== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Ubuntu Developer Membership Board meeting, started by cpaelzer, 03 Sep at 06:21 &mdash; 06:27 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2025/ubuntu-meeting.2025-09-03-06.21.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== Review of previous action items ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 06:22.


=== Application review ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 06:23.


=== Outstanding mailing list requests to assign ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 06:23.

 * ''LINK:'' https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/devel-permissions/2025-August/thread.html   (cpaelzer, 06:23)
 * ''ACTION:'' continue driving the discussion on adding packages to the Ubuntu desktop package set  (cpaelzer, 06:24)
 * ''LINK:'' https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/devel-permissions/2025-August/002872.html   (cpaelzer, 06:24)
 * ''LINK:'' https://ubuntu-archive-team.ubuntu.com/packagesets/questing/desktop-extra   (cpaelzer, 06:25)
 * ''LINK:'' https://discourse.ubuntu.com/c/community/membership/93   (cpaelzer, 06:25)
 * ''LINK:'' https://discourse.ubuntu.com/c/project/307   (cpaelzer, 06:25)
 * ''ACTION:'' paelzer - set up discourse category for "Ubuntu Developer Membership", create example application template there  (cpaelzer, 06:25)

=== AOB ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 06:26.

 * ''LINK:'' https://github.com/ubuntu/ubuntu-project-docs/pull/159#issuecomment-3242863955   (cpaelzer, 06:26)
 * ''ACTION:'' Further Discuss and land PR to clarify expectations  (cpaelzer, 06:26)

=== Next Chair ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 06:27.




== People present (lines said) ==

 * cpaelzer (36)
 * meetingology (5)



== Full log ==


 06:21 <cpaelzer> #startmeeting Ubuntu Developer Membership Board

 06:21 <meetingology> Meeting started at 06:21:40 UTC.  The chair is cpaelzer.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 06:21 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 06:22 <cpaelzer> We are in a time of change, no more using IRC but matrix for the channal, preferring a video call over chat and much more

 06:22 <cpaelzer> But until we have a proper replacement we still want to have the content in IRC logs

 06:22 <cpaelzer> hence for now we are retroactively replaying the content to have logs here as well

 06:22 <cpaelzer> The following is a summary of the meeting on 1st of September

 06:22 <cpaelzer> #topic Review of previous action items

 06:23 <cpaelzer> No open items from last meeting

 06:23 <cpaelzer> #topic Application review

 06:23 <cpaelzer> No application queued this week

 06:23 <cpaelzer> #topic Outstanding mailing list requests to assign

 06:23 <cpaelzer> #link https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/devel-permissions/2025-August/thread.html

 06:23 <cpaelzer> ## Desktop package set

 06:23 <cpaelzer> There is an ongoing discussion [1] about adding packages to the Ubuntudesktop package set that had fallen too silentSome packages requested have wider impact, like plymouth (boot) andgeneral updates (update-manager) and so on, but the majority ofpackages requested seems fine, yet not trivial to add.

 06:23 <cpaelzer> Robie Basak explained that the package set is defined by things seededby the desktopIf a package is not seeded, it is out of scopeBut there is the desktop-extra package set [2] to cover for thatYet we need a definition that makes it clear what is part of it and what not.Currently it is “Every package that is NOT in ubuntu-desktop,desktop-core or core, but needed for a vanilla GNOME.” which can meanall or nothing, what is “vanilla gnome�

 06:23 <cpaelzer> which can meanall or nothing, what is “vanilla gnome” really.

 06:24 <cpaelzer> Robie Basak will continue that discussion to clarify and unblock this

 06:24 <cpaelzer> #action continue driving the discussion on adding packages to the Ubuntu desktop package set

 06:24 * meetingology continue driving the discussion on adding packages to the Ubuntu desktop package set

 06:24 <cpaelzer> ## Wiki struggles

 06:24 <cpaelzer> Missed [2] that was

 06:24 <cpaelzer> #link https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/devel-permissions/2025-August/002872.html

 06:24 <cpaelzer> People see issues with the wiki and we would like to give people a wayto avoid them.Generally application pages are on the wiki, but that can be pain sometimes

 06:25 <cpaelzer> #link https://ubuntu-archive-team.ubuntu.com/packagesets/questing/desktop-extra

 06:25 <cpaelzer> We discussed and agreed that we want to allow application pages indiscourse as well.The idea is to align with how the community manages it in

 06:25 <cpaelzer> #link https://discourse.ubuntu.com/c/community/membership/93

 06:25 <cpaelzer> Assuming that one day also discussions will move there, and to notpollute others, we will need an own category there

 06:25 <cpaelzer> #link https://discourse.ubuntu.com/c/project/307

 06:25 <cpaelzer> We furthermore would want to have a template application, that canstart crude but evolve, so people can more easily copy and createtheirs.

 06:25 <cpaelzer> #action paelzer - set up discourse category for "Ubuntu Developer Membership", create example application template there

 06:25 * meetingology paelzer - set up discourse category for "Ubuntu Developer Membership", create example application template there

 06:26 <cpaelzer> #topic AOB

 06:26 <cpaelzer> ## Clarify expectations

 06:26 <cpaelzer> We discussed the ongoing efforts to clarify our expectationsA lot was considered an improvement, but some aspects we discussed in detail.A particular topic was Expectations for MOTUs vs. Core-Devs - afterdiscussion those are actually mostly the same.This was a long discussion, but the condensed summary has been takenas a note in the PR

 06:26 <cpaelzer> #link https://github.com/ubuntu/ubuntu-project-docs/pull/159#issuecomment-3242863955

 06:26 <cpaelzer> #action Further Discuss and land PR to clarify expectations

 06:26 * meetingology Further Discuss and land PR to clarify expectations

 06:27 <cpaelzer> #topic Next Chair

 06:27 <cpaelzer> Julian volunteered to drive the next session - thanks!

 06:27 <cpaelzer> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)