== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Developer Membership Board Meeting - 2025-01-06, started by schopin, 06 Jan at 16:21 &mdash; 17:02 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2025/ubuntu-meeting.2025-01-06-16.21.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== Ubuntu MOTU Applications ===

Discussion started by schopin at 16:22.

 * '''Ubuntu MOTU Application for Zixing Liu (liushuyu)'''  (schopin, 16:23)
  * ''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/liushuyu-011/MOTUApplication   (schopin, 16:23)
  * ''VOTE:'' Zixing Liu (liushuyu-011) MOTU (Carried)  (teward, 16:59)

=== AOB ===

Discussion started by teward at 17:00.

 * '''Discourse?'''  (teward, 17:00)
 * '''RIP Steve Langasek'''  (teward, 17:02)



== Vote results ==

 * [[https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2025/ubuntu-meeting.2025-01-06-16.21.log.html#78|Zixing Liu (liushuyu-011) MOTU]]
  * Motion carried (For: 4, Against: 0, Abstained: 0)
   * Voters: rbasak, teward, schopin, tsimonq2



== People present (lines said) ==

 * teward (41)
 * rbasak (24)
 * liushuyu (23)
 * schopin (20)
 * meetingology (13)
 * tsimonq2 (7)



== Full log ==


 16:21 <schopin> #startmeeting Developer Membership Board Meeting - 2025-01-06

 16:21 <meetingology> Meeting started at 16:21:45 UTC.  The chair is schopin.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 16:21 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 16:22 <schopin> Welcome to the first DMB meeting of 2025 :)

 16:22 <schopin> I'll go straight to the point.

 16:22 <schopin> #topic Ubuntu MOTU Applications

 16:23 <schopin> #subtopic Ubuntu MOTU Application for Zixing Liu (liushuyu)

 16:23 <liushuyu> Hi, I am Zixing Liu. I am with the Foundations team in Canonical. I have been involved with the Ubuntu development for at least 2 years now. You can find my application here: https://wiki.ubuntu.com/liushuyu-011/MOTUApplication

 16:23 <schopin> #link https://wiki.ubuntu.com/liushuyu-011/MOTUApplication

 16:24 <teward> *waits for the wiki site to not spin*

 16:24 <liushuyu> There is also https://archive.ph/6TvCJ if the wiki does not load

 16:24 <schopin> ah, still sobering up after its new year's eve excesses?

 16:25 <teward> action item: Preserve all of Steve Langasek's endorsements on people.  RIP Steve Langasek, you will be missed.

 16:25 <schopin> If you're relying on the archived version, note that I added my own endorsement in the wiki after that page was snapshotted.

 16:25 <teward> also, rare endorsement from tsimonq2 on your profile nice

 16:25 <teward> schopin: nah wiki finally loaded for me

 16:25 <teward> i'mma ask IS to check the stability

 16:26 <schopin> it didn't for me.

 16:27 <teward> i have no questions, but rbasak might

 16:27 <teward> brb coffee refill

 16:28 <schopin> I don't really have questions either.

 16:30 <teward> rbasak: ?

 16:30 <rbasak> Still looking sorry

 16:30 <teward> no worries

 16:32 <rbasak> liushuyu: if you add a delta to a package in Ubuntu (eg. for +1

 16:32 <rbasak> maintenance for some package in universe), what's your process for ensuring that th

 16:32 <rbasak> e package doesn't languish in the future?

 16:33 <liushuyu> rbasak: I am assuming you are talking about a potential merge that will replace the changes

 16:34 <liushuyu> documenting the changes thoroughly will help prevent this, and also making remarks/comments on MoM and/or Launchpad can also help the potential next uploader understand there are considerations to take into account when doing the merge

 16:35 <rbasak> liushuyu: I mean a new upload to Debian that will not be autosynced by Ubuntu becaues a delta exists

 16:36 <rbasak> liushuyu: for example, you did the merge of https://launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/vstream-client/1.2-7ubuntu1, but Debian has had an upload since. I think you know how to handle that situation now that it is pointed out to you. But what's your process to ensure that such a package gets noticed to be updated in Ubuntu appropriately, after you have added a delta?

 16:36 <rbasak> (I'm not sure if you added that particular delta or not but I hope it's a good enough example)

 16:38 <liushuyu> rbasak: I think a good way is to check merge-o-matic often and also subscribe to the Debian PTS (so that you will know if Debian has a newer upload)

 16:38 <rbasak> Do you check merge-o-matic often for your own uploads?

 16:39 <liushuyu> ... since a package like that is unlikely to be picked up by someone else or transitions

 16:40 <liushuyu> rbasak: Yes, but I might not do the merges right away since some packages may need further examination (or involve more complications with Debian upstream, in case I previously submitted the deltas to Debian)

 16:42 <rbasak> OK thanks

 16:42 <rbasak> Next question

 16:42 <rbasak> Looks like you uploaded (had sponsored) https://launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/rust-cargo-c/0.10.5-1ubuntu3 recently?

 16:42 <rbasak> What do you need to do next with that upload?

 16:44 <liushuyu> rbasak: Yes. So for that one, we have several non-forwardable patches inside the package due to how we maintain Rust-related tools. We will have to maintain this package separately from Debian.

 16:44 <rbasak> liushuyu: OK, and what's holding up its migration at the moment?

 16:46 <liushuyu> rbasak: what's holding up its migration at the moment? > according to https://ubuntu-archive-team.ubuntu.com/proposed-migration/update_output.txt the dependencies are uninstallable because we have some dependency changes since this package has been uploaded

 16:47 <liushuyu> ... this is why we need to watch if Debian Rust Team(s) makes the new upload in their waterboxed Rust ecosystem

 16:48 <liushuyu> ... more specially, it's uninstallable on arm64 according to the output. But I think that's the limitation of Britney's output, as it should be uninstallable on multiple architectures

 16:49 <rbasak> OK

 16:49 <rbasak> Next question: let's say that you're about to upload a new version of a package. It's past feature freeze, so you don't want to inadvertently trigger a transition.

 16:50 <liushuyu> rbasak: We have process in place to avoid last-minute breakages, it's documented in https://wiki.ubuntu.com/FreezeExceptionProcess

 16:51 <rbasak> In the common case of a regular C library transition and packaing that follows best practice, what would you expect to see in the source package if there's a transition about to be triggered?

 16:51 <liushuyu> We can also look up the current release schedule to see when it's the feature freeze date ahead of time to pace the uploads accordingly

 16:52 <tsimonq2> o/ and apologies. No questions from me right now.

 16:52 <teward> oh good we're quorate then i think

 16:52 <liushuyu> rbasak: In the common case of a regular C library transition and packaing that follows best practice > I think we will see the binary package name will have certain changes. We have mechanisms in place to mark the ABI revisions for binary packages

 16:52 <schopin> teward: depends on the votes though.

 16:53 <liushuyu> The number at the end of the binary packages might not necessarily mean the sover

 16:53 <teward> schopin: well if we go by that we're negative-quorate since excluding you or Simon means we're only able to +2 at most meaning this will end up in a Mailing List vote

 16:53 <teward> :p

 16:53 <rbasak> OK

 16:53 <liushuyu> It could also be a change in the C/C++ compiler or the toolchain in general

 16:53 <liushuyu> (e.g. t64)

 16:53 <tsimonq2> (GCC 5)

 16:54 <rbasak> liushuyu: when is feature freeze for Plucky, where can you find that information, and what's the process for requesting an exception?

 16:54 <liushuyu> rbasak: I will need to look up the URL, and hope wiki and the forum won't have a heart attack

 16:55 <schopin> time check: we have 5 mn left on the schedule (and I can't go too much overtime)

 16:56 <liushuyu> rbasak: We have processes documented in https://wiki.ubuntu.com/FreezeExceptionProcess, we do have exceptions to the exceptions (like security updates)

 16:56 <teward> tsimonq2: i'm going to borrow you after this

 16:56 <teward> schopin: start the vote now, put your vote in, and then we'll hand off to after via ML

 16:56 <teward> #chair teward schopin

 16:56 <meetingology> Current chairs: schopin, teward

 16:56 <teward> i'll take over chair

 16:57 <rbasak> OK since we're running of time I'll skip my remaining question

 16:57 <rbasak> Let's move to voting

 16:57 <liushuyu> The schedule is located at https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/plucky-puffin-release-schedule/36461

 16:57 <rbasak> FWIW, you might might the "grep-merges" command useful

 16:57 <teward> #voters teward rbasak schopin tsimonq2

 16:57 <meetingology> Current voters: rbasak, schopin, teward, tsimonq2

 16:57 <liushuyu> rbasak: Thanks for the suggestion!

 16:57 <teward> #vote Zixing Liu (liushuyu-011) MOTU

 16:57 <meetingology> Please vote on: Zixing Liu (liushuyu-011) MOTU

 16:58 <meetingology> Public votes can be registered by saying +1, -1 or +0 in channel (for private voting, private message me with 'vote +1|-1|+0 #channelname')

 16:58 <rbasak> +1

 16:58 <meetingology> +1 received from rbasak

 16:58 <teward> +1

 16:58 <meetingology> +1 received from teward

 16:58 <schopin> teward: thanks, I was still looking up the meeting commands :)

 16:58 <schopin> +1

 16:58 <meetingology> +1 received from schopin

 16:58 <liushuyu> Sorry, Discourse is too modern of a web application, and it does not load very fast for Firefox

 16:58 <tsimonq2> +1 As stated in my endorsement, I find liushuyu's uploads to be high quality. Strong +1

 16:58 <meetingology> +1 As stated in my endorsement, I find liushuyu's uploads to be high quality. Strong +1 received from tsimonq2

 16:58 <teward> schopin: that's why i opped (with my member cloak) and made myself chair to help expedite ;)

 16:58 <teward> (ubuntu members have op in here which is OP but i've used it before to help fix meeting problems)

 16:59 <rbasak> Generally you had good answers to my questions, and there's also nuance there that suggests to me that you understand the details in more depth than we had time to discuss directly.

 16:59 <rbasak> Thank you for your contributions to Ubuntu!

 16:59 <teward> schopin: your vote?

 16:59 <schopin> already done.

 16:59 <tsimonq2> teward: get glasses :P

 16:59 <teward> oop there it is

 16:59 <schopin> Right before the Discourse vs Firefox lament ;)

 16:59 <teward> tsimonq2: get me coffee

 16:59 <teward> #endvote

 16:59 <meetingology> Voting ended on: Zixing Liu (liushuyu-011) MOTU

 16:59 <meetingology> Votes for: 4, Votes against: 0, Abstentions: 0

 16:59 <meetingology> Motion carried

 16:59 <tsimonq2> liushuyu: Congratulations!

 16:59 <teward> That's quorate, welcome to MOTU liushuyu

 17:00 <teward> schopin: you can handle the paperwork / announcement

 17:00 <liushuyu> Thanks everyone!

 17:00 <schopin> teward: will do.

 17:00 <schopin> In an hour.

 17:00 <teward> #topic AOB

 17:00 <teward> #subtopic Discourse?

 17:00 <teward> this is just me being weird BUT

 17:00 <teward> have we considered makign a Discourse section for DMB so we don't have to deal with the Wiki stuff?

 17:01 <tsimonq2> Emphatic +1000

 17:01 <teward> i know it's different but a lot of teams - Community Council included - have started using it for its stuff

 17:01 <teward> and the wiki 503s intermittently every day at random hours so

 17:01 <teward> i'll bring it up in the ML but just wanted to put it on the minutes list as a discussion point

 17:01 <schopin> One issue with Discourse is that topics can't be edited after a set number of days.

 17:01 <teward> schopin: we can fix that with moderator privileges, etc. (fun fact I have that)

 17:01 <teward> (though I only use it to edit documentation content)

 17:02 <teward> it's still something to considier

 17:02 <teward> anyways, schopin has a hard stop so.

 17:02 * schopin runs off.

 17:02 <teward> #subtopic RIP Steve Langasek

 17:02 <tsimonq2> :(

 17:02 <teward> just want to put that in there as an official declaration from the DMB that Steve Langasek was a wonderful person a great mentor and an asset. He will be missed.

 17:02 <teward> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)