== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Developer Membership Board Meeting - 2025-08-18, started by athos, 18 Aug at 20:26 &mdash; 20:30 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2025/ubuntu-meeting.2025-08-18-20.26.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== Attendees ===

Discussion started by athos at 20:26.


=== Meeting Summary ===

Discussion started by athos at 20:27.

 * utkarsh2102 processed the raspi package set inclusion requests from the mailing list  (athos, 20:27)
 * ''ACTION:'' rbasak will process the desktop package set additions as per the mailing list thread request.  (athos, 20:27)
 * There are ongoing discussions on proposing new toolchain-specific package sets (e.g., PHP, Rust, Golang, etc)  (athos, 20:28)
 * cpaelzer introduced a documentation staging area where we can draft/improve the DMB docs  (athos, 20:28)
 * ''AGREED:'' The meeting agenda will be moved to a Discourse wiki, as proposed by cpaelzer  (athos, 20:28)
 * rbasak raised concerns about retaining unsuccessful applicant names publicly in the meeting agenda table  (athos, 20:28)
 * ''AGREED:'' We will remove unsuccessful applicant names from the meeting agenda table while keeping logs available elsewhere.  (athos, 20:28)
 * ''ACTION:'' cpaelzer will change the DMB meeting table in the agenda page to remove names from unsuccessful applications, include missing logs, and remove any remaining empty lines.  (athos, 20:29)
 * ''AGREED:'' For now, whenever a DMB meeting is held though a video call, the team will post the notes to IRC by starting and closing a fake meeting.  (athos, 20:29)
 * utkarsh2102 will chair the next meeting.  (athos, 20:29)
 * ''ACTION:'' cpaelzer will figure out how to get the wiki history for the agenda and knowledge base pages.  (athos, 20:29)
 * ''ACTION:'' cpaelzer and John will make the first spike at writing candidate expectations on Friday afternoon and push something for the team to review.  (athos, 20:29)



== Action items, by person ==

 * cpaelzer
  * cpaelzer will change the DMB meeting table in the agenda page to remove names from unsuccessful applications, include missing logs, and remove any remaining empty lines.
  * cpaelzer will figure out how to get the wiki history for the agenda and knowledge base pages.
  * cpaelzer and John will make the first spike at writing candidate expectations on Friday afternoon and push something for the team to review.
 * rbasak
  * rbasak will process the desktop package set additions as per the mailing list thread request.



== People present (lines said) ==

 * athos (22)
 * meetingology (9)
 * rbasak (0)
 * lvoytek (0)
 * juliank (0)
 * utkarsh2102 (0)
 * cpaelzer (0)



== Full log ==


 20:26 <athos> #startmeeting Developer Membership Board Meeting - 2025-08-18

 20:26 <meetingology> Meeting started at 20:26:21 UTC.  The chair is athos.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 20:26 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 20:26 <athos> Today's meeting was held through a video call. We are starting this meeting here to make sure the minutes are logged in a centralized place.

 20:26 <athos> #topic Attendees

 20:26 <athos> #nick rbasak

 20:26 <athos> #nick lvoytek

 20:27 <athos> #nick juliank

 20:27 <athos> #nick utkarsh2102

 20:27 <athos> #nick cpaelzer

 20:27 <athos> #topic Meeting Summary

 20:27 <athos> #info utkarsh2102 processed the raspi package set inclusion requests from the mailing list

 20:27 <athos> #action rbasak will process the desktop package set additions as per the mailing list thread request.

 20:27 * meetingology rbasak will process the desktop package set additions as per the mailing list thread request.

 20:28 <athos> #info There are ongoing discussions on proposing new toolchain-specific package sets (e.g., PHP, Rust, Golang, etc)

 20:28 <athos> #info cpaelzer introduced a documentation staging area where we can draft/improve the DMB docs

 20:28 <athos> #agreed The meeting agenda will be moved to a Discourse wiki, as proposed by cpaelzer

 20:28 <meetingology> AGREED: The meeting agenda will be moved to a Discourse wiki, as proposed by cpaelzer

 20:28 <athos> #info rbasak raised concerns about retaining unsuccessful applicant names publicly in the meeting agenda table

 20:28 <athos> #agreed We will remove unsuccessful applicant names from the meeting agenda table while keeping logs available elsewhere.

 20:28 <meetingology> AGREED: We will remove unsuccessful applicant names from the meeting agenda table while keeping logs available elsewhere.

 20:29 <athos> #action cpaelzer will change the DMB meeting table in the agenda page to remove names from unsuccessful applications, include missing logs, and remove any remaining empty lines.

 20:29 * meetingology cpaelzer will change the DMB meeting table in the agenda page to remove names from unsuccessful applications, include missing logs, and remove any remaining empty lines.

 20:29 <athos> #agreed For now, whenever a DMB meeting is held though a video call, the team will post the notes to IRC by starting and closing a fake meeting.

 20:29 <meetingology> AGREED: For now, whenever a DMB meeting is held though a video call, the team will post the notes to IRC by starting and closing a fake meeting.

 20:29 <athos> #info utkarsh2102 will chair the next meeting.

 20:29 <athos> #action cpaelzer will figure out how to get the wiki history for the agenda and knowledge base pages.

 20:29 * meetingology cpaelzer will figure out how to get the wiki history for the agenda and knowledge base pages.

 20:29 <athos> #action cpaelzer and John will make the first spike at writing candidate expectations on Friday afternoon and push something for the team to review.

 20:29 * meetingology cpaelzer and John will make the first spike at writing candidate expectations on Friday afternoon and push something for the team to review.

 20:30 <athos> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)