== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting: Ubuntu DMB, 16 Mar at 15:08 &mdash; 15:38 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2015/ubuntu-meeting.2015-03-16-15.08.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/DeveloperMembershipBoard/Agenda 
''LINK:'' https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/devel-permissions/2015-March/000821.html 
''LINK:'' https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/technical-board/2011-July/000999.html ← that one
''LINK:'' https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/devel-permissions/2015-March/000821.html 
''ACTION:'' Laney get with CC to get the voting rules documented.
''ACTION:'' cyphermox review Noskcaj application and history and determine his vote.
''LINK:'' https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/devel-permissions/2015-March/000828.html 



== Vote results ==




== Action items, by person ==

 * cyphermox
  * cyphermox review Noskcaj application and history and determine his vote.
 * Laney
  * Laney get with CC to get the voting rules documented.



== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * Laney (31)
 * ScottK (29)
 * cyphermox (6)
 * meetingology (5)
 * micahg_mobile (4)
 * stgraber (3)
 * xnox (1)



== Full Log ==


 15:08 <ScottK> #startmeeting Ubuntu DMB

 15:08 <meetingology> Meeting started Mon Mar 16 15:08:12 2015 UTC.  The chair is ScottK. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 15:08 <meetingology> 

 15:08 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 15:08 <ScottK> #link https://wiki.ubuntu.com/DeveloperMembershipBoard/Agenda

 15:09 <Laney> A gentle introduction for cyphermox

 15:09 <ScottK> Not sure if I did that right.

 15:09 <Laney> Yeah, don't think the bot confirms #link

 15:09 * stgraber waves

 15:09 <ScottK> In any case, the agenda is light.

 15:10 <ScottK> Anyone have anything not on the agenda?

 15:11 <cyphermox> not me

 15:11 <Laney> Yes

 15:11 <ScottK> Go for it.

 15:11 <Laney> Need to finish Noskcaj

 15:11 <Laney> ...'s application

 15:12 <ScottK> OK.  Will someone volunteer to be the point person for collecting and tallying votes?

 15:13 <Laney> https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/devel-permissions/2015-March/000821.html

 15:13 <Laney> then https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/devel-permissions/2015-March/000822.html

 15:14 <Laney> I think there's still some +4/+1 confusion

 15:14 <ScottK> So if cyphermox were to vote -1 0 or +1, what happens?

 15:14 <Laney> i.e. is this in doubt or not?

 15:15 <Laney> It's at 0 currently, so basically a casting vote by my interpretation

 15:15 <ScottK> So where do we have the vote counting rules documented?

 15:15 <Laney> Nowhere

 15:15 <Laney> do you remember that it came up recently?

 15:15 <micahg_mobile> I thought the vote scheme was settled a couple years ago

 15:15 <xnox> essentially if cyphermox +1 -> win, else -> deffered to reapply again.

 15:15 <Laney> when we talked about DM upload rights

 15:16 <Laney> we decided then that we were voting to +1

 15:16 <Laney> based on an email from Mark that I found at the time

 15:16 <ScottK> OK.  Where was that documented?

 15:16 <ScottK> OK.  We ought to have it better documented where we can find it.

 15:17 <Laney> https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/technical-board/2011-July/000999.html ← that one

 15:17 <Laney> IIRC

 15:17 <Laney> I think it was stgraber who was disagreeing

 15:18 <Laney> let me just mail the CC and get them to write it up somewhere

 15:19 <stgraber> might have been, though nowadays I'd be fine with documenting that the score must be +1 or higher and that at least 50% +1 (quorum) of the DMB members voted

 15:19 <ScottK> OK.

 15:19 <micahg_mobile> Well, as I recall, the DMB had a different scheme because of the care needed when granting upload rights

 15:19 <Laney> The reason that +4 came about, in my mind, is that this is when the application is no longer in doubt

 15:20 <Laney> i.e. a unanimous meeting of 4 or more DMB members can make a decision that the others can't overturn

 15:20 <ScottK> For Kubuntu Dev, the rule is "majority of those present and at least 3".

 15:20 <stgraber> Laney: right

 15:21 <Laney> OK, fine, so I don't think there is any actual disagreement

 15:21 <ScottK> So, bottom line then is it's up to cyphermox.

 15:21 <Laney> cyphermox: want any context?

 15:22 <micahg_mobile> Hrm, I thought we had 3 abstentions

 15:22 <cyphermox> I was just looking at that

 15:22 <cyphermox> so far I'm +0, looking to see if there's something to change my mind either way

 15:22 <Laney> You can ask questions

 15:22 <Laney> if you want

 15:22 <ScottK> I'd propose two actions:

 15:23 <ScottK> 1. Laney get with CC to get the voting rules documented.

 15:23 <cyphermox> Laney: true

 15:23 <ScottK> 2.  cyphermox review Noskaj application and history and determine his vote.

 15:23 <ScottK> We ought to be able to do both those in two weeks, right?

 15:23 <Laney> Fine. I'll just send the email right now

 15:24 <cyphermox> Noskcaj: what specific actions did you take on the evolution-ews package I see in mitya57's list of experiences working together?

 15:24 <cyphermox> ScottK: yes

 15:24 <ScottK> Probably not entirely fair just to spring this on him without warning.

 15:25 <Laney> email is fine

 15:26 <ScottK> #link https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/devel-permissions/2015-March/000821.html

 15:26 <ScottK> #action Laney get with CC to get the voting rules documented.

 15:26 * meetingology Laney get with CC to get the voting rules documented.

 15:26 <Laney> Give me two minutes and you can #link it

 15:27 <ScottK> #action cyphermox review Noskcaj application and history and determine his vote.

 15:27 * meetingology cyphermox review Noskcaj application and history and determine his vote.

 15:29 <ScottK> Anything else while we wait for Laney's link?

 15:33 * Laney better mail to devel-permissions instead of d-m-b@ so there is a public link.

 15:36 <Laney> ScottK: https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/devel-permissions/2015-March/000828.html

 15:37 <ScottK> #link https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/devel-permissions/2015-March/000828.html

 15:37 <ScottK> Next chair

 15:37 <ScottK> micahg_mobile: You're next on the list.

 15:37 <Laney> Also if this application fails the people who voted negatively should be ready with feedback

 15:37 <micahg_mobile> Ok

 15:38 <ScottK> AOB

 15:38 <ScottK> I guess none then.

 15:38 <ScottK> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)