== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 08 Oct at 15:02 &mdash; 15:52 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2015/ubuntu-meeting.2015-10-08-15.02.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning round ===
The discussion about "Lightning round" started at 15:03.

  * ''LINK:'' https://xkcd.com/1172/ 

=== Releees ===
The discussion about "Releees" started at 15:27.


=== AOB ===
The discussion about "AOB" started at 15:47.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * slangasek (49)
 * pitti (39)
 * doko (38)
 * infinity (36)
 * bdmurray (24)
 * ubottu (22)
 * cyphermox (21)
 * robru (20)
 * tdaitx (20)
 * barry (18)
 * sil2100 (17)
 * caribou (13)
 * meetingology (3)



== Full Log ==


 15:02 <slangasek> #startmeeting

 15:02 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Oct  8 15:02:58 2015 UTC.  The chair is slangasek. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 15:02 <meetingology> 

 15:02 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 15:03 <doko> I'll go last ...

 15:03 <slangasek> [TOPIC] Lightning round

 15:03 <slangasek> $ echo $(shuf -e barry doko bdmurray slangasek caribou infinity sil2100 robru cyphermox pitti tdaitx)

 15:03 <slangasek> robru pitti infinity sil2100 barry doko caribou tdaitx bdmurray slangasek cyphermox

 15:04 <robru> I win!

 15:04 <robru> lp:cupstream2distro

 15:04 <robru> - sometimes lp doesn't respond to a copyPackage even if it copies successfully. Catch & warn the resulting exception rather than exploding

 15:04 <robru> - fix (again) the performance regression when marking silos dirty.

 15:04 <robru> - support manual sources in dual silos properly.

 15:04 <robru> - discover ppa source names so users no longer need to type them by hand

 15:04 <robru> - fix race condition in publisher that was causing duplicate statuses in the audit log

 15:04 <robru> - clarify error when releasing wily trunk for vivid.

 15:04 <robru> - stop considering duplicate assignment attempts as an error, tell the user the silo is already assigned, and set bileto status correctly

 15:04 <robru> - force all dual silos to publish wily+vivid into overlay.

 15:04 <robru> lp:bileto

 15:04 <robru> - Auto-linkify bug numbers in description

 15:04 <robru> - Stop letting long lines overflow cards.

 15:04 <robru> - fix bug with comment box losing contents during page refresh

 15:04 <robru> - discover and display artifacts URL to user.

 15:04 <robru> - totally redesign web frontend, fixing many UX issues

 15:04 <robru> - allow people to limit searches to only active requests

 15:04 <robru> - increase audit logging to include when users edit requests

 15:04 <robru> - streamline some redundant logic between a couple db model classes

 15:04 <robru> (done)

 15:05 <slangasek> pitti:

 15:05 <pitti> autopkgtest:

 15:05 <pitti> - Correctly install main linux kernel for DKMS tests in LXC

 15:05 <pitti> - Don't clobber already passed tests with failures from new uploads (#1501697)

 15:05 <pitti> - Fine-tune tests triggered by gcc packages

 15:05 <pitti> - Make linux* depend on linux-meta* (#1498807)

 15:05 <pitti> - Discuss better/earlier autopkgtest coverage for silos with robru, slangasek, and jibel

 15:05 <pitti> misc:

 15:05 <pitti> - langpack-o-matic: Fix erroneously discarded languages, rebuild wily packs

 15:05 <pitti> - various bug fixes in networkd (#1500992), open-iscsi (#1501033), python-dbusmock, systemd (#1492546), udev (#795494 and others)

 15:05 <pitti> - postgresql: Prepare new upstream security/bug fix releases for all supported Ubuntu releases (#1504132)

 15:05 <pitti> - tons of tiny requests, mails, bug triage, and other catch-up after sprint week

 15:05 <pitti> END

 15:05 <infinity> - Kernel SRUs

 15:05 <infinity> - Emergency kernel security update

 15:05 <infinity> - s390x bootstrapping

 15:05 <infinity> - Release prep

 15:05 <infinity> - Finalizing release sprint details

 15:05 <infinity> - Lots of queue reviews

 15:06 <infinity> (done)

 15:06 <sil2100> - Landing team work, silo coordination, preparing landing e-mails

 15:06 <sil2100> - RTM Status meetings

 15:06 <sil2100> - OTA-7 preparations

 15:06 <sil2100> * Preparing the snapshot, coordinating translations, announcements

 15:06 <sil2100> - +1 maintenance, working through the list of FTBFS from the wily test-rebuild:

 15:06 <sil2100> * Fixed unity-voice build failure

 15:06 <sil2100> * Poked barry for syncing wheel to fix its FTBFS

 15:06 <sil2100> * Requested sync of python-traceback2

 15:06 <sil2100> * Preparation of changes for ubuntuone-client-data

 15:06 <sil2100> * Work on python-pysaml2 FTBFS - still a few failures left

 15:06 <sil2100> * Check sponsor request for sflphone

 15:06 <sil2100> - Refreshed touch seeds, removing friends from the seeds

 15:06 <sil2100> - Play around with a new UI mockup for requests

 15:06 <sil2100> - Looking into possible solutions of displaying OTA tags on images

 15:06 <sil2100> * Investigated the idea of an OTA map

 15:06 <sil2100> * Looked into appending tags in system-image server json files

 15:06 <sil2100> (done)

 15:06 <barry> debuntu: LP: #1501805; wheel 0.26.0-1; git transition in dpmt (it is happening!); research for LP: #1500768; pex 1.0.3-2 and 1.0.3-2ubuntu1 to unblock wheel promotion in wily-proposed.

 15:06 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1501805 in python-apt (Ubuntu) "Sync python-apt 1.0.1 (main) from Debian unstable (main)" [High,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1501805

 15:06 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1500768 in python3.4 (Ubuntu Trusty) "python3.4.3 SRU break requests" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1500768

 15:06 <barry> system-image: discussion, research, etc. around LP: #1475568

 15:06 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1475568 in ubuntu-system-settings (Ubuntu) "Use OTA terminology in system settings" [Undecided,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1475568

 15:06 <barry> recovered from a server crash, including landscape breakages (issue reported, diagnosed, resolved)

 15:06 <barry> --done--

 15:09 <caribou> doko ?

 15:09 <caribou> or should I go next ?

 15:09 <caribou> Bugfix :

 15:09 <caribou> - Bug #1496317 Wily failed kdump crash smb reviewed it. Minor fixes. Will need to be SRUed

 15:09 <caribou> - sosreport autopkgtests

 15:09 <caribou> - Memory leak analysis

 15:09 <caribou> - mpt2sas firmware version for Trusty

 15:09 <caribou> - 70-persistent-rule bug SRU

 15:09 <caribou> Booked flights for sprint

 15:09 <ubottu> bug 1496317 in kexec-tools (Ubuntu) "kexec fails with OOM killer with the current crashkernel=128 value" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1496317

 15:09 <caribou> Done

 15:09 <tdaitx> Short week:

 15:09 <tdaitx> 1. US biometrics collection on last Thursday afternoon

 15:09 <tdaitx> 2. US visa interview on Monday, flight to and back from S�o Paulo

 15:09 <tdaitx> Current/Past

 15:09 <tdaitx> - Squid bugs squash^W triage; was checking if my 3.3.14 update fixed any (no such luck), so I decided to spend a few more minutes in each to triage them

 15:09 <tdaitx> - Updated Squid3 from 3.3.8-1ubuntu16 to 3.3.14-0ubuntu1 (LP: #1502178)

 15:09 <tdaitx> - Fix mesa FTBFS; missing mirclient dependency on either mir-client-platform-mesa or on mesa's configure.ac (LP: #1503450)

 15:09 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1502178 in squid3 (Ubuntu) "update squid from 3.3.8 to 3.3.14" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1502178

 15:09 <tdaitx> - Investigated fix for LP: #1073478; needs SRU

 15:09 <tdaitx> - Trying to get JDK-8073139 reviews up and running again

 15:09 <tdaitx> - Finished my Core Dev application wiki (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/TiagoDaitx/CoreDeveloperApplication)

 15:09 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1503450 in Mir "mesa FTBFS due to missing Requires in mirclient" [High,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1503450

 15:09 <tdaitx> Next steps

 15:10 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1073478 in squid3 (Ubuntu) "squid3 logrotate fails when squid is not running" [Medium,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1073478

 15:10 <tdaitx> - get icedtea 2.7-preXX packaged and building

 15:10 <tdaitx> - triage openjdk 7 to check which bugs have been fixed by icedtea 2.7

 15:10 <tdaitx> - get some comments and endorsements for my core dev application

 15:10 <tdaitx> - verify OpenJDK 6 TLS patch (LP: #1482924)

 15:10 <tdaitx> Waiting/On hold

 15:10 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1482924 in openjdk-7 (Ubuntu) "Regressions due to USN-2696-1" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1482924

 15:10 <tdaitx> - waiting OCA to submit webrevs for 7093640 backport (set TLS 1.1 as default for JDK 6 and TLS 1.2 as default for JDK 7); not blocking anything for now, just waiting

 15:10 <tdaitx> (done)

 15:10 <bdmurray> submitted RT regarding updating apport on staging, prod retracers x 2

 15:10 <bdmurray> discovered and fixed Traceback with apport on production retracers

 15:10 <bdmurray> fixed different apport traceback with -dbgsym packages

 15:10 <bdmurray> rewrite of cql async query for failed to retrace bucketing

 15:10 <bdmurray> confirmed that we are retracing less foreign origin packages on 12.04

 15:10 <bdmurray> fixed privacy issue with LP: #1494361

 15:10 <bdmurray> update meta-release-proposed file for LP: #1497024

 15:10 <bdmurray> updated meta-release files for the ubuntu-release-upgrader in vivid-updates

 15:10 <ubottu> Error: Launchpad bug 1494361 could not be found

 15:10 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1497024 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu) "release upgrades should jump over unsupported releases" [High,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1497024

 15:10 <bdmurray> T, V SRU verification of LP: #1497024

 15:10 <bdmurray> T, V SRU verification of LP: #1498193

 15:10 <bdmurray> irc discussion re fix for LP: #1498697 (rejected upload in the queue)

 15:10 <bdmurray> rls-w bug review

 15:10 <bdmurray> uploaded update-manager fix for LP: #1215114

 15:10 <bdmurray> uploaded ubuntu-release-upgrader fix for LP: #1313514

 15:10 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1498193 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu Trusty) "demoted.cfg is a broken symlink in the upgrader tarball" [High,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1498193

 15:10 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1498697 in tgt (Ubuntu Precise) "Targets are not consistently shown with large numbers of targets" [Medium,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1498697

 15:10 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1215114 in update-manager (Ubuntu Wily) "_get_linux_packages function needs updating" [High,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1215114

 15:10 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1313514 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu) "Blacklist entry for ubuntu-release-upgrader should be more specific so it doesn't match ubuntu-release-upgrader-qt if kubuntu-desktop is not the desktop meta package" [High,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1313514

 15:10 <bdmurray> tested and uploaded a fix for whoopsie bug LP: #1389357

 15:10 <bdmurray> retrace of autofs crash bug LP: #1503034

 15:10 <bdmurray> reported ubiquity LP: #1503441 regarding installer crashing with a 8GB install

 15:10 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1389357 in whoopsie (Ubuntu) "whoopsie reuses CRASH_DB_IDENTIFIER on next run" [Low,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1389357

 15:11 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1503034 in autofs (Ubuntu) "Autofs 5.1.1-1ubuntu2 crashes with segfault on startup" [High,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1503034

 15:11 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1503441 in ubiquity (Ubuntu) "8 GB isn't enough to install Ubuntu" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1503441

 15:11 <bdmurray> research into and uploaded ubuntu-release-upgrader fix for LP: #1502529

 15:11 <bdmurray> ✔ done

 15:11 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1502529 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu) ""Upgrading Ubuntu to version " not translated" [High,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1502529

 15:11 <pitti> bdmurray: thanks for the -dbgsym fix, that also was the one breaking the tests

 15:11 <bdmurray> pitti: Ah, I didn't see that test failure.

 15:11 <doko> tdaitx, wait, is 2.7-preXX meant to be the next release, not 2.6.2?

 15:11 <pitti> bdmurray: I didn't get it locally either, but during the CI autopkgtest run

 15:12 <bdmurray> pitti: Is there a way to subscribe to emails about those?

 15:12 <pitti> bdmurray: not email, just XSS for now (http://autopkgtest.ubuntu.com/data/feeds/a/apport.xml)

 15:12 <pitti> email notifications are coming

 15:13 <slangasek> * still working on recruiting for the open positions

 15:13 <slangasek> * discussions about improving the autopkgtest system use with silos and generally

 15:13 <doko> - finish libav/ffmpeg transition, remove libav from wily

 15:13 <doko> - finish libept transition

 15:13 <doko> - backported ppc64el and s390 support for libseccomp

 15:13 <doko> - hdf5 transition

 15:13 <doko> - looking at a python3.4 regression in trusty-updates

 15:13 <slangasek> * meetings: POWER, s390x

 15:13 <doko> - report a GCC memory hog upstream, found in insighttoolkit4

 15:13 <doko> - fixing build failures

 15:13 <slangasek> * looking at juju on s390x to figure out if we will have performance problems there like we did on POWER due to memory pressure

 15:13 <doko> - prepared and started the test rebuild, buildd give backs

 15:13 <slangasek> * trying to figure out the system-image key rotation, it looks like we won't have quorum at the sprint so this will need to be done in London

 15:13 <doko> - one more GCC update

 15:13 <doko> - openjdk-7 and openjdk-8 updates

 15:13 <slangasek> * reviewed and tested the patches to bug #1439769, to land in wily

 15:13 <doko> - still trying to build gcc-snapshot on all archs

 15:13 <slangasek> * sprint travel planning

 15:13 <doko> - prepare python-greenlet and valgrind SRU's, validate them

 15:13 <slangasek> (done)

 15:13 <ubottu> bug 1439769 in update-manager (Ubuntu Vivid) "various linux packages being marked as manually installed, still prevents 'apt-get autoremove' from doing the right thing for kernels" [Critical,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1439769

 15:13 <doko> (done)

 15:13 <slangasek> hmm :)

 15:13 <doko> oops

 15:13 <slangasek> cyphermox:

 15:13 <tdaitx> doko, I'm trying to check that with andrew, but he is out this week, anyway I only saw 2.7-pre tags being added

 15:14 <cyphermox> eep, I wasn't quite ready

 15:14 <cyphermox> so;

 15:14 <cyphermox> - firmware update stuff

 15:14 <cyphermox> - upload ubiquity-slideshow

 15:14 <cyphermox> - fixed usb-modeswitch

 15:14 <cyphermox> - discussions/review for upstart-watchdog fixes

 15:14 <cyphermox> and multipath bugfixes

 15:14 <tdaitx> doko, anyway, he has released both micro and minor releases together in the past

 15:14 <cyphermox> along with random other things, I forget :/

 15:14 <cyphermox> (done)

 15:15 <doko> see above: ^ ^

 15:15 <doko> (done)

 15:16 <slangasek> ok

 15:16 <slangasek> any questions?

 15:16 <slangasek> infinity: maybe you want to discuss the python3.4 SRU

 15:16 <barry> slangasek: key rotation!

 15:16 <caribou> Can someone sponsor LP: #1273462

 15:16 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1273462 in lsb (Ubuntu Trusty) "Users can mistakenly run init.d scripts and cause problems if an equivalent upstart job already exists" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1273462

 15:16 <caribou> that's the bug we discussed extensively a while back

 15:16 <infinity> doko: You missed the conversation barry and I just had on mumble, but I think the sane way forward is to back out that one commit in python3.4 itself, rather than try to fix all the rdeps to cope with it.

 15:17 <infinity> doko: Interface/defaults changes like that aren't particularly SRU-friendly (and there's no guarantee we won't break third-party code, even if we fixed everything we ship in the distro).

 15:17 <barry> infinity, doko i'm going to bring this up as a general point of discussion on the new linux-sig@python.org

 15:17 <bdmurray> Please have a look at the rls-w-tracking bugs - http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-w-tracking-bug-tasks.html

 15:17 <doko> wait, which commit?

 15:18 <infinity> doko: The bit that changes the behaviour incompatibly. :P

 15:18 <pitti> bdmurray: wow, what happened with the kernel bugs? > 1.500

 15:18 <doko> I'm lost ...

 15:19 <barry> doko: this is for LP: #1500768 and it's related to 3.4.3 changes for PEP 476.

 15:19 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1500768 in python3.4 (Ubuntu Trusty) "python3.4.3 SRU break requests" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1500768

 15:19 <bdmurray> pitti: Its all those CVEs I guess

 15:20 <barry> doko: you might want to join linux-sig if you're not already, or read it via gmane

 15:20 <slangasek> caribou: I'm willing to sponsor bug #1273462 but then I wonder if anyone else will approve the SRU :)

 15:20 <ubottu> bug 1273462 in lsb (Ubuntu Trusty) "Users can mistakenly run init.d scripts and cause problems if an equivalent upstart job already exists" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1273462

 15:20 <caribou> slangasek: I can ping arges about it

 15:21 <pitti> how about I sponsor, you approve? :-)

 15:22 <doko> barry, there's nothing about this on the ml ... https://mail.python.org/pipermail/linux-sig/2015-October/thread.html

 15:23 <barry> doko: not yet :)

 15:23 <slangasek> doko: are you ok with infinity's suggestion, to back out the behavior change?

 15:24 <pitti> https://xkcd.com/1172/

 15:24 <doko> slangasek, I didn't nail it down to a single commit yet. so if he has the commit, that's fine. however reverting the whole pep commit is probably not the right solution

 15:25 <barry> i don't know which commit it is

 15:25 <infinity> doko: Oh, I was using "commit" in the abstract sense, I don't have a pointer, sorry.

 15:26 <infinity> doko: But if it's just a default flag being inverted, as barry suggests, it should be a 1-liner to revert the behaviour, I'd hope.

 15:26 * doko goes back to work on that

 15:26 <infinity> (But, y'know, python, so who knows)

 15:26 <slangasek> doko: ok.  as various folks have pointed out, rolling back the package from -updates doesn't help the users that have already upgraded over the two weeks that the package was in -updates; so if we're all agreed that reverting this change is a sensible path forward, and if you can prioritize working on it, that would be excellent

 15:26 <doko> sure

 15:26 <slangasek> thanks

 15:26 <barry> thanks

 15:27 <doko> one more thing, ftbfs ...

 15:27 <doko> there are still plenty ...

 15:27 <infinity> barry, doko: I don't think identifying "the commit" is all that important, if you can find the magic 1-liner required to invert the default and that fixes the problem, yay.

 15:27 <slangasek> [TOPIC] Releees

 15:28 <barry> pep 476 has more information in the Implementation section

 15:28 <slangasek> doko: current pointer for the ftbfs list?

 15:28 <cyphermox> we have a scary werewolf in the slideshow since today.

 15:28 <slangasek> there's http://people.ubuntuwire.org/~wgrant/rebuild-ftbfs-test/test-rebuild-20151001-wily.html

 15:29 <slangasek> which doesn't have many interesting packages on it; there's some GL package I've never heard of failing to build on two architectures? glibc, anyone heard of it?

 15:29 <bdmurray> cyphermox: do you have a link to the scariness?

 15:29 <infinity> cyphermox: Oh, did you do my usual gimping?  Should I review it? :P

 15:29 <cyphermox> bdmurray: just a sec; fetching the werevervet.

 15:30 <cyphermox> ftbfs are more important though ;)

 15:30 <infinity> slangasek: The glibc failures are probably just some racy tests, but I'll look.

 15:30 <pitti> slangasek: yes, I think the other day the kernel warned me while it saw a double-free that it detected a glibc; that glibc thingy is likely the culprit!

 15:30 <cyphermox> bdmurray: http://bazaar.launchpad.net/~ubiquity-slideshow/ubiquity-slideshow-ubuntu/html/revision/719

 15:30 <slangasek> doko: fwiw shim is on that list and will be fixed the next time we need to upload shim for other reasons and not before

 15:31 <slangasek> pitti: these people and their newfangled GL extensions

 15:31 <doko> slangasek, ok, I'll make a note

 15:31 <doko> and there are packages stuck in -proposed ... http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses.html

 15:31 <slangasek> yaboot ftbfs, solution: remove it from main

 15:31 <infinity> Ahh, yeah, both those glibc tests are known-flaky.  Need to fix those upstream once and for all.

 15:32 <infinity> yaboot it on my hitlist, but I failed to find time to switch ppc to grub this cycle.  Maybe I can do it before release for kicks. :P

 15:32 <cyphermox> doko: I'll look at shim when I get to upload it next, I guess. the bug is already assigned to me.

 15:33 <pitti> doko: did all of these build just once, or twice? i. e. is it still likely to find a lot of flakiness there, or are these more or less "stable" failures?

 15:33 <pitti> I've seen a lot of "please retry foo" requests on IRC recently

 15:33 <pitti> not that they wouldn't be important to fix, but I guess they are a bit less urgent than the stable FTBFS

 15:33 <doko> pitti, look at the build date. main finished around Oct 3

 15:34 <slangasek> pitti: if they've built at all they're considered good for these purposes.  Given the number of consistently-failing builds, getting flaky builds to be non-flaky isn't the priority

 15:34 <doko> I can give back the amd64 and i386 builds, sure

 15:34 <barry> that's part of the problem, and i saw it repeatedly in the py35asdefault ppa.  one fix can cascade a bunch of other fixes if you do a mass retry

 15:34 <pitti> right; I wonder about e. g. https://launchpadlibrarian.net/219449079/buildlog_ubuntu-wily-i386.gnutls28_3.3.15-5ubuntu2_BUILDING.txt.gz

 15:34 <infinity> slangasek: Oh, ouch, that yaboot explosion is actual work to fix.  e2fslibs forced a sad.

 15:34 <pitti> such things (failure of one test case named "mini-loss-time") certainly smell flaky-ish

 15:35 <slangasek> infinity: grub!

 15:35 <infinity> slangasek: On the flip side, yaboot has never had a CVE in the history of ever, so still low prio to care if it builds. :P

 15:35 <slangasek> more important question, why are there ruby packages in the core packageset

 15:35 <infinity> slangasek: grub2 is definitely the right answer, though.  I need to sidegrade my PowerStation to grub from yaboot and make sure that's working before I try to flip the installers/ISOs/world.

 15:36 <infinity> (Also need to hunt down community people with Macs, since Apple's OF is far more likely to break than the SLOF on my machine)

 15:37 <doko> next time I'll do the test rebuild as a group, so that more people can give back build

 15:37 <doko> s

 15:37 <slangasek> barry: looking at http://people.ubuntuwire.org/~wgrant/rebuild-ftbfs-test/test-rebuild-20151001-wily.html#core there's really not a whole lot of cascading to be done fwiw

 15:37 <slangasek> doko: you just need to rope the TB members into doing the give-backs for you, apparently

 15:38 <doko> heh

 15:38 <pitti> slangasek: wow, ruby-flexmock is in the extra seed

 15:39 <pitti> oh, gem2deb is in main

 15:39 <pitti> that probably pulls in tons of stuff

 15:39 <slangasek> pitti: "in main" != "in the core packageset"

 15:39 <doko> I already remove a lot of deps from gem2deb

 15:40 <infinity> slangasek: "in the core packageset" just means it's an intersection of more than one flavour.  Which is likely, if ruby is being trasitively pulled in by something lowish in the stack.

 15:40 <slangasek> infinity: gem2deb isn't low in the stack, ruby has only ever been in main because of server

 15:40 <slangasek> and chef+puppet

 15:40 <doko> yes, still need write that email ...

 15:41 <slangasek> :)

 15:41 <pitti> those, and xapian-bindings

 15:41 <pitti> and subversion

 15:42 <doko> I don't think we can remove the whole ruby from main, even if we demote chef+puppet

 15:42 <slangasek> I'm not sure why subversion is in main either

 15:42 <slangasek> anyway

 15:42 <slangasek> ftbfs bugs

 15:43 <slangasek> people will work on them yes?

 15:43 <doko> pitti, gnutls ftbfs persists

 15:43 <barry> yes

 15:43 <infinity> All popular version control systems were in main pretty much since Ubuntu's inception.

 15:43 <doko> just mention on #ubuntu-devel which one you are starting to work on ...

 15:43 <infinity> Might be worth revisiting now that the world has (mostly) settled on git as the winner.

 15:43 <pitti> slangasek: that finally is something which we can change -- it's still in supported-development seed, probably for hysterical raisins?

 15:43 <barry> +1

 15:43 <pitti> slangasek: it might have made sense in 2005, but probably not any more

 15:44 * pitti sighs reading/tracking germinate output

 15:44 <pitti> and it's not like it'd go very far if we demote it

 15:44 <pitti> oh dear, we still have *cvs* in main

 15:44 <slangasek> yes, I think I suggested culling subversion already a while back; though I guess one of the git bridges might care about it

 15:45 <pitti> (seeded)

 15:45 <pitti> but not tla -- outrageous!

 15:45 <infinity> pitti: Right, CVS was there for the same reason.

 15:45 <infinity> pitti: tla was dropped like a hot potato when bazaar happened, because reasons.

 15:45 <barry> infinity: can you add RCS support please?

 15:46 <infinity> barry: If you have CVS, you have RCS.  Oh, except not, it's only a suggests.

 15:46 <pitti> ah yes, git build-deps on cvs argh

 15:46 <infinity> barry: But, really, CVS is just a "user-friendly" RCS. :P

 15:46 <pitti> so even unseeding it wouldn't help

 15:46 <infinity> For some definition of "friendly".

 15:46 <barry> probably "less user-antagonistic"

 15:47 <infinity> pitti: We waste exactly zero effort on "maintaining" CVS, so it doesn't really matter.

 15:47 <infinity> SVN is a bit more of a time suck, but then there's the discussion of "would we really stop maintaining it just because it's in universe?"

 15:47 <slangasek> I don't think we need to loop over the germinate output in realtime here

 15:47 <slangasek> [TOPIC] AOB

 15:47 <slangasek> anything else today?

 15:47 <barry> monday is a usa holiday but i will probably swapday it

 15:48 <cyphermox> yeah. monday holiday in Canada too.

 15:48 <slangasek> ah, I'm taking my holiday, don't want to miss out on that Canadian cranberry sauce

 15:48 <cyphermox> I don't think Catou will want me to swap it

 15:48 <infinity> slangasek: Just want to resolve the cyphermox/sprint thing before we forget.  Should we take that to mumble?

 15:48 <cyphermox> slangasek: make your own!

 15:49 <infinity> And I'll probably take Monday off to go cast a few dozen votes against Harper.

 15:49 <cyphermox> cranberry sauce is so easy and delicious to make :)

 15:49 <slangasek> infinity: we should take it to post-meeting, at least

 15:49 <infinity> Yay, advanced polls.

 15:49 <cyphermox> infinity: oh, good plan.

 15:49 <infinity> cyphermox: Yeah, if you're sprinting, you'll miss the election, so do vote this weekend. :)

 15:50 <cyphermox> too bad I was planning to go up north this weekend :/

 15:51 <cyphermox> I don't have any OB.

 15:52 <slangasek> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)