== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting: Ubuntu DMB, 14 Sep at 19:17 &mdash; 19:41 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2015/ubuntu-meeting.2015-09-14-19.17.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/DeveloperMembershipBoard/Agenda 
''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/DeveloperMembershipBoard/Agenda 
=== Unit193's application for Xubuntu package set ===
The discussion about "Unit193's application for Xubuntu package set" started at 19:20.

  * ''Vote:'' Unit193 to be have be added to the Xubuntu package set uploaders (Carried)

=== Review of pending action items ===
The discussion about "Review of pending action items" started at 19:32.


=== Next chair ===
The discussion about "Next chair" started at 19:34.


=== Any other business ===
The discussion about "Any other business" started at 19:35.

  * ''ACTION:'' Update Fridge meeting info
  * ''ACTION:'' Laney to chair next meeting
  * ''ACTION:'' infinity to add unit193 to xubuntu packageset ACL



== Vote results ==

 * [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2015/ubuntu-meeting.2015-09-14-19.17.log.html#41 Unit193 to be have be added to the Xubuntu package set uploaders]]
  * Motion carried (For/Against/Abstained 4/0/0)
   *  Voters cyphermox, xnox, infinity, bdmurray



== Action items, by person ==

 * infinity
  * infinity to add unit193 to xubuntu packageset ACL
 * **UNASSIGNED**
  * Update Fridge meeting info
  * Laney to chair next meeting



== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * cyphermox (43)
 * meetingology (17)
 * infinity (14)
 * xnox (13)
 * Unit193 (6)
 * bdmurray (5)



== Full Log ==


 19:17 <cyphermox> #startmeeting Ubuntu DMB

 19:17 <meetingology> Meeting started Mon Sep 14 19:17:57 2015 UTC.  The chair is cyphermox. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 19:17 <meetingology> 

 19:17 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 19:18 <xnox> infinity: 102 sleeps till christmas!

 19:18 <cyphermox> #link https://wiki.ubuntu.com/DeveloperMembershipBoard/Agenda

 19:18 <infinity> xnox: Or 8 sleeps, for me.

 19:18 <xnox> >_<

 19:18 <xnox> =))))

 19:19 <cyphermox> woops.

 19:19 <cyphermox> [LINK] https://wiki.ubuntu.com/DeveloperMembershipBoard/Agenda

 19:19 <cyphermox> ugh

 19:19 <cyphermox> #votesrequired 4

 19:19 <meetingology> votes now need 4 to be passed

 19:20 <cyphermox> #voters infinity cyphermox xnox bdmurray

 19:20 <meetingology> Current voters: bdmurray cyphermox infinity xnox

 19:20 <xnox> wow, i never used votesrequired command =)

 19:20 <cyphermox> #topic Unit193's application for Xubuntu package set

 19:20 <xnox> always stopped the vote manually.

 19:20 <cyphermox> xnox: automated tallying.

 19:20 * xnox says cyphermox is so advanced

 19:21 <cyphermox> Unit193: please introduce yourself, and we'll ask you questions

 19:21 <Unit193> Howdy.  I'm "Unit 193", Xubuntu developer and contributor to Debian and Ubuntu.

 19:21 <Unit193> I'm kind of part of the Ohio LoCo, but it's a bit inactive.

 19:24 <cyphermox> Unit193: do you have examples of work you're particularly proud of?

 19:25 <Unit193> cyphermox: There were a couple I linked, the parole bug that was an Ubuntu only issue that wouldn't allow the user to load plugins comes to mind, that one lasted a few cycles.  There's nothing that really comes to mind that I'd be specifically "proud" of.

 19:27 <cyphermox> quite nice

 19:27 <cyphermox> Anybody else have questions?

 19:27 <infinity> I don't really, I think the application speaks for itself.

 19:28 <bdmurray> I don't have any questions.

 19:28 <Unit193> I've been able to get a few packages I have locally into Debian too! \o/

 19:28 <cyphermox> alrighty then

 19:28 <cyphermox> xnox: you ready to vote?

 19:28 <infinity> My only question is if we have a formal "real names" policy (I don't think we do?), cause Unit193 might have some issues there. :P

 19:29 <xnox> infinity: we do not have such a policy, nor do we demand people to be in a web of trust.

 19:29 <Unit193> infinity: Yeah, specifically for DM, that'll be harder to get GPG sigs..

 19:29 <infinity> Unit193: GPG cross-signing isn't impossible in such cases, but it means being signed by people who actually know you, and can connect the pseudonym to the person.

 19:30 <infinity> Unit193: FWIW, those are the sorts of sigs I prefer anyway (human trust, rather than government trust), but harder to come by when you're trying to break into a community.

 19:30 <xnox> Unit193: DM -> as in Debian Maintainer?! This is Ubuntu Developer Membership Board and cannot advice about Debian. Contact Debian Front Desk about it.

 19:30 <infinity> xnox: :P

 19:30 <cyphermox> #vote Unit193 to be have be added to the Xubuntu package set uploaders

 19:30 <meetingology> Please vote on: Unit193 to be have be added to the Xubuntu package set uploaders

 19:30 <meetingology> Public votes can be registered by saying +1, +0 or -1 in channel, (for private voting, private message me with 'vote +1/-1/+0 #channelname)

 19:30 <infinity> +1

 19:30 <meetingology> +1 received from infinity

 19:30 * cyphermox sucks at typing

 19:30 <cyphermox> +1

 19:30 <meetingology> +1 received from cyphermox

 19:30 <bdmurray> +1

 19:30 <meetingology> +1 received from bdmurray

 19:30 <xnox> +1

 19:30 <meetingology> +1 received from xnox

 19:31 <cyphermox> #endvote

 19:31 <meetingology> Voting ended on: Unit193 to be have be added to the Xubuntu package set uploaders

 19:31 <meetingology> Votes for:4 Votes against:0 Abstentions:0

 19:31 <meetingology> Motion carried

 19:31 <Unit193> Wow, thanks guys!

 19:31 <bdmurray> Congatulations

 19:31 <cyphermox> Congrats

 19:32 <cyphermox> so, moving on to pending actions. sorry for doing things out of order

 19:32 <cyphermox> #topic Review of pending action items

 19:32 * xnox probably was supposed to send notes

 19:32 <cyphermox> bdmurray: can we cross off your pad task?

 19:32 * xnox probably was supposed to send info for prospecting core developers

 19:33 <bdmurray> cyphermox: yeah, I started a bzr branch for the same thing

 19:33 <cyphermox> xnox: that wasn't even on the wiki, we should add it

 19:33 <cyphermox> bdmurray: ok

 19:33 * xnox probably should not have failed at adding tasks to the wiki from the meeting i chaired

 19:33 <cyphermox> anything else?

 19:34 <cyphermox> #topic Next chair

 19:34 <infinity> I assume we skipped Laney?

 19:34 <cyphermox> I think we were discussing that it was up to Laney?

 19:34 <cyphermox> maybe, yes

 19:34 <infinity> So, Laney, then Micah.

 19:35 <cyphermox> yep

 19:35 <cyphermox> #topic Any other business

 19:35 <cyphermox> anything anyone wants to add?

 19:36 <infinity> On the AOB front, it might be nice to delete the Fridge meeting and recreate one that actually has useful info and attendees.

 19:36 <infinity> Copying to calendars manually is so 1993.

 19:36 * cyphermox shrugs

 19:36 <cyphermox> first time chairing a DMB meeting, and just looking at the wiki pages to try and guess what needs to be done

 19:37 <cyphermox> does the meeting need any special access I don't have to be modified, etc?

 19:37 <infinity> I don't think any of us can edit it.

 19:38 <cyphermox> yeah, that's what I thought

 19:38 <cyphermox> #action Update Fridge meeting info

 19:38 * meetingology Update Fridge meeting info

 19:38 <cyphermox> #action Laney to chair next meeting

 19:38 * meetingology Laney to chair next meeting

 19:38 <cyphermox> is this all?

 19:39 <infinity> And someone should add unit193 to the xubuntu packageset acl.

 19:39 <infinity> I can do that.

 19:39 <cyphermox> alright

 19:40 <cyphermox> #action infinity to add unit193 to xubuntu packageset ACL

 19:40 * meetingology infinity to add unit193 to xubuntu packageset ACL

 19:40 <cyphermox> xnox: bdmurray: good to end the meeting?

 19:40 <xnox> si

 19:41 <bdmurray> aye

 19:41 <cyphermox> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)