== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting: Technical Board meeting, 28 Apr at 20:06 &mdash; 20:16 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2014/ubuntu-meeting.2014-04-28-20.06.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== action review ===
The discussion about "action review" started at 20:07.


=== Review our current "provisional" Micro Release Exceptions ===
The discussion about "Review our current "provisional" Micro Release Exceptions" started at 20:07.


=== Scan the mailing list archive for anything we missed (standing item) ===
The discussion about "Scan the mailing list archive for anything we missed (standing item)" started at 20:08.


=== Check up on community bugs (standing item) ===
The discussion about "Check up on community bugs (standing item)" started at 20:10.


=== Select a chair for the next meeting ===
The discussion about "Select a chair for the next meeting" started at 20:10.


=== AOB ===
The discussion about "AOB" started at 20:11.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * stgraber (25)
 * infinity (10)
 * slangasek (7)
 * meetingology (3)
 * kees (2)



== Full Log ==


 20:06 <stgraber> #startmeeting Technical Board meeting

 20:06 <meetingology> Meeting started Mon Apr 28 20:06:55 2014 UTC.  The chair is stgraber. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 20:06 <meetingology> 

 20:06 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 20:07 <stgraber> #topic action review

 20:07 <stgraber> None listed on the wiki

 20:07 <stgraber> #topic Review our current "provisional" Micro Release Exceptions

 20:07 <stgraber> who owns that topic? is there anything to discuss now?

 20:08 <kees> I was hoping to get help from bdmurray :)

 20:08 <kees> nothing to discuss, afaik

 20:08 <stgraber> ok, moving on then (and carrying it in the agenda)

 20:08 <stgraber> #topic Scan the mailing list archive for anything we missed (standing item)

 20:09 <stgraber> so I think the Kylin stuff got all sorted out on the list

 20:09 <slangasek> ah, hello

 20:09 <infinity> List seems mostly quiet.

 20:09 <stgraber> besides that, we had a couple of MRE requests which also seem to be discussed over there

 20:10 <stgraber> I'm not seeing anything that's not at least progressing on the list so I guess we can move on

 20:10 <slangasek> yes

 20:10 <stgraber> #topic Check up on community bugs (standing item)

 20:10 <stgraber> "

 20:10 <stgraber> There are currently no open bugs.

 20:10 <stgraber> "

 20:10 <stgraber> #topic Select a chair for the next meeting

 20:10 <stgraber> that'd be pitti

 20:10 <infinity> Again.

 20:10 <infinity> Someone should mail and remind him about it. :P

 20:11 <stgraber> I'll poke him on IRC

 20:11 <infinity> (And see if maybe our meeting slot is just horribly bad for him, we could shuffle it a bit, maybe)

 20:11 <stgraber> #topic AOB

 20:11 <stgraber> anything?

 20:11 <slangasek> so there was a point on the list a while ago that I haven't seen really get taken up

 20:12 <infinity> I'm too wrecked from release and opening to have coherent thought this week.

 20:12 <stgraber> slangasek: is that sabdfl's e-mail?

 20:12 <infinity> But we need to discuss the system image thing, at least.

 20:12 <slangasek> which was Mark's request that we look at the question of convergence

 20:12 <slangasek> yes

 20:12 <infinity> Yeah.

 20:12 <slangasek> do we just need to drive that via the list?

 20:12 <stgraber> right, I did reply to that at least, was hoping the others would too...

 20:12 <infinity> I think we need to start up some healthy debate on the list.

 20:12 <slangasek> ok

 20:13 <infinity> Current state of affairs, pros (and tons of cons) to "just doing system images for desktop as-is", and then drive to potential solutions from that obvious list of fails.

 20:13 <stgraber> so yeah, you have 47 minutes of allocated TB meeting time left to look into this and reply on the list :)

 20:13 <infinity> If nothing else, it'll improve the system image story on the phone to go through the thought exercise.

 20:16 <stgraber> I'll take that silence as a sign that there's nothing else besides that :)

 20:16 <stgraber> #endmetting

 20:16 <stgraber> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)