== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 12 Jun at 15:01 &mdash; 15:32 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2014/ubuntu-meeting.2014-06-12-15.01.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning round ===
The discussion about "Lightning round" started at 15:02.


=== AOB ===
The discussion about "AOB" started at 15:30.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * mvo (43)
 * slangasek (41)
 * xnox (37)
 * bdmurray (20)
 * stgraber (16)
 * sil2100 (15)
 * robru (10)
 * barry (10)
 * caribou (10)
 * doko (9)
 * jodh (7)
 * ubottu (6)
 * meetingology (3)
 * Laney (2)
 * cjohnston (1)



== Full Log ==


 15:01 <slangasek> #startmeeting

 15:01 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Jun 12 15:01:22 2014 UTC.  The chair is slangasek. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 15:01 <meetingology> 

 15:01 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 15:02 <slangasek> [TOPIC] Lightning round

 15:03 <slangasek> not sure who all is around given UOS, but let's see :)

 15:03 <slangasek> $ echo $(shuf -e barry doko stgraber jodh bdmurray slangasek cjwatson xnox caribou infinity mvo bhuey sil2100 robru)

 15:03 <slangasek> bdmurray doko stgraber jodh slangasek mvo sil2100 cjwatson caribou robru bhuey infinity barry xnox

 15:03 <sil2100> I'm around if anything ;)

 15:04 <xnox> \o/ win

 15:04 <mvo> lol

 15:04 <bdmurray> so we've moved to another cassandra database for errors.ubuntu.com and I've been working on that a bunch

 15:04 <bdmurray> phone call regarding cassandra database for errors

 15:04 <bdmurray> research into dpkg custom comparator for cassandra

 15:04 <bdmurray> testing of temp DSE ring with whoopsie and errors

 15:04 <bdmurray> many a conversation with thedac regarding the DSE temp ring

 15:04 <bdmurray> submitted RT regarding errors.staging.ubuntu.com cert and login failure

 15:04 <bdmurray> email to ubuntu sru team regarding new cassandra database

 15:04 <bdmurray> fixed an error with daisy not returning the OOPSID in some cases

 15:04 <bdmurray> updated errors to return more information for the phased updater

 15:04 <bdmurray> updated daisy to log more information when writing to swift

 15:04 <bdmurray> crash reporting hangout with the phonedations team

 15:04 <bdmurray> built sleep from coreutils on nexus4 (killing it does not cause a corrupt stack)

 15:04 <bdmurray> uploaded whoopsie to utopic fixing bug 1326000

 15:05 <ubottu> bug 1326000 in whoopsie (Ubuntu Trusty) "whoopsie should record OOPS ID for an uploaded crash" [Medium,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1326000

 15:05 <bdmurray> created a test case and uploaded T SRU for bug 1326000

 15:05 <bdmurray> SRU verification of bug 1326000 for trusty

 15:05 <bdmurray> worked with popey regarding an issue with whoopsie on his phone

 15:05 <bdmurray> reported whoopsie bug 1328285

 15:05 <bdmurray> reported errors bug 1328180 regarding stacktrace different from LP and errors

 15:05 <ubottu> bug 1328285 in whoopsie (Ubuntu) "can not find hardware address" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1328285

 15:05 <ubottu> bug 1328180 in Errors "retraces of unity missing information" [High,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1328180

 15:05 <bdmurray> modified phased-updater to deal for errors change regarding count

 15:05 <bdmurray> ✔ done

 15:05 <doko> - GCC updates

 15:06 <doko> - cross toolchain updates

 15:06 <doko> - GCC bug triage

 15:06 <doko> - openjdk-8 packaging, now building everywhere, still no ppc64el hotspot

 15:06 <doko> - start packaging ibm-java

 15:06 <doko> - uploaded GCC and binutils SRU's to the ubuntu-toolchain-r/ppa PPA

 15:06 <doko> - GCC default change, and reversion, currently trying to figure out the breakage

 15:06 <doko> (done)

 15:06 <stgraber> UOS sessions:

 15:06 <stgraber> - LXC demo

 15:06 <stgraber> - LXC planning

 15:06 <stgraber> - system-image for servers

 15:06 <stgraber> - LXC demo prep (unpriv containers)

 15:06 <stgraber> 

 15:06 <stgraber> LXC:

 15:06 <stgraber> - Bunch more bugfixes in preparation for 1.0.4 (hopefully later today or early tomorrow)

 15:06 <stgraber> - A lot of side discussions about LXC, libct, libcontainer, docker, ...

 15:06 <stgraber> Spending time with the major LXC users and LXC developers to figure out what's

 15:06 <stgraber> critical to them, what needs improving to develop a clear plan for LXC 2.0.

 15:06 <stgraber> 

 15:06 <stgraber> Other:

 15:06 <stgraber> - Landing team training and landing work on Wednesday

 15:06 <stgraber> - Queue reviews

 15:06 <stgraber> (DONE)

 15:07 <jodh> * foundations-1305-upstart-work-items:

 15:07 <jodh> - cgroup+async support:

 15:07 <jodh> - Identified a issue where we were not freeing memory early enough

 15:07 <jodh> (working on fix).

 15:07 <jodh> - testing on devices.

 15:07 <jodh> - Working on lp:~jamesodhunt/upstart/bug-1302117.

 15:07 <jodh> ◌

 15:10 <slangasek> that 'done' marker looks like a bullet point ;)

 15:10 <slangasek> * UOS

 15:10 <slangasek> * attended HSA Foundation face-to-face meeting on behalf of Canonical

 15:10 <slangasek> * worked on rolling back default gcc/g++ to 4.8, due to not-yet-understood ABI incompatibilities for C++ libraries built with 4.8 vs. 4.9

 15:10 <slangasek> * landing team ramp-up

 15:10 <slangasek> * reviews of various new partner packages

 15:10 <slangasek> * continued discussions about juju in LTS, coming soon to the TB

 15:10 <slangasek> * discussions around the cassandra migration

 15:10 <slangasek> (done)

 15:10 <mvo> HWE:

 15:10 <mvo> - lp:~mvo/update-manager/hwe-support-status-ui

 15:10 <mvo> add UI for the HWE Stack transition

 15:10 <mvo> - hangout status meeting

 15:10 <mvo> - Add --show-replacement-options to hwe-support-status

 15:10 <mvo> - Upload precise-proposed candidates to ppa:mvo/hwe-eol

 15:10 <mvo> - work on update-motd

 15:10 <mvo> apt:

 15:10 <mvo> - CVE-2014-0478

 15:10 <mvo> - Bugfix/lp1324399-pty-stdin

 15:10 <mvo> - Feature/drop-rights

 15:10 <mvo> - Feature/enum-srcrec allow iterating over all SourceRecords

 15:10 <mvo> - Fix apt-helper download-file short-description/description

 15:10 <mvo> - Fix autopkgtest failure in utopic

 15:10 <mvo> - backport apt-ftparchive srccachedb feature to trusty (in git)

 15:10 <ubottu> ** RESERVED ** This candidate has been reserved by an organization or individual that will use it when announcing a new security problem.  When the candidate has been publicized, the details for this candidate will be provided. (http://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2014-0478)

 15:10 <mvo> - backport fixes for #1274466 (ftparchive on disk format changed), #1324399 (apt-get stdin redirect problem)

 15:11 <mvo> - new utopic upload

 15:11 <mvo> - lp:~mvo/apt-clone/lp1309447

 15:11 <mvo> python-apt:

 15:11 <mvo> - Add config.h style feature test (feature/pyconfigure)

 15:11 <mvo> - Patch review, ML

 15:11 <mvo> - Work on feedback from didrocks feature/didrocks

 15:11 <mvo> aptdaemon:

 15:11 <mvo> - SRU for #1324833

 15:11 <mvo> - Upload new version (bzr snapshot)

 15:11 <mvo> - Debug/fix autopkgtest failure

 15:11 <mvo> click:

 15:11 <mvo> - Address review comments from colin

 15:11 <mvo> - lp:~mvo/click/fix-jenkins

 15:11 <mvo> - lp:~mvo/click/more-integration-tests2

 15:11 <mvo> misc:

 15:11 <mvo> - UOS

 15:11 <mvo> - Lp:~mvo/update-notifier/use-apt-helper  to ensure package-data-downloader uses

 15:11 <mvo> the same network settings (proxy etc) as apt

 15:11 <mvo> - debconf travel preparing

 15:11 <mvo> (done)

 15:12 <sil2100> o/

 15:12 <sil2100> (sorry, I had to host a hangout)

 15:12 <sil2100> - Preparing for UOS

 15:12 <sil2100> - Help with CI Train bootcamp

 15:12 <sil2100> - Discussing QA procedures for autopilot failures in smoketesting

 15:12 <sil2100> - Finishing some unfinished ubuntu-keyboard work (enhance autocomplete, sound setting)

 15:12 <sil2100> - Working on CI Train bot enhancements

 15:12 <sil2100> - Preparing commit-log auto generation (discussions and filling in RT)

 15:12 <sil2100> - Participating in UOS!

 15:12 <sil2100> - Work on improvements for CI Train (still in progress): auto-m&c, changelog formatting, c

 15:12 <sil2100> hangelog modifications

 15:12 <sil2100> - Analyzing test failures visible in smoketesting: assessing actions needed

 15:12 <sil2100> - Preparation for lucene++ push to Debian

 15:12 <sil2100> (done)

 15:14 <slangasek> cjohnston:

 15:14 <slangasek> eh

 15:14 <slangasek> cjwatson:

 15:14 <cjohnston> eh

 15:14 <xnox> blame canada!

 15:15 <caribou> xnox: don't touch Canada, we're everywhere ;-)

 15:16 <robru> wow I have 10 million pings this morning. sorry I'm late

 15:16 <slangasek> caribou: ok, cjwatson isn't here, you're up

 15:16 <caribou> tried to keep up with UOS : failed

 15:16 <slangasek> robru!  welcome

 15:16 <caribou> mostly busy with Qemu/kvm Core dump from custom built sources that causes problem

 15:17 <caribou> & building a test system

 15:17 <caribou> (done)

 15:17 <robru> one sec

 15:17 <xnox> weekly progress check on the DM

 15:18 <slangasek> the DM?

 15:18 <xnox> caribou: hm, did you do step 4 account creation? -> filing the bug report with doing "jetring changeset" the one thing I'm glad I'll never have to do again =)

 15:18 <caribou> slangasek: Debian Maintainer application

 15:19 <slangasek> caribou: oh, so xnox is poking you about your DM application? :)

 15:19 <xnox> aka Debian Maintainer that have PPU =)

 15:19 <caribou> xnox: I was hoping to, but got sidetrack by *important* things

 15:19 <caribou> I'm also waiting for some more endorsements for my PPU application

 15:19 <robru> alright, my turn?

 15:19 <xnox> caribou: i'm not endorsing your PPU, as I'm one of the people who will be voting on it... =)

 15:20 <caribou> xnox: yeah, I know, I wasn't waiting for your

 15:20 <caribou> s

 15:20 <xnox> caribou: would be cheating to +1 ahead of call for voting

 15:21 <slangasek> robru: yes, your turn

 15:21 <robru> * led CI Train bootcamp for barry & stgraber

 15:21 <robru> * UOS of course

 15:21 <robru> * been working on a web frontend for a new CI Airline component with fginther and thomi

 15:21 <robru> - evaluating JS frameworks

 15:21 <robru> - decided tentitively on angular & d3.

 15:21 <robru> * helping webapps people with some packaging issues

 15:21 <robru> done

 15:22 <slangasek> xnox: who says the DMB can't write endorsements?

 15:22 <slangasek> that's not a conflict of interest

 15:22 <xnox> slangasek: who says DMB members can't make up the rules they want? e.g. Laney doesn't vote on applications from colleagues on his team at $work =)

 15:23 <slangasek> robru: thanks

 15:23 <Laney> what?

 15:23 <slangasek> bhuey not here

 15:23 <slangasek> infinity not here

 15:23 <Laney> I've definitely written endorsements before

 15:23 <slangasek> barry:

 15:23 <barry> phone: LP: #1324241.  py3 autopilot ports/updates: dialer-app, mediaplayer-app, messaging-app.  review/discuss with janimo for system-image contribution.

 15:23 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1324241 in Ubuntu system image "Collect code coverage" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1324241

 15:23 <barry> debuntu: virtualenv 1.11.6-1, 1.11.6-2. pip 1.5.6-2. flufl.enum 4.0.1-1.  looked at python3.4.1-6 utopic-proposed blockage.

 15:23 <barry> other: UOS.  discussions w/qa team regarding code coverage collection.  reviewed lp:~xnox/lazr.restfulclient/py3.  reviewed mp for LP: 1170063.  monkeytraining for the ci-train landing team - there's a new banana-eating sheriff in town.

 15:23 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1170063 in Storm "Storm crashes on recent psycopg2" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1170063

 15:23 <xnox> Laney: sure, I'd vote on anyone, but I'd rather not endorse.

 15:23 <barry> done

 15:23 <xnox> barry: banana! =)

 15:24 <mvo> banana?!?

 15:24 * xnox loves Despicable Me

 15:24 <barry> monkey push buttons, monkey get banana

 15:24 <slangasek> xnox: well, that represents a genuine conflict of interest (though I don't necessarily agree with that method of resolving it); whereas not voting for someone's application just because you also have enough information about their work to endorse them... :)

 15:24 <mvo> lol

 15:24 * mvo hugs barry

 15:24 <slangasek> xnox: also, you're up :)

 15:24 <xnox> * Ubuntu Emulator:

 15:24 <xnox> - proposed patch for ubuntu-emulator to offer "--recovery" option

 15:24 <xnox> for the run command (merged)

 15:24 <xnox> - proposed patch to get generic/generic_x86 recovery initramfs

 15:24 <xnox> actually bootable (not merged yet)

 15:24 <barry> mvo: oo oo ah ah

 15:24 <xnox> - have a prototype that allows emulator to communicate with the host

 15:24 <xnox> and thus trigger shutdown, reboot, reboot recovery.

 15:24 <xnox> - proposed a patch to feed IMEI numbers into the emulator's sim

 15:24 <xnox> modem

 15:24 <xnox> * Cross-building:

 15:24 <xnox> - succumbed golang to cross-build things that use cgo extensions to

 15:24 <xnox> call into c/c++ code

 15:24 <xnox> - blog about the same

 15:24 <xnox> - submitted patch to upstream to honor PKG_CONFIG environmental

 15:24 <xnox> variable

 15:25 <xnox> * UOS:

 15:25 <xnox> - Presented at two sessions. One about getting into Ubuntu

 15:25 <xnox> development and the other one about systemd. systemd was really

 15:25 <xnox> good one =) long time, no chat with the server team.

 15:25 <slangasek> barry: what came of the discussions with qa about code coverage collection?  is the path forward understood?

 15:25 <xnox> * Timeoff:

 15:25 <xnox> - I'll be away most of next week. Flying out to Portland on Monday,

 15:25 <xnox> returning on Thursday. Working on Friday. I should have

 15:25 <xnox> intermittent internet connectivity throughout.

 15:25 <xnox> ..

 15:25 <xnox> barry: i wonna hear your stories about being python release manager =)

 15:25 <xnox> barry: should be more entertaining than landings, no?

 15:25 <barry> xnox: oh do i have stories

 15:25 <slangasek> barry: (I saw that the QA weekly report slanderously claims that there's been no progress on system-image QA for 7 weeks, even though they only first talked to us 2 weeks ago ;)

 15:25 <doko> xnox, he only can apply for 3.6 ...

 15:27 <barry> slangasek: there have been discussions on the qa list, and i've given my feedback, but i've not seen any definitive decisions, but i suspect i'm not being cc'd on every response.  i am going to help those guys land dependent packages in debian and ubuntu once they identify them, file bugs, and write the blueprint, so they can make progress on writing the prototype

 15:27 <slangasek> ok

 15:28 <barry> slangasek: i have no idea why they would say that.  in any case, i do plan on returning to the coverage branch today.  subprocs started through dbus-launch make things interesting

 15:28 <mvo> barry: yeah, we had similar issues with click

 15:29 <mvo> barry: not sure if our branch is helpful for you or if its too different in the approaches taken

 15:29 <barry> mvo: interesting!  let's talk after the meeting

 15:29 <mvo> barry: yeah, happy to have a look and discuss this

 15:29 <slangasek> \o/

 15:29 <slangasek> any other questions over status?

 15:30 <slangasek> [TOPIC] AOB

 15:30 <slangasek> or anything else, at all? :)

 15:32 <slangasek> bueller

 15:32 <slangasek> bueller

 15:32 <slangasek> (xnox: do you know this reference!)

 15:32 <slangasek> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)