== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting: Community Council, 03 Apr at 16:59 &mdash; 17:39 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2014/ubuntu-meeting.2014-04-03-16.59.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/CommunityCouncilAgenda 
=== Doc team check-in ===
The discussion about "Doc team check-in" started at 17:04.


=== Any other Business ===
The discussion about "Any other Business" started at 17:34.

  * ''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/CommunityCouncilAgenda#Team_catch-up has the current list



== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * pleia2 (44)
 * belkinsa (23)
 * dholbach (22)
 * GunnarHj (21)
 * elfy (18)
 * mhall119 (9)
 * czajkowski (6)
 * meetingology (4)



== Full Log ==


 16:59 <pleia2> #startmeeting Community Council

 16:59 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Apr  3 16:59:47 2014 UTC.  The chair is pleia2. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:59 <meetingology> 

 16:59 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 16:59 <pleia2> #chair mhall119 elfy

 16:59 <meetingology> Current chairs: elfy mhall119 pleia2

 17:00 * mhall119 is here

 17:00 * elfy is too

 17:01 <pleia2> today on the schedule we have quick check-ins with the Doc team and QA team, we'll wait a couple minutes to see if more CC folks drift in

 17:01 <pleia2> https://wiki.ubuntu.com/CommunityCouncilAgenda

 17:02 <mhall119> cprofitt: meeting time

 17:02 <mhall119> I know dholbach wasn't going to be here, and czajkowski is setting up for an event so may not be

 17:03 <GunnarHj> o/

 17:03 <belkinsa> o/ and I'm for the Doc Team.  GunnarHj is too.

 17:04 <pleia2> alright, let's get rolling

 17:04 <pleia2> #topic Doc team check-in

 17:04 <dholbach> yep, back again

 17:04 <pleia2> hello Doc team friends! how are things going this cycle?

 17:04 <dholbach> sorry for being a bit late

 17:05 <GunnarHj> We have been missing a driver for the desktop guide.

 17:05 * pleia2 switches hats

 17:05 <dholbach> hello GunnarHj :)

 17:05 <pleia2> I've tried to help nudge things along by helping with writing calls, but having more folks willing to push Desktop stuff forward would really help

 17:05 <GunnarHj> dholbach: Hi

 17:06 <dholbach> a driver being somebody who's aware of the bug situation, reviews merge proposals and things like that?

 17:06 <mhall119> pleia2: GunnarHj: is it particularly difficult or otherwise putting people of from trying to do it?

 17:06 <pleia2> the getting involved docs have improved a lot, recruitment itself is just down

 17:07 <GunnarHj> Fixing bugs and handling MPs works.

 17:07 <GunnarHj> But keeping up to date with news and taking responsibility for the docs update has not worked well.

 17:08 <mhall119> how are the current contributors being promoted/praised for their work?

 17:08 <pleia2> we also have the typical problem of FFes hitting us hard, Ubuntu One is the big nusiance this time - thanks to GunnarHj for being on top of that

 17:09 <pleia2> I wish they could have told us a month ago :)

 17:09 <belkinsa> Agreed.

 17:09 <dholbach> oh yeah, I can imagine :-/

 17:09 <GunnarHj> mhall119: I'm biased, but I think we show that they are welcome and that their work is appreciated.

 17:09 <mhall119> GunnarHj: I was thinking more externally and publicly

 17:10 <dholbach> are reviews of the docs and/or updates of the TODO list something which is discussed in regular meetings?

 17:10 <pleia2> I think what we really need is a Desktop Champion, who herds cats and makes sure we're on top of calls for Doc review and things

 17:10 <mhall119> it might help recruitment if others see the current contributors getting that kind of recognition

 17:10 <elfy> so - it's mostly recruitment and 'it's cycle end' issues again?

 17:10 <GunnarHj> pleia2: Right, Desktop champion, driver or whatever...

 17:10 <pleia2> elfy: yeah, but technical process wise I think we've got packaging and translations stuff down, finally :)

 17:10 <elfy> I think recruitment is not easy for anyone that I've had much to do with lately to be honest

 17:11 * elfy has a bucket full of his own like that

 17:11 <mhall119> docs are typically a challenge for recruiting, in my experience

 17:11 <mhall119> for any project

 17:11 <elfy> mhall119: yep agreed

 17:11 <GunnarHj> I also think we should ask ourselves if it's motivated to maintain both the desktop guide and the Ubuntu manual separately, considering that we are short of contributors. But that should better be discussed among the docs people first, I suppose.

 17:12 * pleia2 nods

 17:12 <pleia2> we did have a successful Doc Day where we intermingled Doc and Manual sessions, that was nice :)

 17:12 <belkinsa> I agree there.  Maybe another meeting might be needed in the near time.

 17:12 <pleia2> everyone does seem willing to work together

 17:13 <pleia2> dholbach: we haven't really had regular meetings

 17:13 <dholbach> pleia2, do you think having regular doc days would help?

 17:13 <pleia2> dholbach: I don't know, they're a lot of work to put on

 17:13 <pleia2> it didn't really seem to increase contributors either :\

 17:13 <belkinsa> And maybe Global Jams early the cycle?

 17:13 <dholbach> pleia2, in terms of organising the todo list?

 17:14 <pleia2> dholbach: to get terms right, doc days were a user-facing thing in Classroom; meetings are internal team things

 17:14 <pleia2> I think regular meetings would be useful

 17:14 <GunnarHj> pleia2: Agree.

 17:14 <belkinsa> Once a month?  As in those?

 17:14 <pleia2> I organized a couple during the cycle, but I have too much on my plate and didn't do a great job of it :)

 17:15 <elfy> I rarely see anything about docs - unless I actually go digging - doesn't appear to be much publically happening

 17:15 <dholbach> pleia2, would it help to set up a schedule with assigned chair for the meetings?

 17:15 <elfy> on planet for instance

 17:15 <pleia2> elfy: yeah, pretty sure my post from February is the only one recently

 17:16 <elfy> mmm - that would help raise awareness

 17:16 <pleia2> anyway, aside from the standard kind of recruitment issues, I think things are going well compared to where we were a year ago

 17:16 <GunnarHj> I think that regular meetings would be valuable to start with.

 17:16 <pleia2> the team is much more open, we do have new contributors

 17:16 <belkinsa> Agreed.  I could help organize them.

 17:17 <pleia2> belkinsa: thanks!

 17:17 <dholbach> awesome :-D

 17:17 <belkinsa> Not a problem and I think at least three per cycle is the idea i have in mind.

 17:17 <elfy> I'd say that maybe blogging and getting it on Planet would help

 17:17 <dholbach> do you think it'd help to have a standing agenda item in desktop team's meetings about docs?

 17:17 <pleia2> elfy: yeah

 17:18 <pleia2> dholbach: yes, we've really struggled to get anyone from teams to talk to us

 17:18 <elfy> so could we help with that?

 17:18 <GunnarHj> elfy: Maybe.

 17:18 <pleia2> rickspencer offered to help at the last vUDS, but it was too late in the cycle (I'll reach out to him again in a few months)

 17:19 <GunnarHj> In the long run I think that contacts with the desktop team and others ought to be responsibilty of 'the Champion'

 17:20 <dholbach> pleia2, maybe it'd help to raise it with seb128/jasoncwarner so they add it to their meeting agendas and note down things which might be of interest for the docs team?

 17:20 <pleia2> dholbach: yeah, that'd be great

 17:20 <belkinsa> A thought (before I lose it): you think using Trello, the to do list, help the doc team?

 17:21 <elfy> do you use it now belkinsa ?

 17:21 <belkinsa> No.

 17:21 <elfy> personally I use it for xubuntu qa and found it very useful

 17:22 <elfy> it's not a public one - but all the qa team have access to it

 17:22 <belkinsa> Yeah, that's my idea is to have a team only one.

 17:22 <elfy> belkinsa: I'd certainly try it

 17:22 <belkinsa> Because I think the meeting bot action items (blueprints) don't help that well.

 17:22 <belkinsa> I will.

 17:23 <dholbach> Are there any other things in the project you'd like to improve?

 17:23 <dholbach> Or are there things which went really well this cycle?

 17:24 <belkinsa> Cleaning up the wiki was a failure.  I tried to organize a jam but I lost tack of time and forgot the jam is this weekend.

 17:25 <GunnarHj> belkinsa: But the wiki is not tied to cycles, so it's just keep going with it.

 17:25 <belkinsa> GunnarHj, right.  Duh.

 17:25 <GunnarHj> ;)

 17:26 <GunnarHj> dsmythies does a great job behind the scenes to make things work technically.

 17:26 <GunnarHj> Both with the desktop guide and the server guide.

 17:26 <dholbach> cleaning the wiki would make jcastro happy :)

 17:26 <pleia2> belkinsa: I wouldn't say it was a failure :) a lot of work got done, we added more admins and brought in the PopularPages team who've been doing a lot

 17:27 <pleia2> dholbach: this is help.ubuntu.com, not wiki.o.o

 17:27 <belkinsa> pleia2, I guess you are right.  A lot of work was done.

 17:27 <dholbach> still he'd be happy :-)

 17:28 <GunnarHj> dholbach: What more exactly is it he is after?

 17:28 <GunnarHj> dholbach: Mass deletion of outdated pages?

 17:28 <czajkowski> aloha

 17:28 <belkinsa> Hey there, czajkowski.

 17:29 <elfy> hi czajkowski

 17:29 <czajkowski> sorry for being late at another event

 17:29 <GunnarHj> dholbach: The general problem with the wiki is that the docs team members usually don't have the expertise needed to dig into the contents.

 17:29 <dholbach> GunnarHj, yes - he gave a lightning talk at a UDS some years ago in which he got very passionate about removing outdated/misleading information :)

 17:31 <dholbach> GunnarHj, I can imagine - it'd probably need to be in conjunction with members of other teams

 17:31 <belkinsa> GunnarHj, I agree and the only way is to have is a Global Jam.

 17:31 <belkinsa> Or that.

 17:32 <pleia2> thanks for coming GunnarHj and belkinsa :)

 17:32 <GunnarHj> Whichever method, it needs to be organized somehow. So regular meetings may help also there.

 17:32 <belkinsa> Not a problem.

 17:33 * belkinsa nods

 17:33 <pleia2> anyone here from the QA team?

 17:33 <GunnarHj> np

 17:33 <elfy> thanks for coming along belkinsa GunnarHj

 17:33 <dholbach> thanks a lot, and thanks for your tireless work!

 17:33 <pleia2> balloons: about?

 17:33 * elfy prepares sharp needle ...

 17:34 <dholbach> :-)

 17:34 <pleia2> no one responded when we told them about the meeting, so I'm not holding my breath

 17:34 <belkinsa> Your welcome and thank you for this check-in meeting.

 17:34 <pleia2> we can move on to AoB and see if anyone shows up in the meantime

 17:34 <czajkowski> thank belkinsa GunnarHj for coming

 17:34 <pleia2> #topic Any other Business

 17:35 <elfy> pleia2: tbh - I don't even know who the QA team is ...

 17:35 <pleia2> elfy: I had hoped it would be *bigger* now that QA and Bug folks were working together so closely

 17:36 <belkinsa> I have a question.  What teams are required to go through this check-in?

 17:36 <czajkowski> belkinsa: any of the elected coucils we over see

 17:36 <czajkowski> and then ones we'e  had request for a catch up

 17:36 <czajkowski> *we've

 17:36 <belkinsa> Okay, thank you.

 17:36 <pleia2> https://wiki.ubuntu.com/CommunityCouncilAgenda#Team_catch-up has the current list

 17:36 <dholbach> belkinsa, we started out with our governance boards, then added the flavour teams and then some additional teams: https://wiki.ubuntu.com/CommunityCouncilAgenda hast a list

 17:37 <pleia2> anyone have anything else?

 17:38 <dholbach> I'm all set

 17:39 <pleia2> ok, thanks everyone

 17:39 <pleia2> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)