== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 19 May at 16:44 &mdash; 17:11 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2014/ubuntu-meeting.2014-05-19-16.44.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting 
=== Announcements ===
The discussion about "Announcements" started at 16:45.


=== Weekly stand-up report ===
The discussion about "Weekly stand-up report" started at 16:46.


=== Highlighted packages ===
The discussion about "Highlighted packages" started at 17:04.

  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/ruby-parser.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/ruby-i18n.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/maven.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/transifex-client.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/openarena.html 

=== Miscellaneous and Questions ===
The discussion about "Miscellaneous and Questions" started at 17:05.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * jdstrand (40)
 * chrisccoulson (9)
 * sbeattie (8)
 * jjohansen (6)
 * sarnold (4)
 * meetingology (3)
 * ubottu (1)



== Full Log ==


 16:44 <jdstrand> #startmeeting

 16:44 <meetingology> Meeting started Mon May 19 16:44:44 2014 UTC.  The chair is jdstrand. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:44 <meetingology> 

 16:44 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 16:45 <jdstrand> The meeting agenda can be found at:

 16:45 <jdstrand> [LINK] https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting

 16:45 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Announcements

 16:45 <jdstrand> Thanks to Benjamin Drung (bdrung) who provided debdiffs for trusty for vlc (LP: #1276650). Your work is very much appreciated and will keep Ubuntu users secure. Great job!

 16:45 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1276650 in vlc (Ubuntu) "please update VLC to version 2.1.3" [Wishlist,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1276650

 16:46 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Weekly stand-up report

 16:46 <jdstrand> I'll go first

 16:46 <jdstrand> I will be travelling to the client apps sprint this week and preparing/attending that

 16:46 <jdstrand> I'm in the happy place

 16:47 <jdstrand> I'm not sure what the apps team has planned for me, so I'm not sure if I'll get to other items or not

 16:47 <jdstrand> but I am working on a nova update and will be working on various may work items

 16:47 <jdstrand> mdes laur is out

 16:47 <jdstrand> sbeattie: you're up

 16:48 <sbeattie> I'm again working on the compiler hardening default stuff.

 16:49 <jdstrand> how is that going?

 16:49 <sbeattie> I've got the stack-protector-strong stuff in a place where I'm happy with it, as well as have updates for gcc's tests to cope with some failures that are being triggered by our defaults.

 16:50 <jdstrand> nice

 16:50 <sbeattie> I'll working on getting a patch for -pie by default on amd64

 16:50 <sbeattie> err, I'll _be_ working ...

 16:51 <sbeattie> I'll also be prepping more for the sprint next week

 16:51 <sbeattie> I think that's it for me.

 16:51 <sbeattie> tyhicks?

 16:51 <jdstrand> tyhicks is off

 16:51 <sbeattie> Oh, doh, tyhicks is not here today. jjohansen, I think you're up?

 16:52 <jjohansen> I am working on apparmor this week. I have several bugs that I need to continue investigating/fixing (1319984, a ptrace issue in the touch kernels, 1317545, ...)

 16:52 <jjohansen> I have some fixes for the goldfish kernel that I need to spin into the other touch kernels

 16:54 <jdstrand> jjohansen: is there any more you need from me regarding touch kernels as of today?

 16:54 <jjohansen> and of course I'll try to get back to updating my cache improvements (caching multiple kernels, ...), so that they can be handed off

 16:55 <jjohansen> jdstrand: no not atm, I need to finish chasing down what is going on with what I have, once I have a new kernel I will ping you

 16:55 <jdstrand> perfect

 16:55 <jjohansen> of and I need to stay active on the upstream cross rename stuff, and get ready for the sprint next week

 16:56 <jjohansen> that is it for me sarnold you're up

 16:57 <sarnold> I'm on community this week

 16:57 <sarnold> I'm still working on the QRT django test script

 16:58 <sarnold> I think that's it for me; it'd be nice to be rid of that test script but it's consistently been more work than I've assumed so far

 16:59 <sarnold> chrisccoulson, you're up if you're here :)

 16:59 <chrisccoulson> hi, I'm here :)

 17:00 <chrisccoulson> this week, I shall be working through my oxide review queue

 17:00 <chrisccoulson> also, getting firefox 29.0.1 out

 17:00 <jdstrand> chrisccoulson: is that the one with the pdf printing fix?

 17:00 <chrisccoulson> jdstrand, it is

 17:00 <jdstrand> ok, cool. that has affected me :)

 17:00 <chrisccoulson> aha

 17:01 <chrisccoulson> I think that's it for me

 17:01 <jdstrand> chrisccoulson: that will include the UA fix too?

 17:01 <chrisccoulson> jdstrand, that's not firefox. it's ubufox

 17:02 <jdstrand> ah. I guess that is an extremely small change

 17:02 <jdstrand> that is for this week?

 17:02 <chrisccoulson> yeah, it can be

 17:02 * jdstrand got asked about it

 17:02 <jdstrand> chrisccoulson: if you could, that would be great

 17:03 <jdstrand> chrisccoulson: perhaps we should add that to https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/ReleaseCycle?

 17:03 <chrisccoulson> jdstrand, yeah, possibly. It gets forgotten about every cycle

 17:03 * jdstrand nods

 17:04 <jdstrand> if it doesn't have to be us, there is also https://wiki.ubuntu.com/NewReleaseCycleProcess

 17:04 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Highlighted packages

 17:04 <jdstrand> The Ubuntu Security team will highlight some community-supported packages that might be good candidates for updating and or triaging. If you would like to help Ubuntu and not sure where to start, this is a great way to do so.

 17:04 <jdstrand> See https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/UpdateProcedures for details and if you have any questions, feel free to ask in #ubuntu-security. To find out other ways of helping out, please see https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/GettingInvolved.

 17:05 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/ruby-parser.html

 17:05 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/ruby-i18n.html

 17:05 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/maven.html

 17:05 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/transifex-client.html

 17:05 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/openarena.html

 17:05 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Miscellaneous and Questions

 17:05 <jdstrand> Does anyone have any other questions or items to discuss?

 17:11 <jdstrand> sbeattie, jjohansen, sarnold, chrisccoulson: thanks!

 17:11 <jdstrand> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)