== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting: ubuntu-server-team, 27 May at 16:00 &mdash; 16:16 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2014/ubuntu-meeting.2014-05-27-16.00.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Review ACTION points from previous meeting ===
The discussion about "Review ACTION points from previous meeting" started at 16:00.


=== Utopic Development ===
The discussion about "Utopic Development" started at 16:01.

  * ''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/UtopicUnicorn/ReleaseSchedule 
 * '''Release Bugs''' (16:01)
  * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-u-tracking-bug-tasks.html#ubuntu-server 
 * '''Blueprints''' (16:04)
  * ''LINK:'' http://status.ubuntu.com/ubuntu-t/group/topic-u-servercloud-overview.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://status.ubuntu.com/ubuntu-u/group/topic-u-server.html 
  * ''LINK:'' https://blueprints.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+spec/topic-u-server 

=== Server & Cloud Bugs (caribou) ===
The discussion about "Server & Cloud Bugs (caribou)" started at 16:06.


=== Weekly Updates & Questions for the QA Team (psivaa) ===
The discussion about "Weekly Updates & Questions for the QA Team (psivaa)" started at 16:09.


=== Weekly Updates & Questions for the Kernel Team (smb, sforshee) ===
The discussion about "Weekly Updates & Questions for the Kernel Team (smb, sforshee)" started at 16:11.


=== Ubuntu Server Team Events ===
The discussion about "Ubuntu Server Team Events" started at 16:12.


=== Open Discussion ===
The discussion about "Open Discussion" started at 16:13.


=== Announce next meeting date and time ===
The discussion about "Announce next meeting date and time" started at 16:15.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * matsubara (41)
 * caribou (10)
 * meetingology (3)
 * arosales (1)
 * smoser (1)
 * coreycb (1)
 * gnuoy (1)
 * beisner (1)
 * lutostag (1)
 * rharper (1)



== Full Log ==


 16:00 <matsubara> #startmeeting ubuntu-server-team

 16:00 <meetingology> Meeting started Tue May 27 16:00:17 2014 UTC.  The chair is matsubara. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:00 <meetingology> 

 16:00 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 16:00 <matsubara> Hello, welcome to this week Ubuntu server team meeting!

 16:00 <beisner> o/   hi

 16:00 <rharper> \o

 16:00 <matsubara> #topic Review ACTION points from previous meeting

 16:01 <matsubara> No previous (May 20th) actions to follow up on.

 16:01 <matsubara> #topic Utopic Development

 16:01 <matsubara> #link https://wiki.ubuntu.com/UtopicUnicorn/ReleaseSchedule

 16:01 <coreycb> o/

 16:01 <smoser> o/

 16:01 <lutostag> o/

 16:01 <matsubara> #subtopic Release Bugs

 16:02 <matsubara> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-u-tracking-bug-tasks.html#ubuntu-server

 16:02 <matsubara> (first time chairing this meeting so bear with me)

 16:02 <matsubara> some juju bugs there that need triage

 16:03 <matsubara> and another bug assigned to Ben with no status

 16:03 <matsubara> oh, actually it's invalid.

 16:04 <matsubara> #subtopic Blueprints

 16:04 <matsubara> #link http://status.ubuntu.com/ubuntu-t/group/topic-u-servercloud-overview.html

 16:04 <matsubara> that's a 404

 16:04 <matsubara> http://status.ubuntu.com/ubuntu-u/group/topic-u-server.html

 16:04 <matsubara> this one should be the right one

 16:05 <matsubara> looking good, some progress being made towards utopic.

 16:05 <matsubara> If anyone wants to raise something, please do stop me :-)

 16:05 <matsubara> #link https://blueprints.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+spec/topic-u-server

 16:06 <matsubara> everyone, please keep your work items updated to reflect in the status.ubuntu.com page above...

 16:06 <matsubara> #topic Server & Cloud Bugs (caribou)

 16:07 <matsubara> caribou, anything from you today?

 16:07 <caribou> matsubara: not a bug but I've been working on improving the kernel crash dump functionality

 16:07 <caribou> more precisely on networked kernel dumps

 16:07 <caribou> there is a test PPA available.

 16:08 <caribou> aside from that, nothing particular

 16:08 <matsubara> caribou, thanks, if you can paste the link to the PPA, I'll include it in the meeting minutes

 16:09 <caribou> matsubara: ppa:louis-bouchard/networked-kdump

 16:09 <matsubara> thanks

 16:09 <matsubara> #topic Weekly Updates & Questions for the QA Team (psivaa)

 16:09 <matsubara> psivaa-sprint, anything from you guys sprinting?

 16:11 <matsubara> moving on

 16:11 <matsubara> #topic Weekly Updates & Questions for the Kernel Team (smb, sforshee)

 16:11 <matsubara> no smb or sforshee today

 16:12 <matsubara> #topic Ubuntu Server Team Events

 16:12 <matsubara> Any upcoming server team event?

 16:13 <matsubara> ok, moving on

 16:13 <matsubara> #topic Open Discussion

 16:13 <matsubara> If you have anything server team related to raise, now is the time. :-)

 16:14 <caribou> matsubara: details about my kdump work : http://caribou.kamikamamak.com/2014/05/20/remote-kernel-crash-dump-for-debian-and-ubuntu/

 16:14 <caribou> btw, I created a blueprint for this but now I realize that it will not be required

 16:14 <caribou> as the enhancement will come in Debian first

 16:14 <matsubara> thanks caribou. I'll make sure to publish that as well. Is there any action you need someone in the server team to take related to that?

 16:15 <caribou> no not atm

 16:15 <matsubara> caribou, ok. thanks for the update!

 16:15 <matsubara> #topic Announce next meeting date and time

 16:16 <matsubara> Next meeting on the 3rd of June, same bat time. Thanks for joining.

 16:16 <arosales> matsubara, thanks for charing :-)

 16:16 <gnuoy> thanks matsubara

 16:16 <caribou> thank matsubara

 16:16 <matsubara> you're welcome.

 16:16 <matsubara> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)