== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 18 Sep at 17:00 &mdash; 17:46 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2014/ubuntu-meeting.2014-09-18-17.00.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Catching up with the IRC Council ===
The discussion about "Catching up with the IRC Council" started at 17:01.


=== Tardiness ===
The discussion about "Tardiness" started at 17:13.


=== IRC Council catchup ===
The discussion about "IRC Council catchup" started at 17:13.


=== Any other business ===
The discussion about "Any other business" started at 17:44.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * dholbach (48)
 * hggdh (45)
 * elfy (39)
 * YokoZar (13)
 * pleia2 (9)
 * mhall119 (8)
 * meetingology (6)
 * DalekSec (1)



== Full Log ==


 17:00 <dholbach> #startmeeting

 17:00 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Sep 18 17:00:43 2014 UTC.  The chair is dholbach. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 17:00 <meetingology> 

 17:00 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 17:01 <dholbach> @chairs pleia2 elfy YokoZar

 17:01 <meetingology> dholbach: Error: "chairs" is not a valid command.

 17:01 <dholbach> #chairs pleia2 elfy YokoZar

 17:01 <dholbach> hum

 17:01 <elfy> mmmmmmm

 17:01 <dholbach> #chair pleia2 elfy YokoZar

 17:01 <meetingology> Current chairs: YokoZar dholbach elfy pleia2

 17:01 <elfy> how long for dholbach ?

 17:01 <dholbach> aha!

 17:01 <dholbach> #topic Catching up with the IRC Council

 17:01 <dholbach> do we have anyone here from the IRC Council? :)

 17:02 <pleia2> o/

 17:02 <YokoZar> Hello then

 17:04 <pleia2> Tm_T, Pici, hggdh, AlanBell - any of you around?

 17:05 <dholbach> pleia2, you were quicker - I was just looking at https://launchpad.net/~ubuntu-irc-council/+members :)

 17:05 <pleia2> :)

 17:05 <pleia2> anyone else here from the IRC team with any thoughts, comments, concerns about the IRC team?

 17:07 <YokoZar> hmmm

 17:07 <dholbach> I just pinged folks in #ubuntu-irc

 17:07 <dholbach> maybe in the meantime I can bring up something different real quick

 17:07 <dholbach> I started the review of https://code.launchpad.net/~knome/config/planet-ubuntu/+merge/232014

 17:08 <dholbach> it'd be great if anyone else could help with this as well

 17:08 <dholbach> just so we don't accidentally drop folks form the planet configuration

 17:08 <elfy> I saw that

 17:09 <elfy> managed a quick look - I'll be able to spend a bit of time on it tomorrow

 17:09 <dholbach> thanks a lot

 17:09 <dholbach> I'll make sure I review the rest of it as well

 17:09 <dholbach> it took me a while to understand that a lot of the entries were just being rearranged and not dropped entirely :)

 17:10 <elfy> that was where I'd come unstuck - so you saying that will help :)

 17:10 <YokoZar> I'll take a look today too

 17:11 <dholbach> brilliant, thanks

 17:11 <dholbach> ok... looks like nobody from the IRC team is around right now

 17:12 <dholbach> shall we reschedule?

 17:12 <YokoZar> I think so

 17:12 <elfy> sounds good to me

 17:13 <YokoZar> #topic Tardiness

 17:13 <hggdh> pleia2: here

 17:13 <elfy> that - or drop them a line and see what's up

 17:13 <dholbach> ah, hello hggdh!

 17:13 <elfy> hi hggdh :)

 17:13 <hggdh> dholbach: hi, long time :-)

 17:13 <YokoZar> #topic IRC Council catchup

 17:13 <dholbach> how are you doing?

 17:13 <dholbach> how's life?

 17:13 <hggdh> elfy: cheers

 17:14 <hggdh> life is good, but rather busy :-). Been to Germany, but just the Bavaria

 17:14 <dholbach> ah nice - I'm going to be in Bavaria quite soon myself :)

 17:14 <dholbach> how are things in IRC land?

 17:15 <hggdh> seems stable. We -- the IRCC -- have been quite busy in our lives-outside-IRC. I have not seen any issues lately

 17:16 <hggdh> except for SamwiseGamgee fallouts

 17:16 <elfy> yep

 17:16 <elfy> I've kind of seen that in -irc logs

 17:16 <hggdh> do you need a summary of this case, or was my email was enough?

 17:16 <elfy> and he's tried the same game in the forum channel

 17:16 <dholbach> but all in all you feel like you coped quite well with the day to day business of ubuntu irc?

 17:16 <elfy> hggdh: that mail was fine for me

 17:17 <elfy> #chair mhall119

 17:17 <meetingology> Current chairs: YokoZar dholbach elfy mhall119 pleia2

 17:17 <YokoZar> Was fine too :)

 17:17 <hggdh> I think we still need a bit more of attention to IRC. Although things seem to have been getting better, we can still go some more

 17:18 <hggdh> as usual, there is always tension...

 17:18 <dholbach> in which areas would you recommend to pay more attention to?

 17:18 <hggdh> but, all in all, IRC -- to my perhaps biased view -- is better now than it was a few ago

 17:19 <mhall119> I certainly haven't noticed any issues in the channels I'm in

 17:19 <hggdh> my personal view, not necessarily reflecting the IRCC as a whole, is that we need more rotation, more new blood coming in

 17:19 <hggdh> this does not mean the current ops would retire, though; it is more, not less or the same

 17:19 <elfy> hggdh: that's a *buntu wide thing - everyone has said more or less the same :)

 17:19 <dholbach> new blood in the ops team? or the council? or the wider irc community?

 17:21 <hggdh> new blood in ops; filling in the vacant seat in IRCC might also be good. The wider IRC community depends, heh, on the community ;-)

 17:22 <YokoZar> Ahh, reasonable

 17:22 <YokoZar> I have no idea how to recruit said blood

 17:22 <hggdh> I am happy with the ops we have, I just feel like giving others a chance to work for the community is warranted

 17:23 <hggdh> I do not know either, at least not right now; creating an effective and catalystic, ops is not simple

 17:23 <hggdh> but this is it, as far as I can see, for IRC

 17:24 <dholbach> maybe we should have an Ubuntu "job fair" :)

 17:24 <elfy> hggdh: so has the IRCC thought about calling for someone to fill the vacant spot?

 17:24 <hggdh> doesnot sound a bad idea at all

 17:24 <elfy> dholbach: ha ha ha

 17:24 <mhall119> dholbach: that really is a good idea

 17:24 <hggdh> elfy: I personally have been thinking about it

 17:24 <dholbach> or at least an event where teams can explain what kind of folks they are looking for

 17:25 <hggdh> have not yet checked with the rest of the council

 17:25 <elfy> hggdh: ok - thanks - saved me asking :)

 17:25 <dholbach> mhall119, maybe we should bring it up on the ubuntu-community-team@ list :)

 17:25 <hggdh> dholbach: yes, and then we can expand it there

 17:25 <dholbach> rock and roll

 17:25 <elfy> hggdh: do you want to broach the subject with them - then see what happens then, if needed we could do so - but probably best if you all did

 17:26 <dholbach> I'll send the mail out in a bit

 17:26 <elfy> dholbach: good plan :)

 17:26 <hggdh> elfy: ack, will do

 17:26 <elfy> hggdh: okey doke - let us know if you need anything then

 17:27 <hggdh> will do. Thank you for this opportunity, and sorry for being late (got my grandson here today, and he is all hands on deck...)

 17:27 <dholbach> don't worry :)

 17:27 <elfy> indeed not :)

 17:27 <dholbach> it's good to hear that things are ticking along nicely

 17:27 <elfy> hggdh: on deck or on kbd?

 17:27 <hggdh> heh

 17:27 <hggdh> I hope I can keep him from being a kbd strip...

 17:28 <elfy> not got that far here- I might be old enough, but no elflets yet :)

 17:28 <YokoZar> :)

 17:28 <elfy> hggdh: lol

 17:28 <dholbach> hggdh, did you approve any "irc members" recently?

 17:28 <hggdh> dholbach: no, I have not, at least do not remember. I think Pici did

 17:28 <hggdh> oh

 17:28 <elfy> hggdh: quick question

 17:29 <hggdh> you mean Ubuntu members via IRC -- no, none

 17:29 <dholbach> yep

 17:29 <dholbach> ok

 17:29 <elfy> there are some proposed people sitting on https://launchpad.net/~irc-ubuntu-ops

 17:29 <hggdh> will look at them

 17:29 <elfy> what's going on with those?

 17:30 <hggdh> elfy: cannot say (which is a shorthand for "it seems I messed up somewhere")

 17:30 <elfy> :)

 17:30 <YokoZar> Ahhh

 17:30 <hggdh> will look at them; we just missed the IRC monthly (it would have been yesterday, I was for it, and got diverted by a work crisis)

 17:31 <elfy> hggdh: thanks

 17:31 <hggdh> so, we will figure something out

 17:32 <dholbach> is there anything else you feel the CC could help with? or things you feel should be looked at?

 17:33 <hggdh> only the empty seat, right now; we had considered, initially, that we would be able to cope but life got in the way; pretty much all are busy, so we (er, *I*) need to have this seat filled

 17:33 <hggdh> ..

 17:33 <mhall119> hggdh: will the current IRCC members nominate somebody to fill the seat?

 17:34 <elfy> hggdh: so we'll leave that with you for the moment?

 17:34 <mhall119> or should we have an open call for nominations?

 17:34 <dholbach> ok... how do we move on from here? do we just call for nominees (who sends out the call?) and follow http://wiki.ubuntu.com/CommunityCouncil/Restaffing?

 17:34 <hggdh> mhall119: I feel we should not

 17:35 <hggdh> I would rather go on a request for candidates; I do not want any impression of we gaming the system

 17:37 <elfy> hggdh: ok - so you want to do the call and then forward them to us?

 17:37 <hggdh> elfy: I can. Which MLs should I target?

 17:38 <elfy> mmm

 17:38 <DalekSec> hggdh: Did you want to discuss with other IRC council members first?

 17:38 <mhall119> there doesn't seem to be an irc-members ML

 17:38 <hggdh> DalekSec: I would rather and, in fact, *will*. But I still can take on the attribution to send out the announcement

 17:39 <mhall119> there is an ubuntu-irc @lists.ubuntu.com is that used?

 17:39 <hggdh> mhall119: ubuntu=irc@ubuntu.com

 17:39 <dholbach> brilliant

 17:39 <hggdh> lists.ubuntu.com, even

 17:39 <elfy> hggdh: you could mail the fridge too

 17:40 <pleia2> I'll make sure it gets posted to fridge

 17:40 <hggdh> ack. ubuntu-irc and fridge (with copies to CC and IRCC)

 17:40 * elfy thought pleia2 would say that :p

 17:40 <pleia2> ubuntu-news-team is fridge :)

 17:41 <hggdh> pleia2: heh. I was not really going to pin in on my fridge ;-)

 17:41 <elfy> oh

 17:41 <pleia2> hehe

 17:41 <elfy> is that *not* how you do it :(

 17:41 <pleia2> hggdh's pet for IRCC

 17:41 <hggdh> :-D

 17:43 <dholbach> any more questions for hggdh and the IRC Council?

 17:43 <hggdh> so. I will start with an internal poll; I will either update the CC with the results of the poll (meaning the IRCC does not agree with me), or send out a RFC to ubuntu-irc, ubuntu-news-team, copies to CC and IRCC

 17:43 <mhall119> none from me

 17:43 <mhall119> thanks hggdh

 17:44 <hggdh> you are all welcome. I am sorry for the lateness

 17:44 <elfy> hggdh: you're welcome and excused :)

 17:44 <elfy> thanks for your time

 17:44 <hggdh> thank you all for yours :-)

 17:44 <YokoZar> Thank you everyone

 17:44 <dholbach> thanks a lot!

 17:44 <dholbach> #topic Any other business

 17:45 <pleia2> nothing from me

 17:45 <dholbach> same here, planet config was the only bit I had

 17:45 <dholbach> anyone else?

 17:45 <YokoZar> nope

 17:45 <elfy> not from me

 17:46 <dholbach> all right... in that case...

 17:46 <dholbach> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)