== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 24 Apr at 15:02 &mdash; 15:36 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2014/ubuntu-meeting.2014-04-24-15.02.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== lightning round ===
The discussion about "lightning round" started at 15:02.


=== trusty SRUs ===
The discussion about "trusty SRUs" started at 15:20.

  * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-t-tracking-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs 

=== AOB ===
The discussion about "AOB" started at 15:25.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * slangasek (42)
 * xnox (24)
 * infinity (19)
 * cjwatson (18)
 * doko (15)
 * stgraber (14)
 * barry (11)
 * mvo (10)
 * caribou (9)
 * jodh (8)
 * ubottu (6)
 * meetingology (3)



== Full Log ==


 15:02 <slangasek> #startmeeting

 15:02 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Apr 24 15:02:15 2014 UTC.  The chair is slangasek. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 15:02 <meetingology> 

 15:02 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 15:02 <slangasek> [TOPIC] lightning round

 15:02 <slangasek> $ echo $(shuf -e barry doko stgraber jodh bdmurray slangasek cjwatson xnox caribou infinity mvo)

 15:02 <slangasek> barry mvo slangasek stgraber xnox jodh bdmurray doko cjwatson infinity caribou

 15:02 <barry> \o/

 15:03 <barry> catching up from pycon, keysigning

 15:03 <barry> touch: updating, fixing, building, testing gallery-app py3 port.  LP: #1310794.  LP: #1222910

 15:03 <barry> general: reported LP: #1310663 and downgraded to fix.  proposed apt-clone MP to clean up cruft.  LP: #1309447 review.  LP: #1290847 work ongoing.

 15:03 <barry> done

 15:03 <ubottu> Error: Could not gather data from Launchpad for bug #1310794 (https://launchpad.net/bugs/1310794). The error has been logged

 15:03 <barry> mumble seems down too :/

 15:04 <mvo> Prepared 78 lines report from timelog and decided to be less boring with this one:

 15:04 <mvo> Bugfixing for trusty/trusty-proposed: apt, aptdaemon, apt-clone, gdebi, apt-ddtp, python-apt, software-center, software-properties, ubuntu-release-upgrader, update-manager

 15:04 <mvo> apt: work on apt-get intsall foo.dsc, bash completion, ftparchive-srcpkgcache, apt-get update progress estimates

 15:04 <mvo> Misc:

 15:04 <mvo> - lp-changelogs-crawler fix hang, add socket timeout to avoid future hangs

 15:04 <mvo> - sprint, HR

 15:04 <ubottu> Error: Could not gather data from Launchpad for bug #1222910 (https://launchpad.net/bugs/1222910). The error has been logged

 15:04 <mvo> EOF

 15:04 <ubottu> Error: Could not gather data from Launchpad for bug #1310663 (https://launchpad.net/bugs/1310663). The error has been logged

 15:04 <ubottu> Error: Could not gather data from Launchpad for bug #1309447 (https://launchpad.net/bugs/1309447). The error has been logged

 15:04 <ubottu> Error: Could not gather data from Launchpad for bug #1290847 (https://launchpad.net/bugs/1290847). The error has been logged

 15:04 <slangasek> no bot, not like that!

 15:04 <xnox> slangasek: lp DoS

 15:04 <mvo> barry: when LP is up again I have a look at the apt-clone

 15:04 <slangasek> sigh

 15:05 <barry> mvo: cool, should be simple

 15:05 <slangasek> xnox: do we know why we're getting these DoSes?

 15:05 <xnox> slangasek: ... i wonder if the botnet is ubuntu =)

 15:05 <infinity> slangasek: I assume Dmitry annoyed someone a little too much.

 15:06 <xnox> slangasek: there is #is-outage in progress / incident

 15:06 * slangasek wonders why that's a separate channel

 15:07 <slangasek> * release week

 15:07 <slangasek> * short week due to vacation

 15:07 <slangasek> * working on filling the Java role

 15:07 <slangasek> * working on some reports for a customer

 15:07 <slangasek> (done)

 15:07 <barry> it's definitely not utopic

 15:08 <xnox> slangasek: about Java role, elmo has a few requests if/when that possition is filled. Mostly around packaging java software we use in production - jenkins, elasticsearch, cassandra.

 15:08 <stgraber> Waited all week for Mark to announce the new name...

 15:08 <stgraber> More seriously:

 15:08 <stgraber> - 14.04 release

 15:08 <stgraber> - LXC upstream work: fixed a bunch of Jenkins problems, bug reports, debugged

 15:08 <stgraber> some crazy issue on machines with a crazy amount of network namespaces and

 15:08 <stgraber> routes (kernel network stack falling appart when you have around 500 netns

 15:08 <stgraber> with over 200 routes each).

 15:08 <stgraber> - cgmanager/systemd: looked into a couple of bugs

 15:08 <slangasek> xnox: that's, er, out of scope for the role

 15:08 <stgraber> - U preparation: setup system-image, cleaned up some stuff there too, setup

 15:08 <stgraber> the QA tracker, setup extras.ubuntu.com

 15:08 <stgraber> - Some SRU reviews

 15:08 <stgraber> 

 15:08 <stgraber> I'm off tomorrow and Monday.

 15:08 <stgraber> (DONE)

 15:09 <doko> xnox, this is not about packaging software in Java

 15:09 <xnox> slangasek: i know, that's what i said as well... but using 3rd-party binary .debs is also not ideal.

 15:09 <doko> - PyCon

 15:09 <doko> - two Easter holidays

 15:09 <doko> - prepare binutils and GCC for utopic

 15:09 <doko> (done)

 15:09 <xnox> do* Release week -> released

 15:09 <xnox> * Unicorn opening -> did couple minor opening tasks

 15:09 <xnox> * Worked on pushing deltas to debian where appropriate

 15:09 <xnox> * Working on better upstart/service/update-rc.d integration

 15:09 <xnox> ( e.g. such that launching init.d scripts work & we can revert php5

 15:09 <xnox> job change)

 15:09 <xnox> * Working with nvme-linux & efibootmgr to add support for generating

 15:09 <xnox> nvme efi boot entries.

 15:09 <xnox> * worked on python3-launchpadlib:

 15:09 <xnox> - merge proposal in progress to fix +access-token in launchpad

 15:10 <xnox> - merge proposal against requests-oauthlib to support redirects

 15:10 <xnox> 廌

 15:10 <slangasek> xnox: not disagreeing, but there's no reason to think that someone maintaining the JVM is also going to be packaging complicated .jar stacks

 15:10 <jodh> * foundations-1305-upstart-work-items:

 15:10 <jodh> - cgroup support: Back working on this. Current plan is to couple the

 15:10 <jodh> cgmanager code (but not the async elements) from the cgroup branch

 15:10 <barry> xnox: \o/  if you're hunting for reviews, let me know

 15:10 <jodh> and the async branch which I've been working on for the past couple

 15:10 <jodh> of days since this provides a much better design.

 15:10 <jodh> * misc:

 15:10 <jodh> - short week due to Easter and also out Tuesday.

 15:10 <jodh> ⁁

 15:10 <xnox> doko: are we going to switch to 4.9 in utopic, or is that out-of-scope?

 15:11 <doko> xnox, around the 4.9.1 release

 15:11 <cjwatson> doko: is there anything else needed in the utopic archive right now for toolchain, or is it good from your point of view (once the autopkgtest issues are fixed)?

 15:12 <cjwatson> doko: I didn't see a GCC upload to utopic yet

 15:12 <doko> cjwatson, I don't have any more issues, maybe the dpkg merge, so that fortran packages are built with optimization

 15:12 <cjwatson> dpkg was merged

 15:12 <cjwatson> oh, still in unapproved

 15:12 <doko> didn't subscribe to utopic-hcanges quick enough

 15:12 <infinity> Yeah.  It's merged, but waiting. :)

 15:12 <cjwatson> yeah, I'll poke that one

 15:12 <infinity> It was the second thing uploaded.

 15:13 <infinity> Also, must have vim, so I stop getting angry red in my changelogs.

 15:13 <doko> will upload gcc-4.9 and gcc-4.8

 15:13 <xnox> infinity: i thought vim was done.

 15:13 <infinity> xnox: Same story.  I did the merge, sitting in the queue. :)

 15:13 <cjwatson> xnox: also in unapproved

 15:13 <slangasek> cjwatson: your turn (people going out of order, people on holiday... madness)

 15:13 <xnox> ah, ok.

 15:14 <cjwatson> Spent most of the week working on livefs-in-LP.  I have most of the master side done now; just need to write build behaviour tests and add webservice-flavoured methods for retrieving build files.  "bzr damage" => 2175 LoC

 15:14 <cjwatson> Opening utopic, at last; initial archive publication, seeds, setting up various reports.

 15:14 <cjwatson> ..

 15:14 <cjwatson> (accepted dpkg and vim)

 15:14 <infinity> * released trusty

 15:14 <infinity> * long weekend

 15:14 <infinity> * opening utopic

 15:14 <infinity> * misc

 15:14 <infinity> ☭

 15:15 <caribou> * More work on sosreport. Now part of the upstream team

 15:15 <caribou> * Re-submitted SRU on bug 1293291 to enable BTMP on openssh

 15:15 <ubottu> Error: Launchpad bug 1293291 could not be found

 15:15 <caribou> * New makedumpfile upstream version to be packaged

 15:16 <caribou> will need help from some nice DD as my current DM mentor is nowhere to be seen

 15:16 <caribou> (done)

 15:17 <infinity> caribou: I've offered to sponsor you in the past. :)

 15:17 <caribou> infinity: yeah, I wanted to stay nice to my current sponsor but this will now change

 15:17 <caribou> infinity: I'll ping you

 15:17 <xnox> caribou: ditto, i can also sponsor things into debian and/or for you to become DM, DD.

 15:18 <caribou> xnox has also offered to help with my DM submission

 15:18 <caribou> xnox: I got my gpg key sorted out now. I was waiting for the release to get out of the way to ping you

 15:18 <xnox> caribou: sounds good. I'll PM you to see what we need to do next.

 15:18 <slangasek> anything else re: current status?

 15:20 <slangasek> [TOPIC] trusty SRUs

 15:20 <slangasek> as expected, there are still some bugs around in the LTS we've just released

 15:20 <infinity> Lies.

 15:20 <barry> features

 15:20 <slangasek> we haven't spent much meeting time on bug tracking this cycle, we should probably do a bit more

 15:21 <slangasek> http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-t-tracking-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 15:22 <slangasek> those are the bugs that are targeted to trusty; could you all help take some time today to clean up that list?  Claiming the ones that are SRUs you think you should be driving, letting me know about ones you think we should drop from the list

 15:22 <slangasek> and if there are some on there that are assigned to you that you think you aren't going to get to, please let me know that as well

 15:22 <slangasek> ok?

 15:23 * mvo nods

 15:23 <barry> yeppers

 15:23 * infinity is reminded to review the bash in the queue.

 15:24 <slangasek> I guess you mean for utopic, not for trusty?

 15:24 <infinity> No, for trusty.

 15:25 <slangasek> it shouldn't be in the queue

 15:25 <infinity> Oh, did someone let that in while I slept?

 15:25 <slangasek> they did indeed, Rip

 15:25 <infinity> Shiny.

 15:25 <slangasek> [TOPIC] AOB

 15:25 <slangasek> anything else?

 15:26 <slangasek> formulating a game plan for taking control of the botnet and upgrading it to Ubuntu?

 15:26 <slangasek> (I assume it's running XP right now)

 15:26 <cjwatson> has anyone worked out how to get from the airport in Malta to the hotel yet?

 15:26 <cjwatson> seeing as I'm going to be trying to do it after midnight :-/

 15:26 <infinity> cjwatson: After midnight, I'd assume taxi.

 15:27 <doko> slangasek, speaking of elmo's list ... is this is list public?

 15:27 <cjwatson> (or possibly finding a comfy park bench near the airport and doing it in the morning ...)

 15:27 <cjwatson> infinity: it's like an hour away AIUI?

 15:27 <infinity> cjwatson: Eek.  Yeah, I've not looked at any of that yet.  Maybe I should get to caring at some point.

 15:27 <slangasek> doko: "elmo's list"?  that's the version of craiglist where your transactions are randomly accompanied by bursts of laughter?

 15:27 <xnox> doko: not sure. but it's combination of "jamespage stopped doing jenkins packaging unwinding" and we run "cassandra, ellasticsearch, jenkins" a lot.

 15:27 <cjwatson> (but I haven't actually looked properly)

 15:27 <doko> when you walk, you'll arrive in the morning

 15:28 <cjwatson> doko: thanks

 15:28 <slangasek> cjwatson: oh, man - no, haven't looked at this at all

 15:28 <doko> ;p

 15:29 <slangasek> doko: do you mean the list of non-Ubuntu .debs IS is running?  I certainly haven't seen a list

 15:29 <doko> xnox, slangasek: well, I would expect puppet on this list too

 15:29 <slangasek> doko: you expect IS is not using the puppet in the archive...?

 15:29 <xnox> doko: i'm only aware of the "elmo's java list", no idea about complete "elmo's list"

 15:29 <mvo> cjwatson: meh, I arrive at 21:45 so no public transport for me as well I guess

 15:29 <doko> slangasek, I would like to know what else besides of puppet IS is using

 15:30 <slangasek> doko: IS is using lots of stuff, but that was a list of things IS is using that aren't from the archive

 15:31 <slangasek> cjwatson: maps.google.com tells me it's only 13m by car

 15:31 <cjwatson> ah ok, better than I'd heard

 15:31 <cjwatson> fine, I'm sure that can be managed somehow then

 15:32 <doko> slangasek, well I mean the list of things we only have in main because IS needs these

 15:32 <slangasek> maps.google.com also shows me lots of opaque toponyms

 15:32 <slangasek> doko: those should be annotated in the seed

 15:35 <slangasek> cjwatson: it also looks like it would be hard to be more than 30m from the airport, FWIW :)

 15:35 <infinity> slangasek: Maybe the hotel is on an oil rig?

 15:36 <slangasek> well, evidently there is a second islandthat could introduce ferry delays

 15:36 <slangasek> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)