== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 06 Nov at 17:05 &mdash; 17:59 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2014/ubuntu-meeting.2014-11-06-17.05.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/CommunityCouncilAgenda 
=== Core Apps checkin ===
The discussion about "Core Apps checkin" started at 17:31.


=== open ===
The discussion about "open" started at 17:58.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * elfy (57)
 * popey (54)
 * mhall119 (50)
 * YokoZar (12)
 * czajkowski (7)
 * meetingology (4)



== Full Log ==


 17:05 <elfy> #startmeeting

 17:05 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Nov  6 17:05:42 2014 UTC.  The chair is elfy. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 17:05 <meetingology> 

 17:05 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 17:05 <elfy> https://wiki.ubuntu.com/CommunityCouncilAgenda

 17:06 <elfy> Hi everyone - it's time for this weeks CC meeting with the Forum Council and Core Apps

 17:06 <elfy> first up is the Forum Council - and I'm the only one from the FC here - so ...

 17:07 <elfy> #chair YokoZar czajkowski mhall119

 17:07 <meetingology> Current chairs: YokoZar czajkowski elfy mhall119

 17:07 <YokoZar> Morning then ;)

 17:07 <elfy> :)

 17:07 <YokoZar> Put on your other hat please

 17:07 <elfy> t'is on :)

 17:08 <mhall119> hello everyone

 17:08 <mhall119> elfy: so how is the FC doing these days?

 17:08 <elfy> pretty good thanks

 17:08 <mhall119> IIRC, the last checkup we had there were some issues with the bots and/or some people

 17:08 <mhall119> or was that the IRCC...

 17:08 <elfy> we've had quite a bit going on lately

 17:09 <elfy> yea - that was ircc :)

 17:09 <elfy> forum was 10 last month

 17:09 <elfy> there's been a lot of work we've done to clear up some of the sub-forums, but that's an ongoing issue

 17:10 <mhall119> is the FC fully staffed and is everybody active?

 17:10 <elfy> we started to blog about forum things too

 17:10 <elfy> nope - not fully staffed

 17:10 <elfy> we had a resignation from Iowan

 17:10 <mhall119> ok, have you called for nominations yet?

 17:10 <elfy> we're not in a huge rush with that

 17:11 <elfy> mhall119: https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ForumCouncil/TeamNomination#Procedure_for_nomination_of_moderation_team_member_to_Forum_Council

 17:12 <elfy> we'd hope to be somewhere close to contacting the CC in a couple of months at the most

 17:12 <YokoZar> Has forums usage been trending up or down?

 17:12 <elfy> YokoZar: it's pretty static, with the normal upswing in April/May and October/November

 17:13 <mhall119> elfy: how has the migration to SSO gone?

 17:14 <elfy> well - the best that can be said is that it happened

 17:14 <mhall119> heh, fair enough

 17:14 <mhall119> any outstanding issues from that?

 17:14 <mhall119> or anything else that you need help/feedback from Canonical on?

 17:15 <elfy> only that we would like to be on a level footing with other services that use SSO

 17:15 <elfy> the major issue our users have is that they get logged out

 17:15 <elfy> I logged into AU 6 months ago - if I go back I'm still logged in

 17:15 <elfy> with the forum if you don't visit it within 24 hours you get logged out

 17:16 <elfy> for AU read anything that we can use SSO with :)

 17:16 <elfy> while I personally don't have an issue as I'm not away for longer than 12 hours - others hate it :)

 17:17 <elfy> and of course it's the 6 of us that get hit with that stick :)

 17:17 <mhall119> elfy: is there an RT filed for that?

 17:17 <elfy> if Canonical can help to get a bit of traction on that - we'd be over the moon - even if it's a definitive IS can't do that because of vB/SSO

 17:18 <elfy> I think so mhall119 - I can dig it out later

 17:18 <mhall119> it wouldn't be SSO, it's consumer-website specific I think

 17:18 <mhall119> summit has a long session live, while etherpad has a short one, for example

 17:18 <elfy> possibly - don't know - I just know what they've said in the past

 17:19 <elfy> yes - etherpad is a few hours at most

 17:19 <mhall119> elfy: if you have an RT send it my way and I'll try and get a status update on it

 17:19 <elfy> I'll let you know the ticket

 17:19 <mhall119> if you don't have an RT, file one and then do the same :)

 17:19 <elfy> yep - cool

 17:20 <elfy> I think that's about it from me

 17:20 <czajkowski> elfy: I know the work you do is great and I do see the FC has raised its awareness from you, but are there other voices in there I worry it all falls on your shoulder

 17:21 <elfy> oh - we're discussing ways to shout out recurring issues that people on forum are reporting

 17:21 <elfy> eg we get a LOT of threads from people usinig LVM and not watching /boot filling up

 17:22 <elfy> czajkowski: it's mostly the time for these meeetings - others were hoping to be here today, bapoumba howefield

 17:22 <elfy> others have work timing issues

 17:22 <czajkowski> nds ok

 17:22 <YokoZar> Huh, ok

 17:22 <elfy> and the FC is actually a lot noiser internally than just me saying things :)

 17:23 <mhall119> that's good to hear

 17:23 <elfy> YokoZar: what does that mean :)

 17:24 <mhall119> elfy: so how are you promoting those recurring issues? Bug reports?

 17:24 <YokoZar> Sticky threads with links, I'd imagine.

 17:24 <elfy> when there is existing reports - we make sure to link the bug into threads

 17:24 <mhall119> ok

 17:24 <elfy> YokoZar: not yet

 17:24 <elfy> this is quite a recent discussion - like a fortnight at most

 17:25 <elfy> what we DON'T want to do - is point people at bugs generally, people just add pointless comment rather than me too it

 17:25 <mhall119> elfy: if there isn't an existing bug report, do mods create one, or ask the original poster to create one?

 17:25 <elfy> and that just annoys rather than helps

 17:26 <elfy> mhall119: as I said this is quite new discussion - but we did do one with the /boot partition filling issue

 17:26 <mhall119> ok

 17:26 <mhall119> I'm wondering if there's a good way to let the developers know that these are recurring issues on the forums...

 17:27 <elfy> well - that's kind of the thinking

 17:27 <mhall119> other than having more people mark it as affecting them

 17:27 <elfy> bug reports is the way to start it for sure

 17:27 * mhall119 puts his Canonical Community Team hat on

 17:28 <elfy> but possible start would be a similar thing with UWN

 17:28 <mhall119> let me know what the FC decides on that and if we can help organize and promote the effort

 17:28 * mhall119 pop hat

 17:28 <elfy> like the AU stats - but we'd need to manually do it, sort of "We're seeing a lot of people with foo"

 17:28 <elfy> ok mhall119 - thanks :)

 17:29 <mhall119> any other questions or comments for the Forums Council?

 17:30 <mhall119> guess not, thank you elfy :)

 17:31 <elfy> welcome - thanks mhall119 czajkowski YokoZar

 17:31 <mhall119> #topic Core Apps checkin

 17:31 <mhall119> popey: around and ready?

 17:31 <elfy> I'll put my other hat back on now :)

 17:31 <popey> ya

 17:31 <elfy> hi popey

 17:31 <popey> Wassup CC

 17:31 <mhall119> so I really don't have questions, since I have a weekly call with popey on this topic

 17:32 <popey> Ok, lemme say a couple of things for the logs..

 17:32 <popey> Since the last time we spoke, we had a Canonical Devices sprint in Washington DC

 17:32 * mhall119 missed out

 17:32 <popey> We invited 8 of the core apps developers, and 2 developers who were not "core apps" technically

 17:32 <popey> but they were developers of apps in the store, who were heavy users of the SDK

 17:33 <popey> It was _awesome_

 17:33 <popey> (slightly less awesome than it could have been because mhall119 wasn't there of course) :D

 17:33 <popey> There's been a bunch of blog posts from various people about their experience.

 17:33 <mhall119> :)

 17:34 <popey> They were all very professional, friendly, productive and helpful.

 17:34 <mhall119> I'm glad they had so much face-time with the platform and SDK teams to give them feedback and get support

 17:34 <popey> We got _so_ much done in that week.

 17:34 <popey> We need to do more in-person events.

 17:34 <popey> Not necessarily "Lets do UDS again", but more "Lets do more in person things"

 17:34 <mhall119> I think we're all in agreement on that

 17:34 <czajkowski> nods

 17:34 <YokoZar> hah, ok

 17:35 <popey> The fact that there were 230 people in one venue meant we could go and grab people and have conversations to sort issues out

 17:35 <popey> loads of those hallway conversations we used to have

 17:35 <czajkowski> popey: I think it's nice to see happen, however to many it was still odd to see as they are not included and have no way of being involved as not core dev - also the line of men there didn't really show diversity.  I appreciate this isn't dwn to you but to many women it may appear rather exclusive.

 17:35 <YokoZar> There's a reason silicon valley is a physical location ;)

 17:36 <popey> czajkowski: I think you're raising two issues there.

 17:36 <popey> let me see.

 17:36 <popey> 1) non core apps people aren't invited

 17:36 <popey> 2) not diverse enough

 17:36 <popey> Am I right?

 17:36 <YokoZar> czajkowski: Unfortunately I feel that live events will always surface our underlying diversity problem

 17:37 <popey> Well, taking 2) first, 220 of the people were Canonical employees. I have near-zero influence on the hiring process of my employer.

 17:37 <popey> It is a fact that the vast majority of engineers in the company are men.

 17:37 <mhall119> this is kind of off the subject of core apps

 17:37 <mhall119> can we finish that topic first?

 17:38 <popey> Indeed, however it does lead to the second thing.

 17:38 <popey> I would like to see more diversity in core apps specifically.

 17:38 <popey> because that _is_ all guys.

 17:38 <popey> I will take an action to look at how I can improve that, thanks czajkowski

 17:38 <mhall119> popey: something like a OPW for Core Apps?

 17:38 <popey> OPW?

 17:39 <mhall119> outreach program for women, the (I think) GNOME initiative

 17:39 <popey> Ah okay. Sure.

 17:39 <popey> I'm happy to have ideas thrown at me, and have a session at Open Week if you think it's useful?

 17:39 <czajkowski> popey: thanks

 17:39 <czajkowski> I do understand it's not all down to you

 17:40 <popey> Sure, but I'm one of the people who recruit devs for core apps, so it kinda is â˜»

 17:40 <popey> But it's now on my list, where previously it was at the back of my mind.

 17:40 <popey> thanks.

 17:40 <popey> So anyway, back to core apps.

 17:40 <mhall119> +1 for an Open Week or UOS session on that topic

 17:41 <popey> The event gave us a spurt of work during the week, and after too.

 17:41 <popey> We still need to recruit more developers as some of them are busy / burning out / spread thin

 17:41 * czajkowski hugs popey thank you!

 17:41 <popey> and we'll certainly talk about that at UOS next week.

 17:42 <popey> Do you have any specific questions for me?

 17:42 <YokoZar> Regarding CoreApps -- I've seen some chatter online about how Canonical's focus might be a bit unclear with all the different directions it's going lately.  I'm beginning to wonder if this is related to the lack of UDS keynotes.

 17:42 <mhall119> so the topic has come up a couple of times before about giving app developers a path to Ubuntu Membership, I'd like to see some movemement on that

 17:42 <popey> YokoZar: Ah, now that's an interesting point.

 17:42 <mhall119> YokoZar: how is that related to Core Apps/

 17:43 <mhall119> ?

 17:43 <popey> its tangentially related.

 17:43 <YokoZar> CoreApps is the newest thing in that sense, and I'm wondering how we can show this sort of commitment clearly

 17:43 <popey> I had a conversation with Rick Spencer in DC where he was surprised to hear about (some opinion / thoughts from the community)

 17:44 <popey> I think he thought we'd communicated (this thing that I wont say but doesn't matter to this conversation) well, but actually it seems people in the wider user/developer community possibly had the wrong end of the stick

 17:44 <popey> and that as a result perhaps we aren't communicating our overall strategy clearly

 17:44 <popey> some of that is partly down to the usual commercial contractual obligations (the devices we can't talk about)

 17:45 <popey> but I think there is room for more "Keynote" style "Trajectory setting"

 17:45 <popey> because we're all heads-down working hard, coming up for air now and then

 17:45 <popey> and the community / users / bloggers are getting the wrong end of the stick in a lot of ways

 17:45 <popey> related to devices / convergence / click / packaging / unity 8 etc

 17:45 <mhall119> didn't rick do such a keynote last UOS?

 17:46 <popey> yeah, but with all due respect, rick isn't mark standing on stage giving a keynote

 17:46 <popey> nearly _nobody_ blogs about what rick says

 17:46 <popey> mark says "we're doing bunnies this year" and bloggers go mental for it.

 17:46 <popey> Hope that semi-ramble makes sense.

 17:48 <popey> ...

 17:48 <elfy> it did to me

 17:51 <YokoZar> It makes perfect sense

 17:52 <mhall119> so we need rick to grow a beard then? :)

 17:52 <popey> Yes.

 17:52 <mhall119> ok, I've got a TODO to follow up with mark about a UOS keynote, so I'll work on that

 17:53 <mhall119> any other questions or comments for popey about core apps?

 17:53 <elfy> not here

 17:55 <elfy> thanks from me popey - gtg for a bit now :)

 17:55 <popey> thanks elfy

 17:58 <mhall119> #topic open

 17:58 <mhall119> any other topics for the CC before we wrap up?

 17:59 <YokoZar> Thanks folks

 17:59 <mhall119> ok, thanks everyone!

 17:59 <mhall119> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)