== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting: Membership Board meeting, 16 Jul at 12:02 &mdash; 12:13 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2014/ubuntu-meeting.2014-07-16-12.02.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/Membership/Boards#A12:00 



== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * popey (23)
 * rickspencer3 (10)
 * jared (8)
 * elfy (5)
 * meetingology (3)
 * Destine (1)



== Full Log ==


 12:02 <popey> #startmeeting Membership Board meeting

 12:02 <meetingology> Meeting started Wed Jul 16 12:02:08 2014 UTC.  The chair is popey. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 12:02 <meetingology> 

 12:02 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 12:02 <popey> there we go.

 12:02 <popey> https://wiki.ubuntu.com/Membership/Boards#A12:00

 12:02 <popey> valentinovd appears to be the only one on the list for today.

 12:02 <popey> ..and not here...

 12:02 <popey> lets give them a few mins.

 12:03 <jared> Evening all

 12:03 <rickspencer3> hi jared

 12:03 <popey> hi jared

 12:04 <jared> Nice to see some new faces

 12:05 <elfy> or old faces in new places :)

 12:05 <jared> Hah, yeah well there is that

 12:05 <popey> oi! â˜»

 12:05 <elfy> :)

 12:06 <Destine> so where is this valentinovd?

 12:07 <jared> belkinsa just pointed out a little while ago the wiki says the Wednesday the 17th of July is the next meeting

 12:07 <jared> Which could prove confusing

 12:07 <popey> oh jeez.

 12:08 <rickspencer3> oopsie

 12:09 <popey> Well, it's in the fridge calendar as today, so that's unfortunate.

 12:09 <popey> Will any of you be around at the same time tomorrow? Perhaps we could have a quick meeting then as we only have one person on the list?

 12:09 <rickspencer3> popey, well today is Wednesday, so it was a small typo on the wiki, I guess

 12:09 <popey> yes

 12:10 <jared> I personally won't be but happy for it to proceed if the person is available.

 12:10 <rickspencer3> popey, I propose we simply push until the next scheduled meeting

 12:10 <popey> ok, thats fine by me.

 12:10 <rickspencer3> that said, I'm happy to meet again if asked

 12:10 <elfy> actually it's not just a typo - the link to the world clock is for tomorrow as well - jfyi

 12:10 <popey> I'll email the individual and let them know

 12:10 <popey> hows that?

 12:10 <rickspencer3> elfy, but *today* is Wednesday, and tomorrow is the 17th

 12:11 <rickspencer3> :/

 12:11 <elfy> yea - click the link with the date in the membership wiki :)

 12:11 <rickspencer3> I am def. not available tomorrow, btw

 12:11 <popey> To be fair, this gives valentinovd more time to get their wiki page in order.

 12:11 <popey> ok, so lets push to next meeting then.

 12:11 <jared> While we're all here if anyone wants to update https://wiki.ubuntu.com/Membership/Boards/SittingMembers in their spare time now we have a reshuffle that would be good

 12:11 <popey> I'll update / fix the wiki

 12:11 * elfy is just pointing it out :)

 12:11 <rickspencer3> thanks popey

 12:11 <popey> thanks elfy

 12:12 <popey> So anything else, other than email valentinovd and fix the wiki?

 12:13 <jared> Welcome to all the new board members is all I wanted to do

 12:13 <rickspencer3> thanks jared :)

 12:13 <popey> Indeed, thanks jared

 12:13 <popey> Ok, lets wrap then. Hope next month is more successful! :D

 12:13 <popey> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)