== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 27 Mar at 15:01 &mdash; 15:37 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2014/ubuntu-meeting.2014-03-27-15.01.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== lightning round ===
The discussion about "lightning round" started at 15:02.

  * ''LINK:'' http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0051381/ 

=== AOB ===
The discussion about "AOB" started at 15:24.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * slangasek (39)
 * cjwatson (29)
 * bdmurray (24)
 * stgraber (24)
 * jodh (16)
 * ubottu (14)
 * doko_ (11)
 * barry (8)
 * caribou (6)
 * meetingology (3)



== Full Log ==


 15:01 <slangasek> #startmeeting

 15:01 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Mar 27 15:01:35 2014 UTC.  The chair is slangasek. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 15:01 <meetingology> 

 15:01 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 15:02 <slangasek> [TOPIC] lightning round

 15:02 <slangasek> $ echo $(shuf -e barry doko stgraber jodh bdmurray slangasek cjwatson xnox caribou infinity)

 15:02 <slangasek> doko slangasek infinity cjwatson bdmurray caribou barry jodh xnox stgraber

 15:03 <slangasek> doko_: hi

 15:03 <doko_> - another round of GCC updates

 15:03 <doko_> - python 3.4 update, python 3.3 removal

 15:03 <doko_> - cleaning up a bit in -proposed, nbs

 15:03 <doko_> - scan for compiler ICEs in the 4.9 test rebuild, file upstream issues

 15:03 <doko_> - some random updates and ftbfs fixes

 15:03 <doko_> (done) there was more, can't remember all ...

 15:04 <barry> \o/ for 3.3 removal

 15:04 <doko_> a few days remaining to remove ruby1.9.1 and update to ruby2.0 ;-P

 15:05 <slangasek> oh?

 15:05 <slangasek> * catching up on the world after being heads-down on customer work for two weeks

 15:05 <slangasek> * moving forward on the Java role; expected to begin interviewing next week

 15:05 <slangasek> * participating in good discussions about the current landing process and bottlenecks around image promotion (cf. Qt5.2)

 15:05 <slangasek> * discussions around some late FFes coming in

 15:05 <slangasek> * performance review discussions using the new and improved process

 15:05 <slangasek> (done)

 15:05 <slangasek> doko_: are we switching to ruby2.0 for trusty, or is it your turn to troll? :)

 15:06 <slangasek> infinity's not here, so cjwatson:

 15:06 <cjwatson> Finished landing upstart-app-launch performance improvements via libclick.

 15:06 <cjwatson> Clawed away some of the backlog of uninstallables on arm64/ppc64el.

 15:06 <cjwatson> grub-installer fixes for ppc64el.

 15:06 <doko_> well, I assume security would like to only support one version, but nobody is pushing for it, and the puppet people won't look at it as usual :-/

 15:06 <cjwatson> Continuing work on making ubuntu-sdk-libs-dev:armhf installable for "click chroot".  Landed: dee, libaccounts-glib.  Current blockers: libfriends, qml-friends.

 15:06 <cjwatson> ubiquity fixes for final beta (reviewed bug 1297312, worked around bug 1296697).

 15:06 <ubottu> bug 1297312 in ubiquity (Ubuntu Trusty) "ubiquity-dm fails with: FileNotFoundError: [Errno 2] No such file or directory: '/usr/lib/x86_64-linux-gnu/indicator-application-service'" [Critical,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1297312

 15:06 <cjwatson> Started trying to get my juju cross-build environment back up on trusty.

 15:06 <ubottu> bug 1296697 in ubiquity (Ubuntu Trusty) "Trusty Desktop installer crashed with "Encrypted Home" set" [Critical,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1296697

 15:06 <cjwatson> ..

 15:07 <cjwatson> ruby updates are a long way behind - I spent some time looking at various bits, it's a mess

 15:07 <cjwatson> like ruby-gnome2, we can fix it, realistically it'll take a new upstream version which'll need an FFe

 15:07 <cjwatson> and it's kind of all like that

 15:08 <cjwatson> but maybe I just don't know it well enough

 15:08 <slangasek> doko_: who are "the puppet people"?

 15:09 * barry thinks that sounds like a great band name or horror movie title

 15:09 <slangasek> doko_: in the future, can we please make such questions a UDS session, so that we discuss with the server team at the beginning of the cycle and get a committment from them to include this work on their roadmap for the cycle?

 15:09 <barry> http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0051381/

 15:10 <slangasek> cjwatson: speaking of puppets, I had bug #1292628 escalated to me in person; this seems to be a regression in the interaction between grub-install, grub-installer, and kickseed following the recent grub-installer rewrite.  Do you think this should be on the radar for 14.04?

 15:10 <ubottu> bug 1292628 in grub2 (Ubuntu) "'grub-install --force "(hd0)"' fails on trusty during installation" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1292628

 15:11 <doko_> slangasek, how? the plans for 2.0 did start in debian only in January ...

 15:11 <cjwatson> slangasek: I'll have a look

 15:11 <slangasek> doko_: hmmm. put the UDS session on the agenda, and make the server team do their homework on ruby versions before the meeting? :)

 15:12 <doko_> ok

 15:12 <cjwatson> surprising that the grub-mkdevicemap code would have broken; so hopefully it's not too hard

 15:12 <slangasek> the planning for ruby2.0 may have started in January, but I guess if someone would have asked the Debian ruby team in November they would've had a good guess

 15:12 * bdmurray is ready but waiting

 15:12 <cjwatson> I vaguely recall the Debian ruby maintainer mentioning 2.0 at debconf in July/August or so

 15:13 <slangasek> cjwatson: sorry, it's not grub-mkdevicemap that's the problem per se, the problem is that kickseed is feeding us '(hd0)' as an override and grub-install never has a device map on disk so seems to not do anything sensible

 15:13 <cjwatson> though it was in passing and I don't think he mentioned a timescale

 15:13 <cjwatson> slangasek: right, but the grub-mkdevicemap calling code in grub-installer is meant to deal with that just as it did in prior releases

 15:13 <slangasek> hmm

 15:13 <slangasek> ok

 15:13 <slangasek> stgraber: ?

 15:13 <cjwatson> I'm not disbelieving the bug or anything, just saying it's hopefully shallow

 15:14 <doko_> yes, met him at Connect a few weeks ago. I think we can't remove it, but likely demote it if puppet works with 2.0

 15:14 <stgraber> slangasek: ?

 15:15 <bdmurray> I think I was next so I'll start now

 15:15 <bdmurray> confirm prodstack data is appearing on graphite

 15:15 <bdmurray> reported daisy bug 1295400 regarding retracer sandboxes

 15:15 <bdmurray> submitted merge proposal to daisy to remove sandbox dir data after each retrace (bug 1295400)

 15:15 <ubottu> bug 1295400 in Daisy "retracer requires a lot of storage for instance sandboxes" [High,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1295400

 15:15 <bdmurray> merged thedac's changes to the daisy-retracer charm

 15:15 <bdmurray> updated daisy's submit.py to reject crashes from armel systems as we have no retracer for them

 15:15 <bdmurray> verified that bug 1267112 is in fact fixed since we have a bucket for the ubiquity / autopilot-gtk bug

 15:15 <ubottu> bug 1267112 in Daisy "errors indicates a retraced crash but isn't showing a stack trace" [High,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1267112

 15:15 <bdmurray> investigation into hplip-data crashes missing package and sourcepackage information

 15:15 <bdmurray> tested daisy (haproxy config) changes to reduce occurrence of 502 errors in whoopsie

 15:15 <bdmurray> worked with thedac regarding missing OOPS reports from prodstack version of errors

 15:15 <bdmurray> updated my apport retrace-package-versions merge proposal

 15:15 <bdmurray> sent error tracker armhf announcement

 15:16 <bdmurray> investigation into armhf crashes on errors (webbrowser-app failed to retrace, likely due to outdated debug symbol package for liblttng-ust0)

 15:16 <bdmurray> SRU queue work with arges

 15:16 <bdmurray> uploaded a fix for bug 1294392

 15:16 <ubottu> bug 1294392 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu) "PAE check prevents Precise to Trusty upgrades on non-Intel ports" [High,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1294392

 15:16 <bdmurray> ␗ done

 15:16 <bdmurray> research into update-manager test suite failures (bug 1295392)

 15:16 <ubottu> bug 1295392 in update-manager (Ubuntu) "test suite failures" [Medium,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1295392

 15:16 <slangasek> stgraber: hah, yes, somehow I thought you were next - sorry :)

 15:16 <slangasek> caribou: anything you'd like to share today?

 15:17 <caribou> I'm next, it'll be quick

 15:17 <caribou> * Completed uvtool documentation in the server guide

 15:17 <caribou> *btmp logging re-enabling (Debian bug #742775)

 15:17 <ubottu> Debian bug 742775 in openssh-server "openssh-server: Please re-enable btmp logging" [Normal,Open] http://bugs.debian.org/742775

 15:17 <caribou> * Misc bug fixing

 15:17 <caribou> Done

 15:17 <barry> short week due to holiday

 15:18 <slangasek> bdmurray: we should have noisemakers and party hats for the armhf retracers

 15:18 <barry> phone: py3 autopilot: gallery-app, address-book-app.  trying to further debug phablet-test-run issues.

 15:18 <barry> ubuntu/debian: LP: #1295392. LP: #1296325. pystache FTBFS. pip 1.5.3-1 (blocked on python-distutil in stuck in NEW).  ensurepip/pyvenv for debian.  other general debian work

 15:18 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1295392 in update-manager (Ubuntu) "test suite failures" [Medium,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1295392

 15:18 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1296325 in oneconf (Ubuntu) "oneconf-query needs generic /usr/bin/python3 shebang" [High,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1296325

 15:18 <barry> other: debugging python import problems for security team (http://tinyurl.com/l7ps5br).  code reviews for other internal projects.

 15:18 <barry> done

 15:18 <jodh> * foundations-1305-upstart-work-items

 15:18 <jodh> - cgroup support: Spent a lot of time debugging the async spawn issue

 15:18 <jodh> with help from cjwatson. As a result of that, we're now planning not

 15:18 <jodh> to pursue the async spawning feature due to the fact that to

 15:18 <jodh> implement this fully would require an extensive refactoring of the

 15:18 <jodh> Upstart core. As such, I'm now refocusing on the cgroup branch with

 15:18 <jodh> the intention of either having Upstart manage its own cgroups, or

 15:18 <jodh> working with hallyn to refactor cgmanager to allow Upstart to

 15:18 <jodh> leverage that work in some form.

 15:18 <jodh> * upstart

 15:18 <jodh> - Wrote draft release notes for Upstart

 15:18 <jodh> https://wiki.ubuntu.com/TrustyTahr/ReleaseNotes/TechnicalOverviewUpstart

 15:19 <jodh> - Reworked MP for logrotate improvements:

 15:19 <cjwatson> caribou: fwiw I don't think the claim in that btmp bug is totally true; Debian stable at least still has -rw-rw---- 1 root utmp 0 Mar  1 08:02 /var/log/btmp

 15:19 <jodh> https://code.launchpad.net/~jamesodhunt/ubuntu/trusty/upstart/periodic-logrotate-using-events/+merge/212569

 15:19 <jodh> -

 15:19 <jodh> Ⱆ

 15:19 <cjwatson> caribou: this isn't simple, need to track down exactly what changed and when

 15:19 <cjwatson> otherwise I'll cause regressions

 15:19 <caribou> cjwatson: ok, will check that out

 15:19 <stgraber> no xnox so I guess that's my turn then

 15:20 <stgraber> LXC:

 15:20 <stgraber> - Finally tracked down our last 1.0.2 blocker, will release 1.0.2 today with cgmanager support enabled in Ubuntu (that may be our last LXC upload for the cycle)!

 15:20 <stgraber> - Some more CI infrastructure work (almost everything runs in Jenkins now)

 15:20 <stgraber> - Code reviews

 15:20 <stgraber> - A couple of bugfixes for lxc-ls performance when > 2k containers and userns config fixes

 15:20 <stgraber> - Fire fighting the latest apparmor breakage (they broke the parser causing quite a few bug reports for LXC upstream and in Ubuntu...)

 15:20 <stgraber> logind:

 15:20 <stgraber> - Unblocked as the cgmanager MIR was finally approved!

 15:20 <stgraber> - Filed the FFe to get cgmanager support landed: bug 1297363

 15:20 <ubottu> bug 1297363 in systemd (Ubuntu) "[FFe] Add cgmanager support" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1297363

 15:20 <stgraber> network:

 15:20 <stgraber> - Uploaded a new ifupdown fixing quite a few bugs reported by CTS.

 15:20 <stgraber> - Uploaded a new vlan fixing another bug reported by CTS.

 15:20 <stgraber> - Did some more triaging of our network packages.

 15:20 <stgraber> - Answered some of lamont's OpenVPN questions and looked into a few NM OpenVPN crashes.

 15:20 <cjwatson> caribou: ah, actually that's not a problem per the code ... would still like to know when/where btmp changed perms though

 15:20 <stgraber> system-image:

 15:20 <stgraber> - some discussions and some code to get new image notifications delivered by the new push service.

 15:20 <stgraber> other:

 15:20 <stgraber> - Helping lttng upstream update their packages to a stable version for 14.04.

 15:20 <stgraber> - Couple of CI-Train landings.

 15:20 <stgraber> - Some FFe and queue review.

 15:20 <stgraber> - Helped setup Beta 2, tested Edubuntu, fixed a couple of issues, added ppc64el to tracker + cdimage scripts, ...

 15:20 <stgraber> (DONE)

 15:21 <cjwatson> caribou: ah, and openssh itself has started allowing group rw since the bug was originally filed, too, which was the other part of i

 15:21 <cjwatson> t

 15:22 <slangasek> any questions over status?

 15:22 <slangasek> btw, I should have mentioned, I'll be off Monday

 15:24 <slangasek> [topic] AOB

 15:24 <slangasek> anything else today?

 15:25 <bdmurray> Could someone have a look at bug 1296386 and related bug 1296373?

 15:25 <slangasek> has someone started putting together beach recommendations for the May sprint?

 15:25 <ubottu> bug 1296386 in casper (Ubuntu) "[PATCH] Remove 23etc_modules script" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1296386

 15:25 <ubottu> bug 1296373 in hw-detect (Ubuntu) "[PATCH] Fix sound on PowerPC" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1296373

 15:26 <slangasek> bdmurray: any reason those shouldn't be pushed to ubuntu-sponsors?

 15:26 <slangasek> alternatively, you could check if infinity wants to have a look at this

 15:26 <cjwatson> caribou: ah, I found it, https://bugs.debian.org/cgi-bin/bugreport.cgi?bug=370050

 15:26 <ubottu> Debian bug 370050 in logrotate "general: /var/log/btmp permission should be 660" [Wishlist,Fixed]

 15:26 <bdmurray> ubuntu-sponsors deals with branches and debdiffs not ordinary patches last I knew

 15:27 <cjwatson> ubuntu-sponsors largely shouldn't care about the format

 15:27 <cjwatson> those are native packages, the difference between a patch and a debdiff is negligible

 15:27 <bdmurray> I don't think it was the format so much as the volume

 15:28 <bdmurray> However, the system (of choosing who to subscribe) was setup quite some time ago

 15:31 <slangasek> I think it's fine to have separate frontline review of patch-tagged bugs to make sure they're actually ready for sponsorship, but in this case I think it would be ready for sponsorship

 15:33 <bdmurray> slangasek: ah, that makes sense

 15:35 <bdmurray> okay, I'll ping infinity and depending on that subscribe sponsors

 15:35 <slangasek> bdmurray: sounds good

 15:35 <slangasek> aught else?

 15:36 <cjwatson> naught

 15:36 <cjwatson> except for wondering why the sudden Elizabethan English :)

 15:36 <slangasek> ;)

 15:36 <cjwatson> sorry, "save for"

 15:37 <slangasek> cjwatson: variety

 15:37 <slangasek> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)