== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting: Ubuntu Developer Membership Board, 06 Oct at 19:23 &mdash; 20:04 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2014/ubuntu-meeting.2014-10-06-19.23.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Colin King applying for PPU (eventstat, forkstat, health-check, idlestat, powerstat, smemstat, stress-ng, thermald and fwts) ===
The discussion about "Colin King applying for PPU (eventstat, forkstat, health-check, idlestat, powerstat, smemstat, stress-ng, thermald and fwts)" started at 19:25.

  * ''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ColinKing/PPUApplicationTools 
  * ''LINK:'' https://lintian.debian.org/maintainer/colin.king@canonical.com.html 
  * ''Vote:'' Vote on Colin King getting upload rights to eventstat, forkstat, health-check, idlestat, powerstat, smemstat, stress-ng, thermald (Carried)
  * ''Vote:'' Vote on Colin King getting upload rights to eventstat, forkstat, health-check, idlestat, powerstat, smemstat, stress-ng, thermald, fwts (Carried)
  * ''ACTION:'' micahg to follow up on ML with vote on Colin King's PPU application

=== AOB ===
The discussion about "AOB" started at 20:03.




== Vote results ==

 * [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2014/ubuntu-meeting.2014-10-06-19.23.log.html#65 Vote on Colin King getting upload rights to eventstat, forkstat, health-check, idlestat, powerstat, smemstat, stress-ng, thermald]]
  * Motion carried (For/Against/Abstained 1/0/0)
   *  Voters ScottK
 * [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2014/ubuntu-meeting.2014-10-06-19.23.log.html#80 Vote on Colin King getting upload rights to eventstat, forkstat, health-check, idlestat, powerstat, smemstat, stress-ng, thermald, fwts]]
  * Motion carried (For/Against/Abstained 3/0/0)
   *  Voters micahg-work, bdmurray, ScottK



== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * cking (30)
 * micahg-work (29)
 * ScottK (26)
 * meetingology (20)
 * Noskcaj (5)
 * bdmurray (1)



== Full Log ==


 19:23 <micahg-work> #startmeeting Ubuntu Developer Membership Board

 19:23 <meetingology> Meeting started Mon Oct  6 19:23:28 2014 UTC.  The chair is micahg-work. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 19:23 <meetingology> 

 19:23 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 19:23 <micahg-work> welcome to the fortnightly DMB meeting

 19:25 <micahg-work> #topic Colin King applying for PPU (eventstat, forkstat, health-check, idlestat, powerstat, smemstat, stress-ng, thermald and fwts)

 19:25 <micahg-work> #link https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ColinKing/PPUApplicationTools

 19:25 <micahg-work> cking, care to introduce yourself?

 19:26 <cking> hi there, I've been working with Ubuntu now for 6+ years and I work in the Ubuntu Kernel team

 19:26 <cking> I like to focus on fixing bugs and improving code quality

 19:26 <micahg-work> #chair ScottK micahg-work

 19:26 <meetingology> Current chairs: ScottK micahg-work

 19:26 <cking> I'm also a Debian Maintainer for a bunch of packages: https://qa.debian.org/developer.php?login=colin.king@canonical.com

 19:27 <cking> ..I like to develop tools that help us find bugs and identify issues than need improving

 19:28 <cking> hence I'm requesting per package upload rights for these tools as well as the firmware test suite which I developed too

 19:28 <cking> is that enough?

 19:28 <micahg-work> I think so

 19:29 <ScottK> I see Lintian wants you to do a bit of man page work.  Any plans for that?

 19:30 <ScottK> #link https://lintian.debian.org/maintainer/colin.king@canonical.com.html

 19:30 <cking> yes, I'm planning to get the packages lintian clean, some if this requires me working upstream with the developer, such as thermald

 19:31 <ScottK> In the mean time, you can write the man pages and ship them in debian/.

 19:31 <cking> ..as I like to get fixes upstream first so everyone can benefit

 19:31 <cking> indeed, with idlestat, I was waiting for the next release of the code which is coming "real soon"-ish

 19:32 <ScottK> When one of your packages is uploaded, do you track that it makes from proposed to the release pocket?  If so, how?

 19:32 <cking> that's a good question, normally I give it a few days and when I'm not sure about the status I normally ask a fellow kernel team member to see what's happened

 19:33 <cking> but I should be more familiar with the exact process so I can be more on top of the situation

 19:33 <ScottK> Fair enough.  We can talk about it after.

 19:34 <ScottK> Which of your packages are seeded in Ubuntu images?

 19:34 <cking> currently just thermald, it's tied closely to the kernel as it stops CPUs overheating now that we've enabled the intel-pstate driver in the kernel

 19:35 <ScottK> How would you tell if any of the others had been added?

 19:35 <cking> erm, I'm not sure, I'd have to research that out

 19:35 <ScottK> seeded-in-ubuntu in ubuntu-dev-tools is the usual answer.

 19:36 <cking> ok

 19:36 <ScottK> Why would you care?  How would it affect if you were going to upload a package at a given time?

 19:37 <cking> i'd care because it's a package that is automatically included.  if not seeded in ubuntu then users can opt in so it's a "less" critical  package

 19:38 <cking> it also means I need to be really careful on the release cycle so I don't rush in any changes at a late stage. normally I want to ensure it's stable very early on to get enough soak time on it

 19:38 <ScottK> If there's a freeze on for an alpha/beta milestone seeded packages don't transition from proposed to release for the images involved in the milestone.

 19:40 <cking> ok, got it

 19:40 <micahg-work> are there any times when you can't upload a package that's not seeded?

 19:41 <ScottK> For future reference, for package migration you'll want to know about http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses.html and http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_output.txt - the latter takes some work to comprehend.  Don't worry about it now, have a look later.

 19:42 <cking> micahg-work, i must confess, I've not consider that before now

 19:42 <cking> where would I find that policy out?

 19:43 <micahg-work> on the release schedule are links to each freeze and their respective policies: https://wiki.ubuntu.com/UtopicUnicorn/ReleaseSchedule

 19:45 <ScottK> cking: What kind of changes would be OK for upload right now?

 19:45 <cking> ScottK, only bug fixes, and generally I'd only consider ones that were show-stoppers

 19:45 <ScottK> OK.

 19:46 <cking> SRU-like fixes

 19:46 <ScottK> If you had direct upload rights today and uploaded thermald, what would happen to it first?

 19:47 <cking> wouldn't it go into -proposed?

 19:48 <cking> then only once it has passed certain tests it would go into the release pocket

 19:48 <ScottK> No, since it's seeded it goes into unapproved and is reviewed by the release team before being manually accepted.

 19:48 <ScottK> (this happens after the last beta)

 19:48 <micahg-work> are you subscribed to ubuntu-devel-announce?

 19:49 <cking> yep

 19:49 <micahg-work> FYI, https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-devel-announce/2014-September/001113.html was send about 2 weeks ago

 19:50 <cking> oh, double check, I'm not 100% sure of that, I'm subscribed to quite a few, I need to look at my mail filters

 19:50 <micahg-work> since we don

 19:50 * cking has seen that email, so I must be subscribe

 19:50 <cking> *subscribed

 19:51 <micahg-work> since we don't have quorum, we can vote, but will have to finish on the ML

 19:51 <micahg-work> #voters bdmurray ScottK micahg-work

 19:51 <meetingology> Current voters: ScottK bdmurray micahg-work

 19:51 <ScottK> +1

 19:51 * ScottK wonders if he was too fast.

 19:52 <micahg-work> #vote Vote on Colin King getting upload rights to eventstat, forkstat, health-check, idlestat, powerstat, smemstat, stress-ng, thermald

 19:52 <meetingology> Please vote on: Vote on Colin King getting upload rights to eventstat, forkstat, health-check, idlestat, powerstat, smemstat, stress-ng, thermald

 19:52 <meetingology> Public votes can be registered by saying +1, +0 or -1 in channel, (for private voting, private message me with 'vote +1/-1/+0 #channelname)

 19:52 <ScottK> There we go.

 19:52 <ScottK> +1

 19:52 <meetingology> +1 received from ScottK

 19:52 * micahg-work believes upload rights exist for fwts already

 19:53 <cking> oh, that's news to me, must because I was historically part of the Hardware Enablement Team

 19:53 <cking> apologies for that

 19:53 <micahg-work> sorry, I might be mis-remembering

 19:55 <micahg-work> here, let's make that more official just in case

 19:55 <micahg-work> #endvote

 19:55 <meetingology> Voting ended on: Vote on Colin King getting upload rights to eventstat, forkstat, health-check, idlestat, powerstat, smemstat, stress-ng, thermald

 19:55 <meetingology> Votes for:1 Votes against:0 Abstentions:0

 19:55 <meetingology> Motion carried

 19:55 <micahg-work> #vote Vote on Colin King getting upload rights to eventstat, forkstat, health-check, idlestat, powerstat, smemstat, stress-ng, thermald, fwts

 19:55 <meetingology> Please vote on: Vote on Colin King getting upload rights to eventstat, forkstat, health-check, idlestat, powerstat, smemstat, stress-ng, thermald, fwts

 19:55 <meetingology> Public votes can be registered by saying +1, +0 or -1 in channel, (for private voting, private message me with 'vote +1/-1/+0 #channelname)

 19:55 <micahg-work> +1

 19:55 <meetingology> +1 received from micahg-work

 19:56 <ScottK> +1

 19:56 <meetingology> +1 received from ScottK

 19:56 <micahg-work> bdmurray, did you want to vote now?

 19:58 <bdmurray> +1

 19:58 <meetingology> +1 received from bdmurray

 20:00 <Noskcaj> Is there still time for my MOTU application or should i just go and get breakfast?

 20:00 <cking> thanks

 20:01 <micahg-work> Noskcaj, I think we're out of time on this one, are you available for the next meeting?

 20:01 <ScottK> Noskcaj: You're on for next time.

 20:01 <Noskcaj> sigh, another month

 20:01 <Noskcaj> Would anyone have 5 mins to check if i've done enough? https://wiki.ubuntu.com/Noskcaj

 20:02 <micahg-work> #endvote

 20:02 <meetingology> Voting ended on: Vote on Colin King getting upload rights to eventstat, forkstat, health-check, idlestat, powerstat, smemstat, stress-ng, thermald, fwts

 20:02 <meetingology> Votes for:3 Votes against:0 Abstentions:0

 20:02 <meetingology> Motion carried

 20:02 <micahg-work> cking, we'll take the vote to the ML

 20:02 <ScottK> Noskcaj: My recollection is that when I read it, I was confused about what you were applying for and what endorsements were related.

 20:02 <micahg-work> #action micahg to follow up on ML with vote on Colin King's PPU application

 20:02 * meetingology micahg to follow up on ML with vote on Colin King's PPU application

 20:03 <micahg-work> #topic AOB

 20:03 <ScottK> Nothing here.

 20:03 <Noskcaj> ScottK, Applying for MOTU, Xubuntu Packageset, and whatever the recommended gnome one is (packageset or desktop-extra)

 20:03 <ScottK> Didn't you get Xubuntu last time?

 20:03 * ScottK may misremember.

 20:04 <Noskcaj> ScottK, I got 4 packages, 1 of which was dropped from xubuntu and from my maintenance

 20:04 * micahg-work would like to remind applicants to please send a mail to devel-permissions explaining what they're applying for per https://wiki.ubuntu.com/DeveloperMembershipBoard#Application_process

 20:04 <micahg-work> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)