== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 18 Sep at 15:02 &mdash; 15:26 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2014/ubuntu-meeting.2014-09-18-15.02.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning round ===
The discussion about "Lightning round" started at 15:02.


=== AOB ===
The discussion about "AOB" started at 15:18.

  * ''LINK:'' http://people.ubuntuwire.org/~wgrant/rebuild-ftbfs-test/test-rebuild-20140914-utopic.html 



== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * slangasek (28)
 * sil2100 (25)
 * mvo_ (24)
 * robru (21)
 * bdmurray (19)
 * cjwatson (18)
 * ubottu (17)
 * jodh (15)
 * barry (9)
 * stgraber (9)
 * bhuey (8)
 * doko (7)
 * caribou (6)
 * meetingology (3)



== Full Log ==


 15:02 <slangasek> #startmeeting

 15:02 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Sep 18 15:02:24 2014 UTC.  The chair is slangasek. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 15:02 <meetingology> 

 15:02 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 15:02 <slangasek> [TOPIC] Lightning round

 15:02 <slangasek> $ echo $(shuf -e barry doko stgraber jodh bdmurray slangasek cjwatson caribou infinity mvo bhuey sil2100 robru)

 15:02 <slangasek> infinity sil2100 doko stgraber caribou cjwatson bhuey bdmurray mvo robru slangasek barry jodh

 15:02 <slangasek> no infinity here currently

 15:02 <slangasek> sil2100:

 15:03 <sil2100> ACK

 15:03 <sil2100> - Landing team work, preparing landing e-mails

 15:03 <sil2100> - Coordinating the promotion of ubuntu and ubuntu-rtm channels

 15:03 <sil2100> - CI Train maintenance and features:

 15:03 <sil2100> * Preparing the switch to doing binary copies in synces

 15:03 <sil2100> * Adding flag giving the option not to append the ~rtm to the version for ubuntu-rtm

 15:03 <sil2100> * Fixing some publish job issues

 15:03 <sil2100> * First try on fixing the watch-ppa problem with sync silos

 15:03 <sil2100> * Tweaking CI Train to properly handle silo synces (sync:x) in both ways

 15:03 <sil2100> - Repartitioning and updating my krillin

 15:03 <sil2100> - Creating the base version of TouchChannels wiki page

 15:03 <sil2100> - Discussions regarding new landing schemes, landing enhancements etc.

 15:03 <sil2100> - Ubuntu Engineering Live!

 15:03 <sil2100> - First look into the CI Train Dashboard code in preparation for some changes

 15:03 <sil2100> - Quick fix for the spreadsheet to list image numbers for more than just mako

 15:03 <sil2100> - Working on preparing another list of missing packages not synced to ubuntu-rtm

 15:03 <sil2100> - More additions to the Issue Tracker, still under testing

 15:03 <sil2100> (done)

 15:04 <doko> - trusty test rebuilds (release, updates and security)

 15:04 <doko> - utopic test rebuilds (main only). PLEASE FIX the ftbfs ...

 15:04 <doko> - currently at Linaro Connect

 15:04 <doko> - ibm java upload (finally)

 15:04 <doko> (done)

 15:04 <stgraber> - Quite a bunch of internal meetings and working on internal projects and

 15:04 <stgraber> documentation, so still not much I can share, sorry.

 15:04 <stgraber> - Some LXC code reviews and related discussions.

 15:04 <stgraber> - Did some FFe reviews.

 15:04 <stgraber> - Some system-image config updates for RTM.

 15:04 <stgraber> - Uploaded ubiquity fixing that Windows UEFI bug I mentioned last week.

 15:04 <stgraber> - Some admin work for Linux Plumbers, we're getting close!

 15:04 <stgraber> (DONE)

 15:04 <caribou> * working toward sosreport 3.2 release

 15:05 <caribou> * Degraded mode issue with grub when localized in french :

 15:05 <caribou> - SRU for bug #1073108 in just one day. thanks to cjwatson

 15:05 <ubottu> bug 1073108 in grub2 (Ubuntu Precise) "grub-pc fails to boot (system resets after GRUB prompt) on degraded RAID" [Medium,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1073108

 15:05 <caribou> * New uptream makedumpfile release : 1.5.7 - Used the opportunity to release the new networked kdump functionality - My first official DM upload

 15:05 <caribou> (done)

 15:05 <cjwatson> Emergency PackageKit fix prompted by a linkage change in apt.

 15:05 <cjwatson> click:

 15:05 <cjwatson> - Working on new D-Bus service to replace our use of PackageKit.  Took a while to get hold of the connected username but Martin Pitt eventually dug me out of my misunderstanding.

 15:05 <cjwatson> - I have the service running now; just need to write the client side.

 15:05 <cjwatson> - Minor fix to "click info" to cope with getting manifests from files that don't end with .click, which shouldn't be required for installation.

 15:05 <cjwatson> Kept up with all sorts of miniature fires in ubuntu-rtm, image building, etc.

 15:05 <cjwatson> Trying to work out how best to get add-apt-repository working on ubuntu-rtm, which requires a bit more than what's in software-properties/utopic now.  I have most of a possible approach but awaiting feedback from Michael when he has time.

 15:05 <cjwatson> Reviewed/sponsored fixes for bug 1362752 and bug 1073108.

 15:05 <ubottu> bug 1362752 in Kubuntu PPA "no SDDM autologin even if ubiquity box is set" [Medium,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1362752

 15:05 <cjwatson> On the side, worked on a new man-db release.  Ordering file accesses by their first physical extent (idea from dpkg) makes mandb run about three times faster on rotational disks!

 15:05 <cjwatson> ..

 15:06 <mvo_> cjwatson: what linkage change what that? I don't think this was intended … :/

 15:06 <cjwatson> Oh, also, I'm off on Monday visiting family.

 15:07 <cjwatson> mvo_: I don't think it was apt's fault which is why I didn't complain at you - just a side-effect of an otherwise innocent change.

 15:07 <cjwatson> mvo_: https://github.com/hughsie/PackageKit/pull/11 has the details

 15:07 <mvo_> heh, thanks

 15:07 <bdmurray> slangasek: no bill?

 15:07 <slangasek> seems not

 15:07 <slangasek> bdmurray: you're up then

 15:07 <bdmurray> pushed daisy change not to write ProcMaps for resume from suspend failures

 15:07 <bdmurray> updated daisy to retry failed to retrace armhf crashes

 15:08 <bdmurray> updated daisy not to retrace crashes with "[origin: " in Package

 15:08 <bdmurray> investigation into retracer slowness (seems to be associated with apport r2854)

 15:08 <bdmurray> reported apport bug 1370230 regarding apport-retrace being slower

 15:08 <ubottu> bug 1370230 in Apport "apport-retrace has become slower" [Low,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1370230

 15:08 <bdmurray> working with thedac to test staging cassandra and cleanup excess data

 15:08 <slangasek> bhuey: let us know if/when you're here

 15:08 <bdmurray> attended cassandra summit 2014

 15:08 <bdmurray> modified phased-updater to use changes file to find email addresses if they have hidden their address in launchpad

 15:08 <bdmurray> documented a test case for bug 1353171

 15:08 <ubottu> bug 1353171 in apt (Ubuntu Trusty) "Misparses dpkg status line, fails to write apport reports" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1353171

 15:08 <bdmurray> reported ubuntu-release-upgrader bug 1370243

 15:08 <ubottu> bug 1370243 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu Utopic) "do-release-upgrade causing tracebacks with no_longer_supported string" [High,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1370243

 15:08 <bdmurray> overrode false regression regarding ubuntu-release-upgrader

 15:08 <bhuey> slangasek: ok

 15:08 <cjwatson> mvo_: (that kFreeBSD-related change meant that libapt-pkg no longer uses forkpty, which means that it no longer links against anything in -lutil, so the linker drops it)

 15:08 <bdmurray> updated arsenal code to fix roaksoax issues also helped him write a report

 15:08 <bdmurray> worked with manjo regarding flash-kernel SRU bug report

 15:08 <bdmurray> review of xnox's improving whoopsie ID stability work

 15:08 <bdmurray> tried to build whoopsie and resolve a dbus test failure

 15:08 <bdmurray> wrote a greasemonkey script to help slangasek review employee candidates

 15:08 <bdmurray> arranged travel to Devices Sprint in October

 15:08 <cjwatson> mvo_: (I mean openpty)

 15:08 <mvo_> cjwatson: yeah, once I saw your diff I figured it out

 15:08 <bdmurray> ✔ done

 15:08 <mvo_> apt:

 15:08 <mvo_> - Big security update (CVE-2014-0487, CVE-2014-0488, CVE-2014-0489,

 15:08 <mvo_> CVE-2014-0490)

 15:08 <mvo_> - Hunt/fix regression from last security update (#1371058, bts #762079)

 15:08 <mvo_> - Work on update improvements

 15:08 <mvo_> - Debug/fix proxy-override bug #759264

 15:08 <bhuey> This week

 15:08 <bhuey> -TCK compiler test suite is running with only a few errors

 15:08 <bhuey> -TCK devtools test suite runs without failures. About 21000 tests for both suites

 15:08 <mvo_> click:

 15:08 <ubottu> ** RESERVED ** This candidate has been reserved by an organization or individual that will use it when announcing a new security problem.  When the candidate has been publicized, the details for this candidate will be provided. (http://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2014-0487)

 15:08 <bhuey> -learn about the TCK configuration file and how to add environment variables and shell

 15:09 <mvo_> - Work on acquire support (lp:~mvo/click/acquire)

 15:09 <ubottu> ** RESERVED ** This candidate has been reserved by an organization or individual that will use it when announcing a new security problem.  When the candidate has been publicized, the details for this candidate will be provided. (http://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2014-0488)

 15:09 <mvo_> using the apt methods, udm plugin and pycurl plugin

 15:09 <bhuey> -read a few small documents about ubuntu/debian packaging

 15:09 <mvo_> - Work on click hook for $PATH support for cli apps

 15:09 <mvo_> (lp:~mvo/click/click-bin-path)

 15:09 <ubottu> ** RESERVED ** This candidate has been reserved by an organization or individual that will use it when announcing a new security problem.  When the candidate has been publicized, the details for this candidate will be provided. (http://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2014-0489)

 15:09 <mvo_> - Work on "repository" support for click, i.e. the click store for now

 15:09 <mvo_> to query and see updates (lp:~mvo/click/repository)

 15:09 <ubottu> ** RESERVED ** This candidate has been reserved by an organization or individual that will use it when announcing a new security problem.  When the candidate has been publicized, the details for this candidate will be provided. (http://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2014-0490)

 15:09 <ubottu> bug 759264 in libreoffice (Ubuntu) "soffice.bin crashed with SIGSEGV" [Medium,Expired] https://launchpad.net/bugs/759264

 15:09 <mvo_> - Review lp:~cjwatson/click/system-hook-gc/+merge/234456

 15:09 <mvo_> - Server image work/discussion

 15:09 <mvo_> misc:

 15:09 <mvo_> - help analyzing image size:

 15:09 <mvo_> lp:~mvo/+junk/naive-remover (not that naive anymore)

 15:09 <mvo_> - look at pkgbinarymangler bug #1072297 without much success

 15:09 <mvo_> (done)

 15:09 <ubottu> bug 1072297 in pkgbinarymangler (Ubuntu) ""Installed-Size" field in most of Ubuntu packages from the main section is incorrect" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1072297

 15:09 <cjwatson> TCK devtools> nice!  how horrible was it to get that far?

 15:09 <bhuey> (done)

 15:09 <robru> one sec

 15:10 <bhuey> sorry for posting with bad timing

 15:10 <robru> * CI Train

 15:10 <robru> - pep8 & pyflakes cleanup for cupstream2distro/ dir

 15:10 <robru> - eliminate some copypasta from prepare_silo.py

 15:10 <robru> - broke a logical unit out of main() into a new function with tests

 15:10 <robru> - found a reimplementatin of set.discard and deleted it in favor of using set.discard

 15:10 <robru> - increased the logging in the build job to try and troubleshoot the issue where it reports successful builds immediately without actually scanning the PPA. still no luck on a solution there though

 15:10 <robru> - total overhaul of prepare_silo_using_spreadsheet_info.py with tests

 15:10 <robru> - Fixed or deleted the remaining skipped tests -- no more skipped tests!

 15:10 <robru> - deleted a ton of unused code

 15:10 <robru> - transformed citrain/ dir into a real python module so eg. if one script needs to call another script, they can import and call each other in a tidy pythonic way, rather than shelling out to invoke each other.

 15:10 <robru> - (plus ten million landings)

 15:10 <robru> (done)

 15:11 <barry> robru: "found a reimplementatin of set.discard and deleted it" wow

 15:11 <robru> barry: you have no idea

 15:12 <mvo_> heh :)

 15:12 <robru> barry: http://bazaar.launchpad.net/+branch/cupstream2distro/revision/734#cupstream2distro/packageinppamanager.py

 15:12 <sil2100> robru: the watch-ppa thing is fixed now

 15:12 <slangasek> * analysis of the phone images for low-hanging fruit to remove (thanks, mvo!); will be unseeding some fonts that are directly seeded and shouldn't be

 15:12 <slangasek> * started a biweekly landing team meeting to dig further into topics that don't fit in the daily stand-ups

 15:12 <slangasek> * TI partner package reviews: there are a lot of them again for another round, look for some of these reviews to be distributed

 15:12 <slangasek> * next Wednesday, out for a business meeting with a partner in Seattle

 15:12 <slangasek> * archive rebuild: working through the cross-toolchain packages, the packaging is an out-of-sync mess but I have the overall package building again and now just need to get everything back in sync

 15:12 <slangasek> (done)

 15:13 <barry> phone: LP: #1365646; LP: #1365761.  LP: #1370586 (discussion & triage).  tons of improvement in system-image test coverage (now at 100%, modulo bugs in coverage, and a sprinkle of pragmas).  upstream si 2.4 release.  s-i 2.4-0ubuntu1 in citrain.  removed b-d on tox and its dependencies, so fewer MIRs to deal with.  testing.

 15:13 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1365646 in system-image (Ubuntu) "Top Crasher: /usr/sbin/system-image-dbus:RuntimeError:_download" [Critical,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1365646

 15:13 <robru> sil2100: do you have a branch? it's not in trunk yet

 15:13 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1365761 in system-image (Ubuntu) "/usr/bin/system-image-cli:PermissionError:/usr/bin/system-image-cli@9:main:last_update_date" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1365761

 15:13 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1370586 in Ubuntu system image "Add synchronous method to determine if there are known updates" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1370586

 15:13 <barry> debuntu: zope.schema 4.4.2-1.  colorama 0.3.2-1.  argvalidate (0.9.0-2 to kill off one more pysupport revdep).

 15:13 <barry> other: submitted two talk proposals for pycon 2015

 15:13 <barry> ..

 15:13 <sil2100> robru: yeah it's not as the merger rejected merging it since I switched it to 'Approved' before it ran CI

 15:14 <sil2100> robru: so the merger said "Unapproved changes made after approval."

 15:14 <sil2100> My push wasn't registered on time

 15:14 <jodh> * upstart

 15:14 <jodh> - trusty SRU prep for bug 1338637 and bug 901038 including detailed instructions

 15:14 <jodh> on bug 1338637, test case, expected results and work-around. Current plan to wait for the fix

 15:14 <ubottu> bug 1338637 in upstart (Ubuntu Trusty) "continuous re-exec can result in a build-up of inotify fds [SRU]" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1338637

 15:14 <ubottu> bug 901038 in upstart (Ubuntu) "packages fail to install: Failed to connect to socket /com/ubuntu/upstart: Connection refused" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/901038

 15:14 <jodh> for 901038 to land in Utopic, wait a few days, then progress SRU.

 15:14 <jodh> Branch available at lp:~jamesodhunt/ubuntu/trusty/upstart/SRU-bugs-901038+1338637.

 15:14 <jodh> - Pre-emptively created a draft test-plan for Touch for upstart-file-bridge changes:

 15:14 <jodh> https://wiki.ubuntu.com/Process/TestPlans/upstart-1.13.2

 15:14 <jodh> - upstart job reviews.

 15:14 <jodh> - bug 1360208: Work completed. This was a relatively big change and is now fully backed

 15:14 <ubottu> bug 1360208 in upstart "file watcher doesn't execute if combining ~ and * in the file description" [Medium,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1360208

 15:14 <jodh> by new tests. Awaiting review:

 15:14 <jodh> https://code.launchpad.net/~jamesodhunt/upstart/bug-1360208/+merge/234869

 15:14 <jodh> * system image.

 15:14 <jodh> - Minor updates to lp:~ubuntu-foundations-team/+junk/create-ubuntu-core-image.

 15:14 <sil2100> robru: https://code.launchpad.net/~sil2100/cupstream2distro/reintroduce_fixes/+merge/235105 <- I re-switched it again

 15:14 <jodh> - Working on making root r/o and creating a generic package to make specific parts of system writeable.

 15:14 <jodh> ਠਃ

 15:15 <barry> robru: re that diff.  you are having too much "fun"

 15:15 <slangasek> uhoh, jodh has taken up ingress glyph hacking

 15:15 <slangasek> any questions over the above?

 15:17 <robru> barry: well all this "fun" was just waiting for me to find it...

 15:17 <robru> sil2100: ok we can try it today

 15:18 <slangasek> [TOPIC] AOB

 15:19 <slangasek> anything else for today?

 15:19 <slangasek> (who wants to review resumes? :)

 15:19 <barry> slangasek: i can look at a few

 15:19 <cjwatson> o/

 15:19 <cjwatson> (as previously mentioned)

 15:20 <slangasek> cool... I'll start shooting them out to folks then :)

 15:20 <sil2100> Resumes?

 15:20 <robru> sil2100: hiring xnox's replacement

 15:20 <slangasek> or "CV"s if you prefer

 15:20 <slangasek> :)

 15:21 <sil2100> ACK!

 15:21 <robru> slangasek: I like to call them resumes because they indicate my desire to resume working.

 15:21 <barry> :-D

 15:21 <doko> http://people.ubuntuwire.org/~wgrant/rebuild-ftbfs-test/test-rebuild-20140914-utopic.html

 15:21 <slangasek> robru: isn't the making of such bad puns on words of French origin prohibited by Canadian law?

 15:22 <doko> please fix these, or pester other teams ...

 15:22 <robru> slangasek: shhh, the language police will hear you!

 15:23 <slangasek> je suis le gendarme de langages, moi !

 15:23 <stgraber> :)

 15:23 <caribou> oh, yeah barry got a minute of fame on LWN : http://lwn.net/Articles/611932/

 15:23 <slangasek> barry: lol, nice quote

 15:24 * barry masks the pain behind the funny

 15:26 <slangasek> so yes, echoing doko's request above, let's get these build failures driven down... turning them into bugs (tagged 'ftbfs') is a good start towards making teams accountable for their failing packages :)

 15:26 <slangasek> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)