== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 14 Apr at 16:34 &mdash; 17:25 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2014/ubuntu-meeting.2014-04-14-16.34.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting 
=== Announcements ===
The discussion about "Announcements" started at 16:34.


=== Weekly stand-up report ===
The discussion about "Weekly stand-up report" started at 16:35.

  * ''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/Touch/Install#Supported_devices_and_codenames 

=== Highlighted packages ===
The discussion about "Highlighted packages" started at 17:11.

  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/pywbem.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/php-radius.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/ibm-3270.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/tpp.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/ltp.html 

=== Miscellaneous and Questions ===
The discussion about "Miscellaneous and Questions" started at 17:12.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * jdstrand (58)
 * mdeslaur (22)
 * chrisccoulson (17)
 * jjohansen (12)
 * sarnold (8)
 * tyhicks (8)
 * sbeattie (6)
 * meetingology (3)
 * ubottu (1)



== Full Log ==


 16:34 <jdstrand> #startmeeting

 16:34 <meetingology> Meeting started Mon Apr 14 16:34:34 2014 UTC.  The chair is jdstrand. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:34 <meetingology> 

 16:34 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 16:34 <jdstrand> The meeting agenda can be found at:

 16:34 <jdstrand> [LINK] https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting

 16:34 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Announcements

 16:34 <jdstrand> Thanks to Patrik Lundin (patrik-lundin) provided debdiffs for lucid-precise for OpenAFS (LP: #1305807). Your work is very much appreciated and will keep Ubuntu users secure. Great job! :)

 16:34 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1305807 in openafs (Ubuntu) "DSA-2899-1 openafs -- security update" [Undecided,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1305807

 16:35 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Weekly stand-up report

 16:35 <jdstrand> I'll go first

 16:35 <jdstrand> I've got a short week this week (off friday) and next (off monday)

 16:35 <jdstrand> I'm on triage this week

 16:35 <jdstrand> I'd like to finish up install testing. I did desktop and server already and filed a couple of bugs

 16:36 <jdstrand> still going through touch

 16:36 <jdstrand> I'd like to take a look at scopes confinement

 16:36 <jdstrand> and get to some updates

 16:36 <jdstrand> mdeslaur: you're up

 16:36 <mdeslaur> I'm on community this week

 16:36 <mdeslaur> I'm off on monday also

 16:37 <mdeslaur> I'm working on the usual CVE updates

 16:37 <mdeslaur> that's pretty much it for me, sbeattie, you're up

 16:37 <sbeattie> I'm focused on apparmor again this week.

 16:37 <sbeattie> I'm still trying to wrap up my review of jjohansen's patches

 16:38 <sbeattie> as well as writing and doing some additional tests

 16:38 <sbeattie> I need to shave some yaks and upgrade a couple of my secondary systems to trusty

 16:39 <sbeattie> That's pretty much it for me; tyhicks, you're up

 16:40 <tyhicks> I didn't get to iterate on the aa.py patches last week, so I've still got to do that

 16:41 <tyhicks> I was just reminded that I need to respin the patches in the upstream dbus-daemon AA mediation bug after some feedback I received

 16:41 <tyhicks> after that, I need to take a look at my work items and sync up w/ mdeslaur

 16:41 <jdstrand> wasn't there kdbus stuff from a bit back?

 16:42 <tyhicks> jdstrand: ah, yes! that'll be what I focus on

 16:42 <tyhicks> thanks

 16:42 <tyhicks> that's it for me

 16:42 <tyhicks> jjohansen: you're up

 16:44 <jjohansen> I'm working on apparmor this week. I need to finish up the backport kernels for ubuntu touch, and finish up with several bugs lp1306804, two refcount bugs, a pivot_root bug, as well as kick out a new iteration of patches for review

 16:44 <jdstrand> jjohansen: which kernels are you doing?

 16:45 <jjohansen> jdstrand: for the backport?

 16:45 <jdstrand> yeah

 16:45 <jjohansen> jdstrand: atm 3.4 mako/manta but will also need to do flo

 16:45 <jjohansen> after that we can see

 16:46 <jdstrand> grouper might be interesting since several people on the team have it

 16:46 <jjohansen> yeah

 16:46 <jdstrand> unity hasn't run super great on it, but I noticed that is is actually useful if you clear out /var/crash/* and kill any running apports

 16:47 <jdstrand> not saying it is a high priority though. it isn't for me know that I have flo

 16:48 <jdstrand> jjohansen: oh, goldfish too-- that probably is a high priority

 16:48 <jdstrand> s/know/now/

 16:48 <jjohansen> jdstrand: your the only one on the team

 16:48 <jdstrand> with flo?

 16:48 <jjohansen> jdstrand: yeah goldfish too

 16:49 <jdstrand> (fyi, my flo is my personal device that I dual boot)

 16:49 <jjohansen> jdstrand: basically those 4 are all the same backport for apparmor

 16:49 <jdstrand> oh goldfish is with the others?

 16:49 <jdstrand> I either forgot or never knew that :)

 16:49 <mdeslaur> what's goldfish?

 16:49 <jjohansen> emulator

 16:49 <jdstrand> emulator

 16:49 <mdeslaur> oh

 16:50 <sarnold> do we have a handy table somewhere to convert these names into what they actually are?

 16:51 <mdeslaur> sarnold: I'm making one right now

 16:51 <jjohansen> sarnold: hrmm, I'm not sure we do for all of them, there is https://wiki.ubuntu.com/Touch/Devices for the earlier ones

 16:51 <tyhicks> https://wiki.ubuntu.com/Touch/Install#Supported_devices_and_codenames

 16:51 <mdeslaur> sarnold: before insanity sets in

 16:51 <sarnold> yay

 16:52 <mdeslaur> oh, well, there you go

 16:52 <mdeslaur> except for goldfish they're all there

 16:52 <jjohansen> anyways thats it for me sarnold you are up

 16:52 <sarnold> I'm in my happy place this week

 16:52 <sarnold> which this week means apparmor patch review

 16:52 <sarnold> I'm finished with all the MIRs for trusty :)

 16:53 <mdeslaur> \o/

 16:53 <sbeattie> yay

 16:53 * jjohansen is not sure that is such a happy place, but is glad sarnold is a masochist

 16:53 <sarnold> yeah :) \o/ indeed :)

 16:53 <sarnold> but it'll be nice to reduce the number of not-checked-in patches for apparmor, so hooray

 16:54 <sarnold> that's me done, chrisccoulson?

 16:54 <chrisccoulson> hi :)

 16:54 <chrisccoulson> this week, i've got a chromium update

 16:55 <chrisccoulson> and i'm also currently investigating getting hangouts working in oxide (requires support for ppapi plugins)

 16:56 <chrisccoulson> other than that, it's business as usual :)

 16:56 <jdstrand> chrisccoulson: we already have those security updates in oxide 501, correct?

 16:57 <chrisccoulson> jdstrand, we're based on the dev channel, so I guess so. things are going to be a bit confusing until we're on the stable channel

 16:57 <jdstrand> chrisccoulson: yeah, you've got the plan to get there though. I forget when you said we'd be on stable...

 16:58 <chrisccoulson> i'm going to aim to branch for beta at the next chromium release. i think that's realistic now

 16:58 <chrisccoulson> so that would mean we'd be on stable within the next 2 releases

 16:58 <chrisccoulson> ie, by chromium 36

 16:58 <chrisccoulson> (we're on 34 now)

 16:59 <jdstrand> is that ~4 weeks?

 17:00 <chrisccoulson> it's a bit longer than that. the releases seem to be ~6 weeks

 17:00 <chrisccoulson> when do we do 14.04.1?

 17:01 <jdstrand> ah

 17:01 <jdstrand> ok

 17:01 <jdstrand> I couldn't remember if the major release was 2 weeks or 6

 17:02 <chrisccoulson> so, 12.04.1 was in august

 17:03 <jdstrand> that's fine

 17:03 <chrisccoulson> we can be on a stable channel quite a way before then :)

 17:03 * jdstrand nods

 17:03 <jdstrand> I'm not worried, I just couldn't remember the timing

 17:03 <mdeslaur> what's special about 14.04.1?

 17:03 <chrisccoulson> i'll send an e-mail later so everybody is aware, but I think the aim should be that we branch on the next chromium release (~5-6 weeks from now)

 17:03 <jdstrand> mdeslaur: its when precise users get the update-manager recommendation to upgrade

 17:04 <mdeslaur> jdstrand: I know what it is, I just don't know why that has anything to do with oxide

 17:04 <jdstrand> webapp-container is used on the desktop

 17:04 <jdstrand> installed by default and uses oxide

 17:04 <mdeslaur> o_O?

 17:05 <mdeslaur> where?

 17:05 <jdstrand> webapps

 17:05 <jdstrand> this is so we don't need all the special code in firefox and chromium that was so brittle and either broke or blocked the updates

 17:05 <mdeslaur> wow

 17:06 <jdstrand> (this was the webapps' team plan for the 14.04 dev cycle all along)

 17:06 <jdstrand> it's in an image near you right now :)

 17:06 <mdeslaur> ok, hah, well it instantly segfaults for me in 14.04

 17:06 <jdstrand> uh

 17:06 <chrisccoulson> oh :/

 17:06 <jdstrand> it should not. are you up to date? please file a bug

 17:07 <jdstrand> 1.0.0~bzr501-0ubuntu1 is the latest

 17:07 <mdeslaur> does it require 3d?

 17:08 <mdeslaur> it explodes in a vm, but not on my main desktop

 17:08 <chrisccoulson> aha, qtquick requires a GL api

 17:08 <mdeslaur> ah, ok, it segfaults because it doesn't have enough ram

 17:09 <mdeslaur> bumping up the ram in the vm fixed it

 17:11 <mdeslaur> jdstrand, chrisccoulson: sorry for interrupting, please continue

 17:11 <chrisccoulson> oh, I think I'm done now anyway :)

 17:11 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Highlighted packages

 17:11 <jdstrand> The Ubuntu Security team will highlight some community-supported packages that might be good candidates for updating and or triaging. If you would like to help Ubuntu and not sure where to start, this is a great way to do so.

 17:12 <jdstrand> See https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/UpdateProcedures for details and if you have any questions, feel free to ask in #ubuntu-security. To find out other ways of helping out, please see https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/GettingInvolved.

 17:12 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/pywbem.html

 17:12 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/php-radius.html

 17:12 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/ibm-3270.html

 17:12 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/tpp.html

 17:12 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/ltp.html

 17:12 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Miscellaneous and Questions

 17:12 <jdstrand> Does anyone have any other questions or items to discuss?

 17:25 <jdstrand> mdeslaur, sbeattie, tyhicks, jjohansen, sarnold, ChrisCoulson: thanks!

 17:25 <jdstrand> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)