== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 05 Jun at 15:05 &mdash; 15:43 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2014/ubuntu-meeting.2014-06-05-15.05.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== lightning round ===
The discussion about "lightning round" started at 15:05.


=== UOS ===
The discussion about "UOS" started at 15:34.

  * ''LINK:'' http://summit.ubuntu.com/uos-1406 
  * ''LINK:'' https://blueprints.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+spec/development-1406-server-system-images 

=== AOB ===
The discussion about "AOB" started at 15:42.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * slangasek (54)
 * mvo (31)
 * bhuey (24)
 * cjwatson (21)
 * xnox (18)
 * ubottu (18)
 * stgraber (17)
 * jodh (16)
 * bdmurray (15)
 * sil2100 (12)
 * doko (12)
 * robru (7)
 * barry (6)
 * caribou (4)
 * meetingology (3)
 * ogra_ (1)



== Full Log ==


 15:05 <slangasek> #startmeeting

 15:05 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Jun  5 15:05:17 2014 UTC.  The chair is slangasek. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 15:05 <meetingology> 

 15:05 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 15:05 <slangasek> [TOPIC] lightning round

 15:05 <xnox> doko: we were discussing the sprint on mumble, the one on the slopes ;-)

 15:05 <slangasek> $ echo $(shuf -e barry doko stgraber jodh bdmurray slangasek cjwatson xnox caribou infinity mvo bhuey sil2100 robru)

 15:05 <slangasek> robru sil2100 mvo bdmurray bhuey doko cjwatson caribou barry xnox slangasek stgraber infinity jodh

 15:06 <slangasek> hmm, no, let me reshuffle

 15:06 <xnox> slangasek: that's not random at all =)

 15:06 <slangasek> $ echo $(shuf -e barry doko stgraber jodh bdmurray slangasek cjwatson xnox caribou infinity mvo bhuey sil2100 robru)

 15:06 <slangasek> doko cjwatson caribou bdmurray sil2100 bhuey mvo slangasek infinity barry robru xnox jodh stgraber

 15:06 * barry takes a 15m nap

 15:06 <slangasek> better ;)

 15:06 <xnox> yeah =)

 15:06 <bhuey> folks

 15:06 <doko> - client sprint

 15:06 <doko> - mentoring for openjdk-7 builds

 15:06 <doko> - openjdk-8 packaging, now building everywhere except on armhf

 15:06 <doko> - GCC 4.7.4 updates

 15:06 <doko> - preparing GCC updates for trusty

 15:06 <doko> - python 2.7.7 release

 15:06 <doko> - python 3.4.1 uploads, ensurepip fixes

 15:06 <doko> - fix the last (?) python autopkg test failures

 15:07 <doko> (done)

 15:07 <cjwatson> Starting in on phone RTM archive preparations:

 15:07 <cjwatson> - Discussion of plans with ubuntu-release/ubuntu-phone/launchpad-dev.

 15:07 <cjwatson> - Started writing sketch derive-distribution script; not got very far yet.

 15:07 <cjwatson> - Working on generalising proposed-migration a little to be able to handle multiple series, which will be immediately useful as a dry-run for stable releases and will be needed for RTM.

 15:07 <cjwatson> - To do next: move cron.germinate out of Launchpad into ubuntu-archive-publishing to remove one more piece of Ubuntu-specific hardcoding; possibly pick up one or two other small LP tasks; make further progress on derive-distribution script.

 15:07 <cjwatson> Click:

 15:07 <cjwatson> - Fixed broken getpwnam caching.

 15:07 <cjwatson> - QA call.

 15:07 <cjwatson> - Handled renaming of upstart-app-launch to ubuntu-app-launch.

 15:07 <cjwatson> Bootstrapped opencolorio/openimageio on armhf.

 15:07 <cjwatson> Fixed up samba build failures that were indirectly blocking many other builds in -proposed (notably unity8).

 15:08 <cjwatson> Sponsored biosdevname fixes (bug 1324558).

 15:08 <ubottu> bug 1324558 in biosdevname (Ubuntu Saucy) "[SRU] biosdevname returns identical names for two different devices." [Undecided,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1324558

 15:08 <cjwatson> Sent MP fixing mir/arm64 build.

 15:08 <cjwatson> Scalingstack/buildd-manager call with IS and William.

 15:08 <cjwatson> Started on my backlog of ppc64el boot loader bugs in response to some PM nagging.

 15:08 <cjwatson> ..

 15:08 <doko> you're on vacation, go away ;-P

 15:08 <cjwatson> doko: who is?

 15:09 <doko> cjwatson, I thought you ...

 15:09 <cjwatson> nope

 15:09 <cjwatson> I took a swap day on Tuesday

 15:09 * xnox has no idea when/who is on vacations after the new hr system got introduced

 15:09 <ogra_> you could use that to your advantage ;)

 15:09 <slangasek> the HR system has been fixed and no longer tells me I have the entire month of June approved as swap time ;-(

 15:10 <bdmurray> caribou: ?

 15:10 <caribou> oh, sorry

 15:10 <caribou> * Qemu/KVM crash analysis : many difficulties

 15:10 <caribou> * Custom preseed for HP soft RAID controller

 15:10 <caribou> (done)

 15:11 <bdmurray> client sprint

 15:11 <bdmurray> tested errors with django 1.5 (different fail)

 15:11 <bdmurray> modified daisy to log date and time in errors log

 15:11 <bdmurray> modified daisy to return OOPS ID when a crash is reported (bug 1326000)

 15:11 <bdmurray> modified whoopsie to log OOPS ID when a crash is reported (bug 1326000)

 15:11 <ubottu> bug 1326000 in whoopsie (Ubuntu) "whoopsie should record OOPS ID for an uploaded crash" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1326000

 15:11 <bdmurray> commited a fix for errors bug 1324924

 15:11 <bdmurray> fixed error with errors charm not restarting gunicorn

 15:11 <bdmurray> discussed https://blueprints.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+spec/foundations-1308-click-error-reporting with cjwatson

 15:11 <ubottu> bug 1324924 in Errors "create bug link should not appear if the package is unknown" [Medium,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1324924

 15:11 <bdmurray> fixed LP: #1324589 regarding xdiagnose

 15:11 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1324589 in xdiagnose (Ubuntu) "crashes reported by apport-gpu-error-intel.py are missing the package version" [Undecided,Won't fix] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1324589

 15:11 <bdmurray> submitted merge proposal fixing bug 1324833

 15:11 <bdmurray> ubuntu-release-upgrader bug triage

 15:11 <bdmurray> research into duplicates of upgrade bug 1324196 regarding python from PPA

 15:11 <ubottu> bug 1324833 in aptdaemon (Ubuntu) "crash handler does not include package version" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1324833

 15:11 <ubottu> bug 1324196 in update-manager (Ubuntu) "upgrade from 12.04 or 13.10 to 14.04 not possible due to python3 from blender PPA" [Medium,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1324196

 15:11 <bdmurray> ubuntu-release-upgrader SRU verification

 15:11 <bdmurray> âœ” done

 15:12 <sil2100> o/

 15:13 <sil2100> So, this week I've been mostly busy with CI Train landing coordination and fighting with various issues we had from the landings we made

 15:13 <sil2100> On Friday we landed a big feature, the split-out greeter from unity8, which generally caused many issues arising in our test infrastructure and image quality

 15:14 <sil2100> Long story short, this got fixed, but now we're still battling the results of another buggy landing - the upstart-app-launch rename to ubuntu-app-launch, which seems to have caused some issues

 15:15 <sil2100> In the meantime I also fixed some of the minor bugs in citrain code that we had and worked on some new features, like auto-updating changelog messages if there are dependency changes present

 15:15 <sil2100> This can be disabled and tries to be smart

 15:15 <sil2100> There were some more minor things going on, but probably got lost in my mind in-between the big firefighting we've been doing

 15:16 <sil2100> Just as a final note:

 15:16 <sil2100> We will be entering the so called TRAINCON-0 mode today again because there has been no promotions lately

 15:16 <robru> ooooh

 15:16 <sil2100> So this will mean that landings will be slowed down a bit

 15:16 <sil2100> Ok, I think that's all o/

 15:16 <slangasek> cool

 15:17 <slangasek> bhuey: care to say a few words about what you're working on?

 15:19 <mvo> shall I go?

 15:19 <slangasek> mvo: go ahead

 15:19 <mvo> hwe-eol:

 15:19 <mvo> - work on update-motd

 15:19 <mvo> system-image:

 15:19 <mvo> - lp:~mvo/ubuntu-system-image/lp1271684

 15:19 <mvo> click:

 15:19 <mvo> - code review

 15:19 <mvo> - meeting with QA

 15:19 <mvo> - lp:~mvo/click/coverage: enable coverage reporting (pretty tricky due

 15:19 <mvo> to the nature of the gimock.py/LD_PRELOAD tests)

 15:20 <mvo> - lp:~mvo/click/integration-tests: wrote some high level

 15:20 <mvo> integration tests

 15:20 <mvo> apt:

 15:20 <mvo> - by-hash discussion

 15:20 <mvo> - debug/fix lp #1274466 (cachedb corruption)

 15:20 <mvo> - debug/hopefully-fix lp #1324399 (dpkg pty stdin handling, tricky)

 15:20 <mvo> - backport https range-request handling to 12.04 (#1157943)

 15:20 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1274466 in apt (Ubuntu) "apt-ftparchive on-disk cache format changed between lucid and precise, results in Packages files with silently corrupted checksums fields" [Critical,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1274466

 15:20 <mvo> - check scope for SRU of #1324646 (reenable InRelease)

 15:20 <mvo> merges/syncs:

 15:20 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1324399 in apt (Ubuntu) "apt-get failing to show progress with yes command" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1324399

 15:20 <mvo> - pyrex, apt-xapian-index, newt, checksecurity, librest, etckeeper,

 15:20 <mvo> celery, mutt

 15:20 <mvo> misc:

 15:20 <mvo> - sprint Malta

 15:20 <mvo> - lp:~mvo/update-notifier/use-apt-helper - use apt-helper

 15:20 <mvo> download-file to ensure apt proxy settings are used

 15:20 <mvo> Next:

 15:20 <mvo> - HWE-EOL work

 15:20 <mvo> - new apt (if I get feedback from debian)

 15:20 <mvo> EOF

 15:21 <mvo> slangasek: you are next I believe :)

 15:21 <slangasek> correct!

 15:21 <slangasek> but I'm still reading yours :)

 15:22 <mvo> *weh* so I need to write less next time :)

 15:22 <robru> mvo, yes, please write less, you make us all look bad ;-)

 15:22 <sil2100> Reading is sooo last year

 15:22 <slangasek> * sprinting in malta last week

 15:22 <slangasek> * onboarding of the Landing Team

 15:22 <slangasek> * discussions around plans for go (golang porting resourcing etc)

 15:22 <slangasek> * discussions around juju in LTS

 15:22 <slangasek> * discussions around system-image for !phones

 15:22 <slangasek> * next things:

 15:22 <slangasek> * UOS next week, please submit your blueprints

 15:22 <slangasek> * more conversations about landing team in foundations

 15:22 <slangasek> * trying to do the console-setup merge from Debian, to unblock initramfs-tools; this merge is slightly non-trivial

 15:23 <slangasek> * starting the annual 360 review cycle

 15:23 <slangasek> (done)

 15:24 <slangasek> no infinity today

 15:24 <barry> is infinity here?

 15:24 <slangasek> barry's turn

 15:24 <barry> system-image: LP: #1262256; LP: #1286542; LP: #1301995; LP: #1251291; LP: #1279028; LP: #1294273; LP: #1207860; LP: #1324241 (ongoing); LP: #1249347; LP: #1271684; fixes for new psutils & tox; general bug triaging and debugging.  dialer-app py3 branch updating.  will probably be making a new release soon-ish.

 15:24 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1262256 in Ubuntu system image "Pass hashes to u-d-m where available" [High,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1262256

 15:24 <barry> debuntu: six 1.6.1-2 (for wheels); LP: #1323328; virtualenv 1.11.6 (ongoing); pip 1.5.6-1; ensurepip testing and patch updates; debian bug #744145; requests 2.3.0-1; planning for SRU'ing the pyvenv/ensurepip fixes into trusty.

 15:24 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1286542 in Ubuntu system image "keyring DuplicateDestinationError when updating from custom s-i server" [High,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1286542

 15:24 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1301995 in Ubuntu system image "system-image can't open its log file if not run as root" [High,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1301995

 15:24 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1251291 in Ubuntu system image "cli switch to list available channels" [High,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1251291

 15:24 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1279028 in Ubuntu system image "For debugging purposes, add a --no-reboot option to s-i-cli" [High,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1279028

 15:24 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1323328 in wheel (Ubuntu) "[MIR] wheel, build dependency for packages providing -whl packages" [Undecided,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1323328

 15:24 <ubottu> Debian bug 744145 in python-pip "pip crashes on "import requests"" [Normal,Open] http://bugs.debian.org/744145

 15:24 <barry> other: building click packages meeting.  system-image on desktop meeting.  new hr system login problems and conference call.  concurrent.futures discussion with didrock; planning call w/doko

 15:25 <barry> done

 15:26 <robru> * been evaluating JS frameworks for a web UI I volunteered to build in Malta for the CI team

 15:26 <robru> * decided on nvd3 for charting, experimented with it by adding a chart to my CItrain backend page

 15:26 <robru> * http://people.canonical.com/~rbpark/citrain/ go here and hover over "x silos in use" to see it

 15:26 <robru> * CI train landings, breaking everything as fast and as often as possible ;-)

 15:26 <robru> âœ” done

 15:27 <xnox> * reviewing & merging upstart code:

 15:27 <xnox> - cgroups to merge next (should be all ready, with all runtime asserts resolved)

 15:27 <xnox> - umask fix generates test-suite regressions

 15:27 <xnox> - all tests pass & builds pass on nonvirt builders

 15:27 <xnox> * startpar still hangs even with tasks patches (and on shut-down as well)

 15:27 <xnox> - current plan to fix all tasks in the archive first and go from there

 15:27 <xnox> * malta sprint:

 15:27 <xnox> - emulator reboot protocol with ubuntu-emulator (working with serguisens on this)

 15:27 <xnox> - vte/gnome-terminal discussions around vte.sh (summary to send to laney/doko/mdslaur)

 15:27 <xnox> done

 15:27 <jodh> * foundations-1305-upstart-work-items:

 15:28 <jodh> - cgroup+async support: Working with xnox to shake out final test bugs

 15:28 <jodh> and get cgroup support landed.

 15:28 <jodh> - Working on simplifying JobProcessData to remove nasty valid flag.

 15:28 <jodh> * upstart

 15:28 <jodh> - Implemented lp:~jamesodhunt/upstart/bug-1324096

 15:28 <jodh> - Trying to squish odd test failure on lp:~jamesodhunt/upstart/bug-1302117.

 15:28 <jodh> * misc

 15:28 <jodh> - Released procenv 0.35 to fix FTBFS LP: #1324256 and associated tweaks:

 15:28 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1324256 in procenv (Ubuntu) "FTBFS in utopic: error: 'IFF_802_1Q_VLAN' undeclared here (not in a function)" [High,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1324256

 15:28 <jodh> - lp:~jamesodhunt/ubuntu/utopic/pbuilder/dep8-fix

 15:28 <jodh> - https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/sbuild/+bug/1325896

 15:28 <ubottu> Ubuntu bug 1325896 in sbuild (Ubuntu) "dep8 fix" [Undecided,Fix released]

 15:28 <jodh> - Discovered that "WARNING:" kernel oops's are ignored by apport

 15:28 <jodh> (due to bug #346303). Seems surprising and the Kernel team didn't

 15:28 <ubottu> bug 346303 in kerneloops (Ubuntu Lucid) "do not generate apport reports for non-critical kernel messages" [Low,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/346303

 15:28 <jodh> seem to be aware that this was still true.

 15:28 <jodh> ðŸ€§

 15:28 <stgraber> LXC:

 15:28 <stgraber> - Processed all outstanding pull requests and patches on the ML

 15:28 <stgraber> - Wrote a bunch of patches for python3 binding issues and some longstanding usability issues

 15:28 <stgraber> - Cherry-picked all the bugfixes into the stable branch in preparation for the 1.0.4 stable release

 15:28 <stgraber> - Attempted to reproduce some kernel crashes related to netfilter & netns, sadly unsuccesfuly

 15:28 <stgraber> - Fixed some LXC CI environment issue (including backport of a cgmanager bugfix)

 15:29 <stgraber> - Worked on getting unity8+mir working under LXC, made some progress (lightdm spawns u-s-c in the container but unity8 then fails to start)

 15:29 <stgraber> 

 15:29 <stgraber> System image:

 15:29 <stgraber> - Discussed system-image on server a bit (there will be a session on it next week)

 15:29 <stgraber> - Dropped some compatibility code from the server which was causing broken upgrade paths when doing two reverts in a row.

 15:29 <stgraber> 

 15:29 <stgraber> Other:

 15:29 <stgraber> - Went through all the SRU and NEW queues, spent a bit of time trying to get oepn-vm-tools-lts-trusty to land, currently stuck on cunit getting accepted in precise-proposed (can someone please do that?)

 15:29 <stgraber> - Fixed some ISO tracker build request hang (mix of bad DB state and leftover processes on nusakan)

 15:29 <stgraber> - HR stuff

 15:29 <stgraber> (DONE)

 15:30 <slangasek> bhuey: your turn

 15:30 <bhuey> here it goes

 15:31 <bhuey> Last week, Malta...

 15:31 <bhuey> -Merge new icedtea sources

 15:31 <bhuey> -Learned about LP source uploads and building

 15:31 <bhuey> -Set up crypto keys for signing packages

 15:31 <bhuey> -Set up and compiled the AMD64 changes on my local machine.

 15:31 <bhuey> -Fixed patch rejects involving the Sparc architecture zerovm

 15:31 <bhuey> -Looked at the bug tracker on LP and reviewed a few bugs to get a feel of what's going on

 15:31 <bhuey> This week...

 15:31 <bhuey> -Compiled just updated icedtea2.5/openjdk7 sources on a ppc64el porter machine

 15:31 <bhuey> -Created an account and uploaded all of the build files from that porter to lillypilly.canonical.com

 15:31 <bhuey> -Examine various revision control systems compatible with debian patching.

 15:31 <bhuey> -Looked at a build failure on LP regarding some no-execute bit logical in OpenJDK

 15:31 <bhuey> -Looks trivial to fix but I'm looking around the OpenJDK/IcedTea sources still.

 15:31 <bhuey> Next week...

 15:31 <bhuey> -Reviewing the TCK set up

 15:31 <bhuey> -Push for getting access to the internal VNP for a QA machine involved in TCK certification

 15:31 <bhuey> -Merge out local changed of IcedTea2.5 and OpenJDK to a new version of IcedTea

 15:31 <bhuey> -Upload packages to LP, resolve all build problems

 15:31 <bhuey> -Look at the Makefile and build system more. It's a monster

 15:32 <doko> I hope you don't fear monsters =)

 15:33 <bhuey> like you ? :)

 15:33 <slangasek> bhuey: is that the end?  (Convention is to say '(done)' or such at the end)

 15:33 <bhuey> done

 15:33 <slangasek> cool, thanks

 15:34 <slangasek> anyone have any questions over status?

 15:34 <bhuey> Sorry yeah, still learning

 15:34 <slangasek> no worries

 15:34 <slangasek> [TOPIC] UOS

 15:34 <slangasek> next week is the Ubuntu Online Summit (formerly vUDS)

 15:34 <slangasek> http://summit.ubuntu.com/uos-1406

 15:35 <slangasek> everyone, please:

 15:35 <slangasek> a) make sure you're registered for it

 15:35 <slangasek> b) figure out if there are any sessions you want to propose for the week

 15:36 <slangasek> the format is being changed somewhat this time; you're encouraged to use it not just for discussion sessions, but for also presenting things that may already be decided but haven't been communicated out to the community

 15:36 * jodh wonders if someone should change the registration default from attending physically :)

 15:36 <cjwatson> this is guiding towards registering in summit rather than in LP as before; is that right?

 15:36 <slangasek> (so e.g., things from Malta that we're definitely doing the work on and don't need discussion on because everything's clear, but we should let the community know we're doing)

 15:37 <slangasek> cjwatson: uh, not sure, sorry

 15:37 <xnox> cjwatson: i had to register twice.

 15:37 <xnox> once in launchpad and once in the "summit django"

 15:37 <cjwatson> joy, ok

 15:37 <xnox> i'm not sure if the two are linked anymore.

 15:37 <slangasek> I seem to remember having to register twice in the past

 15:37 <xnox> was summit rewritten again or something?!

 15:38 <slangasek> not that I've seen :)

 15:38 <slangasek> (if it has, I guess I'll get a rude awakening when I try to merge upstream for DebConf)

 15:38 <slangasek> so currently, sessions proposed for UOS are going into some kind of limbo that I can't schedule from

 15:39 <slangasek> I'll work with mhall119 to get that figured out today

 15:39 <slangasek> in the meantime, aside from http://summit.ubuntu.com/uos-1406/track/development/, the only session I know about that's pending is "system-images on !phone"

 15:39 <slangasek> https://blueprints.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+spec/development-1406-server-system-images

 15:40 <slangasek> maybe that gives y'all ideas of other things that need scheduled

 15:40 <slangasek> (or if not, I'll come around and let you know what you should talk about instead ;)

 15:40 <slangasek> questions?

 15:42 <slangasek> [TOPIC] AOB

 15:42 <slangasek> anything else? :)

 15:43 <slangasek> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)