== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 24 Mar at 19:27 &mdash; 20:51 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2014/ubuntu-meeting.2014-03-24-19.27.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Review of previous action items ===
The discussion about "Review of previous action items" started at 19:27.


=== Xubuntu packageset/MOTU application from Jackson Doak ===
The discussion about "Xubuntu packageset/MOTU application from Jackson Doak" started at 19:32.

  * ''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/Noskcaj#MOTU 
  * ''LINK:'' http://stackoverflow.com/questions/5541946/cflags-ccflags-cxxflags-what-exactly-do-these-variables-control 
  * ''Vote:'' Should Jackson Doak become MOTU? (Denied)
  * ''Vote:'' Should Jackson Doak get upload rights to the Xubuntu packageset? (Carried)
  * ''Vote:'' Should Jackson Doak get upload rights for catfish, gthumb, parole, and mugshot? (Carried)

=== Any other business ===
The discussion about "Any other business" started at 20:50.




 * [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2014/ubuntu-meeting.2014-03-24-19.27.log.html#56 Should Jackson Doak become MOTU?]]
  * Motion carried (For/Against/Abstained 1/2/0)
   *  Voters stgraber, micahg-work, bdrung
 * [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2014/ubuntu-meeting.2014-03-24-19.27.log.html#80 Should Jackson Doak get upload rights to the Xubuntu packageset?]]
  * Deadlock (For/Against/Abstained 1/0/2)
   *  Voters stgraber, micahg-work, bdrung
 * [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2014/ubuntu-meeting.2014-03-24-19.27.log.html#107 Should Jackson Doak get upload rights for catfish, gthumb, parole, and mugshot?]]
  * Motion carried (For/Against/Abstained 3/0/0)
   *  Voters micahg-work, stgraber, bdrung
== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * bdrung (47)
 * Noskcaj (40)
 * meetingology (27)
 * micahg-work (10)
 * stgraber (10)
 * rww (2)
 * ubottu (1)



== Full Log ==


 19:27 <bdrung> #startmeeting

 19:27 <meetingology> Meeting started Mon Mar 24 19:27:06 2014 UTC.  The chair is bdrung. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 19:27 <meetingology> 

 19:27 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 19:27 <bdrung> #topic Review of previous action items

 19:28 <bdrung> stgraber: Did you add the new DMB members?

 19:28 <stgraber> yep

 19:28 <bdrung> stgraber: the dmb-ping doesn't seem to be update

 19:29 <rww> I can correct that for you. Changes?

 19:30 <stgraber> rww: that'd be great. Remove barry and tumbleweed and add xnox and bdmurray

 19:30 <stgraber> bdrung: oops, yeah, forgot about that one.

 19:30 <rww> !dmb-ping =~ s/barry, tumbleweed,/xnox, bdmurray,/

 19:30 <ubottu> I'll remember that rww

 19:31 <bdrung> thanks

 19:31 <bdrung> moving on

 19:32 <bdrung> #topic Xubuntu packageset/MOTU application from Jackson Doak

 19:32 <bdrung> #link https://wiki.ubuntu.com/Noskcaj#MOTU

 19:32 <bdrung> Noskcaj: please introduce yourself

 19:33 <Noskcaj> Hello everyone, i'm Jackson Doak. I've been doing packaging work since mid 2013, and would like to gain upload rights.

 19:33 <Noskcaj> Is there anything specific i should be saying?

 19:35 <bdrung> no. we will ask you questions.

 19:35 <Noskcaj> A large portion of my work is keeping Xfce/Xubuntu up to date, as well as other, minor DEs

 19:36 * bdrung is still reading the application wiki (sorry for not having time to do that earlier)

 19:36 <bdrung> Noskcaj: so xfce you are using xfce?

 19:36 <Noskcaj> yes

 19:38 <stgraber> Noskcaj: so it's been exactly a month since your last application, what steps did you take to resolve some of the hilighted issues?

 19:39 <Noskcaj> I've been making sure i test build everything i work on, and only taking patches that have been tested

 19:40 <Noskcaj> Also, reading debian and upstream changelogs more extensively

 19:40 <Noskcaj> I believe my quality of work has improved in the last month, and since i first applied in january. Next month i should finally have my dev PC working too.

 19:44 <micahg-work> Noskcaj, so, you made a call for sponsoring shortly after the last meeting, but there was an issue with that, do you understand what that was and what steps would you take to prevent that from happening in the future

 19:45 <Noskcaj> micahg, yes. I made a call for sponsoring during a freeze which meant very few things could actually get sponsored, plus i said some changes were "release critical", but that was only for final release

 19:47 <Noskcaj> In future i won't call for sponsoring in freezes, and will check if a package is seeded before uploading

 19:49 <bdrung> Noskcaj: what steps do you do before uploading (or requesting an upload)?

 19:50 <Noskcaj> Check no one else is working on the package, test build it and make sure i'm not adding regressions, check if it's affected by any current freezes/transitions, upload

 19:51 <bdrung> Noskcaj: how do you test to not introduce regressions?

 19:52 <Noskcaj> changelog checking, testbuilding, automated checks like lintian and blhc, upstream bug trackers, not packaging unstable releases unless needed

 19:54 <bdrung> Noskcaj: do you install the packages and run them before uploading?

 19:54 <Noskcaj> bdrung, When possible, but it's difficult for me to do due to hardware limitation. That will be fixed in a few weeks time

 19:55 <Noskcaj> (When i will have my VM server finished)

 19:56 <bdrung> Noskcaj: are you subscribed to the ubuntu-devel-announce mailing list?

 19:56 <Noskcaj> yes

 19:59 <micahg-work> Noskcaj, could you please explain the difference between CFLAGS, CPPFLAGS, and CXXFLAGS

 20:00 <Noskcaj> They are all makefile macros. Cflags is for C only, CXXflags is for C++, CPPflags for both

 20:02 <bdrung> Noskcaj: why is CPPFLAGS for both?

 20:03 <Noskcaj> It's where preprocessor flags go, which both c and C++ use

 20:06 <micahg-work> Noskcaj, where's your reference for that?

 20:06 <Noskcaj> http://stackoverflow.com/questions/5541946/cflags-ccflags-cxxflags-what-exactly-do-these-variables-control

 20:06 <Noskcaj> I don't know C or C++, but i do understand what the flags do

 20:07 <micahg-work> Noskcaj, did you notice the first comment on that response?

 20:07 <Noskcaj> oh

 20:07 <Noskcaj> 1. I feel stupid now 2. Thanks for telling me to look there

 20:08 <micahg-work> Noskcaj, I certainly did not intend to make you feel stupid

 20:09 <bdrung> no questions are left. so let's vote.

 20:09 <micahg-work> we don't have quorum

 20:10 <bdrung> ScottK voted in private for this case. so we still have quorum.

 20:11 <bdrung> #vote Should Jackson Doak become MOTU?

 20:11 <meetingology> Please vote on: Should Jackson Doak become MOTU?

 20:11 <meetingology> Public votes can be registered by saying +1, +0 or -1 in channel, (for private voting, private message me with 'vote +1/-1/+0 #channelname)

 20:15 <stgraber> -1 [A month ago I said "I'd prefer to have you work for a few more months through sponsors", since it has only been a month, I'm sticking to my vote]

 20:15 <meetingology> -1 [A month ago I said "I'd prefer to have you work for a few more months through sponsors", since it has only been a month, I'm sticking to my vote] received from stgraber

 20:16 <Noskcaj> stgraber, My reason for the only one month is i cannot apply again till the end of the year

 20:16 <Noskcaj> just FYI

 20:16 <bdrung> Noskcaj: why?

 20:16 <micahg-work> -1 same as stgraber, though I'm glad to see the sponsors say that some improvement has been made

 20:16 <meetingology> -1 same as stgraber, though I'm glad to see the sponsors say that some improvement has been made received from micahg-work

 20:17 <Noskcaj> bdrung, 19UTC is currently 6am here, 6th of april, it becomes 5am

 20:17 <Noskcaj> I struggled to make this meeting as it is

 20:18 <bdrung> +1 [ Noskcaj is a young and passionate developer. He made mistakes and probably will make mistakes, but he is learning and improving ]

 20:18 <meetingology> +1 [ Noskcaj is a young and passionate developer. He made mistakes and probably will make mistakes, but he is learning and improving ] received from bdrung

 20:18 <micahg-work> Noskcaj, we can either do a vote by email or something else, we'll work with you

 20:18 <bdrung> i got one -1 from ScottK

 20:18 <bdrung> #endvote

 20:18 <meetingology> Voting ended on: Should Jackson Doak become MOTU?

 20:18 <meetingology> Votes for:1 Votes against:2 Abstentions:0

 20:18 <meetingology> Motion denied

 20:19 <Noskcaj> i'll try to apply by email then, but last time it took two months, two irc meetings, just to be told "-1 from everyone"

 20:20 <bdrung> Noskcaj: sorry for not granting you upload rights. you are on the right path (improving and learning).

 20:20 <Noskcaj> thanks

 20:20 <Noskcaj> and for xubuntu packageset?

 20:20 <bdrung> #vote Should Jackson Doak get upload rights to the Xubuntu packageset?

 20:20 <meetingology> Please vote on: Should Jackson Doak get upload rights to the Xubuntu packageset?

 20:20 <meetingology> Public votes can be registered by saying +1, +0 or -1 in channel, (for private voting, private message me with 'vote +1/-1/+0 #channelname)

 20:21 <stgraber> +0 [Same reason as previous vote, sticking to what I voted a month ago]

 20:21 <meetingology> +0 [Same reason as previous vote, sticking to what I voted a month ago] received from stgraber

 20:22 <Noskcaj> I'd expected to not get MOTU this meeting, but had to try. Xubuntu packageset i think i deserve since i've not had any bad uploads there, and micahg's time to upload stuff is fairly limited

 20:24 <micahg-work> +0

 20:24 <meetingology> +0 received from micahg-work

 20:24 <bdrung> +1 [ same reason as for MOTU application ]

 20:24 <meetingology> +1 [ same reason as for MOTU application ] received from bdrung

 20:25 <bdrung> I got one -1 from ScottK

 20:25 <bdrung> #endvote

 20:25 <meetingology> Voting ended on: Should Jackson Doak get upload rights to the Xubuntu packageset?

 20:25 <meetingology> Votes for:1 Votes against:0 Abstentions:2

 20:25 <meetingology> Motion carried

 20:26 <Noskcaj> Is that actually motion carried or does scott's vote make is denied?

 20:26 <bdrung> Noskcaj: sorry. this isn't enough for upload rights.

 20:26 <Noskcaj> :(

 20:26 * Noskcaj flips table, leaves to get breakfast

 20:27 <bdrung> we need +4 to carry a motion (with +0 and 3 absent member, you can't reach it any more)

 20:27 <stgraber> Noskcaj: if you are still around for a few minutes, we do have a PPU proposal for you though

 20:28 <bdrung> Noskcaj: your application is not denied, but deferred. Most of us think that you need more time until you get upload rights to learn and improve.

 20:34 <Noskcaj> stgraber, I'll be around for another hour.

 20:34 <Noskcaj> bdrung, ok. I should probably find time to learn a programming language in a meaningful way, but that does need a lot of time

 20:35 <bdrung> Noskcaj: Do you want to get upload rights for catfish, parole, and mugshot?

 20:36 <Noskcaj> bdrung, If possible, although menulibre, whiskermenu, gthumb, and maybe all of xfce could be added to that list

 20:40 <bdrung> we add gthumb to the PPU list.

 20:40 <bdrung> #vote Should Jackson Doak get upload rights for catfish, gthumb, parole, and mugshot?

 20:40 <meetingology> Please vote on: Should Jackson Doak get upload rights for catfish, gthumb, parole, and mugshot?

 20:40 <meetingology> Public votes can be registered by saying +1, +0 or -1 in channel, (for private voting, private message me with 'vote +1/-1/+0 #channelname)

 20:40 <bdrung> +1

 20:40 <meetingology> +1 received from bdrung

 20:40 <micahg-work> +1

 20:40 <meetingology> +1 received from micahg-work

 20:40 <stgraber> +1

 20:40 <meetingology> +1 received from stgraber

 20:41 <Noskcaj> Thanks, it's something.

 20:43 <stgraber> so that's 3/4, ScottK proposed this (except for gthumb) so I believe he's likely to approve but final approval and granting of the rights will have to happen once he's back online

 20:43 <Noskcaj> :)

 20:43 <bdrung> #endvote

 20:43 <meetingology> Voting ended on: Should Jackson Doak get upload rights for catfish, gthumb, parole, and mugshot?

 20:43 <meetingology> Votes for:3 Votes against:0 Abstentions:0

 20:43 <meetingology> Motion carried

 20:45 <bdrung> Noskcaj: as previously said, we need +4 (out of seven). you got +3 from the three present members.

 20:45 <Noskcaj> yep

 20:46 <bdrung> Noskcaj: we will get the remaining vote(s) via IRC or mail later.

 20:47 <Noskcaj> If i may ask, why is the whole dmb so rarely present at meetings?

 20:47 <bdrung> Noskcaj: as stgraber already said, I assume you will get the missing vote and the PPU will be granted.

 20:48 <bdrung> Noskcaj: we are distributed around the globe and real live can make it hard to attend. For example, the early meeting is in my work time and I can only attend if I do not have an other meeting.

 20:49 <stgraber> Noskcaj: because most DMB members work, some have to travel (like ScottK today) and for some it's just too late or too early based on their repsective timezones

 20:49 <Noskcaj> ok

 20:49 <bdrung> Noskcaj: we will let you know about the outcome of the vote.

 20:49 <Noskcaj> thanks

 20:50 <bdrung> #topic Any other business

 20:50 <bdrung> next chair will be Brian (following the list)

 20:51 <bdrung> anything left?

 20:51 <bdrung> I guess not.

 20:51 <bdrung> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)