== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 16 Jan at 16:02 &mdash; 16:20 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2014/ubuntu-meeting.2014-01-16-16.02.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning round ===
The discussion about "Lightning round" started at 16:02.


=== AOB ===
The discussion about "AOB" started at 16:18.




== Vote results ==




== Action items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * slangasek (21)
 * jodh (19)
 * doko (17)
 * stgraber (13)
 * cjwatson (13)
 * barry (5)
 * bdmurray (5)
 * stokachu (4)
 * meetingology (3)
 * ubottu (2)



== Full Log ==


 16:02 <slangasek> #startmeeting

 16:02 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Jan 16 16:02:07 2014 UTC.  The chair is slangasek. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:02 <meetingology> 

 16:02 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 16:02 <slangasek> #topic Lightning round

 16:02 <slangasek> $ echo $(shuf -e barry doko stgraber jodh bdmurray slangasek cjwatson xnox stokachu)

 16:02 <slangasek> doko stokachu stgraber barry jodh xnox slangasek cjwatson bdmurray

 16:03 <slangasek> doko: here?

 16:04 <doko> slangasek, sorry, let me go as last one

 16:04 <slangasek> ok

 16:04 <slangasek> stokachu: here? :)  anything for the meeting?

 16:04 <stokachu> nothing this week :)

 16:05 <slangasek> ok, cool

 16:05 <slangasek> stgraber:

 16:05 <stgraber> sorry, haven't had time to prepare notes so I'll just type quickly :)

 16:05 <stgraber> a ton of LXC work this week, mostly bug fixes for unprivileged containers, reviewed a very large amount of last minute fixes

 16:05 <stgraber> introduced a new image-based template called lxc-download which uses pre-build containers from https://images.linuxcontainers.org

 16:06 <stokachu> stgraber: are unprivileged containers do-able now?

 16:06 <stgraber> those are built from our new jenkins setup at https://jenkins.linuxcontainers.org

 16:06 <stgraber> I've also been working a bit on moving our other QA tasks over to Jenkins to make them more visible to those who don't have shell access to our servers

 16:06 <stgraber> I've also helped a bit with a security update for LXC

 16:07 <stgraber> release LXC 1.0 beta2 yesterday and upoaded to the archive (no more distro patch!)

 16:07 <stgraber> and I started updating my draft blog post on unprivileged containers which I plan on posting later today

 16:07 <stgraber> stokachu: yep they are. I have Ubuntu, Debian, Plamo and Oracle running fine unprivileged on my laptop and probably a few more distros to come over the next few days.

 16:08 <stokachu> stgraber: awesome!!

 16:08 <stgraber> stokachu: you need a very recent kernel and userspace though, which I'll try to describe in that upcoming blog post.

 16:08 <stokachu> stgraber: awesome, looking forward to that post

 16:08 <stgraber> besides LXC, I've also been doing a bit of touch work, mostly extending test coverage of my ports branch for system-image

 16:09 <stgraber> and talked with PES about how to setup internal servers

 16:09 <stgraber> (done)

 16:09 <barry> autopilot-py3: camera-app-autopilot, cordova-ubuntu-autopilot, dialer-app-autopilot, friends-app-autopilot, ubuntu-ui-toolkit.  however, the PPAs all this stuff depends on is in sad shape.  had some discussions with #ubuntu-autopilot about what we need next (mostly ci infrastructure support).  played around with autopilot+emulator.  actually managed to get u-u-t built, tested, and merge proposed.  not so much with other packages :(.

 16:09 <barry> bug tag: py3autopilot.  progress will mostly depend on completion of qt5.2 transition.

 16:09 <barry> debuntu: python-coverage sponsorship, patch piloted, dmb meeting.

 16:09 <barry> py34 related test rebuild failures: nose, cinder, genshi (in progress upstream), configglue, fixtures, etc.

 16:09 <barry> done

 16:09 <jodh> * core-1311-upstart-roadmap

 16:09 <jodh> - cgroup support:

 16:09 <jodh> - cgroup manager: Added ability for client to establish if directory

 16:09 <jodh> existed when create requested (required by Upstart to avoid

 16:09 <jodh> removing groups it did not create).

 16:10 <jodh> - upstart:

 16:10 <jodh> - Implemented logic to block jobs that require the cgmanager until

 16:10 <jodh> it becomes available.

 16:10 <jodh> - Added code to remove a cgroup when no longer required.

 16:10 <jodh> - Finished updating basic cgroup unit tests.

 16:10 <jodh> - Updated code to work with cgmanager v0.12.

 16:10 <jodh> - async spawning: Investigating a bug with script jobs, found in testing.

 16:10 <jodh> * upstart:

 16:10 <jodh> - Merged lp:~jamesodhunt/upstart/telinit-private-socket (thanks for

 16:10 <jodh> review stgraber)

 16:10 <jodh> - Investigations into the cause of bug 1269731. Unable to

 16:10 <ubottu> bug 1269731 in upstart (Ubuntu) "init crashed with SIGSEGV" [Critical,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1269731

 16:10 <jodh> recreate the problem, but atleast we now have a stack trace to

 16:10 <jodh> identify the offending instruction.

 16:10 <jodh> ðŸ€¤

 16:11 <slangasek> no xnox this week

 16:11 <slangasek> * upstream pam work to get pam_loginuid fixed in containers for stgraber, then got an itch to do a bunch more upstreaming work, so:

 16:12 <slangasek> * pam 1.1.8 uploaded to Debian unstable, planning to upload to trusty as soon as I have a chance to test it on the phone

 16:12 <slangasek> * forwarding of other Debian,Ubuntu patches to pam now that we're caught up with upstream

 16:12 <slangasek> * internal discussions about the Qt 5.2 ABI change: trying to understand its impact on the phone and the app store, getting my hands dirty with abi-compliance-checker

 16:12 <slangasek> * discussions around openjdk support in trusty

 16:12 <slangasek> (done)

 16:12 <cjwatson> 12.04.4:

 16:12 <cjwatson> - More saucy enablement stack work, now in -updates.

 16:12 <cjwatson> - Miscellaneous reviews and e-mail.

 16:12 <cjwatson> click:

 16:12 <cjwatson> - Trying to get libclick up and running.  I've decided on the general architecture (gobject-based C library with introspection, so I can translate a bit at a time reasonably easily), and have translated parts of click.{database,osextras,query}.  Will take a while longer to have something worth using.

 16:13 <cjwatson> GRUB:

 16:13 <cjwatson> - Reviewed and applied ppc64 bi-endian patch.

 16:13 <cjwatson> - Continuing to try to get 2.02~beta2 ready for trusty.  Slowed down by a test regression (floppy boot failure due to increased module size, of all things), but I got that fixed today.

 16:13 <cjwatson> Miscellaneous:

 16:13 <cjwatson> - A few cross-build fixes (apg, bridge-utils, dctrl-tools; switched libtool back to Multi-Arch: foreign for now; multiarched cdebconf to fix base-passwd cross-build regression).

 16:13 <cjwatson> - Fixed gucharmap for ppc64el.

 16:13 <cjwatson> - Perl 5.18.2 transition.

 16:13 <cjwatson> .

 16:13 <bdmurray> bug triage, SRU reviews

 16:13 <bdmurray> uploaded a complete fix for bug 1237119

 16:13 <bdmurray> set up of error tracker in canonistack using juju-deployer

 16:13 <bdmurray> worked on a whoopsie issue where it is not uploading files immediately

 16:13 <ubottu> bug 1237119 in gnome-control-center (Ubuntu) "ERROR: hook /usr/share/apport/package-hooks/source_gnome-control-center.py crashed: TypeError: add_info() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were given" [Medium,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1237119

 16:13 <bdmurray> done

 16:14 <doko> - another two full days of merges, component mismatches

 16:14 <doko> - finished some "debian-science" transitions. the good thing is that nobody uses these packages and in doubt can

 16:14 <doko> be removed ;p

 16:14 <doko> - maybe another day processing MIRs

 16:14 <doko> - continue to pester people about ftbfs, unfinished transitions

 16:14 <doko> - openjdk security update

 16:14 <doko> - graphviz transition

 16:14 <doko> - regtested and backported fixed for two arm64 gcc regressions

 16:14 <doko> - gccgo updates

 16:14 <doko> - updates for some ppc64el packages in main

 16:14 <doko> - finished and summarized the outcome of the libtool-bin test rebuild

 16:14 <doko> - finished and summarized the "openjdk-not-in-main" test rebuild

 16:14 <doko> - finished and summarized the python3.4 as the default test rebuild (main only)

 16:14 <doko> - updated the arm64 cross toolchain for glibc-2.18

 16:14 <doko> - built eclipse for arm64 and ppc64el

 16:15 <doko> (done)

 16:17 <slangasek> ok - any questions on status?

 16:18 <slangasek> #topic AOB

 16:18 <slangasek> anything else this week?

 16:20 <slangasek> apparently not :)

 16:20 <slangasek> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)