== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 18 Dec at 17:03 &mdash; 17:41 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2014/ubuntu-meeting.2014-12-18-17.03.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Catching up with the Translations team ===
The discussion about "Catching up with the Translations team" started at 17:05.


=== Open ubuntu-community-team threads ===
The discussion about "Open ubuntu-community-team threads" started at 17:28.

  * ''LINK:'' http://pad.ubuntu.com/LeadershipActions looks quite cleaned up right now

=== Any other business ===
The discussion about "Any other business" started at 17:40.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * dholbach (72)
 * GunnarHj (24)
 * mhall119 (20)
 * elfy (10)
 * meetingology (4)
 * cprofitt (0)
 * czajkowski (0)



== Full Log ==


 17:03 <dholbach> #startmeeting

 17:03 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Dec 18 17:03:51 2014 UTC.  The chair is dholbach. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 17:03 <meetingology> 

 17:03 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 17:03 <dholbach> #chair mhall119 czajkowski elfy cprofitt

 17:03 <meetingology> Current chairs: cprofitt czajkowski dholbach elfy mhall119

 17:04 <dholbach> pleia2 sent apologies

 17:04 <dholbach> hello GunnarHj - thanks a lot for joining

 17:04 <elfy> o/

 17:04 <dholbach> today we're meeting up with the Translations Team and the Ubuntu GNOME team

 17:05 <dholbach> #topic Catching up with the Translations team

 17:05 <dholbach> GunnarHj, you're here for the translations team?

 17:05 <GunnarHj> dholbach: Yes. Doing some translating coordination.

 17:05 <elfy> hi GunnarHj

 17:05 <dholbach> excellent

 17:05 <GunnarHj> elfy: Hi

 17:05 <dholbach> anyone here from the translations folks?

 17:06 <dholbach> GunnarHj, how are things going? what is the overall stand of things?

 17:07 <GunnarHj> dholbach: Well, there is one thing I'd like to mention.

 17:07 <GunnarHj> dpm used to be an active translation coordinator from the Canonical side. AFAIK he has other commitments now, and nobody has really replaced him in that role.

 17:08 <GunnarHj> The leader of the Swedish translators team mentioned this the other day.

 17:08 <GunnarHj> The result is that there is a lack of drive in order to get translation related bugs fixed etc.

 17:09 <dholbach> Which of his responsibilities do you see missing most today?

 17:09 <GunnarHj> dholbach: Pushing for translation related bugs to be fixed.

 17:09 <dholbach> "drive" could mean a couple of things, like "recruit new translators" or "keep on top of bugs and ping the individual teams", or is it something entirely different?

 17:10 <dholbach> right

 17:10 <GunnarHj> dholbach: Mostly "keep on top of..."

 17:10 <dholbach> is this bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu-translations?

 17:10 <mhall119> dholbach: sounds like we need to talk to him about handing over some of that to another of us on the team

 17:10 * mhall119 not it

 17:10 <mhall119> :)

 17:10 <dholbach> nice one

 17:10 <dholbach> maybe somebody who's not around right now? :)

 17:11 <GunnarHj> dholbach: Yes, it's bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu-translations I'm talking about.

 17:11 <dholbach> but more seriously though, I agree that this is important

 17:11 <mhall119> dholbach: +1, one of those slackers on holiday already

 17:12 <mhall119> yeah, we'll get dpm to gracefully hand that over if he can't continue doing it

 17:12 <dholbach> mhall119, I think this was years ago

 17:13 <dholbach> so not something that changed recently

 17:13 <mhall119> it probably changed more when he took over jono's tasks

 17:13 <GunnarHj> dholbach: It was, but at the same time dpm has been deeply involved in getting translations into the phone.

 17:13 <dholbach> mhall119, I don't think so

 17:14 <dholbach> GunnarHj, ok

 17:14 <mhall119> either way, we'll talk to him and get a resolution

 17:14 <GunnarHj> Great!

 17:14 <dholbach> GunnarHj, do the translations coordinators meet every now and then to discuss issues like the above?

 17:15 <GunnarHj> dholbach: No. I'm the latest team member, and have never attended any such meeting.

 17:15 <dholbach> and do most of the leaders of the individual translations teams read their bug mail? (so would subscribing them to the bugs work?)

 17:15 <dholbach> GunnarHj, I see

 17:16 <GunnarHj> dholbach: All team leaderas are supposed to be subscribed to ubuntu-translators.

 17:16 <dholbach> maybe it'd be time to recruit some of the more active team leads into the coordination team?

 17:16 <dholbach> GunnarHj, ah, that's a mailing list where the bug mail goes?

 17:16 <GunnarHj> dholbach: When a t-bug is assigned a team, somebody usually takes care of it.

 17:17 <dholbach> ok, that's great to hear

 17:17 <GunnarHj> dholbach: No, that's a info type mailing list.

 17:17 <dholbach> so it's mostly about going through the list of unassigned bugs

 17:18 <GunnarHj> dholbach: There are two kinds of bugs: Pure translation bugs (handled by the translators) and package bugs affecting translations. It's the latter kind which is the problem.

 17:18 <dholbach> I see

 17:18 <dholbach> do they get a special tag or something which makes it clearer that it's not a pure translation thing?

 17:19 <GunnarHj> dholbach: A proper task is added - if somebody knows which package is affected...

 17:20 <dholbach> ok... maybe I'm drilling too much into the organisational parts of the problem right now

 17:20 <dholbach> maybe a team of interested folks could set up kind of a dashboard or something, to figure out which bugs are unassigned, etc

 17:21 <dholbach> I feel that having a team of coordinators again would also help a lot

 17:21 <GunnarHj> dholbach: Yeah... the mailing list I mentioned is occationally used for that purpose.

 17:21 <dholbach> so this doesn't just rest with your

 17:21 <dholbach> you

 17:22 <GunnarHj> dholbach: Right, that responsibility is to heave for a simple volunteer like me. ;)

 17:22 <dholbach> I just thought that having a number of interested people meet up every now and then would also help, so you could have a look at tasks like "assign bugs" and so on

 17:22 <GunnarHj> s/heave/heavy/

 17:22 <dholbach> and maybe rotate some of the responsibilities as well

 17:22 <GunnarHj> Wort considering IMO.

 17:23 <dholbach> GunnarHj, if you could send the Community Council a mail and CC dpm that'd be good - we should look into this and see if we can help setting up a team again

 17:23 <dholbach> translations are super important

 17:23 <dholbach> it's the window through which most people of the world see Ubuntu

 17:23 <GunnarHj> dholbach: Ok, will do.

 17:23 <dholbach> so we should try to organise this a bit better

 17:23 <dholbach> thanks a lot GunnarHj

 17:23 <mhall119> +1 what dholbach said

 17:24 <dholbach> and thanks a lot for all your hard work throughout the years

 17:24 <mhall119> thanks GunnarHj

 17:24 <dholbach> it's great to have you around!

 17:24 <GunnarHj> np

 17:24 <dholbach> GunnarHj, anything else you would like to mention now before we move over to mail?

 17:24 <GunnarHj> No, I'm done for today. :)

 17:24 <dholbach> czajkowski, cprofitt, mhall119: any more questions from you?

 17:25 * dholbach GunnarHj to mail CC and dpm to figure out translations coordinator team organisation.

 17:25 <dholbach> OK, looks like everyone else is good as well - moving on. :-)

 17:25 <dholbach> Do we have anyone here from the Ubuntu GNOME team

 17:25 <dholbach> ?

 17:26 <dholbach> I can't quite remember, but wasn't most of the team in AU somewhere?

 17:26 <elfy> both amjjawad and tim are in oz timezone - so unless someone else is here I would doubt it

 17:26 <elfy> yep

 17:26 <dholbach> ok, then we should probably reschedule :)

 17:27 <mhall119> dholbach: none from me

 17:27 <elfy> they were trying to sort a time suitable for both :)

 17:27 <dholbach> ok

 17:27 <dholbach> let's move on then

 17:28 <dholbach> pleia2 added another agenda item

 17:28 <dholbach> #topic Open ubuntu-community-team threads

 17:28 <dholbach> the comment said: Help the team continue to define work items in order to move forward.

 17:29 <dholbach> elfy, mhall119, czajkowski: ^ got any comments?

 17:29 <mhall119> I know some of the items in the etherpad were added by someone other that the proposer

 17:30 <mhall119> so if the people who proposed solutions can go through it and provide detailed work items for the things they proposed, that would help us

 17:30 <elfy> yep

 17:30 <mhall119> and assign themselves to the ones they can do

 17:30 <mhall119> unassigned work items don't get done

 17:30 <dholbach> I could send a mail to the list explaining this?

 17:31 <mhall119> that might help, yeah

 17:31 <elfy> pleia2's point was about helping with blueprints - but they're pointless until the tasks have people willing to do anything

 17:31 <elfy> dholbach: yep - sounds useful

 17:31 <mhall119> dholbach: just remind people that if they want a work item done, they either need to take it on themselves or find someone to assign it to who can/will do it

 17:32 <dholbach> ok... should I recommend that people add work items to the pad and people add their names next to the subject they're interested in?

 17:32 <mhall119> yeah, they can be easily converted into a blueprint from there

 17:32 <elfy> and/or add their name to existing nameless ones

 17:33 <elfy> otherwise we're just going to end up with another long pad repeating things again

 17:33 <dholbach> sure

 17:33 <dholbach> sorry, that's what I meant

 17:33 <dholbach> ok, I'll send the mail after the meeting

 17:34 <dholbach> I'm not sure... is there anything concrete, we as the Community Council, could be doing in this meeting now?

 17:34 <dholbach> http://pad.ubuntu.com/LeadershipActions looks quite cleaned up right now

 17:38 <dholbach> ok, while waiting I just wrote the mail :)

 17:39 <dholbach> elfy, mhall119: anything else from you now?

 17:39 <dholbach> or shall we adjourn=?

 17:39 <mhall119> not from me

 17:40 <dholbach> Ok... thanks a lot everyone for attending!

 17:40 <mhall119> anything other topics people in the channel want to discuss with the CC?

 17:40 <dholbach> #topic Any other business

 17:41 <mhall119> seems not

 17:41 <dholbach> All right... thanks a lot everyone!

 17:41 <dholbach> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)