== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 17 Jun at 20:05 &mdash; 20:30 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2014/ubuntu-meeting.2014-06-17-20.05.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== LoCo Council meeting, 17 Jun 2014 ===
The discussion about "LoCo Council meeting, 17 Jun 2014" started at 20:05.

 * '''Ubuntu-KO Re-Verification''' (20:07)
  * ''LINK:'' http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s_u2ESJwXJY 
  * ''LINK:'' http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v7qfQTq6SYk 
  * ''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/KoreanTeam/activities 
  * ''Vote:'' Ubuntu-KO Re-Verification (Carried)



== Vote results ==

 * [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2014/ubuntu-meeting.2014-06-17-20.05.log.html#97 Ubuntu-KO Re-Verification]]
  * Motion carried (For/Against/Abstained 4/0/0)
   *  Voters jose, PabloRubianes, costales, SergioMeneses



== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * jose (29)
 * costales (22)
 * Work^Seony (21)
 * Jason_Jang-KO (13)
 * meetingology (13)
 * PabloRubianes (11)
 * SergioMeneses (6)
 * drake_kr (4)
 * igxactly (3)
 * KyulingLee (3)



== Full Log ==


 20:05 <jose> #startmeeting

 20:05 <meetingology> Meeting started Tue Jun 17 20:05:13 2014 UTC.  The chair is jose. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 20:05 <meetingology> 

 20:05 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 20:05 <jose> welcome to another LC meeting

 20:05 <jose> #topic LoCo Council meeting, 17 Jun 2014

 20:06 <jose> so, the agenda for today has the reverification of the Korean team

 20:07 <jose> #subtopic Ubuntu-KO Re-Verification

 20:07 <Jason_Jang-KO> THX for incoming. We are here.

 20:07 <jose> all people from the Korean team say hi

 20:07 <Jason_Jang-KO> hi~

 20:08 <SergioMeneses> welcome ubuntu-ko!

 20:08 <drake_kr> hi :D

 20:08 <PabloRubianes> welcome Korea!

 20:08 <igxactly> hi again ðŸ˜ƒ

 20:08 <jose> cool

 20:09 <costales> Hi (again)

 20:09 <jose> anything to say/ask?

 20:09 <Jason_Jang-KO> welcome costales

 20:09 <costales> Thanks Jason_Jang-KO

 20:10 <KyulingLee> hello~ (again)

 20:10 <SergioMeneses> ubuntu-ko can you tell us how is your team working?

 20:10 <PabloRubianes> Jason_Jang-KO: how is the team doing?

 20:10 <Jason_Jang-KO> Hm...wait please. i'm sorry

 20:10 <Work^Seony> We're working good as we've planned.

 20:11 <Work^Seony> Everything looks going properly, and we've uploaded recorded video from our public events.

 20:11 <PabloRubianes> Work^Seony: well done

 20:11 <jose> do you have a link to any of those videos?

 20:12 <Jason_Jang-KO> I introduce ;  Work^Seony = contact of Korean LoCo team.

 20:12 <Work^Seony> jose, sure.  our team leader, drake_kr will show them.

 20:12 <PabloRubianes> Jason_Jang-KO: thanks!

 20:12 <SergioMeneses> nice!

 20:13 <drake_kr> Here it is. https://wiki.ubuntu.com/KoreanTeam/activities/14

 20:13 <jose> I don't see any videos there

 20:14 <Work^Seony> http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s_u2ESJwXJY

 20:14 <Jason_Jang-KO> least +5 links in above page.

 20:14 <Work^Seony> http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v7qfQTq6SYk

 20:14 <jose> oh, I missed those

 20:14 <jose> thanks

 20:15 <jose> are there any reasons why the meetings are not in the LoCo Team Portal?

 20:15 <Jason_Jang-KO> U R welcome, jose

 20:16 <Jason_Jang-KO> i knew that there's a meeting, sorry. jose

 20:17 <costales> How is working your Facebook page? :) https://www.facebook.com/groups/ubuntu.ko

 20:17 <Work^Seony> do we allow to post or edit the loco team portal page?

 20:17 <jose> I just wanted to know if you guys have any feedback related to the LoCo Team Portal

 20:17 <jose> you are allowed, that is why your page is there

 20:17 <Work^Seony> costales, sadly, the facebook page is the most active community even though we've pushed users to use our own community website.

 20:18 <SergioMeneses> looks like you have a lot of fun!

 20:18 <costales> Yes, It's fine for me :) We have to go where the users are! not the users to us :P

 20:18 <Work^Seony> yea, we do

 20:18 <PabloRubianes> Work^Seony: the LoCo portal is a good way to record you meeting history and plan future meetings

 20:19 <Work^Seony> PabloRubianes, I see.  Actually, no one knows about it.  We'll do.

 20:19 <PabloRubianes> Work^Seony: if you want, we can help you with that

 20:20 <jose> erm... whoopsie.

 20:20 <jose> I shouldn't have pressed that button

 20:21 <costales> alehop!

 20:21 <jose> any other questions?

 20:21 <costales> I didn't see Install Parties

 20:22 <Work^Seony> PabloRubianes, I appreciate your help.  Please let me know how to do it, or you can give me a link for manual or anything helps.

 20:22 <PabloRubianes> everybody back?

 20:22 <costales> Maybe am I missing a link?

 20:22 <jose> Work^Seony: we'll surely guide you on that later today

 20:22 <costales> https://wiki.ubuntu.com/KoreanTeam/activities

 20:22 <Work^Seony> jose, Thanks.  Can I ask a question not related to today topic?

 20:22 <Jason_Jang-KO> THX so much, jose

 20:22 <jose> Work^Seony: I would prefer not now

 20:23 <Work^Seony> ok

 20:23 <costales> Work^Seony, are there install parties? :)

 20:23 <Work^Seony> costales, That page is what we've updated everything.

 20:24 <Work^Seony> What do you mean, "install parties"?

 20:24 <costales> ops, sorry

 20:24 <costales> release parties

 20:24 <costales> when you celebrate a new Ubuntu release

 20:24 <costales> :)

 20:25 <Work^Seony> oh yes we did, but there was a story.

 20:25 <costales> or an Ubuntu Hour, where you take a drink with other users :D

 20:25 <costales> :) what happened? :)

 20:25 <Jason_Jang-KO> maybe ;  http://loco.ubuntu.com/events/ubuntu-ko/2788-ubuntu-1404-launching-party/

 20:25 <Work^Seony> as everyone knows, our Reverification application has been pending, and therefore we were not able to request CD/DVDs.

 20:26 <costales> thanks for the link :D I didn't see it :$

 20:26 <Work^Seony> We had the party without any 14.04 DVDs

 20:26 <costales> Place Support : Microsoft Korea :D

 20:26 <Work^Seony> funny ;)

 20:26 <costales> > : )

 20:26 <Jason_Jang-KO> ^^

 20:26 <KyulingLee> :)

 20:26 <drake_kr> Hand maid mini-DVD shared by me :)

 20:26 <igxactly> yes it was :)

 20:26 <jose> any other questions?

 20:27 <Work^Seony> s/maid/made

 20:27 <PabloRubianes> no me jose

 20:27 <Work^Seony> other questions related to today topic only?

 20:27 <PabloRubianes> not*

 20:27 <costales> No me jose :)

 20:27 <SergioMeneses> all good here!

 20:27 <Work^Seony> thanks everyone.

 20:28 <jose> #vote Ubuntu-KO Re-Verification

 20:28 <meetingology> Please vote on: Ubuntu-KO Re-Verification

 20:28 <meetingology> Public votes can be registered by saying +1, +0 or -1 in channel, (for private voting, private message me with 'vote +1/-1/+0 #channelname)

 20:28 <jose> #voters PabloRubianes costales SergioMeneses jose

 20:28 <meetingology> Current voters: PabloRubianes SergioMeneses costales jose

 20:28 <PabloRubianes> +1

 20:28 <meetingology> +1 received from PabloRubianes

 20:28 <costales> +1

 20:28 <meetingology> +1 received from costales

 20:28 <SergioMeneses> +1 congrats!

 20:28 <meetingology> +1 congrats! received from SergioMeneses

 20:28 <jose> +1

 20:28 <meetingology> +1 received from jose

 20:28 <jose> #endvote

 20:28 <meetingology> Voting ended on: Ubuntu-KO Re-Verification

 20:28 <meetingology> Votes for:4 Votes against:0 Abstentions:0

 20:28 <meetingology> Motion carried

 20:29 <jose> congratulations.

 20:29 <PabloRubianes> congrats Korean Team

 20:29 <costales> Congratulations and thank you team! Well done! Please, keep your hard work in the future :D

 20:29 <Jason_Jang-KO> THX, every one.

 20:29 <costales> Jason_Jang-KO, |o/

 20:29 <Jason_Jang-KO> ok, we will

 20:29 <drake_kr> thank you very much gentlemen

 20:30 <KyulingLee> thank you very much~

 20:30 <jose> please, one of the administrators will need to confirm the addition to the team

 20:30 <igxactly> Thanks very much again :)

 20:30 <jose> since there are no other agenda items, this is all for today, thanks

 20:30 <jose> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)