== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 21 Jul at 16:34 &mdash; 16:58 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2014/ubuntu-meeting.2014-07-21-16.34.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting 
=== Announcements ===
The discussion about "Announcements" started at 16:34.


=== Weekly stand-up report ===
The discussion about "Weekly stand-up report" started at 16:35.


=== Highlighted packages ===
The discussion about "Highlighted packages" started at 16:53.

  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/mupdf.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/ldap-account-manager.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/openarena.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/nullmailer.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/qtnx.html 

=== Miscellaneous and Questions ===
The discussion about "Miscellaneous and Questions" started at 16:54.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * jdstrand (28)
 * tyhicks (15)
 * mdeslaur (8)
 * jjohansen (8)
 * sbeattie (6)
 * meetingology (3)
 * sarnold (2)
 * ubottu (1)



== Full Log ==


 16:34 <jdstrand> #startmeeting

 16:34 <meetingology> Meeting started Mon Jul 21 16:34:27 2014 UTC.  The chair is jdstrand. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:34 <meetingology> 

 16:34 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 16:34 <jdstrand> The meeting agenda can be found at:

 16:34 <jdstrand> [LINK] https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting

 16:34 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Announcements

 16:34 <jdstrand> Reinhard Tartler (siretart) provided a package for trusty for libav (LP: #1341216)

 16:35 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1341216 in libav (Ubuntu Utopic) "Libav security fixes Jul 2014" [High,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1341216

 16:35 <jdstrand> Your work is very much appreciated and will keep Ubuntu users secure. Great job!

 16:35 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Weekly stand-up report

 16:35 <jdstrand> I'll go first

 16:35 <jdstrand> I'm on community this week

 16:35 <jdstrand> I'm working on openjdk-6 updates today

 16:35 <jdstrand> I've got performance reviews to do

 16:36 <jdstrand> and plan on doing apparmor testing and helping out in any way I can to get that landed

 16:36 <jdstrand> mdeslaur: you're up

 16:36 <mdeslaur> I'm in the happy place this week

 16:36 <mdeslaur> I have some updates pending

 16:36 <mdeslaur> and have a lot more to work on

 16:36 <mdeslaur> that's about it from me

 16:36 <mdeslaur> sbeattie: you're up

 16:37 <sbeattie> I'm focused on apparmor this week.

 16:37 <sbeattie> I'll be testing stuff in support of jjohansen, basically doing whatever he needs in support of landing the socket stuff

 16:38 <mdeslaur> cool

 16:38 <sbeattie> And with jdstrand's note, I guess I have the sword damocles' performance reviews hanging over my head.

 16:38 <sbeattie> meh, sword of ...

 16:38 <sbeattie> that's pretty much it for me

 16:38 <sbeattie> tyhicks: you're up

 16:39 <tyhicks> I'm focused on AppArmor

 16:39 <tyhicks> I'm currently getting jj's parser patches for supporting multiple policy cache dirs into shape for upstreaming

 16:40 <tyhicks> they needed to be rebased against upstream and a couple of the later patches in the series didn't build

 16:40 <tyhicks> that's all fixed and now I'm going back through to clean things up and then start testing

 16:40 <tyhicks> there's still a few stubbed out pieces of functionality that I need to implement, too

 16:41 <tyhicks> I'll be working on that until the abstract socket patches are available for packaging and testing

 16:41 <tyhicks> Oh, I have a short week this week (off on Friday)

 16:41 <tyhicks> and I need to do performance review stuff

 16:41 <tyhicks> that's it for me

 16:41 <tyhicks> jjohansen: you're up

 16:42 <jjohansen> I'm focused on apparmor this week, I'm going to cram socket stuff at sbeattie, and tyhicks until they are sick of it

 16:43 <mdeslaur> sweet

 16:43 <jdstrand> \o/

 16:43 <jjohansen> I'm also going to hand some upstream testing work over to tyhicks, so we can get a push out before the security window closes

 16:44 * jjohansen and tyhicks will coordinate to get that done

 16:44 <tyhicks> I'm detecting a buffer overflow of my 4 work days this week

 16:44 <tyhicks> ;)

 16:44 <tyhicks> jjohansen: approx when does that window close?

 16:45 <mdeslaur> heh

 16:45 <jdstrand> thankfully, that should be the last big piece for the phone

 16:45 <jjohansen> tyhicks: its not fixed but james like to have the patches for the next release by around rc5

 16:45 <jjohansen> the other subsystems seem to have pushed already

 16:45 <tyhicks> we're at rc6

 16:46 <jjohansen> yes

 16:46 <tyhicks> cool, we'll see if we can make it

 16:46 <jjohansen> we are late already but he will likely take it if we can get it out before rc7

 16:47 <jjohansen> I think that is it for me, sarnold you're up

 16:49 <sarnold> I'm on triage this week; I'm also doing a MIR of librevenge, some additional code review of trust-store, performance review, and webrtc-audio-processing MIR; if there's any spare cycles they'll probably go towards apparmor patch reviews

 16:49 <sarnold> I think that's it for me, chris appears out, jdstrand?

 16:53 <jdstrand> ok

 16:53 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Highlighted packages

 16:53 <jdstrand> The Ubuntu Security team will highlight some community-supported packages that might be good candidates for updating and or triaging. If you would like to help Ubuntu and not sure where to start, this is a great way to do so.

 16:53 <jdstrand> See https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/UpdateProcedures for details and if you have any questions, feel free to ask in #ubuntu-security. To find out other ways of helping out, please see https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/GettingInvolved.

 16:53 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/mupdf.html

 16:53 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/ldap-account-manager.html

 16:53 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/openarena.html

 16:54 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/nullmailer.html

 16:54 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/qtnx.html

 16:54 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Miscellaneous and Questions

 16:54 <jdstrand> Does anyone have any other questions or items to discuss?

 16:58 <jdstrand> mdeslaur, sbeattie, tyhicks, jjohansen, sarnold, ChrisCoulson: thanks!

 16:58 <jdstrand> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)