== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 15 Sep at 18:20 &mdash; 18:43 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2014/ubuntu-meeting.2014-09-15-18.20.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting 
=== Announcements ===
The discussion about "Announcements" started at 18:20.


=== Weekly stand-up report ===
The discussion about "Weekly stand-up report" started at 18:20.


=== Highlighted packages ===
The discussion about "Highlighted packages" started at 18:37.

  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/docker.io.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/pyfribidi.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/transifex-client.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/dracut.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/bip.html 

=== Miscellaneous and Questions ===
The discussion about "Miscellaneous and Questions" started at 18:38.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * jdstrand (30)
 * mdeslaur (8)
 * jjohansen (6)
 * chrisccoulson (5)
 * sbeattie (5)
 * tyhicks (5)
 * meetingology (3)
 * ubottu (2)



== Full Log ==


 18:20 <jdstrand> #startmeeting

 18:20 <meetingology> Meeting started Mon Sep 15 18:20:11 2014 UTC.  The chair is jdstrand. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 18:20 <meetingology> 

 18:20 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 18:20 <jdstrand> The meeting agenda can be found at:

 18:20 <jdstrand> [LINK] https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting

 18:20 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Announcements

 18:20 <jdstrand> Otto Kekaelaeinen (otto) provided a debdiff for trusty for mariadb-5.5 (LP: #1363222)

 18:20 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1363222 in mariadb-5.5 (Ubuntu) "USN-2291-1: MySQL vulnerabilities also applies to MariaDB" [Undecided,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1363222

 18:20 <jdstrand> Your work is very much appreciated and will keep Ubuntu users secure. Great job! :)

 18:20 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Weekly stand-up report

 18:20 <jdstrand> I'll go first

 18:21 <jdstrand> I'm on community

 18:21 <jdstrand> I will be working on the apparmor landing as my first priority

 18:21 <jdstrand> I also want to look at tightening lxc apparmor policy

 18:22 <jdstrand> as well as updating UCT for tracking derivative branches (eg, ubuntu-rtm)

 18:22 <jdstrand> I didn't get to patch piloting last week, so plan to this week

 18:22 <jdstrand> mdeslaur: you're up

 18:22 <mdeslaur> I'm in the happy place this week

 18:22 <mdeslaur> I'm currently testing some django updates

 18:23 <mdeslaur> and have a couple of embargoed issues to work on

 18:23 <mdeslaur> and continuing to go down the CVE list

 18:23 <mdeslaur> that's it, sbeattie, tag, you're it

 18:23 <sbeattie> I'm on apparmor again this week

 18:24 <sbeattie> My first priority is the apparmor landing

 18:24 * jdstrand should have said 'apparmor kernel landing'-- the userspace bits are in

 18:24 <sbeattie> right

 18:24 <sbeattie> I'm also planning on digging into some bugs that weren't blockers for userspace landing

 18:25 <sbeattie> That's pretty much it for my week; tyhicks?

 18:25 <tyhicks> I'm focusing on the apparmor kernel landing

 18:26 <tyhicks> within ~30 minutes of this meeting ending, I'll be sending out a parser and man page fix, as well as a bunch of AF_UNIX regression tests

 18:26 <tyhicks> then I'll start working on whatever bug jjohansen needs me to work on

 18:26 <tyhicks> that's it for me

 18:26 <tyhicks> jjohansen: you're up

 18:27 <jjohansen> well with some many people working on the apparmor kernel landing, I guess I can take the week off?

 18:27 <mdeslaur> lol :)

 18:27 <jjohansen> sigh, well okay I guess I am working on the apparmor kernel landing too

 18:27 <jjohansen> I specifically am working on fixes the last few bugs that we know of

 18:27 <mdeslaur> jjohansen: the plan is for everyone to hold hands in a circle around you and chant "go jj, go jj, go jj"

 18:28 <jjohansen> thanks for the reminder, I'll remember to bring my noise canceling headphones

 18:29 <jjohansen> if I get time I also have some patches I need to upstream

 18:29 <jjohansen> I don't have anything elese sarnold, you are up

 18:30 <mdeslaur> I think sarnold had to leave, who's next?

 18:31 <jdstrand> chrisccoulson if he is here

 18:31 <jdstrand> we can give him a few minutes

 18:33 <chrisccoulson> hi, I'm kind of hovering around still

 18:35 <chrisccoulson> so, last week, I got lots of tests written for the security status API in oxide (and found some bugs too)

 18:35 <chrisccoulson> this week, I'll have a chromium update to get out. I also still need to publish the corresponding oxide update too

 18:35 <chrisccoulson> other than that, I shall be mostly focusing on bug 1260016

 18:35 <ubottu> bug 1260016 in oxide-qt (Ubuntu) "Add an API to allow defining custom URL scheme delegates" [Critical,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1260016

 18:36 <chrisccoulson> that's me done

 18:37 <jdstrand> thanks

 18:37 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Highlighted packages

 18:37 <jdstrand> The Ubuntu Security team will highlight some community-supported packages that might be good candidates for updating and or triaging. If you would like to help Ubuntu and not sure where to start, this is a great way to do so.

 18:37 <jdstrand> See https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/UpdateProcedures for details and if you have any questions, feel free to ask in #ubuntu-security. To find out other ways of helping out, please see https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/GettingInvolved.

 18:37 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/docker.io.html

 18:37 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/pyfribidi.html

 18:37 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/transifex-client.html

 18:37 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/dracut.html

 18:37 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/bip.html

 18:38 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Miscellaneous and Questions

 18:38 <jdstrand> Does anyone have any other questions or items to discuss?

 18:43 <jdstrand> mdeslaur, sbeattie, tyhicks, jjohansen, chrisccoulson: thanks!

 18:43 <jdstrand> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)