== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 17 Mar at 16:42 &mdash; 17:38 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2014/ubuntu-meeting.2014-03-17-16.42.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting 
=== Review of any previous action items ===
The discussion about "Review of any previous action items" started at 16:42.

  * ''ACTION:'' chrisccoulson send oxide and qtwebkit benchmark results to mailing list

=== Weekly stand-up report ===
The discussion about "Weekly stand-up report" started at 16:45.


=== Highlighted packages ===
The discussion about "Highlighted packages" started at 17:03.

  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/slurm-llnl.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/gksu-polkit.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/lib3ds.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/google-authenticator.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/libdigidoc.html 

=== Miscellaneous and Questions ===
The discussion about "Miscellaneous and Questions" started at 17:04.




== Vote results ==




== Action items, by person ==

 * chrisccoulson
  * chrisccoulson send oxide and qtwebkit benchmark results to mailing list



== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * jdstrand (79)
 * jjohansen (40)
 * tyhicks (17)
 * chrisccoulson (10)
 * sarnold (7)
 * mdeslaur (7)
 * meetingology (4)



== Full Log ==


 16:42 <jdstrand> #startmeeting

 16:42 <meetingology> Meeting started Mon Mar 17 16:42:12 2014 UTC.  The chair is jdstrand. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:42 <meetingology> 

 16:42 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 16:42 <jdstrand> The meeting agenda can be found at:

 16:42 <jdstrand> [LINK] https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting

 16:42 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Review of any previous action items

 16:42 <jdstrand> [ACTION] chrisccoulson send oxide and qtwebkit benchmark results to mailing list

 16:42 * meetingology chrisccoulson send oxide and qtwebkit benchmark results to mailing list

 16:43 <chrisccoulson> that's done

 16:43 <jdstrand> chrisccoulson: cool. where did that go? I haven't gone through all of my email yet from being off friday

 16:44 <chrisccoulson> jdstrand, https://lists.launchpad.net/oxide/msg00003.html

 16:44 <jdstrand> awesome!

 16:44 * jdstrand hugs chrisccoulson :)

 16:45 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Weekly stand-up report

 16:45 <jdstrand> I'll go first

 16:45 <jdstrand> I have pending updates

 16:45 <jdstrand> and an embargoed issue

 16:46 <jdstrand> mdeslaur: you're up

 16:46 <mdeslaur> I'm on triage this week

 16:46 <mdeslaur> I just published a couple of usns, and I have a few more that are at the testing stage

 16:47 <jdstrand> mdeslaur: (fyi, sb eattie is off today)

 16:47 <mdeslaur> that's about it, I'll be going down the list after that

 16:47 <mdeslaur> tyhicks: you're up

 16:47 <tyhicks> I submitted v2 of the dbus-daemon patches upstream last friday

 16:48 <jjohansen> \o/

 16:48 <tyhicks> so now I'm looking at kdbus and helping out with apparmor work items this week

 16:48 <tyhicks> if I can get to it, taking another look at the test-kernel-security.py failures on powerpc would be good, too

 16:48 <tyhicks> that's it for me

 16:49 <tyhicks> jjohansen: you're up

 16:49 <jjohansen> I'm pulling my hair out, err working on apparmor again this week.

 16:49 <chrisccoulson> heh :)

 16:50 <jjohansen> There where some qrt test failures that sarnold reported at the end of the week that we need to finish looking in to.

 16:50 <jdstrand> jjohansen: that is 2.8.95 related?

 16:50 <jjohansen> and there are still issues around ipc, with sockets

 16:50 <jjohansen> jdstrand: yes

 16:50 <jdstrand> hrm

 16:51 <jdstrand> do we expect 2.8.95 to land this week?

 16:51 <jdstrand> (that is for sarnold and jjohansen)

 16:52 <jjohansen> jdstrand: I think so

 16:52 <sarnold> jdstrand: I think so, there were more QRT failures on the nexus 4 than I expected, but it was rough even getting it to run there, so perhaps itshouldn't be a surprise

 16:53 <jdstrand> hmm

 16:53 <jjohansen> jdstrand: 2 of the failures are due to things not being supported in the test environment/platform and not being properly detected as such. The others I haven't looked into yet

 16:53 <jdstrand> tyhicks: didn't you do qrt on the nexus 4?

 16:53 <jdstrand> I thought it was working

 16:53 <jdstrand> but might be misremembering

 16:53 <sarnold> jdstrand: .. and I think the 2.8.0 apparmor packaging on the nexus 4 fails your test plan in the same ways as the new 2.8.95 apparmor fails it, so I'm hopeful there :)

 16:53 <tyhicks> jdstrand: I'm pretty sure that I did

 16:54 <tyhicks> but I'd guess that sarnold is talking about testing 2.8.95 on the nexus 4

 16:54 <jdstrand> sarnold: I'm interested in hearing more specifics about that

 16:54 <jdstrand> tyhicks: yes, but just said that 2.8.0 fails similarly

 16:54 <tyhicks> oh

 16:54 <jdstrand> sarnold: we can discuss outside of the meeting

 16:55 <jjohansen> yep

 16:55 <jjohansen> I think that is it from me, sarnold your up

 16:56 <sarnold> I'm on community this week

 16:56 <sarnold> also landing apparmor this week

 16:56 <sarnold> and I still have juju, schroot, strongswan, glusterfs, and cgmanager MIRs to start and finish.

 16:57 <sarnold> so I'm really hoping we can land apparmor today :)

 16:58 <sarnold> I think that's it for me, chrisccoulson you're up :)

 16:58 <chrisccoulson> this week, i've got mozilla updates

 16:58 <chrisccoulson> also planning to land oxide in the archive

 16:59 <chrisccoulson> and finish my ever growing list of oxide code reviews :)

 16:59 <chrisccoulson> and hopefully get https://code.launchpad.net/~chrisccoulson/oxide/network-callbacks merged, which has turned in to quite a significant chunk of work now

 16:59 <chrisccoulson> i think that's me done :)

 17:02 <jdstrand> chrisccoulson: network-callbacks is the lion's share of the UA overrides work you mentioned in the oxide meeting?

 17:03 <chrisccoulson> jdstrand,  it is. but it also contains hooks for storage access permissions (well, currently only cookies, but this is going to be extended to local storage, appcache, indexeddb and webdb as well) too

 17:03 <chrisccoulson> and it has support for third party cookie blocking

 17:03 <jdstrand> ack

 17:03 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Highlighted packages

 17:03 <jdstrand> he Ubuntu Security team will highlight some community-supported packages that might be good candidates for updating and or triaging. If you would like to help Ubuntu and not sure where to start, this is a great way to do so.

 17:03 <jdstrand> See https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/UpdateProcedures for details and if you have any questions, feel free to ask in #ubuntu-security. To find out other ways of helping out, please see https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/GettingInvolved.

 17:03 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/slurm-llnl.html

 17:04 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/gksu-polkit.html

 17:04 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/lib3ds.html

 17:04 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/google-authenticator.html

 17:04 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/libdigidoc.html

 17:04 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Miscellaneous and Questions

 17:04 <jdstrand> I have some questions related to our major deliverables for 14.04

 17:06 <jdstrand> based on the oxide standup today, oxide should be landing in the archive this week. webbrowser-app will follow after that and there is still quite a bit to do, but it is still believed that we will deliver oxide (and other teams webbrowser-app, UbuntuWebView and webapp-container)

 17:06 <jdstrand> that is awesome

 17:07 <jdstrand> apparmor 2.8.95 seems like it is close and sounds like it should land this week. We really need to make sure it does to pave the way for the next update

 17:07 <jdstrand> jjohansen: you mentioned that there is a bug related to ipc, with sockets. is that the remaining known bug?

 17:07 <jjohansen> the as in singular? no

 17:08 <jjohansen> its one of the remaining problems

 17:08 <jjohansen> v5 behavior (old kernel should be fine)

 17:08 <jdstrand> jjohansen: assuming 2.8.95 was fixed and landed in the archive, what is left for landing ipc?

 17:08 <jjohansen> new kernel has issues

 17:09 <jjohansen> jdstrand: there needs to be some revisions around ptrace, signals, and other policy

 17:10 <jjohansen> there needs to be some fixes to the network code

 17:10 <jjohansen> I think its doable this week

 17:10 <jdstrand> jjohansen: the network code is doable this week?

 17:11 <jjohansen> I think so

 17:11 <jdstrand> is the sockets ipc bug for this week?

 17:11 <jjohansen> yes I plan to fix that this week

 17:12 <jdstrand> jjohansen: 'new kernel has issues' - is that the network code, v5 behavior, or something else?

 17:14 * jdstrand meant to add to his items this week to comment on the ipc policy

 17:14 <jjohansen> jdstrand: there are a few things, network code, there is a replacement issue around compound labels, there needs to be a versioning behavior change around the xtrans table in the parser that is fed into the kernel

 17:15 <jdstrand> ok. so, I'm just trying to create a list so I better understand where we are

 17:15 <jjohansen> jdstrand: lets put it this way, its good enough to pass the current regression tests, but issues are known (which just means we need to add more tests)

 17:16 <jdstrand> cause I'm starting to get nervous about ipc landing

 17:16 * jjohansen too

 17:16 <jjohansen> oh and I need to do testing of it as a backport on precise and make sure its working right there

 17:17 <jdstrand> jjohansen: is the versioning change for this week?

 17:17 <jjohansen> some that should be working but I haven't tested yet with the latest kernel

 17:17 <jjohansen> jdstrand: yes it is needed

 17:18 <jdstrand> jjohansen: is the replacement issue around compound labels the socket issue or something else?

 17:18 <jjohansen> jdstrand: it is something else

 17:18 <jdstrand> is the replacement issue for this week?

 17:18 <jjohansen> jdstrand: I have a patch to fix it, but applying that patch causes the kernel to die for a different but related reason so I need to fix that

 17:19 <jdstrand> ok

 17:19 <jjohansen> jdstrand: the replacement issue can be put off, as things can work with out it.

 17:19 <jdstrand> jjohansen: were you able to upload test packages to the ppa based of sarnold's 2.8.95 from last week?

 17:19 <jjohansen> compound labels just don't get updated correctly after replacement

 17:19 <jjohansen> jdstrand: I have not, yet. I can do that today

 17:20 <jdstrand> jjohansen: re ppa> well, only if it helps people. perhaps wait until you have the final packages we plan to upload since they may land tomorrow

 17:20 <jdstrand> personally, I won't be able to install them today

 17:21 <jdstrand> but could tomorrow

 17:21 <jjohansen> okay

 17:21 <jdstrand> sb eattie is off today, so delaying to at least tomorrow makes sense to me

 17:22 <jdstrand> jjohansen: 'there needs to be some revisions around ptrace, signals, and other policy' - are you talking about policy language?

 17:23 <jjohansen> yes, its minor

 17:23 <jjohansen> the actual work won't take long

 17:24 <jdstrand> ok, so known issues. iirc, no one really responded to the policy language changes in the thread

 17:24 <jdstrand> of course, we worked through a lot of that before

 17:24 <jdstrand> do we feel like the policy language is in good shape (other than this minor issue)?

 17:25 <jdstrand> jjohansen: ^

 17:26 <jjohansen> I don't even know that I'd call it an issue, as looking for clarification, so we are happy with a final syntax

 17:26 <jdstrand> I see-- so, "yes, the final syntax is very close"

 17:26 <jjohansen> something that needs input from more than just me

 17:27 <jjohansen> yes we are close

 17:27 <jjohansen> we are talking about sugar, not functionality

 17:27 <jdstrand> right. perhaps respond to the list saying the lack of response is blocking it landing?

 17:27 <jjohansen> can do

 17:28 <jdstrand> jjohansen: does this look about right> http://paste.ubuntu.com/7109323/

 17:28 <jdstrand> oh, I forgot to ask about testing

 17:28 <jdstrand> jjohansen: do you know where we stand on coverage for these new features?

 17:29 <jjohansen> ptrace is pretty good, signal less so

 17:30 <jdstrand> jjohansen: I know that is a lot in sb eattie's domain, but curious if you knew

 17:30 <jdstrand> ok'

 17:31 <jdstrand> ok

 17:31 <jjohansen> that said, signal is not as bad as it may seem. It is actually getting tested in several of the other regression tests

 17:31 <jdstrand> so, I think I captured all that. I'd like outside of this meeting to discuss a plan to land this, with assigning people to do different things

 17:32 <jdstrand> tyhicks: should we push the v2 dbus patches once upstream ACKs them?

 17:32 <jdstrand> tyhicks: push to trusty that is

 17:32 <tyhicks> jdstrand: that's something I've been wondering

 17:32 <tyhicks> jdstrand: I think it would be a good idea

 17:32 <jdstrand> trusty is 5 years LTS

 17:33 <jdstrand> it seems like it would be

 17:33 <tyhicks> jdstrand: I feel confident in them and have tested them a considerable amount

 17:33 <tyhicks> I think so

 17:33 <jdstrand> ok, we need to come up with a plan for all this stuff

 17:33 <jdstrand> Does anyone have any other questions or items to discuss?

 17:33 <jjohansen> yeah I think that its a good idea, to push them in

 17:34 <tyhicks> all except for the last 2 patches in the series are a drop-in replacement

 17:34 <tyhicks> we wouldn't push those last 2 patches, becaues they depend on a dbus-daemon method that isn't in trusty's dbus-daemon

 17:34 <mdeslaur> tyhicks: what's special about the last to?

 17:34 <mdeslaur> oh

 17:34 <tyhicks> mdeslaur: it is a new method to get a peer's security credentials

 17:35 <mdeslaur> ok

 17:35 <tyhicks> we would live with our current distro-patched org.freedesktop.DBus.GetConnectionAppArmorSecurityContext() method

 17:36 <tyhicks> that's no big deal

 17:38 <jdstrand> mdeslaur, tyhicks, jjohansen, sarnold, chrisccoulson: thanks!

 17:38 <jdstrand> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)