== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting: ubuntu-server-team, 02 Dec at 16:00 &mdash; 16:13 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2014/ubuntu-meeting.2014-12-02-16.00.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Review ACTION points from previous meeting ===
The discussion about "Review ACTION points from previous meeting" started at 16:01.


=== Vivid Development ===
The discussion about "Vivid Development" started at 16:02.

  * ''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/VividVervet/ReleaseSchedule 
 * '''Release Bugs''' (16:04)
  * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-v-tracking-bug-tasks.html#ubuntu-server 
 * '''Blueprints''' (16:05)
  * ''LINK:'' http://status.ubuntu.com/ubuntu-v/group/topic-v-server.html 
  * ''LINK:'' https://blueprints.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+spec/topic-v-server 

=== Server & Cloud Bugs (caribou) ===
The discussion about "Server & Cloud Bugs (caribou)" started at 16:06.


=== Weekly Updates & Questions for the QA Team (psivaa) ===
The discussion about "Weekly Updates & Questions for the QA Team (psivaa)" started at 16:08.


=== Weekly Updates & Questions for the Kernel Team (smb, sforshee, arges) ===
The discussion about "Weekly Updates & Questions for the Kernel Team (smb, sforshee, arges)" started at 16:10.


=== Ubuntu Server Team Events ===
The discussion about "Ubuntu Server Team Events" started at 16:11.


=== Open Discussion ===
The discussion about "Open Discussion" started at 16:12.


=== Announce next meeting date and time ===
The discussion about "Announce next meeting date and time" started at 16:13.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * gaughen (56)
 * beisner (8)
 * psivaa_ (4)
 * caribou (4)
 * smb (4)
 * zul (3)
 * meetingology (3)
 * matsubara (3)
 * coreycb (2)
 * smoser (1)
 * arges (1)
 * gnuoy (1)
 * Kick (1)



== Full Log ==


 16:00 <gaughen> #startmeeting ubuntu-server-team

 16:00 <meetingology> Meeting started Tue Dec  2 16:00:56 2014 UTC.  The chair is gaughen. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:00 <meetingology> 

 16:00 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 16:01 <gaughen> thanks beisner!

 16:01 <Kick> o/

 16:01 <gaughen> #topic Review ACTION points from previous meeting

 16:01 <gaughen> matsubara to chase someone that can update release bugs report: http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-v-tracking-bug-tasks.html#ubuntu-server

 16:01 <coreycb> o/

 16:01 <matsubara> hey there 0/

 16:01 <gaughen> matsubara, that is the only action item listed

 16:02 <matsubara> I didn't! Can you re-add the action item for me? I know who I need to ping about that just didn't get to it

 16:02 <gaughen> sure, I shall leave it on the list

 16:02 <matsubara> thanks!

 16:02 <gaughen> #topic Vivid Development

 16:02 <gaughen> #link https://wiki.ubuntu.com/VividVervet/ReleaseSchedule

 16:03 <gaughen> we've past feature definition freeze, next big milestone is Feb 19 - feature freeze

 16:03 <gaughen> I hope everyone is looking at package merges and other hygiene tasks for the release

 16:03 <gaughen> anything else worth noting on vivid?

 16:04 <gaughen> #subtopic Release Bugs

 16:04 <gaughen> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-v-tracking-bug-tasks.html#ubuntu-server

 16:04 <gaughen> so I can't get to that link today, beisner can you?

 16:04 <beisner> nope, that's the one we need to have checked out

 16:04 <gaughen> aah, I didn't realize it was the actual link that was broke

 16:04 <gaughen> thought it was the content

 16:05 <gaughen> okay, moving on then

 16:05 <gaughen> thanks beisner !

 16:05 <beisner> bugs, what bugs?

 16:05 <gaughen> #subtopic Blueprints

 16:05 <gaughen> #link http://status.ubuntu.com/ubuntu-v/group/topic-v-server.html

 16:05 <gaughen> #link https://blueprints.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+spec/topic-v-server

 16:05 <gaughen> last I looked our blueprints needed some serious love

 16:05 <gaughen> I'd like to have them all prettied up over the next week or so

 16:06 <gaughen> smoser, gnuoy coreycb zul and everyone else ---^

 16:06 <zul> hi

 16:06 <gnuoy> ack

 16:06 <gaughen> zul, that was just a nag

 16:06 <gaughen> so consider yourself nagged zul

 16:06 <zul> gaughen: oh...continue on then

 16:06 <gaughen> #topic Server & Cloud Bugs (caribou)

 16:07 <gaughen> caribou_, ?

 16:07 <caribou> nothing much to mention

 16:07 <caribou> aside from making my first encounter with systemd

 16:07 <gaughen> caribou, and you survived?

 16:07 <caribou> gaughen: apparently yes :)

 16:07 <caribou> all good for me then

 16:07 <zul> cool ubuntu server is perfect then

 16:08 <gaughen> #topic Weekly Updates & Questions for the QA Team (psivaa)

 16:08 <gaughen> psivaa_, anything?

 16:08 <psivaa_> gaughen: nothing much

 16:08 <psivaa_> :)

 16:08 <gaughen> any interesting test results from the qa side for server?

 16:09 <gaughen> or is everything green and wonderful psivaa_

 16:09 <psivaa_> not green, but we dont have any new failures,

 16:09 <gaughen> anything we should be worried about?

 16:10 <psivaa_> i dont think so

 16:10 <gaughen> okay then, moving along

 16:10 <gaughen> #topic Weekly Updates & Questions for the Kernel Team (smb, sforshee, arges)

 16:10 <smb> Nothing from here to bring up. Anything anybody thinks needing more attention from our side?

 16:10 <smb> Anybody?

 16:10 <smb> Mueller?

 16:11 <gaughen> smb, I don't think so but I'm just back from vacation today

 16:11 <arges> well you all know where to find us : )

 16:11 <gaughen> okay, I shall move on then

 16:11 <gaughen> we do

 16:11 <gaughen> at the pub!

 16:11 <smb> :)

 16:11 <gaughen> #topic Ubuntu Server Team Events

 16:11 <gaughen> no planned events at this time.

 16:12 <gaughen> well there is the mysql and variants sprint next week

 16:12 <gaughen> and we talked a couple of weeks ago about having a virtual sprint around systemd

 16:12 <gaughen> I need to chase slangasek down about that

 16:12 <gaughen> moving on

 16:12 <gaughen> #topic Open Discussion

 16:12 * beisner proposes new topic:  "rbasak is coredev!"

 16:12 <gaughen> anything to discuss?

 16:12 <gaughen> WHAT?

 16:12 <gaughen> beisner, WHAT?

 16:12 <beisner> to quote #ubuntu-meeting from yesterday:

 16:12 <beisner> ...vote rbasak for core-dev

 16:12 <beisner> ...Motion carried

 16:12 <beisner> <rbasak> \o/

 16:12 <smoser> horah!

 16:13 <gaughen> WOOT WOOT WOOT!

 16:13 <gaughen> about damn time.

 16:13 <gaughen> #topic Announce next meeting date and time

 16:13 <coreycb> congrats rbasask!

 16:13 <gaughen> next meeting is next week at this time. Kick is in charge.

 16:13 <beisner> yes, congrats rbasak!

 16:13 <gaughen> until then y'all.

 16:13 <gaughen> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)