== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 15 May at 15:01 &mdash; 15:21 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2014/ubuntu-meeting.2014-05-15-15.01.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== lightning round ===
The discussion about "lightning round" started at 15:01.


=== AOB ===
The discussion about "AOB" started at 15:17.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * slangasek (29)
 * xnox (26)
 * bdmurray (22)
 * ubottu (13)
 * mvo (13)
 * cjwatson (11)
 * ogra_ (9)
 * barry (9)
 * jodh (9)
 * doko (7)
 * caribou (5)
 * meetingology (3)



== Full Log ==


 15:01 <slangasek> #startmeeting

 15:01 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu May 15 15:01:48 2014 UTC.  The chair is slangasek. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 15:01 <meetingology> 

 15:01 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 15:01 <slangasek> [TOPIC] lightning round

 15:02 <slangasek> $ echo $(shuf -e barry doko stgraber jodh bdmurray slangasek cjwatson xnox caribou infinity mvo)

 15:02 <slangasek> barry caribou bdmurray stgraber infinity mvo jodh doko xnox slangasek cjwatson

 15:02 <barry> \o/

 15:02 <barry> mostly working on debian bug #732703.  i have a full working stack, discussed with debian pythonistas on various forums, and ready to be applied and uploaded.  currently writing some documentation, and then will release new debian packages for DPMT maintained packages, with bugs and diffs for non-team maintained packages.  should have all this finished today, modulo interacting with maintainers and nmus.

 15:02 <ubottu> Debian bug 732703 in python3.4 "python3.4: cannot create a virtualenv" [Normal,Open] http://bugs.debian.org/732703

 15:02 <barry> other: patch piloted. debian bug #744300 + SRU'd to trusty.  LP: #1317660.  scripttest 1.3-1.  python-pip 1.5.5-1.

 15:02 <ubottu> Debian bug 744300 in pexpect "missing dependency on dh-python" [Wishlist,Fixed] http://bugs.debian.org/744300

 15:02 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1317660 in pexpect (Ubuntu) "[SRU] Bug: AttributeError: 'error' object has no attribute 'errno'" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1317660

 15:02 <barry> meet with q/a folks re: system-image testing for utopic.  need to get nose2-conv packages in debian (debian bug #740195) so that i can capture coverage output for q/a dashboard.

 15:02 <ubottu> Debian bug 740195 in wnpp "ITP: nose2-cov -- A coverage plugin for the nose2 Python testing framework." [Wishlist,Open] http://bugs.debian.org/740195

 15:02 <barry> todo: triage and planning utopic work for system-image.

 15:02 <barry> done

 15:03 <caribou> * makedumpfile 1.5.6 now published in Debian unstable

 15:03 <caribou> * Worked on adding remote kernel dump functionality to Debian/Ubuntu. Now working with SSH & NFS

 15:03 <caribou> * Worked on Bug 1313602 now waiting for merge proposal

 15:03 <caribou> * Started initial work for PPU application to the DMB

 15:03 <ubottu> bug 1313602 in nova-cloud-controller (Juju Charms Collection) "Nova-cloud-controller charms failed to sync ssh keys between compute nodes" [Undecided,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1313602

 15:03 <caribou> done

 15:04 <bdmurray> research into successfully retried retaces by the error tracker

 15:04 <bdmurray> research into indicator-sound retracing failures

 15:04 <bdmurray> updated the daisy retracer to be more informative when failing to retrace

 15:04 <bdmurray> irc discussion regarding RecoverableProblem duplicate signatures

 15:04 <bdmurray> reported apport bug 1319099 regarding whoopsie-upload-all not uploading RecoverableProblems

 15:04 <ubottu> bug 1319099 in apport (Ubuntu) "whoopsie-upload-all does not upload RecoverableProblem reports" [High,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1319099

 15:04 <bdmurray> reported apport bug 1319477 regarding whoopsie-upload-all waiting period

 15:04 <ubottu> bug 1319477 in apport (Ubuntu) "whoopsie-upload-all waits for crash files to upload that have failed to upload" [High,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1319477

 15:04 <bdmurray> replied to mailing list thread regarding the error tracker

 15:04 <bdmurray> research into phased-update of nautilus (manually set to 100%)

 15:04 <bdmurray> helped infinity tracker down errors made by the phased updater

 15:04 <bdmurray> testing of whoopsie on the nexus 4

 15:04 <bdmurray> reported bug 1319213 regarding android dual boot and files in /var/crash/

 15:04 <ubottu> bug 1319213 in android (Ubuntu) "keeping user data keeps files in /var/crash which makes little sense" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1319213

 15:04 <bdmurray> submitted apport merge proposal fixing bug 1316841

 15:04 <ubottu> bug 1316841 in Daisy "apportcheckresume does not create a duplicate signature" [Medium,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1316841

 15:04 <bdmurray> submitted merge proposal with fixes for bugs 1319099, 1316763

 15:04 <bdmurray> SRU verification of bug 1277706 (failed?)

 15:04 <bdmurray> SRU verification of apport upload to trusty-proposed

 15:04 <ubottu> bug 1316763 in apport (Ubuntu Trusty) "bucketing of recoverable problems is done poorly" [Medium,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1316763

 15:04 <ubottu> bug 1277706 in ubiquity (Ubuntu Precise) "ubiquity in precise-updates, doesn't have tight enough dependency on python-apt leading to crashers" [High,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1277706

 15:04 <bdmurray> uploaded apport fix for bug 1235436

 15:04 <ubottu> bug 1235436 in apport (Ubuntu) "/etc/init/apport-noui.conf is non-functional on the phone" [Critical,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1235436

 15:04 <bdmurray> bug bot modifications for mythbuntu installer bug, flightgear upgrade failure

 15:04 <bdmurray> added 13.10 iso verification code to the bug bot

 15:04 <bdmurray> ran bug bot against ubiquity bugs for 13.10 isos

 15:04 <bdmurray> updated pMRE report for vlc, sent email to tech board

 15:04 <bdmurray> patch pilot

 15:05 <bdmurray> ✔ done

 15:06 <slangasek> stgraber is off today, so presumably not reporting despite being in the channel

 15:06 <slangasek> looks like mvo is next

 15:06 <mvo> Shorter week, 2*0.5 days off

 15:06 <mvo> Did:

 15:06 <mvo> - click: bug triage, create some feature/bugfix branches, ride the CI train for the first time (yeah!)

 15:06 <mvo> - hwe-eol: work on corner cases in detection script

 15:06 <mvo> - merges: look at some old-merges

 15:06 <mvo> - misc: explore unity8 in the desktop

 15:06 <mvo> - apt: work on abi-break branch, bugfix/ensure-optional-targets, bugfix/update-progress-reporting, bugfix for robustness on corrupted Translation-$lang files

 15:06 <mvo> Todo:

 15:06 <mvo> - hwe eol

 15:06 <mvo> - sprint preparing

 15:07 <mvo> (done)

 15:07 <mvo> slangasek: no infinity today?

 15:07 <jodh> * foundations-1305-upstart-work-items:

 15:07 <slangasek> mvo: I've pinged him, but he's not in the channel so go ahead

 15:07 <jodh> - cgroup+async support:

 15:07 <jodh> - wrote a new test to ensure jobs not auto-started until cgmanager available.

 15:07 <jodh> - Fixed a async re-exec issue.

 15:07 <jodh> - Currently working on another re-exec issue whilst

 15:07 <jodh> * other:

 15:07 <jodh> - Out tomorrow and Monday.

 15:07 <jodh> Ꜯ

 15:08 <jodh> Oops! '- Currently working on another re-exec issue whilst working with xnox on async branch re-jiggling' :)

 15:08 <doko> - work on GCC warning regressions PR 61106 and 61126

 15:08 <doko> - work on GCC 4.8.3 updates before the upstream release

 15:08 <doko> - fix gnat link issues on AArch64

 15:08 <doko> - openjdk-8 packaging

 15:08 <doko> (done)

 15:09 <xnox> * upstart/async:

 15:09 <xnox> - completing refactoring async branch

 15:09 <xnox> - all/most code is merged into lp:upstart/async staging branch

 15:09 <xnox> - everything is synchronous in that branch at the moment, next

 15:09 <xnox> starting flipping to async process-by-process

 15:09 <xnox> * gcc-4.9:

 15:09 <xnox> - trianged / sent patches for 10 FTBFS bugs

 15:09 <xnox> * python2/autopilot:

 15:09 <xnox> - DONE autopilot1.5 has landed

 15:09 <xnox> - TODO camera, gallery, sudoku apps declare py3 compat in their

 15:09 <xnox> trunks, but not on the images yet.

 15:09 <xnox> - TODO make python2-autopilot depend on python2-evdev.

 15:09 <xnox> * insserv/systemd:

 15:09 <xnox> - ongoing in-distro init systems improvements, e.g. UPSTART_SESSION

 15:09 <xnox> in the environment should no longer affect package

 15:09 <xnox> configuration/installation. Progressing with pitti/vorlon to enable insserv.

 15:09 <xnox> * was off mon-wed

 15:09 <xnox> ..

 15:10 <slangasek> * short week, out sick this past Monday

 15:10 <slangasek> * Java engineer hired, starts Monday

 15:10 <slangasek> * prepping for Malta

 15:10 <slangasek> * discussing UEFI on arm64 with the hyperscale and server teams

 15:10 <slangasek> * TODO:

 15:10 <slangasek> * look at systemd integration with nfs-utils and rpcbind (Debian bug #622394)

 15:10 <ubottu> Debian bug 622394 in nfs-common "nfs-common: breaks systemd - dependency cycle in require-start leads to removal of critical jobs" [Normal,Open] http://bugs.debian.org/622394

 15:10 <slangasek> * more malta prep

 15:10 <slangasek> (done)

 15:10 <barry> xnox: image #29 is still pulling in py2.

 15:10 <cjwatson> livefs in LP:

 15:10 <cjwatson> - Worked on a scheme to pass additional arguments through.  I've uploaded the livecd-rootfs part of this, although I'm holding off on my Launchpad code for now since it probably wants separate review and isn't needed for the initial deployment.

 15:10 <cjwatson> - Finished writing browser tests and pushed https://code.launchpad.net/~cjwatson/launchpad/livefs-browser/+merge/219505.

 15:10 <cjwatson> - Got initial cdimage code working.

 15:10 <cjwatson> - Did a successful end-to-end ubuntu-touch build with local cdimage and Launchpad instances!

 15:10 <cjwatson> - Released and got webops to deploy launchpad-buildd bug fixes.

 15:10 <xnox> barry: correct, as it should.

 15:10 <cjwatson> A few merges.  Synced r-base, which unblocked a pile of stuff.

 15:10 <cjwatson> Reviewed some of Michael's click changes, although he is currently outpacing me.  Helped with some CI Train handling.

 15:10 <slangasek> xnox: why did you send patches for the gcc-4.9 bugs instead of NMUing? :)

 15:10 <cjwatson> Fixed libfreehand/ppc64el FTBFS.

 15:10 <cjwatson> To do before Malta: finish cdimage/Launchpad integration; experiment with autopilot on x86 emulator; respond to any LP review feedback; sort through some more of Michael's click branches

 15:10 <cjwatson> ..

 15:11 <xnox> slangasek: because they ain't yet RC. And i've been told off about 0-day NMU for "good" reasons, when it's "not RC yet".

 15:11 <barry> xnox: hmm. didn't the ap changes to remove py2 land in #29?

 15:11 <slangasek> xnox: ah, well, that's what delayed NMUs are for, then.. .but ok :)

 15:12 <xnox> slangasek: joined Debian GNOME team to do "team uploads" of my pending patches. Most of gcc-ftbfs are not team managed packages =(

 15:12 <slangasek> xnox: python2> what do we need to do to drive this to completion?  how do we get these apps from trunk to image?

 15:12 <xnox> slangasek: i was expecting for that to just happen whilst i was away. but it didn't.

 15:12 <xnox> slangasek: will poke people about it.

 15:12 <slangasek> ok, cool

 15:13 <ogra_> note that i just dropped the thos python2 packages in touch

 15:13 <xnox> barry: so in autopilot-touch metapackage, i still explicitely hold on to py2, because i can only drop that once all clicks on the image correctly declare their py3 alignment.

 15:13 <ogra_> (test image is building right now)

 15:13 <ogra_> *the two

 15:13 <slangasek> ogra_: so you're breaking the click apps that are still missing their py3 declarations?

 15:13 <ogra_> python2-autopilot and python2-evdev

 15:14 <ogra_> slangasek, i had three independed people ping me to drop these two packages today

 15:14 <barry> maybe we can talk about this after the meeting?

 15:14 <xnox> ogra_: you will fail autopackage tests in gallery-app, sudoku-app and camera-app. As well as breaking all the deb based python2 autopackage tests.

 15:14 <ogra_> which i now did

 15:14 <xnox> ogra_: well, you should talk to TIL first.

 15:14 <ogra_> robru even with high urgency

 15:14 <ogra_> referring to barry

 15:15 <slangasek> ok, deep topic, let's take this out of the meeting :)

 15:15 * ogra_ is in meetings for the next 2h and then gone

 15:16 <slangasek> but we definitely should not be pulling python2 off the images before the click packages are all resolved per https://blueprints.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+spec/core-1311-python3-roadmap

 15:17 <slangasek> [TOPIC] AOB

 15:18 <slangasek> anything else here?

 15:18 <slangasek> everyone ready for the sprint?

 15:18 * mvo nods

 15:18 <doko> GCC bug squashing tomorrow and Saturday!

 15:19 <slangasek> reminder to put sprint agenda items on https://wiki.canonical.com/UbuntuEngineering/Sprints/ClientSprint-May2014/Foundations please

 15:19 <doko> yep

 15:21 <slangasek> ok then

 15:21 <slangasek> short meeting - thanks all, now let's get the python sorted on the phone images :0

 15:21 <slangasek> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)