== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 17 Jul at 17:07 &mdash; 17:52 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2014/ubuntu-meeting.2014-07-17-17.07.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/CommunityCouncilAgenda 
=== Forum Council ===
The discussion about "Forum Council" started at 17:09.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * elfy (33)
 * hannie (26)
 * bapoumba (21)
 * YokoZar (14)
 * howefield (6)
 * meetingology (3)
 * coffeecat (1)



== Full Log ==


 17:07 <elfy> #startmeeting

 17:07 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Jul 17 17:07:35 2014 UTC.  The chair is elfy. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 17:07 <meetingology> 

 17:07 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 17:07 <elfy> seems that there's just YokoZar and me from the CC at the moment

 17:08 <YokoZar> Hello

 17:08 <hannie> hi elfy

 17:08 <hannie> and all

 17:08 <elfy> hi hannie

 17:08 <howefield> hello all

 17:08 <bapoumba> hello !

 17:08 <elfy> https://wiki.ubuntu.com/CommunityCouncilAgenda

 17:08 <elfy> forums council is first - and I know they are here :)

 17:09 <elfy> so - bapoumba howefield coffeecat - how's things going there

 17:09 <elfy> oops

 17:09 <elfy> #topic Forum Council

 17:09 <bapoumba> good from my perspective elfy

 17:11 <elfy> is there anything that we can help with

 17:11 <YokoZar> So the standard question I like to present at these catchups is if there's any friction between you and other teams you think could go smoother

 17:11 <YokoZar> Eg if you've been waiting on something or similar

 17:11 <bapoumba> we have much stuff going on

 17:11 <bapoumba> but no frictions

 17:11 <howefield> FC are working on quite a few topics to improve the forums which will need help form others but no friction for now

 17:12 <bapoumba> as I'm new on FC, are these catch ups to resolve issues ?

 17:14 <elfy> if there are any :)

 17:14 <bapoumba> OK thanks :)

 17:15 <YokoZar> bapoumba: They're also just a good way of finding smallish (or biggish) things that people don't bring up unless prodded

 17:15 <bapoumba> well, we've been talking with the doc team

 17:16 <bapoumba> they'd like some area on the forums, we're working that out with them

 17:17 <hannie> That's good to know. The doc team has come to live again

 17:18 <bapoumba> Hey hannie, we've been talking with Doug S and Peter

 17:18 <hannie> ah, great. I follow them on their list.

 17:19 <hannie> both great guys

 17:19 <bapoumba> hannie, yes :)

 17:19 <bapoumba> we get to know Doug better as he is active on the forums

 17:19 <hannie> It is always good to see more cooperation between teams

 17:20 <bapoumba> hannie, yes

 17:20 <elfy> so generally everything is ok at the moment

 17:21 <bapoumba> elfy, yes from me

 17:21 <howefield> in the short time I have been on the FC, things haven't moved so fast, so pretty good tbh.

 17:22 <elfy> indeed :)

 17:23 <elfy> YokoZar: anything from you ?

 17:23 <YokoZar> I'm just generally reassured.  Forums are in general a hard thing to get right.

 17:24 <elfy> well I'm good with what's going on obviously

 17:24 <bapoumba> YokoZar, ?

 17:25 <YokoZar> bapoumba: I'm proud of our forums.  Most web forums are not something I'd be proud of ;)

 17:25 <bapoumba> :)

 17:25 <bapoumba> thanks

 17:25 <howefield> that's really good to hear.

 17:26 <bapoumba> YokoZar, we'll pass it on to the moderation team if you do not mind

 17:26 <YokoZar> Of course.

 17:28 <bapoumba> YokoZar, I see you used to post there :)

 17:28 <elfy> I will add that we appear to have got a good working relationship going with IS now generally - which was in the past something the FC has needed help with

 17:29 <elfy> we certainly don't feel quite like the red-headed step child so much now

 17:30 <hannie> What's IS?

 17:30 <bapoumba> elfy, that was from the past past

 17:30 <elfy> indeed

 17:31 <elfy> ok - if there's nothing else we can move on I think

 17:31 <elfy> anything from FC ?

 17:31 <bapoumba> not from me, thanks for the kind words YokoZar

 17:32 <YokoZar> Thank you FC

 17:32 <howefield> thanks elfy

 17:32 <howefield> and YokoZar

 17:33 <coffeecat> thanks

 17:35 <elfy> thanks all

 17:35 <bapoumba> thanks elfy

 17:35 <elfy> # Topic Translations team

 17:36 <elfy> so - is there anyone here from the translations team ?

 17:36 <hannie> yes, but I think I am the only one

 17:36 <hannie> That is, I am from Ubuntu Dutch translators

 17:37 <elfy> hi hannie - good to see you again :)

 17:37 <hannie> There is no such thing as a Translations team, as far as I know. Only local teams

 17:37 <hannie> hey elfy, yes, it's a long time since we last spoke to each other

 17:37 <elfy> yes understood, though I was under the impression there was at least a mailing list for translations

 17:38 <hannie> yes, the mailing list is the form of communication between local teams

 17:38 <elfy> ok - so the invitation we sent was a general one to the list :)

 17:38 <hannie> It is a good means to make contact with others about translations issues

 17:39 <hannie> yes, there is not really a translators coordinator. In the past it was David Planella

 17:39 <elfy> hannie: so generally as far as you know - all is well?

 17:39 <elfy> I'd guess that he still is

 17:40 <YokoZar> Are translations something that need active coordination these days?

 17:40 <hannie> yes, the gui of the Ubuntu Desktop (Trusty) is translated in many languages

 17:40 <hannie> No, David has moved on to the ubuntu os for cellphones

 17:40 <YokoZar> What I mean is that I think we've automated/routineized most of the translations infrastructure, and I think bootstrapped most languages with at least small translation teams to get started

 17:41 <YokoZar> *made routine

 17:41 <YokoZar> "by translation teams" I mean volunteers like you of course

 17:42 <hannie> We use Launchpad to translate. All  the ubuntu packages are placed there to be translated in many different languages.

 17:43 <hannie> Local translation teams usually work on their own, but they communicate via the translators mailing list

 17:43 <hannie> I think this is a good structure. No complaints from my side, except that Lauchpad keeps on giving us headaches

 17:44 <hannie> It very often produces errors while saving to LP

 17:45 <hannie> We have filed bugs in the past, but to no avail. I guess we have to learn to live with those errors

 17:45 <elfy> hannie: was just about to ask that

 17:46 <hannie> Ok. But in general, like I said, it works fine as is

 17:48 <hannie> elfy, if there are no questions on translations, I think this is what I had to say. It is a pity there are not more translators here

 17:49 <YokoZar> You're not the only part of the project to complain about Launchpad :)

 17:49 <YokoZar> Thank you though

 17:49 <elfy> indeed

 17:49 <elfy> thanks for your time hannie

 17:49 <hannie> ah, good to know (

 17:49 <hannie> ok, everyone, see you all next time

 17:49 <hannie> thanks elfy, for being chair

 17:49 <elfy> bye hannie

 17:50 <elfy> YokoZar: unless there's anything else I guess we can wrap that up

 17:52 <elfy> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)