== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 08 May at 15:02 &mdash; 15:41 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2014/ubuntu-meeting.2014-05-08-15.02.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning round ===
The discussion about "Lightning round" started at 15:02.


=== DebConf planning ===
The discussion about "DebConf planning" started at 15:17.


=== AOB ===
The discussion about "AOB" started at 15:26.

  * ''LINK:'' https://launchpad.net/~phablet-team/+member/ubuntu-core-dev maybe that
  * ''LINK:'' https://launchpad.net/~ubuntu-core-dev/+invitation/phablet-team 
  * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.debian.org/cgi-bin/pkgreport.cgi?tag=ftbfs-gcc-4.9;users=debian-gcc@lists.debian.org 



== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * slangasek (62)
 * mvo (36)
 * xnox (31)
 * cjwatson (27)
 * bdmurray (26)
 * ubottu (22)
 * jodh (17)
 * doko (16)
 * barry (11)
 * meetingology (3)
 * popey (3)



== Full Log ==


 15:02 <slangasek> #startmeeting

 15:02 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu May  8 15:02:01 2014 UTC.  The chair is slangasek. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 15:02 <meetingology> 

 15:02 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 15:02 <slangasek> [TOPIC] Lightning round

 15:02 <cjwatson> Oh I forgot about mumble this week, oops

 15:02 <slangasek> ah that's why it was quiet

 15:02 <slangasek> $ echo $(shuf -e barry doko stgraber jodh bdmurray slangasek cjwatson xnox caribou infinity mvo)

 15:02 <slangasek> slangasek jodh infinity mvo barry stgraber cjwatson bdmurray caribou xnox doko

 15:02 <slangasek> not much news from me this week

 15:02 <slangasek> * in contract phase on the Java role

 15:02 <slangasek> * busy week for NEW processing for the phone (MMS, qt gles packages)

 15:02 <slangasek> * discussions with sergiusens about use of gccgo vs. go-gc for go-based package

 15:02 <slangasek> (done)

 15:03 <slangasek> jodh:

 15:03 <jodh> * foundations-1305-upstart-work-items:

 15:03 <jodh> - cgroup support:

 15:03 <jodh> - Finished reworking test_job_process async test suite. However,

 15:03 <jodh> some more recent changes seem to have now broken

 15:03 <jodh> test_job so currently identifying the issue and fixing up the tests.

 15:03 <jodh> - Currently working with xnox to clean up the branch and identify

 15:03 <jodh> fix the remaining tests.

 15:03 <jodh> * upstart:

 15:04 <jodh> - Prepared initial fix for bug 1315060. Now adding an append option:

 15:04 <ubottu> bug 1315060 in upstart (Ubuntu Utopic) "Allow --confdir to look for system jobs in more than one directory" [Critical,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1315060

 15:04 <jodh> https://code.launchpad.net/~jamesodhunt/upstart/bug-1315060

 15:04 <jodh> - Merged a fix upstream for building upstart under utopic (thanks to cjwatson

 15:04 <jodh> for review): lp:~jamesodhunt/upstart/fix-deprecated-json-calls.

 15:04 <jodh> * misc:

 15:04 <jodh> - upgraded to utopic.

 15:04 <jodh> - Obtained full strace for bug 1314697.

 15:04 <ubottu> bug 1314697 in dnsmasq (Ubuntu) "DNS resolution no longer works; dnsmasq uses 100% CPU" [Undecided,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1314697

 15:04 <jodh> ◎

 15:04 <jodh> slangasek: sorry - had to scrabble for my unicode end-of-message glyph :)

 15:04 <slangasek> heh

 15:04 <slangasek> infinity is at the cloud sprint this week

 15:04 <slangasek> mvo:

 15:04 <mvo> = Next week =

 15:04 <mvo> - further HardwareEnablement EOL work

 15:04 <mvo> - Click, address issues raised during the code review(s)

 15:04 <mvo> - work on outstanding trusty ubuntu-release-upgrader issues (i.e.

 15:04 <mvo> regression in locale.setlocale())

 15:04 <mvo> = Last week =

 15:04 <mvo> click:

 15:05 <mvo> lp:~mvo/click/documentation-tweak

 15:05 <mvo> lp:~mvo/click/multiple-frameworks

 15:05 <mvo> lp:~mvo/upstart-app-launch/hide-on-missing-framework

 15:05 <mvo> hwe-eol:

 15:05 <mvo> - Coordination

 15:05 <mvo> - lp:~mvo/update-manager/hwe-support-status

 15:05 <mvo> misc:

 15:05 <mvo> - open/upload translated package description utopic series in LP

 15:05 <mvo> - Another try to get "apt" bash-completions included #747094, I begin to

 15:05 <mvo> think I should maintain this as part of the apt source package myself

 15:05 <mvo> - Prepare fix for multiarch upgrade issue to send upstream (we need to

 15:05 <mvo> have the same pkgname as debian for this fix)

 15:05 <mvo> - ubuntu-release-upgrader for utopic

 15:05 <mvo> - (very few) merges - should I do more?

 15:05 <mvo> apt:

 15:05 <mvo> - big merge of all abi break branches

 15:05 <mvo> - debug/fix various smal regression/test-failures in the abi break branch

 15:05 <cjwatson> mm, I've been meaning to learn how to write bash completion

 15:05 <mvo> [DONE]

 15:05 <mvo> prepare fix for multiarch upgrade issue - for samba4

 15:05 <mvo> (sorry that apparently got lost)

 15:06 <barry> phone: python3 ports for ubuntu-filemanager-app, webbrowser-app, sudoku-app, autopilot temp-dev fix for sphinx, general autopilot py3 planning, discussions, development.  with help from xnox and thomir, we should be eliminating py2 from touch *in the next day or so*.

 15:06 <barry> ubu/deb: debian bug 745673, debian bug 732703.

 15:06 <ubottu> Debian bug 745673 in wnpp "ITP: wheel -- PEP 427-based built-package format for Python" [Wishlist,Fixed] http://bugs.debian.org/745673

 15:06 <ubottu> Debian bug 732703 in python3.4 "python3.4: cannot create a virtualenv" [Normal,Open] http://bugs.debian.org/732703

 15:06 <barry> misc: upgraded laptop to utopic.  desktop coming soon.

 15:06 <barry> todo: patch pilot today

 15:06 <barry> done

 15:06 * mvo checks 427

 15:06 <slangasek> mvo: more merges> there's a long tail of stale merges that no one is dealing with... I claimed the 4-year-old gxine merge the other day. :) http://qa.ubuntuwire.com/oldmerges/

 15:06 <barry> wheels ftw!

 15:07 <mvo> barry: :)

 15:07 <doko> mvo is the new ev

 15:07 <mvo> slangasek: aha! thanks, I will check that out and attack some

 15:07 <mvo> doko: *cough* I hope that is something positive

 15:08 <slangasek> barry: hurray! death to python2 and all it stands for!

 15:08 <slangasek> (or something?)

 15:08 <slangasek> stgraber is also at the cloud sprint

 15:08 <slangasek> so, cjwatson

 15:08 <xnox> doko: not quite, it's still under 200 lines.... unless mvo is only getting started =)

 15:08 <barry> \o/

 15:09 <xnox> barry: slangasek: well baring autopilot managing to pass through ci-train and 3 more clicks to land.

 15:09 <cjwatson> livefs in LP:

 15:09 <cjwatson> - Continuing work on the browser code.  This is almost entirely done now although not yet pushed anywhere; I still need to finish writing test code.

 15:09 <cjwatson> - Set up a local buildd slave so that I could do a straight-through test.  This was (eventually) successful, but in the process I discovered a small but important bug in the launchpad-buildd code, so we'll need to roll out a fix for that.

 15:09 <cjwatson> - Worked through William's initial review of https://code.launchpad.net/~cjwatson/launchpad/livefs/+merge/217261.

 15:09 <cjwatson> - To do: finish browser tests, reviews/QA/deployment, cdimage changes.

 15:09 <cjwatson> Reviewed and extended Dimitri's fix for bug 1275162 and uploaded to unstable for syncing to Ubuntu.  Uploaded trusty SRU candidate (also with fixes for bug 1314134).

 15:09 <ubottu> bug 1275162 in grub2 (Ubuntu Trusty) "incorrect efibootmgr command is set by update-grub under OVMF" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1275162

 15:09 <cjwatson> Reviewed Michael's click branches.

 15:09 <ubottu> bug 1314134 in grub2 (Ubuntu Trusty) "network stack never yields control on busy networks" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1314134

 15:09 <cjwatson> Tested germinate SRUs.

 15:09 <cjwatson> gnuradio 3.7.3 transition.

 15:09 <slangasek> xnox: is bfiller the right person to help us make sure the clicks land?

 15:09 <cjwatson> Helped out with address-book-app -proposed blockage.

 15:10 <cjwatson> Signed up for DebConf.  Whee.

 15:10 <cjwatson> ..

 15:10 <bdmurray> check in with thedac regarding OOPS cf deletion process

 15:10 <bdmurray> daisy: don't write to OOPS CF if there is no StacktraceAddressSignature

 15:10 <bdmurray> daisy: update EoL releases to include Natty and Oneiric (someone submitted crashes for them)

 15:10 <bdmurray> daisy: don't accept crashes without an ExecutablePath

 15:10 <bdmurray> reported RT 70111 regarding read / write access to cassandra after testing

 15:10 <bdmurray> submitted RT to update daisy to r436

 15:10 <bdmurray> submitted rt to have daisy updated and subsequently retry retracing failures to retrace

 15:10 <bdmurray> ubuntu-emulator testing of apport and whoopsie

 15:10 <bdmurray> reported ubuntu-emulator-runtime bug 1316302 and MAC addresses

 15:10 <bdmurray> reported daisy bug 1316337 regarding adding useless data to the OOPS cf

 15:10 <bdmurray> reported daisy bug 1316763 re: bucketing of recoverable problems

 15:10 <bdmurray> reported apport bug 1316344 regarding webbrowser app crash report truncation

 15:11 <ubottu> bug 1316302 in goget-ubuntu-touch (Ubuntu) "ubuntu-emulator-runtime uses the same MAC address" [High,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1316302

 15:11 <ubottu> bug 1316337 in Daisy "daisy adds crashes to OOPS column family that have no StacktraceAddressSignature" [High,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1316337

 15:11 <ubottu> bug 1316763 in Daisy "bucketing of recoverable problems is done poorly" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1316763

 15:11 <ubottu> bug 1316344 in apport (Ubuntu) "webbrowser crash files destroyed somehow" [High,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1316344

 15:11 <xnox> slangasek: and/or with poppey/serguisens. Potentially we can do direct to store upload to fix up the manifest key, if we end up blocked on that.

 15:11 <bdmurray> reported apport bug 1316841 regarding no duplicate signatures for apportcheckresume crashes

 15:11 <ubottu> bug 1316841 in apport (Ubuntu) "apportcheckresume does not create a duplicate signature" [High,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1316841

 15:11 <bdmurray> reported apport bug 1316845 regarding package version for apportcheckresume

 15:11 <ubottu> bug 1316845 in apport (Ubuntu) "apportcheckresume does not contain package version" [High,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1316845

 15:11 <bdmurray> investigation into kubuntu-driver-manager increase in crash rate (overrode it)

 15:11 <bdmurray> investigation into phased updater issue with qtiplot

 15:11 <bdmurray> overrode some (update-manager, software-properties) phased updates

 15:11 <bdmurray> bug bot modifications to check for more iso identities

 15:11 <bdmurray> uploaded Trusty fixes for bugs 1304143, 1306412

 15:11 <bdmurray> provisional MRE research for Tech Board

 15:11 <slangasek> xnox: please don't bypass the process unnecessarily :)

 15:11 <ubottu> bug 1306412 in patch (Ubuntu Trusty) "patch -pq throws segfault" [Low,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1306412

 15:11 <ubottu> bug 1304143 in gdebi (Ubuntu Trusty) "ImportError: cannot import name 'ki18n' when launching gdebi-kde" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1304143

 15:11 <bdmurray> ✔ done

 15:12 <xnox> gnutls26->28:

 15:12 <xnox> - merged 26, synced 28, thus gnutls-bin is now provided by gnutls28.

 15:12 <xnox> - will be filing bugs in debian to get packages migrated over

 15:12 <xnox> Systemd:

 15:12 <xnox> * Upload plymouth with initial systemd support. Fixed up obsolete

 15:12 <xnox> module (rtc) left over in /etc/modules. bug #1317077

 15:12 <xnox> SRU bugs fixed in utopic:

 15:12 <ubottu> bug 1317077 in kmod (Ubuntu) "systemd-modules-load.service fails: /etc/modules contains nonexisting module "rtc"" [Undecided,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1317077

 15:12 <xnox> - bug #1273462, bug #1315755, bug #1123460, bug #1249732,

 15:12 <cjwatson> gnutls> yay

 15:12 <xnox> bug #1315464, bug #1300464, bug #1275162 (when syncs from

 15:12 <ubottu> bug 1273462 in upstart (Ubuntu Trusty) "Users can mistakenly run init.d scripts and cause problems if an equivalent upstart job already exists" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1273462

 15:12 <xnox> debian)bzr diff

 15:12 <ubottu> bug 1315755 in initramfs-tools (Ubuntu Trusty) "/init: line 327: egrep: not found" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1315755

 15:12 <xnox> upstart:

 15:12 <ubottu> bug 1123460 in bzr (Ubuntu Trusty) "verify-signature crashes on non ascii characters" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1123460

 15:12 <xnox> - working with jodh to get async branch into shape for merging.

 15:12 <ubottu> bug 1249732 in bzr (Ubuntu Trusty) "bzr verify-signature fails when acceptable_keys is defined" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1249732

 15:12 <xnox> python2 off touch:

 15:12 <ubottu> bug 1315464 in dbus (Ubuntu Trusty) "Cannot login if ~/.cache is dead symlink" [Medium,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1315464

 15:12 <ubottu> bug 1300464 in ubiquity-slideshow-ubuntu (Ubuntu Trusty) "[UIFe] Ubuntu GNOME Trusty Slides Update" [Wishlist,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1300464

 15:12 <xnox> - progressing with fix-ups to drop python2 off the touch images.

 15:12 <ubottu> bug 1275162 in grub2 (Ubuntu Trusty) "incorrect efibootmgr command is set by update-grub under OVMF" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1275162

 15:12 <xnox> ..

 15:13 <xnox> cjwatson: seems pretty much everyone was eager to get that in debian as well. thus the upload restricting to add gpl v2+ compat turned around quickly.

 15:14 <cjwatson> People aren't so keen on old crypto code right now

 15:14 <mvo> heh

 15:14 <doko> - two days off

 15:14 <doko> - sent GCC 4.9 ftbfs issues

 15:14 <doko> - updating gcc-4.8 before the 4.8.3 release candidate

 15:14 <doko> - fix more python3.4 autopkg tests

 15:14 <doko> - got involved into the ensurepip wheel packaging

 15:14 <doko> - start looking at the proposal for the openjdk-8 packaging.

 15:14 <doko> (done)

 15:15 <slangasek> and no caribou today, it seems?

 15:15 <mvo> french holiday I think

 15:15 <slangasek> ah yes

 15:15 <mvo> (or on strike)

 15:16 <slangasek> aren't those the same thing? :)

 15:16 <mvo> lol

 15:17 <slangasek> [TOPIC] DebConf planning

 15:18 <slangasek> if I've already approved you to attend DebConf, please register for the conference (as a professional attendee): http://debconf14.debconf.org/registration.xhtml

 15:18 <slangasek> don't register yourself for food/accommodation, which we should handle centrally

 15:19 <slangasek> and if you're not sure if you're approved to attend, come talk to me :)

 15:19 <slangasek> I'll get an event code into the system ASAP so you can start submitting your travel requests too

 15:20 <doko> does this mean we won't have lunch together with the other participants?

 15:20 <cjwatson> err

 15:20 <slangasek> however, we still need to settle which dates everyone will be in attendance

 15:20 <cjwatson> I already registered myself for food/accommodation

 15:20 <cjwatson> I think I missed that memo

 15:20 <slangasek> cjwatson: yes, the memo is late, you get an exception ;P

 15:20 <cjwatson> should I try to unwind my registration?

 15:20 <slangasek> doko: no, it means that you should not register yourself for lunch because that makes it more difficult for the company to pay

 15:21 <slangasek> cjwatson: don't worry about it until I have a chance to talk to Michelle

 15:21 <cjwatson> ok

 15:21 <barry> slangasek: and that always goes so smoothly with our usa travel agent :)

 15:22 <slangasek> so we'll hopefully have the DebConf schedule fleshed out more in the next week or so, at which point we'll talk about which dates it makes most sense for people to attend ... assuming not everyone is going to attend for all 10 days

 15:22 <xnox> also ESTA approvals

 15:23 <slangasek> barry: in this case, PSU asks for payment at time of registration for the room, so that makes it easier for msm to just pay it :)

 15:23 <barry> slangasek: \o/

 15:24 <slangasek> any other questions?

 15:24 <barry> ah, you can't fill out the travel auth until there's an event code

 15:24 <slangasek> right

 15:25 <cjwatson> FWIW PSU only asked me for time-of-registration payment for food

 15:25 <cjwatson> that is, the bill consisted entirely of 4x 10x breakfast+lunch

 15:26 <slangasek> oh, interesting

 15:26 <cjwatson> whether that's an error on their part I don't know

 15:26 <slangasek> well, something else for me to bother them about :)

 15:26 <slangasek> [TOPIC] AOB

 15:27 <slangasek> anything else to discuss?

 15:27 <slangasek> everybody getting ready for Malta?

 15:27 * mvo nods

 15:28 <slangasek> does anyone here happen to know how to accept ubuntu-core-dev's invitation to https://launchpad.net/~phablet-team ?

 15:28 <slangasek> the team has no admins; I asked bdmurray whether the DMB got an email about it and he said no

 15:29 <xnox> slangasek: i think you need an admin, in the owners team?

 15:29 <xnox> slangasek: https://launchpad.net/~pspmteam/+members ?

 15:30 <popey> slangasek: i just tried to manually add but it failed, because its already been invited

 15:30 <slangasek> xnox: the invite has been sent by the admin of phablet-team, but someone has to accept it on behalf of ubuntu-core-dev

 15:30 <slangasek> and I don't know who that "someone" can be

 15:30 <xnox> slangasek: oh.

 15:30 <slangasek> maybe an option shows up in the UI for the members of the DMB?  barry, bdmurray?

 15:30 <bdmurray> what is the structure of the url invite?

 15:30 * barry is no longer dmb

 15:30 <slangasek> oh

 15:30 * xnox is

 15:31 <slangasek> right

 15:31 <xnox> oh, since i'm a member of phablet-team already, i can't add one of my teams to it?!

 15:31 <slangasek> xnox, popey, bdmurray: shall we adjourn and try to figure this out on #ubuntu-devel then?

 15:31 <slangasek> (anything else from anyone?)

 15:32 <doko> yep

 15:32 <bdmurray> https://launchpad.net/~phablet-team/+member/ubuntu-core-dev maybe that

 15:32 <xnox> no allowed here

 15:32 <doko> trying to prepare for GCC 4.9, planning to make it the default in Malta

 15:33 <popey> "Ubuntu Core Development Team (ubuntu-core-dev) has been invited to join this team, but hasn't responded to the invitation yet."

 15:33 <slangasek> I think you should make it the default everywhere, not just in Malta

 15:33 <popey> (when I click that link)

 15:33 <bdmurray> ah, I got it

 15:33 <bdmurray> https://launchpad.net/~ubuntu-core-dev/+invitation/phablet-team

 15:33 <doko> there are a number of issues now filed for Debian; I don't want to repeat the bug filing here in Ubuntu

 15:33 <doko> https://bugs.debian.org/cgi-bin/pkgreport.cgi?tag=ftbfs-gcc-4.9;users=debian-gcc@lists.debian.org

 15:34 <slangasek> doko: 94 is still a lot. is anyone driving down the bug list in Debian?  Will gcc-4.9 be made the default in Debian soon?

 15:34 <doko> can we do a 5 a week bug squash until Malta?

 15:35 <doko> slangasek, see the email to -release, and the refusal on the qt related ones to work on anything else before 4.9 is the default

 15:36 <slangasek> doko: link to the -release mail?

 15:36 <slangasek> these are certainly NMU candidates in Debian; perhaps you'd like to announce a "bugsquashing party" in Debian and drive them down there, before making the switch of default in either Debian or Ubuntu

 15:37 <slangasek> we certainly want to make sure the Qt packages are fixed in Ubuntu before we make the switch, so that we're not hampering the touch work

 15:37 <doko> yes, announcement will follow for ubuntu

 15:38 <xnox> bdmurray: accepted.

 15:38 <xnox> slangasek: ^

 15:38 <slangasek> xnox: yay!

 15:39 <bdmurray> well, now I could have clicked the button I was trying to say look I found it

 15:39 <xnox> slangasek: i hope this does not translate into spamming core-devs.... =)

 15:39 <slangasek> doko: anyway, I think it's best to coordinate this with Debian, and where possible to do the fixes there directly via bugsquash NMU

 15:39 <slangasek> xnox: I'm pretty sure ubuntu-core-dev mail is already bitbucketed :)

 15:40 <cjwatson> ubuntu-core-dev has an e-mail address yet

 15:40 <cjwatson> *set

 15:40 <xnox> slangasek: archived neatly in /dev/null ?! =)))))

 15:40 <slangasek> billgates@bugone.com

 15:40 <cjwatson> So it should at worst only spam  ubuntu-core-reviews@lists.ubuntu.com

 15:40 <xnox> anyway... gcc-4.9 transition bug fixing needed. ok.

 15:41 <slangasek> alright, sounds like that's everything then

 15:41 <slangasek> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)