== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting: DMB, 22 Sep at 15:08 &mdash; 15:34 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2014/ubuntu-meeting.2014-09-22-15.08.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

Review of previous action items
Applications - Timo Jyrinki
=== Applications - Timo Jyrinki ===
The discussion about "Applications - Timo Jyrinki" started at 15:11.

  * ''Vote:'' Mirv for MOTU (Carried)

=== AOB ===
The discussion about "AOB" started at 15:32.




== Vote results ==

 * [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2014/ubuntu-meeting.2014-09-22-15.08.log.html#47 Mirv for MOTU]]
  * Motion carried (For/Against/Abstained 6/0/0)
   *  Voters bdrung_work, stgraber, xnox, Laney, bdmurray, ScottK



== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * ScottK (26)
 * Mirv (25)
 * meetingology (14)
 * xnox (7)
 * Laney (3)
 * bdmurray (2)
 * bdrung_work (1)
 * stgraber (1)



== Full Log ==


 15:08 <ScottK> #startmeeting DMB

 15:08 <meetingology> Meeting started Mon Sep 22 15:08:27 2014 UTC.  The chair is ScottK. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 15:08 <meetingology> 

 15:08 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 15:08 <ScottK> #info Review of previous action items

 15:09 <ScottK> Don't see any.

 15:10 <ScottK> #info Applications - Timo Jyrinki

 15:10 <ScottK> Mirv: Can you tell us a bit about yourself and why you're applying for MOTU?

 15:11 <ScottK> #topic Applications - Timo Jyrinki

 15:11 <ScottK> (there we go)

 15:11 <Mirv> I'm a DD since 2008 and I've had PPU rights since last year to Qt packages

 15:11 * xnox o/

 15:11 <Mirv> I'd like to have MOTU rights to be more able to handle the CI Train landings (a portion of them) and to be able to do patch piloting in a sane way

 15:12 <Mirv> in the past I've tried to eg. help Xubuntu and Ubuntu Studio guys, but it's a bit hard since eventually I've needed a sponsorer

 15:12 <ScottK> Do you do much in the way of non-CI train managed uploads?

 15:13 * Mirv also just managed to catch a bus in a rain with laptop open and it's not broken

 15:13 <Mirv> ScottK: I would do on my patch pilot shifts in the future. otherwise generally not much, since everything I do related to Ubuntu phone efforts tends to go through silos.

 15:13 <ScottK> OK.

 15:14 <Mirv> for the train landings, MOTU would help me to approve universe packaging changes without consuming other MOTUs or core-devs' time

 15:14 <ScottK> How can we make the Qt5 process better with Debian?  It seems like Ubuntu is always behind and we end up with packages that are autosynced, but not buildable.

 15:15 <Mirv> ScottK: it's hard to predict the future. when the phone effort started squeezing down on feature releases and 5.3.0 seemed to work for us very well, it seemed less risky to cherry-pick fixes instead of going for 5.3.1

 15:16 <ScottK> And now we're going to release 14.10 two releases behind.

 15:16 <Mirv> 5.3.2 is now out and I've started working on that again, but it'd be for the start of v-series

 15:16 <Mirv> the original problem is that Ubuntu phone efforts have a very heavy QA and 0 regressions policy, which makes it harder to do timely transitions compared to Debian

 15:17 <Mirv> notably our 5.3.0 does have a portion of 5.3.1 as is, and a lot of important fixes for qtbase and qtdeclarative

 15:17 <ScottK> But now that they have their own RTM derivative, why should Ubuntu be stuck because of phone?

 15:18 <Mirv> we will get to the same problem with 5.4.x - from phone point of view, it'd seem less risky to consider switching to .2/.3 Qt upstream releaes instead of .0, but again other interest holders would probably like .0. Not sure though this time, as Qt 5 is becoming more mature and Debian is going into freeze with 5.3.2

 15:18 <ScottK> Next cycle Kubuntu will probably need 5.4 for Plasma 5, so it'll be fun.  Think about it.

 15:19 <ScottK> Anyone else?

 15:19 <Mirv> ScottK: my understanding is that phone effort will merge back to Ubuntu around the beginning of v-series. at the moment, there is no specific reason why someone else couldn't have worked on 5.3.1 to Ubuntu, and actually mitya57 did a bit of that too

 15:19 <Mirv> ScottK: yeah, it'll need to be continously pondered. I assumed as much (5.4 wanted)

 15:20 <Mirv> note that I don't have information on the derivative distro long term plans. but when the focus is there, like now, Ubuntu can have Qt uploads freely regardless of what the phone efforts wants

 15:21 <xnox> Mirv: have you handled large soname transitions in Ubuntu? how would you do one, if you had to?

 15:22 <Mirv> xnox: soname transitions are something I need to always get back to documentation with, since I do that rarely. I did some during the Unity / Compiz 12.10/13.04 cycles, bumping the package names according to the soname changes and handling reverse dependencies.

 15:23 <Mirv> and providing conflicts/breaks as needed for the bumped library

 15:24 <Mirv> in short, I'd read the documentation and prepare carefully so that there wouldn't be problem in the release pocket migration

 15:25 <bdmurray> Mirv: in your application you make reference to some check lists that you use. Are those personal check lists or have you shared them somewhere (e.g. a wiki)?

 15:26 <xnox> Mirv: speaking about proposed migration - Where is ubuntu documentation for it? Can you identify and tell why xiphos package has not migrated to release pocket yet?

 15:26 <Mirv> bdmurray: personal really. I've a mix of helper scripts and pseudo-scripts (check-lists) for eg. packaging review when Canonical upstream devs want their packages into archive

 15:26 <Mirv> and I use emacs org-mode too

 15:27 <Mirv> xnox: https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ProposedMigration

 15:27 <Mirv> xnox: on a quick look at http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses.html the binaries seem missing

 15:27 <Mirv> ah, right, in the NEW queue https://launchpad.net/ubuntu/utopic/+queue?queue_state=0&queue_text=

 15:28 <Mirv> so archive admin would need to do binary approval

 15:28 <xnox> Mirv: cool, thanks.

 15:30 <Laney> I'm good

 15:31 <ScottK> #vote Mirv for MOTU

 15:31 <meetingology> Please vote on: Mirv for MOTU

 15:31 <meetingology> Public votes can be registered by saying +1, +0 or -1 in channel, (for private voting, private message me with 'vote +1/-1/+0 #channelname)

 15:31 <ScottK> +1

 15:31 <meetingology> +1 received from ScottK

 15:31 <Laney> +1

 15:31 <meetingology> +1 received from Laney

 15:31 <bdrung_work> +1

 15:31 <meetingology> +1 received from bdrung_work

 15:31 <Laney> Would be good to see you in #ubuntu-motu

 15:31 <ScottK> Yes

 15:31 <xnox> +1

 15:31 <meetingology> +1 received from xnox

 15:31 <bdmurray> +1

 15:31 <meetingology> +1 received from bdmurray

 15:31 <Mirv> done, saved to irssi settings

 15:31 <ScottK> stgraber: ?

 15:32 <stgraber> +1

 15:32 <meetingology> +1 received from stgraber

 15:32 <ScottK> #endvote

 15:32 <meetingology> Voting ended on: Mirv for MOTU

 15:32 <meetingology> Votes for:6 Votes against:0 Abstentions:0

 15:32 <meetingology> Motion carried

 15:32 <ScottK> Mirv: Congratulations.

 15:32 <ScottK> #topic AOB

 15:32 <ScottK> Anyone have anything else?

 15:33 <Mirv> thanks all!

 15:33 * xnox didn't complete tasks from last meeting yet

 15:33 <xnox> will do them today, promise =)

 15:33 <ScottK> OK.

 15:33 <ScottK> Anyone else?

 15:34 <ScottK> That's it then.

 15:34 <ScottK> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)