== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting: ubuntu-server-team, 29 Jul at 16:00 &mdash; 16:22 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2014/ubuntu-meeting.2014-07-29-16.00.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Review ACTION points from previous meeting ===
The discussion about "Review ACTION points from previous meeting" started at 16:00.


=== U Development ===
The discussion about "U Development" started at 16:00.


=== Server & Cloud Bugs (caribou) ===
The discussion about "Server & Cloud Bugs (caribou)" started at 16:03.

  * ''LINK:'' http://status.ubuntu.com/ubuntu-u/group/topic-u-server.html 

=== Weekly Updates & Questions for the QA Team (psivaa) ===
The discussion about "Weekly Updates & Questions for the QA Team (psivaa)" started at 16:05.


=== Weekly Updates & Questions for the Kernel Team (smb, sforshee) ===
The discussion about "Weekly Updates & Questions for the Kernel Team (smb, sforshee)" started at 16:05.

  * ''LINK:'' https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/kernel-sru-announce/2014-July/thread.html 

=== Ubuntu Server Team Events ===
The discussion about "Ubuntu Server Team Events" started at 16:17.


=== Open Discussion ===
The discussion about "Open Discussion" started at 16:18.

  * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/docker.io/+bug/1338768 

=== Announce next meeting date, time and chair ===
The discussion about "Announce next meeting date, time and chair" started at 16:20.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * rbasak (51)
 * jamespage (34)
 * smoser (8)
 * bjf (7)
 * smb (4)
 * ubottu (3)
 * meetingology (3)
 * sforshee (2)
 * coreycb (1)
 * psivaa (1)
 * rharper (1)
 * gnuoy (1)
 * hallyn (1)
 * beisner (1)
 * kickinz1 (1)
 * matsubara (1)
 * zul (1)



== Full Log ==


 16:00 <rbasak> #startmeeting ubuntu-server-team

 16:00 <meetingology> Meeting started Tue Jul 29 16:00:15 2014 UTC.  The chair is rbasak. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:00 <meetingology> 

 16:00 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 16:00 <rbasak> Who's here?

 16:00 <gnuoy> o/

 16:00 <jamespage> o/

 16:00 <jamespage> I'm here!

 16:00 <rbasak> #topic Review ACTION points from previous meeting

 16:00 <jamespage> hey rbasak, gnuoy

 16:00 <rbasak> I see none.

 16:00 <rbasak> #topic U Development

 16:01 <rbasak> Any comments? Feature freeze is August 21. It will probably start creeping up on us now.

 16:01 <beisner> o/ hi

 16:01 <coreycb> o/

 16:02 <jamespage> debian import freeze is soonish as well

 16:02 <jamespage> rbasak, do you reckon

 16:02 <matsubara> o/

 16:02 <rbasak> We're working on getting all the important outstanding merges done. Usually by sprinting together on Fridays in #ubuntu-server. All welcome.

 16:02 <kickinz1> o/

 16:02 <jamespage> that we will make the switch to 5.6 this cycle?

 16:02 <jamespage> for mysql?

 16:02 <rbasak> Yeah Debian Import Freeze not long away now.

 16:02 <rbasak> I've been looking at mysql 5.6 today.

 16:02 <jamespage> awesome

 16:03 <rbasak> Any other comments?

 16:03 <rbasak> The mysql conversation is proceeding btw, but I think it less likely now that the /var/lib/mysql/ change will happen this cycle (if it happens at all, as it's still under debate)

 16:03 <rbasak> But we can land 5.6 in the same manner as 5.5 for now.

 16:03 <jamespage> ack

 16:03 <rbasak> #topic Server & Cloud Bugs (caribou)

 16:03 <jamespage> http://status.ubuntu.com/ubuntu-u/group/topic-u-server.html

 16:04 <jamespage> ^^ remember to keep your BP's updated with work-item progress and re-plan milestones as things slip (if required)

 16:04 <jamespage> rbasak, sorry - thats me done

 16:05 <rbasak> caribou doesn't appear to be here, so I guess we can skip that.

 16:05 <rbasak> Unless anybody has anything else they'd like to bring up on this topic?

 16:05 <jamespage> nope

 16:05 <rbasak> #topic Weekly Updates & Questions for the QA Team (psivaa)

 16:05 <rbasak> psivaa: any updates?

 16:05 <psivaa> nothing from our side rbasak

 16:05 <rbasak> I guess not.

 16:05 <rbasak> OK, thanks!

 16:05 <rbasak> #topic Weekly Updates & Questions for the Kernel Team (smb, sforshee)

 16:06 <smoser> o/

 16:06 <jamespage> I have something for this section if smb or sforshee don't have

 16:06 <rharper> o/

 16:06 <sforshee> I don't have any updates. smb doesn't seem to be present.

 16:06 <rbasak> jamespage: go ahead

 16:07 <jamespage> so... this is my bad as I dropped the ball that smb started a while back

 16:07 <jamespage> iscsitarget on 12.04 - dkms has been bust with HWE kernels

 16:07 <jamespage> there was general consensus that backporting 14.04 version was the right way to go and some good testing from a community user

 16:07 <jamespage> I've uploaded that for SRU team review today

 16:07 <jamespage> apologies - that took way to long

 16:08 <jamespage> bug 1262712

 16:08 <ubottu> bug 1262712 in iscsitarget (Ubuntu Precise) "[SRU] Backport iscsitarget 1.4.20.3+svn499 into Precise" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1262712

 16:08 <rbasak> Thanks jamespage - nice to see that being fixed

 16:08 <rbasak> I've also seen some discussion (eg. earlier today in #ubuntu-server) on https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/linux/+bug/1346917

 16:08 <ubottu> Ubuntu bug 1346917 in linux (Ubuntu Trusty) "Using KSM on NUMA capable machines can cause KVM guest performance and stability issues" [High,Fix committed]

 16:08 <rbasak> I know a fix is in the works for Trusty, but hasn't landed yet.

 16:09 <jamespage> that's a critical one and arges is doing a great job on driving that forwards

 16:09 <rbasak> I could find the kernel SRU cadence documented from the link in https://wiki.ubuntu.com/StableReleaseUpdates#Kernel

 16:09 <rbasak> Does anyone know what the schedule is currently, or better have a link to it?

 16:09 <jamespage> sforshee, ^^ ?

 16:10 <smoser> i always just load https://launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/linux

 16:10 <sforshee> I don't know where we are in the cadence for sure, I suggest asking bjf

 16:10 <bjf> jamespage, rbasak, i'm currently packaging up a kernel with that fix. should be uploaded today

 16:10 <bjf> jamespage, rbasak (very soon now)

 16:10 <rbasak> bjf: to trusty-proposed? That's great - thanks!

 16:10 <jamespage> bjf, thanks!

 16:10 <rbasak> bjf: though do you know where the normal cadence is documented? That's one thing I couldn't find and wanted to point people to.

 16:11 <bjf> rbasak, jamespage the plan is for it to hit -updates on Aug. 8. the day after 12.04.5

 16:11 <jamespage> great

 16:11 <jamespage> bjf, so it would be included in 12.04.5?

 16:11 <jamespage> sorry - being dumb...

 16:11 <rbasak> Sounds like it'll miss 12.04.5?

 16:11 <jamespage> 12.04.5 being the 3.13 HWE release right?

 16:11 <bjf> rbasak, the only way to know the dates for the next cadence is to be subscribed to kernel-sru-announce mailing list

 16:12 <bjf> jamespage, will not be in 12.04.5

 16:12 <jamespage> hmm

 16:12 <bjf> jamespage, that's why there will be an update the next day

 16:12 <jamespage> ok

 16:12 <rbasak> bjf: I can point them to https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/kernel-sru-announce/ I guess then - thanks!

 16:12 <smoser> https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/kernel-sru-announce/2014-July/thread.html

 16:12 <smoser> yeah, bjf. thanks for that.

 16:13 <smoser> bjf, could you, or someone on your team possibly update https://wiki.ubuntu.com/KernelTeam/KernelUpdates to point to that mailing list ?

 16:13 <smoser> i'd not seen that documented previously (but that coudl be user error)

 16:13 <rbasak> Meanwhile, any other kernel-related questions or comments?

 16:13 <bjf> smoser, since it's a wiki, you can do it :-)

 16:14 <rbasak> smb: o/

 16:14 <smb> Just about...

 16:14 <rbasak> smb: we're just about to finish the kernel topic. Did you have any comments?

 16:14 <smb> Just remembered

 16:15 <smb> I had nothing in particular. Just for zul and hallyn about the request for libvirt stuff back to Debian

 16:15 <smb> I would be interested to learn there if one of you does something (or help)

 16:16 <rbasak> I guess zul and hallyn have no comment right now. Thanks smb!

 16:17 <rbasak> #topic Ubuntu Server Team Events

 16:17 <rbasak> What's coming up?

 16:17 <zul> smb:  still reading the email

 16:17 <rbasak> Nothing that's not already been announced I guess.

 16:18 <rbasak> I mentioned before that the Canonical team have been sprinting to try and get merges done (including mentoring and sponsoring) on Fridays in #ubuntu-server.

 16:18 <rbasak> If others want to join us, please do.

 16:18 <rbasak> #topic Open Discussion

 16:18 <jamespage> o/

 16:19 <rbasak> Does anyone have anything else to bring up?

 16:19 <rbasak> jamespage: go!

 16:19 <jamespage> FYI there are plans to SRU docker 1.0.x to 14.04

 16:19 <jamespage> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/docker.io/+bug/1338768

 16:19 <ubottu> Ubuntu bug 1338768 in golang-pty-dev (Ubuntu Trusty) "[SRU] Update to 1.0.0 release" [High,New]

 16:19 <jamespage> referenced from that bug is a PPA with the currently proposed backport set to support this; I'm pending review from the SRU team

 16:20 <jamespage> if anyone wants to take it for a spin please do!

 16:20 <rbasak> Thanks jamespage!

 16:20 <rbasak> #topic Announce next meeting date, time and chair

 16:21 <rbasak> The next meeting will be on Wed Aug 5 17:00:00 UTC 2014

 16:21 <rbasak> Who'll be chairing? I'm not sure I follow the rota right now. Are we not moving it along any more?

 16:21 <rbasak> So is that gauhen, or smoser?

 16:21 <rbasak> Or the other way and hallyn?

 16:22 <hallyn> gaughen or smoser

 16:22 <smoser> yeah. it'd be me.

 16:22 <rbasak> OK - thanks. gaughen or smoser then.

 16:22 <smoser> i dont know how rbasak got put up there.

 16:22 <rbasak> Thanks all!

 16:22 <rbasak> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)