== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 10 Nov at 17:23 &mdash; 17:52 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2014/ubuntu-meeting.2014-11-10-17.23.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting 
=== Weekly stand-up report ===
The discussion about "Weekly stand-up report" started at 17:23.


=== Highlighted packages ===
The discussion about "Highlighted packages" started at 17:42.

  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/stunnel4.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/lib3ds.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/qmail.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/c-icap.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/smokeping.html 

=== Miscellaneous and Questions ===
The discussion about "Miscellaneous and Questions" started at 17:43.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * jdstrand (44)
 * tyhicks (20)
 * sbeattie (10)
 * mdeslaur (9)
 * chrisccoulson (6)
 * sarnold (4)
 * ubottu (3)
 * meetingology (3)



== Full Log ==


 17:23 <jdstrand> #startmeeting

 17:23 <meetingology> Meeting started Mon Nov 10 17:23:11 2014 UTC.  The chair is jdstrand. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 17:23 <meetingology> 

 17:23 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 17:23 <jdstrand> The meeting agenda can be found at:

 17:23 <jdstrand> [LINK] https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting

 17:23 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Weekly stand-up report

 17:23 <jdstrand> I'll go first

 17:23 <jdstrand> I got pretty side-tracked last week with unplanned things

 17:24 <jdstrand> so, I'd like to finish the click-apparmor 0.3 for vivid and finish apparmor-easyprof-ubuntu for vivid

 17:24 <jdstrand> I'd also like to finish my update for click-reviewers-tools changes

 17:25 <jdstrand> once again, adjusting UCT for derivative branches

 17:25 <jdstrand> and then pending updates

 17:25 <jdstrand> that includes the sponsored konversation and kde-workspace that should go out today

 17:25 <jdstrand> mdeslaur: you'r up

 17:25 <jdstrand> mdeslaur: nm

 17:25 <jdstrand> sbeattie: you're up

 17:26 <mdeslaur> oh, I'm here now

 17:26 * sbeattie pauses

 17:26 <mdeslaur> darn time zones

 17:26 <jdstrand> yes, my apologies

 17:26 <jdstrand> it is scheduled for ~ 1 hour ago

 17:26 <mdeslaur> I'm on triage this week

 17:26 <jdstrand> maybe next week...

 17:26 <mdeslaur> And have a few updates planned

 17:27 <mdeslaur> and an embargoed issue I need to look at

 17:27 <mdeslaur> and pending that, I'll be going down the list again

 17:27 <mdeslaur> that's it from me

 17:27 <mdeslaur> sbeattie: you're up

 17:28 <sbeattie> I'm working on the gcc pie-by-defaulton-x86-64 stuff; I have the patch applying cleanly again, and am currently hammering my laptop as it finishes building gcc locally.

 17:29 <sbeattie> Once that finishes, I'll start doing test builds of other packages against it.

 17:29 <sbeattie> I also need to do the usual apparmor stuff.

 17:30 <sbeattie> that's it for me; tyhicks?

 17:30 <tyhicks> I'm currently working a parser bug in trusty (LP: #1390592)

 17:30 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1390592 in linux (Ubuntu) "'ptrace peer=@{profile_name}' does not work on 14.04 (at least) with docker" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1390592

 17:31 <tyhicks> I've identified the bad patch and am in the process of testing a new package built with the correct upstream patch

 17:32 <tyhicks> after that, I need to revisit the dbus-daemon unrequested replies bug (LP: #1362469)

 17:32 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1362469 in dbus (Ubuntu) "AppArmor unrequested reply protection generates unallowable denials" [Medium,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1362469

 17:32 <jdstrand> tyhicks: oh, it was the parser after all. and this is something for trusty sru?

 17:32 <sbeattie> tyhicks: oh, hunh, we have a different patch in ubuntu to add @{profile_name} from upstream?

 17:32 <tyhicks> jdstrand: it is something for a trusty sru - does someone have one in progress?

 17:33 <tyhicks> (I know we were talking about SRUing the python utils fixes)

 17:33 <jdstrand> I think sbeattie and mdeslaur were working to prepare one

 17:33 * jdstrand isn't sure of the status

 17:33 <tyhicks> sbeattie: nope, the bad patch is one that attempted to fix and cleanup escape sequence handling

 17:33 <sbeattie> yeah, though I've mostly been doing prep work, I haven't got a tree in progress yep.

 17:33 <sbeattie> s/yep/yet/

 17:34 <sbeattie> oh, hrm.

 17:34 <tyhicks> sbeattie: ubuntu patch add-decimal-interp.patch should be replaced with upstream rev 2456

 17:34 <tyhicks> I have a bit more testing to do, though

 17:35 <tyhicks> re dbus-daemon unrequested replies bug> folks are thinking that the newer dbus might fix an issue that dbus-daemon is hitting in rtm

 17:36 <jdstrand> so, bug #1390592 is pretty important to fix

 17:36 <ubottu> bug 1390592 in apparmor (Ubuntu Trusty) "'ptrace peer=@{profile_name}' does not work on 14.04 (at least) with docker" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1390592

 17:37 <tyhicks> jdstrand: should we do an SRU just for it?

 17:37 <jdstrand> if we aren't planning to fix the python tools now, I think we should

 17:37 <tyhicks> ok

 17:37 <tyhicks> I should be able to prepare an SRU for that today

 17:37 <jdstrand> ok, thanks

 17:37 <tyhicks> np

 17:37 <sbeattie> okay, that's fine.

 17:38 <tyhicks> also, I'll continue work on turning the apparmor policy cache setup and loading code into a library

 17:38 <tyhicks> it has taken a little longer than expected but I finally feel like I'm making progress now

 17:39 <jdstrand> oh, I forgot-- I plan on finishing my upstream patch for docker so it can apply policy based on parser capabilities

 17:39 <tyhicks> (it is a little difficult to pull out the cache handling bits from the profile parser)

 17:39 <tyhicks> ok, that's it for me

 17:39 <tyhicks> chrisccoulson: I think it is your turn

 17:40 <tyhicks> skipping jjohansen and sarnold (time zone victims)

 17:40 <jdstrand> jj is off today

 17:40 <tyhicks> oh yes

 17:40 <chrisccoulson> this week, I'm hoping to finish off the header bar controls in oxide. I'm also going to be working on several bugs that affect single-process mode

 17:40 <chrisccoulson> I've just got chromium out (not for precise though)

 17:41 <chrisccoulson> and I've got one embargoed update to do

 17:41 <jdstrand> nice

 17:41 <chrisccoulson> I think that's me done

 17:41 <jdstrand> chrisccoulson: any news on precise?

 17:41 <mdeslaur> what's wrong with precise?

 17:41 <chrisccoulson> oh, and reviewing updates to the mediahub branch when they arrive

 17:42 <chrisccoulson> chad's still working on building a compiler that can actually build it

 17:42 <jdstrand> good stuff

 17:42 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Highlighted packages

 17:43 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/stunnel4.html

 17:43 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/lib3ds.html

 17:43 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/qmail.html

 17:43 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/c-icap.html

 17:43 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/smokeping.html

 17:43 <jdstrand> The Ubuntu Security team will highlight some community-supported packages that might be good candidates for updating and or triaging. If you would like to help Ubuntu and not sure where to start, this is a great way to do so.

 17:43 <jdstrand> See https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/UpdateProcedures for details and if you have any questions, feel free to ask in #ubuntu-security. To find out other ways of helping out, please see https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/GettingInvolved.

 17:43 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Miscellaneous and Questions

 17:43 <jdstrand> Does anyone have any other questions or items to discuss?

 17:47 <jdstrand> sarnold: hey, can you give a quick update?

 17:48 <sarnold> I'm on community this week; I have some outstanding apparmor patches to review, and I'd like to keep working on programming scopes and applications for the touch environment

 17:49 <sarnold> I found david planella's Ubuntu On Air video from last week really useful to understand the otherwise baffling ubuntu sdk environment, well worth watching that if you're new to it

 17:50 <sarnold> there's two more videos in the series, and even though they are ridiculously long, I found the first one worth watching, so I'll try the other two as well

 17:50 <sarnold> that's me; is it back to jdstrand or chrisccoulson?

 17:51 <jdstrand> me

 17:52 <jdstrand> but actually, that's it

 17:52 <jdstrand> sarnold: thanks :)

 17:52 <jdstrand> mdeslaur, sbeattie, tyhicks,chrisccoulson, sarnold: thanks!

 17:52 <jdstrand> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)