== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 24 Jul at 15:02 &mdash; 15:30 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2014/ubuntu-meeting.2014-07-24-15.02.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning round ===
The discussion about "Lightning round" started at 15:03.


=== AOB ===
The discussion about "AOB" started at 15:24.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * mvo_ (43)
 * slangasek (25)
 * xnox (20)
 * bhuey (17)
 * sil2100 (17)
 * cjwatson (14)
 * infinity (12)
 * jodh (11)
 * ubottu (8)
 * barry (5)
 * meetingology (3)



== Full Log ==


 15:02 <slangasek> #startmeeting

 15:02 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Jul 24 15:02:56 2014 UTC.  The chair is slangasek. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 15:02 <meetingology> 

 15:02 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 15:03 <slangasek> [TOPIC] Lightning round

 15:03 <slangasek> $ echo $(shuf -e barry doko stgraber jodh bdmurray slangasek cjwatson xnox caribou infinity mvo bhuey sil2100 robru)

 15:03 <slangasek> jodh cjwatson sil2100 doko caribou slangasek infinity bdmurray mvo barry bhuey stgraber xnox robru

 15:03 <jodh> * systemd: started to look at an issue where boot "works", but login not

 15:03 <jodh> possible (all getty's are disabled, lightdm not responsive).

 15:03 <jodh> * system images

 15:03 <jodh> - Reading up on seeds, germinate, etc.

 15:03 <jodh> - Working on cdimage with mvo.

 15:03 <jodh> * Raised bug 1345505 and found a way to recreate easily.

 15:03 <ubottu> bug 1345505 in unity (Ubuntu) "lock screen leaks keystrokes to window "behind" greeter" [High,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1345505

 15:03 <jodh> * misc

 15:04 <jodh> - Appraisal admin.

 15:04 <jodh> ت

 15:05 <slangasek> cjwatson: your turn :)

 15:05 <cjwatson> Much work on the RTM archive:

 15:05 <cjwatson> - Wrote derive-distribution script to do the initial batch copy.  Quite pleased with it; it can do a germinate run based on historical Packages/Sources files and seeds, and sanity-check the result against historical image manifests.

 15:05 <cjwatson> - Worked with William to do a dry-run branch on dogfood.

 15:05 <cjwatson> - Got image building working, after a few livecd-rootfs tweaks.

 15:05 <cjwatson> - Reviewed some of William's Launchpad branch stack to fix up overrides.

 15:05 <cjwatson> - Arranged to pass the distribution name to sbuild in order to make ddeb-retriever work more nicely.

 15:05 <cjwatson> - Working on getting proposed-migration up and running.

 15:05 <cjwatson> Another couple of landing team shifts, including assisting with the gcc-4.9 switch for C++11 projects.

 15:06 <cjwatson> Finished parted 3.1 transition in Ubuntu (now I think just awaiting a delayed NMU in Debian).  Seems to have been pleasingly uneventful so far, touch wood.

 15:06 <cjwatson> Performance reviews, argh.

 15:06 <cjwatson> ..

 15:06 <sil2100> o/

 15:06 <sil2100> - Temperatures too high, productivity down 50% (seriously!)

 15:06 <sil2100> - Landing team work, landing e-mails, landing coordination - standard stuff

 15:06 <sil2100> - Pushing upstreams for blocker fixes

 15:06 <xnox> jodh: systemd has a unit which blocks/unblock logins on boot. that must run if you want to have logins working.

 15:06 <sil2100> - Finished up the CI Train Issue tracker:

 15:06 <sil2100> * Working frontend and backend

 15:06 <sil2100> * Export for e-mail purposes functionality

 15:06 <sil2100> * Tweaked the look and feel, almost ready for public deployment

 15:06 <sil2100> - CI Train maintenance and features:

 15:06 <sil2100> * More work on enabling CI Train for non-ubuntu distributions (e.g. ubuntu-rtm)

 15:06 <sil2100> * Testing those changes on preproduction and dogfood

 15:06 <sil2100> * Reading up on python-jenkins

 15:07 <sil2100> * Implementation and pre-testing of the new auto-merge&clean

 15:07 <jodh> xnox: it's not that - it's looking like a cgroups issue.

 15:07 <sil2100> - Things look good, but had to move those back because of other work items

 15:07 <sil2100> - Inspecting choo choo strangeness happening

 15:07 <xnox> jodh: fun

 15:07 <sil2100> - Packaging related things, small packaging reviews for upstreams

 15:07 <sil2100> done

 15:07 <jodh> xnox: yeah

 15:09 <infinity> Is doko around?

 15:09 <infinity> No, wait.  He's not.

 15:10 <infinity> And I see no caribou either.

 15:11 <slangasek> * working on bug #1323732 in adduser for the phone, as well as additional pieces surrounding authentication on the phone

 15:11 <ubottu> bug 1323732 in adduser (Ubuntu) "adduser should support managing additional password/shadow/group files from libnss-extrausers" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1323732

 15:11 <slangasek> * working through the problems with crash submission on the phone; our successful retrace rate on armhf is currently about 50% of that for amd64, and getting better

 15:11 <slangasek> * performance reviews

 15:11 <slangasek> * helped finish working through g++-4.9 C++11 transitions

 15:11 <slangasek> * opening a new position on the Foundations team - send me good applicants :)

 15:11 <slangasek> (done)

 15:12 <infinity> * working with ah on util-linux in Debian

 15:12 <infinity> * sorting out reviews/merges/rejects for trusty installer changes

 15:12 <infinity> * working on 14.04.1, releasing today

 15:12 <infinity> ☭

 15:14 <slangasek> bdmurray is off today

 15:14 <slangasek> mvo

 15:14 <mvo_> ok

 15:14 <mvo_> apt:

 15:14 <mvo_> - Misc merges

 15:14 <mvo_> - Work on transactional update

 15:14 <mvo_> citrain:

 15:14 <mvo_> - Trainguard duty (2 days)

 15:14 <mvo_> click:

 15:14 <mvo_> - Bug triage

 15:14 <mvo_> - Create ppa:mvo/ubuntu-sdk-libs that makes

 15:14 <mvo_> apt-get install ubuntu-sdk-libs-dev:TARGET possible

 15:14 <mvo_> - Investigate bug #1346723, create qtcreator #1346783

 15:14 <mvo_> - Key rollover strategy

 15:14 <mvo_> - Lp:~mvo/click/lp1346723 (click chroot destroy umount magic)

 15:14 <mvo_> - Lp:~mvo/qtcreator-ubuntu-plugin/dialog-parents

 15:14 <mvo_> - Make gobject-introspection multi-arch by building with

 15:14 <mvo_> triplet libdir and providing static path as fallback

 15:14 <ubottu> bug 1346723 in qtcreator-plugin-ubuntu (Ubuntu) "Cannot delete my chroot." [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1346723

 15:14 <mvo_> - Send gobject-introspection multiarch patch to debian

 15:14 <cjwatson> sdk-libs-dev> I promise to look at that soon, that's awesome

 15:14 <mvo_> meta-release:

 15:14 <mvo_> - Update http://changelogs.ubuntu.com/EOLReleaseAnnouncement.html

 15:14 <mvo_> misc:

 15:14 <mvo_> - 360 review

 15:14 <mvo_> - Review/merge/upload squid-deb-proxy fix for ims hit

 15:14 <mvo_> - Work with caribou on re-adding InRelease support for precise

 15:15 <mvo_> sponsoring:

 15:15 <mvo_> - Bug #1335324

 15:15 <mvo_> system-image:

 15:15 <cjwatson> g-i> !  I think I love you

 15:15 <ubottu> bug 1335324 in wsmancli (Ubuntu) "Update wsmancli to 2.3.1 for Utopic" [Undecided,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1335324

 15:15 <mvo_> - work on ubuntu-core-next prototype, doesn't feel like I'm making

 15:15 <mvo_> real progress

 15:15 <mvo_> - Discussion with jodh, cjwatson

 15:15 <mvo_> - Work on getting a local instance going

 15:15 <mvo_> - lp:~mvo/launchpad-buildd/mvo

 15:15 <mvo_> - lp:~mvo/ubuntu-archive-tools/no-sys-exit

 15:15 <mvo_> - lp:~mvo/ubuntu-cdimage/mvo

 15:15 <mvo_> - lp:~mvo/ubuntu-cdimage/system-image

 15:15 <mvo_> unattended-upgrades:

 15:15 <mvo_> - Debug/fix problem for sources from pin priority < 100 (but > 0)

 15:15 <mvo_> update-manager:

 15:15 <mvo_> - Debug/fix/sru #1348067

 15:15 <mvo_> - Investigate #1348067

 15:15 <mvo_> (done)

 15:15 <mvo_> cjwatson: thanks a bunch, its mostly a matter of filing bugs at this point I think

 15:15 <mvo_> cjwatson: haha, thanks. I gave you a lot of pain with all my mis-guided ubuntu-cdimage work :P

 15:15 <cjwatson> let's see what Debian make of it; the sourceful transitions will be interesting

 15:15 <barry> phone: system-image 2.3 and 2.3.1 boarding the citrain.  lots of testing.  LP: #1321481.  lots of investigation of LP: #1341685 - now in mandel's hands (s-i 2.3 has semi-useful a workaround).  LP: #1347745.  will send a general "call for testing" today.

 15:16 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1321481 in system-image (Ubuntu) "run integration tests from autopkgtest" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1321481

 15:16 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1341685 in ubuntu-download-manager "When unconstrained, udm sometimes downloads files to wrong location" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1341685

 15:16 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1347745 in Ubuntu App Developer site "Installation docs should mention encrypted android device workaround" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1347745

 15:16 <barry> debuntu: more zope stack work trying to clear -proposed.  zope.security 4.0.1-1ubuntu2 is still "out of date" on update_excuses, but that's the last one.  todo: gunicorn (for the blueprint).

 15:16 <barry> other: helped out with LP: #1328600

 15:16 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1328600 in Ubuntu UI Toolkit "Autopilot lacks support for large timestamps" [Critical,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1328600

 15:16 <barry> ^D

 15:16 <xnox> is everyone off, and it's my turn?

 15:16 * bhuey waits

 15:17 <bhuey> I'll go

 15:17 <bhuey> Last week

 15:17 <bhuey> -Integrated all of the security Oracle patches, added a bunch of non-security related patches

 15:17 <bhuey> -learned how to use quilt and refreshed a bunch of patches

 15:17 <bhuey> -automated much of that patch integration process using some ruby scripts

 15:17 <bhuey> -changed debian/rules to apply each patch individually at build time

 15:17 <bhuey> This week

 15:17 <bhuey> -uploaded 7u55-2.4.7 to my ppa for trusty and utopic, lp:~bill-huey/openjdk/trusty-sec-update-june-2014

 15:17 <bhuey> -worked with trying to figure out if there's a problem with the build environment since source builds were failing under i386, including trying this a bunch of time on my local machine

 15:17 <bhuey> -started creating the TCK environment on my local machine

 15:17 <bhuey> -reading Jean-Baptise's documents on TCK configuration

 15:17 <bhuey> -writing scripts to automate extraction of Java test results done at build time

 15:17 <bhuey> ...

 15:17 <bhuey> done

 15:18 <infinity> xnox: It's you now. :P

 15:18 <xnox> =)

 15:19 <xnox> * upstart sru for .1

 15:19 <xnox> * enable upstart/cgroups in utopic

 15:19 <xnox> * fix usb-creator bugs (some fixed, some in progress)

 15:19 <xnox> * working with smoser on systemd/cloud-init enablements

 15:19 <xnox> * helping out sorting through iso-testing reports

 15:19 <xnox> * spend half of monday talking to pretty much everyone in EU and more

 15:19 <xnox> ..

 15:19 <xnox> * UE

 15:19 <xnox> that is.

 15:19 <infinity> That's a much smaller set of people.

 15:19 <slangasek> xnox: upstart/cgroups - is that enabled now?

 15:20 <xnox> slangasek: in utopic-proposed yes. let me check if it's in release already

 15:21 <slangasek> xnox: great :)

 15:21 <xnox> slangasek: apperantely that refressed systemd-shim and upstart auto package tests =)

 15:21 <xnox> *regressed

 15:21 <slangasek> hmm, ok

 15:21 <xnox> so not in release pocket, yet. will investigate.

 15:22 <slangasek> and robru is conferencing today, so also not here

 15:22 <slangasek> so that's everyone

 15:23 <slangasek> and I don't think we have a volunteer today for a deeper dive

 15:24 <slangasek> so

 15:24 <slangasek> [TOPIC] AOB

 15:24 <slangasek> anything else? :)

 15:24 <infinity> Someone needs to bake a cake for xnox.

 15:24 <bhuey> or spank him

 15:24 <xnox> *blush*

 15:25 * mvo_ hands xnox a cup of tea

 15:26 <bhuey> congrads again xnox, I'l miss you

 15:26 <slangasek> yeah, what are we doing about a cake?

 15:26 <infinity> We need to have one baked in China, shipped to London, sliced, and then FedExed to each of us.

 15:27 <slangasek> infinity: DHL, you insensitive clod

 15:27 <infinity> Anywhere FedEx doesn't deliver isn't worth sending cake to.

 15:28 <xnox> infinity: well, your piece will come via Royal Mail, it may get there delayed by a month or tow

 15:28 <xnox> *two

 15:28 <barry> remind me to tell you about the time my cousin us mailed someone a fish

 15:30 <slangasek> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)