== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 20 Nov at 16:00 &mdash; 16:14 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2014/ubuntu-meeting.2014-11-20-16.00.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightening round ===
The discussion about "Lightening round" started at 16:01.


=== AOB ===
The discussion about "AOB" started at 16:13.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * barry (28)
 * sil2100 (19)
 * bdmurray (14)
 * ubottu (13)
 * cjwatson (12)
 * jodh (11)
 * robru (11)
 * doko (9)
 * caribou (6)
 * meetingology (3)
 * mvo (3)
 * Ursinha (1)
 * stgraber (1)



== Full Log ==


 16:00 <barry> #startmeeting

 16:00 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Nov 20 16:00:51 2014 UTC.  The chair is barry. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:00 <meetingology> 

 16:00 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 16:00 <jodh> o/

 16:00 <cjwatson> hi

 16:01 <bdmurray> \o

 16:01 <caribou> o/

 16:01 <mvo> hi

 16:01 <sil2100> \o

 16:01 <barry> #topic Lightening round

 16:02 <barry> Lightning even

 16:02 <barry> echo $(shuf -e barry bdmurray cjwatson doko slagasek jodh stgraber infinity sil2100 robru mvo caribou)

 16:02 <barry> caribou slagasek stgraber doko sil2100 cjwatson mvo jodh bdmurray infinity barry robru

 16:02 * barry hopes he didn't miss anyone

 16:02 <caribou> Yay, I get to start :)

 16:02 <sil2100> You won!

 16:02 <caribou> * Backport of tcpdump from Trusty to Precise into precise-backports

 16:02 <caribou> * sosreport : - Eliminate delta with debian - Sync with debian

 16:02 <caribou> * Completed makedumpfile/kdump-tools test environment

 16:02 <caribou> (done)

 16:02 <barry> we didn't have a meeting last week so feel free to report on one or two weeks

 16:03 <stgraber> barry: skip me, busy at the sprint

 16:03 <barry> stgraber: ack

 16:04 <barry> skipping slangasek too

 16:04 <sil2100> I think slangasek won't be around as well, so doko? :)

 16:04 <barry> so... doko

 16:06 <barry> doko: ?

 16:06 <barry> going once... going twice...

 16:06 <sil2100> ;)

 16:06 <barry> sil2100: go for it

 16:06 <sil2100> o/

 16:06 <sil2100> - Holidays last week, shorter work-week \o/

 16:06 <sil2100> - Landing team work, preparing landing e-mails

 16:06 <sil2100> - CI Train maintenance:

 16:06 <sil2100> * Fixing the multiple bug-number bug in ci-train

 16:06 <sil2100> - Improvements to the Issue Tracker:

 16:06 <sil2100> * Displaying the status of all projects related to the bug

 16:06 <sil2100> * Splitting the blocker bugs to ubuntu and ubuntu-rtm categories

 16:06 <sil2100> * More work on including the smoketesting results in the landing-email outputter

 16:07 <sil2100> - Bringing the LandingTeam documentation back up-to-date

 16:07 <sil2100> - RTM readiness meetings

 16:07 <sil2100> - Coordinating top-blocker fixes landings for the 20/21st Nov milestone

 16:07 <doko> sorry, will go at the end

 16:07 <sil2100> - Writing announcement e-mails

 16:07 <sil2100> - Half sick day on the 19th of November

 16:07 <sil2100> (done, not much of an update though)

 16:07 <cjwatson> Lots of merges.  Merges merges merges.

 16:07 <cjwatson> Trying to eliminate Ruby 2.0 from vivid.  Nine reverse-dependencies left.

 16:07 <cjwatson> Helped out with some odds and ends of a Click-related project.

 16:07 <cjwatson> Transition planning:

 16:07 <cjwatson> - Converted auto-sync to log to web-accessible files rather than to my inbox, so that that process no longer relies on me.

 16:07 <cjwatson> - Arranged to remove myself from cron mail notifications for everything run by ubuntu-archive@snakefruit.

 16:07 <cjwatson> Launchpad:

 16:07 <cjwatson> - Got ppa.launchpad.net reconfigured to serve symlinks from PPAs, so that /dists/devel/ works.

 16:07 <cjwatson> - Removed irrelevant options from populate-archive (bug 1368096).

 16:07 <ubottu> bug 1368096 in Launchpad itself "populate-archive ignores --suite argument" [Low,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1368096

 16:07 <cjwatson> - Working on allowing sprints to be designated as virtual (bug 1391281).

 16:07 <ubottu> bug 1391281 in Launchpad itself "Support UDS (UOS) virtual format for sprint attendance" [Low,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1391281

 16:07 <cjwatson> ..

 16:07 <mvo> did: spend *long* week on internal project (gtimelog list is long and boring for this audience)

 16:07 <mvo> ...

 16:08 <jodh> * upstart

 16:08 <jodh> - Fixed FTBFS issue relating to tests calling packaged rather than

 16:08 <jodh> generated libtool.

 16:08 <jodh> * click:

 16:08 <jodh> - Worked a bit on enriching manifest data and adding tests.

 16:08 <jodh> * system-image

 16:08 <jodh> - Design work.

 16:08 <jodh> - Documentation.

 16:08 <jodh> - Working on expanding scope of upgrader's abilities.

 16:08 <jodh> ゑ

 16:08 <bdmurray> worked with webops regarding amqp failues (queue down to 0, not accepting core files or retracing anything) (LP: #1394365)

 16:08 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1394365 in Daisy "failure to communicate with core storage can result in draining of retracing queue" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1394365

 16:08 <bdmurray> added lucid, maverick to EoL releases for daisy/submit.py just in case

 16:08 <bdmurray> implemented OOPS creation in the retracer.py code so OOPSes will go to oops.canonical.com for them

 16:09 <bdmurray> submitted RTs to have staging and production versions of daisy updated

 16:09 <bdmurray> investigation into retracing failures

 16:09 <bdmurray> r581 daisy/retracer.py: do not consider all reports with RetraceOutdatedPackages in them as failures, rather make sure that the retraced report has a Stacktrace before considering it a success.

 16:09 <bdmurray> wrote a script to find missing ddebs for 15.04 parsing retracer log files

 16:09 <bdmurray> worked with pjdc to test a scaling stack retracer

 16:09 <bdmurray> reported whoopsie bug 1390627 and added in details

 16:09 <bdmurray> uploaded libproxy, libnih, google-glog, gflags, avahi, unity-gtk-module, lcms2, mir, libsecret, mtdev, nettle, libasyncns, accountsservice, network-manager-applet, gnome-bluetooth, heimdal, process-cpp, net-cpp to get ddebs for 15.04

 16:09 <ubottu> bug 1390627 in whoopsie (Ubuntu) "tabs being replaced by question marks in report values" [Medium,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1390627

 16:09 <bdmurray> uploaded dkms hook that adds the package version to the package key fixing empty package version information in the Error Tracker

 16:09 <bdmurray> UE - IS sync up call

 16:09 <bdmurray> ✔ done

 16:09 <barry> no infinity i think

 16:10 <barry> system-image: LP: #1390205; smoketests.  internal project.  LP: #1373467.  testing udm fixes.

 16:10 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1390205 in ubuntu-download-manager "udm falls over on the switch from wifi to 3g meaning ota are stuck and the system can't recover till reboot" [Critical,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1390205

 16:10 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1373467 in Ubuntu system image "Support config.d directory" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1373467

 16:10 <barry> debuntu: python3-genshi; debian bug #768286 (zope-interface puiparts); debian bug #769449 (ensurepip - ongoing); reviewed debian bug #769106; debian bug #752467; debian bug #770173

 16:10 <ubottu> Debian bug 768286 in python3-zope.interface-dbg,python-zope.interface-dbg "python{, 3}-zope.interface-dbg: unhandled symlink to directory conversion: /usr/share/doc/PACKAGE" [Serious,Fixed] http://bugs.debian.org/768286

 16:10 <ubottu> Debian bug 769449 in src:python3.4 "using ensurepip installs wheels in /usr/lib/python-wheels" [Normal,Open] http://bugs.debian.org/769449

 16:10 <ubottu> Debian bug 769106 in src:python-defaults "python2.7-minimal: fails to upgrade from 'wheezy': python or pycompile not found in public_modules.rtinstall hook." [Serious,Open] http://bugs.debian.org/769106

 16:10 <ubottu> Debian bug 752467 in python-virtualenv "python-virtualenv: no command "virtualenv"" [Important,Open] http://bugs.debian.org/752467

 16:10 <ubottu> Debian bug 770173 in src:requests "please enable running the tests" [Normal,Fixed] http://bugs.debian.org/770173

 16:10 <barry> other: python bug 22807 (uuid1 not using uuid_generate_time_safe); pybootchartgui fix; update more machines to vivid (adjusting desktop init & emacs configs); LP: #678421 (lightdm sh syntax error handling); UOS

 16:10 <ubottu> bug 15442 in gnome-panel (Ubuntu) "duplicate for #22807 panels change their position between logins" [Low,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/15442

 16:10 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 678421 in lightdm (Ubuntu Trusty) "Error message for a faulty ~/.profile script" [Low,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/678421

 16:10 <barry> done.

 16:10 <robru> one sec

 16:11 <robru> * CI Train overhaul

 16:11 <robru> - Wrote all new watch_ppa capable of scanning multiple series per silo

 16:11 <robru> - worked with Ursinha on a bringup of a new deployment, fixing lots of bitrotted parts of the charm

 16:11 <robru> - Good cleanup in the testsuite, moved lots of redundantly copy&pasted logic into a single cohesive superclass for all TestCase subclasses

 16:11 <robru> - Implemented 'DotProject' class to manage .project files, consolidating redundant logic from 8 different places across 5 different files into a single coherent place.

 16:11 <robru> - Wrote a wrapper for os.path.join() which raises an exception if you accidentally pass in too many absolute paths, protecting us against an entire class of bugs

 16:11 <robru> - Inlined a number of redundant, single-use functions into one coherent function.

 16:11 <robru> - Completed enough of the relative->absolute path transition that I was able to drop all calls to os.chdir() from the build job.

 16:11 <robru> * various landings, landings, landings.

 16:11 <robru> (done)

 16:12 <Ursinha> citrain shiny staging on its way

 16:12 <barry> doko: last chance!

 16:12 <barry> does anybody have any questions or comments on folks status?

 16:13 <doko> - gdb merge, SRU and bug triage

 16:13 <doko> - trying to get GCC 5 built on all architectures ...

 16:13 <doko> - preparing for python 2.7.9

 16:13 <doko> - installed my laptop with the disk encrypted (an odyssee ...)

 16:13 <doko> - needed a replacement disk for my server at home, raid5 working again

 16:13 <doko> (done)

 16:13 <barry> #topic AOB

 16:13 <doko> ohh, and getting a lot annoyed about python-pip ...

 16:13 <barry> doko: "getting"? :)

 16:14 <doko> even more ...

 16:14 <barry> does anybody have anything else today?

 16:14 <barry> 3...

 16:14 <barry> 2...

 16:14 <barry> 1...

 16:14 <barry> good, let's keep this short and sweet

 16:14 <barry> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)