== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 03 Nov at 20:22 &mdash; 20:53 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2014/ubuntu-meeting.2014-11-03-20.22.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting 
=== Announcements ===
The discussion about "Announcements" started at 20:23.


=== Weekly stand-up report ===
The discussion about "Weekly stand-up report" started at 20:23.


=== Highlighted packages ===
The discussion about "Highlighted packages" started at 20:49.

  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/sup-mail.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/openvswitch.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/isync.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/pdns.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/ganeti.html 

=== Miscellaneous and Questions ===
The discussion about "Miscellaneous and Questions" started at 20:49.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * jdstrand (39)
 * sarnold (10)
 * jjohansen (10)
 * tyhicks (8)
 * mdeslaur (6)
 * sbeattie (6)
 * meetingology (3)
 * ubottu (2)



== Full Log ==


 20:22 <jdstrand> #startmeeting

 20:22 <meetingology> Meeting started Mon Nov  3 20:22:53 2014 UTC.  The chair is jdstrand. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 20:22 <meetingology> 

 20:22 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 20:23 <jdstrand> first off, sorry the meeting is a bit late today

 20:23 <jdstrand> The meeting agenda can be found at:

 20:23 <jdstrand> [LINK] https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting

 20:23 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Announcements

 20:23 <jdstrand> Thanks Gianfranco Costamagna (LocutusOfBorg) for providing debdiffs for precise and trusty for drupal7 (LP: #1381969). Your work is very much appreciated and will keep Ubuntu users secure. Great job! :)

 20:23 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1381969 in drupal7 (Ubuntu) "CVE-2014-3704" [Undecided,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1381969

 20:23 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Weekly stand-up report

 20:24 <jdstrand> I'll go first

 20:24 <jdstrand> I'm on community this week

 20:24 <jdstrand> I've got some updates I need to get to

 20:24 <jdstrand> I'm hoping this is the week that I adjust UCT for derivative branches

 20:25 <jdstrand> I have a small update to click-reviewers-tools

 20:25 <jdstrand> and then finish up some apparmor work

 20:25 <jdstrand> specifically, finish up some apparmor-easyprof-ubuntu updates for vivid and finish up click-apparmor 0.3 upload for vivid

 20:25 <jdstrand> mdeslaur: you're up

 20:25 <mdeslaur> I'm in the happy place this week

 20:25 <mdeslaur> I've been busy backporting the ruby security fixes to the zillion versions we support

 20:26 <mdeslaur> they should be going out this week

 20:26 <mdeslaur> after that, there's a bunch of new CVEs I have to look at

 20:26 <mdeslaur> and that's a bout it

 20:26 <mdeslaur> sbeattie: you're up

 20:27 <sbeattie> I am resurrecting my pie-by-default-on-amd64 compiler patch (it doesn't apply to the current gcc-4.9 in utopic/vivid)

 20:28 <sbeattie> I need to review the apparmor utils open bugs and commit to hand off to mdeslaur for a trusty apparmor SRU.

 20:28 <sbeattie> I have some other apparmor tasks on my plate, and I need to sync up with jjohansen and tyhicks for any priority work they have for me.

 20:29 <sbeattie> that's pretty much it for me.

 20:29 <sbeattie> tyhicks: tag.

 20:30 <tyhicks> I'm working on making the apparmor policy cache setup code and the binary policy loading code into a standalone form that can be moved into libapparmor

 20:30 <tyhicks> I'm building on top of some patches that jj gave to me a while back

 20:30 <tyhicks> I'm done with the binary policy loading code

 20:30 <tyhicks> working on the cache setup code now

 20:30 <tyhicks> I also want to review the proposed kdbus lsm hooks

 20:31 <tyhicks> and I need to prepare and send a pull request for a couple ecryptfs kernel fixes

 20:31 <tyhicks> that's it for me

 20:31 <tyhicks> jjohansen: you're up

 20:32 <jjohansen> I have a little more to do with the recent kvm CVEs

 20:33 <jjohansen> I have some patches for apparmor I need to push to the kt, and another set to go upstream

 20:33 <jjohansen> I need to get back to working on the stacking patches, and cleanup the whole dev mess so it can get pushed upstream

 20:34 <jjohansen> and I need to look at the LSM stacking patches wrt apparmor

 20:35 <jdstrand> dev mess?

 20:35 <jjohansen> after that next year I'll start ^W^W^W^W^W sarnold your up

 20:35 <sarnold> hehe

 20:35 <jjohansen> jdstrand: collapse the dev tree patch on top of patch into a reasonable set that can be reviewed and pushed up stream

 20:36 <jdstrand> ok. I'll call that 'patch cleanup in preparation for review' :)

 20:36 <jjohansen> as it stands now, you have a patch with bugs, and then those bugs get addressed by patches later in the series etc, very hard to review something like that

 20:36 <jjohansen> yep

 20:37 * jdstrand nods

 20:37 <sarnold> it does somewhat deflate the victory of finding a bug, "AHA! I've found a mistake!" ... "oh. john already fixed it."

 20:40 <jdstrand> sarnold: I think you're up

 20:40 <sarnold> I'm on triage this week; I still have to polish and post my notes from linux plumbers conference; I'd really like to get a modern phone image installed and start writing applications for it -- I'm starting to feel a bit left behind there, and want to make sure I don't miss it entirely

 20:41 <sarnold> but my week is relatively unscheduled, so I can do apparmor patch reviews or cve fixes if needed

 20:41 <sarnold> oh to be near the start of a cycle and not knee-deep in over-late MIRs :)

 20:41 <jdstrand> seriously

 20:41 <jdstrand> :)

 20:41 <jjohansen> sarnold: we can fix that

 20:42 <jjohansen> :)

 20:42 * sbeattie gleefully awaits sarnold's cve-triage phone app.

 20:42 <sarnold> jjohansen: haha

 20:42 <sarnold> sbeattie: oh my

 20:42 <sarnold> (actually, a cve scope seems like a useful starting point..)

 20:42 * jdstrand was thinking about a USN scope

 20:42 <jdstrand> a cve scope would be cool too

 20:43 <sarnold> .. something to search our uct, usn, debian's database, etc... maybe little scopes for each and then an aggregation scope for all of it? dunno...)

 20:43 * jdstrand notes chris is eod and will report for him

 20:45 <jdstrand> sarnold: did you have more to report?

 20:47 <sarnold> jdstrand: no

 20:48 <jdstrand> ok, chris is working on bug #1370366 primarily

 20:48 <ubottu> bug 1370366 in Oxide "Add an API to better manage the top-header" [Medium,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1370366

 20:48 <jdstrand> and a bunch of reviews. there might be some 1.3 backporting to 1.2 to do for rtm, but this discussion is ongoing

 20:49 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Highlighted packages

 20:49 <jdstrand> The Ubuntu Security team will highlight some community-supported packages that might be good candidates for updating and or triaging. If you would like to help Ubuntu and not sure where to start, this is a great way to do so.

 20:49 <jdstrand> See https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/UpdateProcedures for details and if you have any questions, feel free to ask in #ubuntu-security. To find out other ways of helping out, please see https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/GettingInvolved.

 20:49 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/sup-mail.html

 20:49 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/openvswitch.html

 20:49 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/isync.html

 20:49 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/pdns.html

 20:49 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/ganeti.html

 20:49 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Miscellaneous and Questions

 20:49 <jdstrand> Does anyone have any other questions or items to discuss?

 20:53 <jdstrand> mdeslaur, sbeattie, tyhicks, jjohansen, sarnold: thanks!

 20:53 <jdstrand> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)