== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 01 May at 15:04 &mdash; 15:43 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2014/ubuntu-meeting.2014-05-01-15.04.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== lightning round ===
The discussion about "lightning round" started at 15:04.


=== targeted bugs ===
The discussion about "targeted bugs" started at 15:25.

  * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-t-tracking-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs 

=== Malta ===
The discussion about "Malta" started at 15:30.


=== AOB ===
The discussion about "AOB" started at 15:36.

  * ''LINK:'' https://wiki.debian.org/DebianInstaller/Loader 



== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * slangasek (39)
 * cjwatson (38)
 * xnox (36)
 * stgraber (31)
 * bdmurray (30)
 * ubottu (23)
 * jodh (9)
 * barry (6)
 * meetingology (4)



== Full Log ==


 15:04 <cjwatson> #startmeeting

 15:04 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu May  1 15:04:04 2014 UTC.  The chair is cjwatson. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 15:04 <meetingology> 

 15:04 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 15:04 <cjwatson> #topic lightning round

 15:04 <cjwatson> $ echo $(shuf -e barry doko stgraber jodh bdmurray slangasek cjwatson xnox caribou infinity mvo)

 15:04 <cjwatson> jodh barry bdmurray caribou cjwatson mvo infinity doko slangasek xnox stgraber

 15:04 <jodh> * foundations-1305-upstart-work-items:

 15:04 <jodh> - cgroup support: Reworking async test suite.

 15:04 <jodh> * misc:

 15:04 <jodh> - Raised MP for libnih test fix:

 15:04 <jodh> https://code.launchpad.net/~jamesodhunt/ubuntu/trusty/libnih/fix-test-output-crash/+merge/217199

 15:04 <jodh> ὅ

 15:05 * slangasek waves

 15:05 <slangasek> sorry I'm late

 15:05 <barry> ubuntu/debian: LP: #1308714, LP: #1290847, debian bug 743620, debian bug 741832, pytest 2.5.2-1, reviewed and sponsored pyotherside for zyga.  still have work to do on fixing ensurepip for python 3.4

 15:05 <cjwatson> aha.  feel free to take over insofar as meetingology will let you :)

 15:05 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1308714 in python-pip (Ubuntu Utopic) "sudo pip install installs into the system dist-packages by default" [Critical,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1308714

 15:05 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1290847 in python3.4 (Ubuntu) "pyvenv fails due to mising ensurepip module" [Undecided,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1290847

 15:05 <ubottu> Debian bug 743620 in python-enum34 "python-enum34: broken symlink: /usr/share/doc/enum/rst -> html/_sources" [Minor,Fixed] http://bugs.debian.org/743620

 15:05 <ubottu> Debian bug 741832 in src:flufl.i18n "flufl.i18n: FTBFS: error: /«PKGBUILDDIR»/.pybuild/pythonX.Y_2.7/build/flufl/i18n/README.rst: No such file or directory" [Serious,Fixed] http://bugs.debian.org/741832

 15:05 <barry> phone: LP: #1313822, LP: #1313930, autopilot py3-only, autopilot-legacy (py2), porting ap tests to py3: address-book-app, gallery-app, friends-app.  reviewed notes-app.

 15:05 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1313822 in autopilot (Ubuntu) "Split source package into autopilot and autopilot-legacy" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1313822

 15:05 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1313930 in camera-app "Port camera-app autopilot tests to Python 3" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1313930

 15:05 <barry> done

 15:05 <cjwatson> #chair slangasek

 15:05 <meetingology> Current chairs: cjwatson slangasek

 15:05 <cjwatson> there

 15:05 <slangasek> :)

 15:06 <slangasek> all these fancy meetbot commands

 15:06 <bdmurray> this covers about two weeks although I was on holiday for a couple of days last week

 15:06 <bdmurray> fixed daisy oops with python-distro-info being outdated

 15:06 <bdmurray> reported, tested, and fixed daisy bug 1310809

 15:06 <bdmurray> research into indicator sound failures to retrace

 15:06 <bdmurray> research into bug 1298683 regarding daisy causing swift tracebacks

 15:06 <bdmurray> submitted RT #69861 regarding increasing swift's client_timeout

 15:07 <ubottu> bug 1310809 in Daisy "apport transient errors cause retracers to hang" [Critical,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1310809

 15:07 <bdmurray> updated daisy-retracer cron job for user counting with Ubuntu 14.10 and Ubuntu 14.04

 15:07 <ubottu> bug 1298683 in Daisy "daisy is causing swift tracebacks" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1298683

 15:07 <bdmurray> pushed errors changes for Ubuntu 14.0 and added milestones for 14.04.1 and 12.04.5

 15:07 <bdmurray> updated assets.ubuntu.com for errors

 15:07 <bdmurray> updated retracer config files fixing some issues

 15:07 <bdmurray> investigation into iwfldump crashes for seth forshee, evan

 15:07 <bdmurray> worked on a script to remove data from the OOPS CF in cassandra to save space

 15:07 <bdmurray> sru verification of bug 1069019, 1310851, 1172740

 15:07 <bdmurray> uploads of distro-info-data for stable releases with the new release - utopic

 15:07 <ubottu> bug 1069019 in software-properties (Ubuntu Saucy) "[software-properties-gtk] can not delete, enable or modify any software source with non-ASCII characters in the comment" [Medium,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1069019

 15:07 <ubottu> bug 1310851 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu Trusty) "Failed to fetch window does not appear" [High,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1310851

 15:07 <ubottu> bug 1172740 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu) "Quantal->Raring: UnicodeDecodeError: in NotEnoughFreeSpaceError" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1172740

 15:07 <bdmurray> uploaded Saucy SRU for bug 1203919

 15:07 <ubottu> bug 1203919 in update-manager (Ubuntu Saucy) "update-manager crashed with SystemExit in exit(): 0" [High,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1203919

 15:07 <bdmurray> updated meta-release file for trusty, and with utopic

 15:07 <bdmurray> bug triage of ubuntu-release-upgrader, update-manager bug reports

 15:07 <bdmurray> updated bugbot to mark duplicates of upgrade issues due to cinnamon (LP: #1279762)

 15:07 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1279762 in cinnamon (Ubuntu) "upgrade to 14.04 from 13.10 failed - cinnamon fails to upgrade" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1279762

 15:07 <bdmurray> uploaded a saucy fix for ubuntu-release-upgrader bug 1310851 aka bug 1241660

 15:07 <ubottu> bug 1241660 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu) "DistUpgradeFetcherCore error messages not displayed" [Medium,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1241660

 15:07 <bdmurray> submitted mp for ubuntu-archive-tools to quote package version in rate of crashes email

 15:07 <bdmurray> ubiquity bug triage (verifying whether or not media identifies correctly)

 15:07 <bdmurray> overrode increased crash rate for sflphone (package conflicts with a ppa version)

 15:07 <bdmurray> pinged mvo about software-properties regression found by the phased updater

 15:07 <bdmurray> ✔ done

 15:08 <cjwatson> I see no caribou here, so

 15:08 <cjwatson> Some more bits and pieces of utopic setup, including getting image builds going.

 15:08 <cjwatson> livefs in LP:

 15:08 <cjwatson> - https://code.launchpad.net/~cjwatson/launchpad/db-livefs/+merge/217206 ready for (re-)review.

 15:08 <cjwatson> - https://code.launchpad.net/~cjwatson/launchpad/livefs/+merge/217261 (main body of change) finished off and ready for review.

 15:09 <cjwatson> - https://code.launchpad.net/~cjwatson/launchpad/livefs-garbo/+merge/217784 (GC to avoid unbounded librarian growth) done and ready for review.  Discussed implications for cdimage with Adam.

 15:09 <cjwatson> - Working on browser code (i.e. a basic web UI; not intending to do anything fancy, just enough).

 15:09 <cjwatson> - Acquiring significant headache potential from Zope, which is only saved from being a more voluminous error message generator than C++ by the fact that you have to write vast quantities of XML first.

 15:09 <cjwatson> - I think I have about another day or two of straight LP development, then it's reviews/QA/deployment (but hopefully that should parallelise a bit better with other things) and the cdimage work.

 15:09 <cjwatson> Backported a couple of GRUB network stack fixes (bug 1314134).

 15:09 <ubottu> bug 1314134 in grub2 (Ubuntu Trusty) "network stack never yields control on busy networks" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1314134

 15:09 <cjwatson> Write-up of click escalations passed to Michael.

 15:09 <cjwatson> A bunch of syncs, merges, transitions and suchlike.

 15:09 <cjwatson> Helped to trial a new OpenVPN setup for LaMont.

 15:09 <cjwatson> ..

 15:10 <xnox> mvo infinity doko -> excused themself. Should their reports be pasted in?

 15:11 <slangasek> if you wish, but I assume everyone can see it in their mail and they're not available for cross-examination anyway :)

 15:11 <slangasek> * continue to make forward progress on the java role

 15:11 <slangasek> * discussions around go support

 15:11 <slangasek> * archive merges

 15:11 <slangasek> * beginning to prepare for Malta

 15:11 <slangasek> (done)

 15:12 <xnox> * SRU work:

 15:12 <xnox> - Sent patch to cjwatson for bug #1275162, cking revived his

 15:12 <xnox> hardware, will test once in utopic

 15:12 <xnox> - Crafted upstart job for gnome-keyring for bug #1271591 -

 15:12 <xnox> gpg/ssh/secrets/gnome-keyring agents should now be available in

 15:12 <xnox> upstart user-sessions. Once dust settles, will SRU into trusty

 15:12 <ubottu> bug 1275162 in grub2 (Ubuntu) "incorrect efibootmgr command is set by update-grub under OVMF" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1275162

 15:12 <xnox> - Figured out that to solve bug #1242572 we first need

 15:12 <ubottu> bug 1271591 in gnome-keyring (Ubuntu) "upstart job race prevents gnome-keyring from being ssh agent" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1271591

 15:12 <xnox> xkeyboard-config to support "super+space" combo for switching

 15:12 <ubottu> bug 1242572 in xkeyboard-config (Ubuntu) "xkeyboard-config, console-setup, and ubiquity should use Super+Space for switching keyboard layouts" [Wishlist,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1242572

 15:12 <xnox> layouts. Tested multiple patches from maarten lankhorst. Once

 15:12 <xnox> that lands, we can patch console-setup/ubiquity to support and

 15:12 <xnox> use super+space by default.

 15:12 <xnox> - Uploaded fix for bug #1285312

 15:12 <ubottu> bug 1285312 in mdadm (Ubuntu Trusty) "Setting up mdadm (3.2.5-5ubuntu3) freezes after calling grub1's update-grub from postinst" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1285312

 15:12 <xnox> - verified ubiquity trusty sru bug #1309458

 15:12 <ubottu> bug 1309458 in ubiquity (Ubuntu) "[kubuntu] ubiquity installer crashes when clicking release notes link" [High,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1309458

 15:12 <xnox> - ubiquity got accepted for bug #1277706

 15:12 <ubottu> bug 1277706 in ubiquity (Ubuntu Precise) "ubiquity in precise-updates, doesn't have tight enough dependency on python-apt leading to crashers" [High,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1277706

 15:12 <xnox> 

 15:12 <xnox> * Unicorns:

 15:12 <xnox> - did some transition

 15:12 <xnox> - some forwarding patches to debian/getting packages in sync

 15:12 <xnox> - working on x86-android toolchain, i have one that works locally

 15:12 <xnox> will upload it for rsalveti to cross-check. should resolve bug #1305315

 15:12 <xnox> * Futurum:

 15:12 <ubottu> bug 1305315 in gcc-i686-linux-android (Ubuntu) "Android container fails to start when built with the gcc-i686-linux-android toolchain" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1305315

 15:12 <xnox> - should we auto-upgrade people to grub2 from grub1?

 15:12 <xnox> - better upstart/init.d integration

 15:12 <xnox> ..

 15:12 <stgraber> Short week, was off on Friday and Monday for NorthSec 2014.

 15:12 <stgraber> Containers:

 15:12 <stgraber> - Went through the rather massive lxc-devel backlog.

 15:12 <stgraber> - Getting ready for a 1.0.4 bugfix release (for both utopic and trusty)

 15:12 <stgraber> - netns related kernel debugging:

 15:13 <stgraber> - tc rules won't work in unprivileged containers (kernel patch sent to lkml)

 15:13 <stgraber> - tearing down a netns with filtering rules may panic the host (bug 1314274)

 15:13 <ubottu> bug 1314274 in linux (Ubuntu) "BUG in nf_nat_cleanup_conntrack" [Medium,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1314274

 15:13 <stgraber> - systems with around 500 IPv6 routing tables, each with over 100 routes

 15:13 <cjwatson> grub2 from grub1> we probably ought to have done this years ago but I think at this point it is likely a waste of effort

 15:13 <stgraber> overflow some table and lead to random failure to sendmsg/recvmsg.

 15:13 <stgraber> - Submitted talk proposal for LinuxCon NA 2014 about

 15:13 <stgraber> "Simulating the Internet with unprivileged LXC containers" based on what

 15:13 <stgraber> we've been doing for NorthSec 2014.

 15:13 <stgraber> - Been looking at getting a unity8-preview container to work.

 15:13 <stgraber> Networking:

 15:13 <stgraber> - Looking into a few ifupdown/bridge-utils/vlan races

 15:13 <stgraber> System-image:

 15:13 <stgraber> - Switched devel* over from trusty* to utopic*

 15:13 <stgraber> - Updated the customized channels to work for utopic

 15:13 <stgraber> Other:

 15:13 <cjwatson> (though it might, arguably, amount to a giant grub (legacy) merge)

 15:13 <stgraber> - Patch pilot

 15:13 <stgraber> - Some SRU reviews

 15:13 <stgraber> - Started poking at my merges

 15:13 <stgraber> 

 15:13 <stgraber> I'll be at the Cloud sprint next week, then mostly off the two weeks after that

 15:13 <stgraber> (only working on the 16th, 19th and 20th) and I'll see you all in Malta!

 15:13 <stgraber> (DONE)

 15:14 <cjwatson> stgraber: Doesn't a unity8-preview container basically mean that you can't operate on the host (e.g. do sysadmin like upgrading the kernel) from your session?

 15:15 <cjwatson> I had been working on the belief that that strategy wasn't terribly viable because of that

 15:15 <xnox> cjwatson: i thought something simple like make a transitional package (grub-common?) that depends on grub-pc, and leave it at that. Such that people at-least get the "upgrade to grub2" prompts.

 15:16 <cjwatson> xnox: well that's basically what the merge would do (definitely not grub-common though!)

 15:16 <xnox> cjwatson: =)

 15:16 <slangasek> cjwatson: grub2 from grub1 a waste of effort> we continue to have grub1 in main, and continue to receive bug reports about it (mostly misdirected, but still).  How can we sunset it so we're not carrying it into eternity?

 15:16 <cjwatson> xnox: if you want to tackle the gigantic merge, then I don't mind

 15:16 <stgraber> cjwatson: well, the current scope is a simple unity8 session, only /home would be shared and we woudln't attempt to keep packages in sync. So indeed not terribly viable as a real work environment but seems to cover the limited cases people appear to care about at this time.

 15:18 <xnox> 0.97-29ubuntu66 with 0.97-67 -> the version mismatch does look gigantic =)

 15:18 <cjwatson> I think we could at least get grub out of main this cycle; it's mostly there so that it can be selected via preseeding; but it would be worth checking whether it's still needed for xen (and I should go and chase up the final packaging bits of pv-grub2, which need some protocol definitions written up and handed to the xen folks)

 15:19 <cjwatson> stgraber: mm, I just thought that we'd get more real testing if people could actually (in theory) use it all the time rather than having to switch back in order to do anything non-trivial

 15:20 <cjwatson> which I realise probably isn't possible yet but surely the target is to make it be possible

 15:20 * xnox personally would want container-like thing

 15:20 <stgraber> cjwatson: I'd expect those users to simply use utopic then

 15:20 <xnox> when i flip the screen on my laptop into tablet mode, i would just want the container to launch. When i flip back, i'd just get back to unity7 session.

 15:21 <cjwatson> stgraber: I guess

 15:21 <cjwatson> well, if you think that would actually meet realistic requirements, then it would certainly get certain parties off our collective backs :)

 15:21 <xnox> cjwatson: i believe above strategy is what's needed for trusty based convertable devices for example.

 15:22 <stgraber> cjwatson: well, I think it can meet asac's requirements as he presented them to me the other day (those may have changed entirely in between but nobody spoke to me since :)), assuming I can get the damn thing to work :)

 15:23 * slangasek grins

 15:23 <xnox> =)))))

 15:23 <cjwatson> yeah, I meant "and users would want to use it" as well

 15:23 <cjwatson> but I guess we'll see

 15:23 <slangasek> well, we know it's much less functional

 15:23 <slangasek> the fact that we're able to deliver any functionality on trusty at all is going to be a win, IMHO

 15:24 <slangasek> any other questions re: status?

 15:25 <slangasek> [TOPIC] targeted bugs

 15:25 <slangasek> [LINK] http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-t-tracking-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 15:25 <slangasek> I don't imagine we want to go through all of these today

 15:26 <slangasek> so this is just a light nag, we still have a lot of unassigned bugs there and the overall list doesn't look any shorter than last week... :)

 15:26 <slangasek> please make some time to take a bug or two off of this list

 15:27 <slangasek> (removal from the list by nominating it for removal from the list instead of fixing is allowed :)

 15:27 <slangasek> please? :)

 15:27 <cjwatson> I'll sort out a couple today/tomorrow

 15:27 <bdmurray> okay

 15:27 * barry nods

 15:28 <slangasek> great, thanks

 15:28 <slangasek> bdmurray: are there any other bugs we should have our eye on right now?

 15:29 <bdmurray> slangasek: not that I haven't pinged people about

 15:29 <slangasek> fair enough :)

 15:30 <slangasek> [TOPIC] Malta

 15:31 * jodh sobs

 15:31 <bdmurray> slangasek: some of the bugs in that list have been 'fix committed', they just need verification

 15:31 <slangasek> so if there are any topics that you want to discuss within the team or with other teams at the end of the month, please bring them to me this week / next week

 15:32 <slangasek> there's a google doc for gathering topics, so just let me know what you need added there: https://docs.google.com/a/canonical.com/document/d/1zWQBVjJLBOwfXQWibvw5H64EGn3ZKpU5XkTbx2zkUvI/edit

 15:33 <slangasek> jodh: maybe somebody can bring you back some maltaed milk balls

 15:33 * barry wants a falcon

 15:33 <jodh> slangasek: too kind, please don't deprive yourselves!

 15:34 <stgraber> slangasek: systemd-shim work with pitti, systemd + cgmanager work with pitti, system-image 2015 key generation (the relevant people should bring their usb keys)

 15:34 <slangasek> ah, fwiw, if I hadn't mentioned this, neither jodh nor barry will be joining us on the island; barry remote due to a pre-existing conflict, and jodh apparently didn't use his crystal ball before booking vacation

 15:34 <slangasek> so :)

 15:34 <slangasek> stgraber: can you drop those to me in email please?

 15:34 <stgraber> slangasek: sure

 15:34 <barry> 3am is a good time to work

 15:35 <slangasek> so consequently, if there are things in malta that you need jodh's input on, get it before you go; and for barry, call it out specifically so we schedule against his availability please

 15:36 <slangasek> [TOPIC] AOB

 15:36 <slangasek> anything else?

 15:36 <bdmurray> Is anybody familiar with win32-loader?

 15:36 <xnox> jodh: barry: =( balls

 15:36 <bdmurray> https://wiki.debian.org/DebianInstaller/Loader

 15:37 <cjwatson> Only very tangentially; it's in the same kind of general space as wubi

 15:37 <jodh> xnox: yeah, maybe the next meet-up can avoid school holidays :)

 15:37 <bdmurray> I was wondering if it might be worth looking at as a replacement for wubi.

 15:38 <xnox> slangasek: can i get msdn access? to poke os-prober at detecting various operating systems available with msdn subscription?

 15:38 <xnox> slangasek: or who should i talk to? (i heard rumour has it, there is some msdn subscription available)

 15:39 <slangasek> xnox: the answer should be "yes", but I don't know who owns our MSDN access currently; possibilities are ev, elmo, pgraner - could you email them and cc: me, to try to figure out who has it?

 15:39 <xnox> slangasek: ack.

 15:39 <cjwatson> Certainly worth a look if somebody's enthusiastic: problems I anticipate include (a) would need to get mingw-w64 into main so that we can build some of win32-loader's build-dependencies which have historically been disabled in Ubuntu to avoid the MIR; (b) given that it is only rather lightly maintained in Debian right now, we'd need to think about how much effort it would be to maintain so that we don't just end up back in the same ...

 15:39 <cjwatson> ... boat that we've been in with wubi

 15:42 <slangasek> ok

 15:42 <slangasek> anything else?

 15:43 <slangasek> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)