== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting: DMB, 02 Jun at 15:04 &mdash; 15:40 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2014/ubuntu-meeting.2014-06-02-15.04.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Action items ===
The discussion about "Action items" started at 15:04.


=== MOTU application: Rohan Garg ===
The discussion about "MOTU application: Rohan Garg" started at 15:07.

  * ''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/shadeslayer/MOTUDeveloperApplication 
  * ''Vote:'' Should shadeslayer join ~motu? (Carried)
  * ''ACTION:'' Laney to add shadeslayer to ~motu

=== AOB ===
The discussion about "AOB" started at 15:38.




== Vote results ==

 * [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2014/ubuntu-meeting.2014-06-02-15.04.log.html#90 Should shadeslayer join ~motu?]]
  * Motion carried (For/Against/Abstained 3/0/0)
   *  Voters stgraber, bdrung_work, Laney



== Action items, by person ==

 * Laney
  * Laney to add shadeslayer to ~motu
 * shadeslayer
  * Laney to add shadeslayer to ~motu



== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * Laney (52)
 * shadeslayer (22)
 * stgraber (17)
 * meetingology (12)
 * bdrung_work (8)
 * apachelogger (2)
 * Riddell (2)
 * ScottK (2)



== Full Log ==


 15:04 <Laney> #startmeeting DMB

 15:04 <meetingology> Meeting started Mon Jun  2 15:04:18 2014 UTC.  The chair is Laney. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 15:04 <meetingology> 

 15:04 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 15:04 <Laney> #topic Action items

 15:04 <ScottK> Sorta here. In transit.

 15:04 <Laney> Hrm, they were cleared or never added to gthe agenda

 15:05 <Laney> Anyway, AFAIK it was just creating the virt set which xnox did

 15:05 <Laney> with stgraber's help

 15:05 <Laney> stgraber: want to run your eagle eye over the team's configuration?

 15:06 <stgraber> Laney: yep, doing that now

 15:06 <Laney> cheers

 15:07 <Laney> let's do this application thing

 15:07 <stgraber> there are problems, fixing

 15:07 <Laney> #topic MOTU application: Rohan Garg

 15:07 <Laney> hi shadeslayer

 15:07 <shadeslayer> hi everyone! :)

 15:07 <Laney> could you introuce yourself?

 15:07 <stgraber> Laney: for the record, the DMB should never be a member of a packaging team, core-dev should always be a member (without an expiry) and existing members should have a two years expiry (instead of 1)

 15:07 <Laney> xnox: ^^^^^

 15:09 <stgraber> also, members should be allowed to self-renew after 730 (instead of re-apply after 365)

 15:09 <shadeslayer> Sure, I'm Rohan Garg, I've been contributing to Kubuntu for nearly 4 years now ( launchpad indicates that my first upload was in earl 2010 ), mostly involved in the packaging side, though I occassionaly also contribute bug fixes to KDE

 15:09 <stgraber> Laney: all fixed

 15:09 <shadeslayer> I'm currently a member of Kubuntu Dev, which allows me upload rights to most of KDE SC, however, I'd also like to contribute to the wider array of KDE packages and libraries that KDE builds upon in the ubuntu universe

 15:09 <Laney> stgraber: thanks

 15:10 <shadeslayer> wiki page https://wiki.ubuntu.com/shadeslayer

 15:11 <shadeslayer> https://wiki.ubuntu.com/shadeslayer/MOTUDeveloperApplication

 15:12 <Riddell> I support rohan, he's a top notch contributor and it would be great to have him easily able to help throughout universe land

 15:12 <Laney> but if it's not going to happen (if 4 people won't be there) I'd appreciate someone letting shadeslayer know and SMSing me

 15:12 <Laney> ffs sorry

 15:12 <stgraber> :)

 15:12 <Laney> I'm suffering from extreme latency

 15:12 <Laney> currently in a cafe

 15:13 <Laney> okay seems a bit better now

 15:13 <Laney> shadeslayer: thanks for the intro, good to see nice endorsements

 15:15 <Laney> do you plan on working on anything outside of non-seeded KDE stuff? :)

 15:15 <Laney> like sponsoring ;-)

 15:15 <shadeslayer> if it's within my domain, I can lend a hand sure

 15:16 <Riddell> he's also a merging master

 15:16 <stgraber> I guess that's the main point of that application right since you're already a member of kubuntu-dev and ubuntu-qt5-dev which I guess cover most of the existing kde packages

 15:16 <Laney> much stuff in the queue is fairly general

 15:16 <shadeslayer> for eg. I can understand basic autotools as well

 15:17 <shadeslayer> and moderately complex cmake things

 15:17 <Laney> exactly, like merges (although they are tiresome to review)

 15:17 <shadeslayer> true ^_^

 15:17 <Laney> (since you end up redoing the work)

 15:19 <shadeslayer> so sure, I can help with the sponsoring as when I have time :) , though I'll probably need some reminding every now and then ;)

 15:20 <Laney> do you work directly in debian-qt-kde?

 15:21 <shadeslayer> when the occassion calls for it, I've sent bug reports upstream, these days I'm working with maxy ( a debian DD ) to get delta reduced between debian and ubuntu KDE packages

 15:22 <stgraber> shadeslayer: are you subscribed to ubuntu-devel-announce?

 15:23 <shadeslayer> I think so

 15:24 <shadeslayer> FWIW some examples of my work done in Debian https://bugs.debian.org/cgi-bin/pkgreport.cgi?archive=both;dist=unstable;submitter=rohangarg%40kubuntu.org

 15:24 <stgraber> shadeslayer: do you know how to check if a given package affects a particular Ubuntu image?

 15:24 <shadeslayer> stgraber: you mean if it's seeded? seeded-in-ubuntu packagename

 15:25 <stgraber> shadeslayer: yep, good answer :)

 15:25 <shadeslayer> :)

 15:26 <Laney> anyone got any more questions?

 15:26 * Laney is done

 15:26 <Laney> bdrung_work: ScottK:

 15:26 <stgraber> shadeslayer: so say we are Tuesday of alpha-2 week, you want to sponsor a vlc merge, can you do it without any worries or should you refrain?

 15:26 <bdrung_work> finally seeded-in-ubuntu is talked of :)

 15:26 <stgraber> shadeslayer: consider that this is for the 14.10 cycle

 15:29 <shadeslayer> stgraber: if it's a bug fix release, I don't see a issue ( though maybe inform the Mythbuntu folks )

 15:30 <stgraber> shadeslayer: ok. Asking is always the safe way to go about this kind of things :)

 15:30 <shadeslayer> if it's a release with features, that /might/ cause potential bugs for Mythbuntu ISO's

 15:30 <shadeslayer> then collaborate with mythbuntu, get it tested in a PPA, and then land

 15:31 <stgraber> this was a trick question though as Mythbuntu is LTS-only and so doesn't really care about 14.10. For any other seeded package during a milestone week, it's usually expected to either refrain or talk to the affected flavors.

 15:31 <stgraber> Laney: no further question

 15:31 <Laney> thanks

 15:31 <Laney> bdrung_work: anything?

 15:31 <shadeslayer> you trickster you :P , but yeah, I'd just poke the relevant Mythbuntu folks

 15:31 <bdrung_work> Laney, yes, one

 15:32 <ScottK> No questions

 15:32 <Laney> go go go

 15:32 <bdrung_work> shadeslayer, do you plan to become a DD or to join the Debian KDE team to directly commit your changes to their git repositories?

 15:33 <bdrung_work> IMO that's the simplest way to keep the diff between Debian and Ubuntu small

 15:33 * apachelogger puts cookies that might be considered bribe cookies in the channel

 15:34 <shadeslayer> I honestly don't know, usually I apply for upload permissions when I get annoyed that I can't fix stuff that annoys me or users, so far nothing like that has happened, when that happens, I'll probably apply :P

 15:34 <Laney> you can usually get team membership without upload rights

 15:34 <Laney> it lets you stage things directly in the vcs

 15:35 <Laney> (referring to alioth teams)

 15:35 <Laney> bdrung_work: anything more?

 15:36 <bdrung_work> no

 15:36 <bdrung_work> everything else was covered

 15:36 <Laney> thanks

 15:36 <shadeslayer> well, usually there's very little friction when I send a patch to a DD in the debian qt kde team, so haven't been frustrated enough to apply for the team

 15:36 * Laney nods

 15:36 <Laney> It just turns "send a patch" into "commit a patch" :)

 15:36 <apachelogger> (random note regarding debian cooperation: there has been ongoing discussion about actually putting kubuntu package maintenance into the debian repos as to reduce merge overhead to somewhere close to nil)

 15:36 <Laney> #vote Should shadeslayer join ~motu?

 15:36 <meetingology> Please vote on: Should shadeslayer join ~motu?

 15:36 <meetingology> Public votes can be registered by saying +1, +0 or -1 in channel, (for private voting, private message me with 'vote +1/-1/+0 #channelname)

 15:36 <stgraber> +1

 15:36 <meetingology> +1 received from stgraber

 15:37 <bdrung_work> +1

 15:37 <meetingology> +1 received from bdrung_work

 15:37 <Laney> +1 good endorsements, good work, good answers - thanks!

 15:37 <meetingology> +1 good endorsements, good work, good answers - thanks! received from Laney

 15:37 <Laney> ScottK: want to vote for realz?

 15:37 <Laney> well anwyay, he already voted +1 in an email

 15:37 <Laney> so...

 15:37 <Laney> #endvote

 15:37 <meetingology> Voting ended on: Should shadeslayer join ~motu?

 15:37 <meetingology> Votes for:3 Votes against:0 Abstentions:0

 15:37 <meetingology> Motion carried

 15:38 <Laney> well done ;)

 15:38 <Laney> #action Laney to add shadeslayer to ~motu

 15:38 * meetingology Laney to add shadeslayer to ~motu

 15:38 <Laney> #topic AOB

 15:39 <Laney> going

 15:39 <Laney> going

 15:39 <shadeslayer> thanks!

 15:40 <bdrung_work> shadeslayer, congrats!

 15:40 <Laney> gone

 15:40 <Laney> thanks all!

 15:40 <stgraber> shadeslayer: congrats!

 15:40 <Laney> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)