== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 01 Dec at 16:45 &mdash; 17:08 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2014/ubuntu-meeting.2014-12-01-16.45.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting 
=== Announcements ===
The discussion about "Announcements" started at 16:46.


=== Weekly stand-up report ===
The discussion about "Weekly stand-up report" started at 16:47.


=== Highlighted packages ===
The discussion about "Highlighted packages" started at 17:04.

  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/icecast2.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/zodb.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/batmand.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/tnftp.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/oftc-hybrid.html 

=== Miscellaneous and Questions ===
The discussion about "Miscellaneous and Questions" started at 17:05.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * jdstrand (29)
 * mdeslaur (11)
 * tyhicks (9)
 * sbeattie (8)
 * chrisccoulson (6)
 * sarnold (5)
 * meetingology (3)
 * ubottu (1)



== Full Log ==


 16:45 <jdstrand> #startmeeting

 16:45 <meetingology> Meeting started Mon Dec  1 16:45:34 2014 UTC.  The chair is jdstrand. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:45 <meetingology> 

 16:45 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 16:45 <jdstrand> The meeting agenda can be found at:

 16:45 <jdstrand> [LINK] https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting

 16:46 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Announcements

 16:46 <jdstrand> Stefan Bader (smb) provided debdiffs for precise-utopic for xen

 16:46 <jdstrand> Your work is very much appreciated and will keep Ubuntu users secure. Great job! :)

 16:47 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Weekly stand-up report

 16:47 <jdstrand> I'll go first

 16:47 <jdstrand> I'm in the happy place

 16:47 <jdstrand> I have a shortish week in that I may not be around a lot on friday since I will be travelling that afternoon for a sprint

 16:48 <jdstrand> I have some more click-reviewerws-tools updates (I did a bunch of them last week)

 16:48 <jdstrand> and an embargoed issue

 16:48 <jdstrand> mdeslaur: you're up

 16:49 <mdeslaur> I'm on triage this week

 16:49 <mdeslaur> I'm currently working on some glibc updates

 16:49 <mdeslaur> and I have a couple of embargoed issues to work on

 16:49 <mdeslaur> and after that, I need to tackle some other packages on the list, which is growing again

 16:50 <mdeslaur> hopefully, I'll manage to knock a lot of it down before everyone goes on holidaty

 16:50 <mdeslaur> holiday

 16:50 <mdeslaur> that's about it from me, sbeattie, you're up

 16:50 <sbeattie> I'm again focused on the pie-on-amd64 compiler stuff this week

 16:51 <sbeattie> I have some apparmor patches to review and revise

 16:51 <mdeslaur> sbeattie: how's that coming along?

 16:51 <sbeattie> slowly, I got sidetracked on cboltz's apparmor patches

 16:51 <sbeattie> but I'm pushing those aside for a bit.

 16:51 <sbeattie> (the patches, not the compiler stuff)

 16:52 <sbeattie> I'll try to pick up the mutt update as well.

 16:52 <sbeattie> that's it for me. tyhicks?

 16:53 <tyhicks> with the short week and a distraction from having to review and test a fix for an ecryptfs kernel fix last week, I'm a broken record

 16:53 <tyhicks> working on moving the aa caching code to a library

 16:53 <tyhicks> and bug #1362469

 16:54 <ubottu> bug 1362469 in dbus (Ubuntu) "AppArmor unrequested reply protection generates unallowable denials" [Medium,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1362469

 16:54 <tyhicks> however, I made good progress on the aa caching stuff

 16:54 <tyhicks> I think I've got everything to the point where I can just move functions over to libapparmor now

 16:55 <tyhicks> (all the api's are nice and clean, globals are pulled up, exits are gone, etc.)

 16:55 <tyhicks> so that'll be my main focus so that I can get the patches out to the list

 16:55 <tyhicks> that's it for me

 16:55 <tyhicks> jdstrand: did you want to give jj's status or should we skip to sarnold ?

 16:56 <jdstrand> I'll give it

 16:56 <jdstrand> jjohansen is working on AppArmor upstreaming and coordinating that work with the kernel team

 16:56 <jdstrand> sarnold: you're up

 16:56 <mdeslaur> tyhicks: nice :)

 16:56 <sarnold> I'm on community this week

 16:56 <sbeattie> tyhicks: woo, nice!

 16:57 <sarnold> I'm finishing up giving myself a quick education on macaroons for an internal team, looks neat, I'll try to review some of the apparmor patches that are (still) outstanding, and may pick up a security update this week

 16:58 * mdeslaur likes chocolate macaroons

 16:58 <sarnold> mmmm

 16:58 <sarnold> that's it for me, chrisccoulson?

 16:58 <chrisccoulson> mozilla updates this week (today, actually. But I'm going to publish them tomorrow as usual)

 16:58 <jdstrand> sarnold: there may be a MIR audit

 16:59 <sarnold> jdstrand: nice, hooray for planning ahead :)

 16:59 <chrisccoulson> in addition to that, I've got some work to do to make sure that mozilla's default search engine change won't affect our users

 16:59 <chrisccoulson> other than that, I'll be carrying on with oxide work

 17:00 <chrisccoulson> oh, and I need to plan some time off :)

 17:00 <chrisccoulson> I think that's me done

 17:00 <mdeslaur> chrisccoulson: please make the search bar search the dilbert archive by default, thanks

 17:00 <chrisccoulson> lol

 17:04 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Highlighted packages

 17:04 <jdstrand> The Ubuntu Security team will highlight some community-supported packages that might be good candidates for updating and or triaging. If you would like to help Ubuntu and not sure where to start, this is a great way to do so.

 17:04 <jdstrand> See https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/UpdateProcedures for details and if you have any questions, feel free to ask in #ubuntu-security. To find out other ways of helping out, please see https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/GettingInvolved.

 17:04 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/icecast2.html

 17:04 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/zodb.html

 17:04 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/batmand.html

 17:04 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/tnftp.html

 17:04 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/oftc-hybrid.html

 17:05 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Miscellaneous and Questions

 17:05 <jdstrand> Does anyone have any other questions or items to discuss?

 17:08 <jdstrand> mdeslaur, sbeattie, tyhicks, sarnold, chrisccoulson: thanks!

 17:08 <jdstrand> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)