== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 03 Mar at 16:39 &mdash; 17:14 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2014/ubuntu-meeting.2014-03-03-16.39.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting 
=== Review of any previous action items ===
The discussion about "Review of any previous action items" started at 16:40.


=== Weekly stand-up report ===
The discussion about "Weekly stand-up report" started at 16:40.


=== Highlighted packages ===
The discussion about "Highlighted packages" started at 17:09.

  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/tinc.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/argyll.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/libipc-pubsub-perl.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/lcgdm.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/9base.html 

=== Miscellaneous and Questions ===
The discussion about "Miscellaneous and Questions" started at 17:10.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * jdstrand (48)
 * tyhicks (22)
 * mdeslaur (14)
 * sbeattie (11)
 * sarnold (8)
 * jjohansen (7)
 * chrisccoulson (5)
 * meetingology (3)



== Full Log ==


 16:39 <jdstrand> #startmeeting

 16:39 <meetingology> Meeting started Mon Mar  3 16:39:58 2014 UTC.  The chair is jdstrand. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:39 <meetingology> 

 16:39 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 16:40 <jdstrand> The meeting agenda can be found at:

 16:40 <jdstrand> [LINK] https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting

 16:40 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Review of any previous action items

 16:40 <jdstrand> chrisccoulson send oxide and qtwebkit benchmark results to mailing list

 16:40 <chrisccoulson> heh, sorry, i still haven't done that yet. i'll do it later :)

 16:40 <jdstrand> ok thanks

 16:40 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Weekly stand-up report

 16:41 <jdstrand> I'll go first

 16:41 <jdstrand> I'm on triage

 16:41 <jdstrand> I have some updates to get to

 16:41 <jdstrand> I'd like to do some work on click-apparmor to support the newer frameworks (for the upcoming app showdown)

 16:42 <jdstrand> I need to look over before and after apparmor denials of running all the apps under qt5.0 and qt5.2 and investigate any new denials in 5.2 in preparation for its landing

 16:43 <mdeslaur> oh hrm, were there a lot of them?

 16:43 <jdstrand> (I've been given the denials, just need to look at the reports, etc)

 16:43 <jdstrand> I'm not sure

 16:43 <jdstrand> there were a lot of denials in both that I was a little surprised about

 16:43 <jdstrand> so, need to take a look

 16:43 <mdeslaur> huh

 16:43 <jdstrand> apparently the denials are harmless enough, cause there aren't bugs open for what I saw

 16:44 <mdeslaur> ah, good

 16:45 <jdstrand> like, permy and network access. I think that might be the qt xml trying to do a name lookup or something (maybe for a dtd?) even though it is given a local url

 16:45 <jdstrand> ie file://

 16:45 <mdeslaur> interesting

 16:45 <jdstrand> and I have slightly more inbox catchup to do-- I did pretty well last week, but have a couple things left

 16:46 <jdstrand> that's it from me

 16:46 <jdstrand> mdeslaur: you're up

 16:46 <mdeslaur> I'm on community this week

 16:46 <mdeslaur> I'm currently testing python and php5 updates which I'll be releasing today

 16:46 <mdeslaur> there's a new gnutls issue out that I need to prepare updates for

 16:47 <mdeslaur> and the list is growing, so I have to catch up

 16:47 <mdeslaur> friday I'm on patch piloting

 16:47 <mdeslaur> that's it from me

 16:47 <mdeslaur> sbeattie: you're up

 16:47 <sbeattie> I'm focused on apparmor stuff again this week.

 16:48 <sbeattie> I helped sarnold dig out some of the issues with the 2.9 snapshot we're trying to land, I think the only thing really remaining is the inability of the new utils to parse dbus rules.

 16:49 <tyhicks> what is the plan there?

 16:49 <sbeattie> I'll also be focusing on helping jj test the ipc stuff.

 16:49 <tyhicks> ignore the rules (like the old tools) or actually parse them?

 16:50 <sbeattie> tyhicks: I'm trying to come up with a quickish patch to make parse them enough to not drop them.

 16:50 <tyhicks> nice

 16:50 <sbeattie> s/make/

 16:50 <sbeattie> anyway, that's the big stuff for me this week.

 16:50 <sbeattie> tyhicks: you're up

 16:51 <tyhicks> the kernel keyring work took up a little more of my time last week than expected (but I did get the investigation done and a patch sent out)

 16:51 <tyhicks> so now I'm addressing the final few comments from the dbus-daemon mediation patches review

 16:52 <tyhicks> after I get that done and resubmitted, I'll switch to kdbus for a day or two

 16:52 <tyhicks> and then hopefully I have some time to help out sbeattie and sarnold shake out issues with the pending upload

 16:52 <tyhicks> but it sounds like they may get it done before I can help

 16:52 <tyhicks> :/

 16:53 <tyhicks> I feel bad for leaving some landmines laying around that they've had to deal with

 16:53 <tyhicks> that's it for me

 16:53 <tyhicks> jjohansen: you're up

 16:53 <jdstrand> tyhicks: that keyring patch was for pam?

 16:53 <tyhicks> jdstrand: it was

 16:53 * jdstrand nods

 16:53 <tyhicks> jdstrand: pam_keyinit

 16:53 <tyhicks> jdstrand: we'

 16:54 <tyhicks> jdstrand: we've started to partially use it

 16:54 <jdstrand> neat

 16:54 <tyhicks> it is neat

 16:54 <tyhicks> but it breaks some of the ecryptfs-utils tools

 16:55 <tyhicks> dhowells has already responded to my patch and I'm working on convincing him of my approach to fix it

 16:55 * jjohansen is working on apparmor again this week. primarily ipc kernel issues, and then maybe cross namespace stacking

 16:55 * tyhicks is done

 16:55 <jjohansen> heh, sorry tyhicks /me too the "it is neat" as done

 16:56 <tyhicks> np :)

 16:56 <jdstrand> tyhicks: not to worry-- assuming a reactive update or two isn't required first, I know that jjohansen and sbeattie could use some help for the 14.04 deliverables and bug fixes (we always have stuff to do ;)

 16:56 <jjohansen> oh I suppose I am working with sbeattie on testing the ipc work as well

 16:58 <jjohansen> yeah jdstrand is right, tyhicks you weren't planning on sleeping this week where you?

 16:58 <jjohansen> ;)

 16:58 <tyhicks> heh - it is cold here so long nights indoors won't be too bad

 16:59 <jjohansen> hehe

 16:59 <jjohansen> I think that is it for me, sarnold you're up

 16:59 <jdstrand> it is cold here

 16:59 <jdstrand> (brrr)

 17:00 <jdstrand> mdeslaur: I blame you and your Canadian air

 17:00 <mdeslaur> jdstrand: I blame you for global warming :)

 17:00 <sarnold> I'm on apparmor packaging again, it feels closer now than before, thanks to some great debugging by jjohansen and sbeattie, I -think- the only remaining problems with the qrt tests are because the new python-based tools fail on the first mention of dbus

 17:00 * jdstrand likes being warm

 17:01 <mdeslaur> jdstrand: it'll be nice and warm here once texas is covered in molten lava :)

 17:01 <sarnold> while this means e.g. aa-disable foo fails :( I still like these packages more than the old perl-based tools

 17:01 <sarnold> I've also got several MIRs still outstanding: juju-core, schroot, strongswan, glusterfs, thermald

 17:01 <jdstrand> sarnold: where 'foo' is not the path to the file?

 17:02 <jdstrand> ie aa-disable foo vs aa-disable /etc/apparmor.d/foo

 17:02 <jdstrand> I'm sorry, I haven't followed the aa-disable issue closely

 17:02 <sarnold> the nginx mir made some pretty good leaps forward last week, it's now blocked solely on a nginx module that requires lua 5.1 and would require significant work to work with lua 5.2. I hope someone else will sort that one out, no security impact there anyway..

 17:02 <sbeattie> jdstrand: no difference, aa-disable (py version) was reading/parsing all the profiles before doing anything.

 17:02 <sarnold> jdstrand: sorry, 'foo' was just a placeholder, it'll fail completely regardless of how you use it

 17:03 <sbeattie> sarnold, jdstrand: I committed the fix to aa-disable upstream to not do that.

 17:03 <sarnold> sbeattie: yay! thanks :)

 17:03 <sbeattie> (but the rest of the tools still do :( )

 17:04 <jdstrand> sbeattie: ah, so it ended up being a dbus parsing casualty as a result?

 17:04 <sbeattie> jdstrand: yes

 17:04 <jdstrand> I see

 17:05 <sarnold> oh yes, I've also got an internally-requested php module audit to finish. (quite the jarring experience after the nginx code..)

 17:05 <sarnold> anyway I think that's me done, chrisccoulson?

 17:06 <chrisccoulson> i'm finishing work on our user-agent override mechanism this week, which is quite a big chunk of work

 17:06 <jdstrand> nice!

 17:07 <chrisccoulson> i also reimplemented the script messaging API on the renderer side last week (the original implementation was rushed to get unit tests working), which fixes some bugs: https://code.launchpad.net/~chrisccoulson/oxide/user-scripts-and-messaging-rework

 17:08 <chrisccoulson> i guess this week will be more of the same :)

 17:08 <chrisccoulson> i think that's me done

 17:08 <mdeslaur> cool

 17:09 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Highlighted packages

 17:09 <jdstrand> The Ubuntu Security team will highlight some community-supported packages that might be good candidates for updating and or triaging. If you would like to help Ubuntu and not sure where to start, this is a great way to do so.

 17:09 <jdstrand> See https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/UpdateProcedures for details and if you have any questions, feel free to ask in #ubuntu-security. To find out other ways of helping out, please see https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/GettingInvolved.

 17:09 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/tinc.html

 17:09 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/argyll.html

 17:10 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/libipc-pubsub-perl.html

 17:10 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/lcgdm.html

 17:10 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/9base.html

 17:10 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Miscellaneous and Questions

 17:10 <jdstrand> Does anyone have any other questions or items to discuss?

 17:14 <jdstrand> mdeslaur, sbeattie, tyhicks, jjohansen, sarnold, ChrisCoulson: thanks!

 17:14 <jdstrand> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)