== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 31 Mar at 16:36 &mdash; 17:03 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2014/ubuntu-meeting.2014-03-31-16.36.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting 
=== Weekly stand-up report ===
The discussion about "Weekly stand-up report" started at 16:37.


=== Highlighted packages ===
The discussion about "Highlighted packages" started at 16:59.

  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/ibm-3270.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/lxsession.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/davfs2.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/claws-mail.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/ruby-will-paginate.html 

=== Miscellaneous and Questions ===
The discussion about "Miscellaneous and Questions" started at 17:00.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * jdstrand (32)
 * tyhicks (9)
 * mdeslaur (8)
 * sbeattie (8)
 * sarnold (6)
 * jjohansen (5)
 * chrisccoulson (4)
 * meetingology (3)
 * cprofitt (1)



== Full Log ==


 16:36 <jdstrand> #startmeeting

 16:36 <meetingology> Meeting started Mon Mar 31 16:36:54 2014 UTC.  The chair is jdstrand. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:36 <meetingology> 

 16:36 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 16:36 <jdstrand> The meeting agenda can be found at:

 16:36 <jdstrand> [LINK] https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting

 16:37 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Weekly stand-up report

 16:37 <jdstrand> I'll go first

 16:37 <jdstrand> last week was pretty busy helping get oxide in the archive (it is), it's MIR done (it is accepted) and landed on touch/desktop (in progress (others are handling this)).

 16:37 <jdstrand> Also did a lot of testing surrounding !AppArmor signals and ptrace FFe. Testing shows it is in really good shape.

 16:37 <jdstrand> Took a hard look at golang and commented in MIR to help remove potential impasse

 16:38 <jdstrand> for this week, I plan to help jjohansen and tyhicks land !AppArmor signals and ptrace FFe

 16:38 <jdstrand> the kernel bits are all in flight and I don't expect any issues there

 16:38 * mdeslaur chuckles at wiki "!AppArmor" syntax :)

 16:38 <jdstrand> heh

 16:38 <jdstrand> sorry

 16:39 <jdstrand> there is also an openjdk-6 upstream regression that is prepared and gotten extensive community testing that I will be pushing out

 16:39 <cprofitt> no, problem I was able to follow it

 16:39 <jdstrand> I still have embargoed issues I am working on

 16:40 <jdstrand> and updates as I have time

 16:40 <jdstrand> mdeslaur: you're up

 16:41 <mdeslaur> I'm in the happy place this week

 16:41 <mdeslaur> I am patch piloting on friday

 16:41 <mdeslaur> I am currently working on curl updates

 16:41 <mdeslaur> and am continuing going down the list

 16:41 <mdeslaur> that's pretty much it from me

 16:41 <mdeslaur> sbeattie: you're up

 16:41 * sbeattie is on apparmor again this week

 16:42 <sbeattie> Pretty much focused on testing & reviewing in support of landing the ptrace/signal mediation FFe for apparmor

 16:42 <jdstrand> sbeattie: what is left with the testing beyond what jjohansen implemented?

 16:43 <sbeattie> signal tests need expansion

 16:43 <jjohansen> ptrace tests could also use a pass through to make sure a combination wasn't missed

 16:43 <sbeattie> Yeah, was just going to say I wanted to review the ptrace tests for completeness

 16:44 <jdstrand> since the kernel seems to be under control for landing, I wondered if perhaps sbeattie would have time to help tyhicks with the distro policy verification/changes

 16:44 <jjohansen> and testing on the parser language side needs to be worked on as well

 16:44 <jdstrand> but I don't know what is left with the testing improvements, so I'll just put that out there and leave it at that

 16:45 <tyhicks> FWIW, I think there is quite a bit of value in expanding the signals testing and reviewing the ptrace test

 16:45 <sbeattie> jdstrand: eh, I can probably put some time into it as well.

 16:46 <sbeattie> tyhicks: okay

 16:46 <sbeattie> anyway, that's the plan for me this week

 16:46 <sbeattie> tyhicks: you're up

 16:46 <jdstrand> again, I tossed it out there as a conversation point-- feel free to prioritize on whateve makes sense to land this in a well-tested manner

 16:47 <tyhicks> my focus will be on landing the apparmor userspace ffe

 16:47 <mdeslaur> ok, well, sbeattie and tyhicks please determine amongst yourselves the best course of action

 16:47 * tyhicks nods

 16:47 <tyhicks> I'll be testing our existing, shipped profiles

 16:48 <tyhicks> and making adjustments, as needed

 16:48 <tyhicks> then I'll look into adding support to aa.py for file, pivot_root, signal, and ptrace rules

 16:48 <tyhicks> and that'll be followed up with the upload

 16:48 <tyhicks> that's it for me

 16:48 <tyhicks> jjohansen: you're up

 16:50 <jjohansen> I'm working on landing the apparmor FFe this week too. Mostly working with testing and what ever is needed to support tyhicks, sbeattie, and jdstrand.

 16:51 <jjohansen> If there is time the backport patches need to be updated so that the kernel sync that is part of the FFe can be done for touch. So that post FFe the work need to update touch can begin

 16:52 <jjohansen> that is it for me sarnold your up

 16:53 <sarnold> i'm on triage this week

 16:54 <sarnold> I'm finishing the juju-core MIR today if it goes as expected

 16:54 <sarnold> that leaves the glusterfs MIR this week

 16:54 <sarnold> I suspect this week I'll also upgrade my laptop to trusty to add my own dogfooding before release

 16:55 <sarnold> thanks to those who went before me and already filed a bunch of bugs :)

 16:55 <sarnold> I think that's it for me, chrisccoulson?

 16:56 <chrisccoulson> this week, i'm finishing off https://code.launchpad.net/~chrisccoulson/oxide/window-opening, which adds support for creating new webviews with window.open()

 16:57 <chrisccoulson> i'm also going to fix up the remaining issues on https://code.launchpad.net/~zaspire/oxide/lp_1259219/+merge/212330 (needed for webapps), as maxim is away this week and there's still some work to do on that

 16:57 <chrisccoulson> and then more code reviews (i got some of those done last week)

 16:57 <chrisccoulson> i think that's me done

 16:59 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Highlighted packages

 16:59 <jdstrand> The Ubuntu Security team will highlight some community-supported packages that might be good candidates for updating and or triaging. If you would like to help Ubuntu and not sure where to start, this is a great way to do so.

 16:59 <jdstrand> See https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/UpdateProcedures for details and if you have any questions, feel free to ask in #ubuntu-security. To find out other ways of helping out, please see https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/GettingInvolved.

 17:00 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/ibm-3270.html

 17:00 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/lxsession.html

 17:00 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/davfs2.html

 17:00 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/claws-mail.html

 17:00 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/ruby-will-paginate.html

 17:00 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Miscellaneous and Questions

 17:00 <jdstrand> Does anyone have any other questions or items to discuss?

 17:03 <jdstrand> mdeslaur, sbeattie, tyhicks, jjohansen, sarnold, ChrisCoulson: thanks!

 17:03 <jdstrand> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)