== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 25 Aug at 16:45 &mdash; 17:07 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2014/ubuntu-meeting.2014-08-25-16.45.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting 
=== Weekly stand-up report ===
The discussion about "Weekly stand-up report" started at 16:45.


=== Highlighted packages ===
The discussion about "Highlighted packages" started at 17:02.

  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/s3d.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/virtualbox-guest-additions-iso.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/snort.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/gcc-4.7-armel-cross.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/mpack.html 

=== Miscellaneous and Questions ===
The discussion about "Miscellaneous and Questions" started at 17:02.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * jdstrand (24)
 * sbeattie (9)
 * jjohansen (9)
 * tyhicks (6)
 * chrisccoulson (5)
 * sarnold (4)
 * meetingology (3)



== Full Log ==


 16:45 <jdstrand> #startmeeting

 16:45 <meetingology> Meeting started Mon Aug 25 16:45:23 2014 UTC.  The chair is jdstrand. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:45 <meetingology> 

 16:45 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 16:45 <jdstrand> The meeting agenda can be found at:

 16:45 <jdstrand> [LINK] https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting

 16:45 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Weekly stand-up report

 16:45 <jdstrand> I'll go first

 16:46 <jdstrand> I'm on triage this week

 16:46 <jdstrand> I've got an openjdk-7 regression sponsored update today

 16:46 <jdstrand> then it is doing whatever I can to help with the apparmor landing

 16:46 <jdstrand> sbeattie: you're up

 16:46 <sbeattie> I'm on apparmor this week.

 16:47 <sbeattie> I'm also doing whatever I can to get apparmor to land; currently that means I'm digging in to why networking permissions are not working correctly

 16:48 <sbeattie> after that, I'll be looking at the python utils to make them not throw a fit over the af_unix rules.

 16:48 <jdstrand> sbeattie: that dhclient one I mentioned?

 16:48 <sbeattie> yeah

 16:48 <sbeattie> I think it's also the source of some of the qrt networking failures.

 16:48 <jjohansen> yep

 16:49 <sbeattie> beyond that, it's testing and stepping wherever needed.

 16:49 <sbeattie> that's it for me. tyhicks?

 16:49 <tyhicks> I'm helping to land apparmor, as well

 16:49 <tyhicks> I'm currently updating the regression test suite to test the new functionality

 16:50 <tyhicks> then I'll sync up w/ jj to figure out what to do nex

 16:50 <tyhicks> t

 16:50 <tyhicks> that's it for me

 16:50 <tyhicks> jjohansen: you're up

 16:51 <jjohansen> I'm working on apparmor as well, there are still several kernel bugs to be fixed, and of course a few outstanding userspace issues as well

 16:52 <jjohansen> off the top of my head

 16:52 <jjohansen> - the tools, and log parsing haven't even been touched yet

 16:53 <sbeattie> jjohansen: yeah, log parsing is on my list.

 16:53 <jjohansen> I am off tuesday and wednesday this, I will actually be around for some of them but I am not sure of the schedule yet

 16:53 <jjohansen> oh and I am off next monday, but I expect most people are

 16:54 <jjohansen> I think that is it for me

 16:54 <jjohansen> sarnold: you

 16:54 <jjohansen> sarnold: you are up

 16:54 <sarnold> I'm on community this week

 16:56 <sarnold> I'll be reviewing some apparmor patches, doing some security updates, hopefully saying 'hello' to some of the debian apparmor users who are in town for debconf

 16:57 <sarnold> if there's much time left over, it'd be nice to finish up a MIR that's been in progress for a while

 16:57 <sarnold> I think that's it for me, chrisccoulson?

 16:59 <chrisccoulson> It's a public holiday here today, although I've been working because the weather is absolutely awful. This week, I'm finishing off the SSL status API for oxide - I pushed some bits to here last week: https://code.launchpad.net/~chrisccoulson/oxide/ssl-status-api

 17:00 <chrisccoulson> I'm still working on the notification part of the API (which will give embedders the option to override SSL errors or display blocked content)

 17:00 <chrisccoulson> I've also got some tests to write

 17:01 <chrisccoulson> I'm expecting a new chromium release as well (which means a new oxide release too)

 17:01 <chrisccoulson> that's me done

 17:01 <jdstrand> jeez, we just had one :)

 17:02 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Highlighted packages

 17:02 <jdstrand> The Ubuntu Security team will highlight some community-supported packages that might be good candidates for updating and or triaging. If you would like to help Ubuntu and not sure where to start, this is a great way to do so.

 17:02 <jdstrand> See https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/UpdateProcedures for details and if you have any questions, feel free to ask in #ubuntu-security. To find out other ways of helping out, please see https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/GettingInvolved.

 17:02 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/s3d.html

 17:02 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/virtualbox-guest-additions-iso.html

 17:02 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/snort.html

 17:02 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/gcc-4.7-armel-cross.html

 17:02 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/mpack.html

 17:02 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Miscellaneous and Questions

 17:02 <jdstrand> Does anyone have any other questions or items to discuss?

 17:07 <jdstrand> sbeattie, tyhicks, jjohansen, sarnold, chrisccoulson: thanks!

 17:07 <jdstrand> #ndmeeting

 17:07 <sbeattie> jdstrand: thank you!

 17:07 <jdstrand> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)