== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status meeting, started by cpaelzer, 01 Apr at 14:30 &mdash; 15:00 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2025/ubuntu-meeting.2025-04-01-14.30.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== current component mismatches ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 14:30.

 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg   (cpaelzer, 14:30)
 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg   (cpaelzer, 14:30)
 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/ruby-rack/+bug/2105498   (cpaelzer, 14:33)

=== New MIRs ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 14:34.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=NEW&field.status%3Alist=CONFIRMED&assignee_option=none&field.assignee=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (cpaelzer, 14:34)

=== Incomplete bugs / questions ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 14:36.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (cpaelzer, 14:36)
 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/rust-sequoia-sqv/+bug/2089690   (cpaelzer, 14:36)

=== Process/Documentation improvements ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 14:37.

 * ''LINK:'' https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/pulls   (cpaelzer, 14:37)
 * ''LINK:'' https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/issues   (cpaelzer, 14:37)
 * ''LINK:'' https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/issues/80   (cpaelzer, 14:42)
 * ''LINK:'' https://git.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-core-dev/ubuntu-seeds/+git/ubuntu/tree/supported#n112   (cpaelzer, 14:43)

=== MIR related Security Review Queue ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 14:47.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-security/+bugs?field.searchtext=%5BMIR%5D&assignee_option=choose&field.assignee=ubuntu-security&field.bug_reporter=&field.bug_commenter=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir&orderby=-date_last_updated&start=0   (cpaelzer, 14:47)
 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-security/+bugs?field.searchtext=[MIR]&assignee_option=choose&field.assignee=ubuntu-security&field.bug_reporter=&field.bug_commenter=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir&orderby=-date_last_updated&start=0   (cpaelzer, 14:47)
 * ''LINK:'' https://warthogs.atlassian.net/jira/software/c/projects/SEC/boards/594   (cpaelzer, 14:47)
 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+bug/2072561/ rust-hwlib we had some concerns that the vendored deps were apparently pretty old  (sarnold, 14:50)

=== Any other business? ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 14:56.




== People present (lines said) ==

 * cpaelzer (112)
 * sarnold (15)
 * slyon (12)
 * pushkarnk (9)
 * joalif (3)
 * mylesjp (3)
 * meetingology (2)
 * jbicha (2)



== Full log ==


 14:30 <cpaelzer> #startmeeting Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status

 14:30 <meetingology> Meeting started at 14:30:45 UTC.  The chair is cpaelzer.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 14:30 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 14:30 <cpaelzer> Ping for MIR meeting - didrocks joalif slyon sarnold cpaelzer jamespage pushkarnk ( dviererbe )

 14:30 <cpaelzer> #topic current component mismatches

 14:30 <cpaelzer> Mission: Identify required actions and spread the load among the teams

 14:30 <cpaelzer> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg

 14:30 <cpaelzer> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg

 14:31 <cpaelzer> Most of what we see is the ruby stuff in proposed

 14:31 <cpaelzer> which is not meant to land

 14:32 <cpaelzer> removals gonna be filed as mentioned, but TBH they could stay as well

 14:32 <cpaelzer> the rest is false positives

 14:32 <cpaelzer> and the churn a new kernel has for a while

 14:33 <joalif> o/

 14:33 <cpaelzer> which means next week this will be all clean other than false-positives

 14:33 <cpaelzer> \o/

 14:33 <cpaelzer> yay

 14:33 <cpaelzer> FTR https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/pcs/+bug/2103795

 14:33 <cpaelzer> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/ruby-rack/+bug/2105498

 14:33 <cpaelzer> I'll act on them tomorrow or if we are quick

 14:34 <cpaelzer> #topic New MIRs

 14:34 <cpaelzer> Mission: ensure to assign all incoming reviews for fast processing

 14:34 <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=NEW&field.status%3Alist=CONFIRMED&assignee_option=none&field.assignee=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 14:34 <cpaelzer> One new case https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/pdfio/+bug/2103648

 14:34 <pushkarnk> cpaelzer: I can pick this up

 14:35 <cpaelzer> nice

 14:35 <slyon> pushkarnk: I can double-check your findings, as discussed earlier :)

 14:35 <pushkarnk> sure :D

 14:35 <sarnold> does pdfio require feature freeze exception and all that?

 14:35 <cpaelzer> perfect, just what I wanted to ask

 14:35 <cpaelzer> "Ubuntu 25.10 at the earliest"

 14:35 <slyon> sarnold: it's targetted for 25.10

 14:35 <sarnold> ah yay

 14:36 <cpaelzer> ok, next topic (finally a calm meeting so deep into feature freeze)

 14:36 <cpaelzer> #topic Incomplete bugs / questions

 14:36 <cpaelzer> Mission: Identify required actions and spread the load among the teams

 14:36 <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 14:36 <sarnold> very early rather than very late :) hehe

 14:36 <cpaelzer> one with recent updates

 14:36 <cpaelzer> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/rust-sequoia-sqv/+bug/2089690

 14:37 <cpaelzer> which was expiring

 14:37 <cpaelzer> no action

 14:37 <cpaelzer> #topic Process/Documentation improvements

 14:37 <cpaelzer> Mission: Review pending process/documentation pull-requests or issues

 14:37 <cpaelzer> #link https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/pulls

 14:37 <cpaelzer> #link https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/issues

 14:37 <cpaelzer> First: https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/pull/82

 14:38 <cpaelzer> Seth Said ack as well

 14:38 <cpaelzer> I only had one minor change I asked for

 14:38 <cpaelzer> I'd be in the mood to apply my suggested change and merge it

 14:38 <cpaelzer> opinions?

 14:38 <slyon> go for it

 14:39 <slyon> \o/

 14:39 <cpaelzer> next: https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/pull/79

 14:39 <cpaelzer> My goal would be to change to that when we are at the sprint

 14:40 <cpaelzer> not disrupting the remaining "finalize 25.04 frenzy"

 14:40 <cpaelzer> but then new mode for the new cycle

 14:40 <cpaelzer> does that work for all of you?

 14:40 <mylesjp> works for me

 14:40 <slyon> I like the idea!

 14:40 <pushkarnk> yes

 14:40 <cpaelzer> sarnold: and joalif: we need your matrix users then

 14:40 <cpaelzer> could you provide them on the PR by then so that I can integrate it to the changes?

 14:41 <joalif> i need to remember my user first, but sure will do :)

 14:41 <cpaelzer> thanks

 14:42 <cpaelzer> next topic worth to discuss

 14:42 <cpaelzer> https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/issues/80

 14:42 <cpaelzer> sarnold: opened that

 14:42 <cpaelzer> sarnold: we didn't "decided to skip formal review of this class of packages for main"

 14:42 <cpaelzer> instead Ubuntu decided that BD-only depends do not need to be in main

 14:43 <cpaelzer> I agree to the task being "find the discussion, summarize and reference it"

 14:43 <cpaelzer> The reference you have is not for BDs but for packages that we promote

 14:43 <cpaelzer> https://git.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-core-dev/ubuntu-seeds/+git/ubuntu/tree/supported#n112

 14:43 <cpaelzer> there is auto-promotion and this list of excludes to avoid it

 14:43 <cpaelzer> different topic

 14:45 <cpaelzer> If anyone likes to prep a PR to explain, happy about it

 14:45 <cpaelzer> I personally would delay this until all the archive handling docs are united in one place

 14:45 <cpaelzer> As i assume there as fragments of it in other places already

 14:45 <cpaelzer> just hard to search as of today

 14:46 <cpaelzer> ok, you all might have fallen asleep

 14:46 <cpaelzer> RRRRRIIIIINNNNGG

 14:46 <sarnold> I don't want to go to school today ..

 14:47 * sarnold zz zz zz

 14:47 <cpaelzer> hehe

 14:47 <cpaelzer> TBH, let me go on

 14:47 <cpaelzer> we already said we are happy this is a light meeting for once

 14:47 <cpaelzer> #topic MIR related Security Review Queue

 14:47 <cpaelzer> Mission: Check on progress, do deadlines seem doable?

 14:47 <cpaelzer> Some clients can only work with one, some with the other escaping - the URLs point to the same place.

 14:47 <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-security/+bugs?field.searchtext=%5BMIR%5D&assignee_option=choose&field.assignee=ubuntu-security&field.bug_reporter=&field.bug_commenter=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir&orderby=-date_last_updated&start=0

 14:47 <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-security/+bugs?field.searchtext=[MIR]&assignee_option=choose&field.assignee=ubuntu-security&field.bug_reporter=&field.bug_commenter=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir&orderby=-date_last_updated&start=0

 14:47 <cpaelzer> Internal link

 14:47 <cpaelzer> - ensure your teams items are prioritized among each other as you'd expect

 14:47 <cpaelzer> - ensure community requests do not get stomped by teams calling for favors too much

 14:47 <cpaelzer> #link https://warthogs.atlassian.net/jira/software/c/projects/SEC/boards/594

 14:48 <cpaelzer> sarnold: how are the two active ones goinng on

 14:48 <cpaelzer> jpeg-xl and rust-hwlib?

 14:48 <cpaelzer> I have more things to ask, but wait for the answer on this ^^

 14:49 <slyon> sarnold: also, https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/tracker-miners/+bug/2099160 seems to be missing a sec-* tag

 14:49 <cpaelzer> indeed

 14:50 <sarnold> yeah, I don't know where I missed this one :/

 14:50 <slyon> well, I think it's new  as of this week. So all good!

 14:50 <cpaelzer> just add it now

 14:50 <sarnold> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+bug/2072561/ rust-hwlib we had some concerns that the vendored deps were apparently pretty old

 14:50 <cpaelzer> oh yeah, I've seen that

 14:51 <cpaelzer> I've replied to further clarify that the efforts of keeping them up to date is ont he owning team

 14:51 <cpaelzer> and in this case that is the same for packaging and upstream

 14:51 <cpaelzer> I hope that helps and created a breakout for the sprint in case it is unclear unless we talk in person

 14:52 <cpaelzer> and https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/jpeg-xl/+bug/2070882 is blocked

 14:52 <cpaelzer> according to the last statements

 14:52 <cpaelzer> waiting for upstream to engage with us on it

 14:53 <cpaelzer> two more questions out of the ongoing security cases

 14:53 <sarnold> it does look like it was pulled in https://github.com/libjxl/libjxl/pull/4111

 14:53 <cpaelzer> oh was it

 14:53 <cpaelzer> so Desktop could merge and go on next time they are on it?

 14:53 <cpaelzer> jbicha: ^^ (FYI)

 14:53 <sarnold> I'll poke sudhackar to see what else is necessary, if anything

 14:53 <cpaelzer> great

 14:54 <sarnold> and poked

 14:55 <cpaelzer> next

 14:55 <cpaelzer> sarnold: in regard to https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/lenovo-wwan-unlock/+bug/2058192

 14:55 <sarnold> and localsearch https://warthogs.atlassian.net/browse/SEC-6047

 14:55 <cpaelzer> this seems incomplete and waiting

 14:55 <slyon> thx!

 14:55 <cpaelzer> since nothing moves I wonder if we should drop it from the overviews

 14:55 <cpaelzer> up to you sarnold

 14:56 <cpaelzer> That seems to conclude all we had

 14:56 <cpaelzer> #topic Any other business?

 14:56 <cpaelzer> nothing else from my/server side

 14:56 <jbicha> yes, I'm still able to land enabling jpeg-xl if the MIR is complete this week. I need to get the FFe approved for it then too. This week leaves time before Final Freeze

 14:57 <jbicha> nothing else from me :)

 14:57 <cpaelzer> nice, good luck with it jbicha

 14:57 <sarnold> nothing from me

 14:57 <cpaelzer> I like having more image formats

 14:57 <pushkarnk> cpaelzer: for my curiosity, can you point me to the source code of component-mismatches

 14:57 <slyon> nothing here

 14:57 <joalif> nothing here

 14:57 <mylesjp> nothing here

 14:58 <cpaelzer> pushkarnk: I'll get you a link after the meeting, but be warned those who look at it need to fix it

 14:58 <pushkarnk> haha

 14:58 <pushkarnk> cpaelzer: thanks !

 14:58 <slyon> I've found something here: https://git.launchpad.net/ubuntu-archive-tools/tree/component-mismatches

 14:59 <slyon> (not sure if it's the right thing, though)

 14:59 <sarnold> pushkarnk: thanks for fixing up component-mismatches :)

 14:59 * sarnold runs

 14:59 <pushkarnk> :)

 14:59 <cpaelzer> see you all

 14:59 <pushkarnk> slyon: ack, thanks!

 15:00 <pushkarnk> thank you all

 15:00 <cpaelzer> get some numbers

 15:00 <slyon> thanks cpaelzer, all!

 15:00 <cpaelzer> 968484846

 15:00 <mylesjp> thanks all!

 15:00 <sarnold> thanks cpaelzer, all :)

 15:00 <cpaelzer> 646513

 15:00 <cpaelzer> +7864

 15:00 <cpaelzer> bye

 15:00 <cpaelzer> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)