== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status meeting, started by cpaelzer, 11 Mar at 15:30 &mdash; 15:59 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2025/ubuntu-meeting.2025-03-11-15.30.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== current component mismatches ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 15:31.

 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg   (cpaelzer, 15:31)
 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg   (cpaelzer, 15:31)

=== New MIRs ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 15:42.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=NEW&field.status%3Alist=CONFIRMED&assignee_option=none&field.assignee=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (cpaelzer, 15:42)
 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/tinysparql/+bug/2099086   (cpaelzer, 15:43)
 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/nghttp3/+bug/2098797   (cpaelzer, 15:46)

=== Incomplete bugs / questions ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 15:50.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (cpaelzer, 15:50)

=== Process/Documentation improvements ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 15:50.

 * ''LINK:'' https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/pulls   (cpaelzer, 15:50)
 * ''LINK:'' https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/issues   (cpaelzer, 15:50)

=== MIR related Security Review Queue ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 15:51.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-security/+bugs?field.searchtext=%5BMIR%5D&assignee_option=choose&field.assignee=ubuntu-security&field.bug_reporter=&field.bug_commenter=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (cpaelzer, 15:51)
 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-security/+bugs?field.searchtext=[MIR]&assignee_option=choose&field.assignee=ubuntu-security&field.bug_reporter=&field.bug_commenter=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (cpaelzer, 15:51)
 * ''LINK:'' https://warthogs.atlassian.net/jira/software/c/projects/SEC/boards/594   (cpaelzer, 15:51)

=== Any other business? ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 15:54.

 * ''LINK:'' https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/announcing-meetingology-matrix-edition/56734   (jbicha, 15:56)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * cpaelzer (109)
 * jbicha (9)
 * ebarretto (8)
 * joalif (3)
 * pushkarnk (3)
 * meetingology (2)
 * utkarsh2102 (2)



== Full log ==


 15:30 <cpaelzer> #startmeeting Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status

 15:30 <meetingology> Meeting started at 15:30:00 UTC.  The chair is cpaelzer.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 15:30 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 15:30 <cpaelzer> Ping for MIR meeting - didrocks joalif slyon sarnold cpaelzer jamespage pushkarnk ( dviererbe )

 15:30 <joalif> o/

 15:30 <cpaelzer> wait a minute to start

 15:30 <pushkarnk> o/

 15:31 <cpaelzer> it is freeze time for a while

 15:31 <cpaelzer> finally the list should be shorter?

 15:31 <cpaelzer> #topic current component mismatches

 15:31 <cpaelzer> Mission: Identify required actions and spread the load among the teams

 15:31 <cpaelzer> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg

 15:31 <cpaelzer> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg

 15:31 <cpaelzer> it is

 15:32 <utkarsh2102> note to help: move away from ubuntu-archive_ to archive-help_

 15:32 <utkarsh2102> s/help/myself/g

 15:32 <cpaelzer> sure utkarsh2102 :-)

 15:32 <cpaelzer> ok what do we have open

 15:32 <cpaelzer> libsass which was in discussion last few times

 15:33 <joalif> that should be in for sec review

 15:33 <cpaelzer> waiting for https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/libsass/+bug/2095582 on sec

 15:33 <cpaelzer> yep

 15:33 <cpaelzer> ok

 15:33 <cpaelzer> nothing to act on now

 15:34 <cpaelzer> ruby-rack/ruby-rackup is worked on by Renan, not yet ready for the team

 15:35 <cpaelzer> pytohn-passlib -> legacycrypt

 15:35 <cpaelzer> is that the deprecated crypt of python that is gone in 3.13?

 15:36 <cpaelzer> jamespage: in case you still see this who would we ping instead?

 15:36 <cpaelzer> Sending a mail to Billy ...

 15:37 <cpaelzer> done

 15:37 <cpaelzer> hmm, why is libpisp still waiting ...

 15:38 <cpaelzer> Oh it is just not picked up by anyone yet

 15:38 <cpaelzer> I'll promote that tomorrow - ok pushkarnk ?

 15:38 <pushkarnk> ack

 15:39 <cpaelzer> ok

 15:39 <cpaelzer> and xterm actually was done

 15:40 <cpaelzer> It is only in false positives now

 15:41 <cpaelzer> last

 15:41 <cpaelzer> xdg-desktop-portal -> fonts-inter

 15:41 <cpaelzer> I feel we had that in the past

 15:41 <cpaelzer> [16:31] <jbicha> I plan to handle fonts-inter this week, sorry for delay

 15:41 <cpaelzer> that was last week

 15:41 <cpaelzer> jbicha: I'll keep it with you until you have the time for it

 15:42 <cpaelzer> #topic New MIRs

 15:42 <cpaelzer> Mission: ensure to assign all incoming reviews for fast processing

 15:42 <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=NEW&field.status%3Alist=CONFIRMED&assignee_option=none&field.assignee=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 15:42 <jbicha> yes, I updated the seed today at least for fonts-inter, but the report didn't update for it yet

 15:42 <cpaelzer> ok, thanks

 15:43 <cpaelzer> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/tinysparql/+bug/2099086

 15:43 <cpaelzer> this is already assigned to joalif

 15:43 <cpaelzer> it has two further tasks which are not really open - are they?

 15:43 <cpaelzer> nautilus?

 15:43 <jbicha> could tinysparql be promoted to main now?

 15:44 <cpaelzer> yes

 15:44 <cpaelzer> can we make the nautilus and tracker-miners bug tasks incomplete or anything not NEW?

 15:44 <jbicha> thank you. nautilus was only added for the excuses report to explain why it couldn't migrate yet

 15:44 <cpaelzer> yeah i expected it was only for tracking

 15:44 <jbicha> we can probably remove them actually

 15:45 <cpaelzer> I'll remove once I fixed it by promoting

 15:45 <ebarretto> I'm here if you need anything from security, I think Seth didn't join yet

 15:45 <cpaelzer> then all should resolve in one pass

 15:45 <cpaelzer> thank you ebarretto, you are up in a few

 15:46 <jbicha> I'll follow up with the release team to ignore the tracker autopkgtest failures which would block tinysparql from migrating

 15:46 <cpaelzer> OK

 15:46 <cpaelzer> next case

 15:46 <cpaelzer> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/nghttp3/+bug/2098797

 15:46 <cpaelzer> brought up by community, not urgent more for next cycle

 15:46 <cpaelzer> but needs a reviewer

 15:46 <cpaelzer> since this seems to become server owned it should not be me

 15:47 <cpaelzer> and joalif already has a case

 15:47 <cpaelzer> didrocks: could I lean to you for that

 15:49 <cpaelzer> for now I'm assuming I can and do so ...

 15:49 <cpaelzer> sorry - interrupt

 15:50 <cpaelzer> #topic Incomplete bugs / questions

 15:50 <cpaelzer> Mission: Identify required actions and spread the load among the teams

 15:50 <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 15:50 <cpaelzer> all known cases

 15:50 <cpaelzer> BTW slyon is in another meeting - due to TZ issues we split today

 15:50 <cpaelzer> #topic Process/Documentation improvements

 15:50 <cpaelzer> Mission: Review pending process/documentation pull-requests or issues

 15:50 <cpaelzer> #link https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/pulls

 15:50 <cpaelzer> #link https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/issues

 15:51 <cpaelzer> nothing new

 15:51 <cpaelzer> #topic MIR related Security Review Queue

 15:51 <cpaelzer> Mission: Check on progress, do deadlines seem doable?

 15:51 <cpaelzer> Some clients can only work with one, some with the other escaping - the URLs point to the same place.

 15:51 <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-security/+bugs?field.searchtext=%5BMIR%5D&assignee_option=choose&field.assignee=ubuntu-security&field.bug_reporter=&field.bug_commenter=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 15:51 <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-security/+bugs?field.searchtext=[MIR]&assignee_option=choose&field.assignee=ubuntu-security&field.bug_reporter=&field.bug_commenter=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 15:51 <cpaelzer> Internal link

 15:51 <cpaelzer> - ensure your teams items are prioritized among each other as you'd expect

 15:51 <cpaelzer> - ensure community requests do not get stomped by teams calling for favors too much

 15:51 <cpaelzer> #link https://warthogs.atlassian.net/jira/software/c/projects/SEC/boards/594

 15:51 <cpaelzer> ebarretto:  now it is your time

 15:51 <cpaelzer> how do things go on

 15:51 <cpaelzer> are things in these kanban lanes making progress?

 15:52 <ebarretto> yes, we have glycin almost done, probably to be done this week still, not necessary for 25.04 though

 15:52 <ebarretto> Hlib is also making good progress with azure-vm-utils there

 15:52 <cpaelzer> glad to hear

 15:52 <ebarretto> we have a few still in the backlog, we are trying to get people to jump to them

 15:53 <cpaelzer> I was just about to ask

 15:53 <ebarretto> we have 3 in the backlog if I'm checking correctly

 15:53 <cpaelzer> well, thank you for continuing to get them reviewed timely and for stepping in for Seth today

 15:53 <ebarretto> would be rust-hwlib, libva and nlohmann-json3

 15:53 <cpaelzer> AFAICS it is 4

 15:54 <cpaelzer> openscap is your own and held back intentionally

 15:54 <cpaelzer> but provd?

 15:54 <ebarretto> provd is only needed for next cycle

 15:54 <cpaelzer> OK then

 15:54 <cpaelzer> no need for me to load it :-)

 15:54 <cpaelzer> Ready to go on

 15:54 <cpaelzer> #topic Any other business?

 15:54 <jbicha> yes, provd isn't for 25.04 but I don't know the status more than that

 15:54 <ebarretto> openscap we probably will drop it, we might discuss it in frankfurt

 15:55 <cpaelzer> yeah it needs a yes/no call after all the time

 15:55 <cpaelzer> nothing from me

 15:55 <joalif> nothing from me

 15:55 <pushkarnk> nothing for me either

 15:55 <jbicha> nothing from me

 15:56 <cpaelzer> I was pondering about matrix for this, but there is no meeting bot yet. I assume community will tell us when we should consider it

 15:56 <cpaelzer> If anyone is more in a hurry please need to drive it :-)

 15:56 <jbicha> https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/announcing-meetingology-matrix-edition/56734

 15:57 <jbicha> I don't know anything else more about it

 15:57 <cpaelzer> I wondered is I missed it for ages

 15:57 <cpaelzer> but it is 2 days old - *relief*

 15:57 <cpaelzer> I'll give it a read and build my opinion

 15:57 <cpaelzer> you all might want to

 15:57 <cpaelzer> thanks

 15:57 <cpaelzer> anything else?

 15:59 <cpaelzer> considering this to be a no

 15:59 <cpaelzer> actually all here today said no already

 15:59 <cpaelzer> thanks jbicha for the link

 15:59 <cpaelzer> let me fetch some random numbers for you today

 15:59 <cpaelzer> 61315

 15:59 <cpaelzer> 18712

 15:59 <cpaelzer> and out

 15:59 <cpaelzer> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)