== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status meeting, started by cpaelzer, 04 Feb at 15:37 &mdash; 16:01 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2025/ubuntu-meeting.2025-02-04-15.37.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== current component mismatches ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 15:37.

 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg   (cpaelzer, 15:37)
 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg   (cpaelzer, 15:37)
 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/ruby3.3/+bug/1556608   (slyon, 15:38)

=== New MIRs ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 15:42.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=NEW&field.status%3Alist=CONFIRMED&assignee_option=none&field.assignee=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (cpaelzer, 15:42)
 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/libpisp/+bug/2093321 seemed to be done  (cpaelzer, 15:43)
 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/libsass-python/+bug/2095581   (cpaelzer, 15:44)
 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/ubuntu-x13s-settings/+bug/2095536   (cpaelzer, 15:44)

=== Incomplete bugs / questions ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 15:51.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (cpaelzer, 15:51)
 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/raspi-utils/+bug/2094805   (cpaelzer, 15:51)
 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/ruby-json/+bug/1178274   (cpaelzer, 15:52)
 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/nlohmann-json3/+bug/2093868   (cpaelzer, 15:52)

=== Process/Documentation improvements ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 15:53.

 * ''LINK:'' https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/pulls   (cpaelzer, 15:53)
 * ''LINK:'' https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/issues   (cpaelzer, 15:53)

=== MIR related Security Review Queue ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 15:54.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-security/+bugs?field.searchtext=%5BMIR%5D&assignee_option=choose&field.assignee=ubuntu-security&field.bug_reporter=&field.bug_commenter=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (cpaelzer, 15:54)
 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-security/+bugs?field.searchtext=[MIR]&assignee_option=choose&field.assignee=ubuntu-security&field.bug_reporter=&field.bug_commenter=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (cpaelzer, 15:54)
 * ''LINK:'' https://warthogs.atlassian.net/jira/software/c/projects/SEC/boards/594   (cpaelzer, 15:54)

=== Any other business? ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 15:58.




== People present (lines said) ==

 * cpaelzer (110)
 * sarnold (21)
 * slyon (10)
 * joalif (3)
 * meetingology (2)



== Full log ==


 15:37 <cpaelzer> #startmeeting Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status

 15:37 <meetingology> Meeting started at 15:37:15 UTC.  The chair is cpaelzer.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 15:37 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 15:37 <cpaelzer> finally with some delay

 15:37 <cpaelzer> at least everyone seems to be aroung already \o/ .-)

 15:37 <cpaelzer> Ping for MIR meeting - didrocks joalif slyon sarnold cpaelzer jamespage ( dviererbe )

 15:37 <cpaelzer> #topic current component mismatches

 15:37 <cpaelzer> Mission: Identify required actions and spread the load among the teams

 15:37 <cpaelzer> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg

 15:37 <cpaelzer> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg

 15:38 <cpaelzer> I see ruby sinatra, which slyon carried to the team and renan is working on

 15:38 <cpaelzer> I do not remember ruby-did-you-mean, is that new slyon?

 15:38 <slyon> no that's old, IIRC i created a bug about that, too... trying to find it right now

 15:38 <slyon> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/ruby3.3/+bug/1556608

 15:39 <slyon> I mis tagged it..

 15:39 <cpaelzer> and mis-subscribed

 15:40 <cpaelzer> fixed and pinged renan

 15:40 <slyon> yep.. must have been late :P

 15:40 <slyon> thx!

 15:40 <cpaelzer> hehe

 15:40 <cpaelzer> now in proposed what do we have there

 15:40 <cpaelzer> freeradiuis wtpmdb is being worked on

 15:41 <cpaelzer> horizon-libsass has bugs upen

 15:41 <cpaelzer> realtime things, hmm - anyone from the kernel team around?

 15:42 <cpaelzer> let us not waste time waiting for one and just see if the realtime case goes away

 15:42 <cpaelzer> more ruby to the right, on us :-/

 15:42 <sarnold> heh

 15:42 <cpaelzer> jemalloc might be intersting, let us put that to AOB

 15:42 <cpaelzer> #topic New MIRs

 15:42 <cpaelzer> Mission: ensure to assign all incoming reviews for fast processing

 15:42 <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=NEW&field.status%3Alist=CONFIRMED&assignee_option=none&field.assignee=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 15:42 <cpaelzer> making sure nothing gets stuck, what is in there ...

 15:43 <cpaelzer> let me drop MIR from did-you-mean

 15:43 <cpaelzer> it is not yet ready

 15:43 <slyon> ok

 15:43 <cpaelzer> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/libpisp/+bug/2093321 seemed to be done

 15:43 <cpaelzer> all I wanted was symbols files

 15:43 <cpaelzer> I can verify and promote that

 15:43 <cpaelzer> not a real review

 15:44 <cpaelzer> now the two actual ones

 15:44 <cpaelzer> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/libsass-python/+bug/2095581

 15:44 <cpaelzer> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/ubuntu-x13s-settings/+bug/2095536

 15:44 <cpaelzer> any volunteers for these reviews?

 15:44 <sarnold> what's the quick way to tell if pyscss will drop to universe with this change?

 15:44 <cpaelzer> sarnold: to check if something else will hold it in - no?

 15:45 <slyon> I can take x13s-settings

 15:45 <cpaelzer> thanks slyon

 15:45 <sarnold> cpaelzer: yeah.. I don't have an easy apt environment set up for devel, and was wondering if there's a shortcut :)

 15:45 <cpaelzer> joalif: up for some CSS in libsass?

 15:45 <joalif> i can do libsass-python

 15:45 <cpaelzer> thanks joalif

 15:45 <cpaelzer> I can run that sarnold, just a sec

 15:46 <sarnold> thanks :)

 15:47 <cpaelzer> sarnold: https://dpaste.com/4ZP5TUZPK

 15:47 <cpaelzer> python-django-pyscss

 15:47 <sarnold> TIL a new tool :)

 15:48 <cpaelzer> I learned about it being more thoroughly when removing a package by accident :-/

 15:49 <cpaelzer> sarnold: so the question there is if python-django-pyscss is only there for python3-django-horizon which is still horizon

 15:49 <cpaelzer> TL;DR there is a chance it can drop

 15:49 <cpaelzer> but it needs more than meeting time to sort out

 15:49 <cpaelzer> at least no 20 other dependencies to it

 15:49 <sarnold> yay

 15:49 <sarnold> is checkrdepends-follow-provides a local git branch that's still more thorough than what's checked in?

 15:50 <cpaelzer> It used to be, merged since a week

 15:50 <sarnold> \o/

 15:50 <cpaelzer> that is for rust and similar ecosystems, which build-depend on a provides - that would formerly not been found on removal bugs for archive admins

 15:50 <sarnold> thanks for the detour

 15:50 <sarnold> owwwww

 15:50 <cpaelzer> and I do not want to accidentially break reverse dependencies just because they hide  :-)

 15:51 <cpaelzer> #topic Incomplete bugs / questions

 15:51 <cpaelzer> Mission: Identify required actions and spread the load among the teams

 15:51 <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 15:51 <cpaelzer> 3 recent touches

 15:51 <cpaelzer> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/raspi-utils/+bug/2094805

 15:51 <cpaelzer> slyon: they seem to have done some of your requests

 15:52 <slyon> I can take an action item to double check those comments

 15:52 <cpaelzer> maybe ping them if this is ready to recheck

 15:52 <cpaelzer> yeah

 15:52 <cpaelzer> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/ruby-json/+bug/1178274

 15:52 <cpaelzer> ok, that seems to be solved with a delta not depending on the package+provides name conflict

 15:52 <cpaelzer> ok

 15:52 <cpaelzer> no action

 15:52 <cpaelzer> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/nlohmann-json3/+bug/2093868

 15:53 <cpaelzer> ok, again pragynsh being a very good citizen (thanks BTW!) following on the requests that didrocks had

 15:53 <cpaelzer> no action for today

 15:53 <sarnold> :D

 15:53 <cpaelzer> rushing a bit due to the time and me starting late

 15:53 <cpaelzer> #topic Process/Documentation improvements

 15:53 <cpaelzer> Mission: Review pending process/documentation pull-requests or issues

 15:53 <cpaelzer> #link https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/pulls

 15:53 <cpaelzer> #link https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/issues

 15:53 <cpaelzer> all old or drafts

 15:54 <cpaelzer> except https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/pull/77

 15:54 <cpaelzer> approved with nit-pick

 15:54 <slyon> I reviewed an OEM thing this morning

 15:54 <cpaelzer> I can fix and merge tomorrow

 15:54 <cpaelzer> thanks slyon

 15:54 <cpaelzer> and now some minutes for security to tell us that the queue moves now :-)

 15:54 <cpaelzer> #topic MIR related Security Review Queue

 15:54 <cpaelzer> Mission: Check on progress, do deadlines seem doable?

 15:54 <cpaelzer> Some clients can only work with one, some with the other escaping - the URLs point to the same place.

 15:54 <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-security/+bugs?field.searchtext=%5BMIR%5D&assignee_option=choose&field.assignee=ubuntu-security&field.bug_reporter=&field.bug_commenter=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 15:54 <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-security/+bugs?field.searchtext=[MIR]&assignee_option=choose&field.assignee=ubuntu-security&field.bug_reporter=&field.bug_commenter=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 15:54 <cpaelzer> Internal link

 15:54 <cpaelzer> - ensure your teams items are prioritized among each other as you'd expect

 15:54 <cpaelzer> - ensure community requests do not get stomped by teams calling for favors too much

 15:54 <cpaelzer> #link https://warthogs.atlassian.net/jira/software/c/projects/SEC/boards/594

 15:55 <sarnold> we have assigned some MIRs to new team joiners :) hooray progress, but it might be slow

 15:55 <cpaelzer> swing the whip

 15:55 <sarnold> turnover is of course complicating everything :(

 15:55 <cpaelzer> feature freeze is close

 15:55 <cpaelzer> but I understand that the turnover is not making this easy

 15:55 <cpaelzer> speaking of which - it might be time for https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/jemalloc/+bug/2088056

 15:56 <sarnold> four minutes :) ambitious

 15:56 <cpaelzer> Mark shared some concerns, then said it is actually appropriate

 15:56 <cpaelzer> but it didn't leave security evaluation with either NACK or ACK

 15:56 <cpaelzer> do we need to reassign this one sarnold?

 15:56 <sarnold> cpaelzer: heh if this is assigned to mark, yes :(

 15:57 <sarnold> cpaelzer: I thought this was more a drive-by an architecture enthusiast

 15:57 <cpaelzer> oh right, the board says Giampolo

 15:57 <cpaelzer> sorry for the distraction then

 15:57 <sarnold> ah good

 15:58 <cpaelzer> ok then.- real AOB

 15:58 <cpaelzer> wishing you luck to gain progress on these reviews sarnold!

 15:58 <cpaelzer> #topic Any other business?

 15:58 <sarnold> eslerm's last day is friday, should you wish to say hi, now's the easy time to do it :)

 15:58 <cpaelzer> nothing but the jemallic from me

 15:58 <joalif> :'(

 15:59 <cpaelzer> I wish to say hi not in a rush but continuously, I hope he's not fully disconnecting from Ubuntu

 15:59 <slyon> nothing for me

 15:59 <sarnold> yeah, huge bag of mixed feelings on this. I'm excited for his new opportunity but *wow* a big loss for me.

 15:59 <sarnold> cpaelzer: completely understood :)

 16:00 <joalif> nothing for me

 16:00 <cpaelzer> ok then

 16:00 <cpaelzer> let me hand you some entropy

 16:00 <cpaelzer> 32

 16:00 <cpaelzer> 756

 16:00 <cpaelzer> 23

 16:00 <cpaelzer> 23

 16:00 <cpaelzer> 468

 16:00 <cpaelzer> bad entropy to be clear

 16:00 <cpaelzer> one real one with my D20

 16:00 <cpaelzer> 19

 16:00 <sarnold> :D

 16:01 <cpaelzer> and out

 16:01 <cpaelzer> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)