== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status meeting, started by slyon, 15 Apr at 14:30 &mdash; 14:42 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2025/ubuntu-meeting.2025-04-15-14.30.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== current component mismatches ===

Discussion started by slyon at 14:30.

 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg   (slyon, 14:30)
 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg   (slyon, 14:30)

=== New MIRs ===

Discussion started by slyon at 14:32.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=NEW&field.status%3Alist=CONFIRMED&assignee_option=none&field.assignee=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (slyon, 14:32)

=== Incomplete bugs / questions ===

Discussion started by slyon at 14:34.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (slyon, 14:34)

=== Process/Documentation improvements ===

Discussion started by slyon at 14:35.

 * ''LINK:'' https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/pulls   (slyon, 14:35)
 * ''LINK:'' https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/issues   (slyon, 14:35)

=== MIR related Security Review Queue ===

Discussion started by slyon at 14:38.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-security/+bugs?field.searchtext=%5BMIR%5D&assignee_option=choose&field.assignee=ubuntu-security&field.bug_reporter=&field.bug_commenter=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir&orderby=-date_last_updated&start=0   (slyon, 14:38)
 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-security/+bugs?field.searchtext=[MIR]&assignee_option=choose&field.assignee=ubuntu-security&field.bug_reporter=&field.bug_commenter=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir&orderby=-date_last_updated&start=0   (slyon, 14:38)
 * ''LINK:'' https://warthogs.atlassian.net/jira/software/c/projects/SEC/boards/594   (slyon, 14:38)

=== Any other business? ===

Discussion started by slyon at 14:41.




== People present (lines said) ==

 * slyon (37)
 * sarnold (8)
 * joalif (3)
 * meetingology (2)
 * pushkarnk (2)



== Full log ==


 14:30 <slyon> #startmeeting Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status

 14:30 <meetingology> Meeting started at 14:30:41 UTC.  The chair is slyon.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 14:30 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 14:30 <slyon> Ping for MIR meeting - didrocks joalif slyon sarnold cpaelzer jamespage pushkarnk ( dviererbe )

 14:30 <slyon> #topic current component mismatches

 14:30 <slyon> Mission: Identify required actions and spread the load among the teams

 14:30 <slyon> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg

 14:30 <slyon> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg

 14:32 <slyon> only https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/ruby-rack-session/+bug/2106774 which is targeted for QQ, so will stay in -proposed for now. No action needed.

 14:32 <slyon> #topic New MIRs

 14:32 <pushkarnk> o/

 14:32 <slyon> Mission: ensure to assign all incoming reviews for fast processing

 14:32 <slyon> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=NEW&field.status%3Alist=CONFIRMED&assignee_option=none&field.assignee=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 14:32 <joalif> o/

 14:33 <slyon> Only ruby-rack-session, as mentioned above. Does anybody have capacity to take this review? (LP: #2106774) – non urgent, as it's for the QQ cycle

 14:33 <slyon> I'd abstain, as it's a server team package.

 14:33 <joalif> i can

 14:33 <slyon> thanks joalif! Assigning...

 14:34 <slyon> #topic Incomplete bugs / questions

 14:34 <slyon> Mission: Identify required actions and spread the load among the teams

 14:34 <slyon> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 14:34 <slyon> I don't see any updates from within the last week \o/

 14:35 <slyon> #topic Process/Documentation improvements

 14:35 <slyon> Mission: Review pending process/documentation pull-requests or issues

 14:35 <slyon> #link https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/pulls

 14:35 <slyon> #link https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/issues

 14:35 <slyon> Only https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/pull/84 – which looks ready to merge. Any last-minute comments? Otherwise, I'd probably merge it after the meeting...

 14:38 <slyon> I take that as a "no" :)

 14:38 <slyon> #topic MIR related Security Review Queue

 14:38 <slyon> Mission: Check on progress, do deadlines seem doable?

 14:38 <slyon> Some clients can only work with one, some with the other escaping - the URLs point to the same place.

 14:38 <slyon> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-security/+bugs?field.searchtext=%5BMIR%5D&assignee_option=choose&field.assignee=ubuntu-security&field.bug_reporter=&field.bug_commenter=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir&orderby=-date_last_updated&start=0

 14:38 <slyon> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-security/+bugs?field.searchtext=[MIR]&assignee_option=choose&field.assignee=ubuntu-security&field.bug_reporter=&field.bug_commenter=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir&orderby=-date_last_updated&start=0

 14:38 <slyon> #link https://warthogs.atlassian.net/jira/software/c/projects/SEC/boards/594

 14:38 <sarnold> good morning

 14:38 <sarnold> oh dang you guys are *quick* today ..

 14:39 <slyon> ah! Just in time. Hello sarnold o/ Can you update us on the security-review status?

 14:39 <sarnold> rust-hwlib has some unfortunate news, insufficient feedback ..

 14:39 <sarnold> pdfio has been assigned to elise, it's her first, but it looks like a good package to start with, a quick glance suggests it's pretty decent C

 14:40 <slyon> sarnold: have you tried reaching out to nhutsko directly? I got prompt answers when doing the MIR review..

 14:40 <sarnold> provd not yet, I think that's still up in the air if we'll go that route or not, and it's *not* a good package to start with

 14:40 <sarnold> slyon: I haven't, no

 14:40 <sarnold> slyon: thanks for the suggestion

 14:40 <slyon> maybe a direct ping is worth a try!

 14:41 <slyon> ok. so provd is still waiting for an experienced reviewer.

 14:41 <slyon> Thanks for the update sarnold !

 14:41 <slyon> #topic Any other business?

 14:41 <joalif> none here

 14:42 <pushkarnk> nothing from me

 14:42 <sarnold> none here

 14:42 <slyon> alright. Let's keep it short then. It's release week after all!

 14:42 <slyon> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)