== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team meeting, started by juliank, 20 Feb at 16:02 &mdash; 16:26 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2025/ubuntu-meeting.2025-02-20-16.02.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning rounds ===

Discussion started by juliank at 16:02.

 * ''LINK:'' https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/foundations-team-updates-thursday-2025-02-20/55546   (juliank, 16:02)

=== Release incoming bugs ===

Discussion started by juliank at 16:14.


=== Team proposed-migration report ===

Discussion started by juliank at 16:22.

 * ''LINK:'' https://ubuntu-archive-team.ubuntu.com/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs   (juliank, 16:22)

=== AOB ===

Discussion started by juliank at 16:23.




== People present (lines said) ==

 * juliank (37)
 * dviererbe (13)
 * adrien (6)
 * enr0n (6)
 * meetingology (2)
 * Skia (1)
 * mkukri (1)
 * xypron (1)
 * bdrung (1)



== Full log ==


 16:02 <juliank> #startmeeting Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team

 16:02 <meetingology> Meeting started at 16:02:02 UTC.  The chair is juliank.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 16:02 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 16:02 <juliank> #topic Lightning rounds

 16:02 <dviererbe> o/

 16:02 <Skia> o7

 16:02 <juliank> #link https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/foundations-team-updates-thursday-2025-02-20/55546

 16:02 <mkukri> o/

 16:02 <adrien> o/

 16:03 <dviererbe> #2098797

 16:03 <dviererbe> LP: #2098750

 16:04 <dviererbe> LP: #2098797

 16:04 <dviererbe> these should be rls-pp-incoming

 16:04 <juliank> They are but they are not owned by foundations but by nobody

 16:05 <dviererbe> Oh, well the MIR team asked me to raise this within foundations

 16:11 <enr0n> dviererbe: what's the request? Whether we will be the owning team? Or actually driving the MIR(s)?

 16:12 <dviererbe> LP: #2098797 is about if we want to have nghttp3 for curl than we should do this before beta freze

 16:13 <dviererbe> LP: #2098750 is about re-review. The mir team wants to do re-reviews for packages that do not have an mir bug or an very old one. That is less time sensitive

 16:14 <juliank> OK so

 16:14 <juliank> #topic Release incoming bugs

 16:14 <dviererbe> I can take the re-review

 16:14 <enr0n> My guess is that security review for nghttp3 would be bottleneck, no?

 16:14 <juliank> Regarding nghttp3, this is no longer needed?

 16:14 <dviererbe> enr0n: yes

 16:14 <dviererbe> juliank: that would also be fine with me and the MIR team

 16:15 <enr0n> juliank: why exactly?

 16:15 <juliank> curl does not depend on nghttp3, so this is not needed.

 16:16 <juliank> So I am tagging it rls-pp-wontfix

 16:16 <enr0n> isn't the whole point of the bug that Ubuntu has a delta to make that so?

 16:17 <adrien> btw, re http3, I need to go through https://daniel.haxx.se/blog/2025/02/16/openssl-does-a-quic-api/ and links

 16:18 <juliank> GnuTLS is not an option for the curl binary

 16:18 <juliank> (IMO)

 16:18 <juliank> (too many stuff breaks with GnuTLS)

 16:18 <dviererbe> so, won't fix for pp and taking this for qq

 16:18 <enr0n> +1

 16:19 <juliank> Not yet

 16:19 <juliank> Debian does it because they use the gnutls backend for the curl binary, which is a bad idea

 16:19 <juliank> But we don't yet know if we need it for the OpenSSL one

 16:19 <juliank> ?

 16:19 <juliank> So we need to wait until the OpenSSL version has HTTP/3 support

 16:20 <enr0n> ahh

 16:21 <dviererbe> then just let it as incomplete until we know and leave a comment that we may take this for qq

 16:21 <adrien> ath's openssl 3.5

 16:21 <adrien> that's*

 16:21 <adrien> in two months

 16:22 <juliank> #topic Team proposed-migration report

 16:22 <juliank> #link https://ubuntu-archive-team.ubuntu.com/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs

 16:22 <juliank> recap:

 16:22 <juliank> * vim is with mwhudson

 16:22 <juliank> * libuv1 is with mateus-morais

 16:22 <juliank> * libsepol is with waveform

 16:22 <juliank> * media-types is with andersson123

 16:22 <juliank> new:

 16:22 <juliank> * git: xypron

 16:22 <juliank> * dpkg: bdrung (double check the elf metadata stuff is correct oooh)

 16:22 <juliank> * openssl: adrien

 16:22 <juliank> * pyasn1: dviererbe

 16:22 <juliank> * libsemanage: schopin, could you please simply remove from proposed, needs libselinux 3.8 which has not been merged?

 16:22 <juliank> - pcre2: tobhe

 16:22 <xypron> ok

 16:22 <juliank> - usbmuxd: rkratky

 16:22 <juliank> - glibc: schopin (duh)

 16:22 <bdrung> ack

 16:23 <juliank> Ah yes I already asked for libsemanage removal in ubuntur-release, schopin

 16:23 <adrien> openssl is waiting to migrate already

 16:23 <juliank> Nothing to do then I suppose

 16:23 <juliank> #topic AOB

 16:26 <juliank> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)