== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team meeting, started by juliank, 06 Feb at 16:02 &mdash; 16:34 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2025/ubuntu-meeting.2025-02-06-16.02.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning rounds ===

Discussion started by juliank at 16:02.

 * ''LINK:'' https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/foundations-team-updates-thursday-2025-02-06/   (juliank, 16:02)

=== Release incoming bugs ===

Discussion started by juliank at 16:11.

 * ''LINK:'' http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/rls-mgr/rls-pp-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs   (juliank, 16:11)
 * ''LINK:'' http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/rls-mgr/rls-oo-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs   (juliank, 16:12)

=== Team proposed-migration report ===

Discussion started by juliank at 16:22.

 * ''LINK:'' https://ubuntu-archive-team.ubuntu.com/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs   (juliank, 16:22)

=== AOB ===

Discussion started by juliank at 16:30.




== People present (lines said) ==

 * juliank (47)
 * schopin (11)
 * Skia (8)
 * enr0n (3)
 * meetingology (2)
 * tobhe (2)
 * waveform (2)
 * adrien (2)
 * andersson123 (1)
 * bdrung (1)



== Full log ==


 16:02 <juliank> #startmeeting Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team

 16:02 <meetingology> Meeting started at 16:02:10 UTC.  The chair is juliank.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 16:02 <andersson123> o/

 16:02 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 16:02 <juliank> #topic Lightning rounds

 16:02 <juliank> #link https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/foundations-team-updates-thursday-2025-02-06/

 16:02 <tobhe> no matrix yet?

 16:02 <waveform> next month

 16:03 <schopin> We don't have a proper solution for publicly logging channels, and that's kind of the point of us having the meeting here in the first place ;)

 16:03 <adrien> \o

 16:04 <tobhe> schopin: makes sense

 16:05 * schopin can't remember the last time he'd posted a status report with actual links in it!

 16:06 <juliank> My commits will have to do

 16:06 <juliank> Also I just found a bug, brb

 16:07 <waveform> schopin, "maths is hard" :)

 16:07 <schopin> I knew you'd notice it ;)

 16:08 <juliank> auto a = std::move(b);

 16:08 <juliank> f(b); // no error

 16:08 <juliank> so annoying :D

 16:09 <juliank> Imagine spending an hour or so figuring out that oh no actually the code did nothing because the vector you were iterating over was moved away two lines above :D

 16:11 <juliank> #topic Release incoming bugs

 16:11 <juliank> #link http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/rls-mgr/rls-pp-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 16:11 <bdrung> enr0n, I am interested in your EOL upgrade support work (since you said something about distro-info)

 16:11 <juliank> ah just untagged by enr0n

 16:12 <juliank> #link http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/rls-mgr/rls-oo-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 16:12 <juliank> bug 2096914

 16:12 <enr0n> bdrung: I am no longer using that approach, since distro-info-data on e.g. kinetic was too old to have noble

 16:12 <enr0n> So now it's back to statically defining upgrade paths, but in a way that's easier to keep track of IMO

 16:14 <juliank> the tags seem wrong?

 16:14 <juliank> regression-release seems awkward

 16:15 <juliank> that bug is a bit of a mess, none of the comments make _any_ sense

 16:15 <schopin> Skia: ^

 16:16 <Skia> ack

 16:16 <Skia> let me look

 16:16 <juliank> comment #2 talks about a patch that introduces the issue which causes a FTBFS if anything

 16:16 <juliank> comment #4 has an rsync without ipv6

 16:16 <juliank> comment #5 claims rsync from debian, 3.3, is actually 3.4

 16:17 <Skia> oh, yeah, the rsync bug. I had hoped that server maybe would like to look at this

 16:17 <Skia> that's seems to be a build configuration issue

 16:17 <schopin> oh it's shared custody?

 16:17 <Skia> yes

 16:18 <juliank> It's a shared package, and the bug is a regression in a security update

 16:18 <schopin> Cue the 3 spidermen meme

 16:18 <Skia> XD

 16:18 <juliank> I can confirm Debian rsync package says 3.3 but rsync --version says 3.4

 16:19 <juliank> wth

 16:19 <juliank> let the other spidermen deal with it

 16:19 <juliank> No updates on the nn bugs

 16:19 <schopin> what's the process to get the Security team to look at it?

 16:19 <juliank> (bug 1888347, bug 2088268)

 16:20 <juliank> schopin: The security uploader has been subscribed to the bug?

 16:21 <juliank> but it's been 7 days

 16:21 <schopin> ¯\_(ツ)_/¯

 16:22 <juliank> I subscribed the team

 16:22 <adrien> does anyone know why the patch linked (about reconfigure) has been added?

 16:22 <juliank> shrug

 16:22 <juliank> #topic Team proposed-migration report

 16:22 <juliank> #link https://ubuntu-archive-team.ubuntu.com/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs

 16:22 <schopin> I just see SECURITY UPDATE in the changelog, my mind goes blank afterwards.

 16:22 <juliank> heh

 16:23 <juliank> 17 packages needing attention, 36 packages not yet considered late

 16:23 <juliank> and tired joalif

 16:23 <juliank> um

 16:23 <juliank> tired juliank

 16:23 <juliank> :D

 16:24 <juliank> recap: libgit2 is with schopin, vim with mwhudson, libpng1.6 vs gtk4 with uralt , xxhash with rkratky

 16:24 <schopin> numpy is with PS6 outage

 16:25 <Skia> I've retried all the regressions from this morning already, queue is still burning, will do again tomorrow

 16:26 <juliank> lapack  enr0n

 16:26 <enr0n> ack

 16:27 <juliank> systemd enr0n :D

 16:28 <juliank> ncurses: ginggs

 16:29 <juliank> dhcpcd : levihackerman

 16:30 <juliank> Leaving gcc and binutils

 16:30 <juliank> and that's all

 16:30 <juliank> #topic AOB

 16:32 <Skia> Noble .2 next week! :-)

 16:33 <schopin> If you wanted something in .2 and you haven't been pinged by the release team yet, it's probably too late :P

 16:34 <juliank> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)