== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status meeting, started by cpaelzer, 14 Jan at 15:28 &mdash; 15:55 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2025/ubuntu-meeting.2025-01-14-15.28.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== current component mismatches ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 15:31.

 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg   (cpaelzer, 15:31)
 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg   (cpaelzer, 15:31)

=== New MIRs ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 15:40.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=NEW&field.status%3Alist=CONFIRMED&assignee_option=none&field.assignee=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (cpaelzer, 15:40)
 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/glycin/+bug/2093182 was alow prio filing it early (thanks) not going for that first  (cpaelzer, 15:41)
 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/libpisp/+bug/2093321   (cpaelzer, 15:41)
 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/nlohmann-json3/+bug/2093868   (cpaelzer, 15:41)
 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/azure-vm-utils/+bug/2093322   (cpaelzer, 15:41)
 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/raspi-utils/+bug/2094805   (cpaelzer, 15:41)
 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/nlohmann-json3/+bug/2093868 seems to be easier than azure and nlohmann is related to pisp which I've taken  (cpaelzer, 15:43)

=== Incomplete bugs / questions ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 15:44.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (cpaelzer, 15:44)

=== Process/Documentation improvements ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 15:45.

 * ''LINK:'' https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/pulls   (cpaelzer, 15:45)
 * ''LINK:'' https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/issues   (cpaelzer, 15:45)

=== MIR related Security Review Queue ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 15:45.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-security/+bugs?field.searchtext=%5BMIR%5D&assignee_option=choose&field.assignee=ubuntu-security&field.bug_reporter=&field.bug_commenter=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (cpaelzer, 15:45)
 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-security/+bugs?field.searchtext=[MIR]&assignee_option=choose&field.assignee=ubuntu-security&field.bug_reporter=&field.bug_commenter=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (cpaelzer, 15:45)
 * ''LINK:'' https://warthogs.atlassian.net/jira/software/c/projects/SEC/boards/594   (cpaelzer, 15:45)

=== Any other business? ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 15:53.




== People present (lines said) ==

 * cpaelzer (114)
 * sarnold (12)
 * slyon (7)
 * dviererbe (6)
 * joalif (5)
 * meetingology (2)
 * seb128 (2)
 * r41k0u (2)
 * waveform (1)



== Full log ==


 15:28 <cpaelzer> #startmeeting Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status

 15:28 <meetingology> Meeting started at 15:28:27 UTC.  The chair is cpaelzer.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 15:28 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 15:28 <cpaelzer> Ping for MIR meeting - didrocks joalif slyon sarnold cpaelzer jamespage ( dviererbe )

 15:28 <joalif> o/

 15:28 <slyon> o/

 15:28 <dviererbe> o/

 15:28 <cpaelzer> hiho

 15:29 <cpaelzer> I'll wait with actually starting for fairness on everyone's time schedule

 15:30 <cpaelzer> in this minute I might ask joalif about https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/jemalloc/+bug/2088056

 15:30 <cpaelzer> seeing you back do you think you'll get to that soon'ish?

 15:30 <cpaelzer> it is one of those things gating other things gating other things ... :-)

 15:30 <joalif> i'll get this done before asap

 15:30 <cpaelzer> security already added it to their queue as part of last weeks meeting

 15:30 <joalif> meaning today/tomorrow

 15:30 <cpaelzer> thank you

 15:30 <cpaelzer> and now it is time to start

 15:30 <sarnold> good morning

 15:31 <cpaelzer> one thing solved before starting \o/

 15:31 <joalif> sorry for the delay

 15:31 <cpaelzer> np, I had to ask but no need to excuse :-)

 15:31 <slyon> FTR: haproxy could also make good use of jemalloc

 15:31 <cpaelzer> slyon: there are even more IIRC

 15:31 <cpaelzer> ok, copy & paste time it is ...

 15:31 <cpaelzer> #topic current component mismatches

 15:31 <cpaelzer> Mission: Identify required actions and spread the load among the teams

 15:31 <cpaelzer> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg

 15:31 <cpaelzer> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg

 15:32 <cpaelzer> duplicity

 15:32 <cpaelzer> interesting

 15:32 <seb128> we will handle

 15:32 <cpaelzer> thank you

 15:32 <cpaelzer> for that and for watching!

 15:32 <seb128> np! :)

 15:32 <cpaelzer> next is jemalloc which we already talked

 15:32 <cpaelzer> to the right is pytohn-pint which needs not action

 15:33 <cpaelzer> two new cases in the middle of the graph

 15:33 <sarnold> kernel thing that almost never requires work on our part, jqueryui that I hope is just some documentation thing that we can skip..

 15:33 <cpaelzer> almost certainly

 15:33 <cpaelzer> now to the two real things there

 15:33 <sarnold> hmm, another oddball burst of messages

 15:33 <cpaelzer> freeradius -> wtmpdb

 15:33 <slyon> erlang probably needs an erlang-doc extra-exclude

 15:33 <cpaelzer> I feel we've taken that last week

 15:33 <cpaelzer> ack slyon

 15:34 <slyon> I can handle erlang-doc

 15:34 <cpaelzer> can you still carry that to foundations or maybe dviererbe could?

 15:34 <dviererbe> I can mention it in the weekly foundations meeting

 15:36 <cpaelzer> indeed freeradius is ours, let me enqueue this better

 15:36 <cpaelzer> what is the wrid raspi-utils self depends?

 15:36 <r41k0u> o/

 15:37 <dviererbe> So what should I carry to foundations if slyon takes care of erlang-doc and you of `freeradius -> wtmpdb`?

 15:37 <r41k0u> there is a transitional package in there

 15:37 <slyon> dviererbe: https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/erlang/+bug/2094814

 15:37 <dviererbe> thanks

 15:38 <cpaelzer> done with the ping

 15:38 <cpaelzer> back here

 15:38 <cpaelzer> waveform: is raspi-utils yours?

 15:38 <cpaelzer> and if so which way around should that be?

 15:39 <cpaelzer> the html version https://ubuntu-archive-team.ubuntu.com/component-mismatches-proposed.html

 15:39 <cpaelzer> is a bit more insightful

 15:39 <cpaelzer> raspi-utils: raspi-utils raspi-utils-core raspi-utils-dt raspi-utils-eeprom raspi-utils-otp

 15:39 <cpaelzer> [Reverse-Depends: libraspberrypi-bin (MAIN), raspi-utils (Uploader: waveform)]

 15:39 <waveform> raspi-utils is mine and r41k0u's

 15:39 <cpaelzer> ok, we'll consider it getting resolved then

 15:39 <cpaelzer> thanks

 15:40 <cpaelzer> #topic New MIRs

 15:40 <cpaelzer> Mission: ensure to assign all incoming reviews for fast processing

 15:40 <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=NEW&field.status%3Alist=CONFIRMED&assignee_option=none&field.assignee=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 15:40 <cpaelzer> ah, and there we see

 15:40 <cpaelzer> tpday has something for all of us

 15:41 <cpaelzer> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/glycin/+bug/2093182 was alow prio filing it early (thanks) not going for that first

 15:41 <cpaelzer> 4 left to assign

 15:41 <cpaelzer> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/libpisp/+bug/2093321

 15:41 <cpaelzer> let me take that one because why not

 15:41 <cpaelzer> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/nlohmann-json3/+bug/2093868

 15:41 <cpaelzer> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/azure-vm-utils/+bug/2093322

 15:41 <cpaelzer> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/raspi-utils/+bug/2094805

 15:41 <cpaelzer> those three look for a reviewer

 15:41 <slyon> raspi-utils for me

 15:42 <cpaelzer> ok

 15:42 <cpaelzer> this is complex but I can see how you can use your old connections to resolve

 15:43 <cpaelzer> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/nlohmann-json3/+bug/2093868 seems to be easier than azure and nlohmann is related to pisp which I've taken

 15:43 <cpaelzer> how about me also taking https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/nlohmann-json3/+bug/2093868

 15:43 <cpaelzer> and joalif https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/azure-vm-utils/+bug/2093322 for next week after this weeks jemalloc?

 15:43 <joalif> yes

 15:44 <cpaelzer> didrocks: if you read the log - I would not mind if you would grab https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/nlohmann-json3/+bug/2093868 for fully fair distribution

 15:44 <cpaelzer> if so just assign it to yourself before tomorrow

 15:44 <cpaelzer> thanks joalif

 15:44 <cpaelzer> #topic Incomplete bugs / questions

 15:44 <cpaelzer> Mission: Identify required actions and spread the load among the teams

 15:44 <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 15:45 <cpaelzer> nothing since last week

 15:45 <cpaelzer> #topic Process/Documentation improvements

 15:45 <cpaelzer> Mission: Review pending process/documentation pull-requests or issues

 15:45 <cpaelzer> #link https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/pulls

 15:45 <cpaelzer> #link https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/issues

 15:45 <cpaelzer> all draft/old

 15:45 <cpaelzer> #topic MIR related Security Review Queue

 15:45 <cpaelzer> Mission: Check on progress, do deadlines seem doable?

 15:45 <cpaelzer> Some clients can only work with one, some with the other escaping - the URLs point to the same place.

 15:45 <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-security/+bugs?field.searchtext=%5BMIR%5D&assignee_option=choose&field.assignee=ubuntu-security&field.bug_reporter=&field.bug_commenter=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 15:45 <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-security/+bugs?field.searchtext=[MIR]&assignee_option=choose&field.assignee=ubuntu-security&field.bug_reporter=&field.bug_commenter=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 15:45 <cpaelzer> Internal link

 15:45 <cpaelzer> - ensure your teams items are prioritized among each other as you'd expect

 15:45 <cpaelzer> - ensure community requests do not get stomped by teams calling for favors too much

 15:45 <cpaelzer> #link https://warthogs.atlassian.net/jira/software/c/projects/SEC/boards/594

 15:45 <cpaelzer> sarnold: your time to shine

 15:45 <sarnold> hmm I thought I saw conversation about someone wanting to open an issue for an idea..

 15:45 <cpaelzer> please tell us things go forward

 15:46 <cpaelzer> did I not see it, the link only had old issues

 15:46 <sarnold> oh, that might have been amurray suggesting we try to use some of the tiobhe things? he's on pto at the moment..

 15:46 <cpaelzer> that explains

 15:47 <sarnold> alas not much movement on security's end of MIRs, it's been a turbulent time and nothing has ben picked up :(

 15:47 <cpaelzer> yes, once we have a referrable path for those we discussed in the past that looking at it could be just as much quality indicator as many other checks we do

 15:47 <cpaelzer> :-/ @sarnold

 15:48 <cpaelzer> due to the follow up of a follow up ... mentioned above, do you think you could ensure jemalloc is not waiting for the day before feature freeze?

 15:48 <cpaelzer> and for the fairness of waiting for ages already - maybe jpeg-xl

 15:48 <sarnold> yeah, jemalloc at least can unlock quite a lot

 15:48 <cpaelzer> indeed

 15:48 <sarnold> I'll try to get some time, but .. sigh.

 15:48 <cpaelzer> If those two would get to in-progress with a person actually looking at it I'd feel much better

 15:48 <cpaelzer> otherwise the backlog will only grow

 15:49 <cpaelzer> until the pain is even higher :-/

 15:49 <cpaelzer> sorry for that sarnold

 15:49 <cpaelzer> but we need to apply the pressure now or the release will be even more ... complex .. interesting... ? :-)

 15:50 <sarnold> isn't that how the old saying goes? "may you live in complex and interesting times"? :)

 15:51 <sarnold> things are definitely complex and interesting with the folks we've lost over the last six weeks or so

 15:52 <cpaelzer> I thought that was a curse

 15:52 <sarnold> we have new joiners too, it's not all doom and gloom, but new hires aren't immediately useful

 15:52 <cpaelzer> I'm with you in that struggle sarnold, same here

 15:53 <cpaelzer> and as we all know, enabling them to become more useful is hard while doom and gloom is waiting around the corner

 15:53 <cpaelzer> I hope that is not all on you

 15:53 <cpaelzer> and with that discussion we can go to ...

 15:53 <cpaelzer> #topic Any other business?

 15:53 <sarnold> none

 15:53 <slyon> nothing from my end

 15:53 <cpaelzer> nothing else here, jemalloc prio was sorted at the beginning - thanks again joalif

 15:54 <cpaelzer> dviererbe: or seb128: anything else from foundations/desktop?

 15:54 <dviererbe> no

 15:54 <cpaelzer> I'll look for a great sequence while waiting for more answers and then count out

 15:54 <cpaelzer> thank you all already

 15:55 <dviererbe> Thanks everyone! o/

 15:55 <cpaelzer> 11

 15:55 <cpaelzer> 8

 15:55 <cpaelzer> 6

 15:55 <cpaelzer> 4

 15:55 <cpaelzer> 3

 15:55 <cpaelzer> 2

 15:55 <cpaelzer> 1

 15:55 <cpaelzer> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)