== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team meeting, started by juliank, 08 May at 15:05 &mdash; 15:21 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2025/ubuntu-meeting.2025-05-08-15.05.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning rounds ===

Discussion started by juliank at 15:05.

 * ''LINK:'' https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/foundations-team-updates-2025-05-08/60765   (juliank, 15:05)

=== Release incoming bugs ===

Discussion started by juliank at 15:09.

 * ''LINK:'' http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/rls-mgr/rls-qq-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs   (juliank, 15:09)
 * ''LINK:'' http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/rls-mgr/rls-pp-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs   (juliank, 15:15)

=== Team proposed-migration report ===

Discussion started by juliank at 15:17.

 * ''LINK:'' https://ubuntu-archive-team.ubuntu.com/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs   (juliank, 15:17)

=== AOB ===

Discussion started by juliank at 15:18.




== People present (lines said) ==

 * juliank (31)
 * waveform (3)
 * meetingology (2)
 * andersson123 (1)
 * mateus-morais (1)
 * levihackerman102 (1)
 * enr0n (1)
 * blackboxsw (1)



== Full log ==


 15:05 <juliank> #startmeeting Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team

 15:05 <meetingology> Meeting started at 15:05:18 UTC.  The chair is juliank.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 15:05 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 15:05 <juliank> We're back on irc

 15:05 <juliank> #topic Lightning rounds

 15:05 <juliank> #link https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/foundations-team-updates-2025-05-08/60765

 15:05 <andersson123> o/

 15:05 <mateus-morais> o/

 15:05 <levihackerman102> o/

 15:09 <juliank> #topic Release incoming bugs

 15:09 <juliank> #link http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/rls-mgr/rls-qq-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 15:10 <juliank> bug 2092501 was marked fix released upstream but needs investigation

 15:10 <juliank> there's no concrete list of patches

 15:11 <juliank> tagging it

 15:11 <juliank> bug 2017806

 15:12 <juliank> I think u-r-u and update-manager really should be using apt_pkg.AcquireFile

 15:12 <juliank> then all the proxies work correctly as configured

 15:12 <enr0n> that makes sense to me

 15:13 <juliank> Oh right I am tagging stuff todo I don't actually have people assigned to

 15:13 <juliank> But this is one I can do

 15:14 <juliank> the fwupd stuff really shouldn't be mine :D

 15:14 <juliank> waveform: anything to do afor bug 2100232?

 15:14 <waveform> I don't believe so at the moment -- I think server are going to "undeprecate" this but I'll wait and see

 15:15 <juliank> ok

 15:15 <waveform> anyway, we can untag it for now -- I'll keep an eye on it

 15:15 <juliank> #link http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/rls-mgr/rls-pp-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 15:15 <juliank> ack

 15:15 <juliank> bug 2097759

 15:15 <juliank> Not sure why it came back

 15:16 <juliank> I think schopin knows what to do but this needs some handover perhaps

 15:16 <juliank> the next two are toolchain bugs, and we need to discuss that in a wider group

 15:17 <juliank> That's all, jj only has some stuff fips people are working on

 15:17 <juliank> and ff is empty

 15:17 <juliank> #topic Team proposed-migration report

 15:17 <juliank> #link https://ubuntu-archive-team.ubuntu.com/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs

 15:17 <juliank> Nothing to do really here, moving on

 15:18 <juliank> #topic AOB

 15:20 <blackboxsw> waveform thx. we've landed an upstream commit to undeprecate the custom fs_label http://github.com/canonical/cloud-init/commit/dc6a6817d6ec43a678a377c3b13e50ec0b42d068   It'll be in next upstream release of cloud-init 25.2. which will be SRU'd back as far as jammy.

 15:21 <waveform> blackboxsw, fantastic - thanks!

 15:21 <juliank> hooray

 15:21 <juliank> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)