== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status meeting, started by sarnold, 18 Mar at 15:40 &mdash; 16:02 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2025/ubuntu-meeting.2025-03-18-15.40.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== current component mismatches ===

Discussion started by sarnold at 15:40.

 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg   (sarnold, 15:40)
 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg   (sarnold, 15:40)

=== New MIRs ===

Discussion started by sarnold at 15:43.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=NEW&field.status%3Alist=CONFIRMED&assignee_option=none&field.assignee=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (sarnold, 15:43)
 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/node-mathjax-full/+bug/2101889 filed by tsimonq2  -- hey simon :) btw we moved to a single package per MIR bug to simplify our internal JIRA tooling :(  (sarnold, 15:44)

=== Incomplete bugs / questions ===

Discussion started by sarnold at 15:47.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (sarnold, 15:47)
 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/rust-sequoia-sqv/+bug/2089690   (sarnold, 15:47)
 * ''LINK:'' https://git.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-core-dev/ubuntu-seeds/+git/ubuntu/tree/supported#n112   (jbicha, 15:48)
 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/libsass-python/+bug/2095581   (sarnold, 15:49)
 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/rust-gst-plugin-gtk4/+bug/2097804   (sarnold, 15:50)

=== Process/Documentation improvements ===

Discussion started by sarnold at 15:51.

 * ''LINK:'' https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/pulls   (sarnold, 15:51)
 * ''LINK:'' https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/issues   (sarnold, 15:51)
 * ''LINK:'' https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/pull/79 is open for review and discussion, so, please review and discuss  (sarnold, 15:52)

=== MIR related Security Review Queue ===

Discussion started by sarnold at 15:52.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-security/+bugs?field.searchtext=%5BMIR%5D&assignee_option=choose&field.assignee=ubuntu-security&field.bug_reporter=&field.bug_commenter=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (sarnold, 15:52)
 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-security/+bugs?field.searchtext=[MIR]&assignee_option=choose&field.assignee=ubuntu-security&field.bug_reporter=&field.bug_commenter=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (sarnold, 15:52)
 * ''LINK:'' https://warthogs.atlassian.net/jira/software/c/projects/SEC/boards/594   (sarnold, 15:52)
 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/nlohmann-json3/+bug/2093868   (sarnold, 15:53)
 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/plucky/+bug/2072561   (sarnold, 15:54)
 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/libva/+bug/2097800   (sarnold, 15:55)
 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/libsass/+bug/2095582   (sarnold, 15:59)
 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/python-boto3/+bug/2061217   (sarnold, 16:00)

=== Any other business? ===

Discussion started by sarnold at 16:01.




== People present (lines said) ==

 * sarnold (71)
 * jbicha (7)
 * ebarretto (5)
 * meetingology (2)
 * mylesjp (1)
 * didrocks (1)
 * pushkarnk (1)



== Full log ==


 15:40 <sarnold> #startmeeting Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status

 15:40 <meetingology> Meeting started at 15:40:12 UTC.  The chair is sarnold.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 15:40 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 15:40 <sarnold> #topic current component mismatches

 15:40 <sarnold> Mission: Identify required actions and spread the load among the teams

 15:40 <sarnold> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg

 15:40 <sarnold> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg

 15:41 <sarnold> libsass in progress .. linux-realtime, presumably apw will do whatever apw does with kernsl eventually

 15:42 <sarnold> ruby-rackup is on pcs, that feels server-ish .. presumably jchittum and team will decide what to do with that .. and ruby-rack

 15:42 <sarnold> nlohmann-json3 is in progress, esmtp and xterm are known things, right?

 15:43 <sarnold> #topic New MIRs

 15:43 <sarnold> Mission: ensure to assign all incoming reviews for fast processing

 15:43 <sarnold> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=NEW&field.status%3Alist=CONFIRMED&assignee_option=none&field.assignee=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 15:44 <jbicha> xterm is false positive

 15:44 <sarnold> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/node-mathjax-full/+bug/2101889 filed by tsimonq2  -- hey simon :) btw we moved to a single package per MIR bug to simplify our internal JIRA tooling :(

 15:45 <sarnold> my memory is not perfect on this point -- do we care about sphinx as a first-class object? or do we only have it around because historically it's always been around?

 15:46 <sarnold> I think I would have expected sphinx to really only be in main because it's in build dependencies, and we decided a few years ago to exempt "documentation generation" things from the "must be in main" requirement. (No, I don't know how we would implement this.)

 15:46 <sarnold> and if these packages are being proposed for promotion as part of "building documentation", then maybe we skip them entirely? does that sound familiar?

 15:47 <sarnold> I suspect we won't get a concrete answer here, so I'll just add comments like this to the bug after the meeting

 15:47 <sarnold> #topic Incomplete bugs / questions

 15:47 <sarnold> Mission: Identify required actions and spread the load among the teams

 15:47 <sarnold> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 15:47 <sarnold> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/rust-sequoia-sqv/+bug/2089690

 15:48 <sarnold> not ready yet

 15:48 <jbicha> it might be as simple as removing the Extra-Include: *-doc

 15:48 <jbicha> https://git.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-core-dev/ubuntu-seeds/+git/ubuntu/tree/supported#n112

 15:48 <sarnold> jbicha: aha! that looks very promising, yes :)

 15:48 <sarnold> thanks

 15:48 <jbicha> but that would be a lot of work for the AAs I think to move things around

 15:49 <sarnold> that is the life of privation and trial they have accepted

 15:49 <jbicha> add a Github issue to discuss the idea?

 15:49 <sarnold> good idea

 15:49 <sarnold> do you want to do it? :)

 15:49 <jbicha> no, sorry

 15:49 <sarnold> ack

 15:49 <sarnold> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/libsass-python/+bug/2095581

 15:50 <sarnold> this is likely waiting on the security team libsass review. nico had basically finished that before he left, I'm not sure if we finished the paperwork though :(

 15:50 <sarnold> I'll track that down.

 15:50 <sarnold> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/rust-gst-plugin-gtk4/+bug/2097804

 15:51 <sarnold> looks like it has some TODOs, moving on

 15:51 <sarnold> then we get to dbus-broker and older .. I propose we skip those for later

 15:51 <sarnold> #topic Process/Documentation improvements

 15:51 <sarnold> Mission: Review pending process/documentation pull-requests or issues

 15:51 <sarnold> #link https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/pulls

 15:51 <sarnold> #link https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/issues

 15:52 <sarnold> https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/pull/79 is open for review and discussion, so, please review and discuss

 15:52 <sarnold> nothing new in issues

 15:52 <sarnold> #topic MIR related Security Review Queue

 15:52 <sarnold> Mission: Check on progress, do deadlines seem doable?

 15:52 <sarnold> Some clients can only work with one, some with the other escaping - the URLs point to the same place.

 15:52 <sarnold> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-security/+bugs?field.searchtext=%5BMIR%5D&assignee_option=choose&field.assignee=ubuntu-security&field.bug_reporter=&field.bug_commenter=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 15:52 <sarnold> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-security/+bugs?field.searchtext=[MIR]&assignee_option=choose&field.assignee=ubuntu-security&field.bug_reporter=&field.bug_commenter=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 15:52 <sarnold> Internal link

 15:52 <sarnold> - ensure your teams items are prioritized among each other as you'd expect

 15:52 <sarnold> - ensure community requests do not get stomped by teams calling for favors too much

 15:52 <sarnold> #link https://warthogs.atlassian.net/jira/software/c/projects/SEC/boards/594

 15:53 <sarnold> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/nlohmann-json3/+bug/2093868

 15:53 <sarnold> I believe this has been assigned, unsure of the progress, I've been remarkably unavailable the last week :/

 15:53 <ebarretto> yes, it is assigned and we are looking into delivering the audit by end of this week

 15:53 <sarnold> hmm, why doesn't that query sort by "last updated"? seems like something to fix

 15:54 <sarnold> ebarretto: oh awesome, thanks

 15:54 <sarnold> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/plucky/+bug/2072561

 15:54 <ebarretto> Rodrigo is taking a look on that one and also targeting end of this week

 15:55 <sarnold> lovely lovely, you're quicker than I am ;)

 15:55 <sarnold> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/libva/+bug/2097800

 15:55 <ebarretto> that one is with Giampaolo iirc

 15:55 <sarnold> I see giampaolo on that one, nice nice

 15:56 <sarnold> I should have a conversation with sudhakar about jpeg-xl https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/jpeg-xl/+bug/2070882 -- I think they were slow to look at his pull request that fixes a bunch of tests

 15:56 <sarnold> that's not exactly encouraging

 15:56 <sarnold> but maybe the code is otherwise still okay?

 15:57 <jbicha> once I pinged them on Discord, the review happened quickly ðŸ¤·

 15:57 <sarnold> oh sweet, thanks jbicha ;)

 15:58 <ebarretto> sarnold: the one that was with Nico, did we get to publish?

 15:58 <sarnold> ebarretto: I haven't checked yet :/

 15:59 <sarnold> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/libsass/+bug/2095582

 15:59 <sarnold> <3 nico

 15:59 <sarnold> he attached it rather than pasting it in, but it's there :D

 15:59 <ebarretto> \o/

 16:00 <sarnold> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/python-boto3/+bug/2061217

 16:00 <sarnold> the last comment is promotion. I don't recall why this is on our list but I bet it'd be easy to get it off the list. heh.

 16:00 <sarnold> so

 16:01 <sarnold> #topic Any other business?

 16:01 <mylesjp> All good on my end

 16:01 <didrocks> nothing for me (just back, will backlog)

 16:01 <pushkarnk> Nothing from me

 16:01 <sarnold> alright then :)

 16:02 <sarnold> nothing here, either

 16:02 <sarnold> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)