== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status meeting, started by cpaelzer, 29 Apr at 14:28 &mdash; 14:53 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2025/ubuntu-meeting.2025-04-29-14.28.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== current component mismatches ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 14:31.

 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg   (cpaelzer, 14:31)
 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg   (cpaelzer, 14:31)

=== New MIRs ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 14:32.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=NEW&field.status%3Alist=CONFIRMED&assignee_option=none&field.assignee=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (cpaelzer, 14:32)

=== Incomplete bugs / questions ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 14:34.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (cpaelzer, 14:34)

=== Process/Documentation improvements ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 14:36.

 * ''LINK:'' https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/pulls   (cpaelzer, 14:36)
 * ''LINK:'' https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/issues   (cpaelzer, 14:36)
 * ''LINK:'' https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/pull/85   (cpaelzer, 14:36)

=== MIR related Security Review Queue ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 14:38.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-security/+bugs?field.searchtext=%5BMIR%5D&assignee_option=choose&field.assignee=ubuntu-security&field.bug_reporter=&field.bug_commenter=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir&orderby=-date_last_updated&start=0   (cpaelzer, 14:38)
 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-security/+bugs?field.searchtext=[MIR]&assignee_option=choose&field.assignee=ubuntu-security&field.bug_reporter=&field.bug_commenter=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir&orderby=-date_last_updated&start=0   (cpaelzer, 14:38)
 * ''LINK:'' https://warthogs.atlassian.net/jira/software/c/projects/SEC/boards/594   (cpaelzer, 14:38)

=== Any other business? ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 14:41.




== People present (lines said) ==

 * cpaelzer (103)
 * sarnold (21)
 * pushkarnk (8)
 * slyon (5)
 * mylesjp (4)
 * meetingology (2)
 * dviererbe (2)
 * jbicha (1)



== Full log ==


 14:28 <cpaelzer> #startmeeting Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status

 14:28 <meetingology> Meeting started at 14:28:50 UTC.  The chair is cpaelzer.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 14:28 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 14:28 <cpaelzer> Ping for MIR meeting - didrocks joalif slyon sarnold cpaelzer jamespage pushkarnk ( dviererbe )

 14:29 <dviererbe> o/

 14:29 <pushkarnk> o/

 14:29 <cpaelzer> we still have time, but I wanted to provide an early ping

 14:29 <mylesjp> morning everyone!

 14:29 <cpaelzer> mylesjp: we need to add you to the ping list ...

 14:29 <sarnold> good morning

 14:30 <jbicha> o/

 14:30 <cpaelzer> done https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/commit/103543295f657f0509a5e0238809fa025c022fa7

 14:31 <cpaelzer> and thereby the time for the meeting is up

 14:31 <cpaelzer> let us do that, see if questing provides already quests for us and have a last normal week before sprint week disrupt some of our ability to attend here

 14:31 <slyon> o/

 14:31 <cpaelzer> #topic current component mismatches

 14:31 <cpaelzer> Mission: Identify required actions and spread the load among the teams

 14:31 <cpaelzer> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg

 14:31 <cpaelzer> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg

 14:32 <cpaelzer> only old/usual suspects

 14:32 <cpaelzer> no new action here

 14:32 <cpaelzer> I assume the restarted auto-sync will soon change that

 14:32 <cpaelzer> but ok for now

 14:32 <cpaelzer> #topic New MIRs

 14:32 <cpaelzer> Mission: ensure to assign all incoming reviews for fast processing

 14:32 <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=NEW&field.status%3Alist=CONFIRMED&assignee_option=none&field.assignee=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 14:33 <cpaelzer> None

 14:33 <cpaelzer> there has been https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/ptyxis/+bug/2108942 in my inbox, but I did that right away without waiting for the meeting to happen

 14:33 <sarnold> \o/ :)

 14:33 <cpaelzer> sarnold: this needs to enter security queue, could you tag it accordingly?

 14:34 <cpaelzer> I'm sure you can, let me go on with the meeting ...

 14:34 <cpaelzer> #topic Incomplete bugs / questions

 14:34 <cpaelzer> Mission: Identify required actions and spread the load among the teams

 14:34 <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 14:35 <cpaelzer> sequoia is not yet for us, just juliank stating the next steps

 14:35 <cpaelzer> on https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+bug/2072561 slyon was so kind to fix the state

 14:35 <cpaelzer> thanks

 14:35 <cpaelzer> waiting for the requests to be resolved

 14:36 <cpaelzer> #topic Process/Documentation improvements

 14:36 <cpaelzer> Mission: Review pending process/documentation pull-requests or issues

 14:36 <cpaelzer> #link https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/pulls

 14:36 <slyon> I also just added a "Questing" target, now that we have it :) ^

 14:36 <cpaelzer> #link https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/issues

 14:36 <cpaelzer> thanks slyon

 14:36 <cpaelzer> we have this

 14:36 <cpaelzer> https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/pull/85

 14:36 <cpaelzer> thanks ravikant_

 14:37 <cpaelzer> that is just fine, let me merge it

 14:37 <cpaelzer> nothing else new

 14:37 <cpaelzer> and no sudden capacity to fight the old (unless you surprise me)

 14:37 <pushkarnk> last meeting I volunteered to take up https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/issues/83 (though I don't think I will find enough time until the sprints are over)

 14:38 <cpaelzer> still, you do the right thing in surprising me :-)

 14:38 <pushkarnk> :)

 14:38 <cpaelzer> thanks pushkarnk - we are happy for someone having a look, no pressure if pre/while/post sprint

 14:38 <cpaelzer> #topic MIR related Security Review Queue

 14:38 <pushkarnk> cpaelzer: thanks!

 14:38 <cpaelzer> Mission: Check on progress, do deadlines seem doable?

 14:38 <cpaelzer> Some clients can only work with one, some with the other escaping - the URLs point to the same place.

 14:38 <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-security/+bugs?field.searchtext=%5BMIR%5D&assignee_option=choose&field.assignee=ubuntu-security&field.bug_reporter=&field.bug_commenter=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir&orderby=-date_last_updated&start=0

 14:38 <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-security/+bugs?field.searchtext=[MIR]&assignee_option=choose&field.assignee=ubuntu-security&field.bug_reporter=&field.bug_commenter=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir&orderby=-date_last_updated&start=0

 14:38 <cpaelzer> Internal link

 14:38 <cpaelzer> - ensure your teams items are prioritized among each other as you'd expect

 14:38 <cpaelzer> - ensure community requests do not get stomped by teams calling for favors too much

 14:38 <cpaelzer> #link https://warthogs.atlassian.net/jira/software/c/projects/SEC/boards/594

 14:38 <cpaelzer> sarnold: I see ptyxis there now - thanks

 14:38 <sarnold> :D

 14:39 <sarnold> pdfio has been assigned but I don't expect any progress has been made on it, yet

 14:39 <sarnold> no other updates from me

 14:39 <cpaelzer> I'd expect if it is done by the end of Eng sprint it woudl be enough, that still is essentially "very early 25.10" then - would that be realistic?

 14:40 <sarnold> hmm, I'm not sure -- it's the first MIR for the reviewer in question, and I'm afraid I've given her too many other tasks to tackle in addition to her usual cve fixing workload

 14:41 <cpaelzer> ok, gladly we are early in the cycle

 14:41 <sarnold> yes

 14:41 <cpaelzer> but if in doubt you and jbicha should coordinate what the deadlines are

 14:41 <cpaelzer> #topic Any other business?

 14:41 <slyon> nothing for me

 14:41 <cpaelzer> I have one about our docs, anyone else anything before I flood this?

 14:41 <sarnold> nothing here

 14:41 <mylesjp> nothing from me

 14:42 <cpaelzer> pushkarnk: dviererbe: ?

 14:42 <pushkarnk> nothing from me

 14:42 <cpaelzer> ok, one of the dept counts as enough :-)

 14:42 <pushkarnk> :)

 14:42 <cpaelzer> OK, doc topic

 14:42 <cpaelzer> you might have seen https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/revitalising-ubuntu-project-documentation/58694 or similar related topics

 14:43 <sarnold> heh, no, thanks

 14:43 <cpaelzer> I wanted to get your pre-ack to handle on that when the time comes - or your nack and discuss how we'd organize it

 14:43 <cpaelzer> TL;DR what will happen at some point is that the MIR rules will be moving from https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir into the shared "all to make ubuntu" place

 14:43 <cpaelzer> While doing so they likely also get a diataxis split

 14:44 <cpaelzer> A bit of review by professionals (not me and my lack of ability to use ",")

 14:44 <cpaelzer> And the first setup that uses ACLs for subsections

 14:44 <cpaelzer> the idea is to only give us - the MIR team members permissions under that sub-path

 14:44 <cpaelzer> here is my question now

 14:45 <cpaelzer> One in my team is driving this and I can represent us - is it OK for you if I just make this happen when it is ready?

 14:45 <cpaelzer> Or do you want to significantly review, contribute and dsicuss while the move goes on?

 14:45 <cpaelzer> Before and Afterwards we will operate normally - GH issues, GH bugs all fine

 14:46 <mylesjp> how far along is this cpaelzer? I don't mind contributing and reviewing as well.

 14:46 <slyon> I assume we will have redirects/references in place from the old spot (ubuntu-mir GitHub repo) and process to change something would be similar (a PR). So +1 :)

 14:46 <cpaelzer> yes to redirects

 14:46 <cpaelzer> we do not yet know when exactly, but I assume within the 4 weeks after the sprint

 14:47 <cpaelzer> to be clear, every review and input is welcome

 14:47 <mylesjp> I'd gladly help out

 14:47 <cpaelzer> after being moved it is just git as it is now, so changes can follow up

 14:47 <cpaelzer> ok, how about that - when we get started I'll ping all of you as FYI

 14:47 <sarnold> It's fine by me if you're representing us, we can adjust later if we need to

 14:47 <pushkarnk> glad to contribute/review

 14:47 <cpaelzer> if you can participate, but I'd not gate/block on you being around - ok with that?

 14:48 <cpaelzer> having already 2 review volunteers and an OK is all I could ask for

 14:48 <sarnold> I am concerned about the "acls for subsections", I can't tell you how many things I've fixed on the wiki in random places over the years

 14:48 <cpaelzer> I can worst case force slyon to say yes

 14:48 <sarnold> lol

 14:48 <cpaelzer> Thanks for your trust

 14:48 <cpaelzer> About the ACLs sarnold ...

 14:48 <cpaelzer> the vast majority will be without ACLs

 14:48 <sarnold> ah good

 14:49 <cpaelzer> but MIR rules can only be changed by MIR members, SRU exceptions by SRU members, ... you get the idea

 14:49 <sarnold> the security team section of the ubuntu wiki always had acls and that frustrated a *lot* of things .. it kinda sorta made sense, but still.

 14:49 <slyon> I already gave my +1 above :)

 14:49 <cpaelzer> lol

 14:49 <dviererbe> Just FYI I also talked to the docs team about how to involve Ubuntu teams (e.g. SRU team that is not Canonical owned) into the docs in the context of https://github.com/ubuntu/ubuntu-project-docs/pull/8. I was told that there will be a discussion how to approch this topic in Frankfurt

 14:49 <cpaelzer> but we start with MIR rules as it is the smallest project to move

 14:49 <cpaelzer> to see how well e.g. ACLs in subdirs work

 14:49 <cpaelzer> we are the dog-food :-)

 14:49 <sarnold> yum!

 14:49 <pushkarnk> :)

 14:50 <cpaelzer> yes dviererbe, there will be - I was today picking up the "how it is intended to be" to be able to discuss with you

 14:50 <cpaelzer> ok, I think that is this topic then

 14:50 <cpaelzer> thanks

 14:50 <cpaelzer> looking for some weird numbers to count us out

 14:50 <cpaelzer> 13

 14:50 <cpaelzer> 12

 14:50 <sarnold> cpaelzer: is there any chance you know how to add items to the offboarding tasks? when folks leave the company, it'd be nice if their acls on the docs would be considered..

 14:50 <sarnold> dang those are some weird numbers!

 14:51 <cpaelzer> good thought, but those memberships are by the Ubuntu project not by being employed at Canonical

 14:51 <sarnold> cpaelzer: (not necessarily *replaced*, since eg bdmu_rray is still an archive admin despite not being at canonical..)

 14:51 <cpaelzer> If someone leaves the MIR team, we'd be removing them - from the LP team and in the ACLs

 14:52 <cpaelzer> ideally we could just refer GH ACls to LP teams, but AFAIk we can not

 14:52 <sarnold> (delay in typing due to surprise at not seeing jdst_rand on https://launchpad.net/~ubuntu-archive/+members#active any more, and wodnering if I found the right page, lol)

 14:52 <cpaelzer> hehe

 14:53 <sarnold> anyway you guys have an evening to get to, i've said enough :) thanks

 14:53 <cpaelzer> fine with me

 14:53 <cpaelzer> we are here to say/type things

 14:53 <cpaelzer> let me yell into the hallway for other random numbers again

 14:53 <cpaelzer> 13 again

 14:53 <cpaelzer> entropy sucks over here

 14:53 <sarnold> lol

 14:53 <cpaelzer> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)