== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Hello and welcome to the Ubuntu Membership Review Board meeting for 07 August 2025. The wiki page for the Review Boards is available here: https://wiki.ubuntu.com/Membership/Boards, started by Wild_Man, 07 Aug at 20:05 &mdash; 20:34 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2025/ubuntu-meeting.2025-08-07-20.05.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== AlsoItzSwirlz ===

Discussion started by Wild_Man at 20:09.

 * ''VOTE:'' on AlsoItzSwirlz membership application (Carried)  (Wild_Man, 20:32)

=== Congratulations to all the new members. Don't forget to check the perks at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/Membership#The_Perks and once ===

Discussion started by Wild_Man at 20:33.




== Vote results ==

 * [[https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2025/ubuntu-meeting.2025-08-07-20.05.log.html#69|on AlsoItzSwirlz membership application]]
  * Motion carried (For: 6, Against: 0, Abstained: 0)
   * Voters: soumyadghosh, MariusQuabeck, Wild_Man, mapreri, AaronPrisk, Bashing-om



== People present (lines said) ==

 * AlsoItzSwirlz (26)
 * Wild_Man (22)
 * meetingology (14)
 * soumyadghosh (11)
 * mapreri (10)
 * AaronPrisk (6)
 * Bashing-om (5)
 * MariusQuabeck (3)



== Full log ==


 20:05 <Wild_Man> #startmeeting Hello and welcome to the Ubuntu Membership Review Board meeting for 07 August 2025. The wiki page for the Review Boards is available here: https://wiki.ubuntu.com/Membership/Boards

 20:05 <meetingology> Meeting started at 20:05:32 UTC.  The chair is Wild_Man.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 20:05 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 20:06 <Wild_Man> You have signed the Code of Conduct. Do you affirm that you have read and understood the whole document, and do you agree to be bound by the terms for the duration of your membership should it be granted? You have signed the Code of Conduct. Do you affirm that you have read and understood the whole document, and do you agree to be bound by the terms for the duration of your membership should it be granted?

 20:06 <AlsoItzSwirlz> Yes, I have read the Code of Conduct and I agree to be bound to it during my membership if granted.

 20:06 <Wild_Man> We will attempt to get through all the applicants that have added themselves to that list, or posted a thread to the Ubuntu Discourse, before today's meeting. If we are unable to make it through the complete list due to time constraints, then at the next meeting we will pick up where we left off.

 20:07 <Wild_Man> The format for the meeting is as follows: We will go through the list of applicants one by one, by date of application (FIFO).

 20:07 <Wild_Man> Each applicant should introduce themselves (1-5 sentences) and

 20:07 <Wild_Man> provide links to their Ubuntu Wiki page or Ubuntu Discourse thread. After the introduction, the members of the Membership Review Board will review the pages and, if needed, ask the applicant further questions.

 20:08 <Wild_Man> During this time, it is encouraged for other members of the community to show their support for the applicant. Do not be alarmed if the members of the Membership Review Board are quiet during this time; they are reading wiki/launchpad/forum/other pages and deciding how they are going to vote.

 20:08 <Wild_Man> When the board is ready to vote, they will publicly vote in the channel with either +1, 0, or -1 (for membership, abstain, and against membership, respectively). If most of the voting board members vote +1, then the applicant is now an official Ubuntu member! (Feel free congratulate them!)

 20:09 <Wild_Man> Now, without any further ado, let's get started with the first applicant

 20:09 <Wild_Man> #topic AlsoItzSwirlz

 20:10 <Wild_Man> So, first up we have AlsoItzSwirlz,could you please introduce yourself to the board, share your pre-written statement, and share the links to your wiki page and launchpad accountâ€¦

 20:10 <mapreri> heya

 20:11 <AlsoItzSwirlz> Hello UMB! If you have not met me already, I'm Joshua Peisach, AKA (or I guess FKA in this space), ItzSwirlz, or in this case, AlsoItzSwirlz because despite my bouncer being off at home, when it's on (if I remember correctly) I can't connect to my registered nickname of ItzSwirlz, so this is what I use on my other device, probably should have mentioned that

 20:11 <mapreri> the link to the application pls?

 20:11 <AlsoItzSwirlz> (i wasn't done yet :P) but here is the app link: https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/joshua-peisach-membership-application/65318/4

 20:11 <AlsoItzSwirlz> Launchpad https://launchpad.net/~jpeisach

 20:12 <Wild_Man> Please stand by while the board members review the details you've provided, and then I'll invite them to ask any questions they may have

 20:15 <Bashing-om> AlsoItzSwirlz: When not focused on Cinnamon, what other things have your attention ?

 20:15 <AlsoItzSwirlz> In Ubuntu, specifically, sc-im, cppimport, rust-procfs, kotlin-mode

 20:16 <AlsoItzSwirlz> (it's in Debian, transfers over here).

 20:16 <Bashing-om> :D

 20:16 <soumyadghosh> AlsoItzSwirlz What's your view about snaps and improving the packaging format inside the DE, like having a permission manager, updater etc tailored for Cinnamon?

 20:16 <mapreri> otoh, looking at those packages, it looks like your last contributions has been a while ago?

 20:17 <AlsoItzSwirlz> soumyadghosh: I actually like snaps because it made it easy to just package things, put it on snapcraft and have it work cross distro. I have a snap I made somewhere of a basic webapp for iHeartRadio using Electron I made *years* ago, haven't touched it since.

 20:18 <AlsoItzSwirlz> mapreri: Yes, that is true. I put in my application that I have been less... active, and I'm certainly not happy about it. That is something I would like to fix and improve upon

 20:19 <AlsoItzSwirlz> In terms of Ubuntu Cinnamon, I have been on point with things, releasing on time and meeting freeze deadlines

 20:19 <Wild_Man> AlsoItzSwirlz, do you see yourself being more active soon?

 20:19 <soumyadghosh> AlsoItzSwirlz Do you have any plans about improving its support inside Cinnamon? Like adding snap support in the Cinnamon package manager, adding a permission manager for Snaps etc?

 20:20 <AlsoItzSwirlz> Wild_Man: yes, I'm going into senior year (year 12), once college apps are done I would like to go back more to my roots in the FOSS area because it's actually where I have my "base" when it comes to career skills and i have a soft spot for it

 20:20 <mapreri> I've been told back when I applied that being a member is something of a starting point, not a goal, so... ;)

 20:21 <AaronPrisk> Running an Ubuntu flavour is quite an accomplishment - In what ways do you think the flavour ecosystem is doing well and what ways can it be improved?

 20:21 <AlsoItzSwirlz> soumyadghosh: whoops, sorry for not answering the second part of your question. I personally am not a fan of the idea of *all* of Cinnamon DE being in a snap, but I like the idea of supporting in its package manager... though I think Ubuntu Cinnamon uses synaptic and snaps can be downloaded from Adwaita

 20:21 <AlsoItzSwirlz> Integration with the desktop updater for snaps is godo though

 20:22 <AlsoItzSwirlz> s/Adwaita/gnome software

 20:22 <mapreri> "downloaded from adwaita"?  that's not something that downloads things, is it now? :pensive:.... you caught it before I sent the msg :D

 20:23 <AlsoItzSwirlz> AaronPrisk: Flavors have never been more connected and cooperative when it comes to helping each other than right now. I floated the idea a while back about everyone using a colored version of the default Ubuntu wallpaper as the default flavor background, but that didn't really happen. I'm not sure if everyone would like that idea

 20:23 <soumyadghosh> AlsoItzSwirlz Yes, but gnome software is not that great with both managing channels for snaps or the permissions of the snaps. Do you have any plans about it?

 20:24 <soumyadghosh> You've already shared your idea about Ubuntu Core so no questions about that.

 20:24 <AlsoItzSwirlz> soumyadghosh: i'd have to look at it. I know for Flatpak GNOME Software has some integration, maybe something like that could be done

 20:25 <AlsoItzSwirlz> Actually I do recall last week when I setup some screenshots for an installer slideshow that it was a bit weird trying to select a channel

 20:25 <soumyadghosh> AlsoItzSwirlz Ideally, the gnome software is not really a good choice, the plugin for snaps is not that great. If you require any help in that regards, please let me know

 20:26 <soumyadghosh> And thanks a lot for your answer.

 20:26 <AlsoItzSwirlz> soumyadghosh: Will do, I personally haven't had (or heard of others) having issues with GNOME Software for Snaps but it genuinely does sound like something that should be taken care of

 20:27 <AaronPrisk> One more question from me - As one of our younger developers, are there ways you think we can better reach out to young folks and hopefully see them turn into active contributors and future members?

 20:27 <Wild_Man> Any more questions before we vote?

 20:27 <AlsoItzSwirlz> AaronPrisk: Well... something I could look into is trying to see if I can setup the kind of integrations with smart devices that make other OS's more "feasible" for linux platforms

 20:28 <AaronPrisk> Thanks for the answers, Joshua!

 20:28 <AlsoItzSwirlz> (Though we live in an age where the other options are ads + spyware and the other is "hope you got money!" so I think for the most part people don't know Linux exists, or that the entire world runs on it)

 20:29 <AlsoItzSwirlz> IMO, even at my school, *nix and systems programming is not appreciated enough. It's all about the web apps and that stuff now... there is so much more when you go deeper

 20:29 <AlsoItzSwirlz> Sorry if I spoke too much.

 20:29 <soumyadghosh> AlsoItzSwirlz schools never appreciate Linux

 20:30 <Wild_Man> #voters Wild_Man Bashing-om MariusQuabeck soumyadghosh AaronPrisk mapreri

 20:30 <meetingology> Current voters: AaronPrisk, Bashing-om, MariusQuabeck, Wild_Man, mapreri, soumyadghosh

 20:30 <mapreri> AlsoItzSwirlz: you definitely didn't speak "too much", worry not! :)

 20:30 <AlsoItzSwirlz> soumyadghosh: Well a new teacher took a break in the AP Computer Science A class with the sophomores and did some systems programming, and my friend installed Ubuntu, so that's a W as far as I'm concerned.

 20:30 <AlsoItzSwirlz> Also our cybersecurity club suggests WSL and what a shocker, Ubuntu is kind of the preference

 20:30 <Wild_Man> +1

 20:30 <soumyadghosh> +1

 20:30 <MariusQuabeck> +1

 20:30 <Bashing-om> +1

 20:30 <mapreri> didn't start the vote!

 20:30 <AlsoItzSwirlz> xD

 20:31 <AaronPrisk> +1

 20:31 <mapreri> Wild_Man: use #vote ?

 20:31 <soumyadghosh> #vote +1

 20:31 <Wild_Man> #vote on AlsoItzSwirlz membership application

 20:31 <meetingology> Please vote on: on AlsoItzSwirlz membership application

 20:31 <meetingology> Public votes can be registered by saying +1, -1 or +0 in channel (for private voting, private message me with 'vote +1|-1|+0 #channelname')

 20:32 <soumyadghosh> +1

 20:32 <meetingology> +1 received from soumyadghosh

 20:32 <MariusQuabeck> +1

 20:32 <Wild_Man> +1

 20:32 <meetingology> +1 received from MariusQuabeck

 20:32 <meetingology> +1 received from Wild_Man

 20:32 <mapreri> +1 looking forward for your renewed efforts! :D

 20:32 <AaronPrisk> +1

 20:32 <meetingology> +1 looking forward for your renewed efforts! :D received from mapreri

 20:32 <meetingology> +1 received from AaronPrisk

 20:32 <Bashing-om> +1

 20:32 <meetingology> +1 received from Bashing-om

 20:32 <Wild_Man> #endvote

 20:32 <meetingology> Voting ended on: on AlsoItzSwirlz membership application

 20:32 <meetingology> Votes for: 6, Votes against: 0, Abstentions: 0

 20:32 <meetingology> Motion carried

 20:33 <Wild_Man> #topic Congratulations to all the new members. Don't forget to check the perks at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/Membership#The_Perks and once

 20:33 <soumyadghosh> AlsoItzSwirlz Congratulations!

 20:33 <AlsoItzSwirlz> thank you everyone! :tada:

 20:33 <mapreri> congrats!

 20:33 <Bashing-om> congrats 2

 20:34 <Wild_Man> Congratulations

 20:34 <MariusQuabeck> congrats! added to lp team

 20:34 <AaronPrisk> Congrats Joshua! Well deserved!

 20:34 <AlsoItzSwirlz> <3

 20:34 <Wild_Man> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)