== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team meeting, started by juliank, 13 Mar at 15:01 &mdash; 15:35 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2025/ubuntu-meeting.2025-03-13-15.01.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning rounds ===

Discussion started by juliank at 15:01.

 * ''LINK:'' https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/foundations-team-updates-thursday-2025-03-13/57051   (juliank, 15:02)

=== Release incoming bugs ===

Discussion started by juliank at 15:15.

 * ''LINK:'' http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/rls-mgr/rls-pp-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs   (juliank, 15:15)

=== Team proposed-migration report ===

Discussion started by juliank at 15:23.

 * ''LINK:'' https://ubuntu-archive-team.ubuntu.com/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs   (juliank, 15:23)

=== AOB ===

Discussion started by juliank at 15:33.




== People present (lines said) ==

 * juliank (24)
 * utkarsh2102 (4)
 * adrien (3)
 * meetingology (2)
 * ginggs (2)
 * andersson123 (2)
 * schopin (2)
 * zhsj (1)
 * bdrung (1)
 * Skia (1)



== Full log ==


 15:01 <juliank> #startmeeting Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team

 15:01 <meetingology> Meeting started at 15:01:48 UTC.  The chair is juliank.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 15:01 <ginggs> o/

 15:01 <zhsj> o.

 15:01 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 15:01 <juliank> #topic Lightning rounds

 15:01 <andersson123> o/

 15:02 <juliank> #link https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/foundations-team-updates-thursday-2025-03-13/57051

 15:02 <adrien> I may drop in 28 minutes for another meeting

 15:04 <bdrung> \o

 15:12 <ginggs> adrien: strace migrated?  https://launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/strace missing build on s390x, but we'll talk later during proposed-migration :0

 15:15 <adrien> ginggs: doh! so, a) I think I saw it in excuses and then not anymore... I may need new glasses

 15:15 <utkarsh2102> \o

 15:15 * Skia got bitten by the weird timezone o7

 15:15 <juliank> #topic Release incoming bugs

 15:15 <juliank> #link http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/rls-mgr/rls-pp-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 15:15 <juliank> bug 2101101

 15:15 <utkarsh2102> andersson123, uralt: a chance to pick up something you'd like^

 15:16 <schopin> Oh right I should have untagged that one.

 15:16 <juliank> I think this is with schopin

 15:16 <juliank> movin on then

 15:16 <juliank> bug 2100618

 15:17 <schopin> utkarsh2102: I'm confused, do you want andersson123 to handle the glibc update?

 15:17 <utkarsh2102> no nooo

 15:17 <utkarsh2102> just wanted to highlight them the link and the topic :)

 15:17 <juliank> untagged; assigned to waveform

 15:17 <juliank> bug 2101890

 15:20 <andersson123> oh lord please don't make me handle a glibc update :(

 15:21 <juliank> bug 2099811

 15:21 <juliank> oh sorry

 15:21 <juliank> build-essential untagged and commented, already tracked in jira

 15:22 <juliank> os-prober is won't fix for os-prober, the fix was shipped in apparmor; untagging

 15:23 <juliank> So noble only has bugss 1888347  and 2098093  which have no update yet, nothing to do there

 15:23 <juliank> and the others are empty

 15:23 <juliank> #topic Team proposed-migration report

 15:23 <juliank> #link https://ubuntu-archive-team.ubuntu.com/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs

 15:29 <juliank> strace: adrien

 15:30 <adrien> ack

 15:31 <juliank> initramfs-tools vs edk2: tsimonq2 synced edk2 without a FFe, it's failing now, should probably be removed

 15:33 <juliank> #topic AOB

 15:33 <juliank> Any other business?

 15:35 <juliank> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)