== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status meeting, started by slyon, 17 Oct at 14:32 &mdash; 14:49 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2023/ubuntu-meeting.2023-10-17-14.32.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== current component mismatches ===

Discussion started by slyon at 14:32.

 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg   (slyon, 14:32)
 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg   (slyon, 14:32)

=== New MIRs ===

Discussion started by slyon at 14:33.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=NEW&field.status%3Alist=CONFIRMED&assignee_option=none&field.assignee=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (slyon, 14:33)

=== Incomplete bugs / questions ===

Discussion started by slyon at 14:36.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (slyon, 14:36)

=== Process/Documentation improvements ===

Discussion started by slyon at 14:40.

 * ''LINK:'' https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/pulls   (slyon, 14:40)
 * ''LINK:'' https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/issues   (slyon, 14:40)

=== MIR related Security Review Queue ===

Discussion started by slyon at 14:41.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-security/+bugs?field.searchtext=%5BMIR%5D&assignee_option=choose&field.assignee=ubuntu-security&field.bug_reporter=&field.bug_commenter=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (slyon, 14:41)
 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-security/+bugs?field.searchtext=[MIR]&assignee_option=choose&field.assignee=ubuntu-security&field.bug_reporter=&field.bug_commenter=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (slyon, 14:41)
 * ''LINK:'' https://warthogs.atlassian.net/jira/software/c/projects/SEC/boards/594   (slyon, 14:41)

=== Any other business? ===

Discussion started by slyon at 14:47.




== People present (lines said) ==

 * slyon (46)
 * sarnold (9)
 * eslerm (7)
 * joalif (4)
 * meetingology (2)



== Full log ==


 14:32 <slyon> #startmeeting Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status

 14:32 <meetingology> Meeting started at 14:32:32 UTC.  The chair is slyon.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 14:32 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 14:32 <joalif> ο/

 14:32 <slyon> Ping for MIR meeting - didrocks joalif slyon sarnold c_paelzer jamespage ( eslerm dviererbe )

 14:32 <slyon> #topic current component mismatches

 14:32 <slyon> Mission: Identify required actions and spread the load among the teams

 14:32 <slyon> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg

 14:32 <slyon> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg

 14:33 <slyon> Nothing new (as expected, archive is still frozen)

 14:33 <slyon> #topic New MIRs

 14:33 <slyon> Mission: ensure to assign all incoming reviews for fast processing

 14:33 <slyon> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=NEW&field.status%3Alist=CONFIRMED&assignee_option=none&field.assignee=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 14:33 <sarnold> oh hello perl

 14:33 <slyon> We have a bunch of reviews to do for the big libmail-dmarc-perl tree

 14:34 <slyon> I guess we have 3 reviewer here today (incl. didrocks who agreed to take 1 per week). So let's just assign a few.

 14:34 <slyon> I'd like to take the libnet-idn-encode-perl one as I have some context on that.

 14:34 <slyon> Any preference, joalif ?

 14:35 <joalif> none in particular, no preference

 14:35 <slyon> ok. So bug #2039456 for joalif

 14:35 <joalif> ok

 14:35 <slyon> bug #2038929 for slyon

 14:35 <slyon> bug #2037405 for didrocks

 14:36 <slyon> The rest needs to wait for next week due to our rate-limiting.

 14:36 <slyon> (of course anybody is free to voluntarily pick more)

 14:36 <slyon> #topic Incomplete bugs / questions

 14:36 <slyon> Mission: Identify required actions and spread the load among the teams

 14:36 <slyon> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 14:37 <slyon> update on bug #1877696 from eslerm – nothing to do for us

 14:38 <slyon> update on bug #2023971 ...

 14:39 <sarnold> mirespace has been *busy*

 14:39 * slyon re-assigning didrocks to bug #2039563 as that should get priority over the libemail-abstract-perl one, according to Miriam's update here

 14:40 <slyon> Indeed! Lot's of work went into this package splitting and paperwork!

 14:40 <slyon> #topic Process/Documentation improvements

 14:40 <slyon> Mission: Review pending process/documentation pull-requests or issues

 14:40 <slyon> #link https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/pulls

 14:40 <slyon> #link https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/issues

 14:41 <slyon> Nothing new...

 14:41 <slyon> #topic MIR related Security Review Queue

 14:41 <slyon> Mission: Check on progress, do deadlines seem doable?

 14:41 <slyon> Some clients can only work with one, some with the other escaping - the URLs point to the same place.

 14:41 <slyon> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-security/+bugs?field.searchtext=%5BMIR%5D&assignee_option=choose&field.assignee=ubuntu-security&field.bug_reporter=&field.bug_commenter=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 14:41 <slyon> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-security/+bugs?field.searchtext=[MIR]&assignee_option=choose&field.assignee=ubuntu-security&field.bug_reporter=&field.bug_commenter=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 14:41 <slyon> Internal link

 14:41 <slyon> #link https://warthogs.atlassian.net/jira/software/c/projects/SEC/boards/594

 14:41 <slyon> eslerm: sarnold: Any updates?

 14:42 <sarnold> I've been out for nearly three weeks, no context on anything lately :)

 14:42 <eslerm> we're going to make a PR to request no new security MIRs after a certain date, perhaps beta freeze, without approval from Alex or similar

 14:42 <eslerm> the x13s packages were a bit tight, and rough

 14:43 <slyon> Yes, those were VERY last-minute.

 14:43 <sarnold> we've never liked the lack of deadlines but understood that we didn't have the capacity to do better

 14:43 <slyon> Refining this policy through a PR sounds like a good plan. I'm looking forward to your proposal!

 14:44 <sarnold> we're doing better now, and having some more predictability on when exactly we expect a cycle's requests to be made has been making more and more sense, and the x13s packages just crystalized that this could be done better for everyone :)

 14:44 <eslerm> nothing much else new, we have been discussing fuzzing all the new perl packages

 14:44 <sarnold> i'm leaning towards MIRs need to be filed before feature freeze, but there's good arguments for lots of dates. please do try to think about what would make the most sense

 14:45 <slyon> Yes. We should all think about that already, so we can comment on the PR, once ready.

 14:45 <eslerm> will do, I was thinking of two dates possibly, the latter being actual assignment to our team

 14:46 <sarnold> I think that's us done

 14:47 <slyon> #topic Any other business?

 14:47 <eslerm> none

 14:47 <sarnold> i'll try to get to the new meeting time poll soon, but this is a hiring-heavy week

 14:48 <slyon> ^ Good! I think we're missing some more votes on that one (check your emails for the link)

 14:48 <eslerm> ^^

 14:49 <slyon> Thanks, that's all folks! Enjoy 10 min back :)

 14:49 <sarnold> woot, thanks slyon, eslerm, joalif :)

 14:49 <eslerm> thanks all o/

 14:49 <joalif> thnaks slyon, all :)

 14:49 <slyon> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)