== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team meeting, started by schopin, 03 Aug at 15:08 &mdash; 15:58 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2023/ubuntu-meeting.2023-08-03-15.08.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning rounds ===

Discussion started by schopin at 15:08.

 * ''LINK:'' https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/foundations-team-updates-thursday-03-aug-2023/37534   (schopin, 15:09)

=== Release incoming bugs ===

Discussion started by schopin at 15:20.

 * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-mm-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs   (schopin, 15:20)
 * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ll-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs   (schopin, 15:28)
 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/openssh/+bug/2004551   (ogayot, 15:30)
 * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ff-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs   (schopin, 15:35)

=== Team proposed-migration report ===

Discussion started by schopin at 15:36.

 * ''LINK:'' https://ubuntu-archive-team.ubuntu.com/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs   (schopin, 15:36)

=== AOB ===

Discussion started by schopin at 15:52.

 * ''LINK:'' https://merges.ubuntu.com/universe.html   (ginggs, 15:54)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * juliank (56)
 * schopin (35)
 * ginggs (5)
 * enr0n (4)
 * bdrung (4)
 * slyon (3)
 * pushkarnk (3)
 * meetingology (2)
 * dbungert (2)
 * ogayot (2)
 * dviererbe (2)
 * zhsj (1)
 * danilogondolfo (1)
 * xypron (1)
 * mateus-morais (1)
 * liushuyu (1)



== Full log ==


 15:08 <schopin> #startmeeting Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team

 15:08 <meetingology> Meeting started at 15:08:38 UTC.  The chair is schopin.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 15:08 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 15:08 <schopin> #topic Lightning rounds

 15:09 <schopin> #link https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/foundations-team-updates-thursday-03-aug-2023/37534

 15:09 <schopin> Let's take a few minutes to read each other's status :)

 15:10 <schopin> enr0n: re the deb822 migration, doesn't moving stuff from sources.list to ubuntu.sources impact the order of the sources?

 15:10 <enr0n> schopin: like order in the file? Or what do you mean?

 15:11 <schopin> in the sources.list man page it's stated that "it is important to list sources in order of preference". I'm guessing moving files around will change said order.

 15:11 <enr0n> Oh, yeah that's addressed in the spec (https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/spec-apt-deb822-sources-by-default/29333).

 15:12 <schopin> neat, thanks :)

 15:12 <juliank> I'm considering making the order not important

 15:12 <juliank> Parallelize downloads if multiple mirrors have same file basically

 15:14 <bdrung> didn't we want to have security.ubuntu.com last to prefer pulling stuff from the mirrors instead?

 15:16 <juliank> that's true

 15:16 <juliank> But we can add and use source priorities for that

 15:17 <juliank> I guess they're also pin priorities at the same time :D

 15:17 <bdrung> juliank, are source priorities documented somewhere?

 15:17 <juliank> They don't exist yet

 15:18 <juliank> That's why I wrote *add*

 15:18 <bdrung> ah, okay

 15:18 <juliank> But I admit I messed up the tenses :D

 15:19 <schopin> Anything else?

 15:19 <juliank> Please test grub 2.12, I push to mantic release on Monday

 15:19 <juliank> :D

 15:19 <schopin> Alright, on that note, moving on :)

 15:20 <schopin> #topic Release incoming bugs

 15:20 <schopin> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-mm-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 15:21 <schopin> bug 2028888

 15:21 <schopin> That sounds rather unfortunate!

 15:22 <juliank> Hmm, should be assigned elsewhere, livecd-rootfs?

 15:22 <juliank> the meta package can't force snaps to be installed

 15:22 <juliank> Reassign there and tag foundations-todo?

 15:22 <dbungert> I don't know if this is a canary issue or a livecd-rootfs issue or an issue with how desktop is restructuring what is part of the default install

 15:23 <juliank> it's not a meta package restructuring issue

 15:23 <juliank> the deb for firefox is installed as the output says

 15:23 <juliank> but the snap isn't

 15:23 <juliank> Or I guess the snap needs to be seeded too?

 15:24 <juliank> The snap:firefox is in the desktop-minimal seed

 15:25 <juliank> But I think next step is analysing image build logs, so it makes sense to assign to livecd-rootfs as a starting point

 15:25 <schopin> Sounds good to me, I guess.

 15:25 <juliank> lemme update the bug and we can move on in parallel

 15:26 <schopin> thanks

 15:26 <schopin> bug 2017401

 15:28 <schopin> to be handled by server, nothing to do for us.

 15:28 <schopin> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ll-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 15:29 <schopin> shared custody, but explicitly tagged by Steve for us.

 15:30 <juliank> schopin: what bug are you talking about?

 15:30 <ogayot> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/openssh/+bug/2004551

 15:30 <schopin> Oh right :)

 15:31 <schopin> thanks ogayot

 15:34 <schopin> nothing actionable for us there as nobody seems to be able to reproduce it, let's leave the tag to revisit it next week, enr0n to try to look at it meanwhile.

 15:35 <schopin> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ff-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 15:35 <schopin> nothing new for us there

 15:35 <juliank> also nothing in jammy fwiw

 15:36 <schopin> #topic Team proposed-migration report

 15:36 <schopin> #link https://ubuntu-archive-team.ubuntu.com/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs

 15:37 <juliank> python-reportlab

 15:37 <juliank> MIR stuff to be demoted

 15:37 <juliank> cryptsetup blocking linux-meta (6.3.0.7.8 to 6.3.0.7.9) for 15 days

 15:39 <zhsj> kmod vs dpdk-kmods needs a retry, just clicked for arm64 and ppc64el (i already clicked retry on amd64 before)

 15:39 <juliank> cryptsetup: bdrung

 15:40 <bdrung> ack

 15:40 <juliank> tpm2-tss: danilogondolfo

 15:41 <juliank> sorry

 15:41 <juliank> tpm2-tss: dviererbe

 15:42 <juliank> vim

 15:42 <juliank> I actually uploaded that but have no cycles to investigate the build test failures, soo much flakyness

 15:43 <juliank> vim: danilogondolfo (check if retry ppc64el works, maybe dig some more)

 15:43 <danilogondolfo> juliank, ack

 15:44 <juliank> kmod vs dpdk-kmods: zhsj

 15:44 <juliank> which already retried :)

 15:45 <juliank> dbus: is with ogayot afaict

 15:45 <juliank> dbus-python is the same thing

 15:45 <juliank> both are failures in openrazer-drivers missing gcc-12

 15:45 <ogayot> juliank: ack, will look at dbus. I uploaded it

 15:46 <juliank> You also have a Jira issue for it from July 20

 15:46 <juliank> livecd-rootfs blocking lsb-release-minimal

 15:46 <juliank> livecd-rootfs blocking lsb-release-minimal: ginggs

 15:46 <ginggs> ack

 15:47 <juliank> lsb-release-minimal vs zfs-linux: xypron

 15:48 <xypron> juliank: next week I on the armhf shift

 15:48 <juliank> ok

 15:48 <juliank> lsb-release-minimal vs zfs-linux: slyon

 15:48 <slyon> ok

 15:48 <juliank> e2fsprogs vs initramfs-tools: mateus-morais

 15:48 <mateus-morais> ack

 15:48 <juliank> e2fsprogs vs livecd-roots livecd-rootfs: enr0n

 15:48 <juliank> sigh typo

 15:49 <enr0n> ack

 15:49 <juliank> curl: pushkarnk

 15:49 <pushkarnk> ack

 15:50 <juliank> cmake vs khronos-opencl-clhpp: schopin

 15:50 <schopin> ack

 15:51 <juliank> cmake vs wslay: liushuyu

 15:51 <liushuyu> juliank: ack

 15:51 <juliank> We ran out of new stuff and people in the meeting so everyone who's not here today gets a free pass

 15:51 <juliank> :D

 15:52 <juliank> schopin: back to you

 15:52 <schopin> thanks

 15:52 <schopin> #topic AOB

 15:52 <schopin> Any vacation coming up?

 15:52 <dbungert> I'm at a conference half of next week, including jammy point release.  ogayot to be on hand to help with subiquity if needed

 15:53 <dviererbe> As mentioned in my Discourse Update, I am out for 2 weeks, starting next week

 15:54 <ginggs> winter is coming

 15:54 <slyon> Feature Freeze is coming up next week

 15:54 <ginggs> yes, that :)

 15:54 <dviererbe> :D

 15:54 <ginggs> https://merges.ubuntu.com/universe.html

 15:54 <enr0n> I thought that was Aug 17

 15:54 <ginggs> please do look at your TIL universe merges

 15:55 <schopin> slyon: fake news!

 15:55 <slyon> sorry my bad :) we have one extra week

 15:55 <juliank> Next week is grub 2.12 landing day

 15:55 <juliank> :D

 15:55 <juliank> And my off week

 15:55 <schopin> and glibc too.

 15:55 <pushkarnk> juliank:

 15:55 <schopin> and openssl

 15:56 <juliank> well 2.12~rc1 landing day for mantic release pocket :)

 15:56 <pushkarnk> (ignore my empty message)

 15:57 <schopin> Anything else?

 15:58 <schopin> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)