== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status meeting, started by cpaelzer, 28 Mar at 14:34 &mdash; 14:57 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2023/ubuntu-meeting.2023-03-28-14.34.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== current component mismatches ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 14:35.

 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg   (cpaelzer, 14:35)
 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg   (cpaelzer, 14:35)
 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/inetutils/+bug/2008789   (cpaelzer, 14:36)

=== New MIRs ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 14:37.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=NEW&field.status%3Alist=CONFIRMED&assignee_option=none&field.assignee=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (cpaelzer, 14:37)

=== Incomplete bugs / questions ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 14:37.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (cpaelzer, 14:37)
 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/lua5.4/+bug/1909665 came up because of me  (cpaelzer, 14:39)

=== MIR related Security Review Queue ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 14:41.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-security/+bugs?field.searchtext=%5BMIR%5D&assignee_option=choose&field.assignee=ubuntu-security&field.bug_reporter=&field.bug_commenter=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (cpaelzer, 14:41)
 * ''LINK:'' https://warthogs.atlassian.net/jira/software/c/projects/SEC/boards/594   (cpaelzer, 14:41)

=== Any other business? ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 14:46.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/pcs/+bug/1953341 can serve as a reference that it works fine  (cpaelzer, 14:53)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * cpaelzer (100)
 * slyon (20)
 * sarnold (16)
 * eslerm (9)
 * meetingology (2)
 * joalif (1)



== Full log ==


 14:34 <cpaelzer> #startmeeting Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status

 14:34 <meetingology> Meeting started at 14:34:53 UTC.  The chair is cpaelzer.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 14:34 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 14:35 <cpaelzer> Ping for MIR meeting - didrocks joalif slyon sarnold cpaelzer jamespage eslerm

 14:35 <cpaelzer> #topic current component mismatches

 14:35 <cpaelzer> Mission: Identify required actions and spread the load among the teams

 14:35 <cpaelzer> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg

 14:35 <cpaelzer> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg

 14:35 <cpaelzer> I've sorted out mosh this morning

 14:35 <cpaelzer> some others I've seen handled by others

 14:35 <slyon> regarding bug #2008789 this is our (Foundations) top priority for this cycle.

 14:35 <cpaelzer> so mistmatchs with that plus being in freeze for a while LGTM

 14:35 <cpaelzer> jaraco is still up

 14:35 <slyon> I know we're way too late with that one (sorry for that!)

 14:36 <cpaelzer> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/inetutils/+bug/2008789

 14:36 <cpaelzer> that (urgency) will be needed in the security section of this meeting

 14:36 <cpaelzer> because that is where it is at the moment

 14:36 <slyon> it was an odd situation with the previous package being dropped from Debian and Ubuntu too early. and now we have inetutils-telnet in the seeds...

 14:36 <sarnold> ack in both meanings..

 14:36 <cpaelzer> no action on mismatches

 14:36 <slyon> so if we can please prioritize this for sec-review, sarnold ?

 14:37 <cpaelzer> I'm ignoring this rightful request of slyon until the section of the meeting where it fits is on :-P

 14:37 <cpaelzer> #topic New MIRs

 14:37 <cpaelzer> Mission: ensure to assign all incoming reviews for fast processing

 14:37 <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=NEW&field.status%3Alist=CONFIRMED&assignee_option=none&field.assignee=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 14:37 <cpaelzer> nothing, going on#

 14:37 <cpaelzer> #topic Incomplete bugs / questions

 14:37 <cpaelzer> Mission: Identify required actions and spread the load among the teams

 14:37 <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 14:37 <cpaelzer> I now remember, something in regard to printing was the other resolved case that flew by

 14:38 <cpaelzer> a few recent updates, checking ...

 14:38 <slyon> we've got some answers for didrocks on bug #1993819 (cargo MIR)

 14:38 <cpaelzer> cargo discussions https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/cargo/+bug/1993819

 14:39 <cpaelzer> I assume Zixing and anyone else ont he case will continue

 14:39 <cpaelzer> and we will see it again once all is clarified

 14:39 <cpaelzer> I see no action for us as of now

 14:39 <cpaelzer> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/lua5.4/+bug/1909665 came up because of me

 14:39 <slyon> Yes, Zixing is taking over from Simon, trying to push the caro MIRs

 14:40 <cpaelzer> yep, seen that in the bug

 14:40 <cpaelzer> we want - next cycle - have a look at changing the lua in main to the newer version (lots of deps to check)

 14:40 <cpaelzer> no action now on that

 14:40 <cpaelzer> and the last with a recent update https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/gnome-shell-extension-tiling-assistant/+bug/2007710

 14:41 <cpaelzer> that got an ack by didrocks

 14:41 <cpaelzer> and the requested change is being worked on

 14:41 <cpaelzer> I expect that to come back to us once landed in Lunar

 14:41 <cpaelzer> and then it should be fine

 14:41 <cpaelzer> #topic MIR related Security Review Queue

 14:41 <cpaelzer> Mission: Check on progress, do deadlines seem doable?

 14:41 <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-security/+bugs?field.searchtext=%5BMIR%5D&assignee_option=choose&field.assignee=ubuntu-security&field.bug_reporter=&field.bug_commenter=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 14:41 <cpaelzer> Internal link

 14:41 <cpaelzer> - ensure your teams items are prioritized among each other as you'd expect

 14:41 <cpaelzer> - ensure community requests do not get stomped by teams calling for favors too much

 14:41 <cpaelzer> #link https://warthogs.atlassian.net/jira/software/c/projects/SEC/boards/594

 14:41 <cpaelzer> slyon: no it is your turn to ask

 14:42 <sarnold> :D

 14:42 <slyon> :)

 14:42 <slyon> as stated earlier, bug #2008789 is foundations top priority (still for this cycle)

 14:42 <slyon> we hope the security team can support us with that.

 14:42 <eslerm> can do

 14:42 <slyon> thanks a lot eslerm

 14:42 <cpaelzer> ok, considering that resolved

 14:42 <cpaelzer> It is my turn to beg

 14:42 <cpaelzer> sarnold: isc-kea

 14:42 <cpaelzer> servers remaining big item

 14:43 <cpaelzer> being important to land in time before 24.04

 14:43 <cpaelzer> upstream stopped servicing the alternative

 14:43 <cpaelzer> ...

 14:43 <sarnold> cpaelzer: my intention is to start it today -- I'm hoping eslerm has the time to knock telnet out of the park today :)

 14:43 <cpaelzer> *reasons*

 14:43 <eslerm> o.o

 14:43 <cpaelzer> eslerm: while working on telnet, could you send sarnold a message to look at kea every ~15 minutes please?

 14:43 <sarnold> <3  :)

 14:44 <eslerm> will do cpaelzer :)

 14:44 <cpaelzer> thank you

 14:44 <cpaelzer> both!

 14:44 <cpaelzer> sarnold: if you do not complete it I'll need a pic of you to put it aside the red items :-)

 14:44 <cpaelzer> no pressure :-P

 14:44 <sarnold> oh man I take awesome selfies

 14:44 <sarnold> it's gonna be your best presentation yet

 14:44 <sarnold> "encore!" they'll all be shouting..

 14:44 <cpaelzer> but back to normal, the rest here looks reasonable as none others are "uaaah, has to be 23.04" right?

 14:45 <slyon> eslerm: FYI: the inetuils MIR is only about inetutils-telnet, so you should be able to ignore plenty of unrelated stuff.

 14:45 <cpaelzer> sarnold: if you start on it today

 14:45 <eslerm> good to know, thanks

 14:45 <cpaelzer> how about moving kea to "in progress"

 14:46 <cpaelzer> to reflect the hopefully happening transition today?

 14:46 <cpaelzer> and inetutils-telnet is not even in jira yet

 14:46 <cpaelzer> if you need it, you might need to create it first eslerm

 14:46 <cpaelzer> things seem to settle, I guess it is time for ...

 14:46 <cpaelzer> #topic Any other business?

 14:46 <slyon> right. the MIR ACK was just received a few hours ago from joalif (thanks for that!)

 14:46 <sarnold> was that one of the ones that ran into jira's 64k limit?

 14:46 <sarnold> oh right

 14:47 <cpaelzer> 64k what?

 14:47 <cpaelzer> items

 14:47 <sarnold> jira's got a 64k limit on descriptions

 14:47 <sarnold> so the lp-to-jira tooling we've been using falls over on some of the MIRs

 14:47 <cpaelzer> I see

 14:47 <slyon> cpaelzer: last meeting we had some discussions about https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/pull/14

 14:47 <cpaelzer> dviererbe: has there been any engagement on issues/community?

 14:47 <sarnold> slyon: oh dang, good memory there :) hehe

 14:47 <cpaelzer> slyon: yeah I tried to sort out most of them with dviererbe

 14:48 <cpaelzer> and I agree it should just become part of the regular process to ahve a look

 14:48 <cpaelzer> +1 form me as well

 14:48 <slyon> I guess we can handle the review/+1/-1 on github. and get it merged eventually, so we don't have to remember it anymore :)

 14:48 <cpaelzer> I'd merge unless there are objections

 14:49 <cpaelzer> ok, seems none

 14:49 <cpaelzer> and it just makes sense to do that

 14:49 <cpaelzer> should we, while at it also add to look at issues?

 14:49 <cpaelzer> will in 99/100 be empty but it is a quick and trivial check

 14:49 <sarnold> +1

 14:50 <slyon> we've also had https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/pull/15 from eslerm, which could use some feedback on github (myself included)

 14:51 <sarnold> should there be an explicit "one-to-one packages and bugs" text?

 14:52 <cpaelzer> I added link to issues as well now

 14:52 <eslerm> I could add a bullet with text for one-to-one package per bug

 14:52 <cpaelzer> I just wanted to write, but I would have written what slyon said already

 14:52 <cpaelzer> "It's a bit more effort for the reporter (and cross linking), but keeps the overall process much cleaner."

 14:53 <cpaelzer> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/pcs/+bug/1953341 can serve as a reference that it works fine

 14:53 <cpaelzer> and that was with MANY affected packages

 14:53 <slyon> indeed

 14:53 <eslerm> I'm very grateful that pcs had seperate bugs

 14:54 <cpaelzer> eslerm, I think removing the lines you suggest to remove is fine

 14:54 <cpaelzer> eslerm: but I think we need to spell out what we expect

 14:54 <slyon> eslerm: sarnold: I like adding that one bullet point to make it explicit

 14:54 <cpaelzer> maybe you could update your PR to still satrt with " In case of a single context/reasoning, but multiple packages to promote please"

 14:54 <slyon> +1

 14:55 <cpaelzer> eslerm: but then say what we expect like "... file a separate bug for each. It is ok to keep the central reasoning/discussion in one place and link from there"

 14:55 <eslerm> sounds good, I'll update the PR by next meeting

 14:55 <cpaelzer> plus maybe https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/pcs/+bug/1953341 can be an example for that

 14:55 <cpaelzer> eslerm: ok

 14:55 <cpaelzer> eslerm: and by having added it to the agenda we will pick it up next week

 14:55 <eslerm> thanks, makes sense to keep the shared reasoning in one bug

 14:56 <cpaelzer> copied to the PR

 14:56 <cpaelzer> so that people not following the meeting understadn what is going on

 14:56 <cpaelzer> ok, that seems to be it

 14:56 <cpaelzer> any other business by any of you?

 14:56 <slyon> nothing

 14:56 <cpaelzer> nothing here

 14:56 <eslerm> same

 14:56 <joalif> nothing

 14:57 <sarnold> nothing here

 14:57 <cpaelzer> thank you all

 14:57 <cpaelzer> let me end the meeting then

 14:57 <cpaelzer> enjoy the week!

 14:57 <sarnold> thanks cpaelzer, all :) now I've got some photos to shoot..

 14:57 <cpaelzer> indeed

 14:57 <slyon> thanks cpaelzer, all! o/

 14:57 <cpaelzer> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)