== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status meeting, started by cpaelzer_, 17 Jan at 15:30 &mdash; 12:11 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2023/ubuntu-meeting.2023-01-17-15.30.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== current component mismatches ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer_ at 15:31.

 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg   (cpaelzer_, 15:31)
 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg   (cpaelzer_, 15:31)
 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/pkgconf/+bug/1998095   (cpaelzer, 15:35)
 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=NEW&field.status%3Alist=CONFIRMED&assignee_option=none&field.assignee=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (cpaelzer, 15:37)
 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (cpaelzer, 15:42)
 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-security/+bugs?field.searchtext=%5BMIR%5D&assignee_option=choose&field.assignee=ubuntu-security&field.bug_reporter=&field.bug_commenter=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (cpaelzer, 15:43)
 * ''LINK:'' https://warthogs.atlassian.net/jira/software/c/projects/SEC/boards/594   (cpaelzer, 15:44)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * cpaelzer (63)
 * cpaelzer_ (11)
 * slyon (11)
 * joalif (10)
 * sarnold (9)
 * didrocks (7)
 * diddledani (6)
 * aaron-whitehouse (3)
 * Kilos- (3)
 * meetingology (2)
 * diddledani_ (2)
 * mapreri (2)
 * jamespage (1)
 * fenris (1)



== Full log ==


 15:30 <cpaelzer_> #startmeeting Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status

 15:30 <meetingology> Meeting started at 15:30:59 UTC.  The chair is cpaelzer_.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 15:31 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 15:31 <cpaelzer_> Ping for MIR meeting - didrocks joalif slyon sarnold cpaelzer jamespage

 15:31 <cpaelzer_> we are closing week by week towards feature freeze, I'm sure there will be many last minute panic actions :-P

 15:31 <cpaelzer_> so let us have a look

 15:31 <cpaelzer_> #topic current component mismatches

 15:31 <cpaelzer_> Mission: Identify required actions and spread the load among the teams

 15:31 <cpaelzer_> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg

 15:31 <cpaelzer_> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg

 15:32 <joalif> o/

 15:32 <cpaelzer_> slyon: it seems steve didn't agree on your detection as false positive

 15:32 <cpaelzer_> slyon: https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/plzip/+bug/1980663

 15:32 <cpaelzer_> slyon: was that further discussed by now?

 15:32 <slyon> cpaelzer_: ACK. just uploaded a new package version today to solve that

 15:33 <cpaelzer> ah ok, considering that handled then ...

 15:33 <cpaelzer> thanks

 15:33 <slyon> its solved in -proposed already

 15:33 <cpaelzer> indeed, gone there

 15:33 <cpaelzer> jaraco and dependencies got worked on by jamespage and team

 15:33 <cpaelzer> licensecheck has a bunch of stubs by now

 15:34 <cpaelzer> ok that is slyon again

 15:34 <slyon> Also, I uploaded a new version of licensecheck, shrinking it's dependency tree a bit. But unfortunately a new dependency was added again in the meantime... so we need one MIR (to be handled by foundations)

 15:34 <cpaelzer> you must be busy

 15:34 <cpaelzer> but thanks for tackling it!

 15:34 <cpaelzer> ok and the odd broadcom-sta is just in #ubuntu-release asking for AA to have a look

 15:34 <cpaelzer> that should be nothing to act on for this week

 15:35 <cpaelzer> hmm, well we might have forgotten this one

 15:35 <cpaelzer> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/pkgconf/+bug/1998095

 15:35 <didrocks> (hey! sorry, I was lost in reviews)

 15:36 <cpaelzer> I haven't read through all of it yet, slyon / joalif - what is the state on this?

 15:36 <joalif> that's mine right ?

 15:36 <sarnold> yes

 15:36 <joalif> it's crazy over seg after new yeatr, i'll look at it this week

 15:36 <slyon> Foundations agreed to subscribe to that package, but we're not driving the MIR

 15:36 <cpaelzer> ok, thanks joalif

 15:36 <cpaelzer> slyon: who is driving it (if anything comes up)

 15:37 <slyon> LocutusOfBorg IIRC

 15:37 <cpaelzer> one of the purpose of this meeting is ensuring nothing falls through the cracks, this was one such case - glad we've seen it

 15:37 <cpaelzer> ok slyon

 15:37 <cpaelzer> #topic New MIRs

 15:37 <cpaelzer> Mission: ensure to assign all incoming reviews for fast processing

 15:37 <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=NEW&field.status%3Alist=CONFIRMED&assignee_option=none&field.assignee=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 15:37 <cpaelzer> 5 to distribute looking for reviewers

 15:38 <slyon> mdurl and python-typing-extensions are from foundations. so I'm stepping back from those.

 15:38 <cpaelzer> kea is ours I shouldn't review it myself if possible, I'd take cpdb-libs and xmltodict

 15:38 <slyon> I can take duktape or kea

 15:39 <cpaelzer> handing you kea for now

 15:39 <slyon> ack

 15:39 <joalif> i can take mdurl or python-typing-extensions

 15:39 <cpaelzer> joalif: didrocks: could you take mdurl or python-typing each?

 15:39 <cpaelzer> ok joalif any preference?

 15:39 <joalif> yup

 15:39 <joalif> mdurl

 15:39 <didrocks> happy with the python module then :)

 15:40 <cpaelzer> doktape is left looking for an owner

 15:40 <cpaelzer> I've already taken two today

 15:40 <cpaelzer> who thinks they are able to take one more?

 15:40 <cpaelzer> IRIC that was already a bit of a back and forth case right?

 15:40 <didrocks> I canâ€™t do this week nor the next one, need to boostrap some projects

 15:40 <slyon> I still have a carry-over from last week, so I'm full.

 15:40 <joalif> I already have 2

 15:41 <didrocks> the one after is still in the timeline, so, I can postpone it start of february

 15:41 <didrocks> (it's not like it was stuck for long anyway wanting on it to be ready)

 15:41 <joalif> but if it's not too urgent I can take, but wont work on it until next mtg

 15:41 <cpaelzer> well, let me take the suffering then and do it

 15:41 <cpaelzer> I can use it as excuse in a million other tasks

 15:42 * cpaelzer sees a MIR-half-day ahead of himself

 15:42 <cpaelzer> #topic Incomplete bugs / questions

 15:42 <cpaelzer> Mission: Identify required actions and spread the load among the teams

 15:42 <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 15:43 <cpaelzer> license is part of the complex that slyon is on already

 15:43 <cpaelzer> no action needed

 15:43 <cpaelzer> gnome-sushi was passed back to jbicha by didrocks

 15:43 <cpaelzer> no action form us either (right now)

 15:43 <cpaelzer> the rest is old

 15:43 <cpaelzer> that gets us to security ...

 15:43 <cpaelzer> #topic MIR related Security Review Queue

 15:43 <cpaelzer> Mission: Check on progress, do deadlines seem doable?

 15:43 <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-security/+bugs?field.searchtext=%5BMIR%5D&assignee_option=choose&field.assignee=ubuntu-security&field.bug_reporter=&field.bug_commenter=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 15:43 <cpaelzer> Internal link

 15:43 <cpaelzer> - ensure your teams items are prioritized among each other as you'd expect

 15:43 <cpaelzer> - ensure community requests do not get stomped by teams calling for favors too much

 15:44 <cpaelzer> #link https://warthogs.atlassian.net/jira/software/c/projects/SEC/boards/594

 15:44 <sarnold> mark has been doing good work on ruby-rack and ruby-sinatra, if those aren't done yet, they probably will be done soon :)

 15:44 <cpaelzer> they are complete

 15:44 <sarnold> \o/

 15:44 <cpaelzer> 12 in backlog, 4 in progress right now

 15:44 <cpaelzer> ~8 or so on the MIR review stage, some might end up in security as well

 15:45 <cpaelzer> sarnold: given those numbers do resources and velocity match to get it done for 23.04 feature freeze?

 15:45 <sarnold> *nod* that sushi thumbnailer thing felt plausibly on our plate soon (mmmmmm, sushi)

 15:45 <cpaelzer> or do we need to inform anyone they won't make it

 15:45 <sarnold> cpaelzer: I'm optimistic at the moment -- mark has been doing great work, and other team members have been making efforts to contribute

 15:46 <cpaelzer> ok, I hope those efforts work out

 15:46 <sarnold> as do i :)

 15:46 <cpaelzer> I'll keep polling you every week as so many depend on it

 15:46 <cpaelzer> ok then ...

 15:46 <sarnold> ack, thanks

 15:46 <cpaelzer> #topic Any other business?

 15:46 <sarnold> none here

 15:46 <joalif> none

 15:46 <slyon> nothing

 15:47 <cpaelzer> nothing from me

 15:47 <didrocks> nothing from me either

 15:47 <cpaelzer> ok, it seems we can give everyone 10 minutes back despite lots of content today

 15:47 <cpaelzer> thank you all!

 15:47 <sarnold> thanks cpaelzer, all :)

 15:47 <didrocks> thanks as usual cpaelzer :)

 15:47 <joalif> thanks cpaelzer, all :)

 15:47 <slyon> thanks cpaelzer, all!

 15:47 <cpaelzer> jamespage: let us know later if reading the logs makes you yell at us

 15:47 <cpaelzer> bye

 15:47 <cpaelzer> #endmeeting

 15:48 <jamespage> will do

 12:01 <diddledani_> We're just getting ready now. The board members are filing in :-)

 12:01 <diddledani_> I see aaron-whitehouse is already here, so hopefully we can get started shortly <3

 12:02 <aaron-whitehouse> Yes, hi diddledani_

 12:05 <mapreri> o/

 12:05 <fenris> hi o/

 12:08 <diddledani> we're just waiting on one more

 12:09 <Kilos-> Hi all

 12:09 <aaron-whitehouse> (y)

 12:09 <diddledani> ok, shall we get started?

 12:09 <Kilos-> yessir

 12:10 <diddledani> miss* :-p

 12:10 <Kilos-> Hi Aaron

 12:10 <aaron-whitehouse> Hi

 12:11 <diddledani> ok, who left a meeting running?

 12:11 <diddledani> #endmeeting

 12:11 <diddledani> I can't end the pre-existing meeting

 12:11 <mapreri> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)