== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status meeting, started by cpaelzer, 20 Jun at 14:30 &mdash; 15:06 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2023/ubuntu-meeting.2023-06-20-14.30.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== current component mismatches ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 14:31.

 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg   (cpaelzer, 14:31)
 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg   (cpaelzer, 14:31)

=== New MIRs ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 14:35.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=NEW&field.status%3Alist=CONFIRMED&assignee_option=none&field.assignee=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (cpaelzer, 14:35)

=== Incomplete bugs / questions ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 14:40.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (cpaelzer, 14:40)

=== Process/Documentation improvements ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 14:42.

 * ''LINK:'' https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/pulls   (cpaelzer, 14:42)
 * ''LINK:'' https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/issues   (cpaelzer, 14:42)
 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/libcamera/+bug/1997560 also needs to be re-reviewed please  (seb128, 14:42)
 * ''LINK:'' https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/issues/24   (cpaelzer, 14:44)
 * ''LINK:'' https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/issues/26   (cpaelzer, 14:52)

=== MIR related Security Review Queue ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 15:03.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-security/+bugs?field.searchtext=%5BMIR%5D&assignee_option=choose&field.assignee=ubuntu-security&field.bug_reporter=&field.bug_commenter=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (cpaelzer, 15:03)
 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-security/+bugs?field.searchtext=[MIR]&assignee_option=choose&field.assignee=ubuntu-security&field.bug_reporter=&field.bug_commenter=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (cpaelzer, 15:03)
 * ''LINK:'' https://warthogs.atlassian.net/jira/software/c/projects/SEC/boards/594   (cpaelzer, 15:03)

=== Any other business? ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 15:05.




== People present (lines said) ==

 * cpaelzer (157)
 * slyon (18)
 * seb128 (17)
 * sarnold (16)
 * didrocks (10)
 * joalif (6)
 * eslerm (4)
 * meetingology (2)



== Full log ==


 14:30 <cpaelzer> #startmeeting Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status

 14:30 <meetingology> Meeting started at 14:30:17 UTC.  The chair is cpaelzer.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 14:30 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 14:30 <eslerm> hello o/

 14:30 <didrocks> o/

 14:31 <cpaelzer> Ping for MIR meeting - didrocks joalif slyon sarnold cpaelzer jamespage ( eslerm dviererbe )

 14:31 <cpaelzer> hi everyone

 14:31 <slyon> o/

 14:31 <cpaelzer> #topic current component mismatches

 14:31 <cpaelzer> Mission: Identify required actions and spread the load among the teams

 14:31 <cpaelzer> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg

 14:31 <cpaelzer> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg

 14:32 <slyon> oh lovely *-perl

 14:32 <cpaelzer> you missed it last week slyon

 14:32 <joalif> o/

 14:32 <cpaelzer> bryce is on the big tree out of spamassassin

 14:32 <cpaelzer> we haven't settled on a solution yet

 14:32 <sarnold> good morning

 14:32 <slyon> haha, OK. I guess I'll investigate libio-compress-brotli-perl

 14:33 <cpaelzer> slyon: you might, but IIRC matt mentioned that Steve looked at it already

 14:33 <slyon> ok. I'll check back with them

 14:33 <cpaelzer> slyon: so ensure to not do redundant work

 14:34 <cpaelzer> ruby-rack is stuck intentionally for now, kanashiro[m] is on that

 14:34 <cpaelzer> everything else is known and ok

 14:34 <cpaelzer> no action here

 14:35 <cpaelzer> #topic New MIRs

 14:35 <cpaelzer> Mission: ensure to assign all incoming reviews for fast processing

 14:35 <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=NEW&field.status%3Alist=CONFIRMED&assignee_option=none&field.assignee=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 14:35 <cpaelzer> first of all

 14:35 <cpaelzer> the easy cases

 14:36 <cpaelzer> glibmm, gtkmm, cairomm are just source uploads of the same we had

 14:36 <cpaelzer> so those get usually a fast sanity check if they are really the same

 14:37 <cpaelzer> joalif: did one of them - and we said if this worked out as expected we will distribute the others and expect them to be quick checks

 14:37 <joalif> it was fairly simple

 14:37 <joalif> the source code didnt have extensive changes

 14:37 <cpaelzer> joalif: and was it, as expected, just the same as before

 14:37 <cpaelzer> good

 14:37 <cpaelzer> thanks

 14:38 <cpaelzer> so today let us hand out the other three

 14:38 <cpaelzer> but with a low effort expectation

 14:38 <joalif> i can have one of them

 14:38 <cpaelzer> I'm happy to take glibmm

 14:38 <slyon> joalif: which one was the one you handled, could you share the LP reference, so we can use it as a template?

 14:38 <cpaelzer> joalif:  for another - gtkmm then

 14:38 <cpaelzer> slyon: cairomm ok?

 14:38 <slyon> sure!

 14:38 <didrocks> I can take 2 or have 1 and then, next week another one

 14:38 <joalif> slyon: https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/pangomm2.48/+bug/2020267

 14:38 <slyon> thx

 14:39 <cpaelzer> the last one is https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/libhttp-cookiejar-perl/+bug/2024245

 14:39 <cpaelzer> that might have been the one Matt informed me about

 14:39 <didrocks> sounds like good Friday’s material then

 14:39 <didrocks> perl :p

 14:39 <didrocks> happy to take it

 14:39 <cpaelzer> indeed it is

 14:39 <didrocks> well "happy…" it’s perl

 14:39 <cpaelzer> so slyon the other one is new and for you

 14:39 <didrocks> but you know what I mean :p

 14:39 <slyon> ack

 14:39 <cpaelzer> assigned didrocks

 14:40 <cpaelzer> thank you all

 14:40 <cpaelzer> let us look at the incomplete

 14:40 <cpaelzer> #topic Incomplete bugs / questions

 14:40 <cpaelzer> Mission: Identify required actions and spread the load among the teams

 14:40 <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 14:40 <cpaelzer> duktape I looked at

 14:40 <cpaelzer> they did what we asked

 14:40 <cpaelzer> and committed to do some more later (out of the recommended set)

 14:41 <cpaelzer> this is ready to promote, but waits for the newly added tests to run on infra once

 14:41 <cpaelzer> incomplete until then

 14:41 <sarnold> yay new tests :)

 14:41 <cpaelzer> you should be happy

 14:41 <cpaelzer> the other updates have been present last week

 14:41 <cpaelzer> so that is fine

 14:42 <cpaelzer> #topic Process/Documentation improvements

 14:42 <cpaelzer> Mission: Review pending process/documentation pull-requests or issues

 14:42 <cpaelzer> #link https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/pulls

 14:42 <cpaelzer> #link https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/issues

 14:42 <seb128> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/libcamera/+bug/1997560 also needs to be re-reviewed please

 14:42 <cpaelzer> do not mind pull #17 and issue #22 - I haven't found time yet

 14:42 <cpaelzer> hi seb128, thanks for the ping - having a look

 14:43 <cpaelzer> slyon: that is your case, can you do that re-check?

 14:43 <seb128> thx, I expect that's for slyon since he did the first review

 14:43 <cpaelzer> PR 23 I have requested some changes to make it more useful - waiting on dviererbe

 14:43 <cpaelzer> that leaves the potentially longer open discussions

 14:43 <slyon> seb128: cpaelzer: I'll be looking into libcamera and comment on the bug report

 14:43 <cpaelzer> thanks slyon

 14:43 <seb128> slyon, thanks

 14:44 <cpaelzer> both by seth asking for reflection on how we work

 14:44 <cpaelzer> https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/issues/24

 14:44 <cpaelzer> on this, while we are all busy - I do not yet see a real shortage

 14:44 <cpaelzer> we generally get things adressed in a timely manner

 14:45 <cpaelzer> and the thought of more work is mostly around re-reviews which we already throttled by suggesting to fill into a constant 1-per-week load

 14:45 <cpaelzer> so that would be fine

 14:45 <cpaelzer> furthermore the team composition is meant to be a bit "one of each" for foundation, desktop, server, seg, ...

 14:45 <cpaelzer> so adding would be ... duplicating?

 14:45 <cpaelzer> I see no need for either yet

 14:46 <cpaelzer> the real question in there - for now - I think is "How do we add more?"

 14:46 <cpaelzer> this isn't defined

 14:46 <cpaelzer> so far it has been a team discussion and team decision

 14:46 <cpaelzer> this isn't a place you'd "apply" for unless you got pushed that way by a manager right?

 14:46 <didrocks> yes, it’s mostly cooptation, and a lot of ubuntu teams are like this

 14:47 <sarnold> or just sort of volunteered by team mates? :) (hello eslerm, dviererbe :)

 14:47 <cpaelzer> I know that generally such a question "How do we add more?" in a similar "weakly defined" way is being worked on. As others like SRU and archive admins are like it

 14:47 <cpaelzer> yes you might be pulled in like eslerm and dviererbe

 14:47 <slyon> I think I saw a similar discussion on the TB mailing list..

 14:47 <cpaelzer> but remember that in theory they are good friends but no members, if it ever comes to voting and qorum and such

 14:48 <cpaelzer> slyon: yes that is what i mean

 14:48 <cpaelzer> let them sort it out for an example team

 14:48 <slyon> that is more about Ubuntu, which MIR is not necessarily part of (this is more of Canonical), but we could use the same process, once defined

 14:48 <cpaelzer> if there is a best practice out of that we might juts pick it up

 14:48 <cpaelzer> is that a sufficien state for now sarnold?

 14:48 <sarnold> we've had a few very small meetings, that raised the question.. and if we intend to get through the 2300-ish packages in main in a decade, we might need more help?

 14:49 <cpaelzer> sarnold: I'd want to bother about that if/once we ever conclude on really being able to do re-reviews as a company

 14:49 <cpaelzer> we will start slow with the capacity we have, see if the teams can at all follow up

 14:49 <cpaelzer> and once proven worthwhile we can think about expanding

 14:49 <sarnold> cpaelzer: okay, so leavaing that aside, you feel like the work is otherwise reasonable enough and not yet cause for concern?

 14:49 <cpaelzer> yes

 14:50 <cpaelzer> only the security side of things sometimes stalls :-)

 14:50 <cpaelzer> but this got better since you sarnold have eslerm as buddy

 14:50 <sarnold> and occasional meetings with two or three team members showing up is also no cause for concern?

 14:50 <sarnold> cpaelzer: and much help from others :)

 14:50 <cpaelzer> indeed

 14:50 <cpaelzer> sarnold: it hasn't been blocking us that we attend as we are available (like no PTO coverage)

 14:51 <cpaelzer> if it would be, I'd consider it - but since it worked fine - why make things more ocmplex

 14:51 <sarnold> cool, thanks for the discussion; and I'm glad to hear the larger question is being asked elsewhere, too

 14:51 <cpaelzer> indeed

 14:51 <cpaelzer> sarnold: would you mind copy&paste and self-close your issue?

 14:51 <sarnold> cpaelzer: good idea

 14:51 <cpaelzer> my time runs out soon with a hard stop and a conflict

 14:51 <cpaelzer> trying to present the next case

 14:52 <cpaelzer> but mind the time

 14:52 <cpaelzer> https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/issues/26

 14:52 <cpaelzer> filed by sarnold but brought up by seb128

 14:52 <cpaelzer> I can tell you how I feel, and you please tell me what you think - ok?

 14:52 <cpaelzer> I've seen cases where - with some effort - C++ symbols were made useful

 14:52 <cpaelzer> due to that I like to ask the teams to give it a shot

 14:52 <cpaelzer> and I've seen cases

 14:53 <seb128> the libcamera MIR which is ready for re-review mentioned earlier sort of collide with that (though they are now bumping the soname with every version which might be enough for us to get away with it)

 14:53 <cpaelzer> where they have tried and based on that came back to explain well why it won#t work int his case

 14:53 <cpaelzer> seb128: that is a trick to get out, but yeah perma soname bump is avoiding that too

 14:53 <cpaelzer> so in my mind maybe we should extend the explanation in the RULE lines

 14:53 <cpaelzer> to explain that people should have a reasonable look

 14:54 <slyon> did we have precedence for such soname bumping in the past?

 14:54 <cpaelzer> maybe with a hint where it worked well

 14:54 <sarnold> does that mean a new libcameraN every release?

 14:54 <seb128> sarnold, yes

 14:54 <slyon> I mean.. it avoids the issue that .symobls is trying to fix, so should be acceptable from the MIR perspective?

 14:54 <cpaelzer> slyon: yes, dpdk does that for example

 14:54 <cpaelzer> once every year

 14:54 <cpaelzer> and it was much nicer

 14:54 <cpaelzer> but

 14:54 <cpaelzer> we still do symbols tracking there

 14:55 <sarnold> are we proposing bumping sonames out of cadence with upstream?

 14:55 <cpaelzer> and it cought errors a few times

 14:55 <slyon> yes, that means some extra libcameraN transitions, but I guess there are not (yet?) too many reverse dependencies

 14:55 <cpaelzer> e.g. on supposed stable updates

 14:55 <cpaelzer> so even if soname gets bumped each time, for SRUs symbols tracking is helpful

 14:55 <cpaelzer> real life experience

 14:56 <cpaelzer> which in turn means "so bumps each time" is no reason to say "we won't do symbols tracking"

 14:56 <cpaelzer> I consider a proper, "this is what I tried, this is why it fails and this is why it is feasible" statement the right way

 14:56 <slyon> ok. So this ^ might be a problem for the libcamera MIR, seb128

 14:57 <cpaelzer> I'd not want to give a too easy option to pass on symbols, but also I acknowledge that symbols isn't a strict requirement

 14:57 <cpaelzer> does that make sense?

 14:57 <seb128> slyon, I will follow up with a comment stating that

 14:57 <slyon> thanks

 14:57 <didrocks> I think this is in line and solidify what we were asking for C++ libs, no? Just more official (give it a shot at least, try it, and assess with the result, but start with trying it)

 14:57 <slyon> cpaelzer: yes that makes sense. especially the SRU argument is very valid!

 14:57 <seb128> I still think the experience is expensive and broken

 14:58 <cpaelzer> maybe your libs really are different than ours

 14:58 <seb128> there is no decent way to deal with the cross arch difference

 14:58 <cpaelzer> as it was said multiple times, that might be fine - but it depends on the code seb128

 14:58 <seb128> like libcamera which synced from Debian had around 190 lines of symbols diff

 14:59 <cpaelzer> one package might have that issue, explain and demonstrate

 14:59 <cpaelzer> and get an ack to be without symbols

 14:59 <seb128> right

 14:59 <cpaelzer> another package might work well

 14:59 <seb128> long term I still think that as a project we should aim at doing better

 14:59 <cpaelzer> which is better than saying "yo do not need to bother about symbols"

 14:59 <seb128> also symbols don't really cover abi, they wouldn't catch a change in a structure definition

 14:59 <cpaelzer> I agree to "as a project we should aim at doing better", i Just have no great option and time to work on yet

 15:00 <seb128> I'm +1 with the 'give it a try be be allowed to explained why it doesn't work for this project'

 15:00 <cpaelzer> great

 15:00 <cpaelzer> my next double concurrent meeting has started

 15:00 <didrocks> same here

 15:00 <sarnold> happy meeting

 15:00 <seb128> we were also playing with the alternative option of 'enforce the symbol on amd64, at least it's manageable and better than not having it'

 15:01 <cpaelzer> would someone be ok to convert this into a PR to mention it more clearly in the RULES section?

 15:01 <cpaelzer> that would indeed be better if you can get it to work

 15:01 <eslerm> at next meeting, I would like to discuss the status of LP#1993819

 15:02 <seb128> it's still tedious, but it's on one arch and be handled locally so probably an acceptable tradeoff for the extra safety

 15:02 <cpaelzer> eslerm: I've given it a bump to be sure we see it

 15:02 <eslerm> thanks

 15:02 <cpaelzer> yep

 15:02 <sarnold> seb128: is this something you're actively experimenting with? or an idea being kicked around?

 15:02 <cpaelzer> seb128: would you mind to throw a PR to https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir

 15:02 <cpaelzer> that way you can ensure the suggested change matches what you'd like

 15:03 <cpaelzer> and we can check if it matches what we thought to be the outcome of this meeting

 15:03 <seb128> cpaelzer, I can do that yet

 15:03 <cpaelzer> thanks

 15:03 <seb128> np!

 15:03 <cpaelzer> we are over I know

 15:03 <cpaelzer> so let us hope to be quick and easy on the last two agenda items

 15:03 <cpaelzer> #topic MIR related Security Review Queue

 15:03 <cpaelzer> Mission: Check on progress, do deadlines seem doable?

 15:03 <cpaelzer> Some clients can only work with one, some with the other escaping - the URLs point to the same place.

 15:03 <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-security/+bugs?field.searchtext=%5BMIR%5D&assignee_option=choose&field.assignee=ubuntu-security&field.bug_reporter=&field.bug_commenter=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 15:03 <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-security/+bugs?field.searchtext=[MIR]&assignee_option=choose&field.assignee=ubuntu-security&field.bug_reporter=&field.bug_commenter=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 15:03 <cpaelzer> Internal link

 15:03 <cpaelzer> - ensure your teams items are prioritized among each other as you'd expect

 15:03 <cpaelzer> - ensure community requests do not get stomped by teams calling for favors too much

 15:03 <cpaelzer> #link https://warthogs.atlassian.net/jira/software/c/projects/SEC/boards/594

 15:03 <cpaelzer> that looked good recently

 15:03 <sarnold> there's progress on many MIRs simultaneously :) it's a fun place to be

 15:04 <cpaelzer> indeed sarnold

 15:04 <cpaelzer> cargo will be discussed next week as eslerm requested

 15:04 <cpaelzer> but overall that security queue LGTM

 15:05 <cpaelzer> you even slowly but surely get to those libheif related packages

 15:05 <cpaelzer> great

 15:05 <cpaelzer> I'd bve happy and go on ...

 15:05 <cpaelzer> #topic Any other business?

 15:05 <sarnold> none here

 15:05 <cpaelzer> none here either

 15:05 <slyon> nothing

 15:05 <joalif> nothing

 15:05 <eslerm> same :)

 15:06 <cpaelzer> these meetings start to run over more often, which isn't too bad as it shows how active and approachable we are. If it is too often we can push more discussions to e.g. GH issues

 15:06 <cpaelzer> I'd close it out, thank you all

 15:06 <sarnold> thanks cpaelzer, all :)

 15:06 <cpaelzer> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)