== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status meeting, started by slyon, 25 Apr at 14:30 &mdash; 14:41 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2023/ubuntu-meeting.2023-04-25-14.30.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== current component mismatches ===

Discussion started by slyon at 14:31.

 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg   (slyon, 14:31)
 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg   (slyon, 14:31)

=== New MIRs ===

Discussion started by slyon at 14:32.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=NEW&field.status%3Alist=CONFIRMED&assignee_option=none&field.assignee=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (slyon, 14:32)

=== Incomplete bugs / questions ===

Discussion started by slyon at 14:35.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (slyon, 14:35)

=== Process/Documentation improvements ===

Discussion started by slyon at 14:36.

 * ''LINK:'' https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/pulls   (slyon, 14:36)
 * ''LINK:'' https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/issues   (slyon, 14:36)

=== MIR related Security Review Queue ===

Discussion started by slyon at 14:36.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-security/+bugs?field.searchtext=%5BMIR%5D&assignee_option=choose&field.assignee=ubuntu-security&field.bug_reporter=&field.bug_commenter=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (slyon, 14:36)
 * ''LINK:'' https://warthogs.atlassian.net/jira/software/c/projects/SEC/boards/594   (slyon, 14:36)

=== Any other business? ===

Discussion started by slyon at 14:39.




== People present (lines said) ==

 * slyon (38)
 * sarnold (9)
 * meetingology (2)
 * eslerm (2)



== Full log ==


 14:30 <slyon> #startmeeting Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status

 14:30 <meetingology> Meeting started at 14:30:30 UTC.  The chair is slyon.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 14:30 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 14:30 <slyon> Ping for MIR meeting - didrocks joalif slyon sarnold c_paelzer jamespage ( eslerm dviererbe )

 14:30 <sarnold> good morning

 14:30 <eslerm> hello o/

 14:31 <slyon> some people are on a canonical event, so we can expect reduced attendance

 14:31 <sarnold> this is already more than I expected :)

 14:31 <slyon> I did a brief pre-check for today's meeting: It should be a quick one ;-)

 14:31 <slyon> #topic current component mismatches

 14:31 <slyon> Mission: Identify required actions and spread the load among the teams

 14:31 <slyon> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg

 14:31 <slyon> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg

 14:32 <slyon> ^ the reports seem broken (empty)

 14:32 <slyon> But they showed nothing unusual earlier today. All known in c-m and c-m-p

 14:32 <slyon> #topic New MIRs

 14:32 <slyon> Mission: ensure to assign all incoming reviews for fast processing

 14:32 <slyon> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=NEW&field.status%3Alist=CONFIRMED&assignee_option=none&field.assignee=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 14:32 <sarnold> I never use the .txt versions so I can't quite say what normal looks like https://ubuntu-archive-team.ubuntu.com/component-mismatches-proposed.txt

 14:33 <slyon> right, the HTML report also shows lots of stuff. Looks like we're in the middle of archive opening ;-) https://ubuntu-archive-team.ubuntu.com/component-mismatches-proposed.html

 14:34 <sarnold> this one looks way more like what I expected https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.txt

 14:35 <sarnold> yeah, there's enough here that I think we're seeing "archive being opened" broken, not "something's busted with the cronjob" broken

 14:35 <slyon> right, we should probably skip ahead until after pre-release freeze

 14:35 <slyon> We don't have any new MIRs in our queue.

 14:35 <slyon> #topic Incomplete bugs / questions

 14:35 <slyon> Mission: Identify required actions and spread the load among the teams

 14:35 <slyon> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 14:36 <slyon> No updates since last week's meeting

 14:36 <slyon> #topic Process/Documentation improvements

 14:36 <slyon> Mission: Review pending process/documentation pull-requests or issues

 14:36 <slyon> #link https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/pulls

 14:36 <slyon> #link https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/issues

 14:36 <slyon> No open Issues or PRs

 14:36 <slyon> #topic MIR related Security Review Queue

 14:36 <slyon> Mission: Check on progress, do deadlines seem doable?

 14:36 <slyon> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-security/+bugs?field.searchtext=%5BMIR%5D&assignee_option=choose&field.assignee=ubuntu-security&field.bug_reporter=&field.bug_commenter=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 14:36 <slyon> Internal link

 14:36 <slyon> #link https://warthogs.atlassian.net/jira/software/c/projects/SEC/boards/594

 14:37 <slyon> I've just finished reviewing dbus-broker earlier today (LP: #2015538), which we should put into the security queue (cc seb128)

 14:38 <slyon> how are the queues processing sarnold/eslerm? Any update since last week?

 14:38 <sarnold> I believe eslerm has been working on the printing libs, he's been discussing coverity bugs with upstream author; I wouldn't expect much progress for the next two weeks

 14:38 <sarnold> s/bugs/findings/

 14:38 <slyon> ACK.

 14:39 <slyon> #topic Any other business?

 14:39 <sarnold> I wouldn't be surprised if next week's meeting doesn't happen; the week after that, I'm on PTO; so, possibly, it'll be a few weeks for me

 14:40 <slyon> Right. We did have in-person MIR meetings in the past at engineering sprints. But that's not guaranteed.

 14:40 <slyon> I guess many of us will meet at the sprint next week!

 14:40 <slyon> I nothing else, that's all for this week!

 14:41 <sarnold> woot, thanks slyon, eslerm :)

 14:41 <eslerm> \o/

 14:41 <slyon> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)