== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Ubuntu Technical Board meeting, started by amurray, 21 Nov at 20:04 &mdash; 20:24 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2023/ubuntu-meeting.2023-11-21-20.04.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== Apologies ===

Discussion started by amurray at 20:05.


=== Action review ===

Discussion started by amurray at 20:05.

 * ''ACTION:'' seb128/amurray/sil200 to help drafting the snap-store Ubuntu-specific tracks usage  (amurray, 20:07)
 * ''ACTION:'' rbasak to draft a proposal of the DMB-proposed inactivity expiration policy for TB ratification  (amurray, 20:07)
 * ''ACTION:'' rbasak to follow up on finding consensus on question of test plans for third party apps  (amurray, 20:08)
 * ''ACTION:'' rbasak to open wider discussion on third-party repo policy  (amurray, 20:08)
 * ''ACTION:'' seb128 to continue working with SRU, AA, Release, Backporters and Security teams to document their membership process and link to it from https://wiki.ubuntu.com/TechnicalBoard#Team_Delegations  (amurray, 20:09)
 * ''ACTION:'' vorlon to write up draft guidelines for packages in the archive that download from the Internet  (amurray, 20:09)

=== Scan the mailing list archive for anything we missed (standing item) ===

Discussion started by amurray at 20:09.

 * ''LINK:'' https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/technical-board/2023-November/thread.html   (amurray, 20:10)
 * ''ACTION:'' seb128 to follow-up with ubuntu cinnamon on 24.04 request  (amurray, 20:18)
 * ''ACTION:'' sil2100 to follow-up with ubuntu studio on 24.04 request  (amurray, 20:18)
 * ''ACTION:'' amurray to follow-up with edubuntu on 24.04 request  (amurray, 20:18)
 * ''ACTION:'' seb128 to follow-up with ubuntu budgie on 24.04 request  (amurray, 20:20)
 * ''ACTION:'' amurray to follow-up with ubuntu kylin on 24.04 request  (amurray, 20:20)

=== Check up on community bugs and techboard bugs ===

Discussion started by amurray at 20:21.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu-community/+bugs?field.assignee=techboard   (amurray, 20:21)
 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/techboard   (amurray, 20:21)

=== Select a chair for the next meeting (next from https://launchpad.net/~techboard/+members) ===

Discussion started by amurray at 20:22.

 * ''AGREED:'' next meeting chair: seb128, backup: vorlon  (amurray, 20:22)

=== AOB ===

Discussion started by amurray at 20:23.




== Action items, by person ==

 * amurray
  * seb128/amurray/sil200 to help drafting the snap-store Ubuntu-specific tracks usage
  * amurray to follow-up with edubuntu on 24.04 request
  * amurray to follow-up with ubuntu kylin on 24.04 request
 * seb128
  * seb128/amurray/sil200 to help drafting the snap-store Ubuntu-specific tracks usage
  * seb128 to continue working with SRU, AA, Release, Backporters and Security teams to document their membership process and link to it from https://wiki.ubuntu.com/TechnicalBoard#Team_Delegations
  * seb128 to follow-up with ubuntu cinnamon on 24.04 request
  * seb128 to follow-up with ubuntu budgie on 24.04 request
 * sil2100
  * sil2100 to follow-up with ubuntu studio on 24.04 request
 * **UNASSIGNED**
  * rbasak to draft a proposal of the DMB-proposed inactivity expiration policy for TB ratification
  * rbasak to follow up on finding consensus on question of test plans for third party apps
  * rbasak to open wider discussion on third-party repo policy
  * vorlon to write up draft guidelines for packages in the archive that download from the Internet



== People present (lines said) ==

 * amurray (50)
 * seb128 (22)
 * meetingology (14)
 * sil2100 (2)



== Full log ==


 20:04 <amurray> #startmeeting Ubuntu Technical Board

 20:04 <meetingology> Meeting started at 20:04:58 UTC.  The chair is amurray.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 20:04 <seb128> sorry for distracting you from the things you focus on

 20:05 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 20:05 <amurray> hey sil2100

 20:05 <amurray> #topic Apologies

 20:05 <amurray> robie and steve both sent their apologies via the mailing list

 20:05 <amurray> #topic Action review

 20:06 * amurray seb128/amurray/sil200 to help drafting the snap-store Ubuntu-specific tracks usage

 20:06 <seb128> I saw you commented there and Robie discussed it with Ken in Riga

 20:06 <seb128> but I think we need to carry over still

 20:06 <amurray> yep ok no worries

 20:07 <seb128> I will try to reply to your comment this week though

 20:07 <amurray> thanks

 20:07 <amurray> #action seb128/amurray/sil200 to help drafting the snap-store Ubuntu-specific tracks usage

 20:07 * meetingology seb128/amurray/sil200 to help drafting the snap-store Ubuntu-specific tracks usage

 20:07 * amurray rbasak to draft a proposal of the DMB-proposed inactivity expiration policy for TB ratification

 20:07 <amurray> I'll carry over robie's tasks

 20:07 <amurray> #action rbasak to draft a proposal of the DMB-proposed inactivity expiration policy for TB ratification

 20:07 * meetingology rbasak to draft a proposal of the DMB-proposed inactivity expiration policy for TB ratification

 20:08 * amurray rbasak to follow up on finding consensus on question of test plans for third party apps

 20:08 <amurray> #action rbasak to follow up on finding consensus on question of test plans for third party apps

 20:08 * meetingology rbasak to follow up on finding consensus on question of test plans for third party apps

 20:08 * amurray rbasak to open wider discussion on third-party repo policy

 20:08 <amurray> #action rbasak to open wider discussion on third-party repo policy

 20:08 * meetingology rbasak to open wider discussion on third-party repo policy

 20:08 * amurray seb128 to continue working with SRU, AA, Release, Backporters and Security teams to document their membership process and link to it from https://wiki.ubuntu.com/TechnicalBoard#Team_Delegations

 20:08 <seb128> carry over please

 20:09 <amurray> fwiw security team is almost done on this from our side - thanks for kicking this off seb128

 20:09 <amurray> #action seb128 to continue working with SRU, AA, Release, Backporters and Security teams to document their membership process and link to it from https://wiki.ubuntu.com/TechnicalBoard#Team_Delegations

 20:09 * meetingology seb128 to continue working with SRU, AA, Release, Backporters and Security teams to document their membership process and link to it from https://wiki.ubuntu.com/TechnicalBoard#Team_Delegations

 20:09 <seb128> ah, nice, and you're welcome!

 20:09 * amurray vorlon to write up draft guidelines for packages in the archive that download from the Internet

 20:09 <amurray> will carry over

 20:09 <amurray> #action vorlon to write up draft guidelines for packages in the archive that download from the Internet

 20:09 * meetingology vorlon to write up draft guidelines for packages in the archive that download from the Internet

 20:09 <amurray> #topic Scan the mailing list archive for anything we missed (standing item)

 20:10 <amurray> #link https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/technical-board/2023-November/thread.html

 20:10 <amurray> so we have flavor requests for 24.04

 20:11 <amurray> excuse my ignorance but do we just usually vote on these here?

 20:11 <seb128> right, it just took me a bit to find the reference to what we need to do there since I'm new to it

 20:11 <seb128> it's documented on https://wiki.ubuntu.com/RecognizedFlavors

 20:11 <seb128> 'Guidelines for Tech Board to designate flavor image as LTS'

 20:12 <seb128> reading the guidelines I do feel like there is some investigation work to be done to answer the questions for each flavors

 20:12 <seb128> I'm not familiar enough with the work happening on those flavors to be able to vote now I think

 20:13 <seb128> amurray, sil2100, how do you feel about it?

 20:14 <seb128> I'm happy to spend some time on that this week though and follow up on the list with a summary of my 'investigation' for each though if that helps others

 20:14 <amurray> so from our side we at least have to do the "Written confirmation from IS" part

 20:14 <sil2100> I'm fine with more flavors, should we maybe assign one flavor per one TB member to perform the investigation?

 20:14 <sil2100> To spread the workload

 20:15 <seb128> I would not say no to share if others have some time to work on that

 20:15 <amurray> as far as the flavors themselves go, I am also not very familiar with any of them so I would  also be keen to ask a few more questions - particularly around the level of support offered and how big their teams are to handle it plus how many packages they are looking to support

 20:17 <amurray> I'm also happy to take a flavor or two

 20:17 <seb128> same

 20:18 <amurray> #action seb128 to follow-up with ubuntu cinnamon on 24.04 request

 20:18 * meetingology seb128 to follow-up with ubuntu cinnamon on 24.04 request

 20:18 <amurray> #action sil2100 to follow-up with ubuntu studio on 24.04 request

 20:18 * meetingology sil2100 to follow-up with ubuntu studio on 24.04 request

 20:18 <amurray> #action amurray to follow-up with edubuntu on 24.04 request

 20:18 * meetingology amurray to follow-up with edubuntu on 24.04 request

 20:19 <amurray> given robie and steve are out, are we happy to assign one to each of them as well in their absentia?

 20:19 <amurray> otherwise I can take another if one of you two are happy to also take a second?

 20:19 <seb128> I would rather not assign things to them without asking first, especially that Robie already said he would miss the next meeting

 20:20 <seb128> give me a second one

 20:20 <amurray> ok thanks seb128

 20:20 <seb128> I can always try to trade it with Robie or Steve if needed

 20:20 <amurray> #action seb128 to follow-up with ubuntu budgie on 24.04 request

 20:20 * meetingology seb128 to follow-up with ubuntu budgie on 24.04 request

 20:20 <amurray> #action amurray to follow-up with ubuntu kylin on 24.04 request

 20:20 * meetingology amurray to follow-up with ubuntu kylin on 24.04 request

 20:20 <seb128> but at least we have an owner who was there to accept the item meanwhile :)

 20:20 <amurray> :)

 20:21 <amurray> I don't see anything else on the mailing list

 20:21 <amurray> #topic Check up on community bugs and techboard bugs

 20:21 <amurray> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu-community/+bugs?field.assignee=techboard

 20:21 <amurray> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/techboard

 20:22 <amurray> nothing new here either

 20:22 <amurray> #topic Select a chair for the next meeting (next from https://launchpad.net/~techboard/+members)

 20:22 <amurray> robie already sent his apologies for the next meeting so will skip him

 20:22 <amurray> #agreed next meeting chair: seb128, backup: vorlon

 20:22 <meetingology> AGREED: next meeting chair: seb128, backup: vorlon

 20:22 <seb128> +1

 20:23 <amurray> #topic AOB

 20:23 <seb128> none from me

 20:23 <amurray> nothing from me either

 20:24 <amurray> ok thanks folks

 20:24 <seb128> thanks amurray !

 20:24 <amurray> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)