== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team meeting, started by juliank, 27 Jul at 15:04 &mdash; 16:01 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2023/ubuntu-meeting.2023-07-27-15.04.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning rounds ===

Discussion started by juliank at 15:04.

 * ''LINK:'' https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/foundations-team-updates-thursday-27-jul-2023   (juliank, 15:04)

=== Release incoming bugs ===

Discussion started by juliank at 15:17.

 * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-mm-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs   (juliank, 15:17)

=== Team proposed-migration report ===

Discussion started by juliank at 15:30.

 * ''LINK:'' https://ubuntu-archive-team.ubuntu.com/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs   (juliank, 15:31)

=== aob ===

Discussion started by juliank at 15:57.




== People present (lines said) ==

 * juliank (88)
 * dbungert (8)
 * bdmurray (7)
 * schopin (5)
 * ginggs (5)
 * adrien (4)
 * bdrung (3)
 * ogayot (3)
 * mateus-morais (3)
 * pushkarnk (3)
 * meetingology (2)
 * dviererbe (2)
 * danilogondolfo (2)
 * waveform (2)
 * zhsj (1)
 * enr0n (1)



== Full log ==


 15:04 <juliank> #startmeeting Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team

 15:04 <meetingology> Meeting started at 15:04:10 UTC.  The chair is juliank.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 15:04 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 15:04 <juliank> #topic Lightning rounds

 15:04 <juliank> #link https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/foundations-team-updates-thursday-27-jul-2023

 15:09 <bdrung> dviererbe, redarding the dash merge: I would prefer to see the mmdebstrap autopkgtest made working on Ubuntu

 15:10 <schopin> bdmurray: do Tim's changes to autopkgtest mean that we won't need to use retry-autopkgtest-regressions as much?

 15:10 <schopin> I mean the tool is still useful, but now I'll be able to just click the link rather than fire up a terminal :)

 15:11 <bdmurray> schopin: I still think its useful for queueing things en masse but for one off tests you won't need to use it.

 15:11 <dbungert> the retry tool can help group triggered tests together that the web UI won't necessarily offer

 15:13 <juliank> Which is problematic in itself

 15:13 <juliank> Because it might produce false positives

 15:13 <juliank> Or false negatives, imagine one trigger works and the other breaks it, you want to run them separately

 15:13 <ogayot> sometimes, retry-autopkgtest-regressions lists URLs for tests that are in progress. Does the fix for bug 2028801 address that as well?

 15:14 <mateus-morais> dviererbe: I'll need to bring your dotnet6,7 changes to dotnet8 sometime soon, to avoid bringing back the DOTNET_ROOT bug and to perpetuate the other changes themselves

 15:14 <bdmurray> ogayot: no, that's independent but I'd be interested to hear more about the issue with r-a-r that you saw.

 15:15 <ogayot> bdmurray: sure, when I hit it, I'll let you know then

 15:15 <juliank> it's a bit peculiar because if you iterate over the queue you might not see all items

 15:15 <dviererbe> bdrung: LP: 2028868

 15:15 <juliank> and there's a race condition where the worker takes it off the queue and and then notifies the frontend it's running it, I think

 15:16 <dviererbe> mateus-morais: +1 definetly

 15:16 <juliank> Like we had failing tests that looped endlessly, and weren't able to remove them because the worker was always picking them directly, lol

 15:16 <juliank> Anyhow, continue?

 15:17 <juliank> #topic Release incoming bugs

 15:17 <juliank> We have two releases with bugs today

 15:17 <juliank> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-mm-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 15:17 <juliank> bug 2027826

 15:17 <juliank> vorlon tagged this but is not here

 15:17 <dbungert> so steve landed changes for this, outside of livecd-rootfs

 15:18 <dbungert> It however hasn't migrated in a while, so I think we should figure out why.

 15:18 <dbungert> I know x_nox tagged this block-proposed but there are also failing tests

 15:19 <juliank> but that's a different topic than the bug, it not migrating

 15:19 <dbungert> Steve's change is intended to address the bug

 15:19 <juliank> I understand that

 15:21 <juliank> But the bug is not about livecd-rootfs not migrating

 15:21 <dbungert> ok

 15:22 <dbungert> I think there are no actions to take for this bug, in livecd-rootfs.

 15:22 <juliank> I think let's leave it as is, I don't see why it's in the state it is, we can revisit it when we have vorlon if it still is an sisue

 15:22 <juliank> bug 2026826

 15:23 <juliank> seems fixed

 15:23 <danilogondolfo> hm netplan is not affected by it anymore, I wonder if we should remove the tag

 15:24 <juliank> sldone

 15:24 <juliank> bug 2017401

 15:25 <juliank> Ugh this is a complex topic that I don't think this is the right venue to address this in

 15:26 <juliank> That's a wider discussion around Pro and update surfacing

 15:27 <bdmurray> How can we track if not here?

 15:27 <juliank> I do not know

 15:28 <juliank> I think this is working as intended for now

 15:28 <juliank> And there's a roadmap with improvements scheduled

 15:28 <juliank> I think I'll go assign it to server to have a look and comment

 15:30 <juliank> this is a bit hacky

 15:30 <juliank> but we can get back to it next week if needed

 15:30 <juliank> Ah and ff has the same bug only, so we're done with bugs

 15:30 <juliank> #topic Team proposed-migration report

 15:31 <juliank> #link https://ubuntu-archive-team.ubuntu.com/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs

 15:31 <juliank> too many items, aargh

 15:32 <juliank> fwupd

 15:32 <juliank> bug 2021908

 15:32 <bdmurray> Oh, that should be untagged update-excuse

 15:33 <juliank> ah it only depends on Depends on glib2.0

 15:33 <juliank> pcre2 vs suricata

 15:33 <schopin> I'll take that one.

 15:34 <mateus-morais> I have pcre2 assigned from last week

 15:34 <juliank> ah I missed that

 15:34 <schopin> oh well, nevermind then :)

 15:34 <mateus-morais> schopin you can take it if you want, haven't been able to find the time :)

 15:34 <schopin> Alright, I'll take it.

 15:34 <juliank> cdebconf

 15:35 <juliank> (2 regressions, seemingly unrelated)

 15:35 <adrien> I recently made a merge for cdebconf but I'm not able to follow through due to being on vacation very soon

 15:35 <juliank> I see

 15:36 <juliank> I'm hacking grub together, I expect to be busy with grub stuff

 15:36 <adrien> (I hadn't checked cdebconf migrating)

 15:36 <adrien> but at least one issue seems unrelated to my merge and the other I don't know, I haven't found the error yet

 15:37 <juliank> cdebconf: juliank

 15:37 <juliank> let me be first then

 15:38 <juliank> python-reportlab we skip

 15:38 <bdrung> groff vs dgit looks like a flaky dgit test case

 15:38 <juliank> I see bdrung volunteers to investigate that

 15:38 <juliank> :D

 15:38 <juliank> groff: bdrung

 15:39 <juliank> lots of regressions for init-system-helpersy

 15:39 <bdrung> Then someone else has to pick up the initramfs-tools and apport fun

 15:39 <ginggs> i'll take groff then

 15:40 <juliank> I think it's a retry basically, armhf remote died in middle of test

 15:40 <juliank> init-system-helpers vs davmail

 15:41 * juliank can roll a dice but it's hard

 15:41 <zhsj> juliank: i will take

 15:41 <juliank> init-system-helpers vs davmail: zhsj

 15:41 <juliank> init-system-helpers vs dbus?

 15:42 <pushkarnk> juliank: I'll give it a shot

 15:42 <juliank> pushkarnk: I was about to say this looks like an infrastructure issue for QA to deal with

 15:42 <pushkarnk> alright :)

 15:43 <juliank> bdmurray: can you guys check that?

 15:43 <juliank> udev hangs, and then kernel crashes and hence boot doesn't finish

 15:44 <juliank> init-system-helpers vs ganglia?

 15:44 <bdmurray> juliank: which one?

 15:44 <waveform> I can take ganglia

 15:44 <juliank> bdmurray: init-system-helpers vs dbus

 15:45 <juliank> init-system-helpers vs ganglia: waveform

 15:45 <juliank> init-system-helpers vs openafs

 15:47 <pushkarnk> I'll take it

 15:47 <juliank> init-system-helpers vs openafs: pushkarnk

 15:47 <juliank> init-system-helpers vs openvswitch?

 15:48 <danilogondolfo> I can take a look

 15:48 <juliank> init-system-helpers vs openvswitch: danilogondolfo

 15:49 <juliank> init-system-helpers vs prometheus: dbungert

 15:50 <juliank> init-system-helpers vs slurm-wlm: ogayot

 15:51 <ogayot> juliank: ack

 15:51 <juliank> init-system-helpers vs systemd: vpa1977

 15:52 <juliank> livecd-rootfs: sil2100

 15:52 <juliank> openjdk-17  vs davmail: liushuyu

 15:52 <dbungert> juliank: ack

 15:53 <juliank> openjdk-17 vs libreoffice needs QA work: bdmurray

 15:53 <juliank> libreoffice is blacklisted

 15:53 <ginggs> juliank: i retried that one already

 15:53 <ginggs> still running, i think

 15:53 <juliank> ginggs: it#s blacklisted it shouldn't run?

 15:54 <ginggs> i removed it from the list

 15:54 <ginggs> since s390x is happy again

 15:54 <juliank> curl vs cmake dviererbe

 15:54 <bdmurray> for now

 15:54 <juliank> curl vs falcosecurity-libs: xypron

 15:55 <juliank> curl vs systemd: enr0n

 15:55 <enr0n> juliank: ack

 15:55 <juliank> curl vs virtualbox: doko

 15:56 <juliank> boost1.74 vs bagel: slyon

 15:56 <juliank> boost1.74 vs dolfin: mateus-morais

 15:57 <juliank> I think everyone has one so let's wrap it up

 15:57 <juliank> #topic aob

 15:57 <waveform> I'll be out Wed-Fri next week covering school hols

 15:58 <bdmurray> I'll be out all of next week

 15:59 <juliank> vorlon: I did not give you any proposed-migration, but it would be nice to restructure this into a script that feeds an epic and then people go pick items from that rather than do it in the meeting, as linear nature just wastes time vs free for all

 15:59 <juliank> I'll be out the week after next week

 15:59 <adrien> I'll be out all of august basically

 16:00 <juliank> crypto-configuration sadness

 16:00 <juliank> :)

 16:01 <juliank> We're out of time!

 16:01 <juliank> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)