== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team meeting, started by juliank, 29 Jun at 15:00 &mdash; 15:56 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2023/ubuntu-meeting.2023-06-29-15.00.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning rounds ===

Discussion started by juliank at 15:00.

 * ''LINK:'' https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/foundations-team-updates-thursday-29-jun-2023/   (juliank, 15:00)

=== Release incoming bugs ===

Discussion started by juliank at 15:10.

 * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-mm-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs   (juliank, 15:10)
 * ''LINK:'' https://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ll-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs   (juliank, 15:11)
 * ''LINK:'' https://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ff-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs   (juliank, 15:11)

=== Team proposed-migration report ===

Discussion started by juliank at 15:18.

 * ''LINK:'' https://ubuntu-archive-team.ubuntu.com/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs   (juliank, 15:18)

=== AOB ===

Discussion started by juliank at 15:42.

 * ''LINK:'' https://merges.ubuntu.com/main.html?query=foundations-bugs&showProposed=true&showMergeNeeded=true   (ginggs, 15:43)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * juliank (77)
 * adrien (5)
 * schopin (4)
 * danilogondolfo (4)
 * bdrung (4)
 * slyon (4)
 * ginggs (4)
 * liushuyu (3)
 * bdmurray (3)
 * meetingology (2)
 * xypron (2)
 * mateus-morais (2)
 * dviererbe (1)
 * mclemenceau (1)
 * waveform (1)
 * ogayot (1)
 * zhsj (1)



== Full log ==


 15:00 <juliank> #startmeeting Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team

 15:00 <meetingology> Meeting started at 15:00:37 UTC.  The chair is juliank.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 15:00 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 15:00 <juliank> #topic Lightning rounds

 15:00 <liushuyu> o/

 15:00 <dviererbe> o/

 15:00 <juliank> #link https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/foundations-team-updates-thursday-29-jun-2023/

 15:01 <mclemenceau> o/

 15:02 <schopin> apologies, I didn't take the time to write out my status, I had shiny new data to analyze.

 15:02 <juliank> ooh shiny

 15:03 <schopin> bdmurray: said data told me some changes to the focal glibc SRUs will be needed :/

 15:04 <bdmurray> juliank: "Started at aptsources" or stared at?

 15:04 <juliank> thanks bdmurray that was a typo

 15:05 <bdmurray> I almost typed started too so I get it

 15:05 <juliank> I also started at it

 15:05 <juliank> :D

 15:05 <xypron> o/

 15:05 <bdmurray> danilogondolfo: what did you find out about libwww-mechanize-perl?

 15:07 <schopin> juliank: I like that your status starts with "short week", and then pretty much consists in a wall of text.

 15:07 <danilogondolfo> bdmurray, there is one test file that gets stuck. I suspect it's because it tries to make an http request and the proxy environment variables are getting in the way. Disabling that file fixes the problem but I'm still trying something else here

 15:08 <danilogondolfo> and of course it always work locally

 15:08 <juliank> schopin: I got emotional

 15:10 <bdrung> juliank, i liked reading your report (despite it being longer)

 15:10 <juliank> Now it's a line longer

 15:10 <juliank> thanks bdrung

 15:10 <juliank> time to move on!

 15:10 <juliank> #topic Release incoming bugs

 15:10 <juliank> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-mm-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 15:10 <juliank> oh it's empty

 15:11 <juliank> #link https://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ll-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 15:11 <juliank> is empty too

 15:11 <juliank> jj is empty too

 15:11 <juliank> but

 15:11 <juliank> #link https://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ff-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 15:11 <juliank> bug 2024901

 15:12 <juliank> there seems to be some confusion there

 15:13 <juliank> > The disk is a qcow2 file not multipath

 15:13 <juliank> but nothing mentions multipath

 15:13 <juliank> just

 15:13 <juliank> > multi-target device-mapper device

 15:13 <juliank> or I am confused and it's the same thing

 15:14 <juliank> But I think they need a separate /boot because their / is on LVM?

 15:15 <waveform> that would be the case on PC ... less sure about z though?

 15:16 <juliank> I'll mark it incomplete and add a question to that effect, we can revisit next week

 15:18 <juliank> also reassigned to s390-tools

 15:18 <juliank> #topic Team proposed-migration report

 15:18 <juliank> #link https://ubuntu-archive-team.ubuntu.com/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs

 15:20 <juliank> fwupd last status was > fwupd is in progress (bdmurray, liushuyu), being investigated upstream

 15:20 <juliank> is this still correct?

 15:20 <liushuyu> juliank: Yes, and it's now determined the test in s390x should be disabled

 15:20 <juliank> ok

 15:21 <juliank> danilogondolfo: any progress on libwww-mechanize-perl?

 15:21 <liushuyu> upstream did give a fix, but autopkgtest was failing due to some other reasons

 15:21 <danilogondolfo> juliank, yes, I found the problem but I'm still working on a fix

 15:21 <juliank> ack

 15:22 <juliank> python-reportlab was with slyon but is now failing differently afaict

 15:22 <slyon> python-reportlab needs an AA to process my removals: bug #2025133

 15:22 <juliank> ack

 15:22 <juliank> We should have ubuntu archive "patch" pilots

 15:24 <juliank> markdown-it-py needs the new mdit-py-plugins to migrate and for the tests to install, it's unclear to me why they were not triggered together by britney

 15:25 <juliank> any volunteers? mdit-py-plugins seems to have real regression, but might also just need the new markdown-it-py

 15:25 <ginggs> i'll take it

 15:25 <juliank> markdown-it-py: ginggs

 15:25 <juliank> adduser vs sudo on s390x

 15:25 <mateus-morais> I'll take adduser

 15:26 <mateus-morais> There will be a new merge soon anyway

 15:26 <juliank> adduser: mateus-morais

 15:26 <juliank> curl blocking nss on armhf

 15:27 <slyon> I can take that

 15:27 <juliank> curl: slyon

 15:27 <juliank> casper vs linux I think kernel needs to follow up on

 15:28 <juliank> (if any needed)

 15:28 <juliank> cryptsetup same

 15:28 <juliank> it's triggering tests for riscv kernels on amd64 lol

 15:28 <bdrung> the issue it that the riscv kernel should not be tested on non-riscv

 15:28 <juliank> indeed

 15:28 <bdrung> s/it/is/

 15:28 <juliank> that's kernel automation tooling

 15:29 <juliank> I'll ping people

 15:29 <juliank> libsereal-decoder-perl

 15:29 <juliank> does someone want the whole package?

 15:29 <danilogondolfo> mateus-morais, the problem seems to be sudo. There is one test that fails very often on s390x (but will work if you try it in your own s390x instance)

 15:29 <schopin> juliank: o/

 15:29 <juliank> libsereal-decoder-perl: schopin

 15:30 <juliank> debootstrap

 15:30 <juliank> lava is blocking it

 15:30 <juliank> ah looks like retries, 503 from linaro server

 15:32 <juliank> OK I'll go hit that retry button

 15:33 <juliank> debootstrap: juliank

 15:33 <juliank> libwww-perl needs a libhttp-cookiejar-perl MIR or something

 15:33 <slyon> I just tagged this one accordingly: https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/libwww-perl/+bug/2024245

 15:33 <slyon> (update-excuse)

 15:34 <juliank> thanks that should be enough for now

 15:34 <juliank> sqlite3 has 2 regressions

 15:34 <ogayot> I can look at sqlite3

 15:34 <juliank> sqlite3: ogayot

 15:35 <juliank> libpng1.6 vs r-cran-svglite

 15:35 <xypron> The filename is just incorrect that the test is looking for.

 15:35 <adrien> it's stuck due to R migration

 15:35 <adrien> r-cran-* is stuck

 15:36 <adrien> you can read https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-devel/2023-June/042636.html

 15:36 <adrien> ### R

 15:36 <ginggs> i think we need an archive-admin to rebuild r-cran-svglite in -release

 15:36 <juliank> this is unrelated I think, it fails to find the font name

 15:39 <juliank> so I retriggered r-cran-svglite against migration-reference/0 to see if it is an issue in the release pocket as well

 15:39 <adrien> sorry, misread the logs; it's probably another issue (although it could pop up too)

 15:39 <juliank> the rest is python3-defaults 3.11.2->3.11.4 and  golang-defaults (2:1.20~1 to 2:1.20~2) i

 15:40 <juliank> I assume the toolchain team is working on this?

 15:40 <zhsj> juliank: i'll take a look at golang-defaults. it just needs retry.

 15:41 <juliank> python3-defaults: ginggs to retrigger when queues are smaller

 15:42 <juliank> and that's all

 15:42 <juliank> #topic AOB

 15:42 <ginggs> merge party?

 15:43 <ginggs> https://merges.ubuntu.com/main.html?query=foundations-bugs&showProposed=true&showMergeNeeded=true

 15:55 <juliank> continuing with AOB

 15:55 <juliank> I'm likely out next Thu, who will chair?

 15:56 <bdrung> I can

 15:56 <juliank> ack

 15:56 <juliank> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)