== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team meeting, started by vorlon, 11 May at 15:04 &mdash; 15:44 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2023/ubuntu-meeting.2023-05-11-15.04.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning rounds ===

Discussion started by vorlon at 15:04.

 * ''LINK:'' https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/foundations-team-updates-thursday-11-may-2023/35679/6   (vorlon, 15:04)
 * ''LINK:'' https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/foundations-team-updates-thursday-11-may-2023/35679   (vorlon, 15:05)

=== Release incoming bugs ===

Discussion started by vorlon at 15:10.

 * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ll-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs   (vorlon, 15:10)
 * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-mm-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs   (vorlon, 15:13)
 * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-mm-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs   (vorlon, 15:13)
 * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-jj-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs   (vorlon, 15:24)
 * ''LINK:'' https://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ff-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs   (vorlon, 15:28)

=== Team proposed-migration report ===

Discussion started by vorlon at 15:32.

 * ''LINK:'' https://ubuntu-archive-team.ubuntu.com/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs   (vorlon, 15:33)

=== AOB ===

Discussion started by vorlon at 15:38.




== People present (lines said) ==

 * vorlon (70)
 * slyon (8)
 * bdmurray (7)
 * xypron (4)
 * dviererbe (4)
 * adrien (3)
 * meetingology (2)
 * enr0n (2)
 * ogayot (2)
 * mateus-morais (1)
 * juliank (1)
 * zhsj (1)



== Full log ==


 15:04 <vorlon> #startmeeting Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team

 15:04 <meetingology> Meeting started at 15:04:41 UTC.  The chair is vorlon.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 15:04 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 15:04 <vorlon> #topic Lightning rounds

 15:04 <vorlon> #link https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/foundations-team-updates-thursday-11-may-2023/35679/6

 15:05 <vorlon> giving everybody some time to read through and ask questions

 15:05 <vorlon> oops, wrong link

 15:05 <vorlon> #link https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/foundations-team-updates-thursday-11-may-2023/35679

 15:05 <vorlon> mateus-morais: I think your status went to the last discourse post, not this week's

 15:06 <xypron> o/

 15:06 <mateus-morais> Yep, fixed it already :)

 15:07 <vorlon> aha ok

 15:07 <bdmurray> "man in hat sits on chair" - lol

 15:08 <vorlon> haha

 15:10 <vorlon> everybody had enough time?

 15:10 <vorlon> #topic Release incoming bugs

 15:10 <vorlon> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ll-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 15:10 <bdmurray> I made -mm- yesterday

 15:11 <vorlon> LP: #2012698

 15:11 <dviererbe> this? https://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-mm-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 15:12 <bdmurray> indeed

 15:12 <vorlon> bdmurray: thanks, should I drop -ll- from the script going forward?

 15:12 <bdmurray> Well we might need to do some SRUs there

 15:12 <vorlon> ok

 15:12 <slyon> looks like vanvugt is taking care of that plymouth bug

 15:12 <vorlon> yeah the above is a class of issue usually handled in the Desktop Team, nothing for us

 15:13 <vorlon> http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-mm-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 15:13 <vorlon> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-mm-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 15:13 <vorlon> LP: #2016471

 15:13 <slyon> I created that one..

 15:14 <slyon> I'd like the toolchain squad to have a look into it. libomp.so is broken when llvm-toolchain is built with LTO

 15:14 <vorlon> slyon: do you expect the fix to be on the eztrace side? that's the task you have in progress

 15:14 <vorlon> ah

 15:14 <slyon> the upstream maintainer of eztrace suggested there might be a workaround possible in the upstream project, but didn't get back to be about it yet

 15:14 <vorlon> that seems like an appropriate thing for us to take

 15:14 <vorlon> shall I target it?

 15:15 <vorlon> (doing)

 15:15 <slyon> so either reaching out to trahay about a eztrace fix or fixing llvm-toolchain are appropriate

 15:16 <vorlon> there may be other packages affected by libomp though

 15:16 <vorlon> (or other third-party projects)

 15:16 <vorlon> LP: #2018721

 15:16 <slyon> dviererbe: can you comment on that ^

 15:17 <dviererbe> Well I put the summary in the LP ticket

 15:20 <vorlon> my $.02 is that there aren't advantages that are worth the switching costs

 15:21 <vorlon> dviererbe: are you ok with us declining it on that basis?

 15:22 <dviererbe> yeah, works for me. I just wanted to have a discussion about investigating this.

 15:22 <vorlon> ok thanks

 15:24 <vorlon> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-jj-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 15:24 <vorlon> LP: #1999345

 15:25 <vorlon> there've been discussions about this internally; I'm a strong -1 on us including this in the signed images

 15:25 <vorlon> because the GRUB LUKS implementation is always trailing the userspace

 15:26 <vorlon> and currently the gaps are that it doesn't support currently-recommended key derivation

 15:26 <vorlon> juliank isn't here to argue for it, but I would just decline this one

 15:26 <vorlon> (and let him reopen it if there are other arguments)

 15:27 <vorlon> any objections?

 15:27 <slyon> sounds good. we have been waiting for any action on that one for too long

 15:28 <juliank> My watch made brr with IRC notification! I'm +1

 15:28 <vorlon> hah

 15:28 <vorlon> #link https://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ff-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 15:29 <vorlon> LP: #2015355

 15:29 <vorlon> this was escalated internally to us

 15:29 <bdmurray> Do we need to keep looking at Focal given Jammy is the latest LTS?

 15:30 <vorlon> based on support team's input I would say yes it's worth fixing

 15:30 <vorlon> or do you mean looking at the report in general for FF?

 15:30 <bdmurray> The report in general but I guess if we didn't we wouldn't have known about this. ;-)

 15:30 <vorlon> right

 15:30 <enr0n> I am planning on working that one, bdmurray pinged me about it before the sprint

 15:31 <vorlon> I mean, we did have the internal discussion, but that's different than ensuring it's tracked

 15:31 <vorlon> so I'll go ahead and target this one

 15:32 <vorlon> ok that's it for bugs

 15:32 <vorlon> let's see if I can speed things up a bit from here :)

 15:32 <vorlon> #topic Team proposed-migration report

 15:33 <vorlon> #link https://ubuntu-archive-team.ubuntu.com/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs

 15:33 <vorlon> dviererbe: would you mind looking at git? hopefully just needs a retry of linux-lowlatency/arm64 autopkgtest

 15:34 <dviererbe> I can do that

 15:34 <vorlon> argon2 vs cryptsetup: I've looked at this before, argon2 declares versioned breaks: on cryptsetup so this needs solved by a cryptsetup merge.  Any volunteers?

 15:34 <vorlon> bdrung did the last merge but he's not here today

 15:35 <vorlon> adrien: maybe you?

 15:35 <vorlon> if not, I could take it

 15:35 <vorlon> fakeroot: enr0n?

 15:35 <enr0n> vorlon: sure

 15:36 <vorlon> pygments: ogayot?

 15:36 <ogayot> vorlon: ack

 15:36 <adrien> vorlon: I can look at that

 15:36 <vorlon> and then that's it, because 7 was actually 5 because of the double counting of blocked/blocking

 15:36 <vorlon> adrien: thanks

 15:36 <vorlon> ah, 4

 15:37 <vorlon> sbuild also blocking postfix; I'll take that one, it's probably a britney hint issue

 15:38 <vorlon> yeah turns out that when postfix fails to configure on amd64 due to weird infra, all the autopkgtests of its reverse-dependencies fail

 15:38 <vorlon> #topic AOB

 15:38 <vorlon> anything else?

 15:39 <xypron> vorlon: postfix is what I previously looked at.

 15:39 * vorlon nods

 15:39 <xypron> Should I try to create a patch for that one.

 15:39 <ogayot> I'll be off next Thursday (national holiday) and Friday (swap day)

 15:39 <slyon> same for me ^

 15:40 <adrien> oh, already? I'm going to be away for half of the pulse actually

 15:41 <adrien> I'll be off both thursday and friday

 15:41 <zhsj> i'll be off next friday (swap day)

 15:42 <bdmurray> I'm out this afternoon and tomorrow

 15:43 <vorlon> I have another swap day to take but haven't committed to when

 15:43 <vorlon> around otherwise!

 15:43 <xypron> I have only Monday and Tuesday next week to work.

 15:44 <vorlon> any other other business?

 15:44 <vorlon> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)