== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Technical Board meeting, started by sil2100, 10 Jan at 20:05 &mdash; 20:36 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2023/ubuntu-meeting.2023-01-10-20.05.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== Welcome new TB members! ===

Discussion started by sil2100 at 20:05.


=== Action review ===

Discussion started by sil2100 at 20:06.

 * ''ACTION:'' (everyone) review the Ubuntu Backports Team Charter for ratification  (sil2100, 20:13)
 * ''ACTION:'' rbasak to finalize third-party seeded snap security policy  (sil2100, 20:14)
 * ''ACTION:'' sil2100 to start a draft summarizing the OEM archive portion of the meeting which x-nox and TB will review, edit, and ratify before we move on to figuring out the next step  (sil2100, 20:15)
 * ''ACTION:'' rbasak to draft a proposal of the DMB-proposed inactivity expiration policy for TB ratification  (sil2100, 20:16)
 * ''ACTION:'' amurray to figure out next steps to improve TB processes previously discussed - and to figure out what the previous discussion was about  (sil2100, 20:20)
 * ''ACTION:'' vorlon to reply to the Edubuntu ML thread with a description of what we need from Erich before we can proceed.  (sil2100, 20:20)
 * ''ACTION:'' sil2100 to follow up with the release team to establish consensus on Joshua's official flavour status for Cinammon.  (sil2100, 20:22)

=== Meeting schedule w/ new TB constitutency ===

Discussion started by sil2100 at 20:22.


=== Scan the mailing list archive for anything we missed (standing item) ===

Discussion started by sil2100 at 20:24.

 * ''ACTION:'' vorlon to request change of the meeting weeks for the TB meeting starting February  (sil2100, 20:27)

=== Check up on community bugs (standing item) ===

Discussion started by sil2100 at 20:32.


=== Select a chair for the next meeting ===

Discussion started by sil2100 at 20:32.


=== AOB ===

Discussion started by sil2100 at 20:34.




== Action items, by person ==

 * amurray
  * amurray to figure out next steps to improve TB processes previously discussed - and to figure out what the previous discussion was about
 * sil2100
  * sil2100 to start a draft summarizing the OEM archive portion of the meeting which x-nox and TB will review, edit, and ratify before we move on to figuring out the next step
  * sil2100 to follow up with the release team to establish consensus on Joshua's official flavour status for Cinammon.
 * vorlon
  * vorlon to reply to the Edubuntu ML thread with a description of what we need from Erich before we can proceed.
  * vorlon to request change of the meeting weeks for the TB meeting starting February
 * **UNASSIGNED**
  * (everyone) review the Ubuntu Backports Team Charter for ratification
  * rbasak to finalize third-party seeded snap security policy
  * rbasak to draft a proposal of the DMB-proposed inactivity expiration policy for TB ratification



== People present (lines said) ==

 * sil2100 (76)
 * vorlon (20)
 * rbasak-mobile (14)
 * meetingology (10)
 * amurray (10)
 * seb128 (9)



== Full log ==


 20:05 <sil2100> #startmeeting Technical Board

 20:05 <meetingology> Meeting started at 20:05:40 UTC.  The chair is sil2100.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 20:05 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 20:05 <sil2100> #topic Welcome new TB members!

 20:06 <rbasak-mobile> Welcome!

 20:06 <sil2100> Hello seb128, amurray o/

 20:06 <amurray> thanks

 20:06 <sil2100> Glad to have you on board

 20:06 <seb128> hey :)

 20:06 <sil2100> #topic Action review

 20:07 * sil2100 (everyone) review the Ubuntu Backports Team Charter for ratification

 20:07 <seb128> thanks, I'm honored to be there :)

 20:07 <sil2100> Let's start with action items, first one is this ^

 20:08 <sil2100> hm, do we have any links for this topic to share with those that have no context?

 20:08 <sil2100> (or forgot ;) )

 20:08 <rbasak-mobile> It would be nice to make some more progress on this. The most recent discussion was a while back on the technical board mailing list.

 20:08 <amurray> so this may sound dumb but I went looking everywhere and couldn't find the charter - there is a blank wiki page with that name - https://wiki.ubuntu.com/UbuntuBackports/Charter

 20:09 <sil2100> I remember this being discussed on the mailing list. I'll try to find the link and add it to the agenda

 20:10 <sil2100> But if anyone has it handy from the ML archives, feel free to post it here

 20:10 <vorlon> sil2100: shoving an item onto the agenda wiki page late (sorry)

 20:10 <vorlon> root of thread: https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/technical-board/2022-March/002620.html

 20:10 <rbasak-mobile> The best way to catch up might be to look at the mailing list archive and together with the history of that wiki page lined up by time

 20:11 <sil2100> vorlon: thanks!

 20:12 <sil2100> seb128, amurray: if you could go through the thread at some point, would be good if we could discuss that on the next meeting

 20:12 <sil2100> I need to refresh my memory as well

 20:12 <seb128> I will do before the next meeting

 20:12 <amurray> sure, will do

 20:12 <sil2100> It slipped through my hands a bit

 20:12 * sil2100 rbasak to finalize third-party seeded snap security policy

 20:12 <sil2100> rbasak-mobile: do you still need some time for that?

 20:13 <sil2100> Ah, let me put the previous one as a carry over

 20:13 <sil2100> #action (everyone) review the Ubuntu Backports Team Charter for ratification

 20:13 * meetingology (everyone) review the Ubuntu Backports Team Charter for ratification

 20:14 <sil2100> Ok, I'll assume that's the case and carry over it for now

 20:14 <sil2100> There was a lot of progress done there so I'm not worried about it

 20:14 <sil2100> #action rbasak to finalize third-party seeded snap security policy

 20:14 * meetingology rbasak to finalize third-party seeded snap security policy

 20:14 * sil2100 vorlon to circle around with store, snapcraft, et all, and revise the snap source revision policy to be more clear with regards to rebuildability and GPL compliance.

 20:14 <vorlon> I think we keep saying this is now superseded by the previous action item

 20:14 <vorlon> but it hasn't gotten dropped from the agenda

 20:14 <sil2100> True

 20:15 <rbasak-mobile> This entire group of topics is making good progress.

 20:15 <sil2100> Let's drop it then, it's related

 20:15 * sil2100 sil2100 to start a draft summarizing the OEM archive portion of the meeting which x-nox and TB will review, edit, and ratify before we move on to figuring out the next step

 20:15 <sil2100> ...sadly, carry over. But I'd like to finally do this

 20:15 <sil2100> #action sil2100 to start a draft summarizing the OEM archive portion of the meeting which x-nox and TB will review, edit, and ratify before we move on to figuring out the next step

 20:15 * meetingology sil2100 to start a draft summarizing the OEM archive portion of the meeting which x-nox and TB will review, edit, and ratify before we move on to figuring out the next step

 20:15 <rbasak-mobile> I'll need to catch Andy up on it. Seb already knows through the desktop team

 20:15 * sil2100 rbasak to draft a proposal of the DMB-proposed inactivity expiration policy for TB ratification

 20:16 <sil2100> I think this is rather lower priority nowadays

 20:16 <rbasak-mobile> No progress, focused on the other things

 20:16 <sil2100> Do you think it still makes sense to have on the agenda?

 20:16 <amurray> rbasak-mobile: i'm alex not andy :) sadly I don't play tennis

 20:16 <rbasak-mobile> I think so. The other things are making good progress and I'm hoping to get them closed off soon

 20:16 <sil2100> Or should we get back to it when we see issues with DMB inactivity?

 20:16 <rbasak-mobile> Sorry!

 20:16 <sil2100> rbasak-mobile: ACK

 20:16 <sil2100> #action rbasak to draft a proposal of the DMB-proposed inactivity expiration policy for TB ratification

 20:16 * meetingology rbasak to draft a proposal of the DMB-proposed inactivity expiration policy for TB ratification

 20:17 * sil2100 cyphermox to figure out next steps to improve TB processes previously discussed

 20:17 <sil2100> So cyphermox sadly is no longet part of the TB, so we need to move this to someone else

 20:17 <sil2100> ...though the action item is very vague

 20:17 <rbasak-mobile> This is related to the community bugs

 20:17 <seb128> right, I was going to ask, what is 'previously discussed'?

 20:18 <amurray> I can try and take it but would need more context

 20:19 <rbasak-mobile> I don't remember the detail, sorry. It was something to do with making it easier for the general public to see what progress we were making by using the bug tracker of some form. We did already have a Launchpad project for this, but I think there was some talk of combining it with this other thing.

 20:19 <sil2100> Okay, I sadly also don't remember the context, might have been that I was absent during the meeting

 20:19 <sil2100> amurray: I'll assign this to you then, one of the tasks being 'figuring out exactly what it's all about' ;)

 20:20 <amurray> ok I can try dig through the previous meeting logs and will see what I can find - first step then will be to familiarise myself with it all so I can try and report back next meeting on what I have found

 20:20 <sil2100> #action amurray to figure out next steps to improve TB processes previously discussed - and to figure out what the previous discussion was about

 20:20 * meetingology amurray to figure out next steps to improve TB processes previously discussed - and to figure out what the previous discussion was about

 20:20 * sil2100 vorlon to reply to the Edubuntu ML thread with a description of what we need from Erich before we can proceed.

 20:20 <vorlon> oops - carry over

 20:20 <sil2100> Right, so Edubuntu

 20:20 <sil2100> ACK o/

 20:20 <sil2100> #action vorlon to reply to the Edubuntu ML thread with a description of what we need from Erich before we can proceed.

 20:20 * meetingology vorlon to reply to the Edubuntu ML thread with a description of what we need from Erich before we can proceed.

 20:21 * sil2100 sil2100 to follow up with the release team to establish consensus on Joshua's official flavour status for Cinammon.

 20:21 <sil2100> ...still pinging people! I even pinged peeps yesterday ;)

 20:21 <sil2100> I'll carry this over and continue poking vorlon, bdmurray and ginggs

 20:22 <sil2100> #action sil2100 to follow up with the release team to establish consensus on Joshua's official flavour status for Cinammon.

 20:22 * meetingology sil2100 to follow up with the release team to establish consensus on Joshua's official flavour status for Cinammon.

 20:22 <sil2100> Phew, quite a lot of action items here

 20:22 <sil2100> #topic Meeting schedule w/ new TB constitutency

 20:22 <sil2100> ...is this about checking if the meeting schedule right now is good for everyone?

 20:22 <vorlon> how does this time work for everyone?

 20:22 <vorlon> yeah

 20:23 <vorlon> fwiw my availability is again flipping to opposite weeks at the end of January

 20:23 <seb128> the current time works fine for me

 20:23 <sil2100> For me it's 'okayish', and I don't mind if the weeks need to be flipped

 20:23 <amurray> the current time works for me too

 20:23 <seb128> flipping weeks would also wfm

 20:23 <amurray> same

 20:23 <rbasak-mobile> +1

 20:24 <sil2100> Excellent o/

 20:24 <sil2100> #topic Scan the mailing list archive for anything we missed (standing item)

 20:24 <rbasak-mobile> What will be the date of the next meeting then?

 20:25 <sil2100> There is the new e-mail from Steve about the new Xubuntu Minimal flavor, but I think it's a no-action for the TB

 20:25 <sil2100> rbasak-mobile: 24th I suppose? vorlon are you still fine to attend that one?

 20:25 <vorlon> oh er sorry, as mentioned my attention is divided

 20:25 <vorlon> I should've said that this time now overlaps on an ongoing basis with a team daily standup

 20:26 <vorlon> would 30 minutes later work for people?

 20:26 <rbasak-mobile> +1

 20:26 <amurray> 30 mins later wfm

 20:26 <sil2100> I think it would be okay

 20:26 <vorlon> sil2100: yes, 24th is ok, but then I would need it changed for February

 20:26 <seb128> I prefer the current time, I could do it later but I might have to drop before the end sometimes

 20:27 <sil2100> vorlon: ok, let me add an action item to deal with the schedule change

 20:27 <sil2100> I'll assign it to vorlon ! ;)

 20:27 <vorlon> haha ok

 20:27 <sil2100> #action vorlon to request change of the meeting weeks for the TB meeting starting February

 20:27 * meetingology vorlon to request change of the meeting weeks for the TB meeting starting February

 20:28 <sil2100> As for the hour change, hmm

 20:28 <sil2100> Let's maybe do this at the same time as we switch weeks, how about that?

 20:29 <vorlon> seb128 mentioned possibly having to leave early if we move it a half hour later

 20:29 <rbasak-mobile> Sure

 20:29 <sil2100> Maybe we can poke Matthieu to move the standup or something

 20:29 <vorlon> are there *later* times that would work well for all the European folks?

 20:29 <sil2100> And then no change to the meeting hour would be needed

 20:29 <vorlon> (amurray and I can obviously do plenty later)

 20:30 <sil2100> I'd recommend everyone think about this for the next meeting, and we'll discuss this as part of the above action item

 20:30 <sil2100> But as said, maybe no hour change might be needed

 20:30 <vorlon> I can ask Matthieu; I'm sure the concern will be that he can't move it *every* day so having inconsistency on just Tuesdays might not be preferred

 20:30 <seb128> no, the reason I mentioned dropping is that the current time is ending up at 10pm which is getting late to be at the computer without creating personal conflicts

 20:31 <vorlon> seb128: ok

 20:32 <sil2100> Okay, let's move on for now and get back to this next time. I'll chat with Matthieu as well

 20:32 <sil2100> #topic Check up on community bugs (standing item)

 20:32 <sil2100> ...no new bugs

 20:32 <sil2100> #topic Select a chair for the next meeting

 20:32 <sil2100> Any volunteers?

 20:33 <vorlon> since you did it today, should we just pick up from there w/ the rotation?

 20:34 <sil2100> Okay, makes sense. Looking at how people are ordered by name on the LP page, next person would be amurray !

 20:34 <sil2100> #topic AOB

 20:34 <sil2100> Any other business?

 20:35 <vorlon> nothing from me

 20:36 <amurray> nor me

 20:36 <seb128> not from me

 20:36 <sil2100> If there's anything to discuss, remember you can always use the techboard ML

 20:36 <sil2100> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)