== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team meeting, started by juliank, 22 Jun at 15:02 &mdash; 15:30 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2023/ubuntu-meeting.2023-06-22-15.02.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning rounds ===

Discussion started by juliank at 15:02.

 * ''LINK:'' https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/foundations-team-updates-thursday-22-jun-2023/36471   (juliank, 15:02)
 * ''LINK:'' https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/foundations-team-updates-thursday-22-jun-2023/36471   (juliank, 15:02)

=== Release incoming bugs ===

Discussion started by juliank at 15:09.

 * ''LINK:'' https://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-mm-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs   (juliank, 15:09)

=== Team proposed-migration report ===

Discussion started by juliank at 15:17.

 * ''LINK:'' https://ubuntu-archive-team.ubuntu.com/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs   (juliank, 15:17)

=== AOB ===

Discussion started by juliank at 15:25.




== People present (lines said) ==

 * vorlon (28)
 * juliank (19)
 * bdrung (6)
 * schopin (4)
 * ogayot (3)
 * slyon (3)
 * meetingology (2)
 * bdmurray (2)
 * mateus-morais (1)
 * danilogondolfo (1)
 * enr0n (1)
 * dviererbe (1)



== Full log ==


 15:02 <juliank> #startmeeting Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team

 15:02 <meetingology> Meeting started at 15:02:28 UTC.  The chair is juliank.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 15:02 <juliank> #topic Lightning rounds

 15:02 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 15:02 <juliank> https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/foundations-team-updates-thursday-22-jun-2023/36471

 15:02 <juliank> uh

 15:02 <juliank> #link https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/foundations-team-updates-thursday-22-jun-2023/36471

 15:03 <juliank> I missed the chance to write status being involved in too much mattermost chatter

 15:05 <bdmurray> Part of me feels like codespell will make it harder for people to contribute.

 15:07 <vorlon> schopin: where is GNU Cauldron this year?

 15:07 <schopin> bdmurray: the same argument could be made of code formatters

 15:07 <schopin> vorlon: Cambridge. Damn Brexit.

 15:07 <bdmurray> schopin: That's true

 15:08 <vorlon> schopin: lol

 15:09 <juliank> #topic Release incoming bugs

 15:09 <juliank> #link https://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-mm-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 15:10 <juliank> bug 2021531

 15:14 <schopin> This autopkgtest failure is very probably a rustc issue. The question is whether it's an issue in the general unwind code, or just the libtest framework, in which case it would only affect the distro development, not production code.

 15:15 <schopin> liushuyu accepted to investigate to at least determin that. I'll take care of patching out the rust-gio test in the mean time to get the package moving.

 15:17 <juliank> ll, jj, ff are empty, hooray

 15:17 <juliank> #topic Team proposed-migration report

 15:17 <juliank> #link https://ubuntu-archive-team.ubuntu.com/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs

 15:18 <bdrung> i'll take python-tz

 15:18 <vorlon> fwupd is in progress (bdmurray, liushuyu), being investigated upstream

 15:19 <vorlon> btrfs-progs looks like it may be regressed on s390x.  any volunteers?

 15:19 <vorlon> ok rolling dice

 15:19 <vorlon> mateus-morais: can you take btrfs-progs?

 15:20 * juliank is running behind his plans and off tomorrow so prefers not to pick anything

 15:21 <mateus-morais> vorlon: yeah

 15:21 <vorlon> libwww-mechanize-perl: interestingly this seems to have made it into Debian testing without the autopkgtests ever running :P https://ci.debian.net/packages/libw/libwww-mechanize-perl/

 15:22 <vorlon> danilogondolfo: can you take libwww-mechanize-perl?

 15:22 <danilogondolfo> vorlon, sure

 15:22 <vorlon> libwww-perl has an outstanding MIR, nothing for us right now

 15:22 <vorlon> python-tz: bdrung

 15:22 <ogayot> I can take pyparted

 15:22 <ogayot> pyparted / parted I guess

 15:23 <slyon> well.. the libwww-mechanize-perl 2.17-1 did run on DebCi (and passed), but there wasn't yet a migration-reference/0 run since then.

 15:23 <vorlon> setuptools: enr0n?

 15:23 <enr0n> vorlon: ack

 15:23 <vorlon> slyon: ah ok - versions reported on the main page as 2.16-1 everywhere

 15:23 <vorlon> ogayot: will you take care of parted vs livecd-rootfs as part of that?

 15:24 <ogayot> vorlon: yes

 15:24 <vorlon> pyparted / parted / livecd-rootfs: ogayot

 15:24 <slyon> right. I think the main page only shows the last migration-reference/0 but danilogondolfo should have a look at https://ci.debian.net/packages/libw/libwww-mechanize-perl/testing/amd64/ and compare that to our failing tests

 15:24 <vorlon> ogayot: thanks

 15:24 <vorlon> initramfs-tools is a candidate but hasn't migrated yet, I'll take a look there

 15:24 <vorlon> that leaves python-reportlab vs python-biopython

 15:24 <vorlon> anyone want one who doesn't have one yet?

 15:25 <slyon> I can

 15:25 <vorlon> python-reportlab: slyon

 15:25 <vorlon> thanks!

 15:25 <vorlon> juliank: back to you

 15:25 <juliank> #topic AOB

 15:25 <bdrung> vorlon, I am interested in the reason why initramfs-tools did not migrate.

 15:26 <vorlon> bdrung: https://ubuntu-archive-team.ubuntu.com/proposed-migration/update_output.txt says it makes livecd-rootfs uninstallable on i386

 15:26 <juliank> I'm out tomorrow

 15:27 <vorlon> bdrung: do you want to just mark the isc-dhcp-client dep !i386?

 15:27 <dviererbe> I'm out tomorrow too

 15:27 <bdrung> vorlon, yes

 15:27 <vorlon> ok sorted then \o/

 15:28 <juliank> final call!

 15:28 <vorlon> bdrung: btw I believe we previously relied on isc-dhcp-client being a dependency of ubuntu-minimal, so didn't worry about a direct dep from initramfs-tools

 15:28 <vorlon> and oi what are you doing introducing deps on deprecated things? :)

 15:29 <bdrung> vorlon, for the transition: move the isc-dhcp-client dependency from ubuntu-minimal to initramfs-tools. Second step: replace isc-dhcp-client by dhcpcd-base there.

 15:29 <vorlon> ah I don't see much need for the intermediate step but, well

 15:30 <bdrung> vorlon, for the added autopkgtests

 15:30 <vorlon> ok (could also be just a test dep, but enough bikeshedding)

 15:30 <bdrung> either the package or the test case needs to depend on it.

 15:30 <juliank> so the autopkgtest pass first, then you upload new one and if they fail they block?

 15:30 <juliank> oh well I think this is details now we don't need to group discuss :)

 15:30 <juliank> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)