== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team meeting, started by juliank, 24 Aug at 15:01 &mdash; 15:49 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2023/ubuntu-meeting.2023-08-24-15.01.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning rounds ===

Discussion started by juliank at 15:01.

 * ''LINK:'' https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/foundations-team-updates-thursday-24-aug-2023/   (juliank, 15:01)

=== Release incoming bugs ===

Discussion started by juliank at 15:10.

 * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-mm-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs   (juliank, 15:10)
 * ''LINK:'' https://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ll-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs   (juliank, 15:27)
 * ''LINK:'' https://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-jj-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs   (juliank, 15:27)

=== Team proposed-migration report ===

Discussion started by juliank at 15:33.

 * ''LINK:'' https://ubuntu-archive-team.ubuntu.com/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs   (juliank, 15:33)
 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/s390-tools/+bug/2030482   (slyon, 15:43)

=== AOB ===

Discussion started by juliank at 15:45.

 * ''LINK:'' https://autopkgtest.ubuntu.com/request.cgi?release=mantic&arch=amd64&package=casper&trigger=initramfs-tools/0.142ubuntu12 gave me a "A server error occurred.  Please contact the administrator."  (bdrung, 15:45)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * juliank (54)
 * vorlon (39)
 * slyon (14)
 * schopin (11)
 * bdrung (7)
 * ginggs (6)
 * bdmurray (5)
 * danilogondolfo (3)
 * meetingology (2)
 * zhsj (2)
 * waveform (2)
 * mclemenceau (2)
 * dviererbe (1)
 * xypron (1)
 * mateus-morais (1)
 * liushuyu (1)
 * enr0n (1)



== Full log ==


 15:01 <juliank> #startmeeting Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team

 15:01 <meetingology> Meeting started at 15:01:30 UTC.  The chair is juliank.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 15:01 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 15:01 <dviererbe> o/

 15:01 <ginggs> o/

 15:01 <juliank> #topic Lightning rounds

 15:01 * vorlon waves

 15:01 <juliank> #link https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/foundations-team-updates-thursday-24-aug-2023/

 15:01 <zhsj> o/

 15:02 <xypron> \o

 15:02 <mateus-morais> o/

 15:02 <bdrung> \o

 15:03 <bdmurray> cantankerous

 15:03 <waveform> occasionally :)

 15:03 <juliank> moo?

 15:03 <bdmurray> DPaaS

 15:03 <liushuyu> o/

 15:03 <waveform> I just couldn't come up with a good acronym...

 15:04 <slyon> o/

 15:09 <mclemenceau> o/

 15:10 <juliank> #topic Release incoming bugs

 15:10 <juliank> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-mm-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 15:10 <juliank> bug 2031909

 15:11 <juliank> schopin: ^

 15:12 <schopin> Oh right. danilogondolfo fixed the symptoms, but I'm a bit worried about it still since the fix is to double the applied limit, which seems excessive.

 15:13 <vorlon> juliank: I didn't notice if you replied to my last ping; are all the grub zfs regressions sorted now in mantic(-proposed)?

 15:13 <schopin> So I think we need to take the time to investigate it some more to see if that's not an actual bug in glibc that causes excess memory usage.

 15:13 <danilogondolfo> well, to be fair, the was a patch already increasing that limit, I just increased it a bit more :)

 15:13 <schopin> The patch was going from 3 to 4, you went straight to 8 :D

 15:14 <bdmurray> why not 11?

 15:14 <juliank> vorlon: to the best of my knowledge they should be, yes, I don't remember seing a ping

 15:14 <vorlon> juliank: ack thanks

 15:15 <danilogondolfo> bdmurray, next glibc will require 11 I'm pretty sure

 15:15 <juliank> should we tag this todo?

 15:15 <juliank> someone will complain about this later likely :D

 15:15 <schopin> I say yes (obviously)

 15:16 <juliank> counting down from 3

 15:16 <juliank> 0

 15:16 <juliank> Added the tag

 15:16 <juliank> bug 2031685

 15:16 <juliank> some vorlon font stuff

 15:17 <vorlon> if we wind up excluding rust-doc from main, then this doesn't need to be foundations-todo

 15:17 <vorlon> but it's still a bug :)

 15:17 <juliank> We already matain a delta/are ahead so it wouldn't be a hard hit to do that

 15:18 <vorlon> the dependency on fonts-nanum is itself a delta

 15:18 <juliank> vorlon: is rust-doc demotion in progress? should we revisit this next week then?

 15:18 <slyon> all of rust is currently in universe (still)

 15:18 <vorlon> I wouldn't say it's in progress; it was a suggestion from (I think) slyon in response to this

 15:18 <slyon> pending security review of cargo

 15:19 <slyon> vorlon: I think excluding rust-doc was suggested as part of the initial MIR

 15:19 <vorlon> slyon: can you point me to the bug? we could add it to Extra-Excludes: now and drop this off the list

 15:19 <schopin> definitely was.

 15:20 <slyon> vorlon: https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/rustc/+bug/1957932/comments/3

 15:20 <slyon> "Specific binary packages built, but NOT to be promoted to main: rust-doc, rust-src, rust-all"

 15:21 <juliank> +1

 15:21 <vorlon> thanks, let's lose the tag then

 15:22 <juliank> ack

 15:22 <juliank> bug 2017401

 15:22 <juliank> I think next step is meeting and discussing

 15:22 <juliank> but also server is doing stuff

 15:23 <juliank> and bug 2029148 is a desktop issue

 15:23 <vorlon> this bug report is simply about the regression in support for the Unattended-Upgrade::Automatic-Reboot option

 15:24 <bdmurray> probably should be retagged rls-nn-incoming given the recent email to ubuntu-devel

 15:24 <vorlon> I thought it was agreed we should JFDI

 15:24 <vorlon> bdmurray: sorry, which email?

 15:24 <slyon> bdmurray: is talking about the cups snap thing..

 15:24 <juliank> right

 15:24 <vorlon> ah right

 15:25 <vorlon> 2017401 - it's a functional regression. JFDI!

 15:25 <juliank> I don't think we had a conclusion for the u-u bug last week and wanted to discuss further outside the meeting but didn't

 15:25 <mclemenceau> I'll setup the meeting

 15:26 <juliank> we're not livepatch PM

 15:27 <juliank> let's go to the next list

 15:27 <juliank> #link https://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ll-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 15:27 <juliank> that one is empty, sorry

 15:27 <juliank> #link https://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-jj-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 15:27 <juliank> bug 1990798

 15:28 <juliank> seems wrong to me, why would it fail?

 15:29 <juliank> we don't add the repository if it's not enabled...

 15:30 <juliank> I mean there must be a bug in the pro client there

 15:30 <juliank> also that pro client seemingly doesn't know about esm-apps, only infra, hmm

 15:31 <juliank> let me add an ubuntu-advantage-tools entry and set the one u-r-u one to Incomplete, because we need more info from the pro people what's going on

 15:33 <juliank> very weird

 15:33 <juliank> that wraps up the incoming bugs

 15:33 <juliank> (ff is empty)

 15:33 <juliank> #topic Team proposed-migration report

 15:33 <juliank> #link https://ubuntu-archive-team.ubuntu.com/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs

 15:33 <juliank> I see ginggs created https://warthogs.atlassian.net/browse/FR-5187

 15:33 <juliank> and the report is out of date apparently, not sure what we can do?

 15:34 <juliank> 2023.08.24 05:52:36 UTC

 15:34 <vorlon> we can assign from what's there and if that means people get a free pass, so be it

 15:34 <juliank> ack

 15:34 <vorlon> danilogondolfo: any progress on vim?

 15:34 <vorlon> danilogondolfo: fwiw ppc64el is known to have less locked memory available than other archs

 15:35 <danilogondolfo> vorlon, yes, I got it building on ppc64el. I'm still testing it

 15:35 <vorlon> ok cool

 15:35 <vorlon> lots of "depends on glibc" - schopin what's the prognosis here? is more help still needed?

 15:35 <vorlon> bdrung: libregexp-pattern-license-perl, carry-over for you?

 15:35 <slyon> I can take libstring-license-perl, it probably needs a rebase of my previous component-mismatch handling. (cc bdrung)

 15:36 <vorlon> ack, libregexp-pattern-license-perl vs libstring-license-perl moved to slyon

 15:36 <schopin> vorlon: The MPI thing is sorted but the glibc/armhf one is still a mystery. ginggs suggests we hint it anyway since it's actively being worked on

 15:36 <bdrung> vorlon, i only looked quickly into libregexp-pattern-license-perl. I spend more time on ubiquity.

 15:36 <bdrung> slyon, do you want to take it over?

 15:36 <slyon> yes

 15:36 <vorlon> glibc * requires glibc to migrate ya think

 15:37 * juliank hates glibc

 15:37 <vorlon> ginggs: are you following up on glibc then?

 15:37 <schopin> juliank: me too, this week.

 15:37 <ginggs> yes, i'll follow up

 15:37 <vorlon> juliank: are you still working on tzdata?

 15:37 <bdrung> btw, the casper autopkgtest seems to be flaky

 15:38 <juliank> vorlon: I don't think I ever started, I forgot to put it into the pulse or something

 15:38 <juliank> so I will start working on it :D

 15:38 <vorlon> juliank: ok

 15:39 <vorlon> schopin, ginggs: I also still see combblas/armhf, h5py/armhf and mumax3/arm64 autopkgtest regressions outstanding on this report, are those being worked on?

 15:40 <ginggs> combblas, h5py are all MPI related

 15:40 <schopin> first two are MPI-related

 15:40 <vorlon> ubiquity I'm giving back to mwhudson, I think we triaged this to needing another git dance with tzsetup from Debian; if he's not going to work on it he can pass it on to someone else

 15:40 <schopin> mumax is being worked on by mitchdz right now, it's presumably nvcc weirdness.

 15:41 <vorlon> ginggs, schopin: ack.  Are we going to hold up for a resolution on mumax3 before migrating?

 15:41 <bdrung> vorlon, https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/ubiquity/+bug/2031838 the ticket for ubiquity

 15:41 <vorlon> systemd: enr0n are you folliwng through on this?

 15:41 <enr0n> vorlon: yes

 15:42 <vorlon> krb5, I'll take

 15:42 <vorlon> s390-tools needs unapproved processing by an AA, I'll sort it

 15:42 <ginggs> i don't think we need to wait for a fix for mumax3, but if we want, a quick fix would be to make it amd64 only, it is not built on arm64 in debian, and did not build in jammy

 15:42 <slyon> vorlon: it also needs MIR

 15:43 <vorlon> slyon: which, s390-tools?

 15:43 <slyon> yes

 15:43 <vorlon> new dep?

 15:43 <slyon> pulling in some of the rust ecosystem

 15:43 <slyon> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/s390-tools/+bug/2030482

 15:43 <vorlon> well I'll let the MIR be Frank's problem

 15:43 <schopin> ACtually it's mine, but sure :)

 15:43 <vorlon> anyway, that's everything - long list of packages on here but mostly just waiting for glibc

 15:44 <vorlon> juliank:

 15:45 <juliank> #topic AOB

 15:45 <juliank> any other business?

 15:45 <vorlon> ginggs: I agree with ignoring mumax3 autopkgtest regression and if it ftbfs we can just remove the arm64 binaries in parallel

 15:45 <bdrung> https://autopkgtest.ubuntu.com/request.cgi?release=mantic&arch=amd64&package=casper&trigger=initramfs-tools/0.142ubuntu12 gave me a "A server error occurred.  Please contact the administrator."

 15:45 <juliank> oh apparently I might have to take Monday half? off, seems a friend is going to be here

 15:46 <ginggs> vorlon: i've confirmed mumax3 does already FTBFS on arm64

 15:46 <ginggs> do we need to make it Architecture: amd64 ?

 15:46 <bdmurray> the administrators are looking at it

 15:46 <slyon> bdrung: see QA channel in MM

 15:46 <vorlon> schopin: oh krb5 is missing strlcat/strlcpy symbols, can I sync with you quickly afterwards about this?

 15:46 <bdrung> i might do the same as juliank on monday (family visit)

 15:47 <schopin> vorlon: sure.

 15:47 <zhsj> vorlon: this is already be discussed on Debian bug #1043184

 15:47 <vorlon> zhsj: thanks for the pointer

 15:49 <juliank> I think that wraps it up here

 15:49 <juliank> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)