== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team meeting, started by juliank, 13 Apr at 15:03 &mdash; 15:37 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2023/ubuntu-meeting.2023-04-13-15.03.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning rounds ===

Discussion started by juliank at 15:03.

 * ''LINK:'' https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/foundations-team-updates-thursday-13-april-2023   (juliank, 15:03)

=== Release incoming bugs ===

Discussion started by juliank at 15:12.

 * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ll-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs   (juliank, 15:12)
 * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-jj-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs   (juliank, 15:22)
 * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ff-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs   (juliank, 15:23)

=== Team proposed-migration report ===

Discussion started by juliank at 15:26.

 * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs   (juliank, 15:26)
 * ''LINK:'' https://ubuntu-archive-team.ubuntu.com/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs   (vorlon, 15:26)

=== AOB ===

Discussion started by juliank at 15:30.




== People present (lines said) ==

 * juliank (36)
 * vorlon (29)
 * bdmurray (13)
 * enr0n (4)
 * slyon (4)
 * bdrung (3)
 * meetingology (2)



== Full log ==


 15:03 <juliank> #startmeeting Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team

 15:03 <meetingology> Meeting started at 15:03:36 UTC.  The chair is juliank.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 15:03 <bdmurray> o/

 15:03 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 15:03 <juliank> #topic Lightning rounds

 15:03 <juliank> #link https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/foundations-team-updates-thursday-13-april-2023

 15:04 <juliank> let's take some minutes to read

 15:06 <bdmurray> enr0n: Is there anything worrisome in the u-r-u bug reports? Or are people not upgrading to Lunar yet?

 15:06 <enr0n> bdmurray: I have seen very few Lunar upgrades. These are mostly the usual "some PPA broke my upgrade" reports.

 15:10 <enr0n> slyon: do you think a fix is needed in systemd for bug 1999178? Or does it seem that udev behaving reasonably given that the syslog group is missing?

 15:11 <slyon> enr0n: I'm not yet sure. But doesn't seem critical, as CPC has an easy fix/workaround available now

 15:11 <enr0n> slyon: ack

 15:11 <slyon> We'll get back to you if some systemd fix would be needed

 15:12 <juliank> #topic Release incoming bugs

 15:12 <juliank> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ll-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 15:12 <vorlon> good discussion about FTBFS fixes this week

 15:12 <juliank> bug 2015113

 15:12 <vorlon> very nice to see - I think this is the lowest Foundations-owned FTBFS count we've had at a release for a while

 15:13 <bdmurray> There's an MP for that which I can sponsor today

 15:13 <juliank> Oh I approved that one

 15:13 <vorlon> so target and move forward?

 15:13 <bdrung> i can sponsor it

 15:13 <bdmurray> Right, somebody just needs to "carry it across the finish line"

 15:13 <bdmurray> Let's let bdrung do it then

 15:14 <juliank> not relevant for the release at least

 15:14 <juliank> right?

 15:14 <bdmurray> I think the release team can decide that you backseat driver

 15:14 <vorlon> probably not release-critical but why quibble, we can just accept the nomination and move on since it's in-flight

 15:14 <bdmurray> I'd want it in

 15:14 <juliank> just saying pro failures shouldn't be critical on non-pro releases :)

 15:15 <vorlon> upgrades from pro-enabled LTSes to non-pro-supported non-LTSes are supported

 15:15 <bdmurray> What's next?

 15:15 <juliank> bug 2012698

 15:15 <juliank> is in progress by desktop I think

 15:15 <vorlon> desktop team mostly handles plymouth video issues

 15:16 <juliank> bug 2015778

 15:16 <juliank> that's an unfortunate difference in just copyright years

 15:16 <vorlon> conffile prompt from *binutils*? oh how we've fallen

 15:17 <juliank> not clear what was modified there tbh

 15:17 <bdmurray> Does anybody have that installed?

 15:17 <vorlon> $ debsums -s -e binutils-common

 15:17 <vorlon> $

 15:19 <vorlon> I think we should take this

 15:21 <enr0n> I will take this bug

 15:22 <juliank> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-jj-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 15:22 <juliank> bug 1999345 is with security still

 15:23 <juliank> nothing else

 15:23 <juliank> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ff-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 15:23 <juliank> empty!

 15:23 <vorlon> juliank: I thought you had changed your mind about pushing for luks2?

 15:24 <juliank> vorlon: I think it would be a reasonable inclusion but it's not urgent I think

 15:24 <vorlon> juliank: IMHO it's not worth the security team's effort

 15:24 <juliank> because any install config your create is luks2

 15:24 <vorlon> we basically don't have installer support for not using a /boot partition when doing LUKS

 15:24 <juliank> I don't know if curtin and friends allow you to setup luks without /boot

 15:24 <vorlon> yeah not really

 15:24 <vorlon> *because* we knew it wasn't supported

 15:25 <vorlon> and then there'll be a LUKS3, and...

 15:25 <vorlon> so my $.02 is to retract this request

 15:25 <juliank> let's discuss in uefi meeting

 15:26 <juliank> I just want a quick chat with chris on this first

 15:26 <vorlon> ack

 15:26 <juliank> #topic Team proposed-migration report

 15:26 <juliank> #link http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs

 15:26 <vorlon> #link https://ubuntu-archive-team.ubuntu.com/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs

 15:26 <vorlon> people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive is dead ;)

 15:26 * juliank updates script

 15:26 <vorlon> 0 packages needing attention, 4 packages not yet considered late

 15:26 <slyon> that boost (vs cmake) test seems to be running in cycles, bdmurray could you investigate that from a QA perspective?

 15:27 <vorlon> 3 packages of ours in -proposed that are in-flight

 15:27 <vorlon> and yeah the blocking autopkgtests are bad juju

 15:27 <slyon> I wonder if cmake should be skiptested, in order to let the FTBFS fix into the release (LP: #2015872)

 15:27 <juliank> vorlon: anything is late by now :D

 15:28 <juliank> systemd blocks linux-lowlatency sounds bad for release?

 15:28 <vorlon> kernels often have lots of false-positive autopkgtest results

 15:28 <vorlon> because of the way britney triggers

 15:28 <vorlon> so I wouldn't invest any time on this from our side unless asked by kernel team

 15:28 <vorlon> the looping autopkgtests for icu and cmake, tho

 15:29 <bdmurray> Yeah, we (the QA team) can look at that

 15:29 <bdmurray> Although at this point in the day its me

 15:29 <juliank> Maybe you need a foundations helper buddy

 15:30 <juliank> I think that wraps that bit up, though

 15:30 <vorlon> yes

 15:30 <vorlon> back to you

 15:30 <juliank> #topic AOB

 15:30 <juliank> Any other business?

 15:31 <bdmurray> so bdrung will you upload update-manager today

 15:31 <bdrung> that's my plan

 15:31 <bdrung> doing that and then taking a break due to my cold

 15:32 <bdmurray> Thanks

 15:37 <juliank> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)