== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team meeting, started by slyon, 09 Mar at 16:05 &mdash; 16:51 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2023/ubuntu-meeting.2023-03-09-16.05.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== Release incoming bugs ===

Discussion started by slyon at 16:13.

 * ''LINK:'' https://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ll-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs   (slyon, 16:13)
 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/cloud-init/+bug/2008952   (slyon, 16:13)
 * ''LINK:'' http://launchpad.net/bugs/2009814   (slyon, 16:19)
 * ''LINK:'' https://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-jj-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs   (slyon, 16:29)
 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/grub2/+bug/1999345   (slyon, 16:30)

=== proposed-migration ===

Discussion started by slyon at 16:30.

 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs   (slyon, 16:30)

=== AOB ===

Discussion started by slyon at 16:48.




== People present (lines said) ==

 * slyon (53)
 * zhsj (7)
 * schopin (4)
 * bdrung (3)
 * ginggs (3)
 * meetingology (2)
 * dviererbe (2)
 * liushuyu (2)
 * enr0n (1)
 * jawn-smith (1)
 * sil2100 (1)
 * adrien (1)



== Full log ==


 16:05 <slyon> #startmeeting Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team

 16:05 <meetingology> Meeting started at 16:05:35 UTC.  The chair is slyon.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 16:05 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 16:05 <slyon> The weekly status is here: https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/foundations-team-updates-thursday-09-march-2023/34405

 16:06 <slyon> let's all take some time to read the status updates and ask any questions

 16:07 <bdrung> reading the stati (is that latin plural correct?) reminded me to review https://salsa.debian.org/debian/devscripts/-/merge_requests/336

 16:13 <slyon> apparently there aren't a lot of questions..

 16:13 <slyon> #topic Release incoming bugs

 16:13 <slyon> #link https://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ll-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 16:13 <slyon> https://bugs.launchpad.net/cloud-init/+bug/2008952

 16:19 <schopin> cross-component issue, danilogondolfo to investigate

 16:19 <slyon> we'll be assigning this to danilogondolfo for further investigation from the Netplan side

 16:19 <slyon> http://launchpad.net/bugs/2009814

 16:19 <dviererbe> LP#2009814: Inetutils is failing almost all autopkgtests (https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/inetutils/+bug/2009814)

 16:22 <zhsj> its test wants to test a package that conflicts with a dependency of ubuntu-minimal. not sure if there are good ways

 16:23 <slyon> I wonder if we can skip the non-telnet tests from debian/tests/control ?

 16:23 <slyon> I think there's also a skip-uninstallable Restriction for d/t/control which mightbe useful here.

 16:24 <zhsj> if we want to carry delta, then probably just drop inetutils-ping test

 16:26 <schopin> I'd rather just drop the inetutils-ping package entirely if it conflicts with ubuntu-minimal...

 16:27 <zhsj> ha, yes. you can never possible to install that.

 16:28 <slyon> we should either do this ^ or make use of update-alternatives to make it installable

 16:28 <slyon> assigning to dviererbe

 16:29 <dviererbe> I will investigate to add update-alternatives for inetutils-ping

 16:29 <slyon> Thanks, I think that's the cleanest solution. And should also be coordinated with Debian

 16:29 <slyon> #link https://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-jj-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 16:30 <slyon> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/grub2/+bug/1999345

 16:30 <slyon> seems like this is still pending security review. skipping for now

 16:30 <slyon> #topic proposed-migration

 16:30 <slyon> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs

 16:31 <slyon> licensecheck is with adrien and didrocks (pending MIR review)

 16:31 <slyon> sbuild is with waveform

 16:32 <schopin> glibc is still mine

 16:32 <slyon> thx

 16:32 <bdrung> tzdata is still mine

 16:33 <slyon> devscripts is with liushuyu

 16:33 <liushuyu> libzstd is still mine

 16:33 <slyon> libsereal-decoder-perl is with juliank (who's out today)

 16:34 <slyon> xz-utils is with ogayot (who's out today)

 16:34 <bdrung> devscripts is done from his part, I need to review and merge in Debian and release a new devsripts version

 16:34 <slyon> ack. so passing devscripts on to bdrung

 16:35 <slyon> zhsj: you were on python3-stdlib-extensions last week.

 16:35 <slyon> do you want to carry it over?

 16:35 <zhsj> i think it's someone else'

 16:36 <slyon> ah right. It was passed on and is up for grabs

 16:36 <ginggs> there's not much to do for python3-stdlib-extension

 16:37 <slyon> ginggs: do you want to check the remaining parts?

 16:38 <ginggs> astropy will pass when it runs

 16:38 <ginggs> and then it's just waiting for python3.10 to go

 16:38 <slyon> ok

 16:38 <slyon> let's move on to python3-defaults in this case

 16:38 <enr0n> I am looking into the dbus-python issue

 16:38 <slyon> dbus-python: enr0n

 16:38 <slyon> thx

 16:39 <slyon> most other cases of python3-defaults seem to be only single arch failures

 16:39 <slyon> ginggs: will take the full batch

 16:40 <slyon> e2fsprogs: jawn-smith

 16:40 <jawn-smith> ack

 16:40 <schopin> s390-tools is mine :)

 16:40 <slyon> s390-tools: schopin. thx

 16:41 <slyon> erlang: sil2100

 16:41 <slyon> cdebconf: adrien

 16:43 <slyon> automake: adrien, too

 16:43 <slyon> cryptsetup: danilogondolfo

 16:43 <zhsj> i can take zip

 16:43 <slyon> zhsj: zip. thx

 16:44 <sil2100> slyon: ACK

 16:44 <zhsj> oh, probably automake too, because it's for zip indeed.

 16:45 <slyon> procps: slyon

 16:45 <slyon> pycurl: dviererbe

 16:46 <slyon> tzdata: bdrung

 16:46 <slyon> sysvinit: mwhudson

 16:47 <slyon> rustc: liushuyu

 16:48 <slyon> curl: vpa1977

 16:48 <liushuyu> I guess somebody wants to look at the autopkgtest runners, some of the test failures seem to be due to broken testbeds

 16:48 <slyon> #topic AOB

 16:49 <slyon> liushuyu: I think the QA is looking into that actively

 16:49 <slyon> I'll be out friday & monday

 16:49 <adrien> zhsj: I'll start with cdebconf, let me know if you start on automake while working on zip

 16:50 <zhsj> adrien: sure, and there's no migration for automake :)

 16:51 <slyon> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)