== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status meeting, started by didrocks, 30 May at 14:34 &mdash; 14:58 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2023/ubuntu-meeting.2023-05-30-14.34.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== current component mismatches ===

Discussion started by didrocks at 14:34.

 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg   (didrocks, 14:34)
 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg   (didrocks, 14:34)

=== New MIRs ===

Discussion started by didrocks at 14:35.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=NEW&field.status%3Alist=CONFIRMED&assignee_option=none&field.assignee=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (didrocks, 14:35)

=== Incomplete bugs / questions ===

Discussion started by didrocks at 14:45.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (didrocks, 14:45)

=== Process/Documentation improvements ===

Discussion started by didrocks at 14:46.

 * ''LINK:'' https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/pulls   (didrocks, 14:46)
 * ''LINK:'' https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/issues   (didrocks, 14:46)
 * ''LINK:'' https://github.com/dviererbe/ubuntu-mir/tree/modernize-process-states-overview   (dviererbe, 14:48)

=== MIR related Security Review Queue ===

Discussion started by didrocks at 14:50.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-security/+bugs?field.searchtext=%5BMIR%5D&assignee_option=choose&field.assignee=ubuntu-security&field.bug_reporter=&field.bug_commenter=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (didrocks, 14:50)
 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-security/+bugs?field.searchtext=[MIR]&assignee_option=choose&field.assignee=ubuntu-security&field.bug_reporter=&field.bug_commenter=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (didrocks, 14:50)
 * ''LINK:'' https://warthogs.atlassian.net/jira/software/c/projects/SEC/boards/594   (didrocks, 14:50)

=== Any other business? ===

Discussion started by didrocks at 14:52.

 * ''LINK:'' https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/issues   (sarnold, 14:56)
 * ''LINK:'' https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/issues/24 has been "opened" for years  (didrocks, 14:56)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * didrocks (80)
 * sarnold (22)
 * jbicha (7)
 * eslerm (7)
 * dviererbe (5)
 * meetingology (2)



== Full log ==


 14:34 <didrocks> #startmeeting Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status

 14:34 <meetingology> Meeting started at 14:34:24 UTC.  The chair is didrocks.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 14:34 <didrocks> Ping for MIR meeting - didrocks joalif slyon sarnold cpaelzer jamespage ( eslerm dviererbe )

 14:34 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 14:34 <didrocks> #topic current component mismatches

 14:34 <didrocks> Mission: Identify required actions and spread the load among the teams

 14:34 <didrocks> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg

 14:34 <didrocks> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg

 14:34 <didrocks> c-m-p: I don’t see anything new, the whole mm/pp stack is in discussion with the desktop team

 14:35 <didrocks> c-m: all good too, nothing to add

 14:35 <didrocks> #topic New MIRs

 14:35 <didrocks> Mission: ensure to assign all incoming reviews for fast processing

 14:35 <didrocks> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=NEW&field.status%3Alist=CONFIRMED&assignee_option=none&field.assignee=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 14:36 <didrocks> the status is incorrect on all of them

 14:36 <didrocks> jbicha: please, look at https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir for the correct status, it should be New once ready for review

 14:36 <sarnold> is it? the process states section has "new/confirmed" even on step 1

 14:37 <didrocks> oh, I still had the old wiki version in mind :)

 14:37 <jbicha> In this case, I specifically chose Confirmed, but LP automatically upgrades bugs to Confirmed if someone clicks "this affects me" :/

 14:37 <didrocks> ah, that was maybe why it was changed to it

 14:37 <didrocks> ok, my bad then :)

 14:38 <didrocks> sorry for the false ping

 14:38 <didrocks> ok, so we need to split them

 14:38 <didrocks> but as I’m the only non security member here, I think nobody else can take any other?

 14:39 <didrocks> and I don’t want to assign for joalif or jamespage with them being away

 14:39 <jbicha> the 5 packages are fairly similar to each other

 14:39 <didrocks> I can take a second for the next pulse but can’t act more, I already have one

 14:39 <sarnold> yeah, at this point it's probably just a question of "how many does didrocks want?" :)

 14:40 <didrocks> sarnold: we agreed with management to take 2 by pulse

 14:40 <didrocks> this pulse was already full, so next pulse, I already have 1

 14:40 <sarnold> heh

 14:40 <didrocks> + another one

 14:40 <sarnold> sounds like the start of the cycle, indeed

 14:40 <didrocks> but it means I can’t take anymore for the next 2 pulses

 14:40 <didrocks> sorry 2 weeks*

 14:41 <didrocks> so meh, let’s do that, and maybe that will convince people to add more people to the MIR team :)

 14:41 <didrocks> I think libglibmm is the one making more sense, isn’t it jbicha?

 14:41 <jbicha> that's fine with me to start there

 14:42 <jbicha> oh it actually depends on libsigc++-3.0 though

 14:42 <didrocks> jbicha: I see that most of them have a bunch of lintian warnings, some could be fixed if we are working on debian, is it the case?

 14:42 <jbicha> libsig actually has a symbols file already :)

 14:42 <sarnold> \o/

 14:43 <jbicha> my opinion is that the lintian warnings are harmless, but yes I can fix things in Debian if needed

 14:43 <didrocks> jbicha: at worst with lintian override? that way, you get a clean list, and when a new one is introduced, you will notice it rather than being list in the existing list

 14:43 <didrocks> thanks!

 14:43 <didrocks> ok, taking libsigc++ first

 14:44 <didrocks> if joalif or jamespage reads afterwards, please, take one on the list ^

 14:44 <sarnold> "national-encoding"?

 14:45 <didrocks> #topic Incomplete bugs / questions

 14:45 <didrocks> Mission: Identify required actions and spread the load among the teams

 14:45 <didrocks> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 14:45 <jbicha> sarnold: I try to ignore m4 files

 14:45 <sarnold> jbicha: ahh, apparently, as did I, I saw the 'x86_64-linux-gnu' and assumed it was an .so :)

 14:46 <didrocks> ok, on the incomplete list, only tagging and other in progress comments as far as I can see

 14:46 <didrocks> let’s move on

 14:46 <sarnold> duktape assigned to band_ali, probably for todos?

 14:46 <didrocks> right

 14:46 <sarnold> and cargo, similar, tagged

 14:46 <didrocks> yep

 14:46 <didrocks> #topic Process/Documentation improvements

 14:46 <didrocks> Mission: Review pending process/documentation pull-requests or issues

 14:46 <didrocks> #link https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/pulls

 14:46 <didrocks> #link https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/issues

 14:47 <didrocks> unsure I will have time to go to your PR dviererbe this week, but nice to see this work!

 14:47 <dviererbe> No problem :)

 14:48 <didrocks> I think for typos, an approval from a peer is enough to merge

 14:48 <sarnold> ooo is there an easy way to see the rendered flowchart?

 14:48 <dviererbe> Just go to my repo

 14:48 <dviererbe> https://github.com/dviererbe/ubuntu-mir/tree/modernize-process-states-overview

 14:48 <sarnold> dviererbe: ah!

 14:48 <eslerm> \o/

 14:48 <didrocks> that’s nice, I didn’t know that was rendered by GH!

 14:49 <dviererbe> I just learned about that this week

 14:49 <didrocks> just used mermaid today and rendered a svg…

 14:49 <didrocks> so ok, I have some PR to open :)

 14:50 <didrocks> ok, let’s move to the next section

 14:50 <didrocks> #topic MIR related Security Review Queue

 14:50 <didrocks> Mission: Check on progress, do deadlines seem doable?

 14:50 <didrocks> Some clients can only work with one, some with the other escaping - the URLs point to the same place.

 14:50 <didrocks> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-security/+bugs?field.searchtext=%5BMIR%5D&assignee_option=choose&field.assignee=ubuntu-security&field.bug_reporter=&field.bug_commenter=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 14:50 <didrocks> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-security/+bugs?field.searchtext=[MIR]&assignee_option=choose&field.assignee=ubuntu-security&field.bug_reporter=&field.bug_commenter=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 14:50 <didrocks> Internal link

 14:50 <didrocks> - ensure your teams items are prioritized among each other as you'd expect

 14:50 <didrocks> - ensure community requests do not get stomped by teams calling for favors too much

 14:50 <didrocks> #link https://warthogs.atlassian.net/jira/software/c/projects/SEC/boards/594

 14:50 <didrocks> sarnold:  anything to mention at this point?

 14:51 <sarnold> didrocks: eslerm finished cpdb-libs last week \o/ :) and we've assigned tasks around

 14:51 <didrocks> ironic that for once, you are more on the security side than the reviewer side :p

 14:51 <eslerm> I'm working on dbus-broker

 14:51 <didrocks> oh, that will make seb128 happy

 14:51 <eslerm> someone signed up for cargo, but since it is incomplete I'll suggest other cargo dependencies

 14:52 <didrocks> unsure we got a conclusion on the maintaince side yet

 14:52 <didrocks> yeah

 14:52 <didrocks> ok, so good progress on that front :)

 14:52 <didrocks> #topic Any other business?

 14:52 <sarnold> the one missing piece from dbus-daemon does seem like a large risk..

 14:52 <didrocks> exactly

 14:53 <didrocks> and we need to know where we are heading to, to prevent doing a MIR security review check for nothing

 14:53 <sarnold> we're not interested in *two* running dbus daemons, one for system and one for user

 14:53 <eslerm> I could hold off for now

 14:53 <didrocks> maybe check with seb128 first, as he was the one checking with foundation IIRC

 14:54 <didrocks> apart from breaking dbus (oh wait… broker, not breaker :p) anything else to note?

 14:54 <eslerm> I'll ping ~mir-security-review-priority on MM

 14:54 <didrocks> sounds good to me

 14:54 <sarnold> I think eslerm ought to continue onwards; dbus is an integral part of everything, and getting issues with it sorted out as early as possible seems like a good approach

 14:54 <eslerm> I'll just do what Seth suggests :D

 14:54 <didrocks> ack!

 14:55 <sarnold> and even if we decide to stick with what we've got because it meets gdm's needs, maybe we'll find useful things for upstream to work on before we return

 14:56 <sarnold> oh yes! we missed the .../issues/ section earlier

 14:56 <sarnold> https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/issues

 14:56 <sarnold> I just added one about team members :) and eslerm added one a few days ago https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/issues/22

 14:56 <didrocks> https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/issues/24 has been "opened" for years

 14:57 <didrocks> yeah, agreed on 22, but it’s also blocked on 24 still

 14:57 <didrocks> anyway, I think we should discuss processes when more team members are around, wdyt?

 14:57 <eslerm> +1

 14:57 <dviererbe> +1

 14:57 <sarnold> now that it's written down somewhere, I can trust cpaelzer will be annoyed enough by it to try to drive that through to an answer of how we do this :)

 14:57 <didrocks> heh, sounds good!

 14:58 <sarnold> that's it for me

 14:58 <didrocks> ok, going once…

 14:58 <didrocks> going twice…

 14:58 <didrocks> and here we go! Thanks everyone :)

 14:58 <sarnold> thanks didrocks, dviererbe, eslerm, jbicha  :)

 14:58 <didrocks> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)