== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status meeting, started by sarnold, 06 Jun at 14:33 &mdash; 14:52 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2023/ubuntu-meeting.2023-06-06-14.33.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== current component mismatches ===

Discussion started by sarnold at 14:33.

 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg   (sarnold, 14:33)
 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg   (sarnold, 14:33)

=== New MIRs ===

Discussion started by sarnold at 14:34.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=NEW&field.status%3Alist=CONFIRMED&assignee_option=none&field.assignee=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (sarnold, 14:34)
 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/cargo/+bug/1993819   (eslerm, 14:35)

=== Incomplete bugs / questions ===

Discussion started by sarnold at 14:38.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (sarnold, 14:38)

=== Process/Documentation improvements ===

Discussion started by sarnold at 14:39.

 * ''LINK:'' https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/pulls   (sarnold, 14:39)
 * ''LINK:'' https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/issues   (sarnold, 14:39)

=== MIR related Security Review Queue ===

Discussion started by sarnold at 14:41.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-security/+bugs?field.searchtext=%5BMIR%5D&assignee_option=choose&field.assignee=ubuntu-security&field.bug_reporter=&field.bug_commenter=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (sarnold, 14:41)
 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-security/+bugs?field.searchtext=[MIR]&assignee_option=choose&field.assignee=ubuntu-security&field.bug_reporter=&field.bug_commenter=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (sarnold, 14:41)
 * ''LINK:'' https://warthogs.atlassian.net/jira/software/c/projects/SEC/boards/594   (sarnold, 14:42)

=== Any other business? ===

Discussion started by sarnold at 14:43.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/cargo/+bug/1993819   (eslerm, 14:44)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * sarnold (47)
 * eslerm (12)
 * didrocks (3)
 * meetingology (2)
 * dviererbe (2)



== Full log ==


 14:33 <sarnold> #startmeeting Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status

 14:33 <meetingology> Meeting started at 14:33:22 UTC.  The chair is sarnold.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 14:33 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 14:33 <sarnold> Ping for MIR meeting - didrocks joalif slyon sarnold cpaelzer jamespage ( eslerm dviererbe )

 14:33 <sarnold> #topic current component mismatches

 14:33 <sarnold> Mission: Identify required actions and spread the load among the teams

 14:33 <sarnold> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg

 14:33 <sarnold> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg

 14:34 <sarnold> I think these graphs look substantially identical to last time around

 14:34 <sarnold> #topic New MIRs

 14:34 <sarnold> Mission: ensure to assign all incoming reviews for fast processing

 14:34 <sarnold> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=NEW&field.status%3Alist=CONFIRMED&assignee_option=none&field.assignee=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 14:35 <eslerm> @liushuyu-011 would like an update from the MIR Team on LP#1993819 for cargo/dh-cargo

 14:35 <sarnold> plausibly all four had updates since the last meeting

 14:35 <eslerm> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/cargo/+bug/1993819

 14:36 <sarnold> if I'm reading these correctly, all four are ready for assignment; dviererbe, do any of these look interesting? lol

 14:37 <dviererbe> Actually I am packed this pulse. I can look at them if I have time this pulse

 14:38 <sarnold> alrighty, that's a recurring theme, heh

 14:38 <sarnold> #topic Incomplete bugs / questions

 14:38 <sarnold> Mission: Identify required actions and spread the load among the teams

 14:38 <sarnold> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 14:39 <sarnold> the one change is eslerm's update on dbus-broker \o/ but it does raise more questions. anyway, nothing here for us right now, i think

 14:39 <sarnold> #topic Process/Documentation improvements

 14:39 <sarnold> Mission: Review pending process/documentation pull-requests or issues

 14:39 <sarnold> #link https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/pulls

 14:39 <sarnold> #link https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/issues

 14:40 <sarnold> hah, bot pull request, I'm inclined to say we ought to close it

 14:40 <dviererbe> ack

 14:40 <eslerm> +1

 14:41 <sarnold> and then two old issues..

 14:41 <sarnold> #topic MIR related Security Review Queue

 14:41 <sarnold> Mission: Check on progress, do deadlines seem doable?

 14:41 <sarnold> Some clients can only work with one, some with the other escaping - the URLs point to the same place.

 14:41 <sarnold> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-security/+bugs?field.searchtext=%5BMIR%5D&assignee_option=choose&field.assignee=ubuntu-security&field.bug_reporter=&field.bug_commenter=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 14:41 <sarnold> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-security/+bugs?field.searchtext=[MIR]&assignee_option=choose&field.assignee=ubuntu-security&field.bug_reporter=&field.bug_commenter=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 14:42 <sarnold> Internal link

 14:42 <sarnold> - ensure your teams items are prioritized among each other as you'd expect

 14:42 <sarnold> - ensure community requests do not get stomped by teams calling for favors too much

 14:42 <sarnold> #link https://warthogs.atlassian.net/jira/software/c/projects/SEC/boards/594

 14:42 <sarnold> we've got tasks assigned out, it's feeling good, but that might just be the start-of-cycle lull :)

 14:42 <eslerm> we've assigned high priority tasks early in the cycle

 14:43 <eslerm> except dhcpcd5, which we plan to assign by end of week

 14:43 <sarnold> (and, like others, we've got pretty full pulses without a lot of room for adding extras..)

 14:43 <sarnold> #topic Any other business?

 14:44 <eslerm> dh-cargo/cargo is blocked for security work until MIR team finishes ack

 14:44 <sarnold> eslerm raised https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/cargo/+bug/1993819

 14:44 <didrocks> o/

 14:44 <sarnold> heya didrocks :)

 14:44 <eslerm> hi o/

 14:44 <eslerm> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/cargo/+bug/1993819

 14:44 <eslerm> sorry for repeat :)

 14:47 <sarnold> man I'm so glad we moved to 'one package per bug' for future stuff, it's hard for me to figure out what exactly we're missing here

 14:48 <didrocks> I have to recheck the cargo part, I’ll do this pulse

 14:48 <sarnold> I think liushuyu-011's answers probably should have flipped the bug status back to New

 14:48 <sarnold> (or confirmed?) heh

 14:48 <eslerm> thank you didrocks \o/

 14:49 <sarnold> thanks didrocks :)

 14:49 <sarnold> didrocks: (I'll leave the status and assignment up to you, so we don't collide)

 14:49 <eslerm> download dh-cargo is 128K, so maybe it is rolled into a single MIR?

 14:50 <sarnold> yeah, under the old system doing both in one bug really did make sense

 14:50 <sarnold> but it makes integrating with jira difficult and makes it hard in my head :)

 14:50 <sarnold> is there anything else?

 14:50 <eslerm> not from me

 14:51 <didrocks> doesn’t seem either

 14:52 <sarnold> thanks eslerm, dviererbe, didrocks :)

 14:52 <sarnold> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)