== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team meeting, started by jawn-smith, 23 Feb at 16:00 &mdash; 17:02 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2023/ubuntu-meeting.2023-02-23-16.00.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== Release incoming bugs ===

Discussion started by jawn-smith at 16:11.

 * ''LINK:'' https://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ll-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs   (jawn-smith, 16:11)
 * ''LINK:'' https://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-jj-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs   (jawn-smith, 16:21)

=== proposed-migration ===

Discussion started by jawn-smith at 16:25.

 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs   (jawn-smith, 16:26)

=== AOB ===

Discussion started by jawn-smith at 16:57.




== People present (lines said) ==

 * jawn-smith (91)
 * bdmurray (12)
 * juliank (8)
 * ginggs (7)
 * dbungert (6)
 * waveform (5)
 * danilogondolfo (5)
 * bdrung (4)
 * adrien (4)
 * zhsj (3)
 * slyon (3)
 * meetingology (2)
 * dviererbe (2)
 * ogayot (2)
 * schopin (2)
 * xypron (2)
 * enr0n (1)



== Full log ==


 16:00 <jawn-smith> #startmeeting Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team

 16:00 <meetingology> Meeting started at 16:00:20 UTC.  The chair is jawn-smith.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 16:00 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 16:00 <ginggs> o/

 16:01 <bdrung> \o

 16:01 <dviererbe> Hello!

 16:01 <jawn-smith> The weekly status is here: https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/foundations-team-updates-thursday-23-february-2023/34122

 16:01 <jawn-smith> Let's all take our usual time to read and ask questions

 16:01 <ogayot> o/

 16:04 <bdmurray> What are these tzdata uploads?

 16:05 <bdmurray> Also there was a card about separating ICU data from tzdata.

 16:05 <bdrung> bdmurray, see https://launchpad.net/bugs/2008076 and https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-devel/2023-January/042405.html

 16:08 <zhsj> i've a remaining question when fix bug 2002871, shall we hack debhelper/dpkg right now or we can wait some time to see if launchpad-buildd can be changed.

 16:11 <jawn-smith> #topic Release incoming bugs

 16:11 <jawn-smith> #link https://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ll-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 16:11 <jawn-smith> oh before we get on with this does anyone have an answer for zhsj ?

 16:14 <waveform> still reading the backlog on that one

 16:15 <bdmurray> waveform: could you comment on the bug after you are done reading?

 16:15 <waveform> will do

 16:15 <jawn-smith> Okay great so we have someone looking into that

 16:15 <jawn-smith> moving on to bugs

 16:16 <jawn-smith> bug 2003331

 16:16 <bdrung> after reading the bug comments, I would say that we should wait for launchpad-buildd to be fixed (instead of patching debhelper)

 16:16 <jawn-smith> This is with desktop IIRC, so let's move on

 16:16 <jawn-smith> bug 2008142

 16:16 <bdmurray> I wasn't sure if this was a subiquity bug or an ubuntu-desktop-installer issue. dbungert?

 16:17 <dbungert> there may be something specific to desktop here, I'm pretty sure I have hardare that uses this driver and works with live-server

 16:17 <dbungert> I'll retry that real hardware and go from there

 16:18 <dbungert> desktop does do network handling differently and I'm concerned that this is affected

 16:18 <bdmurray> I thought I'd seen the driver was on the image though

 16:19 <dbungert> I don't think this is a pool problem, the subiquity network controller has some magic for wireless and I wonder if that does the right thing for desktop

 16:19 <bdmurray> Checking ./pool/restricted/b/broadcom-sta/broadcom-sta-dkms_6.30.223.271-23ubuntu1_all.deb

 16:20 <jawn-smith> Sounds like dbungert will be investigating this

 16:20 <jawn-smith> so we'll remove the incoming tag and add a foundations-todo tag

 16:21 <jawn-smith> kk is empty again, hooray

 16:21 <jawn-smith> #link https://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-jj-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 16:21 <jawn-smith> bug 1063589

 16:22 <jawn-smith> bdmurray: you looked into this right?

 16:22 <bdmurray> I looked for aptdaemon bugs similar to this and found none

 16:22 <bdmurray> Having said that I think this still needs fixing given the quantity of duplicates in the Error Tracker

 16:23 <jawn-smith> Okay any volunteers to look into fixing this?

 16:23 <bdmurray> Looking again it only has hundreds of duplicates

 16:24 <bdmurray> So maybe it isn't founations-todo but a someday maybe

 16:24 <jawn-smith> Okay so let's remove the tag and subscribe foundations bugs

 16:24 <jawn-smith> Thanks bdmurray

 16:24 <jawn-smith> bug 1999345

 16:24 <jawn-smith> juliank: still with security?

 16:25 <juliank> yeah

 16:25 <jawn-smith> That was easy then

 16:25 <jawn-smith> not many real bugs today

 16:25 <jawn-smith> #topic proposed-migration

 16:26 <jawn-smith> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs

 16:26 <jawn-smith> libarchive was with me but I'm pretty stuck

 16:26 <jawn-smith> Anyone else want to take a look at this? It's a weirdly repeatable broken pipe error

 16:26 <schopin> jawn-smith: I'll take over

 16:27 <jawn-smith> Thanks! When you figure it out can you let me know what it was?

 16:27 <schopin> s/When/If

 16:27 <jawn-smith> I have faith in you

 16:27 <jawn-smith> licensecheck was waiting on an MIR

 16:28 <jawn-smith> adrien: you were working that right?

 16:29 <jawn-smith> sbuild was waveform right?

 16:29 <waveform> yup, haven't looked at it since last week though

 16:29 <adrien> licensecheck MIR in review since yesterday

 16:30 <waveform> will try and take another look this week

 16:30 <jawn-smith> Thanks!

 16:30 <jawn-smith> cryptsetup

 16:30 <bdrung> o/

 16:31 <jawn-smith> Thanks bdrung

 16:31 <jawn-smith> lsb-release-minimal

 16:31 <jawn-smith> waveform: you said there was nothing to do for this right?

 16:31 <jawn-smith> Just waiting on queues?

 16:31 <waveform> that was also with me; the apt-clone part is resolved and I think the zfs-linux test just needs re-kicking

 16:32 <jawn-smith> Okay I'll trigger that one

 16:33 <jawn-smith> done

 16:33 <jawn-smith> I'll look into icu since I uploaded it

 16:33 <juliank> icu see ubuntu-release

 16:34 <juliank> the boost failures are not failures, boost has been set to not run, so it needs to be force-badtested accordingly (#ubuntu-release)

 16:34 <jawn-smith> Indeed, but I believe I should prove that the tests pass in canonistack or on a raspi

 16:35 <jawn-smith> before asking release to hint

 16:35 <juliank> why?

 16:35 <juliank> Either we run the tests or we don't run them

 16:35 <jawn-smith> Cause bdmurray said so

 16:35 <juliank> Why do we disable boost tests on autopkgtest.u.c and run them manually?

 16:37 <bdmurray> Because there are issues booting arm64 instances and some package's tests require multiple instances and eventually one fails to boot.

 16:37 <juliank> Someone's gonna rerun it with migration-reference/0 and then it's alwaysfail anyhow

 16:37 <bdmurray> Subsequently the pragmatic thing to do seemed to me to continue working on other things in the queue and coming back

 16:38 <ginggs> boost and dgit and friends have many many tests defined in debian/tests/control

 16:41 <jawn-smith> We're going to pester v_orlon to see if he has better ideas

 16:42 <jawn-smith> Skipping glibc as we're just waiting on a bunch of things

 16:43 <jawn-smith> python-3.10 is going to be removed soon so ignoring that

 16:43 <jawn-smith> libgd2

 16:44 <jawn-smith> was anyone looking into this?

 16:44 <ginggs> danilo was looking

 16:44 <ginggs> i retried some tests and they have just passed

 16:45 <jawn-smith> cool thanks

 16:45 <jawn-smith> looks like the next valid one is openjdk-lts blocking harfbuzz

 16:45 <jawn-smith> Let's assign that to vpa1977

 16:46 <jawn-smith> Then devscripts has some issues

 16:46 <jawn-smith> Any volunteers for devscripts?

 16:46 <slyon> I can

 16:46 <ginggs> is there an mir process for the new dependencies of devscripts?

 16:46 <jawn-smith> Thanks slyon

 16:46 <jawn-smith> I think someone was working on that MIR, yes

 16:47 <slyon> yes it's done

 16:47 <slyon> pending MIR review

 16:47 <adrien> there are several ones if I'm not mistaken and they are assigned

 16:47 <ginggs> ah yes, the excuses bugs

 16:47 <adrien> :)

 16:47 <jawn-smith> alright great

 16:47 <jawn-smith> libio-socket-ssl-perl

 16:47 <jawn-smith> any takers?

 16:47 <jawn-smith> some of these failures are on architectures with their queues in good shape

 16:48 <jawn-smith> enr0n: libio-socket-ssl-perl

 16:48 <jawn-smith> ogayot: m4 ?

 16:48 <enr0n> jawn-smith: ack

 16:48 <ogayot> jawn-smith: ack

 16:48 <ginggs> i'll take pillow

 16:49 <jawn-smith> adrien: pillow ?

 16:49 <jawn-smith> oh sorry ginggs

 16:49 <jawn-smith> adrien: tcl8.6

 16:49 <adrien> ok

 16:49 <jawn-smith> dbungert: want to start chipping away at the lsb regressions?

 16:50 <dbungert> jawn-smith: ack

 16:50 <jawn-smith> danilogondolfo: want to share lsb with dbungert ?

 16:51 <danilogondolfo> sure

 16:51 <jawn-smith> gsasl blocking dovecot

 16:51 <jawn-smith> looks like just needs a retry

 16:51 <jawn-smith> will wait for queues

 16:51 <jawn-smith> openjdk-17 is with vpa1977

 16:53 <jawn-smith> dviererbe: can you look into libhtml-parser-perl ?

 16:53 <jawn-smith> Anyone want to look into fakeroot?

 16:54 <zhsj> i will

 16:54 <jawn-smith> Thanks!

 16:54 <jawn-smith> zhsj: are you also looking at golang-defaults?

 16:54 <jawn-smith> or would you like me to?

 16:54 <zhsj> yes, they are just waiting the queue

 16:54 <jawn-smith> xypron: libcap2 ?

 16:54 <jawn-smith> great, thanks zhsj

 16:55 <xypron> ok

 16:55 <jawn-smith> Thanks!

 16:55 <jawn-smith> oh apparently that's with danilogondolfo

 16:56 <jawn-smith> Is anyone already looking into pkg-js-tools vs dpkg?

 16:56 <dbungert> danilogondolfo: I'm going to run some retests related to lsb and then we can split the rest

 16:56 <danilogondolfo> right, thanks

 16:56 <juliank> give me

 16:56 <dviererbe> Sorry forgot to write here that I will look into libhtml-parser-perl

 16:57 <jawn-smith> xypron: can you start looking into sphinx-rtd-theme instead? There are a bunch so no need to get them all done this week

 16:57 <xypron> fine

 16:57 <jawn-smith> Everyone has one then

 16:57 <jawn-smith> #topic AOB

 16:57 <jawn-smith> I'm out most of next week

 16:59 <danilogondolfo> I still looking for sponsoring for a merge :P https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/curl/+bug/2008123

 17:00 <jawn-smith> danilogondolfo: I will try to take a look today

 17:00 <jawn-smith> also danilogondolfo I have a new raspi desktop image to test if you have time

 17:01 <danilogondolfo> thanks so much

 17:01 <jawn-smith> Should be at the same link you used before

 17:01 <danilogondolfo> yeah, sure

 17:01 <jawn-smith> I think waveform is also going to do some testing

 17:02 <jawn-smith> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)