== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team meeting, started by juliank, 13 Jul at 15:02 &mdash; 15:53 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2023/ubuntu-meeting.2023-07-13-15.02.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning rounds ===

Discussion started by juliank at 15:02.

 * ''LINK:'' https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/foundations-team-updates-thursday-13-jul-2023/   (juliank, 15:02)

=== Release incoming bugs ===

Discussion started by juliank at 15:15.

 * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-mm-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs   (juliank, 15:15)
 * ''LINK:'' https://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ll-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs   (juliank, 15:21)

=== Team proposed-migration report ===

Discussion started by juliank at 15:22.

 * ''LINK:'' https://ubuntu-archive-team.ubuntu.com/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs   (juliank, 15:22)
 * ''LINK:'' https://peps.python.org/pep-0632/ should help for people handling distutils deprecation items  (dbungert, 15:42)

=== AOB ===

Discussion started by juliank at 15:49.




== People present (lines said) ==

 * juliank (91)
 * ginggs (8)
 * bdrung (6)
 * slyon (5)
 * waveform (5)
 * dbungert (4)
 * bdmurray (3)
 * schopin (3)
 * zhsj (3)
 * danilogondolfo (3)
 * meetingology (2)
 * adrien (2)
 * dviererbe (1)
 * xypron_ (1)
 * pushkarnk (1)
 * liushuyu (1)



== Full log ==


 15:02 <juliank> #startmeeting Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team

 15:02 <meetingology> Meeting started at 15:02:05 UTC.  The chair is juliank.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 15:02 <slyon> o/

 15:02 <ginggs> o/ also

 15:02 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 15:02 <juliank> #topic Lightning rounds

 15:02 <juliank> #link https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/foundations-team-updates-thursday-13-jul-2023/

 15:02 <juliank> 8 minutes for reading!

 15:02 <dviererbe> o/

 15:03 <bdmurray> timed readingâ€½

 15:03 <bdrung> juliank, 8min for your entry alone?

 15:03 <juliank> :D

 15:03 <juliank> Yeah we always continue at the :10 mark

 15:05 <bdmurray> dbungert: so the sponsoring report has been updated?

 15:05 <dbungert> bdmurray: no, not yet.  I think my MP doesn't have to be on python3, so I can run a python2 test then we could merge

 15:09 <juliank> sigh, doko added a apt-utils dependency to ca-certificates-java test so now it fails on i386 as it tries to swap i386 apt for amd64 one

 15:09 <juliank> this needs what an apt-utils:native?

 15:11 <bdrung> waveform, can you link the blog post that you wrote?

 15:11 * juliank checks

 15:11 <waveform> bdrung, it's not finished yet -- still getting screenshots on the last two (because I forgot to get them first time round and it takes at least 2 hours to get each to run!)

 15:12 <waveform> it'll be the follow-on from https://waldorf.waveform.org.uk/2023/desktop-on-a-stick.html though (I'll update that one with a link once it's posted)

 15:12 <bdrung> ah, i intrepreted that entry that you have finished writing it.

 15:12 <juliank> so ginngs, badtesting ca-certificates-java/i386 was wrong

 15:12 <juliank> the new test dependency is wrong

 15:13 <bdrung> schopin, you did not mention apport. Was it too disturbing?

 15:13 <ginggs> juliank: ack

 15:13 <juliank> I'll just go try :native, I don't have an i386 cross-testing setup

 15:13 <schopin> bdrung: I honestly forgot.

 15:14 <ginggs> juliank: i find testing in a PPA is good for i386/cross-testing

 15:15 <juliank> Sounds reasonable

 15:15 <juliank> Let's move on

 15:15 <juliank> #topic Release incoming bugs

 15:15 <juliank> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-mm-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 15:15 <juliank> bug 2026637 is up to desktop to figure out what they want

 15:16 <juliank> let's look at bug 2026826

 15:16 <juliank> I think that's with desktop too, though

 15:16 <slyon> ^ this one is probably fixed

 15:16 <slyon> (confirming the fix right now

 15:17 <juliank> bug 2026310 I don't think is worth spending work on right now

 15:19 <bdrung> Isn't that a small drive-by change?

 15:20 <zhsj> if it's been there for a long time, people may rely on that... lol

 15:20 <juliank> this is quite complex

 15:21 <juliank> I moved it to nn-incoming

 15:21 <juliank> #link https://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ll-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 15:21 <juliank> <empt>

 15:21 <juliank> *<empty>

 15:22 <juliank> ok jj and ff are empty too, skipping

 15:22 <juliank> #topic Team proposed-migration report

 15:22 <juliank> #link https://ubuntu-archive-team.ubuntu.com/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs

 15:22 <juliank> now to find the jira tracking epic

 15:24 <juliank> netcat-openbsd

 15:25 <juliank> yes the failures are network related

 15:25 <juliank> volunteers?

 15:25 <danilogondolfo> juliank, I can take a look

 15:26 <juliank> netcat-openbsd: danilogondolfo

 15:26 <juliank> gcc-13 seems to need a hint, I'd assign ginggs to it

 15:26 <ginggs> gcc-13 is no longer is never_run, and the retest is already in the queue

 15:26 <ginggs> in*

 15:26 <juliank> perfect

 15:26 <juliank> python-click blocking python3-defaults

 15:27 <juliank> >  AttributeError: property 'encoding' of 'DontReadFromInput' object has no setter

 15:27 <bdrung> i can have a look

 15:27 <juliank> python-click: bdrung

 15:27 <juliank> python-lockfile blocking setuptools (67.8.0-1 to 68.0.0-1) for 7 days

 15:27 <juliank> > FAIL stderr: /tmp/autopkgtest.Alr6oH/build.pAS/src/debian/tests/smoke_test.py:27: DeprecationWarning: pkg_resources is deprecated as an API. See https://setuptools.pypa.io/en/latest/pkg_resources.html

 15:28 <dbungert> juliank: I've done one of these already, I can take that

 15:28 <juliank> python-lockfile: dbungert

 15:29 <juliank> multiple things blocking python3-defaults (3.11.4-1 to 3.11.4-5)

 15:29 <juliank> python3-defaults vs openvswitch

 15:29 <juliank> [seems not super related imo]

 15:29 <danilogondolfo> openvswitch is failing due to dpdk

 15:29 <xypron_> setuptools-scm has a bug in its  pyproject.toml

 15:30 <danilogondolfo> same reason why netcat-openbsd has excuses

 15:30 <juliank> ah yes

 15:30 * juliank is bad at remembering

 15:30 <juliank> xypron_: you're a couple lines ahead :D

 15:31 <juliank> python-click/8.1.3-2 we already assigned

 15:31 <juliank> python3-defaults vs python-molotov is a timeout

 15:31 <juliank> 11050s autodep8-python3     FAIL timed out

 15:31 <juliank> 11050s autodep8-python3     PASS (superficial)

 15:31 <juliank> confusing

 15:31 <ginggs> i'll take the rest of python3-defaults

 15:31 <juliank> bdmurray: do you know what that means, it's the same test twice?

 15:32 <juliank> thanks ginggs

 15:32 <juliank> python-molotov/2.1-5: arm64 (log, history)

 15:32 <juliank> python-omegaconf/2.2.2

 15:32 <juliank> those ones ginggs?

 15:32 <ginggs> yes

 15:32 <juliank> ack

 15:32 <juliank> ugh now it gets weird

 15:32 <bdmurray> juliank: No, but I could look into it.

 15:33 <juliank> bdmurray: check with ginggs I'd say

 15:33 <juliank> setuptools  vs doit/0.31.1

 15:34 <juliank> also editorconfig-core-py and gandi-cli

 15:34 <juliank> Are pkg_resources deprecation warnings

 15:35 <juliank> python3-defaults vs setuptools-scm: xypron_

 15:36 <juliank> so patroni is a real issue, the others are all deprecation warningsa

 15:36 <juliank> dbungert could maybe explain what to do

 15:37 <juliank> setuptools vs doit: juliank

 15:37 <juliank> setuptools vs editorconfig-core-py: ?

 15:37 <slyon> I can

 15:37 <juliank> setuptools vs editorconfig-core-py: slyon

 15:38 <juliank> Actually should we drop them into a separate epic and we can go pick from it?

 15:38 <slyon> dbungert: can you give a reference of where you fixed that deprecation issue earlier? So we can take it as a template

 15:39 <dbungert> slyon: digging

 15:40 <juliank> I'll just go assigning alphabetically shout if you don't want

 15:40 <juliank> setuptools vs gandi-cli: adrien

 15:41 <juliank> setuptools vs pyethash: waveform

 15:41 <waveform> ok

 15:41 <schopin> (how does one pronounce that?)

 15:41 <juliank> setuptools vs pyrlp: dviererbe

 15:41 <adrien> sure (sorry, got distracted right when I was about to answer)

 15:41 <juliank> setuptools vs python-coverage: pushkarnk

 15:42 <pushkarnk> sure

 15:42 <juliank> setuptools vs python-daemon: schopin

 15:42 <schopin> ack

 15:42 <dbungert> https://peps.python.org/pep-0632/ should help for people handling distutils deprecation items

 15:43 <juliank> python-jsonext liushuyu

 15:43 <juliank> eh

 15:43 <juliank> setuptools vs python-jsonext liushuyu

 15:44 <juliank> setuptools vs python-lockfile: zhsj

 15:44 <liushuyu> juliank: okay

 15:44 <zhsj> ack

 15:44 <juliank> setuptools vs python-tinyrpc: vorlon

 15:45 <juliank> setuptools vs patroni: doko

 15:45 <juliank> setuptools vs python-can: sil2100

 15:46 <waveform> for pkg_resources deprecations, importlib.resources (https://docs.python.org/3/library/importlib.resources.html) is probably worth a look too

 15:46 <juliank> pillow vs django-simple-captcha mateus-morais

 15:46 <waveform> (particularly the migration document: https://importlib-resources.readthedocs.io/en/latest/migration.html)

 15:47 <juliank> pillow vs dnstwist: ogayot

 15:47 <juliank> pillow vs fdroidserver: vladimir

 15:48 <juliank> and everyone has one now, but lots of stuff leftover

 15:49 <juliank> #topic AOB

 15:49 <ginggs> gcc 13 is now the default in debian and ubuntu

 15:49 <juliank> hooray

 15:49 <juliank> I need to compile grub with something newer than gcc-10

 15:51 <zhsj> so i guess we will see lots of new items in proposed migration for gcc-defaults /me run away.

 15:52 <adrien> I'll be off on tomorrow

 15:53 <juliank> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)