== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status meeting, started by cpaelzer, 11 Jul at 14:30 &mdash; 15:01 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2023/ubuntu-meeting.2023-07-11-14.30.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== current component mismatches ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 14:31.

 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg   (cpaelzer, 14:31)
 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg   (cpaelzer, 14:31)

=== New MIRs ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 14:36.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=NEW&field.status%3Alist=CONFIRMED&assignee_option=none&field.assignee=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (cpaelzer, 14:36)
 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/lua5.4/+bug/2026608   (cpaelzer, 14:36)
 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/tecla/+bug/2026774   (cpaelzer, 14:40)
 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/nvme-stas/+bug/2026591   (cpaelzer, 14:40)

=== Incomplete bugs / questions ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 14:44.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (cpaelzer, 14:44)

=== Process/Documentation improvements ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 14:47.

 * ''LINK:'' https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/pulls   (cpaelzer, 14:47)
 * ''LINK:'' https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/issues   (cpaelzer, 14:47)
 * ''LINK:'' https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/pull/23   (dviererbe, 14:47)

=== MIR related Security Review Queue ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 14:50.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-security/+bugs?field.searchtext=%5BMIR%5D&assignee_option=choose&field.assignee=ubuntu-security&field.bug_reporter=&field.bug_commenter=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (cpaelzer, 14:50)
 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-security/+bugs?field.searchtext=[MIR]&assignee_option=choose&field.assignee=ubuntu-security&field.bug_reporter=&field.bug_commenter=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (cpaelzer, 14:50)
 * ''LINK:'' https://warthogs.atlassian.net/jira/software/c/projects/SEC/boards/594   (cpaelzer, 14:50)

=== Any other business? ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 14:52.

 * ''LINK:'' https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/issues/30   (cpaelzer, 14:55)
 * ''LINK:'' https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/pull/31   (cpaelzer, 14:55)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * cpaelzer (152)
 * slyon (23)
 * didrocks (21)
 * seb128 (16)
 * sarnold (15)
 * eslerm (6)
 * dviererbe (3)
 * meetingology (2)
 * bdrung (2)
 * joalif (2)



== Full log ==


 14:30 <cpaelzer> #startmeeting Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status

 14:30 <meetingology> Meeting started at 14:30:54 UTC.  The chair is cpaelzer.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 14:30 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 14:30 <cpaelzer> Ping for MIR meeting - didrocks joalif slyon sarnold cpaelzer jamespage ( eslerm dviererbe )

 14:31 <cpaelzer> lots of people already around

 14:31 <cpaelzer> and a lot on the agenda I guess

 14:31 <cpaelzer> so let us start

 14:31 <cpaelzer> #topic current component mismatches

 14:31 <cpaelzer> Mission: Identify required actions and spread the load among the teams

 14:31 <cpaelzer> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg

 14:31 <cpaelzer> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg

 14:32 <slyon> o/

 14:32 <cpaelzer> on spamassassin we now have mirespace working, but that still isn't yet ready for review

 14:32 <cpaelzer> rustc we've had the hiccup of bundling cargo and the related back and forth

 14:32 <sarnold> oooof so much perl

 14:32 <cpaelzer> what we see now for rustc

 14:32 <cpaelzer> is that it was demoted to universe

 14:32 <slyon> I can give an update on rustc in AOB (for now it's back to universe)

 14:32 <cpaelzer> to let it pass

 14:32 <didrocks> O/

 14:33 <cpaelzer> thanks slyon, I'll stop at this level of detail then

 14:33 <cpaelzer> hiding in there are two new candidates to look at

 14:33 <cpaelzer> fence-agents -> sbd

 14:33 <cpaelzer> and libblockdev -> libbytesize

 14:34 <cpaelzer> fence is server

 14:34 <cpaelzer> I guess I need to ask kanashiro[m] about that one

 14:34 <cpaelzer> who is libblockdev?

 14:34 <cpaelzer> desktop it seems

 14:34 <didrocks> yeah, sounds like it

 14:34 <didrocks> I’ll ask

 14:35 <cpaelzer> ok ok, thanks didrocks

 14:35 <seb128> cpaelzer, libblockdev is fixed and just needs a refresh of the report

 14:35 <seb128> new binaries were sent to main by error by whoever NEWed it

 14:36 <cpaelzer> I see, thanks

 14:36 <cpaelzer> #topic New MIRs

 14:36 <cpaelzer> Mission: ensure to assign all incoming reviews for fast processing

 14:36 <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=NEW&field.status%3Alist=CONFIRMED&assignee_option=none&field.assignee=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 14:36 * didrocks will NOT ask then :)

 14:36 <cpaelzer> we had quite a few spread last weeks, two more this time

 14:36 <cpaelzer> 1. lua5.4

 14:36 <cpaelzer> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/lua5.4/+bug/2026608

 14:37 <cpaelzer> this is from my team so I can't really take it :-)

 14:37 <cpaelzer> but gladly this is a carry forward MIR

 14:37 <cpaelzer> it is about getting all to move to 5.4 and then let go of 5.3

 14:37 <cpaelzer> so it isn't exactly "new"

 14:37 <cpaelzer> anyone up to look at that?

 14:37 <slyon> I can

 14:37 <didrocks> I can

 14:37 <didrocks> ah :)

 14:37 <cpaelzer> slyon: wins

 14:37 <cpaelzer> didrocks: gets next

 14:37 <cpaelzer> next would be https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/aom/+bug/2004442

 14:38 <didrocks> yeah, assign me that one then

 14:38 <cpaelzer> wasn't that done already?

 14:38 <slyon> I think aom is actually fine. No work for us, but back to the reporter

 14:38 <cpaelzer> by didrocks

 14:38 <didrocks> some deps of libheif were

 14:38 <didrocks> unsure that one

 14:38 <didrocks> ah, indeed

 14:38 <slyon> should be incomplete to fix the things didrocks requested

 14:38 <eslerm> the status of aom may be wrong, should have been set to in progress

 14:39 <cpaelzer> just looking at the same eslerm

 14:39 <seb128> there is also https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/tecla/+bug/2026774 which I think is ready for review

 14:39 <cpaelzer> security ack is good

 14:39 <cpaelzer> how about all the findings of didrocks ...?

 14:39 <didrocks> yeah, sounds like some questions that were not answered

 14:39 <seb128> jbicha, did you forgot to unassign yourself so it shows in the MIR team queue?

 14:39 <cpaelzer> that might be the reasons we miss it

 14:39 <cpaelzer> but you are on time

 14:39 <cpaelzer> we'll have a look next

 14:39 <cpaelzer> didrocks: would you have a look at https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/aom/+bug/2004442 if all your asks are fulfilled

 14:40 <cpaelzer> and set it to incomplete or in progress accordingly?

 14:40 <didrocks> cpaelzer: will do

 14:40 <bdrung> I just subscribed ~ubuntu-mir to https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/nvme-stas/+bug/2026591

 14:40 <didrocks> I don’t see followup comments, but maybe new uploads fixes it

 14:40 <cpaelzer> ok thanks bdrung and seb128

 14:40 <cpaelzer> reloading the page now gives the expected two more

 14:40 <slyon> We now have a MIR queue that is filling up just-in-time :D

 14:40 <cpaelzer> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/tecla/+bug/2026774

 14:40 <cpaelzer> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/nvme-stas/+bug/2026591

 14:40 <sarnold> slyon: lol

 14:41 <cpaelzer> I'd look at nvme-stas

 14:41 <cpaelzer> that sounds like a candidate for "special HW" though :-)

 14:41 <cpaelzer> who would be up for tecla

 14:42 <didrocks> I can take it, I think mine will be easy to reset to incomplete

 14:42 <seb128> tecla should be relatively easy, it's a simple UI to show keyboard layouts (replace libgnomekbd)

 14:42 <bdrung> there is also dasbus as nvme-stas dependency: https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/dasbus/+bug/2025912 (just subscribed)

 14:42 <cpaelzer> ok, I can't deal with everything

 14:42 <cpaelzer> one by one :-)

 14:43 <cpaelzer> ok, tecla for didrocks

 14:43 <cpaelzer> thanks

 14:43 <cpaelzer> joalif: are you around?

 14:43 <joalif> yes

 14:43 <cpaelzer> round robin wise https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/dasbus/+bug/2025912for you ?

 14:43 <joalif> ack

 14:43 <cpaelzer> BTW we'd have now hit the limit that we once discussed

 14:44 <cpaelzer> even if there would be more I guess that is all we should assign in one week

 14:44 <cpaelzer> gladly unless anyone adds another one last miute, that was all of them

 14:44 <slyon> +1

 14:44 <cpaelzer> #topic Incomplete bugs / questions

 14:44 <cpaelzer> Mission: Identify required actions and spread the load among the teams

 14:44 <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 14:45 <cpaelzer> cargo will be mentioned by slyon in AOB

 14:45 <cpaelzer> we mentioned dmarc-perl

 14:45 <cpaelzer> dhcpcd was in a bad state

 14:45 <cpaelzer> I corrected it to incomplete as there are tasks up

 14:45 <eslerm> (what is AOB?)

 14:45 <cpaelzer> TBH this is quite some effort, but the new dhcp seems to really end up much better eventually

 14:45 <slyon> any-other-business (the last section of the meeing)

 14:45 <cpaelzer> AOB = any other business

 14:46 <eslerm> ty

 14:46 <cpaelzer> the python things have been reviewed and wait for the reporter (hence incomplete) on one task

 14:46 <cpaelzer> fdk-aac .. reading ... ?

 14:46 <cpaelzer> reviewed

 14:46 <cpaelzer> got tasks

 14:47 <cpaelzer> ok, back on jbicha by his own comment

 14:47 <cpaelzer> opk

 14:47 <cpaelzer> ok

 14:47 <cpaelzer> nothing to act on here

 14:47 <seb128> yes, fdk-aac we are working on getting it in shape, maybe by next week

 14:47 <cpaelzer> #topic Process/Documentation improvements

 14:47 <cpaelzer> Mission: Review pending process/documentation pull-requests or issues

 14:47 <cpaelzer> #link https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/pulls

 14:47 <cpaelzer> #link https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/issues

 14:47 <dviererbe> https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/pull/23

 14:47 <cpaelzer> we have the re-review topic which I consider on-hold until other things settled

 14:47 <cpaelzer> we have special HW which I'd move to AOB as it could be long

 14:48 <cpaelzer> that leaves https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/pull/23 as dviererbe said

 14:48 <cpaelzer> I acked it already

 14:48 <cpaelzer> but wanted to give everone a last chance to yell "no I loved asciart"

 14:48 <cpaelzer> if not, then I'd merge

 14:48 <dviererbe> :D

 14:48 <cpaelzer> this can be seen much better under these links

 14:48 <sarnold> well, I *did* love the ascii art.. :)

 14:49 <cpaelzer> old: https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/blob/main/README.md#process-states

 14:49 <cpaelzer> new: https://github.com/dviererbe/ubuntu-mir/tree/modernize-process-states-overview#process-states

 14:49 <slyon> only condsideration I have: This will make us non-backward compatible

 14:49 <cpaelzer> sarnold: me too, it was much better than the old text, but this really seems to be an improvement

 14:49 <slyon> should we ever want to go back to moinmoin/wiki

 14:49 <cpaelzer> slyon: backward with what - wiki text?

 14:49 <didrocks> I really prefer mermaid for our own API scheme too, so it’s not completely stranger

 14:49 <slyon> but do we want that? :D

 14:49 <cpaelzer> slyon: no we don't

 14:49 <didrocks> slyon: please nooooooooooo

 14:49 <cpaelzer> slyon: and if we do we would find another way

 14:49 <cpaelzer> this is git

 14:49 <cpaelzer> easy to grab the old

 14:50 <slyon> OK, so +1 from my side for merging it :)

 14:50 <didrocks> yeah, and probably markdown-based :p

 14:50 <cpaelzer> ok, sounds like overall +1

 14:50 <cpaelzer> merging ...

 14:50 <dviererbe> yay \o/

 14:50 <sarnold> thanks dviererbe :)

 14:50 <cpaelzer> #topic MIR related Security Review Queue

 14:50 <didrocks> thanks dviererbe, this looks so much better!

 14:50 <cpaelzer> Mission: Check on progress, do deadlines seem doable?

 14:50 <eslerm> the new version is much more readable :)

 14:50 <cpaelzer> Some clients can only work with one, some with the other escaping - the URLs point to the same place.

 14:50 <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-security/+bugs?field.searchtext=%5BMIR%5D&assignee_option=choose&field.assignee=ubuntu-security&field.bug_reporter=&field.bug_commenter=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 14:50 <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-security/+bugs?field.searchtext=[MIR]&assignee_option=choose&field.assignee=ubuntu-security&field.bug_reporter=&field.bug_commenter=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 14:50 <cpaelzer> Internal link

 14:50 <cpaelzer> - ensure your teams items are prioritized among each other as you'd expect

 14:50 <cpaelzer> - ensure community requests do not get stomped by teams calling for favors too much

 14:50 <cpaelzer> #link https://warthogs.atlassian.net/jira/software/c/projects/SEC/boards/594

 14:50 <cpaelzer> we didn't have much time last week

 14:50 <cpaelzer> so ensure there is no crap in these queues ...

 14:51 <cpaelzer> LGTM in regard to server

 14:51 <cpaelzer> nothing yet from us, slowly acruing credit for our perl-storm

 14:51 * sarnold hides

 14:51 <cpaelzer> +c

 14:51 <sarnold> right now the lists feels managable

 14:51 <cpaelzer> anyone else seeing anything of concern?

 14:52 <cpaelzer> indeed

 14:52 <slyon> [dh-]cargo is highest priority from foundations, but more on that later..

 14:52 <sarnold> but that big pile of perl is troubling; even if each individual package is super-simple, there's a cost / stress on the sheer number of them

 14:52 <cpaelzer> keeping in mind how much else will come I'd go on then ...

 14:52 <cpaelzer> #topic Any other business?

 14:52 <cpaelzer> slyon: cargo first

 14:52 <slyon> Ok:

 14:52 <didrocks> nothing for me

 14:52 <cpaelzer> that was all there is ^^ :-)

 14:53 <slyon> basically in the past we had src:rustc (main) and src:cargo (universe), which got merged in the current version in mantic. so we now only have src:rustc

 14:53 <eslerm> (foundations can adjust the prioirty of the cargo jira task, we encouarge other teams to set priority relative to their other mirs)

 14:53 <slyon> it circumvented the MIR process, sneaking cargo into main

 14:53 <cpaelzer> ^^ unintentional

 14:53 <slyon> but as we needed the new version to support firefox and kernel, we decided to demote src:rust back to universe for now

 14:54 <slyon> but it's our hightes priority and I'd like to ask security to review the cargo parts and didrocks to coordinate with liushuyu[m] about the open MIR questions/answers

 14:54 <slyon> eslerm: I think the priority is set accordingly for cargo

 14:54 <cpaelzer> that matches all I've heard and is ok

 14:54 <eslerm> ty

 14:54 <cpaelzer> thanks for summarizing so that everyone is aware

 14:54 <sarnold> how do kernel builds in mantic work if rust is in universe?

 14:54 <cpaelzer> That leads me to my topic of revisiting special HW rules

 14:55 <cpaelzer> sarnold: build deps can be in universe

 14:55 <slyon> once we have a final MIR ACK for cargo and security +1, we can promote the combined rustc+cargo package

 14:55 <slyon> which shall happen this cycle

 14:55 <sarnold> cpaelzer: ah, right, thanks

 14:55 <cpaelzer> ok, seb128 brought this up and I took it actively trying to find a compromise

 14:55 <cpaelzer> by now most of you have seen

 14:55 <cpaelzer> https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/issues/30

 14:55 <cpaelzer> https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/pull/31

 14:56 <cpaelzer> It seems on these links that we seem to settle and agree

 14:56 <cpaelzer> But - if you do not mind - I want no one later on be surprised and yell at us. Therefore I'd bring it to the sprint and have everyone that MIGTH suffer long term by effort or untestable things to sign off.

 14:57 <cpaelzer> I can do all the sprint magic for this, just set up your Director of choice if you want to :-)

 14:57 <cpaelzer> but this is my "last call" here for the actual MIR members and friends - would you be ok to go that way?

 14:57 <sarnold> :sprint-magic:

 14:58 <cpaelzer> I guess there are not much answers as most of you said "ok" on the issue or PR

 14:58 <cpaelzer> and therefore consider the silence as "no revolts"

 14:58 <cpaelzer> :-)

 14:58 <slyon> +1, especially with buy-in from management

 14:58 <cpaelzer> slyon: yeah, I think that is the best way to go and hence I try to drive it that way

 14:59 <cpaelzer> ok then

 14:59 <cpaelzer> any other AOB then?

 14:59 <didrocks> nothing for me

 14:59 <cpaelzer> nothing else here ...

 14:59 <seb128> quick ones from me yes

 14:59 <sarnold> none from me

 14:59 <slyon> nothing

 14:59 <cpaelzer> ok go seb128

 14:59 <cpaelzer> closing words

 14:59 * didrocks needs to jump to a customer meetings, will read afterwards

 14:59 <seb128> 1. as a FYI we are going to try to MIR gst-plugins-bad

 14:59 <seb128> we would like a couple of plugins in main

 14:59 <seb128> we currently move some of those to -good via distro patches but that's tedious and we need some more

 15:00 <seb128> that was just a FYI

 15:00 <cpaelzer> set up dependencies to match what you want, and describe in the case which to promote and which not

 15:00 <seb128> 2. I would like to give another try to reconsider dbus-broker for promotion even if we can't demote dbus-daemon

 15:00 <cpaelzer> #2 is valid, sometime there just isn't any other choice

 15:00 <cpaelzer> put a statement there why you think that is right

 15:00 <seb128> I think we do a disfavor to Ubuntu by using a less performant and secure dbus service only to spare some maintainance work on dbus-daemon that we have to do anyway under esm

 15:01 <cpaelzer> and make it appear in the queue next week

 15:01 <cpaelzer> is that ok seb128?

 15:01 <sarnold> re dbus-broker, I'd be more amenable if I knew a timeline to write a replacement for the missing tool

 15:01 <seb128> ack

 15:01 <sarnold> .. or demote gdm or whatever

 15:01 <seb128> lol

 15:01 <cpaelzer> ok, I need to close and run

 15:01 <cpaelzer> thank you all

 15:01 <sarnold> :D

 15:01 <seb128> thanks

 15:01 <sarnold> thanks cpaelzer, seb128, all

 15:01 <cpaelzer> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)