== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status meeting, started by cpaelzer, 21 Nov at 15:30 &mdash; 15:58 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2023/ubuntu-meeting.2023-11-21-15.30.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== current component mismatches ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 15:30.

 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg   (cpaelzer, 15:30)
 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg   (cpaelzer, 15:30)

=== New MIRs ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 15:38.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=NEW&field.status%3Alist=CONFIRMED&assignee_option=none&field.assignee=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (cpaelzer, 15:38)
 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/libemail-abstract-perl/+bug/2037405   (cpaelzer, 15:38)
 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/libemail-sender-perl/+bug/2037389   (cpaelzer, 15:39)
 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/libthrowable-perl/+bug/2037392   (cpaelzer, 15:39)
 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/libmail-dmarc-perl/+bug/2023971   (cpaelzer, 15:41)

=== Incomplete bugs / questions ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 15:42.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (cpaelzer, 15:42)
 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/dotnet6/+bug/2023531/comments/4 has the full initial list  (cpaelzer, 15:45)

=== Process/Documentation improvements ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 15:52.

 * ''LINK:'' https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/pulls   (cpaelzer, 15:52)
 * ''LINK:'' https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/issues   (cpaelzer, 15:52)
 * ''LINK:'' https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/pull/41 might be that PR ...  (cpaelzer, 15:53)

=== MIR related Security Review Queue ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 15:55.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-security/+bugs?field.searchtext=%5BMIR%5D&assignee_option=choose&field.assignee=ubuntu-security&field.bug_reporter=&field.bug_commenter=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (cpaelzer, 15:55)
 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-security/+bugs?field.searchtext=[MIR]&assignee_option=choose&field.assignee=ubuntu-security&field.bug_reporter=&field.bug_commenter=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (cpaelzer, 15:55)
 * ''LINK:'' https://warthogs.atlassian.net/jira/software/c/projects/SEC/boards/594   (cpaelzer, 15:55)

=== Any other business? ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 15:57.




== People present (lines said) ==

 * cpaelzer (131)
 * mirespace (14)
 * slyon (12)
 * dviererbe (12)
 * sarnold (8)
 * jamespage (3)
 * meetingology (2)



== Full log ==


 15:30 <cpaelzer> #startmeeting Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status

 15:30 <meetingology> Meeting started at 15:30:00 UTC.  The chair is cpaelzer.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 15:30 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 15:30 <cpaelzer> Ping for MIR meeting - didrocks joalif slyon sarnold cpaelzer jamespage ( eslerm dviererbe )

 15:30 <cpaelzer> I'm early, you ahve time

 15:30 <jamespage> o/

 15:30 <cpaelzer> but I wanted to get the ping out early :-)

 15:30 <cpaelzer> ih dviererbe, hi jamespage

 15:30 <slyon> o/

 15:30 <cpaelzer> new release, new auto-sync surely lots of new $%&/(

 15:30 <cpaelzer> so let us get started

 15:30 <cpaelzer> #topic current component mismatches

 15:30 <cpaelzer> Mission: Identify required actions and spread the load among the teams

 15:30 <cpaelzer> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg

 15:30 <cpaelzer> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg

 15:31 <cpaelzer> the non proposed shows postgresql-16

 15:31 <cpaelzer> that is a transition being worked on by athos

 15:31 <cpaelzer> but a bit later in the cycle

 15:31 <cpaelzer> so we will see it a few more times

 15:31 <cpaelzer> Anyway, this won#t be a new MIR as it is just source rename

 15:32 <cpaelzer> so once athos asks, we can promote it under the condition it did not dramatically change

 15:32 <cpaelzer> in -proposed we have

 15:32 <mirespace> o/

 15:32 <slyon> libio-prompter-perl is assigned to a collegue in Foundations.

 15:32 <cpaelzer> a bunch of libmail-dkim-perl which is from mirespace that just logged in

 15:32 <slyon> I uploaded python-keyring earlier today, to downgrade Recommends->Suggests, so that should be resolved, soon.

 15:32 <cpaelzer> and thanks slyon for knowing that the prompter-perl is already been worked on in your team

 15:32 <cpaelzer> double thanks for that slyon

 15:33 <cpaelzer> I see llvm-toolchain-17 at the end of the postgresql tree

 15:33 <sarnold> good morning

 15:33 <cpaelzer> slyon: that is usually also all going to main as doko updates toolchains

 15:33 <cpaelzer> do you happen to know more about it?

 15:34 <cpaelzer> and finally, not new but since jamespage said hi - jaraco.text and dependencies - how will this continue?

 15:34 <slyon> cpaelzer: I saw a question about llvm-toolchain-17 being in universe recently... But I think there wasn't an answer yet from the toolchains squad.

 15:34 <jamespage> let me page that back in...

 15:36 <cpaelzer> slyon: I think we pick up the llvm set as default, hence it should be in main

 15:36 <jamespage> pydantic as some required TODO's - I'll get those sorted out

 15:36 <cpaelzer> slyon: this isn't urgent, maybe by next week you have an info what the way forward for noble shall be there

 15:36 <cpaelzer> so we can pass athos to use that or another llvm

 15:36 <cpaelzer> thanks jamespage

 15:36 <cpaelzer> that feels like there is progress everywhere

 15:36 <cpaelzer> mirespace: did you want to speak about libmail-dkim-perl ?

 15:36 <slyon> ACK

 15:37 <mirespace> no progress on that yet, sorry

 15:37 <cpaelzer> ok, but AFAIR all we reviewed so far were ok with a few small required todo's

 15:37 <cpaelzer> one question on "is this a dup" which has been answered

 15:38 <mirespace> _checking..._

 15:38 <cpaelzer> and you mentioned that you'll cut the longer dependency tree to a short one

 15:38 <cpaelzer> feel free to bring that up not or in the final AoB section

 15:38 <cpaelzer> I'm going on with the agenda for now

 15:38 <cpaelzer> #topic New MIRs

 15:38 <mirespace> but that's for libmail-dmarc-perl, not for dkim-perl

 15:38 <cpaelzer> Mission: ensure to assign all incoming reviews for fast processing

 15:38 <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=NEW&field.status%3Alist=CONFIRMED&assignee_option=none&field.assignee=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 15:38 <cpaelzer> I see

 15:38 <cpaelzer> which is just what we see in the new queue right now

 15:38 <sarnold> hehe

 15:38 <mirespace> yes

 15:38 <cpaelzer> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/libemail-abstract-perl/+bug/2037405

 15:39 <cpaelzer> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/libemail-sender-perl/+bug/2037389

 15:39 <cpaelzer> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/libthrowable-perl/+bug/2037392

 15:39 <cpaelzer> all three look for a reviewer

 15:39 <mirespace> that's three can be on hold

 15:39 <cpaelzer> or mirespace are you telling me this will be even less?

 15:39 <cpaelzer> on hold because we should be waiting for that dependency changes you mentioned?

 15:39 <mirespace> all the 11 dependencies that I narrowed for dmarc are already reviewed, except the ppal libmail-dmarc-perl itself

 15:40 <mirespace> yes

 15:40 <cpaelzer> ok

 15:40 <cpaelzer> I'll mark them incomplete for now based on that

 15:40 <cpaelzer> that removes them from the list until you'd change that

 15:40 <mirespace> I could verigy with the test on both packages (dmarc-perl and spamassasin) that we can go with 11 packages for MIR, and move the rest to suggeted

 15:40 <mirespace> thatnkyou

 15:41 <cpaelzer> we all appreciate the effort to not give us another 40 packages to review

 15:41 <mirespace> :)

 15:41 <sarnold> yes :)

 15:41 <slyon> very much so!

 15:41 <cpaelzer> the one on  libmail-dmarc-perl is ongoing - right?

 15:41 <cpaelzer> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/libmail-dmarc-perl/+bug/2023971

 15:41 <cpaelzer> incomplete and waiting for you

 15:42 <mirespace> yes, I have a draft for the template and working on a dep8 package to include the mnaual verification for the functionality with the 11 packages

 15:42 <cpaelzer> once you think this one is ready for us unassign yourself and set it back to NEW please

 15:42 <cpaelzer> that sounds good mirespace

 15:42 <cpaelzer> if ever unsure just come by here again

 15:42 <mirespace> ok, thanks

 15:42 <mirespace> I'll do

 15:42 <cpaelzer> this is the easiest way to coordinate on this

 15:42 <cpaelzer> ok, new bugs handled by all of that

 15:42 <cpaelzer> #topic Incomplete bugs / questions

 15:42 <cpaelzer> Mission: Identify required actions and spread the load among the teams

 15:42 <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 15:42 <dviererbe> sorry can I throw in dotnet6?

 15:43 <cpaelzer> which is exactly here

 15:43 <cpaelzer> in the incomplete list dviererbe

 15:43 <cpaelzer> the others have been mirespace stack of packages

 15:43 <dviererbe> Yes

 15:43 <cpaelzer> I've seen some dotnet updates out of the riga discussions

 15:43 <cpaelzer> for all of you https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/dotnet6/+bug/2023531/comments/13

 15:44 <cpaelzer> TL;DR no more so special/weird, and therefore fitting more nicely into existing patterns

 15:44 <dviererbe> correct

 15:44 <cpaelzer> dviererbe: do you happen to know what is left open?

 15:44 <cpaelzer> and once they are supposed to be done, what steps are then the next?

 15:44 <dviererbe> As far as I am aware we only had left recommends

 15:45 <dviererbe> One strong recommends was smoke test during build time

 15:45 <cpaelzer> I remember

 15:45 <cpaelzer> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/dotnet6/+bug/2023531/comments/4 has the full initial list

 15:46 <cpaelzer> dviererbe: so without that special behavior - is your SRU exception now approved. Or are you saying you do not even need one at all anymore?

 15:47 <dviererbe> This is part of why I am here. We do not request an exception anymore.

 15:47 <dviererbe> Therefore I wanted to ask if you still want an formal ack by the SRU team?

 15:48 <cpaelzer> so you will process these under https://wiki.ubuntu.com/StableReleaseUpdates#Other_safe_cases - third bullet I guess

 15:48 <cpaelzer> and not an exception

 15:49 <cpaelzer> and no more "remove support later" as we ahve read

 15:49 <dviererbe> Yes

 15:49 <dviererbe> The support of dotnet packages should now behave as any other package

 15:49 <cpaelzer> I think we no more need a formal exception acked, but as a final confirmation I'd like to have one of the SRU members state on the MIR bug that this isn't a way to bypass the rules :-)

 15:49 <cpaelzer> does that make sense

 15:50 <cpaelzer> I know that everyone agreed in Riga, but the audit trail available to others lacks that

 15:50 <cpaelzer> unless we blindly believe your updates :-)

 15:50 <dviererbe> That is fine :)

 15:50 <cpaelzer> after that I think we are good

 15:50 <cpaelzer> I'll keep it open to recheck all TODO's tomorrow

 15:50 <cpaelzer> to ensure we haven't missed one

 15:50 <cpaelzer> once myself and an SRU member are good

 15:50 <cpaelzer> we can start promoting it

 15:51 <dviererbe> sounds good

 15:51 <cpaelzer> and you might want to extend this to dotnetX as the same is true for all those versions right

 15:51 <cpaelzer> ok, let us go from here and continue with the agenda ...

 15:51 <dviererbe> correct. the only exception is dotnet7 in jammy (mentioned in the bug comment)

 15:51 <cpaelzer> ack

 15:52 <cpaelzer> #topic Process/Documentation improvements

 15:52 <cpaelzer> Mission: Review pending process/documentation pull-requests or issues

 15:52 <cpaelzer> #link https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/pulls

 15:52 <cpaelzer> #link https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/issues

 15:52 <cpaelzer> nothing new

 15:52 <cpaelzer> the suggestion on defining clear deadlines has come up at the sprint

 15:53 <cpaelzer> I think everyone was fine, we are waiting for an PR by eslerm or sarnold for that I guess?

 15:53 <cpaelzer> objections?

 15:53 <slyon> I pushed the "base-sets" story a bit at the Riga sprint. Verdict: We're back to status quo. The toolchains squad won't have resources to maintain important dependencies of those ecosystems in the foreseable future.

 15:53 <cpaelzer> https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/pull/41 might be that PR ...

 15:54 <cpaelzer> thanks slyon

 15:54 <cpaelzer> do not give up on it though

 15:54 <sarnold> I can't recall what specific date we actually converged on, heh

 15:54 <cpaelzer> sarnold: eslerm: spelling issues left (or updates to the spelling DB)

 15:54 <cpaelzer> the PR has it all

 15:54 <cpaelzer> it LGTM except the spelling fixes that are needed

 15:54 <cpaelzer> if you can get that updated before next week we can merge it there

 15:54 <slyon> same here. +1 on the deadlines PR

 15:55 <cpaelzer> #topic MIR related Security Review Queue

 15:55 <cpaelzer> Mission: Check on progress, do deadlines seem doable?

 15:55 <cpaelzer> Some clients can only work with one, some with the other escaping - the URLs point to the same place.

 15:55 <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-security/+bugs?field.searchtext=%5BMIR%5D&assignee_option=choose&field.assignee=ubuntu-security&field.bug_reporter=&field.bug_commenter=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 15:55 <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-security/+bugs?field.searchtext=[MIR]&assignee_option=choose&field.assignee=ubuntu-security&field.bug_reporter=&field.bug_commenter=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 15:55 <cpaelzer> Internal link

 15:55 <cpaelzer> - ensure your teams items are prioritized among each other as you'd expect

 15:55 <cpaelzer> - ensure community requests do not get stomped by teams calling for favors too much

 15:55 <cpaelzer> #link https://warthogs.atlassian.net/jira/software/c/projects/SEC/boards/594

 15:56 <cpaelzer> we see all of them go through the queues one by one

 15:56 <cpaelzer> 3 plus the one expected perl packages left open then

 15:56 <cpaelzer> nothing else incoming yet

 15:56 <sarnold> this is the best this board has looked in ages :D nice

 15:57 <sarnold> alas I've been busy elsewhere, and eslerm is out recently, so our status is pretty stale :(

 15:57 <cpaelzer> fair for now

 15:57 <cpaelzer> #topic Any other business?

 15:57 <cpaelzer> nothing extra by me

 15:57 <sarnold> I'll ask around to see if anyone can pick up things, but it's a challenging time of year, heh

 15:57 <sarnold> nothing here

 15:57 <cpaelzer> sarnold: it will be more challenging in 4 weeks

 15:57 <slyon> wrt the LLVM situation: according to the Noble schedule, we're targetting LLVM18 to become the default: https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/noble-numbat-release-schedule/35649

 15:57 <slyon> nothing else from me

 15:57 <cpaelzer> sarnold:  and it not done before that then it is suddenly close to feature freeze

 15:58 <cpaelzer> slyon: fine, but we might need 17 in main until 18 exists for dependencies to move

 15:58 <cpaelzer> time is up

 15:58 <cpaelzer> thank you all

 15:58 <cpaelzer> this was great and lots of things moved forward a little bit

 15:58 <cpaelzer> o/

 15:58 <slyon> o/

 15:58 <cpaelzer> last chance

 15:58 <cpaelzer> 4

 15:58 <cpaelzer> 3

 15:58 <cpaelzer> 2

 15:58 <slyon> thanks cpaelzer, all!

 15:58 <cpaelzer> 1

 15:58 <cpaelzer> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)