== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team meeting, started by juliank, 07 Sep at 15:05 &mdash; 15:56 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2023/ubuntu-meeting.2023-09-07-15.05.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

 * ''LINK:'' https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/foundations-team-updates-thursday-7-sep-2023/   (juliank, 15:06)

=== Release incoming bugs ===

Discussion started by juliank at 15:15.

 * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-mm-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs   (juliank, 15:15)
 * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ll-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs   (juliank, 15:29)
 * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-jj-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs   (juliank, 15:29)
 * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ff-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs   (juliank, 15:30)

=== Team proposed-migration report ===

Discussion started by juliank at 15:31.

 * ''LINK:'' https://ubuntu-archive-team.ubuntu.com/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs   (juliank, 15:31)

=== AOB ===

Discussion started by juliank at 15:36.

 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ginggs/ftbfs-report/test-rebuild-20230830-mantic-mantic.html#foundations-bugs-team   (ginggs, 15:36)
 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/ubiquity/+bug/1613482 lol maybe we close this bug  (vorlon, 15:39)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * juliank (74)
 * vorlon (34)
 * ginggs (6)
 * bdrung (5)
 * zhsj (3)
 * adrien (3)
 * liushuyu (3)
 * meetingology (2)
 * waveform (2)
 * dbungert (1)
 * pushkarnk (1)
 * mclemenceau (1)
 * mkukri (1)



== Full log ==


 15:05 <juliank> #startmeeting Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team

 15:05 <meetingology> Meeting started at 15:05:56 UTC.  The chair is juliank.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 15:05 <zhsj> haha

 15:05 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 15:06 <adrien> o/

 15:06 <juliank> #link https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/foundations-team-updates-thursday-7-sep-2023/

 15:06 <dbungert> nice work

 15:10 <pushkarnk> o/

 15:10 <juliank> ah yes I also spent time this morning logging out and back into my desktop with various gnome component versions to bisect some regressions

 15:11 <juliank> which I've just been told have been fixed now (dark theme not working correctly)

 15:15 <juliank> let's move on, it's quiet today

 15:15 <juliank> #topic Release incoming bugs

 15:15 <juliank> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-mm-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 15:15 <juliank> bug 2033949

 15:15 <juliank> I'm not sure how I'd want to track that, we already have the issue in progress in Jira for it

 15:15 <juliank> but it's not linked to the bug

 15:15 <juliank> mclemenceau: Any idea?

 15:16 <mclemenceau> I would say we tag it foundations-todo

 15:16 <juliank> ok

 15:17 <juliank> bug 2033692

 15:18 <juliank> hmm

 15:18 <juliank> that is not true

 15:19 <juliank> Our signed binaries embed the file these days, so it makes no sense to ship on uefi

 15:19 <juliank> we can't load external fonts

 15:19 <juliank> it might make sense for BIOS PXE boots

 15:20 <vorlon> the netboot tarball covers BIOS as well fwiw

 15:20 <juliank> Well not on arm64 though

 15:20 <vorlon> I wasn't sure whether we would load external fonts in the UEFI case, yeah

 15:21 <vorlon> fwiw mwhudson had already raised an MP on this

 15:21 <juliank> I don't think it makes sense to tag unicode support on BIOS foundations-todo, it's not in our highest important bugs

 15:22 <juliank> I commented that MP to say arm64 makes no sense

 15:22 <juliank> and I just remove the tag

 15:22 <juliank> bug 2033700

 15:22 <vorlon> this came out of work to migrate a wiki page that hadn't been updated for the new netboot tarballs

 15:22 <vorlon> so was a regression vs the status quo there

 15:24 <juliank> cosmetic regression in menu rendering for bios users are low priority though ;)

 15:24 <juliank> So it makes sense to fix as needed

 15:25 <vorlon> 2033700 is basically that an autopkgtest trigger doesn't reliably take effect for an image build because of our NotAutomatic change to -proposed

 15:25 <juliank> The apt preferences bug sounds wrong, livecd-rootfs *tests* should replicate the autopkgtest preferences, but not if you build images on your system?

 15:25 <juliank> I mean if I want to build a mantic image on my mantic laptop it shouldn't be using my preferences

 15:26 <vorlon> oh you've managed to build images locally, have you

 15:26 <juliank> I think about 5 years ago I might but I certainly haven't tried since

 15:26 <vorlon> driving the build infra locally and getting an actual image out the other end is so fraught that I would treat this as lower priority

 15:27 <juliank> do the build hosts have potentially conflicting pinning?

 15:27 <vorlon> you can't build an image in a chroot because snapd has to run; you can't build an image in a container unless you get all the magic security settings right; and if you build it on your host system, well, ok, live dangerously I guess

 15:27 <juliank> but yes, I'll go ahead and tag it todo

 15:28 <vorlon> the build env in launchpad or autopkgtest isn't going to have any unrelated pins

 15:28 <juliank> bug 2017401

 15:28 <juliank> need to move the tag to nn

 15:28 <vorlon> yes

 15:29 <juliank> done

 15:29 <juliank> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ll-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 15:29 <juliank> empty!

 15:29 <juliank> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-jj-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 15:29 <juliank> bug 1990798 is incomplete and with pro team, skip

 15:30 <juliank> (they are waiting for feedback)

 15:30 <juliank> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ff-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 15:30 <juliank> just the livepatch one again

 15:30 <juliank> maybe we should drop that tag too, vorlon? Add a task instead?

 15:30 <vorlon> sounds reasonable to me

 15:31 <juliank> #topic Team proposed-migration report

 15:31 <juliank> #link https://ubuntu-archive-team.ubuntu.com/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs

 15:31 <juliank> very few items, vorlon

 15:32 <vorlon> tzdata uh this is assigned to mkukri ?  that didn't happen last week, did it? :)

 15:32 <vorlon> anyway, welcome mkukri we're putting you straight to work

 15:32 <liushuyu> I can take proposed-migrations if needed

 15:33 <bdrung> ubiquity is still on my plate

 15:33 <vorlon> right - reassigning the jira card to you

 15:33 <juliank> vorlon: I gave it to him as it turned out one simple upload and he needed something sponsored :)

 15:33 <vorlon> juliank: ack

 15:34 <vorlon> s390-tools is blocked by MIR still. schopin this is still with you?

 15:34 <bdrung> schopin is on vacation this week

 15:34 <vorlon> liushuyu: I had tpm2-tss listed as assigned to you from last week; any progress?

 15:34 <mkukri> That looks cooler than it is, it was a pretty easy thing Julian gave me. Either way, it was very useful for figuring out the tooling.

 15:35 <vorlon> "that looks cooler than it is" omg he has us pegged already

 15:35 <liushuyu> vorlon: it's still with me, I did not have time until now to put it on my list

 15:35 <vorlon> ok

 15:36 <vorlon> that's all for this week then

 15:36 <vorlon> juliank:

 15:36 <liushuyu> (and also lacking a s390x VM to test it)

 15:36 <juliank> #topic AOB

 15:36 <bdrung> "that looks cooler than it is" i could say about the temperature in my room as well

 15:36 <juliank> any other business?

 15:36 <ginggs> FTBFS party \o/

 15:36 <juliank> it reads 24.9째C here

 15:36 <juliank> ok 25째C now

 15:36 <ginggs> https://people.canonical.com/~ginggs/ftbfs-report/test-rebuild-20230830-mantic-mantic.html#foundations-bugs-team

 15:36 <juliank> partay!

 15:37 <bdrung> 27째C inside, 29째C outside

 15:37 <juliank> oh can I fix aptdaemon again, lol

 15:37 <zhsj> golang-1.20 ftbfs -> gone

 15:37 <adrien> heh, there's strace in the list \o/

 15:37 <juliank> well I'm traveling next week and overly busy :(

 15:38 <vorlon> I wonder if we need some way to annotate the ones that will fail because of signatures (fwupd-signed, grub2-signed, shim-signed)

 15:38 <juliank> that would be useful yes

 15:39 <vorlon> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/ubiquity/+bug/1613482 lol maybe we close this bug

 15:39 <juliank> lol

 15:39 <vorlon> clearly we make excellent use of the ftbfs tags

 15:39 <ginggs> adrien volunteers for strace!

 15:40 <bdrung> i'll take ubiquity (hit the stone with two birds)

 15:40 <ginggs> pigeons?

 15:40 <zhsj> i can take libevent

 15:40 <ginggs> doko will take binutils

 15:40 <waveform> I'll take u-boot (fairly sure that's already reported as LP: #2023536)

 15:41 <waveform> doh, LP: #2034536

 15:41 <vorlon> adrien: fwiw you posted to ubuntu-devel about a general principle of FFes for strace which is harder to answer, but didn't file an FFe bug for the current one - do you want a formal FFe approval for right now

 15:41 <juliank> cd-boot-images I think we can just do after the next grub update (2.12~rc1-9ubuntu1)

 15:41 <vorlon> it just needs build-deps bumped as usual

 15:41 <juliank> yeah

 15:42 <juliank> don't want to do it today and then tomorrow again basically ;)

 15:42 <vorlon> or worse, do it today and forget to do it again tomorrow

 15:42 <juliank> yeah

 15:43 <juliank> I mean we could make the package have depends or turn on the policy for build depends to be satisfied in britney and then grub wouldn't migrate and I'd go like "huh I forgot something"

 15:43 <vorlon> -100 for turning on the build-depends policy

 15:44 <vorlon> I want reporting on this but not slowing down proposed-migration

 15:44 <juliank> I do have a reporting but never moved it to canonical infra

 15:44 <adrien> vorlon: I haven't prepared the 6.5 one yet but I was planning on asking for one if the general FFe wasn't granted quickly

 15:44 <ginggs> juliank: bugs tagged FTBFS for fwupd-signed, grub2-signed, shim-signed will show up when the FTBFS reports are generated

 15:44 <juliank> ginggs: we do not want them to be tested at all basically

 15:45 <juliank> ginggs: we know they fail no point running them or showing us

 15:45 <juliank> For any package copied from ~canonical-signing PPAs really

 15:45 <juliank> Not sure that can be queried sensibly but you get the idea

 15:46 <juliank> vorlon: We should setup my edos-distchecks reports on our infra properly so we can see unsat build-depends in release pockets (and Depends I guess, it happens with force demotions)

 15:47 <juliank> maybe we have time in november

 15:47 <juliank> it would be nice

 15:47 * juliank also hasn't updated https://magenta.jak-linux.org/ubuntu-archive/distcheck/ to run on anything newer than kinetic

 15:47 <vorlon> yes, that would be a very good thing to get done before the next LTS

 15:48 <vorlon> since statically checking unsat build-deps is something we can run constantly, unlike archive rebuilds

 15:48 <juliank> yeah it takes like 2-3 minutes or so on an EPYC thread

 15:48 <vorlon> juliank: can you put a card for that on the list of roadmap proposals?

 15:48 <juliank> aye

 15:49 <juliank> or is that something qa wants to run, bdmurray

 15:49 <vorlon> raise a card now so we don't lose track, we can horse-trade later :)

 15:50 <juliank> sure

 15:56 <juliank> I think that wraps this side of the meeting up?

 15:56 <juliank> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)