== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status meeting, started by slyon, 29 Aug at 14:31 &mdash; 15:03 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2023/ubuntu-meeting.2023-08-29-14.31.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== current component mismatches ===

Discussion started by slyon at 14:31.

 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg   (slyon, 14:31)
 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg   (slyon, 14:31)

=== New MIRs ===

Discussion started by slyon at 14:35.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=NEW&field.status%3Alist=CONFIRMED&assignee_option=none&field.assignee=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (slyon, 14:35)

=== Incomplete bugs / questions ===

Discussion started by slyon at 14:37.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (slyon, 14:37)

=== Process/Documentation improvements ===

Discussion started by slyon at 14:45.

 * ''LINK:'' https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/pulls   (slyon, 14:45)
 * ''LINK:'' https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/issues   (slyon, 14:45)
 * ''LINK:'' https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/pull/37   (slyon, 14:46)
 * ''LINK:'' https://chat.canonical.com/canonical/pl/g9sse8b7jpdfifr7hesfs6kzxc   (dviererbe, 14:48)

=== MIR related Security Review Queue ===

Discussion started by slyon at 14:50.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-security/+bugs?field.searchtext=%5BMIR%5D&assignee_option=choose&field.assignee=ubuntu-security&field.bug_reporter=&field.bug_commenter=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (slyon, 14:50)
 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-security/+bugs?field.searchtext=[MIR]&assignee_option=choose&field.assignee=ubuntu-security&field.bug_reporter=&field.bug_commenter=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (slyon, 14:50)
 * ''LINK:'' https://warthogs.atlassian.net/jira/software/c/projects/SEC/boards/594   (slyon, 14:50)
 * ''LINK:'' https://launchpad.net/bugs/2031406 is blocking the new GNOME in mantic-proposed  (seb128, 14:52)

=== Any other business? ===

Discussion started by slyon at 15:01.




== People present (lines said) ==

 * slyon (74)
 * seb128 (29)
 * sarnold (15)
 * eslerm (8)
 * dviererbe (7)
 * didrocks (4)
 * meetingology (2)



== Full log ==


 14:31 <slyon> #startmeeting Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status

 14:31 <meetingology> Meeting started at 14:31:16 UTC.  The chair is slyon.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 14:31 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 14:31 <slyon> Ping for MIR meeting - didrocks joalif slyon sarnold cpaelzer jamespage ( eslerm dviererbe )

 14:31 <slyon> #topic current component mismatches

 14:31 <slyon> Mission: Identify required actions and spread the load among the teams

 14:31 <slyon> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg

 14:31 <slyon> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg

 14:31 <dviererbe> o/

 14:32 <sarnold> good morning

 14:32 <slyon> hplip -> python-reportlab is new (due to the non snappy CUPS stack).

 14:32 <slyon> I left some comments in bug #2028054 (cc seb128)

 14:33 <seb128> slyon, I will review

 14:33 <slyon> wrt. libmail-dmarc-perl: I'd like to recommend the server team to consider cutting the tree a bit (if possible), by dropping Recommends to Suggests, e.g. for libmoose-perl or libdbix-simple-perl Recommends. That should avoid ~20 MIRs

 14:34 <slyon> nvme-stas -> dasbus, both are now ready for promotion

 14:34 <sarnold> I think they've been doing that along the way, heh

 14:34 <slyon> ok, that's good!

 14:34 <slyon> I don't see anything new besides this

 14:35 <sarnold> me neither, but it's hard to be sure with trees that large, heh

 14:35 <slyon> #topic New MIRs

 14:35 <slyon> Mission: ensure to assign all incoming reviews for fast processing

 14:35 <slyon> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=NEW&field.status%3Alist=CONFIRMED&assignee_option=none&field.assignee=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 14:35 <slyon> Only one. Do we have any volunteers?

 14:35 <slyon> bug #2028054

 14:35 <slyon> sorry, wrong paste

 14:35 <slyon> bug #2031814

 14:36 <slyon> Otherwise, I can take that one for next week.

 14:36 <seb128> I'm unclear if that's still needed this cycle since we revert the cups snap transition

 14:36 <seb128> still we will need it at some point so would be nice to get it reviewed

 14:37 <seb128> but probably as a low priority one

 14:37 <slyon> OK, thanks. I'll reach out to Till, to clarify the details

 14:37 <seb128> thanks

 14:37 * slyon assigned himself

 14:37 <slyon> #topic Incomplete bugs / questions

 14:37 <slyon> Mission: Identify required actions and spread the load among the teams

 14:37 <slyon> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 14:38 <slyon> A bunch of updates since 2023-08-22

 14:38 <slyon> bug #2023531 is actively being worked on by dviererbe IIRC

 14:39 <slyon> regarding the SRU exception TODO

 14:39 <slyon> bug #2030482

 14:39 <sarnold> slyon: re 2030880  "This does need a security review, so I'll assign ubuntu-security" -- but it was assigned back to  Miriam

 14:40 <slyon> sarnold: right. there are 3 required TODOs, so I decided to first pass it on to Miriam. Once resolved it can go to security. Or feel free to already put it into the security pipeline right now.

 14:40 <sarnold> aha, okay, thanks

 14:41 <eslerm> is this package required in mantic?

 14:41 <eslerm> if so, we could add it to the queue now

 14:41 <slyon> Similar situation for s390-tools: It's not yet fully ready for MIR (re-)review but I was told that all the bits relevant for security are already there. And I'd like to ask s390-tools (especially the new vendored rust dependencies) to be put into the security pipeline already.

 14:42 <slyon> eslerm: Yes, I think so. For both, Miriam's -perl and s390-tools

 14:42 <eslerm> can do

 14:42 <slyon> thx!

 14:42 <slyon> (cc schopin ^)

 14:43 <slyon> bug #2031491 this is also for security, while we work out a single TODO

 14:44 <slyon> bug #2030962 is back to Miriam

 14:44 <slyon> we talked about bug #2030880 already

 14:45 <slyon> we talked about bug #2028054 already (Desktop team to look into it)

 14:45 <slyon> And that's the list.

 14:45 <slyon> #topic Process/Documentation improvements

 14:45 <didrocks> not that terrible :)

 14:45 <slyon> Mission: Review pending process/documentation pull-requests or issues

 14:45 <slyon> #link https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/pulls

 14:45 <slyon> #link https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/issues

 14:46 <slyon> https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/pull/37

 14:46 <slyon> dviererbe: I think this should be mostly ready, right?

 14:46 <dviererbe> correct

 14:47 <slyon> thanks for working on the date/time formatting

 14:47 <slyon> do we have any objections?

 14:47 <dviererbe> Yes the documentation team suggested using 16:30+01:00, but i strongly disagree

 14:47 <slyon> OK

 14:48 <dviererbe> there was also a suggestion of using 15:30 UTC

 14:48 <slyon> I guess I'll leave merging to cpaelzer, maybe he has some time after the meeting.

 14:48 <sarnold> except our meeting isn't scheduled with UTC

 14:48 <slyon> So other MIR people have some time to put their ACK/NACK onto the PR

 14:48 <sarnold> if we change that for some reason, we can adapt this easily enough

 14:48 <dviererbe> I linked the MM thread in the pull request

 14:48 <slyon> sarnold: I think we're now using a CET format

 14:48 <slyon> which is the timezone that our meeting is scheduled in

 14:48 <dviererbe> https://chat.canonical.com/canonical/pl/g9sse8b7jpdfifr7hesfs6kzxc

 14:49 <dviererbe> I am also not a fan of their suggestion

 14:49 <slyon> We're also still waiting for more ACK/NACK on this PR: https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/pull/36

 14:50 <slyon> Please everybody put your opinions on GitHub so we can get them merged (or rejected)

 14:50 <didrocks> I will catch up on that one

 14:50 <slyon> thanks!

 14:50 <slyon> #topic MIR related Security Review Queue

 14:50 <slyon> Mission: Check on progress, do deadlines seem doable?

 14:50 <slyon> Some clients can only work with one, some with the other escaping - the URLs point to the same place.

 14:50 <slyon> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-security/+bugs?field.searchtext=%5BMIR%5D&assignee_option=choose&field.assignee=ubuntu-security&field.bug_reporter=&field.bug_commenter=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 14:50 <slyon> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-security/+bugs?field.searchtext=[MIR]&assignee_option=choose&field.assignee=ubuntu-security&field.bug_reporter=&field.bug_commenter=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 14:50 <slyon> Internal link

 14:50 <slyon> #link https://warthogs.atlassian.net/jira/software/c/projects/SEC/boards/594

 14:51 <slyon> eslerm:

 14:51 <eslerm> we assigned new MIRs from last week

 14:51 <seb128> we have a problem from the desktop side

 14:52 <eslerm> dasbus was completed today

 14:52 <seb128> https://launchpad.net/bugs/2031406 is blocking the new GNOME in mantic-proposed

 14:52 <eslerm> for libei, I requested review by desktop freeze, but that is close

 14:52 <seb128> GNOME isn't great in telling distributors in advance about new dependency so it came late

 14:53 <seb128> any way we would get a preempt ack to promote it before review?

 14:53 <slyon> seb128: libei also still lacking some autopkgtests from the MIR review.

 14:54 <seb128> slyon, well, that's easy to resolve, I plan to work on that tomorrow

 14:54 <seb128> easy->easier

 14:54 <seb128> I'm more concerned about the security review delays

 14:54 <slyon> ACK. sounds good! After that I'd be good from the MIR side, and I'd leave a decision about preempt security ACK to sarnold

 14:54 <sarnold> one week?

 14:54 <seb128> wfm

 14:55 <seb128> that makes us catch beta still

 14:55 <sarnold> I'm uneasy with the preemptive acks before review, in practice that tends to lead to packages that are never reviewed at all

 14:55 <seb128> I don't feel like we have much of a choice, unless we throw away the new GNOME version

 14:55 <seb128> but sure

 14:57 <slyon> Ok.. so how do we find consensus on that. Did we have any similar precedence in the past?

 14:58 <seb128> well sarnold said one week

 14:58 <seb128> so it seems we just see if we get the security review by the next meeting?

 14:58 <seb128> and re-discuss it not?

 14:58 <sarnold> well, no, I was surprised you were frustrated with security delays when we were assigned this around one week ago

 14:58 <seb128> ah

 14:58 <seb128> sorry

 14:59 <seb128> I'm not frustrated by the delay, sorry if it came along like that

 14:59 <sarnold> ah, thanks. sorry for my part, too :)

 14:59 <seb128> I started by apologizing, we got screwed by GNOME

 14:59 <sarnold> yes :(

 14:59 <seb128> we have no visibility on things like that

 14:59 <slyon> we had a turnaround of about one week for most recent MIRs, to get into the security queues, which is very good.

 14:59 <seb128> we are just in between a rock and an hard place now

 14:59 <sarnold> I've left a note for alex in the ticket

 15:00 <seb128> the depends is not easy to avoid/revert

 15:00 <seb128> thanks

 15:00 <slyon> Ok. I guess security is aware of the high priority and they'll try to do their very best. We can check the status next week and still decide about preemtiv promotion, if needed.

 15:00 <slyon> is that fine for everybody?

 15:01 <sarnold> wfm

 15:01 <eslerm> +1

 15:01 <didrocks> and meanwhile, desktop add the autopkgtest

 15:01 <slyon> yes

 15:01 <slyon> #topic Any other business?

 15:02 <didrocks> nothing for me

 15:02 <slyon> we're at the top of the hour. So keeping it short if possible.

 15:02 <sarnold> none here

 15:02 <eslerm> none

 15:02 <slyon> alright, thank you all!

 15:03 <seb128> not from me, and sorry again for the late request

 15:03 <seb128> thanks!

 15:03 <slyon> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)