== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status meeting, started by slyon, 25 Jul at 14:30 &mdash; 14:45 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2023/ubuntu-meeting.2023-07-25-14.30.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== current component mismatches ===

Discussion started by slyon at 14:31.

 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg   (slyon, 14:31)
 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg   (slyon, 14:31)

=== New MIRs ===

Discussion started by slyon at 14:32.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=NEW&field.status%3Alist=CONFIRMED&assignee_option=none&field.assignee=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (slyon, 14:32)

=== Incomplete bugs / questions ===

Discussion started by slyon at 14:33.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (slyon, 14:33)

=== Process/Documentation improvements ===

Discussion started by slyon at 14:35.

 * ''LINK:'' https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/pulls   (slyon, 14:35)
 * ''LINK:'' https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/issues   (slyon, 14:35)
 * ''LINK:'' https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/issues/34 is new to me; I thought we already had something about systemd hardening features in the standard MIR template, heh  (sarnold, 14:36)

=== MIR related Security Review Queue ===

Discussion started by slyon at 14:39.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-security/+bugs?field.searchtext=%5BMIR%5D&assignee_option=choose&field.assignee=ubuntu-security&field.bug_reporter=&field.bug_commenter=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (slyon, 14:39)
 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-security/+bugs?field.searchtext=[MIR]&assignee_option=choose&field.assignee=ubuntu-security&field.bug_reporter=&field.bug_commenter=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (slyon, 14:40)
 * ''LINK:'' https://warthogs.atlassian.net/jira/software/c/projects/SEC/boards/594 (internal)  (slyon, 14:40)
 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/libbytesize/+bug/2028352   (slyon, 14:42)

=== Any other business? ===

Discussion started by slyon at 14:43.




== People present (lines said) ==

 * slyon (47)
 * sarnold (10)
 * eslerm (5)
 * meetingology (2)
 * dviererbe (2)



== Full log ==


 14:30 <slyon> #startmeeting Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status

 14:30 <meetingology> Meeting started at 14:30:42 UTC.  The chair is slyon.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 14:30 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 14:30 <slyon> Ping for MIR meeting - didrocks joalif slyon sarnold cpaelzer jamespage ( eslerm dviererbe )

 14:30 <sarnold> good morning

 14:30 <dviererbe> o/

 14:31 <slyon> Many MIR people are out today, or busy at a Canonical event, so I guess we can keep this one pretty short.

 14:31 <slyon> #topic current component mismatches

 14:31 <slyon> Mission: Identify required actions and spread the load among the teams

 14:31 <slyon> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg

 14:31 <slyon> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg

 14:31 <slyon> libwww-perl was resolved by Foundations. I cannot see anything new in here and expect work to happen in the brackground to shrink those trees.

 14:32 <sarnold> yeah it all feels pretty familiar

 14:32 <slyon> #topic New MIRs

 14:32 <slyon> Mission: ensure to assign all incoming reviews for fast processing

 14:32 <slyon> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=NEW&field.status%3Alist=CONFIRMED&assignee_option=none&field.assignee=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 14:32 <slyon> We have one new MIR for review: bug #2028352

 14:33 <slyon> As I'm the only reviewer around, I guess that's on me :) \o/

 14:33 <sarnold> \o/

 14:33 * slyon assignes himself

 14:33 <slyon> #topic Incomplete bugs / questions

 14:33 <slyon> Mission: Identify required actions and spread the load among the teams

 14:33 <slyon> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 14:34 <slyon> one update in bug #2019191

 14:34 <slyon> But it's still on the MIR reporter to get the TODOs resolved, apparently we can expect some help from the Debian mantainer, which is nice!

 14:34 <slyon> nothing to do for us.

 14:34 <sarnold> \o/

 14:35 <slyon> #topic Process/Documentation improvements

 14:35 <slyon> Mission: Review pending process/documentation pull-requests or issues

 14:35 <slyon> #link https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/pulls

 14:35 <slyon> #link https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/issues

 14:36 <eslerm> iiuc, tobhe is helping out with Debian's dhcpcd upstream too

 14:36 <slyon> nice!

 14:36 <slyon> Well.. I guess we don't have the quorum today to make any call about merging PRs. But I'd like to ask anybody around to take a look at the updates and leave your comments on the PRs, so we can get them merged next week.

 14:36 <sarnold> https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/issues/34 is new to me; I thought we already had something about systemd hardening features in the standard MIR template, heh

 14:38 <slyon> I don't think it's part of the official template, yet. Some reviewers asked for of enabling hardening features, though.

 14:39 <slyon> c_paelzer will also post an update on https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/pull/31 soon, as discussed yesterday during the sprint meeting, so keep an eye out for that, too. And leave your comments.

 14:39 <slyon> Moving on ...

 14:39 <slyon> #topic MIR related Security Review Queue

 14:39 <slyon> Mission: Check on progress, do deadlines seem doable?

 14:39 <slyon> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-security/+bugs?field.searchtext=%5BMIR%5D&assignee_option=choose&field.assignee=ubuntu-security&field.bug_reporter=&field.bug_commenter=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 14:40 <slyon> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-security/+bugs?field.searchtext=[MIR]&assignee_option=choose&field.assignee=ubuntu-security&field.bug_reporter=&field.bug_commenter=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 14:40 <slyon> #link https://warthogs.atlassian.net/jira/software/c/projects/SEC/boards/594 (internal)

 14:40 <eslerm> we are working to get dotnet6 assigned

 14:40 <eslerm> many security mirs in progress

 14:40 <slyon> dviererbe: will be happy about that ^ :)

 14:40 <dviererbe> Yes I am :)

 14:40 <sarnold> *nod* at the moment it feels like we're doing alright

 14:40 <slyon> That sounds very good!

 14:41 <slyon> Any update on the rust/cargo review?

 14:41 <sarnold> it's in progress with pfsmorigo, I'm not sure where it falls in his pile of priorities but I know he's started

 14:41 <slyon> ok, thanks!

 14:42 <eslerm> the review is progressing. in addition to a reviewer, someone is working on semgrep tooling to help audit rust packages

 14:42 <slyon> Thanks for the update.

 14:42 <slyon> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/libbytesize/+bug/2028352

 14:43 <slyon> oops, pasted wrong buffer :)

 14:43 <slyon> #topic Any other business?

 14:43 <slyon> going once..

 14:43 <sarnold> none here

 14:44 <slyon> going twice...

 14:44 <slyon> Okay folks. That's all for today. Everybody gets 15min back. Make sure to use that time to comment on the pending MIR issues and PRs on GitHub.

 14:44 <slyon> Thanks all!

 14:44 <eslerm> thanks slyon!

 14:44 <sarnold> thanks slyon, eslerm, dviererbe :)

 14:45 <sarnold> foo foo

 14:45 <slyon> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)