== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Technical Board meeting, started by rbasak, 16 May at 19:01 &mdash; 19:15 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2023/ubuntu-meeting.2023-05-16-19.01.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== Action Review ===

Discussion started by rbasak at 19:01.


=== Scan the mailing list archive for anything we missed (standing item) ===

Discussion started by rbasak at 19:04.

 * Nothing outstanding in recent ML posts  (rbasak, 19:06)

=== Check up on community bugs and techboard bugs ===

Discussion started by rbasak at 19:13.

 * No new community bug activity  (rbasak, 19:13)

=== Select a chair for the next meeting ===

Discussion started by rbasak at 19:13.

 * seb128 will chair next, with vorlon as backup  (rbasak, 19:14)

=== AOB ===

Discussion started by rbasak at 19:14.

 * No OB  (rbasak, 19:15)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * rbasak (32)
 * vorlon (10)
 * seb128 (7)
 * amurray (4)
 * meetingology (2)



== Full log ==


 19:01 <rbasak> #startmeeting Technical Board

 19:01 <meetingology> Meeting started at 19:01:33 UTC.  The chair is rbasak.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 19:01 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 19:01 <rbasak> #topic Action Review

 19:01 * rbasak amurray to follow up with backporters team on Mattia's draft charter proposal

 19:01 <rbasak> I think I've seen the followup. Did we get a reply?

 19:02 <vorlon> (fwiw sil2100 is out this week; didn't see an apology but not surprised he's not here)

 19:02 <amurray> re backporters - no not that I have seen

 19:02 <rbasak> Maybe another poke is appropriate?

 19:02 <amurray> I will ping them again later this week

 19:03 <rbasak> It'd be nice to see a conclusion on this. I wonder if it would be appropriate to set a deadline at some point, and if no reply then we just use the current draft and call it done. I wouldn't mind it being long eg. months, but it'd be nice to have _some_ end point.

 19:03 <rbasak> Thanks

 19:03 * rbasak seb128 to help draft an exception to the "must build on all architectures" requirement for snaps

 19:04 <rbasak> And related

 19:04 * rbasak seb128/amurray/sil200 to help drafting the snap-store Ubuntu-specific tracks usage

 19:04 <seb128> no progress sorry :/

 19:04 * rbasak rbasak to draft a proposal of the DMB-proposed inactivity expiration policy for TB ratification

 19:04 <rbasak> Same here, sorry

 19:04 * rbasak sil2100 to start a draft summarizing the OEM archive portion of the meeting which x-nox and TB will review, edit, and ratify before we move on to figuring out the next step

 19:04 <rbasak> He's out, so that will need to carry over too

 19:04 <seb128> I hope to have more time for $things now that Lunar is out though

 19:04 <rbasak> Thanks!

 19:04 <rbasak> #topic Scan the mailing list archive for anything we missed (standing item)

 19:05 <rbasak> I see nothing relevant in April or May.

 19:05 <vorlon> there's a private email thread; I wonder if folks want to bring that topic public and discuss here?

 19:06 <rbasak> #info Nothing outstanding in recent ML posts

 19:06 <rbasak> I'm happy to discuss that publicly if others are

 19:06 <vorlon> (I just replied to it a half hour ago, so undertsandable if folks aren't current)

 19:07 <rbasak> I'd also be happy for my reply to be made public in its entirety.

 19:07 <rbasak> (so feel free to quote me from there in pubilc, etc)

 19:07 <vorlon> seb128: ?

 19:08 <seb128> sorry, I was busy reading vorlon's reply on that discussion :p

 19:08 <vorlon> :)

 19:08 <vorlon> fwiw my specific email wasn't drafted for public consumption so please don't quote it, but addressing the content is fine

 19:08 <seb128> I'm also fine discussing it in public

 19:09 <seb128> I wonder if now is right though, we got 3 replies since yesterday unsure if everyone had time to read/digest those

 19:10 <vorlon> ack, I'm certainly fine to defer

 19:10 <amurray> I'm fine to discuss it in public but I wonder if perhaps let's finish up the existing conversation privately then we can document the outcome publicly?

 19:10 <rbasak> To make progress, how about we give each other a couple of weeks to raise any objections to discussing the topic publicly? After that time, maybe we can effectively replay the thread but publicly.

 19:10 <seb128> wfm

 19:11 <amurray> +1

 19:12 <vorlon> +1

 19:12 <rbasak> fwiw my specific email wasn't drafted for public consumption> yeah I agree since it referred to specific individuals and that maybe shouldn't be made public (just for anyone following along)

 19:13 <rbasak> #topic Check up on community bugs and techboard bugs

 19:13 <rbasak> #info No new community bug activity

 19:13 <rbasak> #topic Select a chair for the next meeting

 19:14 <rbasak> We're going alphabetically, right? So seb128 next with vorlon as backup?

 19:14 <vorlon> sounds good

 19:14 <seb128> ack

 19:14 <rbasak> #info seb128 will chair next, with vorlon as backup

 19:14 <rbasak> #topic AOB

 19:14 <rbasak> AOB?

 19:15 <vorlon> nothing here

 19:15 <rbasak> #info No OB

 19:15 <rbasak> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)