== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team meeting, started by waveform, 25 May at 15:02 &mdash; 15:48 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2023/ubuntu-meeting.2023-05-25-15.02.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning rounds ===

Discussion started by waveform at 15:02.

 * ''LINK:'' https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/foundations-team-updates-thursday-25-may-2023/35962   (waveform, 15:03)

=== Release incoming bugs ===

Discussion started by waveform at 15:08.

 * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-mm-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs   (waveform, 15:09)
 * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ll-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs   (waveform, 15:21)
 * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-jj-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs   (waveform, 15:22)

=== Team proposed-migration report ===

Discussion started by waveform at 15:32.

 * ''LINK:'' https://ubuntu-archive-team.ubuntu.com/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs   (waveform, 15:32)

=== AOB ===

Discussion started by waveform at 15:44.




== People present (lines said) ==

 * waveform (40)
 * ginggs (10)
 * bdmurray (7)
 * zhsj (4)
 * adrien (4)
 * juliank (3)
 * schopin (3)
 * sil2100 (3)
 * ogayot (3)
 * meetingology (2)
 * bdrung (2)
 * liushuyu (1)
 * enr0n (1)



== Full log ==


 15:02 <waveform> #startmeeting Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team

 15:02 <meetingology> Meeting started at 15:02:51 UTC.  The chair is waveform.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 15:02 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 15:02 <waveform> #topic Lightning rounds

 15:03 <waveform> #link https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/foundations-team-updates-thursday-25-may-2023/35962

 15:03 <waveform> Let's give 5 minutes for people to read status updates

 15:05 <bdmurray> ginggs: "Poked some autopkgtests is very vague" and makes me wonder

 15:06 <bdmurray> with a misplaced "

 15:06 <juliank> Everything's vague :D

 15:06 <bdmurray> Not dbungert's report - everything is linkified

 15:06 <zhsj> schopin: i'm on +1 next week, shall i look git-annex ðŸ™‰

 15:07 <ginggs> bdmurray: would you like a list? :)

 15:07 <juliank> (off side meeting for a bit)

 15:07 <bdmurray> ginggs: Not if by poked you mean retried

 15:07 <schopin> zhsj: I'll probably circle back to it tomorrow.

 15:08 * zhsj finger cross

 15:08 <schopin> zhsj: wait for my final report on ubuntu-devel@, I usually start with the items that need attention.

 15:08 <ginggs> bdmurray: i do

 15:08 <waveform> okay, moving on

 15:08 <waveform> #topic Release incoming bugs

 15:09 <waveform> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-mm-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 15:09 <waveform> first up, bug 2020474

 15:10 <waveform> already in progress, just needs mm-incoming tag removing

 15:10 <waveform> bug 2015538

 15:14 <waveform> okay, this'll be postponed for the next release -- we don't have capacity to take it on and neither do desktop so it'll be bumped for the nn series

 15:14 <juliank> :(

 15:14 <bdmurray> switching during an LTS?

 15:15 <waveform> certainly not ideal

 15:15 <waveform> but unless anyone in foundations wants to step up?...

 15:15 <sil2100> Well, we have no capacity! So if someone's willing, please go ahead and pick this up pretty please ;)

 15:18 <waveform> okay, system squad will take this offline and see if they can figure out some capacity; leaving the mm tag for next week to see if a conclusion is reached

 15:18 <waveform> bug 2019940

 15:20 <waveform> switching tag to foundations-todo but this looks like it's already in hand with sly_on

 15:21 <waveform> moving on to ll:

 15:21 <waveform> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ll-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 15:21 <waveform> just bug 2012698 here this week

 15:21 <waveform> and that's already in hand with the desktop team

 15:22 <waveform> let's have a look at jj...

 15:22 <waveform> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-jj-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 15:22 <waveform> bug 2020658 ...

 15:23 <zhsj> not sure what actions need here :/ the backport is simple

 15:24 <sil2100> I think samirkamerkar wanted to talk to zhsj about that

 15:24 <sil2100> Let's add foundations-todo

 15:24 <zhsj> let's move it to offline

 15:25 <waveform> okay, switched the tag -- we can sort out the assignment offline

 15:25 <waveform> bug 1971425

 15:28 <bdmurray> It seems like the fix is to resort the dictionary?

 15:29 <adrien> that's what I've gathered from the report upstream too

 15:29 <adrien> that seems a bit surprising/brittle though

 15:29 <adrien> although look(1) is explicit about doing a binary search

 15:31 <waveform> okay, tagged todo as it seems like the upstream report includes some useful details on the fix

 15:32 <waveform> nothing in ff for foundations this week, \o/

 15:32 <waveform> #topic Team proposed-migration report

 15:32 <waveform> #link https://ubuntu-archive-team.ubuntu.com/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs

 15:32 <waveform> over to ginggs

 15:32 <ginggs> only 3 this week \o/

 15:33 <ginggs> fwupd was with liushuyu, how's that going?

 15:33 <liushuyu> ginggs: it's a somwhat problematic regression, still investigating

 15:34 <ginggs> ok

 15:34 <ginggs> isc-dhcp blocked by network-manager, i believe this is fixed by danilogondolfo

 15:35 <ginggs> git blocked by dgit, i think dgit's tests just need updating for the new git, this should come from debian soon

 15:35 <ginggs> so i think we can skip that one

 15:36 <ginggs> that's it then

 15:36 <waveform> okay, should we look at merges?

 15:38 <ginggs> there are still a few that are unassigned

 15:38 <ogayot> I can pick one in the list

 15:40 <enr0n> I will take wireless-tools

 15:41 <adrien> I'm taking cdebconf

 15:44 <waveform> ogayot will have a look at dbus

 15:44 <ogayot> I'll give dbus a try and ask waveform if any problem comes up

 15:44 <waveform> okay, that's all for merges this week

 15:44 <waveform> #topic AOB

 15:44 <bdmurray> Monday is a US holiday

 15:44 <waveform> I'll be off most of next week dealing with half-term hols

 15:45 <schopin> Likewise in France

 15:45 <bdrung> Likewise in Germany

 15:45 <ogayot> I'll be off 3 days next week

 15:45 <waveform> (but I'll be around Monday because apparently the UK is the only country without a holiday ... bah!)

 15:46 <bdrung> then waveform has time for the sbuild merge :D

 15:46 <waveform> oh, no it is a bank holiday in the UK ... shows how much I notice these things!

 15:48 <waveform> okay, holidays sorted -- any other bids on time-off? Going once?

 15:48 <waveform> twice?

 15:48 <waveform> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)