== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status meeting, started by cpaelzer, 22 Aug at 14:31 &mdash; 15:01 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2023/ubuntu-meeting.2023-08-22-14.31.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== current component mismatches ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 14:32.

 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg   (cpaelzer, 14:32)
 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg   (cpaelzer, 14:32)

=== New MIRs ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 14:35.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=NEW&field.status%3Alist=CONFIRMED&assignee_option=none&field.assignee=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (cpaelzer, 14:35)

=== Incomplete bugs / questions ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 14:45.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (cpaelzer, 14:45)
 * ''LINK:'' https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/pulls   (cpaelzer, 14:47)
 * ''LINK:'' https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/issues   (cpaelzer, 14:47)
 * ''LINK:'' https://grep.app/search?q=%20%20%20%20%20%20uses%3A%20actions/first-interaction%40v1   (dviererbe, 14:50)
 * ''LINK:'' https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/blob/bb1087152706f72aa0c535a20dde5c72a442033b/README.md?plain=1#L1073   (dviererbe, 14:52)

=== MIR related Security Review Queue ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 14:55.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-security/+bugs?field.searchtext=%5BMIR%5D&assignee_option=choose&field.assignee=ubuntu-security&field.bug_reporter=&field.bug_commenter=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (cpaelzer, 14:55)
 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-security/+bugs?field.searchtext=[MIR]&assignee_option=choose&field.assignee=ubuntu-security&field.bug_reporter=&field.bug_commenter=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (cpaelzer, 14:55)
 * ''LINK:'' https://warthogs.atlassian.net/jira/software/c/projects/SEC/boards/594   (cpaelzer, 14:55)

=== Any other business? ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 14:57.




== People present (lines said) ==

 * cpaelzer (119)
 * slyon (17)
 * sarnold (16)
 * dviererbe (12)
 * eslerm (6)
 * joalif (3)
 * meetingology (2)
 * bdrung (2)
 * jbicha (1)



== Full log ==


 14:31 <cpaelzer> #startmeeting Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status

 14:31 <meetingology> Meeting started at 14:31:54 UTC.  The chair is cpaelzer.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 14:31 <eslerm> o/

 14:31 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 14:31 <sarnold> good morning

 14:32 <cpaelzer> Ping for MIR meeting - didrocks joalif slyon sarnold cpaelzer jamespage ( eslerm dviererbe )

 14:32 <slyon> o/

 14:32 <cpaelzer> #topic current component mismatches

 14:32 <cpaelzer> Mission: Identify required actions and spread the load among the teams

 14:32 <cpaelzer> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg

 14:32 <cpaelzer> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg

 14:32 <joalif> o/

 14:32 <cpaelzer> To keep things in consumable chunks the first 6 of the perl deps for spamassassin are now up

 14:32 <cpaelzer> see the red color

 14:32 <dviererbe> o/

 14:32 <cpaelzer> we'll get to that when assigning new MIR cases for review

 14:32 <cpaelzer> nvmse-stas was considerd ready, but waiting dor dasbus

 14:33 <cpaelzer> which is on security atm

 14:33 <cpaelzer> nothing else new here AFAICS

 14:34 <cpaelzer> even nothing new in proposed

 14:34 <cpaelzer> which feels right given we are in feature freeze

 14:34 <slyon> libei is now ready for security, too (but also some TODOs for jbicha)

 14:34 <cpaelzer> good to know

 14:34 <sarnold> now I wonder about the flood of FFEs :)

 14:34 <jbicha> üëç

 14:34 <cpaelzer> dracut also is ok, will enter security later on (for next cycle)

 14:35 <cpaelzer> but for now we agreed on a package splitting that allows to pass just a minimal thing without

 14:35 <slyon> nice!

 14:35 <cpaelzer> it is back on bdrung to get this in place

 14:35 <slyon> ACK

 14:35 <cpaelzer> #topic New MIRs

 14:35 <cpaelzer> Mission: ensure to assign all incoming reviews for fast processing

 14:35 <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=NEW&field.status%3Alist=CONFIRMED&assignee_option=none&field.assignee=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 14:36 <cpaelzer> uh wow 10

 14:36 <cpaelzer> so much for "not much because of FF"

 14:36 <cpaelzer> but as I said

 14:36 <cpaelzer> 6 of them are meant to be trivial perl cases

 14:36 <cpaelzer> back in the day they almost got no review, that isn't how we should do it again

 14:36 <cpaelzer> but really, structurally they are mostly a mechanical repack of the perl modules

 14:36 <cpaelzer> with auto-autopkgtest and usually good test sets

 14:37 <cpaelzer> with small and well defined use cases

 14:37 <sarnold> being on the hotpath for handling email they deserve a reasonable look

 14:37 <cpaelzer> So I'd wonder if we can distribute those to just one person as they'd all feel very similar

 14:37 <sarnold> lintian modules are something else

 14:37 <cpaelzer> indeed

 14:37 <cpaelzer> I was just going there sarnold

 14:38 <cpaelzer> It will not be no review, but by structurally sharing that much there likely would be a huge efficiency gain by one doing them all

 14:38 <cpaelzer> that is what I wanted to say :-)

 14:38 <sarnold> that makes sense, yes

 14:38 <cpaelzer> so I'm looking for a volunteer for 6xsupposed-to-be-simple cases

 14:38 <slyon> I could probably take 2-3 of those for next week, assuming they are small. But probably not all of them

 14:38 <joalif> I can also take some

 14:39 <cpaelzer> it is actually 8, so how about 4 each but no complaining stares if not all of them are done next week?

 14:39 <slyon> +1

 14:39 <joalif> sure

 14:40 <cpaelzer> assigned

 14:41 <bdrung> cpaelzer, I just uploaded dracut 059-4ubuntu2 that splits out dracut-install. Should I assign the ticket back to you?

 14:41 <cpaelzer> update the bug, set it back to new and unassign yourself

 14:41 <cpaelzer> bdrung: ^^

 14:42 <cpaelzer> and I guess make the seed or dependency change that will pull it in

 14:42 <cpaelzer> once all is in place ping one from the team here to ack for the promotion of dracut-install

 14:42 <bdrung> thanks. I am working on the initramfs-tools change now.

 14:42 <cpaelzer> we'll set the state to "in progress" reflecting that

 14:42 <cpaelzer> Then subscribe ubuntu archive admins to do the promotion

 14:43 <cpaelzer> ok

 14:43 <cpaelzer> ok, in terms of reviews two more to g

 14:43 <cpaelzer> go

 14:43 <cpaelzer> I'll take gnome-clocks, because why not

 14:43 <cpaelzer> leaved https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/pappl-retrofit/+bug/2031814 unassigned

 14:43 <cpaelzer> missing didier who is out atm

 14:44 <cpaelzer> we have assigned more than we commted to be able to do each week (due to those perly things)

 14:44 <cpaelzer> so I think this one has to wait

 14:44 <cpaelzer> s/commted/committed/

 14:44 <slyon> I agree

 14:45 <cpaelzer> and of course this is a late "needs to be in 23.10" *sigh*

 14:45 <cpaelzer> but still we are humans and have plenty of other tasks

 14:45 <cpaelzer> I think that is ok, re-eval next week

 14:45 <cpaelzer> #topic Incomplete bugs / questions

 14:45 <cpaelzer> Mission: Identify required actions and spread the load among the teams

 14:45 <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 14:45 <cpaelzer> dracut was clarified above

 14:46 <cpaelzer> s390x-tools and rust has gotten a block-proposed update

 14:46 <cpaelzer> most recent actual change is https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/dotnet6/+bug/2023531

 14:46 <cpaelzer> hmm, that is a response to the review

 14:46 <cpaelzer> I need to read that with some time

 14:46 <cpaelzer> since I've done the review

 14:47 <cpaelzer> opic Process/Documentation improvements

 14:47 <cpaelzer> Mission: Review pending process/documentation pull-requests or issues

 14:47 <cpaelzer> #link https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/pulls

 14:47 <cpaelzer> #link https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/issues

 14:47 <dviererbe> Greet new contributers on first issue/pr #37 https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/pull/37

 14:48 <cpaelzer> that is a nice idea, but also so new the tests didn't run yet right?

 14:48 <dviererbe> Github queue seems to be long today, the Ci was just not run yet

 14:49 <cpaelzer> I generally like this idea

 14:49 <slyon> Maybe s/GMT/UTC/, otherwise lgtm.

 14:49 <cpaelzer> where you able to pre-test this somehow dviererbe?

 14:50 <dviererbe> Kind of yes here: https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/actions/runs/5939665817/job/16106543321 but I oriented myself on the config of other repos that used the action

 14:50 <cpaelzer> ok, nice

 14:50 <dviererbe> https://grep.app/search?q=%20%20%20%20%20%20uses%3A%20actions/first-interaction%40v1

 14:50 <slyon> dviererbe: do we need to install the "secrets.GITHUB_TOKEN" somehow?

 14:51 <cpaelzer> how about this - fix the GMT/UTC and allow time to pass for any potential further reviewers

 14:51 <dviererbe> No this is a environment variable that gets injected by the action runner

 14:51 <cpaelzer> then we can land once tests also have ran e.g. in next weeks meeting

 14:51 <slyon> ok

 14:51 <dviererbe> Than I also should replace it in the Readme.md

 14:51 <dviererbe> Thats where I took it from

 14:52 <cpaelzer> is that what we have oO

 14:52 <cpaelzer> let me look at the invite what TZ we have set for real

 14:52 <slyon> well.. yeah. It's more of a nitpick. We can also keep it as-is.

 14:52 <cpaelzer> it is actually "4.30pm CET"

 14:52 <slyon> cpaelzer: I think giving the real TZ make sense, as that would account for time shifts

 14:52 <cpaelzer> how about chaning .md and this to that value

 14:52 <dviererbe> https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/blob/bb1087152706f72aa0c535a20dde5c72a442033b/README.md?plain=1#L1073

 14:52 <sarnold> hah, it's in there twice

 14:52 <cpaelzer> so that git matches the calendar

 14:52 <sarnold> (Tuesdays 15:30-16:00 GMT) near the end

 14:53 <dviererbe> I change it

 14:53 <sarnold> 2023-08-22 14:52:58 < sarnold>  (Tuesdays 15:30-16:00 GMT) near the end

 14:53 <cpaelzer> well and this PR, other than adding the nice welcome

 14:53 <sarnold> funny enough, that second one is just plain wrong part of the year :)

 14:53 <cpaelzer> could sync all those mentions with the calendar entry we have

 14:53 <cpaelzer> dviererbe: ok with that?

 14:53 <dviererbe> Yes :)

 14:54 <cpaelzer> next is https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/pull/36

 14:54 <sarnold> woot, thanks dviererbe :)

 14:54 <cpaelzer> which we had some approval when discussing

 14:54 <cpaelzer> but now have  PR actually writing about it

 14:54 <cpaelzer> no need to read it now

 14:54 <cpaelzer> but before next week an ack or feedback would be nice

 14:54 <cpaelzer> ok?

 14:54 <sarnold> ack

 14:54 <cpaelzer> ok, the rest is old/draft

 14:55 <cpaelzer> #topic MIR related Security Review Queue

 14:55 <cpaelzer> Mission: Check on progress, do deadlines seem doable?

 14:55 <cpaelzer> Some clients can only work with one, some with the other escaping - the URLs point to the same place.

 14:55 <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-security/+bugs?field.searchtext=%5BMIR%5D&assignee_option=choose&field.assignee=ubuntu-security&field.bug_reporter=&field.bug_commenter=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 14:55 <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-security/+bugs?field.searchtext=[MIR]&assignee_option=choose&field.assignee=ubuntu-security&field.bug_reporter=&field.bug_commenter=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 14:55 <cpaelzer> Internal link

 14:55 <cpaelzer> - ensure your teams items are prioritized among each other as you'd expect

 14:55 <cpaelzer> - ensure community requests do not get stomped by teams calling for favors too much

 14:55 <cpaelzer> #link https://warthogs.atlassian.net/jira/software/c/projects/SEC/boards/594

 14:55 <cpaelzer> never heard of semgrep_rules_manager

 14:55 <cpaelzer> why is that in this kanban board at all?

 14:55 <eslerm> I'll add libei to our jira board

 14:55 <cpaelzer> thanks eslerm

 14:56 <cpaelzer> about dracut

 14:56 <cpaelzer> while we split things out and promote a very small subset now

 14:56 <cpaelzer> this would also want to be added to the security board tracking

 14:56 <cpaelzer> even not yet being assigned to you on the bug

 14:56 <cpaelzer> that is https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/dracut/+bug/2031304

 14:56 <cpaelzer> would you be able to add that as well?

 14:56 <eslerm> can do

 14:56 <cpaelzer> the rest looks kind of "as expected"

 14:57 <cpaelzer> heif and siblings to fully complete soon or 24.04 the ltest

 14:57 <cpaelzer> stuff in progress

 14:57 <cpaelzer> all good AFAICS

 14:57 <cpaelzer> keeping time in mind let me call for

 14:57 <cpaelzer> #topic Any other business?

 14:57 <sarnold> none here

 14:57 <eslerm> heif had a block last week, let me find it

 14:57 <slyon> eslerm: I added some update comments to the heif related MIRs

 14:58 <slyon> pfsmorigo: I was wondering about the state of cargo?

 14:58 <eslerm> ack, thanks I'll follow up

 14:58 <cpaelzer> I didn't want to ask about cargo given the time, but you are right to do so ... :-/

 14:58 <eslerm> Seth, can you answer for Paulo please

 14:59 <sarnold> slyon: pfsmorigo has written a report on it, and I've not yet had the time to read his report :(

 14:59 <slyon> sarnold: can we see that report somewhere, or is it still internal?

 14:59 <sarnold> slyon: yeah I could bounce you a copy

 14:59 <slyon> that be great, thanks

 15:00 <slyon> nothing else from my side

 15:00 <cpaelzer> next meeting is starting and nothing else

 15:00 <sarnold> eek thanks for the 'next meeting' reminder

 15:00 <sarnold> I swear if my head weren't bolted on..

 15:00 <cpaelzer> hehe

 15:00 <dviererbe> :D

 15:01 <cpaelzer> thanks

 15:01 <cpaelzer> see you all

 15:01 <cpaelzer> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)