== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status meeting, started by cpaelzer, 28 Nov at 15:31 &mdash; 15:56 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2023/ubuntu-meeting.2023-11-28-15.31.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== current component mismatches ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 15:32.

 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg   (cpaelzer, 15:32)
 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg   (cpaelzer, 15:32)

=== New MIRs ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 15:41.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=NEW&field.status%3Alist=CONFIRMED&assignee_option=none&field.assignee=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (cpaelzer, 15:41)
 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/libemail-mime-contenttype-perl/+bug/2030962   (cpaelzer, 15:42)

=== Incomplete bugs / questions ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 15:44.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (cpaelzer, 15:44)
 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/libmail-dmarc-perl/+bug/2023971 has gotten the change to the smaller dependency set  (cpaelzer, 15:45)
 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/dotnet6/+bug/2023531 is almost ready  (cpaelzer, 15:45)
 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/libnet-ip-perl/+bug/2039456 is interesting  (cpaelzer, 15:46)

=== Process/Documentation improvements ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 15:50.

 * ''LINK:'' https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/pulls   (cpaelzer, 15:50)
 * ''LINK:'' https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/issues   (cpaelzer, 15:50)

=== MIR related Security Review Queue ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 15:51.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-security/+bugs?field.searchtext=%5BMIR%5D&assignee_option=choose&field.assignee=ubuntu-security&field.bug_reporter=&field.bug_commenter=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (cpaelzer, 15:51)
 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-security/+bugs?field.searchtext=[MIR]&assignee_option=choose&field.assignee=ubuntu-security&field.bug_reporter=&field.bug_commenter=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (cpaelzer, 15:51)
 * ''LINK:'' https://warthogs.atlassian.net/jira/software/c/projects/SEC/boards/594   (cpaelzer, 15:51)

=== Any other business? ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 15:54.




== People present (lines said) ==

 * cpaelzer (112)
 * sarnold (15)
 * jamespage (9)
 * slyon (5)
 * eslerm (4)
 * meetingology (2)
 * jbicha (1)
 * dviererbe (1)
 * Eickmeyer (1)



== Full log ==


 15:31 <cpaelzer> #startmeeting Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status

 15:31 <meetingology> Meeting started at 15:31:52 UTC.  The chair is cpaelzer.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 15:31 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 15:31 <cpaelzer> Ping for MIR meeting - didrocks joalif slyon sarnold cpaelzer jamespage ( eslerm dviererbe )

 15:32 <cpaelzer> plenty of people already said hi

 15:32 <jamespage> o/

 15:32 <cpaelzer> so let me start

 15:32 <cpaelzer> #topic current component mismatches

 15:32 <cpaelzer> Mission: Identify required actions and spread the load among the teams

 15:32 <cpaelzer> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg

 15:32 <cpaelzer> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg

 15:32 <cpaelzer> non proposed is fine

 15:32 <cpaelzer> proposed has libmail-dkim-perl

 15:32 <cpaelzer> historically that was desktop, but we agreed topick this up as part of the similar work on dmarc

 15:33 <cpaelzer> so mirespace will file requests for those

 15:33 <cpaelzer> I haven't seen libio-prompter-perl before, anyone knows about this?

 15:33 <slyon> cpaelzer: we're taking care of libio-prompter-perl

 15:33 <slyon> it's been there for a few weeks

 15:33 <cpaelzer> I checked it is foundations

 15:33 <cpaelzer> thanks

 15:33 <cpaelzer> it didn't move yet so I wanted to ask again, all fine

 15:34 <cpaelzer> pipewire is Desktop and has been there in the past

 15:34 <cpaelzer> looks like a new dep by a sync maybe

 15:34 <cpaelzer> let us check the most recent upload

 15:34 <cpaelzer> yep https://launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/pipewire/1.0.0-1

 15:34 <cpaelzer> jbicha: didrocks: could you carry this to the team and let us know next week what the approach to that one should be?

 15:35 <cpaelzer> OTOH I'm impressed it is 1.0 - yay suggest stability

 15:35 <cpaelzer> and then we know jaraco.text no need to bring it up again

 15:35 <cpaelzer> that is all that I see in mismatches

 15:35 <cpaelzer> anything else you want to raise for that section of the agenda?

 15:36 <jamespage> actually I had a query on the jaraco.text one

 15:36 <cpaelzer> go

 15:36 <jamespage> pydantic is one of the deps - I worked through the feedback on that last week

 15:37 <jamespage> one TODO was to upgrade to the latest 2.x series release (from 1.10.x) which is a pretty large transition as the 2 series breaks alot of API

 15:37 <sarnold> logcheck -> esmtp feels like it's part of the furniture around here but my irc client no longer has scrollback about it -- is that still in a state for us to ignore?

 15:37 <cpaelzer> sarnold: yes that is a known false positive

 15:37 <jamespage> question is really whether we should always insist on very latest up-to-date

 15:37 <cpaelzer> jamespage: I agree that not going for 2.x seems right for this

 15:37 <jamespage> 1.10.x has recent-ish releases which I have updated to

 15:37 <cpaelzer> thanks for updating and enabling the tests

 15:38 <slyon> sarnold: https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/plzip/+bug/1980663/comments/3

 15:38 <sarnold> oh hah, clicking it even goes to the right thing; thanks

 15:39 <cpaelzer> jamespage updating the case ...

 15:39 <jamespage> ta

 15:39 <jamespage> still needs security review onthat task

 15:40 <cpaelzer> no it does not

 15:40 <cpaelzer> oh

 15:40 <cpaelzer> I misread as they were to many updates

 15:40 <cpaelzer> and too many review

 15:40 <cpaelzer> right, fixing

 15:41 <cpaelzer> should be good now jamespage

 15:41 <jamespage> brill thanks

 15:41 <cpaelzer> ok

 15:41 <cpaelzer> next

 15:41 <cpaelzer> #topic New MIRs

 15:41 <cpaelzer> Mission: ensure to assign all incoming reviews for fast processing

 15:41 <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=NEW&field.status%3Alist=CONFIRMED&assignee_option=none&field.assignee=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 15:42 <cpaelzer> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/libemail-mime-contenttype-perl/+bug/2030962

 15:42 <jbicha> yes, Desktop is investigating the new Pipewire 1.0 dependency to either disable it or prepare a MIR

 15:42 <cpaelzer> was reviewed

 15:42 <cpaelzer> thanks jbicha

 15:42 <cpaelzer> This is actually ready, just needs the subscription and the other dependencies

 15:43 <cpaelzer> I'll add the subscription and mark if as ready later

 15:43 <cpaelzer> next is https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/libgssglue/+bug/2044535

 15:43 <cpaelzer> slyon: did the check with the team already happen?

 15:44 <slyon> cpaelzer: the discussion in still in progress. I'm +1 personally, but like to get some more buy-in from the team

 15:44 <cpaelzer> sure

 15:44 <cpaelzer> sounds fine

 15:44 <cpaelzer> happy to wait for the call then

 15:44 <cpaelzer> #topic Incomplete bugs / questions

 15:44 <cpaelzer> Mission: Identify required actions and spread the load among the teams

 15:44 <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 15:44 <sarnold> heh, the whole template in there, it's hard to know what's relevant vs regular old boilerplate -- I wonder if we need to update our docs to make it more clear what's expected of mir proposers

 15:45 <cpaelzer> I felt it is clear, it needs inout of those requesters what they would have expected

 15:45 <cpaelzer> recent changes in incomplete

 15:45 <sarnold> inout? input or i/o? :)

 15:45 <cpaelzer> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/libmail-dmarc-perl/+bug/2023971 has gotten the change to the smaller dependency set

 15:45 <cpaelzer> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/dotnet6/+bug/2023531 is almost ready

 15:46 <cpaelzer> just tests to be added, then it is good

 15:46 <cpaelzer> long things are finally good

 15:46 <cpaelzer> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/libnet-ip-perl/+bug/2039456 is interesting

 15:46 <cpaelzer> sarnold: eslerm: could you have a look

 15:46 <cpaelzer> that is a case of "all fine, but upstream is dead"

 15:46 <cpaelzer> OTOH it also doesn#t need any change one would know of

 15:47 <cpaelzer> there are such packages in the archive and joalif rightfully asked for you to say "yeah this is fine for us too"

 15:47 <cpaelzer> is it?

 15:47 <cpaelzer> and while you ponder about that , the other one in incomplete is https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/libmatch-simple-perl/+bug/2042100 which slyon mentioned before to be in progress - no action needed

 15:48 <cpaelzer> the further ones are dependencies of the dmarc thing which are no more needed

 15:48 <cpaelzer> so before going on, sarnold / eslerm - WDYT?

 15:48 * eslerm looking

 15:48 <sarnold> # Copyright (c) 1999 - 2002                           RIPE NCC

 15:48 <sarnold> heh

 15:48 <cpaelzer> do not call it dead, call it stable

 15:48 <dviererbe> :D

 15:49 <Eickmeyer> Looks ripe.

 15:49 <cpaelzer> feel free to give me the answer on the bug later on

 15:49 <cpaelzer> I'd like to use the time here to complete all agenda items

 15:49 <cpaelzer> ok?

 15:49 <sarnold> yeah

 15:49 <eslerm> sounds ok, we're going to fuzz a lot of these packages at once, and I feel we may as well with this even if we don't do an mir

 15:50 <cpaelzer> indeed eslerm

 15:50 <cpaelzer> ESM for the win

 15:50 <cpaelzer> leave a trace on the bug later on please

 15:50 <cpaelzer> #topic Process/Documentation improvements

 15:50 <cpaelzer> Mission: Review pending process/documentation pull-requests or issues

 15:50 <cpaelzer> #link https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/pulls

 15:50 <cpaelzer> #link https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/issues

 15:50 <cpaelzer> only the old on-hold things

 15:50 <cpaelzer> I've landed last week the security "make clear about deadlines" PR

 15:50 <cpaelzer> after like 3 spell check PRs :-P

 15:51 <cpaelzer> #topic MIR related Security Review Queue

 15:51 <cpaelzer> Mission: Check on progress, do deadlines seem doable?

 15:51 <cpaelzer> Some clients can only work with one, some with the other escaping - the URLs point to the same place.

 15:51 <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-security/+bugs?field.searchtext=%5BMIR%5D&assignee_option=choose&field.assignee=ubuntu-security&field.bug_reporter=&field.bug_commenter=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 15:51 <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-security/+bugs?field.searchtext=[MIR]&assignee_option=choose&field.assignee=ubuntu-security&field.bug_reporter=&field.bug_commenter=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 15:51 <cpaelzer> Internal link

 15:51 <cpaelzer> - ensure your teams items are prioritized among each other as you'd expect

 15:51 <cpaelzer> - ensure community requests do not get stomped by teams calling for favors too much

 15:51 <cpaelzer> #link https://warthogs.atlassian.net/jira/software/c/projects/SEC/boards/594

 15:51 <sarnold> oh look new bug on the list :)

 15:52 <cpaelzer> hehe

 15:52 <cpaelzer> well, some email things that we expected

 15:52 <cpaelzer> there is a bunch in TODO

 15:52 <eslerm> I'm hoping dbus-broker gets a dbus-run-session wrapper, it's a package we want promotoed

 15:52 <cpaelzer> let me ask, how is the capacity before Christmas shutdown to get some of them to done?

 15:52 <cpaelzer> ack eslerm

 15:53 <sarnold> capacity is limited, many people are burning the needful pto due

 15:53 <eslerm> the perl work should be ramping up soon. @iosifache has perl fuzzing tooling setup and will teach a few others who will work on them together

 15:53 * cpaelzer thinks of eslerm and sarnold now coordinating out of band what they should say to be nice but not make promises :-P

 15:53 <cpaelzer> ah there it is

 15:54 <cpaelzer> understandable sarnold and sounds good eslerm

 15:54 <cpaelzer> thanks

 15:54 <cpaelzer> #topic Any other business?

 15:54 <sarnold> heh, after we yanked internal irc, I can't multitask chat like I used to :(

 15:54 <cpaelzer> use MM via IRC

 15:54 <sarnold> the thought occurs to me often :(

 15:54 <cpaelzer> remember https://xkcd.com/1782/

 15:54 <sarnold> it me!

 15:55 <cpaelzer> no other topic by me this week

 15:55 <sarnold> oh right

 15:55 <cpaelzer> well, mirespace asked me to notify that the libmail-dkim things seen in proposed will not be 1 8as shown) but 3 MIR packages

 15:55 <sarnold> none here, except a general warning of the pto bonfire

 15:55 <slyon> nothing here.

 15:56 <cpaelzer> indeed sarnold

 15:56 <cpaelzer> ok, let me close this

 15:56 <cpaelzer> thank you and see you next week

 15:56 <sarnold> thanks cpaelzer, all :)

 15:56 <cpaelzer> with a few more cases to review and a few more in the seucity check "in progress" list

 15:56 <cpaelzer> \o/

 15:56 <cpaelzer> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)