== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status meeting, started by slyon, 21 Feb at 15:33 &mdash; 15:54 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2023/ubuntu-meeting.2023-02-21-15.33.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== current component mismatches ===

Discussion started by slyon at 15:34.

 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg   (slyon, 15:34)
 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg   (slyon, 15:34)

=== New MIRs ===

Discussion started by slyon at 15:37.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=NEW&field.status%3Alist=CONFIRMED&assignee_option=none&field.assignee=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (slyon, 15:37)

=== Incomplete bugs / questions ===

Discussion started by slyon at 15:43.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (slyon, 15:43)

=== MIR related Security Review Queue ===

Discussion started by slyon at 15:48.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-security/+bugs?field.searchtext=%5BMIR%5D&assignee_option=choose&field.assignee=ubuntu-security&field.bug_reporter=&field.bug_commenter=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (slyon, 15:48)
 * ''LINK:'' https://warthogs.atlassian.net/jira/software/c/projects/SEC/boards/594   (slyon, 15:49)

=== Any other business? ===

Discussion started by slyon at 15:52.




== People present (lines said) ==

 * slyon (64)
 * didrocks (12)
 * sarnold (11)
 * eslerm_ (8)
 * meetingology (2)



== Full log ==


 15:33 <slyon> #startmeeting Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status

 15:33 <meetingology> Meeting started at 15:33:54 UTC.  The chair is slyon.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 15:33 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 15:34 <slyon> Ping for MIR meeting - didrocks joalif slyon sarnold c_paelzer jamespage eslerm

 15:34 <slyon> #topic current component mismatches

 15:34 <slyon> Mission: Identify required actions and spread the load among the teams

 15:34 <slyon> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg

 15:34 <slyon> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg

 15:34 <slyon> this is looking pretty good IMO! c-m release is the smalles I've ever seen \o/

 15:34 <slyon> c-m-p:

 15:34 <sarnold> woo!

 15:35 <didrocks> o/

 15:35 <slyon> devscripts and licensecheck have been handed out to collegues of mine in Foundations

 15:35 <slyon> netplan is making some progress (I think we could be promoting mdurl): bug #2002818

 15:35 <slyon> didrocks: ^ could you take care of this?

 15:36 <slyon> everything else seems known/in progress to me..

 15:36 <didrocks> sure, will do, but probably not before next meeting

 15:36 <slyon> ACK

 15:37 <slyon> #topic New MIRs

 15:37 <slyon> Mission: ensure to assign all incoming reviews for fast processing

 15:37 <slyon> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=NEW&field.status%3Alist=CONFIRMED&assignee_option=none&field.assignee=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 15:37 <didrocks> (sorry, just read it’s only about promoting and not doing another pass, will handle quickly now)

 15:37 <slyon> thanks, even better

 15:38 <slyon> bug #1997560

 15:39 <sarnold> I think that might 'just' be in the wrong spot in the flowchart

 15:39 <slyon> we got some good security review on this one. It's back to the desktop team to handle any requested changes and re-apply for MIR

 15:39 <didrocks> so should be incomplete

 15:39 <slyon> sarnold: I agree, but what's the status this should be in? I guess incomplete and assigned to the desktop team.

 15:40 <didrocks> +1

 15:40 <slyon> done.

 15:40 <slyon> bug #2006464

 15:41 <slyon> also got security review. should be incomplete and back to kanashiro[m]

 15:41 <slyon> done.

 15:41 <eslerm_> per libcamera, usually Security sets the status to In Progress after our review, which was not done here

 15:41 <slyon> bug #2003259

 15:42 <slyon> eslerm_: that's fine. we have this meeting to get everything lined up correctly

 15:42 <didrocks> I guess up to security for the 3 of them while the rest of the issues are tackled by the desktop team

 15:42 <slyon> ack. already assigned to ubuntu-security and vanished from our "new MIRs" list.

 15:43 <slyon> so no actionable MIRs for review this week \o/

 15:43 <didrocks> yeah, you were in between I was finishing up the MIR feedback post :)

 15:43 <slyon> #topic Incomplete bugs / questions

 15:43 <slyon> Mission: Identify required actions and spread the load among the teams

 15:43 <slyon> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 15:43 * sarnold pokes launchpad

 15:43 <slyon> bug #2003259

 15:44 <slyon> got its MIR review, back to vpa1977

 15:44 <didrocks> yeah, the 3 of them are now done

 15:44 <sarnold> paste fail?>

 15:44 <didrocks> I hope that wasn’t a mfa :p

 15:44 <slyon> oop. bug #2004516 that is

 15:46 <slyon> bug #2007279

 15:46 <slyon> tracking updates. this is being handled by collegues of mine, soon. as stated before

 15:46 <slyon> bug #2003272

 15:47 <sarnold> this was kicked back to till for updates

 15:47 <slyon> didrocks: requested changes from till

 15:47 <slyon> bug #2003083

 15:47 <slyon> was picked for this pulse IIRC, should be started soon

 15:47 <slyon> bug #1997560

 15:48 <slyon> we discussed this already before

 15:48 <slyon> back to desktop team

 15:48 <slyon> same with bug #2006464 (back to reporter)

 15:48 <slyon> that's the list

 15:48 <slyon> #topic MIR related Security Review Queue

 15:48 <slyon> Mission: Check on progress, do deadlines seem doable?

 15:48 <slyon> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-security/+bugs?field.searchtext=%5BMIR%5D&assignee_option=choose&field.assignee=ubuntu-security&field.bug_reporter=&field.bug_commenter=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 15:49 <slyon> thank you very much sarnold, eslerm_ and team. I feel like we've seen some continued efforts to drive down the sec-review queues! Kudos

 15:49 <slyon> sarnold: any status update you want to give?

 15:49 <eslerm_> thanks :D

 15:49 <slyon> #link https://warthogs.atlassian.net/jira/software/c/projects/SEC/boards/594

 15:49 <eslerm_> markdown-it-py may be finished today (in review)

 15:50 <sarnold> slyon: thanks :) it's been feeling much better lately; I've got duktape in progress, but interviews and meetings may mean it doesn't finish before the feature freeze

 15:50 <slyon> nice!

 15:50 <eslerm_> that would complete netplan.io MIRs

 15:50 <sarnold> I suspect we won't start the printing packages until after feature freeze

 15:50 <didrocks> sarnold: seeing how late that was posted in the cycle, I feel it’s fair

 15:50 <slyon> ack.

 15:51 <eslerm_> I will likely assign myself pcs today and puma is being worked on, that would complete all pcs reqs. Likely will need a FFe though

 15:51 <sarnold> didrocks: thanks; it just seemed important enough to at least state it clearly

 15:51 <slyon> cool that will make the server team very happy!

 15:51 <sarnold> eslerm_: awesome :)

 15:51 <slyon> eslerm_: One thing I'd like you to have a look at is my latest comment on here: https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/rich/+bug/2003570/comments/7

 15:52 <slyon> how strong is your opinion on the explicit "dh-python" dependency, as it has been rejected by the Debian maintainer

 15:52 <slyon> We'd need to introduce delta to make that happen

 15:52 <slyon> I guess we can also discuss this in the next topic

 15:52 <slyon> #topic Any other business?

 15:53 <didrocks> no business for me :)

 15:53 <sarnold> nothing from me

 15:53 <eslerm_> I'm flex on dh-python--I'll discuss with sarnold

 15:54 <slyon> thanks. Please update the bug report accordingly once you have consensus. Then we (foundations) can follow up and potentially get this promoted

 15:54 <eslerm_> can do

 15:54 <slyon> Cool.

 15:54 <slyon> I guess that's all then today.

 15:54 <slyon> have a good day!

 15:54 <sarnold> thanks slyon, all :)

 15:54 <didrocks> thanks sarnold, all!

 15:54 <eslerm_> \o/ thanks slyon, bye all

 15:54 <slyon> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)