== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team meeting, started by juliank, 14 Dec at 16:01 &mdash; 16:34 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2023/ubuntu-meeting.2023-12-14-16.01.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning rounds ===

Discussion started by juliank at 16:01.

 * ''LINK:'' https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/foundations-team-updates-thursday-14-december-2023/   (juliank, 16:02)

=== Release incoming bugs ===

Discussion started by juliank at 16:16.

 * ''LINK:'' http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-nn-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs   (juliank, 16:16)

=== AOB ===

Discussion started by juliank at 16:21.




== People present (lines said) ==

 * juliank (31)
 * schopin (15)
 * ginggs (7)
 * bdmurray (6)
 * dviererbe (5)
 * cpete (4)
 * ravikant_ (3)
 * meetingology (2)
 * adrien (1)
 * zhsj (1)
 * Skia (1)
 * upils (1)
 * enr0n (1)
 * dbungert (1)
 * cpaelzer (1)



== Full log ==


 16:01 <juliank> #startmeeting Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team

 16:01 <meetingology> Meeting started at 16:01:36 UTC.  The chair is juliank.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 16:01 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 16:01 <juliank> #topic Lightning rounds

 16:01 <adrien> \o

 16:01 <schopin> o/

 16:01 <zhsj> o/

 16:01 <dviererbe> o/

 16:02 <juliank> #link https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/foundations-team-updates-thursday-14-december-2023/

 16:02 <juliank> 8 minutes left to -write- read

 16:04 <Skia> o/

 16:07 <upils> o/

 16:07 <schopin> dviererbe: browsing through the sphinx starter kit issue, looks like what you guys need to express levels of coupling matching with Depends, Recommends and Suggests in Debian packaging :)

 16:08 <juliank> I also (re) discovered ruff and am wondering if I should switch my autoflake/black/pyupgrade/isort workflow to that instead. So much faster.

 16:08 <dviererbe> schopin: Haven't thought of that

 16:08 <juliank> Slight formatting differences vs black but not a lot

 16:09 <dviererbe> would still be a pain to make sure that the enhancements are working with ancient/non-existing versions

 16:09 <bdmurray> cpete: what about python-secretstorage?

 16:09 <schopin> dviererbe: sure, but at least it would make your life easier, since package builds ignore Recommends :)

 16:10 <schopin> So you could actually *package* the starter kit, which sounds like a good idea to me.

 16:10 <cpete> bdmurray: Sorry my report got botched editing it. Working on fixing vorta's autopkgtests so python-secretstorage can get out of proposed-migrations

 16:10 <juliank> Oh we can extend reading time by 5 minutes

 16:11 <juliank> We only have 1 bug to discuss and there isn't much point doing proposed-migration today

 16:11 <bdmurray> That's a defeatist attitude

 16:11 <juliank> heh

 16:11 <ravikant_> schopin: "would have uploaded it but it now FTBFSes" How can I help?

 16:12 <schopin> I wanna say "fix it"

 16:12 <schopin> More seriously I think it's linked to the new build flags, so maybe ask doko about it?

 16:13 <ravikant_> where can I see the logs?

 16:13 <dviererbe> schopin: true, I just think that we do not need some of the dependencies for a package, as you do not need a link preview or redirects locally. This is only interesting for ReadTheDocs, but your bring me to an interesting Idea to also upstream our  packaging templates into the starter pack, so other doumentation projects could reuse it

 16:13 <schopin> ravikant_: it was a local build, I should probably try in a PPA to make sure, you're right.

 16:14 <schopin> too many irons in the fire at the moment, hard to follow through :/

 16:14 <dviererbe> :D

 16:15 <schopin> liushuyu: re the versioned package, could you make sure I have everything available by your EOD so that I can review and upload it tomorrow?

 16:15 <ravikant_> schopin: There is a ppa link in the MR. I'll update it.

 16:15 <juliank> everyone happy?

 16:16 <juliank> #topic Release incoming bugs

 16:16 <juliank> #link http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-nn-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 16:16 <juliank> We only care about bug 2046356

 16:16 <juliank> We can do that, I don't know if the pro team wanted to upload it themselves, but either way it's trivial

 16:17 <enr0n> I tagged because I thought they were asking for us to do it, but that would be good to clarify

 16:18 <bdmurray> They asked in some MM channel about who maintains the package

 16:18 <bdmurray> As if it were a specific developer

 16:18 <schopin> Implying we should do it, I guess.

 16:19 <juliank> We can do it I guess we have more uploaders

 16:19 <juliank> :D

 16:19 <schopin> Seems simple enough, too. (famous last words)

 16:20 <juliank> cpaelzer: do let us know if updating base-files url from advantage to pro was something pro people wanted to do (maybe sponsoring record or whatever)

 16:20 <juliank> I also pinged Lucas on MM fwiw

 16:20 <juliank> So rls-mm-incoming only has the two bugs for desktop and the rest is empty

 16:21 <juliank> proposed-migration we'll skip, if you have spare cycles go pick yourself a random one

 16:21 <juliank> but with 1-2 days left it doesn't make much sense

 16:21 <juliank> (to assign)

 16:21 <juliank> #topic AOB

 16:21 <dbungert> 2 weeks ago python3-defaults was mentioned, what's happening there?

 16:22 <juliank> Debian is doing the transition too and we let the fixes roll in more or less

 16:22 <schopin> I think it has kept ginggs busy

 16:22 <juliank> I think just retrying that after the break may be useful

 16:22 <juliank> or mid-break if anyone is at a machine :D

 16:23 <ginggs> feel free to look at https://bugs.debian.org/cgi-bin/pkgreport.cgi?tag=python3.12&users=debian-python@lists.debian.org

 16:23 <ginggs> you should have no trouble finding sponsors for uploads to debian

 16:24 <cpete> is the process similar in debian?

 16:24 <cpaelzer> thank you juliank, I sayid to Lucas he should prep the upload as training simple packaging. If it is foundations or server core-devs then review&sponsors I do not mind. Expect noble soon but SRUs of the same only next year

 16:24 <cpete> for sponsorship I mean

 16:25 <schopin> cpete: not really, but we have several people in Foundations that are part of the Python team that can sponsor for you.

 16:25 <ginggs> probably best to ask in # debian-python on OFTC

 16:25 <cpete> ack, thanks schopin and ginggs

 16:25 <juliank> cpaelzer: ack

 16:26 <ginggs> or mail debian-python @ lists.debian.org

 16:27 <ginggs> debian don't really have a thing like our sponsor queue

 16:27 <schopin> Are mentors.debian.net and RFS emails not a thing anymore?

 16:28 * schopin does *not* miss that process.

 16:28 <ginggs> they still are

 16:29 <ginggs> but you're likely to get a quicker response from the python team

 16:29 <juliank> I'd say ping me, but I'd be surprised if I were in debina-python team

 16:29 <juliank> :D

 16:30 <juliank> I also was in the GNOME team at some point

 16:32 <bdmurray> aob?

 16:34 <bdmurray> juliank: ?

 16:34 <juliank> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)