== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Technical Board meeting, started by sil2100, 28 Mar at 19:02 &mdash; 19:13 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2023/ubuntu-meeting.2023-03-28-19.02.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== Action review ===

Discussion started by sil2100 at 19:02.

 * ''ACTION:'' amurray to propose amended Ubuntu Backporters Team Charter - feedback from other TB members welcome  (sil2100, 19:04)
 * ''ACTION:'' seb128 to help draft an exception to the "must build on all architectures" requirement for snaps  (sil2100, 19:04)
 * ''ACTION:'' seb128/amurray/sil200 to help drafting the snap-store Ubuntu-specific tracks usage  (sil2100, 19:04)
 * ''ACTION:'' rbasak to raise any on-going blockers with third-party seeded snap security policy  (sil2100, 19:05)
 * ''ACTION:'' sil2100 to start a draft summarizing the OEM archive portion of the meeting which x-nox and TB will review, edit, and ratify before we move on to figuring out the next step  (sil2100, 19:05)
 * ''ACTION:'' rbasak to draft a proposal of the DMB-proposed inactivity expiration policy for TB ratification  (sil2100, 19:06)
 * ''ACTION:'' rbasak to create initial bugs against the LP techboard project to track third party repo and DMB expiration policies  (sil2100, 19:06)

=== Scan the mailing list archive for anything we missed (standing item) ===

Discussion started by sil2100 at 19:06.

 * ''ACTION:'' sil2100 to follow up on the Ubuntu Cinnamon flavor addition thread and announce their official status  (sil2100, 19:09)

=== Check up on community bugs and techboard bugs ===

Discussion started by sil2100 at 19:09.


=== Select a chair for the next meeting ===

Discussion started by sil2100 at 19:10.


=== AOB ===

Discussion started by sil2100 at 19:10.




== Action items, by person ==

 * amurray
  * amurray to propose amended Ubuntu Backporters Team Charter - feedback from other TB members welcome
  * seb128/amurray/sil200 to help drafting the snap-store Ubuntu-specific tracks usage
 * seb128
  * seb128 to help draft an exception to the "must build on all architectures" requirement for snaps
  * seb128/amurray/sil200 to help drafting the snap-store Ubuntu-specific tracks usage
 * sil2100
  * sil2100 to start a draft summarizing the OEM archive portion of the meeting which x-nox and TB will review, edit, and ratify before we move on to figuring out the next step
  * sil2100 to follow up on the Ubuntu Cinnamon flavor addition thread and announce their official status
 * **UNASSIGNED**
  * rbasak to raise any on-going blockers with third-party seeded snap security policy
  * rbasak to draft a proposal of the DMB-proposed inactivity expiration policy for TB ratification
  * rbasak to create initial bugs against the LP techboard project to track third party repo and DMB expiration policies



== People present (lines said) ==

 * sil2100 (41)
 * meetingology (10)
 * amurray (5)
 * seb128 (3)
 * arraybolt3 (1)



== Full log ==


 19:02 <sil2100> #startmeeting Technical Board

 19:02 <meetingology> Meeting started at 19:02:11 UTC.  The chair is sil2100.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 19:02 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 19:02 <sil2100> #topic Action review

 19:02 <sil2100> amurray to propose amended Ubuntu Backporters Team Charter

 19:02 <seb128> and on my side I've been struggling to keep up with ongoing work for lunar so didn't have time to work on pending items

 19:03 <sil2100> I guess that's still in flight

 19:03 <amurray> re the backports charter - this is slowly progressing but it would be good to perhaps have input from other TB members

 19:03 <sil2100> Yeah, I think we'll just go through the action items and I imagine they'll all be similar

 19:03 <sil2100> amurray: noted!

 19:03 <sil2100> I'll carry over and add asking if others can chip in

 19:04 <amurray> thank - latest is in https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/technical-board/2023-March/002723.html

 19:04 <sil2100> #action amurray to propose amended Ubuntu Backporters Team Charter - feedback from other TB members welcome

 19:04 * meetingology amurray to propose amended Ubuntu Backporters Team Charter - feedback from other TB members welcome

 19:04 <sil2100> I guess the two next ones are also carry over per what seb128 mentioned

 19:04 <sil2100> #action seb128 to help draft an exception to the "must build on all architectures" requirement for snaps

 19:04 * meetingology seb128 to help draft an exception to the "must build on all architectures" requirement for snaps

 19:04 <sil2100> #action seb128/amurray/sil200 to help drafting the snap-store Ubuntu-specific tracks usage

 19:04 * meetingology seb128/amurray/sil200 to help drafting the snap-store Ubuntu-specific tracks usage

 19:05 <sil2100> Same for the next one from Robie

 19:05 <sil2100> #action rbasak to raise any on-going blockers with third-party seeded snap security policy

 19:05 * meetingology rbasak to raise any on-going blockers with third-party seeded snap security policy

 19:05 <sil2100> sil2100 to start a draft summarizing the OEM archive portion of the meeting which x-nox and TB will review, edit, and ratify before we move on to figuring out the next step

 19:05 <sil2100> ...sadly, also a carry over. But the good news is, I understand the OEM bits a bit more than in the past due to recent work done

 19:05 <sil2100> Still, that didn't help getting this moving forward

 19:05 <sil2100> #action sil2100 to start a draft summarizing the OEM archive portion of the meeting which x-nox and TB will review, edit, and ratify before we move on to figuring out the next step

 19:05 * meetingology sil2100 to start a draft summarizing the OEM archive portion of the meeting which x-nox and TB will review, edit, and ratify before we move on to figuring out the next step

 19:06 <sil2100> And the last two ones carry over too per Robie's earlier message:

 19:06 <sil2100> #action rbasak to draft a proposal of the DMB-proposed inactivity expiration policy for TB ratification

 19:06 * meetingology rbasak to draft a proposal of the DMB-proposed inactivity expiration policy for TB ratification

 19:06 <sil2100> #action rbasak to create initial bugs against the LP techboard project to track third party repo and DMB expiration policies

 19:06 * meetingology rbasak to create initial bugs against the LP techboard project to track third party repo and DMB expiration policies

 19:06 <sil2100> #topic Scan the mailing list archive for anything we missed (standing item)

 19:07 <sil2100> There's the Ubuntu Cinnamon application for flavor status

 19:07 <sil2100> The release team approved their addition and they're all added to the machinery

 19:07 <sil2100> We have 4 +1's, so I guess it's enough?

 19:08 <sil2100> And yes, the +1 was generally from the whole release team. There were no objections to this

 19:08 <sil2100> Can I add an action item to announce their addition to the flavors?

 19:08 <amurray> sounds good to me

 19:09 <sil2100> #action sil2100 to follow up on the Ubuntu Cinnamon flavor addition thread and announce their official status

 19:09 * meetingology sil2100 to follow up on the Ubuntu Cinnamon flavor addition thread and announce their official status

 19:09 <seb128> +1

 19:09 <sil2100> #topic Check up on community bugs and techboard bugs

 19:09 <sil2100> Empty

 19:10 <sil2100> #topic Select a chair for the next meeting

 19:10 <sil2100> I guess that would be amurray and rbasak as backup

 19:10 <amurray> ack

 19:10 <sil2100> \o/

 19:10 <sil2100> #topic AOB

 19:10 <sil2100> Anything we'd like to discuss?

 19:11 <sil2100> Nothing from my side for sure, my only concern was related to Cinnamon

 19:11 <seb128> sil2100 on the award of the most efficient meeting ever ;-)

 19:11 <arraybolt3> Teleport ItzSwirlz into the room about five minutes ago? :P

 19:11 <sil2100> amurray: we'll let him know by e-mail!

 19:11 <sil2100> ;)

 19:11 <sil2100> I mean, arraybolt3

 19:11 <sil2100> (I'm too fast in my tab completion)

 19:12 <sil2100> Ok, apologies for this speedrun, but if there is no other AOB, let's call it a wrap!

 19:13 <amurray> all good - a quick meeting is a good meeting :)

 19:13 <sil2100> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)