== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Developer Membership Board meeting, started by utkarsh2102, 24 Jul at 16:10 &mdash; 16:42 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2023/ubuntu-meeting.2023-07-24-16.10.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== Ubuntu Contributing Developer ===

Discussion started by utkarsh2102 at 16:11.

 * '''Heather Ellsworth'''  (utkarsh2102, 16:11)
  * ''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/hellsworth/ContributingDeveloperApplication   (utkarsh2102, 16:11)
  * ''ACTION:'' bdmurray to offer a beer (or any other preferred beverage choice) to hellsworth at the next sprints. :)  (utkarsh2102, 16:33)
  * ''VOTE:'' Heather Ellsworth to become an Ubuntu Contributing Developer (Carried)  (utkarsh2102, 16:40)
  * ''ACTION:'' Utkarsh to add hellsworth to appropriate team  (utkarsh2102, 16:41)



== Vote results ==

 * [[https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2023/ubuntu-meeting.2023-07-24-16.10.log.html#39|Heather Ellsworth to become an Ubuntu Contributing Developer]]
  * Motion carried (For: 3, Against: 0, Abstained: 0)
   * Voters: utkarsh2102, utkarsh2102, bdmurray, sil2100



== Action items, by person ==

 * bdmurray
  * bdmurray to offer a beer (or any other preferred beverage choice) to hellsworth at the next sprints. :)
 * hellsworth
  * bdmurray to offer a beer (or any other preferred beverage choice) to hellsworth at the next sprints. :)
  * Utkarsh to add hellsworth to appropriate team



== People present (lines said) ==

 * utkarsh2102 (34)
 * hellsworth (28)
 * meetingology (13)
 * bdmurray (7)
 * sil2100 (2)



== Full log ==


 16:10 <utkarsh2102> #startmeeting Developer Membership Board

 16:10 <meetingology> Meeting started at 16:10:30 UTC.  The chair is utkarsh2102.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 16:10 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 16:10 <utkarsh2102> hey!

 16:10 <utkarsh2102> letâ€™s start

 16:11 <utkarsh2102> #topic Ubuntu Contributing Developer

 16:11 <utkarsh2102> #subtopic Heather Ellsworth

 16:11 <utkarsh2102> #link https://wiki.ubuntu.com/hellsworth/ContributingDeveloperApplication

 16:11 <hellsworth> Hi everyone

 16:11 <utkarsh2102> hellsworth: hey, are you around?

 16:12 <hellsworth> indeed I am :)

 16:12 <hellsworth> thank you for considering my application

 16:12 <utkarsh2102> hi! can you introduce yourself please?

 16:12 <hellsworth> oh sure!

 16:14 <hellsworth> Hello, I'm Heather Ellsworth (hellsworth) and I've been on the desktop team for 3 years. I have focused most of my time on snap things and I help maintain around 40 gnome related snaps. I've also submitted and maintain gnome-shell-extension-manager  and 2 of its dependencies in debian, for ubuntu to sync. I've also done some Ubuntu community facing things too: I've been hosting the Ubuntu dekstop team indabas for a little over 2 years. And

 16:14 <hellsworth> I've written some technical blog posts on snap things, and Ubuntu Summit blog posts.

 16:15 <utkarsh2102> absolutely impressive!

 16:15 <utkarsh2102> Iâ€™ll open the floor for questions

 16:15 <hellsworth> ask away

 16:19 <sil2100> Reading all the endorsements, I have no questions myself

 16:19 <utkarsh2102> hellsworth: why didnâ€™t you go for upload rights straightaway?

 16:19 <utkarsh2102> also what dâ€™you plan on doing after becoming a Ubuntu Contributing dev?

 16:19 <bdmurray> hellsworth: Just out of curiousity are any of the sanps you maintain seeded?

 16:19 <hellsworth> Well I haven't really been blocked on needing upload rights. My packages have been sponsored in a reasonable amount of time.

 16:20 <hellsworth> Well I have worked significantly on the gnome-38-2204-sdk and platform snap. The platform snap is seeded on releases prior to lunar. I've continued to help out on the gnome-42-2204-sdk and its platform snap is seeded on lunar+

 16:21 <hellsworth> the gnome-calculator snap I believe is still seeded

 16:21 <hellsworth> we are looking at maybe seeding simple-scan for core-desktop, which I've just gotten updated and working so it is ready for seeding as well.

 16:22 <hellsworth> After becoming an Ubuntu Contributing dev, I really plan on doing the same things.

 16:22 <hellsworth> I would like to use an ubuntu email address for commits because I think it would be more community centric, instead of using a canonical email address.

 16:22 <utkarsh2102> gotcha!

 16:24 <hellsworth> While I enjoy working on snaps, I really enjoy deb packaging as well becuase it is more challenging. So my future plans include continuing to improve my skillset there and work towards becoming a debian maintainer, and Jeremy my mentor says I'm ready for that. I wanted to get through this process first though.

 16:25 <hellsworth> I would like to contribute more towards deb packaging and become a good +1 maintainer.

 16:25 <utkarsh2102> I swear we need that!

 16:25 <hellsworth> One day, I'd like to be a core dev but I'm not rushing it. I need more experience first.

 16:25 <utkarsh2102> anyway, Iâ€™m already good to vote and donâ€™t have any questions

 16:26 <utkarsh2102> bdmurray, sil2100: any more questions?

 16:26 <bdmurray> not from me

 16:28 <utkarsh2102> okay, letâ€™s proceed

 16:29 <utkarsh2102> #vote Heather Ellsworth to become an Ubuntu Contributing Developer

 16:29 <meetingology> Please vote on: Heather Ellsworth to become an Ubuntu Contributing Developer

 16:29 <meetingology> Public votes can be registered by saying +1, -1 or +0 in channel (for private voting, private message me with 'vote +1|-1|+0 #channelname')

 16:30 <utkarsh2102> +1; absolutely love the work she has done, look forward to seeing her become core dev soon!

 16:30 <meetingology> +1; absolutely love the work she has done, look forward to seeing her become core dev soon! received from utkarsh2102

 16:30 <utkarsh2102> +1 from rbasak, too. He proxied his vote to me, he isnâ€™t feeling well.

 16:30 <meetingology> +1 from rbasak, too. He proxied his vote to me, he isnâ€™t feeling well. received from utkarsh2102

 16:30 <utkarsh2102> bdmurray, sil2100^

 16:31 <bdmurray> +1 as I mentioned in my endorsement I'm surprised he isn't already a contributing developer and look forward to seeing her involved in +1 maintenance

 16:31 <meetingology> +1 as I mentioned in my endorsement I'm surprised he isn't already a contributing developer and look forward to seeing her involved in +1 maintenance received from bdmurray

 16:31 <hellsworth> she*

 16:32 <bdmurray> Ah yes, I'm sorry bad typing!

 16:33 <bdmurray> I did say her later

 16:33 <hellsworth> np. just you know, for the record :)

 16:33 <hellsworth> fair

 16:33 <utkarsh2102> #action bdmurray to offer a beer (or any other preferred beverage choice) to hellsworth at the next sprints. :)

 16:33 * meetingology bdmurray to offer a beer (or any other preferred beverage choice) to hellsworth at the next sprints. :)

 16:33 <hellsworth> haha I gladly accept a beer!

 16:34 <sil2100> +1

 16:34 <meetingology> +1 received from sil2100

 16:34 <utkarsh2102> sil2100^^!!!! :D

 16:37 <utkarsh2102> booking my flights to Poland to go knock on sil2100â€™s door. (:

 16:38 <hellsworth> he voted, just above

 16:39 <utkarsh2102> wait, what? Why do I not see it?

 16:39 <hellsworth> <sil2100> +1

 16:39 <hellsworth> <meetingology> +1 received from sil2100

 16:39 <hellsworth> <utkarsh2102> sil2100^^!!!! :D

 16:39 <utkarsh2102> did meetingology record it?

 16:39 <hellsworth> thats what i see

 16:39 <utkarsh2102> ah, cool. I donâ€™t see it

 16:39 <utkarsh2102> sorry

 16:40 <utkarsh2102> #endvote

 16:40 <meetingology> Voting ended on: Heather Ellsworth to become an Ubuntu Contributing Developer

 16:40 <meetingology> Votes for: 3, Votes against: 0, Abstentions: 0

 16:40 <meetingology> Motion carried

 16:40 <hellsworth> np. technology hiccups happen :P

 16:40 <utkarsh2102> yay, congratulations hellsworth! ðŸŽ‰

 16:40 <hellsworth> \o/ yay thanks everyone!

 16:41 <utkarsh2102> alright, everyone seems busy so Iâ€™ll just end this

 16:41 <hellsworth> thanks!

 16:41 <utkarsh2102> #action Utkarsh to add hellsworth to appropriate team

 16:41 * meetingology Utkarsh to add hellsworth to appropriate team

 16:41 <bdmurray> thanks utkarsh2102

 16:42 <utkarsh2102> after finding the right one that is :)

 16:42 <bdmurray> congratulations hellsworth!

 16:42 <utkarsh2102> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)