== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team meeting, started by juliank, 05 Oct at 15:00 &mdash; 15:27 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2023/ubuntu-meeting.2023-10-05-15.00.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning rounds ===

Discussion started by juliank at 15:00.

 * ''LINK:'' https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/foundations-team-updates-thursday-05-oct-2023/   (juliank, 15:01)

=== Release incoming bugs ===

Discussion started by juliank at 15:11.

 * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-mm-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs   (juliank, 15:11)
 * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ll-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs   (juliank, 15:18)
 * ''LINK:'' https://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-jj-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs   (juliank, 15:19)
 * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ff-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs   (juliank, 15:19)

=== Team proposed-migration report ===

Discussion started by juliank at 15:19.

 * ''LINK:'' https://ubuntu-archive-team.ubuntu.com/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs   (juliank, 15:19)

=== AOB ===

Discussion started by juliank at 15:24.




== People present (lines said) ==

 * juliank (48)
 * schopin (7)
 * enr0n (5)
 * dbungert (3)
 * meetingology (2)
 * mateus-morais (2)
 * liushuyu (2)
 * mclemenceau_ (1)
 * dviererbe (1)
 * pushkarnk (1)
 * rkratky__ (1)



== Full log ==


 15:00 <juliank> #startmeeting Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team

 15:00 <meetingology> Meeting started at 15:00:53 UTC.  The chair is juliank.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 15:00 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 15:00 <juliank> #topic Lightning rounds

 15:01 <juliank> #link https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/foundations-team-updates-thursday-05-oct-2023/

 15:01 <mateus-morais> o/

 15:01 <liushuyu> o/

 15:01 <schopin> o/

 15:01 <dbungert> o/

 15:01 <juliank> I keep not managing to write status, weeks fly by too fast and so much weirdness

 15:01 <mclemenceau_> o/

 15:02 <dviererbe> o/

 15:02 <schopin> juliank: same.

 15:03 <dbungert> rkratky__: for release day and subiquity docs, should we still do the discourse update in the old format and follow up when we can for RTD?

 15:04 <pushkarnk> o/

 15:05 <rkratky__> @dbungert I suppose since the RTD version isn't ready yet.

 15:05 <dbungert> that's just fine.  We'll follow old process for the moment.

 15:11 <juliank> #topic Release incoming bugs

 15:11 <juliank> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-mm-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 15:11 <schopin> adrien: fyi I've put your openssl SRU near the top of my current TODO list. If anyone gets to it before me though, great :)

 15:11 <juliank> bug 2036968

 15:11 <juliank> this was fixed in the kenrel?

 15:12 <juliank> ah kernel works aroudn it

 15:12 <enr0n> Yeah, I think this could still be worth addressing in SRU, but it's no longer an immediate need for us to fix

 15:12 <juliank> it's also already tagged todo

 15:12 <juliank> but also still incoming

 15:12 <enr0n> I confirmed internally that it's appropriate for us to de-prioritize

 15:13 <juliank> so no foundations-todo?

 15:13 <enr0n> I'd prefer to keep foundations-todo, but remove rls-mm-incoming and drop to Medium

 15:13 <juliank> ok

 15:13 <juliank> done

 15:14 <juliank> bug 2033440 is not for us

 15:14 <juliank> bug 2038292

 15:14 <juliank> not really anything to do for us either

 15:14 <juliank> just not turn on the upgrades

 15:15 <juliank> or disable upgrades only if that package is installed in u-r-u

 15:16 <schopin> does ubuntu-drivers change the version of nvidia-drivers in some circumstances in u-r-u?

 15:16 <juliank> I'm not sure if xnox tagged it incoming for us or for kernel procedures :D

 15:16 <juliank> I guess it could upgrade them?

 15:16 <juliank> Either way, it's not urgent for the release, it can be quirked at any time by a hook

 15:16 <schopin> if so we need to prevent upgrade for any nvidia user then :)

 15:17 <juliank> so we can circle back to that later

 15:18 <juliank> bug 2037894 is Incomplete, so we'll ignore it :)

 15:18 <juliank> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ll-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 15:18 <juliank> empty

 15:19 <juliank> #link https://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-jj-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 15:19 <juliank> bug 1990798 is still incomplete, skip

 15:19 <juliank> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ff-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 15:19 <juliank> empty!

 15:19 <juliank> #topic Team proposed-migration report

 15:19 <juliank> #link https://ubuntu-archive-team.ubuntu.com/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs

 15:20 <juliank> s390-tools is in progress

 15:20 <juliank> glibc vs scipy, one regression :D

 15:20 <schopin> glibc is with me (and ginggs I guess :P)

 15:21 <juliank> python3.11 and setuptools are waiting for results

 15:21 <juliank> ubiquity (23.10.6 to 23.10.7) FTBFS on s390x

 15:22 <juliank> debian/iso-codes/gu.po:1085: keyword "m" unknown

 15:22 <juliank> debian/iso-codes/gu.po:1085:2: syntax error

 15:22 <juliank> why only on s390x aargh`

 15:23 <liushuyu> juliank: I can take a look

 15:23 <schopin> shot in the dark: endianness!

 15:23 <juliank> liushuyu: ubiquity

 15:23 <juliank> and enr0n, systemd is blocking network-manager

 15:23 <juliank> it fails in test-lxd, maybe you want to have a look

 15:23 <enr0n> juliank: ack, I will take a look

 15:24 <juliank> and that's it for proposed migration

 15:24 <juliank> #topic AOB

 15:24 <juliank> any other business?

 15:24 <mateus-morais> I'm off Thu and Fri next week

 15:25 <juliank> I might also take Thu-Wed off or something like that, except for a meeting on Tuesday but well it is what it is

 15:25 <enr0n> Monday is US holiday I think

 15:25 <juliank> Gotta visit the little cat and play :D

 15:27 <juliank> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)