== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status meeting, started by cpaelzer, 03 Jan at 15:34 &mdash; 15:48 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2023/ubuntu-meeting.2023-01-03-15.34.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== current component mismatches ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 15:34.

 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg   (cpaelzer, 15:34)
 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg   (cpaelzer, 15:34)

=== New MIRs ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 15:41.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=NEW&field.status%3Alist=CONFIRMED&assignee_option=none&field.assignee=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (cpaelzer, 15:41)

=== Incomplete bugs / questions ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 15:42.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (cpaelzer, 15:42)

=== MIR related Security Review Queue ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 15:43.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-security/+bugs?field.searchtext=%5BMIR%5D&assignee_option=choose&field.assignee=ubuntu-security&field.bug_reporter=&field.bug_commenter=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (cpaelzer, 15:43)
 * ''LINK:'' https://warthogs.atlassian.net/jira/software/c/projects/SEC/boards/594   (cpaelzer, 15:43)

=== Any other business? ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 15:46.




== People present (lines said) ==

 * cpaelzer (65)
 * sarnold (13)
 * slyon (6)
 * didrocks (4)
 * joalif (3)
 * meetingology (2)



== Full log ==


 15:34 <cpaelzer> #startmeeting Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status

 15:34 <meetingology> Meeting started at 15:34:06 UTC.  The chair is cpaelzer.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 15:34 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 15:34 <cpaelzer> ok let us get started then

 15:34 <cpaelzer> Ping for MIR meeting - didrocks joalif slyon sarnold cpaelzer jamespage

 15:34 <cpaelzer> #topic current component mismatches

 15:34 <cpaelzer> Mission: Identify required actions and spread the load among the teams

 15:34 <cpaelzer> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg

 15:34 <cpaelzer> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg

 15:34 <cpaelzer> let us check what the syncs over the year did to mismatches

 15:34 <cpaelzer> hmm, not much yet

 15:35 <cpaelzer> polkit is a new version and needs duktape

 15:35 <cpaelzer> but that is known

 15:35 <cpaelzer> bad that it is still a stub, is it really?

 15:36 <cpaelzer> didrocks: could you ask internally if Desktop wants to own it, it is self-incomplete atm

 15:36 <cpaelzer> actually jbicha might be around to answer himself

 15:37 <sarnold> good morning

 15:37 <cpaelzer> hi sarnold

 15:37 <cpaelzer> welcome to 2023 to all of you BTW

 15:37 <sarnold> hey cpaelzer, slyon, joalif :)

 15:37 <cpaelzer> the other thing I see in mismatches to think about is jaraco

 15:37 <cpaelzer> This rings a bell as if it was around before

 15:37 <cpaelzer> does one remember

 15:37 <slyon> Yes, we had it last cycle. jamespage took care of it.

 15:38 <slyon> presumably those are new dependencies?

 15:38 <cpaelzer> yep

 15:38 <cpaelzer> checked and came to the same conclusion

 15:38 <cpaelzer> but it is self-contained at least

 15:38 <cpaelzer> jamespage: coreycb: ^^ could one of you have a look?

 15:40 <sarnold> "To report a security vulnerability, please use the Tidelift security contact. Tidelift will coordinate the fix and disclosure."  promising :)

 15:40 <cpaelzer> sarnold: in what context does this answer fit?

 15:40 <didrocks> (back)

 15:40 <didrocks> cpaelzer: Iâ€™ll poke

 15:40 <sarnold> cpaelzer: I was curious what jaraco.text was, https://github.com/jaraco/jaraco.text

 15:41 <cpaelzer> thanks didrocks

 15:41 <cpaelzer> let us go on then

 15:41 <cpaelzer> #topic New MIRs

 15:41 <sarnold> hey didrocks :)

 15:41 <cpaelzer> Mission: ensure to assign all incoming reviews for fast processing

 15:41 <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=NEW&field.status%3Alist=CONFIRMED&assignee_option=none&field.assignee=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 15:42 <didrocks> (hey hey, and happy new year!)

 15:42 <cpaelzer> none

 15:42 <cpaelzer> really

 15:42 <cpaelzer> great

 15:42 <cpaelzer> #topic Incomplete bugs / questions

 15:42 <cpaelzer> Mission: Identify required actions and spread the load among the teams

 15:42 <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 15:42 <cpaelzer> the only recent update was duktape which we aske about above already

 15:43 <slyon> didrocks, all: happy new year!

 15:43 <cpaelzer> actually can we get internationalization on this package duktape is called differently everwhere

 15:43 <cpaelzer> #topic MIR related Security Review Queue

 15:43 <cpaelzer> Mission: Check on progress, do deadlines seem doable?

 15:43 <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-security/+bugs?field.searchtext=%5BMIR%5D&assignee_option=choose&field.assignee=ubuntu-security&field.bug_reporter=&field.bug_commenter=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 15:43 <cpaelzer> Internal link

 15:43 <cpaelzer> - ensure your teams items are prioritized among each other as you'd expect

 15:43 <cpaelzer> - ensure community requests do not get stomped by teams calling for favors too much

 15:43 <cpaelzer> #link https://warthogs.atlassian.net/jira/software/c/projects/SEC/boards/594

 15:43 <cpaelzer> sarnold: this is your moment to tell us you really got people helping you

 15:43 <sarnold> cpaelzer: I've been assured that there will be people available to help me :)

 15:44 <cpaelzer> Since we only start the year that is fine

 15:44 <cpaelzer> but by next week we need some hard evidence I guess :-)

 15:44 <sarnold> yes :)

 15:44 <cpaelzer> I'm afraid otherwis this will be fought on your back which I do not want to happen

 15:44 <sarnold> nor do I

 15:44 <sarnold> that hasn't worked great, historically

 15:45 <cpaelzer> that is why I'm asking allt he time and early

 15:45 <cpaelzer> let us do the basic math to set expecations

 15:45 <cpaelzer> 23 to do (some started)

 15:46 <cpaelzer> 7 weeks to FF

 15:46 <cpaelzer> 3.28 reviews completed per week

 15:46 <cpaelzer> and assuming you might have none done by next week this quickly becomes much

 15:46 <slyon> (assuming no new ones will be added)

 15:46 <cpaelzer> use that to yell for help as mcuh as you can sarnold

 15:46 <cpaelzer> indeed slyon

 15:46 <sarnold> full ack

 15:46 <cpaelzer> ok enough

 15:46 <cpaelzer> #topic Any other business?

 15:47 <sarnold> happy new year :)

 15:47 <cpaelzer> I think we had our happy new year greetings and a calm meeting

 15:47 <cpaelzer> anything else?

 15:47 <cpaelzer> (not from me today)

 15:47 <slyon> :)

 15:47 <didrocks> nothing from me either :)

 15:47 <joalif> nothing either

 15:47 <slyon> none here. I think most of us have some reviews assigned from last year, which we can work on this week

 15:47 <joalif> happy new year all :)

 15:48 <cpaelzer> ok then, let us enjoy the calm start and delete some mails

 15:48 <sarnold> :)

 15:48 <cpaelzer> wish you all a non-panic start to the year

 15:48 <cpaelzer> closing this

 15:48 <sarnold> thanks cpaelzer, all

 15:48 <joalif> thanks cpaelzer, all :)

 15:48 <cpaelzer> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)