== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Technical Board meeting, started by vorlon, 14 Mar at 20:03 &mdash; 20:12 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2023/ubuntu-meeting.2023-03-14-20.03.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== Action review ===

Discussion started by vorlon at 20:03.


=== Scan the mailing list archive for anything we missed ===

Discussion started by vorlon at 20:08.

 * ''LINK:'' https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/technical-board/2023-March/thread.html   (vorlon, 20:08)

=== Apologies (out of order :P) ===

Discussion started by vorlon at 20:10.


=== Check up on community bugs and techboard bugs ===

Discussion started by vorlon at 20:10.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu-community/+bugs?field.assignee=techboard   (vorlon, 20:10)
 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/techboard   (vorlon, 20:11)

=== Select a chair for the next meeting ===

Discussion started by vorlon at 20:11.

 * sil2100 chair, amurray backup  (vorlon, 20:11)

=== AOB ===

Discussion started by vorlon at 20:11.




== People present (lines said) ==

 * vorlon (38)
 * seb128 (3)
 * meetingology (2)
 * rbasak (2)



== Full log ==


 20:03 <vorlon> #startmeeting Technical Board

 20:03 <meetingology> Meeting started at 20:03:42 UTC.  The chair is vorlon.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 20:03 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 20:03 <vorlon> #topic Action review

 20:03 * vorlon amurray to propose amended Ubuntu Backporters Team Charter

 20:04 <vorlon> amurray: are you there?

 20:04 <vorlon> carrying over

 20:04 * vorlon seb128 to help draft an exception to the "must build on all architectures" requirement for snaps

 20:04 <vorlon> seb128: any update?

 20:04 <seb128> still no progress there sorry

 20:04 <vorlon> ack, carrying over

 20:04 * vorlon seb128/amurray/sil200 to help drafting the snap-store Ubuntu-specific tracks usage

 20:04 <seb128> same...

 20:05 * vorlon rbasak to raise any on-going blockers with third-party seeded snap security policy

 20:05 <vorlon> rbasak: ?

 20:05 <vorlon> you said last week that this is waiting on you being back from leave, so I'll just assume carryover

 20:05 * vorlon sil2100 to start a draft summarizing the OEM archive portion of the meeting which x-nox and TB will review, edit, and ratify before we move on to figuring out the next step

 20:05 <vorlon> no sil2100

 20:05 * vorlon rbasak to draft a proposal of the DMB-proposed inactivity expiration policy for TB ratification

 20:06 <rbasak> Carry please

 20:06 <vorlon> ack

 20:06 * vorlon rbasak to create initial bugs against the LP techboard project to track third party repo and DMB expiration policies

 20:07 <rbasak> Carry please

 20:07 <vorlon> ack

 20:08 <vorlon> meanwhile I've updated the wiki page to at least point to https://bugs.launchpad.net/techboard

 20:08 <vorlon> #topic Scan the mailing list archive for anything we missed

 20:08 <vorlon> #link https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/technical-board/2023-March/thread.html

 20:09 <vorlon> there's some back-and-forth regarding the Backporters Team charter; hasn't closed out but there's at least discussion

 20:09 <vorlon> oh and I should've done the apologies as a topic, and also remembered that amurray said he wouldn't be here

 20:10 <vorlon> so as amurray had the action to work through that I don't think there's anything else on the mailing list requiring action from folks present

 20:10 <vorlon> #topic Apologies (out of order :P)

 20:10 <vorlon> amurray sent his apologies to the list

 20:10 <vorlon> #topic Check up on community bugs and techboard bugs

 20:10 <vorlon> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu-community/+bugs?field.assignee=techboard

 20:10 <vorlon> empty

 20:11 <vorlon> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/techboard

 20:11 <vorlon> empty

 20:11 <vorlon> #topic Select a chair for the next meeting

 20:11 <vorlon> standard rotation has it as sil2100 chair, amurray backup

 20:11 <vorlon> #info sil2100 chair, amurray backup

 20:11 <vorlon> #topic AOB

 20:11 <vorlon> anything to actually discuss, or is that the end of our pro forma meeting? :)

 20:12 <seb128> efficient meeting :p

 20:12 <vorlon> maybe I should've had more mulligatawny stew

 20:12 <vorlon> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)