== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status meeting, started by slyon, 10 Oct at 14:36 &mdash; 14:51 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2023/ubuntu-meeting.2023-10-10-14.36.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== current component mismatches ===

Discussion started by slyon at 14:36.

 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg   (slyon, 14:36)
 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg   (slyon, 14:36)

=== New MIRs ===

Discussion started by slyon at 14:37.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=NEW&field.status%3Alist=CONFIRMED&assignee_option=none&field.assignee=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (slyon, 14:37)

=== Incomplete bugs / questions ===

Discussion started by slyon at 14:37.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (slyon, 14:37)

=== Process/Documentation improvements ===

Discussion started by slyon at 14:40.

 * ''LINK:'' https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/pulls   (slyon, 14:40)
 * ''LINK:'' https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/issues   (slyon, 14:40)

=== MIR related Security Review Queue ===

Discussion started by slyon at 14:41.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-security/+bugs?field.searchtext=%5BMIR%5D&assignee_option=choose&field.assignee=ubuntu-security&field.bug_reporter=&field.bug_commenter=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (slyon, 14:41)
 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-security/+bugs?field.searchtext=[MIR]&assignee_option=choose&field.assignee=ubuntu-security&field.bug_reporter=&field.bug_commenter=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (slyon, 14:41)
 * ''LINK:'' https://warthogs.atlassian.net/jira/software/c/projects/SEC/boards/594   (slyon, 14:43)

=== Any other business? ===

Discussion started by slyon at 14:49.




== People present (lines said) ==

 * slyon (44)
 * cpaelzer (19)
 * eslerm (13)
 * meetingology (2)
 * joalif (1)



== Full log ==


 14:36 <slyon> #startmeeting Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status

 14:36 <meetingology> Meeting started at 14:36:08 UTC.  The chair is slyon.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 14:36 <slyon> Ping for MIR meeting - didrocks joalif slyon sarnold cpaelzer jamespage ( eslerm dviererbe )

 14:36 <slyon> #topic current component mismatches

 14:36 <slyon> Missio

 14:36 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 14:36 <slyon> Mission: Identify required actions and spread the load among the teams

 14:36 <slyon> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg

 14:36 <slyon> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg

 14:37 <slyon> This looks all very common. Mostly known false-positives. Except for jaraco.text, which apparently didn't make it this cycle, again. :(

 14:37 <slyon> #topic New MIRs

 14:37 <slyon> Mission: ensure to assign all incoming reviews for fast processing

 14:37 <slyon> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=NEW&field.status%3Alist=CONFIRMED&assignee_option=none&field.assignee=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 14:37 <slyon> empty.

 14:37 <cpaelzer> I'm here now, but not the full length

 14:37 <cpaelzer> thanks for driving the meeting slyon

 14:37 <slyon> #topic Incomplete bugs / questions

 14:37 <slyon> Mission: Identify required actions and spread the load among the teams

 14:37 <slyon> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 14:38 <slyon> going back one week 2023-10-03, we have only one update in bug #2023971

 14:38 * slyon reading

 14:39 <cpaelzer> I know that mirespace follows some leads I have given her

 14:39 <cpaelzer> which will cut down the list of packages needed a lot

 14:39 <cpaelzer> essentially she is trying to save us all 40 more MIR packages

 14:39 <slyon> nice!

 14:40 <slyon> Seems there are some clear next steps defined on her side

 14:40 <slyon> Nothing to do for us, right now.

 14:40 <slyon> #topic Process/Documentation improvements

 14:40 <slyon> Mission: Review pending process/documentation pull-requests or issues

 14:40 <slyon> #link https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/pulls

 14:40 <slyon> #link https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/issues

 14:40 <cpaelzer> PR is a draft and held back for better times

 14:41 <cpaelzer> the issues are also old news

 14:41 <cpaelzer> I think we can go on

 14:41 <slyon> ack.

 14:41 <slyon> #topic MIR related Security Review Queue

 14:41 <eslerm> Simon asked for clarification on when tools in main needed re-review, as we had fro s390-tools

 14:41 <slyon> Mission: Check on progress, do deadlines seem doable?

 14:41 <slyon> Some clients can only work with one, some with the other escaping - the URLs point to the same place.

 14:41 <slyon> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-security/+bugs?field.searchtext=%5BMIR%5D&assignee_option=choose&field.assignee=ubuntu-security&field.bug_reporter=&field.bug_commenter=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 14:41 <cpaelzer> eslerm: you know the discussion on re-review as a process

 14:41 <slyon> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-security/+bugs?field.searchtext=[MIR]&assignee_option=choose&field.assignee=ubuntu-security&field.bug_reporter=&field.bug_commenter=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 14:42 <cpaelzer> which has thoughts, but everyone saying "no resources for that, please do not add it atm"

 14:42 <slyon> eslerm: cpaelzer: and for s390-tools it was also a (hidden) component-mismatch

 14:42 <cpaelzer> the reason for s390-tools has been because it was a voluntary (appreciated) "there is a massive change"

 14:42 <slyon> as it was pulling in new non-reviewed dependencies. (even though vendored)

 14:42 <cpaelzer> exactly - ack to slyon

 14:43 <eslerm> thank you

 14:43 <slyon> Internal link

 14:43 <slyon> #link https://warthogs.atlassian.net/jira/software/c/projects/SEC/boards/594

 14:43 <slyon> So eslerm, do you want to give and update on the security review process?

 14:43 <cpaelzer> or rather s/process/progress/ :-)

 14:43 <eslerm> non-reviewed dependencies sounds like the whole process in general ?

 14:44 <cpaelzer> it is the whole process, but they could have sneaked them in as they would have been vendored

 14:44 <eslerm> Security doesn't have a great way to work through all vendoreded dependencies, rustc has ~700 and we can't review them all

 14:44 <cpaelzer> so the tooling would not have stopped them

 14:45 <cpaelzer> eslerm: you mean rustc itself has 700 other things?

 14:45 <eslerm> ah, understood, I'll add a task to the jira board above

 14:45 <eslerm> rustc/cargo has ~700 vendored packages

 14:46 <eslerm> issues in those packages should be tracked too

 14:46 <eslerm> rustc 1.70.0 has 532 folders in ./vendor/

 14:47 <slyon> I agree. I'll start a discussion at the next engineering sprint about having toolchain maintainers provide a set of "base" dependencies (tiny but ubiquitous) for their ecosystem and help maintaining them in "main". Hopefully that should cover many of those 532 folders

 14:48 <eslerm> thank you slyon

 14:48 <eslerm> overlap with rustc is appreciated

 14:48 <cpaelzer> which is one of the issues you see in github

 14:48 <cpaelzer> talk about these base sets

 14:48 <slyon> any other update from the security team?

 14:49 <eslerm> none, except s390-tools being ack'd last week

 14:49 <slyon> eslerm: Thanks and kudos. That's much appreciated! I know timing was very tight.

 14:49 <slyon> #topic Any other business?

 14:50 <slyon> cpaelzer: did you want to bring up anything?

 14:50 <cpaelzer> no

 14:50 <joalif> none

 14:50 <slyon> ok. Nothing from my side either.

 14:50 <eslerm> none

 14:50 <slyon> Alright. I guess that's it then for today.

 14:50 <slyon> thank you all!

 14:50 <eslerm> thanks slyon, all o/

 14:51 <slyon> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)