== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Developer Membership Board meeting, started by utkarsh2102, 21 Aug at 16:07 &mdash; 16:20 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2023/ubuntu-meeting.2023-08-21-16.07.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== review of action items ===

Discussion started by utkarsh2102 at 16:07.

 * '''rbasak to document the decision on Keeping IRC meetings moving'''  (utkarsh2102, 16:07)
  * ''ACTION:'' carried over  (utkarsh2102, 16:08)

=== AOB ===

Discussion started by utkarsh2102 at 16:08.




== People present (lines said) ==

 * utkarsh2102 (29)
 * rbasak (12)
 * bdmurray (4)
 * meetingology (3)
 * seb128 (3)
 * sil2100 (1)
 * kanashiro (1)



== Full log ==


 16:07 <utkarsh2102> #startmeeting Developer Membership Board

 16:07 <meetingology> Meeting started at 16:07:05 UTC.  The chair is utkarsh2102.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 16:07 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 16:07 <utkarsh2102> #topic review of action items

 16:07 <utkarsh2102> #subtopic rbasak to document the decision on Keeping IRC meetings moving

 16:07 <rbasak> Carry over please

 16:08 <utkarsh2102> rbasak: :)

 16:08 <utkarsh2102> gotcha

 16:08 <rbasak> If there's time after this meeting before the hour is up I'll do it then.

 16:08 <utkarsh2102> #action carried over

 16:08 * meetingology carried over

 16:08 <utkarsh2102> okay, I don't find anything else to mention now. Anything else?

 16:08 <utkarsh2102> #topic AOB

 16:08 <seb128> not from me

 16:09 <utkarsh2102> not from me either

 16:09 <sil2100> Nothing from me right now

 16:09 <kanashiro> same

 16:09 <rbasak> o/

 16:09 <rbasak> There is a private thread. Can it be made public?

 16:09 <utkarsh2102> wait, what? I don't see a private thread

 16:10 <rbasak> Started 21 July to developer-membership-board@

 16:10 <utkarsh2102> oh got it!

 16:10 <rbasak> I asked in the thread and nobody replied

 16:10 <utkarsh2102> right, I want to reply to the list. But happy to do it publicly, too. No objections from my side.

 16:11 <bdmurray> I'm okay with it being public.

 16:12 <rbasak> OK thanks! I can opine once it's public :)

 16:12 <rbasak> Sorry I'd have asked in the agenda if I'd thought of that in advance.

 16:12 <rbasak> I was just thinking about recent ML threads.

 16:12 <rbasak> I've not nothing further to ask.

 16:12 <utkarsh2102> no worries, we all missed that.

 16:12 <utkarsh2102> thanks

 16:13 <utkarsh2102> bdmurray: anything else from my side?

 16:13 <utkarsh2102> s/my/your/

 16:13 <utkarsh2102> eeks

 16:15 <bdmurray> I think Outstanding mailing list requests to assign was skipped over

 16:15 <bdmurray> And "Open TB bugs"

 16:16 <bdmurray> If there is nothing there fine but we should follow the process. ;-)

 16:18 <utkarsh2102> :)

 16:19 <utkarsh2102> wait, why do we look at open TB bugs?

 16:19 <seb128> if only we had that keeping meeting moving rule in action

 16:19 <utkarsh2102> :P

 16:19 <seb128> it shouldn't take 20 min of us sitting there

 16:19 <utkarsh2102> anyway, given there's nothing else

 16:19 <utkarsh2102> I'll adjourn this in

 16:19 <utkarsh2102> 5

 16:19 <utkarsh2102> 4

 16:19 <utkarsh2102> 3

 16:19 <rbasak> It is in action.

 16:19 <utkarsh2102> 2

 16:20 <rbasak> It's currently documented in the ML thread.

 16:20 <utkarsh2102> aah

 16:20 <utkarsh2102> 1

 16:20 <utkarsh2102> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)