== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team meeting, started by waveform, 10 Aug at 15:06 &mdash; 15:40 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2023/ubuntu-meeting.2023-08-10-15.06.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning rounds ===

Discussion started by waveform at 15:06.

 * ''LINK:'' https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/foundations-team-updates-thursday-10-aug-2023/37713/13   (waveform, 15:06)

=== Release incoming bugs ===

Discussion started by waveform at 15:15.

 * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-mm-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs   (waveform, 15:15)

=== Team proposed-migration report ===

Discussion started by waveform at 15:26.

 * ''LINK:'' https://ubuntu-archive-team.ubuntu.com/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs   (waveform, 15:27)

=== AOB ===

Discussion started by waveform at 15:35.




== People present (lines said) ==

 * waveform (30)
 * bdmurray (4)
 * ogayot (4)
 * enr0n (3)
 * slyon (3)
 * danilogondolfo (3)
 * meetingology (2)
 * rbasak (1)
 * schopin (1)
 * ginggs (1)
 * pushkarnk (1)
 * mclemenceau_ (1)



== Full log ==


 15:06 <waveform> #startmeeting Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team

 15:06 <meetingology> Meeting started at 15:06:15 UTC.  The chair is waveform.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 15:06 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 15:06 <waveform> #topic Lightning rounds

 15:06 <waveform> #link https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/foundations-team-updates-thursday-10-aug-2023/37713/13

 15:06 <waveform> give it the usual 10 minutes for reading

 15:07 <bdmurray> ogayot: what was the full command you used in bug 2017874? I haven't run into this issue.

 15:09 <bdmurray> enr0n: with your deb822 work and ubuntu-release-upgrader what will happen to early upgraders to Mantic?

 15:10 <enr0n> bdmurray: if the code works correctly, they would get migrated on upgrade to NN if they don't do it sooner

 15:10 <bdmurray> enr0n: How would they do it sooner?

 15:11 <enr0n> bdmurray: manually I guess

 15:12 <slyon> danilogondolfo: what about that lcov problem? I think netplan is mostly using gcovr these days, no?

 15:13 <slyon> well... I guess meson will use whatever is available, though.

 15:13 <danilogondolfo> slyon, well, something at some point calls lcov hehe but it's not causing problem apart from the perl error message I guess

 15:13 <danilogondolfo> yeah might be some meson thing

 15:14 <slyon> ok. you should be able to remove lcov from your system and install gcovr instead.

 15:15 <waveform> #topic Release incoming bugs

 15:15 <waveform> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-mm-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 15:15 <waveform> Bug #2029148

 15:15 <ogayot> bdmurray: I used the virt-manager GUI and connected to the qemu:///session bus

 15:16 <waveform> okay, leaving that one for desktop

 15:16 <waveform> Bug #2030482

 15:18 <ogayot> bdmurray: I checked "[x] Customize configuration before install" and added a TPM

 15:19 <waveform> sounds like we'll take this one

 15:21 <waveform> okay, moving on -- Bug #2017401

 15:26 <waveform> leaving this one for server to discuss (given the triage discuss tag is still on there)

 15:26 <waveform> that's it for mm this week ... checking the older series ...

 15:26 <waveform> nothing in ll

 15:26 <waveform> nothing in jj

 15:26 <waveform> and the only thing in ff is the last bug we just looked at

 15:26 <waveform> #topic Team proposed-migration report

 15:27 <waveform> #link https://ubuntu-archive-team.ubuntu.com/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs

 15:27 <rbasak> o/ On bug 2017401 the server team plan is to discuss it with a bigger picture view at a sprint or similar.

 15:27 <waveform> thanks rbasak

 15:30 <danilogondolfo> waveform, vim is still with me

 15:31 <waveform> tpm2-tss, reassigning to slyon

 15:32 <waveform> I'll take python-docutils

 15:33 <waveform> zlib is being retried

 15:33 <waveform> ginggs will take zlib if it fails again

 15:35 <waveform> sil2100 for db5.3 given it may take AA powers

 15:35 <waveform> #topic AOB

 15:36 <schopin> I'll be out next Monday and Tuesday (bank holidays)

 15:36 <waveform> apparently I'm out all next week

 15:36 <ginggs> next Tuesday is a holiday for me too

 15:36 <pushkarnk> Tuesday is a bank holiday in India

 15:36 <bdmurray> schopin: what are you uploading to break things before you leave? ;-)

 15:37 <ogayot> I will be off from the 18th to Sep 29th

 15:37 <enr0n> I will be out next Wednesday for a public holiday

 15:37 <mclemenceau_> I'll be out Monday

 15:37 <ogayot> I will be off from the 18th to Aug 29th

 15:39 <waveform> okay, anybody else disappearing next week, or any other notices?

 15:40 <waveform> going once ...

 15:40 <waveform> going twice ...

 15:40 <waveform> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)