== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Technical Board meeting, started by rbasak, 28 Feb at 20:00 &mdash; 20:09 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2023/ubuntu-meeting.2023-02-28-20.00.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== Action review ===

Discussion started by rbasak at 20:01.


=== Scan the mailing list archive for anything we missed (standing item) ===

Discussion started by rbasak at 20:06.


=== Check up on community bugs (standing item) ===

Discussion started by rbasak at 20:07.

 *   (rbasak, 20:07)
 * There are currently no open bugs.  (rbasak, 20:07)

=== Select a chair for the next meeting (next from https://launchpad.net/~techboard/+members) ===

Discussion started by rbasak at 20:07.

 * vorlon next, with sil2100 as backup  (rbasak, 20:08)

=== AOB ===

Discussion started by rbasak at 20:08.




== People present (lines said) ==

 * rbasak (29)
 * vorlon (5)
 * amurray (4)
 * meetingology (2)



== Full log ==


 20:00 <rbasak> #startmeeting Technical Board

 20:00 <meetingology> Meeting started at 20:00:59 UTC.  The chair is rbasak.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 20:01 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 20:01 <rbasak> #topic Action review

 20:01 * rbasak amurray to propose amended Ubuntu Backporters Team Charter

 20:02 <amurray> I am still waiting to hear back from the backports team on this - they essentially rejected my proposal so I tried to explain more about it to see if I could get them on board - but still waiting

 20:02 <rbasak> OK, thanks!

 20:02 * rbasak seb128 to help draft an exception to the "must build on all architectures" requirement for snaps

 20:02 <vorlon> do they have a deadline for feedback?

 20:02 <amurray> no - that is a good point- I'll follow up on it again today

 20:03 <vorlon> seb128 not here, so punt?

 20:03 <rbasak> ack

 20:03 * rbasak seb128/amurray/sil200 to help drafting the snap-store Ubuntu-specific tracks usage

 20:04 <amurray> apologies I haven't had a chance to look at that properly - can we carry over?

 20:04 <rbasak> OK

 20:04 * rbasak rbasak to raise any on-going blockers with third-party seeded snap security policy

 20:04 <rbasak> The above two, and waiting on me to get back from leave to finish off the draft I think.

 20:04 * rbasak sil2100 to start a draft summarizing the OEM archive portion of the meeting which x-nox and TB will review, edit, and ratify before we move on to figuring out the next step

 20:05 <rbasak> I guess he's half elsewhere so I'll move on

 20:05 * rbasak rbasak to draft a proposal of the DMB-proposed inactivity expiration policy for TB ratification

 20:05 <rbasak> Still pending. I'll carry.

 20:06 * rbasak rbasak to create initial bugs against the LP techboard project to track third party repo and DMB expiration policies

 20:06 <rbasak> Again, pending on my return from leave. I'll carry

 20:06 <rbasak> #topic Scan the mailing list archive for anything we missed (standing item)

 20:07 <rbasak> I don't see anything not already being addressed.

 20:07 <rbasak> #topic Check up on community bugs (standing item)

 20:07 <rbasak> #info

 20:07 <rbasak> There are currently no open bugs.

 20:07 <rbasak> #info There are currently no open bugs.

 20:07 <rbasak> #topic Select a chair for the next meeting (next from https://launchpad.net/~techboard/+members)

 20:08 <vorlon> short and sweet :)

 20:08 <vorlon> I believe I'm next

 20:08 <vorlon> with sil2100 as backup

 20:08 <rbasak> Great, thanks!

 20:08 <rbasak> #info vorlon next, with sil2100 as backup

 20:08 <rbasak> #topic AOB

 20:08 <rbasak> AOB?

 20:08 <amurray> nothing from me

 20:09 <rbasak> I was going to ask about telegram-desktop, but I think that's sorted for now, and information is on the ubuntu-devel@ ML if anyone would like to catch up.

 20:09 <rbasak> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)