== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status meeting, started by slyon, 05 Dec at 15:34 &mdash; 16:02 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2023/ubuntu-meeting.2023-12-05-15.34.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== current component mismatches ===

Discussion started by slyon at 15:34.

 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg   (slyon, 15:34)
 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg   (slyon, 15:34)

=== New MIRs ===

Discussion started by slyon at 15:37.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=NEW&field.status%3Alist=CONFIRMED&assignee_option=none&field.assignee=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (slyon, 15:37)

=== Incomplete bugs / questions ===

Discussion started by slyon at 15:54.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (slyon, 15:54)

=== Process/Documentation improvements ===

Discussion started by slyon at 15:56.

 * ''LINK:'' https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/pulls   (slyon, 15:57)
 * ''LINK:'' https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/issues   (slyon, 15:57)

=== MIR related Security Review Queue ===

Discussion started by slyon at 15:59.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-security/+bugs?field.searchtext=%5BMIR%5D&assignee_option=choose&field.assignee=ubuntu-security&field.bug_reporter=&field.bug_commenter=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (slyon, 15:59)
 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-security/+bugs?field.searchtext=[MIR]&assignee_option=choose&field.assignee=ubuntu-security&field.bug_reporter=&field.bug_commenter=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (slyon, 16:00)
 * ''LINK:'' https://warthogs.atlassian.net/jira/software/c/projects/SEC/boards/594   (slyon, 16:00)

=== Any other business? ===

Discussion started by slyon at 16:00.




== People present (lines said) ==

 * slyon (75)
 * cpaelzer (21)
 * sarnold (13)
 * eslerm (13)
 * jbicha (5)
 * mirespace (4)
 * joalif (3)
 * meetingology (2)



== Full log ==


 15:34 <slyon> #startmeeting Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status

 15:34 <meetingology> Meeting started at 15:34:25 UTC.  The chair is slyon.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 15:34 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 15:34 <slyon> Ping for MIR meeting - didrocks joalif slyon sarnold cpaelzer jamespage ( eslerm dviererbe )

 15:34 <slyon> #topic current component mismatches

 15:34 <slyon> Mission: Identify required actions and spread the load among the teams

 15:34 <slyon> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg

 15:34 <slyon> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg

 15:34 <slyon> c-m looks all clean and known

 15:34 <slyon> c-m-p:

 15:35 <slyon> there seems to be some progress on jaraco.text.

 15:35 <slyon> I remember the desktop team agreed to look into pipewire, so this is still pending

 15:36 <jbicha> yes, no progress on pipewire yet but it's on our list

 15:36 <slyon> Foundations is working to demote libio-prompter-perl (which is a devscripts Recommends for Salsa integration)

 15:36 <sarnold> yay

 15:36 <slyon> IIRC the server team agreed to take responsibility for libmail-dkim-perl

 15:36 <slyon> So I'd say everything is being handled, but still in flight.

 15:37 <slyon> #topic New MIRs

 15:37 <slyon> Mission: ensure to assign all incoming reviews for fast processing

 15:37 <slyon> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=NEW&field.status%3Alist=CONFIRMED&assignee_option=none&field.assignee=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 15:37 <slyon> bug #1977614

 15:37 <slyon> jbicha: what's the state on this? Are the testing requirements (#0 & #1) already resolved?

 15:38 <jbicha> fdk-aac-free was last assigned to Security. I repackaged (fdk-aac-free instead of fdk-aac) and removed the incomplete tag

 15:38 <jbicha> I haven't added the 0 and 1 tests yet

 15:39 <slyon> Okay. I can see it's still on the security board TODO. But is also still pending the #0 and #1 requirements.

 15:39 <slyon> I think this should be back to Incomplete, until the MIR requirements are resolved, while security review could continue in parallel.

 15:39 <sarnold> has the code or packaging changed enough to justify / require a new mir-team review?

 15:39 <slyon> jbicha: are you OK with that?

 15:40 <jbicha> sarnold: some code was removed. I believe the security review was paused before it was completed

 15:40 <jbicha> slyon: yes, I'd like to proceed in parallel

 15:40 <eslerm> in JIRA, fdk-aac is blocked, I can remove that and add it to the to-do pile

 15:41 <sarnold> I can't recall if it was paused or just never started, heh; anyway, it sounds like we ought to start in on it rather than waiting for another pass through the mir review process

 15:41 <eslerm> once the LP is assigned back to Security

 15:42 <slyon> IMO removal of (non-free) code wouldn't justify a re-MIR..

 15:42 <eslerm> it was not started, due to licensing conflicts being resolved

 15:42 <slyon> is everybody OK to unblock it on the security queue and assing it to ~ubuntu-security on LP?

 15:42 <sarnold> slyon: yeah, if that's the only / big change, that makes sense to me. I didn't know if this was an entirely new codebase aiming to provide the same feature, or what exactly might have changed

 15:42 <slyon> while jbicha will work on resolving the testing MIR requirements in parallel?

 15:42 <sarnold> wfm

 15:42 <eslerm> +1 for me

 15:43 <slyon> ok, let's do that!

 15:43 <cpaelzer> fully here now, thanks slyon!

 15:44 <slyon> bug #2044535

 15:44 <cpaelzer> keep going if you dd not mind

 15:44 <slyon> I found consensus for ~foundations-bugs to take ownership of this package. So the MIR process can start.

 15:44 <cpaelzer> Thanks for unblocking the ownership on this one

 15:44 <cpaelzer> I can take this one

 15:44 <slyon> joalif: would you be interested in taking this review?

 15:44 <slyon> oh, ok. cpaelzer it is :)

 15:44 <joalif> yes

 15:44 <cpaelzer> there are 4 in the queue, there will be one for each of us :-)

 15:45 <slyon> the others are from the server team, so let's assign this one to cpaelzer

 15:45 <slyon> bug #2030880

 15:47 <slyon> looks like this MIR might be on hold, while #2 is being resolved/reviewed.

 15:48 <slyon> I might be able to double check Miriam's work here.

 15:48 <slyon> (as it was my initial recommendation)

 15:48 <slyon> I'll be out soon for end-of-year break, though. So it might take a while

 15:48 <slyon> bug #2023971

 15:48 <cpaelzer> mirespace: ^^ FYI

 15:49 <slyon> cpaelzer: can you elaborate on the overall status of the libmail-dmarc-perl status?

 15:49 <mirespace> o/ I'm taking notes :)

 15:49 <cpaelzer> slyon: yes, mirespace please correct me where I'm wrong

 15:50 <cpaelzer> overall many of the sub-dependencies have by now been approved or at least are in the progress towards that

 15:50 <sarnold> I wish launchpad could show a diff when the description changed..

 15:50 <cpaelzer> thereby the main bug, which is 2023971 itself has now gotten into the MIR queue

 15:50 <mirespace> right

 15:50 <cpaelzer> So it looks for a reviewer

 15:51 <mirespace> the news on that is:

 15:51 <slyon> ok, thanks. joalif could you take the libemail-mime-perl review then?

 15:51 <joalif> yes

 15:52 <sarnold> slyon: is that the right packageg name? I thought you were taking it again since you'd done the first pass?

 15:52 <sarnold> (or just that specific commit?)

 15:52 <slyon> err. sorry, wrong tab.

 15:53 <joalif> i think slyon means libmail-dmarc-perl

 15:53 <mirespace> The only pending, apart from libmail-dmarc-itself  is the refactor for not using libnet-ip-perl

 15:53 <slyon> libmail-dmarc-perl exactly

 15:53 <slyon> mirespace: that's good to know. And I think it can continue in parallel

 15:53 * slyon assigning joalif to libmail-dmarc-perl

 15:54 <cpaelzer> indeed

 15:54 <cpaelzer> thanks

 15:54 <slyon> That concludes the list

 15:54 <slyon> #topic Incomplete bugs / questions

 15:54 <slyon> Mission: Identify required actions and spread the load among the teams

 15:54 <slyon> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 15:54 <cpaelzer> only https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/libmatch-simple-perl/+bug/2042100 is new here

 15:55 <cpaelzer> which was due to realizing the dependencies were different

 15:55 <cpaelzer> nothing to act for us AFAIS

 15:55 <cpaelzer> +C

 15:55 <slyon> also bug #2039456 sounds ready. cpaelzer can you take care of that?

 15:55 <sarnold> ack, that seems like foundation deciding what to do will make it clear

 15:56 <slyon> yes, libmatch-simple-perl will probably go away

 15:56 <cpaelzer> I'll mark it as ready, we'll promote all of them together eventually

 15:56 <slyon> thx!

 15:56 <slyon> then we head a tracking update on dbus-broker (bug #2015538) which we don't need to act upon

 15:56 <slyon> thanks eslerm for driving it!

 15:56 <slyon> #topic Process/Documentation improvements

 15:57 <slyon> Mission: Review pending process/documentation pull-requests or issues

 15:57 <slyon> #link https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/pulls

 15:57 <slyon> #link https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/issues

 15:57 <cpaelzer> nothing new

 15:57 <eslerm> my manager asked me to take on more cross-team distro work

 15:57 <eslerm> next year I will put a big focus on helping build the Rust base set. hoping to become a ppu/packageset maintainer for some Rust packages as well

 15:57 <eslerm> vendored base set*

 15:57 <slyon> There's an update on https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/issues/35

 15:58 <slyon> I'm glad to hear that eslerm !

 15:58 * slyon looking forward

 15:58 <cpaelzer> so far it is a capacity decision to not be able to do such sets

 15:58 <slyon> Maybe someone who attended the in-person MIR meeting in Riga can comment on that.

 15:58 <cpaelzer> let us see if your contribution can help to overcome this

 15:59 <slyon> eslerm: is there any specific clarification on the base-sets that you want to discuss right now?

 15:59 <slyon> otherwise let's move on, as we're already at the top of the hour

 15:59 <eslerm> I don't

 15:59 <slyon> #topic MIR related Security Review Queue

 15:59 <slyon> Mission: Check on progress, do deadlines seem doable?

 15:59 <slyon> Some clients can only work with one, some with the other escaping - the URLs point to the same place.

 15:59 <slyon> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-security/+bugs?field.searchtext=%5BMIR%5D&assignee_option=choose&field.assignee=ubuntu-security&field.bug_reporter=&field.bug_commenter=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 16:00 <slyon> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-security/+bugs?field.searchtext=[MIR]&assignee_option=choose&field.assignee=ubuntu-security&field.bug_reporter=&field.bug_commenter=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 16:00 <slyon> Internal link

 16:00 <slyon> #link https://warthogs.atlassian.net/jira/software/c/projects/SEC/boards/594

 16:00 <eslerm> two SpamAssassin related perl packages will likey have Security reviews completed this week

 16:00 <eslerm> pydantic is in progress

 16:00 <cpaelzer> I'm out for a conflict again, sorry

 16:00 <eslerm> fdk-aac is assigned, and review will begin after holiday break

 16:00 <eslerm> fips team members may work on the libgssglue MIR when assigned to us

 16:00 <slyon> this sounds like good progress, thanks!

 16:00 <sarnold> oh that seems like a good fit :)

 16:00 <slyon> #topic Any other business?

 16:01 <sarnold> eoy holidays are upon us, I've got one more of these meetings inthe year, and not a whole lot of time -- I imagine others are similar :)

 16:01 <slyon> right. this has been my last meeting for this year.

 16:01 <sarnold> how many will be around for this meeting next week? if it's just me, I'd rather skip it :)

 16:01 <slyon> Have a good break everybody!

 16:02 <slyon> If nothing else. That's it for today.

 16:02 <slyon> Thanks all! o/

 16:02 <eslerm> thanks all o/

 16:02 <sarnold> thanks slyon, all :)

 16:02 <slyon> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)