== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting meeting, started by bdrung, 19 Oct at 15:06 &mdash; 15:51 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2023/ubuntu-meeting.2023-10-19-15.06.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning rounds ===

Discussion started by bdrung at 15:07.

 * ''LINK:'' https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/foundations-team-updates-thursday-19-oct-2023/39594   (bdrung, 15:07)

=== Release incoming bugs ===

Discussion started by bdrung at 15:26.

 * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-mm-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs   (bdrung, 15:26)
 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/packagekit/+bug/2038807   (bdrung, 15:26)
 * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ll-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs   (bdrung, 15:38)
 * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-jj-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs   (bdrung, 15:38)
 * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ff-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs   (bdrung, 15:43)

=== Team proposed-migration report ===

Discussion started by bdrung at 15:44.

 * ''LINK:'' https://ubuntu-archive-team.ubuntu.com/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs   (bdrung, 15:44)

=== AOB ===

Discussion started by bdrung at 15:45.




== People present (lines said) ==

 * bdrung (34)
 * bdmurray (17)
 * adrien (3)
 * slyon (3)
 * dbungert (3)
 * meetingology (2)
 * pushkarnk (2)
 * danilogondolfo (2)



== Full log ==


 15:06 <bdrung> #startmeeting

 15:06 <meetingology> Meeting started at 15:06:57 UTC.  The chair is bdrung.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 15:06 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 15:07 <bdrung> #topic Lightning rounds

 15:07 <bdrung> #link https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/foundations-team-updates-thursday-19-oct-2023/39594

 15:08 <pushkarnk> adrien: yes, I have it internally documented. I can share it with you.

 15:10 <adrien> pushkarnk: thanks

 15:11 <bdmurray> bdrung: Has a test been added for apport to ensure the data is collected in the crash?

 15:11 <pushkarnk> adrien: basically, PKCS#12 is not FIPS approved :/

 15:12 <bdmurray> slyon: you were asking about an early release for bug 2039503 right?

 15:13 <slyon> correct

 15:13 <slyon> SRU verification is done and autopkgtest failures should be resolved

 15:15 <bdrung> bdmurray, https://github.com/canonical/apport/pull/224 modifies the test cases to cover the crash reporting part.

 15:15 <bdrung> (see https://github.com/canonical/apport/pull/224/commits/a16de4ec2771012a19e5d6b3075b3a914bf6a851)

 15:16 <slyon> danilogondolfo: FYI: I just pushed https://git.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-core-dev/netplan/+git/ubuntu/log/?h=ubuntu-mantic so you can target your SRU branch against that one

 15:16 <danilogondolfo> slyon, thank you :)

 15:19 <bdrung> everybody done with reading and asking questions?

 15:22 <bdmurray> dbungert: there was an issue you saw during the release

 15:22 <bdmurray> when you were doing upgrade testing with disk layouts iirc

 15:22 <dbungert> bdmurray: ah, the grub thing?  yes, I added some info to a bug, let me dig up a number

 15:23 <dbungert> LP: #1937011

 15:23 <dbungert> I concluded it wasn't a new problem and added a reproducer script to the bug

 15:24 <bdmurray> so want to fix the typo in the description

 15:25 <bdmurray> bdrung: I think we can move on

 15:26 <bdrung> #topic Release incoming bugs

 15:26 <bdrung> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-mm-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 15:26 <bdrung> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/packagekit/+bug/2038807

 15:28 <bdmurray> It only has 219 crashes so far...

 15:28 <bdmurray> But then again upgrades aren't enabled yet

 15:29 <bdrung> there are not that many crash reports at all on errors.ubuntu.com for mantic: https://errors.ubuntu.com/?release=Ubuntu%2023.10&period=month

 15:30 <bdmurray> Let's save it for next week when julian is back

 15:30 <bdrung> okay

 15:30 <bdrung> next: bug #2039268

 15:31 <bdmurray> I've made contact with the snapd team about this.

 15:31 <bdmurray> I'm not certain it is something fixable in ubuntu-release-upgrader

 15:32 <bdrung> so leave it there to keep it on the list for the snapd team?

 15:32 <bdmurray> Having said that having Nick look at it when he gets back would be good

 15:32 <bdmurray> So let's foundations-todo it and we can close the card if the snapd team comes back with something helpful

 15:33 <bdrung> okay, tagged

 15:34 <bdrung> next: bug #2037894

 15:35 <bdmurray> this reporter again?

 15:36 <danilogondolfo> so annoying

 15:36 <bdmurray> I'll tag it rls-mm-notfixing

 15:38 <bdrung> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ll-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 15:38 <bdrung> empty for us

 15:38 <bdrung> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-jj-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 15:38 <bdrung> bug #1990798

 15:39 <bdrung> According to the last comments, this bug cannot be reproduced and logs are missing.

 15:42 <bdrung> Should we remove the incoming tag or just wait until it expires?

 15:43 <bdmurray> Wait but maybe the QA team should setup an automated test for this

 15:43 <bdrung> okay, leaving it untouched

 15:43 <bdrung> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ff-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 15:44 <bdrung> nothing for us

 15:44 <bdrung> #topic Team proposed-migration report

 15:44 <bdrung> #link https://ubuntu-archive-team.ubuntu.com/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs

 15:44 <bdrung> interestingly there are two packages on the list

 15:44 <bdmurray> because there isn't a devel release?

 15:45 <bdrung> but shouldn't it be empty then?

 15:45 <bdrung> anyway

 15:45 <bdrung> #topic AOB

 15:45 <adrien> swi-prolog's "error: test cat2: no_exception"

 15:49 <bdrung> adrien, do you want to look at the swi-prolog/9.0.4+dfsg-2ubuntu1 failure?

 15:51 <bdrung> any last words?

 15:51 <adrien> bdrung: not really :D

 15:51 <bdrung> then let's keep it for next week.

 15:51 <bdrung> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)