== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team meeting, started by bdrung, 06 Jul at 15:03 &mdash; 15:53 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2023/ubuntu-meeting.2023-07-06-15.03.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning rounds ===

Discussion started by bdrung at 15:03.

 * ''LINK:'' https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/foundations-team-updates-thursday-6-jul-2023/36733   (bdrung, 15:03)

=== Release incoming bugs ===

Discussion started by bdrung at 15:19.

 * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-mm-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs   (bdrung, 15:20)
 * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ll-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs   (bdrung, 15:31)
 * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-jj-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs   (bdrung, 15:31)
 * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ff-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs   (bdrung, 15:32)

=== Team proposed-migration report ===

Discussion started by bdrung at 15:41.

 * ''LINK:'' https://ubuntu-archive-team.ubuntu.com/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs   (bdrung, 15:41)

=== AOB ===

Discussion started by bdrung at 15:51.




== People present (lines said) ==

 * vorlon (32)
 * bdrung (26)
 * bdmurray (4)
 * schopin (4)
 * ginggs (3)
 * dbungert (3)
 * waveform (3)
 * meetingology (2)
 * mclemenceau (1)
 * sil2100 (1)
 * zhsj (1)
 * ogayot (1)
 * slyon (1)
 * enr0n (1)



== Full log ==


 15:03 <bdrung> #startmeeting Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team

 15:03 <meetingology> Meeting started at 15:03:11 UTC.  The chair is bdrung.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 15:03 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 15:03 <bdrung> #topic Lightning rounds

 15:03 <bdrung> https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/foundations-team-updates-thursday-6-jul-2023/36733

 15:04 <bdrung> i'll give everybody some time to read and ask questions

 15:04 <bdmurray> ginggs: Did you find out why those linux-nvidia-5.19 tests were running?

 15:07 <vorlon> ginggs: why was there more than one copy of linux-nvidia-5.19 running with a migration-reference/0 trigger?

 15:07 <vorlon> ah same question as bdmurray

 15:08 <vorlon> maybe this is a britney bug, or a bug in someone queuing these tests, or

 15:08 <ginggs> no i did not, and they are still being triggered every 15 minutes or so

 15:10 <bdmurray> If the requester name is not showing up then the most likely culprit is britney

 15:10 <vorlon> and if it's on jammy, "every 15 minutes" is possible. I'll open a bug to track this on britney

 15:10 <vorlon> because we don't want it triggering more than 1 migration-reference/0 test at a time

 15:13 <vorlon> dbungert: how is systemd related to rsyslog vs busybox-rsyslogd?

 15:14 <dbungert> vorlon: systemd 253 can do a cleanup of a dangling symlink.  In systemd 252 instead we get a conffile conflict.

 15:14 <dbungert> I wanted to write up a bug anyhow with details, I'll do so.

 15:14 <vorlon> ok

 15:17 <bdrung> Finished reading the status?

 15:19 <bdmurray> aye

 15:19 <bdrung> #topic Release incoming bugs

 15:20 <bdrung> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-mm-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 15:20 <bdrung> bug #2025068

 15:21 <vorlon> "Turns out SIMD isnâ€™t a performance panacea" lol

 15:21 <bdmurray> This should be targetted to Mantic

 15:22 <waveform> done; I'm looking into this at the moment

 15:25 <bdrung> so we should tag this bug as foundations-todo?

 15:25 <mclemenceau> I think so

 15:25 <dbungert> vorlon: LP: #2026292

 15:25 <vorlon> dbungert: cool, will read

 15:25 <waveform> mclemenceau, okay, tag added

 15:26 <bdrung> next bug #2025575

 15:28 <bdrung> that looks like a bug for doko

 15:29 <bdrung> should we tag it as well?

 15:29 <schopin> In doubt I say tag it, doko can remove it later if we're wrong.

 15:30 <bdrung> okay, tagged foundations-todo

 15:31 <bdrung> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ll-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 15:31 <bdrung> nothing for up \o/

 15:31 <bdrung> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-jj-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 15:31 <bdrung> same here

 15:32 <bdrung> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ff-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 15:32 <bdrung> bug #2024901

 15:34 <schopin> So, do we support LVM without separate /boot?

 15:40 <sil2100> Guess we're taking it in, at least to investigate both the installer side and upgrade side, right?

 15:40 <bdrung> If not having a separate /boot partition, we should make sure that the installer does not create such setup

 15:40 <vorlon> even if we do, apparently IBM's own tools don't

 15:40 <vorlon> but we should reach a conclusion on this bug, so take it

 15:40 <bdrung> okay, tagging with foundations-todo then.

 15:41 <bdrung> #topic Team proposed-migration report

 15:41 <bdrung> #link https://ubuntu-archive-team.ubuntu.com/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs

 15:41 <bdrung> handing over to vorlon

 15:42 <vorlon> fwupd still here, had discussed with Zixing whether we should stop shipping fwupd on s390x altogether; he has the action to follow up with upstream but he is out today

 15:42 <zhsj> i'm still working on golang-defaults.

 15:42 <schopin> libsereal-decoder-perl is still with me, I dropped the ball on it. My bad.

 15:43 <vorlon> ok

 15:44 <vorlon> libwww-perl has a pending MIR, I'm waiting for a reply from the Debian maintainers of libwww-thingie-perl

 15:44 <vorlon> ogayot: are you still looking at sqlite3?

 15:44 <ogayot> vorlon: it's only waiting for a s390x autopkgtest run, it should migrate after

 15:45 <vorlon> ok

 15:46 <vorlon> zhsj said last week he was looking at golang-defaults; I'll assume that's still with him

 15:46 <schopin> he said so 4mn ago too :)

 15:46 <vorlon> aha yes

 15:46 <vorlon> then it was a good assumption!

 15:47 <vorlon> that takes us to the new stuff

 15:47 <vorlon> slyon: can you take python-attrs?

 15:47 <slyon> sure!

 15:47 <vorlon> rustc, that one is understood, there's some MIRage going on there

 15:48 <vorlon> gcc-12, leaving with doko as the uploader

 15:48 <vorlon> boost1.74 is just hung up on the s390x infra issues (test currently blacklisted)

 15:49 <vorlon> ginggs: do you want to follow through on that one?

 15:49 <ginggs> vorlon: sure

 15:49 <vorlon> boost1.74: ginggs:

 15:49 <vorlon> ginggs: actually can you take all of the build-essential blockers?  several are s390x, but there's a couple others

 15:50 <ginggs> yeah, i'll take them

 15:50 <vorlon> thanks

 15:50 <vorlon> then there's a bunch of packages waiting for s390x autopkgtest results

 15:50 <vorlon> debianutils vs mariadb-10.6/armhf: I'll look at this one

 15:50 <vorlon> and that's it for this week

 15:50 <vorlon> bdrung:

 15:51 <bdrung> #topic AOB

 15:51 <enr0n> I will be out tomorrow

 15:51 <waveform> I'll only be semi-productive tomorrow (another school strike, so I'm balancing parenting duties)

 15:53 <bdrung> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)