== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting: Foundations team meeting, 06 Nov at 16:01 &mdash; 16:18 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2014/ubuntu-meeting.2014-11-06-16.01.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Round table ===
The discussion about "Round table" started at 16:01.


=== AOB ===
The discussion about "AOB" started at 16:14.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * stgraber (43)
 * bdmurray (29)
 * sil2100 (21)
 * mvo (13)
 * ubottu (12)
 * caribou (8)
 * robru (6)
 * jodh (6)
 * doko (6)
 * barry (6)
 * meetingology (3)
 * slangasek (2)
 * cjwatson (2)



== Full Log ==


 16:01 <stgraber> #startmeeting Foundations team meeting

 16:01 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Nov  6 16:01:14 2014 UTC.  The chair is stgraber. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:01 <meetingology> 

 16:01 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 16:01 <jodh> o/

 16:01 <stgraber> #topic Round table

 16:01 <mvo> hi

 16:02 <stgraber> stgraber@dakara:~$ echo $(shuf -e barry doko stgraber jodh bdmurray cjwatson caribou infinity mvo sil2100 robru)

 16:02 <stgraber> bdmurray sil2100 infinity barry doko mvo cjwatson caribou robru stgraber jodh

 16:02 <stgraber> hopefully I didn't forget anyone :)

 16:02 <bdmurray> updated daisy/retracer.py to use gdb to see if a core file is valid

 16:02 <bdmurray> resolved retracer corrupt core file detection issue in daisy r565

 16:02 <bdmurray> updated daisy/submit.py to not ask for core files from click packages

 16:02 <bdmurray> updated daisy-retracer charm cronjob to start counting 15.04 users

 16:02 <bdmurray> investigation into where click package counters appear in the error tracker

 16:03 <bdmurray> submitted RTs to have daisy updated on production to r562, r564, r565

 16:03 <bdmurray> research into seb128's file-roller retracing failure (missing ddebs)

 16:03 <bdmurray> tested crash reporting from Live CDs

 16:03 <bdmurray> verified apport and whoopsie are working from live cds in utopic (not update-notifier though)

 16:03 <bdmurray> uploaded whoopsie to vivid that will run if ubiquity-dm is running

 16:03 <bdmurray> uploaded casper to vivid that allows inotify on /var/crash to work

 16:03 <bdmurray> email to ubuntu quality about crash reporting from Live CDs

 16:03 <bdmurray> SRU verification of apport bug LP: #1354571 (invalid core dumps)

 16:03 <bdmurray> attempted SRU verification of apport bug LP: #1372665 (unable to recreate original issue)

 16:03 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1354571 in apport (Ubuntu Precise) "apport-retrace ignores warnings from gdb" [Medium,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1354571

 16:03 <bdmurray> wrote a clickhook.py (apport hook) to gather package information about click packages

 16:03 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1372665 in apport (Ubuntu Trusty) "apport reports suspend/resume failure twice on boot (apportcheckresume)" [High,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1372665

 16:03 <bdmurray> uploaded clickhook.py to vivid thereby improving the situation for apport bug LP: #1365079

 16:03 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1365079 in apport (Ubuntu) "apport should gather package information about click packages" [Medium,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1365079

 16:03 <bdmurray> verified the interim solution for apport bug 1365079 (click package info for crashes)

 16:03 <bdmurray> reported whoopsie bug LP: #1389357 regarding CRASH_DB_IDENTIFIER

 16:03 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1389357 in whoopsie (Ubuntu) "whoopsie reuses CRASH_DB_IDENTIFIER on next run" [Low,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1389357

 16:03 <bdmurray> reported whoopsie-preferences bug regarding apport / whoopsie running LP: #1389407

 16:03 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1389407 in whoopsie-preferences (Ubuntu RTM) "choosing not to report "app crashes and errors" leaves apport and whoopsie running" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1389407

 16:03 <bdmurray> worked with davmor2 regarding his whoopsie-identifier issue

 16:03 <bdmurray> came up with a plan for distribution-upgrade crash reports and EoL releases

 16:03 <bdmurray> IS / UE sync up call

 16:03 <bdmurray> ✔ done

 16:03 <sil2100> o/

 16:04 <sil2100> - Landing team work, preparing landing e-mails

 16:04 <sil2100> - Coordinating image promotion to ubuntu-rtm

 16:04 <sil2100> - CI Train maintenance and features:

 16:04 <sil2100> * Switching native RTM builds to use 15.04 in their version numbers

 16:04 <sil2100> * Some small work related to changelog bug number fixes...

 16:04 <sil2100> - More on updating the Landing Team documentation

 16:04 <sil2100> * Added SupportedDevices

 16:04 <sil2100> * Updated LandingTeamProcess with latest information

 16:04 <sil2100> * Misc changes here and there

 16:04 <sil2100> - Discussions related to image readiness (for RTM)

 16:04 <sil2100> - Preparations for UOS - poking for sessions

 16:04 <sil2100> - Gathering intel on missing landings from ubuntu-rtm in vivid

 16:04 <sil2100> * Writing some helper scripts for that

 16:04 <sil2100> * Still need some time to finish up the proper list of non-synced changes

 16:04 <sil2100> - Bug reviews for subsequent RTM milestones

 16:04 <sil2100> - Discussions regarding the landing and promotion process for milestones

 16:04 <sil2100> - Announcement e-mails (again!)

 16:04 <sil2100> Holidays: next week off \o/

 16:04 <sil2100> (done)

 16:04 <barry> no infinity?

 16:05 <barry> system-image: 2.5.1 landed in rtm.  LP: #1374459 landed in trunk (for 3.0).

 16:05 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1374459 in Ubuntu system image "Support alternative downloaders" [High,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1374459

 16:05 <barry> debuntu: LP: #1387323; LP: #1381177; vivid upgraded one machine so far so good; looking at rc bugs for jessie and filed debian bug #768334

 16:05 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1387323 in emacs24 (Ubuntu) "Merge emacs24 24.4+1-4 from Debian unstable" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1387323

 16:05 <slangasek> no infinity this morning, no

 16:05 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1381177 in pybootchartgui (Ubuntu) "pybootchartgui raises IndexError" [Critical,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1381177

 16:05 <barry> other: helped with lots of interviews for open team positions

 16:05 <ubottu> Debian bug 768334 in src:genshi "genshi: We now have what we need to re-enable genshi for Python 3.4" [Important,Open] http://bugs.debian.org/768334

 16:05 <barry> (done)

 16:05 <doko> I'll go at the end ...

 16:05 <mvo> Short version to avoid being confused with people who write very long activity reports ;)

 16:05 <mvo> Worked on apt (new abi breaking release coming soon, prepare for some

 16:05 <mvo> turbulences), click, system-image, helped the SDK team and scopes

 16:05 <mvo> team, did merges. We have a i386/arm core image now :) But its still

 16:05 <mvo> too big :(

 16:05 <mvo> [full 61 lines gtimelog data available on request ;)]

 16:05 <mvo> (done)

 16:06 <cjwatson> I've been on vacation, and am on conference leave today and tomorrow at https://wiki.debconf.org/wiki/Miniconf-UK/2014

 16:06 <mvo> nice!

 16:06 <cjwatson> (just happened to notice the highlight in this channel at the right time)

 16:06 <caribou> ok, i'm next

 16:07 <caribou> * BugFix : Ongoing work on libnss-ldap Critical bug LP: #1387594 - Merge waiting for sponsorship - Will then SRU

 16:07 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1387594 in libnss-ldap (Ubuntu) "init: symbol lookup error: /lib/powerpc64le-linux-gnu/libnss_ldap.so.2: undefined symbol: __libc_lock_lock" [Critical,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1387594

 16:07 <caribou> * BugFix : Ubuntu Cloud Archive incompatibility between IceHouse and Precise

 16:07 <caribou> - Fix commited to U.C.A

 16:07 <caribou> * Preparing merge of my packages

 16:07 <caribou> * Investigation on SystemD

 16:07 <caribou> * Finalize makedumpfile/kdump-tools test environment

 16:07 <caribou> (done)

 16:08 <robru> * citrain

 16:08 <robru> - fixed it to stop considering a merged merge as 'not Approved' (this makes it easier to do trunk releases using an already-merged merge)

 16:08 <robru> - simplified some redundant code

 16:08 <robru> - massive overhaul changing relative paths into absolute paths. not finished yet, but I *think* I fixed the bug where it cd's into the wrong dir and then creates a bunch of files and then can't find them later because they're not in the right place. using absolute paths ensures everything is where we expect it to be regardless of the cwd.

 16:08 <robru> * various and sundry landings as well

 16:08 <robru> (done)

 16:09 <stgraber> oh, it's me already?

 16:09 <stgraber> - lxc:

 16:09 <stgraber> - Updated the upstream images to not run sshd by default

 16:09 <stgraber> - Updated the upstream images to not setup default passwords

 16:09 <stgraber> (instead recommend using lxc-attach)

 16:09 <stgraber> - lxd:

 16:09 <stgraber> - Public announcement and answering questions about it

 16:09 <stgraber> http://www.ubuntu.com/cloud/tools/lxd

 16:09 <stgraber> https://lists.linuxcontainers.org/pipermail/lxc-devel/2014-November/010817.html

 16:09 <stgraber> - Setup the project (contributing guidelines, licensing, ...)

 16:09 <stgraber> - Pushed an initial specification for the client user experience:

 16:09 <stgraber> https://github.com/lxc/lxd/blob/master/specs/command-line-user-experience.md

 16:09 <stgraber> - Initial reviews for the first few pull requests

 16:09 <stgraber> - system-image

 16:09 <stgraber> - Published operation documentation at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ImageBasedUpgrades/ServerOperation

 16:09 <stgraber> - Did some testing of image reverts to make sure things are now solid

 16:09 <stgraber> - Discussed bug 1387214 and potential ways of recovering from fs corruption

 16:09 <ubottu> bug 1387214 in initramfs-tools-ubuntu-touch (Ubuntu) "[TOPBLOCKER] file corruption on touch images in rw portions of the filesystem" [Critical,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1387214

 16:09 <stgraber> - other

 16:09 <stgraber> - SRU reviews

 16:09 <stgraber> - DB review and restore for the ISO Tracker following the Drupal CVE

 16:09 <stgraber> - kernel

 16:09 <stgraber> - Tracked down a regression in 3.16 on servers with recent Intel NIC

 16:09 <stgraber> spamming dmesg with a WARN per packet due to broken code in hardware

 16:09 <stgraber> offloading (affecting my home hardware).

 16:09 <stgraber> - Wrote and published an exploit for the IPv6 neighborhood table overflow.

 16:10 <stgraber> http://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/containers/2014-November/035292.html

 16:10 <stgraber> 

 16:10 <stgraber> (DONE)

 16:10 <jodh> * system-image:

 16:10 <jodh> - Lots of improvements to the ubuntu-core-upgrader.

 16:10 <jodh> - Currently writing a set of integration tests.

 16:10 <jodh> * misc: out 3 days last week.

 16:10 <jodh> ₴

 16:10 <stgraber> doko:

 16:12 <doko> - getting started with GCC 5

 16:12 <doko> - work on crashes when running the GCC testsuite on powerpc

 16:12 <doko> - binutils update and backports

 16:12 <doko> - updated two local machines to 14.10

 16:12 <doko> (done)

 16:12 <stgraber> slangasek: do you have something read to copy/paste or are you too busy?

 16:12 <slangasek> stgraber: nothing from me, sorry

 16:13 <stgraber> ok

 16:13 <stgraber> Does anyone have something to present? (guess not, but can't hurt to ask)

 16:13 <sil2100> ENOTIME for most people I suspect

 16:14 <stgraber> yeah, figured as much

 16:14 <stgraber> #topic AOB

 16:14 <stgraber> anything else?

 16:14 <bdmurray> Next Tuesday is a US Holiday - Veteran's Day

 16:14 <bdmurray> So I'll be out then

 16:14 * barry will very likely swap day it

 16:15 <bdmurray> mvo: Do you have any ideas about bug 1384946?

 16:15 <ubottu> bug 1384946 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu) "Trying to upgrade to utopic, cannot compute changes due to gnuplot" [Undecided,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1384946

 16:15 <mvo> bdmurray: not right now, let me look

 16:15 <bdmurray> during a P to T upgrade gnuplot-x11 and gnuplot-nox are kept, but then conflict on upgrade to Utopic

 16:15 <mvo> bdmurray: meh, I think you asked me about this before, didn't you? sorry for that

 16:15 <bdmurray> mvo: yeah, but it was at the end of the sprint. ;-)

 16:16 * mvo nods

 16:17 <bdmurray> that's it from me

 16:18 * mvo does not have anything else either

 16:18 <stgraber> alright

 16:18 <stgraber> thanks everyone!

 16:18 <stgraber> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)