== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting: fc monthly meeting, 05 Oct at 18:04 &mdash; 18:30 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2014/ubuntu-meeting.2014-10-05-18.04.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== LoCo subforums ===
The discussion about "LoCo subforums" started at 18:07.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * bapoumba (35)
 * cariboo907 (24)
 * Iowan (4)
 * coffeecat (4)
 * pleia2 (4)
 * meetingology (4)



== Full Log ==


 18:04 <cariboo907> #startmeeting

 18:04 <meetingology> Meeting started Sun Oct  5 18:04:51 2014 UTC.  The chair is cariboo907. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 18:04 <meetingology> 

 18:04 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 18:05 <cariboo907> #chair bapoumba coffeecat Iowan cariboo907

 18:05 <meetingology> Current chairs: Iowan bapoumba cariboo907 coffeecat

 18:05 <cariboo907> #meetingtopic fc monthly meeting

 18:06 <cariboo907> have we got anything that really needs discussing?

 18:06 <bapoumba> well, not sure we'd have anything to vote on

 18:07 <bapoumba> Items to discuss or state, yes I think so

 18:07 <bapoumba> The LoCo subforums

 18:07 <cariboo907> #topic LoCo subforums

 18:08 <bapoumba> Archiving have been done by Elfy and coffeecat

 18:08 <bapoumba> Any inactive subforum is archived

 18:08 <bapoumba> inactive = no activity from a year and half

 18:08 <bapoumba> or so :)

 18:08 <cariboo907> I've been following along during my move, and had a bit of a conversation on DIscourse with a member of the Colorado LoCo

 18:09 <bapoumba> If they want to reopen, they should ask for it and use it :)

 18:09 <cariboo907> I guess the LoCo council didn't really pass on anything to the LoCo's and he was a bit surprised that the sub-forum had disappeared

 18:10 <bapoumba> would they want to use it again ?

 18:10 <pleia2> first I heard about it was the post to planet from you folks (thank you for that)

 18:10 <cariboo907> He stated that the sub-forum had been pretty dead, and that the mailing list was where all the activity was

 18:10 <bapoumba> several mails were sent to the LoCo council pleia2

 18:11 <pleia2> bapoumba: right, that's not a public list :)

 18:11 <bapoumba> well, we could not email each and everyone of them pleia2 :)

 18:11 <pleia2> you want loco-contacts@lists.ubuntu.com

 18:12 <coffeecat> The colorado forum should be visible but closed to posting atm.

 18:12 <pleia2> I'm including it in the LoCo section of UWN this week, so hopefully more folks will see it :)

 18:12 <bapoumba> if some LoCo wish to have their forum reopened and use it, no problem

 18:12 <cariboo907> at the time, a couple of days agoa it wasn't visible yet

 18:12 <bapoumba> thanks pleia2

 18:12 <bapoumba> ah ok cariboo907

 18:13 <cariboo907> anything else to say about the topic?

 18:13 <bapoumba> not here

 18:14 <Iowan> No

 18:14 <cariboo907> coffeecat, ?

 18:14 <bapoumba> may be forward Elfy' mail to loco-contacts@lists.ubuntu.com ?

 18:14 <coffeecat> no

 18:15 <cariboo907> OK, we can do that

 18:15 <bapoumba> +1

 18:16 * bapoumba searching through emails ..

 18:17 <cariboo907> I have it on my utopic install, which is a bit broken at the moment :)

 18:20 <bapoumba> email forwarded

 18:20 <cariboo907> Thanks bapoumba

 18:20 <Iowan> Danke!

 18:20 <bapoumba> From my Utopic install :p

 18:20 <bapoumba> Welcome :)

 18:21 <bapoumba> anything else ?

 18:21 <bapoumba> we'd need to ping IS in their own channel for the default avatar stuff

 18:21 <cariboo907> I haven't got anything else

 18:21 <Iowan> Nothing here

 18:21 <coffeecat> nothing here.

 18:21 <bapoumba> it is becoming quite urgent

 18:22 <bapoumba> other than that, nothing else here

 18:22 <cariboo907> I expect they'll get back to us after the 10th :)

 18:22 <bapoumba> that would be really too bad :(

 18:23 <cariboo907> they have been really slow to respond to anything

 18:23 <bapoumba> do you know the channel address ?

 18:24 <cariboo907> give me a minute while I copy my notes from utopic

 18:24 <bapoumba> ok

 18:25 <cariboo907> it's #canonical-sysadmin

 18:26 <bapoumba> Hmm, no one is vanguard atm ..

 18:27 <bapoumba> OK, posted a message

 18:27 <bapoumba> we'll see

 18:28 <bapoumba> I have nothing else :)

 18:29 <cariboo907> if there's nothing else, we can end the meeting

 18:29 <bapoumba> yup

 18:29 <coffeecat> nothing here

 18:30 <Iowan> Nothing here

 18:30 <bapoumba> do you know how to file the logs ?

 18:30 <cariboo907> OK

 18:30 <cariboo907> I think it does it automagically when you end the meeting

 18:30 <bapoumba> OK

 18:30 <cariboo907> we'll see

 18:30 <cariboo907> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)