== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 27 Feb at 16:01 &mdash; 16:41 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2014/ubuntu-meeting.2014-02-27-16.01.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning round ===
The discussion about "Lightning round" started at 16:01.

  * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/upstart/+bug/1277594 

=== Bugs ===
The discussion about "Bugs" started at 16:27.

  * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-t-tracking-bug-tasks.html ?

=== AOB ===
The discussion about "AOB" started at 16:35.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * xnox (53)
 * slangasek (43)
 * stgraber (22)
 * jodh (19)
 * bdmurray (19)
 * ubottu (16)
 * barry (14)
 * doko_ (13)
 * cjwatson (12)
 * infinity (11)
 * caribou (5)
 * meetingology (3)



== Full Log ==


 16:01 <slangasek> #startmeeting

 16:01 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Feb 27 16:01:21 2014 UTC.  The chair is slangasek. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:01 <meetingology> 

 16:01 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 16:01 <slangasek> [TOPIC] Lightning round

 16:01 <slangasek> $ echo $(shuf -e barry doko stgraber jodh bdmurray slangasek cjwatson xnox caribou infinity)

 16:01 <slangasek> slangasek barry stgraber infinity doko cjwatson caribou bdmurray jodh xnox

 16:01 <doko_> can I go first?

 16:02 <slangasek> doko_: go ahead

 16:02 <doko_> have to leave early ...

 16:02 <doko_> - aarch64 compiler discussions

 16:02 <doko_> - updated various cross compiler packages, and fixed the powerpc cross

 16:02 <doko_> - transitions: octave, qhull, spatialite, ...

 16:02 <doko_> - rest of the time spent on +1 maintenance work

 16:02 <doko_> (done)

 16:03 <slangasek> * fixes for nfs-utils getting ready for an LTS (bug #1284210)

 16:03 <ubottu> bug 1284210 in nfs-utils (Ubuntu) "nfs-kernel-server mountd check only checks for nfsv3 via UDP, not TCP" [Undecided,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1284210

 16:04 <slangasek> * slowed down this week by a sprained finger and a head cold

 16:04 <slangasek> * otherwise, head down in customer-facing work, so nothing to report

 16:04 <slangasek> (done)

 16:04 <barry> system-image: 2.1-0ubuntu4 loaded on the train (landing 10) which fixes LP: #1279056, LP: #1277589, LP: #1260768, LP: #1284217 (backported).  Also, reviewed and merged our first external contribution LP: #1278589.  New image update stack (s-i, u-d-m, and s-s) in landing 10 tested and verified ready to go.  also tested s-i against new server layout.

 16:04 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1279056 in Ubuntu system image "All SignatureErrors should include the checksums and file paths of the offending files" [High,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1279056

 16:04 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1277589 in ubuntu-download-manager "Better protection against concurrent access" [Critical,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1277589

 16:04 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1260768 in system-image (Ubuntu) "Fix the ApplyUpdate() D-Bus API" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1260768

 16:04 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1284217 in system-image (Ubuntu) "[updates] Displays a spinner indefinitely when an update download was started externally" [Critical,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1284217

 16:05 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1278589 in Ubuntu system image "Support turning off https from channel.ini" [Wishlist,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1278589

 16:05 <barry> autopilot: more py3 discussions, we have a plan, once the ci train gets back on track.  worked on gallery-app but again, waiting on the train.  review https://github.com/rilmodem/ofono/pull/56

 16:05 <barry> ubu/deb: python-virutalenv 1.11.4-1 (fixes pip installation problem). LP: #1283742; investigating LP: #1272359; investigating LP: #1284469

 16:05 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1283742 in python-mock (Debian) "python-mock tests fail with python3.4" [Unknown,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1283742

 16:05 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1272359 in aptdaemon (Ubuntu) "needs porting to Python 3.4" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1272359

 16:05 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1284469 in python3.4 (Ubuntu) "Exception on installing/reconfiguring python3" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1284469

 16:05 <barry> other: ubuntu-on-air presentation on python 3 porting

 16:05 <barry> done

 16:05 <stgraber> LXC:

 16:05 <stgraber> - Released LXC 1.0 and dealt with the following flood of e-mails, comments, ...

 16:05 <stgraber> - Tracked down apparmor bug when switching profile on-eec on an overlayfs root (never happens...), workaround pushed to LXC upstream by Serge.

 16:05 <stgraber> - Fixed a couple more important but trivial bugs.

 16:05 <stgraber> - Sent patch to fix unprivileged containers started by root.

 16:05 <stgraber> - Reviewed patches to fix some of the main issues for distros shipping with an rshared / (systemd based distros mostly).

 16:05 <stgraber> - Planning to release 1.0.1 at some point next week.

 16:05 <stgraber> CGManager support for logind:

 16:05 <stgraber> - Got basic create/remove/chown/chmod working at the moment.

 16:05 <stgraber> - Current goal is to have the patch support all the basic cases we care about to create/destroy/list sessions, the rest will fallback to the fs interface if available.

 16:06 <stgraber> - That ought to be enough to get it working with cgmanager for unprivileged containers and for us to stop shipping cgroup-lite while not risking regressions for the main non-container case.

 16:06 <stgraber> System-image:

 16:06 <slangasek> barry: so does "loaded on the train" mean it's landed, or just that it's in a silo?

 16:06 <stgraber> - Applied a few changes for ports.

 16:06 <stgraber> - Discussed the required changes to allow http-only and https-only servers.

 16:06 <stgraber> - Helped a community member setup his server, quite a few more patches to review as a result.

 16:06 <stgraber> - Started planning the mass channel rename (/* => /ubuntu-touch/*), looks like all the tools will cope with this fine, just need some more tests and an announcement.

 16:06 <stgraber> Other:

 16:06 <stgraber> - Driving Beta 1 this week

 16:06 <stgraber> (DONE)

 16:06 <barry> slangasek: only the silo :/

 16:06 <slangasek> barry: ack

 16:07 <barry> stgraber: client trunk has support for turning off http or https

 16:07 <stgraber> barry: cool! the server branch support it too, so we just need to wait till the next client release and I'll be able to update the instructions.

 16:08 <barry> stgraber: i wonder if it's worth pushing out an s-i 2.2 for 14.04?  i guess that is dependent on getting 2.1 actually landed first.

 16:09 <slangasek> infinity: oh, your turn :)

 16:09 <stgraber> barry: 2.2 sounds good to me. I guess you're covered by the touch-packages FFe anyway, right?

 16:09 <barry> stgraber: i believe so, yes

 16:10 <infinity> slangasek: Lies.

 16:10 <infinity> slangasek: I'm just a tourist.

 16:10 <slangasek> infinity: you didn't end your statement with a (done)

 16:10 <infinity> I'M JUST A TOURIST (DONE)

 16:10 <cjwatson> welcome back to foundations, not that you really left :)

 16:11 <cjwatson> (modulo a day or three either way)

 16:11 <xnox> infinity says... whilst unlocking the safe full of golden bricks.

 16:11 * xnox loved that movie.

 16:12 * slangasek scratches his head

 16:12 <slangasek> cjwatson:

 16:12 <cjwatson> Oh yeah, confused by doko's reordering

 16:12 <cjwatson> Continuing work on libclick:

 16:12 <cjwatson> - Finished initial draft of C implementation.

 16:12 <cjwatson> - Decided that the amount of manual exception handling I was doing was ridiculous; rewrote in Vala.

 16:13 <cjwatson> - Got some simpler bits of the test suite working against the new library.

 16:13 <cjwatson> - Fighting with getting the rest of the test suite to work.  I want to be able to use mostly the same Python test code, which is reasonably feasible with GI, but also to be able to install mock functions that affect native code.  I think I have a nearly-functional if alarming answer ...

 16:13 <cjwatson> Cleaned up loose end of d-i/HTTPS support (enabled Acquire::https::Verify-Host in unauthenticated-SSL mode).

 16:13 <cjwatson> ..

 16:13 * xnox slangasek: The Tourist, Angelina Jolie, Johnny Depp...

 16:14 <slangasek> caribou: hi, anything you want to share this week?

 16:15 <caribou> * Continued work on kdump problem

 16:15 <caribou> * some language training & tests

 16:15 <caribou> (done)

 16:15 <bdmurray> research into failed to retrace crashes on the error tracker

 16:15 <bdmurray> updated ubuntu-assets errors with javascript changes from mpt after merging his branches

 16:15 <bdmurray> updated ErrorTracker/Deployment wiki page with more info about assets

 16:15 <bdmurray> fixed an issue in errors with Launchpad bugs for kerneloops not being displayed (r454)

 16:15 <bdmurray> fixed an issue with the error tracking not returning all the linux binary packages

 16:15 <bdmurray> modifications to rate of crashes calculation for the phased updater

 16:15 <bdmurray> pushed change to errors to use new rls:srcpkg:pgk_version counters for rate of crashes calculation

 16:16 <bdmurray> bug triage of foundations bugs, ubuntu-release-upgrader bugs

 16:16 <bdmurray> helped kiko debug an upgrade failure

 16:16 <bdmurray> merged fix for update-notifier bug 1282760

 16:16 <ubottu> bug 1282760 in update-notifier (Ubuntu) "update-motd-fsck-at-reboot claims that partitions will be checked even if check is disabled in fstab" [Medium,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1282760

 16:16 <bdmurray> investigation into apt-clone failure on !amd64 !i386

 16:16 <bdmurray> +1 maintenance

 16:16 <bdmurray> investigation into and fix of ubuntu-release-upgrader test failures with python3.4

 16:16 <bdmurray> pushed ubuntu-release-upgrader fix for bug 1272387

 16:16 <ubottu> bug 1272387 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu) "needs porting to Python 3.4" [Medium,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1272387

 16:16 <bdmurray> SRU team work and mentoring

 16:16 <bdmurray> dealing with a kerneloops on my desktop

 16:16 <bdmurray> ⌁ done ⌁

 16:16 <slangasek> caribou: "language training"?

 16:16 <barry> bdmurray: you are the new ev

 16:16 <infinity> slangasek: English is hard.

 16:16 <jodh> * foundations-1305-upstart-work-items:

 16:16 <jodh> - core-1311-upstart-roadmap: cgroup support:

 16:16 <jodh> - After discussions with hallyn+stgraber on leveraging the cgmanager

 16:16 <jodh> code by reworking it into libcgmanager-core, transpires that this

 16:16 <jodh> strategy is not realistic. Hence, continuing to work on the fix

 16:16 <jodh> for the state machine issue (along with all the tests).

 16:16 <jodh> * ppc64el:

 16:16 <jodh> - Investigated dep8 test failures for nih+upstart. Currently looking

 16:17 <jodh> at sbuild and pbuilder failures.

 16:17 <jodh> ✨

 16:17 <caribou> slangasek: after years of playing around with C, I thought it would be useful to learn pythone

 16:17 <slangasek> infinity: I thought he meant that English was misbehaving and he was taking it to obedience school

 16:17 <caribou> pythone = python with ze french accent

 16:17 <slangasek> caribou: ah :)

 16:17 <jodh> darn - my chosen utf-8 char doesn't appear to render in weechat.

 16:17 <jodh> ⌁ done ⌁

 16:17 <jodh> bdmurray: immitation and flattery... :)

 16:18 <xnox> jodh: looks fine here... whatever it is.. twinkle stars?

 16:18 <jodh> yeah - "twinkles"

 16:18 <xnox> * python3 migration:

 16:18 <xnox> - the big blockers: phablet-tools (phablet-test-run), unity8,

 16:18 <xnox> ubuntu-ui-toolkit, ofono-scripts (thanks to pitti) are all ported

 16:18 <xnox> to python3 and awaiting landing, when landings resume again.

 16:18 <xnox> - most of other apps/clicks, are also ported, and pending landings.

 16:18 <xnox> - along the way fixed packageit default backend to use python3 bug

 16:18 <xnox> #1283574

 16:18 <xnox> - made upstart-app-launch to not pull in gtk3/python2 via zeitgeist

 16:18 <xnox> meta-package dependency.

 16:18 <xnox> - porting gdebi to python3 or unseeding it from touch is remaining

 16:18 <xnox> bigish task

 16:18 <xnox> * toolchains:

 16:18 <xnox> - provided gcc-4.8 androideabi cross-toolchain for rsalveti, to

 16:18 <xnox> hopefully build both android-system.img with 4.8 and

 16:18 <xnox> hybris/platform-api with 4.8 and thus get us off 4.7.

 16:18 <xnox> - refreshed arm cross-toolchains base packages to pick up eglibc

 16:18 <xnox> 2.19.

 16:18 <xnox> - working on i686-android cross-toolchain to start building x86

 16:18 <xnox> emulator in the archive.

 16:18 <xnox> * installer:

 16:18 <xnox> - working to land proper fixes for bug #1012629

 16:18 <xnox> - unbroke ubiquity for beta1 bug #1282640

 16:18 <ubottu> bug 1012629 in grub-installer (Ubuntu Precise) "grub-installer ignores "bootdev" setting in preseed file" [Undecided,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1012629

 16:19 <xnox> * random:

 16:19 <ubottu> bug 1282640 in ubiquity (Ubuntu Trusty) "ubiquity crashed with AttributeError in item_str(): 'list' object has no attribute 'find'" [Critical,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1282640

 16:19 <xnox> - removed vintage COF logo from all theme packages i could find

 16:19 <xnox> - my PC RAM has memtest errors, sent of for RMA thanks to lifetime

 16:19 <xnox> warranty. Recommendations on good 32GB (4x8GB) DDR3 RAM are

 16:19 <xnox> welcome. Should I go for ECC?

 16:19 <xnox> - working on my non-thinkpad, and not doing dm-raid work, will get

 16:19 <xnox> replacement ram asap.

 16:19 <xnox> ..

 16:19 <slangasek> xnox: is the move to gcc-4.8 for android looking promising?  or do we not know yet if it works?

 16:20 <xnox> slangasek: i have gcc-4.8 toolchain in a PPA, and i know that android-4.4 does _not_ compile, as it has -Werror everywhere, and it's not 4.8-clean...

 16:20 <slangasek> k

 16:20 <doko_> doesn't google have its own 4.8 branch for android?

 16:21 <xnox> slangasek: in theory it should all work, in practice i remember starting out with 4.8, and reverting back to 4.7. Cause at the time nobody was on 4.8 (even linaro)

 16:21 * slangasek nods

 16:21 <xnox> doko_: there is a google branch of 4.8, for master, not used by default. (not enabled for 4.4 release, nor kitkat stable branches, so i take it's for 4.5 or later...)

 16:22 <slangasek> any other questions about your teammates' status?

 16:22 <infinity> jodh: Is my pet session bug still on your radar?

 16:23 <jodh> infinity: I'm sure we can add that to the next release, assuming we get the MP backlog cleared (hint directed at other upstart devs ;)

 16:24 <xnox> infinity: jodh: what's the pet bug?

 16:24 <infinity> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/upstart/+bug/1277594

 16:24 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1277594 in upstart (Ubuntu) "Please make --no-sessions the default, and add a cmdline option for the inverse" [Undecided,New]

 16:24 <xnox> infinity: with or without my crazy backwards compatible name for the option?! =)

 16:25 <infinity> ...

 16:25 <infinity> No, please not --no-no-sessions :P

 16:25 <slangasek> --bad-touch-sessions

 16:26 <jodh> --jfdwiw

 16:26 <infinity> If you implement that one successfully, we're all out of a job.

 16:26 <jodh> infinity: ;D

 16:26 * jodh wonders if systemd has that one... ;)

 16:27 <slangasek> infinity: pretty sure if somebody implements that, we have lucrative careers ahead of us extricating users from what they said they wanted

 16:27 <infinity> No, systemd has --jfdwlw

 16:27 <xnox> slangasek: i was thinking to change --no-sessions to take a bool, with "true" as default, thus --no-sessions[=true] is default, and --no-sessions=false to re-enable them.

 16:27 <infinity> slangasek: Ahh, you're seeing it as an equivalent to --genie?

 16:27 <xnox> slangasek: this saves introducing an option.

 16:27 <slangasek> xnox: no opinion :)

 16:27 <barry> jodh: you just need to link in libjfdwiwastfu

 16:27 <slangasek> [TOPIC] Bugs

 16:28 <xnox> barry: i thought it's ldpreload, no?!

 16:28 <slangasek> bdmurray: so doko_ brought up a question about bug tracking

 16:28 <jodh> barry: heehee

 16:28 <barry> xnox: right! it allows you to call into python3-jfdi

 16:28 <bdmurray> about milestones correct?

 16:28 <slangasek> we haven't been systematically tracking bugs this cycle... I've been having a hard time even finding the page with the report :/

 16:29 <slangasek> bdmurray: yes

 16:29 <doko_> heh

 16:29 <xnox> barry: yes, but only vi gobject-introspection =))))

 16:29 <xnox> s/vi/via/

 16:29 * doko_ has to leave now ...

 16:29 <barry> s/vi/emacs

 16:29 <slangasek> http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-t-tracking-bug-tasks.html ?

 16:30 <slangasek> doko_: so the process hasn't changed, we've just been bad about following it :)

 16:30 <bdmurray> yes, that has the ones with an Trusty task

 16:31 <slangasek> can I ask that everyone take a look at the bugs on that report over the next week, and help make sure it's tracking the right issues for release?

 16:32 <slangasek> (claiming bugs you'll work on, and adding any bugs to the list that you think should be there by setting the right bug target + rls-t-incoming tag)

 16:32 <xnox> well bug #1246539 is fixed as part of driving python2 off touch images.

 16:32 <ubottu> bug 1246539 in packagekit (Ubuntu Trusty) "get-distro-upgrade.py needs to be converted to python3" [Medium,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1246539

 16:32 <xnox> slangasek: right, ack.

 16:32 <doko_> slangasek, ok, and does anybody move the milestones? and which ones to ise by default?

 16:32 <xnox> ..

 16:33 <xnox> doko_: just needs targetting to series trusty, no milestone needed.

 16:33 <slangasek> doko_: we mostly haven't been using the milestones for bugs

 16:33 <doko_> ok

 16:33 <doko_> away now

 16:34 <xnox> bug #1277865 - looks strange, we do resize& use_free installation, on a system that does _not_ have ESP, yet try to install grub-efi into one, and we didn't crate ESP as part of resize and install.

 16:34 <ubottu> bug 1277865 in grub-installer (Ubuntu) "Cannot install Ubuntu 14.04 on EFI hardware" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1277865

 16:35 <slangasek> [TOPIC] AOB

 16:35 <slangasek> anything else?

 16:35 <slangasek> fyi, if your blueprints aren't in already for vUDS, they're late :P

 16:36 <barry> slangasek: i really have nothing new for vUDS.  i don't really see much of a point in fast forwarding the older blueprints and discussing them again.

 16:36 <slangasek> barry: indeed

 16:37 <slangasek> but anything you *do* want discussed should have been registered by now :)

 16:37 <stgraber> same here, I didn't submit anything because we're past FeatureFreeze and the remaining work is pretty clear (bugs!).

 16:38 <cjwatson> slangasek: so I *cough* haven't registered the Qt versions blueprint you asked me to do yet - is that still relevant in light of recent mail threads?  do you want it rephrased as how we're handling this on an ongoing basis?

 16:39 <xnox> slangasek: unless there isn't one, pruning useless technologies off the touch images would be a good one. E.g. gtk2, gtk3, X11 libraries, etc.

 16:39 <slangasek> cjwatson: my intent was to discuss early what the plan is for next cycle and going forward... definitely still relevant AFAICS

 16:39 <cjwatson> k

 16:39 <xnox> slangasek: and blacklisting them / establishing policy for touch-seed.

 16:40 <slangasek> xnox: if you think it's useful to have a discussion about this (planning how to divide and conquer the work?), please register it :)

 16:40 <xnox> slangasek: ack.

 16:40 <xnox> (need to check how much of that work is left...)

 16:41 <slangasek> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)