== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting: ubuntu-server-team, 09 Dec at 16:05 &mdash; 16:19 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2014/ubuntu-meeting.2014-12-09-16.05.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ServerTeam/Meeting 
=== Review ACTION points from previous meeting ===
The discussion about "Review ACTION points from previous meeting" started at 16:05.

  * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-v-tracking-bug-tasks.html 
  * ''ACTION:'' : matsubara re-check on http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-v-tracking-bug-tasks.html#ubuntu-server

=== Vivid Development ===
The discussion about "Vivid Development" started at 16:09.

  * ''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/VividVervet/ReleaseSchedule 
 * '''Release Bugs''' (16:10)
 * '''Blueprints''' (16:10)
  * ''LINK:'' http://status.ubuntu.com/ubuntu-v/group/topic-v-server.html 

=== Server & Cloud Bugs (caribou) ===
The discussion about "Server & Cloud Bugs (caribou)" started at 16:12.


=== Weekly Updates & Questions for the QA Team (psivaa) ===
The discussion about "Weekly Updates & Questions for the QA Team (psivaa)" started at 16:12.


=== Weekly Updates & Questions for the Kernel Team (smb, sforshee, arges) ===
The discussion about "Weekly Updates & Questions for the Kernel Team (smb, sforshee, arges)" started at 16:13.


=== Ubuntu Server Team Events ===
The discussion about "Ubuntu Server Team Events" started at 16:14.


=== Open Discussion ===
The discussion about "Open Discussion" started at 16:16.


=== Announce next meeting date and time ===
The discussion about "Announce next meeting date and time" started at 16:19.




== Vote results ==




== Action items, by person ==

 * matsubara
  * : matsubara re-check on http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-v-tracking-bug-tasks.html#ubuntu-server



== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * smoser (40)
 * meetingology (4)
 * kickinz1 (4)
 * psivaa_ (3)
 * matsubara (3)
 * coreycb (2)
 * beisner (2)
 * jamespage (1)
 * arges (1)
 * gaughen (1)
 * caribou (1)
 * smb (1)
 * zul (1)



== Full Log ==


 16:05 <smoser> #startmeeting ubuntu-server-team

 16:05 <meetingology> Meeting started Tue Dec  9 16:05:28 2014 UTC.  The chair is smoser. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:05 <meetingology> 

 16:05 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 16:05 <jamespage> o/

 16:05 <smoser> welcome everyone to the UbuntuServerTeam meeting

 16:05 <smoser> https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ServerTeam/Meeting

 16:05 <smoser> #topic Review ACTION points from previous meeting

 16:06 <smoser> matsubara to chase someone that can update release bugs report

 16:06 <smoser> hm..

 16:07 <smoser> must just be empty ?

 16:07 <smoser> is that possible ?

 16:07 <smoser> or still broken

 16:07 <smoser> the bug is marked fixed release

 16:07 <smoser> but http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/ showszero length 'rls-v-tracking-bug-tasks.html'

 16:07 <kickinz1> o/

 16:07 <matsubara> smoser, that's fixed

 16:08 <smoser> matsubara, but its empty.

 16:08 <smoser> http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-v-tracking-bug-tasks.html

 16:08 <matsubara> smoser, hmm last week when I looked at that report there was some content.

 16:08 <smoser> could you dig a bit again ?

 16:09 <matsubara> smoser, yep, keep the action please

 16:09 * smoser matsubara re-check on http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-v-tracking-bug-tasks.html#ubuntu-server

 16:09 <smoser> #ACTION: matsubara re-check on http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-v-tracking-bug-tasks.html#ubuntu-server

 16:09 * meetingology : matsubara re-check on http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-v-tracking-bug-tasks.html#ubuntu-server

 16:09 <smoser> #topic Vivid Development

 16:10 <smoser> #link https://wiki.ubuntu.com/VividVervet/ReleaseSchedule

 16:10 <smoser> alpha-1 is coming up.

 16:10 <smoser> decemer 18.

 16:10 <smoser> #subtopic Release Bugs

 16:10 <smoser> we'll skip that given action above

 16:10 <smoser> #subtopic Blueprints

 16:11 <smoser> #link http://status.ubuntu.com/ubuntu-v/group/topic-v-server.html

 16:12 <smoser> please do take a look at the things you're expecting to do for vivid and make sure they're covered in blueprints

 16:12 <smoser> #topic Server & Cloud Bugs (caribou)

 16:12 <caribou> smoser: nothing outstanding to say this week

 16:12 <smoser> #topic Weekly Updates & Questions for the QA Team (psivaa)

 16:13 <psivaa_> smoser: nothing from here for this week too

 16:13 <psivaa_> smoser: would help if you could find someone on QA team for this meeting :), i am not working in the QA team anymoer

 16:13 <smoser> #topic Weekly Updates & Questions for the Kernel Team (smb, sforshee, arges)

 16:13 <smb> Not from my side. arges, sforshee?

 16:13 <arges> nope

 16:14 <smoser> psivaa_, ok. thanks.

 16:14 <smoser> #topic Ubuntu Server Team Events

 16:14 <smoser> anyoen have anythign here ?

 16:15 <beisner> psivaa_, smoser - i'll work on finding our new qa team rep.

 16:15 <beisner> thanks psivaa_ !

 16:16 <psivaa_> beisner: thank you

 16:16 <smoser> beisner, thank you

 16:16 <smoser> #topic Open Discussion

 16:16 <smoser> anything

 16:17 <coreycb> zul likes turtles

 16:18 <kickinz1> snappy released!

 16:18 <zul> indeed

 16:18 <kickinz1> ubuntu.com/snappy

 16:18 <coreycb> kickinz1, nice!

 16:18 <smoser> yeah, thanks kickinz1 . thanks to all who worked on that.

 16:18 <smoser> gaughen, and kickinz1 made a lot of effort to pull this together

 16:18 <kickinz1> yes, lot of people need to go to bed now... ;)

 16:19 <smoser> #topic Announce next meeting date and time

 16:19 <smoser> next meeting is Tuesday 2014-12-16 at 1600 UTC

 16:19 <smoser> and kickinz1 will lead for us

 16:19 <gaughen> kickinz1, and smoser - you both did. ROCKIN WORK GUYS!!!!@!!!!!!!!

 16:19 <smoser> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)