== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting: Ubuntu Forums Council Meeting, 01 Jun at 20:02 &mdash; 20:24 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2014/ubuntu-meeting.2014-06-01-20.02.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

''LINK:'' http://ubuntuforums.org/showthread.php?t=2225770 
''ACTION:'' s-fox to create the starter thread for each of the topics
''ACTION:'' s-fox to do the report



== Vote results ==




== Action items, by person ==

 * s-fox
  * s-fox to create the starter thread for each of the topics
  * s-fox to do the report



== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * s-fox (36)
 * Iowan (12)
 * howefield (10)
 * coffeecat (8)
 * meetingology (7)



== Full Log ==


 20:02 <s-fox> #startmeeting Ubuntu Forums Council Meeting

 20:02 <meetingology> Meeting started Sun Jun  1 20:02:58 2014 UTC.  The chair is s-fox. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 20:02 <meetingology> 

 20:02 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 20:03 <s-fox> #chair s-fox

 20:03 <meetingology> Current chairs: s-fox

 20:03 <s-fox> #voters s-fox Iowan coffeecat Iowan howefield

 20:03 <meetingology> Current voters: Iowan coffeecat howefield s-fox

 20:04 <s-fox> Okay, nothing on the agenda. so i guess the main thing to go over is the todo list elfy posted last week

 20:05 <s-fox> I think the list we have now is pretty much everything now, so thank you for putting it together

 20:08 <s-fox> I haven't been online much this week, but it looks like we still need to put up a thread for each of the items

 20:08 <s-fox> I can do that tomorrow, unless anyone wants to do it sooner.

 20:08 <s-fox> Any objections ?

 20:09 <Iowan> I can't find 'em ATM, but i remember some of the items looked interesting...

 20:09 <Iowan> No objections.

 20:09 <howefield> Iowan

 20:10 <howefield> http://ubuntuforums.org/showthread.php?t=2225770

 20:10 <s-fox> here is the thread - http://ubuntuforums.org/showthread.php?t=2225770

 20:10 <s-fox> it got stuck

 20:11 <s-fox> #action s-fox to create the starter thread for each of the topics

 20:11 * meetingology s-fox to create the starter thread for each of the topics

 20:11 <Iowan> probably why I couldn't fine it - who reads stickies? ;)

 20:11 <s-fox> Does anyone have anything else to bring up in the meeting?

 20:12 <Iowan> nothing here.

 20:12 <howefield> nothing for public consumption from me.

 20:12 <coffeecat> nothing

 20:13 <s-fox> Okay, well I will be around properly next week. The docs gave me some meds and i am no longer dying :)

 20:13 <s-fox> sorry, new

 20:13 <howefield> good to hear.

 20:13 <howefield> about no longer dying, I mean.

 20:13 <Iowan> Good news - finding replacement admins is sSUCH a chore ;)

 20:13 <s-fox> lol

 20:14 <howefield> you'd be surprised.

 20:14 <s-fox> oh, i saw something on the ml about someone wanting unbanning.

 20:14 <s-fox> has that been resolved, or is it still ongoing?

 20:15 <coffeecat> that was a recurra-troll if I'm thinking about the same one. At least 4 previous alter egos.

 20:15 <Iowan> Thought howefield got that one...

 20:15 <s-fox> okay, great

 20:15 <Iowan> (not the recurratroll)

 20:15 <howefield> if that is matt114 you refer to, finished as far as I am concerned.

 20:16 <coffeecat> yep - previous was 64bitiso going back to someone we banned who kept trolling at about the time of the forum coming up again after the security breach.

 20:16 <howefield> that's the one.

 20:17 <s-fox> well, glad it's been sorted.

 20:18 <s-fox> I guess one of the few things we have to do this month deciding who will do what

 20:18 <s-fox> who fancies the report?  i don't mind doing it

 20:18 <s-fox> haven't done it for a little while

 20:18 <Iowan> No argument!

 20:19 <s-fox> #action s-fox to do the report

 20:19 * meetingology s-fox to do the report

 20:20 <s-fox> how are we looking for the archiving at the moment?

 20:20 <s-fox> are we good, or is it outstanding?

 20:20 <coffeecat> archiving?

 20:20 <s-fox> yeah, the old threads

 20:21 <Iowan> Have we done that since re-install?

 20:21 <s-fox> i'm not certain

 20:21 <coffeecat> That's something Elfy seems to be interested in. Can't say I it floats my boat whatsoever.

 20:22 <s-fox> Maybe we should talk more about  it in the threads i'm going to create in the morning

 20:22 <s-fox> i am 99% sure it is one of the items

 20:22 <howefield> makes sense.

 20:22 <Iowan> +1

 20:22 <coffeecat> yes it's in the list. At the top! :)

 20:23 <s-fox> Okay, lets carry on

 20:23 <s-fox> Any other tasks that we try to alternate?

 20:23 <s-fox> the ml to me seems the one that needs to the most "effort"

 20:23 <Iowan> Pretty much everything else is tag-team

 20:23 <coffeecat> I *think* everything else -ml, RC etc - is first-come first do.

 20:23 <s-fox> *report*

 20:24 <s-fox> okay, i am ready to end it and go back to bed :)

 20:24 <howefield> nighty night.

 20:24 <s-fox> good to end it?

 20:24 <Iowan> YEp!

 20:24 <coffeecat> +1

 20:24 <s-fox> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)