== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 06 Apr at 20:01 &mdash; 20:40 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2014/ubuntu-meeting.2014-04-06-20.01.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Moderator Polling ===
The discussion about "Moderator Polling" started at 20:02.

  * ''Vote:'' Complete poll with the nominees we have currently (Denied)
  * ''Vote:'' Complete this round using the previous method, and look at increasing the advertising in 6 months time (Carried)

=== AOB ===
The discussion about "AOB" started at 20:29.

  * ''ACTION:'' s-fox to contact Canonical IS re mobile theme

=== Team Report ===
The discussion about "Team Report" started at 20:33.

  * ''ACTION:'' howefield Team Report

=== Next Meeting ===
The discussion about "Next Meeting" started at 20:36.

  * ''ACTION:'' FC to discuss meeting times for next 6 months



 * [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2014/ubuntu-meeting.2014-04-06-20.01.log.html#92 Complete this round using the previous method, and look at increasing the advertising in 6 months time]]
  * Motion carried (For/Against/Abstained 3/1/1)
   *  Voters elfy, howefield, Iowan, s-fox, coffeecat
 * [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2014/ubuntu-meeting.2014-04-06-20.01.log.html#73 Complete poll with the nominees we have currently]]
  * Motion carried (For/Against/Abstained 2/3/0)
   *  Voters howefield, coffeecat, Iowan, s-fox, elfy
== Vote results ==




== Action items, by person ==

 * howefield
  * howefield Team Report
 * s-fox
  * s-fox to contact Canonical IS re mobile theme



== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * elfy (77)
 * meetingology (32)
 * howefield (15)
 * s-fox (15)
 * Iowan (12)
 * coffeecat (9)



== Full Log ==


 20:01 <elfy> #startmeeting

 20:01 <meetingology> Meeting started Sun Apr  6 20:01:14 2014 UTC.  The chair is elfy. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 20:01 <meetingology> 

 20:01 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 20:01 <elfy> #chair coffeecat elfy howefield s-fox

 20:01 <meetingology> Current chairs: coffeecat elfy howefield s-fox

 20:02 <elfy> agenda is at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ForumCouncilAgenda

 20:02 <elfy> and is short :)

 20:02 <elfy> #topic Moderator Polling

 20:03 <elfy> so a quick update of where we are

 20:03 <coffeecat> Meetingology seems to think there are 4 chairs. Just thought I'd let you know. ;-)

 20:03 <meetingology> coffeecat: Error: "seems" is not a valid command.

 20:03 <elfy> we have 2 nominations from people other than the Forum Council

 20:04 <elfy> we have 4 nominations from us

 20:04 <elfy> so the question is - do we carry on knowing that 4 of the 6 are people that we nominated - or do we put this down to us not letting enough people know

 20:05 <elfy> EVEN if we did let those who could actually vote and nominate know

 20:05 <elfy> I note that not 1 nomination came from anyone on the current moderation team

 20:05 <elfy> update updated :)

 20:05 <elfy> comments from the rest of us please :)

 20:05 <howefield> my feeling is that we have enough candidates for a ballot, so would be good to continue the process.

 20:06 <howefield> I acknowledge that the lack of self nominated candidate is not a great place to be though.

 20:08 <s-fox> I think the situation is not ideal but I have faith in the names in front of us

 20:09 <howefield> yep, me too

 20:10 <coffeecat> On the one hand it would be good to have a ballot if only to see how many members actually bothered to vote.  On the other we have 6 names we are happy with and if we are happy to appoint six, then the vote becomes a bit pointless.

 20:10 <elfy> my issue is

 20:11 <elfy> if we had 6 people that were nominated by Forum Members then that would be great

 20:11 <elfy> we are in a position where not only would we be happy with the 2 that were nominated by other than us

 20:11 <elfy> we would also be happy with the 4 that we had to nominate

 20:11 <elfy> at that point we're running a rigged ballot

 20:12 <elfy> in so many words

 20:12 <howefield> the process ensures that the FC are happy with all candidates put forward.

 20:12 <s-fox> o/

 20:12 <elfy> I'd prefer us to learn from this - while we only have a cetain group of people who can vote - there's nothing to stop us letting the WHOLE forum know

 20:12 <elfy> I think we mucked up there

 20:13 <elfy> s-fox: go

 20:13 <s-fox> Rigged, possibly but no different to how we've worked before behind closed doors. This was a spectacular failure but we should learn from it.

 20:14 <elfy> yes - same as before, possibly we should have included the whole forum in the 'knowing' at least

 20:15 <howefield> that would be reasonable, imho.

 20:15 <s-fox> Perhaps the whole forum to vote, but only candidates be the ubuntu forum members

 20:15 <elfy> s-fox: not sure about that

 20:16 <elfy> not sure we can poll on the forum and only let people vote the once

 20:16 <s-fox> Hello Iowan

 20:16 <elfy> #chair Iowan

 20:16 <meetingology> Current chairs: Iowan coffeecat elfy howefield s-fox

 20:17 <coffeecat> all 5 of us appear to be chair. Shouldn't the comand be vote?

 20:18 <elfy> coffeecat: doesn't matter I think

 20:18 <elfy> and when there's a vote I'll do that

 20:18 <coffeecat> ok - never seen a m e etiunglology tab before.

 20:18 <elfy> how safe would a forum wide poll be?

 20:19 <elfy> coffeecat: meetingology has changed lately

 20:19 <elfy> I'm not sure that I would be happy with a poll forum wide to be honest - one of the points of forum membership was they would get a say

 20:19 <howefield> we need to get past the issue of securing sufficent candidates before worrying about voting :)

 20:19 <coffeecat> forum wide poll *should* be safe. If we ever got to the point of having one, we could investigate if there was a really weird result for one person.

 20:19 <elfy> even if it does look like they aren't interested

 20:20 <elfy> howefield: agreed

 20:20 <elfy> Iowan: you caught up on the logs ?

 20:20 <Iowan> not quite...

 20:21 <elfy> the way I see it for now is we vote on

 20:21 <elfy> 1 - carry on with a poll with the names we have given the cons of where we are

 20:21 <elfy> 2 - go back to the old way this time and advertise the whole polling issue more widely next time

 20:23 <elfy> just wait for Iowan to catch up and comment

 20:23 <Iowan> I think I have the gist...

 20:23 <elfy> ok

 20:23 <Iowan> Dunno that I have a lot to comment.

 20:24 <elfy> ok

 20:24 <Iowan> Turnout was underwhelming...

 20:24 <elfy> s-fox coffeecat howefield Iowan - happy to vote ?

 20:25 <Iowan> OK

 20:25 <howefield> sure - go ahead, thanks.

 20:25 <coffeecat> yep

 20:25 <elfy> #voters elfy howefield s-fox coffeecat Iowan

 20:25 <meetingology> Current voters: Iowan coffeecat elfy howefield s-fox

 20:26 <elfy> #vote Complete poll with the nominees we have currently

 20:26 <meetingology> Please vote on: Complete poll with the nominees we have currently

 20:26 <meetingology> Public votes can be registered by saying +1, +0 or -1 in channel, (for private voting, private message me with 'vote +1/-1/+0 #channelname)

 20:26 <howefield> +1

 20:26 <meetingology> +1 received from howefield

 20:26 <Iowan> +1

 20:26 <meetingology> +1 received from Iowan

 20:26 <coffeecat> -1

 20:26 <meetingology> -1 received from coffeecat

 20:27 <s-fox> -1

 20:27 <meetingology> -1 received from s-fox

 20:27 <elfy> -1

 20:27 <meetingology> -1 received from elfy

 20:27 <elfy> #endvote

 20:27 <meetingology> Voting ended on: Complete poll with the nominees we have currently

 20:27 <meetingology> Votes for:2 Votes against:3 Abstentions:0

 20:27 <meetingology> Motion denied

 20:27 <s-fox> It just doesn't feel right

 20:28 <howefield> problem is, it doesn't feel right either way :(

 20:28 <elfy> #vote Complete this round using the previous method, and look at increasing the advertising in 6 months time

 20:28 <meetingology> Please vote on: Complete this round using the previous method, and look at increasing the advertising in 6 months time

 20:28 <meetingology> Public votes can be registered by saying +1, +0 or -1 in channel, (for private voting, private message me with 'vote +1/-1/+0 #channelname)

 20:28 <elfy> +1

 20:28 <meetingology> +1 received from elfy

 20:28 <howefield> -1

 20:28 <meetingology> -1 received from howefield

 20:28 <coffeecat> +1

 20:28 <meetingology> +1 received from coffeecat

 20:28 <elfy> howefield: yea I agree

 20:28 <Iowan> +0

 20:28 <meetingology> +0 received from Iowan

 20:28 <s-fox> +1

 20:28 <meetingology> +1 received from s-fox

 20:29 <elfy> #endvote

 20:29 <meetingology> Voting ended on: Complete this round using the previous method, and look at increasing the advertising in 6 months time

 20:29 <meetingology> Votes for:3 Votes against:1 Abstentions:1

 20:29 <meetingology> Motion carried

 20:29 <elfy> ok - thanks for that bit then

 20:29 <elfy> #topic AOB

 20:29 <elfy> Anyone got anything else they want to talk to us about?

 20:30 <Iowan> AOB?

 20:30 <elfy> or indeed anyone of us want to talk about anything else :)

 20:30 <elfy> any other business

 20:30 <Iowan> Tnx

 20:30 <s-fox> The CSS thing is still waiting on IS input

 20:30 <elfy> s-fox: there is a ticket for it isn't there?

 20:31 <s-fox> Yes

 20:31 <elfy> anyone up for taking an action to contact them?

 20:31 <s-fox> I'll prod in the morning

 20:32 <elfy> ok

 20:32 <elfy> #action s-fox to contact Canonical IS re mobile theme

 20:32 * meetingology s-fox to contact Canonical IS re mobile theme

 20:32 <elfy> anything else from anyone?

 20:32 <howefield> not from me, thanks.

 20:33 <Iowan> NAda

 20:33 <coffeecat> not here

 20:33 <s-fox> Nothing else.

 20:33 <elfy> #topic Team Report

 20:33 <elfy> who did that last time - was you I think s-fox ?

 20:34 <s-fox> Yes

 20:34 * elfy thinks the new boy should do that at least once, just like I did it at least once :p

 20:34 <howefield> I should, not having done it yet.

 20:34 <elfy> #action howefield Team Report

 20:34 * meetingology howefield Team Report

 20:34 <howefield> :)

 20:35 <elfy> there are no votable Membership Applications at the moment

 20:35 <elfy> and the team report is now the only rotating thing we do now I believe

 20:35 <elfy> am I right?

 20:35 <howefield> indeed :)

 20:36 <Iowan> AFAIK, yes

 20:36 <elfy> #topic Next Meeting

 20:37 <elfy> the calendar show's 2 for May - there appears to be one for 19:00UTC - I think that was my mistake I'll contact them to do that

 20:37 <s-fox> We should change the time for the Americans / Canadians

 20:37 <elfy> #action elfy Clean up the Calendar

 20:37 * meetingology elfy Clean up the Calendar

 20:37 <howefield> that's a UK Bank Holiday weekend, is that an issue ?

 20:37 <elfy> s-fox: I asked in Admins thread

 20:37 <Iowan> This American is OK with anythiing after noon (locally)

 20:38 <elfy> :)

 20:38 <elfy> I think that cariboo907 is generally ok as well

 20:39 <elfy> lets talk about that amongst ourselves during the week then I'll deal with the calendar then

 20:39 <elfy> #undo

 20:39 <meetingology> Removing item from minutes: ACTION

 20:39 <s-fox> +1

 20:39 <elfy> #action FC to discuss meeting times for next 6 months

 20:39 * meetingology FC to discuss meeting times for next 6 months

 20:39 <elfy> as they will be the summer time ones

 20:40 <elfy> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)