== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 06 Oct at 17:16 &mdash; 18:05 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2014/ubuntu-meeting.2014-10-06-17.16.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting 
=== Review of any previous action items ===
The discussion about "Review of any previous action items" started at 17:17.


=== Highlighted packages ===
The discussion about "Highlighted packages" started at 18:03.

  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/fusionforge.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/iodine.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/pigz.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/cakephp.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/ekiga.html 

=== Miscellaneous and Questions ===
The discussion about "Miscellaneous and Questions" started at 18:03.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * jdstrand (69)
 * sbeattie (16)
 * tyhicks (15)
 * jjohansen (13)
 * ubottu (4)
 * sarnold (3)
 * meetingology (3)



== Full Log ==


 17:16 <jdstrand> #startmeeting

 17:16 <meetingology> Meeting started Mon Oct  6 17:16:55 2014 UTC.  The chair is jdstrand. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 17:16 <meetingology> 

 17:16 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 17:16 <jdstrand> The meeting agenda can be found at:

 17:16 <jdstrand> [LINK] https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting

 17:17 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Review of any previous action items

 17:17 <jdstrand> I'll go first

 17:17 <jdstrand> I'm on community this week

 17:17 <jdstrand> quite a few apparmor related items have come up that need to land

 17:18 <jdstrand> there is a click-apparmor update for adjusting CLICK_DIR. it is ready, but it needs testing

 17:18 <jdstrand> there is apparmor-easyprof-ubuntu for a new template (ubuntu-push-helper)

 17:19 <jdstrand> and there is apparmor itself, which is mostly in sbeattie's court, but may need a couple of tweaks to the init script and bug #1377338

 17:19 <jdstrand> that creates click-reviewers-tools changes

 17:19 <ubottu> bug 1377338 in apparmor (Ubuntu) "apparmor may fail to load some profiles if one is corrupted" [Critical,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1377338

 17:19 <jdstrand> and I still haven't updated UCT for derivative branches

 17:20 <jdstrand> mdes laur is off today

 17:20 <jdstrand> sbeattie: you're up

 17:20 <sbeattie> I'm on apparmor this week

 17:20 <jdstrand> sbeattie: (also, before you hand off to tyhicks, I'll have some questions)

 17:20 <sbeattie> jdstrand: okay

 17:20 <sbeattie> as jdstrand said, I need to poke at 1377338

 17:21 <sbeattie> and work on the landing of a bugfix update for the apparmor package.

 17:21 <sbeattie> I have a bit of upstream work I need to do around releases.

 17:22 <sbeattie> jdstrand: what did you want to ask?

 17:22 <jdstrand> first (and this may be for tyhicks as well), I was (perhaps mistakenly) thinking that the apparmor upload would fix the testsuite such that it would pass

 17:23 <jdstrand> which would be part of my justification for uploading it

 17:23 <tyhicks> there are outstanding kernel bugs

 17:23 <jdstrand> yes

 17:24 <jdstrand> but we did decide that the testsuite would be adjusted for the named path getopt (and friends) failures, correct?

 17:24 <sbeattie> tyhicks: however, the getopt on dgram before there's a bound socket isn't going to get a fix, is it?

 17:24 <tyhicks> I thought all of the getopt failures were addressed in the test suite

 17:25 <jdstrand> sbeattie, tyhicks: can you sort that ^ out after the meeting?

 17:25 <tyhicks> yes

 17:25 <jdstrand> thanks

 17:25 <sbeattie> jdstrand: yeah

 17:25 <sbeattie> jdstrand: any other questions?

 17:26 <jdstrand> so, I think that means that we should adjust QRT to not fail with the current expected failures (ie, if only those kernel bugs are making the testsuite fail, then we don't fail QRT). when our kernel bugs are fixed, we remove that

 17:26 <jdstrand> sbeattie: what do you think? QA and kt are not happy with the current state

 17:27 <jdstrand> (which you can point them to me if they are upset with you)

 17:27 <jdstrand> (that was a collective you, not sbeattie-specific :)

 17:27 <sbeattie> jdstrand: yeah, agreed.

 17:27 <jdstrand> ok

 17:27 <sbeattie> meh, KT/QA are always upset with me, it's a steady state of affairs.

 17:28 <jdstrand> heh

 17:28 <jdstrand> well, for apparmor's qrt, they can blame me

 17:28 <jdstrand> (should've thought about it before the upload that broke it)

 17:29 <jdstrand> sbeattie: so, at this point, I'm not sure that the new version of apparmor that you are working on will make it into rtm

 17:29 <jdstrand> sbeattie: however, 1377338 has to be fixed in rtm

 17:30 <jdstrand> sbeattie: so, I think priorities should be, get a patch going for 1377338, and I'll prepare an rtm upload for that and whatever else I need to do to the boot scripts

 17:30 <sbeattie> okay

 17:30 <jdstrand> sbeattie: then, get that patch into the ppa, after sorting out the testsuite

 17:30 <jdstrand> sbeattie: then I can get that to utopic

 17:31 <jdstrand> sbeattie: then someone can work on qrt

 17:31 <jdstrand> sbeattie: sound like a plan?

 17:31 <sbeattie> jdstrand: yeah, that works for me.

 17:32 <jdstrand> sbeattie: we can play the postfix one by ear once jj can comment. maybe it'll be in your upload, maybe not

 17:32 <jdstrand> sbeattie: cool, thanks

 17:32 <jdstrand> that's it from me

 17:32 <sbeattie> alright, thanks. tyhicks?

 17:32 <jdstrand> sbeattie: oh, also, for it to be in rtm, it needs to land by thursday, which basically means I need a patch by tomorrow

 17:32 <jdstrand> (bug 1377338)

 17:33 <sbeattie> jdstrand: gotcha

 17:33 <ubottu> bug 1377338 in apparmor (Ubuntu) "apparmor may fail to load some profiles if one is corrupted" [Critical,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1377338

 17:33 <jdstrand> cool, thanks

 17:33 <tyhicks> I'm now looking at the in-tree apparmor regression test suite to make sure it is failing when expected (as discussed above)

 17:34 <tyhicks> I have a couple more eCryptfs kernel patches to review and test this week before I can send a pull request for the 3.18 merege window

 17:34 <tyhicks> they're small and shouldn't take long

 17:34 <sbeattie> tyhicks: note that the paste I sent you elsewhere were results using the apparmor package in the security-proposed ppa, which has everything that's in lp:apparmor.

 17:34 <tyhicks> I misplaced them during the big apparmor landing push and just rediscovered them :/

 17:34 <tyhicks> sbeattie: ack

 17:35 <tyhicks> then I'm switching over to the upstream dbus-daemon apparmor mediation bug feedback

 17:35 <tyhicks> that's probably all that I should commit to this week

 17:36 <tyhicks> I spent more time than I expected last week on the apparmor kernel memory bug triage (LP: #1375416) so my planned work for this week looks similar to last week

 17:36 <tyhicks> that's it for me

 17:36 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1375416 in linux (Ubuntu) "AppArmor leaks kernel memory during profile reloads" [Medium,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1375416

 17:36 <tyhicks> jj isn't here so it is sarnold's turn

 17:37 <jdstrand> I know the feeling regarding planned work looking similar...

 17:38 <sarnold> I'm in happy place this week, on MIR duty; I still have ~five outstanding MIRs to work on, one is in progress

 17:39 <sarnold> I'll try to quick-ack smallish apparmor patches this week, but longer / more involved patches just won't get any attention, sorry

 17:40 <sarnold> I think that's it for me, chrisccoulson?

 17:51 <tyhicks> maybe jjohansen should go now that he's here?

 17:51 <tyhicks> jjohansen: sarnold had passed chrisccoulson the mic just before you joined but we haven't heard from him

 17:52 <jjohansen> okay

 17:52 <jjohansen> so I am primary working on apparmor bugs this week

 17:52 <jjohansen> I need to look into 1373172, 1373174, and 1373176

 17:53 <jdstrand> the testsuite bugs. cool

 17:54 <jjohansen> and finish up with 1375417 and maybe poke at 1375416, and 1375410

 17:54 <jjohansen> jdstrand: yep

 17:54 <jdstrand> cool

 17:55 <jjohansen> we also need to decide if we want to push the fix for docker.io LP: #1371310 out to the phone kernels

 17:55 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1371310 in linux (Ubuntu) "docker.io doesn't work with apparmor 3.0 RC1 kernel" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1371310

 17:55 * jdstrand pauses

 17:55 <jjohansen> and if so send the pull request

 17:55 <jdstrand> jjohansen: I wasn't thinking we would. all the phone policy seems fine atm

 17:56 <jdstrand> jjohansen: I mean, we can for utopic to keep things tidy if people want

 17:56 <jdstrand> but that bug on rtm kernels or even phablet utopic kernels doesn't bother me

 17:57 <jjohansen> yeah, I am not bothered by it eiterh

 17:57 <jdstrand> now, if we have updates for other kernel bugs, sure, we can toss it in there

 17:58 <jdstrand> alright, let's not worry about it on phablet unless we can roll it in with other bug fixes

 17:59 <jjohansen> ack

 17:59 <jdstrand> jjohansen: did you have anything else to report

 18:00 <jdstrand> ?

 18:00 <jjohansen> okay, let see I have an embargo issue to look at closer, and some apparmor patches to upstream

 18:00 <jjohansen> we also have apparmor 2.9 that we need to push out this week if there is going to be any chance of debian picking it up

 18:00 <jjohansen> that is it for me

 18:02 <jdstrand> jjohansen: I think sbeattie is close to finalizing that. those testsuite bugs you mentioned and one other bug (1377338) are the only thing holding up 2.9 aiui

 18:02 <jdstrand> things*

 18:03 <jdstrand> ok

 18:03 <jjohansen> that sounds about right

 18:03 <jdstrand> so, let's move on

 18:03 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Highlighted packages

 18:03 <jdstrand> The Ubuntu Security team will highlight some community-supported packages that might be good candidates for updating and or triaging. If you would like to help Ubuntu and not sure where to start, this is a great way to do so.

 18:03 <jdstrand> See https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/UpdateProcedures for details and if you have any questions, feel free to ask in #ubuntu-security. To find out other ways of helping out, please see https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/GettingInvolved.

 18:03 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/fusionforge.html

 18:03 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/iodine.html

 18:03 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/pigz.html

 18:03 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/cakephp.html

 18:03 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/ekiga.html

 18:03 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Miscellaneous and Questions

 18:04 <jdstrand> Does anyone have any other questions or items to discuss?

 18:05 <jdstrand> sbeattie, tyhicks, jjohansen, sarnold: thanks!

 18:05 <jdstrand> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)