== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting: Forums Moves and Closures., 03 Aug at 18:24 &mdash; 18:52 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2014/ubuntu-meeting.2014-08-03-18.24.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

Dell, Asus and Ubuntu One forums closed following prior notice
Full Circle Magazine area moved and closed
New "Documentation and Community Wiki Discussions" forum now available following request from Documentation Team.
''ACTION:'' howefield to check new Documentation forum permissions.
''ACTION:'' Elfy to prepare Team Report and look at simplifying team reporting.
''ACTION:'' cariboo907 to prepare agenda for Septembers Council Meeting.



== Vote results ==




== Action items, by person ==

 * cariboo907
  * cariboo907 to prepare agenda for Septembers Council Meeting.
 * howefield
  * howefield to check new Documentation forum permissions.



== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * howefield (30)
 * elfy (23)
 * cariboo907 (8)
 * meetingology (6)
 * coffeecat (4)



== Full Log ==


 18:24 <howefield> #startmeeting UbuntuForums Council Meeting

 18:24 <meetingology> Meeting started Sun Aug  3 18:24:27 2014 UTC.  The chair is howefield. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 18:24 <meetingology> 

 18:24 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 18:24 <howefield> oh well, that worked :)

 18:25 <elfy> yep :)

 18:25 <howefield> evening everyone, shall we start with the Forum moves?

 18:25 <elfy> wfm

 18:26 <howefield> I need to google that one everytime :)

 18:26 <howefield> #meetingtopic Forums Moves and Closures.

 18:28 <howefield> so the moves were completed successfullly last Friday evening.

 18:28 <howefield> along with the closure of the Dell, Asus and Ubuntu One forums.

 18:29 <elfy> #info Dell, Asus and Ubuntu One forums closed following prior notice

 18:30 <howefield> thank you :)

 18:32 <cariboo907> Should the closure of the Full Circle Magazine sub-forum be mentioned?

 18:32 <elfy> oops - yea

 18:32 <elfy> #info Full Circle Magazine area moved and closed

 18:33 <elfy> thanks to coffeecat and howefield for doing all of that Friday too

 18:34 <howefield> thanks elfy

 18:34 <howefield> probably worth mentioning the Documentation and Community Wiki Discussion forum

 18:35 <howefield> #info New "Documentation and Community Wiki Discussions" forum now available following request from Documentation Team.

 18:36 <howefield> anything else before moving on ?

 18:36 <elfy> not that I can remember

 18:36 <coffeecat> we might want to redo the sticky in the section now that it includes official wiki discussion.

 18:37 <elfy> we need to action that?

 18:37 <coffeecat> No - juts remember I guess!

 18:37 <elfy> :)

 18:37 <howefield> do we need to contact the Doc team to confirm all done, let them start filling it up :)

 18:38 <elfy> I thought that bapoumba had done that

 18:38 <cariboo907> Do threads there still need moderation?

 18:38 <elfy> pretty sure we stopped that

 18:39 <cariboo907> I don't remember, and it's been a while since a new thread was created

 18:39 <howefield> I'll check that once the meeting is over ?

 18:40 <elfy> ok

 18:42 <howefield> #action howefield to check new Documentation forum permissions.

 18:42 * meetingology howefield to check new Documentation forum permissions.

 18:43 <howefield> moving on, AOB, do we have any ?

 18:44 <elfy> not unless someone pipes up and asks anything

 18:44 <elfy> I've nothing

 18:44 <howefield> nor me

 18:44 <coffeecat> not here

 18:44 <cariboo907> nothing here either

 18:44 <howefield> ok, Team Report then

 18:45 <elfy> I'll do that and look at <<includes ... >>

 18:45 <howefield> thanks elfy

 18:45 <elfy> we really need to sort the fixed items on the agenda too :)

 18:46 <elfy> nothing to rotate anymore for a start

 18:46 <howefield> #action Elfy to prepare Team Report and look at simplifying team reporting.

 18:46 * meetingology Elfy to prepare Team Report and look at simplifying team reporting.

 18:46 <cariboo907> we may even want to have an agenda for a future meeting :)

 18:46 <elfy> indeed

 18:46 <howefield> that always helps :)

 18:47 <howefield> perhaps that should be an action, one of us to ensure agenda for following meeting ?

 18:48 <cariboo907> I can do that

 18:48 <elfy> yea - action someone with it :)

 18:48 <howefield> no takers on that one then :) I'll do it for next time?

 18:48 <elfy> there we go :)

 18:48 <howefield> nija'ed

 18:48 <howefield> ya beauty :)

 18:49 <howefield> #action cariboo907 to prepare agenda for Septembers Council Meeting.

 18:49 * meetingology cariboo907 to prepare agenda for Septembers Council Meeting.

 18:49 <howefield> thank you cariboo907

 18:50 <cariboo907> you're welcome

 18:50 <howefield> anything else before we close ?

 18:51 <elfy> nothing left - no-one applied for membership, no division of labour needed and meetings are set till Decemeber 2015

 18:51 <elfy> December as well

 18:51 <howefield> great, thanks everyone.

 18:52 <elfy> thanks howefield

 18:52 <coffeecat> thanks howefield

 18:52 <cariboo907> Thanks howefield

 18:52 <howefield> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)