== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 25 Sep at 15:01 &mdash; 15:32 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2014/ubuntu-meeting.2014-09-25-15.01.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== lightning round ===
The discussion about "lightning round" started at 15:01.


=== AOB ===
The discussion about "AOB" started at 15:24.

  * ''ACTION:'' cjwatson to do a what-I'm-working-on presentation next week



== Vote results ==




== Action items, by person ==

 * cjwatson
  * cjwatson to do a what-I'm-working-on presentation next week



== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * slangasek (50)
 * cjwatson (25)
 * sil2100 (24)
 * mvo (24)
 * jodh (21)
 * ubottu (19)
 * infinity (18)
 * bdmurray (18)
 * robru (16)
 * stgraber (10)
 * bhuey (10)
 * barry (5)
 * meetingology (4)
 * apw (3)
 * ogra_ (1)
 * jibel (1)



== Full Log ==


 15:01 <slangasek> #startmeeting

 15:01 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Sep 25 15:01:12 2014 UTC.  The chair is slangasek. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 15:01 <meetingology> 

 15:01 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 15:01 <slangasek> [TOPIC] lightning round

 15:01 <slangasek> $ echo $(shuf -e barry doko stgraber jodh bdmurray slangasek cjwatson caribou infinity mvo bhuey sil2100 robru)

 15:01 <slangasek> robru infinity mvo cjwatson stgraber doko bdmurray bhuey barry sil2100 slangasek jodh caribou

 15:01 <slangasek> robru: you're first!

 15:02 <slangasek> robru: too slow!

 15:02 <slangasek> infinity:

 15:02 <infinity> Typing...

 15:02 <robru> ah sorry, not ready anyway

 15:02 <slangasek> :)

 15:03 <infinity> - Helped with some evil partner package reviews

 15:03 <infinity> - Meetings (several!) with people about $customer doing silly things with firmware

 15:03 <infinity> - Working on updating PPC packages

 15:03 <infinity> - Working on Utopic Beta 2 release

 15:03 <infinity> [...]

 15:03 <infinity> POssibly also stuff, and/or things.

 15:04 <slangasek> infinity: '(done)' ?

 15:04 * mvo was wondering the same

 15:05 <infinity> slangasek: Oh, sure.

 15:05 <mvo> apt:

 15:05 <mvo> - Debug regression (Bug#762160)

 15:05 <mvo> - Release  cve-2014-6273 (http.cc buffer overflow)

 15:05 <mvo> - Work on droping privs for the apt download methods

 15:05 <mvo> - Work on feature/acq-trans for more robustness in acquire

 15:05 <mvo> click:

 15:05 <infinity> slangasek: That was the [...]

 15:05 <mvo> - Debug pycurl/gnutls issue with search.apps.ubuntu.com and send RT

 15:05 <ubottu> ** RESERVED ** This candidate has been reserved by an organization or individual that will use it when announcing a new security problem.  When the candidate has been publicized, the details for this candidate will be provided. (http://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2014-6273)

 15:05 <mvo> ticket, blocks using pycurl for searches

 15:05 <mvo> - lp:~mvo/click/click-check-libs (find non sdk libs and warn about them)

 15:05 <mvo> - lp:~mvo/click/lp1245826-multiple-hookfiles (support multiple files

 15:05 <mvo> for a given hook)

 15:05 <mvo> - lp:~mvo/click/acquire (more work on acquire support)

 15:05 <mvo> - lp:~mvo/click/repository (ported to licurl, stuck with gnutls issue)

 15:05 <mvo> - lp:~mvo/click/sso (ported to libcurl, stuck with gnutls issue)

 15:05 <slangasek> infinity: heh :)

 15:05 <mvo> - upload click-bin-path hook (to add stuff to PATH) to utopic

 15:05 <mvo> python-apt:

 15:05 <mvo> - Review/merge Colins ubuntu-rtm fix (thanks!)

 15:05 <mvo> software-properties:

 15:05 <mvo> - Review/merge Colins patch, upload new version

 15:05 <mvo> system-image:

 15:05 <mvo> - Discussion about leaner download backend

 15:05 <mvo> - lp:~mvo/ubuntu-system-image/pycurl

 15:05 <mvo> (done)

 15:05 <cjwatson> GRUB update in unstable, adding x32 and ppc64el support (ppc64el support replaced our previous cross-compiler hack).

 15:05 <cjwatson> man-db release to add high-precision timestamp support, speed up mandb / man -K, and stop using debconf in the trigger.  Trawled through Ubuntu bugs about the last part, clearing out >140, and prepared SRUs (bug 1372673).

 15:05 <ubottu> bug 1372673 in man-db (Ubuntu Trusty) "excessive debconf use when triggered" [High,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1372673

 15:06 <cjwatson> Fixed livecd-rootfs to tolerate dpkg-dev no longer being on the image.

 15:06 <cjwatson> netcfg SRU for bug 1350302.

 15:06 <ubottu> bug 1350302 in MAAS "Deploying node with di on armhf/keystone can't find BOOTIF" [Critical,Incomplete] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1350302

 15:06 <cjwatson> Fixed add-apt-repository on ubuntu-rtm.

 15:06 <sil2100> Eeek!

 15:06 <cjwatson> Fixed UbuntuKylin image builds to contain the proper Ubiquity slideshow (bug 1372731).

 15:06 <ubottu> bug 1372731 in Ubuntu Kylin "the slideshow for ubuntu kylin utopic beta-2 rc is ubuntu's slideshow" [Critical,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1372731

 15:06 <cjwatson> Various ad-hoc copies to reduce the number of uninstallables reported by proposed-migration for ubuntu-rtm/14.09.

 15:06 <cjwatson> Tracked down a click autopkgtest regression (fortunately never hit -proposed).

 15:06 <cjwatson> Devirtualised/otherwise-configured 10 new silos in each of ubuntu and ubuntu-rtm for the CI Train folks.

 15:06 <cjwatson> Proposed branch for bug 1364327.  Took ages because I first had to get my local autopkgtest/qemu environment sorted out, which involved upgrading to utopic ...

 15:06 <ubottu> bug 1364327 in click (Ubuntu) "Title: Custom prefix/postfix to the generated click chroots" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1364327

 15:06 <cjwatson> Working on an OpenSSL backport stack for ppc64el.  In patch hell; send ice cream.

 15:06 <cjwatson> ..

 15:06 <stgraber> - A lot more internal work and meetings..

 15:06 <stgraber> - Figured out all the details for upcoming trips (vacation, LinuxCon,

 15:06 <stgraber> Plumbers, Client sprint, Server sprint).

 15:06 <stgraber> - Released LXC 1.0.6 with 85 bugfixes by 24 individual contributors.

 15:06 <stgraber> - Went through the LXC patch backlog, reviewed and committed everything.

 15:06 <stgraber> - Worked on fixing the LXC init script situation in preparation for 1.1~alpha2

 15:06 <stgraber> (to be released tomorrow ideally).

 15:06 <stgraber> - Implemented a fix for uid/gid consistency on system images (touch only at

 15:06 <stgraber> the moment).

 15:06 <stgraber> (DONE)

 15:06 * sil2100 is here if anything

 15:07 <sil2100> Did I miss my turn?

 15:07 <cjwatson> sil2100: nope, you're after barry

 15:07 <infinity> cjwatson: Oh, nice, so we're going to drop the cross-hack in Ubuntu too, I assume?

 15:07 <sil2100> Thanks

 15:07 <bdmurray> updated daisy (r529) handle AssertionError raised by apport on invalid keys in a report fixes OOPS-ce96293a10a1987c516e4ed968fa715e

 15:07 <bdmurray> submitted RT to get retracer log files from staging retracers

 15:07 <bdmurray> submitted RT 75272 regarding nodetool access

 15:07 <bdmurray> had daisy retracers really updated to r528

 15:07 <bdmurray> pushed merge proposal with daisy-retracer charm change to create version_info.py

 15:07 <bdmurray> pushed daisy r531 which logs the version of daisy to the retracer log files

 15:07 <cjwatson> infinity: already have.  but it doesn't quite work apparently, needs -mno-vsx -mno-altivec or asm hacks, pfsmorigo is on it

 15:07 <bdmurray> updated and tested daisy charm change to generate version_info.py

 15:07 <bdmurray> worked with thedac to remove coredumps from swift as there are more items in swift than the retracing queue

 15:07 <bdmurray> research into if duplicate OOPSes are an issue in the Error Tracker and how to fix it

 15:07 <bdmurray> created a graph of .new missing versus foreign origin packages

 15:07 <bdmurray> submitted apport bug 1372612 regarding Ubuntu RTM and origin issue

 15:07 <bdmurray> reported and testing of apport bug 1373154 regarding ExecutableTimestamp and MarkForUpload being True

 15:07 <ubottu> bug 1362496 in base-files (Ubuntu-rtm 14.09) "duplicate for #1372612 LSB release and /etc/os-release still say "Utopic", needs to be RTM" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1362496

 15:07 <ubottu> bug 1373154 in apport (Ubuntu) "reporting of crashes for programs that don't match the file on disk is happening" [High,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1373154

 15:07 <bdmurray> SRU verification of bug LP: #1309447

 15:07 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1309447 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu Trusty) "Unicode decode error during upgrade to 14.04 if sources.list contains non-ascii characters and locale is non-US" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1309447

 15:07 <bdmurray> ✔ done

 15:08 <cjwatson> infinity: (so, cough, it's possible the final beta may not be bootable on ppc64el ...)

 15:08 <infinity> cjwatson: Oh.  Fun.

 15:09 <infinity> cjwatson: Good thing I hadn't tested yet.

 15:10 <slangasek> bhuey: hi, your turn

 15:10 <bhuey> ok

 15:10 <bhuey> -read both ubuntu-policy.pdf and packaging tutorial documents

 15:10 <bhuey> -got X11 working in all containers for TCK testing

 15:10 <bhuey> -successfully ran TCK inside containers for precise/trusty/utopic

 15:10 <bhuey> -general clean up of container configurations TCK instances

 15:10 <bhuey> -begin general creation of container creation scripts so that the entire test environment csn be replicated

 15:10 <bhuey> -began looking at bugs that needs to be fixed by Oct 20th

 15:10 <bhuey> (done)

 15:10 <barry> debuntu: LP: #1371291, debian bug #762142, syncpackage python-concurrent.futures (to fix ftbfs), LP: #1367907, LP: #1290847 (both for python34 sru, awaiting doko's feedback).  reviewed py3 swiftclient packaging and uploaded websocket-client 0.18.0 for internal users.

 15:10 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1371291 in python-eventlet (Ubuntu) "FTBFS caused by PEP 466" [Undecided,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1371291

 15:10 <ubottu> Debian bug 762142 in python-concurrent.futures "python-concurrent.futures: FTBFS on i386" [Important,Fixed] http://bugs.debian.org/762142

 15:10 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1367907 in python3.4 (Ubuntu) "Segfault in gc with cyclic trash" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1367907

 15:10 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1290847 in python3.4 (Ubuntu) "pyvenv fails due to mising ensurepip module" [Undecided,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1290847

 15:10 <barry> phone: system-image 2.4-0ubuntu1 slogging through ci-train for utopic and rtm.  internal discussions.  testing/review/excitement over mvo's pycurl branch.  LP: #1369717.  LP: #1370586.

 15:10 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1369717 in Ubuntu system image "Remove system-image-cli --dbus" [High,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1369717

 15:11 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1370586 in Ubuntu system image "Add synchronous method to determine if there are known updates" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1370586

 15:11 <barry> other: git'n it

 15:11 <barry> -- done --

 15:11 <sil2100> o/

 15:11 <slangasek> so now that bhuey has read policy, the rest of our meeting today can be to quiz him on it ;)

 15:11 <sil2100> - Filling in the standing FFe for utopic Ubuntu Touch packages (LP: #1371635)

 15:11 <sil2100> - Refactoring some of the commit-log syncing scripts

 15:11 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1371635 in Ubuntu "[FFe] standing freeze exception in utopic for Ubuntu Touch-specific packages" [Undecided,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1371635

 15:11 <sil2100> - Landing team work, preparing landing e-mails

 15:11 <bhuey> slangasek: shit

 15:11 <sil2100> - CI Train maintenance and feature:

 15:11 <sil2100> * Testing binary copy sync functionality

 15:11 <sil2100> * Improve error verbosity in some cases for sync rebuilds

 15:11 <sil2100> * Cleaning up left-over jenkins jobs

 15:11 <sil2100> * Refactoring parts of the build job to enable better testing

 15:11 <sil2100> * Add basic unit tests for the sync functionality

 15:11 <sil2100> * Make the ~rtm addition to the version number optional

 15:11 <sil2100> * Fixing a new small bug that caused the spreadsheet to malfunction

 15:11 <sil2100> - Reviewing and testing bugfixing merge for appmenu-qt5

 15:12 <sil2100> - Fixing/unbricking testing device

 15:12 <sil2100> - Writing announcement e-mails

 15:12 <sil2100> - Making sure the documentation of RTM landings is up-to-date

 15:12 <sil2100> - Debugging issues with commit-log generation scripts

 15:12 <sil2100> - Discussions regarding getting rid of the spreadsheet (finally!)

 15:12 <sil2100> (done)

 15:12 <robru> ok, i'm ready now, can i go?

 15:12 <slangasek> robru: sure

 15:13 <robru> Train:

 15:13 <robru> - Adapted 'citrain' (silo installation script) to work on RTM

 15:13 <robru> - Updated citrain spreadsheet, jenkins backend, and dashboard to recognize the 10 new silos

 15:13 <robru> - Began test-drive reimplementation of cupstream2distro/silomanager.py, with the intention to fix the utter disgusting lack of encapsulation, such that other bits of citrain no longer need to have knowledge of the custom json format used to maintain each silo's state (this will make it easier/possible to back citrain onto the airline ticket system when the

 15:13 <robru> time comes)

 15:13 <robru> - Fixed the deploy job to correctly assign pre-prod silos, making it possible to test things outside of production

 15:13 <robru> - Stopped the prepare job from being able to delete packages from the PPA, which it was often doing erroneously and deleting packages that had been through hours of scarce QA approval

 15:13 <robru> - Implemented a generic signal / unhandled exception handler, which is capable of a) logging and b) saving the signal/exception message to the silo status, such that the dashboard can now report when a job exits uncleanly, so we no longer have the situation where the dashboard reports 'Building...' even if something has actually gone horribly wrong

 15:13 <robru> - Cleaned up the use of subprocess module, so that the testsuite no longer spews random crap on STDOUT, making it a lot easier to see a clean, successful test run

 15:13 <robru> NFSS:

 15:13 <robru> - Added veebers' new js module to lp:ubuntu-assets and got it approved by oatman

 15:13 <robru> (done)

 15:13 <slangasek> sil2100: FFe> did everything work out wrt touch packages in the auto-accept list?

 15:13 <infinity> bhuey: A binary package leaves my dput travelling three versions per epoch, when is it appropriate to use Conflicts versus Breaks, and does the answer change when drunk?

 15:13 <sil2100> slangasek: I think it did, since we didn't see any further problems

 15:13 <barry> infinity: binNMU

 15:14 <cjwatson> infinity: consider a spherical manual page

 15:14 <infinity> cjwatson: I actually ell oh elled.

 15:14 <infinity> cjwatson: And, for some reason, I read that in Bill Bailey's voice.

 15:16 <slangasek> * business meeting up in Seattle yesterday, the jet lag is horrible

 15:16 <slangasek> * review of a number of impending partner packages

 15:16 <slangasek> * working to move a number click apps out of the rootfs into a default "custom" tarball (bug #1367332)

 15:16 <ubottu> Error: Launchpad bug 1367332 could not be found

 15:16 <slangasek> * progress on a console-setup merge with Colin's help; the package may be uploadable this year

 15:16 <slangasek> * created new silos at LT's request

 15:16 <slangasek> * LT/CI meetings to discuss next steps on CI Airline (e.g., ditching the spreadsheet)

 15:16 <slangasek> (done)

 15:16 <bhuey> infinity: yes, only when also taking opiates with alcohol

 15:16 <jodh> * upstart:

 15:16 <jodh> - investigating bug 1371651.

 15:16 <ubottu> bug 1371651 in lightdm (Ubuntu) "Daily does not boot into graphical interface after installation" [Critical,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1371651

 15:16 <jodh> - A respectful prod to all upstart devs to take a look at the

 15:16 <jodh> following if they get a chance :-):

 15:16 <jodh> https://code.launchpad.net/~jamesodhunt/upstart/bug-1360208/+merge/234869

 15:17 <jodh> * system-image

 15:17 <jodh> - Good progress - root is now r/o with a writeable overlay.

 15:17 <slangasek> if a ~ falls in the middle of your version, does it make a sound

 15:17 <jodh> - More tweaks to lp:~ubuntu-foundations-team/+junk/create-ubuntu-core-image.

 15:17 <jodh> - Split lp:~ubuntu-foundations-team/+junk/system-image-rootfs into 2:

 15:17 <jodh> - lp:~ubuntu-foundations-team/+junk/ubuntu-core-config [1]

 15:17 <jodh> - lp:~ubuntu-foundations-team/+junk/initramfs-tools-ubuntu-core [2]

 15:17 <jodh> - Currently testing recent changes to [2].

 15:17 <jodh> * misc:

 15:17 <jodh> - procenv is now running for lucid as well as all newer supported releases:

 15:17 <jodh> https://code.launchpad.net/~jamesodhunt/+recipe/procenv-daily-ubuntu-lucid

 15:17 <jodh> ⭈

 15:18 <slangasek> jodh: bug #1371651> do we know what /changed/ to cause this problem?

 15:18 <ubottu> bug 1371651 in lightdm (Ubuntu) "Daily does not boot into graphical interface after installation" [Critical,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1371651

 15:18 <slangasek> (it was the kernel, wasn't it!)

 15:19 <jodh> slangasek: no - I've asked jibel to check packages differences, but I don't think it's upstart.

 15:19 <slangasek> I agree

 15:19 <infinity> slangasek: No one seems entirely sure who to blame just yet, though the kernel seems a likely candidate.

 15:19 <slangasek> plymouth has been uploaded recently (twice in the past 8 days), but those changes should also not have had an effect

 15:20 <infinity> (Or, the whole process is just amazingly fragile, and the fault lies in all the players together, plus it was Wednesday)

 15:20 <jodh> well as I noted on the bug, we do see plymouth crashing in the logs but that might be due to fb issues which are also causing the failure of upstart to emit the plymouth-ready event.

 15:20 <slangasek> right, in which case --> kernel

 15:21 <jodh> slangasek: right, jibel is trying to track down apw I believe.

 15:21 <slangasek> has anyone asked apw about it?

 15:21 <slangasek> ok :)

 15:21 <infinity> The part where "it works with systemd" (while also obviously not being directly an upstart bug) kinda points to the fragility argument.

 15:22 <jibel> slangasek, apw is working on it

 15:22 <jodh> infinity: but has anyone tried uselessd yet? :)

 15:22 <slangasek> infinity: on systemd we don't have any flicker-free boot integration

 15:23 <apw> the state the machine ends up in when this is reproduced seems to indicate everything is in order, and running service lightdm start sorts it out (i believe)

 15:23 <apw> w

 15:23 <apw> which leans towards a userspace race in my eyes, but i am waiting on some installs

 15:24 <slangasek> apw: if the plymouth-ready signal isn't being emitted because of a kernel-induced plymouth crash, that's not really a matter of a race

 15:24 <slangasek> anyway, seems like this is in hand so we can discuss it on better channels post-meeting

 15:24 <slangasek> [TOPIC] AOB

 15:24 <slangasek> anything else today?

 15:24 <slangasek> I've been failing to tag people to do the weekly talk-about-what-you're-working-on thing

 15:25 <slangasek> does somebody want to volunteer to do one next week?

 15:25 <jodh> apw: fwics, if you remove "quiet splash", the problem is not recreatable but would value other trying it (I've asked a few times on the bug :-)

 15:25 <bdmurray> cjwatson: regarding bug 1372673, it looks like you found most of the duplicates. Did you check other packages though?

 15:25 <ubottu> bug 1372673 in man-db (Ubuntu Trusty) "excessive debconf use when triggered" [High,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1372673

 15:26 <cjwatson> bdmurray: nope, I don't have a mechanical search for it and some of the problems are subtly different

 15:26 <cjwatson> so I had only finite time

 15:27 <cjwatson> bdmurray: I'm certain I found all the duplicates on man-db - the others that look similar are actually cropping up in postinst configure instead which is different

 15:27 <slangasek> no volunteers? :)

 15:27 <cjwatson> you have to hunt for debconf failures immediately following "Processing triggers for man-db" or translations thereof

 15:27 <slangasek> you don't have to prepare anything... (in fact it's better if you don't!...) you just have to talk about what you're working on

 15:28 <robru> slangasek: i volunteer for the week of the washington sprint so this meeting won't be so painfully early for me ;-)

 15:28 <bdmurray> cjwatson: okay, I may have a look around and then check with you

 15:28 <cjwatson> ok sure

 15:28 <slangasek> robru: invest in coffee

 15:28 <robru> slangasek: just say NO to drugs ;-)

 15:28 <cjwatson> our coffee machine wasn't working this morning /o\

 15:29 <slangasek> robru: you can balance it out with bhuey's opiate-laced alcohol

 15:29 * ogra_ listens up

 15:29 <bdmurray> I've moved away from machines to an aeropress now.

 15:29 <cjwatson> slangasek: guess I can if everyone else is running away; it's been a while for me

 15:29 <cjwatson> (next week)

 15:29 <slangasek> cjwatson: thanks :)

 15:30 <slangasek> #action cjwatson to do a what-I'm-working-on presentation next week

 15:30 * meetingology cjwatson to do a what-I'm-working-on presentation next week

 15:30 <slangasek> bdmurray: this is only impressive if you also have a button to deliver the prepared cup of coffee to your desk via pneumatic tube

 15:31 <cjwatson> slangasek: have you seen Wallace and Gromit or is that too much of a British thing?

 15:31 <slangasek> cjwatson: yes, quite familiar with it :)

 15:31 <slangasek> (the last movie even had a theatrical release in the US!)

 15:32 <slangasek> er, I think

 15:32 <slangasek> oh right, Chicken Run was technically not W&G, just Aardman

 15:32 <bdmurray> I agree with your thought

 15:32 <slangasek> anyway, speaking of which

 15:32 * slangasek slinks away from the desk to get more coffee

 15:32 <slangasek> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)