== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting: Proposal to close and archive inactive Loco subforums, 07 Sep at 18:05 &mdash; 18:53 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2014/ubuntu-meeting.2014-09-07-18.05.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ForumCouncilAgenda 
Closing inactive Loco subforums
=== Proposal to close and archive inactive Loco subforums ===
The discussion about "Proposal to close and archive inactive Loco subforums" started at 18:08.

  * ''ACTION:'' Elfy to catch up with someone from LoCo Council re forum archiving
  * ''Vote:'' Close and archive inactive LoCo Sub-forums (Carried)

=== Recap on recent changes ===
The discussion about "Recap on recent changes" started at 18:17.

  * ''ACTION:'' howefield & elfy to contact UWN with forum news.
  * ''ACTION:'' FC to start discourse with staff/members to revive Tutorial of the Week.
  * Elfy is working through those on the forum with Ubuntu Member status - checking who is and isn't
  * ''ACTION:'' Iowan to produce Team Report
  * ''ACTION:'' bapoumba to ensure an (Octobers) FC agenda.



== Vote results ==

 * [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2014/ubuntu-meeting.2014-09-07-18.05.log.html#47 Close and archive inactive LoCo Sub-forums]]
  * Motion carried (For/Against/Abstained 6/0/0)
   *  Voters Iowan, elfy, bapoumba, howefield, coffeecat, s-fox



== Action items, by person ==

 * bapoumba
  * bapoumba to ensure an (Octobers) FC agenda.
 * elfy
  * howefield & elfy to contact UWN with forum news.
 * howefield
  * howefield & elfy to contact UWN with forum news.
 * Iowan
  * Iowan to produce Team Report
 * **UNASSIGNED**
  * Elfy to catch up with someone from LoCo Council re forum archiving
  * FC to start discourse with staff/members to revive Tutorial of the Week.



== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * elfy (49)
 * howefield (46)
 * bapoumba (32)
 * s-fox (26)
 * meetingology (21)
 * Iowan (5)
 * coffeecat (4)



== Full Log ==


 18:05 <howefield> #startmeeting

 18:05 <meetingology> Meeting started Sun Sep  7 18:05:40 2014 UTC.  The chair is howefield. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 18:05 <meetingology> 

 18:05 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 18:06 <howefield> #chair bapoumba coffeecat elfy Iowan howefield s-fox

 18:06 <meetingology> Current chairs: Iowan bapoumba coffeecat elfy howefield s-fox

 18:07 <howefield> evening everyone, think we have an agenda to follow.

 18:07 <elfy> https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ForumCouncilAgenda

 18:07 <howefield> #meetingtopic Proposal to close and archive inactive Loco subforums

 18:08 <howefield> #info Closing inactive Loco subforums

 18:08 <howefield> #topic Proposal to close and archive inactive Loco subforums

 18:09 <elfy> yep - sent mail to the LoCo Council - had no reply from them re that

 18:09 <howefield> so we move with the proposal then ?

 18:09 <elfy> around a month or so back - but of course the discussions goes back much further - just got put on back burner

 18:10 <elfy> I'm +1 to that

 18:10 <bapoumba> +1 here

 18:10 <s-fox> Perhaps they need reminding?

 18:10 <coffeecat> +1

 18:10 <elfy> we can do that s-fox

 18:10 <howefield> as far as I am aware, not so much as an acknowledgment of email, would that be right ?

 18:10 <elfy> nothing howefield

 18:11 <s-fox> I think 1 week is reasonable.  I would request that they acknowledge receipt

 18:11 <elfy> though as I said, it's not actually anything new though

 18:11 <bapoumba> I'm fairly confident another reminder wont bring in any response

 18:11 <howefield> that kind says it all to me, but I'm not against a reminder

 18:12 <s-fox> Do any of us come across the loco council on irc on a day to day basis?

 18:12 <bapoumba> Yeah howefield, neither am I

 18:12 <elfy> not often s-fox

 18:12 <howefield> not me, to be fair.

 18:12 <s-fox> Or hang around where they linger? :D

 18:12 <elfy> I do that ;)

 18:12 <elfy> at least 3 of them that I know of

 18:12 <s-fox> Collar them on IRC then?

 18:13 <elfy> I can do that

 18:13 <elfy> suggest we #vote now though

 18:13 <bapoumba> I'd be surprised they do not read their emails..

 18:13 <s-fox> Brilliant

 18:13 <s-fox> +1 on voting. i would press ahead if we hear nothing anyway.

 18:14 <s-fox> it can always be undone at a later date

 18:14 <elfy> #action Elfy to catch up with someone from LoCo Council re forum archiving

 18:14 * meetingology Elfy to catch up with someone from LoCo Council re forum archiving

 18:14 <Iowan> same here

 18:14 <howefield> thanks elfy

 18:15 <howefield> done with that, moving on ?

 18:15 <elfy> I would suggest though that prior to actually doing the deed we double check there's no movement

 18:15 <elfy> howefield: we can vote in here

 18:16 <elfy> #vote Close and archive inactive LoCo Sub-forums

 18:16 <meetingology> Please vote on: Close and archive inactive LoCo Sub-forums

 18:16 <meetingology> Public votes can be registered by saying +1, +0 or -1 in channel, (for private voting, private message me with 'vote +1/-1/+0 #channelname)

 18:16 <elfy> +1

 18:16 <meetingology> +1 received from elfy

 18:16 <bapoumba> +&

 18:16 <coffeecat> +1

 18:16 <meetingology> +1 received from coffeecat

 18:16 <bapoumba> +1

 18:16 <meetingology> +1 received from bapoumba

 18:16 <s-fox> +1

 18:16 <meetingology> +1 received from s-fox

 18:16 <howefield> +

 18:16 <howefield> +1

 18:16 <meetingology> +1 received from howefield

 18:16 <Iowan> +1

 18:16 <meetingology> +1 received from Iowan

 18:16 <elfy> #endvote

 18:16 <meetingology> Voting ended on: Close and archive inactive LoCo Sub-forums

 18:16 <meetingology> Votes for:6 Votes against:0 Abstentions:0

 18:16 <meetingology> Motion carried

 18:17 <howefield> great, next point

 18:17 <howefield> #topic Recap on recent changes

 18:17 <coffeecat> Is it apropos to mention Brazil at this time? After setting it up for them they might as well use it.

 18:19 <elfy> one thread - no revisit from the one asking us to set it up since that I saw

 18:19 <howefield> yes, the Brazil forum is open, isn't it ?

 18:19 <elfy> afaik it is yes

 18:20 <howefield> yeah, on epost

 18:21 <elfy> coffeecat: good that people are still asking us to open things

 18:21 <howefield> yes it is elfy, should we promote it a bit more ?

 18:22 <s-fox> We should post on planet ubuntu more often

 18:22 <howefield> +1

 18:22 <elfy> well - supposedly the idea was for LoCo's to use Discourse - but I don't got there enough to see what's happening

 18:22 <elfy> s-fox: them with syndicated blogs at least :)

 18:23 <bapoumba> Post on Planet Ubuntu, yeah, but that needs to be interesting stuff..

 18:23 <elfy> nothing at all to stop us mailing uwn

 18:23 <s-fox> I haven't been on discourse for sometime.  no idea what is happening there, or to be honest i have no real interest either.

 18:23 <howefield> +1 elfy

 18:23 <s-fox> thats true elfy

 18:24 <elfy> hey PabloRubianes - quick one - did the LoCo council discuss the mail the FC sent them re sub-forums at all?

 18:24 <elfy> and mailing UWN is easy :)

 18:24 <bapoumba> UWN +1

 18:24 <elfy> we did at one point start to look at sending stats - but that's not as easy to do as it is for AU

 18:25 <elfy> but talking to community via that is \o/ imo

 18:25 <bapoumba> yep

 18:27 <s-fox> Whatever happened to the tutorial of the week? Wasn't that something to do with you bapoumba ?

 18:27 <elfy> so - we could UWN what we've done on the forum in the last month's this week then?

 18:28 <bapoumba> Tutorial of the Week needs a lot of time

 18:28 <bapoumba> I do not have that right now

 18:28 <howefield> @elfy yep, who's taking the action, :) I don't mind

 18:28 <meetingology> howefield: Error: "elfy" is not a valid command.

 18:29 <elfy> and is in fact not valid at all ...

 18:29 <howefield> elfy yep, who's taking the action, ( I don't mind)

 18:29 <s-fox> What if it was revived, but by someone with the time

 18:29 <bapoumba> +1 from me s-fox

 18:29 <elfy> howefield: don't mind - maybe action you and I for it

 18:29 <howefield> are you volunteering s-fox ?

 18:30 <s-fox> Possibly. I'm tossing ideas out for what to post. you said things need to be interesting :)

 18:30 <elfy> we could ask rest of moderation team

 18:30 <bapoumba> (I took over after K.Mandla left)

 18:30 <howefield> #action howefield & elfy to contact UWN with forum news.

 18:30 * meetingology howefield & elfy to contact UWN with forum news.

 18:31 <bapoumba> There also was that interview thingy that started out with forums people and grew to the general community

 18:31 <elfy> I'd suggest talking it over with mods - then we could possibly have more than one person looking at that

 18:31 <howefield> seems to be a large undertaking and requiring skill

 18:32 <howefield> I'll second that elfy

 18:32 <bapoumba> howefield, not really, more communication, writing skills

 18:32 <s-fox> i was doing the community interviews for a while. i asked a whole bunch of people, they said yes and then nothing more.  i felt awkward and kinda nagging

 18:32 <s-fox> wasn't my scene :/

 18:33 <bapoumba> Picking up a tutorial from the whole bunch gets to be difficult after a while

 18:33 <bapoumba> after all the obvious good ones are picked

 18:33 <elfy> make it monthly

 18:33 <bapoumba> takes a lot of time reading

 18:34 <bapoumba> I had started a list, but never got to at least 5 to 10 to start with (and have several weeks/month material)

 18:34 <bapoumba> K.Mandla had a unique skill doing it

 18:35 <elfy> yep - I remember

 18:35 <bapoumba> and a unique way writing about them

 18:36 <howefield> worth a forum thread to talk it through with the staff/members

 18:36 <bapoumba> He was a journalist in another life, cannot beat that :)

 18:36 <s-fox> +1 howefield

 18:36 <elfy> howefield: yea - action that to FC

 18:36 <bapoumba> +1, I'd be happy to contribute from time to time, but not lead

 18:37 <elfy> bapoumba: I think it would be best as a team effort anyway - different strengths

 18:37 <s-fox> Does it need a formal leader?  Couldn't it just be a team effort?

 18:37 <bapoumba> elfy, such project usually ends up a one person thing ..

 18:38 <howefield> #action FC to start discourse with staff/members to revive Tutorial of the Week.

 18:38 * meetingology FC to start discourse with staff/members to revive Tutorial of the Week.

 18:38 <elfy> bapoumba: possibly - we'd just need to make it not so somehow :)

 18:39 <bapoumba> Yeah, at least to suggest tutorials that meet the requirements

 18:39 <elfy> right

 18:41 <elfy> ok - so moving on?

 18:41 <howefield> ok, Recap on recent changes..

 18:41 <howefield> what else do we have

 18:42 <elfy> just that it was a general tidy up of sections and tightening up of a few things

 18:43 <howefield> no complaints so far :)

 18:44 <elfy> not that I'm aware of no :)

 18:44 <s-fox> i like the new layout

 18:45 <elfy> good ;)

 18:45 <howefield> we spoke last month about the successful completion of the forum moves, is there anything further to add ?

 18:45 <howefield> +1 s-fox

 18:45 <elfy> not here

 18:45 <s-fox> not from me

 18:45 <Iowan> nope, just monthly duties

 18:45 <bapoumba> I'm good with it, thanks howefield & elfy

 18:46 <elfy> and we appear to have done AOB unless anyone's got anything else :)

 18:46 <howefield> nothing from me :)

 18:46 <s-fox> no more

 18:47 <howefield> who is up for the team report ?

 18:47 <howefield> after elfy did it last I think..

 18:47 <Iowan> I'm probably about due...

 18:48 <howefield> ok, thanks Iowan :)

 18:48 <s-fox> i'll take whatever is left over

 18:48 <s-fox> i am not that fussed :)

 18:48 <elfy> #info Elfy is working through those on the forum with Ubuntu Member status - checking who is and isn't

 18:49 <elfy> btw :)

 18:49 <bapoumba> Oh thanks elfy :)

 18:49 <howefield> we mentioned last month about ensuring an agenda is set up for our FC meeting with cariboo doing it for September, anyone want to take the task for Octobers meeting  ?

 18:50 <bapoumba> I can do that, anywhere the agenda is discussed ?

 18:50 <bapoumba> (provided I successfully log in the wiki ..)

 18:51 <howefield> your choice bapoumba

 18:51 <howefield> and thanks, -admins is fine I think

 18:51 <bapoumba> OK

 18:51 <howefield> #action Iowan to produce Team Report

 18:51 * meetingology Iowan to produce Team Report

 18:52 <bapoumba> (login into the wiki was a joke. I takes ages to log me in..)

 18:52 <howefield> #action bapoumba to ensure an (Octobers) FC agenda.

 18:52 * meetingology bapoumba to ensure an (Octobers) FC agenda.

 18:52 <howefield> I think we are done, anything else ?

 18:52 <elfy> not here

 18:52 <s-fox> Nothing more from me

 18:53 <bapoumba> not here

 18:53 <Iowan> OK here

 18:53 <coffeecat> nothing here

 18:53 <s-fox> endmeeting?

 18:53 <howefield> ok, thanks everyone

 18:53 <elfy> wfm

 18:53 <howefield> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)