== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting: Community Council, 06 Feb at 17:00 &mdash; 17:47 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2014/ubuntu-meeting.2014-02-06-17.00.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/CommunityCouncilAgenda 
=== forums check in ===
The discussion about "forums check in" started at 17:03.

  * ''ACTION:'' pleia2 to follow up with translations team about coordinator restaffing

=== Any other business ===
The discussion about "Any other business" started at 17:32.




== Vote results ==




== Action items ==

 * pleia2 to follow up with translations team about coordinator restaffing



== Action items, by person ==

 * pleia2
  * pleia2 to follow up with translations team about coordinator restaffing



== People present (lines said) ==

 * pleia2 (41)
 * dholbach (27)
 * elfy (18)
 * dpm (18)
 * AlanBell (17)
 * mhall119 (7)
 * meetingology (5)
 * YokoZar (4)
 * cprofitt (4)
 * hggdh (4)
 * rww (2)



== Full Log ==


 17:00 <pleia2> #startmeeting Community Council

 17:00 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Feb  6 17:00:30 2014 UTC.  The chair is pleia2. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 17:00 <meetingology> 

 17:00 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 17:00 <pleia2> #chair cprofitt elfy

 17:00 <meetingology> Current chairs: cprofitt elfy pleia2

 17:00 <cprofitt> thanks for getting us started pleia2

 17:00 <pleia2> ok, who all is here for the CC meeting? :)

 17:01 <cprofitt> here

 17:01 <elfy> yep - here

 17:01 <pleia2> ok, so today we have a check in with the forums team and translations team scheduled

 17:02 <elfy> I believe translations sent apologies

 17:02 <pleia2> #link https://wiki.ubuntu.com/CommunityCouncilAgenda

 17:02 <pleia2> one person said she couldn't make it, no replies from anyone else :\

 17:02 <elfy> yes

 17:03 * mhall119 is here for ~15 minutes

 17:03 <pleia2> we'll do forums first then, see if we can round up some translations folks

 17:03 <pleia2> #topic forums check in

 17:03 <pleia2> any news, comments, questions or concerns from the forums at this time?

 17:04 <elfy> Forum is good, we've had some issues with vB again - but IS have been extremely helpful

 17:04 <pleia2> glad to hear it \o/

 17:04 <elfy> only thing that we're likely to need help with is the voting for the staff issue you're aware of

 17:05 <elfy> we're probably looking at doing similar to that which councils use for it - condorcet via launchpad

 17:05 * pleia2 nods

 17:05 <pleia2> I'll have anohter look at the thread, I don't remember if you still need input from the cc

 17:06 <elfy> not at the moment - once we've got a clearer plan we'll come back to the CC

 17:06 <dholbach> o/

 17:06 <dholbach> sorry, I'm a bit late

 17:06 <cprofitt> sounds good.

 17:06 <elfy> but we're looking to get it going sooner rather than later

 17:06 <cprofitt> hey dholbach

 17:06 <elfy> hi dholbach

 17:07 <pleia2> great, thanks elfy

 17:07 <elfy> the hardest bit for us will be the voting

 17:07 <elfy> nothing else from FC

 17:08 <pleia2> the CC has a script that yokozar improved that exports public email addresses from launchpad for use in condorcet, let us know and we'll send the link your way

 17:08 <pleia2> (he said he'd publish it somewhere, need to follow up)

 17:08 <pleia2> YokoZar: hey, did you publish that pull-emails-from-lp script somewhere public?

 17:08 <elfy> yep - I knew who to talk to wabout that :)

 17:09 <YokoZar> pleia2: no, but I can put it up on github today

 17:09 <dholbach> I never checked in again.. is the forums council and the forums moderators situation resolved now?

 17:10 <elfy> dholbach: which situation?

 17:10 <elfy> the voting issue?

 17:10 <dholbach> the FC was being restaffed recently, right?

 17:10 <pleia2> YokoZar: thanks :)

 17:10 <dholbach> is it fully staffed again?

 17:10 <elfy> dholbach: yep

 17:10 <pleia2> dholbach: this is for staff, not council

 17:11 <dholbach> ah ok

 17:11 <dholbach> thanks

 17:12 <pleia2> alright, so it sounds like all is well in forums land, thanks elfy

 17:12 <dholbach> perfect

 17:12 <elfy> yep :)

 17:13 <pleia2> no one here from the translations team, it would be good to still check in with them at a later date to make sure things are on track for the LTS

 17:13 <mhall119> dpm: ^^

 17:13 <mhall119> we'll see if his wifi is working

 17:13 * AlanBell has an AOB item for the end

 17:14 <dpm> hey all, I happen to be here, so Mike asked me if I could participate

 17:14 <dpm> I've not been working on translations for a while, so the status is not much different as last time:

 17:15 <dpm> folks are rocking doing translations in LP as ever, but we still need a champion or a team to coordinate translations

 17:16 <dholbach> dpm, are you aware of any issues the teams are currently facing? in terms of blockers?

 17:16 <pleia2> dpm: do you know if the team has any plans to make this happen? and is it a blocker for a well-translated LTS?

 17:16 <pleia2> the last time the translations folks came to us (late 2012) they were really struggling with knowing when translations opened, etc

 17:17 <dpm> I think the main thing is that the team members have become busy with other things. We've had Pierre leading the team for a while, but I've not heard from him for a while

 17:18 <dpm> the process of opening translations and managing translations in LP is documented in https://wiki.ubuntu.com/UbuntuTranslationsCoordinators - but it's not very discoverable

 17:18 <pleia2> good to know

 17:18 <dpm> restaffing the lp:~ubuntu-translations-coordinators team might be a way to go forward

 17:18 <pleia2> sounds like it might be worth having the CC nudge the coordinators (https://launchpad.net/~ubuntu-translations-coordinators) again and see where things are

 17:18 <pleia2> yeah

 17:19 <pleia2> we'll be in touch then (you're the owner of that team)

 17:19 <dpm> yeah

 17:19 <dholbach> dpm, but in terms of technical blockers you have nothing on your radar?

 17:19 <dpm> yes, I do have something

 17:20 <dpm> language pack building has no owner, although I've seen uploads happening for trusty

 17:21 <dholbach> dpm, has pitti been doing this up until now?

 17:22 <dpm> dholbach, he was the owner until he moved from desktop to QA, which was a while ago

 17:22 <dholbach> dpm, do you know who uploads the packages now?

 17:22 <dpm> I don't know, but I can have a look at the latest upload, just a sec

 17:24 <dholbach> ok... according to https://launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/language-pack-de-base/1:14.04+20131212 it's still pitti

 17:24 <dpm> yeah

 17:24 <dholbach> so is the team blocked on pitti getting around to it and pushing all the packages?

 17:24 <dholbach> dpm, ^ do you know?

 17:25 <dpm> dholbach, I think it's more no one assigned to do the work and pitti being awesome and picking the task as usual

 17:25 <dholbach> yeah, that sounds very much like pitti :)

 17:25 <pleia2> :)

 17:26 <dholbach> is "pinging pitti" or "mail ubuntu-desktop@lists.u.c" inconvenient for the team and the task is sitting there for a while?

 17:27 <dpm> It's a combination of the two things:

 17:28 <dpm> the Ubuntu coordinators team not being active means no one has had the time to do the pinging or to find out who to ping. Also, for me personally I'm always concerned about loading him with more work.

 17:28 <dholbach> sure :/

 17:29 <dholbach> maybe the team would just need a calendar reminder for each of the freezes (or something), so they ping the ubuntu-desktop@ list

 17:29 <dholbach> (or whatever's appropriate)

 17:29 <dpm> I should really find some time to resolve this, but I think I've been promising that on every meeting I've been, sorry :(

 17:30 <dpm> the calendar is a good idea, but first we'd need some restaffing, as the current members have all moved to other projects, real life has kicked in, etc.

 17:31 <elfy> brb

 17:31 <pleia2> ok, I'll take an action item to follow up with current folks and nudge some of the active members I know to get their thoughts

 17:31 <pleia2> #action pleia2 to follow up with translations team about coordinator restaffing

 17:31 * meetingology pleia2 to follow up with translations team about coordinator restaffing

 17:32 <pleia2> thanks for joining us dpm

 17:32 <YokoZar> Thank you

 17:32 <dholbach> thanks pleia2

 17:32 <pleia2> #topic Any other business

 17:32 <dpm> no worries, thanks pleia2 and everyone

 17:33 <elfy> back

 17:33 <pleia2> AlanBell: you mentioned you had something

 17:33 <AlanBell> yeah, hi all o/

 17:33 * hggdh waves

 17:33 <AlanBell> so we have had an issue with the floodbots

 17:33 * pleia2 nods

 17:34 <AlanBell> I did a summary of the situation to the lists here https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-irc/2014-February/001651.html

 17:34 <AlanBell> basically they have been turned off and are not coming back

 17:35 <AlanBell> they are proprietary code that does not give us software freedom, and without freedom zero we can't even run them

 17:35 <pleia2> I agreed with hggdh's comment that it's not appropriate to use a proprietary tool for this anyway, so in spite of the unfortunate situation that caused them to be shut off, I think in general it's a move in the right direction

 17:35 <mhall119> I'm also in agreement that rolling the necessary features into an existing opensource bot is the right direction

 17:35 <dholbach> do you know if there's a free plugin that's available somewhere already (even if it doesn't have all the answers)?

 17:36 <pleia2> dholbach: #2 on that summary seems closest

 17:36 <AlanBell> there is a free software plugin for the accidental paste protection

 17:36 <rww> dholbach: there are quite a lot of them

 17:36 <dholbach> ah... I was wondering if you had a favourite already

 17:36 <AlanBell> there is nothing for the rather cool stuff they do in terms of quarantining unregistered users and presenting captchas etc

 17:37 <AlanBell> ubot-fr has one plugin, there is another supybot plugin on github that would be useable, pici has been implementing yet another one

 17:37 <pleia2> as mhall119 said in the thread, perhaps #2 and work toward #3 by asking community members for coding help?

 17:37 <dholbach> wow, it seems like it's all about choice

 17:38 * mhall119 again volunteers to help try and recruit community folks tohelp

 17:38 <AlanBell> yeah, we have had a few volunteers which is great

 17:38 <mhall119> ok, we gotta go eat before the food is all gone

 17:38 <AlanBell> I think we really need to go with #2 and then address the other issues as they arise

 17:38 <mhall119> AlanBell: you know where to find me anytime :)

 17:38 <AlanBell> thanks mhall119

 17:39 <YokoZar> Is it a matter of using what's there or does something new need to be written?

 17:40 <AlanBell> for paste protection, using what is there

 17:40 <hggdh> for advanced features, we would need to identify them first

 17:41 <rww> hggdh: would it be useful for us to start a collaborative notepad (not sure which one we use these days) session to list those?

 17:42 <AlanBell> well I kind of did identify them at a high level in the mail

 17:43 <AlanBell> in fact . . . http://pad.ubuntu.com/2eBaBGbJyk

 17:43 <hggdh> rww: so, there you go :-)

 17:43 <hggdh> I like the idea, makes it more dynamic

 17:44 <AlanBell> so, that is where we are, and roughly what we are doing about it, I mainly wanted to take advantage of the CC meeting today to let you all know what was going on

 17:44 <pleia2> thanks AlanBell :)

 17:44 <dholbach> thanks a lot for looking into this

 17:45 <dholbach> the change might make things a bit hard for some time, but I'm quite sure you're doing the right thing :)

 17:45 <pleia2> anyone else have anything before we wrap up?

 17:45 <AlanBell> dholbach: yeah, like most proprietary code it is kind of convenient to use, but RMS tends to be right in the end :)

 17:46 <YokoZar> Thank you

 17:47 * dholbach is all set

 17:47 <pleia2> ok, thanks everyone

 17:47 <pleia2> we have Xubuntu & Ubuntu Studio on the schedule for the meeting on the 20th

 17:47 <pleia2> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)