== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 03 Apr at 15:02 &mdash; 15:26 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2014/ubuntu-meeting.2014-04-03-15.02.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning round ===
The discussion about "Lightning round" started at 15:02.


=== AOB ===
The discussion about "AOB" started at 15:22.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * ubottu (27)
 * slangasek (26)
 * infinity (23)
 * bdmurray (18)
 * xnox (18)
 * mvo_ (17)
 * caribou (15)
 * stgraber (12)
 * cjwatson (11)
 * jodh_ (10)
 * doko (8)
 * barry (6)
 * meetingology (3)



== Full Log ==


 15:02 <slangasek> #startmeeting

 15:02 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Apr  3 15:02:00 2014 UTC.  The chair is slangasek. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 15:02 <meetingology> 

 15:02 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 15:02 <slangasek> [TOPIC] Lightning round

 15:02 <slangasek> $ echo $(shuf -e barry doko stgraber jodh bdmurray slangasek cjwatson xnox caribou infinity mvo)

 15:02 <slangasek> xnox jodh doko barry stgraber mvo cjwatson infinity slangasek bdmurray caribou

 15:02 <slangasek> and go!

 15:02 <xnox> me first =) ok

 15:03 <xnox> * chase up usb-creator patches, many bugfixes merged and uploaded

 15:03 <xnox> * chase up flickerless boot requests from #Cert, turned out kernel and

 15:03 <xnox> apw fixed those (bug #1300247 and bug #1300244)

 15:03 <xnox> * chase up xts/kernel SRU bug (d-i released, all is done)

 15:03 <xnox> * finish up python3.3 dropage

 15:03 <xnox> * drop u1, remaining task for trusty is thunderbird patch

 15:03 <ubottu> bug 1300247 in linux (Ubuntu Trusty) "pointless kvm disabled by bios message" [Medium,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1300247

 15:03 <xnox> TODO

 15:03 <ubottu> bug 1300244 in linux (Ubuntu Trusty) "pointless nouveau messages printed on boot" [Medium,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1300244

 15:03 <xnox> * android-x86 does not boot when compiled with my toolchain

 15:03 <xnox> * upload plymouth

 15:03 <xnox> ..

 15:03 <xnox> and last week was out skiing.

 15:03 <xnox> on a snowboard but that's minor details.

 15:04 <slangasek> you should've taken your laptop with while snowboarding, it's nearly as ergonomic as working while chasing a deer with a spear

 15:04 <infinity> jodh_: You're up, if your bouncing internet hasn't caught up with reality.

 15:04 <jodh_> infinity: yeah, perfect timing... :) one sec...

 15:04 <xnox> slangasek: noted. There actually was free wifi on most slopes (not black though, not sure why not)

 15:05 <slangasek> hah

 15:05 <jodh_> * foundations-1305-upstart-work-items

 15:05 <jodh_> - cgroup support:

 15:05 <jodh_> - Updated cgroup branch to make use of new cgmanager

 15:05 <jodh_> API RemoveOnEmpty() (which simplifies the Upstart code significantly).

 15:05 <jodh_> - Now mostly working (currently debugging a re-exec issue).

 15:05 <jodh_> - Having a 1 day sprint tomorrow with xnox to work on the tests.

 15:05 <jodh_> ❂

 15:05 <infinity> jodh_: Say, do I get my session bug fixed? ;)

 15:06 <jodh_> infinity: it's in the pile somewhere, but cgroups is the priority atm. You could try bending xnox/stgrabers ear though? :)

 15:06 <infinity> Or I could just submit an MP to invert the option and the result and call it done.  Tempted.

 15:06 <doko> - openjdk-6 and openjdk-7 updates, merges, icedtea-web pending

 15:06 <doko> - finally libjogl2-java building, no more jvm crash on aarch64.

 15:06 <doko> - gnat bootstrap for ppc64el

 15:06 <doko> - various fixes to clean up -proposed

 15:06 <doko> - arm64 and ppc64el build fixes

 15:06 <doko> - built two scheme interpreters on arm64 and ppc64el

 15:06 <doko> - prepare a final gcc-4.8 upload

 15:06 <doko> (done)

 15:06 <barry> phone: Python 3 gdebi: LP: #1283574 & LP: #1299169.  push notifications meeting.  autopilot py3 work and removal of py2 continuing.

 15:06 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1283574 in packagekit (Ubuntu) "packagekit-backend-aptcc pulls in python2" [Undecided,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1283574

 15:06 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1299169 in Pyflakes "pyflakes3 ignores file encoding" [Low,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1299169

 15:06 <barry> debian/ubuntu: pyflakes 0.8-1 and 0.8.1-1 (LP: #1300366). debian bug 741832 (perplexing & still in progress).  python-pip 1.5.4-1 (LP: #1200389)

 15:06 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1300366 in pyflakes (Ubuntu) "[FFe] upgrade to pyflakes 0.8.1" [Medium,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1300366

 15:06 <ubottu> Debian bug 741832 in src:flufl.i18n "flufl.i18n: FTBFS: error: /«PKGBUILDDIR»/.pybuild/pythonX.Y_2.7/build/flufl/i18n/README.rst: No such file or directory" [Serious,Open] http://bugs.debian.org/741832

 15:06 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1200389 in Unity System Compositor "[enhancement] Shell should be able to affect input device probing" [Low,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1200389

 15:06 <barry> working on "the ensurepip issue" for py34.  engaging upstream about pip install dist-packages, etc.  pycon starts next week.

 15:07 <barry> done

 15:07 <stgraber> - Final beta

 15:07 <stgraber> - A ton of queue reviews, some FFes and a bit of patch piloting

 15:07 <stgraber> - Got logind to talk to cgmanager, now dealing with the bugs

 15:07 <stgraber> - Looking into a few network related bugs (mostly precise to trusty upgrades)

 15:07 <jodh_> infinity: knock yourself out :)

 15:07 <stgraber> - Fixed a few issues with LXC's CI environment, usual code reviews, about to release 1.0.3.

 15:07 <stgraber> - Added adt tests to cgmanager.

 15:07 <stgraber> - Couple more bugfixes here and there.

 15:07 <stgraber> - Booking some more flights.

 15:07 <stgraber> (DONE)

 15:07 <mvo_> DONE:

 15:07 <mvo_> apt: add "Debug::RunScripts", ignore SIGPIPE in RunScriptsWithPackage, merge apt-manpage branch, release 1.0, look into implementing SrcCacheDB, look into backport for https range-request bug #1157943 (failed), cherry pick fix #1157943

 15:07 <mvo_> sponsoring: #1001376, review lp:~barry/update-manager/lp1295392/+merge/212065, #880493,

 15:07 <mvo_> misc: try to reprocue #1069133, command-not-found data update, play with ubuntu-emulator, new unattended-upgrades for debian/ubuntu, click phonecall with tvoss

 15:07 <ubottu> bug 1157943 in apt (Ubuntu Precise) "apt-get update fails hash checks on https repositories when file size changes" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1157943

 15:07 <mvo_> release-upgrades: look into #1286161 and do fix

 15:07 <mvo_> TODO:

 15:07 <mvo_> * get my calendar under control so that I don't overlook meetings again

 15:07 <mvo_> * implementing SrcCacheDB in apt-ftparchive

 15:08 <mvo_> * familiarize myself with all the stuff that is new or changed (click, system-images, ...)

 15:08 <mvo_> DONE

 15:08 <bdmurray> mvo_: can you document how to update all of command-not-found data?

 15:09 <cjwatson> Ported a few more packages to new architectures: mplayer2, lua-posix, meta-gnome3.

 15:09 <cjwatson> Fixed regression in grub-installer/Kickstart (bug 1292628).

 15:09 <ubottu> bug 1292628 in grub-installer (Ubuntu) "'grub-install --force "(hd0)"' fails on trusty during installation" [High,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1292628

 15:09 <cjwatson> Finished packaging OpenSSH 6.6p1.

 15:09 <cjwatson> Integrated parted patches from Phillip Susi and outstanding Ubuntu changes into Debian, and synced.  Fixed a resulting regression (bug 1300072).

 15:09 <ubottu> bug 1300072 in parted (Ubuntu Trusty) "LVM installation fails - regression with parted 2.3-17" [Critical,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1300072

 15:09 <cjwatson> Fixed some ppc64el problems in GRUB, plus Debian #735935, bug 1299041, and bug 1298399.

 15:09 <ubottu> Debian bug 735935 in grub-common "grub2: LVM trouble at boot after upgrade to 2.02 beta" [Critical,Fixed] http://bugs.debian.org/735935

 15:09 <cjwatson> Fixed a few more click bugs (bug 1298457, bug 1297519, and a build failure for backports).

 15:09 <ubottu> bug 1299041 in grub2 (Ubuntu) "grub2-2.02 has wrong build-deps" [Medium,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1299041

 15:09 <ubottu> bug 1298399 in grub2 (Ubuntu) "grub-efi-amd64 2.02~beta2-7 fails to install on raid/lvm" [High,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1298399

 15:09 <cjwatson> Fixed up missing hardening features in schroot and moved it to main.

 15:09 <ubottu> Error: Launchpad bug 1298457 could not be found

 15:09 <ubottu> bug 1297519 in click (Ubuntu) "click utility crashes due to previously uninstalled app" [High,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1297519

 15:09 <cjwatson> Finished packaging iprutils.

 15:09 <cjwatson> ..

 15:09 <cjwatson> mvo_: (most productive first three days eva)

 15:09 <infinity> - Final beta released

 15:09 <infinity> - +1, build fixes, etc

 15:09 <infinity> - Hunted some fun glibc bugs upstream

 15:09 <infinity> - Stuff, also things

 15:09 <infinity> - Annoyed mvo

 15:09 <cjwatson> fsvo "first"

 15:09 <infinity> ☭

 15:10 <mvo_> bdmurray: yes, I hope I can prodive a stable download location so that its just a bzr-buildpackage to update the data in the future. but yes +100 for better documentation there!

 15:10 <infinity> bdmurray: He's set it up cronned on nusakan right now, we might move it to a role account somewhere sane and make it vaguely self-documenting at that point.

 15:10 <mvo_> cjwatson: I had a bit of a head-start :)

 15:10 <barry> mvo_: a readme in the source package would be great :)

 15:11 <xnox> mvo_: about command-not-found, the amd64 package should really also ship indexes for i386, since multiarch is enabled by default and some apps are i386 only e.g. "ubuntu-emulator" shall i file a separate bug about that?

 15:11 <mvo_> barry: indeed, I will do that

 15:11 <slangasek> * off on Monday, so shorter week

 15:11 <slangasek> * various queue reviews for the final freeze

 15:11 <slangasek> * spending some time looking at the Qt gl/gles split for x86, to see if we can make this work

 15:11 <slangasek> * working with bdmurray, infinity, xnox on packaging of various new ppc64el-specific packages (lsvpd, libvpd, ppc64-diag)

 15:11 <slangasek> * UPCOMING:

 15:11 <slangasek> * interviewing for the Java role this week

 15:11 <mvo_> xnox: good point, please do (but I also write it down now)

 15:11 <slangasek> * discussion with the TB about how archive-specific archives can/should be managed under the Ubuntu umbrella (UbuntuKylin)

 15:12 <infinity> slangasek: "archive-specific archives"?

 15:12 <slangasek> heh

 15:12 <slangasek> flavor-specific

 15:12 <infinity> As in, they don't want to be in our archive anymore?

 15:13 <infinity> This should be fun.

 15:14 <xnox> mvo_: bug #1302011

 15:14 <ubottu> bug 1302011 in command-not-found (Ubuntu) "amd64 data packages should include i386 indexes" [Wishlist,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1302011

 15:14 <bdmurray> worked with webops to resolve issues with the daisy not accepting OOPSes and retracers failing

 15:14 <bdmurray> updated errors.ubuntu.com to r463 (don't display derivatives or unknown distros on the front page count)

 15:14 <bdmurray> updated daisy to use python-distro-info for determining the devel release of Ubuntu (r419)

 15:14 <bdmurray> also updated error-tracker-dependencies to depend on python-distro-info

 15:14 <bdmurray> updated cassandra tunnels code with prodstack host IPs for evan

 15:14 <bdmurray> wrote a tool to query launchpad with outdated dbg sym log messages from the retracers to see if the packages are recent so we can create the ddebs

 15:15 <infinity> mvo_: One could really argue that point for all arches.  I suspect the extra data for including all arches would be tiny, so maybe worth if it c-n-f said something like "for binary ppc-thing, install foo:powerpc or foo:ppc64el, it's not available on your current architecture"... Or, even more cleverly, only tell me about it if it's available on a foreign-arch I already have enabled.

 15:15 <bdmurray> research into a failed armhf retrace for seb128

 15:15 <slangasek> infinity: see your TB list mail; it's not that they don't want to be in our archive, but that they have "partner" apps that can't go in the /Canonical/ partner archive

 15:15 <bdmurray> wrote a tool to check retracer log files to find out why a retrace failed

 15:15 <bdmurray> SRU queue work with arges

 15:15 <bdmurray> uploaded fix for ubuntu-release-upgrader bug 1294814

 15:15 <ubottu> bug 1294814 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu Trusty) "DistUpgradeApport.py launches apport-gtk" [Medium,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1294814

 15:15 <bdmurray> wrote and uploaded an apport package hook for kerneloops

 15:15 <bdmurray> research and testing of ubuntu-release-upgrader bug 1298281

 15:15 <bdmurray> apturl bug triage and reporting (LP: #1300465 and LP: #1300466)

 15:15 <bdmurray> reported apport LP: #1300474 regarding tmpdir

 15:15 <bdmurray> uploaded fix for libpng bug LP: #1298779

 15:15 <bdmurray> testing upgrade bug 1286161

 15:15 <ubottu> bug 1298281 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu) "prompt to restart services in text mode during an upgrade in graphic mode" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1298281

 15:15 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1300465 in python-apt (Ubuntu) "description dialog is empty" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1300465

 15:15 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1300466 in apturl (Ubuntu) "second installation request unusable" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1300466

 15:15 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1300474 in apport (Ubuntu) "tmp directory cleanup fails" [Undecided,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1300474

 15:15 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1298779 in libpng (Debian) "C++11 incompatibility" [Unknown,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1298779

 15:15 <bdmurray> ✔ done

 15:15 <ubottu> bug 1286161 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu Trusty) "13.10 -> 14.04 upgrade failed: initramfs failed to ugprade, udev is not configured yet" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1286161

 15:16 <caribou> * Onboarding of new colleague Jorge Niedbalski

 15:16 <caribou> * Worked on updating the Onboarding documentation

 15:16 <caribou> * Completed pre-sponsor SRU work for bug #1293291 (enable btmp logging)

 15:16 <caribou> * Tested new kexec-tools v2.0.6

 15:16 <ubottu> Error: Launchpad bug 1293291 could not be found

 15:16 <caribou> * sosreport development & SRU (bug #1296755)

 15:16 <caribou> * Started investigation on bug #1157943 with mvo

 15:16 <ubottu> bug 1296755 in sosreport (Ubuntu Saucy) "sosreport archive /var/lib/maas by default" [Medium,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1296755

 15:16 <ubottu> bug 1157943 in apt (Ubuntu Precise) "apt-get update fails hash checks on https repositories when file size changes" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1157943

 15:16 <xnox> infinity: mvo_: i guess we should ship data for all arches in an arch_all package, and simply do lookup across arches that are enabled e.g. (all, amd64, foreign)

 15:16 <caribou> btmp logging is bug #743858

 15:16 <ubottu> bug 743858 in openssh (Ubuntu Saucy) "sshd not appending to /var/log/btmp" [Medium,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/743858

 15:16 <caribou> done

 15:16 <slangasek> infinity, stgraber: it's obviously not great timing in the release cycle for them to be raising this question, so it's understandable if the TB doesn't manage to sign off on it before release, but this is an important problem so please make this TB discussion a priority

 15:17 <infinity> slangasek: Yeah, just caught up on the thread, I haven't read that folder for a few days.

 15:17 <infinity> slangasek: Ick.

 15:17 <stgraber> slangasek: yeah, I already replied to their proposal yesterday (though not particularly positively :))

 15:18 <slangasek> stgraber: well, you replied saying "too late for 14.04" - I'm saying we should try our best to decide this for 14.04, even though the request is quite late :)

 15:19 <slangasek> any questions re: status?

 15:19 <caribou> I'm not sure it's the right place to ask, but one may show me where to ask :

 15:20 <stgraber> slangasek: well, if we want to decide on this quickly, I'm fine sending a simple -1 now, but thought it may be worth seeing if they can come up with something slightly more reasonable that I may be convinced to approve.

 15:20 <caribou> I'm member of BugControl so I can add task to series

 15:20 <caribou> but I cannot approve them : who should I ask to be added to the proper team ?

 15:20 <infinity> caribou: Me.

 15:20 <infinity> caribou: What's your LP ID?

 15:20 <caribou> infinity: so plleeeaase : louis-bouchard

 15:21 <caribou> arges is tired of approving them for me

 15:21 <caribou> infinity: thanks!

 15:21 <slangasek> stgraber: heh - I would expect a more subtle engagement than just a -1.  AFAIK we have no clearly stated policy describing what flavors can or can't have enabled for user downloads, and I think the TB should really write up a policy grounded in principle

 15:21 <infinity> caribou: You're welcome.

 15:22 <caribou> that's all I had

 15:22 <slangasek> [TOPIC] AOB

 15:22 <slangasek> anything else for today?

 15:22 <infinity> Naps.

 15:23 <barry> green tea

 15:23 <mvo_> !!!

 15:23 <infinity> Unicycle hockey?

 15:23 <mvo_> green tea!

 15:23 <mvo_> infinity: not today :)

 15:23 <stgraber> slangasek: I believe we actually have documentation on that somewhere back when we introduced extras.ubuntu.com. One of those pages is the extension repository documentation but it's not particularly clear, I vaguely remember there being some other page which more clearly states what flavors can use.

 15:23 <xnox> icecream truck arrived \o/

 15:24 <slangasek> stgraber: if you could find that page and bring it to the discussion, I think that would be very useful

 15:25 <infinity> slangasek: cf: my discussions last night about Canonical UNIX user groups and being paranoid about exposure of a few accounts on ftpmaster and cdimage, I'm really not comfy with flavours defaulting to near-impossible-to-audit external archives of potential doom.  So, we need both some policy and some better descriptions of what they plan, and what they could compromise on once that plan is deemed nutty.

 15:26 <slangasek> infinity: righto.  Let's not discuss here with a captive audience though, let's please take it to the list

 15:26 <infinity> xnox: And thanks, now I want a nap *and* ice cream.  This could get messy.

 15:26 <slangasek> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)