== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting: ubuntu-server-team, 25 Mar at 16:06 &mdash; 16:21 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2014/ubuntu-meeting.2014-03-25-16.06.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Review ACTION points from previous meeting ===
The discussion about "Review ACTION points from previous meeting" started at 16:07.


=== Trusty Development ===
The discussion about "Trusty Development" started at 16:08.

  * ''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/TrustyTahr/ReleaseSchedule 
  * ''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/TrustyTahr/ReleaseSchedule 
 * '''Release Bugs''' (16:09)
  * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-t-tracking-bug-tasks.html#server 
 * '''Blueprints''' (16:09)
 * '''Release Bugs''' (16:10)
  * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-t-tracking-bug-tasks.html#server 
  * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-t-tracking-bug-tasks.html#ubuntu-server is our bit. I'll fix the URL in the agenda.

=== Server & Cloud Bugs (caribou) ===
The discussion about "Server & Cloud Bugs (caribou)" started at 16:14.


=== Weekly Updates & Questions for the QA Team (psivaa) ===
The discussion about "Weekly Updates & Questions for the QA Team (psivaa)" started at 16:15.


=== Weekly Updates & Questions for the Kernel Team (smb) ===
The discussion about "Weekly Updates & Questions for the Kernel Team (smb)" started at 16:16.


=== Weekly Updates & Questions regarding Ubuntu ARM Server (rbasak) ===
The discussion about "Weekly Updates & Questions regarding Ubuntu ARM Server (rbasak)" started at 16:18.


=== Ubuntu Server Team Events ===
The discussion about "Ubuntu Server Team Events" started at 16:19.


=== Open Discussion ===
The discussion about "Open Discussion" started at 16:19.


=== Announce next meeting date and time ===
The discussion about "Announce next meeting date and time" started at 16:20.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * gaughen (68)
 * rbasak (7)
 * jamespage (7)
 * caribou (5)
 * smb (5)
 * zul (4)
 * meetingology (3)
 * rharper (2)
 * arosales (1)
 * ubottu (1)



== Full Log ==


 16:06 <gaughen> #startmeeting ubuntu-server-team

 16:06 <meetingology> Meeting started Tue Mar 25 16:06:54 2014 UTC.  The chair is gaughen. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:06 <meetingology> 

 16:06 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 16:07 <arosales> Hello

 16:07 <gaughen> good morning, good evening all

 16:07 <gaughen> let's get this party started

 16:07 <gaughen> #topic Review ACTION points from previous meeting

 16:08 <gaughen> hrrm I don't see any

 16:08 <gaughen> okay next item

 16:08 <gaughen> #topic Trusty Development

 16:08 <gaughen> #link https://wiki.ubuntu.com/TrustyTahr/ReleaseSchedule

 16:08 <gaughen> jamespage, anything on your mind today? asking since I blew right past you last time.

 16:08 <jamespage> not today

 16:08 <gaughen> excellent, excellent

 16:09 <gaughen> #link https://wiki.ubuntu.com/TrustyTahr/ReleaseSchedule

 16:09 <gaughen> #subtopic Release Bugs

 16:09 <gaughen> Final beta is this Friday

 16:09 <gaughen> GA is coming up super SOON - April 17

 16:09 <gaughen> aaaah!

 16:09 <gaughen> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-t-tracking-bug-tasks.html#server

 16:09 <gaughen> #subtopic Blueprints

 16:10 <gaughen> oh shoot

 16:10 <gaughen> I pasted the link from the wrong topic

 16:10 <gaughen> nothing to say on blueprints. folks have been really good about updating them. the usual suspects need to update them, but I think there will be a lot of movement this week after the mini micro sprintastic event

 16:10 <gaughen> #subtopic Release Bugs

 16:10 <gaughen> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-t-tracking-bug-tasks.html#server

 16:11 <gaughen> now let's look at bugs

 16:11 <gaughen> jamespage, there are some friggin old bugs there

 16:11 <gaughen> rbasak, --^

 16:11 <jamespage> oh - always

 16:11 <gaughen> should we just close them?

 16:11 <gaughen> oh goodness, it's even worse when I scroll

 16:11 <jamespage> no

 16:12 <gaughen> I think some of those bugs are older than me

 16:12 <zul> if there is breezy bugs then you should be worried

 16:12 <rbasak> http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-t-tracking-bug-tasks.html#ubuntu-server is our bit. I'll fix the URL in the agenda.

 16:13 <rbasak> Oh. It's not in the agenda?

 16:13 <gaughen> I'll fix the agenda

 16:13 <gaughen> jamespage, zul - http://launchpad.net/bugs/1288696

 16:13 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1288696 in neutron (Ubuntu Trusty) "Unable to migrate from ovs to ml2 plugin" [Critical,Triaged]

 16:13 <rbasak> I just fixed ServerTeam/Meeting/IRCCommands

 16:13 <gaughen> rbasak, excellent, thanks!

 16:13 <zul> gaughen:  that got added this morning

 16:13 <jamespage> (upstream)

 16:13 <gaughen> rockin'

 16:13 <zul> should be in rc1

 16:14 <rharper> rbasak: yay!

 16:14 <gaughen> very good zul

 16:14 <gaughen> okay moving along

 16:14 <gaughen> #topic Server & Cloud Bugs (caribou)

 16:14 <caribou> Nothing specific on my side

 16:14 <gaughen> caribou said earlier that there wasn't anything to cover here

 16:14 <gaughen> cool, thanks caribou !

 16:14 <caribou> Completed the uvtool document in the server guide

 16:15 <gaughen> caribou, EXCELLENT!!!!

 16:15 <gaughen> rbasak --^

 16:15 <caribou> MP got merged but we're in string freeze

 16:15 <rbasak> Thank you caribou!

 16:15 <caribou> rbasak: my pleasure

 16:15 <rbasak> I'll mark that WI as done.

 16:15 <caribou> nothing else here gaughen

 16:15 <gaughen> thanks caribou, moving on

 16:15 <gaughen> #topic Weekly Updates & Questions for the QA Team (psivaa)

 16:16 <gaughen> psivaa_, anything to report?

 16:16 <gaughen> ..silence... moving on

 16:16 <gaughen> #topic Weekly Updates & Questions for the Kernel Team (smb)

 16:16 <smb> Xen-4.4 hit Trusty archive. Currently working on the fallout. So far it seems all issues can/need to be fixed in the libxl driver of libvirt.

 16:16 <smb> That would be all from me...

 16:16 <gaughen> so, I have a silly question

 16:17 <gaughen> I thought we were taking xen out of 14.04?

 16:17 <gaughen> jamespage, --^

 16:17 <smb> gaughen, That was xanapi

 16:17 <gaughen> am I making this stuff up?

 16:17 <smb> xenapi

 16:17 <jamespage> gaughen, no - xenapi

 16:17 <jamespage> well tehcnically xcp

 16:17 <gaughen> okay, cool. then I shall quiet down and move on

 16:17 <jamespage> gaughen, we can't drop xen per say

 16:18 <gaughen> thanks smb, jamespage moving on

 16:18 <gaughen> #topic Weekly Updates & Questions regarding Ubuntu ARM Server (rbasak)

 16:18 <smb> jamespage, I would mind that a lot :)

 16:18 <rbasak> Nothing new to report. Any questions from me?

 16:18 <rbasak> Uh, for me?

 16:18 <gaughen> (oh and I wasn't telling you, jamespage, to move on ;-))

 16:18 <gaughen> well from you or for you ;-)

 16:18 <gaughen> .... silence...

 16:18 <gaughen> okay, thanks rbasak, moving on

 16:19 <gaughen> #topic Ubuntu Server Team Events

 16:19 <gaughen> any events?

 16:19 <zul> ODS in may

 16:19 <gaughen> thanks zul!

 16:19 <gaughen> #topic Open Discussion

 16:20 <gaughen> anything else anybody wants to talk about?

 16:20 <gaughen> #topic Announce next meeting date and time

 16:20 <gaughen> April 1st!

 16:21 <gaughen> we can have an April Fools irc mtg

 16:21 <gaughen> wonder how we can celebrate

 16:21 <gaughen> anyhow, same time, same place on April 1st

 16:21 <gaughen> and hopefully a different moderator

 16:21 <rharper> hehe

 16:21 * gaughen goes and updates the wiki page RIGHT NOW!

 16:21 <gaughen> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)