== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 17 Apr at 17:04 &mdash; 17:31 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2014/ubuntu-meeting.2014-04-17-17.04.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/MeetingLogs/IRCC/20140319 we discussed that in this meeting
''LINK:'' http://www.jonobacon.org/2014/04/03/ubuntu-online-summit-dates/ 



== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * dholbach (32)
 * AlanBell (20)
 * elfy (18)
 * mhall119 (7)
 * Pici (6)
 * czajkowski (3)
 * meetingology (3)



== Full Log ==


 17:04 <dholbach> #startmeeting

 17:04 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Apr 17 17:04:21 2014 UTC.  The chair is dholbach. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 17:04 <meetingology> 

 17:04 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 17:04 <dholbach> #chairs  elfy pleia2 mhall119 czajkowski

 17:04 <dholbach> ah... chairs command is gone

 17:04 <dholbach> :)

 17:04 <elfy> :)

 17:04 <dholbach> welcome  everyone

 17:05 <czajkowski> that works

 17:05 <czajkowski> :)

 17:05 * Pici is sort of here

 17:05 <dholbach> so we're meeting up with the IRC Council today

 17:05 <elfy> I'll take a sofa then

 17:05 <dholbach> :-)

 17:05 <dholbach> how are you all doing?

 17:05 <dholbach> busy with release activities? :)

 17:05 <AlanBell> chair command is singular, not chairs :)

 17:05 <elfy> what can you do ... :p

 17:06 <AlanBell> so, yes, today I have been doing a bit of moderating of #ubuntu-release-party :)

 17:06 <AlanBell> we have had some tough times over the last few months, bit of drama around the departure of the floodbots, however things are moving on

 17:06 <czajkowski> how are things going in the land of IRCC

 17:06 * mhall119 ishere

 17:06 <elfy> o/

 17:07 <AlanBell> we have put in place a new bot unopaste, that does the most visible bits that the floodbots did, and that seems to be working effectively

 17:07 <Pici> Drama... but things seem better now.

 17:07 <dholbach> cool

 17:07 <elfy> Pici: appears to to me too

 17:07 <dholbach> was the rest of the cycle like that as well? :)

 17:07 <AlanBell> we had a resignation from the IRCC, so we are down to 4, which is OK

 17:07 <Pici> We're in the middle of call-for-operators and should be finishing that up this week

 17:08 <mhall119> I assume unopaste doesn't have the same licensing issues that floodbot had

 17:08 <AlanBell> dholbach: this is the first cycle of the current IRCC

 17:08 * elfy saw that meeting Pici

 17:08 <dholbach> and you're still coping with 4 members of the IRCC?

 17:09 <elfy> I'd be concerned about votes when needed with just 4

 17:09 <AlanBell> mhall119: no, it is nicely licensed,GPL or apache, I would have to look up the precise detail, but it is Free Software

 17:09 <mhall119> ok

 17:10 <elfy> AlanBell: are there plans to deal with just 4 on IRCC?

 17:10 <AlanBell> we are coping with 4, we decided not to urgently recruit, but carry on as is, with the option to fill the seat later

 17:10 <elfy> right - I know that position well :)

 17:11 <AlanBell> cproffit was helping with some advice as we went along which was great

 17:11 <elfy> I assume you'd ask for help if you came across an unresolvable issue internally

 17:12 <AlanBell> we don't tend to have split decisions, but yes, we would ask for help

 17:12 <AlanBell> https://wiki.ubuntu.com/MeetingLogs/IRCC/20140319 we discussed that in this meeting

 17:13 <Pici> We don't have a lot of votables come up all that often either

 17:13 <dholbach> and operations in general? are they working out all right right now?

 17:13 <elfy> Pici: I'm in the same position with my other hat

 17:14 <AlanBell> I think things are working out all right, we had a meeting yesterday which was quite positive

 17:14 <AlanBell> we also did a factoid review which was a good collaborative exercise and got people talking about the general tone we want in the channels

 17:15 <elfy> yea - saw that one going on as well - that seemed useful - from both points of view

 17:15 <Pici> I was just going to mention the factoid review... I think we lot of input on that from both operators and some of our regulars.

 17:17 <dholbach> nice - that's great to hear :)

 17:18 <dholbach> did you have plans from vUDS or other discussions which are still on your TODO list?

 17:19 <AlanBell> we do have a few long emails from operators expressing an assortment of concerns, one was an open letter to the discussion list, other things have been raised privately

 17:20 <AlanBell> we need to address more of the points raised, but it isn't always obvious what to do about them :)

 17:20 <dholbach> yeah, I can imagine

 17:21 <AlanBell> is there another UDS coming up soon?

 17:21 <mhall119> yes

 17:21 <dholbach> yes, Jono just announced the dates a week ago - let me go find it

 17:21 <mhall119> well, Ubuntu Online Summit, but same thing really

 17:21 <dholbach> http://www.jonobacon.org/2014/04/03/ubuntu-online-summit-dates/

 17:22 <AlanBell> ok, great

 17:22 <dholbach> did you manage to recruit some new members or ops or helpers in the last time?

 17:22 <AlanBell> we are just going through the voting process on an intake of operator applicants

 17:23 <AlanBell> should be announcing that real soon now

 17:23 <dholbach> awesome

 17:23 <elfy> nice AlanBell

 17:24 <dholbach> I'm quite happy with what I've heard and the work you're doing

 17:24 <dholbach> thanks a lot for your hard work

 17:25 <dholbach> do you have anything the CC could help with?

 17:25 <dholbach> or any questions yourself?

 17:25 <mhall119> me too, especialy the way you all handled the trouble you had to deal with

 17:25 <elfy> +1 from me as well

 17:25 <elfy> it's never easy

 17:25 <AlanBell> not right now I think, we certainly appreciated the support we got from cproffit and others over the last few months

 17:27 <dholbach> any more questions anyone?

 17:27 <elfy> not from me

 17:28 <elfy> thanks IRCC - good job done I think

 17:28 <Pici> yay (sorry not been terribly active, meatspace things need my attention)

 17:29 <dholbach> all rightie

 17:29 <dholbach> in that case...

 17:30 <dholbach> thanks again everyone from the IRCC - keep up the good work!

 17:30 <dholbach> Does anyone have any other business to discuss?

 17:30 <mhall119> not me

 17:30 <elfy> not me

 17:31 <dholbach> ok great - have a great rest of your day everyone!

 17:31 <dholbach> thanks

 17:31 <dholbach> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)