== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 08 Sep at 16:54 &mdash; 19:12 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2014/ubuntu-meeting.2014-09-08-16.54.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting 
=== Weekly stand-up report ===
The discussion about "Weekly stand-up report" started at 16:55.


=== Highlighted packages ===
The discussion about "Highlighted packages" started at 17:16.

  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/gromacs.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/djbdns.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/a2ps.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/isync.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/xnbd.html 

=== Miscellaneous and Questions ===
The discussion about "Miscellaneous and Questions" started at 17:17.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * jdstrand (21)
 * mdeslaur (12)
 * tyhicks (10)
 * sarnold (9)
 * xnox (8)
 * stgraber (7)
 * chrisccoulson (5)
 * meetingology (4)
 * sbeattie (4)
 * jjohansen (3)
 * bdmurray (2)
 * ubottu (2)
 * caribou (1)
 * dannf (1)



== Full Log ==


 16:54 <jdstrand> #startmeeting

 16:54 <meetingology> Meeting started Mon Sep  8 16:54:46 2014 UTC.  The chair is jdstrand. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:54 <meetingology> 

 16:54 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 16:54 <jdstrand> The meeting agenda can be found at:

 16:54 <jdstrand> [LINK] https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting

 16:55 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Weekly stand-up report

 16:55 <jdstrand> I'll go first

 16:55 <jdstrand> I'm on triage this week

 16:55 <jdstrand> I'm working on landing apparmor in silo 014 today in utopic, then moving on to landing it in the rtm branch

 16:56 <jdstrand> after that I will work to do whatever is needed to get the kernel tested and up

 16:56 <jdstrand> I will be patch piloting this week too

 16:56 <jdstrand> mdeslaur: you're up

 16:56 <mdeslaur> I'm on community this week

 16:56 <mdeslaur> I just published a couple of USNs

 16:57 <mdeslaur> and am finishing some extra testing of the qemu and qemu-kvm packages that have been in -proposed for the past few weeks

 16:57 <mdeslaur> I'll be publishing them this afternoon

 16:57 <mdeslaur> Then I'm going to work on a long lost nss CVE

 16:57 <mdeslaur> and have an embargoed issue to look at

 16:57 <mdeslaur> and will go down the list after that

 16:57 <mdeslaur> that's it from me, sbeattie, you're up

 16:57 <sbeattie> I'm focusing on apparmor again this week.

 16:58 <sbeattie> I'll be doing whatever's needed to land the current bits that jamie has siloed for utopic and RTM, then moving on to fix whatever bugs we still need to address beyond that.

 16:59 <sbeattie> that's pretty much it for me.

 16:59 <sbeattie> tyhicks: ?

 16:59 <tyhicks> I'm helping with the apparmor landings

 17:00 <tyhicks> I'm going through the remaining socketpair.sh and unix_socket.sh regression test failures and triaging them all

 17:00 <tyhicks> I need to finish testing a parser fix (that also affects the man page and unix_socket.sh regression tests) and send that out

 17:01 <tyhicks> I'm also addressing the feedback from sarnold (thanks!) on my unix_socket.sh changes so that I can get them committed to trunk

 17:01 <tyhicks> then I'll be fixing bugs, as needed

 17:01 <tyhicks> if I can break away for a bit, I need to respond to the upstream feedback that I received from the v3 dbus-daemon patches

 17:02 <tyhicks> and there's pending ecryptfs maint work for me

 17:02 <tyhicks> (not likely to get to that)

 17:02 <tyhicks> that's it for me

 17:02 <tyhicks> jjohansen: you're up

 17:03 <jjohansen> I'm focusing on apparmor this week as well, specifically I have some kernel refcount/locking bugs to fix

 17:03 <jjohansen> once those are done, what ever misc bugs pop up during testing/verification

 17:04 <jjohansen> thats it for me sarnold you are up

 17:05 <sarnold> I'm in the happy place this week

 17:06 <sarnold> but I've got a package to release from a user carried-over to this week (mariadb-5.5) and two supported packages to release this week (file, php5)

 17:07 <sarnold> due to kvm hilarity I'm using canonistack for testing, hopefully al three will be out the door today

 17:08 <mdeslaur> sarnold: what the status of django?

 17:08 <sarnold> I intend to do some more apparmor patch reviews, I believe there are several left over from last week unreviewed still

 17:08 <sarnold> mdeslaur: not yet started

 17:09 <sarnold> mdeslaur: I had intended to prioritize apparmor patch reviews; would you rather I work on django update instead?

 17:09 <mdeslaur> sarnold: no, please do the apparmor first

 17:09 <mdeslaur> I'll try and do django this week

 17:10 <mdeslaur> so don't start it

 17:10 <sarnold> mdeslaur: okay, thanks

 17:10 <sarnold> if there's time left over, I'll return to an old, complicated, MIR request

 17:10 <sarnold> I think that's me covered, chrisccoulson?

 17:11 <chrisccoulson> I've got a couple of updates to do this week - one of those is Thunderbird from last week, but I'm waiting for the 31.1.1 build because it fixes an autocomplete regression

 17:11 <chrisccoulson> I shall also be looking at bug 1260016

 17:11 <ubottu> bug 1260016 in oxide-qt (Ubuntu) "Add an API to allow defining custom URL scheme delegates" [Critical,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1260016

 17:12 <chrisccoulson> in addition to the usual stuff

 17:12 <chrisccoulson> that's me done :)

 17:15 <jdstrand> chrisccoulson: can I mark that bug in progress? (so people know)

 17:15 <chrisccoulson> jdstrand, sure

 17:16 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Highlighted packages

 17:16 <jdstrand> The Ubuntu Security team will highlight some community-supported packages that might be good candidates for updating and or triaging. If you would like to help Ubuntu and not sure where to start, this is a great way to do so.

 17:16 <jdstrand> See https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/UpdateProcedures for details and if you have any questions, feel free to ask in #ubuntu-security. To find out other ways of helping out, please see https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/GettingInvolved.

 17:16 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/gromacs.html

 17:16 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/djbdns.html

 17:16 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/a2ps.html

 17:16 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/isync.html

 17:17 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/xnbd.html

 17:17 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Miscellaneous and Questions

 17:17 <jdstrand> Does anyone have any other questions or items to discuss?

 19:01 * xnox o/

 19:02 <dannf> o/

 19:03 * bdmurray is here

 19:04 <caribou> o/

 19:07 <xnox> !dmb-ping

 19:07 <ubottu> bdrung, ScottK, Laney, micahg, xnox, bdmurray, stgraber: DMB ping

 19:08 * stgraber waves

 19:10 <stgraber> so I believe Laney is on vacation this week.

 19:10 <xnox> stgraber: yeap, I've just texted him and he is flying in two hours.

 19:10 <stgraber> we need a 4th member to have quorum, let's hope ScottK or Micah will show up then...

 19:11 <stgraber> otherwise I'd recommend we just bring both applicants to e-mail application, it's been what 2-3 meetings where we fail to get quorum now?

 19:11 <xnox> or we could start the meeting and/or collect votes when they show/email.

 19:11 <stgraber> sure, that works for me

 19:11 <stgraber> should make the e-mail application process much quicker

 19:11 <xnox> bdmurray: stgraber: xnox - who wants to chair?

 19:11 <xnox> =)

 19:12 <bdmurray> xnox: you seem to have the plan ;-)

 19:12 <xnox> hehe.

 19:12 <meetingology> xnox: Error: Can't start another meeting, one is in progress.

 19:12 <xnox> #endmeeting

 19:12 <stgraber> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)