== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 30 Oct at 15:04 &mdash; 15:26 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2014/ubuntu-meeting.2014-10-30-15.04.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning round ===
The discussion about "Lightning round" started at 15:04.


=== AOB ===
The discussion about "AOB" started at 15:24.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * mvo_ (41)
 * slangasek (31)
 * sil2100 (22)
 * bdmurray (20)
 * caribou (14)
 * ubottu (14)
 * cjwatson (9)
 * stgraber (8)
 * ribru (8)
 * barry (5)
 * meetingology (3)
 * LocutusOfBorg1 (2)



== Full Log ==


 15:04 <slangasek> #startmeeting

 15:04 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Oct 30 15:04:32 2014 UTC.  The chair is slangasek. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 15:04 <meetingology> 

 15:04 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 15:04 <mvo_> hi

 15:04 <slangasek> [TOPIC] Lightning round

 15:05 <slangasek> $ echo $(shuf -e barry doko stgraber jodh bdmurray slangasek cjwatson caribou infinity mvo bhuey sil2100 robru)

 15:05 <slangasek> caribou robru bhuey slangasek cjwatson stgraber infinity mvo sil2100 barry jodh bdmurray doko

 15:05 <slangasek> caribou: hi!  you can start if you're around :)

 15:05 <caribou> so me first

 15:05 <mvo_> you win!

 15:05 <caribou> Been busy investigating a but on libnss-ldap for ppc64el

 15:05 <caribou> s/but/bug

 15:06 <caribou> still am matter of fact : looks like libnss-ldap expect __libc_lock_lock to be provided by the libc

 15:06 <caribou> which isn't

 15:06 <caribou> this is only the case on ppc64el

 15:07 <caribou> rest of the time I have been busy on Maas issues and preparing for the merges of the package I have upload rights for

 15:07 <caribou> (done)

 15:07 <slangasek> ribru: you're next

 15:07 <caribou> but I would eventually appreciate some help on the __lib_lock_lock issue eventually

 15:07 <sil2100> o/

 15:07 <slangasek> ribru: when do you go  back to being robru? :)

 15:07 <sil2100> Did I miss anything?

 15:07 <slangasek> sil2100: caribou's

 15:07 * sil2100 is still in a meeting

 15:07 <ribru> * added mode to citrain to allow for a special staging instance to not step all over production PPAs

 15:07 <ribru> * prepared a branch to delete archaic 'preprod' mode in favor of this new theoretical staging instance

 15:07 <ribru> * enabled vivid landings in citrain code

 15:07 <ribru> * ripped out the option that lets people disable ~rtm version for source builds in RTM (including source syncs but also RTM-first landings)

 15:07 <ribru> * helped barry test new system-image landing support phased updates

 15:07 <ribru> * landings, landings, landings.

 15:07 <ribru> (done)

 15:08 <ribru> slangasek: heh, when my ribs stop hurting ;-)

 15:08 <slangasek> hmm :)

 15:09 <slangasek> * post-sprint catch-up

 15:09 <slangasek> * vivid opening, mostly work related to the phone channels

 15:09 <slangasek> * discussions around our channel and branch model for the coming cycle

 15:09 <slangasek> * shepherding of partner packages

 15:09 <slangasek> * various HR tasks, still have open job reqs, working on filling

 15:09 <slangasek> (done)

 15:09 <cjwatson> Did a bunch of work on opening the 15.04 archive, setting up image builds, etc.  Wrote branch-livefses script (unfortunately initially buggy: forgot to copy require_virtualized).

 15:09 <cjwatson> Planning for my transition to Launchpad Engineering, tentatively scheduled for the end of this year.

 15:09 <cjwatson> ubiquity SRU for bug 1265192.

 15:09 <ubottu> bug 1265192 in ubiquity (Ubuntu Trusty) "Install/reinstall wipes out all/other partitions" [Critical,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1265192

 15:09 <cjwatson> Working on some initial auto-sync transition fallout: GHC (unsurprisingly) and ImageMagick.

 15:09 <cjwatson> ..

 15:09 <stgraber> oh, it's me already, sorry

 15:10 <stgraber> - Sprint last week

 15:10 <stgraber> - Some vivid opening tasks

 15:10 <stgraber> - System-image config/tweaks of the channel list

 15:10 <stgraber> - Reviewed and applied the massive LXC patch and pull-requests backlog

 15:10 <stgraber> - Some LXC CI work

 15:10 <stgraber> - Bunch of private meetings

 15:10 <stgraber> (DONE)

 15:10 <LocutusOfBorg1> Hi, I'm a Debian Maintainer in dm list for some packages, the list of packages I currently maintain is ~20, including virtualbox and something more. I started only one month ago my DD process, and I would like to become a  per-package uploader for packages I maintain, unfortunately I don't see in the wiki any page about DM, but only for DDs, what is the best path to achieve (if possible) such goal? thanks

 15:11 <slangasek> no infinity this morning

 15:11 <slangasek> mvo_:

 15:11 <mvo_> Sprint last week, some jetlag this week, Not at work tomorrow

 15:11 <mvo_> system-image:

 15:11 <mvo_> - open vivid

 15:11 <mvo_> - prepare for arm

 15:11 <mvo_> - Discuss /etc/machine-id vs /var/lib/dbus/machine-id (#1387090)

 15:11 <mvo_> - push all changes upstream/into vivid (except click and system-image)

 15:11 <mvo_> apt:

 15:11 <mvo_> - feature/no-more-acquire-guessing: only support Translation-* that

 15:11 <mvo_> is listed in the Release file and simplify acquire code

 15:11 <mvo_> (needs lp:~mvo/launchpad/lp1313576-uncompressed  first)

 15:11 <LocutusOfBorg1> (I'm maintainer since almost 2 years)

 15:11 <mvo_> - feature/socketpair: open fds in apt and pass to acquire methods

 15:11 <slangasek> LocutusOfBorg1: hi, you've landed in the middle of a team meeting :)  Maybe you want to ask on #ubuntu-devel?

 15:11 <mvo_> - followup on dpkg --command-fd (real fix for ubuntustudio-dvd build failure)

 15:11 <mvo_> - send patch to debian-cd (bug #767253) so that we can have hashes for

 15:11 <mvo_> uncompressed Translation-* on the debian-cd

 15:11 <ubottu> bug 767253 in unity (Ubuntu) "Finish the implementation of sheet style dialogues" [Medium,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/767253

 15:11 <mvo_> - Drive by feature/apt-list-sort

 15:11 <mvo_> misc:

 15:11 <mvo_> - open apt ddtp for vivid

 15:11 <mvo_> - command-not-found: Upload fix for #1384864 to utopic-proposed

 15:11 <mvo_> - command-not-found: update server for vidid

 15:11 <mvo_> - expenses

 15:11 <mvo_> - interview for ubuntu-on-air

 15:11 <mvo_> click:

 15:11 <cjwatson> LocutusOfBorg1: this is not a DMB meeting

 15:11 <mvo_> - Write/send click-service meeting summary from the sprint

 15:11 <mvo_> - Draft dbus interface

 15:11 <mvo_> - Review/merge lp:~dpm/click/add-i18n-tools

 15:11 <mvo_> - Support anonymous downloads from the click store

 15:11 <mvo_> - Try to reproduce cmake failure for sergio.schvezov in click chroot

 15:11 <mvo_> - Work on 15.04 click chroots (including some more multi-arch fixes)

 15:11 <mvo_> - Prepare release 0.4

 15:11 <mvo_> unattended-upgrades:

 15:11 <mvo_> - Fix unattended-upgrades-dpkg.log mail to only send a single operation instead\

 15:12 <mvo_> of the entire file (Bug#759693)

 15:12 <mvo_> - Improve documentation

 15:12 <mvo_> merges:

 15:12 <mvo_> - Busybox, e2fsprogs, gzip (sponsor), pam, slang2, util-linux, zlib, cron, python-apt, manpages, cwidget, etckeeper, dbus, debhelper, snappy, xapian-core (sync), ust, tftp-hpa, nmap (sync), libpam-ldap, xterm, dpkg, file

 15:12 <mvo_> - looked at python-couchdb and send patch to debian so that we can eventually sync

 15:12 <mvo_> (done)

 15:12 <sil2100> !!

 15:12 <sil2100> It's me now I suppose

 15:12 <sil2100> - Devices Sprint in the US!

 15:12 <sil2100> - Landing team work, preparing landing e-mails

 15:12 <sil2100> - CI Train maintenance and features:

 15:12 <sil2100> * Work on the changelog generation fix

 15:12 <sil2100> - Many meetings related to milestone planning, critical bug assessment etc.

 15:12 <sil2100> - Preparing all Landing Team projects for work organization

 15:12 <sil2100> - Updating Landing Team documentation

 15:12 <sil2100> * Created the dashboard link page

 15:12 <sil2100> * Prepared the Landing Team processes documentation

 15:12 <sil2100> * Finishing up on the main documentation place

 15:12 <sil2100> * Started refreshing the RTMLandingApproaches wiki

 15:12 <sil2100> - Modify the scripts for generating the ubuntu <-> ubuntu-rtm landing diff

 15:12 <sil2100> - Generating the diff of missing landings

 15:13 <sil2100> - Fill in bugs for tasks currently being worked on by the LT

 15:13 <sil2100> - Sending announcement e-mails

 15:13 <sil2100> - Many more things but no time to write them down!

 15:13 <sil2100> (done)

 15:13 <barry> usual post-sprint catch ups, or i.o.w. "jet" lag :)

 15:13 <barry> system-image: LP: #1341685, LP: #1383539; system-image 2.5.1 (upstream) released; system-image 2.5.1-0ubuntu1~rtm1 waiting for qa sign-off.

 15:13 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1341685 in ubuntu-download-manager (Ubuntu RTM) "When unconstrained, udm sometimes downloads files to wrong location" [Critical,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1341685

 15:13 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1383539 in Ubuntu system image "phased update support does not give idempotent answer for each (machine,update)" [Critical,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1383539

 15:13 <barry> debuntu: testing of LP: #751939

 15:13 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 751939 in network-manager (Ubuntu) "Wired-only machine has empty volcano icon" [Low,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/751939

 15:13 <barry> (done)

 15:14 <bdmurray> barry: how was your "flight"?

 15:14 <barry> bdmurray: brutal

 15:14 <slangasek> caribou: __libc_lock_lock> have you ruled out this being a bug that would be fixed by a rebuild of libnss-ldap on ppc64el?

 15:14 <caribou> slangasek: that's what I'm testing atm.

 15:15 <slangasek> ok :)

 15:15 <caribou> slangasek: for some reason manual builds and/or sbuild do get me a libnss-ldap library with __libc_lock_lock in use even on amd64

 15:15 <caribou> slangasek: I'm testing a PPA build atm

 15:15 <bdmurray> no jodh?

 15:15 <caribou> slangasek: i.e. the version in the Utopic archive DOES NOT use __libc_lock_lock for amd64 but if I build it locally it does

 15:16 <bdmurray> updated daisy code to improve nagios retracer status check (LP: #1381964)

 15:16 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1381964 in Daisy "nagios check for retracers not catching errors" [Medium,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1381964

 15:16 <bdmurray> submitted RT 75953 regarding OOPSes not going to oops.canonical.com (fixed now)

 15:16 <bdmurray> research into quantity of retracing failures and how to resolve them

 15:16 <bdmurray> added more counters to daisy to better understand failures to retrace

 15:16 <bdmurray> r549 - daisy/retracer.py: add in a counter for retrace failures due to a missing dbgsym package and log release information along with RetraceOutdatedPackages information

 15:16 <bdmurray> submitted RT #75955 regarding updating daisy to revision r554

 15:16 <bdmurray> updated errors code to support Ubuntu 15.04

 15:16 <bdmurray> fixed errors bug LP: #1279448 (hyperlinks hard to identify)

 15:16 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1279448 in Errors "Difficult to see which parts of the problem table and oops pages are links" [Low,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1279448

 15:16 <bdmurray> fixed an OOPS in daisy/submit.py

 15:16 <bdmurray> foundations bug triage

 15:16 <bdmurray> updated daisy/retracer.py to verfiy a core dump is a core file before retracing it

 15:16 <bdmurray> worked with ci-eng team to get whoopsie bug LP: #1339916 fixed in rtm

 15:16 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1339916 in whoopsie (Ubuntu RTM) "SystemIdentifier can change between reboots" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1339916

 15:16 <bdmurray> tested my silo with whoopsie and lxc-android-config changes for RTM

 15:16 <bdmurray> reported whoopsie bug LP: #1382602 (log about unusable connections)

 15:16 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1382602 in whoopsie (Ubuntu) "does not log that there are no usable connections" [Medium,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1382602

 15:16 <bdmurray> reported, fixed whoopsie bug LP: #1386751 (world readable whoopsie-id)

 15:16 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1386751 in whoopsie (Ubuntu Utopic) "whoopsie-id is world readable" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1386751

 15:16 <bdmurray> uploaded Trusty fix for apport bug LP: #1372665

 15:16 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1372665 in apport (Ubuntu Trusty) "apport reports suspend/resume failure twice on boot (apportcheckresume)" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1372665

 15:16 <bdmurray> uploaded apport to precise proposed fixing LP: #1354571 (invalid core dumps)

 15:16 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1354571 in apport (Ubuntu Precise) "apport-retrace ignores warnings from gdb" [Medium,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1354571

 15:16 <bdmurray> âœ” done

 15:18 <caribou> slangasek: for reference - LP: #1387594

 15:18 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1387594 in libnss-ldap (Ubuntu Utopic) "init: symbol lookup error: /lib/powerpc64le-linux-gnu/libnss_ldap.so.2: undefined symbol: __libc_lock_lock" [Critical,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1387594

 15:18 <slangasek> mvo_: btw, were you in the loop on the breakage when they tried to update apt in ubuntu-rtm/14.09 to pull in the security fixes?  Since we're wanting to roll the phone images forward to 14.10 proper, I'm not sure if there's something else that needs looking into there or if it was only an issue because they were selecting a subset of related packages

 15:18 <mvo_> slangasek: I am not aware of breakage - what happend?

 15:19 <slangasek> mvo_: bug #1385656

 15:19 <ubottu> bug 1385656 in packagekit (Ubuntu RTM) "Installation of application from the click store appears not to work" [Critical,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1385656

 15:21 <slangasek> doko__: here?

 15:21 <cjwatson> slangasek: I gave feedback in that bug on the proper way forward

 15:21 <cjwatson> it's fixed in 14.10 already

 15:21 <slangasek> cjwatson: ok

 15:21 <cjwatson> not that long after the fork I think

 15:22 <mvo_> slangasek: thanks, I need to look at this in more detail

 15:23 <slangasek> mvo_: well, sounds like cjwatson has already answered it when I hadn't noticed, so probably nothing to worry about

 15:23 <slangasek> looks like no doko today

 15:24 <slangasek> [TOPIC] AOB

 15:24 <slangasek> anything else?

 15:24 <slangasek> kudos to everyone for a productive sprint last week

 15:25 <slangasek> (in spite of being split in two rooms due to the release :)

 15:26 <slangasek> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)