== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 02 Nov at 17:59 &mdash; 18:12 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2014/ubuntu-meeting.2014-11-02-17.59.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== AOB ===
The discussion about "AOB" started at 18:01.

  * ''ACTION:'' s-fox will start working on mobile css for the forum

=== Team Report ===
The discussion about "Team Report" started at 18:11.

  * ''ACTION:'' s-fox to produce team report



== Vote results ==




== Action items, by person ==

 * s-fox
  * s-fox will start working on mobile css for the forum
  * s-fox to produce team report



== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * elfy (22)
 * bapoumba (12)
 * s-fox (9)
 * meetingology (5)
 * coffeecat (2)
 * cariboo907 (1)



== Full Log ==


 17:59 <elfy> #startmeeting

 17:59 <meetingology> Meeting started Sun Nov  2 17:59:54 2014 UTC.  The chair is elfy. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 17:59 <meetingology> 

 17:59 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 18:00 <elfy> Agenda is at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ForumCouncilAgenda

 18:00 <elfy> and more or less empty

 18:01 <elfy> #topic AOB

 18:01 <elfy> so anyone got any other business for us?

 18:01 <bapoumba> AOB ?

 18:01 <s-fox> Any other business

 18:01 <bapoumba> sorry /o\

 18:02 <elfy> :)

 18:02 <s-fox> :)

 18:02 <elfy> coffeecat cariboo907 ping

 18:02 <coffeecat> nothing here

 18:02 <cariboo907> nothing here either

 18:02 <bapoumba> 2 LoCo teams asked for their sub-forum be reopened

 18:03 <bapoumba> One I declined (zero activity for a few years)

 18:03 <elfy> aah yes, that one

 18:03 <bapoumba> The other elfy has accepted (spam on their own resource that became unusable)

 18:03 <elfy> I set the Peru one up

 18:03 <bapoumba> yes

 18:03 <s-fox> I have no items for discussion, although I am going to be working on the mobile css this month

 18:04 <bapoumba> ah good s-fox

 18:04 <bapoumba> needed

 18:04 <elfy> #action s-fox will start working on mobile css for the forum

 18:04 * meetingology s-fox will start working on mobile css for the forum

 18:04 <elfy> :)

 18:04 <s-fox> We have the list of outstanding tickets to go through

 18:05 <elfy> yea

 18:05 <elfy> might be good for someone to take that to look at

 18:05 <s-fox> I know coffeecat and myself whittled down the huge list to something more manageable

 18:06 <s-fox> so would suggest looking at post #2

 18:06 <elfy> the huge list is an index - just because something's been resolved - it doesn't mean it won't come back - as we've seen in the recent past

 18:06 <elfy> s-fox: when I've added them I've added them to post #1

 18:07 <s-fox> True, but it is a good a place as any to start. Oh you updated the list? I'll need to have a fresh look :)

 18:07 <elfy> yep - there's at least 1 new one on there

 18:08 <elfy> anything else?

 18:08 <coffeecat> not here

 18:09 <bapoumba> There is one Admin that resigned

 18:09 <bapoumba> So we are down to 6

 18:11 <elfy> #topic Team Report

 18:11 <elfy> who's going to take that this month?

 18:11 <s-fox> I can do it tomorrow

 18:11 <elfy> \o/ thanks s-fox

 18:11 <s-fox> Welcome

 18:11 <elfy> #action s-fox to produce team report

 18:11 * meetingology s-fox to produce team report

 18:12 <bapoumba> well, it can be done tonight

 18:12 <bapoumba> :)

 18:12 <elfy> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)