== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 04 May at 20:01 &mdash; 20:11 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2014/ubuntu-meeting.2014-05-04-20.01.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Review Ubuntu Forum Membership Applications ===
The discussion about "Review Ubuntu Forum Membership Applications" started at 20:03.

  * ''ACTION:'' s.fox to PM Orangecrate re their membership application

=== AOB ===
The discussion about "AOB" started at 20:05.


=== Keep ForumCouncil/TeamReport updated. ===
The discussion about "Keep ForumCouncil/TeamReport updated." started at 20:07.

  * ''ACTION:'' elfy to produce monthly team report

=== Set Next Meeting Date ===
The discussion about "Set Next Meeting Date" started at 20:08.




== Vote results ==




== Action items, by person ==

 * elfy
  * elfy to produce monthly team report



== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * elfy (23)
 * cariboo907 (8)
 * meetingology (5)
 * Iowan (4)
 * coffeecat (1)



== Full Log ==


 20:01 <elfy> #startmeeting

 20:01 <meetingology> Meeting started Sun May  4 20:01:43 2014 UTC.  The chair is elfy. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 20:01 <meetingology> 

 20:01 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 20:02 <elfy> agenda is at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ForumCouncilAgenda

 20:02 <elfy> apologies from s-fox - who's agreed to take whatever task for next month

 20:03 <elfy> #topic Review Ubuntu Forum Membership Applications

 20:03 <elfy> so we've just got the one - which has been voted on in the staff area on the forum

 20:03 <cariboo907> It looks like we got a pretty firm not sure for OrangeCrate

 20:03 <elfy> orangecrate

 20:04 <elfy> yep - so someone needs to deal with that discussion

 20:04 <elfy> #action s.fox to PM Orangecrate re their membership application

 20:04 * meetingology s.fox to PM Orangecrate re their membership application

 20:05 <elfy> #topic AOB

 20:05 <elfy> anyone got anything for that?

 20:06 <Iowan> Remind me what AOB is

 20:06 <cariboo907> what was AOB again

 20:06 <elfy> any other business :)

 20:06 <cariboo907> :( makes sense

 20:06 <elfy> I've nothing

 20:06 <Iowan> I have no AOB that i can remember...

 20:06 <cariboo907> I've got nothing

 20:07 <elfy> coffeecat - anything from you?

 20:07 <coffeecat> nothing here

 20:07 <elfy> #topic Keep ForumCouncil/TeamReport updated.

 20:07 <cariboo907> I nominate s.fox :)

 20:07 <Iowan> 2nd

 20:08 <elfy> lol - I already got s.fox doing something :)

 20:08 <elfy> I've not done it for some time - I'll take that this month

 20:08 <elfy> #action elfy to produce monthly team report

 20:08 * meetingology elfy to produce monthly team report

 20:08 <cariboo907> ninja's

 20:08 <cariboo907> ninja'd

 20:08 <elfy> #topic Set Next Meeting Date

 20:09 <cariboo907> First Sunday in June?

 20:09 <elfy> and that's done too - they're done for months - same time same place - first sundays of the month

 20:09 <elfy> cariboo907: yep

 20:09 <Iowan> Thanks for that!

 20:09 <elfy> so - all done

 20:10 <elfy> unless there is anyone out there lurking with a question?

 20:11 <elfy> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)