== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 20 Feb at 17:02 &mdash; 17:25 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2014/ubuntu-meeting.2014-02-20-17.02.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * cub (24)
 * czajkowski (16)
 * dholbach (11)
 * cprofitt (5)
 * meetingology (3)
 * mhall119 (1)



== Full Log ==


 17:02 <czajkowski> #startmeeting

 17:02 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Feb 20 17:02:10 2014 UTC.  The chair is czajkowski. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 17:02 <meetingology> 

 17:02 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 17:02 <czajkowski> aloha and welcome to this weeks Community Council meeting

 17:02 <dholbach> o/

 17:03 <czajkowski> this weeks meeting we're meeting with Xubuntu folks

 17:03 <czajkowski> anyone here from the team ?

 17:03 * cprofitt raises hand

 17:03 <cprofitt> just made it

 17:03 <cprofitt> not from the Xubuntu team though

 17:03 <czajkowski> anyone here from the Xubuntu team ?

 17:03 <czajkowski> if not we can move onto the next item and come back

 17:04 <czajkowski> Anyone here from the Ubuntu studio ?

 17:04 <cub> o/

 17:04 <czajkowski> cub: aloha there

 17:04 <cub> though I had hoped zequence would make it.

 17:04 <mhall119> hi cub

 17:04 <cub> hi all

 17:04 <czajkowski> cub: so how are things?

 17:04 <cprofitt> hello cub

 17:05 <czajkowski> cub: are you able to fill us in on how things are going ?

 17:05 <dholbach> is Xubuntu ready for Feature Freeze? :)

 17:05 <cub> Well, the team is quite small at the moment. I believe only zequence and Ovenwerks are doing the development, madeinkobaia (art lead) is working on the new look for Trusty

 17:06 <cub> Myself have been focusing on getting the accessibility working for the iso installation

 17:07 <dholbach> oh... sorry - we're talking about Ubuntu Studio right now?

 17:07 <cub> I was writing about Ubuntu Studio, yes.

 17:07 <dholbach> sorry about that... I got a bit confused :)

 17:08 <cub> There was discussions and plans to work more the Studio workflows but time and resources have been scarce so

 17:08 <dholbach> in that case... did the Ubuntu Studio team get everything in they needed before the Feature Freeze?

 17:08 <cub> As far as I know, yes.

 17:08 <cub> I'm not entirely up to date though.

 17:09 <cub> So perhaps zequence had something with the -controls left, I'm not sure.

 17:11 <cub> There have been some issues with the low latency kernel and booting the iso's, I know zequence is involved in that

 17:11 <dholbach> Did you get feedback from testers of trusty already? Are they happy so far?

 17:12 <cub> all testing that has been done have been within the team

 17:13 <cub> we have got some good feedback from the community on applications to include

 17:13 <cub> but no feedback on direct testing so far.

 17:13 <dholbach> ok

 17:13 <cub> Then again, Ubuntu Studio is not part of the Alpha releases so it's Daily releases until Beta

 17:13 <czajkowski> cub: nods good to know

 17:13 <dholbach> ah ok, makes sense

 17:14 <dholbach> do you feel the team got everything worked out you planned for this cycle? or is on track?

 17:14 <cub> I believe so, the plans were narrowed down.

 17:15 <cub> As FF is today, myself will focus on looking into the release management as smartboyhw left earlier to focus on his studies.

 17:16 <cub> I know the Xubuntu team has good progress on the automatic tests..?

 17:16 <cub> I think Ubuntu Studio could make use of that too, especially since we usually have a small number of tests outside of the team

 17:17 <dholbach> yeah, I think I saw a merge proposal by elfy for some tests somewhere, but I might be misremembering

 17:17 <cub> Exactly, elfy and zequence had some discussions

 17:18 <czajkowski> cub: is there anything the CC can help the team with ?

 17:18 <cub> As for when the release draws closer, we started out earlier to make plans to make more use of Youtube for turotials

 17:18 <cub> At the moment I think it's on track

 17:21 <cub> So, as far as I know, there nothing on the agenda to bring up to the CC.

 17:23 <czajkowski> cub: thank you for taking the time to come and talk to us

 17:23 <czajkowski> any other questions folks?

 17:23 <dholbach> keep up the good work - I'm sure 14.04 is going to be a great release for Ubuntu Studio!

 17:23 <cprofitt> yes, thanks for the updates cub please continue your efforts

 17:23 <cub> Thank you!

 17:24 <czajkowski> Anyone want to bring any questions up to the CC while we're here

 17:25 <czajkowski> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)