== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 16 Jan at 17:05 &mdash; 17:34 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2014/ubuntu-meeting.2014-01-16-17.05.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Edubuntu check in ===
The discussion about "Edubuntu check in" started at 17:08.

  * ''LINK:'' https://wiki.gnome.org/Projects/GnomeFlashback 

=== Lubuntu checkin ===
The discussion about "Lubuntu checkin" started at 17:22.


=== Any other business ===
The discussion about "Any other business" started at 17:30.




== Vote results ==




== Action items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * pleia2 (34)
 * highvoltage (23)
 * stgraber (14)
 * mhall119 (12)
 * ianorlin (5)
 * ogra_ (3)
 * meetingology (3)
 * czajkowski (1)



== Full Log ==


 17:05 <pleia2> #startmeeting

 17:05 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Jan 16 17:05:21 2014 UTC.  The chair is pleia2. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 17:05 <meetingology> 

 17:05 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 17:05 <pleia2> we have Edubuntu and Lubuntu on the schedule for today

 17:06 <pleia2> anyone from Lubuntu about for a checkin?

 17:07 <stgraber> mhall119: vaguely (having lunch)

 17:07 <pleia2> or Edubuntu, hey stgraber!

 17:07 <mhall119> stgraber: ok, it's just a checkin, so shouldn't require much

 17:08 <pleia2> #topic Edubuntu check in

 17:08 <pleia2> I understand Edubuntu has been more focused on LTS releases, are things on track this cycle?

 17:10 <czajkowski> stgraber: ?

 17:10 <stgraber> well, not much has been happening lately but I still hope to get most bits landed before feature freeze

 17:10 <stgraber> I've been pretty busy with other things so far

 17:10 <stgraber> we did have an alpha1 though

 17:11 <pleia2> that's good, anything the CC can help the team with with, or just general manpower blockers?

 17:11 <highvoltage> o/

 17:11 <pleia2> hey highvoltage :)

 17:12 <highvoltage> hey!

 17:12 <stgraber> general manpower blockers. I hope that edubuntu-server will help get more contributors later on.

 17:12 <stgraber> our decision to stop doing non-LTS releases should also help a lot once 14.04 is out the door

 17:12 * pleia2 nods

 17:13 <highvoltage> pleia2: did you see the mails last month regarding the edubuntu council / re-elections and the question of whether we strictly need a council per se?

 17:13 <mhall119> highvoltage: where did that email get sent?

 17:13 <pleia2> highvoltage: yeah

 17:13 <stgraber> mhall119: CC mailing-list I believe

 17:13 <pleia2> I'm thinking we go with the idea of dissolving the council, but I should follow up

 17:14 <highvoltage> mhall119: community council and edubuntu council mailing lists

 17:14 <mhall119> hmmm, must have missed it

 17:14 <stgraber> mhall119: "Edubuntu Council expiring 2013-12-20"

 17:14 <highvoltage> pleia2: I think in general the Edubuntu community still needs a community reboot of a kind (as it has for the last few cycles).

 17:15 * pleia2 nods

 17:15 <pleia2> so in that thread we decided to wait until after the holidays (indeed, the whole thing got lost in my holiday backlog :))

 17:15 <highvoltage> only problem is that everyone is eager to get involved with that but no one has the time

 17:15 <mhall119> highvoltage: stgraber: if you need the community team's help in promoting such a reboot, get in touch with me

 17:15 <pleia2> yeah

 17:16 <highvoltage> sorry stgraber I didn't mean to derail your train of thought on the technical stuff :)

 17:16 <pleia2> so the proposal in the thread was to remove the council and simply make stgraber and highvoltage co-leaders, which I'm still on board with

 17:16 <pleia2> I'll follow up

 17:16 <highvoltage> pleia2: great

 17:16 <stgraber> pleia2: thanks

 17:17 <stgraber> highvoltage: didn't have much more to report ;)

 17:17 <stgraber> mhall119: we may take you up on that offer at some point. Currently I think we're in the situation where the effort required for such a reboot would drain a lot of the limited time we have to get the technical stuff done for 14.04.

 17:17 <highvoltage> stgraber: in terms of goals for this cycle we're likely to focus on two areas, getting the edubuntu-server parts in a 1.0'ish state and getting some legacy desktop stuff (gnome flashback) in better state so that it's supportable for an LTS lifecycle

 17:17 <highvoltage> (oops, didn't mean to aim that at stgraber)

 17:18 <pleia2> cool

 17:18 <stgraber> so I think it's best to focus on the release, make sure 14.04 is good and then we'll have 2 years to try and rebuild our community until the next release

 17:18 <highvoltage> stgraber: *nod*, I think that reboot should happen post-lts-release

 17:18 <mhall119> stgraber: I'd be happy to help coordinate a reboot, both as a community team members and as an edubuntu community volunteer

 17:18 <pleia2> sounds like a plan :)

 17:18 <highvoltage> mhall119: awesome :D

 17:19 <mhall119> what DE is edubuntu using these days?

 17:19 <highvoltage> unity by default with gnome flashback

 17:19 <stgraber> Unity by default, gnome-flashback as an alternative and default for LTSP

 17:19 <mhall119> ok

 17:19 <highvoltage> the installer has an option to enable gnome flashback by default

 17:20 <pleia2> ianorlin has joined us for the lubuntu team

 17:20 <mhall119> is that well supported?

 17:20 <highvoltage> personally I'm not a fan of unity since the dash is extremely confusing for new users

 17:20 <highvoltage> and apps are hard too find

 17:20 <mhall119> by upstream Ubuntu and/or upstream Gnome?

 17:20 <highvoltage> mhall119: there's a small upstream team

 17:20 <highvoltage> mhall119: I'm part of it, it needs a lot of work to keep it on life support

 17:20 <stgraber> highvoltage: well, at least we don't have remote search enabled by default!

 17:20 <highvoltage> (since the rest of the gnome world is changing so fast)

 17:20 <ogra_> highvoltage, well, mate-desktop is in now

 17:21 <highvoltage> https://wiki.gnome.org/Projects/GnomeFlashback

 17:21 * mhall119 will pick your brains about stuff in #edubuntu later :)

 17:21 <pleia2> ok, thanks highvoltage and stgraber!

 17:21 <mhall119> thanks guys

 17:21 <highvoltage> ogra_: problem with mate-desktop is that it brings in the rest of the mate world, which is a clone of every gnome tool ever made (gedit, nautilus, gcalctool, etc)

 17:21 <ogra_> lovely

 17:22 <pleia2> #topic Lubuntu checkin

 17:22 <highvoltage> ogra_: but I'd be happy to go only mate and through out unity if you can convince stgraber of that :p

 17:22 <highvoltage> (thanks I'll move on now :p)

 17:22 <pleia2> ianorlin: so during these checkins, we pretty much just ask about the state of the project/community and see if there is any way we can help out :)

 17:22 <ogra_> highvoltage, your job, not mine anymore ;)

 17:23 <ianorlin> Most of lubuntu is focusing on 14.04 now and 14.04 plan is fixing bugs

 17:23 <ianorlin> the social media areas seem to keep having more users join

 17:23 <pleia2> great

 17:23 <ianorlin> although the QA mailing list has grown a little quiet lately

 17:24 <pleia2> yeah, I had noticed that

 17:24 <pleia2> I did a few tests on lubuntu ppc, but the holidays got pretty busy for me

 17:25 <ianorlin> hasn't picked up much since then although I think trusty is running right now

 17:26 <pleia2> is there anything the CC can do to help support the team, or do you think it's just a matter of getting more folks active/involved?

 17:26 <pleia2> we're here to help resolve community and technical blockers with resources and things

 17:26 <ianorlin> I can't think of anything

 17:26 * pleia2 nods

 17:27 <pleia2> thanks for joing us today, anyone else have any questions/comments?

 17:30 <pleia2> ok, I think that's it then

 17:30 <pleia2> #topic Any other business

 17:31 <pleia2> anything else on our radar today that we wanted to chat about?

 17:31 <mhall119> not from me

 17:34 <pleia2> ok, thanks everyone :)

 17:34 <pleia2> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)