== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 14 Oct at 16:00 &mdash; 16:13 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2014/ubuntu-meeting.2014-10-14-16.00.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Review ACTION points from previous meeting ===
The discussion about "Review ACTION points from previous meeting" started at 16:01.


=== U Development ===
The discussion about "U Development" started at 16:02.


=== Server & Cloud Bugs (caribou) ===
The discussion about "Server & Cloud Bugs (caribou)" started at 16:05.


=== : Weekly Updates & Questions for the QA Team (psivaa ===
The discussion about ": Weekly Updates & Questions for the QA Team (psivaa" started at 16:06.


=== Weekly Updates & Questions for the Kernel Team (smb, sforshee, arges) ===
The discussion about "Weekly Updates & Questions for the Kernel Team (smb, sforshee, arges)" started at 16:08.


=== Ubuntu Server Team Events ===
The discussion about "Ubuntu Server Team Events" started at 16:09.


=== Discuss EOLing qemu machine types (and legacy roms) (hallyn, rharper) ===
The discussion about "Discuss EOLing qemu machine types (and legacy roms) (hallyn, rharper)" started at 16:11.


=== Open Discussion ===
The discussion about "Open Discussion" started at 16:11.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * zul (38)
 * smoser (9)
 * psivaa (5)
 * meetingology (3)
 * caribou (3)
 * rbasak (1)
 * lutostag (1)
 * kickinz1 (1)
 * matsubara (1)



== Full Log ==


 16:00 <zul> #startmeeting

 16:00 <meetingology> Meeting started Tue Oct 14 16:00:47 2014 UTC.  The chair is zul. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:00 <meetingology> 

 16:00 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 16:01 <kickinz1> o/

 16:01 <zul> hi so lets get this thing started

 16:01 <smoser> o/

 16:01 <matsubara> o/

 16:01 <zul> #topic Review ACTION points from previous meeting

 16:01 <zul> any action points from the previous meeting?

 16:01 <lutostag> nope

 16:01 <zul> sweet

 16:02 <zul> #topic U Development

 16:02 <zul> smoser: do you want to take this one?

 16:03 <zul> u is awfully close to being released isnt? next week i think

 16:03 <smoser> ^ i'll +1 above.

 16:03 <smoser> yes, https://wiki.ubuntu.com/UtopicUnicorn/ReleaseSchedule

 16:03 <smoser> final freeze is the 16th.

 16:03 <smoser> that means. um. you don thave a lot of time to get stuff in.

 16:04 <smoser> it also means that we are in a great time for you to actually assume things work.

 16:04 <smoser> and to try them.

 16:04 <smoser> and yell loudly and quickly if they do not work.

 16:04 <zul> indeed

 16:05 <zul> anything else?

 16:05 <zul> #topic Server & Cloud Bugs (caribou)

 16:05 <zul> caribou:  around?

 16:05 <caribou> zul: I'm here

 16:06 <zul> anything to report?

 16:06 <caribou> zul: nothing aside being sorry for not being there last week, was on training

 16:06 <zul> ok

 16:06 <zul> any questions for caribou

 16:06 <smoser> caribou, we'll let it slide this time.

 16:06 <zul> #topic: Weekly Updates & Questions for the QA Team (psivaa

 16:06 <zul> hi psivaa around?

 16:07 <psivaa> zul: the server iso tests are broken at the moment, this is due to some installation issues. i'll follow this up

 16:07 <caribou> smoser: hope so, it was Python training :)

 16:07 <psivaa> zul: nothing more to update :)

 16:07 <zul> psivaa:  broken as in how?

 16:07 <psivaa> zul: failing to find the kernel module

 16:08 <zul> oh

 16:08 <zul> ok

 16:08 <zul> any questions for psivaa?

 16:08 <psivaa> zul: i still need to figure out the exact issue, during the installation

 16:08 <psivaa> but this is roughly it

 16:08 <zul> ok cool

 16:08 <zul> #topic Weekly Updates & Questions for the Kernel Team (smb, sforshee, arges)

 16:08 <zul> hi smb

 16:09 <zul> or he might not be aound due to plumbers

 16:09 <zul> moving on

 16:09 <zul> #topic Ubuntu Server Team Events

 16:09 <zul> ODS in paris is coming up pretty quickly as well

 16:10 <zul> any other events?

 16:10 <zul> there is another item on the agenda

 16:11 <zul> #topic Discuss EOLing qemu machine types (and legacy roms) (hallyn, rharper)

 16:11 <zul> but they might be at plumbers as well so Ill leave it on the agenda when they et back

 16:11 <zul> #topic Open Discussion

 16:11 * rbasak wonders if that could be done on the mailing list

 16:11 <zul> anyone have any comments?

 16:12 <zul> rbasak:  it probably could but neither rharper or hallyn is here to tell them to do it

 16:13 <zul> if nothing else

 16:13 <zul> thanks for coming

 16:13 <zul> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)