== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting: ubuntu-server, 08 Apr at 16:01 &mdash; 16:11 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2014/ubuntu-meeting.2014-04-08-16.01.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Review ACTION points from previous meeting ===
The discussion about "Review ACTION points from previous meeting" started at 16:01.


=== Trusty Development ===
The discussion about "Trusty Development" started at 16:02.

  * ''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/TrustyTahr/ReleaseSchedule 
 * '''Release Bugs''' (16:03)
  * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-t-tracking-bug-tasks.html#ubuntu-server 
 * '''Blueprints''' (16:05)
  * ''LINK:'' http://status.ubuntu.com/ubuntu-t/group/topic-t-servercloud-overview.html 

=== Server & Cloud Bugs (caribou) ===
The discussion about "Server & Cloud Bugs (caribou)" started at 16:06.


=== Weekly Updates & Questions for the QA Team (psivaa) ===
The discussion about "Weekly Updates & Questions for the QA Team (psivaa)" started at 16:07.


=== Weekly Updates & Questions for the Kernel Team (smb, sforshee) ===
The discussion about "Weekly Updates & Questions for the Kernel Team (smb, sforshee)" started at 16:08.


=== Ubuntu Server Team Events ===
The discussion about "Ubuntu Server Team Events" started at 16:08.


=== Open Discussion ===
The discussion about "Open Discussion" started at 16:09.


=== Announce next meeting date and time ===
The discussion about "Announce next meeting date and time" started at 16:10.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * rbasak (36)
 * gaughen (4)
 * ubottu (3)
 * meetingology (3)
 * smoser (2)
 * psivaa (2)
 * coreycb (1)
 * caribou (1)
 * beisner (1)
 * rharper (1)
 * jamespage (1)
 * smb (1)



== Full Log ==


 16:01 <rbasak> #startmeeting ubuntu-server

 16:01 <meetingology> Meeting started Tue Apr  8 16:01:00 2014 UTC.  The chair is rbasak. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:01 <meetingology> 

 16:01 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 16:01 <rbasak> #topic Review ACTION points from previous meeting

 16:01 <rbasak> Serge to drop the arm server item from agenda

 16:02 <rbasak> Looks like he has. Thanks Serge!

 16:02 <rbasak> #topic Trusty Development

 16:02 <rbasak> Final freeze is in two days.

 16:02 <gaughen> o/

 16:02 <rbasak> Is there anything anyone needs to raise?

 16:02 <rbasak> I know jamespage has been chasing bug 1295093.

 16:02 <beisner> o/ hi

 16:02 <ubottu> bug 1295093 in docker.io (Ubuntu Trusty) "[FFe] Merge docker.io 0.9.1 from Debian unstable" [High,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1295093

 16:03 <rbasak> Any other pieces we need to land?

 16:03 <rbasak> #link https://wiki.ubuntu.com/TrustyTahr/ReleaseSchedule

 16:03 <gaughen> my only question is what else needs to get done before GA

 16:03 <jamespage> rbasak, I have but I can't persuade my normal release team member to review it

 16:03 <gaughen> smoser, jamespage?

 16:03 <smoser> o/.

 16:03 <rbasak> #subtopic Release Bugs

 16:03 <rbasak> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-t-tracking-bug-tasks.html#ubuntu-server

 16:03 <gaughen> release notes, server guide - anything else that needs to get done?

 16:04 <rbasak> Looking at this list, I know that the juju-quickstart MIR is deferred, and I'm preparing the latest upstream for upload today.

 16:04 <rbasak> This will fix bug 1301464 and bug 1301481

 16:04 <ubottu> bug 1301464 in juju-quickstart (Ubuntu) "The mega-watcher for machines does not include containers addresses" [Undecided,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1301464

 16:04 <ubottu> bug 1301481 in juju-quickstart (Ubuntu Trusty) "juju-quickstart will be broken in Trusty after juju-core updates in its stable PPA" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1301481

 16:05 <rbasak> Any other comments on the release tracking bugs? How's icehouse looking?

 16:05 <coreycb> o/

 16:05 <rbasak> #subtopic Blueprints

 16:05 <rbasak> #link http://status.ubuntu.com/ubuntu-t/group/topic-t-servercloud-overview.html

 16:06 <rbasak> Probably time to start closing off work items and postponing them if needed.

 16:06 <rbasak> #topic Server & Cloud Bugs (caribou)

 16:06 <rbasak> caribou: you're up!

 16:06 <caribou> some last minute fixes to sosreport to report, that's all

 16:07 <rharper> o/

 16:07 <rbasak> Thanks caribou!

 16:07 <rbasak> #topic Weekly Updates & Questions for the QA Team (psivaa)

 16:07 <rbasak> psivaa: hello!

 16:07 <psivaa> rbasak: nothing much to update from us this week

 16:07 <psivaa> tests are 100% in smoke

 16:08 <rbasak> OK. Thanks psivaa!

 16:08 <rbasak> #topic Weekly Updates & Questions for the Kernel Team (smb, sforshee)

 16:08 <smb> Frantically working on some polishing for Xen and libvirt. Apart from that I have not more myself. Anything from your side?

 16:08 <rbasak> Does anyone have anything for smb?

 16:08 <rbasak> #topic Ubuntu Server Team Events

 16:09 <rbasak> Any new events to report?

 16:09 * rbasak isn't aware of any

 16:09 <rbasak> #topic Open Discussion

 16:09 <rbasak> Does anyone have anything else to raise?

 16:10 <rbasak> #topic Announce next meeting date and time

 16:10 <rbasak> The next meeting will be at: Tue, 15 Apr 2014 16:00:00 +0000

 16:10 <rbasak> smoser: you're next up to chair.

 16:10 <smoser> thanks rbasak

 16:11 <rbasak> Thanks all!

 16:11 <rbasak> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)