== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 28 Jul at 16:30 &mdash; 16:57 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2014/ubuntu-meeting.2014-07-28-16.30.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting 
=== Weekly stand-up report ===
The discussion about "Weekly stand-up report" started at 16:30.


=== Highlighted packages ===
The discussion about "Highlighted packages" started at 16:50.

  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/docker.io.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/shaarli.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/nusoap.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/web2ldap.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/obby.html 

=== Miscellaneous and Questions ===
The discussion about "Miscellaneous and Questions" started at 16:51.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * jdstrand (29)
 * mdeslaur (11)
 * jjohansen (11)
 * tyhicks (9)
 * sbeattie (7)
 * chrisccoulson (5)
 * meetingology (3)
 * ubottu (2)



== Full Log ==


 16:30 <jdstrand> #startmeeting

 16:30 <meetingology> Meeting started Mon Jul 28 16:30:31 2014 UTC.  The chair is jdstrand. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:30 <meetingology> 

 16:30 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 16:30 <jdstrand> The meeting agenda can be found at:

 16:30 <jdstrand> [LINK] https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting

 16:30 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Weekly stand-up report

 16:30 <jdstrand> I'll go first

 16:31 <jdstrand> this week I am in the happy place

 16:31 <jdstrand> I need to finish community work from last week

 16:31 <jdstrand> I am currently doing apparmor testing

 16:31 <jdstrand> and have performance reviews and openjdk updates

 16:32 <jdstrand> hopefully, I'll get through all that and pick up some updates

 16:32 <jdstrand> mdeslaur: you're up

 16:32 <mdeslaur> I'm on triage this week

 16:32 <mdeslaur> and an currently working at some eglibc updates

 16:32 <mdeslaur> A.K.A FTBFS whack-a-mole

 16:32 <jdstrand> :\

 16:32 <mdeslaur> I have some tomcat updates to test

 16:32 <mdeslaur> and will continue going down the list

 16:32 <mdeslaur> I am also doing patch piloting tomorrow

 16:32 <mdeslaur> that's it for me, sbeattie?

 16:33 <sbeattie> I'm focused on apparmor this week

 16:33 <sbeattie> working on testing jjohansen's stuff, particularly focused on the network bits

 16:33 <sbeattie> I need to get my part of preformance reviews done, since I'm off next week

 16:34 <sbeattie> mdeslaur: let me know if there's anything you want me to look at re: eglibc

 16:34 <mdeslaur> sbeattie: nah, I think I've got it

 16:34 <mdeslaur> thanks

 16:34 <sbeattie> that's pretty much it for me.

 16:34 <sbeattie> tyhicks: you're up

 16:35 <mdeslaur> sbeattie: did you manage to get trusty's eglibc build with umt?

 16:35 <mdeslaur> the test suite fails for me locally, but works in the ppa

 16:35 <sbeattie> mdeslaur: I'd have to look, it's been a while since I've built it on trusty

 16:36 <tyhicks> I'm about to send out (probably today) the parser patches for multiple versioned policy caches

 16:36 <tyhicks> all that I have left is to update parser/tst/caching.py to account for the changes

 16:37 <jjohansen> oh nice

 16:37 <tyhicks> yeah

 16:37 <tyhicks> it is kind of a pain since the last directory in the path to the cache can now only be figured out by apparmor_parser

 16:38 <jjohansen> tyhicks: ?

 16:38 <tyhicks> eh, we'll talk about it elsewhere

 16:38 <tyhicks> (after the meeting)

 16:38 <jjohansen> ack

 16:38 <jdstrand> jjohansen: wondering if there are userspace patches tyhicks could start incorporating into some test packages for the abstract mediation?

 16:38 * jdstrand should wait for jjohansen's status

 16:38 <jjohansen> jdstrand: I'll drop some stuff today

 16:39 <tyhicks> I think that the timeline of me finishing these patches should line up nicely with packaging up the userspace patches for abstract mediation

 16:39 <tyhicks> that's it for me

 16:39 <tyhicks> jjohansen: go ahead

 16:39 * jdstrand asked cause I think we need to parallize anything that makes sense at this point

 16:40 <jjohansen> well I'm focused on apparmor this week, more socket mediation and testing. Besides that I need to do some mucky muck HR stuff

 16:40 <jjohansen> jdstrand: yep, I get that

 16:41 <jdstrand> jjohansen: ok, thanks

 16:41 <jjohansen> so like I said, I'll drop some parser patches today, and a new kernel

 16:42 <jjohansen> there are still a few issues I know about but I'll work on fixing those in parallel

 16:43 <jjohansen> mostly around label replacement, and fd passing/inheritance

 16:43 <jdstrand> sounds good. I just know getting it into Ubuntu is going to take some time

 16:43 <jjohansen> yep

 16:44 <jjohansen> thats it for me, sarnold is not here so, chrisccoulson your up

 16:45 <chrisccoulson> this week I need to figure out bug 1348333 (which, thanks to some bisecting over the weekend I traced to http://hg.mozilla.org/mozilla-central/rev/88201d0deed8, which is a fairly benign patch)

 16:45 <ubottu> bug 1348333 in firefox (Ubuntu) "Firefox 32 fails to build on Trusty x86 only" [Critical,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1348333

 16:46 <chrisccoulson> I'm also currently fixing bug 1347924. I'm surprised nobody has noticed this bug already

 16:46 <ubottu> bug 1347924 in Oxide 1.1 "deadlock in oxide after invoking some (unrelated)c++/qt functions" [Critical,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1347924

 16:46 <chrisccoulson> other than that, it's business as usual

 16:47 <chrisccoulson> oh, I'm still expecting chromium too (was hoping it would be last week, but now it's this week)

 16:47 <chrisccoulson> i think that's me done

 16:50 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Highlighted packages

 16:50 <jdstrand> The Ubuntu Security team will highlight some community-supported packages that might be good candidates for updating and or triaging. If you would like to help Ubuntu and not sure where to start, this is a great way to do so.

 16:50 <jdstrand> See https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/UpdateProcedures for details and if you have any questions, feel free to ask in #ubuntu-security. To find out other ways of helping out, please see https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/GettingInvolved.

 16:50 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/docker.io.html

 16:50 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/shaarli.html

 16:50 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/nusoap.html

 16:50 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/web2ldap.html

 16:50 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/obby.html

 16:51 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Miscellaneous and Questions

 16:51 <jdstrand> Does anyone have any other questions or items to discuss?

 16:57 <jdstrand> mdeslaur, sbeattie, tyhicks, jjohansen, chrisccoulson: thanks!

 16:57 <jdstrand> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)