== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 29 Sep at 16:47 &mdash; 17:24 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2014/ubuntu-meeting.2014-09-29-16.47.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting 
=== Announcements ===
The discussion about "Announcements" started at 16:48.


=== Review of any previous action items ===
The discussion about "Review of any previous action items" started at 16:48.


=== Highlighted packages ===
The discussion about "Highlighted packages" started at 17:20.

  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/php-xajax.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/haskell-tls-extra.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/snack.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/libicc.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/freeipa.html 

=== Miscellaneous and Questions ===
The discussion about "Miscellaneous and Questions" started at 17:21.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * jdstrand (36)
 * tyhicks (11)
 * chrisccoulson (8)
 * mdeslaur (7)
 * jjohansen (5)
 * sbeattie (4)
 * meetingology (3)
 * sarnold (2)
 * ubottu (2)



== Full Log ==


 16:47 <jdstrand> #startmeeting

 16:47 <meetingology> Meeting started Mon Sep 29 16:47:44 2014 UTC.  The chair is jdstrand. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:47 <meetingology> 

 16:47 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 16:47 <jdstrand> The meeting agenda can be found at:

 16:47 <jdstrand> [LINK] https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting

 16:48 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Announcements

 16:48 <jdstrand> Thanks to Jonathan Riddell (jr) who provided a debdiff for trusty for krfb (LP: #1374043). Your work is very much appreciated and will keep Ubuntu users secure. Great job! :)

 16:48 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1374043 in krfb (Ubuntu Utopic) "vulnerabilities in libvncserver" [Undecided,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1374043

 16:48 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Review of any previous action items

 16:48 <jdstrand> I'll go first

 16:49 <jdstrand> last week I did quite a bit with apparmor and didn't do much else of what I planned. the good news is that utopic and rtm should be good to go with our current caching plans

 16:50 <jdstrand> this week I'm on triage

 16:50 <jdstrand> I plan to sponsor apparmor updates as I get them, and fix bugs as they come in

 16:51 <jdstrand> I need to write policy for the ubuntu-downloader-manager uncompress helper

 16:51 <jdstrand> and finetune the docker.io policy (I finished lxc and libvirt-lxc last week)

 16:51 <jdstrand> I plan to adjust UCT for derivative branches

 16:51 <jdstrand> have some click-reviewers-tools updates

 16:51 <jdstrand> and patch piloting

 16:52 <jdstrand> mdeslaur: you're up :)

 16:52 <mdeslaur> I'm currently pushing out some libvncserver updates

 16:52 <mdeslaur> and have a couple more in the list to work on

 16:53 <mdeslaur> we may be getting more bash updates and possibly a regression fix this week, but the latest update should mitigate further parser issues

 16:53 <mdeslaur> so the other updates aren't critical

 16:53 <mdeslaur> friday I'm off

 16:53 <mdeslaur> and...I'm on community this week

 16:53 <mdeslaur> that's it for me, sbeattie?

 16:54 <sbeattie> I'm currently poking at QRT, fixing up the kernel security checking script to compensate for a change in the reporting behavior around capabilities.

 16:55 <sbeattie> I'm on apparmor this week; I need to review one last patch from tyhicks on the regression tests and a parser patch from jjohansen.

 16:55 <tyhicks> thanks for all the patch review you did last week

 16:55 <sbeattie> I'll also work on pulling an updated snapshot into utopic, as its only been bug fixes since our last snapshot.

 16:56 <sbeattie> that's pretty much it for me. tyhicks?

 16:56 <tyhicks> I'm just about done getting caught up from vacation last week

 16:57 <tyhicks> I'm in the process of committing the apparmor AF_UNIX regression test patches that sbeattie reviewed for me

 16:57 <tyhicks> I'll also send out an additional patch or two today to add a few more tests that he suggested

 16:57 <tyhicks> after that, I'd like to get to a few things that I've had to ignore lately

 16:58 <tyhicks> there are lots of comments that I need to respond to and/or address in the upstream dbus bug for apparmor mediation

 16:58 <tyhicks> I need to prepare for the upcoming kernel merge window to get a few ecryptfs kernel fixes in

 16:59 <tyhicks> other general ecryptfs maint duties that I've ignored recently

 16:59 <tyhicks> and then it'd be nice to get back to the apparmor caching patches I was working on

 16:59 <tyhicks> that's it for me

 16:59 <tyhicks> jjohansen: you're up

 17:00 <jjohansen> I am working on apparmor bugs this week. We will see if we can't get the last few kernel/parser bugs finally squashed.

 17:01 <jjohansen> I need some time on upstream apparmor to prepare for the next opportunity for upstreaming

 17:02 <jjohansen> And I expect I will also do a little poking around to make sure my bits are in place for an upstream 2.9 release, which should happen real soon now

 17:03 <jdstrand> jjohansen: if you need help with kernel testing, let me know

 17:03 <jjohansen> jdstrand: yep, I will

 17:04 <jjohansen> I think that is it for me, sarnold you're up

 17:05 <sarnold> I'm in the happy place this week; I'm working on several MIR audits, chances are good those will take the entire week. I may do some quick apparmor patch reviews as refreshers depending upon how things go.

 17:06 <sarnold> that's it for me, chrisccoulson?

 17:07 <chrisccoulson> sorry, I'm a bit unprepared because I've been talking in another channel :)

 17:07 <chrisccoulson> hold on 1 sec

 17:09 <chrisccoulson> so, this week I shall be finishing code reviews (I did one this morning)

 17:10 <chrisccoulson> and, fingers crossed, landing bug 1260016

 17:10 <ubottu> bug 1260016 in oxide-qt (Ubuntu RTM) "Add an API to allow defining custom URL scheme delegates" [Critical,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1260016

 17:10 <chrisccoulson> (I made quite a few changes last week in preparation for this)

 17:10 <chrisccoulson> other than that, fixing bugs as they come in too

 17:10 <chrisccoulson> I think that's me done

 17:13 <jdstrand> re 1260016> \o/

 17:14 <jdstrand> chrisccoulson: I asked this in another channel, but since I have you here-- was the 2d canvas accel enabled for nexus devices?

 17:15 <chrisccoulson> jdstrand, not yet. justin only provided the strings for krillin. I'm ok with that for now though (in the interests of avoiding scope creep)

 17:19 <jdstrand> chrisccoulson: I understand that position. personally, as a dogfooder, I wouldn't mind that extending out since they said it worked there too (aiui)

 17:19 <jdstrand> but anyhoo

 17:19 * jdstrand was looking forward to having it on his phone, and was crushed to see it not there ;)

 17:20 * jdstrand is not asking to change the decision, just providing user feedback

 17:20 <jdstrand> ok, moving on

 17:20 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Highlighted packages

 17:20 <jdstrand> The Ubuntu Security team will highlight some community-supported packages that might be good candidates for updating and or triaging. If you would like to help Ubuntu and not sure where to start, this is a great way to do so.

 17:20 <jdstrand> See https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/UpdateProcedures for details and if you have any questions, feel free to ask in #ubuntu-security. To find out other ways of helping out, please see https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/GettingInvolved.

 17:20 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/php-xajax.html

 17:20 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/haskell-tls-extra.html

 17:20 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/snack.html

 17:21 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/libicc.html

 17:21 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/freeipa.html

 17:21 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Miscellaneous and Questions

 17:21 <jdstrand> Does anyone have any other questions or items to discuss?

 17:24 <jdstrand> mdeslaur, sbeattie, tyhicks, jjohansen, sarnold, ChrisCoulson: thanks!

 17:24 <jdstrand> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)