== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 20 Mar at 15:05 &mdash; 15:31 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2014/ubuntu-meeting.2014-03-20-15.05.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning round ===
The discussion about "Lightning round" started at 15:05.


=== AOB ===
The discussion about "AOB" started at 15:16.

  * ''LINK:'' http://bignay.canonical.com/~mvo/command-not-found/ 



== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * bdmurray (41)
 * cjwatson (31)
 * xnox (29)
 * barry (11)
 * ubottu (11)
 * caribou (10)
 * stgraber (6)
 * jodh (5)
 * doko (4)
 * meetingology (3)



== Full Log ==


 15:05 <cjwatson> #startmeeting

 15:05 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Mar 20 15:05:52 2014 UTC.  The chair is cjwatson. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 15:05 <meetingology> 

 15:05 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 15:05 <cjwatson> [TOPIC] Lightning round

 15:06 <xnox> cjwatson: hey!

 15:06 <caribou> cjwatson: I would like to go first if you don't mind

 15:06 <caribou> cjwatson: I will need to leave the meeting in ~20min

 15:06 <cjwatson> $ echo caribou $(shuf -e barry doko stgraber jodh bdmurray slangasek cjwatson xnox infinity)

 15:06 <cjwatson> caribou bdmurray xnox barry infinity slangasek stgraber doko cjwatson jodh

 15:07 <cjwatson> MooDoo: just a quick team standup, may not be very exciting I'm afraid :)

 15:08 <caribou> cjwatson: shall I proceed ?

 15:08 <cjwatson> yes, please do

 15:08 <caribou> weekly highlights

 15:08 <cjwatson> the above was the ordering

 15:08 <caribou> * Tested backport of kdump-tools to Precise

 15:08 <caribou> * Picked up some Work Items for updates to the Server Guide

 15:08 <caribou> - /etc/network/interfaces

 15:08 <caribou> - uvtool

 15:08 <caribou> * Worked on various charms issues

 15:08 <caribou> Done

 15:08 <bdmurray> working with dames regarding moving the error tracker to prodstack

 15:08 <bdmurray> worked on an apport branch to install specific package versions when retracing

 15:09 <bdmurray> updated integration-tests for the error tracker for testing prodstack

 15:09 <bdmurray> test of phased-updater with prodstack version of errors

 15:09 <bdmurray> attempted to get the error-tracker working with python-django 1.5

 15:09 <bdmurray> investigation into missing detailed stacktrace for a ubiquity crash (LP: #1267112)

 15:09 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1267112 in Daisy "errors indicates a retraced crash but isn't showing a stack trace" [High,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1267112

 15:09 <bdmurray> pushed daisy code to log a traceback if setting up the retrace env fails

 15:09 <bdmurray> submitted RT to have daisy updated

 15:09 <bdmurray> manually retraced the crash provided by jibel for bug 1267112

 15:09 <bdmurray> sorted out why the ubiquity crashes are disappearing (bug 1267112)

 15:09 <bdmurray> tested submit.py changes in canonistack (looks good)

 15:09 <bdmurray> submitted merge proposal regarding python crash detection for daisy

 15:09 <bdmurray> resolved an issue with the phased updater not stopping phased-updates due to a traceback

 15:09 <bdmurray> uploaded a fix for ubuntu-release-upgrader bug 1071025

 15:09 <ubottu> bug 1071025 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu) "do-release-upgrade allows both -d and -p switches although neither takes effect" [Medium,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1071025

 15:09 <bdmurray> reported and fixed ubuntu-release-upgrader bug 1289580 to improve crash report consolidation

 15:09 <ubottu> bug 1289580 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu Saucy) "dist upgrade crash tracebacks include a tmpdir name" [High,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1289580

 15:09 <bdmurray> overrode blocked phasing of ubuntu-release-upgrader (new crashes are seen because of how duplicates are consolidated)

 15:09 <bdmurray> reported ubuntu-release-upgrader bug 1289604

 15:09 <ubottu> bug 1289604 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu Saucy) "ubuntu-release-upgrader doesn't depend on python-apport" [High,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1289604

 15:09 <bdmurray> uploaded Saucy SRU for ubuntu-release-upgrader bugs 1289580 and bug 1289604

 15:09 <bdmurray> uploaded ubuntu-release-upgrader change to include DistUpgradeVersion from the release-upgrader tarball in the Package line of apport crashes

 15:09 <bdmurray> uploaded update-manager Precise SRU for bug 1289580

 15:09 <bdmurray> reported and fixed apt-clone bug 1290584

 15:09 <ubottu> bug 1290584 in apt-clone (Ubuntu) "apt-clone restore should have a use my mirror option" [Undecided,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1290584

 15:09 <bdmurray> uploaded fix for update-notifier bug 1227000

 15:10 <ubottu> bug 1227000 in The Ubuntu Power Consumption Project "update-notifier is polling every 5 seconds" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1227000

 15:10 <bdmurray> uploaded update-manager fix for bug 1290825

 15:10 <ubottu> bug 1290825 in update-manager (Ubuntu) "Upgrade using do-release-upgrade takes a long time to start because 'iptables -L' runs with DNS lookups enabled" [Medium,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1290825

 15:10 <bdmurray> investigation into update-manager test failures

 15:10 <bdmurray> I could use some help with that last thing regarding update-manager test failures

 15:10 <bdmurray> And the error tracker should be moving to prodstack today!

 15:10 <cjwatson> finally

 15:10 <cjwatson> :-)

 15:11 <bdmurray> ⌁ done ⌁

 15:11 <xnox> \o/

 15:11 <xnox> * vUDS:

 15:11 <xnox> - participated in the discussions, following up from that

 15:11 <xnox> * python2 / ap transition:

 15:11 <xnox> - pending release of phablet-tools from silo

 15:11 <xnox> - pending release of gallery-app click

 15:11 <xnox> - pending release of calendar-app click

 15:11 <xnox> * x86-emulator:

 15:11 <xnox> - uploaded bionic i686 toolchain

 15:11 <xnox> - working on packaging changes in src:android to build x86 emulator images

 15:11 <xnox> * release:

 15:11 <xnox> - worked on reviewing download pages / messaging on those for 14.04 release date

 15:11 <xnox> * qt5.2 transition:

 15:12 <xnox> - helped unwinding / unblocking the transition and building arch-restricted packages

 15:12 <xnox> * probably other things I missed.

 15:12 <xnox> TODO:

 15:12 <xnox> * boost1.54 bugfix update

 15:12 <xnox> * mdadm transition finalisation

 15:12 <xnox> ..

 15:12 <xnox> I am away next week, snowboarding.

 15:12 <barry> phone: gallery_app pkg_resources branch.  camera_app py3autopilot branch.  ci-train for landing system-image 2.2.  extensive testing.  had meeting on qa for system updates and worked on the system-image test plan.

 15:12 <barry> debuntu: worked a bit on LP: #1220013 and  LP: #1272359.  LP: #1269898.  sponsored nose 1.3.1-1.  Python 3.4 and ensurepip.  LP: #1295153.

 15:12 <barry> done

 15:12 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1220013 in python-apt (Ubuntu) "python-apt can SIGSEGV when encountering Packages stanzas with no Description field (was: update-apt-xapian-index crashed with SIGSEGV in File())" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1220013

 15:12 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1272359 in aptdaemon (Ubuntu Trusty) "Test suite fails in all versions of Python" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1272359

 15:12 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1269898 in oneconf (Ubuntu Trusty) "The use of __file__ causes the tests to fail in Python 3.4" [High,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1269898

 15:12 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1295153 in python3.3 (Ubuntu) "[FFe] Remove Python 3.3 from Trusty" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1295153

 15:13 <cjwatson> infinity and slangasek not here

 15:13 <cjwatson> stgraber:

 15:13 <stgraber> LXC: New CI infrastructure, code reviews, ...

 15:13 <stgraber> logind: Finished writing cgmanager integration patches, now blocked on the cgmanager MIR

 15:13 <stgraber> network: Working on a bunch of fixes for ifupdown/ifenslave. Fixed a small bug in isc-dhcp.

 15:13 <stgraber> system-image: Renamed all channels to ubuntu-touch/<channel>

 15:13 <stgraber> other: reviewd OFED packages, vUDS, travel plans for Malta, couple of CI-Train landings

 15:13 <stgraber> (DONE)

 15:14 <doko> - came back from vacation without computer, wading through email ...

 15:14 <doko> - intend to work on ftbfs, toolchain updates, python3.4, python3.3 removal, and on the fallout of the two test rebuilds

 15:14 <doko> (done)

 15:15 <cjwatson> python3.3 removal sounds promising

 15:15 <cjwatson> Last week: vUDS; landed libclick, followed by another landing to add interfaces for getting manifests and frameworks; worked on porting various bits of the phone stack to libclick for performance (1.4 seconds shaved off app startup, waiting to land).

 15:15 <cjwatson> Architecture porting assistance for the Qt 5.2 landing and fallout.  Bits of this continue.

 15:15 <cjwatson> Landed new ubuntu-sdk-14.04-*-dev1 click frameworks.

 15:15 <cjwatson> Landed a slew of "click chroot" improvements, so both 13.10 and 14.04 chroots should work now.

 15:15 <cjwatson> Working on getting ubuntu-sdk-libs-dev:armhf installable on other architectures.  Currently blocked on https://code.launchpad.net/~cjwatson/dee/multiarch/+merge/211463 and https://code.launchpad.net/~cjwatson/libaccounts-glib/multiarch/+merge/211468.

 15:15 <cjwatson> Helping jodh out with upstart async-spawn work.

 15:15 <cjwatson> ..

 15:15 <jodh> * vUDS.

 15:16 <jodh> * foundations-1305-upstart-work-items: Working with cjwatson on async

 15:16 <jodh> issues.

 15:16 <jodh> * other: Initial reviewed of plymouth MP for xnox (still need to re-review).

 15:16 <jodh> ⤤

 15:16 <cjwatson> [TOPIC] AOB

 15:16 <cjwatson> anything else people have for today?

 15:17 <bdmurray> I'd appreciate it if someone else could have a look at t the update-manager test failures

 15:17 <cjwatson> ok, just current trunk?

 15:17 <cjwatson> been a while since I looked at u-m

 15:17 <bdmurray> yeah, its been failing since february it seems

 15:17 <barry> bdmurray: is there a bug?

 15:18 <bdmurray> barry: I don't think so

 15:18 <barry> bdmurray: okay

 15:18 <cjwatson> bdmurray: erm, remind me how to run the tests?

 15:19 <bdmurray> xvfb-run nosetests3 --tests tests/test_update_list.py

 15:19 * barry grabs the branch

 15:19 <cjwatson> oh, well if barry's keen ... :-)

 15:19 <bdmurray> nothing has changed in update-manager itself

 15:20 <barry> well, i'll take a look :)

 15:20 <cjwatson> might be worth trying with saucy's python-apt, that seems like a plausible candidate

 15:20 <barry> bdmurray: FAILED (errors=1, failures=5)

 15:20 <barry> is that what you see?

 15:21 <bdmurray> I did try it with python-apt 0.9.1ubuntu1 and it still failed

 15:21 <bdmurray> barry: yes

 15:22 <barry> cool.  i'll poke at it more after lunch

 15:22 <bdmurray> xnox: you said you'd updated app-install-data?

 15:22 <bdmurray> barry: thanks!

 15:22 <xnox> bdmurray: yes, I did.

 15:22 <xnox> bdmurray: i didn't update "command-not-found" and I'm not sure how that is generated.

 15:22 <xnox> should I contact mvo about that?

 15:23 <xnox> bdmurray: well the data used by command-not-found.

 15:23 <bdmurray> xnox: I think so, but I'll check my notes too.

 15:23 <xnox> bdmurray: well, it's before my time. And there was nothing substantial on the wiki.ubuntu.com (apart from original implementation blueprints / plannning)

 15:24 <barry> xnox: yes, i think you should contact mvo.  iirc, it's rather tricky to update that data

 15:24 <cjwatson> xnox: mvo is back soon, so maybe it can wait a couple of weeks :)

 15:24 <bdmurray> http://bignay.canonical.com/~mvo/command-not-found/

 15:24 <bdmurray> that has recent data

 15:25 <doko> cjwatson, start of April?

 15:25 <cjwatson> think so

 15:26 <xnox> bdmurray: oh, excellent! if that is still cron-running, i think i should be able to figure out how to update the package with data off there.

 15:26 <xnox> bdmurray: the generating new data is what I was after ;-)

 15:26 <bdmurray> xnox: pre-build.sh seems to call update-from-web.sh which gets data from there

 15:29 <cjwatson> ok, anything else?

 15:29 <xnox> bdmurray: right, i think i need to reconcile lp:command-not-found, lp:~ubuntu-core-dev/command-not-found/ubuntu, lp:ubuntu/command-not-found, do pre-build.sh, generate new upload and upload. And then it should be all good. I'll work on doing that.

 15:30 <bdmurray> xnox: thanks

 15:31 <cjwatson> right, I think we're done, further command-not-found discussion -> #ubuntu-devel :)

 15:31 <cjwatson> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)