== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 08 Dec at 17:50 &mdash; 18:01 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2014/ubuntu-meeting.2014-12-08-17.50.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting 
=== Weekly stand-up report ===
The discussion about "Weekly stand-up report" started at 17:50.


=== Highlighted packages ===
The discussion about "Highlighted packages" started at 17:59.

  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/rocksndiamonds.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/stunnel4.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/ekiga.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/c-icap.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/localepurge.html 

=== Miscellaneous and Questions ===
The discussion about "Miscellaneous and Questions" started at 18:00.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * mdeslaur (28)
 * sbeattie (8)
 * sarnold (5)
 * jjohansen (4)
 * chrisccoulson (3)
 * meetingology (3)



== Full Log ==


 17:50 <mdeslaur> #startmeeting

 17:50 <meetingology> Meeting started Mon Dec  8 17:50:39 2014 UTC.  The chair is mdeslaur. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 17:50 <meetingology> 

 17:50 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 17:50 <sarnold> o/

 17:50 <mdeslaur> The meeting agenda can be found at:

 17:50 <mdeslaur> [LINK] https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting

 17:50 <mdeslaur> no announcements this week

 17:50 <mdeslaur> [TOPIC] Weekly stand-up report

 17:50 <mdeslaur> I'll go first

 17:51 <mdeslaur> I've just published some jasper updates

 17:51 <mdeslaur> and am currently working on an embargoed update

 17:51 <mdeslaur> I have a short week this week, as I start my holiday vacation on friday

 17:51 * mdeslaur laughs diabolical laugh

 17:51 <sbeattie> heh

 17:51 <mdeslaur> and if I have time, I'll try and do a couple of other updates before I go

 17:52 <mdeslaur> that's it, sbeattie, you're up

 17:52 <sbeattie> I also have a short week this week, I'm off tomorrow and friday.

 17:52 <sbeattie> I'm still working on the pie-on-amd64 compiler stuff

 17:52 <sbeattie> I have a mutt update in progress

 17:53 <mdeslaur> have you been lurking the pie thread on oss-sec?

 17:53 <sbeattie> and I have a bunch of apparmor patches to catch up on.

 17:53 <sbeattie> mdeslaur: I haven't yet, but plan to look at it this morning.

 17:53 <sbeattie> that's pretty much it for me.

 17:53 <sbeattie> jjohansen: I think you're next.

 17:54 <jjohansen> so I have some review to do a the apparmor patch queue to do

 17:54 <jjohansen> and I will be working on revising the kernel patch series for upstreaming

 17:55 <jjohansen> I think that is all that is currently planned, sarnold your up

 17:57 <mdeslaur> sarnold: wake up

 17:57 <sarnold> I'm on a short week this week and next week, two days off of each of them, not entirely sure which days yet though, trying to coordinate with electricians and maybe (hopefully not) a plumber..

 17:58 <sarnold> I'm finishing up a security update for graphviz today, returning to an in-progress MIR, and hopefully going to make my way through some of tyhicks's apparmor patches

 17:58 <jjohansen> sarnold: but unplanned swimming pools are fun

 17:58 <sarnold> jjohansen: surprise pool! yay!

 17:58 <sarnold> I think that's it for me, chrisccoulson?

 17:58 <chrisccoulson> Very short week for me this week - I'm only here today and tomorrow :)

 17:59 <chrisccoulson> I've got one embargoed update to do. Other than that, I'll be trying to cram whatever I can in between now and tomorrow afternoon

 17:59 <chrisccoulson> That's me done

 17:59 <mdeslaur> cool

 17:59 <mdeslaur> ok, that's everyone

 17:59 <mdeslaur> [TOPIC] Highlighted packages

 17:59 <mdeslaur> The Ubuntu Security team will highlight some community-supported packages that might be good candidates for updating and or triaging. If you would like to help Ubuntu and not sure where to start, this is a great way to do so.

 18:00 <mdeslaur> See https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/UpdateProcedures for details and if you have any questions, feel free to ask in #ubuntu-security. To find out other ways of helping out, please see https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/GettingInvolved.

 18:00 <mdeslaur> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/rocksndiamonds.html

 18:00 <mdeslaur> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/stunnel4.html

 18:00 <mdeslaur> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/ekiga.html

 18:00 <mdeslaur> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/c-icap.html

 18:00 <mdeslaur> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/localepurge.html

 18:00 <mdeslaur> [TOPIC] Miscellaneous and Questions

 18:00 <mdeslaur> Does anyone have any other questions or items to discuss?

 18:01 <mdeslaur> Thanks everyone!

 18:01 <mdeslaur> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)