== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 10 Feb at 16:37 &mdash; 17:22 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2014/ubuntu-meeting.2014-02-10-16.37.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting 
=== Announcements ===
The discussion about "Announcements" started at 16:37.


=== Review of any previous action items ===
The discussion about "Review of any previous action items" started at 16:38.

  * ''ACTION:'' chrisccoulson to benchmark oxide and qtwebkit

=== Weekly stand-up report ===
The discussion about "Weekly stand-up report" started at 16:43.


=== Highlighted packages ===
The discussion about "Highlighted packages" started at 17:06.

  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/opensaml2.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/restlet.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/linkchecker.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/prewikka.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/mpop.html 

=== Miscellaneous and Questions ===
The discussion about "Miscellaneous and Questions" started at 17:07.




== Vote results ==




== Action items, by person ==

 * chrisccoulson
  * chrisccoulson to benchmark oxide and qtwebkit



== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * jdstrand (43)
 * mdeslaur (10)
 * chrisccoulson (9)
 * sarnold (8)
 * tyhicks (8)
 * sbeattie (5)
 * meetingology (4)
 * jjohansen (3)
 * ubottu (2)



== Full Log ==


 16:37 <jdstrand> #startmeeting

 16:37 <meetingology> Meeting started Mon Feb 10 16:37:20 2014 UTC.  The chair is jdstrand. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:37 <meetingology> 

 16:37 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 16:37 * sbeattie waves

 16:37 <jdstrand> The meeting agenda can be found at:

 16:37 <jdstrand> [LINK] https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting

 16:37 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Announcements

 16:37 <jdstrand> Thanks to Felix Geyer (debfx) provided debdiffs for Precise, Raring, Saucy for libotr, libotr2 (LP: #1266016). Your work is very much appreciated and will keep Ubuntu users secure. Great job! :)

 16:37 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1266016 in libotr2 (Ubuntu Saucy) "Disable insecure OTRv1 protocol" [Undecided,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1266016

 16:38 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Review of any previous action items

 16:38 <jdstrand> [ACTION] chrisccoulson to benchmark oxide and qtwebkit

 16:38 * meetingology chrisccoulson to benchmark oxide and qtwebkit

 16:38 <jdstrand> chrisccoulson: I think we are in a position now where that can happen this week?

 16:39 <jdstrand> chrisccoulson: all I'm looking for is on mako, opening the few testsuites in both oxide and qtwebkit and putting the results somewhere

 16:40 <jdstrand> chrisccoulson: I think we would wnat a non-debug build

 16:42 <mdeslaur> chrisccoulson: WAKE UP ^G^G^G^G^G

 16:42 <jdstrand> ok, I'll swing back

 16:43 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Weekly stand-up report

 16:43 <jdstrand> I'll go first

 16:43 <jdstrand> I'm on triage this week

 16:43 <jdstrand> I have some pending updates I am working on

 16:43 <chrisccoulson> oh, sorry, i'm here now ;)

 16:44 <jdstrand> I have an incredible amount of followups from the sprint and other things that accumulated during the sprint

 16:44 <jdstrand> I hope to tie up several work items too

 16:45 <jdstrand> that's it for me

 16:45 <jdstrand> mdeslaur: you're up

 16:45 <mdeslaur> I'm on community this week

 16:45 <mdeslaur> I'm currently testing some libgadu updates I should be pushing out in a few miutes

 16:46 <mdeslaur> and will continue going down the CVE list, as usual

 16:46 <mdeslaur> that's about it from me

 16:46 <mdeslaur> sbeattie: you're up

 16:46 <sbeattie> I'm focused on apparmor work again this week.

 16:46 <sbeattie> I'll be concentrating on the apparmor testing work items in support of jjohansen's work on IPC.

 16:47 <sbeattie> I also accumulated a couple of other tasks from the sprint around apparmor and will take care of those.

 16:47 <sbeattie> That's pretty much it for me. tyhicks?

 16:47 <tyhicks> I was able to wrap up several nagging work items during the sprint last week

 16:48 <tyhicks> so now my priorities for this week are:

 16:48 <tyhicks> Submitting some kdbus patches upstream

 16:48 <tyhicks> Submitting our dbus-daemon mediation patches upstream

 16:48 <mdeslaur> cool

 16:49 <tyhicks> and, to a much lesser extent, testing a bug fix to precise's audit package and getting a test-audit.py in place

 16:49 <tyhicks> that's it for me

 16:49 <tyhicks> jjohansen: you're up

 16:49 <tyhicks> (the bug fix is for LP: #1158500)

 16:49 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1158500 in audit (Ubuntu) "auditd fails to add rules when used in precise with -lts-quantal kernel" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1158500

 16:50 <jjohansen> I'm working on apparmor this week. I've got a ppa upload to get out, and then some more ipc and stacking bugs to fix

 16:50 <jjohansen> oh and I should try drowning the list in patches too, I suppose

 16:51 <jjohansen> that is it for me, sarnold your up

 16:53 <sarnold> I'm in happy place this week, I've got an nginx mir to finish, a security update to prepare, test, and release, and finish testing the patches from the ubuntu apparmor packaging when pushed into the upstream apparmor trunk

 16:54 <mdeslaur> \o/ nginx in main

 16:54 <mdeslaur> sarnold: any blockers so far?

 16:54 <sarnold> mdeslaur: no, it's depressingly good code :) there's nearly nothing to complain about. I did find one funny cute little bug, but it is in code that we don't build and wouldn't have any real security impact anyway

 16:55 <mdeslaur> sarnold: awesome!

 16:55 <jdstrand> sarnold: in the past, the blocker was their release process. can you spend a few minutes looking at that and commenting in the bug. it may be all fine now (this was years ago)

 16:55 <sarnold> mdeslaur: they wrote their own printf-style family of printing routines, which is pretty awesome, it's good stuff, but they missed a parameter in a printf -- and since they never caught it, I figure they need to use some gcc attributes to try to catch those -- if they can

 16:56 <jdstrand> sarnold: (well, we never looked at it in depth cause of the release process)

 16:56 <jdstrand> sarnold: I think someone already commented in the bug on that, but it would be nice for us to verify the claim

 16:56 <sarnold> the one I found is nothing impressive, but there might be some I haven't spotted that might be more trouble.

 16:57 <sarnold> jdstrand: yeah, I can spend some time working on that. I'm so far liking that they've got a branch for stable updates and a branch for development testing. I -hope- that they intend to support their stable branch for a while, it'd be nice if it isn't replaced immediately..

 17:00 <sarnold> Oh yes, the administrivia from the sprint trip :) I knew I forgot somethng.

 17:00 <sarnold> anyway, that's me covered, chrisccoulson you're up if you're here :)

 17:00 <chrisccoulson> i am

 17:01 <chrisccoulson> this week, i'll be getting firefox and thunderbird out

 17:01 <chrisccoulson> and then working on the last couple of things to make oxide actually usable on the device (touch events and pinch to zoom)

 17:01 <chrisccoulson> oxide works on maguro btw ;)

 17:02 <chrisccoulson> that's me done :)

 17:02 <jdstrand> chrisccoulson: did you see my questions above?

 17:02 <chrisccoulson> jdstrand, yeah, i think we'll be able to do that

 17:03 <jdstrand> chrisccoulson: should that be done via a non-debug ppa build?

 17:03 <sarnold> chrisccoulson: nice :D

 17:03 <chrisccoulson> yeah, i think so

 17:03 <jdstrand> chrisccoulson: or would you just do that locally?

 17:04 <chrisccoulson> i'll do another PPA build

 17:04 <jdstrand> chrisccoulson: the urls are in the index.html page of that click pacakge I gave you. I can give them to you again if you want (and you can decide which are appropriate)

 17:04 <jdstrand> chrisccoulson: cool, thanks

 17:06 <jdstrand> chrisccoulson: as for the email-- maybe just upload the results to people.c.c and then give the link and a brief summary> "oxide rocks and can do more than qtwebkit" or similar. ie, don't spend a lot of time analyzing and formatting a great benchmarks email

 17:06 <jdstrand> chrisccoulson: (obviously, if there are problems, we should file bugs, etc)

 17:06 <jdstrand> anyhoo

 17:06 <jdstrand> cool

 17:06 <jdstrand> I guess its back to me then

 17:06 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Highlighted packages

 17:06 <jdstrand> The Ubuntu Security team will highlight some community-supported packages that might be good candidates for updating and or triaging. If you would like to help Ubuntu and not sure where to start, this is a great way to do so.

 17:06 <jdstrand> See https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/UpdateProcedures for details and if you have any questions, feel free to ask in #ubuntu-security. To find out other ways of helping out, please see https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/GettingInvolved.

 17:06 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/opensaml2.html

 17:06 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/restlet.html

 17:06 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/linkchecker.html

 17:06 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/prewikka.html

 17:07 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/mpop.html

 17:07 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Miscellaneous and Questions

 17:07 <jdstrand> Does anyone have any other questions or items to discuss?

 17:22 <jdstrand> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)