== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting: Ubuntu DMB, 07 Apr at 15:03 &mdash; 15:18 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2014/ubuntu-meeting.2014-04-07-15.03.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Review of previous action items ===
The discussion about "Review of previous action items" started at 15:03.


=== Per Package Uploader Application: Benjamin Kerensa ===
The discussion about "Per Package Uploader Application: Benjamin Kerensa" started at 15:07.


=== Ubuntu Core dev application: Adam Stokes ===
The discussion about "Ubuntu Core dev application: Adam Stokes" started at 15:09.


=== AOB ===
The discussion about "AOB" started at 15:15.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * bdmurray (18)
 * ScottK (6)
 * Laney (5)
 * xnox (4)
 * stgraber (3)
 * meetingology (3)



== Full Log ==


 15:03 <bdmurray> #startmeeting Ubuntu DMB

 15:03 <meetingology> Meeting started Mon Apr  7 15:03:16 2014 UTC.  The chair is bdmurray. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 15:03 <meetingology> 

 15:03 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 15:03 <bdmurray> #topic Review of previous action items

 15:04 <bdmurray> It doesn't look like there were any previous action items, as the one on the agenda seems to be a holdover, correct?

 15:04 <ScottK> No.  I think at least some of that needed to be done after the last meeting.

 15:04 <ScottK> stgraber would know if it's all done, in any case.

 15:05 <stgraber> I think everything was done

 15:06 <bdmurray> okay, great.

 15:06 <bdmurray> moving on then

 15:07 <bdmurray> #topic Per Package Uploader Application: Benjamin Kerensa

 15:08 <bdmurray> I don't see bkerensa here, but I've pinged him.

 15:08 <Laney> Could swap to stokachu & come back

 15:09 <bdmurray> okay, let's do that then

 15:09 <bdmurray> #topic Ubuntu Core dev application: Adam Stokes

 15:09 <bdmurray> stokachu: Are you ready?

 15:11 <Laney> Hmm

 15:12 <xnox> utc/summer-time hiatus?

 15:13 <stgraber> well, if that was the case, they'd have been here an hour ago

 15:13 <stgraber> so probably not

 15:13 * xnox ponders australia... two hours late or something like that?!

 15:13 <ScottK> Makes it a short meeting.

 15:13 <xnox> they are not in southern hemispheres though, i think.

 15:13 <bdmurray> Maybe we should email candidates a reminder?

 15:14 <ScottK> I think if they can't manage to remember, they've earned the result they get.

 15:14 <ScottK> We can roll them over to two weeks from now.

 15:14 <ScottK> The agenda for that meeting is empty ATM anyway.

 15:15 <bdmurray> Maybe they should be 2nd in case anybody else applies

 15:15 <Laney> Bit unfortunate if anyone wants to apply today for the next meeting

 15:15 <Laney> Ho hum

 15:15 <bdmurray> #topic AOB

 15:15 <Laney> That's what happens, I guess

 15:16 <bdmurray> Okay, is there anything else?

 15:16 <xnox> well if people show up in 1 hour maybe we could still reconvene...

 15:16 <bdmurray> I'm actually not working / on holiday today

 15:17 <bdmurray> and I still made it to the meeting on time ;-)

 15:18 <bdmurray> Since there's nothing else then let's wrap up the meeting.

 15:18 <bdmurray> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)