== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting: ubuntu-server-team, 13 May at 16:08 &mdash; 16:17 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2014/ubuntu-meeting.2014-05-13-16.08.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Review ACTION points from previous meeting ===
The discussion about "Review ACTION points from previous meeting" started at 16:08.


=== Utopic Development ===
The discussion about "Utopic Development" started at 16:08.

  * ''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/UtopicUnicorn/ReleaseSchedule 
 * '''Release Bugs''' (16:09)
  * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-u-tracking-bug-tasks.html#ubuntu-server 
 * '''Blueprints''' (16:10)
  * ''LINK:'' http://status.ubuntu.com/ubuntu-t/group/topic-u-servercloud-overview.html 

=== Server & Cloud Bugs (caribou) ===
The discussion about "Server & Cloud Bugs (caribou)" started at 16:10.


=== Weekly Updates & Questions for the QA Team (psivaa) ===
The discussion about "Weekly Updates & Questions for the QA Team (psivaa)" started at 16:11.


=== Weekly Updates & Questions for the Kernel Team (smb, sforshee) ===
The discussion about "Weekly Updates & Questions for the Kernel Team (smb, sforshee)" started at 16:12.


=== Ubuntu Server Team Events ===
The discussion about "Ubuntu Server Team Events" started at 16:15.


=== Open Discussio ===
The discussion about "Open Discussio" started at 16:15.


=== Open Discussion ===
The discussion about "Open Discussion" started at 16:15.


=== Announce next meeting date and time ===
The discussion about "Announce next meeting date and time" started at 16:16.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * arosales (30)
 * meetingology (3)
 * psivaa (2)
 * sforshee (1)
 * lutostag (1)
 * matsubara (1)
 * caribou (1)
 * smb (1)



== Full Log ==


 16:08 <arosales> #startmeeting ubuntu-server-team

 16:08 <meetingology> Meeting started Tue May 13 16:08:13 2014 UTC.  The chair is arosales. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:08 <meetingology> 

 16:08 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 16:08 <arosales> #topic Review ACTION points from previous meeting

 16:08 <arosales> looks like james had the meeting hand action done

 16:08 <arosales> #topic Utopic Development

 16:09 <arosales> nothing there atm as we are just getting kicked off

 16:09 <arosales> #link https://wiki.ubuntu.com/UtopicUnicorn/ReleaseSchedule

 16:09 <arosales> u-cycle release udpated there

 16:09 <arosales> #subtopic Release Bugs

 16:09 <arosales> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-u-tracking-bug-tasks.html#ubuntu-server

 16:09 <arosales> mostly for fyi since folks are out

 16:10 <arosales> #subtopic Blueprints

 16:10 <arosales> #link http://status.ubuntu.com/ubuntu-t/group/topic-u-servercloud-overview.html

 16:10 <arosales> another fyi

 16:10 <arosales> #topic Server & Cloud Bugs (caribou)

 16:10 <caribou> Nothing here, I'm good

 16:11 <arosales> caribou: thanks

 16:11 <arosales> #topic Weekly Updates & Questions for the QA Team (psivaa)

 16:12 <psivaa> arosales: not much of an update but looking into some lamp related precise test failures in the smoke suite

 16:12 <arosales> psivaa: ack, and thanks for the update.

 16:12 <arosales> psivaa: ping in #ubuntu-server if there are any bugs they need more attention than the bugs are getting

 16:12 <arosales> #topic Weekly Updates & Questions for the Kernel Team (smb, sforshee)

 16:13 <psivaa> arosales: ack

 16:13 <sforshee> nothing from me, and smb doesn't seem to be here

 16:15 <arosales> sforshee: ok and thanks

 16:15 <arosales> #topic Ubuntu Server Team Events

 16:15 <arosales> folks are at ODS :-)

 16:15 <arosales> #topic Open Discussio

 16:15 <arosales> #topic Open Discussion

 16:15 * arosales suspects there are no topics

 16:15 <arosales> lutostag: matsubara ?

 16:15 <matsubara> nothing from me

 16:16 <lutostag> nothing here either

 16:16 <smb> arosales, Oops, seems I am late for the show. But I had nothing to report anyway

 16:16 <arosales> lutostag: matsubara: smb: ok, and thanks for joining

 16:16 <arosales> #topic Announce next meeting date and time

 16:17 <arosales> Tuesday 2014-05-20 at 1600 UTC

 16:17 <arosales> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)