== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting: Ubuntu Foundations team meeting, 18 Dec at 16:00 &mdash; 16:18 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2014/ubuntu-meeting.2014-12-18-16.00.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning round ===
The discussion about "Lightning round" started at 16:00.


=== AOB ===
The discussion about "AOB" started at 16:12.

  * ''LINK:'' http://paste.ubuntu.com/9561433/ 



== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * stgraber (22)
 * cjwatson (13)
 * bdmurray (13)
 * doko (11)
 * caribou (10)
 * infinity (9)
 * ubottu (6)
 * meetingology (3)
 * jodh (2)
 * cking (2)



== Full Log ==


 16:00 <stgraber> #startmeeting Ubuntu Foundations team meeting

 16:00 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Dec 18 16:00:21 2014 UTC.  The chair is stgraber. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:00 <meetingology> 

 16:00 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 16:00 <stgraber> #topic Lightning round

 16:00 <stgraber> stgraber@dakara:~$ echo $(shuf -e barry doko stgraber jodh bdmurray slangasek cjwatson caribou infinity mvo sil2100 robru)

 16:00 <stgraber> sil2100 slangasek bdmurray cjwatson barry mvo jodh doko infinity robru stgraber caribou

 16:00 <stgraber> sil2100 isn't on IRC and slangasek is off, so that's bdmurray's turn

 16:01 <bdmurray> errors updates: display message for devices that haven't reported a crash display retrace failure reason for a bucket speed up user=foundations-bugs for users subscribed to a lot of packages

 16:01 <bdmurray> daisy updates: landed --nouse-sandbox daisy retracer option for testing speediness added retracer.py options to wipe sandbox and cache directories after each retrace

 16:01 <bdmurray> modified javascript to prevent loading most-common-problems API query multiple times

 16:01 <bdmurray> merged thedac's changes to daisy-retracer charm to hold packages (x2)

 16:01 <bdmurray> uploaded packages to vivid to get ddebs for all architectures

 16:01 <bdmurray> merged fix for ubuntu-release-upgrader / update-manager bug LP: #1399916

 16:01 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1399916 in update-manager (Ubuntu) "/just/in/case:-)" [Medium,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1399916

 16:01 <bdmurray> uploaded whoopsie fixing bugs LP: #1397340, LP: #1392412

 16:01 <bdmurray> updated apport check-contents-server-age merge proposal based off pitti's feedback

 16:01 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1397340 in whoopsie (Ubuntu) "Integer overflow when processing giant field values" [Medium,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1397340

 16:01 <bdmurray> review of halted phased updates and overrode false positives

 16:02 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1392412 in whoopsie (Ubuntu) "may frequently try to upload reports when server responds with 400" [Medium,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1392412

 16:02 <bdmurray> submitted ubuntu-archive-tools mp with sru-review changes for ubuntu-sponsors

 16:02 <bdmurray> pinged tseliot about bug LP: #1401390

 16:02 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1401390 in hwloc (Ubuntu) "apt-get install nvidia-331 triggers 691 packages to be installed" [High,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1401390

 16:02 <bdmurray> working with webops to test retracer changes to improve time to retrace in scaling stack

 16:02 <bdmurray> ✔ done

 16:02 <cjwatson> 50% on holiday since last meeting.  New mattress and happier back!

 16:02 <cjwatson> Ran Mathieu through the process of gfxboot-theme-ubuntu translation updates.

 16:02 <cjwatson> Finished off changes to component-mismatches to categorise output by teams.  Should be generalisable to other reports without too ridiculous an amount of work.

 16:02 <cjwatson> Helped out with ubuntu-touch-meta fix/workaround for bug 1399597.

 16:02 <ubottu> bug 1399597 in oxide-qt (Ubuntu) "unity-scope-click autopkgtests with a package installation failure because of oxide codecs" [Medium,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1399597

 16:02 <cjwatson> Rescued bits of cdimage crontab after some of it was lost by mistake yesterday.

 16:02 <cjwatson> Worked on making update_excuses.html a bit friendlier by way of bug 1403849.

 16:02 <ubottu> bug 1403849 in Launchpad itself "URLs for latest build of a DistributionSourcePackageRelease on a given architecture" [Undecided,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1403849

 16:02 <cjwatson> Went through and closed ~120 browser tabs and unassigned myself from ~60 bug tasks.  See you next year from the Launchpad team!

 16:02 <cjwatson> ..

 16:03 <doko> "happy" new year :-/

 16:05 <stgraber> barry and mvo don't seem to be around, so that's doko then

 16:05 <stgraber> or jodh

 16:05 <cjwatson> isn't jodh around?  yeah

 16:06 <jodh> * working on ubuntu core.

 16:06 <jodh> ᐔ

 16:06 <stgraber> ah, there he is, just wasn't on mumble :)

 16:06 <doko> - still working on the ISL 0.14 transition

 16:06 <doko> - I think there is too much deadlock here waiting on things ...

 16:06 <doko> - GCC 5 packaging updates

 16:06 <doko> - some MIR's

 16:06 <doko> - preparing for GCC 4.8.4

 16:06 <doko> - address SRU icedtea-web regression

 16:06 <doko> - trying to get my INBOX better organized

 16:06 <doko> (done)

 16:07 <infinity> * emergency kernel SRU wrangling

 16:07 <infinity> * helped out cyphermox with some armhf alignment issues

 16:07 <infinity> * worked on IBM RAS package updates

 16:07 <infinity> * general AA and SRU tasks

 16:07 <infinity> * worked on dpkg trigger loop bug with guillem

 16:07 <infinity> * discussion and planning for a thing I can't talk about yet

 16:07 <infinity> (done)

 16:07 <stgraber> robru:

 16:10 <stgraber> alright, no robru apparently

 16:10 <stgraber> At the snappy sprint in CPT last week, back home on Monday evening.

 16:10 <stgraber> Alpha-1 prep work on Tuesday, some LXD code reviews, organizing a LXD sprint.

 16:10 <stgraber> Off on Wednesday.

 16:10 <stgraber> More alpha-1 and travel organization today.

 16:10 <stgraber> (DONE)

 16:10 <caribou> Misc bug hunting :

 16:10 <caribou> * iscsi boot

 16:10 <caribou> * diskless NFS boot

 16:10 <caribou> * CUPS env variable overriding

 16:11 <caribou> (done)

 16:11 <stgraber> I don't suppose anyone has something that they'd want to present to the team?

 16:11 <caribou> My best wishes for the upcoming new year ?

 16:11 <infinity> This basket of puppies.

 16:12 <stgraber> :)

 16:12 <stgraber> #topic AOB

 16:12 <doko> 30% of open positions  in the new year?

 16:12 <stgraber> so I guess it's time to wish everyone a merry christmas, happy new year, ... and see you all at some point in 2015!

 16:13 <caribou> http://paste.ubuntu.com/9561433/

 16:13 <doko> well, would like to see

 16:13 <caribou> from Mr cking expertise

 16:13 <stgraber> :)

 16:14 * cjwatson waves, good luck to you all

 16:14 <infinity> caribou: Do I want to compile that?

 16:14 <cking> caribou, this one is better: http://smackerelofopinion.blogspot.co.uk/2013/12/infinite-snowflake.html

 16:14 <caribou> infinity: sure, you'll get a nice song out of it

 16:15 <caribou> cking: yeah, I saw your post, didn't get to compile this one yet

 16:15 <cjwatson> incidentally I dug out the mail, we've been called "Foundations" since August 2008

 16:16 <cking> caribou, or this one https://pastebin.canonical.com/122595/

 16:16 <cjwatson> and the distro team split into platform (now foundations) and desktop in December 2006

 16:17 <cjwatson> so it's been about that long

 16:18 <stgraber> sounds like that's it for this meeting then, thanks everyone!

 16:18 <stgraber> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)