== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting: Technical Board meeting, 17 Mar at 21:05 &mdash; 21:23 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2014/ubuntu-meeting.2014-03-17-21.05.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Action review ===
The discussion about "Action review" started at 21:05.


=== Scan the mailing list archive for anything we missed ===
The discussion about "Scan the mailing list archive for anything we missed" started at 21:07.

  * ''ACTION:'' slangasek to send infinity the summary of flavor LTS support for adjusting in Launchpad
  * ''ACTION:'' infinity to mark 14.04 LTS flavor support in Launchpad: Edubuntu, Kubuntu, Kylin => 5 years and GNOME, Xubuntu, Mythbuntu and Studio => 3 years

=== Check up on community bugs ===
The discussion about "Check up on community bugs" started at 21:21.


=== Select a chair for the next meeting ===
The discussion about "Select a chair for the next meeting" started at 21:22.




== Vote results ==




== Action items, by person ==

 * infinity
  * slangasek to send infinity the summary of flavor LTS support for adjusting in Launchpad
  * infinity to mark 14.04 LTS flavor support in Launchpad: Edubuntu, Kubuntu, Kylin => 5 years and GNOME, Xubuntu, Mythbuntu and Studio => 3 years
 * slangasek
  * slangasek to send infinity the summary of flavor LTS support for adjusting in Launchpad



== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * mdeslaur (23)
 * slangasek (20)
 * infinity (19)
 * stgraber (11)
 * darkxst (6)
 * meetingology (5)
 * gilir (1)



== Full Log ==


 21:05 <mdeslaur> #startmeeting Technical Board meeting

 21:05 <meetingology> Meeting started Mon Mar 17 21:05:06 2014 UTC.  The chair is mdeslaur. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 21:05 <meetingology> 

 21:05 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 21:05 <mdeslaur> #topic Action review

 21:05 <stgraber> any besides the LTS stuff which we said we'd do by e-mail (I really need to reply to some of those...) I'm not sure that we have anything to vote on anyway

 21:05 <stgraber> s/^any //

 21:05 <mdeslaur> so, we still have kees' "MRE" item

 21:06 <mdeslaur> but he's not here, so let's defer that for now

 21:06 <infinity> I guess that carries, since he seems to not be around to speak to it. :P

 21:06 <mdeslaur> does anyone have any other action items that aren't on the wiki page?

 21:07 <mdeslaur> #topic Scan the mailing list archive for anything we missed

 21:07 <infinity> We could take the LTS stuff from email to meeting, if we feel we're in a position to JFDI on some voting there.

 21:07 <slangasek> did the Ubuntu GNOME people make it today?

 21:07 <infinity> slangasek: FWIW, I agree with your "nothing shorter than 3y for an LTS commitment".

 21:07 <slangasek> darkxst said he was interested in discussing

 21:07 <darkxst> slangasek, hey, I am here

 21:07 <mdeslaur> I'd prefer waiting for a reply to slangasek's email

 21:07 <slangasek> darkxst: hello

 21:07 <mdeslaur> oh, cool. hi darkxst

 21:08 <slangasek> darkxst: hi - have you seen my mail today regarding the need for an overlap between LTSes to give users a chance to upgrade?

 21:08 <darkxst> yes, I just replied now

 21:08 <darkxst> only just woke up ;)

 21:09 <darkxst> "Was simply not aware that upgrades aren't enabled until 16.04.1. Certainly our intention is to provide some overlap for upgrades."

 21:09 <slangasek> ok

 21:10 <slangasek> and yes, we generally hold off on flipping the switch on the server regarding upgrades until the .1 point release

 21:10 <infinity> If you're okay with providing 3y, I think we should just go with that and approve it, unless there are objections?

 21:10 <darkxst> and if 3 years support is the minimum we will support that time frame,

 21:10 <slangasek> and that's a common switch that affects all flavors, not something we could make a per-flavor exception for

 21:10 <slangasek> I think "3 years minimum" is the consensus, at least among the TB members here

 21:11 <infinity> Is anyone gathering up all the LTS statuses somewhere handily central, so we can do the LP changes required to mark all the packagesets?

 21:11 <slangasek> if we have the 3-year committment, are we happy to approve Ubuntu GNOME for LTS?

 21:11 <infinity> +1

 21:11 <mdeslaur> +1

 21:11 <slangasek> +1

 21:11 <stgraber> +1

 21:12 <slangasek> darkxst: welcome to the LTS :)

 21:12 <darkxst> thanks ;)

 21:12 <mdeslaur> [AGREED] Ubuntu GNOME is a 3 year LTS

 21:12 <mdeslaur> gah

 21:12 <slangasek> infinity: well, I'm gathering them in the sense that they're all in a suitable mailbox

 21:12 <slangasek> infinity: but if I have access to tweak the packagesets, I don't know how; is that something you could take the action for?

 21:13 <infinity> It, hilariously, take an LP MP to make it happen, IIRC.

 21:13 <slangasek> and if you need me to send you the summary of LTS flavors I can do that

 21:13 <infinity> s/take/takes/

 21:13 <infinity> slangasek: If you want to summarize the flavour/support bits, I can handle the LP side.

 21:13 <slangasek> [ACTION] slangasek to send infinity the summary of flavor LTS support for adjusting in Launchpad

 21:13 * meetingology slangasek to send infinity the summary of flavor LTS support for adjusting in Launchpad

 21:14 <stgraber> Edubuntu, Kubuntu, Kylin => 5 years and GNOME, Xubuntu, Mythbuntu and Studio => 3 years

 21:14 <stgraber> that's what I have in my notes here anyway

 21:14 <slangasek> ok, stgraber steals the action

 21:14 <infinity> Heh.

 21:14 <infinity> stgraber: Triple check and drop me an email (or an MP, if you're feeling adventurous).

 21:15 <slangasek> [ACTION] infinity to mark 14.04 LTS flavor support in Launchpad: Edubuntu, Kubuntu, Kylin => 5 years and GNOME, Xubuntu, Mythbuntu and Studio => 3 years

 21:15 * meetingology infinity to mark 14.04 LTS flavor support in Launchpad: Edubuntu, Kubuntu, Kylin => 5 years and GNOME, Xubuntu, Mythbuntu and Studio => 3 years

 21:15 <slangasek> there, it'll be in the meeting notes too

 21:15 <mdeslaur> I gather we're all in agreement about those?

 21:16 <stgraber> hmm, did I miss an e-mail from Lubuntu or did they not answer wrt LTS status?

 21:16 <infinity> I have no objections, after the back-and-forth that was had about XFCE support seemed to come to a reasonable conclusion.

 21:16 <slangasek> yes, I'm +1 for all of the above

 21:16 <mdeslaur> +1 from me also

 21:17 <gilir> stgraber, Lubuntu answered on tb mailing list :-)

 21:18 <stgraber> gilir: oh yeah, sorry, just found it.

 21:18 <stgraber> so Lubuntu 3 years

 21:18 <infinity> Ahh, indeed.

 21:18 <infinity> +1 to that too.

 21:18 <stgraber> +1

 21:18 <infinity> Does that actually make all the flavours LTS this round?

 21:18 <stgraber> so that's kind of nice, we have all flavours participating in the LTS this time around

 21:18 <mdeslaur> \o/

 21:19 <infinity> Alright, we should probably commit that to LP this week, so the Final Beta is showing the right support lengths.

 21:20 <infinity> Since everything currently says 9m across the board.

 21:21 <mdeslaur> Does anyone have any other items they would like to discuss?

 21:21 <stgraber> nothing here

 21:21 <slangasek> not me

 21:21 <infinity> Nein.

 21:21 <mdeslaur> ok, moving on

 21:21 <mdeslaur> #topic Check up on community bugs

 21:22 <mdeslaur> no open bugs

 21:22 <mdeslaur> #topic Select a chair for the next meeting

 21:22 <mdeslaur> next in the list is sabdfl

 21:22 <infinity> s/sabdfl/pitti/ I'd assume.

 21:23 <mdeslaur> pitti: tag, you're it

 21:23 <mdeslaur> and...we're done!

 21:23 <mdeslaur> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)