== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 03 Mar at 21:01 &mdash; 21:05 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2014/ubuntu-meeting.2014-03-03-21.01.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * kees (12)
 * mdeslaur (5)
 * stgraber (3)
 * meetingology (3)



== Full Log ==


 21:01 <kees> #startmeeting

 21:01 <meetingology> Meeting started Mon Mar  3 21:01:32 2014 UTC.  The chair is kees. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 21:01 <meetingology> 

 21:01 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 21:01 <kees> so, uhm, just the 3 of us... do we want to go through the agenda anyway? Looks like it hasn't been updated.

 21:02 <mdeslaur> not sure we really have anything to discuss

 21:02 <kees> yeah, me either.

 21:02 <kees> mysql MRE, maybe?

 21:02 <stgraber> we probably ought to vote on the new LTS flavours though if we don't have quorum, that's not terribly useful

 21:03 <stgraber> and I'd be happy to do it on the list

 21:03 <kees> yeah, that should be on list.

 21:03 <mdeslaur> looks like mysql MRE had enough votes on the list to approve it

 21:03 <kees> yeah, just noticed that now.

 21:03 <kees> shortest meeting evar!

 21:03 <mdeslaur> hehe

 21:03 <stgraber> yeah, we just need a single +1 for a MRE, so someone just needs to put it on the wiki (either as full MRE or just provisional, whatever seems approperiate)

 21:03 <kees> no community bugs open.

 21:04 <mdeslaur> FYI, I fully agree with the mysql MRE

 21:04 <kees> yeah, me too.

 21:04 <kees> ok. mdeslaur I think you're next to chair?

 21:05 <mdeslaur> fine with me

 21:05 <kees> excellent. thanks you guys. :)

 21:05 <kees> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)