== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting: Foundations team meeting, 14 Aug at 15:02 &mdash; 15:19 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2014/ubuntu-meeting.2014-08-14-15.02.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Round table ===
The discussion about "Round table" started at 15:02.


=== AOB ===
The discussion about "AOB" started at 15:17.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * stgraber (26)
 * sil2100 (23)
 * bdmurray (22)
 * jodh (15)
 * bhuey (14)
 * infinity (10)
 * doko (8)
 * ubottu (5)
 * meetingology (3)



== Full Log ==


 15:02 <stgraber> #startmeeting Foundations team meeting

 15:02 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Aug 14 15:02:49 2014 UTC.  The chair is stgraber. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 15:02 <meetingology> 

 15:02 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 15:02 <stgraber> #topic Round table

 15:03 <stgraber> stgraber@shell01:~$ echo $(shuf -e barry doko stgraber jodh bdmurray slangasek cjwatson caribou infinity mvo bhuey sil2100 robru)

 15:03 <stgraber> mvo bhuey sil2100 doko cjwatson slangasek jodh bdmurray infinity stgraber caribou robru barry

 15:03 <doko> mvo -> vacation

 15:03 <stgraber> bhuey then

 15:03 <bhuey> stgraber: give me a bit more time please

 15:03 <stgraber> ok, sil2100 then

 15:04 <sil2100> o/

 15:04 <sil2100> - Review branches for ubuntu-keyboard in Bill's absence

 15:04 <sil2100> * Enhancements to word propositions visuals

 15:04 <sil2100> * Packaging changes branch

 15:04 <sil2100> - Documenting the recent TRAINCON-0 incident

 15:04 <sil2100> - More tweaking of the new TRAINCON-0 rules proposition

 15:04 <sil2100> - Landing team work, landing e-mails, landing coordination - standard stuff

 15:04 <sil2100> - Patch pilot duty:

 15:04 <sil2100> * Examined the iperf no-max-cpu merge - commented and closed as the fix for that has been synced from Debian already

 15:04 <sil2100> * Reviewed and uploaded new rp-pppoe upstream version

 15:04 <sil2100> * Browsing through the sponsoring queue

 15:04 <sil2100> - Driving first real ubuntu-rtm landing (Unity8)

 15:04 <sil2100> - CI Train maintenance and features:

 15:04 <sil2100> * Removing all dogfood workarounds for RTM

 15:04 <sil2100> * Changing copy2distro to work properly for both ubuntu-rtm and ubuntu on main LP

 15:04 <sil2100> * Preparing spreadsheet-side changes for RTM support

 15:04 <sil2100> * Add tested-image information to the Testing done cell in the spreadsheet

 15:04 <sil2100> * Improvements to the issue tracker backend

 15:04 <sil2100> * Make that by default only the brief part of the commit message is used for changelog

 15:04 <sil2100> - Some minor work on the old CI Train bot

 15:04 <sil2100> (done)

 15:06 <sil2100> doko: your turn :)

 15:06 <doko> - two more days of merges

 15:06 <doko> - some more transitions done, fixing ftbfs

 15:06 <doko> - working on the aarch64 multilib toolchain, now first set of packages available for a manual build on the buildds

 15:06 <doko> - prepare for upcoming sprints and conferences

 15:06 <doko> - update the cross compiler defaults

 15:06 <doko> - some llvm progress

 15:06 <doko> (done)

 15:06 <jodh> * upstart

 15:06 <jodh> - Raised MP and fix to really disable set-env et al for system jobs:

 15:07 <jodh> https://code.launchpad.net/~jamesodhunt/upstart/bug-1356824/+merge/230777

 15:07 <jodh> - Raised MP to remove debug calls when using cgroups in debug mode:

 15:07 <jodh> https://code.launchpad.net/~jamesodhunt/upstart/make-cgroups-quiet-in-debug-mode/+merge/230762

 15:07 <jodh> * system image for ubuntu-core

 15:07 <jodh> - Updates to lp:~ubuntu-foundations-team/+junk/create-ubuntu-core-image.

 15:07 <jodh> Most interestingly, discovered "secret" option to kpartx that was not

 15:07 <jodh> documented, so raised MP to get that rectified:

 15:07 <jodh> https://code.launchpad.net/~jamesodhunt/ubuntu/utopic/multipath-tools/document-sync-option/+merge/230648

 15:07 <jodh> - Working on making rootfs read-only.

 15:07 <jodh> * misc:

 15:07 <jodh> - Phone testing.

 15:07 <jodh> - Short week as out Wed-Fri last week and Monday this week.

 15:07 <jodh> ❡

 15:07 <bdmurray> rewrote errors frontends to allow for selection of rootfs build or device image

 15:07 <bdmurray> submitted RT 74003 to have errors.staging updated

 15:07 <bdmurray> tested deployment of rootfs build / device image selection on errors.staging

 15:07 <bdmurray> had new version of errors deployed to errors.ubuntu.com

 15:07 <bdmurray> fixed rootfs_build and device_image url parameters

 15:07 <bdmurray> updated errors (r499) to include manage-stale-min.js needed for the assets build process

 15:07 <bdmurray> email to ubuntu-phone mailing list regarding error tracker changes

 15:08 <bdmurray> committed fix for errors bug 1329820 regarding armhf retracing stats

 15:08 <bdmurray> investigation into retracer failures

 15:08 <ubottu> bug 1329820 in Errors "no armhf data in retracers-average-processing-time" [High,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1329820

 15:08 <bdmurray> updated apport bug 1352591 with another way for the sandbox to be out of date

 15:08 <ubottu> bug 1352591 in apport (Ubuntu) "apport-retrace does not update libraries or executable in a sandbox" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1352591

 15:08 <bdmurray> reported apport bug 1354571 regarding apport discarding gdb warnings

 15:08 <bdmurray> found a retracer failure due to out of date Contents.gz

 15:08 <bdmurray> added a cronjob for the daisy retracers to remove .crash files from /srv/daisy.ubuntu.com/var/ weekly

 15:08 <ubottu> bug 1354571 in apport (Ubuntu) "apport-retrace ignores warnings from gdb" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1354571

 15:08 <bdmurray> SRU team work

 15:08 <bdmurray> searched for and reviewed LTS upgrade issues

 15:08 <bdmurray> release upgrader bug triage

 15:08 <bdmurray> updated metarelease files for 14.04.1 and adding 14.04 to meta-release-lts

 15:08 <bdmurray> submitted apport bug 1355358 regarding apport running constantly

 15:08 <ubottu> bug 1355358 in apport (Ubuntu) "apport running constantly for a buggy application" [High,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1355358

 15:08 <bdmurray> reported apport bug 135546 regarding premature uploads

 15:08 <bdmurray> ✔ done

 15:08 <ubottu> bug 135546 in flwm (Ubuntu) "[FTBFS] flwm because of missing libxext-dev" [Undecided,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/135546

 15:08 <bdmurray> review of nautilus stopped phased update (overrode errors)

 15:08 <bdmurray> well that's a typo I guess ;-)

 15:09 <infinity> * Kernel SRU mangling

 15:09 <infinity> * Emergency kernel security babysitting

 15:09 <infinity> * Redoing the VMs for ppc64el buildds and setting up new VMs for powerpc

 15:09 <infinity> * Updating firmware on a range of P7 and P8 hosts

 15:09 <infinity> * Getting started on CI train training (yo dawg, ...)

 15:09 <infinity> * Misc SRU and AA things

 15:09 <infinity> * Looking into finally moving arm64 buildds to distro kernels

 15:09 <infinity> [...]

 15:09 <infinity> Oh, and I forgot about crazy hilarious badness in reopening saucy to let an apt SRU in. :P

 15:09 <infinity> (And closing it again)

 15:10 <bhuey> Last week

 15:10 <bhuey> -investigate and discuss a list of regressions with 7u65-2.5.1 for precise and trusty

 15:10 <bhuey> -post list of regressions from the build tests

 15:10 <bhuey> -work on testing locale related regressions with the security team

 15:10 <bhuey> -TCK related configurations, unapcked files and created the basic directory structure for those tests

 15:10 <bhuey> -two day vacation in Vegas, DefCon 22

 15:10 <bhuey> -experiment with locales within precise

 15:10 <bhuey> -look at the internal contents of all of the regression tests

 15:10 <bhuey> This week

 15:10 <bhuey> -attempt to understand the layout of testing during the build

 15:10 <bhuey> -figure out how manually invoke the jtreg.jar test suite manually outside of the build attempt

 15:10 <bhuey> done

 15:10 <bhuey> ...

 15:11 <stgraber> 12.04.5 release last week and some follow-up actions.

 15:11 <stgraber> LXC code reviews, CI fixes and preparation for the release of alpha-2 and 1.0.6.

 15:11 <stgraber> Reworking my Internet simulator to be in a releaseable state by next week.

 15:11 <stgraber> Follow-up on some needed kernel patches.

 15:11 <stgraber> Preparing my LinuxCon North America talk on simulating the internet with LXC.

 15:11 <stgraber> Preparing a Linux Security Summit talk on userns and GUi applications with LXC.

 15:11 <stgraber> Preparing the Containers hackfest at LinuxCon North America.

 15:11 <stgraber> Preparing the Containers mini-summit at Linux Plumbers 2014.

 15:11 <stgraber> Sorted out accomodation and stuff for my LinuxCon Europe talk on LXC and system containers.

 15:11 <stgraber> 

 15:11 <stgraber> Next week, Serge and I will be in Chicago for LinuxCon North America, Linux

 15:11 <stgraber> Security Summit and a Containers hackfest that we're organizing with the Linux

 15:11 <stgraber> Foundation. As a result, I'm mostly unavailable this week preparing and will be

 15:11 <stgraber> offline or unavailable a good chunk of next week, so if there's anything you

 15:11 <stgraber> need me to do during that time, please get in touch ASAP!

 15:11 <stgraber> (DONE)

 15:14 <stgraber> robru: around?

 15:17 <sil2100> He might have not woken up on time

 15:17 <stgraber> ok, so I guess we're done

 15:17 <stgraber> #topic AOB

 15:19 <stgraber> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)