== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 20 Feb at 16:02 &mdash; 16:38 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2014/ubuntu-meeting.2014-02-20-16.02.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning round ===
The discussion about "Lightning round" started at 16:02.


=== FeatureFreeze ===
The discussion about "FeatureFreeze" started at 16:26.


=== UDS ===
The discussion about "UDS" started at 16:32.


=== AOB ===
The discussion about "AOB" started at 16:34.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * slangasek (44)
 * xnox (32)
 * bdmurray (23)
 * stgraber (18)
 * jodh (16)
 * barry (14)
 * cjwatson (11)
 * doko (5)
 * ubottu (4)
 * meetingology (3)
 * caribou (3)



== Full Log ==


 16:02 <slangasek> #startmeeting

 16:02 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Feb 20 16:02:02 2014 UTC.  The chair is slangasek. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:02 <meetingology> 

 16:02 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 16:02 <slangasek> [TOPIC] Lightning round

 16:02 <slangasek> $ echo $(shuf -e barry doko stgraber jodh bdmurray slangasek cjwatson xnox stokachu)

 16:02 <slangasek> doko stokachu cjwatson jodh bdmurray barry xnox slangasek stgraber

 16:03 <slangasek> doko: here?

 16:04 <doko> - working on python 3.4 as the default updates. still a few issues, pending pack

 16:04 <doko> ages are: pystache, pyside. pytbles, aptdaemon, system-image

 16:04 <doko> - transitions ...

 16:04 <doko> - toolchain update

 16:04 <doko> (done)

 16:04 <caribou> slangasek: s/stokachu/caribou/

 16:07 <stgraber> caribou: your turn then :)

 16:08 <caribou> nothing particular on our side

 16:09 <cjwatson> Finished first pass at HTTPS support in d-i (included giant base-installer merge which took a while).  Awaiting CTS feedback before backporting to precise.

 16:09 <cjwatson> Spent most of the week in a cave hacking on libclick.  I now have over 4000 lines of C code, though a lot of it's quite formulaic translation work; should be within a week of landing this.  See FFe bug 1282311.

 16:09 <ubottu> bug 1282311 in click (Ubuntu) "[FFe] libclick" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1282311

 16:09 <cjwatson> Went through Debian auto-sync dry-run report looking for easy and reasonably safe bug-fix syncs.  Found nearly 100.

 16:09 <cjwatson> Continued Debian TC discussions.

 16:09 <cjwatson> ..

 16:09 <jodh> * core-1311-cgroup-manager:

 16:09 <jodh> - upstart: async tests have identified a state machine bug in the async

 16:09 <jodh> branch which I'm currently investigating.

 16:10 <jodh> * UDS

 16:10 <jodh> - Raised blueprints:

 16:10 <jodh> - https://blueprints.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+spec/core-1403-systemd-transition

 16:10 <jodh> - https://blueprints.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+spec/core-1403-session-init-systemd-migration

 16:10 <jodh> * boot:

 16:10 * slangasek pokes the network

 16:10 <jodh> - Merged lp:~cameronnemo/upstart/ipv6.

 16:10 <slangasek> so, how much of anything made it through before my network collapsed on me?

 16:10 <jodh> - Created basic https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SystemdForUpstartUsers page.

 16:10 <jodh> փ

 16:10 <stgraber> slangasek: 16:03 < slangasek> doko: here?

 16:10 <stgraber> slangasek: I'll paste you the log

 16:10 <slangasek> heh :)

 16:10 <bdmurray> slangasek: nothing really

 16:10 <slangasek> stgraber: nah, I'll grab it from irclogs.u.c

 16:10 <stgraber> slangasek: ok

 16:11 <bdmurray> tested issue with retracers and a core dump that retraced well for me but not in canonistack (precise version of gdb)

 16:11 <bdmurray> research into failed to retrace bugs for seb128

 16:11 <bdmurray> created a duplicate signature for kerneloops reports using linux package hook

 16:11 <bdmurray> worked with ogasawara regarding oopstext and dupe signatures

 16:11 <bdmurray> uploaded apport with dupesig changes to trusty

 16:11 <bdmurray> updated apport to include package version in Package section of kerneloops crashes

 16:11 <bdmurray> uploaded kerneloops enabled package to trusty

 16:11 <bdmurray> emailed ubuntu-quality regarding kerneloops

 16:11 <bdmurray> investigation into carriage return in errors buckets and querying of cassandra issue

 16:11 <bdmurray> changed apport not to use a line feed in the duplicate signature for kerneloops'es

 16:11 <bdmurray> fixed errors issue with characters in bucket ids pertinent to kerneloops reports

 16:11 <bdmurray> research into package rate of crash changes for the phased-updater

 16:11 <bdmurray> package rate of crashes work (setup test queries using cassandra.py)

 16:11 <bdmurray> updated new and eol release tasks with error tracker information

 16:11 <bdmurray> submitted a merge proposal for aptdaemon bug 1266844

 16:11 <bdmurray> uploaded a fix for usb-creator bug 1259111

 16:11 <ubottu> bug 1266844 in aptdaemon (Ubuntu) "crash in gtk3widgets.py: AttributeError: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'append'" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1266844

 16:11 <bdmurray> merge proposal to fix unattended-upgrades reboot dry-run bug

 16:11 <ubottu> bug 1259111 in usb-creator (Ubuntu) "/usr/bin/usb-creator-gtk:UnboundLocalError:<lambda>:_device_changed:_udisks_obj_added:_udisks_partition_added" [High,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1259111

 16:11 <bdmurray> patch pilot

 16:11 <bdmurray> +1 maintenance

 16:11 <bdmurray> SRU admin work with carges

 16:12 <bdmurray> google hangout with server team manager regarding bug reports

 16:12 <bdmurray> ⌁ done

 16:12 <barry> system-image: LP: #1277589.  much testing, probably have a good fix in lieu of u-d-m patches.  struggling to get successful ppa build.  test suite problems with dbus-daemon that aren't evident in local sbuilds - trying again on devirt ppa, and if that doesn't work, i can sleep(2) my way around it i think.  update: looks like devirt doesn't help. :(  time 2 sleep, er. time.sleep(2)

 16:12 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1277589 in ubuntu-download-manager "Better protection against concurrent access" [Critical,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1277589

 16:12 <barry> ubu/deb: enum34 0.9.23-1

 16:12 <barry> python: issue 20687 (expectedFailure regression affecting autopilot)

 16:12 <barry> later today: hangout chat about py3 autopilot

 16:12 <barry> done

 16:13 <xnox> * assisting ci with queries about emulator (ci has work in progress to

 16:13 <xnox> drive emulator cloud instances to execute all tests and aggregate

 16:13 <xnox> results)

 16:13 <xnox> * ongoing discussions about autpilot python3 migration:

 16:13 <xnox> - write up of the plan at

 16:13 <xnox> https://blueprints.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+spec/core-1311-python3-roadmap

 16:13 <xnox> - follow up chat between autopilot, qa, and foundations later today

 16:13 <xnox> * frantically doing last-minute merges pre-FF + forwaring things to

 16:13 <xnox> debian as applicable. And patch-piloting interesting fixes.

 16:13 <xnox> * completed all dmraid2mdadm patches, did not resolve migration path

 16:13 <xnox> for existing dmraid installation - requested feedback on

 16:13 <xnox> ubuntu-devel about it.

 16:13 <xnox> * fixing up artwork in a few places for 14.04:

 16:13 <xnox> - lightdm logo (now dynamically generated)

 16:13 <xnox> - updated d-i logo (no more vintage)

 16:13 <xnox> - plymouth logo update pending design review (circle of friends must

 16:13 <xnox> be orange, not aubergine)

 16:13 <xnox> * looking into reported boost test-suite failures, whilst it's

 16:13 <xnox> interesting to see how broken the test-suites are, some of these

 16:13 <cjwatson> jodh: I made core-1403-session-init-systemd-migration depend on core-1403-systemd-transition, since systemd's session supervision support requires that systemd is pid 1

 16:13 <xnox> problems are upstream and not distribution/specific.

 16:13 <xnox> * Working on testing grub-installer, to always honor the preseed

 16:13 <xnox> target device for grub installation. Will upload soon.

 16:13 <xnox> ..

 16:15 <jodh> cjwatson: thanks. core-1403-session-init-systemd-migration is arguably misnamed though iff we can find a way to emulate the events that the Session Init currently gets via the upstart-event-bridge.

 16:15 <jodh> cjwatson: if that were possible, there would be no dependency.

 16:15 <cjwatson> jodh: well, there's a bidirectional dependency that might be broken one way

 16:15 <jodh> cjwatson: but clearly they are related, so I guess it makes sense for now :)

 16:16 <cjwatson> jodh: but if we wanted to use systemd as the session init as well, then there is a dependency there

 16:16 <jodh> cjwatson: ack

 16:16 <cjwatson> i.e. your c)

 16:16 <cjwatson> anyway, feel free to remove the dep if you feel appropriate, I just wanted a link to exist :)

 16:16 <jodh> cjwatson: agreed

 16:17 <slangasek> barry: do you want any more eyeballs on the system-image ppa build problem today?

 16:18 <barry> slangasek: yes, please!  it would be nice to have a proper build and not depend on ugly sleeps

 16:18 <slangasek> barry: ok, link me after the meeting please :)

 16:19 <barry> slangasek: will do

 16:19 <slangasek> barry, xnox: should I sit in on the python3 autopilot hangout later?

 16:19 <barry> slangasek: sure

 16:19 <slangasek> * job description handed over to HR for the Java role

 16:19 <slangasek> * heavily focused on customer-facing work this week

 16:19 <slangasek> (done)

 16:19 <slangasek> ^^ if you know any java people, send 'em my way :)

 16:19 <stgraber> LXC:

 16:19 <stgraber> - Released rc1, rc2, rc3 and rc4.

 16:19 <stgraber> - Prepared the release announcements, website update, ... for the final release later today.

 16:19 <stgraber> - Switched the LXC daily PPA to building with cgmanager by default.

 16:19 <stgraber> - Got all the tests passing both with and without cgmanager (found a couple of interesting issues in the process).

 16:19 <stgraber> - Finished my blog post series on LXC 1.0 just in time for release.

 16:20 <stgraber> - Fixed a ton of coverity reported issues and a few other bugs.

 16:20 <stgraber> - Code reviews and testing of last minute changes.

 16:20 <stgraber> CGManager:

 16:20 <stgraber> - Tested cgmanager on all supported releases and now happily using it on precise!

 16:20 <stgraber> - Started working on patches to our logind so it can use cgmanager and skip cgroupfs entirely.

 16:20 <stgraber> Other:

 16:20 <stgraber> - Fixed a couple of issues with shadow and user namespaces (don't give uid/gid ranges to system users and give 65536 uids by default to others).

 16:20 <stgraber> (DONE)

 16:21 <xnox> slangasek: if you have time, it might be interesting =) as some of us have conflicting opinions of what autopilot is and what's the long term future for python2-autopilot is.

 16:22 <slangasek> xnox, barry: the whiteboard on https://blueprints.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+spec/core-1311-python3-roadmap is a good starting point, but maybe it would help to have a wiki page writeup that goes into more detail, before the meeting, to explain how the outlined steps get us to where we want to be

 16:23 <slangasek> any questions over status above?

 16:24 <slangasek> caribou: sorry, irclogs.u.c is unhelpfully not refreshing for me, so I don't see if you had a chance to talk during the lightning round

 16:24 <caribou> slangasek: yes I did, nothing particular at this time

 16:24 <slangasek> ok

 16:24 <barry> slangasek, cjwatson well, maybe the devirt ppa *did* work: https://launchpad.net/~barry/+archive/systemimage/+build/5621116

 16:25 <slangasek> barry: ... "fun" :)

 16:25 <slangasek> why do you people keep writing software that's sensitive to the differences between our different ppas, sheesh :)

 16:25 <barry> slangasek: there are still a few dbus errors in the output, but these ones don't affect test suite.  shall we declare victory and move on? :)

 16:25 <slangasek> barry: yes

 16:26 <xnox> barry: you can do binary copy into the archive from de-virt ppa without recompilation =)

 16:26 <slangasek> [TOPIC] FeatureFreeze

 16:26 <cjwatson> barry: random guesses 'r' us.  let's hope it isn't racy though

 16:26 <slangasek> speaking of moving on

 16:26 <slangasek> xnox: :P

 16:26 <barry> cjwatson: i'm very good at hitting "retry" :)

 16:26 <slangasek> I don't think there was any pre-announcement of it this time around, but lo, today is the feature freeze for trusty

 16:26 <xnox> slangasek: i have a few packages that do [ -e /CurrentlyBuilding ] &&

 16:26 <slangasek> so, y'know, adjust your uploading accordingly

 16:27 <xnox> slangasek: so what's the qt5.2 status w.r.t. FF then?

 16:27 <barry> xnox: that's the thing. it *only* fails on the virt ppas

 16:27 <slangasek> a very good question

 16:27 * barry blames hardy

 16:28 <slangasek> there are certainly a number of packages that we're looking for standing FFes for wrt the phone

 16:28 <slangasek> I think we still need to get qt5.2 in... but it's obviously not made it in before the FF

 16:29 <slangasek> I'll be checking with ScottK to understand how this impacts the non-phone

 16:29 <xnox> barry: re-autopilot a list of all affected packages/branches would be good: e.g. emulators and clicks.

 16:29 <xnox> slangasek: right, there are very little Qt5 !touch packages in the archive.

 16:30 <barry> xnox: i had that once, before the london rain washed it all away.  will try to resurrect it

 16:30 <slangasek> xnox: any chance you can tell at a glance which ones are !touch?  I couldn't work it out from the names alone

 16:30 <xnox> slangasek: however, KDE Framework5 is planned to be released shortly after 14.04 and it is expected that kubuntu will want to provide 5.2 based framework5 via blessed kubuntu PPAs.

 16:31 <xnox> slangasek: i'll do that quickly.

 16:31 <slangasek> xnox: ok, so it's to their advantage to have 5.2 in and stable for 14.04, and it won't (in theory) disrupt anything they're currently working on

 16:31 <xnox> slangasek: correct.

 16:32 <slangasek> good to hear - we'll still want to confirm that with the kubuntu team directly, but at least it sounds like we have a way forward in spite of the late landing

 16:32 <slangasek> [TOPIC] UDS

 16:32 <slangasek> UDS is only 3 weeks away

 16:33 <slangasek> while it's ok to not have a lot of new discussion sessions mid-cycle - I'm sure we all have plenty of work items still from the blueprints at last UDS - if you *do* have topics you think we need to discuss, please get the blueprints registered this week

 16:34 <slangasek> [TOPIC] AOB

 16:34 <slangasek> anything else?

 16:36 <slangasek> fwiw, see your email regarding an upcoming sprint that's being planned

 16:36 <slangasek> the dates are a bit awkward for those in the US/UK

 16:37 <slangasek> any questions, you can grab me on mumble or IRC :)

 16:38 <slangasek> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)