== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting: Ubuntu Forums Council Meeting, 02 Mar at 20:03 &mdash; 20:31 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2014/ubuntu-meeting.2014-03-02-20.03.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

===  ===
The discussion about "" started at 20:07.


=== Moderator Nominations ===
The discussion about "Moderator Nominations" started at 20:14.


=== Division of labour ===
The discussion about "Division of labour" started at 20:23.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * s-fox (62)
 * elfy (34)
 * caboose885 (14)
 * Iowan (10)
 * howefield (7)
 * meetingology (5)
 * cariboo907 (2)
 * Irihapeti (2)
 * QIII (1)
 * coffeecat (1)



== Full Log ==


 20:03 <s-fox> #startmeeting Ubuntu Forums Council Meeting

 20:03 <meetingology> Meeting started Sun Mar  2 20:03:47 2014 UTC.  The chair is s-fox. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 20:03 <meetingology> 

 20:03 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 20:04 <s-fox> #voters s-fox elfy cariboo907 coffeecat elfy howefield

 20:04 <meetingology> Current voters: cariboo907 coffeecat elfy howefield s-fox

 20:04 <Iowan> o/

 20:04 <s-fox> #voters Iowan

 20:04 <meetingology> Current voters: Iowan cariboo907 coffeecat elfy howefield s-fox

 20:04 <s-fox> :D

 20:04 <s-fox> sorry Iowan

 20:05 <Iowan> That happens when I sit in the back...

 20:05 <elfy> happens when I sit in the front ...

 20:05 <s-fox> Right, we currently have an empty agenda so i guess just a bit of feedback really.  But before that i wanted to know if anyone here has anything they want to bring up

 20:06 <elfy> agenda isn't empty

 20:06 <elfy> it's got caboose885 on it ...

 20:06 <howefield> hmm

 20:06 <s-fox> That is old?

 20:06 <Iowan> "last" meeting...

 20:06 <caboose885> I missed the last one...so elfy told me to roll it over to this one

 20:06 <s-fox> Ah, okay :)

 20:06 <elfy> no that is left from the last meeting(s) when there won't enough of us here

 20:06 <s-fox> caboose885,  go for it

 20:07 <s-fox> #topic

 20:07 <s-fox> Followup report to the UA team revision

 20:07 <caboose885> Well, I have been working on the UA team. Currently I have 9 active members. I actually have a few more people that are eager to join but they don't meet the requirements yet

 20:07 <caboose885> Hopefully in the next couple months we can bring them on

 20:08 <Iowan> What are membership requirements?

 20:08 <caboose885> 6 months active on the forums

 20:08 <s-fox> I was just wondering how you are going about getting in contact with people, or are they coming to you?

 20:09 <caboose885> At first I was reaching out to people but lately I've had a couple come to me

 20:09 <elfy> good

 20:09 <caboose885> I'm not sure if its members spreading the word or how they are learning about the team

 20:10 <caboose885> I never really asked them how they heard about the team

 20:10 <elfy> it might be worth doing that

 20:10 <caboose885> I will make sure to ask next time

 20:11 <caboose885> So, the team is slowly getting started. Still need more members but at least we have a small team working on reducing unanswered posts left on the forums

 20:11 <elfy> caboose885: nothing to stop you asking those you've got :)

 20:11 <s-fox> That sounds great caboose885 ,  I know it can be hard getting movement :)

 20:11 <caboose885> I think I estimated the team a bit too small. I think I will need more than 15 members but i will take what I can get

 20:11 <s-fox> agreed elfy

 20:12 <elfy> caboose885: yep - though I'd say it's best to start with a compact team

 20:12 <caboose885> agreed, with growing pains and figuring a  good system out and all

 20:12 <caboose885> that is all from me unless you guys have more to ask

 20:12 <s-fox> Okay, anything else you want to add caboose885 , or can we move on? (not that i am trying to change topic)

 20:13 <elfy> caboose885: thanks for the time you're putting in to it

 20:13 <s-fox> Nothing more from me except i am glad it is slowly coming together and a big thank you

 20:13 <s-fox> :)

 20:13 <caboose885> you can move on s-fox. I am done :)

 20:13 <caboose885> Thanks for everyones help and support

 20:13 <howefield> thanks caboose885

 20:14 <s-fox> Okay moving on...

 20:14 <s-fox> #topic Moderator Nominations

 20:15 <s-fox> We have been trying quite hard to become more democratic with the way in which moderators (and admins) will be chosen on the forums

 20:15 <s-fox> It has been difficult to find a way to implement, but we getting there.

 20:15 <s-fox> We have recently come up with this outline: https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ForumCouncil/TeamNomination

 20:16 <s-fox> It is still a work in progress that needs the Community Council to agree on (we have 3/7 officially at this time)

 20:16 <s-fox> I guess we are looking for general feedback from an outsiders point of view, as well as just letting you know what is coming

 20:17 <s-fox> I think that is about it, unless any of the other FC members have anything to add.

 20:17 <elfy> not to that

 20:17 <Iowan> nothing here

 20:17 <s-fox> Also big thank you to those that drafted it and did the organisation on launchpad , and going over the vote script :)

 20:18 <cariboo907> you've summed it up pretty good s-fox

 20:18 <elfy> that's still needing some work

 20:18 <elfy> but we've time

 20:18 <howefield> how do we want general feedback, a thread in the forums ?

 20:19 <s-fox> By nature we are forum based, so i think that would be a good idea

 20:19 <elfy> howefield: I've posted one - will post a general forum thread later

 20:19 <s-fox> Thank you elfy :)

 20:19 <howefield> thanks

 20:19 <elfy> let's get feedback from those affected first

 20:19 <s-fox> I want to be quick to add i am not expecting a flood of feedback *right now this instant*

 20:19 <elfy> it can go in the general forum once we're sure of what we are going to do - rather than draft

 20:20 <s-fox> Agreed elfy , i wish to wait until we have a majority from the CC

 20:20 <elfy> I'm not sure that the moderator nomination is of concern

 20:21 <elfy> ok - think move onto fixed items now

 20:21 <s-fox> I wouldn't want to guess the concerns of others. ;)

 20:22 * elfy neither

 20:22 <s-fox> Okay,   but before that does anyone have anything that they want to bring up that isn't on the agenda for whatever reason :)

 20:22 <elfy> other than it has been the province of the FC up till now

 20:22 <s-fox> I guess nobody has anything.

 20:22 <s-fox> Next topic

 20:22 <elfy> s-fox: that's what we put AOB on the agenda for I thought :)

 20:23 <s-fox> #topic Division of labour

 20:23 <s-fox> Alright, who wants to do what?

 20:23 <cariboo907> who did what last time? :)

 20:23 <elfy> sef does

 20:23 <s-fox> very funny :)

 20:24 <elfy> not sure what there is on the list anymore tbh - some are long gone now

 20:24 <howefield> I'm not fussy, what does nobody like doing :)

 20:24 <Iowan> I *think* I did the report lasttime.

 20:24 <s-fox> Okay, well there is the team report

 20:24 <s-fox> i think i fixed it the other month, but that might have been elfy

 20:24 <Iowan> Then there's the ML

 20:24 <s-fox> hmm

 20:25 <elfy> team report should be done regardless of there being a meeting

 20:25 <s-fox> elfy,  +1

 20:25 <elfy> Iowan: ML is whoever sees it first and approves the post

 20:25 <s-fox> I think the ml is being looked after generally by a few people though

 20:25 <Iowan> Similar to Res centre...

 20:25 <s-fox> to me that is a good thing

 20:26 <elfy> we changed that at the same time as sending replies to the join notice to dev/null

 20:26 <s-fox> i only think we had it that way to ensure someone looks at it. i think we are better than we used to be

 20:26 <s-fox> i don't mind doing the report

 20:26 <elfy> I think the only thing that needs to be rotated is the report

 20:26 <Iowan> No new members to add :(

 20:27 <s-fox> i haven't done the report for a while, i'll do it tomorrow at some point

 20:27 <elfy> Iowan: not at present - though we actually do those when they get majority

 20:27 <elfy> shouldn't be on Agenda

 20:27 <s-fox> oh, does anyone know when the next announcement bot post is due?

 20:27 <s-fox> that needs checking

 20:28 <s-fox> hopefully it is fixed :)

 20:28 <elfy> no - but I'm subscribed to a couple of -announce m/l's

 20:28 <s-fox> pity we can't fake an announcement to test it

 20:28 <s-fox> or can we?

 20:28 <elfy> no

 20:28 <s-fox> shame

 20:29 <elfy> IS are waiting for one to appear same as us :)

 20:29 <s-fox> Oh yes, while i remember. Thank you to IS for sorting out those tickets i created last week :)

 20:29 <elfy> so all in agreement - QIII can do that?

 20:29 <s-fox> yes

 20:29 <s-fox> agreed

 20:29 <howefield> approved

 20:29 <Iowan> +1

 20:30 <s-fox> +!

 20:30 <coffeecat> +1

 20:30 <elfy> ok - seems like a wrap then

 20:30 <QIII> can we review what the payment rate is for that?

 20:30 <elfy> same as previous

 20:30 <s-fox> Also, thank you to you all for being active in the running of the forums. to me it feels we are much more organised / active than we have been for a long time :)

 20:30 <Irihapeti> I don't do anything much...

 20:30 * s-fox fires Irihapeti

 20:31 <howefield> thanks s-fox et all, and good night :)

 20:31 <Irihapeti> TY

 20:31 <s-fox> :D

 20:31 <s-fox> good night howefield

 20:31 <s-fox> i think that is it

 20:31 <s-fox> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)