== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 04 Dec at 16:03 &mdash; 16:23 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2014/ubuntu-meeting.2014-12-04-16.03.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning round ===
The discussion about "Lightning round" started at 16:04.


=== AOB ===
The discussion about "AOB" started at 16:20.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * stgraber (32)
 * slangasek (31)
 * sil2100 (21)
 * bdmurray (19)
 * cjwatson (19)
 * robru (15)
 * doko (9)
 * infinity (7)
 * ubottu (6)
 * barry (6)
 * caribou (5)
 * mvo (4)
 * meetingology (3)
 * jodh_ (2)



== Full Log ==


 16:03 <slangasek> #startmeeting

 16:03 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Dec  4 16:03:55 2014 UTC.  The chair is slangasek. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:03 <meetingology> 

 16:03 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 16:04 <slangasek> [TOPIC] Lightning round

 16:04 <slangasek> $ echo $(shuf -e barry doko stgraber jodh bdmurray slangasek cjwatson caribou infinity mvo sil2100 robru)

 16:04 <slangasek> robru caribou infinity bdmurray cjwatson slangasek sil2100 jodh barry mvo doko stgraber

 16:04 <slangasek> robru: tag!

 16:04 <sil2100> robru won!

 16:05 <robru> burp

 16:05 <robru> gimme a sec

 16:06 <slangasek> robru: should we come back to you?

 16:06 <robru> no

 16:06 <robru> * New CI Train Publish job

 16:06 <robru> - half as long as previous job

 16:06 <robru> - test coverage improved from 34% to 100% (bringing overall coverage up to 60%)

 16:06 <robru> - average function length down from 200 lines to 15 lines

 16:06 <robru> - average function arguments count down from 12 to 2

 16:06 <robru> - massive improvement in readability, maintainability, testability

 16:06 <robru> * Fixed watch_ppa arch-watching regressions

 16:06 <robru> - now correctly only fails build if that build failure is an arch regression compared to what is built in the ubuntu archive

 16:06 <robru> * various bug fixes and test improvements

 16:06 <robru> * small charm fixes to make citrain deployable again

 16:06 <slangasek> ok

 16:06 <robru> ;-)

 16:06 <robru> (done)

 16:07 <mvo> yay

 16:07 <caribou> Systemd : Get makedumpfile to work under systemd

 16:07 <caribou> Makedumpfile : Backport kernel 3.16 support in version 1.5.3 for Jessie

 16:07 <caribou> Get makedumpfile 1.5.3-2 to pass Debian freeze

 16:07 <barry> robru: \o/

 16:07 <slangasek> (fyi several of us have a conflicting meeting at half past, so we probably want to blast through this :)

 16:07 <caribou> (done)

 16:07 <infinity> - short week, due to illness

 16:07 <infinity> - Kernel SRU wrangling

 16:07 <infinity> - debian-installer update for lts-utopic kernels

 16:07 <infinity> - testing the above in several configurations

 16:07 <infinity> - auditing powerpc utility packages in utopic for suitability for backport-as-SRU to trusty

 16:07 <infinity> - general SRU/AA admin tasks

 16:07 <infinity> (done)

 16:08 <bdmurray> this covers the past two weeks (minus holidays) since I missed the last meeting

 16:08 <bdmurray> created of a graphite graph for retracer time to retrace

 16:08 <bdmurray> worked with webops to switch errors to using PS4 swift while dumping retracer backlog

 16:08 <bdmurray> phone call meeting regarding retracers in scaling stack

 16:08 <bdmurray> modified daisy to write duplicatesignature in oops cf for python tracebacks

 16:08 <bdmurray> updated errors to use duplicate signature as SAS for linking back to the bucket

 16:08 <bdmurray> modified daisy's retracer.py to write RetraceFailureReason et al to the OOPS CF (r585)

 16:08 <bdmurray> had apport updated on the tracers

 16:08 <bdmurray> wrote missing ddebs finder to only look at retracing failures

 16:08 <bdmurray> reported apport bug LP: #1394798 (duplicate Contents.gz)

 16:08 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1394798 in Apport "Contents.gz files exist multiple times in sandboxes" [Undecided,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1394798

 16:08 <bdmurray> tested fix for apport bug 1394798 (Contents.gz) in canonistack

 16:08 <bdmurray> researched bug LP: #1394919 (recoverable problem crashing on pids it can't read)

 16:08 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1377332 in cgmanager (Ubuntu) "duplicate for #1394919 [TOPBLOCKER] UI randomly freezes" [Critical,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1377332

 16:08 <bdmurray> reported daisy bug LP: #1396389 regarding backfill of duplicate signatures

 16:08 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1396389 in Daisy "backfill duplicate signatures for python crashes" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1396389

 16:08 <bdmurray> uploaded more packages (gnome-keyring, x11-utils, taglib, shadow, …) to get missing ddebs

 16:08 <bdmurray> ubuntu-release-upgrader bug triage

 16:09 <bdmurray> created a test case for the trusty fix of bug 1313165 (update-manager-kde blacklist)

 16:09 <ubottu> bug 1313165 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu Trusty) "removal blacklist matches update-manager-kde which is not critical anymore" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1313165

 16:09 <bdmurray> uploaded ubuntu-release-upgrader for trusty-proposed fixing LP: #1313165

 16:09 <bdmurray> added rls-v- reports to qa.ubuntu.com

 16:09 <bdmurray> ✔ done

 16:10 <cjwatson> oh it's me

 16:10 <slangasek> cjwatson:

 16:10 <slangasek> yah :)

 16:10 <cjwatson> On vacation on Friday and Monday.  Rest of week almost entirely working on my maintenance backlog:

 16:11 <cjwatson> - Managed to kill ruby2.0 from vivid.  (Involved non-trivial work on ruby-libxml and ruby-patron.)

 16:11 <cjwatson> - Fought with the chain up to the protobuf merge (google-apputils-python, involving an MIR), got the libprotobuf9 transition going, and started coordination with ubuntu-phone.

 16:11 <cjwatson> - Switched out libusbx for libusb-1.0.

 16:11 <cjwatson> - Transitioned from libmusicbrainz5-0 to libmusicbrainz5-1.

 16:11 <cjwatson> - Rebuilt a load of stuff for libcfitsio2 (from libcfitsio3; don't ask, apparently).

 16:11 <cjwatson> - Shepherded the rails3 to rails transition through.

 16:11 <cjwatson> - Merged other things until my eyes bled.

 16:11 <cjwatson> - Generally trying to get process-removals output into a halfway decent state.

 16:11 <cjwatson> Working on improvements to component-mismatches to sort its output by teams.  Somewhat stalled but I'll pick this up again.

 16:11 <cjwatson> Miscellaneous reviews and internal discussions.

 16:11 <cjwatson> Seven days left.  Get your requests in now!

 16:11 <cjwatson> ..

 16:12 <cjwatson> slangasek: right back atcha

 16:12 <slangasek> oh indeed!

 16:13 <slangasek> * first report in a while:

 16:13 <slangasek> * at the cloud sprint in Austin 2 weeks ago, good sync point with the CDO side of the company

 16:13 <slangasek> * discussions around migrating buildds, porter boxes into *Stack

 16:14 <slangasek> * Thanksgiving last week

 16:14 <slangasek> * still working on getting our open head count filled; some progress, we're in the paperwork/negotiation phase

 16:14 <slangasek> * rest of time taken up on embargoed projects

 16:14 <slangasek> * systemd virtual sprint postponed from first week of December, to January due to resources being reallocated to above embargoed projects

 16:14 <slangasek> (done)

 16:14 <cjwatson> oh porter boxes too?  I missed that detail

 16:14 <sil2100> - Landing team work, silos coordination, preparing landing e-mails

 16:14 <sil2100> - CI Train maintanance:

 16:14 <sil2100> * Fixing random breakage here and there

 16:14 <sil2100> * Trying to cope with some smaller copy2distro breakage

 16:14 <sil2100> * Working on a rebuild-in-PPA build feature

 16:14 <sil2100> - Patch pilot duty:

 16:14 <sil2100> * Clean up in LP bugs

 16:14 <sil2100> * Testing, cleaning and publishing new runit

 16:14 <sil2100> - Tidying up bugs and landing-team tasks

 16:14 <sil2100> - Appmenu-qt5 fix for FTBFS for Qt 5.4.0

 16:14 <sil2100> - RTM readiness meetings

 16:14 <sil2100> - Debates regarding the Gold Master image

 16:14 <sil2100> - Help in understanding some of the promotion-blocking bugs

 16:14 <sil2100> - Updates to the CI Train documentation

 16:14 <sil2100> - Reviewing new ideas regarding Landing classes proposition

 16:14 <sil2100> - Chasing down IS/webops regarding the recent CI Train incident

 16:15 <sil2100> - More meetings related to the new CI Train database user interface from CI

 16:15 <sil2100> - Some additional sick days at the start of this week

 16:15 <sil2100> - Tasks related to making vivid promotion-ready

 16:15 <sil2100> (done)

 16:15 <jodh_> * Full time on an internal project

 16:15 <slangasek> cjwatson: ah, did you not get included on that thread?  fwiw the thought is that since the porter boxes are abnormal wrt current IS practices, given that we're supposed to have all three supported arch families cloudified, the porter boxes should just become a charm in canonistack

 16:15 <jodh_> ⑉

 16:15 <barry> short week due to usa thanksgiving

 16:15 <barry> mostly working on internal project

 16:15 <cjwatson> slangasek: did that include having the porter boxes be closer in behaviour (if not in exact implementation) to the one I outlined in https://rt.admin.canonical.com/Ticket/Display.html?id=68468 ?

 16:15 <barry> phone: testing udm fix for unconstrained path bug (yes it fixes it!)

 16:15 <barry> other: python bug 22966 (py_compile foo.bar.py); LP: #1384859

 16:15 <ubottu> bug 22966 in Ubuntu "Networking causes login delay" [Medium,Invalid] https://launchpad.net/bugs/22966

 16:15 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1384859 in Ubuntu system image "Use other machine-id files as alternatives to D-Bus file" [High,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1384859

 16:15 <barry> -- done --

 16:16 <mvo> did: lots of work on a internal project

 16:16 <mvo> next: lots of work on a internal project

 16:16 <mvo> (done)

 16:16 <slangasek> cjwatson: given that we would own the charm and can determine its behavior, sure :)

 16:17 <cjwatson> makes sense

 16:17 <stgraber> is doko around?

 16:17 <slangasek> cjwatson: basically, at that point anyone can have root on their own instance, so the porter box sudo magic becomes obsolete

 16:17 <slangasek> doko: ?

 16:17 <doko> - more GCC work, updating 4.8 and 4.9 branches, bug triage, uploads, testing 4.8

 16:17 <doko> and 4.9 with isl-0.14, snapshot build

 16:17 <doko> - binutils update, binutils bug triage

 16:17 <doko> - python3.4 upload, ensurepip update, forwarded ubuntu issues

 16:17 <doko> - python2.7 prepared, working on open security issues upstream

 16:17 <doko> - really need to spend some time on merges

 16:17 <doko> - finally have my 100 MBit downstream, 12Mbit upstream cable working,

 16:17 <slangasek> he is!

 16:17 <doko> now need to configure it for ipV6.

 16:17 <doko> (done)

 16:18 <cjwatson> slangasek: right, that makes total sense given power/arm in canonistack

 16:18 <stgraber> - linuxcontainers.org:

 16:18 <stgraber> - Got our new website online at: https://linuxcontainers.org

 16:18 <stgraber> - Various CI infrastructure updates

 16:18 <stgraber> - lxd:

 16:18 <stgraber> - Been working on a few of the specs at:

 16:18 <stgraber> https://github.com/lxc/lxd/tree/master/specs

 16:18 <stgraber> - Bunch of bugfixes and code reviews.

 16:18 <stgraber> - lxc:

 16:18 <stgraber> - A lot of code reviews (large backlog).

 16:18 <stgraber> - Tagged LXC 1.1.0~alpha3 and uploaded to the archive.

 16:18 <stgraber> - Detailed our systemd support plan and worked on a few of the bits.

 16:18 <stgraber> - Went through the stable branch backlog, planning on tagging 1.0.7 today

 16:18 <stgraber> or tomorrow.

 16:18 <stgraber> - lxcfs:

 16:18 <stgraber> - Started poking at go-dbus and go-fuse to use them for lxcfs.

 16:18 <stgraber> - other:

 16:18 <stgraber> - Post-sprint admin tasks.

 16:18 <stgraber> - Preparation for next week's sprint in Cape Town.

 16:18 <stgraber> 

 16:18 <stgraber> Current tasks:

 16:18 <stgraber> - LXC systemd containers support:

 16:18 <stgraber> - Get lxcfs to a working stage

 16:18 <stgraber> - Implement new lxc.autodev design

 16:18 <stgraber> - Implement new init system detection code

 16:18 <stgraber> - Test stacking of read-only overlayfs on 3.18

 16:18 <stgraber> 

 16:19 <stgraber> I'll be out travelling tomorrow afternoon, Saturday and Sunday. Then sprinting

 16:19 <stgraber> all of next week and flying again on Sunday and next Monday. Back to work on

 16:19 <stgraber> the 16th. If you need something from me, talk to me today!

 16:19 <stgraber> 

 16:19 <stgraber> (DONE)

 16:20 <slangasek> ok cool

 16:20 <slangasek> any questions?

 16:20 <slangasek> [TOPIC] AOB

 16:21 <slangasek> anything else?  Christmas caroling?

 16:21 <slangasek> complaints about the weather?

 16:22 <slangasek> lightning talks about new things you're working on? :)

 16:22 <caribou> "We wish you a merry christmas, we wish you a merry christmas..;"

 16:23 <slangasek> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)