== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 31 Jul at 15:07 &mdash; 15:47 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2014/ubuntu-meeting.2014-07-31-15.07.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning round ===
The discussion about "Lightning round" started at 15:07.


=== Upstart cgroup support ===
The discussion about "Upstart cgroup support" started at 15:24.

  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~jhunt/upstart/upstart-states-old.png 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~jhunt/upstart/upstart-states-new.png 

=== AOB ===
The discussion about "AOB" started at 15:42.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * jodh (142)
 * xnox (46)
 * slangasek (40)
 * bdmurray (30)
 * sil2100 (21)
 * stgraber (17)
 * robru (15)
 * bhuey (14)
 * doko (9)
 * ubottu (9)
 * barry (8)
 * meetingology (4)



== Full Log ==


 15:07 <xnox> #startmeeting

 15:07 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Jul 31 15:07:43 2014 UTC.  The chair is xnox. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 15:07 <meetingology> 

 15:07 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 15:07 <bhuey> don't know what the procedure is...

 15:07 <xnox> #topic Lightning round

 15:08 <bhuey> go ?

 15:08 <bhuey> Last week

 15:08 <bhuey> -change direction and abandoned the security update to 7u55-2.4.7

 15:08 <bhuey> -merged debian package 7u65-2.5.1 to ubuntu utopic, merged differences into this package

 15:08 <bhuey> -backported it to 12.04, 14.04 and utopic, this went well except for 12.04

 15:08 <bhuey> This week

 15:08 <bhuey> -posted test differences between various openjdk versions for regression analysis

 15:08 <bhuey> -struggling to deal with 'quotes' in a call to 'configure' in the build/ directory and wondering why the build system is reverting Matthias's patches

 15:08 <bhuey> -continued to debug the above

 15:08 <bhuey> -get familiar with debian version 3 packaging

 15:08 <bhuey> done

 15:08 <bhuey> ...

 15:08 <xnox> $ shuf -e jodh robru sil2100 xnox barry bmurray doko stgraber

 15:08 <xnox> xnox

 15:08 <xnox> barry

 15:08 <xnox> jodh

 15:08 <xnox> robru

 15:08 <xnox> sil2100

 15:08 <xnox> bmurray

 15:08 <xnox> doko

 15:09 <xnox> stgraber

 15:09 <xnox> not as fancy.

 15:09 <xnox> ..

 15:09 <bhuey> whoops

 15:09 <xnox> * usb-creator - formating fixes uploaded

 15:09 <xnox> * mega-transition helping out tie up loose ends

 15:09 <xnox> * llvm 3.5 - fixed powerpc build (committed upstream) and fixed

 15:09 <xnox> ppc64el packaging (accepted in debian). Will switch default to 3.5

 15:09 <xnox> after alpha2 freeze block is lifted. That will make temporary add

 15:09 <xnox> 3.5 & 3.4 in main, until next mesa update.

 15:09 * jodh wonders who 'not as fancy' is :)

 15:09 <xnox> * uploaded ubuntukylin-meta seating in NEW, but proper further seed

 15:09 <xnox> setup is still needed.

 15:09 <xnox> * exit interview, and HRy things.

 15:09 <xnox> * working on porting more lazr.* things to python3

 15:09 <xnox> * sent rebased apt-ftpmaster generate contents only patch to mvo on

 15:09 <xnox> BTS. (To enable for it to be used, will need further patch to cronscripts)

 15:09 <xnox> TODO:

 15:09 <xnox> * complete more systemd/startpar tasks

 15:09 <xnox> * complete lazr.*/launchpadlib ports

 15:09 <xnox> ..

 15:09 <xnox> barry: =)

 15:09 <xnox> jodh: oh just a comment. as in it's not a one liner as it usually pasted around here.

 15:10 <jodh> xnox: yeah, I'm just being silly.

 15:10 <barry> phone: system-image 2.3.1.  smoke test crash investigation (LP: #1349478).  discussing jani's branches.  other stuff.

 15:10 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1349478 in Ubuntu system image "/usr/sbin/system-image-dbus:sqlite3.OperationalError:_check_for_update:emit_signal:UpdateAvailableStatus:__init__:__enter__:_cursor" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1349478

 15:10 <barry> debuntu: zope stack (all squared away now!).  gunicorn py3 package support (debian bug #756057).  testing pyvenv/virtualenv from trusty PPA.

 15:10 <ubottu> Debian bug 756057 in gunicorn "gunicorn: Support Python 3" [Normal,Open] http://bugs.debian.org/756057

 15:10 <xnox> jodh: and it didn't suffly much, did it?!

 15:10 <barry> other: dealing w/various hardware issues.  other discussions on various other topics.

 15:10 <barry> ..

 15:11 <jodh> * upstart

 15:11 <barry> jodh: =)

 15:11 <jodh> *** upstart 1.13.1-0ubuntu2 upload to fix cgmanager tests.

 15:11 <jodh> * system-image

 15:11 <jodh> * Spent most of the week learning about how system image builds

 15:11 <jodh> (ongoing :)

 15:11 <jodh> * Working with mvo, cjwatson and stgraber on setting up new images.

 15:11 <jodh> Γ

 15:11 <xnox> barry: gunicorn python3 \o/

 15:11 <xnox> the all prepared robru is next =)

 15:11 <barry> xnox: yep, have github pull req pending for debian maintainer.  should hopefully land soonish

 15:11 <robru> * landings, landings, landings, landings!

 15:11 <robru> * fixed up qtcompositor landing in ubuntu-system-settings

 15:11 <robru> * learned all about Jasmine unittesting framework for JS -- very nice!

 15:11 <robru> * wrote vast amounts of unit test code for both CI Train Silo Dashboard and NFSS Web UI

 15:11 <robru> * attended GUADEC -- saw many talks and took lots of notes

 15:11 <robru> * Several CI Vanguard shifts

 15:11 <robru> * stopped some bits of CI Train from hard-coding spreadsheet column indexes, allowing greater

 15:11 <robru> flexibility to change the spreadsheet in the future (in preparation for RTM)

 15:11 <robru> * vast simplification of CI Train spreadsheet, dropping all stupid "silo tabs" and streamlinin

 15:11 <robru> g the testing:done? setting into the pending tab, which will make the spreadsheet much easier

 15:11 <robru> to navigate when RTM doubles the number of silos we have.

 15:11 <robru> * various minor pre-RTM preparatory fixes & changes in CI Train

 15:11 <robru> * 99 commits against the CI Train silo dashboard page. yikes! (many many many small tweaks and

 15:11 <robru> iterations, and increases in test coverage).

 15:12 <xnox> awesome!

 15:12 <xnox> robru: sil2100: has ci-train been tested / dry-run against rtm on dogfood?

 15:13 <sil2100> xnox: doing it all the time ;)

 15:13 <xnox> sil2100: awesome.

 15:13 <xnox> sil2100: you are next! =)

 15:13 * slangasek waves belatedly

 15:13 <sil2100> xnox: just got blocked by some firewall blockings, but now I'm unblocked again, webops helped out

 15:13 <robru> xnox, sil2100 has taken charge of the ci train core. I'm mostly working on the periphery, like the dashboard and queuebot.

 15:13 <xnox> #chair slangasek

 15:13 <meetingology> Current chairs: slangasek xnox

 15:13 <sil2100> o/

 15:13 <sil2100> - Landing team work, landing e-mails, landing coordination - standard stuff

 15:13 <sil2100> - Pushing on promotion and TRAINCON-0 issues

 15:13 <sil2100> - CI Train maintenance and features:

 15:13 <sil2100> * Decoupling prod from preprod, now for testing preprod custom branches can be used

 15:13 <sil2100> * Small enablements related to the modified spreadsheet

 15:13 <sil2100> * Continuing work on enabling other distributions (ubuntu-rtm)

 15:13 <sil2100> - More firewall holes needed in our prodstack instance

 15:13 <sil2100> - More complex silo configuration handling

 15:14 <sil2100> - Many many corner cases where ubuntu was still considered instead of selected distro

 15:14 <sil2100> * Test landing of indicator-location to ubuntu-rtm (in progress)

 15:14 <sil2100> * Prepared branch with 'retry failed jobs'

 15:14 <sil2100> * Add additional twin upload projects

 15:14 <sil2100> * No time to finish work on auto-merge-clean

 15:14 <sil2100> - Work on defining TRAINCON-0 formal rules

 15:14 <sil2100> - Packaging advice for some upstream developers

 15:14 <sil2100> - Documenting the TRAINCON-0 incident

 15:14 <sil2100> - Playing around with some hardware

 15:14 <sil2100> done

 15:14 <bdmurray> this covers about 2 weeks for me since I was on holiday last thursday

 15:14 <bdmurray> updated errors for assets.ubuntu.com to r486

 15:14 <bdmurray> testing of errors frontend change to filter on pkg_arch

 15:14 <bdmurray> submitted RT to have errors frontends updated and errors_static_url modified

 15:15 <bdmurray> setup logrotation for the daisy, errors frontends and pushed to the daisy and errors charms

 15:15 <bdmurray> updated daisy retracer to keep core dumps when retracing and save crash files in certain situations

 15:15 <bdmurray> submitted rt to have retracers updated to r504

 15:15 <bdmurray> updated RT 72977 regarding errors log rotation

 15:15 <bdmurray> submitted RT 73492 regarding updating the daisy frontends to r498

 15:15 <bdmurray> updated daisy bucket code to pass architecture to bucketversionscount

 15:15 <bdmurray> push bzr changes for daisy to increment arch counters

 15:15 <bdmurray> created some armhf retrace success failures graphs in graphite

 15:15 <bdmurray> submitted RT to add more retracers for errors

 15:15 <bdmurray> pinged a webop to run import-user-packages cron job (they said it worked but still nothing in the ColumnFamily)

 15:15 <bdmurray> manually ran import_user_packages to the temp DSE ring database

 15:15 <bdmurray> research into recoverable problem bucket grouping upstart and url-dispatcher issues

 15:15 <bdmurray> discovered and reported apport bug 1349579

 15:15 <ubottu> bug 1349579 in apport (Ubuntu) "whoopsie-upload-all uses an incorrect assumption regarding what to upload" [Undecided,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1349579

 15:15 <bdmurray> submitted merge proposal fixing apport bug 1329520

 15:15 <ubottu> bug 1329520 in apport (Ubuntu) "whoopsie-upload-all crashes while processing crash file" [High,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1329520

 15:15 <bdmurray> investigation into SystemImageInfo not appearing in apport .crash files on the phone

 15:15 <bdmurray> uploaded new version of apport to utopic which will properly gather SystemImageInfo

 15:15 <bdmurray> uploaded new version of whoopsie to upotic that will send SystemImageInfo to errors

 15:15 <bdmurray> tested whoopsie bug 1320988 regarding online / offline connectivity

 15:15 <ubottu> bug 1320988 in whoopsie (Ubuntu) "whoopsie did not become on-line after connecting to wifi" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1320988

 15:15 <bdmurray> investigation into whoopsie bug 1340604

 15:15 <ubottu> bug 1340604 in whoopsie (Ubuntu) "[phone] crash files are only uploaded on boot when not running in the foreground" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1340604

 15:15 <bdmurray> reported apport bug 1347009 regarding retraced crashes missing stacktrace

 15:15 <ubottu> bug 1347009 in Daisy "apport-retrace occassionally creates a retraced report without a stacktrace" [Low,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1347009

 15:15 <bdmurray> research into duplicates for ubuntu-release-upgrader bug 1347721

 15:15 <ubottu> bug 1347721 in apt (Ubuntu Trusty) "Saucy -> Trusty upgrade failed: procps fails to configure" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1347721

 15:15 <bdmurray> ✔ done

 15:16 <doko> - GCC default set to 4.9

 15:16 <doko> - update of cross toolchains

 15:16 <doko> - openjdk-7 mentoring and fixes

 15:16 <doko> - clean up component mismatches, dep-waits, ftbfs in main, three days of nagging and fixing

 15:16 <doko> - packaging review of some third party software

 15:16 <doko> - updated tightvnc, updated tigervnc (at least it built for arm64 and ppc64el)

 15:16 <doko> - twisted transition (ubuntu-sso-client still unfixed)

 15:16 <doko> - arm64 toolchain discussion

 15:16 <doko> (done)

 15:17 <stgraber> Was on vacation last week.

 15:17 <stgraber> E-mail and IRC catchup on Monday mostly.

 15:17 <stgraber> Helped with some code reviews, discussions, ... wrt ubuntu core system-image.

 15:17 <stgraber> Got an initial system-image published for ubuntu-core.

 15:17 <stgraber> Discussed partitioning plan for new touch devices.

 15:17 <stgraber> Fixed some LXC CI issues.

 15:17 <stgraber> Recorded a video on running GUI apps inside LXC: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QYsj9LEqxXk

 15:17 <stgraber> Poked some more at running Unity8 inside LXC.

 15:17 <stgraber> Some more LXC-related discussions (conference planning, ...)

 15:17 <stgraber> Discussed some of our NetworkManager patches.

 15:17 <stgraber> Fixed a couple of configuration issues with the ISO tracker related to alpha-2, 14.04.1 and 12.04.5.

 15:17 <stgraber> (DONE)

 15:19 <xnox> slangasek: your turn =) and take over chairing =)

 15:19 <slangasek> hmm :)

 15:20 <slangasek> * working with bhuey on prepping openjdk security update

 15:20 <slangasek> * discussions around the 'init' package and systemd-sysv to unblock new images using systemd from the start

 15:20 <slangasek> * tracking crash retracing success on the phones; working with bdmurray et al. to get any blocking issues fixed in advance of RTM

 15:20 <slangasek> * performance reviews

 15:20 <slangasek> * helped move forward some HWE SRUs related to a server engagement

 15:20 <slangasek> * helped with getting out of TRAINCON-0 on Monday

 15:21 <slangasek> * next week: joining a cloud team sprint (as is Colin), so expect limited availability

 15:21 <slangasek> * the week after: on vacation

 15:22 <slangasek> bdmurray: on the errors.u.c side, when do you expect we'll have the per-image view available?

 15:22 <bdmurray> slangasek: what was the final answer for the counter?

 15:23 <slangasek> bdmurray: ah, in scrollback, let's iron that out after the meeting?

 15:23 <bdmurray> slangasek: okay, it shouldn't take too long to add

 15:23 <slangasek> any other questions over status?

 15:24 <slangasek> [TOPIC] Upstart cgroup support

 15:25 <slangasek> forgot to do an in-depth topic for last week's meeting... remembered this week :)

 15:25 <jodh> Thanks Steve. Everyone sitting comfortably?

 15:25 <slangasek> so jodh will talk a bit about the work he did to implement cgroup support into upstart

 15:25 <jodh> Today, I'm going to give a brief [1] talk about cgroup support in upstart

 15:25 <jodh> and some of the challenges we faced. This may go some way in explaining

 15:25 <jodh> the seemingly never-ending upstart async branch updates I've given in

 15:25 <jodh> the past in this meeting :-)

 15:25 <jodh> = Intro =

 15:25 <jodh> As of version 1.13, Upstart supports cgroups. By "support", I mean "has

 15:25 <jodh> the ability to place job processes into one or more cgroups" (for

 15:25 <jodh> service resource control). It does _not_ mean that Upstart uses cgroups

 15:25 <jodh> to mop up the mess if a service ends badly (process supervision).

 15:25 <jodh> = The cgroup Stanza =

 15:26 <jodh> After thrashing out the design with stgraber, slangasek and hallyn

 15:26 <jodh> (http://upstart.ubuntu.com/wiki/Cgroup), we added support to parse a new

 15:26 <jodh> "cgroup" stanza that a job can specify. The final syntax is extremely

 15:26 <jodh> clean and praise goes to stgraber for realising how simple we could make

 15:26 <jodh> it!) Here's a summary of the behaviour:

 15:26 <jodh> - If not specified, the job processes are not placed into (any new)

 15:26 <jodh> cgroups.

 15:26 <jodh> - If a job specifies a cgroup stanza, that job cannot legitimately start

 15:26 <jodh> until the cgroup manager itself is running. To handle this, we added a new

 15:26 <jodh> initctl command ("notify-cgroup-manager-address") which the

 15:26 <jodh> cgmanager.conf job itself calls in post-start to notify upstart where

 15:26 <jodh> to find cgmanager :-)

 15:26 <jodh> - If specified, *all* job processes are put into the specified cgroup(s).

 15:26 <jodh> - If specified as "cgroup <controller>" ("cgroup cpuset" for example),

 15:26 <jodh> Upstart will add the job to a job-specific cgroup whose value will be

 15:26 <jodh> "$UPSTART_JOB-$UPSTART_INSTANCE".

 15:26 <jodh> - If specified as "cgroup cpuset foo 12", Upstart will place the job

 15:26 <jodh> processes into the implicit job-specific cpuset cgroup and set

 15:26 <jodh> "foo=bar" in that group.

 15:26 <jodh> - If specified as "cgroup cpuset hello foo 12", Upstart will place the

 15:26 <jodh> job into a the cpuset cgroup called "hello" and set "foo=12" in that

 15:26 <jodh> group. If "hello" does not exist, it will be created. This allows

 15:26 <jodh> multiple different jobs to enter the same cgroup if desired.

 15:26 <jodh> - The cgroup name ("hello" in the example above) can also contain variables:

 15:26 <jodh> "cgroup cpuset db/$foo/$bar-$baz".

 15:26 <jodh> - You can also get at the cgroup that Upstart would create on behalf of

 15:26 <jodh> the job using the magic $UPSTART_CGROUP variable (note that this is

 15:26 <jodh> _not_ an environment variable and is only valid within a cgroup

 15:26 <jodh> stanza). For example: "cgroup cpuset db/$UPSTART_CGROUP".

 15:26 <jodh> So far so good.

 15:27 <jodh> Since there is already an excellent cgroup manager available, and since

 15:27 <jodh> we try to avoid adding extra complexity to PID 1, we opted to avoid

 15:27 * slangasek waits for the footnote to resolve

 15:27 <jodh> re-inventing the wheel by having cgmanager(8) handle the actual cgroup

 15:27 <jodh> operations. So, when Upstart starts a job that specified a cgroup

 15:27 <jodh> stanza, it needs to do the following:

 15:27 <jodh> - Connect to cgmanager.

 15:27 <jodh> - Ask cgmanager to create the cgroup(s).

 15:27 <jodh> - Ask cgmanager to move the specified process(es) into a cgroup.

 15:27 <jodh> - Ask cgmanager to set apply a particular setting to a cgroup.

 15:27 <jodh> However, there's a problem with the above. What if cgmanager hung?

 15:27 <jodh> We'll come back to this, but first I need to explain how Upstart spawns

 15:27 <jodh> a job.

 15:27 <jodh> = Async spawning =

 15:27 <jodh> == Historical synchronous spawning ==

 15:27 <jodh> Upstart used to do the following when wishing to start a new job process:

 15:27 <jodh> 1) Create a pipe.

 15:27 <jodh> 2) fork itself.

 15:27 <jodh> 3) Have the child do all necessary setup such as dropping privileges,

 15:27 <jodh> closing fds, switching apparmor profiles, etc. Then:

 15:27 <jodh> - If the child finished its setup successfully it simply exec'd the

 15:27 <jodh> relevant program specified in the job .conf file for the job process

 15:27 <jodh> in question).

 15:27 <jodh> - But if the setup failed, the child wrote a status message back up to

 15:27 <jodh> the parent (PID 1) explaining what went wrong, and then exited.

 15:27 <jodh> 4) All the time the child wass doing setup, PID 1 was doing a _blocking

 15:27 <jodh> read_ on its end of the pipe. This implies that no operation in the

 15:27 <jodh> child setup phase could block, since if it could block, it would also

 15:27 <jodh> block PID 1, and thus DoS the system.

 15:27 <jodh> As a result, we couldn't call cgmanager from PID 1 directly, since that

 15:27 <jodh> could lead to a DoS, but we couldn't call it from the child _either_.

 15:28 <jodh> == Brave New World ==

 15:28 <jodh> The solution was to change the way in which Upstart spawns. In the new

 15:28 <jodh> world, Upstart still creates the pipe but doesn't do a blocking read; it

 15:28 <jodh> just adds the fd for the read end of the pipe to a queue and waits for

 15:28 <jodh> some notification from the child. So we now have asynchronous child

 15:28 <jodh> spawning. To achieve this, we had to increase the number of states the

 15:28 <jodh> job can be, since there is now a distinction between:

 15:28 <jodh> - "the job process has been spawned successfully"

 15:28 <jodh> - "the job process is _being_ spawned" (but we don't know what the outcome is yet).

 15:28 <jodh> Here is the old state transition diagram:

 15:28 <jodh> http://people.canonical.com/~jhunt/upstart/upstart-states-old.png

 15:28 <jodh> And here's the new one:

 15:28 <jodh> http://people.canonical.com/~jhunt/upstart/upstart-states-new.png

 15:28 <jodh> However, that only solved half the problem - since Upstart was now

 15:28 <jodh> spawning asynchronously, the design meant that the order in which child

 15:28 <jodh> notifications could arrive became non-deterministic since either of the

 15:28 <jodh> following could happen "first":

 15:28 <jodh> - child exits and Upstart is notified via waitid().

 15:28 <jodh> - child pipe closes or has data written to it and is notified by select().

 15:28 <jodh> This needed careful handling since *both* those operations could update

 15:28 <jodh> the job state, but we didn't want the state to be "double-bumped".

 15:28 <jodh> In summary, adding the new async spawning feature was quite a challenge

 15:28 <jodh> with xnox and I gaining a few grey hairs in the process (his don't show!

 15:28 <jodh> Errm... ;-)

 15:28 <jodh> = Test Suite =

 15:28 <jodh> Since the new states and the new async nature of spawning meant that a

 15:28 <jodh> large chunk of the (large!) set of Upstart tests suddently broke. Hence,

 15:28 <jodh> it took lots of careful reviewing of both the code and all the required

 15:28 <jodh> test changes to resolve this new feature.

 15:28 <jodh> = Stateful re-exec =

 15:29 <jodh> This needed updating to handle the new cgroup stanza data. But we also

 15:29 <jodh> needed to consider scenarios like this:

 15:29 <jodh> - PID 1 starts a job process asynchronously.

 15:29 <jodh> - child takes "a long time" to setup.

 15:29 <jodh> - PID 1 is restarted.

 15:29 <jodh> Post-re-exec, PID 1 needs to know to keep track of the outstanding child

 15:29 <jodh> setup operations it is (asynchronously) waiting on. To handle this, we

 15:29 <jodh> added a new JobProcessData object to store the transitory child setup

 15:29 <jodh> meta-data (which gets discarded once the child has either died or

 15:29 <jodh> responded down the pipe).

 15:29 <jodh> = Cgroup Operations =

 15:29 <jodh> With the advent of async spawning, the child now makes all necessary

 15:29 <jodh> calls on the cgmanager with PID 1 being completely immune to any issues

 15:29 <jodh> that that may entail. In fact, aside from storing the parsed cgroup

 15:29 <jodh> stanza data, all PID 1 does is store the address of cgmanager!

 15:29 <jodh> = Conclusion =

 15:29 <jodh> The final result is an extremely clean and safe design. By introducing

 15:29 <jodh> async spawning we were also able to make Upstart fully immune to the

 15:29 <jodh> child blocking PID 1 (there used to be a couple of areas that

 15:29 <jodh> theoretically could cause issues on a mis-configured system).

 15:29 <jodh> ---

 15:29 <jodh> [1] - FTR, I'm using ev's definition of 'brief' :-)

 15:29 * jodh grumbles over whitespace damage....

 15:29 <jodh> A non-garbled version: http://paste.ubuntu.com/7915372/

 15:29 <slangasek> heh

 15:31 <slangasek> jodh: so, http://people.canonical.com/~jhunt/upstart/upstart-states-new.png is the state diagram for what's implemented now in 1.13?

 15:31 <jodh> slangasek: yep - I need to refresh the cookbook with that.

 15:32 <xnox> (also pretified the graph in graphviz for vertical top/down layout)

 15:32 <xnox> vs previously "optimal" graph

 15:32 <jodh> xnox: yeah, that's much improved, thanks! :)

 15:32 <slangasek> still just the single error path, though; couldn't you have made it more complicated? ;)

 15:33 <barry> jodh: very interesting!  is there a timeout after which the child is just considered hung, and does upstart do anything about that state?

 15:34 <jodh> barry: no - no timeout.

 15:34 <xnox> barry: it just gets stuck in e.g. "starting/pre-starting" state.

 15:34 <jodh> barry: if the child hangs, the state will reflect that if you run 'initctl status $job'.

 15:34 <xnox> (or some such, can't remember exact names of the spawning state"

 15:34 <xnox> )

 15:35 <barry> gotcha

 15:35 * slangasek nods

 15:35 <slangasek> if the job never gets around to starting, it's not init's job to fix it ;)

 15:36 <slangasek> jodh: do we have people using the cgroup support in anger yet?

 15:36 <jodh> barry: If a job does hang though, you may get something useful in cgmanagers log (assuming you've set cgmanager_opts= in /etc/init/cgmanager.conf).

 15:37 <jodh> slangasek: I don't think so actually. I checked on a recent touch image and I can't see any evidence of it being used yet. We need to poke ted! :)

 15:37 <slangasek> jodh: has ted been poked about this yet?

 15:37 <slangasek> if not, then yes, yes you do ;)

 15:38 <jodh> slangasek: not by me directly. I added him to https://code.launchpad.net/~jamesodhunt/ubuntu/utopic/cgmanager/enable-upstart-cgroup-support/+merge/227209 so he should be aware of it.

 15:39 <xnox> slangasek: i'll poke ted about it.

 15:39 <slangasek> xnox: ok, thanks

 15:39 <jodh> let's all poke ted. err...

 15:40 <slangasek> any other questions about cgroups in upstart?

 15:42 <slangasek> jodh: thanks for presenting!

 15:42 <slangasek> [TOPIC] AOB

 15:42 <bdmurray> slangasek: I was thinking maybe you and stgraber could discuss bug 1314616?

 15:42 <ubottu> bug 1314616 in bitcoin (Ubuntu) "[SRU] bitcoin to be maintained upstream in PPA: Replace distro archive "bitcoin" bitcoin with an empty dummy package" [Undecided,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1314616

 15:42 <slangasek> oh no

 15:43 <stgraber> oh, that again?

 15:43 <slangasek> stgraber: I had explicitly told them to submit an SRU to disable the daemon on upgrade

 15:43 <slangasek> stgraber: and you are apparently not happy with the proposed solution

 15:43 <stgraber> slangasek: I'm not?

 15:43 <slangasek> stgraber: so yes, we should talk, but probably not during the meeting :-)

 15:43 <slangasek> stgraber: that's what I heard!

 15:44 <bdmurray> there was an email to ubuntu-devel about it earlier this month

 15:44 <slangasek> anyway, maybe we talk on #ubuntu-devel after the meeting?

 15:44 <stgraber> slangasek: I think I was just unhappy that the reporter tried to get us to do things without going through the proper SRU process

 15:44 <slangasek> ah :-)

 15:45 <stgraber> slangasek: I don't care about the package itself and am perfectly happy to have it die one way or another :)

 15:45 <slangasek> ok then!

 15:45 <slangasek> anything else to discuss on this fine summer day?

 15:46 <stgraber> I mostly complained to the reporter when he started nagging me as the current patch pilot to do something which needed discussion with the SRU team. Now that the SRU team has clearly been informed of it, someone should just sponsor a debdiff and be done with it.

 15:46 * slangasek nods

 15:47 <slangasek> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)