== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting: DMB, 10 Feb at 15:06 &mdash; 16:15 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2014/ubuntu-meeting.2014-02-10-15.06.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Review of previous action items ===
The discussion about "Review of previous action items" started at 15:06.

 * '''micahg to update documentation on PPU team restructuring.''' (15:06)
 * '''Add upload rights for pocock and hyperair''' (15:07)
  * ''ACTION:'' stgraber to add upload rights for pocock and hyperair

=== MOTU Application - Artur Rona ===
The discussion about "MOTU Application - Artur Rona" started at 15:09.

  * ''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ArturRona/MOTUApplicationNEW 
  * ''Vote:'' Should ari-tczew join ~motu? (Carried)

=== Per Package Uploader Application - zequence ===
The discussion about "Per Package Uploader Application - zequence" started at 15:36.

  * ''LINK:'' https://launchpadlibrarian.net/150692403/ubuntustudio-default-settings_0.47_0.48.diff.gz 
  * ''Vote:'' Should zequence get upload rights to the packges listed in https://wiki.ubuntu.com/zequence/DeveloperApplication ? (Deadlock)
  * ''LINK:'' https://launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/ubuntustudio-default-settings/0.48 

=== AOB ===
The discussion about "AOB" started at 16:11.

  * ''ACTION:'' micahg_mobile to start a vote on Noskcaj on devel-permissions



 * [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2014/ubuntu-meeting.2014-02-10-15.06.log.html#130 Should zequence get upload rights to the packges listed in https://wiki.ubuntu.com/zequence/DeveloperApplication ?]]
  * Deadlock (For/Against/Abstained 1/1/3)
   *  Voters barry, stgraber, micahg_mobile, tumbleweed, Laney
 * [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2014/ubuntu-meeting.2014-02-10-15.06.log.html#66 Should ari-tczew join ~motu?]]
  * Motion carried (For/Against/Abstained 5/0/0)
   *  Voters barry, stgraber, micahg_mobile, tumbleweed, Laney
== Vote results ==




== Action items, by person ==

 * micahg_mobile
  * micahg_mobile to start a vote on Noskcaj on devel-permissions
 * stgraber
  * stgraber to add upload rights for pocock and hyperair



== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * Laney (77)
 * zequence (32)
 * meetingology (27)
 * ari-tczew (19)
 * micahg_mobile (12)
 * barry (12)
 * tumbleweed (10)
 * stgraber (3)
 * dholbach (2)
 * bdrung_work (1)



== Full Log ==


 15:06 <Laney> #startmeeting DMB

 15:06 <meetingology> Meeting started Mon Feb 10 15:06:04 2014 UTC.  The chair is Laney. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 15:06 <meetingology> 

 15:06 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 15:06 <Laney> #topic Review of previous action items

 15:06 <barry> Laney: thanks

 15:06 <Laney> #subtopic micahg to update documentation on PPU team restructuring.

 15:06 <Laney> micahg_mobile: ?

 15:07 <Laney> let's come back to that ...

 15:07 <Laney> #subtopic Add upload rights for pocock and hyperair

 15:07 <Laney> stgraber: you happy to do that?

 15:08 <Laney> ¬_¬

 15:08 <Laney> stop playing portal!

 15:08 <stgraber> Laney: sure

 15:09 <Laney> thanks

 15:09 <Laney> #action stgraber to add upload rights for pocock and hyperair

 15:09 * meetingology stgraber to add upload rights for pocock and hyperair

 15:09 <Laney> #topic MOTU Application - Artur Rona

 15:09 <Laney> ari-tczew: hi, could you introduce yourself please

 15:10 <ari-tczew> sure.  My name is Artur, nickname ari-tczew, I was MOTU already and I'd like to rejoin again

 15:10 <Laney> #link https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ArturRona/MOTUApplicationNEW

 15:11 <Laney> are there specific areas you focus on / would like to focus on?

 15:11 <bdrung_work> sorry, i am busy

 15:11 <ari-tczew> yes, I'd like to focus on reducing delta between Debian and Ubuntu

 15:11 <ari-tczew> so, merges, syncs, forwarding changes, etc.

 15:12 <Laney> yay

 15:12 <Laney> in any specific area? do you have any commit / upload access in Debian or do you intend on getting that?

 15:13 <ari-tczew> no, i don't. I have already uploaded a few packages als NMU in Debian. http://qa.debian.org/developer.php?login=ari-tczew@tlen.pl

 15:14 <ari-tczew> anyway, I'm writing a submit@debian.org if changes are forwardable, then  I hope maintainer will upload Ubuntu changes

 15:14 <Laney> good, that's what we like to see

 15:15 <Laney> @bugs.debian.org, hopefully :P

 15:15 <meetingology> Laney: Error: "bugs.debian.org," is not a valid command.

 15:15 * Laney slaps

 15:15 <barry> ari-tczew: i often see changes made in ubuntu packages which should probably be upstreamed in debian.  but ubuntu devs don't always have the knowledge or permission to upload to debian.  i'd like to see steps taken to help make debian the first stop for patches when possible

 15:15 <ari-tczew> yes, I write direct from my head :P

 15:15 <Laney> so, since you've been out for a while - do you remember how the second half of the cycle works?

 15:17 <ari-tczew> barry: ok, like above - if changes are forwardable, I'm sending them to maintainers

 15:17 <ari-tczew> Laney: I think so.

 15:19 <tumbleweed> ari-tczew: hi. so, let's talk about the things you like least in ubuntu

 15:19 <Laney> maybe you could expand on that a little bit :P

 15:19 <tumbleweed> do you think we can improve sponsorship?

 15:20 <ari-tczew> tumbleweed: yes, we can!

 15:20 <tumbleweed> how?

 15:22 <ari-tczew> tumbleweed: so, I think we need to keep a small size of sponsoring overview and don't keep requests hanging on since a few months or more.

 15:23 <tumbleweed> that's the result, but how do we get there?

 15:23 <ari-tczew> if requests is related to main section, MOTUs can review them, as well. although, from packaging knowledge.

 15:23 <ari-tczew> if requests are*

 15:24 <barry> ari-tczew: we have patch piloting, which is supposed to help keep queue small.  in my experience though, it can sometimes be tough to consume a lot of items during a pp session.  if one merge/patch takes a long time to verify, it can eat up a lot of time.  can we improve the patch pilot program to help with big queues?

 15:25 <ari-tczew> we can help contributors to get patches uploaded, if someone is fresh, we don't need to write "please update your d/changelog, there's no * in line X", we can make it done themselve and upload patch/debdiff

 15:25 <Laney> we still get hard sponsorships being ignored :(

 15:25 <barry> Laney: yep

 15:26 <Laney> doesn't look awful in that respect currently though

 15:26 <tumbleweed> ari-tczew: you subscribed to ubuntu-devel-announce?

 15:27 <ari-tczew> barry: I have noticed that patch pilots make in the first queue syncs, merges, what are comparatively easy as SRUs or requests hanging on since 2 months

 15:28 <ari-tczew> barry: so, maybe patch pilots will make in the first shot the old requests

 15:28 <ari-tczew> tumbleweed: yes, I am

 15:29 <Laney> imo it's a bit focused on sponsoring and not so much on piloting as was the original mission

 15:29 <barry> ari-tczew: yes, that's been my experience and observation too.  it's a trade-off between trying to get a lot of easy things done, or just a couple of hard things.  any thoughts on how to make the process (either sru or patch piloting) easier to take on the hard tasks?

 15:29 <Laney> which was to try and help patches along even if you don't upload them

 15:30 <Laney> let's vote after this reply so that we have time for zequence, unless anyone has anything burning

 15:31 <ari-tczew> barry: I think just patch pilots should take care of the most forgotten requests (last is 2013-05-14). if sponsoring overview is clear, then can we think about another ideas

 15:31 <ari-tczew> so: just take the work in hands

 15:32 <Laney> thanks, now to the voting chamber

 15:32 * Laney enrobes

 15:32 <barry> ari-tczew: i'm skeptical the queue will ever be clear ;)  but anyway

 15:32 <Laney> #vote Should ari-tczew join ~motu?

 15:32 <meetingology> Please vote on: Should ari-tczew join ~motu?

 15:32 <meetingology> Public votes can be registered by saying +1, +0 or -1 in channel, (for private voting, private message me with 'vote +1/-1/+0 #channelname)

 15:32 <Laney> +1

 15:32 <meetingology> +1 received from Laney

 15:33 <barry> +1

 15:33 <meetingology> +1 received from barry

 15:33 <tumbleweed> +1 [ welcome back ]

 15:33 <meetingology> +1 [ welcome back ] received from tumbleweed

 15:34 <micahg_mobile> +1

 15:34 <meetingology> +1 received from micahg_mobile

 15:34 <stgraber> +1

 15:34 <meetingology> +1 received from stgraber

 15:34 <Laney> bdrung_work: here?

 15:35 <Laney> #endvote

 15:35 <meetingology> Voting ended on: Should ari-tczew join ~motu?

 15:35 <meetingology> Votes for:5 Votes against:0 Abstentions:0

 15:35 <meetingology> Motion carried

 15:36 <Laney> ari-tczew: welcome back!

 15:36 <barry> ari-tczew: congrats!

 15:36 <ari-tczew> Thank you for your trust.

 15:36 <Laney> #topic Per Package Uploader Application - zequence

 15:36 <Laney> hi zequence, please could you briefly introduce yourself

 15:37 <zequence> Hi. I'm the project lead for Ubuntu Studio, musician first, coder/packager second, so to speak

 15:37 <zequence> I've been involved in Ubuntu Studio development for a few years now. Maybe 3-4

 15:37 <zequence> Not so much packagin though, until the last year or so

 15:38 <zequence> I was hoping that micahg_mobile would show up, as he's done most of the sponsoring :)

 15:38 <micahg_mobile> I'm here

 15:38 <zequence> I'm applying for upload rights for the ubuntustudio-* packages at this point, but will like to extend to the whole Ubuntu Studio package set in the future

 15:39 <barry> zequence: hi.  i'm only seeing one endorsement on your application, but you've worked extensively with many members of ubuntu.  did you ask any of them to add endorsements to your page?

 15:39 <zequence> Aside from doing only a small amount of changes myself to ubuntustudio-* packages, I've fixed a couple of bugs, and been maintaining linux-lowlatency now for a good while

 15:40 <zequence> Well, I've asked a few, but none have written anything on the page

 15:40 <zequence> diwic and dholbach both were involved in a couple of bugs I had fixed

 15:40 <zequence> They might not even remember

 15:41 <zequence> apw and infinity have both been involved in linux-lowlatency, but I'm not doing anything complicated there

 15:41 <dholbach> I do, vaguely :)

 15:41 <zequence> Cool :)

 15:42 <zequence> The studio packages are fairly simple to maintain. Most of the work is just in updating our meta package, and our default settings

 15:42 <zequence> We have a couple of our own projects too, -installer and -controls (which I'm rewriting from scratch atm)

 15:43 <zequence> I know my way around a debian package, but I haven't had extensive practical experience from diverse packaging and getting stuff sponsored

 15:44 <micahg_mobile> Zequence: do you review the diff of the VCS versions before requesting sponsorship to ensure that everything in there is good?

 15:45 <zequence> micahg_mobile: So far, I havent't packaged anything that is an update of something upstream

 15:46 <zequence> We are the upstream for our own packages, and in the case with the bugs, I just added patches consisting of the particular code that fixed the bugs

 15:46 <micahg_mobile> No,I'm referring to packages maintained in a VCS like ubuntustudio-default-settings

 15:47 <zequence> micahg_mobile: If I am to upload a package, then I will of course make sure what changed was something useful.

 15:50 <micahg_mobile> Can i direct you to version 0.48 of ubuntustudio-default-settings, please take a look at the diff, do you notice anything out of the ordinary?

 15:50 <micahg_mobile> (Sorry, can't give a link from here easily)

 15:51 <zequence> just a moment..

 15:51 <Laney> https://launchpadlibrarian.net/150692403/ubuntustudio-default-settings_0.47_0.48.diff.gz

 15:52 <micahg_mobile> Thanks Laney

 15:55 <Laney> I think we need to speed this along a bit; time is almost up

 15:55 <zequence> Yeah, looks like change itself for the wallpaper doesn't show

 15:55 <Laney> I think micahg_mobile is trying to get at the fact that this postinst performs a rm -f on a file which the package doesn't own

 15:56 <Laney> which isn't really going to work properly, like if the user ever reinstalls the owning package or if it is SRUed

 15:56 <Laney> that wasn't a change /introduced/ in this version, but it certainly raises some flags to me when I see this diff

 15:57 <zequence> I haven't followed Lens changes a lot

 15:57 <Laney> ideally that would be looked at

 15:57 <Laney> does anybody else have any questions

 15:58 <zequence> (since I haven't been the one uploading them, or reviewing them)

 15:58 <Laney> ?

 15:58 <Laney> I think it's just something that came up in course of reviewing your stuff :-)

 15:59 <Laney> zequence: looks like linux-lowlatency got absorbed into the main kernel

 15:59 <Laney> I guess that's nice for you :-)

 15:59 <Laney> okay, let's vote

 16:00 <Laney> #vote Should zequence get upload rights to the packges listed in https://wiki.ubuntu.com/zequence/DeveloperApplication ?

 16:00 <meetingology> Please vote on: Should zequence get upload rights to the packges listed in https://wiki.ubuntu.com/zequence/DeveloperApplication ?

 16:00 <meetingology> Public votes can be registered by saying +1, +0 or -1 in channel, (for private voting, private message me with 'vote +1/-1/+0 #channelname)

 16:00 <Laney> too difficult to copy and paste that into a nice list :P

 16:00 <Laney> also, that lowlatency thing is noted there I see now

 16:00 <Laney> +1

 16:00 <meetingology> +1 received from Laney

 16:01 <barry> +0 [ would like to see more endorsements from folks you've worked with ]

 16:01 <meetingology> +0 [ would like to see more endorsements from folks you've worked with ] received from barry

 16:01 <tumbleweed> -1 [ that ubuntustudio-default-settings postinst doesn't inspire me with any confidence. And I'd like to see at least one endorsement from a sponsor ]

 16:01 <meetingology> -1 [ that ubuntustudio-default-settings postinst doesn't inspire me with any confidence. And I'd like to see at least one endorsement from a sponsor ] received from tumbleweed

 16:02 <stgraber> +0 [ would like to see some endorsements ]

 16:02 <meetingology> +0 [ would like to see some endorsements ] received from stgraber

 16:02 <micahg_mobile> +0 i would like to see an endorsement from a lowlatency sponsor

 16:02 <meetingology> +0 i would like to see an endorsement from a lowlatency sponsor received from micahg_mobile

 16:03 <micahg_mobile> Oh, is that not on the application anymore?

 16:03 <Laney> nope

 16:03 <zequence> No, linux-lowlatency is now merged with master :)

 16:04 <zequence> I still maintain the config diff

 16:04 <zequence> which is as trivial as it has always been

 16:04 <zequence> But, I don't deal with the source

 16:05 <tumbleweed> given the long involvement with that, I'm not so concerned about it, anyway. It's more general debian packaging that I'm worried about

 16:05 <tumbleweed> (with that == the kernel bits)

 16:06 <micahg_mobile> +0, a concerned with the postinst

 16:06 <meetingology> +0, a concerned with the postinst received from micahg_mobile

 16:06 <Laney> okay

 16:06 <zequence> Who uploaded that?

 16:07 <Laney> #endvote

 16:07 <meetingology> Voting ended on: Should zequence get upload rights to the packges listed in https://wiki.ubuntu.com/zequence/DeveloperApplication ?

 16:07 <meetingology> Votes for:1 Votes against:1 Abstentions:3

 16:07 <meetingology> Deadlock, casting vote may be used

 16:07 <Laney> wtf

 16:07 <Laney> https://launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/ubuntustudio-default-settings/0.48

 16:07 <Laney> So, I'm sorry that this wasn't successful right now

 16:08 <Laney> would people be happy to have a quick email vote if some endorsements come around? or back to IRC again?

 16:08 <zequence> Ah, sorry dholbach. I should have looked into that change a bit more carefully :)

 16:08 <Laney> or an IRC vote without this whole interview thing?

 16:08 <barry> zequence: please do solicit those endorsements.  i'd be happy enough to take it to email.

 16:09 <dholbach> zequence, sorry I didn't follow the meeting and am in a phone call right now

 16:09 <zequence> dholbach: No problem.

 16:09 <barry> *take a follow up vote on zequence's application to email

 16:09 <Laney> okay

 16:10 <Laney> zequence: if you can get two or three endorsements and then email devel-permissions I'll try to make sure we re-vote

 16:10 <Laney> Assume you don't need to attend any meeting unless we tell you otherwise

 16:10 <zequence> I think in this situation what I need to is get sponsors for the coming uploads of ubuntustudio-* packages before this release, and then apply again

 16:11 <zequence> Also, go through all the packages for faults, like what was just described

 16:11 <tumbleweed> yeah, that'd work

 16:11 <zequence> Thanks everyone

 16:11 * Laney hugs zequence

 16:11 <Laney> thanks!

 16:11 <Laney> #topic AOB

 16:12 <micahg_mobile> Zequence: that would be great, you're doing great work

 16:12 <zequence> micahg_mobile: Thanks

 16:12 <Laney> so, micahg_mobile has promised to start a vote on Noskcaj

 16:12 <Laney> please do that asap

 16:12 <Laney> #action micahg_mobile to start a vote on Noskcaj on devel-permissions

 16:12 * meetingology micahg_mobile to start a vote on Noskcaj on devel-permissions

 16:12 <micahg_mobile> Ok

 16:13 <Laney> anything else?

 16:13 <Laney> Oh, I started looking at the packageset script and it threw up some odd things

 16:13 <Laney> like adding sbuild to kubuntu

 16:13 <Laney> need to see what's going on there, then we can start running it regularly / automatically

 16:14 <Laney> going

 16:14 <Laney> going

 16:15 <Laney> gone

 16:15 <Laney> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)