== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting: DMB Meeting, 08 Sep at 19:13 &mdash; 20:07 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2014/ubuntu-meeting.2014-09-08-19.13.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== - PPU application Louis Bouchard ===
The discussion about "- PPU application Louis Bouchard" started at 19:14.

  * ''Vote:'' Please vote whether you are in favor to grant caribou PPU rights for sosreport & makedumpfile (Carried)

=== Core Dev application Dann Frazier ===
The discussion about "Core Dev application Dann Frazier" started at 19:38.

  * ''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/DannFrazier/CoreDeveloperApplication 
  * ''Vote:'' granting dannf Core Developer status (Carried)



== Vote results ==

 * [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2014/ubuntu-meeting.2014-09-08-19.13.log.html#120 granting dannf Core Developer status]]
  * Motion carried (For/Against/Abstained 3/0/0)
   *  Voters stgraber, xnox, bdmurray
 * [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2014/ubuntu-meeting.2014-09-08-19.13.log.html#60 Please vote whether you are in favor to grant caribou PPU rights for sosreport & makedumpfile]]
  * Motion carried (For/Against/Abstained 3/0/0)
   *  Voters stgraber, xnox, bdmurray



== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * xnox (38)
 * caribou (24)
 * dannf (23)
 * stgraber (22)
 * meetingology (19)
 * bdmurray (8)
 * jdstrand (3)



== Full Log ==


 19:13 <xnox> #startmeeting DMB Meeting

 19:13 <meetingology> Meeting started Mon Sep  8 19:13:01 2014 UTC.  The chair is xnox. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 19:13 <meetingology> 

 19:13 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 19:13 <jdstrand> oh I did

 19:13 <jdstrand> sorry!

 19:13 <xnox> jdstrand: welcome to DMB meeting =) wanna chair?! =)

 19:13 <jdstrand> heh

 19:13 <xnox> i'm not sure if we have any actions from past meetings.

 19:14 <xnox> So i think we can just continue through to applications

 19:14 <stgraber> those usually end up with me and I'm not aware of anything I forgot to do :)

 19:14 <xnox> #topic - PPU application Louis Bouchard

 19:14 <caribou> Hello everyone

 19:14 <xnox> caribou: hola! Welcome to DMB meeting. Could you please say hi and a few words about yourself and your application today?

 19:15 <caribou> Sure, my name is Louis Bouchard,

 19:15 <caribou> I have been involved with the ubuntu project directly for a bit more than 3 years

 19:16 <caribou> I have been a contributing developer for over a year now. I am was doing sponsored maintenance of makedumpfile on Debian for over 2 years

 19:16 <caribou> and I am now the official Debian Maintainer. I'm doing my best to keep the delta b/w Debian & Ubuntu to Null

 19:17 <caribou> I've also been involved on sosreport for more than a year and am part of the upstream development team

 19:17 <caribou> I am applying today for upload rights on those two packages : sosreport & makedumpfile

 19:18 <caribou> the intent being to be involved on both Debian & Ubuntu activities and to keep the gap as small as possible between both

 19:19 <stgraber> caribou: are you a DM for both package or just makedumpfile?

 19:19 <xnox> and as per https://ftp-master.debian.org/dm.txt you do have DM rights to upload those two packages in Debian already. (

 19:19 <stgraber> that answers my question :)

 19:19 <xnox> i granted sosreport DM rights to caribou in Debian.

 19:19 <xnox> )

 19:20 <stgraber> caribou: are you subscribed to ubuntu-devel-announce?

 19:20 <caribou> Currently just for makedumpfile as sosreport has no official DM. I'm working with Adam Stokes to fix that up

 19:20 <caribou> stgraber: I thought I was, then recently discovered that I was no longer; just ubuntu-devel.

 19:21 <xnox> caribou: .... there are no email notifications, but you have been granted upload rights for sosreport.

 19:21 <stgraber> ok, please make sure you subscribe to ubuntu-devel-announce

 19:21 <stgraber> caribou: are any of those packages seeded?

 19:21 <caribou> stgraber: sosreport is seeded on the ubuntu-server image

 19:22 <caribou> stgraber: done

 19:22 <stgraber> good :)

 19:23 <stgraber> caribou: why do we carry a delta on sosreport?

 19:23 <caribou> stgraber: right now, upstream is at 3.2-alpha and Utopic is at 3.1.1 plus a few patches which are backport of 3.2-alpha

 19:24 <caribou> stgraber: the delta is mainly to make some of the data collection submitted upstream available to Ubuntu faster, especially for the technical support people using sosreport

 19:24 <caribou> stgraber: which rely on this tool daily

 19:24 <caribou> stgraber: many of those upstream fixes are coming from them

 19:25 <stgraber> cool

 19:25 <stgraber> xnox: no further question, ready to vote

 19:25 <caribou> stgraber: FYI, turns out that I *am* subscribed to ubuntu-devel-announce :-)

 19:25 <xnox> bdmurray: any more questions from you?

 19:26 <xnox> caribou: yeah, please stop sorting that to /dev/null then ;-) *giggle*

 19:26 <caribou> xnox: will do :)

 19:27 <stgraber> did we losoe Brian? :)

 19:27 <bdmurray> caribou: are you subscribed to bugs about sosreport and makedumpfile?

 19:28 <caribou> bdmurray: I'm affraid not, as I realized this morning after asking for a new makedumpfile bug to be created & didn't get any notice

 19:29 <xnox> caribou: please subscribe to those two packages - both on launchpad (for ubuntu) and BTS (for debian)

 19:29 <bdmurray> caribou: it sounds like you plan on fixing this though, rigth?

 19:29 <caribou> bdmurray: indeed (for Ubuntu as it seems to be already the case for BTS)

 19:30 <caribou> bdmurray: again, this might be a case where I am but forgot : I'm just checking my mail for today & see that the new makedumpfile email is in

 19:31 <bdmurray> caribou: you aren't currently - https://launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/sosreport

 19:31 <bdmurray> see the "Subscribers" portlet

 19:32 <bdmurray> that's it from me

 19:32 <caribou> bdmurray: indeed, but a team I belong to is, which is why I get them. I will make sure to subscribe as an individual as well

 19:33 <xnox> ok. no questions from me.

 19:33 <stgraber> let's vote then (partial vote though as we said earlier)

 19:34 <xnox> #vote Please vote whether you are in favor to grant caribou PPU rights for sosreport & makedumpfile

 19:34 <meetingology> Please vote on: Please vote whether you are in favor to grant caribou PPU rights for sosreport & makedumpfile

 19:34 <meetingology> Public votes can be registered by saying +1, +0 or -1 in channel, (for private voting, private message me with 'vote +1/-1/+0 #channelname)

 19:34 <stgraber> +1

 19:34 <meetingology> +1 received from stgraber

 19:35 <bdmurray> +1

 19:35 <meetingology> +1 received from bdmurray

 19:36 <xnox> +1

 19:36 <meetingology> +1 received from xnox

 19:36 <xnox> #endvote

 19:36 <meetingology> Voting ended on: Please vote whether you are in favor to grant caribou PPU rights for sosreport & makedumpfile

 19:36 <meetingology> Votes for:3 Votes against:0 Abstentions:0

 19:36 <meetingology> Motion carried

 19:37 <xnox> please note that Motion is not carried yet, as we do not have quorum. Remaining dmb members will ask further questions via email

 19:37 <xnox> and/or vote via email.

 19:37 <caribou> Thank you all, I'll be waiting for emails later on

 19:37 <xnox> caribou: thanks a lot for your time today, and stay tuned on the emails =)

 19:37 <caribou> xnox: sure

 19:38 <xnox> #topic Core Dev application Dann Frazier

 19:38 <xnox> dannf: Hello! Thanks for waiting. Please introduce yourself and your application =)

 19:38 <dannf> hey, I'm dann frazier - 14 year DD where I've served on the kernel, stable release and security teams. I've been a contributor to Ubuntu for about 4 years. These days I'm mostly working on arm64/server stuff - hardware enablement/porting, and random bug fixing.

 19:38 <dannf> My contributions are generally random bug fixing/enablement patches (vs. introducing new packages, etc), and tend to be a bit all over the place (though normally in main).

 19:39 <dannf> I'm not an existing Ubuntu member - which I presume suspect makes going straight for CoreDev a bit optimistic, but it does seem to be the level of permission I'd need to do the type of work I do. I'm open to other starting point recommendations if I'm overshooting.

 19:39 <dannf> https://wiki.ubuntu.com/DannFrazier/CoreDeveloperApplication

 19:39 <dannf> And yes, I'm subscribed to u-d-a :)

 19:39 <dannf> </intro>

 19:41 * stgraber checks the package list to see if coredev is actually required

 19:42 <xnox> stgraber: i've sponsored d-i components from dannf before, and all of them are in main.

 19:42 <xnox> and i don't think just server seed would be enough to upload d-i, let me check.

 19:42 <dannf> flash-kernel tends to be a heavy contribution point for me, but i do think that'll slow down as we see more uefi based systems

 19:42 <stgraber> coredev makes sense, there are a couple that are in virt/server but most of the packages listed are in core and should stay there

 19:43 <stgraber> dannf: I'm assuming that as a DD you'll keep trying to get as much of that work done in Debian and prefer syncs into Ubuntu over adding extra delta?

 19:43 <dannf> stgraber: yes, always have, and always plan to :)

 19:43 <stgraber> good :)

 19:44 <stgraber> dannf: same question as caribou, are you subscribed to ubuntu-devel-announce?

 19:44 <dannf> stgraber: yep, for at least year

 19:45 <stgraber> dannf: do you know how to check whether uploading a package will affect a media which may be in the middle of a milestone release?

 19:47 <dannf> stgraber: good question. i don't know of an *easy* way. most everything i do is netboot oriented, and i know how to check that - but not sure how to check for ISO impact w/o inspecting an ISO

 19:47 <stgraber> dannf: seeded-in-ubuntu <source name>

 19:47 <xnox> dannf: can you describe SRU process briefly in your own words - what stages/steps does it go through and what needs to happen at each stage/step?

 19:47 <dannf> xnox: sure.

 19:48 <dannf> 1) bug gets filed 2) bug gets nominated for the impacted stable releases (i e-mail the ubuntu-bugcontrol LP list to request this)

 19:48 <dannf> (my numbers aren't necessarily in order, since somethings can happen in parallel)

 19:49 <dannf> 3) fix gets applied to the current devel release (if applicable)

 19:49 <dannf> 4) patch/MP added to bug for SRU, description altered to match the SRU template

 19:49 <dannf> [Impact], [Test Case], [Regression Potential]

 19:50 <dannf> upload gets sponsored, uploaded to proposed

 19:50 <dannf> 5^

 19:50 <dannf> 6) verification in proposed occurs, tag switches from verification-needed to verification-done after testing

 19:50 <dannf> 7) if everything test ok/risk of regression deemed reasonable, propagation occurs to updates

 19:51 <xnox> dannf: does package get published in -proposed straight away after an upload?

 19:52 <dannf> xnox: right, no - they sit in a queue awiting review from the SRU team

 19:53 <xnox> ok.

 19:55 <xnox> dannf: how are you planning to minimize existing divergence from upstreams? What if ubuntu is diverged from both upstream and debian - which divergence would you try to minimise?

 19:55 <xnox> (me asking RE: application form "What I like least in Ubuntu")

 19:56 <dannf> well, i guess it depends on the divergence need - but i would probably try to minimize the debian divergence vs. the upstream divergence as a normal practice (if the debian divergence itself couldn't be minimized)

 19:56 <xnox> ok.

 19:57 <xnox> bdmurray: stgraber: any more questions?

 19:57 <bdmurray> not from me

 19:58 <stgraber> nope

 19:59 <xnox> #vote granting dannf Core Developer status

 19:59 <meetingology> Please vote on: granting dannf Core Developer status

 19:59 <meetingology> Public votes can be registered by saying +1, +0 or -1 in channel, (for private voting, private message me with 'vote +1/-1/+0 #channelname)

 20:02 <stgraber> +1 [While I usually prefer people to get Ubuntu Membership and some kind of PPU before coredev, I also trust Steve and Serge's judgment. That combined with the package list being requested, coredev doesn't seem unreasonable.]

 20:02 <meetingology> +1 [While I usually prefer people to get Ubuntu Membership and some kind of PPU before coredev, I also trust Steve and Serge's judgment. That combined with the package list being requested, coredev doesn't seem unreasonable.] received from stgraber

 20:04 <xnox> +1 [please do more partman/d-i development =)]

 20:04 <meetingology> +1 [please do more partman/d-i development =)] received from xnox

 20:04 <bdmurray> +1 from me too

 20:04 <meetingology> +1 from me too received from bdmurray

 20:06 <xnox> #endvote

 20:06 <meetingology> Voting ended on: granting dannf Core Developer status

 20:06 <meetingology> Votes for:3 Votes against:0 Abstentions:0

 20:06 <meetingology> Motion carried

 20:06 <xnox> dannf: please note that Motion is not carried yet, as we do not have quorum. Remaining dmb members will ask further questions via email and/or vote.

 20:06 <dannf> cool, thanks for your consideration :)

 20:06 <xnox> dannf: thanks for you time, and keep an eye on your inbox in the coming days. =)

 20:07 <xnox> thank you everyone, we are just past the hour already.

 20:07 <xnox> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)