=== not_phunyguy is now known as phunyguy
[19:01] <rbasak> o/
[19:01] <rbasak> Who's here?
[19:01] <xypron> o/
[19:05] <sil2100> o/
[19:05] <xypron> just reached sil2100
[19:05] <sil2100> Sorry for being late, I was deep in image stuff
[19:05] <sil2100> But I'm all around now
[19:05] <xypron> :)
[19:06] <sil2100> rbasak: how many of us are here?
[19:06] <rbasak> Just us two I think :-(
[19:07] <sil2100> Let's wait a moment - if we won't be able to get a quorum today, I'd recommend handling xypron's application via e-mail
[19:08] <xypron> what is the quorum?
[19:08] <sil2100> We need 4 out of 7 DMB members available for vote
[19:09] <sil2100> In the worst case, we'll try to handle your application this week anyway
[19:11] <sil2100> rbasak: do you have any questions you'd like to ask xypron re: his application? If yes, we could start the meeting at least for the questions part, then move to the ML
[19:11] <sil2100> Others can then ask questions if needed and/or simply vote
[19:13] <rbasak> I have no questions, and my vote is +1 for Contributing Developer. Thank you for your contributions to Ubuntu, xypron!
[19:13] <xypron> Thanks for the trust given, rbasak.
[19:14] <xypron> sil2100 anything on your side?
[19:14] <rbasak> Oh, there's one outstanding request.
[19:14] <rbasak> We haven't formally worked out how to do this, but xypron, do you agree to follow the Ubuntu Code of Conduct?
[19:14] <xypron> Yes for sure.
[19:14] <rbasak> It was requested that we start getting explicit affirmation of this at application interviews.
[19:15] <rbasak> Great. Thanks :)
[19:15] <xypron> Didn't I have to sign it anyway?
[19:15] <sil2100> No questions here, +1 from me as well!
[19:15] <xypron> Thanks you both. I will leave then. Bye.
[19:15] <rbasak> You did have to sign it anyway
[19:15] <sil2100> Sure, we'll try to handle the rest as soon as possible
[19:18] <rbasak> sil2100: will you handle the email thread please? Or should I do it?
[19:18] <sil2100> rbasak: sure, I'll do it!
[19:18] <rbasak> Thanks!
[19:18] <sil2100> rbasak: btw. hum, we only have 6 members in the team, I see that Rafael deactivated himself already?
[19:28] <ddstreet> o/ looks like i'm not required this week
[19:31] <sil2100> ddstreet: o/ I think we'd need one more for quorum, so let's move this to e-mail
[19:32] <sil2100> I'll be sending something over in some moments
