=== waveform_ is now known as waveform
[16:00] <sil2100> o/
[16:00] <rbasak> o/
[16:00] <ddstreet> o/
[16:00] <sil2100> teward: are you around for the meeting today? o/
[16:01] <sil2100> I would like to start the meeting regardless of quorum, at least to maybe get the final vote for our existing application + take a look at some of the action items and also discuss the nominations for the DMB
[16:02] <teward> not really.  neck deep in Exchange at work - updating certs on it is a **pain** when it misbehaves.  ping me if you need me but otherwise send items to ML for me to vote o
[16:02] <teward> on*
[16:02] <sil2100> ACK
[16:02] <teward> sorry - random broken stuff at FT job is beyond my control >.>
[16:02] <sil2100> #startmeeting DMB meeting
[16:02] <meetingology> Meeting started at 16:02:46 UTC.  The chair is sil2100.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology
[16:02] <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick
[16:03] <sil2100> #topic DMB elections
[16:03] <sil2100> rbasak: thank you for sending our the call for nominations
[16:03] <sil2100> I think we still have one nominee so far, right..?
[16:03] <rbasak> Yes
[16:03] <rbasak> Nominations are open for a further week I think.
[16:04] <rbasak> I don't know what to do if we don't receive enough nominations. I think we may need to consult with the TB if that happens (while still trying to get more I guess)
[16:04] <sil2100> I think the e-mail mentioned 23rd as the voting time start, right?
[16:04] <rbasak> Yes, but that's conditional on having four nominations
[16:04] <rbasak> (I haven't checked the date)
[16:04] <sil2100> So I guess no action items for now then, let's see how many people are interested
[16:05] <rbasak> My intention was to allow enough time for nominations and for a public discussion period
[16:05] <sil2100> #topic Review of previous action items
[16:05] <rbasak> (taken roughly from the schedule I used last time)
[16:05] <sil2100> So we have quite a lot of action items needing reassignment
[16:06] <sil2100> Let's see which ones we can assign to the existing memebers and for which others we'll just wait for new DMB members to come in
[16:06] <sil2100> (or remove)
[16:06] <sil2100> * pkgset tooling needs full documentation and automation
[16:07] <sil2100> I think this is good to be done, but nothing critical, so I'd leave it for when we have a full squad
[16:08] <sil2100> * tsimonq2 to better document what we expect applicants to know (will be carried until mentioned)
[16:08] <sil2100> I think this one is very important and I'd like this to be picked up even now, if possible
[16:08] <rbasak> I agree and I'd be happy to do it, but I don't have the capacity in the next few weeks.
[16:08] <sil2100> This would be the first step to making the application processa  bit more standardized
[16:09] <sil2100> rbasak: let me start off on that one and then maybe pass it on to else (or do some collaborative work on it)
[16:09] <rbasak> I think with some recent applications we've had to decline, it makes sense to try and be far more specific than we have been in the past on our expectations.
[16:09] <rbasak> Sure
[16:10] <rbasak> https://wiki.ubuntu.com/RobieBasak/DMB/CoreDev is my page that I would like to expand on.
[16:10] <sil2100> #action sil2100 to better document what we expect applicants to know, at last an initial draft and then pass over to rbasak (will be carried until mentioned)
[16:10] <meetingology> ACTION: sil2100 to better document what we expect applicants to know, at last an initial draft and then pass over to rbasak (will be carried until mentioned)
[16:10] <rbasak> But IMHO it's time to take something like that and make it general and DMB-wide (figuring out what to adjust to get consensus on the way)
[16:10] <sil2100> +1
[16:11] <sil2100> We'd have to discuss the final version though, since I assume members might have different criteria
[16:11] <rbasak> Yes absolutely.
[16:11] <sil2100> So I assume the final version would need a full DMB for voting
[16:11] <rbasak> That's the hard/time consuming part, but it needs to be done
[16:11] <sil2100> Ok, moving on...
[16:11] <sil2100> * ddstreet to write up a proposal for upload access expiry following some period of disuse (will be carried until mentioned)
[16:12] <ddstreet> yes please reassign or remove it
[16:13] <sil2100> Is this still something we want to pursue? I mean, it's certainly an idea that might make things clearer, but I don't think the current no-ruleset is a problem?
[16:13] <sil2100> Taking into consideration the lack of resources right now
[16:13] <sil2100> So I'll unassign it from ddstreet but qestion is: do we still keep it for future assignemnt?
[16:14] <sil2100> I'll keep it, but without assignment for now
[16:14] <sil2100> * ddstreet edubuntu seed <-> pkgset (carried over)
[16:14] <sil2100> Was this requested by someone?
[16:17] <sil2100> Okay, leaving this one unassigned as well
[16:17] <sil2100> * ddstreet update DMB KB to clarify new contributing developers should only be added to ~ubuntu-developer-members, not to ~ubuntu-dev nor ~ubuntu-uploaders
[16:17] <sil2100> I don't think this was resolved, and I think it's good to do?
[16:18] <sil2100> Let me take that
[16:18] <sil2100> #action sil2100 update DMB KB to clarify new contributing developers should only be added to ~ubuntu-developer-members, not to ~ubuntu-dev nor ~ubuntu-uploaders
[16:18] <meetingology> ACTION: sil2100 update DMB KB to clarify new contributing developers should only be added to ~ubuntu-developer-members, not to ~ubuntu-dev nor ~ubuntu-uploaders
[16:18] <sil2100> * ddstreet update application docs and possibly DMB checklist, to make sure candidates have signed CoC before applying and before DMB approves (carried over)
[16:19] <sil2100> rbasak, teward: any of you want to take care of this one?
[16:20] <sil2100> ...ok, guess people are busy, so I'll just assign that to me for now
[16:20] <rbasak> Same as before for me - I can do it in a while but don't want to take it right now.
[16:20] <sil2100> Might take a bit for me though, possibly later this week, so still better
[16:20] <sil2100> #action sil2100 update application docs and possibly DMB checklist, to make sure candidates have signed CoC before applying and before DMB approves (carried over)
[16:20] <meetingology> ACTION: sil2100 update application docs and possibly DMB checklist, to make sure candidates have signed CoC before applying and before DMB approves (carried over)
[16:21] <sil2100> The * ddstreet schedule new election for vacant DMB seats - this is basically resolved
[16:21] <sil2100> Then there's some action items from teward, and two of those are 'done' with the only one to be carried over is '* teward follow up to get all application process wiki/docs to explain the process to be able to edit wiki pages, for applicants who don't yet have wiki edit access (carried over)', so I'll leave it as is
[16:21] <sil2100> Any questions regarding action items?
[16:22] <sil2100> Moving on!
[16:22] <sil2100> #topic Ubuntu Contributing Developers Applications
[16:22] <sil2100> So we still have an ongoing application for xypron via e-mail
[16:23] <sil2100> We need one more vote for the application to be 'handled'
[16:23] <sil2100> ddstreet: are you able to vote?
[16:23] <ddstreet> sure, can you start the vote?
[16:24] <sil2100> #vote xypron to become Ubuntu Contributing Developer
[16:24] <meetingology> Please vote on: xypron to become Ubuntu Contributing Developer
[16:24] <meetingology> Public votes can be registered by saying +1, -1 or +0 in channel (for private voting, private message me with 'vote +1|-1|+0 #channelname')
[16:24] <ddstreet> +1
[16:24] <meetingology> +1 received from ddstreet
[16:24] <sil2100> o/
[16:25] <sil2100> Rest already voted!
[16:25] <sil2100> #endvote
[16:25] <meetingology> Voting ended on: xypron to become Ubuntu Contributing Developer
[16:25] <meetingology> Votes for: 1, Votes against: 0, Abstentions: 0
[16:25] <meetingology> Motion carried
[16:25] <sil2100> ddstreet: thanks!
[16:25] <sil2100> xypron: yaay, we can add you now!
[16:25] <xypron> :)
[16:25] <sil2100> ddstreet do you want to do the additions/announcement, or would you prefer me to do the honors instead?
[16:26] <ddstreet> you please
[16:26] <sil2100> #action sil2100 to finalize xypron's Ubuntu Contributing Developer membership
[16:26] <meetingology> ACTION: sil2100 to finalize xypron's Ubuntu Contributing Developer membership
[16:26] <sil2100> #action sil2100 to announce xypron's Ubuntu Contributing Developer successfull application
[16:26] <meetingology> ACTION: sil2100 to announce xypron's Ubuntu Contributing Developer successfull application
[16:26] <sil2100> ...that's a lot of action items ;p
[16:27] <sil2100> Might need some late night coffee for that!
[16:27] <sil2100> #topic Mailing-list requests
[16:27] <sil2100> I didn't see any, so I think we're good?
[16:28] <sil2100> #topic Open TB bugs
[16:28] <sil2100> None
[16:28] <sil2100> #topic AOB
[16:28] <sil2100> Any other business, anyone?
[16:29] <sil2100> Hopefully we'll be fully staffed soon
[16:30] <sil2100> I would love for possible DMB candidates to apply by themselves, knowing that they'll have enough time during the 2 year period
[16:30] <sil2100> Okay, going once...
[16:30] <sil2100> Going twice...
[16:30] <sil2100> #endmeeting
[16:30] <meetingology> Meeting ended at 16:30:38 UTC.  Minutes at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2022/ubuntu-meeting.2022-03-07-16.02.moin.txt
[16:30] <sil2100> o/
[16:30] <rbasak> Thank you for chairing sil2100!
[16:30] <sil2100> Let me update the Agenda after my other meeting
