== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 21 Oct at 16:31 &mdash; 16:59 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2013/ubuntu-meeting.2013-10-21-16.31.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting 
=== Announcements ===
The discussion about "Announcements" started at 16:31.


=== Weekly stand-up report ===
The discussion about "Weekly stand-up report" started at 16:32.


=== Highlighted packages ===
The discussion about "Highlighted packages" started at 16:50.

  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/ruby-actionmailer-3.2.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/exif.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/geshi.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/squidclamav.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/tpp.html 

=== Miscellaneous and Questions ===
The discussion about "Miscellaneous and Questions" started at 16:51.




== Vote results ==




== Action items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * jdstrand (36)
 * mdeslaur (17)
 * chrisccoulson (11)
 * sarnold (9)
 * sbeattie (6)
 * tyhicks (6)
 * meetingology (3)
 * jjohansen (3)
 * chuck_ (1)
 * ubottu (1)



== Full Log ==


 16:31 <jdstrand> #startmeeting

 16:31 <meetingology> Meeting started Mon Oct 21 16:31:38 2013 UTC.  The chair is jdstrand. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:31 <meetingology> 

 16:31 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 16:31 <jdstrand> The meeting agenda can be found at:

 16:31 <jdstrand> [LINK] https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting

 16:31 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Announcements

 16:31 <jjohansen> \o

 16:32 <jdstrand> Ubuntu 13.10 is released. Thanks to everyone who contributed to Ubuntu security for the Saucy Salamander!

 16:32 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Weekly stand-up report

 16:32 <jdstrand> I'll go first

 16:32 <jdstrand> I'm in the happy place this week

 16:32 <jdstrand> I'll be attending a sprint next week and need to prepare for it

 16:33 <jdstrand> part of that is preliminary planning for 14.04 and 14.10

 16:33 <jdstrand> I'll also patch pilot

 16:33 <jdstrand> and have several pending updates I am working on

 16:33 <jdstrand> mdeslaur: you're up

 16:33 <mdeslaur> I'm on triage this week

 16:33 <mdeslaur> am currently publishing eglibc updates

 16:34 <mdeslaur> and will work on some other things before the sprint I'm attending next week

 16:34 <mdeslaur> that's it form me

 16:34 <mdeslaur> sbeattie: you're up

 16:34 <sbeattie> I'm on apparmor this week

 16:34 <sbeattie> I'm still working on IPC tests amongst other things there

 16:35 <sbeattie> I need to finish up the new release tasks

 16:35 <sbeattie> I suspect I'll be discussion 14.04 and 14.10 plans

 16:35 <sbeattie> that's it for me; tyhicks, you're up

 16:36 <tyhicks> I'm in the middle of looking into how kdbus can work for AppArmor and other LSMs, in general

 16:36 <tyhicks> I need a little more time with that

 16:36 <tyhicks> I have a small amount of eCryptfs maintainership stuff that I need to catch up on

 16:37 <tyhicks> and I hope to pitch in on the IPC work

 16:37 <tyhicks> that's it for me

 16:37 <tyhicks> jjohansen: you're up

 16:39 <jjohansen> I will be working on apparmor ipc again this week, I'll be coordinating with tyhicks and sbeattie. I am sure we will do a little preplanning for 14.04/14.10 and I also have to push up the patches I have queue for 3.13

 16:39 <jjohansen> I think that is it for me, sarnold your up

 16:40 <sarnold> I have one more MIR to finish -- I didn't get it done in time for including in images :( but I've made a lot of progress on it, and I'd like to finish it off before moving on

 16:41 <mdeslaur> sarnold: any idea when that'll be?

 16:41 <mdeslaur> just curious

 16:41 <sarnold> mdeslaur: I expect it by the end of the day.

 16:41 <mdeslaur> ok, cool

 16:41 <sarnold> mdeslaur: most of the code quality is quite good, I just need to determine if the authentication on the magic backdoor method is strong enough

 16:42 <mdeslaur> haha, that doesn't sound promising

 16:42 <sbeattie> hah

 16:42 <sarnold> since the magic backdoor is in vmware's hypervisors, I don't have any visibility on how well they filter it out from network traffic that might be used by other VMs or hosts or other hosts on the network, so I'd like to make sure the guests look defensive enough on their own without any help from the hypervisor.

 16:42 <mdeslaur> Now with Magic Backdoor(tm) technology!

 16:43 <sarnold> ITYM "lower costs of maintenance" or something. hehe. :)

 16:43 <mdeslaur> hehe

 16:43 <sarnold> anyway, I expect to pick up an update or two this week, depending upon which ones specifically. :) \o/

 16:43 <mdeslaur> w00t! :P

 16:44 <sarnold> yeah, it's about time you had some help. :)

 16:44 <sarnold> oof :)

 16:44 <sarnold> that's me :) chrisccoulson, your turn

 16:44 <mdeslaur> hehe

 16:44 <chuck_> gna!

 16:44 <chrisccoulson> this week, i'm working on bug 1214049

 16:44 <ubottu> bug 1214049 in Oxide "Support accelerated compositing" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1214049

 16:45 <chrisccoulson> it turns out that this is required to make viewport mode work (which is required for a useful mobile browser), as page scaling is completely broken in the non-accelerated rendering path

 16:46 <mdeslaur> cool

 16:46 <chrisccoulson> but once that's done, we're a step closer to being able to start migrating the touch browser across

 16:46 <mdeslaur> oh, sweet

 16:46 <jdstrand> chrisccoulson: did you have a chance to look at packaging at all yet?

 16:46 <chrisccoulson> i plan to spend a day getting all of the firefox builds working again this week too, as they've been neglected a bit recently

 16:46 <chrisccoulson> and there's a release next week :)

 16:47 <chrisccoulson> jdstrand, not yet. i can do that after this bug though

 16:47 <jdstrand> chrisccoulson: cool-- I'm going to try to drum up some help for you next week, and I think that might be helpful

 16:47 <chrisccoulson> thanks

 16:48 <jdstrand> chrisccoulson: any new on chromium-browser?

 16:48 <jdstrand> news*

 16:48 <chrisccoulson> heh, not yet. i'll ping chad again in a bit

 16:48 <jdstrand> thanks

 16:50 <jdstrand> chrisccoulson: did you have anything else to report?

 16:50 <chrisccoulson> jdstrand, oh, sorry. no, i'm done :)

 16:50 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Highlighted packages

 16:50 <jdstrand> The Ubuntu Security team will highlight some community-supported packages that might be good candidates for updating and or triaging. If you would like to help Ubuntu and not sure where to start, this is a great way to do so.

 16:50 <jdstrand> See https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/UpdateProcedures for details and if you have any questions, feel free to ask in #ubuntu-security. To find out other ways of helping out, please see https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/GettingInvolved.

 16:50 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/ruby-actionmailer-3.2.html

 16:50 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/exif.html

 16:50 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/geshi.html

 16:51 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/squidclamav.html

 16:51 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/tpp.html

 16:51 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Miscellaneous and Questions

 16:51 <jdstrand> fyi, I blogged about some of the good work you guys did in 13.10

 16:52 <jdstrand> which included a light primer on dbus policy

 16:52 <jdstrand> Does anyone have any other questions or items to discuss?

 16:52 <mdeslaur> jdstrand: nice blog post!

 16:52 <jdstrand> thanks!

 16:53 <jdstrand> (the blog post as about application confinement only)

 16:53 <jdstrand> if people haven't read chrisccoulson's post on oxide, it is excellent: http://www.chriscoulson.me.uk/blog/?p=196

 16:54 <mdeslaur> yes, nice blog post chrisccoulson!

 16:55 <chrisccoulson> heh :)

 16:55 <chrisccoulson> thanks

 16:59 <jdstrand> mdeslaur, sbeattie, tyhicks, jjohansen, sarnold, ChrisCoulson: thanks!

 16:59 <jdstrand> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)