== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting: https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ForumCouncilAgenda, 19 May at 18:01 &mdash; 18:21 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2013/ubuntu-meeting.2013-05-19-18.01.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

all to do tasks as last month - except elfy will work through monthly report with sef
''ACTION:'' coffeecat to deal with welcome pm
''ACTION:'' elfy to work through Monthly Report with Sef
''ACTION:'' contact us link to be elfy
''ACTION:'' RC first contact - whoever notices first
''ACTION:'' - look into 'stat' script for newsletter - FC mailing list



== Vote results ==




== Action items ==

 * coffeecat to deal with welcome pm
 * elfy to work through Monthly Report with Sef
 * contact us link to be elfy
 * RC first contact - whoever notices first
 * - look into 'stat' script for newsletter - FC mailing list



== Action items, by person ==

 * coffeecat
  * coffeecat to deal with welcome pm
 * deal
  * coffeecat to deal with welcome pm
 * elfy
  * elfy to work through Monthly Report with Sef
  * contact us link to be elfy
 * pm
  * coffeecat to deal with welcome pm
 * to
  * coffeecat to deal with welcome pm
  * elfy to work through Monthly Report with Sef
  * contact us link to be elfy
  * - look into 'stat' script for newsletter - FC mailing list
 * welcome
  * coffeecat to deal with welcome pm
 * with
  * coffeecat to deal with welcome pm
  * elfy to work through Monthly Report with Sef



== People present (lines said) ==

 * elfy (46)
 * coffeecat (16)
 * Iowan (15)
 * pleia2 (10)
 * meetingology (8)
 * welcome (0)
 * deal (0)
 * to (0)
 * with (0)
 * pm (0)



== Full Log ==


 18:01 <elfy> #startmeeting https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ForumCouncilAgenda

 18:01 <meetingology> Meeting started Sun May 19 18:01:47 2013 UTC.  The chair is elfy. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 18:01 <meetingology> 

 18:01 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 18:01 <Iowan> *not

 18:02 <elfy> nothign requiring a vote even

 18:02 <elfy> agenda is empty other than fixed items

 18:02 <elfy> and we can do that - both happy?

 18:02 <Iowan> :)

 18:02 <elfy> coffeecat ^^ ?

 18:03 <coffeecat> o/

 18:03 <elfy> you happy for the 3 of us to make the other 4 do the month's task?

 18:03 <Iowan> :D

 18:03 <coffeecat> :)

 18:04 <elfy> or shall we do what we did last month task wise except I will go through monthly report with sef ?

 18:04 <Iowan> +1

 18:05 <coffeecat> ok

 18:05 <elfy> #info all to do tasks as last month - except elfy will work through monthly report with sef

 18:06 <coffeecat> The contact us form is the most onerous. Suggest you pm the missing ones to see if one of them wants to volunteer.

 18:06 <elfy> obviously got syntax wrong there then :)

 18:06 <elfy> coffeecat: it's been fairly easy this month

 18:06 <coffeecat> lucky old you!

 18:06 <coffeecat> I get all the weird ones it seems.

 18:06 <elfy> :)

 18:07 <coffeecat> I'm happy to carry on with the welcome pm. I get one pointless reply per day.

 18:07 <elfy> #nick coffeecat to deal with welcome pm

 18:07 <Iowan> Curious why I've been getting some, too...

 18:07 <elfy> well I hate this bot then :)

 18:08 <coffeecat> Iowan - probably old ones - people who've only just worked out how to login.

 18:08 <elfy> Iowan: it'll be an admincp setting

 18:08 <elfy> or that

 18:08 <Iowan> Doesn't bother me - just curious

 18:09 <Iowan> elfy - #action?

 18:09 <elfy> possibly

 18:09 <elfy> #action coffeecat to deal with welcome pm

 18:09 * meetingology coffeecat to deal with welcome pm

 18:09 <elfy> yay

 18:10 <elfy> #action elfy to work through Monthly Report with Sef

 18:10 * meetingology elfy to work through Monthly Report with Sef

 18:10 <elfy> #action contact us link to be elfy

 18:10 * meetingology contact us link to be elfy

 18:10 * Iowan just skates by again...

 18:11 <elfy> mmm - who did first contact in RC ? was it merk?

 18:11 <Iowan> All of  us?

 18:12 <pleia2> if you don't mind, I do have a quick question for the FC (from the newsletter team)

 18:12 <coffeecat> I think it's just whoever first notices.

 18:12 <elfy> I thought merk was first - unless someone pitched up

 18:12 <elfy> pleia2: ok - give us a moment

 18:12 <elfy> #action RC first contact - whoever notices first

 18:12 * meetingology RC first contact - whoever notices first

 18:13 <coffeecat> I'll create an account name "whoever notices first" ;-)

 18:13 <elfy> anything else?

 18:13 <elfy> coffeecat: can I #action that :D

 18:13 <coffeecat> lol

 18:13 <elfy> nothing else that I can think of

 18:14 <coffeecat> nothing I can think of

 18:14 <Iowan> nothing here...

 18:14 <elfy> k

 18:14 <elfy> hi pleia2 - how can we help the newsletter team?

 18:14 <pleia2> ask ubuntu sent us a nice script for pulling weekly stats (see https://wiki.ubuntu.com/UbuntuWeeklyNewsletter/Issue312#Ask_Ubuntu_Top_5_Questions_this_week ) does the forums have the ability/desire to include something similar stats-wise?

 18:14 <elfy> mmm

 18:14 <pleia2> if not, that's fine, but I did want to reach out

 18:15 <elfy> sounds like a great idea - except last week it would likely have been the community is being ignored again :D

 18:15 <pleia2> that's ok, we try to be as non-bias as possible in reporting :)

 18:16 <pleia2> good news, bad news, whatever!

 18:16 <elfy> can we think about how we could actually try and make it work forum wise - it's a bit different there - we don't close things like AU does obviosuly

 18:16 * pleia2 nods

 18:16 <elfy> but it sounds like a good idea if we can get around what and how to do it to me

 18:16 <elfy> coffeecat Iowan ? thoughts at a first glance?

 18:17 <pleia2> we hang out in #ubuntu-news or you can just ping me once/if you have an idea

 18:17 <Iowan> make it an agenda item for next time - just as a reminder to us weak-memoried

 18:17 <elfy> yea - I can usually find you pleia2

 18:17 <pleia2> I just wanted to put the invite out there (we aren't specifically including askubuntu and excluding you! they asked and provided a script)

 18:18 <elfy> #action - look into 'stat' script for newsletter - FC mailing list

 18:18 * meetingology - look into 'stat' script for newsletter - FC mailing list

 18:18 <pleia2> thanks everyone :)

 18:18 <Iowan> that works, too...

 18:18 <coffeecat> I suppose we could go by tags - it should be straightforward to search for them - but not everyone uses tags or those who do even sensibly

 18:18 <elfy> yea coffeecat agreed - but certainly something we can look at

 18:18 <elfy> even if it's hand done once a month by mmmm

 18:18 <Iowan> gonna take some head-scratching

 18:18 <elfy> cariboo907

 18:19 <pleia2> monthly is fine too

 18:19 <elfy> cos he's not here either :p

 18:19 <coffeecat> yeah - raw data on number of new posts/threads is fairly boring.

 18:19 <elfy> pleia2: we'll have a think - thanks for coming by

 18:19 <Iowan> ban /infraction list ;)

 18:19 <elfy> coffeecat: agreed with that

 18:19 <coffeecat> lol

 18:20 <elfy> anything else?

 18:20 <elfy> anyone?

 18:21 <Iowan> nothing productive

 18:21 <coffeecat> nothing more from me

 18:21 <elfy> ok

 18:21 <elfy> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)