== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting: open discussion, 28 May at 16:03 &mdash; 16:27 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2013/ubuntu-meeting.2013-05-28-16.03.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

''LINK:'' https://blueprints.launchpad.net/~davewalker/+specs?role=approver 
''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/systemd/+bug/1185053 is the bug
''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/xen/+bug/1180396 
''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/xen/+bug/1180397 
''ACTION:'' smb to go to tech board for xen sru



== Vote results ==




== Action items ==

 * smb to go to tech board for xen sru



== Action items, by person ==

 * smb
  * smb to go to tech board for xen sru



== People present (lines said) ==

 * zul (48)
 * Daviey (17)
 * smoser (16)
 * smb (11)
 * plars (8)
 * meetingology (4)
 * ubottu (3)
 * TheLordOfTime (1)
 * yolanda (1)
 * utlemming (1)



== Full Log ==


 16:03 <zul> #startmeeting

 16:03 <meetingology> Meeting started Tue May 28 16:03:13 2013 UTC.  The chair is zul. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:03 <meetingology> 

 16:03 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 16:03 <zul> hi

 16:03 <zul> so lets do this

 16:03 <zul> #meetingtopic Review ACTION points from previous meeting

 16:03 <zul> arosales: around?

 16:04 <zul> if not move on to smoser

 16:04 <zul> smoser: around?

 16:04 <zul> #meetingtopic moser to reach out to juju-core and discuss what integration with ubuntu image meta data can be done for Raring.

 16:04 <zul> smoser?

 16:04 <zul> awesome:

 16:05 <zul> #meetingtopic Saucy Development

 16:05 <zul> Daviey do you want to take this part?

 16:05 <smoser> smoser here....

 16:05 <zul> ah smoser you are late

 16:05 * smoser can run meeting.

 16:06 <smoser> is that what the question was ?

 16:06 <zul> nope that action that was carried forward from the last meeting

 16:06 <zul> smoser: did you reach out to juju-core and discuss the integration

 16:06 <smoser> that was supposed to be marked done.

 16:07 <zul> ah ok ill updat it then

 16:07 <zul> smoser: can you run the Saucy development section as well?

 16:07 <smoser> um... sure.

 16:07 <smoser> saucy development..

 16:07 <smoser> we had asked that blueprints be put in working order by last friday.

 16:08 <zul> smoser: and i take that was done right?

 16:08 <smoser> so if you haven't got yours into a sane state, and set them to 'Review', please do that.

 16:08 <smoser> "like now"

 16:08 <smoser> (/me and many others are still delenquent)

 16:09 <Daviey> smoser: fancy sending a reminder to ubuntu-server ML?

 16:09 <smoser> Daviey, i can do that.

 16:09 <Daviey> smoser, jamespage and myself starting reviewing on Thursday.. and they were still kinda rough at that point

 16:09 <smoser> thats the biggest thing for saucy development

 16:09 <Daviey> We are doing another pass tomorrow

 16:09 <smoser> https://blueprints.launchpad.net/~davewalker/+specs?role=approver

 16:10 <smoser> if you have blueprints you're planning on working on in 13.10, they should be on that list, and start woith 'servercloud-s'

 16:10 <smoser> and if you have work that you are expecting to do in Ubuntu that is *not* on that list, then ideally you'd get it covered.

 16:10 <smoser> i think that is all.

 16:11 <zul> ok cool

 16:11 <zul> #meetingtopic Ubuntu Server Team Events

 16:11 <zul> any upcoming events?

 16:11 <zul> ODS is a long way off

 16:11 <Daviey> None that i know of.

 16:11 <zul> is our social coordinator here? jcastro?

 16:11 <Daviey> I think we have almost a month of no travel?

 16:12 <yolanda> only a month?

 16:12 <zul> enough time to pack

 16:12 <zul> moving on?

 16:13 <zul> #meetingtopic Weekly Updates & Questions for the QA Team (plars)

 16:13 <zul> hi plars

 16:13 <plars> Hi

 16:13 <zul> anything to bring up?

 16:13 <plars> Main thing for today is that server images from yesterday work, but not today's

 16:13 <plars> it's under investigation

 16:13 <plars> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/systemd/+bug/1185053 is the bug

 16:13 <Daviey> plars: hmm, any detail?

 16:13 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1185053 in systemd (Ubuntu Saucy) "Saucy server images do not boot for 20130528" [Critical,Triaged]

 16:13 <Daviey> ah

 16:14 <plars> if pitti is correct, the fix might already exist for it

 16:14 <plars> fingers crossed

 16:14 <zul> since when do we have systemd?

 16:15 <utlemming> fwiw, the cloud images for today do boot

 16:15 <Daviey> since it rudely swallowed up udev.

 16:15 <plars> it's not in the manifest though, is that just the source package?

 16:15 <zul> ah

 16:15 * zul shakes his fist

 16:15 <zul> anything for plars/

 16:16 <smb> Think the boot issue might be solved soon

 16:16 <Daviey> plars: thanks for the headsup

 16:16 <plars> yup

 16:16 <zul> ok next

 16:17 <zul> #meetingtopic Weekly Updates & Questions for the Kernel Team (smb)

 16:17 <zul> hi smb

 16:17 <smb> Heya

 16:17 <Daviey> How is our lovely kernel?

 16:17 <zul> any updates?

 16:17 <smb> Don't have much (beside fun with saucy too) not kernel , though

 16:17 <Daviey> smb: How is our xen looking?

 16:18 <smb> We might get some stable updates if I ever convince relevant aa's

 16:18 <zul> oooOOOO

 16:18 <zul> anything else?

 16:19 <smb> Errr hmmm...

 16:19 <smb> cannot remember. :)

 16:19 <zul> good enough for me

 16:19 <zul> #meetingtopic Weekly Updates & Questions regarding Ubuntu ARM Server (rbasak)

 16:19 <zul> rbasak around?

 16:20 <zul> i guess he aint here

 16:20 <Daviey> smb: SRU bug?

 16:21 <smb> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/xen/+bug/1180396

 16:21 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1180396 in xen (Ubuntu) "Xen stable update to 4.1.5" [Low,In progress]

 16:21 <smb> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/xen/+bug/1180397

 16:21 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1180397 in xen (Ubuntu) "Xen stable update to 4.2.2" [Low,In progress]

 16:22 <Daviey> smb: a decent upstream changelog would really help

 16:22 <smb> Daviey, In the debdiffs

 16:23 <smb> It is a bit ... err ... long

 16:23 <Daviey> smb: this might need TechBoard involvement

 16:24 <zul> #action smb to go to tech board for xen sru

 16:24 * meetingology smb to go to tech board for xen sru

 16:24 <zul> #meetingtopic open discussion

 16:24 <zul> anything else to bring up/

 16:25 <smb> Daviey, action for you to explain me how to get there :)

 16:26 <Daviey> smb: ack

 16:26 <zul> if no one has anything else same time next week

 16:26 <TheLordOfTime> zul:  pulled in from last meeting, we had a brief discussion about nginx and inclusion in main and as an option on the images.  i FORGOT last week to email the ubuntu-server ML about it, and am doing that now.  Just a brief point I wanted to mention, so the people who are here and would like to comment on the discussion are aware I'm sending out the email.

 16:26 <Daviey> thanks zul

 16:27 <Daviey> TheLordOfTime: Looking forward to that thread

 16:27 <zul> TheLordOfTime : ack

 16:27 <zul> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)