== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 16 Jun at 17:59 &mdash; 18:13 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2013/ubuntu-meeting.2013-06-16-17.59.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

''LINK:'' http://ubuntuforums.org/showthread.php?t=2146904 



== Vote results ==




== Action items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * s-fox (37)
 * elfy (12)
 * cariboo907 (9)
 * sefsef (9)
 * meetingology (5)
 * coffeecat (5)



== Full Log ==


 17:59 <s-fox> #startmeeting

 17:59 <meetingology> Meeting started Sun Jun 16 17:59:44 2013 UTC.  The chair is s-fox. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 17:59 <meetingology> 

 17:59 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 17:59 <s-fox> #voters sefsef coffeecat cariboo907 elfy

 17:59 <meetingology> Current voters: cariboo907 coffeecat elfy sefsef

 18:00 <s-fox> oh and #voters s-fox

 18:00 <s-fox> #voters s-fox

 18:00 <meetingology> Current voters: cariboo907 coffeecat elfy s-fox sefsef

 18:00 <s-fox> first item on the agenda is the new COC

 18:00 <s-fox> http://ubuntuforums.org/showthread.php?t=2146904

 18:01 <s-fox> Basically we're looking to split it up into manageable sections. We have a draft, but it really needs all of the admins to have a proper look at it

 18:01 <s-fox> here is the discussion in the admin thread - http://ubuntuforums.org/showthread.php?t=2153266&p=12692534&viewfull=1

 18:02 <s-fox> so, it isn't something to vote on but i'd like us all to have looked at it properly and make it live on july 1st

 18:02 <s-fox> any comments?

 18:02 <sefsef> I agree. Would like to have a look at it before voting on it

 18:02 <elfy> only that, that suits me

 18:03 <s-fox> coffeecat and cariboo907  ?

 18:03 <coffeecat> I think we're almost there. Just a few details to check imo

 18:03 <elfy> agreed - but I want all of us to have done so

 18:04 <s-fox> so would you agree it isn't unreasonable to have it checked out and live by july 1st?

 18:04 <cariboo907> I agree with coffeecat

 18:04 <cariboo907> +1 to that

 18:04 <s-fox> okay, good :)

 18:04 <coffeecat> +1 to check it out and go live by 1st July.

 18:05 <s-fox> #agreed Have ALL admins look at the new COC and make it live by July 1st

 18:05 <s-fox> hmm, lol

 18:05 <s-fox> anyway, next item is the UWN stuff for pleia2

 18:05 <s-fox> She wants us to contribute to it with forums related information.

 18:06 <s-fox> We've talked about it, but cannot do it until Canonical actively start looking at the vBulletin API.

 18:06 <elfy> not want so much as made the offer

 18:06 <s-fox> She volunteered us?

 18:06 <s-fox> hmm

 18:06 <sefsef> so this is more for the future?

 18:06 <s-fox> Anyway, we can't do anything until canonical look at the api.  sort of out of our hands.

 18:06 <elfy> no - s-fox - she asked if we wanted to

 18:07 <cariboo907> that's my impression

 18:07 <s-fox> Okay :)

 18:08 <s-fox> So after some discussion we're going to shelve it for the time being and pick it up in future

 18:08 <elfy> yep

 18:08 <sefsef> +1

 18:08 <cariboo907> yep2

 18:08 <coffeecat> agreed

 18:08 <s-fox> Well that is all the items.  anything else anyone wants to bring up while we are here?

 18:08 <s-fox> or can i beat my own record of shortest meeting ever? :)

 18:09 <sefsef> new record has been set

 18:09 <elfy> just the tasks

 18:09 <cariboo907> what about division  of tasks?

 18:09 <s-fox> oh yes,  are we happy to keep them as they are, or do we want to mix it up again?

 18:09 <s-fox> what do you guys want to do?

 18:09 <sefsef> keep them for now...maybe change every year or six months.

 18:10 <coffeecat> I'm happy with keeping mine for now.

 18:10 <elfy> sefsef: really? no thanks

 18:10 <s-fox> sefsef:  forgive me, but have you done one the reports yet?

 18:10 <sefsef> yes with elfy

 18:10 <elfy> someone else can get the mails

 18:10 <sefsef> a bit of a pain to do

 18:10 <elfy> please

 18:10 <s-fox> i can do the emails elfy

 18:10 <elfy> ok

 18:10 <s-fox> who wants to do the report, coffeecat or cariboo907  maybe?

 18:11 <s-fox> or i can help you guys if you're not sure

 18:11 <cariboo907> I'll do the report

 18:11 <s-fox> cool. thanks cariboo907

 18:11 <s-fox> do you need any help?

 18:11 <cariboo907> I've done it several times before, but thanks

 18:12 <s-fox> okay, thats good to know.  if you do need help then holler ;)

 18:12 <elfy> I think we need to look at how we do it at some point - lot of silly steps

 18:12 <cariboo907> I will :)

 18:12 <s-fox> right, i think that is the tasks done so going to end the meeting unless anyone objects

 18:13 <elfy> fine with me

 18:13 <cariboo907> +1 to end the meeting

 18:13 <sefsef> +1

 18:13 <coffeecat> +1

 18:13 <s-fox> oh yeah, minor announcement - We've got new mods. Watch out ;) haha

 18:13 <sefsef> haha

 18:13 <s-fox> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)