#title #ubuntu-meeting Meeting

Meeting started by czajkowski at 17:22:45 UTC.  The full logs are
available at
http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2013/ubuntu-meeting.2013-02-07-17.22.log.html
.



== Meeting summary ==

 *DMB catch up
''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/DeveloperMembershipBoard/Agenda "After the meeting"  (Laney, 18:01:50)
''ACTION:'' czajkowski mail the docs team again and reschedule meeting  (czajkowski, 18:08:42)



Meeting ended at 18:10:42 UTC.



== Votes ==




== Action items ==

 * czajkowski mail the docs team again and reschedule meeting



== Action items, by person ==

 * czajkowski
 ** czajkowski mail the docs team again and reschedule meeting



== People present (lines said) ==

 * Laney (52)
 * dholbach (36)
 * czajkowski (31)
 * pleia2 (18)
 * bdrung (18)
 * meetingology (4)
 * cprofitt (1)



== Full Log ==


 17:22:45 <czajkowski> #startmeeting

 17:22:45 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Feb  7 17:22:45 2013 UTC.  The chair is czajkowski. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 17:22:45 <meetingology> 

 17:22:45 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 17:22:46 <dholbach> thanks bdrung, Laney

 17:22:51 <czajkowski> #topic DMB catch up

 17:23:09 <czajkowski> bdrung: Laney how are things in the life of the DMB these days?

 17:23:55 <dholbach> Are you both up for reelection right now?

 17:24:02 <bdrung> dholbach: yes

 17:24:40 <dholbach> Looking back at your last term, how did you feel did the DMB generally cope with their tasks?

 17:24:51 <bdrung> czajkowski: the team is working nicely together, but our decisions are controversial (see discussions on ubuntu-devel mailing list)

 17:25:18 <dholbach> bdrung, is the general workload all right?

 17:25:20 <Laney> i think we achieved some good things on process

 17:25:38 <Laney> but work is ongoing

 17:26:01 <dholbach> Laney, can you give us a few bullet points? (for those not watching the DMB closely)

 17:26:17 <czajkowski> bdrung: aye we'll come back to that

 17:26:42 <bdrung> dholbach: the workload is all right, but we could be more proactive (in case of expected deferrals)

 17:26:52 <Laney> we made it easier to modify packagesets

 17:27:19 <Laney> made their definitions more precise (to facilitate this)

 17:27:25 <bdrung> * making it easier for DD to get PPU rights

 17:28:00 <Laney> we'll be voting at our next meeting on granting the kernel team the right to manage their packageset

 17:28:09 <dholbach> ah, nice

 17:28:20 <Laney> as a result of being proactive on that at UDS

 17:28:57 <Laney> we tightened up on our meetings as we were overrunning a lot every time previously

 17:29:05 <Laney> now it's not so much of a problem

 17:29:32 <dholbach> so you don't have to ask applicants to attend another meeting too often?

 17:29:43 <Laney> correct

 17:29:46 <dholbach> do you still handle (some of the) applications via mail?

 17:29:49 <Laney> applicants know in advance which meeting they will be heard at

 17:29:54 <Laney> in exceptional cases we can do that

 17:30:07 <bdrung> the last exception was quite some time ago

 17:30:11 <dholbach> YokoZar, welcome back

 17:30:56 <czajkowski> so coming back to what bdrung mentioned above

 17:31:08 <czajkowski> controversial decisions

 17:31:19 <dholbach> I liked the discussion on ubuntu-devel@ - there were a couple of good ideas. Are you still discussing future changes to the DMB process internally? Or do you wait until a new DMB is formed?

 17:31:21 <czajkowski> care to elaborate and tell us about that

 17:31:49 <Laney> it's felt that our criteria should be clearer

 17:32:11 <bdrung> some developers dislike that we deferred some applications.

 17:32:38 <Laney> so that people know with more certainty when they should be applying

 17:33:04 <czajkowski> defered as in ran out of time, or defered their applications as not suitable?

 17:33:14 <Laney> the latter

 17:33:58 <bdrung> defered their applications as not suitable _yet_

 17:34:21 <czajkowski> nods

 17:34:29 <dholbach> I liked Laney's suggestion of the DAT and the DMB working a bit more closely together. Do you feel there were other promising proposals?

 17:34:40 <bdrung> dholbach: yes

 17:35:04 <Laney> being proactive when there are clear issues visible a priori

 17:35:05 <dholbach> (Or in general: applicants reaching out to the DMB beforehand.)

 17:35:13 <czajkowski> so I guess I found this interesting given other boards when applications are asked to defer till more experience either come back at a later date, or appeal to the CC, I'd never seen a situation like the above take place on the mailing list,

 17:35:18 <Laney> we have to avoid collusion and groupthink though

 17:35:19 <czajkowski> is this normal?

 17:35:42 <dholbach> Laney, can you elaborate?

 17:35:47 <Laney> on which point?

 17:36:37 <dholbach> avoiding collusion and groupthink

 17:36:51 <Laney> it might be tempting to discuss concerns in advance internally

 17:36:54 <dholbach> maybe my day has been too long already, but I'm not quite sure what it means :)

 17:36:58 <Laney> and thereby come to a consensus in private

 17:37:38 <czajkowski> dholbach: tis ok am confused also

 17:38:27 <dholbach> ah ok, I guess that makes sense - I would have hoped, that everybody would just speak their mind in a prior exchange, but I guess it can't be avoided that somebody influences somebody else who hasn't made up their mind yet

 17:38:55 <Laney> if you want to redirect an applicant away in advance of a meeting you might want to discuss with your fellow members before going to the applicant

 17:39:23 <Laney> this isn't a bad thing per se, but it's not a formal vote so it should be handled properly

 17:39:47 <Laney> as it would be difficult for someone to press on when advised against by one of the people that will be considering them

 17:40:47 <dholbach> I'd hope that over time you'd find a good protocol for this, just by trying it out. :)

 17:41:04 <Laney> actually i think perhaps a consensus would be a good thing to achieve here

 17:41:24 <Laney> otherwise one person who doesn't necessarily represent the rest would be able to dissuade people too easily

 17:41:35 <Laney> something that would have to be worked out in practice i suppose

 17:42:07 <Laney> bdrung: perhaps you have another idea to add

 17:43:41 <Laney> ok, i will outline my other idea

 17:43:44 <dholbach> yeah, I can easily imagine having two people on a board, one more trusting or lenient, the other more demanding - in a discussion I'd hope they'd find a spectrum with everything between "absolute no-go" and "rubber-stamping the application"

 17:44:10 <bdrung> hm, i think we should try it out and see how it works. if someone of us has doubt about one applicant, he can raise that doubt on the dmb channel and see if someone agrees. if two people of the dmb has doubts, asking the application makes sense

 17:44:13 <Laney> it's quite simple: giving better feedback for both these soft deferrals and hard ones at a meeting

 17:44:28 <Laney> currently if we do anything it's just by email which isn't very easy for people to find

 17:44:39 <Laney> i think we could look at being more organised on this

 17:44:48 <Laney> so that, over time, the expectations become more clear

 17:44:56 <dholbach> and if one of them choses to vote -1 and the other one +1 afterwards, I guess that can't be avoided - or if you phrase your reply to the applicant before the meeting in a way which says "some of us felt you might want to look at doing a few more merges / writing a bit more about yourself in your application / come back in a month or two"

 17:45:21 <dholbach> yeah, that sounds great

 17:45:28 <Laney> i would be interested in us talking a bit about czajkowski's earlier point if you don't mind

 17:45:36 <dholbach> sure

 17:45:49 <Laney> namely why the dmb is (seen as being?) quite different from other membership boards

 17:46:48 <Laney> i don't really have much insight into the other ones but i understand that it's quite common for people to be declined membership there?

 17:46:58 <czajkowski> it happens from time to time yes

 17:47:07 <bdrung> dholbach: we require +4 for an application to succeed. so voting +0 shows doubts and -1 shows a stronger no

 17:47:24 <czajkowski> people are asked to come back again, usually with some areas to improve upon

 17:47:27 <czajkowski> and that's fine

 17:47:34 <czajkowski> more often than not they do then get approved.

 17:47:41 <dholbach> I don't know, but from my time when I did this as part of the CC, it didn't happen very often - probably some one-digit percentage

 17:47:57 <Laney> doesn't seem to me that there are any clearer standards for membership than there are for uploader applications?

 17:47:58 <dholbach> but this might have changed with the membership boards

 17:48:00 <pleia2> yeah, I wouldn't say "quite common" but it can be harder to understand what's required for approval since the scope of Membership is much broader and less concrete

 17:48:20 <pleia2> so sometimes people don't get approved because they completely lack documentation and testimonials

 17:49:19 <pleia2> presumably someone applying to DMB actually does always have a body of work they can show in some way

 17:49:30 <Laney> right

 17:49:40 <Laney> are dmb votes seen more as judgements on a person's work?

 17:49:57 <Laney> so deferrals are some kind of implicit criticism there

 17:50:27 <pleia2> as gentle as a deferral is for any of these boards, it will feel like rejection and be painful

 17:50:29 <bdrung> or does gaining upload right is more attractive than being able to call oneself ubuntu member?

 17:51:17 <dholbach> I could imagine that the review of the DMB is much more extensive than that of a membership approving board. With good testimonials, consistent and substantial work of a cycle you can get membership.

 17:51:21 <pleia2> bdrung: I think that's highly dependent upon the person, motivations for both can vary wildly

 17:51:36 <czajkowski> pleia2: +1

 17:52:53 <Laney> people are often peturbed that the dmb goes against endorsements

 17:53:02 <pleia2> and with membership, you don't actually need it to "get your work done" (ie - upload packages directly yourself), where as upload rights I'm sure many people apply for that reason

 17:53:19 <dholbach> In the case of the DMB on the other hand you could have individual uploads inspected(?) and be asked about them. Or be asked why you didn't take part in some developers' activity. So it seems that the expectations are more concrete, even if still vague.

 17:53:26 <Laney> right - it has the blocking factor

 17:53:29 <Laney> blocking/enabling

 17:56:40 <Laney> let's leave the introspection aside

 17:57:02 <Laney> we'll see what we manage to achieve (hopefully i'll be on the board to help implement some changes)

 17:57:22 * pleia2 nods

 17:57:26 <dholbach> thanks a lot for looking into this

 17:57:38 <czajkowski> thank you

 17:57:53 <dholbach> the ideas which were brought up might take us a long way already

 17:58:03 <dholbach> and generate some further discussion and ideas :)

 17:58:38 <dholbach> is there anything you feel the CC could help you with?

 17:59:37 <bdrung> one thing come to my mind: decoupling PPU from Ubuntu membership. Would that be a good idea?

 17:59:45 <pleia2> bdrung: yes

 17:59:55 <dholbach> I think we discussed it in some mailing list discussion already

 17:59:57 <pleia2> we've discussed this a few times in the past, that tended to be the consensus

 18:00:06 * dholbach nods

 18:00:25 <Laney> we just need to implement it afaik

 18:00:30 <bdrung> so it's just a matter of implementing it

 18:00:51 <Laney> put it on the agenda

 18:01:13 <bdrung> Laney: do you or should i?

 18:01:17 <Laney> you please

 18:01:40 <Laney> oh, I just remembered something: the post meeting tasks seem quite arduous which means that people often put them off

 18:01:50 <Laney> https://wiki.ubuntu.com/DeveloperMembershipBoard/Agenda "After the meeting"

 18:02:00 <Laney> lots of tedious wiki fiddling

 18:02:07 <Laney> I wonder what fat we can trim there

 18:02:26 <czajkowski> rotating the chair

 18:02:28 <czajkowski> sharing tasks

 18:02:47 <czajkowski> cant really not add them to the LP team :)

 18:03:19 <dholbach> might be a good discussion on ubuntu-council-teams@lists.launchpad.net  :)

 18:03:21 <pleia2> Laney: as long as the minutes include approval details, the same mail can be sent to -news team as to -devel and -devel-announce

 18:03:26 <dholbach> other teams certainly have the same problem

 18:03:46 <bdrung> i find it tedious to write the meeting minutes and and team report

 18:04:08 <pleia2> bdrung: are the meeting minutes different than the team report?

 18:04:19 <dholbach> maybe using the bot more (using AGREED, using ACTION, etc) might help with that?

 18:04:23 <pleia2> for the CC they're the same, helps a lot (though still tedious)

 18:04:52 <dholbach> sorry, I have got to run - thanks a lot everyone - and bdrung, Laney: if you feel the CC or I can help with anything we discussed earlier, please let me know

 18:04:55 <dholbach> hugs!

 18:04:59 <Laney> sure

 18:05:02 <Laney> thanks a lot

 18:05:09 <bdrung> maybe the formatting is different

 18:05:21 <czajkowski> using the bot has helped a lot

 18:05:28 <czajkowski> as it does a lot of thw work for you

 18:05:41 <czajkowski> anyway moving on as we've gone over the time

 18:05:44 <czajkowski> any other comments?

 18:06:00 <pleia2> it requires a constant nagging to get people to use #action and #info (we do it for Xubuntu)

 18:06:18 <pleia2> and even I forget :)

 18:07:02 <czajkowski> do we have any actions from this meeting /

 18:07:24 <pleia2> we should figure out how to get the doc team to respond

 18:07:38 <bdrung> having one recording clerk would be nice. :)

 18:07:41 <pleia2> it's a bit worrying that no one from the core doc team even acked our email

 18:07:59 <pleia2> just a couple who work on the wiki, and said they'd come but didn't :\

 18:08:23 <czajkowski> bdrung: sharing is much better trust me

 18:08:42 <czajkowski> #action czajkowski mail the docs team again and reschedule meeting

 18:08:42 * meetingology czajkowski mail the docs team again and reschedule meeting

 18:09:03 <bdrung> czajkowski: but then i have to ask myself every time how to write the minutes and how to format them

 18:09:23 <czajkowski> bdrung: well, roating chair and perso doing the mins has worked for the Loco council

 18:09:37 <czajkowski> I really do have to head tbh

 18:10:18 <pleia2> ok, thanks everyone

 18:10:28 <cprofitt> very good conversation about the issue everyone

 18:10:42 <czajkowski> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)