== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 26 Sep at 15:03 &mdash; 15:29 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2013/ubuntu-meeting.2013-09-26-15.03.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== lightning round ===
The discussion about "lightning round" started at 15:03.


=== Final Beta ===
The discussion about "Final Beta" started at 15:20.


=== AOB ===
The discussion about "AOB" started at 15:23.

  * ''LINK:'' http://people.ubuntuwire.org/~wgrant/rebuild-ftbfs-test/test-rebuild-20130917-saucy.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://qa.ubuntuwire.com/ftbfs/ 



== Vote results ==




== Action items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * stgraber (32)
 * slangasek (27)
 * ubottu (23)
 * cjwatson (22)
 * doko (18)
 * bdmurray (13)
 * jodh (11)
 * xnox (9)
 * barry (5)
 * stokachu (4)
 * meetingology (3)



== Full Log ==


 15:03 <slangasek> #startmeeting

 15:03 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Sep 26 15:03:28 2013 UTC.  The chair is slangasek. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 15:03 <meetingology> 

 15:03 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 15:03 <slangasek> [TOPIC] lightning round

 15:03 <slangasek> $ echo $(shuf -e barry doko stgraber jodh ev bdmurray slangasek cjwatson xnox stokachu)

 15:04 <slangasek> ev stokachu doko barry cjwatson jodh stgraber xnox bdmurray slangasek

 15:04 <slangasek> and ev is on vacation this week

 15:04 <slangasek> stokachu: hi there :)

 15:04 <stokachu> hey!

 15:04 <doko> that means, short meeting =)

 15:04 <stokachu> bug 1207123 - verification done, bug 995719 - needs upload, done.

 15:05 <ubottu> bug 1207123 in gnutls26 (Ubuntu Quantal) "Key usage violation in certificate has been detected" [Medium,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1207123

 15:05 <ubottu> bug 995719 in puppet (Ubuntu Precise) "process_name.rb removed in 2.7.11 but still provided by puppet-common" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/995719

 15:07 <doko> stokachu, are you finished?

 15:08 <slangasek> anyone here speak ruby who could verify that puppet SRU and sponsor it? :)

 15:09 <stokachu> doko: yea sorry i had done. at the end

 15:10 <doko> meh, yes, I can look at that one

 15:10 <stokachu> doko <3 ruby? :P

 15:11 <doko> - fixed native gcc-4.7 bootstrap on aarch64

 15:11 <doko> - one last gcc-4.8 update for saucy

 15:11 <doko> - investigated an interaction of ld 2.24 and --as-needed or static linking

 15:11 <doko> http://gcc.gnu.org/ml/gcc/2013-09/msg00196.html

 15:11 <doko> - MIR processing

 15:11 <doko> - fixing build failures for packages in main, didn't count ...

 15:11 <ubottu> gcc.gnu.org bug 2013 in c++ "g++ 2.96: typedefs + namespaces + inheritance == problem" [Normal,Resolved: fixed]

 15:11 <doko> - aarch64 porting meeting

 15:11 <doko> - fix pythonX.Y autopkg test failures

 15:11 <doko> ubottu, you are wrong

 15:11 <ubottu> doko: I am only a bot, please don't think I'm intelligent :)

 15:11 <doko> (end)

 15:11 <barry> lp: #1196991

 15:11 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1196991 in Ubuntu system image "Support the new download dbus service" [Critical,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1196991

 15:11 <barry> done

 15:11 <barry> ;)

 15:12 <stgraber> ;)

 15:12 <cjwatson> Click:

 15:12 <cjwatson> * Arranged to run system hooks when removing packages (bug 1227681).

 15:12 <cjwatson> * Sped up system and session startup when many packages are installed (bug 1227604).

 15:12 <ubottu> bug 1227681 in click (Ubuntu) "dangling symlinks in /var/lib/apparmor/clicks" [High,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1227681

 15:12 <cjwatson> * Filtered out VCS metadata (bug 1223640).

 15:12 <ubottu> bug 1227604 in lxc-android-config (Ubuntu) "Boot speed is significantly affected by installing apps" [High,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1227604

 15:12 <cjwatson> * PackageKit API tidy-up and enhancements to show removability.

 15:12 <ubottu> bug 1223640 in click (Ubuntu) "Version control meta directories should be filtered out" [Medium,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1223640

 15:12 <cjwatson> * Implemented unregistration of preinstalled packages.

 15:12 <cjwatson> OEM bugs:

 15:12 <cjwatson> * Cleaned up most of the rest of bug 1065281.  Now reported to work at least in saucy.

 15:12 <ubottu> bug 1065281 in OEM Priority Project quantal "Installer crashed when trying to partition 4k/4k sector hard disks" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1065281

 15:12 <cjwatson> Launchpad:

 15:12 <cjwatson> * Worked on some build slave crashes / bad failure modes (bug 993642, bug 1227086 - the latter exposed by the test rebuild).

 15:12 <ubottu> bug 993642 in launchpad-buildd "Breaks if the build doesn't produce the expected changes file" [Critical,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/993642

 15:12 <ubottu> bug 1227086 in launchpad-buildd "Slaves on 32-bit architectures crash on >2GiB build logs" [Critical,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1227086

 15:12 <cjwatson> Miscellaneous:

 15:12 <cjwatson> * Backported a fix for bug 1193136, an irritation when trying to use w3m/precise with Launchpad.

 15:12 <ubottu> bug 1193136 in Canonical SSO provider "launchpad login service doesn't render in w3m (<= precise)" [Low,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1193136

 15:12 <cjwatson> * Analysed Edubuntu livefs build failure; turned out to be a subtle bug in livecd-rootfs (as well as an arguable bug in indicator-sound packaging).

 15:12 <cjwatson> * Worked with IS to migrate ubuntu-archive jobs from lillypilly to new machine (snakefruit).  Much faster, yay.

 15:12 <cjwatson> * Fixed readthedocs.org to handle bzr branches with tags again, for click.readthedocs.org.

 15:12 <cjwatson> * Some NBS tidy-up.

 15:12 <cjwatson> * Organised travel to client sprint.

 15:12 <cjwatson> ..

 15:13 <jodh> * Upstart:

 15:13 <jodh> *** Working on bug 1227212

 15:13 <jodh> ***** Improved session shutdown time dramatically.

 15:13 <jodh> ***** Currently updating tests and checking all code paths.

 15:13 <jodh> *** Presented on Upstart at LinuxCon North America and Linux Plumbers last week.

 15:13 <ubottu> bug 1227212 in upstart "Session logout takes too long" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1227212

 15:13 <jodh> Slides and LaTeX source:

 15:13 <jodh> http://people.canonical.com/~jhunt/presentations/LPC13/

 15:13 <jodh> * Misc:

 15:13 <jodh> *** Travelling Monday (and day off Tuesday to recover :)

 15:13 <jodh> ê—œ

 15:13 <jodh> 

 15:14 <stgraber> Blueprint-related work:

 15:14 <stgraber> - Image based updates (BLUEPRINT: foundations-1305-image-based-updates)

 15:14 <stgraber> - Landed the rewritten server code, everything appears to work as expected

 15:14 <stgraber> - Discussed the changes required to run private system-image servers (also applies to ports)

 15:14 <stgraber> - Reworked the list of channels and channel aliases

 15:14 <stgraber> - Updated the specification on the wiki

 15:14 <stgraber> - LXC

 15:14 <stgraber> - Serge and I are the new maintainers

 15:14 <stgraber> - Busy moving everything from sourceforge to github, working on a new website, ...

 15:14 <stgraber> - Code reviews

 15:14 <stgraber> - Working on implementing the container autostart specification

 15:14 <stgraber> - Proposed some cross-distro templates improvement for 1.0

 15:14 <stgraber> 

 15:14 <stgraber> Other work:

 15:14 <stgraber> - Linux Plumbers 2013

 15:14 <stgraber> - Organized the Containers mini-summit (waiting for video recording to be released)

 15:14 <stgraber> - Attended the Secure Boot mini-summit

 15:14 <stgraber> - Quite a lot of interesting hallway (and bar) discussions

 15:14 <stgraber> - Other

 15:14 <stgraber> - Various additions to writable-paths in Ubuntu Touch

 15:14 <stgraber> - Debugged a few issues related to upstart on current touch images

 15:14 <stgraber> - Tried to figure out what's wrong with the shutdown sequence that'd cause /userdata to remain writable, leading to dataloss

 15:15 <stgraber> - Wrote a draft spec for boot time hooks for touch

 15:15 <stgraber> 

 15:15 <stgraber> TODO (hopefully this week):

 15:15 <stgraber> - Update wiki documentation for system-image

 15:15 <stgraber> - Try to prioritize the system-image client work so we have all the bits we really need in 13.10

 15:15 <stgraber> - Write a slightly more user friendly tool to release an image from saucy-proposed to saucy

 15:15 <stgraber> - Spend some more time debugging the filesystem unmount sequence, fixing anything that needs fixing

 15:15 <stgraber> - LXC upstream work (some more bugs to move to github, website work, ...)

 15:15 <stgraber> (DONE)

 15:15 <xnox> * added logind/pam session support to ubiquity, closing off a few bugs

 15:15 <xnox> for beta images

 15:15 <xnox> * proposed ubuntu-touch & ubuntu-sdk seed restructure

 15:15 <xnox> * working on emulator, now mounting some filesystems

 15:15 <xnox> (mknod to the rescue, to get me mtdblock device nodes)

 15:15 <xnox> * gave upstart talks with james at plumbers/linuxcon, they went well

 15:15 <xnox> (a few comments / bug reports gathered from discussions there)

 15:15 <xnox> done.

 15:16 <bdmurray> bug triage of iso-testing bug reports

 15:16 <bdmurray> ubuntu-release-upgrader cruft cleanup

 15:16 <bdmurray> research into update-notifier crash notification for things that have already been reported (bug 1229856)

 15:16 <ubottu> bug 1229856 in update-notifier (Ubuntu) "kernel oops results in apport-gtk launching for every .crash file" [Medium,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1229856

 15:16 <bdmurray> research into update-manager bug 1223815, bug 1223321

 15:16 <ubottu> bug 1223815 in update-manager (Ubuntu) "At session start it always alert me: "system updated"" [Undecided,Incomplete] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1223815

 15:16 <ubottu> bug 1223321 in update-notifier (Ubuntu) "update-notifier notifies of phased-updates for which you may not be eligible" [Medium,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1223321

 15:16 <bdmurray> fixed ubuntu-release-uprader bug 1210643

 15:16 <ubottu> bug 1210643 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu Saucy) "UnsupportedDialog not displayed for an unsupported release" [High,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1210643

 15:16 <bdmurray> uploaded aptitude with fix for bug 923876

 15:16 <ubottu> bug 923876 in aptitude (Ubuntu Quantal) "FR: Limit and clean-up kernel images and headers automatically in LTS" [Undecided,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/923876

 15:16 <bdmurray> reported ubuntu-release-upgrader bug 1225016 (supported meta packages)

 15:16 <bdmurray> reported apport bug 1226776 regarding linux package hook uname check

 15:16 <bdmurray> investigation into bug 917339 and lvremove bug

 15:16 <bdmurray> investigation into bug 1024590

 15:16 <ubottu> bug 1225016 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu) "code disagrees about supported metapackages" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1225016

 15:16 <bdmurray> SRU verification of bug 923876

 15:16 <ubottu> bug 1226776 in apport (Ubuntu) "linux package hook checks uname for KernelOops" [Undecided,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1226776

 15:16 <ubottu> bug 917339 in schroot (Ubuntu) "10mount: umount: /<<CHROOT>>/dev: device is busy" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/917339

 15:16 <ubottu> bug 1024590 in update-manager (Ubuntu Saucy) "update-manager crashed with AttributeError in _on_download_changed(): 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get_value'" [Medium,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1024590

 15:16 <bdmurray> testing kernels for bug 1218004

 15:16 <ubottu> bug 1218004 in linux (Ubuntu Saucy) "Apple Wireless Trackpad causes kernel oops" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1218004

 15:16 <bdmurray> done

 15:19 <slangasek> ah, we're to me already :)

 15:19 <slangasek> * LinuxCon, Linux Plumbers Conference, UEFI Plugfest

 15:19 <slangasek> * kudos to jodh and xnox for their presentations at the conference; they led to a number of good discussions about some easy wins that would help folks trying to use upstart in the wild

 15:19 <slangasek> * lots of work on UEFI/SecureBoot: fixes to shim netboot support (v4 and v6), merged upstream and landed in saucy, RT filed to get this submitted to SysDev and signed by MS

 15:19 <slangasek> * learned that edk2's FAT driver is non-free, overlooked a license addendum when preparing the package the first time around; now moved to non-free in Debian and mulitverse in Ubuntu, so qemu doesn't get to depend on it

 15:19 <slangasek> * poking at the system-image test suite to try to work around the behavior of ubuntu-download-manager, apparently it's really hard to run a test suite when your test http server takes 2 minutes to timeout open connections

 15:19 <slangasek> * today: beta release notes

 15:19 <slangasek> (done)

 15:19 <slangasek> any questions?

 15:20 <slangasek> [TOPIC] Final Beta

 15:20 <slangasek> so the release notes are always the bit that gets done last

 15:21 <barry> the python 3.3 release note looks fine

 15:21 <slangasek> those of you who still have time left in your day today, please take a little of that time to help get the ISO testing bugs from http://iso.qa.ubuntu.com/qatracker/milestones/303/builds documented in https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SaucySalamander/ReleaseNotes

 15:22 <slangasek> and if there are cool things that we've added in saucy that you think should also be there, please add them as well!

 15:23 <doko> I don't think toolchain bits are cool enough

 15:23 <slangasek> doko: you want to upload gcc 4.8 to make it cooler? :)

 15:23 <doko> slangasek, xnox wants me to fix one more thing ...

 15:23 <slangasek> [TOPIC] AOB

 15:24 <slangasek> anything else here?

 15:24 <slangasek> did anyone think of a topic they'd like to present on today?

 15:24 <xnox> doko++ =)

 15:24 <barry> xnox: that's actually ++doko

 15:25 <doko> just keep fixing build failures ...

 15:25 <doko> http://people.ubuntuwire.org/~wgrant/rebuild-ftbfs-test/test-rebuild-20130917-saucy.html

 15:25 <doko> http://qa.ubuntuwire.com/ftbfs/

 15:26 * slangasek nods

 15:26 <cjwatson> clearing NBS and as much of proposed-migration as can be done would help too

 15:26 <cjwatson> one thing I forgot to mention: I changed proposed-migration so that the excuses are sorted by age (well, at one-day granularity, and alphabetically within that)

 15:27 <cjwatson> so when you're trying to clear out long-standing entries, you can more easily ignore noise from things uploaded recently

 15:27 <cjwatson> I find things sort of in the middle are usually the most fertile ground

 15:27 <slangasek> oh, nice!

 15:29 <slangasek> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)