== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 03 Oct at 15:06 &mdash; 15:43 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2013/ubuntu-meeting.2013-10-03-15.06.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning round ===
The discussion about "Lightning round" started at 15:08.

  * ''LINK:'' https://rt.admin.canonical.com//Ticket/Display.html?id=63860 
  * ''LINK:'' https://rt.admin.canonical.com//Ticket/Display.html?id=58019 
  * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/whoopsie/+bug/991481 
  * ''LINK:'' https://wiki.canonical.com/IncidentReports/2013-09-30-Ceph-Rebalance-Outage is the Ceph outage

=== AOB ===
The discussion about "AOB" started at 15:41.




== Vote results ==




== Action items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * ubottu (37)
 * slangasek (33)
 * stgraber (33)
 * cjwatson (28)
 * ev (23)
 * stokachu (17)
 * xnox (16)
 * jodh (10)
 * bdmurray (9)
 * meetingology (3)
 * barry (2)



== Full Log ==


 15:06 <slangasek> #startmeeting

 15:06 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Oct  3 15:06:42 2013 UTC.  The chair is slangasek. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 15:06 <meetingology> 

 15:06 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 15:08 <slangasek> [TOPIC] Lightning round

 15:08 <slangasek> $ echo $(shuf -e barry doko stgraber jodh ev bdmurray slangasek cjwatson xnox stokachu)

 15:08 <slangasek> stgraber xnox cjwatson doko barry jodh ev slangasek bdmurray stokachu

 15:09 <slangasek> stgraber: you're first :)

 15:10 <stgraber> oops, one sec

 15:10 <stgraber> Blueprint-related work:

 15:10 <stgraber> - Image based updates (BLUEPRINT: foundations-1305-image-based-updates)

 15:10 <stgraber> - Updated the specification on the wiki

 15:10 <stgraber> - Added phased-percentage support on the server side

 15:10 <stgraber> - Extended test coverage (still need tests covering the file generators)

 15:10 <stgraber> - Prioritized the work for the system-image clien in 13.10

 15:10 <stgraber> - Implemented the boot time hooks for touch (somewhere in the landing queue)

 15:10 <stgraber> - LXC

 15:10 <stgraber> - Moved all the bugs from sourceforge to github (well, fixed most of them rather than move them)

 15:10 <stgraber> - Code reviews

 15:10 <stgraber> - Some discussions with Google on cgroup management

 15:10 <stgraber> - Rewrote lxc-info to use the LXC API and show IP addresses by default.

 15:10 <stgraber> - Updated all the API based tools to check the user has control access over the container instead of failing in mysterious ways.

 15:10 <stgraber> 

 15:10 <stgraber> Other work:

 15:11 <stgraber> - Other

 15:11 <stgraber> - Quite a lot of queue reviews

 15:11 <stgraber> - Implemented a script to auto-accept unseeded packages into the archive

 15:11 <stgraber> 

 15:11 <stgraber> TODO (hopefully this week):

 15:11 <stgraber> - Get to 100% code coverage in the system-image server side tests

 15:11 <stgraber> - Write a slightly more user friendly tool to release an image from saucy-proposed to saucy

 15:11 <stgraber> - Spend some more time debugging the filesystem unmount sequence, fixing anything that needs fixing

 15:11 <stgraber> - LXC upstream work (some more bugs to move to github, website work, ...)

 15:11 <stgraber> (DONE)

 15:12 <xnox> ah.

 15:12 <xnox> skip me please.

 15:14 <slangasek> cjwatson: your turn then

 15:14 <cjwatson> Launchpad:

 15:14 <cjwatson> * Fixed resetting of non-virtual builders (bug 1232131).

 15:14 <cjwatson> * Coordinated rollout of buildd slave fixes (bug 993642, bug 1227086).  Much cleanup of broken builders following upgrade.

 15:14 <ubottu> bug 1232131 in Launchpad itself ""'BuilderVitals' object has no attribute 'failBuilder'" when trying to auto-reset builder" [Critical,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1232131

 15:14 <cjwatson> * Fixed recipe handling regression (bug 1234621) and helping to coordinate another rollout to virtual builders now.

 15:14 <ubottu> bug 993642 in launchpad-buildd "Breaks if the build doesn't produce the expected changes file" [Critical,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/993642

 15:14 <ubottu> bug 1227086 in launchpad-buildd "Slaves on 32-bit architectures crash on >2GiB build logs" [Critical,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1227086

 15:14 <cjwatson> * Uploaded apt SRUs (bug 1234691, bug 1234705), to support upgrading Launchpad production to precise.

 15:14 <ubottu> bug 1234621 in launchpad-buildd "lp-buildd crashes on recipe failures: too many values to unpack" [Critical,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1234621

 15:14 <cjwatson> Archive:

 15:14 <ubottu> bug 1234691 in apt (Ubuntu Precise) "apt-utils: Ignore APT::FTPArchive::Packages::SHA512 option" [High,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1234691

 15:14 <ubottu> bug 1234705 in apt (Ubuntu Raring) "apt-ftparchive writes SHA256 checksums in place of SHA512 in Sources" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1234705

 15:14 <cjwatson> * Arranged for generation of http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/saucy_uninst.txt and started cleaning it up.  i386 uninstallables have gone from ~80 to ~30 this week.

 15:14 <cjwatson> Click:

 15:14 <cjwatson> * Fixed crash when unregistering a preinstalled package (bug 1232066), and a regression caused by that fix (bug 1233280).

 15:14 <ubottu> bug 1232066 in click (Ubuntu) "click unregister on preinstalled app causes exception" [High,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1232066

 15:14 <ubottu> bug 1233280 in click (Ubuntu) "Permission error while removing preinstalled click before installing any other click" [High,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1233280

 15:14 <cjwatson> * Implemented fat package support.

 15:14 <cjwatson> * Extended "click info" interface to allow printing the manifest for a single package (bug 1232118).

 15:14 <ubottu> bug 1232118 in URL Dispatcher "Don't read manifest files directly" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1232118

 15:14 <cjwatson> * Forced unpacked files to be owner-writeable (bug 1232128).

 15:14 <ubottu> bug 1232128 in click (Ubuntu) "click package cannot be installed on desktop" [Medium,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1232128

 15:14 <cjwatson> Installer:

 15:14 <cjwatson> * Fixed partition recipe size calculation when partitions are reused (bug 1197766).

 15:14 <ubottu> bug 1197766 in partman-auto (Ubuntu Precise) "Different partition layout after recovery with keep home partition" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1197766

 15:14 <cjwatson> * More work on putting the pieces together for bug 1065281 in precise.

 15:14 <ubottu> bug 1065281 in OEM Priority Project quantal "Installer crashed when trying to partition 4k/4k sector hard disks" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1065281

 15:14 <cjwatson> * Improved support for various mount options (bug 978032).

 15:14 <ubottu> bug 978032 in partman-ext3 (Ubuntu Precise) "partitioning step doesn't have "discard" as a selectable mount option" [Wishlist,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/978032

 15:14 <cjwatson> Touch:

 15:14 <cjwatson> * Rearranged build-initrd.sh in initramfs-tools-ubuntu-touch to stop doing documented-unreliable things with fakeroot.

 15:15 <cjwatson> To do:

 15:15 <cjwatson> * Review Brian's chroot management branch.

 15:15 <cjwatson> * Hunt through GRUB code to try to chase down bug 1229458.

 15:15 <ubottu> bug 1229458 in grub2 (Ubuntu) "grubnetx64.efi tftp client does not work over ipv6" [High,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1229458

 15:15 <cjwatson> * Continue chasing down archive inconsistencies.

 15:15 <cjwatson> ..

 15:15 <slangasek> doko: your turn?

 15:19 <xnox> * worked on emulator:

 15:19 <xnox> - it boots into TTY now

 15:19 <xnox> - published a prebuild copy at http://people.canonical.com/~xnox/emulator.tar.xz

 15:19 <xnox> - build fully integrated into phablet branches, one simply does a build for cm_goldfish-eng device.

 15:19 <xnox> - NEXT: fix & make android LXC container boot and correctly initialise

 15:19 <xnox> * patch piloting today, mostly trying to get interesting things for saucy

 15:19 <xnox> * upstart reviews, etc.

 15:19 <xnox> ..

 15:21 <barry> system-image: lp: #1196991, lp: #1233094, lp: #1215943, lp: #1221844, lp: #1233379, lp: #1231628, lp: #1229807, lp: #1204618, lp: #1215946, lp: #1229710, lp: #1234703.  s-i 1.6, 1.7, 1.8

 15:21 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1196991 in Ubuntu system image "Support the new download dbus service" [Critical,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1196991

 15:21 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1233094 in system-image (Ubuntu) "Upgrade fail" [Undecided,Invalid] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1233094

 15:21 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1215943 in Ubuntu system image "should have a consistent "last upgrade date"" [Critical,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1215943

 15:21 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1221844 in Ubuntu system image "Support channel aliases tracking" [Critical,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1221844

 15:21 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1233379 in Ubuntu system image "Reset reactor timeout back to 10m on each non-finishing signal" [Critical,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1233379

 15:21 <barry> done

 15:22 <jodh> * upstart:

 15:22 <jodh> - Fixed bug 1227212 and bug 1089159 (uploaded as 1.10-0ubuntu3).

 15:22 <jodh> - Investigated ssh.override issue on Touch.

 15:22 <jodh> - Investigated upstart-local-bridge/upstart-property-watcher issue For

 15:22 <ubottu> bug 1227212 in upstart (Ubuntu) "Session logout takes too long" [High,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1227212

 15:22 <jodh> sergiusens. Identified a problem with an lxc pre-start but seems

 15:22 <ubottu> bug 1089159 in upstart (Ubuntu) "ADT test-suite failure" [Medium,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1089159

 15:22 <jodh> there is more work to do there.

 15:22 <jodh> * TODO:

 15:22 <jodh> - Add extra debug to upstart-local-bridge.

 15:22 <jodh> - work on overcoming ptrace limitations issue.

 15:22 <xnox> lp: #1231628, lp: #1229807, lp: #1204618, lp: #1215946, lp: #1229710

 15:22 <jodh> ê§í

 15:22 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1231628 in Ubuntu system image "Support for phased updates" [Critical,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1231628

 15:22 <xnox> lp: #1234703

 15:22 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1229807 in Ubuntu system image "auto_download setting not set to '1' by default" [Critical,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1229807

 15:22 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1204618 in Ubuntu system image "Plumb progress through DBus signals" [Critical,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1204618

 15:22 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1215946 in Ubuntu system image "_NoUpdate sends buggy UpdateFailed" [High,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1215946

 15:22 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1229710 in Ubuntu system image "Add autopkgtests" [Medium,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1229710

 15:22 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1234703 in ubuntu-system-settings (Ubuntu) "Checking for new updates puts the service out of order" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1234703

 15:23 <ev> Short week. Was on holiday in ‚Äòmerica until Monday.

 15:23 <ev> Lots of time spent getting caught up after three weeks away.

 15:23 <ev> Mostly still helping Alex bootstrap the CI team.

 15:23 <ev> Got up to speed on the Cassandra failures. We had a massive Ceph outage which knocked over Cassandra, which obviously knocked over Daisy. Reports resend every two hours, so I don‚Äôt believe we missed out on anything, but I‚Äôm still waiting on access to the production database to confirm these sorts of things:

 15:23 <ev> https://rt.admin.canonical.com//Ticket/Display.html?id=63860

 15:23 <ev> We are *way* behind on the existing retracer architectures and we still don‚Äôt have an armhf retracer for Touch. There appears to have been some work done on this while I was away, but it looks like they dropped it again. I tried following up in #webops, but we are without a vanguard. I‚Äôll touch base with James or Tom later.

 15:23 <ev> https://rt.admin.canonical.com//Ticket/Display.html?id=58019

 15:23 <ev> In anticipation of webops requesting it, I‚Äôm migrating the error tracker deployment over to juju-deployer.

 15:23 <ev> TODO:

 15:23 <ev> I need to find a replacement for gnetworkmonitor, as it waking up frequently on busy networks continues to piss people off:

 15:23 <ev> https://bugs.launchpad.net/whoopsie/+bug/991481

 15:23 <ev> I now have enough details from Acunu to finish implementing the improvements to the average errors per calendar day calculation.

 15:23 <ev> (done)

 15:23 <ubottu> Ubuntu bug 991481 in Whoopsie "Constant dns traffic for daisy.ubuntu.com" [High,Confirmed]

 15:24 <ev> https://wiki.canonical.com/IncidentReports/2013-09-30-Ceph-Rebalance-Outage is the Ceph outage

 15:25 <stgraber> ev: bah, it's only causing around 20% of the requests to my DNS servers ;)

 15:25 <ev> hah

 15:25 <stgraber> 1 request every 15s per machine on the network and I apparently have a lot of those ;)

 15:25 <cjwatson> stgraber: And your own substation?

 15:26 <xnox> ev: anti-social =)

 15:26 <slangasek> ev: retracers> thanks - I think we need to get this sorted out ASAP, it's alarming that we have no errors data at all about the phone at this stage.

 15:26 <ev> slangasek: I couldn't agree more. Any help leaning on them would be greatly appreciated

 15:27 * slangasek nods

 15:27 <xnox> ev: what events do you actually want from gnetworkmonitor? you can have whoopsie e.g. start on net-device-up, then each time a connection is established, you can retry uploading reports.

 15:27 <stgraber> cjwatson: ;) I do occasionaly run LXC load testing with around a thousand container on the same machine, all running whoppsie, then those DNS queries are pretty much the only thing I see going through the network ;)

 15:27 <ev> Or telling the other Ubuntu Engineering teams to stop taking up all of webops' time

 15:27 <slangasek> ev: I would've yelled at last week's sync call about this had I realize it still hadn't moved :/

 15:27 <cjwatson> ev: *cough*

 15:28 <ev> xnox: from memory, I'm using gnetworkmonitor to know when we're really connected

 15:28 <ev> in my testing CONNECTED_ALL or whatever the NetworkManager state was didn't convey that

 15:28 <cjwatson> ev: Hopefully I've finished getting launchpad-buildd upgraded on things for, oh, at least a few weks

 15:28 <cjwatson> *weeks

 15:28 <cjwatson> (dear GOD is that process painfully manual)

 15:28 <slangasek> * helped with getting final beta out last week

 15:28 <slangasek> * discussions about how to do freeze management for phone packages so that we're not putting up additional roadblocks to phone development for 13.10

 15:28 <slangasek> * worked with Barry on testing system-image / ubuntu-download-manager so this could land in the phone images \o/

 15:28 <slangasek> * fighting with my network, which has decided to stop passing dhcp requests reliably following a power outage over the weekend

 15:28 <slangasek> * picked at the edges of the proposed-migration queue (insighttoolkit4)

 15:28 <slangasek> * followed through on SRUs for shim update in 12.04.4

 15:28 <slangasek> * got /etc/adjtime out of our live images, since it's not used in Ubuntu and just causes confusion

 15:28 <slangasek> (done)

 15:29 <bdmurray> bug triage of update-manager, ubuntu-release-upgrader, ubiquity bugs

 15:29 <bdmurray> recreated update-manager bug 1202754

 15:29 <bdmurray> reviewed and merged apt-check (update-notifier) merge proposal speeding it up

 15:29 <ubottu> bug 1202754 in update-manager (Ubuntu Saucy) "update-manager crashed with SystemExit in exit(): 0" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1202754

 15:29 <bdmurray> worked on click chroot code

 15:29 <xnox> ev: should we refactor start.ubuntu.com/network-connectivity check from ubiquity?! =) yeah, supporting states in upstart would help here, as upon network check we could run a quick check against start.ubuntu.com and emit the state of "connected"

 15:29 <bdmurray> worked on ubuntu-release-upgrader not needing gksu

 15:29 <bdmurray> uploaded procps bug fix for bug 1150413

 15:29 <xnox> for those jobs that care about htat.

 15:29 <ubottu> bug 1150413 in procps (Ubuntu Raring) "Cannot allocate memory if process owned by user with large number of groups" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1150413

 15:29 <bdmurray> tested kernels for bug 1218004

 15:29 <ubottu> bug 1218004 in linux (Ubuntu Saucy) "Apple Wireless Trackpad causes kernel oops" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1218004

 15:29 <bdmurray> done

 15:29 <stokachu> bug 1211876 needs upload, bug 995719 needs sru approval (done)

 15:29 <ubottu> bug 1211876 in keepalived (Ubuntu Raring) "keepalived reload buggy due to improper ipv4 address comparison" [Undecided,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1211876

 15:30 <ubottu> bug 995719 in puppet (Ubuntu Precise) "process_name.rb removed in 2.7.11 but still provided by puppet-common" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/995719

 15:30 <ev> xnox: yes - networkmanager has support for something like this, but the tin foil hat crowd nixed it the last time matthieu brought it up

 15:30 <ev> if memory serves

 15:30 <slangasek> xnox: we could reimplement everything in Qt and use its network checking apis, I hear those work a treat

 15:30 <slangasek> (by which I mean, bug #1233435)

 15:30 <ev> xnox: what I'd really like is an API that I could register an address with. "Let me know when we're connected and you get this response from this URL"

 15:30 <stokachu> note: 1211876 is a high visibility bug going to mark it as high

 15:30 <ubottu> bug 1233435 in ubuntu-download-manager "u-d-m downloads stall if the network configuration changes" [Critical,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1233435

 15:31 <ev> cjwatson: *belated fist shaking*

 15:33 <slangasek> anyone want to sponsor stokachu's SRU for bug #1211876?

 15:33 <ubottu> bug 1211876 in keepalived (Ubuntu Raring) "keepalived reload buggy due to improper ipv4 address comparison" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1211876

 15:33 <slangasek> stgraber, maybe you could have a look?

 15:34 <stokachu> bdmurray: would you mind looking over bug 995719 for approval?

 15:34 <ubottu> bug 995719 in puppet (Ubuntu Precise) "process_name.rb removed in 2.7.11 but still provided by puppet-common" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/995719

 15:34 <bdmurray> stokachu: I'll have a look today

 15:34 <stokachu> bdmurray: thanks man

 15:35 <slangasek> stokachu: bug #995719, you say there should be no regression.  So it's not possible that something will be relying on this behavior?

 15:35 <ubottu> bug 995719 in puppet (Ubuntu Precise) "process_name.rb removed in 2.7.11 but still provided by puppet-common" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/995719

 15:36 <stokachu> slangasek: nothing should be calling it directly, think of it more like a background job keeping up the process names

 15:36 <stgraber> slangasek: yep, can do

 15:36 <slangasek> stokachu: so nothing can be relying on those process name changes?

 15:36 <stokachu> slangasek: nothing in puppet does, no

 15:37 <slangasek> well, but what about things outside of puppet?

 15:37 <slangasek> these are the questions we ask for SRUs :)

 15:37 <stokachu> its not an external api so nothing would be calling it directly

 15:38 <slangasek> but something external to puppet could be relying on the process name updates

 15:38 <stokachu> everyone ive interacted with either manually deletes this or has a puppet config that ensures that file doesn't exist

 15:38 <stokachu> even IS does it

 15:38 <stgraber> sto they all look good to me, will upload those 3 in a minute

 15:39 <stgraber> stokachu: ^

 15:39 <stokachu> stgraber: thanks man

 15:39 <slangasek> stokachu: that doesn't mean that /everyone/ does it, just the people who are smart enough to be in your friends list :)  we have to consider the SRU implications for those not following best practices, too

 15:39 <stokachu> slangasek: yea im trying to think of what kind of use case would do this

 15:40 <stokachu> slangasek: to help me pinpoint where there might be a problem

 15:40 <slangasek> anyway, we can follow up on that out of band

 15:40 <stokachu> do we have any puppet experts here?

 15:40 <stokachu> ok

 15:40 <slangasek> I'd try the server team for puppet expertise

 15:41 <stokachu> ok ill ask around and see

 15:41 <slangasek> [TOPIC] AOB

 15:41 <slangasek> any other topics?

 15:41 <stgraber> stokachu: all uploaded

 15:42 <stokachu> stgraber: thanks again

 15:43 <stokachu> stgraber: want me to unassign sponsors now?

 15:43 <slangasek> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)