#title #ubuntu-meeting Meeting

Meeting started by pleia2 at 17:03:25 UTC.  The full logs are available
at
http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2013/ubuntu-meeting.2013-03-21-17.03.log.html
.



== Meeting summary ==

 *Translations team check-in
''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/Translations/Meetings/2013-03-21#   (teolemon, 17:05:52)
''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/Translations/Meetings/2013-03-21   (teolemon, 17:05:56)
''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/Translations/KnowledgeBase/DDTP   (teolemon, 17:15:30)
''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ddtp-ubuntu/+bug/869824   (teolemon, 17:19:18)
''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ddtp-ubuntu/+bug/1106174   (teolemon, 17:23:55)
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~dpm/stats/ubuntu-12.10-translation-stats.html   (teolemon, 17:26:41)
''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/Membership is the guide towards it  (dholbach, 17:29:46)

 *Membership Boards catch-up
''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/Membership/Boards/SittingMembers   (pleia2, 17:46:12)
''ACTION:'' dholbach to send a mail to the ubuntu council teams list to check the other councils/boards who's expiring in the S cycle  (pleia2, 17:55:01)
''ACTION:'' pleia2 to send out call for nominations for membership boards  (pleia2, 17:55:15)

 *other business



Meeting ended at 18:05:46 UTC.



== Votes ==




== Action items ==

 * dholbach to send a mail to the ubuntu council teams list to check the other councils/boards who's expiring in the S cycle
 * pleia2 to send out call for nominations for membership boards



== Action items, by person ==

 * dholbach
 ** dholbach to send a mail to the ubuntu council teams list to check the other councils/boards who's expiring in the S cycle
 * pleia2
 ** pleia2 to send out call for nominations for membership boards



== People present (lines said) ==

 * teolemon (90)
 * pleia2 (72)
 * dholbach (65)
 * czajkowski (23)
 * hannie (21)
 * Pendulum (20)
 * Gwaihir (9)
 * trijntje (8)
 * meetingology (7)
 * cqfd93 (5)
 * YoBoY (5)
 * ScottK (4)
 * jcastro (3)
 * cjohnston (3)
 * beuno (2)
 * ubottu (2)
 * cprofitt (0)



== Full Log ==


 17:03:25 <pleia2> #startmeeting

 17:03:25 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Mar 21 17:03:25 2013 UTC.  The chair is pleia2. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 17:03:25 <meetingology> 

 17:03:25 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 17:03:35 <pleia2> welcome to the Community Council meeting :)

 17:04:02 <pleia2> #chair dholbach Gwaihir czajkowski beuno cprofitt

 17:04:02 <meetingology> Current chairs: Gwaihir beuno cprofitt czajkowski dholbach pleia2

 17:04:08 <dholbach> it seems like we have 3 translation team members here at least already - shall we start with them? :)

 17:04:25 <dholbach> and maybe round up the membership board folks in the meantime?

 17:04:30 <pleia2> sure

 17:04:33 <dholbach> perfect

 17:04:35 <pleia2> #topic Translations team check-in

 17:04:45 <Pendulum> I'm here. I'm not sure if anyone else from the membership boards

 17:04:50 <Pendulum> could make it

 17:04:54 <pleia2> Pendulum: great :)

 17:05:10 <dholbach> welcome teolemon, cqfd93, hannie - anyone else here from the translations team?

 17:05:16 <dholbach> how are you all doing?

 17:05:33 <hannie> thanks dholbach doing fine

 17:05:38 <dholbach> did you have some discussions about the things we talked about in our last meeting?

 17:05:45 <cqfd93> thanks. doing fine

 17:05:47 <teolemon> i pulled smg together

 17:05:51 <teolemon> this afternoon

 17:05:52 <teolemon> https://wiki.ubuntu.com/Translations/Meetings/2013-03-21#

 17:05:56 <teolemon> https://wiki.ubuntu.com/Translations/Meetings/2013-03-21

 17:05:57 <pleia2> smg?

 17:06:01 <teolemon> something

 17:06:13 <pleia2> teolemon: oh that's great

 17:06:22 <czajkowski> that's very useful thanks

 17:07:02 <pleia2> so we tried to get together a chat with dpm after last meeting, but he's been super busy and we weren't able to coordinate something between the time he replied and then went off on vacation (not sure when he's due back)

 17:07:17 <dholbach> next week AFAIK

 17:07:25 <dholbach> I love some of the ideas on the wiki page

 17:07:45 <teolemon> for me i'm doing fine

 17:08:00 <hannie> David Planella: I am currently out of the office until Mon 25th March 2012.

 17:08:08 <teolemon> we're happy to report we've finished translating DDTP MAIN

 17:08:13 <teolemon> MULTIVERSE

 17:08:15 <teolemon> and

 17:08:20 <teolemon> RESTRICTED

 17:08:23 <dholbach> YES

 17:08:31 <cqfd93> we're still working on main :-)

 17:08:38 <teolemon> 400 strings

 17:08:42 <teolemon> come on :-)

 17:08:42 <dholbach> that must have been lots of work

 17:08:48 <hannie> teolemon, congratulations. It is quite a job

 17:08:53 <dholbach> do you feel like the list on the wiki page is complete or at least lists the most important problems?

 17:08:56 <pleia2> oh, which translations teams are you from?

 17:09:02 <teolemon> we've used automated translations from Google Translator Kit

 17:09:15 <YoBoY> pleia2, french

 17:09:20 <hannie> dholbach, I just replied to the translators list on that subject

 17:09:27 <cqfd93> french (Sylvie Gallet)

 17:10:09 <teolemon> the pad is bugging a lot

 17:10:16 <teolemon> there are some extra spaces

 17:10:20 <teolemon> i can't remove

 17:11:08 <dholbach> thanks for replying on the mailing list, but I just meant https://wiki.ubuntu.com/Translations/Meetings/2013-03-21# - do you think that's complete and lists the biggest issues you're looking at right now?

 17:11:36 <hannie> ah, sorry

 17:11:39 <Gwaihir> there's a couple of things in there that I guess will not easy fixable, if at all... .-/

 17:11:52 <Gwaihir> the fuzzy thing is the first that comes to my eye

 17:12:17 <dholbach> maybe it'd make sense to sort it by priority and then start commenting as a team and see what we can do about them

 17:12:41 <hannie> good idea

 17:12:48 <dholbach> for example the DDTP questions might be something where mvo could shed some light on

 17:12:55 <Gwaihir> that makes sense, yes

 17:13:06 <dholbach> and the GSoC idea is great

 17:13:20 <Gwaihir> yes, he usually was involved in the past about that, I actually thought that that problem was already sorted out

 17:13:22 <dholbach> ... if Ubuntu will be picked as a mentoring organisation

 17:13:23 <pleia2> so, it looks like jcastro can add folks to the trello board - can those who want access bug him? :)

 17:13:34 <pleia2> (we'll sort out admin after dpm gets back)

 17:13:59 <jcastro> yeah

 17:14:02 <jcastro> I can add whoever

 17:14:07 <teolemon> also an item about scaling our process for the ddtp to all languages, and engage globally with Debian

 17:14:17 <teolemon> yes please

 17:14:31 <teolemon> i'd like to update it

 17:14:36 <dholbach> is there any of the topics you'd particularly like to talk about or where you'd like to get some help with?

 17:14:56 <hannie> Yes, Nightmonkey

 17:15:30 <teolemon> a bunch of links about the ddtp

 17:15:30 <teolemon> https://wiki.ubuntu.com/Translations/KnowledgeBase/DDTP

 17:15:31 <jcastro> I just need to know which accounts to elevate?

 17:15:40 <teolemon> pierre.slamich@gmail.com

 17:16:11 <teolemon> @pierreslamich

 17:16:11 <meetingology> teolemon: Error: "pierreslamich" is not a valid command.

 17:16:47 <Gwaihir> hannie, does Nightmonkey work or it has the same timeout problem?

 17:17:26 <hannie> Nightmonkey is not working anymore, which is very sad, see https://wiki.ubuntu.com/Nightmonkey

 17:17:40 <teolemon> LP still has the timeout issue

 17:17:47 <teolemon> it works for restricted

 17:17:56 <teolemon> kinda works for multiverse

 17:18:04 <teolemon> and doesn't for main and universe

 17:18:11 <dholbach> do you know if there's a bug filed for the issue?

 17:18:16 <teolemon> yes

 17:18:17 <czajkowski> teolemon: many of the times outs that are tagged critical should be fixed in the coming months

 17:18:19 <dholbach> might be worth linking it in the wiki

 17:18:26 <czajkowski> we're down to the last 100 crtical bugs

 17:18:27 <pleia2> czajkowski: yay!

 17:18:28 <teolemon> linked in the page

 17:18:47 <czajkowski> but if you have a specific bug numbe rI can follow up on that for you and see when it will be fixed.

 17:18:48 <teolemon> i hope to live long enough to see it solved :-)

 17:19:06 <cqfd93> :-)

 17:19:13 <czajkowski> we had over 300 :)

 17:19:17 <czajkowski> so we're doing well

 17:19:18 <teolemon> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ddtp-ubuntu/+bug/869824

 17:19:21 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 869824 in Launchpad itself "Doing a search in the ddtp-ubuntu project's translations templates times out" [Critical,Triaged]

 17:19:53 <hannie> My collegue, Redmar, has written a nifty program to sort ddtp on popularity

 17:20:13 <czajkowski> wil follow up on that tomorrow and let folks know when approximately it will get looked at

 17:20:20 <teolemon> does he have the rights to sort it ?

 17:20:41 <teolemon> my understanding is that the ddtp templates haven't been updated

 17:20:47 <hannie> teolemon, it can be sorted offline

 17:20:54 <teolemon> and reuploaded ?

 17:21:11 <hannie> that's not (yet) possible

 17:21:43 <teolemon> as we use automated suggestions from the bogus project, we translate online

 17:22:04 <teolemon> so it's helpful for us if the online version is sorted

 17:22:15 <hannie> yes, we had a discussion about that on the translators list

 17:22:20 <teolemon> yes

 17:22:27 <teolemon> and something that worries me

 17:22:34 <teolemon> it's not synced with upstream

 17:22:43 <czajkowski> Is there something the CC can help with in the mean time?

 17:22:45 <teolemon> some packages do not exist anymore upstream

 17:22:59 <teolemon> and some strings have been modified

 17:23:06 <dholbach> maybe it'd make sense to get mvo into the loop

 17:23:16 <teolemon> and there's a patch

 17:23:23 <teolemon> that sould be applied

 17:23:55 <teolemon> see this bug

 17:23:55 <teolemon> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ddtp-ubuntu/+bug/1106174

 17:23:59 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1106174 in Package Descriptions for Ubuntu "ddtp-ubuntu lp translations outdated in quantal" [High,Triaged]

 17:24:36 <teolemon> been sleeping for 2 months

 17:24:56 <dholbach> yeah, as I said: maybe best to ping mvo directly - he might know who to bug or what to do

 17:25:01 <teolemon> ok

 17:25:17 <dholbach> great

 17:25:33 <dholbach> wow, this feels very productive already :)

 17:25:41 <pleia2> :)

 17:25:43 <dholbach> do you do regular meetings in the team?

 17:25:43 <teolemon> pinging dpm about the statistics tools

 17:25:47 <teolemon> no

 17:25:55 <teolemon> which is offline

 17:26:05 <czajkowski> teolemon: do you have a link to it

 17:26:32 <teolemon> oups

 17:26:36 <teolemon> online for quantal

 17:26:41 <teolemon> not avail for raring

 17:26:41 <teolemon> http://people.canonical.com/~dpm/stats/ubuntu-12.10-translation-stats.html

 17:27:00 <dholbach> maybe dpm could make the scripts for this available somewhere?

 17:27:20 <trijntje> Hi all, sorry I'm late

 17:27:30 <hannie> wow, so many languages

 17:27:59 <Gwaihir> dholbach, I though it was already available...

 17:28:11 <dholbach> ah ok... I didn't know

 17:28:18 <dholbach> that might help get it up for 13.04

 17:28:34 <dholbach> maybe a blog or mailing list post to get somebody take a look at the code

 17:28:44 <Gwaihir> should be this one: https://code.launchpad.net/~dpm/ubuntu-translations-stats/trunk

 17:28:52 <teolemon> we don't have access to the planet

 17:28:56 <teolemon> dpm had

 17:29:10 <pleia2> teolemon: are none of you Ubuntu Members?

 17:29:15 <teolemon> nope

 17:29:18 <teolemon> not me

 17:29:23 <pleia2> translations certainly count toward membership, I'd highly recommend it :)

 17:29:24 <teolemon> not sure about the others

 17:29:26 <dholbach> you really should be! :)

 17:29:39 <cqfd93> not me

 17:29:42 <dholbach> and talk about the great things you do

 17:29:46 <hannie> trijntje is

 17:29:46 <dholbach> https://wiki.ubuntu.com/Membership is the guide towards it

 17:29:47 <pleia2> (one of the incentives is getting on planet to advertise your projects!)

 17:29:49 <teolemon> it's not an issue about hosting

 17:30:00 <teolemon> hum

 17:30:09 <YoBoY> teolemon, I am, if you write the text I can publish it

 17:30:10 <teolemon> could we have like a translation blog rather ?

 17:30:13 <dholbach> I can tell from blog posts about added languages to the packaging/development guide that there is interest in that kind of stories

 17:30:21 <teolemon> also

 17:30:29 <teolemon> access to the social media accounts

 17:30:40 <Gwaihir> teolemon, did the translation team have a dedicated blog? I do not remember that...

 17:30:44 <dholbach> teolemon, you could just set one up on wordpress.com or something and get it added as a project blog to planet

 17:30:45 <teolemon> nope

 17:30:47 <pleia2> if an Ubuntu Member takes responsibility for it, a translations blog could be added (ubuntuclassroom and others just use a free wordpress.com blog)

 17:30:49 <teolemon> we set up http://traduire.ubuntu-fr.org/

 17:30:55 <teolemon> for the French team

 17:31:06 <teolemon> and it's working great

 17:31:17 <teolemon> in addition to the social networks

 17:31:19 <teolemon> and all

 17:31:20 <dholbach> teolemon, can you send a mail to dpm and me about the social media aaccounts?

 17:31:23 <YoBoY> pleia2, I can take that responsability if it's fine for everyone

 17:31:30 <pleia2> YoBoY: works for me

 17:31:37 <YoBoY> (i have already all the right on that blog ^^')

 17:31:46 <dholbach> +1

 17:31:47 <pleia2> :)

 17:31:50 <teolemon> takeover ?

 17:31:52 <teolemon> ;-)

 17:32:08 <YoBoY> nop, you still have to write the post ;)

 17:32:12 <trijntje> I've tried to integrate my ddtp_popsort with the scripts that generate ddtp, but I haven't heard back from mvo about it

 17:32:43 <hannie> who or what is mvo?

 17:32:55 <pleia2> being mindful of time, are there other specific things we want to work through now, or should we invite follow-ups on email now that we've got things rolling?

 17:32:59 <dholbach> mvo is Michael Vogt

 17:33:24 <teolemon> to coordinate with Debian ?

 17:33:27 <teolemon> mvo again ?

 17:33:32 <teolemon> somebody else ?

 17:33:36 <dholbach> hannie, the guy who wrote large parts of synaptic, apt, update-manager, software-center and other bits and pieces, a tea lover, huggable vegetarian hippie and good friend :)

 17:34:04 <hannie> dholbach, thanks for the info ;)

 17:34:13 <dholbach> mvo is a Debian maintainer too and knows the people in Debian who take care of DDTP

 17:34:17 <teolemon> ok

 17:34:20 <teolemon> also

 17:34:21 <teolemon> change of processes to ensure quality within a rolling release system

 17:34:21 <dholbach> he might be busy but at least have pointers

 17:34:50 <teolemon> any additional info you could give us about that ?

 17:35:00 <teolemon> in terms of technical implications ?

 17:35:07 * trijntje is just reading the wiki, isn't raring open for translation already?

 17:35:13 <teolemon> yes

 17:35:20 <teolemon> it's a summary from last time

 17:35:39 <trijntje> teolemon: Oops, my bad

 17:35:54 <pleia2> teolemon: the tech board decided to have a ongoing "development" release but 6 month releases will continue (no rolling release)

 17:36:11 <pleia2> they just cut support for non-lts to 9 months (down from 18)

 17:36:12 <hannie> March 21, UI freeze raring

 17:36:21 <teolemon> so no potential issues for translations ?

 17:36:31 <pleia2> teolemon: that's the hope, things should continue as before

 17:36:41 <teolemon> potentially more frequent sync with upstream that could avoid duplication ?

 17:36:50 <teolemon> in terms of translations

 17:37:27 <Gwaihir> teolemon, I have to check, but translations in Ubuntu should be synced each time there is an upstream release of the same package

 17:37:31 <trijntje> teolemon: I've started that discussion on the ML, but I haven't sumarised the results yet

 17:37:34 <hannie> I do not see a great problem for translators

 17:37:47 <teolemon> and finally Google Summer of Code

 17:38:04 <teolemon> do you think it's worth creating a proposal ?

 17:38:19 <trijntje> I agree with hannie: if we keep 6 month releases the impact on translators should be minimal

 17:38:24 <dholbach> teolemon, bkerensa, lfaraone and dylanmccall are working on the application for ubuntu as a mentoring organisation - results from Google should be there in 2-3 weeks(?)

 17:38:37 <teolemon> the issue is that we'd need a technical mentar

 17:38:39 <teolemon> mentor

 17:38:40 <dholbach> teolemon, they are points of contact and there's the ubuntu-soc@ mailing list

 17:38:58 <teolemon> ok

 17:39:46 <dholbach> teolemon, I'd try to do the following 1) agree in the team on a realistic set of things to work on, 2) ask on the mailing list who might be willing to mentor, 3) pick a student who you have confidence in and who maybe was part of the project before already or understands the project better

 17:40:02 <dholbach> sometimes you can achieve 100% of all 3 points, but it might help

 17:41:16 <dholbach> I'm very happy with how this meeting worked out - maybe it'd make sense to have a follow up meeting in the translations team and see what can be done about the issues we talked about?

 17:41:45 <hannie> I'm all for it

 17:42:03 <trijntje> dholbach: I'd like that, we are quite decapitated without dpm ;)

 17:42:10 <dholbach> as we have the membership board lined up as well... is there anything else important you want to talk about or where you'd like to see help from the CC?

 17:43:05 <pleia2> and feel free to ping any of us on irc if you run into trouble, we'll see what we can do :)

 17:43:16 <dholbach> yeah

 17:43:31 <hannie> that's good to hear.

 17:43:54 <dholbach> all rightie

 17:44:02 <pleia2> #topic Membership Boards catch-up

 17:44:05 <dholbach> thanks a bunch everyone for your tireless work!

 17:44:07 <dholbach> big big hugs!

 17:44:23 <trijntje> thanks everyone

 17:44:35 <hannie> see you all

 17:45:25 <dholbach> Pendulum, cyphermox: still there? :)

 17:45:34 <Pendulum> I'm here :)

 17:45:40 <dholbach> perfect!

 17:45:45 <dholbach> how are the membership boards doing?

 17:45:57 <pleia2> for reference here's the breakdown of members by hour slot: http://paste.ubuntu.com/5634753/

 17:46:07 <czajkowski> cheers pleia2

 17:46:12 <pleia2> https://wiki.ubuntu.com/Membership/Boards/SittingMembers

 17:46:17 <pleia2> realized it was on the wiki :)

 17:46:31 <Pendulum> In general good. We've cut down to one meeting a month for each board because there weren't enough applicants for each board to meet twice

 17:46:33 <czajkowski> cjohnston: hggdh IdleOne ping

 17:46:41 * pleia2 nods

 17:46:46 <czajkowski> Pendulum: makes sense

 17:46:46 <Pendulum> IdleOne said he couldn't make it

 17:46:53 <czajkowski> ok

 17:46:55 <cjohnston> hi

 17:47:14 <Pendulum> The biggest thing at the moment is looking at restaffing this year

 17:47:34 <czajkowski> Pendulum: do you think this will be hard?

 17:47:38 <czajkowski> much interest?

 17:47:44 <pleia2> so it looks like 2 expiring, 1 inactive for 12:00, and 2 expiring for 22:00

 17:48:05 <cjohnston> pleia2: I believe we also had a 2200 resign

 17:48:16 <pleia2> ah yes, greg-g

 17:48:19 <Pendulum> right

 17:48:33 <pleia2> so 3 and 3, and eleanor and jared coming up in a few months

 17:48:40 <pleia2> (both of them are 12:00

 17:48:59 <Pendulum> I think there was a 4th on the 2200 board, as well

 17:49:22 <pleia2> ah yes, beuno

 17:49:27 <Pendulum> yeah

 17:49:28 <pleia2> no, I counted him

 17:49:39 <pleia2> 22:00:

 17:49:40 <pleia2> Iulian Udrea

 17:49:41 <pleia2> Martin Albisetti

 17:49:45 <pleia2> Greg Grossmeier

 17:49:51 <pleia2> right?

 17:50:16 <pleia2> 12:00:

 17:50:16 <pleia2> Mathieu Trudel-Lapierre

 17:50:17 <pleia2> Penelope Stowe

 17:50:23 <pleia2> Russell John

 17:50:50 <Pendulum> Norman is also up on the 2200 board this year

 17:51:08 * beuno looks down

 17:51:37 <pleia2> ah yes, so n0rman (22), eleanor and jared (12)

 17:51:45 <Pendulum> right

 17:52:07 <pleia2> so we can do another call in july to fill those three spots

 17:52:19 <dholbach> or do it all in one go? :)

 17:52:22 <Pendulum> The question we were wondering is if we want to do 2 calls this year

 17:52:29 <pleia2> yeah, probably not

 17:52:31 * dholbach is for doing one

 17:52:41 <Pendulum> as of right now, the people who are up in 2014 are all on the same date so it's only 1 call

 17:52:48 <Pendulum> I like the idea of only doing 1 call a year

 17:52:54 <dholbach> +1 :)

 17:53:00 <czajkowski> +1

 17:53:01 <Pendulum> So far the other folks on the boards seem to agree with me.

 17:53:18 <pleia2> so do we ask everyone expiring this year to resubmit their name if they want another term? (if they don't want another term, they can just stay on until their term expires july/august)

 17:53:18 <Pendulum> I figure that makes it easier for the CC as well as the boards

 17:53:29 <pleia2> yeah

 17:53:34 <beuno> +1

 17:53:54 <dholbach> so shall we extend memberships until July? that'd give us more time to write the announce and everything(?)

 17:54:15 <Pendulum> That makes sense to me. I think just about everyone on the 1200 board is planning on resubmitting

 17:54:22 <pleia2> I'm planning on putting out the call for nominees today, hoping it won't take more than 3 weeks or so

 17:54:41 <dholbach> I'll take an action to send a mail to the ubuntu council teams list to check the other councils/boards who's expiring in the S cycle

 17:54:44 <pleia2> 2 week nomination period, 1 week for CC to decide

 17:55:01 <pleia2> #action dholbach to send a mail to the ubuntu council teams list to check the other councils/boards who's expiring in the S cycle

 17:55:01 * meetingology dholbach to send a mail to the ubuntu council teams list to check the other councils/boards who's expiring in the S cycle

 17:55:10 <czajkowski> that makes sense

 17:55:15 <pleia2> #action pleia2 to send out call for nominations for membership boards

 17:55:15 * meetingology pleia2 to send out call for nominations for membership boards

 17:55:31 <dholbach> excellent

 17:55:33 <pleia2> so, 5 spots on 12:00, 4 on 22:00

 17:55:45 <Pendulum> One thing, personally, I'd really like to make sure is stressed in the call for nominations is that they do need to attend meetings

 17:55:56 <pleia2> noted

 17:56:23 <czajkowski> Pendulum: yes that's fair

 17:56:45 <pleia2> now that's sorted out, any other things we should talk about? :)

 17:57:30 <dholbach> :)

 17:58:03 <pleia2> ok, thanks for joining us Pendulum!

 17:58:11 <Pendulum> I can't think of anything :)

 17:58:14 <pleia2> #topic other business

 17:58:18 <Pendulum> you're welcome! thanks for having us!

 17:58:22 <cjohnston> nothin else here

 17:58:23 <dholbach> perfect!

 17:58:25 <dholbach> big hugs!

 17:58:26 <czajkowski> lovely :)

 17:58:32 <czajkowski> thanks for joining folks

 17:58:40 <pleia2> I reached out to jbicha regarding docs stuff to see if we can move past the desktop docs being in a "critical" state

 17:58:51 <pleia2> (he hasn't yet formally stepped down, but I am told it's still coming)

 18:00:03 <czajkowski> nods

 18:00:04 <pleia2> at a google hangout earlier this week a few folks stepped up to help move docs stuff along (get a better understanding of the whole process so we can train new people, then work on onboarding docs for new contributors and finally announce accepting of new contributors)

 18:00:10 <czajkowski> the hangout was good

 18:00:31 <dholbach> pleia2, that's brilliant - did they say what kind of help they needed?

 18:01:34 <pleia2> dholbach: nothing new than from our last meeting

 18:01:45 <czajkowski> dholbach: I think jono was going to talk to you re docs :)

 18:01:52 <ScottK> AFAICT, no one seems to be doing a lot of work coordinating server documentation.

 18:01:52 <pleia2> no one we actually spoke to on the hangout was actually at the hangout, just folks interested in helping

 18:02:19 <pleia2> ScottK: did one of the ubuntu development teams end up getting commit access?

 18:02:31 <dholbach> czajkowski, ok

 18:02:35 <ScottK> pleia2: Not sure.  I haven't actually gone back and tried.

 18:02:39 <ScottK> I should do that.

 18:02:48 <pleia2> yeah, I don't remember a resolution to that thread

 18:03:20 <pleia2> essentially the core of all these problems is that people want to help, but the barriers to entry are too high, and folks who can help with lowering them are too busy

 18:03:39 <pleia2> I'll keep server docs in mind as we move forward with desktop docs, thanks ScottK

 18:03:58 <ScottK> Thanks.

 18:05:04 <pleia2> ok, sounds like that's it

 18:05:08 <pleia2> thanks everyone :

 18:05:09 <pleia2> :)

 18:05:38 <dholbach> thanks a bunch!

 18:05:44 <dholbach> have a great rest of your day!

 18:05:46 <pleia2> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)