#title #ubuntu-meeting Meeting

Meeting started by kees at 21:00:09 UTC.  The full logs are available at
http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2013/ubuntu-meeting.2013-03-04-21.00.log.html
.



== Meeting summary ==

 *Action review

 *Brain storm review

 *Scan the mailing list archive
''ACTION:'' stgraber to create packagesets + upload teams for Kylin and UbuntuGnome  (kees, 21:24:39)

 *Check up on community bugs

 *other business?



Meeting ended at 21:29:17 UTC.



== Votes ==




== Action items ==

 * stgraber to create packagesets + upload teams for Kylin and UbuntuGnome



== Action items, by person ==

 * stgraber
 ** stgraber to create packagesets + upload teams for Kylin and UbuntuGnome



== People present (lines said) ==

 * kees (44)
 * pitti (33)
 * stgraber (16)
 * jbicha (8)
 * mdz (4)
 * meetingology (4)
 * JackYu (2)



== Full Log ==


 21:00:09 <kees> #startmeeting

 21:00:09 <meetingology> Meeting started Mon Mar  4 21:00:09 2013 UTC.  The chair is kees. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 21:00:09 <meetingology> 

 21:00:09 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 21:00:40 <kees> so, Apologies from cjwatson and soren. stgraber, here?

 21:01:27 <kees> [topic] Action review

 21:01:52 <kees> seems like UbuntuKylin is on its way. were there any unresolved actions from that?

 21:02:56 <pitti> I'm still not fully happy with the fcitx thing

 21:03:19 <pitti> but I guess that's a matter for debate and decision/testing within the Kylin community

 21:03:33 <pitti> the other issues were clarified AFAICS

 21:03:35 <kees> but it's in progress, right? I guess I mean, are there any things the TB needs to examine during this meeting?

 21:03:39 <kees> okay, coll

 21:03:39 <kees> er, cool

 21:04:03 <kees> [TOPIC] Brain storm review

 21:04:10 * stgraber waves

 21:04:11 <kees> I didn't see any new replies...

 21:04:15 <pitti> kees: not that I c an see

 21:04:26 <pitti> kees: no; TBH, I think at this point we should call this round "done"

 21:04:29 <kees> okay

 21:04:41 <pitti> but wrt. to this, I don't think that even this round was terribly useful

 21:04:53 <kees> yeah, it seemed pretty quiet.

 21:05:15 <pitti> even the most favorite one only got some 60 votes or so

 21:05:16 <kees> should we do one more cycle starting in may and if it's similarly quiet, just drop it?

 21:05:42 <pitti> we could also bury it now and see whether anyone complains

 21:05:50 <pitti> but we should perhaps do this when we have more TB members

 21:06:01 <pitti> bonsoir stgraber

 21:06:12 <kees> agreed. let's bump it until we have >3 at the meeting :)

 21:06:25 <kees> [TOPIC] Scan the mailing list archive

 21:06:57 <kees> only thing here might be the release cycle changes

 21:07:03 <pitti> I think we should defer this until after UDS

 21:07:09 <kees> yeah, agreed.

 21:07:18 <pitti> although I guess most things already popped up on the ML

 21:07:30 <pitti> (which was actually a really good discussion IMHO)

 21:07:31 <kees> I'm going to go through the ubuntu-devel thread a little more carefully and see if I can comment usefully on any of it

 21:08:00 <stgraber> I believe the plan is for someone to e-mail the TB with a real proposal shortly after UDS, we can pick it up from there

 21:08:16 <kees> ok

 21:08:26 <kees> I also see "Flavor Review Request for Ubuntu GNOME"

 21:08:48 <pitti> oh right, I was meaning to reply to that, but forgot, sorry

 21:08:55 <kees> yeah, me too :P

 21:09:07 <stgraber> ah yeah, jbicha poked me about that one on IRC... should have followed up too

 21:09:14 <kees> I'm generally in favor of it. I'd like to see the same for a MATE flavor once it's all the way in Debian too.

 21:09:26 <stgraber> and slangasek asked me to check the current state of Kylin and start creating the packageset and matching teams for it

 21:09:28 <jbicha> hi :) the rolling thing is a bit disruptive but I think we still want to go ahead with our proposal for now

 21:09:39 <pitti> hey jbicha

 21:09:42 <mdz> kees, MATE?

 21:09:58 <kees> mdz: yes, Gnome 2 fork. It's wonderful.

 21:10:04 <pitti> jbicha: with "All of the packages we need have been in Ubuntu since last September." you mean all the build deps for the gnome3 PPA?

 21:10:38 <pitti> jbicha: as I understand it, the gnome PPA is actually delivering what you want, or do you envision the current raring gnome (i. e. mostly 3.6) as that remix, and just use different default settings with it?

 21:10:52 <jbicha> pitti: I meant things like ubuntu-gnome-meta and ubuntu-gnome-default-settings (which contains our minimal artwork)

 21:11:49 <pitti> jbicha: ok, so ubuntu gnome == what's in the distro, and the PPA is the staging area for contributors still?

 21:12:20 <jbicha> the PPA does not provide us with daily image builds or recognition as an equal flavor with like Kubuntu or Xubuntu which is nice for marketing purposes

 21:13:59 <jbicha> there is demand for images with the GNOME3 PPA pre-installed...I don't know if we want to discuss that at this meeting?

 21:14:12 <pitti> so in general I'm very favorable of this; we should cross-check it against the list of requirements for flavours

 21:14:22 <pitti> stgraber, do you happen to have that link handy? ^

 21:14:31 <kees> yeah, no PPAs in an official image, please. :)

 21:14:37 <pitti> ^ + 1

 21:15:07 <jbicha> kees: ok, I wasn't planning to discuss that today either :)

 21:15:09 <stgraber> pitti: one sec

 21:15:11 <pitti> jbicha: but for the RR we'll eventually have the same problem of having these kind of staging areas which are eventually landed in the distro; I guess that'll use a very similar model like the gnome3 ppa

 21:15:43 <stgraber> pitti: https://wiki.ubuntu.com/RecognizedFlavors

 21:16:15 <jbicha> by the way we do have a staging ppa now too for stuff that isn't ready for the Ubuntu archives https://launchpad.net/~gnome3-team/+archive/gnome3-staging/+packages?field.series_filter=raring

 21:16:35 <kees> stgraber: thanks. yeah, it seems like this qualifies easily.

 21:17:06 <pitti> community interest (point 1) is certainly there

 21:17:36 <pitti> jbicha: did ricotz, darkxst, and you sign the CoC? (I assume so)

 21:17:52 <jbicha> the GNOME3 PPA was for stuff that we thought was ready for Ubuntu but sharing the archives with Unity meant we had to wait longer

 21:17:55 <pitti> jbicha is in ~u-desktop, so that covers upload

 21:17:59 <jbicha> pitti: yes all 3 of us have

 21:18:08 <stgraber> yeah, I'm pretty sure that Ubuntu GNOME qualifies.

 21:18:17 <pitti> and all three of you have been active for a long time already

 21:18:32 <stgraber> they'll still need to talk to the cdimage team to make sure that there's enough space and resources to build the images, but that's a separate matter

 21:18:34 <pitti> "follow release process" is somewhat in the air now :)

 21:18:44 <pitti> but given that GNOME defined our original one, that's also ok :)

 21:18:48 <pitti> right

 21:19:22 <pitti> so as for "Guidelines to become and remain a recognized flavor", I think you're all set

 21:20:00 <pitti> so +1 from me

 21:20:08 <kees> yeah, I've emailed my +1.

 21:20:40 <kees> sabdfl gave his +1. mdz, stgraber: ?

 21:21:00 <mdz> I think i need to abstain, lacking context

 21:21:12 <mdz> multitasking right now also

 21:21:46 <stgraber> +1

 21:22:27 <kees> what is the next technical step? emailing IS?

 21:22:59 <pitti> I think so; we need sign-off that there's enough space, and then ask the release team to set up daily isos

 21:23:09 <stgraber> so I'm going to go ahead and create packagesets + upload teams for both Kylin and UbuntuGnome

 21:23:26 <stgraber> the respective teams can then apply with the DMB to get upload rights

 21:23:30 <kees> okay

 21:23:42 <stgraber> if they wish to get daily builds, they'll have to contact the cdimage team to check for space and resources for the build

 21:23:53 * kees nods

 21:24:02 <stgraber> and the cdimage team may ask IS to check for space on the build machines, mirrors, tapes if required

 21:24:39 <kees> [ACTION] stgraber to create packagesets + upload teams for Kylin and UbuntuGnome

 21:24:39 * meetingology stgraber to create packagesets + upload teams for Kylin and UbuntuGnome

 21:24:48 <stgraber> so I think we just want to highlight in the minutes that we have two new flavours, point to their wiki pages and I'll work with them to get everything setup

 21:25:02 <kees> [TOPIC] Check up on community bugs

 21:25:04 <kees> sounds good, yeah

 21:25:08 <kees> we have no open bugs...

 21:25:09 <stgraber> we don't add new flavours everyday, so I expect I'll have to make part of the process as I go ;)

 21:25:23 <kees> [TOPIC] other business?

 21:25:24 <kees> heh

 21:26:08 <kees> *crickets*

 21:26:26 <kees> next chair? mdz?

 21:26:26 <pitti> nothing from me

 21:27:21 <JackYu> hi, I am Jack from UbuntuKylin team. Is there anything we should go ahead?

 21:27:48 <kees> JackYu: I think you're okay for the moment. stgraber will be pushing some buttons to finalize things.

 21:27:52 <stgraber> JackYu: I think we have everything we need to proceed and start setting up your flavour

 21:28:31 <kees> mdz: if the next meeting time isn't good for being chair, feel free to update the wiki. :) I'll mark you down for now.

 21:28:32 <JackYu> Great. Thanks!

 21:28:44 <kees> I think that's it for this time. Anything else?

 21:29:01 <mdz> kees, it's fine, thanks and sorry

 21:29:08 <kees> heh

 21:29:09 <kees> np

 21:29:15 <kees> alright everyone, thanks!

 21:29:17 <kees> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)