#title #ubuntu-meeting Meeting

Meeting started by Laney at 14:00:18 UTC.  The full logs are available
at
http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2013/ubuntu-meeting.2013-03-11-14.00.log.html
.



== Meeting summary ==

 *Review of previous action items
  *Micah to send summary of PPU decoupling discuss to the DMB list  (Laney, 14:02:25)
''ACTION:'' Micah to send summary of PPU decoupling discuss to the DMB list  (Laney, 14:04:53)
''ACTION:'' Micah to urgently send feedback on Bjorn's PPU application  (Laney, 14:05:15)

 *PerPackageUploader Applications

 *Ubuntu Contributing Developer Applications
  *Tim Lunn (darkxst)  (Laney, 14:05:52)
''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/TimLunn/DeveloperApplication   (Laney, 14:07:15)

 *Chair for next meeting

 *AOB



Meeting ended at 14:38:49 UTC.



== Votes ==


 * Should Tim Lunn (darkxst) become an Ubuntu Contributing Developer?
   For: 6 Against: 0 Abstained: 0



== Action items ==

 * Micah to send summary of PPU decoupling discuss to the DMB list
 * Micah to urgently send feedback on Bjorn's PPU application



== People present (lines said) ==

 * Laney (54)
 * bdrung (20)
 * darkxst (18)
 * meetingology (16)
 * ScottK (9)
 * tumbleweed (8)
 * barry (6)
 * ogra_ (5)
 * stgraber (5)
 * Pici (1)
 * ubottu (1)
 * jbicha (1)



== Full Log ==


 14:00:18 <Laney> #startmeeting

 14:00:18 <meetingology> Meeting started Mon Mar 11 14:00:18 2013 UTC.  The chair is Laney. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 14:00:18 <meetingology> 

 14:00:18 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 14:00:45 <darkxst> Hi

 14:01:01 * stgraber waves

 14:01:52 <Laney> !dmb-ping is bdrung, Laney, micahg, barry, tumbleweed, ScottK, stgraber: DMB ping

 14:01:59 <ScottK> \o

 14:02:03 <bdrung> o/

 14:02:15 <Laney> #topic Review of previous action items

 14:02:25 <Laney> #subtopic Micah to send summary of PPU decoupling discuss to the DMB list

 14:02:32 * Laney looks for it

 14:02:58 <bdrung> i can't remember reading one

 14:03:04 <Laney> bad micahg

 14:03:22 <Laney> so, carried I suppose ... This discussion drags on

 14:03:35 <Laney> what about The Feedback? I still haven't seen that

 14:03:48 <bdrung> me neither

 14:04:53 <Laney> #action Micah to send summary of PPU decoupling discuss to the DMB list

 14:04:53 * meetingology Micah to send summary of PPU decoupling discuss to the DMB list

 14:05:15 <Laney> #action Micah to urgently send feedback on Bjorn's PPU application

 14:05:15 * meetingology Micah to urgently send feedback on Bjorn's PPU application

 14:05:20 <Laney> let's move on

 14:05:27 <Laney> #topic PerPackageUploader Applications

 14:05:33 <Laney> erm

 14:05:38 <Laney> #topic Ubuntu Contributing Developer Applications

 14:05:50 <Pici> Laney: factoid updated

 14:05:52 <Laney> #subtopic Tim Lunn (darkxst)

 14:05:55 <Laney> Pici: merci

 14:06:00 <Laney> darkxst: you're up - howdy

 14:06:02 <Laney> can you introduce yourself?

 14:06:35 <darkxst> I am one of the main developers working on Ubuntu GNOME, and more generally just trying to make GNOME work great on Ubuntu

 14:07:15 <Laney> #link https://wiki.ubuntu.com/TimLunn/DeveloperApplication

 14:07:33 <Laney> anyone got a question to start us off?

 14:09:10 <ScottK> darkxst: Have you been following Bug 1153224 and do you have an opinion on it?

 14:09:13 <ubottu> bug 1153224 in systemd (Ubuntu) "[FFE] Move to logind for session tracking" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1153224

 14:09:20 <Laney> darkxst: so - a lot of the GNOME remix work is done in the team's PPAs. Do you have any plans / ideas about how to do more of it in the archive? (ah, answer ScottK first)

 14:11:13 <darkxst> ScottK, yes I think that will actually help us, but probably there will be some fall out with systemd checks getting confused

 14:11:33 <darkxst> Generally consolekit support is entirely untested right now

 14:11:39 <ScottK> If I read the bug right, you guys prety much NEED it?

 14:15:33 <darkxst> ScottK, yes, however I don't think ConsoleKit has actually been dropped yet

 14:15:48 <ScottK> No.  We're discussing it.

 14:15:51 <ScottK> Thanks.

 14:16:06 <darkxst> ScottK, I meant from the gnome side

 14:16:13 <ScottK> Ah.  Right.

 14:16:18 <Laney> I don't understand that dropping CK is a necessary part of the logind work

 14:16:52 <jbicha> darkxst: do we need to move to logind for 13.04 or can that wait until 13.10?

 14:17:38 <Laney> let's keep this on topic though

 14:18:08 <Laney> excuse me for one minute - wind has just knocked a load of stuff over ...

 14:18:14 <stgraber> Laney: you can technically run both (I'm doing that here), however you get into trouble if your session is registered only in CK and the rest of the desktop uses the logind API. That's why I don't think we'd release with both but would rather just ship one and make sure everything uses it.

 14:19:09 <darkxst> jbicha, I suspect it can wait until 13.10, but who knows what gnome will drop after freeze

 14:19:10 * Laney 's bathroom has a nice layer of snow

 14:19:54 <tumbleweed> it's a stunning warm, sunny day here :P

 14:20:14 <Laney> stgraber: you're saying that "logind and ConsoleKit work fine side by side" is inaccurate?

 14:20:38 <Laney> darkxst: you can answer my previous question now :)

 14:20:38 * ogra_ sends some grumbling tumbleweed's way

 14:20:47 <bdrung> we have snow _outside_

 14:20:52 <Laney> we'll move that other conversation to #-devel ...

 14:20:56 <ogra_> same here

 14:21:38 <darkxst> Laney, that is kinda of hard, we already push as much as we can straight to the ubuntu archive, but the split in versions means much is stuck in the ppa

 14:21:50 <ogra_> we had a temp. drop of 15 deg, C

 14:21:57 <ogra_> over two days

 14:22:36 <ScottK> darkxst: What split in versions (for those of us not familiar)?

 14:22:37 <ogra_> (oops, sorry, missed whch channel i'm in)

 14:23:08 <darkxst> Ok so Ubuntu sticking mostly with gnome 3.6 for Raring

 14:23:09 <Laney> Do you think the current situation with the level of patching Ubuntu has in the system components (gsd/gcc/other) is sustainable? Or will we see forks? Would that be good or bad from a GNOME remix POV?

 14:23:10 <tumbleweed> ScottK: I'm assuming the latest GNOME vs what the ubuntu-desktop team want?

 14:23:36 <darkxst> and the ppa packaging is mostly gnome 3.8

 14:24:03 <darkxst> Laney, the level of patching is insane

 14:24:14 <darkxst> I can't see how that is sustainable in the long run

 14:25:01 <barry> darkxst: that might be a good topic for the next vUDS

 14:25:09 <bdrung> do you think that getting the amount of patches down to a maintainable amount?

 14:25:10 <darkxst> I think to some extent forks would help, but also perhaps more effort to upstream patches

 14:26:51 <bdrung> darkxst: you mentioned in your application that it takes too long to get patches reviewed. have you used the sponsoring queue? have you ping the patch pilots?

 14:28:08 <darkxst> bdrung, yeh I ping the patch pilots, its more the SRU's etc that take forever

 14:28:35 <tumbleweed> yeah, SRU review seems quite backlogged atm

 14:28:38 <bdrung> darkxst: there are many steps in the SRU process. which steps took forever?

 14:28:38 * Laney nods

 14:28:58 <bdrung> the waiting to get approved in -proposed?

 14:29:12 <tumbleweed> yup

 14:29:19 <darkxst> bdrung, yeh

 14:29:40 <bdrung> that should be fixed.

 14:30:06 <Laney> darkxst: I'd appreciate seeing you more in #ubuntu-desktop btw - with some direct contributions you could get desktop team membership like jbicha did

 14:30:25 <bdrung> darkxst: my next question is: do you collaborate with Debian?

 14:30:27 <Laney> s/some/some more/ - not minimising the work you already did :P

 14:31:06 <darkxst> bdrung, not really so far, mostly just upstream gnome

 14:31:48 * Laney is ready to vote once bdrung is done

 14:32:01 * stgraber too

 14:32:05 <bdrung> darkxst: i think that it would make sense to collaborate with Debian to not duplicate packaging work.

 14:32:19 <bdrung> Laney: i am done.

 14:32:31 <Laney> right

 14:32:53 <darkxst> bdrung, yes, I agree, however they are well behind in gnome packages for the most part

 14:33:02 <Laney> #vote Should Tim Lunn (darkxst) become an Ubuntu Contributing Developer?

 14:33:02 <meetingology> Please vote on: Should Tim Lunn (darkxst) become an Ubuntu Contributing Developer?

 14:33:02 <meetingology> Public votes can be registered by saying +1, +0 or -1 in channel, (private votes don't work yet, but when they do it will be by messaging the channel followed by +1/-1/+0 to me)

 14:33:07 <Laney> +1

 14:33:07 <meetingology> +1 received from Laney

 14:33:10 <ScottK> +1

 14:33:10 <meetingology> +1 received from ScottK

 14:33:11 <bdrung> +1

 14:33:11 <meetingology> +1 received from bdrung

 14:33:13 <tumbleweed> +1

 14:33:13 <meetingology> +1 received from tumbleweed

 14:33:17 <barry> +1

 14:33:17 <meetingology> +1 received from barry

 14:33:19 <stgraber> +1

 14:33:19 <meetingology> +1 received from stgraber

 14:33:44 <Laney> #endvote

 14:33:44 <meetingology> Voting ended on: Should Tim Lunn (darkxst) become an Ubuntu Contributing Developer?

 14:33:44 <meetingology> Votes for:6 Votes against:0 Abstentions:0

 14:33:44 <meetingology> Motion carried

 14:33:50 <Laney> darkxst: welcome \o/

 14:33:58 <bdrung> darkxst: debian experimental would be currently a good target.

 14:34:06 <bdrung> congrats, darkxst

 14:34:07 <Laney> They're doing 3.7.x in experimental ATM

 14:34:09 <darkxst> Thanks!

 14:34:18 <Laney> but spend your time however you see it being most profitable

 14:34:27 <Laney> #topic Chair for next meeting

 14:34:29 * tumbleweed looks forward to Ubuntu GNOME 's first official release

 14:34:31 <Laney> that's stgraber!

 14:34:33 <Laney> #topic AOB

 14:34:40 <Laney> ?

 14:34:52 <tumbleweed> DST? barry was saying something about US having DST change

 14:34:54 * barry sends his apologies for 25-march meeting

 14:35:04 <Laney> oh, yes, I'll be on holiday in 2 weeks

 14:35:18 <tumbleweed> \o/

 14:35:20 <barry> tumbleweed: right, us went into dst this past weekend, i think eu goes into dst on 31-march

 14:35:23 <Laney> yeah

 14:35:27 <Laney> what's the problem?

 14:35:57 <bdrung> there is no - just that the local time of the meeting will shift by one hour

 14:36:12 <barry> only that there may be some confusion about start time until the tz shuffle quiets down.  i don't personally mind that the meeting is 1 hour later for me now

 14:36:33 <ScottK> It doesn't matter either way for me either.

 14:37:02 <stgraber> I'm perfectly happy with the current meeting time personally, 10am is much better than 9am for me :)

 14:37:18 <Laney> heh

 14:37:31 <Laney> For some reason this calculation always breaks my brain

 14:37:38 * bdrung prefers the time shift

 14:37:48 <Laney> It becomes an hour later after this change, right?

 14:38:01 <barry> i can't complain about 10am rather than 9am either :)

 14:38:01 <bdrung> Laney: i can do the dmb-ping before the meeting if that will help you

 14:38:09 <bdrung> Laney: yes

 14:38:18 <Laney> so for me 1400 -> 1500, 1900 -> 2000

 14:38:22 <bdrung> yes

 14:38:29 <Laney> righto

 14:38:43 <Laney> anyway, if that's it

 14:38:49 <Laney> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)