#title #ubuntu-meeting Meeting

Meeting started by jdstrand at 18:17:19 UTC.  The full logs are
available at
http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2013/ubuntu-meeting.2013-03-11-18.17.log.html
.



== Meeting summary ==

''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting   (jdstrand, 18:17:23)
 *Announcements

 *Weekly stand-up report

 *Highlighted packages
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/libjboss-cache2-java.html   (jdstrand, 18:31:35)
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/tinyproxy.html   (jdstrand, 18:31:39)
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/ruby-parser.html   (jdstrand, 18:31:43)
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/pyfribidi.html   (jdstrand, 18:31:47)
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/isync.html   (jdstrand, 18:31:51)

 *Miscellaneous and Questions



Meeting ended at 18:38:13 UTC.



== Votes ==




== Action items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * jdstrand (31)
 * tyhicks (9)
 * mdeslaur (6)
 * sarnold (5)
 * sbeattie (4)
 * jjohansen (4)
 * meetingology (3)
 * ubottu (1)
 * ScottK (1)



== Full Log ==


 18:17:19 <jdstrand> #startmeeting

 18:17:19 <meetingology> Meeting started Mon Mar 11 18:17:19 2013 UTC.  The chair is jdstrand. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 18:17:19 <meetingology> 

 18:17:19 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 18:17:22 <jdstrand> The meeting agenda can be found at:

 18:17:23 <jdstrand> [LINK] https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting

 18:17:27 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Announcements

 18:17:43 <jdstrand> UDS was last week. We should now have our blueprints in order with what we want to work on for March all in place. Thanks for all your hard work on this!

 18:17:56 <jdstrand> Thanks to Luke Faraone (lfaraone) who provided debdiffs for lucid for openafs (LP: #1145560). Your work is very much appreciated and will keep Ubuntu users secure. Great job!

 18:17:59 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1145560 in openafs (Ubuntu Quantal) "OpenAFS Security Advisories 2013-001 and 2013-002" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1145560

 18:18:09 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Weekly stand-up report

 18:18:13 <jdstrand> I'll go first

 18:18:30 <jdstrand> this is a short week for me-- I'll be off friday

 18:18:38 <jdstrand> I'm in the happy place

 18:18:59 <jdstrand> I'm working on chromium-browser and thunderbird testing

 18:19:09 <jdstrand> I've also got 2 embargoed items

 18:19:26 <ScottK> jdstrand: BTW, the openafs SRU is released now, so there's no concern about what the security update should be based on.

 18:19:32 <jdstrand> and patch piloting (should be finished soon)

 18:19:41 <jdstrand> ScottK: ack, thanks :)

 18:20:34 <jdstrand> sarnold is on community this week, so I'll pass that along

 18:20:39 <jdstrand> mdeslaur: you're up

 18:20:49 <mdeslaur> I'm on triage this week

 18:21:17 <mdeslaur> the nist website is down at the moment, so I can't pull fresh CVE info....I'll try again tomorrow and will work around it if their problem persists

 18:21:31 <mdeslaur> I'm working on php5 and apache2 updates

 18:21:38 <mdeslaur> I also have an embargoed issue i'm working on

 18:21:53 <mdeslaur> that's it for me

 18:21:55 <mdeslaur> sbeattie: you're up

 18:22:14 <sbeattie> I'm dedicated again to apparmor stuff this week.

 18:23:03 <sbeattie> I'll be continuing the work on the display manager prototype, and the work items related to that.

 18:23:15 <sbeattie> And that's pretty much it for me.

 18:23:19 <sbeattie> tyhicks: you're up.

 18:23:25 <tyhicks> I'll be working on the following work items:

 18:23:35 <tyhicks> [tyhicks] library label permission query api (high) (2): INPROGRESS

 18:23:35 <tyhicks> [tyhicks] dbus daemon, use library label permission query api (high) (1): TODO

 18:23:38 <tyhicks> [tyhicks] dbus daemon, use aa_getpeercon - dbus (high) (1): TODO

 18:24:09 <tyhicks> I'll also need to tend to some eCryptfs maintenance work

 18:24:37 <tyhicks> There's renewed interest in an old patch that improves performance on newer hardware (mainly with SSDs and AES-NI support)

 18:24:57 <tyhicks> cking has nicely done some indepth benchmarking and I'll need to give the patch one more review

 18:25:01 <tyhicks> That's it for me

 18:25:05 <tyhicks> jjohansen: you're up

 18:26:29 <jjohansen> so I am working on apparmor as well this week

 18:26:29 <jjohansen> I have some more work on socket labeling and also on fixing stacking issues when the stack is split across a namespace

 18:27:03 <jjohansen> and I will probably drop another present or 10 for sarnold to look at

 18:27:13 <jjohansen> thats it, sarnold your up

 18:28:06 <sarnold> I'm starting this week with the logind MIR; pitti decided to ask for a review of a newer package over the weekend rather than the version in raring, so I'll wind up taking longer than usual for this MIR as I'm duplicating some work already done...

 18:28:50 <sarnold> after the MIR is done I'm liable to work on objectives this week, perhaps finally giving juju the time it deserves :)

 18:29:13 <sarnold> I also understand jjohansen has a present for me! Woot. :)

 18:29:17 <sarnold> jdstrand: back to you

 18:30:17 <jdstrand> sarnold: from earlier in the meeting-- since you're on community, if the updated openafs debdiffs come in this week, apparently the version in -proposed has been accepted into updates (you'll see discussion of that in the bug)

 18:30:58 <sarnold> jdstrand: thanks for the heads-up :)

 18:31:06 <jdstrand> mp

 18:31:08 <jdstrand> np even

 18:31:10 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Highlighted packages

 18:31:15 <jdstrand> The Ubuntu Security team will highlight some community-supported packages that might be good candidates for updating and or triaging. If you would like to help Ubuntu and not sure where to start, this is a great way to do so.

 18:31:20 <jdstrand> See https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/UpdateProcedures for details and if you have any questions, feel free to ask in #ubuntu-security. To find out other ways of helping out, please see https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/GettingInvolved.

 18:31:35 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/libjboss-cache2-java.html

 18:31:39 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/tinyproxy.html

 18:31:43 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/ruby-parser.html

 18:31:47 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/pyfribidi.html

 18:31:51 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/isync.html

 18:32:02 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Miscellaneous and Questions

 18:32:09 <jdstrand> Does anyone have any other questions or items to discuss?

 18:38:13 <jdstrand> mdeslaur, sbeattie, tyhicks, jjohansen, sarnold: thanks!

 18:38:13 <jdstrand> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)