== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 01 Aug at 17:00 &mdash; 17:38 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2013/ubuntu-meeting.2013-08-01-17.00.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/CommunityCouncilAgenda 
=== Catch up with the Developer Advisory Team ===
The discussion about "Catch up with the Developer Advisory Team" started at 17:02.


=== Catch up with the IRC Council ===
The discussion about "Catch up with the IRC Council" started at 17:12.

  * ''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/CommunityCouncil/Restaffing should have more info

=== Any other business ===
The discussion about "Any other business" started at 17:34.




== Vote results ==




== Action items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * dholbach (67)
 * pleia2 (36)
 * AlanBell (19)
 * coolbhavi (15)
 * Tm_T (12)
 * Pici (12)
 * IdleOne (6)
 * meetingology (4)
 * sabdfl (1)



== Full Log ==


 17:00 <pleia2> #startmeeting

 17:00 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Aug  1 17:00:54 2013 UTC.  The chair is pleia2. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 17:00 <meetingology> 

 17:00 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 17:00 <pleia2> #chair dholbach

 17:00 <meetingology> Current chairs: dholbach pleia2

 17:01 <dholbach> welcome everybody :)

 17:01 <dholbach> thanks coolbhavi for turning up

 17:01 <pleia2> welcome to the Community Council meeting!

 17:01 <coolbhavi> hello dholbach and the CC :)

 17:01 <dholbach> pleia2, it escaped me, who apart from the Dev Advisory Team are we meeting up with today?

 17:01 <pleia2> IRC Council

 17:01 <dholbach> great

 17:01 <pleia2> #link https://wiki.ubuntu.com/CommunityCouncilAgenda

 17:01 <dholbach> anyone from the IRCC here?

 17:02 <dholbach> maybe we start off with the DAT - it must be late in India already

 17:02 <coolbhavi> :) 10 30 PM here

 17:02 <pleia2> #topic Catch up with the Developer Advisory Team

 17:03 <dholbach> coolbhavi, how have things been going since the last time we met? (and I guess I'll put on my DAT hat in a bit too :-))

 17:04 <Pici> dholbach: re: ircc, myself and Tm_T should be here.

 17:04 <coolbhavi> dholbach, the major work was dat v2

 17:04 <dholbach> Pici, great

 17:04 <Tm_T> I'm somewhat around anyway (:

 17:04 <dholbach> (dat v2 means the Dev Advisory Team overview page we use to track who we're in touch with, who progressed how far on their journey as a developer, etc.)

 17:05 <coolbhavi> and we have a cool instance up here  http://ec2-50-19-67-12.compute-1.amazonaws.com

 17:05 <pleia2> that's really cool

 17:05 <dholbach> up until we mostly used Trello cards for that and a list of uploads per developer, which got slightly out of hand after a couple of cycles

 17:05 <pleia2> no doubt :)

 17:05 <coolbhavi> trello overflow :)

 17:05 <dholbach> Andrew Starr-Bocchicchio did a PHENOMENAL job on this

 17:06 <coolbhavi> dholbach, +1

 17:06 <dholbach> one stumbling block we're currently having is the deployment

 17:06 <dholbach> I said I was happy to host this on holba.ch

 17:06 <dholbach> but just ran out of time looking into it

 17:06 <dholbach> sorry about that

 17:06 <pleia2> I assume it's on some random person's ec2 account?

 17:06 <AlanBell> hi Pici and all

 17:07 <dholbach> pleia2, yes, but it might get a bit too expensive over time

 17:07 <pleia2> no doubt

 17:07 <dholbach> it crunches quite a bit of LP data, etc

 17:07 <pleia2> jcastro is using hpcloud for discourse, I wonder if you could get a similar deal

 17:07 <dholbach> I'll have a chat with him later on

 17:07 <pleia2> great

 17:07 <coolbhavi> dholbach, if anyone needs hosting space m ready to give as I bought a new physical server

 17:07 <dholbach> I'm no expert when it comes to these things

 17:08 <pleia2> dholbach: he might make you juju deploy it

 17:08 <pleia2> :)

 17:08 <dholbach> yeah

 17:08 <dholbach> and "normally deploying" it is not my fort√© either ;-)

 17:08 <dholbach> that's probably why we got stuck where we are right now

 17:08 * pleia2 nods

 17:08 <dholbach> in between a transition where I'm blocking things :)

 17:08 <dholbach> that's also why activity went down quite a bit

 17:08 <dholbach> so we have to figure this out soon

 17:08 <dholbach> I'll talk to jcastro tomorrow

 17:09 <dholbach> promise! :)

 17:09 <pleia2> thanks dholbach!

 17:09 <dholbach> coolbhavi, we could probably also do with some restaffing

 17:09 <dholbach> huats stepped down

 17:09 <pleia2> coolbhavi: also, looking forward to seeing you at fosscon next week :)

 17:09 <dholbach> and some other members got busy with other projects as well

 17:09 <coolbhavi> dholbach, sorry here too as m sucked into HPUX and HP labs

 17:09 <coolbhavi> pleia2, same here :)

 17:10 <dholbach> coolbhavi, I could imagine that as soon as we set up the new tool, start using it and fixing a few bugs, we might as well train a few new contributors in the team

 17:10 <coolbhavi> dholbach, yes +1

 17:10 <dholbach> and being on the DAT is wonderfully social task

 17:10 <dholbach> so we might just want to pick and ask the right people :)

 17:10 <dholbach> coolbhavi, that's something the two of us could probably look into together?

 17:11 <coolbhavi> dholbach, yes can send out a email reg restaffing and a dat overview

 17:11 <dholbach> that'd be fantastic

 17:11 <pleia2> \o/

 17:11 <dholbach> shall we have a chat tomorrow after I talked to jcastro?

 17:11 <coolbhavi> yes

 17:11 <dholbach> awesome

 17:12 <dholbach> I think apart from that there's not much to report - just that we should get on the tasks mentioned above quite urgently :)

 17:12 <dholbach> pleia2, any more questions? :-D

 17:12 <pleia2> nope, thanks coolbhavi and dholbach!

 17:12 * dholbach hugs coolbhavi

 17:12 <dholbach> thanks a bunch!

 17:12 * coolbhavi hugs dholbach back

 17:12 <pleia2> #topic Catch up with the IRC Council

 17:13 <coolbhavi> thanks CC

 17:13 <coolbhavi> :)

 17:13 <Pici> Hi

 17:13 <pleia2> welcome Tm_T, Pici and AlanBell!

 17:13 <pleia2> we haven't heard much from the IRCC lately, hopefully this means all is well :)

 17:13 <AlanBell> hi

 17:14 <pleia2> any concerns, challenges, success stories you'd care to share?

 17:14 <AlanBell> yeah, we have been a bit quiet

 17:14 <sabdfl> o/ sorry to be late

 17:14 <dholbach> hey sabdfl!

 17:14 <AlanBell> I think things are generally OK, we have been missing a few meetings though

 17:15 <Pici> We approved a new Ubuntu Member recently (m4v) though :)

 17:15 <Pici> Long overdue

 17:15 <IdleOne> YAY!

 17:15 <dholbach> What's been keeping you busy since we last met? :)

 17:15 <AlanBell> we are on top of most general issues like assigning cloaks, and yes, we approved M4V for membership, there are no outstanding applications

 17:15 <pleia2> another "oh, they weren't already a member?" :)

 17:15 <Pici> Pretty much.

 17:16 <pleia2> I do notice that next cycle we will have some restaffing to do

 17:16 * AlanBell checks on launchpad

 17:16 <Pici> There hasn't been many disputes that have needed the IRCC itself to intervene, which is nice.

 17:16 <dholbach> great

 17:16 <pleia2> that's great

 17:16 <AlanBell> end of December we expire

 17:16 <AlanBell> there was a bit of a dispute in the norway loco channel, but we worked with the loco leader to resolve that

 17:16 <dholbach> did you have any plans or tasks from one of the last UDSes?

 17:18 <Tm_T> I think one of the ongoing tasks is we should have a session or two on every cycle about IRC

 17:19 <dholbach> did you get feedback in those sessions? like anything that needs changing? or are you at a stage where you take care of normal business and everything's fine? :)

 17:19 <Tm_T> making us visible, so to speak

 17:19 <Tm_T> dholbach: more like I think we should make them more often

 17:20 <dholbach> ah, gotcha

 17:20 <Tm_T> one form of communication that is

 17:20 <AlanBell> we were doing new operators every UDS, in line with the dev cycle, then the UDS cycle changed a bit wiht the online UDS

 17:21 <AlanBell> so, when do we start the restaffing process given that we expire at the end of the year?

 17:21 <dholbach> right, that makes sense

 17:21 <dholbach> like 2-3 weeks before the expiry?

 17:21 <dholbach> https://wiki.ubuntu.com/CommunityCouncil/Restaffing should have more info

 17:22 <AlanBell> ah OK, so plenty of time still :)

 17:22 <dholbach> is there any help the IRCC needs or feedback or anything else?

 17:23 <Pici> The only thing I can think of is with the recent Edge announcement, we didn't have anywhere to route people initially.

 17:24 <AlanBell> don't think so, and I should note that I am pretty happy about the increased communications around the Ubuntu Edge thing compared to other surprises

 17:24 <AlanBell> Pici: yeah we did :)

 17:24 <pleia2> that's good to hear

 17:24 <dholbach> :-)

 17:25 <dholbach> great

 17:25 <Pici> AlanBell: well, we did, but I don't think we were all in the loop from the get go.  Anyway, it was much better than prior releases

 17:25 <Tm_T> improvement, definitely

 17:26 <Tm_T> also I liked much of the contact relating the forums incident

 17:26 <dholbach> Tm_T, you mean the analysis? or the communications during the incident?

 17:27 <Tm_T> communication that it happened and that it might affect irc channels by increasing traffic

 17:27 <dholbach> right

 17:27 <AlanBell> are the forums back to normal now? I haven't been tracking that one closely

 17:27 <Pici> AlanBell: I believe so.

 17:27 <Tm_T> AlanBell: up and running

 17:28 <Tm_T> just that login is changed, I have two accounts now

 17:28 <dholbach> yes, you log in through SSO and through some magic you can reconcile accounts

 17:28 <AlanBell> ok

 17:28 <Pici> We had a spike in traffic, but it wasn't as bad as I had expected.

 17:28 <dholbach> I didn't check for too long how that exactly works, I must admit

 17:29 <Tm_T> anyway, improvements on communication, I like

 17:29 <dholbach> I'm done with questions for the IRCC - I'm very happy with the work you're doing.

 17:29 <IdleOne> Would be nice to get some communication about how to reconcile the forums accounts (sorry for speaking out of turn)

 17:29 <pleia2> the forums council has been handling that

 17:30 <dholbach> maybe you can ping elfy about this

 17:30 <AlanBell> IdleOne: it is available if you try to log on to the forums looks OK to me

 17:30 <IdleOne> AlanBell: my account had a 2 added to it

 17:30 <pleia2> yeah, elfy helped me out

 17:30 <AlanBell> idletwo

 17:30 <dholbach> :)

 17:30 <Pici> pleia2: but... you normally have a 2 ;)

 17:30 <AlanBell> or idlethree perhaps :)

 17:31 <IdleOne> anyway, not a big deal and I'll ping elfy. thank you :)

 17:31 <dholbach> perfect :)

 17:31 <IdleOne> AlanBe11

 17:31 <dholbach> !!

 17:31 <dholbach> pleia2, sabdfl: any more questions for the IRCC from you?

 17:31 <pleia2> I'm all set

 17:34 <pleia2> thanks Pici, AlanBell and Tm_T (and IdleOne!)

 17:34 <dholbach> not sure if we lost sabdfl

 17:34 <IdleOne> :)

 17:34 <Pici> You know where to find us if you need anything :)

 17:34 <AlanBell> thanks o/

 17:34 <dholbach> that's right :)

 17:34 <Tm_T> thanks

 17:34 <dholbach> thanks a bunch!

 17:34 <pleia2> #topic Any other business

 17:34 <pleia2> does anyone have anything else?

 17:34 <dholbach> I'm all set

 17:37 <pleia2> ok, thanks everyone

 17:37 <pleia2> meeting up with the Doc team next meeting

 17:38 <pleia2> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)