== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 17 Sep at 20:11 &mdash; 20:47 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2013/ubuntu-meeting.2013-09-17-20.11.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/LoCoCouncil/Agenda 
 * '''Ubuntu Danmark Local Community''' (20:13)
=== Danish LoCo re verification ===
The discussion about "Danish LoCo re verification" started at 20:13.

  * ''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ubuntu-dk/ReApprovalApplication2013 
  * ''LINK:'' http://loco.ubuntu.com/teams/ubuntu-dk/events/history/ 
  * ''Vote:'' please vote on the reverification of the Danish LoCo (Carried)

=== Arizona LoCo Re verification ===
The discussion about "Arizona LoCo Re verification" started at 20:29.

  * ''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ArizonaTeam/ApprovalApplicationrenewal2013 
  * ''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ArizonaTeam/ApprovalApplicationrenewal2013 
  * ''LINK:'' http://loco.ubuntu.com/teams/ubuntu-arizona/events/history/ 
  * ''LINK:'' http://loco.ubuntu.com/teams/ubuntu-arizona/events/history/ 
  * ''Vote:'' please vote on the re verfication of the Arizona Team (Carried)



== Vote results ==

 * please vote on the re verfication of the Arizona Team
  * Motion carried (For/Against/Abstained 3/0/0)
 * please vote on the reverification of the Danish LoCo
  * Motion carried (For/Against/Abstained 4/0/0)



== Action items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * czajkowski (51)
 * costales (24)
 * meetingology (22)
 * Zilvador (19)
 * PabloRubianes (18)
 * toddc (12)
 * SergioMeneses (5)
 * nicky441 (2)
 * sbc (2)
 * AJenbo (2)
 * Christian_Arvai (1)



== Full Log ==


 20:11 <czajkowski> #startmeeting

 20:11 <meetingology> Meeting started Tue Sep 17 20:11:17 2013 UTC.  The chair is czajkowski. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 20:11 <meetingology> 

 20:11 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 20:11 <czajkowski> aloha

 20:11 <czajkowski> and welcome to this months LoCo Council meeting

 20:11 <czajkowski> #chair costales PabloRubianes SergioMeneses czajkowski

 20:11 <meetingology> Current chairs: PabloRubianes SergioMeneses costales czajkowski

 20:11 <costales> Hi! \o/

 20:12 <czajkowski> #link https://wiki.ubuntu.com/LoCoCouncil/Agenda

 20:12 <czajkowski> First team up tonight for reverfication is the Danish LoCo

 20:13 <PabloRubianes> #subtopic Ubuntu Danmark Local Community

 20:13 <czajkowski> #topic Danish LoCo re verification

 20:13 <PabloRubianes> sorry czajkowski

 20:13 <czajkowski> anyone here from the Danish LoCo

 20:13 <czajkowski> PabloRubianes: np :)

 20:13 <Zilvador> Yes o/

 20:13 <sbc> o/

 20:13 <nicky441> Yes

 20:13 <czajkowski> welcome

 20:13 <PabloRubianes> welcome!

 20:13 <AJenbo> o/

 20:13 <SergioMeneses> greetings ubuntu danmark!

 20:13 <Zilvador> Thank you

 20:13 <costales> welcome!

 20:13 <czajkowski> #link  https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ubuntu-dk/ReApprovalApplication2013

 20:13 <czajkowski> So how are things

 20:13 <costales> and good luck!

 20:14 <Zilvador> Things are going relatively good.

 20:15 <Zilvador> Admittedly we have not had as many events as we would like to recently.

 20:15 <czajkowski> Zilvador: it comes in waves :)

 20:16 <czajkowski> Zilvador: how does your team get people involved in running evets?

 20:16 <Zilvador> This is a consecuence of a decrease of partifcipation. For this reason we are currently reorganising and plan to make up a new strategy to attract more users...old as well as new ones

 20:16 <SergioMeneses> Zilvador,  that sounds great! and what do you have in mind?

 20:16 <Zilvador> Our greatest tool, so to speak, is our very active forum.

 20:16 <czajkowski> nods

 20:17 <Zilvador> Here we connect to a very large number of users and help them to solve general Ubuntu issues as well as discuss relevant topics.

 20:17 <Zilvador> Additionally we have mailing lists and irc channels which are used on daily or weekly basis, depending on need and participation

 20:17 <SergioMeneses> Zilvador, good one

 20:18 <costales> I saw a lot of installfest in the reports https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ubuntu-dk/TeamReports :) Do you have some pictures?

 20:18 <PabloRubianes> Zilvador: nice, you have meetups?, not events but like get together to have pizza?

 20:18 <czajkowski> #link http://loco.ubuntu.com/teams/ubuntu-dk/events/history/

 20:18 <czajkowski> amazing amount of events

 20:18 <czajkowski> well done folks

 20:18 <Zilvador> SergioMeneses: First of all we are planning to reach out to users both through our forum (as said, we have many users), but also through our Facebook page, seeing as how it is a very important tool for communication today

 20:19 <Zilvador> costales: I asked the organizers just the other day. Unfortunately they have not made pictures, though we have asked them to :)

 20:19 <SergioMeneses> social media is always a good tool :)

 20:20 <costales> Zilvador, OK :) Don't worry

 20:20 <costales> What happened with the Ubuntu Cafe in 2012? It they didn't work? :)

 20:20 <Zilvador> PabloRubianes: The current community is very spread out. Weekly meeting happen it two cities in Denmark and we hope to reinitiate meeting previously held with success in another city.

 20:20 <PabloRubianes> Zilvador: where's any issue you would like to share with the council to see if we can help you?

 20:21 <PabloRubianes> Zilvador: good :)

 20:22 <Zilvador> PabloRubianes: We would greatly appreciate if the council could give advice or share experiences regarding catching peoples attention to the work and events of the local community

 20:22 <Zilvador> Our current problem is exactly that...we lack attention. We have experimented both with online commercials and posters previously, but so far we have not reached as far out as we hoped to.

 20:23 <PabloRubianes> Zilvador: that's the hardest part of the LoCo, I found really useful for my LoCo to have meetings every month even for just a coffee

 20:23 <PabloRubianes> and use google hangouts

 20:24 <Zilvador> Google hangouts might be a good idea. We will take this into consideration

 20:24 <PabloRubianes> Zilvador: the Brazilian team does Q+A session on hangouts on Air and for them are really useful

 20:25 <PabloRubianes> Zilvador: irc is not as fun as hangouts :P

 20:25 <Zilvador> Also, informal meetings were initially a few friends just meet up to hopefully receive more potentials have been considered. These are among our plans for motivating future events and meetings.

 20:26 <PabloRubianes> i don't know if SergioMeneses or costales want to add anything else to this

 20:26 <Zilvador> PabloRubianes: We actually have a dedicated IRC channel for Q+A. An idea though might be to use this one for events as well or to turn it into a weekly hangout :)

 20:26 <costales> It's OK for me, ubuntu-dk did a great work :)

 20:26 <Zilvador> That could be a good idea

 20:26 <czajkowski> #voters costales PabloRubianes SergioMeneses czajkowski

 20:26 <meetingology> Current voters: PabloRubianes SergioMeneses costales czajkowski

 20:26 <costales> +1

 20:26 <czajkowski> #vote please vote on the reverification of the Danish LoCo

 20:26 <meetingology> Please vote on: please vote on the reverification of the Danish LoCo

 20:26 <meetingology> Public votes can be registered by saying +1, +0 or -1 in channel, (private votes don't work yet, but when they do it will be by messaging the channel followed by +1/-1/+0 to me)

 20:26 <czajkowski> +1 well done great work

 20:26 <meetingology> +1 well done great work received from czajkowski

 20:26 <costales> +1

 20:26 <meetingology> +1 received from costales

 20:27 <czajkowski> PabloRubianes: SergioMeneses

 20:27 <PabloRubianes> +1 nice work and good luck in the new plans

 20:27 <meetingology> +1 nice work and good luck in the new plans received from PabloRubianes

 20:27 <SergioMeneses> +1

 20:27 <meetingology> +1 received from SergioMeneses

 20:28 <czajkowski> #endvote

 20:28 <meetingology> Voting ended on: please vote on the reverification of the Danish LoCo

 20:28 <meetingology> Votes for:4 Votes against:0 Abstentions:0

 20:28 <meetingology> Motion carried

 20:28 <czajkowski> well done folks

 20:28 * sbc cheers

 20:28 <costales> Congrats team and thanks! Keep the hard work! :)

 20:28 <Christian_Arvai> thx

 20:28 <Zilvador> Thank you very much! :)

 20:28 <czajkowski> PabloRubianes: SergioMeneses costales which one of you wnat to add them to https://launchpad.net/~locoteams-verified

 20:28 <AJenbo> !

 20:28 <nicky441> We will indeed :) And thanks

 20:28 <Zilvador> We have actually one more thing to ask. If possible, we would appreciate it if we could receive more cd's with Ubuntu 12.04 LTS for handing out

 20:29 <PabloRubianes> czajkowski: o/

 20:29 <costales> czajkowski, I can :)

 20:29 <czajkowski> PabloRubianes: ok you do this one :)

 20:29 <czajkowski> costales: you're next

 20:29 <costales> ok ;)

 20:29 <czajkowski> #topic Arizona LoCo Re verification

 20:29 <czajkowski> #link https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ArizonaTeam/ApprovalApplicationrenewal2013

 20:30 <czajkowski> anyone here from Arizona ?

 20:32 <costales> ping ubuntu-arizona :)

 20:33 <czajkowski> toddc: aloha

 20:33 <toddc> HI we were trying to get on the schedule for next month

 20:34 <costales> Hi toddc :) Good luck!

 20:34 <czajkowski> toddc: do you want to wait till then ?

 20:34 <czajkowski> we're free now if you want to chat

 20:34 <toddc> I am here and free but but do have othe members availible  ATM

 20:35 <toddc> I can answer most questions

 20:35 <czajkowski> toddc: sure :)

 20:35 <costales> toddc, You have a lot of events! awesome!

 20:35 <czajkowski> #link https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ArizonaTeam/ApprovalApplicationrenewal2013

 20:35 <czajkowski> Firstly let me say what an amazing application

 20:35 <toddc> we have had a lot of growth over the last year--thank you

 20:35 <czajkowski> it's lovely to see how active you guys are

 20:35 <PabloRubianes> yes

 20:35 <czajkowski> toddc: how has that come about ?

 20:36 <PabloRubianes> really impressive!

 20:36 <costales> http://loco.ubuntu.com/teams/ubuntu-arizona/events/history/

 20:36 <toddc> we have a lot of luck working with other groups and schools

 20:36 <czajkowski> #link http://loco.ubuntu.com/teams/ubuntu-arizona/events/history/

 20:36 <czajkowski> you've had 46 events this year so far! OMG!

 20:37 <czajkowski> toddc: can you tell us a little about that ?

 20:38 <toddc> started with a monly installfest with another group and it has had a steady growth with more and more interest

 20:38 <costales> toddc, Are the installfest working well? Because you are doing a lot of them! :O Is there still someone without Ubuntu in Arizona? :P :D

 20:39 <toddc> we have expanded the installfests to include home servers and router mods --almost anything linux

 20:39 <costales> ;)

 20:39 <costales> good idea

 20:39 <toddc> the installfests have been a great place to work on projects with a good support system

 20:40 <PabloRubianes> nice way to work

 20:40 <toddc> streaming events is starting to expand our reach a bit also

 20:40 <czajkowski> oh good idea

 20:40 <costales> Do you have any issue? or things where the Council can help with?

 20:42 <toddc> not at the moment training new members and finding good guides to membership is our next focus

 20:42 <costales> great :)

 20:43 <czajkowski> great :)

 20:43 <czajkowski> toddc: any other comments?

 20:44 <toddc> none atm

 20:44 <czajkowski> #vote please vote on the re verfication of the Arizona Team

 20:44 <meetingology> Please vote on: please vote on the re verfication of the Arizona Team

 20:44 <meetingology> Public votes can be registered by saying +1, +0 or -1 in channel, (private votes don't work yet, but when they do it will be by messaging the channel followed by +1/-1/+0 to me)

 20:44 <czajkowski> +1 amazing work, love the installfests!

 20:44 <meetingology> +1 amazing work, love the installfests! received from czajkowski

 20:44 <costales> +1

 20:44 <meetingology> +1 received from costales

 20:44 <PabloRubianes> +1

 20:44 <meetingology> +1 received from PabloRubianes

 20:44 <PabloRubianes> keep working!

 20:44 <costales> You did an awesome work! Thanks ubuntu-arizona! :D

 20:45 <toddc> thank you all for the helping us stay active

 20:45 <czajkowski> #endvote

 20:45 <meetingology> Voting ended on: please vote on the re verfication of the Arizona Team

 20:45 <meetingology> Votes for:3 Votes against:0 Abstentions:0

 20:45 <meetingology> Motion carried

 20:45 <czajkowski> excellent work folks

 20:45 <czajkowski> costales: please update the Arizona team info on https://launchpad.net/~locoteams-verified

 20:45 <costales> Added to https://launchpad.net/~locoteams-verified

 20:47 <czajkowski> yay

 20:47 <czajkowski> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)