== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 02 Sep at 20:01 &mdash; 20:22 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2013/ubuntu-meeting.2013-09-02-20.01.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Action review ===
The discussion about "Action review" started at 20:01.


=== Technical board restaffing ===
The discussion about "Technical board restaffing" started at 20:05.


=== Review people in the ~uds-organizers team (cjohnston) ===
The discussion about "Review people in the ~uds-organizers team (cjohnston)" started at 20:07.


=== AOB ===
The discussion about "AOB" started at 20:17.




== Vote results ==




== Action items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * cjwatson (25)
 * pitti (13)
 * stgraber (3)
 * soren (3)
 * meetingology (3)



== Full Log ==


 20:01 <cjwatson> #startmeeting

 20:01 <meetingology> Meeting started Mon Sep  2 20:01:09 2013 UTC.  The chair is cjwatson. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 20:01 <meetingology> 

 20:01 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 20:01 <cjwatson> #topic Action review

 20:01 <cjwatson> I see nothing from http://irclogs.ubuntu.com/2013/08/19/%23ubuntu-meeting.html#t19:59; anything I've missed?

 20:02 <soren> If so, I'm missing it too.

 20:03 <pitti> there's still kees' MRE review

 20:03 <pitti> but that's something which is better done via email anyway

 20:03 <cjwatson> That's the next thing on the agenda, but if people prefer to do it by mail, I'm happy to skip it here.

 20:05 <cjwatson> Especially because (as I just mailed) I don't believe the output of that script :-)

 20:05 <cjwatson> #topic Technical board restaffing

 20:05 <cjwatson> Has anyone e-mailed Mark to let him know that we need a round of nominations and elections?

 20:06 <pitti> ah, good point; I didn't see anything (that certainly should be CCed to tb@)

 20:06 <pitti> can do

 20:06 <cjwatson> If nobody has, I'll do it as part of writing up minutes for this meeting, although perhaps it would be better from somebody who's continuing on the board

 20:06 <cjwatson> So if you'd like to chase it, that would be great

 20:07 <pitti> ack

 20:07 <cjwatson> Thanks

 20:07 <cjwatson> Start thinking of whom you'd like to encourage to stand :-)

 20:07 <cjwatson> #topic Review people in the ~uds-organizers team (cjohnston)

 20:08 <pitti> I did an initial review this afternoon, stgraber and kees replied with some updates

 20:09 <pitti> from my POV I'd deactivate the first block (plus stgraber's updates), and set all others to renewal every 6 months?

 20:09 <pitti> (self-renewal)

 20:10 <stgraber> yeah, I think turning on self-renewal for the team is a good idea and for those we're not too sure about, setting an initial expiry a bit closer (couple of weeks) would help cleaning up the team

 20:10 <pitti> ack

 20:10 <cjwatson> I e-mailed with a couple of others for the definitely-out-of-date list

 20:11 <cjwatson> I don't think there's a great urgency; from my POV a month is fine since this is still kind of holiday season

 20:11 <cjwatson> And there's no UDS coming up now

 20:12 <cjwatson> Self-renewal for the whole team is a good idea

 20:12 <cjwatson> I think a year (as on the list) is probably better than six months - I get enough LP mail :)

 20:13 <pitti> agreed, as a general default

 20:13 <pitti> and a month or two for the current cleanup

 20:13 <cjwatson> Yep

 20:14 <cjwatson> One year / one month; any dissent?

 20:15 <soren> I'm fine with whatever.

 20:15 <stgraber> +1 for one year / one month

 20:16 <cjwatson> OK, I call that carried by acclamation

 20:17 <cjwatson> nothing else on the mailing list that I see

 20:17 <cjwatson> no open bugs

 20:17 <cjwatson> #topic AOB

 20:17 <pitti> nothing from me

 20:18 <soren> nor me

 20:18 <stgraber> nothing here

 20:18 <pitti> I'll do the ~uds-organizers fiddling (just changed the defaults for new members)

 20:22 <cjwatson> Righto, thanks

 20:22 <cjwatson> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)