== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting: IRC Team, 24 Nov at 20:03 &mdash; 20:36 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2013/ubuntu-meeting.2013-11-24-20.03.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/IRC/IrcCouncil/MeetingAgenda is the agenda
''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/MeetingLogs/IRCC/20131027 was the last meeting
=== Review last meetings action items ===
The discussion about "Review last meetings action items" started at 20:08.


=== Open items in the IRCC tracker ===
The discussion about "Open items in the IRCC tracker" started at 20:09.


=== Review Bugs related to the Ubuntu IRC Council ===
The discussion about "Review Bugs related to the Ubuntu IRC Council" started at 20:09.


=== Operator Applicants ===
The discussion about "Operator Applicants" started at 20:09.

  * ''LINK:'' https://launchpad.net/~irc-lubuntu-ops seems to have one pending, I'd +1.

=== Any Other Business ===
The discussion about "Any Other Business" started at 20:17.




== Vote results ==




== Action items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * AlanBell (36)
 * IdleOne (15)
 * Pici (12)
 * phunyguy (5)
 * topyli (5)
 * Unit193 (5)
 * meetingology (3)



== Full Log ==


 20:03 <AlanBell> #startmeeting IRC Team

 20:03 <meetingology> Meeting started Sun Nov 24 20:03:19 2013 UTC.  The chair is AlanBell. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 20:03 <meetingology> 

 20:03 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 20:03 <AlanBell> hi all

 20:03 <Pici> howdy

 20:03 <AlanBell> https://wiki.ubuntu.com/IRC/IrcCouncil/MeetingAgenda is the agenda

 20:04 <Pici> Do we have anything from last meeting to discuss?

 20:07 <AlanBell> https://wiki.ubuntu.com/MeetingLogs/IRCC/20131027 was the last meeting

 20:07 <AlanBell> still not done many cloak removals :(

 20:08 <AlanBell> #topic Review last meetings action items

 20:08 <Pici> I think we have a few more anyway, I saw at least one get emailed to us recently.

 20:08 <AlanBell> yup, the script needs re-running and just processing

 20:09 <AlanBell> lets rattle through the rest of the agenda and then do that

 20:09 <AlanBell> #topic Open items in the IRCC tracker

 20:09 <AlanBell> no items in the tracker, I just checked

 20:09 <AlanBell> #topic Review Bugs related to the Ubuntu IRC Council

 20:09 <AlanBell> no new bugs reported

 20:09 <Pici> I just checked as well.

 20:09 <AlanBell> #topic Operator Applicants

 20:10 <AlanBell> we do have some operator applicants that we mentioned in the prior meeting

 20:10 <Pici> I spoke to someone the other day that expressed interest, I'm not sure if they applied or not though

 20:12 <Unit193> https://launchpad.net/~irc-lubuntu-ops seems to have one pending, I'd +1.

 20:12 <Pici> agreed

 20:12 <AlanBell> yup, lets just make that one happen :)

 20:13 <topyli> yes let's

 20:13 <AlanBell> gah, my irssi script has messed up, pici/topyli can you sort out the flags for that

 20:14 <Pici> sure

 20:14 <Unit193> (Already did.)

 20:14 <AlanBell> also xubuntu

 20:15 <Pici> done

 20:16 <Unit193> Pici: Don't like templates? ;)

 20:16 <Pici> Unit193: nope

 20:17 <AlanBell> ok, no membership applications on the agenda

 20:17 <AlanBell> #topic Any Other Business

 20:18 <AlanBell> I think the main thing to discuss is the nomination(s) for the next IRCC term

 20:18 <Pici> I suppose we have until the end of the month to get our nominations in.

 20:18 <AlanBell> yup, end of the month is the deadline

 20:19 <IdleOne> afaik only Tm_T has nominated himself, right?

 20:19 <AlanBell> the announcment has been on the mailing list and on the fridge/planet ubuntu

 20:19 <AlanBell> IdleOne: I believe that is the case at the moment

 20:20 <Pici> Personally, I'm waiting to see who else steps forward.

 20:21 <AlanBell> me too :)

 20:22 <topyli> i'm not

 20:22 <IdleOne> :/

 20:22 * phunyguy giggles

 20:23 <AlanBell> so, is there something else we could be doing to encourage more nominations?

 20:24 <IdleOne> AlanBell: I doubt it

 20:24 <Pici> free parking?

 20:25 <IdleOne> haha

 20:25 <Unit193> The dark side has cookies, yes.

 20:28 <AlanBell> I was wondering if the recent open letter and discussions would prompt some people to nominate themselves/each other

 20:28 <AlanBell> or if it would put people off :/

 20:28 <IdleOne> it is unfortunate but I think many people are put off by it

 20:28 <AlanBell> yeah, I was rather disappointed by the timing of it when I saw it

 20:29 <IdleOne> I think the effect did not match the intent

 20:31 <IdleOne> hypothetical question, what would happen if there was no IRCC for a cycle ?

 20:31 <IdleOne> How would it effect the IRC team?

 20:31 <Unit193> Tm_T does it all.

 20:32 <AlanBell> interesting question

 20:32 <IdleOne> Unit193: I thought he already did :)

 20:32 <AlanBell> I am thinking we should schedule an IRC team meeting for next saturday, which is basically the deadline

 20:32 <IdleOne> but seriously, say there is no IRCC. Does it all explode?

 20:32 <AlanBell> at that meeting we can count up the nominations and figure out what happens next

 20:32 <phunyguy> What are the requirements for an IRCC seat?

 20:33 <IdleOne> need to be an ubuntu member

 20:33 <topyli> phunyguy: you must be an ubuntu member, that's it iirc

 20:33 <AlanBell> phunyguy: https://wiki.ubuntu.com/IRC/IrcCouncil

 20:33 <phunyguy> ah.  Ok then.

 20:33 <IdleOne> and it should be cushioned

 20:33 <IdleOne> I refuse to sit on a hard seat

 20:33 <phunyguy> (That page said everyone is welcome to apply)

 20:33 <AlanBell> and nominate yourself, and not be pruned by the CC

 20:34 <topyli> and get people to vote for you

 20:34 <topyli> childsplay!

 20:34 <IdleOne> a lot like US presidential elections if you think about it

 20:34 <AlanBell> phunyguy: yeah, it does, but it also lists the requirements Ubuntu membership (Essential)

 20:35 <phunyguy> yep i see it now.

 20:35 <IdleOne> AlanBell: +1 on scheduling a meeting for next Saturday

 20:35 <AlanBell> ok, anything else to discuss right now?

 20:36 <AlanBell> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)