== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 08 Jul at 16:35 &mdash; 16:56 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2013/ubuntu-meeting.2013-07-08-16.35.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting 
=== Announcements ===
The discussion about "Announcements" started at 16:35.


=== Weekly stand-up report ===
The discussion about "Weekly stand-up report" started at 16:35.


=== Highlighted packages ===
The discussion about "Highlighted packages" started at 16:45.

  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/heimdal.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/hostapd.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/flatnuke.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/tinymce.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/openvas-server.html 

=== Miscellaneous and Questions ===
The discussion about "Miscellaneous and Questions" started at 16:46.




== Vote results ==




== Action items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * jdstrand (25)
 * mdeslaur (6)
 * tyhicks (6)
 * sarnold (5)
 * sbeattie (5)
 * jjohansen (4)
 * meetingology (3)
 * ubottu (1)



== Full Log ==


 16:35 <jdstrand> #startmeeting

 16:35 <meetingology> Meeting started Mon Jul  8 16:35:04 2013 UTC.  The chair is jdstrand. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:35 <meetingology> 

 16:35 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 16:35 <jdstrand> The meeting agenda can be found at:

 16:35 <jdstrand> [LINK] https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting

 16:35 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Announcements

 16:35 <jdstrand> Christian Kuersteiner (ckuerste) provided debdiffs to lucid, precise, to fix libopenid-ruby (LP: #1190491). Your work is very much appreciated and will keep Ubuntu users secure.

 16:35 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1190491 in ruby-openid (Ubuntu Quantal) "XML denial of service vulnerability" [Medium,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1190491

 16:35 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Weekly stand-up report

 16:35 <jdstrand> I'll go first

 16:35 <jdstrand> I'm on triage this week

 16:35 <jdstrand> last week did various !AppArmor work in support of click packages, application isolation and the SDK. Some more to do there. Uploading patches to !AppArmor today (two uploads for saucy for now-- one with and without apache 2.4 patches

 16:36 <jdstrand> I have several pending updates I am trying to get out too

 16:36 <jdstrand> and patch piloting got deferred to this week

 16:36 <jdstrand> mdeslaur: you're up

 16:36 <mdeslaur> I just published raptor2 updates

 16:36 <mdeslaur> I'm on community this week

 16:36 <mdeslaur> I'm working on some ruby updates at the moment

 16:36 <mdeslaur> and have some other updates to test

 16:36 <mdeslaur> that's it from me

 16:36 <mdeslaur> sbeattie: you're up

 16:37 <sbeattie> I'm on apparmor this week

 16:37 <sbeattie> I'm also working on the SDK/click stuff.

 16:37 <sbeattie> I also need to review the bits that jdstrand has worked on.

 16:38 <sbeattie> That's pretty much the focus for me this week. tyhicks?

 16:38 <tyhicks> I'm currently finishing up a lot of changes to the apparmor regression tests for dbus

 16:38 <tyhicks> One of the changes addresses hangs that jdstrand experienced last week on a loaded system

 16:39 <tyhicks> I'll be working to drive the dbus syntax to completion

 16:39 <tyhicks> I wasn't able to get to any of the eCryptfs maintainership duties that I mentioned last week, so those will have to be done this week

 16:39 <tyhicks> I think that's it for me

 16:39 <tyhicks> jjohansen: you're up

 16:40 <jjohansen> well there will be some syntax completion work this week

 16:40 <jjohansen> an apparmor meeting to prep for

 16:41 <jjohansen> and I will be continuing to work on my apparmor wi for July

 16:42 <jjohansen> I think that is it from me, sarnold your up

 16:43 <sarnold> I'm going to finish review of aa-easyprof changes, apparmor 2.8.2 release, and MIR audits this week

 16:44 <jdstrand> sarnold: sorry for another big patch :) I think that may be it for a little bit anyway

 16:44 <sarnold> apparmor 2.8.2 relies upon sbeattie or jjohansen to help walk me through it, but I think we wanted it released before tomorrow's apparmor meeting, so it'll probably happen today :)

 16:44 <sarnold> jdstrand: oh cool :)

 16:45 <sbeattie> sarnold: I'll help guide you along for 2.8.2

 16:45 <sarnold> ah, no chrisccoulson, jdstrand, back to you :)

 16:45 <sarnold> sbeattie: thanks

 16:45 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Highlighted packages

 16:45 <jdstrand> The Ubuntu Security team will highlight some community-supported packages that might be good candidates for updating and or triaging. If you would like to help Ubuntu and not sure where to start, this is a great way to do so.

 16:45 <jdstrand> See https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/UpdateProcedures for details and if you have any questions, feel free to ask in #ubuntu-security. To find out other ways of helping out, please see https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/GettingInvolved.

 16:45 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/heimdal.html

 16:45 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/hostapd.html

 16:45 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/flatnuke.html

 16:45 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/tinymce.html

 16:45 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/openvas-server.html

 16:46 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Miscellaneous and Questions

 16:46 <jdstrand> Does anyone have any other questions or items to discuss?

 16:56 <jdstrand> mdeslaur, sbeattie, tyhicks, jjohansen, sarnold: thanks!

 16:56 <jdstrand> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)