#title #ubuntu-meeting Meeting

Meeting started by jdstrand at 18:02:18 UTC.  The full logs are
available at
http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2013/ubuntu-meeting.2013-03-04-18.02.log.html
.



== Meeting summary ==

''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting   (jdstrand, 18:02:28)
 *Announcements

 *Weekly stand-up report

 *Highlighted packages
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/beaker.html   (jdstrand, 18:13:22)
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/gnustep-base.html   (jdstrand, 18:13:24)
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/cobbler.html   (jdstrand, 18:13:27)
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/squidclamav.html   (jdstrand, 18:13:29)
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/qmail.html   (jdstrand, 18:13:33)

 *Miscellaneous and Questions



Meeting ended at 18:21:42 UTC.



== Votes ==




== Action items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * jdstrand (26)
 * mdeslaur (6)
 * tyhicks (6)
 * sbeattie (5)
 * jjohansen (4)
 * sarnold (3)
 * meetingology (3)



== Full Log ==


 18:02:18 <jdstrand> #startmeeting

 18:02:18 <meetingology> Meeting started Mon Mar  4 18:02:18 2013 UTC.  The chair is jdstrand. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 18:02:18 <meetingology> 

 18:02:18 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 18:02:21 <jdstrand> The meeting agenda can be found at:

 18:02:28 <jdstrand> [LINK] https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting

 18:02:32 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Announcements

 18:02:45 <jdstrand> UDS is this week. Be sure to check the schedule for things to attend and subscribe to blueprints

 18:03:09 <jdstrand> atm, we are leading just one session on webkit, but there is a lot of others to attend

 18:03:22 * jdstrand is leading the webkit one

 18:04:11 <jdstrand> we decided not to rehash the stuff we are currently working on and will just plan for the months based on what we have, since it is all still relevant

 18:04:26 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Weekly stand-up report

 18:04:28 <jdstrand> I'll go first

 18:04:39 <jdstrand> I'm on community this week

 18:05:04 <jdstrand> this week is mostly about planning and UDS for me

 18:05:25 <jdstrand> I'm also on the books to patch pilot (I may do that late in the week)

 18:05:33 <jdstrand> mdeslaur: you're up

 18:05:51 <mdeslaur> I'm in the happy place this week! :P

 18:06:01 <mdeslaur> this week, I'm working on python-django, and will be attending UDS

 18:06:15 <mdeslaur> I have a couple of bugs to investigate

 18:06:25 <mdeslaur> and will pick something else off the CVE list time-premitting

 18:06:28 <mdeslaur> that's it for me

 18:06:31 <mdeslaur> sbeattie: you're up

 18:06:46 <sbeattie> I'm on apparmor again this week.

 18:07:00 <sbeattie> Still working on the display manager prototype.

 18:07:11 <sbeattie> I'll also be prepping for ad attending UDS.

 18:07:20 <sbeattie> s/ad/and/

 18:07:27 <sbeattie> that's it for me, tyhicks?

 18:08:02 <tyhicks> I need to do some prep for UDS today (and obviously attend it tue and wed)

 18:08:21 <tyhicks> I am finishing the kernel and libapparmor query interface patches

 18:08:44 <tyhicks> That's probably about it

 18:08:48 <tyhicks> jjohansen: you're up

 18:09:19 <jjohansen> well I am prepping for and attending UDS this week

 18:10:17 <jjohansen> after which I will be syncing up with tyhicks on the new query interface and testing dbus with the base socket labeling

 18:10:43 <tyhicks> Oh yeah, I'll also be updating the dbus code to use the socket based labeling

 18:11:18 <tyhicks> jjohansen: I see that a new raring kernel is out, so I'll also rebase our apparmor patches in the dbus-dev PPA

 18:11:49 <jjohansen> and if there is time I will also work on fixing some of the stacking problems when the stack is split across a namespace

 18:11:57 <jjohansen> sarnold: your up

 18:12:27 <sarnold> I'm on triage this week, uds of course, and going through John's patches (yay, I'm past rcu :)

 18:12:40 <sarnold> I'm looking forward to some tyhicks's patches too :D nom nom nom

 18:12:58 <sarnold> jdstrand: back to you

 18:13:03 <jdstrand> thanks

 18:13:05 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Highlighted packages

 18:13:14 <jdstrand> The Ubuntu Security team will highlight some community-supported packages that might be good candidates for updating and or triaging. If you would like to help Ubuntu and not sure where to start, this is a great way to do so.

 18:13:18 <jdstrand> See https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/UpdateProcedures for details and if you have any questions, feel free to ask in #ubuntu-security. To find out other ways of helping out, please see https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/GettingInvolved.

 18:13:22 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/beaker.html

 18:13:24 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/gnustep-base.html

 18:13:27 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/cobbler.html

 18:13:29 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/squidclamav.html

 18:13:33 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/qmail.html

 18:13:47 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Miscellaneous and Questions

 18:13:50 <jdstrand> Does anyone have any other questions or items to discuss?

 18:21:42 <jdstrand> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)