== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting: Ubuntu Developer Membership Board, 17 Jun at 19:02 &mdash; 19:58 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2013/ubuntu-meeting.2013-06-17-19.02.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Review of previous action items ===
The discussion about "Review of previous action items" started at 19:02.


=== Louis Bouchard's Contributing Developer application ===
The discussion about "Louis Bouchard's Contributing Developer application" started at 19:38.

  * ''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/LouisBouchard 
  * ''Vote:'' should caribou become an ubuntu contributing developer? (Carried)

=== AOB ===
The discussion about "AOB" started at 19:55.




== Vote results ==


 * should caribou become an ubuntu contributing developer?
  * Motion carried (For/Against/Abstained 5/0/0)



== Action items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * Laney (55)
 * tumbleweed (44)
 * caribou (32)
 * micahg-work (31)
 * barry (21)
 * meetingology (14)
 * stgraber (11)
 * bdrung (8)



== Full Log ==


 19:02 <tumbleweed> #startmeeting Ubuntu Developer Membership Board

 19:02 <meetingology> Meeting started Mon Jun 17 19:02:03 2013 UTC.  The chair is tumbleweed. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 19:02 <meetingology> 

 19:02 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 19:02 <tumbleweed> can someone else volunteer to chair if I have network trouble again / have to run off? I'll handle the minutes etc.

 19:02 * barry can

 19:02 <tumbleweed> thanks

 19:02 <tumbleweed> #chair barry

 19:02 <meetingology> Current chairs: barry tumbleweed

 19:02 <tumbleweed> #topic Review of previous action items

 19:03 <tumbleweed> barry to send outcome of sweetshark ppu vote

 19:03 <barry> done

 19:03 <tumbleweed> everyone read and amend http://pad.ubuntu.com/dmb-ppu-membership-proposal, and sign up for the implementation tasks

 19:03 <tumbleweed> Laney: care to drive this?

 19:03 <Laney> rather micahg did if he's here

 19:03 <tumbleweed> ah, of course

 19:03 * stgraber waves

 19:04 <stgraber> (sorry, just got out of another meeting, it's that kind of day...)

 19:04 <Laney> :(

 19:04 <Laney> ok, seems not

 19:04 <Laney> so I think we're all agreed on the principle

 19:05 <Laney> that we shouldn't always require membership contributions

 19:05 <Laney> err wtf

 19:05 <Laney> membership levels of involement from new developers

 19:06 <Laney> the remaining questions are about precisely where we should set the new boundaries

 19:06 <Laney> like:

 19:06 <Laney> - which, if any, packagesets should this apply to?

 19:06 <Laney> - should it be open to all PPU?

 19:07 <Laney> and there's questions about how to design the application procedure (should considering membership be implicit?)

 19:07 <barry> Laney: i wonder if we can start small and just apply it to ppu and not package sets (although there may be some overlap, but ignore that for now)

 19:07 <Laney> ah, I think it's non-controversial enough that we can deal with it all at once

 19:08 <Laney> and one thing I thought of is that we should probably say that all devs need to have signed the CoC I suppose

 19:08 * bdrung nods.

 19:09 <tumbleweed> our membership-monitoring thing already enforces CoC for all uploaders IIRC

 19:09 <Laney> right, but that requirement is implicit because of membership

 19:09 <Laney> we just need to say it

 19:09 <stgraber> barry: I don't see much of a point to distinguish between PPU and packageset as the concerns at least for me are similar. e.g. I'd be oposed to give PPU to xserver-xorg to a non-member just as much as I'd to give xorg packageset rights to a non-member. Packagesets indeed are just a level of abstraction on top of PPU, so the two should be treated the same way.

 19:09 <micahg-work> I would think that CoC needs to apply to uploaders as well

 19:09 <Laney> i don't think it's a controversial suggestion - the smallest tweak of the lot of them really ...

 19:10 <Laney> let's take the packageset question

 19:10 <micahg-work> it's a standard for interaction with the community, not just a prerequisite for membership

 19:11 <Laney> I saw we just treat packagesets as a convenience aggregating PPU together

 19:11 <micahg-work> well, that's one type

 19:11 <Laney> but there are 'flavour' packagesets which are somewhat different

 19:11 <micahg-work> right, that's the other

 19:12 <tumbleweed> and, package sets that consist of many (or entirely of) seeded packages

 19:13 <micahg-work> umm...well, I see that as one of the two other cases

 19:13 <tumbleweed> they have a lot in common with flavour packagesets, without necessarily being flavour packagesets

 19:13 <micahg-work> tumbleweed, example pleasE?

 19:13 <micahg-work> flavor packagesets imply project level involvement

 19:13 <tumbleweed> core was mentioned in the discussion earlier. xorg?

 19:14 <stgraber> core, desktop-core, xorg, ubuntu-desktop, ubuntu-server, ...

 19:14 <stgraber> we have a few of those

 19:14 <micahg-work> core packageset isn't a packageset for these purposes IMHO, that would be core-dev

 19:14 <Laney> I can't imagine entertaining an application for the first two

 19:14 <Laney> not without other changes anyway

 19:14 <micahg-work> right

 19:14 <micahg-work> the last 2 are flavors

 19:14 <micahg-work> xorg has seeded content, but that's aggregate PPU IMHO

 19:15 <tumbleweed> and we'd be unlikley to give a new person upload access to it. But conceputally, it probably doesn't require membership

 19:15 <Laney> right

 19:16 <barry> well, one way it could work is that the general rule is membership is not necessary for ppu.  then we have a black list of packages for which membership *is* required.  then if any of those packages appear in a package-set, the set is also blacklisted.  it means the level of check/control is at the package level

 19:16 <Laney> haha

 19:16 <micahg-work> I'm not sure about which problem we're trying to solve here

 19:17 <bdrung> would having all main packages in the blacklist too restrict?

 19:17 <Laney> yes

 19:17 <tumbleweed> micahg-work: making it clear to applicants whether they need membership or not

 19:17 <micahg-work> If we are trusting them with upload rights for these important packages, we're inherently trusting them not to break stuff

 19:17 <micahg-work> tumbleweed, no, I mean the issue of packagesets like xorg requiring membership

 19:17 <tumbleweed> yeah, agreed with you

 19:18 <micahg-work> having membership shouldn't improve that "trust" any

 19:18 <Laney> Right, we're not lowering any technical requirements here

 19:18 <Laney> so if they know everything they need to to upload then I don't see any need to require s&s on top of that

 19:19 <micahg-work> and if we're worried someone's going to break the archive during a milestone or what not, we probably shouldn't be giving them upload rights in the first place

 19:20 <tumbleweed> ok, flavour packagesets?

 19:22 <micahg-work> flavor packagesets have project level scope IMHO and should require membership (in that we want flavors integrated into the main Ubuntu community and not islands amongst themselves)

 19:22 <tumbleweed> yeah, my feeling too

 19:22 <Laney> same

 19:22 <Laney> for the same reason we'll continue requiring it for motu/core-dev

 19:22 <tumbleweed> can we vote on this proposal, or is there anything else we need to hash out?

 19:22 <bdrung> which criteria do we want to use for requiring significant & sustainable contribution?

 19:22 <micahg-work> stgraber, how do you feel about all this?

 19:23 <stgraber> micahg-work: still not too happy about opening the possiblity of the DMB granting upload rights to critical packages without requiring membership. I know that the current DMB probably is reasonable about it, but I'm not thrilled about the documented new process being that open.

 19:24 <Laney> I guess I don't feel that membership is where concerns about individual developers are likely to be

 19:24 <Laney> it's going to be at their technical judgement

 19:25 <micahg-work> right, that's how I feel as well

 19:25 <stgraber> well, I personally tend to like people who have upload rights to packages installed by default on my system to have been around for at least a whole cycle

 19:25 <tumbleweed> I don't want non-member developers to be come a norm

 19:26 <micahg-work> stgraber, we can make being around a whole cycle a requirement without requiring membership (not requiring significant or sustained, just the time period)

 19:26 <tumbleweed> would we be prepared to limit this to entirely non-main package (-set)s ?

 19:26 <stgraber> so I'm happy to grant non-member PPU to some upstream dev maintaining their package in universe, but I'd prefer to have the process restricted in a way that ensures that

 19:26 <Laney> I think that any DMB the community has confidence in will be rigorous enough

 19:26 <stgraber> micahg-work: then I think I'd be happy with that

 19:27 <Laney> what is 'being around'?

 19:27 <Laney> time from first upload to application?

 19:27 <micahg-work> we already require understanding of the release schedule for upload rights

 19:27 <tumbleweed> being around a whole cycle, but not a member doesn't sound like a common scenario

 19:27 <Laney> indeed

 19:27 <micahg-work> Laney, well, either that or first contribution (bzr included)

 19:27 <stgraber> Laney: either first upload or testimonial from a current dev that the applicant has been anoying them for over 6 months

 19:28 <micahg-work> just being exposed to the release process

 19:31 <tumbleweed> how about if instead of requiring non-main, we added a sentence to the effect of: Upload rights to core (seeded) packages will require sustained experience in the project (usually meaning membership)?

 19:31 <bdrung> +1

 19:32 * tumbleweed isn't convinced that membership from forums would make us happy about upload rights to xorg, though :P

 19:32 <Laney> fine, but I don't see the point in singling packages out like that

 19:32 <Laney> I'd rather make explicit that we'll require a level of trust that is appropriate for the packages in question

 19:32 <micahg-work> tumbleweed, right, that's the catch, you can get membership for a lot of different things

 19:32 <Laney> so nethack not so much, binutils perhaps a bit more

 19:33 <micahg-work> Laney, I think that's fair

 19:33 <Laney> which is of course what happens already

 19:33 <micahg-work> right

 19:33 <tumbleweed> Laney: the level of trust expectation is already there

 19:34 <tumbleweed> level of trust doesn't mean experience of release process, which is what stgraber seems concerned about

 19:34 <micahg-work> tumbleweed, it does to some extent

 19:34 <micahg-work> especially WRT seeded packages

 19:34 <micahg-work> it's one of the components

 19:34 <Laney> well it doesn't say "you have to have been around for X months" indeed

 19:34 <Laney> but the DMB has to convince itself

 19:35 * Laney shrugs

 19:35 <micahg-work> I'm fine with explicit vagueness if it solves the problem

 19:35 <Laney> if this is what we need to move on then so be it

 19:35 <tumbleweed> clarity of our expectations would also be useful

 19:35 <tumbleweed> OK, so while we consider this. What's next

 19:35 <tumbleweed> mail final wording to TB for signoff?

 19:36 <tumbleweed> can we get a final wording now? or this this meeting not going to do it for us?

 19:36 <tumbleweed> we have an applicant to process, too

 19:36 <Laney> wording of what?

 19:36 <Laney> an announcement?

 19:37 <tumbleweed> the proposal, if we want their signoff

 19:37 <Laney> I guess just edit the pad that I started already to reflect what we decide now

 19:37 <tumbleweed> ok, I think we should move on now, we can revisit this later

 19:37 <Laney> then ask the TB to ack/nack it at their meeting

 19:37 <tumbleweed> remaining action item:

 19:37 <tumbleweed> laney to update DD-PPU process to say that any ubuntu-dev is eligible

 19:38 <Laney> yeah sorry didn't do that yet

 19:38 <tumbleweed> ok, carried

 19:38 <Laney> but we got an applicant through it anyway

 19:38 <Laney> so seems ok

 19:38 <tumbleweed> #topic Louis Bouchard's Contributing Developer application

 19:38 <tumbleweed> caribou: hi

 19:38 <caribou> Hello everyone

 19:38 <caribou> tumbleweed: o/

 19:38 <tumbleweed> caribou: please introduce your application

 19:38 <tumbleweed> https://wiki.ubuntu.com/LouisBouchard

 19:39 <caribou> My name is Louis Bouchard

 19:39 <caribou> I've been working on Ubuntu as my day job for a bit more than 2 years noew

 19:39 <caribou> but started using ubuntu in 2006 with Edgy

 19:40 <caribou> I will not repeat what you can read on the Wiki page

 19:40 <caribou> I come from the dark side of proprietary softwarea long long time ago

 19:40 <tumbleweed> heh

 19:40 <caribou> I involvment with Ubuntu is mainly around bug fixing, SRU etc

 19:41 <caribou> I also do some mentored packaging on the debian side of things

 19:41 <tumbleweed> great to hear

 19:41 <caribou> Since my involvment has been regularly increasing with Ubuntu, I thought it was appropriate to apply for UCD

 19:42 <tumbleweed> I'm afraid I have to run off in a minute, but hopefully barry can continue chairing the meeting for me

 19:42 <tumbleweed> caribou: when do you expect to be applying for upload rigths?

 19:42 <caribou> most of my involvment is around Foundation packages, with a bit of work on the kernel side

 19:42 <caribou> I want to get more exposure with merges and also participate in PlusOne to get more experience

 19:42 * barry takes a seat

 19:43 <barry> caribou: have you scheduled your plus-one yet?

 19:43 <caribou> no, not yet. I will need some hand-holding in that direction

 19:44 <caribou> but some of my colleagues have participated a few cycles already

 19:44 <caribou> so they can help

 19:44 <barry> caribou: it's a great learning experience

 19:44 <caribou> barry: that's what I heard, which triggered my interest

 19:44 <caribou> merging is also something I'm curious about.

 19:45 <caribou> I see packaging from the debian side of things only right now

 19:45 <caribou> though it's a rather small package

 19:46 <caribou> I also think that PlusOne will help me in may daily activities

 19:46 <caribou> anything else I can outline for you ?

 19:46 <bdrung> caribou: i saw that makedumpfile is arch restricted. is that intentional?

 19:47 <caribou> bdrung: there seems to be some issues currently with the ARM side of things

 19:47 <caribou> bdrung: there is an open Debian bug about it that needs my attention

 19:48 <caribou> bdrung: aside from that, I think that there is one specific PPC patch laying around that might explain it

 19:48 <bdrung> caribou: but shouldn't it work on all architectures (besides bugs)?

 19:49 <caribou> afaik makedumpfile do make some assumptions regarding specific architectures

 19:49 <caribou> bdrung: as it works in a kexec triggered kernel boot that is somewhat different from a regular boot environment

 19:50 <bdrung> ah, okay

 19:51 <caribou> bdrung: that might come from debian's inheritance as well, since I don't think we do specific changes to the package on Ubuntu

 19:51 <caribou> I see it listed for amd64, i386, ia64 and powerpc only on Debian

 19:52 <barry> caribou: thanks.  i think we're ready to vote

 19:52 <barry> #vote should caribou become an ubuntu contributing developer?

 19:52 <meetingology> Please vote on: should caribou become an ubuntu contributing developer?

 19:52 <meetingology> Public votes can be registered by saying +1, +0 or -1 in channel, (private votes don't work yet, but when they do it will be by messaging the channel followed by +1/-1/+0 to me)

 19:53 <bdrung> +1

 19:53 <meetingology> +1 received from bdrung

 19:53 <barry> tumbleweed extends a +1

 19:53 <barry> +1

 19:53 <meetingology> +1 received from barry

 19:53 <Laney> +1

 19:53 <meetingology> +1 received from Laney

 19:53 <stgraber> +1

 19:53 <meetingology> +1 received from stgraber

 19:53 <micahg-work> +1

 19:53 <meetingology> +1 received from micahg-work

 19:54 <barry> and scottk is absent today, so

 19:54 <barry> #endvote

 19:54 <meetingology> Voting ended on: should caribou become an ubuntu contributing developer?

 19:54 <meetingology> Votes for:5 Votes against:0 Abstentions:0

 19:54 <meetingology> Motion carried

 19:54 <barry> caribou: congratulations

 19:54 <caribou> barry: & everyone else, thank you very much

 19:54 <caribou> looking forward to see you again for the next step

 19:55 <Laney> \o/

 19:55 <barry> caribou: indeed!  enjoy the +1 :)

 19:55 <caribou> & all the work in the meantime

 19:55 <Laney> get on that sponsorin' train

 19:55 <caribou> Laney: will do

 19:55 <barry> we have no more applicants today

 19:55 <barry> #topic AOB

 19:55 <barry> anything else folks want to bring up today?

 19:56 <Laney> I don't know how we are carrying the PPU thing on

 19:56 <barry> Laney: i think we have to continue on the mailing list

 19:57 <Laney> ok

 19:58 <barry> if there's nothing else, i think we're done

 19:58 <barry> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)