== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting: Technical Board, 05 Aug at 20:10 &mdash; 20:28 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2013/ubuntu-meeting.2013-08-05-20.10.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Action review. ===
The discussion about "Action review." started at 20:11.


=== extending PPU rights to non-members ===
The discussion about "extending PPU rights to non-members" started at 20:14.

  * ''ACCEPTED:'' Extending PPU rights to non-members approved by cjwatson, pitti, soren and stgraber  (soren, 20:23)
  * ''HELP:''   (soren, 20:23)

=== Scan the mailing list archive for anything we missed (standing item) ===
The discussion about "Scan the mailing list archive for anything we missed (standing item)" started at 20:24.


=== Check up on community bugs (standing item) ===
The discussion about "Check up on community bugs (standing item)" started at 20:25.


=== Select a chair for the next meeting ===
The discussion about "Select a chair for the next meeting" started at 20:26.


=== AOB? ===
The discussion about "AOB?" started at 20:28.




== Vote results ==




== Action items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * soren (39)
 * cjwatson (16)
 * ScottK (6)
 * meetingology (3)
 * stgraber (1)



== Full Log ==


 20:10 <soren> #startmeeting Technical Board

 20:10 <meetingology> Meeting started Mon Aug  5 20:10:35 2013 UTC.  The chair is soren. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 20:10 <meetingology> 

 20:10 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 20:10 <soren> pitti and mdz sent apologies, IIRC.

 20:11 <soren> #topic Action review.

 20:11 * soren reviews log

 20:12 <soren> Kees to review outstanding provisional MREs -- carried over

 20:13 <cjwatson> FYI, I've implemented the "devel" series alias, pending review: https://code.launchpad.net/~cjwatson/launchpad/series-alias/+merge/178103

 20:13 <soren> Ah, lovely.

 20:13 <cjwatson> The details of how PPAs are handled turned out to require a fair amount of debate over beer between wgrant and me, but I think we got it worked out.

 20:13 <soren> I don't see other action items.

 20:14 <soren> #topic extending PPU rights to non-members

 20:15 <soren> Does anyone want to discuss this further?

 20:15 <cjwatson> I just +1ed it by mail

 20:16 <soren> I noticed. Does that mean the motion is carried? I've not counted the votes.

 20:16 <cjwatson> kees didn't explicitly say +1 but seemed positive.

 20:16 <cjwatson> pitti voted +1.

 20:16 <cjwatson> No other TB votes

 20:17 <soren> I'd be happy to +1 it, even though it seems a little backwards to me.

 20:17 <cjwatson> Can you elaborate on that?

 20:17 <soren> I never really looked at PPU rights as something that would be further gated on having a sustained, significant contribution.

 20:17 <ScottK> It's already gated that way.

 20:18 <ScottK> We're trying to relax the gate.

 20:18 <soren> In other words, I didn't think people needed to qualify for membership to get PPU rights.

 20:18 <soren> I thought getting PPU rights would grant you membership.

 20:18 <ScottK> Not if you don't qualify for membership.

 20:18 <soren> ScottK: I realise. My point is that I never thought that was the intent to begin with. So I'm happy to approve it, since I thought this was the intent all along.

 20:18 <ScottK> PPU doesn't change the membership requiremnts.

 20:18 <cjwatson> Or to put it another way: It does grant membership, which is why you need to qualify for it as part of PPU membership.

 20:19 <cjwatson> *PPU rights

 20:19 <ScottK> Yes

 20:19 <soren> Right, and I thought having PPU rights was the qualification.

 20:19 <soren> In itself.

 20:20 <soren> But that discussion is rather pointless now, I guess.

 20:20 <soren> At least it's irrelevant to the issue at hand.

 20:20 <stgraber> sorry wasn't paying very close attention to IRC (on vacation), +1 on the PPU proposal (my concerns were addressed while we were discussing this within the DMB)

 20:20 <ScottK> Mark also gave it a +1 https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/technical-board/2013-July/001688.html

 20:21 <soren> What's the protocol here? Do we wait for kees to formally vote?

 20:21 <cjwatson> soren: You, me, pitti, and stgraber makes 4/6, so carried.

 20:22 <soren> Cool.

 20:22 <soren> Er..

 20:22 <soren> What's the meetbot magic to record that?

 20:22 <cjwatson> "#agreed", I think

 20:22 <soren> #agreed Extending PPU rights to non-members approved by cjwatson, pitti, soren and stgraber

 20:23 <soren> #accepted Extending PPU rights to non-members approved by cjwatson, pitti, soren and stgraber

 20:23 <soren> #halp

 20:23 <cjwatson> Meh, we can work it out without the metadata, I'm sure :)

 20:24 <soren> True :)

 20:24 <soren> #topic Scan the mailing list archive for anything we missed (standing item)

 20:25 <soren> Nothing, afaics.

 20:25 <soren> #topic Check up on community bugs (standing item)

 20:25 <soren> Nothing

 20:26 <cjwatson> Cool.

 20:26 <soren> #topic Select a chair for the next meeting

 20:26 <soren> cjwatson: I think it's your turn.

 20:27 <soren> stgraber did it recently.

 20:27 <cjwatson> I'll be on holiday, I'm afraid

 20:27 <cjwatson> In the middle of the Alps hopefully nowhere near a network connection

 20:27 <soren> Lovely.

 20:27 <soren> kees it is.

 20:27 <soren> #agreed Kees to chair next meeting

 20:28 <soren> #topic AOB?

 20:28 <cjwatson> Nowt from me

 20:28 <soren> #endmeeting adjourned



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)