#title #ubuntu-meeting: Developer Membership Board Meeting

Meeting started by bdrung at 14:02:09 UTC.  The full logs are available
at
http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2013/ubuntu-meeting.2013-02-11-14.02.log.html
.



== Meeting summary ==

 *Review of previous action items
  *Iain to publish the Dynamic PPU Procedure on the wiki somewhere  (bdrung, 14:03:34)
  *Micah to run the election, starting ASAP, ending on midnight 10th-11th Feb  (bdrung, 14:04:54)
''LINK:'' http://www.cs.cornell.edu/w8/~andru/cgi-perl/civs/results.pl?id=E_5b1837b9f3008750   (stgraber, 14:08:57)
''ACTION:'' micahg to announce the poll results  (bdrung, 14:16:00)
  *Stéphane to add Aron to a new input-methods packageset  (bdrung, 14:16:50)

 *Kernel PPU team administration
''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/Kernel/Dev/UploadRights   (bdrung, 14:18:37)



Meeting ended at 14:30:12 UTC.



== Votes ==


 * Should the DMB delegate kernel upload rights to the kernel PPU team?
   For: 6 Against: 0 Abstained: 0

 * Do you confirm the DMB poll (new members: ScottK, stgraber, Laney, bdrung)?
   For: 6 Against: 0 Abstained: 0



== Action items ==

 * micahg to announce the poll results



== People present (lines said) ==

 * bdrung (28)
 * meetingology (23)
 * Laney (15)
 * micahg_mobile (10)
 * stgraber (10)
 * tumbleweed (7)
 * barry (6)
 * ogasawara (3)



== Full Log ==


 14:02:09 <bdrung> #startmeeting

 14:02:09 <meetingology> Meeting started Mon Feb 11 14:02:09 2013 UTC.  The chair is bdrung. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 14:02:09 <meetingology> 

 14:02:09 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 14:02:45 <bdrung> #meetingtopic Developer Membership Board Meeting

 14:03:01 <bdrung> #topic Review of previous action items

 14:03:34 <bdrung> #subtopic Iain to publish the Dynamic PPU Procedure on the wiki somewhere

 14:03:44 <Laney> did

 14:03:51 <bdrung> Laney: where?

 14:04:06 <Laney> I updated ApplicationProcess and UbuntuDevelopers and mailed debian-derivatives

 14:04:30 * bdrung should subscribe to get notified about the wiki page changes.

 14:04:43 <bdrung> thanks Laney.

 14:04:54 <bdrung> #subtopic Micah to run the election, starting ASAP, ending on midnight 10th-11th Feb

 14:05:44 <barry> right on cue :)

 14:06:00 <bdrung> micahg_mobile: current topic: Micah to run the election, starting ASAP, ending on midnight 10th-11th Feb

 14:08:03 <micahg_mobile> So, the election concluded, we should either vote our hand wave the results

 14:08:12 <micahg_mobile> Or, not our

 14:08:40 <Laney> we should vote to confirm the poll

 14:08:46 <bdrung> please state the result

 14:08:57 <stgraber> http://www.cs.cornell.edu/w8/~andru/cgi-perl/civs/results.pl?id=E_5b1837b9f3008750

 14:11:14 <bdrung> #vote Do you confirm the DMB poll (new members: ScottK, stgraber, Laney, bdrung)?

 14:11:14 <meetingology> Please vote on: Do you confirm the DMB poll (new members: ScottK, stgraber, Laney, bdrung)?

 14:11:14 <meetingology> Public votes can be registered by saying +1, +0 or -1 in channel, (private votes don't work yet, but when they do it will be by messaging the channel followed by +1/-1/+0 to me)

 14:11:45 <stgraber> +1

 14:11:45 <meetingology> +1 received from stgraber

 14:11:57 <micahg_mobile> +1

 14:11:57 <meetingology> +1 received from micahg_mobile

 14:12:01 <barry> +1

 14:12:01 <meetingology> +1 received from barry

 14:12:09 <bdrung> +1

 14:12:09 <meetingology> +1 received from bdrung

 14:12:17 <Laney> +1

 14:12:17 <meetingology> +1 received from Laney

 14:12:31 <tumbleweed> +1

 14:12:31 <meetingology> +1 received from tumbleweed

 14:13:13 <bdrung> #endvote

 14:13:13 <meetingology> Voting ended on: Do you confirm the DMB poll (new members: ScottK, stgraber, Laney, bdrung)?

 14:13:13 <meetingology> Votes for:6 Votes against:0 Abstentions:0

 14:13:13 <meetingology> Motion carried

 14:13:31 <bdrung> micahg: will you announce the result?

 14:14:12 <micahg_mobile> Bdrung: can't do now, but can do this week sometime

 14:14:15 <stgraber> I'll do the ACL changes and team membership renewals

 14:14:46 <Laney> merci

 14:14:57 <Laney> well done everyone

 14:15:04 <micahg_mobile> Stgraber: I think that should wait until Wednesday

 14:15:18 <stgraber> micahg_mobile: yeah, I'll wait for LP to tell me I expired, then I'll do them

 14:15:21 <barry> micahg_mobile: thanks for conducting the election

 14:16:00 <bdrung> #action micahg to announce the poll results

 14:16:00 * meetingology micahg to announce the poll results

 14:16:38 <bdrung> please do that until Thursday (when the new term starts)

 14:16:50 <bdrung> #subtopic Stéphane to add Aron to a new input-methods packageset

 14:17:03 <bdrung> stgraber: have you done it?

 14:17:05 <stgraber> yep

 14:17:16 <stgraber> new team, packageset and everything

 14:18:08 <bdrung> thanks

 14:18:16 <bdrung> #topic Kernel PPU team administration

 14:18:37 <bdrung> #link https://wiki.ubuntu.com/Kernel/Dev/UploadRights

 14:19:57 <Laney> I'm in favour of this — I don't feel effective when screening kernel uploaders

 14:20:00 <bdrung> ogasawara: ^

 14:20:24 <Laney> we didn't ask them to be present

 14:20:28 <Laney> does anyone have any concerns?

 14:20:32 * ogasawara peeks in anyways

 14:20:42 <barry> Laney: i completely agree.  kernel is so specialized that i think we've effectively delegated to them in the past, even if not officially so.  let's make it official.

 14:20:49 <bdrung> I'm in favour of this too. The kernel seems to different than 'normal' packages.

 14:21:09 <micahg_mobile> Looks fine

 14:21:09 <tumbleweed> what barry said

 14:21:20 <stgraber> one small detail, should we require them to be Ubuntu Members?

 14:21:35 <stgraber> otherwise kernel-uploaders will give them that right without any explicit Ubuntu Membership review

 14:21:42 <ogasawara> I'd be fine with that requirement

 14:21:51 <tumbleweed> what does the desktop team do there?

 14:22:04 <barry> at least until we've separated those (see later agenda item :)

 14:22:19 <tumbleweed> looks like nothing https://wiki.ubuntu.com/DesktopTeam/Developers

 14:22:25 <tumbleweed> barry: well, this isn't PPU

 14:22:25 <Laney> It gives you ubuntu-dev -> membership

 14:22:46 <micahg_mobile> Desktop team has same problem, but in the case of the desktop team, sustained is much more likely in a visible form

 14:22:54 <Laney> I suppose once you've been contributing enough it's fine to become a member too (is the thought)

 14:23:04 <Laney> enough to join the desktop team that is

 14:23:10 <tumbleweed> given the fairly heavy requirements for the kernel team, I'm happy with it implying membership as is

 14:23:14 <Laney> yeah

 14:23:20 <micahg_mobile> This should be ppu though for membership purposes

 14:24:23 <micahg_mobile> I'm happy to discuss the ppu aspect later when we do the split

 14:24:57 <Laney> vote?

 14:25:03 <stgraber> ok, I'm happy keeping the kernel process similar to desktop's and I guess we'd grant them UCD anyway if they were to apply, so getting membership is fine

 14:25:49 <bdrung> ogasawara: in your proposal, three Ack's are needed. Have you considered +3 instead? This gives the voting members three options: +1, +0 or -1.

 14:27:10 <ogasawara> bdrung: I hadn't thought requiring +3 since with us it will be +1 or -1, none of that +0.  either you have our ack or you don't.

 14:27:38 <bdrung> okay. let's vote

 14:29:27 <bdrung> #vote Should the DMB delegate kernel upload rights to the kernel PPU team?

 14:29:27 <meetingology> Please vote on: Should the DMB delegate kernel upload rights to the kernel PPU team?

 14:29:27 <meetingology> Public votes can be registered by saying +1, +0 or -1 in channel, (private votes don't work yet, but when they do it will be by messaging the channel followed by +1/-1/+0 to me)

 14:29:31 <stgraber> +1

 14:29:31 <meetingology> +1 received from stgraber

 14:29:34 <barry> +1

 14:29:34 <meetingology> +1 received from barry

 14:29:43 <micahg_mobile> +1

 14:29:43 <meetingology> +1 received from micahg_mobile

 14:29:51 <Laney> +1

 14:29:51 <meetingology> +1 received from Laney

 14:29:54 <bdrung> +1

 14:29:54 <meetingology> +1 received from bdrung

 14:30:02 <tumbleweed> +1

 14:30:02 <meetingology> +1 received from tumbleweed

 14:30:12 <bdrung> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)