== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 07 Nov at 16:03 &mdash; 16:39 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2013/ubuntu-meeting.2013-11-07-16.03.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning round ===
The discussion about "Lightning round" started at 16:04.


=== AOB ===
The discussion about "AOB" started at 16:31.




== Vote results ==




== Action items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * slangasek (40)
 * stgraber (30)
 * xnox (30)
 * bdmurray (24)
 * ubottu (19)
 * jodh (18)
 * cjwatson (17)
 * doko_ (7)
 * barry (4)
 * meetingology (3)



== Full Log ==


 16:03 <slangasek> #startmeeting

 16:03 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Nov  7 16:03:34 2013 UTC.  The chair is slangasek. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:03 <meetingology> 

 16:03 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 16:04 <slangasek> [TOPIC] Lightning round

 16:04 <slangasek> $ echo $(shuf -e barry doko stgraber jodh bdmurray slangasek cjwatson xnox stokachu)

 16:04 <slangasek> doko stgraber xnox cjwatson jodh barry stokachu slangasek bdmurray

 16:05 <slangasek> doko_: please :)

 16:07 <doko_> - Linaro Connect

 16:08 <doko_> - visiting the client sprint on Friday

 16:08 <doko_> - some initial toolchain work

 16:08 <doko_> (done)

 16:08 <stgraber> Merges:

 16:08 <stgraber> - Done with most of my usual set, helping with a couple more

 16:08 <stgraber> - Slowly processing the resolvconf one

 16:08 <stgraber> LTSP hackfest (Wednesday afternoon till Sunday):

 16:08 <stgraber> - Discussed the plans for LTSP 6

 16:08 <stgraber> - Made some progress on libnss-sshauth and libpam-sshauth (modules allowing a machine to authenticate based on the result of an ssh connection to another machine)

 16:08 <stgraber> - Worked with vagrant to try and reduce the Debian/Ubuntu delta

 16:08 <stgraber> - Looked into possible new features for LTSP, mostly per-user session containers and checkpoint/restart support

 16:08 <stgraber> LXC:

 16:08 <stgraber> - Reworked the whole LXC CI environment, triggered once per hour if a commit is there, uploading to our PPA up to twice a day, test building on Ubuntu and Debian for amd64, i386 and armhf, also building with coverity and doing a clang based test build

 16:08 <stgraber> - Various code reviews and bug fixes

 16:08 <stgraber> - Helped debug a few 3.12 related issues

 16:09 <stgraber> - Took a close look at lmctfy, trying to figure out a detailed plan for our own cgroup manager

 16:09 <stgraber> System images:

 16:09 <stgraber> - Introduced two new channels for a different set of customized images

 16:09 <stgraber> - Changed the devel-* aliases to point to trusty (expect a full update next time)

 16:09 <stgraber> Release:

 16:09 <stgraber> - Tried to empty most of the queues as best I could, I think we're pretty much caught up on pending SRUs now at least

 16:09 <stgraber> - Planned a bunch of sessions for vUDS (release, lxc, cgroup management)

 16:09 <stgraber> Other:

 16:09 <stgraber> - Been working on IPv6 patches for a few server related packages I use and that were failing quite badly in IPv6-only environment

 16:09 <stgraber> 

 16:09 <stgraber> TODO this week:

 16:09 <stgraber> - resolveconf merge

 16:09 <stgraber> - Get Android test builds in the LXC CI infrastructure

 16:09 <stgraber> - Try to integrate Oracle RPM builds to the LXC CI infrastructure

 16:09 <stgraber> - LXC work on container autostart

 16:09 <stgraber> - Prepare for LXC 1.0~alpha2

 16:09 <stgraber> (DONE)

 16:10 <xnox> * Transitions: bost1.49 removed, boost1.53 removal pending

 16:10 <xnox> mini-transition resolutions, db5.1 removal pending ubuntu-keyboard

 16:10 <xnox> release with fix to work with pinyin4.

 16:10 <xnox> * Many upstart code reviews done.

 16:10 <xnox> * Emulator:

 16:10 <xnox> - does have adbd/networking, and in the archive.

 16:10 <xnox> - rsalvetti/sergiusens is digging into GL issues (segfault when

 16:10 <xnox> accessing ThreadLocalStorage OpenGL pre-allocated slots :-/) at the

 16:10 <xnox> moment recompiling kernel & bionic and some such.

 16:10 <xnox> - From segfault we are up at -> error EGL_NOT_INITIALIZED

 16:10 <xnox> * Doing merges, from interesting ones crytpsetup done (brings

 16:10 <xnox> TrueCrypt support) and mdadm is still todo (also see mdadm fakeraid

 16:10 <xnox> vUDS session)

 16:10 <xnox> * Next week Debian Mini-conf UK Thursday-Sunday.

 16:10 <xnox> * TODO: - ubiquity code reviews (not done from last meeting, more came

 16:10 <jodh> xnox: >Many upstart code reviews done: thanks!

 16:10 <xnox> in)

 16:10 <xnox> (DONE)

 16:11 <cjwatson> Canonical client planning sprint.

 16:11 <cjwatson> Merged Brian's chroot management support into lp:click and got it working well enough for a sprint demo (which was well-received).  Generally updated people outside Foundations on our plan for cross-building/emulation for app testing.

 16:11 <cjwatson> Merged ben from unstable and ported transition tracker to new version in trusty, gaining us Depends: foo:any support, better level calculation, and a better index.

 16:11 <cjwatson> Working on FusionIO disk detection in GRUB (bug 1237519).

 16:11 <ubottu> bug 1237519 in grub2 (Ubuntu) "Grub2 fails to install to non-standard device path" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1237519

 16:11 <cjwatson> Some multiarch conversions to help with targeted cross-build situations.

 16:11 <cjwatson> LP adjustment to rely only on one other machine for running germinate rather than two (https://code.launchpad.net/~cjwatson/launchpad/configurable-germinate-base/+merge/194340).

 16:11 <cjwatson> To do: finish FusionIO work, catch up on other GRUB OEM bugs, parallelise germinate across architectures in publisher, release new click version to trusty

 16:11 <cjwatson> ..

 16:11 <jodh> * upstart

 16:11 <jodh> - Reworked lp:~jamesodhunt/upstart/bug-1238078 (now merged).

 16:11 <jodh> - Merged lp:~jamesodhunt/upstart/bug-1235649

 16:11 <jodh> - Discussions with CI re Upstart DEP-8 testing.

 16:11 <jodh> - Wrote script to detect new Upstart jobs hitting the archive

 16:11 <cjwatson> oh, I also showed off the emulator in the sprint demo, albeit with a disclaimer about lack of graphics :-)

 16:11 <jodh> (with a view to reviewing jobs):

 16:12 <jodh> http://people.canonical.com/~jhunt/upstart/scripts/check_for_new_upstart_jobs.sh

 16:12 <jodh> Now, just need to find a way to automatically detect changes to

 16:12 <jodh> upstart jobs without having to parse trusty-changes. Ideas?

 16:12 <jodh> - Overcoming ptrace limitations: Fixed 2 bugs in preliminary branch.

 16:12 <jodh> Currently working adding additional ptrace tests to ensure expected behaviour.

 16:12 <jodh> ʝ

 16:12 <barry> system-image: LP: #1217098.  system-image 2.0 testing (looking good - waiting on LP: #1215586 for u/i and landing slot).  nexus 10 installation and testing.

 16:12 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1217098 in Ubuntu system image "Avoid re-downloading data files" [High,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1217098

 16:12 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1215586 in Ubuntu system image "The u/i cannot handle the array-of-dictionaries update descriptions" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1215586

 16:12 <barry> vUDS: core-1311-python3-roadmap.  re-engaging with xapian upstream (lots of progress there recently).  started updating python3 porting plan for 14.04 (spreadsheets, wiki).  http://tinyurl.com/mtf9jrb

 16:12 <barry> other: LP: #1248417.  started looking at LP: #1165104.  python-coverage sponsorship in debian.  converted enum34 (0.9.19-1) to pybuild and updated LibraryStyleGuide for pybuild.  PEP 8 updates.  dmb meeting.

 16:12 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1248417 in python3-defaults (Ubuntu) "Sync python3-defaults 3.3.2-17 (main) from Debian unstable (main)" [Undecided,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1248417

 16:12 <barry> done

 16:12 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1165104 in oneconf (Ubuntu) "oneconf is only showing the pc you are on in raring and isn't sharing to other machines" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1165104

 16:13 <xnox> jodh: i thought we had deduplication running somewhere and possibly ability to fetch md5sums of files.

 16:14 <xnox> jodh: as it md5sums of all /etc/init/*

 16:14 <jodh> xnox: sounds great - just define somewhere! :)

 16:14 <xnox> jodh: conditional branch is out of range

 16:15 <slangasek> xnox: aha; the backtrace sergiusens first shared did look like it was pointing to a TLS problem, you've confirmed now and are making headway?  Is there anything I can do to help with that, or is the debugging env sufficiently arcane that I should just stay clear?

 16:15 <jodh> xnox: ?

 16:17 <xnox> slangasek: there is progress, needs recompiled bionic. I didn't try it yet myself. serge and rsalveti are on it.... they did tweak TLS slots before to make bionic work at all.

 16:17 <xnox> not bionic, for hybris to work.

 16:17 <slangasek> xnox: ahh, ok

 16:19 <slangasek> jodh: without parsing trusty-changes> grab Contents-i386.gz for the list of all packages containing jobs, and download Packages.gz to get the list of current versions; at interval of your choice, re-download the Contents and Packages; for each newly-introduced job file, or for each package version that's changed, download and compare

 16:20 <jodh> slangasek: ack - thanks!

 16:20 <cjwatson> note that Contents is only updated daily as it's pretty expensive to compute

 16:20 <slangasek> xnox: right, TLS for bionic + hybris is something special... the work they did there is actually quite scary ;)

 16:20 <jodh> cjwatson: ack

 16:21 <slangasek> xnox: hmm, I wonder if that work could actually be interfering with native thread support on the bionic side?  Since most of it *did* involve "neutering threads"

 16:21 <slangasek> * Client sprint last week, lots of discussions... won't try to give you a systematic update here, you'll certainly see the discussions reflected in the UDS sessions coming up in two weeks

 16:21 <slangasek> * good discussions about how to support go on the client, which we will see more of this cycle

 16:21 <slangasek> * dates set for the Ubuntu Core sprint, please get your travel approvals in :)

 16:22 <slangasek> * helped with upstart MP reviews, we finally have the queue under control (mostly due to xnox!) and will see a new upstream release soon

 16:22 <slangasek> * upstart discussions in Debian: the question of default init system has now gone to the Debian Technical Committee

 16:22 <slangasek> * was out sick Tuesday - too much travel is bad for the body

 16:22 <slangasek> * upcoming:

 16:22 <slangasek> * Monday is Veterans' Day

 16:22 <slangasek> * I'm up for jury duty on Tuesday (and possibly longer)

 16:22 <slangasek> * looking at the emulator, and possibly even helping

 16:22 <slangasek> (done)

 16:22 <bdmurray> ubuntu-release-upgrader bug triage

 16:22 <bdmurray> set up ubuntu security team virtual machine environment for bug testing

 16:22 <bdmurray> SRU verification of bug 459418

 16:22 <bdmurray> SRU verification of update-manager bug 1071057

 16:22 <bdmurray> tested slangasek's fix for bug 1069019 (didn't seem to work)

 16:22 <slangasek> bdmurray:

 16:22 <bdmurray> uploaded and tested SRU fixes for unzip bug 580961 and bug 1199239

 16:22 <ubottu> bug 459418 in lazr.restfulclient (Ubuntu Quantal) "Cache is not safe for concurrent use (by processes or threads)" [High,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/459418

 16:22 <slangasek> oops :)

 16:22 <ubottu> bug 1071057 in update-manager (Ubuntu Saucy) "people report bugs about update-manager thinking it still does dist upgrades" [Medium,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1071057

 16:22 <ubottu> bug 1069019 in python-apt (Ubuntu Saucy) "[software-properties-gtk] can not delete, enable or modify any software source with non-ASCII characters in the comment" [Medium,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1069019

 16:22 <ubottu> bug 580961 in unzip (Ubuntu) "unzip fails to deal correctly with filename encodings" [Critical,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/580961

 16:22 <ubottu> bug 1199239 in unzip (Ubuntu Raring) "[SRU] unzip list utf-8 (non-ascii) filenames as ??" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1199239

 16:22 <bdmurray> investigation into apt bug 957231 / bug 854090

 16:22 <bdmurray> investigation into bug 984785 regarding glib2-0 (hot bug)

 16:22 <bdmurray> irc discussion with pitti regarding bug 1084979

 16:22 <bdmurray> investigation into foundations-bugs currently receiving the most duplicates

 16:22 <ubottu> bug 957231 in apt (Ubuntu Trusty) "update-manager crashed with SIGSEGV in debListParser::LoadReleaseInfo()" [Medium,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/957231

 16:22 <bdmurray> submitted a merge proposal for ubiquity fixing bug 1051935

 16:22 <ubottu> bug 854090 in apt (Ubuntu) "aptd crashed with SIGSEGV in debListParser::LoadReleaseInfo()" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/854090

 16:22 <ubottu> bug 984785 in glib2.0 (Ubuntu Precise) ".goutputstream files polluting $HOME" [Low,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/984785

 16:22 <ubottu> bug 1084979 in apport (Ubuntu) "Submitting error report asks confounding questions" [Medium,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1084979

 16:23 <ubottu> bug 1051935 in ubiquity (Ubuntu Saucy) "Fails with SystemError when too many files are open" [Undecided,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1051935

 16:23 <bdmurray> phased-updater work:

 16:23 <bdmurray> research into contact person issue with packages sync'ed from a staging ppa (e.g. hud)

 16:23 <bdmurray> updated phased-updater to add in Reply-To header and also CC me

 16:23 <slangasek> xnox: have your fixes for upstart ppa recipe builds landed?  Because I still get an awful lot of build failure spam :)

 16:23 <bdmurray> errors work:

 16:23 <bdmurray> submitted RT regarding updating errors and daisy revisions

 16:23 <bdmurray> submitted a fix for bug 1191182 (regarding version appending when selecting a package)

 16:23 <ubottu> bug 1191182 in Errors "choosing a period on the main page appends a version to the query" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1191182

 16:23 <bdmurray> reported and submitted a fix for errors bug 1248259 (package version drop down not displayed)

 16:23 <ubottu> bug 1248259 in Errors "package_versions drop down not displayed if you use the &package url parameter" [Medium,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1248259

 16:23 <bdmurray> triaged errors bug 1219706

 16:23 <ubottu> bug 1219706 in Errors "Follow state of bugs marked as duplicates" [Medium,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1219706

 16:23 <bdmurray> investigation into errors bug 1218670 regarding date range calendar

 16:23 <ubottu> bug 1218670 in Errors "date range calendar does not work in firefox" [Medium,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1218670

 16:23 <bdmurray> pushed a daisy branch to enable saucy-proposed in the retracers

 16:23 <bdmurray> planned rls:pkg:pkg_version counter changes

 16:23 <bdmurray> ✔ done

 16:25 <slangasek> any questions over the above?

 16:26 <slangasek> jodh: and nicely done, taking my ptrace branch off the floor and making it un-broken :)  Will be so nice to have that bug finally fixed

 16:26 <doko_> slangasek, did I miss any message about the sprint?

 16:26 <jodh> slangasek: thanks - most of the credit goes to you though :)

 16:26 <slangasek> doko_: what kind of message?  were you cc:ed on msm's mail?

 16:27 <cjwatson> 17025 N T Nov 05 Michelle Surtee        PLEASE READ: Ubuntu Core sprint - 27 - 31 Jan 2014 - London, Bluefin

 16:27 <cjwatson> (no comments on my lack of inbox zero please :-P)

 16:28 <xnox> slangasek: almost, there was broken commit on trunk. next set should be fine.

 16:28 <bdmurray> cjwatson: wow, that makes me feel better

 16:28 <doko_> slangasek, can't find it. forward would be appreciated

 16:28 <slangasek> xnox: whoops. whose commit was broken?

 16:29 <slangasek> doko_: does 'doko@canonical.com' reach you?

 16:29 <doko_> should

 16:29 <slangasek> doko_: forwarded

 16:31 <slangasek> jodh, xnox: does it actually make sense to do these upstart recipe builds across the set of releases we currently build for?  (raring,saucy,trusty?)

 16:31 <xnox> slangasek: integration issue. trunk & MPs passed everything, the combination of the two with new automake in trusty did not, however.

 16:31 <slangasek> ah

 16:31 <slangasek> ok, cool :)

 16:31 <slangasek> [TOPIC] AOB

 16:31 <xnox> slangasek: yes it does. I want to go back all the way to precise actually.

 16:31 <slangasek> anything else?

 16:32 <slangasek> now's a great time to discuss

 16:32 <slangasek> xnox: hmm.  I think we should build for precise, but not for raring

 16:32 <xnox> slangasek: ok.

 16:33 <xnox> slangasek: i'll check that it still works with quantal, then step down to precise, and then disable quantal & raring dailies.

 16:33 <slangasek> ok

 16:34 <cjwatson> are these recipe builds on devirt?

 16:35 <cjwatson> (either way, it's good to be economical with builder time, although the virt pool is worse off at the moment and probably will be until we get scalingstack)

 16:36 <xnox> cjwatson: well upstart is ~8minute build.

 16:36 <stgraber> we at least have one devirt PPA with builds, not sure if we still also have a virt one

 16:36 <cjwatson> xnox: sure, it does add up though

 16:36 <xnox> cjwatson: and armhf devirt has plenty of builders.

 16:36 <cjwatson> and it's easier to argue against builds that are genuinely abusive when we're more consistent :)

 16:37 <cjwatson> I agree it's not the worst problem by any means

 16:37 <xnox> ok.

 16:39 <slangasek> alrighty, guess we've exhausted our capacity for conversation today ;)

 16:39 <slangasek> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)