== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 05 Sep at 17:01 &mdash; 17:30 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2013/ubuntu-meeting.2013-09-05-17.01.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==




== Vote results ==




== Action items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * czajkowski (28)
 * SergioMeneses (25)
 * cprofitt (22)
 * coolbhavi (17)
 * PabloRubianes (17)
 * beuno (4)
 * YokoZar (4)
 * meetingology (3)



== Full Log ==


 17:01 <czajkowski> #startmeeting

 17:01 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Sep  5 17:01:36 2013 UTC.  The chair is czajkowski. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 17:01 <meetingology> 

 17:01 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 17:02 <czajkowski> Aloha and welcome to this months Community Council meeting where we meet with the LoCo Council

 17:02 <coolbhavi> hello CC :)

 17:02 <czajkowski> so who is here from the LC ?

 17:02 * coolbhavi lifts his hands up!

 17:02 <cprofitt> hello coolbhavi

 17:02 <PabloRubianes> Here czajkowski

 17:03 <cprofitt> hello PabloRubianes

 17:03 <coolbhavi> hello cprofitt

 17:03 <PabloRubianes> hi cprofitt

 17:04 <SergioMeneses> hi CC!

 17:04 * SergioMeneses hugs cprofitt

 17:04 * cprofitt hugs SergioMeneses

 17:04 <YokoZar> Hi folks :)

 17:04 <SergioMeneses> YokoZar, \o

 17:04 <PabloRubianes> hi YokoZar

 17:04 <czajkowski> thanks for attending folks

 17:05 <coolbhavi> hey YokoZar

 17:05 <SergioMeneses> always is good to meet with friends!

 17:05 <beuno> czajkowski, o/

 17:05 <coolbhavi> :)

 17:05 <PabloRubianes> hey beuno!

 17:05 <beuno> heya PabloRubianes!

 17:06 <czajkowski> so how are things in the LC ?

 17:08 <czajkowski> beuno: cprofitt YokoZar any questions?

 17:08 <coolbhavi> czajkowski, going fine, we have been brainstorming and bringing in process changes

 17:09 <SergioMeneses> czajkowski, we published the new health check process http://lococouncil.ubuntu.com/2013/08/25/new-local-communities-healthcheck/

 17:09 <coolbhavi> apart from our routine such as loco teams verification on per cycle basis and helping the loco teams in case of any issues

 17:09 <SergioMeneses> and we are updating all teams right now http://lococouncil.ubuntu.com/2013/09/05/updating-shippit-to-the-new-term/

 17:10 <beuno> anything stressing you guys out?

 17:10 <cprofitt> have you received much interest in the upcoming openings for the LC?

 17:11 <coolbhavi> nothing stressful as of now beuno

 17:11 <SergioMeneses> cprofitt, yes! this time we have a lot of proposals

 17:11 <coolbhavi> cprofitt, yes we have received 4 applications as of now

 17:11 <YokoZar> Pardon my ignorance, but do we offer localized versions of stuff in the goodies for loco councils, eg translated CD slip covers?

 17:12 <SergioMeneses> we shall send you an email with all information about the aspirants

 17:12 <YokoZar> (for the pressed CDs)

 17:12 <PabloRubianes> YokoZar: no, there no localized materials

 17:12 <PabloRubianes> in fact some Locos had say that we should improve the multilingual resources

 17:13 <PabloRubianes> as there is only official resources in English

 17:14 <cprofitt> I know that Jono spoke about 'special funding' for LoCo projects / activites I wonder if producing localized resources would be one of the things that might fit in that box... funds provided to a loco team so they can have that done...

 17:14 <SergioMeneses> by the way, we have received a lot of commentaries about the new process, I dont know if you saw it

 17:15 <cprofitt> SergioMeneses: I have not seen them; what was the overall response?

 17:16 <czajkowski> cprofitt: it's been welcomed

 17:16 <czajkowski> many people are very happy about removing the term approved so it's more welcoming to people

 17:16 <PabloRubianes> cprofitt: the resources I am talking are not just material, but for example ASKubuntu

 17:16 <czajkowski> and others who weren't approved before or lost the status want to go again to be verified

 17:16 <czajkowski> which is nice to see

 17:16 <SergioMeneses> cprofitt, the process is good because we need a tool for getting information about our local-communities, and the process is the best way to get it

 17:17 <SergioMeneses> czajkowski, agree

 17:17 * cprofitt nods to PabloRubianes about askubuntu type resources

 17:17 <cprofitt> czajkowski: that is good that the process is well received

 17:17 <SergioMeneses> and we are thinking to start a new process to contact and work with all teams, even no-verified

 17:17 <czajkowski> from my point of view, I feel it's been harder to connect with the community at times due to different goals people have. I've found the vUDS mid week to hinder participation in the community

 17:18 <PabloRubianes> I am +1 with czajkowski

 17:18 <czajkowski> even the loco council themselves couldn't take part due to a) short notice of vUDs and b) the fact it was mid week meant people cannot take time off work to attend

 17:18 <czajkowski> which also means we cannot connect wiht the commmunity

 17:18 <PabloRubianes> at least it should be one day at a weekend day

 17:18 <cprofitt> czajkowski: I agree on the vUDS

 17:18 <SergioMeneses> czajkowski,  totally agree, vuds schedule is not good for my real work

 17:18 <czajkowski> and the community cannot engage with Ubuntu, the developers and get involved.

 17:19 <YokoZar> Would longer notice time help there, or moving it to a weekend?

 17:19 <PabloRubianes> SergioMeneses: for anyone's work

 17:19 <cprofitt> it was one thing to take time off and travel to go to a UDS in person, but it has been difficult to attend the vUDS... in general I attend the sessions I am most interested in

 17:19 <coolbhavi> YokoZar, would certainly help

 17:19 <cprofitt> and miss sessions that I am unsure of... at real UDS I would attend other sessions or use it to connect to others in the community

 17:19 <PabloRubianes> YokoZar: I know that maybe a weekend is a time where you want to be with family, but is once every 3 months

 17:20 <coolbhavi> moving over a weekend means some of us can be free

 17:20 <PabloRubianes> on you regular job you cant connect to google hangout

 17:20 <czajkowski> YokoZar: yes more notice

 17:21 <czajkowski> and possibly a friday/saturday combination of a vUDs

 17:21 <SergioMeneses> cprofitt, but it was easier get days off in the work if you attent uds in person

 17:21 <SergioMeneses> imho

 17:21 <cprofitt> SergioMeneses: yep

 17:21 <SergioMeneses> but vuds might be on weekends

 17:21 <SergioMeneses> it could be a solution -practical-

 17:21 <coolbhavi> +1 SergioMeneses

 17:22 <czajkowski> that's a schdeuling thing, but I think the feedback from a community point is that mid week is not at all helful if you're not directly involved in development

 17:22 <cprofitt> Do you feel that the loss of the in-person UDS has reduced the ability of people to understand the differences that regions face? I know I got a lot out of being able to really sit down and talk to people from Europe, India, etc... and listen to the issues they face in growing their local communities

 17:22 <czajkowski> so some sort of meeting in the middle is needed split between mid week and a weekend

 17:22 <czajkowski> cprofitt: I think honestly a 3 month cycle is very hard for a community when you don't have deliverables to produce

 17:23 <czajkowski> it's only 3 meetings

 17:23 <czajkowski> if you break it down to basics

 17:23 <cprofitt> +1 czajkowski

 17:23 <SergioMeneses> agree

 17:23 <PabloRubianes> cprofitt: also every loco has it needs sometimes global solutions are worst

 17:23 <coolbhavi> cprofitt, I do feel so because infrastructure isnt so great here it just puts me out of contention wrt vUDS

 17:23 <PabloRubianes> that's why we are doing case by case solutions

 17:23 <czajkowski> so while I love the fact we have a fast pace developement cycle, I think it hinders at times our community to be involved when it comes to locoteams is my short summary :)

 17:24 <cprofitt> so it appears that we can agree that we have an opportunity to improve the vUDS in regards to community (non-developer) engagement

 17:24 <coolbhavi> +1

 17:24 <PabloRubianes> +1

 17:24 <czajkowski> cprofitt: +1

 17:25 <SergioMeneses> cprofitt, +1

 17:25 * SergioMeneses is still working

 17:25 <cprofitt> I think that is critical... speaking honestly the community is what convinced me to go with Ubuntu when I was in my distro hopping phase

 17:25 <czajkowski> I think the LC does a great job in understanding the community, it may be a slower than people want for changes to occur but it does listen to the ffeedback

 17:25 <cprofitt> SergioMeneses I am at work right now too

 17:25 * coolbhavi is half slept here

 17:25 <cprofitt> +1 czajkowski I think the loco does an excellent job as well

 17:26 <SergioMeneses> czajkowski, maybe we need to be more public with our things

 17:26 <czajkowski> SergioMeneses: indeed

 17:26 <PabloRubianes> we do much on backstage

 17:26 <SergioMeneses> I hate when people said we dont work

 17:26 <czajkowski> it kinda feels at times people do not respect that or understand that and that leads to being frustrated tbh

 17:26 <SergioMeneses> sure

 17:26 * cprofitt nods

 17:26 <SergioMeneses> we are more than +1/-1

 17:27 <coolbhavi> yes we do a lot of other stuff too

 17:27 <cprofitt> I agree that I do not think people understand everything that goes on... there are a great many things that take tact, patience and a measure of privacy when it comes to loco teams

 17:28 <czajkowski> beuno: YokoZar cprofitt any other comments?

 17:29 <beuno> none from me, I'm happy you guys continue to rock

 17:29 <cprofitt> no, I am good.

 17:29 <coolbhavi> cprofitt, and quantifying stuff for the number of teams we cater to isnt easy

 17:29 <cprofitt> I truly appreciate the work that everyone has done on the loco teams.

 17:30 <SergioMeneses> cprofitt, it's our duty

 17:30 <czajkowski> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)