== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 18 Nov at 17:32 &mdash; 17:52 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2013/ubuntu-meeting.2013-11-18-17.32.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting 
=== Announcements ===
The discussion about "Announcements" started at 17:33.


=== Weekly stand-up report ===
The discussion about "Weekly stand-up report" started at 17:33.


=== Highlighted packages ===
The discussion about "Highlighted packages" started at 17:51.

  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/prewikka.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/ldap-account-manager.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/gridengine.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/graphite2.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/elixir.html 

=== Miscellaneous and Questions ===
The discussion about "Miscellaneous and Questions" started at 17:51.




== Vote results ==




== Action items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * mdeslaur (54)
 * jjohansen (12)
 * chrisccoulson (8)
 * sarnold (7)
 * sbeattie (7)
 * meetingology (3)
 * notchrisccoulson (2)
 * ubottu (1)



== Full Log ==


 17:32 <mdeslaur> #startmeeting

 17:32 <meetingology> Meeting started Mon Nov 18 17:32:47 2013 UTC.  The chair is mdeslaur. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 17:32 <meetingology> 

 17:32 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 17:32 <mdeslaur> The meeting agenda can be found at:

 17:32 <mdeslaur> [LINK] https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting

 17:33 <mdeslaur> [TOPIC] Announcements

 17:33 <mdeslaur> thanks to chiluk for his help on security updates for the community supported bip last week.

 17:33 <mdeslaur> thanks to smb for his help on security updates for the community supported xen last week.

 17:33 <mdeslaur> Your work is very much appreciated and will keep Ubuntu users secure. Great job! :)

 17:33 <mdeslaur> [TOPIC] Weekly stand-up report

 17:33 <mdeslaur> I'll go first

 17:33 <mdeslaur> I'm working on some nss updates

 17:34 <mdeslaur> perhaps I'll be releasing them today, else it will be next week, as I probably shouldn't push them during uds

 17:34 <mdeslaur> for raring and earlier, they will add tls 1.2 support on top of fixing a few security issues

 17:34 <mdeslaur> besides that, I'll be attending vuds this week!

 17:34 <mdeslaur> that's it from me

 17:34 <mdeslaur> sbeattie: you here yet?

 17:34 <mdeslaur> ok, let's skip

 17:35 <mdeslaur> jjohansen: you're up

 17:36 <jjohansen> right so this week I am doing apparmor development. I am still working on fixing the gold fish kernel, and trying to finish up dealing/fixing the cred files issue in the apparmor 3 dev kernel

 17:37 <mdeslaur> what's goldfish again?

 17:37 <jjohansen> oh and I suppose there is something about vUDS attendance again

 17:37 <jjohansen> goldfish is the android emulator kernel

 17:37 <mdeslaur> oh, right, cool

 17:37 <mdeslaur> is it just a matter of backporting apparmor to it, or is there something else that is busted?

 17:37 <notchrisccoulson> it's vUDS this week?

 17:38 <mdeslaur> notchrisccoulson: nice nick

 17:38 <jjohansen> busted, apparmor is on it but its throwing not nice traces

 17:38 <mdeslaur> notchrisccoulson: yes, this week

 17:38 <notchrisccoulson> oh, i'd forgotten about that. i should change it back :)

 17:38 <mdeslaur> jjohansen: :/

 17:38 <mdeslaur> jjohansen: that it?

 17:38 <jjohansen> chrisccoulson: peek at the schedule http://summit.ubuntu.com/uds-1311/

 17:39 <jjohansen> yep that is it from me

 17:39 <jjohansen> sarnold: your up

 17:39 <mdeslaur> cool, chrisccoulson you're up

 17:39 <mdeslaur> whoops :)

 17:39 <mdeslaur> sarnold: you're up

 17:39 <jjohansen> hehe, my bad

 17:39 * mdeslaur shrugs :)

 17:39 <chrisccoulson> i'm currently working on a firefox update. probably the same one as mdeslaur for nss ;)

 17:39 <chrisccoulson> i got all the firefox PPA's up-to-date last week too, as they were all a bit behind

 17:39 <mdeslaur> chrisccoulson: probably, yes :)

 17:40 <chrisccoulson> been rebasing oxide on the latest chromium. some of the out-of-process iframe work has made this a bit of a pain

 17:40 <chrisccoulson> once i've done that, i shall actually package it. i was planning to have that done on friday, but i had to look at other stuff

 17:40 <chrisccoulson> hoping that will be tomorrow now ;)

 17:41 <mdeslaur> chrisccoulson: cool. so is this the first time that a rebase caused some pain?

 17:41 <chrisccoulson> and then i'm going to do bug 1214049, which i pretty much know how to do now :)

 17:41 <ubottu> bug 1214049 in Oxide "Support accelerated compositing" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1214049

 17:41 <chrisccoulson> mdeslaur, yeah, it's not creating any unsolvable problems, just a bit of refactoring

 17:41 <mdeslaur> ok, cool

 17:42 <chrisccoulson> i think that's me done

 17:42 <mdeslaur> sarnold: you're up

 17:42 <sarnold> I'm on community this week, looking forward to lots of patches :) Between vUDS sessions I think I'll tackle some of the outstanding AppArmor patches needing review, then moving onto some the new MIR requests that have been filed early this cycle (yay! :)

 17:42 <mdeslaur> cool

 17:43 <sarnold> I've also got one package still needing refreshing in the T cycle, and I TIL. It feels like it ought ot be handled earlier in the cycle rather than later, so maybe I'll fit that in.

 17:44 <sarnold> mdeslaur: which comes first, libgcrypt11 merge or MIR audits?

 17:45 <mdeslaur> sarnold: please do the merge first

 17:45 <mdeslaur> shouldn't take long

 17:46 <sarnold> mdeslaur: thanks

 17:46 <sarnold> that's me done :)

 17:46 <mdeslaur> ok, who'd I forget...

 17:46 <mdeslaur> nobody

 17:46 <sarnold> another check for sbeattie?

 17:46 <sbeattie> doh, here now

 17:46 <mdeslaur> sbeattie: hi!

 17:47 <sbeattie> hey

 17:47 <mdeslaur> sbeattie: your turn :)

 17:47 <sbeattie> I'm again working on apparmor this week

 17:47 <sbeattie> still working on various testing improvements and other misc fixes to stuff

 17:48 <sbeattie> I'll monitor vUDS, but don't expect to have much participation

 17:48 <sbeattie> that's pretty much it for me

 17:48 <sbeattie> mdeslaur: all done

 17:49 <mdeslaur> cool

 17:49 <mdeslaur> jjohansen, sarnold, sbeattie, chrisccoulson: FYI, the meeting this week was an hour late, as with DST, the meeting should have been an hour earlier

 17:50 <jjohansen> thanks mdeslaur

 17:50 * jjohansen needs that another reminder

 17:50 <jjohansen> :P

 17:50 <mdeslaur> jjohansen, sarnold, sbeattie, chrisccoulson: please take a look at summit.ubuntu.com and subscribe to all the uds session that look relevant to you

 17:50 <jjohansen> ack

 17:50 <sarnold> ack

 17:51 <mdeslaur> [TOPIC] Highlighted packages

 17:51 <mdeslaur> The Ubuntu Security team will highlight some community-supported packages that might be good candidates for updating and or triaging. If you would like to help Ubuntu and not sure where to start, this is a great way to do so.

 17:51 <mdeslaur> See https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/UpdateProcedures for details and if you have any questions, feel free to ask in #ubuntu-security. To find out other ways of helping out, please see https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/GettingInvolved.

 17:51 <mdeslaur> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/prewikka.html

 17:51 <mdeslaur> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/ldap-account-manager.html

 17:51 <mdeslaur> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/gridengine.html

 17:51 <mdeslaur> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/graphite2.html

 17:51 <mdeslaur> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/elixir.html

 17:51 <mdeslaur> [TOPIC] Miscellaneous and Questions

 17:51 <mdeslaur> Does anyone have any other questions or items to discuss?

 17:52 <mdeslaur> Thanks everyone!

 17:52 <mdeslaur> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)