#title #ubuntu-meeting Meeting

Meeting started by cjwatson at 16:02:56 UTC.  The full logs are
available at
http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2013/ubuntu-meeting.2013-01-09-16.02.log.html
.



== Meeting summary ==

 *lightning round

 *bugs

 *AOB
''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/precise-updates-bug-tasks.html   (xnox, 16:46:24)
''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/precise-updates-bug-tasks.html   (xnox, 16:46:36)



Meeting ended at 16:50:30 UTC.



== Votes ==




== Action items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * cjwatson (55)
 * xnox (29)
 * bdmurray (24)
 * stgraber (18)
 * ubottu (18)
 * ogra_ (14)
 * jodh (10)
 * stokachu (9)
 * barry (7)
 * doko (6)
 * ev (6)
 * meetingology (3)



== Full Log ==


 16:02:56 <cjwatson> #startmeeting

 16:02:56 <meetingology> Meeting started Wed Jan  9 16:02:56 2013 UTC.  The chair is cjwatson. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:02:56 <meetingology> 

 16:02:56 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 16:03:14 <cjwatson> #topic lightning round

 16:03:49 <cjwatson> $ echo $(shuf -e barry bdmurray cjwatson ev doko ogra_ jodh stgraber xnox)

 16:03:52 <cjwatson> stgraber jodh bdmurray cjwatson ev doko ogra_ xnox barry

 16:03:59 <stokachu> aww

 16:04:03 <cjwatson> oh DAMNIT

 16:04:10 <cjwatson> sorry, I always go down the directory from Steve

 16:04:21 <cjwatson> and as a result I always miss you :-(

 16:04:25 <cjwatson> stokachu: go first, then :-)

 16:04:26 <stokachu> lol its cool

 16:04:28 <stokachu> ok

 16:04:38 <stokachu> - sick last week been catching up on internal bugs

 16:04:39 <stokachu> - finished packaging firefox esr for certain interested parties

 16:04:39 <stokachu> - got accepted into UCD, next stop Core-dev

 16:04:39 <stokachu> - reviewing merge/sync documentation both traditional way and UDD

 16:04:41 <stokachu> - working on sosreport plugins for Debian/Ubuntu https://github.com/sosreport/sosreport

 16:04:44 <stokachu> done

 16:07:11 <cjwatson> perhaps stgraber isn't around

 16:07:12 <cjwatson> jodh: ?

 16:07:16 <stgraber> I'm, sorry

 16:07:19 <stgraber> - Upstart

 16:07:19 <stgraber> - Tested stateful re-exec of the user session daemon

 16:07:19 <stgraber> - Initial implementation of the UPSTART_SESSION environment variable to access the session daemon when DBus isn't around

 16:07:19 <cjwatson> aha

 16:07:22 <stgraber> - Container

 16:07:25 <stgraber> - Code reviews.

 16:07:27 <stgraber> - Quite a lot of work on bionic support, sent first version of the patchset, then did a lot of changes and got the v2 merged an hour ago.

 16:07:30 <stgraber> - Started porting libcap to bionic so we can have a bionic build of LXC drop the usual capabilities and stop causing the host to reboot on shutdown/reboot of the container.

 16:07:34 <stgraber> - Other

 16:07:37 <stgraber> - Some follow-up on a weird biosdevname issue.

 16:07:39 <stgraber> - Networking

 16:07:42 <stgraber> - Discussed ifupdown a bit with Andrew. Some changes in the HG branch may cause some problems on Ubuntu, will have to keep watching.

 16:07:45 <stgraber> - TODO

 16:07:47 <stgraber> - Get my upstart branch in shape for review.

 16:07:50 <stgraber> - Finish porting libcap to bionic.

 16:07:52 <stgraber> - Go through the isc-dhcp and resolvconf bugs.

 16:07:55 <stgraber> - Try to apply redhat's fiberchannel patchset to our isc-dhcp.

 16:07:57 <stgraber> (DONE)

 16:08:02 <jodh> * Upstart:

 16:08:02 <jodh> - Fixed tty-serial.conf (bug 702574), soon to be added to raring branch.

 16:08:02 <jodh> - Fixed bug 881885 and raised MP.

 16:08:02 <jodh> - Investigating bug 1096531.

 16:08:04 <ubottu> bug 702574 in upstart (Ubuntu) "getty should be started automatically on serial port when serial console is set on kernel command line" [Wishlist,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/702574

 16:08:05 <jodh> - Finished init and initctl code to manipulate job environments (see

 16:08:06 <ubottu> bug 881885 in upstart "init-checkconf fails when X not running or DISPLAY not set" [Undecided,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/881885

 16:08:07 <ubottu> bug 1096531 in upstart (Ubuntu) "After touch /forcefsck and reboot: Assertion failed in log_clear_unflushed" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1096531

 16:08:09 <jodh> * TODO:

 16:08:12 <jodh> - write tests for job environment manipulation APIs.

 16:08:15 <jodh> ⏧

 16:08:56 <bdmurray> tested fix for bug 1072828

 16:08:56 <bdmurray> tested bug 915626 regarding usb-creator crashes

 16:08:56 <bdmurray> SRU verification of bug 1071388

 16:08:56 <bdmurray> SRU verification of apport in precise

 16:08:58 <ubottu> bug 1072828 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu) "[REGRESSION] release upgrader tool became untranslated" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1072828

 16:09:00 <ubottu> bug 915626 in usb-creator (Ubuntu Quantal) "usb-creator-gtk crashed with SIGSEGV" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/915626

 16:09:01 <ubottu> bug 1071388 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu Quantal) "UnicodeDecodeError in askYesNoQuestion of DistUpgradeViewText.py" [High,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1071388

 16:09:09 <bdmurray> modified pending-sru report to show date of last comment as it is easier to remember dates than comments

 16:09:12 <bdmurray> irc discussion with evan and mpt regarding rank of errors

 16:09:15 <bdmurray> worked on source package rank sorting issue in errors

 16:09:17 <bdmurray> worked on subscribed packages view for errors in the cloud

 16:09:19 <jodh> oops - that 'see' in my report should refer to https://wiki.ubuntu.com/FoundationsTeam/Specs/RaringUpstartUserSessions#Core

 16:09:24 <bdmurray> wrote pycassa code to get oops count on a weekly basis for Ubuntu 12.10

 16:09:24 <bdmurray> subscribed foundations-bugs to libsemanage and ustr packages

 16:10:00 <bdmurray> ⁂ done

 16:10:16 <cjwatson> GRUB: Pushed some patches to Debian; converted to GCC 4.7; merged back into Ubuntu.

 16:10:19 <cjwatson> 12.04.2:

 16:10:22 <cjwatson> - Discussion of work needed for xorg enablement stack.  Need to get moving on this in the coming week.

 16:10:25 <cjwatson> - Uploaded djview4 and grub2 SRUs.

 16:10:27 <cjwatson> - Fixed sawfish bug 1083260 for precise/quantal/raring at a friend's request.

 16:10:29 <ubottu> bug 1083260 in sawfish (Ubuntu Quantal) "Can't resize Firefox 17.0 window with sawfish" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1083260

 16:10:30 <cjwatson> - Fixed Chinese edition image build failures.

 16:10:33 <cjwatson> Cross-building: Fixed patch, xz-utils, kmod, and hopefully xterm.

 16:10:35 <cjwatson> Lots of merges and random build/upgrade fixes.

 16:10:38 <cjwatson> Caught up on archive removals a bit.

 16:10:40 <cjwatson> Sorted out most of the tail-end of the opencv transition by way of a messy gluegen2/armhf build fix.  Need to do something similar to libjogl2-java.

 16:10:43 <cjwatson> Working on backporting support for :any and :native build-dependencies to the Debian buildds, so that we stop having to carry such things as Ubuntu deltas.

 16:10:46 <cjwatson> ..

 16:10:50 <ogra_> heh, sawfish still has users ?

 16:11:00 <doko> cjwatson, did kmod need anything besides dropping b-d's?

 16:11:19 <cjwatson> doko: that was all

 16:11:22 * xnox doesn't even know what sawfish is =) i think i should be glad.

 16:11:26 <cjwatson> xnox: a WM

 16:11:32 <ev> - Very short week. Holiday until Friday, then off again on Monday.

 16:11:32 <ev> - Continuing to get the charms ready for prodstack, battling Canonistack every step of the way.

 16:11:32 <ev> - Waiting to hear back if we still have an EC2 credit as we desperately need to expand the number of retracers (we're getting a lot more core files) and we can't do that until we have everything on prodstack.

 16:11:32 <ev> (done)

 16:11:37 <cjwatson> ogra_: evidence suggests at least two :-)

 16:11:38 <ogra_> ev ?!?!

 16:11:52 <ev> hm?

 16:12:01 <ogra_> thats a record in shortness

 16:12:11 <cjwatson> doko: I suspect perl:native would have done too once it's supported, but it wasn't necessary

 16:12:36 <ev> heh

 16:12:56 <doko> - getting the buildd chroot nearly cross-built

 16:12:56 <doko> - updating cross toolchain packages, trying to eliminate more ad hoc solutions

 16:13:11 <doko> - some test rebuild fixes and give-backs

 16:13:16 <doko> ..

 16:13:28 <ogra_> done:

 16:13:28 <ogra_> * read the 3800 mail backlog from vacation

 16:13:28 <ogra_> * fixed ureadahead on the nexus7

 16:13:28 <ogra_> * worked on initrd-less booting on the nexus7

 16:13:28 <ogra_> * slightly stuck on trying to get plymouth to work without having console-setup run from the initrd

 16:13:30 <ogra_> todo:

 16:13:32 <ogra_> * discuss livefs builder situation with infinity (we need to start building nx7 images for flavours, that will need some cut down in buildtime or more builders)

 16:13:35 <ogra_> * move nx7 images to xz compression (and probably move compressing from livefs builder to nusakan)

 16:13:37 <ogra_> * fix plymouth vs console-setup racing somehow

 16:13:39 <ogra_> * package tegra3 gstreamer codecs for raring

 16:13:41 <ogra_> ..

 16:14:08 <xnox> * Fixed bug #1091788 , bug #1093957

 16:14:08 <xnox> * Fixed warnings in cunit, for MIR bug #1077484

 16:14:08 <xnox> * Fixed rebuild ftbfs: multiarch py2 - libsemanage, python-qt4;

 16:14:08 <xnox> pep8 - apt-btrfs-snapshot;

 16:14:08 <xnox> * Cross-building buildd chroot: dbus (added m-a header), libnih (needs

 16:14:09 <xnox> :native b-d support, but otherwise fixed), libsemanage (add

 16:14:10 <xnox> DEB_STAGE)

 16:14:11 <ubottu> bug 1091788 in partman-auto-lvm (Ubuntu Precise) "debian-installer: creation of volume group (LVM) fails if hostname corresponds with an existing device name" [Medium,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1091788

 16:14:13 <xnox> * Upstart overrides from any dir merged, thanks james for review

 16:14:13 <ubottu> bug 1093957 in ubiquity (Ubuntu) "Disk Encryption should be a sub-selection of LVM" [Medium,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1093957

 16:14:14 <ubottu> bug 1077484 in ustr (Ubuntu) "[MIR] libsemanage (shadow's rdep to continue SELinux support in shadow)" [Undecided,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1077484

 16:14:15 <xnox> ..

 16:14:27 <barry> looked into claws-m-p-e build failures when syncing from debian: libgdata/libcurl4-{gnutls,nss}-dev mess kills us again.  bug 1095407.  bug 1077087.  bug 1077089. upstream oauthlib issue 86.  py3 porting: lazr.smtptest, lazr.delegates, lazr.config (inprogress).  evaluating pillow (friendly PIL port for py3).  helped with a few lp:friends issues. started looking at mvo's sqlite fts branches for software-center (hopefully to drop xapian

 16:14:27 <barry> dependency).  dmb meeting. done.

 16:14:31 <ubottu> bug 1095407 in oneconf (Ubuntu) "Re-enable Python 2 support" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1095407

 16:14:33 <ubottu> bug 1077087 in Ubuntu Single Sign On Client "Switch from python-oauth to python-oauthlib" [Undecided,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1077087

 16:14:34 <ubottu> bug 1077089 in Ubuntu One Client "Switch from python-oauth to python-oauthlib" [Undecided,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1077089

 16:16:28 <xnox> barry: what's speed comparison of sqlite vs xapian for software-center use case? i hope that incremental indexing is faster.

 16:16:44 <barry> xnox: i don't know that yet ;)

 16:16:59 <barry> i'd be happy if it was in the same ballpark

 16:17:27 <xnox> ah. I takes quite a chunk of installation time to generate software-center index.... /me even considered having initial index in the package *gasp*

 16:18:54 <doko> barry: I already have pillow packaging

 16:19:57 <barry> doko: yeah, i saw that comment.  please provide url.  (my packaging isn't meant to be definitive, just enough to evaluate upstream)

 16:20:45 <barry> doko: i build from a github pull request which is fixing py3 issues

 16:24:42 <bdmurray> cjwatson: ?

 16:25:38 <cjwatson> oh, sorry

 16:25:40 <cjwatson> distracted :)

 16:25:46 <cjwatson> #topic bugs

 16:25:56 <cjwatson> anything we should be looking at this week that we aren't already?

 16:26:24 <bdmurray> bug 1078810 regarding quantal had a recent comment that allowed me to recreate the bug (most of the time)

 16:26:26 <ubottu> bug 1078810 in usb-creator (Ubuntu) "usb-creator-helper crashed with ImportError in __main__: No module named 'gobject'" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1078810

 16:26:40 <xnox> interesting!

 16:26:42 <bdmurray> er, whoops

 16:26:56 <bdmurray> yes, that's a bug we should look but my comment was about another bug

 16:26:58 <cjwatson> oh dear, missing pygi porting

 16:28:24 <barry> dang

 16:28:36 * xnox will look into it.

 16:28:43 <xnox> helper script is small

 16:29:00 <bdmurray> okay, thanks xnox

 16:29:28 <bdmurray> my comment regarding being able to recreate a usb-creator bug on quantal was about bug 915626

 16:29:30 <ubottu> bug 915626 in usb-creator (Ubuntu Quantal) "usb-creator-gtk crashed with SIGSEGV" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/915626

 16:29:39 <xnox> still good =)

 16:31:01 <bdmurray> I'd test it raring but…

 16:31:59 <cjwatson> But it's completely screwed due to the prior bug? :)

 16:32:42 <bdmurray> right

 16:33:12 <xnox> =)))))))

 16:33:23 <cjwatson> xnox: can you take 915626 as well, then?

 16:33:27 <xnox> i guess i win both =)

 16:33:54 <bdmurray> It seems like we should look at reviewing the branch associated with bug 1095692 for the 12.04 point release

 16:33:56 <ubottu> bug 1095692 in ubiquity (Ubuntu) "Hide the 'back' button on the first page of oem-user-config" [High,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1095692

 16:34:16 <cjwatson> bdmurray: Yep - I'll do that today

 16:34:21 <xnox> that's not merged into raring yet ?!

 16:35:47 <cjwatson> bdmurray: assigned to me, prodded bug metadata

 16:35:59 <bdmurray> okay, thanks

 16:36:14 * xnox has .changes ready to make ubiquity upload into raring. Can I still do it (to test if partman fixes resolve hangs) or cjwatson you'll do an upload today?

 16:36:52 <bdmurray> Then I'm curious how worthwhile is it to SRU bug 1078544.

 16:36:54 <ubottu> bug 1078544 in aptdaemon (Ubuntu Quantal) "python-aptdaemon: upgrading marks auto-installed packages as manual" [Medium,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1078544

 16:37:19 <cjwatson> xnox: I'll review/commit and you can upload whenever's convenient

 16:37:35 <cjwatson> xnox: no need to block on me, I can put it in the next version along if I need to

 16:37:54 <xnox> ack.

 16:38:34 <cjwatson> I suspect that infinity would still like to sort out that aptdaemon bug, based on his comments about kernel autoremoval; it might be worth asking him

 16:38:52 <cjwatson> oh, which reminds me, infinity sent apologies, but:

 16:38:52 <cjwatson> 12:39 <infinity> cjwatson: The only real point of interest from me is glibc_2.17 that should be landing when the test rebuild is done (about half done rebasing all the patches for experimental, then the Ubuntu

 16:38:56 <cjwatson> merge will be trivial on top of that)

 16:39:57 <cjwatson> bdmurray: anything else?

 16:40:31 <bdmurray> xnox: did you have any luck with the kernel and testing bug 1023645?

 16:40:33 <ubottu> bug 1023645 in ndiswrapper (Ubuntu Quantal) "ndiswrapper-dkms 1.57-1ubuntu1: ndiswrapper kernel module failed to build [error: ‘struct kernel_stat’ has no member named ‘cpustat’]" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1023645

 16:41:04 <xnox> bdmurray: a few people i poked do not have ndiswrapper hardware.

 16:41:20 <xnox> anybody here has hw that can take ndiswrapped windows drivers?

 16:41:45 <xnox> (people i know tend to choose hardware for ubuntu though)

 16:43:13 <bdmurray> well if nobody has hardware to test then that's it from me

 16:43:43 <cjwatson> thanks

 16:43:45 <cjwatson> #topic AOB

 16:44:57 <cjwatson> anyone?

 16:45:14 <xnox> loads of precise pending srus and bugs in the report.

 16:45:38 <cjwatson> which report?

 16:45:39 <xnox> maybe we should go through them and see what should be targetted at 12.04.2

 16:45:46 <xnox> rls-tracking & pending-sru

 16:46:07 <cjwatson> ok, quite possibly, not here though

 16:46:24 <xnox> http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/precise-updates-bug-tasks.html

 16:46:34 <cjwatson> jodh: is the upstart/armhf build failure on precise racy, i.e. might it go away if we retry?

 16:46:36 <xnox> http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/precise-updates-bug-tasks.html

 16:47:56 <cjwatson> jodh: https://launchpadlibrarian.net/126984012/buildlog_ubuntu-precise-armhf.upstart_1.5-0ubuntu7.1_FAILEDTOBUILD.txt.gz

 16:48:35 <jodh> cjwatson: dang - looks like that is the ol' "missing \n race again, so yeah :)

 16:49:25 <cjwatson> jo	OK, I've mashed retry

 16:49:33 <cjwatson> gah, lag

 16:50:26 <cjwatson> OK, nearly out of time and it sounds like that's all

 16:50:27 <cjwatson> Thanks everyone

 16:50:30 <cjwatson> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)