== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting: Community Council, 18 Jul at 17:04 &mdash; 18:18 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2013/ubuntu-meeting.2013-07-18-17.04.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== DMB check-in ===
The discussion about "DMB check-in" started at 17:05.


=== AOB ===
The discussion about "AOB" started at 18:08.




== Vote results ==




== Action items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * pleia2 (40)
 * sabdfl (31)
 * ScottK (24)
 * Laney (19)
 * czajkowski (16)
 * YokoZar (13)
 * tumbleweed (13)
 * bdrung (8)
 * ogra_ (8)
 * cprofitt (4)
 * AlanBell (4)
 * meetingology (3)



== Full Log ==


 17:04 <pleia2> #startmeeting Community Council

 17:04 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Jul 18 17:04:43 2013 UTC.  The chair is pleia2. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 17:04 <meetingology> 

 17:04 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 17:05 <pleia2> is anyone here from the Developer Memebership Board?

 17:05 <tumbleweed> o/

 17:05 <tumbleweed> (at the pub, so excuse my half-attention)

 17:05 <pleia2> #topic DMB check-in

 17:06 <ScottK> \o

 17:06 <YokoZar> Forgive tardiness :)

 17:06 <ScottK> A few of us are around.

 17:06 <pleia2> so this is just a check-in to see how things are going with the DMB

 17:06 <pleia2> any issues, concerns, etc?

 17:07 <tumbleweed> not enough applicants atm?

 17:07 <tumbleweed> otherwise things seem calm

 17:08 <ScottK> It does seem that almost every time we turn someone down, someone gets upset and suggests criteria should be more objective.

 17:08 <YokoZar> Do you think we've leveled off in terms of growth of developers then?

 17:08 <ScottK> It hasn't happened lately, but it's an ongoing issue.

 17:08 <ScottK> I don't think it's particularly solvable.

 17:08 <tumbleweed> YokoZar: I haven't seen any new blood in a while, but I've also been getting less involved myself, so hard to know...

 17:09 <ScottK> My personal opinion is fewer people outside Canonical see Ubuntu as a worthwhile place to invest their free time.

 17:09 <tumbleweed> the developer advocacy people are probably in the best place to answer that

 17:10 <czajkowski> ScottK: that sounds rather pesamesitc

 17:10 <czajkowski> *pessimistic

 17:10 <tumbleweed> I don' tthink it'n entirely untrue though

 17:10 <cprofitt> ScottK: that is troubling

 17:10 <ScottK> I think many people who are technically ept enough to get involved in development are also people interested in advancing the broader FOSS community.

 17:11 <ScottK> The more Canonical pushes Ubuntu in a unique direction, the less interesting it is in that regard.

 17:11 <pleia2> is this a topic that has been brought up with the tech board?

 17:11 <YokoZar> At some level, we compete with our own upstreams in terms of attention

 17:11 <pleia2> (this is more their area than ours I think)

 17:12 <pleia2> or at least a dialog that they should be involved with :)

 17:12 <tumbleweed> possibly given the new directions of ubuntu's public image (towards the phone) there are new developers that we simply aren't seeing

 17:13 <Laney> hi

 17:13 <ScottK> tumbleweed: There are, but they aren't distro developers.

 17:13 <tumbleweed> ScottK: true

 17:13 <Laney> there are "app" developers

 17:13 <Laney> I don't think the Ubuntu developer community is getting larger

 17:13 <Laney> And that does indeed reflect what the company is doing

 17:14 * pleia2 nods

 17:15 <ScottK> Quite a number of long time Ubuntu developers, including me, are increasingly working on Debian rather than Ubuntu directly.

 17:15 <pleia2> yeah, I do keep seeing familiar names pop up in debian

 17:16 <ScottK> All that said, I think the current situation is better than if Canonical had decided to do all the phone work outside the Ubuntu archive.

 17:16 <ScottK> So given where they've decided to invest, I don't know that it could be a lot better.

 17:16 <pleia2> as I understand it, app developers typically wouldn't come to DMB, right?

 17:16 <ScottK> No.

 17:17 <ScottK> We don't have anything to do with package archives outside the distro.

 17:17 <pleia2> thakns

 17:18 <Laney> Our last new core-dev appears to have been on 2012-11-01 - MOTU has had 5 or so this year and PPU 6 including two new flavours

 17:18 <pleia2> Laney: ouch

 17:21 <pleia2> has there been a change in the types of people applying?

 17:21 * bdrung appears

 17:21 <tumbleweed> recently there was a batch of long time canonical employees, if my memory serves me

 17:21 <pleia2> canonical vs volunteers vs other companies

 17:21 <pleia2> tumbleweed: that's my memory too

 17:22 <ScottK> More Canonical, less anything else.

 17:22 <Laney> Don't know how much that's a change over recent history

 17:22 <pleia2> Laney: how recent?

 17:22 <Laney> It doesn't feel like the mix of people has changed so much in my time anyway

 17:22 <YokoZar> I suppose Canonical's rate of growth has outpaced things

 17:23 <Laney> 2 years or so

 17:23 * pleia2 nods

 17:23 <Laney> It's just the numbers

 17:24 <ScottK> Also, over the last 4 years or so, Ubuntu is less and less where the cool kids that want the crazy bleeding edge stuff hang out.

 17:24 <ScottK> I'm not sure where they went, but I've seen a big change in the feature freeze exceptions the release team gets in that time.

 17:25 <tumbleweed> a large chunk certainly went to OSX over the last decade

 17:25 <tumbleweed> no idea about any growth in other distros

 17:26 <ScottK> Arch seems a good candidate for a locus of insanity, but I may just be biased because they thought pointing /usr/bin/python at ./python3 was a good idea.

 17:26 <pleia2> I'm sure a lot of factors are in play here, one of which is I'm seeing more talented devel-type people being hired faster, less time for hobbiest work

 17:27 <YokoZar> tumbleweed: I'm pretty sure we've still been growing in terms of users at least.  Which I suppose implies a smaller percentage of our users are developers.

 17:27 <bdrung> distrowatch says that mint has a big user base, but i don't get the impression that many packagers went there

 17:27 <tumbleweed> YokoZar: I'd assume so

 17:27 <czajkowski> bdrung: not sure how much I pay to distrowatch :)

 17:27 <Laney> Anyway, it's definitely not a bad thing if people move to whatever upstream

 17:29 <YokoZar> bdrung I think http://stats.wikimedia.org/wikimedia/squids/SquidReportOperatingSystems.htm  a much more reliable popularity contest ;)

 17:30 <pleia2> Laney: yeah, it still trickles down to us pretty directly

 17:31 <Laney> Still, we were never at a level of having run out of work to do

 17:32 <ScottK> Ubuntu developers moving "up" to Debian has been a significant source of DDs in recent years, but if the Ubuntu pipe is drying up, it's not good in the long run.

 17:33 <Laney> We've had some meetings at UDS about this but we never found a way to find new people reliably

 17:33 <bdrung> YokoZar: assuming distrowatch attracts more technical people, Ubuntu seems to get more widespread by regular users.

 17:33 <czajkowski> Laney: do you guys actively go looking ?

 17:33 <czajkowski> apprroaching people directly ?

 17:33 <Laney> maybe flavours have a role here - they seem to do well for sustaining non-C contributions

 17:33 <ScottK> I think that given Canonical's direction, it's not a solvable problem.

 17:34 <ScottK> Laney: to the extent they are sustainable in the long run, that's true.

 17:35 <Laney> czajkowski: we've done all sorts in the past but not so much at the minute

 17:35 <Laney> I'd guess morale about recruitment is quite low

 17:36 <czajkowski> Laney: bit of a catch 22 then

 17:37 <Laney> Anyway

 17:37 <Laney> We're making it easier for not-completely-ubuntu people to contribute

 17:38 <Laney> so you don't have to be an out-and-out distribution developer

 17:38 * pleia2 nods

 17:38 <cprofitt> It concerns me that morale is lower

 17:38 <cprofitt> but not sure what we can do to resolve that

 17:40 <pleia2> so I'm inclined to say that pause and say that this is now on our radar

 17:40 <pleia2> not sure of action items though

 17:40 * cprofitt nods

 17:40 <ScottK> I don't think there's anything.  I think it's a function of Canonical's direction.

 17:40 <ScottK> Fundamentally, there's less room for outside contribution.

 17:41 <ScottK> I need to go, so have a good rest of your meeting.

 17:42 <bdrung> seeing many articles about Canonical doing stuff, but only few about the Ubuntu community does not attract contributors.

 17:42 <sabdfl> hello folks

 17:42 <bdrung> hi sabdfl.

 17:43 <sabdfl> sorry to be late, glad i could join though

 17:45 <bdrung> I saw bug report with a mindset of users versus Canonical. I don't know whether this is caused by the growth of Ubuntu or the increased impression of Ubuntu being controlled by Canonical.

 17:45 <YokoZar> Mmm, good to see you

 17:45 <YokoZar> Thanks ScottK

 17:47 <pleia2> I think it's fair to say that the market has changed for linux-focused developers too, most people I know who used to hack on this stuff have "real jobs" and increasingly that takes them away from hobbiest stuff (and isn't always directly on the core os)

 17:47 <pleia2> even kids right out college with experience get hired fast

 17:47 <pleia2> world needs linux people :)

 17:48 <YokoZar> pleia2: I think it good for us that Ubuntu experience is a very marketable job skill ;)

 17:48 <pleia2> YokoZar: indeed!

 17:50 <sabdfl> just catching up on scrollback (thanks czajkowski)

 17:50 <sabdfl> i think its inevitable that the big push for a converged UX, and effectively a new DE, has rattled things

 17:51 <sabdfl> am glad we've seen teams step up to drive KDE and GNOME and other DEs in the Ubuntu archve

 17:51 <sabdfl> not sure I put much stock in the suggestion that the whole platform is less relevant to FLOSS though - still feels like the best place to get your fix

 17:52 <sabdfl> happy to lose the crazy-edge to Arch, used to be Gentoo, similar gene and meme

 17:52 <sabdfl> also, i think looking across the FLOSS landscape, we have fewer participants because bright folks have more layers to play at

 17:52 <sabdfl> cloud

 17:52 <sabdfl> mobile

 17:52 <sabdfl> web

 17:53 <sabdfl> none of those were real things in 1995, and mobile + cloud are both post-2004

 17:53 <YokoZar> There's also more upstreams

 17:53 <sabdfl> i am a bit upset at what i see as pointless undermining of core efforts by parts of the community

 17:53 <YokoZar> And, frankly, in some sense the less things are broken at the distro layer the less incentive we have to attract developers ;)

 17:53 <sabdfl> i think some of Kubuntu's posturing re Mir has been aimed at currying favour upstream

 17:54 <sabdfl> i can appreciate the need for alignment and help and to be popular but it doesn't help to undermine your base :)

 17:54 <bdrung> Ubuntu on the desktop lost its newness.

 17:54 <sabdfl> right

 17:54 <sabdfl> it's hard work too!

 17:54 <sabdfl> kids these days :)

 17:55 <YokoZar> Speaking personally, what made me a developer was seeing a piece of low hanging fruit in Ubuntu that was a huge problem I knew how to solve

 17:55 <YokoZar> we have less huge problems, and thus less fruit to pick these days

 17:55 <sabdfl> i would like to know what we can do to get our flavours  to be happy, suggestions welcome

 17:55 <sabdfl> saying 'don't move our cheese and can we have more flex on SRUs' isn't it though :)

 17:55 <sabdfl> YokoZar, agreed

 17:55 <sabdfl> however

 17:55 <sabdfl> we ARE seeing exactly that on the mobile front

 17:55 <sabdfl> lots of gaps and lots of low hanging fruit

 17:56 <sabdfl> and lots of new invention needed

 17:56 <bdrung> Scratching my own itch got me involved. Being more stable has the drawback of decreasing incentives to get involved. :)

 17:56 <sabdfl> my general expectation is that the whole FLOSS client story really hinges on Ubuntu mobile

 17:56 <sabdfl> if we get a reasonable share, then it becomes cool to work on the core (and all flavours benefit)

 17:57 <sabdfl> if not, then after a decade or so I think I'd be ready to say Linux will always be a developer desktop :)

 17:57 <sabdfl> so, best we crack it open

 17:57 <sabdfl> in the interim, good, careful governance is a strength, so my thanks to all of you who shape it

 17:59 <pleia2> thanks sabdfl

 18:00 <pleia2> any other comments?

 18:01 <pleia2> thanks for joining us tumbleweed, bdrung, ScottK and Laney, even though I don't see action items right now I think awareness itself helps

 18:01 <ogra_> something that struck me a while ago already was if the flavours are actually aware that *they* can be the desktop version on a converged device too ....

 18:01 <ogra_> i wonder if it would make sense to make that fact more popular

 18:02 <pleia2> kde has a tablet version that they've been putting a lot of work in to, but I think other flavors tend to just lack interest (xubuntu isn't interested)

 18:02 <ogra_> im not talking about tablet versions but about what happens if you dock it to a screen and kbd/mouse

 18:02 <pleia2> ah, gotcha

 18:02 <AlanBell> ogra_: you mean Ubuntu Touch QML Unity on the mobile end and another DE over HDMI?

 18:03 <ogra_> there will evry likely be phones shipping with ubuntu

 18:03 <ogra_> AlanBell, exactly

 18:03 <ogra_> it seems to me that many flavour people are not aware of that fact

 18:03 <ogra_> and how much more popularity they would gain

 18:04 <ogra_> by being an easily pluggable replacement for the desktop mode

 18:06 <czajkowski> any From czajkowski Â· Hide

 18:07 <czajkowski> other comments for the meeting

 18:07 <Laney> O_O

 18:07 <czajkowski> damn  trackpad!

 18:08 <czajkowski> pleia2: is there anything else on the agenda?

 18:08 <pleia2> I think that's it

 18:08 <czajkowski> does anyone else have any other topics?

 18:08 <czajkowski> #AOB

 18:08 <AlanBell> o/

 18:08 <pleia2> #topic AOB

 18:08 <czajkowski> AlanBell: what's up ?

 18:09 <AlanBell> we discussed at UDS surprise announcements :)

 18:10 <AlanBell> and there appears to be one in progress, is there anything we should know about it, or could say the IRC operator team get some kind of briefing on where the relevant resources are

 18:11 <czajkowski> AlanBell: not sure what you are refering to tbh, but not sure we can go into it now

 18:11 <czajkowski> we're very much over time

 18:12 <pleia2> I'll make a note to remind myself that in the case of such announcements we should make sure we keep the IRC folks in the loop

 18:12 <pleia2> don't want another phone announcement situation :)

 18:13 <sabdfl> ogra_, good point

 18:14 <pleia2> AlanBell: thanks

 18:17 <pleia2> ok, anything else?

 18:17 <czajkowski> nope all good thanks pleia2

 18:18 <pleia2> ok, thanks everyone :)

 18:18 <pleia2> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)