#title #ubuntu-meeting Meeting

Meeting started by czajkowski at 17:12:53 UTC.  The full logs are
available at
http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2013/ubuntu-meeting.2013-03-07-17.12.log.html
.



== Meeting summary ==

 *Catch up with the Forums Council
''LINK:'' https://www.facebook.com/events/212012785606964/   (SergioMeneses, 17:34:11)



Meeting ended at 17:56:06 UTC.



== Votes ==




== Action items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * itnet7 (36)
 * beuno (30)
 * SergioMeneses (20)
 * czajkowski (20)
 * sabdfl (13)
 * elfy (10)
 * s-fox (8)
 * cariboo907 (3)
 * meetingology (3)
 * coffeecat (3)



== Full Log ==


 17:12:53 <czajkowski> #startmeeting

 17:12:53 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Mar  7 17:12:53 2013 UTC.  The chair is czajkowski. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 17:12:53 <meetingology> 

 17:12:53 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 17:13:03 <czajkowski> we'll start and wait for the others to come, they're currrently on a call

 17:13:14 <czajkowski> #topic Catch up with the Forums Council

 17:13:24 <czajkowski> so who is here from the forums council

 17:13:29 <elfy> o/

 17:13:32 <coffeecat> o/ from FC

 17:13:35 <cariboo907> o/

 17:13:59 <s-fox> Hello

 17:15:00 <czajkowski> hi folks thanks for coming

 17:15:23 <czajkowski> It's just the same as before, catch up with us, and tell us how things are going

 17:15:30 <czajkowski> anyone can jump in and update us

 17:15:54 <elfy> well - we're right in the middle of finishing bits to do with the forum upgrade

 17:16:12 <elfy> members are still applying via the forum

 17:16:28 <itnet7> they there czajkowski sorry I'm running late

 17:16:33 <cariboo907> we've also appoint a couple of new admins

 17:16:57 <s-fox> And mods

 17:17:01 <czajkowski> elfy: nice to see that ticket come to a close

 17:17:03 <sabdfl> hi all, sorry to be late

 17:17:20 <s-fox> hello

 17:17:49 <elfy> czajkowski: yea - we'll be creating new one for plugins to replace old ones - but we're in direct contact with a couple from IS - they've been helpful

 17:17:55 <coffeecat> We should also say that we had first-rate support from sysadmins before, during and after upgrade. Much appreciated.

 17:18:01 <elfy> yep

 17:18:39 <czajkowski> nods good stuff

 17:19:13 <czajkowski> how has the recruitment to get people on board to help/moderate ?

 17:20:01 <s-fox> As and when needed. No issue

 17:20:57 <czajkowski> and in general? all going well in the forums?

 17:21:44 <czajkowski> Is there anything the CC can help with ?

 17:21:57 <elfy> Not that I'm aware of atm

 17:22:12 <s-fox> Not that I am aware of. If something comes up we'll let you know

 17:22:28 <czajkowski> beuno: pleia2 cprofitt sabdfl any comments?

 17:22:50 <sabdfl> no, just glad for the upgrade :)

 17:22:59 <coffeecat> so are we! :)

 17:23:05 <czajkowski> am so glad that ticket is done \o/

 17:23:19 <beuno> +1

 17:23:46 <elfy> so that IS can have another one to drag the average ticket age down - we'll do the upgrade to vb5 ticket this week some time

 17:24:19 <s-fox> Vb5 isn't that far away iirc

 17:24:38 <s-fox> Hopefully it will be easier to do

 17:24:39 <sabdfl> hey, if you make a juju charm of it, we'll get the upgrade on day zero ;)

 17:24:39 <elfy> looks rather horrid though imo

 17:25:42 <cariboo907> I guess we'll have to talk to Jorge about a juju charm :)

 17:26:34 <czajkowski> sure well anyone have any other comments so we can move on

 17:26:40 <elfy> not me

 17:26:41 <czajkowski> it's nice when there is good news to report :)

 17:27:33 <czajkowski> SergioMeneses: itnet7 ping ;)

 17:27:40 <itnet7> Hey there!

 17:27:46 <SergioMeneses> hi all!

 17:28:15 <czajkowski> thanks folks for coming

 17:28:22 <elfy> cya czajkowski

 17:28:26 <itnet7> np

 17:28:36 <s-fox> Goodbye

 17:28:38 <SergioMeneses> no problem :)

 17:29:05 <beuno> so!

 17:29:08 <beuno> LoCo council!

 17:29:19 <beuno> how are things?

 17:29:44 <itnet7> Not bad, things are going pretty well

 17:30:01 <SergioMeneses> all fine here :)

 17:30:11 <sabdfl> that's good news, i heard the world was on fire :)

 17:30:18 <itnet7> ;-) sabdfl

 17:30:25 <sabdfl> how are the loco's liking the mobile push?

 17:30:26 <SergioMeneses> sabdfl, :S

 17:30:30 <sabdfl> or not?

 17:30:52 <itnet7> sabdfl: From what I can gather, everyone is excited about the push (well most are)

 17:31:38 <SergioMeneses> sabdfl, there are a lot of point of view as you can see in the planet but I think things go well

 17:32:02 <sabdfl> ok

 17:32:05 <beuno> SergioMeneses, any of that boiling up through the LoCo's?

 17:32:11 <beuno> I haven't seen so at least in mine

 17:32:12 <itnet7> We have heard that a few teams chose the Global Jam as an opportunity to demo on their tablets and there has been some buzz about wanting to join in and work on porting to their phones

 17:33:07 <SergioMeneses> sure! itnet7 has right, we did a party mobile here in Colombia

 17:34:11 <SergioMeneses> https://www.facebook.com/events/212012785606964/

 17:34:38 <itnet7> beuno: there has only been a few cases of people venting grievences, but we haven't been contacted by any loco teams directly surrounding any ofit

 17:35:51 <beuno> any general concerns?

 17:36:12 <itnet7> There are a few things we have been discussing with the Local Community teams, We have been discussing alternate references of the difference of the two Local Community Teams, changing the reference of being approved

 17:36:23 <beuno> right

 17:36:26 <itnet7> to something more inclusive

 17:36:54 <beuno> are you happy with the way that discussion is going?

 17:38:07 <itnet7> beuno: I think there has been some added discussion that seems to slow the progress. They are valid concerns, for example someone has requested us to stop referring to "LoCos" as well

 17:38:15 <sabdfl> ?

 17:38:20 <itnet7> due the the Spanis Translation

 17:38:22 <sabdfl> ah

 17:38:24 <SergioMeneses> sure

 17:38:25 <itnet7> *Spanish

 17:38:51 <SergioMeneses> loco in Spanish means "crazy"

 17:38:59 <itnet7> but I think we're making progress with it

 17:39:20 <beuno> I always found it amusing more than anything else

 17:39:27 <itnet7> ditto ;-)

 17:39:42 <SergioMeneses> and we are working about a new word for approve teams, here is our post http://lococouncil.ubuntu.com/2013/02/06/coming-up-with-another-term-for-approved-loco-teams-discussion/

 17:40:19 <itnet7> The other thing we have been looking into is breaking down of teams in a sensible way when they are large geographically

 17:40:35 <itnet7> India for example

 17:41:27 * beuno dreads all the wiki page renaming if the name is changed

 17:41:28 <SergioMeneses> or Brazil (big countries)

 17:42:15 <itnet7> beuno: agreed

 17:42:29 <SergioMeneses> beuno, you're right

 17:43:07 <itnet7> We are taking time to ensure that we don't try and make something harder for everyone

 17:43:09 <beuno> can't we just have an FAQ somewhere referring to the fact that it's known it has a certain meaning in spanish, that it's not intentional, etc

 17:43:58 <sabdfl> i always took it to mean 'crazy about ubuntu'. let's not over-stress about that one :)

 17:44:05 <itnet7> Right!

 17:44:31 <sabdfl> main thing is this - loco's should provide both a happy place for people with ubuntu in common to meet up and hang out

 17:44:34 <beuno> glad these are the things being dealt with, though!

 17:44:39 <SergioMeneses> beuno, I think so... and the teams can use the term: Local Community instead LoCo ( for Spanish teams )

 17:45:01 <sabdfl> and also a local resource for folks who are interested in ubuntu but not yet fully engaged

 17:45:08 <sabdfl> especially if we start showing up on phones and tablets

 17:45:29 <itnet7> We can try and communicate that better, 'crazy about ubuntu' might really help ;-)

 17:45:45 <SergioMeneses> Im totally agree

 17:45:58 <itnet7> The other things we have been dealing with more or less center around team leadership concerns

 17:46:16 <itnet7> We still have a bunch of people that contact us in wanting to get involved

 17:46:49 <beuno> itnet7, us == the LoCo council?

 17:47:04 <itnet7> beuno: yes

 17:47:07 <SergioMeneses> yes

 17:47:24 <itnet7> For the most part, everytime they e-mail us individually, we reply copying the LC

 17:47:29 <itnet7> and everyone gets involved

 17:48:01 <itnet7> That has really improved the communication for the LC

 17:48:37 <itnet7> and things tend to get resolved/address faster

 17:49:10 <beuno> itnet7, these are people contacting you to raise problems in LoCo teams?

 17:49:13 <itnet7> Oh, beuno, I mean involved with their teams, and in the community

 17:49:30 <beuno> or people trying to get involved locally?

 17:49:32 <beuno> right

 17:49:57 <SergioMeneses> beuno, locally and involve with global events like UGJ

 17:50:54 <beuno> cool

 17:51:01 <beuno> anything the CC can help with?

 17:51:07 <itnet7> beuno: one of the most recent request, was that a team wasn't appearing in the LoCo Team Portal. In order for a team to appear there, they need to be a member of one of the LoCo Community Teams. He tried to contact the team owner, and received no response

 17:51:13 <itnet7> he formed his own team

 17:51:20 <itnet7> We helped him straighten everything out

 17:51:44 * beuno nods

 17:51:47 <itnet7> He was able to list his Global Jam Event, a week ahead of the jam

 17:51:59 <beuno> that's great

 17:52:06 <itnet7> beuno: I can't really thinki of anything atm

 17:52:22 <beuno> that's a good thing!  :)

 17:52:23 <SergioMeneses> beuno, not now

 17:52:48 <itnet7> Is there anything you have for us?

 17:53:09 <beuno> not from me

 17:53:12 <beuno> anyone else from the CC?

 17:53:27 <SergioMeneses> imho this cycle is easier than the last one :) we have more experience

 17:55:01 <czajkowski> beuno: nope al good thanks

 17:55:11 <beuno> I think that's a warp then

 17:55:21 <SergioMeneses> jeje

 17:55:30 <itnet7> Awesome, Thanks !!

 17:55:33 <beuno> warp, sheesh

 17:55:36 <beuno> wrap!

 17:55:40 <beuno> thank you everyone

 17:55:52 <beuno> #endmeeting

 17:55:53 <SergioMeneses> beuno, thanks for all! anf the CC

 17:55:57 <beuno> czajkowski, ^

 17:56:06 <czajkowski> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)