== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting: Community Council, 20 Jun at 17:04 &mdash; 17:56 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2013/ubuntu-meeting.2013-06-20-17.04.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Forums check-in ===
The discussion about "Forums check-in" started at 17:05.


=== Translators check-in ===
The discussion about "Translators check-in" started at 17:09.


=== Any Other Business ===
The discussion about "Any Other Business" started at 17:36.

  * ''LINK:'' http://www.ubuntu.com/download/desktop/questions?distro=desktop&bits=32&release=lts for example



== Vote results ==




== Action items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * pleia2 (37)
 * dpm (17)
 * czajkowski (16)
 * jono (15)
 * ScottK (12)
 * dholbach (10)
 * coffeecat (6)
 * Gwaihir (5)
 * meetingology (4)
 * beuno (1)
 * leoquant (1)



== Full Log ==


 17:04 <pleia2> #startmeeting Community Council

 17:04 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Jun 20 17:04:11 2013 UTC.  The chair is pleia2. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 17:04 <meetingology> 

 17:04 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 17:04 <pleia2> #chair dholbach Gwaihir

 17:04 <meetingology> Current chairs: Gwaihir dholbach pleia2

 17:04 <dholbach> hey

 17:04 <pleia2> so the plan today is to meet with translators and forums folks

 17:04 <pleia2> is there anyone from the forums here?

 17:05 <coffeecat> o/

 17:05 <pleia2> hey coffeecat :)

 17:05 <pleia2> #topic Forums check-in

 17:05 <coffeecat> hi pleia2 :)

 17:05 <pleia2> I know there are some RT tickets that are being worked on, any other updates/concerns/celebrations you wish to share?

 17:06 <coffeecat> Not really. We didn't have much time to liaise amongst ourselves, but there's nothing hot that I'm aware of.

 17:06 <pleia2> well, that's good to hear :)

 17:06 <coffeecat> Except - we added four new moderators after some of the experineced ones stepped down. Always a pleasure to see new blood.

 17:07 * pleia2 nods

 17:09 <pleia2> alright, well as always feel free to give us a nudge if you need anything :)

 17:09 <coffeecat> will do. THanks! :)

 17:09 <pleia2> thank you for coming today!

 17:09 <coffeecat> :)

 17:09 <pleia2> #topic Translators check-in

 17:09 <pleia2> anyone here from the translations team?

 17:09 <pleia2> (Gwaihir is, but he said he was wrapping up some things)

 17:10 <beuno> o/

 17:11 <pleia2> just gave dpm a nudge too

 17:12 <dholbach> hola dpm

 17:12 <dpm> hey dholbach

 17:14 <pleia2> dpm: so, any updates/concerns/celebrations to share with the CC re: translations?

 17:14 <pleia2> (hoping Gwaihir will join us too)

 17:15 <pleia2> I just realized we only emailed the translations core team, probably should have asked the translations mailing list itself

 17:16 <dpm> pleia2, I've not been able to spend much time in translations since last meeting, most of my time is on app development. I've been working with the translations community to get the Ubuntu Touch apps and Unity 8 translated, and the response and results have been awesome as ever, but we're still more or less in the same situation as last time regarding global coordination

 17:16 <czajkowski> aloha

 17:16 <dpm> so things as getting language packs out or opening Saucy translations have been suffering from that

 17:17 <dpm> Pierre Slamich has been organizing meetings with other translators, which is pretty awesome, but I've not been able to attend any of them so far, so I cannot report on those

 17:17 <czajkowski> dpm: is there a way we can help here?

 17:17 <pleia2> I did see http://www.piware.de/2013/06/ubuntu-saucy-translations-are-now-open/ last week

 17:18 <dpm> pleia2, yeah, I saw that as well, but we've not done any promotion or been much involved from the translations side as we used to

 17:19 <pleia2> yeah, actually I realize now that that message never actually got to the translations mailing list

 17:19 <dholbach> I can only vaguely remember the biggest blockers which were mentioned in the last meeting - can anyone remind me?

 17:19 <pleia2> I've been working some with Pierre Slamich to get stats back in UWN, so that's nice

 17:19 <dpm> nice!

 17:19 <pleia2> dholbach: coordination in general, making sure milestones were announced, translations opened

 17:19 <Gwaihir> dpm, regarding lang pack, do not remember if you already did it, but can you summarize the steps needed in an email?

 17:21 <dpm> Gwaihir, I definitely can, I'll get it to you tomorrow. Actually, I'll send it to the list. It's already documented in detail here: http://bazaar.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-langpack/langpack-o-matic/main/view/head:/doc/operator-guide.txt , but it could do with a higher level overview

 17:22 <czajkowski> dpm: are there things the commnity can't do that we need someone in canonical to do, or for the most part ok on their own to run once shown how ?

 17:22 <Gwaihir> dpm, thanks, that would much need, I would really like to push myself the langpack back

 17:22 <Gwaihir> s/need/help

 17:22 <dpm> czajkowski, I think the main thing that we need now is to get more activity and new (or current) contributors helping in terms of coordinating regular activities, doing regular announcements, set new goals, etc

 17:23 <czajkowski> nods

 17:23 <czajkowski> ok

 17:23 <czajkowski> so more publicising

 17:23 <dpm> czajkowski, 99% can be done by the community, the only thing I can think of that requires special Canonical permissions is to build language packs on the Canonical servers

 17:24 <czajkowski> dpm: would it be possible to have a point of contact there so we know who to poke

 17:24 <dpm> for other things that might need elevated permissions e.g. in LP, we've got the ubuntu-translations-coordinators team, which is community-based

 17:24 <czajkowski> or for tha one person to annouce when it's done ?

 17:25 <dpm> czajkowski, point of contact where?

 17:26 <dpm> if it's for the Canonical servers access for langpacks, it's pitti, but he's moved to other tasks for a while now

 17:26 <dpm> hey leoquant :)

 17:27 <dholbach> did the translations coordination team ask for some more help with the organisation at some stage?

 17:28 <Gwaihir> dpm, can't we interact with Canonical sysadmin in case for that? is it just a script to be run or it needs something else?

 17:28 <dholbach> to me it seems like they should be able to help people who could help out new coordinators well

 17:29 <dpm> Gwaihir, it requires not only ssh access to the server, but also knowledge in building the language packs. I think we rather need to find someone else in another team that can take over from pitti than IS. To find someone else has been on my list for a while, but tbh I've had no time to look into it :/

 17:29 <leoquant> hi dpm

 17:30 <dpm> dholbach, more people in the coordinators team would definitely help. We already got Pierre in there.

 17:31 <dpm> recently

 17:32 <dholbach> that might be a first good step then

 17:34 <pleia2> doesn't sound like a whole lot we can do right now, but we should keep this on our radar

 17:35 <dholbach> I don't have any more suggestions or questions right now.

 17:35 <pleia2> same

 17:35 <pleia2> thanks dpm and Gwaihir :)

 17:35 <dpm> thanks pleia2, czajkowski, dholbach, Gwaihir :)

 17:36 <pleia2> #topic Any Other Business

 17:36 <pleia2> so, this! http://fridge.ubuntu.com/2013/06/20/ubuntu-donations-and-community-funding/

 17:36 <Gwaihir> thanks dpm!

 17:38 <pleia2> and also had this announced last week http://fridge.ubuntu.com/2013/06/14/certificates-for-ubuntu-members/

 17:39 <czajkowski> busy with annoucements all of a sudden

 17:39 <czajkowski> which is great

 17:39 <pleia2> yeah, nice to see all of this stuff coming together finally :)

 17:43 <ScottK> \o

 17:45 <pleia2> unless anyone else has anything to add, I think we can wrap this up

 17:45 <pleia2> (ScottK anything from you?)

 17:45 <ScottK> I wanted to ask about the announcement today about donations.

 17:46 <czajkowski> pleia2: aye tis great :)

 17:46 <pleia2> sure

 17:46 <czajkowski> ScottK: sure fire ahead

 17:46 <ScottK> It wasn't clear from the announcement if there's going to be community oversight or not.

 17:46 <ScottK> It seems like one applies to Canonical and either get approved or denied.

 17:47 <pleia2> so the plan is for Canonical to be the main guardians of it and to reach out to applicable community teams for feedback, then at the end of the cycle the report will show where the money went and we'll discuss it then for the next cycle

 17:48 <ScottK> Right, but with no idea how much was donated for Kubuntu, how do I have any idea what's reasonable to request?

 17:48 <czajkowski> ScottK: so you want to know what's in the kitty first

 17:48 <ScottK> Even if it's not made public, I think the appropriate flavor governance bodies should know.

 17:49 <ScottK> Personally, I think it should be public, but that's a finer point.

 17:49 <pleia2> ScottK: you might want to talk to jono directly since they didn't want to make it fully public, he may be willing to give you some details privately

 17:49 <jono> ScottK, hi

 17:49 <jono> so we don't plan on making the budgets available until the final report

 17:49 <ScottK> Also, if someone is asking for money out of the Kubuntu pot, I think the KC should decide if it's reasonable.

 17:49 <jono> there is no % assigned to Kubuntu

 17:49 <dholbach> ScottK, I think it will be mostly about "is this use of money going to have a good impact?"

 17:49 <czajkowski> ScottK: I supose it can't be given it donations to flavours so maybe it's just on a per basis

 17:50 <jono> there is a budget for all flavors

 17:50 <jono> requests will come on a first come first served basis

 17:50 <jono> but we will try to pre-empt other needs such as conference sponsorship

 17:50 <ScottK> Then when someone says they want their donation to go to, say, Lubuntu, does that affect how the money gets spent?

 17:50 <jono> ScottK, there is no way of someone saying where specifically they want their donation to go

 17:51 <jono> other than the broad bucket of "flavors"

 17:51 <jono> and our goal is to ensure that that money is fairly distributed across the flavors based on their needs

 17:51 <czajkowski> ScottK: if you lok at the donations page it says donate to flavours but you cannot say which one specfically so it's a flavours pot

 17:51 <ScottK> I see.

 17:51 <jono> there is no X% for Kubuntu, X% Lubuntu etc

 17:51 <czajkowski> *look

 17:51 <jono> ScottK, my recommendation is simply put in funding requests where you feel the money could be useful utilized

 17:52 <dholbach> http://www.ubuntu.com/download/desktop/questions?distro=desktop&bits=32&release=lts for example

 17:52 <ScottK> So is there still an option to have a link to "If you want to donate to $FLAVOR specifically, go here:"?

 17:52 <jono> ScottK, and while there is still budget, if that is a reasonable request within the guidelines it should be approved

 17:52 <jono> ScottK, no

 17:52 <jono> ScottK, just the donations sliders as discussed

 17:55 <dholbach> any other questions?

 17:55 <pleia2> thanks jono

 17:55 <jono> thanks

 17:56 <pleia2> ok, thanks for coming everyone :)

 17:56 <ScottK> Personally, I think that donations page is a problem.

 17:56 <pleia2> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)