== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 15 Jul at 16:30 &mdash; 16:56 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2013/ubuntu-meeting.2013-07-15-16.30.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting 
=== Weekly stand-up report ===
The discussion about "Weekly stand-up report" started at 16:31.


=== Highlighted packages ===
The discussion about "Highlighted packages" started at 16:45.

  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/libuser.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/gnucash.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/salt.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/alien-arena.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/php-letodms-core.html 

=== Miscellaneous and Questions ===
The discussion about "Miscellaneous and Questions" started at 16:46.




== Vote results ==




== Action items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * jdstrand (25)
 * mdeslaur (8)
 * chrisccoulson (8)
 * tyhicks (6)
 * sbeattie (5)
 * meetingology (3)
 * jjohansen (3)



== Full Log ==


 16:30 <jdstrand> #startmeeting

 16:30 <meetingology> Meeting started Mon Jul 15 16:30:50 2013 UTC.  The chair is jdstrand. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:30 <meetingology> 

 16:30 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 16:30 <jdstrand> The meeting agenda can be found at:

 16:30 <jdstrand> [LINK] https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting

 16:31 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Weekly stand-up report

 16:31 <jdstrand> I'll go first

 16:31 <jdstrand> last week was more work on apparmor (application lifecycle, click and application confinement)

 16:31 <jdstrand> I had hoped to get openjdk-7 out, but testing took longer than expected. that should go out today

 16:32 <jdstrand> I am preparing openjdk-6 uploads now

 16:32 <jdstrand> cause of the above, I postponed patch piloting again, so I'll give it another shot this week

 16:33 <jdstrand> I have some july work items, particularly getting the evil app together for the IoM demo, and trying to drive the conversations that affect us related to that demo to conclusion

 16:33 <jdstrand> I upgraded to saucy on my main system over the weekend, and have a number of bugs to file/investigate

 16:33 <jdstrand> mdeslaur: you're up

 16:34 <mdeslaur> I'm in the happy place this week

 16:34 <mdeslaur> I just published a couple of USNs

 16:34 <mdeslaur> and am currently working on php5 updates

 16:34 <mdeslaur> I have a couple of other things to test and will probably release them this week

 16:34 <mdeslaur> after that, I'll continue picking stuff from the CVE list

 16:34 <mdeslaur> that's it for me

 16:34 <mdeslaur> sbeattie: you're up

 16:35 <sbeattie> I'm working on apparmor stuff this week

 16:35 <sbeattie> I'm currently working on getting the click hook prototype implementation far enough along to help drive the hook discussion to completion.

 16:36 <sbeattie> I also upgraded to saucy over the weekend, and have a couple of bugs of my own to file.

 16:36 <sbeattie> I think that's it for me.

 16:37 <sbeattie> tyhicks: you're up

 16:37 <tyhicks> I'll be updating the apparmor parser according to the DBus/IPC syntax that we decided on last week

 16:38 <tyhicks> I upgraded to saucy and need to take a look at some new AA dbus denials

 16:38 <tyhicks> Then content-hub should be at a good place for me to start on the Content Handler work items

 16:39 <tyhicks> I also need to find a little time for ecryptfs patch reviews

 16:39 <tyhicks> that's it for me

 16:39 <tyhicks> jjohansen: you're up

 16:39 <jjohansen> I am working on apparmor WIs this week, I am going to try and get some parser cleanups (and fixes collisions with tyhicks work) and changes for ipc out this week, before my long weekend (I'm off M,T next week).

 16:41 <jjohansen> I also need to start pushing the apparmorfs changes upstream (for 3.12) now that the merge window for 3.11 has closed

 16:42 <jjohansen> I think thats it for me chrisccoulson your up

 16:42 <chrisccoulson> hi :)

 16:43 <chrisccoulson> note, i've just had a couple of short weeks (was away last monday, and the last 2 days of the week previous)

 16:43 <chrisccoulson> i got another flash update out last week

 16:44 <chrisccoulson> also attended a call to talk about the UA string for the mobile browser. we're going to have a further call with someone from mozilla soon

 16:44 <chrisccoulson> did some more work on oxide (what i've got is actually buildable now!)

 16:44 <chrisccoulson> i'm hoping to have it sort-of working sometime next week

 16:45 <chrisccoulson> i'm going to arrange a meeting for all stakeholders of that this week

 16:45 <mdeslaur> \o/

 16:45 <jdstrand> re oxide building> woo!

 16:45 <chrisccoulson> i think that's me done

 16:45 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Highlighted packages

 16:46 <jdstrand> The Ubuntu Security team will highlight some community-supported packages that might be good candidates for updating and or triaging. If you would like to help Ubuntu and not sure where to start, this is a great way to do so.

 16:46 <jdstrand> See https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/UpdateProcedures for details and if you have any questions, feel free to ask in #ubuntu-security. To find out other ways of helping out, please see https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/GettingInvolved.

 16:46 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/libuser.html

 16:46 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/gnucash.html

 16:46 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/salt.html

 16:46 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/alien-arena.html

 16:46 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/php-letodms-core.html

 16:46 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Miscellaneous and Questions

 16:46 <jdstrand> Does anyone have any other questions or items to discuss?

 16:56 <jdstrand> mdeslaur, sbeattie, tyhicks, jjohansen, chrisccoulson: thanks!

 16:56 <jdstrand> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)