#title #ubuntu-meeting: ubuntu-server-team

Meeting started by hallyn at 16:01:04 UTC.  The full logs are available
at
http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2013/ubuntu-meeting.2013-02-26-16.01.log.html
.



== Meeting summary ==

 *Review ACTION points from previous meeting
''ACTION:'' serge update server meeting docs to reflect palrs representing qa  (hallyn, 16:05:38)

 *Raring Development

 *Ubuntu Server Team Events

 *Weekly Updates & Questions for the QA Team (hggdh)
''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu-test-cases/+bug/1130029   (plars, 16:22:11)
''ACTION:'' serge consider putting the obsolete_conffiles.log url in weekly triaging knowledgebase section  (hallyn, 16:31:13)

 *Weekly Updates & Questions for the Kernel Team (smb)

 *Weekly Updates & Questions regarding Ubuntu ARM Server (rbasak)

 *Open Discussion

 *Announce next meeting date and time



Meeting ended at 16:38:30 UTC.



== Votes ==




== Action items ==

 * serge update server meeting docs to reflect palrs representing qa
 * serge consider putting the obsolete_conffiles.log url in weekly triaging knowledgebase section



== People present (lines said) ==

 * hallyn (111)
 * plars (34)
 * Daviey (13)
 * smb (12)
 * ubottu (11)
 * jamespage (8)
 * smoser (6)
 * roaksoax (6)
 * meetingology (5)
 * arosales (2)
 * rbasak (2)
 * hggdh (2)



== Full Log ==


 16:01:04 <hallyn> #startmeeting ubuntu-server-team

 16:01:04 <meetingology> Meeting started Tue Feb 26 16:01:04 2013 UTC.  The chair is hallyn. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:01:04 <meetingology> 

 16:01:04 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 16:01:06 <hggdh> ~Ã´~

 16:01:07 <jamespage> o/

 16:01:14 <hallyn> #topic Review ACTION points from previous meeting

 16:01:22 <hallyn> Daviey send call for alpha-2-ish testing

 16:01:46 <hallyn> didn't see this?

 16:02:06 <Daviey> Ugh. I thought we dropped that.

 16:02:15 <hallyn> Daviey: last week it was re-added.  should we drop it?

 16:02:28 <hallyn> wait for a beta to do CFT?

 16:02:34 <Daviey> hallyn: Yes please.. but i will gladly send a reminder to ask people to test

 16:02:50 <Daviey> matsurba has kidnly offered to help with dep-8 tests BTW.

 16:02:58 <Daviey> kindly*

 16:02:59 <hallyn> cool

 16:03:08 <hallyn> (i have 2 i'm still supposed tow rite)

 16:03:08 <jamespage> \o/

 16:03:10 <hallyn> moving on,

 16:03:11 <hallyn> jamespage to milesone documentation updates [carryover]

 16:03:47 <jamespage> hallyn, I need to refresh my memory as to what that means

 16:04:07 <jamespage> but please carryover for the time being

 16:04:08 <hallyn> jamespage: i think it meant going through blueprints looking for doc updates, and adding milestones to them?

 16:04:12 <hallyn> ok

 16:04:15 <jamespage> hallyn, yeah - I think so

 16:04:19 * hallyn jamespage to milesone documentation updates [carryover]

 16:04:28 <hallyn> jamespage: though it was in the context of server guide, so not sure

 16:04:34 <hallyn> jamespage discuss QA representation at Server TeamMeeting

 16:04:55 <jamespage> yes - hggdh is here today and plars will be attending from now onwards...

 16:04:58 <plars> hallyn: I'll be taking that over

 16:05:17 <jamespage> plars, welcome!

 16:05:28 <hallyn> cool, so i'll update that in the server meeting knowledgebase page

 16:05:35 <hggdh> and I am disconnecting from representing QA :-)

 16:05:38 <hallyn> #action serge update server meeting docs to reflect palrs representing qa

 16:05:38 * meetingology serge update server meeting docs to reflect palrs representing qa

 16:05:55 <hallyn> hggdh: :(

 16:06:00 <plars> s/palrs/plars

 16:06:00 <hallyn> plars: welcome :)

 16:06:13 <plars> thanks!

 16:06:14 <hallyn> plars: sorry, fingers cold, hard typing

 16:06:17 <arosales> yes hggdh :-(

 16:06:21 <arosales> but welcome plars :-)

 16:06:21 <hallyn> ok moving on,

 16:06:23 <hallyn> #topic Raring Development

 16:06:41 <hallyn> Release Tracking Bug Tasks - http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-r-tracking-bug-tasks.html#server

 16:06:54 <hallyn> jamespage: Daviey: one of you want to take th is, or should i go over them?

 16:07:11 <hallyn> well i'll start,

 16:07:12 <hallyn> bug 1092715

 16:07:14 <ubottu> bug 1092715 in qemu-kvm (Ubuntu Raring) "udevadm trigger --action=change not working in quantal and raring" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1092715

 16:07:24 <hallyn> the kvm bug *should* be worked around now,

 16:07:30 <hallyn> jamespage: can you confirm that?

 16:07:35 <jamespage> hallyn, I'll check

 16:07:38 <hallyn> or... is that only in 1.4.0 (which is still pending my pushing)

 16:07:42 <hallyn> jamespage: thanks

 16:07:54 <hallyn> bug 1044503

 16:07:56 <ubottu> bug 1044503 in maas (Ubuntu Raring) "kernel command line is not easily customizable" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1044503

 16:08:06 <Daviey> hmm, i thought that was fixed now

 16:08:10 <hallyn> smoser: ?

 16:08:24 <hallyn> fixed in the project but not the package, looks like

 16:08:51 <Daviey> smoser: does bug 901600 not solve bug 1044503 ?

 16:08:53 <ubottu> bug 901600 in grub2 (Ubuntu Quantal) "Allow /etc/default/grub overriding via /etc/default/grub.d/" [High,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/901600

 16:09:10 <smoser> i think hally's assesment is correct wrt 1044503.

 16:09:16 <Daviey> Oh, duh.. the bug title confused me

 16:09:30 <hallyn> so that'll end up in the pkg before long?

 16:10:04 <hallyn> will assume so.  bug 1064527 - roaksoax ?

 16:10:05 <smoser> i'd hope we'll get something in raring... but most focus on maas has been on backport.

 16:10:06 <ubottu> bug 1064527 in maas (Ubuntu Raring) "detect_ipmi needs improvement. detects non-existant device in nested kvm" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1064527

 16:10:12 <hallyn> smoser: thx

 16:10:47 <hallyn> roaksoax: around?

 16:10:54 <roaksoax> hallyn: here

 16:11:32 <hallyn> any progress on that bug?  seems to be stalled since october?

 16:11:51 <roaksoax> hallyn: well we haven't really found a way to do it.. so there's no progress

 16:12:10 <hallyn> ok, thanks...

 16:12:19 <hallyn> bug 1073463

 16:12:20 <ubottu> bug 1073463 in maas (Ubuntu Raring) "User-configurable files are not installed in /etc" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1073463

 16:12:25 <hallyn> not owned by anyone,

 16:12:50 <hallyn> anyone want to volunteer to look at it?

 16:12:56 <roaksoax> i;ll take it

 16:13:00 <hallyn> cool, thanks

 16:13:17 <roaksoax> but I think that bug doesn't belong there

 16:13:31 <roaksoax> that belongs upstream

 16:13:43 <hallyn> ok - you can re-target?

 16:13:57 <roaksoax> hallyn: yes, I'll catch up with bigjools about it first

 16:14:10 <hallyn> great

 16:14:11 <hallyn> bug 1122206

 16:14:13 <ubottu> bug 1122206 in quantum (Ubuntu Raring) "l3_agent destroys all namespaces on init, even if router_id is set" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1122206

 16:14:38 <hallyn> fix released in quantum project, not pkg...

 16:14:48 <hallyn> i assume we're jsut waiting - moving on unless someone shouts

 16:15:05 <hallyn> bug 1132302

 16:15:07 <ubottu> bug 1132302 in drbd8 (Ubuntu Raring) "drbd8-utils are not compatible with kernel 3.8" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1132302

 16:15:33 <hallyn> looks like rbasak has that handled :)  thanks rbasak

 16:15:48 <rbasak> np. Just waiting on the reporter to test, and if it's OK then we can upload

 16:15:52 <hallyn> two medium bugs, tempted to skip them,

 16:16:08 <hallyn> well there is bug 1100920 whic his fix committed,

 16:16:10 <ubottu> bug 1100920 in cloud-init (Ubuntu Raring) "In Ubuntu 12.10, the legacy 'user' cloud-config option is not handled properly" [Medium,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1100920

 16:16:33 <hallyn> and then bug 1113821 - zul or i just needs to fix that in libvirt (same fix as in lxc)

 16:16:35 <ubottu> bug 1113821 in libvirt (Ubuntu Raring) "libvirt-bin deletes /etc/dnsmasq.d/libvirt-bin on upgrade" [Medium,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1113821

 16:16:40 <hallyn> oh i own it :)

 16:16:49 <hallyn> tsk tsk

 16:17:02 <hallyn> ok, moving on,

 16:17:07 <hallyn> Blueprints - http://status.ubuntu.com/ubuntu-raring/group/topic-raring-servercloud-overview.html

 16:17:22 <hallyn> arosales: Daviey: did you want to say somethin gon blueprints?

 16:17:39 <Daviey> Only the usual :)

 16:17:52 <Daviey> Make sure they are accurate, we look a little behind where i think we actually *are*

 16:18:07 <Daviey> So everybody should check that bluepritns assigned to them are in accurate state

 16:18:27 <Daviey> (and talk with elither myself, or jamespage or smoser about defering thing)

 16:18:48 <hallyn> Daviey: meaning at this point we should talk to you before deferring anything,

 16:18:53 <hallyn> or ping you if we have questions?

 16:19:42 <Daviey> yeah.. ideally not just defer things.. disucss with me, or scott or james.. first

 16:19:52 <hallyn> ok

 16:19:54 <hallyn> moving on,

 16:19:56 <hallyn> #topic Ubuntu Server Team Events

 16:20:20 <hallyn> anything to mention here?

 16:20:24 <Daviey> none come to mind.

 16:20:33 <hallyn> #topic Weekly Updates & Questions for the QA Team (hggdh)

 16:20:48 <hallyn> three cheers for hggdh ?

 16:21:41 <hallyn> plars:

 16:21:47 <plars> Hi

 16:21:50 <hallyn> hey :)

 16:21:57 <plars> Just a couple of things

 16:22:05 <plars> 1. LXC failures

 16:22:11 <plars> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu-test-cases/+bug/1130029

 16:22:13 <ubottu> Ubuntu bug 1130029 in Ubuntu Test Cases "testcase: test_lxc_api returns error in raring lxc server smoke tests" [High,Confirmed]

 16:22:24 <plars> hallyn: you seem to have a mp for this at https://code.launchpad.net/~serge-hallyn/ubuntu-test-cases/server-lxc2/+merge/150491

 16:22:27 <hallyn> merge proposal is pending to fix that

 16:22:31 <hallyn> yup

 16:22:43 <hallyn> (though i'm still getting the hang of utah, still testing locally, might have more changes coming)

 16:23:14 <plars> If someone can get that reviewed and in soon, we'd like to test it out.  I was talking to psivaa this morning about it and he thinks there may be other issues lurking once we get past this one

 16:23:41 <hallyn> plars: who has the rights to review that?

 16:23:48 <plars> I'm not as well aware of what's going on with this bug, so if he or you want to discuss what further steps might be needed, that would be useful

 16:24:01 <plars> hallyn: it seems to be pointed at https://launchpad.net/~ubuntu-server-dev right now

 16:24:10 <hallyn> ?

 16:24:22 <hallyn> ok will fix that, thanks :)

 16:24:34 <plars> but as far as merging it, anyone in the https://launchpad.net/~ubuntu-test-case-dev group could do it

 16:24:46 <hallyn> no here it says lp:ubuntu-test-cases/server

 16:25:02 <hallyn> oh you mean reviewer

 16:25:04 <plars> hallyn: I'm talking about the reviewer

 16:25:05 <plars> right

 16:25:07 <hallyn> i just used the default

 16:25:23 <plars> ubuntu-server-dev is the default reviewer?

 16:25:24 <plars> odd

 16:25:25 <hallyn> is that something that should be changed in the ubuntu-test-case lp settings?

 16:25:32 <plars> perhaps

 16:25:58 <plars> I'll talk to others about it, but since it's a test for lxc, I figured it was something that you wanted reviewed by ubuntu-server-dev

 16:25:59 <hallyn> ok thanks we'll straighten the mp out - moving on?

 16:26:02 <plars> it made sense to me at least

 16:26:03 <plars> ok

 16:26:06 <hallyn> oh i see, ok

 16:26:15 <plars> only other thing I wanted to raise (and it's minor) is conffile failures

 16:26:15 <hallyn> no perhaps ubuntu-lxc

 16:26:18 <plars> ex. https://jenkins.qa.ubuntu.com/view/Raring/view/Smoke%20Testing/job/raring-upgrade-quantal-server/ARCH=amd64,LTS=non-lts,PROFILE=server-tasks,label=upgrade-test/lastSuccessfulBuild/artifact/results/obsolete_conffiles.log

 16:26:20 <hallyn> not ubuntu-server-dev

 16:26:31 <plars> These are no longer reported as individual bugs

 16:26:44 <plars> but we get a good log of them in the test runs that can be referred to

 16:27:40 <plars> We realize that they are low priority as bugs go, and in some cases they stack up to dozens that would need to be tracked against every daily test run indefinitely.  So if you have some cycles and want to clean them up, it would be useful

 16:27:53 <hallyn> these are confiles no longer used by cups in raring?

 16:28:02 <plars> apparently not

 16:28:10 <plars> or if they are, their location changed

 16:28:47 <hallyn> and so they should be handled by the packaging somehow.  k.  does someone go look at those log pages regularly?

 16:29:00 <hallyn> do they get emailed somewhere?

 16:29:25 <plars> hallyn: not currently, but they always end up in the same place, so they are pretty easy to find

 16:29:53 <plars> hallyn: the url I pointed to will take you to the lastSuccessfulBuild in jenkins and show you the current obsolete_conffiles log

 16:30:09 <hallyn> perhaps that url s hould be added to the server team knowledgebase weekly bug triaging section

 16:30:37 <hallyn> the url may be consistent, but if noone is in the habit of looking at it, bugs won't get raised...  course you're right about low prio,

 16:30:42 <plars> hallyn: that sounds reasonable - we were looking for a better way of dealing with these and nobody wanted spam about it, but I don't think it makes sense to ignore them entirely. So just making you aware

 16:30:55 <hallyn> ok, thanks

 16:31:13 <hallyn> #action serge consider putting the obsolete_conffiles.log url in weekly triaging knowledgebase section

 16:31:13 * meetingology serge consider putting the obsolete_conffiles.log url in weekly triaging knowledgebase section

 16:31:17 <plars> hallyn: the problem with bugs is it got to be quite a lot of overhead - in this case with one or 2 it's not so bad, but in others you're talking 30-40 bugs that have to be updated across each daily test run

 16:31:30 <plars> ...for something that just gets ignored

 16:31:37 <plars> sanity kicked in at some point

 16:31:44 <hallyn> plars: yup :)

 16:31:48 <plars> that's all from me

 16:31:53 <hallyn> plars: thanks

 16:31:56 <hallyn> moving on,

 16:31:58 <hallyn> #topic Weekly Updates & Questions for the Kernel Team (smb)

 16:32:06 <smb> Hello, I would like to take this opportunity to re-advertise for http://people.canonical.com/~smb/lucid-ec2-ng/ ... I know not very subtly but I am a developer and not a sales guy. :-P Otherwise raring kernel ddebs will be actually usable after next upload (in case anybody actually was wondering why the heck they were so small).

 16:32:14 <smb> Oh, one other thing: have not run into this myself but it seems

 16:32:14 <smb> that recent raring kvm/qemu packages are a bit insulted if

 16:32:14 <smb> post-install does not get /dev/kvm. This might not be the "normal"

 16:32:14 <smb> case but it is possible to have the kvm package installed and dual

 16:32:15 <smb> boot between xen and non-xen mode and its also possibleto do a

 16:32:17 <smb> dist-upgrade in xen dom0 which won't allow for /dev/kvm...

 16:32:25 <smb> Beside that, any questions? :)

 16:32:57 <smoser> smb, i'm confused about /dev/kvm

 16:33:01 <hallyn> smb: the /dev/kvm bit *should* be fixed, please shout at me if you see it again

 16:33:08 <smoser> right.

 16:33:17 <smb> hallyn, Ah ok, it was a few days ago

 16:33:23 <smoser> hallyn, that is bug 1103022 ?

 16:33:24 <ubottu> bug 1103022 in udev (Ubuntu) "70-udev-acl.rules needs to put g+rw on /dev/kvm" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1103022

 16:33:34 <hallyn> smoser: no

 16:33:43 <hallyn> smoser: it was a bug from my bad fixing of that one

 16:33:52 <hallyn> smoser: if /dev/kvm did not exist, getfacl failed, causing postinst to fail

 16:33:58 <smoser> ah. k.

 16:34:18 <smb> Ah ok, as said it wasn't me and it was probably last week

 16:35:02 <hallyn> smb: feb 20 the fix went up

 16:35:15 <hallyn> so yeah shout at me if you see it again.  thx

 16:35:32 <smb> hallyn, sure. will do :)

 16:35:32 <hallyn> lucid-ec2-ng - i assume the right folks know what that means :)

 16:35:45 <smb> hallyn, I suppose yes.

 16:35:56 <hallyn> thanks, smb.  moving on,

 16:35:58 <hallyn> #topic Weekly Updates & Questions regarding Ubuntu ARM Server (rbasak)

 16:36:08 <rbasak> Nothing new to report. Any questions for me?

 16:36:49 <hallyn> sounds like no, moving on,

 16:36:54 <hallyn> #topic Open Discussion

 16:37:33 <hallyn> anything to discuss?

 16:37:35 <hallyn> if not,

 16:38:00 <hallyn> hggdh: o/  see you around!

 16:38:02 <hallyn> #topic Announce next meeting date and time

 16:38:21 <hallyn> Next meeting will be same time, 16:00 UTC on March 5.

 16:38:24 <hallyn> thanks all,

 16:38:30 <hallyn> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)