#title #ubuntu-meeting Meeting

Meeting started by barry at 14:01:15 UTC.  The full logs are available
at
http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2013/ubuntu-meeting.2013-04-08-14.01.log.html
.



== Meeting summary ==

''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/DeveloperMembershipBoard/Agenda   (barry, 14:03:46)
 *Review of previous action items
''ACTION:'' bdrung to write up a short summary of sweetshark's recent sponsorship  (barry, 14:11:13)
''ACTION:'' barry to conduct sweetshark ppu vote on ubuntu-dmb list  (barry, 14:11:34)

 *Review any packageset descriptions that have been received (micahg)

 *Package Sets
''ACTION:'' tumbleweed to add to zope and schooltool package sets as per menesis request  (barry, 14:17:30)

 *ppu applications

 *motu applications

 *core dev applications

 *any other business



Meeting ended at 14:26:38 UTC.



== Votes ==




== Action items ==

 * bdrung to write up a short summary of sweetshark's recent sponsorship
 * barry to conduct sweetshark ppu vote on ubuntu-dmb list
 * tumbleweed to add to zope and schooltool package sets as per menesis request



== Action items, by person ==

 * barry
 ** barry to conduct sweetshark ppu vote on ubuntu-dmb list
 * bdrung
 ** bdrung to write up a short summary of sweetshark's recent sponsorship
 * tumbleweed
 ** tumbleweed to add to zope and schooltool package sets as per menesis request



== People present (lines said) ==

 * barry (46)
 * Laney (34)
 * tumbleweed (22)
 * bdrung (7)
 * meetingology (6)
 * dholbach (1)
 * ubottu (1)



== Full Log ==


 14:01:15 <barry> #startmeeting

 14:01:15 <meetingology> Meeting started Mon Apr  8 14:01:15 2013 UTC.  The chair is barry. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 14:01:15 <meetingology> 

 14:01:15 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 14:01:20 <barry> !dmb-ping

 14:01:20 <ubottu> bdrung, ScottK, Laney, micahg, barry, tumbleweed, stgraber: DMB ping

 14:01:29 <tumbleweed> hi

 14:01:30 <bdrung> o/

 14:02:28 <barry> i know stgraber and ScottK send apologies.  do we have quorum today?

 14:03:17 <Laney> ello

 14:03:22 <Laney> yeah, seems so

 14:03:37 <barry> excellent

 14:03:46 <barry> #link https://wiki.ubuntu.com/DeveloperMembershipBoard/Agenda

 14:04:14 <barry> #topic Review of previous action items

 14:04:25 <barry> Micah to urgently send feedback on Bjorn's PPU application

 14:05:08 <barry> do we have any status on this? i think micahg is not here right now

 14:05:56 <Laney> he said he hasn't yet done it

 14:06:02 <Laney> i think we should give it to someone else ...

 14:06:13 <Laney> or otherwise deal with this application

 14:06:40 <tumbleweed> bdrung: whould you be able to write it?

 14:06:47 <barry> bdrung, i think you'd be the natural next in line for this, since you've been working with him so closely

 14:07:09 <tumbleweed> I assume that if someone can get it started, it'd be easy to get some input from micahg. much easier than waiting for him to have time to do it all

 14:07:14 <bdrung> hm, i'd rather want someone else write it.

 14:07:38 <bdrung> my view has change since i sponsor bj√∂rn.

 14:07:49 <barry> bdrung: in which direction? ;)

 14:08:01 <Laney> another option of course would be to reconsider the application without a meeting

 14:08:12 <bdrung> barry: in a good direction.

 14:08:13 <Laney> I tend to want to defer to bdrung on this

 14:09:24 * tumbleweed too

 14:09:43 <tumbleweed> if after working with him bdrung thinks he's ready, that'll be enough to get my vote

 14:09:49 <barry> bdrung: cool.  Laney i agree.  i would be willing to bring up a vote on the dmb list, and if there are no objections, i will first email him and dholbach to let them know we are doing it this way.

 14:10:11 <Laney> I'd like to hear some kind of summary on how the recent sponsorship has been

 14:10:21 <Laney> if bdrung is up for sending that - doesn't have to be long

 14:10:37 <bdrung> I can try to write a sponsoring summary.

 14:10:47 <barry> bdrung: that's great, thanks

 14:10:48 <tumbleweed> Laney: +1

 14:11:13 <barry> #action bdrung to write up a short summary of sweetshark's recent sponsorship

 14:11:13 * meetingology bdrung to write up a short summary of sweetshark's recent sponsorship

 14:11:22 <dholbach> great, good to hear things are moving in a good direction :)

 14:11:34 <barry> #action barry to conduct sweetshark ppu vote on ubuntu-dmb list

 14:11:34 * meetingology barry to conduct sweetshark ppu vote on ubuntu-dmb list

 14:11:39 <Laney> \o/

 14:11:55 <Laney> dholbach: sorry it blocked on the feedback for so long

 14:12:26 <barry> dholbach: me too.

 14:12:30 <barry> anything else on this topic?

 14:12:47 <Laney> seems like a decent direction to me

 14:12:47 <tumbleweed> I guess that depends on the contents of bdrung's summary, so not for now, from me

 14:12:55 <Laney> someone should let him know what's going on

 14:13:09 <tumbleweed> that is what the summary was about...

 14:13:11 <barry> Laney: will will do that

 14:13:18 <tumbleweed> err feedback

 14:13:20 <barry> *i will

 14:13:55 <barry> #topic Review any packageset descriptions that have been received (micahg)

 14:13:55 <barry> 

 14:14:07 <tumbleweed> no micahg today...

 14:14:08 <Laney> this whole initiative went away

 14:14:26 <barry> Laney: should i just remove this item from the agenda then?

 14:14:35 <Laney> probably for the best

 14:14:41 <barry> will do

 14:14:46 <Laney> assuming nobody wants to revive it

 14:14:59 <tumbleweed> I'm happy with doing it as-needed

 14:15:06 <Laney> pinging all of the packageset teams to get clear criteria for alterations

 14:15:14 <tumbleweed> "\you want an addition to a packageset, give us a description"

 14:15:17 <Laney> indeed

 14:15:28 <barry> which brings us to:

 14:15:29 <barry> #topic Package Sets

 14:15:58 <barry> we've had a request to add a few things to the zope and schooltool packagesets

 14:16:01 <tumbleweed> which reminds me. schooltool and zope don't have great descriptions. but probably good enough

 14:16:19 <tumbleweed> I'm +1 on that (as I said in the list) and happy to press the buttons

 14:16:33 <Laney> yeah, seems fine. I don't think we need to vote per se

 14:16:38 <barry> tumbleweed: no objections from me

 14:16:45 <barry> tumbleweed: jfdi :)

 14:16:54 <tumbleweed> will do

 14:16:56 <bdrung> no objections from me too

 14:17:30 <barry> #action tumbleweed to add to zope and schooltool package sets as per menesis request

 14:17:30 * meetingology tumbleweed to add to zope and schooltool package sets as per menesis request

 14:17:42 <barry> #topic ppu applications

 14:17:48 <barry> none for today

 14:17:53 <barry> #topic motu applications

 14:17:55 <barry> none for today

 14:18:02 <barry> #topic core dev applications

 14:18:04 <barry> none for today

 14:18:21 <barry> #topic any other business

 14:18:48 <barry> there was a doodle poll on possibly changing the early meeting's time.  have any of the dmb folks here not voted?

 14:19:00 <Laney> me

 14:19:20 <barry> Laney: please do, then we can lobby for results :)

 14:19:56 <Laney> seems like 13UTC wins though, which is fine by me

 14:20:24 * Laney clicks zillions of tedious boxes

 14:20:37 <barry> micahg is the westmost of us, but only by an hour, so hopefully that will work for him.

 14:20:45 <barry> ;)

 14:21:03 <barry> does anybody have anything else they'd like to bring up today?

 14:21:05 <Laney> there

 14:21:20 <Laney> he agreed to that time and the two previous hours too

 14:21:21 <Laney> more fool him

 14:22:01 <tumbleweed> schooltool + zope done

 14:22:06 <Laney> so, the PPU discussion - what's left to do? Read over the log from the previous meeting and the email thread? Is there a proposal?

 14:22:11 <Laney> sorry for not having read it yet

 14:22:16 <tumbleweed> quickly read it now?

 14:22:25 <Laney> the IRC log was hench though :(

 14:22:41 <Laney> plus the most involved people aren't here

 14:22:46 <tumbleweed> the idea was to get a proposal on the list, then we could vote on it

 14:23:17 <Laney> ah yes

 14:23:22 <Laney> I probably have to digest this

 14:23:31 <tumbleweed> but yes, I'd prefer if everyone who had commented on the proposal was here

 14:23:35 <tumbleweed> or at least someone :P

 14:23:43 <barry> yeah ;)

 14:23:56 <Laney> not sure why that thread is private

 14:23:57 <barry> i'll put it on the agenda for next time

 14:24:25 <Laney> anyway, micahg: thanks for sending it and I'll read/digest/comment soon

 14:24:28 <bdrung> I probably didn't comment the proposal, because I agree with it

 14:24:40 <tumbleweed> yeah, same

 14:24:46 <barry> same

 14:24:55 <Laney> i wrote it on my todo list and everything

 14:25:41 <barry> anything else, or are we done for today?

 14:26:21 * tumbleweed votes for done

 14:26:36 <barry> bdrung: you're up in 2 weeks

 14:26:38 <barry> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)