#title #ubuntu-meeting: Meeting of the One Hundred Paper Cuts team for 13-01-24

Meeting started by JoseeAntonioR at 20:07:25 UTC.  The full logs are
available at
http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2013/ubuntu-meeting.2013-01-24-20.07.log.html
.



== Meeting summary ==

 *Review of previous meeting minutes
''ACCEPTED:'' Review of previous meeting minutes  (notgary, 20:17:37)

 *Developer week

 *Getting more people involved

 *Meetings



Meeting ended at 20:58:56 UTC.



== Votes ==


 * Write a guide to configuring a development environment for working with paper cuts
   For: 2 Against: 0 Abstained: 0

 * Decide on a regular meeting time
   For: 1 Against: 0 Abstained: 1

 * Devise and implement a strategy for getting more people involved in the project
   For: 2 Against: 0 Abstained: 0

 * Acceptance of the minutes of the last meeting
   For: 2 Against: 0 Abstained: 0



== Action items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * notgary (119)
 * DiegoTC (42)
 * meetingology (32)
 * DiegoTc (4)
 * JoseeAntonioR (4)



== Full Log ==


 20:07:25 <JoseeAntonioR> #startmeeting Meeting of the One Hundred Paper Cuts team for 13-01-24

 20:07:25 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Jan 24 20:07:25 2013 UTC.  The chair is JoseeAntonioR. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 20:07:25 <meetingology> 

 20:07:25 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 20:07:33 <JoseeAntonioR> #chair notgary

 20:07:33 <meetingology> Current chairs: JoseeAntonioR notgary

 20:07:44 <notgary> Ah

 20:08:07 <notgary> JoseeAntonioR: now that's quite neat :0

 20:08:09 <notgary> :)

 20:08:26 <notgary> JoseeAntonioR: thanks for sorting that out for me :)

 20:08:35 <JoseeAntonioR> Agenda for today is at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/OneHundredPaperCuts/Meetings/24Jan2013

 20:08:40 <JoseeAntonioR> no probs

 20:09:47 <notgary> If anyone hasn't yet read the agenda, can you please take a couple of minute now to do so

 20:10:36 <notgary> first item

 20:11:01 <notgary> #topic Review of previous meeting minutes

 20:11:49 <notgary> Last time we decided to focus the project on the foundation UI technologies in Ubuntu

 20:12:05 <notgary> So GTK+ and Compiz will be our primary targets

 20:12:28 <notgary> the idea being to work on the apps that use them, and try and fix the bugs in the foundation so other apps can benefit

 20:13:00 <notgary> William Hua (attenuate) from the desktop team kindly volunteered to help us work on GTK issues

 20:13:17 <notgary> We also decided to create and maintain our own PPA

 20:13:33 <notgary> where we would keep scripts and tools that will helps us get our job done a lot easier

 20:14:28 <notgary> We decided that, in order to get design input on paper cuts, we should assign them to jnick_tait, a project manager on the design team, who would delegate them to another designer

 20:14:37 <notgary> and last of all

 20:15:03 <notgary> we decided that it would be better to use #ubuntu-desktop as out main irc channel

 20:15:07 <notgary> instead of our own

 20:15:19 <notgary> so we were not isolated from the rest of the community in our own little corner

 20:15:35 <notgary> that's the minutes from the previous meeting

 20:15:57 <notgary> Is everyone happy that that's how things went down last time?

 20:17:00 <notgary> Heh

 20:17:28 <notgary> Guess no-ones here from last time :)

 20:17:37 <notgary> #accepted Review of previous meeting minutes

 20:18:01 <DiegoTc> +1

 20:18:22 <notgary> Oh yeah, voting would probably be better for these :P

 20:18:27 <notgary> Lets try that

 20:18:52 <notgary> #vote Acceptance of the minutes of the last meeting

 20:18:52 <meetingology> Please vote on: Acceptance of the minutes of the last meeting

 20:18:52 <meetingology> Public votes can be registered by saying +1, +0 or -1 in channel, (private votes don't work yet, but when they do it will be by messaging the channel followed by +1/-1/+0 to me)

 20:18:58 <notgary> +1

 20:18:58 <meetingology> +1 received from notgary

 20:19:43 <notgary> DiegoTc: Now's your chance to +1 :)

 20:19:57 <DiegoTc> +1

 20:19:57 <meetingology> +1 received from DiegoTc

 20:20:12 <notgary> Anyone else here for the paper cuts meeting wanting to vote?

 20:20:37 <notgary> guess not :P

 20:20:40 <notgary> #endvote

 20:20:40 <meetingology> Voting ended on: Acceptance of the minutes of the last meeting

 20:20:40 <meetingology> Votes for:2 Votes against:0 Abstentions:0

 20:20:40 <meetingology> Motion carried

 20:21:03 <notgary> Item 2 was added by a person who's not here yet, so we'll move onto item three

 20:21:11 <notgary> #topic Developer week

 20:21:33 <notgary> This coming tuesday

 20:21:53 <notgary> I'll be giving a developer week session on the paper cuts project on Ubuntu on air

 20:22:17 <notgary> I'll be doing the speaking on the stream and questions will be taken in #ubuntu-classroom-chat

 20:22:30 <notgary> I've got a list of talking points here https://wiki.ubuntu.com/OneHundredPaperCuts/Events/DeveloperWeek2013

 20:22:46 <notgary> And my plan was to talk around them

 20:23:00 <notgary> The list is not complete, and will still be in flux probably right up until the last minute

 20:23:14 <notgary> But does anyone have anything they think should be covered that isn't there?

 20:23:40 <DiegoTc> Give me some minutes to check it out

 20:23:47 <notgary> Cool

 20:24:15 <DiegoTc> I suppose this Fixing paper cuts

 20:24:44 <notgary> What about it?

 20:26:16 <notgary> DiegoTc: What about fixing paper cuts?

 20:27:42 <notgary> Is guess DiegoTc 's AFK just now. Anyone else got a thought about the current plans for developer week?

 20:28:42 <DiegoTC> Hi

 20:28:46 <notgary> Hey :)

 20:28:49 <DiegoTC> sorry laptop when of

 20:28:58 <notgary> No worries

 20:29:13 <notgary> What are your thoughts on the current developer week plans?

 20:29:25 <DiegoTC> So I suppose that in this part Fixing paper cuts

 20:29:39 <DiegoTC> you wil talk about how to fix bugs?

 20:29:53 <DiegoTC> that have been assign or no?

 20:30:44 <notgary> The process you need to go through to get a bug fixed in Ubuntu, including getting patches merged upstream. the process of fixing a paper cut is very similar to the process of fixing a normal bug in Ubuntu, so most it will be covering those processes again

 20:30:57 <notgary> I won't go into the details of specific apps

 20:31:03 <notgary> Or of specific bugs

 20:31:26 <notgary> That's all

 20:31:26 <DiegoTC> well long time ago i haven't read the documentation of fixing bugs

 20:31:48 <notgary> It's changed quite a bit over the past few years

 20:31:52 <DiegoTC> But last time I sow there is missing something important

 20:32:02 <DiegoTC> How to configure your working enviroment

 20:32:13 <notgary> Hmm

 20:32:13 <DiegoTC> you know the code is in launchpad

 20:32:20 <DiegoTC> but okay whats next

 20:32:34 <notgary> That is a good point

 20:32:40 <DiegoTC> documentation wasn't clear for that

 20:32:44 <DiegoTC> so lets say

 20:32:51 <DiegoTC> I want to fix the title of compiz

 20:33:03 <DiegoTC> okay, but what I need to work on compiz code?

 20:33:15 <DiegoTC> I have the code

 20:33:21 <DiegoTC> how do i configure it

 20:33:29 <DiegoTC> is something special

 20:33:37 <DiegoTC> is there any specific IDE

 20:33:45 <DiegoTC> or gedit is good for that

 20:34:22 <DiegoTC> that's my opinion

 20:34:39 <notgary> It's a pretty good one though

 20:35:04 <notgary> Over the past couple of months we've been setting up an area on the wiki that we call our Dojo - https://wiki.ubuntu.com/OneHundredPaperCuts/PaperCutsNinja/Dojo/GTK3

 20:35:24 <notgary> It's going to cover tips and ticks to working with the different apps and packages that we're going to be working on

 20:36:02 <notgary> In the run up to the session, we could make sure there's a bit there for configuring your development environment

 20:36:33 <notgary> Since most of the apps we'll touch will be based on GTK, there should be a lot of steps in common between each one

 20:36:42 <notgary> Perhaps a weekend project :P

 20:36:47 <notgary> What do you think?

 20:37:22 <DiegoTC> yeap

 20:37:31 <DiegoTC> that sounds a good idea

 20:38:31 <notgary> #vote Write a guide to configuring a development environment for working with paper cuts

 20:38:31 <meetingology> Please vote on: Write a guide to configuring a development environment for working with paper cuts

 20:38:31 <meetingology> Public votes can be registered by saying +1, +0 or -1 in channel, (private votes don't work yet, but when they do it will be by messaging the channel followed by +1/-1/+0 to me)

 20:38:35 <notgary> +1

 20:38:35 <meetingology> +1 received from notgary

 20:38:48 <DiegoTC> +1

 20:38:48 <meetingology> +1 received from DiegoTC

 20:38:58 <notgary> Anyone else think that's a good idea?

 20:39:26 <notgary> The rest of them all think it's rubbish :)

 20:39:30 <notgary> #endvote

 20:39:30 <meetingology> Voting ended on: Write a guide to configuring a development environment for working with paper cuts

 20:39:30 <meetingology> Votes for:2 Votes against:0 Abstentions:0

 20:39:30 <meetingology> Motion carried

 20:39:48 <notgary> Item 4

 20:39:53 <notgary> #topic Getting more people involved

 20:40:20 <notgary> Getting more people involved in the project is critical to it's long term survival

 20:40:41 <notgary> DiegoTc: As a new contributor, how did you end up getting involved?

 20:41:13 <DiegoTC> notgary: you mean how did I discover papercut

 20:41:25 <DiegoTC> or how I plan to get involved?

 20:42:02 <notgary> How did you discover it and what was it that made you want to get involved. If we can identify the things that are attracting people right now then we can do more of that in the future.

 20:43:05 <DiegoTC> Ahh

 20:43:10 <DiegoTC> I read your article

 20:43:13 <DiegoTC> in planet.ubuntu

 20:43:34 <notgary> Which one? I've been shamelessly spamming Planet with paper cut article :)

 20:43:42 <DiegoTC> the first one

 20:43:58 <DiegoTC> helping in ubuntu and no one notice it

 20:44:09 <DiegoTC> that all cool people are in unity

 20:44:28 <notgary> This one? http://www.notgary.com/2013/01/want-to-get-involved-with-ubuntu-get.html

 20:44:43 <DiegoTC> yes

 20:45:02 <notgary> That one seems to be the most popular, and I did write it differently to the rest

 20:45:32 <DiegoTC> Actually I have always want to start helping fixing bugs, but lets said time, work, college, and each time I download the code and didn't find no place to go to configure I just left it that way

 20:46:12 <notgary> You're just the person I've been aiming these at

 20:46:22 <notgary> People who want to help out

 20:46:27 <notgary> But don't get round to it

 20:46:46 <notgary> I figure that if I keep reminding people that we're here

 20:46:53 <notgary> They'll eventually come and check us out.

 20:47:40 <notgary> I think we need to set up our own little internal project for getting more people involved

 20:47:57 <notgary> It's a pretty big task (persuading people to come along0

 20:48:25 <notgary> and it'll involved more time and effort than we can put in with the 15 minutes we have left in this meeting

 20:48:58 <notgary> So what don't we decide here that we need a real plan for attracting new contributors

 20:49:15 <notgary> and discuss it outside of the meeting, on the mailing list and in #ubuntu-desktop

 20:49:30 <notgary> How does that sound?

 20:50:08 <DiegoTC> that sounds great

 20:50:33 <notgary> #vote Devise and implement a strategy for getting more people involved in the project

 20:50:33 <meetingology> Please vote on: Devise and implement a strategy for getting more people involved in the project

 20:50:33 <meetingology> Public votes can be registered by saying +1, +0 or -1 in channel, (private votes don't work yet, but when they do it will be by messaging the channel followed by +1/-1/+0 to me)

 20:50:37 <notgary> +1

 20:50:37 <meetingology> +1 received from notgary

 20:50:54 <DiegoTC> +1

 20:50:54 <meetingology> +1 received from DiegoTC

 20:51:04 <notgary> Anyone else wanna chip in their vote?

 20:51:24 <notgary> Nope? Your loss.

 20:51:28 <notgary> #endvote

 20:51:28 <meetingology> Voting ended on: Devise and implement a strategy for getting more people involved in the project

 20:51:28 <meetingology> Votes for:2 Votes against:0 Abstentions:0

 20:51:28 <meetingology> Motion carried

 20:51:41 <notgary> Next one should be a short one

 20:51:47 <notgary> #topic Meetings

 20:51:53 <notgary> After this meeeting

 20:52:08 <notgary> I think we should start having regular meetings once a week

 20:52:23 <notgary> I think there's been such a low turnout this time because we're not having regular meetings

 20:52:33 <notgary> so they're not fresh in people's minds

 20:52:41 <DiegoTC> well I am not friend or regular meeting

 20:52:51 <notgary> and they haven't gotten into a routine of attending them

 20:52:53 <DiegoTC> its 14:53 right now

 20:52:55 <notgary> Why not?

 20:53:02 <DiegoTC> I am on work :p shouldn't be here

 20:53:06 <notgary> Ah

 20:53:30 <notgary> We also have a regular contributor who fixes a lot of bugs in GTK apps who live in Australia

 20:53:36 <notgary> and so cannot attend any meeting

 20:54:02 <DiegoTC> Meeting probably on Saturday?

 20:54:02 <notgary> They would be held at 1900 UTC (an hour before this one started tonight)

 20:54:20 <notgary> If people are up for a weekend meeting, then that would be fine

 20:55:18 <notgary> I figured that contributors will be scattered around the world in many different timezones, so no matter what time we chose, someone would be unhappy

 20:55:33 <notgary> What we can vote on then (since we're running out of time and you have to get back to work)

 20:55:57 <notgary> is to speak with the rest of the contributors and find out what sort of time they would like

 20:56:21 <notgary> #vote Decide on a regular meeting time

 20:56:21 <meetingology> Please vote on: Decide on a regular meeting time

 20:56:21 <meetingology> Public votes can be registered by saying +1, +0 or -1 in channel, (private votes don't work yet, but when they do it will be by messaging the channel followed by +1/-1/+0 to me)

 20:56:25 <notgary> +1

 20:56:25 <meetingology> +1 received from notgary

 20:57:05 <DiegoTC> +0

 20:57:05 <meetingology> +0 received from DiegoTC

 20:57:10 <notgary> #endvote

 20:57:10 <meetingology> Voting ended on: Decide on a regular meeting time

 20:57:10 <meetingology> Votes for:1 Votes against:0 Abstentions:1

 20:57:10 <meetingology> Motion carried

 20:57:24 <notgary> So there are two items left on the agenda that we won't cover tonight

 20:57:47 <notgary> The first, item 2, was added by someone who isn't here to discuss it, so I'll move it to the next meeting's agenda for him

 20:58:09 <notgary> and the second is more of me just pontificating about what sort of future I see for the project

 20:58:15 <notgary> which I can do in a blog post

 20:58:16 <notgary> :)

 20:58:25 <notgary> So unless you have anything else to add

 20:58:30 <notgary> I think we can conclude this meeting

 20:58:39 <DiegoTC> yeap

 20:58:43 <notgary> Cool

 20:58:43 <DiegoTC> thats fine for me

 20:58:48 <notgary> #endmeeeting

 20:58:56 <notgary> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)