== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting meeting, started by rbasak, 26 Mar at 20:02 &mdash; 20:11 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2024/ubuntu-meeting.2024-03-26-20.02.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== Apologies ===

Discussion started by rbasak at 20:03.


=== Action review ===

Discussion started by rbasak at 20:03.

 * ''ACTION:'' rbasak to update third party repo draft with outcomes from our recent out-of-band meeting  (rbasak, 20:04)
 * ''ACTION:'' rbasak to open wider discussion on third-party repo policy  (rbasak, 20:04)
 * ''ACTION:'' rbasak to draft a proposal of the DMB-proposed inactivity expiration policy for TB ratification  (rbasak, 20:05)
 * ''ACTION:'' vorlon to look into scripting for packages in flavor-specific overlays  (rbasak, 20:05)
 * ''ACTION:'' seb128 to continue working with SRU, AA, Release, Backporters and Security teams to document their membership process and link to it from https://wiki.ubuntu.com/TechnicalBoard#Team_Delegations  (rbasak, 20:05)

=== Scan the mailing list archive for anything we missed (standing item) ===

Discussion started by rbasak at 20:07.

 * ''AGREED:'' The DMB election can proceed as proposed  (rbasak, 20:08)
 * No other outstanding ML items  (rbasak, 20:09)

=== Check up on community bugs and techboard bugs ===

Discussion started by rbasak at 20:09.

 * No open community bugs  (rbasak, 20:09)
 * No new techboard bugs  (rbasak, 20:09)

=== Select a chair for the next meeting (next from https://launchpad.net/~techboard/+members) ===

Discussion started by rbasak at 20:09.

 * Next chair will be seb128, with vorlon as backup  (rbasak, 20:10)

=== AOB ===

Discussion started by rbasak at 20:10.




== Action items, by person ==

 * rbasak
  * rbasak to update third party repo draft with outcomes from our recent out-of-band meeting
  * rbasak to open wider discussion on third-party repo policy
  * rbasak to draft a proposal of the DMB-proposed inactivity expiration policy for TB ratification
 * seb128
  * seb128 to continue working with SRU, AA, Release, Backporters and Security teams to document their membership process and link to it from https://wiki.ubuntu.com/TechnicalBoard#Team_Delegations
 * vorlon
  * vorlon to look into scripting for packages in flavor-specific overlays



== People present (lines said) ==

 * rbasak (41)
 * meetingology (8)
 * seb128 (7)
 * vorlon (4)
 * amurray (2)



== Full log ==


 20:02 <rbasak> #startmeeting

 20:02 <meetingology> Meeting started at 20:02:43 UTC.  The chair is rbasak.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 20:02 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 20:03 <rbasak> #topic Apologies

 20:03 <rbasak> No apologies received.

 20:03 <rbasak> #topic Action review

 20:03 * rbasak seb128/amurray/sil2100 to help drafting the snap-store Ubuntu-specific tracks usage

 20:03 * rbasak seb128 to organize a meeting to unblock the draft of the tracks usage section

 20:04 <rbasak> These are done I think

 20:04 * rbasak rbasak to follow up on finding consensus on question of test plans for third party apps

 20:04 <seb128> thanks rbasak for organizing that meeting!

 20:04 <rbasak> This is also done, and my action item now is to update the draft

 20:04 <amurray> yep thanks rbasak for organising that, it was super productive

 20:04 <rbasak> #action rbasak to update third party repo draft with outcomes from our recent out-of-band meeting

 20:04 * meetingology rbasak to update third party repo draft with outcomes from our recent out-of-band meeting

 20:04 * rbasak rbasak to open wider discussion on third-party repo policy

 20:04 <rbasak> This is pending the previous item

 20:04 <rbasak> #action rbasak to open wider discussion on third-party repo policy

 20:04 * meetingology rbasak to open wider discussion on third-party repo policy

 20:04 * rbasak rbasak to draft a proposal of the DMB-proposed inactivity expiration policy for TB ratification

 20:04 <rbasak> This is to carry over

 20:05 <rbasak> #action rbasak to draft a proposal of the DMB-proposed inactivity expiration policy for TB ratification

 20:05 * meetingology rbasak to draft a proposal of the DMB-proposed inactivity expiration policy for TB ratification

 20:05 * rbasak seb128 to continue working with SRU, AA, Release, Backporters and Security teams to document their membership process and link to it from https://wiki.ubuntu.com/TechnicalBoard#Team_Delegations

 20:05 * rbasak seb128 to follow-up with ubuntu cinnamon on 24.04 request

 20:05 * rbasak vorlon to look into scripting for packages in flavor-specific overlays

 20:05 <rbasak> ^ any progress on these three please?

 20:05 <vorlon> none from me

 20:05 <rbasak> #action vorlon to look into scripting for packages in flavor-specific overlays

 20:05 * meetingology vorlon to look into scripting for packages in flavor-specific overlays

 20:05 <seb128> first one to carry over

 20:05 <rbasak> #action seb128 to continue working with SRU, AA, Release, Backporters and Security teams to document their membership process and link to it from https://wiki.ubuntu.com/TechnicalBoard#Team_Delegations

 20:05 * meetingology seb128 to continue working with SRU, AA, Release, Backporters and Security teams to document their membership process and link to it from https://wiki.ubuntu.com/TechnicalBoard#Team_Delegations

 20:06 <seb128> cinnamon I did a call for vote

 20:06 <rbasak> Ah. Are we waiting on votes still

 20:06 <rbasak> ?

 20:06 <seb128> yes

 20:06 <rbasak> We have two +1s

 20:06 <rbasak> vorlon: do you have an opinion please?

 20:06 <seb128> only alex voted afaik

 20:07 <seb128> I mean in reply to my email/vote

 20:07 <vorlon> I think the flavor is better served by me at the moment continuing to work on ensuring they can have a successful beta rather than voting

 20:07 <vorlon> I'll pick this up after Wednesday

 20:07 <rbasak> OK. Let's leave this for now then.

 20:07 <rbasak> #topic Scan the mailing list archive for anything we missed (standing item)

 20:08 <rbasak> I don't see anything apart from the DMB election planning thread which I think has enough votes to proceed.

 20:08 <rbasak> FTR, I also (obviously since I proposed it) vote +1, if it matters.

 20:08 <rbasak> #agreed The DMB election can proceed as proposed

 20:08 <meetingology> AGREED: The DMB election can proceed as proposed

 20:09 <rbasak> #info No other outstanding ML items

 20:09 <rbasak> #topic Check up on community bugs and techboard bugs

 20:09 <rbasak> #info No open community bugs

 20:09 <rbasak> #info No new techboard bugs

 20:09 <rbasak> #topic Select a chair for the next meeting (next from https://launchpad.net/~techboard/+members)

 20:10 <rbasak> #info Next chair will be seb128, with vorlon as backup

 20:10 <vorlon> ack

 20:10 <rbasak> #topic AOB

 20:10 <rbasak> AOB?

 20:10 <amurray> nothing from me

 20:10 <seb128> not from me

 20:11 <rbasak> OK. Thanks all!

 20:11 <rbasak> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)