== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Technical Board meeting, started by rbasak, 16 Jul at 19:02 &mdash; 19:16 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2024/ubuntu-meeting.2024-07-16-19.02.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== Apologies ===

Discussion started by rbasak at 19:02.

 * amurray sends his apologies  (rbasak, 19:02)
 * vorlon and seb128 are absent  (rbasak, 19:03)

=== Action review ===

Discussion started by rbasak at 19:03.

 * ''ACTION:'' rbasak to draft a proposal of the DMB-proposed inactivity expiration policy for TB ratification  (rbasak, 19:05)
 * ''ACTION:'' rbasak to open wider discussion on third-party repo policy  (rbasak, 19:05)
 * ''ACTION:'' vorlon to look into scripting for packages in flavor-specific overlays  (rbasak, 19:06)
 * ''ACTION:'' seb128 to continue working with SRU, AA, Release, Backporters and Security teams to document their membership process and link to it from https://wiki.ubuntu.com/TechnicalBoard#Team_Delegations  (rbasak, 19:06)
 * ''ACTION:'' sil2100 to follow up on the Cinnamon 24.04 LTS Qualification re the number of contacts listed for the flavor  (rbasak, 19:08)

=== Scan the mailing list archive for anything we missed (standing item) ===

Discussion started by rbasak at 19:08.

 * '''Ubuntu Studio Minimal ISO'''  (rbasak, 19:09)
  * ''AGREED:'' There is no TB action on this at the moment. We will leave this for the release team to handle  (rbasak, 19:10)
 * '''Extended Ubuntu Flavor Build Failure'''  (rbasak, 19:10)
  * ''LINK:'' https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/technical-board/2024-July/002933.html   (rbasak, 19:10)

=== Scan the mailing list archive for anything we missed (standing item) ===

Discussion started by rbasak at 19:13.

 * '''Extended Ubuntu Flavor Build Failure'''  (rbasak, 19:14)
  * ''ACTION:'' vorlon to follow up on Ubuntu Mate lead contact by email  (rbasak, 19:14)
  * ''AGREED:'' No specific TB action to take, but we won't expect there to be an Oracular release for Mate unless we make contact with their leads again  (rbasak, 19:14)

=== Check up on community bugs and techboard bugs ===

Discussion started by rbasak at 19:14.

 * No community bugs listed  (rbasak, 19:14)
 * No new techboard bugs; the existing ones have action items  (rbasak, 19:15)

=== Select a chair for the next meeting ===

Discussion started by rbasak at 19:15.

 * The next chair will be seb128 with vorlon as backup  (rbasak, 19:15)

=== AOB ===

Discussion started by rbasak at 19:15.

 * No other business  (rbasak, 19:16)



== Action items, by person ==

 * rbasak
  * rbasak to draft a proposal of the DMB-proposed inactivity expiration policy for TB ratification
  * rbasak to open wider discussion on third-party repo policy
 * sil2100
  * sil2100 to follow up on the Cinnamon 24.04 LTS Qualification re the number of contacts listed for the flavor
 * vorlon
  * vorlon to look into scripting for packages in flavor-specific overlays
  * vorlon to follow up on Ubuntu Mate lead contact by email
 * **UNASSIGNED**
  * seb128 to continue working with SRU, AA, Release, Backporters and Security teams to document their membership process and link to it from https://wiki.ubuntu.com/TechnicalBoard#Team_Delegations



== People present (lines said) ==

 * rbasak (53)
 * vorlon (15)
 * meetingology (14)
 * sil2100 (10)



== Full log ==


 19:02 <rbasak> #startmeeting Technical Board

 19:02 <meetingology> Meeting started at 19:02:26 UTC.  The chair is rbasak.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 19:02 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 19:02 <rbasak> #topic Apologies

 19:02 <rbasak> #info amurray sends his apologies

 19:03 <sil2100> Maybe vorlon is around?

 19:03 <rbasak> #info vorlon and seb128 are absent

 19:03 <rbasak> #topic Action review

 19:03 * rbasak rbasak to draft a proposal of the DMB-proposed inactivity expiration policy for TB ratification

 19:04 <rbasak> This is in progress. The draft is pretty much ready to convert to Markdown for Discourse. Please see my final edits to see if you're happy with them. I will continue regardless unless there are any objections.

 19:04 <rbasak> #action Oh I'm sorry. That's for the next item.

 19:04 * meetingology Oh I'm sorry. That's for the next item.

 19:04 * vorlon waves

 19:04 <rbasak> #undo

 19:04 <meetingology> Removing item from minutes: ACTION

 19:04 <vorlon> sorry I'm late

 19:04 <rbasak> o/

 19:05 <sil2100> Oooh, didn't know about the undo feature!

 19:05 <rbasak> The DMB item is in the queue behind this other one

 19:05 <rbasak> #action rbasak to draft a proposal of the DMB-proposed inactivity expiration policy for TB ratification

 19:05 * meetingology rbasak to draft a proposal of the DMB-proposed inactivity expiration policy for TB ratification

 19:05 <rbasak> #action rbasak to open wider discussion on third-party repo policy

 19:05 * meetingology rbasak to open wider discussion on third-party repo policy

 19:05 <rbasak> as above

 19:05 <rbasak> vorlon to look into scripting for packages in flavor-specific overlays

 19:05 <vorlon> well

 19:06 <vorlon> carry-over :)

 19:06 <rbasak> #action vorlon to look into scripting for packages in flavor-specific overlays

 19:06 * meetingology vorlon to look into scripting for packages in flavor-specific overlays

 19:06 <rbasak> seb128 to continue working with SRU, AA, Release, Backporters and Security teams to document their membership process and link to it from https://wiki.ubuntu.com/TechnicalBoard#Team_Delegations

 19:06 <rbasak> He isn't here so I'll carry over.

 19:06 <rbasak> #action seb128 to continue working with SRU, AA, Release, Backporters and Security teams to document their membership process and link to it from https://wiki.ubuntu.com/TechnicalBoard#Team_Delegations

 19:06 * meetingology seb128 to continue working with SRU, AA, Release, Backporters and Security teams to document their membership process and link to it from https://wiki.ubuntu.com/TechnicalBoard#Team_Delegations

 19:06 <rbasak> sil2100 to follow up on the Cinnamon 24.04 LTS Qualification re the number of contacts listed for the flavor

 19:06 <sil2100> So regarding this one

 19:06 <sil2100> I'm fine in proceeding, but wanted to ask around if we still think this is necesasry

 19:07 <sil2100> Cinnamon has been labelled LTS for 24.04, if we think chasing down on this is still a valid action, I can do that

 19:07 <vorlon> I still want clarification of the contacts

 19:08 <sil2100> Fine by me, the doc does show quite a mish-mash of people there

 19:08 <vorlon> as we still need to be able to manage point releases of this flavor for years

 19:08 <sil2100> Let me start drafting an e-mail then

 19:08 <rbasak> Shall I carry this one over then?

 19:08 <sil2100> Yes please

 19:08 <rbasak> #action sil2100 to follow up on the Cinnamon 24.04 LTS Qualification re the number of contacts listed for the flavor

 19:08 * meetingology sil2100 to follow up on the Cinnamon 24.04 LTS Qualification re the number of contacts listed for the flavor

 19:08 <rbasak> #topic Scan the mailing list archive for anything we missed (standing item)

 19:08 <rbasak> There are a couple

 19:09 <rbasak> "Ubuntu Studio Minimal ISO" from Eickmeyer

 19:09 <rbasak> #subtopic Ubuntu Studio Minimal ISO

 19:09 <rbasak> Is there any action for the TB or can it be left to the release team to handle?

 19:09 <vorlon> I think this is with the release team for now

 19:09 <rbasak> THanks

 19:10 <rbasak> #agreed There is no TB action on this at the moment. We will leave this for the release team to handle

 19:10 <meetingology> AGREED: There is no TB action on this at the moment. We will leave this for the release team to handle

 19:10 <rbasak> #subtopic Extended Ubuntu Flavor Build Failure

 19:10 <rbasak> I only just moderated this one through

 19:10 <rbasak> It's in the archive if you haven't seen it yet:

 19:10 <rbasak> #link https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/technical-board/2024-July/002933.html

 19:11 <rbasak> What action do we need to take, if any?

 19:11 <vorlon> in this morning's release team meeting I asked that the TB be informed that a flavor has been broken for a while in devel and that the flavor contacts have not been responsive

 19:11 <vorlon> I don't think there's any action to take at this time for the TB

 19:11 <rbasak> Thanks

 19:11 <vorlon> they're not currently out of compliance w/ the release guidelines

 19:11 <rbasak> Do we need to assume that there won't be a Mate release then, going forward, unless something changes?

 19:11 <vorlon> I just don't want it to come as a surprise to anybody if they miss oracular

 19:12 <vorlon> it's currently not releasable for oracular, yes

 19:12 <rbasak> #agreed No specific TB action to take, but we won't expect there to be an Oracular release for Mate unless we make contact with their leads again

 19:12 <meetingology> AGREED: No specific TB action to take, but we won't expect there to be an Oracular release for Mate unless we make contact with their leads again

 19:12 <vorlon> oh - I see the email mentions "flavor lead", but of course the LTS qual guidelines now say there must be multiple flavor contacts :)

 19:12 <sil2100> +1

 19:13 <vorlon> I don't know who all has been contacted, I'll follow up to the mail to make sure

 19:13 <rbasak> Do you want an action item for that?

 19:13 <vorlon> you can

 19:13 <rbasak> #undo

 19:13 <meetingology> Removing item from minutes: AGREED

 19:13 <rbasak> Oh, hmm.

 19:13 <rbasak> #topic Scan the mailing list archive for anything we missed (standing item)

 19:14 <rbasak> #subtopic Extended Ubuntu Flavor Build Failure

 19:14 <rbasak> #action vorlon to follow up on Ubuntu Mate lead contact by email

 19:14 * meetingology vorlon to follow up on Ubuntu Mate lead contact by email

 19:14 <rbasak> #agreed No specific TB action to take, but we won't expect there to be an Oracular release for Mate unless we make contact with their leads again

 19:14 <meetingology> AGREED: No specific TB action to take, but we won't expect there to be an Oracular release for Mate unless we make contact with their leads again

 19:14 <rbasak> #topic Check up on community bugs and techboard bugs

 19:14 <rbasak> #info No community bugs listed

 19:15 <rbasak> #info No new techboard bugs; the existing ones have action items

 19:15 <rbasak> #topic Select a chair for the next meeting

 19:15 <rbasak> #info The next chair will be seb128 with vorlon as backup

 19:15 <rbasak> #topic AOB

 19:15 <rbasak> AOB?

 19:16 <sil2100> Nothing from me

 19:16 <rbasak> #info No other business

 19:16 <rbasak> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)