== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status meeting, started by cpaelzer, 30 Jan at 15:33 &mdash; 15:49 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2024/ubuntu-meeting.2024-01-30-15.33.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== current component mismatches ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 15:33.

 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg   (cpaelzer, 15:33)
 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg   (cpaelzer, 15:33)

=== New MIRs ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 15:34.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=NEW&field.status%3Alist=CONFIRMED&assignee_option=none&field.assignee=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (cpaelzer, 15:34)
 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/authd/+bug/2048781   (cpaelzer, 15:35)

=== Incomplete bugs / questions ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 15:36.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (cpaelzer, 15:36)

=== Process/Documentation improvements ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 15:37.

 * ''LINK:'' https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/pulls   (cpaelzer, 15:37)
 * ''LINK:'' https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/issues   (cpaelzer, 15:38)
 * ''LINK:'' https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/issues/44   (cpaelzer, 15:39)
 * ''LINK:'' https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/pull/45   (cpaelzer, 15:39)

=== MIR related Security Review Queue ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 15:41.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-security/+bugs?field.searchtext=%5BMIR%5D&assignee_option=choose&field.assignee=ubuntu-security&field.bug_reporter=&field.bug_commenter=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (cpaelzer, 15:41)
 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-security/+bugs?field.searchtext=[MIR]&assignee_option=choose&field.assignee=ubuntu-security&field.bug_reporter=&field.bug_commenter=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (cpaelzer, 15:41)
 * ''LINK:'' https://warthogs.atlassian.net/jira/software/c/projects/SEC/boards/594   (cpaelzer, 15:41)

=== Any other business? ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 15:43.




== People present (lines said) ==

 * cpaelzer (73)
 * sarnold (7)
 * slyon (4)
 * eslerm (4)
 * meetingology (2)
 * joalif (2)



== Full log ==


 15:33 <cpaelzer> #startmeeting Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status

 15:33 <meetingology> Meeting started at 15:33:12 UTC.  The chair is cpaelzer.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 15:33 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 15:33 <cpaelzer> Ping for MIR meeting - didrocks joalif slyon sarnold cpaelzer jamespage ( eslerm dviererbe )

 15:33 <cpaelzer> #topic current component mismatches

 15:33 <cpaelzer> Mission: Identify required actions and spread the load among the teams

 15:33 <cpaelzer> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg

 15:33 <cpaelzer> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg

 15:33 <cpaelzer> this looks quite clean

 15:33 <cpaelzer> cssselect is known

 15:33 <joalif> o/

 15:33 <cpaelzer> the jaraco stack as well

 15:34 <cpaelzer> libcryptx is on miriam and a big unknown still

 15:34 <cpaelzer> I see nothing that needs new MIRs filed in here

 15:34 <cpaelzer> #topic New MIRs

 15:34 <cpaelzer> Mission: ensure to assign all incoming reviews for fast processing

 15:34 <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=NEW&field.status%3Alist=CONFIRMED&assignee_option=none&field.assignee=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 15:35 <cpaelzer> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/authd/+bug/2048781

 15:35 <cpaelzer> Looking for a reviewer

 15:36 <cpaelzer> slyon: joalif: anyone up to a review this week?

 15:36 <joalif> i can take one

 15:36 <cpaelzer> thank you, done

 15:36 <slyon> I'm pretty busy, as I'm helping out with the time_t transition NMUs in Debian, so would prefer not to.

 15:36 <cpaelzer> #topic Incomplete bugs / questions

 15:36 <cpaelzer> Mission: Identify required actions and spread the load among the teams

 15:36 <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 15:37 <cpaelzer> one recent which is a stub https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/jpeg-xl/+bug/2051579

 15:37 <slyon> stub

 15:37 <cpaelzer> ok on this

 15:37 <cpaelzer> no action needed either

 15:37 <cpaelzer> #topic Process/Documentation improvements

 15:37 <cpaelzer> Mission: Review pending process/documentation pull-requests or issues

 15:37 <cpaelzer> #link https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/pulls

 15:38 <cpaelzer> #link https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/issues

 15:38 <cpaelzer> one new thing by eslerm

 15:38 <cpaelzer> who said above he is distracted on training

 15:39 <cpaelzer> https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/issues/44

 15:39 <cpaelzer> https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/pull/45

 15:39 <cpaelzer> actually I feel we have discussed this ...

 15:39 <cpaelzer> let me refresh my memory

 15:40 <cpaelzer> oh I see, he followed my suggestion of a slight hint

 15:40 <eslerm> as long as this is mentioned *somehow* so owning teams know I'd be grateful, feel free to ammend as needed

 15:40 <cpaelzer> IMHO as a TODO we'd all struggle how to know if thins are deprecated

 15:41 <cpaelzer> if you are ok, I'll ammend after my meeting phase

 15:41 <cpaelzer> and then land it

 15:41 <eslerm> thank you

 15:41 <cpaelzer> as a RULE and as a new bullet point

 15:41 <cpaelzer> #topic MIR related Security Review Queue

 15:41 <cpaelzer> Mission: Check on progress, do deadlines seem doable?

 15:41 <cpaelzer> Some clients can only work with one, some with the other escaping - the URLs point to the same place.

 15:41 <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-security/+bugs?field.searchtext=%5BMIR%5D&assignee_option=choose&field.assignee=ubuntu-security&field.bug_reporter=&field.bug_commenter=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 15:41 <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-security/+bugs?field.searchtext=[MIR]&assignee_option=choose&field.assignee=ubuntu-security&field.bug_reporter=&field.bug_commenter=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 15:41 <cpaelzer> Internal link

 15:41 <cpaelzer> - ensure your teams items are prioritized among each other as you'd expect

 15:41 <cpaelzer> - ensure community requests do not get stomped by teams calling for favors too much

 15:41 <cpaelzer> #link https://warthogs.atlassian.net/jira/software/c/projects/SEC/boards/594

 15:42 <sarnold> we've got five MIRs in-flight at the moment, three with new reviewers :) things are feeling good

 15:42 <cpaelzer> nice that you get those new reviewers started as planned

 15:42 <cpaelzer> looking good indeed

 15:43 <cpaelzer> #topic Any other business?

 15:43 <cpaelzer> I have a heads up for MIR and security team

 15:43 <cpaelzer> anyone else before I go into details?

 15:43 <sarnold> I don't think so...

 15:43 <slyon> no

 15:43 <cpaelzer> ok, then here the FYI

 15:44 <cpaelzer> there is effort in making the default set of tools available for performance and crash analysis nicer to the users

 15:44 <sarnold> nice

 15:44 <cpaelzer> details vary and depend on the context, no need to go into too much details - if you are curious get in touch

 15:44 <cpaelzer> but what is worth

 15:44 <cpaelzer> is that out of that effort there will be an expected flurry of MIRs and associated security reviews coming

 15:44 <cpaelzer> the amount is probably 3-8

 15:45 <cpaelzer> so not too insane

 15:45 <cpaelzer> but it will be noble time-frame

 15:45 <cpaelzer> so to whatever amount you can, reserve some time and tell your managers upfront

 15:45 <cpaelzer> involved are mostly kernel, foundations and server - but to some extend anyone that feels to belong to *ubuntu*

 15:46 <cpaelzer> so much for now I'd think

 15:46 <cpaelzer> I think the MIR review capactity is fine for this

 15:46 <eslerm> knowning which packages to plan for would help

 15:46 <cpaelzer> for security we thought this is worth to be mentioned to know about it by now instead of out of a sudden

 15:46 <eslerm> it is appreciated :)

 15:47 <sarnold> in yesterday's team meeting I communicated that there's usually a flurry of last-minute packages to review

 15:47 <sarnold> so hopefully our need for more reviewers won't come as a surprise

 15:47 <cpaelzer> eslerm: sarnold: For details you can go to FO147 spec for now and anything you find linked from jira Fr-6202

 15:48 <cpaelzer> with that being said, I think we are good for now

 15:48 <cpaelzer> any other famous last words?

 15:48 <sarnold> have a nice day?

 15:48 <cpaelzer> ok, that is a now

 15:48 <cpaelzer> no

 15:48 <cpaelzer> see you all

 15:48 <sarnold> thanks cpaelzer, all :)

 15:48 <slyon> thanks! o/

 15:49 <cpaelzer> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)