== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Ubuntu Technical Board meeting, started by amurray, 04 Jun at 19:07 &mdash; 19:25 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2024/ubuntu-meeting.2024-06-04-19.07.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== Apologies ===

Discussion started by amurray at 19:07.


=== Action review ===

Discussion started by amurray at 19:08.

 * ''LINK:'' https://docs.google.com/document/d/1apUKR4gtOrfPGCWmtoebaQUhoy-fG8Cyo3VKJyhnpD0/edit   (amurray, 19:11)
 * ''ACTION:'' rbasak to draft a proposal of the DMB-proposed inactivity expiration policy for TB ratification  (amurray, 19:14)
 * ''ACTION:'' vorlon to look into scripting for packages in flavor-specific overlays  (amurray, 19:15)
 * ''ACTION:'' seb128 to continue working with SRU, AA, Release, Backporters and Security teams to document their membership process and link to it from https://wiki.ubuntu.com/TechnicalBoard#Team_Delegations  (amurray, 19:16)
 * ''ACTION:'' vorlon to follow up on the Cinnamon 24.04 LTS Qualification re the number of contacts listed for the flavor  (amurray, 19:16)
 * ''ACTION:'' vorlon to look into scripting for packages in flavor-specific overlays  (amurray, 19:16)

=== Scan the mailing list archive for anything we missed (standing item) ===

Discussion started by amurray at 19:17.

 * ''LINK:'' https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/technical-board/2024-March/thread.html   (amurray, 19:17)
 * ''LINK:'' https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/technical-board/2024-June/thread.html   (amurray, 19:17)

=== Check up on community bugs and techboard bugs ===

Discussion started by amurray at 19:18.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu-community/+bugs?field.assignee=techboard   (amurray, 19:18)
 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/techboard   (amurray, 19:18)

=== Select a chair for the next meeting (next from https://launchpad.net/~techboard/+members) ===

Discussion started by amurray at 19:20.

 * ''AGREED:'' next meeting chair: sil2100, backup: amurray  (amurray, 19:21)
 * ''AGREED:'' next meeting chair: sil2100, backup: rbasak  (amurray, 19:22)

=== AOB ===

Discussion started by amurray at 19:23.




== Action items, by person ==

 * rbasak
  * rbasak to draft a proposal of the DMB-proposed inactivity expiration policy for TB ratification
 * seb128
  * seb128 to continue working with SRU, AA, Release, Backporters and Security teams to document their membership process and link to it from https://wiki.ubuntu.com/TechnicalBoard#Team_Delegations
 * **UNASSIGNED**
  * vorlon to look into scripting for packages in flavor-specific overlays
  * vorlon to follow up on the Cinnamon 24.04 LTS Qualification re the number of contacts listed for the flavor
  * vorlon to look into scripting for packages in flavor-specific overlays



== People present (lines said) ==

 * amurray (42)
 * rbasak (18)
 * seb128 (10)
 * meetingology (9)
 * sil2100 (8)



== Full log ==


 19:07 <amurray> #startmeeting Ubuntu Technical Board

 19:07 <meetingology> Meeting started at 19:07:25 UTC.  The chair is amurray.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 19:07 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 19:07 <amurray> #topic Apologies

 19:07 <amurray> vorlon sent apologies via email for the next few meetings

 19:08 <amurray> #topic Action review

 19:08 * amurray rbasak to open wider discussion on third-party repo policy

 19:08 <rbasak> I've been working on this.

 19:08 <rbasak> I've been editing the draft.

 19:08 <rbasak> The most recent significant changes are:

 19:09 <rbasak> 1. The requirement for the documented test plan

 19:09 <rbasak> 2. The section on specific mechanism for implementation for snaps via snap channels.

 19:09 <rbasak> These are marked in green in the draft.

 19:10 <rbasak> Final call: if you haven't provided feedback yet, I'm going to assume you're OK with the current wording (as a draft for publication for consultation; there would still be a final TB ratification step).

 19:10 <rbasak> Also please note that I've renumbered the requirements and started calling them "principles" to help with clarity

 19:10 <amurray> sounds reasonable

 19:11 <amurray> #link https://docs.google.com/document/d/1apUKR4gtOrfPGCWmtoebaQUhoy-fG8Cyo3VKJyhnpD0/edit

 19:12 <amurray> new changes lgtm fwiw

 19:12 <seb128> +1 from me also

 19:12 <rbasak> Thanks!

 19:13 <rbasak> I've also been speaking to some internal stakeholders such as snap upstream.

 19:13 <rbasak> Assuming no objections from them, I'll publish to Discourse in the next couple of weeks or so.

 19:13 <rbasak> My draft to post to Discourse is in progress in the same doc.

 19:13 <amurray> sounds good - thanks rbasak

 19:14 <amurray> (argh sorry I just realised I have a hard stop in 15 mins so will speed things up a bit - apologies)

 19:14 * amurray rbasak to draft a proposal of the DMB-proposed inactivity expiration policy for TB ratification

 19:14 <rbasak> This is a lower priority so I've not touched it. Please carry over.

 19:14 <seb128> (sounds fine, I don't expect there is any pending topic that should turn it into a long meeting)

 19:14 <amurray> #action rbasak to draft a proposal of the DMB-proposed inactivity expiration policy for TB ratification

 19:14 * meetingology rbasak to draft a proposal of the DMB-proposed inactivity expiration policy for TB ratification

 19:14 * amurray rbasak to get the DMB election going

 19:15 <rbasak> In progress!

 19:15 <rbasak> Hopefully you've all seen the call for nominations.

 19:15 <rbasak> I will send a reminder out tomorrow.

 19:15 <amurray> yep - thanks rbasak

 19:15 <seb128> I've seen it :)

 19:15 * amurray vorlon to look into scripting for packages in flavor-specific overlays

 19:15 <amurray> will carry over

 19:15 <amurray> #action vorlon to look into scripting for packages in flavor-specific overlays

 19:15 * meetingology vorlon to look into scripting for packages in flavor-specific overlays

 19:15 * amurray seb128 to continue working with SRU, AA, Release, Backporters and Security teams to document their membership process and link to it from https://wiki.ubuntu.com/TechnicalBoard#Team_Delegations

 19:16 <seb128> carry over

 19:16 <amurray> #action seb128 to continue working with SRU, AA, Release, Backporters and Security teams to document their membership process and link to it from https://wiki.ubuntu.com/TechnicalBoard#Team_Delegations

 19:16 * meetingology seb128 to continue working with SRU, AA, Release, Backporters and Security teams to document their membership process and link to it from https://wiki.ubuntu.com/TechnicalBoard#Team_Delegations

 19:16 <amurray> will carry over vorlon's other 2 items then as well

 19:16 <seb128> +1

 19:16 <amurray> #action vorlon to follow up on the Cinnamon 24.04 LTS Qualification re the number of contacts listed for the flavor

 19:16 * meetingology vorlon to follow up on the Cinnamon 24.04 LTS Qualification re the number of contacts listed for the flavor

 19:16 <amurray> #action vorlon to look into scripting for packages in flavor-specific overlays

 19:16 * meetingology vorlon to look into scripting for packages in flavor-specific overlays

 19:17 <amurray> (this one seems to have got dropped from the previous agenda without any outcome as I recall so I readded it)

 19:17 <amurray> #topic Scan the mailing list archive for anything we missed (standing item)

 19:17 <amurray> #link https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/technical-board/2024-March/thread.html

 19:17 <amurray> heh March...

 19:17 <amurray> #link https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/technical-board/2024-June/thread.html

 19:18 <seb128> :)

 19:18 <amurray> nothing that I can see

 19:18 <amurray> (nor for May etc)

 19:18 <amurray> #topic Check up on community bugs and techboard bugs

 19:18 <amurray> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu-community/+bugs?field.assignee=techboard

 19:18 <amurray> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/techboard

 19:18 <amurray> also nothing there

 19:18 <sil2100> o/

 19:19 <seb128> sil2100, hey, just on time for the meeting wrap :)

 19:19 <amurray> oh hey sil2100

 19:19 <sil2100> Apologies, I completely lost count of time

 19:19 <sil2100> Oh no

 19:20 <amurray> all good - main thing to know would be to raise any issues you have may with the third-party repo requirements doc asap

 19:20 <sil2100> I'll check the meeting logs, but anything high-profile I should know about?

 19:20 <sil2100> ACK

 19:20 <amurray> #topic Select a chair for the next meeting (next from https://launchpad.net/~techboard/+members)

 19:20 <sil2100> Let me open it up and have quick look now

 19:21 <amurray> #agreed next meeting chair: sil2100, backup: amurray

 19:21 <meetingology> AGREED: next meeting chair: sil2100, backup: amurray

 19:21 <seb128> I guess that would be sil2100 with backup rbasak?

 19:21 <sil2100> o/

 19:21 <seb128> amurray, you just chaired this one so you shouldn't be on the hook again

 19:22 <rbasak> +1

 19:22 <amurray> I'm not fussed (fwiw for the next while I will likely have to finish after 30mins like today so if I do chair they will be efficient meetings again)

 19:22 <amurray> #agreed next meeting chair: sil2100, backup: rbasak

 19:22 <meetingology> AGREED: next meeting chair: sil2100, backup: rbasak

 19:23 <amurray> #topic AOB

 19:23 <rbasak> I'm fine either way but it's probably better it being defined :)

 19:24 <seb128> no other topic from me

 19:24 <sil2100> Nothing from me o/

 19:25 <amurray> ok - thanks folks

 19:25 <amurray> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)