== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Ubuntu LoCo Council meeting 2024-03-08, started by youngbin, 08 Mar at 12:53 &mdash; 13:25 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2024/ubuntu-meeting.2024-03-08-12.53.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== Follow up on action items from last meeting ===

Discussion started by youngbin at 12:55.

 * We now have Matrix space and room for LoCos  (youngbin, 12:58)
 * Create a topic on Discourse to follow up on LoCo activity updates. - Follow up thing was to crate a survey  (youngbin, 13:01)
 * Reach out to LoCo leaders to participate in the AMA. - No updates from meeting participants for now  (youngbin, 13:04)

=== Fixed agenda ===

Discussion started by youngbin at 13:05.

 * ''VOTE:'' Fixed agenda for LoCo Council meeting: Last meeting Action items follow up, AOB(Any other business), Next meeting schedule and chair (Carried)  (youngbin, 13:19)

=== AOB ===

Discussion started by youngbin at 13:20.

 * Update from coolbhavi - Ubucon Asia in full swing now...  (youngbin, 13:22)

=== Next meeting schedule and chair ===

Discussion started by youngbin at 13:22.

 * ''ACTION:'' Next meeting will be on Friday, April 5, 12:00 UTC. youngbin will chair  (youngbin, 13:24)



== Vote results ==

 * [[https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2024/ubuntu-meeting.2024-03-08-12.53.log.html#44|Fixed agenda for LoCo Council meeting: Last meeting Action items follow up, AOB(Any other business), Next meeting schedule and chair]]
  * Motion carried (For: 2, Against: 0, Abstained: 0)
   * Voters: coolbhavi, youngbin



== Action items, by person ==

 * youngbin
  * Next meeting will be on Friday, April 5, 12:00 UTC. youngbin will chair



== People present (lines said) ==

 * youngbin (56)
 * coolbhavi (26)
 * meetingology (11)
 * kanashiro (0)



== Full log ==


 12:53 <youngbin> #startmeeting Ubuntu LoCo Council meeting 2024-03-08

 12:53 <meetingology> Meeting started at 12:53:38 UTC.  The chair is youngbin.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 12:53 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 12:54 <youngbin> hello

 12:54 <youngbin> So, let's have a look at agenda first

 12:54 <coolbhavi> Hello youngbin

 12:54 <youngbin> Agenda: Follow up on action items from last meeting / Fix agenda / AOB / Next meeting schedule and chair

 12:55 <youngbin> if we don't more topics to discuss, let start with follow up on action items from last meeting

 12:55 <youngbin> #topic Follow up on action items from last meeting

 12:55 <coolbhavi> Sorry was occupied with Ubucon asia stuff so wasn't active on Matrix channel

 12:55 <coolbhavi> So need to followup which I will do tomorrow

 12:56 <youngbin> Ah no worries im also busy with organizing bunch of events lol

 12:56 <coolbhavi> Haha okay üëç

 12:56 <youngbin> So i think we don't have organized note for last meeting. if it's ok let me follow up based on this one... https://gemini.google.com/share/25540f1b2216

 12:56 <youngbin> 1. Follow up with Mauro about setting up the LoCo Council matrix room.

 12:57 <youngbin> We now have Matrix space and room for LoCos

 12:58 <youngbin> #info We now have Matrix space and room for LoCos

 12:58 <youngbin> 2. Create a topic on Discourse to discuss proposals for regular LoCo activity reporting. - any idea what was this about?

 12:59 <coolbhavi> It was related to get a note of loco activities I guess

 12:59 <youngbin> ah to follow up on loco activity update?

 13:00 <coolbhavi> Yes and a follow up thing to this was to create a survey

 13:01 <youngbin> #info Create a topic on Discourse to follow up on LoCo activity updates. - Follow up thing was to crate a survey

 13:01 <coolbhavi> And come up with questions for the survey but on a personal level got very busy with the venue and contracts for Ubucon asia..

 13:02 <youngbin> yes i remember discussion on matrix. i guess not much progress since then

 13:02 <youngbin> 3. Each council member to come up with questions for the LoCo health survey.

 13:02 <youngbin> this should be the survey we just mentioned...

 13:02 <coolbhavi> (time to get things moving I guess now regarding Ubucon Asia :))

 13:03 <youngbin> 4. Reach out to LoCo leaders to participate in the AMA.

 13:03 <youngbin> i think for me, i got no updates

 13:04 <coolbhavi> Me too so lets work on the previous action items and come up with things on the next meeting perhaps üôÇ

 13:04 <youngbin> #info Reach out to LoCo leaders to participate in the AMA. - No updates from meeting participants for now

 13:05 <youngbin> So let's move on to next topic

 13:05 <coolbhavi> Yes

 13:05 <youngbin> #topic Fixed agenda

 13:05 <youngbin> I would like to suggest have some fixed agenda.

 13:06 <youngbin> For example: Action item follow up, AOB(Any other business), Next meeting schedule and chair

 13:06 <coolbhavi> +1

 13:06 <youngbin> other then this 3 items are there other fixed agneda that we should have?

 13:07 <youngbin> agneda -> agenda

 13:07 <coolbhavi> None I can think of right now

 13:07 <youngbin> ok then i think we can vote on 3 fixed agenda. btw...

 13:08 <youngbin> kanashiro: are you present?

 13:09 <youngbin> ok let me setup vote just a minute...

 13:09 <youngbin> #vote Fixed agenda for LoCo Council meeting: Last meeting Action items follow up, AOB(Any other business), Next meeting schedule and chair

 13:09 <meetingology> Please vote on: Fixed agenda for LoCo Council meeting: Last meeting Action items follow up, AOB(Any other business), Next meeting schedule and chair

 13:09 <meetingology> Public votes can be registered by saying +1, -1 or +0 in channel (for private voting, private message me with 'vote +1|-1|+0 #channelname')

 13:10 <youngbin> #voters youngbin kanashiro coolbhavi

 13:10 <meetingology> Current voters: coolbhavi, kanashiro, youngbin

 13:10 <coolbhavi> +1

 13:10 <meetingology> +1 received from coolbhavi

 13:10 <youngbin> +1

 13:10 <meetingology> +1 received from youngbin

 13:11 * youngbin pokes kanashiro

 13:11 <youngbin> hmm

 13:11 <youngbin> wait for kanashiro or end vote?

 13:12 <coolbhavi> Lets wait for quorum then

 13:12 <coolbhavi> Yes

 13:12 <youngbin> ok let's wait for few minutes

 13:12 <coolbhavi> Orelse we will not have quorum

 13:17 <youngbin> let's wait a bit more for 3 min then pass. maybe we can discuss again on next meeting?

 13:18 <coolbhavi> Sure

 13:19 <coolbhavi> Since there is no quorum now we can shift the agenda to our next meeting I guess

 13:19 <youngbin> yups

 13:19 <youngbin> #endvote

 13:19 <meetingology> Voting ended on: Fixed agenda for LoCo Council meeting: Last meeting Action items follow up, AOB(Any other business), Next meeting schedule and chair

 13:19 <meetingology> Votes for: 2, Votes against: 0, Abstentions: 0

 13:19 <meetingology> Motion carried

 13:20 <youngbin> #topic AOB

 13:20 <youngbin> Do we have any other business?

 13:20 <coolbhavi> Ubucon Asia in full swing now .. time to step up the preparation I think :)

 13:21 <coolbhavi> Apart from that none from my side

 13:21 <youngbin> yups i've been also busy try to reach out some sponsors :)

 13:22 <youngbin> #info Update from coolbhavi - Ubucon Asia in full swing now...

 13:22 <youngbin> ok last topic

 13:22 <youngbin> #topic Next meeting schedule and chair

 13:22 <coolbhavi> Yes same here I am trying to reach out to local sponsors but once venue contract is done it will be full steam ahead

 13:22 <youngbin> thanks for hard work :)

 13:23 <youngbin> Our next meeting will be on Friday, April 5, 12:00 UTC

 13:23 <coolbhavi> Good for me üòä

 13:23 <youngbin> I guess until we got matrix-irc bridge for this #ubuntu-meeting channel. It will be still on IRC

 13:23 <youngbin> And chair?

 13:23 <coolbhavi> You can chair

 13:24 <coolbhavi> As this meeting had no quorum

 13:24 <youngbin> yups then i'll chair for now. if anyone would volunteer then i'll hand over

 13:24 <youngbin> indeed

 13:24 <coolbhavi> :)

 13:24 <youngbin> #action Next meeting will be on Friday, April 5, 12:00 UTC. youngbin will chair

 13:24 * meetingology Next meeting will be on Friday, April 5, 12:00 UTC. youngbin will chair

 13:25 <youngbin> Ok let's finish meeting today.

 13:25 <coolbhavi> Have a nice evening youngbin see you in 2 days time again!

 13:25 <youngbin> have a nice evening too :) see you sunday.

 13:25 <youngbin> and for other folks. see you next month.

 13:25 <youngbin> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)