== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting meeting, started by seb128, 21 May at 19:05 &mdash; 19:17 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2024/ubuntu-meeting.2024-05-21-19.05.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== Apologies ===

Discussion started by seb128 at 19:05.


=== Action review ===

Discussion started by seb128 at 19:06.

 * ''ACTION:'' rbasak to open wider discussion on third-party repo policy  (seb128, 19:09)
 * ''ACTION:'' rbasak to draft a proposal of the DMB-proposed inactivity expiration policy for TB ratification  (seb128, 19:10)
 * ''ACTION:'' rbasak to get the DMB election going  (seb128, 19:10)
 * ''ACTION:'' vorlon to look into scripting for packages in flavor-specific overlays  (seb128, 19:10)
 * ''ACTION:'' seb128 to continue working with SRU, AA, Release, Backporters and Security teams to document their membership process and link to it from https://wiki.ubuntu.com/TechnicalBoard#Team_Delegations  (seb128, 19:11)
 * ''ACTION:'' vorlon to follow up on the Cinnamon 24.04 LTS Qualification re the number of contacts listed for the flavor  (seb128, 19:13)

=== Scan the mailing list archive for anything we missed (standing item) ===

Discussion started by seb128 at 19:14.


=== Check up on community bugs and techboard bugs ===

Discussion started by seb128 at 19:14.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu-community/+bugs?field.assignee=techboard is empty  (seb128, 19:15)

=== Select a chair for the next meeting (next from https://launchpad.net/~techboard/+members) ===

Discussion started by seb128 at 19:15.

 * Next chair will be vorlon, with sil2100 as backup  (seb128, 19:16)

=== AOB ===

Discussion started by seb128 at 19:16.




== Action items, by person ==

 * seb128
  * seb128 to continue working with SRU, AA, Release, Backporters and Security teams to document their membership process and link to it from https://wiki.ubuntu.com/TechnicalBoard#Team_Delegations
 * **UNASSIGNED**
  * rbasak to open wider discussion on third-party repo policy
  * rbasak to draft a proposal of the DMB-proposed inactivity expiration policy for TB ratification
  * rbasak to get the DMB election going
  * vorlon to look into scripting for packages in flavor-specific overlays
  * vorlon to follow up on the Cinnamon 24.04 LTS Qualification re the number of contacts listed for the flavor



== People present (lines said) ==

 * seb128 (46)
 * meetingology (10)
 * sil2100 (4)
 * amurray (2)



== Full log ==


 19:05 <seb128> #startmeeting

 19:05 <meetingology> Meeting started at 19:05:15 UTC.  The chair is seb128.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 19:05 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 19:05 <seb128> #topic Apologies

 19:05 <seb128> none on the list it seems

 19:06 <seb128> nor on the calendar invite

 19:06 <seb128> unsure if rbasak and vorlon are around/plan to join but let's start without them

 19:06 <seb128> #topic Action review

 19:06 * seb128 everyone to review the third party repo draft within a week and raise any comments they have, after that Robie will post to discourse

 19:07 <seb128> Robie isn't here and he didn't post afaik so I will carry over

 19:07 <sil2100> I don't think we'll have vorlon around today

 19:07 <seb128> ack

 19:07 <sil2100> (he's also marked as OoO)

 19:08 <seb128> (to be fair I was expecting even less people to show since it's post Canonical travel week(s))

 19:08 <seb128> #action everyone to review the third party repo draft within a week and raise any comments they have, after that Robie will post to discourse

 19:08 * meetingology everyone to review the third party repo draft within a week and raise any comments they have, after that Robie will post to discourse

 19:08 * seb128 rbasak to open wider discussion on third-party repo policy

 19:08 <seb128> in fact that's probably the one that we should keep?

 19:08 <amurray> yeah I think so

 19:09 <seb128> #undo

 19:09 <meetingology> Removing item from minutes: ACTION

 19:09 <seb128> unsure how that syntax is working :/

 19:09 <seb128> I will just edit the wiki manually

 19:09 <seb128> #action rbasak to open wider discussion on third-party repo policy

 19:09 * meetingology rbasak to open wider discussion on third-party repo policy

 19:10 * seb128 rbasak to draft a proposal of the DMB-proposed inactivity expiration policy for TB ratification

 19:10 <seb128> Robie is not there and that didn't move afaik so carrying over

 19:10 <seb128> #action rbasak to draft a proposal of the DMB-proposed inactivity expiration policy for TB ratification

 19:10 * meetingology rbasak to draft a proposal of the DMB-proposed inactivity expiration policy for TB ratification

 19:10 * seb128 rbasak to get the DMB election going

 19:10 <seb128> same

 19:10 <seb128> #action rbasak to get the DMB election going

 19:10 * meetingology rbasak to get the DMB election going

 19:10 * seb128 vorlon to look into scripting for packages in flavor-specific overlays

 19:10 <seb128> similarly

 19:10 <seb128> #action vorlon to look into scripting for packages in flavor-specific overlays

 19:10 * meetingology vorlon to look into scripting for packages in flavor-specific overlays

 19:10 * seb128 seb128 to continue working with SRU, AA, Release, Backporters and Security teams to document their membership process and link to it from https://wiki.ubuntu.com/TechnicalBoard#Team_Delegations

 19:11 <seb128> nothing to report on that front, I will carry over

 19:11 <seb128> #action seb128 to continue working with SRU, AA, Release, Backporters and Security teams to document their membership process and link to it from https://wiki.ubuntu.com/TechnicalBoard#Team_Delegations

 19:11 * meetingology seb128 to continue working with SRU, AA, Release, Backporters and Security teams to document their membership process and link to it from https://wiki.ubuntu.com/TechnicalBoard#Team_Delegations

 19:11 * seb128 vorlon to follow up on the Cinnamon 24.04 LTS Qualification re the number of contacts listed for the flavor

 19:12 <sil2100> Didn't hear anything about that sadly

 19:12 <sil2100> The isotracker manifest only has one person for now

 19:12 <seb128> unsure if that still makes sense to follow up since we are past LTS and we vote in favor of it

 19:13 <seb128> would still be nice to see that raised and changed if possible though

 19:13 <seb128> let's carry over, we can drop next time when Steve is around if needed

 19:13 <seb128> #action vorlon to follow up on the Cinnamon 24.04 LTS Qualification re the number of contacts listed for the flavor

 19:13 * meetingology vorlon to follow up on the Cinnamon 24.04 LTS Qualification re the number of contacts listed for the flavor

 19:14 <seb128> #topic Scan the mailing list archive for anything we missed (standing item)

 19:14 <seb128> nothing recent on the mailing list it seems

 19:14 <seb128> #topic Check up on community bugs and techboard bugs

 19:15 <seb128> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu-community/+bugs?field.assignee=techboard is empty

 19:15 <seb128> and nothing new on https://bugs.launchpad.net/techboard

 19:15 <seb128> #topic Select a chair for the next meeting (next from https://launchpad.net/~techboard/+members)

 19:16 <seb128> #info Next chair will be vorlon, with sil2100 as backup

 19:16 <seb128> #topic AOB

 19:16 <seb128> any other topic?

 19:16 <amurray> nothing from me

 19:17 <seb128> and nothing from me either

 19:17 <seb128> let's call it a wrap then, short one :)

 19:17 <seb128> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)