== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Ubuntu Technical Board meeting, started by amurray, 24 Sep at 19:02 &mdash; 19:21 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2024/ubuntu-meeting.2024-09-24-19.02.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== Apologies ===

Discussion started by amurray at 19:02.


=== Action review ===

Discussion started by amurray at 19:03.

 * ''ACTION:'' vorlon to look into scripting for packages in flavor-specific overlays  (amurray, 19:04)
 * ''ACTION:'' seb128 to continue working with AA and Release teams to document their membership process and link to it from https://wiki.ubuntu.com/TechnicalBoard#Team_Delegations  (amurray, 19:07)
 * ''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/UbuntuCinnamon/24.04/LTS-Proposal   (sil2100, 19:09)
 * ''LINK:'' https://irclogs.ubuntu.com/2024/04/09/%23ubuntu-meeting.html#t19:12   (seb128, 19:12)
 * ''ACTION:'' sil2100 to follow up on the Cinnamon 24.04 LTS Qualification to ensure the listed contacts can action the flavor  (amurray, 19:15)
 * ''ACTION:'' rbasak to document the third party software sources policy somewhere appropriate  (amurray, 19:17)

=== Scan the mailing list archive for anything we missed (standing item) ===

Discussion started by amurray at 19:17.

 * ''LINK:'' https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/technical-board/2024-September/thread.html   (amurray, 19:17)

=== Check up on community bugs and techboard bugs ===

Discussion started by amurray at 19:17.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu-community/+bugs?field.assignee=techboard   (amurray, 19:17)
 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/techboard   (amurray, 19:18)

=== Select a chair for the next meeting (next from https://launchpad.net/~techboard/+members) ===

Discussion started by amurray at 19:19.

 * ''AGREED:'' next meeting chair: rbasak, backup: seb128  (amurray, 19:20)

=== AOB ===

Discussion started by amurray at 19:20.




== Action items, by person ==

 * rbasak
  * rbasak to document the third party software sources policy somewhere appropriate
 * seb128
  * seb128 to continue working with AA and Release teams to document their membership process and link to it from https://wiki.ubuntu.com/TechnicalBoard#Team_Delegations
 * sil2100
  * sil2100 to follow up on the Cinnamon 24.04 LTS Qualification to ensure the listed contacts can action the flavor
 * **UNASSIGNED**
  * vorlon to look into scripting for packages in flavor-specific overlays



== People present (lines said) ==

 * amurray (36)
 * sil2100 (21)
 * rbasak (11)
 * meetingology (9)
 * seb128 (9)



== Full log ==


 19:02 <amurray> #startmeeting Ubuntu Technical Board

 19:02 <meetingology> Meeting started at 19:02:00 UTC.  The chair is amurray.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 19:02 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 19:02 <amurray> #topic Apologies

 19:02 <sil2100> I would like to apologize for my absence last time

 19:02 <rbasak> o/

 19:02 <sil2100> I was supposed to appear, but somehow I ended up distracted enough to miss it...

 19:02 <amurray> thanks sil2100 - no worries

 19:03 <amurray> no apologies that I can see for todays meeting

 19:03 <amurray> #topic Action review

 19:03 * amurray vorlon to look into scripting for packages in flavor-specific overlays

 19:04 <amurray> looks like vorlon is not around - will carry-over

 19:04 <amurray> #action vorlon to look into scripting for packages in flavor-specific overlays

 19:04 * meetingology vorlon to look into scripting for packages in flavor-specific overlays

 19:04 * amurray seb128 to continue working with SRU, AA, Release, Backporters and Security teams to document their membership process and link to it from https://wiki.ubuntu.com/TechnicalBoard#Team_Delegations

 19:04 <seb128> carry-over please

 19:05 <amurray> #action seb128 to continue working with SRU, AA, Release, Backporters and Security teams to document their membership process and link to it from https://wiki.ubuntu.com/TechnicalBoard#Team_Delegations

 19:05 * meetingology seb128 to continue working with SRU, AA, Release, Backporters and Security teams to document their membership process and link to it from https://wiki.ubuntu.com/TechnicalBoard#Team_Delegations

 19:05 <rbasak> On the above...

 19:05 <rbasak> Note that the SRU team documentation now includes a section on that, so I think this is done for the SRU team.

 19:05 <rbasak> I guess I should link to it from the wiki

 19:06 <amurray> Similarly I have documented the process for the Security team as well and linked to it from the TB page on the wiki

 19:06 <amurray> #undo

 19:06 <meetingology> Removing item from minutes: ACTION

 19:06 <sil2100> I think we need to do the same for the Release team. I have a general draft of Release membership onboarding that I could extend to that, but we still need to define all of it from the Release team

 19:06 <sil2100> The onboarding document for now is internal for internal onboarding processes, but there's actually no reason for it to not become public

 19:06 <seb128> I need to do  the same for the archive admins

 19:07 <amurray> ok lets keep the Release Team and AA teams on the action item them

 19:07 <sil2100> Let me add it to the next release meeting agenda

 19:07 <sil2100> Ok done, I'll discuss it with the team

 19:07 <amurray> #action seb128 to continue working with AA and Release teams to document their membership process and link to it from https://wiki.ubuntu.com/TechnicalBoard#Team_Delegations

 19:07 * meetingology seb128 to continue working with AA and Release teams to document their membership process and link to it from https://wiki.ubuntu.com/TechnicalBoard#Team_Delegations

 19:07 <seb128> thanks

 19:08 * amurray sil2100 to follow up on the Cinnamon 24.04 LTS Qualification re the number of contacts listed for the flavor

 19:08 <seb128> nice to see some change on that item, it has been carried over for ever :)

 19:08 <sil2100> I have a question regarding that one

 19:08 <sil2100> So when I started drafting an e-mail, I actually wanted to find some context of this one, but I guess I didn't search well enough

 19:09 <sil2100> https://wiki.ubuntu.com/UbuntuCinnamon/24.04/LTS-Proposal

 19:09 <sil2100> Is the problem we're trying to ask about that there's too many contacts listed?

 19:09 <sil2100> Because originally I thought the problem was that there were not enough

 19:10 <sil2100> What is the original ask here, apologies for asking

 19:10 <amurray> hmm I am not sure either - am trying to see if I can find anything but so far am coming up blank

 19:12 <seb128> https://irclogs.ubuntu.com/2024/04/09/%23ubuntu-meeting.html#t19:12

 19:12 <seb128> it's coming from here

 19:12 <sil2100> To be fair, the Cinnamon situation is a bit weird. Basically during Beta we had trouble getting in touch with the main flavor lead, but indeed the rest of listed people were able to act on the flavor

 19:13 <sil2100> Okay, so it is the fact of 'too many contacts'. The list doesn't include 10 people though, just 4 through name

 19:13 <sil2100> And I think mentioning 'members of ubuntucinnamon-dev' is a natural thing to say?

 19:14 <sil2100> But okay, let's carry over my item. What I'll do is send a message to Cinnamon asking them about current contact information

 19:14 <sil2100> And making sure that all the contacts that are listed can action on the actual flavor

 19:14 <amurray> thanks sil2100

 19:14 <sil2100> And can be made accountable

 19:14 <sil2100> Thank you for the context o/

 19:14 <seb128> it seems reasonable to me as well, I'm unsure to understand the original concern, maybe just dropping the reference to the team would be enough?

 19:15 <seb128> thanks!

 19:15 <amurray> #action sil2100 to follow up on the Cinnamon 24.04 LTS Qualification to ensure the listed contacts can action the flavor

 19:15 * meetingology sil2100 to follow up on the Cinnamon 24.04 LTS Qualification to ensure the listed contacts can action the flavor

 19:15 * amurray rbasak to document the third party software sources policy somewhere appropriate

 19:16 <rbasak> o/

 19:16 <rbasak> I created https://launchpad.net/ubuntu-governance-docs

 19:16 <rbasak> Getting some help from a technical author within Canonical for the infrastructure pieces

 19:16 <rbasak> But this is still in progress

 19:16 <rbasak> Please carry over

 19:16 <sil2100> \o/

 19:16 <amurray> nice - thanks rbasak

 19:17 <amurray> #action rbasak to document the third party software sources policy somewhere appropriate

 19:17 * meetingology rbasak to document the third party software sources policy somewhere appropriate

 19:17 <amurray> #topic Scan the mailing list archive for anything we missed (standing item)

 19:17 <amurray> #link https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/technical-board/2024-September/thread.html

 19:17 <amurray> nothing there

 19:17 <amurray> #topic Check up on community bugs and techboard bugs

 19:17 <amurray> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu-community/+bugs?field.assignee=techboard

 19:18 <amurray> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/techboard

 19:18 <amurray> LP: #2015920 can probably be closed out soon rbasak

 19:19 <rbasak> Agreed. I was going to get it documented first so was just waiting on that so I could post a link in the bug on closing it.

 19:19 <amurray> sounds good

 19:19 <amurray> #topic Select a chair for the next meeting (next from https://launchpad.net/~techboard/+members)

 19:20 <amurray> looks like rbasak  and seb128

 19:20 <amurray> #agreed next meeting chair: rbasak, backup: seb128

 19:20 <meetingology> AGREED: next meeting chair: rbasak, backup: seb128

 19:20 <rbasak> ack

 19:20 <amurray> #topic AOB

 19:20 <sil2100> Nothing from me

 19:21 <seb128> not from me

 19:21 <amurray> nor from me

 19:21 <amurray> looks like we are done then - thanks folks

 19:21 <amurray> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)