== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Technical Board meeting, started by seb128, 10 Sep at 19:02 &mdash; 19:13 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2024/ubuntu-meeting.2024-09-10-19.02.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== Apologies ===

Discussion started by seb128 at 19:02.

 * Alex send an apologies email today  (seb128, 19:02)

=== Action review ===

Discussion started by seb128 at 19:03.


=== Scan the mailing list archive for anything we missed (standing item) ===

Discussion started by seb128 at 19:07.

 * No outstanding mailing list items  (seb128, 19:08)

=== Check up on community bugs and techboard bugs ===

Discussion started by seb128 at 19:08.

 * No open community bugs  (seb128, 19:09)
 * No techboard bugs that need attention  (seb128, 19:09)

=== (vorlon) seeded snaps policy, snap channels, and things moving fast? ===

Discussion started by seb128 at 19:09.


=== Select a chair for the next meeting (next from https://launchpad.net/~techboard/+members) ===

Discussion started by seb128 at 19:11.

 * The next chair will be amurray with rbasak as backup  (seb128, 19:12)

=== AOB ===

Discussion started by seb128 at 19:12.




== People present (lines said) ==

 * seb128 (32)
 * vorlon (5)
 * rbasak (5)
 * meetingology (2)



== Full log ==


 19:02 <seb128> #startmeeting Technical Board

 19:02 <meetingology> Meeting started at 19:02:30 UTC.  The chair is seb128.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 19:02 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 19:02 <seb128> #topic Apologies

 19:02 <seb128> #info Alex send an apologies email today

 19:03 <seb128> Lukasz doesn't seem to be around

 19:03 <seb128> #topic Action review

 19:04 * seb128 vorlon to look into scripting for packages in flavor-specific overlays

 19:04 <vorlon> carry over

 19:04 <seb128> ack

 19:04 <vorlon> (still useful but a bit lower priority now that the LTS is out as-is...)

 19:04 * seb128 seb128 to continue working with SRU, AA, Release, Backporters and Security teams to document their membership process and link to it from https://wiki.ubuntu.com/TechnicalBoard#Team_Delegations

 19:05 <seb128> it's a carry over as well

 19:05 * seb128 sil2100 to follow up on the Cinnamon 24.04 LTS Qualification re the number of contacts listed for the flavor

 19:05 <seb128> I'm going to carry over since sil2100 he's here today

 19:06 * seb128 vorlon to follow up on Ubuntu Mate lead contact by email

 19:06 <vorlon> hmm I think this was done last time and I must've failed to update the agenda

 19:06 <seb128> ack, I will remove it when I edit it at the end of the meeting

 19:07 * seb128 rbasak to document the third party software sources policy somewhere appropriate

 19:07 <rbasak> Carry over please

 19:07 <seb128> ack

 19:07 <seb128> #topic Scan the mailing list archive for anything we missed (standing item)

 19:08 <seb128> #info No outstanding mailing list items

 19:08 <seb128> #topic Check up on community bugs and techboard bugs

 19:09 <seb128> #info No open community bugs

 19:09 <seb128> #info No techboard bugs that need attention

 19:09 <seb128> #topic (vorlon) seeded snaps policy, snap channels, and things moving fast?

 19:10 <seb128> rbasak wrote in the last meeting

 19:10 <seb128> > I think this topic was resolved last time but vorlon isn't here to confirm. Anyway the item I added next is where we are now:

 19:10 <rbasak> I think we can remove that topic now as it was previously discussed and resolved?

 19:10 <vorlon> yes that is resolved

 19:10 <seb128> I missed a few meetings during the summer so was out of context on that one

 19:10 <seb128> will do

 19:11 <seb128> #topic Select a chair for the next meeting (next from https://launchpad.net/~techboard/+members)

 19:12 <seb128> #info The next chair will be amurray with rbasak as backup

 19:12 <rbasak> ack

 19:12 <rbasak> Thanks!

 19:12 <seb128> #topic AOB

 19:12 <seb128> AOB?

 19:12 <rbasak> None from me

 19:13 <vorlon> none here

 19:13 <seb128> neither from me

 19:13 <seb128> let's wrap then, short meeting, thanks rbasak and vorlon!

 19:13 <seb128> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)