== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Technical Board meeting, started by rbasak, 27 Aug at 19:03 &mdash; 19:15 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2024/ubuntu-meeting.2024-08-27-19.03.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== Apologies ===

Discussion started by rbasak at 19:03.

 * No apologies were sent  (rbasak, 19:04)

=== Action review ===

Discussion started by rbasak at 19:04.

 * ''ACTION:'' rbasak to draft a proposal of the DMB-proposed inactivity expiration policy for TB ratification  (rbasak, 19:04)
 * ''ACTION:'' vorlon to look into scripting for packages in flavor-specific overlays  (rbasak, 19:05)
 * ''ACTION:'' seb128 to continue working with SRU, AA, Release, Backporters and Security teams to document their membership process and link to it from https://wiki.ubuntu.com/TechnicalBoard#Team_Delegations  (rbasak, 19:05)
 * ''ACTION:'' sil2100 to follow up on the Cinnamon 24.04 LTS Qualification re the number of contacts listed for the flavor  (rbasak, 19:07)

=== Consider moving to ratify the draft Draft policy on third party software sources included by Ubuntu ===

Discussion started by rbasak at 19:08.

 * ''LINK:'' https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/technical-board-feedback-requested-draft-policy-on-third-party-software-sources-included-by-ubuntu/46849   (rbasak, 19:08)
 * ''VOTE:'' Move to ratify the draft version currently at https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/technical-board-feedback-requested-draft-policy-on-third-party-software-sources-included-by-ubuntu/46849 (Carried)  (rbasak, 19:10)
 * ''ACTION:'' rbasak to document the third party software sources policy somewhere appropriate  (rbasak, 19:10)

=== Scan the mailing list archive for anything we missed (standing item) ===

Discussion started by rbasak at 19:11.

 * No outstanding mailing list items  (rbasak, 19:11)

=== Check up on community bugs and techboard bugs ===

Discussion started by rbasak at 19:11.

 * No open community bugs  (rbasak, 19:12)
 * No techboard bugs that need attention  (rbasak, 19:12)

=== Select a chair for the next meeting (next from https://launchpad.net/~techboard/+members) ===

Discussion started by rbasak at 19:13.

 * The next chair will be seb128 with amurray as backup  (rbasak, 19:14)

=== AOB ===

Discussion started by rbasak at 19:14.




== Vote results ==

 * [[https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2024/ubuntu-meeting.2024-08-27-19.03.log.html#36|Move to ratify the draft version currently at https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/technical-board-feedback-requested-draft-policy-on-third-party-software-sources-included-by-ubuntu/46849]]
  * Motion carried (For: 3, Against: 0, Abstained: 0)
   * Voters: rbasak, amurray, sil2100



== Action items, by person ==

 * rbasak
  * rbasak to draft a proposal of the DMB-proposed inactivity expiration policy for TB ratification
  * rbasak to document the third party software sources policy somewhere appropriate
 * sil2100
  * sil2100 to follow up on the Cinnamon 24.04 LTS Qualification re the number of contacts listed for the flavor
 * **UNASSIGNED**
  * vorlon to look into scripting for packages in flavor-specific overlays
  * seb128 to continue working with SRU, AA, Release, Backporters and Security teams to document their membership process and link to it from https://wiki.ubuntu.com/TechnicalBoard#Team_Delegations



== People present (lines said) ==

 * rbasak (47)
 * meetingology (15)
 * sil2100 (5)
 * amurray (4)



== Full log ==


 19:03 <rbasak> #startmeeting Technical Board

 19:03 <meetingology> Meeting started at 19:03:29 UTC.  The chair is rbasak.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 19:03 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 19:03 <rbasak> #topic Apologies

 19:04 <rbasak> #info No apologies were sent

 19:04 <rbasak> #topic Action review

 19:04 * rbasak rbasak to draft a proposal of the DMB-proposed inactivity expiration policy for TB ratification

 19:04 <rbasak> This still needs carrying over. I had been focused on the next item, which is nearing its end

 19:04 <rbasak> #action rbasak to draft a proposal of the DMB-proposed inactivity expiration policy for TB ratification

 19:04 * meetingology rbasak to draft a proposal of the DMB-proposed inactivity expiration policy for TB ratification

 19:05 * rbasak rbasak to open wider discussion on third-party repo policy

 19:05 <rbasak> Done

 19:05 * rbasak vorlon to look into scripting for packages in flavor-specific overlays

 19:05 <rbasak> vorlon isn't here so I'll carry this over

 19:05 <rbasak> #action vorlon to look into scripting for packages in flavor-specific overlays

 19:05 * meetingology vorlon to look into scripting for packages in flavor-specific overlays

 19:05 * rbasak seb128 to continue working with SRU, AA, Release, Backporters and Security teams to document their membership process and link to it from https://wiki.ubuntu.com/TechnicalBoard#Team_Delegations

 19:05 <rbasak> seb128 isn't here so I'll carry over

 19:05 <rbasak> #action seb128 to continue working with SRU, AA, Release, Backporters and Security teams to document their membership process and link to it from https://wiki.ubuntu.com/TechnicalBoard#Team_Delegations

 19:05 * meetingology seb128 to continue working with SRU, AA, Release, Backporters and Security teams to document their membership process and link to it from https://wiki.ubuntu.com/TechnicalBoard#Team_Delegations

 19:05 * rbasak sil2100 to follow up on the Cinnamon 24.04 LTS Qualification re the number of contacts listed for the flavor

 19:05 <rbasak> sil2100: ?

 19:05 <rbasak> Was this discussed last time?

 19:07 <sil2100> Still on it! I started writing the email but then context switched

 19:07 <sil2100> Carry over please

 19:07 <rbasak> #action sil2100 to follow up on the Cinnamon 24.04 LTS Qualification re the number of contacts listed for the flavor

 19:07 * meetingology sil2100 to follow up on the Cinnamon 24.04 LTS Qualification re the number of contacts listed for the flavor

 19:07 <rbasak> (vorlon) seeded snaps policy, snap channels, and things moving fast?

 19:08 <rbasak> I think this topic was resolved last time but vorlon isn't here to confirm. Anyway the item I added next is where we are now:

 19:08 <rbasak> #topic Consider moving to ratify the draft Draft policy on third party software sources included by Ubuntu

 19:08 <rbasak> #link https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/technical-board-feedback-requested-draft-policy-on-third-party-software-sources-included-by-ubuntu/46849

 19:08 <rbasak> That link carries the latest version of the draft.

 19:08 <rbasak> I think we've had enough feedback now. Are we OK to move to ratify it?

 19:08 <rbasak> Any objections before putting it to a vote?

 19:09 <amurray> none from me

 19:09 <rbasak> #vote Move to ratify the draft version currently at https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/technical-board-feedback-requested-draft-policy-on-third-party-software-sources-included-by-ubuntu/46849

 19:09 <meetingology> Please vote on: Move to ratify the draft version currently at https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/technical-board-feedback-requested-draft-policy-on-third-party-software-sources-included-by-ubuntu/46849

 19:09 <meetingology> Public votes can be registered by saying +1, -1 or +0 in channel (for private voting, private message me with 'vote +1|-1|+0 #channelname')

 19:09 <rbasak> +1

 19:09 <meetingology> +1 received from rbasak

 19:09 <amurray> +1

 19:09 <meetingology> +1 received from amurray

 19:10 <sil2100> +1

 19:10 <meetingology> +1 received from sil2100

 19:10 <rbasak> Thanks!

 19:10 <rbasak> #endvote

 19:10 <meetingology> Voting ended on: Move to ratify the draft version currently at https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/technical-board-feedback-requested-draft-policy-on-third-party-software-sources-included-by-ubuntu/46849

 19:10 <meetingology> Votes for: 3, Votes against: 0, Abstentions: 0

 19:10 <meetingology> Motion carried

 19:10 <rbasak> #action rbasak to document the third party software sources policy somewhere appropriate

 19:10 * meetingology rbasak to document the third party software sources policy somewhere appropriate

 19:11 <rbasak> Thanks to everyone involved for your time on this! It's nice to see it wrapped up.

 19:11 <rbasak> #topic Scan the mailing list archive for anything we missed (standing item)

 19:11 <rbasak> #info No outstanding mailing list items

 19:11 <rbasak> #topic Check up on community bugs and techboard bugs

 19:12 <rbasak> #info No open community bugs

 19:12 <rbasak> Bug 2015920 can remain open until I've documented the new policy

 19:12 <rbasak> #info No techboard bugs that need attention

 19:12 <amurray> sounds fair - thanks for all your work leading that third party software sources policy rbasak - great to get it finally done

 19:12 <rbasak> (and the other bug we have an action item for)

 19:13 <rbasak> #topic Select a chair for the next meeting (next from https://launchpad.net/~techboard/+members)

 19:13 <rbasak> I suggest relieving sil2100 from chairing duties for now.

 19:13 <rbasak> So the next chair should be seb128 with amurray as backup I think.

 19:14 <amurray> ack

 19:14 <rbasak> #info The next chair will be seb128 with amurray as backup

 19:14 <sil2100> I hope that in 2 weeks I'll be able to use my right hand to some extent

 19:14 <sil2100> Even still in the cast

 19:14 <rbasak> Sure, but might as well take it easy :)

 19:14 <rbasak> #topic AOB

 19:14 <rbasak> AOB?

 19:15 <rbasak> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)