== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team meeting, started by dbungert, 03 Oct at 15:01 &mdash; 15:29 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2024/ubuntu-meeting.2024-10-03-15.01.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning rounds ===

Discussion started by dbungert at 15:02.

 * ''LINK:'' https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/foundations-team-updates-thursday-2024-10-03/48493   (dbungert, 15:02)

=== Release incoming bugs ===

Discussion started by dbungert at 15:10.

 * ''LINK:'' http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-oo-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs   (dbungert, 15:10)
 * ''LINK:'' http://launchpad.net/bugs/2078464   (dbungert, 15:10)
 * ''LINK:'' http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-nn-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs   (dbungert, 15:14)
 * ''LINK:'' http://launchpad.net/bugs/2078579   (dbungert, 15:14)
 * ''LINK:'' http://launchpad.net/bugs/2081323   (dbungert, 15:16)
 * ''LINK:'' http://launchpad.net/bugs/2083068   (dbungert, 15:18)

=== Team proposed-migration report ===

Discussion started by dbungert at 15:20.

 * ''LINK:'' https://ubuntu-archive-team.ubuntu.com/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs   (dbungert, 15:20)

=== AOB ===

Discussion started by dbungert at 15:27.




== People present (lines said) ==

 * dbungert (22)
 * meetingology (2)
 * adrien (2)
 * Skia (2)
 * vorlon (2)
 * enr0n (1)



== Full log ==


 15:01 <dbungert> #startmeeting Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team

 15:01 <meetingology> Meeting started at 15:01:58 UTC.  The chair is dbungert.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 15:02 <dbungert> #topic Lightning rounds

 15:02 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 15:02 <dbungert> #link https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/foundations-team-updates-thursday-2024-10-03/48493

 15:06 <adrien> Skia: nice hole you had to dig into

 15:06 <Skia> adrien: which one? I feel I've digged into holes the whole week XD

 15:07 <adrien> retry specifically ;-)

 15:07 <Skia> yay, that was a long but nice journey :-)

 15:10 <dbungert> #topic Release incoming bugs

 15:10 <dbungert> #link http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-oo-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 15:10 <dbungert> http://launchpad.net/bugs/2078464

 15:14 <dbungert> tagging

 15:14 <dbungert> #link http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-nn-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 15:14 <dbungert> http://launchpad.net/bugs/2078579

 15:16 <enr0n> juliank seems to have a handle on this. Let's leave the tag so he can discuss next week

 15:16 <dbungert> http://launchpad.net/bugs/2081323

 15:18 <dbungert> let's revisit next time

 15:18 <dbungert> http://launchpad.net/bugs/2083068

 15:20 <dbungert> think this needs fixed in glib

 15:20 <dbungert> MM, JJ, FF are empty

 15:20 <dbungert> #topic Team proposed-migration report

 15:20 <dbungert> #link https://ubuntu-archive-team.ubuntu.com/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs

 15:20 <dbungert> lintian is with cpete

 15:22 <dbungert> just waiting on risc-v build for llvm-toolchain

 15:23 <dbungert> llvm-toolchain-19 more correctly

 15:24 <vorlon> takes 5 days to build on riscv64; that puts us dangerously into the zone when we're supposed to be mastering final candidate images for the release

 15:24 <vorlon> so this will wind up blocked in -proposed and only allowed in if we have to respin the world for other reasons

 15:27 <dbungert> no action on the rest of the report other than retest clicks

 15:27 <dbungert> #topic AOB

 15:29 <dbungert> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)