== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 16 Apr at 16:32 &mdash; 16:46 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2018/ubuntu-meeting.2018-04-16-16.32.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting 
=== Announcements ===
The discussion about "Announcements" started at 16:32.


=== Weekly stand-up report ===
The discussion about "Weekly stand-up report" started at 16:33.


=== Highlighted packages ===
The discussion about "Highlighted packages" started at 16:44.


=== Miscellaneous and Questions ===
The discussion about "Miscellaneous and Questions" started at 16:44.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * ratliff (27)
 * jjohansen (14)
 * sbeattie (8)
 * sarnold (6)
 * leosilva (6)
 * mdeslaur (5)
 * chrisccoulson (4)
 * ubottu (4)
 * meetingology (3)
 * tsimonq2 (1)



== Full Log ==


 16:32 <ratliff> #startmeeting

 16:32 <meetingology> Meeting started Mon Apr 16 16:32:21 2018 UTC.  The chair is ratliff. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:32 <meetingology> 

 16:32 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 16:32 <ratliff> The meeting agenda can be found at:

 16:32 <ratliff> [LINK] https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting

 16:32 <ratliff> [TOPIC] Announcements

 16:32 <ratliff> Thanks to James Cowgill (jcowgill) for providing a debdiff for xenial for ffmpeg (LP: #1697785)!

 16:32 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1697785 in ffmpeg (Ubuntu Xenial) "Update to 2.8.14 in Xenial" [Undecided,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1697785

 16:33 <ratliff> Thanks to Simon Quigley (tsimonq2) providing debdiffs for trusty-artful for calibre (LP: #1758699)!

 16:33 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1758699 in calibre (Ubuntu Artful) "[CVE] JavaScript in a book can access local files using XMLHttpRequest" [Medium,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1758699

 16:33 <ratliff> Your work is very much appreciated and will keep Ubuntu users secure. Thank you!

 16:33 <ratliff> [TOPIC] Weekly stand-up report

 16:33 <ratliff> Jamie's off today so, mdeslaur: you're up

 16:33 <mdeslaur> I'm on community this week

 16:33 <mdeslaur> I just published some tasty perl updates

 16:34 <mdeslaur> and I'm trying to get some things migrated in bionic

 16:34 <mdeslaur> that's about it, I need to pick something from the cve list

 16:34 <mdeslaur> sbeattie: you're up

 16:34 <sbeattie> I'm on bug triage this week

 16:34 <sbeattie> I'm still working on my gcc-4.6 retpoline backport

 16:34 <sbeattie> I have some kernel cve triage tasks to do

 16:35 <sbeattie> And I need to pick something off the cve list

 16:35 <sbeattie> That's probably the highlights for my week

 16:35 <sbeattie> jjohansen: I think you're next?

 16:35 <jjohansen> ah does that mean I don't get to jump in at the end again :)

 16:36 <sbeattie> I'll figure out our team order eventually.

 16:36 <jjohansen> so this week I am

 16:36 <jjohansen> working with cboltz on finish up 2.13 bug fixes and problems he is having around packaging

 16:36 <jjohansen> coordinate with cboltz on opensuse presentation proposals, and get those submitted

 16:36 <jjohansen> merge rc1 into apparmor-next and then drop on the next set of patches targeted for 4.18

 16:36 <jjohansen> do follow-up on on last weeks bugs 1750594, 1679704

 16:36 <ubottu> bug 1750594 in AppArmor "Eventual OOM with profile reloads" [Undecided,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1750594

 16:36 <ubottu> bug 1679704 in apparmor (Ubuntu) "libvirt profile is blocking global setrlimit despite having no rlimit rule" [Critical,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1679704

 16:36 <jjohansen> do some revisions for policy hashing and policy versioning patching so I can get those up as wip: merge requests

 16:36 <jjohansen> proper upstreamable fix for 1750594 to replace the single case fix being used as a short term work around

 16:37 <jjohansen> finish up further rlimit fixes for bugs discovered while working on 1679704

 16:37 <jjohansen> continue work on my LSM stacking review for Casey

 16:37 <jjohansen> work on prompting prototype

 16:37 <jjohansen> uhmm I think that is it for /me

 16:37 <sbeattie> jjohansen: let me know if I can help on the packaging front

 16:37 <ratliff> not sure that you left time to sleep, jjohansen

 16:37 <jjohansen> sbeattie: ack

 16:38 <jjohansen> ratliff: oh right, I need to add the critical item of track down time to sleep

 16:38 <ratliff> I haven't seen sarnold yet this morning, so chrisccoulson you go next

 16:39 <leosilva> he just say morning right now :)

 16:39 <ratliff> yeah, I spoke to soon

 16:39 <sarnold> :)

 16:39 <ratliff> sarnold: you are up

 16:39 <sarnold> I'm in the happy place this week, working down the mirs

 16:39 <sarnold> I'm on socat now

 16:39 <chrisccoulson> oh, I did start typing :)

 16:39 <sarnold> sorry chrisccoulson :(

 16:40 <sarnold> socat might finish today or tomorrow, if there's any others needing bumping up to the head of the queue let me know ..

 16:40 <sarnold> that's it

 16:40 <chrisccoulson> I'm still working on rust 1.25 updates. Currently 73 tests fail across armhf and arm64 because the tests appear to crash, so I'll be spending time trying to figure that out

 16:41 <chrisccoulson> I'd like to pretend I'll have some time left over to do something useful, but I have a feeling this is going to end up wasting another week

 16:41 <chrisccoulson> that's me done

 16:41 <ratliff> I'll check around, but I haven't received any other requests so far, sarnold

 16:41 <ratliff> good luck, chrisccoulson

 16:41 <ratliff> I'm on CVE triage this week.

 16:42 <ratliff> I have sprint prep and other internal work including starting a white paper.

 16:42 <ratliff> I have a couple more kpi scripts to clean up and check in, but the dashboard is full again.

 16:42 <ratliff> leosilva: on to you

 16:42 <leosilva> I'm in the happy place this week :)

 16:43 <leosilva> I'm did an USN for patch-esm this morning

 16:43 <leosilva> I'm finally finished ruby updates and I'm publishing it right now *the crow says: yeahhhhh*

 16:43 <leosilva> other than that I'll keep my hunting to get something from cve-list

 16:43 <leosilva> it's back to you ratliff

 16:44 <ratliff> [TOPIC] Highlighted packages

 16:44 <ratliff> The Ubuntu Security team suggests that contributors look into merging Debian security updates in community-supported packages. If you would like to help Ubuntu but are not sure where to start, this is a great way to do so.

 16:44 <ratliff> See http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/d2u/ for available merges and https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/UpdateProcedures for details on preparing Ubuntu security updates. If you have any questions, feel free to ask in #ubuntu-hardened. To find out other ways of helping out, please see https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/GettingInvolved.

 16:44 <ratliff> [TOPIC] Miscellaneous and Questions

 16:44 <ratliff> Does anyone have any other questions or items to discuss?

 16:44 <tsimonq2> Thanks for the mention. :)

 16:45 <ratliff> thanks for the debdiffs!

 16:46 <ratliff> mdeslaur, sbeattie, jjohansen, sarnold, chrisccoulson, leosilva: Thanks!

 16:46 <ratliff> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)