== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team, 06 Dec at 16:05 &mdash; 16:40 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2018/ubuntu-meeting.2018-12-06-16.05.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning rounds ===
The discussion about "Lightning rounds" started at 16:05.

  * ''LINK:'' https://salsa.debian.org/apt-team/apt/commit/294b5e77a25d2600e7f3ce12a996d1694b5be817 
  * ''LINK:'' https://code.launchpad.net/~codyshepherd/livecd-rootfs/bionic-proposed-snaps-manifest/+merge/359645 
  * ''LINK:'' https://code.launchpad.net/~codyshepherd/livecd-rootfs/xenial-proposed-snaps-manifest/+merge/359649 

=== Release incoming bugs ===
The discussion about "Release incoming bugs" started at 16:16.

  * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-dd-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs 

=== Team proposed-migration report ===
The discussion about "Team proposed-migration report" started at 16:32.

  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs 

=== AOB ===
The discussion about "AOB" started at 16:36.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * cyphermox (63)
 * bdmurray (33)
 * gaughen (23)
 * rbalint (18)
 * juliank (17)
 * doko (10)
 * tdaitx (10)
 * ubottu (9)
 * tobikoch (7)
 * platonical (7)
 * Odd_Bloke (5)
 * fginther (4)
 * meetingology (3)
 * rcj (2)



== Full Log ==


 16:05 <cyphermox> #startmeeting Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team

 16:05 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Dec  6 16:05:50 2018 UTC.  The chair is cyphermox. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:05 <meetingology> 

 16:05 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 16:05 <cyphermox> #topic Lightning rounds

 16:06 <cyphermox> echo $(shuf -e vorlon bdmurray xnox tdaitx doko sil2100 rbalint infinity cyphermox mwhudson rcj philroche Odd_Bloke fginther juliank platonical tobikoch)

 16:06 <cyphermox> tdaitx sil2100 rcj xnox mwhudson juliank infinity fginther bdmurray platonical Odd_Bloke cyphermox philroche doko rbalint tobikoch vorlon

 16:06 <tdaitx> * openjdk-11 update with autopkgtests

 16:06 <tdaitx> - seeing lots of failures in the ppa builds, disk space was reported as a problem, but vbuilders have 60 GB disk

 16:06 <tdaitx> - still got failures afre removing intermediate testsuite files

 16:06 <tdaitx> - arm and intel failed, ibm worked fine, launchpad team said nothing was changed so package changes were probably at fault

 16:06 <tdaitx> - more often disk usage sampling finally indicated a testsuite that grew by 30 GB in less than 2 minutes (local build is faster and on a ssd)

 16:06 <tdaitx> - investigating which particular tests are at "fault", then decide to either ignore them (depending on importance) or free space somewhere else

 16:06 <tdaitx> * openjdk-11 migration to bionic

 16:06 <tdaitx> - local rebuilds of packages that need patching and must be build with openjdk-10

 16:06 <tdaitx> - sorting out what new package dependencies are being used on debian since cosmic

 16:06 <tdaitx> (done)

 16:06 <gaughen> sil2100 is in CPT, and riding back to the hotel

 16:06 <gaughen> rcj

 16:07 <rcj> * tons of vacation

 16:07 <rcj> (done)

 16:07 <gaughen> xnox is out today

 16:08 <gaughen> may be on airplane

 16:08 <gaughen> mwhudson is sleeping hopefully

 16:08 <gaughen> juliank,

 16:08 <juliank> * magic apt stuff

 16:08 <cyphermox> super moo powers! yay

 16:08 <juliank> https://salsa.debian.org/apt-team/apt/commit/294b5e77a25d2600e7f3ce12a996d1694b5be817

 16:08 <juliank> (done)

 16:09 <cyphermox> fginther:

 16:10 <fginther> * Partner calls

 16:10 <fginther> * Posted job opening: https://boards.greenhouse.io/canonical/jobs/1456314

 16:10 <fginther> (done)

 16:10 <fginther> bdmurray:

 16:10 <bdmurray> submitted RT #115646 re staging ET access to porter-i386.canonical.com

 16:10 <bdmurray> submitted RT re updating daisy code in Error Tracker

 16:10 <bdmurray> reported oopsrepository bug LP: #1805912 - and fixed it too

 16:10 <bdmurray> also fixed another bug regarding writing to BucketMetadata

 16:10 <bdmurray> worked with IS regarding failed daisy update and also a separate bad unit

 16:10 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1805912 in Daisy "BucketMetadata has some junk in it" [Medium,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1805912

 16:10 <bdmurray> modified ET mojo spec not to use rabbitmq-stats plus some other stuff

 16:10 <bdmurray> merged libreoffice bionic badtest hint from osomon

 16:10 <bdmurray> reviewed rbalint's monster unattended-upgrades SRU

 16:10 <bdmurray> review of Ubuntu Bug Control application from Canonical employee

 16:11 <bdmurray> special SRU review / release of netplan.io for Bionic

 16:11 <bdmurray> worked on allowing ubuntu-release-upgrader to attempt an upgrade with

 16:11 <bdmurray> PPAs enabled

 16:11 <bdmurray> Now errors.ubuntu.com doesn't have any strange releases on the front page, something Adam had brought up a bit ago.

 16:11 <bdmurray> It was a bit complicated but looks nice now.

 16:12 <bdmurray> âœ” done

 16:12 <bdmurray> platonical:

 16:12 <platonical> * Livecd-rootfs SRUs:

 16:12 <platonical> https://code.launchpad.net/~codyshepherd/livecd-rootfs/bionic-proposed-snaps-manifest/+merge/359645

 16:12 <platonical> https://code.launchpad.net/~codyshepherd/livecd-rootfs/xenial-proposed-snaps-manifest/+merge/359649

 16:12 <platonical> * Bug verification on LP: #1801134

 16:12 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1801134 in livecd-rootfs (Ubuntu Xenial) "/etc/resolv.conf broken in Xenial minimal" [Undecided,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1801134

 16:12 <platonical> * Partner image work

 16:12 <platonical> (done)

 16:12 <platonical> Odd_Bloke:

 16:12 <Odd_Bloke> * Various partner pieces of work

 16:12 <Odd_Bloke> * Investigated using Sentry for build system error tracking

 16:12 <Odd_Bloke> * Moved old trusty releases to our S3 archive to free up disk space on the cloud-images.u.c host

 16:12 <Odd_Bloke> (done)

 16:12 <Odd_Bloke> cyphermox:

 16:12 <cyphermox> MIR: review gnome-shell-extension-desktop-icons

 16:12 <cyphermox> - plymouth: update upstream patches for keyboard deactivation

 16:12 <cyphermox> - Secure Boot/ grub SRU testing (Windows 10 / MAAS chainloading) (bug LP: #1792575)

 16:12 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1792575 in shim-signed (Ubuntu Xenial) "Boot failure with efi shims from 20180913.0" [Undecided,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1792575

 16:12 <cyphermox> - netplan:

 16:12 <cyphermox> - finishing up tunnel support (integration tests + parent device issues)

 16:12 <cyphermox> - workaround for device matching issues when MACs are shared

 16:12 <cyphermox> - Whitepaper: writing up Secure Boot PKI stuff.

 16:12 <cyphermox> - debugging NM+dnsmasq autopkgtests fail in disco

 16:12 <cyphermox> (done)

 16:14 <tobikoch> p_hilroche is ooo

 16:14 <tobikoch> doko:

 16:14 <doko> - packaged GCC 7.4 release, update 8.2

 16:14 <doko> - some MIRs

 16:14 <doko> - preparing bionic test rebuild

 16:14 <doko> - OpenJDK 12 packaging, reviewed new OpenJDK 11 packaging changes

 16:14 <doko> - fixing various ftbfs

 16:14 <doko> - debhelper merge (pending since June)

 16:14 <doko> (done)

 16:14 <rbalint> * meld new upstream release 3.18.3

 16:14 <rbalint> * created unattended-upgrades mirror on Salsa with CI config

 16:14 <rbalint> https://salsa.debian.org/rbalint/unattended-upgrades

 16:14 <rbalint> * followed up on unattended-upgrades SRU regressions

 16:15 <rbalint> * fixed old LP: #1806678 in git

 16:15 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1806678 in rax-nova-agent (Ubuntu) "rax-nova-agent can be upgraded without upgrading python3-novaagent, then it crashes" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1806678

 16:15 <rbalint> * fixed LP: #1806076 on apt's side in git

 16:15 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1806076 in unattended-upgrades (Ubuntu) "unattended-upgrade --help raises UnicodeEncodeError when stdout encoding is ascii" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1806076

 16:15 <rbalint> * collected bzr branches of one round of Foundation's packages for git conversion

 16:15 <rbalint> * proposed check for motd news format:

 16:15 <rbalint> https://code.launchpad.net/~rbalint/ubuntu-motd/check-news-format/+merge/360195

 16:15 <rbalint> * also for nicer minimized motd:

 16:15 <rbalint> https://code.launchpad.net/~rbalint/livecd-rootfs/separate-motd-minimized/+merge/360193

 16:15 <rbalint> * fixed foolscap autopkgtest

 16:15 <rbalint> * packaged new twisted 18.9.0 upstream

 16:15 <rbalint> (done)

 16:15 <tobikoch> * mfdiff refactoring

 16:15 <tobikoch> * vanguarding

 16:15 <tobikoch> * some image build parallellelization work

 16:15 <tobikoch> * minor amount of partner work

 16:15 <tobikoch> (done)

 16:16 <cyphermox> #topic Release incoming bugs

 16:16 <cyphermox> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-dd-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 16:16 <cyphermox> (and this time I got the right URL)

 16:16 <cyphermox> bdmurray: anything on that report you want to talk about?

 16:16 <bdmurray> I noticed Adam took bug 1797335 but there isn't a card for it

 16:16 <ubottu> bug 1797335 in glibc (Ubuntu) "strstr() on ubuntu18.04 8 times slower than on ubuntu16" [Undecided,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1797335

 16:17 <bdmurray> So should we create one?

 16:18 <gaughen> he's got it in the glibc sru he's working on

 16:18 <gaughen> bdmurray, so yes, to creating one and it should go straight to in progress

 16:18 <bdmurray> gaughen: ack

 16:18 <gaughen> bdmurray, you'll create it?

 16:18 <bdmurray> bug 1805490 was raised by seb

 16:18 <ubottu> bug 1805490 in grub2-signed (Ubuntu) "Grub2 Failed to install "efibootmgr failed to register the boot entry: Block device required."" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1805490

 16:18 <bdmurray> gaughen: when my system is working better yes

 16:19 <gaughen> let me do it then

 16:19 <cyphermox> bdmurray: not new

 16:19 <cyphermox> I'll take it though, see if there's more to get out of this now

 16:19 <gaughen> cyphermox, bdmurray and I'll card this one too

 16:19 <bdmurray> cool

 16:19 <cyphermox> gaughen: ta

 16:20 <bdmurray> then there is bug 1804673 which may have an upstream fix

 16:20 <ubottu> bug 1804673 in gnutls28 (Ubuntu) "gnutls causes gnome-music segmentation fault" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1804673

 16:20 <gaughen> I have one quesiton on that last one

 16:20 <cyphermox> wow

 16:20 <gaughen> is this warm enough that we should look at it in the next couple of weeks, or can it wait until Jan?

 16:20 <cyphermox> is that not a desktop bug?

 16:21 <juliank> I'd cherry-pick the gnutls one, that should be trivial, but not sure about SRU testing

 16:21 <bdmurray> no, seb said gnutls is ours which is true

 16:21 <cyphermox> ok

 16:21 <cyphermox> well, yeah, gnutls is ours

 16:22 <cyphermox> my point was it's easy to use gnutls wrong in gnome-music that would lead to a segfault

 16:22 <juliank> APT uses gnutls, so I tend to take care of it when I see it somewhere

 16:22 <cyphermox> but since it's been tracked down to gnutls itself

 16:22 <gaughen> I'll card this beasty also bdmurray, it does look like one we should look at

 16:22 <cyphermox> juliank wants to take it?

 16:22 <gaughen> sounds like it

 16:22 <juliank> yeah

 16:22 <cyphermox> cool

 16:23 <bdmurray> Then there is bug 1805027 which I'm keeping an eye since I experience it too

 16:23 <ubottu> bug 1805027 in systemd (Ubuntu) "systemd-resolved can't resolve Comcast mail server addresses" [Undecided,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1805027

 16:24 <juliank> who uses comcast mail servers anyway?

 16:25 <bdmurray> people forced to?

 16:25 <cyphermox> it's a fun bug

 16:26 <juliank> Can reproduce to

 16:26 <cyphermox> yup

 16:26 <juliank> resolvectl query works, but actually using it fails

 16:26 <cyphermox> it's quite likely EDNS foobar

 16:26 <juliank> (on disco)

 16:26 <cyphermox> (so that inflight SRU that may or may not be in disco?)

 16:27 <cyphermox> xnox isn't around to claim it, but it can probably wait until he's there?

 16:27 <gaughen> so it's confirmed to NOT be addressed by the latest systemd sru?

 16:27 <cyphermox> we only confirm it's not fixed in disco

 16:27 <bdmurray> gaughen: no, it is not. Although I tested it and it didn't help.

 16:27 <juliank> it's definitely not fixed in yesterday's disco upload

 16:27 <cyphermox> no clue if the SRU is applied is disco. certainly /should/ be

 16:27 <gaughen> I carded it

 16:28 <cyphermox> so maybe it's not the same bug

 16:28 <bdmurray> juliank: you tested it on disco?

 16:28 <juliank> that includes " resolved: Increase size of TCP stub replies."

 16:28 <cyphermox> we do have all the info to fix it though, so it's just a matter of how fast it needs to be addressed

 16:28 <juliank> yes, with  239-7ubuntu15

 16:28 <cyphermox> heh

 16:28 <juliank> cyphermox: before the release

 16:28 <juliank> :D

 16:28 <cyphermox> well, yeah

 16:28 <cyphermox> but I mean "before xnox is available" or not

 16:29 <cyphermox> I can easily go debug it

 16:29 <juliank> Given that this affects a small group of users, does not seem that high priority

 16:29 <gaughen> cyphermox, I don't think it's that hot

 16:29 <bdmurray> i think there is a danger of people modifying systems in a bad way

 16:29 <cyphermox> just not sure if that's a good idea priority-wise ;)

 16:29 <cyphermox> bdmurray: yeah

 16:29 <gaughen> cyphermox, I don't think it's a jam it in the current iteration

 16:29 <cyphermox> juliank: it affects a "small" group of many users, the most likely to modify their systems in a bad way, sadly

 16:30 <bdmurray> Its what I did for my dad.

 16:30 <gaughen> I've carded it and put it towards the top of general distro

 16:30 <cyphermox> cool

 16:30 <cyphermox> bdmurray: anything else?

 16:30 <juliank> it definitely sounds like a fun bug

 16:31 <bdmurray> I kinda wanted to talk about samba ownership but I guess Steve should be around for that.

 16:31 <doko> is it ours?

 16:31 <gaughen> doko, it's shared with server

 16:31 <cyphermox> ack

 16:32 <gaughen> bdmurray, I planned to chat with Josh about it later today

 16:32 <cyphermox> punt until later then?

 16:32 <cyphermox> #topic Team proposed-migration report

 16:32 <bdmurray> Oh, it looks like somebody is on it.

 16:32 <cyphermox> #link http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs

 16:32 <cyphermox> doko:

 16:33 <cyphermox> (samba is nice segway)

 16:33 <doko> the only one is imagemagick

 16:33 <cyphermox> ohh

 16:33 <doko> freeipa is not ours, people are trying to migrate to openjdk-11 from -8

 16:34 <cyphermox> ok

 16:35 <rbalint> i can take imagemagick for next week, we have a history with ruby-rmagick :-)

 16:36 <cyphermox> card then?

 16:36 <gaughen> sure, I'll create it and put it in your queue rbalint

 16:36 <cyphermox> ok; moving on

 16:36 <cyphermox> #topic AOB

 16:36 <cyphermox> anything else from anyone?

 16:37 <rbalint> bdmurray, thanks for the monster u-u SRU review! :-)

 16:37 <bdmurray> rbalint: hopefully the rest of the process is smooth

 16:38 <rbalint> it looks like so so far

 16:39 <cyphermox> alright

 16:39 <rbalint> aob: i plan converiting low-traffic Foundations packages from bzr to git without further coordination, if you want yours to be held back please add it to https://wiki.ubuntu.com/UbuntuDevelopment/MigratingFromBzrToGit

 16:40 <cyphermox> thanks everyone! :)

 16:40 <cyphermox> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)