== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting: UMB, 01 Nov at 20:29 &mdash; 20:42 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2018/ubuntu-meeting.2018-11-01-20.29.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Eickmeyer ===
The discussion about "Eickmeyer" started at 20:29.

  * ''Vote:'' Eickmeyer Ubuntu Membership (Carried)

=== AOB ===
The discussion about "AOB" started at 20:41.




== Vote results ==

 * [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2018/ubuntu-meeting.2018-11-01-20.29.log.html#45 Eickmeyer Ubuntu Membership]]
  * Motion carried (For/Against/Abstained 4/0/0)
   *  Voters wxl, nzoueidi, bashfulrobot, tsimonq2



== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * tsimonq2 (35)
 * Eickmeyer (18)
 * meetingology (12)
 * wxl (11)
 * bashfulrobot (10)
 * nzoueidi (9)
 * pavlushka (2)
 * teward (1)
 * Rosco2 (1)



== Full Log ==


 20:29 <tsimonq2> #startmeeting UMB

 20:29 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Nov  1 20:29:15 2018 UTC.  The chair is tsimonq2. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 20:29 <meetingology> 

 20:29 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 20:29 <tsimonq2> #topic Eickmeyer

 20:29 <tsimonq2> hi

 20:29 <Eickmeyer> o/

 20:29 <tsimonq2> Please introduce yourself

 20:30 <Eickmeyer> My name is Erich Eickmeyer, I am currently the Council Chair for Ubuntu Studio, and have been contributing since March/April.

 20:30 <Eickmeyer> I've been working on revitalizing the flavor, and have been the driving force behind some of the innovations in Ubuntu Studio apparent in 18.10.

 20:31 <wxl> it's ONLY been that long????

 20:31 <tsimonq2> I was gonna say

 20:32 <bashfulrobot> A lot done for the time frame.

 20:32 <tsimonq2> Any questions for Eickmeyer?

 20:32 <Eickmeyer> I've been an administrator for the Ubuntu Studio Facebook and Twitter accounts as well.

 20:32 <Eickmeyer> I've been doing all webpage posts on ubuntustudio.org since April.

 20:32 <tsimonq2> bashfulrobot: +1

 20:32 <wxl> random question with no bearing on your membership: what's the future for studio?

 20:33 <bashfulrobot> Eickmeyer: How do you see yourself moving forward within the Ubuntu ecosystem? Plans? ideas? (high level)

 20:33 <Eickmeyer> Right now, we're focusing on bringing Wacom tablet configuration to ubuntustudio-controls, and making ubuntustudio-installer a utility that anybody can install from any flavor to gain all of the benefits of Ubuntu Studio.

 20:33 <Eickmeyer> That way, they can use thier desktop environment of choice.

 20:34 <wxl> OOOOH

 20:34 <nzoueidi> Eickmeyer, any loco teams around? I am wondering why you are not involved into?

 20:34 <Eickmeyer> bashfulrobot: I see myself continuing the lead for Ubuntu Studio and brining it back into the spotlight of being the multimedia distro of choice.

 20:34 <Eickmeyer> nzoueidi: Currently, the loco teams in my area are inactive, afaik.

 20:35 <Eickmeyer> valorie would know more about that than I, however.

 20:35 <tsimonq2> Eickmeyer: If you had to suggest one improvement for Ubuntu as a whole, what would it be?

 20:35 <wxl> i can confirm they are, afaik, too

 20:35 <wxl> there's been some talk of bringing ubuntu pnw back but i need to revisit that topic again, so blame me

 20:35 <tsimonq2> DO IT :D

 20:37 <bashfulrobot> Eickmeyer: What do you see as on of the hardest things when getting involved in Ubuntu?

 20:37 <Eickmeyer> tsimonq2: Tough one. I'm not sure I have a concise answer to that, but I think figuring out a way to get packages from Debian updated easier would be nice, but I really don't know.

 20:37 <tsimonq2> Cool.

 20:37 <bashfulrobot> Eickmeyer: What do you see as *one* of the hardest things when getting involved in Ubuntu?

 20:37 <tsimonq2> I'm ready to vote as soon as bashfulrobot's question is answered.

 20:38 <bashfulrobot> tsimonq2: works for me.

 20:38 <nzoueidi> me too, I need another mug of coffee

 20:39 <wxl> ditto

 20:39 <nzoueidi> I am looking into the bugs in your LP account, keep it up

 20:39 <Eickmeyer> bashfulrobot: Probably one of the hardest things is finding a place where one's skills are best used. I have a degree in leadership, so I found a leadership opportunity with Studio once I saw the need. However, leadership spots seem hard to come by, which makes sense.

 20:39 <Eickmeyer> Honestly, it ended my days of distrohopping.

 20:39 <bashfulrobot> :-)

 20:40 <bashfulrobot> for now. Wait until your installer is out.

 20:40 <Eickmeyer> Hehe

 20:40 <tsimonq2> #vote Eickmeyer Ubuntu Membership

 20:40 <meetingology> Please vote on: Eickmeyer Ubuntu Membership

 20:40 <meetingology> Public votes can be registered by saying +1, +0 or -1 in channel, (for private voting, private message me with 'vote +1/-1/+0 #channelname)

 20:40 <wxl> ew distrohopping

 20:40 <tsimonq2> +1

 20:40 <meetingology> +1 received from tsimonq2

 20:40 <bashfulrobot> +1

 20:40 <meetingology> +1 received from bashfulrobot

 20:40 <nzoueidi> +1

 20:40 <meetingology> +1 received from nzoueidi

 20:40 <wxl> +1

 20:40 <meetingology> +1 received from wxl

 20:40 <tsimonq2> #endvote

 20:40 <meetingology> Voting ended on: Eickmeyer Ubuntu Membership

 20:40 <meetingology> Votes for:4 Votes against:0 Abstentions:0

 20:40 <meetingology> Motion carried

 20:40 <nzoueidi> Congrats

 20:40 <tsimonq2> Congrats Eickmeyer :)

 20:40 <Eickmeyer> \o/

 20:40 <nzoueidi> \o/

 20:40 <bashfulrobot> Welcome!

 20:40 <bashfulrobot> send donuts.

 20:40 <Eickmeyer> Thanks guys!

 20:40 <pavlushka> Congrats Eickmeyer

 20:41 <tsimonq2> I'll button push when I get home if that's OK

 20:41 <wxl> i'm not logged into launchpad so someone else can add him to members

 20:41 <nzoueidi> I will send on mug of coffee for tsimonq2 for chairing tonight

 20:41 <Rosco2> Yay \

 20:41 <pavlushka> that was a yummy meeting I must say

 20:41 <tsimonq2> >:D

 20:41 <nzoueidi> I will wxl

 20:41 <tsimonq2> #topic AOB

 20:41 <Eickmeyer> Big thanks to Rosco2 for his help!

 20:41 <teward> nzoueidi: nah he needs less coffee and more WATER  *shot*

 20:41 <tsimonq2> So

 20:41 <wxl> nope

 20:41 <tsimonq2> Anything?

 20:41 <wxl> ^

 20:41 <tsimonq2> Anyone modulo Lubuntu Membership?

 20:42 <tsimonq2> I don't think we need to discuss it here, but meh :)

 20:42 <Eickmeyer> If Ubuntu Studio membership was a thing, I'd go for that too.

 20:42 <tsimonq2> hehe

 20:42 <tsimonq2> Ending in...

 20:42 <tsimonq2> 10

 20:42 <tsimonq2> 9

 20:42 <tsimonq2> 8

 20:42 <tsimonq2> 7

 20:42 <tsimonq2> 6

 20:42 <tsimonq2> 5

 20:42 <tsimonq2> 4

 20:42 <nzoueidi> Eickmeyer, added to ~ubuntumembers

 20:42 <tsimonq2> 3

 20:42 <tsimonq2> 2

 20:42 <tsimonq2> 1

 20:42 <tsimonq2> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)