== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 20 Aug at 16:43 &mdash; 17:02 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2018/ubuntu-meeting.2018-08-20-16.43.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting 
=== Announcements ===
The discussion about "Announcements" started at 16:44.


=== Weekly stand-up report ===
The discussion about "Weekly stand-up report" started at 16:46.


=== Highlighted packages ===
The discussion about "Highlighted packages" started at 16:57.


=== Miscellaneous and Questions ===
The discussion about "Miscellaneous and Questions" started at 16:58.

  * ''LINK:'' https://ubuntusecuritypodcast.org 
  * ''LINK:'' https://ubuntusecuritypodcast.org 



== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * jdstrand (41)
 * tsimonq2 (10)
 * sbeattie (7)
 * chrisccoulson (6)
 * mdeslaur (5)
 * ebarretto (5)
 * leosilva (4)
 * jjohansen (4)
 * sarnold (3)
 * meetingology (3)



== Full Log ==


 16:43 <jdstrand> #startmeeting

 16:43 <meetingology> Meeting started Mon Aug 20 16:43:49 2018 UTC.  The chair is jdstrand. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:43 <meetingology> 

 16:43 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 16:43 <mdeslaur> \o

 16:44 <jdstrand> The meeting agenda can be found at:

 16:44 <jdstrand> [LINK] https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting

 16:44 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Announcements

 16:44 <jdstrand> The generalist role rotation for this week as follows: CVE Triage: ebarretto, Bug Triage: msalvatore, Community: sarnold, Happy Place: amurray, mdeslaur, sbeattie, leosilva

 16:44 <jdstrand> Thanks to Unit193 for help on security updates for the community supported cgit last week. This work is very much appreciated and will keep Ubuntu users secure. Great job! :)

 16:45 <jdstrand> The Ubuntu Security Team is hiring!

 16:45 <jdstrand> * Ubuntu Security engineer: https://boards.greenhouse.io/canonical/jobs/1158266?t=8c0a6c1f1

 16:46 <jdstrand> * Ubuntu Security manager: https://boards.greenhouse.io/canonical/jobs/1278287?t=8c0a6c1f1

 16:46 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Weekly stand-up report

 16:47 <jdstrand> I'll go first

 16:47 <jdstrand> This week I plan to work on:

 16:47 <jdstrand> * brand store snap declarations

 16:47 <jdstrand> * big anbox-support review

 16:47 <jdstrand> * kubernetes-support interfaces

 16:47 <jdstrand> * various snapd PR reviews

 16:47 <jdstrand> * various internal tasks

 16:47 <jdstrand> * embargoed item

 16:47 <jdstrand> I'll also proxy for amurray

 16:48 <jdstrand> He says:

 16:48 <jdstrand> "I'm in the happy place this week.

 16:48 <jdstrand> This week I'm focusing on some internal work

 16:48 <jdstrand> Will also be looking at updating ceph and then moving on to other reactive package updates"

 16:48 <jdstrand> mdeslaur: you're up

 16:48 <mdeslaur> I'm in the happy place this week

 16:48 <mdeslaur> I am working on two embargoed issues

 16:49 <mdeslaur> and have a few things to finish before going on vacation

 16:49 <mdeslaur> that's about it, sbeattie, you're up

 16:49 <sbeattie> I'm also in the happy place this week.

 16:49 <sbeattie> I've got the usual bit of kernel cve triage and signoffs to do.

 16:49 <sbeattie> I'm still working on a bind9 update

 16:50 <sbeattie> Oh, and I have an openjdk for bionic update to publish

 16:50 <sbeattie> I'll try to pick up another update off the list

 16:50 <sbeattie> There's also some apparmor upstream merge requests I need to review.

 16:50 <sbeattie> That's probably it for me. jjohansen?

 16:51 <jjohansen> I have to finish up with my LSS presentation, and spends time with LSM stacking this week.

 16:51 <jjohansen> I'll sqeeze in some apparmor patch review, and maybe even some apparmor 3 patch revision.

 16:51 <jjohansen> That should pretty much consume the week

 16:51 <jjohansen> sarnold: you are up

 16:53 <jdstrand> sarnold: stepped away for a moment. let's go to chrisccoulson

 16:53 <jdstrand> s/://

 16:53 <chrisccoulson> I plan to update spidermonkey in bionic this week

 16:53 <chrisccoulson> I also want to get thunderbird 60 in the security PPA and tested, ready for the next release

 16:53 <chrisccoulson> I need to fix an upgrade issue with the rust update I did last week

 16:54 <jdstrand> chrisccoulson: regression? something else?

 16:54 <chrisccoulson> I should have enough time to take on some other stuff this week

 16:54 <chrisccoulson> jdstrand, I think I just need to fix a Breaks / Replaces somewhere to make the update from the previous version work properly

 16:55 <chrisccoulson> that's me done

 16:55 <jdstrand> leosilva: you're up (note, Mike is out today so Eduardo after you)

 16:55 <leosilva> ok

 16:55 <leosilva> I'm in the happy place this week

 16:56 <leosilva> I just finished wpa USN and I'm working on spice. Other than that I'll keep looking for other updates to do.

 16:56 <leosilva> ebarretto: it's up to you

 16:56 <ebarretto> I'm in the CVE triage this week:

 16:56 <ebarretto> - I've done already some CVE triage for today and will continue on it for this week

 16:56 <ebarretto> - I'm re-triaging some CVEs for ffmpeg

 16:56 <ebarretto> - I will update other packages ... still to be decided.

 16:57 <ebarretto> jdstrand, back to you

 16:57 <jdstrand> thanks

 16:57 <jdstrand> sarnold: chime in when you are back

 16:57 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Highlighted packages

 16:58 <jdstrand> The Ubuntu Security team suggests that contributors look into merging Debian security updates in community-supported packages. If you would like to help Ubuntu but are not sure where to start, this is a great way to do so. See http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/d2u/ for available merges and https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/UpdateProcedures for details on preparing Ubuntu security

 16:58 <jdstrand> updates. If you have any questions, feel free to ask in #ubuntu-hardened. To find out other ways of helping out, please see https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/GettingInvolved.

 16:58 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Miscellaneous and Questions

 16:58 <jdstrand> Does anyone have any other questions or items to discuss?

 16:58 <tsimonq2> Found this on Twitter: https://ubuntusecuritypodcast.org/

 16:59 <tsimonq2> It seems amurray is doing/did a podcast. :)

 16:59 <jdstrand> tsimonq2: yes, that is from our esteemed Tech Lead, amurray :)

 16:59 <tsimonq2> :D

 16:59 * jdstrand hugs amurray for doing the podcast

 16:59 <tsimonq2> Just thought I'd mention it on the record.

 17:00 <jdstrand> tsimonq2: yes, thank you. we definitely want that noted :)

 17:00 * sarnold returns

 17:00 <tsimonq2> #link https://ubuntusecuritypodcast.org

 17:00 <tsimonq2> Does that work?

 17:00 <tsimonq2> hmm

 17:00 <tsimonq2> [LINK] https://ubuntusecuritypodcast.org

 17:00 <tsimonq2> ¯\_(ツ)_/¯

 17:00 <tsimonq2> Whatever. :)

 17:01 <sarnold> I'm on community this week, working down the MIRs, still reading the gtk portal backend

 17:02 <sarnold> jdstrand: /me chimes

 17:02 <jdstrand> sarnold: hehe, thanks :)

 17:02 <jdstrand> mdeslaur, sbeattie, jjohansen, sarnold, chrisccoulson, leosilva, ebarretto, tsimonq2: thanks!

 17:02 <jdstrand> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)