== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 15 Nov at 16:01 &mdash; 16:33 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2018/ubuntu-meeting.2018-11-15-16.01.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning round ===
The discussion about "Lightning round" started at 16:03.


=== Bugs ===
The discussion about "Bugs" started at 16:17.


=== AOB ===
The discussion about "AOB" started at 16:18.

  * ''ACTION:'' rbalint to send mail informing everyone of the livecd-rootfs conversion timeline



== Vote results ==




== Action items, by person ==

 * rbalint
  * rbalint to send mail informing everyone of the livecd-rootfs conversion timeline



== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * vorlon (31)
 * bdmurray (17)
 * ubottu (11)
 * rbalint (10)
 * tobikoch (9)
 * tdaitx (8)
 * xnox (7)
 * juliank (6)
 * platonical (5)
 * doko (5)
 * fginther (5)
 * gaughen (5)
 * meetingology (4)
 * philroche (4)
 * Odd_Bloke (3)



== Full Log ==


 16:01 <vorlon> #startmeeting

 16:01 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Nov 15 16:01:43 2018 UTC.  The chair is vorlon. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:01 <meetingology> 

 16:01 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 16:03 <vorlon> [TOPIC] Lightning round

 16:03 <vorlon> $ echo $(shuf -e vorlon bdmurray xnox tdaitx doko sil2100 rbalint infinity cyphermox mwhudson rcj philroche Odd_Bloke juliank fginther platonical tobikoch)

 16:03 <vorlon> mwhudson cyphermox sil2100 infinity platonical tdaitx juliank fginther rbalint tobikoch rcj xnox doko bdmurray philroche vorlon Odd_Bloke

 16:04 <bdmurray> I think that means platonical is first

 16:05 <vorlon> hah indeed

 16:05 <vorlon> platonical:

 16:05 <platonical> * updates to livecd-rootfs

 16:05 <platonical> * cloud partner work

 16:05 <platonical> done

 16:05 <platonical> tdaitx

 16:06 <tdaitx> * uploaded openjdk-7 with 7u201 patches to the security team

 16:06 <tdaitx> * working on jtreg testcase for SRUing openjdk-8 runtime failure

 16:06 <tdaitx> * preparing upload of openjdk-8 and openjdk-lts (10, Bionic) for the security team (Debian #911847, Debian #911925, Debian #913641, LP: #1800792)

 16:06 <tdaitx> * keeping track of fixed packages in debian for openjdk-11 compatibility

 16:06 <tdaitx> * reviewed openjdk-8 and openjdk-11 roadmap (EOL is much later compared to late-2017 and early-2018 figures)

 16:06 <tdaitx> (done)

 16:06 <ubottu> Debian bug 911847 in src:openjdk-8 "openjdk-8: Backport fix to JDK-8132985: crash in freetypescaler due to double free" [Normal,Open] http://bugs.debian.org/911847

 16:06 <ubottu> Debian bug 911925 in openjdk-8-jdk "S8195874: Improve jar specification adherence breaks reverse depends build and runtime" [Important,Open] http://bugs.debian.org/911925

 16:06 <ubottu> Debian bug 913641 in libreoffice-report-builder "libreoffice-report-builder: report builder reports fail to run after S8195874 in OpenJDK" [Grave,Open] http://bugs.debian.org/913641

 16:06 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1800792 in openjdk-8 (Ubuntu) "Update to 8u181-b13-1ubuntu0.18.04.1 breaks Maven builds" [Undecided,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1800792

 16:06 <tdaitx> juliank: go!

 16:06 <juliank> * syncs: fakeroot

 16:06 <juliank> * merges: wget, packagekit, libgcrypt20, kbd

 16:06 <juliank> * apt prereleases (bug 1787460, failed attempt for bug 1801338, amongst other things)

 16:06 <ubottu> bug 1787460 in linux-meta-hwe (Ubuntu) "Unattended upgrades removed linux-image-generic" [Critical,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1787460

 16:06 <juliank> * still trying to figure out how to get aptitude to build in C++17, which it requires in 0.8.11 (so we don't get stuck on 0.8.10)

 16:06 <ubottu> bug 1801338 in apt (Ubuntu Cosmic) "apt fails to properly handle server-side connection closure" [Undecided,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1801338

 16:06 <juliank> * networkd-dispatcher new upstream release 2.0-0ubuntu1

 16:06 <juliank> (done)

 16:08 <xnox> fginther, ?

 16:08 <vorlon> fginther:

 16:08 <platonical> hes afk atm

 16:08 <vorlon> ok

 16:08 <vorlon> rbalint:

 16:08 <rbalint> (short and slow week due to minor injury)

 16:08 <rbalint> * found and fixed LP: #1803391

 16:08 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1803391 in systemd (Ubuntu Disco) "Systemd update installation hangs in unattended-upgrades InstallOnShutdown mode" [High,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1803391

 16:08 <rbalint> * prepared unattended-upgrade SRU for all releases starting with Xenial with a lot of regression testing and documenting the regressions

 16:08 <doko> tdaitx: is there a document about the openjdk-11 compat packages?

 16:09 <rbalint> * paving the way for mass bzr -> git conversion in https://code.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-core-dev/+git/bzr-git-mass-convert

 16:09 <rbalint> (done)

 16:09 <tobikoch> * Things related to parallelized image builds

 16:09 <tobikoch> * Point-in-time fixing of snap versions in image builds

 16:09 <tobikoch> * Turning mfdiff into a reusable component

 16:09 <tobikoch> * Pseudo vanguarding

 16:09 <tobikoch> (done)

 16:09 <tobikoch> rcj:

 16:09 <tobikoch> sorry, rcj is presenting in another meeting.

 16:09 <tobikoch> xnox:

 16:09 <xnox> * subiquity s390x - it builds, it boots, it installs but only on qemu

 16:09 <xnox> * preparing systemd SRU with linear history

 16:09 <xnox> * boost1.67 transition started in debian

 16:09 <xnox> done

 16:09 <fginther> sorry

 16:10 <fginther> * Cloud partner face to face

 16:10 <tdaitx> doko: I have a trello card + a personal list in keep, I'll be moving those into our openjdk doc

 16:10 <doko> ta

 16:10 <fginther> * Manager stuff

 16:10 <fginther> (done)

 16:10 <doko> - just involved in merges in transitons, currently no other stuff

 16:10 <doko> - and python3.7 done

 16:10 <doko> (done)

 16:11 <xnox> fginther, Manager's stuff?!

 16:11 <rbalint> fginther, window manager stuff :-)

 16:11 <vorlon> bdmurray:

 16:11 <bdmurray> worked on modifing ET charm / spec to setup telegraf config

 16:11 <bdmurray> started writing test crash verifier for Error Tracker

 16:11 <bdmurray> fixed daisy bug w/ staging.launchpad.net LP: #1793735

 16:11 <bdmurray> submitted RT re: updating daisy code for the above

 16:11 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1793735 in Errors "create bug link uses staging.launchpad.net" [High,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1793735

 16:11 <bdmurray> special sru reviews of debootstrap, grub2

 16:11 <bdmurray> package to team mapping work / nagging

 16:11 <bdmurray> uploaded cosmic, bionic SRUs for LP: #1797384

 16:11 <bdmurray> submitted ubuntu-archive-tools MP fixing LP: #1720249

 16:11 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1797384 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu Cosmic) "release upgrader has no icon in gnome-shell dock" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1797384

 16:11 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1720249 in ubuntu-archive-tools "sru-report: Color code Incomplete bugs differently" [Undecided,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1720249

 16:11 <bdmurray> resolved update-notifier autopkgtest failures

 16:11 <bdmurray> modified bugbot to handle ROS ppa upgrade failures

 16:11 <bdmurray> performed SRU verification of grub bug LP: #1788727

 16:11 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1788727 in grub2 (Ubuntu Bionic) "upgrade crashing due to unsigned kernels" [High,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1788727

 16:11 <bdmurray> âœ” done

 16:12 <bdmurray> philroche:

 16:12 <philroche> * F2F meetings with partners

 16:13 <philroche> * Cloud image build system changes

 16:13 <philroche> * Cloud image build system vanguard

 16:13 <philroche> (done)

 16:13 <bdmurray> vorlon:

 16:13 <vorlon> * short week, was off Monday for US holiday

 16:13 <vorlon> * subiquity on z planning

 16:13 <vorlon> * disco proposed-migration transitions

 16:13 <vorlon> * lots of kernel SRU processing while others are at Plumbers

 16:13 <vorlon> * off next Thu/Fri (Thanksgiving)

 16:13 <vorlon> (done)

 16:13 <vorlon> Odd_Bloke:

 16:14 <Odd_Bloke> * Cloud image vanguard

 16:15 <Odd_Bloke> * Sorting out some issues with new CPC Jenkins slaves

 16:15 <Odd_Bloke> (done)

 16:15 <vorlon> any questions over status?

 16:17 <vorlon> [TOPIC] Bugs

 16:17 <vorlon> bdmurray:

 16:17 <bdmurray> no news here

 16:18 <vorlon> ok

 16:18 <vorlon> [TOPIC] AOB

 16:18 <vorlon> anything else this week?

 16:18 <bdmurray> I also am out Thu Fri of next week

 16:18 <gaughen> vorlon, have we sorted out the plan for systemd and u-u, xnox and rbalint?

 16:18 <rbalint> is there anyone switching over to https://code.launchpad.net/~rbalint/+git/livecd-rootfs

 16:19 <xnox> gaughen, i believe we have sorted the systemd patch to upload. not involved in the u-u plan of sru, etc.

 16:19 <gaughen> rbalint, why would anyone switch to that?

 16:19 <gaughen> xnox, do we need to expedite it?

 16:19 <rbalint> gaughen, i mean to the content, not to the url

 16:20 <vorlon> gaughen: I saw rbalint say he had a patch that works, so I didn't see the need to dig any deeper

 16:20 <rbalint> so it would be  git+ssh://git.launchpad.net/livecd-rootfs

 16:20 <gaughen> cpc-help ^^

 16:25 <vorlon> fwiw we do have a variety of open MPs against several of the branches: https://code.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-core-dev/livecd-rootfs/trunk/+activereviews https://code.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-core-dev/livecd-rootfs/bionic-proposed/+activereviews https://code.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-core-dev/livecd-rootfs/xenial-proposed/+activereviews

 16:25 <vorlon> (16, 3, 1)

 16:29 <vorlon> so per backchannel discussion :), it sounds like we are targetting Dec 12 for this bzr->git conversion

 16:29 <vorlon> in order to give us time to quiesce the queue of outstanding MPs

 16:29 <vorlon> [ACTION] rbalint to send mail informing everyone of the livecd-rootfs conversion timeline

 16:29 * meetingology rbalint to send mail informing everyone of the livecd-rootfs conversion timeline

 16:30 <rbalint> (we may pick several other repos to convert on 12th)

 16:31 <fginther> tobikoch, ^ bzr->git for livecd-rootfs. we should work to get as much merged as possible (not that you aren't already working toward this :) )

 16:32 <tobikoch> fginther: ack

 16:32 <vorlon> ok, anything else?

 16:33 <gaughen> not from me

 16:33 <vorlon> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)