== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 14 Jun at 15:01 &mdash; 15:35 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2018/ubuntu-meeting.2018-06-14-15.01.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning round ===
The discussion about "Lightning round" started at 15:02.

  * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/libica/+bug/1776194 
  * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/opencryptoki/+bug/1776210 
  * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/openssl-ibmca/+bug/1776209 
  * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/libocxl/+bug/1771813 

=== Bugs ===
The discussion about "Bugs" started at 15:18.


=== AOB ===
The discussion about "AOB" started at 15:23.

  * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.debian.org/cgi-bin/bugreport.cgi?bug=901406 



== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * slangasek (43)
 * sil2100 (20)
 * bdmurray (17)
 * cyphermox (15)
 * doko (15)
 * ubottu (15)
 * xnox (14)
 * tdaitx (8)
 * rbalint (7)
 * philroche (7)
 * Odd_Bloke (7)
 * fginther (6)
 * juliank (4)
 * gaughen (4)
 * meetingology (3)
 * rcj (3)
 * cjwatson (2)



== Full Log ==


 15:01 <slangasek> #startmeeting

 15:01 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Jun 14 15:01:30 2018 UTC.  The chair is slangasek. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 15:01 <meetingology> 

 15:01 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 15:02 <gaughen> \o

 15:02 <slangasek> [TOPIC] Lightning round

 15:02 <slangasek> $ echo $(shuf -e slangasek bdmurray xnox tdaitx doko sil2100 rbalint infinity cyphermox mwhudson rcj philroche Odd_Bloke juliank fginther)

 15:02 <slangasek> rbalint cyphermox bdmurray fginther philroche doko juliank tdaitx infinity mwhudson sil2100 slangasek Odd_Bloke xnox rcj

 15:02 <slangasek> rbalint: hullo

 15:04 <rbalint> (short week)

 15:04 <rbalint> * updated gce-compute-image-packages in trusty-proposed

 15:04 <rbalint> * verified LP: #1771823 on my hw

 15:04 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1771823 in linux (Ubuntu Cosmic) "Please include ax88179_178a and r8152 modules in d-i udeb" [Medium,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1771823

 15:04 <rbalint> * multiple unattended-upgrades fixes

 15:04 <rbalint> (done)

 15:04 <cyphermox> - shim-review: Isoo (Deepin?), Oracle Solaris.

 15:04 <cyphermox> - initramfs-tools SRUs to x, a, b for netplan support & remote root

 15:04 <cyphermox> - finishing shim/shim-signed SRU to trusty for shim-13

 15:04 <cyphermox> - still fighting haskell transition (cryptonite, cipher-aes) to unblock pandoc

 15:04 <cyphermox> - debugging possible tg3 / bonding issue in netplan

 15:04 <cyphermox> - really fix update-manager's 100% cpu bug (bug LP: #1637180)

 15:04 <cyphermox> - SRU shim-signed fixes for password, debconf capb (bug LP: #1770579, bug LP: #1767091)

 15:04 <cyphermox> - investigate ENOSPC errors for efiboomgr + detecting BootOrderLock issues

 15:05 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1637180 in update-manager (Ubuntu Artful) ""The computer needs to restart" dialog constantly eats CPU" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1637180

 15:05 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1770579 in shim-signed (Ubuntu Bionic) "Failure to quote variable containing secureboot password (errors out with whitespace) package shim-signed 1.34.9+13-0ubuntu2 failed to install/upgrade: installed shim-signed package post-installation script subprocess returned error exit status 2" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1770579

 15:05 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1767091 in shim-signed (Ubuntu) "package shim-signed 1.34.9+13-0ubuntu2 failed to install/upgrade: installed shim-signed package post-installation script subprocess returned error exit status 30" [High,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1767091

 15:05 <cyphermox> (done)

 15:05 <bdmurray> submitted test crash reports to devops ET env with different Cassandra server

 15:05 <bdmurray> reviewed testing of devops ET env with different Cassandra server (good)

 15:05 <bdmurray> tested removing cassandra application from devops ET env (good)

 15:05 <bdmurray> updated mojo spec to utilize new DSE version string, 5.1, so there is thrift support

 15:05 <bdmurray> investigation into hung retracers

 15:05 <bdmurray> modified daisy to kick kodi and mysql-workbench crashes to the end of line

 15:05 <bdmurray> duplicate consolidation of LP: #1768379 (py3clean not found)

 15:05 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1768379 in python3-defaults (Ubuntu) "python3-minimal should depend on versioned version of python3-minimal" [Critical,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1768379

 15:05 <bdmurray> notified derivatives regarding fixing LP: #1750465

 15:05 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1750465 in ubuntu-mate-artwork (Ubuntu Xenial) "upgrade attempting to process triggers out of order (package plymouth-theme-ubuntu-text 0.9.2-3ubuntu17 failed to install/upgrade: dependency problems - leaving triggers unprocessed)" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1750465

 15:05 <bdmurray> talked to slangasek about slow boot bugs again

 15:05 <bdmurray> review of package to team mapping and unowned packages / teams

 15:05 <bdmurray> reviewed trigger changes between xenial and bionic created list to fix

 15:05 <bdmurray> âœ” done

 15:05 <bdmurray> uploaded lsvpd for 18.04 fixing lsmcode (LP: #1751986)

 15:05 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1751986 in lsvpd (Ubuntu Bionic) "[LTCTest][OPAL][OP920] lsmcode -A is not showing any output" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1751986

 15:06 <fginther> * Build system vanguard

 15:06 <fginther> * Pushing latest releases out the door

 15:06 <fginther> * Minor fixes to build and publish tools

 15:06 <fginther> * Minimal image KVM testing

 15:06 <fginther> âœ” done

 15:06 <fginther> philroche:

 15:06 <philroche> * Team sprint last week

 15:06 <philroche> * Monday OoO

 15:06 <philroche> * gce-compute-image-packages verification

 15:06 <philroche> * Minimal image simplestreams

 15:06 <philroche> * CPC build system vanguard

 15:06 <philroche> (done)

 15:06 <philroche> doko:

 15:07 <doko> - reduce gcc ICE found in chromium build

 15:07 <doko> - gcc-7 / gcc-8 uploads

 15:07 <doko> - python 3.6.6 and 3.7.0 release candidates

 15:07 <doko> - some transition rebuilds

 15:07 <doko> - proposed is still a mess

 15:07 <doko> - binutils trunk builds, prepare for release in late June

 15:07 <doko> (done)

 15:07 <juliank> verified an upgrade trigger bug, fixing locking issues in python-apt, fixed locking issue in apt, toying with new apt solvers

 15:07 <juliank> no time for newlines :/

 15:07 <juliank> (done)

 15:08 <juliank> (might have missed something, too jetlagged past days to remember it all)

 15:08 <sil2100> No infinity I guess?

 15:09 <sil2100> tdaitx: your turn!

 15:09 <tdaitx> short week: out on Monday

 15:09 <tdaitx> * JCK 8:

 15:09 <tdaitx> - reviewing the old code & alternatives

 15:09 <tdaitx> - doing jck-sample runs in lxc in the same jenkins slave

 15:09 <tdaitx> * Quick review and sorting out pending tasks from the sprint (ca-certificates sru, scaling, debug symbols for error tracker)

 15:09 <tdaitx> * Other:

 15:09 <tdaitx> - still working mostly under PDT

 15:09 <tdaitx> (done)

 15:09 <sil2100> - SRU reviews and releases

 15:09 <sil2100> - Releasing previous kernel cycle, starting the review of a new cycle

 15:09 <sil2100> - security-britney:

 15:09 <sil2100> * Follow up on mojo spec review, prepare fixes

 15:09 <sil2100> * Get stuff deployed, iterate on things not working on wendigo

 15:09 <sil2100> - core18:

 15:09 <sil2100> * Various PR reviews

 15:09 <sil2100> * Adding systemd-sysv for reboot/shutdown support

 15:09 <sil2100> * Preparing console-conf changes to not hard-code the '16' core version number (to support core18)

 15:09 <sil2100> * Testing to make sure console-conf works as expected

 15:09 <sil2100> - ubuntu-image classic raspi3:

 15:09 <sil2100> * Work on fixing some of the broken cosmic autopkgtests

 15:09 <sil2100> * Preparing a new haschangelog test-case that would work-around the github API rate limit

 15:10 <sil2100> * Preparing a trimmed down livecd-rootfs package for just the raspi3 rootfs prep

 15:10 <sil2100> - Investigating cosmic ubuntu images falling back to grub prompt after d-i based installations

 15:10 <sil2100> - NEW reviews of ndctl and pmdk

 15:10 <sil2100> - Kicking Bileto to not 401 on swift uploads once again

 15:10 <sil2100> (done)

 15:10 <slangasek> * team sprint last week in Portland, lots of things done

 15:10 <slangasek> * looking at openssh added to the server seed, to merge server and cloud seeds

 15:10 <slangasek> * looking at cloud-init warnings about locales now that we're C.UTF-8 only

 15:10 <slangasek> * writing a systemd unit to create a container to install a package

 15:10 <slangasek> * fixed initramfs-tools generating wrong resume lines for random-crypt swap

 15:10 <slangasek> * misc SRU work

 15:11 <slangasek> (done)

 15:11 <slangasek> Odd_Bloke:

 15:12 <Odd_Bloke> * Sprint last week, swap day Monday

 15:12 <Odd_Bloke> * Out tomorrow

 15:12 <Odd_Bloke> * Minimal image debugging and fixing

 15:12 <Odd_Bloke> * Working on moving GCE promotion to new build system

 15:12 <Odd_Bloke> * Worked on reintroducing the root tarball to streams (for cosmic) (LP: #1585233)

 15:12 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1585233 in cloud-images "Provide -root.tar.xz for bionic and later" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1585233

 15:12 <Odd_Bloke> * Bunch o' meetings

 15:12 <Odd_Bloke> (done)

 15:13 <xnox> Fighting jetlag

 15:13 <xnox> Following up on actions from sprint

 15:13 <xnox> Upgrading crypto stacks for power/s390x

 15:13 <xnox> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/libica/+bug/1776194

 15:13 <xnox> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/opencryptoki/+bug/1776210

 15:13 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1776194 in Ubuntu on IBM z Systems "[18.10 FEAT] Upgrade libica >=3.3.3" [High,Fix released]

 15:13 <xnox> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/openssl-ibmca/+bug/1776209

 15:13 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1776210 in Ubuntu on IBM z Systems "[18.10 FEAT] Upgrade opencryptoki >=3.10.0" [High,Fix released]

 15:13 <xnox> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/libocxl/+bug/1771813

 15:13 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1776209 in Ubuntu on IBM z Systems "[18.10 FEAT] Upgrade openssl-ibmca >=2.0.0" [High,Fix committed]

 15:13 <xnox> ðŸŒˆ

 15:13 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1771813 in libocxl (Ubuntu Bionic) "[Ubuntu 18.10 FEAT] new libocxl library" [Medium,In progress]

 15:15 <bdmurray> rcj: ?

 15:15 <rcj> * Published Ubuntu Node OS images for Amazon EKS https://cloud-images.ubuntu.com/docs/aws/eks/

 15:16 <rcj> * Enabled snap pre-seeding for livecd-rootfs in xenial  2.408.33

 15:16 <rcj> (done)

 15:16 <slangasek> any questions on status?

 15:16 <gaughen> slangasek, one comment

 15:16 <gaughen> I love the rainbow.

 15:16 <gaughen> that is all.

 15:17 <slangasek> :)

 15:18 <slangasek> [TOPIC] Bugs

 15:19 <slangasek> bdmurray: anything that warrants discussing here?

 15:19 <bdmurray> jibel brought up bug 1768230

 15:19 <ubottu> bug 1768230 in initramfs-tools (Ubuntu) "Long time booting : Failed to connect to lvmetad. Falling back to device scanning." [Undecided,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1768230

 15:20 <xnox> the answer is switch to dracut, use systemd in initrd, such that we can launch lvmetad daemon

 15:20 <xnox> i'm sure slangasek is down with that

 15:20 <slangasek> I'm sorry I wasn't listening I was sharpening this shiv

 15:21 <slangasek> bdmurray: how about if I take that one to look at

 15:22 <bdmurray> slangasek: sounds good, that might be my issue if that helps

 15:22 <slangasek> ok

 15:23 <bdmurray> slangasek: that's it from me

 15:23 <slangasek> alright

 15:23 <slangasek> [TOPIC] AOB

 15:23 <slangasek> anything else?

 15:24 <doko> proposed ...

 15:24 <doko> ... is a mess

 15:24 <slangasek> yes

 15:24 <doko> should we disable autosyncs for a while? only makes sense if people are committing to clean up things

 15:25 <xnox> doko, true that

 15:25 <xnox> doko, hold hostage, until bonuses are done.

 15:25 <slangasek> doko: any pointers regarding what needs looked at currently?

 15:25 <cyphermox> haskell

 15:25 <cyphermox> ?

 15:26 <doko> it's r-base, openmpi, haskell

 15:26 <doko> and probably more

 15:26 <slangasek> ugh

 15:26 <slangasek> can we remove haskell?

 15:26 <cyphermox> if anyone has more knowledge of {haskell U crypto U alignment}

 15:26 <doko> isn't the transition tracker wirtten in hascall?

 15:26 <doko> or was that ocaml

 15:27 <slangasek> ocaml

 15:27 <slangasek> but I'm ok with removing that too ;)

 15:29 <slangasek> so it sounds like I'll plan to do some digging into haskell crypto armhf today

 15:29 <cyphermox> https://bugs.debian.org/cgi-bin/bugreport.cgi?bug=901406

 15:29 <ubottu> Debian bug 901406 in src:haskell-cipher-aes "haskell-cipher-aes: unaligned access on arm64 kernel (armhf binary) segfauts during testsuite" [Serious,Open]

 15:29 <doko> and ginggs already requested to remove some openmpi stuff for armhf

 15:32 <xnox> slangasek, https://www.kernel.org/doc/Documentation/arm/mem_alignment i thought /proc/cpu/alignment should work, no?

 15:32 <slangasek> last call

 15:32 <slangasek> vorlon@rugby:~$ cat /proc/cpu/alignment

 15:32 <slangasek> cat: /proc/cpu/alignment: No such file or directory

 15:32 <slangasek> xnox: ^^ :P

 15:32 <slangasek> not present on our arm64 kernels

 15:32 <slangasek> which is where the SIGBUS happens

 15:33 <cjwatson> yeah that's a 32-bit-only thing

 15:33 <cjwatson> compare https://bugs.launchpad.net/launchpad-buildd/+bug/1516331

 15:33 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1516331 in launchpad-buildd "please set /proc/cpu/alignment=4 on Launchpad ARM buildd kernels" [Undecided,Fix released]

 15:33 <slangasek> the problem is the chips really don't want to help you with this given that 32-bit is a compatibility mode

 15:33 <xnox> slangasek, and i guess kernel cmdline alignment= wouldn't work either?!

 15:33 <rbalint> r-cran-memoise may crash in autopkgtest for the same reason

 15:33 <rbalint> on armhf

 15:33 <slangasek> and thus the kernel doesn't have an implementation for trapping+fixup either AFAIK

 15:34 <slangasek> anyway, to be investigated

 15:34 <slangasek> rbalint: R is on its own

 15:34 <slangasek> :)

 15:34 <cyphermox> slangasek: fwiw, both cryptonite and cipher-aes are in my homedir, if you want to have a look

 15:34 <slangasek> cyphermox: ack, thanks

 15:34 <cyphermox> (and built/building so we can just run tests)

 15:35 <slangasek> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)