== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 21 May at 16:32 &mdash; 16:45 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2018/ubuntu-meeting.2018-05-21-16.32.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting 
=== Announcements ===
The discussion about "Announcements" started at 16:32.


=== Weekly stand-up report ===
The discussion about "Weekly stand-up report" started at 16:33.


=== Highlighted packages ===
The discussion about "Highlighted packages" started at 16:42.


=== Miscellaneous and Questions ===
The discussion about "Miscellaneous and Questions" started at 16:43.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * ratliff (18)
 * jdstrand (8)
 * sbeattie (5)
 * leosilva (4)
 * chrisccoulson (4)
 * jjohansen1 (3)
 * meetingology (3)
 * sarnold (2)
 * ubottu (1)



== Full Log ==


 16:32 <ratliff> #startmeeting

 16:32 <meetingology> Meeting started Mon May 21 16:32:35 2018 UTC.  The chair is ratliff. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:32 <meetingology> 

 16:32 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 16:32 <ratliff> The meeting agenda can be found at:

 16:32 <ratliff> [LINK] https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting

 16:32 <ratliff> [TOPIC] Announcements

 16:33 <ratliff> There are no announcements this week.

 16:33 <ratliff> [TOPIC] Weekly stand-up report

 16:33 <ratliff> jdstrand: you're up

 16:34 <jdstrand> hi!

 16:34 <jdstrand> This week I plan to work on:

 16:34 <jdstrand> - look into options for linkat/apparmor bug #1772097

 16:34 <jdstrand> - miscellaneous policy updates

 16:34 <jdstrand> - resquashfs failures (followup with upstream, review-tools updates, etc)

 16:34 <jdstrand> - anbox-support interface

 16:35 <jdstrand> - finish part ii of phase 1 of snap USNs

 16:35 <jdstrand> sbeattie: you're up

 16:35 <ubottu> bug 1772097 in AppArmor "apparmor 'l' denial when using linkat() with attach_disconnected" [High,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1772097

 16:35 <sbeattie> fI'm on bug triage this week

 16:35 <sbeattie> I've got an embargoed issue to deal with

 16:36 <sbeattie> I've got the usual set of kernel triage bits to do, and catch up on some apparmor reviews.

 16:36 <sbeattie> And I need to pick up an update or two.

 16:36 <sbeattie> jjohansen1: you're up

 16:37 <jjohansen1> I will be reviewing some LSM stacking and apparmor networking patches

 16:38 <jjohansen1> I have some conference prep to do, and then I will be traveling and at a conference for the last 3? (5 days of the week)

 16:38 <jjohansen1> that is it for me, sarnold you are up

 16:39 <sarnold> I'm in the happy place this week; I'll finish the gce-compute-image-packages mir, start in on profiling some pcp daemons, and read apparmor patches as I can; I also hope to make some progress on applying to debconf

 16:39 <sarnold> I think that's it for me, .. chrisccoulson?

 16:39 <chrisccoulson> I've got a thunderbird update to do and a chromium update to test and publish

 16:40 <chrisccoulson> other than that, I'm doing the rust 1.26.0 update. Once I've overcome the first hurdle and figured out why it doesn't build on any architecture, no doubt it will delight me with other issues to investigate

 16:41 <chrisccoulson> realistically, that's probably going to be my entire week

 16:41 <chrisccoulson> that's me done

 16:41 <ratliff> I'm on CVE triage this week.

 16:41 <ratliff> I have some internal work to do and work on an embargoed issue.

 16:41 <ratliff> over to you, leosilva

 16:42 <leosilva> I'm in happy place this week

 16:42 <leosilva> I have a xdg update to USN in few minutes.

 16:42 <leosilva> other than that I'm researching for cves/pkgs to udpate.

 16:42 <leosilva> ratliff: it's back to yu

 16:42 <ratliff> thanks!

 16:42 <ratliff> [TOPIC] Highlighted packages

 16:42 <ratliff> The Ubuntu Security team suggests that contributors look into merging Debian security updates in community-supported packages. If you would like to help Ubuntu but are not sure where to start, this is a great way to do so.

 16:43 <ratliff> See http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/d2u/ for available merges and https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/UpdateProcedures for details on preparing Ubuntu security updates. If you have any questions, feel free to ask in #ubuntu-hardened. To find out other ways of helping out, please see https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/GettingInvolved.

 16:43 <ratliff> [TOPIC] Miscellaneous and Questions

 16:43 <ratliff> Does anyone have any other questions or items to discuss?

 16:45 <ratliff> jdstrand, sbeattie, jjohansen, sarnold, chrisccoulson, leosilva: Thanks!

 16:45 <ratliff> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)