== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting: Community Council meeting: 20180104, 04 Jan at 17:33 &mdash; 19:31 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2018/ubuntu-meeting.2018-01-04-17.33.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Progress from last meeting ===
The discussion about "Progress from last meeting" started at 17:34.

 * '''wiki discussion''' (17:34)
  * ''ACTION:'' @popey will produce a basic post on the Hub about the wiki, with a more extensive one to follow
 * '''LoCo Council update''' (17:39)
 * '''2018 Q1 events''' (17:40)
  * ''ACTION:'' @wxl to invite LoCo Council to next meeting to hang out
  * ''ACTION:'' @jose to get the LoCo Council to provide a list of global events happening soon, with the goal of then having the CC picking an event to feature
 * '''monthly community member''' (17:53)
  * ''ACTION:'' @ahoneybun to create a hub post call for nominations for monthly community member.
  * ''ACTION:'' @wxl to add an agenda topic to next meeting concerned whether or not we should consider the hub as the only source for communication, with @elopio and @jose heading up the dicussion
 * '''Google Code-In update''' (18:23)
  * ''LINK:'' https://gci-leaders.netlify.com 
  * ''ACTION:'' EVERYONE to reach out to their community for any other ideas for Google Code-In tasks.
 * '''report on why CC list is not moderated''' (18:39)
  * ''ACTION:'' @wxl to explore with IS the possibility of modifying the default moderation message
 * '''Hub federation to Planet''' (18:51)
  * ''ACTION:'' @flexiondotorg to report back on the possibility of federating the Hub to Planet Ubuntu
 * '''CC resources''' (18:53)
  * ''ACTION:'' @wxl to check in on the status of the Ubuntu Weekly Newsletter
 * '''GSoC application''' (18:58)
  * ''ACTION:'' @popey @elopio @flexiondotorg to put their heads together to evaluate the possibility of applying for GSoC.
 * '''changing meeting time and/or duration''' (19:06)
  * ''ACTION:'' @ahoneybun @flexiondotorg @marcoceppi @sabdfl to vote on whether or not to change the 2 hour meeting to 1 hour
  * ''ACTION:'' @marcoceppi @ahoneybun @flexiondotorg @sabdfl to vote on changing the meeting time from 17 to 18 UTC

=== Review Code of Conduct bugs ===
The discussion about "Review Code of Conduct bugs" started at 19:21.

  * ''LINK:'' https://community.ubuntu.com/t/community-council-meeting-20171207/2851 
  * ''ACTION:'' @elopio to create a document how to lead the meetings, including dealing with postings and such



== Vote results ==




== Action items, by person ==

 * ahoneybun
  * @ahoneybun to create a hub post call for nominations for monthly community member.
  * @ahoneybun @flexiondotorg @marcoceppi @sabdfl to vote on whether or not to change the 2 hour meeting to 1 hour
  * @marcoceppi @ahoneybun @flexiondotorg @sabdfl to vote on changing the meeting time from 17 to 18 UTC
 * elopio
  * @wxl to add an agenda topic to next meeting concerned whether or not we should consider the hub as the only source for communication, with @elopio and @jose heading up the dicussion
  * @popey @elopio @flexiondotorg to put their heads together to evaluate the possibility of applying for GSoC.
  * @elopio to create a document how to lead the meetings, including dealing with postings and such
 * flexiondotorg
  * @flexiondotorg to report back on the possibility of federating the Hub to Planet Ubuntu
  * @popey @elopio @flexiondotorg to put their heads together to evaluate the possibility of applying for GSoC.
  * @ahoneybun @flexiondotorg @marcoceppi @sabdfl to vote on whether or not to change the 2 hour meeting to 1 hour
  * @marcoceppi @ahoneybun @flexiondotorg @sabdfl to vote on changing the meeting time from 17 to 18 UTC
 * jose
  * @jose to get the LoCo Council to provide a list of global events happening soon, with the goal of then having the CC picking an event to feature
  * @wxl to add an agenda topic to next meeting concerned whether or not we should consider the hub as the only source for communication, with @elopio and @jose heading up the dicussion
 * marcoceppi
  * @ahoneybun @flexiondotorg @marcoceppi @sabdfl to vote on whether or not to change the 2 hour meeting to 1 hour
  * @marcoceppi @ahoneybun @flexiondotorg @sabdfl to vote on changing the meeting time from 17 to 18 UTC
 * popey
  * @popey will produce a basic post on the Hub about the wiki, with a more extensive one to follow
  * @popey @elopio @flexiondotorg to put their heads together to evaluate the possibility of applying for GSoC.
 * wxl
  * @wxl to invite LoCo Council to next meeting to hang out
  * @wxl to add an agenda topic to next meeting concerned whether or not we should consider the hub as the only source for communication, with @elopio and @jose heading up the dicussion
  * @wxl to explore with IS the possibility of modifying the default moderation message
  * @wxl to check in on the status of the Ubuntu Weekly Newsletter



== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * wxl (224)
 * jose (69)
 * elopio (53)
 * ahoneybun (26)
 * popey (23)
 * meetingology (16)
 * marcoceppi (5)
 * tsimonq2 (2)
 * flexiondotorg (1)



== Full Log ==


 17:33 <wxl> #startmeeting Community Council meeting: 20180104

 17:33 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Jan  4 17:33:07 2018 UTC.  The chair is wxl. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 17:33 <meetingology> 

 17:33 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 17:33 <wxl> as aforementioned, agenda is https://community.ubuntu.com/t/call-for-topics-community-council-meeting-20180104/2793

 17:33 <elopio> thanks for preparing it wxl.

 17:34 <wxl> no problem

 17:34 <wxl> i'm a little rusty with meetingology so bear with me

 17:34 <wxl> if there's anything you want to add to the agenda, now's the time. get it in at the bottom

 17:34 <wxl> #topic Progress from last meeting

 17:34 <wxl> #subtopic wiki discussion

 17:35 <wxl> i believe elacheche (who is currently on the phone) and popey were going to start a discussion about the wiki. i haven't seen anything on the hub yet.

 17:36 <wxl> perhaps someone else might want to start the discussion and then they can join in later?

 17:36 <popey> Yeah, it's not happened yet. I'll ping elacheche when they're around and we'll kick it off now the holidays are over

 17:36 <elopio> I wouldn't feel confident starting this discussion. Looking at how popey handled the hub, I'm happy to wait for when he's ready to start the wiki topic.

 17:37 <wxl> from what i read in the old notes, popey, it seems like you wanted to kind of provide an exhaustive history. maybe a simple summary might be a good place to start?

 17:37 <popey> Sure

 17:37 <wxl> in any case, it's obviously tabled, so we'll just deal with it next time

 17:38 <wxl> i'll move on unless someone else has thoughts on this?

 17:39 <wxl> #action @popey will produce a basic post on the Hub about the wiki, with a more extensive one to follow

 17:39 * meetingology @popey will produce a basic post on the Hub about the wiki, with a more extensive one to follow

 17:39 <wxl> #subtopic LoCo Council update

 17:40 <wxl> AFAIK nothing to tell here. I've watched over them a bit and they seem to be doing great. Had a huge number of re-verifications to deal with and dealt with them marvelously.

 17:40 <wxl> any questions? otherwise i'm moving on.

 17:40 <wxl> #subtopic 2018 Q1 events

 17:41 <wxl> this one's yours ahoneybun

 17:41 <elopio> wxl: maybe, just one action to invite them to the next meeting? Or the one in feb.

 17:41 <ahoneybun> are we talking about conferences? or what?

 17:41 <wxl> elopio: to explicitly deal with some particular thing or just to hang out?

 17:42 <wxl> no, i think it's more about planning and announcing ubuntu events. let me dig through logs

 17:42 <flexiondotorg> I've just added an agenda item about LFNW.

 17:42 <elopio> wxl: just hang out.

 17:42 <wxl> #action @wxl to invite LoCo Council to next meeting to hang out

 17:42 * meetingology @wxl to invite LoCo Council to next meeting to hang out

 17:43 <ahoneybun> are we planning more UbuCons or maybe one at LFNW with that new agenda item?

 17:44 <wxl> oh i'm sorry

 17:44 <wxl> this is UCADay

 17:44 <wxl> maybe?

 17:44 <wxl> wait

 17:44 <wxl> sorry this confusing :)

 17:44 <ahoneybun> no that happened already

 17:44 <wxl> look here https://community.ubuntu.com/t/community-council-meeting-20171207/2851

 17:45 <wxl> there's an action item that mentions our next item and has you associated with it ahoneybun and also includes an item to "plan and list global evenets for the 2018 Q1"

 17:45 <wxl> so that may not actually be yours

 17:45 <ahoneybun> ahhh

 17:45 <wxl> but it's not clear anyone actually owned that

 17:46 <wxl> looking at the logs https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2017/ubuntu-meeting.2017-12-07-17.01.moin.txt

 17:46 <ahoneybun> I think it's a group action

 17:46 <wxl> it seems there was a discussion about Global Jams, etc.

 17:46 <ahoneybun> mine was the monthly community member highlight

 17:46 <wxl> yeah we'll get to that next :)

 17:46 <ahoneybun> yay Global James

 17:46 <jose> yep so

 17:46 <jose> last time we discussed having a 'featured event of the quarter'

 17:46 <wxl> is there someone that can at least produce a list of all of teh potential events so we can start working on planning?

 17:47 <ahoneybun> I don't have much since I've been out of it for life

 17:47 <wxl> that might be more managable

 17:47 <wxl> we can take them one at a time

 17:47 <jose> basically, we'd source a list of events from the LC and then we'd work with the LC to make one of them the 'featured event of the quarter'

 17:48 <ahoneybun> +1 featured events of the quarter

 17:48 <jose> do we want to start that for Q1? or push it to Q2?

 17:48 <wxl> well i'm also thinking it's probably on our shoulders to announce the larger events

 17:48 <wxl> like Global Jam itself, for example

 17:48 <jose> if we want to start it for Q1, does the LC have enough events or a global event we can feature?

 17:48 <jose> UGJs are on the LC

 17:48 <wxl> ah and you mean events in general

 17:49 <wxl> such as Ubuntu Hours, install fests, general get togethers

 17:49 <elopio> personally, I would like to focus next on translations.

 17:49 <elopio> I can plan something for march or april, together with the locos.

 17:49 <wxl> ok well let's not jumble up too much here

 17:50 <jose> yep, leaving planning aside

 17:50 <jose> 1.- can the LC provide a list of global events happening soon

 17:50 <jose> if not, then let's push it for Q2

 17:50 <wxl> +1

 17:50 <wxl> jose, would you get in touch with them and get a list?

 17:50 <jose> if they can, 2.- let's discuss it in the meeting we'll have with them to figure out the featured event of the quarter

 17:50 <jose> sure

 17:51 <jose> now, ideally, we'd work on the Q2 event during Q1, Q3 during Q2, and so on

 17:51 <jose> so we're a tad late, but we can make it work

 17:51 <wxl> ok

 17:51 <jose> I'll get the gears moving on my side

 17:51 <wxl> #action @jose to get the LoCo Council to provide a list of global events happening soon, with the goal of then having the CC picking an event to feature

 17:51 * meetingology @jose to get the LoCo Council to provide a list of global events happening soon, with the goal of then having the CC picking an event to feature

 17:52 <wxl> does that wrap up this topic?

 17:53 <jose> I'd say so

 17:53 <jose> not much else we can do on it

 17:53 <wxl> ok

 17:53 <wxl> now it's time for ahoneybun :)

 17:53 <wxl> #subtopic monthly community member

 17:53 <wxl> floor's yours my friend!

 17:53 <ahoneybun> I've been thinking fo the best way to vote for a community member

 17:54 <wxl> ooh voting. i like it. involve the community.

 17:54 <ahoneybun> social might not be the best but it is reachable to more people then mailing list

 17:54 <elopio> ahoneybun: for january, I suggest we highlight the winners of the google code-in.

 17:55 <wxl> of course they're likely not members, so that might be a different thing

 17:55 <ahoneybun> yea we can use jan to get together the voting with social media accounts

 17:55 <wxl> or do we mean community members (lowercase)?

 17:55 <elopio> oh, they have to be approved?

 17:56 <ahoneybun> community members can be non-ubuntu members

 17:56 <ahoneybun> like gnome or kde or other groups

 17:56 <wxl> ok yeah i didn't know what we meant

 17:56 <wxl> i hear "member" and i think "ubuntu member"

 17:56 <jose> ^ same here

 17:57 <elopio> voting sounds weird to me. Like, whoever ends up in the second place will be a great contributor and yet she loses.

 17:57 <wxl> so i mean how DO we pick someone?

 17:57 <elopio> maybe, we can use social for nominations. And whoever is not selected for a month will be selected for the following one.

 17:58 <ahoneybun> that could be a way

 17:59 <jose> but eventually we'll have a long list of people to be nominated 'the following month'

 17:59 <wxl> yeah we'll have years' worth in a matter of days XD

 17:59 <ahoneybun> nominate and pick random?

 17:59 <wxl> i think every month there needs to be a new set of nominations

 18:00 <elopio> no, we can sort them, depending on what we want to highlight that month

 18:00 <wxl> it might be good to ensure that we refer a wide range of different members

 18:00 <wxl> from different places, different contributions, different skills

 18:01 <wxl> i mean i don't want to see a year's worth of white male developers from the west

 18:02 <elopio> +1

 18:03 <wxl> anyone have a problem with us selectively picking and choosing?

 18:03 <ahoneybun> yea I would like to mix it with people from GNOME, KDE, Docs,

 18:03 <wxl> certainly different projects!

 18:04 <wxl> so who wants to orangize the call for people and collecting the list so we can then discuss who to pick?

 18:06 <elopio> I nominate ahoneybun for that task :)

 18:06 <wxl> i second that, should he be willing :)

 18:06 <ahoneybun> I mean I can get into GNOME but not sure about KDE at this point

 18:06 <wxl> ?

 18:06 <elopio> ahoneybun: the idea would be to make a call for nomiations on the hub

 18:07 <wxl> well, at least the hub, if not other social networks

 18:07 <elopio> we can help you promotiing it, and ask it to be forwarded to the ubuntu social channels.

 18:07 <wxl> and each call should be a call to ask people to spread the word

 18:07 <ahoneybun> I don't have social network access to Ubuntu stuff

 18:07 <ahoneybun> ah

 18:07 <wxl> yeah, so just make a hub post. that's all. there you go. bite size :)

 18:08 <ahoneybun> never used the hub before lol

 18:08 <elopio> also, it would be nice to get some artwork for the call. We can ask eylul, she might be interested to help

 18:08 <ahoneybun> I can't make a new topic in Annoucements

 18:09 <wxl> just make it anywhere and ask popey to move it

 18:09 <popey> +1

 18:09 <popey> There is an "uncategorized" area

 18:10 <ahoneybun> I'm there XD

 18:11 <wxl> #action @ahoneybun to create a hub post call for nominations for monthly community member.

 18:11 * meetingology @ahoneybun to create a hub post call for nominations for monthly community member.

 18:12 <wxl> i think it needs to be clear in the post and in social media posts that nominations will ONLY be considered if they're a reply to the hub post

 18:12 <wxl> i think it's unreasonable to expect that we can monitor all the various different social media avenues

 18:13 <jose> yeah, however there's a catch with that

 18:13 <jose> people need to sign up for the hub, which might be discouraging for those who just want to nominate someone

 18:14 <elopio> we need to encourage people to sign up and use the hub, so +1 on wxl's suggestion

 18:14 <elopio> and do we make a call for nominations on the first week of each month?

 18:14 <wxl> but jose brings a valid point. let's also provide the option to send the nomination to the cc list?

 18:15 <jose> again, I don't like pushing people to use the hub if they don't feel comfortable with it

 18:15 <jose> especially if they need to sign up and provide information

 18:15 <wxl> i think encouraging it is not a bad thing

 18:15 <wxl> requiring it might be

 18:15 <wxl> we DO want to discourage using a reply on twitter, though, e.g.

 18:16 <elopio> I am happy requiring it. It's the new center of our community, if somebody wants to be in the community, she should be in the hub.

 18:16 <jose> I think that might need further discussion

 18:17 <elopio> I am happy to discuss it too :) Topic for next meeting?

 18:17 <wxl> for now, let's offer only the two options (hub, cc list) with a preference towards the hub

 18:17 <jose> sounds good to me

 18:18 <wxl> something like: "To be considered, nominations must be replies to the post on the Hub (or you can use the CC list if you must)"

 18:19 <wxl> and the topic for next meeting there is whether or not we should consider the hub as the only source for communication?

 18:19 <wxl> or is this only within the context of this particular issue?

 18:21 <elopio> wxl: the former.

 18:22 <wxl> #action @wxl to add an agenda topic to next meeting concerned whether or not we should consider the hub as the only source for communication, with @elopio and @jose heading up the dicussion

 18:22 * meetingology @wxl to add an agenda topic to next meeting concerned whether or not we should consider the hub as the only source for communication, with @elopio and @jose heading up the dicussion

 18:22 <wxl> there

 18:22 <wxl> ok i'm going to move on unless there are other questions?

 18:23 <wxl> ahoneybun: just make sure to see our notes above about what qualifies as a valid nomination when you do the post.

 18:23 <ahoneybun> still working on it as a text doc for right now

 18:23 <wxl> take your time

 18:23 <wxl> #subtopic Google Code-In update

 18:23 <ahoneybun> we can make a pastebin or something to live edit

 18:23 <wxl> i assume this would be yours, elopio ?

 18:24 <wxl> i know i can tell you i've been BUSY with it personally as a mentor

 18:25 <wxl> after i fixed the Lubuntu QA tasks, balloons asked me to fix all of the other ones. being non-beginner tasks, we'll get a lot more of them, which is good

 18:25 <wxl> some comments on the IRC channel from students that are thankful for how much they've learned

 18:25 <wxl> lots of CoC signing and bugs reported on it (more about that later)

 18:26 <elopio> sorry. Um, yes, we have more than 500 tasks completed

 18:26 <wxl> i *STILL* have tasks to add

 18:26 <elopio> that's amazing. But it's a lot of work for the mentors, I'm happy that the contest ends soon.

 18:26 <wxl> me, too

 18:26 <wxl> the holidays were hard. lots of mentors gone.

 18:27 <wxl> the 15th is the deadline for claiming a new task deadline and the contest ends on the 17th

 18:27 <elopio> I will contact the participants for snapcraft to offer them follow up mentorships. More free form, to let them choose the path that they want to follow

 18:27 <wxl> i've been doing some encouraging in that regard, at least for Lubuntu and ISO testing/QA in general

 18:28 <elopio> to the other contributors for ubuntu in general, I think we need to encourage them to get in touch to their closest loco, sign the coc and participate on the hub.

 18:28 <elopio> I'll see if google can send me the emails of everybody who participated.

 18:29 <wxl> 579 is the official number btw

 18:29 <wxl> Wikimedia is at 575

 18:29 <elopio> I would like to do something nice for the winners, so I will nominate them for contributors of the month on ahoneybun's post, as soon as they are announced.

 18:29 <popey> We have another 20+ tasks to add. hopefully tomorrow

 18:30 <elopio> maybe invite them to ubuntu hour, or even get a short interview with them for insights. I'm not sure what's required for that last one, but we can see.

 18:31 <wxl> hm someone showed me an unoficial ranking

 18:31 <wxl> and now i can't find it

 18:32 <wxl> https://gci-leaders.netlify.com

 18:32 <elopio> also, we got a good bunch of new snaps packaged. I need to make a summary of that. And, a bunch of translations for the videos, I would like to keep working on this because there are many more languages to add.

 18:32 <wxl> we are ranked 7th for orgs

 18:33 <popey> I asked stgraber if we could use this as an opportunity to get lxd translated, he agreed, we need to make a task for that

 18:33 <wxl> (out of 25)

 18:33 <elopio> popey: awesome, let me know if you need a hand with that.

 18:33 <wxl> i would encourage all of you whether mentors or not to reach out to your community and see if they have tasks to add.

 18:33 <popey> elopio: i do! :D

 18:34 <wxl> #action EVERYONE to reach out to their community for any other ideas for Google Code-In tasks.

 18:34 * meetingology EVERYONE to reach out to their community for any other ideas for Google Code-In tasks.

 18:34 <wxl> anything else?

 18:34 <popey> elopio: would you have time to write the text in a doc (or directly in code-in) for a task for lxd? if so I can review and publish?

 18:34 <popey> i know we have a couple of participants ready to take it

 18:35 <wxl> oh i guess i have one other thing

 18:35 <elopio> popey: let's talk after the meeting, because I don't know if this is for the docs, or for the strings in weblate

 18:35 <wxl> do we have any students that are waiting >24h for a reply?

 18:36 <popey> elopio: i need to go afk after this meeting, but to answer your question, yes - it's weblate

 18:37 <elopio> popey: ok, I'll prepare the task.

 18:37 <popey> Magic, thanks

 18:38 <wxl> nevermind answered my own question

 18:38 <wxl> we're good

 18:38 <wxl> moving on unless anything else..

 18:39 <wxl> #subtopic report on why CC list is not moderated

 18:39 <wxl> this one is yours jose

 18:39 <jose> I talked with a former CC member

 18:40 <jose> basically, it's incredibly discouraging for a community member, especially one who gathered up the courage to email the cc and has a problem/concern, to get a 'your message is moderated' email

 18:40 <jose> even if there's a message in there, it will not help the stingy feeling that you tried to contact the governing council and got temporarily silenced due to moderation

 18:41 <wxl> could we not change the mailman message so it says "we've received your request and will get back to you immediately?"

 18:41 <jose> not sure, and that'd be on IS to push the change

 18:41 <jose> plus, I haven't received any spam emails on the cc mailing list, at least not for a while

 18:41 <wxl> well i think mailman might expose that

 18:41 <wxl> jeez i get them all the time ugh

 18:41 <jose> have you got any recently?

 18:42 <wxl> yeah

 18:42 <wxl> pretty much every day

 18:42 <wxl> admittedly, i can do some spam filtering, but then there's the likelihood of false positives

 18:43 <popey> If you're using gmail you rarely see them

 18:43 <popey> if you're on some other mail system, they often get through

 18:43 <wxl> yeah i'm not on Gmail

 18:43 <jose> anyways, that's the reason why the CC mailing list isn't moderated, and I agree with those statements

 18:44 <elopio> another item that can be fixed by encouraging people to talk to us through the hub :D This is a magical hammer that fixes everything.

 18:44 <jose> people need the ability to report in confidence

 18:44 <popey> Not for private conversations

 18:44 <jose> plus, again, it requires you to create an account

 18:44 <wxl> well on that topic flexiondotorg did you look into the possibility of using the hub as an entry point for the cc?

 18:44 <jose> which adds a barrier for getting to us

 18:45 <wxl> which is potentially the same problem

 18:45 <jose> I would put that one under a vote as well. we need to think out of all angles, and the hub just adds hassle and removes privacy

 18:45 <elopio> popey: there are private group chats, I've just noticed when somebody send a message to the two of us

 18:48 <wxl> well i'm not easily finding a solution to mailman

 18:48 <wxl> but i could propose it to IS

 18:49 <wxl> if we had a user-friendly moderation message, would anyone still have issues with turning moderation on?

 18:49 <jose> I wouldn't like for it to be moderated again. it'd have to be super-duper-extremely friendly

 18:49 <jose> otherwise, we just add friction to our communication flow

 18:50 <wxl> well it's probably all for naught but this is driving me nuts so i'll put it on my list

 18:51 <wxl> #action @wxl to explore with IS the possibility of modifying the default moderation message

 18:51 * meetingology @wxl to explore with IS the possibility of modifying the default moderation message

 18:51 <wxl> anything else on this?

 18:51 <wxl> #subtopic Hub federation to Planet

 18:51 <wxl> flexiondotorg you had this on your list. any new news?

 18:51 <wxl> anyone else know anything about it?

 18:53 <wxl> #action @flexiondotorg to report back on the possibility of federating the Hub to Planet Ubuntu

 18:53 * meetingology @flexiondotorg to report back on the possibility of federating the Hub to Planet Ubuntu

 18:53 <wxl> moving on then

 18:53 <wxl> #subtopic CC resources

 18:54 <wxl> i believe elacheche was going to compile a list of cc resources

 18:54 <elopio> instead of direct federetion, we could include our topics from the hub in the weekly newsletter, and that on the planet

 18:54 <jose> let's push it off for next meeting?

 18:54 <wxl> he's not here so i'll table this unless anyone else wants to add to it?

 18:54 <elopio> sorry, my conection is dslow

 18:54 <jose> UWN is not being published anymore

 18:54 <wxl> it's not???

 18:55 <jose> no, hasn't been since Oct

 18:55 <wxl> wow you're right

 18:55 <wxl> i'll follow up on that

 18:56 <wxl> #action @wxl to check in on the status of the Ubuntu Weekly Newsletter

 18:56 * meetingology @wxl to check in on the status of the Ubuntu Weekly Newsletter

 18:56 <jose> I can explain why, no need to

 18:56 <elopio> tsimonq2: was asking for help on the hub. We can give him a hand.

 18:56 <jose> publishing a weekly newsletter requires a lot of hands

 18:56 <jose> and it's not possible to do it with the current level of contributors

 18:56 <jose> we need steady contributors who can help every week, and we don't have them

 18:56 <wxl> well, i regularly speak with tsimonq2 so i can check in. he was pretty adamant about making things happen.

 18:57 <wxl> maybe we need to do some stuff in general to help bring contributors

 18:57 <jose> of course, we'd like to make things happen but unless we get those contributors, it's impossible

 18:57 <wxl> again, i'll check in with him directly

 18:57 <jose> and again, needs to be people who'll be willing to help in a weekly basis, not as a one-off thing

 18:57 <jose> feel free to

 18:58 <wxl> ok moving on then

 18:58 <wxl> almost done with old stuff!

 18:58 <wxl> #subtopic GSoC application

 18:58 <wxl> anyone on top of this?

 18:58 <wxl> popey?

 18:58 <wxl> elopio?

 18:58 <elopio> popey: should we apply?

 18:59 <wxl> is there a deadline for application?

 19:00 <elopio> oh, he said he was going to leave soon. I got a little scared with the amount of work that this things require. But I'm in if popey and flexiondotorg are in.

 19:01 <wxl> can you find out the deadline, elopio, and report back? (not now i mean, but not wait until next meeting)

 19:01 <popey> Heh

 19:02 <popey> Dunno what the requirements are for gsoc

 19:02 <popey> I know flexiondotorg has mentored on it before

 19:02 <elopio> deadlinne is jan 23rd

 19:02 <popey> Oh my

 19:02 <wxl> that's pretty darn close.

 19:03 <elopio> applications opened today

 19:03 <wxl> i'll make an action for you three to figure it out XD

 19:04 <wxl> #action @popey @elopio @flexiondotorg to put their heads together to evaluate the possibility of applying for GSoC.

 19:04 * meetingology @popey @elopio @flexiondotorg to put their heads together to evaluate the possibility of applying for GSoC.

 19:04 <wxl> and i'll put something on the agenda to see where we're at for next meeting

 19:04 <wxl> if we don't have it figured out by then it might be too late but c'est la vie

 19:04 <popey> I'd start a thread on the hub

 19:05 <popey> Like, now

 19:05 <popey> Like I did for code in

 19:05 <popey> We can have the discussion there

 19:05 <wxl> well i'll let you guys fight over which one of you does that XD

 19:05 <popey> NO CARRIER...

 19:05 <wxl> hahahahahhaha

 19:05 <elopio> popey: good call. I'll check the requirements

 19:05 <wxl> ok, i'll move on for the time being since there's not really much to discuss about this

 19:06 <wxl> one more piece of old stuff

 19:06 <tsimonq2> yo

 19:06 <wxl> tsimonq2: we'll talk later. don't sweat it :)

 19:06 <tsimonq2> wxl: ok

 19:06 <wxl> #subtopic changing meeting time and/or duration

 19:06 <wxl> so we should vote on this or what?

 19:06 <wxl> i'd love to make this official.

 19:07 <jose> we have 5 votes, with a span of +2

 19:07 <jose> we need another 2 +2s

 19:07 * wxl sighs

 19:07 <wxl> we have votes from you and me, jose?

 19:08 <jose> one sec, I'm checking again just in case

 19:08 <jose> sorry, 4 votes, with a span of +2

 19:08 <jose> elopio, elacheche, you and me

 19:09 <jose> marcoceppi, ahoneybun, flexiondotorg and sabdfl haven't voted

 19:09 <wxl> so that leaves ahoneybun flexiondotorg and marcoceppi (and sabdfl)

 19:09 <jose> yes

 19:09 <wxl> and we need +2 more

 19:09 <marcoceppi> o/

 19:09 <wxl> what if everyone votes and we don't get it?

 19:10 <jose> my reason for the 0, same as elacheche, is we should have the 2h slot in case we need it, but we should have flexible times and if we can finish it in 1h, we do it

 19:10 <wxl> oh hi marcoceppi good to see you. you should join the UCC channel, btw.

 19:11 <jose> if everyone votes and we don't get it, we stick to the 2h slot, and again, we finish up as fast as we reasonably can

 19:11 <wxl> well i mean the question is whether or not we should have a minimum of 1h, no?

 19:11 <jose> having 2h doesn't mean we have to use all of it :)

 19:12 <jose> (we're over our 2h slot right now)

 19:12 <wxl> and do we also have any votes about moving it one hour ahead?

 19:12 <wxl> s/ahead/later/

 19:12 <jose> just two I believe

 19:13 <wxl> #action @ahoneybun @flexiondotorg @marcoceppi @sabdfl to vote on whether or not to change the 2 hour meeting to 1 hour

 19:13 * meetingology @ahoneybun @flexiondotorg @marcoceppi @sabdfl to vote on whether or not to change the 2 hour meeting to 1 hour

 19:13 <wxl> who's left?

 19:14 <jose> elopio and elacheche voted, the rest hasn't

 19:15 <jose> 2 votes with a span of +1

 19:15 <wxl> oh well it was my proposal so you can put me down for a +1 :)

 19:15 <marcoceppi> +1

 19:15 <wxl> marcoceppi: that's for which one?

 19:15 <marcoceppi> hah

 19:15 * marcoceppi quits

 19:16 <jose> ok, and I'll go with a -1 for moving 17 to 18 utc

 19:16 <marcoceppi> I'm fine moving to a 1 hour meeting

 19:16 <jose> so, moving: 4 votes with a span of +1, duration: 5 votes with a span of +3

 19:17 <wxl> ok so

 19:17 <jose> marcoceppi: any votes on moving the meeting from 17 UTC to 18 UTC?

 19:17 <wxl> #action @ahoneybun @flexiondotorg @sabdfl to vote on changing the meeting time from 17 to 18 UTC

 19:17 <wxl> right?

 19:17 <jose> depends on if he answers right now or not :)

 19:18 <wxl> the only problem with this is that if we don't move it, at least during teh winter, i am most likely going to be late

 19:18 <ahoneybun> I'll be at work either way lol

 19:18 <jose> and that's also the issue, DST doesn't apply for everyone around the world

 19:18 <wxl> yeah...

 19:18 <jose> ahoneybun: so, 0 for moving times?

 19:21 <wxl> #action @marcoceppi @ahoneybun @flexiondotorg @sabdfl to vote on changing the meeting time from 17 to 18 UTC

 19:21 * meetingology @marcoceppi @ahoneybun @flexiondotorg @sabdfl to vote on changing the meeting time from 17 to 18 UTC

 19:21 <wxl> let's just move on

 19:21 <wxl> we can do this async

 19:21 <wxl> #topic Review Code of Conduct bugs

 19:21 <wxl> i was hoping we could do this last time

 19:22 <wxl> get rid of the dead wood, as it were, to make room for GCI

 19:22 <jose> tbh I'd say let's call it a meeting and push it over, put it on top for the next meeting

 19:22 <jose> we're 30 over and participation has declined

 19:22 <wxl> c'est la vie then

 19:23 <wxl> we really need to start dealing with this old stuff.

 19:23 <elopio> wxl: a couple of actions: remember elacheche to publish the summary of the meetings he lead.

 19:23 <wxl> elopio: he already did afaik

 19:23 <elopio> wxl: and catch up with you on the status of the CoC violations

 19:23 <wxl> yeah well, that's one we should do privately, ultimately

 19:24 <wxl> i'll send something to the list about it

 19:24 <elopio> wxl: I don't see it here: https://community.ubuntu.com/t/call-for-topics-community-council-meeting-20171207/2571

 19:25 <wxl> just cuz there's no need to discuss private issues publicly

 19:25 <wxl> oh

 19:25 <wxl> confused about your "it"

 19:25 <wxl> https://community.ubuntu.com/t/community-council-meeting-20171207/2851

 19:25 <elopio> wxl: I meant, I don't see elacheche's summary in there.

 19:26 <elopio> thanks, I didn't see that one.

 19:26 <wxl> ok

 19:26 <wxl> anything else?

 19:27 <elopio> I would prefer to update the topic instead of creating a new one. wxl: what would you prefer for your summaries?

 19:27 <wxl> i don't really care, but i guess we didn't really make an HOWTO for the thing so we're just doing whatever seems right XD

 19:28 <wxl> but that way will fill up the category less

 19:28 <wxl> so let's do that

 19:28 <elopio> yep, that's why I'm asking, to start a howto :) If you support elacheche's style, I'll document that. If you prefer the one I was following, that will be the one.

 19:28 <wxl> we'll do it your way

 19:29 <wxl> so i'll give you to the TODO on the HOWTO :)

 19:29 <elopio> ok, so I'll take an action to document how to lead the meetings.

 19:29 <elopio> and last, wxl, will you lead the next one too?

 19:29 <wxl> #action @elopio to create a document how to lead the meetings, including dealing with postings and such

 19:29 * meetingology @elopio to create a document how to lead the meetings, including dealing with postings and such

 19:29 <wxl> yep

 19:29 <elopio> :) great

 19:30 <wxl> ok

 19:30 <wxl> we done? anyone else?

 19:30 <elopio> ok, thanks everybody. We are also missing to discuss flexiondotorg's point, maybe we can do that on the hub.

 19:30 <wxl> shutting it down in

 19:30 <wxl> 10

 19:30 <wxl> 9

 19:30 <wxl> 8

 19:30 <wxl> 7

 19:30 <wxl> 6

 19:30 <wxl> 5

 19:31 <wxl> 4

 19:31 <wxl> 3

 19:31 <wxl> 2

 19:31 <wxl> 1

 19:31 <wxl> ½

 19:31 <wxl> ¼

 19:31 <wxl> ⅛

 19:31 <wxl> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)