== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 22 Jan at 16:43 &mdash; 17:09 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2018/ubuntu-meeting.2018-01-22-16.43.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting 
=== Announcements ===
The discussion about "Announcements" started at 16:43.


=== Weekly stand-up report ===
The discussion about "Weekly stand-up report" started at 16:45.


=== Highlighted packages ===
The discussion about "Highlighted packages" started at 17:05.

  * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/nip2.html 
  * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/simple-xml.html 
  * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/pjproject.html 
  * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/open-iscsi.html 
  * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/python-tablib.html 

=== Miscellaneous and Questions ===
The discussion about "Miscellaneous and Questions" started at 17:06.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * tyhicks (42)
 * jdstrand (11)
 * sbeattie (9)
 * jjohansen (8)
 * sarnold (6)
 * leosilva (6)
 * mdeslaur (6)
 * chrisccoulson (5)
 * ubottu (4)
 * meetingology (3)



== Full Log ==


 16:43 <tyhicks> #startmeeting

 16:43 <meetingology> Meeting started Mon Jan 22 16:43:28 2018 UTC.  The chair is tyhicks. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:43 <meetingology> 

 16:43 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 16:43 <tyhicks> The meeting agenda can be found at:

 16:43 <tyhicks> [LINK] https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting

 16:43 <tyhicks> [TOPIC] Announcements

 16:43 <tyhicks> Otto Kekäläinen provided debdiffs for mariadb-5.5, mariadb-10.0, and mariadb-10.1 (LP: #1740608) (LP: #740768)

 16:43 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1740608 in mariadb-5.5 (Ubuntu) "USN-3459-1: partially applies to MariaDB too" [Medium,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1740608

 16:43 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 740768 in Datum soerepro "soerepro: cultural practices extraction, Fatal error: Method CForm::__toString() must not throw an exception" [Critical,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/740768

 16:44 <tyhicks> that's not the right bug

 16:44 <tyhicks> I dropped a digit

 16:44 <tyhicks> (LP: #1740768)

 16:44 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1740768 in mariadb-10.1 (Ubuntu) "CVE-2017-15365: Replication in sql/event_data_objects.cc occurs before ACL checks" [Undecided,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1740768

 16:44 <mdeslaur> \o

 16:45 <tyhicks> Ray Link (rlink) provided a debdiff for xenial for xmltooling (LP: #1743762)

 16:45 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1743762 in xmltooling (Ubuntu Bionic) "Security bug in XMLTooling-C before 1.6.3 [CVE-2018-0486]" [Undecided,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1743762

 16:45 <tyhicks> Thank you for your assistance in keeping Ubuntu users secure! :)

 16:45 <tyhicks> [TOPIC] Weekly stand-up report

 16:45 <tyhicks> jdstrand: you're up

 16:46 <jdstrand> hi

 16:46 <jdstrand> Last week I attended the product sprint so this week I will be playing catch-up and working through sprint outcomes. In addition to that, I plan to focus on:

 16:46 <jdstrand> * snappy PR reviews, esp wrt the layouts feature, portals and the x11 interface slot policy

 16:46 <jdstrand> * look at an lxd snap regression wrt to 'partial apparmor confinement' feature

 16:46 <jdstrand> * prepare a demo with tyhicks wrt lsm stacking

 16:46 <jdstrand> * review tools updates as have time

 16:46 <jdstrand> * create screecast interface as have time

 16:46 <jdstrand> * strict mode snaps on livecd as have time

 16:46 <jdstrand> that's it from me. mdeslaur, you're up

 16:47 <mdeslaur> I'm on triage this week

 16:47 <mdeslaur> and I'm in the process of publishing a few usns

 16:47 <mdeslaur> I need to take a look at the state of qemu patches

 16:47 <mdeslaur> and will either work on that this week, or something else depending on priority

 16:47 <mdeslaur> that's about it for me, sbeattie?

 16:48 <sbeattie> I'm in the happy place this week

 16:48 <sbeattie> I'm working on backporting the gcc retpoline patchset back to trusty + precise-esm, after having respun them.

 16:49 <sbeattie> (those are x86 only)

 16:49 <sbeattie> I'm also trying to track down chat toolchain changes are needed for other arches.

 16:50 <sbeattie> There'll be some kernel USNs to publish as the first attempt at spectre mitigations lands.

 16:50 <sbeattie> (and the usual kernel cve triage)

 16:50 <sbeattie> There's also likely openjdk packages coming down the pike.

 16:50 <sbeattie> That's it for me.

 16:50 <sbeattie> tyhicks: you're up.

 16:51 <tyhicks> sbeattie: that sounds like a lot going on at once so pull me in when needed

 16:51 <tyhicks> I have sprint followups

 16:51 <tyhicks> need to transcribe my notes

 16:51 <tyhicks> (from the sprint)

 16:51 <tyhicks> working on an LSM stacking demo

 16:52 <tyhicks> meltdown and spectre coordination will continue to take quite a bit of my time

 16:52 <tyhicks> that's probably enough for this week

 16:52 <tyhicks> jjohansen: you're up

 16:53 <jdstrand> oh I forgot to mention the chrony upload

 16:53 <jdstrand> I plan to upload chrony with an apparmor profile

 16:53 <jjohansen> I am working on updating our stacking patches against the latest revision of the LSM stacking patches

 16:54 <jjohansen> once I get that done it will be back to looking at the mount patches

 16:54 <jjohansen> and fosdem prep

 16:54 <jjohansen> and of course working on the 4.16 pull request

 16:55 <jjohansen> that is it for me, sarnold you are up

 16:55 <tyhicks> jjohansen: the mount patches are for the 4.16 pull request, right?

 16:56 <jjohansen> tyhicks: I know David would like to get them in, whether they are actually going 4.16 I am unsure

 16:56 <tyhicks> oh, that's for David

 16:56 <jjohansen> yeah, the whole mount system rework

 16:56 <tyhicks> right

 16:57 <tyhicks> I forgot about that

 16:58 <jjohansen> atm I am working with it as if they are going to be part of a 4.16 pull request, and will be happy if they aren't

 16:58 <tyhicks> ack, thanks

 16:58 <tyhicks> sarnold: go ahead

 16:58 <sarnold> I'm on community this week; I'm starting the libsdl2 MIR

 16:59 <sarnold> at least I think that's the one to start; ratliff said a few weeks ago that it'd be next in the queue, but now I see that cpae lzer intends to switch qemu to use the new sdl in 18.10 ..

 16:59 <sarnold> which makes me curious what the plan ought to be

 17:00 <sarnold> there's nothing too wrong with doing a mir 'earlier' than it's needed of course but it'd probably be nice to have just one sdl in 18.04 main

 17:00 <tyhicks> sarnold: lets sync with cpae lzer after this meeting and get his opinion on that vs chrony vs something else

 17:00 <sarnold> tyhicks: okay, makes sense

 17:00 <sarnold> chrisccoulson, you're up :)

 17:00 <chrisccoulson> I've got firefox updates this week, and a chromium update to test and publish

 17:01 <chrisccoulson> I also need to start the first rust update of 2018. Hoping it will be an easy one

 17:02 <chrisccoulson> I did finally start on the changes to the apparmor audit logging last week, so I intend to carry on with that this week

 17:03 <tyhicks> oh, nice

 17:03 <chrisccoulson> and I can step in if sbeattie wants any help with openjdk updates too

 17:03 <chrisccoulson> that's me done

 17:04 <tyhicks> leosilva: you're up

 17:04 <leosilva> I'm in bug triage this week

 17:04 <leosilva> I have a gimp USN to push and rsync too.

 17:04 <leosilva> Also have a libvirt updates to re-test and figure out what is happening in precise version.

 17:05 <leosilva> besided that I'll push mysql to my update stack and keepg looking for others pkgs.

 17:05 <leosilva> That's all from me.

 17:05 <leosilva> tyhicks: you are back.

 17:05 <tyhicks> thanks!

 17:05 <tyhicks> [TOPIC] Highlighted packages

 17:05 <tyhicks> The Ubuntu Security team will highlight some community-supported packages that might be good candidates for updating and or triaging. If you would like to help Ubuntu and not sure where to start, this is a great way to do so.

 17:05 <tyhicks> See https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/UpdateProcedures for details and if you have any questions, feel free to ask in #ubuntu-security. To find out other ways of helping out, please see https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/GettingInvolved.

 17:05 <tyhicks> https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/nip2.html

 17:05 <tyhicks> https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/simple-xml.html

 17:05 <tyhicks> https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/pjproject.html

 17:05 <tyhicks> https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/open-iscsi.html

 17:05 <tyhicks> Does anyone have any other questions or items to discuss?

 17:06 <tyhicks> https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/python-tablib.html

 17:06 <tyhicks> [TOPIC] Miscellaneous and Questions

 17:09 <tyhicks> jdstrand, mdeslaur, sbeattie, jjohansen, sarnold, ChrisCoulson, leosilva: Thanks!

 17:09 <tyhicks> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)