== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 24 Sep at 16:31 &mdash; 16:50 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2018/ubuntu-meeting.2018-09-24-16.31.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting 
=== Announcements ===
The discussion about "Announcements" started at 16:31.


=== Weekly stand-up report ===
The discussion about "Weekly stand-up report" started at 16:32.


=== Highlighted packages ===
The discussion about "Highlighted packages" started at 16:48.


=== Miscellaneous and Questions ===
The discussion about "Miscellaneous and Questions" started at 16:48.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * jdstrand (42)
 * ebarretto (9)
 * sbeattie (7)
 * chrisccoulson (6)
 * msalvatore (4)
 * meetingology (3)
 * jjohansen (3)



== Full Log ==


 16:31 <jdstrand> #startmeeting

 16:31 <jdstrand> The meeting agenda can be found at:

 16:31 <jdstrand> [LINK] https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting

 16:31 <meetingology> Meeting started Mon Sep 24 16:31:46 2018 UTC.  The chair is jdstrand. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:31 <meetingology> 

 16:31 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 16:31 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Announcements

 16:31 <jdstrand> The generalist role rotation for this week as follows:

 16:31 <jdstrand> CVE Triage: sarnold, Bug Triage: sbeattie, Community: amurray, Happy Place: mdeslaur, leosilva, ebarretto,  msalvatore

 16:32 <jdstrand> The Ubuntu Security Team is hiring! Please see: Ubuntu Security engineer: https://boards.greenhouse.io/canonical/jobs/1158266?t=8c0a6c1f1

 16:32 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Weekly stand-up report

 16:32 <jdstrand> I'll go first

 16:32 <jdstrand> This week I plan to work on:

 16:32 <jdstrand> * continue brand store snap declarations

 16:32 <jdstrand> * continue kubernetes-support interfaces

 16:32 <jdstrand> * various snapd PR reviews

 16:32 <jdstrand> * iterate on docker PRs

 16:33 <jdstrand> that's it from me. mdes laur is off today. sbeattie, you're up

 16:33 <sbeattie> I'm on bug triage this week

 16:33 <sbeattie> I have an imagemagick update to finish up

 16:34 <sbeattie> I have some kernel signoffs to complete and the usual kernel cve triage to handle

 16:34 <sbeattie> I also have an embargoed issue on my plate

 16:34 <sbeattie> I also have some apparmor tasks to look at.

 16:35 <sbeattie> That'll more than likely consume my week.

 16:35 <sbeattie> jjohansen: over to you.

 16:37 <jdstrand> let's come back to jjohansen

 16:37 <jdstrand> sarnold: go ahead

 16:37 <jjohansen> oops sorry

 16:37 <ebarretto> jdstrand, sarnold is out today

 16:38 <jdstrand> oh, I forgot

 16:38 <jdstrand> CheGuevara978: go ahead

 16:39 <jdstrand> meh

 16:39 <jdstrand> CheGuevara978: nm

 16:39 <jdstrand> chrisccoulson: go ahead

 16:39 <chrisccoulson> heh

 16:39 <chrisccoulson> I'm expecting a firefox update from the desktop team this week to test and publish

 16:39 <chrisccoulson> I'm also working on the woff2 MIR

 16:40 <chrisccoulson> those shouldn't take up my whole week, so I'll be available to take on some other stuff too

 16:40 <chrisccoulson> that's me done

 16:40 <jdstrand> chrisccoulson: can you pick the next item off the reviews lane?

 16:41 <jdstrand> leosilva: go ahead

 16:41 <chrisccoulson> jdstrand, sure

 16:41 <jdstrand> chrisccoulson: thanks!

 16:41 <ebarretto> jdstrand, leosilva is also out this week

 16:42 <jdstrand> jeez

 16:42 <jdstrand> ebarretto: perhaps I should have run this by you :)

 16:42 <jdstrand> ebarretto: thanks

 16:42 <jdstrand> msalvatore: go ahead

 16:42 <msalvatore> I'm in the happy place this week.

 16:43 <msalvatore> I'm planning on focusing on CVE fixes all week unless something else comes up.

 16:43 <msalvatore> That's it for me.

 16:44 <jdstrand> msalvatore: did you have particular fixes in mind?

 16:44 <jdstrand> msalvatore: in terms of source packages?

 16:45 <msalvatore> jdstrand: I'm working through a lot of re-triage ATM. I'm pushing out a fix for sleuthkit today. After that, I may tackle some nodejs issues.

 16:45 <jdstrand> cool, thanks

 16:45 <jdstrand> ebarretto: you're up

 16:45 <jdstrand> ebarretto: you're not going to tell me you are off today are you?

 16:45 <ebarretto> jdstrand, nope heeheh

 16:46 <ebarretto> I'm in the happy place this week:

 16:46 <ebarretto> - I am working on updating opencv for bionic and devel, just finishing tests

 16:46 <ebarretto> - I am also working on updating hdf5 for bionic and devel, also finishing tests

 16:46 <ebarretto> - I will also work on libav for trusty (this might take some time based on the number of CVEs for this package)

 16:46 <ebarretto> - continue retriaging CVEs

 16:46 <ebarretto> that's it for me

 16:46 <jdstrand> jjohansen: go ahead

 16:46 <jjohansen> I am working on apparmor items for the 4.20 pull request: mjg secmark patch, kernel_t label for kernel network tasks, and the nonewprivs work. In addition I am work on LSM stacking patches

 16:47 <jjohansen> that is it for me and will take me well beyond this week :(

 16:48 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Highlighted packages

 16:48 <jdstrand> The Ubuntu Security team suggests that contributors look into merging Debian security updates in community-supported packages. If you would like to help Ubuntu but are not sure where to start, this is a great way to do so. See http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/d2u/ for available merges and https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/UpdateProcedures for details on preparing Ubuntu security

 16:48 <jdstrand> updates. If you have any questions, feel free to ask in #ubuntu-hardened. To find out other ways of helping out, please see https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/GettingInvolved.

 16:48 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Miscellaneous and Questions

 16:48 <jdstrand> Does anyone have any other questions or items to discuss?

 16:49 <jdstrand> sbeattie, jjohansen, chrisccoulson, msalvatore, ebarretto: thanks!

 16:50 <jdstrand> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)