== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 06 Sep at 15:01 &mdash; 15:51 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2018/ubuntu-meeting.2018-09-06-15.01.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning round ===
The discussion about "Lightning round" started at 15:01.


=== Bugs ===
The discussion about "Bugs" started at 15:25.

  * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/ubuntu-release-upgrader/+bug/1789977 

=== AOB ===
The discussion about "AOB" started at 15:49.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * slangasek (42)
 * bdmurray (33)
 * xnox (25)
 * sil2100 (20)
 * juliank (13)
 * cyphermox (13)
 * ubottu (11)
 * rcj (9)
 * fginther (9)
 * rbalint (7)
 * philroche (7)
 * meetingology (3)



== Full Log ==


 15:01 <slangasek> #startmeeting

 15:01 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Sep  6 15:01:11 2018 UTC.  The chair is slangasek. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 15:01 <meetingology> 

 15:01 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 15:01 <rcj> o/

 15:01 <slangasek> [TOPIC] Lightning round

 15:02 <philroche> \o

 15:03 <slangasek> $ echo $(shuf -e slangasek bdmurray xnox tdaitx doko sil2100 rbalint infinity cyphermox mwhudson rcj philroche Odd_Bloke fginther juliank cshep)

 15:03 <slangasek> doko tdaitx fginther infinity philroche xnox slangasek cshep juliank Odd_Bloke bdmurray mwhudson sil2100 rbalint cyphermox rcj

 15:03 <slangasek> doko: are you at your computer?

 15:03 <philroche> slangasek: We need to add tobijk & aleks_bogdanov

 15:03 <slangasek> philroche: I was giving them a pass for their first meeting :)

 15:03 <philroche> Welcome tobijk & aleks_bogdanov :)

 15:04 <slangasek> tdaitx:

 15:04 <rcj> slangasek: and cshep

 15:06 <slangasek> fginther:

 15:06 <fginther> * Out one day for national holiday

 15:06 <fginther> * Finished work to improve the alignment of an image

 15:06 <fginther> * Finished work and merged cloud-init ssh config unit tests

 15:06 <fginther> * Revising a specification document related to partner image publication

 15:06 <fginther> * Cloud image build system vanguarding

 15:06 <fginther> ✔ done

 15:06 <fginther> infi<tab>

 15:06 <fginther> not here I guess

 15:06 <fginther> philroche:

 15:06 <philroche> * Onboarding new team members. Welcome chep, tobijk & aleks_bogdanov :)

 15:06 <philroche> * Cloud image modifications

 15:06 <philroche> (done)

 15:06 <philroche> xnox:

 15:07 <xnox> * continued work on zkey enablement

 15:07 <xnox> * s390-tools fix up #1790831

 15:07 <xnox> * tboot point release / fixes ftbfs / fixes stuck in proposed &

 15:07 <xnox> migration to ssl1.1 #1731097

 15:07 <xnox> * kexec-tools migrated #1783086 as well as cryptsetup & systemd

 15:07 <xnox> ..

 15:07 <xnox> done

 15:08 <slangasek> * short week, Labor Day

 15:08 <slangasek> * SRUs (shim, grub, nvidia)

 15:08 <slangasek> * proposed-migration:

 15:08 <slangasek> * helped shepherd glibc through

 15:08 <slangasek> * tracing various maintenance issues with autopkgtest runners

 15:08 <slangasek> * misc autopkgtest fixes

 15:08 <slangasek> * still working to get nvidia packages for clouds into their final form

 15:08 <slangasek> (done)

 15:09 <slangasek> cshep seems to be unavailable at the moment

 15:09 <slangasek> juliank:

 15:09 <juliank> * Fixed aptitude for boost1.67 transition (multi_index_container behavior change in 1.66)

 15:09 <juliank> * Fixed packagekit crashing in providesCodec (LP: #1790671)

 15:09 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1790671 in packagekit (Ubuntu Bionic) "/usr/lib/packagekit/packagekitd:11:std::__cxx11::basic_string:AptIntf::providesCodec:backend_what_provides_thread:pk_backend_job_thread_setup:g_thread_proxy" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1790671

 15:09 <juliank> * Fixed PEP8 regression in yesterday's update-manager blocking transition

 15:09 <juliank> * Started investigating the shim loading grub via iPXE in qemu (bug 1789319)

 15:09 <ubottu> bug 1789319 in shim (Ubuntu) "Unable to load shimx64.efi using iPXE over UEFI" [Undecided,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1789319

 15:09 <juliank> * Started working on manpage changes for networkctl & networkd-dispatcher to explain states (bug 1787495)

 15:09 <ubottu> bug 1787495 in networkd-dispatcher (Ubuntu) "no explanation for the events in the networkd-dispatcher manpage" [Undecided,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1787495

 15:09 <juliank> * Discussed how to make less packages manually installed

 15:09 <juliank> * Discussed apt/security/landscape interactions

 15:09 <juliank> (d0n3)

 15:10 <slangasek> Odd_Bloke:

 15:11 <slangasek> Odd_Bloke may be unavailable

 15:11 <slangasek> bdmurray:

 15:16 <xnox> hey

 15:16 <xnox> nothing at all

 15:16 <xnox> just bdmurray: and then me....

 15:16 <sil2100> No Brian?

 15:16 <sil2100> Should I go?

 15:17 <juliank> technical issues

 15:17 <xnox> sil2100, he is in the hangout

 15:17 <sil2100> Ah, hangout!

 15:17 <bdmurray> worked with webops regarding transition of daisy to mojo env

 15:18 <bdmurray> email to juliank re: u-r-u apt error string matching

 15:18 <bdmurray> investigation into why team to package mapping hadn't been updated

 15:18 <bdmurray> discussion with jdstrand re ubuntu-security-bugs team and pkg subscriptions

 15:18 <bdmurray> submitted RT re daisy-app server log rotation

 15:18 <bdmurray> submitted RT re rabbitmq server and graphite failing again

 15:18 <bdmurray> duplicate bug consolidation for LP: #1789879

 15:18 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1789879 in msttcorefonts (Ubuntu) "Installation error with ttf-mscorefonts-installer_3.7ubuntu3_all.deb" [Critical,Invalid] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1789879

 15:18 <bdmurray> testing of release upgrade failure bug reports

 15:18 <bdmurray> digging into getting instance count of u-u recursion error crash

 15:18 <bdmurray> reported appstream bug LP: #1790693 (discovered during upgrade testing)

 15:18 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1785498 in appstream (Ubuntu) "duplicate for #1790693 g_atomic_ref_count_dec: assertion 'g_atomic_int_get (arc) > 0' failed" [Undecided,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1785498

 15:18 <bdmurray> investigation into size of retrace_amd64 queue (large due accepting 1/3 of crashes but not having 1/3 of retracers)

 15:18 <bdmurray> also issues with delete'ing files from swift and therefore removing from the queue

 15:18 <bdmurray> reviewed and merged deej's nrpe changes to the daisy, retracer, and errors charms

 15:18 <bdmurray> modified logrotation jobs for daisy and errors app servers

 15:18 <bdmurray> started work on updates must be installed before release upgrade

 15:18 <bdmurray> ✔ done

 15:18 <bdmurray> sil2100: there now you can go

 15:18 <sil2100> - Sick for parts of Monday and Tuesday (shorter week)

 15:18 <sil2100> - Regular SRU reviews and releases

 15:18 <sil2100> - Fixed --extra-ppas for ubuntu-image classic builds

 15:18 <sil2100> - raspi3 u-i classic:

 15:18 <sil2100> * Figuring out why suddenly the local builds stopped working

 15:18 <sil2100> (I missed out some fixes when pushing to the PPA that I had locally before)

 15:18 <sil2100> * Iterating on the image builds until there's a proper rootfs

 15:19 <sil2100> * Work on fixing the gadget bits and boot-file creation (duh, the kernel is missing right now!)

 15:19 <sil2100> - core18:

 15:19 <sil2100> * Some experimenting trying to build a local raspi3 core18 image for testing

 15:19 <sil2100> * Fighting with core18 image builds due to breakages in snapd

 15:19 <sil2100> * Minor PR reviews

 15:19 <sil2100> * Adding rsync to the core18 snap for debugging

 15:19 <sil2100> - Some work on the britney SRU regression notification test-suite

 15:19 <sil2100> - Some canidate reviews

 15:19 <sil2100> (done)

 15:19 <sil2100> bdmurray: o/

 15:19 <xnox> sil2100, are ubuntu-image autopkgtest good? i saw them failing earlier....

 15:19 <rbalint> (short week)

 15:19 <rbalint> * fixed rax-nova-agent regression on Xenial

 15:19 <rbalint> * cosmic-proposed gardening

 15:19 <rbalint> * WSL updates

 15:19 <rbalint> * working on LP: #1783023 but no fix yet

 15:19 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1783023 in update-manager (Ubuntu Cosmic) "Software Updater is sometimes blank when there are ONLY phased updates and auto-removable kernels" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1783023

 15:19 <rbalint> (done)

 15:20 <rcj> cyphermox:

 15:20 <cyphermox> - shim-review: DriveLock

 15:20 <cyphermox> - shim 15 update and SRUs

 15:20 <cyphermox> - preparing netplan.io 0.40 release

 15:20 <cyphermox> - optional-addresses upstream systemd work

 15:20 <cyphermox> - gnu-efi SRU everywhere to support new shim, unbreak shim 13 in trusty.

 15:20 <cyphermox> - test rebuilds for gnu-efi revdeps

 15:20 <cyphermox> - grub2: sponsor add_ext_lfb_base_support.patch: Add support for ext_lfb_base. (LP: #1785033)

 15:20 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1785033 in HWE Next "GRUB needs to support 64-bit efi linear frame buffer address" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1785033

 15:20 <cyphermox> - investigating how to retrieving keys to validate kernel signatures

 15:20 <cyphermox> (done)

 15:20 <rcj> rcj:

 15:20 <rcj> * on-boarding a new team-mate (Welcome cshep!)

 15:20 <rcj> * out on Monday for federal holiday (alas not a "bank holiday" philroche)

 15:20 <rcj> * meeting with cloud partners

 15:20 <rcj> ☑

 15:24 <slangasek> any questions on status?

 15:25 <slangasek> [TOPIC] Bugs

 15:25 <slangasek> bdmurray:

 15:25 <bdmurray> So there's this upgrade bug which is somehwat vague

 15:25 <bdmurray> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/ubuntu-release-upgrader/+bug/1789977

 15:25 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1789977 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu) "Upgrade from 16.04 to 18.04 crashed, required dpkg --configure -a to recover (multiple machines)" [Undecided,Incomplete]

 15:26 <bdmurray> There was an lvm2-activation segfault during or after the upgrade

 15:26 <xnox> ouch

 15:26 <bdmurray> I managed to find a crash about lvm2 in LP and a bucket in the error tracker.

 15:27 <bdmurray> I'm not positive they are all the same issue though.

 15:28 <juliank> I don't see an actual upgrade bug in the log, do you?

 15:28 <juliank> regarding the dpkg --configure -a

 15:28 <bdmurray> Given the quantity of crashes about lvm2 I think that should be looked at by xnox though.

 15:28 <bdmurray> ;-)

 15:29 <juliank> I can say it's not crashing for me :)

 15:29 <bdmurray> juliank: maybe the screenlog would help?

 15:30 <juliank> I was looking at AptTermLog to see which packages remained unconfigured

 15:31 <slangasek> ok I think we'll take that one into trello

 15:31 <slangasek> bdmurray: next?

 15:32 <bdmurray> Bug 1767918 is a quick fix, just need to schedule it

 15:32 <ubottu> bug 1767918 in plymouth (Ubuntu) "Login password from GDM is shown in plain text on the VT1 console" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1767918

 15:32 <slangasek> +1 I'll pull it into backlog now

 15:33 <slangasek> bdmurray: next?

 15:33 <bdmurray> Maybe the desktop team should look at the comments in bug 1788220?

 15:33 <ubottu> bug 1788220 in ubuntu-meta (Ubuntu) "[snap] Ubuntu 18.04 LTS includes gnome-calculator as a snap" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1788220

 15:35 <rbalint> can we as Foundations do anything regarding shipping or not shipping things as snaps?

 15:35 <xnox> rbalint, on cloud images yes

 15:38 <slangasek> well, it's not something that's going to be reverted wrt 18.04

 15:38 <slangasek> if there were suggestions for concrete improvement to the implementation, that'd be one thing

 15:38 <bdmurray> I was surprised by files in $HOME/snap

 15:39 <xnox> the $HOME/snap is akward

 15:39 <slangasek> it is surprising if you were expecting ~/. but there are arguments and that's not a decision that's going to be reverted via a bug on gnome-calculator in launchpad

 15:39 <xnox> i would expect that on the server, but on desktop i would expect liek ~/.config/snap or ~/.local/snap

 15:39 <slangasek> bdmurray: +1 for asking the desktop team to field this, which is ultimately 'opinion'

 15:39 <xnox> because ~/.local/snap is ~+ /snap

 15:39 <bdmurray> slangasek: ack

 15:39 <xnox> because ~/.local/snap is ~= /snap

 15:40 <slangasek> (also I think that 1.6GB disk figure is incorrect)

 15:40 <bdmurray> bug 1754294 seems to be affecting some people when upgrading, while they are not ubuntu packages I wonder if there is anything we can do better there.

 15:40 <ubottu> bug 1754294 in curl (Ubuntu) "After last updated libcurl3 on libcurl4, some apps are removed." [Undecided,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1754294

 15:41 <bdmurray> slangasek: That disk estimate for upgrading would need to take into account the space in /home too

 15:42 <slangasek> bdmurray: sorry, is that last comment referring still to the snap thing?

 15:42 <slangasek> because snaps only use space in /home after they've been executed by the user, so not an upgrade thing

 15:42 <bdmurray> slangasek: yes, ah okay

 15:42 <cyphermox> 1.6Gb figure does sound rather large

 15:43 <cyphermox> larger even than if you also had extra bits, classic snap, etc.

 15:43 <xnox> cyphermox, i think the killer is three copies mounted by default.

 15:43 <slangasek> cyphermox: I did the math and get 262M for Ubuntu Desktop 18.04.  I think the user is counting disk space under /snap improperly

 15:44 <cyphermox> heh

 15:44 <xnox> which i think makes sense on iot, but doesn't make musch sense on a desktop with always-on interent.

 15:44 <xnox> ogra, why is 3 copies, instead of just 2 for the desktop snapd deploys?

 15:46 <slangasek> bdmurray: the user is complaining that we are not shipping an ABI-compatible version of the library; the library ABI has changed because time moves forward

 15:46 <slangasek> bdmurray: we are not going to provide the old ABI, so those packages are going to be removed on upgrade, unless it makes the upgrade itself blow up there's nothing to do

 15:49 <bdmurray> slangasek: ack, that's it from me then

 15:49 <slangasek> ok

 15:49 <slangasek> [TOPIC] AOB

 15:49 <slangasek> anything else?

 15:50 <xnox> slangasek, i believe it did blow up upgrade

 15:50 <xnox> slangasek, cause php and something rather tried to load both inside mod_php and than apache would fail

 15:50 <cyphermox> no aob from me

 15:50 <xnox> slangasek, because some niche stack was not ported, and it should be reverted to the old abi

 15:50 <xnox> done

 15:51 <rcj> no aob from me

 15:51 <slangasek> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)