== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting: DMB, 29 Jan at 19:04 &mdash; 19:36 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2018/ubuntu-meeting.2018-01-29-19.04.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Review of previous action items ===
The discussion about "Review of previous action items" started at 19:05.


=== PPU Applications ===
The discussion about "PPU Applications" started at 19:06.

 * '''David Mohammmed PPU application for budgie-extras''' (19:06)
  * ''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/fossfreedom/budgie-extrasPPUApplication 
  * ''Vote:'' Add budgie-extras to fossfreedom's PPU rights (Carried)
  * ''ACTION:'' sil2100 to add budgie-extras to fossfreedom's PPU set

=== AOB ===
The discussion about "AOB" started at 19:19.

  * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu-community/+bug/1733687 
  * ''ACTION:'' sil2100 to handle mapreri's request
  * ''ACTION:'' bdmurray to handle sil2100's earlier request



== Vote results ==

 * [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2018/ubuntu-meeting.2018-01-29-19.04.log.html#24 Add budgie-extras to fossfreedom's PPU rights]]
  * Motion carried (For/Against/Abstained 5/0/0)
   *  Voters micahg_work, cyphermox, jbicha, sil2100, bdmurray



== Action items, by person ==

 * bdmurray
  * bdmurray to handle sil2100's earlier request
 * fossfreedom
  * sil2100 to add budgie-extras to fossfreedom's PPU set
 * sil2100
  * sil2100 to add budgie-extras to fossfreedom's PPU set
  * sil2100 to handle mapreri's request
  * bdmurray to handle sil2100's earlier request



== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * sil2100 (39)
 * meetingology (16)
 * bdmurray (8)
 * cyphermox (6)
 * jbicha (6)
 * micahg_work (3)
 * fossfreedom (2)
 * ubottu (1)



== Full Log ==


 19:04 <sil2100> #startmeeting DMB

 19:04 <meetingology> Meeting started Mon Jan 29 19:04:51 2018 UTC.  The chair is sil2100. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 19:04 <meetingology> 

 19:04 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 19:05 <sil2100> #topic Review of previous action items

 19:05 <sil2100> Did we have any items from last meeting? I think I missed it (if it actually happened)

 19:06 <jbicha> we haven't met since December

 19:06 <sil2100> Ok then, Agenda doesn't say anything about any items needing attention, let's move on

 19:06 <sil2100> #topic PPU Applications

 19:06 <sil2100> #subtopic David Mohammmed PPU application for budgie-extras

 19:07 <sil2100> https://wiki.ubuntu.com/fossfreedom/budgie-extrasPPUApplication

 19:07 <sil2100> fossfreedom: o/

 19:07 <fossfreedom> hi

 19:08 <sil2100> I guess we all know fossfreedom since we already handled his PPU applications, so not sure if any introduction is needed

 19:08 <sil2100> Questions regarding this application?

 19:08 <cyphermox> no questions from me

 19:10 <sil2100> Ok, I assume we are ready to vote

 19:11 <bdmurray> works for me

 19:11 <jbicha> micahg_work: do you need more time?

 19:11 * sil2100 is waiting

 19:11 <micahg_work> yeah, can I have 2 min?

 19:15 <jbicha> I see some nitpicks with the budgie-extras packaging ;)

 19:17 <micahg_work> I"m good

 19:17 <sil2100> #vote Add budgie-extras to fossfreedom's PPU rights

 19:17 <meetingology> Please vote on: Add budgie-extras to fossfreedom's PPU rights

 19:17 <meetingology> Public votes can be registered by saying +1, +0 or -1 in channel, (for private voting, private message me with 'vote +1/-1/+0 #channelname)

 19:17 <cyphermox> +1

 19:17 <meetingology> +1 received from cyphermox

 19:17 <bdmurray> +1

 19:17 <meetingology> +1 received from bdmurray

 19:17 <sil2100> +1 (an obvious addition to the packageset)

 19:17 <meetingology> +1 (an obvious addition to the packageset) received from sil2100

 19:18 <micahg_work> +1

 19:18 <meetingology> +1 received from micahg_work

 19:18 <jbicha> +1

 19:18 <meetingology> +1 received from jbicha

 19:18 <sil2100> #endvote

 19:18 <meetingology> Voting ended on: Add budgie-extras to fossfreedom's PPU rights

 19:18 <meetingology> Votes for:5 Votes against:0 Abstentions:0

 19:18 <meetingology> Motion carried

 19:18 <sil2100> fossfreedom: congrats o/

 19:19 <fossfreedom> many thanks all - cheers!

 19:19 <sil2100> I'll handle the addition of this package to the PPU set after the meeting

 19:19 <sil2100> #action sil2100 to add budgie-extras to fossfreedom's PPU set

 19:19 * meetingology sil2100 to add budgie-extras to fossfreedom's PPU set

 19:19 <sil2100> #topic AOB

 19:20 <sil2100> Anything to discuss? What did we end up with regarding our discussion of the ubuntu-budgie flavor packageset?

 19:21 <jbicha> I think cyphermox generated some updated package sets, but didn't get around to reviewing them?

 19:21 <bdmurray> There was an email from mapreri re a PPU addiition. Did that get addressed?

 19:22 <sil2100> bdmurray: hm, I guess not, he wasn't on the agenda - let me try finding that e-mail

 19:22 <bdmurray> sil2100: its from 1/23

 19:23 <sil2100> bdmurray: ok, found it

 19:23 <cyphermox> packageset is not created yet, there's a bug open about that

 19:23 <sil2100> bdmurray: since it's and addition to his PPU set, I guess he should set himself up for a DMB meeting, right?

 19:23 <cyphermox> it needs TB action

 19:23 <sil2100> s/and/an

 19:23 <bdmurray> cyphermox: it which?

 19:23 <sil2100> cyphermox: ok, but you're tracking that?

 19:23 <cyphermox> bdmurray: packageset creation

 19:23 <sil2100> (the budgie packageset?)

 19:24 <bdmurray> ack

 19:24 <cyphermox> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu-community/+bug/1733687

 19:24 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1733687 in Ubuntu "Please create the ubuntu-budgie seed packageset" [Undecided,Confirmed]

 19:25 <bdmurray> sil2100: is the DMB meeting needed for mapreri?

 19:26 <sil2100> bdmurray: I'm not sure, we did one for foss_freedom just now

 19:26 <sil2100> I'm not sure about the process

 19:27 <jbicha> the bottomo of https://wiki.ubuntu.com/DeveloperMembershipBoard/KnowledgeBase says DDs don't need a full meeting for approval?

 19:28 <sil2100> Ah, indeed, that's the case here

 19:28 <sil2100> Will someone handle his request then?

 19:32 <sil2100> bdmurray: can you take care of it?

 19:34 <sil2100> Ok, I'll take care of it then

 19:35 <sil2100> #action sil2100 to handle mapreri's request

 19:35 * meetingology sil2100 to handle mapreri's request

 19:35 <sil2100> Anything else?

 19:35 <bdmurray> sil2100: Sorry, I can do that

 19:36 <sil2100> #action bdmurray to handle sil2100's earlier request

 19:36 * meetingology bdmurray to handle sil2100's earlier request

 19:36 <sil2100> ;)

 19:36 <sil2100> Confusing

 19:36 <sil2100> Anyway, I need to run now so I'll be closing the meeting

 19:36 <sil2100> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)