== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team, 31 May at 15:13 &mdash; 15:40 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2018/ubuntu-meeting.2018-05-31-15.13.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning rounds ===
The discussion about "Lightning rounds" started at 15:13.

  * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/bugs/1758038 

=== AOB ===
The discussion about "AOB" started at 15:25.

  * ''LINK:'' https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2018-May/004479.html 



== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * bdmurray (20)
 * philroche (14)
 * cyphermox (13)
 * ubottu (12)
 * rbalint (11)
 * xnox (9)
 * Odd_Bloke (8)
 * slangasek (6)
 * doko (6)
 * rcj (5)
 * meetingology (3)



== Full Log ==


 15:13 <philroche> #startmeeting Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team

 15:13 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu May 31 15:13:13 2018 UTC.  The chair is philroche. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 15:13 <meetingology> 

 15:13 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 15:13 <philroche> #topic Lightning rounds

 15:13 <philroche> echo $(shuf -e slangasek bdmurray xnox tdaitx doko sil2100 rbalint infinity cyphermox mwhudson rcj philroche Odd_Bloke juliank fginther)

 15:13 <philroche> sil2100 juliank tdaitx doko Odd_Bloke cyphermox rcj philroche mwhudson xnox rbalint bdmurray slangasek infinity fginther

 15:14 <bdmurray> sil2100 is out I believe

 15:14 <bdmurray> and juliank and tdaitx

 15:14 <bdmurray> so doko?

 15:14 <philroche> fginther is out too

 15:14 <doko> - gcc-7 / gcc-8 updates again, and update the cross packges

 15:14 <doko> - python 3.7.0 beta5

 15:14 <doko> - openjdk-11 update

 15:14 <doko> - transitions continued

 15:14 <doko> - SRUs for llvm-defaults, python-pip, ncurses, binutils

 15:14 <doko> (done)

 15:15 <bdmurray> Odd_Bloke:

 15:15 <Odd_Bloke> * Partner visits last week, playing catch-up

 15:15 <Odd_Bloke> * Started work to reintroduce .tar.xz for cosmic and bionic cloud images (LP: #1585233)

 15:15 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1585233 in cloud-images "Provide -root.tar.xz for bionic and later" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1585233

 15:15 <Odd_Bloke> * Cloud image vanguarding, fixed a couple of internal build issues

 15:15 <Odd_Bloke> * Booked travel for upcoming sprints, filed expenses for sprints gone by

 15:15 <Odd_Bloke> * Worked to get python-flask to migrate in cosmic (by submitting patches to Debian)

 15:15 <Odd_Bloke> * Did some work on the python-numpy transition (submitted a patch to Debian, requested an upload of a newer version to Debian, some badtest'ing)

 15:15 <Odd_Bloke> (done)

 15:15 <Odd_Bloke> cyphermox:

 15:16 <cyphermox> argh

 15:16 <cyphermox> I'm there, just a sec

 15:16 <cyphermox> - netplan 0.38 release prep

 15:16 <cyphermox> - fixing autopkgtests

 15:16 <cyphermox> - netplan advanced network features planning

 15:16 <cyphermox> - livecd-rootfs cleanup grub diversions

 15:16 <cyphermox> - debugging livecd-rootfs autopkgtests

 15:16 <cyphermox> - fixed update-manager high CPU usage on "reboot" dialog (bug LP: #1637180)

 15:17 <cyphermox> - debugged netplan/systemd/cloud-init renaming issue

 15:17 <cyphermox> - submitted udev patch to follow renames in config .link files

 15:17 <cyphermox> - patched netplan (for SRU) to rename using udev rules

 15:17 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1637180 in update-manager (Ubuntu Bionic) ""The computer needs to restart" dialog constantly eats CPU" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1637180

 15:17 <cyphermox> - identified cloud-init issue breaking rename in some scenarios (LP: #1773397)

 15:17 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1773397 in cloud-init (Ubuntu) "cloud-init renames interfaces at every boot" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1773397

 15:17 <cyphermox> (done)

 15:17 <rcj> rcj:

 15:18 <rcj> * cloud image build machinery and skulduggery

 15:18 <rcj> * skunkworks

 15:18 <rcj> (done)

 15:18 <rcj> philroche:

 15:18 <philroche> * CPC build system vanguard

 15:18 <philroche> * Cloud image update verification

 15:18 <philroche> (done)

 15:18 <philroche> xnox:

 15:18 <xnox> * finishing up v238 systemd merge

 15:18 <xnox> * uploaded a few / & /usr file path conflict resolutions

 15:18 <xnox> * btrfs-progs migrated to testing and cosmic

 15:18 <xnox> * mdadm validated and looks mostly good

 15:18 <xnox> - however, there is still grub-install 4k bug to investigate

 15:19 <xnox> - help needed with it bug #1758038

 15:19 <ubottu> Error: Launchpad bug 1758038 could not be found

 15:19 <xnox> https://bugs.launchpad.net/bugs/1758038

 15:19 <xnox> team ^ help wanted =)

 15:20 <xnox> done, next

 15:20 <rbalint> (short week)

 15:20 <rbalint> * fixes to gce-compute-image-packages in Trusty

 15:20 <rbalint> * fix frequently crashing update-manager in bionic (on review, LP: #1773316 and many other duplicates)

 15:20 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1773316 in update-manager (Ubuntu) "/usr/bin/update-manager:ValueError:foreach_cb:packages_are_selected:is_selected:marked_install" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1773316

 15:20 <rbalint> * work i can't report here

 15:20 <rbalint> * discussions about the full unattended-upgrades 1.2 SRU

 15:20 <rbalint> (done)

 15:20 <bdmurray> submitted RT re reallocation of retracer units (failed queue to regular queue)

 15:20 <bdmurray> modified error tracker charms to improve setting / switching of cassandra server

 15:20 <bdmurray> tested switching of cassandra server in staging Error Tracker

 15:20 <bdmurray> added upstream developers to the Error Tracker

 15:20 <bdmurray> review and merging of paelzer's britney SRU hints merge proposals

 15:20 <bdmurray> tested distribution upgrade bug 1769954 again?

 15:20 <ubottu> bug 1769954 in desktop-file-utils (Ubuntu) "package desktop-file-utils 0.23-1ubuntu3 failed to install/upgrade: dependency problems - leaving triggers unprocessed" [Undecided,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1769954

 15:20 <bdmurray> replied to mojo spec RT re success of switching servers

 15:20 <bdmurray> uploaded lsvpd fixing lsmcode (LP: #1751986)

 15:20 <bdmurray> fix apport CVE bug LP: #1746668

 15:20 <bdmurray> uploaded Bionic apport SRU fixing (LP: #1766794, 1766740, 1769262, 1773012)

 15:20 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1751986 in The Ubuntu-power-systems project "[LTCTest][OPAL][OP920] lsmcode -A is not showing any output" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1751986

 15:20 <bdmurray> short week due to some holiday

 15:20 <ubottu> Error: Launchpad bug 1746668 could not be found

 15:20 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1769262 in apport (Ubuntu Bionic) "PythonDetails contains an error message if python not installed" [Low,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1769262

 15:20 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1773012 in apport (Ubuntu Bionic) "kernel bugs in bionic are reported about linux-signed and package hook doesn't run" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1773012

 15:20 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1766740 in apport (Ubuntu Bionic) "apport autopkgtest regression due to kernel packaging changes" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1766740

 15:20 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1766794 in apport (Ubuntu Bionic) "apport-collect doesn't create a ProblemType in the report" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1766794

 15:21 <bdmurray> âœ” done

 15:21 <bdmurray> slangasek:

 15:21 <slangasek> hi

 15:21 <slangasek> * short week, customer travel and bank holiday

 15:22 <slangasek> * and under the weather

 15:22 <slangasek> * worked on moving ubuntu seeds to git branches

 15:22 <slangasek> * worked on unsticking proposed-migration transitions (largely without success)

 15:22 <slangasek> (done)

 15:23 <philroche> infinity:

 15:25 <bdmurray> fginther is out right?

 15:25 <philroche> Correct. Moving on to AOB

 15:25 <philroche> #topic AOB

 15:28 <bdmurray> Nothing from me

 15:30 <rbalint> i's like to get feedback on u-u sru

 15:31 <rbalint> https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2018-May/004479.html

 15:31 <rbalint> i'd

 15:31 <rbalint> so we we can move it forward

 15:38 <bdmurray> I'll try and take a look at it, but maybe we should just discuss it at the sprint.

 15:38 <rbalint> bdmurray, ok, thanks!

 15:40 <philroche> Thank you all

 15:40 <philroche> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)