== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 15 Mar at 15:03 &mdash; 15:49 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2018/ubuntu-meeting.2018-03-15-15.03.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning Round ===
The discussion about "Lightning Round" started at 15:03.


=== Bugs ===
The discussion about "Bugs" started at 15:23.

  * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-bb-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs 

=== AOB ===
The discussion about "AOB" started at 15:48.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * slangasek (53)
 * juliank (30)
 * xnox (23)
 * bdmurray (21)
 * doko (18)
 * sil2100 (15)
 * cyphermox (15)
 * ubottu (14)
 * philroche (9)
 * rcj (7)
 * nacc (6)
 * tdaitx (4)
 * meetingology (3)



== Full Log ==


 15:03 <slangasek> #startmeeting

 15:03 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Mar 15 15:03:15 2018 UTC.  The chair is slangasek. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 15:03 <meetingology> 

 15:03 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 15:03 <slangasek> [TOPIC] Lightning Round

 15:03 <slangasek> $ echo $(shuf -e slangasek bdmurray xnox tdaitx doko sil2100 rbalint infinity cyphermox mwhudson rcj philroche Odd_Bloke tribaal fginther juliank)

 15:03 <slangasek> xnox Odd_Bloke tdaitx bdmurray cyphermox sil2100 rbalint mwhudson fginther slangasek philroche infinity rcj tribaal juliank doko

 15:03 <slangasek> xnox: HELLO

 15:03 <juliank> meeting moved up one hour in europe I think

 15:04 <juliank> IIRC

 15:04 <juliank> maybe we're all confused :D

 15:04 <slangasek> sure, per the calendar :)

 15:04 <bdmurray> I'm not confused about the meeting time, lots of other things though.

 15:06 <slangasek> Odd_Bloke is out today

 15:06 <slangasek> tdaitx said he might miss the meeting

 15:06 <slangasek> bdmurray:

 15:06 <tdaitx> * OpenJDK 9 as default JDK

 15:06 <tdaitx> - ongoing fixes and rebuilds

 15:06 <tdaitx> - syncing & waiting updates from debian

 15:06 <tdaitx> (done)

 15:06 <bdmurray> discussion with webops regarding retracer nagios alerts

 15:06 <bdmurray> uploaded software-properties fix for LP: #1693032

 15:06 <bdmurray> uploaded Artful SRUs for (LP: #1690541, LP: #1689668)

 15:06 <bdmurray> developed test case, uploaded fix for LP: #1693038

 15:06 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1693032 in software-properties (Ubuntu) "missing dependency on gnome-session-bin" [Medium,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1693032

 15:06 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1690541 in aptdaemon (Ubuntu Artful) "Scrolled windows in update-manager are too small to read" [High,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1690541

 15:06 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1689668 in aptdaemon (Ubuntu Artful) "dialog to resolve config file conflicts can be only one line high" [High,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1689668

 15:06 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1693038 in software-properties (Ubuntu) "needs to support restart on Lubuntu and Xubuntu" [Medium,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1693038

 15:06 <bdmurray> RU verification of aptdaemon (LP: #1690541, LP: #1689668)

 15:07 <bdmurray> investigation into retracer hangs (LP and ET)

 15:07 <bdmurray> discovered cause of retrace hangs (sandbox & glibc issue)

 15:07 <bdmurray> removed a bunch of core files from swift

 15:07 <bdmurray> updated retracer process clean up job for gdb call

 15:07 <bdmurray> investigation into rsyslog log rotation bug (LP: #940030)

 15:07 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 940030 in rsyslog (Ubuntu Bionic) "rsyslog stops working after logrotate until restarted" [Critical,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/940030

 15:07 <bdmurray> research into how plymouth --ping works (LP: #1705345)

 15:07 <bdmurray> found a way to make plymouth --ping hang

 15:07 <bdmurray> wrote a couple of tools to clean up unnecessary core files

 15:07 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1705345 in plymouth (Ubuntu) "Installing packages hangs on plymouth --ping" [Critical,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1705345

 15:07 <bdmurray> review of https://code.launchpad.net/~xnox/ubuntu-release-upgrader/lp1749199/+merge/341342

 15:07 <bdmurray> commented on LP: #1725359 again

 15:07 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1725359 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu) "release detection relies on lsb-release" [Low,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1725359

 15:07 <bdmurray> manual retracing / review of some Launchpad retracer failures

 15:07 <bdmurray> done

 15:07 <bdmurray> email discussion regarding snap errors at errors.u.c

 15:08 <cyphermox> uh, out of order done marker confused me

 15:08 <cyphermox> - MIR reviews

 15:08 <cyphermox> - doc/website/blog writing for netplan

 15:08 <cyphermox> - grub2 review for initramfs-less fallback

 15:08 <cyphermox> - [HIGHLIGHT] netplan.io 0.34 release

 15:08 <cyphermox> - preparing netplan.io 0.34.1: small bugfixes, build easier on other distros

 15:08 <cyphermox> - [HIGHLIGHT] made ubuntu-archive-assistant its own project

 15:08 <cyphermox> - investigating lubuntu ubiquity issues

 15:08 <cyphermox> - investigating casper netboot issues

 15:08 <cyphermox> (done)

 15:08 <sil2100> Argh, timezone madness

 15:09 <sil2100> o/

 15:09 <slangasek> sil2100: good timing, you're up :)

 15:09 <cyphermox> sil2100: your turn

 15:09 <sil2100> I'm... I'm not ready!

 15:09 <juliank> At least you're here :)

 15:09 <sil2100> (please skip me for now, I'll go last)

 15:10 <slangasek> rbalint:

 15:11 <slangasek> ok; and no fginther?

 15:11 <juliank> hmm, ok, me then

 15:11 <juliank> um no

 15:11 <philroche> fginther is on site today

 15:11 <doko> surprise meeting ...

 15:12 * juliank looked at unshuffled list...

 15:12 <slangasek> * sprint last week; off Monday

 15:12 <slangasek> * shepherding cloud kernels into bionic

 15:12 <slangasek> * discussions around archive rebuild with retpoline; ultimately decided against based on most current information

 15:12 <slangasek> * continued work on +1 maintenance (e.g. ruby), to clear the backlog for 18.04 release

 15:12 <slangasek> * worked with tribaal to prepare an MP to grub2 to let systems do opportunistic initramfsless boot with fallback https://code.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-core-dev/grub/+git/ubuntu/+merge/341272

 15:12 <slangasek> (done)

 15:13 <philroche> * Canonical sprint last week in Budapest

 15:13 <philroche> * Release review-gator snap https://dashboard.snapcraft.io/snaps/review-gator/

 15:13 <philroche> * Monday swap day

 15:13 <philroche> * Cloud image build system maintenance and feature development

 15:13 <philroche> * Cloud image build system vanguard this week

 15:13 <philroche> * Worked on providing 18.04 preview to cloud partners. Users can grap a daily from http://cloud-images.ubuntu.com/bionic/current/ for testing.

 15:13 <philroche> (done)

 15:13 * sil2100 is ready

 15:13 <slangasek> sil2100: go ahead

 15:14 <sil2100> - Last week: sprinting

 15:14 <sil2100> - SRU reviews and releases

 15:14 <sil2100> - Kernel reviews and releases

 15:14 <sil2100> - FFe reviews

 15:14 <sil2100> - Publishing the new google-cloud-sdk

 15:14 <sil2100> - Working on and testing of proof-of-concepts for grub2 --auto-nvram

 15:14 <sil2100> - Minor archive cleanups (stale/failed SRUs, removal of nplan)

 15:14 <sil2100> - Trying to reproduce ubuntu-image issues with system-data + content: syntax

 15:14 <sil2100> (done)

 15:14 <slangasek> rcj:

 15:15 <rcj> * Engineering sprint in Budapest last week

 15:15 <rcj> * Discussed tweaks to improve to cloud-image CVE process

 15:15 <rcj> * Worked on image publication improvements to improve error handling

 15:15 <rcj> * Added squashfs image to final Precise MAAS serial to enable re-installs for ESM (amd64)

 15:15 <rcj> * Reviewing netplan.io site documentation

 15:15 <rcj> * Vacation day on Monday

 15:15 <rcj> (done)

 15:17 <doko> tribaal:

 15:17 <philroche> tribaal is OoO

 15:18 <juliank> oh, tribaal is not here

 15:18 <juliank> - gnutls28 3.5.18 merge

 15:18 <juliank> - zstd emails

 15:18 <juliank> - got IS to enable https for changelogs.ubuntu.com (for meta-release files), changed update-manager and u-r-u to use that (bug 1744318), made apt(-get) changelog use it too ;)

 15:18 <juliank> - finding bugs on my newly setup bionic on my new laptop :)

 15:18 <juliank> (done)

 15:18 <juliank> oh, he is

 15:18 <juliank> well he's in the channel, how did I miss that

 15:18 <ubottu> bug 1744318 in update-manager (Ubuntu Bionic) "changelogs.ubuntu.com should be using HTTPS" [High,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1744318

 15:18 <slangasek> doko:

 15:18 <doko> - GCC 7 & GCC 8 updates, including cross compilers

 15:18 <doko> - enabled the sanitzer in GCC on s390x (nobody noticed before ...)

 15:18 <doko> - cross-toolchain-base updates, built from glibc-2.27

 15:18 <doko> - forwarded three GCC & binutils issues upstream

 15:18 <doko> - python 3.7 beta2

 15:18 <doko> - python 3.6 release candidate 1

 15:18 <doko> - updated openjdk-10 package

 15:18 <doko> - new openjdk-11 package \o/

 15:18 <doko> - made LLVM 6.0 the default LLVM

 15:18 <doko> - processed around 10 MIRs

 15:18 <doko> - fixing autopkg test failures ... ongoing saga

 15:19 <doko> (done)

 15:19 * xnox is very confused

 15:19 <juliank> xnox: do as the calendar says :)

 15:19 <slangasek> xnox: daylight shreddings time

 15:19 <slangasek> xnox: are you ready to give status?

 15:21 <xnox> • finished fixing keyring/invocation_id in containers both in systemd & kernel

 15:21 <xnox> • moving ruby transition along

 15:21 <xnox> • working on fixing network-manager <-> resolved integration

 15:21 <xnox> • fixing minimal image builds (in progress

 15:21 <xnox> • MIR/components missmatches zstd done

 15:21 <xnox> • done

 15:21 * juliank is lucky gnome-online-account calendar stuff is broken so he looked at calendar a lot

 15:21 <slangasek> xnox: "finished fixing" - oooh?

 15:22 <slangasek> juliank: haha

 15:22 <slangasek> any questions on status?

 15:22 <xnox> slangasek, yes; will resend kernel patch & will upload systemd patch. Basically i can make it work either way now. so to be fair kernel patch is redundant, but i know a lot more about keyrings now....

 15:23 <slangasek> xnox: but can you attach gif keychains to your keyrings

 15:23 <slangasek> [TOPIC] Bugs

 15:24 <slangasek> [LINK] http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-bb-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 15:24 <slangasek> LP: #1753361 - xnox that looks like a straightforward request?

 15:24 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1753361 in systemd (Ubuntu) "Please set a maximum size for the sytemd journal" [High,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1753361

 15:24 <juliank> huh?

 15:25 <juliank> it does have one

 15:25 <doko> I'll take #1751011

 15:25 <xnox> slangasek, it's already set

 15:25 <juliank> It's use up to 10%, and keep 15% free

 15:26 <xnox> there is a hard cap of 4GB as well

 15:26 <slangasek> ok. should we take it for more investigation?

 15:26 <juliank> Well, 4.5G is about 4

 15:26 <slangasek> doko: to do what with it?

 15:26 <slangasek> doko: we discussed this bug previously and we had nacked changing bash to make qemu-user happy

 15:27 <slangasek> in fact, I'm going to take that off the incoming list

 15:27 <xnox> slangasek, set that bug to invalid.

 15:28 <slangasek> xnox: ok

 15:29 <doko> slangasek: hmm

 15:29 <juliank> JFTR: I installed my T480s yesterday evening, and now at 4pm, journal is already using 4GB

 15:29 <doko> slangasek: that's not recorded in the bug report ...

 15:29 <juliank> but might have been broken chrome :)

 15:29 <bdmurray> doko: I thought I commented on the bug

 15:30 <slangasek> doko: but you also shouldn't be grabbing things from the rls-bb-incoming queue and committing to them individually, as that's an untriaged incoming queue that anyone can throw bugs into

 15:30 <doko> or I could merge bash ...

 15:30 <xnox> juliank, good! please read your journal to figure out if it is gnome-shell spamming it!

 15:31 <xnox> to me it pukes stacktraces into journal all the time....

 15:31 <juliank> I had a broken .cache/google-chrome and chrome was logging that multiple times a second :)

 15:31 <xnox> charming

 15:31 <slangasek> xnox: is LP: #1662137 still present?  you claimed it a year ago, now someone has tagged it for 18.04

 15:32 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1662137 in systemd (Ubuntu) "16.04 recovery shell works only for two minutes" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1662137

 15:32 <juliank> (it's a symlink to /run/user/1000/google-chrome which I create with systemd-tmpfiles)

 15:32 <xnox> slangasek, we outht to fix that yes....

 15:32 <slangasek> xnox: ok, claiming/tagging

 15:32 <xnox> slangasek, i believe this is friendly-recovery vs systemd issue, e.g. friedly-recovery should conflict / pause the emmergency shell; or for example, use the emergency shell things

 15:34 <slangasek> LP: #1750403 - I think this is already in progress and probably not actually a casper issue

 15:34 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1750403 in casper (Ubuntu) "Live Session - Increased memory usage with preinstalled snap (fails to start with - gnome-session timeout)" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1750403

 15:35 <slangasek> (will punt that for now, so we keep tabs on it)

 15:35 <slangasek> LP: #1592405 definitely needs fixing; claiming

 15:35 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1592405 in plymouth (Ubuntu) "plymouth hook in initramfs needs font but doesn't Depend on it" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1592405

 15:36 <slangasek> LP: #1601997 ?

 15:36 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1601997 in e2fsprogs (Ubuntu) "Ubuntu 16.10+ installer uses ext4 feature 'metadata_csum' which is incompatible with older (LTS) e2fsprogs" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1601997

 15:36 <xnox> slangasek, my opinion is that there are no actions to take.

 15:36 <juliank> +1

 15:36 <slangasek> I agree

 15:37 <cyphermox> +1

 15:38 <cyphermox> the only place where this is an issue is dual-boot

 15:39 <nacc> someone did bring up the idea of an iscsi disk hosted on 16.04 serving out as a target to 18.04

 15:39 <juliank> I don't see how dual boot is an issue. It's -new- filesystems, not old ones suddenly changing :D

 15:39 <nacc> the 18.04 would add a filesystem flag that the 16.04 host wouldn't be able to handle

 15:39 <nacc> dunno if that's a realistic case or not, but it's something i hadn't considered before

 15:40 <slangasek> nacc: so that falls on its face, and the user remakes the fs with -O -metadata_csum; done?

 15:41 <xnox> nacc, why would iscsi disk server; touch the exported disks? surely what filesystems client puts on iscsi disk, is none of the iscsi disk server problems...?!

 15:41 <nacc> slangasek: yes, that's probably true

 15:41 <nacc> xnox: fair response; I believe NAS-like devices do fs consistency checks periodically, but I might be wrong

 15:41 <slangasek> it also wouldn't fail an fsck

 15:41 <nacc> xnox: it was simply a thought that was brought up by a responsive community member

 15:41 <xnox> nacc, no no no no =) that would be bad

 15:42 <xnox> sure.

 15:42 <slangasek> it's not like new e2fsprogs can't understand filesystems made with old options

 15:42 <cyphermox> I think we all agree it's an "expert" use case, and those who do something affected should know to disable metadata_csum

 15:42 <juliank> I think you can even r/o mount it on an older _kernel_ release that does not understand metadata_csum, or am I wrong?

 15:42 <xnox> and 16.04 will get bionic's kernel

 15:42 <juliank> and that, yes

 15:42 <xnox> via hwe

 15:42 <cyphermox> discussed to death yet?

 15:43 <juliank> but there are people not using hwe :D

 15:43 <slangasek> I've marked the bug wontfix

 15:43 <slangasek> LP: #1682637

 15:43 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1682637 in friendly-recovery (Ubuntu) "during recovery mode, enable network failed due to /etc/resolv.conf not being present" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1682637

 15:43 <slangasek> xnox probably wants this one too :)

 15:43 <xnox> sure

 15:48 <slangasek> ok there are still a few more in the queue but I think that's enough time spent on these for now

 15:48 <slangasek> [TOPIC] AOB

 15:48 <slangasek> anything else?

 15:49 <bdmurray> Nope

 15:49 <sil2100> Nope

 15:49 <slangasek> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)