== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 25 Jan at 16:01 &mdash; 16:17 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2018/ubuntu-meeting.2018-01-25-16.01.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning round ===
The discussion about "Lightning round" started at 16:01.


=== AOB ===
The discussion about "AOB" started at 16:14.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * slangasek (42)
 * sil2100 (28)
 * cyphermox (22)
 * tdaitx (10)
 * juliank (9)
 * fginther (7)
 * rbalint (5)
 * ubottu (5)
 * Odd_Bloke (5)
 * rcj (4)
 * philroche (3)
 * meetingology (3)



== Full Log ==


 16:01 <slangasek> #startmeeting

 16:01 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Jan 25 16:01:00 2018 UTC.  The chair is slangasek. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:01 <meetingology> 

 16:01 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 16:01 <slangasek> [TOPIC] Lightning round

 16:01 <slangasek> $ echo $(shuf -e slangasek bdmurray xnox tdaitx doko sil2100 rbalint infinity cyphermox mwhudson rcj philroche Odd_Bloke tribaal fginther juliank)

 16:01 <slangasek> doko slangasek cyphermox mwhudson bdmurray rcj Odd_Bloke fginther philroche xnox sil2100 juliank rbalint tribaal infinity tdaitx

 16:01 <slangasek> and doko is out today

 16:01 * Odd_Bloke is running late from a previous meeting, if he could be deferred to the end of the round.

 16:01 <slangasek> so I win!

 16:01 <slangasek> Odd_Bloke: ack

 16:01 <rbalint> o/

 16:02 <slangasek> * at product sprint in cape town last week, and off M-W this week, so little to report

 16:02 <slangasek> * continuing engagement around Spectre+Meltdown

 16:02 <slangasek> cyphermox:

 16:02 <slangasek> (done)

 16:02 <cyphermox> I'm not done yet

 16:02 <sil2100> Oh, looks like slangasek said that cyphermox is done

 16:02 <sil2100> ;)

 16:02 <cyphermox> MIR:

 16:02 <cyphermox> - review rdma-core

 16:02 <cyphermox> bionic:

 16:02 <cyphermox> - discuss further netcfg fixes for hostname preseeding with slashd

 16:03 <cyphermox> netplan:

 16:03 <cyphermox> y

 16:03 <cyphermox> argh

 16:03 <cyphermox> - fixup for Ryan's port-priority update

 16:03 <cyphermox> - migrate netplan to github

 16:03 <cyphermox> - release 0.33 (highlight)

 16:03 <cyphermox> - setup per-commit CI

 16:03 <cyphermox> shim-review:

 16:03 <cyphermox> - review Blancco shim

 16:03 <cyphermox> - review IGEL's shim

 16:03 <cyphermox> xenial:

 16:03 <cyphermox> - grub2 net NIC selection fix

 16:03 <cyphermox> other stuff:

 16:03 <cyphermox> - code-review for rcj's initramfs-compression fix for ubuntu-cpc

 16:03 <cyphermox> - discuss netplan and juju interaction for /e/n/i fix

 16:03 <cyphermox> (done) (done)

 16:03 <cyphermox> hmm, looks like I need to fix my xslt for that highlight

 16:04 <slangasek> cyphermox, sil2100: speculative execution via IRC?  because I entered those lines in the correct order ;)

 16:04 <slangasek> bdmurray:

 16:04 <slangasek> bdmurray is off

 16:04 <slangasek> rcj:

 16:04 <sil2100> ;)

 16:05 <rcj> - Publication of new cloud release images in response to Spectre-related kernel

 16:05 <rcj> updates

 16:05 <rcj> - cloud-image build system engineering

 16:05 <rcj> (done)

 16:05 <fginther> * CVE-2017-5754 related image publication

 16:05 <fginther> - Monitoring and performing some manual operations to publish images

 16:05 <fginther> - Fixed an issue that was causing an image build failure

 16:05 <fginther> * Performed some End-of-Life updates for zesty

 16:05 <ubottu> Systems with microprocessors utilizing speculative execution and indirect branch prediction may allow unauthorized disclosure of information to an attacker with local user access via a side-channel analysis of the data cache. (http://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2017-5754)

 16:05 <fginther> * Development work for automated image publication to a partner cloud

 16:05 <fginther> * Identified some firewall updates needed for external endpoint changes

 16:06 <fginther> (done)

 16:06 <philroche> * Cloud image build system maintenance

 16:06 <philroche> * Spectre CVE cloud image delivery

 16:06 <philroche> (done)

 16:06 <slangasek> xnox is out

 16:06 <slangasek> sil2100:

 16:06 <sil2100> - Once again a lot of respin kernel SRUs

 16:06 <sil2100> - Regular SRU reviews and releases

 16:06 <sil2100> - Handling the release of xenial 16.04.4 language-pack updates

 16:06 <sil2100> - Preparing the base bionic language packs for upload

 16:06 <sil2100> - Fixing my broken kernel-sru bot instance

 16:06 <sil2100> - Preparing and uploading grub2 for vt.handoff=1 switch (with testing)

 16:06 <sil2100> * Also looking into what the vt.handoff kernel code actually does

 16:06 <sil2100> - Checking some autopkgtest failures for some xenial python-defaults landings

 16:06 <sil2100> - Working on some NBS:

 16:06 <sil2100> * Sending patch for debian-cd to Debian

 16:06 <sil2100> * Trying to remove NBS dep from activemq - package FTBFS

 16:06 <sil2100> - 16.04.4 discussions

 16:06 <sil2100> (done)

 16:07 <slangasek> juliank:

 16:07 <juliank> * updated the distro a bit - 13 "new" merges & syncs (since last meeting): zsh, transmission (CVE-2018-5702), aptitude, brltty (bug 1741070), readline (sync), slang2, strace, gnutls28, kbd, wget, valgrind, dash, curl

 16:07 <juliank> * 3 other simple uploads: ppc64-diag (bug 1744707), lsvpd (bug 1741070), lshw (bug 1741070) - simple backlog growth prevention.

 16:07 <juliank> * finished the multipath-tools merge, thanks cpaelzer for reviewing and testing it

 16:07 <juliank> * would like to merge some harder stuff like rsyslog or pam

 16:07 <juliank> * need to fix some regressions from the merges :(

 16:07 <ubottu> bug 1741070 in brltty (Ubuntu) "Please merge brltty (main) 5.5-4 from Debian unstable (main)" [Wishlist,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1741070

 16:07 <ubottu> Transmission through 2.92 relies on X-Transmission-Session-Id (which is not a forbidden header for Fetch) for access control, which allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary RPC commands, and consequently write to arbitrary files, via POST requests to /transmission/rpc in conjunction with a DNS rebinding attack. (http://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2018-5702)

 16:07 <ubottu> bug 1744707 in The Ubuntu-power-systems project "ppc64-diag fixes for Ubuntu 18.04" [High,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1744707

 16:07 <slangasek> sil2100: kernel-sru bot?

 16:07 <sil2100> slangasek: I have a bot that pokes me whenever there's a new kernel ready for review or release

 16:07 <juliank> (done)

 16:07 <rbalint> * flash-kernel merge, waiting a test on actual hw in LP: #1690650

 16:07 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1690650 in flash-kernel (Ubuntu) "flash kernel reports unsupported platform on rpi 2 1.2" [Undecided,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1690650

 16:07 <rbalint> * internal testbed setup

 16:08 <rbalint> (done)

 16:08 <slangasek> juliank: pam already has a merge in progress, please don't steal

 16:08 <sil2100> slangasek: but it got busted, mainly because my instance ran out of disk space due to the kernels, but now I'm manually autoremoving those just in case ;)

 16:08 <juliank> slangasek: awesome

 16:08 <slangasek> sil2100: if only we had some technology to autoremove unused kernels

 16:09 * juliank wanted to ask about that later

 16:09 <sil2100> ;)

 16:09 <slangasek> tribaal:

 16:09 <rbalint> slangasek: i'm on it, :-)

 16:09 <juliank> slangasek: there's a bug about automatic autoremoval in apt from sabdfl :)

 16:10 <slangasek> no tribaal?

 16:10 <slangasek> and no infinity

 16:10 <slangasek> tdaitx:

 16:10 <tdaitx> * OpenJDK 8 security updates:

 16:10 <tdaitx> - armhf, arm64, and s390x demanding some love (hotspot security fixes)

 16:10 <tdaitx> * Ongoing backport to OpenJDK 7

 16:10 <tdaitx> * Testing OpenJDK 9.0.4 as default openjdk

 16:10 <tdaitx> - going albeit slow, need to free more space again

 16:10 <tdaitx> AOB:

 16:10 <tdaitx> - where should I go to debug s390x core files? is there a porter box somewhere?

 16:10 <tdaitx> - docker is a buffoon and leaves piles of btrfs subvolumes around

 16:10 <tdaitx> (done)

 16:10 <Odd_Bloke> * Similar to Steve, at product sprint and off for most of this week

 16:10 <Odd_Bloke> * Continued Meltdown/Spectre work

 16:10 <Odd_Bloke> * Adding the lxd snap to our matrix of lxd testing

 16:10 <Odd_Bloke> (done)

 16:12 <slangasek> tdaitx: there's not a formal "porter box" setup for s390x but we can get you access

 16:12 <slangasek> tdaitx: ping me after the meeting?

 16:12 <tdaitx> slangasek: sure, thanks!

 16:12 <slangasek> any questions over status?

 16:13 <slangasek> since bdmurray is off, I think we'll skip over bugs this week

 16:14 <slangasek> [TOPIC] AOB

 16:14 <slangasek> anything else?

 16:14 <sil2100> I have a question

 16:14 <sil2100> So debian-cd is holding up lynx-cur as an NBS, but I see that we never actually had an Ubuntu delata in debian-cd

 16:14 <slangasek> the nbs report is blind to alternatives and such

 16:14 <sil2100> I forwarded the patch to Debian, but should we wait for the next debian-cd release that will get synced?

 16:15 <slangasek> is it possible this is not a real blocker for removal?

 16:15 <slangasek> Depends: lynx-cur | lynx

 16:15 <sil2100> Not sure, I thought alternatives still keep the binary around

 16:15 <slangasek> so should be possible to remove

 16:15 <sil2100> Oh, this I did not know!

 16:15 <slangasek> the report could be improved

 16:16 <sil2100> slangasek: ok, then I'll just remove the binary then, since that's the only leftover

 16:16 <sil2100> phew

 16:16 <slangasek> sil2100: sounds good :)

 16:16 <sil2100> I thought I'd have to eb the bad guy to first introduce an ubuntu delta for debian-cd ;p

 16:16 <sil2100> Thanks!

 16:17 <slangasek> ok cool

 16:17 <slangasek> anything else?

 16:17 <slangasek> quick meeting

 16:17 <slangasek> everyone can get back to the fire drills in progress

 16:17 <slangasek> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)