== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 05 Jul at 15:03 &mdash; 15:28 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2018/ubuntu-meeting.2018-07-05-15.03.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning round ===
The discussion about "Lightning round" started at 15:04.


=== Bugs ===
The discussion about "Bugs" started at 15:16.


=== AOB ===
The discussion about "AOB" started at 15:17.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * slangasek (33)
 * tdaitx (20)
 * sil2100 (20)
 * cyphermox (15)
 * bdmurray (14)
 * xnox (13)
 * juliank (10)
 * rbalint (9)
 * ubottu (7)
 * doko (6)
 * fginther (6)
 * Odd_Bloke (6)
 * rcj (5)
 * philroche (4)
 * meetingology (3)



== Full Log ==


 15:03 <slangasek> #startmeeting

 15:03 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Jul  5 15:03:35 2018 UTC.  The chair is slangasek. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 15:03 <meetingology> 

 15:03 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 15:03 <xnox> genii, never a conflict..... at least not in this channel. but there is also #ubuntu-meeting-2

 15:03 <rbalint> o/

 15:04 <slangasek> [TOPIC] Lightning round

 15:04 <slangasek> $ echo $(shuf -e slangasek bdmurray xnox tdaitx doko sil2100 rbalint infinity cyphermox mwhudson rcj philroche Odd_Bloke juliank fginther)

 15:04 <slangasek> mwhudson sil2100 rbalint fginther slangasek Odd_Bloke philroche infinity doko bdmurray tdaitx rcj cyphermox xnox juliank

 15:04 <slangasek> sil2100: hullo

 15:04 <sil2100> Uh oh

 15:04 <sil2100> I... won

 15:04 <sil2100> - SRU reviews and releases

 15:04 <sil2100> - Kernels:

 15:04 <sil2100> * Released new kernels on Monday, 4.15 regression noted

 15:04 <sil2100> * Reviewed new point-release cycle kernels

 15:04 <sil2100> * Reviewed re-spins of the new cycle kernels with the regression fix

 15:04 <sil2100> - partman:

 15:04 <sil2100> * Uploaded partman-efi and -auto SRUs to bionic

 15:04 <sil2100> * Removed leftover checks for ignore_uefi

 15:04 <sil2100> * Lots and lots of install tests for SRU verification on a kvm

 15:04 <sil2100> - grub:

 15:04 <sil2100> * Uploaded grub and shim related SRUs to bionic

 15:04 <sil2100> * Performing validation of the SRUs (not fully complete yet)

 15:04 <sil2100> - Sponsoring of some uploads (console-setup, livecd-rootfs)

 15:04 <sil2100> - Looking into newly encountered ubuntu-image issues due to gadget.yaml spec additions

 15:04 <sil2100> - Preparation for the next xenial langpack scheduled update

 15:04 <sil2100> (done)

 15:05 <slangasek> rbalint:

 15:05 <rbalint> (short week)

 15:05 <rbalint> * verified ebtables wsl fix on remaining releases

 15:05 <rbalint> * many unattended-upgrades updates including speedup around 10x,

 15:06 <rbalint> one more change is being tested before 1.4

 15:06 <rbalint> * updated gce-compute-image-packages

 15:06 <rbalint> * things i can't talk about

 15:06 <rbalint> (done)

 15:06 <slangasek> fginther:

 15:06 <fginther> * livecd-rootfs SRU for adding pollinate to minimal images

 15:06 <fginther> * livecd-rootfs SRUs for updating unminimize scripts

 15:06 <fginther> * cloud images build system vanguard

 15:06 <fginther> * updating 14.04 ppc64el image builds for maas

 15:06 <fginther> (done)

 15:07 <slangasek> * short week, US holiday yesterday

 15:07 <slangasek> * trying to troubleshoot image build failures in cosmic; first debootstrap was broken, now apt is throwing exceptions?

 15:07 <fginther> slangasek:

 15:07 <slangasek> * SRU reviews

 15:07 <slangasek> * NEW reviews

 15:07 <slangasek> * livecd-rootfs xenial sponsorship to get pollinate back into minimal images

 15:07 <slangasek> (done)

 15:07 <slangasek> Odd_Bloke:

 15:07 <Odd_Bloke> * Short week

 15:07 <Odd_Bloke> * Worked on following lp:simplestreams migration to git

 15:07 <Odd_Bloke> * Various partner bits

 15:07 <Odd_Bloke> * Preparation for the minimal image launch next week

 15:07 <Odd_Bloke> (done)

 15:07 <Odd_Bloke> philroche:

 15:07 <philroche> * Minimal image preparation

 15:07 <philroche> * Cloud image build system vanguard

 15:07 <philroche> (done)

 15:08 <philroche> infinity:

 15:08 <slangasek> not here

 15:08 <slangasek> doko:

 15:09 <doko> - working on random python3.7 fixes

 15:09 <doko> - working half time this week

 15:09 <doko> (done, sorry, didn't prepare the status)

 15:09 <slangasek> bdmurray:

 15:10 <bdmurray> granted error tracker access to an evince developer and a DD

 15:10 <bdmurray> fixed issues with mojo spec code revision, secret leaking, and a script location

 15:10 <bdmurray> tested mojo spec production daisy, retracer units (good!)

 15:10 <bdmurray> tested mojo spec production errors units (issue with LP integration)

 15:10 <bdmurray> modified u-r-u deb2snap code to ask yes/no dialog re upgrade instead of aborting

 15:10 <bdmurray> modified wording in u-r-u deb2snap code

 15:10 <bdmurray> modified u-r-u deb2snap code to remove debs if snap is already installed

 15:10 <bdmurray> integrated snap connectivity check into u-r-u deb2snap code

 15:10 <bdmurray> reviewed a software-properties merge proposal

 15:10 <bdmurray> discovered a screen locking bug after the upgrade from 16.04 to 18.04 when testing LP: #1778817

 15:10 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1778817 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu Bionic) "release upgrade from xenial to bionic desktop: screen locks itself, password to unlock fails" [Critical,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1778817

 15:10 <bdmurray> âœ” done

 15:10 <tdaitx> sorry, prepared my status in a hurry, ended up a bit verbose

 15:10 <tdaitx> * JCK 8:

 15:10 <tdaitx> - xfwm got better results

 15:10 <tdaitx> - 20+ tests still need more than one run to pass

 15:10 <tdaitx> - some parts of the runtime JCK can be run without the reference implementation, thus might be possible to use that subset in a autopkgtest

 15:10 <tdaitx> - devtools and compiler still demand the reference implementation

 15:10 <tdaitx> - jck needs to be unpacked using the reference implementation (ongoing, not sure this will affect the test results)

 15:10 <tdaitx> * Investigated the --release VS -source/-target issue reported on debian

 15:10 <tdaitx> - release does not expose OpenJDK internal API, thus packages that use those FTBFS

 15:10 <tdaitx> - source/target causes runtime compatibility problems, ie. packages build with openjdk 9+ can't be run on openjdk-8

 15:10 <tdaitx> - overall openjdk-9+ is not compatible with openjdk-8 software that rely on internals

 15:10 <tdaitx> - nobody should using the internal API, which is now a maintenance hell

 15:10 <tdaitx> Other:

 15:10 <tdaitx> * lxd 3 decides to bind and save my dynamic wifi ip into its database making the daemon inaccessible (not even lxd --init works), moving to the old ip works, still need to check the db files, reproduce and report the issue

 15:10 <tdaitx> * cloud-init didn't work with images from lxc ubuntu: (user data was saved but never used/consumed, runcmd/bootcmd never ran, etc)

 15:10 <tdaitx> * got a Xenial armhf image up and running to test openjdk-7 + eclipse on Trusty, but setup and install still takes quite some time (and for whatever reason apt sources.list gets rewritten on reboot, gah)

 15:10 <tdaitx> (done)

 15:10 <rcj> rcj:

 15:10 <rcj> * Various cloud partner work

 15:10 <rcj> * Cloud image cleanup

 15:11 <rcj> * (off yesterday)

 15:11 <xnox> cyphermox, ?

 15:11 <slangasek> tdaitx: what packages are affected by the internal API break?

 15:11 <cyphermox> I wasn't sure if rcj was done

 15:11 <cyphermox> - monday was off

 15:11 <cyphermox> - MIR reviews

 15:11 <cyphermox> - SRUs:

 15:11 <cyphermox> - finishing trusty's shim

 15:11 <cyphermox> - verify update-manager (artful)

 15:11 <cyphermox> - verifying initramfs-tools (xenial, artful, bionic)

 15:12 <cyphermox> - investigate UEFI booting failure due to path case on some firmwares

 15:12 <cyphermox> - finishing upstream work on MokManager timeouts

 15:12 <cyphermox> - netplan ipv4 link-local support

 15:12 <cyphermox> (done)

 15:12 <xnox> * Working on subiquity:

 15:12 <xnox> - added network interface UI screen

 15:12 <xnox> - fix up flake8 of the vlan screen

 15:12 <xnox> - working on fixing focus bug

 15:12 <xnox> - working on bonds UI

 15:12 <xnox> * boost1.67 is in debian NEW queue

 15:12 <xnox> * uploaded new qclib

 15:12 <xnox> * working on fixing systemd adt fail in cosmic

 15:12 <xnox> * I'm offline next week through 16th of july

 15:12 <xnox> Done

 15:12 <rcj> (done)

 15:12 <slangasek> juliank:

 15:12 <tdaitx> slangasek: I don't have a list at hand, but quite a lot broke when debian made the change to ant (they didn't even do maven or gradle)

 15:12 <slangasek> hmm

 15:13 <juliank> * SRU update-manager/bionic for bug 1771914, yet to verify

 15:13 <ubottu> bug 1771914 in update-manager (Ubuntu Bionic) "release-upgrade-motd can't update message via apt proxy" [Undecided,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1771914

 15:13 <juliank> * SRU {amd64,intel}-microcode/{bionic,artful,xenial,trusty} for bug 1778738, yet to verify

 15:13 <ubottu> bug 1778738 in intel-microcode (Ubuntu Bionic) "Default to early instead of auto when MODULES=most" [Undecided,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1778738

 15:13 <juliank> * some apt bug triage

 15:13 <juliank> * preparing python-apt SRU for xenial for bug 1773316 (well, title needs fixing for that, slightly different instance)

 15:13 <ubottu> bug 1773316 in update-manager (Ubuntu Xenial) "Object of different cache passed as argument to apt_pkg.DepCache method" [Undecided,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1773316

 15:13 <juliank> * while doing that, found I introduced a regression (bug 1780099), needs bionic+cosmic updates

 15:13 <ubottu> bug 1780099 in python-apt (Ubuntu) "Cache remapping breaks hashing of Package objects" [Undecided,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1780099

 15:13 <juliank> * working on PackageKit socket-activated debconf integration (bug 1726068, https://github.com/hughsie/PackageKit/issues/257); plan to ship debconf socket unit and helper service in packagekit and make aptdaemon use that one too

 15:13 <ubottu> bug 1726068 in aptdaemon (Ubuntu) "debconf socket closes if aptdaemon/PK client exits" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1726068

 15:13 <juliank> (done)

 15:13 <tdaitx> slangasek: base64 and Unsafe are internal classes that folks used quite a lot

 15:14 <slangasek> any other questions on status?

 15:14 <slangasek> xnox: did you see my follow-up comment on LP: #1779685?

 15:14 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1779685 in mdadm (Ubuntu Bionic) "[18.04.1] Backport support for Intel VROC arrays in mdadm" [High,Incomplete] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1779685

 15:15 <tdaitx> and some of the internal ones have no exact replacement (sun.misc.Unsafe being the most important/used one)

 15:15 <juliank> oh

 15:15 * juliank also reviewed https://github.com/hughsie/PackageKit/pull/253

 15:15 <xnox> slangasek, yes, to reply still.

 15:15 <slangasek> xnox: ok

 15:16 <slangasek> [TOPIC] Bugs

 15:16 <slangasek> bdmurray:

 15:17 <bdmurray> I don't have anything new for today.

 15:17 <slangasek> ok

 15:17 <slangasek> [TOPIC] AOB

 15:17 <slangasek> anything else?

 15:18 <cyphermox> what are schedules like for the next weeks?

 15:18 <cyphermox> I mean, who's here and who's not?

 15:19 <cyphermox> given that there are vacations and all

 15:19 <slangasek> week after next is Montreal sprint for some of us

 15:19 <rbalint> i'm here till debcamp

 15:19 <bdmurray> I'm out the 13th and part of the 12th.

 15:20 <juliank> I'm here all of the next 2 weeks

 15:20 <sil2100> I'm here always

 15:20 <sil2100> ...always

 15:20 <doko> transition status? I assume nobody is working on that explicitly until the debian import freeze ...

 15:20 <bdmurray> forever?

 15:20 <cyphermox> sil2100: always?

 15:24 <slangasek> doko: oh, well, I currently have autoimports disabled by discussion yesterday (or was it Tuesday?) on #ubuntu-release

 15:25 <doko> ahh, I didn't follow irc that closely

 15:25 <doko> I'll look over autopkg test failures and give those back which should succeed with all-proposed=1

 15:26 <slangasek> ok

 15:27 <slangasek> alright, if there's nothing else...

 15:28 <slangasek> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)