== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting: DMB, 09 Apr at 15:02 &mdash; 16:26 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2018/ubuntu-meeting.2018-04-09-15.02.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Review of previous action items ===
The discussion about "Review of previous action items" started at 15:02.


=== Package Set/Per Package Uploader Applications ===
The discussion about "Package Set/Per Package Uploader Applications" started at 15:03.

 * '''handsome_feng applying for ~ubuntukylin-dev''' (15:03)
  * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/ukui-panel/+bug/1760789 

=== Expiring DMB seats ===
The discussion about "Expiring DMB seats" started at 16:19.

  * ''ACTION:'' jbicha to arrange call for nominations and election if required

=== AOB ===
The discussion about "AOB" started at 16:24.

 * '''Ubuntu GNOME packageset update''' (16:24)
  * We're waiting on darkxst to update the seed



== Vote results ==




== Action items, by person ==

 * jbicha
  * jbicha to arrange call for nominations and election if required



== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * rbasak (38)
 * handsome_feng (20)
 * jbicha (10)
 * micahg` (7)
 * sil2100 (7)
 * meetingology (4)
 * cyphermox (3)
 * ubottu (2)
 * bdmurray (2)



== Full Log ==


 15:02 <rbasak> #startmeeting DMB

 15:02 <meetingology> Meeting started Mon Apr  9 15:02:28 2018 UTC.  The chair is rbasak. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 15:02 <meetingology> 

 15:02 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 15:02 <jbicha> o/

 15:02 <rbasak> #topic Review of previous action items

 15:02 <rbasak> jbicha to add slahd to ubuntu-core-dev and send announcements (done)

 15:02 <rbasak> That's done then :)

 15:03 <rbasak> #topic Package Set/Per Package Uploader Applications

 15:03 <rbasak> #subtopic handsome_feng applying for ~ubuntukylin-dev

 15:03 <rbasak> handsome_feng: welcome! Please could you introduce your application?

 15:04 <handsome_feng> Hello,everyone, I'm handsome_feng, I've been an member of ubuntu kylin for more than 3 years,and I'm one of the administrators of that team, my main duties these days are develop/maintain UKUI and other kylin packages, and still sorry for my poor english,  I may reply you a bit slowly. Thanks! :) for reference: https://wiki.ubuntu.com/handsome_feng/UbuntuKylinDeveloperApplication

 15:06 <handsome_feng> Any questions? :)

 15:06 * sil2100 is still reading the application

 15:10 <bdmurray> handsome_feng: Your application has nothing in the "What I like least in Ubuntu" section. Is there nothing you like least?

 15:10 <jbicha> handsome_feng: several UKUI packages are in Debian but they haven't been updated there recently. How would you get them updated in Debian?

 15:10 <cyphermox> handsome_feng: do you have examples of your work that are not ukui -- that are things you currently do not have access to upload yourself, not sponsored by Simon?

 15:12 <handsome_feng> bdmurray: Sorry, Maybe I missed that, but in fact, I have never thought that, I always notice the things I like

 15:14 <handsome_feng> jbicha: I will file a itp bug, but now we are focus on the update of UKUI and other kylin packages, when we finish the work in ubuntu , we will do that

 15:15 <jbicha> handsome_feng: ITP (Intent to Package) bugs are only for packages that are not yet in Debian. I'm curious if you know how to update packages that are in Debian

 15:16 <handsome_feng> cyphermox: In 17.10, the new ukui packages are uploaded by jbicha, does that counted?

 15:16 <cyphermox> handsome_feng: no, I mean things you upload that needed to be sponsored by someone

 15:18 <handsome_feng> jbicha: eee, sorry, I thought you mean the new ukui packages, to update an packages already in debian, we should upload it to mentors.debian.net and send RFS

 15:19 <jbicha> handsome_feng: thank you. That was the answer I was looking for :)

 15:20 <handsome_feng> cyphermox: When I have sometings that I need to be sponsored, I will file a bug, and subscribe ubuntu-sponrner team

 15:21 <jbicha> handsome_feng: I think you've only done one SRU. Is there a reason you haven't done more stable release updates?

 15:24 <handsome_feng> jbicha: We will do that when it need an sru, but the version before 17.10, we only have some applications in the iso, so we didn't need or we didn't find a bug in that applications

 15:25 <jbicha> ok

 15:31 <handsome_feng> cyphermox:  except UKUI, I also maintain kylin-greeter, ubuntukylin-default-settings

 15:32 <handsome_feng> ubuntu-kylin-docs and so on

 15:34 <handsome_feng> cyphermox: Do I understand your question correctly?

 15:35 <rbasak> handsome_feng: could you find some good examples of your sponsored uploads, please, that demonstrate the most complex type of work you've done on this packageset?

 15:41 <cyphermox> handsome_feng: yes, thanks

 15:42 <handsome_feng> rbasak: Maybe peony-extensions? I combine caja-extensions and engrampa.

 15:42 <rbasak> handsome_feng: which specific upload (including version) are you referring to please?

 15:44 <rbasak> handsome_feng: for me, a key part of assessing your application is to examine your work. Specifically your uploads for which you required sponsorship that you will no longer require sponsorship if your application is successful.

 15:44 <rbasak> handsome_feng: right now I'm struggling to find this work.

 15:47 <handsome_feng> rbasak: The initial version of peony-extensions, I update the rules and compat to fit the new debian policy, and check the license, fix the lintian warrings

 15:48 <rbasak> handsome_feng: OK. Do you have other examples please?

 15:48 <micahg`> right, but that's also something you maintain compared to other things in the UbuntuKylin packageset that aren't created by you

 15:49 <micahg`> s/maintain/created/

 15:54 <handsome_feng> micahg`: During the test of ubuntu kylin 18.04 beta, we find a bug in mate-terminal, we will file a bug about that , and support an patch. If a package in not maintain by me, I will not upload it directly, I will ping the owner.

 15:55 <micahg`> my point was, I think rbasak is looking for stuff that you've worked with in the UbuntuKylin flavour packageset that's outside of the packages that UbuntuKylin itself created

 15:55 <rbasak> Right.

 15:55 <handsome_feng> rbasak: Before upload an package, I always do that work(check the diff, build, and test)

 15:56 <rbasak> handsome_feng: I cannot assess an application without seeing examples of sponsored uploads.

 15:56 <rbasak> handsome_feng: I think you should update your application wiki to add links to them

 15:57 <rbasak> handsome_feng: they should be examples your work that required sponsorship and are in the packageset to which you're requesting direct upload access.

 15:59 <rbasak> handsome_feng: that's my personal opinion. Until I have this list and have reviewed it, I am not in favour of progressing your application.

 15:59 <rbasak> This isn't a rejection your application - I just feel that it is incomplete at the moment.

 16:00 <sil2100> I think most of handsome_feng's recent uploads are in the kylin packageset, so in theory those should fit your description

 16:00 <sil2100> Even though those were NEW uploads, I assume those will not stay in the initial versions forever

 16:01 <rbasak> How should we proceed?

 16:02 <bdmurray> I also would like to have the examples rbasak has requested.

 16:03 <handsome_feng> rbasak: Sorry, give me a litter more time, I'm looking up the dictionary..

 16:04 <micahg`> +1

 16:04 <micahg`> to the information :)

 16:07 <handsome_feng> Do you mean things like this?  https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/ukui-settings-daemon/+bug/1760557 ?

 16:07 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1760557 in ukui-settings-daemon (Ubuntu) "Update ukui-settings-daemon from 1.1.5 to 1.1.6" [Undecided,Fix released]

 16:11 <handsome_feng> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/ukui-panel/+bug/1760789

 16:12 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1760789 in ukui-panel (Ubuntu) "[FFe] Update ukui-panel from 1.1.2 to 1.1.3" [Undecided,Fix released]

 16:12 <sil2100> handsome_feng: ok, so we're discussing this now, and this is what we would like to get from you:

 16:13 <sil2100> handsome_feng: could you provide a list of your sponsored uploads that were not NEW packages but updates to existing packages in ubuntukylin?

 16:14 <rbasak> Please link directly to the upload. Example: https://launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/ukui-session-manager/1.1.1-0ubuntu1

 16:14 <rbasak> We can find any relevant bugs from there.

 16:14 <sil2100> handsome_feng: you have recently published a lot of NEW packages, but we'd like to see a list of your uploads that were existing package updates

 16:15 <handsome_feng> sil2100, rbasak: Ok , I got you, sorry for my poor english...

 16:16 <rbasak> handsome_feng: no problem. We will look into improving the documentation for the application process.

 16:16 <rbasak> We are already over time. Shall we defer your application to the next meeting so that you have a chance to do that?

 16:17 <handsome_feng> rbasak: Fine, and sorry for the trouble, I will update my wiki page.

 16:19 <rbasak> #topic Expiring DMB seats

 16:19 <rbasak> I stuck this topic in to make sure it gets addressed.

 16:19 <rbasak> jbicha: I believe you're looking in to this? Mind if we give you an action for it please?

 16:20 <sil2100> Would be nice if we had the call for nominations ASAP, so that we have a DMB for the next meeting

 16:21 <jbicha> yes, does this look fine but bumping the number from "three valid nominations" to six? http://paste.debian.net/hidden/5ae4128b

 16:21 <micahg`> jbicha: can we say their membership is expiring please?

 16:22 <jbicha> s/will be expiring shortly/are expiring  ? sure, I guess

 16:22 <micahg`> or have reached the end of their terms?

 16:23 <rbasak> +1 to your pastebin and amendement

 16:24 <rbasak> #action jbicha to arrange call for nominations and election if required

 16:24 * meetingology jbicha to arrange call for nominations and election if required

 16:24 <rbasak> #topic AOB

 16:24 <rbasak> #subtopic Ubuntu GNOME packageset update

 16:24 <rbasak> I'm not sure what this means. Is someone organising an update?

 16:25 <jbicha> no real news about Ubuntu GNOME except there was a La_ney email today

 16:25 <jbicha> we're waiting on darkxst to update the seed

 16:26 <rbasak> #info We're waiting on darkxst to update the seed

 16:26 <rbasak> Thanks

 16:26 <rbasak> That's the end of the agenda.

 16:26 <rbasak> AO AOB/

 16:26 <rbasak> ?

 16:26 <rbasak> Thanks all!

 16:26 <rbasak> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)