== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 05 Feb at 16:36 &mdash; 16:57 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2018/ubuntu-meeting.2018-02-05-16.36.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting 
=== Weekly stand-up report ===
The discussion about "Weekly stand-up report" started at 16:37.


=== Highlighted packages ===
The discussion about "Highlighted packages" started at 16:55.


=== Miscellaneous and Questions ===
The discussion about "Miscellaneous and Questions" started at 16:56.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * tyhicks (24)
 * jdstrand (12)
 * sbeattie (12)
 * leosilva (5)
 * mdeslaur (5)
 * ratliff (4)
 * chrisccoulson (4)
 * sarnold (3)
 * meetingology (3)
 * nacc (2)



== Full Log ==


 16:36 <tyhicks> #startmeeting

 16:36 <meetingology> Meeting started Mon Feb  5 16:36:58 2018 UTC.  The chair is tyhicks. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:36 <meetingology> 

 16:36 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 16:37 <tyhicks> The meeting agenda can be found at:

 16:37 <tyhicks> [LINK] https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting

 16:37 <tyhicks> [TOPIC] Weekly stand-up report

 16:37 <tyhicks> jdstrand: you're up

 16:40 <tyhicks> mdeslaur: go ahead and we'll come back to Jamie

 16:40 <mdeslaur> I'm on community this week

 16:40 <mdeslaur> I'm about to publish systemd and squid3 updates

 16:41 <mdeslaur> and I will then do a final round of testing on qemu and libvirt before publishing them

 16:41 <nacc> mdeslaur: ping re:php7.0 as well

 16:41 <mdeslaur> nacc: ah yes, I'll work on that after, thanks

 16:41 <mdeslaur> that's it, sbeattie, you're up

 16:41 <nacc> mdeslaur: thank you

 16:41 <sbeattie> I'm on bug triage this week

 16:42 <sbeattie> I'm still working on my gcc-4.6 retpoline backports

 16:42 <tyhicks> sbeattie: and we need to do some revert uploads to artful and xenial

 16:43 <sbeattie> I also have to yank the ppc64el changes for xenial based on IBM's advice (I already did so for gcc7, in the security proposed ppa)

 16:43 <sbeattie> tyhicks: yeah.

 16:43 <tyhicks> sbeattie: gcc-7 is ready for me to review/sponsor?

 16:43 <sbeattie> Also, apparently there's some cross-compilers that need to be is sync.

 16:43 <tyhicks> oh, right

 16:43 <sbeattie> tyhicks: let me double check the test-results packages, but should be..

 16:43 <tyhicks> ok, I'll hold off

 16:44 <sbeattie> I need to look a the libreoffice test failure that popped with the xenial gcc in proposed.

 16:44 <sbeattie> and I need to do some additional verification of the 4.8 backport before it goes into proposed.

 16:45 <sbeattie> (I did point the kernel team at it, but I don't know if htey've used it to build anything)

 16:45 <sbeattie> Anyway, that will likely consume my week.

 16:46 * jdstrand is here. sorry-- was pulled aside

 16:46 <tyhicks> jdstrand: go ahead

 16:46 <sbeattie> Oh I might look at what it would take to enable by default for bionic and start some test builds.

 16:46 * sbeattie is really done

 16:46 <jdstrand> ok, I'll go

 16:46 <tyhicks> sbeattie: ah, that would be nice

 16:47 <jdstrand> This week I plan to:

 16:47 <jdstrand> - catch up on email and prioritize/put into trello various snapcraft summit outcomes

 16:47 <jdstrand> - continue to be responsive to snapd PRs (in particular, layouts and portals)

 16:47 <jdstrand> - finish up review-tools updates and request store sync

 16:47 <jdstrand> - pickup steam-support investigation

 16:47 <jdstrand> - pickup stacking demo

 16:47 <jdstrand> - lxd snap regression wrt confinement as have time

 16:47 <jdstrand> - org.gnome.ScreenCast interface as have time

 16:47 <jdstrand> - strict mode snaps on livecd as have time

 16:47 <jdstrand> that's it from me. I think tyhicks is next?

 16:48 <tyhicks> I should finally get a chance to work on the LSM stacking demo this week

 16:48 <tyhicks> I also have several embargoed issues

 16:49 <tyhicks> jj is out

 16:49 <tyhicks> sarnold: go ahead

 16:49 <sarnold> i'm in the happy place this week

 16:50 <sarnold> I'm working on the papi mir, will finish that soonish, then move on down the list, I'm thinking openjpeg2 next

 16:50 <sarnold> that's it for me, chrisccoulson?

 16:50 <chrisccoulson> I've got a chromium update to test and publish

 16:51 <chrisccoulson> I'm also investigating some rustc test failures. I'd like to think that won't swallow the entire week, but I'm not that hopeful

 16:52 <tyhicks> :(

 16:52 <chrisccoulson> then once I'm finished with rust, I need to update cargo

 16:53 <chrisccoulson> I think that's me done

 16:53 <ratliff> I'm on CVE triage this week.

 16:54 <ratliff> I got the historic CVE triage data imported into influxdb with kpi charts created. Now I want to experiment with other ways of looking at the data. Also decide which of the other charts to move over to influxdb

 16:54 <ratliff> I have a few internal assignments that will take up a large part of my time.

 16:54 <ratliff> on to you, leosilva

 16:54 <leosilva> I'm in the happy place this week

 16:55 <leosilva> Just finished my clamav update and pushed it few minutes ago...

 16:55 <leosilva> other than that I'll keep my hunting during the week and update packges.

 16:55 <leosilva> that's it for me,

 16:55 <leosilva> tyhicks: it's up to you

 16:55 <tyhicks> [TOPIC] Highlighted packages

 16:55 <tyhicks> The Ubuntu Security team suggests that contributors look into merging Debian security updates in community-supported packages. If you would like to help Ubuntu but are not sure where to start, this is a great way to do so. See http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/d2u/ for available merges and https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/UpdateProcedures for details on preparing Ubuntu security

 16:56 <tyhicks> updates. If you have any questions, feel free to ask in #ubuntu-hardened. To find out other ways of helping out, please see https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/GettingInvolved.

 16:56 <tyhicks> [TOPIC] Miscellaneous and Questions

 16:56 <tyhicks> Does anyone have any other questions or items to discuss?

 16:57 <tyhicks> jdstrand, mdeslaur, sbeattie, sarnold, ChrisCoulson, ratliff, leosilva: Thanks!

 16:57 <tyhicks> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)