== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 16 Feb at 16:01 &mdash; 16:18 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2017/ubuntu-meeting.2017-02-16-16.01.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning round ===
The discussion about "Lightning round" started at 16:01.

  * ''LINK:'' https://mentors.debian.net/package/genwqe-user reviews and sponsorship

=== AOB ===
The discussion about "AOB" started at 16:15.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * tdaitx (23)
 * slangasek (21)
 * bdmurray (14)
 * cyphermox (13)
 * sil2100 (12)
 * xnox (11)
 * caribou (11)
 * ubottu (8)
 * barry (7)
 * chiluk (5)
 * infinity (4)
 * robru (3)
 * meetingology (3)



== Full Log ==


 16:01 <slangasek> #startmeeting

 16:01 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Feb 16 16:01:41 2017 UTC.  The chair is slangasek. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:01 <meetingology> 

 16:01 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 16:01 <slangasek> [TOPIC] Lightning round

 16:02 <slangasek> $ echo $(shuf -e barry doko bdmurray slangasek caribou infinity sil2100 robru cyphermox tdaitx xnox chiluk mwhudson)

 16:02 <slangasek> mwhudson barry cyphermox tdaitx infinity sil2100 robru slangasek xnox caribou bdmurray chiluk doko

 16:02 <barry> i guess it's early for mwhudson, so...

 16:02 <barry> debuntu: LP: #1662701 and LP: #1649726 - lazr.config for Python 3.6; lazr.config 2.2 released; DPMT from git-dpm testing;

 16:02 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1662701 in lazr.config "tox fails and doesn't support Python 3.6" [High,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1662701

 16:02 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1649726 in lazr.config "The nose package is not an install dependency" [High,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1649726

 16:02 <barry> ubuntu-image: LP: #1621151; LP: #1655669; LP: #1663424; u-i/prepare-image discussions; review GH#115; LP: #1664296; GH#117 (quiet the test suite); release 0.15; today: SRU verification

 16:02 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1621151 in Ubuntu Image "no way to create images with a GPT alignment of 1 " [High,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1621151

 16:02 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1655669 in Ubuntu Image "Write a release script" [High,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1655669

 16:02 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1663424 in Ubuntu Image "More /tmp problems with u-i as snap" [High,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1663424

 16:02 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1664296 in Ubuntu Image "Change the snap version tag" [High,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1664296

 16:02 <barry> other: https://github.com/tox-dev/tox/issues/453; candidate interviews; bpo-22807 (safe UUID generation)

 16:02 <barry> --done--

 16:03 <slangasek> cyphermox:

 16:03 <cyphermox> DMB:

 16:03 <cyphermox> - discuss SRU uploaders

 16:03 <cyphermox> zesty:

 16:03 <cyphermox> - defining shim-review processes

 16:03 <cyphermox> - investigating IPv6 spam from dhcp in initramfs

 16:03 <cyphermox> - netplan cloned MAC support

 16:04 <cyphermox> ±other stuff:

 16:04 <cyphermox> - documenting bond/bridge features in netplan

 16:04 <cyphermox> - mentoring robru for core-dev

 16:04 <cyphermox> - subiquity design review discussion

 16:04 <cyphermox> - subiquity screenshots and documentation for design

 16:04 <cyphermox> along with more netplan bug fixes and planning

 16:04 <cyphermox> (done)

 16:04 <tdaitx> * Note: two week worth report

 16:04 <tdaitx> = OpenJDK Update

 16:04 <tdaitx> * OpenJDK 7

 16:04 <tdaitx> - Finished security patches backport with some help from Andrew Hughes from IcedTea

 16:04 <tdaitx> - Provided OpenJDK 7 packages for Trusty and Precise to the security team for testing; published last week

 16:04 <tdaitx> - Working on new IcedTea 2.6.9 release (OpenJDK 7u131); improve test data collection, various changes to the packaging (most of it off-time)

 16:04 <tdaitx> * OpenJDK 6

 16:04 <tdaitx> - Updated to 6b41-1.13.13

 16:05 <tdaitx> - Provided OpenJDK 6 packages for Trusty and Precise to the security team

 16:05 <tdaitx> = TCK

 16:05 <tdaitx> * Running local tests with the new exclusion lists

 16:05 <tdaitx> * Preparing packages for the new exclusion lists

 16:05 <tdaitx> * Fixing the package for Oracle's RI

 16:05 <tdaitx> = Other

 16:05 <tdaitx> * Working on tools to automate test status verification for openjdk builds

 16:05 <tdaitx> - Fetch buildlogs, compare current with past results, identify intermitent tests

 16:05 <tdaitx> * Taking Friday afternoon and Monday morning off

 16:05 <tdaitx> * Router bricked after update, having to rely on the ISP's modem/router for wifi (ie. think Athens sprint)

 16:05 <tdaitx> (done)

 16:05 <infinity> * All point release, all the time.

 16:05 <infinity> (done)

 16:06 <sil2100> - Some damages lowering my productivity around the beginning of the week

 16:06 <sil2100> - Landing team work, silo coordination

 16:06 <sil2100> - DMB meeting (attending partially)

 16:06 <sil2100> - Multiple SRU reviews

 16:06 <sil2100> - Examining ubuntu-touch xenial-i386 build failure: broken qtlocation -gles dependencies

 16:06 <sil2100> - walinuxagent:

 16:06 <sil2100> * Preparing the 2.2.4 new upstream version

 16:06 <sil2100> * Proposing upstream changes for splitting configuration files syntax

 16:06 <sil2100> * Preparing the required postinst hooks for config installation on upgrade

 16:06 <sil2100> * Some basic testing

 16:06 <sil2100> - Finishing ubuntu-image warning-on-alignment branch

 16:06 <sil2100> (done)

 16:06 <tdaitx> infinity, you could use an acronym to make it even shorter: APRATT

 16:06 <robru> * britney email policy iterations, but now blocked by snakefruit being precise

 16:06 <robru> * did some archive maintenance, being mentored by cyphermox

 16:06 <robru> (done)

 16:06 <infinity> tdaitx: But then I'd have to explain the acronym, which would make it longer.

 16:07 <xnox> bah

 16:08 <tdaitx> infinity, true

 16:08 <tdaitx> or make it the first hit on google

 16:09 <slangasek> * last week: was out of town Wed/Thu for partner meeting

 16:09 <slangasek> * this week: short week, was off Monday, will be off Friday

 16:09 <slangasek> * continued focus on cloud-image builds this week, for a new partner image

 16:09 <slangasek> * candidate interviews for Foundations opening

 16:09 <slangasek> * minimal kernel SRU processing on the fringes of the point release

 16:09 <slangasek> * minimal proposed-migration shepherding

 16:09 <slangasek> (doe)

 16:09 <slangasek> (done)

 16:09 <xnox> systemd sru for failed logins with deputy systemd

 16:09 <xnox> libmlx5, libnl3 updates for RoCE s390x support

 16:09 <xnox> resolve libodb c++11 abi mismatch (all releases)

 16:09 <xnox> resolve ftbfs flannel on s390x

 16:09 <xnox> btrfs-progs update

 16:09 <xnox> zlib new upstream update (with s390x accel)

 16:09 <xnox> https://mentors.debian.net/package/genwqe-user reviews and sponsorship

 16:09 <xnox> 16.04.2 cdimage updates & testing

 16:10 <xnox> out thursday - sunday next week; SPI sprint.

 16:10 <xnox> ..

 16:10 <bdmurray> caribou: ?

 16:10 <caribou> Short week due to two days off

 16:10 <caribou> Bugfix:

 16:10 <caribou> LP #1654600 : Still investigating the correct systemd unit setup

 16:10 <caribou> LP #1638695 : pinged Doko about potential area of research

 16:10 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1654600 in unattended-upgrades (Ubuntu Yakkety) "unattended-upgrade-shutdown hangs when /var is a separate filesystem" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1654600

 16:10 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1638695 in python2.7 (Ubuntu) "Python 2.7.12 performance regression" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1638695

 16:10 <caribou> Dev:

 16:10 <caribou> Clamav sync

 16:10 <caribou> Makedumpfile bugfix

 16:10 <caribou> sosreport-3.3+git50-g3c0349b-3 upload to debian

 16:11 <caribou> nut merge

 16:11 <caribou> Sosreport 3.3 trusty/yakkety/xenial SRU

 16:11 <caribou> ☑ Done

 16:11 <bdmurray> out sick for a while

 16:11 <bdmurray> modified daisy retracer to gracefully exit when receiving a SIGTERM

 16:11 <bdmurray> investigation into issue with retracers and cache restarting

 16:11 <bdmurray> tested daisy changes in canonistack

 16:11 <bdmurray> submitted RT to have daisy updated on the staging retracers

 16:11 <bdmurray> investigation into quantity of items to retrace we are receiving

 16:11 <bdmurray> irc discussion with wgrant regarding gdb on armhf on arm64

 16:11 <bdmurray> worked on snapping apport

 16:11 <bdmurray> uploaded apport to zesty to enable LP crash reporting

 16:11 <bdmurray> uploaded xenial nano SRU bug

 16:11 <bdmurray> interview work (prep, actually interview, review)

 16:11 <bdmurray> ✔ done

 16:12 <bdmurray> chiluk: your turn

 16:12 <chiluk> LP#1647389 - Working through a bisection, but my clouds stability with constantly changing qemu is slowing progress substantially.

 16:12 <chiluk> LP#1655225 - Under heavy load qemu hits bdrv_error_action: Assertion `error >= 0' failed - SRU Verification.

 16:12 <chiluk> LP#1650067 - SRU Verification.

 16:12 <chiluk> - done -

 16:12 <chiluk> thanks bdmurray.

 16:13 <slangasek> doko:

 16:13 <tdaitx> I think doko was going to be afk today and tomorrow

 16:14 <slangasek> ok

 16:14 <slangasek> any questions re: status?

 16:15 <slangasek> [TOPIC] AOB

 16:15 <slangasek> ok! anything else today?

 16:16 <barry> monday is a usa holiday

 16:16 <slangasek> yah

 16:16 <slangasek> I'll be working Monday

 16:17 <barry> i haven't decided yet ;)

 16:17 <infinity> Monday is an Alberta holiday, and I'm undecided.

 16:18 <slangasek> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)