== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting: DMB, 24 Apr at 19:08 &mdash; 19:15 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2017/ubuntu-meeting.2017-04-24-19.08.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Review of previous action items ===
The discussion about "Review of previous action items" started at 19:08.


=== Outstanding mailing list requests to assign ===
The discussion about "Outstanding mailing list requests to assign" started at 19:11.


=== AOB ===
The discussion about "AOB" started at 19:12.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * sil2100 (21)
 * rbasak (4)
 * meetingology (3)
 * slashd (2)



== Full Log ==


 19:08 <sil2100> #startmeeting DMB

 19:08 <meetingology> Meeting started Mon Apr 24 19:08:26 2017 UTC.  The chair is sil2100. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 19:08 <meetingology> 

 19:08 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 19:08 <sil2100> #topic Review of previous action items

 19:09 <sil2100> Ok, seeing the list, I suppose almost all are certainly done, let me only address those that are 'in doubt' on the Agenda

 19:09 <sil2100> rbasak to add slashd to the new SRU-UPLOADERS team (carried-over, pending TB action)  <- this is done, right?

 19:09 <sil2100> I saw an e-mail mentioning that

 19:09 <rbasak> I believe it's done.

 19:10 <rbasak> I'd like to know from slashd if it actually works. I'm not sure he's tried yet.

 19:10 <sil2100> Ok, let's try to get in touch with him about that then

 19:10 <rbasak> My action for Aron is still outstanding. He clarified what he needs for me. I now need to look again.

 19:10 <slashd> rbasak, sil2100, I haven't tried yet, was really busy, but will give it a try soon

 19:10 <sil2100> rbasak to sort Aron's request <- I saw some movement here but I suppose it's in progress

 19:10 <sil2100> rbasak: thanks!

 19:11 <sil2100> slashd: ok, give us a sign once you have a moment

 19:11 <slashd> sil2100, sure tks

 19:11 <sil2100> All the other action items seem to be done

 19:11 <sil2100> Moving on... no candidates, so:

 19:11 <sil2100> #topic Outstanding mailing list requests to assign

 19:12 <sil2100> I didn't see any, but just wanted to make sure

 19:12 <sil2100> Were there any requests that needed our attention besides Aron's?

 19:12 <rbasak> I don't see anything

 19:12 <sil2100> Then moving on ;)

 19:12 <sil2100> #topic AOB

 19:13 <sil2100> This seems to be a quick meeting, anything to discuss?

 19:13 <sil2100> I'll make sure to update the agenda right after the meeting

 19:13 <sil2100> So that it's in a clean state

 19:15 <sil2100> Ok, I assume no business here either

 19:15 <sil2100> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)