== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting: Membership Board Meeting, 07 Sep at 20:20 &mdash; 20:42 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2017/ubuntu-meeting.2017-09-07-20.20.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== kyrofa membership ===
The discussion about "kyrofa membership" started at 20:23.

  * ''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/KyleFazzari 
  * ''Vote:'' kyrofa for Ubuntu Membership (Carried)
  * ''LINK:'' https://www.irccloud.com/pastebin/H4CY1iOU 



== Vote results ==

 * [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2017/ubuntu-meeting.2017-09-07-20.20.log.html#64 kyrofa for Ubuntu Membership]]
  * Motion carried (For/Against/Abstained 4/0/1)
   *  Voters pleia2, popey, tsimonq2, marcoceppi, Wild_Man



== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * pleia2 (23)
 * tsimonq2 (22)
 * kyrofa (18)
 * meetingology (16)
 * popey (10)
 * Wild_Man (6)
 * marcoceppi (3)



== Full Log ==


 20:20 <pleia2> #startmeeting Membership Board Meeting

 20:20 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Sep  7 20:20:03 2017 UTC.  The chair is pleia2. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 20:20 <meetingology> 

 20:20 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 20:20 <pleia2> #chair popey Wild_Man marcoceppi

 20:20 <meetingology> Current chairs: Wild_Man marcoceppi pleia2 popey

 20:21 <pleia2> welcome everyone :)

 20:21 <marcoceppi> o/

 20:22 <Wild_Man> Wild_Man, o/

 20:22 <pleia2> ok, so we have an agenda up here https://wiki.ubuntu.com/Membership/Boards#A20:00_1st_Thursday

 20:22 <pleia2> kyrofa is the only one on the agenda this time around, welcome kyrofa :)

 20:22 <pleia2> let's get right into this

 20:22 <kyrofa> Hey, thanks :)

 20:22 <popey> Oh. Him

 20:23 <popey> ;)

 20:23 <pleia2> #topic kyrofa membership

 20:23 <pleia2> #link https://wiki.ubuntu.com/KyleFazzari

 20:23 <pleia2> kyrofa: feel free to introduce yourself :)

 20:24 * tsimonq2 waves

 20:24 <pleia2> #chair tsimonq2

 20:24 <meetingology> Current chairs: Wild_Man marcoceppi pleia2 popey tsimonq2

 20:24 <kyrofa> Sure thing, hey everyone. I recognize a few of you, perhaps you've seen me around. I'm a long-time Ubuntu user. My contribution efforts began more recently, with project Sputnik, Dell's effort to ship laptops preinstalled with Ubuntu.

 20:24 <kyrofa> It resulted in my authoring multiple touchpad driver patches for the Ubuntu kernel, which have since moved upstream.

 20:25 <kyrofa> I've since started working at Canonical, where I mostly work on snapcraft and Ubuntu Core.

 20:25 <pleia2> kyrofa: I'm historically curious, in your work with the Sputnik project were you working with Dell, Canonical or an Ubuntu community effort?

 20:25 <pleia2> (or a mix?)

 20:26 <kyrofa> pleia2, as a community contributor. The touchpad sucked ;)

 20:26 <pleia2> hehe

 20:26 <pleia2> I mean, who were you submitting bugs, etc to?

 20:26 <kyrofa> Oh right-- to the Sputnik LP project. Submitted patches to the Ubuntu kernel team mailing list

 20:26 <pleia2> ah, neat

 20:27 <tsimonq2> kyrofa: How long were you involved with that and how many patches came out of it?

 20:28 <kyrofa> tsimonq2, I worked on it until the touchpad didn't have any more issues, a few weeks probably. It was several years ago now, but I believe three patches came out of it

 20:28 <tsimonq2> Ah ok

 20:28 <pleia2> that's awesome, totally going to start telling people that you are responsible for the touchpad working well :)

 20:28 <tsimonq2> :D

 20:28 <tsimonq2> Indeed, great work there :)

 20:29 <kyrofa> Haha, thanks

 20:29 <marcoceppi> as an early sputnik user, thank you ;)

 20:29 <popey> kyrofa: also has a super beard. I think he left this off the application

 20:29 <pleia2> kyrofa: I actually haven't heard much out of the ubuntu core/snapcraft world following lots of big announcements about robots and things, how is that going?

 20:29 <kyrofa> popey, ah darn, I should have put it on there

 20:30 <Wild_Man> kyrofa, how long have you been working with snapd and snap-confine?

 20:31 <kyrofa> Wild_Man, I was on the snapd team for about 6 months. Longer if you count the random contributions I've been making while on other teams

 20:31 <Wild_Man> awesome!

 20:31 <kyrofa> pleia2, it's going well-- still fairly young admittedly, but we're gaining traction

 20:31 <tsimonq2> kyrofa: What sort of other things besides *snap* (I mean for these to be wildcards :P) stuff have you been involved in?

 20:31 <pleia2> kyrofa: that's good to hear :)

 20:32 <kyrofa> tsimonq2, I was originally hired onto the Ubuntu API team, which is of course no more

 20:33 <kyrofa> Excuse me-- the Unity API team

 20:33 <tsimonq2> kyrofa: Ah ok, what did that entail?

 20:33 <tsimonq2> (i.e. what did you do?)

 20:34 <kyrofa> It was the C++ backend to the pretty Unity 8 front-end. My work revolved around the phone, the click scope, and in-app purchase

 20:34 <tsimonq2> Ok, cool

 20:35 <kyrofa> Mostly scope work and helping write the pay service

 20:35 <tsimonq2> I see

 20:35 <tsimonq2> pleia2, marcoceppi, Wild_Man, popey: Any more questions, or shall we vote?

 20:36 <pleia2> #voters Wild_Man marcoceppi pleia2 popey tsimonq2

 20:36 <meetingology> Current voters: Wild_Man marcoceppi pleia2 popey tsimonq2

 20:36 <popey> I have no further questions

 20:36 <popey> +1

 20:36 <popey> Oops :)

 20:36 <Wild_Man> +1

 20:36 <tsimonq2> #vote kyrofa for Ubuntu Membership

 20:36 <meetingology> Please vote on: kyrofa for Ubuntu Membership

 20:36 <meetingology> Public votes can be registered by saying +1, +0 or -1 in channel, (for private voting, private message me with 'vote +1/-1/+0 #channelname)

 20:36 <popey> +1

 20:36 <meetingology> +1 received from popey

 20:37 <pleia2> +1

 20:37 <meetingology> +1 received from pleia2

 20:37 <tsimonq2> Wild_Man: Please vote again ;)

 20:37 <Wild_Man> +1

 20:37 <meetingology> +1 received from Wild_Man

 20:37 <marcoceppi> +1

 20:37 <meetingology> +1 received from marcoceppi

 20:38 <tsimonq2> +0, while I see a lot of nice work, I think a little bit more work can be done in Ubuntu Community :)

 20:38 <meetingology> +0, while I see a lot of nice work, I think a little bit more work can be done in Ubuntu Community :) received from tsimonq2

 20:38 <tsimonq2> #endvote

 20:38 <meetingology> Voting ended on: kyrofa for Ubuntu Membership

 20:38 <meetingology> Votes for:4 Votes against:0 Abstentions:1

 20:38 <meetingology> Motion carried

 20:38 <tsimonq2> kyrofa: Congrats :)

 20:38 <kyrofa> Thank you

 20:39 * tsimonq2 can do the adding to teams, announcements, etc.

 20:39 <Wild_Man> kyrofa: Congratulations :)

 20:39 <popey> https://www.irccloud.com/pastebin/H4CY1iOU

 20:39 <pleia2> welcome, kyrofa!

 20:40 <popey> Duh. Stupid cloud

 20:40 <popey> Congratulations

 20:40 <kyrofa> Thanks everyone! What happens next, then?

 20:41 <tsimonq2> kyrofa: Added to ~ubuntumembers, if you haven't seen it yet, here are the perks: https://wiki.ubuntu.com/Membership?action=show&redirect=UbuntuMembership#The_Perks

 20:41 <tsimonq2> i.e. kyrofa@ubuntu.com will be yours, etc.

 20:41 <kyrofa> tsimonq2, how do I control where that points?

 20:41 <tsimonq2> kyrofa: The default Launchpad address is what's set, although the Canonical sysadmins can manually change that

 20:42 <tsimonq2> kyrofa: (it goes through a manual approval process)

 20:42 <pleia2> thanks everyone, see you next time :)

 20:42 <tsimonq2> o/ pleia2

 20:42 <pleia2> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)