== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting: ubuntu-server-team, 28 Feb at 16:00 &mdash; 16:30 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2017/ubuntu-meeting.2017-02-28-16.00.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Review ACTION points from previous meeting ===
The discussion about "Review ACTION points from previous meeting" started at 16:01.


=== Zesty Development ===
The discussion about "Zesty Development" started at 16:03.

  * ''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ZestyZapus/ReleaseSchedule 
 * '''blueprints''' (16:03)
  * blueprint is looking good, big stuff done, except openldap
 * '''Release Bugs''' (16:06)
  * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-z-tracking-bug-tasks.html#ubuntu-server 
  * ''ACTION:'' nacc to ping release team on removing src:postgresql-9.6 and src:php7.1
  * looking good, minor issues for libvirt, otherwise covered

=== Server & Cloud Bugs & SRU/Pending Uploads (caribou) ===
The discussion about "Server & Cloud Bugs & SRU/Pending Uploads (caribou)" started at 16:09.

  * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-x-tracking-bug-tasks.html#ubuntu-server 
  * SRU are pending for : ceph, libvirt, sosreport, multipath-tools, python-os-brick, sssd

=== Weekly Updates & Questions for the QA Team (powersj) ===
The discussion about "Weekly Updates & Questions for the QA Team (powersj)" started at 16:14.

  * ''LINK:'' https://jenkins.ubuntu.com/server/ 
  * ci for cloud-init coming soon...
  * lxd issue, slowing down/stopping testing
  * ''ACTION:'' powersj to see about getting the lxd team onto torkoal

=== Weekly Updates & Questions for the Kernel Team (smb, sforshee) ===
The discussion about "Weekly Updates & Questions for the Kernel Team (smb, sforshee)" started at 16:17.

  * zesty archive should have 4.10

=== Upcoming Call For Papers ===
The discussion about "Upcoming Call For Papers" started at 16:22.

  * ''LINK:'' https://lwn.net/Calendar/Monthly/cfp/ 
  * nothing here

=== Ubuntu Server Team Events ===
The discussion about "Ubuntu Server Team Events" started at 16:23.

  * nothing here

=== Open Discussion ===
The discussion about "Open Discussion" started at 16:24.

  * ''ACTION:'' rbasak, powersj, cpaelzer to draft mysql triage response page like nginx has
  * ''LINK:'' https://dudleys.files.wordpress.com/2008/02/ubunut.jpg 

=== Announce next meeting date, time and chair ===
The discussion about "Announce next meeting date, time and chair" started at 16:29.




== Vote results ==




== Action items, by person ==

 * cpaelzer
  * rbasak, powersj, cpaelzer to draft mysql triage response page like nginx has
 * nacc
  * nacc to ping release team on removing src:postgresql-9.6 and src:php7.1
 * powersj
  * powersj to see about getting the lxd team onto torkoal
  * rbasak, powersj, cpaelzer to draft mysql triage response page like nginx has
 * rbasak
  * rbasak, powersj, cpaelzer to draft mysql triage response page like nginx has



== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * powersj (80)
 * cpaelzer (47)
 * nacc (13)
 * meetingology (8)
 * rharper (8)
 * smb (5)
 * caribou (4)
 * jgrimm (3)
 * ubottu (3)
 * rbasak (3)



== Full Log ==


 16:00 <powersj> #startmeeting ubuntu-server-team

 16:00 <meetingology> Meeting started Tue Feb 28 16:00:17 2017 UTC.  The chair is powersj. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:00 <meetingology> 

 16:00 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 16:00 <rharper> \o

 16:00 <powersj> I'll wait a moment to get a few more folks

 16:00 * jgrimm waves, but not paying attention. in another meeting

 16:01 <nacc> \o

 16:01 <rbasak> o/

 16:01 <powersj> alright let's get started

 16:01 <powersj> #topic Review ACTION points from previous meeting

 16:02 <powersj> nacc to review jgrimm's openvpn MR

 16:02 <nacc> i believe that's done

 16:02 <jgrimm> merged, done

 16:02 <powersj> great! next...

 16:02 <powersj> jgrimm to review server packages for anything new (or missed) that needs merging

 16:03 <jgrimm> ongoing. mark done

 16:03 <powersj> he may be busy as he said... I can follow up after

 16:03 <powersj> ah ok :)

 16:03 <powersj> one more...

 16:03 <powersj> rbasak to look at seeding iotop & nicstat with powersj

 16:03 <powersj> done!

 16:03 <rbasak> \o/

 16:03 <nacc> let's release already :)

 16:03 <nacc> we're so done

 16:03 <powersj> all action points done :D

 16:03 <rharper> heh

 16:03 <powersj> #topic Zesty Development

 16:03 <powersj> #link https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ZestyZapus/ReleaseSchedule

 16:03 <powersj> #subtopic blueprints

 16:04 <powersj> #https://blueprints.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+spec/servercloud-z-server-core

 16:04 <powersj> I see 7 inprogress

 16:04 <powersj> any updates here?

 16:05 <nacc> excuses is a lot clearer now -- still working through some updates, but i think our bigger packages are through, except for openldap

 16:05 <rbasak> Don't forget to keep minuting things - easy to forget :)

 16:05 <powersj> cool!

 16:05 <powersj> ah yes

 16:06 <nacc> i'll do another sweept today -- my current unknown blocker is the log4ada regression

 16:06 <powersj> #info blueprint is looking good, big stuff done, except openldap

 16:06 <powersj> #subtopic Release Bugs

 16:06 <powersj> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-z-tracking-bug-tasks.html#ubuntu-server

 16:07 <powersj> Anything of note here? nacc you are only one with something, 2 unassigned

 16:07 <nacc> powersj: that is getting deferred to z+1

 16:07 <cpaelzer> the libvirt one will be an SRU

 16:07 <nacc> i'm workingon setting maas up for it by then

 16:07 <cpaelzer> it is super low importance

 16:07 <cpaelzer> I might even nack an SRU on a deeper look

 16:07 <nacc> cpaelzer: we may want to re-ping the release team on remving src:postgresql-9.6 on irc

 16:08 <cpaelzer> oh yeah - ack nacc

 16:08 <nacc> cpaelzer: actually, i'll do it today, if htat's ok

 16:08 <nacc> need to remove php7.1 as well

 16:08 <powersj> #action cpaelzer to ping release team on removing src:postgresql-9.6

 16:08 * meetingology cpaelzer to ping release team on removing src:postgresql-9.6

 16:08 <cpaelzer> absolutely

 16:08 <powersj> oops lol

 16:08 <powersj> #undo

 16:08 <meetingology> Removing item from minutes: ACTION

 16:08 <cpaelzer> nacc: highlight me on the ping and let them know that it is you-or-me to contact

 16:08 <cpaelzer> we cover almost all timezones together

 16:08 <nacc> cpaelzer: ack

 16:09 <powersj> #action nacc to ping release team on removing src:postgresql-9.6 and src:php7.1

 16:09 * meetingology nacc to ping release team on removing src:postgresql-9.6 and src:php7.1

 16:09 <powersj> any other release bug comments or I'm moving on....

 16:09 <powersj> #info looking good, minor issues for libvirt, otherwise covered

 16:09 <powersj> #topic Server & Cloud Bugs & SRU/Pending Uploads (caribou)

 16:09 <powersj> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-x-tracking-bug-tasks.html#ubuntu-server

 16:10 <powersj> caribou: any update?

 16:10 <caribou> oops, sorry forgot to prepare,just give me a minute

 16:10 <powersj> ok :)

 16:10 <cpaelzer> I have mine of the week prepped

 16:10 <cpaelzer> DONE: Strongswan (X,Y), Multipath (X), Qemu (X,Y,UCA)

 16:10 <cpaelzer> INPROG: Qemu (T), Qemu (X,Y), Libvirt (T/X/Y/Z)

 16:10 <cpaelzer> The Qemu X/Y is complex and stuck in testing and dev discussions at the moment

 16:10 <cpaelzer> The multipath is actually just helping STS so this will be in Caribous list

 16:11 <caribou> #info SRU are pending for : ceph, libvirt, sosreport, multipath-tools, python-os-brick, sssd

 16:11 <cpaelzer> caribou: can you link me the incoming libvirt SRU?

 16:11 <cpaelzer> trusty?

 16:12 <caribou> cpaelzer: LP: #1317491

 16:12 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1317491 in libvirt (Ubuntu Trusty) "virsh blockcommit hangs at 100%" [Medium,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1317491

 16:12 <cpaelzer> ah yeah I'm on that - thanks

 16:12 <powersj> caribou: great, thanks. Any other comments?

 16:13 <caribou> powersj: nothing else, no

 16:13 <powersj> great

 16:14 <powersj> moving on.

 16:14 <powersj> #topic Weekly Updates & Questions for the QA Team (powersj)

 16:14 <powersj> #link https://jenkins.ubuntu.com/server/

 16:14 <powersj> Last week got the JLP merge request in and merged, so we should be able to see cloud-init git based CI in the next week or two. There is a remaining piece of functionality that I do not have done yet though, but not required for our use case.

 16:14 <powersj> Lots of changes and modifications to curtin vmtests to make them more stable. I have a list of things I still need to get done and hope to do this week.

 16:14 <powersj> Worked with Christian on QEMU migration tests, however finding the LXD is really running into issues now on our main test system even launching a container. See https://github.com/lxc/lxd/issues/2814 I need to get this cleaned up as most of our tests rely on LXD.

 16:14 <powersj> questions?

 16:14 <cpaelzer> powersj: we can go on using dir instead of zfs for now

 16:15 <powersj> cpaelzer: I'd like to avoid that, as it is incredibly slower and makes some other tests time out

 16:15 <cpaelzer> powersj: that never has shown the bug - and yes slower sometimes, but better than not at all

 16:15 <powersj> true

 16:15 <powersj> #info ci for cloud-init coming soon...

 16:15 <cpaelzer> actually I have cases wher eit is faster btw, but if we have timeouts on cloud-init/curtin ok

 16:15 <powersj> #info lxd issue, slowing down/stopping testing

 16:16 <powersj> ok we can play with it after the meeting

 16:16 <cpaelzer> ack powersj

 16:16 <powersj> I would like to get the lxd guys on the system if possible though to help resolve this

 16:16 <cpaelzer> yep I suggested the same last time

 16:16 <rharper> sounds like an action

 16:17 <powersj> #action powersj to see about getting the lxd team onto torkoal

 16:17 * meetingology powersj to see about getting the lxd team onto torkoal

 16:17 <powersj> any other questions?

 16:17 <powersj> #topic Weekly Updates & Questions for the Kernel Team (smb, sforshee)

 16:18 <powersj> Not sure I see either of them

 16:18 <cpaelzer> ping smb he was around

 16:19 <cpaelzer> here he is

 16:19 <smb> sorry got distracted

 16:19 <smb> So, mostly to mention that 4.10 should now be in the zesty archive

 16:19 <powersj> #info zesty archive should have 4.10

 16:20 <powersj> awesome, thank you!

 16:20 <rharper> smb: I filed a bcache bug last week

 16:20 * rharper finds

 16:20 <smb> rharper, have not seen it, maybe you could subscribe me

 16:21 <rharper> smb: ok

 16:21 <cpaelzer> ah kernel

 16:21 <cpaelzer> FYI - debugged a regression mainline 3.18.22-031822.201510031227 to mainline 3.18.21-031821.201509020527 today. Covers all that crosses that like Trusty -> Xenial.

 16:21 <cpaelzer> TL;DR for server raid arrays there might be a performance regresssion, read bug 1668557 if yu need details and a tuning fix.

 16:21 <ubottu> bug 1668557 in linux (Ubuntu) "Write performance regression severely affecting hpsa controllers" [Undecided,Invalid] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1668557

 16:21 <rharper> bug 1667078

 16:21 <ubottu> bug 1667078 in linux (Ubuntu) "bcache device numbers increase by 16" [Medium,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1667078

 16:21 <cpaelzer> mine is a kernel fix that "has to stay" but will cause trouble for some upgrades

 16:21 <cpaelzer> so for awareness towards smb and caribou

 16:21 <rharper> smb: subscribed; thanks

 16:22 <smb> rharper, thanks

 16:22 <smb> cpaelzer, and also thanks

 16:22 <powersj> anything else for kernel?

 16:22 <powersj> #topic Upcoming Call For Papers

 16:23 <powersj> #link https://lwn.net/Calendar/Monthly/cfp/

 16:23 <powersj> I didn't see anything here

 16:23 <powersj> anyone have something, otherwise moving on

 16:23 <powersj> #info nothing here

 16:23 <powersj> #topic Ubuntu Server Team Events

 16:23 <powersj> not aware of anything here either

 16:23 <powersj> #info nothing here

 16:24 <powersj> #topic Open Discussion

 16:24 <powersj> *crickets*

 16:25 <powersj> anything? otherwise I'll end this

 16:25 <cpaelzer> ah

 16:25 <cpaelzer> here

 16:25 <powersj> ah :)

 16:25 <cpaelzer> I was triaging a lot recently and I wondered if it might be worth to have a nginx-triaging-style page also for mysql

 16:25 <cpaelzer> rbasak: ^^

 16:25 <cpaelzer> (I know he is not here)

 16:25 <powersj> yes please

 16:26 <cpaelzer> it turns out 80% of the bugs are actually different variants of three issues

 16:26 <cpaelzer> socket not reachable, user misconfigured, old features enabled that no more work

 16:26 <cpaelzer> maybe together we can make it 5 which cover >90%

 16:26 <cpaelzer> maybe this could be an actiaon for rbasak, powersj and me

 16:26 <cpaelzer> action rather

 16:26 <powersj> agreed

 16:26 <cpaelzer> make a draft wiki page

 16:27 <cpaelzer> and on triaging link to that and be faster so often

 16:27 <powersj> #action rbasak, powersj, cpaelzer to draft mysql triage response page like nginx has

 16:27 * meetingology rbasak, powersj, cpaelzer to draft mysql triage response page like nginx has

 16:28 <cpaelzer> now even I'm silent - I know it is a rare thing :-P

 16:28 <powersj> cpaelzer: did you catch nacc up on triaging?

 16:28 <cpaelzer> I did not want to say in pub, but yes

 16:28 <powersj> well thank you

 16:28 <nacc> yes, many thanks to cpaelzer !

 16:28 <cpaelzer> ~+15 for ubunut-server to look deeper into

 16:28 <powersj> haha

 16:29 <cpaelzer> the magical Ubu  Nut - cracking

 16:29 <powersj> last call, any other topics?

 16:29 <cpaelzer> https://dudleys.files.wordpress.com/2008/02/ubunut.jpg

 16:29 <powersj> #topic Announce next meeting date, time and chair

 16:29 <cpaelzer> the ubunut

 16:29 <powersj> same time, same place, with cpaelzer as chair

 16:29 <cpaelzer> damn

 16:29 <cpaelzer> ack

 16:29 <powersj> o/

 16:30 <powersj> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)