== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting: ubuntu-server-team, 26 Sep at 16:02 &mdash; 16:23 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2017/ubuntu-meeting.2017-09-26-16.02.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Review ACTION points from previous meeting ===
The discussion about "Review ACTION points from previous meeting" started at 16:02.

  * ''ACTION:'' nacc to write a release notes entry on ipv6 netboot (carried over)
  * ''ACTION:'' nacc to write a server guide entry on ipv6 netboot (carried over)
  * ''ACTION:'' rbasak to add maintainership info to mysql triage page (carried over)
  * ''ACTION:'' nacc to consider http2 info in artful release notes
  * ''DONE:'' cpaelzer to add a virt-stack release notes entry (+ovs, +dpdk)
  * ''DONE:'' ahasenack add a release note entry on the bind9 key signing key change
  * ''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ArtfulAardvark/ReleaseNotes#Ubuntu_Server 
  * ''ACTION:'' smoser to add a cloud init (and if there is something curtin) release notes entry for artful (carry over)

=== Artful Development ===
The discussion about "Artful Development" started at 16:07.

  * ''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ArtfulAardvark/ReleaseSchedule 
 * '''Current Work''' (16:08)
  * ''LINK:'' https://trello.com/b/U9HhWyT0/daily-ubuntu-server 
 * '''Release Bugs''' (16:09)
  * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-aa-tracking-bug-tasks.html#ubuntu-server 

=== Server & Cloud Bugs & SRU/Pending Uploads (slashd, ddstreet) ===
The discussion about "Server & Cloud Bugs & SRU/Pending Uploads (slashd, ddstreet)" started at 16:10.

  * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-z-tracking-bug-tasks.html#ubuntu-server 
  * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-x-tracking-bug-tasks.html#ubuntu-server 
  * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-t-tracking-bug-tasks.html#ubuntu-server 

=== Weekly Updates & Questions for the QA Team (powersj) ===
The discussion about "Weekly Updates & Questions for the QA Team (powersj)" started at 16:11.

  * ''LINK:'' https://jenkins.ubuntu.com/server/ 

=== Weekly Updates & Questions for the Kernel Team (smb, sforshee) ===
The discussion about "Weekly Updates & Questions for the Kernel Team (smb, sforshee)" started at 16:12.

  * 4.13 is now in artful-release

=== Upcoming Call For Papers ===
The discussion about "Upcoming Call For Papers" started at 16:14.

  * ''LINK:'' https://lwn.net/Calendar/Monthly/cfp/ 
  * no updates in Call For Papers

=== Ubuntu Server Team Events ===
The discussion about "Ubuntu Server Team Events" started at 16:15.

  * ''LINK:'' https://twitter.com/hashtag/Ubunturally?src=hash 

=== askubuntu.com questions (teward) - Better communication with community. ===
The discussion about "askubuntu.com questions (teward) - Better communication with community." started at 16:16.

  * discussion about expanding bug triage for ubuntu-server by watching relevant askubuntu.com questions, deferring to another irc meeting
  * ''ACTION:'' re-raise askubuntu.com questions (teward) - Better communication with community discussion

=== Open Discussion ===
The discussion about "Open Discussion" started at 16:19.

  * git-ubuntu x on x is about to pass locally
  * git-ubutu x on aa is ... still failing

=== Announce next meeting date, time and chair ===
The discussion about "Announce next meeting date, time and chair" started at 16:22.

  * Next meeting is Tue Oct  3 16:23:30 UTC 2017  (minus about 24 minutes) , and chair will be powersj



== Vote results ==




== Action items, by person ==

 * nacc
  * nacc to write a release notes entry on ipv6 netboot (carried over)
  * nacc to write a server guide entry on ipv6 netboot (carried over)
  * nacc to consider http2 info in artful release notes
 * rbasak
  * rbasak to add maintainership info to mysql triage page (carried over)
 * smoser
  * smoser to add a cloud init (and if there is something curtin) release notes entry for artful (carry over)



== Done items ==

 * cpaelzer to add a virt-stack release notes entry (+ovs, +dpdk)
 * ahasenack add a release note entry on the bind9 key signing key change



== People present (lines said) ==

 * rharper (68)
 * nacc (9)
 * meetingology (9)
 * rbasak (6)
 * ahasenack (4)
 * cpaelzer (4)
 * powersj (3)
 * sforshee (2)
 * smoser (1)



== Full Log ==


 16:02 <rharper> #startmeeting ubuntu-server-team

 16:02 <meetingology> Meeting started Tue Sep 26 16:02:17 2017 UTC.  The chair is rharper. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:02 <meetingology> 

 16:02 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 16:02 <rharper> #topic Review ACTION points from previous meeting

 16:03 <rharper> nacc: your items?

 16:03 <rharper> * nacc to write a release notes entry on ipv6 netboot (carried over)

 16:03 <rharper> * nacc to write a server guide entry on ipv6 netboot (carried over)

 16:03 <nacc> rharper: carry please

 16:03 <rharper> k

 16:03 <rharper> #action nacc to write a release notes entry on ipv6 netboot (carried over)

 16:03 * meetingology nacc to write a release notes entry on ipv6 netboot (carried over)

 16:03 <rharper> #action nacc to write a server guide entry on ipv6 netboot (carried over)

 16:03 * meetingology nacc to write a server guide entry on ipv6 netboot (carried over)

 16:04 <rharper> already discussed with rabask

 16:04 <rharper> #action rbasak to add maintainership info to mysql triage page (carried over)

 16:04 * meetingology rbasak to add maintainership info to mysql triage page (carried over)

 16:04 <rbasak> Carry over again please

 16:04 <rharper> y

 16:04 <rharper> #action nacc to consider http2 info in artful release notes

 16:04 * meetingology nacc to consider http2 info in artful release notes

 16:05 <rharper> nacc: carry that as well?

 16:05 * rharper assumes so

 16:05 <rharper> * cpaelzer to add a virt-stack release notes entry

 16:05 <rharper> all done?

 16:05 <cpaelzer> done

 16:05 <cpaelzer> +ovs

 16:06 <cpaelzer> +dpdk

 16:06 <rharper> #done cpaelzer to add a virt-stack release notes entry (+ovs, +dpdk)

 16:06 <rharper> * ahasenack add a release note entry on the bind9 key signing key change

 16:06 <rharper> all done ?

 16:06 <ahasenack> done

 16:06 <rharper> cool

 16:06 <rharper> #done ahasenack add a release note entry on the bind9 key signing key change

 16:06 <cpaelzer> #link https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ArtfulAardvark/ReleaseNotes#Ubuntu_Server

 16:06 <rharper> * smoser to add a cloud init (and if there is something curtin) release notes entry for artful

 16:07 <smoser> not done

 16:07 <rharper> #action smoser to add a cloud init (and if there is something curtin) release notes entry for artful (carry over)

 16:07 * meetingology smoser to add a cloud init (and if there is something curtin) release notes entry for artful (carry over)

 16:07 <rharper> #topic Artful Development

 16:07 <rharper> #link https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ArtfulAardvark/ReleaseSchedule

 16:08 <rharper> anything to discuss ?

 16:08 <rharper> beta freeze?

 16:08 <rharper> #subtopic Current Work

 16:08 <rharper> #link https://trello.com/b/U9HhWyT0/daily-ubuntu-server

 16:09 <rharper> #subtopic Release Bugs

 16:09 <rharper> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-aa-tracking-bug-tasks.html#ubuntu-server

 16:10 <rharper> any hot items to discuss ?

 16:10 <rharper> moving on

 16:10 <rharper> #topic Server & Cloud Bugs & SRU/Pending Uploads (slashd, ddstreet)

 16:10 <rharper> slashd already mentioned before the meeting, nothing to report, will have an update for next week

 16:10 <rharper> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-z-tracking-bug-tasks.html#ubuntu-server

 16:10 <rharper> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-x-tracking-bug-tasks.html#ubuntu-server

 16:10 <rharper> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-t-tracking-bug-tasks.html#ubuntu-server

 16:11 <ahasenack> nothing from me

 16:11 <rharper> k

 16:11 <rharper> #topic Weekly Updates & Questions for the QA Team (powersj)

 16:11 <rharper> #link https://jenkins.ubuntu.com/server/

 16:11 <powersj> Completed release testing of cloud-init 17.1. Removed integration test dependency on shlex. All ISO tests are green, except RAID1 preseed tests, still, need to triage. git-ubuntu CI was updated to build and test on Xenial only.

 16:11 <rharper> \o/

 16:11 <powersj> This week attending Ubuntu rally with the objective of coming out of this with a plan for cloud based cloud-init testing and any final enhancements for test cases and feature flags.

 16:11 <powersj> questions?

 16:12 <rharper> I'm good, thanks powersj

 16:12 <rharper> #topic Weekly Updates & Questions for the Kernel Team (smb, sforshee)

 16:13 <sforshee> smb seems to not be here

 16:13 <rharper> indeed

 16:13 <rharper> in some rally room

 16:13 <sforshee> 4.13 is now in artful-release ... nothing else I can think of to mention

 16:14 <rharper> ok, thanks

 16:14 <rharper> #info 4.13 is now in artful-release

 16:14 <rharper> #topic Upcoming Call For Papers

 16:14 <rharper> #link https://lwn.net/Calendar/Monthly/cfp/

 16:14 <rharper> anything new here ?

 16:14 <nacc> rharper: sorry, yes

 16:14 <rharper> nacc: I had already actioned it, assuming you meant yes to all

 16:14 <nacc> rharper: thanks

 16:15 <rharper> #info no updates in Call For Papers

 16:15 <ahasenack> no new cfps from me

 16:15 <rharper> #topic Ubuntu Server Team Events

 16:16 <rharper> On-going Ubuntu Rally, right now

 16:16 <rharper> #link https://twitter.com/hashtag/Ubunturally?src=hash

 16:16 <rharper> #topic askubuntu.com questions (teward) - Better communication with community.

 16:17 <rbasak> teward: if you're around, we were wondering about expanding bug triage to watching relevant askubuntu.com questions.

 16:17 <rbasak> We were thinking about watching a tag, and it would be nice if moderators and other editors knew that it could be used to get our attention by adding the tag.

 16:18 <rbasak> Thought about communicating with relevant askubuntu.com people early to discuss this idea, and your name came up.

 16:18 <rbasak> If you're not about, we can defer to a future meeting.

 16:18 <rharper> #info discussion about expanding bug triage for ubuntu-server by watching relevant askubuntu.com questions, deferring to another irc meeting

 16:19 <rharper> #action re-raise askubuntu.com questions (teward) - Better communication with community discussion

 16:19 * meetingology re-raise askubuntu.com questions (teward) - Better communication with community discussion

 16:19 <rharper> #topic Open Discussion

 16:19 <ahasenack> nothing from me

 16:19 <rharper> ...

 16:20 <nacc> git-ubuntu x on x is about to pass locally

 16:20 <rbasak> Nice!

 16:20 <nacc> git-ubutu x on aa is ... still failig

 16:20 <nacc> classic snaps and building on artful = death.

 16:20 <nacc> and it's taken ~1 week to not build on artful :)

 16:20 <rharper> #info git-ubuntu x on x is about to pass locally

 16:20 <nacc> but i'm learning lots of python build stuff, and our setup.py actually works now, which might mean we can do pypi

 16:20 <rharper> #info git-ubutu x on aa is ... still failing

 16:21 <rharper> nacc: cool; if you've specific questions, do ping in #snappy or email we can corner some folks this week

 16:21 <rharper> also the forum (snappy)

 16:22 <rharper> #topic Announce next meeting date, time and chair

 16:23 <nacc> rharper: dpb and rbasak have a linnk to the docs i'm writing

 16:23 <rharper> #info Next meeting is Tue Oct  3 16:23:30 UTC 2017  (minus about 24 minutes) , and chair will be powersj

 16:23 <rharper> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)