== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 22 May at 16:33 &mdash; 16:51 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2017/ubuntu-meeting.2017-05-22-16.33.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting 
=== Sponsored Updates ===
The discussion about "Sponsored Updates" started at 16:34.


=== Join us! ===
The discussion about "Join us!" started at 16:34.


=== Weekly stand-up report ===
The discussion about "Weekly stand-up report" started at 16:35.


=== Highlighted packages ===
The discussion about "Highlighted packages" started at 16:49.

  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/ruby-saml.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/icecast2.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/kinit.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/ruby-rest-client.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/jsoup.html 

=== Miscellaneous and Questions ===
The discussion about "Miscellaneous and Questions" started at 16:49.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * tyhicks (36)
 * sbeattie (9)
 * jjohansen (7)
 * ratliff (4)
 * ubottu (3)
 * meetingology (3)
 * sarnold (2)
 * acheronuk (2)



== Full Log ==


 16:33 <tyhicks> #startmeeting

 16:33 <meetingology> Meeting started Mon May 22 16:33:46 2017 UTC.  The chair is tyhicks. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:33 <meetingology> 

 16:33 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 16:33 <tyhicks> The meeting agenda can be found at:

 16:33 <tyhicks> [LINK] https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting

 16:34 <tyhicks> [TOPIC] Sponsored Updates

 16:34 <tyhicks> Jose Manuel Santamaria Lema (santa_) provided debdiffs for xenial and yakkety for kauth (LP: #1689759)

 16:34 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1689759 in kde4libs (Ubuntu Artful) "CVE 2017-8422 - kauth: Local privilege escalation" [High,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1689759

 16:34 <tyhicks> Rik Mills (acheronuk) provided debdiffs for xenial and yakkety for kde4libs (LP: #1689759)

 16:34 <tyhicks> v.naini provided debdiffs for zesty for kauth and kde4libs (LP: #1689759)

 16:34 <tyhicks> Thank you for your assistance in keeping Ubuntu users secure! :)

 16:34 <tyhicks> [TOPIC] Join us!

 16:34 <tyhicks> The Ubuntu Security Team has an open position. Learn more and apply at http://bit.ly/SecEngJob

 16:35 <tyhicks> [TOPIC] Weekly stand-up report

 16:35 <tyhicks> sbeattie: you're up

 16:35 <sbeattie> I'm in the happy place this week

 16:35 <acheronuk> tyhicks: you're welcome

 16:35 * acheronuk shuts up

 16:35 <sbeattie> heh

 16:35 <tyhicks> hey acheronuk :)

 16:36 <sbeattie> I have an embargoed issue that I'm working on

 16:36 <sbeattie> I've some kernel cve triage bits and signoffs to do

 16:37 <sbeattie> I'll go down the open list to work on another update as well.

 16:37 <sbeattie> Oh, kernel team pointed me at some minor qrt failures to address with the 4.11 kernel.

 16:37 <sbeattie> (config renames ,etc.)

 16:38 <sbeattie> that's probably my week.

 16:38 <sbeattie> tyhicks: you're up

 16:38 <tyhicks> I'm on community this week

 16:38 <tyhicks> I've got a few eCryptfs kernel patches to review

 16:39 <tyhicks> I'm trying my best to cover for Jamie on forum.snapcraft.io this week

 16:40 <tyhicks> I've got some internal tasks to do today

 16:40 <tyhicks> then I'll spend time on seccomp

 16:40 <tyhicks> that's it

 16:40 <tyhicks> jjohansen: you're up

 16:41 <jjohansen> I'll be coordinating with sbeattie on some apparmor regression test failures, bug 1659111 is known and a kernel change, I knew about it before pushing, and told them the fix will follow

 16:41 <jjohansen> I have poked a couple people on the securityfs patches so hopefully I will be doing any needed replies/revision for that

 16:41 <ubottu> bug 1659111 in linux (Ubuntu Zesty) "UbuntuKVM guest crashed while running I/O stress test with Ubuntu kernel 4.4.0-47-generic" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1659111

 16:43 <jjohansen> and I am working on finishing beating the patch queue for upstream into shape, largely still breaking a few things into smaller logical chunks that make sense and trying not to break bisecting

 16:43 <jjohansen> oh and I suppose maybe the fixes for some qrt regressions, maybe

 16:45 <tyhicks> jjohansen: was that the wrong bug number? did you mean bug 1692543?

 16:45 <ubottu> bug 1692543 in apparmor (Ubuntu) "Regression tests cannot write to apparmor path_max module parameter in artful/4.11" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1692543

 16:45 <jjohansen> tyhicks: sorry yes 1692543, I grabbed the wrong line from irc :)

 16:46 <tyhicks> cool

 16:46 <jjohansen> I am going to push some more RFCs up this week, and I expect that to consume the rest of my time

 16:47 <jjohansen> so I think that is it for me

 16:47 <tyhicks> sarnold: you're up

 16:47 <sarnold> i'm on bug triage this week; back to MIRs; AA patch reviews if those will be helpful. and internal tasks

 16:47 <sarnold> that's it for me, chrisccoulson is out right?, so, ratliff?

 16:48 <ratliff> I'm on CVE triage this week

 16:48 <ratliff> I am finalizing an ESM update and will do the same update for Ubuntu Core 15 (rtmpdump)

 16:48 <ratliff> Most of the week will be focused on internal tasks.

 16:48 <ratliff> that's it for me, back to you tyhicks

 16:49 <tyhicks> thanks

 16:49 <tyhicks> [TOPIC] Highlighted packages

 16:49 <tyhicks> The Ubuntu Security team will highlight some community-supported packages that might be good candidates for updating and or triaging. If you would like to help Ubuntu and not sure where to start, this is a great way to do so.

 16:49 <tyhicks> See https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/UpdateProcedures for details and if you have any questions, feel free to ask in #ubuntu-security. To find out other ways of helping out, please see https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/GettingInvolved.

 16:49 <tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/ruby-saml.html

 16:49 <tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/icecast2.html

 16:49 <tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/kinit.html

 16:49 <tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/ruby-rest-client.html

 16:49 <tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/jsoup.html

 16:49 <tyhicks> [TOPIC] Miscellaneous and Questions

 16:49 <tyhicks> Does anyone have any other questions or items to discuss?

 16:51 <tyhicks> sbeattie, jjohansen, sarnold, ratliff: Thanks!

 16:51 <tyhicks> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)