== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 11 Sep at 16:31 &mdash; 16:50 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2017/ubuntu-meeting.2017-09-11-16.31.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting 
=== Announcements ===
The discussion about "Announcements" started at 16:32.


=== Weekly stand-up report ===
The discussion about "Weekly stand-up report" started at 16:32.


=== Highlighted packages ===
The discussion about "Highlighted packages" started at 16:48.

  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/python-jwcrypto.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/libid3tag.html 

=== Miscellaneous and Questions ===
The discussion about "Miscellaneous and Questions" started at 16:48.

  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/atheme-services.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/golang-github-appc-docker2aci.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/mxml.html 



== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * tyhicks (45)
 * ratliff (7)
 * jdstrand (7)
 * sbeattie (7)
 * sarnold (5)
 * leosilva (5)
 * mdeslaur (5)
 * jjohansen (4)
 * ubottu (3)
 * meetingology (3)



== Full Log ==


 16:31 <tyhicks> #startmeeting

 16:31 <meetingology> Meeting started Mon Sep 11 16:31:46 2017 UTC.  The chair is tyhicks. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:31 <meetingology> 

 16:31 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 16:31 <mdeslaur> \o

 16:31 <tyhicks> The meeting agenda can be found at:

 16:31 <tyhicks> [LINK] https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting

 16:32 <tyhicks> [TOPIC] Announcements

 16:32 <tyhicks> Gianfranco Costamagna provided a debdiff for xenial for check-all-the-things (LP: #1597245)

 16:32 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1597245 in check-all-the-things (Ubuntu Xenial) "[SRU] update check-all-the-things to xenial" [Undecided,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1597245

 16:32 <tyhicks> Simon Quigley (tsimonq2) provided a debdiff for xenial for karchive (LP: #1712948)

 16:32 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1712948 in karchive (Ubuntu Xenial) "[CVE] KNewstuff downloads can install files outside the extraction directory" [Medium,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1712948

 16:32 <tyhicks> James Cowgill (jcowgill) provided debdiffs for xenial and zesty for mbedtls (LP: #1714640)

 16:32 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1714640 in mbedtls (Ubuntu Artful) "CVE-2017-14032 - certificate authentication bypass" [Medium,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1714640

 16:32 <tyhicks> Thank you for your assistance in keeping Ubuntu users secure! :)

 16:32 <tyhicks> [TOPIC] Weekly stand-up report

 16:32 <tyhicks> jdstrand: you're up

 16:32 <jdstrand> This week I plan to work on:

 16:32 <jdstrand> * updating the review tools for new license yaml, better error reporting and a few smaller fixes

 16:32 <jdstrand> * continuing reviews in support of snapd layouts feature (PR 3621)

 16:32 <jdstrand> * investigate device cgroup issues in snapd

 16:32 <jdstrand> * miscellaneous policy updates for snapd as have time

 16:32 <jdstrand> * start next steps of my parts of uid/gid work in snapd as have time

 16:32 <jdstrand> that's it from me. mdeslaur, you're up

 16:33 <mdeslaur> I'm just back from vacation, so I'll be catching up on email

 16:33 <mdeslaur> I think I have qemu packages to publish tomorow

 16:33 <mdeslaur> and I'll be going down the list after that

 16:33 <mdeslaur> that's it, sbeattie, you're up

 16:33 <sbeattie> I'm in the happy place this week.

 16:33 <sbeattie> I have a couple of embargoed issues I'm looking at

 16:34 <sbeattie> I'm also working on a libxml2 update

 16:35 <sbeattie> I'll have the usual kernel triage bits to go through.

 16:35 <sbeattie> I have some apparmor stuff to review, and I think a couple of qrt tasks to investigate

 16:36 <sbeattie> that's probably it for me.

 16:36 <sbeattie> tyhicks: you're up

 16:36 <tyhicks> I'm in the happy place this week

 16:37 <tyhicks> I'm here for the first half of the week and then I'll be traveling to and attending the Linux Security Summit in the last half

 16:37 <tyhicks> I'll be working on packaging/testing fscrypt 0.2.1

 16:37 <tyhicks> I'll test the latest LSM stacking patches prior to LSS

 16:38 <tyhicks> (I quickly reviewed the patches a week or two ago)

 16:38 <jjohansen> tyhicks: I have a tree with them on artful 4.13 I'll point you at

 16:38 <tyhicks> and I'll see if I can fit any libseccomp backports/uploads in if the PR gets an ack

 16:38 <tyhicks> that's it for me

 16:38 <tyhicks> jjohansen: thanks, that'll be helpful

 16:38 <tyhicks> jjohansen: you're up

 16:39 <jjohansen> I am at Linux plumbers and the linux security conference this week, today I am prepping for presentations and discussions around apparmor, LSM stacking, and LSM namespacing

 16:40 <jjohansen> that is it for me I haven't seen sarnold so back to you tyhicks

 16:40 <ratliff> if you want any reviewers, please let us know, jjohansen

 16:40 <jjohansen> ratliff: ah, thanks that would be good

 16:42 <tyhicks> chrisccoulson: are you back around?

 16:42 <sarnold> tyhicks: i'm finally in :)

 16:42 <tyhicks> sarnold: hey - go ahead

 16:42 <sarnold> I'm on bug triage this week

 16:43 <sarnold> i'm helping jj with apparmor patch reviews as he generates them

 16:43 <sarnold> working on nghttp2 mir ATM and moving on to the python elftools one once that's finished

 16:44 <sarnold> that'll probably account for the week, so token back to chrisccoulson or ratliff?

 16:44 <ratliff> I'll give chrisccoulson a minute to pipe up, then I'll go

 16:45 <tyhicks> he had to step away for an errand and was iffy on returning in time

 16:45 <tyhicks> you can go ahead

 16:45 <ratliff> I'm on community this week.

 16:45 <ratliff> I have a number of organizational and technical documentation tasks to do.

 16:46 <ratliff> I also need to start doing sprint prep for the two upcoming sprints.

 16:46 <ratliff> leosilva: on to you

 16:46 <leosilva> I'm in CVE triage this week.

 16:47 <leosilva> Soon I finish it for today I'm planning to get gdk-pixbuf and retest the issues to see if it can or not patched

 16:47 <leosilva> also planning to hunting more pkgs to update.

 16:47 <leosilva> that is for me.

 16:47 <leosilva> tyhicks: it's back to you

 16:48 <tyhicks> thanks

 16:48 <tyhicks> [TOPIC] Highlighted packages

 16:48 <tyhicks> The Ubuntu Security team will highlight some community-supported packages that might be good candidates for updating and or triaging. If you would like to help Ubuntu and not sure where to start, this is a great way to do so.

 16:48 <tyhicks> See https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/UpdateProcedures for details and if you have any questions, feel free to ask in #ubuntu-security. To find out other ways of helping out, please see https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/GettingInvolved.

 16:48 <tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/python-jwcrypto.html

 16:48 <tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/libid3tag.html

 16:48 <tyhicks> [TOPIC] Miscellaneous and Questions

 16:48 <tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/atheme-services.html

 16:48 <tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/golang-github-appc-docker2aci.html

 16:48 <tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/mxml.html

 16:48 <tyhicks> Does anyone have any other questions or items to discuss?

 16:49 <tyhicks> I'll give a quick summary of Chris' plans for the week and then we'll end the meeting:

 16:49 <tyhicks> * finish updating rustc to 1.19

 16:49 <tyhicks> * start on updating rustc to 1.20

 16:49 <tyhicks> * thunderbird update

 16:49 <tyhicks> * sponsor chromium-browser update

 16:49 <tyhicks> * fix bugs for Firefox 56

 16:49 <tyhicks> * menubar

 16:50 <tyhicks> * FTBFS on Trusty

 16:50 <tyhicks> * armhf issue

 16:50 <tyhicks> jdstrand, mdeslaur, sbeattie, jjohansen, sarnold, ratliff, leosilva: Thanks!

 16:50 <ratliff> thank you, tyhicks!

 16:50 <tyhicks> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)