== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 23 Oct at 16:31 &mdash; 16:45 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2017/ubuntu-meeting.2017-10-23-16.31.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting 
=== Weekly stand-up report ===
The discussion about "Weekly stand-up report" started at 16:31.


=== Highlighted packages ===
The discussion about "Highlighted packages" started at 16:42.

  * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/swift-plugin-s3.html 
  * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/sniffit.html 
  * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/ruby-rack.html 
  * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/digikam.html 
  * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/webfs.html 

=== Miscellaneous and Questions ===
The discussion about "Miscellaneous and Questions" started at 16:43.

  * ''LINK:'' https://lists.debian.org/debian-devel/2017/10/msg00405.html 



== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * tyhicks (32)
 * mdeslaur (7)
 * jdstrand (7)
 * leosilva (6)
 * sarnold (5)
 * sbeattie (5)
 * jbicha (5)
 * chrisccoulson (4)
 * ratliff (3)
 * meetingology (3)



== Full Log ==


 16:31 <tyhicks> #startmeeting

 16:31 <meetingology> Meeting started Mon Oct 23 16:31:03 2017 UTC.  The chair is tyhicks. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:31 <meetingology> 

 16:31 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 16:31 <tyhicks> The meeting agenda can be found at:

 16:31 <tyhicks> [LINK] https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting

 16:31 <mdeslaur> \o

 16:31 <tyhicks> [TOPIC] Weekly stand-up report

 16:31 <leosilva> o/

 16:31 <tyhicks> jdstrand: you're up

 16:31 <jdstrand> hey

 16:31 <jdstrand> This week I plan to:

 16:31 <jdstrand> * finish some snappy-debug work based on sprint feedback

 16:31 <jdstrand> * do a ton of snapd PR reviews. Some for layouts, which I expect to take a lot of time since they are attempting to use overlayfs

 16:32 <jdstrand> * miscellaneous interface policy updates

 16:32 <jdstrand> * get back to uid/gid seccomp arg filtering work as have time

 16:32 <jdstrand> that's it from me. mdeslaur, you're up

 16:32 <mdeslaur> I'm in the happy place this week

 16:32 <mdeslaur> I have a short week as I'm off on friday

 16:32 <mdeslaur> I just published a few updates

 16:32 <mdeslaur> and I have a couple of others to test

 16:32 <mdeslaur> I'll probably pick something new off the list after that

 16:33 <mdeslaur> that's it, sbeattie, you're up

 16:33 <sbeattie> I'm also in the happy place this week

 16:34 <sbeattie> I'm doing some investigating on notifying snaps that they have security issues in embedded packaging

 16:34 <sbeattie> I'm also going to be focusing on apparmor this week, in concert with some of the work debian is doing

 16:35 <sbeattie> I also have an update to finish up, and the usual set of kernel triage to do

 16:35 <sbeattie> that'll take up my week. tyhicks?

 16:35 <tyhicks> happy_place++

 16:36 <tyhicks> I need to finalize the upstream libseccomp-golang changes and update the PR

 16:36 <tyhicks> update the seccomp(2) man page for the kernel logging changes

 16:36 <tyhicks> eCryptfs patch review

 16:36 <tyhicks> AppArmor work to support Debian's !AppArmor-in-Debian sprint

 16:36 <tyhicks> that's it for me

 16:36 <tyhicks> I don't think jjohansen is back yet

 16:36 <tyhicks> sarnold: go ahead and we'll circle back to jjohansen

 16:37 <sarnold> I'm on bug triage this week

 16:37 <sarnold> I'll also be helping out the debian apparmor sprint as I can

 16:37 <sarnold> and doing MIRs, I expect to finish spice-vdagent early in the week

 16:37 <sarnold> with what time may be left I'll look at the pcp changes in response the last cycle's MIR

 16:37 <sarnold> that's it for me, chrisccoulson?

 16:37 <jbicha> yay, MIRs

 16:38 <chrisccoulson> I've got a chromium update to test and publish

 16:38 <chrisccoulson> Then I need to finish off the rust 1.20 update - artful is done, I just need to backport it. Fingers crossed there are no new problems and this is the end of it for a few weeks

 16:38 <chrisccoulson> then hopefully fun stuff

 16:39 * tyhicks crosses fingers

 16:39 <chrisccoulson> that's me done

 16:39 <tyhicks> ratliff: you're up

 16:39 <ratliff> I'm on community this week

 16:40 <ratliff> After that I have quite a bit of internally focused work which will consume my week.

 16:40 <ratliff> on to you, leosilva

 16:40 <leosilva> I'm in CVE triage this week

 16:40 <leosilva> I have a couple of UNS to publish for precise

 16:41 <leosilva> besides that I'll do my hunting for pkgs to update and watch some git for triage in pkgs I'm waiting patches

 16:41 <leosilva> that's for me

 16:41 <leosilva> tyhicks: it's back to yu!

 16:41 <tyhicks> jjohansen: any chance you're back yet?

 16:42 <tyhicks> lets move on

 16:42 <tyhicks> [TOPIC] Highlighted packages

 16:42 <tyhicks> The Ubuntu Security team will highlight some community-supported packages that might be good candidates for updating and or triaging. If you would like to help Ubuntu and not sure where to start, this is a great way to do so.

 16:43 <tyhicks> See https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/UpdateProcedures for details and if you have any questions, feel free to ask in #ubuntu-security. To find out other ways of helping out, please see https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/GettingInvolved.

 16:43 <tyhicks> https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/swift-plugin-s3.html

 16:43 <tyhicks> https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/sniffit.html

 16:43 <tyhicks> https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/ruby-rack.html

 16:43 <tyhicks> https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/digikam.html

 16:43 <tyhicks> https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/webfs.html

 16:43 <tyhicks> [TOPIC] Miscellaneous and Questions

 16:43 <tyhicks> Does anyone have any other questions or items to discuss?

 16:43 <jbicha> https://lists.debian.org/debian-devel/2017/10/msg00405.html

 16:43 <jbicha> I think Debian GNOME would be ok with a totem apparmor profile in the totem packaging, except that I don't think the Debian GNOME has apparmor expertise to maintain it

 16:44 <jbicha> (mentioned since y'all were talking about apparmor in Debian)

 16:44 <tyhicks> jbicha: we're working closely with intrigeri all week on this sort of stuff

 16:45 <tyhicks> jbicha: thanks for mentioning it

 16:45 <jbicha> thanks, that's all from me :)

 16:45 <tyhicks> cool :)

 16:45 <tyhicks> jdstrand, mdeslaur, sbeattie, jjohansen, sarnold, ChrisCoulson, ratliff, leosilva: Thanks!

 16:45 <tyhicks> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)