== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 06 Feb at 16:30 &mdash; 16:44 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2017/ubuntu-meeting.2017-02-06-16.30.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting 
=== Weekly stand-up report ===
The discussion about "Weekly stand-up report" started at 16:31.


=== Highlighted packages ===
The discussion about "Highlighted packages" started at 16:43.

  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/lib3ds.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/hesiod.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/newlib.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/teeworlds.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/libssh2.html 

=== Miscellaneous and Questions ===
The discussion about "Miscellaneous and Questions" started at 16:43.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * tyhicks (31)
 * chrisccoulson (12)
 * jdstrand (8)
 * ratliff (7)
 * mdeslaur (4)
 * sbeattie (4)
 * meetingology (3)
 * sarnold (2)
 * ubottu (2)



== Full Log ==


 16:30 <tyhicks> #startmeeting

 16:30 <meetingology> Meeting started Mon Feb  6 16:30:54 2017 UTC.  The chair is tyhicks. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:30 <meetingology> 

 16:30 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 16:31 <tyhicks> The meeting agenda can be found at:

 16:31 <tyhicks> [LINK] https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting

 16:31 <tyhicks> there are no announcements today

 16:31 <tyhicks> [TOPIC] Weekly stand-up report

 16:31 <tyhicks> jdstrand: you're up

 16:31 <jdstrand> hi!

 16:31 <jdstrand> - several big PR reviews, in particular around Personal (unity8, maliit), but also others

 16:31 <jdstrand> - continue with seccomp arg filtering snappy policy (6 were sent up, more to come)

 16:31 <jdstrand> - various other snappy policy updates

 16:31 <jdstrand> - move to miscellaneous review tools updates as have time

 16:31 <jdstrand> mdeslaur: you're up

 16:32 <mdeslaur> I'm i the happy place this week

 16:32 <mdeslaur> I'm working on some updates

 16:32 <mdeslaur> I'll pick more from the list after that

 16:32 <mdeslaur> that's about it, sbeattie?

 16:32 <sbeattie> I'm also in the happy place this week.

 16:32 <sbeattie> I'll be focusing on updates this week.

 16:33 <sbeattie> That's pretty much it for me.

 16:33 <sbeattie> tyhicks: you're up

 16:33 <tyhicks> I'm on community this week

 16:33 <tyhicks> I need to prepare an apparmor SRU for bug 1661406

 16:33 <ubottu> bug 1661406 in apparmor (Ubuntu Trusty) "apparmor failing to be purged on trusty" [Medium,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1661406

 16:34 <tyhicks> that's the only regression, due to the big SRU, that I'm aware of on Trusty but let me know if you want me to include any other changes in my upload

 16:35 <tyhicks> it looks like I have a few good security sponsorings to do this week

 16:35 <tyhicks> I'd still like to upload apparmor 2.11 to zesty

 16:35 <tyhicks> I expect to have some followup discussions and some libseccomp work fall out of the seccomp kernel patches that I sent up last week

 16:36 <tyhicks> I have a little bit of libvirt apparmor research to do around what it would take to dynamically update the policy when someone adjusts the disk image path via `virsh edit`

 16:36 <tyhicks> that's it for me

 16:36 <tyhicks> jj is out

 16:37 <tyhicks> sarnold: you're up

 16:37 <sarnold> I'm on bug triage this week, working my way down the MIRs; I'm very nearly finished with the mellon apache auth module, so advice on next one to start would be appreciated

 16:37 <sarnold> that's it for me, chrisccoulson?

 16:38 <chrisccoulson> I'm hoping to publish oxide updates this week. I was hoping to do it last week but they're blocked because I have to wait for the stable overlay PPA to be updated first

 16:38 <chrisccoulson> I'll also probably have to do a firefox update again (there's another point release)

 16:39 <chrisccoulson> I need to figure out why firefox crashes on arm, which currently prevents the build from completing

 16:39 <jdstrand> tyhicks: talk to me about virsh edit. this sounds like something that libvirt should be handling already

 16:40 <chrisccoulson> Other than that, I'll be working on bug 1638852

 16:40 <ubottu> bug 1638852 in Oxide "Add touch selection handles and quick menu to UbuntuWebView" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1638852

 16:40 <jdstrand> tyhicks: (ie, outside of this meeting)

 16:40 <tyhicks> jdstrand: will do - thanks

 16:40 <chrisccoulson> And no doubt I'll spend a bit of time crying about rust

 16:40 <chrisccoulson> That's me done

 16:40 <chrisccoulson> oh no

 16:40 <ratliff> I'm on CVE triage this week

 16:40 <tyhicks> chrisccoulson: looks like you're still expecting chromium-browser updates too

 16:40 <chrisccoulson> 1 more thing

 16:40 <chrisccoulson> Firefox/GCC4.9 on trusty doesn't run either, so I need to figure that out

 16:41 <chrisccoulson> Really done now :)

 16:41 <chrisccoulson> sorry

 16:41 <ratliff> :-)

 16:41 <ratliff> I'm triaging CVEs this week.

 16:41 <chrisccoulson> tyhicks, ack

 16:41 <ratliff> And still recovering from being sick.

 16:41 <ratliff> I am still working on updates for core (15.04) and touch.

 16:42 <ratliff> I will be out for 1/2 day on Friday.

 16:42 <ratliff> back to you, tyhicks

 16:43 <tyhicks> thanks

 16:43 <tyhicks> [TOPIC] Highlighted packages

 16:43 <tyhicks> The Ubuntu Security team will highlight some community-supported packages that might be good candidates for updating and or triaging. If you would like to help Ubuntu and not sure where to start, this is a great way to do so.

 16:43 <tyhicks> See https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/UpdateProcedures for details and if you have any questions, feel free to ask in #ubuntu-security. To find out other ways of helping out, please see https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/GettingInvolved.

 16:43 <tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/lib3ds.html

 16:43 <tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/hesiod.html

 16:43 <tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/newlib.html

 16:43 <tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/teeworlds.html

 16:43 <tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/libssh2.html

 16:43 <tyhicks> [TOPIC] Miscellaneous and Questions

 16:43 <tyhicks> Does anyone have any other questions or items to discuss?

 16:44 <tyhicks> jdstrand, mdeslaur, sbeattie, sarnold, ChrisCoulson, ratliff: Thanks!

 16:44 <tyhicks> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)