== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting: ubuntu-server-team, 03 Jan at 16:00 &mdash; 16:07 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2017/ubuntu-meeting.2017-01-03-16.00.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Review ACTION points from previous meeting ===
The discussion about "Review ACTION points from previous meeting" started at 16:00.


=== Zesty Development ===
The discussion about "Zesty Development" started at 16:01.

  * ''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ZestyZapus/ReleaseSchedule 
 * '''blueprints''' (16:02)
 * '''Release Bugs''' (16:02)
  * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-z-tracking-bug-tasks.html#ubuntu-server 

=== Server & Cloud Bugs & SRU/Pending Uploads (caribou) ===
The discussion about "Server & Cloud Bugs & SRU/Pending Uploads (caribou)" started at 16:03.

  * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-x-tracking-bug-tasks.html#ubuntu-server 

=== Weekly Updates & Questions for the QA Team (powersj) ===
The discussion about "Weekly Updates & Questions for the QA Team (powersj)" started at 16:04.

  * ''LINK:'' https://jenkins.ubuntu.com/server/ 

=== Weekly Updates & Questions for the Kernel Team (smb, sforshee) ===
The discussion about "Weekly Updates & Questions for the Kernel Team (smb, sforshee)" started at 16:05.


=== Upcoming Call For Papers ===
The discussion about "Upcoming Call For Papers" started at 16:05.

  * ''LINK:'' https://lwn.net/Calendar/Monthly/cfp/ 

=== Ubuntu Server Team Events ===
The discussion about "Ubuntu Server Team Events" started at 16:05.


=== Open Discussion ===
The discussion about "Open Discussion" started at 16:06.


=== Announce next meeting date, time and chair ===
The discussion about "Announce next meeting date, time and chair" started at 16:06.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * gaughen (39)
 * jgrimm (11)
 * caribou (8)
 * ubottu (7)
 * meetingology (3)
 * powersj (1)
 * cpaelzer (1)



== Full Log ==


 16:00 <gaughen> #startmeeting ubuntu-server-team

 16:00 <meetingology> Meeting started Tue Jan  3 16:00:37 2017 UTC.  The chair is gaughen. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:00 <meetingology> 

 16:00 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 16:00 <jgrimm> indeed, it doesn't look like the wiki page is updated.  fwiw, there were no action items last time

 16:00 <jgrimm> gaughen, ^^

 16:00 <gaughen> #topic Review ACTION points from previous meeting

 16:00 <gaughen> cool, thank you jgrimm

 16:01 <gaughen> no action items, moving on

 16:01 <jgrimm> :)

 16:01 <gaughen> #topic Zesty Development

 16:01 <gaughen> #link https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ZestyZapus/ReleaseSchedule

 16:01 <gaughen> feature freeze is Feb 16, that's the closest date I see

 16:01 <jgrimm> going to be a quiet meeting

 16:02 <gaughen> #subtopic blueprints

 16:02 <gaughen> #https://blueprints.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+spec/servercloud-z-server-core

 16:02 <gaughen> jgrimm, and that's all right by me!

 16:02 <gaughen> #subtopic Release Bugs

 16:02 <gaughen> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-z-tracking-bug-tasks.html#ubuntu-server

 16:02 <jgrimm> nothing really new to point out there. good progress

 16:03 <gaughen> not sure anything worth noting

 16:03 <gaughen> #topic Server & Cloud Bugs & SRU/Pending Uploads (caribou)

 16:03 <gaughen> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-x-tracking-bug-tasks.html#ubuntu-server

 16:03 <gaughen> caribou, any words today?

 16:03 <caribou> LP: #1447715 - dhclient -6: Can't bind to dhcp address: Cannot assign requested address

 16:03 <caribou> LP: #1452202 - ubuntu preseed install fails to set a hostname

 16:03 <caribou> LP: #1579609 - os-prober bug resulting in possible FS corruption

 16:03 <caribou> LP: #1621340 - [SRU]'multipath -r' causes /dev/mapper/<wwid> being removed

 16:03 <caribou> LP: #1640382 - Segfault event notifier because of race condition

 16:03 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1447715 in ifupdown (Ubuntu Xenial) "dhclient -6: Can't bind to dhcp address: Cannot assign requested address" [Medium,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1447715

 16:03 <caribou> LP: #1642903 - introduce disk/by-id (model_serial) symlinks for NVMe drives

 16:03 <caribou> LP: #1648901 - SPNEGO crash on mechanism failure

 16:03 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1452202 in netcfg (Debian) "ubuntu preseed install fails to set a hostname" [Unknown,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1452202

 16:03 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1579609 in os-prober (Ubuntu Xenial) "os-prober bug resulting in possible FS corruption" [Critical,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1579609

 16:03 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1621340 in multipath-tools (Ubuntu Xenial) "[SRU]'multipath -r' causes /dev/mapper/<wwid> being removed" [Medium,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1621340

 16:03 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1640382 in Ubuntu Cloud Archive "Segfault event notifier because of race condition" [Undecided,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1640382

 16:03 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1642903 in systemd (Ubuntu Trusty) "introduce disk/by-id (model_serial) symlinks for NVMe drives" [Undecided,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1642903

 16:03 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1648901 in krb5 (Ubuntu Xenial) "SPNEGO crash on mechanism failure" [Medium,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1648901

 16:03 <caribou> those are the SRU under our radar

 16:04 <gaughen> any comments on them?

 16:04 <gaughen> anybody?

 16:04 <jgrimm> all good

 16:04 <gaughen> #topic Weekly Updates & Questions for the QA Team (powersj)

 16:04 <gaughen> #link https://jenkins.ubuntu.com/server/

 16:04 <gaughen> powersj, the mic is yours

 16:04 <powersj> Catching up on bugs and email, then announcing the new integration tests as a part of cloud-init and reviewing wes' merge.

 16:04 <jgrimm> \o/

 16:04 <gaughen> woot! on the new integration tests!!!!

 16:05 <gaughen> moving on

 16:05 <gaughen> #topic Weekly Updates & Questions for the Kernel Team (smb, sforshee)

 16:05 <gaughen> well I see neither of these kernel folks here

 16:05 <gaughen> so I'm just moving on

 16:05 <cpaelzer> not around yet today

 16:05 <gaughen> #topic Upcoming Call For Papers

 16:05 <gaughen> #link https://lwn.net/Calendar/Monthly/cfp/

 16:05 <gaughen> #topic Ubuntu Server Team Events

 16:05 <jgrimm> nada

 16:06 <gaughen> #topic Open Discussion

 16:06 <gaughen> any open discussions for today/

 16:06 <gaughen> ?

 16:06 <gaughen> 3

 16:06 <gaughen> 2

 16:06 <gaughen> 1

 16:06 <jgrimm> :)

 16:06 <gaughen> #topic Announce next meeting date, time and chair

 16:06 <jgrimm> record time

 16:06 <gaughen> next week, same time, same place - jamespage is scheduled to chair but we should probably find a replacement as he'll be in cpt

 16:07 <jgrimm> gaughen, agreed

 16:07 <gaughen> I could leave rbasak in the lead since he didn't move himself :-)

 16:07 <gaughen> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)