== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting: ubuntu-server-team, 14 Mar at 16:02 &mdash; 16:20 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2017/ubuntu-meeting.2017-03-14-16.02.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Review ACTION points from previous meeting ===
The discussion about "Review ACTION points from previous meeting" started at 16:02.

  * ''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ServerTeam/mysql 
  * MySQL triage response page started at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ServerTeam/mysql
  * ''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ServerTeam/mysql 
  * ''ACTION:'' rbasak, powersj, cpaelzer to continue drafting mysql triage response page like nginx has

=== Zesty Development ===
The discussion about "Zesty Development" started at 16:05.

  * ''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ZestyZapus/ReleaseSchedule 
 * '''blueprints''' (16:05)
  * blueprint looks fairly clean for zesty
  * ''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ZestyZapus/ReleaseNotes 
  * cpaelzer noted that we should start considering any server release notes for 17.04
  * ''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ZestyZapus/ReleaseNotes 
  * ''ACTION:'' everyone to review Release Notes for server items
 * '''Release Bugs''' (16:09)
  * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-z-tracking-bug-tasks.html#ubuntu-server 
  * no change in release bugs

=== Server & Cloud Bugs & SRU/Pending Uploads (caribou) ===
The discussion about "Server & Cloud Bugs & SRU/Pending Uploads (caribou)" started at 16:10.

  * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-x-tracking-bug-tasks.html#ubuntu-server 
  * SRU are pending for : nfs-utils, sssd, multipath-tools, sosreport

=== Weekly Updates & Questions for the QA Team (powersj) ===
The discussion about "Weekly Updates & Questions for the QA Team (powersj)" started at 16:13.

  * ''LINK:'' https://jenkins.ubuntu.com/server/ 
  * powersj provided QA status, including zesty ISO tests are green

=== Weekly Updates & Questions for the Kernel Team (smb, sforshee) ===
The discussion about "Weekly Updates & Questions for the Kernel Team (smb, sforshee)" started at 16:15.

  * zesty will ship 4.10, there is a bug in HVM guests under xen
  * ''LINK:'' https://launchpad.net/bugs/1671760 

=== Upcoming Call For Papers ===
The discussion about "Upcoming Call For Papers" started at 16:17.

  * ''LINK:'' https://lwn.net/Calendar/Monthly/cfp/ 
  * no upcoming CFP

=== Ubuntu Server Team Events ===
The discussion about "Ubuntu Server Team Events" started at 16:17.

  * next Wednesday (22/3/2017) will be the first Ubuntu Server Bug Squashing Day
  * following Wednesday (29/3/2017) will be the first Sponsorship Queue Squashing Party

=== Open Discussion ===
The discussion about "Open Discussion" started at 16:19.


=== Announce next meeting date, time and chair ===
The discussion about "Announce next meeting date, time and chair" started at 16:19.

  * smoser to chair, 1600 UTC  on 21.3.17



== Vote results ==




== Action items, by person ==

 * cpaelzer
  * rbasak, powersj, cpaelzer to continue drafting mysql triage response page like nginx has
 * powersj
  * rbasak, powersj, cpaelzer to continue drafting mysql triage response page like nginx has



== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * nacc (49)
 * cpaelzer (26)
 * powersj (10)
 * meetingology (5)
 * caribou (5)
 * ubottu (2)
 * smb (1)
 * rharper (1)



== Full Log ==


 16:02 <nacc> #startmeeting ubuntu-server-team

 16:02 <meetingology> Meeting started Tue Mar 14 16:02:02 2017 UTC.  The chair is nacc. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:02 <meetingology> 

 16:02 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 16:02 <nacc> #topic Review ACTION points from previous meeting

 16:02 <nacc> "rbasak, powersj, cpaelzer to draft mysql triage response page like nginx has"

 16:02 * cpaelzer <- not yet

 16:02 <powersj> I started the page

 16:02 <cpaelzer> yay

 16:02 <nacc> link?

 16:02 <powersj> lots' of todo

 16:02 <powersj> let me see

 16:02 <nacc> i'm assuming we'll need to carry it forward as an action for next meeting (and for the next few)?

 16:03 <powersj> https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ServerTeam/mysql

 16:03 <rharper> someone # link that

 16:03 <nacc> #info MySQL triage response page started at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ServerTeam/mysql

 16:03 <powersj> (literally copied the nginx one and cleaned it out and put todo's in it)

 16:03 <nacc> #link https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ServerTeam/mysql

 16:04 <nacc> #action rbasak, powersj, cpaelzer to continue drafting mysql triage response page like nginx has

 16:04 * meetingology rbasak, powersj, cpaelzer to continue drafting mysql triage response page like nginx has

 16:05 <nacc> moving on

 16:05 <nacc> #topic Zesty Development

 16:05 <nacc> #link https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ZestyZapus/ReleaseSchedule

 16:05 <nacc> #subtopic blueprints

 16:05 <nacc> #https://blueprints.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+spec/servercloud-z-server-core

 16:06 <cpaelzer> Just to get more eyes

 16:06 <nacc> #info blueprint looks fairly clean for zesty

 16:06 <cpaelzer> if any of you sees "new" issues around /etc/qemu-ifup pelase let me know

 16:06 <cpaelzer> I work on a bug, but I'm somewhat leaning towards special/broken config

 16:06 <cpaelzer> no need to info that

 16:06 <cpaelzer> but those of you reading, if you see seomthing let me know

 16:06 <cpaelzer> one more zesty-dev thing

 16:07 <cpaelzer> usually around this time we start to poll for release notes

 16:07 <cpaelzer> start to make your thoughts

 16:07 <cpaelzer> #link https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ZestyZapus/ReleaseNotes

 16:07 <nacc> i'm assuming at some point we'll want to consider migrating INPROGRESS / BLOCKED to AA

 16:07 <cpaelzer> you have to link that nacc

 16:07 <cpaelzer> you are the commander :-)

 16:07 <nacc> #info cpaelzer noted that we should start considering any server release notes for 17.04

 16:07 <cpaelzer> I added qemu/dpdk/libvirt

 16:08 <nacc> #link https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ZestyZapus/ReleaseNotes

 16:08 <cpaelzer> feel free to look at yakkety what we usually do

 16:08 <cpaelzer> but especially if anything changed

 16:08 <cpaelzer> smoser: ds-identiy here as well maybe?

 16:09 <nacc> #action everyone to review Release Notes for server items

 16:09 * meetingology everyone to review Release Notes for server items

 16:09 <nacc> i think we can move on meanwhile

 16:09 <nacc> #subtopic Release Bugs

 16:09 <nacc> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-z-tracking-bug-tasks.html#ubuntu-server

 16:10 <nacc> #info no change in release bugs

 16:10 <nacc> #topic Server & Cloud Bugs & SRU/Pending Uploads (caribou)

 16:10 <nacc> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-x-tracking-bug-tasks.html#ubuntu-server

 16:10 <nacc> caribou: around?

 16:10 <caribou> yep, but forgot to prepare, give me a minute

 16:11 <nacc> np

 16:11 <cpaelzer> all ongoing still: keepalived (X, unapproved), libvirt (T, proposed), qemu (X, unapproved), libvirt (Y, testing)

 16:11 <cpaelzer> that is my list of this week

 16:12 <caribou> here is mine :

 16:12 <caribou> #info SRU are pending for : nfs-utils, sssd, multipath-tools, sosreport

 16:12 <cpaelzer> caribou: which one is multipath?

 16:12 <caribou> cpaelzer: LP: #1621340

 16:12 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1621340 in multipath-tools (Ubuntu Yakkety) "[SRU]'multipath -r' causes /dev/mapper/<wwid> being removed" [Medium,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1621340

 16:13 <cpaelzer> ah, ok I know that one - thanks caribou

 16:13 <caribou> always the same one :)

 16:13 <nacc> caribou: thank you!

 16:13 <cpaelzer> I'd expect this one passed somewhen

 16:13 <nacc> ok to move on?

 16:13 <cpaelzer> ack

 16:13 <nacc> #topic Weekly Updates & Questions for the QA Team (powersj)

 16:13 <nacc> #link https://jenkins.ubuntu.com/server/

 16:13 <powersj> Last week looked at a few of backlog bugs: closed some, took some. Got my tomcat[7,8] SRU proposed thanks to nacc and rbasak. Monitored the cloud-init CI process and got the curtin CI process on the same system, which found and fixed a bug in jenkins-launchpad-plugin to. And the zesty ISO tests are green across the board!

 16:13 <powersj> This week upgraded the LXD on the test systems to 2.11 to help with the locking issues (I hope), 4 days of bug triage, hope to sync on cloud-init kvm testing with Wes, and more bug work.

 16:14 <nacc> #info powersj provided QA status, including zesty ISO tests are green

 16:14 <cpaelzer> thanks for fighting bugs powersj

 16:14 <powersj> cpaelzer: btw reran the tests only one failure

 16:14 <powersj> the qemu ones that is, legit failure

 16:14 <powersj> and np

 16:15 <cpaelzer> double thanks then

 16:15 <nacc> #topic Weekly Updates & Questions for the Kernel Team (smb, sforshee)

 16:15 <smb> Kernel side not much new: Zesty has 4.10. Related to that just as info that 4.10 based kernel might experience hangs when booted as HVM guests under Xen (Intel hosts). Reason is a bug in the TSC_ADJUST MSR support which I am currently working on to fix (bug 1671760). Any questions or kernel bugs anybody wants to mention?

 16:15 <ubottu> bug 1671760 in xen (Ubuntu Zesty) "Xen HVM guests running linux 4.10 fail to boot on Intel hosts" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1671760

 16:16 <nacc> #info zesty will ship 4.10, there is a bug in HVM guests under xen

 16:16 <nacc> #link https://launchpad.net/bugs/1671760

 16:17 <nacc> smb: nothing else, it seems, thanks!

 16:17 <nacc> #topic Upcoming Call For Papers

 16:17 <nacc> #link https://lwn.net/Calendar/Monthly/cfp/

 16:17 <nacc> nothing I am aware of

 16:17 <nacc> #info no upcoming CFP

 16:17 <nacc> #topic Ubuntu Server Team Events

 16:18 <nacc> #info next Wednesday (22/3/2017) will be the first Ubuntu Server Bug Squashing Day

 16:18 <nacc> #info following Wednesday (29/3/2017) will be the first Sponsorship Queue Squashing Party

 16:18 <nacc> anything else?

 16:19 <nacc> #topic Open Discussion

 16:19 <nacc> #topic Announce next meeting date, time and chair

 16:19 <nacc> #info smoser to chair, 1600 UTC  on 21.3.17

 16:19 <nacc> smoser: ok with you?

 16:19 <cpaelzer> thanks nacc

 16:20 * nacc presumes it is :)

 16:20 <nacc> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)