== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 24 Aug at 15:02 &mdash; 15:26 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2017/ubuntu-meeting.2017-08-24-15.02.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning round ===
The discussion about "Lightning round" started at 15:02.


=== Incoming bugs ===
The discussion about "Incoming bugs" started at 15:12.

  * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-aa-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs 
  * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-aa-tracking-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs 
  * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/python-argcomplete/+bug/1665314 
  * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-aa-tracking-bug-tasks.html#unknown 
  * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/python-argcomplete/+bug/1665314 

=== AOB ===
The discussion about "AOB" started at 15:22.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * slangasek (55)
 * bdmurray (25)
 * cyphermox (15)
 * xnox (12)
 * tdaitx (12)
 * ubottu (11)
 * Tribaal (6)
 * doko (6)
 * fginther (5)
 * philroche (4)
 * meetingology (3)



== Full Log ==


 15:02 <slangasek> #startmeeting

 15:02 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Aug 24 15:02:51 2017 UTC.  The chair is slangasek. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 15:02 <meetingology> 

 15:02 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 15:02 <slangasek> [TOPIC] Lightning round

 15:02 <slangasek> $ echo $(shuf -e slangasek bdmurray xnox tdaitx doko sil2100 rbalint infinity cyphermox mwhudson rcj philroche Odd_Bloke tribaal fginther)

 15:03 <slangasek> rcj rbalint bdmurray tdaitx fginther doko xnox slangasek mwhudson Odd_Bloke sil2100 tribaal infinity cyphermox philroche

 15:03 <slangasek> rcj is out

 15:03 <slangasek> rbalint is out

 15:03 <slangasek> bdmurray:

 15:03 <bdmurray> SRU team work

 15:03 <bdmurray> uploaded apport to artful which gathers python version info LP: #1681528

 15:03 <bdmurray> improved apport's python version information collection

 15:03 <bdmurray> submitted/merged metrics PR re foundations_active_contributors.py job name

 15:03 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1681528 in apport (Ubuntu Artful) "Include information about python versions" [High,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1681528

 15:03 <bdmurray> reported ipython quit bug LP: #1711741, forwarded to debian

 15:03 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1711741 in ipython (Ubuntu) "quit in ipdb does not immediately exit the debugger" [Medium,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1711741

 15:03 <bdmurray> reuploaded fix for backuppc bug LP: #1612600

 15:03 <bdmurray> resolved pylint issues with SRU age KPI PR, merged it

 15:03 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1612600 in backuppc (Ubuntu Xenial) "backuppc 3.3.1-2ubuntu3 breaks pool graphs on the Status page" [Medium,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1612600

 15:04 <bdmurray> resolved feedback re errors.u.c KPI, merged it

 15:04 <bdmurray> submitted PR, merged of jenkins-job addition for errors.u.c KPI

 15:04 <bdmurray> review of update-notifier livepatch support changes

 15:04 <bdmurray> ✔ done

 15:04 <slangasek> tdaitx:

 15:04 <tdaitx> * [HIGHLIGHT] OpenJDK 7 version 7u151-2.6.11-0ubuntu1.14.04.1 has been released for Trusty

 15:04 <tdaitx> * Fixed FTBFS'es (LP: #1711478, LP: #1711026, ...)

 15:04 <tdaitx> * Investigated and provided additional info on kernel regression affecting OpenJDK in i386 (LP: #1699772)

 15:04 <tdaitx> * powerpc-utils SRU LP: #1692420

 15:04 <tdaitx> * Investigating LP: #1710674

 15:04 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1711478 in numactl (Ubuntu) "[FTBFS] arm does not define __NR_migrate_pages" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1711478

 15:04 <tdaitx> (done)

 15:04 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1711026 in byobu "[FTBFS] byobu fails pep8 check with E722" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1711026

 15:04 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1699772 in linux (Ubuntu) "linux-image-4.10.0-24-generic, linux-image-4.8.0-56-generic, linux-image-4.4.0-81-generic, linux-image-3.13.0-121-generic Regression: many user-space apps crashing" [Critical,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1699772

 15:04 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1692420 in powerpc-utils (Ubuntu) "[SRU] powerpc-utils commans exhibits "command substitution: ignored null byte in input" warning message" [Medium,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1692420

 15:04 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1710674 in openjdk-8 (Ubuntu) "Segmentation fault in os::write_memory_serialize_page " [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1710674

 15:04 <slangasek> fginther:

 15:04 <tdaitx> probably need to improve my highlight

 15:05 <fginther> * Short week for cloudy eclipse viewing

 15:05 <fginther> * Testing and debugging a fix for a partner issue

 15:05 <fginther> * Initial debug of another partner issue

 15:05 <fginther> * Continued library development to facilitate automated publication

 15:05 <fginther> done

 15:05 <slangasek> tdaitx: btw, why was #1711478 a FTBFS you were looking at?  numactl had never built on armhf, so this wasn't a regression

 15:05 <slangasek> doko:

 15:06 <doko> - binutils SRU and gcc-5 SRU done

 15:06 <doko> - reviewed openjdk-7 and openjdk-8 packages, uploaded

 15:06 <doko> - some MIR processing

 15:06 <doko> - binutils split reviewed, introducing binutils-for-host and binutils-for-build

 15:06 <doko> - handling some IBM bug reports and uploads

 15:06 <doko> (done)

 15:06 <xnox> * s390-tools new upstream release

 15:06 <xnox> * criu new upstream release (via probbing debian)

 15:06 <xnox> * submitted patches for all default container packages to remove upstart jobs

 15:06 <xnox> * fixing ifupdown removal fallout (still looking into openssh + networkd)

 15:06 <xnox> * retrying migrations / troubleshooting migrations

 15:06 <xnox> * s390 bug scrub with hws (frank is out)

 15:06 <xnox> * ✈️ milan tomorrow, back at work on tuesday

 15:06 <tdaitx> slangasek, hmm, there was a open bug on debian about it with a suggestion for a 'fix'

 15:07 <tdaitx> slangasek, and, yeah, I didn't realized that it was _not_ a regression

 15:07 <slangasek> tdaitx: right - how did you pick this ftbfs to work on? was this via qa.ubuntuwire.org?

 15:07 <tdaitx> slangasek, exactly

 15:07 <slangasek> * short week, off for eclipsemas

 15:07 <slangasek> * working on minimizing images for hyperv

 15:07 <slangasek> * kernel SRU reviews

 15:07 <slangasek> * working through the Qt5.9 transition, hopefully landing this week (FF)

 15:07 <slangasek> (done)

 15:08 <slangasek> tdaitx: ok.  would be good if we had clearer reporting :/

 15:08 <slangasek> Odd_Bloke is off

 15:08 <slangasek> sil2100 is off

 15:08 <slangasek> Tribaal:

 15:08 <Tribaal> * Fixed ubuntu-standalone-builder some (still some work to be done to be fully working again)

 15:08 <Tribaal> * Vagrant image. Last tests under way for artful changes.

 15:08 <Tribaal> * Vanguard stuff for the build system

 15:08 <Tribaal> * Started looking at ubuntu-image to hopefully help on the work there next week.

 15:08 <Tribaal> * Just got an iFixit toolbox. I'm super excited but it has nothing to do with work.

 15:08 <Tribaal> ✔ done

 15:08 <slangasek> tdaitx: (the fact that the report doesn't show which ones are regressions)

 15:08 <slangasek> infinity not here

 15:08 <slangasek> cydizen:

 15:09 <slangasek> heh

 15:09 <slangasek> cyphermox:

 15:09 <cyphermox> artful:

 15:09 <cyphermox> - debugging grub2 chainloading issues

 15:09 <cyphermox> - finished merging ubiquity-slideshow changes from Kubuntu

 15:09 <cyphermox> - more console-setup small fixes / debugging wayland fails

 15:09 <cyphermox> - netplan 0.26 release cutting/autopkgtests/last minute fixes

 15:09 <cyphermox> - upload console-setup merge for 1.166

 15:09 <cyphermox> xenial:

 15:09 <cyphermox> - custom secure boot-enabled images testing

 15:09 <cyphermox> (done)

 15:09 <slangasek> and philroche

 15:09 <philroche> - Short week for me last week

 15:09 <philroche> - Cloud images automated promotion work

 15:09 <philroche> - Cloud partner meetings and meeting prep

 15:10 <philroche> (done)

 15:10 <cyphermox> [HIGHLIGHT] netplan 0.26 release.

 15:11 <slangasek> any questions over status?

 15:11 <bdmurray> [HIGHLIGHT] apport gathering of python version information LP: #1681528

 15:11 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1681528 in apport (Ubuntu Artful) "Include information about python versions" [High,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1681528

 15:11 <bdmurray> Python3Details: /usr/bin/python3.6, Python 3.6.2, python3-minimal, 3.6.1-0ubuntu3

 15:11 <bdmurray> An example -^

 15:12 <slangasek> \o/

 15:12 <slangasek> [TOPIC] Incoming bugs

 15:13 <slangasek> [LINK] http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-aa-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 15:13 <bdmurray> Nothing new there

 15:13 <slangasek> I believe I saw 1574670 on the trello

 15:13 <slangasek> does that mean we should take it off incoming?

 15:14 <bdmurray> Based off the last meeting I thought we committed to it so yeah.

 15:15 <slangasek> ack

 15:16 <slangasek> [LINK] http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-aa-tracking-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 15:16 <bdmurray> I found this on the rls-aa-tracking in the unknown section

 15:16 <bdmurray> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/python-argcomplete/+bug/1665314

 15:16 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1665314 in python-argcomplete (Ubuntu Artful) "package python-argcomplete (not installed) failed to install/upgrade: trying to overwrite '/usr/bin/python-argcomplete-tcsh', which is also in package python3-argcomplete 1.7.0-0.1ubuntu1" [Medium,Confirmed]

 15:16 <slangasek> [LINK] http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-aa-tracking-bug-tasks.html#unknown

 15:16 <slangasek> [LINK] https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/python-argcomplete/+bug/1665314

 15:17 <slangasek> universe package?

 15:17 <slangasek> does it appear to be high impact?

 15:17 <bdmurray> 27 people affected

 15:17 <bdmurray> and 5 duplicates

 15:17 <bdmurray> so a bit yeah

 15:18 <slangasek> looks like mwhudson is til on python-argcomplete

 15:18 <slangasek> maybe he wants to volunteer :)

 15:18 <slangasek> (I'll subscribe him to the bug)

 15:18 <bdmurray> okay

 15:18 <bdmurray> Then there's also https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/debian-archive-keyring/+bug/1685305

 15:18 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1685305 in debian-archive-keyring (Ubuntu Artful) "Debian keys should not be trusted by default" [Undecided,New]

 15:21 <slangasek> not a priority IMHO because that package isn't installed by default

 15:21 <xnox> yeah

 15:21 <xnox> me

 15:21 <xnox> ... there is a card about it! =)

 15:21 <xnox> probably me

 15:21 <xnox> again

 15:21 <bdmurray> Is that a package to which we should be subscribed?

 15:21 <slangasek> no

 15:22 <slangasek> [TOPIC] AOB

 15:22 <slangasek> anything else?

 15:22 <cyphermox> yeah

 15:23 <bdmurray> I'll be out next Wednesday travelling again.

 15:23 <cyphermox> console-setup is waiting in proposed, britney needs to ignore the missing console-setup-freebsd; sorry

 15:23 <cyphermox> unless somebody did that a minute ago already?

 15:23 <slangasek> cyphermox: no, what needs to happen is an AA needs to delete the stale binary from -proposed

 15:24 <slangasek> (NBS processing)

 15:24 <cyphermox> well, that, then

 15:24 <slangasek> (done)

 15:24 <cyphermox> ta

 15:24 <slangasek> but why did some AA approve that through NEW ;)

 15:24 <tdaitx> slangasek, about numactl, should I close the bug report then?

 15:25 <slangasek> tdaitx: I think we shouldn't carry an Ubuntu delta to enable numactl on armhf, fwiw

 15:25 <tdaitx> ok, I provided the debdiff in the debian bug as well, so hopefully they might decide to carry it

 15:25 * slangasek nods

 15:26 <slangasek> going once...

 15:26 <slangasek> going twice...

 15:26 <slangasek> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)