== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting: ubuntu-server-team, 03 Oct at 16:00 &mdash; 16:14 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2017/ubuntu-meeting.2017-10-03-16.00.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Review ACTION points from the previous meeting ===
The discussion about "Review ACTION points from the previous meeting" started at 16:00.


=== Artful Development ===
The discussion about "Artful Development" started at 16:02.

  * ''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ArtfulAardvark/ReleaseSchedule 
 * '''Current Work''' (16:02)
  * ''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ArtfulAardvark/ReleaseNotes 
  * Final beta out, kernel freeze this week, final freeze, next week
  * ''LINK:'' https://trello.com/b/U9HhWyT0/daily-ubuntu-server 
 * '''Release Bugs''' (16:03)
  * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-aa-tracking-bug-tasks.html#ubuntu-server 

=== Server & Cloud Bugs & SRU/Pending Uploads (slashd, ddstreet) ===
The discussion about "Server & Cloud Bugs & SRU/Pending Uploads (slashd, ddstreet)" started at 16:06.

  * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-z-tracking-bug-tasks.html#ubuntu-server 
  * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-x-tracking-bug-tasks.html#ubuntu-server 
  * ''LINK:'' http://pastebin.ubuntu.com/25667515/ 
  * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-t-tracking-bug-tasks.html#ubuntu-server 
  * SRU pending for : python-neutronclient, percona-xtradb-cluster-5.6 percona-xtradb-cluster-5.5, systemd
  * http://pastebin.ubuntu.com/25667515/

=== Weekly Updates & Questions for the QA Team (powersj) ===
The discussion about "Weekly Updates & Questions for the QA Team (powersj)" started at 16:07.

  * ''LINK:'' https://jenkins.ubuntu.com/server/ 
  * ''LINK:'' https://powersj.github.io/ubuntu/2017/10/02/ubuntu-rally-nyc.html 

=== Weekly Updates & Questions for the Kernel Team (smb, sforshee) ===
The discussion about "Weekly Updates & Questions for the Kernel Team (smb, sforshee)" started at 16:08.

  * no update this week

=== Upcoming Call For Papers ===
The discussion about "Upcoming Call For Papers" started at 16:09.

  * ''LINK:'' https://lwn.net/Calendar/Monthly/cfp/ 

=== Ubuntu Server Team Events ===
The discussion about "Ubuntu Server Team Events" started at 16:10.


=== askubuntu.com questions (teward) - Better communication with community. ===
The discussion about "askubuntu.com questions (teward) - Better communication with community." started at 16:10.

  * no update

=== Open Discussion ===
The discussion about "Open Discussion" started at 16:11.

  * lots of git-ubuntu updates this past week
  * https://community.ubuntu.com/

=== Announce next meeting date, time and chair ===
The discussion about "Announce next meeting date, time and chair" started at 16:13.

  * Next meeting Tuesday, 2017-10-10 at 1600 UTC, chair will be nacc (powersj backup)



== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * powersj (65)
 * nacc (7)
 * smoser (7)
 * blackboxsw (6)
 * slashd (6)
 * meetingology (3)
 * dpb1 (3)
 * rharper (1)



== Full Log ==


 16:00 <powersj> #startmeeting ubuntu-server-team

 16:00 <meetingology> Meeting started Tue Oct  3 16:00:00 2017 UTC.  The chair is powersj. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:00 <meetingology> 

 16:00 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 16:00 <powersj> #topic Review ACTION points from the previous meeting

 16:00 <powersj> * nacc to write a release notes entry on ipv6 netboot (carried over)

 16:00 <powersj> * nacc to write a server guide entry on ipv6 netboot (carried over)

 16:00 <powersj> * nacc to consider http2 info in artful release notes (carried over)

 16:00 <powersj> ^^ any update nacc?

 16:00 <powersj> * smoser to add a cloud init (and if there is something curtin) release notes entry for artful (carried over)

 16:00 <powersj> ^^ any update smoser?

 16:01 <smoser> o/

 16:01 <rharper> o/

 16:01 <blackboxsw> \o

 16:01 <smoser> well, i didnt do anything so carry over i guess.

 16:01 <smoser> :-(

 16:01 <nacc> powersj: carry

 16:02 <powersj> ok moving on

 16:02 <powersj> #topic Artful Development

 16:02 <powersj> #link https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ArtfulAardvark/ReleaseSchedule

 16:02 <powersj> #subtopic Current Work

 16:02 <powersj> We had final beta last week

 16:02 <powersj> Looks like kernel freeze this week

 16:02 <smoser> fyi, for release notes

 16:02 <smoser> #link https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ArtfulAardvark/ReleaseNotes

 16:02 <dpb1> we have something for release notes started, FWIW

 16:03 <powersj> #info Final beta out, kernel freeze this week, final freeze, next week

 16:03 <dpb1> but, it's not done, so carry-over seems fine

 16:03 <powersj> #link https://trello.com/b/U9HhWyT0/daily-ubuntu-server

 16:03 <powersj> #subtopic Release Bugs

 16:03 <powersj> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-aa-tracking-bug-tasks.html#ubuntu-server

 16:03 <powersj> list looks pretty good

 16:04 <powersj> 2x cloud-init bugs, smoser will those get fixed in upload?

 16:05 <smoser> powersj, well, the fstab one... that one is not fixed in upstream

 16:05 <smoser> we had to revert the fix. i just set the state right.

 16:05 <blackboxsw> #1691489 has been reverted

 16:05 <blackboxsw> sorry late

 16:06 <powersj> ok

 16:06 <powersj> moving on then

 16:06 <powersj> #topic Server & Cloud Bugs & SRU/Pending Uploads (slashd, ddstreet)

 16:06 <powersj> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-z-tracking-bug-tasks.html#ubuntu-server

 16:06 <powersj> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-x-tracking-bug-tasks.html#ubuntu-server

 16:06 <slashd> http://pastebin.ubuntu.com/25667515/

 16:06 <powersj> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-t-tracking-bug-tasks.html#ubuntu-server

 16:06 <slashd> - An interesting one, affecting the snaps installation (such as livepatch) on Trusty if /var/ is on its own partition (systemd related).

 16:06 <slashd> - The percona change need to be pushed in artful first, and rbasak did the first sponsoring, so I'll ask him when he get back to do a 2nd round of review.

 16:06 <slashd> - python-neutronclient doesn't do bash completion, SRU almost completed. I'll ask SRU team to release to -update this week.

 16:06 <slashd> Everything is under control for now.

 16:06 <powersj> #info SRU pending for : python-neutronclient, percona-xtradb-cluster-5.6 percona-xtradb-cluster-5.5, systemd

 16:06 <powersj> slashd: thanks! appreciate the pastebin too

 16:07 <powersj> #info http://pastebin.ubuntu.com/25667515/

 16:07 <slashd> powersj, yw

 16:07 <powersj> also at the Rally we talked about getting through some older bugs on trusty

 16:07 <powersj> and xenial

 16:07 <powersj> try to get that list down

 16:07 <powersj> #topic Weekly Updates & Questions for the QA Team (powersj)

 16:07 <powersj> #link https://jenkins.ubuntu.com/server/

 16:07 <powersj> Last week I was at the Ubuntu Rally. Met with lots of the other folks to discuss QA of Ubuntu server.

 16:07 <powersj> #link https://powersj.github.io/ubuntu/2017/10/02/ubuntu-rally-nyc.html

 16:08 <powersj> This week I am working on some minor fixes/enhancements to the cloud-init integration tests agreed to at the Rally.

 16:08 <powersj> ISOs are green across the board as well.

 16:08 <powersj> questions for me?

 16:08 <powersj> #topic Weekly Updates & Questions for the Kernel Team (smb, sforshee)

 16:08 <blackboxsw> powersj: probably worth a shout out of your blog

 16:08 <powersj> sforshee: any update? I don't see smb

 16:09 <powersj> blackboxsw: I put a link above ;)

 16:09 <blackboxsw> heh probably worth two shout outs :)

 16:09 <powersj> haha

 16:09 <powersj> #info no update this week

 16:09 <powersj> #topic Upcoming Call For Papers

 16:09 <blackboxsw> missed it because I hilighted on the line below

 16:09 <powersj> #link https://lwn.net/Calendar/Monthly/cfp/

 16:10 <powersj> I don't see anything big

 16:10 <powersj> but I am considering https://www.linuxfestnorthwest.org/2018

 16:10 <powersj> since it is near by

 16:10 <powersj> #topic Ubuntu Server Team Events

 16:10 <powersj> no upcoming events that I am aware of

 16:10 <powersj> #topic askubuntu.com questions (teward) - Better communication with community.

 16:10 <powersj> teward: any update?

 16:11 <powersj> going once.... twice....

 16:11 <powersj> #info no update

 16:11 <powersj> #topic Open Discussion

 16:11 <powersj> Anyone have anything?

 16:11 <nacc> lots of git-ubuntu updates to the snap in the last week

 16:11 <nacc> mostly just to get it working

 16:12 <powersj> #info lots of git-ubuntu updates this past week

 16:12 <powersj> \o/

 16:12 <nacc> please test it! esp. the build in a LXD bits

 16:12 <dpb1> nacc: man git-ubuntu ?

 16:12 <nacc> dpb1: should work (per the adjustment needed in the announcement email)

 16:12 <nacc> the manpages should be complete in edge today

 16:13 <nacc> (hopefully)

 16:13 <powersj> #info https://community.ubuntu.com/

 16:13 <powersj> Anything else?

 16:13 <powersj> #topic Announce next meeting date, time and chair

 16:13 <powersj> #info Next meeting Tuesday, 2017-10-10 at 1600 UTC, chair will be nacc (powersj backup)

 16:13 <powersj> Thanks folks!

 16:14 <powersj> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)