== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting: foundations, 27 Apr at 15:13 &mdash; 15:31 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2017/ubuntu-meeting.2017-04-27-15.13.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

 * '''AOB''' (15:21)
=== AOB ===
The discussion about "AOB" started at 15:22.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * cyphermox (41)
 * bdmurray (24)
 * rbalint (23)
 * sil2100 (18)
 * tdaitx (15)
 * infinity (12)
 * xnox (10)
 * ubottu (9)
 * meetingology (3)
 * gaughen (2)
 * nacc (1)
 * caribou (1)



== Full Log ==


 15:13 <cyphermox> #startmeeting foundations

 15:13 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Apr 27 15:13:25 2017 UTC.  The chair is cyphermox. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 15:13 <meetingology> 

 15:13 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 15:13 <bdmurray> hooray for cyphermox

 15:13 <cyphermox> echo $(shuf -e barry doko bdmurray slangasek caribou infinity sil2100 robru cyphermox tdaitx xnox chiluk mwhudson rbalint)

 15:14 <cyphermox> robru caribou sil2100 bdmurray rbalint tdaitx infinity chiluk barry slangasek doko mwhudson xnox cyphermox

 15:14 <cyphermox> maybe this list is out of date.

 15:14 <sil2100> Yeah

 15:14 <bdmurray> :-(

 15:14 <cyphermox> :(

 15:14 <tdaitx> damn =(

 15:14 <cyphermox> sil2100: you go

 15:14 <sil2100> Need to find my list

 15:14 <caribou> yeah, just dropped by to say hi :)

 15:14 <sil2100> caribou: hey ;)

 15:14 <sil2100> - Bileto:

 15:14 <sil2100> * Forced clearing the lru_cache for Bileto to enable artful

 15:14 <sil2100> * Looked into missing GPG key errors, filled RT, helped resolve with webops

 15:14 <sil2100> - ubuntu-image:

 15:14 <sil2100> * Helping out in debugging broken github PR test result reporting, filled RT

 15:14 <sil2100> * Filled RT for upload rights for snap

 15:14 <sil2100> * Prepared existing branches for merging

 15:15 <sil2100> * Started work on the hook mechanism - planning and experimental phase

 15:15 <sil2100> - Kernel SRUs

 15:15 <cyphermox> hey caribou!

 15:15 <sil2100> - Regular SRU reviews

 15:15 <sil2100> - Cleanup on uvp-monitor test packages, reading up on xenstore - first builds

 15:15 <sil2100> - DMB meeting

 15:15 <sil2100> - walinuxagent published to -proposed, waiting for SRU validation

 15:15 <sil2100> (done)

 15:15 <bdmurray> Wrote up test case for LP: #1676547

 15:15 <bdmurray> Foundations infrastructure meeting

 15:15 <bdmurray> Discussed an approach to get Package info on ubuntu core

 15:15 <bdmurray> Started work on having Package written client side

 15:15 <bdmurray> Modified snapport to have apport.cli command not apport.apport-cli

 15:15 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1676547 in network-manager (Ubuntu) "No network connectivity after upgrade from 16.04 to 16.10" [Critical,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1676547

 15:15 <bdmurray> Updated StableReleaseUpdates wiki page re: dev release being closed

 15:15 <bdmurray> added artful to errors, daisy code

 15:15 <bdmurray> added artful to lp-retracer-config, updated osageorange

 15:15 <bdmurray> updated u-r-u for artful, uploaded it

 15:15 <bdmurray> updated meta-release-development for artful, updated server

 15:15 <bdmurray> reported / investigated u-r-u bug LP: #1686117

 15:15 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1686117 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu) "upgrade from Zesty to Artful fails if done in text mode" [High,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1686117

 15:16 <bdmurray> added artful to the official bug tags

 15:16 <bdmurray> resolved issue with daisy not cleaning up core files (LP: #1686135)

 15:16 <bdmurray> submitted RT regarding updating daisy in staging w/ core file fix

 15:16 <bdmurray> tested update of daisy in staging, submitted RT for production

 15:16 <bdmurray> foundations bug triage

 15:16 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1686135 in Daisy "retracer.py doesn't clean up core files when choosing not to retrace some crashes" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1686135

 15:16 <bdmurray> irc discussion re LP: #1681231 and LP: #1676547 (using -security for upgrades)

 15:16 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1681231 in cracklib2 (Ubuntu Zesty) "package cracklib-runtime 2.9.2-3 failed to install/upgrade: dependency problems - leaving triggers unprocessed" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1681231

 15:16 <bdmurray> investigation into LP: #1682934 re local python3 and upgrade failure

 15:16 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1682934 in python3-defaults (Ubuntu) "python3 in /usr/local/bin can cause python3 packages to fail to install" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1682934

 15:16 <bdmurray> âœ” done

 15:16 <rbalint> * Finished my core-dev application

 15:16 <rbalint> * Prepared unminimize script, under review:

 15:16 <rbalint> https://code.launchpad.net/~rbalint/livecd-rootfs/minimize-unminimize/+merge/323157

 15:16 <rbalint> * Started checking each package with delta in main and noticed that Ubuntu history

 15:16 <rbalint> is not available anymore in bzr: LP: #1686100

 15:16 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1686100 in Ubuntu Packaging Guide " bzr branch ubuntu:hello stopped working" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1686100

 15:16 <rbalint> * Packaging guide also lists gone lintian result server: LP: #1686096

 15:16 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1686096 in Ubuntu Packaging Guide " http://lintian.ubuntuwire.org is down" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1686096

 15:16 <rbalint> * grab-merge with also geting Debian's packaging repo/source with dgit works nicely for packages not in usd-importer yet

 15:16 <rbalint> * Sent Ubuntu deltas to Debian:

 15:16 <rbalint> main-menu #861237

 15:17 <rbalint> libdebian-installer #861241

 15:17 <rbalint> cdrom-detect #861300

 15:17 <rbalint> * Proposed fix for MoM to let people find the comment box to fill

 15:17 <rbalint> LP: #1686640

 15:17 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1686640 in Merge-o-Matic "Please make the comment textbox visible" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1686640

 15:17 <rbalint> * I would like to go through the page and provide Debian bug numbers for the forwarded delta or an explanation for not forwarding all of it

 15:17 <rbalint> eof

 15:17 <tdaitx> Short week: holiday on Friday

 15:17 <tdaitx> = JCK

 15:17 <tdaitx> * Waiting on 8u131

 15:17 <tdaitx> = OpenJDK

 15:17 <tdaitx> * No more test regressions

 15:17 <tdaitx> * Preparing package for the security team

 15:17 <tdaitx> * Backporting patches to OpenJDK 7

 15:17 <tdaitx> = Other

 15:17 <tdaitx> * National strike on Friday, I will be working

 15:17 <tdaitx> * Yet another holiday on Monday, I might decide to swap it

 15:17 <tdaitx> (done)

 15:18 <infinity> * Archive opening for Artful:

 15:18 <infinity> - toolchain mangling

 15:18 <infinity> - dpkg/debhelper merges

 15:18 <infinity> - open archive

 15:18 <infinity> - update cdimage, debian-cd, snakefruit, etc for artful

 15:18 <infinity> - update d-i

 15:18 <infinity> - enable image builds

 15:18 <infinity> * snakefruit and nusakan upgrades to xenial

 15:18 <infinity> * investigate LP: #1682934

 15:18 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1682934 in python3-defaults (Ubuntu) "python3 in /usr/local/bin can cause python3 packages to fail to install" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1682934

 15:18 <infinity> * Misc SRU/AA bits

 15:18 <infinity> * On vacation all next week \o/

 15:18 <infinity> (done)

 15:19 <gaughen> o/

 15:19 <sil2100> \o

 15:19 <tdaitx> o/

 15:20 <xnox> is it me?

 15:20 <tdaitx> yeah

 15:20 <cyphermox> doko isn't here?

 15:20 <gaughen> only you know if it is you, xnox

 15:20 <cyphermox> oh yeah

 15:20 <xnox> cloud images for onmetal fun

 15:20 <xnox> apt timers bug fun

 15:20 <xnox> wsl fun

 15:20 <xnox> upstart removal fun

 15:20 <xnox> open-vm-tools sru fun

 15:20 <xnox> systemd artful & sru fun

 15:20 <xnox> ...

 15:20 <tdaitx> oh, fun status, yay!

 15:20 <cyphermox> MIR:

 15:20 <cyphermox> - review gjs and mozjs38 (both for GNOME Shell)

 15:20 <cyphermox> netplan:

 15:20 <cyphermox> - merging and testing rharper's MTU work

 15:20 <cyphermox> grub2:

 15:20 <cyphermox> - reworking fbx64.efi's installation process / location

 15:20 <cyphermox> - handle upgrade / moving fbx64.efi

 15:21 <cyphermox> - install to /EFI/BOOT too (reworking a patch from Debian)

 15:21 <cyphermox> - ship BOOTX64.CSV (fallback instructions) to rebuild BootOrder.

 15:21 <cyphermox> d-i:

 15:21 <cyphermox> - starting d-i merges: installation-report, tzsetup.

 15:21 <cyphermox> - coordinating merges with rbalint.

 15:21 <cyphermox> shim / fwupdate:

 15:21 <cyphermox> - some discussion about signtool.exe being broken (would break new shim signatures from MS)

 15:21 <cyphermox> - coordinating fwupdate updates to Yakkety and Xenial.

 15:21 <cyphermox> (done)

 15:21 <cyphermox> that's it for the lightning rounds subtopic I forgot to start.

 15:21 <cyphermox> #subtopic AOB

 15:21 <cyphermox> err

 15:22 <cyphermox> any AOB anyway?

 15:22 <rbalint> sorry, what is AOB?

 15:22 <cyphermox> [TOPIC] AOB

 15:22 <cyphermox> any other business?

 15:23 <cyphermox> other random stuff we need to talk about

 15:23 <rbalint> oh, I would like to ask how we should coordinate visiting all the packages with delta

 15:23 <rbalint> i would happily go through each of them

 15:23 <cyphermox> what do you mean by how to coordinate?

 15:24 <rbalint> should I ping the last uploader before i check each package?

 15:24 <bdmurray> rbalint: There's an easy u-r-u bug if you want to have a look.

 15:24 <rbalint> bdmurray: ok, i'll check that too, but looking forward

 15:25 <cyphermox> my understanding was that one should ping the last uploader listed on merges.u.c and make sure before claiming a merge

 15:26 <nacc> [lurking, not on foundations, but what cyphermox said was what i was told as well]

 15:26 <cyphermox> partly because some may *look* easy, but aren't, and missing some bit in a merge because it looks like it's not needed can break things.

 15:28 <rbalint> ok, then probably i'll ping owners of a block of 20 packages then i'll process them next day as i get green light

 15:28 <rbalint> if that's ok

 15:29 <bdmurray> Can I stop reviewing Precise SRUs?

 15:29 <xnox> no

 15:29 <xnox> lol =)

 15:29 <cyphermox> rbalint: I think I can already give you green light for any d-i package I was the last to touch; but don't hesitate to ask questions if something isn't obvious

 15:29 <cyphermox> anything else?

 15:30 <rbalint> cyphermox: thanks

 15:30 <bdmurray> cyphermox: Is that X to Y upgrade verified?

 15:30 <cyphermox> bdmurray: yes.

 15:31 <cyphermox> I'll go update the bug

 15:31 <cyphermox> that's all for the meeting I guess

 15:31 <cyphermox> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)