== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 19 Jun at 16:30 &mdash; 16:45 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2017/ubuntu-meeting.2017-06-19-16.30.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting 
=== Weekly stand-up report ===
The discussion about "Weekly stand-up report" started at 16:31.


=== Highlighted packages ===
The discussion about "Highlighted packages" started at 16:43.

  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/gradle.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/python-tablib.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/batmand.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/nagvis.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/k4dirstat.html 

=== Miscellaneous and Questions ===
The discussion about "Miscellaneous and Questions" started at 16:43.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * tyhicks (30)
 * jdstrand (12)
 * jjohansen (8)
 * mdeslaur (7)
 * leosilva (5)
 * chrisccoulson_ (4)
 * ratliff (4)
 * meetingology (3)



== Full Log ==


 16:30 <tyhicks> #startmeeting

 16:30 <meetingology> Meeting started Mon Jun 19 16:30:45 2017 UTC.  The chair is tyhicks. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:30 <meetingology> 

 16:30 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 16:30 <mdeslaur> \o

 16:30 <tyhicks> The meeting agenda can be found at:

 16:30 <tyhicks> [LINK] https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting

 16:31 <tyhicks> [TOPIC] Weekly stand-up report

 16:31 <tyhicks> jdstrand: you're up

 16:31 <jdstrand> hi!

 16:32 <jdstrand> in terms of what I planned to work on last week, I spent a lot of time on the bpf caching PR. I also did a lot of miscellaneous snappy PR and store reviews and I helped with an embargoed issue (unplanned)

 16:32 <jdstrand> the greengrass-support interface is now merged. Once I'm given a working devmode snap

 16:32 <jdstrand> I will test it in strict mode and make any necessary policy adjustments

 16:32 <jdstrand> this week I plan to:

 16:32 <jdstrand> - continue to be response to the racy profile generation fixes PRs (ie, bpf caching and system-key). The bpf caching PR is pretty close to merging and shouldn't take too much more of my time

 16:32 <jdstrand> - pickup the password-manager-service interface work

 16:32 <jdstrand> - work on the overlayfs/apparmor/snaps investigation by filing various bugs

 16:32 <jdstrand> - finish the snappy-debug work to work with journald as have time

 16:33 <jdstrand> - miscellaneous snappy policy updates as have time as have time

 16:33 <jdstrand> that's it from me

 16:33 <jdstrand> mdeslaur: you're up

 16:33 <mdeslaur> I'm in the happy place this week, and it's a short week for me, I'm off on friday

 16:33 <mdeslaur> I'm currently releasing glibc and exim4 updates

 16:33 <mdeslaur> I'm working on ruby updates too

 16:34 <mdeslaur> I have a bunch of stuff to test this week

 16:34 <mdeslaur> that's about it

 16:34 <mdeslaur> hrm, steve's not here...who's next?

 16:34 <tyhicks> me

 16:34 <tyhicks> I'm on bug triage this week

 16:34 <tyhicks> I'm currently working on evaluating fscrypt for home dir encryption

 16:35 <tyhicks> still need to finalize a final design aspect of the seccomp logging patches

 16:35 <tyhicks> book upcoming travel

 16:35 <tyhicks> I have a remaining ecryptfs kernel patch to review

 16:36 <tyhicks> I will also help leosilva with the update publishing process and possibly with bug triage duties

 16:36 <tyhicks> jjohansen: you're up

 16:36 <jjohansen> urk

 16:36 <jjohansen> so I am working on publishing some USNs

 16:36 <tyhicks> jjohansen: I know you're busy with other things so just a few quick words is fine

 16:37 <jjohansen> I have some LSS stuff to take care of working on the schedule, book hotel and flight

 16:37 <jjohansen> I have some more upstream review, and investigation to finish

 16:38 <jjohansen> I have the namespacing patch set to push out an RFC for

 16:38 <jjohansen> and I need to get working on the networking/unix socket patchset so I can get an RFC up for it soon, as its the going to be the largest and most picked at of the outstanding work

 16:38 <jjohansen> I think that is it for me

 16:39 <jjohansen> I don't see sarnold yet, so back to you tyhicks

 16:39 <tyhicks> chrisccoulson_: you're up

 16:39 <chrisccoulson_> I've got a thunderbird update to do this week

 16:40 <chrisccoulson_> I'll also be spending some time trying to figure out how maintainable spidermonkey is

 16:40 <chrisccoulson_> also an embargoed issue

 16:40 <chrisccoulson_> That's me done

 16:40 <ratliff> I'm in the happy place this week

 16:40 <ratliff> I will continue working through updates for UC15

 16:41 <ratliff> Any remaining time will be spent on technical content and reporting.

 16:41 <ratliff> leosilva: your turn

 16:41 <leosilva> I've finished testing a libnl3 update for 12.04 ESM and I'll be publishing it soon

 16:41 <leosilva> I'll pick up another security update

 16:41 <leosilva> I'm also planning to try to train on one of the generalist's rotational roles.

 16:42 <leosilva> it's for me

 16:42 <leosilva> tyhicks: it's back to you

 16:42 <tyhicks> thanks

 16:43 <tyhicks> I don't see sarnold so we'll move on

 16:43 <tyhicks> he's on CVE triage duty this week and is working on MIRs

 16:43 <tyhicks> [TOPIC] Highlighted packages

 16:43 <tyhicks> The Ubuntu Security team will highlight some community-supported packages that might be good candidates for updating and or triaging. If you would like to help Ubuntu and not sure where to start, this is a great way to do so.

 16:43 <tyhicks> See https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/UpdateProcedures for details and if you have any questions, feel free to ask in #ubuntu-security. To find out other ways of helping out, please see https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/GettingInvolved.

 16:43 <tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/gradle.html

 16:43 <tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/python-tablib.html

 16:43 <tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/batmand.html

 16:43 <tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/nagvis.html

 16:43 <tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/k4dirstat.html

 16:43 <tyhicks> [TOPIC] Miscellaneous and Questions

 16:43 <tyhicks> Does anyone have any other questions or items to discuss?

 16:45 <tyhicks> jdstrand, mdeslaur, jjohansen, sarnold, ChrisCoulson, ratliff, leosilva: Thanks!

 16:45 <tyhicks> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)