== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting: ubuntu-server-meeting, 28 Mar at 16:03 &mdash; 16:23 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2017/ubuntu-meeting.2017-03-28-16.03.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Review ACTION points from previous meeting ===
The discussion about "Review ACTION points from previous meeting" started at 16:03.

  * ''ACTION:'' rbasak, powersj, cpaelzer to draft mysql triage response page like nginx has (carried over)
  * ''ACTION:'' smoser to write a release notes entry on cloud-init (ds-identify)
  * ''ACTION:'' nacc to write a release notes entry on ipv6 netboot
  * ''ACTION:'' nacc to write a server guide entry on ipv6 netboot
  * ''ACTION:'' rharper to write a server guide entry on v2 yaml support in cloud-init
  * ''ACTION:'' rharper to write a release notes entry on v2 yaml support in cloud-init
  * ''LINK:'' https://blueprints.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+spec/servercloud-aa-server-core 

=== Development Release ===
The discussion about "Development Release" started at 16:09.

  * ''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ZestyZapus/ReleaseSchedule 
  * ''LINK:'' https://blueprints.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+spec/servercloud-z-server-core 
  * A week and a half to final freeze
  * Nothing further to discuss
 * '''Active work that may need wider communication''' (16:10)
  * Nothing that needs wider communication

=== Server & Cloud Bugs & SRU/Pending Uploads (caribou) ===
The discussion about "Server & Cloud Bugs & SRU/Pending Uploads (caribou)" started at 16:11.

  * SRUs from SEG: sssd, ebtables, ceph, nfs-utils, sosreport qemu, libvirt
  * SRUs are pending for sssd, ebtables, ceph, nfs-utils, sosreport, qemu and libvirt

=== Weekly Updates & Questions for the QA Team (powersj) ===
The discussion about "Weekly Updates & Questions for the QA Team (powersj)" started at 16:13.

  * Last week reported server zesty beta ISO results, all good. Got pylint config merged into cloud-init and participated in server team bug day with a few bugs.
  * This week powersj needs to finish some bug day merge requests, looking at rbasak's merge for daily bug triage, and reorganize some of the Jenkins jobs.

=== Upcoming Call For Papers ===
The discussion about "Upcoming Call For Papers" started at 16:14.

  * ''LINK:'' https://lwn.net/Calendar/Monthly/cfp/ 
  * No upcoming CfPs were mentioned.

=== Weekly Updates & Questions for the Kernel Team (smb, sforshee) ===
The discussion about "Weekly Updates & Questions for the Kernel Team (smb, sforshee)" started at 16:16.

  * Nothing to report.

=== Ubuntu Server Team Events ===
The discussion about "Ubuntu Server Team Events" started at 16:17.


=== Open Discussion ===
The discussion about "Open Discussion" started at 16:18.

  * nacc is going to have to help IS recreate old changelogs
  * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/postfix/+bug/1595096 
  * ''LINK:'' https://naccblog.wordpress.com/2017/03/24/usbsd-1-goals-inaugural-ubuntu-server-bug-squashing-day/ 
  * The Ubuntu Server Bug Squashing Day was successful; see https://naccblog.wordpress.com/2017/03/24/usbsd-1-goals-inaugural-ubuntu-server-bug-squashing-day/ for details.
  * We will have a sponsorship party tomorrow; please join if you are a contributor and need something sponsoring, or if you are a sponsor who can help. More details: https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-devel/2017-March/039714.html

=== Announce next meeting date, time and chair ===
The discussion about "Announce next meeting date, time and chair" started at 16:22.

  * The next meeting will be at Tue 4 Apr 16:00:00 UTC 2017. gaughen will chair.



== Vote results ==




== Action items, by person ==

 * cpaelzer
  * rbasak, powersj, cpaelzer to draft mysql triage response page like nginx has (carried over)
 * nacc
  * nacc to write a release notes entry on ipv6 netboot
  * nacc to write a server guide entry on ipv6 netboot
 * powersj
  * rbasak, powersj, cpaelzer to draft mysql triage response page like nginx has (carried over)
 * rbasak
  * rbasak, powersj, cpaelzer to draft mysql triage response page like nginx has (carried over)
 * rharper
  * rharper to write a server guide entry on v2 yaml support in cloud-init
  * rharper to write a release notes entry on v2 yaml support in cloud-init
 * smoser
  * smoser to write a release notes entry on cloud-init (ds-identify)



== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * rbasak (74)
 * jgrimm (28)
 * tinoco (13)
 * ubottu (11)
 * meetingology (11)
 * nacc (10)
 * cpaelzer (8)
 * gaughen (4)
 * rharper (4)
 * powersj (3)
 * smb (2)
 * smoser (1)



== Full Log ==


 16:03 <rbasak> #startmeeting ubuntu-server-meeting

 16:03 <meetingology> Meeting started Tue Mar 28 16:03:04 2017 UTC.  The chair is rbasak. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:03 <meetingology> 

 16:03 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 16:03 <jgrimm> rbasak: gaughen has conflict, will you take?

 16:03 <jgrimm> thanks

 16:03 <rbasak> #topic Review ACTION points from previous meeting

 16:03 <rbasak> "rbasak, powersj, cpaelzer to draft mysql triage response page like nginx has"

 16:03 <rbasak> Still pending

 16:03 <rbasak> #action rbasak, powersj, cpaelzer to draft mysql triage response page like nginx has (carried over)

 16:03 * meetingology rbasak, powersj, cpaelzer to draft mysql triage response page like nginx has (carried over)

 16:03 <rbasak> "everyone review 17.04 release notes"

 16:03 <rbasak> No further action I suppose.

 16:03 <rbasak> jgrimm create a aa-series blueprint

 16:03 <jgrimm> actually..

 16:04 <jgrimm> back to release notes... i'd like to see an entry on cloud-init (ds-identify)

 16:04 <rbasak> Would someone like an action on that?

 16:04 <jgrimm> and one on ipv6 netboot (and have an entry in the serverguide for setting tht up)

 16:04 <jgrimm> rbasak, smoser gets the cloud-init release notes action

 16:04 <gaughen> thank you rbasak!

 16:05 <rbasak> #action smoser to write a release notes entry on cloud-init (ds-identify)

 16:05 * meetingology smoser to write a release notes entry on cloud-init (ds-identify)

 16:05 <jgrimm> nacc, i was going to ask if you'd be able to take on server guide entry/release notes for ipv6 netboot?

 16:05 <rbasak> How about the ipv6 netboot one?

 16:05 <smoser> fudge

 16:06 <nacc> jgrimm: ack

 16:06 <rbasak> #action nacc to write a release notes entry on ipv6 netboot

 16:06 * meetingology nacc to write a release notes entry on ipv6 netboot

 16:06 <jgrimm> rbasak, and server guide entry too (separate action)

 16:07 <rbasak> #action nacc to write a server guide entry on ipv6 netboot

 16:07 * meetingology nacc to write a server guide entry on ipv6 netboot

 16:07 <cpaelzer> jgrimm: FYI on my last serverguide entry I was notified that there is no real release until next LTS

 16:07 <rharper> we should write one for v2 yaml support in cloud-init

 16:07 <rharper> I can do that

 16:07 <cpaelzer> there might be occasionally, but none to rely upon

 16:08 <rbasak> rharper: release note or server guide or both?

 16:08 <cpaelzer> release of updated server guide

 16:08 <rbasak> #action rharper to write a server guide entry on v2 yaml support in cloud-init

 16:08 * meetingology rharper to write a server guide entry on v2 yaml support in cloud-init

 16:08 <rbasak> #action rharper to write a release notes entry on v2 yaml support in cloud-init

 16:08 * meetingology rharper to write a release notes entry on v2 yaml support in cloud-init

 16:08 <nacc> right, and they are also retooling server guide, aiui

 16:08 <rbasak> Anything else on this topic?

 16:09 <rbasak> #topic Development Release

 16:09 <rbasak> #undo

 16:09 <meetingology> Removing item from minutes: TOPIC

 16:09 <rbasak> 17:03 <rbasak> jgrimm create a aa-series blueprint

 16:09 <jgrimm> https://blueprints.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+spec/servercloud-aa-server-core

 16:09 <jgrimm> done

 16:09 <rbasak> Great thanks :)

 16:09 <rbasak> #topic Development Release

 16:09 <jgrimm> feel free to populate!!!

 16:09 <rbasak> https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ZestyZapus/ReleaseSchedule

 16:10 <rbasak> https://blueprints.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+spec/servercloud-z-server-core

 16:10 <jgrimm> critical bug fixes. whee

 16:10 <rbasak> #info A week and a half to final freeze

 16:10 <rbasak> Anything to discuss?

 16:10 <rbasak> #info Nothing further to discuss

 16:10 <rbasak> #subtopic Active work that may need wider communication

 16:11 <rbasak> Anything that needs wider communication?

 16:11 <rbasak> #info Nothing that needs wider communication

 16:11 <rbasak> #topic Server & Cloud Bugs & SRU/Pending Uploads (caribou)

 16:11 <rbasak> caribou: o/

 16:11 <tinoco> rbasak: replacing him

 16:11 <tinoco> #info SRUs from SEG: sssd, ebtables, ceph, nfs-utils, sosreport qemu, libvirt

 16:11 <tinoco> Being:

 16:11 <tinoco> sssd (LP: #1566508) Committed/In Progress

 16:11 <tinoco> ebtables (LP: #1645324) In Progress

 16:11 <tinoco> ceph (LP: #1636322) In Progress

 16:11 <tinoco> nfs-utils (LP: #1590799) In Progress

 16:11 <tinoco> sosreport (LP: #1614052 and LP: #1605243) In Progress

 16:11 <tinoco> qemu (LP: #1657489) - In Progress

 16:11 <tinoco> libvirt (LP: #1317491) - Trusty, Committed, verified and waiting.

 16:11 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1566508 in sssd (Ubuntu Trusty) "autofs races with sssd on startup" [Medium,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1566508

 16:11 <rbasak> tinoco: o/ thanks!

 16:11 <tinoco> libvirt (LP: #1602057) - Xenial

 16:11 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1645324 in ebtables (Ubuntu Trusty) "ebtables: Lock file should be moved from /var/lib/ebtables to /run" [Medium,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1645324

 16:11 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1636322 in Ubuntu Cloud Archive mitaka "[SRU] upstart: ceph-all service starts before networks up" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1636322

 16:11 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1590799 in nfs-utils (Ubuntu Yakkety) "nfs-kernel-server does not start because of dependency failure" [Medium,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1590799

 16:11 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1614052 in sosreport (Ubuntu Yakkety) "SOSREPORT need to collect OPAL msglog" [Medium,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1614052

 16:11 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1605243 in sosreport (Ubuntu Yakkety) "iscsi initiator related configs and logs are not recorded" [Medium,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1605243

 16:11 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1657489 in qemu (Ubuntu Trusty) "qemu-xen: free all the pirqs for msi/msix when driver unload" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1657489

 16:11 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1317491 in libvirt (Ubuntu Trusty) "virsh blockcommit hangs at 100%" [Medium,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1317491

 16:11 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1602057 in Ubuntu Cloud Archive mitaka "(libvirt) KeyError updating resources for some node, guest.uuid is not in BDM list" [Medium,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1602057

 16:11 <tinoco> From us

 16:12 <rbasak> #info SRUs are pending for sssd, ebtables, ceph, nfs-utils, sosreport, qemu and libvirt

 16:12 <rbasak> Thanks!

 16:12 <rbasak> Any questions for tinoco?

 16:12 <jgrimm> looking

 16:12 <jgrimm> rbasak, all good. thanks tinoco

 16:12 <tinoco> o/

 16:13 <rbasak> #topic Weekly Updates & Questions for the QA Team (powersj)

 16:13 <rbasak> powersj: o/

 16:13 <powersj> Last week reported server zesty beta ISO results, all good. Got pylint config merged into cloud-init and participated in server team bug day with a few bugs.

 16:13 <powersj> This week I need to finish some bug day merge requests, looking at rbasak's merge for daily bug triage, and reorganize some of the Jenkins jobs.

 16:13 <powersj> questions?

 16:13 <rbasak> #info Last week reported server zesty beta ISO results, all good. Got pylint config merged into cloud-init and participated in server team bug day with a few bugs.

 16:13 <rbasak> #info This week powersj needs to finish some bug day merge requests, looking at rbasak's merge for daily bug triage, and reorganize some of the Jenkins jobs.

 16:14 <rbasak> Thanks powersj!

 16:14 <rbasak> #topic Weekly Updates & Questions for the Kernel Team (smb, sforshee)

 16:14 <rbasak> Looks like neither smb nor sforshee are here.

 16:14 <jgrimm> no love

 16:14 <rbasak> I've pinged them. Let's go back if needed.

 16:14 <rbasak> #undo

 16:14 <meetingology> Removing item from minutes: TOPIC

 16:14 <rbasak> #topic Upcoming Call For Papers

 16:14 <rbasak> Any CfPs?

 16:15 <rbasak> https://lwn.net/Calendar/Monthly/cfp/

 16:15 <jgrimm> linuxfest nw? nacc interest?

 16:15 <jgrimm> your neck of the woods at least

 16:16 <jgrimm> oh, that's march 1st not april

 16:16 <jgrimm> nvm. doh

 16:16 <nacc> jgrimm: yeah it already hapened, iirc

 16:16 <smb> Sorry I am here now but had nothing to report anyway.

 16:16 * jgrimm moves calendar forward

 16:16 <rbasak> #info No upcoming CfPs were mentioned.

 16:16 <rbasak> #topic Weekly Updates & Questions for the Kernel Team (smb, sforshee)

 16:16 <jgrimm> nada

 16:16 <rbasak> Thanks smb. Any questions for smb?

 16:17 <smb> Actually one thing, that kernel-team is sprinting next week, so I will likely forget about this meeting again

 16:17 <rbasak> #info Nothing to report.

 16:17 <rbasak> Thanks smb!

 16:17 <rbasak> #topic Ubuntu Server Team Events

 16:17 <rbasak> Any upcoming events worth mentioning?

 16:17 <jgrimm> nope

 16:17 <rharper> I'll be in attendance here: #link https://austin.serverlessconf.io/

 16:18 <rharper> kirkland asked me to tag along there;  server team going to a serverless conf  =)

 16:18 <rbasak> Thanks rharper!

 16:18 <jgrimm> ah, cool

 16:18 <rbasak> #topic Open Discussion

 16:18 <rbasak> AOB?

 16:18 * nacc is going to have to help IS recreate old changelogs ... :)

 16:18 <jgrimm> sponsorship volunteer?

 16:18 <nacc> bdmurray: --^ fyi :)

 16:18 <rbasak> #info nacc is going to have to help IS recreate old changelogs

 16:18 <jgrimm> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/postfix/+bug/1595096

 16:18 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1595096 in postfix (Ubuntu Xenial) "cannot create multi postfix instance by postmulti command" [Medium,In progress]

 16:19 <rbasak> Perhaps we should mention the bug squashing and sponsorship parties too.

 16:19 <jgrimm> wrt seeking sponsorship ^^ postfix bug

 16:19 <jgrimm> rbasak, +1

 16:20 <rbasak> jgrimm: hopefully we'll be able to sponsor that tomorrow :)

 16:20 <cpaelzer> Also worth to mention the Ubunut Server Bug Squashing Day

 16:20 <jgrimm> rbasak, thanks sir

 16:20 <cpaelzer> it was successful

 16:20 <cpaelzer> we are to write more to the mail thread we have

 16:20 <nacc> we will plan on one in another week, iirc

 16:20 <cpaelzer> and it seems we will make this a regular occasion

 16:20 <nacc> i blogged about it :)

 16:20 <rbasak> Sponsorship party announcement: https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/postfix/+bug/1595096

 16:20 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1595096 in postfix (Ubuntu Xenial) "cannot create multi postfix instance by postmulti command" [Medium,In progress]

 16:20 <rbasak> nacc: link to blog?

 16:20 <cpaelzer> pls link

 16:20 <rbasak> Sponsorship party announcement: https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-devel/2017-March/039714.html

 16:20 <nacc> https://naccblog.wordpress.com/2017/03/24/usbsd-1-goals-inaugural-ubuntu-server-bug-squashing-day/

 16:20 <nacc> sorry was finding it

 16:21 <rbasak> Thanks!

 16:21 <nacc> it also was on planetubuntu

 16:21 <rbasak> #info The Ubuntu Server Bug Squashing Day was successful; see https://naccblog.wordpress.com/2017/03/24/usbsd-1-goals-inaugural-ubuntu-server-bug-squashing-day/ for details.

 16:21 <rbasak> #info We will have a sponsorship party tomorrow; please join if you are a contributor and need something sponsoring, or if you are a sponsor who can help. More details: https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-devel/2017-March/039714.html

 16:21 <rbasak> That's everything for AOB I think?

 16:22 <rbasak> #topic Announce next meeting date, time and chair

 16:22 <rbasak> gaughen: will you be available next week please?

 16:22 <gaughen> rbasak, yes!

 16:22 <rbasak> Thank you!

 16:22 <gaughen> although I'll want a calendar invite

 16:22 * gaughen looks at smoser

 16:23 <rbasak> #info The next meeting will be at Tue 4 Apr 16:00:00 UTC 2017. gaughen will chair.

 16:23 <rbasak> Thanks all!

 16:23 <rbasak> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)