== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting: DMB, 11 Sep at 19:08 &mdash; 20:25 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2017/ubuntu-meeting.2017-09-11-19.08.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Review of previous action items ===
The discussion about "Review of previous action items" started at 19:08.


=== SRU Developer applications ===
The discussion about "SRU Developer applications" started at 19:09.

 * '''Dan Streetman''' (19:10)
  * ''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ddstreet/UbuntuSRUDeveloperApplication <- application link

=== PPU Applications ===
The discussion about "PPU Applications" started at 19:38.

 * '''David Mohammed (fossfreedom)''' (19:38)
  * ''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/fossfreedom/UbuntuBudgieDevApplication <- application
  * ''Vote:'' Grant ddstreet SRU Developer (Denied)
  * ''Vote:'' Grant fossfreedom PPU permissions for the listed package set (Carried)
  * ''ACTION:'' bdmurray to handle the PPU role for fossfreedom

=== AOB ===
The discussion about "AOB" started at 20:14.

  * ''Vote:'' Vote to acknowledge the results of the election (Carried)
  * ''ACTION:'' bdmurray to contact TB regarding the election
  * ''ACTION:'' sil2100 to send out the results announcement after the TB decision is known



== Vote results ==

 * [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2017/ubuntu-meeting.2017-09-11-19.08.log.html#67 Grant ddstreet SRU Developer]]
  * Motion denied (For/Against/Abstained 0/1/2)
   *  Voters bdmurray, micahg, sil2100
 * [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2017/ubuntu-meeting.2017-09-11-19.08.log.html#142 Grant fossfreedom PPU permissions for the listed package set]]
  * Motion carried (For/Against/Abstained 4/0/0)
   *  Voters bdmurray, micahg, sil2100, BenC
 * [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2017/ubuntu-meeting.2017-09-11-19.08.log.html#186 Vote to acknowledge the results of the election]]
  * Motion carried (For/Against/Abstained 4/0/0)
   *  Voters bdmurray, micahg, sil2100, BenC



== Action items, by person ==

 * bdmurray
  * bdmurray to handle the PPU role for fossfreedom
  * bdmurray to contact TB regarding the election
 * fossfreedom
  * bdmurray to handle the PPU role for fossfreedom
 * sil2100
  * sil2100 to send out the results announcement after the TB decision is known



== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * sil2100 (91)
 * ddstreet (35)
 * meetingology (33)
 * bdmurray (26)
 * fossfreedom (22)
 * micahg (21)
 * BenC (5)
 * jbicha (4)
 * sarnold (1)
 * LocutusO- (1)



== Full Log ==


 19:08 <sil2100> #startmeeting DMB

 19:08 <meetingology> Meeting started Mon Sep 11 19:08:10 2017 UTC.  The chair is sil2100. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 19:08 <meetingology> 

 19:08 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 19:08 <sil2100> #topic Review of previous action items

 19:08 <sil2100> I guess all the action items are done

 19:08 <sil2100> Since the vote finished, we'd just need to announce the results + contact the TB

 19:08 <bdmurray> Should we talk about the vote now or during AOB?

 19:08 <sil2100> But that's a separate task

 19:09 <sil2100> Let's talk afterwards, since application handling I'd prefer prioritized

 19:09 <bdmurray> Okay.

 19:09 <sil2100> #topic SRU Developer applications

 19:10 <sil2100> #subtopic Dan Streetman

 19:10 <sil2100> ddstreet: o/ Could you introduce yourself?

 19:10 <ddstreet> hello o/

 19:10 <sil2100> https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ddstreet/UbuntuSRUDeveloperApplication <- application link

 19:10 <ddstreet> hi, i'm dan streetman, as indicated, and applying for the 'SRU developer' role

 19:10 <ddstreet> sil2100 thanks, that's my application link

 19:11 <ddstreet> i work closely with slashd, who is currently the only other SRU devel

 19:11 <ddstreet> any questions for me?

 19:12 <bdmurray> Look at the sponsorship miner I don't see very many SRU uploads. Maybe 8 is that right?

 19:12 <ddstreet> yes, not too many, around 8 is probably right

 19:13 <ddstreet> i have spent a lot of time working on kernel patches also

 19:13 <ddstreet> and my last upload, for pylint, was artful only, no SRU

 19:13 <bdmurray> That's interesting but I'm not certain its relevant to an SRU application.

 19:14 <ddstreet> no, kernel and devel uploads are not relevant

 19:14 <sil2100> ddstreet: a 'technical' question from my side - when submitting an SRU application, what info would you include in the Regression Potential field?

 19:15 <sil2100> What is the purpose of this field?

 19:15 <ddstreet> i would include any possible side-effects of the change

 19:16 <ddstreet> e.g. what area of the code does this change touch, and if that code area breaks, what would that look like?

 19:18 <sil2100> Thanks

 19:19 <ddstreet> an example of what i've put in regression potential before, from my last vlan sru: "Any modifications to ifupdown or the scripts it uses may cause wider problems with network configuration. Specifically, this could cause problems when using vlan interfaces, as it forces every vlan's raw device interface to be fully ifup'ed before the vlan interface can finish its ifup."

 19:19 <bdmurray> What prompted applying for SRU uploads today? Is not having access blocking your work even though your last SRU was in June?

 19:19 <sil2100> ddstreet: a more theoretical question - what do you think, does the lack of upload rights block your work? Will you do more uploads when having the permissions?

 19:20 <ddstreet> bdmurray mainly my application is so i can help move along sru applications into the queue to be reviewed

 19:20 <ddstreet> i.e., speed up sru's that are needed

 19:21 <ddstreet> sil2100 yes i will likely do more uploads, but probably i'll be uploading other's work

 19:21 <bdmurray> ddstreet: so it'd allow you to sponsor other SRUs?

 19:21 <ddstreet> yes

 19:21 <ddstreet> i do not think i will personally create more patches that i apply for sru's for, but i do think i will review and upload other people's sru's

 19:21 <ddstreet> obviously more than i do now, since i can't do that now ;-)

 19:22 <ddstreet> and of course, it will help me when i do have a sru to upload

 19:22 <ddstreet> personally-authored sru, that is

 19:23 <bdmurray> That's different than what *I'd* expected this application or other SRU developer applications to look like.

 19:23 <ddstreet> bdmurray what do you expect is the intention of people applying for SRU devel?

 19:23 <bdmurray> I'd expected applicants to uploading their own work not sponsoring stuff for others.

 19:23 <ddstreet> is that what you expect of core devs?

 19:23 <micahg> one of the for granting rights is significant and sustained uploads/contributions except in cases where that doesn't make sense (PPU for a mature package that needs very infrequent updates)

 19:23 <ddstreet> mainly upload their own patches?

 19:24 <micahg> *one of the criteria

 19:24 <bdmurray> ddstreet: How would you evaluate whether or not an upload is SRU ready?

 19:25 <ddstreet> bdmurray there's 2 parts to that: 1) technical change to whatever codebase it is, and 2) sru metadata like changelog format, version number, etc

 19:26 <ddstreet> for #1, the change depends on the package, and i would review the patch(es) and existing code to see how the code works, what the author is changing, if it makes sense and is done correctly, and mostly if it's upstream

 19:26 <ddstreet> if it's not accepted in the upstream code, that's a big red flag for deinal

 19:26 <ddstreet> assuming it's upstream, make sure it's in the devel release first

 19:26 <ddstreet> if upstream accepted it, and it's in devel, and the code looks good, then check #2

 19:27 <ddstreet> which involves making sure the changelog has no trailing whitespace, line length is right, includes LP: #NNN, right changelog text, author name/email

 19:27 <ddstreet> check the patch e.g. patch -p1, quilt import/push/refresh, builds ok, autpkgtest

 19:28 <ddstreet> version number is correct based on current version

 19:29 <ddstreet> rather a lot of meta-data checks (i've thought about adding a tool to ubuntu-dev-tools to automate some of that, like scripts/checkpatch.pl for the kernel)

 19:30 <ddstreet> any other q's for me?

 19:31 <sil2100> Any questions? Or should we proceed to voting?

 19:31 <bdmurray> I'm ready to vote.

 19:31 <sil2100> BenC? micahg?

 19:32 <micahg> ready

 19:32 <sil2100> I guess we're good then

 19:32 <sil2100> #vote Grant ddstreet SRU Developer

 19:32 <meetingology> Please vote on: Grant ddstreet SRU Developer

 19:32 <meetingology> Public votes can be registered by saying +1, +0 or -1 in channel, (for private voting, private message me with 'vote +1/-1/+0 #channelname)

 19:34 <bdmurray> -1 I'd like to see more involvement in the SRU process before granting you upload rights.

 19:34 <meetingology> -1 I'd like to see more involvement in the SRU process before granting you upload rights. received from bdmurray

 19:34 <micahg> +0 , while the quality of work is good so far, it's a bit sporadic, also, I applaud your desire to sponsor uploads, but I don't feel that in and of itself is a reason to grant upload rights, I look forward to seeing you back soon with more SRUs completed when we can hopefully grant you SRU upload permissions

 19:34 <meetingology> +0 , while the quality of work is good so far, it's a bit sporadic, also, I applaud your desire to sponsor uploads, but I don't feel that in and of itself is a reason to grant upload rights, I look forward to seeing you back soon with more SRUs completed when we can hopefully grant you SRU upload permissions received from micahg

 19:34 <bdmurray> Perhaps one way to do that is looking at some things in the SRU queue and then getting an SRU team member endorsement.

 19:36 <sil2100> +0, all good skill-wise but I also think it's a bit too soon, certainly a passing vote after a short while of more uploads + endorsements

 19:36 <meetingology> +0, all good skill-wise but I also think it's a bit too soon, certainly a passing vote after a short while of more uploads + endorsements received from sil2100

 19:36 <ddstreet> bdmurray micahg sil2100 sounds good, i'm happy to reapply after adding some more sponsored sru uploads...you guys don't mind me bugging you to sponsor my uploads right? ;-)

 19:37 <sil2100> ddstreet: not at all! It would be a pleasure - I'd say keep up on uploading through sponsors and we'd gladly review you again in a month or so

 19:37 <sil2100> Or whenever you're ready

 19:37 <ddstreet> awesome.  thnx all

 19:38 <sil2100> ddstreet: thanks!

 19:38 <sil2100> #topic PPU Applications

 19:38 <sil2100> #subtopic David Mohammed (fossfreedom)

 19:38 <sil2100> fossfreedom: o/

 19:39 <fossfreedom> :)

 19:39 <sil2100> fossfreedom: could you introduce yourself? Since some of us might not know you yet!

 19:39 <sil2100> https://wiki.ubuntu.com/fossfreedom/UbuntuBudgieDevApplication <- application

 19:39 <fossfreedom> hi - my name is david mohammed - I am the project lead of ubuntu budgie

 19:39 <fossfreedom> I am applying for PPU for the packages listed in my application

 19:40 <fossfreedom> my work crosses both debian and ubuntu

 19:40 <fossfreedom> the packages I have either created myself and maintain

 19:40 <fossfreedom> or the package I have a direct interest due to Ubuntu Budgie

 19:41 <sil2100> Sorry for the interruption, but I just got reminded that we need to close the previous vote

 19:41 <sil2100> #endvote

 19:41 <meetingology> Voting ended on: Grant ddstreet SRU Developer

 19:41 <meetingology> Votes for:0 Votes against:1 Abstentions:2

 19:41 <meetingology> Motion denied

 19:41 <sil2100> Ok, please continue ;p

 19:41 <fossfreedom> ok - sorry - any Q's for me?

 19:42 <sil2100> I've sponsored some packages for you already and I remember not having any issues as to their contents, which is good

 19:42 <bdmurray> I only see one endorsement on your application, is there a reason for this?

 19:43 <jbicha> bdmurray: I see 4

 19:43 <sil2100> bdmurray: yeah, there's 4

 19:44 <jbicha> I strongly endorse his application. I haven't updated my endorsement since his last application in December

 19:45 <jbicha> I think LocutusOfBorg's endorsement might be old too?

 19:45 <bdmurray> Sorry I thought the rest were comments.

 19:46 <micahg> right ,just one new endorsement since December

 19:47 <sil2100> Well, it's all good

 19:48 <sil2100> fossfreedom: tell me, when would be the usual cut-off 'date' after which you cannot upload NEW packages (by new I mean not-existing in the Ubuntu archive yet)?

 19:49 <fossfreedom> freeze date - little late this cycle - just past in late august

 19:49 <fossfreedom> idea would be to work with debian preferably

 19:49 <sil2100> Which freeze that would be?

 19:49 <fossfreedom> but definitely a couple of months before hand

 19:50 <sil2100> Since there's a lot of different freezes in the archive ;)

 19:50 <fossfreedom> debian freeze

 19:50 <fossfreedom> the auto sync with debian to ubuntu

 19:52 <sil2100> And what would you do if Ubuntu is in Feature Freeze already and need such a brand new package released to Ubuntu?

 19:52 <fossfreedom> feature freeze is tied to debian freeze this cycle

 19:52 <sil2100> By need I mean, suddenly really need it for good reasons

 19:52 <fossfreedom> question very hard if it is really needed first of all

 19:52 <fossfreedom> usually not

 19:52 <fossfreedom> but if necessary FFE - feature freeze exception

 19:52 <sil2100> But let's assume it's really needed, can you still get it in?

 19:52 <sil2100> Yeah

 19:54 <sil2100> BenC, bdmurray, micahg: any questions?

 19:55 <bdmurray> Not from me.

 19:55 <micahg> fossfreedom: I seem to recall Budgie was mainly going through Debian and there were mostly syncs happening, did something change?

 19:56 <fossfreedom> in terms of budgie-desktop - upstream pull a rabbit out of their hat.  It came late this cycle

 19:56 <fossfreedom> debian also had lots of issues with the new queue

 19:56 <fossfreedom> so the sync would not occur before debian freeze

 19:57 <micahg> is Ubuntu the upstream for the budgie packages??

 19:57 <micahg> the ones not in Debian I mean

 19:57 <fossfreedom> upstream - budgie-desktop github.com/budgie-desktop/budgie-desktop

 19:57 <jbicha> in a way, I think Ubuntu is the upstream for the Debian packages too ;)

 19:58 <micahg> right, but what about packages like budgie-welcome, budgie-desktop-environment

 19:59 <fossfreedom> those two are specific to ubuntu - they are at the heart of ubuntu budgie.  They are written specifically for us and would not work with Debian

 20:01 <sil2100> Any other questions?

 20:01 <sil2100> I'm poking since we're again over our scheduled time here

 20:02 <BenC> I’m good

 20:02 <sil2100> micahg: you have any more questions?

 20:03 <sil2100> I assume not in this case, let's vote

 20:03 <sil2100> #vote Grant fossfreedom PPU permissions for the listed package set

 20:03 <meetingology> Please vote on: Grant fossfreedom PPU permissions for the listed package set

 20:03 <meetingology> Public votes can be registered by saying +1, +0 or -1 in channel, (for private voting, private message me with 'vote +1/-1/+0 #channelname)

 20:04 <sil2100> Packageset list: budgie-desktop, budgie-desktop-environment, budgie-artwork, budgie-welcome, budgie-wallpapers, arc-theme, moka-icon-theme, faba-icon-theme, rhythmbox-plugin-alternative-toolbar, budgie-indicator-applet, slick-greeter and ubuntu-budgie-meta

 20:04 <sil2100> (so it's in the logs)

 20:04 <sil2100> +1

 20:04 <meetingology> +1 received from sil2100

 20:05 <bdmurray> +1

 20:05 <meetingology> +1 received from bdmurray

 20:07 <sil2100> BenC, micahg: ?

 20:08 <BenC> +1

 20:08 <meetingology> +1 received from BenC

 20:08 <micahg> +1

 20:08 <meetingology> +1 received from micahg

 20:09 <sil2100> #endvote

 20:09 <meetingology> Voting ended on: Grant fossfreedom PPU permissions for the listed package set

 20:09 <meetingology> Votes for:4 Votes against:0 Abstentions:0

 20:09 <meetingology> Motion carried

 20:09 <sil2100> fossfreedom: congratulations!

 20:10 <fossfreedom> cheers all - much appreciated!

 20:10 <sil2100> Who will take care of creating the packageset etc.?

 20:11 <micahg> a personal package set might be useful,, needs to be a TB member to create, but then we can maintain

 20:13 <sil2100> Any volunteers to drive this? ;)

 20:13 <bdmurray> I think I'll be emailing them anyway re the election so could get it setup

 20:13 <sil2100> bdmurray: thanks!

 20:13 <sil2100> #action bdmurray to handle the PPU role for fossfreedom

 20:13 * meetingology bdmurray to handle the PPU role for fossfreedom

 20:14 <sil2100> #endvote

 20:14 <meetingology> No vote in progress

 20:14 <sil2100> Eh, stupid copy-paste

 20:14 <sil2100> #topic AOB

 20:15 <sil2100> bdmurray: ok, you wanted to discuss the vote results?

 20:15 <bdmurray> micahg: What did you mean by certify the election?

 20:15 <micahg> vote to acknowledge the results of the election

 20:15 <sil2100> The TB?

 20:15 <micahg> both

 20:15 <bdmurray> Why would I not vote +1?

 20:15 <micahg> it's usually a formality

 20:16 <sil2100> Is that always been like that?

 20:16 <micahg> yeah

 20:16 <bdmurray> Okay, just wondering.

 20:16 <micahg> it's just a safeguard

 20:16 <sil2100> So let's vote then

 20:16 <bdmurray> Guess what mine is!

 20:16 <sil2100> #vote Vote to acknowledge the results of the election

 20:16 <meetingology> Please vote on: Vote to acknowledge the results of the election

 20:16 <meetingology> Public votes can be registered by saying +1, +0 or -1 in channel, (for private voting, private message me with 'vote +1/-1/+0 #channelname)

 20:16 <sil2100> +1

 20:16 <meetingology> +1 received from sil2100

 20:16 <micahg> +1

 20:16 <meetingology> +1 received from micahg

 20:16 <bdmurray> +1

 20:16 <meetingology> +1 received from bdmurray

 20:17 * sil2100 looks at BenC

 20:17 <sil2100> *stare*

 20:18 <sarnold> BenC: (some clients only highlight on the nick in the first token)

 20:19 <sil2100> micahg: hmm, but how is this vote counted then?

 20:19 <BenC> +1

 20:19 <meetingology> +1 received from BenC

 20:19 <sil2100> #endvote

 20:19 <meetingology> Voting ended on: Vote to acknowledge the results of the election

 20:19 <meetingology> Votes for:4 Votes against:0 Abstentions:0

 20:19 <meetingology> Motion carried

 20:19 <sil2100> BenC: thanks!

 20:19 <BenC> Sorry, I’m doing my best to stay focused for quorum

 20:20 <sil2100> micahg: since we don't actually need 4 + anyway, since there's only 5 people potentially that could vote

 20:20 <sil2100> So 3 + were anyway sufficient I suppose

 20:20 <sil2100> Anyway, all good

 20:20 <sil2100> Now just the TB and we can officially welcome jbicha and cyphermox at the DMB

 20:20 <sil2100> Ok, final thing from me

 20:21 <micahg> sil2100: I think we'd still need +4 since the board is 7 members

 20:21 <sil2100> BenC, micahg, bdmurray: there's an ongoing application of rbalint through e-mail

 20:21 <sil2100> micahg: yeah but how can we expect 7 peolpe to vote

 20:21 <micahg> right, I'll try to get to that later today

 20:21 <sil2100> micahg: since we're voting for the 2 people that we're missing

 20:21 <BenC> Me too

 20:21 <micahg> sil2100: we can't, but I don' t think that changes quorum

 20:21 <sil2100> micahg: this would be a bit absurd IMO

 20:21 <sil2100> But anyway

 20:22 <sil2100> Not a problem this time I guess!

 20:22 <sil2100> micahg, BenC: thanks!

 20:22 <micahg> IMHO it's the equivalent of 2 members on extended vacation

 20:22 <bdmurray> So two actions more for me?

 20:22 <bdmurray> email TB re election then announce the results?

 20:22 <sil2100> #action bdmurray to contact TB regarding the election

 20:22 * meetingology bdmurray to contact TB regarding the election

 20:22 <sil2100> bdmurray: if you want, we can share some of those tasks

 20:23 <sil2100> Want me to send out the result announcement?

 20:23 <bdmurray> sil2100: Sure, I'll let you know when I hear from the TB

 20:24 <LocutusO-> congrats! yes my advocacy was a little bit old, but it was still valid :)

 20:24 <sil2100> #action sil2100 to send out the results announcement after the TB decision is known

 20:24 * meetingology sil2100 to send out the results announcement after the TB decision is known

 20:25 <sil2100> Any other business?

 20:25 <sil2100> LocutusO-: ;)

 20:25 <bdmurray> Nope

 20:25 <sil2100> Ok, let's assume we're all good now

 20:25 <sil2100> o/

 20:25 <sil2100> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)