== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 27 Mar at 19:07 &mdash; 19:45 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2017/ubuntu-meeting.2017-03-27-19.07.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Review of previous action items ===
The discussion about "Review of previous action items" started at 19:08.


=== Expiring DMB members ===
The discussion about "Expiring DMB members" started at 19:14.

  * ''ACTION:'' bdmurray to get cyphermox's membership extended

=== Outstanding mailing list requests to assign ===
The discussion about "Outstanding mailing list requests to assign" started at 19:35.

  * ''ACTION:'' bdmurray to look at ~mapreri's one more package
  * ''ACTION:'' rbasak to sort Aron's request
  * ''ACTION:'' bdmurray to add Raphaël Pinson back to core-dev
  * ''ACTION:'' bdmurray to look into xfdashboard being in xubuntu packageset

=== Any other business? ===
The discussion about "Any other business?" started at 19:43.




== Vote results ==




== Action items, by person ==

 * bdmurray
  * bdmurray to get cyphermox's membership extended
  * bdmurray to look at ~mapreri's one more package
  * bdmurray to add Raphaël Pinson back to core-dev
  * bdmurray to look into xfdashboard being in xubuntu packageset
 * cyphermox
  * bdmurray to get cyphermox's membership extended
 * rbasak
  * rbasak to sort Aron's request



== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * bdmurray (43)
 * rbasak (24)
 * micahg (15)
 * meetingology (8)
 * cyphermox (7)
 * sil2100 (6)



== Full Log ==


 19:07 <bdmurray> #startmeeting

 19:07 <meetingology> Meeting started Mon Mar 27 19:07:57 2017 UTC.  The chair is bdmurray. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 19:07 <meetingology> 

 19:07 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 19:08 <bdmurray> [TOPIC] Review of previous action items

 19:08 <bdmurray> rbasak added Rosco2 yes?

 19:09 <rbasak> Yes done

 19:09 <bdmurray> I did sent a call for nominations and we'll talk about that as a separate topic

 19:10 <bdmurray> sil2100 took care of ddstreet yes?

 19:10 <sil2100> bdmurray: yes, done

 19:10 <bdmurray> rbasak to create and add slashd to the new SRU-UPLOADERS team (done, pending TB action)

 19:10 <bdmurray> Is the TB action actioned?

 19:10 <rbasak> Not that I'm aware

 19:10 <rbasak> The next TB meeting is tomorrow I hope?

 19:10 * rbasak isn't sure of the phase

 19:11 <bdmurray> okay but you are managing it / them?

 19:11 <rbasak> Yes. Carry that one over please, and I'll chase as needed.

 19:12 <bdmurray> just for posterity - rbasak to announce slashd's new SRU-UPLOADERS team membership (done)

 19:12 <bdmurray> sil2100 to finalize fossfreedom's application vote situation

 19:12 <bdmurray> what's up with that?

 19:12 <sil2100> bdmurray: that's more or less done now

 19:12 <sil2100> I need to just send out the note

 19:12 <sil2100> I poked infinity and got a final -1 vote from him

 19:13 <sil2100> This means the application got rejected in the end - I'll send out an announcement to that today

 19:13 <bdmurray> sil2100: okay

 19:14 <bdmurray> I don't see any applications dated for today so

 19:14 <bdmurray> [TOPIC] Expiring DMB members

 19:14 <bdmurray> I sent out a call for nominations and received none

 19:15 <bdmurray> Although sil2100 and micahg mentioned they didn't see the announcement. Is u-d-a the right place to send it?

 19:15 <micahg> yes

 19:15 <bdmurray> Not to put you on the spot but how did you miss it?

 19:15 <sil2100> bdmurray: yes, I found it, got pushed to spam (?) on my gmail for unknown reasons

 19:15 <micahg> too busy and mailbox full might have meant it got dropped

 19:15 <rbasak> I wonder if everyone is assuming that someone else will apply. If we send out a second call, might that help?

 19:16 <micahg> I motion that we extend cyphermox's membership to match infinity's membership expiration date and send out of a call at the beginning of July

 19:16 <bdmurray> I don't see how things'll get better in July.

 19:17 <rbasak> Do we need TB approval for that?

 19:17 <bdmurray> IIRC we had a similar issue during the last election.

 19:17 <bdmurray> The issue being very few candidates.

 19:17 <rbasak> But I half agree with bdmurray - rather than postponing, perhaps we could continue to try to find replacements and extend cyphermox's term as needed until replacements are found?

 19:17 <rbasak> Assuming cyphermox wants to continue that is.

 19:17 <micahg> rbasak: we usually submit the results of the election to the TB for a final signoff, we could do that for this as well

 19:18 <cyphermox> rbasak: I have just sent a self-nomination email

 19:18 <rbasak> cyphermox: thanks!

 19:18 <micahg> we're approaching the end of the cycle, I think people will be busy

 19:18 <micahg> July is in the middle before feature freeze which should allow people a little more time to think about it

 19:18 <cyphermox> I *did* miss the deadline though, so YMMV

 19:18 <rbasak> micahg: I accept that. My point is that rather than pushing back to July, perhaps we should push back only as far as is necessary.

 19:19 <micahg> startup in May again

 19:19 <micahg> ?

 19:20 <bdmurray> I don't think its gonna help, but we can just place private bets on that.

 19:20 <micahg> we can try to run a social media campaign leading up to it maybe if someone has time

 19:20 <micahg> 1-3 part series on life as a DMB member?

 19:21 <cyphermox> ahah :)

 19:22 <bdmurray> There are only 86 core devs, so a social media campaign seems like a bit much.

 19:22 <micahg> MOTUs are allowed to run as well

 19:23 <bdmurray> Well one of their "latest members" is sil2100 which must have been some time ago.

 19:24 <bdmurray> Anyway, the proposal is to extend cyphermox's membership to end of May and send out a request for nominations in the beginning of that month?

 19:24 <cyphermox> we haven't reviewed a MOTU application in quite a while

 19:24 <micahg> well, it's an extra 50 people

 19:26 <micahg> yeah, I think people have moved to more siloed rights instead of a broader focus, which is a mixed bag

 19:26 <micahg> there's very little traffic in the MOTU channel

 19:27 <micahg> Is there anyone focusing on the non-snap development community anymore?

 19:30 <bdmurray> rbasak, cyphermox, sil2100: Are you happing with extending cyphermox's membership until the end of May and holding elections then?

 19:31 <rbasak> No objection.

 19:32 <cyphermox> bdmurray: no objection

 19:35 <bdmurray> [ACTION] bdmurray to get cyphermox's membership extended

 19:35 * meetingology bdmurray to get cyphermox's membership extended

 19:35 <bdmurray> [TOPIC] Outstanding mailing list requests to assign

 19:36 <bdmurray> I think I saw a ping over the weekend

 19:36 <rbasak> There were a couple I think

 19:36 <rbasak> "Re-generate the list of my personal packageset"

 19:36 <rbasak> "one more PPU package for ~mapreri"

 19:36 <bdmurray> The one from happyaron?

 19:36 <rbasak> Yep

 19:37 <rbasak> Raphaël Pinson asking for core-dev reinstatement

 19:38 <rbasak> "Please add xfdashboard to xubuntu packageset"

 19:38 <rbasak> That's Feb 07 - did that ever get done?

 19:38 <bdmurray> [ACTION] bdmurray to look at ~mapreri's one more package

 19:38 * meetingology bdmurray to look at ~mapreri's one more package

 19:38 <bdmurray> rbasak: Can you do the re-gen?

 19:38 <rbasak> OK

 19:39 <rbasak> Uh

 19:39 <rbasak> I'll sort it anyway

 19:39 <rbasak> I don't think Aron has a personal packageset.

 19:39 * bdmurray rbasak to sort Aron's request

 19:40 * bdmurray bdmurray to add Raphaël Pinson back to core-dev

 19:40 <bdmurray> [ACTION] rbasak to sort Aron's request

 19:40 * meetingology rbasak to sort Aron's request

 19:40 <bdmurray> [ACTION] bdmurray to add Raphaël Pinson back to core-dev

 19:40 * meetingology bdmurray to add Raphaël Pinson back to core-dev

 19:42 <bdmurray> [ACTION] bdmurray to look into xfdashboard being in xubuntu packageset

 19:42 * meetingology bdmurray to look into xfdashboard being in xubuntu packageset

 19:42 <bdmurray> There I think we got them all

 19:42 <cyphermox> actually, let me take care of xfdashboard, I'm already looking at the packageset code.

 19:42 <bdmurray> okay

 19:43 <bdmurray> [TOPIC] Any other business?

 19:43 <rbasak> Thank you for chairing bdmurray

 19:43 <cyphermox> I'm happy to chair next.

 19:44 <bdmurray> cyphermox: noted, thanks

 19:44 <bdmurray> Okay, I guess that's a wrap.

 19:45 <bdmurray> Ask your friends to run in May though!

 19:45 <bdmurray> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)