== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 23 Mar at 15:01 &mdash; 15:43 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2017/ubuntu-meeting.2017-03-23-15.01.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning round ===
The discussion about "Lightning round" started at 15:01.


=== emails for SRUs stuck in -proposed ===
The discussion about "emails for SRUs stuck in -proposed" started at 15:19.

  * ''LINK:'' https://xkcd.com/1769/ 

=== AOB ===
The discussion about "AOB" started at 15:35.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * slangasek (65)
 * cyphermox (33)
 * bdmurray (25)
 * robru (22)
 * ubottu (16)
 * rbalint (15)
 * Laney (15)
 * caribou (14)
 * infinity (10)
 * tdaitx (10)
 * meetingology (3)
 * chiluk (3)
 * davmor2 (2)
 * gaughen (2)



== Full Log ==


 15:01 <slangasek> #startmeeting

 15:01 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Mar 23 15:01:31 2017 UTC.  The chair is slangasek. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 15:01 <meetingology> 

 15:01 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 15:01 <slangasek> [TOPIC] Lightning round

 15:02 <slangasek> $ echo $(shuf -e barry doko bdmurray slangasek caribou infinity sil2100 robru cyphermox tdaitx xnox chiluk mwhudson rbalint)

 15:02 <slangasek> tdaitx infinity doko barry robru sil2100 chiluk rbalint slangasek cyphermox bdmurray caribou xnox mwhudson

 15:02 <slangasek> tdaitx: tag

 15:02 <tdaitx> = JCK

 15:02 <tdaitx> * firewall exception to run interactive tests not working

 15:02 <tdaitx> * executing full tests

 15:02 <tdaitx> = Other

 15:02 <tdaitx> * Checking a few openjdk-7/openjdk-8 errors on error tracker

 15:02 <tdaitx> - unable to find a reproducer for GMenuModelItemsChangedInvalidIndex; error is still being reported on Trusty though, might be related to LP: #1499747 but need a reproducer to check if glib update fixes that

 15:02 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1499747 in glib2.0 (Ubuntu) "gedit crashed with SIGABRT in g_assertion_message()" [High,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1499747

 15:02 <tdaitx> - An awt bug happening since 8u121-b13-0ubuntu1.16.04.2 which seems like a regression; working on a reproducer

 15:02 <tdaitx> (done)

 15:03 <infinity> - Wasted some time trying unsuccessfully to smooth over the kernel/snappy issues.

 15:03 <infinity> - Helped sort out a glibc security regression.

 15:03 <infinity> - glibc uploads to zesty.

 15:03 <infinity> - SRU/AA faff.

 15:03 <infinity> - Beta, beta, beta.

 15:03 <infinity> (done)

 15:04 <slangasek> doko is off

 15:04 <slangasek> barry is off

 15:04 <slangasek> robru:

 15:04 <robru> britney

 15:04 <robru> * reviewed a couple branches by laney

 15:04 <robru> * made Email Policy resend mails periodically, with a decreasing frequency

 15:04 <robru> archive maintenance

 15:04 <robru> * troubleshoot a number of packages stuck in proposed (mentored by cyphermox)

 15:04 <robru> * poked at curl, which is blocked by MIR of two new dependencies

 15:04 <robru> (done)

 15:05 <cyphermox> robru: did you file the MIR bugs or update them? I could review those

 15:05 <bdmurray> robru: was there any discussion about stable releases?

 15:05 <robru> bdmurray: stable releases still not being emailed as far as I know. do you want that?

 15:06 <robru> cyphermox: yeah I think mterry is on top of those two MIRs, was just blocked trying to find a team bug subscriber, which is settled now

 15:06 <slangasek> no sil2100?

 15:06 <cyphermox> alrighty

 15:06 <slangasek> chiluk:

 15:06 <chiluk> * Been mostly working on quite a few ceph and ceph performance issues lately, so not much foundation-y stuff.

 15:06 <chiluk> * 2 half days PTO

 15:06 <chiluk> - done -

 15:06 <robru> cyphermox: https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/libpsl/+bug/1668568 and https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/libidn2-0/+bug/1668566 both "fix committed" not sure what else needs to happen to finish those off

 15:06 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1668568 in libpsl (Ubuntu) "[MIR] libpsl" [Undecided,Fix committed]

 15:06 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1668566 in libidn2-0 (Ubuntu) "[MIR] libidn2-0" [Undecided,Fix committed]

 15:07 <cyphermox> aye aye

 15:07 <cyphermox> fix committed means it's approved, just needs magic AA powers to complete

 15:08 <slangasek> rbalint: welcome :)

 15:08 <slangasek> rbalint: your turn, if you have anything

 15:08 <rbalint> * entered the foundation team just earlier this week (Hello, Everyone! :-))

 15:08 <rbalint> * triaged nama's ftbfs looks like to be caused by perl bug https://bugs.debian.org/cgi-bin/bugreport.cgi?bug=839218

 15:08 <rbalint> * pushed forward boost1.62 transition providing patches for the last 3 packages to transition http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/transitions/html/boost1.62.html

 15:08 <ubottu> Debian bug 839218 in perl "Perl 5.24 makes nama FTBFS due to segfault" [Serious,Open]

 15:08 <rbalint> seems I should copy one by one :-)

 15:08 <slangasek> robru, bdmurray: I guess the mail policy for stable releases needs to be different, since a one-day delay in migrating isn't "stuck"

 15:09 <tdaitx> rbalint, hi there! welcome =)

 15:09 <bdmurray> I think Laney might have said everything in -proposed for stable would appear stuck.

 15:09 <slangasek> rbalint: oh oops, I removed nama from zesty-proposed because I had assumed that was a bug in nama rather than perl; should I un-delete it?

 15:10 <Laney> hi

 15:10 <rbalint> slangasek: i think it can be readed

 15:10 <cyphermox> slangasek: needs fixing in Debian first, no need to undelete it, I'd say

 15:10 <cyphermox> oh?

 15:10 <slangasek> cyphermox: according to rbalint the bug is perl rather than nama

 15:10 <cyphermox> well, yeah, but in the meantime it's still broken

 15:10 <rbalint> it can be fixed in perl or nama by a workaround

 15:10 <cyphermox> oh, I didn't remember that

 15:11 <rbalint> cyphermox: it just came up today

 15:11 <cyphermox> rbalint: do you have the workaround ready? we could land that and unblock it once re-added?

 15:11 <slangasek> cyphermox: yes, but once perl is fixed we still won't have a nama package in the archive unless the Debian maintainer happens to upload a new one

 15:11 <slangasek> * systemd SRU (LP: #1673860, LP: #1647031, LP: #1651518).

 15:11 <slangasek> * ordered more memory for laptop, so I can run a web browser

 15:11 <slangasek> * discussions around signed custom kernels for ubuntu-core

 15:11 <slangasek> * debugging of k8s testsuite failures in GCE

 15:11 <slangasek> * worked on shim-signed, which we've just gotten our first signed binary through the new community process (https://mjg59.dreamwidth.org/47438.html)

 15:11 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1673860 in systemd (Ubuntu Yakkety) "systemd-resolved unit should run Before=network-online.target" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1673860

 15:11 <slangasek> * proposed-migration un-sticking work

 15:11 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1647031 in systemd (Ubuntu Yakkety) "systemd-resolved’s 127.0.0.53 server does not follow CNAME records" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1647031

 15:11 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1651518 in systemd (Ubuntu Yakkety) "systemd/logind parsing problem: HTX exercisers stopped on error: rc 11, errno 11 from main(): pthread_create" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1651518

 15:11 <slangasek> * have requested more email reminders about stuck packages

 15:11 <slangasek> * miscellaneous ppc64el triage and uploads

 15:11 <slangasek> (done)

 15:11 <cyphermox> - multipath-tools fix for missing dm-queue-length + SRUs

 15:11 <cyphermox> - multipath-tools path-selector change

 15:11 <cyphermox> - merge slideshow update for mascot

 15:11 <cyphermox> - more slideshow merges to complete for 17.04 updates

 15:11 <cyphermox> - shim testing and grub2 changes for shim SRUs.

 15:12 <cyphermox> - subiquity livefs fixes

 15:12 <cyphermox> - netplan cloned mac support / convincing systemd-networkd to properly apply .li

 15:12 <cyphermox> nk file changes

 15:12 <cyphermox> - "mentoring" rbalint on +1 maintenance

 15:12 <cyphermox> (done)

 15:12 <bdmurray> cyphermox: why the quotes?

 15:12 <cyphermox> wtf, vi

 15:12 <bdmurray> had apport updated in staging / production Error Tracker

 15:12 <bdmurray> looked for and found other crashes which make gdb sad

 15:12 <bdmurray> reported snappy bug (LP: #1674847) regarding manifest files

 15:12 <bdmurray> fixed snap of apport so that hooks get run, logging works

 15:12 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1674847 in Snappy "produce package lists for Ubuntu Core versions on the web" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1674847

 15:12 <cyphermox> bdmurray: because the force is strong with rbalint.

 15:13 <bdmurray> confirmed apport snap catches cores of other snaps

 15:13 <bdmurray> created an ubuntu-core general hook for apport snap

 15:13 <bdmurray> modified ubuntu-core hook to capture dpkg.list file, "snap --version"

 15:13 <bdmurray> modified ubuntu-core hook to not complain about free space

 15:13 <rbalint> cyphermox: :-)

 15:13 <bdmurray> uploaded SRUs of update-notifier / update-manager for LP: #1654008

 15:13 <bdmurray> improved test case for LP: #1623856, uploaded aptdaemon Y SRU

 15:13 <bdmurray> troubleshoot of my upgrade to Yakkety

 15:13 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1654008 in update-notifier (Ubuntu Xenial) "/usr/bin/update-manager:OverflowError:/usr/bin/update-manager@117" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1654008

 15:13 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1623856 in aptdaemon (Ubuntu) "Scrolled Windows in update-manager are too small to read" [Low,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1623856

 15:13 <bdmurray> ✔ done

 15:13 <cyphermox> (it's weird to say that when I've never watched any star wars)

 15:13 <caribou> Bugfix:

 15:13 <caribou> LP #1654600 : unattended-upgrades breaks shutdown when /var is FS

 15:13 <caribou> - Created DEP8 tests for new systemd fix

 15:13 <caribou> - Needs review before upload

 15:13 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1654600 in unattended-upgrades (Ubuntu) "unattended-upgrade-shutdown hangs when /var is a separate filesystem" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1654600

 15:14 <caribou> LP: #1342580 : tftp does not start

 15:14 <caribou> - Applied SRU version break suggestion & re-uploaded

 15:14 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1342580 in tftp-hpa (Ubuntu Yakkety) "tftpd-hpa doesn't start on boot" [Medium,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1342580

 15:14 <caribou> Sponsored  LP: #1566508 & rolled back

 15:14 <caribou> Sponsored LP: #1590799

 15:14 <caribou> Reviewed LP: #1645324 for sponsoring & provided comments

 15:14 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1566508 in sssd (Ubuntu Trusty) "autofs races with sssd on startup" [Medium,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1566508

 15:14 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1590799 in nfs-utils (Ubuntu Zesty) "nfs-kernel-server does not start because of dependency failure" [Medium,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1590799

 15:14 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1645324 in ebtables (Ubuntu Trusty) "ebtables: Lock file should be moved from /var/lib/ebtables to /run" [Medium,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1645324

 15:14 <caribou> Need AA magic on releasing tomsfastmath into Main following MIR completion

 15:14 <caribou> - LP: #1619239

 15:14 <caribou> - Will unblock clamav from zesty-proposed

 15:14 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1619239 in tomsfastmath (Ubuntu) "[MIR] tomsfastmath (runtime dependency of clamav)" [High,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1619239

 15:14 <caribou> Meetings

 15:14 <caribou> ☑ Done

 15:14 <tdaitx> cyphermox, didn't you meant to say "it's weird that I've never watched any star wars"?

 15:15 <cyphermox> not really no

 15:15 <bdmurray> cyphermox: is that some kind of choice?

 15:15 <cyphermox> I litterally didn't have to do anythign

 15:16 <cyphermox> don't know, it never came up, I was never interested, I've got plenty with Trek

 15:16 <cyphermox> cue holy war: Star Trek vs. Star Wars.

 15:16 <bdmurray> xnox is still on holiday right?

 15:16 <gaughen> bdmurray, yes

 15:17 <cyphermox> are we at AOB now then?

 15:18 <bdmurray> I thought there was somebody after xnox

 15:18 <slangasek> it was mwhudson next

 15:18 <slangasek> and he gets a pass

 15:18 <slangasek> because he's so far off the edge of the world I don't even know how to look up his TZ

 15:18 <slangasek> any questions on status?

 15:19 <gaughen> not from me

 15:19 <bdmurray> No, but could we talk about emails for SRUs stuck in -proposed?

 15:19 <slangasek> [TOPIC] emails for SRUs stuck in -proposed

 15:19 <slangasek> ok let's talk :)

 15:20 <slangasek> but also http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2016/12/05/tourist-claims-detained-kazakhstan-officials-refused-believe/

 15:20 <rbalint> cyphermox: if you miss star wars :-) telnet towel.blinkenlights.nl

 15:20 <cyphermox> https://xkcd.com/1769/

 15:20 <bdmurray> Laney: You have an opinion on not sending emails right?

 15:21 <cyphermox> oh, IPv6 has extra bling

 15:22 <davmor2> cyphermox: it lies

 15:22 <davmor2> cyphermox: also like there is a war, firefly all the way ;)

 15:23 <bdmurray> Well he said things are expected to delayed in -proposed for some period of time.

 15:23 <slangasek> yes

 15:23 <slangasek> so emailing folks after a single day of a package in -proposed for an SRU would be annoying and not helpful

 15:23 <Laney> bdmurray: don't you already have tooling to mail people?

 15:23 <bdmurray> And that he thought > 10 days was common.

 15:23 <Laney> Anyway, two practical issues

 15:23 <slangasek> Laney: yes, but they only get emailed after 197 days or so

 15:23 <Laney> - Need to make the delay configurable

 15:23 <cyphermox> there was a bit of discussion on the exact process for emailing yesterday in #u-release... robru?

 15:24 <cyphermox> ah, Laney's there.

 15:24 <slangasek> configurable by whom / how?

 15:24 <robru> Hmm?

 15:24 <bdmurray> Laney: it comments on the bugs purported to be fixed by the SRU if its in -proposed for > 90 days or so

 15:24 <Laney> - Blocked packages, of which SRUs all are, won't trigger emails, so need to deal with that somehow

 15:24 <Laney> slangasek: in the britney.conf, so by b1

 15:24 <bdmurray> So it doesn't directly email the uploader

 15:24 <slangasek> Laney: ok, so configured per-suite, not per-package or per-uploader; fair

 15:24 <robru> We could make the threshold configurable in britney.conf, devel could be set to 3 days and stable could be set to 14 days or something

 15:25 <slangasek> robru: where did 3 days come from?

 15:25 <slangasek> changing the configuration for devel isn't on the table here :)

 15:25 <Laney> run

 15:25 <slangasek> Laney: ?

 15:26 <robru> slangasek: i decreased devel from 1 to 3 days because Laney wouldn't merge it with such a short repetition frequency

 15:26 <bdmurray> maybe its not a change slangasek and it's already 3 days!

 15:26 <slangasek> robru: but the first mail still comes out after 1 day?

 15:27 <robru> slangasek: no, the current email schedule for devel is day 3, 6, 12, 24, 48, 78, 108...

 15:27 <slangasek> robru: ok, that wasn't what we discussed, please change it back to sending the first mail at 1 day and *I'll* merge it

 15:27 <robru> slangasek: should i just make it configurable?

 15:28 <slangasek> robru: that's orthogonal

 15:29 <robru> slangasek: but why would i submit one branch to change it from 3 to 1, and then submit a second branch that makes it configurable? I can just make it configurable and then that solves both problems

 15:30 <slangasek> robru: because we haven't defined what all is configurable, and I want the devel thing fixed today :)

 15:30 <robru> slangasek: i can have a configuration branch submitted today

 15:31 <slangasek> robru: that is not the same as having the configuration branch reviewed, agreed, and merged today

 15:32 <robru> slangasek: ok I'll submit a 1-day-mail branch after breakfast then

 15:32 <slangasek> robru: thanks

 15:32 <slangasek> as for SRUs

 15:32 <Laney> robru: I think you need to restore the 1 or 5 thing

 15:32 <robru> Sigh

 15:32 <slangasek> where have we gotten to?

 15:32 <Laney> if you're doing that

 15:32 <slangasek> 1-or-5?

 15:33 <Laney> 1 if excuse.is_valid else 5

 15:33 <Laney> or the other way around, I forget

 15:33 <robru> The other way

 15:33 <robru> I can't even remember why that existed

 15:34 <Laney> for things blocked at update_output.txt time, which need to be given more time

 15:34 <slangasek> ah

 15:34 <slangasek> seems fair

 15:34 <robru> Do those things really take more time? Isn't that just installability checks which would be known right away? Why does that take extra time?

 15:34 <slangasek> but I don't think we're converging on a plan for SRUs

 15:34 <Laney> you often have to sort out other packages

 15:35 <slangasek> so can we table this until after the meeting and take it up in #ubuntu-release?

 15:35 <infinity> It *can* take extra time, or it *might* be an indication of a bug.

 15:35 <Laney> it'll still be a bug in 5 days

 15:35 <slangasek> (US table, not UK table)

 15:35 <infinity> Failing in output checks doesn't necessarily mean a transition, it might be that you broke something. :P

 15:35 <Laney> ok, let's do that

 15:35 <slangasek> ok

 15:35 <slangasek> [TOPIC] AOB

 15:35 <slangasek> anything else?

 15:36 <rbalint> slangasek: i was about to ask about the libssl 1.0.2 transition for zeisty

 15:36 <infinity> When is our team pony coming?

 15:36 <slangasek> rbalint: we are not transitioning to 1.0.2 for zesty

 15:36 <rbalint> ok

 15:37 <infinity> We carry a delta specifically to prevent transitioning.

 15:38 <rbalint> there are some packages on http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/zesty/update_excuses.html which depend on 1.0.2

 15:38 <slangasek> rbalint: xnox had taken the lead on that, maybe send an email to the list to ask about plans for 17.10

 15:38 <slangasek> rbalint: transgui?

 15:38 <slangasek> that one's a mess and we don't need to spend time fixing it this cycle

 15:38 <cyphermox> yep transgui

 15:38 <rbalint> and a few others

 15:38 <slangasek> it should self-fix once we upgrade openssl

 15:39 <rbalint> but they don't seem to be important indeed

 15:39 <rbalint> i'm looking for important packages to fix on excuses list

 15:40 <slangasek> rbalint: hopefully most of the "important" ones aren't stuck there; but we still want to clean up -proposed as much as possible.  It's just that for a package that is synced from Debian and needs no changes to be eventually correct, no clean-up is really needed (transgui)

 15:41 <slangasek> anything else?

 15:41 <cyphermox> I suppose looking at main mainly might be good, but as you said, the cleanup in general is important

 15:43 <slangasek> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)