== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 14 Sep at 15:02 &mdash; 15:43 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2017/ubuntu-meeting.2017-09-14-15.02.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning round ===
The discussion about "Lightning round" started at 15:03.


=== Bugs ===
The discussion about "Bugs" started at 15:17.

  * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-aa-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs 
  * ''LINK:'' https://launchpad.net/bugs/1711358 

=== AOB ===
The discussion about "AOB" started at 15:36.

  * ''LINK:'' https://code.launchpad.net/~sil2100/ubuntu-archive-tools/kernel-sru-review-esm/+merge/330212 <- need some review eyes here ;)



== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * slangasek (42)
 * sil2100 (22)
 * bdmurray (20)
 * ubottu (18)
 * doko (15)
 * fginther (9)
 * xnox (8)
 * rbalint (6)
 * tdaitx (6)
 * Tribaal (5)
 * Odd_Bloke (4)
 * meetingology (3)
 * ogra_ (3)



== Full Log ==


 15:02 <slangasek> #startmeeting

 15:02 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Sep 14 15:02:59 2017 UTC.  The chair is slangasek. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 15:02 <meetingology> 

 15:02 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 15:03 <slangasek> [TOPIC] Lightning round

 15:03 <slangasek> $ echo $(shuf -e slangasek bdmurray xnox tdaitx doko sil2100 rbalint infinity cyphermox mwhudson rcj philroche Odd_Bloke tribaal fginther)

 15:03 <slangasek> fginther slangasek tribaal xnox infinity rbalint Odd_Bloke mwhudson rcj tdaitx sil2100 cyphermox philroche bdmurray doko

 15:03 <slangasek> fginther: hello!

 15:04 <fginther> hello

 15:05 <fginther> * Short week due to vacation

 15:05 <fginther> * Integrating the linux-azure kernel into daily images.

 15:05 <fginther> * Built an updated WSL appx to upload to the windows store

 15:05 <fginther> done

 15:05 <fginther> slangasek, you're up

 15:05 <fginther> Oh one more

 15:05 <fginther> * debug a partner networking issue

 15:06 <fginther> and done again

 15:06 <slangasek> * short week, on vacation all last week

 15:06 <slangasek> * [HIGHLIGHT] Ubuntu for containers on Windows released this week!

 15:06 <slangasek> * working this week on un-breaking cloud image builds, still down following the launchpad lxd transition

 15:06 <slangasek> * chasing autopkgtests for proposed-migration (glibc)

 15:06 <slangasek> * working on removing dependencies on initramfs-tools, for minimization of images (LP: #1716825, LP: #1716818, LP: #1713169)

 15:06 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1716825 in plymouth (Ubuntu Zesty) "Remove unnecessary dependency on initramfs-tools" [Undecided,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1716825

 15:06 <slangasek> (done)

 15:06 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1716818 in mdadm (Ubuntu Xenial) "Remove obsolete versioned dependency on initramfs-tools" [Undecided,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1716818

 15:06 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1713169 in apparmor (Ubuntu Xenial) "Remove wrong dependency on initramfs-tools" [High,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1713169

 15:06 <Tribaal> * Investigation of docker-on-cloud-images memory usage

 15:06 <Tribaal> * Fixing a package upgrade weirdness with grub-legacy-ec2 on xenial images

 15:06 <Tribaal> * Various reviews and fixes

 15:06 <Tribaal> Done.

 15:07 <Tribaal> xnox:

 15:07 <xnox> rax / mdadm shutdown bug - introducing iscsi like finalramfs does not appear to help; will request debug shutdown console log.

 15:07 <xnox> subiquity - continuing to work on colors and i18n

 15:07 <xnox> cloud-images - assisting / debugging / waiting to fix cloud-image building (timeouts on metadata server, LXD/s390x changes, general debugging)

 15:07 <xnox> WSL - review fginther appx.

 15:07 <xnox> systemd - progress on better resolved integration (not uploaded)

 15:07 <xnox> done

 15:08 <slangasek> infinity absent

 15:08 <slangasek> rbalint:

 15:08 <rbalint> * worked on https://insights.ubuntu.com/2017/09/13/running-ubuntu-containers-with-hyper-v-isolation/

 15:08 <rbalint> * u-u: LP: #1624644 and other bugs

 15:08 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1624644 in update-manager (Ubuntu Artful) "Unable to automatically remove packages that become unused in conjunction with updating by other software" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1624644

 15:08 <rbalint> * moved everything forward in main on http://qa.ubuntuwire.org/ftbfs/ that was not being worked on actively

 15:08 <rbalint> * +1-maint: LP: #1715167 (fixing in a different way, still looking for sponsor), #874522 (take patch)

 15:08 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1715167 in nagios-nrpe (Ubuntu) "FTBFS in Artful" [Undecided,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1715167

 15:08 <rbalint> (done)

 15:08 <Odd_Bloke> * On vacation; back yesterday

 15:08 <Odd_Bloke> * Working to get xenial builds in to good shape after lxd builder migration

 15:08 <Odd_Bloke> * Getting GCE testing working; need further investigation of potential networking issues

 15:08 <Odd_Bloke> (done)

 15:09 <slangasek> rcj is traveling

 15:09 <slangasek> tdaitx:

 15:09 <tdaitx> Short week: sick since Tue night/Wed early morning, recovering

 15:09 <tdaitx> * Investigating Debian Bug #874434

 15:09 <tdaitx> * Started local rebuilds with OpenJDK 9 as default-jre/jdk

 15:09 <tdaitx> * Other: away next week wed-fri

 15:09 <ubottu> Debian bug 874434 in src:openjdk-8 "openjdk-8-jre-headless: uninstallable on armhf" [Serious,Open] http://bugs.debian.org/874434

 15:09 <tdaitx> (done)

 15:09 <doko> tdaitx: does this affect us as well?

 15:10 <sil2100> - Was half-day off on Wednesday

 15:10 <sil2100> - Released a new google-cloud-sdk (version 169)

 15:10 <sil2100> - DMB meeting:

 15:10 <sil2100> * Usual candidate reviews and duties

 15:10 <sil2100> * Announcing and onboarding the one new board member (HIGHLIGHT?)

 15:10 <sil2100> - Prepared and released update-manager fix for autopkgtest regression

 15:10 <sil2100> - Kernel SRU re-spin reviews

 15:10 <sil2100> - Add additional fixes to the kernel-sru-review ESM support branch

 15:10 <tdaitx> doko, I saw it today, I'm still checking that... need an armhf for that

 15:10 <sil2100> - Regular SRU reviews

 15:10 <sil2100> - ubuntu-image:

 15:10 <sil2100> * Full review and discussion regarding the classic builder branch

 15:10 <sil2100> * Prepared and merged some basic man-page documentation of hooks

 15:10 <sil2100> - Dealing with mysterious local ssh problems

 15:10 <sil2100> - Spinning and re-spinning of ubuntu-core plano images (15.04 based)

 15:10 <sil2100> (done)

 15:12 <slangasek> cyphermox: around?

 15:13 <slangasek> philroche is out

 15:13 <slangasek> bdmurray:

 15:13 <bdmurray> SRU review of python3.5 again

 15:13 <bdmurray> special Zesty SRU release of nova for coreycb

 15:13 <bdmurray> special SRU review of livecd-rootfs for X and Z, +2

 15:13 <bdmurray> review of plasma-workspace halted phased update / email reply

 15:13 <bdmurray> investigation into, fixed phased-updater failure to email sponsees(?)

 15:13 <bdmurray> updated test case for xfsprogs (LP: #1696102)

 15:13 <bdmurray> reviewed sil2100's MP re: update-manager test failure

 15:13 <bdmurray> uploaded zesty, artful fixes for LP: #1676547

 15:13 <bdmurray> reported gnome-shell bug re window switching LP: #1716415

 15:13 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1696102 in xfsprogs (Ubuntu Zesty) "xfs/073 test fails with Metadata corruption detected on xfs file system (xfsprogs)" [High,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1696102

 15:13 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1676547 in network-manager (Ubuntu) "No network connectivity after upgrade from 16.04 to 16.10" [Critical,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1676547

 15:13 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1508146 in gnome-shell (Ubuntu) "duplicate for #1716415 Alt+left/right arrows switch between tty consoles (Gnome Shell vanishes), cannot disable" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1508146

 15:14 <bdmurray> discussion with cyphermox regarding small /boot

 15:14 <bdmurray> submitted partman-auto bug re: small /boot (LP: #1716999)

 15:14 <bdmurray> emailed TB re DMB election results

 15:14 <bdmurray> reviewed rbalint's core developer application

 15:14 <bdmurray> submitted bug for TB re fossfreedom packageset (LP: #1716770)

 15:14 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1716999 in partman-auto (Ubuntu) "installer creates rather small /boot partition" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1716999

 15:14 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1716770 in ubuntu-community "[TB/DMB] New packageset ~personal-fossfreedom in Artful" [Undecided,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1716770

 15:14 <bdmurray> investigation into LP: #1689668 and LP: #1690541

 15:14 <bdmurray> dealt with a huge ton of spam / setup a system to handle it

 15:14 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1689668 in aptdaemon (Ubuntu Artful) "dialog to resolve config file conflicts can be only one line high" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1689668

 15:14 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1690541 in update-manager (Ubuntu) "Scrolled windows in update-manager are too small to read" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1690541

 15:14 <bdmurray> âœ” done

 15:14 <bdmurray> doko:

 15:14 <doko> - worked on the artful museum of llvm-X.Y versions

 15:14 <doko> - fixing older gcc's to build in artful

 15:14 <doko> - fixing autopkg tests, a lot ...

 15:14 <doko> - more maven fixes

 15:14 <doko> - fixing build failures

 15:14 <doko> - still looking at debug symbols size explosion by a factor of five on arm64 and ppc64el, only seen with llvm

 15:14 <doko> builds

 15:14 <doko> - been on the GNU Cauldron from Fri-Sun

 15:14 <doko> (done)

 15:16 <slangasek> any questions on status?

 15:16 <sil2100> All good

 15:17 <slangasek> conferences seem like they should be highlights for this week

 15:17 <slangasek> so, highlight: GNU Cauldron, Linux Plumbers

 15:17 <slangasek> [TOPIC] Bugs

 15:17 <slangasek> bdmurray: bugs to discuss today?

 15:17 <bdmurray> bug 1711358 is newly tagged

 15:17 <ubottu> bug 1711358 in ubiquity (Ubuntu) "20170817 - ISO hangs on boot on qemu with splash screen enabled and qxl graphics driver" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1711358

 15:18 <slangasek> [LINK] http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-aa-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 15:18 <slangasek> [LINK] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1711358

 15:20 <slangasek> bdmurray: I think we should decline that one, at least for Foundations; we don't have the resources to debug the interactions between plymouth and all of the qemu video drivers

 15:21 <slangasek> anything else on bugs, then?

 15:21 <rbalint> LP: #1439769 would be needed in Trusty, too, IMO, it plays really bad with u-u

 15:21 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1439769 in update-manager (Ubuntu) "various linux packages being marked as manually installed, still prevents 'apt-get autoremove' from doing the right thing for kernels" [Critical,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1439769

 15:22 <bdmurray> bug 1619258 is new too

 15:22 <ubottu> bug 1619258 in nplan (Ubuntu) "netplan should allow NICs to be disconnected and not stall the boot" [Undecided,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1619258

 15:22 <xnox> i think that is actually systemd

 15:22 <xnox> but maybe not

 15:22 <slangasek> rbalint: well, diminishing returns on fixing such things for LTS-1

 15:23 <slangasek> users have been dealing with this bug already for 3 years on trusty...

 15:27 <slangasek> related bug: https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/nplan/+bug/1716500

 15:27 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1714301 in systemd (Ubuntu Artful) "duplicate for #1716500 systemd-networkd hangs my boot (wireless)" [High,Confirmed]

 15:30 <ogra_> hah, xnox beats me on LP 1619258

 15:30 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1619258 in nplan (Ubuntu) "netplan should allow NICs to be disconnected and not stall the boot" [Undecided,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1619258

 15:34 <slangasek> so I think the conclusion is that we do take 1714301 for now, and leave 1619258 incoming until we see if it shakes out from those fixes or if it needs additional attention

 15:35 <slangasek> anything else on bugs?

 15:35 <ogra_> i think 1619258 is a special case (systemd-networkd in xenial)

 15:36 <ogra_> (might indeed be the same issue in the end)

 15:36 <slangasek> [TOPIC] AOB

 15:36 <slangasek> anything else on not-bugs?

 15:37 <sil2100> https://code.launchpad.net/~sil2100/ubuntu-archive-tools/kernel-sru-review-esm/+merge/330212 <- need some review eyes here ;)

 15:37 <doko> slangasek: glibc transition

 15:37 <sil2100> Although seeing that I'm the only user of this script, might as well just merge it

 15:37 <sil2100> (so far)

 15:38 <slangasek> sil2100: is that different than the one apw asked me for review of?

 15:38 <sil2100> slangasek: not sure, maybe it's the same - there's only one esm support branch I think

 15:38 <doko> asking because I'd like to start a final test rebuild. which issues are essential to address before the migration

 15:39 <slangasek> doko: remind me if there's a technical reason that the rebuild test can't include -proposed?

 15:39 <sil2100> It's always useful to have someone looking through the code anyway, since when you're in it too long you stop noticing that things look strange

 15:40 <slangasek> sil2100: maybe you can get apw to review it :)

 15:40 <doko> slangasek: that's not we ship, and afaik that is not possible. for earlier test rebuild I had to do a separate test rebuild for each pocket

 15:40 <sil2100> I guess I could! Maybe he'd start using the script as well

 15:41 <slangasek> doko: but the normal archive builds always build /against/ -proposed; if we did that for the archive rebuild, that would surely give us what we want

 15:41 <doko> no, not the test rebuilds

 15:41 <slangasek> doko: and then you could decouple the start of the rebuild from the proposed-migration blockages

 15:42 <slangasek> doko: well in any case, I am working on drilling down through the remaining failures

 15:42 <slangasek> doko: my goal is EOD

 15:42 <doko> sounds good. I'd like to catch cj watson tomorrow to create the test rebuilds before his EOW

 15:43 <slangasek> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)