== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team, 20 Jul at 15:05 &mdash; 15:25 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2017/ubuntu-meeting.2017-07-20-15.05.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning rounds ===
The discussion about "Lightning rounds" started at 15:06.


=== AOB ===
The discussion about "AOB" started at 15:16.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * bdmurray (25)
 * infinity (17)
 * philroche (13)
 * doko (12)
 * cyphermox (12)
 * xnox (9)
 * tdaitx (9)
 * rbalint (6)
 * ubottu (6)
 * rcj (6)
 * fginther (4)
 * meetingology (3)
 * Tribaal (2)



== Full Log ==


 15:05 <philroche> #startmeeting Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team

 15:05 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Jul 20 15:05:35 2017 UTC.  The chair is philroche. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 15:05 <meetingology> 

 15:05 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 15:06 <philroche> #topic Lightning rounds

 15:06 <philroche> echo $(shuf -e doko bdmurray slangasek infinity sil2100 cyphermox tdaitx

 15:06 <philroche> xnox mwhudson rbalint rcj philroche Odd_Bloke Tribaal fginther)

 15:06 <xnox> bah

 15:06 <xnox> is that it? so little people.

 15:07 <tdaitx> $ echo $(shuf -e doko bdmurray slangasek infinity sil2100 cyphermox tdaitx xnox mwhudson rbalint rcj philroche Odd_Bloke Tribaal fginther)

 15:07 <tdaitx> ^ that's the right one

 15:07 <tdaitx> unless you filtered whoever is away already

 15:08 <philroche> tdaitx xnox Odd_Bloke rbalint bdmurray sil2100 mwhudson doko Tribaal slangasek fginther philroche infinity rcj cyphermox

 15:08 <tdaitx> that's not what I got here

 15:08 <tdaitx> =P

 15:09 <tdaitx> * openjdk 8 update

 15:09 <tdaitx> * openjdk 7 backports

 15:09 <tdaitx> * whoopsie sru

 15:09 <tdaitx> that's it

 15:09 <xnox> systemd work - sru testing, sru fixup, migration to v234, migration to UseDomains=true by default

 15:09 <xnox> ocaml transition - done

 15:09 <xnox> got eTA visa for Canada to go to Debconf

 15:09 <xnox> done

 15:10 <bdmurray> Odd_Bloke: is at a sprint

 15:10 <bdmurray> rbalint: ?

 15:10 <rbalint> * short week, was sick for a few days :-(

 15:10 <rbalint> * further fixes for unattended-updates LP: #1690980

 15:10 <rbalint> * GCE new upstream LP: #1705448

 15:10 <rbalint> * other cloud-related work

 15:10 <rbalint> (done)

 15:10 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1690980 in OEM Priority Project "unattended-upgrades does not block shutdown of system, as it is designed to" [Critical,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1690980

 15:10 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1705448 in gce-compute-image-packages (Ubuntu Zesty) "Update google compute-image-packages to 20170718" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1705448

 15:10 <bdmurray> SRU queue reviews (Z,X,T)

 15:10 <bdmurray> worked on resolving ubuntu-release-upgrader E722 errors

 15:10 <bdmurray> modify daisy bug bridge comment to say errors.u.c is for developers

 15:10 <bdmurray> modified daisy's requeue_old_swift_cores code to delete EoL releases cores

 15:11 <bdmurray> submitted RT regarding staging and production update of daisy ET

 15:11 <philroche> rbalint: Let me know if you want the new gce package tested

 15:11 <bdmurray> tested staging update of daisy ET

 15:11 <bdmurray> went to test daisy and ran into whoopsie LP: #1697375

 15:11 <bdmurray> fixed whoopsie bug in AA regarding n-m state LP: #1697375

 15:11 <bdmurray> sponsored tdaitx's SRU (XZ) of whoopsie

 15:11 <bdmurray> uploaded u-r-u and u-m SRUs to XZ queue for LP: #1700829

 15:11 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1697375 in whoopsie (Ubuntu Zesty) "whoopsie's network-manager state querying is broken" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1697375

 15:11 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1700829 in update-manager (Ubuntu Zesty) "-d switch isn't accurately described" [High,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1700829

 15:11 <bdmurray> wrote a test case for LP: #1700829

 15:11 <bdmurray> updated upstream apport branch with fixes for LP: #1700573

 15:11 <bdmurray> uploaded artful apport fix for LP: #1700573

 15:11 <bdmurray> working on artful apport E722 errors

 15:11 <bdmurray> investigation into update-manager not depending on libgtk2-perl

 15:11 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1700573 in apport (Ubuntu Artful) "Code execution through path traversal in .crash files processing" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1700573

 15:11 <bdmurray> uploaded update-manager to AA to recommend on libgtk2-perl

 15:11 <bdmurray> sent email to ubuntu-devel and blogged about release upgrade changes

 15:11 <bdmurray> ✔ done

 15:11 <bdmurray> sil2100 is gone

 15:12 <Tribaal> Only partner stuff this week.

 15:12 <Tribaal> Done.

 15:12 <fginther> * Semi-automated publication of images to Azure Germany

 15:12 <fginther> * Automated image publication workflow improvements

 15:12 <fginther> * Fixes for determining candidate images

 15:12 <rbalint> philroche: thanks, it seems to be a minor update but it needs testing according to the SRU process

 15:12 <fginther> ✔ done

 15:12 <philroche> * Final Yakkety cloud image promotion prior to EOL

 15:12 <philroche> * Cloud images build system Vanguard

 15:13 <philroche> * Cloud images build system automated promotion

 15:13 <philroche> (done)

 15:13 <bdmurray> What goes into that final cloud image?

 15:13 <infinity> * Most of the week eaten up with 16.04.3 SRU wrangling:

 15:13 <infinity> - SRU reviews, sorting out what's in proposed, etc

 15:13 <infinity> - Back-and-forth on the HWE kernel to get what we need

 15:13 <infinity> - Chasing down verification and testing on the HWE X stack

 15:13 <infinity> * Prepping to EOL Yakkety

 15:13 <infinity> * Regular AA tasks

 15:13 <infinity> * Going through autopkgtest failures to get glibc to migrate

 15:13 <infinity> * Failing to sleep properly (been up all night, will be napping post-meeting)

 15:13 <infinity> (done)

 15:13 <philroche> FYI the final Yakkety build promoted was 20170719

 15:13 <rcj> rcj:

 15:13 <doko> hmm, somebody skipped me ...

 15:13 <rcj> * Reviewed derivative cloud publication design for new build system

 15:13 <rcj> * New cloud-image daily publication workflow put into production for Xenial and later

 15:13 <rcj> * New cloud-image release publication in development for 17.04 (was waiting for new zesty daily due to build blockers)

 15:13 <rcj> ✔ done

 15:13 <infinity> bdmurray: I think it's just one last daily promoted, so it takes no upgrades on boot.

 15:14 <rcj> doko:

 15:14 <cyphermox> doko: go for it

 15:14 <doko> - last week vacation

 15:14 <doko> - forward ocaml glibc issue, contact upstream

 15:14 <doko> - preparing openjdk-8 and -9 updates

 15:14 <doko> - python 3.6.2 release

 15:14 <doko> - binutils update

 15:14 <doko> - start again looking at gcc-5 backports

 15:14 <doko> (done)

 15:14 <cyphermox> - [HIGHLIGHT] released nplan 0.25: test fixes, IPv6 RA fixes, handling MTU via NM

 15:14 <cyphermox> - reviewed multipath-tools merge

 15:14 <infinity> doko: "ocaml glibc issue"?

 15:14 <cyphermox> - reviewed merge proposals for ubiquity

 15:14 <infinity> doko: You mean ocaml binutils issue. :P

 15:14 <cyphermox> - ubiquity 17.10.1 release

 15:14 <cyphermox> - shim SRU verifications

 15:14 <cyphermox> - DMB work: packageset review/update, etc.

 15:14 <cyphermox> (done)

 15:14 <xnox> [HIGHLIGHT] ocaml transition done

 15:14 <infinity> [HIGHLIGHT] OMG YAKKETY EOL

 15:15 <cyphermox> weeeee

 15:15 <bdmurray> [HIGHLIGHT] notified people about release upgrade process and changes

 15:15 <cyphermox> can we EOL vivid now?

 15:15 <infinity> No. :(

 15:15 <infinity> The next person to ask me gets stabbed in the face over the internet.

 15:16 <philroche> #topic AOB

 15:17 <cyphermox> I'm OB-free.

 15:17 <xnox> cyphermox, we have a trello card about it \o/ tagged you both in it.

 15:17 <xnox> it states the reason why

 15:18 <cyphermox> xnox: I was just trolling

 15:18 <doko> infinity. yes. did you make progress with the glibc migration?

 15:19 <infinity> doko: Progress yes, but not quite there.  Some more autopkgtests to grind through.

 15:19 <bdmurray> infinity: somebody got a bit of a backtrace in bug 1637180

 15:19 <ubottu> bug 1637180 in update-manager (Ubuntu Artful) ""The computer needs to restart" dialog constantly eats CPU" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1637180

 15:21 <doko> about other "disruptive" changes ... I'm planning to start the gcc-7 transition next week / the week after.

 15:21 <doko> would be nice if we could finish the python3.6 as default before

 15:21 <doko> mwhudson: ^^^

 15:24 <bdmurray> philroche: I think that's it

 15:24 <infinity> philroche: *cough* #endmeeting

 15:25 <philroche> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)