== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 27 Nov at 16:31 &mdash; 16:53 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2017/ubuntu-meeting.2017-11-27-16.31.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting 
=== Announcements ===
The discussion about "Announcements" started at 16:31.


=== Weekly stand-up report ===
The discussion about "Weekly stand-up report" started at 16:32.


=== Highlighted packages ===
The discussion about "Highlighted packages" started at 16:51.

  * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/python-rsa.html 
  * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/percona-xtrabackup.html 
  * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/libpgf.html 

=== Miscellaneous and Questions ===
The discussion about "Miscellaneous and Questions" started at 16:51.

  * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/python3.7.html 
  * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/xine-ui.html 



== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * tyhicks (35)
 * jdstrand (13)
 * mdeslaur (8)
 * chrisccoulson (8)
 * sbeattie (7)
 * leosilva (6)
 * sarnold (3)
 * ratliff (3)
 * meetingology (3)
 * ubottu (1)



== Full Log ==


 16:31 <tyhicks> #startmeeting

 16:31 <meetingology> Meeting started Mon Nov 27 16:31:45 2017 UTC.  The chair is tyhicks. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:31 <meetingology> 

 16:31 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 16:31 <tyhicks> The meeting agenda can be found at:

 16:31 <tyhicks> [LINK] https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting

 16:31 <tyhicks> [TOPIC] Announcements

 16:32 <mdeslaur> \o

 16:32 <tyhicks> Simon Quigley (tsimonq2) provided debdiffs for trusty-artful for konversation (LP: #1731797)

 16:32 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1731797 in Kubuntu PPA "[CVE] Crash in IRC message parsing" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1731797

 16:32 <tyhicks> Thank you for your assistance in keeping Ubuntu users secure! :)

 16:32 <tyhicks> [TOPIC] Weekly stand-up report

 16:32 <tyhicks> jdstrand: you're up

 16:34 <tyhicks> mdeslaur: go ahead

 16:34 <mdeslaur> I'm in the happy place this week

 16:35 <mdeslaur> I have three updates I'm about to release, including the remote code execution issue found in exim this weekend

 16:35 <mdeslaur> we have exim compiled with PIE, so I don't think we have code execution

 16:35 <mdeslaur> but updates are ready anyway

 16:35 <mdeslaur> after that, I'll pick something up from the list, if leosilva left me any

 16:35 <mdeslaur> that's about it

 16:35 <mdeslaur> sbeattie: you're up

 16:35 <leosilva> hehe

 16:35 <sbeattie> I'm also in the happy place this week

 16:36 <sbeattie> My primary focus is on CVE notifications for snap owners

 16:36 <sbeattie> I have an openjdk-7 update from td daitx to test and publish

 16:36 <sbeattie> I have some upstream apparmor tasks open

 16:37 * jdstrand is here (sorry)

 16:37 <sbeattie> and I have the usual bits of kernel cve triage to watch over.

 16:37 <sbeattie> that's probably my week.

 16:37 <sbeattie> jdstrand: you want to jump in?

 16:37 <tyhicks> jdstrand: go ahead

 16:37 <jdstrand> yeah

 16:37 <jdstrand> This week I am focusing on:

 16:37 <jdstrand> * email catchup from short week last week

 16:37 <jdstrand> * fix a review tools/store bug

 16:37 <jdstrand> * snapd PR reviews

 16:37 <jdstrand> * pickup the ssh/gpg interfaces PR

 16:37 <jdstrand> * investigate/implement proper fix for hotplugged devices not being added to device cgroup (mir input forum issue)

 16:37 <jdstrand> * investigate tun/tap intermittent spread failure as have time

 16:37 <jdstrand> * add kmod spread test as have time

 16:37 <jdstrand> * uid/gid privilege dropping as have time

 16:37 <jdstrand> * everything from ssh/gpg and after might change depending on an embargoed issue I might be asked to help with

 16:37 <jdstrand> that's it from me. back to you tyhicks :)

 16:39 <tyhicks> I'm on community this week

 16:39 <tyhicks> I'll be catching up on email from being off all last week

 16:40 <tyhicks> I have several things that I need to nudge along this week but shouldn't require any real work on my side (snapd seccomp logging PR, libseccomp xenial SRU, audit SRUs, libseccomp-golang upstream PR)

 16:41 <tyhicks> I plan to focus on reproducable squashfs images

 16:41 <tyhicks> there are two more ecryptfs kernel fixes that need to go into a 4.15 -rc release so I'll get to them as I have time

 16:41 <tyhicks> that's it for me

 16:41 <tyhicks> jj is out

 16:41 <tyhicks> sarnold: you're up

 16:44 <sarnold> I'm on cve triage this week, and getting caught up on whatever I missed while enjoying a nice long weekend

 16:44 <sarnold> apparmor patch reviews as I can, and finishing the embargoed review, starting on the next MIR on the list

 16:44 <sarnold> that should cover me, chrisccoulson?

 16:45 <chrisccoulson> I've got a thunderbird update to do this week (started already), and a firefox publication to finish off

 16:46 <chrisccoulson> And then rust and cargo updates. I'm reasonably optimistic this one will go better than the last, and it shouldn't be too difficult

 16:46 <chrisccoulson> I also need to figure out how hard it is to backport python versions for the firefox build

 16:47 <tyhicks> how many weeks before that's needed?

 16:47 <chrisccoulson> tyhicks, python or rust?

 16:47 <tyhicks> chrisccoulson: python'

 16:47 <chrisccoulson> tyhicks, march for the actual release

 16:48 <chrisccoulson> but anytime now for trunk

 16:48 <tyhicks> ack, glad you're thinking about it this early

 16:48 <chrisccoulson> And then hopefully I'll have some time left to look at other things, finally

 16:48 <chrisccoulson> that's me done

 16:48 <tyhicks> ratliff: your turn

 16:49 <ratliff> I'm on bug triage this week

 16:49 <ratliff> After that I will continue to be focused on internal tasks.

 16:49 <ratliff> on to you leosilva

 16:49 <leosilva> I`m the happy place this week

 16:49 <leosilva> I also will have  a short week (Tuesday is my Friday)

 16:50 <leosilva> I have a postgresql-common to work and USN and some python that I'm waiting to push to ppas.

 16:50 <leosilva> I also want to hunt some pkg and push in my list of TODO.

 16:50 <leosilva> that ` all, tyhicks it is back to you

 16:51 <tyhicks> thanks

 16:51 <tyhicks> [TOPIC] Highlighted packages

 16:51 <tyhicks> The Ubuntu Security team will highlight some community-supported packages that might be good candidates for updating and or triaging. If you would like to help Ubuntu and not sure where to start, this is a great way to do so.

 16:51 <tyhicks> See https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/UpdateProcedures for details and if you have any questions, feel free to ask in #ubuntu-security. To find out other ways of helping out, please see https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/GettingInvolved.

 16:51 <tyhicks> https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/python-rsa.html

 16:51 <tyhicks> https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/percona-xtrabackup.html

 16:51 <tyhicks> https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/libpgf.html

 16:51 <tyhicks> [TOPIC] Miscellaneous and Questions

 16:51 <tyhicks> https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/python3.7.html

 16:51 <tyhicks> Does anyone have any other questions or items to discuss?

 16:51 <tyhicks> https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/xine-ui.html

 16:53 <tyhicks> jdstrand, mdeslaur, sbeattie, sarnold, ChrisCoulson, ratliff, leosilva: Thanks!

 16:53 <tyhicks> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)