== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting: ubuntu-server-team, 24 Jan at 16:05 &mdash; 16:18 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2017/ubuntu-meeting.2017-01-24-16.05.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Review ACTION points from previous meeting ===
The discussion about "Review ACTION points from previous meeting" started at 16:05.


=== Development Release ===
The discussion about "Development Release" started at 16:07.

  * ''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ZestyZapus/ReleaseSchedule 
  * ''LINK:'' https://blueprints.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+spec/servercloud-z-server-core 
  * ''LINK:'' https://blueprints.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+spec/servercloud-z-server-core 

=== Server & Cloud Bugs & SRU/Pending Uploads (caribou) ===
The discussion about "Server & Cloud Bugs & SRU/Pending Uploads (caribou)" started at 16:10.


=== Weekly Updates & Questions for the QA Team (powersj) ===
The discussion about "Weekly Updates & Questions for the QA Team (powersj)" started at 16:12.


=== Weekly Updates & Questions for the Kernel Team (smb, sforshee) ===
The discussion about "Weekly Updates & Questions for the Kernel Team (smb, sforshee)" started at 16:14.


=== Upcoming Call For Papers ===
The discussion about "Upcoming Call For Papers" started at 16:16.

  * ''LINK:'' https://lwn.net/Calendar/Monthly/cfp/ 

=== Ubuntu Server Team Events ===
The discussion about "Ubuntu Server Team Events" started at 16:16.


=== Open Discussion ===
The discussion about "Open Discussion" started at 16:16.


=== Announce next meeting date, time and chair ===
The discussion about "Announce next meeting date, time and chair" started at 16:17.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * rbasak (28)
 * caribou (17)
 * ubottu (15)
 * jgrimm (8)
 * powersj (5)
 * cpaelzer (4)
 * rharper (4)
 * meetingology (3)
 * smb (2)



== Full Log ==


 16:05 <rbasak> #startmeeting ubuntu-server-team

 16:05 <meetingology> Meeting started Tue Jan 24 16:05:29 2017 UTC.  The chair is rbasak. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:05 <meetingology> 

 16:05 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 16:05 <rbasak> #topic Review ACTION points from previous meeting

 16:06 <rbasak> caribou to verify with Huang if the Trusty Target is still required for bug 1640676

 16:06 <ubottu> bug 1640676 in libvirt (Ubuntu) "[SRU] libvirt 1.2.12 live-migration corrupts some instances" [High,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1640676

 16:06 <caribou> rbasak: this was done; the task was unneeded & got removed by cpaelzer

 16:06 <rbasak> Great, thanks!

 16:07 <rbasak> #topic Development Release

 16:07 <rbasak> #link https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ZestyZapus/ReleaseSchedule

 16:07 <jgrimm> #link https://blueprints.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+spec/servercloud-z-server-core

 16:07 <rbasak> I'm still (!) working on the squid3 merge. I have a tree that should work in theory now, in my git repo if anyone wants to take a peek.

 16:07 <jgrimm> FF deadline counting down

 16:07 <rbasak> #link https://blueprints.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+spec/servercloud-z-server-core

 16:08 <rbasak> Any other comments?

 16:08 <rbasak> "Active work that may need wider communication"

 16:08 <rbasak> Anything that is worth mentioning?

 16:08 <cpaelzer> myself is working on qemu merge

 16:09 <rharper> o/

 16:09 <jgrimm> Given we are in the FF count down, i plan to go sweep through the blueprint and find owners for pending merges we'd like

 16:09 <cpaelzer> I hope to have something worth to throw at coreycb and hallyn for review and further tests soon

 16:09 <jgrimm> most have them from being picked up voluntarily

 16:09 <cpaelzer> I also started to pick up trivial merges today

 16:09 <jgrimm> \o/

 16:09 <jgrimm> thank you

 16:09 <rbasak> Thanks!

 16:10 <rbasak> #topic Server & Cloud Bugs & SRU/Pending Uploads (caribou)

 16:10 <caribou> LP: #1356211 - (sosreport) cannot collect rotated syslog.1

 16:10 <caribou> LP: #1366103 - (sosreport) sosreport doesn't collect all data from /etc/apparmor.d/

 16:10 <caribou> LP: #1447695 - (sosreport) sosreport 3.2 does not collect systemd information

 16:10 <caribou> LP: #1605243 - (sosreport) iscsi initiator related configs and logs are not recorded

 16:10 <caribou> LP: #1614052 - (sosreport) SOSREPORT need to collect OPAL msglog

 16:10 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1356211 in sosreport (Ubuntu Trusty) "cannot collect rotated syslog.1" [Medium,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1356211

 16:10 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1366103 in sosreport (Ubuntu Trusty) "sosreport doesn't collect all data from /etc/apparmor.d/" [Medium,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1366103

 16:10 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1447695 in sosreport (Ubuntu Trusty) "sosreport 3.2 does not collect systemd information" [Medium,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1447695

 16:10 <caribou> all of those are mine

 16:10 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1605243 in sosreport (Ubuntu Yakkety) "iscsi initiator related configs and logs are not recorded" [Medium,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1605243

 16:10 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1614052 in sosreport (Ubuntu Yakkety) "SOSREPORT need to collect OPAL msglog" [Medium,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1614052

 16:10 <caribou> LP: #1447715 - (ifupdown) dhclient -6: Can't bind to dhcp address: Cannot assign requested address

 16:10 <caribou> LP: #1550983 - (gtk+3.0) Fails to start with "Couldn't open libGL.so.1" (missing dependency?)

 16:10 <caribou> LP: #1579609 - (os-prober) os-prober bug resulting in possible FS corruption

 16:10 <caribou> LP: #1621340 - (multipath-tools) [SRU]'multipath -r' causes /dev/mapper/<wwid> being removed

 16:10 <caribou> LP: #1640382 - (qemu) Segfault event notifier because of race condition

 16:10 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1447715 in ifupdown (Ubuntu Xenial) "dhclient -6: Can't bind to dhcp address: Cannot assign requested address" [Medium,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1447715

 16:10 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1550983 in One Hundred Papercuts "Fails to start with "Couldn't open libGL.so.1" (missing dependency?)" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1550983

 16:10 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1579609 in os-prober (Ubuntu Xenial) "os-prober bug resulting in possible FS corruption" [Critical,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1579609

 16:10 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1621340 in multipath-tools (Ubuntu Xenial) "[SRU]'multipath -r' causes /dev/mapper/<wwid> being removed" [Medium,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1621340

 16:10 <caribou> LP: #1642903 - (systemd) introduce disk/by-id (model_serial) symlinks for NVMe drives

 16:10 <caribou> LP: #1647485 - (systemd) NVMe symlinks broken by devices with spaces in model or serial strings

 16:10 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1640382 in qemu (Ubuntu Trusty) "Segfault event notifier because of race condition" [Medium,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1640382

 16:10 <caribou> LP: #1648901 - (krb5) SPNEGO crash on mechanism failure

 16:10 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1642903 in systemd (Ubuntu Trusty) "introduce disk/by-id (model_serial) symlinks for NVMe drives" [Wishlist,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1642903

 16:10 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1647485 in systemd (Ubuntu Trusty) "NVMe symlinks broken by devices with spaces in model or serial strings" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1647485

 16:10 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1648901 in krb5 (Ubuntu Xenial) "SPNEGO crash on mechanism failure" [Medium,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1648901

 16:11 <caribou> not sure the liGL belongs here though :)

 16:11 <caribou> I'm done with my bot storm :)

 16:11 <rbasak> Any questions for caribou?

 16:12 <jgrimm> not from me

 16:12 <rbasak> #topic Weekly Updates & Questions for the QA Team (powersj)

 16:12 <powersj> Last week was cloud-init work reviewing Wes' merge request and working on unit tests. Gone through a number of 2016 weeks still requiring bug triage; down to 9 weeks. And spent time last week getting an arm64 system setup and configured for our use in Jenkins. Waiting on firewall port to be opened and then we are all set.

 16:13 <powersj> Plan this week is to finish off the bug triage for 2016, meeting with smoser around a long list of cloud-init items (e.g. merge request, Github mirroring, tox file, SRU special case), and work on some more unit tests.

 16:13 <powersj> questions?

 16:14 <rharper> powersj: the suggested change to curtin vmtest runners on jenkins (-p 4 and TMPDIR on the nvme); are those changes committed to all curtin vmtest jobs ?

 16:14 <powersj> rharper: yes

 16:14 <rharper> \o/

 16:14 <rharper> thanks

 16:14 <powersj> np

 16:14 <rbasak> Thanks powersj!

 16:14 <rbasak> #topic Weekly Updates & Questions for the Kernel Team (smb, sforshee)

 16:14 <smb> Nothing from the kernel. For other reasons looking at nc (the openbsd variant) which might be worth mentioning (bug 1656785). Actually the debian bug that got linked is a second issue... or alternative working fact... Other than that: are there questions?

 16:14 <ubottu> bug 1656785 in netcat-openbsd (Ubuntu) "nc -d -l does not return data (only empty strings)" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1656785

 16:16 <rbasak> Thanks smb!

 16:16 * smb assumes no for the questions part

 16:16 <rbasak> #topic Upcoming Call For Papers

 16:16 <rbasak> #link https://lwn.net/Calendar/Monthly/cfp/

 16:16 <rbasak> Anything that needs mentioning?

 16:16 <rbasak> #topic Ubuntu Server Team Events

 16:16 <rbasak> Any events coming up worth mentioning?

 16:16 <rbasak> #topic Open Discussion

 16:17 <rbasak> AOB?

 16:17 <jgrimm> not from me

 16:17 <rbasak> #topic Announce next meeting date, time and chair

 16:17 <cpaelzer> rbasak: if you go another few weeks as chair you'll beat the 10 minute mark

 16:17 <rbasak> The next meeting will be Tue 31 Jan 16:00:00 UTC 2017. jamespage is next on the list (still). I may end up having to chair again! :-)

 16:18 <rbasak> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)