== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting: ubuntu-server-team, 29 Aug at 16:00 &mdash; 16:21 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2017/ubuntu-meeting.2017-08-29-16.00.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Review ACTION points from previous meeting ===
The discussion about "Review ACTION points from previous meeting" started at 16:00.

  * ''ACTION:'' nacc to write a release notes entry on ipv6 netboot (carried over)
  * ''ACTION:'' nacc to write a server guide entry on ipv6 netboot (carried over)
  * ''ACTION:'' rbasak to add maintainership info to mysql triage page (carried over)

=== Artful Development ===
The discussion about "Artful Development" started at 16:01.

  * ''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ArtfulAardvark/ReleaseSchedule 
 * '''Current Work''' (16:01)
  * ''LINK:'' https://trello.com/b/U9HhWyT0/daily-ubuntu-server 
  * Feature freeze has hit, so bugfixes only now
  * cpaelzer plans an FFe for slof
 * '''Release Bugs''' (16:03)
  * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-aa-tracking-bug-tasks.html#ubuntu-server 
  * No bugs were called out for specific attention

=== Server & Cloud Bugs & SRU/Pending Uploads (slashd, ddstreet) ===
The discussion about "Server & Cloud Bugs & SRU/Pending Uploads (slashd, ddstreet)" started at 16:04.

  * chiluk plans an FFe for haproxy
  * No updates on this topic from slashd or ddstreet

=== Weekly Updates & Questions for the QA Team (powersj) ===
The discussion about "Weekly Updates & Questions for the QA Team (powersj)" started at 16:05.

  * ''LINK:'' https://jenkins.ubuntu.com/server/ 
  * Last week got mirroring of Launchpad recipe build results into our jenkins and attended the cloud-init summit.
  * This week more cloud-init work on generic integration tests
  * cpaelzer analyzed the current failing cases on the server jenkins virt cases. All are current known cases and he hopes to resolve them by fixing up artful

=== Weekly Updates & Questions for the Kernel Team (smb, sforshee) ===
The discussion about "Weekly Updates & Questions for the Kernel Team (smb, sforshee)" started at 16:08.

  * Nothing new from kernel directly
  * some observed some test failures of ubuntu-fan on s390x
  * flashcache: thats a (dkms) package which used to provide some way to add a SSD/NVMe cache to a spinning block device: no longer compiling

=== Upcoming Call For Papers ===
The discussion about "Upcoming Call For Papers" started at 16:18.

  * ''LINK:'' https://lwn.net/Calendar/Monthly/cfp/ 
  * ''LINK:'' http://www.open-zfs.org/wiki/OpenZFS_Developer_Summit 

=== Ubuntu Server Team Events ===
The discussion about "Ubuntu Server Team Events" started at 16:20.

  * No upcoming events were mentioned

=== Open Discussion ===
The discussion about "Open Discussion" started at 16:20.

  * No further discussion

=== Announce next meeting date, time and chair ===
The discussion about "Announce next meeting date, time and chair" started at 16:20.

  * Next meeting: Tue  5 Sep 16:00:00 UTC 2017
  * smoser will chair



== Vote results ==




== Action items, by person ==

 * nacc
  * nacc to write a release notes entry on ipv6 netboot (carried over)
  * nacc to write a server guide entry on ipv6 netboot (carried over)
 * rbasak
  * rbasak to add maintainership info to mysql triage page (carried over)



== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * rbasak (57)
 * smb (29)
 * cpaelzer (16)
 * meetingology (6)
 * xnox (5)
 * powersj (4)
 * chiluk (3)
 * nacc (2)
 * ahasenack (2)
 * sforshee (2)
 * ubottu (1)
 * ddstreet (1)



== Full Log ==


 16:00 <rbasak> #startmeeting ubuntu-server-team

 16:00 <meetingology> Meeting started Tue Aug 29 16:00:31 2017 UTC.  The chair is rbasak. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:00 <meetingology> 

 16:00 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 16:00 <rbasak> #topic Review ACTION points from previous meeting

 16:00 <rbasak> * nacc to write a release notes entry on ipv6 netboot (carried over)

 16:00 <rbasak> * nacc to write a server guide entry on ipv6 netboot (carried over)

 16:00 <rbasak> * rbasak to add maintainership info to mysql triage page (carried over)

 16:00 <rbasak> I still need to carry over mine

 16:01 <rbasak> nacc?

 16:01 <cpaelzer> well we are short of next release notes now

 16:01 <nacc> rbasak: carry :/

 16:01 <nacc> i'll try and actually do it this week

 16:01 <cpaelzer> "close to" I meant

 16:01 <rbasak> #action nacc to write a release notes entry on ipv6 netboot (carried over)

 16:01 * meetingology nacc to write a release notes entry on ipv6 netboot (carried over)

 16:01 <rbasak> #action nacc to write a server guide entry on ipv6 netboot (carried over)

 16:01 * meetingology nacc to write a server guide entry on ipv6 netboot (carried over)

 16:01 <rbasak> #action rbasak to add maintainership info to mysql triage page (carried over)

 16:01 * meetingology rbasak to add maintainership info to mysql triage page (carried over)

 16:01 <rbasak> #topic Artful Development

 16:01 <rbasak> #link https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ArtfulAardvark/ReleaseSchedule

 16:01 <rbasak> #subtopic Current Work

 16:01 <rbasak> #link https://trello.com/b/U9HhWyT0/daily-ubuntu-server

 16:02 <rbasak> #info Feature freeze has hit, so bugfixes only now

 16:02 <rbasak> Any planned FFEs?

 16:02 <rbasak> I see ahasenack's squid3 merge has landed - thanks!

 16:02 <cpaelzer> yeah

 16:02 <cpaelzer> I plan FFE on slof

 16:02 <ahasenack> just in time :)

 16:02 <rbasak> #info cpaelzer plans an FFe for slof

 16:03 <rbasak> Anything else for current work for Artful?

 16:03 <cpaelzer> reasoning for the slof FFE (among others) is bug 1706248

 16:03 <ubottu> bug 1706248 in slof (Ubuntu) "SLOF dhcp request doesn't include client architecture code 93" [Medium,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1706248

 16:03 <rbasak> Thanks cpaelzer!

 16:03 <rbasak> #subtopic Release Bugs

 16:03 <rbasak> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-aa-tracking-bug-tasks.html#ubuntu-server

 16:04 <rbasak> Any bugs for release that need attention?

 16:04 <rbasak> #info No bugs were called out for specific attention

 16:04 <rbasak> #topic Server & Cloud Bugs & SRU/Pending Uploads (slashd, ddstreet)

 16:04 <chiluk> I plan an ffe on haproxy.

 16:04 <rbasak> slashd sent his apologies. I'm not sure if ddstreet is taking this topic, or we should skip it?

 16:04 <rbasak> #info chiluk plans an FFe for haproxy

 16:04 <rbasak> Thanks chiluk!

 16:05 <ahasenack> chiluk: for the reload bit?

 16:05 <chiluk> yep

 16:05 <ddstreet> rbasak nothing from me or slashd as far as i know

 16:05 <chiluk> I tried to get it finished last week, but things just didn't happen.

 16:05 <rbasak> Thanks ddstreet!

 16:05 <rbasak> #info No updates on this topic from slashd or ddstreet

 16:05 <rbasak> #topic Weekly Updates & Questions for the QA Team (powersj)

 16:05 <powersj> Last week got mirroring of Launchpad recipe build results into our jenkins and attended the cloud-init summit.

 16:06 <powersj> This week more cloud-init work on generic integration tests

 16:06 <powersj> questions comments?

 16:07 <rbasak> #link https://jenkins.ubuntu.com/server/

 16:07 <rbasak> #info Last week got mirroring of Launchpad recipe build results into our jenkins and attended the cloud-init summit.

 16:07 <cpaelzer> I wanted to add on the testing

 16:07 <rbasak> #info This week more cloud-init work on generic integration tests

 16:08 <cpaelzer> I analyzed the current failing cases on the server jenkisn virt cases  - all are current known cases and I hope to resolve them by fixing up artful

 16:08 <cpaelzer> but I have a reglar schedule to check and improve so it will converge on green at some point in time

 16:08 <powersj> o/ woohoo thanks cpaelzer

 16:08 <rbasak> #info cpaelzer analyzed the current failing cases on the server jenkins virt cases. All are current known cases and he hopes to resolve them by fixing up artful

 16:08 <rbasak> Thanks cpaelzer and powersj!

 16:08 <rbasak> #topic Weekly Updates & Questions for the Kernel Team (smb, sforshee)

 16:09 <smb> Nothing new from kernel directly, but I had a few things outside kernel which I wanted to mention:

 16:09 <smb> One is that we observed some test failures of ubuntu-fan on

 16:09 <smb> s390x. The reasons for those I suspect beyond fan or kernel.

 16:09 <smb> I believe this is because I set up the two guests which show

 16:09 <smb> issues, using netplan. The result is that resolv.conf now

 16:09 <smb> only has systemd-resolvd as nameserver. And I suspect, but

 16:09 <smb> no proof yet, that for some reason that maybe rejects queries

 16:09 <smb> issued from within docker (and maybe lxc, too) containers.

 16:09 <smb> I would file a LP bug if this is not something known already.

 16:09 <smb> - Second, flashcache: thats a (dkms) package which used to

 16:09 <smb> provide some way to add a SSD/NVMe cache to a spinning block

 16:09 <rbasak> #info Nothing new from kernel directly

 16:09 <smb> device (mostly like bcache but without adding meta-data

 16:09 <smb> anywhere). It is no longer comiling with 4.12/4.13 kernels,

 16:09 <smb> which actually is a good thing. Problem is this is abandoned

 16:09 <smb> upstream and when I "fixed" the compile to work with some

 16:09 <smb> pretty heavy upstream kernel changes, I actually converted

 16:09 <smb> it into a complicated /dev/null for any kernel between 4.8

 16:09 <smb> and 4.11. So plan is to pretty soon make it not compile at

 16:09 <rbasak> #info some observed some test failures of ubuntu-fan on s390x

 16:09 <smb> all for those kernels. If there is some documentation any-

 16:09 <smb> where which should be updated, please let me know. Does

 16:09 <smb> not need to be here.

 16:09 <smb> Ok, thats all I had. Are there any other questions?

 16:10 <xnox> smb, is ubuntu-fan at all supported, since i did not think we ever released anything for z with ubuntu-fan support?

 16:10 <rbasak> #info flashcache: thats a (dkms) package which used to provide some way to add a SSD/NVMe cache to a spinning block device: no longer compiling

 16:10 <xnox> smb, and no, nothing of the sort is known yet. Then again I do not believe anybody has tried using ubuntu-fan on s390x.

 16:10 <smb> xnox, its a generic package and the smoke test was working before

 16:11 <xnox> smb, my understanding it was aws specific, yet the reason for ubuntu-fan is now moot.

 16:11 <smb> xnox, also note that I do not think its a problem of the package

 16:11 <xnox> ack,

 16:11 <smb> xnox, its failing because docker cannot resolve dns names

 16:11 <xnox> smb, finding and fixing bugs is always good. and docker not doing resolvy things sounds bad.

 16:12 <smb> xnox, ack, so I will file something soonish and subscribe you to it for the know

 16:14 <rbasak> Thanks smb and xnox!

 16:14 <cpaelzer> ah smb you remember I mentioned https://lists.gnu.org/archive/html/qemu-devel/2017-08/msg05286.html

 16:14 <cpaelzer> It seems to be to "only" be queued to 4.14 and -stable

 16:14 <smb> cpaelzer, I remember you mentioned it but I might have blanked for what reason

 16:14 <cpaelzer> but the impact of this could be huge, so you probably want that on release instead of SRU'ing later

 16:15 <cpaelzer> TL;DR Bug, solution is disable empty zero-page for KVm on s390x

 16:15 <cpaelzer> which on a bunch of guests not fully using their mem can be quite a lot of extra mem

 16:15 <sforshee> cpaelzer: best thing to do is file a bug and subscribe me

 16:15 <cpaelzer> but the assumption is that real guests over time consume (cache) all their mem anyway

 16:15 <cpaelzer> I'll do so sforshee

 16:16 <sforshee> cpaelzer: actually just assign it to me

 16:16 <cpaelzer> it was only heads up before, but yeah a bug might be good at this point

 16:16 <smb> Ah I was about to say something like that. Or submit the patch as [unstable] ... to kernel-team mailing list

 16:17 <smb> but bug reports are alway a good thing to remember stuff at that stage

 16:18 <rbasak> #topic Upcoming Call For Papers

 16:18 <rbasak> #link https://lwn.net/Calendar/Monthly/cfp/

 16:18 <rbasak> #link http://www.open-zfs.org/wiki/OpenZFS_Developer_Summit

 16:19 <rbasak> I see that the deadline for this is #link http://www.open-zfs.org/wiki/OpenZFS_Developer_Summit

 16:19 <rbasak> Uh, Sep 4, 2017

 16:19 <rbasak> Any other CfPs to mention?

 16:20 <rbasak> #topic Ubuntu Server Team Events

 16:20 <rbasak> Any upcoming events?

 16:20 <rbasak> #info No upcoming events were mentioned

 16:20 <rbasak> #topic Open Discussion

 16:20 <rbasak> AOB?

 16:20 <rbasak> #info No further discussion

 16:20 <rbasak> #topic Announce next meeting date, time and chair

 16:21 <rbasak> #info Next meeting: Tue  5 Sep 16:00:00 UTC 2017

 16:21 <rbasak> #info smoser will chair

 16:21 <rbasak> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)