== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 19 Oct at 17:04 &mdash; 17:45 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2017/ubuntu-meeting.2017-10-19-17.04.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * wxl (50)
 * flexiondotorg (45)
 * elopio (38)
 * jose (14)
 * elacheche (11)
 * popey (7)
 * ahoneybun (3)
 * meetingology (3)
 * chiluk (2)



== Full Log ==


 17:04 <flexiondotorg> #startmeeting

 17:04 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Oct 19 17:04:40 2017 UTC.  The chair is flexiondotorg. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 17:04 <meetingology> 

 17:04 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 17:04 <flexiondotorg> Right, let's see who could make it :-)

 17:05 <flexiondotorg> elopio jose wxl ahoneybun elacheche marcoceppi You all here?

 17:05 <wxl> yes

 17:05 <elacheche> +1 elopio.. I'd like to plan a meeting with the LC members a while after the new team is chosen.. We have a big issue in keeping active LoCos and contributors.. We need to change something..

 17:06 <elopio> yes

 17:06 <ahoneybun> here

 17:06 <flexiondotorg> I'm sure I saw jose earlier too.

 17:08 <flexiondotorg> So, I was talking about moving the agenda prep, meeting summaries and CC information to the Ubuntu Community Hub last time.

 17:08 <flexiondotorg> I have madea start on that, but didn't finish.

 17:08 <flexiondotorg> We have a category over there and half the content from the wiki is moved.

 17:08 <flexiondotorg> Tomorrow I'll complete that.

 17:08 <ahoneybun> cool thanks flexiondotorg

 17:09 <flexiondotorg> And post a meeting summary for this meeting an open an agenda for the next neeting so we can ask for feedback/ideas etc.

 17:10 <wxl> excellent

 17:10 <elopio> +1. Thank you flexiondotorg

 17:10 <flexiondotorg> So, is everyone signed up on the hub?

 17:10 <wxl> i think moving forward, that's the number one thing we can do: be approachable to the community and transparent in our work

 17:10 * wxl is

 17:10 <flexiondotorg> +1

 17:10 <elopio> flexiondotorg: you didn't post the summary for the past meeting. Do you want me to do it so you can continue with your plan?

 17:11 <wxl> yes, that would be imperative

 17:11 <flexiondotorg> elopio: Feel free to post your summary notes in the Hub.

 17:11 <wxl> i had thought someone (elopio?) offered to translate???

 17:11 <flexiondotorg> I'm an admin there and I'll add anything from mine that is relevant.

 17:11 <flexiondotorg> I'm going to make a meeting template.

 17:12 <elopio> wxl: I translated the full log.

 17:12 <wxl> you are amazing, sir :)

 17:12 <elopio> I will post the summary, and translate it too. I can do it for this meeting also.

 17:12 <flexiondotorg> Brilliant!

 17:13 <flexiondotorg> So, other topics we discussed last time were potentially using video/voice calls.

 17:13 <flexiondotorg> Anyone got thoughts on that?

 17:13 <wxl> for the community, correct?

 17:13 <flexiondotorg> Well, I wasn't clear on that.

 17:13 <elopio> I have opinions there! Anybody wants to go before me?

 17:13 <wxl> well let's start by separating this

 17:14 <wxl> let's first talk about doing video/voice calls as a way of providing a platform for the community to reach us

 17:14 <wxl> that said, go for it, elopio

 17:14 <elopio> so, I have been talking with a few people from locos

 17:15 <elopio> on the last meeting, I assumed that video meetings for the council would be approved by everybody, but that clearly didn't happen. After talking with them, now I have a proposal:

 17:16 <elopio> - Let's keep these two council meetings per month on text/IRC.

 17:16 <elopio> - Let's start video meetings with people from locos every other week.

 17:16 <elopio> My idea is something like ubuntu hour, every other friday. We can have two different hours, one for americas, one for europe. Maybe we can add one more later.

 17:17 <jose> unless it's voluntary, I'm not sure I like the idea. video meetings just add another barrier, on top if the language one.

 17:17 <wxl> my feeling: i don't love video. i'll do it if need be, but my preference is definitely irc or some text platform. there were some comments from flocculant that agreed with that notion

 17:17 <elopio> We tell all the locos to join a hangout at that time. Ideally, we are all at a meeting place, cafe, bar, coworking, so we can invite people to attend.

 17:17 <wxl> that said, i would like us to offer BOTH

 17:17 <wxl> because there are some people that like video

 17:18 <elopio> oh, totally voluntary. If you want to host an ubuntu hour, we just suggest you to do it at the same time. So we can start working together, and talking, and having fun.

 17:18 <wxl> the primary way to reach us would be through these meetings but we could also do a "follow up" meeting

 17:18 <jose> the mailing list should also work to contact us

 17:18 <elopio> so, my proposal is distributed Ubuntu hour connected through hangouts, every other firdday.

 17:19 <wxl> i think the idea of having an additional video meeting is good as a way to invite people to reach us

 17:19 <wxl> we've been inviting people to email us for years

 17:19 <wxl> but obviously the emails aren't coming in

 17:19 <elacheche> I don't like video, but, if this will help solve some LoCos related issues, I'd like to be part of it!

 17:19 <ahoneybun> Videos are good put depends on the platform for some people

 17:20 <jose> don't leave email behind. real time communication is great, but what happens when we're not online?

 17:20 <wxl> to be clear: +1 for adding video as an additional form of communication and having a separate meeting for that purpose

 17:21 <wxl> also to be further clear: i do not want to stop these meetings nor email. these should be our PRIMARY form of communication

 17:21 <wxl> of course, i'm old. i like text. we live in a world dominated by video. we are going to get people through video that we wouldn't otherwise

 17:22 <jose> so, cover all our bases

 17:22 <wxl> yes

 17:22 <wxl> all the base are belong to us

 17:22 <jose> I'm not old but I don't like video because it introduces a language and time barrier.

 17:23 <elopio> jose: for offline communication, we now have the awesome hub!

 17:23 <jose> well, I wouldn't take that for CC communications.

 17:23 <elopio> my proposal last week was to replace textual meetings. My proposal this week is to meet on video additionally.

 17:24 <wxl> i agree with that proposal

 17:24 <jose> well

 17:24 <elopio> jose: if somebody needs to talk to us privately, she can send an email. If the discussion is public, it should be on the hub, per last meeting discussion.

 17:24 <jose> the CC used to have these monthly meetings, as well as bi-weekly meetings on hangouts

 17:24 <wxl> and i really want us to work more towards transparency. i don't want to hide our conversations unless we need to protect someone's privacy.

 17:25 <elacheche> +1 wxl

 17:25 <jose> now, transparency doesn't mean we have to host everything publicly. it's more about providing key information.

 17:25 <jose> it's no use if we have a one-hour video online if we just rumble about things

 17:25 <flexiondotorg> Just an FYI, we can't embed YouTube videos in the Ubuntu Communty Hub.

 17:25 <jose> instead, a detailed report with key items works better

 17:25 <wxl> rumbling about things is a great way to guage the community

 17:26 <wxl> we're not here to serve the community council

 17:26 <wxl> we're here to serve the community

 17:26 <jose> per onair metrics, people don't watch more than 10m of video

 17:26 <jose> actually, I would like to see the onair metrics before we move forward

 17:26 <elopio> jose: I'm not proposing video council meetings anymore. I'm proposing informal video chats with the people who want to join.

 17:26 <wxl> yes, elopio, yes

 17:27 <wxl> i would like to move forward with the experiment and then take metrics of that

 17:27 <wxl> onair is not necessarily indicitive of what we'd be doing

 17:27 <jose> I have to drop now but I'll write in later

 17:27 * chiluk is lurking.

 17:27 <elopio> hello chiluk :)

 17:28 <chiluk> So you guys mentioned the hub, but what's the link to it?

 17:28 <elopio> community.ubuntu.com

 17:28 <elopio> so, who would like to join the ubuntu hour on air experiment next friday?

 17:29 <flexiondotorg> Friday's a tricky for me because we often schedule other events then.

 17:29 <elopio> with a couple of us, we can see how it goes and then decide if it's worth to keep promoting it.

 17:29 <elopio> flexiondotorg: would you like us to try a different day, or to go ahead without you?

 17:30 <elacheche> elopio: time?

 17:30 <flexiondotorg> We what works for most people?

 17:30 <flexiondotorg> There will be Fridays I can make it.

 17:30 <elopio> elacheche: I'm thinking a couple of hours after lunch time. I don't know, for this side of the world maybe 19 UTC.

 17:31 <wxl> i'm game

 17:31 <flexiondotorg> So, who can help with that ^

 17:31 <wxl> although i sure wish we'd use matrix grumble grumble grumble

 17:31 <elopio> or maybe even later, 21UTC. For europe/africa, you will have to decide what's best.

 17:31 <elacheche> 7pm UTC, That's great for me..

 17:31 <elacheche> anything after 7pm utc is good to me

 17:31 <flexiondotorg> OK, so that is three of us.

 17:31 <wxl> i can do that i think

 17:32 <elopio> wxl: I would love to use matrix. But sadly, that excludes me :( There's no way I can make it with my bandwidth

 17:32 <wxl> bummer, elopio :(

 17:32 <flexiondotorg> So elopio will you own organising those?

 17:32 <elopio> alright, let's start with 19 UTC next week, and see what happens.

 17:32 <elopio> flexiondotorg: yes, well, the first one. :) I'll need help with the following ones.

 17:33 <wxl> also i'd like to define organizing as getting the word out

 17:33 <elacheche> elopio: my bandwidth is very bad too, but I'll try

 17:33 <wxl> this is something we should broadcast far and wide. across all community mailing lists. the forums. community.u.c. everywher.e

 17:33 <elopio> elacheche: you'll probably be fine with google hangouts. Worst case, you will be audio only. But we can test it before.

 17:34 <elacheche> No problem :) :)

 17:34 <flexiondotorg> elopio: Thoughts about using the Hub to gather agenda feedback for LoCo meeting?

 17:34 <popey> +1 from me :)

 17:34 <elopio> flexiondotorg: do you mean council or loco meeting?

 17:34 <popey> I would love there to be more event and loco based activity there

 17:34 <flexiondotorg> wxl Yes, some else we discussed is broadening the social reach of the CC.

 17:34 <wxl> please organize a test time with us, elopio. preferably not 5 minutes before the meeting XD

 17:34 <flexiondotorg> ANd I'll do the social thing.

 17:35 <flexiondotorg> Who can own posting to the MLs?

 17:35 <elopio> wxl: will do. And let's try together to make the invitation reach everybody.

 17:35 <wxl> i can do it if elopio gets the details together and emails me

 17:35 <wxl> s/it/the MLs/

 17:36 <elopio> flexiondotorg: anyway, I'm +1 on using the forum for everything. After this meeting I can also start a topic to gather agenda items for the following one.

 17:36 <elopio> sorry, not forum, hub.

 17:36 <elopio> honest mistake. :S

 17:36 <flexiondotorg> elopio: OK, that's fine. Do you mind if I edit that though?

 17:36 <elopio> flexiondotorg: I do not.

 17:37 <wxl> um, community is discourse, right?

 17:37 <flexiondotorg> I'd like to start to create a template for this stuff, to keep things consistent and easy to do in the future.

 17:37 <elopio> that's very nice of you.

 17:37 <elacheche> wxl: yep

 17:37 <elopio> wxl yes, the community hub is discourse.

 17:38 <wxl> i'm surprised is doesn't do youtube embeds

 17:38 <popey> Known issue with firewalls.

 17:38 <wxl> ahhhh

 17:38 <popey> I'm working with IS to get it fixed

 17:38 <flexiondotorg> wxl Discourse does. But security requirements for our hosted stuff doesn't.

 17:38 <popey> it's on the radar

 17:38 <elopio> thank you popey.

 17:38 <wxl> popey: you're the man :)

 17:42 <flexiondotorg> Anyone got anything else they want to discuss?

 17:42 <wxl> not right now

 17:43 <elacheche> same here

 17:43 <flexiondotorg> OK, then shall we call this to a close.

 17:43 <flexiondotorg> elopio: and I can get the Hub ready for business and we can better prepare for the next meeting and LoCo out reach.

 17:44 <wxl> thanks everyone

 17:44 <popey> flexiondotorg: i can help you

 17:44 <wxl> i'm glad to see we're getting our footing on us

 17:44 <wxl> s/on/under/

 17:44 <popey> flexiondotorg: lets set aside an hour tomorrow to do it?

 17:44 <flexiondotorg> popey: Thanks!

 17:44 <wxl> i look forward to making ubuntu better, together

 17:44 <flexiondotorg> Well, if there is no more.

 17:44 <flexiondotorg> Shall we close this meeting in 5...

 17:45 <flexiondotorg> 4...

 17:45 <flexiondotorg> 3...

 17:45 <elacheche> Thanks guys! Have a good day/night

 17:45 <flexiondotorg> 2...

 17:45 <wxl> be well folks :)

 17:45 <flexiondotorg> 1...

 17:45 <flexiondotorg> Thanks everyone

 17:45 <flexiondotorg> #stopmeeting

 17:45 <flexiondotorg> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)