== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting: ubuntu-server-team, 17 Jan at 16:00 &mdash; 16:32 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2017/ubuntu-meeting.2017-01-17-16.00.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Server & Cloud Bugs & SRU/Pending Uploads (caribou) ===
The discussion about "Server & Cloud Bugs & SRU/Pending Uploads (caribou)" started at 16:00.

  * ''ACTION:'' caribou to verify with Huang if the Trusty Target is still required for bug 1640676
  * cpaelzer will upload multipath in about 1.5 weeks from now

=== Review ACTION points from previous meeting ===
The discussion about "Review ACTION points from previous meeting" started at 16:11.

  * There were no action points from the previous meeting.

=== Development Release ===
The discussion about "Development Release" started at 16:11.

  * ''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ZestyZapus/ReleaseSchedule 
  * About a month to feature freeze now. I know we still have a bunch of outstanding work items for feature freeze, including merges.
  * ''LINK:'' https://blueprints.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+spec/servercloud-z-server-core 

=== Weekly Updates & Questions for the QA Team (powersj) ===
The discussion about "Weekly Updates & Questions for the QA Team (powersj)" started at 16:14.

  * ppc64el smoketest gating is blocked on infrastructure
  * cpaelzer has been working on the ppc qmeu migration tests

=== Weekly Updates & Questions for the Kernel Team (smb, sforshee) ===
The discussion about "Weekly Updates & Questions for the Kernel Team (smb, sforshee)" started at 16:16.

  * Target for zesty is 4.10

=== Upcoming Call For Papers ===
The discussion about "Upcoming Call For Papers" started at 16:21.

  * ''LINK:'' https://lwn.net/Calendar/Monthly/cfp/ 

=== Ubuntu Server Team Events ===
The discussion about "Ubuntu Server Team Events" started at 16:21.


=== Open Discussion ===
The discussion about "Open Discussion" started at 16:23.

  * ''LINK:'' https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-devel/2017-January/039643.html 
  * RFC: proposal to remove net-tools from ubuntu-minimal
  * ''LINK:'' https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-devel/2017-January/039643.html 

=== Announce next meeting date, time and chair ===
The discussion about "Announce next meeting date, time and chair" started at 16:31.

  * Next meeting: Tue Jan 24 16:00:00 UTC 2017
  * Next chair: jamespage



== Vote results ==




== Action items, by person ==

 * caribou
  * caribou to verify with Huang if the Trusty Target is still required for bug 1640676



== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * rbasak (57)
 * caribou (33)
 * cpaelzer (33)
 * jgrimm (21)
 * ubottu (19)
 * smoser (11)
 * powersj (7)
 * smb (5)
 * meetingology (4)



== Full Log ==


 16:00 <rbasak> #startmeeting ubuntu-server-team

 16:00 <meetingology> Meeting started Tue Jan 17 16:00:24 2017 UTC.  The chair is rbasak. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:00 <meetingology> 

 16:00 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 16:00 <cpaelzer> o/

 16:00 <rbasak> o/

 16:00 <powersj> o/

 16:00 <jgrimm> o/

 16:00 <rbasak> caribou isn't around for long, so let's start with his item.

 16:00 <rbasak> #topic Server & Cloud Bugs & SRU/Pending Uploads (caribou)

 16:00 <rbasak> caribou: over to you!

 16:01 <caribou> wow that was quick

 16:01 <jgrimm> heh

 16:01 <caribou> let me break the list so I don't flood the channel :

 16:01 <cpaelzer> that sounds like a lot going on

 16:01 <caribou> LP: #1298061 - (nova) nova should allow evacuate for an instance in the Error state

 16:01 <caribou> LP: #1356211 - (sosreport) cannot collect rotated syslog.1

 16:01 <caribou> LP: #1366103 - (sosreport) sosreport doesn't collect all data from /etc/apparmor.d/

 16:01 <caribou> LP: #1447695 - (sosreport) sosreport 3.2 does not collect systemd information

 16:01 <caribou> LP: #1447715 - (ifupdown) dhclient -6: Can't bind to dhcp address: Cannot assign requested address

 16:01 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1298061 in nova (Ubuntu Trusty) "nova should allow evacuate for an instance in the Error state" [Medium,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1298061

 16:02 <caribou> LP: #1579609 - (os-prober) os-prober bug resulting in possible FS corruption

 16:02 <caribou> LP: #1605243 - (sosreport) iscsi initiator related configs and logs are not recorded

 16:02 <caribou> LP: #1614052 - (sosreport) SOSREPORT need to collect OPAL msglog

 16:02 <caribou> LP: #1621340 - (multipath-tools) [SRU]'multipath -r' causes /dev/mapper/<wwid> being removed

 16:02 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1356211 in sosreport (Ubuntu Trusty) "cannot collect rotated syslog.1" [Medium,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1356211

 16:02 <caribou> LP: #1640382 - (qemu) Segfault event notifier because of race condition

 16:02 <caribou> LP: #1640676 - (libvirt) [SRU] libvirt 1.2.12 live-migration corrupts some instances

 16:02 <caribou> LP: #1642903 - (systemd) introduce disk/by-id (model_serial) symlinks for NVMe drives

 16:02 <caribou> LP: #1647485 - (systemd) NVMe symlinks broken by devices with spaces in model or serial strings

 16:02 <caribou> LP: #1648901 - (krb5) SPNEGO crash on mechanism failure

 16:02 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1366103 in sosreport (Ubuntu Trusty) "sosreport doesn't collect all data from /etc/apparmor.d/" [Medium,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1366103

 16:02 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1447695 in sosreport (Ubuntu Trusty) "sosreport 3.2 does not collect systemd information" [Medium,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1447695

 16:02 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1447715 in ifupdown (Ubuntu Xenial) "dhclient -6: Can't bind to dhcp address: Cannot assign requested address" [Medium,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1447715

 16:02 <caribou> The first nova SRU does't really belong here though

 16:02 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1579609 in os-prober (Ubuntu Xenial) "os-prober bug resulting in possible FS corruption" [Critical,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1579609

 16:02 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1605243 in sosreport (Ubuntu Yakkety) "iscsi initiator related configs and logs are not recorded" [Medium,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1605243

 16:02 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1614052 in sosreport (Ubuntu Yakkety) "SOSREPORT need to collect OPAL msglog" [Medium,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1614052

 16:02 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1621340 in multipath-tools (Ubuntu Xenial) "[SRU]'multipath -r' causes /dev/mapper/<wwid> being removed" [Medium,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1621340

 16:02 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1640382 in qemu (Ubuntu Trusty) "Segfault event notifier because of race condition" [Medium,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1640382

 16:02 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1640676 in libvirt (Ubuntu Trusty) "[SRU] libvirt 1.2.12 live-migration corrupts some instances" [High,Incomplete] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1640676

 16:02 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1642903 in systemd (Ubuntu Trusty) "introduce disk/by-id (model_serial) symlinks for NVMe drives" [Wishlist,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1642903

 16:02 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1647485 in systemd (Ubuntu Trusty) "NVMe symlinks broken by devices with spaces in model or serial strings" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1647485

 16:02 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1648901 in krb5 (Ubuntu Xenial) "SPNEGO crash on mechanism failure" [Medium,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1648901

 16:02 <caribou> been doing some work on sosreport today to catch up with old issues

 16:03 <caribou> that's about it

 16:03 <cpaelzer> I heard that coreycb looks into sponsoring the nova one

 16:04 <rbasak> Thanks caribou!

 16:04 <rbasak> Does anyone have any questions?

 16:04 <jgrimm> nope

 16:04 <cpaelzer> checking on bugs

 16:04 <cpaelzer> I think I heard of all I'm affected already

 16:04 <cpaelzer> here

 16:04 <cpaelzer> bug 1640676

 16:04 <ubottu> bug 1640676 in libvirt (Ubuntu Trusty) "[SRU] libvirt 1.2.12 live-migration corrupts some instances" [High,Incomplete] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1640676

 16:04 <cpaelzer> caribou: what is left to do there

 16:05 <cpaelzer> it is rather unclear on this one

 16:05 <caribou> cpaelzer: I will have to check on this one

 16:05 <cpaelzer> It was targetted for kilo UCA

 16:05 <cpaelzer> TBC is if that should go to trusty

 16:06 <cpaelzer> if so let Hua calrify and prep a debdiff I can review test and sponsor

 16:06 <cpaelzer> otherwise et him set the incomplete trusty to won't fix if that is ok

 16:06 <caribou> cpaelzer: the Trusty target might be there only to allow for UCA SRU; I'll check with him

 16:07 <cpaelzer> great

 16:07 <caribou> rbasak: can you please add an action for me on this ?

 16:07 <cpaelzer> rbasak: caribou: bug 1640382 was sponsored and verified, wait migration

 16:07 <ubottu> bug 1640382 in qemu (Ubuntu Trusty) "Segfault event notifier because of race condition" [Medium,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1640382

 16:07 <caribou> rbasak: ok, I'll clear the tag

 16:07 <cpaelzer> anything caribou or xtrusia can do to track or speed up migration?

 16:07 <rbasak> caribou: sure. What should it say exactly? I'm not sure I follow.

 16:08 <caribou> rbasak: [ACTION] caribou to verify with Huang if the Trusty Target is still required for bug 1640676

 16:08 <ubottu> bug 1640676 in libvirt (Ubuntu Trusty) "[SRU] libvirt 1.2.12 live-migration corrupts some instances" [High,Incomplete] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1640676

 16:08 <rbasak> #action caribou to verify with Huang if the Trusty Target is still required for bug 1640676

 16:08 * meetingology caribou to verify with Huang if the Trusty Target is still required for bug 1640676

 16:09 <cpaelzer> caribou: and finally for bug 1621340 I'll upload multipath in about 1.5 weeks from now as-is - or with some tweaks - depends if rbasak or cyphermox can find time for a deeper review

 16:09 <ubottu> bug 1621340 in multipath-tools (Ubuntu Xenial) "[SRU]'multipath -r' causes /dev/mapper/<wwid> being removed" [Medium,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1621340

 16:09 <caribou> cpaelzer: good to know, thanks!

 16:10 * cpaelzer stops stalling this now

 16:10 <cpaelzer> but I wanted to help syncing on that

 16:10 <caribou> :)

 16:10 <caribou> tbh, this is what this list is for

 16:11 <rbasak> #info cpaelzer will upload multipath in about 1.5 weeks from now

 16:11 <rbasak> #topic Review ACTION points from previous meeting

 16:11 <rbasak> #info There were no action points from the previous meeting.

 16:11 <rbasak> #topic Development Release

 16:11 <rbasak> #link https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ZestyZapus/ReleaseSchedule

 16:12 <rbasak> #info About a month to feature freeze now. I know we still have a bunch of outstanding work items for feature freeze, including merges.

 16:12 <jgrimm> cpaelzer is working on qemu

 16:12 <rbasak> #link https://blueprints.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+spec/servercloud-z-server-core

 16:12 <rbasak> Any comments?

 16:12 <jgrimm> actively

 16:12 <rbasak> I'm nearly done with squid.

 16:12 <jgrimm> \o/

 16:13 <rbasak> I've been working with Lars upstream and we've merged mysql-5.7 and mysql-defaults now. They're not migrated yet - big dep8 backlog.

 16:13 <jgrimm> we've gotten a bunch of the more complicated ones done, or in progress. that's a very nice place to be one month out

 16:14 <rbasak> #topic Weekly Updates & Questions for the QA Team (powersj)

 16:14 <rbasak> powersj: o/

 16:14 <cpaelzer> just marked dovecot (done) and removed the duplicate on tgt 8done as well)

 16:14 <powersj> Last week lots of cloud-init work in the form of getting ready to add the KVM backend to the integration tests (thanks again for the input on that), reviewing Wes' merge request, and working on unit tests.

 16:14 <powersj> This week is a short one for me so the plan is to review Wesley's latest merge request, review some jenkins failures, and spend more time on unit tests and trying to wrap up bug triage of 2016.

 16:14 <powersj> questions? comments?

 16:15 <jgrimm> powersj, ppc64el smoketest gating?

 16:15 <cpaelzer> powersj: just FYI to everybody I was hacking a bit on the ppc qmeu migration tests

 16:15 <powersj> jgrimm: no still waiting on RT to gain access to jenkins

 16:15 <cpaelzer> not yet fully functioning, will work with powersj on it but at low/medium prio for now

 16:15 <powersj> cpaelzer: yeah saw, but haven't read, your email yet :P

 16:15 <jgrimm> powersj, ok, you may want to ping that RT

 16:15 <powersj> jgrimm: will do (did once last week) I think I need to get thepriority raised again

 16:15 <jgrimm> thanks

 16:16 <rbasak> #info ppc64el smoketest gating is blocked on infrastructure

 16:16 <rbasak> #info cpaelzer has been working on the ppc qmeu migration tests

 16:16 <rbasak> Thanks powersj!

 16:16 <rbasak> #topic Weekly Updates & Questions for the Kernel Team (smb, sforshee)

 16:16 <smb> Nothing to report (guess kernel version 4.9 in zesty is old news, target for zesty is 4.10). Are there any questions?

 16:16 <rbasak> #info Target for zesty is 4.10

 16:17 <caribou> smb: would be good to find someone to look after the crash pkg

 16:17 <smb> caribou, Oh right

 16:17 <caribou> smb: current version fails to open 4.8 & newer kernels

 16:17 <caribou> smb: I got a debdiff ready for this, but it still needs some loving care

 16:18 <smb> caribou, Point me to the debdiff and I look who could handle it

 16:18 <caribou> LP: #1655625

 16:18 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1655625 in makedumpfile (Ubuntu Xenial) "ISST-LTE:pVM:roselp4:ubuntu 16.04.2: vmcore cannot be analysed by crash" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1655625

 16:19 <caribou> smb: I'll wave at you once I get everything ready

 16:19 <smb> caribou, ok, thanks

 16:19 <caribou> smb: newer crash will still need merging in zesty otherwise it'll bite us

 16:20 <smb> yeah, I can believe that

 16:21 <rbasak> OK, thanks all!

 16:21 <rbasak> #topic Upcoming Call For Papers

 16:21 <rbasak> #link https://lwn.net/Calendar/Monthly/cfp/

 16:21 <rbasak> Anything to mention?

 16:21 <rbasak> #topic Ubuntu Server Team Events

 16:21 <rbasak> Anything to mention?

 16:22 <rbasak> I know FOSDEM is coming up. Anyone going?

 16:22 <jgrimm> lxd team

 16:23 <rbasak> Great. Thanks jgrimm!

 16:23 <rbasak> #topic Open Discussion

 16:23 <jgrimm> https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-devel/2017-January/039643.html

 16:24 <jgrimm> anyone give this any thought yet? ^^

 16:24 <rbasak> #info RFC: proposal to remove net-tools from ubuntu-minimal

 16:24 <rbasak> #link https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-devel/2017-January/039643.html

 16:24 <rbasak> I don't see any issue with it.

 16:25 <rbasak> I'm sure we'll have users complaining ifconfig doesn't work come the next LTS, but they will still be able to install it manually.

 16:25 <jgrimm> may have to double check our packages for correct dependencies

 16:26 <cpaelzer> what would you think of a ifconfig semi-compat wrapper

 16:26 <cpaelzer> as an alternative when net-tools are not installed

 16:26 <rbasak> That's basically what ifconfig already is, no?

 16:26 <cpaelzer> hehe

 16:26 <jgrimm> heh

 16:26 <cpaelzer> I thought a <1k script that makes "please use this instead" or so

 16:26 <cpaelzer> maybe not worth the effort

 16:27 <rbasak> command-not-found should still work.

 16:27 <rbasak> $ sudo ifconfig ...

 16:27 <cpaelzer> just came to my mind reading (and I agree) "we'll have users complaining ifconfig doesn't work come the next LTS"

 16:27 <jgrimm> right

 16:27 <rbasak> "Please install net-tools"

 16:27 <cpaelzer> that is the problem

 16:27 <cpaelzer> I'd like to see

 16:27 <cpaelzer> $ sudo ifconfig

 16:27 <cpaelzer> "Please install net-tools or better ise the ip suite see XYZ"

 16:27 <jgrimm> cpaelzer, command-not-found not sufficient?

 16:28 <cpaelzer> for deprecated things it lacks a way to "announce" the successor

 16:28 <rbasak> I wonder if cnf can handle custom messages.

 16:28 <rbasak> If not, perhaps that's a feature request for it?

 16:28 <jgrimm> ah

 16:28 <rbasak> A similar thing for /usr/bin/python might be appropriate too.

 16:29 <smoser> i think a deprecated message might be better placed in the thing itself

 16:29 <smoser> rather than in some thing unrelated

 16:29 <smoser> ie

 16:29 <smoser> $ sudo ifconfiug

 16:29 <smoser> $ sudo ifconfig

 16:29 <smoser> <cnf says 'install ifconfig witih net-tools'>

 16:29 <rbasak> Let's take this to the ubuntu-devel ML.

 16:29 <smoser> $ sudo apt-get install net-tools

 16:30 <jgrimm> +1

 16:30 <jgrimm> rbasak, ^^

 16:30 <smoser> $ ifconfig

 16:30 <smoser> <stderr>: this is deprecated

 16:30 <smoser> ...

 16:30 <smoser> i'm fine to take to ml, just finishing my thought,.

 16:30 <jgrimm> yep! all good

 16:31 <rbasak> smoser: I agree with your proposed UX; I just think that the implementation could be inside cnf.

 16:31 <rbasak> Anyway.

 16:31 * rbasak loses the agenda

 16:31 <rbasak> Ah

 16:31 <rbasak> #topic Announce next meeting date, time and chair

 16:32 <rbasak> #info Next meeting: Tue Jan 24 16:00:00 UTC 2017

 16:32 <rbasak> #info Next chair: jamespage

 16:32 <rbasak> (says the rota)

 16:32 <rbasak> Thanks all!

 16:32 <rbasak> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)