== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting: ubuntu-server-team, 02 May at 16:04 &mdash; 16:22 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2017/ubuntu-meeting.2017-05-02-16.04.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Review ACTION points from previous meeting ===
The discussion about "Review ACTION points from previous meeting" started at 16:05.

  * ''ACTION:'' : rbasak, powersj, cpaelzer to draft mysql triage response page like nginx has (carried over)
  * ''ACTION:'' : nacc to write a release notes entry on ipv6 netboot
  * ''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ServerTeam/NGINX 
  * ''ACTION:'' : nacc to write a server guide entry on ipv6 netboot
  * ''ACTION:'' : rharper to write a server guide entry on v2 yaml support in cloud-init
  * ''ACTION:'' : rharper to write a release notes entry on v2 yaml support in cloud-init
  * ''DONE:'' : powersj to update copy and paste commands for IRC meeting to say artful
  * ''DONE:'' powersj to update copy and paste commands for IRC meeting to say artful
  * ''DONE:'' powersj to find out who owns bug tracking site, get artful link
  * ''DONE:'' : dpb1 to talk to kirkland re: old kernels

=== Artful Development ===
The discussion about "Artful Development" started at 16:11.

  * ''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ArtfulAardvark/ReleaseSchedule 
  * nginx 1.12.0 uploaded to artful
 * '''blueprints''' (16:13)
  * ''LINK:'' https://blueprints.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+spec/servercloud-aa-server-core 
 * '''Release Bugs''' (16:14)
  * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-aa-tracking-bug-tasks.html#ubuntu-server 

=== Server & Cloud Bugs & SRU/Pending Uploads (slashd) ===
The discussion about "Server & Cloud Bugs & SRU/Pending Uploads (slashd)" started at 16:15.

  * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-z-tracking-bug-tasks.html#ubuntu-server 
  * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-x-tracking-bug-tasks.html#ubuntu-server 
  * slashd sprinting this week, so not present, back May 16

=== Weekly Updates & Questions for the QA Team (powersj) ===
The discussion about "Weekly Updates & Questions for the QA Team (powersj)" started at 16:15.

  * ''LINK:'' https://jenkins.ubuntu.com/server/ 
  * ''LINK:'' https://code.launchpad.net/~powersj/utah/remove_cdromupgrade/+merge/323337 

=== Weekly Updates & Questions for the Kernel Team (smb, sforshee) ===
The discussion about "Weekly Updates & Questions for the Kernel Team (smb, sforshee)" started at 16:17.

  * nothing at the moment, please ping smb if something needs attention

=== Upcoming Call For Papers ===
The discussion about "Upcoming Call For Papers" started at 16:18.

  * ''LINK:'' https://lwn.net/Calendar/Monthly/cfp/ 

=== Ubuntu Server Team Events ===
The discussion about "Ubuntu Server Team Events" started at 16:18.


=== Open Discussion ===
The discussion about "Open Discussion" started at 16:20.

  * ''ACTION:'' : teward to add release notes blurb for nginx (1.10.x -> 1.12.x)
  * next bug squashing day this week

=== Announce next meeting date, time and chair ===
The discussion about "Announce next meeting date, time and chair" started at 16:21.




== Vote results ==




== Action items, by person ==

 * nacc
  * : nacc to write a release notes entry on ipv6 netboot
  * : nacc to write a server guide entry on ipv6 netboot
 * powersj
  * : rbasak, powersj, cpaelzer to draft mysql triage response page like nginx has (carried over)
 * rbasak
  * : rbasak, powersj, cpaelzer to draft mysql triage response page like nginx has (carried over)
 * rharper
  * : rharper to write a server guide entry on v2 yaml support in cloud-init
  * : rharper to write a release notes entry on v2 yaml support in cloud-init
 * teward
  * : teward to add release notes blurb for nginx (1.10.x -> 1.12.x)



== Done items ==

 * : powersj to update copy and paste commands for IRC meeting to say artful
 * powersj to update copy and paste commands for IRC meeting to say artful
 * powersj to find out who owns bug tracking site, get artful link
 * : dpb1 to talk to kirkland re: old kernels



== People present (lines said) ==

 * powersj (76)
 * rharper (12)
 * teward (11)
 * meetingology (9)
 * nacc (6)
 * ahasenack (6)
 * rbasak (2)
 * slashd (1)
 * smb (1)



== Full Log ==


 16:04 <powersj> #startmeeting ubuntu-server-team

 16:04 <meetingology> Meeting started Tue May  2 16:04:59 2017 UTC.  The chair is powersj. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:04 <meetingology> 

 16:04 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 16:05 <rharper> o/

 16:05 <powersj> #topic Review ACTION points from previous meeting

 16:05 * powersj rbasak, powersj, cpaelzer to draft mysql triage response page like nginx has (carried over)

 16:05 <powersj> I assume still carry over?

 16:05 <rbasak> Still outstanding :-/

 16:05 <powersj> I saw some new bugs, but nothing I wanted to add

 16:05 <powersj> ok

 16:05 <teward> Unrelated: I'm glad to see that i've set a standard for that heh.

 16:05 <powersj> :)

 16:05 <powersj> #ACTION: rbasak, powersj, cpaelzer to draft mysql triage response page like nginx has (carried over)

 16:05 * meetingology : rbasak, powersj, cpaelzer to draft mysql triage response page like nginx has (carried over)

 16:05 <ahasenack> where is the nginx triage page?

 16:05 <rbasak> I'm afraid it's quite far down my todo list at the moment :-/

 16:06 <powersj> ahasenack: https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ServerTeam/NGINX

 16:06 <ahasenack> thx

 16:06 <ahasenack> all caps

 16:06 <teward> or more specifically https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ServerTeam/NGINX#BugTriage if you want to jump to that section

 16:06 * powersj nacc to write a release notes entry on ipv6 netboot

 16:06 <teward> ahasenack: it's also linked on the Bug Squad Triage Guide for some special-case handling things.

 16:06 * powersj nacc to write a server guide entry on ipv6 netboot

 16:07 <teward> ahasenack: if you have any NGINX-triage-specific questions you can toss them my way, the nginx triage rules are pretty 'normal' except for a few cases.

 16:08 <nacc> powersj: please carry

 16:08 <powersj> #ACTION: nacc to write a release notes entry on ipv6 netboot

 16:08 * meetingology : nacc to write a release notes entry on ipv6 netboot

 16:08 <rharper> #ilnk https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ServerTeam/NGINX

 16:08 <rharper> #link https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ServerTeam/NGINX

 16:08 <powersj> #ACTION: nacc to write a server guide entry on ipv6 netboot

 16:08 * meetingology : nacc to write a server guide entry on ipv6 netboot

 16:08 <powersj> rharper: thx

 16:08 * powersj rharper to write a server guide entry on v2 yaml support in cloud-init

 16:08 * powersj rharper to write a release notes entry on v2 yaml support in cloud-init

 16:08 <rharper> carry

 16:08 <rharper> both

 16:08 <rharper> *sigh*

 16:08 <powersj> #ACTION: rharper to write a server guide entry on v2 yaml support in cloud-init

 16:08 * meetingology : rharper to write a server guide entry on v2 yaml support in cloud-init

 16:08 <powersj> #ACTION: rharper to write a release notes entry on v2 yaml support in cloud-init

 16:08 * meetingology : rharper to write a release notes entry on v2 yaml support in cloud-init

 16:09 * powersj powersj to update copy and paste commands for IRC meeting to say artful

 16:09 <powersj> done! (I think) we will find out if they all work today :)

 16:09 <rharper> ooh

 16:09 <rharper> you can # done it

 16:09 <rharper> I think

 16:09 * rharper has never used that

 16:09 <powersj> #done: powersj to update copy and paste commands for IRC meeting to say artful

 16:09 <powersj> hmm

 16:10 <powersj> #DONE powersj to update copy and paste commands for IRC meeting to say artful

 16:10 <nacc> heh

 16:10 <powersj> ok guess it doesn't echo it maybe

 16:10 <nacc> ISAIDDONE

 16:10 <nacc> where's dpb1 to yell something

 16:10 * powersj powersj to find out who owns bug tracking site, get artful link

 16:10 <powersj> this is also done :) and it is bdmurray who owns them and got me the artful link

 16:10 <powersj> #done powersj to find out who owns bug tracking site, get artful link

 16:11 * powersj dpb1 to talk to kirkland re: old kernels

 16:11 <powersj> I am going to mark this one done as well as I know this happened, objections?

 16:11 <ahasenack> so there was that thread

 16:11 <ahasenack> yeah

 16:11 <rharper> ack, mark it done

 16:11 <powersj> #done: dpb1 to talk to kirkland re: old kernels

 16:11 <powersj> #topic Artful Development

 16:11 <rharper> nacc: looks like you're filling in nicely with all the caps

 16:11 <powersj> #link https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ArtfulAardvark/ReleaseSchedule

 16:11 <powersj> hahah

 16:11 <nacc> rharper :) trying!

 16:12 <slashd> o/ guys, I'm sprinting this week and next week so I won't attend today and next week meeting. I'll be back to normal schedule on May 16th.

 16:12 <powersj> slashd: thx for heads up

 16:12 <teward> wrt NGINX and Artful: NGINX 1.12.0 uploaded to Artful, and I'm working with Debian to ask them to put a 1.12.0 upload before they switch onto mainline as they normally do so it's a nicer merge.

 16:12 <teward> Otherwise there'll be a big diff :P

 16:12 <teward> (comprised of multiple smaller diffs >.>)

 16:12 <powersj> #info nginx 1.12.0 uploaded to artful

 16:13 <powersj> #subtopic blueprints

 16:13 <powersj> #https://blueprints.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+spec/servercloud-aa-server-core

 16:13 <powersj> oops...

 16:13 <powersj> #link https://blueprints.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+spec/servercloud-aa-server-core

 16:14 <powersj> any updates on blueprint?

 16:14 <powersj> #subtopic Release Bugs

 16:14 <powersj> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-aa-tracking-bug-tasks.html#ubuntu-server

 16:14 <powersj> Looking good there

 16:15 <powersj> I'm going to keep moving on then

 16:15 <powersj> #topic Server & Cloud Bugs & SRU/Pending Uploads (slashd)

 16:15 <powersj> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-z-tracking-bug-tasks.html#ubuntu-server

 16:15 <powersj> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-x-tracking-bug-tasks.html#ubuntu-server

 16:15 <powersj> #info slashd sprinting this week, so not present, back May 16

 16:15 <powersj> #topic Weekly Updates & Questions for the QA Team (powersj)

 16:15 <powersj> #link https://jenkins.ubuntu.com/server/

 16:15 <powersj> Last week got some new jenkins test jobs for cloud-init and curtin up and running for artful and zesty proposed and got the ppc64el server ISO tests going.

 16:16 <powersj> This week need to finish getting my merge for i386 and amd64 server ISO tests in, update UTAH, and kick things off. Working on cloud-init testing of other distro packages and some unit tests.

 16:16 <powersj> #link https://code.launchpad.net/~powersj/utah/remove_cdromupgrade/+merge/323337

 16:16 <powersj> that's the merge to get rid of the exception for cdromupgrade

 16:16 <powersj> questions for me?

 16:17 <powersj> #topic Weekly Updates & Questions for the Kernel Team (smb, sforshee)

 16:17 <smb> Nothing I can think of to bring up (limited cycles, so for anything needing attention ping me or subscribe me to bug reports). Anything right now?

 16:17 <powersj> #info nothing at the moment, please ping smb if something needs attention

 16:17 <powersj> anything else?

 16:18 <powersj> #topic Upcoming Call For Papers

 16:18 <powersj> #link https://lwn.net/Calendar/Monthly/cfp/

 16:18 <powersj> I don't think I've seen anything

 16:18 <powersj> #topic Ubuntu Server Team Events

 16:18 <powersj> we did bug squashing last week, so would be again next week?

 16:18 <powersj> nacc: that right?

 16:20 <ahasenack> I think it didn't happen last week

 16:20 <powersj> ah

 16:20 <powersj> I'll follow up with him

 16:20 <powersj> #topic Open Discussion

 16:20 <powersj> Anything for open discussion? otherwise I'll end this rather quiet meeting

 16:20 <teward> powersj: add an action item for me for Artful for an nginx release notes blurb to be added - lots changes between 1.10.x and 1.12.x heh.

 16:20 <nacc> powersj: yeah want to schedule it for this week

 16:20 <teward> and it would be great to have that prepped and ready to go before we reach Release in a few months.

 16:21 <powersj> #action: teward to add release notes blurb for nginx (1.10.x -> 1.12.x)

 16:21 * meetingology : teward to add release notes blurb for nginx (1.10.x -> 1.12.x)

 16:21 <teward> powersj: thank you kindly :)

 16:21 <powersj> #info next bug squashing day this week

 16:21 <powersj> anything else?

 16:21 <powersj> #topic Announce next meeting date, time and chair

 16:22 <powersj> same time, same place, and cpaelzer you owe me ;)

 16:22 <teward> an observation: isn't it nice when these meetings are swift, quick, and quiet?  :P

 16:22 <powersj> sometimes :) I do like the discussions

 16:22 <powersj> o/ thx folks

 16:22 <powersj> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)