== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 11 Dec at 16:30 &mdash; 16:48 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2017/ubuntu-meeting.2017-12-11-16.30.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting 
=== Weekly stand-up report ===
The discussion about "Weekly stand-up report" started at 16:31.


=== Highlighted packages ===
The discussion about "Highlighted packages" started at 16:45.

  * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/tre.html 
  * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/w3af.html 
  * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/k4dirstat.html 
  * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/ccid.html 
  * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/elixir.html 

=== Miscellaneous and Questions ===
The discussion about "Miscellaneous and Questions" started at 16:45.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * tyhicks (27)
 * jdstrand (8)
 * sarnold (7)
 * mdeslaur (7)
 * leosilva (5)
 * ratliff (5)
 * sbeattie (5)
 * chrisccoulson (4)
 * meetingology (3)



== Full Log ==


 16:30 <tyhicks> #startmeeting

 16:30 <meetingology> Meeting started Mon Dec 11 16:30:38 2017 UTC.  The chair is tyhicks. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:30 <meetingology> 

 16:30 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 16:30 <mdeslaur> \o

 16:31 <tyhicks> The meeting agenda can be found at:

 16:31 <tyhicks> [LINK] https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting

 16:31 <tyhicks> [TOPIC] Weekly stand-up report

 16:31 <tyhicks> jdstrand: you're up

 16:31 <jdstrand> hi

 16:32 <jdstrand> Last week I was able to get through all the snapd 2.30 work (yay). This week I plan to focus on:

 16:32 <jdstrand> - being responsive to snapd PR reviews (eg, wayland slot, layouts, xdg-settings/userd, etc)

 16:32 <jdstrand> - rewriting the snappy-app-dev udev script

 16:32 <jdstrand> - finishing the planned review-tools updates for December

 16:32 <jdstrand> - pickup brand store snap declarations as have times

 16:32 <jdstrand> - pickup tun/tap and kmod spread test issues

 16:32 <jdstrand> that's it from me. mdeslaur, you're up

 16:32 <mdeslaur> I'm on triage this week

 16:32 <mdeslaur> and I have an openssl update coming out

 16:32 <mdeslaur> I have a couple more things to test and release

 16:32 <mdeslaur> that's about it, sbeattie, you're up

 16:33 <sbeattie> I'm in the happy place this week, and I've got a short week (friday off)

 16:33 <sbeattie> I'm focusing on snap cve triage

 16:33 <sbeattie> I have some apparmor tasks to do, plus prep for the apparmor upstream meeting

 16:34 <sbeattie> and the usual kernel triage bits

 16:34 <sbeattie> that's it for me. tyhicks?

 16:35 <tyhicks> I'm in the happy place

 16:35 <tyhicks> I'm working on some embargoed issues

 16:35 <tyhicks> I'll be doing a squashfs-tools SRU for preserving symlink mtimes

 16:36 <tyhicks> continue to fix any resquash issues that are found

 16:36 <tyhicks> that's it for me right now

 16:36 <tyhicks> jjohansen: you're up

 16:38 <tyhicks> ah, he's not in right now

 16:38 <tyhicks> sarnold: you're up

 16:39 <sarnold> i'm on community this week

 16:39 <sarnold> working on the libteam mir

 16:39 <sarnold> the buildlog and cppcheck output look different enough from last time around that I'm hopeful it'll go quickly :)

 16:40 <sarnold> and uh figuring out if this is going to be a short week or not. maybe it's time to stop procrastinating that :)

 16:40 <sarnold> that's it for me, chrisccoulson?

 16:40 <chrisccoulson> short week for me this week - I finish for christmas today

 16:41 <chrisccoulson> I plan to have chromium published before I finish

 16:41 <mdeslaur> sarnold: if you wait until the new year, your accumulated vacation days will go away and the problem will solve itself

 16:41 <chrisccoulson> That's me done :)

 16:41 <sarnold> chrisccoulson: _today_? :) nice

 16:41 <ratliff> enjoy your time off, chrisccoulson!

 16:41 <ratliff> I'm in the happy place this week.

 16:41 <chrisccoulson> thanks :)

 16:41 <sarnold> mdeslaur: wow :) that's next-level procrastination :D

 16:42 <mdeslaur> hehehe

 16:42 <ratliff> I hope to finish my internal project and then work on importing data into InfluxDB for kpis.

 16:42 <ratliff> I'm going to be adding the holiday rotation to the team calendar today, so if there are any changes to the proposal, please let me know.

 16:43 <ratliff> on to you, leosilva

 16:43 <leosilva> I'm bug triage this week.

 16:43 <leosilva> I have some research to do about libxml2 issue (it's trick and I'm thinking in publish the CVE I have before find and fix it)

 16:44 <leosilva> Also will do some CVE triage/research to push some pkgs on my stack.

 16:44 <leosilva> that's it for me.

 16:44 <leosilva> tyhicks: it's back to you!

 16:44 * tyhicks catches up

 16:45 <tyhicks> thanks!

 16:45 <tyhicks> [TOPIC] Highlighted packages

 16:45 <tyhicks> The Ubuntu Security team will highlight some community-supported packages that might be good candidates for updating and or triaging. If you would like to help Ubuntu and not sure where to start, this is a great way to do so.

 16:45 <tyhicks> See https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/UpdateProcedures for details and if you have any questions, feel free to ask in #ubuntu-security. To find out other ways of helping out, please see https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/GettingInvolved.

 16:45 <tyhicks> https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/tre.html

 16:45 <tyhicks> https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/w3af.html

 16:45 <tyhicks> https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/k4dirstat.html

 16:45 <tyhicks> https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/ccid.html

 16:45 <tyhicks> https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/elixir.html

 16:45 <tyhicks> Does anyone have any other questions or items to discuss?

 16:45 <tyhicks> [TOPIC] Miscellaneous and Questions

 16:48 <tyhicks> jdstrand, mdeslaur, sbeattie, jjohansen, sarnold, ChrisCoulson, ratliff, leosilva: Thanks!

 16:48 <tyhicks> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)