== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 05 Jun at 16:31 &mdash; 16:48 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2017/ubuntu-meeting.2017-06-05-16.31.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting 
=== Announcements ===
The discussion about "Announcements" started at 16:31.


=== Weekly stand-up report ===
The discussion about "Weekly stand-up report" started at 16:31.


=== Highlighted packages ===
The discussion about "Highlighted packages" started at 16:45.

  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/hexchat.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/yodl.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/snort.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/davfs2.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/ironic.html 

=== Miscellaneous and Questions ===
The discussion about "Miscellaneous and Questions" started at 16:45.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * tyhicks (29)
 * jjohansen (7)
 * sbeattie (6)
 * mdeslaur (5)
 * ratliff (4)
 * chrisccoulson (4)
 * meetingology (3)
 * sarnold (2)
 * ubottu (1)



== Full Log ==


 16:31 <tyhicks> #startmeeting

 16:31 <meetingology> Meeting started Mon Jun  5 16:31:00 2017 UTC.  The chair is tyhicks. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:31 <meetingology> 

 16:31 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 16:31 <tyhicks> The meeting agenda can be found at:

 16:31 <mdeslaur> \o

 16:31 <tyhicks> [LINK] https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting

 16:31 <tyhicks> [TOPIC] Announcements

 16:31 <tyhicks> Roger A. Light (ral) provided debdiffs for trusty-artful for mosquitto (LP: #1692818)

 16:31 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1692818 in mosquitto (Ubuntu) "Mosquitto pattern ACLs can be circumvented with special client ids or usernames" [Undecided,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1692818

 16:31 <tyhicks> Thank you for your assistance in keeping Ubuntu users secure! :)

 16:31 <tyhicks> [TOPIC] Weekly stand-up report

 16:31 <tyhicks> mdeslaur: you're up

 16:31 <mdeslaur> I'm on bug triage this week

 16:31 <mdeslaur> and I'm currently publishing puppet and libtasn updates

 16:32 <mdeslaur> I have a couple more to test, then I'll be picking something else off the list

 16:32 <mdeslaur> that's it, sbeattie?

 16:33 <sbeattie> I'm on cve triage this week

 16:33 <sbeattie> I have an embargoed issue on my plate

 16:34 <sbeattie> I'm working on a sudo update

 16:34 <sbeattie> and I'll have some kernel triage bits to handle, too

 16:34 <sbeattie> That's probably my week.

 16:34 <sbeattie> tyhicks: over to you

 16:35 <tyhicks> I'm in the happy place this week

 16:35 <tyhicks> I have eCryptfs patch review to do (kernel and userspace patches)

 16:35 <tyhicks> they've been piling up

 16:35 <tyhicks> I'd like to make progress on the seccomp kernel patches but I think I need to catch up with kees first on a remaining design issue

 16:36 <tyhicks> would be nice to finish my elfutils updates

 16:36 <tyhicks> additional security updates as time allows

 16:36 <tyhicks> jjohansen: you're up

 16:36 <jjohansen> I have and LSS talk/discussion proposal to get together

 16:37 <jjohansen> and I will have LSS program committee duties/voting todo this week too

 16:37 <jjohansen> I need to finish up the merge against the security tree, which finally merged again 4.12

 16:38 <jjohansen> and then I have a little more patch work to finish up to get a pull request out

 16:39 <jjohansen> After that I will need to look at a few bugs, update suse on the 4.13 kernel for the Fate request around snappy

 16:40 <jjohansen> and hopefully get a start on the 4.14 upstreaming

 16:40 <jjohansen> thats about it for me, sarnold you're up

 16:40 <sarnold> I'm in the happy place; I have two more sponsored updates from last week to finish off if no one has said they broke anything important, finish the xdelta3 mir, and review whatever patches jjohansen feels would be worth reviewing

 16:41 <sarnold> I think that covers it; is chrisccoulson around or is uk on holiday?

 16:41 <chrisccoulson> I'm here

 16:42 <chrisccoulson> I've got firefox updates to prepare this week. Also, I think it's chrome release week (although I've not been tracking that closely anymore), which means chromium updates too

 16:42 <chrisccoulson> Also working on an embargoed issue

 16:42 <chrisccoulson> That's me done

 16:43 <tyhicks> ratliff: you're up

 16:43 <ratliff> I'm on community this week.

 16:43 <ratliff> I will spend most of my week focused on internal duties.

 16:43 <ratliff> The rest I will spend on technical communication and updates to Ubuntu Core 15

 16:44 <ratliff> back to you, tyhicks

 16:45 <tyhicks> thanks

 16:45 <tyhicks> [TOPIC] Highlighted packages

 16:45 <tyhicks> The Ubuntu Security team will highlight some community-supported packages that might be good candidates for updating and or triaging. If you would like to help Ubuntu and not sure where to start, this is a great way to do so.

 16:45 <tyhicks> See https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/UpdateProcedures for details and if you have any questions, feel free to ask in #ubuntu-security. To find out other ways of helping out, please see https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/GettingInvolved.

 16:45 <tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/hexchat.html

 16:45 <tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/yodl.html

 16:45 <tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/snort.html

 16:45 <tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/davfs2.html

 16:45 <tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/ironic.html

 16:45 <tyhicks> [TOPIC] Miscellaneous and Questions

 16:45 <tyhicks> Does anyone have any other questions or items to discuss?

 16:48 <tyhicks> mdeslaur, sbeattie, jjohansen, sarnold, ChrisCoulson, ratliff: Thanks!

 16:48 <tyhicks> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)