== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting: 20 UTC Membership Board Meeting, 02 Feb at 20:03 &mdash; 20:56 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2017/ubuntu-meeting.2017-02-02-20.03.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== pavlos ===
The discussion about "pavlos" started at 20:07.


=== wmack_ ===
The discussion about "wmack_" started at 20:09.

  * ''Vote:'' wmack_ for membership! (Carried)

=== markthomas ===
The discussion about "markthomas" started at 20:24.

  * ''Vote:'' for markthomas membership! (Carried)



== Vote results ==

 * [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2017/ubuntu-meeting.2017-02-02-20.03.log.html#140 for markthomas membership!]]
  * Motion carried (For/Against/Abstained 5/0/0)
   *  Voters wxl, pleia2, nzoueidi, elacheche_anis, toddy
 * [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2017/ubuntu-meeting.2017-02-02-20.03.log.html#71 wmack_ for membership!]]
  * Motion carried (For/Against/Abstained 5/0/0)
   *  Voters wxl, pleia2, nzoueidi, elacheche_anis, toddy



== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * nzoueidi (37)
 * meetingology (25)
 * pleia2 (24)
 * wmack_ (21)
 * wxl (17)
 * markthomas (15)
 * pavlos (14)
 * toddc (13)
 * toddy (12)
 * sarnold (7)
 * MajB (7)
 * superfly (6)
 * cydizen (4)
 * slashd (3)
 * elacheche_anis (2)
 * pavlos_ (1)



== Full Log ==


 20:03 <nzoueidi> #startmeeting 20 UTC Membership Board Meeting

 20:03 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Feb  2 20:03:43 2017 UTC.  The chair is nzoueidi. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 20:03 <meetingology> 

 20:03 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 20:03 <nzoueidi> Hello and welcome to the Membership Board meeting!

 20:04 <nzoueidi> The wiki page for the Review Board is available here https://wiki.ubuntu.com/Membership/Boards. We will attempt to get through all of the applicants that have added themselves to that list before today's meeting.

 20:04 <nzoueidi> y

 20:04 <nzoueidi> If we are unable to make it through the entire list due to time constraints, then at the next meeting we will pick up where we left off. The format for the meeting is as follows: We will go through the list of applicants one by one, by date of application (FIFO).

 20:04 <nzoueidi> Each applicant should introduce themselves (1-5 sentences) and provide links to their Ubuntu Wiki page. After the introduction the members of the Membership Review Board will review the pages and, if needed, ask the applicant further questions.

 20:05 <nzoueidi> During this time it is encouraged for other members of the community to show their support for the applicant.

 20:06 * toddc is here to support all applicants from azloco

 20:06 <nzoueidi> Do not be alarmed if the members of the Membership Review Board are quiet during this time; they are most likely reading wiki/launchpad/forum/other pages and deciding how they are going to vote.

 20:07 * superfly is here to support all the applications from AZ LoCo

 20:07 <nzoueidi> #topic pavlos

 20:07 * MajB is also here to support all applicants from AZLOCO

 20:07 <pleia2> we're starting with pavlos because we have a quick administrative thing to note

 20:07 <pavlos> can wmack go 1st?

 20:08 <pleia2> pavlos: you haven't signed the Code of Conduct in Launchpad, which is a requirement for membership

 20:08 <pleia2> pavlos: so if you can read it and do that now, we can come back to you at the end of the meeting, otherwise you'll have to come to our next meeting once you've signed it

 20:08 <pavlos> will do it, thx

 20:09 <pleia2> thanks for understanding :)

 20:09 <pleia2> on to wmack_!

 20:09 <wmack_> Thank you.

 20:09 <nzoueidi> Alright, going to wmack_

 20:09 <nzoueidi> #topic wmack_

 20:09 <wmack_> I am Walter Mack, member of the the Arizona Loco since approx 5 years.

 20:09 <wmack_> My contribution is in the following areas:

 20:10 <wmack_> Participate in twice/month installfests, typically installing or repairing Linux on 2-3 systems. Also there for technical assistance as necessary

 20:11 <wmack_> I have also helped with the Loco computing infrastructure, setting up the initial owncloud system, as well as the big blue button system

 20:11 <pleia2> speaking generally, it is always nice to see how many events the azloco has :)

 20:11 <wmack_> Furthermore helped in the migration of the azloco main site from drupal 2.6 to 2.7

 20:11 <nzoueidi> Any questions for DS-McGuire? Any supporters here?

 20:12 <pleia2> wmack_: do you find folks who come to the installfests are generally new to Ubuntu, or existing users who need some help?

 20:12 <wmack_> Also active in other linux organizations locally (namely the phoenix linux users group).

 20:13 <wmack_> There is a tight interaction between PLUG and AZLOCO

 20:13 <wmack_> wiki page: https://wiki.ubuntu.com/wmack-y

 20:13 <wmack_> pleia2 - it is a mix.

 20:14 <wmack_> I would say that 40% do have a good understanding of linux

 20:14 <wmack_> the rest are predominantly individuals who want to understand Linux and what it can do for them.

 20:14 <nzoueidi> wmack_: why there is no contribution in your LP? Are you planning to make some?

 20:14 <pleia2> cool, thanks

 20:14 <wmack_> What is LP?

 20:15 <pleia2> launchpad

 20:15 <nzoueidi> Launchpad

 20:15 <wmack_> This is not on my radar at present - I'm concentrating on the local efforts of the Loco.

 20:15 <pleia2> makes sense

 20:15 <toddy> wmack_: what do you mean with Drupal 2.6 or 2.7. Drupal has version 6,7 or 8, I think. Or do you speak about a theme?

 20:16 <pleia2> wmack_: I would encourage you to at least use it for reporting bugs, I'm sure you run into many while doing installs :)

 20:16 <wmack_> I would need to go back to my notes.

 20:16 <wmack_> I did think that the migration was from 2.6 to 2.7, maybe it was 6 to 7

 20:16 <wmack_> It was not just a theme, but the whole drupal installation.

 20:17 <toddy> ok

 20:17 <pleia2> any fellow loco members here to support wmack_? :)

 20:17 <wmack_> The migration was done as part of moving to a new team server, so it also involved moving the mysql db and adjusting it to work wit the new version

 20:17 <nzoueidi> Alright, any other questions to wmack_ ?

 20:17 <pleia2> wmack_: heh, that's always fun

 20:17 <toddy> nice. you have many pictures at your wikipage of the loco group: https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ArizonaTeam

 20:17 <toddc> wmack_: migrated from a physical to vertual server at the same time

 20:18 <markthomas> I am another applicant, but I support wmack_. He's a big help to everyone in our loco.

 20:18 <pleia2> thanks markthomas :)

 20:18 <MajB> I am also here to support wmack

 20:18 <pleia2> great

 20:18 <toddc> 2.5- to version 4

 20:18 <superfly> I'm also here to support wmack_

 20:19 <nzoueidi> Already then, we go for vote

 20:19 <nzoueidi> #voters pleia2 elacheche_anis nzoueidi toddy wxl

 20:19 <meetingology> Current voters: elacheche_anis nzoueidi pleia2 toddy wxl

 20:19 <nzoueidi> +1 keep up the good work :)

 20:19 <pleia2> nzoueidi: need the question first ;)

 20:21 <nzoueidi> my bad x)

 20:21 <nzoueidi> #vote wmack_ for membership!

 20:21 <meetingology> Please vote on: wmack_ for membership!

 20:21 <meetingology> Public votes can be registered by saying +1, +0 or -1 in channel, (for private voting, private message me with 'vote +1/-1/+0 #channelname)

 20:21 <pleia2> +1

 20:21 <meetingology> +1 received from pleia2

 20:21 <toddy> +1 – good work. thanks a lot

 20:21 <meetingology> +1 – good work. thanks a lot received from toddy

 20:21 <elacheche_anis> +1 Good contribs wmack_

 20:21 <meetingology> +1 Good contribs wmack_ received from elacheche_anis

 20:21 <nzoueidi> #votesrequired 4

 20:21 <meetingology> votes now need 4 to be passed

 20:22 <wxl> +1 from a fellow Walter; keep AZLOCO being great

 20:22 <meetingology> +1 from a fellow Walter; keep AZLOCO being great received from wxl

 20:22 <nzoueidi> +1 keep up the good work

 20:22 <meetingology> +1 keep up the good work received from nzoueidi

 20:22 <nzoueidi> #endvote

 20:22 <meetingology> Voting ended on: wmack_ for membership!

 20:22 <meetingology> Votes for:5 Votes against:0 Abstentions:0

 20:22 <meetingology> Motion carried

 20:22 <toddc> thank you all

 20:22 <nzoueidi> Congrats wmack_ :)

 20:22 <pleia2> congrats and welcome to membership, wmack_ :)

 20:22 <wmack_> Thank you very much!

 20:22 <wxl> welcome wmack_ :)

 20:22 <toddy> congrats wmack_ :)

 20:22 <toddc> congrats wmack_

 20:22 <MajB> congrats wmack_

 20:22 <markthomas> Hooray, wmack_ !

 20:23 * wmack_ bows

 20:23 <superfly> Good job wmack_!

 20:23 <wxl> markthomas is next i believe

 20:23 <markthomas> Helo.

 20:24 <nzoueidi> Alright, so the next candidate is markthomas

 20:24 <nzoueidi> #topic markthomas

 20:24 <slashd> Hi guys, I'm a Ubuntu Member & Contributing Developper, and I'm here today to support markthomas' application.

 20:24 <wmack_> I need to go back to work - thank you all for listening me and supporting me.

 20:24 <markthomas> My name is Mark Thomas. I've been an Ubuntu user since Dapper, a member of the Loco for over 3 years.

 20:24 <nzoueidi> Please introduce yourself markthomas

 20:24 <markthomas> I'm currently an employee of Canonical as well.

 20:25 <markthomas> I contribute regularly to the install events with wmack_, and I also contribute off and on to the Ubuntu Community Documentation. I wrote the Active Directory section of the Ubuntu Server Guide.

 20:25 <markthomas> My wiki page is wiki.ubuntu.com/markthomas

 20:25 <markthomas> Recently, I've started triaging bugs on LP as well.

 20:25 <pleia2> nice, much needed

 20:26 <markthomas> launchpad.net/~markthomas

 20:26 <nzoueidi> Cool, any questions for markthomas? and any supporters here?

 20:26 <slashd> nzoueidi, I'm supporting markthomas

 20:26 * toddc is here in support of markthomas

 20:26 <superfly> I'm supporting markthomas

 20:26 <wxl> markthomas: what's your title at canonical?

 20:26 <pleia2> markthomas: looks lke you joined Canonical in 2013, I imagine they found you because you were a community member?

 20:26 <toddy> How much do you have written at the Ubuntu Server Guide, markthomas ?

 20:26 <MajB> I am supporting markthomas as well

 20:26 <markthomas> Technical Account Manager. Formerly Technical Support Engineer.

 20:27 <cydizen> Hi all, I work at Canonical with Mark, and I'm here to support him as well.

 20:27 <wxl> cool

 20:27 <markthomas> pleia2, they found me because I was vocal of my support of Ubuntu on LinkedIn, I believe.

 20:27 <wxl> cydizen: i assume you have your membership already then? *ahem* XD

 20:28 <cydizen> I do not ><

 20:28 <wxl> well you better get to fixing that!

 20:28 <toddy> :D

 20:28 <pleia2> (to be clear, you don't need to be a member to endorse)

 20:28 <toddc> cydizen: we can cure that!

 20:28 <wxl> cydizen: https://wiki.ubuntu.com/Membership/NewMember -- you can ask markthomas to come support you :)

 20:28 <wxl> pleia2: yeah, just ever evangelising, that's all :)

 20:28 <markthomas> I certainly will.

 20:28 <cydizen> Not his fault, he lets me know everytime he's headed to a plug meeting :)

 20:28 <pleia2> :)

 20:29 <wxl> ditto

 20:30 <nzoueidi> okay, we proceed for the voting

 20:30 <nzoueidi> #vote for markthomas membership!

 20:30 <meetingology> Please vote on: for markthomas membership!

 20:30 <meetingology> Public votes can be registered by saying +1, +0 or -1 in channel, (for private voting, private message me with 'vote +1/-1/+0 #channelname)

 20:30 <toddy> +1 thanks for the work

 20:30 <meetingology> +1 thanks for the work received from toddy

 20:31 <pleia2> +1

 20:31 <meetingology> +1 received from pleia2

 20:31 <elacheche_anis> +1 markthomas Good work :)

 20:31 <meetingology> +1 markthomas Good work :) received from elacheche_anis

 20:31 <wxl> +1

 20:31 <meetingology> +1 received from wxl

 20:31 <nzoueidi> +1

 20:31 <meetingology> +1 received from nzoueidi

 20:31 <nzoueidi> #endvote

 20:31 <meetingology> Voting ended on: for markthomas membership!

 20:31 <meetingology> Votes for:5 Votes against:0 Abstentions:0

 20:31 <meetingology> Motion carried

 20:31 <wxl> welcome markthomas :)

 20:31 <markthomas> My thanks.

 20:31 <toddy> congrats markthomas

 20:31 <nzoueidi> congrats markthomas :) and welcome

 20:31 <slashd> Congrats markthomas !!!

 20:32 <toddc> congrats markthomas

 20:32 <cydizen> congrats markthomas !

 20:32 <MajB> congrats markthomas.

 20:32 <pleia2> thanks for your work markthomas :)

 20:32 <superfly> Well done, markthomas!

 20:32 <toddy> toddc: something is wrong with you. I think you have a wrong letter in your name. :D

 20:32 <markthomas> Thank you all.

 20:33 <wxl> did pavlos sign CoC?

 20:33 <markthomas> toddy, it's the beard. It anchors him to the front of the alphabet somehow.

 20:33 <nzoueidi> pavlos: you still here?

 20:33 * toddc verified correct nick toddy

 20:33 <toddy> :D

 20:33 <pavlos> still here but unable to generate a key

 20:34 <wxl> pavlos: tell me what you're doing and where you're stuck and we'll see if we can't fix you

 20:34 <sarnold> as in "this machine isn't suitable for the task" or "an error message I don't understand"?

 20:34 <pavlos> gpg --key-gen entered my info then a pass phrase (20 chars)  I get messagethat it needs more entropy so type more keys

 20:35 <sarnold> wiggle the mouse too if you've got one

 20:35 <pavlos> let me try that

 20:35 <wxl> pavlos: open up a new terminal window and `find /var`

 20:35 <wxl> that ought to get you plenty of entropy :)

 20:35 <toddc> I think we overloaded him with guides and links in our local irc

 20:36 <superfly> wxl: bwahaha, that's brilliant, must try that next time :-D

 20:36 <sarnold> wxl: nice idea

 20:38 <pavlos> I will connect from another machine

 20:39 <pavlos_> I'm here, will try again

 20:44 <sarnold> btw the machine running the gpg --gen-key is the one that needs the keyboard input or mouse input or disk drive fiddling...

 20:45 <sarnold> pavlos_: if you're still not having any luck, try this: sudo apt-get install pollinate ; sudo -u pollinate pollinate -r

 20:46 <pavlos> let me try that

 20:46 <sarnold> pollinate uses ubuntu's entropy servers to feed your system's RNG

 20:47 <pavlos> not will try the gpg again

 20:47 <pavlos> now

 20:47 <toddc> worst case we can figure it out at the tempe ubuntu hour tonight

 20:48 <pavlos> not enough entropy needs 242 bytes

 20:48 <sarnold> what's the output of cat /proc/sys/kernel/random/entropy_avail  ?

 20:49 <pavlos> one sec ...

 20:49 <wxl> toddc: you can use that as an opportunity to teach others how to sign the CoC as part of their membership application *AHEM* :)

 20:50 <MajB> Yes toddc

 20:51 <toddc> I think pavlos helped figure out how to do my gpg

 20:51 <toddc> :)

 20:51 <pavlos> 876

 20:51 <pavlos> from /proc

 20:55 <nzoueidi> pavlos: when you sign the CoC you can mail the Ubuntu Board Membership maillist and we vote there.

 20:55 <pavlos> will do ... sorry for this

 20:55 <MajB> So we don't need to reschedule him

 20:55 <toddy> pavlos: no problem

 20:56 <nzoueidi> No problem.

 20:56 <nzoueidi> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)