== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting: ubuntu-server-team, 06 Jun at 16:04 &mdash; 16:18 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2017/ubuntu-meeting.2017-06-06-16.04.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Review ACTION points from previous meeting ===
The discussion about "Review ACTION points from previous meeting" started at 16:05.

  * carry all items over to next week
  * ''DONE:'' dpb to look into a few open issues around automatic updates that were pointed out by the doc team (carried over)

=== Artful Development ===
The discussion about "Artful Development" started at 16:07.

  * ''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ArtfulAardvark/ReleaseSchedule 
 * '''blueprints''' (16:09)
  * ''LINK:'' https://blueprints.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+spec/servercloud-aa-server-core 
  * ''LINK:'' https://trello.com/b/U9HhWyT0/ubuntu-server-daily 
  * ''LINK:'' https://trello.com/b/U9HhWyT0/ubuntu-server-daily 
 * '''Release Bugs''' (16:10)
  * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-aa-tracking-bug-tasks.html#ubuntu-server 

=== Server & Cloud Bugs & SRU/Pending Uploads (slashd) ===
The discussion about "Server & Cloud Bugs & SRU/Pending Uploads (slashd)" started at 16:11.

  * SRU pending for : sssd, nfs-utils, keystone, neutron, openssl, ebtables isc-dhcp, vlan, percona-xtradb-cluster-5.5
  * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-z-tracking-bug-tasks.html#ubuntu-server 
  * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-x-tracking-bug-tasks.html#ubuntu-server 

=== Weekly Updates & Questions for the QA Team (powersj) ===
The discussion about "Weekly Updates & Questions for the QA Team (powersj)" started at 16:15.

  * last week server ISOs are back and working and KPI dashboard work
  * ''LINK:'' https://jenkins.ubuntu.com/server/ 
  * this week attending server sprint, working on cloud-init CI pipeline, and resolving lxd 2.14 + pylxd issues

=== Weekly Updates & Questions for the Kernel Team (smb, sforshee) ===
The discussion about "Weekly Updates & Questions for the Kernel Team (smb, sforshee)" started at 16:16.


=== Upcoming Call For Papers ===
The discussion about "Upcoming Call For Papers" started at 16:17.

  * ''LINK:'' https://lwn.net/Calendar/Monthly/cfp/ 

=== Ubuntu Server Team Events ===
The discussion about "Ubuntu Server Team Events" started at 16:17.


=== Open Discussion ===
The discussion about "Open Discussion" started at 16:18.


=== Announce next meeting date, time and chair ===
The discussion about "Announce next meeting date, time and chair" started at 16:18.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * dpb to look into a few open issues around automatic updates that were pointed out by the doc team (carried over)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * nacc (50)
 * teward (6)
 * slashd (6)
 * cpaelzer (6)
 * powersj (3)
 * meetingology (3)
 * smb (1)



== Full Log ==


 16:04 <nacc> #startmeeting ubuntu-server-team

 16:04 <meetingology> Meeting started Tue Jun  6 16:04:57 2017 UTC.  The chair is nacc. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:04 <meetingology> 

 16:04 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 16:05 <nacc> I'll chair for rbasak this week

 16:05 <nacc> #topic Review ACTION points from previous meeting

 16:05 <nacc> we haven't quite gotten to those items for this week

 16:06 <teward> carry all of them over :P

 16:06 <nacc> #info carry all items over to next week

 16:06 <nacc> we do have it as an action this week for the sprint to try and get them done

 16:06 <nacc> oh there is one done one

 16:06 <nacc> #done dpb to look into a few open issues around automatic updates that were pointed out by the doc team (carried over)

 16:07 <nacc> turned out to be a known issue, and resolve already in 16.04.2

 16:07 <nacc> moving on

 16:07 <nacc> #topic Artful Development

 16:07 <nacc> #link https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ArtfulAardvark/ReleaseSchedule

 16:07 <nacc> anything anyone want to highlight/bring up?

 16:07 <nacc> i think we are in pretty good shape for merges

 16:08 <cpaelzer> we lack release notes atm

 16:08 <teward> well except for nginx merges

 16:08 <nacc> (debian freeze is helping)

 16:08 <cpaelzer> I wanted to add something but the skeleton isn#t there yet

 16:08 <nacc> teward: yeah, but you're *always* good :)

 16:08 <teward> cpaelzer: i think that's on the list for one of the sprints?

 16:08 <cpaelzer> to create the initial template?

 16:08 <teward> nacc: eh, well, in this case, stress and T-Storms didn't help my task list for friday evening.

 16:08 <cpaelzer> I'd think that is on foundations

 16:08 <teward> cpaelzer: oh the TEMPLATE, right.  My bad :)

 16:08 <nacc> teward: not a problem! you've got a while :)

 16:08 <teward> *needs more coffee*

 16:09 <cpaelzer> the actions for the sprint is to complete all sorts of release notes things - yes

 16:09 <nacc> #subtopic blueprints

 16:09 <nacc> #link https://blueprints.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+spec/servercloud-aa-server-core

 16:09 <nacc> we are moving from the blueprint this cycle to a public trello board

 16:09 <cpaelzer> https://trello.com/b/U9HhWyT0/ubuntu-server-daily

 16:10 <nacc> #link https://trello.com/b/U9HhWyT0/ubuntu-server-daily

 16:10 <nacc> #subtopic Release Bugs

 16:10 <nacc> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-aa-tracking-bug-tasks.html#ubuntu-server

 16:11 <nacc> not too much there still

 16:11 <nacc> #topic Server & Cloud Bugs & SRU/Pending Uploads (slashd)

 16:11 <nacc> slashd: go ahead :)

 16:12 <slashd> Here's the report : http://pastebin.ubuntu.com/24794797/ , you'll notice that we have a couple SRU verifications needed. I know most of the SRU folks are sprinting, but if one of you can unblock us for this week It'll be appreciated. Otherwise, we will wait next week.

 16:12 <slashd> #info SRU pending for : sssd, nfs-utils, keystone, neutron, openssl, ebtables isc-dhcp, vlan, percona-xtradb-cluster-5.5

 16:12 <nacc> slashd: i'll put it on the list for this week

 16:12 <nacc> slashd: or do those need SRU team processing?

 16:13 <slashd> nacc, It required SRU member for most of them I think, minus the upload of 'isc-dhcp' in artful, which could be done by someone with the proper upload right

 16:13 <nacc> slashd: ok, thanks

 16:14 <slashd> nacc, I'll take care of the stable release, but I don't have upload right on devel release yet

 16:14 <nacc> slashd: got it

 16:14 <slashd> it's all for me

 16:14 <nacc> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-z-tracking-bug-tasks.html#ubuntu-server

 16:15 <nacc> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-x-tracking-bug-tasks.html#ubuntu-server

 16:15 <nacc> slashd: thanks!

 16:15 <nacc> #topic Weekly Updates & Questions for the QA Team (powersj)

 16:15 <powersj> #info last week server ISOs are back and working and KPI dashboard work

 16:15 <nacc> #link https://jenkins.ubuntu.com/server/

 16:15 <powersj> #info this week attending server sprint, working on cloud-init CI pipeline, and resolving lxd 2.14 + pylxd issues

 16:15 <powersj> questions?

 16:16 <nacc> powersj: thanks!

 16:16 <nacc> #topic Weekly Updates & Questions for the Kernel Team (smb, sforshee)

 16:16 <slashd> nacc, I forgot to mention that ddstreet will be my STS backup for this meeting, when I'm out

 16:16 <nacc> slashd: thanks!

 16:16 <smb> I got nothing

 16:16 <nacc> smb: ok, thanks!

 16:17 <nacc> #topic Upcoming Call For Papers

 16:17 <nacc> #link https://lwn.net/Calendar/Monthly/cfp/

 16:17 <nacc> nothing too important upcoming

 16:17 <nacc> #topic Ubuntu Server Team Events

 16:18 <nacc> nothing upcoming

 16:18 <nacc> #topic Open Discussion

 16:18 <nacc> anything anyone would like to bring up?

 16:18 <nacc> silence == endmeeting

 16:18 <nacc> #topic Announce next meeting date, time and chair

 16:18 <nacc> rbasak is still up, same time & place

 16:18 <nacc> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)