== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting: ubuntu-server-team, 31 Jan at 16:00 &mdash; 16:13 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2017/ubuntu-meeting.2017-01-31-16.00.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Review ACTION points from previous meetin ===
The discussion about "Review ACTION points from previous meetin" started at 16:00.

  * There were no action items from the last meeting.

=== Development Release ===
The discussion about "Development Release" started at 16:01.

  * ''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ZestyZapus/ReleaseSchedule 
  * ''LINK:'' https://blueprints.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+spec/servercloud-z-server-core 
  * DPDK blocked unrelated uploads; should be cleared by a just uploaded new upload

=== Server & Cloud Bugs & SRU/Pending Uploads (caribou) ===
The discussion about "Server & Cloud Bugs & SRU/Pending Uploads (caribou)" started at 16:03.


=== Weekly Updates & Questions for the QA Team (powersj) ===
The discussion about "Weekly Updates & Questions for the QA Team (powersj)" started at 16:04.


=== Weekly Updates & Questions for the Kernel Team (smb, sforshee) ===
The discussion about "Weekly Updates & Questions for the Kernel Team (smb, sforshee)" started at 16:05.


=== Upcoming Call For Papers ===
The discussion about "Upcoming Call For Papers" started at 16:06.


=== Ubuntu Server Team Events ===
The discussion about "Ubuntu Server Team Events" started at 16:07.


=== Open Discussion ===
The discussion about "Open Discussion" started at 16:07.


=== Server & Cloud Bugs & SRU/Pending Uploads (caribou) ===
The discussion about "Server & Cloud Bugs & SRU/Pending Uploads (caribou)" started at 16:08.

  * SRUs are pending for sosreport, ifupdown, os-prober, multipath-tools, python-os-brick, qemu, systemd, krb5 and libvirt.

=== Announce next meeting date, time and chair ===
The discussion about "Announce next meeting date, time and chair" started at 16:12.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * rbasak (36)
 * cpaelzer (23)
 * ubottu (19)
 * caribou (16)
 * powersj (6)
 * jgrimm (4)
 * meetingology (3)
 * smb (2)
 * nacc (1)
 * rharper (1)



== Full Log ==


 16:00 <rbasak> #startmeeting ubuntu-server-team

 16:00 <meetingology> Meeting started Tue Jan 31 16:00:02 2017 UTC.  The chair is rbasak. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:00 <meetingology> 

 16:00 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 16:00 <rbasak> o/

 16:00 <smb> o\

 16:00 <rbasak> #topic Review ACTION points from previous meetin

 16:00 <powersj> o/

 16:00 <cpaelzer> o/

 16:00 <rbasak> #info There were no action items from the last meeting.

 16:01 <rbasak> #topic Development Release

 16:01 <rbasak> #link https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ZestyZapus/ReleaseSchedule

 16:01 <rbasak> #link https://blueprints.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+spec/servercloud-z-server-core

 16:01 <rbasak> Any active work that may need wider communication?

 16:01 <cpaelzer> here

 16:01 <cpaelzer> DPDK blocked a bunch of totally unrelated uploads due to testing on reverse dependencies

 16:02 <cpaelzer> a new upload just hit zesty proposed - I hope this is resolved tomorrow then for anyone who might have been blocked by it

 16:02 <rbasak> Thank you!

 16:03 <rbasak> #info DPDK blocked unrelated uploads; should be cleared by a just uploaded new upload

 16:03 <rbasak> Anything else for Zesty development?

 16:03 <rbasak> #topic Server & Cloud Bugs & SRU/Pending Uploads (caribou)

 16:03 <caribou> woops, forgot to prepare :-/

 16:04 <caribou> do you mind coming back at me in a few minutes ?

 16:04 <rbasak> Sure

 16:04 <rbasak> #topic Weekly Updates & Questions for the QA Team (powersj)

 16:04 <powersj> Last week, completed the remaining bug triage weeks for 2016 (12 weeks in total). Got arm64 system connected up to our jenkins. Also the ppc64el system connected to the ISO testing jenkins and is running ISO tests now. Started work on the curtin SRU exception document as well.

 16:04 <rharper> o/

 16:04 <cpaelzer> yeah powersj

 16:04 <powersj> This week, wrap up my draft of the SRU exception doc for Curtin, get the arm64 tests going, look more at the ppc64 ISO tests, some cloud-init tox and make file changes, and work to add a bit of cleaning up the slaves after tests runs so we aren't getting any false negatives. Maybe look into etckeeper merge (thanks jgrimm)

 16:05 <cpaelzer> powersj: I just submitted a MP for the QA tests on qemu

 16:05 <powersj> cpaelzer: ok!

 16:05 <cpaelzer> powersj: that should resolve our transient issue on stage 4

 16:05 <cpaelzer> powersj: when 2.8 is done we will sit down and modify the call args slightly

 16:05 <cpaelzer> powersj: as mentioned last week I'll ping you when I'm ready

 16:05 <powersj> sounds good

 16:05 <rbasak> Thanks powersj!

 16:05 <rbasak> Does anyone have any questions for powersj?

 16:05 <rbasak> #topic Weekly Updates & Questions for the Kernel Team (smb, sforshee)

 16:06 <smb> Nothing new here.

 16:06 <rbasak> Any questions for smb?

 16:06 <rbasak> #topic Upcoming Call For Papers

 16:06 <rbasak> Any CfPs?

 16:07 <rbasak> #topic Ubuntu Server Team Events

 16:07 <rbasak> Any events?

 16:07 <jgrimm> o/ i'm here now, reading backscroll

 16:07 <nacc> o/ me too

 16:07 <rbasak> #topic Open Discussion

 16:07 <rbasak> jgrimm, nacc: we can circle back if you'd like.

 16:08 <rbasak> Anyone with AOB?

 16:08 <rbasak> caribou: are you ready to circle back now?

 16:08 <caribou> yep

 16:08 <cpaelzer> I have a list of SRUs as well this time, collected a few onto my active-task list - so here FYI for all and caribou in particular

 16:08 <rbasak> #topic Server & Cloud Bugs & SRU/Pending Uploads (caribou)

 16:08 <cpaelzer> caribou: you first

 16:08 <caribou> sosreport : LP: #1356211, LP: #1366103, LP: #1447695, LP: #1614052

 16:08 <caribou> ifupdown : LP: #1447715

 16:08 <caribou> os-prober : LP: #1579609

 16:08 <caribou> multipath-tools : LP: #1621340

 16:08 <caribou> python-os-brick : LP: #1623700

 16:08 <caribou> qemu : LP: #1640382

 16:08 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1356211 in sosreport (Ubuntu Trusty) "cannot collect rotated syslog.1" [Medium,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1356211

 16:08 <caribou> systemd : LP: #1647485

 16:08 <caribou> krb5 : LP: #1648901

 16:08 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1366103 in sosreport (Ubuntu Trusty) "sosreport doesn't collect all data from /etc/apparmor.d/" [Medium,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1366103

 16:08 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1447695 in sosreport (Ubuntu Trusty) "sosreport 3.2 does not collect systemd information" [Medium,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1447695

 16:08 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1614052 in sosreport (Ubuntu Yakkety) "SOSREPORT need to collect OPAL msglog" [Medium,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1614052

 16:08 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1447715 in ifupdown (Ubuntu Xenial) "dhclient -6: Can't bind to dhcp address: Cannot assign requested address" [Medium,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1447715

 16:08 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1579609 in os-prober (Ubuntu Xenial) "os-prober bug resulting in possible FS corruption" [Critical,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1579609

 16:08 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1621340 in multipath-tools (Ubuntu Xenial) "[SRU]'multipath -r' causes /dev/mapper/<wwid> being removed" [Medium,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1621340

 16:08 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1623700 in python-os-brick (Ubuntu Xenial) "[SRU] multipath iscsi does not logout of sessions on xenial" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1623700

 16:08 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1640382 in qemu (Ubuntu Trusty) "Segfault event notifier because of race condition" [Medium,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1640382

 16:08 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1647485 in systemd (Ubuntu Trusty) "NVMe symlinks broken by devices with spaces in model or serial strings" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1647485

 16:08 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1648901 in krb5 (Ubuntu Xenial) "SPNEGO crash on mechanism failure" [Medium,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1648901

 16:09 <caribou> I'm on the sosreport ones

 16:09 <caribou> cpaelzer: how about yours ?

 16:09 <cpaelzer> SRUs I'm currently involved to sponsor, guide or prepare myself

 16:09 <cpaelzer> Trusty - Qemu guide seyeongkim to migrate out of proposed - bug 1587039

 16:09 <ubottu> bug 1587039 in qemu (Ubuntu Trusty) "aio: strengthen memory barriers for bottom half scheduling" [Undecided,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1587039

 16:09 <cpaelzer> Trusty - Qemu guide seyeongkim to migrate out of proposed - bug 1640382

 16:09 <cpaelzer> Trusty - Qemu test and sponsor fix (chiluk) - bug 1655225

 16:09 <ubottu> bug 1655225 in qemu (Ubuntu) "Under heavy load qemu hits bdrv_error_action: Assertion `error >= 0' failed" [Medium,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1655225

 16:09 <cpaelzer> Xenial - Qemu Machine Type, need 2.8 in Z (cpaelzer) - bug 1641532

 16:09 <ubottu> bug 1641532 in qemu (Ubuntu Zesty) "machine-types trusty and utopic are not unique (depend on the qemu version)" [Critical,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1641532

 16:09 <cpaelzer> Xenial - Qemu image azure (nacc) - bug 1490611

 16:09 <ubottu> bug 1490611 in qemu (Ubuntu Xenial) "Using qemu >=2.2.1 to convert raw->VHD (fixed) adds extra padding to the result file, which Microsoft Azure rejects as invalid" [Medium,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1490611

 16:09 <cpaelzer> Xenial - Qemu toleration for power8NVL (cpaelzer) - bug 1656112

 16:09 <cpaelzer> Yakkety - Qemu Machine Type, need 2.8 in Z (cpaelzer) - bug 1641532

 16:09 <ubottu> bug 1656112 in qemu (Ubuntu) "Power S822LC (8335-GTB) failes KVM guest cert test with kvm_init_vcpu failed: Invalid argument" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1656112

 16:09 <cpaelzer> Xenial - Libirt nodecpumap (cpaelzer) - bug 1659769

 16:09 <ubottu> bug 1659769 in libvirt (Ubuntu Xenial) "virsh nodecpumap --pretty shows unwanted cpu map output" [Medium,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1659769

 16:09 <cpaelzer> Xenial - Libirt net script startup, needs bisect (cpaelzer) - bug 1620407

 16:09 <ubottu> bug 1620407 in libvirt (Ubuntu Xenial) "vm startup broken when interface definition has script tag" [Medium,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1620407

 16:09 <cpaelzer> Xenial - Libirt zfs apparmor (cpaelzer) - bug 1641618

 16:09 <ubottu> bug 1641618 in libvirt (Ubuntu Xenial) "Apparmor denials caused by virt-aa-helper trying to read zvol devices (/dev/zdX) should be silenced" [Low,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1641618

 16:10 <jgrimm> wheee

 16:10 <rbasak> #info SRUs are pending for sosreport, ifupdown, os-prober, multipath-tools, python-os-brick, qemu, systemd, krb5 and libvirt.

 16:10 <caribou> rbasak: I'll add that ^ to my report

 16:11 <rbasak> I'm not sure we need the LP bug references tbh. Anyone interested can filter for bug tasks for stable releases.

 16:11 <rbasak> caribou: that'd be handy. Auto-minuting FTW. Thanks!

 16:11 <caribou> rbasak: fine with me

 16:11 <rbasak> Any questions for caribou?

 16:12 <rbasak> jgrimm: anything you'd like to circle back on?

 16:12 <jgrimm> rbasak, no sir

 16:12 <rbasak> #topic Announce next meeting date, time and chair

 16:12 <jgrimm> thanks rbasak

 16:12 <caribou> thanks rbasak

 16:13 <powersj> thanks rbasak

 16:13 <rbasak> The next meeting will be at Tue 7 Feb 16:00:00 UTC.

 16:13 <cpaelzer> thank you

 16:13 <rbasak> I don't know who will chair. We shall see :-)

 16:13 <rbasak> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)