== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting: ubuntu-server-team, 17 Oct at 16:01 &mdash; 16:19 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2017/ubuntu-meeting.2017-10-17-16.01.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Review ACTION points from previous meeting ===
The discussion about "Review ACTION points from previous meeting" started at 16:01.

  * ''ACTION:'' nacc to write a release notes entry on ipv6 netboot (carried over)
  * ''ACTION:'' nacc to write a server guide entry on ipv6 netboot (carried over)

=== Ubuntu Server Development ===
The discussion about "Ubuntu Server Development" started at 16:04.

  * ''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ArtfulAardvark/ReleaseSchedule 
  * ''LINK:'' https://trello.com/b/U9HhWyT0/daily-ubuntu-server 
  * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-aa-tracking-bug-tasks.html#ubuntu-server 
  * Artful release is on Thursday!
 * '''FYI: Interact with the Ubuntu Community''' (16:07)
  * ''LINK:'' https://community.ubuntu.com/ 
  * ''LINK:'' https://askubuntu.com/ 

=== Server & Cloud Bugs & SRU/Pending Uploads (slashd, ddstreet) ===
The discussion about "Server & Cloud Bugs & SRU/Pending Uploads (slashd, ddstreet)" started at 16:09.

  * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-z-tracking-bug-tasks.html#ubuntu-server 
  * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-x-tracking-bug-tasks.html#ubuntu-server 
  * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-t-tracking-bug-tasks.html#ubuntu-server 
  * ''LINK:'' http://pastebin.ubuntu.com/25760028/ 
  * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/simplestreams/+bug/1686437 
  * ''ACTION:'' dpb1 to follow up on #1686437

=== Weekly Updates & Questions for the Kernel Team (smb, sforshee) ===
The discussion about "Weekly Updates & Questions for the Kernel Team (smb, sforshee)" started at 16:13.


=== Open Discussion ===
The discussion about "Open Discussion" started at 16:14.

  * ''LINK:'' http://iso.qa.ubuntu.com/qatracker/milestones/383/builds 
  * ''LINK:'' http://cdimage.ubuntu.com/ubuntu-server/daily-live/current/ 
  * ''LINK:'' http://cdimage.ubuntu.com/ubuntu-server/daily-live/current/ 

=== Announce next meeting date, time and chair ===
The discussion about "Announce next meeting date, time and chair" started at 16:17.

  * Next meeting Tuesday, 2017-10-24 at 1600 UTC, chair will be teward



== Vote results ==




== Action items, by person ==

 * dpb1
  * dpb1 to follow up on #1686437
 * nacc
  * nacc to write a release notes entry on ipv6 netboot (carried over)
  * nacc to write a server guide entry on ipv6 netboot (carried over)



== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * dpb1 (64)
 * ddstreet (8)
 * powersj (7)
 * meetingology (6)
 * cpaelzer (3)
 * nacc (2)
 * rbasak (1)
 * ubottu (1)
 * andreas (1)
 * smb (1)



== Full Log ==


 16:01 <dpb1> #startmeeting ubuntu-server-team

 16:01 <meetingology> Meeting started Tue Oct 17 16:01:15 2017 UTC.  The chair is dpb1. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:01 <meetingology> 

 16:01 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 16:01 <dpb1> welcome everyone

 16:01 <dpb1> you'll notice the blazing bonfire behind you, be careful

 16:01 <dpb1> #topic Review ACTION points from previous meeting

 16:01 <dpb1> * nacc to write a release notes entry on ipv6 netboot (carried over)

 16:01 <dpb1> * nacc to write a server guide entry on ipv6 netboot (carried over)

 16:01 <dpb1> * rbasak to add maintainership info to mysql triage page (carried over)

 16:01 <nacc> dpb1: carry

 16:01 <dpb1> * nacc to consider http2 info in artful release notes (carried over)

 16:02 <dpb1> smoser: I completed yours since the release notes *do* have cloud-init and curtin info on them

 16:02 <dpb1> rbasak: I'm assuming this week is not the week?

 16:02 <rbasak> Right

 16:02 <nacc> dpb1: well and given that it was reverted again, that can be dropped (the apache)

 16:03 <dpb1> thnx

 16:03 <dpb1> will drop from next weeks agenda

 16:03 * dpb1 nacc to write a release notes entry on ipv6 netboot (carried over)

 16:04 <dpb1> #ACTION nacc to write a release notes entry on ipv6 netboot (carried over)

 16:04 * meetingology nacc to write a release notes entry on ipv6 netboot (carried over)

 16:04 <dpb1> there we go

 16:04 <dpb1> #ACTION  nacc to write a server guide entry on ipv6 netboot (carried over)

 16:04 * meetingology nacc to write a server guide entry on ipv6 netboot (carried over)

 16:04 <dpb1> Any other previous business?

 16:04 <dpb1> moving on.

 16:04 <dpb1> #topic Ubuntu Server Development

 16:04 <dpb1> #link https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ArtfulAardvark/ReleaseSchedule

 16:04 <dpb1> #link https://trello.com/b/U9HhWyT0/daily-ubuntu-server

 16:04 <dpb1> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-aa-tracking-bug-tasks.html#ubuntu-server

 16:04 <dpb1> #info Artful release is on Thursday!

 16:05 <cpaelzer> today was a full respin

 16:05 <cpaelzer> so a lot of things waiting got in

 16:05 <cpaelzer> but it might (hopefully) have been the last one

 16:05 <dpb1> Things I'm excited about for early next cycle:  subiquity

 16:05 <dpb1> we'll be making it the default installer soon.

 16:06 * powersj wonders about automated ISO testing then

 16:06 <dpb1> d-i will still be there

 16:06 <dpb1> but in a parallel image

 16:06 <powersj> ah ok

 16:07 <dpb1> but yes, it's something we should look at over the next 6 months

 16:07 <dpb1> I also wanted to remind people of a couple other places where you can interact with the server community

 16:07 <dpb1> #subtopic FYI: Interact with the Ubuntu Community

 16:07 <dpb1> #link https://community.ubuntu.com/

 16:07 <dpb1> #link https://askubuntu.com/

 16:08 <dpb1> the new community hub (at https://community.ubuntu.com/) is gaining traction.  It's discourse based.

 16:08 <andreas> the community one doesn't seem to have a server category yet

 16:08 <dpb1> andreas: so far, I have just seen rbasak over there talking

 16:09 <dpb1> anyway, more of an announcement than anything

 16:09 <dpb1> ok, let's move on, this fire is hot

 16:09 <dpb1> #topic Server & Cloud Bugs & SRU/Pending Uploads (slashd, ddstreet)

 16:09 <dpb1> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-z-tracking-bug-tasks.html#ubuntu-server

 16:09 <dpb1> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-x-tracking-bug-tasks.html#ubuntu-server

 16:09 <dpb1> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-t-tracking-bug-tasks.html#ubuntu-server

 16:09 <ddstreet> #link http://pastebin.ubuntu.com/25760028/

 16:10 <ddstreet> a few bugs, but they are all being worked

 16:10 <dpb1> hi ddstreet

 16:10 <ddstreet> some are waiting for the b-release to open, others are in progress

 16:10 <ddstreet> hi

 16:10 <dpb1> what about #1686437

 16:10 <dpb1> who's working that one?

 16:11 <dpb1> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/simplestreams/+bug/1686437

 16:11 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1686437 in simplestreams (Ubuntu Zesty) "glance sync: need keystone v3 auth support" [Medium,Confirmed]

 16:11 <ddstreet> it's waiting on smoser to provide feedback, i believe

 16:11 <dpb1> bug status on there is weird

 16:11 <ddstreet> on where, that bug?

 16:11 <dpb1> #ACTION dpb1 to follow up on #1686437

 16:11 * meetingology dpb1 to follow up on #1686437

 16:12 <ddstreet> check comment 4, slashd let me know that smoser and thedac would be discussing it

 16:12 * dpb1 nods

 16:12 <ddstreet> so it's waiting on them for next steps

 16:13 <dpb1> ok, thanks ddstreet

 16:13 <dpb1> moving on

 16:13 <dpb1> #topic Weekly Updates & Questions for the Kernel Team (smb, sforshee)

 16:13 <smb> Nothing from my side

 16:14 <dpb1> ok

 16:14 <dpb1> #topic Open Discussion

 16:14 <dpb1> The always popular open discussion section

 16:15 <powersj> If you want to help do some Server ISO testing check out the tracker

 16:15 <powersj> #link http://iso.qa.ubuntu.com/qatracker/milestones/383/builds

 16:15 <powersj> I'll upload automated ISO test results shortly, but having others try it is always good

 16:15 <dpb1> btw

 16:16 <dpb1> the subiquity installer can be tested in artful now

 16:16 <powersj> ah yes the live iso

 16:16 * dpb1 struggles to find link

 16:16 <powersj> http://cdimage.ubuntu.com/ubuntu-server/daily-live/current/

 16:17 <dpb1> #link http://cdimage.ubuntu.com/ubuntu-server/daily-live/current/

 16:17 <dpb1> yes, thanks

 16:17 <dpb1> #topic Announce next meeting date, time and chair

 16:17 <dpb1> #info Next meeting Tuesday, 2017-10-24 at 1600 UTC, chair will be teward

 16:17 <dpb1> teward: that ok with your schedule?

 16:19 <dpb1> teward: ping me in #ubuntu-server with any response. :)

 16:19 <dpb1> take care all!

 16:19 <dpb1> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)