== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting: ubuntu-server-team, 12 Sep at 16:00 &mdash; 16:19 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2017/ubuntu-meeting.2017-09-12-16.00.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Review ACTION points from previous meeting ===
The discussion about "Review ACTION points from previous meeting" started at 16:00.

  * ''ACTION:'' nacc to write a release notes entry on ipv6 netboot (carried over)
  * ''ACTION:'' nacc to write a server guide entry on ipv6 netboot (carried over)
  * ''ACTION:'' rbasak to add maintainership info to mysql triage page (carried over)

=== Artful Development ===
The discussion about "Artful Development" started at 16:02.

  * ''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ArtfulAardvark/ReleaseSchedule 
 * '''Current Work''' (16:03)
  * ''LINK:'' https://trello.com/b/U9HhWyT0/daily-ubuntu-server 
 * '''Release Bugs''' (16:04)
  * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-aa-tracking-bug-tasks.html#ubuntu-server 

=== Server & Cloud Bugs & SRU/Pending Uploads (slashd, ddstreet) ===
The discussion about "Server & Cloud Bugs & SRU/Pending Uploads (slashd, ddstreet)" started at 16:07.

  * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/percona-xtradb-cluster-5.5/+bug/1657256 
  * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/percona-xtradb-cluster-5.5/+bug/1657256 
  * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-z-tracking-bug-tasks.html#ubuntu-server 
  * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-x-tracking-bug-tasks.html#ubuntu-server 

=== Weekly Updates & Questions for the QA Team (powersj) ===
The discussion about "Weekly Updates & Questions for the QA Team (powersj)" started at 16:12.

  * ISO testing is blocked by console-setup issues
  * git-ubuntu has CI
  * ''LINK:'' https://launchpad.net/bugs/1709784 
  * ''LINK:'' https://jenkins.ubuntu.com/server/ 

=== Weekly Updates & Questions for the Kernel Team (smb, sforshee) ===
The discussion about "Weekly Updates & Questions for the Kernel Team (smb, sforshee)" started at 16:14.


=== Upcoming Call For Papers ===
The discussion about "Upcoming Call For Papers" started at 16:15.

  * ''LINK:'' https://lwn.net/Calendar/Monthly/cfp/ 

=== Ubuntu Server Team Events ===
The discussion about "Ubuntu Server Team Events" started at 16:17.


=== Open Discussion ===
The discussion about "Open Discussion" started at 16:17.


=== Announce next meeting date, time and chair ===
The discussion about "Announce next meeting date, time and chair" started at 16:18.

  * Next meeting Tuesday, 2017-09-19 at 1600 UTC, chair will be cpaelzer



== Vote results ==




== Action items, by person ==

 * nacc
  * nacc to write a release notes entry on ipv6 netboot (carried over)
  * nacc to write a server guide entry on ipv6 netboot (carried over)



== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * ahasenack (71)
 * powersj (6)
 * meetingology (6)
 * ddstreet (6)
 * nacc (5)
 * cpaelzer (3)
 * ubottu (2)
 * smb (2)



== Full Log ==


 16:00 <ahasenack> #startmeeting ubuntu-server-team

 16:00 <meetingology> Meeting started Tue Sep 12 16:00:27 2017 UTC.  The chair is ahasenack. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:00 <meetingology> 

 16:00 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 16:00 <powersj> o/

 16:00 <ahasenack> #topic Review ACTION points from previous meeting

 16:01 <ahasenack> 2 for nacc:

 16:01 <ahasenack> * nacc to write a release notes entry on ipv6 netboot (carried over)

 16:01 <ahasenack> * nacc to write a server guide entry on ipv6 netboot (carried over)

 16:01 <nacc> ahasenack: carry

 16:01 <ahasenack> carry over?

 16:01 <ahasenack> ok

 16:01 <ahasenack> #ACTION nacc to write a release notes entry on ipv6 netboot (carried over)

 16:01 * meetingology nacc to write a release notes entry on ipv6 netboot (carried over)

 16:01 <ahasenack> #ACTION nacc to write a server guide entry on ipv6 netboot (carried over)

 16:01 * meetingology nacc to write a server guide entry on ipv6 netboot (carried over)

 16:01 <ahasenack> * rbasak to add maintainership info to mysql triage page (carried over)

 16:01 <ahasenack> he is off this week, so I will carry over

 16:02 <ahasenack> #ACTION rbasak to add maintainership info to mysql triage page (carried over)

 16:02 * meetingology rbasak to add maintainership info to mysql triage page (carried over)

 16:02 <ahasenack> #topic Artful Development

 16:02 <ahasenack> #link https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ArtfulAardvark/ReleaseSchedule

 16:02 <ahasenack> next important date is...

 16:02 <ahasenack> final beta on the 28th

 16:03 <ahasenack> and final beta freeze the monday before, so 25th

 16:03 <ahasenack> #subtopic Current Work

 16:03 <ahasenack> #link https://trello.com/b/U9HhWyT0/daily-ubuntu-server

 16:03 <ahasenack> that's our public trello board

 16:03 <cpaelzer> o/ late

 16:04 <ahasenack> we had two review columns (lists) in there, they were merged into one earlier this week

 16:04 <ahasenack> there was no need for such fine grained detail

 16:04 <ahasenack> now it fits in most widescreen monitors :)

 16:04 <ahasenack> #subtopic Release Bugs

 16:04 <ahasenack> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-aa-tracking-bug-tasks.html#ubuntu-server

 16:05 <ahasenack> I think if someone is working on a bug that he/she wants in artful, it should be nominated as such, then it will show up in this list

 16:05 <ahasenack> bugfix*, rather :)

 16:06 <ahasenack> I don't think the server team is using the milestones, at least I haven't seen them being used

 16:06 <ahasenack> but there is a 17.10 milestone for ubuntu

 16:06 <ahasenack> any comments?

 16:07 <ahasenack> moving on

 16:07 <cpaelzer> yes

 16:07 <cpaelzer> (to moving on)

 16:07 <ahasenack> ah :)

 16:07 <ahasenack> #topic Server & Cloud Bugs & SRU/Pending Uploads (slashd, ddstreet)

 16:07 <ahasenack> ddstreet: anything for us?

 16:07 <ddstreet> only update is the percona lp bug has a new patch attached that fixes the FTBFS

 16:07 <ddstreet> waiting for rbasak to review it

 16:07 <ddstreet> no other updates from STS team

 16:07 <ahasenack> he is on PTO this week

 16:08 <ahasenack> do you have a link to that bug?

 16:08 <ahasenack> so we can record it here

 16:08 <ddstreet> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/percona-xtradb-cluster-5.5/+bug/1657256

 16:08 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1657256 in percona-xtradb-cluster-5.6 (Ubuntu) "Percona crashes when doing a a 'larger' update" [Medium,In progress]

 16:08 <ahasenack> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/percona-xtradb-cluster-5.5/+bug/1657256

 16:08 <ahasenack> ddstreet: is that fixed in artful?

 16:08 <ddstreet> the patch is for artful

 16:08 <ahasenack> ok

 16:09 <ahasenack> hm, this bug should show up in the artful report from earlier

 16:09 <nacc> ahasenack: no, it's not targetting artful explicitly

 16:09 <nacc> hence why the above report is basically terminally brokenn

 16:09 <ahasenack> I added an artful nomination

 16:09 <nacc> we don't use it

 16:09 <ahasenack> if it's accepted, then it would show up there I think

 16:09 <nacc> ahasenack: yes, but it's not necessary in general

 16:10 <ahasenack> can someone other than rbasak review that? If not, then only when he is back, very close to the beta freeze

 16:11 <ahasenack> moving on

 16:11 <ddstreet> it would be great it anyone else could review it, though it can wait if not

 16:11 <ahasenack> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-z-tracking-bug-tasks.html#ubuntu-server

 16:11 <ahasenack> and

 16:11 <ahasenack> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-x-tracking-bug-tasks.html#ubuntu-server

 16:11 <ahasenack> if someone wants to call out any specific bugs

 16:12 <ahasenack> moving on

 16:12 <ahasenack> #topic Weekly Updates & Questions for the QA Team (powersj)

 16:13 <powersj> Server ISOs are currently red due to a priority change, causing testing to fail. The priority change was with console-setup. A fix is committed, however, as of today I still see failures. Also ppc64el testing is on hold due to LP: #1709784

 16:13 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1709784 in linux (Ubuntu Xenial) "KVM on 16.04.3 throws an error" [Critical,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1709784

 16:13 <powersj> Last week also helped the git-ubuntu folks get linting and integration testing added to their CI. yea! \o/

 16:13 <powersj> This week my hope is to land the KVM backend for cloud-init testing and get ISO tests going again.

 16:13 <powersj> #info ISO testing is blocked by console-setup issues

 16:13 <powersj> #info git-ubuntu has CI

 16:13 <ahasenack> #link https://launchpad.net/bugs/1709784

 16:14 <ahasenack> thanks powersj

 16:14 <ahasenack> oops, missed a link

 16:14 <ahasenack> #link https://jenkins.ubuntu.com/server/

 16:14 <ahasenack> moving on

 16:14 <ahasenack> #topic Weekly Updates & Questions for the Kernel Team (smb, sforshee)

 16:14 <smb> Artful kernel will switch to 4.13 with the next proposed migration. Not sure how soon that is as this week there is Linux Plumbers which some attend.

 16:14 <smb> That would be all if there are no questions

 16:15 <ahasenack> thanks smb

 16:15 <ahasenack> #topic Upcoming Call For Papers

 16:15 <ahasenack> #link https://lwn.net/Calendar/Monthly/cfp/

 16:16 <ahasenack> I see https://cfp.openfest.org/?locale=en on the 15th

 16:16 <ahasenack> netdev  http://www.netdevconf.org/2.2/submit-proposal.html on the 20th

 16:16 <ahasenack> t-dose https://www.t-dose.org/2017/cfp on the 30th

 16:17 <ahasenack> #topic Ubuntu Server Team Events

 16:17 <ahasenack> none that I'm aware of?

 16:17 <ahasenack> ok, last topic

 16:17 <ahasenack> #topic Open Discussion

 16:17 <ahasenack> anyone want to bring something up?

 16:18 <ahasenack> #topic Announce next meeting date, time and chair

 16:19 <ahasenack> #info Next meeting Tuesday, 2017-09-19 at 1600 UTC, chair will be cpaelzer

 16:19 <ahasenack> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)