== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting: ubuntu-server-team, 01 Aug at 16:05 &mdash; 16:18 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2017/ubuntu-meeting.2017-08-01-16.05.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Review ACTION points from previous meeting ===
The discussion about "Review ACTION points from previous meeting" started at 16:05.

  * ''ACTION:'' nacc to write a release notes entry on ipv6 netboot (carried over)
  * ''ACTION:'' nacc to write a server guide entry on ipv6 netboot (carried over)
  * ''ACTION:'' rbasak to add maintainership info to mysql triage page (carried over)
  * ''DONE:'' rharper to write a release notes entry on v2 yaml support in cloud-init

=== Artful Development ===
The discussion about "Artful Development" started at 16:09.

  * ''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ArtfulAardvark/ReleaseSchedule 
 * '''Current Work''' (16:10)
  * ''LINK:'' https://trello.com/b/U9HhWyT0/daily-ubuntu-server 
 * '''Release Bugs''' (16:12)
  * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-aa-tracking-bug-tasks.html#ubuntu-server 

=== Server & Cloud Bugs & SRU/Pending Uploads (slashd, ddstreet) ===
The discussion about "Server & Cloud Bugs & SRU/Pending Uploads (slashd, ddstreet)" started at 16:14.

  * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-z-tracking-bug-tasks.html#ubuntu-server 
  * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-x-tracking-bug-tasks.html#ubuntu-server 

=== Weekly Updates & Questions for the QA Team (powersj) ===
The discussion about "Weekly Updates & Questions for the QA Team (powersj)" started at 16:14.

  * ''LINK:'' https://jenkins.ubuntu.com/server/ 

=== Weekly Updates & Questions for the Kernel Team (smb, sforshee) ===
The discussion about "Weekly Updates & Questions for the Kernel Team (smb, sforshee)" started at 16:15.


=== Upcoming Call For Papers ===
The discussion about "Upcoming Call For Papers" started at 16:16.

  * ''LINK:'' https://lwn.net/Calendar/Monthly/cfp/ 
  * ''LINK:'' http://www.open-zfs.org/wiki/OpenZFS_Developer_Summit 
  * ''LINK:'' https://discuss.linuxcontainers.org/t/containers-micro-conference-at-linux-plumbers-2017/262 

=== Ubuntu Server Team Events ===
The discussion about "Ubuntu Server Team Events" started at 16:16.


=== Open Discussion ===
The discussion about "Open Discussion" started at 16:17.


=== Announce next meeting date, time and chair ===
The discussion about "Announce next meeting date, time and chair" started at 16:17.

  * Next meeting Tuesday, 2017-08-08 at 1600 UTC, chair will be rbasak



== Vote results ==




== Action items, by person ==

 * nacc
  * nacc to write a release notes entry on ipv6 netboot (carried over)
  * nacc to write a server guide entry on ipv6 netboot (carried over)
 * rbasak
  * rbasak to add maintainership info to mysql triage page (carried over)



== Done items ==

 * rharper to write a release notes entry on v2 yaml support in cloud-init



== People present (lines said) ==

 * nacc (53)
 * rharper (9)
 * meetingology (6)
 * meetingology` (5)
 * rbasak (4)
 * powersj (3)
 * smoser (2)
 * slashd (2)
 * ahasenack (1)
 * ubottu (1)
 * smb (1)



== Full Log ==


 16:05 <nacc> #startmeeting ubuntu-server-team

 16:05 <meetingology`> Meeting started Tue Aug  1 16:05:23 2017 UTC.  The chair is nacc. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:05 <meetingology`> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 16:05 <meetingology> Meeting started Tue Aug  1 16:05:23 2017 UTC.  The chair is nacc. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:05 <meetingology> 

 16:05 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 16:05 <nacc> #topic Review ACTION points from previous meeting

 16:05 <nacc> hrm, two bots :/

 16:05 <nacc> noise aside -- did anyone get to their action items? :)

 16:06 <rbasak> Yesterday we had no bots :-/

 16:06 <powersj> o/

 16:06 <nacc> specifically, myself (no), rbasak and rharper

 16:06 <rharper> nacc: I've done one that should be marked done

 16:06 <rbasak> No, sorry. Please carry over.

 16:07 <rharper> the release notes have a pointer to the updated network config

 16:07 <rbasak> It is working its way up my list

 16:07 <nacc> rharper: ok

 16:07 <rharper> I've punted on the serverguide one

 16:07 <nacc> rbasak: ok

 16:07 <nacc> #action nacc to write a release notes entry on ipv6 netboot (carried over)

 16:07 * meetingology nacc to write a release notes entry on ipv6 netboot (carried over)

 16:07 * meetingology` nacc to write a release notes entry on ipv6 netboot (carried over)

 16:07 <rharper> I had also updated the irc paste examples topoint to the trello link instead of blueprints

 16:07 <nacc> #action nacc to write a server guide entry on ipv6 netboot (carried over)

 16:07 * meetingology nacc to write a server guide entry on ipv6 netboot (carried over)

 16:07 * meetingology` nacc to write a server guide entry on ipv6 netboot (carried over)

 16:07 <rharper> I think those were the two actions I've completed

 16:07 <nacc> #action rbasak to add maintainership info to mysql triage page (carried over)

 16:07 * meetingology rbasak to add maintainership info to mysql triage page (carried over)

 16:07 * meetingology` rbasak to add maintainership info to mysql triage page (carried over)

 16:08 <nacc> #done rharper to write a release notes entry on v2 yaml support in cloud-init

 16:08 <rharper> thx

 16:08 <nacc> rharper: so punting on serverguide --> means it shoudl be dropped from the wiki?

 16:09 <nacc> rharper: just let me know and i'll update the wiki

 16:09 <nacc> #topic Artful Development

 16:09 <nacc> #link https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ArtfulAardvark/ReleaseSchedule

 16:10 <nacc> feature freeze in about 3 weeks

 16:10 <nacc> please check grep-merges, etc. to be sure you're caught up on TIL work

 16:10 <nacc> #subtopic Current Work

 16:10 <nacc> #link https://trello.com/b/U9HhWyT0/daily-ubuntu-server

 16:10 <nacc> we agreed to put numactl (binary) on the ISOs, I'll be updating the seeds today

 16:11 <nacc> LP: #1700826

 16:11 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1700826 in ubuntu-meta (Ubuntu Zesty) "please include numactl on the ubuntu-server iso" [Undecided,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1700826

 16:11 <rharper> nacc: it means it's more work to add a new section (and finding the right place for it; there isn't a cloud-init section at all, so it might be strange to put a single entry without more content)

 16:11 <nacc> rharper: ack, so i think that means deletion? :)

 16:11 <nacc> (of the task)

 16:11 <rharper> or replacing it with the larger one (add cloud-init section to the serverguide)

 16:12 <rharper> which is debatable w.r.t cloud-init in the serverguide

 16:12 <nacc> ack

 16:12 <nacc> #subtopic Release Bugs

 16:12 <nacc> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-aa-tracking-bug-tasks.html#ubuntu-server

 16:13 <ahasenack> that's a small list

 16:13 <nacc> yeah, we don't really use that list that extensively

 16:13 <nacc> moving on...

 16:14 <nacc> #topic Server & Cloud Bugs & SRU/Pending Uploads (slashd, ddstreet)

 16:14 <slashd> Business as usual for us, no ongoing SRU. Everything ongoing has been released in -updates this early this morning by Adam (before the 16.04.3 release freeze of this week).

 16:14 <slashd> We are still working on the main inclusion of "pcp". We will resume the work once dgadomski come back from conference/vacation, since he was working on the autopkgtest scripts creation.

 16:14 <nacc> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-z-tracking-bug-tasks.html#ubuntu-server

 16:14 <nacc> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-x-tracking-bug-tasks.html#ubuntu-server

 16:14 <nacc> slashd: thanks!

 16:14 <nacc> #topic Weekly Updates & Questions for the QA Team (powersj)

 16:14 <powersj> Last week, worked on developing my DebConf presentation and various infrastructure work. This week, Xenial ISO testing and more cloud-init work.

 16:14 <nacc> #link https://jenkins.ubuntu.com/server/

 16:14 <powersj> questions?

 16:15 <nacc> moving on :)

 16:15 <nacc> #topic Weekly Updates & Questions for the Kernel Team (smb, sforshee)

 16:15 <smb> Artful kernel: planning to move to a 4.12 kernel after the current 4.11 in proposed goes to updates. Work on 4.13 started. Are there questions?

 16:16 <nacc> moving on :)

 16:16 <nacc> #topic Upcoming Call For Papers

 16:16 <nacc> #link https://lwn.net/Calendar/Monthly/cfp/

 16:16 <nacc> #link http://www.open-zfs.org/wiki/OpenZFS_Developer_Summit

 16:16 <nacc> #link https://discuss.linuxcontainers.org/t/containers-micro-conference-at-linux-plumbers-2017/262

 16:16 <nacc> nothing immediately stands out

 16:16 <nacc> #topic Ubuntu Server Team Events

 16:16 <nacc> nothing currently planned, afaik

 16:17 <nacc> #topic Open Discussion

 16:17 <nacc> 3

 16:17 <nacc> 2

 16:17 <nacc> 1

 16:17 <nacc> #topic Announce next meeting date, time and chair

 16:17 <nacc> smoser is up to chair, same time & place, next week

 16:17 * smoser will need a rain check

 16:17 <smoser> i will be out for 2 weeks.

 16:18 <nacc> rbasak: you ok to go next?

 16:18 <rbasak> ack

 16:18 <nacc> #info Next meeting Tuesday, 2017-08-08 at 1600 UTC, chair will be rbasak

 16:18 <nacc> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)