== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 08 May at 16:35 &mdash; 16:57 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2017/ubuntu-meeting.2017-05-08-16.35.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting 
=== Announcements ===
The discussion about "Announcements" started at 16:35.


=== Weekly stand-up report ===
The discussion about "Weekly stand-up report" started at 16:35.


=== Highlighted packages ===
The discussion about "Highlighted packages" started at 16:52.

  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/pyrad.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/plasma-workspace.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/pcs.html 

=== Miscellaneous and Questions ===
The discussion about "Miscellaneous and Questions" started at 16:52.

  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/claws-mail.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/golang-github-appc-docker2aci.html 



== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * tyhicks (45)
 * mdeslaur (9)
 * sbeattie (9)
 * jjohansen (9)
 * ratliff (6)
 * jdstrand (6)
 * sarnold (4)
 * chrisccoulson (3)
 * meetingology (3)
 * ubottu (1)



== Full Log ==


 16:35 <tyhicks> #startmeeting

 16:35 <meetingology> Meeting started Mon May  8 16:35:11 2017 UTC.  The chair is tyhicks. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:35 <meetingology> 

 16:35 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 16:35 <tyhicks> The meeting agenda can be found at:

 16:35 <tyhicks> [LINK] https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting

 16:35 <tyhicks> [TOPIC] Announcements

 16:35 <tyhicks> Jeremy Bicha (jbicha) provided debdiffs for trusty-zesty for weechat (LP: #1686478)

 16:35 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1686478 in weechat (Ubuntu) " CVE-2017-8073 weechat remote crash" [Undecided,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1686478

 16:35 <mdeslaur> \o

 16:35 <tyhicks> Thank you for your assistance in keeping Ubuntu users secure! :)

 16:35 <tyhicks> [TOPIC] Weekly stand-up report

 16:35 <tyhicks> jdstrand: you're up

 16:35 <jdstrand> Got through a lot of the snappy PRs and store reviews the last two weeks. As of this second, caught up, but dbus activation and update-ns PRs are looming. All my PRs are merged

 16:35 <jdstrand> picked up the uid/gid seccomp filtering branch since it sounds like people are assigned to worked on privilege dropping in snaps and this is a requirement for that work

 16:35 <jdstrand> embargoed issue

 16:35 <jdstrand> wayland/gnome/plasma and kubernetes-support after

 16:36 <jdstrand> that's it from me

 16:36 <jdstrand> mdeslaur: you're up

 16:36 <mdeslaur> I'm on community this week

 16:37 <mdeslaur> I have a whole bunch of updates I'm currently testing to release this week, including tomcat7, tomcat8, apache2, freetype, etc.

 16:37 <mdeslaur> that's probably all I'll be doing

 16:37 <mdeslaur> that it, sbeattie, you're up

 16:37 <sbeattie> I'm on bug triage this week

 16:38 <sbeattie> I've got openjdk-8 updates pending, and will hopefully have openjdk-7 soon.

 16:38 <sbeattie> I'm also working on a libplist update

 16:38 <sbeattie> I have some kernel signoff and triage to do.

 16:38 <sbeattie> After that, I'll look for more updates to pick up

 16:39 <sbeattie> That'll consume my week.

 16:39 <sbeattie> tyhicks: over to you

 16:39 <tyhicks> I'm on cve triage

 16:39 <tyhicks> I've got a number of followups to do from the roadmap sprint last week

 16:40 <tyhicks> I need to drive the design of the final bit of the seccomp kernel patches to completion

 16:40 <tyhicks> I may also get a chance to start working with the fscrypto userspace code this week

 16:41 <tyhicks> that's it for me

 16:41 <tyhicks> jjohansen: you're up

 16:41 <jjohansen> I am working on apparmor upstreaming this week

 16:41 <jjohansen> I have a few bugs to follow-up on

 16:42 <jjohansen> but other than that, it is all upstreaming work

 16:42 <tyhicks> jjohansen: what specifically are you working on for upstreaming this week?

 16:43 <tyhicks> a couple weeks ago it was dealing with apparmofs changes and checkpatch cleanups

 16:43 * tyhicks is mainly curious if you've hit any blockers around those two

 16:43 <jjohansen> I have a revised, smaller securityfs patch that I should be able to send up today. The securityfs portion is done, I am just doing some revision on the supporting apparmor bit

 16:43 <jjohansen> it reduces the securityfs changes to just what is needed to support adding symlinks

 16:44 <jjohansen> much smaller than the old change

 16:44 <tyhicks> nice

 16:44 <tyhicks> thanks

 16:45 <jjohansen> there are still some check patch changes to do

 16:45 <jjohansen> and I have a list of other random fixes that I know of to preform

 16:47 <tyhicks> ok

 16:47 <tyhicks> I had one more thing for myself. I need to retire precise from UCT and open precise/esm in UCT.

 16:47 <mdeslaur> \o/

 16:47 <tyhicks> sarnold: I think jjohansen is done now

 16:48 <sarnold> i'm in the happy place this week

 16:48 <jjohansen> well, sure I was just digging up the list

 16:48 <sarnold> returning to MIRs

 16:48 <tyhicks> jjohansen: we can sync up on those details later

 16:48 <sarnold> that's it for me, chrisccoulson?

 16:48 <chrisccoulson> I've got chromium, firefox and thunderbird to release this week

 16:48 <sarnold> wow

 16:49 <chrisccoulson> I also need to finish my new script for automating symbol uploads, so I can stop doing it manually

 16:49 <chrisccoulson> I'm not sure what else yet. That's me done

 16:50 <tyhicks> ratliff: you're up

 16:50 <ratliff> I'm in the happy place. I have a number of tasks from the sprint.

 16:51 <ratliff> I'm going to work on an icu update for esm.

 16:51 <ratliff> I'm going to instantiate the notification service.

 16:51 <ratliff> If I have time, I will do an update for UC15.

 16:51 <ratliff> that's it for me, back to you, tyhicks

 16:51 <tyhicks> thanks

 16:52 <tyhicks> [TOPIC] Highlighted packages

 16:52 <tyhicks> The Ubuntu Security team will highlight some community-supported packages that might be good candidates for updating and or triaging. If you would like to help Ubuntu and not sure where to start, this is a great way to do so.

 16:52 <tyhicks> See https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/UpdateProcedures for details and if you have any questions, feel free to ask in #ubuntu-security. To find out other ways of helping out, please see https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/GettingInvolved.

 16:52 <tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/pyrad.html

 16:52 <tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/plasma-workspace.html

 16:52 <tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/pcs.html

 16:52 <tyhicks> [TOPIC] Miscellaneous and Questions

 16:52 <tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/claws-mail.html

 16:52 <tyhicks> Does anyone have any other questions or items to discuss?

 16:52 <tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/golang-github-appc-docker2aci.html

 16:53 <sbeattie> tyhicks: not to discuss particularly, but related to what ratliff said, there's ESM infrastructure tasks that will need to be done.

 16:54 <tyhicks> sbeattie: I think I've got most of the tasks to perform locally documented but you're right that we'll need to do some infrastructure things

 16:54 <tyhicks> sbeattie: I'll try to knock those out today/tomorrow

 16:54 <tyhicks> ratliff: fyi ^

 16:54 <sbeattie> tyhicks: sure, I'm happy to help there, too.

 16:55 <ratliff> thanks, tyhicks and sbeattie

 16:55 <tyhicks> ok

 16:55 <mdeslaur> ratliff: does anything actually use icu in the esm packageset?

 16:56 <tyhicks> shh

 16:56 <tyhicks> there's a reason why it is the first :)

 16:56 * mdeslaur shuts up

 16:56 <tyhicks> it'll be a good test

 16:57 <tyhicks> it is in the list but there's not much there that depends on it

 16:57 <tyhicks> jdstrand, mdeslaur, sbeattie, jjohansen, sarnold, ChrisCoulson, ratliff: Thanks!

 16:57 <mdeslaur> thanks tyhicks

 16:57 <tyhicks> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)