== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting: DMB, 08 May at 15:11 &mdash; 15:49 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2017/ubuntu-meeting.2017-05-08-15.11.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Review of previous action items ===
The discussion about "Review of previous action items" started at 15:11.


=== Applications ===
The discussion about "Applications" started at 15:12.

  * There are no applications on today's agenda.

=== Outstanding mailing list requests to assign ===
The discussion about "Outstanding mailing list requests to assign" started at 15:12.

  * ''ACTION:'' bdmurray to handle GunnarHj's GNOME Help packages PPU request

=== Any other business ===
The discussion about "Any other business" started at 15:16.

  * ''LINK:'' https://git.launchpad.net/network-manager/log/ 
  * ''LINK:'' https://git.launchpad.net/~network-manager/network-manager/+git/ubuntu-applet/log/ 
  * ''LINK:'' https://irclogs.ubuntu.com/2013/09/09/%23ubuntu-meeting.html is relevant.
  * ''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/UbuntuDevelopers#PerPackage 



== Vote results ==




== Action items, by person ==

 * bdmurray
  * bdmurray to handle GunnarHj's GNOME Help packages PPU request



== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * rbasak (47)
 * bdmurray (20)
 * jbicha (8)
 * meetingology (4)
 * Laney (2)
 * sil2100 (2)
 * ubottu (1)



== Full Log ==


 15:11 <rbasak> #startmeeting DMB

 15:11 <meetingology> Meeting started Mon May  8 15:11:31 2017 UTC.  The chair is rbasak. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 15:11 <meetingology> 

 15:11 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 15:11 <rbasak> Might as well be me rather than me waiting around.

 15:11 <rbasak> #topic Review of previous action items

 15:11 <rbasak> rbasak to sort Aron's request (carried-over)

 15:12 <rbasak> I was looking at this earlier, and would like a second opinion. But I'll move on for now.

 15:12 <rbasak> #topic Applications

 15:12 <rbasak> #info There are no applications on today's agenda.

 15:12 <rbasak> #topic Outstanding mailing list requests to assign

 15:13 <rbasak> One from Gunnar about GNOME Help packages. Is someone availalble to take that please?

 15:14 <rbasak> I see no other outstanding requests.

 15:14 <rbasak> Any volunteers?

 15:14 <bdmurray> rbasak: that's just adding packages?

 15:15 <bdmurray> If so give it to me.

 15:15 <rbasak> I think so.

 15:15 <bdmurray> Well either way, I'll do it.

 15:15 <rbasak> It might the description of personal-gunnarhj changing too.

 15:15 <rbasak> Thanks!

 15:15 <rbasak> #action bdmurray to handle GunnarHj's GNOME Help packages PPU request

 15:15 * meetingology bdmurray to handle GunnarHj's GNOME Help packages PPU request

 15:15 <jbicha> happyaron also requested his packageset be updated

 15:16 <rbasak> Yeah, see above - I'll discuss that next.

 15:16 <rbasak> #topic Any other business

 15:17 <rbasak> I'm not sure on what basis to handle happyaron's request. Do I just verify that he's listed in the Debian Uploaders field?

 15:17 <rbasak> As network-manager seems like quite a step up from some packages in universe from an Ubuntu perspective.

 15:18 <rbasak> The others seem straightforward to me, with dkms perhaps in the middle.

 15:18 <rbasak> For reference: https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/devel-permissions/2017-April/001100.html

 15:18 <bdmurray> Do we know what his original application was like?

 15:19 <rbasak> I think it might be before my time. I'll see if I can find it.

 15:21 <rbasak> I can only find https://wiki.ubuntu.com/AronXu/DeveloperApplication, which was presumably unsuccessful. Or was that converted to PPU maybe?

 15:22 <jbicha> hi, I hope I'm not interrupting but happyaron has been one of the main maintainers of NM in Ubuntu:

 15:22 <jbicha> https://git.launchpad.net/network-manager/log/

 15:22 <jbicha> https://git.launchpad.net/~network-manager/network-manager/+git/ubuntu-applet/log/

 15:22 <bdmurray> I think because network-manager is seeded it requires some further discussion.

 15:24 <rbasak> https://irclogs.ubuntu.com/2013/09/09/%23ubuntu-meeting.html is relevant.

 15:25 <rbasak> That's Aron's core dev application (unsuccessful) and it looks like the ubuntukylin packageset was created instead.

 15:25 <bdmurray> https://wiki.ubuntu.com/UbuntuDevelopers#PerPackage

 15:26 <bdmurray> That makes reference to "need to show ... previous work on the package" and "previous concern for the package ... in Ubuntu" - so I think an application needs to be more than just add these.

 15:27 <rbasak> I suppose that applies to all of them?

 15:27 <rbasak> Shall I reply and ask him to address that bullet point for the packages he's requesting?

 15:28 <Laney> The DD process applies to happyaron. https://wiki.ubuntu.com/DeveloperMembershipBoard/ApplicationProcess

 15:28 <bdmurray> Well maybe not for DDs, but I'm concerned about this in particular because of bug 1676547.

 15:28 <ubottu> bug 1676547 in network-manager (Ubuntu) "No network connectivity after upgrade from 16.04 to 16.10" [Critical,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1676547

 15:30 <rbasak> OK, so what should I do next?

 15:33 <bdmurray> I think the guidelines for DDs are clear and we should just add it, but I personally have reservations.  So then the question is do we, the DMB, get to exercise judgement in this (DD) case.

 15:34 <rbasak> The DMB set the DD guidelines, so the DMB absolutely can exercise judgement so we so choose.

 15:34 <jbicha> bdmurray: is 1676547 happyaron's fault? I'm not sure how relevant that bug is here?

 15:35 <rbasak> And if we do choose, then perhaps that's an indication that the DD guideline needs amending.

 15:35 <jbicha> (and I apologize if I'm speaking out of turn here)

 15:35 <bdmurray> jbicha: cyphermox could explain better but as I understand it the SRU of network-manager to xenial add new capabilities which were not accounted for in Yakkeyt.

 15:36 <jbicha> ah ok

 15:36 <bdmurray> So if you had the X SRU installed and upgraded to yakkety you'd have no network. If you didn't have the n-m SRU you'd be fine.

 15:36 <rbasak> Perhaps the DD guidelines need amending to make it clear that the same original criteria must still apply to the packages being requested?

 15:36 <jbicha> I think I helped sponsor those SRUs :(

 15:37 <Laney> The page I linked says you can seek assurances if you think the new packages have more 'impact'.

 15:38 <bdmurray> Well not many people upgrade from X to Y this late, but still even if it didn't impact many people its not a great experience.

 15:39 <bdmurray> rbasak: So I think network-manager is worth some further discussion.

 15:40 <rbasak> OK

 15:40 <rbasak> What about the others?

 15:40 <rbasak> dkms?

 15:41 <rbasak> ocserv and proxychains are I think probably uncontroversial?

 15:41 <bdmurray> rbasak: thinking about dkms

 15:42 <bdmurray> that's also seeded so maybe it should be discussed too?

 15:42 <rbasak> #agreed Aron Xu's DD-based PPU request for network-manager needs further discussion

 15:42 <rbasak> OK

 15:43 <sil2100> I see only one direct ubuntu upload of dkms made by him

 15:43 <rbasak> #agreed Aron Xu's DD-based PPU request for dkms is similarly seeded so should probably be part of the same discussion

 15:43 <rbasak> ocserv and proxychains are I think probably uncontroversial?

 15:44 <bdmurray> agreed

 15:44 <sil2100> +1

 15:45 <rbasak> #agreed +1 for Aron Xu's DD-based PPU requests for ocserv and proxychains

 15:45 <bdmurray> rbasak: although proxychains was already in his list...

 15:45 <rbasak> Thanks all. I'll reply to the list.

 15:45 <rbasak> Hmm. OK!

 15:45 <bdmurray> rbasak: also you said ocserv and he said ocsev

 15:46 <rbasak> I think he typoed it. What he said didn't seem to exist, and so I looked up his Debian maintainerships.

 15:46 <bdmurray> Hmm, okay.

 15:47 <rbasak> I guess that's it for Aron for this meeting today then?

 15:47 <rbasak> Any other AOB?

 15:47 <bdmurray> not from me

 15:49 <rbasak> That'll be it then. Thanks all!

 15:49 <rbasak> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)