== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team meeting, started by juliank, 20 Mar at 15:03 &mdash; 15:33 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2025/ubuntu-meeting.2025-03-20-15.03.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning rounds ===

Discussion started by juliank at 15:03.

 * ''LINK:'' https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/foundations-team-updates-thursday-2024-03-20/   (juliank, 15:03)

=== Release incoming bugs ===

Discussion started by juliank at 15:13.

 * ''LINK:'' http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/rls-mgr/rls-pp-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs   (juliank, 15:13)
 * ''LINK:'' https://lists.gnu.org/archive/html/bug-coreutils/2025-02/msg00029.html   (enr0n, 15:21)

=== Team proposed-migration report ===

Discussion started by juliank at 15:23.

 * ''LINK:'' https://ubuntu-archive-team.ubuntu.com/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs   (juliank, 15:23)

=== AOB ===

Discussion started by juliank at 15:28.




== People present (lines said) ==

 * juliank (46)
 * schopin (7)
 * enr0n (7)
 * bdrung (6)
 * doko (5)
 * meetingology (2)
 * r41k0u (2)
 * andersson123 (1)
 * levihackerman (1)
 * waveform (1)
 * mkukri (1)



== Full log ==


 15:03 <juliank> #startmeeting Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team

 15:03 <meetingology> Meeting started at 15:03:29 UTC.  The chair is juliank.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 15:03 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 15:03 <juliank> #topic Lightning rounds

 15:03 <juliank> #link https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/foundations-team-updates-thursday-2024-03-20/

 15:07 <andersson123> o/

 15:11 <levihackerman> o/

 15:13 <juliank> #topic Release incoming bugs

 15:13 <juliank> My irc seems to lack a bit

 15:13 <juliank> #link http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/rls-mgr/rls-pp-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 15:14 <juliank> bug 2101101 is glibc upload and pending

 15:14 <schopin> yup

 15:14 <juliank> Did I forget to untag it

 15:14 <juliank> oh well

 15:14 <juliank> bug 2102236

 15:14 <juliank> enr0n: Shall I simply untag it?

 15:15 <juliank> Since you are uploading it tomorrow?

 15:15 <enr0n> juliank: yeah that's triaged and on my radar

 15:15 <bdrung> glad that my involvement was not needed for that one

 15:15 <juliank> bug 2103489

 15:15 <juliank> This is not actually a bug afaiui?

 15:17 <juliank> enr0n: you linked to release notes, should this be wont fix?

 15:17 <enr0n> well yeah that's my opinion

 15:17 <enr0n> but I wanted to bring it to this meeting for input

 15:17 <juliank> it sounds like the right thing to me

 15:18 <enr0n> ack

 15:18 <bdrung> is there discussion to add systemd-logind support to the coreutils who command?

 15:19 <bdrung> or to improve the error message?

 15:19 <schopin> also, does uutils have support for it?

 15:19 <schopin> :)

 15:19 <bdrung> and what about busybox?

 15:19 <juliank> heh

 15:19 <juliank> that may be nice

 15:20 <enr0n> I am almost certain that there is a bug open for coreutils

 15:20 <enr0n> looking

 15:20 <waveform> busybox likewise outputs nothing :)

 15:21 <juliank> I marked the coreutils bug as triaged

 15:21 <juliank> I also untagged it

 15:21 <enr0n> https://lists.gnu.org/archive/html/bug-coreutils/2025-02/msg00029.html

 15:22 <juliank> Adding debian bug link

 15:22 <juliank> Seems like something upstream can fix

 15:23 <juliank> or has fixed

 15:23 <juliank> :D

 15:23 <juliank> But not a huge priority t o take care of

 15:23 <juliank> There are no other bugs to discuss in {oo,nn,jj,ff}

 15:23 <juliank> #topic Team proposed-migration report

 15:23 <juliank> #link https://ubuntu-archive-team.ubuntu.com/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs

 15:24 <juliank> Alright everything up to bash is assigned or in bash's case, tsimonq2's problem to solve

 15:24 <schopin> actually mine

 15:25 <schopin> aka "wrong Simon"

 15:25 <juliank> oh that was another glibc one

 15:25 <juliank> I forget each time

 15:26 <juliank> gcc-14 doko

 15:26 <juliank> cifs-utils mkukri

 15:26 <juliank> fakeroot mwhudson

 15:27 <juliank> expat paride

 15:27 <juliank> oh

 15:27 <mkukri> ack

 15:27 <schopin> I'm OOO next week, fyi

 15:27 <r41k0u> I can take it up

 15:28 <doko> build-essential ... all the cross packages not targeting an Ubuntu arch should be dropped

 15:28 <juliank> expat r41k0u

 15:28 <r41k0u> ack

 15:28 <juliank> #topic AOB

 15:30 <juliank> doko: the build-essential  task was added to jira and assigned to you some week(s?) ago

 15:30 <juliank> March 6

 15:30 <doko> mehh, and who synced that?

 15:31 <doko> ahh, bad bdrung ;)

 15:31 * bdrung hides

 15:31 <doko> ok, I'll take a look

 15:31 <bdrung> if I promise to work on ELF package metadata for llvm, will you work on it?

 15:33 <doko> sure, and now I know that b infront of drung stands for =)

 15:33 <juliank> Alright

 15:33 <schopin> "fair" trade

 15:33 <juliank> Counting down

 15:33 <juliank> 3

 15:33 <juliank> 2

 15:33 <juliank> 1

 15:33 <juliank> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)