== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status meeting, started by slyon, 06 May at 14:30 &mdash; 14:41 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2025/ubuntu-meeting.2025-05-06-14.30.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== current component mismatches ===

Discussion started by slyon at 14:30.

 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg   (slyon, 14:30)
 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg   (slyon, 14:30)

=== New MIRs ===

Discussion started by slyon at 14:33.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=NEW&field.status%3Alist=CONFIRMED&assignee_option=none&field.assignee=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (slyon, 14:34)

=== Incomplete bugs / questions ===

Discussion started by slyon at 14:34.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (slyon, 14:34)

=== Process/Documentation improvements ===

Discussion started by slyon at 14:35.

 * ''LINK:'' https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/pulls   (slyon, 14:36)
 * ''LINK:'' https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/issues   (slyon, 14:36)

=== MIR related Security Review Queue ===

Discussion started by slyon at 14:37.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-security/+bugs?field.searchtext=%5BMIR%5D&assignee_option=choose&field.assignee=ubuntu-security&field.bug_reporter=&field.bug_commenter=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir&orderby=-date_last_updated&start=0   (slyon, 14:37)
 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-security/+bugs?field.searchtext=[MIR]&assignee_option=choose&field.assignee=ubuntu-security&field.bug_reporter=&field.bug_commenter=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir&orderby=-date_last_updated&start=0   (slyon, 14:37)
 * ''LINK:'' https://warthogs.atlassian.net/jira/software/c/projects/SEC/boards/594   (slyon, 14:37)

=== Any other business? ===

Discussion started by slyon at 14:39.




== People present (lines said) ==

 * slyon (48)
 * sarnold (6)
 * pushkarnk (3)
 * meetingology (2)
 * dviererbe (1)
 * mylesjp (1)



== Full log ==


 14:30 <slyon> #startmeeting Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status

 14:30 <meetingology> Meeting started at 14:30:10 UTC.  The chair is slyon.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 14:30 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 14:30 <slyon> Ping for MIR meeting - didrocks joalif slyon sarnold cpaelzer mylesjp pushkarnk ( dviererbe )

 14:30 <slyon> #topic current component mismatches

 14:30 <slyon> Mission: Identify required actions and spread the load among the teams

 14:30 <dviererbe> o/

 14:30 <slyon> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg

 14:30 <slyon> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg

 14:30 <slyon> nothing (new) in c-m

 14:30 <slyon> for c-m-p:

 14:31 <slyon> sphinx -> roman-numerals This is linked to foundations. pushkarnk can you investigate what's the issue here?

 14:31 <pushkarnk> ack

 14:32 <slyon> thx

 14:32 <slyon> libmanette -> hidapi is linked to desktop. didrocks / jbicha : Can you please investigate what's the issue there?

 14:33 <slyon> (I guess didrocks will read the logs once he's around)

 14:33 <sarnold> good morning

 14:33 <slyon> besides that we still have ruby-rack -> ruby-* which is worked on by rennan and the Server team.

 14:33 <slyon> nothing else that looks unexpected.

 14:33 <slyon> #topic New MIRs

 14:33 <slyon> Mission: ensure to assign all incoming reviews for fast processing

 14:34 <slyon> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=NEW&field.status%3Alist=CONFIRMED&assignee_option=none&field.assignee=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 14:34 <slyon> empty

 14:34 <slyon> The Questing cycle just opened. So this is the time to file new MIRs folks! Maybe we have more requests next week :)

 14:34 <slyon> #topic Incomplete bugs / questions

 14:34 <slyon> Mission: Identify required actions and spread the load among the teams

 14:34 <slyon> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 14:35 <slyon> bug #2089690

 14:35 <slyon> I just reviewed some Rust vendoring stuff for sequoia-sqv during my patch-pilot shift earlier today. So it's progressing, although the MIR is not yet fully ready.

 14:35 <slyon> no updates besides that.

 14:35 <slyon> #topic Process/Documentation improvements

 14:35 <slyon> Mission: Review pending process/documentation pull-requests or issues

 14:36 <slyon> #link https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/pulls

 14:36 <slyon> #link https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/issues

 14:36 <slyon> that's all old stuff AFAICT. Some longer running topics that we might take a close look during our in-person meeting next week at the sprint.

 14:36 <slyon> Nothing actionable for us today.

 14:37 <slyon> #topic MIR related Security Review Queue

 14:37 <slyon> Mission: Check on progress, do deadlines seem doable?

 14:37 <slyon> Some clients can only work with one, some with the other escaping - the URLs point to the same place.

 14:37 <slyon> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-security/+bugs?field.searchtext=%5BMIR%5D&assignee_option=choose&field.assignee=ubuntu-security&field.bug_reporter=&field.bug_commenter=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir&orderby=-date_last_updated&start=0

 14:37 <slyon> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-security/+bugs?field.searchtext=[MIR]&assignee_option=choose&field.assignee=ubuntu-security&field.bug_reporter=&field.bug_commenter=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir&orderby=-date_last_updated&start=0

 14:37 <slyon> Internal link

 14:37 <slyon> - ensure your teams items are prioritized among each other as you'd expect

 14:37 <slyon> - ensure community requests do not get stomped by teams calling for favors too much

 14:37 <slyon> #link https://warthogs.atlassian.net/jira/software/c/projects/SEC/boards/594

 14:37 <slyon> sarnold: how is onboarding of new security reviewers going?

 14:38 <sarnold> slyon: one new reviewer has picked up a package to review :) I suspect she'll be able to start on it after the sprints

 14:38 <slyon> Yeah. Sprints are bringing some delays here. I see pdfio got picked up. ptyxis still looking for a reviewer

 14:39 <sarnold> it has one, I just forgot to assign it :/

 14:39 <slyon> Oh good! Let's assign it right now.

 14:39 <sarnold> done :) hehe

 14:39 <slyon> thanks

 14:39 <slyon> #topic Any other business?

 14:40 <pushkarnk> nothing from me

 14:40 <sarnold> none here

 14:40 <mylesjp> nothing here

 14:40 <slyon> alright then. That's all folks!

 14:40 <slyon> Looking forward to meeting you in-person next week!

 14:40 <sarnold> thanks slyon, all :) see you next week :)

 14:40 <pushkarnk> thanks slyon, all!

 14:41 <slyon> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)