== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team meeting, started by juliank, 16 Jan at 16:02 &mdash; 16:51 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2025/ubuntu-meeting.2025-01-16-16.02.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning rounds ===

Discussion started by juliank at 16:02.

 * ''LINK:'' https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/foundations-team-updates-thursday-2025-01-16/53334   (juliank, 16:03)

=== Release incoming bugs ===

Discussion started by juliank at 16:15.

 * ''LINK:'' http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/rls-mgr/rls-pp-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs   (juliank, 16:15)
 * ''LINK:'' http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/rls-mgr/rls-nn-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs   (juliank, 16:32)

=== Team proposed-migration report ===

Discussion started by juliank at 16:38.

 * ''LINK:'' https://ubuntu-archive-team.ubuntu.com/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs   (juliank, 16:38)

=== AOB ===

Discussion started by juliank at 16:51.




== People present (lines said) ==

 * juliank (79)
 * adrien (9)
 * dviererbe (8)
 * schopin (7)
 * zhsj (7)
 * enr0n (6)
 * liushuyu (5)
 * rkratky (4)
 * meetingology (2)
 * pushkarnk (2)
 * Skia (2)
 * r41k0u (2)
 * mclemenceau (1)
 * ginggs (1)



== Full log ==


 16:02 <juliank> #startmeeting Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team

 16:02 <meetingology> Meeting started at 16:02:04 UTC.  The chair is juliank.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 16:02 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 16:02 <pushkarnk> o/

 16:02 <juliank> #topic Lightning rounds

 16:03 <juliank> #link https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/foundations-team-updates-thursday-2025-01-16/53334

 16:03 <dviererbe> o/

 16:03 <mclemenceau> o/

 16:03 <enr0n> o/

 16:04 <schopin> oL

 16:07 <adrien> zhsj: do you think 1.24 will make it in plucky?

 16:07 <zhsj> adrien: yes

 16:07 <adrien> great, thanks :)

 16:08 <zhsj> the plan is to change the default on 13 Feb

 16:08 <adrien> Right after the 1.24 release, then? I'm not very familiar with the go release schedule.

 16:09 <zhsj> the week before FF

 16:09 <adrien> BTW, I was discussing about that a few minutes ago due to the FIPS changes.

 16:09 <adrien> :)

 16:09 <adrien> not much time to do the switch indeed

 16:10 * adrien is used to openssl which releases right after FF and therefore has a 6-months delay :P 

 16:11 <zhsj> rc version is already released, updating the package after FF is still possible (no new features)

 16:12 <adrien> that's right; well, still easier to do it before :)

 16:14 <juliank> I have been dabbling in Rust this week but I don't have super interesting status

 16:15 <juliank> #topic Release incoming bugs

 16:15 <juliank> #link http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/rls-mgr/rls-pp-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 16:16 <juliank> bug http://launchpad.net/bugs/2093107

 16:16 <juliank> I guess still more wor ktodo

 16:18 <juliank> tagging it

 16:18 <juliank> bug 2091361

 16:18 <juliank> That sounds horrible

 16:19 <juliank> That might be easy to work around by changing to explicit perl-base depends, if that works

 16:20 <juliank> tagging it

 16:20 <juliank> Yes I assigned it to me, I am curiois

 16:20 <juliank> bug 2093081

 16:21 <juliank> what?

 16:21 <enr0n> I started looking into this, but I don't know what's going on yet

 16:22 <enr0n> But what I found is that when the nginx service is started, basically nothing in /usr/bin is visible/executable, or something?

 16:22 <juliank> enr0n: I'll go assign it to you and tag it todo :D

 16:22 <enr0n> Please don't tag it

 16:22 <juliank> Sounds like the sandbox is going weird

 16:22 <enr0n> yeah

 16:23 <enr0n> Needs more time, but I am not ready to commit it to the backlog

 16:24 <juliank> We cannot size it yet, but  I can leave it around, but it may be useful to load a spike to investigate the next pulse

 16:24 <juliank> bug 2093420

 16:25 <juliank> That sounds ok, I'll go take that

 16:25 <schopin> Thank you very much :)

 16:25 <juliank> bug 2094814

 16:26 <schopin> Extra-Includes strikes again.

 16:26 <dviererbe> This is the same issue that I mentioned tuesday. I just tagged tls-incomming

 16:26 <dviererbe> *rls

 16:27 <dviererbe> I already prepared a MP for the seed to exclude it

 16:27 <dviererbe> if we are ok with that

 16:27 <juliank> dviererbe: alright I will leave that with you then

 16:27 <schopin> I think it's fine. I need to take the time to try and change the Extra-Include line to remove *-doc, see what falls out.

 16:28 <dviererbe> schopin: is it okay if I go ahead with the exclude in the mean time?

 16:28 <schopin> sure :)

 16:28 <dviererbe> ack

 16:29 <juliank> bug 2089690

 16:29 <juliank> So this is awkward, but sqv is ready now I think, I should split the other ones out perhaps?

 16:30 <juliank> But I'll go tag it todo

 16:30 <juliank> bug 2093024

 16:30 <Skia> This one looked interesting, I'll probably take it :-)

 16:31 <juliank> Alright Skia

 16:32 <juliank> rls-oo is empty

 16:32 <juliank> #link http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/rls-mgr/rls-nn-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 16:32 <juliank> bug 1888347

 16:32 <juliank> remains incomplete

 16:32 <juliank> 18 days left until autoclose

 16:32 <zhsj> hmm, i fixed a previous zip crashes last year https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/zip/+bug/2062535

 16:33 <zhsj> may be related

 16:33 <juliank> bug 2088268

 16:33 <juliank> should probably check at some point but not today?

 16:33 <dviererbe> I remember that unzip also had issues with unicode characters

 16:33 <juliank> w/ security

 16:33 <liushuyu> "check_zipfile.isra+474" sounds like GCC propagated some LTO optimizations to this function

 16:34 <Skia> zhsj: I saw it already, but doesn't seem to be the same thing. I haven't dug far though, and the crash is in the Ubuntu delta, so it's a good candidate for sure

 16:34 <juliank> Maybe discuss ways to solve the bug in a separate thread :)

 16:34 <juliank> Like in #ubuntu-devel if you want

 16:34 <juliank> bug 2092501

 16:35 <juliank> This should be incomplete because we're lacking all sorts of detail to be able to SRU this

 16:35 <juliank> Namely which platforms are affected, which patches are actually needed from the upstream bugs, how to test it

 16:35 <liushuyu> This was from a company internal email

 16:36 <liushuyu> Original bug report is https://github.com/fwupd/fwupd/issues/7402

 16:37 <liushuyu> (which provides the information about the hardware)

 16:38 <juliank> it's not clear at all as  there's several separate bugs referenced and we should have clear documentation in the bug itself about what the issue is, what the impact is, and how to fix it

 16:38 <juliank> We can revisit this next week, but we need more info

 16:38 <juliank> Moving on; jj is empty

 16:38 <juliank> ff is empty

 16:38 <juliank> #topic Team proposed-migration report

 16:38 <juliank> #link https://ubuntu-archive-team.ubuntu.com/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs

 16:39 <juliank> Let the pain begin

 16:39 * juliank moves windows

 16:39 <juliank> pv is with mwhudson

 16:40 <juliank> rust-defaults is not interesting

 16:40 <juliank> ubiquity blocking xorg-server (2:21.1.14-2ubuntu1 to 2:21.1.15-2ubuntu1) for 27 days  is with me, surprisingly, but I got a surprise visit tomorrow

 16:40 <juliank> So ENOTIME this week

 16:41 <juliank> pyudev is with waveform

 16:42 <juliank> I probably missed repeating some, but I think we are in python3-deefaults land now

 16:42 <juliank> We had done ansible-core to mailman-hyperkitty last week

 16:43 <juliank> So next assignments are:

 16:43 <juliank> - masakari: anderssson123

 16:43 <juliank> - mat2/0.13.4-2.1: utkarsh

 16:44 <juliank> Confusingly some people now have two _active_ proposed migration items and other zero, as lots of people have one more item overall

 16:44 <juliank> - mosquitto/2.0.20-1: sespiros

 16:45 <schopin> juliank: I can get a second one.

 16:46 <juliank> - nova/3:30.0.0-0ubuntu1: schopin

 16:46 <schopin> ack

 16:46 <juliank> - nut/2.8.1-3.1ubuntu2: liushuyu

 16:46 <juliank> - open-iscsi/2.1.10-1ubuntu2: ginggs

 16:47 <juliank> - pagekite/1.5.2.201011-2.1ubuntu2: pushkarnk

 16:47 <ginggs> ack

 16:47 <pushkarnk> ack

 16:47 <liushuyu> juliank: okay

 16:47 <r41k0u> juliank I can take another

 16:48 <juliank> - parallax/1.0.6-4: chrisccoulson (not optimistic) :D

 16:48 <juliank> - patroni/3.3.4-1: r41k0u

 16:48 <r41k0u> ack

 16:49 <adrien> I can take one too

 16:49 <juliank> Ah zhsj doesn't have one yet

 16:49 <juliank> - pcbasic/2.0.7-4: zhsj

 16:49 <rkratky> I don't have one (and I need to learn to do this, eventually :)

 16:50 <juliank> - pcbasic/2.0.7-4: rkratky

 16:50 <rkratky> ack

 16:50 <juliank> oops double

 16:50 <juliank> Let's swap then

 16:50 <juliank> - postfix/3.9.1-9: zhsj

 16:50 <rkratky> I see, ack

 16:50 <zhsj> ack

 16:50 <juliank> rkratky: Well I'll keep you on pcbasic

 16:50 <rkratky> right

 16:51 <juliank> #topic AOB

 16:51 <juliank> 3

 16:51 <juliank> 2

 16:51 <juliank> 1

 16:51 <juliank> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)