== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status meeting, started by cpaelzer, 20 May at 14:32 &mdash; 15:00 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2025/ubuntu-meeting.2025-05-20-14.32.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== current component mismatches ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 14:32.

 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg   (cpaelzer, 14:32)
 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg   (cpaelzer, 14:32)

=== New MIRs ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 14:34.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=NEW&field.status%3Alist=CONFIRMED&assignee_option=none&field.assignee=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (cpaelzer, 14:34)
 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/coreutils-from/+bug/2110879   (cpaelzer, 14:35)

=== Incomplete bugs / questions ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 14:37.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (cpaelzer, 14:37)
 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/roman-numerals/+bug/2110098   (cpaelzer, 14:38)
 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/linuxptp/+bug/2071717   (cpaelzer, 14:39)

=== Process/Documentation improvements ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 14:40.

 * ''LINK:'' https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/pulls   (cpaelzer, 14:40)
 * ''LINK:'' https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/issues   (cpaelzer, 14:40)
 * ''LINK:'' https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/issues/86   (cpaelzer, 14:41)

=== MIR related Security Review Queue ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 14:45.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-security/+bugs?field.searchtext=%5BMIR%5D&assignee_option=choose&field.assignee=ubuntu-security&field.bug_reporter=&field.bug_commenter=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir&orderby=-date_last_updated&start=0   (cpaelzer, 14:45)
 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-security/+bugs?field.searchtext=[MIR]&assignee_option=choose&field.assignee=ubuntu-security&field.bug_reporter=&field.bug_commenter=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir&orderby=-date_last_updated&start=0   (cpaelzer, 14:45)
 * ''LINK:'' https://warthogs.atlassian.net/jira/software/c/projects/SEC/boards/594   (cpaelzer, 14:45)

=== Any other business? ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 14:47.

 * ''LINK:'' https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir#mir-team-weekly-status-meeting   (cpaelzer, 14:59)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * cpaelzer (107)
 * sarnold (16)
 * bdrung (12)
 * slyon (9)
 * pushkarnk (5)
 * meetingology (2)
 * joalif (2)



== Full log ==


 14:32 <cpaelzer> #startmeeting Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status

 14:32 <meetingology> Meeting started at 14:32:32 UTC.  The chair is cpaelzer.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 14:32 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 14:32 <cpaelzer> Ping for MIR meeting - didrocks joalif slyon sarnold cpaelzer mylesjp pushkarnk ( dviererbe )

 14:32 <joalif> o/

 14:32 <cpaelzer> #topic current component mismatches

 14:32 <cpaelzer> Mission: Identify required actions and spread the load among the teams

 14:32 <cpaelzer> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg

 14:32 <cpaelzer> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg

 14:33 <cpaelzer> what do we have today ...

 14:33 <cpaelzer> non-proposed is all fine

 14:33 <cpaelzer> only usual suspects

 14:33 <cpaelzer> and proposed only has the ruby-rack related

 14:33 <cpaelzer> which IIRC Renan filed and joalif is reviwing

 14:33 <joalif> pasting the review as we speak

 14:34 <cpaelzer> let me ask renan if rackup is also needed

 14:34 <cpaelzer> done

 14:34 <cpaelzer> Thanks joalif

 14:34 <cpaelzer> #topic New MIRs

 14:34 <cpaelzer> Mission: ensure to assign all incoming reviews for fast processing

 14:34 <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=NEW&field.status%3Alist=CONFIRMED&assignee_option=none&field.assignee=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 14:35 <cpaelzer> we have one case

 14:35 <cpaelzer> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/coreutils-from/+bug/2110879

 14:35 <cpaelzer> this is not yet the big chunk of rust coreutils

 14:35 <slyon> Julian talked to me about this during the sprint. It's a pro forma MIR (optional), as it was already promoted to main

 14:35 <cpaelzer> but essentially the official way of Jon's oxidizer

 14:35 <slyon> It's rather minimal, primarily shipping symlinks

 14:35 <cpaelzer> yes, that is what I see too

 14:35 <cpaelzer> I didn't realize it was in main before

 14:36 <cpaelzer> but that should most likely make it a fast path

 14:36 <cpaelzer> being the only case to share, anyone volunteering?

 14:37 <cpaelzer> *crickets* - ok so it is me I guess

 14:37 <cpaelzer> #topic Incomplete bugs / questions

 14:37 <cpaelzer> Mission: Identify required actions and spread the load among the teams

 14:37 <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 14:38 <cpaelzer> two recent cases

 14:38 <cpaelzer> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/roman-numerals/+bug/2110098

 14:38 <cpaelzer> seems the path was not to do a MIR but to drop the dependency

 14:38 <cpaelzer> pushkarnk: is that right?

 14:38 <slyon> That seems resolved, right pushkarnk ? We could mark roman-numerals as "Invalid"

 14:39 <cpaelzer> if so I tihnk we can unsubscribe

 14:39 <pushkarnk> Yes right cpaelzer

 14:39 <cpaelzer> thanks, fone

 14:39 <cpaelzer> done even

 14:39 <cpaelzer> and

 14:39 <cpaelzer> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/linuxptp/+bug/2071717

 14:39 <cpaelzer> which is an info about soon resolving incompleteness

 14:39 <cpaelzer> good

 14:40 <sarnold> yay apparmor profiles

 14:40 <cpaelzer> as it is meant to be

 14:40 <cpaelzer> #topic Process/Documentation improvements

 14:40 <cpaelzer> Mission: Review pending process/documentation pull-requests or issues

 14:40 <cpaelzer> #link https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/pulls

 14:40 <cpaelzer> #link https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/issues

 14:41 <cpaelzer> nothing really new except one

 14:41 <cpaelzer> which is entertaining

 14:41 <cpaelzer> https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/issues/86

 14:41 <sarnold> she's right, too

 14:41 <cpaelzer> I think, once we are on the new place of ubuntu project docs this could be done

 14:42 <cpaelzer> we then will have individual pages for the templates due to the diataxis split

 14:42 <sarnold> it'd be worth keeping in mind that anchor tags are the most wonderful things ever when shoving it into the new ubuntu docs thingy

 14:42 <cpaelzer> which means either we can make it the actual content and have anchors - or if that isn't doable at least we could enumerate the rules in the template

 14:42 <cpaelzer> and then allow humans to refer to page + index

 14:42 <cpaelzer> I discussed that with her at the sprint and both options seemed fine

 14:43 <cpaelzer> I also love the comment to our bot telling to attend IRC meetings :-)

 14:43 <sarnold> -1 on enumeration, those change; at least the horrible "search for this text" is much less likely to be changed

 14:43 <cpaelzer> true, enumeration is only a fallback in my mind if all else fails

 14:43 <cpaelzer> but it needs to be easily copy-able which I'm not sure if it goes well with putting anchors in

 14:44 <sarnold> hmm. good point.

 14:44 <cpaelzer> ok for now

 14:44 <cpaelzer> I answered on the issue

 14:45 <cpaelzer> #topic MIR related Security Review Queue

 14:45 <cpaelzer> Mission: Check on progress, do deadlines seem doable?

 14:45 <cpaelzer> Some clients can only work with one, some with the other escaping - the URLs point to the same place.

 14:45 <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-security/+bugs?field.searchtext=%5BMIR%5D&assignee_option=choose&field.assignee=ubuntu-security&field.bug_reporter=&field.bug_commenter=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir&orderby=-date_last_updated&start=0

 14:45 <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-security/+bugs?field.searchtext=[MIR]&assignee_option=choose&field.assignee=ubuntu-security&field.bug_reporter=&field.bug_commenter=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir&orderby=-date_last_updated&start=0

 14:45 <cpaelzer> Internal link

 14:45 <cpaelzer> - ensure your teams items are prioritized among each other as you'd expect

 14:45 <cpaelzer> - ensure community requests do not get stomped by teams calling for favors too much

 14:45 <cpaelzer> #link https://warthogs.atlassian.net/jira/software/c/projects/SEC/boards/594

 14:45 <cpaelzer> if things continue to come slowly and you can contine progress ... it almost feels you can clear the queue sarnold !

 14:45 <cpaelzer> rust-hwlib was done, I think you can set that complete

 14:45 <cpaelzer> it has some detours which will make it contian less

 14:46 <slyon> rust-hwlib is still pending security review IIRC

 14:46 <cpaelzer> but the security review was done, or was that for hte "re-review now that the former is fixed"

 14:46 <sarnold> oh can we? I thought rodrigo said that it still needed some reviews, and he'll be away for two weeks, so he was offering it around

 14:46 <slyon> it had a brief check-up done. Needs a full re-review

 14:46 <cpaelzer> got it, then all in the right state

 14:46 <slyon> with the reviewer being on vacation, currently.

 14:46 <cpaelzer> anything else here?

 14:46 <sarnold> I shall also be on vacation for two weeks Real Soon Now

 14:47 <sarnold> so our chance to zero the queue seems thin :( I really liked that idea

 14:47 <cpaelzer> let me have hope :-P

 14:47 <sarnold> :)

 14:47 <cpaelzer> but TBH enjoy the time off

 14:47 <sarnold> ty :)

 14:47 <cpaelzer> there will be more for you when you come back, I'm sure :-)

 14:47 <sarnold> yes

 14:47 <cpaelzer> let us go on here then

 14:47 <cpaelzer> #topic Any other business?

 14:47 <bdrung> Hi, I like to bring up Dracut (https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/dracut/+bug/2031304) We want to make it the default this cycle.

 14:48 <cpaelzer> hi bdrung, I've heard about it - any particular special challenges?

 14:48 <cpaelzer> reading ...

 14:48 <bdrung> Dracut was reviewed for dracut-install and partially (?) for the whole Dracut.

 14:49 <cpaelzer> some checks are all of the source by concept, but things like dependencies would only have considered dracut-install indeed

 14:49 <sarnold> it looks like several "Later TODOs:" were added before moving to dracut more generally

 14:49 <cpaelzer> so you are asking for a re-review with ?all? or another subset?

 14:50 <sarnold> which of these later todos have been todone?

 14:50 <cpaelzer> yep, later todo are #3-#6

 14:50 <bdrung> Yes, a re-review with ?all? would be nice (to be on the safe side).

 14:51 <bdrung> dracut-cpio was not built (my personal goal is to use 3cpio soon[TM])

 14:51 <cpaelzer> can you give the answers if (or when and how) #3-#6 have been addressed on the bug

 14:51 <sarnold> lol 3cpio

 14:51 <cpaelzer> we will look for a volunteer here now to re-review ...

 14:51 <cpaelzer> joalif: just had one, pushkarnk would you be open to have a look

 14:52 <cpaelzer> since it was reviewed before this would mostly be for any recent oddity and dependencies

 14:52 <pushkarnk> I can take a look

 14:52 <cpaelzer> thanks

 14:52 <bdrung> the dependencies are fixed (#6)

 14:53 <cpaelzer> I set the state back and assigne pushkarnk

 14:53 <bdrung> thanks

 14:53 <pushkarnk> cpaelzer: ack

 14:53 <cpaelzer> bdrung: that sounds good, if all are good just report them on the bug - but if one is like "hell now we won't do ..." then speak up here for discussion

 14:54 <bdrung> one topic I haven't looked into is the netplan interaction

 14:54 <cpaelzer> while you are thinking to answer that - I still need access to the ubuntu social photo (or be told where I missed the ping)

 14:55 <cpaelzer> ok, give it a look and answer on the case then once you had a chance

 14:55 <bdrung> cpaelzer, I pasted the ubuntu social photos in the frankfurt MM channel

 14:55 <cpaelzer> ah there, thanks will look for it ...

 14:56 <cpaelzer> I think we need to rush to the end of the meeting, but I wanted to thank bdrung - bringing it up early and then asking for re-review when extending is so nice and so how it should be. Thanks!

 14:56 <slyon> bdrung: We don't have Netplan in initrd IIRC. I remember ogayot investigating that situation. Also, there a community project: https://github.com/danielkza/dracut-netplan

 14:57 <cpaelzer> anoth aob topic, FYI I made pushkarnk and myles team members on LP to allow ACLs to be based on it. As discussed in the sprint ,the actual learning is shadow into then autonomously doing reviews.

 14:57 <sarnold> ack

 14:57 <bdrung> slyon, may I ask you to look into the dracut/netplan and comment on the MIR?

 14:57 <slyon> ack

 14:57 <pushkarnk> ack cpaelzer, thanks!

 14:58 <slyon> bdrung: yes, I can put my thoughts there!

 14:58 <bdrung> cpaelzer, suggestions for future MIR meeting: Add one topic at the beginning of the meeting to allow outsider to push topics to the agenda.

 14:58 <bdrung> thanks slyon

 14:58 <cpaelzer> that is a good idea

 14:59 <cpaelzer> we might - once we know - pull them forward or anything else

 14:59 <sarnold> yes. it even matches common practice

 14:59 <cpaelzer> do you feel like posting a PR for it?

 14:59 <cpaelzer> or more like raising it here and let it be our task?

 14:59 <pushkarnk> +1 for an external agenda item :)

 14:59 <cpaelzer> next meeting is rushing me ... I need to count out

 14:59 <bdrung> cpaelzer, is the meeting agenda in some git?

 14:59 <cpaelzer> yes

 14:59 <cpaelzer> https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir#mir-team-weekly-status-meeting

 15:00 <cpaelzer> counting .... and thanking you all

 15:00 <cpaelzer> 4242

 15:00 <cpaelzer> 256

 15:00 <cpaelzer> 5

 15:00 <cpaelzer> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)