== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status meeting, started by slyon, 04 Mar at 15:31 &mdash; 15:51 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2025/ubuntu-meeting.2025-03-04-15.31.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== current component mismatches ===

Discussion started by slyon at 15:31.

 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg   (slyon, 15:31)
 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg   (slyon, 15:31)
 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/libpisp/+bug/2093321 is now in c-m. So moving to "Fix Committed"  (slyon, 15:36)
 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/nlohmann-json3/+bug/2093868 is pending sec-review  (slyon, 15:37)

=== New MIRs ===

Discussion started by slyon at 15:38.

 * ''LINK:'' https://warthogs.atlassian.net/browse/SEC-5935   (sarnold, 15:38)
 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=NEW&field.status%3Alist=CONFIRMED&assignee_option=none&field.assignee=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (slyon, 15:38)

=== Incomplete bugs / questions ===

Discussion started by slyon at 15:40.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (slyon, 15:40)
 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/rust-gst-plugin-gtk4/+bug/2097804 has some TODOs for jbicha  (slyon, 15:40)
 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/libsass-python/+bug/2095581 is ready, but depends on bug #2095582 (sec-review), as noted before.  (slyon, 15:41)

=== Process/Documentation improvements ===

Discussion started by slyon at 15:41.

 * ''LINK:'' https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/pulls   (slyon, 15:41)
 * ''LINK:'' https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/issues   (slyon, 15:41)
 * ''LINK:'' https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/pull/78 is new, thanks pushkarnk  (slyon, 15:42)

=== MIR related Security Review Queue ===

Discussion started by slyon at 15:43.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-security/+bugs?field.searchtext=%5BMIR%5D&assignee_option=choose&field.assignee=ubuntu-security&field.bug_reporter=&field.bug_commenter=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (slyon, 15:43)
 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-security/+bugs?field.searchtext=[MIR]&assignee_option=choose&field.assignee=ubuntu-security&field.bug_reporter=&field.bug_commenter=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (slyon, 15:43)
 * ''LINK:'' https://warthogs.atlassian.net/jira/software/c/projects/SEC/boards/594   (slyon, 15:43)

=== Any other business? ===

Discussion started by slyon at 15:46.

 * ''LINK:'' https://warthogs.atlassian.net/browse/SEC-5936   (sarnold, 15:46)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * slyon (58)
 * sarnold (13)
 * jbicha (6)
 * didrocks (6)
 * pushkarnk (4)
 * meetingology (2)
 * jamespage (1)
 * juliank (1)



== Full log ==


 15:31 <slyon> #startmeeting Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status

 15:31 <meetingology> Meeting started at 15:31:09 UTC.  The chair is slyon.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 15:31 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 15:31 <slyon> Ping for MIR meeting - didrocks joalif slyon sarnold cpaelzer jamespage ( dviererbe ) pushkarnk

 15:31 <slyon> #topic current component mismatches

 15:31 <slyon> Mission: Identify required actions and spread the load among the teams

 15:31 <slyon> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg

 15:31 <slyon> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg

 15:31 * slyon looking at non-proposed

 15:31 <jbicha> I plan to handle fonts-inter this week, sorry for delay

 15:31 <slyon> thanks!

 15:32 <slyon> kernel seeds usually get sorted by the corresponding team. Ignoring.

 15:32 <slyon> esmtp and xterm are false positives

 15:32 * slyon looking at -proposed

 15:32 <sarnold> good morning

 15:32 <slyon> tracker-miners (localsearch) is being worked on as a re-review.

 15:32 <pushkarnk> I am looking into tracker-miners/localsearch with help from slyon

 15:33 <sarnold> (I thought we had the 'false positive bug' thing to put these items so that they'd stop showing up on our report?)

 15:33 <slyon> sarnold: they still show up. But once you click it, you'll be directed towards the false-positive bug report giving an explanation

 15:34 <jamespage> o/ (late sorry)

 15:34 <slyon> (that's the best we could do without changing the component-mismatch tooling)

 15:34 <slyon> *sass* is looking mostly good, but still pending sec-review. Thanks jamespage for adding those autopkgtests quickly!

 15:35 <didrocks> o/ (for once, I am around, no conflicting meetings!)

 15:35 <sarnold> slyon: aha, that does sound familiar now. thanks.

 15:35 <slyon> ruby-* is being worked on by the server team.

 15:35 <slyon> this leaves us with libcamera.

 15:36 <slyon> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/libpisp/+bug/2093321 is now in c-m. So moving to "Fix Committed"

 15:37 <slyon> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/nlohmann-json3/+bug/2093868 is pending sec-review

 15:37 <slyon> sarnold: can you get this tagged/imported ^ ?

 15:38 <slyon> #topic New MIRs

 15:38 <slyon> Mission: ensure to assign all incoming reviews for fast processing

 15:38 <sarnold> https://warthogs.atlassian.net/browse/SEC-5935

 15:38 <slyon> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=NEW&field.status%3Alist=CONFIRMED&assignee_option=none&field.assignee=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 15:38 <slyon> only https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/nghttp3/+bug/2098797

 15:39 <didrocks> unsure about the status with what juliank mentioned

 15:39 <pushkarnk> The concern is about using gnutls for Quic TLS support and Julian prefers to wait for openssl to release QUIC support (possibly version 3.5?).

 15:39 <pushkarnk> However, it looks like nghttp3 (like nghttp2) will be owned by Server.

 15:39 <slyon> CC tsimonq2: Foundations already investigated this (thanks pushkarnk & juliank). I'll also bring it to the server team meeting as nghttp2 is currently owned by the server team. But given the OpenSSL concerns Julian lined out, I'm afraid this will most probably slip into next cycle. Thank you very much for your work on this from the community side, though!

 15:40 <juliank> +1

 15:40 <slyon> #topic Incomplete bugs / questions

 15:40 <slyon> Mission: Identify required actions and spread the load among the teams

 15:40 <slyon> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 15:40 <slyon> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/rust-gst-plugin-gtk4/+bug/2097804 has some TODOs for jbicha

 15:41 <slyon> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/libsass-python/+bug/2095581 is ready, but depends on bug #2095582 (sec-review), as noted before.

 15:41 <slyon> nothing else.

 15:41 <slyon> #topic Process/Documentation improvements

 15:41 <slyon> Mission: Review pending process/documentation pull-requests or issues

 15:41 <slyon> #link https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/pulls

 15:41 <slyon> #link https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/issues

 15:42 <slyon> https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/pull/78 is new, thanks pushkarnk

 15:42 <pushkarnk> slyon thanks for fixing the spell check :)

 15:42 <slyon> I fixed the spell-check prior to this meeting, so it should be good to go.

 15:42 * slyon merging...

 15:43 <didrocks> \o/

 15:43 <slyon> the rest is old stuff

 15:43 <slyon> #topic MIR related Security Review Queue

 15:43 <slyon> Mission: Check on progress, do deadlines seem doable?

 15:43 <slyon> Some clients can only work with one, some with the other escaping - the URLs point to the same place.

 15:43 <slyon> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-security/+bugs?field.searchtext=%5BMIR%5D&assignee_option=choose&field.assignee=ubuntu-security&field.bug_reporter=&field.bug_commenter=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 15:43 <slyon> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-security/+bugs?field.searchtext=[MIR]&assignee_option=choose&field.assignee=ubuntu-security&field.bug_reporter=&field.bug_commenter=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 15:43 <slyon> Internal link

 15:43 <slyon> #link https://warthogs.atlassian.net/jira/software/c/projects/SEC/boards/594

 15:44 <slyon> how are security-reviews moving forward, sarnold?

 15:44 <jbicha> could bug 2097800 be added to the security queue?

 15:44 <sarnold> slyon: we have a new contributor interested in joining in, he'll start working on libsass soon

 15:44 <slyon> that's good news!

 15:44 <didrocks> nice!

 15:45 <sarnold> hrm how did I miss 2097800 :/

 15:45 <sarnold> .. not even recent. sheesh.

 15:46 <slyon> I see nlohmann-json3 & libsass are tagged, and sarnold is adding 2097800 – so let's move forward.

 15:46 <slyon> #topic Any other business?

 15:46 <jbicha> sorry I didn't notice it was waiting on security until today either

 15:46 <sarnold> https://warthogs.atlassian.net/browse/SEC-5936

 15:46 <sarnold> (sheesh, this was *slow*, I wonder if we're self-hosting some part of this api?)

 15:46 <jbicha> is Papers approved now? bug 2097727

 15:47 <sarnold> smcv's suggestion in the debian bug feels like a good addition to me

 15:48 <sarnold> AOB: I'll miss (most of?) next week's meeting because I've got an interview scheduled immediately afterwards

 15:48 <slyon> jbicha: I see security and MIR ack. But didn't see the package in component-mismatches? Status "In Progress" seems about right. It also has a bug team subscriber. Please add it to the seeds (or add it as a dependency), then ping an AA for promotion.

 15:49 <jbicha> thanks

 15:49 <slyon> also consider smcv's suggestion. But I guess that's non-blocking given the existing ACKs

 15:50 <slyon> Anything else?

 15:50 <jbicha> nothing else from me for this meeting ☺️

 15:50 <sarnold> :)

 15:50 <didrocks> nothing else either

 15:50 <slyon> Well looks like I don't have an interview conflict, but a team meeting conflict (same as c_paelzer) next week... Not sure how we'll figure this out.

 15:51 <slyon> but we'll find a way! :)

 15:51 <slyon> alright then.

 15:51 <slyon> Thanks all! Finally a MIR meeting on time again :)

 15:51 <sarnold> \o/

 15:51 <didrocks> \o/

 15:51 <slyon> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)