== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team meeting, started by juliank, 09 Jan at 16:03 &mdash; 17:05 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2025/ubuntu-meeting.2025-01-09-16.03.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning rounds ===

Discussion started by juliank at 16:03.

 * ''LINK:'' https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/foundations-team-updates-thursday-2025-01-09/52954   (juliank, 16:04)

=== Release incoming bugs ===

Discussion started by juliank at 16:12.

 * ''LINK:'' http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/rls-mgr/rls-pp-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs   (juliank, 16:12)
 * ''LINK:'' http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/rls-mgr/rls-oo-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs   (juliank, 16:30)
 * ''LINK:'' http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/rls-mgr/rls-nn-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs   (juliank, 16:33)

=== Team proposed-migration report ===

Discussion started by juliank at 16:36.

 * ''LINK:'' https://ubuntu-archive-team.ubuntu.com/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs   (juliank, 16:36)

=== AOB ===

Discussion started by juliank at 17:02.




== People present (lines said) ==

 * juliank (78)
 * schopin (11)
 * bdrung (7)
 * ginggs (5)
 * adrien (4)
 * meetingology (2)
 * andersson123 (2)
 * doko (1)
 * r41k0u (1)
 * zhsj (1)
 * xypron (1)
 * paride (1)



== Full log ==


 16:03 <juliank> #startmeeting Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team

 16:03 <meetingology> Meeting started at 16:03:49 UTC.  The chair is juliank.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 16:03 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 16:03 <juliank> #topic Lightning rounds

 16:04 <juliank> #link https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/foundations-team-updates-thursday-2025-01-09/52954

 16:04 <juliank> it's empty

 16:08 <schopin> I think some/most of us are busy furiously typing up their status.

 16:09 <andersson123> +1

 16:12 <juliank> #topic Release incoming bugs

 16:12 <juliank> #link http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/rls-mgr/rls-pp-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 16:12 <juliank> bug 2093107

 16:15 <andersson123> (proposed migration) Just saying now, as I may need to drop early, I have https://ubuntu-archive-team.ubuntu.com/proposed-migration/update_excuses.html#erlang assigned to me, and I unfortunately haven't had time to work on it. I'll be busy tomorrow and all of next week, so it may need to be reassigned :)

 16:16 <juliank> I think tsimonq2 is looking into that, so let's give him a week and revisit it then

 16:16 <juliank> bug 2088413

 16:18 <schopin> If translations aren't part of the initrd how do we get *any* translation?

 16:18 <juliank> that's a good question

 16:19 <schopin> I know, i'm full of good questions, it's answers I'm usually lacking ;)

 16:19 <bdrung> I am not aware that we had translated initrds

 16:19 <juliank> I think we do for password prompting?

 16:19 <juliank> And it sets up the keyboard layout too

 16:19 <bdrung> probably not. We set the keyboard layout.

 16:20 <schopin> The keyboard layout is localized for sure, but I'm not 100% certain the prompt is translated.

 16:21 <bdrung> I just tested Ubuntu 24.10 in a VM. The crypt input is not translated: "Please unlock disk dm_crypt-0"

 16:22 <bdrung> but it shows a keyboard symbol followed by "de"

 16:26 <juliank> bug 2089690

 16:29 <juliank> WIP; I kind of want cargo-vendor-filterer because half the dependencies are not used

 16:30 <juliank> #link http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/rls-mgr/rls-oo-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 16:31 <schopin> bug 2084107

 16:32 <juliank> yes so we dont know anything about that

 16:32 <juliank> maybe chrisccoulson_ knows who knows

 16:32 <schopin> untag it and move on?

 16:33 <juliank> I'd like desktop team to look at it maybe

 16:33 <juliank> but oh well let's do that

 16:33 <juliank> #link http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/rls-mgr/rls-nn-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 16:33 <juliank> bug 1888347 is still incomplete

 16:34 <schopin> well, isn't daniel a member of the desktop team?

 16:34 <schopin> (re the previous bug)

 16:34 <juliank> yes

 16:34 <juliank> but like um different people

 16:34 <juliank> bug 2088268

 16:36 <juliank> I ghuess security is still making up their mind about it

 16:36 <juliank> The next one is desktop's

 16:36 <juliank> and jj is empty

 16:36 <juliank> ff is empty too

 16:36 <juliank> #topic Team proposed-migration report

 16:36 <juliank> #link https://ubuntu-archive-team.ubuntu.com/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs

 16:36 <juliank> This is a giant mess

 16:37 <doko> well, three weeks of backlog =)

 16:37 <schopin> That, and amd64 queues are broken.

 16:37 <adrien> at least amd64

 16:38 <juliank> Alright let's start

 16:38 <juliank> systemd blocking nftables: enr0n - for domain expertise

 16:39 <juliank> ok ok that just needs a retry maybe

 16:39 <ginggs> dotnet8 / postgresql-common just needs a (some) retry

 16:39 <juliank> dotnet8 blocking postgresql-common: dviererbe - probably also needs a retry

 16:39 <ginggs> i've already triggered a few

 16:40 <juliank> Maybe it needs *more* retries

 16:40 <adrien> the grafana dashboard indicates that everything got requeued earlier today

 16:40 <ginggs> juliank: one of them has already passed

 16:41 <ginggs> two even :) and one against ca-certificates too

 16:41 <juliank> erlang was with  andersson123 but will be with utkarsh now :D

 16:42 <juliank> pv FTBFS goes to mwhudson

 16:42 <juliank> liushuyu: rust-defaults should we distribute those?

 16:42 <juliank> It seems all rust regressions

 16:43 <juliank> Well I take that as a no

 16:45 <juliank> ok so we can expect if there are any issues to see fixes coming in from Debian over the next weeks so let's revisit this later

 16:46 <juliank> ubiquity blocking xorg-server

 16:46 <juliank> why is ubiquity still around?

 16:46 <schopin> That's a good question.

 16:46 <schopin> Do we still have flavours using it?

 16:46 <juliank> last reason was oem-config

 16:47 <juliank> *last time, the reason given

 16:47 <juliank> It's just fail stderr

 16:47 <juliank> ubuquity blocking xorg-server: juliank

 16:48 <juliank> pyudev waveform

 16:50 <juliank> apt: juliank

 16:52 <juliank> git: Skia (retry most of them, and just particularly the xonsh one has a real python regression)

 16:53 <juliank> lz4: tobhe (the postgresql one seems to have regressions)

 16:54 <juliank> python3-defaults blockers

 16:54 <juliank> - ansible-core/2.16.3-0ubuntu2: mateus-morais

 16:54 <juliank> - apport/2.31.0-0ubuntu2: bdrung

 16:55 <juliank> - ariba/2.14.7+ds-5: uralt

 16:55 <juliank> - barbican/2:19.0.0-0ubuntu1: zhsj

 16:56 <juliank> - bpython/0.24-1: pushkarnk

 16:56 <juliank> - ceph/19.2.0-0ubuntu2: r41k0u

 16:56 <r41k0u> ack

 16:56 <zhsj> ack

 16:57 <juliank> - cinder/2:25.0.0-0ubuntu1: levihackerman

 16:57 <juliank> - dh-python/6.20241217: xypron

 16:58 <xypron> ok

 16:58 <juliank> - django-auth-ldap/5.1.0-1: paride

 16:58 <paride> ack

 16:58 <juliank> - dnarrange/1.5.3-1: adriano

 16:59 <juliank> - fdroidserver/2.3.1-1: schopin

 16:59 <juliank> freezegun/1.5.1-1.1: adrien

 16:59 <adrien> awk

 16:59 <juliank> - gavodachs/2.11+dfsg-1: mkukri1

 16:59 <adrien> /o\

 17:00 <juliank> - glance/2:29.0.0-0ubuntu1: ginggs

 17:00 <ginggs> ack

 17:00 <juliank> - ionit/0.5.0-1: vpa1977

 17:00 <juliank> - ironic/1:26.1.0-0ubuntu1: doko

 17:00 <bdrung> gimme ionit please

 17:01 <bdrung> (i am upstream and maintainer of ionit)

 17:01 <juliank> bdrung: ok

 17:01 <juliank> - ionit/0.5.0-1: bdrung

 17:01 <juliank> - kineticstools/0.6.1+git20220223.1326a4d+dfsg-3build1 vpa1977

 17:01 <juliank> - mailman-hyperkitty/1.2.1-2ubuntu1: liushuyu

 17:02 <juliank> now that's everyone

 17:02 <juliank> #topic AOB

 17:03 <bdrung> regarding juliank status update: there is a new tzdata upload to Debian that changes the postinst/dpkg-reconfigure

 17:05 <juliank> thanks bdrung

 17:05 <juliank> Yeah that got handled yesterday after I pointed it out :D

 17:05 <juliank> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)