== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team meeting, started by juliank, 06 Mar at 16:03 &mdash; 16:33 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2025/ubuntu-meeting.2025-03-06-16.03.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning rounds ===

Discussion started by juliank at 16:03.

 * ''LINK:'' https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/foundations-team-updates-thursday-2025-03-06/56536   (juliank, 16:03)

=== Release incoming bugs ===

Discussion started by juliank at 16:13.

 * ''LINK:'' http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/rls-mgr/rls-pp-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs   (juliank, 16:13)
 * ''LINK:'' http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/rls-mgr/rls-oo-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs   (juliank, 16:18)
 * ''LINK:'' http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/rls-mgr/rls-nn-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs   (juliank, 16:18)
 * ''LINK:'' http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/rls-mgr/rls-jj-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs   (juliank, 16:22)
 * ''LINK:'' http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/rls-mgr/rls-ff-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs   (juliank, 16:22)

=== Team proposed-migration report ===

Discussion started by juliank at 16:23.

 * ''LINK:'' https://ubuntu-archive-team.ubuntu.com/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs   (juliank, 16:23)

=== AOB ===

Discussion started by juliank at 16:28.




== People present (lines said) ==

 * juliank (55)
 * bdrung (7)
 * adrien (5)
 * meetingology (2)
 * mateus-morais (2)
 * waveform (2)
 * schopin (1)
 * pushkarnk (1)
 * zhsj (1)
 * adriano (1)



== Full log ==


 16:03 <juliank> #startmeeting Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team

 16:03 <meetingology> Meeting started at 16:03:20 UTC.  The chair is juliank.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 16:03 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 16:03 <juliank> #topic Lightning rounds

 16:03 <juliank> #link https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/foundations-team-updates-thursday-2025-03-06/56536

 16:03 <juliank> ENOTIME

 16:03 <juliank> :(

 16:04 <schopin> o/

 16:04 <pushkarnk> o/

 16:07 <bdrung> adrien, thanks for cleaning up the strace bug backlog!

 16:10 <mateus-morais> o/

 16:11 <zhsj> o/ (sorry for late)

 16:11 <adrien> bdrung: empty backlogs make me happy :)

 16:11 <adriano> o/

 16:11 <bdrung> adrien, me too. wanna do the same for apport?

 16:12 <adrien> bdrung: btw, a common issue was that strace raises the same fault/signal that what it was tracing and that should be ignored, maybe from apport/errors.u.c but I'm not sure how to approach that

 16:12 <adrien> a rule could be a very short trace that involves main and then raise/signal just after that

 16:13 <juliank> #topic Release incoming bugs

 16:13 <juliank> gotta move on :(

 16:13 <juliank> #link http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/rls-mgr/rls-pp-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 16:13 <juliank> bug 2099944

 16:13 <juliank> nothing to do here, this is all removals

 16:13 <juliank> Confusingly removals I already requested earlier last month

 16:13 <juliank> :D

 16:14 <juliank> Well at least libsepol

 16:14 <juliank> I guess it resynced a second time?

 16:14 <juliank> shrug

 16:15 <juliank> bug 2100485

 16:15 <juliank> turns out to be an issue in ptyxis which has different ulimits

 16:16 <juliank> I still don't understand why valgrind doesn't just set its own limit if its too high

 16:16 <juliank> But oh well

 16:17 <juliank> Untagging

 16:17 <juliank> bug 2099811

 16:17 <juliank> This is an apparmor issue

 16:17 <juliank> Probably os-prober should ship the profile, though

 16:18 <juliank> I gotta ask

 16:18 <juliank> Keeping this on the agenda for next week

 16:18 <juliank> #link http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/rls-mgr/rls-oo-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 16:18 <juliank> nada

 16:18 <juliank> #link http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/rls-mgr/rls-nn-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 16:19 <juliank> bug 2096979

 16:19 <juliank> this is with me

 16:20 <juliank> fixed tag

 16:20 <juliank> bug 1888347

 16:20 <juliank> nothing new

 16:20 <juliank> bug 2088268

 16:21 <juliank> Marking systemd invalid

 16:21 <juliank> This will allow other packages to be added and fixed

 16:21 <juliank> bug 2098093 I still need to talk to slyon about

 16:22 <juliank> But it's tagged server-triage-discuss so hmm

 16:22 <juliank> #link http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/rls-mgr/rls-jj-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 16:22 <juliank> zilch

 16:22 <juliank> #link http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/rls-mgr/rls-ff-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 16:22 <juliank> niente

 16:23 <juliank> #topic Team proposed-migration report

 16:23 <juliank> #link https://ubuntu-archive-team.ubuntu.com/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs

 16:23 <juliank> hooray this is terrific

 16:23 <bdrung> zilch - which language is that?

 16:23 <waveform> slang

 16:24 <juliank> It's like when you say nix in German

 16:24 <bdrung> slang - in which language? English?

 16:24 <juliank> yes

 16:24 <waveform> zilch, zero, nada, nuthin!

 16:24 <bdrung> n√ºscht, nix

 16:26 <bdrung> logs from our last meeting: https://irclogs.ubuntu.com/2025/02/27/%23ubuntu-meeting.html

 16:26 <juliank> sphinx was with levihackerman, bfptrace with juliank, build-essential with doko

 16:26 <juliank> pciutils, python-click, and numpy are waiting

 16:27 <juliank> let's assign some people to actually try them if they are missing from the queue

 16:27 <juliank> pciutils, python-click, and numpy: adrien

 16:28 <adrien> ack :)

 16:28 <juliank> #topic AOB

 16:29 <bdrung> I will be off tomorrow.

 16:30 <juliank> I will have to be off Mar 17 and Mar 18 I believe

 16:30 <juliank> Still a bit too go

 16:30 <mateus-morais> I'm off next week, moving to a new apartment

 16:30 <adrien> not AOB: retrying these tests and a few others that got lost (as I said on MM, losing 0.01% of test results is probably not very bad or entirely avoidable)

 16:33 <juliank> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)