== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team meeting, started by juliank, 23 Jan at 16:02 &mdash; 16:56 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2025/ubuntu-meeting.2025-01-23-16.02.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning rounds ===

Discussion started by juliank at 16:02.

 * ''LINK:'' https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/foundations-team-updates-thursday-2025-01-23/53816   (juliank, 16:03)

=== Release incoming bugs ===

Discussion started by juliank at 16:11.

 * ''LINK:'' http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/rls-mgr/rls-pp-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs   (juliank, 16:11)
 * ''LINK:'' http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/rls-mgr/rls-nn-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs   (juliank, 16:18)

=== Team proposed-migration report ===

Discussion started by juliank at 16:36.

 * ''LINK:'' https://ubuntu-archive-team.ubuntu.com/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs   (juliank, 16:37)

=== AOB ===

Discussion started by juliank at 16:49.




== People present (lines said) ==

 * juliank (55)
 * schopin (19)
 * enr0n (5)
 * bdrung (4)
 * waveform (4)
 * meetingology (2)
 * rkratky (2)
 * dviererbe (1)
 * levihackerman (1)
 * uralt (1)
 * zhsj (1)



== Full log ==


 16:02 <juliank> #startmeeting Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team

 16:02 <meetingology> Meeting started at 16:02:44 UTC.  The chair is juliank.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 16:02 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 16:02 <juliank> #topic Lightning rounds

 16:02 <schopin> o/

 16:02 <bdrung> juliank, always blame windows!

 16:03 <juliank> #link https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/foundations-team-updates-thursday-2025-01-23/53816

 16:03 <dviererbe> o/

 16:04 <levihackerman> o/

 16:09 <schopin> waveform: you mention the rpi-eeprom package, right now you're waiting on SRU review on the .2, correct?

 16:09 <waveform> correct

 16:10 <waveform> schopin, oh erm, SRU or AA? Is the AA ack done?

 16:10 <schopin> It's new binaries, it needs to get through Unapproved before it gets to NEW (because we need it to build ;) )

 16:11 <juliank> #topic Release incoming bugs

 16:11 <juliank> #link http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/rls-mgr/rls-pp-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 16:13 <juliank> bug 2006981

 16:14 <bdrung> schopin posted a possible check that apport can do before trying to launch windows

 16:15 <bdrung> so we could take this ticket

 16:15 <schopin> I think the Desktop team would like this, because otherwise they don't get crash reports for gnome-shell.

 16:16 <schopin> Or maybe they do, just belated?

 16:16 <juliank> taken

 16:16 <schopin> üëç

 16:16 <juliank> Assigned to bdrung for now

 16:16 <juliank> bug 2093081

 16:17 <juliank> enr0n: yo

 16:17 <bdrung> juliank, why not gifting it to schopin?

 16:17 <enr0n> ah yes

 16:17 <juliank> bdrung: you can gift it to him it's your component :D

 16:17 <schopin> bdrung: who are we kidding, we'll most likely work on it during our pairing session anyway...

 16:17 <juliank> haha

 16:18 <juliank> we'll get back to nginx systemd thing next week

 16:18 <juliank> oo is empty

 16:18 <juliank> #link http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/rls-mgr/rls-nn-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 16:18 <juliank> bug 1888347 is still incomplete

 16:19 <juliank> seems to be true

 16:19 <juliank> also me commenting it delayed the closure lol

 16:19 <juliank> bug 2088268

 16:23 <schopin> still waiting on input from Security

 16:23 <juliank> bug 2092501

 16:23 <juliank> Sorry I already moved ahead a bit internally

 16:23 <juliank> :D

 16:24 <schopin> I figured ;)

 16:25 <juliank> OK so this isn't resolved upstream yet

 16:25 <juliank> The tag feels a bit premature

 16:25 <schopin> agreed.

 16:26 <schopin> untag with a note to tag it back once it's actionable?

 16:26 <juliank> I'll tag it rls-qq-incoming and then we will check it in May at the latest

 16:26 <schopin> that works too :P

 16:27 <juliank> bug 2041518 is with desktop

 16:27 <schopin> Actually that sounds a lot like the one I tagged.

 16:27 <juliank> Oh yes it does

 16:28 <juliank> there are two cases of the bug

 16:28 <schopin> So while it's still be nice for the G* stack to surface proper exceptions, we might finally be rid of this particular bug.

 16:28 <juliank> (1) the windows already is open and we are crashing

 16:28 <juliank> (2) we are trying to open the window after the connection is shut down

 16:29 <juliank> I guess we can keep this one for (1)

 16:29 <juliank> bug 2092463

 16:30 <juliank> very weird

 16:30 <juliank> I guess we can tag that enr0n

 16:31 <enr0n> hm, let me look

 16:31 <juliank> you tagged it incoming :D

 16:31 <enr0n> ugh, I can't keep track of u-r-u bugs

 16:32 <juliank> enr0n: so tag it is?

 16:32 <juliank> I don't have much more insight to give either as I never saw it before :D

 16:32 <schopin> This needs investigating I guess, they might have some weird sources.

 16:33 <enr0n> They have *so many* sources. My first guess was it's another python-apt issue (like the ones that don't like [foo=bar], or weird things about comments)

 16:33 <juliank> so invalid means the sources.list rewriter failed

 16:34 <schopin> My money is on the [arch=i386,amd64] thing

 16:34 <juliank> arch should be fine

 16:34 <enr0n> yeah, that seems like a good bet

 16:35 <juliank> It's still frustrating people put arch in there in teh first place

 16:35 <juliank> (the proper way to is to list all architectures in Architectures:; then apt will not warn if you repository doesn ot have packages for an arch)

 16:36 <juliank> But yeah this needs investigating but the fix should be obvious from that

 16:36 <juliank> It's not like this is some wild goosechase

 16:36 <juliank> Let's tag and move on

 16:36 <juliank> #topic Team proposed-migration report

 16:37 <juliank> (yes jj ff were empty)

 16:37 <juliank> #link https://ubuntu-archive-team.ubuntu.com/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs

 16:40 <schopin> python vs nova should be done

 16:42 <waveform> pyudev's still with me

 16:42 <schopin> Is anything on that migration unassigned?

 16:42 <waveform> (it needs a whole new version uploaded to fix)

 16:44 <juliank> python3-defaults vs ansible-core/2.18.1-4: rkratky

 16:45 <rkratky> ack

 16:46 <juliank> rkratky so it turns out this was assigned mateus-morais but I don't see it :D

 16:47 <juliank> python3-defaults rest: ginggs

 16:47 <juliank> xxhash rkratky

 16:48 <rkratky> ok :)

 16:48 <juliank> libpng1.6 vs gtk4: uralt

 16:48 <schopin> could you assign libgit2 to me?

 16:49 <uralt> ack

 16:49 <juliank> libxs-parse-keyword-perl: liushuyu

 16:49 <juliank> #topic AOB

 16:50 <zhsj> i will be off for next two weeks

 16:56 <juliank> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)