== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team meeting, started by juliank, 03 Apr at 15:04 &mdash; 15:31 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2025/ubuntu-meeting.2025-04-03-15.04.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning rounds ===

Discussion started by juliank at 15:05.

 * ''LINK:'' https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/foundations-team-updates-thursday-2025-04-03/   (juliank, 15:05)

=== Release incoming bugs ===

Discussion started by juliank at 15:14.

 * ''LINK:'' http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/rls-mgr/rls-pp-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs   (juliank, 15:14)
 * ''LINK:'' http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/rls-mgr/rls-nn-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs   (juliank, 15:16)

=== Team proposed-migration report ===

Discussion started by juliank at 15:27.

 * ''LINK:'' https://ubuntu-archive-team.ubuntu.com/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs   (juliank, 15:27)

=== AOB ===

Discussion started by juliank at 15:30.




== People present (lines said) ==

 * juliank (25)
 * enr0n (8)
 * andersson123 (3)
 * meetingology (2)
 * Skia (2)
 * ginggs (1)
 * ravikant_ (1)
 * uralt (1)
 * schopin (1)
 * xypron (1)
 * mclemenceau (1)
 * zhsj (1)
 * pushkarnk (1)
 * maxgmr (1)
 * levihackerman (1)
 * bdrung (1)



== Full log ==


 15:04 <juliank> #startmeeting Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team

 15:04 <meetingology> Meeting started at 15:04:51 UTC.  The chair is juliank.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 15:04 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 15:04 <ginggs> o/

 15:05 <andersson123> o/

 15:05 <ravikant_> o/

 15:05 <juliank> #topic Lightning rounds

 15:05 <uralt> o/

 15:05 <Skia> o7

 15:05 <schopin> o/ (again)

 15:05 <xypron> \o

 15:05 <juliank> #link https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/foundations-team-updates-thursday-2025-04-03/

 15:05 <mclemenceau> o/

 15:06 <zhsj> o/

 15:07 <pushkarnk> \o

 15:07 <maxgmr> o/

 15:08 <levihackerman> o/

 15:12 <enr0n> juliank: good to move along?

 15:13 <Skia> üëç

 15:13 <juliank> Time to continue

 15:13 <juliank> We have 2 bugs and 1 proposed migration item today

 15:14 <juliank> #topic Release incoming bugs

 15:14 <juliank> #link http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/rls-mgr/rls-pp-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 15:14 <juliank> bug 1876917

 15:14 <juliank> enr0n: Left this in last week to discuss it today

 15:14 <enr0n> looking

 15:16 <enr0n> hm yeah I guess I can take that and see if that's actually true

 15:16 <juliank> ok

 15:16 <juliank> #link http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/rls-mgr/rls-nn-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 15:16 <enr0n> I am familiar with the rules systemd/udev ship by default, but not that other package

 15:16 <juliank> bug 2103839

 15:16 <juliank> enr0n: Removing is easy though

 15:18 <enr0n> this is a long standing issue, and IIUC, it might not even be fixed upstream correctly yet. I will circle back to this one during my bug triage tomorrow

 15:19 <enr0n> I *think* we attempted to fix this in an SRU at some point, but maybe it was insufficient or regressed again

 15:19 <juliank> So we belive this file is no longer generated by default

 15:19 <juliank> We probably should remove it at the start of 25.10

 15:21 <enr0n> Oh I completely misread this and assumed it was about the dublin/DST thing

 15:21 <enr0n> so ignore me above

 15:21 <juliank> Should reintroduce support for updating /etc/timezone if it exists for 24.04-plucky and then get rid of it in 25.10

 15:21 <bdrung> yes please

 15:27 <juliank> #topic Team proposed-migration report

 15:27 <juliank> #link https://ubuntu-archive-team.ubuntu.com/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs

 15:27 <juliank> bpftrace is with me buzt andersson123 is assigned to the bug

 15:29 <juliank> We should just force build with llvm 19?

 15:29 <andersson123> feel free to un-assign ; I haven't touched in a few weeks

 15:29 <andersson123> this was my last stab at it https://launchpad.net/~andersson123/+archive/ubuntu/bpftrace/+packages

 15:30 <juliank> The other item is gcc-15-cross

 15:30 <juliank> We heard doko is fixing it

 15:30 <juliank> #topic AOB

 15:31 <juliank> No other business

 15:31 <juliank> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)