== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team meeting, started by juliank, 27 Feb at 16:02 &mdash; 16:47 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2025/ubuntu-meeting.2025-02-27-16.02.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning rounds ===

Discussion started by juliank at 16:02.

 * ''LINK:'' https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/foundations-team-updates-thursday-2025-02-27/56018/   (juliank, 16:03)

=== Release incoming bugs ===

Discussion started by juliank at 16:14.

 * ''LINK:'' http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/rls-mgr/rls-pp-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs   (juliank, 16:14)
 * ''LINK:'' http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/rls-mgr/rls-nn-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs   (juliank, 16:27)

=== Team proposed-migration report ===

Discussion started by juliank at 16:35.

 * ''LINK:'' https://ubuntu-archive-team.ubuntu.com/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs   (juliank, 16:35)

=== AOB ===

Discussion started by juliank at 16:43.




== People present (lines said) ==

 * juliank (55)
 * schopin (9)
 * enr0n (3)
 * meetingology (2)
 * mateus-morais (2)
 * Skia (2)
 * levihackerman (2)
 * r41k0u (2)
 * adrien (1)
 * samirkamerkar (1)



== Full log ==


 16:02 <juliank> #startmeeting Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team

 16:02 <meetingology> Meeting started at 16:02:41 UTC.  The chair is juliank.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 16:02 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 16:02 <juliank> #topic Lightning rounds

 16:03 <juliank> #link https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/foundations-team-updates-thursday-2025-02-27/56018/

 16:04 * schopin thinks we should probably rename that particular topic :)

 16:14 <juliank> #topic Release incoming bugs

 16:14 <juliank> #link http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/rls-mgr/rls-pp-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 16:14 <juliank> bug 2099778

 16:22 <juliank> doko: gcc-defaults-ports needs a merge ^

 16:22 <juliank> bug 2099864

 16:22 <juliank> enr0n: ^

 16:23 <enr0n> juliank: untag, fix committed

 16:25 <juliank> bug 2099827

 16:25 <mateus-morais> I have a fix for that one pending review and sponsorship

 16:25 <juliank> untagging this then as the work is for sponsoring

 16:27 <juliank> #link http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/rls-mgr/rls-nn-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 16:27 <schopin> FWIW bug 2100266 is for us

 16:28 <schopin> It just happens that we're not subscribed to the various rustc-*

 16:28 <juliank> Oh we are subscribed to that one

 16:28 <juliank> It just happens that the incoming bug list tool seems to not know about it

 16:28 <juliank> maybe it failed to refresh its subscriptions

 16:30 <juliank> rustc is tagged

 16:30 <juliank> bug 2088268

 16:30 <schopin> Skia: you know about that infra perhaps? ^

 16:30 <juliank> This has an update to add affected packages to an exclusion list

 16:31 <juliank> that's for submitters to add bug tasks

 16:31 <juliank> bug 2096979

 16:31 <enr0n> backing up for a second, can we "won't fix" bug 2088268 for systemd then?

 16:32 <juliank> enr0n: I don't know how the systemd-tmpfiles D /tmp or what it is exclusions are managed

 16:32 <Skia> schopin: yes, I know about that infra, but it's old and ancient and old and ancient, and I guess investigating that would take quite some time.

 16:33 <juliank> enr0n: Can you figure that out and handle the systemd state accordingly?

 16:33 <enr0n> juliank: alright I'll try to provide a proof of concept for affected packages to help it along first then

 16:33 <juliank> wireless-regdb is straightforward, taking it

 16:34 <juliank> (personally :D)

 16:34 <juliank> bug 2098093

 16:34 <juliank> I'll go ask Slyon about it

 16:35 <juliank> jj, ff empty

 16:35 <juliank> #topic Team proposed-migration report

 16:35 <juliank> #link https://ubuntu-archive-team.ubuntu.com/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs

 16:36 <juliank> libuv1 is with mateus-morais

 16:36 <schopin> glibc is mine ;)

 16:36 <juliank> libsepol is with waveform

 16:36 <juliank> git is with adrianoco

 16:36 <juliank> glibc is with schopin

 16:37 <juliank> the rest is going to be messy

 16:38 <juliank> python-click vs black: xypron

 16:38 <juliank> vs celery  mwhudson

 16:38 <juliank> vs mailman3 paride

 16:38 <juliank> vs python-inline-snapshot vpa1977

 16:38 <juliank> vs python-renault-api pushkarnk

 16:38 <juliank> vs python-whey chrisccoulson

 16:39 <juliank> vs scriv/1.5.1-1: mkukri

 16:39 <juliank> vs silkaj/0.11.0-2: andersson123

 16:39 <juliank> vs sqlfluff/3.3.1-1 adrien

 16:39 <juliank> vs typer/0.15.1-1: Skia

 16:39 <Skia> ack

 16:40 <adrien> ack

 16:40 <juliank> sphinx: mateus-morais (seems there is an MIR in there too for extra fun)

 16:40 <juliank> but maybe we can avoid the node-mathjax-full dependency?

 16:40 <schopin> doesn't mateus-morais already have libuv1?

 16:40 <juliank> schopin: Yes but that is the patch from the bug further above

 16:40 <levihackerman> I can take it up, since I haven't done an mir before

 16:41 <schopin> mateus-morais: I tried... ;)

 16:41 <juliank> Alright

 16:41 <mateus-morais> haha I'm out most of next week so, better to hand it over anyway :)

 16:41 <juliank> sphinx: levihackerman

 16:41 <levihackerman> ack

 16:42 <juliank> bpftrace: juliank

 16:42 <samirkamerkar> We may want to reassign that as mateus-morais will be out of office half of next week - Monday to Wednesday

 16:42 <juliank> build-essential: doko

 16:42 <juliank> samirkamerkar: We already did :)

 16:42 <schopin> juliank: falling on his sword for the team. Nice.

 16:42 <r41k0u> I can take up libuv then

 16:43 <schopin> r41k0u: it's in the hands of sponsors now I think ;)

 16:43 <juliank> that's all

 16:43 <juliank> #topic AOB

 16:43 <r41k0u> ahh

 16:47 <juliank> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)