== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team meeting, started by juliank, 30 Jan at 16:01 &mdash; 16:31 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2025/ubuntu-meeting.2025-01-30-16.01.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning rounds ===

Discussion started by juliank at 16:01.

 * ''LINK:'' https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/foundations-team-updates-thursday-2025-01-30/54248   (juliank, 16:01)

=== Release incoming bugs ===

Discussion started by juliank at 16:12.

 * ''LINK:'' http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/rls-mgr/rls-pp-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs   (juliank, 16:12)
 * ''LINK:'' http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/rls-mgr/rls-nn-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs   (juliank, 16:18)
 * ''LINK:'' https://ubuntu-archive-team.ubuntu.com/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs   (juliank, 16:21)

=== Team proposed-migration report ===

Discussion started by juliank at 16:21.


=== AOB ===

Discussion started by juliank at 16:26.




== People present (lines said) ==

 * juliank (47)
 * schopin (8)
 * mkukri (6)
 * ginggs (5)
 * enr0n (5)
 * tobhe (3)
 * meetingology (2)
 * jbicha (2)
 * levihackerman (1)
 * mateus-morais (1)
 * Skia (1)
 * adrien (1)
 * xypron (1)
 * bdrung (1)
 * dviererbe (1)
 * ebarretto (1)



== Full log ==


 16:01 <juliank> #startmeeting Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team

 16:01 <meetingology> Meeting started at 16:01:03 UTC.  The chair is juliank.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 16:01 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 16:01 <juliank> #topic Lightning rounds

 16:01 <ginggs> o/

 16:01 <juliank> #link https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/foundations-team-updates-thursday-2025-01-30/54248

 16:01 <levihackerman> o/

 16:01 <mateus-morais> o/

 16:02 <Skia> o7

 16:03 <mkukri> o/

 16:03 <adrien> \o

 16:03 <xypron> o/

 16:12 <juliank> #topic Release incoming bugs

 16:12 <juliank> We have 2 bugs for pp and 3 for nn

 16:12 <juliank> #link http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/rls-mgr/rls-pp-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 16:12 <juliank> bug 2093081 - enr0n ?

 16:12 <juliank> still more time? :D

 16:12 <enr0n> ugh this keeps falling off my radar

 16:13 <enr0n> one sec

 16:13 <juliank> enr0n: create yourself a spike for next pulse, perhaps?

 16:13 <enr0n> yeah

 16:14 <enr0n> doing that now, we can move on

 16:14 <juliank> bug 1886211

 16:14 <juliank> mkukri: could just drop the auto completion entirely shrug

 16:14 <juliank> maybe dkiper wants to fix it :D

 16:15 <mkukri> yeah it does not sound like something we care about

 16:15 <mkukri> also no one actually uses grub-reboot

 16:15 <schopin> that you know of :)

 16:16 <mkukri> i mean we should just remove the incorrect automcomplete and make dkiper fix it

 16:16 <juliank> I'm fine just tagging it rls-pp-wontfix

 16:16 <mkukri> aka it wont happen in the next 3 years

 16:16 <juliank> We don't need to allocate time for it particularly

 16:16 <juliank> "Patches welcome"

 16:18 <juliank> alright

 16:18 <juliank> #link http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/rls-mgr/rls-nn-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 16:18 <juliank> bug 1888347

 16:18 <juliank> still waiting for details

 16:18 <juliank> bug 2088268

 16:18 <juliank> Up to security whether they follow the argument or not

 16:19 <juliank> bug 2041518 was with desktop, I remember now

 16:19 <schopin> juliank: not anymore

 16:19 <schopin> I've figured out a workaround

 16:20 <juliank> schopin: hmm? There's two bugs, one for "apport starts after display is shutdown" and the  other for display dies while gtk applications print dialog

 16:20 <juliank> I thought we kept that one for the generic kind

 16:20 <schopin> oh, right.

 16:21 <juliank> I left a comment with details :D

 16:21 <juliank> #link https://ubuntu-archive-team.ubuntu.com/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs

 16:21 <juliank> #topic Team proposed-migration report

 16:22 <juliank> Wrong order :/

 16:22 <juliank> Let's see

 16:22 <juliank> 9 packages needing attention, 15 packages not yet considered late

 16:22 <juliank> We're going to ignore numpy because it's weird dependency issues everywhere

 16:23 <juliank> (all it's rdeps need rebuilding against the new abi)

 16:23 <jbicha> Desktop is handling libpng1.6/gtk4

 16:23 <ginggs> i'm doing the no-change rebuillds for numpy

 16:23 <juliank> Who takes over rustc/libgit2 stuff

 16:24 <juliank> I see schopin is looking at libgit2

 16:24 <schopin> yeah, I'm a bit unhappy about that one, how come we started a transition ahead of Debian on it?

 16:25 <jbicha> schopin: I agree

 16:25 <juliank> vim vs vim-youcompleteme: mwhudson

 16:25 <juliank> pillow vs python-guizero: enr0n

 16:25 <enr0n> ack

 16:25 <ginggs> i filed a bug for pillow

 16:25 <ginggs> just needs an archive adming

 16:25 <juliank> OK

 16:26 <juliank> then schopin ^

 16:26 <juliank> Remove the package

 16:26 <ginggs> LP: #2097001

 16:26 <schopin> looking.

 16:26 <juliank> #topic AOB

 16:27 <bdrung> Fosdem will be on the weekend.

 16:27 <tobhe> yay

 16:27 <tobhe> what about Matrix

 16:27 <juliank> This meeting will eventually move to matrix

 16:28 <juliank> It would be nice to have the meeting notes in discourse in the status threads

 16:28 <schopin> please not before we have publicly available logs on Matrix.

 16:29 <dviererbe> don't you get the chat "logs" when joining a channel?

 16:29 <juliank> usually

 16:29 <mkukri> that has to be enabled idk if the ubuntu channels do that

 16:29 <tobhe> you do get logs, but I think the search is not great

 16:29 <schopin> If you have to join then it's not public in my book.

 16:29 <juliank> but (a) it's not reliable and (b) you can't link to it publicly

 16:30 <juliank> So we will wait until matrix council folks tell us we have logs

 16:30 <ebarretto> juliank: on bug 2088268 I will follow up with Sud, it might have slipped after the holidays.

 16:30 <juliank> Thanks ebarretto

 16:31 <juliank> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)