== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status meeting, started by cpaelzer, 07 Jan at 15:32 &mdash; 16:02 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2025/ubuntu-meeting.2025-01-07-15.32.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== current component mismatches ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 15:32.

 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg   (cpaelzer, 15:32)
 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg   (cpaelzer, 15:32)
 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/lua5.4/+bug/2026608   (cpaelzer, 15:34)
 * ''LINK:'' https://launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/freeradius/3.2.6+dfsg-3   (cpaelzer, 15:35)
 * ''LINK:'' https://tracker.debian.org/pkg/wtmpdb is orphaned and depends on orphaned, I doubt we want to promote that  (cpaelzer, 15:36)
 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.debian.org/cgi-bin/bugreport.cgi?bug=1092022   (cpaelzer, 15:39)

=== New MIRs ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 15:40.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=NEW&field.status%3Alist=CONFIRMED&assignee_option=none&field.assignee=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (cpaelzer, 15:40)
 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/flexparser/+bug/2089037   (cpaelzer, 15:41)
 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/glycin/+bug/2093182   (cpaelzer, 15:41)

=== Incomplete bugs / questions ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 15:44.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (cpaelzer, 15:44)
 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/nbd/+bug/2054480   (cpaelzer, 15:46)
 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/nbd/+bug/2078255/comments/8   (cpaelzer, 15:49)

=== Process/Documentation improvements ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 15:53.

 * ''LINK:'' https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/pulls   (cpaelzer, 15:53)
 * ''LINK:'' https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/issues   (cpaelzer, 15:53)

=== MIR related Security Review Queue ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 15:54.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-security/+bugs?field.searchtext=%5BMIR%5D&assignee_option=choose&field.assignee=ubuntu-security&field.bug_reporter=&field.bug_commenter=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (cpaelzer, 15:54)
 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-security/+bugs?field.searchtext=[MIR]&assignee_option=choose&field.assignee=ubuntu-security&field.bug_reporter=&field.bug_commenter=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (cpaelzer, 15:54)
 * ''LINK:'' https://warthogs.atlassian.net/jira/software/c/projects/SEC/boards/594   (cpaelzer, 15:54)
 * ''LINK:'' https://warthogs.atlassian.net/browse/SEC-5570   (sarnold, 15:56)
 * ''LINK:'' https://warthogs.atlassian.net/browse/SEC-5571   (sarnold, 15:58)

=== Any other business? ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 16:01.




== People present (lines said) ==

 * cpaelzer (112)
 * sarnold (19)
 * meetingology (2)
 * jamespage (1)
 * slyon (1)



== Full log ==


 15:32 <cpaelzer> #startmeeting Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status

 15:32 <meetingology> Meeting started at 15:32:19 UTC.  The chair is cpaelzer.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 15:32 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 15:32 <cpaelzer> Ping for MIR meeting - didrocks joalif slyon sarnold cpaelzer jamespage ( dviererbe )

 15:32 <jamespage> o/

 15:32 <cpaelzer> hi everyone

 15:32 <cpaelzer> #topic current component mismatches

 15:32 <cpaelzer> Mission: Identify required actions and spread the load among the teams

 15:32 <cpaelzer> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg

 15:32 <cpaelzer> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg

 15:33 <cpaelzer> I expected more due to autp-sync doing so much

 15:33 <cpaelzer> a lot is approved or worked on already

 15:33 <cpaelzer> new is frr, hmm I've seen that but lua5.3 ...

 15:33 <cpaelzer> let me check which version is where

 15:33 <sarnold> good morning

 15:34 <cpaelzer> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/lua5.4/+bug/2026608

 15:34 <cpaelzer> should use 5.4

 15:34 <cpaelzer> ahasenack unexpected side effect of the merge of frr

 15:35 <cpaelzer> https://launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/freeradius/3.2.6+dfsg-3

 15:35 <cpaelzer> brought in changelog: "  * freeradius-utils: add wtmpdb needed for radlast"

 15:36 <cpaelzer> https://tracker.debian.org/pkg/wtmpdb is orphaned and depends on orphaned, I doubt we want to promote that

 15:36 <cpaelzer> hrm

 15:37 <sarnold> orphaned already? it looks brand new :/

 15:39 <cpaelzer> it is, and deps it has too

 15:39 <cpaelzer> and yes it is rather new, in no old release

 15:39 <cpaelzer> https://bugs.debian.org/cgi-bin/bugreport.cgi?bug=1092022

 15:40 <cpaelzer> interesting "I preemptively decline to state reasons for this action." now I'm even more curious :-)

 15:40 <cpaelzer> anyway, going on

 15:40 <cpaelzer> #topic New MIRs

 15:40 <cpaelzer> Mission: ensure to assign all incoming reviews for fast processing

 15:40 <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=NEW&field.status%3Alist=CONFIRMED&assignee_option=none&field.assignee=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 15:40 <cpaelzer> three cases

 15:41 <cpaelzer> I can do https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/python-legacy-cgi/+bug/2089244

 15:41 <cpaelzer> that already seems to have some discussions, will look what that was about

 15:41 <cpaelzer> two more to grab

 15:41 <cpaelzer> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/flexparser/+bug/2089037

 15:41 <cpaelzer> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/glycin/+bug/2093182

 15:42 <slyon> I can do flexparser

 15:42 <cpaelzer> nice

 15:42 <cpaelzer> the other one also asks for security review

 15:42 <cpaelzer> "

 15:42 <cpaelzer> see this "We are putting this package in the MIR review queue with some known TOFIX items (lack of autopkgtest, rust craft not vendored yet). We don't need the package promoted this cycle and have tasks in our backlog to resolve those points but we expect it to need a security review and would like to get the package in the queue already so it has a chance to be ready for Qcycle."

 15:43 <cpaelzer> so essentally while they fix the known "TOFIX" they'd like to enqueue in seucrity

 15:43 <cpaelzer> sarnold:  can you make that happen?

 15:43 <sarnold> "Flexparser is required in Ubuntu main no later than February 20, 2025 due to Plucky Puffin feature freeze" .. omg, here it is, as predicted, once on this side of the holidays the deadlines feel so very very close

 15:43 <cpaelzer> hehe

 15:44 <cpaelzer> yes, out of PTO into the urgentinator

 15:44 <cpaelzer> All assigned her

 15:44 <cpaelzer> e

 15:44 <cpaelzer> #topic Incomplete bugs / questions

 15:44 <cpaelzer> Mission: Identify required actions and spread the load among the teams

 15:44 <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 15:44 <sarnold> lol

 15:45 <cpaelzer> we cover a lot of distance

 15:45 <cpaelzer> all after the tue before christmas

 15:45 <cpaelzer> 24 -7 => 17

 15:45 <cpaelzer> so the two cases of rust-sequia-sq and nbd-client are worth looking at

 15:46 <cpaelzer> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/nbd/+bug/2054480

 15:46 <cpaelzer> I asked to be nice to them as they worked on doing all we asked for

 15:46 <cpaelzer> with our harder requirements of today

 15:46 <cpaelzer> let me see what is the last update here

 15:46 <cpaelzer> ah

 15:46 <cpaelzer> the conversation between sarnold and pragyansh

 15:48 <sarnold> rust-sequia-sq looks to just be boring status update, not ready for our input yet

 15:48 <cpaelzer> agreed

 15:49 <cpaelzer> and nbd is actually on a good way - only asking for some better reasons than "to fix the test" to the appamror handling

 15:49 <cpaelzer> Seth made a good comment there

 15:49 <cpaelzer> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/nbd/+bug/2078255/comments/8

 15:49 <cpaelzer> after which is should be no more unclear what he asks for

 15:49 <sarnold> oo :) thanks

 15:50 <cpaelzer> since they add so much e.g. isolation for NBD I'm tempted to treat it the following way

 15:50 <sarnold> getting apparmor profiles 'right' can sometimes be a challenge .. so I'm not surprised that one of us might make some suggestions that it ought to be done in a very different way

 15:50 <cpaelzer> 1. Go on with the MIR (what they add is better than nothing as we'd have don in the past)

 15:50 <cpaelzer> 2. https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/nbd/+bug/2078255 stays open to make it better

 15:50 <cpaelzer> WDYT?

 15:51 <sarnold> getting a thing to *work* is different than having ideas of how it ought to work, so there's also room for conversation, but iirc I had some significant concerns on this one

 15:51 <cpaelzer> yep

 15:51 <cpaelzer> it was mostly "two arches off" as a workaround for fails

 15:51 <cpaelzer> which if we'd leave it unexplained as-is forever is just defeat

 15:52 <cpaelzer> but I also feel OTOH that we should not chastice the folks that didn't say (like many do often) "can't do isolation" but instead started to add it

 15:52 <cpaelzer> hence my gut feeling suggests the above

 15:52 <cpaelzer> I wonder if we should get them in the same virtual room to check how close they are to something better

 15:53 <cpaelzer> but for now they are all back this week and need some time to read and potentially answer7act on it

 15:53 <cpaelzer> so even my "should we allow the current MIR being better than before" suggestion is not for this week

 15:53 <cpaelzer> #topic Process/Documentation improvements

 15:53 <cpaelzer> Mission: Review pending process/documentation pull-requests or issues

 15:53 <cpaelzer> #link https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/pulls

 15:53 <cpaelzer> #link https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/issues

 15:54 <cpaelzer> only old issues

 15:54 <cpaelzer> PRs in draft

 15:54 <cpaelzer> #topic MIR related Security Review Queue

 15:54 <cpaelzer> Mission: Check on progress, do deadlines seem doable?

 15:54 <cpaelzer> Some clients can only work with one, some with the other escaping - the URLs point to the same place.

 15:54 <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-security/+bugs?field.searchtext=%5BMIR%5D&assignee_option=choose&field.assignee=ubuntu-security&field.bug_reporter=&field.bug_commenter=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 15:54 <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-security/+bugs?field.searchtext=[MIR]&assignee_option=choose&field.assignee=ubuntu-security&field.bug_reporter=&field.bug_commenter=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 15:54 <cpaelzer> Internal link

 15:54 <cpaelzer> - ensure your teams items are prioritized among each other as you'd expect

 15:54 <cpaelzer> - ensure community requests do not get stomped by teams calling for favors too much

 15:54 <cpaelzer> #link https://warthogs.atlassian.net/jira/software/c/projects/SEC/boards/594

 15:55 <cpaelzer> sarnold: can you add glycin rigth away (https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/glycin/+bug/2093182)

 15:55 <sarnold> exfatprogs is likely to have some progress in the next two weeks, despite rodrigo being the main lead on security team's kernel efforts

 15:55 <sarnold> good idea

 15:55 <cpaelzer> Other than that I see jpeg-xl, exfatprogs and lenovo-wwan-unlock which probably all want to be in plucky

 15:56 <sarnold> reward forward thinking :)

 15:56 <sarnold> https://warthogs.atlassian.net/browse/SEC-5570

 15:56 <cpaelzer> really those three that are already in should be done by next or the latest by next+1 week - otherwise your feedback will be hard to address in time for feature freeze

 15:57 <cpaelzer> thanks for 5570

 15:57 <cpaelzer> I wonder about https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/jemalloc/+bug/2088056

 15:57 <sarnold> moment..

 15:57 <cpaelzer> that was assigned to joalif a while ago, and would also need to hit security I assume

 15:57 <cpaelzer> joalif: are you around and could ensure to have a MIR look

 15:57 <cpaelzer> and sarnold I think you should also include that right now as well

 15:58 <sarnold> there's no way that's 'easy' code, that's *so old* and is absolutely going to have a thousand tunables ..

 15:58 <cpaelzer> this is also plucky which means the Feb 20th above

 15:58 <cpaelzer> the only thing called easy in that MIR is the packaging, which is easy

 15:58 <cpaelzer> what are you referring to sarnold?

 15:58 <sarnold> https://warthogs.atlassian.net/browse/SEC-5571

 15:58 <sarnold> jemalloc

 15:59 <cpaelzer> no one said it is easy, still it was filed timely and knowing now it is needed in 6 weeks is muhc better than finding out in 5 weeks

 15:59 <sarnold> yes :)

 15:59 <cpaelzer> TL;DR you should appreciate I put pressure on you now :-P

 16:00 <cpaelzer> what a stupid sentence, but you get the positive point :-)

 16:00 <sarnold> <3

 16:01 <cpaelzer> #topic Any other business?

 16:01 <cpaelzer> not me other than, oh no time is up

 16:01 <cpaelzer> let me hit some numbers and close this

 16:01 <cpaelzer> hurry if you have a topic :-)

 16:01 <cpaelzer> 6

 16:01 <cpaelzer> 23

 16:01 <cpaelzer> 785

 16:01 <cpaelzer> 2

 16:01 <cpaelzer> done

 16:01 <cpaelzer> until next week

 16:01 <sarnold> zounds

 16:02 <cpaelzer> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)