== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status meeting, started by slyon, 22 Apr at 14:31 &mdash; 14:45 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2025/ubuntu-meeting.2025-04-22-14.31.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== current component mismatches ===

Discussion started by slyon at 14:31.

 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg   (slyon, 14:31)
 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg   (slyon, 14:31)

=== New MIRs ===

Discussion started by slyon at 14:31.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=NEW&field.status%3Alist=CONFIRMED&assignee_option=none&field.assignee=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (slyon, 14:32)

=== Incomplete bugs / questions ===

Discussion started by slyon at 14:32.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (slyon, 14:32)
 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+bug/2072561 was given back to the reporter. sarnold did your already ping them directly to check-in on the status going forward?  (slyon, 14:32)

=== Process/Documentation improvements ===

Discussion started by slyon at 14:34.

 * ''LINK:'' https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/pulls   (slyon, 14:34)
 * ''LINK:'' https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/issues   (slyon, 14:34)

=== MIR related Security Review Queue ===

Discussion started by slyon at 14:35.

 * ''LINK:'' https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/issues/83   (sarnold, 14:35)
 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-security/+bugs?field.searchtext=%5BMIR%5D&assignee_option=choose&field.assignee=ubuntu-security&field.bug_reporter=&field.bug_commenter=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir&orderby=-date_last_updated&start=0   (slyon, 14:38)
 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-security/+bugs?field.searchtext=[MIR]&assignee_option=choose&field.assignee=ubuntu-security&field.bug_reporter=&field.bug_commenter=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir&orderby=-date_last_updated&start=0   (slyon, 14:38)
 * ''LINK:'' https://warthogs.atlassian.net/jira/software/c/projects/SEC/boards/594   (slyon, 14:38)

=== Any other business? ===

Discussion started by slyon at 14:42.




== People present (lines said) ==

 * slyon (45)
 * sarnold (15)
 * pushkarnk1 (3)
 * meetingology (2)
 * dviererbe (1)



== Full log ==


 14:31 <slyon> #startmeeting Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status

 14:31 <meetingology> Meeting started at 14:31:14 UTC.  The chair is slyon.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 14:31 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 14:31 <slyon> Ping for MIR meeting - didrocks joalif slyon sarnold cpaelzer jamespage pushkarnk ( dviererbe )

 14:31 <slyon> #topic current component mismatches

 14:31 <slyon> Mission: Identify required actions and spread the load among the teams

 14:31 <slyon> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg

 14:31 <slyon> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg

 14:31 <slyon> The archive is still frozen post-Plucky release. So nothing new, as expected.

 14:31 <sarnold> good morning

 14:31 <slyon> #topic New MIRs

 14:31 <slyon> Mission: ensure to assign all incoming reviews for fast processing

 14:32 <slyon> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=NEW&field.status%3Alist=CONFIRMED&assignee_option=none&field.assignee=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 14:32 <dviererbe> o/

 14:32 <slyon> empty \o/

 14:32 <pushkarnk1> o/

 14:32 <slyon> #topic Incomplete bugs / questions

 14:32 <slyon> Mission: Identify required actions and spread the load among the teams

 14:32 <slyon> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 14:32 <slyon> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+bug/2072561 was given back to the reporter. sarnold did your already ping them directly to check-in on the status going forward?

 14:33 <slyon> also a non-update (resource constraints) in https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/dbus-broker/+bug/2015538

 14:33 <sarnold> slyon: no, rodrigo added his comment after that conversation, so I felt that was enough to move on to other things, I didn't want to be pestering

 14:34 <slyon> sarnold: OK. wfm, I think that should be good enough.

 14:34 <slyon> #topic Process/Documentation improvements

 14:34 <slyon> Mission: Review pending process/documentation pull-requests or issues

 14:34 <slyon> #link https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/pulls

 14:34 <slyon> #link https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/issues

 14:35 <slyon> nothing new AFAICT

 14:35 <slyon> #topic MIR related Security Review Queue

 14:35 <slyon> Mission: Check on progress, do deadlines seem doable?

 14:35 <sarnold> https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/issues/83

 14:35 <sarnold> it might be worth rechecking the "hoping someone raises a hand" for #83, about component-mismatches

 14:36 <sarnold> new cycle, new team members, etc :)

 14:36 <sarnold> (alas, it's not *me*, but still, cycle opening is a decent time to at least ask)

 14:37 <pushkarnk1> I'll dare to take it :)

 14:37 <slyon> right. IIRC pushkarnk1 showed some interest in the past.

 14:37 <sarnold> woo, thanks pushkarnk1 :)

 14:37 <slyon> right. There might potentially also be support from Foundations people on improving the distro tooling going forward.

 14:38 <sarnold> yay :)

 14:38 <slyon> So, let's move on with security topics:

 14:38 <slyon> Some clients can only work with one, some with the other escaping - the URLs point to the same place.

 14:38 <slyon> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-security/+bugs?field.searchtext=%5BMIR%5D&assignee_option=choose&field.assignee=ubuntu-security&field.bug_reporter=&field.bug_commenter=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir&orderby=-date_last_updated&start=0

 14:38 <slyon> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-security/+bugs?field.searchtext=[MIR]&assignee_option=choose&field.assignee=ubuntu-security&field.bug_reporter=&field.bug_commenter=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir&orderby=-date_last_updated&start=0

 14:38 <slyon> Internal link

 14:38 <slyon> #link https://warthogs.atlassian.net/jira/software/c/projects/SEC/boards/594

 14:38 <slyon> sarnold: how did we finish the Plucky cycle and how are we moving forward?

 14:39 <slyon> The board is looking rather clean!

 14:39 <sarnold> from my perspective plucky went pretty well

 14:39 <sarnold> I'm still very sad to lose eslerm, he helped the whole thing run so much smoother than I did, but the rest of the team really pitched in did great work

 14:40 <sarnold> and we've got enough different people picking these up that it feels like a different time entirely, a far cry from the days when I was the only one doing them. it's a nice change :)

 14:41 <slyon> That's good to hear. Have you as a single point of failure would be bad :)

 14:41 <sarnold> we still have huge obligations elsewhere, but once in a while we can direct the attentions fo multiple people, and pdfio is elise's first package to review, so we're even still growing capability :)

 14:42 <sarnold> yes, yes it was, the conversations used to be a lot less happy..

 14:42 <slyon> And I'm glad that others are ready to pick up such reviews, too!

 14:42 <slyon> nice. Thanks for the update!

 14:42 <slyon> #topic Any other business?

 14:42 <slyon> Do we have anything else?

 14:42 <pushkarnk1> nothing from me

 14:42 <sarnold> nothing from me

 14:43 <slyon> Okay, let's keep it short.

 14:43 <slyon> 3 ..

 14:43 <sarnold> i'm sure we've got other tooling that needs a nudge, so non-pushkarnk1 folks maybe consider grabbing something? or dragoon other team members? :)

 14:43 <slyon> 2 ..

 14:44 <slyon> IIUC there is some capacity planned to improve tooling, but obviouly we cannot tackle all at once. let's see what they can come up with :)

 14:44 <slyon> 1 ..

 14:45 <slyon> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)