== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Ubuntu Technical Board meeting, started by rbasak, 14 Jan at 20:02 &mdash; 20:27 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2025/ubuntu-meeting.2025-01-14-20.02.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== Remembering Steve Langasek ===

Discussion started by rbasak at 20:03.

 * ''LINK:'' https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/remembering-and-thanking-steve-langasek/52665   (rbasak, 20:04)

=== Action review ===

Discussion started by rbasak at 20:08.

 * ''ACTION:'' amurray to look into scripting for packages in flavor-specific overlays  (rbasak, 20:09)
 * ''ACTION:'' seb128 to continue working with AA and Release teams to document their membership process and link to it from https://wiki.ubuntu.com/TechnicalBoard#Team_Delegations  (rbasak, 20:10)
 * ''ACTION:'' sil2100 to follow up on the Cinnamon 24.04 LTS Qualification to ensure the listed contacts can action the flavor  (rbasak, 20:13)

=== Scan the mailing list archive for anything we missed (standing item) ===

Discussion started by rbasak at 20:13.

 * No new ML activity that requires action  (rbasak, 20:15)

=== Check up on community bugs and techboard bugs ===

Discussion started by rbasak at 20:21.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu-community/+bugs?field.assignee=techboard   (rbasak, 20:21)
 * No new community bugs  (rbasak, 20:21)
 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/techboard   (rbasak, 20:21)
 * No new techboard bugs  (rbasak, 20:21)

=== Select a chair for the next meeting (next from https://launchpad.net/~techboard/+members) ===

Discussion started by rbasak at 20:22.

 * The next chair will be seb128 with amurray as backup  (rbasak, 20:22)

=== AOB ===

Discussion started by rbasak at 20:22.

 * ''ACTION:'' amurray and seb128 to engage with IS re Canonical leavers and ubuntu LP team memberships  (seb128, 20:23)



== Action items, by person ==

 * amurray
  * amurray to look into scripting for packages in flavor-specific overlays
  * amurray and seb128 to engage with IS re Canonical leavers and ubuntu LP team memberships
 * seb128
  * seb128 to continue working with AA and Release teams to document their membership process and link to it from https://wiki.ubuntu.com/TechnicalBoard#Team_Delegations
  * amurray and seb128 to engage with IS re Canonical leavers and ubuntu LP team memberships
 * **UNASSIGNED**
  * sil2100 to follow up on the Cinnamon 24.04 LTS Qualification to ensure the listed contacts can action the flavor



== People present (lines said) ==

 * rbasak (46)
 * seb128 (25)
 * amurray (10)
 * tsimonq2 (9)
 * meetingology (6)



== Full log ==


 20:02 <rbasak> #startmeeting Ubuntu Technical Board

 20:02 <meetingology> Meeting started at 20:02:16 UTC.  The chair is rbasak.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 20:02 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 20:03 <rbasak> #topic Remembering Steve Langasek

 20:03 <rbasak> I hope it's OK to insert this into here

 20:04 <amurray> of course

 20:04 <rbasak> It doesn't feel right to continue without mentioning who we've lost :-/

 20:04 <rbasak> I don't really have the words

 20:04 <rbasak> But he will be missed

 20:04 <rbasak> #link https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/remembering-and-thanking-steve-langasek/52665

 20:05 <seb128> indeed :-(((((

 20:06 <amurray> yeah, I wish I had more eloquent words - he was a giant whose shoulders we were all standing on

 20:08 <rbasak> Indeed

 20:08 <rbasak> OK. I guess all we can do is continue :-/

 20:08 <seb128> right...

 20:08 <rbasak> #topic Action review

 20:08 <amurray> yes

 20:08 * rbasak vorlon to look into scripting for packages in flavor-specific overlays

 20:08 <rbasak> Does anyone have context on that who can take over?

 20:09 <amurray> I recall it was to try and help the flavors better understand what packages were in what sets etc - but I can try and take it I guess

 20:09 <rbasak> Thanks!

 20:09 <tsimonq2> I was doing a bit of work on that front but got sidetracked. amurray feel free to tag me if you need anything.

 20:09 <seb128> I don't think that's an item we need to own btw

 20:09 <rbasak> #action amurray to look into scripting for packages in flavor-specific overlays

 20:09 * meetingology amurray to look into scripting for packages in flavor-specific overlays

 20:09 <rbasak> Thanks tsimonq2

 20:10 * rbasak seb128 to continue working with AA and Release teams to document their membership process and link to it from https://wiki.ubuntu.com/TechnicalBoard#Team_Delegations

 20:10 <amurray> thanks tsimonq2 - I will ping you next week when I am back in the office I reckon

 20:10 <seb128> I mean it would be a nice improvement but more of a wishlist than something we need to resolve

 20:10 <seb128> rbasak, carry over please

 20:10 <tsimonq2> amurray: Sounds good. :)

 20:10 <rbasak> #action seb128 to continue working with AA and Release teams to document their membership process and link to it from https://wiki.ubuntu.com/TechnicalBoard#Team_Delegations

 20:10 * meetingology seb128 to continue working with AA and Release teams to document their membership process and link to it from https://wiki.ubuntu.com/TechnicalBoard#Team_Delegations

 20:10 * rbasak sil2100 to follow up on the Cinnamon 24.04 LTS Qualification to ensure the listed contacts can action the flavor

 20:11 <rbasak> He isn't here, so I guess we carry this over for now? It might need to be taken over by the new TB, since to be fair those not standing again expected to have completed their terms by now

 20:11 <seb128> is that still making sense at this point?

 20:11 <rbasak> Good point

 20:11 <rbasak> It does sound like if there's a problem with contact points, then that should be addressed still, even if "qualification" is no longer relevant

 20:11 <rbasak> What do you think?

 20:12 <amurray> I agree - if we have concerns we should make sure there are actionable contacts otherwise if/when something goes wrong we don't want to have to be scrambling then

 20:12 <rbasak> FWIW, IMHO this should all be delegated to the release team, but vorlon disagreed. I intended but never got the chance to discuss further with him

 20:12 <seb128> I don't remember the specifics of the issue, but if there is a insufficient contact information yes I think that should be resolved still

 20:13 <tsimonq2> On this topic, it is worth noting that flavor qualifications were a subject of the flavor sync yesterday. Those notes should be out soon(ish) if you weren't able to attend.

 20:13 <rbasak> #action sil2100 to follow up on the Cinnamon 24.04 LTS Qualification to ensure the listed contacts can action the flavor

 20:13 * meetingology sil2100 to follow up on the Cinnamon 24.04 LTS Qualification to ensure the listed contacts can action the flavor

 20:13 <seb128> tsimonq2, thanks

 20:13 <rbasak> I'll leave it with sil2100 for now but with the expectation that it will probably need to go to the new TB when they are elected

 20:13 <rbasak> #topic Scan the mailing list archive for anything we missed (standing item)

 20:14 <rbasak> I don't see anything we need to discuss

 20:15 <rbasak> ilvipero invited us to a governance sync meeting but apart from attending I guess there's no further action?

 20:15 <rbasak> #info No new ML activity that requires action

 20:15 <tsimonq2> There's a Matrix channel, anyone from the TB is open to join. Mauro or Aaron might have the link if needed.

 20:15 <seb128> right, I tried to join but apparently the room was restricted and he didn't see my ping so I failed to attend

 20:16 <amurray> fwiw I'll try and see if I can attend the second session in a couple hours time

 20:16 <rbasak> Can we invite you in right now? What's your preferred Matrix ID? Your one on the ubuntu.com homeserver?

 20:17 <seb128> if the question is for me, yes please and @seb128:matrix.org according to element

 20:18 <seb128> I don't understand matrix enough to know on which server my ID is hosted

 20:18 <seb128> I guess from that string on matrix.org and not the ubuntu one?

 20:18 <tsimonq2> (Right.)

 20:20 <rbasak> OK looks like that's been requested from people who have permission but will need to wait for one of them to respond

 20:20 <rbasak> Or not? Anyway it's in progress so let's move on

 20:21 <rbasak> #topic Check up on community bugs and techboard bugs

 20:21 <rbasak> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu-community/+bugs?field.assignee=techboard

 20:21 <rbasak> #info No new community bugs

 20:21 <rbasak> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/techboard

 20:21 <rbasak> #info No new techboard bugs

 20:22 <rbasak> #topic Select a chair for the next meeting (next from https://launchpad.net/~techboard/+members)

 20:22 <rbasak> #info The next chair will be seb128 with amurray as backup

 20:22 <rbasak> #topic AOB

 20:22 <rbasak> AOB?

 20:22 <tsimonq2> As many of you know or work with Skia, I wanted to note from the DMB side that he received Ubuntu Contributing Developer Membership today. :) https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/devel-permissions/2025-January/002701.html

 20:22 <tsimonq2> EOF

 20:22 <seb128> nice one :)

 20:23 <seb128> AOB from me yes

 20:23 <seb128> quick ones

 20:23 <seb128> first, we lost that action item from the previous meeting

 20:23 <seb128> #action amurray and seb128 to engage with IS re Canonical leavers and ubuntu LP team memberships

 20:23 * meetingology amurray and seb128 to engage with IS re Canonical leavers and ubuntu LP team memberships

 20:23 <seb128> it's a carry over from my side, I didn't see anything from amurray either I think?

 20:23 <amurray> ah yeah sorry - carry over from me too

 20:23 <rbasak> Ah sorry, yes

 20:23 <rbasak> Thank you!

 20:24 <seb128> np

 20:24 <seb128> and the other one is election, I will nag the CC

 20:24 <seb128> my guess would be that it's blocked on Mark to review the candidates

 20:25 <amurray> that was my assumption

 20:25 <seb128> anyway, not much we can do but I wanted to still mention it and let you know that I will ping the CC in case that's of any use

 20:25 <seb128> and that was it from me

 20:25 <rbasak> Thanks seb128!

 20:25 <rbasak> AOAOB?

 20:26 <seb128> :)

 20:26 <amurray> nothing from me

 20:26 <tsimonq2> (Might want to bring that up in the governance sync, there was some chatter about it.)

 20:26 <tsimonq2> (in the morning session, that is)

 20:27 <seb128> ack

 20:27 <rbasak> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)