== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team meeting, started by juliank, 22 May at 15:02 &mdash; 15:25 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2025/ubuntu-meeting.2025-05-22-15.02.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning rounds ===

Discussion started by juliank at 15:02.

 * ''LINK:'' https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/foundations-team-updates-2025-05-22/61485   (juliank, 15:03)
 * ''LINK:'' https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/foundations-team-updates-2025-05-22/61485   (juliank, 15:03)

=== Release incoming bugs ===

Discussion started by juliank at 15:13.

 * ''LINK:'' http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/rls-mgr/rls-qq-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs   (juliank, 15:14)
 * ''LINK:'' http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/rls-mgr/rls-pp-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs   (juliank, 15:19)
 * ''LINK:'' http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/rls-mgr/rls-nn-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs   (juliank, 15:22)
 * ''LINK:'' http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/rls-mgr/rls-jj-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs   (juliank, 15:22)
 * ''LINK:'' http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/rls-mgr/rls-ff-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs   (juliank, 15:23)

=== Team proposed-migration report ===

Discussion started by juliank at 15:23.

 * ''LINK:'' https://ubuntu-archive-team.ubuntu.com/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs   (juliank, 15:23)

=== AOB ===

Discussion started by juliank at 15:23.




== People present (lines said) ==

 * juliank (25)
 * meetingology (2)
 * Skia (1)
 * r41k0u (1)
 * ravikant_ (1)
 * mkukri (1)
 * xypron (1)
 * mclemenceau (1)



== Full log ==


 15:02 <juliank> #startmeeting Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team

 15:02 <meetingology> Meeting started at 15:02:00 UTC.  The chair is juliank.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 15:02 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 15:02 <juliank> #topic Lightning rounds

 15:02 <Skia> o7

 15:02 <r41k0u> o/

 15:02 <juliank> We don't actually have a discourse post

 15:02 <ravikant_> o/

 15:03 <juliank> https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/foundations-team-updates-2025-05-22/61485

 15:03 <juliank> #link https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/foundations-team-updates-2025-05-22/61485

 15:03 <mkukri> o/

 15:10 <xypron> o/

 15:10 <mclemenceau> o/

 15:13 <juliank> #topic Release incoming bugs

 15:14 <juliank> #link http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/rls-mgr/rls-qq-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 15:14 <juliank> There's the gcc-14 hardening things

 15:14 <juliank> bug 2088289 and bug 2080267

 15:15 <juliank> I think we'll try to sort that out for gcc-15 eventually?

 15:15 <juliank> THe 2nd one is blocked basically on the gcc-15 switch

 15:16 <juliank> ah I misread

 15:16 <juliank> bug 2108968 is the one blocked :D

 15:19 <juliank> So moving those to -ss

 15:19 <juliank> #link http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/rls-mgr/rls-pp-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 15:20 <juliank> bug 2110891

 15:22 <juliank> #link http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/rls-mgr/rls-nn-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 15:22 <juliank> #link http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/rls-mgr/rls-jj-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 15:23 <juliank> #link http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/rls-mgr/rls-ff-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 15:23 <juliank> #topic Team proposed-migration report

 15:23 <juliank> #link https://ubuntu-archive-team.ubuntu.com/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs

 15:23 * juliank has to work on gnupg, nothing else really

 15:23 <juliank> #topic AOB

 15:24 <juliank> last chance

 15:25 <juliank> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)