== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 02 Feb at 16:02 &mdash; 16:22 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2017/ubuntu-meeting.2017-02-02-16.02.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning round ===
The discussion about "Lightning round" started at 16:02.

  * ''LINK:'' https://code.launchpad.net/~brian-murray/apport/sandbox-gdb/+merge/315619; 

=== AOB ===
The discussion about "AOB" started at 16:20.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * cyphermox (20)
 * slangasek (18)
 * sil2100 (14)
 * bdmurray (13)
 * infinity (11)
 * xnox (10)
 * chiluk (9)
 * barry (8)
 * tdaitx (8)
 * ubottu (7)
 * gaughen (6)
 * caribou (6)
 * robru (4)
 * meetingology (3)



== Full Log ==


 16:02 <slangasek> #startmeeting

 16:02 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Feb  2 16:02:23 2017 UTC.  The chair is slangasek. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:02 <meetingology> 

 16:02 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 16:02 <caribou> o/

 16:02 <slangasek> [TOPIC] Lightning round

 16:03 <slangasek> $ echo $(shuf -e barry doko bdmurray slangasek caribou infinity sil2100 robru cyphermox tdaitx xnox chiluk mwhudson)

 16:03 <slangasek> sil2100 infinity robru tdaitx caribou xnox bdmurray chiluk doko cyphermox mwhudson slangasek barry

 16:03 <barry> two weeks in a row!

 16:03 <cyphermox> his RNG is really bad.

 16:04 <sil2100> Wow

 16:04 <sil2100> I won?

 16:04 <infinity> Or lost.

 16:04 <sil2100> - Landing team work, silo coordination

 16:04 <sil2100> - SRU reviews

 16:04 <sil2100> - DMB meeting, discussing candidates

 16:04 <sil2100> - Working on updating the kubuntu packageset for zesty (duped)

 16:04 <sil2100> - ubuntu-image:

 16:04 <sil2100> * Playing with manual GUID changing, not satisfied with that

 16:04 <sil2100> * Working-around multiple cases of libparted being a smartass

 16:04 <sil2100> * Filling in bugs for pyparted issues

 16:04 <sil2100> * Testing the pyparted partitioning branch, working on tests

 16:04 <sil2100> - Discussions regarding Bileto snap support and OTA-15 work

 16:04 <sil2100> (done)

 16:04 <gaughen> o/

 16:04 <infinity> * Helping hunt down and land fixes for kernel issues with HWE kernel

 16:04 <infinity> * More back and forth with Timo on the X HWE stack

 16:04 <infinity> * More work on CD/livefs changes for 16.04.2

 16:04 <infinity> * Interviews with __redacted__ and __redacted__

 16:04 <infinity> * Misc #ubuntu-devel mentorship and such

 16:04 <infinity> * Misc AA and SRU work

 16:04 <infinity> (done)

 16:04 <robru> britney

 16:04 <robru> * piuparts disabling actually rolled out

 16:05 <robru> * several iterations towards britney emailing people about stuck packages

 16:05 <robru> (done)

 16:05 <tdaitx> = OpenJDK 7 Update

 16:05 <tdaitx> - Continued working on the security update backports

 16:05 <tdaitx> - Only 1 patch of 19 is missing, partially backported

 16:05 <tdaitx> - Besides the missing patch, the package builds fine

 16:05 <tdaitx> = Other

 16:05 <tdaitx> - Going to Brussels tomorrow, most probably offline in the afternoon

 16:05 <tdaitx> (done)

 16:05 <gaughen> safe travels tdaitx!

 16:06 <caribou> BugFix :

 16:06 <caribou> LP: #1638695

 16:06 <caribou> LP: #1654600

 16:06 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1638695 in python2.7 (Ubuntu) "Python 2.7.12 performance regression" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1638695

 16:06 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1654600 in unattended-upgrades (Ubuntu Yakkety) "unattended-upgrade-shutdown hangs when /var is a separate filesystem" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1654600

 16:06 <tdaitx> gaughen, thanks!

 16:06 <caribou> a few meetings

 16:06 <caribou> (done)

 16:07 <bdmurray> xnox: ?

 16:07 <xnox> 16.04.2 s390x testing (uploaded SRU to fix degraded boot by default)

 16:07 <xnox> z kvm patch list review for 17.04

 16:07 <xnox> docker.io adt tests (in progress, to catch non working docker on armhf/s390x)

 16:07 <xnox> run tests on lipfm4 (to resolve the final query for MIR)

 16:07 <xnox> new upstream release of s390-tools (including FTBFS fixes)

 16:07 <xnox> systemd SRU for deputy trusty (in progress)

 16:07 <xnox> appx repackaging cloud images automation (in progress)

 16:07 <xnox> have a bit of flu from last weeks skiing =/ getting better now

 16:07 <xnox> brussels for fosdem over the weekend.

 16:07 <xnox> ..

 16:07 <bdmurray> short week due to being out Monday

 16:07 <bdmurray> wrote unit tests for apport gdb sandbox branch

 16:07 <bdmurray> updated apport gdb sandbox branch after reviewer feedback

 16:07 <bdmurray> merged apport gdb sandbox branch to trunk

 16:07 <bdmurray> updated apport on Launchpad retracer (porter-i386)

 16:08 <bdmurray> research into RT re /tmp/apport_sandbox folders left over on prod retracers

 16:08 <bdmurray> investigation into apport test-crashes build failure for zesty

 16:08 <bdmurray> âœ” done

 16:08 <bdmurray> sent email to team regarding gdb issues

 16:08 <bdmurray> clean up of duplicates of bug LP: #1385817

 16:08 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1385817 in sysvinit (Ubuntu) "initscripts package fails to upgrade if there are local init scripts on the system with no LSB headers" [Medium,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1385817

 16:08 <bdmurray> interview work (prep, actually interview, review)

 16:08 <infinity> Doesn't "done" usually come at the end?

 16:08 <chiluk> yeah I was wondering

 16:08 <chiluk> anyhow

 16:08 <chiluk> * Core dev application moved to devel-permissions mailing list. cyphermox, infinity, bdmurray, sil2100 please see https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/devel-permissions/2017-January/001019.html

 16:08 <chiluk> * A little merging, and some bzr merge education from cyphermox.

 16:08 <chiluk> * Worked at freeing up qemu proposed queue for to allow room for lp:#1655225

 16:08 <chiluk> * Working to put together an acceptable patch for LP:#1650067

 16:08 <chiluk> * Working through bisect of LP:#1647389 every iteration takes a long time because the updates seem to break my cloud, juju resets my nova.conf, and testing needs to run for a long time.

 16:08 <chiluk> -done-

 16:09 <cyphermox> for what it will give you, that was all outdated ;)

 16:09 <sil2100> chiluk: yeah, will send a vote later today or tomorrow ;)

 16:09 <chiluk> i think we are all waiting for the fallout from rbasak's proposal.

 16:10 <cyphermox> no doko?

 16:10 <cyphermox> heh

 16:10 <gaughen> doko said he'd be a little late

 16:10 <cyphermox> - nplan release 0.17; some autopkgtest issues left to fix (GAH!)

 16:10 <cyphermox> - os-prober debugging (halp!)

 16:10 <cyphermox> - debugging LVM+crypto installs failing to boot (fallout from no /boot for LVM) (bug LP: #1659448)

 16:10 <cyphermox> - ubiquity upload for the above.

 16:10 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1659448 in ubiquity (Ubuntu Zesty) "grub fails to install bootloader for zesty LVM with Encryption" [Critical,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1659448

 16:10 <gaughen> so maybe try again later

 16:10 <cyphermox> - fixing open-iscsi autopkgtests finally.

 16:10 <cyphermox> - wpa 2.6 merge

 16:10 <cyphermox> - rebuilding devscripts for zesty

 16:10 <cyphermox> - DMB: packageset update/review, automating the process a bit

 16:10 <cyphermox> - discussed IPv6 support w/ stgraber (whether we support ipv6.disable=1)

 16:10 <cyphermox> (done)

 16:12 <cyphermox> infinity: just curious, what are the livefs/CD changes for 16.04.2; anything really special, or just the usual?

 16:12 <infinity> cyphermox: Pretty much the usual.

 16:12 <cyphermox> ah

 16:13 <barry> no mwhudson i guess.  slangasek?

 16:13 <slangasek> * doctors appointments and antibiotics

 16:13 <slangasek> * SRUs: snapd in trusty \o/, newer snapcraft everywhere, miscellaneous reviews

 16:13 <slangasek> * going deeper down the cpc cloud-image-mastering rabbit hole

 16:13 <slangasek> * planning for partner meetings

 16:13 <slangasek> * discussions on POWER roadmap for 16.04.3

 16:13 <slangasek> * interviews for team opening

 16:13 <slangasek> (done)

 16:14 <barry> u-i: LP: #1641727 (very close)

 16:14 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1641727 in Ubuntu Image "Support multiple volumes per gadget.yaml" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1641727

 16:14 <barry> debuntu: LP: #1647204; debian bug #852289 & passlib 1.7.1-1

 16:14 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1647204 in gpgme1.0 (Ubuntu) "1.8.0-2 FTBFS in zesty 17.04" [Undecided,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1647204

 16:14 <ubottu> Debian bug 852289 in src:python-passlib "python-passlib: please make the build reproducible (timestamps)" [Wishlist,Fixed] http://bugs.debian.org/852289

 16:14 <barry> misc: interviews; review

 16:14 <barry> https://code.launchpad.net/~brian-murray/apport/sandbox-gdb/+merge/315619;

 16:14 <barry> help caribou re: 2.7.6 v 2.7.12 perf regression on trusty

 16:14 <barry> --done--

 16:14 <gaughen> bdmurray, it's your fault Steve's on antibiotics

 16:14 <cyphermox> Steve is slangasick?

 16:14 <gaughen> bdmurray, you and your juanita chips

 16:15 <bdmurray> Its not my fault he's weak

 16:17 <slangasek> it's possible bdmurray was in the factory filing down the points of the chips

 16:18 <slangasek> any other questions?

 16:20 <slangasek> [TOPIC] AOB

 16:20 <slangasek> ok anything else? :)

 16:21 <cyphermox> anything fun for POWER coming up?

 16:21 <slangasek> there's a next generation of the architecture in the wings?

 16:21 <cyphermox> oh, just that.

 16:21 <infinity> Mmm, wings.

 16:21 <slangasek> but won't have much impact on us

 16:21 <cyphermox> ok

 16:22 <slangasek> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)