== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 13 Mar at 16:31 &mdash; 16:48 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2017/ubuntu-meeting.2017-03-13-16.31.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting 
=== Weekly stand-up report ===
The discussion about "Weekly stand-up report" started at 16:31.


=== Highlighted packages ===
The discussion about "Highlighted packages" started at 16:46.

  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/citadel.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/undertow.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/duck.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/lshell.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/libemail-address-perl.html 

=== Miscellaneous and Questions ===
The discussion about "Miscellaneous and Questions" started at 16:47.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * tyhicks (33)
 * chrisccoulson (7)
 * mdeslaur (5)
 * ratliff (5)
 * sbeattie (5)
 * jjohansen (4)
 * sarnold (3)
 * meetingology (3)



== Full Log ==


 16:31 <tyhicks> #startmeeting

 16:31 <meetingology> Meeting started Mon Mar 13 16:31:17 2017 UTC.  The chair is tyhicks. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:31 <meetingology> 

 16:31 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 16:31 <tyhicks> The meeting agenda can be found at:

 16:31 <tyhicks> [LINK] https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting

 16:31 <tyhicks> [TOPIC] Weekly stand-up report

 16:31 <tyhicks> mdeslaur: you're up

 16:31 <mdeslaur> I'm in the happy place this week

 16:32 <mdeslaur> I have a bunch of updates that I'll be publishing in a few minutes

 16:32 <mdeslaur> after that, I'll work on more updates

 16:32 <mdeslaur> lather, rinse, repeat

 16:32 <mdeslaur> sbeattie: you're up

 16:32 <sbeattie> I'm also in the happy place

 16:32 <sbeattie> I have glibc updates to finish testing and publish

 16:33 <sbeattie> I need to investigate some qa-r-t regressions/issues for the kernel team, around some of the new kernels they're publishing, as well as for arm64/trusty, which I don't think they'd been testing consistently in the past.

 16:33 <sbeattie> after that, I'll look for more updates to pick up.

 16:34 <sbeattie> that's it for me, tyhicks?

 16:34 <tyhicks> i'm on community this week

 16:34 <tyhicks> I'm also working on an embargoed issue

 16:35 <tyhicks> I am still trying to get back to my seccomp development work

 16:35 <tyhicks> that should happen early this week

 16:35 <tyhicks> and I see that I still have a design review on my todo list

 16:35 <tyhicks> that's it for me

 16:35 <tyhicks> jjohansen: you're up

 16:35 <tyhicks> ah, I also have a snapd PR to review

 16:37 <jjohansen> I'll be continuinng work on apparmor upstreaming, dconf/gsettings FFE, and fixing bugs eg. I still have to figure out the regression that resulted in a couple of patches being reverted from  the sru kernel

 16:38 <jjohansen> hrmm, I think that is it for me sarnold you're up

 16:38 <sarnold> I'm on bug triage this week; I'm still working on shadow and the mellon MIR; /me is dreaming of a bug-free week.. ;)

 16:38 <tyhicks> just a sec

 16:39 <tyhicks> jjohansen: what's still needed for the FFE?

 16:40 <jjohansen> tyhicks: mostly doing the paper work, putting the lastest stuff in the ppa for people to use

 16:40 <jjohansen> oh and I was adding a couple more regression tests

 16:40 <tyhicks> jjohansen: are there any more revisions for you to work on?

 16:40 <tyhicks> ok

 16:41 <tyhicks> sarnold: sorry; go ahead

 16:41 <sarnold> tyhicks: heh, afaik that's the entire report :)

 16:42 <tyhicks> no worries :)

 16:42 <sarnold> daylight saving time is a hell of a thing

 16:42 <tyhicks> chrisccoulson: you're up

 16:43 <chrisccoulson> Sorry, was afk briefly

 16:43 <chrisccoulson> I need to do a firefox update this week to fix a regression. I've also got thunderbird to update

 16:44 <chrisccoulson> There was a Chromium release next week, so I'll be preparing the corresponding Oxide release

 16:44 <chrisccoulson> I've also got an embargoed update

 16:45 <chrisccoulson> Fingers crossed I'll be able to get firefox building with rustc / cargo this week - all of the bits are in place now

 16:45 <chrisccoulson> Other than that, I'll be catching up on Oxide work / reviews this week

 16:45 <chrisccoulson> That's me done

 16:45 <ratliff> I'm on CVE triage this week

 16:45 <ratliff> I'm still poking at the notification script and other CVE tools

 16:46 <ratliff> I have to prep for a webinar and do other internal work items

 16:46 <ratliff> If I have additional time, I'll work on updates for vivid for core and touch

 16:46 <ratliff> back to you tyhicks

 16:46 <tyhicks> thanks

 16:46 <tyhicks> [TOPIC] Highlighted packages

 16:47 <tyhicks> The Ubuntu Security team will highlight some community-supported packages that might be good candidates for updating and or triaging. If you would like to help Ubuntu and not sure where to start, this is a great way to do so.

 16:47 <tyhicks> See https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/UpdateProcedures for details and if you have any questions, feel free to ask in #ubuntu-security. To find out other ways of helping out, please see https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/GettingInvolved.

 16:47 <tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/citadel.html

 16:47 <tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/undertow.html

 16:47 <tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/duck.html

 16:47 <tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/lshell.html

 16:47 <tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/libemail-address-perl.html

 16:47 <tyhicks> [TOPIC] Miscellaneous and Questions

 16:47 <tyhicks> Does anyone have any other questions or items to discuss?

 16:48 <tyhicks> mdeslaur, sbeattie, jjohansen, sarnold, ChrisCoulson, ratliff: Thanks!

 16:48 <tyhicks> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)