== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting: ubuntu-server-team, 04 Apr at 16:01 &mdash; 16:14 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2017/ubuntu-meeting.2017-04-04-16.01.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Review ACTION points from previous meeting ===
The discussion about "Review ACTION points from previous meeting" started at 16:02.


=== Zesty Development ===
The discussion about "Zesty Development" started at 16:04.

  * ''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ZestyZapus/ReleaseSchedule 
 * '''blueprints''' (16:05)
 * '''Release Bugs''' (16:06)
  * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-z-tracking-bug-tasks.html#ubuntu-server 

=== Server & Cloud Bugs & SRU/Pending Uploads (caribou) ===
The discussion about "Server & Cloud Bugs & SRU/Pending Uploads (caribou)" started at 16:06.

  * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-x-tracking-bug-tasks.html#ubuntu-server 
  * SRU pending for : qemu, sssd, ebtables, sosreport, nfs-utils, unattended-upgrades
  * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.debian.org/cgi-bin/bugreport.cgi?bug=797108 

=== Weekly Updates & Questions for the QA Team (powersj) ===
The discussion about "Weekly Updates & Questions for the QA Team (powersj)" started at 16:08.

  * ''LINK:'' https://jenkins.ubuntu.com/server/ 

=== Weekly Updates & Questions for the Kernel Team (smb, sforshee) ===
The discussion about "Weekly Updates & Questions for the Kernel Team (smb, sforshee)" started at 16:10.


=== Upcoming Call For Papers ===
The discussion about "Upcoming Call For Papers" started at 16:11.

  * ''LINK:'' https://lwn.net/Calendar/Monthly/cfp/ 

=== Ubuntu Server Team Events ===
The discussion about "Ubuntu Server Team Events" started at 16:11.


=== Open Discussion ===
The discussion about "Open Discussion" started at 16:13.


=== Announce next meeting date, time and chair ===
The discussion about "Announce next meeting date, time and chair" started at 16:14.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * gaughen (53)
 * jgrimm (10)
 * caribou (8)
 * nacc (7)
 * powersj (5)
 * cpaelzer (5)
 * meetingology (3)
 * smoser (2)
 * rbasak (1)
 * ubottu (1)



== Full Log ==


 16:01 <gaughen> #startmeeting ubuntu-server-team

 16:01 <meetingology> Meeting started Tue Apr  4 16:01:48 2017 UTC.  The chair is gaughen. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:01 <meetingology> 

 16:01 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 16:01 <smoser> o/

 16:02 <gaughen> #topic Review ACTION points from previous meeting

 16:02 <gaughen> there are several action points from last week

 16:02 * gaughen rbasak, powersj, cpaelzer to draft mysql triage response page like nginx has (carried over)

 16:02 * gaughen smoser to write a release notes entry on cloud-init (ds-identify)

 16:02 * gaughen nacc to write a release notes entry on ipv6 netboot

 16:02 * gaughen nacc to write a server guide entry on ipv6 netboot

 16:02 * gaughen rharper to write a server guide entry on v2 yaml support in cloud-init

 16:02 * gaughen rharper to write a release notes entry on v2 yaml support in cloud-init

 16:02 <gaughen> or some other week

 16:02 * nacc still working on the ipv6 entries

 16:02 <rbasak> mysql triage response page still outstanding; carry over please, sorry.

 16:02 <smoser> gaughen, you can re-action me.

 16:03 <cpaelzer> we worked on general triaging updates, but no on the mysql one

 16:03 <gaughen> so, none of them are ready to remove?

 16:03 <cpaelzer> once those general updates work well for 4 weeks we will get to annoucne them here

 16:03 <gaughen> okay, then you will all have the actions for next week

 16:03 <jgrimm> rharper is out today.  i know he has written v2 yaml support into the cloud-init docs, but not yet in the server/release notes.  please carry that action forward as well

 16:04 <gaughen> I'm leaving them all!

 16:04 <gaughen> moving on

 16:04 <gaughen> #topic Zesty Development

 16:04 <gaughen> #link https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ZestyZapus/ReleaseSchedule

 16:04 <gaughen> release is next week!

 16:04 <gaughen> final freeze is Thursday

 16:04 <gaughen> that's all I have on that

 16:05 <gaughen> #subtopic blueprints

 16:05 <gaughen> #https://blueprints.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+spec/servercloud-z-server-core

 16:05 <jgrimm> done

 16:05 <gaughen> I see lots of lovely dones

 16:05 <gaughen> some in progress

 16:05 <jgrimm> anything open has been moved forward to aa series blueprint

 16:05 <gaughen> moving on

 16:05 <gaughen> you rock jgrimm

 16:06 <jgrimm> i'll update the wiki with the new blueprint url

 16:06 <gaughen> #subtopic Release Bugs

 16:06 <gaughen> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-z-tracking-bug-tasks.html#ubuntu-server

 16:06 <jgrimm> nothing to spend time on there i can see

 16:06 <gaughen> #topic Server & Cloud Bugs & SRU/Pending Uploads (caribou)

 16:06 <gaughen> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-x-tracking-bug-tasks.html#ubuntu-server

 16:07 <gaughen> caribou?

 16:07 <caribou> yep,

 16:07 <caribou> SRUs looked over by STS :

 16:07 <caribou> #info SRU pending for : qemu, sssd, ebtables, sosreport, nfs-utils, unattended-upgrades

 16:07 <jgrimm> caribou anything new in that list?

 16:07 <cpaelzer> keepalived (x), qemu (X) completed for me, all others still up in the air

 16:07 <caribou> jgrimm: yes, unattended-upgrades which is one I'm working on

 16:08 <caribou> and I'd like to bring your attention on a debian bug I ran over on this one

 16:08 <caribou> https://bugs.debian.org/cgi-bin/bugreport.cgi?bug=797108

 16:08 <ubottu> Debian bug 797108 in init-system-helpers "init-system-helpers: deb-systemd-helper doesn't remove old links when changing WantedBy= at package upgrade" [Normal,Open]

 16:08 <caribou> just thought I'd mention it

 16:08 <caribou> that's all I have

 16:08 <gaughen> cool, thanks caribou

 16:08 <gaughen> #topic Weekly Updates & Questions for the QA Team (powersj)

 16:08 <gaughen> #link https://jenkins.ubuntu.com/server/

 16:09 <powersj> Last week worked on documenting current state of dep8 and other package level tests for server-team owned packages here: https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ServerTeam/dep8

 16:09 <powersj> Filed bugs for a number of bugs for packages that do not have any obvious testing when building. Not perfect in detecting all types of tests, but gives us an idea of possible areas to work on.

 16:09 <powersj> I also got a mongodb and tomcat7 merge approved. This week I need the tomcat8 merge looked at.

 16:09 <powersj> Also this week I want to finish a couple cloud-init merges for pylint clean up, get the manual CI launcher job ready, and start in on figuring out how to do auto-landing of git+launchpad jobs. Some curtin job triage as well.

 16:10 <powersj> questions? comments?

 16:10 <gaughen> thank you powersj

 16:10 <gaughen> #topic Weekly Updates & Questions for the Kernel Team (smb, sforshee)

 16:10 <gaughen> not sure we'll have kernel team today as they're sprinting

 16:10 <jgrimm> ah

 16:10 <gaughen> so I'll give it one more second and then I'm moving on

 16:11 <gaughen> #topic Upcoming Call For Papers

 16:11 <gaughen> #link https://lwn.net/Calendar/Monthly/cfp/

 16:11 <jgrimm> nada

 16:11 <gaughen> not sure there's anything worth noting

 16:11 <gaughen> moving o

 16:11 <gaughen> n

 16:11 <gaughen> #topic Ubuntu Server Team Events

 16:11 <jgrimm> nacc, bug squashing day

 16:11 <gaughen> oooh, an event!

 16:12 <nacc> yep, tomorrow

 16:12 <nacc> USBSD #2

 16:12 <gaughen> how did the first one go?

 16:12 <jgrimm> any prep or help needed?

 16:12 <nacc> gaughen: pretty well, mostly team members rather than community

 16:12 <nacc> gaughen: but sets a good precedent

 16:12 <gaughen> agreed

 16:12 <nacc> jgrimm: nothing right now, i'll send another reminder email today with link to the pad, etc

 16:13 <gaughen> awesome

 16:13 <cpaelzer> nacc: two of those community which I brought in still work on their bugs

 16:13 <cpaelzer> which is great

 16:13 <nacc> yes, cpaelzer had the most success :)

 16:13 * gaughen high fives cpaelzer

 16:13 <gaughen> okay, I'm moving on

 16:13 <gaughen> #topic Open Discussion

 16:14 <gaughen> #topic Announce next meeting date, time and chair

 16:14 <gaughen> next week - this time, this place - chair is jgrimm!

 16:14 <gaughen> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)