== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 30 Jan at 16:31 &mdash; 16:49 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2017/ubuntu-meeting.2017-01-30-16.31.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting 
=== Weekly stand-up report ===
The discussion about "Weekly stand-up report" started at 16:31.


=== Highlighted packages ===
The discussion about "Highlighted packages" started at 16:47.

  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/pen.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/inn.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/consolekit.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/vxl.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/lwipv6.html 

=== Miscellaneous and Questions ===
The discussion about "Miscellaneous and Questions" started at 16:47.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * tyhicks (27)
 * chrisccoulson (6)
 * jdstrand (6)
 * jjohansen (6)
 * ratliff (5)
 * sbeattie (5)
 * mdeslaur (4)
 * sarnold (3)
 * meetingology (3)
 * ubottu (1)



== Full Log ==


 16:31 <tyhicks> #startmeeting

 16:31 <meetingology> Meeting started Mon Jan 30 16:31:40 2017 UTC.  The chair is tyhicks. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:31 <meetingology> 

 16:31 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 16:31 <tyhicks> The meeting agenda can be found at:

 16:31 <tyhicks> [LINK] https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting

 16:31 <tyhicks> no announcements today

 16:31 <tyhicks> [TOPIC] Weekly stand-up report

 16:31 <tyhicks> jdstrand: you're up

 16:32 <jdstrand> hi!

 16:32 <jdstrand> short week this week (off firday)

 16:32 <jdstrand> mostly caught up on snappy reviews. After driving them to 0 by eod on Friday, now have 3 followup reviews that came in today

 16:32 <jdstrand> I plan to get back to seccomp arg filtering policy this week

 16:32 <jdstrand> I'll move the miscellaneous review tools updates card if I have time

 16:33 <jdstrand> that's it from me. mdeslaur, you're up

 16:33 <mdeslaur> I'm in the happy place

 16:33 <mdeslaur> currently working on openssl updates

 16:33 <mdeslaur> have a bunch of pending updates to test and publish

 16:33 <mdeslaur> that's it from me, sbeattie?

 16:33 <sbeattie> I'm on community this week.

 16:34 <sbeattie> I'll have kernel USNs to publish this week

 16:34 <sbeattie> I need to finish testing the openssh update I was working.

 16:35 <sbeattie> And then I'll poke at the list of outstanding issues

 16:35 <sbeattie> That's it for me. tyhicks?

 16:35 <tyhicks> I'm on bug triage this week

 16:35 <tyhicks> cve triage last week kept me from making much progress on work items

 16:36 <tyhicks> I need to submit my second revision of seccomp patches to lkml

 16:36 <tyhicks> workaround an apparmor utils bug that is keeping me from uploading apparmor 2.11 to zesty

 16:37 <tyhicks> I have 2 embargoed issues

 16:37 <tyhicks> that's it for me

 16:37 <tyhicks> jjohansen: you're up

 16:38 <jjohansen> I need to finish up with my end of the dconf work

 16:38 <jjohansen> I have some patches to send up to the kt

 16:39 <jjohansen> a reply to tetsuo to finish up and send out to lkml

 16:39 <jjohansen> and I really need to finish looking at casey's latest round of stacking patches

 16:40 <jjohansen> then if time more of the upstreaming work, plan is securityfs bits, that I didn't get to last week

 16:41 <jjohansen> thats it for me, sarnold you're up

 16:41 <sarnold> I'm on cve triage this week, working on MIRs in the remaining time

 16:42 <sarnold> I expect to finish the apache mellon module mir today or tomorrow depending upon how busy MITRE's been, so it would be nice to have a new top priority soon

 16:42 <sarnold> that's it for me, chrisccoulson?

 16:42 <chrisccoulson> I've got an oxide update to do this week, and I expect to have chromium to sponsor as well

 16:43 <chrisccoulson> Hopefully no other updates - thanks to a Firefox respin I ended up having to test that twice last week

 16:43 <tyhicks> :(

 16:43 <chrisccoulson> I've got a Firefox regression to fix, but that shouldn't take much time

 16:44 <chrisccoulson> Other than that, I'm finishing off tests for work I did in oxide last week, then I plan to move on to bug 1637195 which should mostly be a copy / paste job from webbrowser-app

 16:44 <ubottu> bug 1637195 in Oxide "Add JS dialogs to UbuntuWebView" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1637195

 16:45 <chrisccoulson> And I need to make some changes to my firefox menubar patch and send that upstream, although there's currently nobody assigned to review that anyway

 16:45 <chrisccoulson> That's me done

 16:45 <ratliff> I'm in the happy place this week

 16:45 <ratliff> I have a few more updates for Snappy 15.04 to process

 16:46 <ratliff> Then I will work some on the notification process

 16:46 <ratliff> that's it for me this week

 16:46 <ratliff> back to you tyhicks

 16:47 <tyhicks> thanks!

 16:47 <tyhicks> [TOPIC] Highlighted packages

 16:47 <tyhicks> The Ubuntu Security team will highlight some community-supported packages that might be good candidates for updating and or triaging. If you would like to help Ubuntu and not sure where to start, this is a great way to do so.

 16:47 <tyhicks> See https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/UpdateProcedures for details and if you have any questions, feel free to ask in #ubuntu-security. To find out other ways of helping out, please see https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/GettingInvolved.

 16:47 <tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/pen.html

 16:47 <tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/inn.html

 16:47 <tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/consolekit.html

 16:47 <tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/vxl.html

 16:47 <tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/lwipv6.html

 16:47 <tyhicks> [TOPIC] Miscellaneous and Questions

 16:47 <tyhicks> Does anyone have any other questions or items to discuss?

 16:49 <tyhicks> jdstrand, mdeslaur, sbeattie, jjohansen, sarnold, ChrisCoulson, ratliff: Thanks!

 16:49 <tyhicks> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)