== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 14 Dec at 16:00 &mdash; 16:32 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2017/ubuntu-meeting.2017-12-14-16.00.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning round ===
The discussion about "Lightning round" started at 16:00.


=== Bugs ===
The discussion about "Bugs" started at 16:11.

  * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-bb-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs 

=== AOB ===
The discussion about "AOB" started at 16:28.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * slangasek (49)
 * bdmurray (35)
 * sil2100 (15)
 * xnox (12)
 * doko (11)
 * Odd_Bloke (8)
 * ubottu (6)
 * fginther (6)
 * Tribaal (5)
 * philroche (3)
 * meetingology (3)



== Full Log ==


 16:00 <slangasek> #startmeeting

 16:00 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Dec 14 16:00:48 2017 UTC.  The chair is slangasek. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:00 <meetingology> 

 16:00 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 16:00 <slangasek> [TOPIC] Lightning round

 16:00 <slangasek> $ echo $(shuf -e slangasek bdmurray xnox tdaitx doko sil2100 rbalint infinity cyphermox mwhudson rcj philroche Odd_Bloke tribaal fginther)

 16:00 <slangasek> xnox sil2100 mwhudson philroche Odd_Bloke rcj cyphermox tribaal fginther rbalint doko slangasek bdmurray infinity tdaitx

 16:01 <slangasek> xnox: tag

 16:01 <sil2100> Oh no

 16:02 <slangasek> xnox: ?

 16:02 <xnox> no

 16:02 <xnox> * systemd updates / SRU

 16:02 <xnox> * openssl 1.1.0 rebuilds / analysis

 16:03 <xnox> * s390x bugs triange and fixing

 16:03 <xnox> * out last week; end of year at end of friday.

 16:03 <xnox> done

 16:03 <slangasek> sil2100: oh yes

 16:03 <xnox> something is odd - i'm first twice in a row, well - this week and two weeks ago.

 16:04 <xnox> slangasek, mumble?

 16:04 <sil2100> - Regular SRU reviews/releases

 16:04 <sil2100> - Kernel SRUs *again*!

 16:04 <sil2100> - Looking into Bileto breakage

 16:04 <sil2100> - ubuntu-image - Testing 1.3 for all stable series

 16:04 <sil2100> - Look and resolve NBS (some package removals done)

 16:04 <xnox> slangasek, https://hangouts.google.com/hangouts/_/canonical.com/mumblymumble

 16:04 <sil2100> - Do a pre-NEW review of opengcs

 16:04 <sil2100> - Look into merge-o-matic for the stats generation code (for KPIs)

 16:04 <sil2100> - Look into britney2 and its Bileto deployment

 16:04 <sil2100> - Syncing up on the hwe stack for 16.04.4

 16:04 <sil2100> - Some other stuff I didn't have time to write down oh no!

 16:04 <bdmurray> sil2100: done?

 16:05 <bdmurray> rbalint: your turn

 16:05 <sil2100> (done)

 16:05 <sil2100> (sorry)

 16:05 <philroche> * Cloud image build system vanguard

 16:05 <philroche> * Partner cloud image work

 16:05 <Odd_Bloke> bdmurray: Wrong order, dude.

 16:05 <philroche> (done)

 16:05 <Odd_Bloke> * (HIGHLIGHT) xenial GCE images now use the linux-gcp custom kernel

 16:05 <bdmurray> Odd_Bloke: oops

 16:05 <Odd_Bloke> * Fixed the issue with all trusty instances having the same machine id (LP: #1731279)

 16:05 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1731279 in cloud-images "Trusty instances get same machine-id" [Undecided,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1731279

 16:05 <Odd_Bloke> * A variety of work servicing partner requests

 16:05 <Odd_Bloke> (done)

 16:06 <Odd_Bloke> No rcj today

 16:06 <Odd_Bloke> cyphermox:

 16:06 <Odd_Bloke> bdmurray: Luckily noone listens to you.

 16:06 <bdmurray> Odd_Bloke: way to break the illusion

 16:06 <bdmurray> cyphermox is out today

 16:06 <bdmurray> Tribaal:

 16:07 <Tribaal> * Partner UEFI boot work

 16:07 <Tribaal> * Series/package release management work for a partner.

 16:07 <Tribaal> * Started SRU of "vagrant" user fix to Xenial (https://bugs.launchpad.net/cloud-images/+bug/1569237)

 16:07 <Tribaal> * [BLOG] Wrote a quick list of "magic URLs" I discovered over time. https://tribaal.io/magic-urls.html

 16:07 <Tribaal> (done)

 16:07 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1569237 in cloud-images x-series "vagrant xenial box is not provided with vagrant/vagrant username and password" [Undecided,Confirmed]

 16:07 <fginther> * Fixed issue with publication of certain HVM images on AWS

 16:07 <fginther> * Working on images changes to support additional boot options on a partner cloud

 16:07 <fginther> * Investigating image testing on a partner cloud

 16:07 <fginther> * Testing for latest gce-compute-image-packages

 16:07 <fginther> (done)

 16:07 <slangasek> rbalint:

 16:08 <slangasek> doko:

 16:08 <doko> - gcc-8 update

 16:08 <doko> - update graphviz to new upstream and port Python3 patches from the trunk

 16:08 <doko> - mentor Lucasz with several archive-admin tasks

 16:08 <doko> - MIR processing

 16:08 <doko> - split out some modules to minimize the size of python3

 16:08 <doko> - send emails about Python2 and GTK2 demotions

 16:08 <doko> - toolchain updates

 16:08 <doko> - libical transition, demoting libical2

 16:08 <doko> (done)

 16:09 <slangasek> * was out last Thursday

 16:09 <slangasek> * autopkgtest infra management:

 16:09 <slangasek> * arm64 was a bit on the floor again over the weekend

 16:09 <slangasek> * things are stable now, and arm64 is catching back up

 16:09 <slangasek> * where catching back up now means we have 1800 packages in the queue for *all* archs

 16:09 <slangasek> * discussions around snap supportability

 16:09 <slangasek> * did some merges, included busybox

 16:09 <slangasek> * then triaged a regression in busybox from the last security update, LP: #1737662

 16:09 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1737662 in busybox (Ubuntu) "Unable to install ubuntu1804 build with Debootstrap warning on witherspoon system" [Undecided,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1737662

 16:09 <slangasek> * upcoming: last work day of the year for me is next Tuesday

 16:10 <slangasek> (done)

 16:10 <slangasek> bdmurray:

 16:10 <bdmurray> modified mojo spec to utilize right swift credentials

 16:10 <bdmurray> modified mojo spec to use version numbers with code tarballs

 16:10 <bdmurray> modified mojo spec not to upload code if the same revno is already there

 16:10 <bdmurray> added missing relation btwn failed-queue retracers and cassandra

 16:10 <bdmurray> modified daisy, errors, retracer charms to handle version numbers

 16:10 <bdmurray> added code revnos to the charm manifests, hooks

 16:10 <bdmurray> landed and tested the ability to upgrade the code for the charms

 16:10 <bdmurray> investigation into growth of retracer queues

 16:10 <bdmurray> submitted RT 107932 regarding increasing memory on retracers

 16:10 <bdmurray> âœ” done

 16:10 <bdmurray> infinity is out

 16:10 <bdmurray> tdaitx: ?

 16:10 <slangasek> tdaitx is out

 16:11 <slangasek> any questions on status?

 16:11 <slangasek> bdmurray: should we look at bugs?

 16:11 <bdmurray> Well there's one I wanted to talk about

 16:11 <slangasek> [TOPIC] Bugs

 16:12 <bdmurray> bug 1574670 is assigned to adam because we wanted to fix it in the archive right?

 16:12 <ubottu> bug 1574670 in update-manager (Ubuntu Artful) "ubuntu-support-status returns inaccurate information" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1574670

 16:12 <bdmurray> I ask as mdeslaur has submitted some patches for update-manager to resolve it

 16:13 <slangasek> bdmurray: yes, primarily

 16:13 <bdmurray> They seem fine but should we be heading that way.

 16:13 <slangasek> however the original plan was "republish the 16.04 release pocket shortly after release"

 16:13 <slangasek> which is no longer an option, really

 16:14 <slangasek> at this point, the other part of this needs to be an audit of support info generated for bionic

 16:14 <xnox> how big is the impact, and should we sru the X affected packages as rebuild such that they have the right info?

 16:14 <xnox> or sru ubuntu-support-status with "overrides"

 16:14 <slangasek> xnox: the first is not really viable

 16:14 <xnox> ack

 16:15 <slangasek> bdmurray: so, +1 for fixing this via u-s-s

 16:15 <bdmurray> slangasek: okay, and then a card for the bionic work?

 16:15 <slangasek> bdmurray: yes - would you mind creating that?

 16:16 <bdmurray> slangasek: No, I don't mind.

 16:16 <slangasek> ok :)

 16:16 <slangasek> [LINK] http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-bb-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 16:16 <bdmurray> also bug 1737445 seems rather important but I haven't tested it yet

 16:16 <ubottu> bug 1737445 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu) "release upgrader doesn't re-enable updates after failure" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1737445

 16:16 <bdmurray> s/rather/really/

 16:17 <slangasek> bdmurray: ok. I'll bump importance and accept that nomination?

 16:17 <bdmurray> slangasek: Sure - I'll test it today to get a confirmation.

 16:18 <slangasek> bug state fiddled.  do I have to manually import that to trello?

 16:18 <bdmurray> fginther: has the autoimporter been enabled?

 16:19 <bdmurray> slangasek: I believe so

 16:20 <fginther> no, importing these is not yet available

 16:20 <slangasek> ok, importing now

 16:21 <bdmurray> bug 1732447 seems easy to SRU right?

 16:21 <ubottu> bug 1732447 in command-not-found (Ubuntu) "rename no longer included in perl package, but still linked" [Medium,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1732447

 16:23 <slangasek> yeah

 16:24 <bdmurray> Is the process for updating c-n-f documented somewhere?

 16:24 <slangasek> I think it's documented in the source branch

 16:24 <bdmurray> that seems like a good spot

 16:24 <slangasek> if not, then perhaps the release checklist has a pointer?

 16:25 <bdmurray> okay, I'll have a look

 16:25 <bdmurray> that's it from me.

 16:25 <slangasek> ok

 16:25 <slangasek> anything else on bugs?

 16:27 <slangasek> no?

 16:27 <sil2100> I think we're good

 16:28 <slangasek> [TOPIC] AOB

 16:28 <slangasek> anything else?

 16:28 <bdmurray> I'm out on Monday

 16:28 <sil2100> I'm out next week starting Wednesday

 16:29 <doko> will there anybody between Xmas and New Year who I can ping about failed buildds? planning for the test rebuilds ...

 16:30 <slangasek> about failed buildds?  no idea

 16:30 <slangasek> I guess there'll be IS folks on standby?

 16:31 <doko> ok, IS then

 16:32 <slangasek> alrighty

 16:32 <slangasek> since I won't be at any meeting next week, have a good end of year, all!

 16:32 <slangasek> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)