== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 13 Feb at 16:31 &mdash; 16:49 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2017/ubuntu-meeting.2017-02-13-16.31.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting 
=== Announcements ===
The discussion about "Announcements" started at 16:32.


=== Weekly stand-up report ===
The discussion about "Weekly stand-up report" started at 16:32.


=== Highlighted packages ===
The discussion about "Highlighted packages" started at 16:47.

  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/pinpoint.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/gcc-4.9.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/libcsoap.html 

=== Miscellaneous and Questions ===
The discussion about "Miscellaneous and Questions" started at 16:47.

  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/gpw.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/libxml-security-java.html 



== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * tyhicks (39)
 * jdstrand (8)
 * chrisccoulson (7)
 * sarnold (6)
 * jjohansen (6)
 * mdeslaur (5)
 * ubottu (5)
 * ratliff (3)
 * meetingology (3)
 * slashd (1)



== Full Log ==


 16:31 <tyhicks> #startmeeting

 16:31 <meetingology> Meeting started Mon Feb 13 16:31:57 2017 UTC.  The chair is tyhicks. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:31 <meetingology> 

 16:31 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 16:32 <slashd> thanks rbasak for leading the discussion about the sru-upload, we appreciated it

 16:32 <tyhicks> The meeting agenda can be found at:

 16:32 <tyhicks> [LINK] https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting

 16:32 <tyhicks> [TOPIC] Announcements

 16:32 <tyhicks> James Page (jamespage) provided a debdiff for xenial for nova-lxd (LP: #1656847)

 16:32 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1656847 in nova-lxd (Ubuntu Zesty) "neutron security group rules not applied to nova-lxd containers" [High,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1656847

 16:32 <tyhicks> Jeremy Bicha (jbicha) provided debdiffs for yakkety for bubblewrap and flatpak (LP: #1657357)

 16:32 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1657357 in flatpak (Ubuntu) "bubblewrap escape via TIOCSTI ioctl" [Medium,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1657357

 16:32 <tyhicks> Jeremy Bicha (jbicha) worked to remove jasper from zesty (LP: #1612835)

 16:32 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1612835 in kopete (Ubuntu) "Please remove jasper from Zesty" [High,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1612835

 16:32 <tyhicks> Thank you for your assistance in keeping Ubuntu users secure! :)

 16:32 <tyhicks> [TOPIC] Weekly stand-up report

 16:32 <tyhicks> jdstrand: you're up

 16:33 <jdstrand> hi!

 16:33 <jdstrand> last week my dev work got preempted by lots and lots of reviews (store, documentation, Personal and other snapd PRs, snap-confine PRs) and helping with the snap-confine system vs core snap out-of-syncness issue on classic

 16:33 <jdstrand> today, I'm catching up on store reviews, various mailing list and bug discussions from friday/weekend

 16:33 <jdstrand> this week, I plan to continue with various PR and design reviews/discussions as I'm assigned to them. I know I already need to look at the gsettings patches, console access, 'notion of trust' in snappy, misc snap-confine PRs and lots of Personal PRs (unity8 policy, thumbnailer, media-hub, et al)

 16:33 <jdstrand> assuming I can get to my non-review assigned dev work after, I plan to work on the next batch of miscellaneous policy updates and continue with more seccomp arg filtering policy

 16:34 <jdstrand> (quite a bit of the seccomp arg filtering policy I pushed up landed already)

 16:34 <jdstrand> that's it from me

 16:34 <jdstrand> mdeslaur: you're up

 16:35 <mdeslaur> I'm on triage this week

 16:35 <mdeslaur> I was about to publish a webkit2gtk update, but the new version has a regression

 16:35 <mdeslaur> I'm still working on php5 updates, should be publishing that this week

 16:35 <mdeslaur> after that, I'll be going down the list, as usual

 16:35 <mdeslaur> sbeattie: you're up

 16:39 <tyhicks> I'll go and we can circle back

 16:39 <tyhicks> I'm in the happy place this week

 16:39 <tyhicks> finish testing and submit seccomp logging kernel patchset v3

 16:39 <tyhicks> check on AppArmor Zesty upload (blocked by a perl upload)

 16:39 <tyhicks> assist in landing the dconf/gsettings mediation

 16:40 <tyhicks> tcpdump updates (bug #1662177)

 16:40 <ubottu> bug 1662177 in tcpdump (Ubuntu) "tcpdump multiple CVEs" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1662177

 16:40 <tyhicks> that's it for me

 16:40 <tyhicks> jjohansen: you're up

 16:40 <tyhicks> oh, short week for me

 16:40 <tyhicks> I'm out tomorrow

 16:41 <jjohansen> I'm finishing up the apparmor policy notification interface, and making any other revisions to the dconf work that might pop up

 16:41 <jjohansen> once that is done I'll be back to upstreaming work, the next merge window is coming all too fast

 16:42 <jjohansen> oh hrmm and it goes with out saying that revising the dconf/gsettings work is part of landing it

 16:42 <jjohansen> which I'll be helping with

 16:43 <tyhicks> I think that'll be a full week

 16:43 <jjohansen> yep

 16:43 <tyhicks> I haven't seen sarnold yet

 16:43 <tyhicks> he's working on MIRs

 16:43 <tyhicks> chrisccoulson: you're up

 16:43 <jjohansen> yeah, I was just checking

 16:43 <sarnold> (here)

 16:43 <tyhicks> oh, go ahead

 16:44 <chrisccoulson> This week, I'll be spending some more time getting rustc working everywhere

 16:44 <sarnold> I'm community this week

 16:44 <sarnold> whatever's not spent on community tasks will be MIRs :)

 16:44 <chrisccoulson> Mozilla just bumped the minimum rustc version required to build firefox to 1.15.1, which is newer than we have in zesty, which is totally awesome

 16:44 <chrisccoulson> oh

 16:44 <sarnold> ow

 16:44 <tyhicks> :(

 16:44 <chrisccoulson> sarnold, carry on :)

 16:45 <sarnold> I'm done :/

 16:45 <chrisccoulson> ah, cool

 16:45 <sarnold> because waiting a dozen hours for a toolchain before starting work on the browser sounds like such fun :(

 16:45 <chrisccoulson> so, other than that, I'll be finishing off bug 1638852, and then a few other cleanups required to make the new UITK webview stable

 16:45 <ubottu> bug 1638852 in Oxide "Add touch selection handles and quick menu to UbuntuWebView" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1638852

 16:45 <chrisccoulson> That's me done

 16:45 <ratliff> I'm on bug triage this week.

 16:46 <ratliff> I am working on updates for core and touch otherwise

 16:46 <ratliff> sbeattie: around? if not, back to you tyhicks

 16:47 <tyhicks> lets move on

 16:47 <tyhicks> [TOPIC] Highlighted packages

 16:47 <tyhicks> The Ubuntu Security team will highlight some community-supported packages that might be good candidates for updating and or triaging. If you would like to help Ubuntu and not sure where to start, this is a great way to do so.

 16:47 <tyhicks> See https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/UpdateProcedures for details and if you have any questions, feel free to ask in #ubuntu-security. To find out other ways of helping out, please see https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/GettingInvolved.

 16:47 <tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/pinpoint.html

 16:47 <tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/gcc-4.9.html

 16:47 <tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/libcsoap.html

 16:47 <tyhicks> [TOPIC] Miscellaneous and Questions

 16:47 <tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/gpw.html

 16:47 <tyhicks> Does anyone have any other questions or items to discuss?

 16:47 <tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/libxml-security-java.html

 16:49 <tyhicks> jdstrand, mdeslaur, sbeattie, jjohansen, sarnold, ChrisCoulson, ratliff: Thanks!

 16:49 <tyhicks> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)