== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting: ubuntu-server-team, 25 Apr at 16:01 &mdash; 16:44 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2017/ubuntu-meeting.2017-04-25-16.01.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Review ACTION points from previous meeting ===
The discussion about "Review ACTION points from previous meeting" started at 16:01.

  * ''ACTION:'' rbasak, powersj, cpaelzer to draft mysql triage response page like nginx has (carried over)
  * smoser completed release note entry for cloud-init
  * ''ACTION:'' nacc to write a release notes entry on ipv6 netboot
  * ''ACTION:'' nacc to write a server guide entry on ipv6 netboot
  * ''ACTION:'' rharper to write a server guide entry on v2 yaml support in cloud-init
  * ''ACTION:'' rharper to write a release notes entry on v2 yaml support in cloud-init
  * ''ACTION:'' powersj to update copy and paste commands for IRC meeting to say artful

=== Zesty Development ===
The discussion about "Zesty Development" started at 16:05.


=== Artful Development ===
The discussion about "Artful Development" started at 16:06.

  * ''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ArtfulAardvark/ReleaseSchedule 
  * nacc: importer running for merges, will take day or two
 * '''blueprints''' (16:12)
  * ''LINK:'' https://blueprints.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+spec/servercloud-aa-server-core 
  * cpaelzer nacc rbasak need to coordinate merges via blueprint
  * rbasak nacc cpaelzer will look into using blueprints more effectively
 * '''Release Bugs''' (16:19)
  * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-z-tracking-bug-tasks.html#ubuntu-server 
  * ''ACTION:'' powersj to find out who owns bug tracking site, get artful link
  * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/ebtables/+bug/1645324 is in the list
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/package-team-mapping.json 

=== Server & Cloud Bugs & SRU/Pending Uploads (slashd) ===
The discussion about "Server & Cloud Bugs & SRU/Pending Uploads (slashd)" started at 16:24.

  * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-x-tracking-bug-tasks.html#ubuntu-server 
  * SRU pending for : sssd, nfs-utils, qemu, ebtables, unattended-upgrades, sosreport
  * SRU pending for: sssd, nfs-utils, qemu, ebtables, unattended-upgrades, sosreport
  * further SRU pending openssh (X, Y), sssd (T), qemu (Xx2), libvirt (X,Y,Z)

=== Weekly Updates & Questions for the QA Team (powersj) ===
The discussion about "Weekly Updates & Questions for the QA Team (powersj)" started at 16:28.

  * ''LINK:'' https://jenkins.ubuntu.com/server/ 
  * powersj to get automated ISO tests running again
  * won't break curtin vmtest again

=== Weekly Updates & Questions for the Kernel Team (smb, sforshee) ===
The discussion about "Weekly Updates & Questions for the Kernel Team (smb, sforshee)" started at 16:31.

  * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/byobu/+bug/1685338 
  * ''LINK:'' https://askubuntu.com/questions/2793/how-do-i-remove-old-kernel-versions-to-clean-up-the-boot-menu 
  * ''LINK:'' http://blog.dustinkirkland.com/2016/06/purge-old-kernels.html 
  * ''ACTION:'' dpb1 to talk to kirkland re: old kernels

=== Upcoming Call For Papers ===
The discussion about "Upcoming Call For Papers" started at 16:40.

  * ''LINK:'' https://lwn.net/Calendar/Monthly/cfp/ 

=== Ubuntu Server Team Events ===
The discussion about "Ubuntu Server Team Events" started at 16:42.

  * Bug squashing day 3 tomorrow!
  * ''LINK:'' https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-server/2017-April/007524.html 

=== Open Discussion ===
The discussion about "Open Discussion" started at 16:43.


=== Announce next meeting date, time and chair ===
The discussion about "Announce next meeting date, time and chair" started at 16:44.




== Vote results ==




== Action items, by person ==

 * cpaelzer
  * rbasak, powersj, cpaelzer to draft mysql triage response page like nginx has (carried over)
 * dpb1
  * dpb1 to talk to kirkland re: old kernels
 * nacc
  * nacc to write a release notes entry on ipv6 netboot
  * nacc to write a server guide entry on ipv6 netboot
 * powersj
  * rbasak, powersj, cpaelzer to draft mysql triage response page like nginx has (carried over)
  * powersj to update copy and paste commands for IRC meeting to say artful
  * powersj to find out who owns bug tracking site, get artful link
 * rbasak
  * rbasak, powersj, cpaelzer to draft mysql triage response page like nginx has (carried over)
 * rharper
  * rharper to write a server guide entry on v2 yaml support in cloud-init
  * rharper to write a release notes entry on v2 yaml support in cloud-init



== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * powersj (86)
 * nacc (52)
 * slashd (49)
 * dpb1 (41)
 * cpaelzer (40)
 * rbasak (19)
 * rharper (18)
 * smoser (17)
 * ubottu (17)
 * ahasenack (14)
 * meetingology (11)
 * smb (5)



== Full Log ==


 16:01 <powersj> #startmeeting ubuntu-server-team

 16:01 <meetingology> Meeting started Tue Apr 25 16:01:19 2017 UTC.  The chair is powersj. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:01 <meetingology> 

 16:01 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 16:01 <powersj> #topic Review ACTION points from previous meeting

 16:01 <powersj> rbasak, powersj, cpaelzer to draft mysql triage response page like nginx has (carried over)

 16:01 <powersj> Continue to carry over?

 16:02 <cpaelzer> carry further

 16:02 <powersj> #action rbasak, powersj, cpaelzer to draft mysql triage response page like nginx has (carried over)

 16:02 * meetingology rbasak, powersj, cpaelzer to draft mysql triage response page like nginx has (carried over)

 16:02 <cpaelzer> I actually wanted to write yesterday, but the page is in lockdown

 16:02 <powersj> smoser to write a release notes entry on cloud-init (ds-identify)

 16:02 <cpaelzer> several relogings didn't fix it

 16:02 <nacc> o/ sorry

 16:02 <powersj> #info smoser completed release note entry for cloud-init

 16:02 <powersj> nacc to write a release notes entry on ipv6 netboot

 16:03 <nacc> powersj: carry forward :/

 16:03 <powersj> ok :)

 16:03 <powersj> #action nacc to write a release notes entry on ipv6 netboot

 16:03 * meetingology nacc to write a release notes entry on ipv6 netboot

 16:03 <powersj> nacc to write a server guide entry on ipv6 netboot

 16:03 <dpb1> o/

 16:03 <rbasak> cpaelzer: perhaps follow up with IS if it remains stuck?

 16:03 <nacc> powersj: same

 16:04 <powersj> #action nacc to write a server guide entry on ipv6 netboot

 16:04 * meetingology nacc to write a server guide entry on ipv6 netboot

 16:04 <powersj> rharper to write a server guide entry on v2 yaml support in cloud-init

 16:04 <cpaelzer> rbasak: is wiki handled via IS - yes if it is still stuck next time I come there I'll do so

 16:04 <rharper> powersj: carry

 16:04 <powersj> #action rharper to write a server guide entry on v2 yaml support in cloud-init

 16:04 * meetingology rharper to write a server guide entry on v2 yaml support in cloud-init

 16:04 <powersj> rharper to write a release notes entry on v2 yaml support in cloud-init

 16:04 <powersj> same?

 16:04 <rharper> same

 16:04 <powersj> #action rharper to write a release notes entry on v2 yaml support in cloud-init

 16:04 * meetingology rharper to write a release notes entry on v2 yaml support in cloud-init

 16:04 <powersj> #action powersj to update copy and paste commands for IRC meeting to say artful

 16:04 * meetingology powersj to update copy and paste commands for IRC meeting to say artful

 16:04 <powersj> I'm taking that one ^

 16:05 <rharper> when I fix up my network-doc branch and it lands in cloud-init, I can point to the ReadTheDocs entry

 16:05 <powersj> anything else?

 16:05 <rbasak> cpaelzer: yes - managed by IS

 16:05 <powersj> #topic Zesty Development

 16:05 <powersj> One last time... anything for zesty?

 16:05 <rharper> powersj: there was a request to update the paste commands for SRU members, I did that last week

 16:05 <powersj> rharper: thx

 16:06 <powersj> closing out zesty in 3...2.... 1...

 16:06 <powersj> #topic Artful Development

 16:06 <powersj> #link https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ArtfulAardvark/ReleaseSchedule

 16:06 <nacc> importer should be running for the merges -- i think i'm going to do a server all run later today (it will take a day or two, i expect)

 16:07 <powersj> #info nacc: importer running for merges, will take day or two

 16:07 <cpaelzer> we should identify any merges that we intentionally want to do late to pick the next versiosn

 16:07 <dpb1> how long does it take end to end?

 16:07 <cpaelzer> I'm currently in touch with HW manufacturers to clairfy on qmeu/libvirt

 16:07 <nacc> dpb1: how long does the importer take?

 16:07 <dpb1> yes

 16:07 <cpaelzer> but if others have similar constraints we can make them clear on our "merge schedule"

 16:08 <nacc> dpb1: not predictable -- i think smoser ran it last in this way?

 16:08 <smoser> man

 16:08 <nacc> dpb1: i would guess several days to import the entire history for 850 or so packages

 16:08 <nacc> although we've imported 300+ already

 16:08 <dpb1> ok, if we don't know its fine, just curious.

 16:08 <nacc> so maybe less now

 16:08 <dpb1> k

 16:08 <nacc> dpb1: speed hasn't been a priority :)

 16:08 <dpb1> :)

 16:09 <ahasenack> was it run for zesty in the same way?

 16:09 <nacc> ahasenack: no

 16:09 <nacc> ahasenack: for zesty it was done by hand when someone asked for a srckpkg to be imported

 16:09 <nacc> by myself, rbasak or smoser

 16:09 <dpb1> brave new world!

 16:10 <nacc> yeah

 16:10 <rbasak> I noticed one bit that's slow that I have code to speed up, FWIW.

 16:10 <rbasak> Just not had a need to address it yet.

 16:10 <nacc> rbasak: excellent, yeah, i was going to file a bug to do some profiling etc

 16:10 <nacc> similar to what smoser had done before and looking at the @lru_cache stuff

 16:10 <dpb1> nacc: I suspect the second run of it would be faster?

 16:11 <nacc> dpb1: once we run the 'full import' of the archive (or our subset), subsequent runs will only pick up what is new

 16:11 <dpb1> k

 16:11 <powersj> do we need an action for cpaelzer to figure timeline of merges? any other merge work needing action items?

 16:11 <nacc> and that is what the cron job does basically

 16:11 <nacc> powersj: i don't think we need an explicit action

 16:12 <powersj> ok :)

 16:12 <nacc> powersj: but we probably do need to coordinate, etc.

 16:12 <nacc> dpb1: we used to to do that via the blueprint

 16:12 <nacc> and you can see the list of merges from z in that bp

 16:12 <powersj> #subtopic blueprints

 16:12 <nacc> so we might want to, at first, at least copy all those smae srcpkgs, unassigned to aa

 16:12 <powersj> #link https://blueprints.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+spec/servercloud-aa-server-core

 16:12 <cpaelzer> powersj: no action needed atm, but I'd say we need to coordinate the release in general

 16:13 <powersj> #info cpaelzer nacc rbasak need to coordinate merges via blueprint

 16:13 <cpaelzer> I'm not set on blueprint, gdoc, ... (millions of options) but some sort of who-does-what-when is needed

 16:13 <nacc> powersj: thanks

 16:13 <cpaelzer> thanks powersj

 16:13 <dpb1> nacc: thoughts on using a board like trello instead of a blueprint?  we can still create a blueprint and link to it.

 16:13 <smoser> dpb1 likes trello

 16:13 <dpb1> s/nacc//

 16:13 <cpaelzer> I actually thought just that dpb1 when I saw the curtin board

 16:14 <cpaelzer> dpb1: you said those are public-read but write onyl to us right?

 16:14 <dpb1> it can be public, we can assign owners, invite other people

 16:14 <dpb1> yes

 16:14 <nacc> as long as it's public, i don't particularly care

 16:14 <cpaelzer> I used that for DPDK, I think it would be nice for many things except bug linking

 16:14 <cpaelzer> or is that improved now?

 16:14 <nacc> the blueprint sort of sucks

 16:14 * dpb1 volunteers for action to create a skeleton

 16:14 <rbasak> Is there anything specific that trello will solve for us over blueprints?

 16:14 <nacc> as it doesn't gate itself

 16:14 <smoser> I do think we need to be careful on this. Ubuntu development takes place on Ubuntu.

 16:14 <rbasak> I understand how much better trello could be - just wondering how it applies to our specific case.

 16:14 <nacc> so we can both edit at the same time and things get lost

 16:15 <nacc> smoser: +1

 16:15 <dpb1> rbasak: saving my eyes is first on the list.

 16:15 * nacc would also be fine with a text file :)

 16:15 <cpaelzer> turning away from LP is a bad thing more from the mood it represents than technically

 16:15 <dpb1> rbasak: but it's not a hard line for me.

 16:15 <smoser> and moving Ubuntu server development (or portions there-of) off launchpad makes that inconsistent with other Ubuntu developement.

 16:15 <smoser> we're part of a larger thing here and consistency matters.

 16:15 <rbasak> If we did blueprints properly, the status page would give us useful reporting.

 16:16 <dpb1> are blueprints rotted or is it just ours?

 16:16 <cpaelzer> rbasak: maybe we should do one properly, what did we miss last time to do so?

 16:16 <dpb1> do any other groups use them?

 16:16 * cpaelzer <- no blueprint expert at all

 16:16 <rbasak> cpaelzer: I think there are some pieces to set on the blueprint and then it appears properly on status.qa.ubuntu.com or wherever it was.

 16:16 <cpaelzer> could we group items for months planned or any other timeline association?

 16:17 <rharper> cpaelzer: ack;

 16:17 <cpaelzer> so we see early when things slip?

 16:17 <rbasak> blueprints can do milestones, yes.

 16:17 <rbasak> And I believe status reports on that.

 16:17 <rharper> dpb1: we've certainly used blueprints for server;  but it's mostly been a  task tracker (todo, inprogress, done) and less of a planner w.r.t when we expect it to complete (17.05, 17.06, etc)

 16:17 <rharper> I think it's mostly matter of JFDI

 16:18 <cpaelzer> which translates to who volunteers

 16:18 <ahasenack> it's not a very rich content, you can't add comments to a task for example

 16:18 <dpb1> you would use a bug for that

 16:18 <ahasenack> saying where you are, what problems you encountered, how they were solved, ping someone else, etc

 16:18 <dpb1> I'm guessing

 16:18 <rharper> yes

 16:18 <rharper> it's very typical to create a bug with the feature

 16:18 <cpaelzer> ahasenack: actually every item usually carries a bug which can have details

 16:18 <powersj> Can I propose that as rbasak nacc cpaelzer plan merges, they look into using blueprint more effectively?

 16:18 <ahasenack> cpaelzer: ok

 16:19 <rbasak> Sure

 16:19 <cpaelzer> powersj: fair deal

 16:19 <powersj> #info rbasak nacc cpaelzer will look into using blueprints more effectively

 16:19 <nacc> yeah, and let's (probably) target 18.04 cycle for dtrt

 16:19 <dpb1> OK, let's try it

 16:19 <nacc> from the get-got that is

 16:19 <powersj> #subtopic Release Bugs

 16:19 <powersj> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-z-tracking-bug-tasks.html#ubuntu-server

 16:19 <powersj> I don't see a -a version of that page yet

 16:20 <ahasenack> how does a bug get into that list?

 16:20 <nacc> powersj: i wonder if whoever owns reqorts needs to update their code :)

 16:20 <powersj> do we know who does?

 16:20 <nacc> no idea

 16:21 <powersj> #action powersj to find out who owns bug tracking site, get artful link

 16:21 * meetingology powersj to find out who owns bug tracking site, get artful link

 16:21 <powersj> any comments on z bugs before moving on?

 16:21 <nacc> ahasenack: i believe it might be automatic?

 16:21 <ahasenack> I mean, via a tag? zesty task?

 16:22 <dpb1> nacc: based on what

 16:22 <dpb1> right

 16:22 <powersj> tag of release

 16:22 <nacc> ahasenack: as in, packages in the list of 'ubuntu-server' (which is a file) and then tag to that release

 16:22 <nacc> *task to that release

 16:22 <ahasenack> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/ebtables/+bug/1645324 is in the list

 16:22 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1645324 in ebtables (Ubuntu Trusty) "ebtables: Lock file handling has races" [Medium,In progress]

 16:22 <powersj> oh it is task?

 16:22 <ahasenack> has tags "patch" and "sts-sru-needed"

 16:22 <ahasenack> ah, task

 16:22 <nacc> powersj: the one i randomly looked at had no tags

 16:22 <powersj> nacc: ok thx

 16:22 <nacc> i would need to grep my irc logs to find where the package list

 16:23 <powersj> nacc: that's just the package-team-mapping right?

 16:23 <nacc> powersj: that'd be my guess, yes

 16:23 <powersj> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/package-team-mapping.json

 16:23 <dpb1> rharpers json?

 16:23 <nacc> powersj: thanks, that's what i was looking for

 16:23 <ahasenack> so these are essentially sru candidates

 16:23 <ahasenack> at least they were nominated

 16:23 <nacc> ahasenack: or active development candidates

 16:23 <nacc> ahasenack: now they are SRU, yes ;0

 16:23 <nacc> :)

 16:24 <powersj> which brings us to....

 16:24 <powersj> #topic Server & Cloud Bugs & SRU/Pending Uploads (slashd)

 16:24 <powersj> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-x-tracking-bug-tasks.html#ubuntu-server

 16:24 <powersj> welcome slashd

 16:24 <slashd> thanks powersj

 16:24 <cpaelzer> powersj: thanks for driving this to not stall - we are all talkative today

 16:24 <slashd> LP: #1356211 - (sosreport) cannot collect rotated syslog.1

 16:24 <slashd> - Series to SRU : trusty

 16:24 <slashd> - Owners : Louis Bouchard

 16:24 <slashd> LP: #1366103 - (sosreport) sosreport doesn't collect all data from /etc/apparmor.d/

 16:24 <slashd> - Series to SRU : trusty

 16:24 <powersj> :)

 16:24 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1356211 in sosreport (Ubuntu Trusty) "cannot collect rotated syslog.1" [Medium,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1356211

 16:24 <slashd> - Owners : Louis Bouchard

 16:24 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1366103 in sosreport (Ubuntu Trusty) "sosreport doesn't collect all data from /etc/apparmor.d/" [Medium,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1366103

 16:24 <slashd> LP: #1447695 - (sosreport) sosreport 3.2 does not collect systemd information

 16:24 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1447695 in sosreport (Ubuntu Trusty) "sosreport 3.2 does not collect systemd information" [Medium,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1447695

 16:24 <slashd> - Series to SRU : trusty

 16:24 <slashd> - Owners : Louis Bouchard

 16:24 <slashd> LP: #1566508 - (sssd) autofs races with sssd on startup

 16:24 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1566508 in sssd (Ubuntu Trusty) "autofs races with sssd on startup" [Medium,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1566508

 16:24 <slashd> - Series to SRU : yakkety xenial trusty

 16:24 <slashd> - Verification : verification-failed-xenial verification-failed-yakkety verification-needed

 16:24 <slashd> - Owners : Victor Tapia

 16:24 <slashd> LP: #1590799 - (nfs-utils) nfs-kernel-server does not start because of dependency failure

 16:24 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1590799 in nfs-utils (Ubuntu Yakkety) "nfs-kernel-server does not start because of dependency failure" [Medium,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1590799

 16:24 <slashd> - Series to SRU : yakkety

 16:24 <slashd> - Verification : verification-done-xenial verification-needed

 16:24 <slashd> - Owners : Rafael David Tinoco

 16:25 <slashd> LP: #1602057 - (nova) [SRU] (libvirt) KeyError updating resources for some node, guest.uuid is not in BDM list

 16:25 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1602057 in nova (Ubuntu Xenial) "[SRU] (libvirt) KeyError updating resources for some node, guest.uuid is not in BDM list" [Medium,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1602057

 16:25 <slashd> - Series to SRU : xenial

 16:25 <slashd> - Owners : Edward Hope-Morley

 16:25 <slashd> LP: #1605243 - (sosreport) iscsi initiator related configs and logs are not recorded

 16:25 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1605243 in sosreport (Ubuntu Zesty) "iscsi initiator related configs and logs are not recorded" [Medium,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1605243

 16:25 <slashd> - Series to SRU : yakkety xenial trusty zesty

 16:25 <slashd> - Owners : Louis Bouchard

 16:25 <slashd> LP: #1614052 - (sosreport) SOSREPORT need to collect OPAL msglog

 16:25 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1614052 in sosreport (Ubuntu Zesty) "SOSREPORT need to collect OPAL msglog" [Medium,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1614052

 16:25 <slashd> - Series to SRU : yakkety xenial trusty zesty

 16:25 <slashd> - Owners : Louis Bouchard

 16:25 <slashd> LP: #1636322 - (ceph) [SRU] upstart: ceph-all service starts before networks up

 16:25 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1636322 in ceph (Ubuntu Trusty) "[SRU] upstart: ceph-all service starts before networks up" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1636322

 16:25 <slashd> - Series to SRU : xenial trusty

 16:25 <slashd> - Verification : verification-kilo-needed verification-liberty-needed

 16:25 <slashd> - Owners : James Page None

 16:25 <cpaelzer> soon the server will ban you :-)

 16:25 <slashd> LP: #1645324 - (ebtables) ebtables: Lock file handling has races

 16:25 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1645324 in ebtables (Ubuntu Trusty) "ebtables: Lock file handling has races" [Medium,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1645324

 16:25 <slashd> - Series to SRU : trusty zesty

 16:25 <slashd> - Owners : Dragan S.

 16:25 <slashd> LP: #1648242 - (neutron) [SRU] Failure to retry update_ha_routers_states

 16:25 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1648242 in neutron (Ubuntu Xenial) "[SRU] Failure to retry update_ha_routers_states" [Low,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1648242

 16:25 <slashd> - Series to SRU : xenial

 16:25 <slashd> - Owners : Edward Hope-Morley

 16:25 <slashd> LP: #1654600 - (unattended-upgrades) unattended-upgrade-shutdown hangs when /var is a separate filesystem

 16:25 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1654600 in unattended-upgrades (Ubuntu Zesty) "unattended-upgrade-shutdown hangs when /var is a separate filesystem" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1654600

 16:25 <slashd> - Series to SRU : xenial yakkety zesty

 16:25 <slashd> - Verification : verification-failed

 16:25 <slashd> - Owners : Louis Bouchard

 16:26 <slashd> LP: #1657489 - (qemu) qemu-xen: free all the pirqs for msi/msix when driver unload

 16:26 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1657489 in qemu (Ubuntu Trusty) "qemu-xen: free all the pirqs for msi/msix when driver unload" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1657489

 16:26 <slashd> - Series to SRU : trusty

 16:26 <slashd> - Owners : None

 16:26 <slashd> LP: #1666827 - (horizon) Backport fixes for Rename Network return 403 Error

 16:26 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1666827 in horizon (Ubuntu Xenial) "Backport fixes for Rename Network return 403 Error" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1666827

 16:26 <slashd> - Series to SRU : xenial

 16:26 <slashd> - Owners : None

 16:26 <slashd> #info SRU pending for : sssd, nfs-utils, qemu, ebtables, unattended-upgrades, sosreport

 16:26 <rbasak> I appreciate the report - but honestly, I'm not reading that flood. I wonder if anyone is? I suggest sticking to just the list of packages. That single last line would do. Anyone who wants more info knows where to look.

 16:26 <cpaelzer> I read it

 16:26 <ahasenack> here, let me paste it for you again

 16:26 <dpb1> there are a lot of sosreports...

 16:26 <slashd> sorry guys, will do a pastebin next week ;)

 16:26 * dpb1 slaps ahasenack

 16:26 <powersj> slashd: thx :)

 16:26 <cpaelzer> but I was good wit hthe short list and people polling on details where needed

 16:27 <powersj> #info SRU pending for: sssd, nfs-utils, qemu, ebtables, unattended-upgrades, sosreport

 16:27 <powersj> questions for slashd?

 16:27 <ahasenack> sssd? hm

 16:27 <cpaelzer> #info further SRU pending openssh (X, Y), sssd (T), qemu (Xx2), libvirt (X,Y,Z)

 16:27 <cpaelzer> I have my own set of shi$ :-)

 16:28 <powersj> ok moving on, thanks slashd

 16:28 <powersj> #topic Weekly Updates & Questions for the QA Team (powersj)

 16:28 <powersj> #link https://jenkins.ubuntu.com/server/

 16:28 <powersj> and of course I'm not prepared

 16:29 <powersj> This week I'm looking into some additional CI/pkg build for cloud-init and curtin. And getting the automated ISO tests running again for previous releases.

 16:29 <rbasak> What have you done with the real powersj? :-P

 16:29 <powersj> haha

 16:29 <powersj> Last week was the ericson qemu/hugepages QA, some SRU verification attempts on openssh and tomcat7/8, and I build my own local MAAS setup

 16:29 <powersj> Oh and I broke curtin vmtest badly

 16:30 <powersj> and won't do that again, I have learned my lesson

 16:30 <powersj> #info powersj to get automated ISO tests running again

 16:30 <dpb1> QA Team all about breaking things.

 16:30 <dpb1> amazing

 16:30 <cpaelzer> and on testing fyi - others might just as the virt tests run into cases that there are no lxd/cloud images for artful yet

 16:30 <rharper> powersj: lol

 16:30 <powersj> #info won't break curtin vmtest again

 16:30 <rharper> haha

 16:30 <cpaelzer> uh powersj; we will quote that the next time

 16:30 <rharper> I wouldn't have recorded that

 16:30 <powersj> please do :)

 16:31 <powersj> anything else for the qa noob

 16:31 <powersj> #topic Weekly Updates & Questions for the Kernel Team (smb, sforshee)

 16:31 <smb> Noting to report but will listen to questions/requests if there are any (smb not that much more prepared).

 16:31 <cpaelzer> smoser: did anybody else delete the wrong kernels because of special ordering ber LANG ?

 16:32 <cpaelzer> smb: any complaints about 4.10 getting removed unintended to the kernel team?

 16:32 <dpb1> apt-get autoremove deleted wrong kernels?

 16:32 <cpaelzer> na, purge-kernels did

 16:32 <cpaelzer> purge-old-kernels

 16:32 <dpb1> what is purge-old-kernels

 16:32 <smb> cpaelzer, not that we encourage people to use that :)

 16:32 <cpaelzer> hehe, you are safe anyway smb

 16:33 <rbasak> Is that the one inside byobu packaging?

 16:33 <cpaelzer> languages that do thousand separator on "." are good :-)

 16:33 <cpaelzer> yes rbasak

 16:33 <dpb1> rbasak: o.O

 16:33 <rbasak> If autoremove works just as well, should we deprecate and remove that?

 16:33 <smoser> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/byobu/+bug/1685338

 16:33 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1685338 in byobu (Ubuntu) "purge-old-kernels sorts kernels incorrectly" [High,Triaged]

 16:33 <dpb1> smb: apt-get autoremove is what you all want, right?

 16:33 <cpaelzer> smoser: you are a user of that, please speak for or against the tool in contrast to autoremove

 16:34 <smoser> rbasak, i think the are probably right that we shoudl deprecate or just remove.

 16:34 <cpaelzer> I only happen to know it from a few bugs

 16:34 <smb> rbasak, I remember some people were afraid of autoremove because it might remover other stuff (though it never did remove anything for me which I still needed)

 16:34 <smoser> i have used since before autoremove dtrt

 16:34 * dpb1 votes to remove this script from byobu

 16:34 <smoser> one reason to keep it would be that it specifically removes old kernels

 16:34 <dpb1> how do I rogers rule of meeting etiquite do that?

 16:35 <smoser> where as autoremove autoremoves whatever

 16:35 <ahasenack> did kikland create it, or did he just added something already existing to byobu?

 16:35 <smoser> possibly autoremove takes a filter.. i dont know.

 16:35 <rbasak> AIUI, he wrote it, and stuck it in with byobu for lack of somewhere else to put it.

 16:35 <rbasak> Let me file a bug at least

 16:36 <powersj> rbasak: for removal?

 16:36 <smoser> https://askubuntu.com/questions/2793/how-do-i-remove-old-kernel-versions-to-clean-up-the-boot-menu

 16:36 <smoser> rbasak, kirkland got something gfrom kees, there was a ubuntu-devel discussion on this i think

 16:36 <rharper> http://blog.dustinkirkland.com/2016/06/purge-old-kernels.html

 16:36 <dpb1> oh my goodness.

 16:37 <dpb1> ok

 16:37 <rharper> "You'll already have the purge-old-kernels command in Ubuntu 16.04 LTS (and later), as part of the byobu package. "

 16:37 <smoser> The definitive answer is: sudo purge-old-kernels

 16:37 <smoser> so there you have it

 16:37 <nacc> in the case where a user does "someting" and autoremove starts to not dtrt

 16:37 <nacc> purge-old-kernels works

 16:38 <nacc> *but* the real goal is to figure out what "something" was and why autoremove stops dtrt

 16:38 <nacc> (imo)

 16:38 <nacc> and fix it

 16:38 <rharper> honestly though, if it's the definitive answer, then it should be a stand-alone package and seeded

 16:38 <rbasak> bug 1686138

 16:38 <ubottu> bug 1686138 in byobu (Ubuntu) "purge-old-kernels is superseded by "apt autoremove"" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1686138

 16:38 <dpb1> no

 16:38 <nacc> oftentimes, i've found, it's pinning from an old release

 16:38 <rbasak> rharper: agreed.

 16:38 <dpb1> I think we need a follow up

 16:38 <smb> sudo apt-mark auto `apt-mark showmanual '^linux-(headers|image|image-extra|cloud-tools|tools)-[0-9]'`

 16:38 <rharper> dpb1: ack

 16:38 <smb> ^ I think that should fix autormeove

 16:38 <rharper> smb: that's user friendly

 16:39 <smoser> rharper, also if it is the definitive answer, it should not remove the wrong kernels

 16:39 <rharper> smoser: ack

 16:39 <smoser> even if you do not speak german

 16:39 <cpaelzer> hehe

 16:39 <nacc> smb: correct, my imporession as well

 16:39 <nacc> smb: the problem is joe user who intentionally pinned an old kernel and then un-marking it is wrong

 16:39 <powersj> anything else on removing old kernels?

 16:39 <dpb1> I'll contact dustin

 16:40 <dpb1> you can action me

 16:40 <powersj> #action dpb1 to talk to kirkland re: old kernels

 16:40 * meetingology dpb1 to talk to kirkland re: old kernels

 16:40 <powersj> anything else for smb

 16:40 <powersj> #topic Upcoming Call For Papers

 16:40 <powersj> #link https://lwn.net/Calendar/Monthly/cfp/

 16:41 <powersj> I don't see anything

 16:42 <powersj> #topic Ubuntu Server Team Events

 16:42 <powersj> any events?

 16:42 <powersj> tomorrow... tomorrow...

 16:42 <dpb1> does coffee and wine count?

 16:43 <powersj> #info Bug squashing day 3 tomorrow!

 16:43 <powersj> #link https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-server/2017-April/007524.html

 16:43 <powersj> #topic Open Discussion

 16:43 <powersj> Free for all... anything else before closing

 16:44 <powersj> nada...

 16:44 <powersj> #topic Announce next meeting date, time and chair

 16:44 <powersj> same time, same place, with cpaelzer at the helm

 16:44 <powersj> cheers

 16:44 <powersj> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)