== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 14 Aug at 16:30 &mdash; 16:50 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2017/ubuntu-meeting.2017-08-14-16.30.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting 
=== Announcements ===
The discussion about "Announcements" started at 16:30.


=== Weekly stand-up report ===
The discussion about "Weekly stand-up report" started at 16:30.


=== Highlighted packages ===
The discussion about "Highlighted packages" started at 16:46.

  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/jython.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/libcsoap.html 

=== Miscellaneous and Questions ===
The discussion about "Miscellaneous and Questions" started at 16:46.

  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/webfs.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/prewikka.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/slim.html 



== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * tyhicks (34)
 * jdstrand (10)
 * ratliff (8)
 * sbeattie (6)
 * mdeslaur (6)
 * tsimonq2 (6)
 * leosilva (5)
 * chrisccoulson (4)
 * jjohansen (4)
 * sarnold (3)
 * meetingology (3)
 * meetingology` (2)
 * ubottu (2)



== Full Log ==


 16:30 <tyhicks> #startmeeting

 16:30 <meetingology> Meeting started Mon Aug 14 16:30:24 2017 UTC.  The chair is tyhicks. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:30 <meetingology> 

 16:30 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 16:30 <meetingology`> Meeting started Mon Aug 14 16:30:24 2017 UTC.  The chair is tyhicks. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:30 <meetingology`> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 16:30 <tyhicks> The meeting agenda can be found at:

 16:30 <tyhicks> [LINK] https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting

 16:30 <tyhicks> [TOPIC] Announcements

 16:30 <tyhicks> Simon Quigley (tsimonq2) provided debdiffs for trusty-zesty for vlc (LP: #1709420)

 16:30 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1709420 in vlc (Ubuntu) "[CVE] flac: Fix heap write overflow on frame format change" [Medium,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1709420

 16:30 <tyhicks> Simon Quigley (tsimonq2) provided debdiffs for trusty-zesty for menu-cache (LP: #1703564)

 16:30 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1703564 in menu-cache (Ubuntu Zesty) "[CVE] Socket may be blocked by another user" [Medium,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1703564

 16:30 <tyhicks> Thank you for your assistance in keeping Ubuntu users secure! :)

 16:30 <tyhicks> [TOPIC] Weekly stand-up report

 16:30 <tyhicks> jdstrand: you're up

 16:31 <tsimonq2> :D

 16:31 <jdstrand> Last week's work is now being captured in the https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/WeeklyReports so I'll typically not report on that here any more.

 16:31 <jdstrand> This week I plan to focus on:

 16:31 <jdstrand> - finishing my part of the wayland work. This is close to done and the wayland interface is already committed to master, but I'd like to add a spread test, finish my sway investigation, incorporate some snappy xdg-open changes and verify the new wayland-cursor in artful

 16:31 <jdstrand> - finish desktop and accessibility PRs (respond to feedback, finalize services to expose, etc)

 16:31 <jdstrand> - when investigating wayland-cursor for snapd, update apparmor to fix evince crash on startup in 17.10

 16:31 <jdstrand> - be responsive to snappy PRs (in particular, Solus distro support, 'Using udev tagging for snap interfaces' and related refactoring PRs, portals PR if it comes in, layouts PRs, race-free profile generation next steps, dbus session services, etc)

 16:31 <jdstrand> - add an execstack check (with advice on how to fix) to the review tools (this has come up 3 times in the last month)

 16:31 <jdstrand> - try to push forward the open questions regarding snappy users/groups (including privilege dropping) with nie meyer as have time

 16:31 <jdstrand> - add systemd-notify interface as have time (request from Chipaca)

 16:31 <jdstrand> that's it from me. mdeslaur, you're up

 16:31 <mdeslaur> I'm on bug triage this week

 16:31 <mdeslaur> and I'm currently working on postgresql updates

 16:32 <mdeslaur> I have a couple of updates in the ppa that I've been putting off testing for a while, I should probably get to them

 16:32 <mdeslaur> after that, I'll go down the list, as usual

 16:32 <mdeslaur> that's about it

 16:32 <mdeslaur> sbeattie: you're up

 16:34 <tyhicks> I'll hop in and we'll come back to sbeattie

 16:35 <tyhicks> now that the seccomp kernel patches look like they're on the path to landing, I will finish my libseccomp patch set and submit the PR

 16:35 <tyhicks> still need to get to review pam_fscrypt

 16:36 <tyhicks> upload fscrypt to the archive once the 32 bit architecture FTBFS issue is sorted out upstream

 16:36 <tyhicks> that's probably all I'm goign to get to this week as I have a short week (off Thurs and Fri)

 16:36 <tyhicks> jjohansen: you're up

 16:37 * sbeattie can jump in

 16:37 <tyhicks> go ahea

 16:37 <sbeattie> I'm on cve triage this week

 16:38 <sbeattie> I'll likely have an openjdk-7 update from td aitx to test and publish

 16:38 <sbeattie> I'll pick up more updates from the list

 16:38 <sbeattie> I also have some backlogged apparmor and qrt stuff to look at.

 16:39 <sbeattie> that's it for me.

 16:39 <tyhicks> jjohansen: go ahead if you're around

 16:39 <jjohansen> I am working on upstreaming apparmor, I have a few more minor patches/cleanups to finish before sending out the next pull request

 16:39 <jjohansen> and then I need to get back to finishing up the typesplitting work

 16:40 <jjohansen> I suppose I also need to finish booking my travel for the ralley and uh need to give some feedback to Casey on the LSM stacking patches

 16:40 <jjohansen> that is it for me sarnold you're up

 16:41 <sarnold> I'm in the happy place this week; I'll be reviewing apparmor patches if john wants it, working on MIRs (pcp at the moment), and booking travel

 16:41 <sarnold> that's it for me, ratliff?

 16:41 <chrisccoulson> I'm here

 16:41 <ratliff> go ahead chrisccoulson

 16:42 <chrisccoulson> Short week for me - I'm off on holiday at the end of the week. I need to get Firefox 55.0.1 published (later today), and then I'll be spending time on the rust 1.19 updates

 16:42 <chrisccoulson> although it looks like I'll be doing another firefox update

 16:42 <chrisccoulson> that's me done

 16:43 <ratliff> I'm in the happy place this week

 16:44 <ratliff> I made good progress on kpis last week. I have a few more charts to create with the data that we already have on hand.

 16:44 <ratliff> Then I need to document everything and check the scripts into UCT. After that, we need a couple more kpis but will be blocked awaiting access to data.

 16:45 <ratliff> so kpis will be my main focus again this week

 16:45 <ratliff> leosilva: you are up

 16:45 <leosilva> This week I'm community

 16:45 <leosilva> I want to finish libgd2 *stucking in tests on zesty*

 16:46 <leosilva> Also want to pick more pkgs to up in the list.

 16:46 <leosilva> that is for me.

 16:46 <leosilva> tyhicks: it's up to you

 16:46 <tyhicks> thanks

 16:46 <tyhicks> [TOPIC] Highlighted packages

 16:46 <tyhicks> The Ubuntu Security team will highlight some community-supported packages that might be good candidates for updating and or triaging. If you would like to help Ubuntu and not sure where to start, this is a great way to do so.

 16:46 <tyhicks> See https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/UpdateProcedures for details and if you have any questions, feel free to ask in #ubuntu-security. To find out other ways of helping out, please see https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/GettingInvolved.

 16:46 <tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/jython.html

 16:46 <tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/libcsoap.html

 16:46 <tyhicks> [TOPIC] Miscellaneous and Questions

 16:47 <tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/webfs.html

 16:47 <tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/prewikka.html

 16:47 <tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/slim.html

 16:47 <tyhicks> Does anyone have any other questions or items to discuss?

 16:47 * tsimonq2 smiles

 16:47 <tyhicks> tsimonq2: hey - you've got something to discuss?

 16:48 <tsimonq2> tyhicks: Nope, I just really enjoy the previous meeting item :P

 16:48 * tsimonq2 hides

 16:49 <tyhicks> the highlighted packages part? that list is randomly generated without much thought put into it

 16:49 <tyhicks> involved contributors have a better idea of updates that would be useful

 16:49 <tsimonq2> Thanks for noting that :)

 16:50 <ratliff> tyhicks: probably more the part where we thanked him for contributing :-)

 16:50 <ratliff> thanks again tsimonq2 :-)

 16:50 <tyhicks> yes, thank you! :)

 16:50 <sarnold> \o/

 16:50 <tsimonq2> You're welcome :)

 16:50 <tyhicks> jdstrand, mdeslaur, sbeattie, jjohansen, sarnold, ChrisCoulson, ratliff, leosilva: Thanks!

 16:50 <tyhicks> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)