== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 05 Jan at 16:02 &mdash; 16:29 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2017/ubuntu-meeting.2017-01-05-16.02.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== lightning round ===
The discussion about "lightning round" started at 16:03.


=== AOB ===
The discussion about "AOB" started at 16:24.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * slangasek (22)
 * sil2100 (19)
 * robru (15)
 * ubottu (14)
 * bdmurray (12)
 * chiluk (11)
 * barry (10)
 * doko (10)
 * xnox (9)
 * caribou (6)
 * meetingology (3)



== Full Log ==


 16:02 <slangasek> #startmeeting

 16:02 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Jan  5 16:02:24 2017 UTC.  The chair is slangasek. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:02 <meetingology> 

 16:02 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 16:02 <caribou> \o

 16:03 <slangasek> [TOPIC] lightning round

 16:03 <slangasek> $ echo $(shuf -e barry doko bdmurray slangasek caribou infinity sil2100 robru cyphermox tdaitx xnox chiluk mwhudson)

 16:03 <slangasek> caribou robru sil2100 mwhudson xnox infinity cyphermox chiluk tdaitx doko bdmurray slangasek barry

 16:03 <chiluk> o/

 16:03 * chiluk is glad he's not first

 16:03 <caribou> short week due to new year

 16:03 <xnox> barry wins =)

 16:04 <barry> wake me up before i go go

 16:04 <caribou> investigating LP: #953875 still problematic on Trusty

 16:04 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 953875 in ubiquity (Ubuntu Trusty) "Encrypted swap no longer mounted at bootup" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/953875

 16:04 <robru> sorry not ready

 16:04 <caribou> uploading new makedumpfile 1.6.1-1 to Debian, to be synced to Zesty

 16:04 <caribou> some more work on the sosreport charm

 16:04 <caribou> (done)

 16:05 <sil2100> robru: ok, I'll go before you then

 16:05 <sil2100> - Landing team work, silo coordination

 16:05 <sil2100> - Investigating broken images for frieza_arm64 and cooler_arm64

 16:05 <sil2100> * Bisecting changes, gathering logs, filling bugs

 16:05 <sil2100> * Re-spinning images after new fixed lxc landed (thanks stgraber!)

 16:05 <sil2100> - Reading up on SRU review processes and tools

 16:05 <sil2100> - Investigating broken ubuntu-budgie flavor builds

 16:05 <sil2100> * Big thanks to Colin for creating the required tasks, waiting for a migration run

 16:05 <sil2100> - system-image config cleanup, redirecting device tarballs for after John's leave

 16:05 <sil2100> - Poking around the blocked ubuntu-keyboard in zesty-proposed

 16:05 <sil2100> - Looking into ubuntu-image size and offset <1MiB handling

 16:05 <sil2100> (done)

 16:06 <slangasek> xnox:

 16:06 <xnox> s390x srus uploads (a few are in the unapproved queue)

 16:06 <xnox> upstart session porting uploads

 16:06 <xnox> fixing pm-management in subordinate systemd

 16:06 <xnox> porting systemd-shim ntpd to subordinate systemd

 16:06 <xnox> (short week monday was nyd substitute day)

 16:06 <xnox> EOF

 16:07 <slangasek> chiluk:

 16:07 <chiluk> CORE DEV APPLICATION - please endorse me. https://wiki.ubuntu.com/chiluk/CoreDevApplication  .  Comments/suggestsions/advice also welcome.

 16:07 <chiluk> LP#1650067 - qemu - Actively working on backporting patches to error with fatal instead of abort under memory constrainted conditions.

 16:07 <chiluk> LP#1647389 - qemu- I haven't yet determined the correct special sauce to reproduce this.  It appears that the issue may still exist upstream. See https://lists.gnu.org/archive/html/qemu-devel/2016-12/msg02066.html

 16:07 <chiluk> --done--

 16:08 <robru> ok I'm ready

 16:08 <robru> (1/14) lp:britney

 16:08 <robru> (2/14) * disable piuparts

 16:08 <robru> (3/14) * fix debian tests

 16:08 <robru> (4/14) lp:bileto

 16:08 <robru> (5/14) * some style tweaks

 16:08 <robru> (6/14) * Proxy access to swift excuses files. (LP: #1629969)

 16:08 <robru> (7/14) * Fix filterdiff globbing (LP: #1651790)

 16:08 <robru> (8/14) * Use larger textarea for sources list.

 16:08 <robru> (9/14) * Identify when dest version is higher than ours (LP: #1627636)

 16:08 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1629969 in Bileto "Bileto should proxy access to britney excuses files" [Wishlist,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1629969

 16:08 <robru> (10/14) * Stop redirecting to ambiguous "latest" endpoint (fixed job log refresh races)

 16:08 <robru> (11/14) * Abort if target trunk is not writable by us.

 16:08 <robru> (12/14) * Notice new diffs at end of diff job (LP: #1649595)

 16:08 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1651790 in Bileto "bileto packaging diffs include anything that has 'debian' as a subpath" [Undecided,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1651790

 16:08 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1627636 in Bileto ""Successfully built" status appears on silo which needs to be rebuilt" [Medium,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1627636

 16:08 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1649595 in Bileto "status at end of diff job fails to notice new diffs" [High,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1649595

 16:08 <barry> chiluk: nice!

 16:08 <chiluk> barry endorse PLEASE!

 16:08 <chiluk> I set low expectations, and will be pleasantly surprised if I get approved.

 16:08 <sil2100> chiluk: wow, that's a LOT of comments! Nice ;)

 16:09 <chiluk> sil2100: we have a large team.

 16:09 <chiluk> some are community folks though..

 16:09 <chiluk> I tend to do talks at the meetups in Austin.

 16:09 <bdmurray> whoopsie daisy!

 16:09 <robru> (let me know if my paste got cut off...(

 16:09 <barry> chiluk: every bit helps

 16:10 <bdmurray> took over the ~apport user from pitti

 16:10 <bdmurray> untagged elementary bug reports as need-amd64-retrace

 16:10 <bdmurray> worked on having apport use gdb from a release sandbox

 16:10 <bdmurray> tested nvidia-304 driver from PPA (LP: #1639180)

 16:10 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1639180 in nvidia-graphics-drivers-304 (Ubuntu Xenial) "no login possible after update to nvidia 304.132" [Critical,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1639180

 16:10 <bdmurray> created a test case for update-manager bug (LP: #1548425)

 16:10 <bdmurray> uploaded fix for update-manager bug (LP :#1548425) to X queue

 16:10 <bdmurray> submitted unattended-upgrades mp to fix dry-run and marking packages for deletion

 16:10 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1548425 in update-manager (Ubuntu Xenial) "update-manager crashed with AttributeError in check_hovering(): 'tuple' object has no attribute 'get_tags'" [Medium,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1548425

 16:10 <bdmurray> setup sponsoring report code to run as ubuntureports on cranberry

 16:10 <bdmurray> irc discussion re: release task nomination and targetting

 16:10 <bdmurray> irc discussion with kamal regarding errors and a python crash from awscli

 16:10 <bdmurray> ✙ done

 16:11 <doko> bdmurray, went ahead?

 16:11 <doko> - GCC 6.3.0 release packaged

 16:11 <doko> - binutils 2.28 branch packaged

 16:11 <doko> - GCC 7 updated

 16:11 <doko> - bootstrapping rustc

 16:11 <doko> - made LLVM 3.9 the default, demoted two LLVM versions, now only having 3.9 in main

 16:11 <doko> - merges, MIRs, ...

 16:11 <doko> (done)

 16:13 <barry> slangasek?

 16:14 <barry> short week back after holidays

 16:14 <barry> debuntu: xonsh dm --allow (and moderately investigate failures); LP: #1642723 & python-webencodings 0.5-2; LP: #1647031; LP: #1654025; investigate pycurl test flakiness; investigate python-bleach failure w/newer html5lib (https://github.com/mozilla/bleach/issues/217)

 16:14 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1642723 in python-webencodings (Ubuntu) "[MIR] python-webencodings" [Undecided,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1642723

 16:14 <barry> other: PEP 538 (C locale coercion proposal) reading & review; pycon 2017 registration; start reviewing newpitti candidates

 16:14 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1647031 in systemd (Ubuntu) "systemd-resolved’s 127.0.0.53 server does not follow CNAME records" [Low,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1647031

 16:14 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1654025 in Auto Package Testing "trusty/armhf dkms tests are killing workers" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1654025

 16:14 <barry> --done--

 16:15 <slangasek> * happy new year!

 16:15 <slangasek> * short week; Monday was a bank holiday, Friday traveling to Cape Town for sprint

 16:15 <slangasek> * reviewing applications for open position

 16:15 <slangasek> * systemd bugfixes: LP: #1642903 uploaded to trusty, LP: #1647485 under discussion upstream, LP: #1647031 needs fixing in zesty

 16:15 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1642903 in systemd (Ubuntu Trusty) "introduce disk/by-id (model_serial) symlinks for NVMe drives" [Undecided,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1642903

 16:15 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1647485 in systemd (Ubuntu) "NVMe symlinks broken by devices with spaces in model or serial strings" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1647485

 16:15 <slangasek> (done)

 16:15 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1647031 in systemd (Ubuntu) "systemd-resolved’s 127.0.0.53 server does not follow CNAME records" [Low,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1647031

 16:16 <doko> why do others go to Cape Town in summer? /me remembers freezing at DebConf ...

 16:18 <sil2100> Oh, forgot to mention: tomorrow is a national holiday in Poland and I took a holiday for Monday next week

 16:18 <xnox> doko, debconf planning sucks =)

 16:18 <xnox> doko, i bet it will be freezing in canada too

 16:19 <slangasek> any questions over status?

 16:21 <slangasek> doko: I saw llvm-toolchain-3.8 wanting to be repromoted; are you handling that?

 16:22 <doko> slangasek: that's the pocl recommends. the MIR is incomplete anyway. and pocl doesn't seem to be ported to 3.9 yet

 16:22 <barry> slangasek: should we bump up LP: #1647031 and revert?

 16:22 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1647031 in systemd (Ubuntu) "systemd-resolved’s 127.0.0.53 server does not follow CNAME records" [Low,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1647031

 16:22 <slangasek> barry: yes, that was my suggestion yesterday :)

 16:22 <barry> slangasek: yep, in a pvt channel :)   i'll test that out today

 16:22 <slangasek> ok

 16:23 <slangasek> barry: thanks :)

 16:24 <slangasek> [TOPIC] AOB

 16:24 <slangasek> anything else?

 16:24 <sil2100> Can someone promote/demote some ubuntu-keyboard binaries to unblock it from -proposed? :)

 16:24 <slangasek> sil2100: taking

 16:25 <sil2100> slangasek: thanks! It's either demoting ubuntu-keyboard-esperanto to universe or promoting all ubuntu-keyboard binaries to main

 16:25 <slangasek> sil2100: done

 16:25 <sil2100> Or the poor package will stay in limbo forever

 16:25 <sil2100> Thanks!

 16:26 <slangasek> sil2100: it's demoting, per http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed

 16:28 * sil2100 is done

 16:29 <slangasek> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)