== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 30 Oct at 16:33 &mdash; 16:45 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2017/ubuntu-meeting.2017-10-30-16.33.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting 
=== Weekly stand-up report ===
The discussion about "Weekly stand-up report" started at 16:33.


=== Highlighted packages ===
The discussion about "Highlighted packages" started at 16:43.

  * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/git-hub.html 
  * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/guacamole-client.html 
  * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/revelation.html 
  * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/ruby-rack.html 
  * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/ettercap.html 

=== Miscellaneous and Questions ===
The discussion about "Miscellaneous and Questions" started at 16:43.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * tyhicks (26)
 * jdstrand (10)
 * leosilva (7)
 * sbeattie (7)
 * chrisccoulson (6)
 * mdeslaur (5)
 * ratliff (4)
 * meetingology (3)
 * sarnold (1)



== Full Log ==


 16:33 <tyhicks> #startmeeting

 16:33 <meetingology> Meeting started Mon Oct 30 16:33:18 2017 UTC.  The chair is tyhicks. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:33 <meetingology> 

 16:33 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 16:33 <tyhicks> The meeting agenda can be found at:

 16:33 <tyhicks> [LINK] https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting

 16:33 <tyhicks> [TOPIC] Weekly stand-up report

 16:33 <tyhicks> jdstrand: you're up

 16:33 <jdstrand> hey

 16:33 <jdstrand> * finalize snappy-debug fixes (based on sprint feedback)

 16:33 <jdstrand> * follow through on some policy updates for 2.29

 16:33 <jdstrand> * layouts reviews (as needed)

 16:33 <jdstrand> * various followups for two reported regressions in udev tagging/device cgroups

 16:33 <jdstrand> * verify uhid interface is working correctly after udev tagging

 16:33 <jdstrand> * look into broadcom-asic-control interface bug where interface is not connected if the module doesn't exist

 16:33 <jdstrand> * continue uid/gid seccomp arg filtering as have time

 16:34 <jdstrand> that's what I plan to work on this week ^

 16:34 <jdstrand> mdeslaur: you're up

 16:34 <mdeslaur> I'm on CVE triage this week

 16:34 <mdeslaur> and I'm working on quagga updates

 16:34 <mdeslaur> I'll be picking up something else after that

 16:34 <mdeslaur> that's about it

 16:35 <mdeslaur> sbeattie: you're up

 16:35 <sbeattie> I'm in the happy place this week

 16:35 <sbeattie> I've got a couple leftover tasks from the apparmor online sprint to finish up

 16:36 <sbeattie> kernel updates should be happening this week, so I need to finish some signoff tasks and publish USNs for those

 16:36 <sbeattie> I have openjdk-8 updates from tdaitx to test and publish

 16:36 <sbeattie> after all that, I'll try to pick up another update or two

 16:36 <sbeattie> that's it for me. tyhicks?

 16:37 <tyhicks> sbeattie: I think CVE tracking for snaps should still be a high priority for this week

 16:37 <tyhicks> I'm in the happy place this week

 16:37 <tyhicks> I'm still trying to get to eCryptfs kernel patch review

 16:37 <tyhicks> then I'll start working on squashfs image reproduceability

 16:38 <tyhicks> I also have some embargoed issues

 16:38 <tyhicks> sarnold: you're up (jj is out)

 16:38 <sbeattie> tyhicks: fair point.

 16:39 <tyhicks> sarnold isn't here yet

 16:39 <tyhicks> chrisccoulson: you're up

 16:39 <chrisccoulson> I've got a chromium update to test and publish

 16:40 <chrisccoulson> There was also an unscheduled firefox release last week which I wasn't aware of until after it happened. I'm not sure yet whether to ship that

 16:40 <chrisccoulson> Then I've got to get rust updated to 1.21

 16:40 <leosilva> wee, rust updates.

 16:40 <chrisccoulson> I'd like to think I'd get time to do something else this week, but that hasn't worked very well in recent weeks

 16:41 <chrisccoulson> that's me done

 16:41 <chrisccoulson> leosilva, yeah, fun ;)

 16:41 <ratliff> I'm in the happy place this week.

 16:41 <ratliff> I have some writing assignments. When those are done, I want to work on integrating InfluxDB into our KPIs.

 16:41 <ratliff> on to you, leosilva

 16:42 <leosilva> I'm bug triage this week.

 16:42 <leosilva> I did push some USN this morning

 16:42 <leosilva> I have some bug to investigate in bug triage role

 16:42 <leosilva> besides that I'll do my usual hunting for pkg to update.

 16:42 <leosilva> That's all for me.

 16:42 <leosilva> tyhicks: it's back to you!

 16:43 <tyhicks> thanks!

 16:43 <tyhicks> [TOPIC] Highlighted packages

 16:43 <tyhicks> The Ubuntu Security team will highlight some community-supported packages that might be good candidates for updating and or triaging. If you would like to help Ubuntu and not sure where to start, this is a great way to do so.

 16:43 <tyhicks> See https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/UpdateProcedures for details and if you have any questions, feel free to ask in #ubuntu-security. To find out other ways of helping out, please see https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/GettingInvolved.

 16:43 <tyhicks> https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/git-hub.html

 16:43 <tyhicks> https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/guacamole-client.html

 16:43 <tyhicks> https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/revelation.html

 16:43 <tyhicks> https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/ruby-rack.html

 16:43 <tyhicks> Does anyone have any other questions or items to discuss?

 16:43 <tyhicks> https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/ettercap.html

 16:43 <tyhicks> [TOPIC] Miscellaneous and Questions

 16:45 <tyhicks> jdstrand, mdeslaur, sbeattie, ChrisCoulson, ratliff, leosilva: Thanks!

 16:45 <sarnold> sorry I'm late, I lost track of time

 16:45 <ratliff> thank you, tyhicks!

 16:45 <tyhicks> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)