== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 23 Feb at 16:02 &mdash; 16:49 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2017/ubuntu-meeting.2017-02-23-16.02.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning round ===
The discussion about "Lightning round" started at 16:02.


=== AOB ===
The discussion about "AOB" started at 16:23.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * slangasek (62)
 * barry (33)
 * sil2100 (25)
 * ubottu (21)
 * bdmurray (16)
 * tdaitx (15)
 * gaughen (11)
 * doko (10)
 * cyphermox (8)
 * caribou (6)
 * robru (5)
 * meetingology (3)
 * chiluk (2)



== Full Log ==


 16:02 <slangasek> #startmeeting

 16:02 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Feb 23 16:02:17 2017 UTC.  The chair is slangasek. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:02 <meetingology> 

 16:02 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 16:02 <slangasek> [TOPIC] Lightning round

 16:02 <slangasek> $ echo $(shuf -e barry doko bdmurray slangasek caribou infinity sil2100 robru cyphermox tdaitx xnox chiluk mwhudson)

 16:02 <slangasek> chiluk sil2100 cyphermox infinity tdaitx doko barry mwhudson xnox slangasek bdmurray caribou robru

 16:03 <robru> wooohooo!

 16:03 <slangasek> chiluk: hi, anything for this week?

 16:04 <chiluk> lp 1647389 .. is all ..  It's being a real bear to track down

 16:04 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1647389 in qemu (Ubuntu) "Regression: Live migrations can still crash after CVE-2016-5403 fix" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1647389

 16:04 <chiluk> -done-

 16:04 <sil2100> - Landing team work, silo coordination

 16:04 <sil2100> - SRU reviews

 16:04 <sil2100> - Reviewing the xenial linux-hwe kernel SRU (urgent)

 16:04 <sil2100> - Writing up a script to inform me of any kernel SRU actions required

 16:04 <sil2100> - Further examination of failing xenial-i386 builds for touch

 16:04 <sil2100> * Resolved with latest qtmir landing

 16:04 <sil2100> - walinuxagent:

 16:04 <sil2100> * Discussion with upstream about the configuration split concept

 16:04 <sil2100> * Waiting on: final upstream decision and test results

 16:04 <sil2100> - ubuntu-image:

 16:04 <sil2100> * Removing any hard-coded sector-size values

 16:05 <sil2100> * Looking into ubuntu-image CI - e.g. how it's done

 16:05 <sil2100> (done)

 16:06 <slangasek> cyphermox:

 16:08 <sil2100> cyphermox sent an e-mail he might be late

 16:08 <cyphermox> Sorry, around but on my cell, can't really past summary

 16:08 <slangasek> ok

 16:08 <slangasek> no infinity

 16:08 <slangasek> tdaitx:

 16:08 <sil2100> ...or that :)

 16:08 <tdaitx> * 1 day off (or, more precisely, 2 half-days if anyone cares)

 16:08 <tdaitx> = OpenJDK

 16:08 <tdaitx> * Going through their contribution policy now that we have OCA (thanks steve!)

 16:08 <tdaitx> * Reviewing patches that we can (re)submit

 16:08 <tdaitx> = Other

 16:08 <tdaitx> * Checking and learning about debhelper 9 tools (and changes since 5)

 16:08 <tdaitx> * Going through a few OpenJDK (7 and 8) LP bugs (LP: #1573673, Debian: #855686, Debian: #853758, LP: #1548434, Debian: #855858, ...)

 16:08 <tdaitx> * Merging open-vm-tools (LP: #1651608)

 16:08 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1573673 in openjdk-8 (Ubuntu) "package openjdk-8-jre-headless:amd64 8u77-b03-3ubuntu3 failed to install/upgrade: subprocess installed post-installation script returned error exit status 2" [High,Incomplete] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1573673

 16:08 <tdaitx> = OpenJDK 7 (low priority, thus taking longer than usual)

 16:08 <ubottu> Debian bug 855686 in src:icedtea-web "icedtea-web: FTBFS: configure: error: Package requirements (mozilla-plugin) were not met" [Serious,Open] http://bugs.debian.org/855686

 16:08 <ubottu> Debian bug 853758 in openjdk-8 "openjdk-8: Please cherry-pick 8dfbb002197a / fix for JDK-8164293 [memory leak in hotspot]" [Serious,Fixed] http://bugs.debian.org/853758

 16:08 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1548434 in openjdk-8 (Ubuntu) "jmap -heap broken since update to 7u95-2.6.4-0ubuntu0.14.04.1" [Undecided,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1548434

 16:08 <tdaitx> * Testing new package changes on OpenJDK 7u131, simplifying build

 16:08 <ubottu> Debian bug 855858 in openjdk-8-jre "[openjdk-8-jre] jexec'ing .jar-files through binfmt doesn't work" [Normal,Open] http://bugs.debian.org/855858

 16:08 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1651608 in open-vm-tools (Ubuntu) "please rebase open-vm-tools to version 10.1.0" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1651608

 16:08 <tdaitx> * Testing mauve

 16:08 <tdaitx> = AOB

 16:08 <tdaitx> * My beloved router is now a brick unless I manage to write directly to flash, will fetch a replacement today

 16:08 <tdaitx> (done)

 16:09 <slangasek> sil2100: removing hard-coded sector-size values> how is that going to work? is this for planning to support 4096 disks?

 16:09 <slangasek> doko:

 16:10 <barry> slangasek: LP: #1667313

 16:10 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1667313 in Ubuntu Image "Stop hard-coding sector size to 512" [Low,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1667313

 16:10 <sil2100> slangasek: not as deep like that for now, but will open up to possibilities like that in the future - for now I want to get rid of hard coding and just trust the sector size that parted gives us

 16:10 <doko> - was on vacation last Thu and Fri

 16:10 <doko> - prepare rust packaging, backports for trusty and xenial

 16:10 <doko> - toolchain updates for zesty

 16:10 <doko> - new processing, MIRs, ...

 16:10 <doko> - GCC 7 updates

 16:10 <doko> (done)

 16:10 <sil2100> slangasek: since that's what we use for all paritioning right now

 16:10 <sil2100> slangasek: but on the bug I did mention we should maybe make sector size configurable

 16:11 <cyphermox> +1

 16:12 <cyphermox> Default to a sane value and make it configurable. I'm not sure if it was with parted that we sometimes has weird behavior for 4k drives

 16:12 <sil2100> Bug for tracking: LP: #1667313

 16:12 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1667313 in Ubuntu Image "Stop hard-coding sector size to 512" [Low,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1667313

 16:13 <sil2100> Now the question would be: should this be in the gadget.yaml or an explicit option in ubuntu-image? Since to me it's more the former

 16:14 <barry> sil2100: fwiw, i commented on the bug with my thoughts

 16:15 <tdaitx> btw, if someone knows stuff that should really *not* be used in debhelper (bad idea, doesn't work/scale well, ...), I'm all ears

 16:16 <sil2100> barry: ah, I see now, thanks! :)

 16:16 <barry> short week due to usa holiday

 16:16 <slangasek> barry: your turn

 16:16 <barry> ubuntu-image: LP: #1665014; LP: #1666173; LP: #1666580; LP: #1631156; 1.0 bug triaging; LP: #1667140

 16:16 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1665014 in ubuntu-image (Ubuntu Yakkety) "SRU 0.15 tracking bug" [High,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1665014

 16:16 <barry> debuntu: LP: #1647031 - i re-cherry-picked the network-manager resolved patch, but apparently some people are still having trouble.  should discuss re-reverting for zesty; flufl.bounce 3.0 for python 3; LP: #1647204; gpgme1.0 still blocked (due to beta1 freeze?)

 16:16 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1666173 in Ubuntu Image "Failed to create an image by using ubuntu-image (0.15+snap3)" [Undecided,Invalid] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1666173

 16:16 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1666580 in Ubuntu Image "sfdisk crash when pc-boot.img is too big" [High,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1666580

 16:16 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1631156 in Ubuntu Image "flake8.extension entry point has global ramifications" [High,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1631156

 16:16 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1667140 in Ubuntu Image "Change d/tests to use -O instead of -o" [Medium,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1667140

 16:16 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1647031 in systemd "systemd-resolved’s 127.0.0.53 server does not follow CNAME records" [Unknown,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1647031

 16:16 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1647204 in gpgme1.0 (Ubuntu) "1.8.0-2 FTBFS in zesty 17.04" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1647204

 16:16 <barry> other: subiquity testing

 16:16 <barry> --done--

 16:17 <slangasek> barry: wrt > 440B mbrs... is that in the gadget.yaml spec?  It had been in one iteration when the docs were in ubuntu-image, I think

 16:18 <slangasek> and xnox is away

 16:18 <slangasek> * short week due to swap last Friday

 16:18 <slangasek> * processing of old Debian removals as of FF

 16:18 <slangasek> * worked with infinity to get the ball moving on powerpc removal

 16:18 <slangasek> * continued focus on cloud-image builds

 16:18 <slangasek> (done)

 16:18 <bdmurray> worked with mvo regarding receiving snap crashes at errors

 16:18 <bdmurray> wrote a database query to find snap reports

 16:18 <bdmurray> worked on snapping apport (crash reports being created)

 16:18 <bdmurray> discovered snappy bugs LP: #1613971, LP: #1665756

 16:18 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1613971 in Snappy "using oneshot results in failed service" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1613971

 16:18 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1665756 in Snappy "environment variable setting issue" [Undecided,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1665756

 16:18 <bdmurray> updated bug bot for 16.04.2 ISO checksums and recommends

 16:18 <bdmurray> review of foundations-bugs

 16:18 <bdmurray> submitted some MIR bugs

 16:18 <bdmurray> uploaded vlc SRU for LP: #1639750

 16:18 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1639750 in vlc (Ubuntu Xenial) "subtitle downloads hang" [Medium,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1639750

 16:18 <bdmurray> ✔ done

 16:18 <caribou> LP: #1638695 - python performance regression in Xenial

 16:18 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1638695 in python2.7 (Ubuntu) "Python 2.7.12 performance regression" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1638695

 16:19 <caribou> working with doko on this one

 16:19 <caribou> VPN reconfiguration

 16:19 <caribou> Sosreport 3.3 trusty SRU

 16:19 <caribou> Sponsor ceph and sssd SRU

 16:19 <caribou> (done)

 16:19 <slangasek> robru:

 16:19 <robru> * britney email notifications almost complete (thanks to Laney for some gpg example code)

 16:19 <robru> * some archive maintenance mentoring from cyphermox

 16:19 <robru> (done)

 16:20 <slangasek> email notifications> nice!

 16:20 <sil2100> \o/

 16:20 <slangasek> any questions over status?

 16:20 <bdmurray> robru: what does almost complete mean in terms of rollout? what will we see?

 16:20 <barry> slangasek: the bug someone saw had a proper size in the gadget.yaml but accidently produced a .img contents that was 512 bytes, so it blew up on them.  while investigating i saw an XXX comment about how we should actually check that the contents of an 'image:' specified partition should actually check that it fits in the partition size. ;)  that's the bug i'm fixing (i.e. not specifically mbr related, just any partition with contents >

 16:20 <barry> gadget.yaml specified size)

 16:21 <robru> bdmurray: the code is basically complete. all I need is to write some unit tests, and maybe iterate on the wording of the emails that get sent out (they're pretty terse at the moment). I expect to submit for code review tomorrow then roll out monday or tuesday once somebody approves it

 16:21 <gaughen> slangasek, are we done with status?

 16:21 <gaughen> that's my question about status

 16:22 <slangasek> barry: ok.  does the documentation also state that mbr is enforced to 440B?

 16:22 <slangasek> (if you don't know offhand, that's fine)

 16:22 <barry> slangasek: 446B to be exact

 16:22 <barry> slangasek: and yes, we enforce that in the parser

 16:23 <slangasek> yeah, mine was a question of the documentation

 16:23 <slangasek> anyway

 16:23 <barry> slangasek: yep, it's documented here: https://github.com/snapcore/snapd/wiki/Gadget-snap#gadget.yaml

 16:23 <slangasek> ok, great

 16:23 <slangasek> [TOPIC] AOB

 16:23 <slangasek> gaughen: your turn :)

 16:24 <gaughen> so my status less status and more questions

 16:25 <gaughen> subquity - please give feedback

 16:26 <cyphermox> Ah yes, thanks for mentioning

 16:26 <barry> slangasek: we may have to roll back that network-manager change again :(

 16:26 <barry> slangasek: and can you check if gpgme1.0 -proposed block is explicit or tied to beta 1 freeze?

 16:27 <cyphermox> Barry provided some good feedback, some of it is due to the run being a dry run

 16:27 <cyphermox> And to exit subiquity : ctrl-x

 16:27 <gaughen> thanks barry!

 16:27 <barry> cyphermox: on the nm cherry pick?

 16:27 <cyphermox> No, for subiquity

 16:27 <barry> cyphermox: ah

 16:28 <cyphermox> Why revert nm again?

 16:28 <slangasek> barry: because of the DNSSEC thing?

 16:28 <gaughen> and my other question is how do we look regarding 17.04

 16:28 <barry> slangasek: yep

 16:28 <gaughen> feature freeze was last week

 16:28 <barry> slangasek: it works fine for me, but there have been reports of problems

 16:29 <slangasek> barry: you can check this directly in lp:~ubuntu-release/britney/hints-ubuntu/ for the rationale, and if it says 'block request by freeze' that always means freeze

 16:30 <barry> slangasek: ack

 16:30 <slangasek> barry: I'd really not like to roll it back yet again; maybe this is something cyphermox can look at

 16:30 <slangasek> to see if we can sort out the DNSSEC problem on the systemd-resolved side sooner?

 16:31 <barry> slangasek, cyphermox +1 - let's talk after the meeting.  i haven't had time yet to investigate, but i'm fairly confident the cherry pick went okay ;)

 16:31 <slangasek> yes, it's clear to me this is unrelated to the first issue we were backing out for

 16:31 * sil2100 needs to go and play with the cat

 16:31 <sil2100> It demands attention badly

 16:31 <sil2100> o/

 16:31 <slangasek> but gaughen asked a question

 16:32 <slangasek> how do we look regarding 17.04

 16:32 <slangasek> gaughen maybe wants to expand on this :)

 16:32 <bdmurray> we look smashing

 16:32 <barry> tremendous

 16:33 <barry> best release ever, believe me

 16:33 <slangasek> nobody has better binaries than us

 16:33 <bdmurray> we've made it great again

 16:33 <slangasek> etc

 16:33 <barry> obquote: yooge

 16:34 <slangasek> did we get where we needed to be on merges of new upstream versions from Debian before FF?

 16:34 <slangasek> I know infinity is still working on glibc

 16:34 * barry feels pretty good about the packages he's watching

 16:35 <gaughen> slangasek, any major items that still need to be done? I know about glibc

 16:35 <slangasek> gaughen: there's your answer, everybody feels good

 16:35 <gaughen> and slangasek you've been doing package removals, do you need help?

 16:36 <gaughen> is there any other sorts of things like that which needs to be done now

 16:36 <bdmurray> I'd like to help removing packages

 16:36 <doko> dpkg merge?

 16:36 <slangasek> I'm done with the removals that I think were reasonable for this cycle

 16:36 <gaughen> slangasek, everbody = barry?

 16:36 <doko> and decisions about pie on arm64?

 16:36 <slangasek> and we talked about wanting a report view of process-removals output (bdmurray?)

 16:36 <doko> although again a bit late for this cycle

 16:37 <slangasek> doko: infinity mentioned dpkg merge in his email; I'm not sure there's any justification for doing that as an FFe though

 16:37 <doko> probably not

 16:37 <bdmurray> slangasek: is there a time to have it done by for it to be useful this cycle?

 16:38 <slangasek> pie on arm64> I still have the action to follow up with andrewc, we should get an answer on the overall strategy but I think we can safely assume it's not critical for 17.04

 16:39 <bdmurray> it'd be helpful if xnox looked at bug 1651623

 16:39 <slangasek> bdmurray: I think it provides some utility at any point ... scanning the list for "stale and ancient things without revdeps that could be removed" can be done whenever someone has a free moment

 16:39 <ubottu> bug 1651623 in apport (Ubuntu Yakkety) "adt tests fail on zesty for apport" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1651623

 16:40 <bdmurray> the upstream maintainer of unattended-upgrades hasn't merged a couple of my patches, I guess I should just stick them in zesty now?

 16:40 <barry> slangasek: looks like gpgme1.0 is listed in the freeze file.  is there any record of the rationale for that?

 16:40 <slangasek> barry: any rationale is listed in comments in that file

 16:41 <barry> the only comment in that file says "# generate-freeze-block ubuntukylin ..."

 16:41 <barry> then "block a11y-..."

 16:41 <slangasek> barry: essentially, though, our freezes are governed by momentum, where we continue to apply the same process we always have even though this is now opt-in and it penalizes flavors that have opted out but are /derived from/ by flavors that opt in (namely, ubuntu-desktop -> ubuntukylin)

 16:41 <slangasek> yes, the comment tells you which flavors are frozen for

 16:42 <slangasek> from there you can look at the Task: field on the binary package to see which flavor is directly responsible, if you care

 16:42 <slangasek> but if it's in the freeze file, it's because it's part of a milestone freee

 16:43 <barry> slangasek: cool, that's what i wanted to know.  and that's fine, we can wait until after milestone freeze is lifted (or if prudent, just say it's too late for zesty, or do a ffe)

 16:43 <slangasek> barry: wait for what exactly?

 16:44 <slangasek> barry: anything that's uploaded to zesty-proposed today is already a candidate for inclusion and doesn't need an FFe

 16:44 <barry> it was uploaded several days ago

 16:44 <slangasek> yes, I'm saying if it's *in* -proposed today, there's nothing you should be filing an FFe about unless you should have filed one before you uploaded it

 16:45 <slangasek> but filing the FFe or not has no effect on whether the package will make it into the release from -proposed

 16:45 <barry> cool

 16:46 <slangasek> there is, in any case, a lot of work to be done to work through the set of packages blocked in -proposed

 16:46 <barry> yep

 16:46 <slangasek> (not gpgme1.0, that will go in as soon as the freeze lifts, which should be today)

 16:46 <slangasek> ok - anything else today?

 16:47 <barry> cool.  yeah, fixing that package's build problems on arm, etc. was, um, fun

 16:47 <slangasek> unaligned access? :P

 16:47 <barry> entropy exhaustion and compiler flags (two separate problems)

 16:48 <slangasek> ah :)

 16:49 <slangasek> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)