== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting: ubuntu-server-team, 24 Oct at 16:03 &mdash; 16:14 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2017/ubuntu-meeting.2017-10-24-16.03.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Review ACTION points from previous meeting ===
The discussion about "Review ACTION points from previous meeting" started at 16:03.

  * dropping old action items. Owners can review and re-add with new items if necessary

=== Ubuntu Server Development ===
The discussion about "Ubuntu Server Development" started at 16:07.

  * ''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/BionicBeaver/ReleaseSchedule 
  * ''ACTION:'' powersj: update irc agenda with bionic links
  * ''LINK:'' https://trello.com/b/U9HhWyT0/daily-ubuntu-server 
  * Artful released last Thursday!
  * 18.04 LTS to be named Bionic Beaver

=== Server & Cloud Bugs & SRU/Pending Uploads (slashd, ddstreet) ===
The discussion about "Server & Cloud Bugs & SRU/Pending Uploads (slashd, ddstreet)" started at 16:09.

  * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-z-tracking-bug-tasks.html#ubuntu-server 
  * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-x-tracking-bug-tasks.html#ubuntu-server 
  * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-t-tracking-bug-tasks.html#ubuntu-server 
  * Business as usual for us, everything under control -> http://pastebin.ubuntu.com/25810426/

=== Weekly Updates & Questions for the Kernel Team (smb, sforshee) ===
The discussion about "Weekly Updates & Questions for the Kernel Team (smb, sforshee)" started at 16:11.


=== Open Discussion ===
The discussion about "Open Discussion" started at 16:12.

  * ''LINK:'' https://community.ubuntu.com/c/server 
  * server section on new community forum

=== Announce next meeting date, time and chair ===
The discussion about "Announce next meeting date, time and chair" started at 16:14.

  * Next meeting Tuesday, 2017-10-24 at 1600 UTC, chair will be teward if he is around



== Vote results ==




== Action items, by person ==

 * powersj
  * powersj: update irc agenda with bionic links



== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * powersj (42)
 * cpaelzer (16)
 * rbasak (4)
 * meetingology (4)
 * slashd (3)
 * smb (3)
 * rharper (1)



== Full Log ==


 16:03 <powersj> #startmeeting ubuntu-server-team

 16:03 <meetingology> Meeting started Tue Oct 24 16:03:18 2017 UTC.  The chair is powersj. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:03 <meetingology> 

 16:03 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 16:03 <powersj> #topic Review ACTION points from previous meeting

 16:03 <powersj> * nacc to write a release notes entry on ipv6 netboot (carried over)

 16:03 <powersj> * nacc to write a server guide entry on ipv6 netboot (carried over)

 16:03 <powersj> * rbasak to add maintainership info to mysql triage page (carried over)

 16:03 <powersj> * dpb1 to follow up on #1686437

 16:03 <powersj> nacc: rbasak: dpb1: updates?

 16:04 <rbasak> Please carry

 16:04 <cpaelzer> can we kill the ipv6 things?

 16:05 <cpaelzer> if not important enough to do for 6 months maybe they are not important at all compared to what we thought when adding the action

 16:05 <powersj> +1

 16:05 <cpaelzer> nacc: would you ack to just drop the actions?

 16:05 <rharper> o/

 16:05 <cpaelzer> reality is catching up with is here, so why not resolving it that way instead of checking every week

 16:06 <powersj> I agree, would rather us have a good solid list of things to do especially for the LTS

 16:06 <powersj> versus carry over week after week

 16:06 <rbasak> Sure, you can drop mine too.

 16:06 <rbasak> I need to do a mass catchup on MySQL, but haven't got to it yet.

 16:07 <rbasak> When I do, I'll try to remember to do the wiki triage page too.

 16:07 * cpaelzer waves the broom

 16:07 <cpaelzer> I keep adding bugs to the triage tag

 16:07 <powersj> #info dropping old action items. Owners can review and re-add with new items if necessary

 16:07 <powersj> moving on

 16:07 <powersj> #topic Ubuntu Server Development

 16:07 <powersj> https://wiki.ubuntu.com/BionicBeaver/ReleaseSchedule

 16:07 <powersj> #action powersj: update irc agenda with bionic links

 16:07 * meetingology powersj: update irc agenda with bionic links

 16:07 <powersj> #link https://trello.com/b/U9HhWyT0/daily-ubuntu-server

 16:08 <powersj> #info Artful released last Thursday!

 16:08 <powersj> #info 18.04 LTS to be named Bionic Beaver

 16:08 <powersj> anything to add about bionic?

 16:09 <cpaelzer> zombeaver

 16:09 <cpaelzer> sorry, could not resist

 16:09 <powersj> :P

 16:09 <powersj> ok moving on then

 16:09 <powersj> #topic Server & Cloud Bugs & SRU/Pending Uploads (slashd, ddstreet)

 16:09 <powersj> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-z-tracking-bug-tasks.html#ubuntu-server

 16:09 <powersj> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-x-tracking-bug-tasks.html#ubuntu-server

 16:09 <slashd> Business as usual for us, everything under control -> http://pastebin.ubuntu.com/25810426/

 16:09 <powersj> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-t-tracking-bug-tasks.html#ubuntu-server

 16:09 <cpaelzer> That percona bug is on a daily iteration between niedbalski and me

 16:10 <powersj> #info Business as usual for us, everything under control -> http://pastebin.ubuntu.com/25810426/

 16:10 <cpaelzer> I know it has been some time but we get closer

 16:10 <slashd> cpaelzer, thanks for your help on this btw, we appreciate it

 16:10 <cpaelzer> yw

 16:10 <powersj> slashd: thanks for update!

 16:10 <cpaelzer> I'm just rbasak2 in this case

 16:11 <powersj> #topic Weekly Updates & Questions for the Kernel Team (smb, sforshee)

 16:11 <slashd> thanks rbasak as well ;)

 16:11 <smb> The beaver just showed its head, so really nothing that could be told as news. Would there be questions?

 16:11 <cpaelzer> smb: hey new release - you know the question

 16:11 <cpaelzer> smb: what will the kernel be?

 16:11 <cpaelzer> 4.15?

 16:11 <smb> a Linux one

 16:11 <cpaelzer> Hurd-beaver

 16:12 <smb> cpaelzer, but yeah most likely 4.15 but don't blame me if it is not

 16:12 <powersj> *slow clap to both answers*

 16:12 <powersj> any other questions for kernel folks?

 16:12 <powersj> #topic Open Discussion

 16:13 <powersj> anyone got anything?

 16:13 <powersj> As a heads up we do have a section on the new community forums

 16:13 <powersj> # linkhttps://community.ubuntu.com/c/server

 16:13 <powersj> ugh let me try that again

 16:13 <powersj> #link https://community.ubuntu.com/c/server

 16:13 <powersj> #info server section on new community forum

 16:14 <powersj> last call

 16:14 <powersj> #topic Announce next meeting date, time and chair

 16:14 <powersj> #info Next meeting Tuesday, 2017-10-24 at 1600 UTC, chair will be teward if he is around

 16:14 <powersj> cheers

 16:14 <powersj> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)