== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team, 03 Aug at 15:06 &mdash; 15:28 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2017/ubuntu-meeting.2017-08-03-15.06.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning rounds ===
The discussion about "Lightning rounds" started at 15:06.


=== http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-aa-incoming-bug-tasks.html ===
The discussion about "http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-aa-incoming-bug-tasks.html" started at 15:17.

  * ''LINK:'' http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0283054/ 

=== AOB ===
The discussion about "AOB" started at 15:28.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * sil2100 (22)
 * bdmurray (20)
 * gaughen (17)
 * xnox (15)
 * cyphermox (13)
 * doko (10)
 * tdaitx (10)
 * infinity (7)
 * Odd_Bloke (7)
 * rbalint (6)
 * fginther (5)
 * rcj (5)
 * philroche (4)
 * meetingology` (3)
 * ubottu (3)
 * meetingology (2)
 * chiluk (1)



== Full Log ==


 15:06 <gaughen> #startmeeting Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team

 15:06 <meetingology`> Meeting started Thu Aug  3 15:06:29 2017 UTC.  The chair is gaughen. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 15:06 <meetingology`> 

 15:06 <meetingology`> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 15:06 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Aug  3 15:06:29 2017 UTC.  The chair is gaughen. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 15:06 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 15:06 <cyphermox> gaughen: http://people.ubuntu.com/~cyphermox/meetings/foundations.html

 15:06 <gaughen> #topic Lightning rounds

 15:07 <gaughen> echo $(shuf -e slangasek bdmurray xnox tdaitx doko sil2100 rbalint infinity cyphermox mwhudson rcj philroche Odd_Bloke tribaal fginther)

 15:07 <gaughen> Odd_Bloke philroche doko rbalint tribaal mwhudson sil2100 infinity tdaitx bdmurray xnox slangasek cyphermox rcj fginther

 15:07 <gaughen> Odd_Bloke, you're up

 15:07 <Odd_Bloke> * Contributed a Jinja2 templating backend to jenkins-job-builder

 15:08 <Odd_Bloke> * Worked on revamping GCE cloud image publication

 15:08 <Odd_Bloke> * Other cloud build system stuff

 15:08 <xnox> * fixed astroid in artful

 15:08 <Odd_Bloke> * Something something coffee beer

 15:08 <Odd_Bloke> next

 15:08 <Odd_Bloke> philroche:

 15:08 <gaughen> philroche, it's you

 15:08 <philroche> - Automated promotion

 15:08 <philroche> - clean up of old builds

 15:09 <philroche> (done)

 15:09 <philroche> rbalint:

 15:09 <gaughen> doko, you got words for us?

 15:09 <doko> - perl transition and no-change rebuilds

 15:09 <doko> - addressing more binutils 2.29 regressions

 15:09 <doko> - addressed ocaml fix on arm64

 15:09 <doko> - GCC 7.2 release candidate

 15:09 <doko> - cross compiler updates

 15:09 <doko> - traveled to DebCamp/DebConf

 15:09 <doko> - will be in Montreal until end of next week

 15:09 <doko> - will start the GCC 7 transition tomorrow ...

 15:09 <doko> - openjdk 9 update

 15:09 <doko> (done)

 15:09 <rbalint> * short week again :-(

 15:09 <rbalint> * started libevent transition in Debian and Ubuntu, now at 88% in Ubuntu

 15:09 <rbalint> * http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/transitions/html/html/libevent-2.1.html

 15:09 <rbalint> * fixed libevent transition related bugs

 15:09 <rbalint> * further fixes for unattended-upgrades

 15:09 <rbalint> (done)

 15:09 <gaughen> sil2100, it's you!

 15:10 <sil2100> Ohhh

 15:10 <sil2100> - Hate hot summer weeks, productivity lowered

 15:10 <sil2100> - Kernel SRU reviews (multiple linux-azure versions)

 15:10 <sil2100> - DMB meeting, discussions regarding quorum and attendence rates

 15:10 <sil2100> - Helping out with some packaging advice for the STS team

 15:10 <sil2100> - ubuntu-image:

 15:10 <sil2100> * Fix up issues with the hook mechanism being stupid, correcting tests

 15:10 <sil2100> * Reviews and code-advice for Gary working on the ubuntu-image for classic bits

 15:10 <sil2100> - 16.04.3:

 15:10 <sil2100> * Queue reviews

 15:10 <sil2100> * Prepared the changes list, sorted and cleaned up

 15:10 <sil2100> * Tested mythbuntu, ubuntu-gnome iso's

 15:10 <sil2100> - Patch pilot session, sponsored stuff for budgie, forced syncs, looked into merges

 15:10 <sil2100> - Tested the google-cloud-sdk in artful-proposed, poked Google for SRU testing

 15:10 <sil2100> - Fixed my bugmail gmail filters

 15:10 <sil2100> - Endorsed Balint's core-dev application

 15:10 <sil2100> - KPIs:

 15:10 <sil2100> * Fixed the sru-metrics and got it merged

 15:10 <sil2100> * Added the fancy graphs on grafana, learned from Brian all the final bits

 15:10 <sil2100> (done)

 15:10 <gaughen> infinity

 15:11 <infinity> * Xenial 16.04.3 work all week, pushing to mirrors, announcement soon.

 15:11 <infinity> * Working with Andy to get the artful kernel moving.

 15:11 <infinity> * General AA/SRU tasks.

 15:11 <infinity> (done)

 15:11 <gaughen> tdaitx

 15:11 <tdaitx> * one security update in openjdk 8u141 had a regression; confirmed that we were affected by it, confirmed that 8u144 fixed that, updated, packaged, retested and then provided it to the security team; already released for Zesty and Xenial

 15:11 <tdaitx> * packaged 8u144 for Debian + aarch32 hotspot (mostly while waiting for the openjdk-7 builds)

 15:11 <tdaitx> - aarch32 required a few additional patches to the root and jdk modules

 15:11 <tdaitx> - fixed libarch to use jre/lib/arm instead of jre/lib/aarch32

 15:11 <tdaitx> - tested nopch builds on Trusty to get less g++-4.8 segfaults on arm64, so the build eventually pass after a few retries

 15:11 <tdaitx> - tried to get a core file from the builder for such segfaults, no such luck

 15:11 <tdaitx> - tested pch builds on artful; Xenial and Zesty are next

 15:11 <tdaitx> * openjdk-7 still failing the build with the security backport

 15:11 <tdaitx> (done)

 15:11 <tdaitx> bdmurray, go go go

 15:11 <bdmurray> review of sil2100's SRU count KPI PR

 15:11 <bdmurray> review of odd_bloke's rls-** counter KPI PR

 15:11 <bdmurray> studied Ubuntu Server KPI setup documentation

 15:11 <bdmurray> learned about canonical-server jenkins-jobs and its relation to metrics

 15:12 <bdmurray> submitted PR re metrics README.md and juju setup

 15:12 <bdmurray> submitted/merged PR re metric of age of SRUs and corresponding jenkins-job

 15:12 <bdmurray> updated Server KPI setup documention re: jenkins-jobs

 15:12 <bdmurray> SRU team work

 15:12 <bdmurray> discussion with tdaitx regarding apport-package crash creation

 15:12 <bdmurray> investigation into / manual retracing of failed LP retracer retraces

 15:12 <bdmurray> review of testing documentation regarding deleting metrics from prometheus

 15:12 <bdmurray> review of Certbot SRU special policy

 15:12 <bdmurray> HIGHLIGHT: wrote a blog post re: testing unsupported release upgrade paths

 15:12 <bdmurray> ✔ done

 15:12 <bdmurray> xnox: your turn

 15:12 <gaughen> xnox,

 15:12 <xnox> Debugging and fixing systemd adt tests, making them more reliable.

 15:12 <xnox> Fixing degraded boots in lxd containers.

 15:12 <xnox> Fixing s390-tools / util-linux  conflict.

 15:12 <xnox> Writing up WSL docs.

 15:12 <xnox> Filing many removal bugs, to drop u8 packages.

 15:12 <xnox> Tested s390x 16.04.3 it's fine.

 15:12 <xnox> Fix network-console for compat with ssh sandbox.

 15:12 <xnox> Cleaned up RAX bugs / salesforce.

 15:12 <xnox> Off to debconf on Sunday.

 15:13 <xnox> done.

 15:13 <cyphermox> my turn then?

 15:13 <cyphermox> artful:

 15:13 <cyphermox> - Fixing tasksel tasks being shadowed by Debian's (print-server mainly) (bug LP: #1624519)

 15:13 <cyphermox> - discussed netplan/systemd/etc. device states and wait-online

 15:13 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1624519 in tasksel (Ubuntu Artful) "Debian-defined tasks override Ubuntu-defined ones" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1624519

 15:13 <cyphermox> - investigating util-linux vs. nplan ADT test failures on i386

 15:13 <cyphermox> - update-secureboot-policy automated signing

 15:13 <cyphermox> ±other stuff:

 15:13 <cyphermox> - [HIGHLIGHT] blogged on Secure Boot signing (how-to)

 15:14 <cyphermox> - upstream shim bugfixing

 15:14 <cyphermox> - verifying ubiquity SRU (oem-config mangling resolvconf) (bug LP: #1646585)

 15:14 <cyphermox> (done)

 15:14 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1646585 in Nvidia "oem-config replaces /etc/resolv.conf symlink with a hard file" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1646585

 15:14 <rcj> rcj:

 15:14 <rcj> - Automated cloud-image promotion

 15:14 <rcj> - New GCE publication design review

 15:14 <rcj> - coffee coffee breakfast taco

 15:14 <rcj> done

 15:14 <fginther> * Fix publication of trusty vagrant images

 15:14 <fginther> * Automated image publication workflow improvements

 15:14 <fginther> * Only publish daily download images for valid candidates

 15:14 <fginther> done

 15:14 <fginther> done:done

 15:14 <gaughen> any questions on any of the info above?

 15:15 <sil2100> D O N E

 15:15 <gaughen> so done

 15:15 <sil2100> Thunder dome?

 15:16 <Odd_Bloke> Thunder done.

 15:17 <infinity> Thunder pants?

 15:17 <cyphermox> chocolate thunda.

 15:17 <gaughen> #topic http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-aa-incoming-bug-tasks.html

 15:17 <infinity> http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0283054/

 15:17 <bdmurray> bug 1707880 - xnox why incoming and not tracking for that?

 15:17 <ubottu> bug 1707880 in debhelper (Ubuntu Zesty) "newly installed additional units are not started on upgrade" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1707880

 15:18 <xnox> bdmurray, i think i got confused w.r.t. which tags should be used.

 15:18 <xnox> bdmurray, imho this is something we must fix, if not generically in debhelper; then at least specifically in apt.

 15:18 <xnox> what tag is that?

 15:19 <bdmurray> xnox: its not a tag but adding a release task

 15:19 <xnox> updated

 15:19 <chiluk> infinity .. thanks for that.

 15:20 <bdmurray> xnox: And what about these other couple of systemd ones you added?

 15:20 <infinity> chiluk: It's a great film.

 15:26 <bdmurray> given that the test failures are blocking the package from moving out of -proposed I think we should target them to the release

 15:26 <gaughen> agreed

 15:27 <bdmurray> that's it for the new aa-incoming bugs

 15:28 <gaughen> #topic AOB

 15:28 <gaughen> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)