== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting: DMB, 19 Jun at 19:06 &mdash; 19:55 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2017/ubuntu-meeting.2017-06-19-19.06.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Review of previous action items ===
The discussion about "Review of previous action items" started at 19:06.


=== Board business ===
The discussion about "Board business" started at 19:09.

  * ''LINK:'' https://launchpad.net/~developer-membership-board/+members says he's current, until 4 August?
  * ''ACTION:'' rbasak, bdmurray and sil2100 to ask absent DMB members if they want to continue being part of the DMB

=== Any other business ===
The discussion about "Any other business" started at 19:54.




== Vote results ==




== Action items, by person ==

 * bdmurray
  * rbasak, bdmurray and sil2100 to ask absent DMB members if they want to continue being part of the DMB
 * rbasak
  * rbasak, bdmurray and sil2100 to ask absent DMB members if they want to continue being part of the DMB
 * sil2100
  * rbasak, bdmurray and sil2100 to ask absent DMB members if they want to continue being part of the DMB



== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * sil2100 (46)
 * bdmurray (29)
 * rbasak (22)
 * cyphermox (11)
 * meetingology (4)
 * jbicha (4)



== Full Log ==


 19:06 <sil2100> #startmeeting DMB

 19:06 <meetingology> Meeting started Mon Jun 19 19:06:18 2017 UTC.  The chair is sil2100. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 19:06 <meetingology> 

 19:06 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 19:06 <sil2100> #topic Review of previous action items

 19:07 <sil2100> I don't think we have too many of those, on the agenda I only see the one action from rbasak regarding Aron's request

 19:07 <sil2100> rbasak: did that get resolved in the end?

 19:07 <rbasak> I just followed up. I propose that we consider my action item done now, unless happyaron replies?

 19:07 <rbasak> (in which case we can pick it up as new work again)

 19:08 <sil2100> Ok

 19:08 <sil2100> Since we don't have anything else, let's move on

 19:08 <bdmurray> Works fo me

 19:09 <sil2100> #topic Board business

 19:09 <sil2100> A separate topic for that, I guess we're currently officially missing one person in the DMB

 19:09 <sil2100> Like, from the required 7-people

 19:10 <sil2100> + some others stopped attending

 19:10 <bdmurray> That's true we never received nominations when I sent the 2nd call out.

 19:10 <sil2100> cyphermox: did you want to re-apply?

 19:10 <cyphermox> yes

 19:10 <sil2100> ...you're in! DONE, let's go home

 19:11 <sil2100> Kidding, but yeah, in this case we only have one candidate, so I guess no voting here is needed?

 19:11 <bdmurray> rbasak: One idea we discussed at our sprint was reducing the number of members.

 19:11 <bdmurray> sil2100: but Adam's membership expires shortly

 19:12 <sil2100> We're anyway operating usually with 4-5 people

 19:12 <rbasak> bdmurray: wouldn't that make our lack of average attendance worse? Or is it really to reduce quorum?

 19:12 <rbasak> In which case, perhaps we should reduce quorum while keeping the membership size the same?

 19:12 <rbasak> (we might have to ask the TB for that)

 19:13 <sil2100> We could, but as said we anyway basically have 4-5 active board members

 19:14 <sil2100> And there doesn't seem to be much interest from other people to join the DMB

 19:14 <bdmurray> I guess its really to reduce quorum but we also have a few members who don't make meetings often.

 19:14 <sil2100> At least from the recent call for nominations

 19:14 <bdmurray> Is it worth keeping them on?

 19:15 <rbasak> Perhaps we should ask them. I appreciate the effort to try to sort this out, but I'm not sure that reducing the size of the DMB will help, as in the long term that just means that we have a smaller pool to try to find quorum from.

 19:15 <rbasak> OTOH, as you point out, we may not have much choice.

 19:16 <rbasak> But in that case, perhaps we can just leave some seats vacant, with a reduced quorum?

 19:16 <bdmurray> Leave them vacant with a permanent "help wanted" sign?

 19:17 <rbasak> Perhaps, yes. I haven't thought through possible consequences of this mind.

 19:18 <rbasak> And we could also ask the absent members if they want to step down, which would reduce our quorum (depending on its exact definition, but I think all would consider not counting vacant seats reasonable).

 19:18 <bdmurray> Okay, so we don't have quorum now in this meeting so I think the first bit of work should be getting cyphermox re-added for some period of time.

 19:18 <sil2100> Should we write down an action item for that?

 19:18 <rbasak> https://launchpad.net/~developer-membership-board/+members says he's current, until 4 August?

 19:19 <sil2100> Oh, indeed, wait, but we saw him being expired right?

 19:19 <bdmurray> Oh somebody sync'ed up him with Adam.

 19:19 <sil2100> I guess that's sorted out then..?

 19:20 <sil2100> I wonder who though

 19:20 <bdmurray> Not for long...

 19:20 <bdmurray> So which members should we reach out to?

 19:20 <rbasak> All those not here, IMHO.

 19:21 <sil2100> +1

 19:21 <rbasak> (which would then cover everyone)

 19:21 <sil2100> Who would like to get this action item?

 19:21 <bdmurray> If there are 3 people then 3 people can take it.

 19:22 <bdmurray> Rather than giving 1 person all the work lets divy it up.

 19:22 <sil2100> #action rbasak, bdmurray and sil2100 to ask absent DMB members if they want to continue being part of the DMB

 19:22 * meetingology rbasak, bdmurray and sil2100 to ask absent DMB members if they want to continue being part of the DMB

 19:22 <rbasak> ack

 19:23 <sil2100> Should I go and ask infinity maybe? Although I think I already can guess his answer

 19:26 <cyphermox> sil2100: bdmurray: infinity synced my expiration to his.

 19:26 <sil2100> Even with this covered we really need to discuss what next - maybe there will be more interest in a wider call for nominations? Maybe we should announce that somewhere else as well? bdmurray did you send it to the devel ML too?

 19:26 <sil2100> cyphermox: ah, ok

 19:26 <bdmurray> It made it to the fridge and stuff

 19:29 <bdmurray> rbasak: Could you draft an argument for why we should reduce quorum and keep the member count at 7?

 19:30 <rbasak> OK

 19:30 <bdmurray> At one point in time I thought someone mentioned you didn't *need* to be a core-dev to be on the dmb.

 19:30 <rbasak> I do recall that. Though I am dubious at the proposition TBH.

 19:31 <bdmurray> rbasak: The TB just reduced their member count IIRC - so maybe there's a reson for that.

 19:31 <rbasak> IIRC the TB reduced to become odd without sabdfl for draw-breaking purposes.

 19:32 <bdmurray> cyphermox, sil2100: Do you have an opinion on non core-devs in the DMB? My thought was if its okay we might get more applicants.

 19:33 <bdmurray> I'm not saying I'm in favor of it though.

 19:33 <sil2100> hm, wasn't it like that?

 19:33 <cyphermox> well the usual point was that not being a core-dev, you weren't as much in a position to evaluate on things you haven't necessarily done before

 19:33 <sil2100> I remember someone mentioning being part of the DMB while being MOTU

 19:33 <cyphermox> but I'm not sure even opening it to all developers will necessarily improve the response to calls for nominations

 19:34 <cyphermox> I think we've already been working with MOTUs and core-devs in the DMB in the past, it was never "just core-devs"

 19:35 <sil2100> I have no strong opinion here, but I would like someone to have at least MOTU privilages personally

 19:36 <sil2100> Although core-devs seem to be the best fit for board members, especially as per what cyphermox said

 19:36 <bdmurray> That's enough of a consensus for me then.

 19:37 <cyphermox> there's nothing wrong with not being in the core-dev or MOTU teams and being on the DMB per se

 19:37 <cyphermox> the idea is that those who evaluate applicants should be trusted, contributing members of the developer community (and that's why we submit DMB applicants to vote by the developer community at large)

 19:38 <rbasak> It's possibly not up to us anyway, but the TB.

 19:38 <cyphermox> the "knowing what you're talking about part" is kind of a side-effect of being able to get the votes to be elected.

 19:39 <rbasak> ...except when we can't get enough nominations for the seats available.

 19:39 <jbicha> I wasn't here earlier in the meeting, have you gotten any nominations yet?

 19:39 <cyphermox> in that context, we don't have much choice but to reduce numbers, or do away with the DMB altogether and let the TB deal with the applications

 19:39 <bdmurray> jbicha: No, we didn't really.

 19:40 <sil2100> jbicha: are you interested in nominating yourself?

 19:40 <jbicha> I was thinking about applying; I guess my biggest hesitation was the 2 year committment

 19:41 <bdmurray> That's only 52 meetings if that

 19:41 <jbicha> lol

 19:41 <bdmurray> We won't expect you on holidays

 19:42 <jbicha> ok, I'll go ahead and put my self-nomination in, probably later today

 19:43 <rbasak> Thanks!

 19:43 <sil2100> jbicha: thanks!

 19:43 <sil2100> Ok, I guess there's not much more we can discuss here, right?

 19:43 <bdmurray> sil2100: we should clarify who is following up with the inactive members. you have infinity?

 19:44 <sil2100> bdmurray: yeah, I'll take infinity

 19:44 <bdmurray> I can talk to ben, that leaves micah.

 19:45 <rbasak> That means me I think?

 19:46 <sil2100> Once we know how many 'free seats' we'll be having we can resume our discussion on what to do next

 19:47 <sil2100> Since from expirations we'll have 2 seats free but we already have 2 candidates, so that's settled - now depending if the inactive members want to still continue or not

 19:48 <bdmurray> rbasak: you or cyphermox

 19:51 <sil2100> rbasak: will you take care of micah?

 19:52 <rbasak> ack

 19:52 <bdmurray> sil2100: cyphermox should officially nominate himself too

 19:53 <cyphermox> I did send an email weeks ago

 19:53 <cyphermox> I will send it again

 19:53 <sil2100> You did? I probably missed it, a re-send would be welcome

 19:53 <bdmurray> Was it during the 1st call or the 2nd call?

 19:53 <sil2100> We'll re-visit the situation next week

 19:53 <sil2100> I mean, next meeting

 19:53 <sil2100> Anything else for board business?

 19:54 <bdmurray> That's all I can think of.

 19:54 <sil2100> #topic Any other business

 19:55 <sil2100> I guess no other business as well?

 19:55 <sil2100> Let's call it a day then

 19:55 <sil2100> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)