== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 31 Aug at 15:02 &mdash; 15:27 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2017/ubuntu-meeting.2017-08-31-15.02.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning round ===
The discussion about "Lightning round" started at 15:02.


=== Bugs ===
The discussion about "Bugs" started at 15:13.

  * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-aa-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs 

=== AOB ===
The discussion about "AOB" started at 15:24.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * slangasek (34)
 * bdmurray (24)
 * cyphermox (20)
 * sil2100 (18)
 * xnox (16)
 * doko (15)
 * ubottu (15)
 * rcj (12)
 * tdaitx (8)
 * Odd_Bloke (6)
 * Tribaal (5)
 * fginther (5)
 * infinity (4)
 * philroche (4)
 * nacc (3)
 * meetingology (3)
 * gaughen (2)



== Full Log ==


 15:02 <slangasek> #startmeeting

 15:02 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Aug 31 15:02:27 2017 UTC.  The chair is slangasek. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 15:02 <meetingology> 

 15:02 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 15:02 <slangasek> [TOPIC] Lightning round

 15:03 <fginther> o/

 15:03 <slangasek> $ echo $(shuf -e slangasek bdmurray xnox tdaitx doko sil2100 rbalint infinity cyphermox mwhudson rcj philroche Odd_Bloke tribaal fginther)

 15:03 <slangasek> tdaitx Odd_Bloke mwhudson doko philroche infinity fginther xnox sil2100 rcj cyphermox rbalint bdmurray slangasek tribaal

 15:03 <slangasek> and go!

 15:03 <tdaitx> wut

 15:03 <tdaitx> * Some additional investigation on LP: #1710674

 15:03 <tdaitx> - still not enough information to proceed

 15:03 <tdaitx> * Adding LXD remote support to autopkgtest + better proxy checks

 15:03 <tdaitx> - works, but its own autopkgtests are failing

 15:03 <tdaitx> * Investigating Libreoffice autopkgtest failure

 15:03 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1710674 in openjdk-8 (Ubuntu) "Segmentation fault in os::write_memory_serialize_page " [Undecided,Incomplete] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1710674

 15:03 <tdaitx> * OpenJDK 9 rc1 build (need to check for regressions on the buildlog)

 15:03 <tdaitx> (done)

 15:03 <Odd_Bloke> * Extended weekend to migrate to the UK; here for the week, off next week and a bit of the following

 15:04 <Odd_Bloke> * Worked on migrating to xenial slaves for our Jenkins

 15:04 <Odd_Bloke> * Continued work on GCE publication/testing migration (largely blocked by the above)

 15:04 <Odd_Bloke> * Investigation with xnox of why Intel artful dailies aren't SSH'able in ScalingStack

 15:04 <Odd_Bloke> mwhudson:

 15:04 <Odd_Bloke> doko:

 15:04 <doko> - binutils update fixing one regression

 15:04 <doko> - gcc-7 update fixing regressions

 15:04 <doko> - glibc merge to build with current artful

 15:04 <doko> - python 2.7.14 release candidate

 15:04 <doko> - python 3.5 and python 3.6 update pending

 15:04 <doko> - working on removing the _fpectl module in python 2/3

 15:04 <doko> - cleaned up the NEW queue for source uploads, except for calc-stats ...

 15:04 <doko> - worked on some MIRs

 15:04 <doko> - prepare python 2.7 SRU for xenial

 15:04 <doko> (done)

 15:04 <philroche> - New build environment automated promotion work

 15:04 <doko> and autopkg testers are now busy ...

 15:05 <philroche> - New build environment bug fixes

 15:05 <philroche> - Partner meetings and partner meeting prep

 15:05 <philroche> (done)

 15:05 <infinity> Short/slow week due to extended illness:

 15:05 <infinity> * Some general AA tasks.

 15:05 <infinity> * glibc 2.26 now building locally (modulo one hungarian locale test failing?), will get tests running on all arches after I've slept a bit.

 15:05 <infinity> (done)

 15:05 <gaughen> doko, seeing the comment on the MIRs reminds me.. is nacc all setup with doing MIR reviews now?

 15:05 <nacc> gaughen: nope :)

 15:05 <doko> cyphermox: ^^^

 15:05 <fginther> * Continued library development to facilitate automated publication

 15:05 <fginther> * Completed fix for a partner issue

 15:05 <fginther> * Working with support on other partner issues.

 15:05 <slangasek> infinity: any reason not to throw 2.26 to the ppa now?

 15:05 <fginther> done

 15:06 <slangasek> xnox:

 15:06 <cyphermox> nacc: omg!

 15:06 <xnox> * short week, holiday friday-monday

 15:06 <xnox> * qt transition

 15:06 <xnox> * ocaml transition

 15:06 <xnox> * systemd fall outs

 15:06 <xnox> * zesty systemd sru in-progress, with xenial sru to follow up

 15:06 <xnox> * subiquity i18n setup bits

 15:06 <xnox> * EOF

 15:06 <nacc> cyphermox: completely my fault

 15:06 <sil2100> - Short week, got back from holidays on Monday

 15:06 <sil2100> - Handling Beta 1 - reading up on release tools, prepping commands, waiting for one last flavour

 15:06 <sil2100> - ubuntu-image:

 15:06 <sil2100> * Changes to the hook API branch as per Chris's suggestions

 15:06 <sil2100> * Reviewing final version of the subcommand branch, requesting fixes, merging

 15:06 <sil2100> * Syncing up on further work on classic images

 15:06 <nacc> gaughen: cyphermox: doko: I'll take an action to get that in order

 15:07 <sil2100> * Brief look of the new ClassicBuilder bits

 15:07 <sil2100> - DMB meeting

 15:07 <sil2100> - Adding linux-gcp + meta to the kernel packageset

 15:07 <sil2100> - Pushing xnox's xenial fix for sbuild ADT failures to zesty

 15:07 <sil2100> - Releasing new kernels to -updates

 15:07 <sil2100> - New kernel SRU cycle reviews

 15:07 <sil2100> - Regular SRU reviews and releases

 15:07 <sil2100> - Patch pilot session

 15:07 <sil2100> (done)

 15:07 <rcj> rcj:

 15:07 <rcj> * vacation

 15:07 <rcj> * attended cloud-init summit

 15:07 <rcj> * fixing trusty build failures for grub2-efi change

 15:07 <rcj> - https://code.launchpad.net/~rcj/vmbuilder/automated-ec2-builds/+merge/329963

 15:08 <rcj> * cloud image automated promotiom metadata name review

 15:08 <rcj> (done)

 15:08 <cyphermox> artful:

 15:08 <rcj> cyphermox: Can you give that ^ MP a look?

 15:08 <cyphermox> - Prepare shim upload for release 12

 15:08 <cyphermox> - multiple small fixes in shim build process for upstream changes

 15:08 <cyphermox> - isc-dhcp fix for search domains + SRU (bug LP: #1713747)

 15:08 <cyphermox> - debugging cryptswap bug LP: #1713722

 15:08 <cyphermox> xenial:

 15:08 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1713747 in isc-dhcp (Ubuntu Xenial) "missing DOMAINSEARCH in initramfs output files if the DHCP server doesn't provide one" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1713747

 15:08 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1713722 in cryptsetup (Ubuntu) "System fails to start encrypted swap on boot on an encrypted home installation" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1713722

 15:08 <cyphermox> - prepare netplan 0.26 SRU

 15:08 <cyphermox> trusty:

 15:08 <cyphermox> - grub2/shim SRU discussion

 15:08 <cyphermox> other stuff:

 15:08 <cyphermox> - Review ubuntu-mate slideshow update

 15:08 <cyphermox> - translation mangling for slideshows

 15:08 <cyphermox> - image testing

 15:08 <cyphermox> (done)

 15:08 <cyphermox> rcj: yup!

 15:08 <rcj> thx

 15:08 <bdmurray> reported crashes I ran into LP: #1712896, LP: #1712837

 15:08 <bdmurray> discovered a strange retracer message w/ LP: #1712880

 15:08 <bdmurray> reported bug regarding apport's pocket prioritization (LP: #1713561)

 15:08 <bdmurray> resolved issues with apport and incorrect obsolete pkg detection

 15:08 <bdmurray> retried of some nautilus retrace failures

 15:08 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1689863 in gnome-shell (Ubuntu) "duplicate for #1712896 gnome-shell crashed with SIGSEGV in js::GCMethods<JSObject*>::needsPostBarrier()" [Medium,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1689863

 15:08 <ubottu> Error: Launchpad bug 1712837 could not be found

 15:08 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1689863 in gnome-shell (Ubuntu) "duplicate for #1712880 gnome-shell crashed with SIGSEGV in js::GCMethods<JSObject*>::needsPostBarrier()" [Medium,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1689863

 15:08 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1713561 in Apport "packaging-apt-dpkg.py's _search_contents function guesses sources in use" [Undecided,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1713561

 15:09 <bdmurray> updated apport on the Launchpad retracer

 15:09 <bdmurray> submitted RT regarding update of apport in staging, production

 15:09 <bdmurray> tested update of apport in staging Error Tracker

 15:09 <bdmurray> sponsored A, Z powerpc-utils uploads for tdaitx LP: #1692420

 15:09 <bdmurray> sponsored Z update-manager upload for jibel LP: #1703365

 15:09 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1692420 in The Ubuntu-power-systems project "[SRU] powerpc-utils commands exhibits "command substitution: ignored null byte in input" warning message" [Medium,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1692420

 15:09 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1703365 in update-manager (Ubuntu Zesty) "/usr/bin/update-manager:AttributeError:<lambda>:on_settings_button_clicked:show_settings" [High,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1703365

 15:09 <bdmurray> reviewed cloud-init SRU exception

 15:09 <bdmurray> reviewed, merged, uploaded update-notifier support for Livepatch

 15:09 <bdmurray> reviewed update-manager support for Livepatch

 15:09 <bdmurray> irc discussion with seb128 re LP: #1697381 and LP: #1637180

 15:09 <bdmurray> enabled arm64 retracers again in daisy-retracer config

 15:09 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1697381 in update-notifier (Ubuntu) "update-notifier segfaults under wayland (trying to use xorg clipboard to see if it's already started)" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1697381

 15:09 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1637180 in update-manager (Ubuntu Artful) ""The computer needs to restart" dialog constantly eats CPU" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1637180

 15:09 <bdmurray> investigation into and set up of CIVS poll for DMB members

 15:09 <bdmurray> tested the fix for LP: #1696102 in Artful (doesn't seem fixed to me)

 15:09 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1696102 in xfsprogs (Ubuntu Zesty) "xfs/073 test fails with Metadata corruption detected on xfs file system (xfsprogs)" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1696102

 15:09 <bdmurray> ✔ done

 15:09 <bdmurray> slangasek:

 15:10 <slangasek> cyphermox: "shim upload for release 12"?

 15:10 <slangasek> * hyperv minimized image work

 15:10 <slangasek> * Qt5.9 landed; feature freeze

 15:10 <slangasek> * beta-1 shepherding this week

 15:10 <slangasek> * shepherding removal of ifupdown and resolvconf from minimal

 15:10 <slangasek> * lots of proposed-migration cleanup

 15:10 <slangasek> * off next week

 15:11 <slangasek> (done)

 15:11 <slangasek> Tribaal:

 15:11 <Tribaal> * [Highlight once it lands] Changes to the the vagrant image are up for review at https://code.launchpad.net/~tribaal/livecd-rootfs/add-vagrant-user/+merge/329598 ! New vagrant images will have a vagrant user on top of the ubuntu user.

 15:11 <Tribaal> * I blogged about our mirror deployment inside public clouds (https://tribaal.io/running-an-ubuntu-mirror-with-juju.html)

 15:11 <Tribaal> * Reviews on ubuntu-image (yay I'm starting to understand the code)

 15:11 <Tribaal> * Looking at some AWS upgrade problem for the grub config.

 15:11 <Tribaal> ✔ done

 15:11 <slangasek> any questions on status?

 15:11 <cyphermox> slangasek: it's my fault for not properly fixing up the crap I use in my time tracker

 15:12 <slangasek> cyphermox: so shim is bumping to version 12 upstream, ok

 15:12 <cyphermox> yeah

 15:12 <sil2100> Oh, highlight! Beta 1 I guess?

 15:12 <doko> infinity: I'd like to do the second test rebuild with the new glibc. when could that be done?

 15:13 <sil2100> Aaaand new kernels

 15:13 <cyphermox> the version number isn't important, the issue was updating the package for upstream changes + the merged MokManager work I did

 15:13 <doko> pff, looks like he expected my question ...

 15:13 * sil2100 is really bad at doing highlights

 15:13 <doko> ... and quit

 15:13 <slangasek> [TOPIC] Bugs

 15:14 <slangasek> [LINK] http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-aa-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 15:14 <bdmurray> seb128 brought up https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/update-notifier/+bug/1697381

 15:14 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1697381 in update-notifier (Ubuntu) "update-notifier segfaults under wayland (trying to use xorg clipboard to see if it's already started)" [High,Confirmed]

 15:14 <slangasek> looks like we have a couple things here

 15:15 <slangasek> bdmurray: yeah, we ought not have update-manager broken under wayland for 17.10

 15:15 <gaughen> LP: #1712921 - should that move on to the tracking list? I see xnox is assigned

 15:15 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1712921 in systemd (Ubuntu) "enabling networkd appears to eat up entropy" [Critical,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1712921

 15:15 <bdmurray> slangasek: update-manager was fixed, update-notifier isn't - so target it then?

 15:15 <xnox> gaughen, yeah.

 15:15 <slangasek> oh, u-n

 15:16 <slangasek> bdmurray: yeah, target it anyway; we at least don't want it generating crash dialogs

 15:16 <bdmurray> or not raising crash dialogs. ;-)

 15:16 <slangasek> that too

 15:17 <slangasek> and the other, bug #1712921

 15:17 <ubottu> bug 1712921 in systemd (Ubuntu) "enabling networkd appears to eat up entropy" [Critical,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1712921

 15:18 <bdmurray> target that one also?

 15:18 <slangasek> xnox: you set the tag on this, what were your thoughts?

 15:19 <slangasek> did enabling haveged solve openssh's entropy problem?

 15:19 <xnox> slangasek, my thoughts on it was that i'm not sure if "openssh test suite uses a lot of entropy" and that "enable networkd just pushes over the edge of evailable entropy"

 15:19 <xnox> slangasek, or if all the getrandom() calls in networkd stack to constantly generate timeouts and backouts and schedule retries actually eat real entropy a lot

 15:19 <xnox> and what priority there is.

 15:19 <xnox> slangasek, does e.g. cking or security team measure at all how much entropy we eat during steady state operation?

 15:20 <slangasek> doubtful

 15:20 <rcj> How does this look on clouds where there aren't a lot of devices to use to produce entropy (and how does it affect boot speed, are we stalling?)

 15:20 <slangasek> sounds like there's at least more investigation we should be doing this cycle, so I'll target it

 15:21 <xnox> rcj, the problem with openssh-server autopkgtest was that eventually after generating many throw away keys it will stall failing to generate three more keys to succeed the tests.

 15:21 <xnox> rcj, we "fixed" that by starting fake entropy source with haveged in the openssh autopkgtest

 15:21 <rcj> cloud-init generates 4 keys on first boot (I think that's the number)

 15:22 <xnox> nothing else has fallen out yet.

 15:22 <rcj> k

 15:22 <xnox> well, and the Intel cloud images....

 15:24 <slangasek> alrighty, I think that's it for bugs

 15:24 <slangasek> [TOPIC] AOB

 15:24 <slangasek> anything else?

 15:24 <bdmurray> I'm out tomorrow and Monday.

 15:26 <cyphermox> also out on Monday

 15:27 <slangasek> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)