== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 20 Mar at 16:30 &mdash; 16:50 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2017/ubuntu-meeting.2017-03-20-16.30.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

''LINK:'' ] https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting
''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting 
=== Weekly stand-up report ===
The discussion about "Weekly stand-up report" started at 16:31.


=== Highlighted packages ===
The discussion about "Highlighted packages" started at 16:48.

  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/python-rsa.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/gummi.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/ibm-3270.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/elog.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/most.html 

=== Miscellaneous and Questions ===
The discussion about "Miscellaneous and Questions" started at 16:48.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * tyhicks (26)
 * mdeslaur (6)
 * chrisccoulson (6)
 * jdstrand (6)
 * sbeattie (5)
 * ratliff (4)
 * meetingology (3)
 * jjohansen (3)
 * sarnold (2)



== Full Log ==


 16:30 <tyhicks> #startmeeting

 16:30 <meetingology> Meeting started Mon Mar 20 16:30:36 2017 UTC.  The chair is tyhicks. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:30 <meetingology> 

 16:30 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 16:30 <tyhicks> The meeting agenda can be found at:

 16:31 <tyhicks> [LINK]] https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting

 16:31 <tyhicks> [LINK] https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting

 16:31 <tyhicks> [TOPIC] Weekly stand-up report

 16:31 <tyhicks> jdstrand: you're up

 16:32 <mdeslaur> \o

 16:33 <jdstrand> hey

 16:33 <jdstrand> I'm focusing on catching up on email and irc today

 16:33 <jdstrand> I will be working on store reviews and snappy reviews

 16:35 <jdstrand> since I'm not through email yet, I'm not sure how much there is. if I have time, I'll work on the in progress cards assigend to me in the trello lane. specifically, k8s interface and picking up the remaining bits of seccomp arg filtering that haven't landed already

 16:35 <jdstrand> that's it for me

 16:35 <jdstrand> mdeslaur: you're up

 16:35 <mdeslaur> I'm on triage this week

 16:35 <mdeslaur> I have an embargoed issue I'm working on

 16:35 <mdeslaur> and I'm about to release freetype and gnutls26 updates

 16:35 <mdeslaur> after that, I'll be picking some more stuff from the list

 16:36 <mdeslaur> that's about it, sbeattie, you're up

 16:36 <sbeattie> I'm in the happy place this week

 16:36 <sbeattie> I have a glibc update I should be sending out later today

 16:37 <sbeattie> I have some kernel triage stuff to sort out, possibly the triage bot is a bit confused because of the kernel meta revert

 16:37 <sbeattie> Once I have glibc out the door, I'll be going down the list.

 16:37 <sbeattie> That's it for me. tyhicks?

 16:38 <tyhicks> I'm in the happy place this week

 16:38 <tyhicks> I'm testing embargoed updates

 16:39 <tyhicks> I need to sponsor nvidia driver updates

 16:39 <tyhicks> and things are finally looking good for me returning to the seccomp logging work

 16:39 <tyhicks> yay for the happy place this week

 16:39 <tyhicks> jjohansen: you're up

 16:41 <jjohansen> I've got dconf/gsettings FFe to work on (paper work mostly), apparmor upstreaming work, and need to finish updating the backport patches

 16:43 <tyhicks> sarnold: I think jjohansen is done

 16:43 <jjohansen> oh and if I can manage it, spend more time reviewing Casey's stacking patches, and plan out we are going to have to do

 16:43 <jjohansen> yeah, sarnold you're up

 16:43 <sarnold> I'm on community this week; and working on the shadow update, then finish lasso mir..

 16:44 <sarnold> that's it for me, chrisccoulson?

 16:44 <chrisccoulson> I need to get thunderbird updated this week. I also need to publish oxide updates

 16:44 <chrisccoulson> I've got to fix an ubufox compatibility issue with the next Firefox release, which shouldn't take too long

 16:45 <chrisccoulson> Also need to start to spend some time figuring out what to do with ubufox and our start page once Firefox drops support for legacy extensions

 16:46 <chrisccoulson> I made some progress reviewing oxide branches last week, which I need to finish off

 16:46 <chrisccoulson> Other than that, I'll be working on oxide as usual

 16:46 <chrisccoulson> that's me done

 16:46 <ratliff> I'm on bug triage

 16:47 <ratliff> I'm also continuing to work on vivid updates and the notification tool

 16:47 <ratliff> I have a variety of internal tasks this week also which will take some time.

 16:47 <ratliff> back to you, tyhicks

 16:48 <tyhicks> thanks!

 16:48 <tyhicks> [TOPIC] Highlighted packages

 16:48 <tyhicks> The Ubuntu Security team will highlight some community-supported packages that might be good candidates for updating and or triaging. If you would like to help Ubuntu and not sure where to start, this is a great way to do so.

 16:48 <tyhicks> See https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/UpdateProcedures for details and if you have any questions, feel free to ask in #ubuntu-security. To find out other ways of helping out, please see https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/GettingInvolved.

 16:48 <tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/python-rsa.html

 16:48 <tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/gummi.html

 16:48 <tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/ibm-3270.html

 16:48 <tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/elog.html

 16:48 <tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/most.html

 16:48 <tyhicks> [TOPIC] Miscellaneous and Questions

 16:48 <tyhicks> Does anyone have any other questions or items to discuss?

 16:50 <tyhicks> jdstrand, mdeslaur, sbeattie, jjohansen, sarnold, ChrisCoulson, ratliff: Thanks!

 16:50 <tyhicks> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)