== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 29 Jun at 15:01 &mdash; 15:45 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2017/ubuntu-meeting.2017-06-29-15.01.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning round ===
The discussion about "Lightning round" started at 15:02.


=== Bug triage ===
The discussion about "Bug triage" started at 15:22.

  * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-aa-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs 

=== AOB ===
The discussion about "AOB" started at 15:44.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * slangasek (37)
 * bdmurray (29)
 * xnox (17)
 * ubottu (16)
 * sil2100 (15)
 * chiluk (14)
 * infinity (10)
 * doko (9)
 * tdaitx (8)
 * rbalint (7)
 * rcj (7)
 * Odd_Bloke (4)
 * Tribaal (3)
 * meetingology (3)
 * philroche (2)
 * fginther (2)
 * gaughen (1)



== Full Log ==


 15:01 <slangasek> #startmeeting

 15:01 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Jun 29 15:01:45 2017 UTC.  The chair is slangasek. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 15:01 <meetingology> 

 15:01 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 15:02 <slangasek> [TOPIC] Lightning round

 15:02 <slangasek> $ echo $(shuf -e doko bdmurray slangasek infinity sil2100 cyphermox tdaitx xnox mwhudson rbalint rcj philroche Odd_Bloke Tribaal fginther)

 15:02 <slangasek> fginther mwhudson Odd_Bloke doko infinity Tribaal xnox slangasek bdmurray rcj sil2100 cyphermox philroche rbalint tdaitx

 15:02 <slangasek> aaaaand go

 15:02 * sil2100 starts running

 15:02 <fginther> nothing to speak of this week

 15:02 <fginther> done

 15:02 <slangasek> Odd_Bloke: next!

 15:03 <Odd_Bloke> I was on vacation.

 15:03 <Odd_Bloke> Very productive.

 15:03 <Odd_Bloke> done

 15:03 <Tribaal> Highlight: Refactoring a bunch of things in the build system (\o/)

 15:03 <doko> - uploaded binutils to artful (trunk), fixing fall-out

 15:03 <doko> - updated GCC 6 again, fixing kernel build issue on arm64

 15:03 <doko> - some syncs and merges

 15:03 <doko> (done)

 15:04 <infinity> * All sorts of archive cleanup, making sure uninst stays at 0 (well, currently at 1, thanks Steve)

 15:04 <infinity> * Drive NBS almost down to 0 (2 more to go)

 15:04 <infinity> * More xenial HWE X reviews (and more to come)

 15:04 <infinity> * Back-and-forth with Andy, iterating on 4.10 linux-hwe (final iteration in flight as we speak)

 15:04 <infinity> * Debug glibc autopkgtest regression with new binutils (upload pending)

 15:04 <infinity> * Some SRU processing (these brackets left intentionally blank)

 15:04 <infinity> * A bit of archive recovery when SOMEONE broke gcc (doko, it was doko)

 15:04 <infinity> * Will be off Monday for the Canada Day long weekend (drunk on maple syrup)

 15:04 <infinity> (done)

 15:05 <doko> just syrup?

 15:05 <bdmurray> Tribaal: ?

 15:06 <Odd_Bloke> When you're snorting it, syrup is all you need.

 15:06 * chiluk lurks

 15:06 <xnox> bah

 15:06 <xnox> #highlight SOTA - OCaml 4.04 transition in progress

 15:06 <xnox> Publishing WSL app, should be finally in the store soon for Insiders.

 15:06 <xnox> Starting work on subiquity, poking subiquity code / probert / booting on s390x (many bugs in infra, livefs builders, cloudimages, maas images, s390x-specific)

 15:06 <xnox> Will be looking into adding vlan support into subiquity, whilst the s390x infra bugs are fixed.

 15:06 <xnox> systemd - cve fix for artful, together with fallback fix uploaded (pending adt testing)

 15:06 <xnox> intel-microcode backport done as an SRU for zesty

 15:06 <xnox> ship laptop to replace battery - not sure if i should ever use that laptop once it comes back

 15:06 <xnox> AbEnd 0C7

 15:07 <chiluk> xnox what's the plan on the SRU for everything else?

 15:08 <chiluk> that microcode issue may not be the most pressing, but it definitely has gotten a lot of press.

 15:08 <gaughen> chiluk, would you bring me some of your amazing coffee please? I hear it's great.

 15:08 <slangasek> * discussions around team organization

 15:08 <slangasek> * preparations/discussions for 16.04.3 and linux-hwe

 15:08 <slangasek> * thinking deeply about proposed-migration issues

 15:08 <slangasek> * next week: off Mon, Tue for the Independence Day holiday

 15:08 <slangasek> (done)

 15:08 <slangasek> bdmurray:

 15:08 <bdmurray> investigation into test_core_dump_packaged apport test failure

 15:08 <bdmurray> uploaded apport test fixes for x/y/z and upstream

 15:08 <bdmurray> cleanup of processes on cranberry due to high load RT

 15:08 <chiluk> gaughen:  did you c-tab again?

 15:08 <bdmurray> merge sil2100's bugbot changes for v-done tagged bugs

 15:08 <bdmurray> bugbot: Fix sru_verification_policy_change's call to bug.newMessage

 15:08 <bdmurray> bugbot: Fix sru_verification_policy_change's comment criteria

 15:08 <bdmurray> investigation into whoopsie bug LP: #1697375

 15:08 <rcj> gaughen: Lunch tomorrow is chicken fried steak for chiluk

 15:08 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1697375 in whoopsie (Ubuntu) "crash reports are not uploaded automatically" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1697375

 15:08 <bdmurray> special SRU release of nplan for 16.04

 15:08 <bdmurray> searched for duplicates of gnome-software bug LP: #1679435

 15:08 <bdmurray> reported bug re aptdaemon's crash handler LP: #1700810

 15:08 <bdmurray> reported update-manager bug LP: #1700829 re -d switch

 15:09 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1679435 in gnome-software (Ubuntu Zesty) "GNOME Software fails to install .deb packages that trigger debconf prompts" [High,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1679435

 15:09 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1700810 in aptdaemon (Ubuntu) "aptdaemon's crash.py file may no longer be working" [Medium,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1700810

 15:09 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1700829 in update-manager (Ubuntu Artful) "-d switch doesn't accurately describe itself" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1700829

 15:09 <bdmurray> merged MP regarding some ubuntu-manual-tests typos

 15:09 <bdmurray> investigation into unattended-upgrades bug LP: #1690980

 15:09 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1690980 in OEM Priority Project "No pop-up window to warn users that system should not reboot or shutdown while installing security updates" [Critical,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1690980

 15:09 <bdmurray> ✔ done

 15:09 <rcj> rcj:

 15:09 <rcj> * mfdiff vastly upgraded, fixed, etc now with python3 support

 15:09 <rcj> http://bazaar.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-on-ec2/vmbuilder/mfdiff/revision/19

 15:09 <rcj> * lots of MP reviews

 15:09 <rcj> * started refactoring cloud-image build release automation

 15:09 <rcj> ✔ done

 15:09 <Tribaal> ohh "lots of MP reviews" too :)

 15:09 * Tribaal piggybacks

 15:09 <sil2100> - Low-productive Monday due to cold aftermath

 15:09 <sil2100> - Fixed my internal kernel SRU notification script to not spam me with e-mails on an edge case

 15:09 <sil2100> - Backporting Balint's gce-compute-image-packages to stable releases

 15:09 <slangasek> doko: hey, did you see my IRC ping some time ago about the pillow transition from experimental being stuck in -proposed?

 15:10 <sil2100> - ubuntu-image:

 15:10 <sil2100> * Prepare and test PR for fixing classic confinement

 15:10 <sil2100> * Work on the implementation spec for classic images

 15:10 <sil2100> * Reviewing some patches

 15:10 <sil2100> - SRU:

 15:10 <sil2100> * Fixed all verification-done bugs to the new standard

 15:10 <sil2100> * Sent out an announcement and ran one-shot script to inform old SRUs of the policy change

 15:10 <sil2100> * HIGHLIGHT (?): SRU bug verification rules changed

 15:10 <sil2100> - New kernel re-spin review and release

 15:10 <sil2100> - Building new images for plano ubuntu-core

 15:10 <sil2100> (done)

 15:10 <doko> slangasek: Not touching package due to block request by freeze (contact #ubuntu-release if update is needed)

 15:10 <doko> ?

 15:12 <infinity> That freeze should be lifted soon, I assume.

 15:12 <philroche> * Build system refactoring

 15:12 <philroche> done

 15:12 <rbalint> * short week

 15:12 <rbalint> * cloud-init/systemd changes https://code.launchpad.net/~rbalint/cloud-init/+git/cloud-init/+merge/326252

 15:12 <rbalint> * image minimizing LP: #1700972

 15:12 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1700972 in linux (Ubuntu) "Please only recommend or suggest initramfs-tools | linux-initramfs-tool for kernels able to boot without initramfs" [Undecided,Incomplete] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1700972

 15:12 <rbalint> * livecd-rootfs changes LP: #1700995, LP: #1701132

 15:12 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1700995 in vmdk-stream-converter (Ubuntu) "[MIR] vmdk-stream-converter" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1700995

 15:12 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1701132 in livecd-rootfs (Ubuntu) "Please use xz instead of pxz" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1701132

 15:12 <rbalint> * new upstream releases for Debian unstable with scrubbing bugs: kodi, wireshark

 15:12 <rbalint> (no highlights for now)

 15:12 <rbalint> (done)

 15:12 <tdaitx> Short week: half-day on Friday, out on Monday

 15:12 <tdaitx> +1 maintenance:

 15:12 <tdaitx> - libqmi (LP: #1699599),python-pysam (LP: #1701268), eclipse-mylyn (LP: #1652759)

 15:12 <tdaitx> Other:

 15:12 <tdaitx> - got rid of the jet lag today \o/

 15:12 <tdaitx> - curious as to why do we even carry such an old eclipse version...

 15:12 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1699599 in libqmi (Ubuntu) "libqmi 1.18.0-1 FTBFS when building against glib2.0-2.53.1-1 (or later)" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1699599

 15:12 <tdaitx> (done)

 15:12 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1701268 in python-pysam (Ubuntu) "[FTBFS] python-pysam fails to build due to htslib update" [Undecided,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1701268

 15:13 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1652759 in libcommons-lang-java (Ubuntu) "eclipse-mylyn 3.12.0-2 FTBFS (Unable to find plug-in: org.apache.commons.lang_0.0.0)" [Undecided,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1652759

 15:14 <bdmurray> I think that's everyone slangasek

 15:15 <bdmurray> chiluk: Did your question get answered?

 15:15 <chiluk> bdmurray: not really.. but I think rbasak is taking point on that one.

 15:16 <slangasek> doko: you dropped the python-imaging package, and it has revdeps

 15:16 <doko> ahh, that one. I'll have a look

 15:16 <slangasek> Any questions over status?

 15:16 <chiluk> no one is actually assigned to any of the tracks in lp 1700373

 15:16 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1700373 in intel-microcode (Ubuntu Yakkety) "intel-microcode is out of date, version 20170511 fixes errata on 6th and 7th generation platforms" [Undecided,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1700373

 15:17 <xnox> chiluk, would you like to prepare sru for the other series?

 15:17 <chiluk> Yeah I can do that.

 15:17 <slangasek> tdaitx: any fixes for those bugs in need of sponsorship?

 15:17 <xnox> chiluk, cool.

 15:17 <chiluk> although I feel like i've missed some of the conversation xnox.

 15:18 <tdaitx> slangasek, no, might need for libcommons-lang-java soon (as soon as the reverse dependencies are all re-build)

 15:18 <chiluk> xnox... we need to get it fixed at least in Xenial imho.... Trusty is a different beast altogether, but probably should get it as well.

 15:19 <slangasek> tdaitx: ok

 15:20 <slangasek> no other questions?

 15:22 <slangasek> [TOPIC] Bug triage

 15:22 <chiluk> I'm good...

 15:22 <slangasek> [LINK] http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-aa-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 15:22 <bdmurray> doko: Do you have any plans to SRU the fix for bug 1682934?

 15:22 <ubottu> bug 1682934 in python2.7 (Ubuntu) "python3 in /usr/local/bin can cause python3 packages to fail to install" [Undecided,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1682934

 15:23 <xnox> chiluk, yeah, so zesty microcode is in proposed. yakkety well, it may go eol soon enough, no?! but xenial is good.

 15:23 <doko> bdmurray: hmm, I didn't. do you want to see it there?

 15:23 <chiluk> xnox by xenial is good.. you mean that we should put it in xenial correct?

 15:23 <xnox> chiluk, trusty - microcode was in multiverse, not restricted. and it's very out of date, i do not think we should be updating it.

 15:24 <xnox> chiluk, as e.g. that microcode will break e.g. running .0 xenial containers / chroots

 15:24 <bdmurray> doko: I think so since it is causing upgrade failures.

 15:24 <chiluk> I'm in agreement with you about trusty... I think..

 15:24 <xnox> due to lock ellision bug.

 15:25 <chiluk> xnox.. i'm not privy to that bug.

 15:26 <chiluk> So let me make sure I understand this... a trusty host running xenial containers or chroots could potentially load the new microcode from the container due to a lock ellision bug?

 15:26 <bdmurray> With bug 1646739 it looks to me like it might be the issue where the debconf prompt is never presented.

 15:26 <ubottu> bug 1646739 in update-manager (Ubuntu) ""Use of uninitialized value" in debconf via update-manager" [Critical,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1646739

 15:27 <bdmurray> I feel like there are a lot of duplicates of gnome-software not supporting debconf dialogs buried in LP.

 15:27 <slangasek> well, update-manager vs. gnome-software so different package

 15:27 <slangasek> update-manager should add the Depends on libfoo-perl

 15:28 <xnox> chiluk, no

 15:28 <xnox> chiluk, false

 15:28 <bdmurray> Unfortunately, afaict there isn't a great way to figure out if it is update-manager or gnome-software calling aptdaemon.

 15:28 <slangasek> I think there is a bug open about that, bdmurray ?

 15:28 <bdmurray> slangasek: Did you see chttps://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/php7.0/+bug/1646739/comments/21

 15:28 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1646739 in update-manager (Ubuntu) ""Use of uninitialized value" in debconf via update-manager" [Critical,Confirmed]

 15:30 <slangasek> bdmurray: right, but previously both update-manager and gnome-software had the bug, so we should make sure it's fixed in the packaging for both and then maybe mark all the rest of the existing bugs as duplicates of one or the other (at random)?

 15:30 <slangasek> and then if we get new bugs, that tells us something else

 15:32 <bdmurray> slangasek: Part of the issue is that we don't know which version of u-m or g-s was in use with the given logs.

 15:32 <slangasek> right

 15:33 <slangasek> bdmurray: if we fix the update-manager deps, can we track error rates to see if it tapers off as people upgrade to the SRU?

 15:34 <bdmurray> track the rate of errors of package install failures where $reply is uninitialized?

 15:34 <slangasek> bdmurray: also, should we log a bug that aptdaemon should have something in its protocol that asks the client to identify itself, so it can be logged? :/

 15:34 <slangasek> bdmurray: yeah

 15:35 <bdmurray> slangasek: yes something with aptdaemon needs to change and maybe RelatedPackageVersions should include g-s and u-m

 15:35 <slangasek> bdmurray: there's also the other bug, where if you close the frontend GUI and aptdaemon is still running, the other end of the debconf socket is disconnected and things will break

 15:35 <slangasek> bdmurray: right

 15:36 <bdmurray> slangasek: What is the update-manager dep you are referring to?

 15:37 <slangasek> bdmurray: update-manager should depend on libgtk2-perl, independently of gnome-software and software-properties-gtk depending on it

 15:37 <bdmurray> ack

 15:39 <slangasek> bdmurray: anything else on incoming bugs?

 15:40 <bdmurray> slangasek: Not on incoming, but I could use some assistance with bug 1690980.

 15:40 <ubottu> bug 1690980 in OEM Priority Project "No pop-up window to warn users that system should not reboot or shutdown while installing security updates" [Critical,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1690980

 15:44 <slangasek> bdmurray: assigned!

 15:44 <slangasek> [TOPIC] AOB

 15:44 <slangasek> anything else?

 15:45 <slangasek> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)