== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting: ubuntu-server-team, 19 Sep at 16:01 &mdash; 16:23 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2017/ubuntu-meeting.2017-09-19-16.01.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Review ACTION points from previous meeting ===
The discussion about "Review ACTION points from previous meeting" started at 16:01.

  * ''ACTION:'' nacc to write a release notes entry on ipv6 netboot (carried over)
  * ''ACTION:'' nacc to write a server guide entry on ipv6 netboot (carried over)
  * ''ACTION:'' rbasak to add maintainership info to mysql triage page (carried over)

=== Artful Development ===
The discussion about "Artful Development" started at 16:03.

  * ''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ArtfulAardvark/ReleaseSchedule 
 * '''Current Work''' (16:03)
  * ''LINK:'' https://trello.com/b/U9HhWyT0/daily-ubuntu-server 
 * '''Release Bugs''' (16:03)
  * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-aa-tracking-bug-tasks.html#ubuntu-server 
  * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-server/+bugs 
  * ''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ZestyZapus/ReleaseNotes#Ubuntu_Server 
  * ''ACTION:'' nacc to consider http2 info in artful release notes
  * ''ACTION:'' cpaelzer to add a virt-stack release notes entry
  * ''ACTION:'' ahasenack add a release note entry on the bind9 key signing key change
  * ''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ArtfulAardvark/ReleaseNotes 
  * ''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ArtfulAardvark/ReleaseNotes 
  * ''ACTION:'' smoser to add a cloud init (and if there is something curtin) release notes entry for artful

=== Server & Cloud Bugs & SRU/Pending Uploads (slashd, ddstreet) ===
The discussion about "Server & Cloud Bugs & SRU/Pending Uploads (slashd, ddstreet)" started at 16:10.

  * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-z-tracking-bug-tasks.html#ubuntu-server 
  * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-x-tracking-bug-tasks.html#ubuntu-server 
  * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-t-tracking-bug-tasks.html#ubuntu-server 

=== Weekly Updates & Questions for the QA Team (powersj) ===
The discussion about "Weekly Updates & Questions for the QA Team (powersj)" started at 16:13.

  * ''LINK:'' https://jenkins.ubuntu.com/server/ 

=== Weekly Updates & Questions for the Kernel Team (smb, sforshee) ===
The discussion about "Weekly Updates & Questions for the Kernel Team (smb, sforshee)" started at 16:15.

  * ''LINK:'' https://launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/linux/4.13.0-11.12 

=== Upcoming Call For Papers ===
The discussion about "Upcoming Call For Papers" started at 16:18.

  * ''LINK:'' https://lwn.net/Calendar/Monthly/cfp/ 
  * ''LINK:'' https://mail.openvswitch.org/pipermail/ovs-announce/2017-September/000241.html 
  * The Open vSwitch project, a Linux Foundation Collaborative Project, will host its fourth annual conference focused on Open vSwitch and OVN on November 16 and 17, 2017, at Club Auto Sport in San Jose, California.
  * Please submit proposals to to the following URL by September 29: https://goo.gl/forms/erjZIQICXVjfUh863

=== Ubuntu Server Team Events ===
The discussion about "Ubuntu Server Team Events" started at 16:19.


=== Open Discussion ===
The discussion about "Open Discussion" started at 16:20.


=== Announce next meeting date, time and chair ===
The discussion about "Announce next meeting date, time and chair" started at 16:22.

  * Next meeting Tuesday, 2017-09-26 at 1600 UTC, chair will be rharper_sprinting



== Vote results ==




== Action items, by person ==

 * ahasenack
  * ahasenack add a release note entry on the bind9 key signing key change
 * cpaelzer
  * cpaelzer to add a virt-stack release notes entry
 * nacc
  * nacc to write a release notes entry on ipv6 netboot (carried over)
  * nacc to write a server guide entry on ipv6 netboot (carried over)
  * nacc to consider http2 info in artful release notes
 * rbasak
  * rbasak to add maintainership info to mysql triage page (carried over)
 * smoser
  * smoser to add a cloud init (and if there is something curtin) release notes entry for artful



== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * cpaelzer (83)
 * meetingology (10)
 * ahasenack (9)
 * dpb1 (8)
 * smoser (6)
 * ddstreet (5)
 * rharper (5)
 * nacc (4)
 * ubottu (4)
 * rbasak (2)
 * smb (2)



== Full Log ==


 16:01 <cpaelzer> #startmeeting ubuntu-server-team

 16:01 <meetingology> Meeting started Tue Sep 19 16:01:42 2017 UTC.  The chair is cpaelzer. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:01 <meetingology> 

 16:01 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 16:01 <cpaelzer> #topic Review ACTION points from previous meeting

 16:02 <cpaelzer> lets ask all in one - nacc ipv6 notes and rbasak mysql triage page - carry?

 16:02 <nacc> cpaelzer: yes please

 16:02 <rbasak> Please :-/

 16:02 <cpaelzer> fine

 16:02 <cpaelzer> #action nacc to write a release notes entry on ipv6 netboot (carried over)

 16:02 * meetingology nacc to write a release notes entry on ipv6 netboot (carried over)

 16:02 <cpaelzer> #action nacc to write a server guide entry on ipv6 netboot (carried over)

 16:02 * meetingology nacc to write a server guide entry on ipv6 netboot (carried over)

 16:03 <cpaelzer> #action rbasak to add maintainership info to mysql triage page (carried over)

 16:03 * meetingology rbasak to add maintainership info to mysql triage page (carried over)

 16:03 <cpaelzer> getting into artful then

 16:03 <cpaelzer> #topic Artful Development

 16:03 <cpaelzer> #link https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ArtfulAardvark/ReleaseSchedule

 16:03 <cpaelzer> #subtopic Current Work

 16:03 <cpaelzer> #link https://trello.com/b/U9HhWyT0/daily-ubuntu-server

 16:03 <cpaelzer> #subtopic Release Bugs

 16:03 <cpaelzer> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-aa-tracking-bug-tasks.html#ubuntu-server

 16:04 <cpaelzer> Since this link is all too empty until artful bugs are moved onto artful tasks one can look at the superset

 16:04 <cpaelzer> https://bugs.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-server/+bugs

 16:04 <cpaelzer> Release being exactly a month away now

 16:04 <cpaelzer> 19th Oct is planned

 16:05 <cpaelzer> Seeing our postponed release notes I wanted to ask if anyone has anytihng for Artful release notes that we should action

 16:05 <cpaelzer> if nothing special we usually have at least the major packages manetioned and a link to their release notes

 16:05 <nacc> cpaelzer: i'll presumably add http2 info if we do enable it/FFe approved

 16:05 <cpaelzer> e.g. https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ZestyZapus/ReleaseNotes#Ubuntu_Server

 16:05 <cpaelzer> #link https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ZestyZapus/ReleaseNotes#Ubuntu_Server

 16:06 <cpaelzer> #action nacc to consider http2 info in artful release notes

 16:06 * meetingology nacc to consider http2 info in artful release notes

 16:06 <nacc> cpaelzer: thx

 16:06 <ahasenack> the new bind9 key signing key?

 16:06 <ahasenack> if that ever migrates :)

 16:06 <cpaelzer> #action cpaelzer to add a virt-stack release notes entry

 16:06 * meetingology cpaelzer to add a virt-stack release notes entry

 16:06 <cpaelzer> oh yeah ahasenack I like that

 16:06 <nacc> ahasenack: yeah, i think it's worth mentioning

 16:06 <ahasenack> it was sru'ed already even

 16:06 <rharper> o/

 16:06 <cpaelzer> #action ahasenack add a release note entry on the bind9 key signing key change

 16:06 * meetingology ahasenack add a release note entry on the bind9 key signing key change

 16:07 <ahasenack> cpaelzer: do we need to create it in the wiki still?

 16:07 <cpaelzer> smoser: I'll give you an entry on cloud-init ok?

 16:07 <smoser> for release notes ?

 16:07 <smoser> sure.

 16:07 * dpb1 adds a topic to go over release notes at rally

 16:07 <cpaelzer> https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ArtfulAardvark/ReleaseNotes

 16:07 <cpaelzer> #link https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ArtfulAardvark/ReleaseNotes

 16:08 <ahasenack> thanks

 16:08 <cpaelzer> #action smoser to add a cloud init (and if there is something curtin) release notes entry for artful

 16:08 * meetingology smoser to add a cloud init (and if there is something curtin) release notes entry for artful

 16:08 <cpaelzer> anything else that is current

 16:08 <cpaelzer> smoser: I think your networking mission is one

 16:09 <cpaelzer> smoser: do you have the bug no on that?

 16:09 <smoser> networking mission?

 16:09 <cpaelzer> all the pkg's still needing to adapt to the changes

 16:09 <smoser> * bug 1718227: replacement of ifupdown with netplan needs integration for /etc/network/if{up,down}.d scripts

 16:09 <smoser> * bug 1713803: replacement of resolvconf with systemd needs integration

 16:09 <smoser> * bug 1717983: replacement of isc-dhcp-client with with systemd-networkd for dhclient needs integration

 16:09 <ubottu> bug 1718227 in wpa (Ubuntu) "replacement of ifupdown with netplan needs integration for /etc/network/if{up,down}.d scripts" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1718227

 16:09 <ubottu> bug 1713803 in whereami (Ubuntu) "replacement of resolvconf with systemd needs integration" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1713803

 16:09 <ubottu> bug 1717983 in ubuntu-meta (Ubuntu) "replacement of isc-dhcp-client with with systemd-networkd for dhclient needs integration" [Undecided,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1717983

 16:09 <cpaelzer> yes, thanks

 16:09 <cpaelzer> I think that is worth to mention in the artful-development section

 16:10 <cpaelzer> anything else for artful?

 16:10 <cpaelzer> ok

 16:10 <cpaelzer> #topic Server & Cloud Bugs & SRU/Pending Uploads (slashd, ddstreet)

 16:10 <cpaelzer> ddstreet today

 16:10 <cpaelzer> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-z-tracking-bug-tasks.html#ubuntu-server

 16:10 <cpaelzer> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-x-tracking-bug-tasks.html#ubuntu-server

 16:11 <ddstreet> cpaelzer only item from me is again bug 1657256

 16:11 <ubottu> bug 1657256 in percona-xtradb-cluster-5.6 (Ubuntu) "Percona crashes when doing a a 'larger' update" [Medium,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1657256

 16:11 <cpaelzer> and actually missing in the notes the growing (since not all can be SRUed so far back) trusty:

 16:11 <cpaelzer> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-t-tracking-bug-tasks.html#ubuntu-server

 16:11 <cpaelzer> ok ddstreet; where is the action on this issue atm?

 16:12 <cpaelzer> are you blocked and waiting on whom?

 16:12 <ddstreet> that bug is still waiting for rbasak to review

 16:12 <cpaelzer> or are you reworking something

 16:12 <cpaelzer> rbasak: you are kind of already away right?

 16:12 <ddstreet> or, i think ryan beisner was going to review

 16:12 <rbasak> Kind of. I've been on and off the road for a while :-/

 16:12 <cpaelzer> ok expecting ryan to do so, please let us know if this gets stuck ddstreet - ok ?

 16:13 <ddstreet> yep i will ping him again today to check

 16:13 <ddstreet> nothing else from me

 16:13 <cpaelzer> ok

 16:13 <cpaelzer> #topic Weekly Updates & Questions for the QA Team (powersj)

 16:14 <cpaelzer> #link https://jenkins.ubuntu.com/server/

 16:14 <cpaelzer> dpb1: I know powersj is unavailable do you have something to share on this?

 16:14 <cpaelzer> if not we are good to go on for today

 16:14 <dpb1> yes

 16:14 <dpb1> Josh has landed KVM as a backend for cloud-init integration tests

 16:14 <cpaelzer> nice

 16:15 <dpb1> (to go along with LXD)

 16:15 <dpb1> next on the target will be an actual cloud provider

 16:15 <dpb1> I think that is it

 16:15 <cpaelzer> ok, thanks

 16:15 <cpaelzer> #topic Weekly Updates & Questions for the Kernel Team (smb, sforshee)

 16:15 <smb> Not sure how many time I said there would be a 4.13 kernel in artful soon... though if we want to be in the beta it now really should be soon. To note that next week the kernel team is sprinting so I will likely miss this meeting next week. Are there questions?

 16:16 <cpaelzer> most of the server Team is sprinting as well on the same place and drag you into this meeting smb :-)

 16:16 <cpaelzer> Are there known issues on https://launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/linux/4.13.0-11.12 or just the usual wait to verify everything?

 16:17 <cpaelzer> smb: ^^ ?

 16:17 <dpb1> #link https://launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/linux/4.13.0-11.12

 16:18 <smb> cpaelzer, half normal as there was plumblers last week and other things going on

 16:18 <cpaelzer> fair enough

 16:18 <cpaelzer> ok going on

 16:18 <cpaelzer> #topic Upcoming Call For Papers

 16:18 <cpaelzer> #link https://lwn.net/Calendar/Monthly/cfp/

 16:18 <cpaelzer> somebody was so kind to add OVS

 16:18 <cpaelzer> #link https://mail.openvswitch.org/pipermail/ovs-announce/2017-September/000241.html

 16:18 <cpaelzer> #info The Open vSwitch project, a Linux Foundation Collaborative Project, will host its fourth annual conference focused on Open vSwitch and OVN on November 16 and 17, 2017, at Club Auto Sport in San Jose, California.

 16:18 <cpaelzer> #info Please submit proposals to to the following URL by September 29: https://goo.gl/forms/erjZIQICXVjfUh863

 16:19 <cpaelzer> anyone planning to go to this or others worth to mention?

 16:19 <cpaelzer> ok,t hat is a no

 16:19 <ahasenack> I added that event

 16:19 <ahasenack> but, no plans

 16:19 <cpaelzer> thanks

 16:19 <ahasenack> just thought it could be useful

 16:19 <cpaelzer> #topic Ubuntu Server Team Events

 16:20 <cpaelzer> We are sprinting next week, so colaboration will be great but latency on reports might be higher than usual

 16:20 <cpaelzer> #topic Open Discussion

 16:20 <cpaelzer> anything we missed to talk about?

 16:22 <cpaelzer> ok, thanks you all

 16:22 <ahasenack> who's next? :)

 16:22 <cpaelzer> closing with the next meeting annoucement

 16:22 <cpaelzer> #topic Announce next meeting date, time and chair

 16:22 <cpaelzer> #info Next meeting Tuesday, 2017-09-26 at 1600 UTC, chair will be rharper_sprinting

 16:22 <cpaelzer> rharper ^^

 16:22 <rharper> ack

 16:22 <rharper> cpaelzer: I suppose we still plan to have it during sprint?

 16:22 <cpaelzer> yes

 16:22 <rharper> ok

 16:22 <dpb1> yes

 16:23 <rharper> works for me

 16:23 <cpaelzer> cu all then

 16:23 <cpaelzer> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)