== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting: ubuntu-server-team, 09 May at 16:03 &mdash; 16:33 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2017/ubuntu-meeting.2017-05-09-16.03.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Review ACTION points from previous meeting ===
The discussion about "Review ACTION points from previous meeting" started at 16:03.

  * ''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ServerTeam/mysql 
  * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/mysql-5.7/+bugs?&field.tag=triage 
  * ''ACTION:'' : rbasak to add maintainership info to mysql triage page
  * ''ACTION:'' nacc to write a release notes entry on ipv6 netboot
  * ''ACTION:'' nacc to write a server guide entry on ipv6 netboot
  * ''LINK:'' http://cloudinit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/topics/network-config.html 
  * mysql triaging now assisted by most common bugs being tagged, see links for details
  * ipv6 info available for cloud-init
  * ''LINK:'' http://cloudinit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/topics/network-config.html 
  * ''ACTION:'' : rharper to write a server guide entry on v2 yaml support in cloud-init
  * ''ACTION:'' rharper to write a release notes entry on v2 yaml support in cloud-init
  * ''ACTION:'' teward to add release notes blurb for nginx (1.10.x -> 1.12.x)

=== Artful Development ===
The discussion about "Artful Development" started at 16:09.

  * ''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ArtfulAardvark/ReleaseSchedule 
 * '''blueprints''' (16:10)
  * ''LINK:'' https://blueprints.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+spec/servercloud-aa-server-core 
  * merges going well so far and which is good given how early in the cycle we still are
 * '''Release Bugs''' (16:11)
  * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-aa-tracking-bug-tasks.html#ubuntu-server 
  * ''LINK:'' https://code.launchpad.net/~ahasenack/ubuntu/+source/samba/+git/samba/+merge/323767 
  * discussion on how to preceed on an issue with sambas libraries (regression-update)
  * php7.1 transition complete in artful release

=== Server & Cloud Bugs & SRU/Pending Uploads (slashd) ===
The discussion about "Server & Cloud Bugs & SRU/Pending Uploads (slashd)" started at 16:21.

  * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-z-tracking-bug-tasks.html#ubuntu-server 
  * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-x-tracking-bug-tasks.html#ubuntu-server 
  * tomcat8->8.5 transition stalled by upstream issue (versions are not compatible)

=== Weekly Updates & Questions for the QA Team (powersj) ===
The discussion about "Weekly Updates & Questions for the QA Team (powersj)" started at 16:22.

  * ''LINK:'' https://jenkins.ubuntu.com/server/ 
  * All Artful server ISO tests are now running

=== Weekly Updates & Questions for the Kernel Team (smb, sforshee) ===
The discussion about "Weekly Updates & Questions for the Kernel Team (smb, sforshee)" started at 16:23.


=== Upcoming Call For Papers ===
The discussion about "Upcoming Call For Papers" started at 16:25.

  * ''LINK:'' https://lwn.net/Calendar/Monthly/cfp/ 

=== Ubuntu Server Team Events ===
The discussion about "Ubuntu Server Team Events" started at 16:26.


=== Open Discussion ===
The discussion about "Open Discussion" started at 16:27.

  * Discussion on updating the serverguide as a "bug fix"
  * ''LINK:'' https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-doc/2017-May/020429.html 
  * ''LINK:'' https://code.launchpad.net/~ahasenack/serverguide/use-sasl-external-for-config-changes-973981/+merge/323786 
  * ''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/DocumentationTeam/SystemDocumentation/UbuntuServerGuide 
  * ''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/DocumentationTeam/SystemDocumentation/BuildingDocumentation 
  * feel more free before to do serverguide changes when applicable as a "bug fix".
  * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/serverguide/+bug/1031091 
  * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/debian-installer/+bug/1647790 
  * ''ACTION:'' : dpb to look into a few open issues around automatic updates that were pointed out by the doc team

=== Announce next meeting date, time and chair ===
The discussion about "Announce next meeting date, time and chair" started at 16:32.

  * next week meeting at the same day/time, charing will be nacc
  * ''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ServerTeam/Meeting 



== Vote results ==




== Action items, by person ==

 * nacc
  * nacc to write a release notes entry on ipv6 netboot
  * nacc to write a server guide entry on ipv6 netboot
 * rbasak
  * : rbasak to add maintainership info to mysql triage page
 * rharper
  * : rharper to write a server guide entry on v2 yaml support in cloud-init
  * rharper to write a release notes entry on v2 yaml support in cloud-init
 * **UNASSIGNED**
  * teward to add release notes blurb for nginx (1.10.x -> 1.12.x)
  * : dpb to look into a few open issues around automatic updates that were pointed out by the doc team



== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * cpaelzer (133)
 * ahasenack (19)
 * nacc (18)
 * rharper (11)
 * meetingology (10)
 * dpb1 (6)
 * rbasak (5)
 * ubottu (2)
 * smoser (1)



== Full Log ==


 16:03 <cpaelzer> #startmeeting ubuntu-server-team

 16:03 <meetingology> Meeting started Tue May  9 16:03:27 2017 UTC.  The chair is cpaelzer. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:03 <meetingology> 

 16:03 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 16:03 <cpaelzer> #topic Review ACTION points from previous meeting

 16:03 <cpaelzer> There were plenty of actions, but also I know some of them resovled - so lets go one by one

 16:04 * cpaelzer rbasak, powersj, cpaelzer to draft mysql triage response page like nginx has (carried over)

 16:04 <rbasak> Still pending :-(

 16:04 <cpaelzer> wrong

 16:04 <cpaelzer> I added a description of the way we tag mysql bugs as triage if they are suitable for a central dup bug or to steal replies from.

 16:04 <cpaelzer> #link https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ServerTeam/mysql

 16:04 <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/mysql-5.7/+bugs?&field.tag=triage

 16:04 <rbasak> Oh. Thanks!

 16:04 <cpaelzer> That covers the most common cases and we can easily add more.

 16:04 <cpaelzer> I updated the wiki for that, the remaining action would be for rbasak to update who maintains the package.

 16:04 <cpaelzer> rbasak: you are doing that with Lars and more? - it would be nice if you could update this section.

 16:04 <cpaelzer> The site became a bit "light" now that we actually do it via launchpad tags, but it seemed to make more sense.

 16:04 <cpaelzer> rbasak: are you ok to take that remainign update as action with you?

 16:04 <dpb1> cpaelzer++

 16:04 <cpaelzer> only your part rbasak :-)

 16:04 <rbasak> My todo entry for that is below the fold now :-/

 16:04 <cpaelzer> honestly I just wasn't sure I'd get the oracle role in this right, so I'd ask you to take that

 16:04 <rbasak> Sure

 16:05 <cpaelzer> everything else will be in the tags unless we want another solution

 16:05 <cpaelzer> and the wiki plinks

 16:05 <cpaelzer> #action: rbasak to add maintainership info to mysql triage page

 16:05 * meetingology : rbasak to add maintainership info to mysql triage page

 16:05 <rbasak> ack

 16:05 * cpaelzer nacc to write a release notes entry on ipv6 netboot

 16:05 * cpaelzer nacc to write a server guide entry on ipv6 netboot

 16:06 <nacc> cpaelzer: both continue

 16:06 <cpaelzer> I see useful new content

 16:06 <cpaelzer> ok, continuing

 16:06 <cpaelzer> #action nacc to write a release notes entry on ipv6 netboot

 16:06 * meetingology nacc to write a release notes entry on ipv6 netboot

 16:06 <cpaelzer> #action nacc to write a server guide entry on ipv6 netboot

 16:06 * meetingology nacc to write a server guide entry on ipv6 netboot

 16:06 <cpaelzer> the next pair is for rharper on cloud-init

 16:06 * cpaelzer rharper to write a server guide entry on v2 yaml support in cloud-init

 16:06 * cpaelzer rharper to write a release notes entry on v2 yaml support in cloud-init

 16:06 * rharper hangs head

 16:06 <cpaelzer> continue?

 16:06 <rharper> well, we did publish the docs

 16:07 <rharper> but I've not referred to them in the guides

 16:07 * rharper fetches link

 16:07 <cpaelzer> nore the release notes?

 16:07 <rharper> http://cloudinit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/topics/network-config.html

 16:07 <smoser> \o/

 16:07 <rharper> cpaelzer: correct, we should link to that in guide and notes

 16:07 <rharper> s/we/rharper

 16:07 <rharper> so, yes, carry

 16:07 <cpaelzer> yeah, I'll continue your action then and info on this

 16:07 <dpb1> that looks like technical content

 16:07 <rharper> ack

 16:08 <rharper> dpb1: yeah, did that before we were told to

 16:08 <dpb1> rharper++

 16:08 <cpaelzer> #info mysql triaging now assisted by most common bugs being tagged, see links for details

 16:08 <rharper> sweet, I was hoping for a gold star

 16:08 <dpb1> gold stars for all!

 16:08 <cpaelzer> #info ipv6 info available for cloud-init

 16:08 <cpaelzer> #link http://cloudinit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/topics/network-config.html

 16:08 <cpaelzer> #action: rharper to write a server guide entry on v2 yaml support in cloud-init

 16:08 * meetingology : rharper to write a server guide entry on v2 yaml support in cloud-init

 16:08 <cpaelzer> #action rharper to write a release notes entry on v2 yaml support in cloud-init

 16:08 * meetingology rharper to write a release notes entry on v2 yaml support in cloud-init

 16:09 <cpaelzer> the last action was ACTION: teward to add release notes blurb for nginx (1.10.x -> 1.12.x)

 16:09 <cpaelzer> I synced with him as he can not attend

 16:09 <cpaelzer> pasting from that now

 16:09 <cpaelzer> <teward> cpaelzer: well i won't be able to be at the meeting tomorrow [...] make a note on the action item for me re: nginx release notes  to push it to the next meeting for a status checkin

 16:09 <cpaelzer> <teward> i've got the bulletpoints on a notepad document, i've not gotten much further

 16:09 <cpaelzer> teward: thanks for keeping us updated, notes in the meeting and keeping the action for now

 16:09 <cpaelzer> #action teward to add release notes blurb for nginx (1.10.x -> 1.12.x)

 16:09 * meetingology teward to add release notes blurb for nginx (1.10.x -> 1.12.x)

 16:09 <cpaelzer> that gets us to current dev

 16:09 <cpaelzer> #topic Artful Development

 16:09 <cpaelzer> #link https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ArtfulAardvark/ReleaseSchedule

 16:10 <cpaelzer> #subtopic blueprints

 16:10 <cpaelzer> #link https://blueprints.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+spec/servercloud-aa-server-core

 16:10 <cpaelzer> I saw nacc and myself check a few of the merges already

 16:10 <cpaelzer> more to come the next weeks for sure

 16:10 <nacc> lvm2 just went through as well

 16:10 <cpaelzer> thanks nacc

 16:10 <cpaelzer> your pace on this makes me proud and wishing there wouldn't be that much libvirt/qemu things up in the air atm

 16:11 <cpaelzer> nacc for merge president

 16:11 <dpb1> nacc++

 16:11 <cpaelzer> #info merges going well so far and which is good given how early in the cycle we still are

 16:11 <cpaelzer> #subtopic Release Bugs

 16:11 <cpaelzer> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-aa-tracking-bug-tasks.html#ubuntu-server

 16:11 <cpaelzer> I've mostly seen 17.04 issues recently which is natural after the release and people using it now

 16:11 <nacc> i think my m.u.c list is pretty short now, so i can pick up others next week

 16:12 <nacc> yep

 16:12 <cpaelzer> anyone seen 17.10 things that are worth to share?

 16:12 <ahasenack> would this be the place to bring up that samba bug I've worked on?

 16:12 <cpaelzer> SRU comes later

 16:12 <ahasenack> it's for artful first

 16:12 <cpaelzer> and if you miss it there there is open discussion as a catch all

 16:12 <cpaelzer> then pelase shoot

 16:13 <cpaelzer> this isn't so strict on where

 16:13 <ahasenack> I have this mp: https://code.launchpad.net/~ahasenack/ubuntu/+source/samba/+git/samba/+merge/323767

 16:13 <cpaelzer> as long as people provide good input

 16:13 <ahasenack> and I outline 3 options at the bottom

 16:13 <nacc> ahasenack: yeah i need to take a look at it

 16:13 <nacc> ahasenack: as i did the last bit of samba

 16:13 <nacc> but if you want to own samba! please do )

 16:13 <nacc> :)

 16:13 <cpaelzer> oO

 16:13 <ahasenack> let me just paste the 3 options here quickly (3 lines)

 16:13 <ahasenack> a) upload to artful, exercise there, and do the same for the zesty SRU

 16:13 <ahasenack> b) upload to artful, but for the zesty SRU, remove the fix-1584485.patch until we are happy artful's samba is fine.

 16:13 <ahasenack> c) remove patch from artful and zesty until patch author can chime in

 16:14 <ahasenack> current status is that pam_winbind is broken on zesty+

 16:14 <nacc> ahasenack: this is the static linking thing, right?

 16:14 <ahasenack> yes

 16:14 <cpaelzer> ahasenack: could you ontline in one sentence what the original patch was for?

 16:14 <cpaelzer> so everybody knows without reading through all of the bug

 16:15 <ahasenack> static linking some samba libs into pam_winbind and nss_winbind so that on package upgrades we didn't get into a situation where the running processes would dlopen new/old libraries and crash

 16:15 <cpaelzer> #link https://code.launchpad.net/~ahasenack/ubuntu/+source/samba/+git/samba/+merge/323767

 16:15 <nacc> ahasenack: i would prefer a), i think, it matches what i'd expect we'd do (fix dev release and then SRU fix back)

 16:15 <ahasenack> nacc: ok, that's what the MP is doing

 16:15 <nacc> ahasenack: ack, i will try and get feedback to you today

 16:15 <cpaelzer> #info discussion on how to preceed on an issue with sambas libraries (regression-update)

 16:16 <ahasenack> thanks, my concern is leaving zesty with a broken pam_winbind for too long

 16:16 <ahasenack> since this was a regression

 16:16 <ahasenack> s/since/specially/

 16:17 <cpaelzer> ahasenack: once you encounter a stall on the process with a) you can emergency fix it in zesty

 16:17 <ahasenack> I wouldn't call it a stall just yet, but thanks :)

 16:18 <cpaelzer> ok thanks ahasenack for working on this, anything else before I leave current development release?

 16:18 <ahasenack> not from me

 16:18 <nacc> php transition is done, we're at 7.1 now

 16:18 <nacc> php7.0 has been removed

 16:18 <nacc> tomcat8 transition may have to wait for a bit, as upstreams are not yet compatbile

 16:19 <cpaelzer> upstreams not compatible means you can't start pushing in the new one while the old one is around?

 16:19 <cpaelzer> is upstream working on this - so we know this will resolve?

 16:20 <cpaelzer> #info php7.1 transition complete in artful release

 16:20 <cpaelzer> nacc: ^^ ?

 16:21 <cpaelzer> do we expect this to resolve upstream and pull then?

 16:21 <nacc> cpaelzer: yeah there is a bug open and just waiting on upstream to change their code

 16:21 <cpaelzer> ok, great

 16:21 <cpaelzer> #topic Server & Cloud Bugs & SRU/Pending Uploads (slashd)

 16:21 <nacc> cpaelzer: if we migrate tomcat8 to 8.5, dogtag-pki and tomcatjss will immediately break again

 16:21 <cpaelzer> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-z-tracking-bug-tasks.html#ubuntu-server

 16:21 <cpaelzer> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-x-tracking-bug-tasks.html#ubuntu-server

 16:21 <cpaelzer> I know slashd is on a sprint, so we give him a 60 sec timeout to appear ...

 16:22 <cpaelzer> #info tomcat8->8.5 transition stalled by upstream issue (versions are not compatible)

 16:22 <cpaelzer> <timeout>

 16:22 <cpaelzer> #topic Weekly Updates & Questions for the QA Team (powersj)

 16:22 <cpaelzer> #link https://jenkins.ubuntu.com/server/

 16:22 <cpaelzer> powersj is out atm

 16:23 <cpaelzer> from his info mail an info

 16:23 <cpaelzer> #info All Artful server ISO tests are now running

 16:23 <cpaelzer> #topic Weekly Updates & Questions for the Kernel Team (smb, sforshee)

 16:24 <cpaelzer> I pinged smb when the meeting started and he was around today, but didn't join yet

 16:24 <cpaelzer> there might be a kernel breaking somewhere else

 16:24 <ahasenack> :)

 16:24 <cpaelzer> and it is too early to start our #1 question being "what will the next kernel version be"

 16:24 <cpaelzer> anyone else soemthing for the kernel section of the log?

 16:25 <cpaelzer> going on ...

 16:25 <cpaelzer> #topic Upcoming Call For Papers

 16:25 <cpaelzer> #link https://lwn.net/Calendar/Monthly/cfp/

 16:25 <cpaelzer> Linux Plumbers Conference Deadline is closing in

 16:26 <cpaelzer> nothing else on my personal radar that touches us

 16:26 <cpaelzer> #topic Ubuntu Server Team Events

 16:27 <cpaelzer> there will be a mini-sprint the rest of the week to make some of our libvirt delta upstreamable to debian/libvirt-upstrem

 16:27 <cpaelzer> to ease maintenance later on and let everyone benefit

 16:27 <nacc> nice

 16:27 <cpaelzer> any sem-public events out there that people might care?

 16:27 <cpaelzer> semi

 16:27 <cpaelzer> ok, that is a no

 16:27 <cpaelzer> #topic Open Discussion

 16:27 <cpaelzer> I have something here

 16:28 <cpaelzer> this is a wall of text, sorry, but there was already so much progress

 16:28 <cpaelzer> #info Discussion on updating the serverguide as a "bug fix"

 16:28 <cpaelzer> #link https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-doc/2017-May/020429.html

 16:28 <cpaelzer> There is a mail thread about the discussion I kicked off, but the TL;DR is nicely in a quote of Doug Smythies

 16:28 <cpaelzer> "Procedure: For the 16.04 Ubuntu Serverguide, just tell me when you want an update publication done and I'll do it, after say about a 2 week string freeze and translation catch up window**. For the 14.04 Serverguide, it would have to be an important update, as typically, and only speaking for myself, I don't bother with the older LTS versions."

 16:28 <cpaelzer> I also saw andreas already started with a doc MP

 16:28 <cpaelzer> #link https://code.launchpad.net/~ahasenack/serverguide/use-sasl-external-for-config-changes-973981/+merge/323786

 16:28 <cpaelzer> And a few minutes ago I saw the MP was merged

 16:28 <cpaelzer> so perfect case to encourage everyone

 16:29 <cpaelzer> we felt that those won't be updated, but the feeling was wrong

 16:29 <cpaelzer> So for the issue we had other than fixing in the package if we can, for the guide update add a bug task and provide a branch.

 16:29 <cpaelzer> Starter info for the guide is here:

 16:29 <cpaelzer> #link https://wiki.ubuntu.com/DocumentationTeam/SystemDocumentation/UbuntuServerGuide

 16:29 <cpaelzer> #link https://wiki.ubuntu.com/DocumentationTeam/SystemDocumentation/BuildingDocumentation

 16:29 <cpaelzer> #info feel more free before to do serverguide changes when applicable as a "bug fix".

 16:29 <cpaelzer> Any further thing to add?

 16:30 <cpaelzer> giving a few extra sec as this was a lot of text ...

 16:30 <ahasenack> :)

 16:30 <cpaelzer> Also on the thread, we were asked to also provide some doc contribution to kernel uninstall handling

 16:30 <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/serverguide/+bug/1031091

 16:30 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1031091 in Ubuntu Server Guide trunk "Serverguide Automatic Updates contains inconsistencies and / or errors" [High,Triaged]

 16:30 <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/debian-installer/+bug/1647790

 16:31 <cpaelzer> Would anyone be willing to action himself to take a look at these as well?

 16:31 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1647790 in debian-installer (Ubuntu) "Choosing "No automatic updates" has no effect" [Undecided,Confirmed]

 16:31 <dpb1> I'd like to look

 16:31 <cpaelzer> great

 16:32 <cpaelzer> #action: dpb to look into a few open issues around automatic updates that were pointed out by the doc team

 16:32 * meetingology : dpb to look into a few open issues around automatic updates that were pointed out by the doc team

 16:32 <cpaelzer> anything else before I close?

 16:32 <cpaelzer> nacc: you'll be the next chair - is next week ok for you?

 16:32 <cpaelzer> #topic Announce next meeting date, time and chair

 16:32 <nacc> cpaelzer: yep

 16:33 <cpaelzer> #info next week meeting at the same day/time, charing will be nacc

 16:33 <cpaelzer> #link https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ServerTeam/Meeting

 16:33 <cpaelzer> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)