== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 20 Nov at 16:32 &mdash; 16:49 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2017/ubuntu-meeting.2017-11-20-16.32.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting 
=== Announcements ===
The discussion about "Announcements" started at 16:32.

  * ''LINK:'' https://community.ubuntu.com/t/ubuntu-community-appreciation-day-nov-20th/1762 

=== Weekly stand-up report ===
The discussion about "Weekly stand-up report" started at 16:33.


=== Highlighted packages ===
The discussion about "Highlighted packages" started at 16:45.

  * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/mcabber.html 
  * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/derby.html 
  * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/yubiserver.html 
  * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/jabberd2.html 
  * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/r-cran-stringi.html 

=== Miscellaneous and Questions ===
The discussion about "Miscellaneous and Questions" started at 16:46.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * ratliff (29)
 * chrisccoulson (9)
 * mdeslaur (8)
 * leosilva (7)
 * jdstrand (7)
 * sbeattie (7)
 * sarnold (3)
 * meetingology (3)



== Full Log ==


 16:32 <ratliff> #startmeeting

 16:32 <meetingology> Meeting started Mon Nov 20 16:32:19 2017 UTC.  The chair is ratliff. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:32 <meetingology> 

 16:32 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 16:32 <ratliff> The meeting agenda can be found at:

 16:32 <ratliff> [LINK] https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting

 16:32 <mdeslaur> \o

 16:32 <ratliff> [TOPIC] Announcements

 16:32 <ratliff> Today is Ubuntu Community Appreciation Day!

 16:33 <ratliff> Many thanks to our Ubuntu security community members for your assistance in keeping Ubuntu users secure! :)

 16:33 <leosilva> \o/

 16:33 <ratliff> More info at

 16:33 <ratliff> [LINK] https://community.ubuntu.com/t/ubuntu-community-appreciation-day-nov-20th/1762

 16:33 <ratliff> [TOPIC] Weekly stand-up report

 16:33 <ratliff> jdstrand: you're up

 16:34 <jdstrand> This is a short week for me and I'll only be working Mon and Tue. I'll continue to focus on:

 16:34 <jdstrand> * followups on urgent issues that came up last week as needed

 16:34 <jdstrand> * snappy PRs

 16:34 <jdstrand> * pickup the ssh/gpg interfaces PR

 16:34 <jdstrand> * investigate/implement proper fix for hotplugged devices not being added to device cgroup (mir input forum issue)

 16:34 <jdstrand> mdeslaur: you're up

 16:34 <mdeslaur> I'm in the happy place this week

 16:34 <mdeslaur> I'm currently testing an embargoed issue

 16:34 <mdeslaur> and I have imagemagick to look at

 16:34 <mdeslaur> and another update to test

 16:34 <mdeslaur> that's it for me, sbeattie ?

 16:34 <sbeattie> I'm on community this week.

 16:35 <sbeattie> I also have a short week, will be here through wednesday

 16:35 <sbeattie> I have an apport regression update to publish for ty hicks, and will likely have kernel updates to publish today/tomorrow

 16:36 <sbeattie> I'm working on the process for security triage for snaps

 16:36 <sbeattie> And I have some upstream apparmor work to do

 16:36 <sbeattie> that's it for me....

 16:37 <ratliff> jjohansen is next. I'm not sure if he is around, so we will give him a minute to chime in if he is

 16:37 <sbeattie> no ty hicks, I don't see sarnold or jjohansen, chrisccoulson, I think you're up?

 16:38 <chrisccoulson> I've got a chromium update to test, and I'm also expecting thunderbird

 16:38 <chrisccoulson> I've got a regression to fix in Firefox (we dropped the "Ubuntu" token from the user agent string, oddly due to a change in the build system)

 16:40 <chrisccoulson> I added a workaround to our rust package for 1.21 to get it to build, and there's a bug for that opened upstream by other distros (for around 1 month now) with no progress

 16:41 <chrisccoulson> I thought I understood the issue but it turns out I don't, so I might spend a little bit of time trying to actually understand what's going on and then add my notes to the upstream bug

 16:41 <chrisccoulson> but I don't want to spend a lot of time on that

 16:41 <chrisccoulson> Fingers crossed I'll finally have time to do something unrelated to rust or firefox packaging this week

 16:42 <chrisccoulson> I think that's me done

 16:42 <chrisccoulson> Am I the only one who doesn't have a short week?

 16:42 <ratliff> sarnold: go ahead

 16:42 <mdeslaur> I don't have a short week

 16:42 <mdeslaur> my week is painfully long

 16:42 <leosilva> me neither.

 16:42 <chrisccoulson> heh

 16:42 <sarnold> I'm in the happy place this week, also working only MTW, doing embargoed work, apparmor patch reviews

 16:43 <sarnold> that's it for me, ratliff?

 16:43 <ratliff> I'm on CVE triage this week. I'll test out the new process.

 16:43 <ratliff> I have a short week. :P

 16:44 <ratliff> I also have more internal work to try to finish up.

 16:44 <ratliff> leosilva: on to you

 16:44 <leosilva> I'm the happy place this week.

 16:44 <leosilva> I have some db updates to test (it's taking more time than what I want - selftests)

 16:45 <leosilva> I also get python2.7 to update and will take a look in python3.* updates too.

 16:45 <leosilva> that' all for me,

 16:45 <leosilva> ratliff: you are back

 16:45 <ratliff> thanks!

 16:45 <ratliff> [TOPIC] Highlighted packages

 16:45 <ratliff> The Ubuntu Security team will highlight some community-supported packages that might be good candidates for updating and or triaging. If you would like to help Ubuntu and not sure where to start, this is a great way to do so.

 16:45 <ratliff> See https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/UpdateProcedures for details and if you have any questions, feel free to ask in #ubuntu-security. To find out other ways of helping out, please see https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/GettingInvolved.

 16:46 <ratliff> https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/mcabber.html

 16:46 <ratliff> https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/derby.html

 16:46 <ratliff> https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/yubiserver.html

 16:46 <ratliff> https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/jabberd2.html

 16:46 <ratliff> https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/r-cran-stringi.html

 16:46 <ratliff> [TOPIC] Miscellaneous and Questions

 16:46 <ratliff> Does anyone have any other questions or items to discuss?

 16:49 <ratliff> jdstrand, mdeslaur, sbeattie, sarnold, chrisccoulson, leosilva: Thanks!

 16:49 <sarnold> thanks ratliff!

 16:49 <jdstrand> thanks ratliff :)

 16:49 <ratliff> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)