== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 26 Jun at 16:32 &mdash; 16:46 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2017/ubuntu-meeting.2017-06-26-16.32.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting 
=== Weekly stand-up report ===
The discussion about "Weekly stand-up report" started at 16:32.


=== Highlighted packages ===
The discussion about "Highlighted packages" started at 16:45.

  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/php-htmlpurifier.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/stalin.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/lame.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/loganalyzer.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/borgbackup.html 

=== Miscellaneous and Questions ===
The discussion about "Miscellaneous and Questions" started at 16:45.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * tyhicks (29)
 * jdstrand (9)
 * leosilva (7)
 * sbeattie (6)
 * mdeslaur (5)
 * chrisccoulson (5)
 * ratliff_ (3)
 * meetingology (3)



== Full Log ==


 16:32 <tyhicks> #startmeeting

 16:32 <meetingology> Meeting started Mon Jun 26 16:32:27 2017 UTC.  The chair is tyhicks. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:32 <meetingology> 

 16:32 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 16:32 <tyhicks> The meeting agenda can be found at:

 16:32 <tyhicks> [LINK] https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting

 16:32 <tyhicks> [TOPIC] Weekly stand-up report

 16:32 <tyhicks> jdstrand: you're up

 16:33 <jdstrand> hi

 16:34 <jdstrand> last week I spend a lot of time on store reviews as well as snappy PRs, especially the bpf cache PR (dealing with racy profile generation). I also investigated some new incoming work, then focused on the password-manager-service interface (submitted PR)

 16:34 <jdstrand> this week I plan to:

 16:34 <jdstrand> - complete testing/respond to feedback on the password-manager-service interface

 16:34 <jdstrand> - finish overlayfs/apparmor/snaps investigation (file overlay/apparmor bugs)

 16:34 <jdstrand> - snappy-debug work (fix to work with journald )

 16:34 <jdstrand> - miscellaneous snappy policy updates PR

 16:34 <jdstrand> - assuming that currently blocked but higher priority work remains blocked, get back to wayland interface

 16:34 <jdstrand> that's it from me. mdeslaur you're up

 16:34 <mdeslaur> I'm in the happy place this week

 16:35 <mdeslaur> it's a short week for me, I'm off thursday afternoon and friday

 16:35 <mdeslaur> I'm currently testing apache2 updates which I'll be releasing this afternoon

 16:35 <mdeslaur> then I have a few more things to test and release

 16:35 <mdeslaur> that's about it, sbeattie, you're up

 16:35 <sbeattie> I'm also in the happy place this week

 16:36 <sbeattie> I'll have kernels to publish USNs for this week

 16:36 <sbeattie> as well as some triage work to catch up on

 16:37 <sbeattie> I'm testing my sudo packages, and will work on openssh after that

 16:37 <sbeattie> I need to do some catching up with apparmor

 16:37 <sbeattie> And that's probably my week. tyhicks?

 16:37 <tyhicks> I'm on community this week

 16:37 <tyhicks> I had a long weekend and it is taking me longer than expected to get caught up on email today

 16:38 <tyhicks> once that's done, I will start working on the seccomp kernel patches in support of the application-controlled logging design that kees and I discussed Thursday of last week

 16:38 <tyhicks> I'll also be continuing by fscrypt evaluation for encrypted home

 16:39 <tyhicks> eCryptfs patch review keeps getting pushed to the back so that's still pending, as well

 16:39 <tyhicks> jj is out right now

 16:39 <tyhicks> sarnold: you're up

 16:40 <tyhicks> he's not here yet

 16:40 <tyhicks> chrisccoulson: go ahead

 16:41 <chrisccoulson> I've got an embargoed update this week

 16:41 <chrisccoulson> Also, the thunderbird update got re-spun last week, so I've prepared new builds for that which I need to test again

 16:41 <chrisccoulson> I've got a chromium update to test and publish

 16:42 <chrisccoulson> In addition to that, I'll be spending a bit more time backporting patches to spidermonkey to get an idea about how supportable it is

 16:42 <chrisccoulson> That's me done

 16:42 <tyhicks> thanks

 16:42 <tyhicks> ratliff_: go ahead

 16:42 <ratliff_> I'm on cve triage this week which makes me happy

 16:42 <ratliff_> I will also work on uc15 updates

 16:43 <ratliff_> leosilva: it is your turn now

 16:43 <leosilva> last week I spent some time in shadow's upate and eglibc

 16:43 <leosilva> also dig a bit in cron CVE

 16:43 <leosilva> worked in ntp update that is not required for precise

 16:43 <leosilva> investigated a bit mysql cves

 16:44 <leosilva> this week I'm planning to finish shadow tests and shadowing sarnold in rotational duties.

 16:44 <leosilva> that's it from me.

 16:44 <leosilva> tyhicks: it's back to you

 16:44 <tyhicks> great! I was just about to suggest that you shadow sarnold in bug triage this week ;)

 16:45 <tyhicks> [TOPIC] Highlighted packages

 16:45 <tyhicks> The Ubuntu Security team will highlight some community-supported packages that might be good candidates for updating and or triaging. If you would like to help Ubuntu and not sure where to start, this is a great way to do so.

 16:45 <tyhicks> See https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/UpdateProcedures for details and if you have any questions, feel free to ask in #ubuntu-security. To find out other ways of helping out, please see https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/GettingInvolved.

 16:45 <tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/php-htmlpurifier.html

 16:45 <tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/stalin.html

 16:45 <tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/lame.html

 16:45 <tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/loganalyzer.html

 16:45 <tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/borgbackup.html

 16:45 <tyhicks> [TOPIC] Miscellaneous and Questions

 16:45 <tyhicks> Does anyone have any other questions or items to discuss?

 16:46 <tyhicks> jdstrand, mdeslaur, sbeattie, ChrisCoulson, ratliff, leosilva: Thanks!

 16:46 <tyhicks> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)