== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 26 Jan at 16:02 &mdash; 16:34 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2017/ubuntu-meeting.2017-01-26-16.02.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning round ===
The discussion about "Lightning round" started at 16:02.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * slangasek (38)
 * cyphermox (30)
 * caribou (20)
 * ubottu (18)
 * bdmurray (17)
 * sil2100 (16)
 * tdaitx (15)
 * infinity (14)
 * barry (13)
 * robru (6)
 * chiluk (5)
 * meetingology (3)
 * gaughen (2)



== Full Log ==


 16:02 <slangasek> #startmeeting

 16:02 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Jan 26 16:02:08 2017 UTC.  The chair is slangasek. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:02 <meetingology> 

 16:02 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 16:02 <slangasek> [TOPIC] Lightning round

 16:02 <slangasek> $ echo $(shuf -e barry doko bdmurray slangasek caribou infinity sil2100 robru cyphermox tdaitx xnox chiluk mwhudson)

 16:03 <slangasek> mwhudson cyphermox robru chiluk slangasek caribou tdaitx doko infinity sil2100 bdmurray xnox barry

 16:03 <barry> from first to last

 16:03 <cyphermox> woah

 16:03 <gaughen> o/

 16:03 <cyphermox> - netplan netplan netplan

 16:03 <cyphermox> - bond support (with it's gazillion knobs)

 16:03 <cyphermox> - https://git.launchpad.net/netplan/log/?h=cyphermox/bonding

 16:03 <cyphermox> - bridge support

 16:03 <cyphermox> - https://git.launchpad.net/netplan/log/?h=cyphermox/bridging

 16:03 <cyphermox> - preparing for a 0.17 release (in code review)

 16:04 <cyphermox> - os-prober fixes

 16:04 <cyphermox> - Sponsored more SRU updates from slashd

 16:04 <cyphermox> - Merged os-prober after cjwatson did some magic with it in Debian.

 16:04 <cyphermox> - discussed NetworkManager issues / tasks with Tony.

 16:04 <cyphermox> - ubiquity screenshots.

 16:04 <cyphermox> - trying to reproduce ubiquity bugs on Intel:

 16:04 <cyphermox> - no slideshow on XPS13? (bug LP: #1659395)

 16:04 <cyphermox> - no "press enter" prompt after install (also XPS13) (bug LP: #1659398)

 16:04 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1659395 in ubiquity (Ubuntu) "No slides in the slideshow" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1659395

 16:04 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1659398 in ubiquity (Ubuntu) "On intel gfx stack I see no enter to reboot prompt" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1659398

 16:04 <cyphermox> - merging wpa from Debian to get 2.6.

 16:04 <cyphermox> (done)

 16:04 <robru> britney:

 16:04 <robru> * Disable PIUParts (LP: #1651537)

 16:04 <robru> * Fix upstream policy tests.

 16:04 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1651537 in britney "noise in proposed-migration about piuparts, which we are not using" [Undecided,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1651537

 16:04 <robru> bileto:

 16:05 <robru> * Fix prereq check in git.

 16:05 <robru> (done)

 16:05 <slangasek> chiluk: ?

 16:06 <chiluk> coming.

 16:06 <slangasek> cyphermox: you managed to rope someone in for netplan code review, then?

 16:06 <cyphermox> slangasek: yeah, doko did review already, and tdaitx said he would after the meeting

 16:06 <tdaitx> slangasek, yes, me

 16:06 <slangasek> cyphermox: spiff

 16:06 <chiluk> LP#1647389 - Discovered workaround . live_migration_tunnelled = False. Checking upstream shortly.

 16:06 <chiluk> LP#1655225 - Letting this bake at user site for a little longer

 16:06 <chiluk> --done--

 16:06 <chiluk> slangasek ..

 16:07 <cyphermox> doko said it was the best code he had ever seen.

 16:07 <cyphermox> ;D

 16:07 <barry> :D

 16:07 <gaughen> ha!

 16:07 <infinity> It was bigly good?

 16:07 <barry> tremendous

 16:07 <cyphermox> so very bigly.

 16:07 * sil2100 wants to see it now

 16:07 <slangasek> * SRU processing, gardening of stable autopkgtest failures (lots more marked bad-test)

 16:07 <slangasek> * deputy systemd now present in trusty; another SRU in progress to finish up the integration with the desktop

 16:07 <slangasek> * productivity impacted this past week by unstable Internet connection (bad splice on an XDSL line after it was hit by a tree)

 16:07 <slangasek> * lots of talk, but unfortunately little work done, around subiquity design

 16:07 <slangasek> * alpha 2 milestone shepherding this week

 16:07 <slangasek> * planning for in-person partner meetings in February

 16:07 <slangasek> * rolling next round of stable images for ubuntu-core today

 16:07 <slangasek> I'm a big fan of the code, big fan

 16:07 <slangasek> * MP review for apport retracer gdb sandbox magic (lp:~brian-murray/apport/sandbox-gdb)

 16:08 <slangasek> (done)

 16:08 <slangasek> caribou:

 16:08 <caribou> Bugfix:

 16:08 <caribou> qemu softlockup on Xenial

 16:08 <caribou> - Identified the Quilt patch causing problem in ne2000 network driver.

 16:08 <caribou> tftp does not start

 16:08 <caribou> - Working on replacement of [::]:69 to :69

 16:08 <caribou> LP: #1638695 - Running tests with different compiler options

 16:08 <caribou> -fstack-protection-strong is the only obvious difference b/w 4.8 & 5.3

 16:08 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1638695 in python2.7 (Ubuntu) "Python 2.7.12 performance regression" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1638695

 16:08 <caribou> LP: #1654600 - investigating systemd ordering

 16:08 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1654600 in unattended-upgrades (Ubuntu Xenial) "unattended-upgrade-shutdown hangs when /var is a separate filesystem" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1654600

 16:08 <caribou> Development:

 16:08 <cyphermox> tftp: [::]:69 to :69 -> what what?

 16:08 <caribou> LP: #103690 - IBM ppc64 - crash tool does not work on 4.8 kernels

 16:08 <caribou> - SRU ongoing

 16:08 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 103690 in ndiswrapper (Ubuntu) "Ndiswrapper can't connect to WPA network using 2.6.20-14-generic on amd64 (feisty)" [Undecided,Invalid] https://launchpad.net/bugs/103690

 16:09 <caribou> misc:

 16:09 <caribou> meetings

 16:09 <caribou> ☑ Done

 16:09 <tdaitx> = OpenJDK Updates

 16:09 <tdaitx> * OpenJDK 8

 16:09 <tdaitx> - Finished packaging Zesty, Yakkety, Xenial on Sunday (compensating for non-planned off time on Friday)

 16:09 <tdaitx> - Repackaged on Monday to re-add patches that were not on Debian (thus Zesty)

 16:09 <tdaitx> - Provided packages for Yakkety and Xenial to the Security Team

 16:09 <tdaitx> * OpenJDK 7

 16:09 <tdaitx> - Continued working on the security update backports

 16:09 <tdaitx> - Of 19 patches, only 2 to go

 16:09 <tdaitx> * Other

 16:09 <tdaitx> - Taking the day out tomorrow to throw money away in Geneve, do tour in CERN, and hopefully a ski class on the nearby alps (self-learning otherwise).

 16:09 <infinity> caribou: I think you might be missing a digit in that bug ref. ;)

 16:09 <tdaitx> (done)

 16:09 <cyphermox> caribou: seems wrong, I've had tftpd work, not that it usually does much.

 16:09 <caribou> cyphermox: [::]:69 will fail if the NIC is not up

 16:09 <cyphermox> interesting.

 16:10 <caribou> infinity: yeah sorry

 16:10 <cyphermox> tdaitx: oh, so you can actually tour CERN? nice.

 16:10 <slangasek> caribou: qemu> I don't suppose you have any interest in the qemu SRU that's currently stalled in trusty-proposed, awaiting verification?

 16:10 <barry> tdaitx: can you get me a jar of bottom quarks?

 16:10 <tdaitx> cyphermox, not the LHC itself, just the ground floor

 16:10 <cyphermox> tdaitx: well, yeah, still nice.

 16:10 <caribou> slangasek: no but I can check

 16:11 <slangasek> caribou: it's bug #1587039 (thanks!)

 16:11 <ubottu> bug 1587039 in qemu (Ubuntu Trusty) "aio: strengthen memory barriers for bottom half scheduling" [Undecided,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1587039

 16:11 <cyphermox> barry: better pick the strange quarks, worth more.

 16:12 <tdaitx> barry, sure, don't think they will live long enough for me to bring them back thou

 16:12 <slangasek> tdaitx: is the accelerator ring open for tours right now?  it wasn't when we went during DebConf

 16:12 <slangasek> doko:

 16:12 <tdaitx> slangasek, nah, just the tourist parts on the ground floor

 16:13 <infinity> slangasek: It'll be open for tours after the alt-right turns it into a water park.

 16:13 <slangasek> tdaitx: instead, the highlight of our tour was Ian Jackson asking questions that suggested he was trying to replicate the experiment in his back yard

 16:13 <slangasek> infinity: doko is being quiet, go ahead?

 16:13 <infinity> * All point release, all the time:

 16:13 <infinity> - Working with Timo on userspace stuff, and tons of reviews of same

 16:13 <infinity> - Working with Andy on kernel stuff, and finalizing same

 16:13 <infinity> - Working on finishing touches for cdimage and debian-installer

 16:13 <infinity> - Lots of bits and bobs here and conversations here and there related to 16.04.2

 16:14 <infinity> (done)

 16:14 <sil2100> - Landing team work, silo coordination

 16:14 <sil2100> - Multiple SRU reviews

 16:14 <sil2100> - Discussions regarding OTA-15 for touch

 16:14 <sil2100> - Reading up on proper conffile handling

 16:14 <sil2100> - ubuntu-image:

 16:14 <sil2100> * A lot of tests involving pyparted to check feature parity with existing tools

 16:14 <sil2100> * Reading a lot of libparted code to figure out how it sets the partition type GUID

 16:14 <sil2100> * Prepping a test implementation using pyparted and sgdisk for GUIDs

 16:14 <sil2100> * Started work on proper implementation of GUID handling

 16:14 <sil2100> - Making sure that walinuxagent migrates to -updates

 16:14 <sil2100> - Performing image re-spins for kubuntu

 16:14 <sil2100> (done)

 16:14 <bdmurray> nvestigation into gdb crash from trusty with apport gdb sandbox change

 16:14 <bdmurray> fixed gdb crash from trusty with apport gdb sandbox change

 16:14 <bdmurray> modified to apport gdb sandbox branch to work with a permanent rootdir and interactive gdb session

 16:15 <bdmurray> generated zesty, yakkety, xenial, trusty armhf test-crashes on porter-armhf

 16:15 <bdmurray> switched to apport gdb sandbox branch in dev ops

 16:15 <bdmurray> reported and fixed apport bug LP: #1658188

 16:15 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1658188 in apport (Ubuntu) "/usr/share/apport/apport-gtk:TypeError:/usr/share/apport/apport-gtk@597:run_argv:run_crashes" [Medium,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1658188

 16:15 <bdmurray> reported and fixed apport bug LP: #1659122 re packages and permanent sandbox

 16:15 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1659122 in Apport "install_packages() makes an assumption that a downloaded package has been extracted" [Medium,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1659122

 16:15 <bdmurray> reported debmirror bug LP: #1658203

 16:15 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1658203 in debmirror (Ubuntu) "debmirror isn't mirroring trusty's Contents-*.gz files" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1658203

 16:15 <bdmurray> reviewed bug patterns merge proposal

 16:15 <bdmurray> review of bad SRUs with sil2100

 16:15 <bdmurray> SRU verification of bug LP: #1646222

 16:15 <bdmurray> virtual sprint meeting

 16:15 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1646222 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu Yakkety) "calculation of needed free space in /boot is inaccurate and causes refusal to upgrade" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1646222

 16:15 <bdmurray> ✔ finished

 16:16 <slangasek> no xnox this week

 16:16 <slangasek> barry:

 16:16 <barry> more python 3.6 transition work; ppa now holding test rebuilds results: https://launchpad.net/~pythoneers/+archive/ubuntu/python-rebuilds/+packages

 16:16 <barry> ubuntu-image 0.14; start multivolume support, first step, -o/-O sanity; LP: #1655133; LP: #1641727

 16:16 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1655133 in ubuntu-image (Ubuntu) "SRU 0.14 tracking bug" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1655133

 16:16 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1641727 in Ubuntu Image "Support multiple volumes per gadget.yaml" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1641727

 16:16 <slangasek> bdmurray, sil2100: where does that leave us on the question of letting sil2100 loose on SRUs?

 16:16 <barry> debuntu: LP: #1623856; flufl enum 4.1.1 and 4.1.1-1; debian bug #852155; debian bug #852475;

 16:16 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1623856 in aptdaemon (Ubuntu Zesty) "Scrolled Windows in update-manager are too small to read" [Low,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1623856

 16:16 <ubottu> Debian bug 852155 in src:python-persistent "python-persistent: please add dependency “Suggests: python-persistent-doc”" [Minor,Open] http://bugs.debian.org/852155

 16:17 <ubottu> Debian bug 852475 in autopkgtest "autopkgtest: apt-get install needs automatic conffile handling" [Normal,Open] http://bugs.debian.org/852475

 16:17 <barry> --done--

 16:17 <slangasek> great

 16:17 <slangasek> any questions?

 16:17 <sil2100> slangasek: bdmurray gave me green light on doing UNAPPROVED reviews, so I'm doing those normally now

 16:17 <slangasek> sil2100: awesome

 16:18 <sil2100> slangasek: for moving updates from -proposed I still didn't do any there (besides walinuxagent just now), so I'll still poke bdmurray before proceeding

 16:18 <sil2100> But those are less of time consuming for a mentor I suppose

 16:19 <slangasek> so we hope ;)

 16:19 <bdmurray> barry: Are you just working on the aptdaemon part of bug 1623856?

 16:19 <ubottu> bug 1623856 in aptdaemon (Ubuntu Zesty) "Scrolled Windows in update-manager are too small to read" [Low,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1623856

 16:19 <barry> bdmurray: yep

 16:19 <caribou> yeah, got a simple one : Is hardware enablement covered by the Feature Freeze ?

 16:19 <infinity> caribou: Ish.

 16:19 <barry> it's a pita because aptdaemon is basically abandoned and it's having problems passing its test suite.  it's already dropped from debian.  we should drop it from ubuntu :/

 16:20 <slangasek> caribou: well, the kernel freeze is much later, so... I think that's a qualified no

 16:20 <barry> (i got it passing locally, but its still ftbfs)

 16:20 <slangasek> barry: hmm, the replacement for aptdaemon is not integrated in Ubuntu

 16:20 <barry> slangasek: yeah :(

 16:20 <slangasek> and the desktop team has been punting that particular bit of work

 16:20 <caribou> infinity: arm64 enablement will hit Debian/Sid soon for kexec-tools so we'd avoid a delta if we wait a bit for that to come from Debian

 16:20 <infinity> caribou: For kernel work, see Steve's response, for userspace work, you should still ask the release team, but the default answer should be that HWE uploads are allowed unless they're obviously untested and disruptive.

 16:20 <barry> slangasek: yeah :( :(

 16:21 <infinity> caribou: In that specific case, I'm pretty sure it'll be fine to land it post-FF.

 16:21 <caribou> infinity: good thanks!

 16:25 <slangasek> alrighty

 16:25 <slangasek> anything else?

 16:25 <bdmurray> Anybody familiar with debmirror?

 16:25 <slangasek> only as a swear word

 16:31 <cyphermox> not really

 16:31 <infinity> bdmurray: Sort of, but I need to know what my response it committing me to.

 16:31 <cyphermox> happy to look?

 16:31 <infinity> s/it/is/

 16:31 <cyphermox> oh god, what have I done

 16:31 <bdmurray> its bug 1658203 and I haven't dug into it at all

 16:31 <ubottu> bug 1658203 in debmirror (Ubuntu) "debmirror isn't mirroring trusty's Contents-*.gz files" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1658203

 16:33 <bdmurray> I think that's it then

 16:34 <slangasek> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)