== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team, 07 Sep at 15:05 &mdash; 15:46 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2017/ubuntu-meeting.2017-09-07-15.05.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning rounds ===
The discussion about "Lightning rounds" started at 15:05.


=== Bugs ===
The discussion about "Bugs" started at 15:15.

  * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-aa-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs 
  * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-aa-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs 
  * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-aa-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs 
  * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-aa-tracking-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs 

=== AOB ===
The discussion about "AOB" started at 15:32.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * cyphermox (50)
 * doko (27)
 * xnox (21)
 * bdmurray (18)
 * sil2100 (17)
 * ubottu (15)
 * tdaitx (14)
 * Tribaal (9)
 * rbalint (7)
 * rcj (6)
 * philroche (4)
 * meetingology (3)
 * gaughen (3)
 * cpaelzer (2)



== Full Log ==


 15:05 <cyphermox> #startmeeting Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team

 15:05 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Sep  7 15:05:10 2017 UTC.  The chair is cyphermox. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 15:05 <meetingology> 

 15:05 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 15:05 <Tribaal> o/

 15:05 <xnox> o/

 15:05 <cyphermox> #topic Lightning rounds

 15:05 <cyphermox> echo $(shuf -e slangasek bdmurray xnox tdaitx doko sil2100 rbalint infinity cyphermox mwhudson rcj philroche Odd_Bloke tribaal fginther)

 15:05 <cyphermox> cyphermox rcj fginther bdmurray tribaal infinity sil2100 rbalint doko mwhudson philroche tdaitx xnox Odd_Bloke slangasek

 15:05 <cyphermox> I totally did not cheat to go first.

 15:05 <cyphermox> please believe me.

 15:06 <cyphermox> artful:

 15:06 <cyphermox> - more shim-12 build fixes

 15:06 <cyphermox> - needs more work; it's not booting. :'(

 15:06 <cyphermox> - netplan: fix systemd generator crash if called directly (bug LP: #1714267)

 15:06 <cyphermox> xenial:

 15:06 <cyphermox> - wpa SRU for "device not ready" (bug LP: #1576024)

 15:06 <cyphermox> other stuff:

 15:06 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1714267 in nplan (Ubuntu) "segfault on bad usage of generator" [Low,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1714267

 15:06 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1576024 in ubiquity (Ubuntu Xenial) "Wifi "device not ready" after booting into OS for the 1st time" [Undecided,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1576024

 15:06 <cyphermox> - ubiquity reviews/merges

 15:06 <cyphermox> - gave feedback to slashd on modernizing the pcp package

 15:06 <cyphermox> - image testing

 15:06 <cyphermox> (done)

 15:06 <tdaitx> cyphermox, and you totally didn't cheat to get steve last

 15:07 <gaughen> rcj:

 15:07 <cyphermox> tdaitx: happy coincidence, I was too lazy to sed him out of the list today

 15:07 <rcj> rcj:

 15:07 <rcj> * Public holiday

 15:07 <rcj> * Meetings with Cloud partners

 15:07 <rcj> * Assisting with build failures for cloud-images

 15:07 <rcj> * Updating cloud-image tools to replicate new LXD-based buildd env

 15:07 <rcj> (done)

 15:07 <Tribaal> (fginther is out)

 15:08 <Tribaal> bdmurray:

 15:08 <bdmurray> A couple of holidays

 15:08 <bdmurray> confirmed apport update on the production error tracker was good

 15:08 <bdmurray> tested and uploaded Xenial and Zesty fixes for xfsprogs (LP: #1696102)

 15:08 <bdmurray> merged update-manager MP fixing livepatch ngettext issue (LP: #1714489)

 15:08 <bdmurray> merged update-notifier MP fixing livepatch ngettext issue

 15:08 <bdmurray> overrode some update-manager false positive ET regressions

 15:08 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1696102 in xfsprogs (Ubuntu Zesty) "xfs/073 test fails with Metadata corruption detected on xfs file system (xfsprogs)" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1696102

 15:08 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1714489 in update-manager (Ubuntu) "Can't translate singular" [High,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1714489

 15:09 <bdmurray> tested gdm3 vs lightdm lock screen issue, reported it (LP: #1715435)

 15:09 <bdmurray> triaged systemd slow boot bug (LP: #1713984)

 15:09 <bdmurray> reviewed seb128's update-notifier MPs regarding wayland (LP: #1697381)

 15:09 <bdmurray> reported bug regarding touchpad not staying disabled (LP: #1715479)

 15:09 <bdmurray> installed artful daily images and xenial desktop  to check /boot size

 15:09 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1715435 in lightdm (Ubuntu) "Can't lock screen with keyboard shortcuts when using lightdm" [Medium,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1715435

 15:09 <bdmurray> reported bug regarding plymouth not accepting passphrase (LP: #1715490)

 15:09 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1713984 in systemd (Ubuntu Artful) "started raise network interfaces - times out" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1713984

 15:09 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1697381 in update-notifier (Ubuntu Artful) "update-notifier segfaults under wayland (trying to use xorg clipboard to see if it's already started)" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1697381

 15:09 <bdmurray> ✔ done

 15:09 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1715479 in gnome-shell (Ubuntu) "Touchpad won't stay disabled after resuming from suspend" [High,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1715479

 15:09 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1715490 in plymouth (Ubuntu) "pretty version of plymouth won't accept passphrase" [High,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1715490

 15:09 <bdmurray> xnox:

 15:09 <xnox> progressing with debugging scalingstack datasource issue with netplan images

 15:09 <xnox> progressing with subiquity i18n

 15:09 <xnox> fixing glibc xlocale.h fallout, too low shlibs generation

 15:09 <xnox> complete ocaml mini-transition with frama-c/ocaml

 15:09 <xnox> fixing adt tests from ifupdown drop

 15:09 <xnox> #HIGHLIGHT glibc2.26 uploaded, regressions are being fixed in proposed at the moment

 15:09 <xnox> #HIGHLIGHT cloud images without ifupdown are being debugged on clouds with mixed results

 15:09 <xnox> done

 15:09 <Tribaal> * [Highlight] Artful vagrant images now have a "vagrant" user on top of the default "ubuntu" user. That should provide the vagrant community with an experience more consistent with their expectations, and streamline the usual vagrant workflow and tools.

 15:09 <Tribaal> * Lots of new code is being added to ubuntu-image, so some time was spend on reviews there.

 15:09 <Tribaal> * Looked at a xenial AWS image problem where grub config would come back as having differences after updating a kernel, when no differences should exist.

 15:09 <Tribaal> * Windows (!) machine setup for "A Project™". Why people would choose Windows as a development environment is blowing my mind in a bad way.

 15:09 <Tribaal> (done)

 15:10 <Tribaal> it was totally not xnox's turn

 15:10 <xnox> Tribaal, totally jumped the gun

 15:10 <doko> he's still young ...

 15:10 <xnox> i lame bdmurray

 15:10 <sil2100> infinity not around

 15:11 <sil2100> I guess it's me?

 15:11 <sil2100> - Prepared, tested and released WALA 2.2.16

 15:11 <sil2100> - uvp-monitor:

 15:11 <sil2100> * Cleaned up copyright, did some minor fixes related to autostart

 15:11 <sil2100> * Some additional testing done on the T-Systems instances

 15:11 <sil2100> * Prepared FFE for including the new package into the Ubuntu archives

 15:11 <sil2100> - Poking the LP team about a py3 bug in lazr.restfulclient

 15:11 <sil2100> - With that fixed ^, proposed changes to kernel-sru-review to make it work with ESM

 15:11 <sil2100> - ubuntu-image:

 15:11 <sil2100> * Synced up on u-i classic progress

 15:11 <sil2100> * Merged in the hook API branch to classic, fixed up some tests

 15:11 <sil2100> * Initial review of the classic builder branch

 15:11 <sil2100> - Regular SRU reviews

 15:11 <sil2100> - Prepared google-cloud-sdk 169 for partner

 15:11 <sil2100> (done)

 15:12 <rbalint> * lot of on-off image preparations

 15:12 <rbalint> * Debian uploads: wireshark, libcec, several go packages

 15:12 * xnox * blame, not lame

 15:12 <rbalint> * (highlight) finished major update to unattended-upgrades on Debian & Ubuntu side, please test (LP: #1714019, LP: #1690980, etc.)

 15:12 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1714019 in unattended-upgrades (Ubuntu) "Please merge unattended-upgrades 0.96 (main) from Debian unstable (main)" [Undecided,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1714019

 15:12 <rbalint> yy

 15:12 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1690980 in OEM Priority Project "unattended-upgrades does not block shutdown of system, as it is designed to" [Critical,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1690980

 15:12 <rbalint> (done)

 15:12 <doko> - worked on getting gcc-X/Y building with glibc-2.26

 15:12 <doko> integrated patches upstream

 15:12 <doko> - backport ppc64el patch to fix ffmpeg miscompilation

 15:12 <doko> - tried to cross-build glibc-2.26 / cross-toolchain-base,

 15:12 <doko> currently fails with linker error.

 15:12 <doko> https://launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/cross-toolchain-base/18ubuntu1/+build/13343473

 15:12 <doko> - update the maven packages to get into a consistent shape,

 15:12 <doko> still some build failures.

 15:12 <doko> - Drop the obsolete _pyFPE extension from python2.7 and 3.6. Seen when

 15:12 <doko> original working on the SRU LP: #1638695.

 15:12 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1638695 in python2.7 (Ubuntu Xenial) "Python 2.7.12 performance regression" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1638695

 15:12 <doko> - elfutils update

 15:12 <doko> - MIR's

 15:13 <doko> (done)

 15:13 <philroche> - Partner cloud automated tests of images build in new build environment

 15:13 <philroche> - Cloud images build system vanguard

 15:13 <philroche> (done)

 15:13 <philroche> tdaitx:

 15:13 <tdaitx> * Investigating LP: #1710674 with new user info

 15:13 <tdaitx> - setting up environment to reproduce the issue

 15:13 <tdaitx> * Checked LP: #1714956, but user has not provided reproducer, not much to go on

 15:13 <tdaitx> * Created recipe to build openjdk-8 with slowdebug, but needs more testing

 15:13 <tdaitx> - installed binary needs to be manually stripped and gdb forced to use debug/source location; weird since it works fine in the normal product build

 15:13 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1710674 in openjdk-8 (Ubuntu) "Segmentation fault in os::write_memory_serialize_page " [Undecided,Incomplete] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1710674

 15:13 <tdaitx> * Looking into a few build failures for java apps due to maven version

 15:13 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1714956 in openjdk-8 (Ubuntu) "OpenJDK segfaults randomly when running jenkins" [Undecided,Incomplete] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1714956

 15:13 <tdaitx> - following up on mail thread about it

 15:13 <tdaitx> - ebourg suggested additional flags for the build

 15:13 <tdaitx> * Other

 15:13 <tdaitx> - running some work stuff from lxd container, had some trouble with apparmor and pulseaudio, rtkit was to blame (good riddance)

 15:13 <tdaitx> - today is a holiday, will swap it later

 15:13 <tdaitx> (done)

 15:14 <tdaitx> xnox: 2nd round?

 15:14 <xnox> see above

 15:14 <xnox> done

 15:15 <cyphermox> #topic Bugs

 15:15 <cyphermox> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-aa-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 15:15 <cyphermox> [link] http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-aa-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 15:15 <cyphermox> hrm.

 15:15 <cyphermox> [LINK] http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-aa-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 15:15 <cyphermox> no feedback I guess

 15:16 <bdmurray> I added bug 1715490 there

 15:16 <ubottu> bug 1715490 in plymouth (Ubuntu) "pretty version of plymouth won't accept passphrase" [High,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1715490

 15:16 <bdmurray> But I wonder if it isn't something with kvm and virt-manager

 15:16 <bdmurray> It happened with artful and xenial

 15:16 <cyphermox> yeah, I saw weird thigns with plymouth lately, I was wondering if it was qemu

 15:19 <bdmurray> Do we think the importance is correct?

 15:19 <cyphermox> yeah, I suppose so

 15:19 <cyphermox> it's correct for my use case anyway :)

 15:21 <cpaelzer> cyphermox: plymouth hangs with qxl driver

 15:21 <cpaelzer> cyphermox: there is a bug if you want soemthing to track or chime in

 15:22 <cyphermox> cpaelzer: ta, let's do this off-meeting

 15:30 <cyphermox> ok, moving on to tracking bugs

 15:30 <cyphermox> [LINK] http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-aa-tracking-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 15:31 <cyphermox> there are two bugs there to Canonical Foundations team, do we want to assign to specific people?

 15:31 <cyphermox> assign to the absent, since they can't object?

 15:32 <cyphermox> #topic AOB

 15:33 <cyphermox> any other bidnes?

 15:33 <gaughen> cyphermox, I scheduled a discussion about tracking for Monday, we can figure out a plan then.

 15:33 <doko> please get -proposed clean

 15:33 <cyphermox> cool

 15:33 <cyphermox> doko: +1

 15:33 * sil2100 will try to help with that

 15:33 <doko> maybe it's just the autopkg testers needing to catch up, but ...

 15:34 * rbalint too

 15:34 <gaughen> k

 15:34 <doko> there are a lot of failing autopkg tests

 15:34 * rbalint is also processing ftbfs ones

 15:34 <cyphermox> what about that issue xnox noticed with NM and glibc?

 15:34 <doko> is there a record which ones we overrode before?

 15:34 <cyphermox> is that somethign we should be concerned about?

 15:34 <doko> cyphermox: migrate glibc now, and investigate later?

 15:35 <doko> we will find new ftbfs with a test rebuild anyway, so better start that early

 15:35 <cyphermox> that's not a ftbfs though

 15:35 <doko> no, but the xlocale.h ones

 15:35 <xnox> cyphermox, filed a bug upstream against dpkg.

 15:35 <cyphermox> ok

 15:36 <xnox> cyphermox, somehow network-manager manages to get a Version Reference without any any of the dynamic symbols from a higher up glibc version. I have no idea how common this is.

 15:37 <cyphermox> doko: this concerns me, re: upgrade process; maybe not for NM just yet, but eventually we might hit some package that needs libc, but libc not yet upgraded

 15:38 <cyphermox> it depends on the order in which things will run?

 15:38 <xnox> as in, if network-manager is a unique snowflake that manages to use no new dynamic symbols.

 15:39 <doko> sure, but that can be sorted out later, or you'll have to do a search of the whole release pocket for those symbols now

 15:39 <xnox> doko, yes.

 15:39 <xnox> doko, as discussed on the call....

 15:39 <doko> are you volunteering?

 15:39 <doko> oops, muted

 15:39 <cyphermox> then is this the kind of thing we can avoid in the future with careful application of autopkgtests?

 15:40 <xnox> doko, well yeah. i filed a bug upstream, it is reproducible in debian, so will see.

 15:40 <doko> xnox: #?

 15:42 <cyphermox> anything else?

 15:43 <doko> xnox: do you have a reduced test case for that symbol issue?

 15:43 <xnox> doko, not quite no. as there are no new dynamic symbols used, yet somehow a higher version dep gets added.

 15:44 <cyphermox> that's the thing, it's not necessarily easy to make a reduced test case for this when we don't know why it comes up this way

 15:45 <cyphermox> (so my question wrt. autopkgtests for glibc was about is this catchable by some carefully crafted autopkgtest in glibc watching for its own symbols and whether dpkg-gensymbols or whatnot does the right thing

 15:45 * cyphermox shrugs*

 15:45 <cyphermox> doko: xnox: good to close the meeting or do we want to dsicuss this more?

 15:46 <doko> no

 15:46 <cyphermox> alrighty then

 15:46 <cyphermox> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)