== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting: ubuntu-server-team, 07 Mar at 16:01 &mdash; 16:37 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2017/ubuntu-meeting.2017-03-07-16.01.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Review ACTION points from previous meeting ===
The discussion about "Review ACTION points from previous meeting" started at 16:02.

  * ''ACTION:'' : rbasak, powersj, cpaelzer to draft mysql triage response page like nginx has

=== Zesty Development ===
The discussion about "Zesty Development" started at 16:07.

  * ''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ZestyZapus/ReleaseSchedule 
  * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/linux/+bug/1670311 
 * '''blueprints''' (16:10)
  * ''LINK:'' #https://blueprints.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+spec/servercloud-z-server-core 
  * ''LINK:'' https://blueprints.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+spec/servercloud-z-server-core 
  * blueprint looks good, no active major items outstanding
  * cpaelzer gave an FYI on a ppc64el crypto bug in 4.10 that might block dep8 tests
 * '''Release Bugs''' (16:13)
  * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-z-tracking-bug-tasks.html#ubuntu-server 
  * cpaelzer elaborated on the pro/con of bug 1670481
  * no other "big issues" on there for now
  * zesty fix uploads to dpdk, qemu, libvirt last week

=== Server & Cloud Bugs & SRU/Pending Uploads (caribou) ===
The discussion about "Server & Cloud Bugs & SRU/Pending Uploads (caribou)" started at 16:18.

  * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-x-tracking-bug-tasks.html#ubuntu-server 
  * STS SRU are pending for :sssd, gtk+3.0, nfs-utils, multipath-tools, sosreport, tftp-hpa
  * rbasak looking into tftp-hpa currently, but git import is blocked

=== Weekly Updates & Questions for the QA Team (powersj) ===
The discussion about "Weekly Updates & Questions for the QA Team (powersj)" started at 16:22.

  * ''LINK:'' https://jenkins.ubuntu.com/server/ 
  * powersj fixed a lot of issues, most tests are green again
  * cloud-init and curtin tests up and running again

=== Weekly Updates & Questions for the Kernel Team (smb, sforshee) ===
The discussion about "Weekly Updates & Questions for the Kernel Team (smb, sforshee)" started at 16:27.

  * bcache issues fixed soonish (blocked some server related work)

=== Upcoming Call For Papers ===
The discussion about "Upcoming Call For Papers" started at 16:30.

  * ''LINK:'' https://lwn.net/Calendar/Monthly/cfp/ 
  * no CFPs to consider at the moment

=== Ubuntu Server Team Events ===
The discussion about "Ubuntu Server Team Events" started at 16:30.

  * no events scheduled

=== Open Discussion ===
The discussion about "Open Discussion" started at 16:31.

  * nacc proposed the idea of a community wide monthly bug-squash day

=== Announce next meeting date, time and chair ===
The discussion about "Announce next meeting date, time and chair" started at 16:36.

  * next chair on 14th march will be nacc



== Vote results ==




== Action items, by person ==

 * cpaelzer
  * : rbasak, powersj, cpaelzer to draft mysql triage response page like nginx has
 * powersj
  * : rbasak, powersj, cpaelzer to draft mysql triage response page like nginx has
 * rbasak
  * : rbasak, powersj, cpaelzer to draft mysql triage response page like nginx has



== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * cpaelzer (126)
 * nacc (25)
 * jgrimm (20)
 * powersj (14)
 * rharper (12)
 * rbasak (9)
 * caribou (5)
 * ubottu (4)
 * meetingology (4)
 * smb (2)
 * smoser (1)
 * Odd_Bloke (1)



== Full Log ==


 16:01 <cpaelzer> #startmeeting ubuntu-server-team

 16:01 <meetingology> Meeting started Tue Mar  7 16:01:45 2017 UTC.  The chair is cpaelzer. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:01 <meetingology> 

 16:01 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 16:01 <nacc> o/

 16:02 <cpaelzer> ok, seo helle overybody - lets start as usual with

 16:02 <rharper> o/

 16:02 <cpaelzer> #topic Review ACTION points from previous meeting

 16:02 <caribou> \o

 16:02 <rbasak> o/

 16:02 <cpaelzer> first was "ACTION: nacc to ping release team on removing src:postgresql-9.6 and src:php7.1"

 16:02 <cpaelzer> nacc: I know about one of them

 16:02 <cpaelzer> could you elaborate on both?

 16:03 <nacc> both are done

 16:03 <cpaelzer> yay

 16:03 <smoser> o/

 16:03 <nacc> well, the first by migrating postgresql-9.6 in

 16:03 <nacc> so 'done', albeit differently than the action ;)

 16:04 <cpaelzer> ok, so the next one would be powersj

 16:04 * cpaelzer powersj to see about getting the lxd team onto torkoal

 16:04 <powersj> done

 16:04 <cpaelzer> yay#2

 16:04 <powersj> stgraber helped clean things up

 16:04 <cpaelzer> I remember

 16:04 <jgrimm> any idea how it got so borked up?

 16:04 <cpaelzer> powersj: do we already have an understanding how it could happen?

 16:04 <jgrimm> :)

 16:05 <powersj> jumping between versions of lxd and not cleaning everything up

 16:05 <cpaelzer> I happen to know that it can break without that

 16:05 <cpaelzer> but

 16:05 <powersj> true :)

 16:05 <cpaelzer> I'm fine to ait until it happens

 16:05 <cpaelzer> "wait" rather

 16:05 <powersj> and we did see that one failure, and then it went away

 16:05 <cpaelzer> ok, thank you powersj

 16:05 <cpaelzer> for now all are unblocked and the action is done

 16:06 <cpaelzer> number 3: ACTION: rbasak, powersj, cpaelzer to draft mysql triage response page like nginx has

 16:06 <cpaelzer> I did nothing, did anybody start on that?

 16:06 <powersj> nope... sorry

 16:06 <cpaelzer> rbasak: ?

 16:07 <cpaelzer> lets take that as a no and keep the action for next week as well

 16:07 <cpaelzer> #ACTION: rbasak, powersj, cpaelzer to draft mysql triage response page like nginx has

 16:07 * meetingology : rbasak, powersj, cpaelzer to draft mysql triage response page like nginx has

 16:07 <rbasak> I haven't started on it, sorry. Please carry forward.

 16:07 <cpaelzer> #topic Zesty Development

 16:07 <cpaelzer> #link https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ZestyZapus/ReleaseSchedule

 16:08 <cpaelzer> anything general before we go to blueprint and bugs?

 16:08 <jgrimm> i don't have anything

 16:08 <cpaelzer> ... well I have :-)

 16:08 <jgrimm> go for it

 16:08 <cpaelzer> fyi - if you happen to be blocked on ppc based test verification fails based on encryption

 16:08 <cpaelzer> (as I was)

 16:08 <cpaelzer> consider checking if it could be the following bug

 16:09 <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/linux/+bug/1670311

 16:09 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1666483 in linux (Ubuntu Zesty) "duplicate for #1670311 ecryptfs fails to load block cipher on ppc64el " [Undecided,Fix committed]

 16:09 <cpaelzer> TL;DR various crypto options fail with current 4.10 kernel

 16:09 <cpaelzer> but fix is known and enqueued

 16:09 <jgrimm> interesting. thanks

 16:09 <cpaelzer> so no need to bother the kernel Team more than I already did

 16:10 <cpaelzer> btw kernel Team, pinging smb for later

 16:10 <cpaelzer> #subtopic blueprints

 16:10 <cpaelzer> #https://blueprints.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+spec/servercloud-z-server-core

 16:10 <cpaelzer> #link #https://blueprints.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+spec/servercloud-z-server-core

 16:11 <cpaelzer> I saw some updates there

 16:11 <cpaelzer> #link https://blueprints.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+spec/servercloud-z-server-core

 16:11 <cpaelzer> any of those calls should do :-/

 16:11 <cpaelzer> is there anything big outstanding that one wants to discuss?

 16:11 <rbasak> Remember to keep up the meetingology commentary to save writing minutes later.

 16:11 <cpaelzer> I take this as a no, and will go on

 16:12 <cpaelzer> thanks, true

 16:12 <cpaelzer> #info blueprint looks good, no active major items outstanding

 16:13 <jgrimm> indeed, very happy with how much we got done this cycle. and jumping on it early

 16:13 <cpaelzer> #info cpaelzer gave an FYI on a ppc64el crypto bug in 4.10 that might block dep8 tests

 16:13 <cpaelzer> #subtopic Release Bugs

 16:13 <cpaelzer> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-z-tracking-bug-tasks.html#ubuntu-server

 16:13 <cpaelzer> I can say that I submitted a pack of new versions - DPDK (Stable release), New Qemu (CVE/Log fix), Libvirt (device format, apparmor for virt-manager)

 16:13 <cpaelzer> anything on the list of open issues you want to go into?

 16:14 <cpaelzer> any majore bvugfix uploads to zesty happened last week?

 16:14 <cpaelzer> wow typo-master 2000

 16:15 <cpaelzer> I heard rharper and smoser talk about bug 1670481 yesterday

 16:15 <ubottu> Error: Could not gather data from Launchpad for bug #1670481 (https://launchpad.net/bugs/1670481). The error has been logged

 16:15 <cpaelzer> which is on that list

 16:15 <cpaelzer> I triaged and started the discussion with IBM

 16:15 <cpaelzer> but I think it might be an SRU deadlock

 16:15 <rharper> cpaelzer: +1

 16:15 <cpaelzer> either it is important enough to be an SRU, but then it changes behaviour and does not qualify

 16:15 <cpaelzer> or not ...

 16:15 <jgrimm> has upstream accepted it?

 16:15 <rharper> I don't think so

 16:15 <cpaelzer> upstream accepted

 16:15 <rharper> it's just a patch at this point

 16:15 <rharper> really?

 16:15 <cpaelzer> it is in 2.9

 16:16 * rharper goes home

 16:16 <cpaelzer> so we have forward order up to qemu 2.4

 16:16 <jgrimm> ok, i was going to be -1 if it wasn't upstream

 16:16 <cpaelzer> 2.5-2.8 reverse

 16:16 <cpaelzer> and then forward again

 16:16 <rharper> well, let's just say that the churn will hopefully encourage folks to not rely on it

 16:16 <cpaelzer> that for sure

 16:16 <cpaelzer> and I'm ok pulling into zesty (as a pre-2.9)

 16:17 <cpaelzer> but SRU they have to be pretty convincing

 16:17 <cpaelzer> not yet

 16:17 <rharper> right

 16:17 <jgrimm> ack

 16:17 <cpaelzer> #info cpaelzer elaborated on the pro/con of bug 1670481

 16:17 <ubottu> Error: Could not gather data from Launchpad for bug #1670481 (https://launchpad.net/bugs/1670481). The error has been logged

 16:17 <cpaelzer> #info no other "big issues" on there for now

 16:18 <cpaelzer> #info zesty fix uploads to dpdk, qemu, libvirt last week

 16:18 <jgrimm> was is that lookup failing?

 16:18 <cpaelzer> anything else?

 16:18 <jgrimm> ubottu you are failing us

 16:18 <ubottu> jgrimm: I am only a bot, please don't think I'm intelligent :)

 16:18 <cpaelzer> jgrimm: sometimes it fails

 16:18 <jgrimm> :)

 16:18 <cpaelzer> #topic Server & Cloud Bugs & SRU/Pending Uploads (caribou)

 16:19 <cpaelzer> caribou: your time

 16:19 <cpaelzer> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-x-tracking-bug-tasks.html#ubuntu-server

 16:19 <caribou> Here are the SRU we're looking ata :

 16:19 <caribou> #info STS SRU are pending for :sssd, gtk+3.0, nfs-utils, multipath-tools, sosreport, tftp-hpa

 16:19 <cpaelzer> thanks, I also sponsored a libvirt (trusty) one from STS

 16:20 <cpaelzer> also nacc you might be happy to hear that I tested and finally sponsored that azure fix into xenial

 16:20 <rbasak> I've just been looking at tftp-hpa for you caribou, but I started with wanting a git tree to do diffs and the import is failing. I'm currently in that rabbithole :)

 16:20 <cpaelzer> waiting for the SRU tema

 16:20 <nacc> cpaelzer: ah excellent! Odd_Bloke will be happy :)

 16:20 <Odd_Bloke> \o/

 16:21 <cpaelzer> anything else for caribou or in-Release SRUs ?

 16:21 <caribou> rbasak: good thanks. why don't you diff the src pkg ?

 16:22 <cpaelzer> #info rbasak looking into tftp-hpa currently, but git import is blocked

 16:22 <rbasak> caribou: I can do that, sure. But then I have to fetch things I want to diff against piecemeal. Using git everything is easier :-)

 16:22 <rbasak> If I can't fix it soon, then sure I'll do it by hand.

 16:22 <caribou> rbasak: indeed

 16:22 <cpaelzer> ok, moving on to powersj then

 16:22 <cpaelzer> #topic Weekly Updates & Questions for the QA Team (powersj)

 16:23 <cpaelzer> #link https://jenkins.ubuntu.com/server/

 16:23 <powersj> Debug lots of test failures last week, bit of curtin vmtest development for daily tests, and got test systems back to sane status. All tests were green over the weekend. Trusty ppc64el ISO testing is also now functional.

 16:23 <powersj> If I get access to staging.launchpad.net I want to work on auto landing for curtin and cloud-init. Untill then I have a few jenkins test related items I need to clean up, look into cloud-init to understand more about how setup.py is setup, as well as triage today and some bug work.

 16:23 <powersj> And as of yesterday, we finally have cloud-init ci tests up and running again \o/

 16:23 <cpaelzer> powersj: gz

 16:24 <cpaelzer> powersj: was the debugging to debug the tests or test-env, or into issues they uncovered?

 16:24 <jgrimm> powersj, \o/

 16:24 <powersj> cpaelzer: mix of both, we had the lxd issues, which I filed two bugs against lxd and got fixes for, but also the system getting borked

 16:25 <cpaelzer> ok powersj

 16:25 <powersj> plus downreving lxd found some issues with our curtin vmtest daily job, so had to fix those up withsmoser

 16:25 <cpaelzer> getting better every time

 16:25 <powersj> yes time to go break more stuff then and write more tests ;)

 16:25 <jgrimm> it should also be noted that the ppc64el ISO testing is Not Yet gating.  That is next.

 16:26 <cpaelzer> fyi I also experimented with avocado a bit (qemu testing) but that is unessesarily complex for what you want to do

 16:26 <cpaelzer> so not jumping on it right now

 16:26 <powersj> that was my assessment as well :)

 16:26 <cpaelzer> #info powersj fixed a lot of issues, most tests are green again

 16:27 <cpaelzer> #info cloud-init and curtin tests up and running again

 16:27 <cpaelzer> #topic Weekly Updates & Questions for the Kernel Team (smb, sforshee)

 16:27 <smb> Not much to report. The bcache naming should be fixed soonish (or maybe has) there was something cpaelzer had which I forgot about.

 16:27 <rharper> \o.

 16:27 <rharper> smb: thans

 16:27 <cpaelzer> smb: I reported on the ase-xts thing before

 16:27 * rharper 's keyboard needs a new battery

 16:27 <cpaelzer> Oh that is a good excuse rharper

 16:27 <cpaelzer> mine too

 16:27 <rharper> hehe

 16:27 * cpaelzer has no keyboards with batteries

 16:28 <smb> cpaelzer, oh that... think I saw other people of the team being aware

 16:28 <cpaelzer> great

 16:28 * rbasak keeps his keyboard in the same place, and it has a cord :-)

 16:28 <cpaelzer> #info bcache issues fixed soonish (blocked some server related work)

 16:28 <rbasak> This approach does make for a desk covered in cables though :-/

 16:29 <cpaelzer> I can't choke people without - and I want to so do so often

 16:29 <cpaelzer> maybe it is good to be in home office :-P

 16:29 <cpaelzer> anyway, back to business

 16:29 <nacc> dark

 16:30 <cpaelzer> #topic Upcoming Call For Papers

 16:30 <cpaelzer> #link https://lwn.net/Calendar/Monthly/cfp/

 16:30 <cpaelzer> anything else anybody which is worth to be mentioned here?

 16:30 <cpaelzer> #info no CFPs to consider at the moment

 16:30 <cpaelzer> #topic Ubuntu Server Team Events

 16:31 <cpaelzer> nothing scheduled soon I'd know about

 16:31 <jgrimm> ditto

 16:31 <cpaelzer> jgrimm: do we have anything I forget?

 16:31 <cpaelzer> ach you were fast

 16:31 <cpaelzer> ok

 16:31 <jgrimm> :)

 16:31 <cpaelzer> #info no events scheduled

 16:31 <cpaelzer> #topic Open Discussion

 16:31 <cpaelzer> release all you have held back

 16:31 <nacc> i had a thought for something we could do to encourage community participation

 16:31 <nacc> we just crested 400 bugs in the backlog

 16:32 <nacc> i'd like to propose on the ML a monthly bug-squashing day

 16:32 <nacc> on #ubuntu-server, esp. to get community folk who are interested in taking bitesize

 16:32 <cpaelzer> nacc: I think the day would be great

 16:32 <rbasak> That's a great idea.

 16:32 <powersj> +1

 16:32 <nacc> we can walk folks through using the git tree(s), submitting bugs, asking for sponsorship (and we'd have several of us available throughout the day for that )

 16:32 <cpaelzer> nacc: yet we have to consider the usual can of worms to track that to completion

 16:33 <nacc> of course, but I think the benefit might outweigh it -- and i fear we are too afraid of that and now there is no community participation

 16:33 <cpaelzer> we should just plan at least for us to have the time for that post work

 16:33 <nacc> except for filing more and more bugs that we never get to :/

 16:33 <cpaelzer> nacc: oh I'm clearly +1

 16:33 <jgrimm> do you think you want to get people pre-signed up?  or just randomly show up?

 16:34 <nacc> jgrimm: i think unstructured at first. I think people can subscribe to bugs if they want, and can bring them up in the channel.

 16:34 <nacc> jgrimm: my plan in my e-mail was to specifically call out server-next and bitesize as tags

 16:34 <jgrimm> np, we can learn as we go too

 16:34 <nacc> i think they are not well broadcasted currently

 16:34 <nacc> or maybe they were, but it's been a while, etc.

 16:34 <nacc> and the contributions can even just be helping with testing in various enviroments

 16:35 <nacc> which teaches people how to use lxd, kvm, etc.

 16:35 <nacc> (uvtool...)

 16:35 <nacc> i think all of which is beneficial for both our team and our product(s)

 16:35 <jgrimm> so one thing that sort of came up with rbasak is that given where we are at in the cycle.. some valid fixes, we may still want to hold off on until the beginning of next cycle.. so think about what to do with those type of fixes

 16:35 <nacc> right, i'm assuming most people in this context can't upload

 16:35 <jgrimm> ^^ in context to sponsorship day he floated a couple week ago

 16:36 <nacc> but yeah

 16:36 <cpaelzer> #info nacc proposed the idea of a community wide monthly bug-squash day

 16:36 <cpaelzer> ok to go on for today?

 16:36 <nacc> yep

 16:36 <cpaelzer> #topic Announce next meeting date, time and chair

 16:37 <cpaelzer> nacc: will be next weeks chair

 16:37 <cpaelzer> nacc: ok ?

 16:37 <nacc> cpaelzer: ack

 16:37 <cpaelzer> next tuesday is 14th of march

 16:37 <cpaelzer> see you all here then

 16:37 <cpaelzer> #info next chair on 14th march will be nacc

 16:37 <cpaelzer> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)