== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting: ubuntu-server-team, 07 Nov at 16:01 &mdash; 16:07 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2017/ubuntu-meeting.2017-11-07-16.01.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Review ACTION points from the previous meeting ===
The discussion about "Review ACTION points from the previous meeting" started at 16:01.


=== Ubuntu Server Development ===
The discussion about "Ubuntu Server Development" started at 16:03.

  * ''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/BionicBeaver/ReleaseSchedule 
  * ''LINK:'' https://trello.com/b/U9HhWyT0/daily-ubuntu-server 
  * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-bb-tracking-bug-tasks.html#ubuntu-server 

=== Server & Cloud Bugs & SRU/Pending Uploads (slashd, ddstreet) ===
The discussion about "Server & Cloud Bugs & SRU/Pending Uploads (slashd, ddstreet)" started at 16:04.

  * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-bb-tracking-bug-tasks.html#ubuntu-server 
  * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-aa-tracking-bug-tasks.html#ubuntu-server 
  * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-z-tracking-bug-tasks.html#ubuntu-server 
  * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-x-tracking-bug-tasks.html#ubuntu-server 
  * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-t-tracking-bug-tasks.html#ubuntu-server 
  * Nothing really major this week
  * slashd is working on the PCP MIR
  * slashd is working on a new ubuntu-advantage-tools update with sil2100

=== Weekly Updates & Questions for the Kernel Team (smb, sforshee) ===
The discussion about "Weekly Updates & Questions for the Kernel Team (smb, sforshee)" started at 16:06.

  * Nothing (yet) to report.

=== Open Discussion ===
The discussion about "Open Discussion" started at 16:06.

  * Nothing to discuss.

=== Announce next meeting date, time and chair ===
The discussion about "Announce next meeting date, time and chair" started at 16:07.

  * Next meeting Tuesday, 2017-11-14 at 1600 UTC, chair will be ahasenack



== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * rbasak (29)
 * slashd (4)
 * meetingology (3)
 * nacc (2)
 * ubottu (1)
 * dpb1 (1)
 * blackboxsw (1)
 * cpaelzer (1)
 * smb (1)
 * rharper (1)



== Full Log ==


 16:01 <rbasak> #startmeeting ubuntu-server-team

 16:01 <meetingology> Meeting started Tue Nov  7 16:01:41 2017 UTC.  The chair is rbasak. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:01 <meetingology> 

 16:01 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 16:01 <blackboxsw> \o

 16:01 <rbasak> #topic Review ACTION points from the previous meeting

 16:01 <rbasak> * dpb1 to follow up on LP: #1686437

 16:01 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1686437 in simplestreams (Ubuntu Zesty) "glance sync: need keystone v3 auth support" [Medium,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1686437

 16:02 <rbasak> dpb isn't here right now. Let's move on.

 16:03 <cpaelzer> I was keeping him busy, but he also has a conflicting meeting now

 16:03 <rbasak> #topic Ubuntu Server Development

 16:03 <rbasak> #link https://wiki.ubuntu.com/BionicBeaver/ReleaseSchedule

 16:03 <rbasak> #link https://trello.com/b/U9HhWyT0/daily-ubuntu-server

 16:03 <rbasak> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-bb-tracking-bug-tasks.html#ubuntu-server

 16:03 <dpb1> o/

 16:03 <rbasak> Anything to discuss about Bionic development in general?

 16:04 <nacc> the builders are waterlogged still

 16:04 <nacc> so be patient, and you'll get lots of nag emails :)

 16:04 <rbasak> #topic Server & Cloud Bugs & SRU/Pending Uploads (slashd, ddstreet)

 16:04 <rbasak> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-bb-tracking-bug-tasks.html#ubuntu-server

 16:04 <rbasak> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-aa-tracking-bug-tasks.html#ubuntu-server

 16:04 <rbasak> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-z-tracking-bug-tasks.html#ubuntu-server

 16:04 <rbasak> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-x-tracking-bug-tasks.html#ubuntu-server

 16:04 <rbasak> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-t-tracking-bug-tasks.html#ubuntu-server

 16:04 <rbasak> slashd, ddstreet: around?

 16:05 <slashd> rbasak, oh right meeting change time

 16:05 <slashd> I'm here but not prepared, nothing really major this week, working on PCP MIR (got a ACK from security team)

 16:05 <rbasak> #info Nothing really major this week

 16:05 <slashd> and working on releasing a new version pkg for ubuntu-advantage-tools with sil2100

 16:05 <rbasak> #info slashd is working on the PCP MIR

 16:06 <rbasak> #info slashd is working on a new ubuntu-advantage-tools update with sil2100

 16:06 <rbasak> Thanks slashd!

 16:06 <rharper> o/

 16:06 <rbasak> #topic Weekly Updates & Questions for the Kernel Team (smb, sforshee)

 16:06 <slashd> rbasak, yw, sorry for not being more prepare

 16:06 <smb> Nothing (yet) to report.

 16:06 <rbasak> #info Nothing (yet) to report.

 16:06 <rbasak> Thanks smb!

 16:06 <rbasak> #topic Open Discussion

 16:06 <rbasak> Anything to discuss?

 16:07 <rbasak> #info Nothing to discuss.

 16:07 <rbasak> #topic Announce next meeting date, time and chair

 16:07 <rbasak> #info Next meeting Tuesday, 2017-11-14 at 1600 UTC, chair will be ahasenack

 16:07 <rbasak> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)