== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 27 Mar at 16:30 &mdash; 16:43 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2017/ubuntu-meeting.2017-03-27-16.30.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting 
=== Announcements ===
The discussion about "Announcements" started at 16:30.


=== Weekly stand-up report ===
The discussion about "Weekly stand-up report" started at 16:31.


=== Highlighted packages ===
The discussion about "Highlighted packages" started at 16:40.

  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/djbdns.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/git-annex.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/flightgear.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/t-coffee.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/ntop.html 

=== Miscellaneous and Questions ===
The discussion about "Miscellaneous and Questions" started at 16:41.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * tyhicks (33)
 * mdeslaur (8)
 * sarnold (6)
 * jdstrand (6)
 * ratliff (5)
 * meetingology (3)
 * ubottu (2)



== Full Log ==


 16:30 <tyhicks> #startmeeting

 16:30 <meetingology> Meeting started Mon Mar 27 16:30:26 2017 UTC.  The chair is tyhicks. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:30 <meetingology> 

 16:30 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 16:30 <tyhicks> The meeting agenda can be found at:

 16:30 <tyhicks> [LINK] https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting

 16:30 <tyhicks> [TOPIC] Announcements

 16:30 <tyhicks> Jeremy Bicha (jbicha) provided debdiffs for trusty-yakkety for audiofile (LP: #1674005)

 16:30 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1674005 in audiofile (Ubuntu Yakkety) "audiofile: Multiple security issues from March 2017" [Medium,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1674005

 16:30 <tyhicks> James Cowgill (jcowgill) provided debdiffs for xenial and yakkety for mbedtls (LP: #1672686)

 16:30 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1672686 in polarssl (Debian) "CVE-2017-2784 - Freeing of memory allocated on stack when validating a public key with a secp224k1 curve" [Unknown,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1672686

 16:31 <tyhicks> Thank you for your assistance in keeping Ubuntu users secure! :)

 16:31 <tyhicks> [TOPIC] Weekly stand-up report

 16:31 <tyhicks> jdstrand: you're up

 16:31 <jdstrand> last week was dominated by store reviews, looking into a snappy regression and working through various snap declarations that exposed various interesting corner cases. I also helped triage several partner and Personal issues. I did get to a few snappy reviews, but more remain

 16:31 <jdstrand> This is a short week (off Friday) and this week I plan to:

 16:31 <jdstrand> - store reviews

 16:31 <jdstrand> - continue reviewing snappy PRs. I suspect this to take most of/if not all of my time

 16:31 <jdstrand> - if have time, move to k8s interface and picking up remaining bits of seccomp arg filtering

 16:31 <jdstrand> that's it for me. mdeslaur, you're up

 16:32 <mdeslaur> I'm on bug triage this week

 16:32 <mdeslaur> and I have some gstreamer updates I'm about to release

 16:32 <mdeslaur> I'm also waiting for samba upstream to take a look at the regression in the current security updates

 16:32 <mdeslaur> and I'll pick something up from the list

 16:32 <mdeslaur> that's it for me, sbeattie?

 16:33 <mdeslaur> err, he's out I think

 16:33 <sarnold> sbeattie's out this week except for wed

 16:33 <mdeslaur> who's next

 16:33 <tyhicks> I'm up

 16:33 <tyhicks> I'm in the happy place though I think I'll need to pick up cve triage this week

 16:34 <tyhicks> I'm testing an embargoed update right now

 16:34 <tyhicks> I'm helping out with another

 16:34 <tyhicks> I'll publish apparmor updates once I get the green light

 16:34 <tyhicks> and I'm still trying to return to my seccomp work

 16:35 <tyhicks> oh, I also need to finish configuring the build infrastructure for 12.04 ESM

 16:35 <tyhicks> sarnold: you're up

 16:36 <sarnold> I'm in happy place this week, I could also pick up some cve triage; also going to do the shadow update. at this point it's been ignored enough that half of it will be re-discovering what 's done and what sitll remains to be done :/

 16:36 <sarnold> then back to mirs

 16:37 <sarnold> that's it for me, is it chrisccoulson? or back to tyhicks?

 16:37 <tyhicks> Chris is out

 16:37 <tyhicks> on to ratliff

 16:38 <ratliff> I'm on community this week. I was planning on backfilling some of the CVE triage as well. We can draw straws for days

 16:38 <ratliff> I also have a review to request of sarnold

 16:39 <ratliff> Some internal items to complete

 16:39 <ratliff> and then back to updates for vivid-based core & touch

 16:39 <ratliff> back to you tyhicks

 16:40 <tyhicks> thanks

 16:40 <tyhicks> [TOPIC] Highlighted packages

 16:40 <tyhicks> The Ubuntu Security team will highlight some community-supported packages that might be good candidates for updating and or triaging. If you would like to help Ubuntu and not sure where to start, this is a great way to do so.

 16:40 <tyhicks> See https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/UpdateProcedures for details and if you have any questions, feel free to ask in #ubuntu-security. To find out other ways of helping out, please see https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/GettingInvolved.

 16:40 <tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/djbdns.html

 16:40 <tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/git-annex.html

 16:40 <tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/flightgear.html

 16:40 <tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/t-coffee.html

 16:40 <tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/ntop.html

 16:40 <sarnold> djbdns ^^^ I never thought I'd see the day..

 16:40 <mdeslaur> hehe

 16:40 <tyhicks> I knew you wouldn't be able to resist :)

 16:41 <tyhicks> [TOPIC] Miscellaneous and Questions

 16:41 <tyhicks> Does anyone have any other questions or items to discuss?

 16:41 <sarnold> 2008 and 2012. apparently I'm five years behind on my news.

 16:43 <tyhicks> jdstrand, mdeslaur, sarnold, ratliff: Thanks!

 16:43 <tyhicks> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)