== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 16 Mar at 15:01 &mdash; 15:25 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2017/ubuntu-meeting.2017-03-16-15.01.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning round ===
The discussion about "Lightning round" started at 15:01.


=== AOB ===
The discussion about "AOB" started at 15:12.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * slangasek (25)
 * cyphermox (20)
 * ubottu (20)
 * bdmurray (20)
 * tdaitx (13)
 * infinity (10)
 * xnox (10)
 * robru (8)
 * sil2100 (7)
 * caribou (7)
 * barry (4)
 * meetingology (3)
 * chiluk (2)
 * gaughen (1)



== Full Log ==


 15:01 <slangasek> #startmeeting

 15:01 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Mar 16 15:01:07 2017 UTC.  The chair is slangasek. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 15:01 <meetingology> 

 15:01 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 15:01 <cyphermox> hellO!

 15:01 <barry> heLlo!

 15:01 <bdmurray> hEllo!

 15:01 <slangasek> [TOPIC] Lightning round

 15:01 <slangasek> $ echo $(shuf -e barry doko bdmurray slangasek caribou infinity sil2100 robru cyphermox tdaitx xnox chiluk mwhudson)

 15:01 <slangasek> mwhudson barry xnox tdaitx bdmurray caribou sil2100 infinity robru doko cyphermox chiluk slangasek

 15:01 <slangasek> barry:

 15:01 <barry> ubuntu-image: LP: #1638645; released 1.0; SRU verifications done (LP: #1672755)

 15:01 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1638645 in Ubuntu Image "Make ubuntu-image a classic snap" [High,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1638645

 15:01 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1672755 in ubuntu-image (Ubuntu Yakkety) "SRU 1.0 tracking bug" [High,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1672755

 15:02 <barry> other: reviewed subiquity PR#204; reviewed cpython PR#659 (PEP 538); PR#473 ($PYTHONHISTORY); aptdaemon promotion hurty pain; LP: #1673258

 15:02 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1673258 in zeroinstall-injector (Ubuntu Aa-series) "Remove aptdaemon and drop or port its reverse-dependencies" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1673258

 15:02 <barry> --done--

 15:02 <slangasek> xnox:

 15:02 <xnox> Submitted final https://github.com/systemd/systemd/pull/5545 to address https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/systemd/+bug/1668347

 15:02 <xnox> Uploaded SRUs to address https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/s390-tools/+bug/1618463

 15:02 <xnox> Working on cloudimages for rackspace onmetal

 15:02 <xnox> Working on https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/mdadm/+bug/1608495 which affects above (800GB raid rebuild takes an hour, timing out reboots, thus unable to reboot, since there is no serial access)

 15:02 <xnox> Working on apport adt test failures; which may be apt/apt-key failure.

 15:02 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1668347 in systemd (Ubuntu) "Unable to set bridge_portpriority with networkd" [Medium,In progress]

 15:02 <xnox> ..

 15:02 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1618463 in s390-tools (Ubuntu Yakkety) "udev race condition with qeth device and bridge_role" [Undecided,In progress]

 15:02 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1608495 in mdadm (Ubuntu Zesty) "IMSM fakeraid handled by mdadm: unclean mounted volumes on shutdown/reboot" [Critical,Confirmed]

 15:02 <xnox> prepared s390-tools v1.37.1 update (awaiting to be public)

 15:02 <xnox> done

 15:03 <tdaitx> = FTBFS

 15:03 <tdaitx> * cups-pdf (Debian: #857500, LP: #1672101)

 15:03 <tdaitx> * orthanc-dicomweb (Debian: #857424, LP: #1671959)

 15:03 <tdaitx> * orthanc-webviewer (Debian: #857355, LP: #1671955)

 15:03 <tdaitx> * location-service (LP: #1640320)

 15:03 <tdaitx> = JCK

 15:03 <ubottu> Debian bug 857500 in cups-pdf "cups-pdf: cups library should be set last" [Normal,Fixed] http://bugs.debian.org/857500

 15:03 <bdmurray> xnox: you are still working on the apport adt failure?

 15:03 <tdaitx> * requested firewall exception to run interactive tests (ongoing)

 15:03 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1672101 in cups-pdf (Ubuntu) "FTBFS: undefined reference (cups-pdf-3.0.1-2) [zesty/all arches]" [High,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1672101

 15:03 <tdaitx> * requested reinstall of jenkins plugin (done)

 15:03 <ubottu> Debian bug 857424 in orthanc-dicomweb "orthanc-dicomweb: Libraries manually set in wrong order" [Normal,Open] http://bugs.debian.org/857424

 15:03 <tdaitx> * [low priority] follow up - after 4+ months - solutions on accessing arm64/ppc64el for jck: move amd64 to same region, add lower spec amd64 on same region, or get an firewall exception for a vpn (ongoing)

 15:03 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1671959 in orthanc-dicomweb (Debian) "FTBFS: undefined references - affects zesty/all arches (orthanc-dicomweb 0.3+dfsg-1)" [Unknown,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1671959

 15:03 <ubottu> Debian bug 857355 in orthanc-webviewer "orthanc-webviewer: Libraries manually set in wrong order" [Normal,Open] http://bugs.debian.org/857355

 15:03 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1671955 in orthanc-webviewer (Debian) "FTBFS: undefined references - affects zesty/all arches (orthanc-webviewer 2.2-1)" [Unknown,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1671955

 15:03 <tdaitx> * executing full tests

 15:03 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1640320 in location-service (Ubuntu) "FTBFS in zesty" [Undecided,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1640320

 15:03 <tdaitx> = AOB

 15:03 <tdaitx> * Going to MiniDebConf in Curitiba tonight, will be working from coffee shops and university tomorrow (ie. can't guarantee I will be online)

 15:03 <tdaitx> (done)

 15:03 <bdmurray> worked with vanguard in webops regarding hung retrace-amd64 processes

 15:03 <bdmurray> discovered retracer-amd64 processes are all stuck retracing vim crashes from 16.10

 15:03 <xnox> bdmurray, i did some work on it; but need to come back to it; to drive it to completion. The rackspace / raid bug is also as urgent.

 15:03 <bdmurray> submitted RT re increasing frequency of retracers-cache-restart cron job

 15:04 <bdmurray> investigation into apport-retrace / gdb failure with vim crashes

 15:04 <bdmurray> submitted RT re swift download of vim core files

 15:04 <bdmurray> modified daisy's retracer.py to put vim 16.10 crashes at the end of the queue

 15:04 <bdmurray> tested apport solib path changes with test-crashes

 15:04 <bdmurray> xnox: you physically see me though and I'm a terminator

 15:04 <bdmurray> uploaded update-notifier / update-manager fix for LP: #1654008

 15:04 <bdmurray> irc discussion with xnox regarding apport test issue

 15:04 <bdmurray> irc discussion with nacc regarding extract-changelogs

 15:04 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1654008 in update-notifier (Ubuntu Yakkety) "/usr/bin/update-manager:OverflowError:/usr/bin/update-manager@117" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1654008

 15:04 <bdmurray> approved SRU special case of gce-compute-image-packages

 15:04 <bdmurray> dmb work regarding open positions

 15:04 <bdmurray> ✔ done

 15:04 <caribou> LP #1654600 : unattended-upgrades breaks shutdown when /var is FS

 15:04 <caribou> - Identified root cause; waiting for Foundation review of the fix

 15:04 <caribou> LP: #1176046 : Reviewing proposed solution

 15:05 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1654600 in unattended-upgrades (Ubuntu) "unattended-upgrade-shutdown hangs when /var is a separate filesystem" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1654600

 15:05 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1176046 in isc-dhcp (Ubuntu Trusty) "isc-dhcp dhclient listens on extra random ports" [Wishlist,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1176046

 15:05 <caribou> LP: #1342580 - tftp does not start if NIC is down

 15:05 <caribou> - Uploaded Uploaded for SRU to T, X & Y

 15:05 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1342580 in tftp-hpa (Ubuntu Yakkety) "tftpd-hpa doesn't start on boot" [Medium,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1342580

 15:05 <caribou> Meetings

 15:05 <caribou> ☑ Done

 15:05 <infinity> I came in after the shuffle, when am I in?

 15:05 <robru> infinity: it's sil2100 then you then me

 15:06 <gaughen> o/

 15:06 <xnox> gaughen, mumble?

 15:06 <robru> no sil apparently

 15:06 <infinity> - Reverted a snapd update that caused fresh installs to break

 15:06 <infinity> - Helping mvo investigate and deal with fallout from snapd SRU revert

 15:06 <infinity> - Worked on glibc some more, will land by the weekend or not at all

 15:06 <infinity> - General AA/SRU work

 15:06 <infinity> - Fixed a bug in unity-control-center with applets not showing up

 15:06 <infinity> - Discussions with Lubuntu people about PPAs and lubuntu-next

 15:06 <infinity> - Discussions around release sprint stuff

 15:06 <infinity> (done)

 15:07 <robru> britney:

 15:07 <robru> * email policy actually rolled to production

 15:07 <robru> * source ppa grouping fix live in production (LP: #1648000)

 15:07 <robru> bileto:

 15:07 <robru> * fixed for SRU tickets to not include overlay PPA during britney runs (LP: #1665180)

 15:07 <robru> (done)

 15:07 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1648000 in Launchpad itself "need API to discover where a given package is copied from" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1648000

 15:07 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1665180 in Bileto "Britney always included overlay PPA even when ticket does not." [High,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1665180

 15:07 <cyphermox> doko: ?

 15:08 <bdmurray> I didn't get any emails and now I want something to be stuck in -proposed to see what happens!

 15:08 <slangasek> bdmurray: a SCSI terminator?

 15:08 <cyphermox> ok, no doko

 15:08 <cyphermox> zesty:

 15:08 <cyphermox> - fixing netplan autopkgtests

 15:08 <cyphermox> - preparing another netplan release with the last few bits for MAAS: setting MTU, setting custom MAC addresses...

 15:08 <cyphermox> subiquity:

 15:08 <cyphermox> - preparing an nicer image for people to test

 15:08 <cyphermox> - getting snapd to seed snaps in a classic model

 15:08 <cyphermox> shim:

 15:08 <cyphermox> - we're still waiting on it to be signed.

 15:08 <cyphermox> NM:

 15:08 <cyphermox> - some discussions about connectivity-checking

 15:09 <cyphermox> (done)

 15:09 <slangasek> infinity: FFe bug for glibc?

 15:10 <chiluk> * Mostly worked on cloudy/ceph stuff, and then some kernel stuff this week.  Not much foundations work.

 15:10 <chiluk> - done -

 15:11 <slangasek> * cloud images

 15:11 <slangasek> * image minimization

 15:11 <slangasek> * ubuntu-core image builds

 15:11 <slangasek> * discussions around 12.04 ESM

 15:11 <slangasek> * taking a half day this morning (after the meeting)

 15:11 <slangasek> (done)

 15:11 <infinity> slangasek: You'll get one if I decide it should be uploaded.

 15:11 <slangasek> ok

 15:11 <slangasek> any other questions on status?

 15:12 <slangasek> [TOPIC] AOB

 15:12 <slangasek> anything else today?

 15:13 <cyphermox> yeah

 15:13 <bdmurray> bug 1639374 any status update?

 15:13 <ubottu> bug 1639374 in grub2 (Ubuntu) "grub-pc fails to remove, rendering lubuntu uninstallable on EFI machines" [High,Incomplete] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1639374

 15:14 <cyphermox> bdmurray: I was very much under the impression that this was in fact fixed

 15:14 <bdmurray> cyphermox: I just ask as the duplicate is kinda crazy.

 15:14 <cyphermox> ie. it was broken because grub-$something was missing from the image, and now it's there.

 15:15 <bdmurray> so the yakkety image is bad, but zesty should be good now?

 15:15 <cyphermox> it looked like straight fallback from the grub removal

 15:15 <cyphermox> I'll have to look again, yakkety should not have been affected.

 15:16 <cyphermox> OTOH, to fix this we'd need to spin up a new yakkety image for lubuntu.

 15:17 <sil2100> Wow, ok, didn't notice the timezone change

 15:18 <slangasek> sil2100: hi! do you want to give a status update?

 15:18 <sil2100> I didn't write it down yet, but I guess I can summarize my status quick:

 15:18 <sil2100> - Kernel SRU reviews, SRU reviews, walinuxagent preparation and testing, finalizing ubuntu-image stuff

 15:19 <sil2100> (done)

 15:19 <slangasek> sil2100: thanks :)

 15:19 <slangasek> anything else, then?

 15:19 <sil2100> Oh, and I prepped a cleanup branch for kernel-sru-review that I wanted to propose for merging

 15:19 <sil2100> But I keep forgetting that

 15:19 <sil2100> (for the cleanup of the temporary files)

 15:22 <slangasek> sil2100: ooh

 15:22 <slangasek> yes please :)

 15:22 <slangasek> sil2100: apw had some further feedback on the tool which I hadn't had a chance to follow up on... including letting the tool not fall on its face if 1 of 3 source packages get accepted

 15:25 <slangasek> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)