== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 17 Apr at 16:30 &mdash; 16:45 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2017/ubuntu-meeting.2017-04-17-16.30.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting 
=== Weekly stand-up report ===
The discussion about "Weekly stand-up report" started at 16:30.


=== Highlighted packages ===
The discussion about "Highlighted packages" started at 16:43.

  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/eom.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/gcc-opt.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/node-moment.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/ganglia.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/gradle.html 

=== Miscellaneous and Questions ===
The discussion about "Miscellaneous and Questions" started at 16:43.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * tyhicks (28)
 * jdstrand (7)
 * sbeattie (7)
 * jjohansen (6)
 * ratliff (5)
 * meetingology (3)



== Full Log ==


 16:30 <tyhicks> #startmeeting

 16:30 <meetingology> Meeting started Mon Apr 17 16:30:38 2017 UTC.  The chair is tyhicks. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:30 <meetingology> 

 16:30 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 16:30 * sbeattie waves

 16:30 <tyhicks> The meeting agenda can be found at:

 16:30 <tyhicks> [LINK] https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting

 16:30 <tyhicks> [TOPIC] Weekly stand-up report

 16:30 <tyhicks> jdstrand: you're up

 16:33 <tyhicks> sbeattie: go ahead and we'll circle back to jdstrand

 16:33 <sbeattie> I'm in the happy place this week

 16:34 <jdstrand> I'm here, sorry

 16:34 <sbeattie> I'm about to publish bind9 updates

 16:34 <sbeattie> After that, I'll be going down the list of needed updates.

 16:34 <sbeattie> I also have a couple of apparmor patches to look at.

 16:34 <sbeattie> That's likely my week

 16:34 <sbeattie> jdstrand: go ahead.

 16:34 <tyhicks> thanks

 16:35 <jdstrand> - continue on the gnome3/wayland interfaces

 16:35 <jdstrand> - snappy PRs, store reviews, etc

 16:35 <jdstrand> - seccomp arg filtering is no longer blocked, so go through existing PRs and bring up to date and pick the work back up

 16:35 <jdstrand> - miscellaneous policy updates for bug fixes

 16:35 <jdstrand> - update the pam apparmor/stacking documentation as have time

 16:35 <jdstrand> that's it for me

 16:36 <tyhicks> I'm on community this week

 16:37 <tyhicks> (there's a tnef update in debian with regression fixes so I'm in the middle of fake syncing those updates)

 16:37 <tyhicks> I'm finalizing all the details, processes, etc., for ESM

 16:37 <tyhicks> I hope to finish and submit the seccomp kernel patches this week

 16:37 <tyhicks> and I have sprint prep to do

 16:37 <tyhicks> jjohansen: you're up

 16:38 <jjohansen> I am still working on upstreaming apparmor, specificially this week I am sending up patches around the securityfs filesystem interface for RFC

 16:39 <jjohansen> and making any changes, needed there

 16:39 <tyhicks> was anything able to go up for 4.12?

 16:39 <jjohansen> a set of bug fixes went into 4.12

 16:39 <tyhicks> nice

 16:40 <jjohansen> I also have a couple bug reports to triage, and the next pull request to finish getting together

 16:41 <jjohansen> I think that is it for me

 16:41 <jjohansen> ratliff: you are up

 16:41 <ratliff> I am on CVE triage this week

 16:42 <ratliff> I have sprint prep work to do.

 16:42 <ratliff> sarnold reviewed the notification script so I'm making a few changes to it.

 16:42 <ratliff> I will do vivid updates after that.

 16:42 <ratliff> back to you tyhicks

 16:43 <tyhicks> thanks

 16:43 <tyhicks> [TOPIC] Highlighted packages

 16:43 <tyhicks> The Ubuntu Security team will highlight some community-supported packages that might be good candidates for updating and or triaging. If you would like to help Ubuntu and not sure where to start, this is a great way to do so.

 16:43 <tyhicks> See https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/UpdateProcedures for details and if you have any questions, feel free to ask in #ubuntu-security. To find out other ways of helping out, please see https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/GettingInvolved.

 16:43 <tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/eom.html

 16:43 <tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/gcc-opt.html

 16:43 <tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/node-moment.html

 16:43 <tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/ganglia.html

 16:43 <tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/gradle.html

 16:43 <tyhicks> [TOPIC] Miscellaneous and Questions

 16:43 <tyhicks> Does anyone have any other questions or items to discuss?

 16:45 <tyhicks> jdstrand, sbeattie, jjohansen, ratliff: Thanks!

 16:45 <tyhicks> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)