== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 30 Nov at 16:01 &mdash; 16:48 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2017/ubuntu-meeting.2017-11-30-16.01.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning round ===
The discussion about "Lightning round" started at 16:01.


=== Bugs ===
The discussion about "Bugs" started at 16:26.

  * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-bb-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs 

=== AOB ===
The discussion about "AOB" started at 16:48.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * slangasek (67)
 * bdmurray (26)
 * doko (20)
 * cyphermox (19)
 * xnox (15)
 * ubottu (13)
 * rbalint (7)
 * Odd_Bloke (6)
 * Tribaal (5)
 * rcj (4)
 * gaughen (4)
 * fginther (4)
 * meetingology (3)



== Full Log ==


 16:01 <slangasek> #startmeeting

 16:01 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Nov 30 16:01:43 2017 UTC.  The chair is slangasek. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:01 <meetingology> 

 16:01 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 16:01 <slangasek> [TOPIC] Lightning round

 16:02 <slangasek> $ echo $(shuf -e slangasek bdmurray xnox tdaitx doko sil2100 rbalint infinity cyphermox mwhudson rcj philroche Odd_Bloke tribaal fginther)

 16:02 <slangasek> xnox tribaal bdmurray doko infinity sil2100 mwhudson fginther rbalint rcj tdaitx philroche cyphermox Odd_Bloke slangasek

 16:02 <slangasek> xnox: hi!

 16:02 <xnox> bah

 16:02 <xnox> me neither

 16:02 <xnox> bdmurray,

 16:02 <bdmurray> interviewed candidates for foundations, talked about them

 16:02 <bdmurray> modified errors dependencies to install python2 packages to workaround gunicorn charm not supporting xenial

 16:02 <bdmurray> worked on gunicorn configuration changes for xenial

 16:02 <bdmurray> modified wsgi.py (errors web site) to work with new django

 16:03 <bdmurray> modifications to apache2 configuration for xenial

 16:03 <bdmurray> worked with security team regarding re LP: #1732518

 16:03 <bdmurray> uploaded Bionic, upstream fixes for apport container support (LP: #1732518)

 16:03 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1732518 in apport (Ubuntu Bionic) "Please re-enable container support in apport" [High,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1732518

 16:03 <bdmurray> investigation into LP: #1713004

 16:03 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1713004 in initramfs-tools (Ubuntu Xenial) "Temporary files left under /var/tmp by mkinitramfs" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1713004

 16:03 <bdmurray> reported django-tastypie failure to work with django LP: #1733013

 16:03 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1733013 in django-tastypie (Ubuntu Xenial) "16.04's python-django-tastypie doesn't work with 16.04's django" [High,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1733013

 16:03 <bdmurray> uploaded django-tastypie SRU to fix LP: #1733013

 16:03 <bdmurray> SRU release of unity-control-center for 16.04 (multiple pings)

 16:03 <bdmurray> updated meta-release-lts-development for bionic

 16:03 <bdmurray> submitted RT re setup of juju2 env for dev ops

 16:03 <bdmurray> uploaded X,Z,A apport SRUs for LP: #1722564

 16:03 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1722564 in Apport "apport question will not accept multi-character responses" [Undecided,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1722564

 16:03 <bdmurray> SRU verified apport fix for LP: #1722564

 16:03 <bdmurray> wrote, landed autopkgtest queue depth metric

 16:03 <bdmurray> âœ” done

 16:03 <gaughen> o/

 16:03 <bdmurray> doko: ?

 16:03 <doko> - investigate binutils issue with cortex-a53-843419 workaround, fix pending

 16:03 <doko> - filed 46 issues for python2 demotion (tagged py2-removal)

 16:03 <doko> - other teams seem to be offended / reluctant by just filing these bugs, sic!

 16:03 <doko> - bintuils snapshot build, filed issues for regressions

 16:03 <doko> - gcc-8 bootstrapping again

 16:03 <doko> - source new processing

 16:03 <doko> - some MIR feedback

 16:04 <doko> - some feed management (I think *-dbg and *-dev autoincludes are too dangerous)

 16:04 <doko> - SRUs for python-stdlib-extensions. python-defaults. python2.7 SRUs pending.

 16:04 <doko> (done)

 16:04 <slangasek> xnox:

 16:04 <xnox> sheparding util-linux/systemd through proposed-migrationg; fixing adt failures and some hints too.

 16:04 <xnox> sheparding trusty cloud image fixes for a partner

 16:04 <xnox> created 18.04 test appx which fails to boot

 16:04 <xnox> working on power & s390x tickets

 16:04 <xnox> trying to finish all of my tickets before end of week; due to holiday next week.

 16:04 <xnox> ready.

 16:04 <slangasek> Tribaal:

 16:04 <xnox> Trevinho,

 16:04 <Tribaal> * Partner work on minimized images.

 16:04 <Tribaal> * Vanguard stuff last week

 16:04 <Tribaal> * Blogged about snaps (hurray I have a use case) https://tribaal.io/serving-a-static-blog-from-a-snap.html

 16:04 <Tribaal> * Still resetting my desktop machine trying to work around a nouveau bug https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/linux/+bug/1723619

 16:04 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1723619 in Linux "Ubuntu Desktop ISO fails to boot with nouveau on a displayport" [Medium,Confirmed]

 16:04 <Tribaal> (done)

 16:04 <xnox> unping Trevinho

 16:05 <fginther> * Reviewing and testing partner APIs for future publishing work

 16:05 <fginther> * Completed image updates for Apport CVE-2017-14177 and CVE-2017-14180

 16:05 <fginther> * Debug issues related to CI of minimal images

 16:05 <ubottu> ** <A HREF="https://cve.mitre.org/about/faqs.html#reserved_signify_in_cve_entry">RESERVED</A> ** This candidate has been reserved by an organization or individual that will use it when announcing a new security problem.  When the candidate has been publicized, the details for this candidate will be provided. (http://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2017-14177)

 16:05 <ubottu> ** <A HREF="https://cve.mitre.org/about/faqs.html#reserved_signify_in_cve_entry">RESERVED</A> ** This candidate has been reserved by an organization or individual that will use it when announcing a new security problem.  When the candidate has been publicized, the details for this candidate will be provided. (http://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2017-14180)

 16:05 <fginther> (done)

 16:08 <rbalint> * set up test git repo for livecd-rootfs packaging

 16:08 <rbalint> * internal testing work

 16:08 <rbalint> * poking migration queue in ubuntu, improvin scripts there: https://code.launchpad.net/~rbalint/+git/autopkgtest-retry

 16:08 <rbalint> (done)

 16:08 <slangasek> no infinity?

 16:08 <slangasek> no sil2100?

 16:08 <slangasek> fginther:

 16:09 <slangasek> eh wait

 16:09 <slangasek> rcj:

 16:09 <doko> rbalint: while you are working on livecd-rootfs ... https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/livecd-rootfs/+bug/1735370

 16:09 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1735370 in livecd-rootfs (Ubuntu) "livecd-rootfs: Port to Python3 needed" [Undecided,New]

 16:10 <slangasek> tdaitx:

 16:11 <slangasek> not having a good success rate

 16:11 <cyphermox> indeed.

 16:11 <slangasek> philroche probably also not here

 16:12 <slangasek> cyphermox:

 16:12 <cyphermox> omg

 16:12 <cyphermox> bionic:

 16:12 <cyphermox> - checking up on lubuntu uefi install problems

 16:12 <cyphermox> - debian-cd timeout at splash fixes

 16:12 <cyphermox> netplan:

 16:12 <cyphermox> - card management / workitem planning from UX doc

 16:12 <cyphermox> - fix xenial SRU ftbfs (oops)

 16:12 <cyphermox> - implement backend for Optional feature

 16:12 <cyphermox> - netplan UX stories discussion

 16:12 <cyphermox> - writing copy for website setup

 16:12 <cyphermox> other stuff:

 16:12 <cyphermox> - gather info on DNS resolution bug behing captive portal (aruba/datavalet) (bug LP: #1727237)

 16:12 <cyphermox> - review shim-review stuff and trying to convince Matthew or Peter to review Ubuntu's 13-0ubuntu2 submission

 16:12 <cyphermox> - systemd upstream work for RequiredForOnline= after lennart's review

 16:12 <cyphermox> - timezonemap project management

 16:12 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1727237 in systemd (Ubuntu) "systemd-resolved is not finding a domain" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1727237

 16:12 <cyphermox> (done)

 16:12 <cyphermox> oh wait

 16:12 <cyphermox> I was missing MIR review for libteam too :)

 16:14 <Odd_Bloke> * Worked on KPI to track boot speed of our test instances

 16:14 <Odd_Bloke> * Worked on KPI to track freshness of Ubuntu Docker images

 16:14 <Odd_Bloke> * Put finishing touches to daily GCE publication from our new build system

 16:14 <Odd_Bloke> * Cloud images vanguard this week, so keeping stuff ticking over

 16:14 <Odd_Bloke> (done)

 16:14 <Odd_Bloke> slangasek:

 16:14 <slangasek> rcj:

 16:14 <slangasek> ok I'll go first ;)

 16:15 <slangasek> * two week round-up, last Thursday was Thanksgiving, and was out Friday

 16:15 <slangasek> * continued work on unsticking transitions in devel-proposed

 16:15 <slangasek> * HIGHLIGHT: autopkgtest infrastructure: scalingstack BOS02 is online

 16:15 <slangasek> * we now have proper VMs for running autopkgtests on both arm64 and s390x \o/

 16:15 <slangasek> * there have been some problems with the cloud itself that required handholding

 16:15 <slangasek> * the arm64 backlog is still being worked through, after which we will be able to assess whether we have the right capacity to keep up

 16:15 <slangasek> * netplan UX discussions for 18.04

 16:15 <slangasek> (done)

 16:15 <slangasek> rcj:

 16:16 <rcj> * Thanksgiving break

 16:16 <rcj> * cloud-image partner work

 16:16 <rcj> * Oracle Compute images auto-configure all NICs

 16:17 <rcj> (done)

 16:17 <slangasek> any questions over status?

 16:17 <doko> slangasek: are amrhf and arm64 autopkg test machines shared?

 16:17 <slangasek> doko: no

 16:17 <xnox> doko, armhf is still containers on a hand-managed arm64 nodes

 16:17 <slangasek> they can't be, the armhf pool is configured as static lxd guests

 16:17 <doko> same like amd64/i386?

 16:17 <xnox> doko, no

 16:17 <rbalint> in noticed several cases of autopkgtests running out of space on armhf

 16:18 <rbalint> maybe increasing quota/disk could help

 16:19 <doko> just give back

 16:19 <slangasek> rbalint: bring specifics to #ubuntu-release and we can see if something needs doing there; but it's shared disk between the lxd containers on each host and I don't think we have data on what the high water mark is

 16:19 <rbalint> slangasek: ok

 16:19 <slangasek> or what expected max disk usage is for an autopkgtest

 16:22 <slangasek> anyway, where autopkgtest is concerned, it looks like we are making real progress on the backlog; still about 1000 packages behind on arm64 vs other archs and looks like s390x did catch up

 16:22 <bdmurray> slangasek: there's a graph for that now too

 16:23 <slangasek> so if arm64 isn't draining as fast as x86, we know we need more instances

 16:23 <slangasek> bdmurray: oh!  I didn't know that was up

 16:23 <slangasek> bdmurray: only on the doubly-internal board?

 16:23 <slangasek> looks like it :)

 16:24 <bdmurray> slangasek: Yes, I just did it yesterday but only for the ubuntu queue

 16:24 <slangasek> ok, cool

 16:24 <slangasek> bdmurray: I think for this we care about it for all queues fwiw

 16:24 <slangasek> because what we're trying to measure is autopkgtest capacity

 16:25 <slangasek> bdmurray: ah, and it definitely needs to include the huge queues (preferably merged into the non-huge numbers)

 16:25 <slangasek> anything else on status?

 16:26 <slangasek> [TOPIC] Bugs

 16:27 <slangasek> [LINK] http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-bb-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 16:27 <slangasek> bdmurray: anything we need to review/triage here?

 16:27 <bdmurray> slangasek: bug 1732447 - I thought I'd heard you updated command-not-found near the end of AA

 16:28 <ubottu> bug 1732447 in command-not-found (Ubuntu) "rename no longer included in perl package, but still linked" [Medium,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1732447

 16:28 <doko> bdmurray: https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/apport/+bug/1153671 pitti mentioned that you would be eager to do that

 16:28 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1153671 in apport (Ubuntu) "Port to python3-launchpadlib" [Medium,Triaged]

 16:29 <slangasek> bdmurray: it may be true that I updated it at one point in the cycle, but I know it wasn't late enough to pick up all the command changes in A release

 16:29 <bdmurray> "eager"? Is there a card for that?

 16:29 <slangasek> bdmurray: I think we need to make sure we fix that in the release checklist

 16:29 <bdmurray> slangasek: That was my real question

 16:29 <doko> slangasek: do yu have any shares in https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/nfs-utils/+bug/1735458 ?

 16:29 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1735458 in nfs-utils (Ubuntu) "please convert mountstats and nfsiostat scripts to Python3" [Undecided,New]

 16:29 <doko> nfs-utils this is

 16:30 <doko> bdmurray: can you create one?

 16:30 <slangasek> doko: we are going over http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-bb-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs now, please

 16:30 <doko> hmm, need to find out how to add bugs there ...

 16:30 <slangasek> doko: but no, I have no stake in nfs-utils currently

 16:31 <doko> ok

 16:31 <slangasek> bdmurray: command-not-found is listed in https://wiki.ubuntu.com/BetaProcess but I don't think it happened at that point

 16:32 <slangasek> last upload of command-not-found was 25 Sep, which was not 10 days before release

 16:32 <slangasek> so this is a checklist process failure

 16:35 <bdmurray> Is there anyway to address that?

 16:35 <slangasek> w/ the release team

 16:36 <slangasek> I don't remember who ran the beta milestone, but whichever one it was is not currently in the meeting ;)

 16:36 <slangasek> bdmurray: any other bugs need discussing?

 16:36 <bdmurray> Okay

 16:37 <slangasek> LP: #1707898

 16:37 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1707898 in systemd (Ubuntu) "systemd translations are not synced with upstream" [Critical,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1707898

 16:37 <slangasek> xnox: you marked this critical?

 16:39 <gaughen> slangasek, xnox said yes

 16:39 <slangasek> xnox: but it's also in the incoming queue, but it sounds like you're not expecting /us/ to commit to it for bionic, so we should probably drop that tag?

 16:40 <xnox> slangasek, yes! it was critical to integrate this work. either translations should not be stripped form systemd; or systemd catalogues need to be imported into the launchpad builders; or systemd-i18n package should be disected into catalogs

 16:40 <xnox> slangasek, well, it should be critical for the language-pack-base then?

 16:42 <slangasek> possibly

 16:43 <slangasek> xnox: so you'll take the action to remove the tag or otherwise move this to a different package?

 16:45 <slangasek> tabled for now; xnox and gaughen will follow up

 16:45 <gaughen> hmm, we'll have to figure out where this shoul dgo. will handle.

 16:47 * gaughen sings let it go

 16:47 <slangasek> bdmurray: others on this list to discuss?

 16:47 <bdmurray> slangasek: nope

 16:47 <slangasek> ok

 16:48 <slangasek> [TOPIC] AOB

 16:48 <slangasek> anything else?

 16:48 <slangasek> seems not

 16:48 <slangasek> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)