== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 10 Jul at 16:29 &mdash; 16:42 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2017/ubuntu-meeting.2017-07-10-16.29.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting 
=== Announcements ===
The discussion about "Announcements" started at 16:30.


=== Weekly stand-up report ===
The discussion about "Weekly stand-up report" started at 16:30.


=== Highlighted packages ===
The discussion about "Highlighted packages" started at 16:39.

  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/pytables.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/fwknop.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/linux-mako.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/tweepy.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/qbittorrent.html 

=== Miscellaneous and Questions ===
The discussion about "Miscellaneous and Questions" started at 16:39.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * tyhicks (33)
 * jdstrand (8)
 * leosilva (5)
 * ratliff (5)
 * sbeattie (5)
 * chrisccoulson (4)
 * meetingology (3)
 * ubottu (1)



== Full Log ==


 16:29 <tyhicks> #startmeeting

 16:29 <meetingology> Meeting started Mon Jul 10 16:29:52 2017 UTC.  The chair is tyhicks. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:29 <meetingology> 

 16:29 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 16:29 <tyhicks> The meeting agenda can be found at:

 16:30 <tyhicks> [LINK] https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting

 16:30 <tyhicks> [TOPIC] Announcements

 16:30 <tyhicks> Otto Kekäläinen (otto) provided updates for trusty for mariadb-5.5 (LP: #1698689)

 16:30 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1698689 in mariadb-10.0 (Ubuntu Yakkety) "USN-3269-1: partially applies to MariaDB too" [Undecided,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1698689

 16:30 <tyhicks> Thank you for your assistance in keeping Ubuntu users secure! :)

 16:30 <tyhicks> [TOPIC] Weekly stand-up report

 16:30 <tyhicks> jdstrand: you're up

 16:30 <jdstrand> hi

 16:30 <jdstrand> last week was a short week for me. I focused on the ubuntu-image CVE coordination and update, lots of store reviews, various snappy PRs, help with snap-seccomp issue on 14.04 LTS, advising zyga on how to debug snap-confine apparmor profile issue, and followups for password-manager-service PR.

 16:30 <jdstrand> this week I plan to:

 16:31 <jdstrand> * be responsive to several in flight snappy PRs and feature discussions

 16:31 <jdstrand> that's it from me. sbeattie, you're up

 16:31 <jdstrand> * work on finishing the overlayfs bug filing

 16:31 <jdstrand> * sprint prep as required

 16:31 <jdstrand> * getting back to wayland (as have time)

 16:31 <sbeattie> I'm on cve triage this week

 16:31 <sbeattie> I'll pick up some updates, given that Marc is out this week

 16:32 <sbeattie> I need to poke at a few apparmor things.

 16:32 <sbeattie> and there's a couple of things I need to look at on the kernel cve triage side of things.

 16:32 <sbeattie> that's it for me. tyhicks?

 16:33 <tyhicks> I'm in the happy place this week

 16:33 <tyhicks> I'm continuing my work on fscrypt evaluation in regards to its usage as a pam module

 16:33 <tyhicks> s/as a pam module/in a pam module/

 16:33 <tyhicks> I have sprint prep

 16:33 <tyhicks> will spend some time thinking through CVE tracking in snaps

 16:34 <tyhicks> may get some time to work on seccomp kernel patches

 16:34 <tyhicks> probably won't be able to get to ecryptfs patch review

 16:34 <tyhicks> that's it for me

 16:34 <tyhicks> jj is out today

 16:34 <tyhicks> sarnold: you're up

 16:35 <tyhicks> I don't see him around yet

 16:35 <tyhicks> chrisccoulson: go ahead

 16:35 <chrisccoulson> I've got a chromium update to do this week

 16:36 <chrisccoulson> I also need to do a rust transition for future firefox updates

 16:37 <chrisccoulson> other than that, I'll continue to work through the old firefox security bugs to backport some fixes to our current spidermonkey package

 16:37 <chrisccoulson> that's me done

 16:37 <ratliff> I'm on community this week

 16:37 <ratliff> I have already started working on the debdiffs for vlc from tsimonq2

 16:38 <ratliff> I have some sprint prep, a sizing effort, and a few small internal tasks

 16:38 <ratliff> Then I will look into updates.

 16:38 <ratliff> leosilva: you are up

 16:38 <leosilva> * worked in some updates for precise: libgcrypt,expat, libtiff, bind9

 16:38 <leosilva> * this week I'm planning to continue to search and update for precise and finish jbig2 update and openldap

 16:38 <leosilva> * I'm also want to shadow sarnold in bug triate this

 16:38 <leosilva> that's it from me.

 16:38 <leosilva> tyhicks: it's back to you

 16:39 <tyhicks> thanks

 16:39 <tyhicks> [TOPIC] Highlighted packages

 16:39 <tyhicks> The Ubuntu Security team will highlight some community-supported packages that might be good candidates for updating and or triaging. If you would like to help Ubuntu and not sure where to start, this is a great way to do so.

 16:39 <tyhicks> See https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/UpdateProcedures for details and if you have any questions, feel free to ask in #ubuntu-security. To find out other ways of helping out, please see https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/GettingInvolved.

 16:39 <tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/pytables.html

 16:39 <tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/fwknop.html

 16:39 <tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/linux-mako.html

 16:39 <tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/tweepy.html

 16:39 <tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/qbittorrent.html

 16:39 <tyhicks> [TOPIC] Miscellaneous and Questions

 16:39 <tyhicks> Does anyone have any other questions or items to discuss?

 16:41 <tyhicks> jdstrand, sbeattie, sarnold, ChrisCoulson, ratliff, leosilva: Thanks!

 16:42 <tyhicks> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)