== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 16 Oct at 16:31 &mdash; 16:50 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2017/ubuntu-meeting.2017-10-16-16.31.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting 
=== Announcements ===
The discussion about "Announcements" started at 16:32.


=== Weekly stand-up report ===
The discussion about "Weekly stand-up report" started at 16:32.


=== Highlighted packages ===
The discussion about "Highlighted packages" started at 16:47.

  * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/connman.html 
  * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/libbluray.html 
  * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/efl.html 
  * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/tomboy.html 
  * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/qpid-proton.html 

=== Miscellaneous and Questions ===
The discussion about "Miscellaneous and Questions" started at 16:48.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * tyhicks (37)
 * mdeslaur (9)
 * leosilva (6)
 * chrisccoulson (5)
 * sbeattie (5)
 * sarnold (4)
 * ratliff (4)
 * meetingology (3)
 * jjohansen (3)
 * tsimonq2 (2)
 * ubottu (1)
 * bittin (1)



== Full Log ==


 16:31 <tyhicks> #startmeeting

 16:31 <meetingology> Meeting started Mon Oct 16 16:31:48 2017 UTC.  The chair is tyhicks. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:31 <meetingology> 

 16:31 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 16:31 <mdeslaur> \o

 16:32 <tyhicks> The meeting agenda can be found at:

 16:32 <tyhicks> [LINK] https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting

 16:32 <tyhicks> [TOPIC] Announcements

 16:32 <tyhicks> Simon Quigley (tsimonq2) provided debdiffs for trusty-artful for git (LP: #1719740)

 16:32 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1719740 in git (Ubuntu Artful) "[CVE] Git cvsserver OS Command Injection" [High,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1719740

 16:32 <tyhicks> Thank you for your assistance in keeping Ubuntu users secure! :)

 16:32 <tyhicks> [TOPIC] Weekly stand-up report

 16:32 <tyhicks> mdeslaur: you're up

 16:32 <mdeslaur> I'm in the happy place this week

 16:33 <mdeslaur> I'm currently publishing wpa updates

 16:33 <mdeslaur> and I have some xorg updates to test and publish after that

 16:33 <mdeslaur> I'll be picking something off the list after

 16:33 <mdeslaur> that's about it

 16:33 <mdeslaur> sbeattie: you're up

 16:34 <sbeattie> I'm in the happy place this week

 16:34 <bittin> i am helping with some Ubuntu ISO testing :p

 16:34 <sbeattie> I'm working on a perl update, and have another update to finish testing

 16:35 <sbeattie> I need to look at some apparmor tasks

 16:35 <sbeattie> and I'll pick up another update off the list.

 16:35 <sbeattie> that's it for me. tyhicks?

 16:36 <tyhicks> I'll be doing SRU verifications this week for libseccomp and seccomp kernel changes

 16:36 <tyhicks> oh, I'm on community this week

 16:36 <tyhicks> I'm in the process of going back through the ecryptfs kernel queue and getting certain fixes headed to 4.14 and others to 4.15

 16:37 <tyhicks> I'll have a bit more work to do upstream for libseccomp and libseccomp-golang this week once a couple PR reviews are completed but the hard work is already done there

 16:37 <tyhicks> finally, I need to get back on top of my email inbox after falling behind while traveling lately

 16:38 <tyhicks> I suspect that there will be some items that fall out of that

 16:38 <tyhicks> jjohansen: you're up

 16:38 <jjohansen> I am ignoring everyone this week until I can the unix socket RFC out

 16:39 <tyhicks> good idea

 16:39 <tyhicks> feel free to leave it at that :)

 16:39 <jjohansen> after which I have a back log of bugs to investigate, and possibly 2.9, and 2.10 point releases

 16:40 <jjohansen> sarnold: you're up

 16:41 <sarnold> I'm on cve triage this week, but I think ratliff is going to help out in the mornings :) otherwise it'll be running down the MIRs.. spice-vdagent is in progress atm

 16:41 <sarnold> also reviewing whatever it is john prepares for aa upstreaming

 16:42 <sarnold> and maybe this is the week I finally bid farewell to my beloved pentadactyl and waste an entire day trying webbrowsers :(

 16:42 <sarnold> that's it for me, chrisccoulson?

 16:42 <chrisccoulson> I need to update rust to 1.20 everywhere

 16:43 <chrisccoulson> I'll also need to sync up with will at some point to discuss the startpage in firefox

 16:44 <chrisccoulson> Fingers crossed, after that I'll be able to focus on the stuff I discussed with tyhicks at the sprint

 16:44 <chrisccoulson> That's me done

 16:44 <ratliff> I'm on bug triage this week.

 16:44 <tyhicks> I hope you'll be able to get to that

 16:44 <mdeslaur> chrisccoulson: oh! can we vote what it should be? I vote for beesbeesbees.com

 16:44 <chrisccoulson> mdeslaur, haha :)

 16:45 <ratliff> sarnold covered for me on CVE triage last week while I was sprinting, so I am going to return the favor this week :)

 16:45 <ratliff> I have a number of tasks resulting from last's weeks sprint to focus on for this week.

 16:45 <ratliff> on to you, leosilva

 16:45 <leosilva> I'm in the happy place this week.

 16:46 <leosilva> I'll do the usual pkg hunting

 16:46 <leosilva> also have some reads and investigations to do in snap packaging.

 16:47 <leosilva> also have some readings in sssd (it's hard to test it :()

 16:47 <leosilva> that is from me,

 16:47 <leosilva> tyhicks: it's back to you!

 16:47 <tyhicks> thanks

 16:47 <tyhicks> [TOPIC] Highlighted packages

 16:47 <tyhicks> The Ubuntu Security team will highlight some community-supported packages that might be good candidates for updating and or triaging. If you would like to help Ubuntu and not sure where to start, this is a great way to do so.

 16:48 <tyhicks> See https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/UpdateProcedures for details and if you have any questions, feel free to ask in #ubuntu-security. To find out other ways of helping out, please see https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/GettingInvolved.

 16:48 <tyhicks> https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/connman.html

 16:48 <tyhicks> https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/libbluray.html

 16:48 <tyhicks> https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/efl.html

 16:48 <tyhicks> https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/tomboy.html

 16:48 <tyhicks> https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/qpid-proton.html

 16:48 <tyhicks> [TOPIC] Miscellaneous and Questions

 16:48 <tsimonq2> tyhicks: :D

 16:48 <tyhicks> Does anyone have any other questions or items to discuss?

 16:48 <tsimonq2> Also, hi everyone :)

 16:49 <tyhicks> I'll just repeat what was mentioned earlier regarding the wpa updates

 16:49 <tyhicks> mdeslaur released updates about an hour ago

 16:49 <tyhicks> see https://usn.ubuntu.com/usn/usn-3455-1/ for details

 16:49 <tyhicks> mdeslaur: thanks for handling those updates

 16:49 <mdeslaur> np

 16:49 <tyhicks> hi tsimonq2

 16:49 <tyhicks> :)

 16:50 <tyhicks> mdeslaur, sbeattie, jjohansen, sarnold, ChrisCoulson, ratliff, leosilva: Thanks!

 16:50 <tyhicks> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)