== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting: ubuntu-server-team, 21 Mar at 16:02 &mdash; 16:22 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2017/ubuntu-meeting.2017-03-21-16.02.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Review ACTION points from previous meeting ===
The discussion about "Review ACTION points from previous meeting" started at 16:03.


=== Zesty Development ===
The discussion about "Zesty Development" started at 16:05.

  * ''ACTION:'' :  rbasak, powersj, cpaelzer to draft mysql triage response page like nginx has
  * ''ACTION:'' everyone review 17.04 release notes  https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ZestyZapus/ReleaseNotes
  * ''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ZestyZapus/ReleaseSchedule 
 * '''blueprints''' (16:06)
  * ''ACTION:'' jgrimm create a aa-series blueprint
 * '''Release Bugs''' (16:08)
  * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-z-tracking-bug-tasks.html#ubuntu-server 
  * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-z-tracking-bug-tasks.html#ubuntu-server 

=== Weekly Updates & Questions for the QA Team (powersj) ===
The discussion about "Weekly Updates & Questions for the QA Team (powersj)" started at 16:12.

  * ''LINK:'' https://jenkins.ubuntu.com/server/ 

=== Weekly Updates & Questions for the Kernel Team (smb, sforshee) ===
The discussion about "Weekly Updates & Questions for the Kernel Team (smb, sforshee)" started at 16:13.


=== Upcoming Call For Papers ===
The discussion about "Upcoming Call For Papers" started at 16:14.

  * ''LINK:'' https://lwn.net/Calendar/ 
  * ''LINK:'' https://lwn.net/Calendar/Monthly/cfp/ 

=== Ubuntu Server Team Events ===
The discussion about "Ubuntu Server Team Events" started at 16:17.


=== Open Discussion ===
The discussion about "Open Discussion" started at 16:19.

  * ''LINK:'' https://lwn.net/Articles/717378/ 

=== Announce next meeting date, time and chair ===
The discussion about "Announce next meeting date, time and chair" started at 16:21.




== Vote results ==




== Action items, by person ==

 * cpaelzer
  * :  rbasak, powersj, cpaelzer to draft mysql triage response page like nginx has
 * jgrimm
  * jgrimm create a aa-series blueprint
 * powersj
  * :  rbasak, powersj, cpaelzer to draft mysql triage response page like nginx has
 * rbasak
  * :  rbasak, powersj, cpaelzer to draft mysql triage response page like nginx has



== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * smoser (48)
 * nacc (12)
 * cpaelzer (9)
 * meetingology (6)
 * jgrimm (6)
 * rharper (6)
 * powersj (4)
 * rbasak (4)
 * ubottu (3)
 * smb (2)



== Full Log ==


 16:02 <smoser> #startmeeting ubuntu-server-team

 16:02 <meetingology> Meeting started Tue Mar 21 16:02:54 2017 UTC.  The chair is smoser. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:02 <meetingology> 

 16:02 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 16:03 <smoser> #topic Review ACTION points from previous meeting

 16:03 <smoser> rbasak, powersj, cpaelzer to draft mysql triage response page like nginx has

 16:03 <powersj> I haven't done anything more to it

 16:03 <rbasak> I was away last week. Still need to do that :-/

 16:03 <cpaelzer> I added about 5 lines

 16:03 <cpaelzer> still an action

 16:03 <cpaelzer> same action even

 16:04 <smoser> alright. carry then.

 16:04 * smoser rbasak, powersj, cpaelzer to draft mysql triage response page like nginx has

 16:04 <smoser> everyone review 17.04 release notes

 16:04 * smoser took a read of that

 16:05 <smoser> #topic Zesty Development

 16:05 <nacc> smoser: i think we probably need to carry that one forward too

 16:05 <smoser> #action:  rbasak, powersj, cpaelzer to draft mysql triage response page like nginx has

 16:05 * meetingology :  rbasak, powersj, cpaelzer to draft mysql triage response page like nginx has

 16:05 <smoser> #action everyone review 17.04 release notes  https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ZestyZapus/ReleaseNotes

 16:05 * meetingology everyone review 17.04 release notes  https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ZestyZapus/ReleaseNotes

 16:05 <nacc> heh, twice the action! :)

 16:05 <rbasak> shot? :-)

 16:05 <cpaelzer> hehe

 16:06 <nacc> final beta freeze was last night

 16:06 <smoser> #link https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ZestyZapus/ReleaseSchedule

 16:06 <smoser> so yeah, its coming up.

 16:06 <smoser> bug fixes.... please.

 16:06 <smoser> #subtopic blueprints

 16:06 <smoser> #https://blueprints.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+spec/servercloud-z-server-core

 16:07 <smoser> any comments there ?

 16:07 <jgrimm> smoser, please action me to create an aa-series blueprint

 16:07 <smoser> i know that nacc made some progress on systemctl status degraded

 16:07 <smoser> #action jgrimm create a aa-series blueprint

 16:07 * meetingology jgrimm create a aa-series blueprint

 16:07 <nacc> yeah, i have a couple of open questions in the bug for hallyn and pitti

 16:07 <jgrimm> we are in excellent shape on what we wanted to accomplish overall in z and getting into the nice-to-haves

 16:08 <smoser> #subtopic Release Bugs

 16:08 <smoser> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-z-tracking-bug-tasks.html#ubuntu-server

 16:09 <cpaelzer> rbasak: is the mysql-5.5 really a zesty bug?

 16:09 <smoser> i just tagged the cloud-init one fix-released. it just hadnt been tagged in zesty

 16:10 <rbasak> cpaelzer: not sure. Looking.

 16:10 <smoser> powersj, your changes are all in the queue ?

 16:10 <smoser> http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-z-tracking-bug-tasks.html#ubuntu-server

 16:10 <smoser> bah. https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/tomcat7/+bug/1666570

 16:10 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1666570 in tomcat7 (Debian) "Post install script has error in RegEx" [Unknown,New]

 16:10 <powersj> yep

 16:10 <smoser> k

 16:11 <rbasak> cpaelzer: looks like it's really akonadi only - certainly in Zesty onwards.

 16:12 <smoser> anything else? moving on ?

 16:12 <smoser> #topic Weekly Updates & Questions for the QA Team (powersj)

 16:12 <powersj> Last week few merge requests for cloud-init testing and one for curtin to add more test logs. 4 days of bug triage and some bug work. Started looking into why the server ISOs are not being tested at night automatically, still not resolved. I am currently kicking them off manually my AM each day.

 16:12 <powersj> This week plan to get cloud-init and curtin tests green (done), determined the ppc64 ISO oversize (done - due to netinstall dir), updated LXD to 2.12 on the test systems (done), look into pylint for CI, break up some of the jenkins job scripts and actual test scripts, bug day tomorrow, and bug triage (2 days).

 16:13 <smoser> #link https://jenkins.ubuntu.com/server/

 16:13 <smoser> #topic Weekly Updates & Questions for the Kernel Team (smb, sforshee)

 16:13 <smb> No news. Are there questions/requests?

 16:13 <nacc> smb: any chance you can give some input on LP: #1668808 (related to LP: #1613758). I am not familiar enough with dkms to understand how to get it not to build for > 4.4.0 ?

 16:13 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1668808 in iscsitarget (Ubuntu Xenial) "iscsitarget-dkms 1.4.20.3+svn502-2ubuntu4: iscsitarget kernel module failed to build [error: field ‘rx_hash’ has incomplete type]" [Undecided,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1668808

 16:14 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1613758 in iscsitarget (Ubuntu Yakkety) "[RM] iscsitarget should be removed from Yakkety" [Undecided,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1613758

 16:14 <nacc> smb: essentialy iscsitarget-dkms failed to build on 16.04.2 hwe

 16:14 <smb> nacc, I could

 16:14 <nacc> smb: thanks!

 16:14 <smoser> #topic Upcoming Call For Papers

 16:15 <smoser> looking... jgrimm you had a link from lwn for that ?

 16:16 <jgrimm> smoser, yeah it should have been in the hints section

 16:16 <smoser> https://lwn.net/Calendar/

 16:16 <jgrimm> there ya go

 16:16 <smoser> #link https://lwn.net/Calendar/Monthly/cfp/

 16:16 <smoser> there ya go

 16:17 <smoser> well, take a look there

 16:17 <smoser> #topic Ubuntu Server Team Events

 16:17 <smoser> nacc, or rbasak ?

 16:18 <nacc> Bug Squashing Day is tmrw (22.3.17): http://pad.ubuntu.com/U5GLIMwc2u

 16:18 <smoser> \o/

 16:18 <cpaelzer> nacc: I'll set the server chan topic accordingly

 16:18 <cpaelzer> nacc: when I start

 16:18 <nacc> cpaelzer: perfect, was just going to sync up with after this

 16:18 <cpaelzer> nacc: pointing to the mail and the pad

 16:18 <nacc> cpaelzer: that would be great

 16:18 <smoser> thanks1

 16:18 <smoser> thanks!

 16:18 <nacc> cpaelzer: if you have it, feel free to add a link to the mail in the pad

 16:18 <cpaelzer> nacc: ok, let me know (or reply to the thread) if there is any detail I should take care of

 16:19 <nacc> cpaelzer: will do

 16:19 <smoser> #topic Open Discussion

 16:19 <rharper> saw this last week

 16:19 <rharper> #link https://lwn.net/Articles/717378/

 16:19 <rharper> an updated bcachefs

 16:19 <rharper> with some fancy features

 16:19 <jgrimm> yeah, i bookmarked that to go back and read at leisure

 16:20 <rharper> in particular, it does in-place fs migration

 16:20 <rharper> may not impact us yet; but lots of things we should look at

 16:20 <jgrimm> neat

 16:21 <smoser> anything else ?

 16:21 <smoser> #topic Announce next meeting date, time and chair

 16:21 <smoser> same time same channel.

 16:21 <smoser> rfc 2822         Tue, 28 Mar 2017 16:00:00 +0000

 16:22 <smoser> and gaughen will host next week

 16:22 <smoser> thanks for attending!

 16:22 <smoser> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)