== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 09 Mar at 16:03 &mdash; 16:28 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2017/ubuntu-meeting.2017-03-09-16.03.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning round ===
The discussion about "Lightning round" started at 16:03.


=== AOB ===
The discussion about "AOB" started at 16:19.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * bdmurray (21)
 * cyphermox (21)
 * slangasek (18)
 * ubottu (18)
 * tdaitx (17)
 * caribou (14)
 * sil2100 (11)
 * xnox (8)
 * barry (5)
 * chiluk (4)
 * robru (3)
 * meetingology (3)



== Full Log ==


 16:03 <slangasek> #startmeeting

 16:03 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Mar  9 16:03:07 2017 UTC.  The chair is slangasek. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:03 <meetingology> 

 16:03 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 16:03 <slangasek> [TOPIC] Lightning round

 16:03 <slangasek> $ echo $(shuf -e barry doko bdmurray slangasek caribou infinity sil2100 robru cyphermox tdaitx xnox chiluk mwhudson)

 16:03 <slangasek> xnox robru barry cyphermox sil2100 caribou bdmurray infinity slangasek tdaitx doko chiluk mwhudson

 16:04 <xnox> resolving softlayer boot issues;

 16:04 <xnox> s390x bug triange - everything incomplete/ nothing new;

 16:04 <xnox> rackspace images...

 16:04 <xnox> done

 16:04 <robru> * short week due to illness

 16:04 <robru> * some iterations on britney email policy code review

 16:04 <robru> (done)

 16:04 <barry> u-i: LP: #1625732; review & test GH#123 for LP: #1655671; LP: #1638645 (but there appears to be a bug in snapcraft)

 16:04 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1625732 in Ubuntu Image "Add DEP-8 image boot test" [Medium,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1625732

 16:04 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1655671 in Ubuntu Image "Add a tox test to ensure every pull request has a d/changelog entry" [Medium,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1655671

 16:04 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1638645 in Ubuntu Image "Make ubuntu-image a classic snap" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1638645

 16:05 <barry> (it takes ~6m for the inner qemu's network to get initialized on the autopkgtest.u.c. infra!)

 16:05 <barry> other: pycon planning (language summit)

 16:05 <barry> --done--

 16:06 <sil2100> cyphermox: ^

 16:08 <bdmurray> sil2100: why don't we skip him for now.

 16:08 <cyphermox> ahah

 16:08 <cyphermox> sorry

 16:08 <sil2100> ..!

 16:08 <cyphermox> zesty:

 16:09 <cyphermox> - os-prober: unbreak non-crypto LVM installs by skipping LVM2_member while probing (bug LP: #1664731)

 16:09 <cyphermox> - nm-applet: cherry-picked fix for Gir to enable calling WifiDialog from python (bug LP: #1667129)

 16:09 <cyphermox> - reviewing WPA-enterprise support patches for ubiquity network dialog

 16:09 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1664731 in os-prober (Ubuntu Zesty) "zesty lvm install hangs while creating device mapper device" [Critical,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1664731

 16:09 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1667129 in Network Manager Applet "Python cannot create NMGtkWifiDialog" [Medium,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1667129

 16:09 <cyphermox> netplan:

 16:09 <cyphermox> - merge forward-definition

 16:09 <cyphermox> - merge stp support, with fixed autopkgtests

 16:09 <cyphermox> - release 0.19

 16:09 <cyphermox> other:

 16:09 <cyphermox> - debugging multipath-tools issues at boot

 16:09 <cyphermox> - livecd-rootfs: setting up test rootfs for subiquity testing

 16:09 <cyphermox> - more MaaS headache with rescue mode.

 16:09 <cyphermox> - finish snapping up subiquity

 16:09 <cyphermox> (done)

 16:10 <sil2100> - Landing team work, silo coordination

 16:10 <sil2100> - SRU reviews

 16:10 <sil2100> - Kernel SRU reviews

 16:10 <sil2100> - Working on walinuxagent lintian cleanness

 16:10 <sil2100> - ubuntu-image:

 16:10 <sil2100> * Reviewing barry's ubuntu-image boot test pull request, yaaay

 16:10 <sil2100> * Finishing the changelog-for-PR branch

 16:10 <sil2100> - Looking into system-image disk usage, cleaning up old builds

 16:10 <sil2100> (done)

 16:10 <caribou> LP #1654600 : unattended-upgrades breaks shutdown when /var is FS

 16:10 <caribou> - Incomplete solution uploaded as SRU. verification-failed

 16:10 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1654600 in unattended-upgrades (Debian) "unattended-upgrade-shutdown hangs when /var is a separate filesystem" [Unknown,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1654600

 16:10 <caribou> - May have identified root cause & working on a fix

 16:10 <caribou> - Will need proof reading from Foundation on this one

 16:10 <caribou> LP: #1342580 - tftp does not start if NIC is down

 16:10 <caribou> - Uploaded fix to Z, preparing SRU to T, X & Y

 16:10 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1342580 in tftp-hpa (Ubuntu Yakkety) "tftpd-hpa doesn't start on boot" [Medium,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1342580

 16:10 <caribou> Meetings

 16:10 <caribou> sosreport & gtimelog snap development

 16:10 <caribou> ☑ Done

 16:11 <bdmurray> caribou: that tftp-hpa is this a divergence from what debian is going to do? it doesn't seem to be fixed in debian at all and the discussion seems quite um active

 16:11 <bdmurray> fixed even more issues with the retracers-cache-restart script

 16:11 <bdmurray> merged apport gdb sandbox changes to retracer branch

 16:11 <bdmurray> had apport updated in staging Error Tracker

 16:11 <bdmurray> emailed snappy team regarding systemd timers

 16:11 <bdmurray> investigation into / fixing of LP: #1654008

 16:11 <bdmurray> sent PSA re sru-report showing uploaders

 16:11 <bdmurray> discovered issues with purge-old-kernels script

 16:11 <bdmurray> foundations bug triage

 16:11 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1654008 in update-notifier (Ubuntu Zesty) "/usr/bin/update-manager:OverflowError:/usr/bin/update-manager@117" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1654008

 16:11 <bdmurray> tested subiquity again

 16:11 <barry> caribou: gtimelog snap... \o/

 16:12 <bdmurray> ✔ done

 16:12 <caribou> bdmurray: not diverging but part of the disucssion seems to agree on using :69 instead of [::]:69

 16:12 <caribou> bdmurray: they've split the original bug in two bugs as I recall

 16:13 <bdmurray> caribou: is there a reason to fix it now and not wait for debian?

 16:13 <caribou> bdmurray: yes, we have a customer who's hit by that on all their servers

 16:14 <slangasek> no infinity today

 16:14 <caribou> bdmurray: & 37 other people mentionned being impacted by the issue on the LP bug

 16:14 <slangasek> * cloud images

 16:14 <slangasek> * migrated from firefox to chromium prompted by lack of google hangouts support

 16:14 <cyphermox> caribou: ah, that not starting on boot

 16:14 <slangasek> * noting update-manager has just given me a one-line-high viewing window for displaying the diff in a conffile

 16:14 <slangasek> (done)

 16:14 <cyphermox> caribou: that's only when you ipv6.disable=1 right?

 16:14 <caribou> cyphermox: no default configuration

 16:15 <slangasek> tdaitx:

 16:15 <tdaitx> = Merges

 16:15 <tdaitx> * open-vm-tools (LP: #1651608, LP: #1666430)

 16:15 <tdaitx> - got in touch with Debian maintainer, he is willing to move from xmlsecurity to xmlsec1 after stretch is released, he also updated Build-Depends to libssl1.0-dev|libssl-dev (instead of just libssl1.0-dev); debian #856569

 16:15 <tdaitx> * ncurses (LP: #1637239)

 16:15 <tdaitx> - fixed debian/rules conflict

 16:15 <tdaitx> - forwarded patches to debian (debian #857000, debian #857001, debian #857003)

 16:15 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1666430 in open-vm-tools (Ubuntu) "duplicate for #1651608 Please merge open-vm-tools 10.1.0-4449150-3ubuntu1 (main) from Debian unstable (main)" [Wishlist,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1666430

 16:15 <tdaitx> - merge on hold due to FF (no outstanding fixes upstream and no bug reports on current version)

 16:15 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1666430 in open-vm-tools (Ubuntu) "Please merge open-vm-tools 10.1.0-4449150-3ubuntu1 (main) from Debian unstable (main)" [Wishlist,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1666430

 16:15 <tdaitx> = JCK 8

 16:15 <ubottu> Debian bug 856569 in open-vm-tools "open-vm-tools: Depend on either libssl1.0-dev or libssl-dev" [Wishlist,Open] http://bugs.debian.org/856569

 16:15 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1637239 in ncurses (Ubuntu) "Please merge ncurses 6.0+20161126-1 (main) from Debian unstable (main)" [Wishlist,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1637239

 16:15 <tdaitx> * Updated jck 8 exclusion lists for

 16:15 <ubottu> Debian bug 857000 in ncurses "ncurses: Add autopkgtest for ncurses" [Wishlist,Open] http://bugs.debian.org/857000

 16:15 <ubottu> Debian bug 857001 in ncurses "ncurses: Build 32bit packages on s390x" [Wishlist,Open] http://bugs.debian.org/857001

 16:15 <tdaitx> * Tested avahi setup to fix dns reverse lookup

 16:15 <ubottu> Debian bug 857003 in ncurses "ncurses: Build x32 packages" [Wishlist,Open] http://bugs.debian.org/857003

 16:15 <bdmurray> slangasek: that's bug 1623856 which flexiondotorg was working on at one point in time

 16:15 <tdaitx> * Setting up lxd server on slaves to run the right ubuntu series

 16:15 <ubottu> bug 1623856 in aptdaemon (Ubuntu Zesty) "Scrolled Windows in update-manager are too small to read" [Low,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1623856

 16:15 <tdaitx> * Adding remote lxd servers from slaves to jck control machine

 16:15 <tdaitx> = Other

 16:15 <tdaitx> * Watched Devices TH newest episode

 16:15 <tdaitx> * Reviewed "forward declaration" and "stp" merge proposals for netplan

 16:15 <tdaitx> (done)

 16:16 <bdmurray> slangasek: I've been unable to recreate it

 16:16 <chiluk> doko?

 16:16 <cyphermox> caribou: ah, I see now

 16:16 <slangasek> bdmurray: thanks for the ref.  I haven't run into a whole lot of conffile prompts lately (and really shouldn't have had this one), so that's good at least

 16:17 <cyphermox> tdaitx: thanks again for those reviews

 16:17 <tdaitx> cyphermox, ;-)

 16:17 <chiluk> lp 1647389 - Working through back-porting identified patch, but that is quickly growing likely un-sru-able. It looks like the issue will have to be re-root-caused, and then have an original patch created for it.

 16:17 <chiluk> * A few other non public cases.

 16:17 <chiluk> -- done --

 16:17 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1647389 in qemu (Ubuntu) "Regression: Live migrations can still crash after CVE-2016-5403 fix" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1647389

 16:17 <slangasek> doko: around?

 16:18 <slangasek> and no mwhudson of course :)

 16:18 <slangasek> questions on status?

 16:19 <slangasek> [TOPIC] AOB

 16:19 <slangasek> ok! anything else this morning?

 16:20 <bdmurray> just want to remind people about http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-z-incoming-bug-tasks.html

 16:21 <bdmurray> xnox: have you looked at bug 1651623 yet?

 16:21 <ubottu> bug 1651623 in apport (Ubuntu Yakkety) "adt tests fail on zesty for apport" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1651623

 16:22 <cyphermox> bdmurray: should we also target the bugs to specific milestones?

 16:23 <bdmurray> cyphermox: we should add a release task if its real important, then milestone

 16:23 <xnox> heh

 16:23 <xnox> no, sorry

 16:23 <xnox> i should do the release critical bugs round this week

 16:23 <xnox> which means today/tomorrow

 16:24 <bdmurray> xnox: I'll buy you a beer or something

 16:24 <bdmurray> there's also http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-z-tracking-bug-tasks.html

 16:25 <bdmurray> that's shorter and many are being worked on

 16:28 <slangasek> alrighty, anything else?

 16:28 <slangasek> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)