== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 22 Jun at 15:02 &mdash; 15:45 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2017/ubuntu-meeting.2017-06-22-15.02.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning round ===
The discussion about "Lightning round" started at 15:06.


=== AOB ===
The discussion about "AOB" started at 15:26.

  * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-aa-tracking-bug-tasks.html 

=== Bugs ===
The discussion about "Bugs" started at 15:29.

  * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-aa-tracking-bug-tasks.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://launchpad.net/bugs/1624644 is unassigned
  * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/apt/+bug/1686470 is unassigned
  * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-aa-incoming-bug-tasks.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-aa-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs 
  * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/aptdaemon/+bug/1673258 



== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * slangasek (46)
 * sil2100 (25)
 * cyphermox (17)
 * xnox (11)
 * tdaitx (11)
 * ubottu (9)
 * gaughen (7)
 * rbalint (5)
 * doko (5)
 * rcj (5)
 * philroche (4)
 * meetingology (3)
 * Tribaal (1)
 * fginther (1)



== Full Log ==


 15:02 <slangasek> #startmeeting

 15:02 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Jun 22 15:02:29 2017 UTC.  The chair is slangasek. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 15:02 <meetingology> 

 15:02 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 15:04 <slangasek> so, are we adding rcj philroche Odd_Bloke Tribaal to the lightning round today?

 15:05 <rcj> Sounds good to me, but I have something to report (if you get to me first) ;)

 15:05 <slangasek> gaughen:

 15:05 <gaughen> yeah

 15:05 <gaughen> o\

 15:06 <slangasek> [TOPIC] Lightning round

 15:06 <slangasek> $ echo $(shuf -e doko bdmurray slangasek infinity sil2100 cyphermox tdaitx xnox mwhudson rbalint rcj philroche Odd_Bloke Tribaal fginther)

 15:06 <slangasek> mwhudson infinity fginther cyphermox slangasek rcj bdmurray tdaitx rbalint Tribaal philroche Odd_Bloke sil2100 doko xnox

 15:07 <slangasek> mwhudson not here at this hour of coures

 15:07 <slangasek> fginther: you're first, I think

 15:08 <fginther> Nothing to advertise

 15:08 <slangasek> ok

 15:08 <slangasek> cyphermox:

 15:09 <cyphermox> MIR:

 15:09 <cyphermox> - reviewing spice-vdagent

 15:09 <cyphermox> artful:

 15:09 <cyphermox> - netplan announce

 15:09 <cyphermox> - debugging DNS resolution lxd/resolved/dnsmasq/etc.

 15:09 <cyphermox> - debugging ubiquity removal bug (bug LP: #1698752)

 15:09 <cyphermox> - discussing removal of resolvconf

 15:09 <cyphermox> - sponsoring sudo for rbalint

 15:09 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1698752 in ubiquity (Ubuntu) "Ubiquity is still installed after standard desktop 17.10 installation" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1698752

 15:09 <cyphermox> - testing update-secureboot-policy tracking of dkms packages

 15:09 <cyphermox> netplan:

 15:09 <cyphermox> - netplan SRU verifications

 15:09 <cyphermox> xenial:

 15:09 <cyphermox> - identify systemd networkd SRU for bond+bridge

 15:09 <cyphermox> and it looks like I forgot to put in debugging the autopkgtests for netplan in artful

 15:09 <cyphermox> (done)

 15:10 <slangasek> cyphermox: any highlights for the week?

 15:10 <cyphermox> nah

 15:11 <slangasek> * short week, off last Friday

 15:11 <slangasek> * SRU of powerpc-utils (LP: #1696434, LP: #1692837)

 15:11 <slangasek> * discussions around cloud-init support for multiple NICs with same hwaddr

 15:11 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1696434 in powerpc-utils (Ubuntu Zesty) "drmgr command fails during the scale-up test on Novalink System (Brazos)" [Undecided,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1696434

 15:11 <slangasek> * a bit of proposed-migration management

 15:11 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1692837 in powerpc-utils (Ubuntu Zesty) "Ubuntu 16.04.02: powerpc-ibm-utils: drmgr does not scale with large number of virtual adapters" [Undecided,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1692837

 15:11 <slangasek> * some NEW processing from the flood of Debian syncs

 15:11 <slangasek> * set up auto-building of new cm3 ubuntu-core image

 15:11 <slangasek> rcj:

 15:11 <slangasek> (done)

 15:12 <rcj> CVE-2017-1000364 "Stack Clash":

 15:12 <ubottu> An issue was discovered in the size of the stack guard page on Linux, specifically a 4k stack guard page is not sufficiently large and can be "jumped" over (the stack guard page is bypassed), this affects Linux Kernel versions 4.11.5 and earlier (the stackguard page was introduced in 2010). (http://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2017-1000364)

 15:12 <rcj> - Release images published for cloud-images across all supported releases to address the CVE

 15:12 <gaughen> slangasek, any highlights?

 15:12 <rcj> (done)

 15:12 <slangasek> gaughen: nope

 15:13 <slangasek> bdmurray:

 15:13 <rcj> bdmurray:

 15:14 <slangasek> bdmurray is out

 15:14 * sil2100 pokes bdmurray

 15:14 <tdaitx> should I go?

 15:14 <slangasek> tdaitx:

 15:14 <tdaitx> Short week: working half days + 1~2 extra hours since Monday

 15:14 <tdaitx> * HIGHLIGHT (?) +1 maintenance:

 15:14 <tdaitx> - openvas-libraries 8.0.8 fix superseeded by 9.0.1 release

 15:14 <tdaitx> - lvtk tentative fix superseesed by Dimitri's correct fix

 15:14 <tdaitx> - libqmi investigation ongoing (LP: #1699599); hmm... why isn't the bug showing up in the ftbfs page?

 15:14 <tdaitx> Note: flying back to Brazil on Sunday noon, will be back on Brazil Monday noon, taking the day off

 15:14 <tdaitx> (done)

 15:14 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1699599 in libqmi (Ubuntu) "[FTBFS] libqmi 1.18.0-1 fails test during build time" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1699599

 15:15 <rbalint> * triaging, review #1691489

 15:15 <rbalint> * GCE work including new upstream: LP: #1699105

 15:15 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1699105 in gce-compute-image-packages (Ubuntu Zesty) "Update google compute-image-packages to 20170609" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1699105

 15:15 <rbalint> * Azure image preparations

 15:15 <rbalint> * reproduction #1696970

 15:15 <rbalint> (no highlights now)

 15:16 <slangasek> Tribaal:

 15:16 <slangasek> tdaitx: why is xnox stealing lvtk out from under you? :)

 15:16 <xnox> huh?!

 15:16 <tdaitx> slangasek, probably because I didn't open a bug?

 15:16 <sil2100> Because xnox is a thief!

 15:16 <sil2100> Let's put him in that Portland jail that we escaped from!

 15:16 <slangasek> xnox: I told tdaitx to fix lvtk for +1 maint / core-dev :)

 15:17 <tdaitx> and xnox knows waf better than me =P

 15:17 <slangasek> it's ok

 15:17 <Tribaal> * HIGHLIGHT (?) SRE stuff for Stack clash (highlight in that I learned how read the build system status page better thanks to philroche)

 15:18 <xnox> tdaitx, slangasek: i was told to fix thing sin proposed-migration, so clearly i went to fix oldest things not migrating.

 15:18 <tdaitx> xnox, it's fine, my tentative fix was not working, after seeing yours, I knew why ;-)

 15:18 <sil2100> xnox: I'm working on the octave bits if anything

 15:18 <sil2100> xnox: just so you know

 15:18 <slangasek> xnox: hmm, asked by someone other than me? I thought you were going to work on the s390x-specific migration failures :)

 15:19 <slangasek> philroche:

 15:19 <xnox> slangasek, it ftbfs on s390x!

 15:19 <philroche> - lpshipit autobuild from github using build.snapcraft.io

 15:19 <philroche> - gce-compute-image-packages testing for SRU

 15:20 <philroche> - Support publishing of cloud-images due to CVE

 15:20 <philroche> (done)

 15:20 <slangasek> Odd_Bloke is off

 15:20 <slangasek> sil2100:

 15:20 <sil2100> o/

 15:20 <sil2100> - Was off last Thursday and Friday, shorter week

 15:20 <sil2100> - Many kernel re-spin SRU reviews

 15:20 <sil2100> - +1 maintenance:

 15:20 <sil2100> * Prepping some instructions for Tiago

 15:20 <sil2100> * Some work on the liboctave transition, no-change rebuilds

 15:20 <sil2100> * Preparing test-fix packages for matlab2tikz, all good and approved upstream

 15:20 <sil2100> * Working on upstreaming the matlab2tikz against their develop branch

 15:20 <sil2100> - Regular SRU:

 15:20 <sil2100> * Additional changes to the switch to verification-done-* branch in u-a-t

 15:21 <sil2100> * Preparing script for notifying all existing untested SRUs about the policy change

 15:21 <sil2100> * Started hacking bug-agent code to add a v-d notification check to bugs as per Brian's proposition

 15:21 <sil2100> * Multiple package reviews and releases

 15:21 <sil2100> - Prepping and sponsoring gce backports to stable releases

 15:21 <sil2100> - DMB meeting

 15:21 <sil2100> - HIGHLIGHT (?) Should we maybe mention the new stable kernel re-spins being reviewed this week?

 15:21 <sil2100> (done)

 15:21 <sil2100> I guess the SRU verification switch from verification-done to verification-done-SERIES I'd prefer to do on Monday next week, since this week I don't want to rush it with everything else on my plate

 15:21 <sil2100> That would be highlight worthy for next week too I guess

 15:22 <doko> - investigating GCC issue building kernel on arm64

 15:22 <doko> - GCC6/GCC7 updates

 15:22 <doko> - preparing for test rebuild

 15:22 <doko> - binutils trunk testing, looking and reporting for regressions

 15:22 <doko> (done)

 15:22 <xnox> #Highlight Prepare pre-release images for rax OnMetal 16.04 LTS

 15:22 <xnox> #Highlight upload mdadm 4.0 to debian (should auto-sync into artful soon)

 15:22 <xnox> Prepare specs for migration to systemd resolve

 15:22 <xnox> Prepare spec / discussion to move to openssl 1.1.0

 15:22 <xnox> Prepare further systemd srus

 15:22 <xnox> Prepare systemd resolve improvements for artful

 15:22 <xnox> ðŸ’©

 15:23 <slangasek> any questions wrt status?

 15:23 <gaughen> doko, anything worth putting in our dev summary?

 15:24 <cyphermox> no questions

 15:26 <slangasek> [TOPIC] AOB

 15:26 <slangasek> Anything else today?

 15:29 <gaughen> http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-aa-tracking-bug-tasks.html

 15:29 <slangasek> [TOPIC] Bugs

 15:29 <slangasek> [LINK] http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-aa-tracking-bug-tasks.html

 15:31 <gaughen> http://launchpad.net/bugs/1624644 is unassigned

 15:31 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1624644 in unattended-upgrades (Ubuntu Artful) "Unable to automatically remove packages that become unused in conjunction with updating by other software" [High,Confirmed]

 15:35 <slangasek> now it's assigned

 15:35 <slangasek> LP: 1686470

 15:35 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1686470 in apt (Ubuntu Zesty) "Apt updates that are uniformly spread across all timezones, with predictable application windows" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1686470

 15:35 <gaughen> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/apt/+bug/1686470 is unassigned

 15:36 <slangasek> assigned now

 15:36 <slangasek> [LINK] http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-aa-incoming-bug-tasks.html

 15:37 <slangasek> [LINK] http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-aa-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 15:39 * sil2100 bookmarks

 15:41 <slangasek> all criticals/highs now triaged, assigned

 15:41 <xnox> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/aptdaemon/+bug/1673258

 15:41 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1673258 in update-notifier (Ubuntu Artful) "Remove aptdaemon and drop or port its reverse-dependencies" [Undecided,New]

 15:41 <slangasek> needs discussion

 15:44 <slangasek> ok, looks like we're done

 15:44 <slangasek> anything else?

 15:45 <slangasek> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)