== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 20 Apr at 15:04 &mdash; 15:21 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2017/ubuntu-meeting.2017-04-20-15.04.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning round ===
The discussion about "Lightning round" started at 15:04.


=== AOB ===
The discussion about "AOB" started at 15:17.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * slangasek (19)
 * tdaitx (15)
 * sil2100 (14)
 * xnox (12)
 * infinity (7)
 * cyphermox (6)
 * meetingology (3)
 * Atomic_Aadn5 (1)
 * ubottu (1)



== Full Log ==


 15:04 <slangasek> #startmeeting

 15:04 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Apr 20 15:04:14 2017 UTC.  The chair is slangasek. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 15:04 <meetingology> 

 15:04 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 15:04 <slangasek> [TOPIC] Lightning round

 15:05 <slangasek> $ echo $(shuf -e doko bdmurray slangasek infinity sil2100 cyphermox tdaitx xnox mwhudson rbalint)mwhudson infinity xnox slangasek rbalint sil2100 tdaitx bdmurray cyphermox doko

 15:05 <slangasek> mwhudson infinity xnox slangasek rbalint sil2100 tdaitx bdmurray cyphermox doko

 15:05 <xnox> doko wins.... but he is not here anyway

 15:05 <slangasek> infinity:

 15:06 <infinity> Preparing for archive opening:

 15:06 <infinity> - dpkg merge, with lots of back and forth with guillem on buildflags and ABI detection

 15:06 <infinity> - debhelper merge, with much discussion of transitional ddebs

 15:06 <infinity> - base-files merge

 15:06 <infinity> - nagging Mark (Artful Aardvark)

 15:06 <infinity> (done)

 15:07 <xnox> Prepared systemd SRU, and now verified remaining bugs

 15:07 <xnox> Provided cloud image support for onmetal

 15:07 <xnox> Currently debugging cloud-init not handling vlans on top of a bond well

 15:07 <xnox> s390x d-i bug reports triange (no criticals so far, need aa to start fixing them)

 15:07 <xnox> Uploaded SRU for open-vm-tools, to build VGAuth in main

 15:07 <xnox> Short week due to 2 bank holidays due to resurrection

 15:07 <xnox> infinity is not certain which weekend mark was going to take to read dictionary and announce the new code name.

 15:07 <xnox> ..

 15:07 <tdaitx> I'm late, sorry, please let me know when I should paste my status ;-)

 15:08 <cyphermox> tdaitx: after sil2100

 15:08 <sil2100> tdaitx: you're going after me ;)

 15:08 <tdaitx> cyphermox, sil2100 tks! =)

 15:09 <slangasek> * happy release!

 15:09 <slangasek> * processing SRUs

 15:09 <slangasek> * subiquity image spins

 15:09 <slangasek> * image minimization

 15:09 <slangasek> (done)

 15:09 <Atomic_Aadn5> i'll send email, can't type much on phone :-(

 15:10 <slangasek> ok

 15:10 <slangasek> sil2100:

 15:10 <sil2100> - Last week: helping out with the release + kernel SRUs

 15:10 <sil2100> - Was off Friday and Monday

 15:10 <sil2100> - SRU reviews

 15:10 <sil2100> - Assign bug tasks cleanup

 15:10 <sil2100> - Submitting fixes for the tarball cache modification to kernel-sru-review

 15:10 <sil2100> - ubuntu-image:

 15:10 <sil2100> * Looking into the state of bugs

 15:10 <sil2100> * Picking up the image manifest generation bug, preparing branch with fixes - PR incoming

 15:10 <sil2100> * Started work on the i18n with flufl.i18n

 15:10 <sil2100> - Prepared and tested pre-tested walinuxagent 2.2.9 - waiting for cloud image testing help

 15:10 <sil2100> - Started work on the packaging for uvp-monitor, testing t-systems access

 15:10 <sil2100> - Looking into the future of Bileto

 15:10 <sil2100> (done)

 15:10 <tdaitx> Short week: out on Friday (holiday) and Monday (sick), so-so Tuesday (recovering)

 15:10 <tdaitx> = JCK

 15:10 <tdaitx> * aggregatting results

 15:10 <tdaitx> * preparing for certification

 15:10 <tdaitx> * rebuild containers and retesting to make sure results are reproducible

 15:10 <tdaitx> = OpenJDK 8

 15:10 <tdaitx> * updated package & applied security patches

 15:10 <tdaitx> * 8u131 was out on Wednesday, while testing the sec upd

 15:10 <tdaitx> * packaged 8u131 + aarch64 sync and went on to test

 15:10 <tdaitx> = Other

 15:10 <tdaitx> * congrats on the release!

 15:10 <tdaitx> (done)

 15:11 <xnox> we have openjdk 9 in the archive too? is it released at all, or still in development?

 15:11 <tdaitx> xnox, not yet released, but it is in the archive

 15:11 <xnox> ah, nice.

 15:12 <slangasek> bdmurray is off today

 15:12 <slangasek> cyphermox:

 15:12 <cyphermox> - preparing the subiquity preview

 15:12 <cyphermox> - debugging grub2 installing fallback in --removable (it should not) (bug LP: #1684341)

 15:12 <cyphermox> - SRU for NetworkManager upgrade issues (missing netplan override)

 15:12 <cyphermox> - getting more info on shim installs on UEFI-but-not-quite-UEFI.

 15:12 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1684341 in grub2 (Ubuntu Zesty) "EFI fallback binary should only be installed in force-extra-removable" [Critical,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1684341

 15:12 <cyphermox> (done)

 15:14 <slangasek> and doko is also off today

 15:14 <slangasek> any questions?

 15:16 <slangasek> seems not :)

 15:17 <slangasek> [TOPIC] AOB

 15:17 <infinity> Yeah, why is doko off?  Did he break a hip?

 15:19 <xnox> infinity, i was guessing that he is somewhere in hymalyas breaking the hip?

 15:21 <slangasek> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)