== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting: DMB meeting, 04 Nov at 18:59 &mdash; 19:54 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2019/ubuntu-meeting.2019-11-04-18.59.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Review of previous action items ===
The discussion about "Review of previous action items" started at 19:00.


=== slashd to announce & add rafaeldtinoco to ~ubuntu-server-dev and ~motu ===
The discussion about "slashd to announce & add rafaeldtinoco to ~ubuntu-server-dev and ~motu" started at 19:00.


=== slashd to add marcustomlinson to the right LP teams -> ~ubuntu-dev & ~ubuntu-developer-members ===
The discussion about "slashd to add marcustomlinson to the right LP teams -> ~ubuntu-dev & ~ubuntu-developer-members" started at 19:00.


=== cyphermox to update PPU for marcustomlinson, adding libreoffice and libreoffice-l10n ===
The discussion about "cyphermox to update PPU for marcustomlinson, adding libreoffice and libreoffice-l10n" started at 19:00.


=== cyphermox to setup nominations, voting for new DMB members ===
The discussion about "cyphermox to setup nominations, voting for new DMB members" started at 19:01.


=== cyphermox to build report for expiry from dev teams ===
The discussion about "cyphermox to build report for expiry from dev teams" started at 19:01.


=== sil2100 to update PPU for Gunnar, adding ibus-avro ===
The discussion about "sil2100 to update PPU for Gunnar, adding ibus-avro" started at 19:01.

  * ''Vote:'' Please vote on: Mauricio Oliveira (mfo) SRU Developer application (Carried)
  * ''Vote:'' Please vote on: 6-month expiry policy for flavor developer team membership (Carried)



== Vote results ==

 * [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2019/ubuntu-meeting.2019-11-04-18.59.log.html#140 Please vote on: 6-month expiry policy for flavor developer team membership]]
  * Motion carried (For/Against/Abstained 4/0/0)
   *  Voters rbasak, slashd, sil2100, cyphermox
 * [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2019/ubuntu-meeting.2019-11-04-18.59.log.html#77 Please vote on: Mauricio Oliveira (mfo) SRU Developer application]]
  * Motion carried (For/Against/Abstained 4/0/0)
   *  Voters rbasak, slashd, sil2100, cyphermox



== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * slashd (59)
 * rbasak (36)
 * mfo (21)
 * meetingology (21)
 * cyphermox (13)
 * sil2100 (13)
 * marcustomlinson (2)



== Full Log ==


 18:59 <slashd> #startmeeting DMB meeting

 18:59 <meetingology> Meeting started Mon Nov  4 18:59:52 2019 UTC.  The chair is slashd. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 18:59 <meetingology> 

 18:59 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 19:00 <slashd> #topic Review of previous action items

 19:00 <slashd> #topic slashd to announce & add rafaeldtinoco to ~ubuntu-server-dev and ~motu

 19:00 <slashd> done ^

 19:00 <slashd> #topic slashd to add marcustomlinson to the right LP teams -> ~ubuntu-dev & ~ubuntu-developer-members

 19:00 <slashd> done ^

 19:00 <slashd> #topic cyphermox to update PPU for marcustomlinson, adding libreoffice and libreoffice-l10n

 19:00 <mfo> o/

 19:01 <cyphermox> done

 19:01 <slashd> #topic cyphermox to setup nominations, voting for new DMB members

 19:01 <cyphermox> carry over

 19:01 <slashd> #topic cyphermox to build report for expiry from dev teams

 19:01 <cyphermox> carry over

 19:01 <slashd> #topic sil2100 to update PPU for Gunnar, adding ibus-avro

 19:02 <cyphermox> btw there is #subtopic for that

 19:03 <slashd> ok will do next time, been a while since I chair

 19:03 <slashd> any update on Gunnar sil2100 ?

 19:03 <cyphermox> np, it's just a bit less spammy

 19:03 <slashd> right

 19:03 <sil2100> slashd: yes, it's done o/

 19:04 <slashd> anything else you guys want to talk about before we go with our candidate, mfo ?

 19:05 <slashd> ok well seems like nothing to discuss

 19:05 <slashd> Today, Mauricio (mfo) is applying for SRU Developer: https://wiki.ubuntu.com/mfo/sru-developer

 19:05 <slashd> mfo can you please introduced yourself ?

 19:06 <mfo> slashd, sure, ctrl-v

 19:06 <mfo> I'm Mauricio. I work for Canonical in the support organization, more specifically in the Sustaining Engineering team, where I fix bugs reported by Ubuntu Advantage customers, thus usually on the stable releases; fixes go across the main and universe components as necessary, both on userspace packages and kernel.

 19:06 <mfo> I've been working with Ubuntu since late 2013 for Trusty/14.04 on my previous job at IBM (and also with other company-supported distros), and have been working exclusively with Ubuntu since joining Canonical in June 2018.

 19:06 <mfo> I'm applying for SRU Developer rights mainly to off-load/load-balance the 2 sponsors in the sustaining engineering team, slashd & ddstreet, as me and

 19:06 <mfo> all other colleagues in the team currently have only them to review and sponsor our pathes (they're both great and efficient, but they also have all the rest of their own work to do), so looking forward to be able to help them and the team on that front.

 19:06 <mfo> EOF :)

 19:07 <slashd> FWIW, mfo is a colleague of mine. I closely work with Mauricio on a daily basis and I have obviously sponsored multiple packages for him.

 19:07 <slashd> so I know what he is capable of already.

 19:08 <slashd> Any questions for mfo ?

 19:08 <sil2100> I need a minute to get up to speed

 19:08 <slashd> all good

 19:08 <sil2100> (apologies, just got back from some errands)

 19:08 <slashd> sil2100, take your time

 19:10 <sil2100> mfo: ok, a small question from me: let's say you want to upload a new version of the package foo, but notice that there's already a foo in the Unapproved queue from someone else - how would you proceed? Let's assume that your foo fixes are quite important, so you'd want them in -proposed as soon as possible

 19:11 <mfo> sil2100, ok, i'd reach out to the uploader to see if his/her fixes are too, and accordingly ask to upload a new version either merging our both (important) fixes, or checking if either one can/must wait.

 19:14 <mfo> eg, if current version in upload queue is not too important/time-sensitive but introduces changes that could risk the acceptance/mmigration of the quite-important/time-sensitive upload,  we could probably talk about getting the more import one first,  so not to risk it's acceptance/verification/migration/delivery :)

 19:15 <marcustomlinson> The suspense... ;)

 19:17 <sil2100> mfo: ok, good, thanks

 19:17 <mfo> sil2100, ack, thanks.

 19:18 <rbasak> I have no questions.

 19:18 <slashd> cyphermox ?

 19:19 <sil2100> mfo: somewhat related, when building the source package (either with debuild or any other tool) there is the -v option that's being passed to dpkg-genchanges - do you know what it's used for?

 19:20 <rbasak> Your existing SRU work looks good, and generally above the standard I usually see. I would like to take the opportunity to remind everyone about the reason for Regression Potential, as documented, though. It's at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/StableReleaseUpdates#Procedure and should include information about how a regression might manifest even if unlikely please.

 19:20 <mfo> sil2100, no, i'm not familiar w/ that option at the moment, havent used it yet, but i can certainly take the time to check it out.

 19:20 <mfo> to be honest.

 19:21 <sil2100> mfo: it's very convenient! For such situations where you want to neatly merge two uploads with separate changelog entries, you can use -v to build the package and include more than one version in the .changes file ;)

 19:21 <mfo> sil2100, oh, i see. that'd be helpful in the scenario of your question, say, if we were to merge the current upload in queue w/ another one.  thanks!

 19:22 <rbasak> That information looks like it was missing from your recent SRUs that I sampled, but I trust that you can just do that without needing to see any evidence :)

 19:22 <rbasak> Sorry to step on the other thread.

 19:22 <sil2100> mfo: yw!

 19:22 <sil2100> Ok, no questions from me

 19:23 <rbasak> without *me needing to see any evidence, that is

 19:23 <mfo> rbasak, thanks for the feedback on SRU material, i appreciate it.      Hm, did I miss regression potential?  that's certainly an oversight i try hard not to make.

 19:23 <rbasak> No you put in the section

 19:23 <mfo> rbasak, i'll try to find what LP it was and how it slipped through.

 19:23 <mfo> ah.

 19:23 <rbasak> But I don't think you populate it with exactly what we're looking for

 19:24 <mfo> rbasak, got it.  i'll review the documentation you mentioned more carefully, and adjust my templates :)  thanks for this feedback as well, and pointing that out.

 19:24 <rbasak> "Low" or trying to convince us why it is Low is somewhat pointless

 19:24 <rbasak> We more want to know what to look out for during review, and what to ask for in any testing

 19:24 <slashd> cyphermox any questions ?

 19:25 <slashd> sil2100, all good ?

 19:25 <mfo> rbasak, oh I see.

 19:25 <rbasak> I mean if there is a good reason why the risk is lower than it might initially appear, that is useful to tell us about of course

 19:25 <rbasak> But it's the other bits that I'm usually looking to understand please :)

 19:26 <rbasak> Thanks :)

 19:26 <cyphermox> no questions

 19:27 <mfo> rbasak, thank you for bringing that up! :)

 19:27 <sil2100> All good here

 19:27 <slashd> #vote Please vote on: Mauricio Oliveira (mfo) SRU Developer application

 19:27 <meetingology> Please vote on: Please vote on: Mauricio Oliveira (mfo) SRU Developer application

 19:27 <meetingology> Public votes can be registered by saying +1, +0 or -1 in channel, (for private voting, private message me with 'vote +1/-1/+0 #channelname)

 19:27 <slashd> #voterequired 4

 19:27 <rbasak> +1 strong recent upload history and sponsor endorsements, and recent SRU work all looks good

 19:27 <meetingology> +1 strong recent upload history and sponsor endorsements, and recent SRU work all looks good received from rbasak

 19:27 <cyphermox> +1

 19:27 <meetingology> +1 received from cyphermox

 19:27 <sil2100> +1

 19:27 <meetingology> +1 received from sil2100

 19:28 <slashd> +1 high quality SRU and confident he will ask question when in doubt (e.g. -v parameter)

 19:28 <meetingology> +1 high quality SRU and confident he will ask question when in doubt (e.g. -v parameter) received from slashd

 19:28 <slashd> #endvote

 19:28 <meetingology> Voting ended on: Please vote on: Mauricio Oliveira (mfo) SRU Developer application

 19:28 <meetingology> Votes for:4 Votes against:0 Abstentions:0

 19:28 <meetingology> Motion carried

 19:28 <slashd> Congrats mfo !

 19:29 <marcustomlinson> Congrats mfo!

 19:29 <slashd> I'll take care the announcement and adding mfo in LP

 19:29 <mfo> slashd, \o/

 19:29 <mfo> thanks folks!

 19:29 <slashd> of the announcement ^^^

 19:29 <slashd> anything else you guys want to discuss ?

 19:30 <rbasak> Was there anything else int he agenda?

 19:30 <slashd> rbasak, no

 19:30 <rbasak> "Expiry policy for flavor developer team membership" -> did we do that?

 19:30 <rbasak> And "DMB elections for the expired 2 members"

 19:31 <slashd> cyphermox, carried over ^

 19:31 <slashd> for the expiry policy I missed that one

 19:31 <slashd> who is working on the expiry policy ?

 19:31 <cyphermox> I don't know

 19:31 <cyphermox> it was postponed last time because rbasak wasn't around, we weren't quorate

 19:31 <rbasak> I don't believe the DMB has ever looked at Steve's request because we never got quorum

 19:32 <cyphermox> (we had the votes but not more)

 19:32 <slashd> rbasak, right I'll have to read the link, I don't recall the details

 19:33 <slashd> cyphermox, do you recall the details of our previous discussion ?

 19:33 <slashd> I don't on top of my hea

 19:33 <slashd> head

 19:33 <cyphermox> we didn't discuss it AFAIK

 19:35 <slashd> should we vote for it now ?

 19:35 <rbasak> So I have some questions

 19:35 <slashd> how do you want to proceed ?

 19:35 <rbasak> What is the set of per flavour developer teams?

 19:35 <rbasak> Are cloud and server flavours?

 19:35 <rbasak> Or just the desktop flavours and ubuntustudio etc?

 19:36 <rbasak> To be clear I think it makes sense and am happy to implement, but to implement we need a definition I think :)

 19:36 <rbasak> vorlon: ^ around?

 19:37 <rbasak> My other request would be to ensure that the teams involved have had an opportunity to provide feedback, but I believe they have - we asked on the flavors list,e tc

 19:38 <rbasak> Maybe we can assume what the set of teams is and then vote on that.

 19:38 <slashd> right the mailling list gave them a chance to respond

 19:40 <slashd> sil2100, rbasak, cyphermox good to vote on have anything you want to address ?

 19:40 <slashd> or have ^

 19:42 <rbasak> I'm happy to vote (+1) but I'm not taking an action unless the set of teams gets defined :-)

 19:43 <rbasak> I suspect Steve will say that it's already well understood what the set is, but I'm not sure I do!

 19:43 <slashd> let's then postpone and wait until vorlon gets back to us then ? since he doesn't seems around at the moment.

 19:44 <rbasak> I'd like to avoid blocking on this for another quorate DMB meeting

 19:44 <rbasak> That might be a while.

 19:45 <rbasak> Can we just say that we assume the list is the desktop flavors only and vote on that?

 19:45 <slashd> cyphermox, sil2100 would you agree with that ?

 19:45 <cyphermox> ok

 19:45 <rbasak> (I'm counting Ubuntu Studio, but not Server nor Cloud)

 19:45 <sil2100> Ok

 19:46 <rbasak> And that we're presumably excluding Ubuntu Desktop

 19:46 <slashd> #vote Please vote on: 6-month expiry policy for flavor developer team membership

 19:46 <meetingology> Please vote on: Please vote on: 6-month expiry policy for flavor developer team membership

 19:46 <meetingology> Public votes can be registered by saying +1, +0 or -1 in channel, (for private voting, private message me with 'vote +1/-1/+0 #channelname)

 19:46 <rbasak> +1

 19:46 <meetingology> +1 received from rbasak

 19:46 <slashd> #voterequired 4

 19:47 <slashd> +1

 19:47 <meetingology> +1 received from slashd

 19:47 <sil2100> +1

 19:47 <meetingology> +1 received from sil2100

 19:49 <slashd> cyphermox ?

 19:52 <cyphermox> +1

 19:52 <meetingology> +1 received from cyphermox

 19:52 <slashd> #endvote

 19:52 <meetingology> Voting ended on: Please vote on: 6-month expiry policy for flavor developer team membership

 19:52 <meetingology> Votes for:4 Votes against:0 Abstentions:0

 19:52 <meetingology> Motion carried

 19:53 <slashd> so I guess someone have to reply to the ML thread now ?

 19:53 <rbasak> I can take that action

 19:54 <slashd> rbasak, thanks

 19:54 <rbasak> And to implement

 19:54 <slashd> right

 19:54 <slashd> so I guess we are done for today

 19:54 <rbasak> Thank you for chairing slashd !

 19:54 <slashd> thanks guys

 19:54 <slashd> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)