== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team, 20 Jun at 15:02 &mdash; 15:50 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2019/ubuntu-meeting.2019-06-20-15.02.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning rounds ===
The discussion about "Lightning rounds" started at 15:02.


=== Release incoming bugs (eoan) ===
The discussion about "Release incoming bugs (eoan)" started at 15:10.

  * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ee-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs 

=== Release incoming bugs (bionic) ===
The discussion about "Release incoming bugs (bionic)" started at 15:23.

  * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-bb-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs 
  * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/linux/+bug/1509717 

=== Team proposed-migration report ===
The discussion about "Team proposed-migration report" started at 15:39.

  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs 

=== Chair selection for next meeting ===
The discussion about "Chair selection for next meeting" started at 15:44.


=== AOB ===
The discussion about "AOB" started at 15:46.

  * ''LINK:'' https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dQw4w9WgXcQ 



== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * cyphermox (57)
 * bdmurray (34)
 * vorlon (25)
 * rbalint (16)
 * juliank (16)
 * xnox (16)
 * ubottu (10)
 * waveform (7)
 * gaughen (6)
 * meetingology (3)



== Full Log ==


 15:02 <cyphermox> #startmeeting Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team

 15:02 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Jun 20 15:02:11 2019 UTC.  The chair is cyphermox. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 15:02 <meetingology> 

 15:02 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 15:02 <cyphermox> #topic Lightning rounds

 15:02 <cyphermox> echo $(shuf -e vorlon bdmurray xnox tdaitx doko sil2100 rbalint infinity cyphermox mwhudson juliank waveform)

 15:02 * vorlon waves

 15:02 <cyphermox> vorlon doko sil2100 mwhudson bdmurray infinity xnox cyphermox tdaitx juliank rbalint waveform

 15:02 <vorlon> oh noes

 15:03 <rbalint> vorlon noes

 15:03 <cyphermox> doko nopes?

 15:03 <vorlon> cyphermox: come back to me

 15:03 <cyphermox> yup

 15:03 <cyphermox> doko:

 15:04 <juliank> o/

 15:04 <cyphermox> guess he might have noped

 15:04 <bdmurray> sil2100 is on a holiday

 15:04 <cyphermox> who'se there?

 15:04 <bdmurray> I'm here

 15:04 <cyphermox> bdmurray: your turn then

 15:04 <bdmurray> oh yess!

 15:04 <vorlon> cyphermox: I can go whenever

 15:05 <bdmurray> worked with webops to resolve issues w/ cassandra and units connecting

 15:05 <bdmurray> reviewed sil2100's MP regarding additional sru removal suggestions

 15:05 <bdmurray> reviewed, merged, uploaded deb2snap DistUpgradeQuirk improvement (LP: #1831933)

 15:05 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1831933 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu Disco) "do-release-upgrade tries to install snaps even if it knows it can't reach the snapstore" [Medium,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1831933

 15:05 <bdmurray> reviewed, merged, uploaded release version translation fix (LP: #1727472)

 15:05 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1727472 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu Eoan) "[RFE] Automatically update the Ubuntu version string in ubuntu-release-upgrader" [Medium,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1727472

 15:05 <bdmurray> discussed with mvo c-n-f-extractor mlocate / locate change

 15:05 <bdmurray> tested dropping of u-r-u's obsolete kernel removal code (LP: #1828100)

 15:05 <bdmurray> investigation into having u-r-u understand architectures in meta-release

 15:05 <bdmurray> uploaded eoan fixes for LP: #1829968, LP: #1824005

 15:05 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1828100 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu Eoan) "KernelRemoval section of DistUpgrade.cfg shouldn't require manual updating" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1828100

 15:05 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1829968 in base-files (Ubuntu Bionic) "motd [on at least some instances] does not auto-update daily" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1829968

 15:05 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1824005 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu Eoan) "installing / refreshing snap impossible to translate" [Medium,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1824005

 15:05 <bdmurray> ✔ done

 15:05 <bdmurray> vorlon: how about now?

 15:05 <vorlon> * announced the dropping of i386; fielding feedback

 15:05 <vorlon> * meeting to confirm plans around OVS support in netplan

 15:05 <vorlon> * discussions around difficult fwupd SRU to bionic

 15:05 <vorlon> * netplan schema introspection: spec review/agreement

 15:05 <vorlon> * planning for UC20 sprint next week

 15:05 <vorlon> * upcoming:

 15:05 <vorlon> * off tomorrow

 15:06 <vorlon> * in London next week

 15:06 <vorlon> (done)

 15:06 <cyphermox> xnox:

 15:06 <xnox> * secureboot signed s390-tools migrated

 15:06 <xnox> * fix s390-tools ftbfs (submitted upstream too)

 15:06 <xnox> * working on staruprd for uc20

 15:06 <xnox> * working on core20 snap being able to build in lp/eoan

 15:06 <xnox> * working on multipath -part* vs s390x and encrypted systems

 15:06 <xnox> * more subiquity/casper fun for s390x

 15:06 <xnox> * UC20 sprint next week

 15:06 <xnox> (done)

 15:06 <cyphermox> cyphermox:

 15:07 <cyphermox> MIR review: finishing probert review

 15:07 <cyphermox> investigating edk2/ovmf black screen with secboot.fd firmware

 15:07 <xnox> StartUpRD

 15:07 <cyphermox> netplan specs

 15:07 <cyphermox> finishing grub2 merge

 15:07 <cyphermox> (done)

 15:07 <cyphermox> tdaitx:

 15:08 <cyphermox> rbalint:

 15:08 <rbalint> (short week)

 15:08 <rbalint> * updated kerneloops with new upstream snapshot and few fixes in Debian

 15:08 <rbalint> * filed and provided patch for https://bugs.debian.org/930654

 15:08 <ubottu> Debian bug 930654 in base-files "base-files: mesg: ttyname failed: No such device" [Normal,Open]

 15:08 <rbalint> * partner work

 15:08 <rbalint> * meetings and discussions

 15:08 <rbalint> (done)

 15:08 <cyphermox> waveform:

 15:09 <waveform> * off on Monday

 15:09 <waveform> * working on PR for pi3-gadget to use flash-kernel's new RPi bootscript; may require SRU of flash-kernel (it's currently using bionic as a package source)

 15:09 <waveform> * dissected core's u-boot environment (several versions) to determine what is specific to it, and whether it's feasible to have a single bootscript for core+classic (it is, but we need some extra bits to support their kernel params and splash screen)

 15:09 <waveform> * checked Core on CM3+; it doesn't work - firmware out of date, commit in the works

 15:09 <waveform> * replicated bluetooth issues on 3B+, haven't found time to dig into why yet

 15:09 <waveform> * responded to comments on pi image building instructions

 15:09 <waveform> (done)

 15:10 <cyphermox> thanks!

 15:10 <cyphermox> #topic Release incoming bugs (eoan)

 15:10 <cyphermox> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ee-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 15:11 <bdmurray> So I see a bunch of ftbfs bugs in there but I thought we'd said they go straight to cards

 15:12 <bdmurray> vorlon: ^^

 15:12 <vorlon> ack, I'll card 'em now

 15:12 <bdmurray> Well it'd be nice if that step got done with the bug filing

 15:12 <bdmurray> bug 1832651

 15:12 <ubottu> bug 1832651 in systemd (Ubuntu) "jackdbus fails to start: cannot allocate memory" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1832651

 15:13 <rbalint> bdmurray, i think we just card the ftbfs and pick them, but not at the meeting

 15:14 <bdmurray> rbalint: my point was when the ftbfs bug is filed a card should also be created

 15:14 <bdmurray> xnox: that's a systemd bug and I think there's an upstream fix

 15:15 <xnox> ok

 15:16 <xnox> bdmurray:  target

 15:17 <bdmurray> so all the undecided ones are ftbfs

 15:17 <cyphermox> grub2 is irrelevant, it's not going to be ftbfs when I'm done with it.

 15:17 <vorlon> indeed

 15:18 <cyphermox> actually, it is right now for me (I had exactly those issues), but that's what I'm fixing atm

 15:18 <cyphermox> (claiming)

 15:19 <vorlon> I'll fix up the rest

 15:19 <bdmurray> cyphermox: I forget what did we say about bug 1706859?

 15:19 <ubottu> bug 1706859 in ubiquity (Ubuntu Bionic) "Auto-selected keyboard layout no longer matches chosen region on "Where are you" page" [Medium,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1706859

 15:20 <cyphermox> I think I said I was going to test it, figure out if it's indeed what I think, picking language in ubiquity screens vs. in gfxboot

 15:20 <cyphermox> (so, preseeding)

 15:20 <bdmurray> that sounds familiar

 15:20 <bdmurray> so we leave that pending testing

 15:21 <bdmurray> bug 1783597 has a question about revising minimum installation space for preinstalled snaps

 15:21 <ubottu> bug 1783597 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu) "The disk-space-needed estimate doesn't account for the snaps" [Medium,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1783597

 15:21 <cyphermox> yeah

 15:21 <cyphermox> that one was because there's an open question whether we should also revisit minimum space hints in installers

 15:21 <bdmurray> vorlon: Do you think we should just bump the space needed or maybe check to see if we should?

 15:21 <bdmurray> e.g. do a minimum install and see what happens

 15:22 <vorlon> probably the latter

 15:22 <bdmurray> okay, I'll test that

 15:23 <bdmurray> I think that's good for rls-ee bugs

 15:23 <cyphermox> #topic Release incoming bugs (bionic)

 15:23 <cyphermox> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-bb-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 15:23 <cyphermox> one bug in that list

 15:23 <rbalint> how can we tell the needed space for snaps in advance when there are debs pulling in snaps in postinst?

 15:24 <vorlon> that's not how our images should be configured; snaps should be getting directly seeded

 15:25 <juliank> should we add an extra fields to debs?

 15:25 <rbalint> juliank, that could work

 15:26 <rbalint> like extra space needed for the package

 15:26 <juliank> XB-Extra-Install-Size: <kb>

 15:26 <rbalint> this could also be useful for other dynamic data

 15:26 <juliank> It might also be a useful estimate for packages that might create huge files

 15:26 <juliank> or flash installer or stuff

 15:26 <rbalint> :-D

 15:27 <rbalint> juliank, seems we agree :-)

 15:28 <juliank> ack

 15:28 * juliank speaks with his crazy APT maintainer hat

 15:34 <cyphermox> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/linux/+bug/1509717

 15:34 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1509717 in lvm2 (Ubuntu) "Wily LVM-RAID1 – md: personality for level 1 is not loaded" [High,In progress]

 15:34 <bdmurray> So old

 15:34 <cyphermox> ^ bb incoming bug

 15:36 <gaughen> I see it's assigned to apw

 15:37 <gaughen> is this something foundations should look to address?  do we agree that now we have comment #7 should we do it?

 15:37 <cyphermox> so; tracking or not?

 15:37 <gaughen> so xnox it's an sru of lvm2?

 15:37 <cyphermox> xnox: are you volunteering for it?

 15:38 <xnox> cyphermox:  no, enotime

 15:38 <xnox> i can do it in august

 15:38 <cyphermox> ack

 15:38 <vorlon> but it's a small change

 15:38 <vorlon> it's just a little wafer

 15:38 <bdmurray> so let's track and card that then

 15:38 <vorlon> ok I'll do

 15:39 <bdmurray> and unassign Andy

 15:39 <cyphermox> ok; moving on then

 15:39 <cyphermox> #topic Team proposed-migration report

 15:39 <xnox> vorlon:  btw, should i sru openssl postinst fix for people who purged debconf database?

 15:39 <cyphermox> #link http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs

 15:40 <xnox> vorlon:  or just push openssl to security, and let everyone explode?!

 15:40 <vorlon> xnox: you mean fix the .templates?

 15:40 <vorlon> there is no postinst change required

 15:40 <gaughen> xnox, vorlon let's chat more about this one when we get to AOB

 15:40 <vorlon> and yes it should be fixed

 15:40 <gaughen> apt is blocked on apt

 15:41 <gaughen> juliank is on it

 15:41 <juliank> upstream apt maintainer me will be doing a new release soon

 15:42 <juliank> also python-apt update is needed, see https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/transitions/html/apt.html

 15:42 <juliank> also could someone remove debian-xcontrol, aptsh, and goplay from eoan? thanks!

 15:43 <juliank> (I filed bugs they are listed in #u-release somewhere)

 15:44 <cyphermox> ok; that's it then?

 15:44 <cyphermox> #topic Chair selection for next meeting

 15:44 <cyphermox> who's the victim?

 15:44 <bdmurray> Is AOB after chair?

 15:44 <cyphermox> yes

 15:45 <rbalint> cyphermox, shuf? :-)

 15:45 <cyphermox> I nominate sil2100 because he's not here to defend himself?

 15:45 <cyphermox> (that's what I did, shuf)

 15:45 <juliank> +1

 15:45 <bdmurray> +1

 15:45 <xnox> seconded

 15:45 <rbalint> +seconded

 15:45 <cyphermox> shuf is going to be fair but not fun though; if you happen to be unlucky

 15:46 <cyphermox> ok, sil2100 is next chair, or we'll figure out something

 15:46 <cyphermox> #topic AOB

 15:46 <juliank> https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dQw4w9WgXcQ

 15:46 <cyphermox> that's a good song!

 15:47 <bdmurray> cyphermox: You are out on Monday right?

 15:48 <cyphermox> yes, I'm out for the next two Mondays

 15:48 <juliank> JFTR: I'm not here - I'm out today and tomorrow

 15:48 <juliank> All I did today was wash my bicycle

 15:48 <cyphermox> bdmurray: but, hey, Mondays are the worst

 15:48 <cyphermox> and now I want lasagna

 15:49 <cyphermox> any other other business?

 15:49 <juliank> end of aob

 15:49 <vorlon> nothing else here

 15:50 <cyphermox> winnitude!

 15:50 <cyphermox> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)