== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team, 25 Jul at 15:01 &mdash; 15:50 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2019/ubuntu-meeting.2019-07-25-15.01.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning rounds ===
The discussion about "Lightning rounds" started at 15:01.


=== Release incoming bugs (eoan) ===
The discussion about "Release incoming bugs (eoan)" started at 15:12.

  * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ee-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs 

=== Release incoming bugs (bionic) ===
The discussion about "Release incoming bugs (bionic)" started at 15:21.

  * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-bb-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs 

=== Team proposed-migration report ===
The discussion about "Team proposed-migration report" started at 15:30.

  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs 

=== Chair selection for next meeting ===
The discussion about "Chair selection for next meeting" started at 15:30.


=== AOB ===
The discussion about "AOB" started at 15:45.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * bdmurray (41)
 * vorlon (32)
 * cyphermox (31)
 * sil2100 (28)
 * gaughen (25)
 * rbalint (14)
 * ubottu (10)
 * juliank (8)
 * waveform (5)
 * meetingology (3)
 * didrocks (1)



== Full Log ==


 15:01 <cyphermox> #startmeeting Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team

 15:01 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Jul 25 15:01:23 2019 UTC.  The chair is cyphermox. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 15:01 <meetingology> 

 15:01 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 15:01 <cyphermox> #topic Lightning rounds

 15:01 <cyphermox> echo $(shuf -e vorlon bdmurray xnox tdaitx doko sil2100 rbalint infinity cyphermox mwhudson juliank waveform)

 15:01 <cyphermox> xnox mwhudson rbalint juliank infinity bdmurray waveform doko cyphermox sil2100 tdaitx vorlon

 15:02 <bdmurray> xnox: is at debconf

 15:02 <cyphermox> yep

 15:02 <bdmurray> so rbalint

 15:02 <rbalint> ha that was quick

 15:02 <rbalint> (short week)

 15:02 <rbalint> * many wsl-related discussions

 15:02 <rbalint> published http://balintreczey.hu/blog/introducing-ubuntu-wsl-the-package-making-ubuntu-better-and-better-on-wsl/

 15:03 <rbalint> prepared and verified SRUs for LP: #1836552

 15:03 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1836552 in wslu (Ubuntu Disco) "[SRU] Please detect sound and X server running on Windows" [Undecided,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1836552

 15:04 <rbalint> * also for LP: #1837466

 15:04 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1837466 in ubuntu-meta (Ubuntu Disco) "[SRU] Please make ubuntu-wsl recommend dbus-x11 " [Undecided,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1837466

 15:04 <rbalint> * merged systemd 242 from experimental, tests pending

 15:04 <rbalint> (done)

 15:04 <bdmurray> juliank is at debconf

 15:05 <bdmurray> infinity isn't in the channel

 15:05 <bdmurray> (short week as I was helping a friend move)

 15:05 <bdmurray> modifications to oops-repository to stop writing unicode to an ascii column

 15:05 <bdmurray> started work on conversion of daisy to python-cassandra

 15:05 <bdmurray> had oops-repository updated on the production Error Tracker

 15:05 <bdmurray> removal of unnecessary data from Error Tracker db for EoL releases

 15:05 <bdmurray> updated errors code to display Ubuntu 18.10 as EoL, submitted corresponding RT

 15:05 <bdmurray> research into bug 1829805 and initramfs-tools regression

 15:05 <ubottu> bug 1829805 in initramfs-tools (Ubuntu) "update-initramfs -k all -c does not create initrd images anymore" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1829805

 15:05 <bdmurray> tested motd timers for bug 1637800 (fail)

 15:05 <ubottu> bug 1637800 in base-files (Ubuntu Xenial) "add a motd script for news" [Low,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1637800

 15:05 <bdmurray> set Ubuntu 18.10 as unsupported in meta-release and m-r-proposed

 15:05 <bdmurray> submitted MP fixing Traceback in the phased-updater

 15:05 <bdmurray> additional testing of bug 1833610 - its the / partition that can be too small

 15:05 <ubottu> bug 1833610 in ubiquity (Ubuntu) "minimum root partition size recommendation is too small" [Medium,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1833610

 15:05 <bdmurray> review of apport changes from OEM team

 15:05 <bdmurray> sponsored, uploaded apport change for LP: #1837174

 15:05 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1837174 in OEM Priority Project "auto compress if save filename ends with .gz" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1837174

 15:06 <bdmurray> unsubscribed foundations-bugs team from many unsupported packages

 15:06 <bdmurray> special SRU review of linux-firmware-raspi2

 15:06 <bdmurray> ✔ done

 15:06 * juliank waves from DebConf!

 15:06 <bdmurray> waveform:

 15:06 <waveform> * Debugged core boot screen; kernel team has now fixed modules in initrd (LP: #1837209)

 15:06 <waveform> * Pi4 boot: updated u-boot package to 2019.07 and added rpi4 patches on top, testing on-going (on all supported pi releases)

 15:06 <waveform> * Pi4 boot: removed device-tree suffix patches from u-boot (haven't been required for some time now)

 15:06 <waveform> * Pi4 boot: testing pi4 kernel patches (minus u-boot currently); 1Gb barrier no longer appears an issue

 15:06 <waveform> (done)

 15:06 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1837209 in linux-raspi2 (Ubuntu) "Splash screen fails to display on recent pi core18 images" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1837209

 15:06 <cyphermox> doko:

 15:07 <cyphermox> no doko?

 15:07 <juliank> debconf doko

 15:07 <cyphermox> ack

 15:07 <cyphermox> cyphermox:

 15:07 <cyphermox> off Monday, Tuesday

 15:07 <cyphermox> review prepared shim for next upload

 15:07 <cyphermox> investigating writable files in /etc on core

 15:07 <cyphermox> debugging chainloader issues with bootctl (return from last week)

 15:07 <cyphermox> spec draft for netplan NetworkManager read/write plugin

 15:07 <cyphermox> (done)

 15:07 <cyphermox> sil2100:

 15:08 <sil2100> uh

 15:08 <sil2100> - SRU reviews and releases

 15:08 <sil2100> - Kernel reviews

 15:08 <sil2100> - Investigating broken jenkins core18 rebuild jobs - manually kicked and promoted a new core18 to beta

 15:08 <sil2100> * Jobs are *again* disabled, poking CPC about it

 15:08 <sil2100> - Working on packaging the sd-build-blobs for the dragonboard

 15:08 <sil2100> * Prepared the new package, battled uscan to handle the strange upstream releases page

 15:08 <sil2100> * Investigating how this is used in the gadget

 15:08 <sil2100> - Fixed the ADT regression informing, waiting for review

 15:08 <sil2100> - Poked around regarding the pi-kernel regression for core18 pi boot-splash

 15:08 <sil2100> - Some thinking about ubuntu-image classic image boot partition upgrades

 15:08 <sil2100> * Worked a bit on a different approach, poked Steve for input

 15:08 <sil2100> - Disabled pi2 and cm3 core18 image builds

 15:08 <sil2100> - Prepared new language-packs for 18.04.3, now promoted those that got tested

 15:08 <sil2100> * Sanity-tested the -pl ones

 15:08 <sil2100> (done)

 15:10 <bdmurray> tdaitx: ?

 15:10 <sil2100> tdaitx: here?

 15:10 <gaughen> tdaitx is at debconf

 15:11 <sil2100> Ah, so vorlon!

 15:11 <vorlon> * long week, worked all 5 days since last meeting

 15:11 <vorlon> * interviewing candidates for manager opening

 15:11 <vorlon> * prep w/ team for Toronto sprint

 15:11 <vorlon> * nudging packages through the gauntlet for -proposed

 15:11 <vorlon> * released new subiquity to stable for 18.04.3

 15:11 <vorlon> * NEW review of mysql-8.0, transition begins

 15:11 <vorlon> (done)

 15:12 <cyphermox> #topic Release incoming bugs (eoan)

 15:12 <cyphermox> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ee-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 15:13 <bdmurray> bug 1837068

 15:13 <ubottu> bug 1837068 in valgrind (Ubuntu) "libssh armhf autopkgtest failure on valgrind unhandled instruction: 0xEBAD 0x1CCA" [High,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1837068

 15:15 <bdmurray> vorlon: should we card this?

 15:16 <vorlon> bdmurray: probably not

 15:16 <bdmurray> sil2100: did you look into bug 1833758?

 15:16 <ubottu> bug 1833758 in lvm2 (Ubuntu) "lvm2: vgcfgbackup in postinst takes several minutes" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1833758

 15:16 <vorlon> bdmurray: it looks like this changed in libssl, not in libssh or in valgrind, so it should probably just be marked as a badtest by the release team

 15:17 <bdmurray> vorlon: okay

 15:17 <sil2100> bdmurray: I'm ashamed to say that I did not, once again I have completely forgot about it

 15:17 <sil2100> I am a terrible mentee...

 15:17 <sil2100> I assigned myself to it now

 15:17 <bdmurray> sil2100: I'm gonna find a new one

 15:18 <gaughen> bdmurray, vorlon if we're not going to take this item, we should add a comment

 15:18 <gaughen> bdmurray, vorlon who's going to add a comment?

 15:19 <gaughen> and are we dropping the tag?

 15:19 <vorlon> yes, the tag should be dropped

 15:20 <gaughen> bdmurray, you going to do that? and add a statement as to why?

 15:20 <vorlon> done

 15:20 <bdmurray> gaughen: No because its already been done. ;-)

 15:20 <gaughen> bdmurray, I saw - slangasek did it!

 15:21 <gaughen> next

 15:21 <bdmurray> that's all the High and Undecided for rls-ee-incoming

 15:21 <cyphermox> ok

 15:21 <cyphermox> #topic Release incoming bugs (bionic)

 15:21 <cyphermox> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-bb-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 15:21 <bdmurray> bug 1833476 is Undecided

 15:21 <ubottu> bug 1833476 in nginx (Ubuntu) "libssl1.1 version 1.1.1-1ubuntu2.1~18.04.2 breaks nginx ssl tests" [Undecided,Incomplete] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1833476

 15:24 <vorlon> should be targeted to bionic, since it's an SRU regression

 15:24 <vorlon> it's still incomplete so I'm not sure we should card it

 15:24 <bdmurray> that seems reasonable

 15:26 <bdmurray> that covers the bugs I guess

 15:27 <bdmurray> NGIиX

 15:29 <vorlon> cyphermox: ?

 15:30 <cyphermox> #topic Team proposed-migration report

 15:30 <cyphermox> #link http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs

 15:30 <gaughen> didrocks, stop taking to cyphermox - he's trying to run this meeting!

 15:30 <cyphermox> #topic Chair selection for next meeting

 15:30 <cyphermox> woops

 15:31 <gaughen> :-)

 15:31 <didrocks> gaughen: ;)

 15:31 <rbalint> systemd in ppa:rbalint/scratch3, waiting for tests to finish

 15:32 <gaughen> that's a long list

 15:32 <bdmurray> NGIᴎX

 15:34 <bdmurray> #topic Team proposed-migration report

 15:34 <vorlon> aptdaemon still needs someone to take it

 15:34 <gaughen> aptdaemon - juliank were you going to peek at that?

 15:34 <vorlon> aptdaemon autopkgtests need fixing for new lintian

 15:34 <juliank> oh ok

 15:35 <gaughen> juliank, you'll take it? I'll create a card for you in case it gets lost in debconf fun

 15:35 <gaughen> rbalint, you've got systemd right?

 15:35 <juliank> Where is that?

 15:35 <rbalint> gaughen, yes

 15:36 <juliank> that's the srus?

 15:36 <rbalint> i also take libnfs

 15:36 <gaughen> rbalint, you don't need that carded do you?

 15:36 <vorlon> juliank: http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs

 15:36 <gaughen> thank you rbalint

 15:36 <gaughen> what about python3.7?

 15:36 <juliank> oh, I was looking at disco somehow

 15:36 <juliank> bad browser

 15:36 <juliank> will fix it!

 15:36 <gaughen> thank you juliank

 15:37 <gaughen> I'll see about mwhudson taking a peek at python3.7 unless someone else is already digging

 15:37 * gaughen looks at doko

 15:38 <gaughen> anything else on the list worth looking iat?

 15:38 <vorlon> everything else needs looking at

 15:39 <vorlon> valgrind vs libnfs on s390x

 15:39 <vorlon> volunteer?

 15:39 <vorlon> oh rbalint said he's taking

 15:39 <vorlon> imagemagick is blocked on mir

 15:39 <vorlon> debhelper is blocked on a flaky test that needs retry

 15:39 <bdmurray> mir or MIR?

 15:40 <rbalint> MiR

 15:40 <vorlon> mır

 15:40 <sil2100> ;p

 15:40 <vorlon> nginx

 15:40 <vorlon> devscripts, anyone want to look at the ftbfs?

 15:40 <rbalint> don't nginx it :o)

 15:40 <sil2100> I can

 15:40 <sil2100> o/

 15:40 <bdmurray> I want to

 15:41 <vorlon> thanks

 15:41 <vorlon> ncurses, someone needs to see why it's breaking random pythons

 15:41 <sil2100> ...so maybe ncurses for me?

 15:41 <sil2100> ;)

 15:42 <vorlon> sil2100: enjoy

 15:42 <vorlon> and I'll take libjson-xs-perl

 15:43 <vorlon> I believe that's all we need to dole out today

 15:44 <cyphermox> ok

 15:44 * sil2100 needs to write it down to actually look at it tomorrow

 15:44 <cyphermox> so; I will chair next week as well

 15:44 <gaughen> sil2100, I carded it

 15:45 <gaughen> sil2100, with your face and it's in committed

 15:45 <sil2100> gaughen: thank you!

 15:45 <cyphermox> #topic AOB

 15:45 <vorlon> nothing for me

 15:46 <bdmurray> I'm taking off early tomorrow to go to my summer home

 15:46 <gaughen> rbalint is going to chair?

 15:46 <gaughen> bdmurray, you mean mt st helens?

 15:46 <rbalint> ok, maybe from my summer home :-)

 15:46 <gaughen> there you go cyphermox ^^ the new chair you've always wanted

 15:46 <bdmurray> gaughen: indeed, mt hood was alright but I gotta get back to my baby

 15:48 <bdmurray> cyphermox: end meeting?

 15:48 <bdmurray> gaughen: and its mount st helens

 15:48 <cyphermox> I thought I was going to chair

 15:48 <cyphermox> but sure, rbalint if you want to

 15:50 <cyphermox> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)