== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team, 15 Aug at 15:03 &mdash; 16:04 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2019/ubuntu-meeting.2019-08-15-15.03.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning rounds ===
The discussion about "Lightning rounds" started at 15:03.


=== Release incoming bugs (eoan) ===
The discussion about "Release incoming bugs (eoan)" started at 15:12.

  * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ee-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs 

=== Release incoming bugs (bionic) ===
The discussion about "Release incoming bugs (bionic)" started at 15:21.

  * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-bb-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs 
  * ''ACTION:'' xnox and apw to get to the bottom of LP: #1840122 and report back
  * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/systemd/+bug/1837700 

=== Team proposed-migration report ===
The discussion about "Team proposed-migration report" started at 15:34.

  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs 
  * ''LINK:'' http://autopkgtest.ubuntu.com/packages/p/pandas/eoan/amd64 -> triggered by pytest => fails in both py2 and py3
  * ''LINK:'' https://pandas-docs.github.io/pandas-docs-travis/whatsnew/v0.25.0.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://autopkgtest.ubuntu.com/packages/m/mysql-connector-c++ good url

=== Chair selection for next meeting ===
The discussion about "Chair selection for next meeting" started at 16:01.


=== AOB ===
The discussion about "AOB" started at 16:01.




== Vote results ==




== Action items, by person ==

 * apw
  * xnox and apw to get to the bottom of LP: #1840122 and report back
 * xnox
  * xnox and apw to get to the bottom of LP: #1840122 and report back



== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * juliank (66)
 * vorlon (46)
 * xnox (26)
 * bdmurray (15)
 * rbalint (13)
 * cyphermox (13)
 * ubottu (12)
 * gaughen (9)
 * waveform (8)
 * doko (4)
 * meetingology (4)
 * seb128 (4)
 * apw (3)
 * ddstreet (1)



== Full Log ==


 15:03 <juliank> #startmeeting Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team

 15:03 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Aug 15 15:03:02 2019 UTC.  The chair is juliank. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 15:03 <meetingology> 

 15:03 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 15:03 <juliank> #topic Lightning rounds

 15:03 <juliank> echo $(shuf -e vorlon bdmurray xnox tdaitx doko sil2100 rbalint infinity cyphermox mwhudson juliank waveform)

 15:03 <juliank> bdmurray tdaitx vorlon mwhudson doko infinity xnox sil2100 juliank rbalint waveform cyphermox

 15:04 <bdmurray> finished conversion of daisy to python-cassandra (not retracer code though)

 15:04 <bdmurray> submitted MP and RT regarding updating daisy in production (x2)

 15:04 <bdmurray> discovered that daisy wasn't really updated in production / got it done again

 15:04 <bdmurray> research into daisy w/ python-cassandra causing OOM kills

 15:04 <bdmurray> reverted daisy to previous version without python-cassandra

 15:04 <bdmurray> resolved issue with Error Tracker daily user count cronjob

 15:04 <bdmurray> review of u-r-u MP regarding calculating snap size requirements

 15:04 <bdmurray> fixed a Traceback when writing to CouldNotBucket in cassandra

 15:04 <bdmurray> triage of ubuntu-bug failing LP: #1814611

 15:04 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1814611 in apport (Ubuntu Eoan) "turning off "Send error reports to Canonical" prevents using ubuntu-bug" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1814611

 15:04 <bdmurray> review of MP regarding sru-report re: block-proposed tag

 15:04 <bdmurray> something of a short week as I was out yesterday

 15:04 <bdmurray> âœ” done

 15:05 <bdmurray> no tdaitx

 15:05 <bdmurray> vorlon: ?

 15:05 <vorlon> oh noes

 15:05 <vorlon> ok

 15:05 <vorlon> * discussions around secureboot on ARM for a customer

 15:06 <vorlon> * proposed-migration

 15:06 <vorlon> * includes kicking off the mysql8 transition and trying to address long-stuck packages

 15:06 <vorlon> * reviewing an ubuntu-image request from sil2100

 15:06 <vorlon> * NEW reviews in SRU

 15:06 <vorlon> (done)

 15:07 <doko> no mwhudson ...

 15:07 <doko> * back from vacations

 15:07 <doko> * catch up with things

 15:07 <doko> (done)

 15:07 <juliank> No infinity

 15:07 <juliank> xnox:

 15:08 <xnox> * uc20:

 15:08 <xnox> consoleconf & core20 now works

 15:08 <xnox> * s390x stuff:

 15:08 <xnox> bug #1837016

 15:08 <ubottu> bug 1837016 in Ubuntu on IBM z Systems "[19.10 FEAT] Enhanced CPU-MF hardware counters - libpfm part" [High,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1837016

 15:08 <xnox> bug #1836532

 15:08 <ubottu> bug 1836532 in Ubuntu on IBM z Systems "[19.10 FEAT] Upgrade libdfp 1.0.14" [High,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1836532

 15:08 <xnox> bug #1839123

 15:08 <ubottu> bug 1839123 in Ubuntu on IBM z Systems "[19.10 FEAT] gzip compression improvements addl. patch required" [High,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1839123

 15:08 <xnox> bug #1835048

 15:08 <ubottu> bug 1835048 in Ubuntu on IBM z Systems "[19.10 FEAT] openCryptoki ica token: add SHA*-RSA_PKCS_PSS mechanisms" [High,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1835048

 15:08 <xnox> * atlas progressing on z14 optimizied builds

 15:08 <xnox> done

 15:08 <xnox> next

 15:09 <juliank> sil2100 is out

 15:09 <juliank> It's my turn

 15:09 <juliank> .. some weird clicking later ..

 15:09 <juliank> * uploaded gpgme1.0 to bionic to fix FTBFS there (LP: #1813581)

 15:09 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1813581 in gpgme1.0 (Ubuntu Bionic) "gpgme1.0 ftbfs in 18.04 LTS" [High,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1813581

 15:09 <juliank> * otherwise, it's been kind of an *apt* week.

 15:09 <juliank> * released apt 1.8.3, (fake-ish)-synced to disco, 1.8.3~deb10u1 for Debian stable (LP: #1838771 amongst others)

 15:09 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1838771 in apt (Ubuntu Disco) "http:Fix Host header in proxied https connections" [Medium,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1838771

 15:09 <juliank> * fixed a segmentation fault introduced in apt 1.9.2 (https://salsa.debian.org/apt-team/apt/merge_requests/73, LP: #1839714)

 15:09 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1839714 in apt (Ubuntu) "Segmentation fault when running apt update using libapt-pkg5.90_1.9.2" [High,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1839714

 15:09 <juliank> * wondering why dpkg SRU was released on disco and xenial but not bionic (that's not a sane order ;))

 15:09 <juliank> * learned more about AppStream and what the needs are on a package management daemon side

 15:09 <juliank> * started preparing to run black on python-apt code

 15:09 <juliank> also as a special announcement: APT PATTERNS (for packages) ARE HERE! (https://salsa.debian.org/apt-team/apt/merge_requests/74)

 15:09 <juliank> * Purge config files: apt purge ?config-files

 15:09 <juliank> * Remove autoremovable packages: apt remove ?garbage

 15:09 <juliank> * Install packages with weird queries: apt install ?or(?name(^apt$),?and(?true,?false))

 15:09 <juliank> * Show all upgradable packages: apt-cache show ?upgradable

 15:09 <juliank> * Caveats: It's not working for search and inside preferences files so far

 15:10 <juliank> * https://people.debian.org/~jak/apt-search-terms.html contains more info (but is badly rendered; it's apt-patterns(5) manpage).

 15:10 <juliank> * Patterns for versions coming at a later point, but trying to get them in before feature freeze

 15:10 <juliank> * Will be writing a blog post about that stuff, it's super exciting.

 15:10 <juliank> (done)

 15:10 <juliank> rbalint:

 15:10 <rbalint> * tried to migrate a 243-rc1 then got it dropped from eoan-proposed and rebuilt rev deps that needed that

 15:10 <rbalint> * now preparing 241 for eoan and continuing fixing up 243 for eoan+1

 15:10 <rbalint> * partner work

 15:10 <rbalint> (done)

 15:10 <waveform> * Pi 4 boot:

 15:10 <waveform> * Got u-boot working reliably across pi versions but only with conditional sections (separate u-boot for 2, 3, and 4); still no fb or kbd for u-boot on pi4 though (lacking drivers)

 15:10 <waveform> * Tidying up mkknlimg usage by pi for bug #1805668 (appears mkknlimg is no longer required; have removed it apparently successfully from the experimental u-boot package)

 15:10 <waveform> * Got a kernel working with both pi3 and pi4 \o/ (still stripping out irrelevant patches)

 15:10 <waveform> * Kernel appears fully functional on the 3, but not fully on 4 (ethernet and framebuffer working, but neither USB2 nor USB3 - lacking some config)

 15:10 <ubottu> bug 1805668 in linux-firmware-raspi2 (Ubuntu) "Building armhf and arm64 Raspberry Pi 3 images" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1805668

 15:10 <waveform> * With a bit more work should be possible to have a single classic distribution that works on all (supported) pi platforms

 15:10 <waveform> * Upgrade path for older versions is under consideration

 15:10 <waveform> (done)

 15:10 <cyphermox> I was out Friday, Monday and Tuesday.

 15:11 <cyphermox> visited wineries, looked at Legos and stuff

 15:11 <cyphermox> preparing netplan release

 15:11 <cyphermox> (done)

 15:12 <juliank> I guess no questions on status?

 15:12 <juliank> #topic Release incoming bugs (eoan)

 15:12 <juliank> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ee-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 15:13 <bdmurray> bug 1840122

 15:13 <ubottu> bug 1840122 in linux (Ubuntu) "System fails to reboot from live session or ubiquity-dm - squashfs_read_data failed to read block" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1840122

 15:15 <xnox> bdmurray:  so, we had those squashfs error on subiquity iso during disco release.

 15:15 <xnox> bdmurray:  the "fails to reboot" i wonder if it's again "waiting for someone to press enter"

 15:15 <vorlon> finalrd?

 15:16 <xnox> because the squashfs_read_data hides the messages.

 15:16 <vorlon> are we doing finalrd yet?

 15:16 <xnox> hmmmm

 15:17 <xnox> i remember writting a finalrd hook, but i can't remember if i shipped it or not

 15:17 <vorlon> I'm sure you didn't

 15:17 <vorlon> something something late in cycle

 15:18 <vorlon> so do we want to commit to this?

 15:21 <xnox> apw:  remember squashfs errors during disco sprint on subiquity image? now happening on regular desktop image too as reproduced by jibel......

 15:21 <xnox> apw:  did we ever look into squashfs, as in are we building them wrong? is media bad? or kernel too strict?

 15:21 <juliank> #topic Release incoming bugs (bionic)

 15:21 <juliank> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-bb-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 15:22 <apw> xnox, i remember vaguly, do we have an example of a thing which is bad ?

 15:23 <vorlon> [ACTION] xnox and apw to get to the bottom of LP: #1840122 and report back

 15:23 * meetingology xnox and apw to get to the bottom of LP: #1840122 and report back

 15:23 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1840122 in linux (Ubuntu) "System fails to reboot from live session or ubiquity-dm - squashfs_read_data failed to read block" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1840122

 15:23 * apw fades into the backgroun

 15:24 <gaughen> d

 15:26 <apw> *a spooky voice says* "its there bug faded out"

 15:26 <juliank> that's what I said!

 15:29 <vorlon> the only bug there is a 'low' systemd bug that appears to be in someone else's hands, not for us

 15:29 <vorlon> move on?

 15:29 <juliank> ok!

 15:29 <juliank> ?

 15:30 <xnox> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/systemd/+bug/1837700

 15:30 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1837700 in OEM Priority Project "Dell system takes a long time to connect network with external dock" [Critical,In progress]

 15:30 <xnox> Need fix landing in bionic before 31st of August.

 15:34 <xnox> ddstreet:  can we chat about systemd SRU bugs? they don't quite make sense to me, and I'm not sure if things were tested on non-dell systems, and like upgrades from xenial with ifupdown.

 15:34 <xnox> juliank:  NEXT

 15:34 <juliank> #topic Team proposed-migration report

 15:34 <juliank> #link http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs

 15:35 <cyphermox> I'm already looking at pyyaml (since last week)

 15:35 <rbalint> prometheus-blackbox-exporter can't be installed and to fix it it needs breaking a build cycle

 15:35 <rbalint> i'm already on it

 15:35 <ddstreet> xnox sure anytime

 15:36 <juliank> cyphermox: hang on, I have a card for that

 15:36 <cyphermox> juliank: ok, well it's /mostly/ rerunning the tests with the right trigers

 15:37 <rbalint> can i just badtest prometheus-blackbox-exporter for a little to migrate debconf?

 15:38 <gaughen> are we talking btrfs?

 15:38 <vorlon> btrfs-progs: xnox has already got an mp to curtin for this

 15:38 <vorlon> so that's in progress

 15:38 <gaughen> cool

 15:38 <juliank> what's broken there? it says candidate

 15:38 <seb128> vorlon, xnox, apw, commenting a bit later, but that reboot issue is what is making daily ISO testing fail in UTAH and daily-proposed desktop not moving to current (so would be nice to get to the bottom of it)

 15:38 <gaughen> then the debconf one

 15:38 <vorlon> rbalint: if prometheus-blackbox-exporter can't be installed, is that an autopkgtest failure that we should ignore?

 15:38 <gaughen> rbalint has debconf

 15:38 <xnox> seb128:  ah, interesting! thanks.

 15:40 <vorlon> prometheus-blackbox-exporter badtest added

 15:40 <vorlon> golang-defaults, I've previously flagged to mwhudson's attention

 15:40 <gaughen> vorlon, I'll put on his plate

 15:40 <vorlon> juliank: you know to look in update_output.txt for things that are lingering in 'candidate'?

 15:40 <juliank> vorlon: no

 15:41 <vorlon> juliank: 'candidate' only means that this package meets all the policies (built, tests) for it to be considered for migration.  It can still block, if migrating it would make other packages uninstallable

 15:41 <vorlon> and that information is in update_output.txt

 15:42 <juliank> skipped: btrfs-progs (9, 33, 80)

 15:42 <juliank> got: 41+0: a-16:a-7:a-7:i-5:p-3:s-3

 15:42 <juliank> * amd64: curtin, subiquity, subiquity-tools

 15:42 <juliank> that's super readable

 15:42 <vorlon> ;)

 15:42 <juliank> Can't we have britney output that to the html

 15:42 <vorlon> no

 15:42 <vorlon> it's a completely second pass

 15:42 <juliank> ugh

 15:42 <juliank> not a good ux :D

 15:42 <vorlon> nope

 15:42 <vorlon> but it's what exists today

 15:43 <cyphermox> I had started discussing that with upstream

 15:43 <cyphermox> (ie. outputting some json or whatnot that could then be used)

 15:43 <vorlon> also that file is basically log output of a process that may run multiple times

 15:43 <cyphermox> yeah :/

 15:43 <juliank> anyway...

 15:43 <cyphermox> and outputting it is performance-sensitive

 15:43 <vorlon> anyway, something better would be nice, but is non-trivial :)

 15:43 <vorlon> yes

 15:44 <juliank> let's continue with libvpx?

 15:44 <vorlon> libvpx is a library transition; seb128 was looking at it the other day

 15:44 <cyphermox> I kinda half know what I'm getting into there, but I'm volunteering to help seb128 with it if necessary

 15:44 <seb128> I didn't get far and I'm off tomorrow so if someone wants to look as well please do

 15:44 <vorlon> ffmpeg had a failing autopkgtest on armhf; xpra fails on ppc64el; and it's entangled with mysql via mythtv (which might be transiently removable)

 15:45 <cyphermox> we can still move it forward a bit

 15:45 <seb128> ffmpeg got updated to a new version at the same time as the libvpx update, we would try the previous version on armhf to see if that one works

 15:46 <gaughen> thanks cyphermox

 15:46 <seb128> I wanted to do that today but didn't get to it

 15:46 <juliank> python-tz caused pandas to regress

 15:47 <vorlon> juliank: python2-only regression?

 15:47 <vorlon> do we resolve that by dropping python2 from pandas? :)

 15:47 <juliank> unittests            FAIL non-zero exit status 137

 15:47 <juliank> unittests3           PASS

 15:47 <juliank> I mean looks like it

 15:48 <vorlon> there are a few revdeps that would need unwinding, but it's tractable and probably a better use of time than fixing the python2-specific ppc64el pandas test failure

 15:49 <juliank> ../../../usr/lib/python2.7/dist-packages/pandas/tests/series/test_analytics.py::TestSeriesAnalytics::test_isin Killed

 15:49 <xnox> http://autopkgtest.ubuntu.com/packages/p/pandas/eoan/amd64 -> triggered by pytest => fails in both py2 and py3

 15:49 <xnox> because of newer pytest

 15:50 <xnox> https://pandas-docs.github.io/pandas-docs-travis/whatsnew/v0.25.0.html

 15:51 <vorlon> a volunteer to drop python2 support for pandas and its revdeps?

 15:51 <gaughen> do it vorlon

 15:51 <vorlon> ok

 15:51 <vorlon> I'll take it

 15:53 <gaughen> aptdaemon

 15:53 <juliank> So

 15:53 <juliank> this was passing once

 15:53 <juliank> it normally does not

 15:53 <juliank> there is some weird hang on arm64 most of the time

 15:53 <vorlon> once upon a time once, or exactly once once?

 15:53 <vorlon> so it's flaky and we should badtest it?

 15:54 <juliank> and it's only regressing now because it suddenly passed

 15:54 <juliank> yeah

 15:54 <rbalint> juliank, i'm adding a badtest

 15:55 <xnox> http://autopkgtest.ubuntu.com/packages/m/mysql-connector-c++ good url

 15:57 <rbalint> hints for today https://code.launchpad.net/~rbalint/britney/autopkgtest-eoan-hints/+merge/371356

 16:01 <juliank> let's skip the rest of the list, it's getting long

 16:01 <juliank> #topic Chair selection for next meeting

 16:01 <cyphermox> I volunteer

 16:01 <juliank> acknowledged!

 16:01 <juliank> #topic AOB

 16:02 <juliank> any other business?

 16:02 <vorlon> rbalint: merged; were you going to add mysql-connector-c++ hints also?

 16:03 <rbalint> vorlon, i pushed that as well a few secs ago :-)

 16:03 <vorlon> ok

 16:03 <rbalint> i'm rebasing

 16:03 <rbalint> a sec

 16:03 <vorlon> rbalint: you forgot the word 'force-badtest' at the start of that hint ;)

 16:04 <rbalint> ahh

 16:04 <vorlon> juliank: no other business

 16:04 <juliank> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)