== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 10 Jan at 16:02 &mdash; 16:57 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2019/ubuntu-meeting.2019-01-10-16.02.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning round ===
The discussion about "Lightning round" started at 16:02.


=== Bugs ===
The discussion about "Bugs" started at 16:18.


=== 18.04.2 ===
The discussion about "18.04.2" started at 16:35.

  * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/bionic/ actually shows no bugs targeted to 18.04.2 at all

=== AOB ===
The discussion about "AOB" started at 16:49.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * vorlon (78)
 * cyphermox (37)
 * bdmurray (33)
 * juliank (32)
 * sil2100 (28)
 * doko (21)
 * ubottu (16)
 * tdaitx (14)
 * rbalint (13)
 * gaughen (8)
 * waveform (7)
 * meetingology (3)



== Full Log ==


 16:02 <vorlon> #startmeeting

 16:02 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Jan 10 16:02:16 2019 UTC.  The chair is vorlon. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:02 <meetingology> 

 16:02 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 16:02 <vorlon> [TOPIC] Lightning round

 16:02 <vorlon> $ echo $(shuf -e vorlon bdmurray xnox tdaitx doko sil2100 rbalint infinity cyphermox mwhudson juliank waveform)

 16:02 <vorlon> rbalint mwhudson xnox infinity juliank cyphermox waveform doko tdaitx vorlon sil2100 bdmurray

 16:02 <sil2100> Not sure if rbalint is still around

 16:02 <rbalint> o/

 16:02 <sil2100> Oh!

 16:03 <rbalint> * update-excuses:

 16:03 <rbalint> - fixed hidden ABI breakage in imagemagick in disco

 16:03 <rbalint> - triaged and added hint for twisted

 16:03 <rbalint> * verified unattended-upgrades srus

 16:03 <rbalint> * partner work and other discussions

 16:03 <rbalint> * delayed NMU-d imagemagick in Debian

 16:03 <rbalint> * uploaded forked-daapd 26.4-1, wireshark 2.6.6-1, libnfs 3.0.0-1

 16:03 <rbalint> * performed the libnfs transition in Debian and Ubuntu

 16:03 <rbalint> * helped with resolving the imagemagick ABI breakage in Debian and asked for rebuilds in Debian and did them in Ubuntu

 16:03 <rbalint> * updated and sru-d gce-compute-image-packages

 16:03 <rbalint> * reported LP: #1811210

 16:03 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1811210 in initramfs-tools (Ubuntu Bionic) "intramfs-tools 0.130ubuntu3.3 in bionic-security breaks netplan.io in -security or in release" [High,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1811210

 16:03 <rbalint> (done)

 16:04 <bdmurray> no mwhudson or xnox

 16:04 <bdmurray> don't see infinity so juliank is up

 16:04 <juliank> * Some update_excuses triaging to get stuff migrated, especially gnutls28; also uploads for that (in below)

 16:04 <juliank> * merged wpa, wget, lz4, amd64-microcode (still needs SRUs I think), packagekit, gnupg2, dnsmasq

 16:04 <juliank> * fixed bugs in hddemux, gnupg2, mariadb-10.1 autopkgtests

 16:04 <juliank> * prepared fix for mysql-5.7 autopkgtests, rbasak uploaded to sid and synced it

 16:04 <juliank> * apt stuff:

 16:04 <juliank> - improved the apt-mark minimize-manual merge request

 16:04 <juliank> - sent an email to deity@l.d.o to move discussion of repo enable/disablement forward (-32768 pinning)

 16:04 <juliank> - sent an email to deity@l.d.o to discuss new versioning scheme / pkg-config compatibility

 16:04 <juliank> - (also look forward to a ~5% performance improvement on cache open on 2011+ x86 [sse4.2 crc32c cache hashing] I achieved for christmas :D)

 16:04 <juliank> * stuff forwarded to Debian:

 16:04 <juliank> - debian bug 918666: wine hardcodes /run/user/$UID directory (which I fixed in gnupg2 for the time being, not sure if /run/user/$UID is supposed to exist everywhere)

 16:04 <juliank> - debian bug 918608: hddemux: testsuite: Avoid failure when https_proxy is set

 16:04 <ubottu> Debian bug 918666 in src:wine "wine hardcodes /run/user/$UID directory" [Normal,Open] http://bugs.debian.org/918666

 16:04 <ubottu> Debian bug 918608 in hddemux "hddemux: testsuite: Avoid failure when https_proxy is set" [Normal,Open] http://bugs.debian.org/918608

 16:04 <juliank> - reason for debian bug 918722 - caused recent upstream debootstrap to fail to bootstrap ubuntu (that upload was then reverted)

 16:04 <ubottu> Debian bug 918722 in debootstrap "debootstrap: says InRelease file expired" [Serious,Fixed] http://bugs.debian.org/918722

 16:04 <juliank> (done)

 16:05 <vorlon> cyphermox:

 16:05 <cyphermox> [HIGHLIGHT] netplan.io is now in Debian; synced to Disco for now.

 16:05 <cyphermox> paperwork:

 16:05 <cyphermox> - shim-review: CPSD, todo today: ROSA, CentOS, SUSE, OS ALT.  send help^H^H^H^H^H^H

 16:05 <cyphermox> - small fixes to DKMS doc

 16:05 <cyphermox> - merging Debian netplan changes into upstream git tree

 16:05 <doko> juliank: how are these implemented, ifunc?

 16:05 <cyphermox> disco:

 16:05 <cyphermox> - grub2: added breadcrumbs for grub-mkconfig (parsing which files when generating conf)

 16:05 <cyphermox> - grub2: fixing up grub-check-signatures to compare against known keys in firmware

 16:05 <juliank> doko: function multiversioning

 16:05 <cyphermox> bionic, cosmic:

 16:05 <cyphermox> - attempting to fix syslinux -- patch for gnu-efi 3.0.8 apparently needs update

 16:05 <cyphermox> but new patch FTBFS... annoying and hard to validate this SRU

 16:05 <cyphermox> xenial:

 16:05 <cyphermox> - verified shim-signed update to finish upgrade to shim 15

 16:05 <cyphermox> - dkms + shim-signed to finish Secure Boot signing changes

 16:06 <cyphermox> trusty:

 16:06 <cyphermox> - updated grub2 patchset for UEFI Secure Boot

 16:06 <cyphermox> - apply patches for chainloading issues

 16:06 <cyphermox> - dkms + shim-signed to finish Secure Boot signing changes

 16:06 <cyphermox> (✓ done)

 16:06 <juliank> doko: one is defined with __attribute__((target("sse4.2")), one with __attribute__((target("default"))

 16:06 <juliank> see https://salsa.debian.org/apt-team/apt/commit/37ae749b20485b6c8237d5b5a08cfdd58a2364e1

 16:06 <juliank> and https://salsa.debian.org/apt-team/apt/commit/fb1c5167f1a69fc47ca8e741b86fab1ae7c08309 with a fix

 16:07 <vorlon> waveform: hi, did anyone warn you about this?  any status you want to share?

 16:08 <sil2100> I think I forgot to mention to waveform to prepare notes beforehand!

 16:08 <tdaitx> besides drinking from the firehose

 16:08 <vorlon> :)

 16:08 <waveform> ahhh, that would've been ... erm ... useful :)

 16:08 <vorlon> no worries

 16:08 <vorlon> doko:

 16:08 <doko> - finished the disco / disco-gcc9 test rebuilds

 16:08 <doko> - start submitting compiler issues for GCC 9

 16:08 <doko> - GCC 8 & 9 updates

 16:08 <doko> - jpeg-turbo update to fix ftbfs

 16:08 <doko> (done)

 16:08 <waveform> anyway, irqbalance issue found in aarch64 rpi3 image, grabbed fix from upstream

 16:08 <sil2100> waveform: sorry! Well, I was writing those by hand in real time in the past as well when I first joined the team

 16:08 <cyphermox> \m/

 16:09 <vorlon> tdaitx:

 16:09 <cyphermox> that means I should go update my rpi3 now I guess

 16:09 <tdaitx> A happy new year to you all! And warm welcome to waveform =)

 16:09 <tdaitx> * openjdk security update

 16:09 <tdaitx> - openjdk 8 and 11 from oracle, openjdk 7 from icedtea update

 16:09 <tdaitx> - patch was made available during the holidays

 16:09 <tdaitx> * openjdk-lts autopkgtest disk space issues

 16:09 <tdaitx> - cosmic have autopkgtest enabled but it is not cleaning up tests

 16:09 <tdaitx> - checking a fix for disco (which also enabled autopkgtests)

 16:09 <sil2100> cyphermox: not yet! ;p

 16:09 <tdaitx> Other:

 16:09 <tdaitx> - classes by EOD today and again in two weeks (22-24th January)

 16:09 <waveform> and built u-boot 2018.07-rc3 (working on 3b and 3b+)

 16:09 <tdaitx> - apartment under renovation pushing me to work on odd hours sometimes, also need to run some errands every now and then, will notify on irc when something big is ahead

 16:09 <tdaitx> (done)

 16:09 <cyphermox> sil2100: ;.;

 16:09 <sil2100> cyphermox: ...soon

 16:10 <waveform> anyway, that's it from me - working on building images otherwise

 16:10 <bdmurray> vorlon:

 16:10 <vorlon> * happy new year!

 16:10 <vorlon> * deep dive on fstrim support in scalingstack to debug a complaint from IS about autopkgtest instance disk usage

 16:11 <vorlon> * ubuntu-drivers,cloud-init design review

 16:11 <vorlon> * a little bit of transition wrangling

 16:11 <vorlon> * first Debian MU of pam in a while

 16:11 <vorlon> * prep for Cape Town Sprint

 16:11 <vorlon> * upcoming:

 16:11 <vorlon> * out tomorrow for travel to cape town; back Jan 28

 16:11 <vorlon> (done)

 16:11 <bdmurray> sil2100:

 16:11 <sil2100> - Some kernel SRU reviews and releases

 16:11 <sil2100> - SRU reviews and releases

 16:11 <sil2100> - Giving Dave some work to do!

 16:11 <sil2100> - core18 PR reviews for additional testing and making travis CI happy

 16:11 <sil2100> - Verification of the ubuntu-image 1.6 SRU, bumping hints

 16:11 <sil2100> - raspi3 'upstreaming':

 16:11 <sil2100> * Pushed flash-kernel changes to disco

 16:11 <cyphermox> vorlon: oh, so I get to chair the meeting next week?

 16:11 <sil2100> * Filled in SRU bugs for flash-kernel and uploaded SRUs to cosmic and bionic

 16:11 <sil2100> * Fetched ubuntu-core's raspi3-firmware version and SRUed it to bionic

 16:11 <sil2100> * Checked Dave's u-boot packages based on the ubuntu-core's version

 16:11 <sil2100> * Enabled disco raspi3 builds on cdimage, added missing livecd-rootfs changes

 16:11 <sil2100> * Started working on enabling multiverse during raspi3 gadget tree builds

 16:12 <sil2100> - Looked into the Bileto outage after code update (settings got wiped)

 16:12 <sil2100> * Bileto still not completely 'fixed', some issues with redirects still

 16:12 <sil2100> - Reviewed Brian's quick-fix for sru-report

 16:12 <sil2100> - Discussion regarding core18 beta->candidate test feedback fetching

 16:12 <sil2100> (done)

 16:12 <bdmurray> Why are we fixing bileto?

 16:12 <cyphermox> huh, speaking of rpi3, is this still only for the rpi3 b+ or something? some newer rev of the hardware?

 16:12 <bdmurray> This includes some stuff I did before the break

 16:12 <sil2100> bdmurray: because people are using it

 16:12 <vorlon> cyphermox: if you wish, and the week after too :)

 16:13 <cyphermox> vorlon: zug zug

 16:13 <bdmurray> sil2100: I thought we wanted to get rid of it

 16:13 <bdmurray> tested and converted three daisy scripts from pycassa to python-cassandra

 16:13 <bdmurray> submitted MP regarding mojo spec update for daisy code revno

 16:13 <bdmurray> submitted RT regarding update of daisy code in production and testing cronjobs

 16:13 <bdmurray> worked with webops regarding issues with daisy code update

 16:13 <bdmurray> uploaded B,C fixes for software-properties-gtk crash LP: #1807373

 16:13 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1807373 in software-properties (Ubuntu Cosmic) "/usr/bin/software-properties-gtk:AttributeError:on_driver_selection_changed" [High,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1807373

 16:13 <bdmurray> SRU verifications of LP: #1807373, LP: #1807043, LP: #1773637

 16:13 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1807043 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu Bionic) "when rewriting sources.list ubuntu-release-upgrader doesn't check to see if new release is available" [Medium,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1807043

 16:13 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1773637 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu Cosmic) "Distribution upgrade to 18.04: used nvidia display driver is commented out" [Undecided,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1773637

 16:13 <bdmurray> investigated and uploaded fix for nvidia driver upgrade issue LP: #1773637

 16:13 <bdmurray> reported ubuntu-drivers-common bug LP: #1808874

 16:13 <bdmurray> worked on, uploaded fixes for issues with apport autopkgtests in disco

 16:13 <bdmurray> worked on migration for part of oopses.py from oopsrepository to python-cassandra

 16:13 <bdmurray> modified daisy to use renamed oopsrepository module

 16:13 <bdmurray> submitted RT re update of daisy and oopsrepository in production

 16:13 <bdmurray> fixed another apport test issue due to usrmerge

 16:13 <bdmurray> ✔ done

 16:14 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1808874 in ubuntu-drivers-common (Ubuntu) "nvidia-detector doesn't seem to detect nvidia" [Low,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1808874

 16:14 <sil2100> bdmurray: there's no decision regarding that yet

 16:14 <waveform> cyphermox, for the 3b and 3b+ (and allegedly 2b but I haven't tested that)

 16:15 <waveform> but none of the single-core models

 16:15 <sil2100> bdmurray: we're doing bare maintenance for now, so only fixing stuff when it breaks, but even then with not super high priority

 16:15 <cyphermox> waveform: thanks; I'll have to check again which rev I have... if it's not the right one I'll repurpose for legacy gaming anyway

 16:15 <cyphermox> waveform: I'll go add you to my meeting script now, too, I guess

 16:15 <doko> tdaitx: is the 11 update already released? can't find a tag

 16:15 <gaughen> sil2100, bdmurray we weren't doing any new work on bileto, but were keeping the lights on.

 16:15 <tdaitx> doko: no, not yet released, comes from partner

 16:15 <gaughen> but we had discussed that if at some point keeping the lights on got really hard, we would need to look at ending it

 16:15 <bdmurray> gaughen: so the lights went off and we turned them back on?

 16:16 <gaughen> bdmurray, we jiggled the switch

 16:16 <vorlon> other questions over status?

 16:17 <gaughen> cyphermox, did you push netplan.io to debian?

 16:17 <bdmurray> no questions here

 16:17 <cyphermox> negative, andrewsh did; he did put me up as uploader though

 16:18 <gaughen> excellent

 16:18 <cyphermox> I had caught up with him at Plumbers

 16:18 <gaughen> vorlon, that's all for me.

 16:18 <cyphermox> this is good.

 16:18 <gaughen> it is good.

 16:18 <vorlon> [TOPIC] Bugs

 16:18 <vorlon> bdmurray: I wonder if we should talk valgrind

 16:18 <gaughen> there are none.

 16:18 <bdmurray> vorlon: I was thinking we sould

 16:18 <bdmurray> should

 16:18 <cyphermox> Zarro boogs found.

 16:19 <vorlon> LP: #1808508

 16:19 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1808508 in valgrind (Ubuntu) "Valgrind doesn't work in disco [Fatal error at startup: a function redirection which is mandatory for this platform-tool combination cannot be set up.]" [Critical,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1808508

 16:20 <bdmurray> So that's keeping apport stuck in -proposed

 16:20 <vorlon> and it's fundamentally not an apport or valgrind bug, it's a bug in the filesystem as a result of usrmerge

 16:21 <vorlon> so I could probably see my way to a skiptest hint around apport currently, to unblock development

 16:21 <vorlon> but this is important to fix for release

 16:22 <bdmurray> vorlon: you also mentioned this would affect gdb too

 16:22 <vorlon> yes

 16:23 <doko> I hate the gdb debug symbols lookup code ...

 16:26 <vorlon> so one question is, if gdb and valgrind are the only things that need it, should we just extend their debug symbol lookup paths

 16:27 <vorlon> libunwind was suggested, but:

 16:27 <vorlon> $ strings /usr/lib/x86_64-linux-gnu/libunwind.so.8|grep usr/lib/debug

 16:27 <vorlon> $

 16:27 <vorlon> so no hits there

 16:27 <vorlon> ah, and gdb actually uses /usr/lib/debug/.build-id

 16:27 <vorlon> so maybe only valgrind needs changing

 16:28 <juliank> vorlon: src/dwarf/Gfind_proc_info-lsb.c:      static const char *debugdir = "/usr/lib/debug";

 16:29 <juliank> but maybe it's disabled

 16:29 <doko> build id is used by debhelper v9 and above

 16:29 <vorlon> so we might as well fix valgrind and then we can have a philosophical discussion later about whether /usr/lib/debug should be usrmerged

 16:29 <juliank> I think I saw google-perftools broken once

 16:29 <vorlon> juliank: libc6-dbg  has .build-id

 16:29 <juliank> that was on my usrmerged debian system, though

 16:29 <vorlon> so I think the common case is handled

 16:29 <vorlon> alright, I think the quick path is to just fix valgrind

 16:30 <vorlon> any volunteers?

 16:30 <cyphermox> one other option might be to have the debug package generate the symlinks as needed?

 16:30 <vorlon> cyphermox: please no :)

 16:30 <cyphermox> oh, wait, no

 16:30 <cyphermox> yeah, no

 16:30 <cyphermox> ;)

 16:30 <cyphermox> I'm happy to fix valgrind

 16:31 <vorlon> cyphermox: assigning, thanks

 16:31 <cyphermox> card?

 16:31 <bdmurray> I can make a card for you buddy

 16:32 <vorlon> :)

 16:32 <bdmurray> tdaitx: Should there be a card for bug 1808383

 16:32 <ubottu> bug 1808383 in ant (Ubuntu Disco) "Java 9+ multi-release jars are not supported in ant tasks" [Undecided,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1808383

 16:34 <tdaitx> bdmurray: sure, I will create one for it

 16:34 <bdmurray> tdaitx: cool

 16:34 <bdmurray> that's it from me regarding bugs then

 16:35 <vorlon> [TOPIC] 18.04.2

 16:35 <vorlon> specifically bugs for 18.04.2, so maybe a subtopic :)

 16:35 <vorlon> do we have anything that we think should be fixed in point release but is not yet targeted?

 16:36 <vorlon> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/bionic/ actually shows no bugs targeted to 18.04.2 at all

 16:38 <vorlon> there are some subiquity cards targeted, which is understood

 16:38 <bdmurray> maybe I should get this u-r-u SRU done before the point release

 16:39 <juliank> My goal is to get bug 1787460 fixed

 16:39 <ubottu> bug 1787460 in linux-meta-hwe (Ubuntu) "Unattended upgrades removed linux-image-generic" [Critical,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1787460

 16:39 <juliank> the apt part of it

 16:40 <juliank> feature bug 1811120 is also interesting, but could also wait

 16:40 <vorlon> juliank: is that in a card?

 16:40 <ubottu> bug 1811120 in apt (Ubuntu Cosmic) "Backport auth.conf.d" [Low,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1811120

 16:40 <juliank> vorlon: it is

 16:40 <vorlon> juliank: can you put the 18.04.2 tag on the card?

 16:40 <juliank> vorlon: done

 16:40 <vorlon> the card for LP: #1793671 is targeted to 18.04.2 but is marked blocked

 16:40 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1793671 in ubiquity (Ubuntu Bionic) "Proprietary drivers are installed locally and not on the target system" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1793671

 16:41 <sil2100> I think we need https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/livecd-rootfs/+bug/1805668 on the milestone

 16:41 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1805668 in u-boot (Ubuntu Cosmic) "Building armhf and arm64 Raspberry Pi 3 images" [Undecided,Confirmed]

 16:41 <waveform> gets my vote :)

 16:41 <juliank> I'm untargeting "Make images not mark all task packages as manually installed" for 18.04.2

 16:41 <vorlon> sil2100: agreed, milestone set

 16:42 <juliank> because #ubuntu-devel just had some potentially related regressions

 16:43 <vorlon> juliank: doh, ok

 16:43 <juliank> (bug bug 1801629 fwiw)

 16:43 <ubottu> bug 1801629 in xubuntu-meta (Ubuntu) "xubuntu-core needs to depend on cryptsetup and lvm2 or 'apt autoremove' will make a LUKS+LVM encrypted root partition non-bootable" [Undecided,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1801629

 16:43 <juliank> Should import as a card

 16:44 <vorlon> was https://bugs.launchpad.net/cryptsetup/+bug/1767527 mentioned already?

 16:44 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1767527 in cryptsetup (Ubuntu) "[18.04] Installation boot failure. WARNING: invalid line in /etc/crypttab" [Critical,In progress]

 16:44 <vorlon> we have an 18.04.2-targeted card for that

 16:44 <sil2100> vorlon: thanks!

 16:45 <vorlon> cyphermox: ^^ that cryptsetup bug has a card in progress that lies somewhere between you and xnox

 16:46 <vorlon> is it in progress from your POV?

 16:47 <vorlon> my question on the bug in October was never answered; marking it incomplete for now

 16:47 <vorlon> ok so anything else for 18.04.2?

 16:48 <vorlon> targeted bug list is now: https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/bionic/?field.milestone%3Alist=86800

 16:48 <vorlon> going once...

 16:49 <vorlon> twice...

 16:49 <vorlon> [TOPIC] AOB

 16:49 <doko> wait, before AOB ...

 16:49 <doko> devel-proposed: https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs

 16:49 <bdmurray> I'll be out tomorrow / swapping for some other holiday

 16:50 <vorlon> right

 16:50 <vorlon> apport already discussed

 16:50 <doko> the only one we addressed is the valgrind one

 16:50 <vorlon> anyone want to sort out autopkgtest/autodep8 regressing itself?

 16:52 <doko> the other high profile one is ros-ros-comm

 16:52 <doko> and systemd of course

 16:52 <vorlon> doko: feel free to follow up out-of-band, but are the linux/binutils autopkgtest regressions ignorable?

 16:53 <vorlon> ros-ros-comm looks like something that just needs a badtest hint rather than a regression we've caused

 16:53 <vorlon> paramiko is also blocked by sahara test failures which might be more real

 16:54 <doko> and foundations needs to file some MIRs: http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg

 16:54 <vorlon> I don't think we should try to go through all of the rest right now, we clearly have a backlog due to the break

 16:55 <doko> that's fine, but then we should reserve some time next week

 16:55 <vorlon> doko: uchardet?

 16:56 <doko> yes, kronosnet, intel-ipset-*

 16:56 <doko> mailutils?

 16:56 <doko> maybe just a suggests

 16:56 <vorlon> how are those foundations? the mouseover says server

 16:56 <vorlon> emacs is desktop

 16:56 <vorlon> ;P

 16:56 <juliank> doko: I'm doing some autopkgtest stuff I could probably have a look at that

 16:56 <doko> ohh, even better =)

 16:57 <vorlon> anyway, someone want to volunteer please to open the MIR for uchardet?

 16:57 <doko> ok, then I'll write uchardet myself

 16:57 <vorlon> ok

 16:57 <vorlon> and then we'll close the meeting

 16:57 <vorlon> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)