== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team, 24 Jan at 16:03 &mdash; 17:20 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2019/ubuntu-meeting.2019-01-24-16.03.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning rounds ===
The discussion about "Lightning rounds" started at 16:04.


=== Release incoming bugs ===
The discussion about "Release incoming bugs" started at 16:13.

  * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-dd-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs 
  * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/gdm3/+bug/1767918 
  * ''LINK:'' https://gitlab.gnome.org/GNOME/gdm/issues/408#note_360857 

=== Team proposed-migration report ===
The discussion about "Team proposed-migration report" started at 16:33.

  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs 

=== AOB ===
The discussion about "AOB" started at 16:56.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * cyphermox (91)
 * doko (74)
 * sil2100 (39)
 * xnox (36)
 * bdmurray (35)
 * rbalint (18)
 * waveform (14)
 * tdaitx (14)
 * gaughen (13)
 * ubottu (12)
 * juliank (7)
 * meetingology (3)
 * cpaelzer (1)



== Full Log ==


 16:03 <cyphermox> #startmeeting Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team

 16:03 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Jan 24 16:03:45 2019 UTC.  The chair is cyphermox. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:03 <meetingology> 

 16:03 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 16:04 <cyphermox> #topic Lightning rounds

 16:04 <cyphermox> echo $(shuf -e vorlon bdmurray xnox tdaitx doko sil2100 rbalint infinity cyphermox mwhudson juliank waveform)

 16:04 <cyphermox> xnox infinity waveform sil2100 vorlon cyphermox tdaitx rbalint doko bdmurray mwhudson juliank

 16:04 <cyphermox> winner is xnox this week.

 16:04 <xnox> oh really

 16:04 <xnox> not fair =)

 16:05 <cyphermox> not rigged =)

 16:05 <tdaitx> he is setting up his new router

 16:05 <xnox> * systemd fun -> untangled migrations of related things, now down to just systemd/ppc64el

 16:05 <cyphermox> xnox: need more time then?

 16:05 <rbalint> o/

 16:05 <xnox> * s390-tools srus

 16:05 <xnox> * upstream upgrades of mdadm/systemd-upstreaming.

 16:05 <xnox> * router hunter

 16:05 <xnox> (done)

 16:05 <doko> xnox: really? still seeing arm64

 16:06 <cyphermox> I suspect infinity isn't around?

 16:06 <waveform> okay, I'll go next then

 16:06 <waveform> * RPi.GPIO updated to work on aarch64 but may need SRU?

 16:06 <cyphermox> yup

 16:06 <xnox> doko, i'm looking to get systemd migrate.... i need it to migrate such that triggered by things get better.... http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses.html#systemd

 16:06 <waveform> * gpiozero updated to work on aarch64. Will either need SRU or backport

 16:06 <waveform> * wiringpi packaging (source v1!) needs updating

 16:06 <waveform> * testing pigpio under aarch64; not working yet

 16:06 <waveform> * tested current released on CM3; works but needs missing device-tree

 16:06 <waveform> * tested current release on 3B, 3B+, 3A+ - working fine

 16:06 <waveform> * still looking at kernel compression

 16:07 <waveform> (done)

 16:07 <cyphermox> nice

 16:07 <sil2100> o/

 16:07 <doko> waveform: you missed the archive training ;p

 16:07 <bdmurray> xnox: Have you seen bug 1811071? also valgrind

 16:07 <ubottu> bug 1811071 in The Ubuntu-power-systems project "Ubuntu19.04: valgrind does not properly handle the addex instruction (power9)" [Medium,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1811071

 16:07 <sil2100> - Many kernel SRU reviews (new cycle)

 16:07 <sil2100> - SRU reviews and releases

 16:07 <sil2100> - DMB meeting

 16:07 <sil2100> - Fixing core18 snap builds caused by a locale-dependent test failing on builders

 16:07 <sil2100> - raspi3 'upstreaming':

 16:07 <sil2100> * Pushing flash-kernel, raspi3-firmware and Dave's u-boot + irqbalancer to bionic

 16:07 <sil2100> * Finished work-around hack for enabling multiverse in gadget tree builds on builders

 16:07 <sil2100> * Got working cdimage raspi3 builds for disco

 16:07 <sil2100> * Did a manual cpc livefs -proposed enabled raspi3 build - success!

 16:07 <sil2100> * Confirmed reported possible issues with using raspi3-firmware on pi3

 16:07 <xnox> bdmurray, yes, valgrind with s390x fixes migrated. should upload that bit too.

 16:07 <sil2100> * Prepared an updated linux-firmware-raspi2 + livecd-rootfs in PPA for testing

 16:07 <sil2100> * Changed classic pi3-gadget to use different config.txt for armhf and arm64

 16:07 <sil2100> - Sent credentials for core-snap rebuilds to CPC

 16:07 <sil2100> - Fixed a typo in core-snap rebuilder jenkins script

 16:07 <sil2100> - Started looking into trello API and the available Python bindings

 16:07 <sil2100> - Sponsored irqbalancer and json-schema-validator for Dave

 16:07 <sil2100> - Performed NEW reviews of ec2-hibinit-agent and zhmcclient

 16:07 <sil2100> - Performed a few package removals

 16:08 <sil2100> (done)

 16:08 <cyphermox> no vorlon today

 16:08 <cyphermox> cyphermox:

 16:08 <cyphermox> - so. much. snow. shoveling.

 16:08 <cyphermox> - MIR reviews: libimagequant, gnome-remote-desktop, pipewire

 16:08 <cyphermox> - grub2: SRUs for signature checking, update-grub breadcumbs, LVM menu

 16:08 <cyphermox> - dkms/shim-signed: preparing SRUs for self-signing process

 16:08 <cyphermox> - update packagesets for DMB

 16:08 <xnox> ooh ooh, had an awesome meeting with IBM presenting z14 mainframe storage groups, over webex.... because they can't give us access.

 16:08 <cyphermox> - discussion with Microsoft on processes for shim reviews

 16:08 <cyphermox> - helping slashd with a new package (sosreport cleaner)

 16:08 <cyphermox> - reviewing http module to enable for grub EFI images

 16:08 <cyphermox> (done)

 16:09 <cyphermox> tdaitx:

 16:09 <tdaitx> * openjdk-7 security update is on hold

 16:09 <tdaitx> - hotspot patch backport is kind of a beast

 16:09 <tdaitx> - upstream should be releasing the security updates soon anyway

 16:09 <tdaitx> * reviewing failed packages in the bionic rebuild

 16:09 <tdaitx> - focusing on packages in main or packages that are (b-)deps of other main packages

 16:09 <tdaitx> Other:

 16:09 <tdaitx> - travelling Saturday to Europe

 16:09 <tdaitx> - working half-days next week in UTC+1 timezone, will try to match work time to join the squad/team meetings

 16:09 <tdaitx> - at FOSDEM in Brussels next weekend and the openjdk unconference on Monday (that translates to 3-5 February)

 16:09 <tdaitx> (done)

 16:09 <rbalint> * partner work

 16:09 <tdaitx> rbalint: go!

 16:09 <rbalint> * fixed meld's dependencies

 16:09 <rbalint> * backported wireshark 2.6.6 for *-security

 16:09 <rbalint> * fixed a bunch of unattended-upgrades regressions affecting Disco in git

 16:09 <rbalint> https://github.com/mvo5/unattended-upgrades/pull/166

 16:09 <rbalint> * triaging the kubernetes vs. systemd-resolved issue

 16:09 <rbalint> (done)

 16:10 <doko> - GCC 9 packages are getting ready for upload to disco

 16:10 <doko> - GCC 8 updates, pending upload

 16:10 <doko> - openjdk-11 and openjdk-12 updates

 16:10 <doko> - finally started bionic test rebuilds (archive & planned OpenSSL/OpenJDK/Python/GCC updates)

 16:10 <doko> - MIR writing / reviews

 16:10 <doko> - transition fun the whole week ...

 16:10 <doko> - pestering people about addressing ftbfs and autopkg test failures, within the team and cross team. Not much success for both

 16:10 <doko> - getting mobbed by desktop team members about my automake workaround

 16:10 <doko> and how long does http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses.html take to display for you?

 16:10 <doko> (done)

 16:11 <bdmurray> ooh, its me

 16:11 <bdmurray> fixed Error Tracker mojo specification so it passes CI

 16:11 <bdmurray> submitted RT re live-ues-foundations Jenkins jobs

 16:11 <bdmurray> tested multiple systemd-resolved potential fixes for comcast mail servers

 16:11 <bdmurray> SRU verification of debootstrap for T, X, released B

 16:11 <bdmurray> rebuilt oops-repository so the Depends on python-cassandra takes

 16:11 <bdmurray> tested livepatch not available notification for release upgrades

 16:11 <bdmurray> merged livepatch not available notification to Disco, uploaded SRU for C

 16:11 <bdmurray> verified livepatch notification bug LP: #1799310 for Cosmic

 16:11 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1799310 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu Cosmic) "No warning when upgrading OS will turn off Livepatch" [Medium,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1799310

 16:11 <bdmurray> uploaded ubuntu-release-upgrader, update-manager SRUs for 18.04, 18.10

 16:11 <bdmurray> verified all (so many!) their bugs too

 16:11 <bdmurray> uploaded intitramfs-tools SRU for 18.04 (LP: #1768230, #1561643)

 16:11 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1561643 in initramfs-tools (Ubuntu Bionic) "initramfs-tools ignores the FRAMEBUFFER option" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1561643

 16:11 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1768230 in initramfs-tools (Ubuntu Bionic) "Long time booting : Failed to connect to lvmetad. Falling back to device scanning." [Undecided,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1768230

 16:11 <bdmurray> âœ”  done

 16:11 <bdmurray> juliank:

 16:11 <juliank> * gnutls28 SRU ploaded

 16:11 <juliank> * apt CVE fix

 16:11 <juliank> * apt 1.8.0~beta1 releasing (lots of small branches merged!)

 16:11 <juliank> * apt hardening work (getting a bit stuck)

 16:12 <juliank> done

 16:12 <tdaitx> doko: update_excuses takes about 7~10 seconds

 16:12 <doko> I need a new laptop

 16:13 <xnox> bdmurray, the framebuffer option stuff looks interesting.

 16:13 <xnox> bdmurray, it's "fixed" in disco too?

 16:13 <cyphermox> doko: why?

 16:13 <cyphermox> #topic Release incoming bugs

 16:13 <tdaitx> doko: it is displayed as soon as it starts loading and I can scroll down, still 7~10 seconds to load everything

 16:13 <juliank> doko: 7.67seconds I measured on my t480s

 16:13 <cyphermox> oh, time to load excuses, ok

 16:13 <cyphermox> took not long at all here.

 16:14 <cyphermox> so; let's talk about the 18.04.2 bugs?

 16:14 * juliank measured using "Page load time" chrome extension

 16:14 <bdmurray> bug 1812258

 16:14 <ubottu> bug 1812258 in debian-installer (Ubuntu) "Bionic amd64 netboot image has incorrect permissions on kernel" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1812258

 16:14 <bdmurray> I forget where those go again.

 16:15 <bdmurray> Oh, maybe I should have reloaded.

 16:16 <bdmurray> cyphermox: What about bug 1772374 for the point release?

 16:16 <ubottu> bug 1772374 in OEM Priority Project "ubiquity need mount point /sys/firmware/efi/efivars" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1772374

 16:16 <cyphermox> bdmurray: yes

 16:17 <cyphermox> thanks for reminding me, I'll get on it right after the meeting

 16:17 <bdmurray> cyphermox: So no card needed?

 16:17 <cyphermox> no

 16:17 <bdmurray> cyphermox: I think xnox merged a ubiquity fix for bionic from slangasek too

 16:17 <cyphermox> yeah, I'll go have a look at ubiquity in general

 16:19 <xnox> bdmurray, i have merged an duploaded again

 16:19 <cyphermox> fwiw it's as simple as merging https://code.launchpad.net/~swem/ubiquity/+git/ubiquity/+merge/346666

 16:19 <xnox> it should be in unapproved.

 16:19 <xnox> there is more?

 16:19 <xnox> looking

 16:19 <cyphermox> xnox: oh, I can do it, no biggie

 16:19 <xnox> seems legit.

 16:19 <bdmurray> xnox: there is no ubiquity in the bionic queue

 16:19 <xnox> hmmmm

 16:20 <bdmurray> xnox: What about bug 1776626?

 16:20 <ubottu> bug 1776626 in Ubuntu on IBM z Systems "[18.10 FEAT] Support 4k sectors for fast clear key dm-crypt - crypttab part" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1776626

 16:20 <xnox> bdmurray, do not care.

 16:20 <xnox> bdmurray, we never actually committed to backport all of that into bionic.

 16:22 <bdmurray> xnox: What about bug 1760106?

 16:22 <ubottu> bug 1760106 in klibc (Ubuntu Cosmic) "FFe: Enable configuring resume offset via sysfs" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1760106

 16:23 <xnox> bdmurray, it's in disco, remaining tasks are unimportant.

 16:23 <xnox> bdmurray, i kind of want to drop them to be fair.

 16:24 <bdmurray> Okay, that was it for me.

 16:25 <cyphermox> ok

 16:25 <cyphermox> moving on to DD bugs?

 16:25 <cyphermox> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-dd-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 16:25 <rbalint> i think we could have LP: #1803993 on the radar for bionic, too

 16:25 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1803993 in plymouth (Ubuntu) "Password appears on the VT1 screen" [Undecided,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1803993

 16:26 <cyphermox> rbalint: AFAIK that was fixed already

 16:26 <cyphermox> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/gdm3/+bug/1767918

 16:26 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1767918 in plymouth (Ubuntu Bionic) "Login password from GDM is shown in plain text on the VT1 console" [High,Fix released]

 16:26 <xnox> *sigh*

 16:27 <xnox> but but plymouth is supposed to be on vt1

 16:27 <rbalint> cyphermox, seems like the fix ws not complete

 16:27 <xnox> so should gdm

 16:27 <xnox> why is there like handoff.vt=7 stuck somewhere?

 16:27 <xnox> why, is there like handoff.vt=7 stuck somewhere?

 16:27 <cyphermox> rbalint: doesn't tell much actually

 16:27 <rbalint> https://gitlab.gnome.org/GNOME/gdm/issues/408#note_360857

 16:29 <rbalint> cyphermox, it may turn out that the fix was complete, but the newer report seems to be valid

 16:29 <cyphermox> rbalint: wanna look into it then?

 16:30 <rbalint> cyphermox, yes, it sounds important if it is not fixed yet

 16:30 <bdmurray> xnox agreed to test it

 16:31 <cyphermox> rbalint: I think what we were trying to say is that it likely is already fixed, and this could be caused by some extra bit laying around

 16:31 <cyphermox> config and stuff

 16:31 <cyphermox> like vt.handoff not doing what it should.

 16:31 <bdmurray> there isn't much new in the dd list

 16:31 <bdmurray> although bug 1812688 is new

 16:31 <ubottu> bug 1812688 in automake-1.16 (Ubuntu) "self-check-report.sh fails on armhf/disco since new year" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1812688

 16:31 <cyphermox> so sounds like xnox will test, and then we can look again

 16:32 <cyphermox> ok, misunderstanding

 16:32 <doko> bdmurray: I XFAIL'd it

 16:32 <cyphermox> rbalint: you want to have a look at plymouth, see if our patch is solid, get more info from the reporter?

 16:33 <cyphermox> doko: thanks

 16:33 <cyphermox> ok next topic

 16:33 <cyphermox> #topic Team proposed-migration report

 16:33 <rbalint> cyphermox, i'd try to reproduce then see if the suggestion on gnome's tracker fixes it

 16:33 <cyphermox> ok

 16:34 <cyphermox> #link http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs

 16:34 <doko> to shorten that ...

 16:34 <doko> we need systemd migrating, and hints updating

 16:34 <doko> sil2100: ^^^

 16:35 <doko> and blocking issues are: gsequencer coyote idlastro mothur ngraph-gtk redmine gap-io mir

 16:35 <doko> besides to the latter everything else is unowned

 16:35 <doko> maybe server cares about redmine

 16:35 <xnox> so https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/debian-installer/+bug/1812258 commented and marked incompleted

 16:35 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1812258 in debian-installer (Ubuntu) "Bionic amd64 netboot image has incorrect permissions on kernel" [Undecided,Incomplete]

 16:36 <doko> escalated the kernel not migrating to gaughen and the kernel team

 16:37 <doko> cyphermox: do you have gaughen powers for this meeting? then please assign people to one of those issues above ;-P

 16:38 <cyphermox> I don't have super powers, no

 16:39 <cyphermox> I'm just throwing people under the buses

 16:39 <cyphermox> systemd sounds like xnox work, and he probably already is on top of it?

 16:39 <xnox> i have local two patches to hopefully unfuck ppc64el

 16:41 <bdmurray> So who will test e2fsprogs for Bionic?

 16:41 <doko> so who volunteers for looking at gsequencer coyote idlastro mothur ngraph-gtk redmine gap-io mir

 16:41 <doko> ?

 16:42 <cyphermox> I said I'd try to do the patch, I can try to test e2fsprogs on bionic

 16:42 <cyphermox> I haven't yet blown away my MAAS setup

 16:42 <bdmurray> cyphermox: okay, great

 16:43 <sil2100> I can look at mir

 16:44 <doko> sil2100: ta, that is entangled with capnproto

 16:44 <rbalint> pygments will migrate after new python

 16:45 <cyphermox> doko: coyote, mothur; maybe

 16:46 <doko> ok, that leaves gsequencer idlastro ngraph-gtk redmine gap-io

 16:46 <doko> in Rome they close doors until things are done ...

 16:46 <cyphermox> idlastro looks to go with coyote for gnudatalanguage tbh

 16:47 <rbalint> doko, i take redmine blindly

 16:47 <doko> rbalint: ta, please coordinate with server (ahasenack, cpaelzer)

 16:48 <rbalint> doko, ok

 16:48 <doko> that leaves gsequencer idlastro ngraph-gtk gap-io

 16:48 <doko> sil2100, waveform, bdmurray: ^^^

 16:49 <gaughen> doko, I don't see gsequencer on the update-excuses list

 16:49 <doko> gaughen: you see it on http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_output_notest.txt

 16:50 <gaughen> aaah, I was looking at http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html

 16:50 <doko> gaughen: and it's on excuses as well, triggered by jack-audio-connection-kit

 16:50 <gaughen> I really don't see it on the link I pasted

 16:51 <doko> gaughen: http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses.html

 16:51 <cyphermox> ok; we done with proposed-migration?

 16:51 <doko> we still have gsequencer idlastro ngraph-gtk gap-io unaddressed

 16:52 <cyphermox> I said I'm taking idlastro too

 16:52 <doko> sorry, but this sucks. the last two meetings we adjourned this discussion

 16:52 <doko> and I have one more topic

 16:52 <doko> ta

 16:52 <cyphermox> I understand

 16:52 <cyphermox> fwiw it smells like a gnudatalanguage real regression

 16:52 <doko> gsequencer ngraph-gtk gap-io

 16:53 <doko> yep, I already pinged ginggs

 16:53 <cyphermox> anybody not yet core-dev wants to play?

 16:53 <doko> waveform: ^^^your turn ;p

 16:53 <waveform> I got the hint ;) Just looking at gap-io to see if I have the slightest clue what's up!

 16:54 <bdmurray> I'll give that ngraph-gtk a look

 16:54 <cyphermox> waveform: ta. tbh, no clue what gap-io is at all ;P

 16:54 <doko> ok, then I take gsequencer

 16:55 <doko> please note, you can come up with a fix or a work around

 16:55 <doko> cyphermox: next to AOB?

 16:55 <sil2100> waveform: once I untangle mir+capnproto, I can help you out since you're probably new to all this ;)

 16:55 <cyphermox> yes.

 16:55 <waveform> sil2100, ta :)

 16:56 <gaughen> doko, so are they all taken now?

 16:56 <cyphermox> #topic AOB

 16:56 <cpaelzer> rbalint: we have not investigated redmine yet, just skimmed it and thought it depends on ruby things which are in flight - if you take it (blindly or not) we'd appreciate

 16:56 <xnox> sil2100, did mir get the MIR that they wanted for whatever new mir1.0 release?

 16:56 <sil2100> xnox: no clue, I don't follow mir development, I'll just have to look into that

 16:56 <doko> xnox, sil2100: no, I asked security to priotize today. but it's a ftbfs now as well

 16:57 <doko> ok, now there is a bionic test rebuild ... http://people.canonical.com/~doko/ftbfs-report/test-rebuild-20181220-disco.html

 16:57 <doko> a lot of regressions ...

 16:58 <sil2100> xnox: anyway, I'll be looking at that tomorrow

 16:58 <bdmurray> doko: bionic or disco test rebuild?

 16:58 <doko> bdmurray: should I file tagged bug reports so that these get attention within the different teams?

 16:58 <doko> aohh, wrong URL: http://people.canonical.com/~doko/ftbfs-report/test-rebuild-20181222-bionic.html

 16:59 <xnox> /usr/lib/bin/capnp: not found

 16:59 <xnox> sounds not fun

 16:59 <sil2100> xnox: you want to take mir?

 16:59 <xnox> sil2100, i think so.

 16:59 <sil2100> Since you started investigating it now

 16:59 <rbalint> cpaelzer, i take a look, maybe some in-flight packages are stuck

 16:59 <xnox> sil2100, i have history

 16:59 <sil2100> doko: ^

 17:00 <sil2100> waveform: so maybe I'll pick up gap-io then o/

 17:00 <waveform> yup, I'll take it

 17:00 <waveform> sorry, meant - no I can take a look

 17:01 <waveform> (til I get horribly stuck and come begging for help :)

 17:01 <gaughen> doko, security team has put yaml-cpp on top of the security review queue

 17:01 <doko> ta

 17:02 <cyphermox> and we're over time

 17:02 <cyphermox> anything else to discuss?

 17:02 <gaughen> doko, did you get your other topic discussed?

 17:02 <doko> so what about the bionic ftbfs?

 17:02 <doko> gaughen: no, not the last one

 17:02 <cyphermox> they need to be fixed...

 17:02 <doko> bdmurray, sil2100: so filing tagged reports?

 17:03 <bdmurray> doko: about the ones in main?

 17:03 <doko> yes, at least those. 26 ...

 17:03 <sil2100> doko: I'll look at libdbusmenu for sure, can look at a few others by the way

 17:03 <bdmurray> that seems reasonable to me

 17:03 <cyphermox> we don't have to assign them right now in this meeting

 17:03 <cyphermox> but yes, they should be fixed

 17:04 <doko> sil2100: it's not about a single one, but how to proceed

 17:04 <doko> so how should I tag them?

 17:05 <sil2100> I guess bdmurray might have better ideas, but I'd say a 'ftbfs' tag and affecting bionic should be enough?

 17:06 <sil2100> bdmurray: ^ what do you think?

 17:06 <doko> they should show up on the 18.04 LTS report

 17:07 <bdmurray> sil2100: +1

 17:07 <gaughen> doko, are these regressions?

 17:08 <gaughen> okay, xnox says yes these are regressions

 17:09 <xnox> doko, do you want to join the voice call? =)

 17:09 <gaughen> doko, was bionic ftbfs your last topic?

 17:09 <sil2100> doko: we could put them on the .2 milestone as well, but I'd like Adam as the driver to decide if that's the way to go

 17:09 <sil2100> So for now I'd say just the tags and nominations

 17:09 <doko> gaughen: they built before, so yes

 17:10 <doko> sil2100: can you make show up adam in a meeting?

 17:11 <doko> gaughen: yes, but I didn't get a reply yet

 17:11 <xnox> doko, hehe

 17:11 <doko> gaughen: maybe I just tag those as rls-cc-incoming

 17:11 <gaughen> cc?

 17:11 <doko> or whatover this tag is named

 17:11 <cyphermox> doko: "they need to get done, they will be done on an opportunity basis" is your reply I guess right now

 17:12 <cyphermox> and tag was rls-bb-incoming  / ftbfs / bionic   or did I get that wrong?

 17:12 <sil2100> I wonder if we use the rls-**-incoming tasks for point releases

 17:12 <sil2100> Maybe we should

 17:12 <cyphermox> IIRC we did

 17:12 <doko> so how to flag them?

 17:12 <cyphermox> to some degre anyway

 17:12 <sil2100> doko: ok, so fair point, add the rls-bb-incoming tag to it

 17:13 <cyphermox> worst case is it won't be useful, but at least they will show up on the report

 17:13 <sil2100> So ftbfs rls-bb-incoming and a nomination to bionic, for now

 17:13 <doko> ta. will file these

 17:13 <doko> ok

 17:13 <sil2100> cyphermox: true, I hope Adam looks at that one!

 17:14 <cyphermox> well; it's useful for anyone who wants to make the release , and later the point release, shinier.

 17:14 <sil2100> Anyway, I will from now on for sure

 17:14 <doko> what I never understand is if I should close the bug task for the development series ...

 17:14 <cyphermox> doko: if it builds for the dev release, yeah,  no?

 17:14 <doko> well yes, I can check that too

 17:14 <cyphermox> since fix does not apply to dev release

 17:14 <cyphermox> anyway, just a guess

 17:16 <cyphermox> ok; closing meeting then?

 17:17 <doko> gaughen, cyphermox: we should have a format where things don't fall off

 17:17 <doko> like rotating the different topics

 17:17 <cyphermox> doko: sorry, what?

 17:17 <cyphermox> the format to not drop bugs is the incoming/tracking reports, no?

 17:17 <gaughen> doko, you mean topics in our irc mtg here?

 17:17 <cyphermox> for meetings I use http://people.ubuntu.com/~cyphermox/meetings/foundations.html ; open to additions / changes

 17:17 <doko> the ftbfs issues were delayed and adjourned for hte last two meetings. that should not happen

 17:18 <doko> just rotate these topics except for the status reports and aob

 17:18 <cyphermox> doko: last meeting was special, no managers around. I'm not making decisions for the team without talking to our leaders.

 17:18 <cyphermox> before last, I don't recall

 17:19 * doko ducks. which manager was present this meeting?

 17:19 <cyphermox> gaughen was.

 17:19 <gaughen> I was here this week!

 17:19 <gaughen> and I still am

 17:19 <cyphermox> doko: or is that why you ducked ;D

 17:20 <doko> anyway, I'd like to stay in the time limits, and address issues not for one area

 17:20 <cyphermox> anyway, this sounds very #endmeeting

 17:20 <doko> for just one area

 17:20 <doko> so if lts issues fall out, that's ok as well

 17:20 <cyphermox> doko: if you think we should rotate every week so the meeting doesn't take 2 hours, I'm all for it. Let's check with vorlon who usually drives the meeting.

 17:20 <cyphermox> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)