== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting: DMB, 14 Jan at 15:05 &mdash; 15:15 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2019/ubuntu-meeting.2019-01-14-15.05.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Review of previous action items ===
The discussion about "Review of previous action items" started at 15:05.


=== Ubuntu Core Developer Applications ===
The discussion about "Ubuntu Core Developer Applications" started at 15:07.

 * '''Dan Streetman application for coredev (Mon Jan 14)''' (15:07)

=== Outstanding mailing list requests to assign ===
The discussion about "Outstanding mailing list requests to assign" started at 15:09.

  * No mailing list requests since the last meeting

=== Any other business ===
The discussion about "Any other business" started at 15:10.

  * <tsimonq2> For the record, we skipped the previous meeting.
  * <tsimonq2> Holidays and such.



== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * rbasak (33)
 * tsimonq2 (10)
 * sil2100 (9)
 * cyphermox (4)
 * meetingology (3)
 * slashd (1)



== Full Log ==


 15:05 <rbasak> #startmeeting DMB

 15:05 <meetingology> Meeting started Mon Jan 14 15:05:14 2019 UTC.  The chair is rbasak. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 15:05 <meetingology> 

 15:05 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 15:05 <tsimonq2> :D

 15:05 <rbasak> #topic Review of previous action items

 15:05 <rbasak> rbasak to close ddstreet's application

 15:05 * rbasak looks

 15:05 <rbasak> Yes, that's done.

 15:05 <rbasak> tsimonq2 to make ACL changes for tdaitx's successful application

 15:06 <tsimonq2> Done.

 15:06 <rbasak> tsimonq2 to announce tdaitx's successful application

 15:06 <tsimonq2> Done as well.

 15:06 <rbasak> I don't see a mail closing the devel-permissions@ thread

 15:06 <rbasak> I think you announced to ubuntu-devel@ though?

 15:07 * rbasak points to https://wiki.ubuntu.com/DeveloperMembershipBoard/KnowledgeBase#Actions_after_a_successful_application

 15:07 <tsimonq2> I believe so.

 15:07 <tsimonq2> Oops, sorry.

 15:07 <rbasak> cyphermox to handle the recent three packageset requests

 15:07 <rbasak> If he's not here, we'll carry that forward.

 15:07 <rbasak> #topic Ubuntu Core Developer Applications

 15:07 <rbasak> #subtopic Dan Streetman application for coredev (Mon Jan 14)

 15:07 <rbasak> ddstreet: are you here?

 15:08 <slashd> o/

 15:09 <rbasak> Without ddstreet here, let's defer this one.

 15:09 <rbasak> #topic Outstanding mailing list requests to assign

 15:10 <rbasak> #info No mailing list requests since the last meeting

 15:10 <rbasak> #topic Any other business

 15:10 <tsimonq2> For the record, we skipped the previous meeting.

 15:10 <tsimonq2> Holidays and such.

 15:10 <rbasak> #info <tsimonq2> For the record, we skipped the previous meeting.

 15:11 <rbasak> #info <tsimonq2> Holidays and such.

 15:11 <rbasak> Duly noted :)

 15:11 <tsimonq2> Ah. :)

 15:11 <rbasak> Anything else?

 15:11 <tsimonq2> Not from me.

 15:11 <sil2100> Not from me I think

 15:11 <sil2100> hm

 15:11 <sil2100> Does anyone remember what were those packageset changes?

 15:11 <sil2100> Like, anything specific or just refreshing them?

 15:12 <rbasak> I guess that's it then. Thank you to everyone for getting quorum so quickly today. I see that we have a PPU application from rharper lined up for the next meeting, so we will need to be present again for that one.

 15:12 <sil2100> The ones cyphermox was to handle

 15:12 <rbasak> Looking

 15:12 <rbasak> "Add new packages to ubuntukylin packageset" from Aron Xu

 15:12 <rbasak> "Add vala-panel to the MATE package set" maybe? That's quite dated now :-/

 15:12 <tsimonq2> rbasak: Would two meetings in a row with quorum be a record? ;)

 15:13 <rbasak> and "Update server packageset: squid3 -> squid"

 15:13 <cyphermox> gah

 15:13 <rbasak> Some of those might have happened automatically

 15:13 <cyphermox> I'm here, timezones confusion.

 15:14 <sil2100> rbasak: thanks!

 15:14 <sil2100> I guess since cyphermox is here - are those on your plate still?

 15:14 <cyphermox> yes

 15:14 <cyphermox> I'll circle back today and make sure they're all done

 15:14 <sil2100> cyphermox: thanks!

 15:14 <rbasak> Thanks! I'll carry them forward for now then.

 15:14 <rbasak> AO AOB?

 15:15 <sil2100> rbasak: ok, I think now we're done, thanks for picking up and chairing today!

 15:15 <rbasak> No problem!

 15:15 <rbasak> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)