== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 14 Feb at 16:02 &mdash; 16:52 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2019/ubuntu-meeting.2019-02-14-16.02.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning round ===
The discussion about "Lightning round" started at 16:02.


=== Bugs ===
The discussion about "Bugs" started at 16:15.

  * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-dd-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs 

=== proposed-migration ===
The discussion about "proposed-migration" started at 16:25.

  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/disco/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs 
  * ''ACTION:'' cyphermox to investigate bison/kpatch regression
  * ''ACTION:'' vorlon to investigate salt autopkgtest failures
  * ''ACTION:'' vorlon to get usb.ids sorted for main
  * ''ACTION:'' juliank to investigate python-setuptools autopkgtest regressions
  * ''ACTION:'' waveform to investigate netbase/ipset with cyphermox to support

=== AOB ===
The discussion about "AOB" started at 16:47.

  * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/ubiquity/+bug/1815691 



== Vote results ==




== Action items, by person ==

 * cyphermox
  * cyphermox to investigate bison/kpatch regression
  * waveform to investigate netbase/ipset with cyphermox to support
 * juliank
  * juliank to investigate python-setuptools autopkgtest regressions
 * vorlon
  * vorlon to investigate salt autopkgtest failures
  * vorlon to get usb.ids sorted for main
 * waveform
  * waveform to investigate netbase/ipset with cyphermox to support



== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * vorlon (72)
 * xnox (41)
 * ubottu (30)
 * cyphermox (26)
 * sil2100 (23)
 * doko (15)
 * gaughen (9)
 * juliank (8)
 * meetingology (8)
 * waveform (7)



== Full Log ==


 16:02 <vorlon> #startmeeting

 16:02 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Feb 14 16:02:35 2019 UTC.  The chair is vorlon. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:02 <meetingology> 

 16:02 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 16:02 <vorlon> [TOPIC] Lightning round

 16:02 <vorlon> $ echo $(shuf -e vorlon bdmurray xnox tdaitx doko sil2100 rbalint infinity cyphermox mwhudson juliank waveform)

 16:03 <vorlon> rbalint sil2100 cyphermox xnox tdaitx vorlon juliank waveform mwhudson doko bdmurray infinity

 16:03 <sil2100> Oh noo

 16:03 <sil2100> Not ready yet

 16:03 <vorlon> no rbalint today

 16:04 <vorlon> sil2100 says he's not ready

 16:04 <vorlon> cyphermox:

 16:04 <cyphermox> guess it's my turn then

 16:04 <cyphermox> - SRU verifications for trusty, xenial: shim-signed, dkms

 16:04 <cyphermox> - debugging efibootmgr "block device required issues (can't reproduce) (bug LP: #1805490)

 16:04 <cyphermox> - testing for cryptsetup-on-nvme issues "invalid line in crypttab" (bug LP: #1767527)

 16:04 <cyphermox> - more revisions for Secure Boot/DKMS whitepaper

 16:04 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1805490 in grub2-signed (Ubuntu) "Grub2 Failed to install "efibootmgr failed to register the boot entry: Block device required."" [High,Incomplete] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1805490

 16:04 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1767527 in cryptsetup "[18.04] Installation boot failure. WARNING: invalid line in /etc/crypttab" [Undecided,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1767527

 16:04 <cyphermox> - preparing netplan 0.96 release

 16:04 <cyphermox> - moving packaging to gbp tree; started preparing SRUs for >=bionic

 16:04 <cyphermox> - debugging NetworkManager failures w/ autopkgtests in disco

 16:04 <cyphermox> - in-progress: plymouth merge

 16:04 <cyphermox> (done)

 16:05 <xnox> SRUS:

 16:05 <xnox> bug #1790831

 16:05 <xnox> bug #1800867

 16:05 <xnox> bug #1813888

 16:05 <xnox> bug #1806483

 16:05 <xnox> bug #1815482

 16:05 <ubottu> bug 1790831 in Ubuntu on IBM z Systems "lstape, lsluns: handle non-zfcp; lin_tape multiple paths" [Medium,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1790831

 16:05 <ubottu> bug 1800867 in Ubuntu on IBM z Systems "[18.10 FEAT] zcrypt DD: introduce APQN tags to support deterministic driver binding - s390tools part" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1800867

 16:05 <xnox> bug #1815481

 16:05 <ubottu> Error: Could not gather data from Launchpad for bug #1813888 (https://launchpad.net/bugs/1813888). The error has been logged

 16:05 <ubottu> bug 1806483 in Ubuntu on IBM z Systems "Ubuntu 18.04.1 - OpenSSL RSA connection rate performance degradation using ibmca engine (openssl-ibmca)" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1806483

 16:05 <xnox> bug #1815475

 16:05 <ubottu> bug 1815482 in python-imaplib2 (Ubuntu Bionic) "python-imaplib2 needs to support SNI for OpenSSL 1.1.1" [Undecided,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1815482

 16:05 <xnox> bug #1815474

 16:05 <ubottu> bug 1815481 in python-httplib2 (Ubuntu Bionic) "python-httplib2 needs to support SNI for OpenSSL 1.1.1" [Undecided,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1815481

 16:05 <xnox> bug #1815472

 16:05 <ubottu> bug 1815475 in libevent-rpc-perl (Ubuntu Bionic) "libevent-rpc-perl FTBFS in bionic, expired test certs" [Undecided,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1815475

 16:05 <ubottu> bug 1815474 in bind9 (Ubuntu Bionic) "bind9 FTBFS in bionic, regression in updates" [Undecided,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1815474

 16:05 <xnox> bug #1812667

 16:05 <ubottu> bug 1815472 in uvloop (Ubuntu Bionic) "uvloop FTBFS in bionic, regression in updates" [Undecided,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1815472

 16:05 <xnox> bug #1815439

 16:05 <ubottu> bug 1812667 in isync (Ubuntu Cosmic) "Can't verify some ssl certificates (e.g. imap.gmail.com)" [Undecided,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1812667

 16:05 <xnox> Disco:

 16:05 <ubottu> bug 1815439 in python-boto (Ubuntu Cosmic) "python-boto needs to support SNI for OpenSSL 1.1.1" [Undecided,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1815439

 16:05 <xnox> btrfs-progs https://bugs.debian.org/cgi-bin/bugreport.cgi?bug=920886

 16:05 <ubottu> Debian bug 920886 in btrfs-progs "btrfs-progs: btrfs send failed to determine mount point for snapshots stored in /" [Important,Fixed]

 16:05 <xnox> bug #1784643

 16:05 <ubottu> bug 1784643 in Ubuntu on IBM z Systems "[19.04 FEAT] scsi: zfcp: add port speed capabilities (lib-zfcp-hbaapi)" [Medium,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1784643

 16:05 <xnox> bug #1815484

 16:05 <ubottu> bug 1815484 in Ubuntu on IBM z Systems "[19.04 FEAT] Upgrade cryptsetup 2.1.0" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1815484

 16:05 <xnox> systemd fixups for new cryptsetup

 16:05 <xnox> fixup FTBFS libemf with a cludge

 16:05 <xnox> fixing PATH in the initramfs-tools bug #1814355

 16:05 <ubottu> bug 1814355 in snapd (Ubuntu) "snapd remove /usr/local/bin from the PATH for all systemd unit (bionic SRU regression)" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1814355

 16:05 <xnox> working on fatinitrd for subiquity, not good so far

 16:05 * sil2100 is ready

 16:05 <xnox> (and done)

 16:05 <xnox> sil2100, go, i guess =)

 16:06 <sil2100> o/

 16:06 <sil2100> - SRU reviews and releases

 16:06 <sil2100> - Kernel reviews

 16:06 <sil2100> - 18.04.2:

 16:06 <sil2100> * Adding the arm64+raspi3 image to the QA tracker

 16:06 <sil2100> * Refreshing .2 changelog on wiki

 16:06 <sil2100> * Preparing initial core18 .2 image candidates

 16:06 <sil2100> * Fixing up splash for core18 raspi3 arm64, rebuilding release candidates

 16:06 <sil2100> * Requesting validation or the core18 rc images

 16:06 <sil2100> * Whipping people about .2 iso-testing

 16:06 <sil2100> * Testing xubuntu i386, encountering strange kvm bug on my cosmic machine

 16:06 <sil2100> - Filling bug for the 'wipes current if symling for new targets' for cdimage (LP: #1815448)

 16:06 <sil2100> - Filling bug and proposing fix for the checksum-directory issues (LP: 1815592)

 16:06 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1815448 in Ubuntu CD Images "Auto-publishing completely new image types from pending to current can clobber existing images in current" [High,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1815448

 16:06 <sil2100> - Writing some tests for the old-releases archival scripting

 16:06 <sil2100> - Testing linux-firmware-raspi2 with the config.txt

 16:06 <sil2100> - Work on core18 promotion

 16:06 <sil2100> - Various discussions re: core18

 16:06 <sil2100> - Shorter week due to some errands, valentines-business and travel preparation

 16:06 <sil2100> (done)

 16:06 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1815592 in Ubuntu CD Images "checksum-directory does not re-use checksums from olddirs" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1815592

 16:07 <sil2100> tdaitx: your turn I guess!

 16:09 <vorlon> tdaitx is out

 16:10 <vorlon> * merged new upstream version of pam

 16:10 <vorlon> * doing some remedial merges from Debian

 16:10 <vorlon> * looking at TPMs

 16:10 <vorlon> * was out yesterday; will be out tomorrow, and in Malta next week

 16:10 <vorlon> (done)

 16:10 <juliank> * apt/{unstable,disco} 1.8.0~rc3

 16:10 <juliank> * apt/trusty 1.0.1ubuntu2.20 (LP: #1815187, LP: #1815129)

 16:10 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1815187 in apt (Ubuntu Trusty) "Fix crash when opening DepCache before Cache" [Undecided,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1815187

 16:10 <juliank> * apt/disco 1.8.0~rc3ubuntu1 (testing work on LP: #1815760, LP: #1815761)

 16:10 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1815129 in apt (Ubuntu Trusty) "apt segfaults when generating cache file" [Medium,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1815129

 16:10 <juliank> * build a demo package to demo the hooks in the previous two bugs

 16:10 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1815760 in apt (Ubuntu Disco) "Additional hooks for update" [Undecided,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1815760

 16:10 <juliank> * planning takeover of python-apt distro info by distro-info (Debian Bug #922232)

 16:10 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1815761 in apt (Ubuntu Disco) "Alternative to Dpkg::Post-Invoke that runs even if dpkg did not have to be invoked" [Undecided,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1815761

 16:10 <ubottu> Debian bug 922232 in src:distro-info "src:distro-info: Please take over distro info from python-apt" [Wishlist,Open] http://bugs.debian.org/922232

 16:10 <juliank> * some discussions

 16:10 <juliank> (done)

 16:10 <xnox> vorlon, do TPMs look up to you in return?

 16:11 <waveform> * Testing upgrade from beta release to current on various Pi models (2B, 3B, 3B+, CM3, CM3+)

 16:11 <waveform> * Fixed flash-kernel to include db entry for CM3 and CM3+, verifying

 16:11 <waveform> * Attempted (failed) to get CM3+ booting classic or core images

 16:11 <waveform> * Pushed patches for building and revision detection upstream for wiringPi

 16:11 <vorlon> xnox: no eyes

 16:11 <waveform> * Investigated "degraded" state of initial boot on current release; kernel-modules was not Pi specific, but network-wait is (investigating further on the latter)

 16:11 <waveform> * Preparing SRU for RPi.GPIO and gpiozero (bionic)

 16:11 <waveform> (done)

 16:12 <vorlon> doko:

 16:13 <doko> - updating cross compiler packages

 16:13 <doko> - updated gdb to the current trunk

 16:13 <doko> - report binutils upstream issues

 16:13 <doko> - openjdk-12 update

 16:13 <doko> - prepare for GCC 8.3 prerelease

 16:13 <doko> - finally got my openjdk jira account

 16:13 <doko> - wrote up list of Malta topics

 16:13 <doko> (done)

 16:13 <vorlon> bdmurray is off today

 16:13 <vorlon> no infinity

 16:13 <vorlon> any questions?

 16:15 <vorlon> [TOPIC] Bugs

 16:15 <vorlon> [LINK] http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-dd-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 16:16 <vorlon> well, I think LP: #1815774 needs to come across

 16:16 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1815774 in binutils (Ubuntu) "binutils 2.32 update breaks debug symbols in disco" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1815774

 16:16 <doko> the new gdb handles this

 16:17 <doko> but somebody would need to look at apport's failing autopkg tests to let that one migrate

 16:17 <vorlon> doko: ok, do you mind writing that on the bug?

 16:18 <vorlon> LP: #1805490, I think cyphermox may have been looking at this already

 16:18 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1805490 in grub2-signed (Ubuntu) "Grub2 Failed to install "efibootmgr failed to register the boot entry: Block device required."" [High,Incomplete] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1805490

 16:18 <xnox> doko, but then we need that gdb backported and installed on the retracer, or do those use chroots to do its thing?

 16:18 <cyphermox> yes

 16:18 <vorlon> cyphermox: should we go ahead and commit to that?

 16:18 <xnox> (ie. we don't need it back on like xenial or something)

 16:18 <cyphermox> I already have a card in progress for it.

 16:18 <vorlon> that's different than committing :)

 16:18 <cyphermox> oh, is it? :)

 16:19 <cyphermox> sure, let's poke it appropriately, but it's irreproducible so far

 16:19 <vorlon> (but I'll take it so we don't have to discuss it further)

 16:19 <cyphermox> fortunately, I got some responsez

 16:19 <doko> xnox: sorry, I don't know anything about the retracer setup

 16:20 <vorlon> the retracers do use gdb from the target release, based on past bugs of this class

 16:20 <vorlon> LP: #1807900

 16:20 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1807900 in update-manager (Ubuntu Bionic) "update-manager suggests to use Livepatch, which is not available" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1807900

 16:21 <vorlon> this is already assigned to andyrock; I'll go ahead and target it

 16:21 <vorlon> then a ubiquity bug assigned to Laney

 16:22 <vorlon> LP: #1814109

 16:22 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1814109 in libarchive (Ubuntu Disco) "Nautilus corrupts 7z archive files when extracting via 'Extract here' context menu" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1814109

 16:22 <vorlon> hmm did we discuss this efore?

 16:22 <vorlon> before

 16:22 <vorlon> right, we're waiting for upstream

 16:23 <vorlon> LP: #1815201

 16:23 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1815201 in mdadm (Ubuntu) "mdadm checkraid cronjob runs at the same time" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1815201

 16:23 <xnox> i think i should take that

 16:23 <xnox> and move it to systemd timers

 16:23 <vorlon> ok

 16:24 <xnox> but do we need to backport that to pre-xenial?

 16:24 <xnox> i'm not sure what the originators OS is

 16:24 <xnox> vorlon, is this recent releases only? or needed everywhere?

 16:25 <vorlon> there's a bug task for xenial, but three years after release it mustn't be that critical; let's focus on the devel series firsst

 16:25 <vorlon> that's all the highs

 16:25 <vorlon> [TOPIC] proposed-migration

 16:26 <vorlon> [LINK] http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/disco/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs

 16:26 <vorlon> was looking better for a while, now it's looking worse

 16:26 <vorlon> has anyone looked at this bison/kpatch thing?  it's a reproducible failure

 16:27 <xnox> vorlon, well the bug task was added by me

 16:27 <vorlon> xnox: ah

 16:29 <vorlon> does anyone want to claim kpatch/bison for investigation?

 16:29 <cyphermox> vorlon: I could

 16:29 <vorlon> [ACTION] cyphermox to investigate bison/kpatch regression

 16:29 * meetingology cyphermox to investigate bison/kpatch regression

 16:29 <vorlon> cyphermox: thanks

 16:29 <cyphermox> in fact, I shall

 16:29 <xnox> cyphermox, you may

 16:29 <cyphermox> wonderful.

 16:29 <xnox> delighted

 16:30 <vorlon> then salt seems to have regressed multiple ways, I don't know if it's een reproduced with a release pocket baseline

 16:30 <gaughen> libimagequant0 - is that rbalint?

 16:30 <doko> no, that's a MIR waiting for security review

 16:30 <vorlon> ah, maybe it needs a --all-proposed

 16:30 <gaughen> nvrmind, sounds like it's an mir and cyphermox is on it

 16:30 <vorlon> I'll look into the salt stuff

 16:30 <vorlon> [ACTION] vorlon to investigate salt autopkgtest failures

 16:30 * meetingology vorlon to investigate salt autopkgtest failures

 16:31 <vorlon> fwupd is stalled on component-mismatches

 16:32 <vorlon> there's an MIR bug for libxmlb, so in progress

 16:32 <vorlon> usbutils

 16:32 <vorlon> xnox: ^^

 16:32 <xnox> that looks like usb.ids needs to be promoted to main.... cause split into separate source package or whatever

 16:32 <cyphermox> yup, MIR reviewed already

 16:33 <cyphermox> vorlon: fwiw for libxmlb I wouldn't be against pre-promoting, I think

 16:33 <vorlon> cyphermox: which one?

 16:33 <cyphermox> I did assign to security but it's more like "hey, there's a crapton of code, it looks good to me but OMG"

 16:33 <vorlon> ok

 16:33 <vorlon> I don't think it's urgent to pre-promote

 16:33 <cyphermox> ack

 16:34 <cyphermox> if someone else in theMIR team wants to have a look at the code too, maybe we can just mark it Fix Committed

 16:34 <cyphermox> doko: ^

 16:34 <doko> which one?

 16:34 <vorlon> xnox: can you confirm that it is a split of the source package, and then I can promote?

 16:34 <cyphermox> libxmlb

 16:35 <xnox> vorlon, it is https://tracker.debian.org/news/1028104/accepted-usbids-20190117-1-source-all-into-unstable-unstable/

 16:35 <vorlon> [ACTION] vorlon to get usb.ids sorted for main

 16:35 * meetingology vorlon to get usb.ids sorted for main

 16:37 <vorlon> python-setuptools has a bunch of non-salt autopkgtest regressions, which proably need investigation

 16:38 <vorlon> any volunteers for that?

 16:39 <xnox> ewww

 16:40 <cyphermox> xnox: affects meson

 16:44 <xnox> not me

 16:44 <gaughen> juliank wants it@!

 16:45 <juliank> +0.5

 16:45 <vorlon> [ACTION] juliank to investigate python-setuptools autopkgtest regressions

 16:45 * meetingology juliank to investigate python-setuptools autopkgtest regressions

 16:45 <vorlon> last but not least, netbase/ipset

 16:45 <doko> I looked at the meson issue, it's a gdc regression. don't know if there are more

 16:45 <vorlon> I think doko wants netbase

 16:45 <gaughen> doko, it's all about the base

 16:45 <doko> vorlon: dave needs training ;p

 16:46 <gaughen> waveform, ?

 16:46 <xnox> hmmm

 16:46 <xnox> i could look into meson, i have done bits of it before

 16:47 <xnox> and systemd uses meson.....

 16:47 <vorlon> [ACTION] waveform to investigate netbase/ipset with cyphermox to support

 16:47 * meetingology waveform to investigate netbase/ipset with cyphermox to support

 16:47 <vorlon> and done

 16:47 <vorlon> [TOPIC] AOB

 16:47 <vorlon> anything else?

 16:48 <gaughen> yes, vorlon, bdmurray had another bug to look at

 16:48 <gaughen> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/ubiquity/+bug/1815691

 16:48 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1815691 in ubiquity (Ubuntu) "disk not detected on an Intel NUC7i5BNHXF" [Undecided,New]

 16:49 <vorlon> should we target this to disco?

 16:50 <gaughen> vorlon, seems like we should

 16:50 <xnox> Feb  4 22:03:10 ubuntu kernel: [    9.323672] ahci 0000:00:17.0: Switch your BIOS from RAID to AHCI mode to use them.

 16:51 <vorlon> ok taking

 16:51 <vorlon> anything else else?

 16:52 <gaughen> no

 16:52 <vorlon> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)