== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team, 13 Jun at 15:03 &mdash; 15:48 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2019/ubuntu-meeting.2019-06-13-15.03.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning rounds ===
The discussion about "Lightning rounds" started at 15:03.


=== Release incoming bugs (eoan) ===
The discussion about "Release incoming bugs (eoan)" started at 15:11.

  * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ee-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs 
  * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/openssl/+bug/1832370 is undecided

=== Release incoming bugs (bionic) ===
The discussion about "Release incoming bugs (bionic)" started at 15:25.

  * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-bb-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs 

=== Team proposed-migration report ===
The discussion about "Team proposed-migration report" started at 15:29.

  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs 

=== IKEA (chair selection) ===
The discussion about "IKEA (chair selection)" started at 15:32.


=== AOB ===
The discussion about "AOB" started at 15:36.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * juliank (62)
 * bdmurray (41)
 * vorlon (27)
 * xnox (24)
 * cyphermox (16)
 * ubottu (15)
 * tdaitx (12)
 * sil2100 (12)
 * doko (8)
 * rbalint (7)
 * waveform_ (7)
 * meetingology (3)
 * gaughen (2)



== Full Log ==


 15:03 <juliank> #startmeeting Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team

 15:03 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Jun 13 15:03:51 2019 UTC.  The chair is juliank. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 15:03 <meetingology> 

 15:03 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 15:03 <juliank> #topic Lightning rounds

 15:04 <juliank> echo $(shuf -e vorlon bdmurray xnox tdaitx doko sil2100 rbalint infinity cyphermox mwhudson juliank waveform)

 15:04 <juliank> rbalint tdaitx juliank xnox bdmurray doko infinity waveform mwhudson cyphermox vorlon sil2100

 15:04 <juliank> rbalint:

 15:04 <juliank> rbalint seems afk

 15:04 <juliank> tdaitx:

 15:04 <tdaitx> rbalint: was out for food, I will go

 15:04 <tdaitx> * reviewed, merged, and uploaded 2 livecd-rootfs changes

 15:04 <tdaitx> * updated bugs and uploaded bionic/cosmic/disco -proposed fixes for tomcat8, netbeans, and scilab (LP: #1825604, LP: #1828427, LP: #1825037, LP: #1827090)

 15:04 <tdaitx> * investigating openjdk 8u222-b04 failure to build on armhf

 15:04 <tdaitx> - got a hs_err_log from a ppa (for some reason the eoan build didn't output it)

 15:04 <tdaitx> - our patches do not seem to be the cause

 15:04 <tdaitx> - looking at upstream changes to the hotspot for possible causes

 15:04 <tdaitx> - writing email to aarch32-port for some help on sorting this out

 15:04 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1825604 in netbeans (Ubuntu) "[SRU] Netbeans 10 should depend on java11-sdk" [Medium,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1825604

 15:04 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1828427 in netbeans (Debian) "[SRU] Netbeans fails to create a java project with NoSuchMethodError" [Unknown,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1828427

 15:04 <tdaitx> Other:

 15:04 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1825037 in scilab (Ubuntu) "[SRU] scilab-cli and scilab-adv-cli does not start on bionic, cosmic, disco and eoan" [High,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1825037

 15:04 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1827090 in tomcat8 (Ubuntu) "[SRU] tomcat8-instance-create fails to update connector and control ports" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1827090

 15:04 <tdaitx> - I can run again

 15:05 <tdaitx> (done)

 15:05 <tdaitx> juliank: go!

 15:05 <juliank> * aptdaemon: fixed test suite and implemented frontend locking for bb, cc, dd, ee (LP: #1831981)

 15:05 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1831981 in aptdaemon (Ubuntu Disco) "aptdaemon frontend locking, locking fixes" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1831981

 15:05 <juliank> * verified LP: #1754075

 15:05 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1754075 in apt-setup (Debian) "apt-setup uses apt-key but probably should not anymore" [Unknown,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1754075

 15:05 <juliank> * checked that release upgrader can not be MITMed with meta release files anymore (re LP: #807259)

 15:05 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 807259 in update-manager (Ubuntu Eoan) "MetaRelease.download() Issue after Captive Portal" [High,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/807259

 15:05 <juliank> * apt hacking

 15:05 <juliank> * got yellow fever vaccination for debconf in brazil

 15:05 <juliank> (done)

 15:05 <juliank> xnox:

 15:05 <xnox> * OpenSSL SRU is out, and uploading regression fixes

 15:05 <xnox> * Fixing up apache2 adt tests

 15:05 <xnox> * Fixing up networking in initrd

 15:05 <xnox> - fixing broken static ip from initrd to netplan

 15:05 <xnox> - fixing broken dns in ipconfig

 15:05 <xnox> - adding support for vlans

 15:05 <xnox> * Prepared s390-tools uploads opal->sipl signing rename

 15:05 <xnox> - awaiting lp deployment to upload

 15:05 <xnox> * Registered for Debconf, All Systems Go

 15:05 <xnox> * Travel booked for Debconf, Toronto, All Systems Go

 15:05 <xnox> * Todo travel to Paris, trains are not bookable yet

 15:05 <xnox> Done

 15:06 <cyphermox> xnox: some trains may be bookable now, I booked some today

 15:06 <bdmurray> merged MP from IS regarding cleaning up saved crash files more frequently

 15:06 <juliank> bdmurray: your turn!

 15:06 <bdmurray> reviewed / merged retracer-app charm change re telegraf configuration file

 15:06 <bdmurray> investigation into retracing queue backlog

 15:06 <bdmurray> uploaded fix for apport autopkgtest bug LP: #1832120

 15:06 <bdmurray> submitted apt PR regarding df output and snaps (LP: #1756595)

 15:06 <bdmurray> created, submitted tar xattrs patches to upstream developers

 15:06 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1832120 in apport (Ubuntu) "i386 - Test fails 'test_get_file_package_uninstalled_multiarch'" [High,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1832120

 15:06 <bdmurray> updated apport on Launchpad retracers

 15:06 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1756595 in apt (Ubuntu Bionic) "disk space info inadvertently provides all installed snaps" [Medium,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1756595

 15:06 <bdmurray> started work on motd bug LP: #1829968

 15:06 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1829968 in base-files (Ubuntu Eoan) "motd [on at least some instances] does not auto-update daily" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1829968

 15:06 <bdmurray> looked into mlocate and command-not-found, sent team an email about it

 15:06 <bdmurray> short week due to multiple days off

 15:06 <bdmurray> âœ” done

 15:07 <bdmurray> doko:

 15:07 <doko> - GCC 8 and GCC 9 updates

 15:07 <doko> - looking at the OpenJDK 8 ftbfs on armhf

 15:07 <doko> - binutils update, and testing. Will arrive in eoan shortly

 15:07 <doko> - meetings about GCC offloading support

 15:07 <doko> - GCC clash protection and cet updates, together with amurray, continued

 15:07 <doko> - Monday was bank holiday

 15:07 <doko> (done)

 15:07 <juliank> no infinity

 15:07 <juliank> waveform_:

 15:07 <waveform_> * Investigated compressed kernels on arm64: they don't and won't support self-compression for various sensible reasons (LP: #1808056)

 15:07 <waveform_> * Wrote new u-boot bootscript for pi; handling all formats (uncompressed, self-compressed, externally-compressed) on all (supported) pis (2, 3, 3+, CM3, CM3+)

 15:07 <waveform_> * Tested bootscript on all (supported) pis, for cases of existing installs and potential future upgrades to compressed kernel on 64-bit versions (all working)

 15:07 <waveform_> * Updated flash-kernel with new bootscript, removing all the hacks for the pi2 (uboot.env stuff), and using same boot-script for all archs; will submit MP after this

 15:07 <waveform_> * Working on updating pi3-gadget to obtain u-boot script from a staged flash-kernel (currently it's just a static file in the gadget repo - not ideal)

 15:07 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1808056 in linux-raspi2 (Ubuntu) "vmlinuz is very large in arm64 -raspi2" [Undecided,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1808056

 15:07 <waveform_> * Not much time for bluetooth investigations on core; will get to that tomorrow

 15:07 <waveform_> (done)

 15:07 <cyphermox> cyphermox:

 15:07 <cyphermox> shim reviews

 15:08 <cyphermox> MIR reviews: ec2-hibinit-agent, probert

 15:08 <cyphermox> multiple meetings about netplan

 15:08 <cyphermox> grub2 merge (omg)

 15:08 <cyphermox> dealing with selling a house and whatnot

 15:08 <cyphermox> (done)

 15:08 <xnox> cyphermox:  the one with pretty wooden floorboards and all that?!

 15:09 <cyphermox> oh, I forgot some partner work I can't give more details

 15:09 <cyphermox> yes

 15:09 <juliank> vorlon:

 15:09 <xnox> awww ;`(

 15:09 <vorlon> * SRUs:

 15:09 <vorlon> * openssl 1.1.1 release, and a second round of openssl

 15:09 <vorlon> * various SRU reviews

 15:09 <vorlon> * digging into the story of non-lts hwe kernels on 14.04 desktops to understand what's gone wrong for some users

 15:09 <vorlon> * nvidia driver stack refinements

 15:09 <vorlon> * supporting CPC team in the GKE nvidia drivers

 15:09 <vorlon> * discussions around solutions for automated installs in the subiquity world

 15:09 <cyphermox> xnox: there will be other wooden floorboards.

 15:09 <vorlon> * discussions around OVS support in netplan

 15:09 <vorlon> (done)

 15:09 <doko> openssl -updates or just -proposed?

 15:09 <xnox> vorlon:  this round of openssl srus is ready to release; and security commented on it.

 15:10 <sil2100> - Was out-of-office on Wednesday (waterpark)

 15:10 <sil2100> - SRU reviews and releases

 15:10 <sil2100> - Add pandas to big_packages since the ADT tests were OOMing

 15:10 <sil2100> - Respin some packages for the toolchains rebuilds

 15:10 <sil2100> * Iterate on those and release

 15:10 <sil2100> - Poking around new core18 promotion being blocked - some TPM failures due to new openssl

 15:10 <sil2100> - Finishing up cpc_jenkins changes for the new core18 auto-promotion schema, submitting MP

 15:10 <xnox> doko:  we have it in updates, we have better in -proposed, and one more not uploaded yet.

 15:10 <sil2100> - Some nusakan tweaks

 15:10 <sil2100> - Testing the prepared /boot/grub u-i classic image upgrade bugfixes

 15:10 <sil2100> - Some other stuff I forgot

 15:10 <bdmurray> vorlon: Do we need to talk about hwe and 14.04?

 15:10 <sil2100> (done)

 15:10 <rbalint> (short week due to national holiday)

 15:10 <rbalint> * partner work

 15:10 <rbalint> * fixed unattended-upgrades' autopkgtest in Debian in 1.11.2

 15:10 <rbalint> * fixed d3-format reusing existing non-epoched version in Debian

 15:10 <rbalint> * WSL testing

 15:10 <rbalint> (done)

 15:10 <juliank> any questions?

 15:11 <vorlon> bdmurray: yes probably

 15:11 <juliank> #topic Release incoming bugs (eoan)

 15:11 <vorlon> (though not necessarily here)

 15:11 <juliank> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ee-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 15:12 <bdmurray> bug 1798369 got carded but not targetted?

 15:12 <ubottu> bug 1798369 in ubiquity (Ubuntu) "Reinstall Ubuntu (with preserving existing data) shows error message due to "Could not get lock /target/var/cache/apt/archives/lock"" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1798369

 15:12 <bdmurray> Was that an oversight?

 15:13 <rbalint> i think we agreed to remove this feature

 15:13 <vorlon> no, we didn't

 15:13 <bdmurray> I don't recall that but the point is if it has a card then we should target it.

 15:13 <vorlon> yes, we should target

 15:13 <bdmurray> Right?

 15:13 <bdmurray> Okay, doing so.

 15:14 <bdmurray> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/openssl/+bug/1832370 is undecided

 15:14 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1832370 in openssl (Ubuntu) "Unable to configure or disable TLS 1.3 via openssl.cnf" [Undecided,New]

 15:14 <bdmurray> and new

 15:14 <xnox> that needs to be investigated to confirm if it's real or not.

 15:14 <xnox> i guess i should take, unless someone else wants to play with openssl.cnf?

 15:16 <bdmurray> cyphermox: we'd talked about meeting re more rls-ee- bugs but haven't done it yet - lets schedule something

 15:16 <cyphermox> yep

 15:16 <vorlon> looks like it should be taken (and also targeted to bionic, not just eoan)

 15:16 <cyphermox> bdmurray: anytime but next Tuesday please.

 15:17 <juliank> Regarding sdeziel's comment on nginx, that still requires a rebuild of nginx against openssl 1.1.1, right?

 15:18 <vorlon> juliank: the point there is that there should already be support for limiting the protocol to the set that older openssl knows about, without having to rebuild anything; but doing so still shows TLSv1.3 being used

 15:18 <xnox> juliank:  where?

 15:18 <xnox> juliank:  where is that comment?

 15:18 <bdmurray> targetting

 15:18 <juliank> xnox: in the bug

 15:18 <juliank> "My main goal is to have TLS 1.3 and 1.2 enabled with this ciphers list"

 15:19 <vorlon> he probably misspoke somewhere along there

 15:19 <juliank> ah

 15:19 <vorlon> the config shows him pinning 1.1 + 1.2, not 1.3

 15:19 <bdmurray> vorlon, xnox: Have you created a card?

 15:19 <juliank> Now I understand

 15:19 <juliank> very confusing

 15:19 <xnox> juliank:  yes and no. the bug is that he can't disable particular chipersuites of 1.3, and then he also discovered he can't disable 1.3 at all it seems - using system configs.

 15:19 <vorlon> bdmurray, xnox: doing

 15:19 <juliank> That's annyoing

 15:20 <juliank> Rebuilding nginx should allow him to do it in nginx.conf, though, afaiui

 15:20 <juliank> I wanted to test that but have not gotten around to it yet

 15:20 <vorlon> xnox: and dumping this straight into committed lane for you

 15:20 <xnox> vorlon:  tah

 15:21 <vorlon> sure, rebuilding all the openssl-using things would let them work around openssl.cnf not working correctly

 15:21 <juliank> I gotta create those ecc keys for my server and setup TLS 1.3 to see if I need nginx rebuild or not; but I think I do to get it working correctly

 15:22 <juliank> Anyhow, let's move on I guess, any other bugs?

 15:22 <bdmurray> Okay, moving on bug 1756595 has been fixed upstream afaik. Is it worth SRU'ing?

 15:22 <ubottu> bug 1756595 in apt (Ubuntu Bionic) "disk space info inadvertently provides all installed snaps" [Medium,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1756595

 15:23 <bdmurray> Not many people have used the affects me too feature

 15:23 <juliank> bdmurray: Only merged it in git so far.

 15:23 <bdmurray> But its a trivial SRU

 15:23 <bdmurray> juliank: Fix Committed then? ;-)

 15:23 <juliank> Will add it to future SRUs, but not SRU by itself

 15:24 <bdmurray> juliank: Alright, cool. Unless this would be a good -proposed test vorlon...

 15:24 <vorlon> bdmurray: let's write up more of a policy before we start doing that :)

 15:24 <juliank> there's already a 1.8.2 I have to push to disco

 15:24 <bdmurray> okay, that's it for High bugs then

 15:24 <vorlon> are we on some page other than rls-ee now?

 15:25 <bdmurray> vorlon: no

 15:25 <juliank> no, still on rls-ee

 15:25 <vorlon> ah ok

 15:25 <juliank> #topic Release incoming bugs (bionic)

 15:25 <juliank> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-bb-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 15:25 <juliank> Let's move to bb

 15:25 <juliank> No bugs!

 15:26 <bdmurray> Could bug 1726930 be about the wrong package?

 15:26 <ubottu> bug 1726930 in laptop-mode-tools (Ubuntu Bionic) "System fails to start (boot) on battery due to read-only root file-system" [Undecided,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1726930

 15:27 <juliank> not sure

 15:27 <vorlon> they were mucking with acpi_os settings? pass

 15:27 <juliank> vorlon: "previously"

 15:27 <juliank> that sounds fine to me

 15:28 <vorlon> it's a low-signal bug report

 15:28 <vorlon> let's not spend time on it here

 15:28 <juliank> In any case l-m-t upstream is on the bug, so let him deal with it

 15:29 <bdmurray> got it

 15:29 <juliank> #topic Team proposed-migration report

 15:29 <juliank> #link http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs

 15:30 <xnox> i uploaded new apache2

 15:30 <xnox> it should be better

 15:30 <juliank> ok

 15:30 <juliank> the rest seems boring

 15:32 <juliank> #topic IKEA (chair selection)

 15:33 <sil2100> ;D

 15:33 <bdmurray> Goldilocks should select the chair

 15:33 <juliank> game of throne

 15:34 <cyphermox> random?

 15:34 <cyphermox> or I'll do it

 15:35 <juliank> I think everyone happily accepts your sacrifice

 15:35 <cyphermox> joy!

 15:36 <juliank> I'll take that as no objections

 15:36 <juliank> #topic AOB

 15:36 <juliank> Anything else?

 15:36 <vorlon> nothing from me

 15:38 <gaughen> juliank, nothing from me

 15:38 <gaughen> thank you juliank!

 15:38 <bdmurray> me!

 15:39 <bdmurray> What about mlocate and command-not-found?

 15:39 <juliank> bdmurray: Was that about hiding one of the locates?

 15:39 <bdmurray> juliank: yeah

 15:40 <juliank> bdmurray: I did not follow that closely, where was that discussed?

 15:41 <bdmurray> juliank: our internal mailing list

 15:41 <juliank> Ah

 15:42 <juliank> So, yes, mlocate should probably the only thing shown by c-n-f

 15:43 <bdmurray> juliank: I didn't see an easy way to do that

 15:44 <juliank> Could just hack that into the cnf update thingy to ignore locate

 15:45 <bdmurray> Yeah, that's the only idea I had.

 15:46 <juliank> Modifying c-n-f at least means that we don't have a delta

 15:47 <juliank> So, anything else?

 15:47 <bdmurray> It'll just be hard to locate the change!

 15:47 <bdmurray> Nope, that's it.

 15:48 <juliank> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)