== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team, 11 Apr at 15:03 &mdash; 13:24 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2019/ubuntu-meeting.2019-04-11-15.03.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning rounds ===
The discussion about "Lightning rounds" started at 15:03.


=== Release incoming bugs (disco) ===
The discussion about "Release incoming bugs (disco)" started at 15:10.

  * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-dd-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs 
  * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/curtin/+bug/1534162 
  * ''LINK:'' https://code.launchpad.net/~xnox/curtin/+git/curtin/+merge/365739 
  * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-dd-tracking-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs 

=== Team proposed-migration report ===
The discussion about "Team proposed-migration report" started at 15:47.

  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs 

=== AOB ===
The discussion about "AOB" started at 15:55.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * cyphermox (63)
 * bdmurray (42)
 * vorlon (41)
 * cpaelzer (23)
 * ubottu (23)
 * infinity (17)
 * xnox (15)
 * doko (11)
 * rbalint (9)
 * waveform (7)
 * tdaitx (7)
 * meetingology (6)
 * tobikoch (2)
 * gaughen (2)
 * jamespage (2)
 * didrocks (1)



== Full Log ==


 15:03 <cyphermox> #startmeeting Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team

 15:03 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Apr 11 15:03:16 2019 UTC.  The chair is cyphermox. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 15:03 <meetingology> 

 15:03 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 15:03 <cyphermox> #topic Lightning rounds

 15:03 <cyphermox> echo $(shuf -e vorlon bdmurray xnox tdaitx doko sil2100 rbalint infinity cyphermox mwhudson juliank waveform)

 15:03 <cyphermox> tdaitx sil2100 mwhudson xnox waveform infinity doko cyphermox bdmurray vorlon juliank rbalint

 15:04 <cyphermox> tdaitx: ?

 15:04 <tdaitx> gah, incomplete, but here it goes

 15:04 <tdaitx> * openjdk-11 bionic security transition

 15:04 <tdaitx> - u-u fix for maven, netbeans, visualvm, jhove, jetty9, tomcat:

 15:04 <tdaitx> - review changes, update documentation

 15:04 <tdaitx> - test changes and upgrade scenarios

 15:04 <tdaitx> - package, upload, coordinate stuff

 15:04 <tdaitx> (done)

 15:04 <vorlon> no sil2100

 15:04 <vorlon> xnox:

 15:05 <xnox> bug #1822730

 15:05 <xnox> bug #1823132

 15:05 <xnox> unblock sphinx testsuite on ppc64le/s390x

 15:05 <xnox> bug #1823382

 15:05 <xnox> bug #1816812

 15:05 <ubottu> bug 1822730 in busybox (Ubuntu) "Disco server install fails to boot using encrypted partitions" [Undecided,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1822730

 15:05 <xnox> unbreak zsh FTBFS / autopkgtest

 15:05 <ubottu> bug 1823132 in Ubuntu on IBM z Systems "[19.10 FEAT] Add libhugetlbfs for s390x >= 2.21" [High,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1823132

 15:05 <xnox> bug #1824342

 15:05 <ubottu> bug 1823382 in neon27 (Ubuntu Cosmic) "backport openssl 1.1.1 fixes to bionic and cosmic" [Undecided,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1823382

 15:05 <xnox> tiny systemd upload being reviewed by infinity

 15:05 <ubottu> bug 1816812 in systemd (Ubuntu Disco) "desktop logout delays due to missing PropertiesChanged signal" [Undecided,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1816812

 15:05 <xnox> subiquity merge proposals review

 15:05 <ubottu> bug 1824342 in systemd (Ubuntu) "in 19.04, default user cannot access system journal" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1824342

 15:05 <xnox> done

 15:05 <xnox> done

 15:05 <xnox> waveform,

 15:05 <waveform> * Pi firmware update to support CM3+ boot in disco (LP: #1824338)

 15:05 <waveform> * Pi bluetooth work: licensing fun, binary blobs, "vendor debug" strings ... but it works! (LP: #1824338)

 15:05 <waveform> * Pi First boot spec in review

 15:05 <waveform> * Pi Amazing spec reviewed, responding to comments

 15:05 <waveform> * Pi3 gadget PR for cloud-init seeding

 15:05 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1824338 in Ubuntu Server "Make bluetooth work on Raspberry Pi 3 classic images" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1824338

 15:05 <waveform> * Bug for wiringpi packaging (LP: #1824370)

 15:05 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1824370 in Ubuntu "[needs-packaging] wiringpi" [Undecided,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1824370

 15:06 <waveform> (done)

 15:06 <bdmurray> infinity: ?

 15:06 <infinity> Uhh, I lost track of time.   Someone take my spot.

 15:06 <bdmurray> doko:

 15:07 <doko> - disco main test rebuild, filing ftbfs bugs

 15:07 <doko> - cosmic main test rebuild, fileing ftbfs bugs

 15:07 <doko> - gcc* cosmic SRU updates

 15:07 <doko> - one android-* SRU update for openjdk-11

 15:07 <doko> - python* SRU updates for cosmic

 15:07 <doko> (done)

 15:07 <bdmurray> cyphermox:

 15:07 <cyphermox> shim review: Matrix42

 15:07 <cyphermox> fix lsof ftbfs in rebuild tests (LP: #1823430)

 15:07 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1823430 in lsof (Ubuntu) "lsof ftbfs in disco" [High,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1823430

 15:07 <cyphermox> netplan bionic SRU re-upload to disable broken tunnel tests

 15:07 <cyphermox> netplan specs

 15:07 <cyphermox> ore mucking with c-t-b-m autopkgtest; failure not reproducible locally.

 15:07 <cyphermox> reviewing various pacakges, including MIRs: uwsgi, twitter-bootstrap3

 15:07 <cyphermox> investigating some grub2 bugs: http module; conffile handling

 15:07 <cyphermox> debugging oddness w.r.t golang packages showing up in lubuntu packageset

 15:07 <cyphermox> fwupd/fwupd-signed fix for component mismatches

 15:08 <cyphermox> + some secret stuff too boring to mention anyway

 15:08 <cyphermox> (done)

 15:08 <bdmurray> me

 15:08 <bdmurray> scripted the update of apport test crashes

 15:08 <bdmurray> further reduced the size of apport's content mapping pickle file

 15:08 <bdmurray> tested apport update in the staging Error Tracker

 15:08 <bdmurray> uploaded ubuntu-release-upgrader fix for LP: #1822886

 15:08 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1822886 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu Cosmic) "universe missing after bionic->cosmic do-release-upgrade" [Critical,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1822886

 15:08 <bdmurray> reported update-manager bug re https LP: #1823410

 15:08 <bdmurray> uploaded B and C SRUs for u-r-u and update-manager bugs above

 15:08 <bdmurray> uploaded fix for issue with whoopsie-upload-all LP: #1824152

 15:08 <bdmurray> reviewed outstanding britney hints MPs for stable releases

 15:08 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1823410 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu Cosmic) "utils.py's url_downloadable doesn't support https" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1823410

 15:08 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1824152 in apport (Ubuntu Disco) "/usr/share/apport/whoopsie-upload-all:AttributeError:process_report:add_gdb_info:gdb_command:write:read:readinto:read:/usr/share/apport/whoopsie-upload-all@166:collect_info:process_report" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1824152

 15:08 <bdmurray> sponsored an upload of probert to D for the server team

 15:08 <bdmurray> reviewed many an SRU as requested by people

 15:08 <bdmurray> done

 15:08 <bdmurray> vorlon:

 15:09 <vorlon> * openjdk11 SRU discussions / shepherding

 15:09 <vorlon> * SRU reviews

 15:09 <vorlon> * unapproved queue reviews for disco

 15:09 <vorlon> * mailing list discussions about package removal policies

 15:09 <vorlon> * proposed-migration kicking of glibc blockers etc

 15:09 <vorlon> * fixed pyparted's autopkgtests; then saw it was fixed in Debian and synced that; now the package FTBFS on armhf with FPE

 15:09 <vorlon> (done)

 15:09 <rbalint> * wsl-related discussions

 15:09 <bdmurray> juliank is out

 15:09 <rbalint> * tested release upgrade to Disco on wsl, it works! :-)

 15:09 <rbalint> * prepared patch for LP: #1821924

 15:09 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1821924 in lxd (Ubuntu Cosmic) "LXD Deb->snap transition fails in WSL due to snap command not working (yet)" [Low,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1821924

 15:09 <rbalint> * verified all remaining bugs for LP: #1702793

 15:09 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1702793 in unattended-upgrades (Ubuntu Xenial) "Full backport SRU for unattended-upgrades" [Low,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1702793

 15:09 <rbalint> * uploaded wireshark 2.6.8 via Debian

 15:09 <rbalint> * verified ubuntu-wsl sru-s

 15:10 <rbalint> * working on generic fix for LP: #1823872

 15:10 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1823872 in unattended-upgrades (Ubuntu) "Fixing fsfreeze-hook can break unattended upgrades" [Undecided,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1823872

 15:10 <rbalint> (done)

 15:10 <cyphermox> #topic Release incoming bugs (disco)

 15:10 <bdmurray> cyphermox: what about infinity?

 15:10 <infinity> * glibc upload to disco

 15:10 <infinity> * attempting to get the above migrated some day

 15:10 <infinity> * queue reviews, queue reviews, queue reviews

 15:10 <infinity> * archive gardening (nbs, priority-mismatches, component-mismatches, etc)

 15:10 <infinity> * NOTE: Final Freeze is TODAY, if you need it in, upload in the next 6 hours.

 15:10 <cyphermox> oh, true, he wasn't ready before

 15:10 <infinity> (done)

 15:10 <infinity> There. :P

 15:10 <cyphermox> bdmurray: see, you can depend on infinity, he doesn't need to have the right topic.

 15:10 <cyphermox> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-dd-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 15:10 <cyphermox> bdmurray: boogs?

 15:11 <bdmurray> there are some ftbfs since the last meeting

 15:11 <bdmurray> and then bug 1824342

 15:11 <ubottu> bug 1824342 in systemd (Ubuntu) "in 19.04, default user cannot access system journal" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1824342

 15:11 <infinity> I think xnox uploaded for that one.

 15:11 <xnox> bdmurray, infinity is reviewing upload for that.

 15:11 <cyphermox> I wanna look at the strace ftbfs.

 15:12 <bdmurray> I'll add the release task and untag that bug then

 15:12 <xnox> https://bugs.launchpad.net/curtin/+bug/1534162

 15:12 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1534162 in subiquity "symlinks managed by kernel postinst are different from zipl-installer and livefs-rootfs" [Undecided,Confirmed]

 15:13 <infinity> A pkg-config regression is mildly concerning.

 15:13 <xnox> https://code.launchpad.net/~xnox/curtin/+git/curtin/+merge/365739

 15:13 <cyphermox> infinity: check-print-options so maybe something new appeared

 15:13 <cyphermox> oh, it's a -0ubuntu2 though

 15:17 <cyphermox> bdmurray: so we're done with the bugs?

 15:18 <bdmurray> maybe we should have a look at the tracking ones since its getting late

 15:18 <cyphermox> ok, let's

 15:18 <cyphermox> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-dd-tracking-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 15:18 <bdmurray> bug 1778844 - 3 pairs!

 15:18 <ubottu> bug 1778844 in initramfs-tools (Ubuntu Disco) "nvme multipath does not report path relationships" [Critical,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1778844

 15:19 <cyphermox> nearly a mahjongg

 15:19 <cyphermox> oh, looks like it needs sponsorage

 15:20 <bdmurray> Who could review the path then?

 15:20 <cyphermox> who wants to review and upload that?

 15:20 <vorlon> I could

 15:22 <vorlon> next one is LP: #1820840, which is fix committed by sil2100

 15:22 <bdmurray> then bug 1820840 - only 2 pairs

 15:22 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1820840 in livecd-rootfs (Ubuntu Disco) "[Disco] Ubuntu Desktop fails to build - snap-tool download: failed to get details for 'core18' in 'stable/ubuntu-19.04' on 'amd64': No revision was found in the Store. " [Critical,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1820840

 15:25 <bdmurray> tobikoch: What does partially mitigate in your comment in bug 1820840 mean?

 15:26 <ubottu> bug 1820840 in livecd-rootfs (Ubuntu Disco) "[Disco] Ubuntu Desktop fails to build - snap-tool download: failed to get details for 'core18' in 'stable/ubuntu-19.04' on 'amd64': No revision was found in the Store. " [Critical,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1820840

 15:26 <vorlon> doko: LP: #1820172?

 15:26 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1820172 in python3.7 (Ubuntu Disco) "[regression] Python async test fails with OpenSSL 1.1.1b" [High,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1820172

 15:27 <doko> that should be worked around ...

 15:27 <bdmurray> should be or should have been?

 15:27 <vorlon> I don't understand what's to be worked around

 15:27 <vorlon> is this a build time test or autopkgtest?

 15:27 <tobikoch> bdmurray: it does not address all of vorlon's concerns in comment #3

 15:27 <doko> it's not clear to me if reducing the payload is the correct fix

 15:28 <vorlon> doko: ok; but that seems in any case like we should either close the bug or untarget it

 15:28 <tobikoch> bdmurray: but I guess it fixes that particular bug.

 15:28 <bdmurray> tobikoch: then maybe new bugs for his other concerns?

 15:28 <doko> then untarget. python3.x will get openssl 1.1.1 updates upstream

 15:29 <vorlon> tobikoch: can I remove core18 from the desktop seed?

 15:29 <vorlon> (I'm guessing point #2 is the hard one that's not done yet and we're still seeding core + core18)

 15:30 <bdmurray> doko: does untarget == won't fix for disco?

 15:30 <vorlon> I've untargeted now

 15:30 <doko> bdmurray: no, "python3.x will get openssl 1.1.1 updates upstream"

 15:30 <infinity> vorlon: I'd think the "can I remove core18" question is better posed to kenvandine.

 15:31 <vorlon> infinity: I'm asking whether tobijk's implementation makes the (wrong) seeding of core18 unnecessary

 15:31 <infinity> Oh, that would be me not understanding the bug then. ;)

 15:31 <bdmurray> doko: repeating the same words doesn't help me understand it better

 15:32 <vorlon> it's untargeted now; should we move on?

 15:32 <bdmurray> bug 1805490

 15:32 <ubottu> bug 1805490 in grub2-signed (Ubuntu Disco) "Grub2 Failed to install "efibootmgr failed to register the boot entry: Block device required."" [High,Incomplete] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1805490

 15:32 <doko> bdmurray: these will be backported to disco once available. so why close it as "wontfix"?

 15:33 <bdmurray> doko: got it so we'll fix it in an SRU. I don't think we have a good way of tracking that.

 15:33 <cyphermox> bdmurray: I still have it on my radar just no answer at this point

 15:33 <cyphermox> I can't reproduce the failure and the information I have doesn't really help

 15:35 <bdmurray> then bug 1811695

 15:35 <ubottu> bug 1811695 in update-manager (Ubuntu Disco) "/usr/bin/update-manager:RuntimeError(org.freedesktop.DBus.Python.RuntimeError):_on_clicked:_deferable..." [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1811695

 15:36 <vorlon> bdmurray: from your comment on there, is this a disco-specific problem according to the error tracker?

 15:37 <bdmurray> vorlon: perhaps the errors bucket isn't loading for me atm

 15:37 <bdmurray> I think so though

 15:39 <bdmurray> Its probably SRU worthy

 15:39 <vorlon> then if update-manager will be broken for (some) users after upgrade, that's important to have fixed sooner rather than later

 15:39 <vorlon> can anyone take that on?

 15:40 <vorlon> ah, if it's just an apt lock and update-manager will try again later, not critical

 15:40 <gaughen> so can wait for julian-k?

 15:41 <vorlon> so should-fix but we don't need to get it assigned right now

 15:41 <vorlon> gaughen: I think so

 15:43 <vorlon> bdmurray: others to discuss?

 15:43 <bdmurray> there are still a coule of highs

 15:43 <bdmurray> bug 1796275

 15:43 <ubottu> bug 1796275 in casper (Ubuntu Disco) "Screen reader is not auto-enabled on first login if enabled when installing" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1796275

 15:43 <cyphermox> I had a look, discussed this with the desktop team

 15:44 <bdmurray> during this cycle?

 15:44 <cyphermox> they know what needs to happen re. whatever dconf keys need to be poked

 15:44 <cyphermox> yes

 15:44 <cyphermox> it should have been fixed already, but it's a rather large ugly script in casper

 15:45 <cyphermox> ok, it's in disco

 15:46 <bdmurray> version 1.403

 15:46 <bdmurray> I'll close the bug

 15:46 <bdmurray> How much more time do we have?

 15:46 <gaughen> 14 minutes.

 15:46 <cyphermox> next topic?

 15:47 <cyphermox> #topic Team proposed-migration report

 15:48 <cyphermox> #link http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs

 15:50 <vorlon> short list at this point in the cycle

 15:50 <vorlon> fuse, I think we agree that's not critical at this point

 15:50 <vorlon> otoh fuse-zip may wind up being an ignorable regression in release, judging by the glibc results

 15:51 <vorlon> multipath-tools, also not critical so probably ignorable

 15:51 <vorlon> update-notifier, somehow a regression, juliank uploaded but he's not around to follow up

 15:52 <vorlon> (also not critical for disco release, that's more important for trusty)

 15:52 <cyphermox> multipath-tools; yeah, ignorable

 15:52 <vorlon> glibc, discussed and being worked on

 15:52 <cyphermox> trying to debootstrap against debian

 15:52 <vorlon> pyparted, that's the wtf build failure

 15:52 <infinity> update-notifier is just a PEP8 failure, no?

 15:52 <infinity> That should be easy.

 15:53 <vorlon> infinity: are you volunteering to take it? should be easy but also not critical for disco release

 15:53 <cyphermox> weee

 15:53 <infinity> I'm fine with taking it.

 15:53 <vorlon> ok

 15:53 <infinity> But also, screw PEP8.

 15:53 <vorlon> the rest of the newer stuff, I think we can trust will shake out over the next week if it's critical for release

 15:54 <vorlon> cyphermox: next topic, I think?

 15:55 <cyphermox> #topic AOB

 15:55 <infinity> NOB

 15:55 <cyphermox> what other bidness?

 15:56 <vorlon> sounds like nothing

 15:56 <vorlon> :)

 15:57 <cyphermox> good

 15:57 <cyphermox> I'm waiting a couple of minutes to #endmeeting on the hour.

 15:57 <cyphermox> not.

 15:57 <cyphermox> #endmeeeting

 15:57 <rbalint> o/

 13:05 <cyphermox> didrocks: cpaelzer: doko: jamespage: jdstrand: MIR team meeting?

 13:05 <jamespage> o/

 13:09 <cpaelzer> here

 13:12 <cyphermox> ok; well, it's release week, how about we expedite the meeting and cut to the important parts

 13:13 <cyphermox> are there any pressing matters that need to be addressed now?

 13:13 <cyphermox> as in, things that need to be done prior to release

 13:14 <didrocks> not that I know of

 13:21 <cpaelzer> no pressing pre-disco things from sevrer team

 13:22 <cpaelzer> "server"

 13:23 <cyphermox> cool; so let's focus on the release.

 13:24 <cyphermox> cpaelzer: I'm finishing the review of uwsgi todat

 13:28 <cpaelzer> thank you

 13:28 <cpaelzer> cyphermox: I ahve engaged with upstream on the twitter-bootrsap 3->4 move

 13:28 <cpaelzer> but that will take a while

 13:28 <cpaelzer> it seems upstream mailman have looked at the transition already, but it is far from trivial

 13:29 <cpaelzer> therefore I gave it over to security for their review

 13:47 <cyphermox> cool

 13:12 <cyphermox> doko: cpaelzer: didrocks: jdstrand: MIR team meeting?

 13:12 <cyphermox> or do I need to adjust my calendar

 13:13 <jamespage> cyphermox: nope I think its now ;)

 13:13 <cpaelzer> hi

 13:13 <cpaelzer> it is now for sure

 13:13 <cpaelzer> cyphermox: sorry for uwsgi being so ugly

 13:16 <cyphermox> you didn't write it

 13:16 <cyphermox> I already knew it was a mess, I tried to snap it before.

 13:16 <cyphermox> anyone want to chair so I can go grab coffee downstairs?

 13:18 <cpaelzer> I can chair, doesn't always have to be you

 13:18 <cpaelzer> let me just fetch the wiki content to do so ...

 13:19 <meetingology> cpaelzer: Error: Can't start another meeting, one is in progress.

 13:19 <cpaelzer> uh

 13:19 <cpaelzer> some other meeting is still in progress

 13:19 <cpaelzer> reading backlog here ...

 13:19 <cpaelzer> can'

 13:20 <cpaelzer> can't see any, is it fair to endmeeting this unconditionally

 13:20 <cpaelzer> I hope we are allowed to do so

 13:20 <cpaelzer> #endmeeting

 13:20 <meetingology> cpaelzer: Error: Can't start another meeting, one is in progress.

 13:20 <cpaelzer> nope reliably tells me "Error: Can't start another meeting, one is in progres" anyone having more status in this channel?

 13:21 <cpaelzer> OTOH worst case we can also continue less formally

 13:21 <cpaelzer> #commands

 13:21 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 13:24 <cyphermox> heh, no matter

 13:24 <cyphermox> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)