== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team, 21 Nov at 16:01 &mdash; 16:45 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2019/ubuntu-meeting.2019-11-21-16.01.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning rounds ===
The discussion about "Lightning rounds" started at 16:01.


=== Release incoming bugs ===
The discussion about "Release incoming bugs" started at 16:10.

  * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ff-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs 
  * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-bb-incoming-bug-tasks.html 

=== Team proposed-migration report ===
The discussion about "Team proposed-migration report" started at 16:25.

  * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs 

=== AOB ===
The discussion about "AOB" started at 16:37.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * bdmurray (61)
 * cyphermox (19)
 * ubottu (16)
 * sil2100 (15)
 * rbalint (13)
 * doko (11)
 * tdaitx (9)
 * waveform (7)
 * meetingology (3)
 * juliank (2)



== Full Log ==


 16:01 <bdmurray> #startmeeting Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team

 16:01 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Nov 21 16:01:22 2019 UTC.  The chair is bdmurray. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:01 <meetingology> 

 16:01 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 16:01 <bdmurray> #topic Lightning rounds

 16:02 <bdmurray> xnox waveform juliank doko infinity rbalint tdaitx cyphermox vorlon bdmurray mwhudson sil2100

 16:02 <bdmurray> xnox: !

 16:02 <sil2100> WIN

 16:02 <bdmurray> waveform: how about you?

 16:03 <waveform> * Looked at i3pystatus migration

 16:03 <waveform> * Tested kernel fixes for USB storage issue on Pi2/3/3+ (LP: #1852510); both dwc2 and fixed dwcotg fixes appear to work - no detectable load / performance difference with dwc2

 16:03 <waveform> * Worked on combined gadget snap Pi classic & core (with view to aiding similar development for Nitrogen i.MX6)

 16:03 <waveform> * Worked on pi configuration tool some more

 16:03 <waveform> (done)

 16:03 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1852510 in linux-raspi2 (Ubuntu Eoan) "IO errors when writing large amounts of data to USB storage in eoan on RPI2/3 (armhf kernel)" [Critical,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1852510

 16:03 <bdmurray> doko:

 16:04 <doko> sorry, will go last

 16:04 <bdmurray> infinity is ill

 16:04 <bdmurray> rbalint:

 16:04 <rbalint> (very short week)

 16:04 <rbalint> * partner work

 16:04 <rbalint> * other partner work

 16:04 <rbalint> * discussions related to systemd

 16:04 <rbalint> * patch for LP: #1853343

 16:04 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1853343 in wslu (Ubuntu) "Please detect sound and X server in WSL2, too" [Undecided,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1853343

 16:04 <rbalint> (done)

 16:05 <bdmurray> tdaitx:

 16:05 <tdaitx> Short week: sick and out on Monday and Tuesday, recovering on Wednesday

 16:05 <tdaitx> * fixed sbuild to run on focal (LP: #1852677 + one single line patch to use the right module when calling urlrequest)

 16:05 <tdaitx> * dask autopkgtests

 16:05 <tdaitx> * whoopsie upstream sync

 16:05 <tdaitx> * testing apport O_PATH fix (LP: #1851806)

 16:05 <tdaitx> Other:

 16:05 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1852677 in sbuild-launchpad-chroot (Ubuntu) "sbuild focal python3 import errors" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1852677

 16:05 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1851806 in apport (Ubuntu) "'module' object has no attribute 'O_PATH'" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1851806

 16:05 <tdaitx> - starting the days a bit late while I try to shift my sleep back to normal

 16:05 <tdaitx> (done)

 16:06 <cyphermox> watching shim signing RT

 16:06 <cyphermox> validating grub SRU for TPM error (LP: #1848892)

 16:06 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1848892 in grub2 (Ubuntu Eoan) ""error: Unknown TPM error." after upgrading to grub 2.04" [High,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1848892

 16:06 <cyphermox> validating grub SRU for EFI chainloader (LP: #1845289)

 16:06 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1845289 in grub2 (Ubuntu Eoan) "Grub EFI amd64 no longer start EFI/Microsoft/Boot/bootmgfw.efi" [High,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1845289

 16:06 <cyphermox> updating WALinuxAgent

 16:06 <cyphermox> working on netplan NM plugin

 16:06 <cyphermox> (done)

 16:06 <bdmurray> vorlon: ?

 16:08 <bdmurray> alright me then

 16:08 <bdmurray> updated daisy code not to request amd64 cores that failed to retrace

 16:08 <bdmurray> submitted RT, MP regarding updating daisy code for the above

 16:08 <bdmurray> updated errors code fixing http://launchpad.net/bugs/1844694

 16:08 <bdmurray> submitted RT, MP regarding updating errors code for the above

 16:08 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1844694 in Errors "Using snap=True in the url doesn't work" [High,In progress]

 16:08 <bdmurray> uploaded update-manager SRU for 16.04 fixing http://launchpad.net/bugs/1849004

 16:08 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1849004 in update-manager (Ubuntu Xenial) "update-manager stopped loading update descriptions / changelog" [Medium,Fix committed]

 16:08 <bdmurray> merged tdaitx's latest whoopsie security fix

 16:08 <bdmurray> âœ” done

 16:08 <bdmurray> sil2100:

 16:08 <sil2100> - Was off on Monday

 16:08 <sil2100> - SRU reviews and releases

 16:08 <sil2100> - SRU meeting

 16:08 <sil2100> - Lots of kernel reviews

 16:08 <sil2100> - Work and discussions regarding the Raspberry Pi support

 16:08 <sil2100> - Modifying the examples page for netplan, adding a directly-connected IPv6 gateway example

 16:08 <sil2100> - Tested the sanity-report for language-pack validation

 16:09 <sil2100> - Helped out with some image building questions for OEM purposes

 16:09 <sil2100> - Started the ubuntu-image release process

 16:09 <sil2100> (done)

 16:09 <cyphermox> sil2100: <3

 16:09 <bdmurray> doko: its back to you now

 16:09 <doko> - more fun with the python3.8 addition

 16:09 <doko> - pytest now migrated, thanks to mwhudson

 16:09 <doko> - python3-defaults down to one autopkg test regression

 16:09 <doko> - helping out debian with the python3.8 start

 16:09 <doko> - python3.7 update for eoan

 16:09 <doko> - some python unrelated proposed-migration work

 16:09 <doko> (done)

 16:10 <bdmurray> #topic Release incoming bugs

 16:10 <bdmurray> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ff-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 16:11 <bdmurray> cyphermox: last week I think you said something about bug 1845529 am I remembering correctly?

 16:11 <ubottu> bug 1845529 in bash-completion (Ubuntu) "bash completion shows `awk: line 18: function gensub never defined` on `umount /dev/<Tab>`" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1845529

 16:12 <cyphermox> bdmurray: mea culpa, I said a lot of things about bugs last week and forgot to create the cards

 16:12 <cyphermox> but maybe we should have a leader approve things to go on backlog anyway

 16:12 <doko> just got the email that python3-defaults migrated \o/

 16:12 <doko> mwhudson: ^^^

 16:12 <bdmurray> cyphermox: I believe I cleaned that up when reviewing the minutes

 16:12 <cyphermox> bdmurray: ack

 16:12 <bdmurray> anyway have you done anything with bug 1845529?

 16:12 <ubottu> bug 1845529 in bash-completion (Ubuntu) "bash completion shows `awk: line 18: function gensub never defined` on `umount /dev/<Tab>`" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1845529

 16:12 <cyphermox> not yet, no

 16:13 <bdmurray> okay, I think its actually an upstream issue to sort

 16:13 <bdmurray> bug 1853164

 16:13 <ubottu> bug 1853164 in systemd (Ubuntu) "systemd: /etc/dhcp/dhclient-enter-hooks.d/resolved error" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1853164

 16:15 <rbalint> bdmurray, i think it is not a super important one

 16:15 <rbalint> bdmurray, but we can take it

 16:15 <bdmurray> sometimes its good to take patchs so we get new contributors regardless of the importance

 16:15 <bdmurray> I'll card it then.

 16:16 <cyphermox> it's a trivial and obviously correct fix too

 16:16 <bdmurray> 2 software properties test failures

 16:17 <bdmurray> actually it looks like coreycb is on both of these

 16:17 <bdmurray> although he'd like a +1 on bug 1852772

 16:17 <ubottu> bug 1852772 in software-properties (Ubuntu) "test_updates_interval fails on focal" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1852772

 16:18 <bdmurray> cyphermox: could you have a quick look at that?

 16:19 <bdmurray> sil2100: Have you gotten anywhere with bug 1848144?

 16:19 <ubottu> bug 1848144 in ubiquity (Ubuntu) "Screen reader isn't enabled on login screen or user session after installation" [Undecided,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1848144

 16:19 <bdmurray> I guess we should card bug 1851346 too

 16:19 <ubottu> bug 1851346 in ubiquity (Ubuntu) "Ubuntu Studio 19.10 Installer Causes Wanted Programs to be Removed" [Undecided,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1851346

 16:20 <bdmurray> are there any objections?

 16:20 <bdmurray> alright I'll card that too

 16:20 <sil2100> bdmurray: not yet!

 16:21 <cyphermox> bdmurray: having a look at test_updates_interval bug; roger

 16:21 <bdmurray> I still need to cleanup rls-ee but I don't see anything new

 16:23 <bdmurray> http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-bb-incoming-bug-tasks.html

 16:23 <bdmurray> cyphermox: bug 1848880?

 16:23 <ubottu> bug 1848880 in debian-installer (Ubuntu) "Server 18.04.3 OEM Install option doesn't work" [Undecided,Incomplete] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1848880

 16:23 <bdmurray> tdaitx: you are working on bug 1838740 right?

 16:23 <ubottu> bug 1838740 in openjdk-lts (Ubuntu) "libjawt.so inconsistency lets JVM crash" [Undecided,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1838740

 16:23 <tdaitx> bdmurray: yes, I will be =)

 16:24 <bdmurray> okay lets target that then

 16:24 <cyphermox> bdmurray: we had the OEM bug in lists before, and it went back to prioritized queue because we needed to reprioritize stuff

 16:24 <bdmurray> cyphermox: ack

 16:25 <cyphermox> well, either queue or backlog, but we definitely had a card for it

 16:25 <bdmurray> #topic Team proposed-migration report

 16:25 <rbalint> the last comment in the OEM bug is that it now works for the reporter

 16:27 <bdmurray> https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs

 16:28 <bdmurray> so that report is out of date as python3-defaults has migrated correct?

 16:28 <cyphermox> rbalint: yup, but let's be thorough I'll give it a spin here too

 16:29 <bdmurray> Is there anything we need to hand out here?

 16:29 <cyphermox> libheif is in progress for Security team (it's still the same MIR, being reviewed)

 16:29 <rbalint> i pick python-colorama because why not :-)

 16:30 <bdmurray> rbalint: thanks!

 16:30 <bdmurray> python-setuptools?

 16:32 <waveform> I can take the arm stuff? python-tinyrpc and theano?

 16:32 <bdmurray> I may have time to look at that

 16:33 <rbalint> python-tinyrpc seems to be broken in release

 16:33 <rbalint> but still worth fixing probably

 16:33 <waveform> hmm, actually both just look like they're missing python2 bits

 16:33 <bdmurray> waveform: thanks

 16:33 <bdmurray> I'll look at apport too

 16:34 <cyphermox> I can do gawk

 16:34 <bdmurray> cyphermox: thanks

 16:34 <rbalint> i take dijitso and libcap2

 16:34 <doko> all the python-* stuff there is about the python2 removal probably

 16:37 <bdmurray> #topic AOB

 16:38 <bdmurray> 11/28 is a holiday in the US

 16:38 <bdmurray> So can somebody else chair the meeting?

 16:39 <bdmurray> cyphermox: ^^

 16:40 <sil2100> If cyphermox can't, I can volunteer

 16:40 <bdmurray> sil2100: its you then!

 16:40 <cyphermox> ok

 16:41 <bdmurray> I'm also out Wed and Fri of next week.

 16:41 * sil2100 will try not to forget

 16:43 <bdmurray> anything else?

 16:43 <sil2100> Nothing here

 16:44 <juliank> I'm partially back starting monday

 16:44 <juliank> well I'll be

 16:45 <bdmurray> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)