== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team, 08 Aug at 15:03 &mdash; 15:31 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2019/ubuntu-meeting.2019-08-08-15.03.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning rounds ===
The discussion about "Lightning rounds" started at 15:03.


=== Release incoming bugs ===
The discussion about "Release incoming bugs" started at 15:10.

  * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ee-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs 

=== Team proposed-migration report ===
The discussion about "Team proposed-migration report" started at 15:12.

  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs 

=== AOB ===
The discussion about "AOB" started at 15:27.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * rbalint (38)
 * sil2100 (29)
 * vorlon (23)
 * cyphermox (16)
 * xnox (14)
 * juliank (9)
 * gaughen (8)
 * waveform (5)
 * ubottu (3)
 * meetingology (3)



== Full Log ==


 15:03 <rbalint> #startmeeting Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team

 15:03 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Aug  8 15:03:07 2019 UTC.  The chair is rbalint. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 15:03 <meetingology> 

 15:03 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 15:03 <rbalint> #topic Lightning rounds

 15:03 <rbalint> echo $(shuf -e vorlon bdmurray xnox tdaitx sil2100 rbalint cyphermox mwhudson juliank waveform)

 15:03 <rbalint> sil2100 mwhudson juliank bdmurray waveform cyphermox tdaitx xnox vorlon rbalint

 15:03 <sil2100> Oh no

 15:04 <sil2100> - SRU reviews and releases

 15:04 <sil2100> - A few quick kernel reviews

 15:04 <sil2100> - 18.04.3:

 15:04 <sil2100> * Preparing and formatting the changelog

 15:04 <sil2100> * Poking people for testing

 15:04 <sil2100> * Fixing download urls for netboot images on the isotracker

 15:04 <sil2100> * Spinning ubuntu-core 16 and 18 images, iterating on testing

 15:04 <sil2100> * Linked core release process wiki to the PointReleaseProcess

 15:04 <sil2100> - Moved libpwquality in l-o-m from gnome to the common langpack packages

 15:04 <sil2100> - NEW review of ibus-avro

 15:04 <sil2100> - disk-space-estimate for snaps: change ready, finishing writing basic tests

 15:04 <sil2100> - Proposed an MP for livecd-rootfs to add the system-boot NoCloud datasource for all ubuntu-image images

 15:04 <sil2100> - Investigating reports of slow pi bootup time - we might want to consider backporting livecd-rootfs changes to bionic

 15:04 <sil2100> (done)

 15:04 <sil2100> (and I'm out the next 2 weeks)

 15:05 * sil2100 pokes juliank

 15:05 * juliank is poked

 15:06 <juliank> but desktop buggy

 15:06 <juliank> * Hack around broken procenv in eoan breaking sbuild and pbuilder autopkgtest everywhere

 15:06 <juliank> * hotfix python-apt so snapd builds in eoan (LP: #1837926), needs a cleaner fix, but that needs work in bindings

 15:06 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1837926 in snapd (Ubuntu Eoan) "snapd snap ftbfs in eoan due to python-apt regression" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1837926

 15:06 <juliank> * Released apt  1.9.2

 15:06 <juliank> * Verify dpkg SRUs

 15:06 <juliank> * Answered questions about which apt binary packages need upgrading needed for trusty ESM

 15:06 <juliank> * Some initial analysis and workarounds in autopkgtest for the i386 autopkgtest queue being stuck, which turned out to be a gnutls bug (LP: #1839354)

 15:06 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1839354 in gnutls28 (Ubuntu) "gnutls28 requires write and executable bits" [Critical,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1839354

 15:06 <juliank> (done)

 15:06 <waveform> * Worked on pi4 kernel patches; got a cleanly building tree under armhf (currently building arm64) which works on pi3 but not pi4 yet, still stripping out irrelevant patches

 15:06 <waveform> * Further testing on pi4-compatible u-boot; found it's semi-compatible across pi versions but we *may* still need conditional boot sections

 15:06 <waveform> * Built patches for u-boot postinst & pi gadget to handle conditional boot sections

 15:06 <waveform> * Investigating boot issue on arm64 pi images (appears to be kernel framebuffer)

 15:06 <waveform> (done)

 15:06 <cyphermox> I'll be off tomorrow, and Monday-Tuesday next week

 15:06 <cyphermox> libuv1 shepherding from -proposed: uploaded new nodejs with upstream fix

 15:06 <cyphermox> Rerunning various node-* autopkgtests

 15:06 <cyphermox> Writing the OpenVSwitch support spec for netplan

 15:07 <cyphermox> trying to get review for the NM plugin spec for netplan

 15:07 <cyphermox> Looked into no-writable-files-in-/etc for UC20

 15:07 <cyphermox> shim update: didn't get reviewed get, will do a new snapshot

 15:07 <cyphermox> preparing netplan release with the recently merged PRs

 15:07 <cyphermox> üÄÑ

 15:07 <xnox> tdaitx not in the channel?

 15:07 <xnox> * sprint last week

 15:07 <xnox> * prepared openvpn-server update for trusty / esm / #is

 15:07 <xnox> * prepared initrd updates for microcode handling on core16/18

 15:07 <xnox> * patches to linux-snap to use the right microcode packages

 15:07 <xnox> * expenses / notes / post-sprint jetlag (more to do)

 15:07 <xnox> * core20 snap, it build! it boots! console-conf fails!

 15:07 <xnox> * fixing console-conf... as it was not touched for like 2+ years

 15:07 <xnox> * lots of s390x tickets to work on

 15:08 <xnox> * attempt to unbreak unattended-upgrades pyflakes adt regression

 15:08 <xnox> * refreshed ubiquity

 15:08 <xnox> * new upstream release of s390-tools

 15:08 <xnox> done...

 15:08 <xnox> vorlon:

 15:08 <vorlon> * worked with juliank and mwhudson to fix a gnutls28 bug on i386 that was breaking autopkgtests (LP: #1839354)

 15:08 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1839354 in gnutls28 (Ubuntu) "gnutls28 requires write and executable bits" [Critical,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1839354

 15:08 <vorlon> * proposed-migration curling

 15:08 <vorlon> * preparation for kicking off public i386 discussion

 15:08 <vorlon> * reviews of netplan PRs

 15:08 <vorlon> * off tomorrow

 15:08 <vorlon> (done)

 15:09 <rbalint> * uploaded wslu 2.3.0

 15:09 <rbalint> * reopened MIR for libnftnl

 15:09 <rbalint> * verified and announced new WSL tarballs

 15:09 <rbalint> * uploaded unattended-upgrades 1.14 fixing a few recent issues

 15:09 <rbalint> * merged systemd 242-rc1, poking it to migrate

 15:09 <rbalint> * other proposed migration work

 15:09 <rbalint> (done)

 15:09 <rbalint> any questions?

 15:09 <cyphermox> rbalint: fwiw, libnftnl approved.

 15:09 <cyphermox> (it had already been MIRed, etc. etc.)

 15:09 <rbalint> cyphermox, thanks!

 15:10 <cyphermox> rbalint: carry on I guess :)

 15:10 <gaughen> what is that picture cyphermox ?

 15:10 <cyphermox> what picture?

 15:10 <rbalint> #topic Release incoming bugs

 15:10 <gaughen> üÄÑ

 15:10 <rbalint> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ee-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 15:10 <cyphermox> gaughen: a mahjong tile

 15:10 <gaughen> aaaah

 15:10 <gaughen> I couldn't tell

 15:10 <sil2100> It's a red dragon I guess?

 15:10 <gaughen> I put glasses on to try and see if that would help

 15:11 <gaughen> I thought it was a bow/arrow

 15:11 <gaughen> and he was indicating doneness by shooting an arrow at the next person

 15:11 <rbalint> hmm, no high or unclassified there.

 15:11 <rbalint> Bionic does not have new bugs either

 15:11 <sil2100> rbalint: guess we can move on then

 15:12 <rbalint> #topic Team proposed-migration report

 15:12 <rbalint> #link http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs

 15:12 <rbalint> imagemagick is blocked on libheif mir

 15:12 <rbalint> i fixed unattended-upgrades regression for debconf

 15:14 <vorlon> rbalint: are you retrying the tests against new unattended-upgrades in -proposed?

 15:14 <rbalint> vorlon, yep

 15:15 <vorlon> ok

 15:15 <vorlon> xnox: btrfs-progs still blocked on curtin, and your comment to me on IRC did not give me clarity

 15:15 <rbalint> prometheus-blackbox-exporter is still sad, and i faced 404 in other tests from ftpmaster.internal

 15:15 <rbalint> i think there is something with ftpmaster.internal

 15:15 <vorlon> xnox: are you reverting this btrfs-progs change again, or are you teaching the curtin maintainers about or'ed dependencies?

 15:16 <vorlon> rbalint: if that's only on i386, that's the gnutls28 ubg

 15:16 <vorlon> bug

 15:17 <rbalint> vorlon, ok

 15:17 <vorlon> because systemd-resolved links against libgnutls, confinement means text relocations were rejected at startup time, name resolution fails if your env pulled gnutls from -proposed

 15:17 <vorlon> so yeah, I've retried that one now

 15:17 <vorlon> (the log clearly shows it trying to pull all packages from -proposed and then falling over)

 15:22 <rbalint> debconf: i'll retry with new u-u

 15:22 <rbalint> any taker for openssh?

 15:23 <vorlon> it's i386, I'm retrying it

 15:23 <vorlon> (and reading the logs afterwards)

 15:24 <vorlon> but I'll follow up

 15:24 <rbalint> u-u is mine

 15:24 <vorlon> it looks, at best, a flaky test

 15:24 <sil2100> livecd-rootfs - looks like it just needs a re-run, apparently the tests were running at a wrong moment

 15:25 <sil2100> Let me re-run it

 15:25 <vorlon> golang-1.12-race-detector-runtime seems to be just plain missing from the archive

 15:25 <cyphermox> I have been looking into netplan. I guess I better check what's up with pyyaml

 15:25 <vorlon> (so, golang-defaults blocked on the Debian maintainers)

 15:26 <rbalint> vorlon, ack

 15:26 <rbalint> cyphermox, do you take pyyaml then?

 15:26 <cyphermox> yessir.

 15:26 <rbalint> cyphermox, thanks!

 15:27 <rbalint> libvpx looks ok

 15:27 <vorlon> libvpx is a lib transition

 15:27 <vorlon> I'll kick off some rebuilds

 15:27 <rbalint> vorlon, ok, thanks!

 15:27 <rbalint> #topic AOB

 15:29 <gaughen> rbalint, did we finish the proposed-migration list?

 15:29 <rbalint> gaughen, yes

 15:30 <sil2100> No AOB from me

 15:30 <rbalint> so if there is no AOB, i'm closing the meeting in 1m :-)

 15:30 <sil2100> Well, there is one thing...

 15:30 <sil2100> It's international cat day

 15:30 <sil2100> I guess that's important enough to discuss as AOB?

 15:31 <rbalint> sil2100, i should have used shuf | cat

 15:31 <sil2100> !

 15:31 <sil2100> ;)

 15:31 <sil2100> üêà

 15:31 <sil2100> (but seriously, no other AOB here)

 15:31 <rbalint> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)