== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team, 30 May at 15:04 &mdash; 15:35 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2019/ubuntu-meeting.2019-05-30-15.04.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning rounds ===
The discussion about "Lightning rounds" started at 15:04.


=== Release incoming bugs (eoan) ===
The discussion about "Release incoming bugs (eoan)" started at 15:13.

  * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ee-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs 

=== Team proposed-migration report ===
The discussion about "Team proposed-migration report" started at 15:27.

  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs 

=== AOB ===
The discussion about "AOB" started at 15:33.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * xnox (37)
 * bdmurray (27)
 * waveform (21)
 * sil2100 (21)
 * vorlon (20)
 * ubottu (9)
 * tdaitx (8)
 * cyphermox (8)
 * meetingology (3)



== Full Log ==


 15:04 <waveform> #startmeeting Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team

 15:04 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu May 30 15:04:04 2019 UTC.  The chair is waveform. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 15:04 <meetingology> 

 15:04 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 15:04 <waveform> #topic Lightning rounds

 15:04 <waveform> echo $(shuf -e vorlon bdmurray xnox tdaitx doko sil2100 rbalint infinity cyphermox mwhudson juliank waveform)

 15:04 <waveform> doko juliank waveform infinity sil2100 vorlon tdaitx cyphermox rbalint bdmurray mwhudson xnox

 15:05 <vorlon> doko: are you here?

 15:06 <bdmurray> waveform: why don't you go?

 15:06 <waveform> okey dokey

 15:06 <waveform> * u-boot merge from debian/sid

 15:06 <waveform> * testing merged u-boot with eoan-nightly on pi2, pi3, etc. etc.

 15:06 <waveform> * confirmed pi3 nightly armhf image still works on pi2; should be fine to remove pi2 images from eoan

 15:06 <waveform> * responding to comments on pi "amazing" spec

 15:06 <waveform> * PR'd changes to seed cloud-init from boot partition (still need to push changes to livecd-rootfs for this to actually work, but the seed files are now in the right place)

 15:06 <waveform> * discussed merging bluetooth updates from classic to core

 15:06 <waveform> (done)

 15:06 <bdmurray> infinity isn't in the channel

 15:06 <waveform> sil2100, ?

 15:07 <sil2100> o/

 15:07 <sil2100> - SRU reviews and releases

 15:07 <sil2100> - Kernel SRU reviews

 15:07 <sil2100> - SRU meeting

 15:07 <sil2100> - Britney's SRU ADT regression reporting:

 15:07 <sil2100> * Still running in dry-run mode

 15:07 <sil2100> * Fixed state save and restore, added some test coverage

 15:07 <sil2100> * Checked if things seem to be working correctly and so far everything looks good

 15:07 <sil2100> - Merged Dave's pi3-gadget classic changes

 15:07 <sil2100> - Fixed failing raspi3 builds due to missing multiverse-enabled sources.list in pi3-gadget's recently merged changes

 15:07 <sil2100> - Investigated and fixed core18's FTBFS caused by ubuntu-base tarballs now shipping empty /dev

 15:07 <sil2100> - DMB duties

 15:07 <sil2100> - More poking regarding testing of the security-only toolchain rebuilds

 15:07 <sil2100> - Prepared GKE-related changes for docker.io and containerd, updated the containerd version for their PPA

 15:07 <sil2100> - Some NEW re-reviews

 15:07 <sil2100> - Pi Bluetooth meeting sync

 15:07 <sil2100> - Looking into various ways of solving the /boot/grub classic gadget-based image thingy

 15:07 <sil2100> (done)

 15:08 <waveform> vorlon?

 15:09 <vorlon> * SRUs: getting closer to openssl 1.1.1 packageset being releasable to bionic

 15:09 <vorlon> * SRU team meeting, good discussions, will lead to some minor updates to the SRU policy which I'm on the hook to draft

 15:09 <vorlon> * out of office tomorrow for a customer visit in the Bay

 15:09 <vorlon> * discussions around Netplan features for 19.10

 15:09 <vorlon> (done)

 15:09 <tdaitx> * trying to get bionic/cosmic/disco fixes released for tomcat8, netbeans, and scilab (LP: #1825604, LP: #1828427, LP: #1825037, LP: #1827090)

 15:09 <tdaitx> * no reproducer for LP: #1811695, discussing gathered data with juliank

 15:09 <tdaitx> * working on report tool for packages removed from debian that may affect proposed

 15:09 <tdaitx> Other:

 15:09 <tdaitx> - reading through the FUD on openjdk builds (ML, Y combinator, twitter)

 15:09 <tdaitx> - testing debian's proposed openjdk watch file (based on mercurial instead of upstream tarballs)

 15:09 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1825604 in netbeans (Ubuntu) "Netbeans 10 requires openjdk-11" [Undecided,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1825604

 15:09 <tdaitx> (done)

 15:09 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1828427 in netbeans (Debian) "Netbeans fails to create a java project with NoSuchMethodError" [Unknown,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1828427

 15:09 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1825037 in scilab (Ubuntu) "scilab-cli and scilab-adv-cli does not start on bionic, cosmic, disco and eoan" [Undecided,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1825037

 15:09 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1827090 in tomcat8 (Ubuntu) ""-1" instead of "8005" in tomcat8-instance-create" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1827090

 15:09 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1811695 in update-manager (Ubuntu Disco) "/usr/bin/update-manager:RuntimeError(org.freedesktop.DBus.Python.RuntimeError):_on_clicked:_deferable..." [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1811695

 15:10 <tdaitx> cyphermox: go!

 15:10 <cyphermox> I was sick on Tuesday :(

 15:10 <cyphermox> netplan OVS integration brainstorm

 15:10 <cyphermox> debugging NetworkManager autopkgtests failure on ppc64el

 15:10 <cyphermox> initial porting NM autopkgtests to gir1.2-nm-1.0

 15:10 <cyphermox> travel planning/booking

 15:10 <cyphermox> started grub2 merge

 15:10 <cyphermox> partner work

 15:10 <cyphermox> (done)

 15:10 <bdmurray> rbalint is out

 15:10 <waveform> bdmurray, then you're up :)

 15:10 <bdmurray> modified apport contents mapping file to include more paths for executables

 15:10 <bdmurray> tested apport changes in staging error tracker (good!)

 15:10 <bdmurray> submitted MP and RT regarding deploying apport r3251 in production

 15:10 <bdmurray> submitted RT re retracers failing to connect to cassandra

 15:10 <bdmurray> helped IS resolve an issue with firewall configs for the Error Tracker

 15:10 <bdmurray> created better retracer retracing result graphs

 15:10 <bdmurray> special SRU reviews of software-properties, mutter, gnome-shell, epiphany-browser

 15:11 <bdmurray> Ubuntu SRU team meeting

 15:11 <bdmurray> investigation into tar and xattrs support

 15:11 <bdmurray> short week as Monday was a US holiday

 15:11 <bdmurray> done

 15:11 <bdmurray> xnox:

 15:12 <xnox> my turn

 15:12 <xnox> * reviewed and uploaded some systemd patches into eoan

 15:12 <xnox> * fixedup -perl bionic openssl SRUs

 15:12 <xnox> * fixedup disco openssl SRU

 15:12 <xnox> * worked on secureboot for s390x packaging changes / proof of concept

 15:12 <xnox> * trying to chase steam-runtime maintainers

 15:12 <xnox> * made a few (dead)livefs-rootfs merge proposals to prune things

 15:12 <xnox> * confused about preffered initrd compression algo

 15:12 <xnox> = Blocked on =

 15:12 <xnox> SRU bionic

 15:12 <xnox> * libnet-ssleay-perl (1m 25 days)

 15:12 <xnox> * libww-perl  (9 days)

 15:12 <xnox> * libio-socket-ssl-perl (0 days)

 15:12 <xnox> * finalrd SRU bionic NEW (7 days)

 15:12 <xnox> SRU cosmic NEW

 15:12 <xnox> * python-tornado4 (1m 25 days)

 15:12 <xnox> SRU disco

 15:12 <xnox> * openssl (1 day)

 15:12 <xnox> end

 15:13 <waveform> #topic Release incoming bugs (eoan)

 15:13 <waveform> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ee-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 15:13 <bdmurray> bug 1821252

 15:13 <ubottu> bug 1821252 in friendly-recovery (Ubuntu Eoan) "systemctl set-default breaks recovery mode" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1821252

 15:14 <xnox> yeah, i should take it

 15:14 <bdmurray> It looks like support is working on it

 15:14 <xnox> it looks legit

 15:14 <bdmurray> so we could tag it notfixing since foundations isn't working on it

 15:14 <xnox> bdmurray:  i can't tell if support is working on it; or if they are having a "community hobby" to apply for coredev

 15:15 <bdmurray> xnox: its tagged sts

 15:15 <xnox> bdmurray:  ah interesting.

 15:15 <xnox> bdmurray:  i should at least merge it into upstream / eoan

 15:16 <bdmurray> well we can drop the rls-ee-incoming tag at least since it has an Eoan task

 15:16 <xnox> yeah

 15:17 <bdmurray> If you do the Eoan bit that's great. So moving on

 15:18 <bdmurray> we talked about bug 1494851 last week but its not clear to me if its an issue in Eoan

 15:18 <ubottu> bug 1494851 in cryptsetup (Ubuntu) "initramfs cryptroot hook script doesn't install cryptsetup if keyfile but no keyscript" [High,Incomplete] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1494851

 15:19 <xnox> it's not an issue in Eoan, because of the package split

 15:19 <xnox> only older releases

 15:19 <xnox> and i did say last week i will look into it..... but failed

 15:19 <bdmurray> so then we should flip it to Fix Released for Eoan

 15:19 <xnox> ok

 15:20 <xnox> done

 15:20 <bdmurray> bug 1218702 I feel like we talked about that too

 15:20 <ubottu> bug 1218702 in ubiquity (Ubuntu) "ubiquity resizes partition even when not asked to." [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1218702

 15:22 <vorlon> yeah, declined to commit

 15:22 <vorlon> (bdmurray fixing tags)

 15:22 <bdmurray> bug 1779639

 15:22 <ubottu> bug 1779639 in update-notifier (Ubuntu) "update-notifier does not always trigger apport for existing crashes" [Medium,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1779639

 15:24 <sil2100> That's like from last year

 15:25 <sil2100> That's so 2018

 15:25 <bdmurray> I think the question is the scope of impact

 15:26 <bdmurray> I don't think its that bad b/c you do get notified of the crash eventually.

 15:27 <waveform> #topic Team proposed-migration report

 15:27 <waveform> #link http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs

 15:29 <vorlon> the lxml/pandas ppc64el failure doesn't want to clear w/ retries

 15:29 <vorlon> does someone want to dig into that?

 15:29 <xnox> ew

 15:29 <xnox> i hate pandas

 15:30 <sil2100> I can try looking at it

 15:30 <vorlon> yes

 15:30 <vorlon> sil2100: thanks :)

 15:32 <vorlon> ubiquity is blocked by needing the flavors' seeds updated before landing the package split

 15:32 <vorlon> I will take that one for followup

 15:32 <vorlon> everything else on there is new and reasonable

 15:32 <vorlon> (known flaky tests, etc)

 15:33 <xnox> vorlon:  well. it's in progress. i've been talking to Wimpress and budgie people.

 15:33 <waveform> #topic AOB

 15:33 <vorlon> xnox: ah excellent, thanks

 15:33 <vorlon> xnox: ("in progress" - how long does it take to update the seed?)

 15:33 <xnox> vorlon:  i may proposed / upload status-quo uploads for budgie if there is no response next week.

 15:33 <xnox> vorlon:  just being polite

 15:33 <vorlon> :)

 15:34 <vorlon> I have no other business

 15:35 <xnox> i'm going to watch French Tennis Open on Saturday in Paris =)

 15:35 <xnox> roland garros or whoever it is

 15:35 <waveform> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)