== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team, 11 Jul at 15:02 &mdash; 16:11 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2019/ubuntu-meeting.2019-07-11-15.02.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning rounds ===
The discussion about "Lightning rounds" started at 15:02.


=== Release incoming bugs (eoan) ===
The discussion about "Release incoming bugs (eoan)" started at 15:11.

  * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ee-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs 
  * ''LINK:'' https://git.dpkg.org/cgit/dpkg/dpkg.git/commit/?id=b5c50b3c6 

=== Release incoming bugs (bionic) ===
The discussion about "Release incoming bugs (bionic)" started at 15:50.

  * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-bb-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs 

=== Team proposed-migration report ===
The discussion about "Team proposed-migration report" started at 15:58.

  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs 

=== Chair selection for next meeting ===
The discussion about "Chair selection for next meeting" started at 16:07.


=== AOB ===
The discussion about "AOB" started at 16:10.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * vorlon (112)
 * bdmurray (58)
 * sil2100 (30)
 * juliank (22)
 * ubottu (16)
 * seb128 (16)
 * waveform (8)
 * rbalint (7)
 * tdaitx (5)
 * meetingology (3)



== Full Log ==


 15:02 <vorlon> #startmeeting Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team

 15:02 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Jul 11 15:02:05 2019 UTC.  The chair is vorlon. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 15:02 <meetingology> 

 15:02 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 15:02 <vorlon> #topic Lightning rounds

 15:02 <vorlon> echo $(shuf -e vorlon bdmurray xnox tdaitx doko sil2100 rbalint infinity cyphermox mwhudson juliank waveform)

 15:02 <vorlon> bdmurray juliank xnox rbalint tdaitx infinity doko sil2100 waveform cyphermox vorlon mwhudson

 15:02 <bdmurray> fixed a Traceback in retracing retry code, submitted RT re production update of daisy

 15:02 <bdmurray> investigated amd64 queue growth, updated daisy to save core files in another case

 15:02 <bdmurray> submitted RT regarding cassandra write timeouts

 15:02 <bdmurray> converted more of oops-repository from using pycassa to python-cassandra

 15:02 <bdmurray> sponsored gdb 18.04 SRU for manoj

 15:02 <bdmurray> uploaded better fix for motd-news.timer, wrote test case too (LP: #1829968)

 15:02 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1829968 in base-files (Ubuntu Bionic) "motd [on at least some instances] does not auto-update daily" [High,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1829968

 15:02 <bdmurray> uploaded findutils with a change so that command-not-found will not suggest locate (package)

 15:03 <bdmurray> documented / carded additional mlocate work

 15:03 <bdmurray> tested and worked with Laney on his changes to whoopsie

 15:03 <bdmurray> created a different PPA with Error Tracker packages for staging

 15:03 <bdmurray> done

 15:03 <juliank> Not really here, see https://wiki.ubuntu.com/JulianAndresKlode/Status/1907

 15:04 * juliank is running around finding groceries for dinner :(

 15:04 <vorlon> xnox is out

 15:04 <vorlon> rbalint:

 15:05 <rbalint> * released unattended-upgrades 1.13 via Debian with a few more fixes

 15:05 <rbalint> * released shadow 1:4.7-1 via to Debian

 15:05 <rbalint> * sponsored & SRU-d LP: #1835809

 15:05 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1835809 in systemd (Ubuntu) "AMD Ryzen 3000 series fails to boot" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1835809

 15:05 <rbalint> * setting up https://wiki.ubuntu.com/WSL and other WSL related tasks

 15:05 <rbalint> (done)

 15:05 <tdaitx> * jck 11

 15:05 <tdaitx> - testing different jti templates (ie. jck settings)

 15:05 <tdaitx> - setting up for manual tests

 15:05 <tdaitx> (done)

 15:05 <sil2100> Guess no doko and no infinity

 15:05 <sil2100> So it's me

 15:05 <sil2100> - Some stomach problems this week

 15:06 <sil2100> - SRU reviews and releases

 15:06 <sil2100> - New core18 release phasing

 15:06 <sil2100> - Kernel SRUs

 15:06 <sil2100> - Rust 1.35.0 update:

 15:06 <sil2100> * Wasting some time working on an out-of-date version

 15:06 <sil2100> * Pulling new upstream, refreshing patches, building tarballs

 15:06 <sil2100> * Preparing new cargo, updating the patches, lots of hacking of orig-vendor

 15:06 <sil2100> * Asked Olivier for help testing - firefox successfully built and ADT tests passing

 15:06 <sil2100> * Uploaded to eoan

 15:06 <sil2100> * Prepared backports, sent to a Bileto PPA, ready for copy to archive and/or rust PPA

 15:06 <sil2100> - ubuntu-core gadget updates:

 15:06 <sil2100> * A few PRs, working through snap build failures

 15:06 <sil2100> * Promoting snaps to beta

 15:06 <sil2100> - Final tweaks to the new automated infra for core18 snap promotion - all working now

 15:06 <sil2100> - Investigating issues with SRU ADT failure comments sent when there are no failures

 15:06 <sil2100> - Friday: working half-day only

 15:06 <sil2100> (done)

 15:06 <vorlon> waveform:

 15:06 <waveform> * Chased licensing on libraspberrypi0 for Pi spec (related to bug #1819444); seems to be some confusion upstream as to where the source for the package is

 15:06 <waveform> * Responded to review on ubuntu-image instructions for rpi

 15:06 <waveform> * Figured out A/B booting mechanism on core, related to combining the core & classic bootscripts. Unfortunately, it's going to require changes (snapd?) due to the way it's currently operating

 15:06 <waveform> * Figured out steps for switching bluetooth and serial console on the pi without locking the VPU's clock (which we currently do; however, fix requires up to date u-boot, currently eoan only)

 15:06 <waveform> * Working my way down into the depths of u-boot for pi4 support; nothing working yet but identified several changes required (bus to phys address mapping, serial console changes (?), the list goes on)

 15:06 <ubottu> bug 1819444 in libcec (Debian) "libcec: Please stop linking to GPL-incompatible libraries" [Unknown,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1819444

 15:06 <waveform> (done)

 15:06 <vorlon> cyphermox:

 15:08 <vorlon> evidently out

 15:08 <vorlon> * a few weeks since my last report

 15:08 <vorlon> * travelled to and from the UC20 sprint in London

 15:08 <vorlon> * last Thursday was a holiday here

 15:08 <vorlon> * was off Tuesday; will be off tomorrow and also next Wednesday

 15:08 <vorlon> * reviewing the (touchy) ubuntu-advantage-tools SRU to trusty

 15:08 <vorlon> * currently just working on verifying the authenticity of the GPG keys it's set up to import into apt's keyring

 15:08 <vorlon> * discussions around the toolchain-triggered regressions in kernel module buildability that made it into the release pocket

 15:08 <vorlon> * various follow-ups around full-disk encryption in UC20

 15:08 <vorlon> (done)

 15:08 <vorlon> any questions over status?

 15:09 <bdmurray> I have no questions about status

 15:09 <rbalint> not a single one either

 15:11 <vorlon> #topic Release incoming bugs (eoan)

 15:11 <vorlon> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ee-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 15:12 <bdmurray> I forget did we talk about bug 1834226 before?

 15:12 <ubottu> bug 1834226 in software-properties (Ubuntu) "update-notifier doesn't respect "automatically check for updates: Never"" [High,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1834226

 15:12 <vorlon> not that I know

 15:12 <juliank> I don't think we did

 15:12 <juliank> But we should definitely investigate this

 15:14 <vorlon> agreed

 15:14 <vorlon> if there is disagreement about what the UX here should be, we will probably want to involve the design team

 15:14 <vorlon> but based on the bug history it looks like the current behavior in 19.04 is not what's expected

 15:15 <vorlon> targeting, carding

 15:15 <bdmurray> moving on then

 15:16 <bdmurray> the initramfs-tools one is still incomplete

 15:16 <vorlon> ok, skip then?

 15:16 <bdmurray> yeah, bug 1396379

 15:16 <ubottu> bug 1396379 in ubiquity (Ubuntu) "installer uses first EFI system partition found even when directed otherwise" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1396379

 15:17 <vorlon> fwiw I think there had been some discussion of that bug on #ubuntu-release at the time w/ infinity, xnox, and tsimonq2; but it's not documented in the bug, so

 15:17 <bdmurray> at what time?

 15:17 <vorlon> when the bug was filed and xnox added his comment marking it incomplete

 15:18 <vorlon> that was re: the initramfs-tools bug, not the ubiquity bug

 15:18 <vorlon> why has this 5yo bug been escalated now?

 15:18 <bdmurray> comment #29 I believe

 15:18 <bdmurray> I don't know who Tom Reynolds is

 15:19 <vorlon> I think we should decline this one

 15:20 <sil2100> +1 - since sure, it's a bug, but it doesn't seem like a high-impact one

 15:20 <bdmurray> comment #24 somebody says they bricked their laptop?

 15:21 <vorlon> I think this is largely user error, and perhaps things could be made clearer but I don't think ubiquity is fundamentally broken here when multiple ESPs are present

 15:21 <vorlon> bdmurray: with no other context we don't know what "bricked" actually means or why the user thinks this bug is their bug

 15:22 <bdmurray> ack

 15:23 <bdmurray> Do you want to comment on the bug / tag it rls-ee-notfixing?

 15:24 <vorlon> I've tagged it

 15:24 <bdmurray> apt-xapian-index is in universe for most releases...

 15:24 <bdmurray> bug 1612948

 15:24 <ubottu> bug 1612948 in apt-xapian-index (Ubuntu) "axi-cache conversion to python3 broke the script" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1612948

 15:24 <bdmurray> seb128 tagged the bug though

 15:25 <vorlon> doesn't mean it's Foundations' responsibility to work it

 15:25 <vorlon> because universe

 15:25 <vorlon> skip?

 15:25 <bdmurray> skip not decline?

 15:25 <vorlon> (and I'll let seb128 know it's not Foundations)

 15:25 <vorlon> well someone else could commit to doing the work

 15:26 <vorlon> actually, good point, since -incoming is only for Canonical teams

 15:26 <vorlon> yeah, decline then

 15:26 <bdmurray> Is desktop subscribed to the package too?

 15:26 <bdmurray> Nope, okay I will decline it

 15:26 <bdmurray> the next is a ftbfs so card it

 15:27 <vorlon> I will

 15:28 <vorlon> actually it sounds like the ftbfs is fixed so I'll follow up on the bug state

 15:29 <bdmurray> bug 1835809 is assigned to rbalint already, should it have a card?

 15:29 <ubottu> bug 1835809 in systemd (Ubuntu) "AMD Ryzen 3000 series fails to boot" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1835809

 15:30 <vorlon> he mentioned that one in his status, I guess it's already uploaded and in -proposed

 15:30 <bdmurray> sil2100: you were going to look at bug 1833758 iirc

 15:30 <ubottu> bug 1833758 in lvm2 (Ubuntu) "lvm2: vgcfgbackup in postinst takes several minutes" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1833758

 15:30 <vorlon> did we skip LP: #1836064?

 15:30 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1836064 in glibc (Ubuntu) "glibc needs an update for linux-5.2 kernel headers (alpha)" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1836064

 15:30 <vorlon> ah that might be the other end of the previous cross-build bug?

 15:30 <bdmurray> vorlon: Oh, I think I did skip it.

 15:31 <vorlon> oh, this is for alpha not powerpc, so a different bug

 15:31 <vorlon> and evidently not fixed

 15:31 <vorlon> so yes, that's another ftbfs, let's card it

 15:31 <vorlon> (I will)

 15:32 <sil2100> bdmurray: yes, but then I noticed you already checked what needed checking, right?

 15:33 <bdmurray> sil2100: my vague note says "will see if image building is affected"

 15:33 <sil2100> bdmurray: ok, so I can still check that, guess I missed that one

 15:33 <sil2100> Will do that this week

 15:34 <bdmurray> sil2100: okay, thanks

 15:34 <bdmurray> So now we are in undecided territory

 15:34 <bdmurray> bug 1830044

 15:34 <ubottu> bug 1830044 in glibc (Ubuntu) "glibc 2.29-0ubuntu2 ADT test failure with linux 5.2.0-0.1" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1830044

 15:35 <bdmurray> That seems High correct?

 15:35 <sil2100> Is that the kernel bug affecting glibc that we were talking about 2 weeks ago?

 15:35 <sil2100> I mean, I remember some kernel bug affecting glibc thingy being discussed recently

 15:35 <bdmurray> It was reported on 5/22 so maybe

 15:36 <vorlon> may or may not be the same one, but it's surely resolved, the glibc in -proposed has passing autopkgtests

 15:37 <bdmurray> So High and card it?

 15:37 <vorlon> I don't think it should be carded

 15:37 <vorlon> it's fixed in proposed

 15:37 <sil2100> I guess it's just a matter of getting glibc released

 15:37 <sil2100> Since it's the previous one that's failing

 15:38 <bdmurray> Ah, got it.

 15:38 <sil2100> Guess Adam's working on getting it migrating?

 15:38 <vorlon> don't know if he is, but I have been

 15:38 <bdmurray> Moving on to bug 1835660. Its super vague but seemed important so I tagged it.

 15:38 <ubottu> bug 1835660 in initramfs-tools (Ubuntu) "initramfs unpacking failed" [Undecided,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1835660

 15:39 <vorlon> doko: why did you mark LP: #1830044 rls-ee-incoming, given that the fixed glibc was already in -proposed?

 15:39 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1830044 in glibc (Ubuntu) "glibc 2.29-0ubuntu2 ADT test failure with linux 5.2.0-0.1" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1830044

 15:40 <vorlon> not much detail in that bug

 15:40 <bdmurray> Is there any follow up that should be done on the unpacking failed bug?

 15:40 <vorlon> anyone have a booted eoan that they can check to see if this message shows on boot for them?

 15:41 <sil2100> I guess it doesn't cause boot to fail, right?

 15:41 <vorlon> right, but we don't want junk messages showing on the console at boot

 15:43 <vorlon> reassigning to linux

 15:43 <bdmurray> Okay. Then seb128 reminded me of a patch in bug 1551623

 15:43 <ubottu> bug 1551623 in gconf (Ubuntu) "[SRU] package gconf2 3.2.6-3ubuntu6 failed to install/upgrade: dependency problems - leaving triggers unprocessed" [Critical,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1551623

 15:44 <vorlon> is gconf a foundations package?

 15:45 <seb128> vorlon, see the last comment

 15:45 <vorlon> seb128: which is an observation about why the patch might be unnecessary when using newer dpkg

 15:46 <seb128> vorlon, I asked bdmurray about whether we should/could consider SRUing that dpkg patch instead

 15:46 <vorlon> does that imply desktop team is declining to apply the patch in this bug to gconf and wants Foundations to SRU dpkg instead?

 15:46 <seb128> we would like the dpkg patch to be applied

 15:46 <vorlon> I don't see a dpkg patch that's been isolated in that log

 15:46 <seb128> it doesn't imply we nacl the gconf fix

 15:46 <seb128> but bdmurray nacked the sponsoring request because the patch isn't in debian

 15:47 <seb128> and it's not in debian because they EDONTCARE because they fixed dpkg

 15:47 <bdmurray> I didn't nack it, I asked a question about it.

 15:47 <seb128> https://git.dpkg.org/cgit/dpkg/dpkg.git/commit/?id=b5c50b3c6

 15:47 <seb128> I guess?

 15:48 <seb128> and https://git.dpkg.org/cgit/dpkg/dpkg.git/commit/?id=7f43bf5

 15:49 <vorlon> ok, so someone should file a bug against dpkg with this context

 15:49 <seb128> k

 15:49 <seb128> thx

 15:49 <seb128> will do that for next week :)

 15:49 <vorlon> seb128: thanks - probably target the bug directly to xenial/bionic and flag us the bug # so we get it on our trello

 15:50 <vorlon> #topic Release incoming bugs (bionic)

 15:50 <bdmurray> disco?

 15:50 <vorlon> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-bb-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 15:50 <vorlon> yeah, disco too

 15:51 <bdmurray> and the bug here is the one we just declined

 15:51 * vorlon nods

 15:51 <bdmurray> because its in universe

 15:51 <bdmurray> Should we unsubscribe from the package now?

 15:51 <vorlon> what did we decide wrt packages that are in main only in releases that are in ESM now?

 15:52 <vorlon> I think Foundations is no longer responsible for those; Security Team is responsible for ESM

 15:52 <bdmurray> I don't think we did decide about ESM

 15:52 <vorlon> I propose that we should unsubscribe if they're only in main for <= trusty

 15:53 <vorlon> bdmurray: do you want an action for this? :)

 15:53 <vorlon> (or a card?)

 15:53 <bdmurray> vorlon: for unsubscribing from the package or something more?

 15:53 <vorlon> for unsubscribing from all packages that are only in main for <= trusty

 15:54 <seb128> vorlon, bdmurray, bug filed https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/dpkg/+bug/1836225

 15:54 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1836225 in dpkg (Ubuntu) "SRUing the dpkg trigger improvements to bionic" [Undecided,New]

 15:54 <bdmurray> a card as I'm taking off this afternoon and tomorow and might forget stuff

 15:54 <vorlon> ok

 15:54 <juliank> I filed a bug for thatearlier

 15:54 <vorlon> juliank: for dpkg?

 15:54 <juliank> Or reused bdmurray's bug

 15:54 <juliank> yes, for dpkg

 15:54 <juliank> It already has a card

 15:55 <seb128> juliank, ah, sorry, I didn't see it in the recent dpkg ones, feel free to mark it as dup then

 15:55 <juliank> I also have the list of commits from guillem I have to cherry-pick :)

 15:55 <bdmurray> bug 1828639 has dpkg tasks

 15:55 <ubottu> bug 1828639 in dpkg (Ubuntu Eoan) "package libvlc-bin 3.0.6-1 failed to install/upgrade: 90.8592:triggers looping, abandoned" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1828639

 15:55 <juliank> yeah, that's it

 15:55 <bdmurray> isn't it fixed for Eoan now though?

 15:56 <juliank> It's certainly in proposed

 15:56 <juliank> FWIW, this is the card: https://trello.com/c/nECzoqs2/2039-package-menu-2147ubuntu3-failed-to-install-upgrade-triggers-looping-abandoned

 15:56 <bdmurray> We'd found that already

 15:57 <juliank> Planned uploading that soon, was waiting for infinity to do eoan, which has been done now

 15:57 <vorlon> juliank: so you are SRUing that?

 15:57 <juliank> I planned on doing that, yes

 15:57 <vorlon> ok

 15:57 <bdmurray> juliank: that should fix many? all? trigger looping issues

 15:57 <juliank> bdmurray: all AFAIUI

 15:58 <bdmurray> so a bug scrub may be in order

 15:58 <vorlon> #topic Team proposed-migration report

 15:58 <vorlon> #link http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs

 15:59 <vorlon> I guess we have to go quick, 1 minute left :P

 15:59 <vorlon> a lot of ppc64el backlog there

 15:59 <vorlon> which explains most of glibc

 16:00 <vorlon> sphinx was a non-Foundations upload, but it's not clear if oSoMoN is following up

 16:00 <vorlon> I'll ping him

 16:00 <waveform> vorlon, I was handling the sphinx one

 16:00 <vorlon> waveform: oh ok

 16:00 <waveform> sorry - slipped under the radar this week with pi4 and u-boot filling my head!

 16:00 <vorlon> python-service-identity

 16:01 <vorlon> was anyone working on this? it was an autosync

 16:02 <vorlon> who wants to volunteer to take python-service-identity?

 16:02 <seb128> vorlon, waveform, sphinx was https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/python3.7/+bug/1834236 afaik

 16:02 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1834236 in python3.7 (Ubuntu) "codecs.open(errors='strict') doesn't fail on invalid encoding with python3.7.4 RC1" [High,Fix released]

 16:02 <seb128> (unless we have a new one)

 16:03 <rbalint> let's see, i retried the build

 16:03 <vorlon> python-reportlab: the autopkgtests don't fail in Debian, I've retried them now and will follow through

 16:04 <vorlon> python-setuptools: reprotest/i386 is a progression (or flaky test) rather than a regression, we can sort that out

 16:04 <vorlon> but libcloud/armhf looks like a real regression

 16:05 <vorlon> anyone want to dig into that?

 16:05 * vorlon tries a --no-proposed autopkgtest retry

 16:06 <vorlon> put your hand up if you want to claim it; meanwhile, moving on

 16:06 <vorlon> debian-installer needs an update for linux 5.2

 16:06 <vorlon> I'll check w/ infinity on that

 16:06 <vorlon> glib2.0, I think the Desktop Team is managing that one

 16:06 <vorlon> and then we're done

 16:07 <vorlon> #topic Chair selection for next meeting

 16:07 <vorlon> who should we nominate that isn't here to object?

 16:07 <bdmurray> doko!

 16:07 <juliank> He'll be at DebCamp

 16:07 <juliank> I'm off next Thu, Fri

 16:08 <vorlon> anyone else who hasn't had a turn lately?

 16:09 <juliank> Should we keep a list of this

 16:09 * vorlon shrugs :)

 16:09 <vorlon> I'm not keeping the list :)

 16:09 <juliank> We could grep the backlog

 16:09 <vorlon> tdaitx: you want to chair next?

 16:09 <tdaitx> vorlon: yeah

 16:09 <juliank> Sounds sensible

 16:09 <vorlon> #agreed tdaitx to chair next

 16:10 <vorlon> #topic AOB

 16:10 <vorlon> anything else?

 16:10 <juliank> Again, to make sure it sticks: I'm off next Thu, Fri

 16:10 * vorlon nods

 16:10 <juliank> Also DebConf after that

 16:10 <bdmurray> I'm out this afternoon and tomorrow

 16:11 <vorlon> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)