== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team, 14 Nov at 16:01 &mdash; 16:33 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2019/ubuntu-meeting.2019-11-14-16.01.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning rounds ===
The discussion about "Lightning rounds" started at 16:01.


=== Release incoming bugs (focal) ===
The discussion about "Release incoming bugs (focal)" started at 16:07.

  * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ff-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs 
  * ''LINK:'' http://launchpad.net/bugs/1847307 
  * ''LINK:'' http://launchpad.net/bugs/1845529 
  * ''LINK:'' http://launchpad.net/bugs/1847898 
  * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/lxd/+bug/1834501 
  * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/ubiquity/+bug/1848144 
  * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/ubiquity/+bug/1851346 
  * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-bb-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs 
  * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/systemd/+bug/1723390 
  * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/openjdk-lts/+bug/1838740 

=== Team proposed-migration report ===
The discussion about "Team proposed-migration report" started at 16:28.

  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs 

=== AOB ===
The discussion about "AOB" started at 16:31.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * cyphermox (65)
 * sil2100 (18)
 * tdaitx (13)
 * ubottu (11)
 * infinity (10)
 * rbalint (9)
 * waveform (8)
 * meetingology (3)



== Full Log ==


 16:01 <cyphermox> #startmeeting Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team

 16:01 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Nov 14 16:01:24 2019 UTC.  The chair is cyphermox. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:01 <meetingology> 

 16:01 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 16:01 <cyphermox> bdmurray asked me last week to chair this meeting

 16:01 <cyphermox> #topic Lightning rounds

 16:01 <cyphermox> echo $(shuf -e vorlon bdmurray xnox tdaitx doko sil2100 rbalint infinity cyphermox mwhudson juliank waveform)

 16:02 <cyphermox> vorlon bdmurray cyphermox xnox sil2100 tdaitx mwhudson waveform juliank infinity doko rbalint

 16:02 <cyphermox> oh boy

 16:03 <cyphermox> vorlon: around?

 16:03 <cyphermox> bdmurray sent his status by email already

 16:03 <cyphermox> ok; my turn then

 16:03 <cyphermox> cyphermox:

 16:03 <cyphermox> short week; off monday tuesday

 16:03 <cyphermox> catching up with what happened in the last few days

 16:04 <cyphermox> that eternal NetworkManager netplan plugin (debugging build issues)

 16:04 <cyphermox> (done)

 16:04 <cyphermox> xnox:

 16:04 <sil2100> Ok, xnox is sprinting

 16:04 <sil2100> No status report, but I guess he's busy

 16:04 <sil2100> So now my turn:

 16:04 <cyphermox> ok

 16:04 <sil2100> - A few SRU reviews and releases

 16:04 <sil2100> - Working overnight on some image and point-release tinkery - lots of time, still not done

 16:04 <sil2100> - Did a quick overview of the work needed for private PPA britney/autopkgtest runs

 16:04 <sil2100> - Reviewing, sponsoring and fast-tracking the flash-kernel changes from Dave

 16:04 <sil2100> - Pushed a missing change to livecd-rootfs bionic fixing core 18 builds, verified and released

 16:04 <sil2100> - Some livecd-rootfs reviews (for David and Michael)

 16:04 <sil2100> - Verified the ubuntu-release-upgrader SRUs, aging in -proposed

 16:04 <sil2100> - Started reading up about netplan

 16:04 <sil2100> (done)

 16:05 <cyphermox> tdaitx:

 16:05 <tdaitx> = 2019-11-14

 16:05 <tdaitx> * dask autopkgtests

 16:05 <tdaitx> - backported patches for py3.8 compatibility for pandas, superseeded by new debian sync

 16:05 <tdaitx> - fixing autopkgtests superseeded by new dask upload

 16:05 <tdaitx> - now testing upstream fix for dask.multiprocessing.FileNotFoundError

 16:05 <tdaitx> * jck samples testing on jenkins

 16:05 <tdaitx> * looking at openjdk CVEs and collecting information on the fixes

 16:05 <tdaitx> * updating apport/whoopsie repositories with latest fixes

 16:05 <tdaitx> Other:

 16:05 <tdaitx> - tomorrow is a holiday, will be working half-day

 16:05 <tdaitx> (done)

 16:05 <cyphermox> mwhudson isn't here

 16:05 <cyphermox> waveform: is sprinting?

 16:05 <waveform> * Tested flash-kernel fixes for Pi4 USB fix (LP: #1848790); all pi models (including CMs), both archs, plus manual regression tests for u-boot and linux framebuffers, audio, and USB

 16:05 <waveform> * Tested flash-kernel fix for Pi3A+ boot (LP: #1848247)

 16:05 <waveform> * Worked on flash-kernel boot-script for Pi4 support on Bionic (the 2/3 boot-scripts on Bionic use different device-tree addresses; new boot script accepts this)

 16:05 <waveform> * Worked on u-boot-rpi postinst for Pi4 support on Bionic (config.txt migration path)

 16:05 <waveform> * Confirmed USB storage issue on Pi2/3/3+ (LP: #1852510); experimented with workarounds but no particularly useful ones available yet

 16:05 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1848790 in linux-raspi2 (Ubuntu Eoan) "USB not working under arm64 on Pi4" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1848790

 16:05 <waveform> * Worked on pi configuration tool (but not much because the home server is dying; replacement in the works)

 16:05 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1848247 in linux-firmware-raspi2 (Ubuntu Eoan) "3A+ boot failure on Eoan" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1848247

 16:05 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1852510 in linux-raspi2 (Ubuntu Eoan) "IO errors when writing large amounts of data to USB storage in eoan on RPI" [Critical,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1852510

 16:05 <waveform> (done)

 16:05 <cyphermox> infinity:

 16:05 <infinity> * Short week, was off Friday and Monday.

 16:05 <infinity> * Discovered and reported on bug with ESM/ubuntu-advantage on non-x86, spent lots of time spitballing possible solutions with IS and Server team.

 16:06 <infinity> * Generic AA and SRU things.

 16:06 <infinity> * Code reviews and process discussions.

 16:06 <infinity> * Hiding in glibc land a bit.

 16:06 <infinity> (done)

 16:06 <cyphermox> doko said he wouldn't be here; but he didn't send his status yet

 16:06 <cyphermox> rbalint:

 16:06 <rbalint> * proposed-migration fixes: twisted, python-taskflow, python-motor

 16:06 <rbalint> * SRU verifications: systemd

 16:06 <rbalint> * bug gardening: shadow, systemd

 16:06 <rbalint> * uploads via Debian: libevent, vmdk-stream-converter (delayed/10)

 16:06 <rbalint> * triaging kpartx hanging in focal chroot on xenial host breaking focal image builds

 16:06 <rbalint> * fixed an other livecd-rootfs issue also breaking the build, but in a vm

 16:06 <rbalint> (done)

 16:07 <cyphermox> thanks

 16:07 <cyphermox> #topic Release incoming bugs (focal)

 16:07 <cyphermox> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ff-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 16:08 <cyphermox> http://launchpad.net/bugs/1847307

 16:08 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1847307 in ubiquity (Ubuntu) "Install in english with italian keyboard - keyboard not set during install" [High,New]

 16:08 <cyphermox> I suppose I could look at it, or if someone else wants to take it since I'm supposed to just focus on netplan

 16:12 <cyphermox> that will need someone to look carefully at console-setup

 16:12 <cyphermox> http://launchpad.net/bugs/1845529

 16:12 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1845529 in bash-completion (Ubuntu) "bash completion shows `awk: line 18: function gensub never defined` on `umount /dev/<Tab>`" [High,Triaged]

 16:12 <sil2100> I could take the keyboard one if anything

 16:13 <sil2100> (sorry for late reply, my head is really slow today)

 16:14 <cyphermox> http://launchpad.net/bugs/1847898

 16:14 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1847898 in ubiquity (Ubuntu) "System doesn't boot after installation - Legacy mode / 2 disks" [High,Triaged]

 16:15 <cyphermox> that one is carded; so we'll assume it's properly assigned or about to be

 16:15 <cyphermox> I'll card bash-completion for myself, it seems like a jfdi

 16:16 <cyphermox> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/lxd/+bug/1834501

 16:16 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1834501 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu Eoan) "do-release-upgrade from bionic->any disables lxd without snapstore access" [Undecided,New]

 16:17 <cyphermox> I think we want to relese-upgrader part of this

 16:18 <cyphermox> carding for the backlog, I guess

 16:18 <cyphermox> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/ubiquity/+bug/1848144

 16:18 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1848144 in ubiquity (Ubuntu) "Screen reader isn't enabled on login screen or user session after installation" [Undecided,Confirmed]

 16:18 <cyphermox> that seems very much desktopy

 16:20 <cyphermox> sil2100: to card and have a quick look

 16:20 <cyphermox> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/ubiquity/+bug/1851346

 16:20 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1851346 in ubiquity (Ubuntu) "Ubuntu Studio 19.10 Installer Causes Wanted Programs to be Removed" [Undecided,Confirmed]

 16:23 <sil2100> cyphermox: carded, will refresh my memory on the screen reader one

 16:23 <cyphermox> sil2100: thanks

 16:24 <cyphermox> moving on to bb

 16:24 <cyphermox> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-bb-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 16:25 <cyphermox> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/systemd/+bug/1723390

 16:25 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1723390 in systemd (Ubuntu Bionic) "lxd containers have become degraded" [Undecided,Confirmed]

 16:26 <cyphermox> I propose carding; letting xnox tell us more about it (since he filed the bug, and usually he palys with systemd anyway)

 16:26 <cyphermox> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/openjdk-lts/+bug/1838740

 16:26 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1838740 in openjdk-lts (Ubuntu) "libjawt.so inconsistency lets JVM crash" [Undecided,Confirmed]

 16:26 <cyphermox> tdaitx: already looking into this?

 16:27 <cyphermox> card I suppose?

 16:27 <tdaitx> cyphermox: yeah

 16:27 <tdaitx> lets card it

 16:28 <cyphermox> okay

 16:28 <cyphermox> #topic Team proposed-migration report

 16:28 <cyphermox> #link http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs

 16:28 <cyphermox> there are quite a few things in there; but many are candidates (so more update_output than autopkgtests/build failures for now)

 16:29 <cyphermox> blocked in some transition

 16:29 <cyphermox> pretty much just python3-defaults

 16:30 <cyphermox> (I think doko has been looking into it two weeks ago, not sure about its status now)

 16:30 <cyphermox> and various other pythons

 16:31 <cyphermox> please, if you have any time see how you can help with untangling thinks in proposed, especially when many are sprinting this week so maybe not looking at it as much?

 16:31 <cyphermox> #topic AOB

 16:31 <sil2100> None from me

 16:31 <cyphermox> anything?

 16:31 <infinity> Nein.

 16:31 <sil2100> Oh, I'll be off on Monday

 16:31 <cyphermox> ok

 16:31 <rbalint> me too

 16:31 <sil2100> And I'll be EODing like *now*

 16:31 <infinity> I suppose I should note that I'll be off all Fridays from now until EOY.

 16:31 <waveform> I may be disappearing sporadically tomorrow as I rebuild the home server

 16:31 <infinity> And the week before the shutdown as well.

 16:31 <cyphermox> Brian mentioned he'd like people to pick up the habit of sending status by email if they can't make the meeting

 16:32 <cyphermox> infinity: so, same as last year?

 16:32 <rbalint> +1

 16:32 <infinity> cyphermox: Nah, last year I took the whole month. :P

 16:32 <cyphermox> ;)

 16:33 <cyphermox> okay, anything else?

 16:33 <cyphermox> I'll take that as a no

 16:33 <cyphermox> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)