== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team, 24 Oct at 15:02 &mdash; 15:47 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2019/ubuntu-meeting.2019-10-24-15.02.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning rounds ===
The discussion about "Lightning rounds" started at 15:02.


=== Release incoming bugs ===
The discussion about "Release incoming bugs" started at 15:11.


=== Team proposed-migration report ===
The discussion about "Team proposed-migration report" started at 15:30.

  * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs 

=== AOB ===
The discussion about "AOB" started at 15:44.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * bdmurray (55)
 * cyphermox (31)
 * sil2100 (27)
 * xnox (18)
 * rbalint (13)
 * waveform (11)
 * vorlon (10)
 * ubottu (9)
 * tdaitx (9)
 * infinity (8)
 * meetingology (3)
 * seb128 (3)
 * doko (2)



== Full Log ==


 15:02 <bdmurray> #startmeeting Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team

 15:02 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Oct 24 15:02:16 2019 UTC.  The chair is bdmurray. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 15:02 <meetingology> 

 15:02 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 15:02 <bdmurray> #topic Lightning rounds

 15:03 <bdmurray> doko mwhudson cyphermox infinity bdmurray xnox vorlon sil2100 tdaitx rbalint waveform

 15:03 <bdmurray> doko:

 15:04 <doko> * archive opening & python3.8

 15:04 <doko> (done)

 15:04 <xnox> nice

 15:04 <bdmurray> cyphermox:

 15:04 <cyphermox> - shim reviews: Oracle, CentOS, zkey (in progress)

 15:04 <cyphermox> - submitted our own new shim for review

 15:04 <cyphermox> - discussing shim reviewing processes with Microsoft, shim-review community

 15:04 <cyphermox> - preparing unicode-data SRUs

 15:04 <cyphermox> - got context back from Julian about grub chainloading of bootctl-based binaries

 15:04 <cyphermox> - spec updates for UC20 plugin and openvswitch

 15:04 <cyphermox> - more debugging on reports of Windows chainloading issues; so far unable to reproduce and reports are rather of broken/misinstalled systems for a variety of reasons :(

 15:04 <cyphermox> - finished removing net-tools from seeds; left with figuring out the future of ubuntu-core-libs to complete the removal of net-tools in favor of iproute2

 15:04 <cyphermox> - filed bugs for files in /etc that don't belong there (UC20)

 15:04 <cyphermox> - NM plugin work

 15:04 <cyphermox> (done)

 15:05 <infinity> * Released the Ermines.

 15:05 <infinity> * Opened Focal in LP, snakefruit, cdimage, etc.

 15:05 <infinity> * Fixed a bnuch of FTBFS bugs to move perl along.

 15:05 <infinity> * Working on the last bits of the perl transition.

 15:05 <infinity> (done)

 15:05 <bdmurray> release sprint!

 15:05 <bdmurray> manager stuff

 15:06 <bdmurray> xnox:

 15:06 <xnox> Uploaded casper with UUID validation fix for netboot and linux overlay bug reproducer. TODO investigate/fix autopkgtest

 15:06 <xnox> Working on cleaning up pc-amd64-gadget snap, and building it for the core20

 15:06 <xnox> Working with snapcraft team to get core20 into snapcraft (committed)

 15:06 <xnox> Filed lp bug against lp to get core20 enabled

 15:06 <xnox> Roundtrip gcc-9 bumping ISA to z13 with IBM w.r.t. Testsuite regression analysis. They will work on improving it, and we are good to bump ISA to z13

 15:06 <xnox> Send linux config change patch to bump ISA to z13

 15:06 <xnox> Uploaded s390-tools SRU to bionic to fix two bugs

 15:06 <xnox> Uploaded opencryptoki

 15:06 <xnox> Trianging numpy s390x failure with doko & mwhudson

 15:06 <xnox> done

 15:06 <cyphermox> xnox: casper uuid validation fix?

 15:06 * cyphermox goes to look at the diff instead

 15:06 <vorlon> * happy release!

 15:06 <vorlon> * focusing on the fantastic fossa

 15:06 <vorlon> * helping burn down the autopkgtest regressions to get perl 5.30 in for archive opening

 15:07 <vorlon> * roadmap for 20.04

 15:07 <vorlon> * debugging various idiosyncratic issues on my laptop after upgrade to eoan

 15:07 <vorlon> (done)

 15:07 <xnox> cyphermox:  so, when doing netmount uuid was not checked to match; only when mounting usb sticks / cdrom / partitions it was checked.

 15:07 <bdmurray> xnox: re s390-tools SRU does it need a review / queue jump?

 15:07 <sil2100> - Release sprinting last week

 15:07 <sil2100> - Poking peeps for some focal-related stuffs that needed to be done

 15:07 <sil2100> - SRU reviews and releases

 15:07 <sil2100> - Kernel reviews

 15:07 <sil2100> - Looking through multiverse package licenses

 15:07 <cyphermox> ahhh

 15:07 <sil2100> - Meeting with snapd guys regarding uc20 ubuntu-image changes

 15:07 <sil2100> - Modifying the uc20 ubuntu-image support branch with some additional changes, fixing merge conflicts

 15:07 <sil2100> * Will be landing this after a formal ACK from Michael on the spec

 15:07 <sil2100> - Backporting various missing livecd-rootfs bits to bionic

 15:07 <sil2100> - Almost finished the sanity-report for langpack sanity testing

 15:07 <sil2100> - Modified core promotion scripts to take the new snapd-team core18 edge testing into consideration

 15:07 <sil2100> - Poking around regarding the linux-hwe FTBFS against the security-enabled gcc-5 no-change-rebuild

 15:07 <sil2100> - DMB meeting

 15:07 <sil2100> - Discussing ESM autopkgtest feasibility

 15:07 <sil2100> (done)

 15:07 <xnox> bdmurray:  IBM will appreciate if it is bumped

 15:07 <tdaitx> * OpenJDK 8 & 11 security update

 15:07 <tdaitx> - package & upload for Xenial (8 only), Bionic, Disco, and Eoan

 15:07 <tdaitx> - no regressions found on all archs/releases

 15:07 <tdaitx> * whoopsie & apport security fixes

 15:07 <tdaitx> - backports to xenial, bionic, disco

 15:07 <tdaitx> - testing each vulnerability (and retesting eoan + focal after release)

 15:07 <tdaitx> Other:

 15:08 <tdaitx> - need to upgrade to focal

 15:08 <tdaitx> (done)

 15:08 <rbalint> (short week after release week)

 15:08 <rbalint> * Debian uploads: p8-platform, unattended-upgrades 1.15

 15:08 <rbalint> * updated wslu to 2.3.2, also adding autopkgtest

 15:08 <bdmurray> Is there somebody who can review s390-tools then?

 15:08 <rbalint> * tested Eoan install, filed LP: #184852

 15:08 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 184852 in initramfs-tools (Ubuntu) ""dpkg-reconfigure --all" invokes update-initramfs(8) multiple times" [Wishlist,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/184852

 15:08 <rbalint> * unattended-upgrades fixes and SRUs

 15:08 <rbalint> * libevent transition releated fixes

 15:08 <rbalint> * uploaded systemd 243-2ubuntu1, waiting for archive opening

 15:08 <rbalint> (done)

 15:08 <waveform> * Reported / worked on Pi 3A+ boot issue; LP: #1848247

 15:08 <waveform> * Reported / worked on Pi 4 arm64 USB issue; LP: #1848790

 15:08 <waveform> * Worked on SRUs for Pi 4 boot support on Bionic:

 15:08 <waveform> - flash-kernel (package prepped, tested)

 15:08 <waveform> - u-boot-rpi (ongoing)

 15:08 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1848247 in linux-firmware-raspi2 (Ubuntu) "3A+ boot failure on Eoan" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1848247

 15:08 <waveform> - linux-firmware-raspi2 (package prepped, testing ongoing)

 15:08 <waveform> - kernel (awaiting)

 15:08 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1848790 in linux-raspi2 (Ubuntu) "USB not working under arm64 on Pi4" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1848790

 15:08 <waveform> - base image (investigating)

 15:08 <waveform> * Updated RaspberryPi wiki page with Eoan details

 15:08 <waveform> (done)

 15:09 <bdmurray> Any questions regarding status?

 15:10 <bdmurray> sil2100: Can you review s390-tools?

 15:10 <sil2100> bdmurray: sure

 15:11 <bdmurray> sil2100: thanks

 15:11 <sil2100> bdmurray: which series? d/b?

 15:11 <sil2100> Ah, b

 15:11 <bdmurray> xnox: ^^

 15:11 <sil2100> Will do that during the meeting

 15:11 <bdmurray> #topic Release incoming bugs

 15:11 <xnox> sil2100:  b for one d/e/f for another

 15:12 <xnox> (s390-tools & opencryptoki respectevly)

 15:13 <bdmurray> seb128: Do you have any idea on how to separate foundations ubiquity bugs from desktop ones? e.g. bug 1847719.

 15:13 <ubottu> bug 1847719 in ubiquity (Ubuntu) "zfs "Write to change disks" message prints that an ext4 partition will be created" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1847719

 15:13 <bdmurray> bug 1844805 seems worth fixing and is rather easy

 15:13 <ubottu> bug 1844805 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu) "virtualbox, virtualbox-dkms, virtualbox-qt fail during upgrade from 19.04 to 19.10" [Medium,Incomplete] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1844805

 15:14 <seb128> bdmurray, tagging I guess?

 15:14 <bdmurray> seb128: zfs-something-something

 15:14 <infinity> I mean, it's telling the truth.  It creates an ext4 partition, then deletes it. :P

 15:14 <xnox> "foundations-not-it" and "desktop-not-it"

 15:14 <sil2100> bdmurray: I could take a look at tackling the u-r-u one

 15:14 <infinity> I'm still curious about why it doesn't use partman-zfs.

 15:15 <bdmurray> sil2100: great, I guess you knew I was gonna volunteer you

 15:15 <xnox> yeah, cause then it could have "reorganize zfs pools" rather than "transform ext4"

 15:15 <seb128> bdmurray, 'zfs' seems to exist as a tag/being used today

 15:15 <bdmurray> sil2100: because its do-release-upgrade it will need SRU'ing to disco - its not part of the tarball

 15:16 <sil2100> hm, ok

 15:16 <sil2100> Is this carded already? ;)

 15:16 <bdmurray> doko: have you seen bug 1848211?

 15:16 <ubottu> bug 1848211 in valgrind (Ubuntu) "valgrind fails to use debug symbols from glib/gtk" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1848211

 15:16 <xnox> ubiquity could re-wrtie debconf template to say zfs, although ext4 is used =)

 15:16 <bdmurray> sil2100: I will card it and give it to you

 15:19 <sil2100> bdmurray: thanks!

 15:19 <bdmurray> seb128: let's just use zfs then

 15:21 <bdmurray> Okay, we will card the valgrind issue and get it worked on.

 15:21 <bdmurray> Is there anybody interested in learning more about apport and whoopsie?

 15:21 <bdmurray> bug 1848064

 15:21 <ubottu> bug 1848064 in apport (Ubuntu) "/usr/share/apport/whoopsie-upload-all:PermissionError:/usr/share/apport/whoopsie-upload-all@168:collect_info:process_report" [High,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1848064

 15:22 <bdmurray> I've moved to rls-ee-incoming

 15:23 <bdmurray> waveform: ^?

 15:23 <waveform> bdmurray, I can take a look

 15:23 <bdmurray> waveform: okay, I'm happy to help if you want to meet later today.

 15:24 <bdmurray> cyphermox: Since we've some experience culling bug lists - would you mind helping me with rls-ee?

 15:24 <bdmurray> rls-bb has bug 1848880

 15:24 <ubottu> bug 1848880 in debian-installer (Ubuntu) "Server 18.04.3 OEM Install option doesn't work" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1848880

 15:25 <bdmurray> Is there somebody who can test that to see if it is accurate?

 15:25 <bdmurray> Specifically "oem-config-prepare" not being found

 15:26 <bdmurray> cyphermox: ^?

 15:27 <cyphermox> sure

 15:27 <cyphermox> oem-config-prepare not found is... weird

 15:27 <bdmurray> seb128: it's rls-x-incoming. ;-) I went to rls-xx-incoming report so made the same mistake!

 15:28 <bdmurray> bug 1849004

 15:28 <ubottu> bug 1849004 in update-manager (Ubuntu) "update-manager stop to load update descriptions" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1849004

 15:28 <seb128> bdmurray, ahah, thx for pointing it out!

 15:29 <bdmurray> it looks like there might even be a fix in that update-manager bug

 15:29 <bdmurray> I'll go ahead and card that and we can sort it out later.

 15:30 <bdmurray> #topic Team proposed-migration report

 15:33 <bdmurray> https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs

 15:34 <bdmurray> We've agreed to just start tackling the issues on that list.

 15:35 <bdmurray> And we'll coordinate the things on which we are working in #ubuntu-devel.

 15:36 <cyphermox> not -release?

 15:36 <bdmurray> cyphermox: I think #ubuntu-devel has more people on it.

 15:37 <cyphermox> ack

 15:37 <rbalint> if something is to be stuck in -proposed longer you can record your observation in a but and mark it with 'update-excuse' tag

 15:37 <cyphermox> yup :)

 15:37 <rbalint> bugg

 15:37 <sil2100> rbalint: let's get that documented somewhere for people to easily access, maybe the promosed-migration wiki page?

 15:37 <bdmurray> and then what happens with 'update-excuse' does it show up on the report?

 15:38 <cyphermox> rbalint: that would be a good blog post

 15:38 <cyphermox> (and we can retweet and whatnot ;)

 15:38 <rbalint> bugs with 'update-excuse' show up on update_excuses.html

 15:38 <rbalint> cyphermox, thanks, will write that post

 15:38 <bdmurray> There also used to be "Public Service Announcement" emails to ubuntu-devel

 15:38 <cyphermox> cool

 15:39 <bdmurray> I think those would be good to bring back.

 15:39 <cyphermox> discourse topic on coordinating proposed work?

 15:39 <bdmurray> cyphermox: a discourse topic on what?

 15:40 <cyphermox> I'm suggesting using a discourse topic on meta-discussing how to prioritize

 15:40 <vorlon> no thank you

 15:40 <cyphermox> ie: is there more we can do that using a bug tag? any other tech tools we can build to help

 15:41 <cyphermox> and discourse topic is interchangeable with mailing list thread.

 15:41 <rbalint> cyphermox, changing nick to name_working_on_foo :-)

 15:41 <cyphermox> yuck

 15:41 <bdmurray> I think before solving a problem we should keep track of how often the problem happens.

 15:41 <vorlon> discourse is way too heavy weight, the state of -proposed changes hourly

 15:41 <sil2100> I'd still like it added to the wiki page

 15:41 <cyphermox> I'm specifically not talking about the coordination itself

 15:41 <vorlon> oh

 15:41 <sil2100> I mean, how to use the tag of course

 15:41 <vorlon> ok

 15:41 <cyphermox> about the process of coordinating

 15:42 <bdmurray> So let's keep track of how often we have the duplicated effort.

 15:42 <cyphermox> ie. how we can improve, if things go wrong, postmortem ,etc.

 15:42 <bdmurray> Let's move on.

 15:43 <sil2100> cyphermox: sounds good

 15:44 <bdmurray> #topic AOB

 15:44 <bdmurray> I'd like to move this meeting to 30 minutes earlier.

 15:44 <infinity> bdmurray: -12

 15:45 <cyphermox> no opinion

 15:46 <bdmurray> Okay, I don't want to lose anybody and we've had this slot for a long time.

 15:46 <bdmurray> Anything else?

 15:47 <bdmurray> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)