== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting: DMB, 28 Aug at 15:05 &mdash; 16:39 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2017/ubuntu-meeting.2017-08-28-15.05.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Review of previous action items ===
The discussion about "Review of previous action items" started at 15:05.


=== MOTU Applications ===
The discussion about "MOTU Applications" started at 15:14.

 * '''Simon Quigley''' (15:14)
  * ''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/tsimonq2/Applications/MOTU 
  * ''LINK:'' http://ubuntu-dev.alioth.debian.org/cgi-bin/ubuntu-sponsorships.cgi?render=html&sponsor_search=name&sponsoree=simon+Quigley&sponsoree_search=name <- sponsorship miner lookup
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses.html#nodejs 
  * ''Vote:'' Grant tsimonq2 MOTU (Carried)
  * ''ACTION:'' sil2100 to add tsimonq2 to MOTU and send announcements

=== Core Developer Applications ===
The discussion about "Core Developer Applications" started at 15:49.

 * '''Christian Ehrhardt''' (15:49)
  * ''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ChristianEhrhardt/CoreDevApplication 
  * ''LINK:'' http://ubuntu-dev.alioth.debian.org/cgi-bin/ubuntu-sponsorships.cgi?render=html&sponsor_search=name&sponsoree=christian+Ehrhardt&sponsoree_search=name <- sponsorship miner lookup
  * ''LINK:'' http://paste.ubuntu.com/25418221/ 
  * ''Vote:'' Grant cpaelzer core-dev (Carried)
  * ''ACTION:'' sil2100 to add cpaelzer to core-dev and send announcements

=== AOB ===
The discussion about "AOB" started at 16:33.




== Vote results ==

 * [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2017/ubuntu-meeting.2017-08-28-15.05.log.html#233 Grant cpaelzer core-dev]]
  * Motion carried (For/Against/Abstained 4/0/0)
   *  Voters bdmurray, micahg, sil2100, rbasak
 * [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2017/ubuntu-meeting.2017-08-28-15.05.log.html#119 Grant tsimonq2 MOTU]]
  * Motion carried (For/Against/Abstained 4/0/1)
   *  Voters BenC, rbasak, micahg, sil2100, bdmurray



== Action items, by person ==

 * cpaelzer
  * sil2100 to add cpaelzer to core-dev and send announcements
 * sil2100
  * sil2100 to add tsimonq2 to MOTU and send announcements
  * sil2100 to add cpaelzer to core-dev and send announcements
 * tsimonq2
  * sil2100 to add tsimonq2 to MOTU and send announcements



== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * sil2100 (83)
 * cpaelzer (65)
 * tsimonq2 (50)
 * rbasak (39)
 * meetingology (24)
 * micahg (14)
 * bdmurray (10)
 * BenC (10)
 * nacc (2)
 * flexiondotorg (1)
 * ubottu (1)



== Full Log ==


 15:05 <sil2100> #startmeeting DMB

 15:05 <meetingology> Meeting started Mon Aug 28 15:05:25 2017 UTC.  The chair is sil2100. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 15:05 <meetingology> 

 15:05 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 15:05 <sil2100> #topic Review of previous action items

 15:06 <sil2100> I only see one previous action item on the agenda: "rbasak to handle flexiondotorg's request for adding mate-hud to the MATE package set"

 15:06 <sil2100> Not sure if rbasak is around today

 15:06 <bdmurray> I thought he had a follow up question that went unanswered.

 15:07 <cpaelzer> he is one of the UK people with public holiday today

 15:07 <sil2100> Ah, ok

 15:07 <cpaelzer> But flexiondotorg is added according to ubuntu-upload-permission

 15:07 <cpaelzer> $ ubuntu-upload-permission mate-hud --list-uploaders

 15:07 <sil2100> cpaelzer: thanks

 15:08 <sil2100> I think we also had one meeting where meetingology wasn't working, not sure if we captured those action items in the agenda

 15:08 <sil2100> Ah, yes, we did

 15:09 <sil2100> "sil2100 to send out a DMB nomination reminder, including information about what happens if there are few nominations."

 15:09 <sil2100> This is done and we got one more nomination for LocutusOfBorg

 15:09 <sil2100> We'll talk about that at the end of the meeting

 15:09 <sil2100> "bdmurray follow up with BenC regarding meeting times"

 15:10 <rbasak> o/

 15:10 <sil2100> bdmurray, BenC: ^ did that happen?

 15:10 <rbasak> Sorry I'm late.

 15:10 <sil2100> rbasak: o/ hey! No worries, there is quorum

 15:10 <sil2100> Actually, all active members are present now, nice

 15:10 <bdmurray> sil2100: Yes it did

 15:10 <rbasak> It's a public holiday here today. I lost track of the time :-/

 15:10 <BenC> It did. I conveyed that I am open to whatever times, but during work hours (current meetings are 11am and 3pm) things can come up that make it difficult to attend.

 15:11 <sil2100> Excellent

 15:11 <cpaelzer> rbasak: you were excused, I made sure everyone knew that you have a public holiday

 15:11 <sil2100> Ok, so let's move on

 15:12 <sil2100> We have a few applicants, some mentioned doing their applications through e-mail

 15:12 <sil2100> tsimonq2 I guess you're available now, right?

 15:12 <rbasak> FWIW, I'd much prefer to handle applications in our regular meetings if possible.

 15:12 <tsimonq2> Yeahp.

 15:12 <tsimonq2> (I didn't think I would be, fwiw)

 15:13 <sil2100> rbasak: +1

 15:13 <cpaelzer> I didn't want to break the process either, if there ever is the "need" to do per mail pelase say so

 15:13 <sil2100> Ok, since tsimonq2's application was supposed to be earlier, I'd say let's start here

 15:14 <micahg> we've sometimes offered applicants who were bumped to apply by mail, but it usually ends up dragging out past the next meeting, so it doesn't make sense to continue doing so

 15:14 <micahg> bumped due to no quorum

 15:14 <sil2100> #topic MOTU Applications

 15:14 <sil2100> #subtopic Simon Quigley

 15:14 <sil2100> https://wiki.ubuntu.com/tsimonq2/Applications/MOTU

 15:15 <sil2100> tsimonq2: could you introduce yourself? :)

 15:15 <tsimonq2> Hi, my name is Simon Quigley, I'm a 15 year old living in Wisconsin, USA, and I've been an Ubuntu Member for 2.5 years now (I help with stuff like UWN and Lubuntu Release Management, and a couple more things). I have wanted to apply for MOTU for a while, but the documentation was (and quite frankly still is, Kubuntu was a big help) too poor to get me started.

 15:15 <tsimonq2> For reference: Launchpad page: https://launchpad.net/~tsimonq2

 15:15 <tsimonq2> Let me know if you have any questions. :)

 15:16 <sil2100> (I'll need a minute to read your application as I only prepared for cpaelzer's case today)

 15:16 <tsimonq2> Ok :)

 15:16 <rbasak> tsimonq2: you mean the documentation to apply for MOTU, or to become active with MOTU, or something else?

 15:16 <tsimonq2> rbasak: Well, the Packaging Guide and some wiki pages associated with it use a lot of outdated syntax (like, bzr stuff)

 15:17 <rbasak> Ah,  I see. So documentation on generally doing packaging work?

 15:17 <tsimonq2> rbasak: Very confusing if you're a contributor knowing nothing about the Ubuntu development side of things

 15:17 <rbasak> I appreciate that's a mess atm.

 15:17 <tsimonq2> Yeah.

 15:17 <tsimonq2> I didn't say anything when mitya57 said something on the mailing list (but should have, I have an active interest in updating it)

 15:17 <rbasak> FTR, I'm focusing on "git ubuntu" as the future recommended and documented way of doing things.

 15:17 <rbasak> Hopefully that'll avoid much of the cruft.

 15:18 <tsimonq2> rbasak: I hope so too :)

 15:18 <tsimonq2> Git is really really nice.

 15:19 <sil2100> Anyway, in the meantime, feel free to ask tsimonq2 questions

 15:19 <tsimonq2> But we can follow up later or another day about that... my point is, the documentation for new contributors is not as up-to-date as it should be.

 15:19 * rbasak is catching up with the application

 15:19 * BenC is as well

 15:21 <bdmurray> tsimonq2: You say that you could be a bit more patient. How does your impatience appear in your work?

 15:22 <sil2100> http://ubuntu-dev.alioth.debian.org/cgi-bin/ubuntu-sponsorships.cgi?render=html&sponsor_search=name&sponsoree=simon+Quigley&sponsoree_search=name <- sponsorship miner lookup

 15:23 <tsimonq2> bdmurray: So, every day I learn new tricks for my workflow, but there have been times (non security updates or SRUs, I test those heavily) where I've done iterations on a fix and then "just submitted" to my sponsor because I know they'll run it through sbuild/pbuild, and then they'll find mistakes because I wasn't patient enough to let sbuild finish... :P

 15:24 <micahg> I notice that a lot of the recent merges don't seem to close tracking bugs in launchpad

 15:24 <BenC> tsimonq2: To quote Adam Conrad “pbuild is not a test bed” :)

 15:25 <tsimonq2> (it's also a point to make that nowadays I'll often upload it to ppa:tsimonq2/universe-upload-testing and let it build there, then have $sponsor trigger autopkgtests so I can test those, that seems like a decent workflow)

 15:25 <bdmurray> tsimonq2: But if you have upload rights won't the $sponsor part be gone?

 15:26 <tsimonq2> bdmurray: But then I can trigger those tests myself, no?

 15:26 <BenC> Yeah, you’ll need to move that part of your workflow locally given the removal of the stop-gap that being in MOTU provides.

 15:27 <tsimonq2> Sure, I should put the same amount of effort in testing (i.e. build it locally, etc.) as with SRUs and security updates.

 15:28 <tsimonq2> I have the workflow (all of the tools set up (<3 sbuild)) but it's just a matter of making 100% sure that it works.

 15:28 <tsimonq2> But yeah, that won't be a hard thing to do.

 15:28 <rbasak> tsimonq2: can you upload anything already without sponsorship? Or would MOTU be the first?

 15:28 <tsimonq2> rbasak: MOTU would be the first

 15:28 <rbasak> OK

 15:29 <tsimonq2> (well, with the exception of Kubuntu Backports PPAs, but that's a different thing)

 15:29 <tsimonq2> (and that's not technically the archive)

 15:29 <rbasak> Can you give us some examples of when it would not be suitable to upload something please? For example if someone is asking you for sponsorship, what might you consider?

 15:30 <tsimonq2> 1. What does the Ubuntu delta look like? (my sponsors have been really big in helping me reduce those)

 15:30 <tsimonq2> 2. Does it build?

 15:30 <tsimonq2> 3. Is the diff/needed changes correct?

 15:30 <tsimonq2> I won't want to upload something that should go to Debian (trivial things like Standards-version bumps, etc.) unless there's circumstances that justify it

 15:31 <rbasak> Good answers, thanks. What about Ubuntu's release cycle? What are the events in the release cycle that might need consideration before upload?

 15:31 <tsimonq2> Feature Freeze

 15:31 <tsimonq2> That goshdarn Feature Freeze :P

 15:32 <rbasak> Any others?

 15:32 <tsimonq2> But yeah, just in general anything on here: https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ArtfulAardvark/ReleaseSchedule

 15:33 <rbasak> How might you determine if a particular package's bugfix you're about to upload is affected by a beta milestone freeze?

 15:34 <BenC> And have you ever stopped yourself from uploading based on these conditions, or has it always been a sponsor guiding you? What instances have you self regulated your upload in light of the conditions/schedule?

 15:35 <tsimonq2> rbasak: By looking at #ubuntu-release (which should, in theory, have it in the topic) - but to be honest, I usually assume that if images are spun up for the milestone (Monday, Tuesday *maybe*) that devel is frozen until the release of that milestone.

 15:35 <tsimonq2> (which should happen, no?)

 15:36 <rbasak> Unseeded packages are unaffected by image testing. But if you want to be more cautious than that, then that's fine :)

 15:36 <sil2100> tsimonq2: as for me, a quick question - could you tell me briefly what's the difference between universe and multiverse in Ubuntu?

 15:38 <tsimonq2> sil2100: MOTUs both have upload permissions for Universe and Multiverse, and Multiverse are packages with some sort of licensing issue (msttcorefonts (I think I spelled that wrong) for example), while Universe is Free-As-In-Open-Source packages.

 15:38 <tsimonq2> rbasak: To be fair, a lot of things I have to upload at that time are in one of those packagesets :P

 15:38 <sil2100> Ok

 15:38 <sil2100> No more questions from me

 15:39 <sil2100> tsimonq2: I guess BenC had one question there for you as well ^

 15:39 <tsimonq2> BenC: No, to be honest, because there hasn't been a need to (I've done the majority of my uploads in non-FeatureFreeze devels and Stable Releases)

 15:39 <micahg> tsimonq2: are you done with the upload once you (or your sponsor) dput to the archive?

 15:39 <tsimonq2> micahg: Nope

 15:39 <tsimonq2> micahg: Britney <3

 15:40 <tsimonq2> micahg: This is a cool little page, I don't use it for the content (as much, nice autopkgtest syntax) but it has excuses and output links: https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ProposedMigration

 15:40 <tsimonq2> micahg: (when I say "Britney" I mean, make sure it migrates from -proposed)

 15:41 <rbasak> I have no further questions, thanks.

 15:41 <micahg> So, I noticed that nodejs was uploaded on 8/17 (https://launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/nodejs/6.11.2~dfsg-2ubuntu1) and is still stuck, have you done any work on this? still stuck

 15:41 <micahg> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses.html#nodejs

 15:42 <tsimonq2> micahg: Yep, fails autopkgtest, it's on my todolist to look into

 15:42 <tsimonq2> (i.e. it's rdeps do, I remember that without looking at the page)

 15:43 <BenC> tsimonq2: At this point, do you feel you would be able to mentor someone into starting with MOTU?

 15:43 <tsimonq2> BenC: Yes, and I have already.

 15:43 <BenC> Excellent, that’s all I have.

 15:44 <sil2100> Any other questions?

 15:44 <sil2100> We have one more applicant so I'd like us to get on to voting

 15:45 <sil2100> #vote Grant tsimonq2 MOTU

 15:45 <meetingology> Please vote on: Grant tsimonq2 MOTU

 15:45 <meetingology> Public votes can be registered by saying +1, +0 or -1 in channel, (for private voting, private message me with 'vote +1/-1/+0 #channelname)

 15:45 <rbasak> +1

 15:45 <meetingology> +1 received from rbasak

 15:45 <bdmurray> +1

 15:45 <meetingology> +1 received from bdmurray

 15:45 <micahg> +0 a lot of great work, but I'd like to see a little more focus on shepherding things through proposed, especially things with a lot of rdeps like nodejs

 15:45 <meetingology> +0 a lot of great work, but I'd like to see a little more focus on shepherding things through proposed, especially things with a lot of rdeps like nodejs received from micahg

 15:46 <tsimonq2> micahg: Fair, thanks :)

 15:46 <sil2100> +1 (I am fairly satisfied with Simon's work so far, he's still learning the ropes but to me it's sufficient for MOTU)

 15:46 <meetingology> +1 (I am fairly satisfied with Simon's work so far, he's still learning the ropes but to me it's sufficient for MOTU) received from sil2100

 15:47 <BenC> +1

 15:47 <meetingology> +1 received from BenC

 15:47 <sil2100> #endvote

 15:47 <meetingology> Voting ended on: Grant tsimonq2 MOTU

 15:47 <meetingology> Votes for:4 Votes against:0 Abstentions:1

 15:47 <meetingology> Motion carried

 15:47 <sil2100> tsimonq2: congratulations!

 15:47 <tsimonq2> :D

 15:47 <tsimonq2> Thanks!

 15:47 <tsimonq2> \o/

 15:47 <micahg> tsimonq2: congrats

 15:48 <cpaelzer> gz tsimonq2

 15:48 <tsimonq2> :D

 15:48 <sil2100> tsimonq2: just remember, keep working on attention to detail and be sure not to leave packages rotting in -proposed!

 15:48 <tsimonq2> micahg: Like I said before, thanks for the review, I understand where you're coming from :)

 15:48 <tsimonq2> sil2100: Ok, thanks :)

 15:48 <sil2100> #action sil2100 to add tsimonq2 to MOTU and send announcements

 15:48 * meetingology sil2100 to add tsimonq2 to MOTU and send announcements

 15:49 <sil2100> #topic Core Developer Applications

 15:49 <sil2100> #subtopic Christian Ehrhardt

 15:49 <cpaelzer> Hello everybody

 15:49 <sil2100> https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ChristianEhrhardt/CoreDevApplication

 15:49 <sil2100> cpaelzer: please, introduce yourself o/

 15:50 <flexiondotorg> tsimonq2 Congratulations! Well deserved :-)

 15:50 <cpaelzer> Hi, my name is Christian Ehrhardt

 15:50 <cpaelzer> I'm 36 and working on Ubuntu as a main job for about 2 years now

 15:50 <cpaelzer> formerly an active user working on Linux on Mainframes

 15:51 <cpaelzer> which I still work on sometimes now for the server team that Im in

 15:51 <sil2100> http://ubuntu-dev.alioth.debian.org/cgi-bin/ubuntu-sponsorships.cgi?render=html&sponsor_search=name&sponsoree=christian+Ehrhardt&sponsoree_search=name <- sponsorship miner lookup

 15:51 <cpaelzer> Being on the Server Team my daily tasks mostly focus around the virtualization stack qemu/libvirt and all its deps

 15:51 <cpaelzer> more on dpdk/openvswitch

 15:51 <cpaelzer> but many more

 15:51 <cpaelzer> as there just are a lot of things distributed on (now) 4 people

 15:52 <cpaelzer> among others I also took over postrges from pitti when he left for example (together with nacc)

 15:52 <cpaelzer> there is so much more, not sure what to add

 15:52 <cpaelzer> default family setup - wife, 2 kids

 15:52 <rbasak> FTR, cpaelzer's application seems a bit thin on endorsements; I'd be happy to add mine.

 15:53 <cpaelzer> thanks rbasak, since I move through the applications rather quickly over the time I wanted to make sure I ahve different people every time

 15:53 <cpaelzer> so on motu / on ppu / on core dev

 15:53 <bdmurray> cpaelzer: Did you ask nacc for an endorsement?

 15:53 <cpaelzer> I didn't want the same names every time or you'd tihnk I just have a few people pushing me

 15:54 <cpaelzer> no because he would be "too close" for the same reason I didn't ask rbasak

 15:54 <cpaelzer> I believe in cross team endoresments carrying more weight

 15:54 <rbasak> cpaelzer is a colleague of mine. It's a pain that he isn't a core dev. Every so often we get blocked by something because he can't upload (or change a seed or whatever). Every time I've unblocked by sponsoring, cpaelzer's proposal has been correct and diligently formed.

 15:55 <sil2100> cpaelzer: I'll maybe ask the usual question - how would becoming a core dev make things easier for you and others?

 15:55 <sil2100> Oh, I see rbasak partially answered that ;)

 15:55 <cpaelzer> sil2100: well he has to some extend

 15:55 <cpaelzer> the point is - I'm not in foundations and upload core-dev things every day - surely not

 15:55 <cpaelzer> but

 15:56 <cpaelzer> growing into more and more ubuntu experience it happens more often to be blocked on a core-dev thing here and there

 15:56 <cpaelzer> enought to qualify for the application we concluded a while ago

 15:57 <nacc> I can also add mine (sorry, was afk for a moment) (my endorsement for cpaelzer)

 15:58 <rbasak> I've been asking cpaelzer to keep a list of blocked-because-not-core-dev things. IIRC, seed changes, bind9 and samba at least?

 15:58 <cpaelzer> I tracked 10 direct uploads from 24th March to 7th july that would have been core-dev tasks

 15:58 <cpaelzer> http://paste.ubuntu.com/25418221/

 15:58 <cpaelzer> I might have forgotten one

 15:58 <cpaelzer> but that is on the line to be often enough to kind of bottle-neck us more than it feels good

 15:58 <cpaelzer> which is the pain rbasak mentions

 15:59 <cpaelzer> and in any way this isn't about blindly pushing uploads all the time - I think we are all over that - it is about being able to do so when needed

 15:59 <cpaelzer> and in terms of extra core dev tasks like piloting I'm already active (yet on the smaller subset so far)

 15:59 <rbasak> So I'd probably best abstain from this vote especially as everyone else is here. As I work with cpaelzer closely I know him well and so have no questions.

 16:00 <rbasak> I'm happy to answer questions in respect of my endorsement of him of course.

 16:00 <BenC> rbalint: If you were to vote, I assume it woukd be +1?

 16:00 <BenC> *rbasak

 16:01 <rbasak> BenC: indeed

 16:01 <sil2100> rbasak: I don't think you should abstain, there's no rule saying this is a bad thing - you have good understanding of his work so I don't see any reason not to

 16:01 <sil2100> I wouldn't like people to think about votes being 'biased' or something

 16:01 <rbasak> sil2100: I'll vote if needed to break a tie or achieve quroum.

 16:02 <sil2100> Makes sense

 16:02 <sil2100> cpaelzer: besides the work you mentioned, did you have any opportunity to do out-of-team work on +1 maintenance tasks?

 16:03 <rbasak> Technically I suppose that's not abstaining at all because by definition if I only vote to break a tie that's the only case my vote would matter anyway. Never mind!

 16:03 <sil2100> Like, helping with trensitions, resolving NBSes?

 16:03 <sil2100> *transitions

 16:03 <cpaelzer> ah thanks, I was about to ask :-)

 16:04 <cpaelzer> in smaller parts I meet transitions in the virt stack every cycle, but havn't pushed a full scale transition like a toolchain

 16:04 <cpaelzer> I worked with nacc postgresql

 16:04 <cpaelzer> which will likely next cycle meet such a transition

 16:04 <sil2100> Ok

 16:05 <cpaelzer> NBS I met in some sense

 16:05 <sil2100> cpaelzer: while we're at it, do you know what an NBS is and how one can potentially resolve it?

 16:05 <cpaelzer> the one that lib versions disappear - that was a big issue in DPDK (crazy soname handling - bleieve me)

 16:05 <cpaelzer> the outcome of that was that I eventually drove a change upstream that allows downstreams to define a major ABI (a bit like libboost)

 16:06 <cpaelzer> that is not adapted by Debian and Ubuntu and it seems other Distros soon

 16:07 <cpaelzer> sil2100: on your follow on questison now ...

 16:07 <cpaelzer> while resolving often has a lot more details, the "main" part is to get all rdeps updated and no more depending on the old one

 16:07 <cpaelzer> NBS can be more than soname drops thou

 16:08 <cpaelzer> I didn't face the upstream-rename case yet

 16:08 <cpaelzer> in most cases eventually the NBS has to be removed

 16:09 <cpaelzer> to avoid carrying an unmaintained old version along

 16:09 <cpaelzer> and avoid people still e.g. building against it

 16:09 <cpaelzer> but as I said many things depend on the case

 16:10 <cpaelzer> in general I do not pretend to know *all* things a core-dev does, but "asking when you are not sure" is a wise habit no matter of the approved devloper level

 16:10 <cpaelzer> there always will be one extra thing you haven't seen/done before

 16:10 <sil2100> cpaelzer: good enough for me, thanks ;)

 16:10 * sil2100 is in another meeting now so context-switching

 16:10 <cpaelzer> sorry, didn't want to drag this over the allocated time

 16:11 <cpaelzer> other questions?

 16:12 <cpaelzer> I hope we didn't loose all others due to passing the hour ... oO

 16:12 <bdmurray> not from me

 16:12 <sil2100> Ok, any other questions? Or should we move to voting?

 16:15 <sil2100> I guess not!

 16:15 <sil2100> Let's vote

 16:15 <sil2100> #vote Grant cpaelzer core-dev

 16:15 <meetingology> Please vote on: Grant cpaelzer core-dev

 16:15 <meetingology> Public votes can be registered by saying +1, +0 or -1 in channel, (for private voting, private message me with 'vote +1/-1/+0 #channelname)

 16:15 <bdmurray> +1

 16:15 <meetingology> +1 received from bdmurray

 16:16 <micahg> +1

 16:16 <meetingology> +1 received from micahg

 16:19 <rbasak> BenC: ?

 16:19 <bdmurray> sil2100: did you want to vote?

 16:20 <sil2100> +1 (I'm a bit worried about the not much all-around-Ubuntu work, but his experience and work so far is sufficient for core-dev rights anyway)

 16:20 <meetingology> +1 (I'm a bit worried about the not much all-around-Ubuntu work, but his experience and work so far is sufficient for core-dev rights anyway) received from sil2100

 16:20 * micahg just wanted to add a reminder to use -v when uploading merges to get the full changelog diff

 16:20 <sil2100> (sorry, hard being at two meetings at once)

 16:21 <cpaelzer> micahg: fair, that was a "personal lessons" learned on double uploads to SRUs about 2 months ago

 16:22 <cpaelzer> in general on any fault - no one is perfect let me know and I'll adapt as good as possible

 16:23 * rbasak files bug 1713530

 16:23 <ubottu> bug 1713530 in usd-importer ""git ubuntu build" doesn't use -v for merges" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1713530

 16:23 <cpaelzer> micahg: I think I see your point on merges in that regard - to list the Debian-changes in between - is that correct?

 16:23 <micahg> cpaelzer: yep

 16:24 <cpaelzer> rbasak: you are good I can close my current window reporting just that :-)

 16:24 <rbasak> :-)

 16:24 <rbasak> IMHO the fact that uploaders have to remember all these arbitrary rules is a problem :)

 16:25 <cpaelzer> I add an example to the bugs that matches the case micahg mentioned

 16:25 <rbasak> Our git workflow "knows" what's going on so should be able to do it automatically now I think.

 16:25 <tsimonq2> rbasak: true, again, documentation :P

 16:25 <micahg> yeah, it would be nice if the tools did it

 16:25 <cpaelzer> documention is what is ignored or forgottern

 16:25 <cpaelzer> tools win clearly

 16:25 <nacc> cpaelzer: rbasak: thank you

 16:25 <rbasak> BenC: vote?

 16:26 <micahg> well, I'm in favor of the people knowing and the tools doing, it's good to know what's going on behind the scenes, at least what's directly related to what one is doing

 16:27 <micahg> otherwise, one can't know if the tool is doing the right thing :)

 16:27 <rbasak> In general I agree. In this case, it's an implementation detail though. I don't know exactly how Launchpad or britney is implemented either.

 16:28 <rbasak> In time, I'd like to see dput replaced with git. Completely.  At that point, debian/changelog would be moot, and so -v would be also.

 16:28 <rbasak> Until then, I agree that uploaders need to know these things. But I'm not proud of that fact :-/

 16:29 <cpaelzer> I hope we didn't loose BenC :-/

 16:29 <rbasak> I said I'd vote to achieve quorum if needed.

 16:29 <rbasak> If we assume that quorum is still four (I'm not sure it is but that's another discussion), and we appear to have lost BenC, then I can vote to settle this.

 16:31 <sil2100> rbasak: please do

 16:31 <sil2100> I guess he's out ;)

 16:31 <rbasak> +1

 16:31 <meetingology> +1 received from rbasak

 16:31 <sil2100> (I'd assume so since 30 minutes over the meeting time might mean that)

 16:32 <sil2100> #endvote

 16:32 <meetingology> Voting ended on: Grant cpaelzer core-dev

 16:32 <meetingology> Votes for:4 Votes against:0 Abstentions:0

 16:32 <meetingology> Motion carried

 16:33 <sil2100> cpaelzer: congratulations! (took longer than we expected ;p)

 16:33 <cpaelzer> Thank you!

 16:33 <sil2100> Since I'm handling tsimonq2, I'll pick up this cpaelzer as well as it's a quick thing to do

 16:33 <sil2100> #action sil2100 to add cpaelzer to core-dev and send announcements

 16:33 * meetingology sil2100 to add cpaelzer to core-dev and send announcements

 16:33 <sil2100> #topic AOB

 16:33 <tsimonq2> Thanks again :D

 16:33 <sil2100> So I guess let's just quickly touch base on our DMB expired members

 16:34 <sil2100> We have 2 seats free and 3 candidates, we need to set up the vote mechanism

 16:34 <sil2100> Could someone take care of that

 16:34 <sil2100> ?

 16:35 <sil2100> rbasak, bdmurray, micahg: ^ ?

 16:36 <sil2100> I originally wanted to volunteer, but I see now that I have a bit much for this week, would be worried that it'd get delayed because of that

 16:37 <bdmurray> sil2100: I can fit it in

 16:37 <sil2100> bdmurray: that would be excellent, thanks!

 16:38 <sil2100> From other things: please take a look at Balint's e-mail application

 16:38 <sil2100> (hasting here since we're past our meeting time)

 16:39 <sil2100> Ok, anything else or can we wrap?

 16:39 <sil2100> WRAP! BLAM

 16:39 <sil2100> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)