== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 09 Apr at 15:02 &mdash; 15:20 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2015/ubuntu-meeting.2015-04-09-15.02.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning round ===
The discussion about "Lightning round" started at 15:03.

  * ''LINK:'' https://code.launchpad.net/~barry/ubuntu-system-image/server-si30-configd 

=== AOB ===
The discussion about "AOB" started at 15:15.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * slangasek (40)
 * mvo (20)
 * sil2100 (16)
 * stgraber (15)
 * cyphermox (14)
 * infinity (11)
 * jodh (11)
 * barry (10)
 * ubottu (9)
 * caribou (8)
 * doko (7)
 * robru (5)
 * meetingology (3)



== Full Log ==


 15:02 <slangasek> #startmeeting

 15:02 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Apr  9 15:02:46 2015 UTC.  The chair is slangasek. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 15:02 <meetingology> 

 15:02 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 15:03 <slangasek> [TOPIC] Lightning round

 15:03 <slangasek> $ echo $(shuf -e barry doko stgraber jodh bdmurray slangasek caribou infinity mvo sil2100 robru cyphermox)

 15:03 <slangasek> infinity: hi dere

 15:03 <slangasek> infinity bdmurray sil2100 stgraber barry robru caribou cyphermox jodh doko mvo slangasek

 15:03 <infinity> - Kernel SRU releases

 15:03 <infinity> - General SRU/AA work

 15:03 <infinity> - Lots of vivid queue reviews

 15:03 <infinity> - Fixed docker 1.5 on arm64

 15:03 <infinity> - Sorted systemd sysv compat bug in Debian and Ubuntu

 15:03 <infinity> - Worked with benh on rescuing postal (ongoing)

 15:03 <infinity> - Merged some bugfixes from Debian (lshw, kmod)

 15:03 <infinity> - Sorted some transitions

 15:03 <infinity> - Started work on backlog of ppc64el bugs

 15:03 <infinity> (done)

 15:04 <mvo> bdmurray is on vac iirc(?)

 15:04 <slangasek> correct

 15:04 <slangasek> sil2100:

 15:04 <sil2100> ok

 15:05 <sil2100> - Landing team work, silo coordination, preparing landing e-mails

 15:05 <sil2100> - Documenting the ongoing OTA-3 milestone

 15:05 <sil2100> - Moar CI Train spreadsheet issues

 15:05 <sil2100> * Futile dealing with the aftermath

 15:05 <sil2100> * Filling an official google support case, pushing that forward

 15:05 <sil2100> * Disabling more scripts - no change

 15:05 <sil2100> - RTM status meeting and discussions

 15:05 <sil2100> - RTM - vivid archive delta:

 15:05 <sil2100> * Making the script more verbose and configurable

 15:05 <sil2100> - Dealing with multiple OTA-3 issues, discussing schedule

 15:05 <sil2100> - Analyzing the possible ways to proceed with the new RTM branching and vivid+1

 15:05 <sil2100> - Preparing the release process presentation for OSD in Poland

 15:05 <sil2100> - Holidays and some other stuff I forgot

 15:05 <sil2100> (done)

 15:05 <stgraber> - LXC/LXD

 15:05 <stgraber> - Released LXD 0.6 on Tuesday, uploaded to archive, PPAs, ...

 15:05 <stgraber> - Reworking our PPA layout to have builds for all git branches + stable releases + lts releases

 15:05 <stgraber> - Got all the test failures for lxc, lxcfs and cgmanager sorted out in vivid

 15:05 <stgraber> - Various bugfixes and feature work on LXC and LXD

 15:05 <stgraber> - Preparing a bunch of talks for various conferences

 15:05 <stgraber> - Code reviews, bug triaging, other admin paperwork

 15:06 <stgraber> - Other

 15:06 <stgraber> - queuebot fix

 15:06 <stgraber> - system-image discussion with barry + code reviews

 15:06 <stgraber> - vivid queue reviews

 15:06 <stgraber> - Some more work on a security fix.

 15:06 <stgraber> (done)

 15:06 <slangasek> barry is at PyCon this week, presumably not attending the meeting

 15:06 <slangasek> robru:

 15:06 <robru> * short week due to easter

 15:06 <robru> * lots of struggles / failed iterations with CI Engine

 15:06 <robru> * lots of struggles with juju breaking due to systemd transition in vivid (and several failed attempts at using juju 1.23 beta which claims to fix this)

 15:06 <robru> (done)

 15:07 <slangasek> robru: so is that still failing for you?

 15:07 <slangasek> caribou:

 15:07 <caribou> Bugfix:

 15:07 <caribou> - rsyslog memory leak on Trusty : Not more than ~60Mb leak identified

 15:07 <caribou> - Endless openafs dkms fix backport II

 15:07 <caribou> * Setup test environment to verify precise backport

 15:07 <caribou> - Cherry-picked commit to fix makedumpfile segfaults (LP: #1441042)

 15:07 <slangasek> "not more than 60MB"? :)

 15:07 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1441042 in makedumpfile (Ubuntu Trusty) "makedumpfile fails with segfault" [Medium,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1441042

 15:07 <caribou> (done)

 15:08 <cyphermox> * bug 1428005 (grub2 arp packets, with infinity's help)

 15:08 <cyphermox> * more time spent on plymouth/casper input handling issue

 15:08 <cyphermox> * investigation on bug 1418706; UEFI blank drive detection

 15:08 <ubottu> bug 1428005 in grub2 (Ubuntu) "ISST-LTE: Ubuntu15.04 installation fails with Shiner network Adapter" [High,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1428005

 15:08 <ubottu> bug 1418706 in ubiquity (Ubuntu) "Vivid: UEFI: blank drive incorrectly detected as existing BIOS-mode install" [Critical,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1418706

 15:08 <caribou> slangasek: I had people claiming for much more than that

 15:08 <cyphermox> * network-manager-applet and NM code reviews.

 15:08 <cyphermox> * review/testing more multipath patches: 1436020, 1429327, 1441930.

 15:08 <cyphermox> * trying to reduce the AP list pruning timeout (bug 1425172)

 15:08 <ubottu> bug 1425172 in Canonical System Image "Network indicator lists the non-exist AP (timeout for the AP to be removed is too big, ~6min)" [Critical,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1425172

 15:08 <slangasek> "Your logger only leaks 96 IBM PCs-worth"

 15:08 <cyphermox> - will need moar testing.

 15:08 <cyphermox> - indicator-network might have to do more pruning using last-seen.

 15:08 <cyphermox> * NM routing issue on the phone on wifi -> 3G transition (bug 1436427)

 15:08 <ubottu> bug 1436427 in network-manager (Ubuntu RTM) "Turning off WiFi doesn't set a route after the modem connects data" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1436427

 15:08 <cyphermox> (done)

 15:08 <robru> slangasek: well juju-local is totally busted, yes. bootstack works but that s-i charm is not actually deployable.

 15:08 <jodh> * misc:

 15:08 <jodh> - Short week as out Friday+Monday.

 15:08 <jodh> * snappy:

 15:08 <jodh> - lp:~jamesodhunt/ubuntu/vivid/ubuntu-core-upgrader/handle-invalid-removed-file

 15:08 <jodh> - Finished test rework.

 15:08 <jodh> - lp:~jamesodhunt/ubuntu/vivid/ubuntu-core-upgrader/implement-format-command:

 15:08 <jodh> - Wrote tests and raised MP (merged).

 15:08 <jodh> - lp:~jamesodhunt/snappy/suppress-progress-if-no-terminal:

 15:08 <jodh> - Branch to address bug 1438889.

 15:08 <ubottu> bug 1438889 in snappy-ubuntu "unhelpful syslog entries" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1438889

 15:08 <jodh> - Bit of investigation into bug 1438420.

 15:08 <ubottu> bug 1438420 in snappy-ubuntu "snappy install --allow-unauthenticated changes ownership of snap" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1438420

 15:08 <jodh> Äµ

 15:09 <mvo> doko is at pycon too I gues

 15:09 <mvo> Short week due to easter vacation.

 15:09 <mvo> apt:

 15:09 <mvo> - Debug/fix crash #1436626

 15:09 <mvo> aptdaemon:

 15:09 <mvo> - Review/merge/upload fix for #1436725

 15:09 <mvo> update-manager:

 15:09 <slangasek> yes

 15:09 <mvo> - Drive-by fix/SRU for #1441157

 15:09 <mvo> snappy:

 15:09 <mvo> - some debsigs work

 15:09 <mvo> - various fixes for the upcoming image promotion

 15:09 <mvo> - upload snappy dependencies into main archive

 15:09 <mvo> - fix device tarball generation for armhf/BBB

 15:10 <mvo> misc:

 15:10 <mvo> - travel preparing (e.g. new passport)

 15:10 <mvo> (done)

 15:10 <doko> - start vivid test rebuilds (normal and using GCC 5)

 15:10 <doko> - investigate and file GCC 5 issues found in the test rebuild

 15:10 <doko> - investigate remaining python3 issues for the desktop images, fix some issues

 15:10 <doko> - two bank holidays, travelling to PyCon, Python Language Summit

 15:10 <doko> (done)

 15:10 <slangasek> oh, hi doko :)

 15:10 * barry waves too

 15:11 <slangasek> barry: hi! any status update for you?

 15:11 <barry> a little...

 15:11 <barry> mostly pyconning (language summit chair, etc)

 15:11 <barry> also last week

 15:11 <barry> https://code.launchpad.net/~barry/ubuntu-system-image/server-si30-configd

 15:11 <barry> that's a mp for si 3.0 support in the server, awaiting review

 15:12 <barry> once that lands, we can start getting si 3.0 client in the train

 15:12 <barry> --done--

 15:12 <stgraber> I'll try to do a round of reviews today or tomorrow

 15:12 <mvo> barry: nice to see this landing!

 15:12 <slangasek> barry: ok. so you are still aiming to land s-i 3.0 before vivid release?

 15:12 <barry> stgraber: awesome, thanks.  not that i'll have much time to follow up this week, but much appreciated!

 15:12 <mvo> stgraber: could you ping me once that is ready on the server? we need to move snappy to this asap

 15:12 <barry> slangasek: maybe ;)

 15:12 <slangasek> ok

 15:13 <slangasek> * Debugging of systemd never booting to console login if a configured network interface doesn't come up (bug #1325376)

 15:13 <ubottu> bug 1325376 in Stratagus "Trying to add code for disabled graphics." [Undecided,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1325376

 15:13 <slangasek> * pitti fixed the systemd issues; cloud-init package currently in the queue

 15:13 <slangasek> * snappy -proposed -> devel image promotion planned for this week (in progress)

 15:13 <slangasek> * discussions around landing spreadsheet replacement, in the face of recurring outages

 15:13 <slangasek> * working towards getting a supported internal system-image server configuration, to address needs for not-yet-public phone testing

 15:13 <slangasek> * discussed with the landing team enabling phased updates for the next BQ OTA update

 15:13 <slangasek> * prepping for next week's Core sprint

 15:13 <slangasek> * investigation of a broken package install in the Software Center

 15:13 <slangasek> (done)

 15:13 <slangasek> erm ok that's not the right bug

 15:13 <slangasek> bug #1425376

 15:13 <ubottu> bug 1425376 in cloud-init (Ubuntu) "Ubuntu Core provides no console login prompt if network is unavailable" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1425376

 15:13 <slangasek> :)

 15:13 <slangasek> any questions?

 15:13 <stgraber> mvo: sure

 15:15 <slangasek> [TOPIC] AOB

 15:15 <slangasek> anything else?

 15:15 <slangasek> everyone knows where they're going to be on Monday? :)

 15:15 <slangasek> (or Sunday evening)

 15:16 <infinity> Not here?

 15:16 <cyphermox> working?

 15:16 <mvo> :)

 15:16 <slangasek> cyphermox: Sunday evening!? no, welcome drinks

 15:16 <caribou> fighting sleep deprivation ?

 15:16 <doko> cyphermox, stgraber, barry: dinner tonight?

 15:17 <cyphermox> doko: barry: maybe more drinks, but late? I have another dinner :/

 15:17 <cyphermox> actually, I should probably confirm

 15:18 <slangasek> you can have two dinners and drinks

 15:18 <slangasek> ok seriously - anything else to take care of here? :)

 15:18 <doko> slangasek, was this an offer to double expense? ;-P

 15:18 * sil2100 just got really angry at google just now

 15:18 <cyphermox> stgraber: need a lift to the airport on sunday?

 15:18 <slangasek> doko: cyphermox said he had to have two dinners, he doesn't get a per diem at home ;)

 15:20 <slangasek> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)