== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 02 Jul at 17:02 &mdash; 17:19 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2015/ubuntu-meeting.2015-07-02-17.02.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

''LINK:'' https://launchpad.net/~ubuntu-l10n-kab had somebody want to join and get that team more active, but the previous owner wasn't responding
''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/CommunityCouncilAgenda 



== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * dholbach (29)
 * mhall119 (16)
 * meetingology (4)
 * czajkowski (1)



== Full Log ==


 17:02 <dholbach> #startmeeting

 17:02 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Jul  2 17:02:06 2015 UTC.  The chair is dholbach. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 17:02 <meetingology> 

 17:02 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 17:02 <dholbach> #chair czajkowski mhall119

 17:02 <meetingology> Current chairs: czajkowski dholbach mhall119

 17:03 <mhall119> satyajit said he might make it

 17:04 <mhall119> then you asked about a differnet time, yes

 17:04 <dholbach> I think Tim and Ali (both admins of https://launchpad.net/~ubuntu-gnome) are in .au, so not likely to turn up now

 17:04 <dholbach> I'll ping them on the mail again

 17:04 <dholbach> shall we move on?

 17:04 <mhall119> sure

 17:04 <dholbach> do we have people from the translations community here?

 17:07 <dholbach> hohum

 17:07 <dholbach> looks like everyone is out in the sun somewhere :)

 17:08 <mhall119> so I have one thing to bring up on the topic of translations

 17:08 <dholbach> I couldn't find any of the folks from https://launchpad.net/~ubuntu-translations-coordinators/+members#active in here

 17:09 <dholbach> mhall119, sure... if we can discuss it with the people present here?

 17:09 <mhall119> more of just an update

 17:09 <dholbach> shoot

 17:09 <mhall119> https://launchpad.net/~ubuntu-l10n-kab had somebody want to join and get that team more active, but the previous owner wasn't responding

 17:09 <mhall119> ultimately an RT was filed and ownership transfered to the new contributor

 17:10 <mhall119> but we might want to do a global check-in with translator team leads to make sure they're still active

 17:10 <mhall119> because I suspect there are others in the same situation

 17:11 <dholbach> ok, that makes sense

 17:12 <mhall119> is this something we can get the translators team to take the lead on? and if so, who is a good point of contact on there to coordinate with?

 17:12 <dholbach> maybe just the ubuntu translations coordinators team list?

 17:12 <mhall119> where is that?

 17:12 <dholbach> ubuntu-translations-coordinators@lists.launchpad.net

 17:13 <dholbach> I can send a mail and include our IRC discussion

 17:13 <dholbach> as a starting point for a discussion

 17:13 <mhall119> +1, thanks dholbach

 17:13 <dholbach> cool, I'll do that then

 17:15 <mhall119> that's all I had, anybody else?

 17:15 <dholbach> I'm trying to figure out which times to offer to them - or shall we repurpose one of our private meetings?

 17:16 <dholbach> https://wiki.ubuntu.com/CommunityCouncilAgenda

 17:16 <mhall119> dholbach: offer whom?

 17:16 <dholbach> the translations community

 17:16 <dholbach> so we can have another catchup

 17:17 <dholbach> and not postpone it until next cycle

 17:17 <mhall119> ah, ok, yeah we can re-purpose a hangout day

 17:17 <dholbach> ok cool

 17:17 <mhall119> of do the 5th thursday of this month

 17:17 <dholbach> mail sent

 17:17 <dholbach> does anyone have anything else to discuss?

 17:17 <dholbach> czajkowski, ^

 17:18 <czajkowski> no

 17:18 <dholbach> in that case: let's wrap up

 17:18 <dholbach> have a great rest of your day everyone - see you tomorrow!<

 17:19 <dholbach> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)