== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 14 Sep at 16:41 &mdash; 16:59 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2015/ubuntu-meeting.2015-09-14-16.41.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting 
=== Announcements ===
The discussion about "Announcements" started at 16:41.


=== Weekly stand-up report ===
The discussion about "Weekly stand-up report" started at 16:42.


=== Highlighted packages ===
The discussion about "Highlighted packages" started at 16:56.

  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/lasso.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/oftc-hybrid.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/libjbcrypt-java.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/kdepim.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/libinfinity.html 

=== Miscellaneous and Questions ===
The discussion about "Miscellaneous and Questions" started at 16:57.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * tyhicks (29)
 * mdeslaur (7)
 * jdstrand (5)
 * sbeattie (5)
 * chrisccoulson (4)
 * meetingology (3)
 * sarnold (2)
 * ubottu (1)



== Full Log ==


 16:41 <tyhicks> #startmeeting

 16:41 <meetingology> Meeting started Mon Sep 14 16:41:47 2015 UTC.  The chair is tyhicks. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:41 <meetingology> 

 16:41 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 16:41 <tyhicks> The meeting agenda can be found at:

 16:41 <tyhicks> [LINK] https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting

 16:41 <tyhicks> [TOPIC] Announcements

 16:42 <tyhicks> Thanks to Stefan Bader (smb) for his help on security updates for xen last week. Your work is very much appreciated and will keep Ubuntu users secure. Great job! :)

 16:42 <tyhicks> [TOPIC] Weekly stand-up report

 16:42 <tyhicks> jdstrand: you're up

 16:43 <jdstrand> so I've got a number of snappy things on my plate. namely, some doc writing and helping tyhicks prepare for a sprint next week

 16:44 <jdstrand> there are two snappy investigations I need to finish up with emails to the architects

 16:44 <jdstrand> then there is the golang/juju MIRs. for the moment, I've provided everything they need to do in terms of packaging, but I imagine there are going to be numerous followups

 16:45 <jdstrand> that's it from me

 16:45 <jdstrand> mdeslaur: you're up

 16:45 <mdeslaur> I'm on community this week

 16:45 <mdeslaur> I have patch piloting to do tomorrow

 16:45 <mdeslaur> I'm currently testing some unity-settings-daemon and icu updates

 16:45 <mdeslaur> and am working on openldap updates

 16:46 <mdeslaur> and will pick up some more after

 16:46 <mdeslaur> that's about it from me

 16:46 <mdeslaur> sbeattie: you're up

 16:46 <sbeattie> I'm on security bug triage this week

 16:47 <sbeattie> I'm also continuing to come up to speed on the kernel sign-off/triage process

 16:47 <sbeattie> I'm doing more test builds with gcc-pie, and am looking to do some benchmarking this week

 16:48 <sbeattie> I also have some apparmor patches to review.

 16:48 <sbeattie> That's it for me. tyhicks?

 16:48 <tyhicks> I'm on CVE triage this week

 16:49 <tyhicks> I'm preparing for the snappy sprint

 16:49 <tyhicks> that includes some design work, preparing presentations, and some reviews of existing designs

 16:50 <tyhicks> I'll be poking at SRU'ing the fixes for bug #1478087

 16:50 <ubottu> bug 1478087 in lightdm (Ubuntu Wily) "ISST-LTE: aureport -l couldn't print out login info on ubuntu 14.04.3" [Undecided,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1478087

 16:50 <tyhicks> and there's an embargoed issue that deserves some attention, too

 16:51 <tyhicks> I think that's it for me

 16:52 <tyhicks> jjohansen: are you around?

 16:53 <tyhicks> lets come back to him

 16:53 <tyhicks> sarnold: go ahead

 16:53 <sarnold> I'm in the happy place this week; I'm working on the juju-core MIR, I'll move to the fwupdate MIR once finished, and if there's still time left in the week, start the lxd MIR. I'll also help along with an embargoed issue if needed.

 16:54 <sarnold> I think that's it for me, chrisccoulson?

 16:54 <chrisccoulson> This week I'll be preparing the next Firefox release

 16:54 <chrisccoulson> I also need to spend some time getting trunk building, again

 16:55 <chrisccoulson> Other than that, I'll be working through some bugs on https://launchpad.net/oxide/+milestone/branch-1.11

 16:55 <chrisccoulson> I think that's me done

 16:56 <tyhicks> ok

 16:56 <tyhicks> [TOPIC] Highlighted packages

 16:56 <tyhicks> The Ubuntu Security team will highlight some community-supported packages that might be good candidates for updating and or triaging. If you would like to help Ubuntu and not sure where to start, this is a great way to do so.

 16:56 <tyhicks> See https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/UpdateProcedures for details and if you have any questions, feel free to ask in #ubuntu-security. To find out other ways of helping out, please see https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/GettingInvolved.

 16:56 <tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/lasso.html

 16:56 <tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/oftc-hybrid.html

 16:56 <tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/libjbcrypt-java.html

 16:56 <tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/kdepim.html

 16:57 <tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/libinfinity.html

 16:57 <tyhicks> [TOPIC] Miscellaneous and Questions

 16:57 <tyhicks> Does anyone have any other questions or items to discuss?

 16:59 <tyhicks> jdstrand, mdeslaur, sbeattie, sarnold, ChrisCoulson: Thanks!

 16:59 <tyhicks> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)