== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 21 Sep at 16:30 &mdash; 16:53 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2015/ubuntu-meeting.2015-09-21-16.30.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting 
=== Weekly stand-up report ===
The discussion about "Weekly stand-up report" started at 16:31.


=== Highlighted packages ===
The discussion about "Highlighted packages" started at 16:50.

  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/gdm.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/libpoe-component-pubsub-perl.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/pxz.html 

=== Miscellaneous and Questions ===
The discussion about "Miscellaneous and Questions" started at 16:51.

  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/aria2.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/vxl.html 



== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * tyhicks (23)
 * sbeattie (7)
 * chrisccoulson (6)
 * sarnold (5)
 * jdstrand (5)
 * jjohansen (5)
 * mdeslaur (4)
 * meetingology (3)
 * ubottu (2)



== Full Log ==


 16:30 <tyhicks> #startmeeting

 16:30 <meetingology> Meeting started Mon Sep 21 16:30:50 2015 UTC.  The chair is tyhicks. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:30 <meetingology> 

 16:30 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 16:30 <tyhicks> The meeting agenda can be found at:

 16:31 <tyhicks> [LINK] https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting

 16:31 <tyhicks> [TOPIC] Weekly stand-up report

 16:31 <tyhicks> jdstrand: you're up

 16:32 <jdstrand> hey

 16:33 <jdstrand> so this week I'm finishing up some new snappy policy groups, working on documentation and helping tyhicks with anything for next week

 16:33 <jdstrand> I'm also working on helping the golang/juju/lxd mirs along

 16:34 <jdstrand> that's it from me

 16:34 <jdstrand> mdeslaur: you're up

 16:34 <mdeslaur> I'm in the happy place this week

 16:34 <mdeslaur> I'm currently working on two embargoed issues

 16:34 <mdeslaur> and if I have time, I'll pick something off the CVE list

 16:34 <mdeslaur> that's it from me, sbeattie&

 16:34 <sbeattie> I'm on community this week

 16:35 <sbeattie> I'm also working on some gcc-pie rebuilds, and fixing up an oversight in the patch I have (not enabling bind-now as well)

 16:36 <sbeattie> I have some apparmor patches to review

 16:36 <sbeattie> And I have a few things to address in QRT that kernel team testing has highlighted.

 16:36 <sbeattie> Also, I guess I have been volunteered to do an update later this week.

 16:37 <sbeattie> That's probably it for me.

 16:37 <sbeattie> tyhicks: you're up.

 16:38 <tyhicks> I'm on bug triage this week

 16:39 <tyhicks> I'll mainly be preparing for the snappy sprint (creating presentations and finishing up spec docs)

 16:39 <tyhicks> I'll also be helping out with an embargoed issue as time allows

 16:39 <tyhicks> that's it for me

 16:39 <tyhicks> jjohansen: you're up

 16:39 <jjohansen> I am working on apparmor stacking and bugs this week, specifically bug 1496430 and 1448912

 16:40 <ubottu> bug 1496430 in AppArmor "Docker-1.8.2 can't create container, due to apparmor denying 'disconnected path'" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1496430

 16:40 <ubottu> bug 1448912 in AppArmor "BUG: unable to handle kernel NULL pointer dereference (aa_label_merge)" [Medium,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1448912

 16:40 <jjohansen> oh and I suppose I need to respond to the aa-sha1sum email

 16:41 <jjohansen> maybe commit a set of Makefile patches

 16:42 <jjohansen> I don't really expect to get to anything else, but if I finishes those I will go back to other aspects of stacking

 16:43 <jjohansen> thats it for me sarnold you're up

 16:43 <sarnold> I'm on cve triage this week

 16:44 <sarnold> I'm hoping to finish the fwupdpate MIR today, ought to be doable if mitre wasn't too busy over the weekend, then start the lxd MIR

 16:44 <sarnold> lxd will likely take the remainder of the week

 16:45 <sarnold> if not into next week a bit, again depending upon how busy the thousand gnomes over at mitre are this week

 16:45 <sarnold> that's it for me, chrisccoulson?

 16:46 <chrisccoulson> This week I've got a Firefox update to do (and maybe Thunderbird as well)

 16:46 <chrisccoulson> I've just done Flash

 16:47 <chrisccoulson> In addition to that, I'm going to be moving us to using Mozilla's new symbol upload API for Firefox build symbols

 16:47 <chrisccoulson> I plan to finish off https://code.launchpad.net/~zaspire/oxide/web-notifications_v2/+merge/262466

 16:47 <chrisccoulson> Other than that, I'll be working through Oxide bugs as usual

 16:47 <chrisccoulson> that's me done

 16:50 <tyhicks> thanks!

 16:50 <tyhicks> [TOPIC] Highlighted packages

 16:51 <tyhicks> The Ubuntu Security team will highlight some community-supported packages that might be good candidates for updating and or triaging. If you would like to help Ubuntu and not sure where to start, this is a great way to do so.

 16:51 <tyhicks> See https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/UpdateProcedures for details and if you have any questions, feel free to ask in #ubuntu-security. To find out other ways of helping out, please see https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/GettingInvolved.

 16:51 <tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/gdm.html

 16:51 <tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/libpoe-component-pubsub-perl.html

 16:51 <tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/pxz.html

 16:51 <tyhicks> [TOPIC] Miscellaneous and Questions

 16:51 <tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/aria2.html

 16:51 <tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/vxl.html

 16:51 <tyhicks> Does anyone have any other questions or items to discuss?

 16:53 <tyhicks> jdstrand, mdeslaur, sbeattie, jjohansen, sarnold, ChrisCoulson: Thanks!

 16:53 <tyhicks> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)