== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 17 Aug at 16:45 &mdash; 17:09 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2015/ubuntu-meeting.2015-08-17-16.45.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting 
=== Weekly stand-up report ===
The discussion about "Weekly stand-up report" started at 16:45.


=== Highlighted packages ===
The discussion about "Highlighted packages" started at 17:02.

  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/djbdns.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/libjboss-cache1-java.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/libnids.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/ircd-hybrid.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/dwarfutils.html 

=== Miscellaneous and Questions ===
The discussion about "Miscellaneous and Questions" started at 17:02.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * jdstrand (24)
 * mdeslaur (9)
 * chrisccoulson (3)
 * meetingology (3)
 * sarnold (2)



== Full Log ==


 16:45 <jdstrand> #startmeeting

 16:45 <meetingology> Meeting started Mon Aug 17 16:45:25 2015 UTC.  The chair is jdstrand. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:45 <meetingology> 

 16:45 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 16:45 <jdstrand> The meeting agenda can be found at:

 16:45 <jdstrand> [LINK] https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting

 16:45 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Weekly stand-up report

 16:45 <jdstrand> I'll go first

 16:47 <jdstrand> I'm working on tooling around the Built-Using field in Packages files so we can get good reporting for things like static golang builds. that will support an interim process for golang packages in main until the shared lib support for archive builds is finished

 16:47 <jdstrand> I'll be working on defining that interim process too

 16:48 <jdstrand> in addition, I'm participating in various MIR conversations/follow-ups

 16:48 <jdstrand> I've got design/doc reviews I need to get through

 16:48 <jdstrand> and an embargoed issue

 16:50 <jdstrand> that's it from me. mdeslaur, you're up (note sb eattie is out)

 16:50 <mdeslaur> I'm on community this week, and triage too today and friday

 16:51 <mdeslaur> I have patch piloting tomorrow

 16:51 <mdeslaur> I'm currently publishing net-snmp CVEs

 16:51 <mdeslaur> and have an embargoed issue to work on to publish this week

 16:51 <mdeslaur> I have a trip report to write

 16:51 <mdeslaur> and after that, I'll continue going down the cve list

 16:51 <mdeslaur> that's it from me

 16:51 <mdeslaur> uh

 16:51 <mdeslaur> sarnold: you're up

 16:53 <sarnold> I'm in happy place this week; I'm travelling to linux plumbers for much of the week. I have some packages that I started working on for community last week to finish up today, an embargoed issue that needs some more discussion with the team, and start in on the juju MIR

 16:53 <sarnold> that's it for me, jjohansen?

 16:58 <jdstrand> I haven't seen jj this morning, let's move on to chrisccoulson

 17:01 <chrisccoulson> This week, I'll be getting thunderbird 38.2.0 out

 17:01 <chrisccoulson> Other than that, I'll be working on Oxide bugs as best as I can without an internet connection

 17:01 <chrisccoulson> I think that's me done

 17:02 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Highlighted packages

 17:02 <jdstrand> The Ubuntu Security team will highlight some community-supported packages that might be good candidates for updating and or triaging. If you would like to help Ubuntu and not sure where to start, this is a great way to do so.

 17:02 <jdstrand> See https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/UpdateProcedures for details and if you have any questions, feel free to ask in #ubuntu-security. To find out other ways of helping out, please see https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/GettingInvolved.

 17:02 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/djbdns.html

 17:02 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/libjboss-cache1-java.html

 17:02 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/libnids.html

 17:02 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/ircd-hybrid.html

 17:02 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/dwarfutils.html

 17:02 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Miscellaneous and Questions

 17:02 <jdstrand> Does anyone have any other questions or items to discuss?

 17:09 <jdstrand> mdeslaur, sarnold, chrisccoulson: thanks!

 17:09 <jdstrand> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)