== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting: ubuntu-server-team, 21 Apr at 16:00 &mdash; 16:16 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2015/ubuntu-meeting.2015-04-21-16.00.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Review ACTION points from previous meeting ===
The discussion about "Review ACTION points from previous meeting" started at 16:00.

  * ''ACTION:'' jamespage provide feedback on bugs 1425288 and 1425128

=== Vivid Development ===
The discussion about "Vivid Development" started at 16:02.

  * ''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/VividVervet/ReleaseSchedule 
 * '''Release Bugs''' (16:04)
  * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-v-tracking-bug-tasks.html#ubuntu-server 
 * '''Blueprints''' (16:06)
  * ''LINK:'' http://status.ubuntu.com/ubuntu-v/group/topic-v-server.html 
  * ''LINK:'' https://blueprints.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+spec/topic-v-server 

=== Server & Cloud Bugs (caribou) ===
The discussion about "Server & Cloud Bugs (caribou)" started at 16:07.


=== Weekly Updates & Questions for the QA Team (matsubara) ===
The discussion about "Weekly Updates & Questions for the QA Team (matsubara)" started at 16:08.


=== Weekly Updates & Questions for the Kernel Team (smb, sforshee, arges) ===
The discussion about "Weekly Updates & Questions for the Kernel Team (smb, sforshee, arges)" started at 16:09.


=== Ubuntu Server Team Events ===
The discussion about "Ubuntu Server Team Events" started at 16:12.


=== Open Discussion ===
The discussion about "Open Discussion" started at 16:14.


=== Announce next meeting date, time and chair ===
The discussion about "Announce next meeting date, time and chair" started at 16:15.




== Vote results ==




== Action items, by person ==

 * jamespage
  * jamespage provide feedback on bugs 1425288 and 1425128



== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * smoser (46)
 * arges (11)
 * hallyn_ (5)
 * meetingology (4)
 * ubottu (3)
 * jamespage (3)
 * beisner (1)
 * smb (1)



== Full Log ==


 16:00 <smoser> #startmeeting ubuntu-server-team

 16:00 <meetingology> Meeting started Tue Apr 21 16:00:45 2015 UTC.  The chair is smoser. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:00 <meetingology> 

 16:00 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 16:00 <beisner> o/

 16:00 <smoser> #topic Review ACTION points from previous meeting

 16:01 <smoser> action items.

 16:01 <smoser> jamespage, provide feedback on bugs 1425288 and 1425128

 16:01 <ubottu> bug 1425128 in linux (Ubuntu Trusty) "bcache causes task hang with 3.13 kernel" [Medium,Incomplete] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1425128

 16:01 <ubottu> bug 1425288 in linux (Ubuntu) "kernel NULL pointer dereference during bcache cache_set_flush call" [High,Incomplete] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1425288

 16:01 * jamespage sighs

 16:01 <jamespage> i've not gone back to those problems again

 16:01 <jamespage> I wonder whether rharper has hit similar issues?

 16:02 <smoser> #action jamespage provide feedback on bugs 1425288 and 1425128

 16:02 * meetingology jamespage provide feedback on bugs 1425288 and 1425128

 16:02 <smoser> shall bother rharper off line

 16:02 <smoser> #topic Vivid Development

 16:02 <smoser> #link https://wiki.ubuntu.com/VividVervet/ReleaseSchedule

 16:03 <smoser> well, we've almost made it.

 16:03 <smoser> just ~ 48 hours till another release.

 16:04 <smoser> unless you have found some dead kittens around your Vivid systems, you're probably looking toward the Woeful Wombat or SRU

 16:04 <smoser> #subtopic Release Bugs

 16:05 <smoser> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-v-tracking-bug-tasks.html#ubuntu-server

 16:05 <smoser> the cloud-init ones are both definitely triaged.

 16:06 <smoser> cloud-utils shoudl be marked fixed i think. i'll look at that.

 16:06 <smoser> anyone have comments on ohter bus there ?

 16:06 <smoser> #subtopic Blueprints

 16:07 <smoser> #link http://status.ubuntu.com/ubuntu-v/group/topic-v-server.html

 16:07 <smoser> #link https://blueprints.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+spec/topic-v-server

 16:07 <smoser> anyone have anything they want to raise here ?

 16:07 <smoser> given the current status of vivid, anything not DONE will need to be carried over

 16:07 <smoser> please do take some time to do that for your items

 16:07 <smoser> #topic Server & Cloud Bugs (caribou)

 16:08 <smoser> hm.. caribou is on the loose.

 16:08 <smoser> anyone have anything here ?

 16:08 <smoser> seeing none, moving on.

 16:08 <smoser> #topic Weekly Updates & Questions for the QA Team (matsubara)

 16:08 <smoser> wow. no matsubara either.

 16:08 <smoser> does anyone have anything *here* ?

 16:09 * smoser feels lonely

 16:09 <smoser> #topic Weekly Updates & Questions for the Kernel Team (smb, sforshee, arges)

 16:09 <smb> Not from me but arges got something...

 16:09 <smoser> smb is always ready.

 16:09 <arges> Hi

 16:09 <arges> So I'd like to add --enable-debug when building the qemu package

 16:09 <arges> so I can use gdb with it

 16:09 <arges> bug 1444057

 16:09 <ubottu> bug 1444057 in qemu (Ubuntu) "gdb remote target of a guest VM fails to continue" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1444057

 16:10 <arges> If you guys have time (which i'm assuming you dont this week) can you test drive the PPA on that bug to see if perf is worse with that flag added?

 16:10 <hallyn_> arges: i'm wondering whether it's not a bug in qemu, bc i'm pretty sure that in precise this all worked

 16:10 <hallyn_> without needing --debug

 16:10 <hallyn_> i'll look into it some more next week

 16:10 <arges> hallyn_: yea I'd try just hacking the configure file to not build with -O2 and see what happens

 16:10 <arges> mabye its a latent gdb bug

 16:10 <hallyn_> but in the meantime yes, ^ tests would be appreciated so we have the data

 16:11 <hallyn_> arges: yeah my step one will be reproduce in precise to maek sur ei'm not simply wrong :)(

 16:11 <arges> ok thanks

 16:11 <arges> yup

 16:11 <arges> ..

 16:12 <smoser> shall we move on?

 16:12 <arges> smoser: yup

 16:12 * smoser thanks our kernel experts

 16:12 <smoser> #topic Ubuntu Server Team Events

 16:12 <smoser> we should probably consider this meeting cancelled for next week, as most of the Canonical team members will not be present

 16:13 <smoser> as there is a sprint at the time.

 16:13 <smoser> anything else ?

 16:14 <smoser> #topic Open Discussion

 16:14 <smoser> anything here?

 16:15 <smoser> alright. well, we'll see you 2 weeks from now.

 16:15 <smoser> thanks everyone.

 16:15 <smoser> #topic Announce next meeting date, time and chair

 16:15 <smoser> It looks like it will be a Cinco De Mayo themed celebration

 16:16 <smoser> Tuesday 2015-05-05 at 1600 UTC - #ubuntu-meeting

 16:16 <smoser> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)