== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting: ubuntu-server-team, 14 Apr at 16:04 &mdash; 16:23 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2015/ubuntu-meeting.2015-04-14-16.04.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Review ACTION points from previous meeting ===
The discussion about "Review ACTION points from previous meeting" started at 16:04.


=== Vivid Development ===
The discussion about "Vivid Development" started at 16:05.

  * ''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/VividVervet/ReleaseSchedule 
 * '''Release Bugs''' (16:08)
  * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-v-tracking-bug-tasks.html#ubuntu-server 
 * '''Blueprints''' (16:14)
  * ''LINK:'' http://status.ubuntu.com/ubuntu-v/group/topic-v-server.html 
  * ''LINK:'' https://blueprints.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+spec/topic-v-server 

=== Server & Cloud Bugs (caribou) ===
The discussion about "Server & Cloud Bugs (caribou)" started at 16:16.


=== Weekly Updates & Questions for the QA Team (matsubara) ===
The discussion about "Weekly Updates & Questions for the QA Team (matsubara)" started at 16:16.

  * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu-test-cases/+bug/1443988 doesn't look good

=== Weekly Updates & Questions for the Kernel Team (smb, sforshee, arges) ===
The discussion about "Weekly Updates & Questions for the Kernel Team (smb, sforshee, arges)" started at 16:19.


=== Ubuntu Server Team Events ===
The discussion about "Ubuntu Server Team Events" started at 16:20.

  * ''LINK:'' http://www.mug.org/ 

=== Open Discussion ===
The discussion about "Open Discussion" started at 16:22.


=== Announce next meeting date, time and chair ===
The discussion about "Announce next meeting date, time and chair" started at 16:22.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * gaughen (58)
 * smoser (12)
 * ubottu (10)
 * rbasak (9)
 * hallyn_ (4)
 * strikov (3)
 * meetingology (3)
 * matsubara (3)
 * jamespage (1)



== Full Log ==


 16:04 <gaughen> #startmeeting ubuntu-server-team

 16:04 <meetingology> Meeting started Tue Apr 14 16:04:04 2015 UTC.  The chair is gaughen. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:04 <meetingology> 

 16:04 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 16:04 <gaughen> #topic Review ACTION points from previous meeting

 16:04 <gaughen> okay y'all, let's get going. 1st up is to review action points.

 16:04 <gaughen> jamespage, the only followup was for you - to provide feedback on bugs 1425288 and 1425128

 16:04 <ubottu> bug 1425128 in linux (Ubuntu Trusty) "bcache causes task hang with 3.13 kernel" [Medium,Incomplete] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1425128

 16:04 <ubottu> bug 1425288 in linux (Ubuntu) "kernel NULL pointer dereference during bcache cache_set_flush call" [High,Incomplete] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1425288

 16:05 <gaughen> jamespage, I don't see comments on either bugs from you, so I would say that action point is still needed and this is your reminder to provide feedback on those bugs.

 16:05 <gaughen> okay, moving on to vivid development

 16:05 <gaughen> #topic Vivid Development

 16:05 <gaughen> #link https://wiki.ubuntu.com/VividVervet/ReleaseSchedule

 16:06 <jamespage> o/

 16:06 <gaughen> final freeze is Thursday

 16:06 <gaughen> and the release is next week

 16:06 <gaughen> smoser, rbasak, strikov, hallyn_ anything hot that we should discuss leading up to the release?

 16:07 <hallyn_> there's some lxc issues, but discussion isn' twhat's needed

 16:07 <gaughen> hallyn_, just fixing?

 16:07 <hallyn_> yes

 16:07 <smoser> nice.

 16:07 <gaughen> okay, then I'll move on

 16:07 <rbasak> I've also been busy fixing things but nothing to raise.

 16:07 <gaughen> thanks guys

 16:07 <strikov> juju-1.23 (most likely) won't be ready until the release; so i'm packaging 1.22.1 for both vivid and trusty

 16:08 <smoser> utlemming / Odd_bloke moight have a bug in azure cloud-init

 16:08 <smoser> i'll follow up there.

 16:08 <gaughen> strikov, I was thinking about that and will send email, but we should talk about what we want to document about juju-1.22 and the local provider

 16:08 <gaughen> #subtopic Release Bugs

 16:08 <gaughen> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-v-tracking-bug-tasks.html#ubuntu-server

 16:08 <gaughen> let's look at that link....

 16:09 <gaughen> rbasak, you're looking at this one right - https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/mysql-5.6/+bug/1427406

 16:09 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1427406 in mysql-5.6 (Ubuntu Vivid) "data corruption on arm64" [Critical,Confirmed]

 16:09 <gaughen> if I recall correctly this is the one that hallyn_ pulled you, rbasak, into

 16:09 <rbasak> I don't feel I have any action to take on that bug.

 16:10 <rbasak> I need a patch that is confirmed to work and not break things on other architectures.

 16:10 <gaughen> ah I see comment #4 where you said that, rbasak  :-)

 16:10 <rbasak> Usually this means upstream acceptance for something this complicated.

 16:11 <hallyn_> looks like dannf proposed a patch,

 16:11 <gaughen> rbasak, is it worth touching base with dannf to see if he's pushing this along?

 16:12 <strikov> gaughen: patch is related to reworking locking primitives which means that the fact that it fixes exact issue doesn't mean that it won't break anything else (unexpectedly).

 16:12 <hallyn_> right

 16:12 <gaughen> strikov, good point.

 16:12 <strikov> gaughen: it means that we either need to have good enough test suite or (better) wait for upstreaming the change

 16:13 <gaughen> strikov, rbasak I'm wondering if I should reach out to Norvald or Ahkil on this

 16:13 <gaughen> anyhow, let's keep this mtg moving

 16:14 <rbasak> Thanks strikov - you summarised my concerns well.

 16:14 <gaughen> smoser, looks like you've got one on the list - https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/landscape-client/+bug/1427275

 16:14 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1427275 in vim (Ubuntu Vivid) "clean cloud images of python2" [High,Confirmed]

 16:14 <gaughen> just reminding you

 16:14 <rbasak> We can speak to Norvald/Akhil though I'm not sure what their goals are around ppc64.

 16:14 <gaughen> #subtopic Blueprints

 16:14 <gaughen> #link http://status.ubuntu.com/ubuntu-v/group/topic-v-server.html

 16:14 <gaughen> #link https://blueprints.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+spec/topic-v-server

 16:15 <gaughen> not much to say here now. If a task isn't done, it's really too late for the release. We should make sure things are cleaned up and I'll work to create new w blueprints so we can start populating for next release

 16:15 <smoser> gaughen, i'll fix bug. hopefully that will be fixed in 15.10.

 16:16 <gaughen> #topic Server & Cloud Bugs (caribou)

 16:16 <gaughen> doesn't seem like caribou is online today

 16:16 <gaughen> #topic Weekly Updates & Questions for the QA Team (matsubara)

 16:16 <matsubara> I have identified the root cause for most of the smoke test failures and filed bug reports for each one of them. They are bug 1443987, bug 1443988, bug 1443990, bug 1443997 and bug 1443999

 16:16 <ubottu> bug 1443987 in Ubuntu Test Cases "vivid lamp smoke test failing due to a change in mysql number of tables" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1443987

 16:16 <ubottu> bug 1443988 in Ubuntu Test Cases "Vivid raid1 smoke test fail to mount root partition" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1443988

 16:16 <ubottu> bug 1443990 in Ubuntu Test Cases "vivid minimal virtual test fails due to a mismatch in the expected installed size and the maximum allowed size" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1443990

 16:16 <ubottu> bug 1443997 in Ubuntu Test Cases "vivid's openssh and sambe smoke tests failing due to missing paramiko package" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1443997

 16:16 <ubottu> bug 1443999 in Ubuntu Test Cases "lvm and multi-lvm smoke tests failing to complete install" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1443999

 16:16 <gaughen> excellent.

 16:16 <matsubara> that's all from me.

 16:17 <gaughen> thanks matsubara

 16:17 <gaughen> matsubara, any of them particular urgent?

 16:17 <gaughen> particularly

 16:17 <rbasak> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu-test-cases/+bug/1443988 doesn't look good

 16:17 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1443988 in Ubuntu Test Cases "Vivid raid1 smoke test fail to mount root partition" [Undecided,New]

 16:17 * gaughen hopes the caffeine kicks in soon so I can spell

 16:18 <rbasak> Need to check if that's valid.

 16:18 <matsubara> I'll be fixing the first 4 ones and proposing the changes to the test cases. The lvm one still needs proper analysis

 16:18 <smoser> the other 3 are arguably test case failures.

 16:18 <smoser> their failures suck in that we aren't able to actually verify what they want.

 16:18 <smoser> but they're not bugs themeselves in anything but the test cases.

 16:19 <gaughen> good point smoser

 16:19 <gaughen> okay keeping things moving. great discussion gusy.

 16:19 <gaughen> guys

 16:19 <rbasak> smoser: I agree except for maybe 988.

 16:19 <gaughen> #topic Weekly Updates & Questions for the Kernel Team (smb, sforshee, arges)

 16:20 <gaughen> not sure the kernel folks are on today as they are sprinting and I hear the wifi isn't so fabulous

 16:20 <gaughen> #topic Ubuntu Server Team Events

 16:20 <gaughen> smoser, you're presenting at a lug this week, aren't you?

 16:21 <smoser> indeed

 16:21 <smoser> http://www.mug.org/

 16:21 <gaughen> oh tonight!

 16:21 <gaughen> smoser, will it be recorded? I thought a previous one was recorded.

 16:21 <smoser> yeah, book your flight.

 16:21 <gaughen> :-)

 16:21 <smoser> it probalby will be recorde

 16:22 <gaughen> any other events?

 16:22 <gaughen> nope. moving on ....

 16:22 <gaughen> #topic Open Discussion

 16:22 <gaughen> anything else to talk about today?

 16:22 <gaughen> #topic Announce next meeting date, time and chair

 16:22 <gaughen> smoser, you are the chair next week!

 16:23 <gaughen> same bat time, same bat channel (same time, same day, same irc channel but next week)

 16:23 <gaughen> thanks all!

 16:23 <smoser> awesome.

 16:23 <gaughen> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)