== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 31 Mar at 16:01 &mdash; 16:16 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2015/ubuntu-meeting.2015-03-31-16.01.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Review ACTION points from previous meeting ===
The discussion about "Review ACTION points from previous meeting" started at 16:02.


=== Vivid Development ===
The discussion about "Vivid Development" started at 16:02.

  * ''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/VividVervet/ReleaseSchedule 
 * '''Release Bugs''' (16:03)
  * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-v-tracking-bug-tasks.html#ubuntu-server 
 * '''Blueprints''' (16:04)
  * ''LINK:'' http://status.ubuntu.com/ubuntu-v/group/topic-v-server.html 

=== Server & Cloud Bugs (caribou) ===
The discussion about "Server & Cloud Bugs (caribou)" started at 16:06.


=== Weekly Updates & Questions for the QA Team (matsubara) ===
The discussion about "Weekly Updates & Questions for the QA Team (matsubara)" started at 16:08.

  * ''LINK:'' http://d-jenkins.ubuntu-ci:8080/view/Vivid/view/Smoke%20Testing/ 

=== Weekly Updates & Questions for the Kernel Team (smb, sforshee, arges) ===
The discussion about "Weekly Updates & Questions for the Kernel Team (smb, sforshee, arges)" started at 16:09.

  * ''ACTION:'' jamespage to provide feedback on bugs 1425288 and 1425128

=== Ubuntu Server Team Events ===
The discussion about "Ubuntu Server Team Events" started at 16:13.


=== Open Discussion ===
The discussion about "Open Discussion" started at 16:14.


=== Announce next meeting date, time and chair ===
The discussion about "Announce next meeting date, time and chair" started at 16:15.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * matsubara (30)
 * ubottu (4)
 * meetingology (4)
 * smb (4)
 * strikov (2)
 * caribou (2)
 * coreycb (1)
 * rbasak (1)
 * beisner (1)



== Full Log ==


 16:01 <matsubara> #startmeeting

 16:01 <meetingology> Meeting started Tue Mar 31 16:01:43 2015 UTC.  The chair is matsubara. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:01 <meetingology> 

 16:01 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 16:01 <matsubara> hello there

 16:01 <rbasak> o/

 16:02 <matsubara> #topic Review ACTION points from previous meeting

 16:02 <matsubara> no action items from last meeting

 16:02 <matsubara> #topic Vivid Development

 16:02 <beisner> o/ hi all

 16:02 <matsubara> #link https://wiki.ubuntu.com/VividVervet/ReleaseSchedule

 16:02 <caribou> o/

 16:02 <coreycb> o/

 16:03 <strikov> o/

 16:03 <matsubara> #subtopic Release Bugs

 16:03 <matsubara> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-v-tracking-bug-tasks.html#ubuntu-server

 16:03 <matsubara> that report is empty for me

 16:03 <matsubara> really odd that sometimes it works and sometimes it doesn't

 16:04 * matsubara matsubara to chase someone in the QA team to fix http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-v-tracking-bug-tasks.html#ubuntu-server

 16:04 <matsubara> #subtopic Blueprints

 16:04 <matsubara> #link http://status.ubuntu.com/ubuntu-v/group/topic-v-server.html

 16:05 <matsubara> how's that coming along? reminder to all to keep the blueprint status up to date

 16:06 <matsubara> #topic Server & Cloud Bugs (caribou)

 16:07 <matsubara> anything from you caribou?

 16:08 <caribou> nothing on my side, was sprinting all week

 16:08 <matsubara> thanks caribou

 16:08 <matsubara> #topic Weekly Updates & Questions for the QA Team (matsubara)

 16:09 <matsubara> There are still some smoke tests from UTAH failing on daily basis. It's in my todo list to look for the root cause and file bugs for it.

 16:09 <matsubara> #link http://d-jenkins.ubuntu-ci:8080/view/Vivid/view/Smoke%20Testing/

 16:09 <matsubara> #topic Weekly Updates & Questions for the Kernel Team (smb, sforshee, arges)

 16:09 <smb> Only wanted to mention that some bcache related bugs would still require some feedback (bug 1425288 and bug 1425128).

 16:09 <ubottu> bug 1425288 in linux (Ubuntu) "kernel NULL pointer dereference during bcache cache_set_flush call" [High,Incomplete] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1425288

 16:09 <ubottu> bug 1425128 in linux (Ubuntu Trusty) "bcache causes task hang with 3.13 kernel" [Medium,Incomplete] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1425128

 16:09 <smb> That would be all from my side.

 16:10 <strikov> smb: Thanks for your nested kvm fix btw

 16:11 <smb> :) you are welcome

 16:11 <matsubara> smb, thanks. Any specific people in the server team needs to look at those?

 16:11 <smb> Not sure who jamespage mentioned last time

 16:13 <matsubara> #action jamespage to provide feedback on bugs 1425288 and 1425128

 16:13 * meetingology jamespage to provide feedback on bugs 1425288 and 1425128

 16:13 <ubottu> bug 1425128 in linux (Ubuntu Trusty) "bcache causes task hang with 3.13 kernel" [Medium,Incomplete] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1425128

 16:13 <ubottu> bug 1425288 in linux (Ubuntu) "kernel NULL pointer dereference during bcache cache_set_flush call" [High,Incomplete] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1425288

 16:13 <matsubara> thanks smb

 16:13 <matsubara> #topic Ubuntu Server Team Events

 16:14 <matsubara> None that I'm aware of

 16:14 <matsubara> #topic Open Discussion

 16:15 <matsubara> #topic Announce next meeting date, time and chair

 16:16 <matsubara> next meeting same time next week, Apr 7th. gaughen will chair

 16:16 <matsubara> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)