== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 17 Sep at 15:02 &mdash; 15:21 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2015/ubuntu-meeting.2015-09-17-15.02.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning round ===
The discussion about "Lightning round" started at 15:02.


=== team sprint ===
The discussion about "team sprint" started at 15:14.


=== AOB ===
The discussion about "AOB" started at 15:16.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * tdaitx (33)
 * slangasek (32)
 * ubottu (24)
 * sil2100 (20)
 * bdmurray (19)
 * cyphermox (19)
 * infinity (16)
 * pitti (11)
 * caribou (9)
 * barry (6)
 * meetingology (3)



== Full Log ==


 15:02 <slangasek> #startmeeting

 15:02 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Sep 17 15:02:05 2015 UTC.  The chair is slangasek. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 15:02 <meetingology> 

 15:02 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 15:02 <slangasek> [TOPIC] Lightning round

 15:02 <slangasek> $ echo $(shuf -e barry doko bdmurray slangasek caribou infinity sil2100 robru cyphermox pitti tdaitx)

 15:02 <slangasek> barry tdaitx sil2100 doko caribou robru cyphermox bdmurray pitti infinity slangasek

 15:02 <barry> \o/

 15:02 <barry> more py35 stuff. cmd2 0.6.8-0ubuntu1; LP: #1491888; LP: #1488175; LP: #1491620 & Debian bug #797840; pycparser 2.14+dfsg-2; pytest 2.7.3-1; mugshot -.3.0-0ubuntu4; python-future 0.15.2-1; LP: #1491878 & python-babel 1.3+dfsg.1-6; genshi 0.7-5; investigated pyke ftbfs (it's dead upstream afaict).

 15:02 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1491888 in cliff "python-cliff 1.14.0 ftbfs with Python 3.5 in Wily" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1491888

 15:02 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1488175 in Autopilot "FTBFS on Wily" [Undecided,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1488175

 15:02 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1491620 in ply (Ubuntu) "ply 3.4-5 ftbfs with Python 3.5" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1491620

 15:02 <ubottu> Debian bug 797840 in src:ply "ply: Please upload ply 3.7, or wait for Python 3.5 compatibility" [Normal,Fixed] http://bugs.debian.org/797840

 15:02 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1491878 in python-babel (Ubuntu) "python-babel 1.3+dfsg.1-5 ftbfs in Wily" [High,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1491878

 15:02 <barry> investigated LP: #1495688 & LP: #1495207

 15:02 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1495688 in Ubuntu system image "system-image-cli tool fails on dangling symlink" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1495688

 15:02 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1495207 in system-image (Ubuntu) "BQ E4.5 (r24): after fine update to r25 system is reported as r-1 and as "never" updated" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1495207

 15:02 <barry> interviews

 15:02 <barry> --done--

 15:02 <tdaitx> Current/Past

 15:02 <tdaitx> - fixed JDK 7 TLS 1.2 and JDK 6 TLS 1.1 regressions; new webrevs are available

 15:02 <tdaitx> - setup UMT locally; investigating sbuild charm to maybe try umt on canonistack

 15:02 <tdaitx> - created MIR request for bats (LP: #1496050)

 15:02 <tdaitx> - refactored JRuby 3310 PR (now closed), new PR 3331 has been proposed

 15:02 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1496050 in bats (Ubuntu) "[MIR] bats" [Undecided,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1496050

 15:02 <tdaitx> - squid3 FTBFS: fixed 2 of 3 issues (LP: #1496223); updated glibc to 2.22 for testing and then realized that the PPA would not use it

 15:02 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1496223 in squid3 (Ubuntu) "squid3 FTBFS due to linux-libc-dev and libc6-dev headers mismatch" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1496223

 15:02 <tdaitx> - moving TCK to canonistack, learning and investigating how to create a charm to run it

 15:03 <tdaitx> Next steps

 15:03 <tdaitx> - complete moving TCK to canonistack and run the full suite

 15:03 <tdaitx> - FTBFS fixes and triaging

 15:03 <tdaitx> Waiting/On hold

 15:03 <tdaitx> - waiting OCA to submit webrevs for 7093640 backport (set TLS 1.1 as default for JDK 6 and TLS 1.2 as default for JDK 7); not blocking anything for now, just waiting

 15:03 <tdaitx> - headers mismatch between linux-libc-dev_4.2.0-10.11 and libc6-dev_2.21-0ubuntu4 causes squid3 to FTBFS (LP: #1496223); how to proceed?

 15:03 <tdaitx> (done)

 15:03 <tdaitx> Current/Past

 15:03 <pitti> tdaitx: UMT?

 15:03 <tdaitx> - fixed JDK 7 TLS 1.2 and JDK 6 TLS 1.1 regressions; new webrevs are available

 15:03 <tdaitx> - setup UMT locally; investigating sbuild charm to maybe try umt on canonistack

 15:03 <tdaitx> - created MIR request for bats (LP: #1496050)

 15:03 <tdaitx> - refactored JRuby 3310 PR (now closed), new PR 3331 has been proposed

 15:03 <tdaitx> - squid3 FTBFS: fixed 2 of 3 issues (LP: #1496223); updated glibc to 2.22 for testing and then realized that the PPA would not use it

 15:03 <tdaitx> - moving TCK to canonistack, learning and investigating how to create a charm to run it

 15:03 <tdaitx> Next steps

 15:03 <tdaitx> - complete moving TCK to canonistack and run the full suite

 15:03 <tdaitx> - FTBFS fixes and triaging

 15:03 <sil2100> ugh, double paste!

 15:03 <tdaitx> Waiting/On hold

 15:03 <tdaitx> - waiting OCA to submit webrevs for 7093640 backport (set TLS 1.1 as default for JDK 6 and TLS 1.2 as default for JDK 7); not blocking anything for now, just waiting

 15:03 <tdaitx> - headers mismatch between linux-libc-dev_4.2.0-10.11 and libc6-dev_2.21-0ubuntu4 causes squid3 to FTBFS (LP: #1496223); how to proceed?

 15:03 <tdaitx> (done)

 15:03 <tdaitx> ops, double post, sorry

 15:03 <tdaitx> twice done I would say

 15:03 <tdaitx> pitti, this -> https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/BuildEnvironment#Setting_up_and_using_UMT

 15:04 <sil2100> - First week after holidays!

 15:04 <sil2100> - Landing team work, silo coordination, preparing landing e-mails

 15:04 <sil2100> - Preparing meizu.zh re-releases for OTA-6

 15:04 <sil2100> - Ubuntu-PD:

 15:04 <sil2100> * Adding the pocket-desktop seed

 15:04 <sil2100> * Releasing the new ubuntu-touch-meta with ubuntu-pocket-desktop

 15:04 <sil2100> * Preparing livecd-rootfs for building ubuntu-pd images

 15:04 <sil2100> - appmenu-qt5:

 15:04 <sil2100> * Preparing and testing initial version of Qt5 platformmenu shortcuts fix

 15:04 <sil2100> - RTM Status meetings

 15:04 <sil2100> - Updating seeds as per various requests

 15:04 <sil2100> - CI Train:

 15:04 <sil2100> * Preparing quick-fix for archive permissions check

 15:04 <sil2100> * Quick-fix for small issue with certain cases of merge & clean

 15:04 <sil2100> - Investigating strange build failures in the CI Train

 15:04 <sil2100> (done)

 15:05 <slangasek> no doko here; caribou

 15:05 <caribou> Bugfix:

 15:05 <caribou> - Bug #1434684 : not a bug

 15:05 <ubottu> bug 1434684 in corosync (Ubuntu Trusty) "Pacemaker is not started and stopped automatically with Corosync" [Undecided,Invalid] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1434684

 15:05 <caribou> - CVE work with Pitti

 15:05 <caribou> - Bug #1494141 - haproxy 1.5 does not terminate

 15:05 <ubottu> bug 1494141 in trusty-backports "HAProxy 1.5 init script does not terminate processes" [Medium,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1494141

 15:05 <caribou> - Bug #1496317 Wily failed kdump crash

 15:05 <ubottu> bug 1496317 in kexec-tools (Ubuntu) "kexec fails with OOM killer with the current crashkernel=128 value" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1496317

 15:05 <caribou> - Bug #1469054 - SRUed fix for warning msg on Trusty

 15:05 <ubottu> bug 1469054 in makedumpfile (Ubuntu Trusty) "Unsupported kernel warning while running makedumpfile" [Medium,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1469054

 15:05 <caribou> ☑ Done

 15:06 <bdmurray> robru is out right?

 15:06 <slangasek> robru is on vacation this week

 15:06 <slangasek> cyphermox:

 15:08 <cyphermox> - still working on fwupdate.

 15:08 <cyphermox> - reviewed, sponsored packages for Ubuntu-MATE

 15:08 <cyphermox> - debugging + fix for LP: #1479213 in grub-installer (> 26 disk installs)

 15:08 <cyphermox> - also the SRUs of the fix to trusty and vivid (in the queue now)

 15:08 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1479213 in grub-installer (Ubuntu Trusty) "ISST-SAN: fsp-chip: Alpine: LE-UBUNTU 15.10: LPAR chip01 unable to install base OS due to inability to install the GRUB boot loader on hard disk" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1479213

 15:08 <cyphermox> - SRU for network-manager LP: #1436330

 15:08 <slangasek> tdaitx: bug #1496223 - a header mismatch between libc6 and linux-libc-dev is a bug in those packages; open tasks against glibc and linux on that bug?

 15:08 <cyphermox> - debugging unity-control-center issue

 15:08 <ubottu> bug 1496223 in squid3 (Ubuntu) "squid3 FTBFS due to linux-libc-dev and libc6-dev headers mismatch" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1496223

 15:08 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1436330 in network-manager (Ubuntu Vivid) "Network Manager doesn't set metric for local networks any more, causing connection issues" [Critical,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1436330

 15:08 <cyphermox> - ubiquity:

 15:08 <cyphermox> - fix crasher bug LP: #1495017 due to bad GetDevices() call.

 15:08 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1495017 in ubiquity (Ubuntu Wily) "ubiquity crashed with permission error on NetworkManager GetDevices() call" [High,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1495017

 15:08 <cyphermox> - merged multiple fixes to autopilot tests from Dan Chapman

 15:08 <cyphermox> - merged icon-theme fix for tests from Laney.

 15:08 <cyphermox> - sponsored kbd fix for wily LP: #869017

 15:08 <cyphermox> - debugging grub-install issue in LP: #1487365

 15:08 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 869017 in kbd (Ubuntu) "Ubuntu server enables screenblanking, concealing crashdumps (DPMS is not used)" [Medium,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/869017

 15:08 <cyphermox> - reviewing LP: #1469143, LP: #1482851

 15:08 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1487365 in debian-installer (Ubuntu) "Ubuntu14.04 .3 RAID installation fails on firestone" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1487365

 15:08 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1469143 in multipath-tools (Ubuntu) "kpartx -d fails with image paths longer than 63 characters" [Undecided,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1469143

 15:08 <tdaitx> infinity, relatime since 8.04? https://help.ubuntu.com/community/Fstab#line-84

 15:08 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1482851 in os-prober (Ubuntu) "Windows 10 is detected as Windows 8" [Medium,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1482851

 15:08 <cyphermox> - continuing on fixing up ibmpmlinux upload.

 15:08 <cyphermox> (done)

 15:08 <pitti> cyphermox: ah, so NM didn't actually change API in GetDevices(), but the call in ubiquity was wrong all along?

 15:08 <tdaitx> slangasek, will do, thanks =)

 15:09 <cyphermox> oh, and I forgot, some citrain babysitting

 15:09 <infinity> tdaitx: Yeah, I came to the same conclusion, so my issue is elsewhere. :P

 15:09 <bdmurray> updated retracer.py not to log the swift token as it is noisy in the logs

 15:09 <cyphermox> pitti: nah, it didn't change, the call was wrong all along (or incomplete, at lest)

 15:09 <bdmurray> investigation into lcy01 incident and retracers disappearing

 15:09 <bdmurray> research into how to debug rabbitmq

 15:09 <bdmurray> documented issue with rabbitmq, emailed people about it

 15:09 <bdmurray> create a flow chart of retracer actions

 15:09 <bdmurray> investigation into / fix of retraces being stuck on old core files (RT 84666)

 15:09 <bdmurray> found out the issue was with the retracers double ack'ing cores in some cases :-|

 15:09 <bdmurray> tested / fixing retracing of the failed_queues (adding retracers on hold until lcy01 back)

 15:09 <bdmurray> resolved (r677) issues with retracer's handling of old core files that don't exist in swift

 15:09 <bdmurray> submitted RT regarding updating apport on staging (fixing LP: #1487174)

 15:09 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1487174 in apport (Ubuntu) "apport-retrace's build sandbox routine carries on if it can't find the package for an ExecutablePath" [High,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1487174

 15:09 <bdmurray> set up retracer and charm to use a command line option for the location to store core files

 15:09 <bdmurray> spent time trying to square away my canonistack retracers (seems like a juju failure)

 15:09 <bdmurray> added an apport hook for shim signed (LP: #1490030)

 15:09 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1490030 in shim-signed (Ubuntu) "shim-signed should include an apport hook applying to shim and shim-signed source packages" [Undecided,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1490030

 15:10 <bdmurray> research into supporting Trusty to Vivid upgrades (found LP: #1258639)

 15:10 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1258639 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu Saucy) "need to support upgrades from 12.10 to 13.10" [High,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1258639

 15:10 <bdmurray> sponsored live-build upload for sil2100

 15:10 <bdmurray> ✔ done

 15:10 <sil2100> bdmurray: \o/ thanks!

 15:10 <pitti> autopkgtest: Teach britney and autopkgtest about supporting running kernel-related tests (DKMS, LXC, etc.) on multiple kernels. This requires keeping track of test triggers, calculating/triggering reverse dependencies on supported architectures only, some rewiring of britney's logic, exposing runtime kernel information in the results, etc. We are 90% there, then we have fully automatic regression

 15:10 <pitti> testing on all supported releases and kernels. While painful, this also led to some much more robust concepts and code in britney.

 15:10 <pitti> apport: Work on yet undisclosed security issue

 15:10 <pitti> misc:

 15:10 <pitti> - fix broken chef, puppet, and crash autopkgtests

 15:10 <pitti> - python-dbusmock: Review/merge pete-wood's NetworkManager template improvement, land it in all places

 15:10 <pitti> - Update SRU policy proposals, send new proposals to TB list

 15:10 <pitti> ^D

 15:10 <sil2100> I now need to get the livecd-rootfs hack back for the overlay...

 15:10 <infinity> - Kernel SRU wrangling

 15:10 <infinity> - Planning release sprint

 15:10 <infinity> - Hunting glibc test regressions

 15:10 <infinity> - Fixed a dpkg trigger loop in software-center

 15:10 <infinity> - More s390x meetings, planning, and bootstrapping

 15:10 <infinity> (done)

 15:12 <slangasek> * interviews

 15:12 <slangasek> * s390 recruiting attempts

 15:12 <slangasek> * a bit of cdimage handholding for a snappy image release

 15:12 <slangasek> * discussions about how to help get juju-core into main for 15.10

 15:12 <slangasek> * minor consulting on the pocket desktop seed

 15:12 <slangasek> * next week:

 15:12 <slangasek> * out on vacation

 15:12 <slangasek> (done)

 15:12 <slangasek> questions on status?

 15:14 <slangasek> [TOPIC] team sprint

 15:14 <slangasek> just a quick status update for everyone

 15:14 <slangasek> planning on this is still in progress.. we are still targeting the first week in November

 15:15 <caribou> during UOS ?

 15:15 <slangasek> however it looks like we'll probably move continents, Bluefin is already booked up that week

 15:15 <slangasek> caribou: correct

 15:15 <barry> slangasek: awesome, i've never been to antartica!

 15:15 <infinity> slangasek: Asia? :)

 15:15 <slangasek> trolls, I'm surrounded by trolls

 15:15 <sil2100> Asia would be nice

 15:15 <slangasek> so, we're looking at locations in the US

 15:15 * bdmurray weeps

 15:15 <infinity> Boourns.

 15:16 <caribou> yep was a good Rock group

 15:16 <slangasek> as soon as we have something locked in, you'll get an email

 15:16 <cyphermox> :/

 15:16 <slangasek> [TOPIC] AOB

 15:16 <slangasek> anything else today?

 15:17 <infinity> I suppose I should have done the stgraber thing and announced my upcoming travel.

 15:17 <infinity> I'll be in SF for Connect next week, and in Detroit for $reasons the week after (working, though).

 15:17 <pitti> US> bummer for conf overlap with Berlin :/

 15:17 <bdmurray> I'll be out at a conference a couple of days (W, Th) next week.

 15:18 <slangasek> infinity: yeah, doko is there next week too

 15:18 <infinity> slangasek: Connect, I hope, not Detroit.  The latter could get awakward.

 15:18 <infinity> awkward, too.

 15:18 * slangasek gives infinity an awk award

 15:19 * infinity goes awakward toward all the waks.

 15:19 <cyphermox> are there sed awards too?

 15:19 <infinity> cyphermox: The sed award is usually "you should have used awk".

 15:19 <slangasek> infinity: heresy

 15:19 <infinity> I stand by it.

 15:20 <slangasek> right, anything else?

 15:21 <slangasek> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)