== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting: DMB, 08 Jun at 15:15 &mdash; 15:40 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2015/ubuntu-meeting.2015-06-08-15.15.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

Welcome to the DMB meeting, this should be a relatively short meeting
=== review previous action items ===
The discussion about "review previous action items" started at 15:16.

 * '''Laney get with CC to get the voting rules documented''' (15:17)
 * '''cyphermox review Noskcaj application and history and determine his vote''' (15:17)
  * ''ACTION:'' micahg to gather feedback on Noskcaj's application

=== resignation and re-election ===
The discussion about "resignation and re-election" started at 15:19.

  * ''LINK:'' https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/devel-permissions/2015-May/000780.html 
  * I think we'll have a 3 week period for nominations, through June 29, and then 2 weeks for the election, through approximately July 13, final details TBD
  * ''ACTION:'' micahg to send out call for DMB nominations

=== AOB ===
The discussion about "AOB" started at 15:34.




== Vote results ==




== Action items, by person ==

 * micahg
  * micahg to gather feedback on Noskcaj's application
  * micahg to send out call for DMB nominations



== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * micahg (28)
 * xnox (7)
 * meetingology (5)
 * Laney (2)
 * bdmurray (2)



== Full Log ==


 15:15 <micahg> #startmeeting DMB

 15:15 <meetingology> Meeting started Mon Jun  8 15:15:08 2015 UTC.  The chair is micahg. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 15:15 <meetingology> 

 15:15 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 15:15 <xnox> si

 15:15 <xnox> #topic resignation and re-election

 15:15 <xnox> we have one member of DMB that wants to resign, shall we call a new election to replace one member?

 15:15 <micahg> #info Welcome to the DMB meeting, this should be a relatively short meeting

 15:16 <micahg> xnox: we'll get there :)

 15:16 <micahg> #topic review previous action items

 15:16 <xnox> what would the schedule look like for nomintations? and end date of the position? (standard term, or shorter / aligned with normal end date of the member to replace)?

 15:16 * xnox jumps the gun, ok, me goes away from keyboard to chill

 15:17 <micahg> #subtopic Laney get with CC to get the voting rules documented

 15:17 <micahg> I think we got feedback, but not documented yet

 15:17 <micahg> so, carried

 15:17 <micahg> #subtopic cyphermox review Noskcaj application and history and determine his vote

 15:17 <micahg> this was done

 15:18 <micahg> I still didn't follow up wtih Noskcaj on his feeedback, so I'll give myself an official action to do so

 15:18 <micahg> #action micahg to gather feedback on Noskcaj's application

 15:18 * meetingology micahg to gather feedback on Noskcaj's application

 15:18 <micahg> so, no applications still, I think we'll move to AOB

 15:19 <micahg> #topic resignation and re-election

 15:19 <micahg> #link https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/devel-permissions/2015-May/000780.html

 15:20 <micahg> So, I believe that we'll need a new election to fill ScottK's seat on the DMB, he's agreed to remain on the board until a replacement is found and agrees to serve

 15:21 <micahg> I believe the election would be for the remainder of Scott's term as he was just elected again 3 months ago

 15:22 <micahg> would anyone care to volunteer to run the election?

 15:23 <micahg> ok, then, we'll sort that out later :)

 15:25 <micahg> #info I think we'll have a 3 week period for nominations, through June 29, and then 2 weeks for the election, through approximately July 13, final details TBD

 15:25 <micahg> this would be to avoid conflict with various national holiday weekends (at least US) in the coming weeks

 15:26 <micahg> xnox: ^^ did I miss anything?

 15:26 <bdmurray> Could we reuse the previous nominees or results?

 15:27 <micahg> there was only 1 more person before, I think we should try to get at least 2

 15:27 <bdmurray> Okay

 15:29 <xnox> bdmurray: if by the end of nomintations we only have one nomination, that person will get appointed without further voting, no?!

 15:31 <micahg> xnox: I would say that depends on who it is...if it was the last nominee, I would say yes, otherwise, I would think that we'd still run a poll against NOTB

 15:31 <xnox> ack.

 15:33 <micahg> ok, I'll send out the call for nominees, if someone else wants to volunteer to run the poll, I'd gladly let them

 15:33 <micahg> #action micahg to send out call for DMB nominations

 15:33 * meetingology micahg to send out call for DMB nominations

 15:34 <micahg> #topic AOB

 15:36 <Laney> I think the CC should document the rules for all teams that haven't decided to deviate themselves

 15:36 <Laney> can follow up again

 15:40 <micahg> ok, then, next meeting should be Mon Jun 22 at 19:00 UTC

 15:40 <micahg> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)