== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 23 Jul at 15:04 &mdash; 15:22 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2015/ubuntu-meeting.2015-07-23-15.04.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning round ===
The discussion about "Lightning round" started at 15:04.


=== AOB ===
The discussion about "AOB" started at 15:18.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * slangasek (21)
 * sil2100 (20)
 * bdmurray (18)
 * caribou (11)
 * cyphermox (10)
 * infinity (8)
 * doko (8)
 * ubottu (3)
 * meetingology (3)
 * robru (1)



== Full Log ==


 15:04 <slangasek> #startmeeting

 15:04 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Jul 23 15:04:23 2015 UTC.  The chair is slangasek. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 15:04 <meetingology> 

 15:04 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 15:04 <slangasek> [TOPIC] Lightning round

 15:04 <slangasek> $ echo $(shuf -e barry doko bdmurray slangasek caribou infinity sil2100 robru cyphermox pitti)

 15:05 <slangasek> doko pitti robru sil2100 slangasek caribou barry bdmurray infinity cyphermox

 15:05 <slangasek> and go :)

 15:05 <bdmurray> pitti is on vacation right?

 15:05 <slangasek> yes

 15:06 <slangasek> doko: here?

 15:06 <doko> hi

 15:07 <doko> - GCC 5.2 release, 5.2 updates

 15:07 <doko> - ongoing landing-016 fun

 15:07 <doko> - packaged libdfp 1.0.11

 15:07 <doko> - update gdb to 7.9.1, started gdb-7.10

 15:07 <doko> - still looking at apt building with -O3

 15:07 <doko> (done)

 15:07 <robru> Not much to report, been working closely with IS and struggling through various iterations and setbacks of mojo spec and train deployments. (Done)

 15:07 <sil2100> o/

 15:07 <sil2100> - Landing team work, silo coordination, preparing landing e-mails

 15:07 <sil2100> - Investigated the recent i386 touch rootfs build failure

 15:07 <sil2100> - Investigated the meizu.en-proposed channel not picking up new custom builds

 15:07 <sil2100> - Prepare OTA-5 release notes

 15:07 <sil2100> - Re-spinning the OTA-5 arale image based on the snapshot PPA + new custom tarball

 15:07 <sil2100> - Releasing OTA-5 for all channels

 15:07 <sil2100> - Discussions regarding some touch packages and gcc-5 buildability

 15:07 <sil2100> - Started work on a helper script to perform merges of hand-built branches

 15:07 <sil2100> - Helping with packaging issues in some upstream projects

 15:07 <sil2100> - Appmenu-qt5:

 15:07 <sil2100> * More digging into bug with missing menus after hide+show

 15:07 <sil2100> * Prepare landing of existing changes

 15:07 <sil2100> - Rebased PPA rebuild branch for CI Train, waiting for staging to test on

 15:08 <sil2100> - Sick day on Tuesday

 15:08 <bdmurray> doko: do know much about what's new in gdb?

 15:08 <sil2100> - Looking into LP translations

 15:08 <sil2100> (done)

 15:09 <slangasek> working through batch uploads for the python3.5 and gcc5 transitions

 15:09 <slangasek> (done)

 15:09 <doko> bdmurray, http://paste.ubuntu.com/11925600/

 15:09 <caribou> Bugfix:

 15:09 <caribou> - makedumpfile kernel support on trusty

 15:09 <caribou> Charm dev

 15:09 <caribou> - Applied latest review suggestions

 15:09 <bdmurray> doko: thanks

 15:09 <caribou> Merges - Completed rsyslog merge - waiting for sponsor

 15:09 <caribou> Sosreport upstream

 15:09 <caribou> - bugfix

 15:10 <caribou> ☑

 15:10 <bdmurray> added a tag in the apport retracer hack branch so staging can be updated

 15:10 <bdmurray> tested staging rollout of new version of apport

 15:10 <bdmurray> fixed crash in retracer-hack branch of apport due to keyword change of md5 vs hash in python-apt

 15:10 <bdmurray> submitted RT regarding updating production version of apport

 15:10 <bdmurray> pinged webops about oops.canonical.com being slow as heck

 15:10 <bdmurray> investigation into left over core files in swift

 15:10 <bdmurray> fixed apt-clone merge proposal regarding foreign packages

 15:10 <bdmurray> worked on displaying the owning team from the package to team mapping in m-o-m

 15:10 <bdmurray> updated code on merges.ubuntu.com to display the owning team

 15:10 <bdmurray> review of merges report to find unsubscribed packages, subscribing teams

 15:10 <bdmurray> testing of apport-noui systemd / upstart changes

 15:10 <bdmurray> reported systemd bug LP: #1476849

 15:10 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1476849 in systemd (Ubuntu) "using watershed in apport-noui.service causes multiple instances of watershed to run" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1476849

 15:10 <bdmurray> investigation into apport adt test failures

 15:10 <sil2100> robru: is wendigo back up?

 15:11 <bdmurray> ✔ done

 15:11 <slangasek> infinity:

 15:11 <infinity> - Kernel SRU work

 15:11 <infinity> - Work with Andy on getting FAN stuff in for 14.04.3

 15:11 <infinity> - General SRU/AA work

 15:11 <infinity> - Work on a bunch of IBM/POWER bugs for 14.04.3

 15:11 <infinity> - Fix live-build bugs leading to debsums failures

 15:11 <infinity> - Sort out arm64 grub2-signed issues

 15:11 <infinity> - Begin investigating 14.04.3 build failures for {l,k}ubuntu

 15:11 <infinity> (done)

 15:11 <sil2100> hm, doesn't look like it...

 15:12 <cyphermox> * started some work on converting NM bzr branches to git & syncing with Debian

 15:12 <cyphermox> * some investigation / question answering on preseeding oem-config

 15:12 <cyphermox> * reviewed & merged some NetworkManager code branches from Tony Espy.

 15:12 <cyphermox> * reviewed/sponsored new ubuntu-mate-welcome package

 15:12 <cyphermox> * I am in multipath-tools patch hell: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JtEkUmYecnk

 15:12 <cyphermox> (done)

 15:14 <slangasek> bdmurray: bug #1476849 - that's the expected behavior, that there would be an instance of watershed for each of the files... that's what happens on the upstart side too

 15:14 <ubottu> bug 1476849 in systemd (Ubuntu) "using watershed in apport-noui.service causes multiple instances of watershed to run" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1476849

 15:14 <slangasek> bdmurray: watershed just ensures that the whoopsie-upload-all processes are serialized

 15:14 <slangasek> so maybe this is working "as designed"?

 15:15 <bdmurray> slangasek: ah, okay

 15:15 <slangasek> bdmurray: however systemd *might* have a better way to express this such that we could manage to get only one instance running at boot; I just don't know what that way is

 15:16 <slangasek> ok, anything else to discuss re: status?

 15:17 <slangasek> or are we all busy watching the youtube video cyphermox posted? :)

 15:17 <sil2100> ;)

 15:17 <cyphermox> I'm already back on the patches tbh :)

 15:18 <cyphermox> nothing to discuss, except I'll be happy for any and all distraction from anything multipath once I'm done.

 15:18 <slangasek> heh

 15:18 <slangasek> [TOPIC] AOB

 15:18 <caribou> cyphermox: care to merge ifenslave in Wily, I'm waiting for a fix I submitted upstream ;-)

 15:19 <cyphermox> caribou: ok

 15:20 <slangasek> ok

 15:20 <slangasek> anything else?

 15:21 <caribou> cyphermox: FYI - Bug #1326854

 15:21 <ubottu> bug 1326854 in ifenslave-2.6 (Ubuntu) "ambiguous error message "sh: echo: I/O error"" [Medium,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1326854

 15:21 <cyphermox> caribou: thanks. hopefully it shouldn't be much longer, things nearly compile.

 15:22 <caribou> cyphermox: wave at me if I can help. I was tempted to do it myself

 15:22 <slangasek> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)