== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 12 Mar at 15:02 &mdash; 15:26 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2015/ubuntu-meeting.2015-03-12-15.02.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lighting round ===
The discussion about "Lighting round" started at 15:02.


=== AOB ===
The discussion about "AOB" started at 15:18.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * slangasek (43)
 * sil2100 (24)
 * mvo_ (22)
 * cyphermox (21)
 * bdmurray (20)
 * ubottu (17)
 * robru (13)
 * doko (13)
 * stgraber (12)
 * jodh (12)
 * infinity (11)
 * meetingology (3)
 * barry (3)
 * doko_ (2)
 * ogra_ (2)



== Full Log ==


 15:02 <slangasek> #startmeeting

 15:02 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Mar 12 15:02:14 2015 UTC.  The chair is slangasek. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 15:02 <meetingology> 

 15:02 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 15:02 <cyphermox> o/

 15:02 <slangasek> [TOPIC] Lighting round

 15:04 <slangasek> $ echo $(shuf -e barry doko stgraber jodh bdmurray slangasek caribou infinity mvo sil2100 robru cyphermox)

 15:04 <slangasek> sil2100 jodh doko caribou robru bdmurray stgraber mvo barry infinity cyphermox slangasek

 15:04 <sil2100> I win again?!

 15:04 <sil2100> slangasek: your script is broken

 15:04 <slangasek> heh

 15:04 <slangasek> sil2100: I published the source

 15:04 <sil2100> - Landing team work, silo coordination, preparing landing e-mails

 15:04 <sil2100> - Attending meetings related to new smoketesting/testing concepts

 15:04 <sil2100> - Qt 5.4.1 testing after recent fixes - OSK still broken

 15:04 <sil2100> - Experimenting with the new mako ubuntu-rtm tarball * Caches still have permission problems, in the middle of resolving those

 15:04 <sil2100> - RTM status meetings

 15:04 <sil2100> - Discussions regarding RTM milestone handling for future OTA's

 15:04 <sil2100> - Resolving train spreadsheet issues

 15:04 <sil2100> - Filling in MIR for qtquickcontrols-opensource-src

 15:04 <sil2100> - Fighting the HR system

 15:04 <sil2100> - Cleaning up milestone and landing-team tracked bugs

 15:05 <sil2100> - Preparations for the April's Open Source conference

 15:05 <sil2100> - Work on the ww11-ota milestone

 15:05 <sil2100> (done)

 15:05 <jodh> * snappy:

 15:05 <jodh> - worked on privileged operations branch (ongoing).

 15:05 <jodh> - logging investigations.

 15:05 <jodh> - investigations into systemctl "is-active" behaviour for kickin.

 15:05 <jodh> - Discussion on how to avoid future flags days.

 15:05 <jodh> (Wrote a draft document to summarise the discussions).

 15:05 <jodh> * upstart:

 15:05 <jodh> - Investigating bug 1429756 where an upstart test fails sometimes on a

 15:05 <ubottu> bug 1429756 in upstart (Ubuntu Vivid) "FTBFS: test_job_process fails in majority of cases" [High,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1429756

 15:05 <jodh> 3.19 kernel (but apparently never fails under a 3.18 one).

 15:05 <jodh> Discussing with kernel team and trying to find a minimal recreator.

 15:05 <jodh> - Investigated bug 1430403 and prepared a precise SRU to fix it.

 15:05 <ubottu> bug 1430403 in upstart (Ubuntu) "[SRU] ubuntu-touch livefs builds kill upstart in host" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1430403

 15:05 <jodh> êÑ™

 15:06 <slangasek> doko_: your turn

 15:07 <doko_> urgh, already daylight saving time?

 15:07 <doko_> I'll go last

 15:07 <slangasek> yes :)

 15:07 <slangasek> ok

 15:07 <slangasek> CarlosNeyPastorR:

 15:07 <slangasek> no

 15:07 <slangasek> carib

 15:07 <slangasek> ok fail

 15:07 <slangasek> robru: :)

 15:07 <robru> * CI Train

 15:07 <robru> - refactoring continues: got test coverage up from 82% to 86%

 15:07 <robru> - new reverter tool with 100% test coverage brought up to speed with latest refactorings (old one was getting bit-rotty due to lack of tests and lack of use). shrank from 220 lines to 126 with no feature regressions

 15:07 <robru> - fixed a bug that prevented jobs from stopping when cancelled in jenkins

 15:07 <robru> - implemented a new fix to fail loudly when version number not newer than the silo version (which was only a problem for rare packages that decline the train's auto-version-mangling that would avoid this anyway)

 15:07 <robru> * CI Engine

 15:07 <robru> - still floundering around with deployment issues.

 15:07 <robru> - working with francis to get that off the ground. largely blocked on him writing enough documentation for me to know what to try next.

 15:07 <robru> * Landings have slown a bit with the feature freeze but still shepherding important fixes through

 15:07 <robru> (done)

 15:08 <bdmurray> investigation into daisy OOPS with core file submission

 15:08 <bdmurray> emailed evan about too many interim responses messages in canonistack

 15:08 <bdmurray> wrote cassandra database query to find crash reports w/o a package or version

 15:09 <bdmurray> searched for data on quantity of crashes from -proposed users

 15:09 <bdmurray> reported dkms apport hook bug LP: #1429967

 15:09 <bdmurray> reported bug LP: #1430557 regarding home directory unmounting

 15:09 <bdmurray> uploaded Trusty and Utopic bug fixes for dkms bug LP: #1429967

 15:09 <bdmurray> recreated and documented apport bug LP: #1419061

 15:09 <bdmurray> pinged pitti regarding apport bug LP: #1419061

 15:09 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1429967 in dkms (Ubuntu Utopic) "dkms apport package hook doesn't write package version to apport Package key" [High,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1429967

 15:09 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1430557 in schroot (Ubuntu) "sbuild / schroot unmounted encrypted home directory" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1430557

 15:09 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1419061 in ubuntukylin-default-settings (Ubuntu) "On Ubuntu Kylin detect all packages as not genuine" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1419061

 15:09 <bdmurray> uploaded vivid fix for u-r-u bug LP: #1399836

 15:09 <bdmurray> uploaded unattended-upgrades improved fix for bug LP: #1422345

 15:09 <bdmurray> sponsored patch for trusty fix of bug LP: #44533

 15:09 <bdmurray> sponsored patch for V, T fix for bug LP: #778054

 15:09 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1399836 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu Vivid) "RELEASE_UPRADER_NO_APPORT seems to have no effect" [Medium,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1399836

 15:09 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1422345 in unattended-upgrades (Debian) "stop being nice does not work" [Unknown,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1422345

 15:09 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 44533 in mailgraph (Ubuntu) "does not work on Breezy" [Medium,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/44533

 15:09 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 778054 in zeitgeist (Ubuntu Trusty) "Packages shouldn't depend on the transitional package python-gobject" [Low,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/778054

 15:09 <bdmurray> more patch piloting

 15:09 <bdmurray> emailed ubuntu-devel regarding ease of enabling -proposed

 15:09 <bdmurray> investigation into imporving MIR assignments

 15:09 <bdmurray> short week due to the crud

 15:10 <bdmurray> ‚úî done

 15:10 <stgraber> - LXC/LXD

 15:10 <stgraber> - Various bugfixes and feature work

 15:10 <stgraber> - Release LXD 0.3

 15:10 <stgraber> - Code reviews, bug triaging, other admin paperwork

 15:10 <stgraber> - Now working on 0.4, due Tuesday

 15:10 <stgraber> - Followed up on LXC-related MIRs

 15:10 <stgraber> - Still waiting on LXD-related FFes (archive is currently on barely usable LXD 0.1)

 15:10 <stgraber> - System image

 15:10 <stgraber> - Looked at Steve's proposal

 15:10 <stgraber> - Fixed some code styling issues in the system-image server code

 15:10 <stgraber> - Code reviews of pending branches

 15:10 <stgraber> (done)

 15:10 <mvo_> apt:

 15:10 <mvo_> - Debug/fix/SRU auto-mark bug (thanks to infinity) in precise #1429041

 15:10 <mvo_> click:

 15:10 <mvo_> - Review/approve lp:~seb128/click/initctl-not-there (chroot create failure)

 15:10 <mvo_> - address review comments for lp:~mvo/click/lp1358294 (remove userdata)

 15:10 <mvo_> misc:

 15:10 <mvo_> - performance review stuff

 15:10 <mvo_> snappy:

 15:10 <mvo_> - snappy-go can do all that snappy-python can (and more)!

 15:10 <mvo_> - new features: native build, native unpack, oauth, native systemd support

 15:10 <mvo_> - bufixes

 15:10 <mvo_> - code reviews

 15:10 <mvo_> - package golang-ar-dev, updated golang-pb packaging

 15:10 <mvo_> - removed python2 from the snappy image

 15:10 <mvo_> update-manager:

 15:11 <mvo_> - Review/merge lp:~laney/update-manager/testfixes

 15:11 <mvo_> (done)

 15:11 <infinity> barry: ?

 15:12 <barry> qa sprint ongoing

 15:12 <barry> still battling ppas to get si 3.0 beta built

 15:12 <barry> --done--

 15:12 <infinity> - Short week due to dealing with a death in the family

 15:12 <infinity> - Continued work on glibc, should be uploading soon

 15:12 <infinity> - Wrangled an emergency security kernel across all releases

 15:12 <infinity> - General SRU/AA work, FFEs, MIRs, etc

 15:12 <infinity> - Massaged some transitions through in vivid

 15:12 <infinity> - Debugged an upstart->systemd upgrade reexec issue with pitti

 15:12 <slangasek> the ppas need battling?

 15:12 <infinity> - Fixed livefs builds with systemd

 15:12 <infinity> - Discovered and discussed bug #1429041 with mvo

 15:12 <infinity> (done)

 15:12 <ubottu> bug 1429041 in apt (Ubuntu Utopic) "Autoremoval not working reliably" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1429041

 15:12 <cyphermox> * updated my todo list of bugs

 15:12 <cyphermox> * more discussion with smoser about how the server install gets done

 15:12 <cyphermox> * merge netcfg to sync with debian (bugfix only) and get GCC 5 fix.

 15:12 <cyphermox> * responded to a support request by email on automating OEM installs

 15:12 <cyphermox> * started looking into bug 1066480; showing encrypted partitions in ubiquity

 15:12 <ubottu> bug 1066480 in ubiquity (Ubuntu Vivid) "Installer doesn't show encrypted partitions" [Critical,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1066480

 15:12 <cyphermox> * Monday: sick.

 15:13 <cyphermox> * reviewed one more MP for usb-creator from Yu Ning

 15:13 <cyphermox> * help tsdgeos with wifi mac address issue on mako.

 15:13 <cyphermox> * testing/fix for bug 1427821

 15:13 <ubottu> bug 1427821 in grub-installer (Ubuntu) "server iso install fails during grub install" [Critical,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1427821

 15:13 <cyphermox> - this reverts bug 1354730

 15:13 <ubottu> bug 1354730 in grub-installer (Ubuntu) "14.04 grub-install failed: Wrong number of args: mapdevfs <path>" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1354730

 15:13 <cyphermox> * asked kernel team to look into bug 1359689 again, now that we have 3.19.

 15:13 <ubottu> bug 1359689 in linux (Ubuntu Vivid) "cryptsetup password prompt not shown" [Critical,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1359689

 15:13 <cyphermox> - test mainline 3.19-rc1 vs. mainline 3.19 vs. our 3.19 with debug from ply

 15:13 <cyphermox> * complete Trusty SRUd for bugs 1386131 and 1386113.

 15:13 <ubottu> bug 1386131 in ubiquity (Ubuntu Trusty) "Preseeding encrypted lvm fails instead of asking for password" [Medium,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1386131

 15:13 <cyphermox> * reviewing/testing installer multipath patches in bug 1430074

 15:13 <ubottu> bug 1386113 in ubiquity (Ubuntu Trusty) "Preseeding encrypted lvm fails with "An error occurred while creating the keyfile"" [Medium,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1386113

 15:13 <cyphermox> </summary>

 15:13 <ubottu> bug 1430074 in partman-multipath (Ubuntu) "d-i multipath disk-partition separator overhaul" [Critical,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1430074

 15:13 <slangasek> sil2100: what were the train spreadsheet issues you mentioned?  I hadn't heard we were having spreadsheet problems again

 15:14 <sil2100> slangasek: there were some, for unknown reasons to me the spreadsheet started overwriting cells for 2 days

 15:14 <sil2100> Not even sure what was the cause, probably some out-of-sync again

 15:14 <robru> sil2100: hm I never noticed that during my shifts

 15:14 <sil2100> But the end result was that there were rows that had 2 changes merged

 15:14 <sil2100> I had to correct like 3-4 landings, good thing I do backups every 15 minutes

 15:15 <slangasek> * reviews: if you haven't done your self review, or if you have outstanding 360 reviews, please take care of these *today*.  We need to close out the review process this week.

 15:15 <sil2100> People were really puzzled why suddenly their silos have different descriptions and additional fields

 15:15 <slangasek> * hiring:

 15:15 <slangasek> * tech lead position is settled and now working on getting an engineer backfill role opened

 15:15 <slangasek> * plan to start interviewing for java role next week

 15:15 <slangasek> * worked on cleanup of the phone

 15:15 <slangasek> * discussed with bdmurray how to streamline the MIR filing process

 15:15 <slangasek> * tracked down a regression in kernels not being autoremoved in vivid due to dkms

 15:15 <slangasek> (done)

 15:15 <slangasek> any other questions on status?

 15:16 <slangasek> sil2100: hmm ok

 15:16 <infinity> slangasek: What was the autoremove/dkms thing?  Reintroducing my delta to drop headers deps?

 15:17 <slangasek> infinity: correct

 15:18 <slangasek> [TOPIC] AOB

 15:18 <slangasek> Anything else to discuss today?

 15:18 <doko> ?

 15:19 <slangasek> doko: ?

 15:19 <doko> - prepare gccgo for vivid, now usable on all architectures

 15:19 <doko> - build golang packages on arm64, ppc64el and powerpc

 15:19 <doko> - most golang packges just did built on these architectures now.

 15:19 <doko> - update gcc-4.8 packages for kernel backports

 15:19 <doko> - build MPX in GCC 5, update and fix gcc-5 packages

 15:19 <doko> - prepare one more openjdk-7 update

 15:19 <doko> - fix build failures everywhere ...

 15:19 <doko> - messed up the test rebuild archive, rebuilt stuff with the default GCC :-/

 15:19 <doko> (done)

 15:19 <slangasek> oh right you were going last, sorry

 15:20 <slangasek> doko: thanks

 15:20 <slangasek> /now/ any questions? :)

 15:20 <mvo_> doko: amazing work on gccgo! if stuff (like snappy-go) does not build quite yet, whats the best approach to debug?

 15:21 <doko> mvo_, I don't see it in the archive ... can't say

 15:21 <sil2100> Sprint questions!

 15:21 <sil2100> Any news on the sprint?

 15:21 <slangasek> sil2100: so there's a bit of news on the sprint

 15:22 <slangasek> the sprint is definitely the week of April 13 (week before release)

 15:22 <slangasek> and it is probably /not/ in Austin

 15:22 <sil2100> Oh

 15:22 <robru> montreal??? ;-)

 15:22 <slangasek> so we are looking at other places we can have it

 15:23 <sil2100> Canada? Or maybe somewhere in Europe..? ;)

 15:23 <slangasek> Montreal is on the list, I'm hoping we'll know by end of week so we can figure out visas etc

 15:23 * doko will hide in Montreal

 15:23 <cyphermox> doko does not like Montreal :P

 15:23 <bdmurray> slangasek: how about honolulu?

 15:23 <mvo_> or iceland

 15:23 <mvo_> right in hte middle

 15:23 * bdmurray will be close already

 15:24 <cyphermox> yeah, go for Groenland

 15:24 <slangasek> mvo_: it's not really in the middle anymore, we have too many South Americans on the team for that ;)

 15:24 <doko> no, I'm in Montreal during this time for PyCon, don't intend to attend the sprint ;)

 15:24 <slangasek> I suggested the Azores

 15:24 <ogra_> do a cruise ;)

 15:24 <robru> why not Cancun? ;-)

 15:24 <mvo_> slangasek: meh, makes sense

 15:25 <slangasek> so anyway

 15:25 <cyphermox> ogra_: cruise if you can get proper interwebz.

 15:25 <slangasek> location still being settled, I'll let you all know ASAP

 15:25 <ogra_> cyphermox, great opportunity to test our sattelite support in NM

 15:25 <mvo_> haha

 15:25 <cyphermox> indeed... :/

 15:26 <cyphermox> there's great sattewhat support.

 15:26 <slangasek> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)