== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting: 22 UTC Membership Board Meeting, 07 May at 21:59 &mdash; 22:21 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2015/ubuntu-meeting.2015-05-07-21.59.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== gsilva ===
The discussion about "gsilva" started at 22:01.

  * ''Vote:'' For gsilva's Membership? (Carried)

=== olive ===
The discussion about "olive" started at 22:20.




== Vote results ==

 * [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2015/ubuntu-meeting.2015-05-07-21.59.log.html#113 For gsilva's Membership?]]
  * Motion carried (For/Against/Abstained 8/0/0)
   *  Voters toddy, ahoneybun, Kilos, PabloRubianes, hggdh, elacheche_anis, wxl, belkinsa



== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * belkinsa (36)
 * gsilva (34)
 * wxl (28)
 * meetingology (21)
 * hggdh (16)
 * Kilos (8)
 * toddy (6)
 * ahoneybun (6)
 * slickymaster (6)
 * elfy (5)
 * PabloRubianes (4)
 * elacheche_anis (4)
 * rafaellaguna (3)
 * cwayne (1)
 * marcoceppi (0)
 * popey (0)
 * jcastro (0)



== Full Log ==


 21:59 <belkinsa> #startmeeting 22 UTC Membership Board Meeting

 21:59 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu May  7 21:59:48 2015 UTC.  The chair is belkinsa. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 21:59 <meetingology> 

 21:59 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 21:59 <belkinsa> Who is all hear for the meeting?

 22:00 <gsilva> I am

 22:00 <wxl> o/

 22:00 <toddy> o/

 22:00 <gsilva> And good evening to you all

 22:00 <elacheche_anis> O/

 22:00 <gsilva> o/

 22:00 <elfy> evening all :)

 22:00 <Kilos> o/

 22:00 <belkinsa> Okay, we are set.

 22:00 <Kilos> hi elfy

 22:00 <belkinsa> Hello and welcome to the Membership Board meeting!  The wiki page for the Review Board is available here: https://wiki.ubuntu.com/Membership/Boards.  We will attempt to get through all of the applicants that have added themselves to that list before today's meeting. If we are unable to make it through the entire list due to time constraints, then at the next meeting we will pick up where we left off. The format for the meeting is as foll

 22:00 <belkinsa> ows: We will go through the list of applicants one by one, by date of application (FIFO). Each applicant should introduce themselves (1-5 sentences) and provide links to their Ubuntu Wiki page. After the introduction the members of the Membership Review Board will review the pages and, if needed, ask the applicant further questions. During this time it is encouraged for other members of the community to show their support for the applica

 22:00 <toddy> Good evening, gsilva

 22:00 <wxl> wow it's a regular party in here :)

 22:00 <belkinsa> nt. Do not be alarmed if the members of the Membership Review Board are quiet during this time; they are most likely reading wiki/launchpad/forum/other pages and deciding how they are going to vote.

 22:00 <rafaellaguna> o/

 22:01 <belkinsa> #topic gsilva

 22:01 <belkinsa> gsilva, please introduce yourself and give links to your LP profile and wiki page.

 22:01 <gsilva> Okay then

 22:02 <belkinsa> #voters hggdh wxl toddy belkinsa elacheche_anis popey

 22:02 <meetingology> Current voters: belkinsa elacheche_anis hggdh popey toddy wxl

 22:02 <belkinsa> #voters PabloRubianes marcoceppi

 22:02 <meetingology> Current voters: PabloRubianes belkinsa elacheche_anis hggdh marcoceppi popey toddy wxl

 22:02 <wxl> there's elfy too belkinsa

 22:02 <Kilos> and me

 22:02 <ahoneybun> o/

 22:03 <elfy> wxl: not in membership board

 22:03 <belkinsa> #voters ahoneybun Kilos

 22:03 <meetingology> Current voters: Kilos PabloRubianes ahoneybun belkinsa elacheche_anis hggdh marcoceppi popey toddy wxl

 22:03 <ahoneybun> yay

 22:03 <belkinsa> elfy, lives here.

 22:03 <elfy> just hanging about :)

 22:03 <toddy> :D

 22:03 <wxl> :)

 22:03 <hggdh> gsilva: please go ahead

 22:03 <Kilos> :D

 22:03 <belkinsa> #voters jcastro

 22:03 <meetingology> Current voters: Kilos PabloRubianes ahoneybun belkinsa elacheche_anis hggdh jcastro marcoceppi popey toddy wxl

 22:03 <elfy> wxl: we just 'can' vote if quorum needs it

 22:03 <belkinsa> We are good now

 22:03 * wxl nods at elfy

 22:03 <gsilva> My name is Gustavo Silva, I am 22 years old and I am Portuguese. I am finishing a master's degree in Industrial and Firm's Economics, hence my background is based on Management and Economics. I started using Ubuntu a very long time ago (not even sure what the version was but it was with Gnome back then) and started using it again last year because I felt it offered me enough alternatives for my daily life, even though

 22:03 <gsilva> I am unemployed. Recently, I was criticizing a lot of bits here and there about the Wiki of Lubuntu and then things progressed from there

 22:04 <gsilva> From small changes and contributions, to huge plans and ideas. The guys at Lubuntu thought I'd be a great adition to the team so I am leading the Wiki & Docs team.

 22:04 <gsilva> And you also want these: https://wiki.ubuntu.com/gsilva https://launchpad.net/~gsilva

 22:05 <gsilva> oops

 22:05 <gsilva> this one instead: https://launchpad.net/~gustavosantaremsilva

 22:05 <hggdh> heh. Usually, this is how we start -- we get an itch on Something We Do Not Like(TM), and get involved

 22:05 <gsilva> Well, I found a lot more about Linux in general after that. Of course I was too naive, but I guess that's part of contributing to such community :)

 22:06 <wxl> is this a good time to interject comments about the candidate? being the release manager for lubuntu, i have a lot of experience working directly with gsilva

 22:06 <belkinsa> Does anyone have questions?  Or any comments?

 22:06 <hggdh> gsilva: out of curiosity -- do you participate in the PT community?

 22:07 <wxl> belkinsa: okie dokie :)

 22:07 <gsilva> hggdh, unfortunately no. I tried reaching them many teams and it seems they are inactive for now, even though they organize some conferences here and there. They usually organize them in Lisbon, which is 300 kms away from home, which is also unfortunate

 22:07 <slickymaster> the PT community has a very meager existence hggdh

 22:08 <gsilva> If I'd have to judge from their official website, I'd say they are inactive at the moment - honestly. But I don't want to say it because it may not be true

 22:08 <gsilva> I emailed one of the guys recently and got no answer until today

 22:08 <slickymaster> close to true gsilva

 22:08 <wxl> keep trying gsilva. worse comes to worst, take over. :)

 22:08 <ahoneybun> gsilva: have you thought of drawing up some blueprints of the future of the Lubuntu Wiki?

 22:09 <wxl> sounds like slickymaster may have some insight on that matter if need be

 22:09 <hggdh> gsilva: OK. It is just because I have always looked at them, perhaps as a way to keep tabs... part of having ties, I guess

 22:09 <gsilva> Damn, too many comments :D

 22:09 <PabloRubianes> Maybe the loco council could help with that

 22:09 <wxl> i think if they're unreachable, they're unreachable, PabloRubianes, but if someone is anxious to start something where things are otherwise active, i'm sure they could help

 22:10 <gsilva> wxl, yes, I am thinking of that after I put all of my plans in practice in regards to Lubuntu. When things start rolling by themselves, then I can help out the LoCo team, which is something I wish to do. I have some secondary plans in mind to do that. Long story short, Ricardo Lafuente organizes Open-focused conferences: It is an opportunity to introduce open source technologies

 22:10 <hggdh> gsilva: and what else you plan to do on Ubuntu?

 22:11 * hggdh considers the question answered :-)

 22:11 <belkinsa> #votesrequired 4

 22:11 <meetingology> votes now need 4 to be passed

 22:11 <gsilva> ahoneybun, well, there are two major things in regard to Lubuntu (within my team, ofc): First, prepare a different structure and launch a manual. The manual is undergoing and I need help for the structure

 22:11 <gsilva> Otherwise, that will take more time.

 22:11 <wxl> ahoneybun: he actually does have some blueprints, too

 22:11 <gsilva> But yes, I try to keep some flow of blueprints to the team page, just in case someone joins the team and needs guidance

 22:11 <wxl> ahoneybun: they're assigned to the team, though, and not him directly from what i remember

 22:12 <ahoneybun> thats why I did not see them on his LP

 22:12 <wxl> yeppers

 22:12 <wxl> i've tried to keep things that way among lubuntu team members to allow others to fill in for people if need be

 22:12 <gsilva> hggdh, well, the main thing is the organization of regular open-source dedicated online conferences. I talked with belkinsa yesterday, at our community session. Let me search for the link

 22:12 <wxl> because we have a darn small team

 22:13 <gsilva> hggdh: http://summit.ubuntu.com/uos-1505/meeting/22484/community-1505-planning-session/

 22:13 <gsilva> Yes, all blueprints are assigned to the team so that anyone can see them if they ever need to

 22:13 <gsilva> Besides, it is a team effort :)

 22:14 <hggdh> when the team is small enough, this works OK.

 22:14 <hggdh> cool

 22:14 <gsilva> I'm also planning to work on a communication plan to the Lubuntu team, which may be scaled up to Ubuntu and/or other flavours

 22:14 <belkinsa> Any more questions/comments?

 22:14 <hggdh> none from me

 22:14 <PabloRubianes> No. Ready to vote

 22:14 <Kilos> nope

 22:14 <toddy> no, I'm ready to vote

 22:14 <belkinsa> Okay

 22:14 <gsilva> My plans, even though focused on Lubuntu, are easily scoped to other flavors as well. In fact, I'd really appreciate if all distributions could merge efforts in some of them :)

 22:14 <wxl> ready

 22:14 <gsilva> Oh, apologies

 22:15 <wxl> no problem, gsilva

 22:15 <hggdh> gsilva: no need to apologise

 22:15 <belkinsa> But first do we have anyone hear to cheer him on?  Or has the board got what they wanted from the questions?

 22:15 <wxl> well i can cheer very loudly, but it sounds like we're good to go?

 22:15 <hggdh> I know wxl is cheering for him already.

 22:15 <belkinsa> rafaellaguna?

 22:16 <belkinsa> Alrighty then, it's voting time!

 22:16 <rafaellaguna> I have no questions, because I know how useful was gsilva for the team

 22:16 <belkinsa> #startvote For gsilva's Membership?

 22:17 * wxl kicks the bot

 22:17 <belkinsa> #startvote For gsilva's Membership?

 22:17 <wxl> can't parse ? perhaps?

 22:17 <belkinsa> #vote For gsilva's Membership?

 22:17 <meetingology> Please vote on: For gsilva's Membership?

 22:17 <meetingology> Public votes can be registered by saying +1, +0 or -1 in channel, (for private voting, private message me with 'vote +1/-1/+0 #channelname)

 22:17 <gsilva> The bot doesn't want to vote for me

 22:17 <wxl> ah

 22:17 <Kilos> lol

 22:17 <gsilva> tadaaa :)

 22:17 <wxl> +1 (well, +∞ would be more accurate)

 22:17 <meetingology> +1 (well, +∞ would be more accurate) received from wxl

 22:18 <hggdh> +1 Obrigado por teu trabalho. Nos, por cá, apreciamos.

 22:18 <meetingology> +1 Obrigado por teu trabalho. Nos, por cá, apreciamos. received from hggdh

 22:18 <toddy> +1 Keep up the good work and raise the PL Community/LoCo back to life

 22:18 <meetingology> +1 Keep up the good work and raise the PL Community/LoCo back to life received from toddy

 22:18 <Kilos> +1 Keep up the good work

 22:18 <meetingology> +1 Keep up the good work received from Kilos

 22:18 <PabloRubianes> +1

 22:18 <meetingology> +1 received from PabloRubianes

 22:18 <ahoneybun> +1 (looking forward to working with you)

 22:18 <meetingology> +1 (looking forward to working with you) received from ahoneybun

 22:18 <belkinsa> +1 Keep up the good work

 22:18 <meetingology> +1 Keep up the good work received from belkinsa

 22:18 <elacheche_anis> +1

 22:18 <meetingology> +1 received from elacheche_anis

 22:18 <belkinsa> Any else?

 22:19 <belkinsa> Okay

 22:19 <hggdh> guess we are good

 22:19 <belkinsa> #endvote

 22:19 <meetingology> Voting ended on: For gsilva's Membership?

 22:19 <meetingology> Votes for:8 Votes against:0 Abstentions:0

 22:19 <meetingology> Motion carried

 22:19 <elfy> awesome gsilva - welcome :)

 22:19 <gsilva> thank you, hggdh and ahoneybun :) I will try my best to get the LoCo back together

 22:19 <PabloRubianes> Congrats!

 22:19 <slickymaster> parabéns gustavo, bem vindo à família Ubuntu

 22:19 <belkinsa> COntrags!

 22:19 <ahoneybun> yay!

 22:19 <hggdh> gsilva: bem vindo :-)

 22:19 <gsilva> thank you all for the support :D

 22:19 <toddy> Congrats

 22:19 <wxl> congrats gsilva !!!

 22:19 <cwayne> hey congrats!  Sorry I'm late (I was going to be +1 anyway)

 22:19 <slickymaster> se precisares de ajuda com alguma coisa apita

 22:19 <rafaellaguna> parabens!!! \o/

 22:19 <Kilos> well done gsilva  keep it up

 22:19 <slickymaster> gsilva:^

 22:19 <elacheche_anis> congrats gsilva :)

 22:19 <wxl> np cwayne

 22:19 <belkinsa> Please refer to this page for more info: https://wiki.ubuntu.com/Membership#Benefits_of_Membership

 22:19 <gsilva> And everybody knows how to speak Portuguese all the suddon? :D

 22:19 <wxl> gsilva: google translate :)

 22:20 <slickymaster> hggdh, prazer em 'ver-te'

 22:20 <gsilva> slickymaster, thank you :D

 22:20 <hggdh> well, we are all over the world :-)

 22:20 <wxl> hehehe

 22:20 <gsilva> wxl, some of this is actually well spelled, hence my question - stuff that google translation fails a lot :D

 22:20 <hggdh> slickymaster: o prazer é meu, creia :-)

 22:20 <belkinsa> #topic olive

 22:20 <belkinsa> Is olive here?

 22:21 <belkinsa> Okay, if not, he will have to wait for the 22 UTC meeting

 22:21 <wxl> you mean 12 utc belkinsa ?

 22:21 <belkinsa> Thanks for everyone for coming!

 22:21 <elacheche_anis> the next 22 UTC meeting maybe :D

 22:21 <belkinsa> No, he signed up only for 22 UTC

 22:21 <gsilva> 11, more precisely :P

 22:21 <wxl> oh

 22:21 <belkinsa> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)