== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 05 Mar at 17:02 &mdash; 17:43 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2015/ubuntu-meeting.2015-03-05-17.02.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Any other business ===
The discussion about "Any other business" started at 17:08.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * dholbach (50)
 * mhall119 (34)
 * elfy (28)
 * cprofitt (27)
 * czajkowski (8)
 * meetingology (5)
 * Pici (3)
 * pleia2 (1)



== Full Log ==


 17:02 <dholbach> #startmeeting

 17:02 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Mar  5 17:02:11 2015 UTC.  The chair is dholbach. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 17:02 <meetingology> 

 17:02 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 17:02 <dholbach> #chair czajkowski elfy

 17:02 <meetingology> Current chairs: czajkowski dholbach elfy

 17:02 <dholbach> how are we all doing?

 17:02 <dholbach> looking at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/CommunityCouncilAgenda it looks like we're meeting up with the IRC Council today

 17:02 <mhall119> hello everyone

 17:02 <dholbach> #chair mhall119

 17:02 <meetingology> Current chairs: czajkowski dholbach elfy mhall119

 17:02 <dholbach> do we have anyone from the IRC Council here?

 17:03 * mhall119 doesn't see IRC council on that wiki page

 17:04 <dholbach> mhall119, 5th March

 17:04 <mhall119> ah, nvm me, there it is

 17:04 <dholbach> :)

 17:04 <mhall119> just not in the table

 17:04 <dholbach> yeah, it wasn't updated

 17:04 <elfy> no-one reminded them - I pinged irc-ops this morning and mailed them later

 17:05 <dholbach> Pici, Tm_T, elky, hggdh: anyone of you there?

 17:05 <dholbach> flanell doesn't seem to be in #u-meeting

 17:06 <dholbach> if not, we might have to reschedule

 17:06 <elfy> Tm_T wasn't sure if he could make it with travelling

 17:06 <mhall119> did we have anyone else on the schedule for today?

 17:06 <elfy> mhall119: nope that's it

 17:07 <dholbach> ok.. I can take an action to mail the IRC Council to reschedule

 17:07 <dholbach> and we can open the floor to other business?

 17:08 <elfy> yep - works for me

 17:08 <dholbach> cool

 17:08 <dholbach> #topic Any other business

 17:09 <dholbach> there's the membership nomination period going on right now - do we need to start another call for nominees or something?

 17:10 <elfy> got done 2 weeks ago - might be useful to catch membership board to see if they've had any response

 17:11 <dholbach> ok

 17:12 <czajkowski> cool

 17:12 <dholbach> DMB got done

 17:12 <dholbach> are there other boards/councils restaffing now or soon?

 17:12 <elfy> loco is in hand

 17:13 <elfy> then all clear till the wibbly wobbly whinocewos cycle

 17:13 <dholbach> ok, in terms of the loco council, do we need to do anything?

 17:14 * dholbach just mailed the Membership boards as well

 17:15 <elfy> dholbach: don't think so

 17:15 <dholbach> ok cool

 17:15 <dholbach> I know I still have to participate in the CC interviews :)

 17:15 * mhall119 casts his vote for wibbly wobbly whinocewos

 17:16 <elfy> bad bad dholbach :p

 17:16 <dholbach> are there any other work items we need to look at now?

 17:16 <Pici> I'm sort of here, but doing work stuff as well... I'd prefer that we reschedule so that some others can attend to.

 17:16 <Pici> too

 17:16 <mhall119> UOS is coming up, we should think about what we want to do in terms of sessions and getting others in the community to participate and propose sessions

 17:17 * cprofitt waves

 17:17 <elfy> Pici: ok :)

 17:17 <mhall119> hi Pici

 17:17 <Pici> hi!

 17:17 <elfy> hi cprofitt :)

 17:17 <cprofitt> hello elfy

 17:17 <dholbach> mhall119, nice one!

 17:17 <dholbach> Pici, makes sense

 17:17 <dholbach> and hi!

 17:18 <dholbach> mhall119, how do we best organise this? just do a call for sessions, maybe on the community list?

 17:19 <mhall119> dholbach: that, but maybe we should also contact each of the different councils directly and encourage them to have their own plans for recruiting and running sessions

 17:19 <cprofitt> dholbach: community list, fridge and planet?

 17:19 <cprofitt> +1 mhall119

 17:20 <dholbach> yes, makes sense

 17:20 <mhall119> dholbach: please do me a favor and include an appeal for track lead volunteers in whatever is sent out

 17:20 <mhall119> people interested in being a track lead can contact me directly

 17:21 <elfy> perhaps we should think about those teams that have told us "getting people involved is an issue"

 17:21 <elfy> then see if we can get someone from those to run a session

 17:21 <elfy> or rather point them in the right direction

 17:21 <cprofitt> I like that idea a lot elfy

 17:21 <mhall119> yeah, we might need to be pro-active and help them make that happen

 17:22 <cprofitt> perhaps having them hold a session about their team would help

 17:22 <dholbach> mhall119, I didn't agree to send something out yet :-P

 17:22 <mhall119> ok, so we need a doc where we can start putting this list together

 17:22 <cprofitt> we can offer some advice and assistance in making the session happen as well

 17:22 <mhall119> dholbach: I'm pretty sure you did :-P

 17:22 <dholbach> your jedi mind tricks don't work today :-P

 17:22 <elfy> mhall119: a pad would do

 17:23 <dholbach> I like the idea of the pad

 17:23 <cprofitt> dholbach says, this is not the community team member you are looking for. mhall119 looks the other way.

 17:24 <mhall119> elfy: and all: http://pad.ubuntu.com/PkXURXDKrM

 17:24 <mhall119> cprofitt: his german mind-tricks have to affect on me

 17:29 <dholbach> anything else we need to do in terms of UOS planning?

 17:29 <mhall119> "we" being the community council, I don't think so

 17:29 <dholbach> ok

 17:29 <mhall119> "we" being you and I on the community team, yeah, lots

 17:30 <dholbach> haha, yes :)

 17:30 <cprofitt> I think the CC should really encourage teams to get involved from a team level

 17:30 <mhall119> +1

 17:31 <cprofitt> I am also curious if we should allow sessions to be run at any time vs. setting times for them

 17:31 <elfy> well ... it never really worked for one team I'm involved with and the other it's just unlikely to ever happen

 17:31 <mhall119> Summit doesn't really support ad-hoc scheduling

 17:31 <cprofitt> with it being online it might make sense to open that up so people who can not attend due to time restrictions (work, sleep, etc) can attend.

 17:31 <elfy> mhall119: and that's mostly the problem imo

 17:32 * mhall119 welcomes somebody to come in and replace Summit with something better

 17:32 * elfy always wonders how many are missing because it IS 2am where they are

 17:33 <cprofitt> mhall119: I wasn't talking about ad-hoc, but the ability to schedule things in a larger window than the typical 8 hour summit bloc. That window made sense when were gathered in a physical location, but less now that it is virutal.

 17:33 <dholbach> maybe we'll manage this time to get a lot of the scheduling doine before UOS itself

 17:33 <elfy> cprofitt: that

 17:33 <cprofitt> I would hope we can schedule ahead of time; that would be my preference

 17:33 <mhall119> cprofitt: we could expand the range of time it's open, sure

 17:33 <cprofitt> that is what I was talking about mhall119

 17:33 <elfy> seems that the majority running it are either US or EU time(s)

 17:34 <mhall119> but getting track leads around to cover extra time is going to be dififcult

 17:34 <elfy> mhall119: ack that

 17:34 <cprofitt> elfy: exactly, but there is a great deal of difference between Berlin time and San Fran time.

 17:34 <cprofitt> mhall119: is there a way to have a EU and a US track lead -- assuming we find the volunteers

 17:34 <mhall119> we can always say "These are the core hours, track leads are around to help then, or you can use these other hours, but you're on your own to make it happen"

 17:35 <elfy> mhall119: possibly useful

 17:35 <mhall119> cprofitt: I think we had a decent mix the last few times, it's asia we didn't cover

 17:35 <cprofitt> mhall119: I agree

 17:35 <cprofitt> Do we think opening the hours and having TZ leads would help get people from Asia?

 17:36 <mhall119> czajkowski: pleia2: are you around to comment on this

 17:36 <mhall119> ?

 17:36 <mhall119> cprofitt: maybe?

 17:37 <czajkowski> sorry reading back

 17:37 <czajkowski> had t jump elsewhere

 17:37 <cprofitt> mhall119: yeah, that is what I was guessing... it is hard to know which came first... chicken or the egg

 17:37 <dholbach> maybe we could ask folks in Asia/Oceania to come up a proposal of their own? like: propose sessions/session leaders and times and then we take it from there?

 17:38 <czajkowski> I stil say schedule a longer day or take some time off in the middle of the day and add a weekend date

 17:38 <cprofitt> dholbach: that should work.

 17:38 <dholbach> it'll be hard to change the format and it'll be quite some work

 17:38 <cprofitt> I like that idea too czajkowski

 17:38 <czajkowski> its hard to volunteer mid week and work to sit at a screen. One day at weekend would help

 17:38 <dholbach> and if we don't know that it's actually desired or necessary, then it might be better to focus on other stuff

 17:38 <elfy> czajkowski: I'm certainly more likely to be available weekend

 17:38 <cprofitt> with this being virtual there is less need to schdule it the way a physical UDS was.

 17:38 <mhall119> IIRC, we had an hour block in the middle of last UDS for a break

 17:38 <cprofitt> weekends would be excellent as well.

 17:39 <elfy> mhall119: yea that seemed odd to me

 17:39 <cprofitt> more people would not have work conflicts.

 17:39 <dholbach> maybe we could have a hangout to start the UOS planning and gather some more feedback? :)

 17:39 <mhall119> we can use next week's planned hangout

 17:39 <mhall119> if everybody can make it

 17:40 <elfy> I should actually be able to next week

 17:40 * czajkowski proposes a 2 hours gap in the day at least

 17:40 <dholbach> cool

 17:40 <czajkowski> and adding  a day at the weekend

 17:41 <mhall119> czajkowski: can you add your ideas to http://pad.ubuntu.com/PkXURXDKrM ?

 17:41 * dholbach marks it as the uos hangout :)

 17:41 <czajkowski> ack

 17:41 <dholbach> thanks a lot :)

 17:42 <dholbach> anything else?

 17:42 * mhall119 has nothing else

 17:42 * elfy neither

 17:42 * mhall119 is thrilled that we're starting UOS talks and planning more than just a couple of weeks before it starts

 17:43 <cprofitt> nothing else from me either.

 17:43 <cprofitt> +1 mhall119

 17:43 <dholbach> yes :)

 17:43 <dholbach> ok... that's a wrap then!

 17:43 <dholbach> thanks a lot everyone!

 17:43 <dholbach> #stopmeeting

 17:43 <cprofitt> we need to inovlve team leads as soon as possible as well.

 17:43 <dholbach> yep

 17:43 <elfy> dholbach: try

 17:43 <pleia2> endmeeting ;)

 17:43 <elfy> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)