== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting: Ubuntu Leadership Meeting, 14 Jan at 13:59 &mdash; 14:07 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2015/ubuntu-meeting.2015-01-14-13.59.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * belkinsa (10)
 * meetingology (3)



== Full Log ==


 13:59 <belkinsa> #startmeeting Ubuntu Leadership Meeting

 13:59 <meetingology> Meeting started Wed Jan 14 13:59:30 2015 UTC.  The chair is belkinsa. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 13:59 <meetingology> 

 13:59 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 13:59 <belkinsa> Who is all for the Ubuntu Leadership Mentoring Planning meeting?

 14:01 <belkinsa> Going once.

 14:01 <belkinsa> Twice.

 14:02 <belkinsa> Thrice.

 14:03 <belkinsa> Anyways the roadmap is on this pad here: http://pad.ubuntu.com/LeadershipMentoringRoadmap

 14:04 <belkinsa> And I think we should use Linux Padawan (http://linuxpadawan.net/) for mentoring.  Since it already there and we can make a sub-team for leadership mentoring there.

 14:06 <belkinsa> If so, we should set up guidelines on how we will be doing this.  And I think we are going to this via mailing-list since no one is here.  Or may the pad.

 14:07 <belkinsa> I will end the meeting here and move this to the mailing list.

 14:07 <belkinsa> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)