== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting: LoCo Council Meeting, Sept. 15, 2015, 15 Sep at 20:08 &mdash; 20:43 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2015/ubuntu-meeting.2015-09-15-20.08.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== ubuntu-tn re-verif ===
The discussion about "ubuntu-tn re-verif" started at 20:27.

  * ''Vote:'' ubuntu-tn re-verif (Carried)

=== ubuntu-us-az re-verif ===
The discussion about "ubuntu-us-az re-verif" started at 20:34.




== Vote results ==

 * [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2015/ubuntu-meeting.2015-09-15-20.08.log.html#51 ubuntu-tn re-verif]]
  * Motion carried (For/Against/Abstained 3/0/0)
   *  Voters jose, PabloRubianes, nhaines



== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * jose (35)
 * meetingology (16)
 * elacheche_anis (12)
 * PabloRubianes (8)
 * nhaines (4)
 * genii (2)
 * wxl (2)
 * lunapersa2 (2)
 * nizarus (1)
 * ubottu (1)
 * Dro__ (1)
 * coolbhavi (0)
 * SergioMeneses (0)



== Full Log ==


 20:08 <jose> #startmeeting LoCo Council Meeting, Sept. 15, 2015

 20:08 <meetingology> Meeting started Tue Sep 15 20:08:20 2015 UTC.  The chair is jose. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 20:08 <meetingology> 

 20:08 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 20:10 <jose> #voters PabloRubianes nhaines wxl jose coolbhavi SergioMeneses

 20:10 <meetingology> Warning: Nick not in channel: nhaines

 20:10 <meetingology> Warning: Nick not in channel: coolbhavi

 20:10 <meetingology> Warning: Nick not in channel: SergioMeneses

 20:10 <meetingology> Current voters: PabloRubianes SergioMeneses coolbhavi jose nhaines wxl

 20:10 <PabloRubianes> hello

 20:10 <jose> who's here?

 20:10 <elacheche_anis> o/

 20:13 <jose> I'll wait a couple more minutes.

 20:14 <elacheche_anis> jose: you missed lunapersa2 from the LoCo council too :p She can't vote for her own team but she can do that for the other one.. Am I wrong?

 20:14 <lunapersa2> hi jose

 20:15 <jose> didn't miss anything, we're gonna vote on that one first

 20:15 <jose> trying to work it the easy way with the bot

 20:15 <jose> not sure on how to remove voters :P

 20:15 <elacheche_anis> jose: you can add voters one by one :)

 20:16 <jose> meetingology is weird

 20:16 <meetingology> jose: Error: "is" is not a valid command.

 20:16 <jose> see?

 20:16 <elacheche_anis> loool :D ' #voters lunapersa2 ' should add her to the list, I did this many times with the Mermebrship Board meetings x)

 20:17 <jose> yes, which is the reason why I didn't add now and will do later

 20:17 <PabloRubianes> it doesn't matter

 20:17 <PabloRubianes> please move forward

 20:17 <elacheche_anis> Ah! OK :) So you'll go for a LIFO pipe?

 20:22 <jose> ok, so who from the lc is here?

 20:22 <jose> !lococouncil

 20:22 <ubottu> The LoCo Council is coolbhavi, jose, SergioMeneses, PabloRubianes, nhaines, wxl, and lunapersa - they are here to help, just ask! :) You can send them an email at loco-council@lists.ubuntu.com

 20:23 <PabloRubianes> o/

 20:23 <wxl> o/

 20:24 <wxl> indeed

 20:24 <lunapersa2> o/

 20:25 <jose> let's see if nhaines will join

 20:27 <jose> ok, so let's roll with this

 20:27 <jose> we've got ubuntu-tn first, https://wiki.ubuntu.com/TunisianTeam/ReVerificationApplication2015

 20:27 <jose> #topic ubuntu-tn re-verif

 20:27 <elacheche_anis> Ubuntu-tn LoCo contact here o/

 20:28 <jose> hi

 20:28 <jose> anything you'd want to say?

 20:28 <elacheche_anis> With some supporters from our LoCo → nizarus lunapersa2 Dro__  :)

 20:28 <jose> we'll get to them in a bit

 20:29 <elacheche_anis> OK :) I'm here to answer your questions :)

 20:30 <jose> any questions?

 20:30 <PabloRubianes> no the wiki looks solid

 20:30 <elacheche_anis> Here is our Re-Verification Wiki → https://wiki.ubuntu.com/TunisianTeam/ReVerificationApplication2015

 20:31 <jose> LC, ready to vote?

 20:31 <PabloRubianes> yes

 20:31 <nhaines> Yes.

 20:31 <jose> #vote ubuntu-tn re-verif

 20:31 <meetingology> Please vote on: ubuntu-tn re-verif

 20:31 <meetingology> Public votes can be registered by saying +1, +0 or -1 in channel, (for private voting, private message me with 'vote +1/-1/+0 #channelname)

 20:31 <nhaines> +1

 20:31 <meetingology> +1 received from nhaines

 20:31 <jose> +1

 20:31 <meetingology> +1 received from jose

 20:31 <PabloRubianes> +1 nice work

 20:31 <meetingology> +1 nice work received from PabloRubianes

 20:32 <jose> wxl?

 20:32 <jose> wxl?

 20:32 <nhaines> He may have been called away unexpectedly.

 20:32 <jose> #endvote

 20:32 <meetingology> Voting ended on: ubuntu-tn re-verif

 20:32 <meetingology> Votes for:3 Votes against:0 Abstentions:0

 20:32 <meetingology> Motion carried

 20:33 <jose> congrats

 20:33 <PabloRubianes> congrats elacheche_anis

 20:33 <elacheche_anis> Thanks guys :D

 20:33 <nhaines> Very, very good work.  Good luck for October, there are some great things planned.  :)

 20:33 <Dro__> congrats , awesome team :)

 20:33 <elacheche_anis> Many thanks guys :D This will motivate us more and more :D

 20:33 <nizarus> congrats elacheche_anis and the u-tn LoCo

 20:33 <elacheche_anis> Thx PabloRubianes jose nhaines :D

 20:34 <jose> now, let's move to AZ

 20:34 <jose> #topic ubuntu-us-az re-verif

 20:34 <jose> anyone from AZ around?

 20:35 <jose> no one from AZ?

 20:37 <genii> jose: I just went o their channel and reminded them.

 20:37 <jose> oh, thanks genii

 20:43 <genii> jose: Unfortunately it didn't seem to have much effect.

 20:43 <jose> I guess we'll call it a meeting.

 20:43 <jose> thanks all

 20:43 <jose> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)