== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 29 Oct at 15:03 &mdash; 15:36 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2015/ubuntu-meeting.2015-10-29-15.03.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning round ===
The discussion about "Lightning round" started at 15:03.

  * ''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/chiluk 

=== Sprint, UOS planning ===
The discussion about "Sprint, UOS planning" started at 15:18.


=== AOB ===
The discussion about "AOB" started at 15:28.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * slangasek (41)
 * pitti (31)
 * robru (23)
 * cyphermox (22)
 * ubottu (19)
 * tdaitx (17)
 * sil2100 (17)
 * chiluk (13)
 * caribou (13)
 * barry (13)
 * doko (12)
 * bdmurray (9)
 * meetingology (3)



== Full Log ==


 15:03 <slangasek> #startmeeting

 15:03 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Oct 29 15:03:11 2015 UTC.  The chair is slangasek. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 15:03 <meetingology> 

 15:03 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 15:03 <slangasek> [TOPIC] Lightning round

 15:03 <chiluk> o/

 15:03 <slangasek> $ echo $(shuf -e barry doko bdmurray slangasek caribou infinity sil2100 robru cyphermox pitti tdaitx)

 15:03 <slangasek> cyphermox caribou doko bdmurray slangasek barry tdaitx infinity sil2100 pitti robru

 15:03 <cyphermox> yay!

 15:03 <cyphermox> - last week: release sprint

 15:03 <cyphermox> - much fixing of last-minute issues: udisks2/polkit, localechooser, console-setup

 15:03 <cyphermox> - some fun package removal selections debugging with Laney in ubiquity

 15:03 <cyphermox> - fixing boot device selection issues on ppc64el

 15:04 <cyphermox> - fwupdate snapshot + fixing some bugs in the snapshot

 15:04 <cyphermox> - got slightly hindered by binutils bugs earlier this week

 15:04 <cyphermox> - merging d-i components: iso-scan, choose-mirror, cdrom-detect...

 15:04 <cyphermox> - updated syslinux-themes-ubuntu to add xenial.

 15:04 <sil2100> o/ Sorry for being late

 15:04 <cyphermox> - started merging apt-setup

 15:04 <cyphermox> - sponsoring grub2 fix for arm* for dannf.

 15:04 <cyphermox> - completing the multipath-tools update + SRU for upgrades from < wily

 15:04 <cyphermox> - lots of testing since this means changing /etc/fstab

 15:04 <cyphermox> - investigating netcfg changes for bug LP: #1452202

 15:04 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1452202 in debian-installer (Ubuntu) "ubuntu preseed install fails to set a hostname" [Medium,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1452202

 15:04 <cyphermox> - ipmitool SRU for bug LP: #1509896

 15:04 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1509896 in ipmitool (Ubuntu) "IPMI USB SCSI endpoint discovery can fail on OpenPower machines" [Medium,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1509896

 15:04 <cyphermox> - digging into lvm2 cyclic dependency (bug LP: #1497688)

 15:04 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1497688 in lvm2 (Ubuntu) "dmsetup and libdevmapper1.02.1 fail to install, depend on each other" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1497688

 15:04 <cyphermox> (done)

 15:04 <sil2100> (DST again)

 15:04 <caribou> Bugfix :

 15:04 <caribou> - Precise SAN/LVM boot hang Most probably a config issue

 15:04 <caribou> Knowledge transfer :

 15:04 <caribou> Blog post on Kdump-tools modification - Need to talk to Debian kernel team about applying upstream

 15:04 <caribou> Blog post on crashdump charm

 15:05 <caribou> Z series reading & training

 15:05 <caribou> (done)

 15:05 <slangasek> doko:

 15:06 <chiluk> slick caribou re: crashdump charm ..

 15:07 <slangasek> bdrung:

 15:07 <slangasek> eh

 15:07 <slangasek> bdmurray:

 15:07 * slangasek kicks his irc client that isn't even alphabetical

 15:07 <doko> ohh, moved an hour early?

 15:07 <bdmurray> updated LP: #1505818 regarding successful retrace after SAS removal                                                                                                    updated daisy, errors for xenial                                                                                                                                       created apport-test-crashes for xenial

 15:07 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1505818 in Daisy "Need a method to ask for a core file for a failed to retrace crash" [Medium,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1505818

 15:07 <slangasek> doko: yes, we're in the middle of the DST dance now

 15:08 <bdmurray> investigation into software-center debconf issue (LP: #1389582)                                                                                                        reported / tested ubuntu-release-upgrader bug LP: #1506971                                                                                                             research into / fixing of ubuntu-release-upgrader bug LP: #1509305

 15:08 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1389582 in software-center (Ubuntu) "software-center misses a dependency on libgtk2-perl" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1389582

 15:08 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1506971 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu) "ubuntu-release-upgrader apport_crash code should filter out dpkg returning 1" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1506971

 15:08 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1509305 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu Wily) "new kernel removed after upgrade if linux meta package not installed" [High,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1509305

 15:08 * doko is writing the summary

 15:08 <bdmurray> W SRU verification of bug LP: #1504897                                                                                                                                 T SRU verification of apport bug LP: 1336462                                                                                                                           P, T, V SRU of apport bug LP: #1500450

 15:08 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1504897 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu Xenial) "packages with only upstart+systemd without sysvinit fail to upgrade with do-release-upgrade: upgrade tarballs ship obsolete invoke-rc.d" [High,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1504897

 15:08 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1336462 in apport (Ubuntu Trusty) "Make apport collect some Power information" [Undecided,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1336462

 15:08 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1500450 in apport (Ubuntu Vivid) "/usr/share/apport/package_hook:FileExistsError:/usr/share/apport/package_hook@64:make_report_file" [High,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1500450

 15:08 <bdmurray> investigation into / fixing of LP: #1506169

 15:08 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1506169 in software-properties (Ubuntu Wily) "if linux metapackage is installed software properties will uninstall it" [High,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1506169

 15:08 <bdmurray> updated meta-release-proposed for Wily                                                                                                                                 setup rls-x- and other xenial reports                                                                                                                                  uploaded new ubuntu-release-upgrader for xenial

 15:09 <bdmurray> âœ” done

 15:09 <slangasek> doko: do you need more time to write? should we get you at the end?

 15:09 * barry gets to dance the dst-jig sunday morning

 15:09 <slangasek> * archive is open; clearing merge backlog

 15:09 <slangasek> * fielding customer questions about openjdk support

 15:09 <slangasek> * working on our secureboot story for fwupdate

 15:09 <slangasek> * assisting with partner questions about cryptsetup and snappy

 15:09 <slangasek> * s390x planning

 15:09 <slangasek> * discussion on maas 1.8 SRU

 15:09 <slangasek> (done)

 15:10 <barry> debugging, reporting, testing issues related to bogus egg-info leaking into python3.5 versioned path in python3-* binary packages.  fixed now in dh-python git, verified this fixes affected packages with workarounds removed.  prep affected packages for uploads to remove workarounds once new dh-python hits archive.

 15:10 <barry> started looking at python-coverage 4.0.1, discuss with maintainer.

 15:10 <sil2100> When is my turn?

 15:10 <barry> zope-interface 4.1.3-1; debian bug #802415; python-cachecontrol 0.11.5-1.1 (nmu->git); debian bug #802130; numpydoc 0.5-1 and 0.5-2 reviewed and sponsored; zope.event 4.1.0-1; debian bug #802113 & zope.i18n 4.0.1-3; debian bug #802130 & chameleon 2.24-1

 15:10 <ubottu> Debian bug 802415 in src:zope.schema "zope.schema: FTBFS: Missing build-dep on zope.interface(?)" [Serious,Fixed] http://bugs.debian.org/802415

 15:10 <ubottu> Debian bug 802130 in src:python-chameleon "python-chameleon: FTBFS: KeyError: '__wrapped__'" [Serious,Fixed] http://bugs.debian.org/802130

 15:10 <ubottu> Debian bug 802113 in src:zope.i18n "zope.i18n: FTBFS: Tries to download zope.testing from pypy" [Serious,Fixed] http://bugs.debian.org/802113

 15:10 <slangasek> sil2100: after tdaitx

 15:10 <barry> LP: #1510558

 15:10 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1510558 in software-properties (Ubuntu) "ppa shortcut handler exception stops shortcut resolution" [High,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1510558

 15:10 <barry> review of robru cupstream2distro branch

 15:10 <barry> working with other python.org sysadmins to move mail.python.org after catastrophic failure of 15+ year old machine.

 15:10 <barry> reviewing xenial-proposed promotion failures

 15:10 <barry> --done--

 15:10 <tdaitx> Current/Past

 15:10 <tdaitx> - Backported 8u65 security patches to openjdk-7-7u85-2.6.1 for Wily;

 15:10 <tdaitx> backported one changeset from JDK8 and one non security 8u65 patch as well; provided backports to Vivid, Trusty, and Precise

 15:10 <tdaitx> - Tested IcedTea 2.6.2 pre02 release; so far only xrender patch had to be removed (as it was upstreamed); sent arm64 zero build issue upstream, fixed right away

 15:10 <tdaitx> - Tested and provided IcedTea 2.6.2 debdiff; based on 7u85-2.6.1-5, doko based it on 7u85-2.6.1-6 and fixed the debian dir permissions (sorry about that and thanks!)

 15:10 <tdaitx> - Started backporting 7u91 patches to OpenJDK 6; investigating a few additional failures compared to the last build

 15:10 <tdaitx> - Tested IcedTea 1.13.9 pre release, alles gut; reported back to IcedTea devs

 15:10 <tdaitx> -

 15:10 <tdaitx> Next steps

 15:10 <tdaitx> - pack IcedTea 1.13.9, provide backports for all supported series

 15:10 <tdaitx> - verify OpenJDK 6 TLS patch (LP: #1482924)

 15:10 <tdaitx> - get back to TCK and schedule a whole load of tests

 15:10 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1482924 in openjdk-7 (Ubuntu) "Regressions due to USN-2696-1" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1482924

 15:10 <tdaitx> - enjoy the sprint

 15:11 <tdaitx> Waiting/On hold

 15:11 <tdaitx> - waiting OCA to submit webrevs for 7093640 backport (set TLS 1.1 as default for JDK 6 and TLS 1.2 as default for JDK 7); not blocking anything for now, just waiting

 15:11 <tdaitx> (done)

 15:11 <sil2100> - Landing team work, silo coordination, preparing landing e-mails

 15:11 <sil2100> - RTM Status meetings

 15:11 <sil2100> - appmenu-qt5:

 15:11 <sil2100> * More investigation on the shortcut bug, multiple Qt rebuilds

 15:11 <sil2100> - +1-maintenance:

 15:11 <sil2100> * Various no-change rebuilds for the ocaml transition

 15:11 <sil2100> - Preparing for some seed additions, fixing language fonts

 15:11 <sil2100> - system-image:

 15:11 <sil2100> * Preparing basic tagging functionality to support OTA notations in system-settings

 15:11 <sil2100> * Preparing krillin for a test-flash (battling ubuntu-device-flash)

 15:11 <sil2100> * Exporting local system-image server for QA testing

 15:11 <sil2100> - Flight preparations

 15:11 <sil2100> - Working hours moved more to the evening due looking for an apartment to buy

 15:11 <sil2100> (done)

 15:11 <pitti> release engineering:

 15:11 <pitti> - help with ISO testing, archive maintenance etc. for wily

 15:11 <pitti> - set up autopkgtest, apport retracers, ddebs for xenial

 15:11 <pitti> autopkgtest:

 15:11 <pitti> - set up autopkgtesting for ppc64el in ScalingStack; lots of problems and RTs, ongoing

 15:11 <pitti> - adjust kernel package installation to work around linux-meta inconsistency on precise

 15:11 <pitti> - draft https://blueprints.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+spec/foundations-x-proposed-migragion

 15:12 <pitti> systemd:

 15:12 <pitti> - continue to debug boot race condition (https://github.com/systemd/systemd/issues/1505)

 15:12 <pitti> - investigate networkd regression in trunk (https://github.com/systemd/systemd/issues/1645)

 15:12 <pitti> misc:

 15:12 <pitti> - Fix a lot of broken upgrades due to ubuntu-release-upgrader bug (#1504897)

 15:12 <pitti> - apport security fix (#1507480), fix test suite failures

 15:12 <pitti> - fix test regressions in apt-clone, click-apparmor, gexiv2, python-astropy, ubuntu-drivers-common

 15:12 <pitti> - fix FTBFS of gnucash, sleuthkit, python-apt

 15:12 <pitti> - merges: gnome-color-manager, init-system-helpers, openimageio, openvpn, systemd, util-linux, debhelper

 15:12 <pitti> - investigate juju lxc container build bug (#1509747)

 15:12 <pitti> - wpasupplicant:  Add workaround for wifi failure after resuming (#1422143)

 15:12 <pitti> - prepare systemd.conf talk

 15:12 <pitti> - Help Chipaca with snappy network config unit

 15:12 <pitti> - Help stgraber with lxcfs regression

 15:12 <pitti> EOT

 15:12 <robru> lp:cupstream2distro

 15:12 <robru> - fix bug generating version numbers for packages that were previously reverted

 15:12 <robru> - refactor publish job bringing it inline with "phase" mechanism used by other jobs

 15:12 <robru> - re-report silo dirty statuses (if any) after silo build completes

 15:12 <robru> - detect new commits when deciding which packages to build

 15:12 <robru> - scan all silos for new commits every 15 minutes, marking dirty if commits found

 15:12 <robru> - fix unhandled traceback when request has invalid sync source set

 15:12 <robru> - enable xenial & prevent publishing wily-based dual silos.

 15:12 <robru> - improve accuracy when checking that dest archive has a release not in project trunk

 15:12 <robru> - Switch to simpler file format for storing important version numbers on disk; rip out a bunch of parsing logic for the old format

 15:12 <robru> - write branch revids later during build so that train doesn't accidentally consider revids built when build fails (more accurate detection of which packages require building in build job)

 15:12 <robru> - ton of pep8 cleanups as wily version of pep8 is now more strict than previous versions

 15:12 <robru> - begun implementing some amqp logic necessary for submitting autopkgtest requests against silo PPAs

 15:12 <robru> - overhaul of silo locking to prevent different jobs from running in the same silo simultaneously.

 15:12 <robru> lp:bileto

 15:12 <robru> - automatically detect & reconnect to db when connection drops (fortunately this wasn't a problem in production but staging went totally crazy dropping connections constantly)

 15:12 <robru> - switch default series to xenial+vivid

 15:12 <robru> - fix link to excuses page for xenial+vivid silos

 15:12 <robru> lp:phablet-tools

 15:12 <robru> - drastic overhaul of citrain tool to allow installing deps from overlay & archive if silos explicitly require it, but otherwise ignoring updates from those places.

 15:12 <robru> lp:canonical-mojo-specs

 15:12 <robru> - change jenkins/0 unit ephemeral disk from 10gb to 30gb so the next deploy won't have so many disk issues constantly

 15:12 <robru> (done)

 15:15 <doko> - xenial opening activities

 15:15 <doko> - got Python 3.5 as the default

 15:15 <doko> - giflib5 transition

 15:15 <doko> - openjdk-7 review and uploads

 15:15 <doko> - tracking, forwarding, fixing binutils issues

 15:15 <doko> - xenial development announce mail

 15:15 <doko> - some work on outstanding SRUs

 15:15 <doko> - first merges for xenial

 15:15 <doko> - trying to point out some work needing transitions on +1-maintenance

 15:15 <doko> (done)

 15:15 <slangasek> chiluk: anything you want to report on?

 15:16 <chiluk> just wanted to announce my ucd application

 15:16 <chiluk> https://wiki.ubuntu.com/chiluk

 15:16 <slangasek> \o/

 15:16 <cyphermox> cool.

 15:16 <chiluk> I'd appreciate any and all comments/ support

 15:17 <tdaitx> nice =)

 15:17 <chiluk> also I'm still working on the trusty backport for https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/coreutils/+bug/1432871

 15:17 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1432871 in coreutils (Ubuntu Vivid) "`df` shows bind mounts instead of real mounts." [Undecided,In progress]

 15:17 <chiluk> Hopefully I"ll have that completed today.  Vivid and wily seem to not have issue.

 15:18 <chiluk> thanks slangasek

 15:18 <chiluk> done

 15:18 <slangasek> great

 15:18 <slangasek> [TOPIC] Sprint, UOS planning

 15:19 <slangasek> UOS and the sprint, both coming up next week

 15:19 <slangasek> if there's anything you expect to be talking to other people about at either event next week, please make sure you get it submitted to the corresponding schedule

 15:20 <slangasek> e.g. http://summit.ubuntu.com/uos-1511/create_meeting/ or just create and target a blueprint in launchpad

 15:21 <slangasek> and for the sprint schedule, https://docs.google.com/document/d/1rTTErfbJmBWM91uUvs0dmILcJujxskTf_ULSoGpxkYo/edit

 15:22 <slangasek> agenda, rather

 15:22 <slangasek> there is actually a schedule as well; meetings are being scheduled on the Client Track calendar

 15:22 <chiluk> slangasek can you expound on the maas 1.8 discussions?  Is it just SRU issues?

 15:22 <slangasek> if anyone doesn't have access to that let me know

 15:22 <caribou> cyphermox: can we spare some time to look over BUG #1491894

 15:22 <ubottu> bug 1491894 in grub2 (Ubuntu Trusty) "lucid to precise to trusty upgrade may leave system unbootable" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1491894

 15:22 <cyphermox> caribou: yep

 15:23 <caribou> cyphermox: I'll add it to the schedule just to remember

 15:23 <cyphermox> cool.

 15:24 <slangasek> chiluk: just about the fact that we don't actually have an exception on the books for maas yet for SRUs; infinity let the 1.7 version through provisionally, and the plan was to revisit that for the next one and see how it had gone, but infinity is on vacation this week so I got drawn into it - it'll have to wait for infinity to come back with his context

 15:24 <chiluk> I figured as much

 15:25 <chiluk> fyi I'm a big fan of 1.8 over 1.7...

 15:25 <chiluk> but the process needs to be followed.

 15:25 <slangasek> yep :)

 15:26 <cyphermox> caribou: you adding our agenda item or should I do it?

 15:26 <caribou> cyphermox: go ahead, I don't have edit rights

 15:26 <cyphermox> ok

 15:28 <slangasek> [TOPIC] AOB

 15:28 <slangasek> anything else?

 15:28 <caribou> yes, what is the official support status of Wubi on Trusty ?

 15:28 <bdmurray> o/

 15:28 <caribou> can we still propose SRUs for it ?

 15:28 <barry> slangasek: do you know if we're going to have desktop representation at the sprint?

 15:29 <slangasek> caribou: as far as I recall, wubi was supported in trusty only to the extent that it was needed for the autorun.exe

 15:29 <slangasek> barry: no one coming to the sprint, no

 15:29 <caribou> slangasek: ok

 15:29 <barry> slangasek: ok

 15:29 <slangasek> bdmurray: ?

 15:29 <bdmurray> I could use help verifying bug 1506169 as its hardware specific. Or pitti if you know some way to fake the hardware...

 15:29 <ubottu> bug 1506169 in software-properties (Ubuntu Wily) "if linux metapackage is installed software properties will uninstall it" [High,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1506169

 15:29 <pitti> desktop just had a sprint in London; indeed a bit sad that we are now so separated :/

 15:30 <barry> pitti: yeah, and we do need input from desktop re: python3-only efforts

 15:30 <pitti> bdmurray: if you run software-properties-gtk under /usr/share/ubuntu-drivers-common/fake-devices-wrapper you should have an nvidia and an amd card, and a broadcom wifi

 15:30 <pitti> bdmurray: but that only affects the one program you run under it, not a whole dist-upgrade

 15:31 <pitti> but in fact it seems that ths should suffice for this bug?

 15:31 <bdmurray> pitti: yes it should, thanks!

 15:31 <pitti> barry: the wrapper script quite short, you can of course  kick out the aticard and bcmwifi bits

 15:32 <barry> bdmurray ^^ :)

 15:33 <pitti> err, thanks barry :)

 15:33 <slangasek> (at least that tab complete was alphabetical ;)

 15:34 <pitti> slangasek: it's not; it's "who spoke last"

 15:34 <slangasek> pitti: I know

 15:34 <pitti> which DTRT in most cases, but if someone else speask in between it breaks muscle memory :)

 15:34 <slangasek> ok, anything else?

 15:36 <pitti> we need to practice saying "howdy y'all" again!

 15:36 <slangasek> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)