== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 03 Dec at 17:01 &mdash; 18:00 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2015/ubuntu-meeting.2015-12-03-17.01.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Introductions ===
The discussion about "Introductions" started at 17:05.


=== Updating the CC agenda schedule ===
The discussion about "Updating the CC agenda schedule" started at 17:18.

  * ''ACTION:'' dholbach to check the list of dates on http://pad.ubuntu.com/dQDBNCfRIY for conflicts
  * ''ACTION:'' mhall119 to invite teams after we checked dates for collisions

=== Restaffing teams in 2016 ===
The discussion about "Restaffing teams in 2016" started at 17:32.

  * ''LINK:'' http://pad.ubuntu.com/9sK41pmNjL 
  * ''LINK:'' https://launchpad.net/~ubuntu-irc-council/+members#active 
  * ''LINK:'' http://pad.ubuntu.com/9sK41pmNjL updated
  * ''ACTION:'' dholbach to mail teams about upcoming restaffings
  * ''ACTION:'' dholbach to start a conversation on the list about team reports
  * ''ACTION:'' sgclark to update the team report for this meeting

=== Any other business ===
The discussion about "Any other business" started at 17:52.

  * ''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/CommunityCouncil and the pages linked from there is what I can think of



== Vote results ==




== Action items, by person ==

 * dholbach
  * dholbach to check the list of dates on http://pad.ubuntu.com/dQDBNCfRIY for conflicts
  * dholbach to mail teams about upcoming restaffings
  * dholbach to start a conversation on the list about team reports
 * mhall119
  * mhall119 to invite teams after we checked dates for collisions
 * sgclark
  * sgclark to update the team report for this meeting



== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * dholbach (93)
 * sgclark (33)
 * mhall119 (31)
 * hggdh (12)
 * marcoceppi (9)
 * meetingology (9)
 * balloons (2)
 * czajkowski (1)



== Full Log ==


 17:01 <dholbach> #startmeeting

 17:01 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Dec  3 17:01:52 2015 UTC.  The chair is dholbach. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 17:01 <meetingology> 

 17:01 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 17:01 <dholbach> hello hello :)

 17:01 <marcoceppi> o/

 17:02 <sgclark> hello

 17:02 <dholbach> #chair sgclark czajkowski marcoceppi mhall119 hggdh

 17:02 <meetingology> Current chairs: czajkowski dholbach hggdh marcoceppi mhall119 sgclark

 17:02 <dholbach> Welcome to the first meeting of the new Community Council :-)

 17:03 <sgclark> Hello everyone, newb council member at your service.

 17:03 <czajkowski> aloha

 17:03 <mhall119> o/

 17:03 <dholbach> it looks like belkinsa and sabdfl are not around, but we have quite some good attendance already :)

 17:04 <dholbach> There were two organisation bits I wanted to bring up: updating the CC Agenda page with the catchups of this cycle and looking at the restaffings which happen this cycle

 17:04 <dholbach> do we have any other bits we want to go through before that?

 17:04 <dholbach> should we maybe do some introductions of us? :)

 17:04 <sgclark> yeah

 17:04 <mhall119> +1 for introductions

 17:05 <dholbach> let's do that then :)

 17:05 <dholbach> #topic Introductions

 17:05 <dholbach> Who wants to go first?

 17:05 <sgclark> sure I will

 17:07 <sgclark> Hi, My name is Scarlett Clark. I am a developer for Kubuntu and KDE. I have been contibuting to (k)ubuntu family for a few years. This is my first run at the communitly political side of things. Bear with me as I find my way around things. Feel free to ask me any questions.

 17:07 <sgclark> and my typing is horrid. sorry for that.

 17:08 * sgclark fears the silence

 17:09 * marcoceppi finishes typing

 17:09 <marcoceppi> Hello, I'm Marco Ceppi. I'm a moderator on Ask Ubuntu and have been in the Ubuntu community for a quite few years now as wella s a long time Ubuntu user. While I mostly interact with users of Ubuntu Cloud and Server, I look forward to helping with the governece. I also serve on the Ubuntu Membership Board and work as an Engineering Manager at Canonical on the Juju Charm Community team

 17:09 <sgclark> oohh juju, my new best friend

 17:10 <mhall119> heh :)

 17:10 <mhall119> I'm Michael Hall, a returning member of the Community Council, I am also a community manager at Canonical and long-time community contributor

 17:11 <dholbach> Hello, I'm Daniel Holbach, also returning member of the CC. I've been part of Ubuntu for a long while and always liked to work with the different developer communities - right now I'm looking at Snappy Ubuntu Core a lot, I'm with mhall119 on the Community team.

 17:12 <dholbach> czajkowski? :)

 17:13 <dholbach> We'll introduce belkinsa and sabdfl the next time. ;-)

 17:13 <mhall119> sabdfl probably doesn't need it :)

 17:13 <sgclark> probably not lol

 17:16 <marcoceppi> cool, welcome everyone o/

 17:16 <dholbach> ok... it looks like czajkowski is in a conflicting meeting right now... we can maybe get her intro later on :)

 17:16 <dholbach> yes, welcome everyone... I'm looking forward to working together with you :)

 17:17 <mhall119> I'd one again like to thank all of our new and returning members for taking on this responsibility

 17:17 <sgclark> welcome everyone, ditto

 17:18 <mhall119> dholbach: shall we start with the CC agenda schedule?

 17:18 <dholbach> yep, let's

 17:18 <dholbach> #topic Updating the CC agenda schedule

 17:18 <dholbach> so I just copied the old CC agenda to http://pad.ubuntu.com/dQDBNCfRIY

 17:19 <dholbach> basically what we did in the last 2-3 years(?) was to invite other teams/councils/governance bodies into our CC meetings to have a brief catchup and get up to date on what's happening in other communities and offer help where we can

 17:19 <dholbach> we could review the list of teams and see everyone's represented

 17:20 <dholbach> in the meantime I could add dates, always alternating between 1st and 3rd Thu of the month

 17:20 <sgclark> hmm I cant seem to access that

 17:22 <dholbach> sgclark, can you try to join https://launchpad.net/~ubuntu-etherpad?

 17:22 <dholbach> although... as an Ubuntu member you should be part of it already

 17:22 <dholbach> yes: https://launchpad.net/~sgclark/+participation

 17:23 <sgclark> ok works in chrome, my firefox is grumpy this morning

 17:23 <dholbach> oh ok

 17:23 <mhall119> dholbach: Having apps/phone folks on was nice, should we do the same with cloud/juju? marcoceppi thoughts?

 17:24 <dholbach> ah, nice idea

 17:24 <marcoceppi> So, these dates align with this meeting, so we'd simply be inviting these teams to join/status update?

 17:24 <dholbach> I also seem to remember that "Ubuntu Governance" was something we planned to do, but didn't quite follow up on

 17:25 <dholbach> marcoceppi, yes

 17:25 <marcoceppi> Having a Server/Cloud would be a good idea mhall119 dholbach

 17:26 <dholbach> cool, added them

 17:26 <dholbach> mhall119, czajkowski: do you remember what we wanted to do with "Ubuntu Governance"?

 17:27 <mhall119> dholbach: I think that was catching up with the sub-councils

 17:27 <dholbach> was this supposed to be a hangout? or a meeting where we invite all boards/councils or something completely different?

 17:27 <mhall119> all together to discuss the overall community governance

 17:27 <dholbach> ok... I guess can do that

 17:29 <dholbach> cool... if that's it, I would doublecheck that the meetings don't collide with popular holidays or sprints/events, then we could reach out to the teams

 17:30 <dholbach> #action dholbach to check the list of dates on http://pad.ubuntu.com/dQDBNCfRIY for conflicts

 17:30 * meetingology dholbach to check the list of dates on http://pad.ubuntu.com/dQDBNCfRIY for conflicts

 17:30 <mhall119> no obvious holidays that I know of

 17:30 <dholbach> cool

 17:31 <dholbach> shall we have a look at the teams which need restaffing next year?

 17:31 <mhall119> dholbach: I can send out invite emails to all of them once you've double checked the dates

 17:31 <mhall119> ifyou want to give me an action for that

 17:31 <dholbach> mhall119, awesome - thanks!

 17:31 <sgclark> looks ok to me

 17:31 <dholbach> #action mhall119 to invite teams after we checked dates for collisions

 17:31 * meetingology mhall119 to invite teams after we checked dates for collisions

 17:32 <dholbach> great

 17:32 <dholbach> #topic Restaffing teams in 2016

 17:32 <dholbach> maybe we can take a look look at the teams in https://launchpad.net/~ubuntu-council-teams/+members and see which need restaffing in 2016 and make a list

 17:33 <mhall119> so I know that the LoCo Council needs to be concluded, they have nominees already we just need to go through them

 17:33 <dholbach> maybe we just put them all in a pad

 17:33 <dholbach> http://pad.ubuntu.com/9sK41pmNjL

 17:33 <dholbach> ok, adding LoCo Council

 17:34 <mhall119> Kubuntu Council just recently restaffed, I think everybody there is good for another year

 17:34 <sgclark> kubuntu council is set for at least 1 year

 17:34 <sgclark> right

 17:36 <dholbach> sgclark, looking at https://launchpad.net/~kubuntu-council/+members#active - could it be that some of the folks need their expiry date updated?

 17:36 <dholbach> sgclark, it was a election of the full Kubuntu Council, right?

 17:38 <mhall119> it looks like three IRCC seats expire next month

 17:38 <sgclark> it was an election of replacements of those we lost

 17:38 <mhall119> https://launchpad.net/~ubuntu-irc-council/+members#active

 17:38 <dholbach> sgclark, ok, thanks

 17:39 <dholbach> http://pad.ubuntu.com/9sK41pmNjL updated

 17:39 <dholbach> it looks like some busy next 2 months :-)

 17:40 <mhall119> yes indeed

 17:40 <dholbach> I'm happy to mail all the teams with instructions and dates, so we can get the processes started.

 17:40 <mhall119> IRC and Forums we should open up for nominations soon

 17:40 <dholbach> yep

 17:40 <mhall119> what's the process for restaffing the TB?

 17:40 <mhall119> are we involved in that at all?

 17:41 <dholbach> ~ubuntu-dev members can vote

 17:41 <hggdh> I don think so, the TB has different rules

 17:41 <mhall119> that's what I thought too, but we can help spread the call for nominations

 17:41 <dholbach> we at least list them here: https://wiki.ubuntu.com/CommunityCouncil/Restaffing

 17:42 <dholbach> they won't mind a reminder from us :)

 17:42 <hggdh> heh

 17:42 <mhall119> :)

 17:43 <dholbach> all right... I'll send a couple of mails :)

 17:43 <dholbach> #action dholbach to mail teams about upcoming restaffings

 17:43 * meetingology dholbach to mail teams about upcoming restaffings

 17:44 <dholbach> do we have any other subjects we want to discuss?

 17:45 <dholbach> at some stage I think it'd be good to talk about team reports... I know I've been doing an awful job of updating https://wiki.ubuntu.com/CommunityCouncil/TeamReports

 17:45 <dholbach> pleia2 took care of them quite often

 17:45 <dholbach> I wonder if other teams are still using them or if we check them for things like the Ubuntu Weekly Newsletter

 17:46 <mhall119> honestly I haven't heard anybody talking about team reports in a long time

 17:46 <dholbach> yeah, I know

 17:46 <hggdh> perhaps this is a good question to ask the teams

 17:47 <dholbach> hggdh, you mean during the catchup with the team?

 17:47 <hggdh> yes, this would be the prefect moment, I think

 17:47 <dholbach> yep, I agree

 17:47 <hggdh> *perfect

 17:47 <dholbach> maybe we can also discuss it on the ubuntu-community-team@ list to see how people feel about it

 17:47 <dholbach> and maybe we can even give them a bit more visibility and make them more useful again

 17:48 <hggdh> dholbach: indeed it would geve a broader visibility

 17:48 <mhall119> +1 for discussing in the ML, since team reports are the responsibility of more than just the leaders of the teams we'll be meeting with

 17:48 <sgclark> I did not even know about them, so that sounds good, visibility..

 17:48 <dholbach> does anyone want to start the discussion on the mailing list?

 17:49 <dholbach> does anyone want to update our team reports page with a link to the meeting log and everything? :)

 17:49 <sgclark> since I dn't know anything about them, I have to decline :(

 17:49 <dholbach> fair enough :)

 17:49 <dholbach> no worries... I can mail the list - it should be quick to do

 17:50 <dholbach> #action dholbach to start a conversation on the list about team reports

 17:50 * meetingology dholbach to start a conversation on the list about team reports

 17:50 <sgclark> about updating our team reports page, I guess that would be a good place for me to start learning about them, ? trying to do ours? lol

 17:51 <dholbach> sounds good... I was very close to agreeing to do it, but I can't seem to log into the wiki :)

 17:51 <sgclark> well I would like to be useful, seems that is a good place to start.

 17:51 <dholbach> #action sgclark to update the team report for this meeting

 17:51 * meetingology sgclark to update the team report for this meeting

 17:51 <dholbach> thanks a lot sgclark

 17:52 <dholbach> let me know if I can help

 17:52 <dholbach> #topic Any other business

 17:52 <sgclark> will do

 17:52 <dholbach> awesome

 17:52 <dholbach> does anyone have anything else to discuss?

 17:52 <hggdh> not right now from me, still learning the ropes

 17:53 <sgclark> yeah, is there a place hidden on the web that outlines our full responsibilities?

 17:53 <dholbach> yeah... this was our get-the-cycle-started meeting, which is a bit different from the others :)

 17:53 <dholbach> https://wiki.ubuntu.com/CommunityCouncil and the pages linked from there is what I can think of

 17:53 <dholbach> let me see if there's more on community.u.c

 17:54 * balloons pokes his head in just to say hello and welcome to all the new CC members!

 17:54 <sgclark> read that, not really clear on my role yet though hah.

 17:54 <dholbach> there are some bits on http://community.ubuntu.com/community-structure/ and http://community.ubuntu.com/community-structure/governance/ but not too much

 17:55 <marcoceppi> I assumed we all wore robes and lorded around, ruling with an iron fist ;)

 17:55 <sgclark> ahh that looks useful thanks

 17:55 <sgclark> lol

 17:55 <dholbach> mhall119 and czajkowski can correct me if I'm wrong, but to me the largest part of the responsibilities on the CC was "being there for others" - when other teams had issues and needed help, either for a resolution or getting to know somebody who could help, that's what the CC did a lot

 17:56 <marcoceppi> dholbach: that's how I've always viewed the team

 17:56 <balloons> and hugs!

 17:56 <dholbach> marcoceppi, I'd like to see a picture of you with a robe and your iron fist before I post mine...

 17:56 <dholbach> balloons, right :-)

 17:56 <hggdh> balloons: hugs are always good :-)

 17:56 * dholbach hugs you all

 17:56 <mhall119> dholbach: it's become that by virtue of the fact that most other responsibilities have been delegates to those others

 17:56 * hggdh gives out a collective hug

 17:56 <sgclark> I can do hugs. my specialty

 17:57 <dholbach> what a great start of the new CC :-)

 17:57 <mhall119> I would like to see the CC become more pro-active in some areas though

 17:57 <sgclark> yes

 17:57 <mhall119> particularly in growing Membership and LoCo team activities

 17:58 <sgclark> yes +1 mhall119

 17:58 <mhall119> I'll bring that up more in our hangout next week though :)

 17:58 <sgclark> the community is not quite as healthy as it once was, I would like to attempt to address that.

 17:58 <dholbach> shall we start separate discussions about that? we could use the ubuntu-community-team list ... or brainstorm in a hangout first, yes, sounds good

 17:58 <sgclark> brainstorm first

 17:59 <dholbach> cool

 17:59 <mhall119> let's do a hangout first, to get a feel for what we all want to do with our roles in the CC

 17:59 <sgclark> yeah

 17:59 <hggdh> sgclark: ys, we cannot try to address whar we do not understand

 17:59 <dholbach> all right... I'll have to run in a bit - the family is in town and it's dinner time :)

 17:59 <sgclark> right

 17:59 * hggdh is going thru a real bad keybor experience tody

 17:59 <mhall119> any topics from anybody outside the CC?

 17:59 <marcoceppi> also, there'a another meeting starting in 1 min here

 18:00 <hggdh> <sigh/>

 18:00 <sgclark> I have a bad keyboard experience everyday!

 18:00 <dholbach> ok... let's wrap it then

 18:00 <dholbach> thanks a lot everyone!

 18:00 <dholbach> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)