== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting: Ubuntu Community Council meeting, 21 May at 17:02 &mdash; 18:03 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2015/ubuntu-meeting.2015-05-21-17.02.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Forums Council check-in ===
The discussion about "Forums Council check-in" started at 17:04.

  * ''LINK:'' https://rt.ubuntu.com/Ticket/Display.html?id=25642 
  * ''ACTION:'' mhall119 to request a response to RT#25642 for the Forums Council
  * ''ACTION:'' mhall119 request a response to RT#24227 for Forums Council

=== Core Apps checkin ===
The discussion about "Core Apps checkin" started at 17:29.


=== Any other business ===
The discussion about "Any other business" started at 18:01.




== Vote results ==




== Action items, by person ==

 * mhall119
  * mhall119 to request a response to RT#25642 for the Forums Council
  * mhall119 request a response to RT#24227 for Forums Council



== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * popey (95)
 * mhall119 (81)
 * elfy (56)
 * czajkowski (35)
 * cprofitt (7)
 * meetingology (6)
 * pleia2 (0)



== Full Log ==


 17:02 <mhall119> #startmeeting Ubuntu Community Council meeting

 17:02 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu May 21 17:02:41 2015 UTC.  The chair is mhall119. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 17:02 <meetingology> 

 17:02 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 17:02 <mhall119> Agenda: https://wiki.ubuntu.com/CommunityCouncilAgenda

 17:02 <cprofitt> hello all

 17:03 <elfy> o/

 17:03 <mhall119> #chair czajkowski cprofitt elfy pleia2

 17:03 <meetingology> Current chairs: cprofitt czajkowski elfy mhall119 pleia2

 17:03 <mhall119> it seems I remember the meetingology commands

 17:03 <elfy> always useful

 17:03 <mhall119> we have nothing on our Agenda wiki for today

 17:04 <mhall119> is there anybody around who has a topic they would like to discuss with the Community Council?

 17:04 <elfy> ummm mhall119

 17:04 <elfy> Forums Council 17:00UTC 21st May / Core Apps/Phone 17:30UTC 21st May

 17:04 <elfy> that's today ;)

 17:04 <popey> Yeah mhall119!

 17:04 <mhall119> elfy: ah, that's down further on the page, sorry I didn't see it

 17:04 <elfy> :D

 17:04 * popey rolls mhall119's mouse wheel a bit

 17:04 <mhall119> #topic Forums Council check-in

 17:05 <mhall119> anybody from the Forums Council here today?

 17:05 <elfy> I went and found the hat especially ...

 17:05 <cprofitt> popey: :-)

 17:05 <popey> suits you

 17:06 <elfy> only me mhall119 :)

 17:07 <elfy> pretty much all's good

 17:07 <mhall119> elfy: how has the forums activity been since the last checkin?

 17:07 <mhall119> elfy: any specific events or activities to share?

 17:07 <elfy> pretty much static month by month

 17:08 <elfy> we've just finished trying to get people involved in nominating themselves for mod team

 17:08 <mhall119> elfy: how successful was that?

 17:08 <elfy> that's not gone well really, not sure what we're going to do about that

 17:08 <elfy> pretty much the same as everywhere - hard to get people to want to 'leader' up

 17:09 <mhall119> what did you do to attract people?

 17:09 <elfy> threads - public and in the area members can see, blog post

 17:10 <czajkowski> elfy: and in general have the the FC seen an increase in users or is it just static ?

 17:10 <mhall119> elfy: how about directly asking people who you think would be a good mod if you can nominate them

 17:10 <mhall119> ?

 17:10 <elfy> czajkowski: mostly static - get increases at release time

 17:11 <elfy> mhall119: that is an option open to us still - but we're trying to make it a bit more open

 17:11 <mhall119> elfy: ack, but sometimes having a personal invite makes people more willing, we identified that in one of the UOS sessions earlier in the month

 17:12 <elfy> yes - and that's the way the forum has done it for 10 years

 17:12 <mhall119> ah, ok, so a public call is something new that's being tried?

 17:12 <elfy> yea

 17:12 <mhall119> ok

 17:13 <mhall119> elfy: any highlights or praises you'd like to give?

 17:13 <elfy> well - not brand new, we tried a while back - same

 17:13 <elfy> we're thinking on next steps

 17:14 <elfy> we still get people applying for membership via us - that's still working

 17:14 <cprofitt> elfy: what do you think might be causing people to now want to step up and be a moderator?

 17:14 <cprofitt> not

 17:15 * mhall119 guesses inertia is the most likely cause

 17:15 <elfy> cprofitt: not sure - could be the process, could be them seeing the 'troublesome' ones

 17:15 <elfy> and that mhall119

 17:16 <elfy> the new supermod group's making transition for people to FC much easier all round

 17:16 <mhall119> elfy: is there anything the CC can do to help with recruiting mods, or anything else for the Forums?

 17:16 <elfy> not with Mods no

 17:16 <elfy> as far as anything else - we're pretty good thanks

 17:17 <elfy> rt's are always a bit of an issue - but other than bumping old ones

 17:17 <elfy> things sitting around for 6 months or more get to be annoying

 17:17 <elfy> just finding one ...

 17:17 <czajkowski> elfy: is there anything outstanding on rt or in general the CC can help with ?

 17:18 <elfy> https://rt.ubuntu.com/Ticket/Display.html?id=25642

 17:18 <mhall119> we can try and bump priority on RTs, or at least get some action on old ones

 17:18 <elfy> I opened that last October -seems that all that's required is edit a config file

 17:18 <elfy> we of course don't have that access anymore

 17:19 <czajkowski> ugh

 17:19 <czajkowski> mhall119: surely we can get some bump on that RT

 17:19 <czajkowski> October is a long time ago

 17:19 <mhall119> yup, I'll take an action item to do that

 17:20 <mhall119> #action mhall119 to request a response to RT#25642 for the Forums Council

 17:20 * meetingology mhall119 to request a response to RT#25642 for the Forums Council

 17:20 <elfy> 24227 - April last - mods can't set their own passwords

 17:21 <elfy> generally though - positive

 17:21 <czajkowski> elfy: as in april just gone ?

 17:21 <mhall119> elfy: you said 24228 was solved, is 24227 still open?

 17:21 <elfy> oh - sorry we're in May ... 2015

 17:22 <elfy> 24228 is nothing to do with us afaik

 17:22 <mhall119> #action mhall119 request a response to RT#24227 for Forums Council

 17:22 * meetingology mhall119 request a response to RT#24227 for Forums Council

 17:22 <mhall119> elfy: ok

 17:23 <mhall119> elfy: which is the most urgent?

 17:23 <elfy> 24227

 17:23 <mhall119> ok, I'll push for that one first

 17:23 <elfy> but I think this is tied up with http/https/sso - knotty problem

 17:23 <mhall119> elfy: anything else the FC is blocked on or waiting on?

 17:24 <elfy> nope

 17:24 <mhall119> anything else the FC would like to discuss during this meeting?

 17:24 <elfy> well - waiting, but I'd not be worrying about recent ones

 17:24 <elfy> nope - I'm good thanks mhall119

 17:24 <elfy> I can take the hat off now ;)

 17:25 <mhall119> elfy: if you get to where you feel you've waited long enough, ask the CC to escelate it

 17:25 <elfy> yep

 17:25 <mhall119> you don't need to wait for the next checkin :)

 17:25 <elfy> well no - but they hang around for so long we forget lol

 17:26 <mhall119> cprofitt: czajkowski pleia2 anything else to talk to the FC about?

 17:26 <czajkowski> narp all good

 17:27 <cprofitt> I am good

 17:27 <mhall119> thanks elfy for representing the FC today

 17:27 <czajkowski> elfy: shout earlir if the FC need help with RTs

 17:27 <elfy> czajkowski: :~)

 17:27 <czajkowski> seems crazy waiting that long

 17:28 <elfy> hard to know what else they're up to - mostly just a note on the ticket 'soon'orsomething helps

 17:28 <elfy> syrup under space bar apparently ...

 17:29 <mhall119> #topic Core Apps checkin

 17:29 <mhall119> popey: your turn

 17:29 <popey> o/

 17:29 <elfy> well if everyone is good - we can move on to popey fidgeting in the corner :)

 17:29 <popey> Yo, wassup?

 17:29 <elfy> hi popey :)

 17:29 <popey> I was passing time providing support in #ubuntu :)

 17:30 <popey> <uncomfortable silence>

 17:30 <elfy> oh yes - words

 17:30 <elfy> so - anything awesome you can tell us about Phone :)

 17:30 <mhall119> popey: ok, first off then, any notable activity on the core apps?

 17:31 * mhall119 asks knowing there is

 17:31 <elfy> lol

 17:31 <popey> Ok, so we had UOS between last time we spoke and now

 17:31 <popey> Had a bunch of sessions for core apps

 17:31 <popey> Lots of discussion and planning done for the coming months.

 17:32 <popey> However, there's one overriding issue which I want to braindump at you.

 17:32 <popey> if you don't mind.

 17:32 <elfy> go for it

 17:32 <popey> Contribution is down, and it's quite hard to get more people involved and I have some theories why.

 17:32 <popey> 1) Some aspects (such as writing autopilot tests) are not exciting but incredibly dull, and hard to 'sell'

 17:33 <popey> 2) many people don't have a device.

 17:33 <popey> 1 we can work on, we can make the tests easier to write

 17:33 <popey> we can also find those strange people who like writing them

 17:33 * popey looks at balloons

 17:33 <popey> However, 2 is a bit harder.

 17:33 <cprofitt> yeah, I was a bit disappointed when I found my nexus 7 could not help test

 17:33 <elfy> if they were easy I would

 17:33 <popey> The knock on effect of people not having a device is that they don't feel empowered to help in many ways

 17:33 <popey> and they don't feel like they're scratching an itch

 17:34 <popey> e.g. "Why would I work on the Ubuntu music app on ubuntu phone, when I have an android phone"

 17:34 <popey> In the past, the desktop was 'easier' to get contributions to, because anyone could install it on any system

 17:34 <popey> The fact that we need to port to specific devices actually makes it hard to get devices for people

 17:34 <popey> especially when in some regions (USA) there's limited options (bq and meizu devices don't work well over there on all of their frequencies for example)

 17:35 <popey> Is this making sense?

 17:35 <mhall119> popey: do you forsee that getting easier once we have a usable Unity 8 desktop?

 17:35 <czajkowski> popey: it is

 17:35 <elfy> popey: yep

 17:35 <popey> Ok.

 17:35 <popey> Well, there's a few things that will help.

 17:35 <popey> more devices being available, and having a better end user experience helps

 17:35 <popey> as people will be more inclined to use them as their daily driver

 17:36 <popey> if you use it daily and you notice janky things, you're way more likely to file bugs / patches / translations / documentation

 17:36 <popey> we have seen this on the ubuntu-phone list

 17:36 <popey> there's people writing their own documentation, prototyping apps, translating things etc

 17:36 <popey> all things we used to get lots of contributions for on the desktop

 17:36 <popey> but at a MUCH smaller scale

 17:37 <popey> because few people have the devices. and those that do, don't use it daily, so don't see the issues, or don't feel motivated to fix them

 17:37 <popey> Now, this leads ot a bit of a chicken and egg issue.

 17:37 <popey> I feel like ubuntu phone is where ubuntu desktop was in ~2005

 17:37 <popey> works well for a subset of users, on specific hardware.

 17:38 <popey> Oh, and another thing!

 17:38 <popey> many regular contributors to ubuntu are students - people who traditionally have limited desposable income

 17:38 <popey> so they often (generalising here) make the best of the equipment they have

 17:39 <czajkowski> popey: it's a daft idea but why not organise some some of phone jam - where you or others bring along hand sets and people play with them and use them and file bugs. New users = new bugs and new users = new ideas on the phone

 17:39 <czajkowski> people come and get to meet one another

 17:39 <popey> and are more inclined to fix things because "It's my only PC". whereas everyone (mostly) already has a smartphone - even students with low / no / income

 17:39 <czajkowski> and you get some community interaction

 17:39 <popey> Well.

 17:39 <popey> Good idea to have events.

 17:39 <popey> I will certainly note that.

 17:40 <popey> However, right now, bugs we are not short of :)

 17:40 <mhall119> we have encouraged people to bring their devices to loco team events

 17:40 <mhall119> but that doesn't let others use it as a daily driver

 17:40 <czajkowski> well it's more about interaction and if you provide the devices then people can get involved

 17:40 <czajkowski> popey: perhaps for a student meet up you could give away one to the person who files the most bugs, or writes the best test case

 17:40 <czajkowski> put bounty on it

 17:41 <popey> hmm. incentivising

 17:41 <popey> you know how I feel about that :)

 17:41 <czajkowski> popey: I do :)

 17:41 <czajkowski> popey: next co working day bring devices and let people play and run the tests on them!

 17:41 <popey> like I say, bugs we have. contributions we don't

 17:42 <mhall119> I know in the past we have used the community donations to send devices to core apps developers, but we haven't expanded it to more general phone users/contributors

 17:42 <popey> people often say "it doesn't do X or Y" and I already have the bug on my screen for them

 17:42 <mhall119> even for core apps devs, we were bending the guidelines for them

 17:42 <popey> I would love to have a bunch of devices i could take somewhere and get people to contribute

 17:42 <mhall119> as many were not (yet) Ubuntu Members

 17:43 <popey> Going back to the previous question, I do believe that things will get easier as we have snappy desktop in 15.10

 17:43 <popey> and converged device coming this year

 17:43 <mhall119> right, it won't give a phone use experience, but it will at least make it easier for people to run the apps themselves

 17:43 <popey> both of those should have an impact and we should make certain to capture those poeple who are interested in contributing

 17:43 <mhall119> popey: is there anything we can do to encourage people to use core apps on current desktops?

 17:44 <czajkowski> popey: mhall119 could a loco team apply for funnds via the fund to buy phones for their team to get more involved?

 17:44 <popey> yes and no

 17:44 <czajkowski> Perhaps the perception is you have to be a core dev to get a phone

 17:44 <popey> so to mhall119, yes, i need to delete all the core apps wiki page and replace it with a pretty page on developer.ubuntu.com :)

 17:45 <mhall119> czajkowski: I would think so, yes, but they would need to show that it would be money well spent

 17:45 <popey> i dont want to buy a bunch of phones to sit in a drawer somewhere

 17:45 <mhall119> ^^ that

 17:46 <mhall119> we've loaned devices to loco teams for use in events, but the expectation was that it would come back to Canonical afterwards so it can be loaned to someone else

 17:46 <czajkowski> nods

 17:46 <elfy> popey: got to run here - I'll read up in a bit - thanks :)

 17:46 <mhall119> thanks elfy

 17:46 <czajkowski> I do know some locos are very proactive in QA and might enjoy this

 17:46 <czajkowski> perhaps they don;t know they could avail of the fund

 17:46 <czajkowski> maybe one thing they'd have to do is provide a bi weekly report of their work ?

 17:47 <popey> elfy: thanks

 17:47 <mhall119> czajkowski: yeah, and I think they would need regular in-person meetups in order for more than just one person to take advantage of the device

 17:47 <popey> Again, QA isn't really what we need. We have people testing stuff. It's fixers we need. IMO

 17:48 <mhall119> popey: is it time for another recruitment drive for Core Apps?

 17:48 <popey> yes

 17:48 <popey> so, todo list:-

 17:48 <popey> 1) make a better home page on developer.ubuntu.com

 17:48 <mhall119> ok, the hack days seemed to work reasonably well for that in the past

 17:48 <popey> 2) Better articulate the things we need

 17:48 <popey> 3) recruit

 17:48 <mhall119> popey: ack

 17:48 <popey> hack days were variable

 17:49 <mhall119> popey: what part of that can the CC help with?

 17:49 <popey> I'll make a start on 1 and 2

 17:49 <popey> Don't think anything (yet)

 17:49 <mhall119> popey: has it helped to bring some of those core app devs to sprints?

 17:49 <mhall119> I know it's highly motivating to the ones that go, but what about in recruiting new devs?

 17:49 <popey> yeah, absolutely

 17:50 <popey> not sure I understand the question

 17:50 <popey> inviting community people to sprints is a mixed blessing

 17:50 <popey> "Here, come along with us and hack on ubuntu" vs "Here, spend a week of your vacation working for no pay"

 17:51 <mhall119> is that kind of involvement with Canonical something that helps motivate people to get involved, or does it only motivate people who are already involved?

 17:51 <popey> I think it's motivating and fun for students

 17:51 <popey> less so for people with families / careers

 17:51 <mhall119> ack

 17:51 <popey> ergo we should target students ã‹›

 17:52 <popey> exams are now, summer holidays coming for many

 17:52 <popey> now is the time to strike

 17:52 <mhall119> popey: what about a GSoC project for this?

 17:52 <czajkowski> popey: contact unis that offer mobile dev courses and see if they'd like a semester project

 17:52 <popey> too late for GSOC I think?

 17:53 <mhall119> maybe

 17:53 <mhall119> not sure if Google would approve it anywya

 17:53 <popey> czajkowski: yeah, will add that to my list

 17:54 <mhall119> popey: changing gears a bit, is there anything blocking or disrupting contributions from the people you already have?

 17:54 <popey> Yes. Not having enough other contributors.

 17:54 <mhall119> heh

 17:54 <popey> People to review code for example

 17:54 <czajkowski> popey: I know we can only build for ubuntu devices there are no cross platform options out there yet

 17:54 <popey> I'm not kidding

 17:54 <popey> czajkowski: would be nice if the SDK ran on other platforms, but it doesn't right now

 17:54 <mhall119> popey: do you still have people from Canonical helping with code reviews?

 17:54 <czajkowski> but have peple thought about going to many more mobile conferecens and talking about the Ubuntu phone theer to get developers who work on xamarin ios and android interested

 17:55 <popey> mhall119: I poke people now and then yes

 17:55 <czajkowski> popey: I type slowly :(

 17:55 <popey> czajkowski: we do go to conferences. not many, but targetted, dpm was at one this week doing exactly that :)

 17:55 * czajkowski attends many many mobile events, but no sign of Ubuntu at them

 17:55 <czajkowski> and they're not just for android or iOS

 17:56 <czajkowski> anyways

 17:56 <mhall119> yes, that is something we are trying to do more of within the community team at canonical

 17:56 <mhall119> we've also been developing materials for community contributors to use at such conferences

 17:56 <popey> we have to target events carefully.

 17:56 <popey> we don't have a huge budget for events

 17:56 <popey> and many are just not appropriate

 17:56 <mhall119> yeah, a lot of mobile events seem very businessey

 17:58 <mhall119> having the SDK working on Windows and OSX would certainly help, but I think the technical difficulties on that are too high for it to be realistic right now

 17:58 <popey> yup

 17:58 <popey> its even hard to run it other linux distros

 17:59 <mhall119> I would like to see more of Ubuntu at mobile dev conferences though, perhaps we should go over our material again to make sure it's ready for non-canonicalers to use

 17:59 <mhall119> ok, our hour is just about up, is there anything else you wanted to bring up or ask for assistance with popey ?

 17:59 <popey> I think we'll be in better shape by the end of the year as we'll have more devices in more regions and converged device.

 17:59 <popey> Nope

 18:00 <mhall119> popey: any highlights or praises you want to give?

 18:00 <popey> Not now, I'll save that :)

 18:00 <mhall119> :)

 18:00 <mhall119> czajkowski: cprofitt anything else for popey?

 18:01 <czajkowski> narp all good

 18:01 <cprofitt> no thank you

 18:01 <mhall119> #topic Any other business

 18:01 <popey> thanks for the tips and advice everyone

 18:01 <mhall119> ok, *now* is there anybody here who wants to bring up a topic that wasn't on the agenda?

 18:02 <popey> can I go home now? :)

 18:02 <czajkowski> chooo chooo

 18:02 <mhall119> popey: don't like working from the office?

 18:02 <czajkowski> mhall119: no he prefers co working :D

 18:03 <mhall119> alright, last call for topics

 18:03 <czajkowski> AOB anyone ?

 18:03 <mhall119> czajkowski: well co-working gives him chocolate pains

 18:03 <mhall119> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)