== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting: ubuntu-server-team, 24 Nov at 16:00 &mdash; 16:22 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2015/ubuntu-meeting.2015-11-24-16.00.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Review ACTION points from previous meeting ===
The discussion about "Review ACTION points from previous meeting" started at 16:01.

  * ''LINK:'' https://blueprints.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+spec/servercloud-x-server-core 
  * ''ACTION:'' rbasak to find kickinz1 a merge to do. In progress, suggesting exim4.

=== Xenial Development ===
The discussion about "Xenial Development" started at 16:06.


=== Server & Cloud Bugs (caribou) ===
The discussion about "Server & Cloud Bugs (caribou)" started at 16:10.


=== Weekly Updates & Questions for the QA Team (matsubara) ===
The discussion about "Weekly Updates & Questions for the QA Team (matsubara)" started at 16:11.


=== Weekly Updates & Questions for the Kernel Team (smb, sforshee, arges) ===
The discussion about "Weekly Updates & Questions for the Kernel Team (smb, sforshee, arges)" started at 16:11.


=== Upcoming Call For Papers ===
The discussion about "Upcoming Call For Papers" started at 16:13.

  * ''LINK:'' http://conferences.oreilly.com/oscon/open-source/public/cfp/423 
  * ''LINK:'' http://conferences.oreilly.com/oscon/open-source/public/cfp/423 
  * ''LINK:'' http://na.pycon.org/ 

=== Open Discussion ===
The discussion about "Open Discussion" started at 16:19.


=== Announce next meeting date, time and chair ===
The discussion about "Announce next meeting date, time and chair" started at 16:21.




== Vote results ==




== Action items, by person ==

 * kickinz1
  * rbasak to find kickinz1 a merge to do. In progress, suggesting exim4.



== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * jgrimm (48)
 * kickinz1 (7)
 * caribou (6)
 * matsubara (5)
 * meetingology (4)
 * thedac (1)
 * cpaelzer (1)
 * smb (1)
 * arges (1)



== Full Log ==


 16:00 <jgrimm> #startmeeting ubuntu-server-team

 16:00 <meetingology> Meeting started Tue Nov 24 16:00:39 2015 UTC.  The chair is jgrimm. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:00 <meetingology> 

 16:00 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 16:00 <kickinz1> o/

 16:00 <matsubara> o/

 16:00 <caribou> o/

 16:01 <jgrimm> might be a light turnout today.. a good number of server team are out on vacation

 16:01 <thedac> o/

 16:01 <jgrimm> hi folks!

 16:01 <arges> o/

 16:01 <jgrimm> #topic Review ACTION points from previous meeting

 16:01 <jgrimm> So all 3 of the action items were for rbasak who is on vacation this week

 16:02 <jgrimm> rbasak look at https://code.launchpad.net/~psivaa/ubuntu-test-cases/lvm-grub-preseed-fix/+merge/258620 and https://code.launchpad.net/~om26er/ubuntu-test-cases/fix_minimal_image_size_test/+merge/235298

 16:02 <jgrimm> that one looks done..

 16:02 <matsubara> jgrimm, I believe rbasak replied to the list addressing his action points

 16:02 <jgrimm> matsubara, oh...good to know. i missed that

 16:02 <jgrimm> will go quickly then

 16:03 <jgrimm> rbasak to create blueprint for Xenial feature work

 16:03 <jgrimm> that too is done.

 16:03 <jgrimm> #link https://blueprints.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+spec/servercloud-x-server-core

 16:03 <jgrimm> See that link for various package assignments

 16:04 <matsubara> jgrimm, https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-server/2015-November/007141.html

 16:04 <jgrimm> thanks matsubara!

 16:04 <matsubara> np

 16:05 <jgrimm> moving along, looks like final one still in process, so will continue action for that one

 16:06 <jgrimm> #action rbasak to find kickinz1 a merge to do. In progress, suggesting exim4.

 16:06 * meetingology rbasak to find kickinz1 a merge to do. In progress, suggesting exim4.

 16:06 <jgrimm> on we go..

 16:06 <kickinz1> Ok

 16:06 <jgrimm> #topic Xenial Development

 16:07 <jgrimm> Still in merge/sync mode...

 16:07 <jgrimm> anyone have anything they want to discuss here?

 16:08 <jgrimm> rbasak is still looking for volunteers for some merges.  Documented in blueprint.

 16:08 <kickinz1> working on the docker.io one currently.

 16:08 <jgrimm> kickinz1, always a fun one. eek

 16:10 <jgrimm> #topic Server & Cloud Bugs (caribou)

 16:10 <caribou> jgrimm: I'll have a look at the list to see if I can h elp

 16:10 <jgrimm> thanks caribou!!

 16:10 <jgrimm> Anything on bugs?

 16:10 <caribou> just uploaded makedumpfile/kdump-tools to Debian

 16:10 <caribou> the upcoming version will default to enabled and use of smaller initrd.img

 16:11 <caribou> that's all I have

 16:11 <jgrimm> k. thanks caribou

 16:11 <jgrimm> #topic Weekly Updates & Questions for the QA Team (matsubara)

 16:11 <matsubara> jgrimm, no news for this week.

 16:11 <jgrimm> ok thanks matsubara

 16:11 <jgrimm> #topic Weekly Updates & Questions for the Kernel Team (smb, sforshee, arges)

 16:11 <smb> I cannot think of anything to report. Are there requests or questions?

 16:12 <jgrimm> going once

 16:13 <jgrimm> and gone. thanks smb.

 16:13 <jgrimm> #topic Upcoming Call For Papers

 16:14 <jgrimm> Only thing I saw was OSCON CFP deadline today

 16:14 <jgrimm> http://conferences.oreilly.com/oscon/open-source/public/cfp/423

 16:14 <jgrimm> #link http://conferences.oreilly.com/oscon/open-source/public/cfp/423

 16:15 <jgrimm> Anything else?

 16:15 <kickinz1> pycon?

 16:15 * jgrimm checks quick

 16:16 <kickinz1> Sorry from the canonical-tech, but seems not relevant (namibia)

 16:17 <kickinz1> http://na.pycon.org/

 16:17 <cpaelzer> jgrimm, when are we going to adress systemz conference CFPs ?

 16:18 <jgrimm> cpaelzer, :)

 16:18 <jgrimm> kickinz1, finally found the CFP date

 16:19 <jgrimm> The call for proposals expires on the 15th December 2015.

 16:19 <jgrimm> ok, moving on

 16:19 <jgrimm> #topic Open Discussion

 16:20 <jgrimm> anyone have anything for open discussion time??

 16:21 <jgrimm> ok, time to wrap things up then.   assumed it would be quick one with smoser and rbasak out this week.

 16:21 <jgrimm> #topic Announce next meeting date, time and chair

 16:21 <jgrimm> The next meeting will be Tue Dec 01 16:00 UTC 2015. kickinz1 will chair.

 16:22 <jgrimm> Thanks folks!

 16:22 <kickinz1> Thanks!

 16:22 <caribou> thanks!

 16:22 <jgrimm> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)