== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 01 Oct at 15:01 &mdash; 15:28 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2015/ubuntu-meeting.2015-10-01-15.01.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning round ===
The discussion about "Lightning round" started at 15:01.


=== AOB ===
The discussion about "AOB" started at 15:15.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * slangasek (32)
 * cyphermox (22)
 * sil2100 (22)
 * bdmurray (22)
 * tdaitx (16)
 * ubottu (14)
 * caribou (13)
 * barry (12)
 * pitti (12)
 * meetingology (3)



== Full Log ==


 15:01 <slangasek> #startmeeting

 15:01 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Oct  1 15:01:01 2015 UTC.  The chair is slangasek. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 15:01 <meetingology> 

 15:01 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 15:01 <slangasek> [TOPIC] Lightning round

 15:01 <slangasek> echo $(shuf -e barry doko bdmurray slangasek caribou infinity sil2100 robru cyphermox pitti tdaitx)

 15:01 <slangasek> caribou pitti infinity slangasek sil2100 doko tdaitx robru cyphermox bdmurray barry

 15:01 <caribou> \o/

 15:01 <caribou> Bugfix :

 15:01 <caribou> - Bug #1496317 Wily failed kdump crash

 15:01 <caribou> Waiting for kernel team review

 15:01 <ubottu> bug 1496317 in kexec-tools (Ubuntu) "kexec fails with OOM killer with the current crashkernel=128 value" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1496317

 15:01 <caribou> - sosreport upstream issues

 15:01 <caribou> Start work on adding autopkgtests to sosreport to comply to new SRU rules

 15:01 <caribou> ☑ Done

 15:02 <pitti> - snappy sprint

 15:02 <pitti> - some autopkgtest/britney bug fixing and infra maintenance, and -proposed cleanup

 15:02 <pitti> END

 15:02 <pitti> FTR, can't join mumble today

 15:02 <slangasek> pitti: ack

 15:04 <slangasek> infinity's not on the channel, it seems

 15:04 <slangasek> * short week, on vacation last week; hope you all had a good week!

 15:04 <slangasek> * forward progress on s390 recruiting

 15:04 <slangasek> * discussions around improvements to proposed-migration + ci-train

 15:04 <slangasek> * discussions around scalingstack power/arm bring-up

 15:04 <slangasek> * NEW review for dpdk

 15:04 <slangasek> * FFe discussions

 15:04 <slangasek> * will be looking at getting the first system-image import done of arm64

 15:05 <slangasek> (done)

 15:05 <sil2100> o/

 15:05 <sil2100> - Landing team work, silo coordination, preparing landing e-mails

 15:05 <sil2100> - Help with unblocking the new dual platform-api silo blocked on location-service

 15:05 <sil2100> - Ubuntu-PD:

 15:05 <sil2100> * From last week: preparing the cdimage changes for the ubuntu-pd project

 15:05 <sil2100> * Fixing ubuntu-pd images on system-image, adding the missing touch-hacks

 15:05 <sil2100> * Creating the infrastructure for ubuntu-pd custom tarballs, building first tarballs

 15:05 <sil2100> - RTM Status meetings

 15:05 <sil2100> - Discussion regarding enabling autopkgtests in CI Train builds

 15:05 <sil2100> - Modifying langpack-o-matic scripts to make auto-uploads of overlay translations (thanks pitti!)

 15:05 <sil2100> - Releasing the livecd-rootfs change to remove apt lists completely from touch images

 15:05 <sil2100> - Looking into the squid3 FTBFS and the new libecap3 problems in -proposed

 15:05 <sil2100> * Reviewed proposed patches

 15:05 <sil2100> - Fix livecd-rootfs to properly remove apt lists

 15:05 <sil2100> - Work on the touch/pd seeds (additions and removals)

 15:06 <sil2100> - Looking into switching train to land to wily overlay

 15:06 <sil2100> - Discussions regarding the upstart-watchdog and it leading to bootloops

 15:06 <sil2100> (done)

 15:07 <slangasek> doko:

 15:07 <slangasek> tdaitx:

 15:07 <tdaitx> Short week: Sick Monday�

 15:07 <tdaitx> Current/Past

 15:07 <tdaitx> - US Visa (form filling, booking flight, scheduling biometrics+interview, expense reports, ...)

 15:07 <tdaitx> - libecap2 gcc5 transition

 15:07 <tdaitx> - completed squid 3.3.8 patches (LP: #1496223, LP: #1496924, LP: #1501566)

 15:07 <tdaitx> - helped didrocks on openjdk support for LP: #1441487 (no support for JaxaFX since 2013: JDK-8092837 and JDK-8091321; AWT/Swing will not fix: http://mail.openjdk.java.net/pipermail/swing-dev/2014-March/003307.html; maybe another way to load the lib besides as a java agent?

 15:07 <tdaitx> - accidentally destroyed my TCK host T_T

 15:07 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1496223 in linux (Ubuntu) "squid3 FTBFS due to linux-libc-dev and libc6-dev headers mismatch" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1496223

 15:07 <tdaitx> - reading and writing juju charms

 15:07 <tdaitx> Next steps

 15:07 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1496924 in squid3 (Ubuntu) "squid3 FTBFS due to bad libecap3 dependency and logical-not-parentheses warning" [Undecided,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1496924

 15:07 <tdaitx> - verify OpenJDK 6 TLS patch (LP: #1482924)

 15:08 <tdaitx> - finish the tck charms if possible, otherwise will run everything manually

 15:08 <tdaitx> Waiting/On hold

 15:08 <tdaitx> - waiting OCA to submit webrevs for 7093640 backport (set TLS 1.1 as default for JDK 6 and TLS 1.2 as default for JDK 7); not blocking anything for now, just waiting

 15:08 <tdaitx> Upcoming

 15:08 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1501566 in squid3 (Ubuntu) "squid3 FTBFS due to missing --name arg to pod2man" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1501566

 15:08 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1441487 in jayatana (Ubuntu Vivid) "Running any Java program produces messages in the terminal, while rendering many Java applications broken" [Critical,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1441487

 15:08 <tdaitx> - US Visa interview in S�o Paulo on Monday; will be offline the whole day (flight in, interview, flight out);

 15:08 <tdaitx> (done)

 15:08 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1482924 in openjdk-7 (Ubuntu) "Regressions due to USN-2696-1" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1482924

 15:09 <slangasek> robru:

 15:10 <slangasek> cyphermox:

 15:10 <cyphermox> - fixed NetworkManager

 15:10 <cyphermox> - review/merge Tony's patches/changes for oFono and wifi

 15:10 <cyphermox> - properly unbreak on wily (touch)

 15:10 <cyphermox> + fixes a bunch of small issues found in the process

 15:10 <cyphermox> - fwupdate work

 15:10 <cyphermox> - waiting for sig from Microsoft

 15:10 <cyphermox> - getting fwupd in the archive

 15:10 <cyphermox> - integration in snappy

 15:10 <cyphermox> - discussed usb-creator changes with mdeslaur

 15:10 <cyphermox> - really fixing bcmwl modalias for XPS13.

 15:10 <cyphermox> - sponsored MATE bugfixes

 15:10 <cyphermox> - sponsored ubuntu-release-upgrader/1:15.10.7 for MATE support

 15:10 <cyphermox> - fixed modemmanager upgrade issue

 15:10 <cyphermox> - ipmitool SRU LP: #1486931 (still in queue, arges did some review)

 15:10 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1486931 in ipmitool (Ubuntu Trusty) "[LTCTest][Opal][OP810] ipmitool 1.8.13-1ubuntu0.3 version is still not working for in-band HPM upgrade" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1486931

 15:10 <cyphermox> - ubiquity update for user-setup change

 15:10 <cyphermox> - more ibmpmlinux review and fixage

 15:10 <cyphermox> - debugging ubiquity timezone plugin crash

 15:10 <cyphermox> - debugging multipath-tools crasher in trusty SRU...

 15:10 <cyphermox> - sponsoring network-manager-strongswan bugfix.

 15:10 <cyphermox> (done)

 15:11 <slangasek> bdmurray:

 15:11 <bdmurray> This covers two weeks since I was out last thursday

 15:11 <bdmurray> irc discussion regarding stagingstack version of the error tracker and RT 84780

 15:11 <bdmurray> wrote code to review retracer logs to look for duplicate crash processing

 15:11 <bdmurray> reported update-manager / u-r-u bug 1497024 re upgrades and obsolete releases

 15:11 <ubottu> bug 1497024 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu) "release upgrades should jump over unsupported releases" [High,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1497024

 15:11 <bdmurray> research into the status of the armhf retracing queue (stuck at 12)

 15:11 <bdmurray> reviewed log files for failed queue retracers

 15:11 <bdmurray> resolved a traceback with the retracers and the failed queue

 15:11 <bdmurray> worked with webops on a plan to get new version of daisy running on staging

 15:11 <bdmurray> research into using ALTER TABLE with cassandra tables

 15:11 <bdmurray> uploaded a T, V SRU for update-manager part of LP: #1497024

 15:11 <bdmurray> uploaded T SRU for system-config-kickstater bug LP: #1260107

 15:11 <bdmurray> investigation into apport reporting crashes about foreign packages (recreated)

 15:11 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1260107 in system-config-kickstart (Ubuntu Trusty) "trusty version experiences a runtime error due to hwdata changes" [High,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1260107

 15:11 <bdmurray> discovered and reported u-r-u bug LP: #1498193 (fixed in W, uploaded to V, T)

 15:11 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1498193 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu Vivid) "demoted.cfg is a broken symlink in the upgrader tarball" [High,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1498193

 15:11 <bdmurray> uploaded, verified apport SRU for P for (LP: #1148116)

 15:12 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1148116 in apport (Ubuntu Precise) "not all packages from PPAs have '[origin: ' in Package section" [High,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1148116

 15:12 <bdmurray> uploaded apport SRU for V for (LP: #1336462)

 15:12 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1336462 in apport (Ubuntu Trusty) "Make apport collect some Power information" [Undecided,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1336462

 15:12 <bdmurray> SRU verificaton of V for update-manager part of LP: #1497024

 15:12 <bdmurray> reported ddeb-retriever bug LP: #1500557

 15:12 <bdmurray> investigated, proposed merge for apport to deal with LP: #1500557

 15:12 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1500557 in ddeb-retriever "Packages file(s)? for wily out of date" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1500557

 15:12 <bdmurray> resolved issue with wily not displaying DevelReleaseAnnouncement

 15:12 <bdmurray> worked with thedac regarding mojo spec for the Error Tracker

 15:12 <bdmurray> attended Cassandra Summit 2015

 15:12 <bdmurray> ✔ done

 15:12 <barry> system-image 3.0.2 landed in wily

 15:12 <barry> system-image server: reviewed & merged https://code.launchpad.net/~sil2100/ubuntu-system-image/server-fix-pd-builds/+merge/272445

 15:12 <barry> system-image server: lp:~barry/ubuntu-system-image/test-fixes

 15:12 <barry> dirtbike (a tool to rewheel installed packages in debian)

 15:12 <barry> pypi issues for bzr and launchpadlib

 15:12 <barry> helped robru with some ci train problems

 15:12 <barry> investigating LP: #1500768 (ongoing)

 15:12 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1500768 in python3.4 (Ubuntu) "python3.4.3 SRU break requests" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1500768

 15:12 <barry> PEP 507

 15:12 <barry> some fixes to batch-update-ppa for 3.5 transitional PPA

 15:12 <barry> system administration / hardware issues on the desktop machine

 15:12 <barry> --done--

 15:13 <slangasek> barry: "rewheel" - heh

 15:14 <slangasek> doko, robru, bueller: around?

 15:14 <barry> slangasek: yeah ;)

 15:15 <slangasek> [TOPIC] AOB

 15:15 <slangasek> anything else?

 15:16 <caribou> slangasek: who do I beg to have an install-image respun for Trusty ?

 15:16 <caribou> (Ref: prior discussion from a few weeks back)

 15:17 <slangasek> caribou: you'll have to refresh my memory on the prior discussion - which image do you need respun?

 15:20 <caribou> slangasek: I'll email the details

 15:20 <slangasek> (answer: d-i respin for current kernel in trusty)

 15:20 <slangasek> caribou: thanks

 15:20 <slangasek> anything else?

 15:21 <pitti> does anyone happen to know about extra "block storage" in nova/prodstack?

 15:21 <pitti> i. e. if I want to extend the disk space on an instance without going to a bigger flavor (to avoid wasting CPUs/RAM)

 15:22 <caribou> pitti: you should be able to create a volume & attach it to your instance

 15:22 <pitti> caribou: ah, volume-list/show/create/attach, thanks for the pointer!

 15:23 <pitti> does that have a juju interface, or nova directly?

 15:24 <caribou> pitti: dunno about juju. nova directly works

 15:24 <pitti> cheers

 15:24 <pitti> (or I'll just move to cpu1-ram2-disk50 which sounds fine too)

 15:25 <pitti> anyway, sorry for the abuse of the meeitng for lazynet

 15:25 <slangasek> :)

 15:25 * sil2100 volunteers for the +1 maintenance this month

 15:25 <sil2100> o/

 15:25 <cyphermox> yay

 15:26 <pitti> caribou: ah, FYI (by way of Laney): https://jujucharms.com/docs/1.24/storage

 15:26 <sil2100> cyphermox: you can give me things to work if you want, I want to spend most of my next week helping out but just poke me and I'll try to help ;)

 15:26 <caribou> pitti: thanks!

 15:27 <cyphermox> sil2100: not sure if it's my "month" per se, but I'll be happy to help and sponsor.

 15:27 <slangasek> sil2100: did you get a chance to talk to doko already about current +1 maintenance task lists?

 15:27 <sil2100> slangasek: no, not yet, I spent my patch pilot session looking at the FTBFS page though

 15:28 <slangasek> ok

 15:28 <slangasek> sounds like that's everything, then

 15:28 <slangasek> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)