== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 31 Aug at 16:35 &mdash; 17:05 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2015/ubuntu-meeting.2015-08-31-16.35.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting 
=== Weekly stand-up report ===
The discussion about "Weekly stand-up report" started at 16:36.


=== Highlighted packages ===
The discussion about "Highlighted packages" started at 17:02.

  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/jansson.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/radare2.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/web2ldap.html 

=== Miscellaneous and Questions ===
The discussion about "Miscellaneous and Questions" started at 17:02.

  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/gcc-h8300-hms.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/yap.html 



== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * tyhicks (34)
 * jdstrand (11)
 * mdeslaur (9)
 * sbeattie (9)
 * sarnold (6)
 * jjohansen (6)
 * meetingology (3)
 * ubottu (1)



== Full Log ==


 16:35 <tyhicks> #startmeeting

 16:35 <meetingology> Meeting started Mon Aug 31 16:35:50 2015 UTC.  The chair is tyhicks. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:35 <meetingology> 

 16:35 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 16:35 <tyhicks> The meeting agenda can be found at:

 16:35 <tyhicks> [LINK] https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting

 16:36 <tyhicks> [TOPIC] Weekly stand-up report

 16:36 <tyhicks> jdstrand: you're up

 16:36 <jdstrand> hey

 16:36 <jdstrand> I'll continue working on swift

 16:37 <jdstrand> I have two embargoed issues

 16:37 <jdstrand> I have some net cgroup investigations to do

 16:37 <jdstrand> and back to touch kernel updates processes

 16:37 <jdstrand> that's it from me

 16:38 <jdstrand> mdeslaur: you're up

 16:38 <tyhicks> mdeslaur: your turn

 16:38 <mdeslaur> is it my turn?

 16:38 <mdeslaur> :)

 16:38 <tyhicks> I believe so :)

 16:38 <mdeslaur> I'm going to publish expat updates today

 16:38 <mdeslaur> and I have some openslp-dfsg updates to test

 16:39 <mdeslaur> I'm waiting on a new edk2 package to make it's way to wily so I can upload new virt-manager and libosinfo packages

 16:39 <mdeslaur> and then I'll be picking something up off the list

 16:39 <mdeslaur> I'm on triage this week also, and I'm off on friday

 16:39 <mdeslaur> hrm

 16:39 <mdeslaur> that's it! sbeattie, tag, you're it

 16:39 <sbeattie> I'm in the happy place this week

 16:40 <sbeattie> I'm focusing on the gcc-pie work, I'm working on comparing the latest version of hj lu's patch with the earlier version I had been carrying forward.

 16:41 <sbeattie> I also need to work with jjohansen (probably when he's feeling a bit better) on the rest of the kernel update processes.

 16:41 <sbeattie> I also have some apparmor patches to review

 16:42 <sbeattie> That's probably it for this week, but if I have time, I'll try to pick up an MIR.

 16:42 <sbeattie> tyhicks: poke

 16:42 <tyhicks> sbeattie: is PIE benchmarking included in the gcc-pie work planned for this week?

 16:43 <sbeattie> getting a start on it, yes.

 16:44 <tyhicks> cool

 16:44 <tyhicks> I'm on community duty this week

 16:45 <tyhicks> I'm currently looking into bug #1478087

 16:45 <ubottu> Error: Could not gather data from Launchpad for bug #1478087 (https://launchpad.net/bugs/1478087). The error has been logged

 16:45 <tyhicks> odd

 16:46 <tyhicks> I'll continue looking at touch kernel updates but got blocked on arale so I'll focus on progress around krillin and vegetahd and then will swing back to arale

 16:47 <tyhicks> I need to help define an API around how snappy talks to the store

 16:47 <tyhicks> and I have an embargoed issue

 16:48 <tyhicks> that's it for me

 16:48 <tyhicks> jjohansen: you're up

 16:48 <tyhicks> ah, I'm also off on Friday

 16:49 <jjohansen> I have a little bit more on my dconf review to finish up, Ill work some with sbeattie on the kernel update process, and I need to look at and respond to some stuff around unprivileged mounts and apparmor

 16:49 <jjohansen> then I will focus on fixing some apparmor kernel bugs, and finishing up the stacking work

 16:51 <jjohansen> I think that is it from me sarnold you are up

 16:54 <jdstrand> jjohansen: I like the sound of "and finishing up the stacking work"

 16:54 <jdstrand> sounds like it'll be done by friday, hehe

 16:54 <tyhicks> :)

 16:55 <jjohansen> hehe, s/and finishing up/and start back on the/

 16:55 <jjohansen> :)

 16:55 <jjohansen> I'd love for the stacking work to be done by friday though

 16:55 <jdstrand> indeed :)

 16:56 <tyhicks> that settles it... everything should be done by friday

 16:56 <jdstrand> \o/

 16:56 <tyhicks> sarnold: ping :)

 16:59 <sarnold> okay, i'm back...

 16:59 <sarnold> I'm on bug triage this week

 16:59 <sarnold> I'm going to get the oval software deployed on lillypilly this week

 17:00 <sarnold> and work on the juju MIR; if there are simple apparmor patches I'll probably review some of those for a chnage of scenery

 17:00 <sarnold> that's me, chrisccoulson?

 17:01 <tyhicks> I think there's a UK holiday today

 17:01 <sbeattie> sarnold: there are a few unreviewed patches in the memory leak thread, if you're so inclined.

 17:02 <sarnold> sbeattie: oh! right, the %destructor one... that's goiong to require some research :)

 17:02 <tyhicks> [TOPIC] Highlighted packages

 17:02 <sbeattie> sarnold: there's a few others in there, too

 17:02 <tyhicks> The Ubuntu Security team will highlight some community-supported packages that might be good candidates for updating and or triaging. If you would like to help Ubuntu and not sure where to start, this is a great way to do so.

 17:02 <tyhicks> See https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/UpdateProcedures for details and if you have any questions, feel free to ask in #ubuntu-security. To find out other ways of helping out, please see https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/GettingInvolved.

 17:02 <tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/jansson.html

 17:02 <tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/radare2.html

 17:02 <tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/web2ldap.html

 17:02 <tyhicks> [TOPIC] Miscellaneous and Questions

 17:03 <tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/gcc-h8300-hms.html

 17:03 <tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/yap.html

 17:03 <tyhicks> Does anyone have any other questions or items to discuss?

 17:05 <tyhicks> jdstrand, mdeslaur, sbeattie, jjohansen, sarnold: Thanks!

 17:05 <tyhicks> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)