== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 02 Apr at 17:31 &mdash; 18:05 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2015/ubuntu-meeting.2015-04-02-17.31.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== lubuntu catch up ===
The discussion about "lubuntu catch up" started at 17:32.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * wxl (62)
 * elfy (25)
 * ianorlin (12)
 * mhall119 (9)
 * czajkowski (5)
 * meetingology (4)
 * gsilva (2)
 * cyphermox (2)



== Full Log ==


 17:31 <czajkowski> #startmeeting

 17:31 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Apr  2 17:31:57 2015 UTC.  The chair is czajkowski. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 17:31 <meetingology> 

 17:31 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 17:32 <mhall119> o/

 17:32 <wxl> hey hey

 17:32 <czajkowski> Aloha and thank you taking the time to join this meeting

 17:32 <ianorlin> o/

 17:32 <czajkowski> #chair mhall119 elfy

 17:32 <meetingology> Current chairs: czajkowski elfy mhall119

 17:32 <czajkowski> #topic lubuntu catch up

 17:32 <czajkowski> so who is here from the Lubuntu team ?

 17:33 <wxl> o/

 17:33 <ianorlin> o/

 17:33 <mhall119> so how is Lubunu 15.04 coming along?

 17:33 <elfy> hi people

 17:33 <gsilva> Hello everyone o/

 17:34 <wxl> it is coming along

 17:34 <wxl> current development is focused on moving to qt

 17:34 <wxl> and that's slated for 15.10, maybe 16.04

 17:34 <wxl> so 15.04 isn't going to have any super cutting edge features

 17:34 <mhall119> that's right, LXDE is moving to qt, is it Qt4 or Qt5?

 17:35 <ianorlin> Qt5

 17:35 <ianorlin> Qt4 isn't suppored in the qt version

 17:35 <wxl> yeah upstream, lxde is pretty much dead in the water

 17:35 <mhall119> so we are already coordinating Qt released into the archives between the Unity8/SDK developers and the Kubuntu developers, it would probably be good for you guys to be in that loop too as new releases are going to start affecting you too

 17:36 <wxl> is there some particular forum/list we should be on for that particular purpose?

 17:36 <mhall119> wxl: I don't personally know, you might email ubuntu-devel and ask

 17:37 <ianorlin> that does make sense

 17:37 <wxl> ok i'll look into that

 17:38 <wxl> btw i'm just following your lead here, guys. if you want me to ramble about everything in the lubuntu world, i can. XD

 17:38 <mhall119> wxl: anything that you think the CC should know, or questions you have for us, or assistance you need from us

 17:38 <elfy> PPC - how's that likely to carry on into the foreseeable future - I know it causes you pain come milestones ...

 17:39 <mhall119> wxl: but you don't have to give us a progress report or anything like that :)

 17:39 <wxl> mhall119: i'll get to generalities after we've exhausted other questions

 17:39 <wxl> elfy: well, we're lts only on ppc, so it's been mostly ok

 17:39 <wxl> elfy: plus i think we've got a more dedicated team of ppc folks, so that helps too

 17:39 <elfy> wxl: so the current vivid image trackers not a worry then

 17:40 <wxl> elfy: totally

 17:40 <wxl> elfy: in fact, it's great that the testers we have are checking a release that they know won't be released for them :)

 17:40 <elfy> so not a worry till 2016 :)

 17:40 <wxl> yeppers

 17:40 <wxl> any other specifics?

 17:40 <elfy> not from me

 17:41 <wxl> ok so then a wee update

 17:41 <elfy> I kind of know where you are vivid wise :)

 17:41 <wxl> 1s phone just rang :/

 17:42 <elfy> :)

 17:45 <wxl> ok

 17:45 <wxl> back

 17:45 <wxl> so

 17:45 <wxl> here's the big update

 17:45 <mhall119> wxl: how is the Lubuntu developer community, is it growing, shrinking, or holding steady?

 17:45 <wxl> gsilva recently became our new head of wiki/docs and he's got a real mind to make some major improvements. super excited about that.

 17:46 <ianorlin> I have seen more people upstream growing in lxqt like every few weeks a new person joins upstream

 17:46 <elfy> that's good

 17:46 <elfy> wxl: ^^

 17:47 <wxl> mhall119: i would say growing. i've even been trying to dip my toes in the water personally, but with all the different repos/bug trackers upstream it's kind of unclear what the process is like. i hope to get some clarity on that soon and make some documentation for people coming from ubuntu.

 17:47 <gsilva> I have some ideas but I don't have enough time nor people enough to deliver them

 17:47 <mhall119> how is the relationship between Lubuntu and upstream lxqt? Is there regular communication and cooperation?

 17:47 <wxl> mhall119: absolutely. our main developer, gilir, is the real bridge there.

 17:47 <ianorlin> I also have reported a few bugs in upstream and got them fixed for lxqt

 17:47 <wxl> ditto

 17:48 <wxl> ianorlin's been a huge help as of late, helping with triage, development, testing (as always), and even covering for me as release manager for the last beta when i was on vacation

 17:48 <wxl> supposedly he's going to get his ubuntu membership sometime soon *AHEM* ;)

 17:48 <elfy> yep I noticed that :)

 17:49 <elfy> oh - and I noticed the membership wiki update with that on too - good luck :)

 17:49 <wxl> silverlion, our comms guy, had to step away from his responsibilities, and we have a new guy (who used to be team leader)

 17:50 <elfy> all change then ;)

 17:50 <wxl> yeah a lot of change

 17:50 <wxl> the good news is that now that silverlion isn't committed to doing press releases and stuff, he's getting things set up to do more screencasts

 17:51 <wxl> so it won't be something that we expect on some sort of scheduled basis, but it will be icing on the cake

 17:51 <wxl> as for my realm (qa/bugs), i'm still working on finally getting a little contest set up to encourage more contribution

 17:51 <wxl> i have the rewards, but need to make the write up

 17:52 <elfy> wxl: good luck with that :)

 17:52 <wxl> yeah, i've been pondering how to fairly gamify it

 17:52 <wxl> â€¦in such a way that encourages new participation

 17:52 <wxl> i'm thinking about giving more weight to new or less frequent contributors

 17:52 <elfy> something I ponder too

 17:52 <wxl> unfortunately the more i think about it, the more complex it gets :)

 17:53 <elfy> yep

 17:53 <wxl> and then i start thinking about how much time i need to spend collecting and analyzing all the data, but oh well

 17:53 <wxl> maybe if i come up with something really good and spend the time making software to support it, then it's something that the rest of the community can use

 17:54 <wxl> ianorlin: since i was on vacation and still haven't totally caught up, can you give us some sense of what the next milestone will look like? do we have some annoying bugs to squash still?

 17:55 <wxl> while he ponders that, i have one more issue, i guess

 17:55 <ianorlin> yeah the lubuntu-software center not installing package out of the box unless you add the gnome-polickykit agent to startup and groups as gui stuff that needs superuser is proabably most important lxde fix

 17:55 <ianorlin> and the one of the volume control settings not opening a mixer is pretty annoying as well

 17:56 <elfy> so - is there anything that the CC can help with?

 17:56 <ianorlin> and there might be one xorg problem effecting i686 that is important as well and the eject media and restart needs fixing for some other flavors as well as us

 17:56 <wxl> i'm not sure the cc can do much about this

 17:56 <wxl> hold on a second and i'll dig up the archives of the discussion

 17:57 <wxl> but tl;dr i'm trying to figure out what to do about our alternate installer

 17:57 <elfy> ianorlin: pretty sure that eject issue is global, I spoke to cyphermox earlier about that

 17:58 <wxl> i guess the lsc issue is the biggest

 17:58 <wxl> will have to investigate that more

 17:58 <wxl> here's the blueprint about how to compress our releases https://blueprints.launchpad.net/lubuntu-brainstorming/+spec/one-iso-to-rule-them-all

 17:58 <wxl> i'd like to get rid of alternate, but a lightweight installer is sort of a necessary thing for a lightweight distribution

 17:59 <wxl> the problem is we sometimes run into these d-i bugs that no one else has

 17:59 <wxl> so it's hard to get adequate support from them

 17:59 <wxl> i'd like to have some more standardization

 17:59 <ianorlin> even reporting them can be a challenge

 17:59 <wxl> i emailed the server team about potentially making a text-only front end to ubiquity but heard nothing

 17:59 <wxl> indeed

 18:00 <wxl> so this does not require discussion now, but i just want to bring this up if the cc can think of any possible solutions or coordinate with other members of the community to come up with good solutions

 18:00 <wxl> and that's all igot

 18:00 * ianorlin doesn't have anything anymore either

 18:00 <cyphermox> ianorlin: elfy: yes, the eject issue (plymouth not getting input) is global, it affects all flavors.

 18:01 <wxl> cyphermox: ianorlin: elfy: those are the kind of bugs we like XD

 18:01 <elfy> :)

 18:01 <elfy> mhall119: so perhaps we could help get them in touch with the right people at least?

 18:01 <wxl> that being said, czajkowski elfy mhall119, if you don't need anything else, i've got a busy day ahead of me

 18:01 <cyphermox> it looks to me like it's due to the display-manager not stopping early enough before plymouth starts, so plymouth gets confused

 18:02 <elfy> wxl: you go ahead if you need to, I know where to find you :)

 18:02 <wxl> indeed i am around :)

 18:03 <wxl> ok since i'm not hearing anything else, i'm going to disappear for a bit then :)

 18:03 <elfy> okey doke

 18:03 <wxl> thank you all for all you do!

 18:03 <elfy> ianorlin: anything else from you?

 18:04 <elfy> cyphermox: ty for that by the way :)

 18:05 <elfy> ok - I'll call that cooked then - thanks all :)

 18:05 <elfy> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)