== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 24 Aug at 16:34 &mdash; 16:53 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2015/ubuntu-meeting.2015-08-24-16.34.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting 
=== Weekly stand-up report ===
The discussion about "Weekly stand-up report" started at 16:35.


=== Highlighted packages ===
The discussion about "Highlighted packages" started at 16:47.

  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/cxxtools.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/teeworlds.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/cakephp.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/gromacs.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/libmodplug.html 

=== Miscellaneous and Questions ===
The discussion about "Miscellaneous and Questions" started at 16:48.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * jdstrand (27)
 * jjohansen (8)
 * sarnold (5)
 * mdeslaur (5)
 * chrisccoulson (3)
 * meetingology (3)



== Full Log ==


 16:34 <jdstrand> #startmeeting

 16:34 <meetingology> Meeting started Mon Aug 24 16:34:20 2015 UTC.  The chair is jdstrand. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:34 <meetingology> 

 16:34 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 16:34 <mdeslaur> \o

 16:35 <jdstrand> [LINK] https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting

 16:35 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Weekly stand-up report

 16:35 <jdstrand> I'll go first

 16:35 <jdstrand> I've got work planning to do, various design/document reviews and an embargoed issue

 16:37 <jdstrand> I have a couple a snappy/apparmor things I should get to. if I have time I may pick on of those up (regenerating seccomp profiles) unless I'm needed to help with a reactive update

 16:37 <jdstrand> mdeslaur: you're up (fyi, sb eattie is off tooday)

 16:37 <mdeslaur> I'm in the happy place

 16:38 <mdeslaur> I'll be going down the CVE list, and doing updates this week

 16:38 <mdeslaur> hrm, that's about it

 16:38 <mdeslaur> who's next? tyhicks?

 16:39 <sarnold> he's in another meeting atm, maybe jjohansen or I?

 16:39 <jdstrand> jjohansen:

 16:40 <jdstrand> jjohansen then sarnold

 16:40 <jjohansen> right so

 16:40 <jjohansen> I am recovering from LSS this week

 16:40 <jjohansen> I guess that means writing a trip report :P

 16:41 <jdstrand> yes! I'm curious how it went :)

 16:41 <jjohansen> I will be working on apparmor, I have a couple crasher bugs to hopefully finish with, finish up my dconf apparmor review, and then get back to work on stacking apparmor

 16:42 <jjohansen> it went well enough

 16:42 <jdstrand> nice

 16:42 <jjohansen> some stuff was even interesting

 16:42 <jjohansen> :)

 16:42 <jdstrand> hehe

 16:43 <jjohansen> I think that is it for me sarnold you're up

 16:43 <sarnold> I'm on cve triage this week; I've got most of a week's ignored emails to plow through, the lihux plumbers trip report to write, and juju MIR to work on

 16:44 <sarnold> I'd also like to get the oval publishing running for the nice folks who contributed it to us

 16:44 <jdstrand> yes

 16:44 <jdstrand> that was nice

 16:45 <sarnold> probably one of our existing machines / services will be a good place to locate it; it shouldn't take too much

 16:45 <sarnold> that's it for me, is chrisccoulson around? or is it back to jdstrand?

 16:45 <chrisccoulson> I'm here

 16:45 <jdstrand> he is

 16:46 <chrisccoulson> I plan to get thunderbird out this week (hopefully today or tomorrow). I'll also be catching up on oxide reviews and trying to get that back on track

 16:46 <chrisccoulson> other than that, I don't think I have anything else planned

 16:47 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Highlighted packages

 16:47 <jdstrand> The Ubuntu Security team will highlight some community-supported packages that might be good candidates for updating and or triaging. If you would like to help Ubuntu and not sure where to start, this is a great way to do so.

 16:47 <jdstrand> See https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/UpdateProcedures for details and if you have any questions, feel free to ask in #ubuntu-security. To find out other ways of helping out, please see https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/GettingInvolved.

 16:48 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/cxxtools.html

 16:48 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/teeworlds.html

 16:48 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/cakephp.html

 16:48 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/gromacs.html

 16:48 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/libmodplug.html

 16:48 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Miscellaneous and Questions

 16:48 <jdstrand> Does anyone have any other questions or items to discuss?

 16:53 <jdstrand> mdeslaur, jjohansen, sarnold, chrisccoulson: thanks!

 16:53 <jdstrand> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)