== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 26 Nov at 16:05 &mdash; 16:19 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2015/ubuntu-meeting.2015-11-26-16.05.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== veeeeery small lightning round ===
The discussion about "veeeeery small lightning round" started at 16:05.


=== AOB ===
The discussion about "AOB" started at 16:14.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * pitti (41)
 * sil2100 (21)
 * cyphermox (17)
 * xnox (14)
 * caribou (11)
 * infinity (8)
 * doko (5)
 * ubottu (3)
 * meetingology (3)



== Full Log ==


 16:05 <pitti> #startmeeting

 16:05 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Nov 26 16:05:37 2015 UTC.  The chair is pitti. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:05 <meetingology> 

 16:05 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 16:05 <pitti> #topic veeeeery small lightning round

 16:05 * pitti throws slangasek's magic dice

 16:06 * sil2100 starts wondering how keys on pitti's keyboard look like

 16:06 <pitti> $ echo $(shuf -e barry doko bdmurray slangasek caribou infinity sil2100 robru cyphermox pitti tdaitx xnox)

 16:06 <pitti> tdaitx sil2100 robru xnox infinity barry caribou cyphermox bdmurray doko pitti slangasek

 16:06 <infinity> tdaitx isn't here either.

 16:06 <pitti> sil2100: must have hit the compose key or something :)

 16:06 <sil2100> hmm, no Tiago today too?

 16:06 <xnox> he is american too, i presume, no?

 16:06 <xnox> thanksgiving and all that

 16:06 <pitti> Brazil

 16:06 <infinity> Brasilian.

 16:06 <xnox> oh

 16:06 <infinity> But he's taking a long weekend.

 16:06 <xnox> i had no idea =) that time zone then =)

 16:06 <sil2100> Anyway, yeah, I'll go first then

 16:07 <pitti> sil2100: so go ahead

 16:07 <sil2100> - Landing team work, silo coordination, preparing landing e-mails

 16:07 <sil2100> - RTM Status meetings

 16:07 <sil2100> - Review and help in resolving the platform-api, dbus-cpp and mediascanner2 situation

 16:07 <sil2100> - Add new frameworks, remove invalid ones

 16:07 <sil2100> - +1-maintenance:

 16:07 <sil2100> * Preparing a network-manager-pptp sync

 16:07 <sil2100> * Working on the network-manager-applet merge

 16:07 <sil2100> * Looking into NBS of camlp4-extra - request removal

 16:07 <sil2100> - Clean-up and release of old livecd-rootfs changes

 16:07 <sil2100> - system-image:

 16:07 <sil2100> * Planning changes of introducing a configurable phased percentage value per-channel

 16:07 <sil2100> - Succeeded on becoming a core-dev \o/

 16:07 <sil2100> (done)

 16:07 <cyphermox> ^ sil2100: nm-applet merge, you didn't know what you were getting into ;)

 16:07 * pitti gives sil2100 a cookie for doing +1 work

 16:07 <pitti> sil2100: congrats to the new badge!

 16:08 * cyphermox congratulates sil2100 again for core-dev

 16:08 <pitti> I suppose robru isn't here -- xnox?

 16:08 <xnox> old merges: merged LSB

 16:08 <xnox> resolving uninstalble, and non-migrating packages (liblas, qpdf)

 16:08 <xnox> bootstrap is coming along nicely over 12 hundred builds are complete based on mixed wily & xenial, multiple bug fixes for that. Will need migration to xenial proper soon.

 16:08 <xnox> working on d-i: requested sync for missing packages, and worked with apw on a non-ftbfs kernel, with the right module / udebs split (complete, and will be part of next kernel upload)

 16:08 <xnox> next week will work with Odd_Bloke on live-build, ubuntu-cdimage, et.al. to see what changes will be needed to support new images

 16:08 <xnox> ..

 16:08 <infinity> - s390x, s390x, s390x

 16:08 <infinity> - Some SRU and kernel things

 16:08 <infinity> - Some AA things

 16:08 <infinity> (done)

 16:09 <pitti> xnox: you mean already buliding s390 images?

 16:09 <sil2100> Thanks :)

 16:09 <cyphermox> - patch pilot work

 16:09 <cyphermox> - uploaded software-properties, grub2-signed

 16:09 <cyphermox> - debugged new debconf questions to ask in kdump-tools with caribou.

 16:09 <infinity> pitti: Yeah, or prep for that at least.

 16:09 <cyphermox> - network-manager fix for bug LP: #1499827

 16:09 <cyphermox> - more netcfg:

 16:09 <cyphermox> - merge with 1.135

 16:09 <cyphermox> - keep testing/fixing up bug LP: #1452202

 16:09 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1499827 in network-manager (Ubuntu) "[ipv6] Network manager incorrectly lowers MTU when IPv6 is enabled" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1499827

 16:09 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1452202 in netcfg (Ubuntu) "ubuntu preseed install fails to set a hostname" [Medium,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1452202

 16:09 <cyphermox> - coached dannf with git-dpm for grub2 patches to land in Debian and Ubuntu

 16:09 <cyphermox> - feedback meeting with design on ubiquity work

 16:09 <cyphermox> - implemented reworked ubi-prepare plugin for Secure Boot

 16:09 <xnox> pitti, only prep at the moment. launchpad is not lit up yet.

 16:09 <cyphermox> - it needs review: https://code.launchpad.net/~mathieu-tl/ubiquity/disable-verification/+merge/278668

 16:09 <cyphermox> - started tasksel merge.

 16:10 <sil2100> cyphermox: yeah, the merge was supposed to be a 'quick thing' to enable -pptp syncing ;) I didn't know what I was picking up... ;p

 16:10 <pitti> I was talking to caribou 10 mins ago, pinged him

 16:10 <sil2100> cyphermox: but as said, it's almost good now

 16:10 <caribou> o/

 16:10 <pitti> caribou: want to go now, or last (for prep)?

 16:10 <caribou> last pls

 16:11 <pitti> doko: ?

 16:11 <pitti> autopkgtest:

 16:12 <pitti> - Integrate http://autopkgtest.ubuntu.com/running.html prototype into debci, expose autopkgtest AMQP queue lengths and contents

 16:12 <pitti> - Add support for multiple PPAs in a test; required for silo testing against overlay PPA

 16:12 <pitti> - Automate cleanup of abandonded and broken cloud instances

 16:12 <pitti> - Fix broken nova instance names with tests that do reverts

 16:12 <pitti> - Fix container build commands to include libpam-systemd, as some tests need $XDG_RUNTIME_DIR

 16:12 <pitti> - Fix uninstallability failures with dist-upgrading testbed and then apt-pinning

 16:12 <pitti> - Rework charm configs and multiple cloud config handling for fully automatic deployment and keeping all configs in git

 16:12 <pitti> - Discuss autopkgtests in lxd with stgraber, file #1519677 for notes

 16:12 <pitti> systemd:

 16:12 <pitti> - Add networkd router and device setup functionality tests

 16:12 <pitti> - Fix race conditions in boot-and-services and resolvconf integration tests

 16:12 <pitti> misc:

 16:12 <pitti> - merges: avahi, debhelper, nis, puppet, resolvconf, ruby-defaults

 16:12 <pitti> - grep archive for deprecated dh_installinit --upstart-only option, and clean those up (#1519228)

 16:12 <pitti> - set up xenial langpack building, build first ones

 16:12 <pitti> DONE

 16:12 <pitti> slangasek is out too

 16:13 <pitti> caribou: we are done otherwise, so just post when you're ready

 16:13 <caribou> ok, I'm ready

 16:13 <caribou> Bugfix:

 16:13 <caribou> - Old Maas 1.5 debugging

 16:13 <caribou> - packaged & uploaded new sosreport to fix debian FTBS

 16:13 <caribou> - packaged & uploaded makedumpfile 1.5.9 with:

 16:13 <caribou> New logic for smaller initrd.img

 16:13 <caribou> Enabled by default

 16:13 <caribou> Fixes LP: #1496317

 16:13 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1496317 in kexec-tools (Ubuntu) "kexec fails with OOM killer with the current crashkernel=128 value" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1496317

 16:13 <caribou> (done)

 16:14 <doko> ouch

 16:14 <doko> - still fixing ISL fall-out, ongoing GCC builds

 16:14 <doko> - look at Linaro GCC build failures

 16:14 <doko> (done)

 16:14 <pitti> that's everyone, thanks

 16:14 <pitti> #topic AOB

 16:14 <pitti> questions about status, etc?

 16:14 <doko> ahh, and still having python2.7 test suite issues

 16:15 * cyphermox is cooking stuff right now in preparation for tonight making spring rolls

 16:15 <pitti> doko: seems all green in xenial?

 16:15 <cyphermox> "right now" because I can just put stuff in boiling water and forget.

 16:15 <xnox> doko, hm... will i need to do isl transition in bootstrap archive then?!

 16:15 <xnox> cyphermox, lovely

 16:15 <pitti> and always fail on armhf/ppc in wily

 16:16 <cyphermox> sil2100: do you wanna take the n-m merge next ? ;)

 16:18 <sil2100> cyphermox: hmmmm, not sure if I should answer that!

 16:18 <xnox> caribou, https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-announce/2015-April/000196.html

 16:18 <sil2100> Well, if this merge goes ok and doesn't break the world, I *might* consider that

 16:19 <pitti> ok, seems we are done with the official meeting part, thanks everyone

 16:19 <pitti> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)