== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 15 Jan at 16:04 &mdash; 16:21 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2015/ubuntu-meeting.2015-01-15-16.04.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning round ===
The discussion about "Lightning round" started at 16:04.


=== AOB ===
The discussion about "AOB" started at 16:18.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * slangasek (27)
 * sil2100 (21)
 * stgraber (18)
 * bdmurray (13)
 * robru (11)
 * infinity (10)
 * barry (7)
 * cyphermox (7)
 * ubottu (6)
 * jodh (3)
 * doko (3)
 * meetingology (3)



== Full Log ==


 16:04 <slangasek> #startmeeting

 16:04 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Jan 15 16:04:33 2015 UTC.  The chair is slangasek. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:04 <meetingology> 

 16:04 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 16:04 <slangasek> [TOPIC] Lightning round

 16:04 <sil2100> Please be warned, my internet connectivity comes in waves

 16:04 <sil2100> So I apologize if I take long to asnswer

 16:04 <slangasek> :)

 16:04 <slangasek> $ echo $(shuf -e barry doko stgraber jodh bdmurray slangasek caribou infinity mvo sil2100 robru)

 16:05 <sil2100> *answer damn it

 16:05 <slangasek> mvo jodh infinity doko bdmurray robru sil2100 stgraber barry caribou slangasek

 16:05 <slangasek> mvo is off this afternoon

 16:05 <slangasek> jodh:

 16:05 <doko> mehh, cjwatson escaped ...

 16:06 <jodh> * snappy:

 16:06 <jodh> - Yet more boot polish :)

 16:07 <jodh> ▣

 16:08 <slangasek> infinity:

 16:08 <infinity> * I've been sick, so don't recall everything I did or didn't do

 16:08 <infinity> * Played with the usual kernel SRU stuff

 16:08 <infinity> * Worked more on IBM PPC packages

 16:08 <infinity> * Babysat a PPC and ARM server move in 1SS and restored all our infra

 16:08 <infinity> * Stuff and things

 16:08 <infinity> [...]

 16:09 <slangasek> doko:

 16:09 <doko> back from vacation, catching up on email, currently updating openjdk

 16:09 <doko> (done)

 16:10 <bdmurray> tested of ReleaseFirstSeen and ReleaseLastSeen in canonistack

 16:10 <bdmurray> submitted RT #77829 regarding updating oops-repository in staging

 16:10 <bdmurray> modified errors front end to display Release name instead of package version for first and last seen

 16:10 <bdmurray> worked on javascript changes in errors to display the package pocket

 16:10 <bdmurray> submitted RT #77923 regarding updating errors / daisy in staging for (15.04 (U)) display of stuff

 16:10 <bdmurray> created armhf crashes received graph in graphite

 16:10 <bdmurray> updating the error tracker to work with python-django 1.6 (LP: #1291604)

 16:10 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1291604 in Errors "error tracker does not work with django 1.5" [High,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1291604

 16:10 <bdmurray> uploaded updated T and U fixes for rsyslog bug LP: #1366829

 16:10 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1366829 in rsyslog (Ubuntu Utopic) "7.4.4-1ubuntu2.1 makes rsyslogd to take all the CPU in OpenVZ" [High,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1366829

 16:10 <bdmurray> irc discussion with pmcgowan regarding the error tracker and how to use it

 16:10 <bdmurray> helped somebody write an apport package hook

 16:10 <bdmurray> ✔ done

 16:10 <bdmurray> uploaded packages to vivid to get debug symbols for all architectures

 16:11 <robru> * started working on irc bot support for CI Engine Ticket System

 16:11 <robru> - have a fix for queuebot spamming the channel every time it starts, just need to deploy that...

 16:11 <robru> * Hotfix for unhandled exception in CI Train failing to identify supported arches for source packages that don't exist at the destination archive

 16:11 <robru> * Completed staging deployment of CI Train

 16:11 <robru> * Wrote wiki page with staging deployment instructions https://wiki.canonical.com/UbuntuEngineering/CI/Playbook/StagingTrain

 16:11 <robru> * Added initial details to mojo spec to support production deployment of CI Train (RT 77970)

 16:11 <robru> - one branch defining SSL configuration.

 16:11 <robru> - second branch defining SSO configuration.

 16:11 <robru> * Published a bunch of silos as always.

 16:11 <robru> (done)

 16:11 <sil2100> - Landing team work, silos coordination, preparing landing e-mails

 16:11 <sil2100> - Fixing broken commitlog generation infrastructure

 16:11 <sil2100> - Backlogging on e-mails

 16:11 <sil2100> - Attending discussions related to future post-RTM branching plans

 16:11 <sil2100> - RTM status meetings

 16:11 <sil2100> - Coordinating landings and releases for this weeks milestone

 16:11 <sil2100> - Setting up VPN access

 16:11 <sil2100> - Reviewing and testing big feature addition to appmenu-qt5

 16:11 <sil2100> - Reading up about systemd!

 16:12 <sil2100> - Preparing new formal rules for trainguard duty * Making sure there's always a trainguard per timezone * Finding resources for constant maintenance * Preparing trainging of new trainguards

 16:12 <sil2100> - Writing up milestone reports: for the current and previous ones

 16:12 <sil2100> - Slowed down by a cold

 16:12 <sil2100> Next week:

 16:12 <sil2100> - Finalizing the new trainguard process with Alexander

 16:12 <sil2100> - Finishing automation of landing e-mails

 16:12 <sil2100> - Preparing for the big milestone at the end of the month

 16:12 <sil2100> (done)

 16:13 <stgraber> container stuff:

 16:13 <stgraber> - Released LXCFS 0.1, updated our website for it and uploaded to the archive

 16:13 <stgraber> - LXC and LXD code reviews

 16:13 <stgraber> - Debugged and submitted a bunch of systemd fixes for unprivileged containers

 16:13 <stgraber> - Setup a new arm64 buildd (the previous one was unexpectedly decommissioned)

 16:13 <stgraber> - Various meetings about LXD

 16:13 <stgraber> - Discussions with the Linux Foundation about ContainerCon 2015

 16:13 <stgraber> - Figured the last details about Linux Collaboration Summit 2015

 16:13 <stgraber> 

 16:13 <stgraber> system-image stuff:

 16:13 <stgraber> - Talks about system-image mirrors

 16:13 <stgraber> - Tweaked the configuration for snappy armhf

 16:13 <stgraber> - Introduced version_detail for all images

 16:13 <stgraber> 

 16:13 <stgraber> qatracker:

 16:14 <stgraber> - Fixed a couple of small bugs in the LP sync script

 16:14 <stgraber> - Re-cronned all of our scripts (crontab got emptied somehow)

 16:14 <stgraber> (DONE)

 16:14 <barry> si: repairing trunk test suite.  nearly finished with LP: #1373467 branch (config.d directory) - one test suite issue left, then will land in trunk.

 16:14 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1373467 in Ubuntu system image "Support config.d directory" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1373467

 16:14 <barry> snappy: debugged max recursion issue.  reviewed mvo's patch in upstream python (issue 23228).  other stuff.

 16:14 <barry> debuntu: LP: #1398059.  more git-dpm testing for debian-python.  review python-lockfile 1:0.10.2-1.  debian bug #774213

 16:14 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1398059 in python-virtualenv (Ubuntu) "virtualenv -p python2.6 fails with ValueError: zero length field name in format" [Low,Opinion] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1398059

 16:14 <ubottu> Debian bug 774213 in zope2.13 "zope2.13: import zope.security._proxy -> SystemError: dynamic module not initialized properly" [Grave,Open] http://bugs.debian.org/774213

 16:14 <barry> other: python-graphite issue 1081 debugging (python setuptools). finally updated some shared administrivia files from ubuntu one to spideroak.  python-world 3.1.

 16:14 <barry> done

 16:16 <slangasek> and no caribou today, ok

 16:16 <slangasek> * snappy development work ongoing

 16:16 <slangasek> * fixed an issue with boot delays under systemd if no DHCP server was present

 16:16 <slangasek> * discussed libnss-extrausers and the open questions of adduser

 16:16 <slangasek> * open job req for Foundations tech lead.  Know anyone interested?

 16:16 <slangasek> * upstart-systemd porting sprint, ongoing today/tomorrow on #ubuntu-devel - making good progress on the list of upstart jobs

 16:16 <slangasek> (done)

 16:16 <slangasek> any questions over status?

 16:16 <cyphermox> slangasek: might want to add me to your script in the future?

 16:17 <slangasek> cyphermox: in the future yes - do you want to report anything today?

 16:17 <cyphermox> I don't have anything relevant to report, no

 16:17 <slangasek> feel free, but I wasn't going to put you on the spot :)

 16:17 <slangasek> ok

 16:18 <slangasek> [TOPIC] AOB

 16:18 <slangasek> anything else?

 16:18 <barry> monday is a usa holiday

 16:18 <bdmurray> Who is the best person to look at bug 1408495?

 16:18 <sil2100> Yay for cyphermox in teh team

 16:18 <ubottu> bug 1408495 in ubiquity (Ubuntu Vivid) "Ubiquity crashes prior to keyboard configuration in 15.04" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1408495

 16:18 <infinity> I want pie.

 16:18 <cyphermox> hey, I want pie too, fax me some?

 16:18 <robru> cyphermox: welcome!

 16:19 <infinity> cyphermox: You can have pie if you look at bug 1408495

 16:19 * barry wants pypipypypie

 16:19 <slangasek> cyphermox: do you have time to look at bug #1408495?

 16:19 <cyphermox> this afternoon I might, otherwise tomorrow

 16:19 <cyphermox> I'll ask questions as appropriate

 16:19 <slangasek> sounds good, thanks

 16:20 <cyphermox> this is good, I can use my fancy french keyboard to reproduce the issue

 16:20 <infinity> FANCY FRENCH KEYBOARD.

 16:20 <infinity> HON HON HON.

 16:21 <slangasek> yes, the good old azathoth layout

 16:21 <cyphermox> you haven't seen the fr_CA keyboards blessed by OLF yet

 16:21 <slangasek> ok, clearly this meeting has run its course

 16:21 <slangasek> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)