== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 13 Aug at 15:01 &mdash; 15:40 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2015/ubuntu-meeting.2015-08-13-15.01.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning round ===
The discussion about "Lightning round" started at 15:02.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * slangasek (48)
 * sil2100 (34)
 * tdaitx (24)
 * bdmurray (22)
 * cyphermox (20)
 * ubottu (13)
 * robru (10)
 * barry (9)
 * pitti (9)
 * doko (4)
 * meetingology (3)
 * davmor2 (1)



== Full Log ==


 15:01 <slangasek> #startmeeting

 15:01 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Aug 13 15:01:31 2015 UTC.  The chair is slangasek. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 15:01 <meetingology> 

 15:01 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 15:02 <slangasek> [TOPIC] Lightning round

 15:02 <slangasek> $ echo $(shuf -e barry doko bdmurray slangasek caribou infinity sil2100 robru cyphermox pitti tdaitx)

 15:02 <slangasek> caribou tdaitx sil2100 robru pitti doko bdmurray cyphermox infinity slangasek barry

 15:02 <slangasek> no caribou here today

 15:02 <slangasek> tdaitx: you first then

 15:02 <tdaitx> Past week

 15:02 <tdaitx> - Transition manager:

 15:02 <tdaitx> * learning about ben and britney

 15:02 <tdaitx> * checking how to fix the bad dependencies

 15:02 <tdaitx> * got python-apt to work

 15:02 <tdaitx> * Laney solved the same issue in a different approach

 15:02 <tdaitx> * discovered the glories of grep-dctrl

 15:02 <tdaitx> - FTBFS:

 15:02 <tdaitx> * investigated notmuch; was failing due dtach running with TERM="unknown"

 15:02 <tdaitx> * found ceph fix on github, tested, and debdiff'ed it (LP: #1483403)

 15:02 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1483403 in ceph (Ubuntu) "ceph FTBFS with boost1.58" [Critical,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1483403

 15:02 <tdaitx> * opened Debian #795178 for ceph as well

 15:02 <ubottu> Debian bug 795178 in src:ceph "ceph FTBFS with boost1.58" [Important,Open] http://bugs.debian.org/795178

 15:02 <tdaitx> - OpenJDK

 15:02 <tdaitx> * tracking down LP: #1482924

 15:02 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1482924 in openjdk-7 (Ubuntu) "Regressions due to USN-2696-1" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1482924

 15:02 <tdaitx> * OpenJDK 6/7 supports TLS 1.1/1.2, but TLS 1.0 is the default

 15:02 <tdaitx> * patched and tested OpenJDK 7 to default to TLS 1.2

 15:02 <tdaitx> Next week

 15:02 <tdaitx> - figure out what needs to be backported from OpenJDK 8 into 7 and 6

 15:02 <tdaitx> - backport TLS 1.2 to OpenJDK 7 and 6

 15:02 <tdaitx> Waiting/On hold

 15:03 <tdaitx> - TCK validation for OpenJDK 7 (doko)

 15:03 <tdaitx> Updates

 15:03 <tdaitx> - was pointed to IS wiki pages and got ssh/sshebang to work

 15:03 <tdaitx> - applied for a new passport (will collect it tomorrow, then start the US visa process)

 15:03 <tdaitx> (done)

 15:03 <sil2100> o/

 15:03 <sil2100> - Brain overheating, need to move away to some icy place srsly

 15:03 <sil2100> - Landing team work, silo coordination, preparing landing e-mails

 15:03 <sil2100> - Find root cause of failing armhf image builds - fixed by copying timezonemap binaries to overlay

 15:03 <sil2100> - Sending out a quick guideline e-mail for landings

 15:03 <sil2100> - Creating an uploading manual langpack packages for china images

 15:03 <sil2100> - Investigate system-image importer crashing on the g++5 channel delta generation

 15:03 <sil2100> * Custom tarballs corrupted, chased it down with ogra, tyhicks and jdstrand to an issue in apparmor

 15:03 <sil2100> - Updated CI Train bileto and sync documentation

 15:03 <sil2100> - Fixing commitlog case when cdimage build does not have a new rootfs build associated

 15:03 <sil2100> - i386 rc-proposed not-building:

 15:03 <sil2100> * Fixed issue with thumbnailer hard-depping on a -gles version that didn't exist

 15:03 <sil2100> * Looking into and getting a head-ache from packages ignoring the 'provides' fields

 15:03 <sil2100> * Probably related to the new apt in vivid being more strict

 15:03 <sil2100> - Launchpad overlay translation enablement

 15:03 <sil2100> * Copying over few missing touch packages to overlay to enable 15.04 exports

 15:03 <sil2100> * Requesting batch copies, coordinating imports, requesting auto-exports/auto-uploads

 15:04 <sil2100> - Starting to wrap my head around britney1 and britney2 code

 15:04 <sil2100> (done)

 15:04 <robru> * Bileto:

 15:04 <robru> - fixed various small UX papercuts (dashboard jumpiness, SSO teams checked by default, dialog text when abandoning a request)

 15:04 <robru> - achieved 100% test coverage for python backend

 15:04 <robru> - allow API searches against multiple fields

 15:04 <robru> - pagination in both backend and frontend

 15:04 <robru> * Cupstream2distro:

 15:04 <robru> - Added check to reject building/configuring superceded merges.

 15:04 <robru> - generated new API token in wake of minor leak, and squashed the leaky code (with regression tests)

 15:04 <robru> - get some stuff that was cowboyed in production and commit it to trunk

 15:04 <robru> ✓ done like dinner

 15:04 <pitti> - g++ 5 transitions and related FTBFS and autopkgtest fixes on 4 days

 15:04 <pitti> - eat ice cream every day to compensate for the blood and sweat from above

 15:04 <pitti> - Port sessioninstaller to Python 3 (#1440368)

 15:04 <pitti> - systemd: Fix "systemctl link" (#1480310), debug screen locking during dist-upgrade (#1473800, ongoing)

 15:04 <pitti> - britney: Fix handling of unbuilt reverse deps (#1483481), took a few iterations as it's quite hairy

 15:04 <pitti> EOT

 15:05 <doko> pitti, do you expense that?

 15:05 <pitti> is anybody not? :-)

 15:05 <pitti> (also, it's vital food now -- EOVERHEAT)

 15:05 <doko> - transitions ...

 15:05 <doko> - was at GNU Cauldron last week(end)

 15:06 <doko> (done)

 15:06 <bdmurray> implemented the display of package pockets on the package versions table in errors

 15:06 <bdmurray> tested staging update of errors showing package pockets

 15:06 <bdmurray> submitted RT to have production/staging versions of errors/daisy updated to show package pockets

 15:06 <bdmurray> fixed an issue with the display of the pocket for packages for Ubuntu RTM 14.09

 15:06 <bdmurray> submitted RT to have production/staging versions of errors/daisy updated to fix RTM pockets

 15:06 <bdmurray> reported and fixed errors LP linking bug LP: #1483826

 15:06 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1483826 in Errors "If the package version in the version table is from an unknown source don't build an LP link" [Medium,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1483826

 15:06 <bdmurray> review of retracing failures for ways to improve

 15:06 <bdmurray> updated meta-release* for Trusty point release

 15:06 <bdmurray> wrote retracer missing executable log finding code

 15:06 <bdmurray> discussed with stub adding another dse node

 15:06 <bdmurray> uploaded apport SRU for T, V fixing LP: #1470572

 15:06 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1470572 in apport (Ubuntu Vivid) "native-origins.d information causes apport to strip origin information from Package" [High,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1470572

 15:06 <bdmurray> ubiquity, update-manager bug triage

 15:07 <bdmurray> merged whoopsie merge proposal

 15:07 <bdmurray> review of a bug control application

 15:07 <bdmurray> sponsored some patches

 15:07 <bdmurray> created a proper fix for bash-completion bug LP: #1358154

 15:07 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1358154 in bash-completion (Debian) "Bash autocompletion not working for apt command" [Unknown,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1358154

 15:07 <bdmurray> ✔ done

 15:08 <bdmurray> cyphermox is next right?

 15:09 <cyphermox> ok

 15:09 <cyphermox> - debugging samba ppc64el hangs on trusty (LP: #1472584)

 15:09 <cyphermox> - NM fixes for wifi scanning and ofono - ipv6

 15:09 <cyphermox> - looked into UTF-8 issues with console-setup in ubiquity install

 15:09 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1472584 in samba (Ubuntu) "ISST-LTE: Samba server doesn't work well on Ubuntu 14.04.3 on ppc64el" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1472584

 15:09 <cyphermox> - uploaded multipath-tools SRU for trusty

 15:09 <cyphermox> - partman-base fix for rpmb mmcs (LP: #1456443)

 15:09 <cyphermox> - ipmitool SRU (LP: #1481780)

 15:09 <cyphermox> - capser lightdm autologin fix

 15:09 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1456443 in OEM Priority Project "Skip eMMC device's boot0, boot1 and rpmb partitions" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1456443

 15:09 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1481780 in ipmitool (Ubuntu Trusty) "ipmitool 1.8.13 needs 2 patches for OpenPower systems" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1481780

 15:09 <cyphermox> (done)

 15:10 <slangasek> sil2100: what 'provides' fields did you have being ignored?

 15:11 <slangasek> no infinity, so

 15:11 <slangasek> * gcc-5 transition: things are going well, gcc-defaults got unblocked this week and many individual libraries have made it through

 15:11 <slangasek> * we still have the main mass of entangled library transitions to push in (the one that requires proposed-migration to hint several hundred packages at the same time and fails because it can't figure out how to make 10,000 binary packages installable), but this is being worked on

 15:11 <slangasek> * miscellaneous bug fixes uploaded, various leaf packages removed from wily

 15:11 <slangasek> * travel:

 15:11 <slangasek> * DebConf15 starts this weekend; I'll be out from tomorrow

 15:11 <slangasek> (done)

 15:11 <slangasek> * LinuxCon, Plumbers, etc are next week so I'll be there from Wednesday afternoon to Friday

 15:12 <slangasek> barry:

 15:12 <barry> looked at buildbot build failures (debian bug #794300).  need upstream help; bug filed.

 15:12 <ubottu> Debian bug 794300 in buildbot "buildbot: FTBFS on unstable and needs rebuild for sqlalchemy transition" [Serious,Open] http://bugs.debian.org/794300

 15:12 <barry> worked on django for py35.  will require an update to 1.8.3 from experimental, which is undergoing its own stalled transition.  created ppa pythoneers/py35django18 to track this, which is stacked on py35asdefault.  django itself builds but several of the other django related/dependent packages in the archive ftbfs

 15:12 <barry> long and difficult work on pytables (LP: #1478146)  3.2.1-0ubuntu1 builds now but apparently segfaults its dep-8 tests.  still investigating that.

 15:12 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1478146 in pytables (Ubuntu Wily) "pytables FTBFS with python3.5" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1478146

 15:12 <barry> --done--

 15:12 <sil2100> slangasek: well, that's what it seems it's doing... nothing changed in deps and suddenly the -gles versions of UITK are not installed when apps are depending on UITK, even though the -gles ones have 'Provides' of the UITK ones in packaging

 15:13 <slangasek> sil2100: can you give me an exact package name / provides?

 15:13 <sil2100> slangasek: so suddenly everything went to hell and things that apt could install correctly suddenly causes a 'conflicts' and ubuntu-touch became uninstallable

 15:14 <sil2100> qtdeclarative5-ubuntu-ui-toolkit-plugin-gles prodives and conflicts with qtdeclarative5-ubuntu-ui-toolkit-plugin

 15:15 <sil2100> A whole batch of packages dep on qtdeclarative5-ubuntu-ui-toolkit-plugin, and on the i386 versions -gles should be installed instead - in the past it just worked if the build system pulled in qtdeclarative5-ubuntu-ui-toolkit-plugin-gles

 15:15 <slangasek> so one thing you may be seeing is the effect of the random ordering of things through seeds; if something $somewhere changed that caused dependencies to be traversed in a different order, and you were previously forcing qtdeclarative5-ubuntu-ui-toolkit-plugin-gles but now qtdeclarative5-ubuntu-ui-toolkit-plugin is getting seen first

 15:15 <slangasek> sil2100: where does the failure show up?

 15:16 <sil2100> slangasek: on the i386 cdimage builds but also locally when I try it in a chroot... there was no seeds change, but there was a new apt uploaded, so maybe now it traverses the deps differently

 15:16 <sil2100> Anyway, still looking into that, want to see what actually changed in apt

 15:17 <slangasek> ok

 15:17 <slangasek> any other questions re: status?

 15:17 <sil2100> Might be something else... but I checked all changes in our touch packages, experimented a lot with deps in the chroot and nothing, so I started looking into the apt direction

 15:17 <sil2100> Timeline-wise it seems possible

 15:18 <sil2100> slangasek: when infinity will be back? :)

 15:18 <slangasek> good question

 15:18 * sil2100 wants to molest him a bit about britney pop-star stuff

 15:19 * bdmurray shakes head

 15:21 <slangasek> sil2100: oh, and you know there's a follow-up SRU to apt that's currently in vivid-proposed which hasn't been released yet?  there was a regression that was critical-path for 14.04.3, but considered less relevant to vivid; perhaps there's *some* interaction there

 15:21 <slangasek> sil2100: "oops I did it again" is not an endorsed engineering practice in Ubuntu

 15:22 <barry> despite it being the best pop song of the last 50 years

 15:22 <bdmurray> if it were it would be "toxic"

 15:22 * pitti takes notes to not break britney a third time :)

 15:23 <slangasek> ok

 15:23 <slangasek> anything else? :)

 15:23 <bdmurray> sil2100: What's up with https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/livecd-rootfs/+bug/1471903?

 15:23 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1471903 in livecd-rootfs (Ubuntu) "-updates, -security missing from apt lists" [High,In progress]

 15:25 <sil2100> bdmurray: was waiting for infinity to take a look at it, slangasek agrees with this proposition but Adam seemed to have some concerns

 15:26 <sil2100> slangasek: ;)

 15:26 <sil2100> slangasek: I'll look into that apt upload, I saw it but didn't know yet what it was about

 15:26 <bdmurray> sil2100: okay, thanks

 15:26 <slangasek> sil2100: have you asked infinity to look at it?

 15:27 <sil2100> slangasek: sent an e-mail yesterday + some -proposed stuff, but it seems he wasn't around yesterday as well

 15:28 <slangasek> sil2100: he was around, but that's not the same as replying to an email

 15:28 <slangasek> sil2100: by -proposed do you mean you uploaded an SRU?

 15:29 <sil2100> No, -proposed migration questions (regarding britney and not only)

 15:29 <slangasek> ok

 15:30 <slangasek> anything else (x2)?

 15:30 <slangasek> everyone still has enough to work on at http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/transitions/ ?

 15:31 <cyphermox> in anything else,

 15:31 <barry> oh yes :)

 15:31 <cyphermox> apparently today's image is broken in not-EFI

 15:31 <cyphermox> doesn't boot.

 15:31 <slangasek> I would like to see the main transition un-stick by the end of the week; if you aren't sure which pieces to help with for that, you can check with Laney or doko on #ubuntu-release

 15:32 <slangasek> cyphermox: yes, I've just seen a bug report from davmor2 come through about this.  have you reproduced the failure?

 15:32 <slangasek> (and who uploaded what?)

 15:32 <cyphermox> working on it

 15:32 <cyphermox> I've reproduced the non-failure on EFI

 15:33 <cyphermox> and now I've reproduced the failure

 15:33 <slangasek> there is a new syslinux in wily as of 20 hours ago

 15:33 <slangasek> possibly the first build with gcc5

 15:33 <cyphermox> that's the most likely culprit, in fact

 15:34 <slangasek> definitely the first build with gcc5

 15:34 <davmor2> cyphermox: just added a comment to my bug yesterday image boots fine so it is only todays build that is broken

 15:34 <barry> slangasek: can you rename this one: http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/transitions/html/python3.3-5.html

 15:34 <cyphermox> I'll check that out, I'll roll my own CD to see

 15:34 <slangasek> cyphermox: want to build-depend on gcc-4.9 as a short-term workaround while debugging further?  since this is C not C++ there's no compatibility problem with rolling back temporarily

 15:35 <slangasek> cyphermox: and handing you bug #1484571

 15:35 <ubottu> bug 1484571 in syslinux (Ubuntu) "Latest wily image is not booting" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1484571

 15:35 <cyphermox> slangasek: yeah, that could be a good temporary solution so people don't get unbootable systems for the time being

 15:35 <slangasek> barry: done

 15:36 <slangasek> cyphermox: it's not "people get unbootable systems", syslinux is only used on the CDs - but we need the CDs to be bootable to make sure the g++ transition isn't leaving the OS on the floor.  So please revert syslinux to gcc-4.9 asap and we can continue debugging after

 15:36 <barry> slangasek: thanks.  does it take a while to show up on http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/transitions/ ?

 15:37 <slangasek> barry: ~1h

 15:37 <barry> slangasek: ack

 15:37 <slangasek> (possibly less now that I've been trying to prune the done transitions from the list)

 15:37 <cyphermox> slangasek: I think this would also likely break people trying to use usb-creator to write iso images to USB, even if the iso was good.

 15:38 <slangasek> cyphermox: sure; it won't break bootability of an existing system, at least, but is still critical :)

 15:38 <cyphermox> of course, fixing that now :)

 15:39 <slangasek> thanks

 15:39 <slangasek> anything else? (x3)

 15:40 <slangasek> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)