== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 14 Dec at 16:42 &mdash; 16:57 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2015/ubuntu-meeting.2015-12-14-16.42.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting 
=== Announcements ===
The discussion about "Announcements" started at 16:43.


=== Weekly stand-up report ===
The discussion about "Weekly stand-up report" started at 16:43.


=== Highlighted packages ===
The discussion about "Highlighted packages" started at 16:55.

  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/samba.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/archmage.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/sympa.html 

=== Miscellaneous and Questions ===
The discussion about "Miscellaneous and Questions" started at 16:55.

  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/nullmailer.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/jabberd2.html 



== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * tyhicks (29)
 * jdstrand (9)
 * mdeslaur (6)
 * sbeattie (6)
 * sarnold (5)
 * meetingology (3)
 * ubottu (1)



== Full Log ==


 16:42 <tyhicks> #startmeeting

 16:42 <meetingology> Meeting started Mon Dec 14 16:42:52 2015 UTC.  The chair is tyhicks. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:42 <meetingology> 

 16:42 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 16:42 <tyhicks> The meeting agenda can be found at:

 16:43 <tyhicks> [LINK] https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting

 16:43 <tyhicks> [TOPIC] Announcements

 16:43 <tyhicks> Andreas Cadhalpun provided a debdiff for vivid for ffmpeg (LP: #1523692)

 16:43 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1523692 in ffmpeg (Ubuntu) " FFmpeg security fixes December 2015" [Medium,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1523692

 16:43 <tyhicks> Thank you for your assistance in keeping Ubuntu users secure! :)

 16:43 <tyhicks> [TOPIC] Weekly stand-up report

 16:43 <tyhicks> jdstrand: you're up

 16:44 <jdstrand> hey

 16:44 <jdstrand> this is a short week for me (I'm off friday til the end of year)

 16:45 <jdstrand> I plan to catch up on various emails/irc from last week

 16:45 <jdstrand> update libseccomp for mbarrier (a new syscall that mir on snappy is using)

 16:45 <jdstrand> similar change to ubuntu-core-security

 16:45 <jdstrand> update trello for various takeaways from last week

 16:46 <jdstrand> update ubuntu-core-security for start of capabilities work

 16:46 <jdstrand> and review tools updates related to capabilities work

 16:46 <jdstrand> that's it for me. mdeslaur, you're up

 16:46 <mdeslaur> I just released libxml2

 16:46 <mdeslaur> and am currently trying to backport the git fix to precise

 16:46 <mdeslaur> after that, I have a couple of embargoed issues to look at

 16:47 <mdeslaur> that's pretty much it for me this week, this is my last week before I go on holidays until the new year

 16:47 <mdeslaur> oh, and I'm on triage this week

 16:47 <mdeslaur> sbeattie: you're up

 16:47 <sbeattie> I'm in the happy place this week.

 16:47 <sbeattie> I have an embargoed issue I'm researching

 16:48 <sbeattie> I have some gcc-pie churn to deal with.

 16:49 <sbeattie> I have some upstream apparmor things to look at as well.

 16:49 <sbeattie> That and regular kernel process stuff will probably consume my short week, after which I will also be off for the rest of the year.

 16:49 <sbeattie> tyhicks: you're up

 16:50 <tyhicks> I'm on community this week

 16:50 <tyhicks> I need to catch up email/IRC from last week while attending the Snappy sprint

 16:50 <tyhicks> I have some followups from the Snappy sprint to get to

 16:51 <tyhicks> I plan on tying up as many loose ends as possible this week before going EOY

 16:51 <tyhicks> would like to get to some !AppArmor development but I doubt it will happen

 16:51 <tyhicks> that's it for me

 16:52 <tyhicks> jj is out

 16:52 <tyhicks> sarnold: you're up

 16:52 <sarnold> I'm on bug triage this week

 16:52 <sarnold> it's a short week, and also my last four work days of the year

 16:52 <sarnold> I'm going to start on the dpdk MIR this week, and I'm sincerely hoping it's small enough that I can finish it thisyear too :)

 16:53 <sarnold> I may also review a few smaller apparmor patches

 16:53 <sarnold> that's it for me, tyhicks

 16:54 <tyhicks> thanks

 16:55 <tyhicks> [TOPIC] Highlighted packages

 16:55 <tyhicks> The Ubuntu Security team will highlight some community-supported packages that might be good candidates for updating and or triaging. If you would like to help Ubuntu and not sure where to start, this is a great way to do so.

 16:55 <tyhicks> See https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/UpdateProcedures for details and if you have any questions, feel free to ask in #ubuntu-security. To find out other ways of helping out, please see https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/GettingInvolved.

 16:55 <tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/samba.html

 16:55 <tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/archmage.html

 16:55 <tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/sympa.html

 16:55 <tyhicks> [TOPIC] Miscellaneous and Questions

 16:55 <tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/nullmailer.html

 16:55 <tyhicks> Does anyone have any other questions or items to discuss?

 16:56 <tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/jabberd2.html

 16:57 <tyhicks> jdstrand, mdeslaur, sbeattie, sarnold: Thanks!

 16:57 <tyhicks> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)