== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 08 Jan at 16:01 &mdash; 16:16 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2015/ubuntu-meeting.2015-01-08-16.01.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning round ===
The discussion about "Lightning round" started at 16:02.


=== AOB ===
The discussion about "AOB" started at 16:14.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * slangasek (26)
 * bdmurray (18)
 * mvo (16)
 * ubottu (9)
 * stgraber (5)
 * barry (5)
 * caribou (5)
 * jodh (4)
 * meetingology (3)



== Full Log ==


 16:01 <slangasek> #startmeeting

 16:01 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Jan  8 16:01:29 2015 UTC.  The chair is slangasek. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:01 <meetingology> 

 16:01 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 16:02 <slangasek> [TOPIC] Lightning round

 16:02 <mvo> hi

 16:03 <slangasek> $ echo $(shuf -e barry doko stgraber jodh bdmurray slangasek caribou infinity mvo sil2100 robru)

 16:03 <slangasek> robru doko slangasek mvo stgraber jodh barry caribou sil2100 infinity bdmurray

 16:03 <slangasek> robru: hi, around?

 16:04 <slangasek> we'll come back to robru

 16:04 <slangasek> doko is on vacation this week

 16:04 <slangasek> so me next

 16:04 <slangasek> * Happy New Year!

 16:04 <slangasek> * working on filling open positions in the team

 16:04 <slangasek> * snappy development continues, with more cool things to be revealed soon

 16:04 <slangasek> * prepping for 14.04.2, which will be out in early February

 16:04 <slangasek> (done)

 16:04 <mvo> apt:

 16:04 <mvo> - debug/fix/upload-to-ppa-for-testing a bug that appeared to be a hang

 16:04 <mvo> in "apt-get install" from https locations  (and add test) that

 16:04 <mvo> causes issues for software-center in trusty for large downloads

 16:04 <mvo> click:

 16:04 <mvo> - test/land fix for oxideqt-codecs and click 15.04 multiarch chroot creation

 16:04 <mvo> snappy:

 16:04 <mvo> - debug/workaround issue with i386 image upgrade that caused gid mismatch

 16:04 <mvo> on fs (#1408579 and python #23193)

 16:04 <mvo> - debug/fix missing cloud-init on arm images

 16:04 <mvo> - improved self-test for snappy

 16:04 <mvo> - wrote packages diff generator for channels

 16:04 <mvo> - promoted amd64 image, i386 pending because #1408579 needs fixing first

 16:04 <mvo> - some work on go-bus

 16:04 <mvo> (done)

 16:05 <slangasek> stgraber:

 16:05 <stgraber> oops

 16:06 <stgraber> Got back to work yesterday, did a small change to system-image (added version_detail to index for new images) and a bunch of lxcfs, lxc and lxd work

 16:06 <stgraber> that's about it

 16:06 <stgraber> (done)

 16:06 <slangasek> oops?  is it reproducible?  stgraber:

 16:06 <slangasek> ;)

 16:06 <stgraber> :)

 16:06 <jodh> stgraber: yay - thanks for si change!

 16:06 <slangasek> jodh: you're up

 16:06 <jodh> * snappy:

 16:07 <jodh> - working on boot polish.

 16:07 <jodh> ◉

 16:07 <barry> short week due to flu (with lingering effects)

 16:07 <barry> debian bug #774213 (could not reproduce)

 16:07 <barry> worked a little on pycon 2015 language summit prep (i am co-chair)

 16:07 <ubottu> Debian bug 774213 in zope2.13 "zope2.13: import zope.security._proxy -> SystemError: dynamic module not initialized properly" [Grave,Open] http://bugs.debian.org/774213

 16:07 <barry> review new python-lockfile for sponsoree

 16:07 <barry> done

 16:07 <caribou> Misc bug hunting :

 16:07 <caribou> python-pywbem CA cert support backport

 16:07 <caribou> DHCP issue when PXE boot and NFS root

 16:07 <caribou> cups env variable overriding

 16:07 <caribou> (done)

 16:09 <slangasek> sil2100 is on vacation this week

 16:09 <slangasek> and infinity isn't on the channel

 16:09 <slangasek> bdmurray:

 16:10 <bdmurray> submitted RT to have apport version updated in production (no double Contents.gz)

 16:10 <bdmurray> submitted RT to have errors_static_url updated in production

 16:10 <bdmurray> updated daisy to record $arch stats for some submissions

 16:10 <bdmurray> worked on errors launchpad code to display release / pocket for a package version

 16:10 <bdmurray> submitted RT #77774 to have daisy updated in staging

 16:10 <bdmurray> updated most_common_problems API call in errors to display FirstSeenRelease / LastSeenRelease

 16:10 <bdmurray> tested and updated upstart bug 1300235 (apport-crash)

 16:10 <ubottu> bug 1300235 in upstart (Ubuntu) "init crashed with SIGSEGV" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1300235

 16:10 <bdmurray> review of halted phased updates

 16:10 <bdmurray> release of verified SRUs

 16:10 <bdmurray> uploaded vivid rsyslog bug fix for LP: #1366829

 16:10 <bdmurray> uploaded utopic gparted bug fix for LP: #1376051

 16:10 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1366829 in rsyslog (Ubuntu Utopic) "7.4.4-1ubuntu2.1 makes rsyslogd to take all the CPU in OpenVZ" [High,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1366829

 16:10 <bdmurray> uploaded utopic usb-creator bug fix for LP: #1279987

 16:10 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1376051 in gparted (Ubuntu) "gpartedbin crashed with SIGABRT in g_assertion_message()" [Critical,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1376051

 16:10 <bdmurray> uploaded trusty usb-creator bug fixes (LP: #1279987, LP: #1380041, LP: #1361474, LP: #1300361)

 16:10 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1279987 in usb-creator (Ubuntu Utopic) "usb-creator-gtk crashed with TypeError in __call__(): first argument must be the method signature string: GLib.Variant('a{sv}', {})" [Medium,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1279987

 16:10 <bdmurray> uploaded T and U SRU fixes for LP: #1366829 regarding rsyslog

 16:10 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1380041 in usb-creator (Ubuntu Trusty) "Erasing NTFS formatted flash raises AttributeError: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'get_cached_property'" [Medium,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1380041

 16:10 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1361474 in usb-creator (Ubuntu Trusty) "[SRU] Error erasing device when there is dos partition table but no partition" [High,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1361474

 16:10 <bdmurray> uploaded T and P SRU of python-apt fixing LP: #1397578 (update mirrors files)

 16:10 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1300361 in OEM Priority Project "[SRU] cannot format when no partition table is present" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1300361

 16:10 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1397578 in python-apt (Ubuntu Trusty) "LTS release has outdated Ubuntu.mirrors file" [Low,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1397578

 16:10 <bdmurray> resolved an issue with rls-v reports on cranberry

 16:10 <bdmurray> modified bug bot to also review update-manager bugs for common release upgrade issues (i.e. Precise to Trusty)

 16:11 <bdmurray> ✔ done

 16:12 <slangasek> any questions?

 16:14 <slangasek> [TOPIC] AOB

 16:14 <slangasek> ok

 16:14 <slangasek> anything else today?

 16:15 <slangasek> did the reyes magos bring you everything you wanted?

 16:16 <slangasek> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)