== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 09 Jul at 15:05 &mdash; 15:50 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2015/ubuntu-meeting.2015-07-09-15.05.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning round ===
The discussion about "Lightning round" started at 15:05.


=== Team changes ===
The discussion about "Team changes" started at 15:27.


=== AOB ===
The discussion about "AOB" started at 15:33.

  * ''LINK:'' https://www.kernel.org/doc/Documentation/filesystems/tmpfs.txt 



== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * pitti (62)
 * slangasek (61)
 * infinity (36)
 * sil2100 (20)
 * cyphermox (18)
 * barry (13)
 * tyhicks (12)
 * caribou (10)
 * doko (8)
 * ubottu (8)
 * meetingology (3)
 * ogra_ (3)



== Full Log ==


 15:05 <slangasek> #startmeeting

 15:05 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Jul  9 15:05:03 2015 UTC.  The chair is slangasek. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 15:05 <meetingology> 

 15:05 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 15:05 <slangasek> [TOPIC] Lightning round

 15:05 <slangasek> $ echo $(shuf -e barry doko stgraber bdmurray slangasek caribou infinity sil2100 robru cyphermox pitti)

 15:05 <slangasek> caribou stgraber bdmurray infinity robru cyphermox pitti slangasek barry sil2100 doko

 15:06 <caribou> oh, I get to start

 15:06 <slangasek> caribou: yep :)

 15:06 <caribou> Bugfix :

 15:06 <caribou> - ifenslave ambigous message

 15:06 <caribou> * identified root cause, open Debian bug with patch

 15:06 <caribou> Crash Dump

 15:06 <caribou> - Worked on Kdump enablement cloud-init script

 15:06 <caribou> Charm dev

 15:06 <caribou> - Developed Kernel Crash Dump subordinate charm

 15:06 <caribou> (done)

 15:08 <slangasek> ah, stgraber probably not around

 15:08 <slangasek> bdrung_work:

 15:08 <slangasek> eh

 15:08 <slangasek> bdmurray:

 15:08 <slangasek> stupid tabcomplete

 15:08 <infinity> We might not have a Brian either.

 15:09 <slangasek> yes, we indeed might not since I approved his vacation request

 15:09 <slangasek> infinity:

 15:09 <infinity> Short (3-day) week:

 15:09 <infinity> - General SRU/AA work

 15:09 <infinity> - Helped apw sort out ubuntu-fan for wily

 15:09 <infinity> - Worked with apw on ubuntu-fan SRU proposal

 15:09 <infinity> - Worked with rbasak on docker.io SRUs

 15:09 <infinity> - Found, debugged, and ushered in a fix for a kernel panic on the arm64 buildds

 15:09 <infinity> - Working on LP: #1414818 for IBM

 15:09 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1414818 in opensm (Ubuntu) "Add missing OFED packages for Ubuntu 14.04.2" [High,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1414818

 15:09 <infinity> - Identified casper backports needed for 14.04.3 and got them in with apw

 15:09 <infinity> - Kernel SRU wrangling for 14.04.3

 15:09 <infinity> - Some merges and bugfixes in wily

 15:09 <infinity> - Failed to sleep all week

 15:09 <infinity> (done)

 15:10 <pitti> ssh infinity sleep 28800

 15:10 <caribou> sleep: command not found

 15:11 <slangasek> pitti: underlying kernel bug, never puts the CPU into anything below C0

 15:11 <pitti> robru?

 15:11 <slangasek> robru:

 15:12 <infinity> slangasek: That's the most accurate nerd analogy for insomnia that I've ever seen.

 15:12 <cyphermox> robru might be in C3?

 15:13 <slangasek> heh

 15:13 <cyphermox> should I?

 15:14 <slangasek> cyphermox: go ahead

 15:14 <cyphermox> * fixed d-i overlay support (net-retriever, base-installer, apt-setup)

 15:14 <cyphermox> * updated sg3-utils (+ added udeb) for QEMU/IPR support for multipath

 15:14 <cyphermox> * finished multipath-tools merge

 15:14 <cyphermox> * updated partman-multipath, partman-base, hw-detect for naming change

 15:14 <cyphermox> * investigated/fixed tgt for proposed migration (blocked multipath-tools)

 15:14 <cyphermox> * investigated lava-dispatcher (blocked multipath-tools, skipped)

 15:14 <cyphermox> * fix fwupdate FTBFS

 15:14 <cyphermox> * SRUs:

 15:14 <cyphermox> - debian-installer-utils bug 1402042 (support --- in user-params)

 15:14 <ubottu> bug 1402042 in debian-installer-utils (Ubuntu Utopic) "console= parameters need to be added before -- on kernel cmdline" [Undecided,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1402042

 15:14 <cyphermox> - udev (systemd) bug 1437375 for trusty (exception for ibmveth MAC)

 15:14 <ubottu> bug 1437375 in systemd (Ubuntu Trusty) "[udev] Adding "Austin" adapter to Ubuntu partition take over system network interface" [Undecided,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1437375

 15:14 <cyphermox> - partman-auto bug 1461860 for trusty (ppc64el recipe)

 15:14 <ubottu> bug 1461860 in partman-auto (Ubuntu Trusty) "Installation scheme based on Separate /home, /usr, /var, and /tmp partitions fail" [Medium,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1461860

 15:14 <cyphermox> * debugging multipath-tools:

 15:14 <cyphermox> - bug 1463046: local HDs found as multipath when they shouldn't be

 15:14 <ubottu> bug 1463046 in multipath-tools (Ubuntu) "installation of multipath-tools-boot can break boot" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1463046

 15:14 <cyphermox> - bug 1468897: skip USB devices

 15:14 <ubottu> bug 1468897 in multipath-tools (Ubuntu) "multipath creates binding for Removable(USB) drives" [Medium,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1468897

 15:14 <cyphermox> * investigating iso smoketest failures

 15:14 <cyphermox> (done)

 15:15 <pitti> autopkgtest cloud:

 15:15 <pitti> - britney: Add much simpler AMQP/cloud based autopkgtest triggering, to get rid of lp:auto-package-testing and much indirection+duplication (landed)

 15:15 <pitti> - britney: Add autopkgtest result retrieval from swift (MP pending review)

 15:15 <pitti> - create swift server mock for writing britney tests

 15:15 <pitti> - do britney run for wily, triggering 500 tests; various robustifications and fixes from these

 15:15 <pitti> - Rewrite autopkgtest-cloud's swift results retriever to be suitable for inclusion into debci

 15:15 <pitti> systemd: package/test 222 (landed now), various bug fixes (#1450009, 1471258)

 15:15 <pitti> ecryptfs-utils: Fix broken cryptswap configuration with LVM, clean up on upgrades, prepare SRUs (bug 1453738), fix broken libecryptfs0 shipping libecryptfs.so.1

 15:15 <ubottu> bug 1453738 in ecryptfs-utils (Ubuntu Vivid) "installer in LVM mode sets up broken encrypted swap, using duplicate unencrypted swap" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1453738

 15:15 <pitti> misc:

 15:15 <pitti> - review https://code.launchpad.net/~brian-murray/apport/support-ppa-packages/+merge/263437, almost ready now

 15:15 <pitti> - merges: openvpn, policykit-1, ruby-defaults

 15:15 <pitti> [END]

 15:17 <slangasek> * short week: holiday last Friday, sick yesterday

 15:17 <slangasek> * miscellaneous SRU processing

 15:17 <slangasek> * helping set up ci train silo for the upcoming gcc 5 transition

 15:17 <slangasek> * livecd-rootfs sponsorship to move a scope out of the phone rootfs

 15:17 <slangasek> * TB discussions about ubuntu-fan and SRUability

 15:17 <slangasek> * discussions around KVM support for ppc64el on 14.04

 15:17 <slangasek> * discussions around UEFI capsule update support

 15:17 <slangasek> * finished paperwork for new Java hire, who will be starting July 27

 15:17 <slangasek> * continuing search for Foundations engineers

 15:17 <slangasek> (done)

 15:17 <barry> short week due to usa holiday and pto

 15:17 <barry> more python 3.5 test rebuilds, with patches going upstream and into debian as appropriate

 15:17 <barry> python issue #15014 fixes RFC 4952 AUTH initial response (py3.5 fix for regression breaking packages in the wild)

 15:17 <barry> more git-dpm conversion work for dpmt

 15:17 <barry> lazr.delegates 2.0.3 (upstream) and 2.0.3-1 (debian) for launchpad related fix

 15:17 <barry> zope.interface 4.1.2-1 new upstream and cross build fixes

 15:18 <barry> reported LP: #1473093 (checkbox-ng for py3.5)

 15:18 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1473093 in Next Generation Checkbox (CLI) "tests fail on python3.5" [Critical,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1473093

 15:18 <barry> --done--

 15:18 <sil2100> o/

 15:18 <sil2100> - Landing team work, silo coordination, preparing landing e-mails

 15:18 <sil2100> - Manually prepare languagepack packages for most important languages

 15:18 <sil2100> - Prepare livecd-rootfs for youtube scope removal

 15:18 <sil2100> - Coordinate device and custom tarball landings for OTA-5

 15:18 <sil2100> - Coordinate landings for OTA-5, image preparations

 15:18 <sil2100> - Documenting the new release schedule for OTA upgrades

 15:18 <sil2100> - RTM status meetings and discussions

 15:18 <sil2100> - Gathering feedback regarding derived vs. overlay

 15:18 <sil2100> - Discussions regarding fixing the broken wily language-packs

 15:18 <sil2100> - Selective work on triaging the appmenu-qt5 bug with hiding windows

 15:18 <sil2100> - Cleanup in assigned bugs

 15:18 <sil2100> - Various changes and improvements to commitlog generation infrastructure

 15:18 <sil2100> - Discussions about the setup of new channels

 15:18 <sil2100> (done)

 15:19 <slangasek> doko:

 15:19 <doko> - announced the GCC 5 transition

 15:19 <doko> - reviewd and fixed 30 GCC 5 ftbfs in Debian, merged to Ubuntu

 15:19 <doko> - populated https://launchpad.net/~ci-train-ppa-service/+archive/ubuntu/landing-016/+packages

 15:19 <doko> - getting angry with unmerged packages since 2013 ... trafficserver

 15:19 <doko> - python3.5 beta3

 15:19 <doko> (done)

 15:20 * infinity checks if trafficserver is his...

 15:20 <pitti> unmerged packages> amen

 15:20 <infinity> Oh look, it is.

 15:20 <infinity> *sigh*

 15:21 <infinity> doko: Hint taken. :P

 15:21 <doko> ;-P

 15:21 <pitti> those are the ones which really drive me away from fixing -proposed stuff in some cases (becoming TIL on even more crappy packages)

 15:21 <slangasek> :)

 15:22 <infinity> pitti: Yeah, it's a vicous cycle.  Cause you end up TIL, then you don't have enough time for merges, then someone else gets angry with you for not merging, then they get annoyed enough to merge it themselves, then they end up being the one who lags, repeat.

 15:22 <slangasek> alrighty - any questions over status?

 15:22 <pitti> infinity: heh, yes; we still suffer a lot from the old years where we tossed just about anything into ubuntu that people threw at us..

 15:22 <slangasek> fwiw I've asked bdmurray to work on getting better reporting out of MoM so that we can actually see "merges I'm responsible for, sorted by age"

 15:23 <barry> bdmurray: can you add "merges i will never get to, let's just be honest about it"?

 15:24 <doko> infinity, pitti: would be nice to track autoremovals in unstable, and then have a separate section for these in update_excuses

 15:24 <infinity> slangasek: If I could get age out of "grep-merges", that would do it.

 15:25 <slangasek> infinity: heh, never heard of 'grep-merges'.  But if the main report would list the age, presumably that would give you this?

 15:25 <infinity> doko: Yeah, looking at trafficserver, it probably wants a removal from wily and then a sync after the gcc-5 transition, so it can FTBFS. :P

 15:26 <infinity> slangasek: Yeah, not sure where grep-merges pulls from, but I assume it's the same report you're talking about.

 15:26 <slangasek> merges.ubuntu.com/main.html etc

 15:27 <slangasek> [TOPIC] Team changes

 15:28 <slangasek> I mentioned earlier in the meeting that stgraber was probably not around... there's a specific reason for this :)

 15:28 <pitti> noooo!

 15:28 <slangasek> as many of you have seen, stgraber has been working full time on lxd together with folks in CDO for quite a while now

 15:29 <slangasek> this situation is now being formalized - St√©phane is now the LXD technical lead, reporting on the server team!

 15:29 <sil2100> Oh no!

 15:29 <infinity> And now I'm the shortest member of the team.  This is unacceptable.

 15:29 <slangasek> so congratulations to stgraber on the new role, and we wish him well - while making no promises not to continue harrassing him with Foundations questions ;)

 15:30 <sil2100> The foundations are cracking!

 15:30 <slangasek> this means that, once the paperwork goes through, we will be hiring for not one, but two Foundations engineer positions

 15:31 <pitti> infinity: ^ you have a way to rectify that then :)

 15:31 <slangasek> so pester all your brilliant and short friends to apply

 15:31 <sil2100> hmmm ;)

 15:31 <barry> slangasek: is one of those the java dude?

 15:31 <slangasek> barry: this would be two, in addition to javadude (whose name is Tiago)

 15:31 <barry> oh!  we have a winner!  cool

 15:32 <sil2100> Woohoo

 15:32 <sil2100> Damn, I'd like to have more time for some system-image server work, grrr

 15:33 <slangasek> [TOPIC] AOB

 15:33 <slangasek> anything else this week?

 15:34 <pitti> after spending the fourth or so day on cleaning up after "we messed up swap space config in the installer years ago"

 15:34 <pitti> I wondered if we should just stop doing it completely -- it's 2015..

 15:34 <barry> pitti: yeah, i still see that on some of my machines ;)

 15:34 <pitti> kirkland mentioned "swapspace", which dynamically creates swap files on demand on your root partition (or perhaps /var) instead of eternally blocking an entire partition

 15:35 <pitti> does anyone have experience with that?

 15:35 <slangasek> I don't think "dynamically" creating swap partitions sounds like a great idea to me

 15:35 <infinity> pitti: I have no experience with userspace swapfile magic like that, but I might be inclined to agree that switching from partitions to files for desktop installs would be reasonable.

 15:35 <infinity> Maybe.

 15:35 <pitti> I mean, we need to fix ecryptfs-setup-swap either way

 15:36 <slangasek> there was discussion long ago about switching from swap partition to swap file; I don't know why it was never done

 15:36 <pitti> but as a matter of fact, everyone who installed with "encrypt my home dir" between perhaps precise and vivid had no swap at all

 15:36 <slangasek> pitti: I'm missing context - what's the problem with ecryptfs-setup-swap?

 15:36 <pitti> slangasek: there were various bugs in that and ubiquity which prevented having swap space at all, or in the case of LVM having unencryted plus encrypted where the unencrypted one won

 15:37 <slangasek> erm?  I thought the desktop LVM+crypt recipe gave you a single encrypted VG and nothing else

 15:37 <pitti> i. e. we already seeem to have a non-negligible user base with no swap at all, and not seem to have too many complaints

 15:37 <pitti> slangasek: no, not LVM crypt; unencrypted LVM plus "encrypt my home dir" (ecryptfs)

 15:38 <slangasek> ah

 15:38 <pitti> or just plain simple partitioning plus ecryptfs

 15:38 <ogra_> pitti, just keep in mind that no swap at all makes the kernel behave differently ...

 15:38 <slangasek> so the decision of whether to enable swap at install time should in no way be based on whether the average user noticed they didn't have swap

 15:38 <ogra_> (in case you consider dropping swap altogether)

 15:39 <slangasek> the average user shouldn't need to know what swap is, and the decision of whether to enable it for the user should be based on whether it gives the best user experience

 15:39 <pitti> ogra_: well, it wasn't an active decision -- those were years old bugs in ecryptfs/ubiquity which only surfaced with the systemd transition

 15:39 <barry> is it even possible to go back and fix all those installs that effectively have no swap, say in some kind of update?

 15:39 <ogra_> pitti, right, it looked to me you are discussing a future default though

 15:39 <pitti> right, so there's various alternatives: only configure swap partition with < 4 GB of RAM

 15:39 <pitti> or do away with having to decide about static swap at installer time and do dynamic swap

 15:40 <slangasek> pitti: where does this 4GB number come from?  Sounds arbitrary to me :)

 15:40 <pitti> ogra_: yes, it made me wonder whether "swap partition" is still a good answer

 15:40 <pitti> slangasek: exactly

 15:40 <infinity> pitti: I use far more than 4G normally. :P

 15:40 <pitti> OTOH, creating 32 GB of swap space on a 16 GB RAM system is just an utter waste

 15:40 <pitti> (by the old "twice your RAM" rule of thumb)

 15:40 <slangasek> I have 8GB of RAM, and I have a swap partition, and I want a good reason if you're going to take it away ;)

 15:40 <pitti> (not sure what partman does, though)

 15:40 <infinity> partman-swap is a little smarter than that.

 15:40 <slangasek> pitti: that's clearly not the right rule of thumb for high-mem systems, but that means we should fix the rule of thumb, not remove swap

 15:41 <infinity> I think it's "twice your RAM up to X, then a set value" or something.

 15:41 <pitti> yeah, I'm sure it does, but I wanted to get a feeling what you think about replacing it with dynamic swap files

 15:41 <slangasek> pitti: take out the "dynamic" and yes

 15:41 <slangasek> any swap file is "dynamic" in the sense that the user can "easily" resize it

 15:41 <infinity> I think files are probably the right answer (except maybe for servers, but serious server people tend to write their own recipes anyway).

 15:41 <slangasek> but we don't need to support it being dynamic initially

 15:41 <pitti> well, "swap file" gets rid of this ever-breaking ecryptfs-setup-swap; but "dynamic" is really half the point here

 15:42 <pitti> (FWIW, I don't know what swapfile does exactly, I just got told an hour or so ago by kirkland that it's on-demand in some fashion)

 15:42 <infinity> pitti: How does dynamic work?  When we're hitting the wall, does it just add another swapfile, and delete it when we don't need it anymore?

 15:42 <pitti> err, "swapspace" is the package, not swapfile

 15:42 <slangasek> pitti: I think it'd be a good idea if you chatted with cjwatson to understand what the blockers were for us never having switched to swap files (aside from ENOTIME)

 15:43 <pitti> Small, stable system add-on that continuously and automatically adapts

 15:43 <infinity> slangasek: I'd guess ENOTIME, and also fragmentation/speed concerns on rotary disks.

 15:43 <pitti> available virtual memory space to your actual memory needs.  Claims disk space

 15:43 <pitti> for use as swap space when needed; frees it up for use by the filesystem when

 15:43 <pitti> not needed.

 15:43 <pitti> well, the other thing is I don't want to "own" this project -- I'm oversubscribed already

 15:44 <pitti> but since this doesn't seem to be unanimous, I guess I just crawl back into my corner :)

 15:44 <pitti> (it really seemed to me like a case of "OMG nobody threw this out yet?")

 15:44 <pitti> but if people are still using it, so be it

 15:44 <tyhicks> it would be nice to remove swap partition setup goop from ecryptfs-utils

 15:45 <tyhicks> (thanks for fixing ecryptfs-setup-swap, pitti :)

 15:45 <tyhicks> I don't think we can do away with swap completely

 15:45 <pitti> tyhicks: fingers crossed that this is the last bug :)

 15:45 <slangasek> pitti: I think there's a consensus for moving to a swap partition.  I think having a *daemon* trying to manage the size of your swap at runtime is crazypants

 15:45 <slangasek> sorry, moving to a swap /file/

 15:45 <pitti> slangasek: file? ah yes

 15:45 <tyhicks> pitti: where would the swapfile be stored? does swapfile handle encryption?

 15:46 <pitti> tyhicks: I don't know anything about swapspace, so I don't know

 15:46 <pitti> kirkland looked into it some time ago and felt that it was worth taking a look

 15:47 <pitti> but if it's anything like a swap file it would just use the underlying fs' encryption

 15:47 <tyhicks> but encrypted home is per-user

 15:47 <pitti> well, not *that* encryption (ecryptfs)

 15:47 <tyhicks> we can't put the swapfile in /home/foo/

 15:47 <pitti> e-s-swapspace is cryptsetup

 15:47 <tyhicks> ah, ok

 15:47 <pitti> no, should probably be in /var/cache or so

 15:48 <pitti> or maybe swapspace is even just using unallocated blocks

 15:48 <infinity> Obviously, you should just put your swapfile in a tmpfs, so it's zapped on power loss and you don't care about encryption.  Duh.

 15:48 <pitti> infinity: that's a *great* idea!

 15:48 <infinity> pitti: I KNOW.

 15:48 <pitti> what was the name of that? memdouble or so (from DOS times)

 15:48 <slangasek> I'm not sure tmpfs has the right semantics for this.  Maybe we should use overlayfs for it

 15:48 <infinity> We have that too, it's called zram!

 15:48 <infinity> And works quite well.

 15:49 <pitti> and then you recursively use it 8 times, problem solved

 15:49 <slangasek> that way we only have to store the delta of the memory

 15:49 <pitti> ok, I think we're through with this discussion :)

 15:49 <tyhicks> "tmpfs puts everything into the kernel internal caches and grows and

 15:49 <tyhicks> shrinks to accommodate the files it contains and is able to swap

 15:49 <tyhicks> unneeded pages out to swap space."

 15:49 <tyhicks> https://www.kernel.org/doc/Documentation/filesystems/tmpfs.txt

 15:49 <tyhicks> infinity: I know you were joking, but that would make for a fun test :)

 15:50 <infinity> tyhicks: Yeahp, and swapping to yourself is awesome.

 15:50 <slangasek> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)