== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 05 Feb at 16:00 &mdash; 16:20 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2015/ubuntu-meeting.2015-02-05-16.00.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning round ===
The discussion about "Lightning round" started at 16:01.


=== AOB ===
The discussion about "AOB" started at 16:17.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * mvo (40)
 * bdmurray (20)
 * ubottu (16)
 * sil2100 (15)
 * cyphermox (12)
 * jodh (10)
 * barry (10)
 * slangasek (9)
 * robru (9)
 * doko (8)
 * caribou (7)
 * stgraber (4)
 * meetingology (3)



== Full Log ==


 16:00 <mvo> #startmeeting

 16:00 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Feb  5 16:00:51 2015 UTC.  The chair is mvo. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:00 <meetingology> 

 16:00 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 16:01 <mvo> [TOPIC] Lightning round

 16:01 <mvo> $ echo $(shuf -e barry doko stgraber jodh bdmurray slangasek caribou infinity mvo sil2100 robru cyphermox)

 16:01 <mvo> sil2100 jodh caribou stgraber bdmurray slangasek mvo doko barry infinity cyphermox robru

 16:01 <sil2100> Oh crap

 16:01 <sil2100> - Landing team work, silos coordination, preparing landing e-mails

 16:01 <sil2100> - Work on getting vivid and rtm smoketesting back online

 16:01 <sil2100> * Asking for a retarget of ubuntu-terminal-app to the /reboot

 16:01 <sil2100> * Fixing vcs-bzr-revno generation

 16:01 <sil2100> * Tracking down ubuntu-rtm/mako smoketesting issue

 16:01 <sil2100> - Trying to identify causes of various anding problems on Monday

 16:02 <sil2100> - Getting information regarding the snapshotting of the archive

 16:02 <sil2100> - The release of the great milestone image!

 16:02 <sil2100> - Performance Review in the HR system

 16:02 <sil2100> - Work on the distro diff automated scripts

 16:02 <sil2100> * Some of my previous work has been lost apparently so re-writing it better

 16:02 <sil2100> - Working on the spreadsheet tarball/click temporary tracking

 16:02 <sil2100> * Trying to clean up some things on the spreadsheet

 16:02 <sil2100> (done)

 16:02 <jodh> * snappy:

 16:02 <jodh> - Code reviews.

 16:02 <jodh> - Got "snappy update" working in go branch.

 16:02 <jodh> - Lots of testing for bug 1414251.

 16:02 <ubottu> bug 1414251 in snappy-ubuntu "does not boot on bare metal amd64/i386" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1414251

 16:02 <jodh> - Improved bindmount handing for updates.

 16:02 <jodh> - Meeting with mvo+barry on how to remove need for

 16:02 <jodh> ReloadConfiguration() system-image call.

 16:02 <jodh> - Working on code to verify the upgrade.

 16:02 <jodh> - Currently reworking tests for lp:~jamesodhunt/snappy/remove-lsblk.

 16:02 <jodh> ⚰

 16:03 <mvo> no caribou it seems

 16:03 <mvo> stgraber: ?

 16:04 * stgraber waves

 16:04 <bdmurray> mvo: I think he has another meeting.

 16:04 <stgraber> sprinted last week, released LXC 1.1 on Friday, flew to CPT

 16:04 <stgraber> been having meetings about LXD and snappy all week

 16:04 <stgraber> that's about it :)

 16:05 <bdmurray> fixed error tracker package crash rate django version upgrade issue

 16:05 <bdmurray> modified phased-updater / errors to better calculate rate of crashes

 16:05 <bdmurray> tested phased-updater with errors code on staging (good)

 16:05 <bdmurray> submitted RT to have errors code updated in production (deployed)

 16:05 <bdmurray> submitted merge proposal with changes to phased-updater and pup parameter at errors for ubutnu-archive-tools

 16:05 <bdmurray> submitted RT to get access to staging cassandra database

 16:05 <bdmurray> modified the retracers to catch / raise more traceback to python-oops

 16:05 <bdmurray> submitted RTs to have daisy updated on the staging / production retracers to catch apport crashes

 16:05 <bdmurray> submitted RT to have access to port 9042 on cassandra servers for CQL / cassandra driver

 16:05 <bdmurray> worked on code (using CQL) to backfill counters for channel and device information

 16:05 <bdmurray> helped pstolowski sort out issues with his libunity-scope-api apport package hook

 16:05 <bdmurray> wrote a test case for bug LP: #1412909 (samba upgrade)

 16:05 <bdmurray> wrote a test case for bug LP: #1217407 (whoopsie spams log with online)

 16:05 <bdmurray> uploaded V fix and SRUs for T and U fixing whoopsie bug LP: #1217407

 16:05 <bdmurray> irc discussion with cyphermox regarding ubiquity bugs and apt-cdrom ident

 16:05 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1412909 in samba (Ubuntu) "Please raise Suggests for lib{pam,nss}-winbind to Recommends in trusty" [Medium,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1412909

 16:05 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1217407 in whoopsie (Ubuntu Utopic) "whoopsie spams the log with "online" messages" [Low,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1217407

 16:05 <bdmurray> fixed bugbot to check for casper before saying the media is invalid

 16:05 <bdmurray> submitted apport merge proposal fixing bug LP: #1084979

 16:05 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1084979 in apport (Ubuntu) "Submitting error report asks confounding questions" [Medium,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1084979

 16:05 <bdmurray> SRU team training of tjaalton

 16:05 <bdmurray> ✔ done

 16:05 <mvo> bdmurray: oh, a new sru team member? NICE

 16:06 <slangasek> \o/

 16:06 <slangasek> so here-ish

 16:06 <slangasek> also sprinting this week in CPT

 16:06 <slangasek> updating edk2 to give us EFI firmware for arm64, which will unblock being able to put arm64 hardware in scaling stack / canonistack

 16:07 <slangasek> being reminded by infinity et al that I should really finish the console-setup merge this cycle

 16:07 <slangasek> looked into issue with packages incorrectly making it through the ci-train without Ubuntu-dev signoff

 16:07 <slangasek> that's about all to report for now

 16:07 <slangasek> (done)

 16:08 <mvo> misc:

 16:08 <mvo> - patch review/sponsoring for update-manager, ubuntu-release-upgrader, unattended-upgrades, synaptic, squid-deb-proxy

 16:08 <mvo> - send patch to build util-linux with libudev-dev to fix lsblk as non-root

 16:08 <mvo> snappy:

 16:08 <mvo> - lots of work (code, branch review, addressing code review comments) on go port, it makes good progress and can install snaps now

 16:08 <mvo> - debug/fix dbus signal mishandling in go-dbus #1416328

 16:08 <mvo> - debug/debug-more/discuss/workaround go-dbus bug #1416352

 16:08 <ubottu> bug 1416352 in go-dbus "go-dbus hangs when method call generates signals" [Undecided,Won't fix] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1416352

 16:08 <mvo> - report system-image #1416328

 16:08 <mvo> - some fixes for networkless operations

 16:08 <mvo> - write up SnappyConfig spec

 16:08 <mvo> - write go bindings for atexit() and learn that go uses _exit(2)

 16:08 <mvo> (done)

 16:08 <caribou> mvo: o/

 16:08 <mvo> hey caribou do you want to go now before doko?

 16:09 <caribou> mvo: sure, little to say

 16:09 <caribou> Apport upstream work merged upstream

 16:09 <caribou> Makedumpfile :

 16:09 <caribou> - Add Firmware assisted dump support for ppc64el

 16:09 <caribou> CUPS : backported upstream fix & sent to Debian / vivid

 16:09 <caribou> (done)

 16:10 <barry> no doko ?

 16:11 <mvo> I saw him!

 16:11 <mvo> doko: ?

 16:11 <mvo> barry: I thnk you should go and we push doko after robru

 16:11 <mvo> think

 16:11 <doko> - work on LP: #1417664, scopes workaround, test case reduction, GCC workaround, GCC upstream fix

 16:11 <doko> - fix gcc-4.7 and gcc-4.8 build failures

 16:11 <doko> - fix GCC cross build failures

 16:11 <doko> - work on a Linaro regression on arm64

 16:11 <doko> - updated gcc-5 packages

 16:11 <doko> - finally started both test rebuilds

 16:11 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1417664 in unity-scopes-shell (Ubuntu) "Unity8 build causes internal compiler error on armhf" [Critical,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1417664

 16:11 <doko> (done)

 16:11 <barry> system-image: getting close to 3.0 release.  need to work w/mandel on some udm issues and finish up a few more features for snappy.  had discussions w/mvo & jodh about ReloadConfiguration() and decided we don't need to port that (we can do equivalent in another, less racy way).  LP: #1417176

 16:11 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1417176 in Ubuntu system image "Add D-Bus signal Applied()" [High,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1417176

 16:11 <barry> snappy: chats 'n stuff

 16:11 * doko pushes mvo

 16:11 <barry> debuntu: debian bug 776267 & pypi issue 228 (package directory listings going away, breaking all d/watch files.  various discussions leading to a redirector: http://pypi.debian.net - e.g. http://pypi.debian.net/wheel/watch )

 16:11 <ubottu> Debian bug 776267 in lintian "lintian: Add check for unsupported PyPI URL in debian/watch" [Wishlist,Open] http://bugs.debian.org/776267

 16:11 * mvo hugs doko

 16:12 <barry> --done--

 16:12 <mvo> barry: will s-i 3.0 reply to dbus events while its downloading using pycurl?

 16:12 <slangasek> mvo: that way if you go over the edge doko comes with you? ;)

 16:12 <mvo> barry: I think I filed a bug about this

 16:12 <mvo> slangasek: haha

 16:12 <barry> mvo: yes, i believe so

 16:13 <barry> mvo: do you have a bug#?

 16:13 <mvo> barry: yes, give me a sec

 16:13 <mvo> barry: bug 1416328

 16:13 <ubottu> bug 1416328 in system-image (Ubuntu) "Does not reply on dbus when busy (e.g. downloading)" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1416328

 16:13 <mvo> barry: but its probably my bug from  the initial/early pycurl code

 16:14 <barry> mvo: let me triage it and i'll investigate

 16:14 <mvo> thanks

 16:15 <robru> no infinity apparently, cyphermox ?

 16:15 <barry> mvo: thanks for the test case! :)

 16:15 * cyphermox pushes infinity out of the way

 16:15 <cyphermox> * more reviews for MATE: ubuntu-mate-settings, ubuntu-mate-artwork, yuyo-gtk-theme

 16:15 <cyphermox> - needs a second pair of eyes for upload, since these are new packages.

 16:15 <cyphermox> * MP done to enable MATE in ubuntu-cdimage, waiting for review.

 16:15 <cyphermox> * Investigated bug 1386153; behavior between live and only-ubiquity preseeded installs.

 16:15 <cyphermox> * quickly consulted for jgdx on NM/ofono interaction questions.

 16:15 <ubottu> bug 1386153 in ubiquity (Ubuntu) "Inconsistent behaviour between 2 ways of launching Ubiquity" [Low,Incomplete] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1386153

 16:15 <cyphermox> * bug 1386131: prompt for crypto passphrase in automated installed when not preseeded.

 16:15 <cyphermox> * fixed NM bug 1416635 (crash with bluetooth+ofono for some devices recognized as hfp)

 16:15 <cyphermox> * investigated bug 1418109; but so far not reproduced.

 16:15 <ubottu> bug 1386131 in ubiquity (Ubuntu) "Preseeding encrypted lvm fails instead of asking for password" [Medium,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1386131

 16:16 <ubottu> bug 1416635 in network-manager (Ubuntu) "NetworkManager crashed with signal 5 in ASSERT_VALID_PATH_COMPONENT()" [High,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1416635

 16:16 <ubottu> bug 1418109 in ubiquity (Ubuntu) "Trusty: OEM mode user password dialog box is missing" [Medium,Incomplete] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1418109

 16:16 <cyphermox> * started work on a fix for ubiquity bug 1418105 (wifi password left from oem session)

 16:16 <cyphermox> * investigating plymouth bugs 1386005 and 1359689

 16:16 <ubottu> bug 1418105 in ubiquity (Ubuntu) "Trusty: testing .2 the oem session on i386 leaves the oem wifi password in place" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1418105

 16:16 <ubottu> bug 1386005 in plymouth (Ubuntu) "Password not accepted graphical boot for encrypted root system" [Critical,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1386005

 16:16 <ubottu> bug 1359689 in plymouth (Ubuntu) "cryptsetup password prompt not shown" [Critical,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1359689

 16:16 <cyphermox> (done)

 16:16 <robru> * finally succeeded in rolling out new production instance of ci-train built on brand new charm, new mojo spec, migrated from precise to trusty, with a new version of jenkins.

 16:16 <robru> * fixed various regressions caused by new rollout

 16:16 <robru> - fixed assign/reconfigure silo job shows only white page when job triggered

 16:16 <robru> - fixed assign/reconfigure silo job missing spaces between MP urls if newlines were used in spreadsheet

 16:16 <robru> - fixed assign/reconfigure silo job giving a 404 when user not logged into jenkins -- job now auto-logs in when necessary.

 16:16 <robru> - fixed publish job incorrectly skipping certain packages for publication.

 16:16 <robru> * and as always, landings, landings, landings.

 16:16 <robru> (done)

 16:16 <mvo> barry: sure, its even copy-pastable :P

 16:16 <barry> :)

 16:17 <mvo> [TOPIC] AOB

 16:17 <mvo> do we have any?

 16:19 <mvo> apparently not

 16:20 <mvo> 3

 16:20 <mvo> 2

 16:20 <mvo> 1

 16:20 <mvo> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)