== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 28 Sep at 16:41 &mdash; 17:04 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2015/ubuntu-meeting.2015-09-28-16.41.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting 
=== Weekly stand-up report ===
The discussion about "Weekly stand-up report" started at 16:42.


=== Highlighted packages ===
The discussion about "Highlighted packages" started at 16:58.

  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/jabberd2.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/revelation.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/c-icap.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/iscsitarget.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/tpp.html 

=== Miscellaneous and Questions ===
The discussion about "Miscellaneous and Questions" started at 17:00.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * jdstrand (28)
 * sbeattie (7)
 * mdeslaur (5)
 * jjohansen (5)
 * sarnold (4)
 * chrisccoulson (4)
 * meetingology (3)



== Full Log ==


 16:41 <jdstrand> #startmeeting

 16:41 <meetingology> Meeting started Mon Sep 28 16:41:07 2015 UTC.  The chair is jdstrand. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:41 <meetingology> 

 16:41 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 16:41 <jdstrand> The meeting agenda can be found at:

 16:41 <jdstrand> [LINK] https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting

 16:42 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Weekly stand-up report

 16:42 <jdstrand> I'll go first

 16:42 <jdstrand> this week I'm working on snappy documentation

 16:43 <jdstrand> when helping someone with framework policy for a snap, I discovered that snappy's dbus bus policy implementation is not sufficient (not surprising, but now we have details to move forward)

 16:43 <jdstrand> I need to file a bug with ideas on how to solve that so the snappy guys can get it fixed

 16:44 <jdstrand> I have a couple of review tools issues to fix

 16:44 <jdstrand> helping the golang, juju, and lxd MIRs along

 16:44 <jdstrand> and an embargoed issue

 16:46 <jdstrand> fyi, ty hicks is out this week sprinting

 16:46 <jdstrand> mdeslaur: you're up

 16:46 <mdeslaur> I just released nvidia drivers

 16:46 <mdeslaur> and I'm working on php5 updates

 16:46 <mdeslaur> I have a few other updates to test

 16:46 <mdeslaur> and that's probably it for this week, as I'm on vacation for the next two weeks

 16:47 <mdeslaur> that's it from me, sbeattie

 16:47 <sbeattie> mdeslaur: nice!

 16:47 <sbeattie> I'm covering community for ty hicks this week while he's sprinting

 16:47 <sarnold> mdeslaur: nice :)

 16:47 <sbeattie> I have an embargoed issue this week

 16:48 <sbeattie> I'm also working on gcc-5 pie stuff

 16:48 <sbeattie> I have some outstanding apparmor patches to review.

 16:48 <sbeattie> that's pretty much my week.

 16:49 <sbeattie> jjohansen: I think you're up?

 16:49 <jjohansen> I am working on breaking the world

 16:50 <jdstrand> sbeattie: how close are we to putting gcc-5 pie to done?

 16:50 <jjohansen> that is kernel work on stacking and its related items

 16:51 <jjohansen> I have some bug fixes to pull together too, that need to get pushed out to various kernels

 16:51 <jdstrand> jjohansen: after the meeting can we sync super quick on that?

 16:51 <jjohansen> jdstrand: sure

 16:53 <jjohansen> should I pause for sbeattie, or just poke sarnold

 16:53 <jdstrand> I think moving ahead is fine

 16:53 <sarnold> I'm on bug  triage this week and working on the lxd MIR

 16:54 <sarnold> I'll try to poke at some apparmor patches for a change of pace

 16:54 <sarnold> I think that's it for me, chrisccoulson?

 16:55 <chrisccoulson> I shall be doing a thunderbird update this week. That's the only planned update I have :)

 16:55 <chrisccoulson> So I'll be hoping to make some progress on Oxide (I investigated some memory use issues last  week, and have just finished adding support for HTML notifications)

 16:57 <chrisccoulson> I would like to start figuring out what https://blueprints.launchpad.net/oxide/+spec/site-settings is going to look like

 16:57 <chrisccoulson> I think that's me done

 16:58 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Highlighted packages

 16:59 <jdstrand> The Ubuntu Security team will highlight some community-supported packages that might be good candidates for updating and or triaging. If you would like to help Ubuntu and not sure where to start, this is a great way to do so.

 16:59 <jdstrand> See https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/UpdateProcedures for details and if you have any questions, feel free to ask in #ubuntu-security. To find out other ways of helping out, please see https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/GettingInvolved.

 16:59 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/jabberd2.html

 16:59 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/revelation.html

 16:59 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/c-icap.html

 16:59 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/iscsitarget.html

 16:59 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/tpp.html

 17:00 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Miscellaneous and Questions

 17:00 <jdstrand> Does anyone have any other questions or items to discuss?

 17:03 <jdstrand> mdeslaur, sbeattie, jjohansen, sarnold and chrisccoulson: thanks!

 17:04 <jdstrand> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)