== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 23 Feb at 16:36 &mdash; 17:04 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2015/ubuntu-meeting.2015-02-23-16.36.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting 
=== Announcements ===
The discussion about "Announcements" started at 16:37.


=== Weekly stand-up report ===
The discussion about "Weekly stand-up report" started at 16:37.


=== Highlighted packages ===
The discussion about "Highlighted packages" started at 17:01.

  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/ckeditor.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/obby.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/zookeeper.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/davfs2.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/gambas3.html 

=== Miscellaneous and Questions ===
The discussion about "Miscellaneous and Questions" started at 17:02.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * tyhicks (40)
 * jjohansen (11)
 * sbeattie (9)
 * jdstrand (8)
 * chrisccoulson (6)
 * mdeslaur (5)
 * sarnold (4)
 * ubottu (3)
 * meetingology (3)



== Full Log ==


 16:36 <tyhicks> #startmeeting

 16:36 <meetingology> Meeting started Mon Feb 23 16:36:48 2015 UTC.  The chair is tyhicks. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:36 <meetingology> 

 16:36 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 16:36 <tyhicks> The meeting agenda can be found at:

 16:36 <tyhicks> [LINK] https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting

 16:37 <tyhicks> [TOPIC] Announcements

 16:37 <tyhicks> Chris Pollock provided a debdiff for lucid for ClamAV (LP: #1420819). Your work is very much appreciated and will keep Ubuntu users secure. Great job! Smile :)

 16:37 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1420819 in clamav (Ubuntu) "ClamAV 0.98.6 security update for Lucid" [Medium,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1420819

 16:37 <tyhicks> [TOPIC] Weekly stand-up report

 16:37 <tyhicks> jdstrand: you're up

 16:38 <jdstrand> hi!

 16:39 <jdstrand> I plan on focusing on snappy this week. specifically, hw access

 16:39 <jdstrand> I need to also update the SnappyConfinement spec since it is out of date

 16:39 <jdstrand> tyhicks: we need to discuss overlayfs with slangasek sometime soon

 16:40 <jdstrand> tyhicks: we don't have to plan that now, but let's discuss after the meeting

 16:40 * tyhicks nods

 16:40 <jdstrand> I also need to get to some review tools changes

 16:41 <jdstrand> I'll move on to other bits after that (frameworks, fingerprint, etc)

 16:41 <jdstrand> I think that's it from me

 16:42 <tyhicks> thanks

 16:42 <tyhicks> mdeslaur: your turn

 16:43 <mdeslaur> I'm currently testing the samba updates

 16:43 <mdeslaur> I plan on publishing samba and e2fsprogs updates today

 16:44 <mdeslaur> and some ca-certificates updates with a new bundle in them

 16:44 <mdeslaur> after that, I'm going to work on freetype updates

 16:44 <mdeslaur> that's it for me, sbeattie, you're up

 16:44 <sbeattie> I'm on cve triage this week, so relearning that.

 16:45 <tyhicks> :)

 16:45 <sbeattie> I need to push for sponsorship of apparmor and apparmor-easyprof-ubuntu into vivid, after completing testing of that last week

 16:46 <sbeattie> I've uploaded gcc-5 packages with pie by default and set as the default compiler to https://launchpad.net/~sbeattie/+archive/ubuntu/gcc-pie-amd64/, and will be testing those.

 16:46 <sbeattie> (gcc-5 is the planned compiler for vivid+1)

 16:46 <sbeattie> that's pretty much it for me.

 16:46 <chrisccoulson> fantastic, I look forward to fixing the fall out of that in oxide :)

 16:47 <tyhicks> sbeattie: nice!

 16:47 <sbeattie> chrisccoulson: it will be awesome, I assure, based on some of the gcc-5 breakage I've seen already.

 16:47 <chrisccoulson> sbeattie, I'll just assign all bugs to doko

 16:47 <sbeattie> hehe

 16:47 <sbeattie> tyhicks: you're up.

 16:48 <tyhicks> I will retest and publish ecryptfs-utils security updates after the changes get acked for merging upstream

 16:48 <tyhicks> I need to review and test an ecryptfs kernel fix from cking (thanks!)

 16:49 <tyhicks> I need to dig into an ecryptfs data loss issue on btrfs

 16:49 <tyhicks> I'll propose a v2 of the libapparmor API changes this week

 16:50 <tyhicks> and I need to review some overlayfs related changes that went into 4.0-rc1 over the weekend

 16:51 <tyhicks> they look like they might be related to a patch set that jjohansen and I thought may fix some of the issues that we are seeing with overlayfs and apparmor

 16:51 <tyhicks> that'll feed into the discussion that jdstrand mentioned above

 16:51 <tyhicks> that's it for me

 16:51 <tyhicks> jjohansen: you're up

 16:52 <jjohansen> I need to dig into why the fd inheritance tests are dying on krillin bug 1423810

 16:52 <jjohansen> poke someone again to verify the fix for bug 1408833 works for them, so I can push it to the kt.

 16:52 <jjohansen> Hopefully get a discussion of v2 libapparmor aa_features API in

 16:52 <ubottu> bug 1423810 in apparmor (Ubuntu) "[krillin] apparmor fd_inheritance regression test causes kernel to crash" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1423810

 16:52 <ubottu> bug 1408833 in AppArmor "broken postinst test for uvtool-libvirt on utopic" [Undecided,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1408833

 16:53 <jjohansen> It looks like I might need to possibly poke at some overlayfs changes

 16:54 <jjohansen> and of course I have apparmor kernel cleanups for upstream to continue working

 16:54 <jjohansen> on

 16:54 <jjohansen> I think that is it for me, sarnold you're up

 16:54 <tyhicks> jjohansen: are you making much progress on the upstreaming work or has there been too many other distractions popping up?

 16:55 <jjohansen> tyhicks: less progress than I would like, there have been a fair few distractions, but it depends on the week

 16:55 <tyhicks> ok

 16:56 <jjohansen> I need to focus on getting a first set of patches together to push this next cycle

 16:56 <tyhicks> that'd be great

 16:56 <jjohansen> yeah

 16:56 <tyhicks> especially now that AA mediation landed in upstream D-Bus

 16:56 <tyhicks> folks will want to start using that soon :)

 16:56 <tyhicks> go ahead, sarnold

 16:57 <jjohansen> oh yes, and a big congratulations to tyhicks on pushing that through

 16:57 <sbeattie> +1

 16:57 <sarnold> I'm on community this week; I'm working on several MIRs for the server team, horizon security update, and talking with ibm about the ppc64-diag mir review from a few weeks ago

 16:57 <sarnold> tyhicks: hehe, yes, congratulations :)

 16:57 <tyhicks> thanks! :)

 16:58 <sarnold> I might get an apparmor patch or two reviewed in the meantime for some variety, but I'm not likely to make it through an entire patch series.

 16:58 <sarnold> that's it for me, chrisccoulson?

 16:58 <chrisccoulson> I should be back to a normal working routine this week

 16:58 <chrisccoulson> I've got Firefox + Thunderbird updates to do

 16:59 <chrisccoulson> And other than that, I'll be working on embargoed stuff

 16:59 <chrisccoulson> that's me done

 17:01 <tyhicks> [TOPIC] Highlighted packages

 17:01 <tyhicks> The Ubuntu Security team will highlight some community-supported packages that might be good candidates for updating and or triaging. If you would like to help Ubuntu and not sure where to start, this is a great way to do so.

 17:01 <tyhicks> See https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/UpdateProcedures for details and if you have any questions, feel free to ask in #ubuntu-security. To find out other ways of helping out, please see https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/GettingInvolved.

 17:01 <tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/ckeditor.html

 17:01 <tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/obby.html

 17:01 <tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/zookeeper.html

 17:02 <tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/davfs2.html

 17:02 <tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/gambas3.html

 17:02 <tyhicks> [TOPIC] Miscellaneous and Questions

 17:02 <tyhicks> Does anyone have any other questions or items to discuss?

 17:04 <tyhicks> jdstrand, mdeslaur, sbeattie, jjohansen, chrisccoulson: Thanks!

 17:04 <tyhicks> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)