== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 13 Aug at 19:08 &mdash; 20:19 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2018/ubuntu-meeting.2018-08-13-19.08.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Review of previous action items ===
The discussion about "Review of previous action items" started at 19:09.

 * '''Unit193 MOTU application''' (19:11)

=== Unit193 MOTU application ===
The discussion about "Unit193 MOTU application" started at 19:11.

  * ''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/Unit193/MOTU <- application
  * ''Vote:'' Please vote on: Unit193 MOTU application (Carried)
  * ''Vote:'' Please vote on: Unit193 PPU right for irssi (Carried)

=== tsimonq2 Coredev application ===
The discussion about "tsimonq2 Coredev application" started at 19:53.

  * ''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/tsimonq2/Applications/CoreDeveloper 
  * ''Vote:'' Please vote on: Simon Quigley (tsimonq2) coredev application (Carried)

=== AOB before the end ===
The discussion about "AOB before the end" started at 20:18.




== Vote results ==

 * [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2018/ubuntu-meeting.2018-08-13-19.08.log.html#176 Please vote on: Simon Quigley (tsimonq2) coredev application]]
  * Motion carried (For/Against/Abstained 3/0/0)
   *  Voters rbasak, slashd, sil2100
 * [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2018/ubuntu-meeting.2018-08-13-19.08.log.html#65 Please vote on: Unit193 MOTU application]]
  * Motion carried (For/Against/Abstained 4/0/0)
   *  Voters rbasak, slashd, sil2100, tsimonq2
 * [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2018/ubuntu-meeting.2018-08-13-19.08.log.html#93 Please vote on: Unit193 PPU right for irssi]]
  * Motion carried (For/Against/Abstained 5/0/0)
   *  Voters rbasak, slashd, sil2100, cyphermox, tsimonq2



== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * tsimonq2 (50)
 * slashd (43)
 * meetingology (30)
 * rbasak (26)
 * sil2100 (22)
 * Unit193 (19)
 * cyphermox (8)
 * acheronuk (2)
 * DalekSec (1)
 * ubottu (1)



== Full Log ==


 19:08 <slashd> #startmeeting

 19:08 <meetingology> Meeting started Mon Aug 13 19:08:56 2018 UTC.  The chair is slashd. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 19:08 <meetingology> 

 19:08 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 19:09 <slashd> #topic Review of previous action items

 19:09 <slashd> *rbasak to handle setting up PPU for blackboxsw

 19:09 <slashd> *rbasak to handle setting up PPU for blackboxsw, everything good with that ?

 19:11 <rbasak> Done

 19:11 <slashd> #subtopic Unit193 MOTU application

 19:11 <slashd> #topic Unit193 MOTU application

 19:11 <slashd> There is no date on the application, and AFAIK Unit193 doesn't seems to be in the channel as we speak.

 19:11 <slashd> I guess we can go straight to tsimonq2

 19:12 <acheronuk> DalekSec = Unit193 AFAIK

 19:12 <DalekSec> slashd: Kind of am.

 19:12 * acheronuk shuts up

 19:12 <slashd> ok my apologize

 19:12 <slashd> Unit193, can you introduce yourself

 19:13 <Unit193> slashd: Hah, nah that's fine.

 19:14 <tsimonq2> ¯\_(ツ)_/¯

 19:14 <Unit193> Hi, I'm Unit 193, I'm an Xubuntu developer (hence the Xubuntu packageset) but I also have an interest in areas outside of Xubuntu, though tend to stick to the fringe packages.  I'm currently a DM and going through the DD process.

 19:16 <slashd> any questions for Unit193 ?

 19:18 * rbasak catches up

 19:19 <sil2100> https://wiki.ubuntu.com/Unit193/MOTU <- application

 19:19 <rbasak> Sorry, I hadn't reviewed applications in advance because I didn't know what we'd be handling when

 19:19 <slashd> take your time

 19:20 <rbasak> tsimonq2 says he's on the wrong side of a netsplit?

 19:21 <rbasak> Unit193: can you remember a time you were surprised by a sponsor's review feedback?

 19:24 <Unit193> rbasak: In a positive or negative way?  I'm presuming restricted to Ubuntu, let me take a look at sponsorships to remind me.

 19:26 <rbasak> Unit193: either - any way that caused you to have to change your upload

 19:26 <Unit193> There's been a time or two when I was slightly surprised that a merge was accepted.

 19:26 <Unit193> Ah.

 19:28 <tsimonq2> Unit193: When you say you were surprised to see a merge accepted, did you ask for sponsorship knowing it was a bad merge?

 19:28 <Unit193> I poked at assaultcube a few times in early 2017, it had some weird interactions on odd arches.

 19:28 <sil2100> Unit193: once you're done with this question - what changes are allowed to be uploaded to the development series after User Interface Freeze? Which not?

 19:29 <Unit193> tsimonq2: No, it wasn't "bad", just when I wouldn't have thought Ubuntu would jump ahead of Debian or diverge.

 19:29 <tsimonq2> Unit193: Ah.

 19:30 <Unit193> sil2100: Well, as the name would imply, things that change strings/the look are generally not accceptable, though bugfixes would still be.

 19:30 <tsimonq2> Unit193: So when you're done with sil2100's question, when is it appropriate to diverge from Debian?

 19:30 <Unit193> UI freeze is after FF, so that also of course is implied.

 19:31 <sil2100> Unit193: what if a bugfix would involve changing a visible string in the application? What about that?

 19:31 <sil2100> Can someone still do something to get such a bugfix in?

 19:33 <Unit193> sil2100: One can get approval from the release team, this would *mainly* apply to things installed by default.

 19:33 <cyphermox> argh. sorry, what did I miss?

 19:34 <slashd> cyphermox, do you need to backlog discussion ?

 19:34 <sil2100> Unit193: does anyone else need to know about the incoming change, if approved by the release team?

 19:34 <slashd> the backlog ^

 19:34 <cyphermox> slashd: I'll pull logs

 19:34 <slashd> cyphermox, ok otherwise I can send it to you in private

 19:34 <Unit193> sil2100: Any docs or translation teams, though the latter doesn't usually apply often to universe.

 19:35 <sil2100> Unit193: thanks o/

 19:36 <rbasak> Unit193: did you answer my question above please? I was hoping for a specific example.

 19:36 <Unit193> (Those translations tend to come from upstream exclusivly, so might well be part of whatever string fix you're trying to get approval for.)

 19:36 <Unit193> rbasak: The only example I could think of off the top of my head was assaultcube.

 19:37 <Unit193> A second upload was done to fix ppc64el.

 19:38 <rbasak> Oh, I see, thanks

 19:40 <slashd> Unit193, Are you familliar with proposed-migration update_output.txt ? and in which situation it might be useful to have a look ?

 19:42 <Unit193> slashd: Yes, and figuring out what's blocking something from exiting proposed.

 19:43 <Unit193> If you do an upload at a bad time and hit a perl migration, or a failing apport autopkgtest.

 19:43 <slashd> thanks

 19:43 <slashd> Any other question guys ?

 19:43 <slashd> cyphermox ?

 19:44 <tsimonq2> None here.

 19:44 * sil2100 is good

 19:45 <slashd> ok let's move on with the vote then

 19:45 <slashd> #vote Please vote on: Unit193 MOTU application

 19:45 <meetingology> Please vote on: Please vote on: Unit193 MOTU application

 19:45 <meetingology> Public votes can be registered by saying +1, +0 or -1 in channel, (for private voting, private message me with 'vote +1/-1/+0 #channelname)

 19:45 <tsimonq2> +1 keep up the good work!

 19:45 <meetingology> +1 keep up the good work! received from tsimonq2

 19:46 <rbasak> +1

 19:46 <meetingology> +1 received from rbasak

 19:46 <slashd> +1

 19:46 <meetingology> +1 received from slashd

 19:46 <sil2100> +1

 19:46 <meetingology> +1 received from sil2100

 19:47 <tsimonq2> cyphermox?

 19:47 <tsimonq2> (I think that's quorum, but still.)

 19:48 <tsimonq2> Bueller? :)

 19:48 <Unit193> Dang, forgot to do PPU for irssi.  Oh well.

 19:49 <tsimonq2> slashd: I don't know if cyphermox wants to vote but that's quorum.

 19:49 <slashd> #endvote

 19:49 <meetingology> Voting ended on: Please vote on: Unit193 MOTU application

 19:49 <meetingology> Votes for:4 Votes against:0 Abstentions:0

 19:49 <meetingology> Motion carried

 19:49 <rbasak> I'm also +1 to give you PPU for irssi if others are willing to vote for that now.

 19:49 <tsimonq2> ^

 19:50 <sil2100> We could

 19:50 <slashd> rbasak, should I open another vote ?

 19:50 <Unit193> slashd: Should likely explain first?

 19:50 <rbasak> slashd: if the chair so pleases :-P

 19:51 <rbasak> (IOW, if that's what we want to do, then sure)

 19:51 <slashd> I'm okay with it

 19:51 <slashd> #vote Please vote on: Unit193 PPU right for irssi

 19:51 <meetingology> Please vote on: Please vote on: Unit193 PPU right for irssi

 19:51 <meetingology> Public votes can be registered by saying +1, +0 or -1 in channel, (for private voting, private message me with 'vote +1/-1/+0 #channelname)

 19:51 <tsimonq2> +1

 19:51 <meetingology> +1 received from tsimonq2

 19:51 <rbasak> +1

 19:51 <meetingology> +1 received from rbasak

 19:51 <slashd> +1

 19:51 <meetingology> +1 received from slashd

 19:52 <sil2100> +1

 19:52 <meetingology> +1 received from sil2100

 19:52 <tsimonq2> Quorum. \o/

 19:52 <cyphermox> +1

 19:52 <meetingology> +1 received from cyphermox

 19:52 <slashd> #endvote

 19:52 <meetingology> Voting ended on: Please vote on: Unit193 PPU right for irssi

 19:52 <meetingology> Votes for:5 Votes against:0 Abstentions:0

 19:52 <meetingology> Motion carried

 19:52 <slashd> Unit193, congrats \o/

 19:52 <tsimonq2> Unit193: Congrats :)

 19:52 <Unit193> Well dang, thanks!

 19:52 <rbasak> Congratulations!

 19:52 <rbasak> I'll take the action items to sort out access/announcement.

 19:52 <slashd> tks rbasak

 19:53 <tsimonq2> My turn? ;)

 19:53 <slashd> #topic tsimonq2 Coredev application

 19:53 <tsimonq2> Hi, I'm Simon Quigley; 16 year old MOTU/Qt 5 Uploader, Lubuntu Release Manager/Main Developer, Director of Operations at Altispeed Technologies, and general Ubuntu superenthusiast. My full Ubuntu story is on my wiki page.

 19:53 <tsimonq2> Please note that my application was updated by mapreri (right before going on VAC; see debian-private) just now and acheronuk in the past day, so please do reread if you haven't seen the updates quite yet.

 19:53 <tsimonq2> https://wiki.ubuntu.com/tsimonq2/Applications/CoreDeveloper

 19:53 <rbasak> Will everyone be around long enough that we'll still have quroum at vote time?

 19:53 <slashd> I'll stay as long as needed.

 19:53 <cyphermox> I'm around

 19:54 <sil2100> Same here

 19:54 <tsimonq2> Cool.

 19:55 <tsimonq2> Does anyone have any questions for me?

 19:56 * sil2100 needs a moment

 19:57 <rbasak> What's the workflow you've been using to get things sponsored?

 19:57 <rbasak> eg. https://launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/debhelper/10.7.2ubuntu2 has no bug reference - did it go through the regular sponsorship queue?

 19:57 <tsimonq2> I will admit it's not the regular workflow; I talk with sponsors directly.

 19:58 <tsimonq2> If I know they're on vacation or something similar, I'll use the queue.

 19:58 <tsimonq2> But it's given them a chance to become familiar with my uploads.

 19:58 <tsimonq2> rbasak: Oh, that upload in particular wouldn't have.

 19:58 <tsimonq2> It's the regression fix.

 19:58 <tsimonq2> We were iterating in #ubuntu-release that day, if I recall correctly.

 19:59 <rbasak> How do you pass your proposed uploader to one of your regular sponsors?

 19:59 <rbasak> your proposed upload

 20:00 <tsimonq2> If it's big enough and I'm unsure about some parts of it, I file a bug and link them. Otherwise, we have a Telegram group; I can just upload it there.

 20:02 <tsimonq2> Sometimes it's pointless to file a bug if my sponsor's around and I have a debdiff in hand; it's filing a bug, then they respond with "sponsored" and it's done.

 20:02 <tsimonq2> But if I'm questioning it, I file a bug and subscribe the previous uploader.

 20:02 <rbasak> OK, thanks.

 20:02 <rbasak> Next question: have you managed any transitions?

 20:02 <tsimonq2> That goes for Universe uploads (which are self-serve for me now) and Main uploads.

 20:02 <tsimonq2> rbasak: A couple, actually.

 20:02 <tsimonq2> Right now, cosmic-proposed is a bit of a mess.

 20:03 <tsimonq2> But, I'm doing Qt 5 and Imagemagick.

 20:03 <tsimonq2> I was also helping with ffmpeg.

 20:03 <tsimonq2> Qt 5 should(!) go into Debian Testing today; I'm doing it concurrently in Debian and Ubuntu.

 20:04 <tsimonq2> Otherwise, in terms of managing transitions, I recently learned of a script Laney wrote to help management of that. Otherwise I use things like dose3...

 20:04 <sil2100> tsimonq2: when preparing an SRU to a stable series, what should be put in the Regression Potential field? What is it's purpose?

 20:05 <tsimonq2> sil2100: The purpose is to help identify any potential regressions, of course :) so if there's any chance the codebase could regress as the result of this update or any future updates, it should be at least mentioned.

 20:06 <tsimonq2> sil2100: This is typically after a code review (if the changes are manageable enough) or general regression potential in the case of the microrelease exception.

 20:06 <tsimonq2> There's a really good example of a bug report I wrote that follows that standard, if I can find it...

 20:07 <tsimonq2> sil2100: The gvfs fix in my table: bug 1133477

 20:07 <sil2100> tsimonq2: that's good enough, thanks

 20:07 <ubottu> bug 1133477 in gvfs (Ubuntu Xenial) "[SRU] cut-n-paste move files got stuck forever" [Critical,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1133477

 20:07 <tsimonq2> Thanks sil2100

 20:08 <sil2100> tsimonq2: oh, one more from me: let's say a package needs to be reverted to a previous upstream version because the new one is causing regressions

 20:08 <sil2100> tsimonq2: how would you do that?

 20:11 <tsimonq2> sil2100: What was the last upload? If it was just the new upstream release, that's easy enough, just grab the previous upload, grab the changelog entry for the upload with the new upstream release, add a new changelog describing the revert with 1.1.1-1ubuntu2+really1.1.0-1ubuntu1 or something along those lines. If the last upload was bugfix with a quilt patch or something like that, I'd need to

 20:11 <tsimonq2> know (and perhaps investigate myself) if it still needs to be applied after the revert.

 20:11 <tsimonq2> sil2100: Your question's a little bit broad; I'd need more details.

 20:13 <sil2100> This is what I wanted to know basically

 20:13 <sil2100> Thanks!

 20:13 <tsimonq2> Thanks sil2100 :)

 20:13 <sil2100> Ok, I'm good

 20:13 <tsimonq2> rbasak: Did I answer your question earlier sufficiently?

 20:13 <rbasak> Yes, thanks.

 20:13 <slashd> Any other questions for tsimonq2 ?

 20:13 <sil2100> I guess there's a different meeting here, maybe we should proceed to voting? Or is there any other questions?

 20:13 <slashd> agreed

 20:14 <rbasak> tsimonq2: have you handled proposed migration / handling excuses / getting autopkgtests to pass yourself?

 20:14 <tsimonq2> rbasak: I have.

 20:14 <rbasak> OK. I'm ready to vote then

 20:14 <slashd> #vote Please vote on: Simon Quigley (tsimonq2) coredev application

 20:14 <meetingology> Please vote on: Please vote on: Simon Quigley (tsimonq2) coredev application

 20:14 <meetingology> Public votes can be registered by saying +1, +0 or -1 in channel, (for private voting, private message me with 'vote +1/-1/+0 #channelname)

 20:14 <rbasak> +1

 20:14 <meetingology> +1 received from rbasak

 20:14 <sil2100> +1

 20:14 <meetingology> +1 received from sil2100

 20:14 <slashd> +1 good work

 20:14 <meetingology> +1 good work received from slashd

 20:15 <slashd> cyphermox ?

 20:15 <slashd> Let's give him a couple of minutes

 20:15 * sil2100 gently pokes cyphermox

 20:16 <tsimonq2> Thanks rbasak sil2100 slashd :D

 20:17 <cyphermox> ugh

 20:17 <cyphermox> I was +1, obviously

 20:17 <slashd> #endvote

 20:17 <meetingology> Voting ended on: Please vote on: Simon Quigley (tsimonq2) coredev application

 20:17 <meetingology> Votes for:3 Votes against:0 Abstentions:0

 20:17 <meetingology> Motion carried

 20:17 <cyphermox> too many things happening at once

 20:18 <tsimonq2> \o/

 20:18 <tsimonq2> Thanks!

 20:18 <slashd> Congrats tsimonq2

 20:18 <cyphermox> congrats tsimonq2

 20:18 <slashd> #topic AOB before the end

 20:19 <slashd> I guess we are good to end the meeting

 20:19 <slashd> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)