== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 12 Feb at 16:36 &mdash; 16:58 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2018/ubuntu-meeting.2018-02-12-16.36.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting 
=== Announcements ===
The discussion about "Announcements" started at 16:37.


=== Weekly stand-up report ===
The discussion about "Weekly stand-up report" started at 16:37.


=== Highlighted packages ===
The discussion about "Highlighted packages" started at 16:55.


=== Highlighted packages ===
The discussion about "Highlighted packages" started at 16:55.


=== Miscellaneous and Questions ===
The discussion about "Miscellaneous and Questions" started at 16:55.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * tyhicks (29)
 * jdstrand (8)
 * sbeattie (7)
 * jjohansen (7)
 * chrisccoulson (5)
 * sarnold (4)
 * leosilva (4)
 * mdeslaur (4)
 * meetingology (3)
 * ubottu (1)



== Full Log ==


 16:36 <tyhicks> #startmeeting

 16:36 <meetingology> Meeting started Mon Feb 12 16:36:59 2018 UTC.  The chair is tyhicks. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:36 <meetingology> 

 16:36 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 16:37 <tyhicks> The meeting agenda can be found at:

 16:37 <tyhicks> [LINK] https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting

 16:37 <tyhicks> [TOPIC] Announcements

 16:37 <tyhicks> Jeremy Bicha (jbicha) provided a debdiff for xenial for brotli (LP: #1737364)

 16:37 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1737364 in brotli (Ubuntu Xenial) "16.04: Fix CVE-2016-1968 and CVE-2016-1624 for brotli" [Undecided,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1737364

 16:37 <tyhicks> Thank you for your assistance in keeping Ubuntu users secure! :)

 16:37 <tyhicks> [TOPIC] Weekly stand-up report

 16:37 <tyhicks> jdstrand: you're up

 16:37 <jdstrand> hi

 16:37 <jdstrand> Last week I ended up sending more time on the store items and review tools updates than I plenned, so this week I plan to:

 16:37 <jdstrand> - continue snapd PR reviews (layouts is close to done, portals, steam-support when get feedback on what I gave last week, etc)

 16:38 <jdstrand> - LSM stacking demo

 16:38 <jdstrand> that's it from me. mdeslaur, you're up

 16:38 <jdstrand> - lxd snap regression wrt confinement

 16:38 <jdstrand> - create screencast interface

 16:38 <jdstrand> - strict mode snaps on live cd

 16:38 <mdeslaur> jdstrand: hey

 16:38 <mdeslaur> jdstrand: I'm in the happy place this week

 16:38 <mdeslaur> I'm currently publishing some USNs, and will work on some more security updates after that

 16:38 <mdeslaur> that's pretty much it, sbeattie, you're up

 16:39 <sbeattie> I'm on community this week

 16:40 <sbeattie> I'm working on investigating enabling retpoline by default for bionic and all that entails

 16:40 <sbeattie> I also need to finish my precise backport for retpoline

 16:41 <sbeattie> I'll have some usual kernel cve triage to handle.

 16:41 <sbeattie> The above will surely consume my week. tyhicks, over to you.

 16:42 <tyhicks> sbeattie: do you plan to release the existing retpoline gcc updates in {artful,xenial}-proposed to -security early this week? (before the kernels go out)

 16:43 <tyhicks> I ended up spending quite a bit of time on the new, in-development USN website last week

 16:44 <sbeattie> tyhicks: good question, I'd not thought very hard about it, but that would make sense.

 16:44 <tyhicks> sbeattie: please sync up w/ the kernel team to see how their testing is going, when they're planning on releasing, and then we can figure out when to push those updates out

 16:45 <sbeattie> tyhicks: will do

 16:45 <sarnold> .. probably folks with dkms systems would like those compilers pushed at the same time as the kernels?

 16:45 <tyhicks> this week, I'll be fixing up any issues that are discovered while the team publishes USNs to the existing and new USN websites

 16:45 <tyhicks> I need to focus on the LSM stacking demo that keeps getting pushed back

 16:45 <tyhicks> I have an embargoed issues

 16:45 <tyhicks> s/issues/issue/

 16:46 <tyhicks> and there are some internal tasks that I'll be working on

 16:46 <tyhicks> jjohansen: you're up

 16:46 <jjohansen> I am going to be looking into a few reported bugs this week

 16:47 <jjohansen> specifically the target domain name bug, for snappy (sorry browser crashed and lost all its tabs)

 16:47 <jjohansen> and the stacking bug with px transitions that cjwatson hit

 16:48 <jjohansen> I will also be working on a revised LSM stacking kernel

 16:49 <jjohansen> and chasing down the bug with it where ssh doesn't work under selinux due to something in procattr

 16:49 <jjohansen> I also have some prep work to do before tomorrow's apparmor meeting

 16:49 <jjohansen> I think that is it for me sarnold you are up

 16:50 <sarnold> I'm on cve triage this week; I'm working on the openjpeg2 mir, and want to file a few bug reports with the project that'll take a bit of extra time.

 16:50 <sarnold> I'll also do some apparmor patch review if jj needs it; and then move on down the MIRs

 16:51 <sarnold> I think that's is for me, chrisccoulson?

 16:51 <chrisccoulson> I've got a firefox publication to finish up

 16:51 <chrisccoulson> I also need to publish ubuntu-drivers-common - it's ready to go, but I don't know whether to just push it or wait for the updated kernels

 16:52 <chrisccoulson> other than that, I've got no other planned updates (no rust updates either!), so I'll get to spend time looking at this audit thing

 16:52 <chrisccoulson> of course, I can help out with other updates as well if anyone needs me too

 16:52 <chrisccoulson> that's me done

 16:54 <tyhicks> lionel: you're up

 16:54 <tyhicks> sorry

 16:54 <tyhicks> leosilva: you're up

 16:54 <leosilva> hehe, I'm the happy place this week. And will have short week.

 16:55 <leosilva> I'm working on wavpack and hunting for new pkgs to update.

 16:55 <leosilva> that's it for me.

 16:55 <leosilva> tyhicks: is back to you

 16:55 <tyhicks> thanks

 16:55 <tyhicks> [TOPIC] Highlighted packages

 16:55 <tyhicks> [TOPIC] Highlighted packages

 16:55 <tyhicks> The Ubuntu Security team suggests that contributors look into merging Debian security updates in community-supported packages. If you would like to help Ubuntu but are not sure where to start, this is a great way to do so. See http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/d2u/ for available merges and https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/UpdateProcedures for details on preparing Ubuntu security

 16:55 <tyhicks> updates. If you have any questions, feel free to ask in #ubuntu-hardened. To find out other ways of helping out, please see https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/GettingInvolved.

 16:55 <tyhicks> [TOPIC] Miscellaneous and Questions

 16:55 <tyhicks> Does anyone have any other questions or items to discuss?

 16:58 <tyhicks> jdstrand, mdeslaur, sbeattie, jjohansen, sarnold, ChrisCoulson, leosilva: Thanks!

 16:58 <tyhicks> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)