== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 12 Apr at 15:00 &mdash; 15:36 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2018/ubuntu-meeting.2018-04-12-15.00.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning round ===
The discussion about "Lightning round" started at 15:01.


=== Bugs ===
The discussion about "Bugs" started at 15:16.


=== AOB ===
The discussion about "AOB" started at 15:34.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * slangasek (25)
 * bdmurray (22)
 * sil2100 (17)
 * juliank (13)
 * xnox (13)
 * fginther (11)
 * ubottu (10)
 * cyphermox (10)
 * tdaitx (9)
 * rbalint (7)
 * rcj (6)
 * gaughen (6)
 * philroche (4)
 * meetingology (3)



== Full Log ==


 15:00 <slangasek> #startmeeting

 15:00 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Apr 12 15:00:59 2018 UTC.  The chair is slangasek. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 15:00 <meetingology> 

 15:00 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 15:01 <slangasek> [TOPIC] Lightning round

 15:01 <slangasek> $ echo $(shuf -e slangasek bdmurray xnox tdaitx doko sil2100 rbalint infinity cyphermox mwhudson rcj philroche Odd_Bloke tribaal fginther juliank)

 15:01 <slangasek> xnox juliank rcj rbalint cyphermox tribaal philroche infinity fginther sil2100 doko mwhudson slangasek bdmurray tdaitx Odd_Bloke

 15:01 <slangasek> xnox: hello

 15:01 <sil2100> o/

 15:01 <xnox> skip

 15:01 <juliank> oh, I'm early today

 15:02 <juliank> * SRUed apt in trusty for bug 1332440

 15:02 <ubottu> bug 1332440 in apt (Ubuntu Trusty) "apt-get update very slow when ulimit -n is big" [Undecided,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1332440

 15:02 <juliank> * added missing b-d on dh-python to update-notifier [archive rebuild FTBFS fix]

 15:02 <juliank> * uploaded networkd-dispatcher to bionic

 15:02 <juliank> * wrote JSON hooks for APT, for upcoming snap integration (needs some more detail work)

 15:02 <juliank> * fixed scripts/blkdeactivate.sh.in in lvm2/dmsetup to refer to /usr/bin/sort, not /bin/sort

 15:02 <juliank> * fixed python-apt

 15:02 <juliank> - test FTBFS

 15:02 <juliank> - invalid read in tag file

 15:02 <juliank> - potential out-of-bounds/wrong elements accesses in DepCache (check that objects passed belong to same cache, bug 1737441)

 15:02 <ubottu> bug 1737441 in unattended-upgrades (Ubuntu Bionic) "/usr/bin/unattended-upgrade:11:__GI___libc_free:operator:__gnu_cxx::new_allocator:std::allocator_traits:std::__cxx11::basic_string" [Undecided,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1737441

 15:02 <juliank> * verified the APT SRU from above

 15:02 <juliank> * reported bug about different thermal and power limits on T480s ...

 15:02 <juliank> (done)

 15:03 <bdmurray> rcj:

 15:04 * xnox is ready

 15:04 <xnox> subiquity work w.r.t. slow boot

 15:04 <xnox> subiquity work w.r.t. offline MAAS installer

 15:04 <xnox> fixing upgrade bugs in resolvconf; rsyslog

 15:04 <xnox> working on resolvconf & bionic in a cloud

 15:04 <xnox> uploaded systemd with a few safe fixes

 15:04 <xnox> done.

 15:05 <bdmurray> rbalint: since rcj is somewhere else?

 15:05 <rbalint> * found a few memory handling bugs in unattended-upgrades and in python-apt and fixed them with juliank,

 15:05 <rbalint> still working on some issues left

 15:05 <rbalint> * updated rax-nova-agent, still working on some issues left

 15:05 <rbalint> * updated libnfs to 2.0.0 in Debian, maybe it enters Ubuntu before the release

 15:05 <rbalint> (done)

 15:05 <cyphermox> - back from vacation

 15:05 <cyphermox> - ubiquity release 18.04.5

 15:05 <cyphermox> - slideshow updates

 15:05 <cyphermox> - shim reviews

 15:05 <cyphermox> - MIR review

 15:05 <cyphermox> - netplan bugfixing: accept-ra defaults, bridge carrier bind (in progress)

 15:05 <cyphermox> - working on shim-signed migration to self-signed DKMS modules

 15:05 <cyphermox> (done)

 15:06 <philroche> tribaal is OoO

 15:06 <philroche> * Deliver early preview of Bionic to public clouds

 15:06 <philroche> * Cloud image build system Vanguard

 15:06 <philroche> (done)

 15:07 <bdmurray> don't see infinity

 15:07 <bdmurray> fginther:

 15:07 <fginther> * Debug bionic image build and test issues

 15:07 <fginther> * Ensured that new releases images were published for trusty, xenial and artful

 15:07 <fginther> * Investigated issues impacting AWS HVM release image publication and ultimately was able to get them published correctly

 15:07 <fginther> * Updated firewall rules and related automation scripts

 15:07 <fginther> * Wrapping up work to enable automated image publication to a partner cloud

 15:07 <fginther> * Some manual lxd testing on cloud images

 15:07 <fginther> * Addressed issue with minimal images impacting publication of certain base images

 15:07 <fginther> * Other build system vanguard work

 15:07 <fginther> (done)

 15:07 <fginther> sil2100:

 15:07 <sil2100> - DMB Meeting

 15:07 <sil2100> - Refreshing packagesets

 15:07 <sil2100> - Bionic queue reviews

 15:07 <sil2100> - SRU reviews and releases

 15:07 <sil2100> - FFe reviews

 15:07 <sil2100> - Reviewing the NEW networkd-dispatcher package

 15:07 <sil2100> - Investigating cxlflash licensing issues with Steve

 15:07 <sil2100> - Running security-britney locally with a local rabbitmq server, preliminary charm tests

 15:07 <sil2100> * Figuring out how to nicely present the results from the instance

 15:07 <sil2100> - Reviewing livecd-rootfs MP for pre-seeding snaps

 15:08 <sil2100> - Looking into possible dragonboard ubuntu-image classic gadget work

 15:08 <sil2100> - Started work on rp3 u-boot changes

 15:08 <sil2100> (done)

 15:08 <slangasek> doko:

 15:08 <cyphermox> sil2100: if you need testing for rp3; I do have one connected here doing nothing.

 15:08 <sil2100> cyphermox: it'll be a while until its in a testable state ;)

 15:08 <cyphermox> (I can potentially give you VPN access or whatever)

 15:08 <tdaitx> slangasek: gaughen said that doko was out today and tomorrow

 15:09 <bdmurray> go rcj

 15:09 <rcj> rcj:

 15:09 <rcj> * snap preseed support added for binary/chroot hooks in livecd-rootfs

 15:09 <rcj> * cloud-image reviews, care, and feeding

 15:09 <rcj> * partner image development work

 15:09 <rcj> (done)

 15:10 <slangasek> * driving to release

 15:10 <slangasek> * took the baton to finish off beta last Thursday

 15:10 <slangasek> * landed a few bugfixes in ubiquity related to ubiquity-dm startup and VTs

 15:10 <slangasek> * followed through on some removals of uninstallable-not-buggy packages in -proposed, leading to https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2018-April/004405.html

 15:10 <slangasek> * worked to triage priorities for the last sprint iteration before release

 15:10 <slangasek> * fixing packages stuck in -proposed, and now looking at FTBFS from the archive test rebuild http://qa.ubuntuwire.org/ftbfs/rebuilds/test-rebuild-20180408-bionic.html

 15:10 <slangasek> (done)

 15:10 <slangasek> bdmurray:

 15:10 <bdmurray> bug triage of foundations team bugs

 15:10 <bdmurray> cherrypicked upstream patch for LP: #1692420

 15:10 <bdmurray> uploaded fix for whoopsie bug LP: #1756937

 15:10 <bdmurray> investigation into screen bug LP: #1761997

 15:10 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1692420 in powerpc-utils (Ubuntu) "[SRU] powerpc-utils commands exhibits "command substitution: ignored null byte in input" warning message" [Medium,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1692420

 15:10 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1756937 in whoopsie (Ubuntu Bionic) "report_crashes setting not written" [Medium,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1756937

 15:10 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1761997 in screen (Ubuntu) "/var/run needs mode 777 in bionic" [High,Invalid] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1761997

 15:10 <bdmurray> research into apt-clone / dpkg bug LP: #1756862

 15:10 <bdmurray> SRU verification of X and A apport changes re JournalErrors (LP: #1738581)

 15:10 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1756862 in apt-clone (Ubuntu Bionic) "upgrade from 17.10 to 18.04 - apt-clone crashed with SystemError in commit(): installArchives() failed" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1756862

 15:10 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1738581 in apport (Ubuntu Artful) "apport attachment JounralErrors should only be included for crash reports which are private" [High,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1738581

 15:10 <bdmurray> tested apport bug LP: #1762438 (ubuntu-bug traceback)

 15:10 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1762438 in apport (Ubuntu) "stack trace when filing bug (ubuntu-bug systemd)" [Undecided,Incomplete] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1762438

 15:10 <bdmurray> worked on figuring out why a couple of core files are hanging the retraces

 15:10 <bdmurray> ‚úî done

 15:10 <tdaitx> * OpenJDK 10 as default JDK

 15:10 <tdaitx> - more rebuilds (testing new syncs/fixes)

 15:10 <tdaitx> - classified 122 build errors due to openjdk-10 being set as default (javadoc & surefire nullpointer, javadoc invalid uri, javah, invalid source/target, boot classpath issues, doclets)

 15:10 <tdaitx> - fixing NullPointerException in surefire/javadoc maven plugins due to old libcommons-lang3-java (Debian #895234)

 15:10 <tdaitx> - investigating the need for --release so packages can still be built with openjdk-8

 15:10 <ubottu> Debian bug 895234 in src:libcommons-lang3-java "libcommons-lang3-java: update for OpenJDK 10 and OpenJDK 11" [Important,Open] http://bugs.debian.org/895234

 15:10 <tdaitx> * OpenJDK 8 security update (8u171) due to April 17

 15:10 <tdaitx> - investigating s390x javac segfault

 15:11 <tdaitx> (done)

 15:11 <gaughen> ‚úî

 15:12 <fginther> ‚úîsweet

 15:12 <slangasek> Á•É

 15:12 <gaughen> ‚úî

 15:12 <xnox> ‚úî

 15:12 <xnox> wow

 15:12 <bdmurray> 78¬∞

 15:14 <slangasek> any questions on status?

 15:14 <sil2100> ¬∞

 15:15 <xnox> üòè

 15:15 <slangasek> aahhh noooo

 15:15 <xnox> üòà

 15:16 <xnox> üòá

 15:16 <bdmurray> no

 15:16 <gaughen> ‚òÉ

 15:16 <slangasek> [TOPIC] Bugs

 15:17 <rcj> ctrl-shift-u followed by unicode number works again ^

 15:17 <bdmurray> so I think bug 1756862 is a dpkg issue

 15:17 <ubottu> bug 1756862 in apt-clone (Ubuntu Bionic) "upgrade from 17.10 to 18.04 - apt-clone crashed with SystemError in commit(): installArchives() failed" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1756862

 15:18 <bdmurray> Is the last screenshot helpful?

 15:19 <slangasek> (what's the unicode sequence fo Debug::pkgDPkgPM)

 15:19 <gaughen> bdmurray, should this be resolved by release?

 15:19 <bdmurray> gaughen: it is targetted to bionic

 15:19 <rbalint> slangasek:  "Debug::pkgDPkgPM" itself is a unicode sequence

 15:20 <gaughen> yes, but given we're 2 weeks from release, I wanted your thughts on should this be fixed for GA or is it something to SRU

 15:21 <gaughen> okay looking through my list, this was one we were trying to resolve for release.

 15:24 <bdmurray> I've just added another screenshot if that helps.

 15:28 <rbalint> i believe the ubiquity upgrade feature may have been useful in the past but i think it is not really useful today

 15:29 <bdmurray> I believe it was broken in 17.10 too but nobody complained loudly

 15:32 <slangasek> looks like this feature is unreliable and we don't have resources to support it

 15:33 <slangasek> so we should remove this feature from the ubiquity menu

 15:33 <bdmurray> Okay, moving on. I don't see anything new on rls-incoming

 15:34 <slangasek> ok

 15:34 <slangasek> [TOPIC] AOB

 15:34 <slangasek> anything else today?

 15:36 <sil2100> All good

 15:36 <slangasek> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)