== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 26 Feb at 16:33 &mdash; 16:53 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2018/ubuntu-meeting.2018-02-26-16.33.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting 
=== Announcements ===
The discussion about "Announcements" started at 16:33.


=== Weekly stand-up report ===
The discussion about "Weekly stand-up report" started at 16:34.


=== Highlighted packages ===
The discussion about "Highlighted packages" started at 16:51.


=== Miscellaneous and Questions ===
The discussion about "Miscellaneous and Questions" started at 16:52.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * tyhicks (31)
 * jdstrand (21)
 * mdeslaur (9)
 * sbeattie (9)
 * xnox (6)
 * sarnold (5)
 * leosilva (5)
 * ratliff_ (4)
 * meetingology (3)
 * ubottu (1)



== Full Log ==


 16:33 <tyhicks> #startmeeting

 16:33 <meetingology> Meeting started Mon Feb 26 16:33:39 2018 UTC.  The chair is tyhicks. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:33 <meetingology> 

 16:33 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 16:33 <tyhicks> The meeting agenda can be found at:

 16:33 <tyhicks> [LINK] https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting

 16:33 <tyhicks> [TOPIC] Announcements

 16:33 <tyhicks> The generalist role rotation for this week as follows:

 16:34 <tyhicks> CVE Triage: mdeslaur, Bug Triage: leosilva, Community: sarnold, Happy Place: ratliff, sbeattie

 16:34 <tyhicks> An all new version of the USN website (usn.ubuntu.com) will be deployed today

 16:34 <mdeslaur> \o

 16:34 <tyhicks> Please report a bug (https://github.com/canonical-websites/usn.ubuntu.com/issues/) for any issue that you discover

 16:34 <tyhicks> Simon Deziel (sdeziel) provided a debdiff for artful for unbound (LP: #1723900)

 16:34 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1723900 in unbound (Debian) "unbound systemctl (re)start fails due to Apparmor profile issue" [Unknown,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1723900

 16:34 <tyhicks> Thank you for your assistance in keeping Ubuntu users secure! :)

 16:34 <tyhicks> [TOPIC] Weekly stand-up report

 16:34 <tyhicks> jdstrand: you're up

 16:34 <xnox> tyhicks, will the new website mine cryptocurrencies in javascript?

 16:34 <jdstrand> hi!

 16:35 * xnox giggles

 16:35 <tyhicks> xnox: not yet but you never know what the future holds

 16:35 <jdstrand> completed: miscellaneous snappy conversations

 16:35 <jdstrand> completed: store reviews

 16:35 <jdstrand> completed: discuss/review PR 4741 - cmd/snap-update-ns: use recursive bind mounts for writable mimic (layouts)

 16:35 <jdstrand> completed: strict snaps on livecd implementation: PR 4714 (address review feedback)

 16:35 <jdstrand> progress: investigate more issues with minecraft and opening URLs

 16:35 <jdstrand> completed: ubuntu-security meeting

 16:35 <jdstrand> mdeslaur: you're up

 16:35 <jdstrand> hah

 16:35 <jdstrand> wait :P

 16:35 <mdeslaur> xnox: it's our new autopkgtest infrastructure

 16:35 <jdstrand> * be responsive to snapd PRs

 16:35 <jdstrand> - portals (getting close)

 16:35 <jdstrand> - layouts (landed, needs a little hardening for 2.32)

 16:35 <jdstrand> - steam-support (blocked on upstream feedback)

 16:35 <jdstrand> * strict mode snaps on livecd (close to landing)

 16:35 <jdstrand> * miscellaneous policy investigations and updates

 16:35 <jdstrand> * prepare for sprint

 16:35 <jdstrand> * lxd snap regression wrt confinement as have time

 16:35 <jdstrand> * create screencast interface as have time

 16:35 <jdstrand> ok, now mdeslaur you're up :)

 16:36 <mdeslaur> you sure your paste buffer is empty now? ;)

 16:36 <mdeslaur> I'm on triage this week

 16:36 <jdstrand> my password is ready to paste

 16:36 <mdeslaur> I just pushed out a sensible-utils update

 16:36 <mdeslaur> and I'm going to work on something new off the list

 16:36 <mdeslaur> I also may have an embargoed issue

 16:36 <mdeslaur> that's it from me

 16:36 <mdeslaur> sbeattie: you're up

 16:37 <sbeattie> I'm in the happy place this week

 16:37 * xnox thinks there is a glitch in jdstrand AI today, and a reboot is required.

 16:37 <sbeattie> I'm double-checking gcc-7, gcc-6, and gcc-5 packages with retpoline enabled by default for x86 for sponsoring today.

 16:38 <sbeattie> I'm also examining a glibc built by said compilers

 16:38 <xnox> sbeattie, nice =) gcc-8 as well? it's not default, but is available. And some libraries are coming from gcc-8, and used in userspace. E.g. libitm1 -> opencryptoki, etc.

 16:38 <sbeattie> xnox: not yet, but yeah, I hsuld do that, too

 16:38 <xnox> cool

 16:39 <sbeattie> I need to add the documentation bits to a patch to hardening retpoline options to dpkg, to support hardening=[+-]retpoline and submit to debian

 16:40 <sbeattie> There's other bits and bobs related to retpoline to track down in prep for starting the rebuild

 16:41 <sbeattie> (documentation, double-checking upstream for bug fixes, etc)

 16:41 <sbeattie> I need to prep a bit for the sprint next week

 16:41 <sbeattie> that'll consume my week, surely. tyhicks, over to you

 16:41 <tyhicks> thanks

 16:41 * xnox silently pings rbalint to read above status update.

 16:41 <tyhicks> I've got sprint prep

 16:42 <tyhicks> I'll be cleaning up any messes found with the switch to the new USN website today

 16:42 <tyhicks> I need to finalize an LSM stacking demo

 16:43 <tyhicks> I've got an embargoed issue

 16:43 <tyhicks> I'll also be involved in the retpoline by default discussions/uploads/etc

 16:44 <tyhicks> that's it for me

 16:44 <tyhicks> jjohansen: you're up

 16:45 <tyhicks> oh, he's not around right now

 16:45 <tyhicks> sarnold: go ahea

 16:47 <sarnold> sorry, I missed this window entirely! :)

 16:47 <sarnold> I'm on community, short week for me this weeke

 16:48 <sarnold> I expect to review some apparmor patches, then return to brotli MIR, and responding to questions on the openjpeg2 bugs I opened

 16:48 <sarnold> and I ought to try to rebuild my poor little pandaboard before the trip. I don't know how realistic that is :(

 16:49 <sarnold> that's me, chrisccoulson? or ratliff_ if chrisccoulson is still out? (sorry, can't recall)

 16:49 <ratliff_> vacation day for chris_ccoulson :)

 16:50 <ratliff_> I'm in the happy place this week.

 16:50 <ratliff_> I have sprint prep. I need to nurse the kpis along and touch up the tutorial. I have some internal tasks that I'm working on.

 16:50 <ratliff_> leosilva: it's up to you

 16:50 <leosilva> I'm bug triage this week.

 16:51 <leosilva> I'm take a look in qpdf cves, some of them has just test as patch - weird.

 16:51 <leosilva> besides that I'll to my hunting

 16:51 <leosilva> tyhicks: it's back to you

 16:51 <tyhicks> thanks!

 16:51 <leosilva> s/to/do/

 16:51 <tyhicks> [TOPIC] Highlighted packages

 16:51 <tyhicks> The Ubuntu Security team suggests that contributors look into merging Debian security updates in community-supported packages. If you would like to help Ubuntu but are not sure where to start, this is a great way to do so. See http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/d2u/ for available merges and https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/UpdateProcedures for details on preparing Ubuntu security

 16:51 <tyhicks> updates. If you have any questions, feel free to ask in #ubuntu-hardened. To find out other ways of helping out, please see https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/GettingInvolved.

 16:52 <tyhicks> [TOPIC] Miscellaneous and Questions

 16:52 <tyhicks> Does anyone have any other questions or items to discuss?

 16:53 <tyhicks> jdstrand, mdeslaur, sbeattie, sarnold, ratliff, leosilva: Thanks!

 16:53 <tyhicks> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)