== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 09 Aug at 15:01 &mdash; 15:16 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2018/ubuntu-meeting.2018-08-09-15.01.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning round ===
The discussion about "Lightning round" started at 15:01.


=== Bugs ===
The discussion about "Bugs" started at 15:11.


=== AOB ===
The discussion about "AOB" started at 15:15.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * slangasek (27)
 * sil2100 (19)
 * ubottu (14)
 * bdmurray (12)
 * tdaitx (11)
 * fginther (9)
 * juliank (6)
 * philroche (6)
 * rcj (6)
 * Odd_Bloke (5)
 * meetingology (3)



== Full Log ==


 15:01 <slangasek> #startmeeting

 15:01 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Aug  9 15:01:46 2018 UTC.  The chair is slangasek. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 15:01 <meetingology> 

 15:01 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 15:01 <slangasek> [TOPIC] Lightning round

 15:02 <sil2100> o/

 15:02 <slangasek> $ echo $(shuf -e slangasek bdmurray xnox tdaitx doko sil2100 rbalint infinity cyphermox mwhudson rcj philroche Odd_Bloke juliank fginther)

 15:02 <slangasek> juliank cyphermox philroche Odd_Bloke slangasek sil2100 rcj mwhudson fginther xnox bdmurray rbalint tdaitx infinity doko

 15:02 <slangasek> juliank: hello!

 15:02 <juliank> * new amd64-microcode for trusty with the MODULES=most change for bug 1778738

 15:02 <ubottu> bug 1778738 in amd64-microcode (Ubuntu Trusty) "Default to early instead of auto when MODULES=most" [Undecided,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1778738

 15:02 <juliank> * ubuntu-release-upgrader update for bug 1766890

 15:02 <ubottu> bug 1766890 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu Bionic) "package gnome-menus 3.13.3-6ubuntu3.1 failed to install/upgrade: triggers looping, abandoned" [Undecided,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1766890

 15:02 <juliank> * frontend locking for dpkg, apt, python-apt, packagekit, (maybe) aptdaemon - bugs to be filed later for SRUs

 15:03 <juliank> * just landed monday morning, back from debconf in taiwan

 15:03 <juliank> * ton of interesting stuff there

 15:03 <juliank> (done)

 15:04 <slangasek> cyphermox is out

 15:04 <slangasek> philroche:

 15:04 <philroche> * Cloud image build system Vanguard

 15:04 <philroche> * Cloud image publication to address CVE 2018-5390

 15:04 <philroche> * Cloud image modifications

 15:04 <philroche> * Set up external thunderbolt graphics card enclosure

 15:04 <philroche> (done)

 15:04 <ubottu> Linux kernel versions 4.9+ can be forced to make very expensive calls to tcp_collapse_ofo_queue() and tcp_prune_ofo_queue() for every incoming packet which can lead to a denial of service. (http://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2018-5390)

 15:04 <philroche> Odd_Bloke:

 15:05 <Odd_Bloke> * Slipped a disc in my back last week, so working part-time (and lying on the floor the rest of the time)

 15:05 <Odd_Bloke> * Mostly keeping on top of email etc. in the time I am working

 15:05 <Odd_Bloke> * Some small partner-facing issues addressed

 15:05 <Odd_Bloke> (done)

 15:05 <Odd_Bloke> slangasek:

 15:06 <slangasek> * short week; was out sick yesterday, and only at half capacity today

 15:06 <slangasek> * streams

 15:06 <slangasek> * nvidia in clouds

 15:06 <slangasek> * various discussions around SRU policies

 15:06 <slangasek> (done)

 15:06 <slangasek> sil2100:

 15:06 <sil2100> - Warmest week ever, melting

 15:06 <sil2100> - Some SRU reviews and releases

 15:06 <sil2100> - ubuntu-image:

 15:06 <sil2100> * Merged final fixes from Michael re: new gadget stanza

 15:06 <sil2100> * Tested and released 1.4 to cosmic, pushed SRUs to bionic and xenial

 15:06 <sil2100> * Fixed snap builds and uploads, released 1.4 to stable

 15:06 <sil2100> * Poked webops to fix authorization failures on ubuntu-image CI

 15:06 <sil2100> - New stable kernel cycle reviews

 15:06 <sil2100> - core18:

 15:06 <sil2100> * Tested subiquity trunk on core18 - console-conf busted

 15:06 <sil2100> * Cherry-picked branding fixes to console-conf, added our PPA to be used durin

 15:06 <sil2100> g core preparation to pull in new subiquity

 15:06 <sil2100> * Investigated core18 netplan configuration issues on the pi3

 15:06 <sil2100> - Pushed first cosmic base langpacks, made sure weekly builds are up

 15:06 <sil2100> - Rebuilt ubuntu-core 16.04.5 image and sent to Chris for testing - all green

 15:06 <sil2100> - Worked on getting firewalls unblocked for security-britney

 15:06 <sil2100> - Did I mention it's too warm?

 15:07 <sil2100> (done)

 15:07 <rcj> rcj:

 15:07 <rcj> * CVE image publication in AWS GovCloud

 15:07 <rcj> * Fixups for remote query/stream generation

 15:07 <rcj> * Cloud partner meetings

 15:07 <rcj> * miscellany

 15:07 <rcj> (done)

 15:07 <fginther> * Image build and publication for CVE-2018-5390

 15:07 <fginther> * Debug and fix a partner image build issue

 15:07 <fginther> * Debugging provisioning issue on a partner cloud via email

 15:07 <fginther> * Investigated a partner image size alignment issue

 15:07 <ubottu> Linux kernel versions 4.9+ can be forced to make very expensive calls to tcp_collapse_ofo_queue() and tcp_prune_ofo_queue() for every incoming packet which can lead to a denial of service. (http://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2018-5390)

 15:07 <fginther> * Updated documentation for image publication on a partner cloud

 15:07 <fginther> * Created a new image build

 15:07 <fginther> * Finshed MP for a cloud-init change to allow ssh redirect of non-root users (LP: #1771198)

 15:07 <fginther> * Purgued old EOL images from a partner cloud

 15:07 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1771198 in cloud-init "Support disable_root-esque behaviour for other users" [Wishlist,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1771198

 15:07 <fginther> ✔ done

 15:07 <slangasek> xnox is out

 15:07 <slangasek> bdmurray's calendar says he's out but he just can't stay away from these meetings

 15:08 <bdmurray> I came back early so I'm here.

 15:09 <bdmurray> short week due to holidays but

 15:09 <bdmurray> SRU review of libreoffice with trigger-noawait change for xenial

 15:09 <bdmurray> SRU verification / testing of apport bugs LP: #1778694, LP: #1778497

 15:09 <bdmurray> SRU verification of LP: #1783589, 1783593, 1783738, 1785096

 15:09 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1778694 in apport (Ubuntu Bionic) "In autoreport mode in whoopsie-preferences API, reports are not sent by whoopsie" [High,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1778694

 15:09 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1778497 in apport (Ubuntu Bionic) "Add a remember option to whoopsie so that users can diminish crash interactions" [High,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1778497

 15:09 <bdmurray> ✔ done

 15:09 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1783738 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu Bionic) "_checkStoreConnectivity uses translatable strings for error checking " [Medium,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1783738

 15:09 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1785096 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu Bionic) "dist-upgrader should clean up downloaded debs" [Medium,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1785096

 15:09 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1783589 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu Bionic) "ubuntu-release-upgrader crashes if snapd is not installed" [High,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1783589

 15:09 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1783593 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu Bionic) "UI frozen and no information when the upgrader is installing snap packages" [Undecided,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1783593

 15:09 <bdmurray> rbalint:

 15:10 <tdaitx> rbalint he said he would be late

 15:10 <slangasek> tdaitx: go ahead

 15:10 <tdaitx> s/he//

 15:10 <tdaitx> * packaged and uploaded openjdk-10 (bionic) to the security team ppa

 15:10 <tdaitx> - enabled tests during build and included new testsuites

 15:10 <tdaitx> - workaround for a testng issue (LP: #1785896)

 15:10 <tdaitx> - fixed debug symbols stripping to prevent inclusion on modules

 15:10 <tdaitx> * testing "outdated" java packages in bionic for sru candidates

 15:10 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1785896 in testng (Ubuntu) "testng fails due to missing guava dependency" [Undecided,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1785896

 15:10 <tdaitx> - scilab (LP: #1762999), access-modifier-checker, activemq, annotation-indexer, ant, antlr4, apache-directory-server, apache-log4j2, axis, batik (ongoing)

 15:10 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1762999 in scilab (Ubuntu) "Unable to start Scilab 6.0.1 on bionic and cosmic because of missed Java" [Undecided,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1762999

 15:10 <tdaitx> AOB:

 15:10 <tdaitx> - will be out Tuesdays/Thursdays after lunch time for the next 2 weeks, might have to leave Thursday team meeting 20-30 min earlier

 15:10 <tdaitx> (done)

 15:11 <slangasek> no infinity

 15:11 <slangasek> doko is out

 15:11 <slangasek> rbalint: we'll catch you when you get here

 15:11 <slangasek> [TOPIC] Bugs

 15:11 <slangasek> bdmurray: anything for this week?

 15:11 <bdmurray> bug 1785080 showed up recently

 15:11 <ubottu> bug 1785080 in pylint (Ubuntu) "pylint does not work with Python 3.7" [High,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1785080

 15:13 <bdmurray> I haven't tested it recently

 15:13 <slangasek> seems important to have resolved.  do you want to create a card for that?

 15:13 <bdmurray> slangasek: yeah, is anybody working on the transition?

 15:14 <slangasek> bdmurray: I believe mwhudson is, about half time

 15:15 <bdmurray> Okay, I'll let him know.

 15:15 <bdmurray> That's it from me.

 15:15 <slangasek> ok

 15:15 <slangasek> [TOPIC] AOB

 15:15 <slangasek> anything else today?

 15:16 <slangasek> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)