== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 29 Nov at 16:00 &mdash; 16:55 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2018/ubuntu-meeting.2018-11-29-16.00.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning round ===
The discussion about "Lightning round" started at 16:00.

  * ''LINK:'' https://code.launchpad.net/~codyshepherd/livecd-rootfs/bionic-proposed-snaps-manifest/+merge/359645 
  * ''LINK:'' https://code.launchpad.net/~codyshepherd/livecd-rootfs/xenial-proposed-snaps-manifest/+merge/359649 

=== Bugs ===
The discussion about "Bugs" started at 16:16.

  * ''LINK:'' https://irclogs.ubuntu.com/2018/11/16/%23ubuntu-release.html#t19:24 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/cosmic/update_excuses_by_team.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/disco/update_excuses_by_team.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/disco/update_excuses_by_team.html 



== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * vorlon (41)
 * bdmurray (34)
 * sil2100 (29)
 * rbalint (17)
 * ubottu (17)
 * cyphermox (17)
 * juliank (15)
 * xnox (15)
 * doko (13)
 * platonical (7)
 * Odd_Bloke (6)
 * philroche (5)
 * gaughen (5)
 * fginther (4)
 * tobikoch (4)
 * chiluk (3)
 * meetingology (3)



== Full Log ==


 16:00 <vorlon> #startmeeting

 16:00 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Nov 29 16:00:24 2018 UTC.  The chair is vorlon. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:00 <meetingology> 

 16:00 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 16:00 <vorlon> [TOPIC] Lightning round

 16:00 <vorlon> $ echo $(shuf -e vorlon bdmurray xnox tdaitx doko sil2100 rbalint infinity cyphermox mwhudson rcj philroche Odd_Bloke juliank fginther platonical tobikoch)

 16:00 <vorlon> tobikoch xnox philroche Odd_Bloke platonical sil2100 cyphermox juliank tdaitx rcj vorlon mwhudson infinity rbalint doko fginther bdmurray

 16:00 <vorlon> tobikoch: hello

 16:01 <rbalint> o/

 16:01 <tobikoch> * vanguarding job shadowing

 16:01 <tobikoch> * some parallel image build work

 16:01 <tobikoch> (done)

 16:01 <tobikoch> xnox:

 16:01 <xnox> pass

 16:01 <xnox> philroche,

 16:01 <philroche> * Release ARM64 AMIs to AWS (see https://blog.ubuntu.com/2018/11/29/running-android-in-the-cloud-with-amazon-ec2-a1-instances and https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/aws/new-ec2-instances-a1-powered-by-arm-based-aws-graviton-processors/ )

 16:01 <philroche> * Updates to ubuntu_watch_packages to render package stats to HTML (see https://github.com/philroche/ubuntu-watch-packages and https://private-fileshare.canonical.com/~philroche/ubuntu_watch_packages/package-stats.html)

 16:01 <philroche> * Cloud image build system vanguard

 16:01 <philroche> (done)

 16:01 <philroche> Odd_Bloke:

 16:02 <chiluk> o/

 16:02 <Odd_Bloke> platonical: You go, I lost track of the time.

 16:03 <platonical> ok

 16:03 <platonical> Submitted some backports to xenial- and bionic-proposed:

 16:03 <platonical> https://code.launchpad.net/~codyshepherd/livecd-rootfs/bionic-proposed-snaps-manifest/+merge/359645

 16:04 <platonical> https://code.launchpad.net/~codyshepherd/livecd-rootfs/xenial-proposed-snaps-manifest/+merge/359649

 16:04 <platonical> and partner image work

 16:04 <platonical> (done)

 16:04 <platonical> sil2100:

 16:04 <Odd_Bloke> * Mostly out-of-office this last week

 16:04 <Odd_Bloke> * Cloud images vanguard

 16:04 <Odd_Bloke> * Code review

 16:04 <Odd_Bloke> * Some unblocking of disco cloud images

 16:04 <Odd_Bloke> (done)

 16:04 * xnox can go too.

 16:04 <xnox> * plugging in usb sticks into mainframe

 16:04 <xnox> - it's in!

 16:04 <xnox> - it boots kernel

 16:04 <xnox> - it fails to find initrd

 16:04 <xnox> * updating pythons for openssl sru into bionic

 16:04 <xnox> * getting a few subiquity merge proposals merged for s390x support

 16:04 <xnox> * helping unwind rust-* packages

 16:04 <xnox> * more systemd fallout discussions (xenial security reverted)

 16:04 <xnox> * merges: openssl 1.1.1a, meson

 16:05 <xnox> * uploading small bits to drop python3.6 from the archive

 16:05 <xnox> * subiquity zdev design spec review with design

 16:05 <xnox> (done)

 16:05 <gaughen> ha love that the usb stick is your first item, xnox

 16:06 <juliank> sil2100 seems missing

 16:06 <gaughen> juliank, he's trying to find rand

 16:07 <juliank> it's a tool in openssl, see rand(1ssl)

 16:07 <vorlon> cyphermox:

 16:08 <vorlon> juliank:

 16:08 <juliank> * synced networkd-dispatcher

 16:08 <juliank> * send a merge request to networkd-dispatcher upstream

 16:08 <juliank> * wrote and fixed tests for unattended-upgrades for devrelease "auto"

 16:08 <juliank> * some emails

 16:08 <juliank> * some upstream apt discussions

 16:08 <juliank> * prepared a security update for redis in bionic (bug 1805822), gotta keep my vps secure

 16:08 <ubottu> bug 1805822 in redis (Ubuntu Bionic) "CVE-2018-11218, CVE-2018-11219, CVE-2018-12326 forward-port for bionic" [Undecided,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1805822

 16:08 <juliank> * working on some merges

 16:08 <juliank> * off tomorrow - going cycling, deploying server, and/or baking christmas cookies

 16:08 <juliank> (done)

 16:08 <cyphermox> o/

 16:08 <juliank> hey cyphermox :)

 16:08 <cyphermox> - Netplan:

 16:08 <cyphermox> - add tunnel support, manual testing, still missing doc

 16:08 <cyphermox> - writing unit tests for tunnel, integration tests still TODO

 16:08 <cyphermox> - investigating MAC/MTU apply behavior due to networkd matching

 16:08 <cyphermox> - SRU for MAC/rename issues on bonds/virtual devices

 16:09 <cyphermox> - reworked unit tests: not a single humongous .py anymore

 16:09 <cyphermox> - more test rework: integration tests

 16:09 <cyphermox> - briefly investigated moving away from nose for test runner

 16:09 <cyphermox> - verification for grub SRUs

 16:09 <cyphermox> - discussed tpm2-based disk encryption

 16:09 <cyphermox> - upstream plymouth patch for keyboard deactivation

 16:09 <cyphermox> (done)

 16:11 <vorlon> tdaitx: did you make it back?

 16:11 <vorlon> rcj is off

 16:11 <vorlon> * short week, off last Thu/Fri for Thanksgiving

 16:11 <vorlon> * working on a minimal-change respin of Ubuntu 18.04.1 server live image to fix wrong apt sources.list on install

 16:11 <vorlon> * working on requisitioning port compute nodes into new canonistack region

 16:11 <vorlon> * prep discussions for Ubuntu Core sprint next week that I'll be attending remotely

 16:11 <vorlon> * archive transitions

 16:12 <vorlon> * admiring the work on the ARM64 Amazon roll-out

 16:12 <vorlon> * code reviews (livecd-rootfs, netplan)

 16:12 <vorlon> * next week:

 16:12 <vorlon> infinity not here

 16:12 <vorlon> * working shifted hours to be in the same logical TZ as South Africa

 16:12 <vorlon> (done)

 16:12 <vorlon> rbalint:

 16:12 <rbalint> * adding more fixes to unattended-upgrades SRUs

 16:12 <rbalint> * u-u SRU verifications

 16:12 <rbalint> * bzr -> git conversion work

 16:12 <rbalint> - announcing: email ubuntu-devel + http://balintreczey.hu/blog/migrating-from-bazaar-to-git-on-launchpad-just-got-easier/

 16:12 <rbalint> - optionally include bzr metadata in git commit msgs

 16:12 <rbalint> * new round of u-u fixes for newly found issues

 16:12 <rbalint> * wireshark new upstream release 2.6.5

 16:12 <rbalint> * upgrade twisted to 18.9.0 upstream releaes in progress

 16:12 <rbalint> (done)

 16:12 <doko> - got some transitions around icu migrated, but new ones piling up again

 16:12 <doko> - more merges, ftbfs fixes

 16:12 <doko> - gcc 7.4 release candidate, binutils update

 16:12 <doko> - javahelper fix, causing some ftbfs in disco

 16:12 <doko> - first gcc-9 packages available, preparing a test rebuild for the xmas season

 16:12 <doko> (done)

 16:12 <cyphermox> vorlon: means you reviewed the netplan WPA Enterprise code?

 16:13 <vorlon> cyphermox: that one not yet, but I reviewed the tunnels, did you see my comments?

 16:13 <cyphermox> I didn't look at that yet

 16:13 <vorlon> fginther:

 16:14 <fginther> * Lots of partner meetings

 16:14 <fginther> * Working on an updated job posting

 16:14 <fginther> (done)

 16:14 <fginther> bdmurray:

 16:14 <bdmurray> updated daisy not to write strange releases to BucketMetadata thereby

 16:14 <bdmurray> eventually cleaning up First and Last seen column on main page

 16:14 <bdmurray> modified whoopsie to write OOPS ID to .uploaded file (LP: #1582470)

 16:14 <bdmurray> modified sru-report to no longer list Kernel PPA section (LP: #1720248)

 16:14 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1582470 in whoopsie (Ubuntu) "should put OOPS ID / URL in .uploaded file" [Undecided,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1582470

 16:14 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1720248 in ubuntu-archive-tools "sru-report: Remove "Kernel PPA" section" [Undecided,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1720248

 16:14 <bdmurray> also modified it to highlight incomplete bug report (LP: #1720249)

 16:14 <bdmurray> bionic, cosmic sru verification of LP: #1797384

 16:14 <bdmurray> after overriding multiple nautilus false positive regressions had it fully

 16:14 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1720249 in ubuntu-archive-tools "sru-report: Color code Incomplete bugs differently" [Undecided,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1720249

 16:15 <bdmurray> phased for Ubuntu 18.04

 16:15 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1797384 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu Cosmic) "release upgrader has no icon in gnome-shell dock" [High,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1797384

 16:15 <bdmurray> xenial SRU verification of LP: #1797209

 16:15 <bdmurray> reported LP: #1805475 re u-r-u and computer-janitor

 16:15 <bdmurray> tested, uploaded removal of computer-janitor code from dist-upgrader

 16:15 <bdmurray> reported ubuntu-mate bug LP: #1805653

 16:15 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1797209 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu Cosmic) "do-release-upgrade should block release upgrades in some circumstances" [Undecided,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1797209

 16:15 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1805475 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu) "ubuntu-release-upgrader crashed with AttributeError: '_NamespacePath' object has no attribute 'sort'" [Medium,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1805475

 16:15 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1805653 in ubuntu-mate-artwork (Ubuntu) "launching firefox from terminal reveals Gtk-WARNING" [Medium,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1805653

 16:15 <bdmurray> uploaded update-manager, u-r-u fixes for LP: #1798618 and LP: #1795024

 16:15 <bdmurray> fixed u-r-u using a negative number for free space needed LP: #1786484

 16:15 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1798618 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu) "confusing error message with 'do-release-upgrade -d' and Prompt=lts" [Medium,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1798618

 16:15 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1795024 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu) "setting release-upgrades Prompt to never can cause confusing behavior" [Medium,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1795024

 16:15 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1786484 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu) "free space need for /usr could be negative which is wrong" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1786484

 16:15 <bdmurray> âœ” done

 16:15 <vorlon> questions over status?

 16:16 <vorlon> [TOPIC] Bugs

 16:16 <vorlon> bdmurray:

 16:17 <bdmurray> bug 1805183

 16:17 <ubottu> bug 1805183 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu) "systemd-resolved constantly restarts on Bionic upgraded from Xenial" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1805183

 16:17 <vorlon> hmm

 16:19 <bdmurray> I haven't investigated it but it might be worth having someone look at.

 16:20 <vorlon> agreed, putting it in the queueu

 16:20 <bdmurray> I had bug 1591427 languishing in some forgotten tab and tested it again with the 18.04 server, not subiquity, iso and was able to recreate it.

 16:21 <ubottu> bug 1591427 in pkgsel (Ubuntu) "Installer gives user option to deactivate automatic updates, yet automatic upgrade of security packages are on by default" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1591427

 16:21 <bdmurray> Maybe its not worth investigating with the move to subiquity.

 16:21 <juliank> wgat's the option doing?

 16:22 <bdmurray> -security is setup in Unattended-Upgrades Allowed-Origins

 16:23 <bdmurray> which conflicts with "no automatic updates"

 16:24 <vorlon> I think in terms of overall expected experience, the bug is in pkgsel's description of the option, not in the behavior

 16:24 <rbalint> i think the debconf question being ignored causes that

 16:24 <vorlon> i.e. we don't want the user to have an option in d-i that actually disables automatic security updates

 16:25 <bdmurray> ah, that makes sense

 16:25 <rbalint> the fix in LP: #1577215

 16:25 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1577215 in unattended-upgrades (Ubuntu) "Origin pattern is unexpected on dpkg-reconfigure" [Low,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1577215

 16:25 <vorlon> (so probably medium-low priority bug on the non-default installer)

 16:26 <bdmurray> cyphermox: is there any reason to keep you assigned?

 16:26 <sil2100> eh...

 16:26 * sil2100 forgot about the meeting again

 16:26 <cyphermox> wat?

 16:26 <sil2100> I'm bad with meetings this week

 16:26 <bdmurray> if you were paying attention you'd know you were assigned. ;-)

 16:26 <vorlon> sil2100: hi :) want to give us status after bdmurray finishes up?

 16:27 <sil2100> I'll prep one real quick

 16:27 <cyphermox> well, if someone else wants to do the pksel part of it

 16:27 <bdmurray> bug 1803786 I gess we should just do it

 16:27 <ubottu> bug 1803786 in update-manager (Ubuntu) "ubuntu-support-status should report 10 years of support for Ubuntu 18.04 LTS" [Undecided,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1803786

 16:28 <vorlon> uh

 16:28 <vorlon> the 5 years beyond the 5 years is ESM

 16:28 <rbalint> is this public?

 16:28 <vorlon> so I don't think that should be advertised in ubuntu-support-status as the support length?

 16:28 <bdmurray> there's a url in the bug

 16:30 <vorlon> commented now on the bug, disagreeing with the proposed change

 16:30 <bdmurray> well the quote in the blog is misleading then as it doesn't mention ESM

 16:30 <vorlon> yes

 16:32 <chiluk> As someone on the outside, I had no clue it was just ESM.

 16:33 <chiluk> Good luck with that communication.

 16:33 <vorlon> https://irclogs.ubuntu.com/2018/11/16/%23ubuntu-release.html#t19:24

 16:34 <rbalint> so it is not official really

 16:35 <bdmurray> bug 1797335 looks interesting

 16:35 <ubottu> bug 1797335 in glibc (Ubuntu) "strstr() on ubuntu18.04 8 times slower than on ubuntu16" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1797335

 16:35 <juliank> wow

 16:35 <doko> that's open for a long time, untouched.

 16:36 <bdmurray> 2 months isn't a long time in Launchpad

 16:38 <bdmurray> Okay so somebody will comment on that bug then, yes?

 16:39 <vorlon> I guess so :)

 16:40 <bdmurray> bug 1801439 is the last one

 16:40 <ubottu> bug 1801439 in software-properties (Ubuntu) "Unable to add software sources via the software-properties" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1801439

 16:42 <bdmurray> that seems worth taking on

 16:44 <rbalint> bdmurray, the software-properties-qt is in universe

 16:44 <rbalint> does -gtk work ok?

 16:45 <bdmurray> I suspect it'll fail but will test it create a card if needed.

 16:45 <bdmurray> that's it

 16:46 <sil2100> Should I just paste my status update?

 16:46 <gaughen> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/cosmic/update_excuses_by_team.html

 16:46 <doko> LINK http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/cosmic/update_excuses_by_team.html

 16:46 <gaughen> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/disco/update_excuses_by_team.html

 16:46 <juliank> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/disco/update_excuses_by_team.html

 16:46 <doko> LINK https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html

 16:47 <rbalint> i'm already on twisted

 16:47 <doko> currently doing java-common

 16:47 <doko> anyone automake-1.16? s390x only

 16:48 <doko> and ubuntu-image?

 16:49 <sil2100> I'm looking at ubuntu-image, I *fixed* it

 16:49 <sil2100> I mean, still might need some re-runs here and there

 16:49 <gaughen> sil2100, did you find some rand?

 16:49 <sil2100> But I did the 'xnox' thing to get rid of the py36 env thing

 16:49 <sil2100> gaughen: not yet!

 16:51 <doko> sil2100: then please give back the tests (I did it now for the pyyaml trigger)

 16:51 <vorlon> sil2100: yes; is that your status?

 16:53 <sil2100> - Preparing for trip next week

 16:53 <sil2100> - Kernel SRU reviews

 16:53 <sil2100> - SRU reviews and releases (not as many as usually though)

 16:53 <sil2100> - Testing ubuntu-image 1.5

 16:53 <sil2100> * Pushing out a hotfix version to fix the strange py36 failure

 16:53 <sil2100> - Pi3 armhf/arm64 work:

 16:54 <sil2100> * Lots of testing trying to figure out the reasoning for the images not booting

 16:54 <sil2100> * Tweaked the uboot.env to fit the bigger kernel - stuff now boots

 16:54 <sil2100> * Created a temporary livefs project for testing the whole build process

 16:54 <sil2100> * Iterated on the cosmic image, making it build on livefs, pushing out missing fixes

 16:54 <sil2100> * Iterating on the bionic image, finding missing pieces and making it build the image

 16:54 <sil2100> * Checking on the spamming of firmware messages on the console on bionic

 16:54 <sil2100> * Started cleaning up all the branches

 16:54 <sil2100> * Released livecd-rootfs and u-boot to disco

 16:54 <sil2100> * Preparing SRU paperwork + the SRU backports

 16:54 <sil2100> * Prepared ubuntu-cdimage changes for the new raspi3 devices

 16:54 <sil2100> - Preparations for the sprint meetings next week

 16:54 <sil2100> (done)

 16:54 <sil2100> doko: yeah, I pushed the buttons already

 16:54 <sil2100> Will make sure those are passing now with the new version

 16:55 <vorlon> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)