== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 25 Jun at 16:31 &mdash; 16:45 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2018/ubuntu-meeting.2018-06-25-16.31.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting 
=== Announcements ===
The discussion about "Announcements" started at 16:32.


=== Weekly stand-up report ===
The discussion about "Weekly stand-up report" started at 16:34.


=== Highlighted packages ===
The discussion about "Highlighted packages" started at 16:42.


=== Miscellaneous and Questions ===
The discussion about "Miscellaneous and Questions" started at 16:43.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * ratliff (21)
 * jdstrand (9)
 * sbeattie (9)
 * leosilva (6)
 * sarnold (4)
 * chrisccoulson (4)
 * meetingology (3)



== Full Log ==


 16:31 <ratliff> #startmeeting

 16:31 <meetingology> Meeting started Mon Jun 25 16:31:11 2018 UTC.  The chair is ratliff. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:31 <meetingology> 

 16:31 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 16:31 <ratliff> The meeting agenda can be found at:

 16:31 <ratliff> [LINK] https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting

 16:32 <ratliff> [TOPIC] Announcements

 16:32 <ratliff> We welcome Alex Murray (amurray) to the Ubuntu Security Team today! Welcome Alex, we are thrilled that you are joining us to help continue improving security for Ubuntu users!

 16:32 <ratliff> The Ubuntu Security team is hiring. See https://grnh.se/8c0a6c1f1 for more details.

 16:32 <sbeattie> welcome ammuray!

 16:33 <jdstrand> welcome amurray` !

 16:33 <leosilva> welcome amurray` !!!

 16:33 <sarnold> welcome amurray` !!!!

 16:34 <ratliff> Any more !!!!! of delight? :)

 16:34 <leosilva> hehe

 16:34 <ratliff> [TOPIC] Weekly stand-up report

 16:34 <ratliff> jdstrand: you're up

 16:34 <ratliff> jdstrand: welcome back from vacation!

 16:34 <jdstrand> thanks!

 16:34 <jdstrand> This week I plan to work on:

 16:34 <jdstrand> * catching up on email, irc from last week

 16:34 <jdstrand> * snapd PR reviews

 16:34 <jdstrand> * follow up with Tyler on unsquashfs issue (ie, work on re-enabling resquashfs enforcement)

 16:34 <jdstrand> * adjust snap-confine to always use a device cgroup

 16:34 <jdstrand> * pick up review-tools snap USNs phase1/part ii work as have time

 16:35 <jdstrand> I'm not at all caught up on email yet, but I think sbeattie is up next

 16:35 <sbeattie> yep

 16:35 <sbeattie> I'm on bug triage this week

 16:35 <sbeattie> I have some kernel signoffs to do, and some kernel qrt test failures to look at

 16:36 <sbeattie> I'm working on finishing up the conversion of the cve-tracker to git

 16:36 <sbeattie> I have an internal project I'm working on

 16:37 <sbeattie> I also need to make some upcoming travel arrangements.

 16:37 <sbeattie> that's likely it for me.

 16:37 <sbeattie> no jj today, so.... sarnold? I think you're up?

 16:38 <sarnold> I'm in the happy place this week, working down the MIRs, and perhaps most likely to interact with amurray` in his mornings

 16:39 <sarnold> the libfprintd codebase is very trusting of input from the hardware. I'd like to file upstream bugs for all the cases where If eel it's *too* trusting. it's unlikely to get traction but still, I'm already here

 16:39 <sarnold> that's it for me, chrisccoulson?

 16:39 <chrisccoulson> I've got firefox updates this week

 16:40 <chrisccoulson> And I also need to update rust to 1.27

 16:40 <chrisccoulson> So that will probably be it for me, although I hope not

 16:40 <chrisccoulson> that's me done

 16:41 <ratliff> I'm on CVE triage this week.

 16:41 <ratliff> I will still be focused on internal work this week.

 16:41 <ratliff> leosilva: on to you

 16:41 <leosilva> I'm in the happy place this week :)

 16:42 <leosilva> I have an openssl to USN, but I'm postoning it since Marc will USN his openssl soon.

 16:42 <leosilva> Other than that I'm cve-researching hunting pkgs to update

 16:42 <leosilva> ratliff: it's back to you

 16:42 <ratliff> thanks!

 16:42 <ratliff> [TOPIC] Highlighted packages

 16:42 <ratliff> The Ubuntu Security team suggests that contributors look into merging Debian security updates in community-supported packages. If you would like to help Ubuntu but are not sure where to start, this is a great way to do so.

 16:43 <ratliff> See http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/d2u/ for available merges and https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/UpdateProcedures for details on preparing Ubuntu security updates. If you have any questions, feel free to ask in #ubuntu-hardened. To find out other ways of helping out, please see https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/GettingInvolved.

 16:43 <ratliff> [TOPIC] Miscellaneous and Questions

 16:43 <ratliff> Does anyone have any other questions or items to discuss?

 16:45 <ratliff> jdstrand, sbeattie, sarnold, chrisccoulson, leosilva: Thanks!

 16:45 <ratliff> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)