== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 08 Feb at 16:04 &mdash; 16:39 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2018/ubuntu-meeting.2018-02-08-16.04.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning round ===
The discussion about "Lightning round" started at 16:05.


=== Bugs ===
The discussion about "Bugs" started at 16:19.

  * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-bb-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs 

=== AOB ===
The discussion about "AOB" started at 16:38.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * slangasek (50)
 * bdmurray (43)
 * juliank (38)
 * cyphermox (21)
 * xnox (20)
 * sil2100 (19)
 * ubottu (17)
 * rbalint (11)
 * fginther (11)
 * Odd_Bloke (10)
 * tdaitx (8)
 * doko (7)
 * philroche (5)
 * tribaal (3)
 * meetingology (3)
 * gaughen (2)



== Full Log ==


 16:04 <slangasek> #startmeeting

 16:04 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Feb  8 16:04:03 2018 UTC.  The chair is slangasek. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:04 <meetingology> 

 16:04 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 16:05 <slangasek> [TOPIC] Lightning round

 16:05 <slangasek> $ echo $(shuf -e slangasek bdmurray xnox tdaitx doko sil2100 rbalint infinity cyphermox mwhudson rcj philroche Odd_Bloke tribaal fginther juliank)

 16:05 <gaughen> o/

 16:05 <slangasek> doko mwhudson juliank cyphermox rcj rbalint xnox sil2100 philroche Odd_Bloke slangasek infinity bdmurray tdaitx fginther tribaal

 16:05 <slangasek> doko: hello!

 16:05 <doko> oops

 16:05 <doko> - FOSDEM Free Java track

 16:05 <doko> - spent most of the time working on migration ...

 16:05 <doko> - GCC 8 uploaded, binutils fixed (arm64 kernel builds)

 16:05 <doko> - some phone calls this week

 16:05 <doko> (done)

 16:06 <slangasek> juliank:

 16:06 <juliank> merges / syncs:

 16:06 <juliank> - wget: just a new upstream minor release

 16:06 <juliank> - dash: dropping the profiled guiding patches, as there's no measurable gain anymore with systemd booting us

 16:06 <juliank> uploaded fixes / features:

 16:06 <juliank> - multipath-tools: fixed kpartx regression breaking image builds (bug 1747044)

 16:06 <juliank> - ubuntu-release-upgrader: only add valid releases (bug 1744722)

 16:06 <juliank> - util-linux: backported lscpu fixes, but blocked by other upload stuck in proposed (bug 1732865)

 16:06 <juliank> - software-properties: run apt-get update

 16:06 <ubottu> bug 1747044 in multipath-tools (Ubuntu) "kpartx 0.7.4-2ubuntu1 in bionic does not remove loop devices" [Critical,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1747044

 16:06 <ubottu> bug 1744722 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu Artful) "Unknown bad source brings up during 'zesty' to 'artful' upgrade and It break the process" [Critical,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1744722

 16:06 <ubottu> bug 1732865 in util-linux (Ubuntu Xenial) "[LTCTest][OPAL][FW860.20] lscpu failed to list cpu max and min frequencies" [Undecided,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1732865

 16:06 <juliank> needs review:

 16:06 <juliank> - ubuntu-release-upgrader: double check source release https://code.launchpad.net/~juliank/ubuntu-release-upgrader/double-check-source-release/+merge/337258 (bug 1725359)

 16:06 <juliank> - grub2: show shorter version on screen, hide complete one in variable https://code.launchpad.net/~juliank/grub/+git/ubuntu/+merge/337338 (bug 1723434)

 16:06 <juliank> - socat, pv: MIRs. socat might be hard - it overlaps a lot with netcat, previous attempt was cancelled (bug 1746891 [pv])

 16:06 <ubottu> bug 1725359 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu) "release detection relies on lsb-release" [Low,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1725359

 16:06 <ubottu> bug 1723434 in grub2 (Ubuntu) "grub2 splash screen displays excessively long package version number" [Undecided,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1723434

 16:06 <ubottu> bug 1746891 in pv (Ubuntu) "[MIR] pv" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1746891

 16:06 <juliank> WiP stuff (upstreams):

 16:06 <juliank> - apt: (1) Make it check that 'Date' is not from the future; (2) Switch to C++14, and some cleanup

 16:06 <juliank> - multipath-tools: Forwarding the patches for the regression upstream, needs some rework

 16:06 <juliank> I guess I should get that stuck apt SRU from last year forward too.

 16:06 <juliank> (done)

 16:07 <sil2100> This mwhudson guy, always missing our weekly meetings...

 16:07 <sil2100> Shame on him

 16:07 <xnox> juliank, the overlap is known.... is it possible to use netcat on the images that use socat, per chance?

 16:07 <cyphermox> - debugging grub2 tftp with slangasek

 16:07 <cyphermox> - netplan: added bash completion

 16:07 <cyphermox> - netplan: upstream systemd work to support keeping an interface offline but configured at boot

 16:07 <cyphermox> - debugging ubuntu-server:live build w/ preinstalled subiquity snap

 16:07 <cyphermox> - juju-core SRU of 2.3.2 to xenial

 16:07 <cyphermox> - MIR: reviewing libfastjson

 16:07 <cyphermox> - various cat herding / administrativia

 16:07 <cyphermox> (done)

 16:08 <juliank> xnox: I guess somebody else knows more about that :)

 16:08 <rbalint> (short week)

 16:08 <rbalint> * fix opengcs FTBFS (upstreamed): LP: #1746697

 16:08 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1746697 in opengcs (Ubuntu) "Opengcs FTBFS on 32 bit architectures" [Low,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1746697

 16:08 <rbalint> * fixed tests for mtd-utils (#889868), now it is in proper shape for MIR

 16:08 <rbalint> * internal image testing and testbed setup follow-ups

 16:08 <rbalint> (done)

 16:09 <bdmurray> xnox: your turn

 16:09 <xnox> #HIGHLIGHT openssl1.1.0 is landing in Ubuntu

 16:09 <xnox> Upgrading opencryptoki to 3.8.2

 16:09 <xnox> Upgrading systemd to 237 (autopkgtests fixing stage)

 16:09 <xnox> Ubuntu-keyring now ships more keys - e.g. cloud images, simplestreams, dbg

 16:09 <xnox> Keyboard step moved earlier in ubiquity (with sil2100)

 16:09 <xnox> (done)

 16:10 <bdmurray> sil2100:

 16:10 <sil2100> - SRU reviews and releases

 16:10 <sil2100> - Stable kernel reviews and releases (retpoline incoming)

 16:10 <sil2100> - Fixing and testing autopilot tests for the early-keyboard ubiquity branch

 16:10 <sil2100> * Released by xnox

 16:10 <sil2100> - Fixing the ppp FTBFS after the openssl1.1 rebuild

 16:10 <sil2100> - walinuxagent:

 16:10 <sil2100> * Preparing, testing and releasing for bionic

 16:10 <sil2100> * Backporting to stable series, pre-SRU testing, getting approved

 16:10 <sil2100> * Phil prepared test images, waiting for MS to do their testing

 16:10 <sil2100> - Fixing the packageset refreshing scripts for bionic

 16:10 <sil2100> - Updating the kubuntu packageset as per request

 16:10 <sil2100> - Clean-up of unverified xenial language-packs from -proposed

 16:10 <sil2100> - Preparing branch for KPI metrics for canonical-foundations bugs

 16:10 <sil2100> - Some ubuntu-image discussions with Loic

 16:10 <sil2100> (done)

 16:11 <bdmurray> sil2100: Are you using Influx DB?

 16:11 <philroche> * Cloud image build system Vanguard

 16:11 <bdmurray> philroche:

 16:11 <philroche> * Cloud image build system maintenance & development

 16:11 <philroche> * walinuxagent testing

 16:11 <philroche> * Released ubuntu-watch-packages snap

 16:11 <philroche> (done)

 16:11 <Odd_Bloke> * (POTENTIAL HIGHLIGHT) Backported upstream code to move Vagrant from using Atlas to Vagrant Cloud for boxes, due to Atlas API endpoints being shut down (https://bugs.launchpad.net/bugs/1747426); community testing of the fixes strongly encouraged

 16:11 <bdmurray> Odd_Bloke:

 16:11 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1747426 in cloud-images "Vagrant <2.x can no longer fetch box metadata from Hashicorp" [Undecided,New]

 16:11 <Odd_Bloke> * Spent some time helping the MAAS team fix a bug with deploying precise images (for ESM customers)

 16:11 <Odd_Bloke> * Filed a bug I found while using bionic: https://bugs.launchpad.net/bugs/1748029

 16:11 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1748029 in mutter (Ubuntu) "Dragging and dropping a window in the top bar causes GNOME shell to become unusable" [Undecided,New]

 16:11 <Odd_Bloke> * A variety of partner work

 16:11 <Odd_Bloke> (done)

 16:11 <sil2100> bdmurray: no, the old prometheus thing as with all the original metrics - is that not a thing anymore?

 16:11 <Odd_Bloke> slangasek:

 16:12 <bdmurray> sil2100: that's not the new hotness

 16:12 <xnox> Odd_Bloke, +!

 16:12 <sil2100> Damn...

 16:12 <xnox> Odd_Bloke, +1

 16:12 <bdmurray> sil2100: lets talk after this

 16:12 <Odd_Bloke> xnox: +1 to...?

 16:12 <xnox> mutter bug about dragging things

 16:12 <rbalint> Odd_Bloke: it is for you, personally :-)

 16:13 <Odd_Bloke> xnox: I think I'm on X, not Wayland.

 16:13 <slangasek> * proposed-migration: trying to unstick the world

 16:13 <slangasek> * autopkgtests: shepherding the infrastructure

 16:13 <slangasek> * BOS01 compute moved to BOS02 for a redeploy of BOS01 region

 16:13 <slangasek> * Tracked various glitches that were causing test runners to die

 16:13 <slangasek> * Optimized the arm64 runners to give them a boost, now the runner setup takes < 3m per dispatch instead of 8+m

 16:13 <Odd_Bloke> Because we aren't shipping Wayland as the default in bionic.

 16:13 <slangasek> * closed out on grub2 tftp (LP: #1743249)

 16:13 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1743249 in MAAS "High IO on the system prevents MAAS to provide PXE config in a timely manner (less than 30 secs)" [Undecided,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1743249

 16:13 <slangasek> * discussions around retpoline in 18.04

 16:13 <slangasek> * discussions around openjdk security support in 18.04

 16:13 <slangasek> (done)

 16:13 * xnox needs to doublecheck what i am running

 16:13 * fginther wishes he knew about that BOS01 thing yesterday

 16:13 <bdmurray> irc discussion with web ops re: mojo spec and certs and sm-cert

 16:13 <bdmurray> irc discussion with webops regarding sm-cert and its usage

 16:13 <bdmurray> tested sm-cert with daisy.staging.u.com errors.staging.u.com

 16:13 <bdmurray> modified mojo spec to use certs created by sm-cert

 16:13 <bdmurray> submitted RT re review of latest ET mojo spec MP

 16:14 <bdmurray> modified (and tested) mojo spec MP after reviewer feedback

 16:14 <bdmurray> submitted RT re request for pagerduty account

 16:14 <bdmurray> setup pagerduty account for ET monitoring

 16:14 <bdmurray> submitted RT regarding ET mojo spec setup in CI

 16:14 <bdmurray> dug into apport test failure w/ new gdb and fixed it (string change)

 16:14 <bdmurray> bug triage of apport bug LP: #1746874

 16:14 <bdmurray> modified bug-bot to tag bugs v-failed-$release for slangasek

 16:14 <bdmurray> modified w.u.c/EndOfLifeProcess for fixing rmadison

 16:14 <bdmurray> created an image sizes KPI and submitted a PR for it

 16:14 <bdmurray> irc dicsussions w/ OddBloke and powersj re: Influx DB vs prometheus

 16:14 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1746874 in apport (Ubuntu) "gnome-shell and Xwayland sometimes leave $HOME/core files (should be /var/crash files)" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1746874

 16:14 <bdmurray> submitted RT re: Influx DB credentials

 16:14 <slangasek> fginther: how do you mean?  I saw MPs last week requesting to move the cloud tests from BOS01 to BOS02 and I thought they landed

 16:14 <bdmurray> modified cloud image sizes KPI to use Influx DB and then to use special time field

 16:14 <bdmurray> submitted PR re: jenkins job for cloud image sizes KPI

 16:14 <bdmurray> backfilled cloud image sizes in Influx DB

 16:14 <bdmurray> done

 16:14 <bdmurray> made a pretty graph of cloud image sizes

 16:14 <bdmurray> investigation into fetchmail, dnscrypt-proxy for LP: 1713803

 16:14 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1713803 in android-androresolvd (Ubuntu) "replacement of resolvconf with systemd needs integration" [Low,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1713803

 16:14 <tdaitx> Short week: half-days this week, out tomorrow [1] flying back home

 16:14 <tdaitx> * At Fosdem in the  free java sessions

 16:14 <tdaitx> * Sorting out what Oracle means about OpenJDK support

 16:14 <tdaitx> * Testing the armhf port for 8u161

 16:14 <tdaitx> * Checking openjdk 9/10 support for packages on main (libreoffice/tomcat)

 16:14 <tdaitx> * Started investigating possible sources of binary incompatibilities between java packages build with 8 and running on openjdk 9 and/or 10

 16:14 <tdaitx> [1] Note: the domestic leg got moved to the next day, I might be taking new flights altogether

 16:14 <tdaitx> (done)

 16:14 * juliank runs gnome session on X and it hangs a lot for a few seconds each.

 16:15 <fginther> slangasek, those MP only moved one of the arches over, there was still one left on BOS01 this week

 16:15 <slangasek> fginther: mm.

 16:16 <slangasek> fginther: you can tell us more about it now, it's your turn

 16:16 <fginther> * Out sick Monday

 16:16 <fginther> * Cloud-image vanguard

 16:16 <fginther> * Debugged a bionic image build issue: lp: #1747044

 16:16 <fginther> * Updated cloud tests to tolerate a specific platform anomaly

 16:16 <fginther> * Shared some jenkins best practices in a discussion with three other teams doing CI and test automation

 16:16 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1747044 in multipath-tools (Ubuntu) "kpartx 0.7.4-2ubuntu1 in bionic does not remove loop devices" [Critical,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1747044

 16:16 <fginther> * Writing tests for partner cloud image publication code

 16:16 <fginther> * Investigating work needed for a new image build

 16:16 <fginther> * feeling sad about BOS01

 16:16 <fginther> (done)

 16:16 <tribaal> * Snowboarding most of the week. Mountains <3

 16:16 <tribaal> * Still upgrading our build infrastructure to use snaps.

 16:16 <tribaal> (done)

 16:17 <slangasek> questions on status?

 16:19 <bdmurray> nope

 16:19 <slangasek> [TOPIC] Bugs

 16:19 <slangasek> [LINK] http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-bb-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 16:20 <doko> snowboarding!

 16:20 <bdmurray> I tagged 3 bug reports this week for that list

 16:20 <slangasek> so there's a 6-digit bug marked critical

 16:20 <Odd_Bloke> Snowboarding is a feature, not a bug, doko. ;)

 16:20 <bdmurray> bug 940030

 16:20 <ubottu> bug 940030 in rsyslog (Ubuntu) "rsyslog stops working after logrotate until restarted" [Critical,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/940030

 16:21 <juliank> Interesting. We should check what the somewhat-blocked 8.32 does

 16:22 <slangasek> I call shenanigans on that bug, my rsyslog is working fine post-rotation

 16:22 <juliank> I don't have a /var/log/syslog

 16:22 <xnox> slangasek, hmmm.... why do we default to rsyslog, instead of syslog-ng with the journal plugin?

 16:22 <juliank> did we drop it?

 16:22 <slangasek> oh, but *not* /var/log/syslog

 16:22 <juliank> What no, I do

 16:22 <cyphermox> rsyslog and /var/log/syslog work well here.

 16:22 <slangasek> bdmurray: +1 for sorting this out, it should be a quick fix

 16:22 <xnox> slangasek, or why have rsyslog, if journald provides /var/log/syslog facility by itself too

 16:23 <slangasek> xnox: why not bikeshed?

 16:23 <juliank> If we could get rid of rsyslog in main

 16:23 <juliank> it would solve our problem with it depending on fastjson now :D

 16:23 <slangasek> xnox: you mean the syslog-ng that's been stuck in -proposed for a release cycle, right?

 16:23 <cyphermox> juliank: replacing it with something else with still requiring MIRing something

 16:23 <xnox> slangasek, heh

 16:23 <slangasek> anyway, taking 940030 for the stack; yes it wants follow-through

 16:23 <juliank> cyphermox: yeah, but hopefully not a second library, a fork of something we have

 16:24 <cyphermox> juliank: meh

 16:24 <cyphermox> slangasek: was there another bug?

 16:24 <slangasek> bdmurray: what else?

 16:24 <bdmurray> bug 1089195

 16:24 <ubottu> bug 1089195 in update-manager (Ubuntu) "linux-headers will eat your inodes on LTS." [Undecided,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1089195

 16:24 <xnox> ouch

 16:25 <juliank> I think there's a more general autoremoval thing for that

 16:25 <rbalint> imo we should take that, i'm working on update-manager to remove newly unused packages

 16:25 <slangasek> that sounds like a straight duplicate of the kernel autoremoval bug

 16:25 <cyphermox> +1

 16:25 <rbalint> slangasek: yes, mostly

 16:25 <juliank> It is precisely the bug rbalint is working on, yes

 16:26 <juliank> well headers instead of kernels, but that makes no difference

 16:26 <slangasek> not mostly, if the work on kernel autoremovals doesn't exactly fix this bug then the work on kernel autoremovals is incomplete

 16:26 <rbalint> it is almost the same, because the existing headers are not newly unused, but i would like to covert that, too, yes

 16:26 <juliank> I also have that stuff on my apt auto-auto-removal idea thing

 16:26 <slangasek> can someone who knows where the lead bug is for that work dupe this to it?

 16:27 <juliank> rbalint: that applies to the kernel images too

 16:27 <slangasek> juliank, rbalint: can one of you find the bug to dupe this to, and we'll move on?

 16:27 <rbalint> juliank: yes

 16:28 <slangasek> bdmurray: next?

 16:28 <bdmurray> bug 1746874

 16:28 <ubottu> bug 1746874 in apport (Ubuntu) "gnome-shell and Xwayland sometimes leave $HOME/core files (should be /var/crash files)" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1746874

 16:28 <juliank> slangasek: done

 16:29 <bdmurray> "Xwayland and gnome-shell are co-dependent processes. If one crashes then the other will also crash. So we need apport to be capable of handling both crashes simultaneously.

 16:29 <rbalint> juliank: done by, me, too :-)

 16:29 <juliank> rbalint: lol

 16:29 <slangasek> bdmurray: huh

 16:30 <cyphermox> wow

 16:30 <bdmurray> because apport is already running it aborts

 16:30 <slangasek> bdmurray: that's an interesting symptom, yes let's follow up

 16:30 <slangasek> (claiming)

 16:31 <cyphermox> weird, I would have thought you'd just have a second apport running in that case

 16:31 <bdmurray> Its trying to stop the system from being dos'ed

 16:31 <slangasek> cyphermox: bug suggests that because core_use_pid isn't set, something (kernel or apport) treats them as identical

 16:31 <cyphermox> yeah

 16:31 * juliank pretends its a kernel bug

 16:31 <slangasek> anyway, claimed

 16:31 <bdmurray> What no

 16:32 <bdmurray> ERROR: apport (pid 1946) Mon Feb 5 12:05:58 2018: another apport instance is already running, aborting

 16:32 <cyphermox> slangasek: yes

 16:32 <juliank> bdmurray: so it's an apport feature :D

 16:32 <cyphermox> well, I'm surprised at that, because you could conceivable have more than one process crash very close to each other.

 16:32 <juliank> it should queue them up I guess

 16:32 <slangasek> xnox: LP: #1739672 is still in 'incoming' and only marked triaged, is that fix-committed yet or not?

 16:32 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1739672 in systemd (Ubuntu) "Regression in getaddrinfo(): calls block for much longer on Bionic (compared to Xenial), please disable LLMNR" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1739672

 16:32 <bdmurray> "This avoids bringing down the system to its knees if there is a series of crashes"

 16:32 <cyphermox> and all that it's doing is the pipe thing to start apport

 16:32 <juliank> but you probably do want some crash dropping?

 16:33 <bdmurray> So it was deliberate choice by that guy

 16:33 <slangasek> man, that guy

 16:33 <cyphermox> heh

 16:33 <xnox> slangasek, i have been pinged to fix that in person at fosdem too. I have removed the tag, does that make it off the list?

 16:34 * juliank blames the guy they shot up into space in a tesla

 16:34 <slangasek> xnox: are you telling me it's NOT fix committed yet?

 16:34 <bdmurray> maybe just disabling that check on devel releases is good enough

 16:34 <xnox> slangasek, there are autopkgtests failures in systemd that i'm fixing it.

 16:35 <xnox> slangasek, (umockdev + udisks mis-compat with udev)

 16:35 <slangasek> xnox: that doesn't actually answer my question

 16:35 <xnox> slangasek, it is not fix committed, as in, it is not in bionic-proposed.

 16:35 <slangasek> xnox: if it's committed to the package vcs, it's fix-committed

 16:35 <slangasek> and we should mark it as such so you can take it off my nag list ;)

 16:35 <cyphermox> bdmurray: I wonder if queueing the crashes would be so bad

 16:37 <slangasek> bdmurray: anything else on bugs?

 16:37 <bdmurray> slangasek: Not from me

 16:37 <slangasek> ok, anyone else? :)

 16:38 <slangasek> [TOPIC] AOB

 16:38 <slangasek> aaaand anything else?

 16:39 <xnox> done

 16:39 <gaughen> no

 16:39 <slangasek> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)