== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 01 Mar at 20:07 &mdash; 20:31 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2018/ubuntu-meeting.2018-03-01-20.07.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== bashfulrobot ===
The discussion about "bashfulrobot" started at 20:07.

  * ''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/bashfulrobot 
  * ''LINK:'' https://launchpad.net/~bashfulrobot 
  * ''Vote:'' bashfulrobot's Ubuntu Membership (Carried)

=== AOB? ===
The discussion about "AOB?" started at 20:30.




== Vote results ==

 * [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2018/ubuntu-meeting.2018-03-01-20.07.log.html#63 bashfulrobot's Ubuntu Membership]]
  * Motion carried (For/Against/Abstained 4/0/0)
   *  Voters wxl, popey, elacheche, tsimonq2



== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * tsimonq2 (43)
 * bashfulrobot (25)
 * meetingology (14)
 * popey (11)
 * elacheche (9)
 * wxl (7)
 * kyrofa (1)
 * fossfreedom (1)



== Full Log ==


 20:07 <tsimonq2> #startmeeting

 20:07 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Mar  1 20:07:00 2018 UTC.  The chair is tsimonq2. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 20:07 <meetingology> 

 20:07 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 20:07 <tsimonq2> #topic bashfulrobot

 20:07 <tsimonq2> Hi

 20:07 <bashfulrobot> Hello

 20:07 <tsimonq2> Please introduce yourself.

 20:09 <tsimonq2> bashfulrobot: Hello? :)

 20:09 <bashfulrobot> Well, I am Dustin Krysak located in Canada. I have been a member of the Ubuntu Budgie team since Nov-Dec of 2016. I come from an operations background (and a consumer of Linux). I had wanted to get involved with the OSS aspect to become a contributor to somethign I have used for a long time.

 20:10 <bashfulrobot> Currently I am also involved in the snacrafters community as well, both in the forum as well as interacting with project maintainers to hopefully introduce or assist with snap packaging.

 20:10 <bashfulrobot> In the past I have also volunteered on the release management for the alpha/betas (17.10 +) as well.

 20:11 <tsimonq2> OK, cool! Can you please share a link to your wiki and LP page?

 20:11 <bashfulrobot> https://wiki.ubuntu.com/bashfulrobot

 20:11 <bashfulrobot> https://launchpad.net/~bashfulrobot

 20:12 <tsimonq2> Alright, any questions from the board?

 20:13 <elacheche> I like the tesimonials  :)

 20:13 <elacheche> bashfulrobot: I'd like to know if you're involved with the LoCo?

 20:13 <tsimonq2> (or any other comments etc., I saw fossfreedom earlier :) )

 20:14 <bashfulrobot> Yes I appreciate everyone who took the time to do so (THANK YOU!)

 20:14 <elacheche> It would be great if a contributor like you helps in the LoCo too :D

 20:14 <popey> hi bashfulrobot

 20:15 <popey> bashfulrobot: tell us a bit about how things are going in Ubuntu Budgie land

 20:15 <tsimonq2> ^

 20:15 <bashfulrobot> I am not yet involved with the loco, but had reached out the members as it seems to have gone dormant to a degree. Where I have done work locally is with our local linux desktop LUG. I have recently been added as a co-host, but previously had done a talk on Ubuntu Budgie.

 20:15 <tsimonq2> Nice!

 20:17 <elacheche> Good, the LoCo should not be different from the LUG :) Yes, we have LoCos activity issues :) So contributions to LoCos should be always needed and apreciated :)

 20:18 <tsimonq2> Agreed!

 20:18 <wxl> bashfulrobot: you're going to be at lfnw this year?

 20:18 <tsimonq2> ^^^^

 20:18 <bashfulrobot> Well, my perception is that we are slowly growing. As one of the newer flavours, there are always things we can do to help herald that in the right direction. Some of the items can be welcomed challenges (not having a developer background), but very interesting. I like having the exposure the larger Ubuntu ecosystem (and hope to get more involved there). Our LTS application is in progress pending final

 20:18 <bashfulrobot> approval by the TB. So we are moving forward nice and steady.

 20:18 <tsimonq2> I will be

 20:19 <bashfulrobot> As for the Loco - I have been thinking about attempting to merg it in some capacity if applicable.

 20:19 <elacheche> :)

 20:20 <tsimonq2> Alright, anything else before we vote, everyone?

 20:20 <bashfulrobot> wxl: I will be at LFNW this year. I fact tsimonq2 have been discussing doing some planning and working on a few things while we are both there. While not officially part of hte booth plan to offer assistance as well.

 20:20 * elacheche is ready to vote :)

 20:20 <wxl> bashfulrobot: cool. we should try to coordinate

 20:20 <bashfulrobot> if you are there, would love to!

 20:20 <popey> bashfulrobot: do you have any big plans for ubuntu budgie, or is it more slow-and-steady?

 20:21 <tsimonq2> #voters wxl tsimonq2 elacheche popey

 20:21 <meetingology> Current voters: elacheche popey tsimonq2 wxl

 20:21 <wxl> +1 great work; keep it up!

 20:21 <wxl> oops

 20:21 <popey> hang on

 20:21 <wxl> too jumpy

 20:22 * tsimonq2 is waiting on bashfulrobot to answer popey ;)

 20:22 <tsimonq2> Oh, should also set this...

 20:22 <tsimonq2> #votesrequired 4

 20:22 <meetingology> votes now need 4 to be passed

 20:24 <tsimonq2> bashfulrobot: hi :)

 20:24 <bashfulrobot> Well there is a small consideration with Budgie in the longer term. If you consider upstream has started work on the version 11 of the desktop, there is going to be a lot of work there. Efforts (this is my opinion - Other team members may see it differently) are going to need to ramp up there to get to a sane baseline. And with that come a lot of decisions for the applications, how our community will

 20:24 <bashfulrobot> react to the chang from GTK to QT. So while I say slow and steady - that is more of a self-assessment vs. a project assessment. Being rather new to the overall developer related tasks and hte community I have a slight ramp up time. In newer tasks vs someone who has worked withing the larger ecosystem.

 20:24 <bashfulrobot> Sorry -was typing

 20:25 <bashfulrobot> well spell correcting. :-)

 20:25 <tsimonq2> It's all good :)

 20:25 <tsimonq2> I think that's fair, thanks

 20:25 <popey> :)

 20:26 <popey> I'm good.

 20:26 <popey> Thanks bashfulrobot

 20:26 <bashfulrobot> But with that ramp up time and as I formulate relationships with other contributors - I know there is nothing but improvement (on my part) coming. And hopefully more cross project collab.

 20:26 <tsimonq2> #vote bashfulrobot's Ubuntu Membership

 20:26 <meetingology> Please vote on: bashfulrobot's Ubuntu Membership

 20:26 <meetingology> Public votes can be registered by saying +1, +0 or -1 in channel, (for private voting, private message me with 'vote +1/-1/+0 #channelname)

 20:26 <elacheche> +1 Good work bashfulrobot :)

 20:26 <meetingology> +1 Good work bashfulrobot :) received from elacheche

 20:26 <tsimonq2> +1 keep up the awesome work, I hope tosee you around :D

 20:26 <meetingology> +1 keep up the awesome work, I hope tosee you around :D received from tsimonq2

 20:27 <tsimonq2> *ahem* wxl ;)

 20:27 <popey> +1

 20:27 <meetingology> +1 received from popey

 20:27 <popey> /kick wxl

 20:28 <elacheche> :)

 20:29 <wxl> +1 great work; keep it up!

 20:29 <meetingology> +1 great work; keep it up! received from wxl

 20:29 <wxl> sorry work called me away

 20:29 <tsimonq2> #endvote

 20:29 <meetingology> Voting ended on: bashfulrobot's Ubuntu Membership

 20:29 <meetingology> Votes for:4 Votes against:0 Abstentions:0

 20:29 <meetingology> Motion carried

 20:29 <tsimonq2> Congrats!

 20:29 <bashfulrobot> Thank yo uall!

 20:29 <kyrofa> Congratulations bashfulrobot, you deserve it :)

 20:29 <fossfreedom> well done bashfulrobot

 20:29 <elacheche> Congrats bashfulrobot :)

 20:30 <bashfulrobot> Appreciate the feedback.

 20:30 <tsimonq2> #topic AOB?

 20:30 <bashfulrobot> And invite critique for improvement if you see me floating around in the community.

 20:30 <tsimonq2> Anything else, y'all?

 20:30 <tsimonq2> bashfulrobot: :D

 20:30 <bashfulrobot> Are there any next steps or action items on my side of th efence for this process?

 20:31 <bashfulrobot> (runnig nto the wiki)

 20:31 <tsimonq2> I can catch up with you in a bit

 20:31 <tsimonq2> AOB...

 20:31 <tsimonq2> 10

 20:31 <tsimonq2> 9

 20:31 <tsimonq2> 8

 20:31 <popey> Keep doing what you're doing :)

 20:31 <tsimonq2> 7

 20:31 <bashfulrobot> ok. Sounds good.

 20:31 <tsimonq2> 6

 20:31 <popey> That's your action item :)

 20:31 <tsimonq2> 5

 20:31 <tsimonq2> 4

 20:31 <tsimonq2> 3

 20:31 <bashfulrobot> ha ha - done!!

 20:31 <tsimonq2> 2

 20:31 <tsimonq2> 1

 20:31 <tsimonq2> :D

 20:31 <tsimonq2> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)