== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 06 Aug at 16:31 &mdash; 16:48 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2018/ubuntu-meeting.2018-08-06-16.31.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting 
=== Announcements ===
The discussion about "Announcements" started at 16:31.


=== Weekly stand-up report ===
The discussion about "Weekly stand-up report" started at 16:31.


=== Highlighted packages ===
The discussion about "Highlighted packages" started at 16:45.


=== Miscellaneous and Questions ===
The discussion about "Miscellaneous and Questions" started at 16:45.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * ratliff (22)
 * jjohansen (10)
 * jdstrand (7)
 * sbeattie (6)
 * ebarretto (6)
 * leosilva (5)
 * mdeslaur (5)
 * msalvatore (4)
 * meetingology (3)



== Full Log ==


 16:31 <ratliff> #startmeeting

 16:31 <meetingology> Meeting started Mon Aug  6 16:31:08 2018 UTC.  The chair is ratliff. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:31 <meetingology> 

 16:31 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 16:31 <leosilva> o/

 16:31 <ratliff> The meeting agenda can be found at:

 16:31 <ratliff> [LINK] https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting

 16:31 <ratliff> [TOPIC] Announcements

 16:31 <ratliff> We have no new announcements this week.

 16:31 <ratliff> [TOPIC] Weekly stand-up report

 16:32 <ratliff> jdstrand: you're up

 16:32 <jdstrand> This week I plan to work on:

 16:32 <jdstrand> - finishing the socketcall() deprecation in snapd

 16:32 <jdstrand> - brand store snap declarations

 16:32 <jdstrand> - various snapd PR reviews

 16:32 <jdstrand> - kubernetes-support interfaces

 16:32 <jdstrand> - embargoed issue

 16:32 <jdstrand> mdeslaur: you're up

 16:34 <mdeslaur> I'm in the happy place this week

 16:34 <mdeslaur> I'm travelling all week, I'll be back next tuesday

 16:34 <mdeslaur> I'm doing some travel preparations today and re-spinning some embargoed packages

 16:35 <mdeslaur> that's about it

 16:35 <mdeslaur> sbeattie: you're up

 16:35 <sbeattie> I'm on bug triage this week

 16:35 <sbeattie> I have some kernel triage and signoffs to do.

 16:35 <sbeattie> I also have intel-microcode updates sitting in the security-proposed ppa to be tested and published.

 16:35 <sbeattie> I have an embargoed issue pending.

 16:36 <sbeattie> And I have a mountain of email to go through now that I'm back from vacation.

 16:36 <sbeattie> That's the highlights for me; jjohansen, you're up.

 16:39 <ratliff> I'll go ahead and we can circle back around to jjohansen in a bit.

 16:39 <jjohansen> need to look into 1783922 and report regression around bind mounts on 4.18

 16:39 <ratliff> I'm on CVE triage this week.

 16:39 <ratliff> I'm working on an embargoed issue, internal work.

 16:40 <ratliff> I also plan to publish information about our CVE assignments to MITRE this week (via github).

 16:40 <ratliff> oops, jjohansen go ahead, sorry to interrupt

 16:40 <jjohansen> not at all

 16:41 <jjohansen> I need to look into 1783922 and report regression around bind mounts on 4.18

 16:41 <jjohansen> then I need to look into the latest revisions in dhowell's mount rework around apparmor

 16:41 <jjohansen> and I really need to try and get to mjgs secmark patch for apparmor, I expect that will take the rest of the week and then some

 16:41 <jjohansen> if I have time after those I will go back to the work needed to finish getting apparmor 3.0 out the door

 16:41 <jjohansen> the largest item remaining is dealing with the differences between 2 feature abi sets (kernel and policy)

 16:42 <jjohansen> thats it for me, sarnold you are up

 16:42 <ratliff> I think that sarnold is travelling today

 16:42 <jjohansen> oh right, debconf

 16:42 <ratliff> leosilva: you are up

 16:42 <leosilva> I'm in the happy place

 16:43 <leosilva> I finished some min ago the libxcursor usn and will follow to the next lftp

 16:43 <leosilva> other than that I'm hunting

 16:43 <leosilva> msalvatore: you're up

 16:43 <msalvatore> I'm in the happy place this week.

 16:43 <msalvatore> I spent last week working through improvements/additions to some internal tooling.

 16:43 <msalvatore> This week I'm focusing on performing security updates to some packages in universe.

 16:44 <msalvatore> that's it for me. ebarretto, you're up.

 16:44 <ebarretto> I'm in the happy place this week:

 16:44 <ebarretto> - I'm working on libtomcrypt update ... planning on releasing it today.

 16:44 <ebarretto> - next packages to be updated still to be decided.

 16:44 <ebarretto> - if you find any issues on the updated packages, please let us know asap, thanks!

 16:44 <ebarretto> - and thank you all that reported issues on jansson last week!

 16:44 <ebarretto> ratliff, back to you

 16:45 <ratliff> thank you!

 16:45 <ratliff> [TOPIC] Highlighted packages

 16:45 <ratliff> The Ubuntu Security team suggests that contributors look into merging Debian security updates in community-supported packages. If you would like to help Ubuntu but are not sure where to start, this is a great way to do so.

 16:45 <ratliff> See http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/d2u/ for available merges and https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/UpdateProcedures for details on preparing Ubuntu security updates. If you have any questions, feel free to ask in #ubuntu-hardened. To find out other ways of helping out, please see https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/GettingInvolved.

 16:45 <ratliff> [TOPIC] Miscellaneous and Questions

 16:45 <ratliff> Does anyone have any other questions or items to discuss?

 16:48 <ratliff> jdstrand, mdeslaur, sbeattie, jjohansen, leosilva, msalvatore, ebarretto: Thanks!

 16:48 <jjohansen> thanks ratliff

 16:48 <ratliff> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)