== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting: Ubuntu Developer Membership Board, 07 May at 15:02 &mdash; 15:27 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2018/ubuntu-meeting.2018-05-07-15.02.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Review of previous action items ===
The discussion about "Review of previous action items" started at 15:02.


=== DMB election results ===
The discussion about "DMB election results" started at 15:04.

  * ''LINK:'' https://irclogs.ubuntu.com/2017/09/11/%23ubuntu-meeting.html#t20:15 
  * ''Vote:'' Confirm election results (Carried)
  * ''ACTION:'' jbicha to ask TB to update DMB member status and announce results
  * ''ACTION:'' cyphermox to sort out ML / IRC channel accesses

=== Next chair ===
The discussion about "Next chair" started at 15:19.


=== Any other business ===
The discussion about "Any other business" started at 15:21.

  * ''DONE:'' 



== Vote results ==

 * [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2018/ubuntu-meeting.2018-05-07-15.02.log.html#36 Confirm election results]]
  * Motion carried (For/Against/Abstained 4/0/0)
   *  Voters cyphermox, micahg, bdmurray, jbicha



== Action items, by person ==

 * cyphermox
  * cyphermox to sort out ML / IRC channel accesses
 * jbicha
  * jbicha to ask TB to update DMB member status and announce results



== Done items ==

 * 



== People present (lines said) ==

 * cyphermox (52)
 * meetingology (14)
 * sil2100 (12)
 * jbicha (11)
 * micahg (6)
 * slashd (5)
 * tsimonq2 (5)
 * bdmurray (1)



== Full Log ==


 15:02 <cyphermox> #startmeeting Ubuntu Developer Membership Board

 15:02 <meetingology> Meeting started Mon May  7 15:02:20 2018 UTC.  The chair is cyphermox. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 15:02 <meetingology> 

 15:02 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 15:02 <cyphermox> #topic Review of previous action items

 15:03 <cyphermox> jbicha: arrange call for nominations and elections; that's very done.

 15:03 <jbicha> we just need to confirm the results

 15:03 <cyphermox> that'll go next

 15:04 <cyphermox> no other outstanding items

 15:04 <cyphermox> #topic DMB election results

 15:04 <cyphermox> jbicha: want to take it away?

 15:05 <cyphermox> or I'll add

 15:05 <jbicha> I'll let you do it :)

 15:05 <cyphermox> So; we have DMB members re-elected:   rbasak,  micahg,  sil2100

 15:06 <sil2100> \o/

 15:06 <cyphermox> and two new DMB members:   slashd   and   tsimonq2

 15:06 <cyphermox> seemsl ike tsimonq2 is potentially away.

 15:07 <slashd> Congrats micahg sil2100 tsimonq2 rbasak

 15:07 <cyphermox> congrats everyone

 15:07 <cyphermox> I don't know that there's any formal procedure to "confirm results", that's certainly not in docs, and wouldn't make sense for /us/ to confirm it -- it's the TB's job to process adding people to the right team

 15:08 <cyphermox> however, it doesn't look like that has been done yet.

 15:08 <sil2100> Thanks o/

 15:08 <jbicha> last year we had a vote

 15:08 <micahg> we usually just take a vote

 15:08 <sil2100> Congrats slashd o/

 15:09 <cyphermox> jbicha: vote is nonsensical in that process

 15:09 <cyphermox> if you really insist

 15:09 <micahg> it's a vote to certify

 15:09 <cyphermox> we're two, for one we're not quorate, and like I said, what's the point of us confirming election results?

 15:09 <jbicha> https://irclogs.ubuntu.com/2017/09/11/%23ubuntu-meeting.html#t20:15

 15:10 <jbicha> it is funny that there would technically only be two of us…

 15:10 <cyphermox> micahg: my point is, it is nonsensical for the board itself to certify election results for itself

 15:10 <cyphermox> that would potentially make more sense if the TB did ;)

 15:10 <cyphermox> since the TB/CC delegate membership/upload rights decisions to us

 15:11 <cyphermox> let's just do it now

 15:11 <cyphermox> #vote Confirm election results

 15:11 <meetingology> Please vote on: Confirm election results

 15:11 <meetingology> Public votes can be registered by saying +1, +0 or -1 in channel, (for private voting, private message me with 'vote +1/-1/+0 #channelname)

 15:11 <micahg> +1

 15:11 <meetingology> +1 received from micahg

 15:11 <cyphermox> +1

 15:11 <meetingology> +1 received from cyphermox

 15:11 <jbicha> +1

 15:11 <meetingology> +1 received from jbicha

 15:11 <bdmurray> +1

 15:11 <meetingology> +1 received from bdmurray

 15:14 <cyphermox> that's quorum I guess

 15:14 <cyphermox> #endvote

 15:14 <meetingology> Voting ended on: Confirm election results

 15:14 <meetingology> Votes for:4 Votes against:0 Abstentions:0

 15:14 <meetingology> Motion carried

 15:15 <sil2100> I wasn't sure if I was to vote

 15:15 <tsimonq2> I apologize.

 15:15 <tsimonq2> I'm here.

 15:15 <sil2100> Since it's a bit strange to vote for myself

 15:15 <jbicha> sil2100: I think the biggest issue is whether anyone had objections to the election results and I'm not aware of any so…

 15:16 <cyphermox> sil2100: it's fine.

 15:16 <sil2100> Ok

 15:17 <cyphermox> We do not have applicants to upload rights at this time, so I suggest we move ahead

 15:18 <cyphermox> nothing on the ML either?

 15:18 <jbicha> #action jbicha to ask TB to update DMB member status and announce results

 15:18 * meetingology jbicha to ask TB to update DMB member status and announce results

 15:18 <cyphermox> ta

 15:18 <cyphermox> jbicha, also update the mailing list access

 15:18 <jbicha> could someone else take care of ensuring the new members get added to the IRC channel & mailing list?

 15:18 <cyphermox> ack

 15:19 <cyphermox> #action cyphermox to sort out ML / IRC channel accesses

 15:19 * meetingology cyphermox to sort out ML / IRC channel accesses

 15:19 <jbicha> thanks

 15:19 <cyphermox> #topic Next chair

 15:19 <cyphermox> we should update the list, and attempt to follow it better ;)

 15:19 <micahg> indeed

 15:20 <cyphermox> anyone wants to go first for this new DMB iteration?

 15:20 <cyphermox> or do an explicit next chair thing every meeting.

 15:20 <micahg> I won't be at the next meeting, so I can't volunteer

 15:20 <jbicha> so next meeting is scheduled for May 21 at 19:00 UTC unless there are objections

 15:20 <cyphermox> ack

 15:20 <sil2100> I can chair if anything

 15:21 <tsimonq2> Ah, just checked timing, I can too.

 15:21 <cyphermox> sil2100: you win ;)

 15:21 <slashd> I prefer to wait thing to be official before being volunteering.

 15:21 <cyphermox> #topic Any other business

 15:22 <tsimonq2> I'll chair for next meeting + 2 :)

 15:22 <cyphermox> slashd: things are official, we just need to fix up permissions

 15:22 <sil2100> :)

 15:22 <slashd> cyphermox, ok

 15:22 <cyphermox> but for ease of use, I'll script up the meeting process like I have for others

 15:22 <micahg> Thanks to bdmurray and Ben Collins for their service

 15:22 <cyphermox> absolutely

 15:23 <tsimonq2> Thanks!

 15:24 <cyphermox> #agreed The DMB thanks Brian Murray and Ben Collins for their service as DMB members.

 15:24 <sil2100> Thanks!

 15:25 <cyphermox> #agreed The DMB welcomes new members Simon Quigley and Eric Desrochers, and congratulates Micah Gersten, Lukasz Zemczak and Robie Basak for their re-election

 15:25 <cyphermox> I think that captures it ;)

 15:26 <sil2100> Let's party!

 15:26 <cyphermox> sorry if I butchered anyone's name

 15:26 <sil2100> |o/

 15:26 <sil2100> \o|

 15:26 <cyphermox> anything I am forgetting?

 15:26 <slashd> cyphermox, you are probably the best to pronounce my last name here ;) lol

 15:26 <cyphermox> slashd: you know I can butcher that too.

 15:26 <slashd> ;)

 15:26 <cyphermox> alrighty, I think we're very done.

 15:27 <cyphermox> #done

 15:27 <cyphermox> heh

 15:27 <cyphermox> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)