== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 13 Aug at 16:30 &mdash; 16:43 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2018/ubuntu-meeting.2018-08-13-16.30.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting 
=== Announcements ===
The discussion about "Announcements" started at 16:31.


=== Weekly stand-up report ===
The discussion about "Weekly stand-up report" started at 16:31.


=== Highlighted packages ===
The discussion about "Highlighted packages" started at 16:41.


=== Miscellaneous and Questions ===
The discussion about "Miscellaneous and Questions" started at 16:41.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * ratliff (19)
 * ebarretto (13)
 * jdstrand (11)
 * sbeattie (7)
 * msalvatore (6)
 * jjohansen (5)
 * chrisccoulson (4)
 * meetingology (3)
 * sarnold (2)



== Full Log ==


 16:30 <ratliff> #startmeeting

 16:30 <meetingology> Meeting started Mon Aug 13 16:30:28 2018 UTC.  The chair is ratliff. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:30 <meetingology> 

 16:30 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 16:30 * sbeattie waves hello

 16:30 <ratliff> The meeting agenda can be found at:

 16:30 <ratliff> [LINK] https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting

 16:31 <ratliff> [TOPIC] Announcements

 16:31 <ratliff> There are no new announcements today.

 16:31 <ratliff> [TOPIC] Weekly stand-up report

 16:31 <ratliff> jdstrand: you're up

 16:32 <jdstrand> hey

 16:33 <jdstrand> This week:

 16:33 <jdstrand> - continue ESM alignment

 16:33 <jdstrand> - various snapd policy updates for 2.35

 16:33 <jdstrand> - brand store snap declarations

 16:33 <jdstrand> - anbox-support

 16:33 <jdstrand> - kubernetes-support interfaces

 16:33 <jdstrand> - various snapd PR reviews

 16:33 <jdstrand> - two embargoed items

 16:33 <jdstrand> that's it from me

 16:33 <ratliff> sbeattie: your turn

 16:33 <sbeattie> I'm on community this week

 16:34 <sbeattie> I have two embargoed issues I'm involved in

 16:34 <sbeattie> I'm also working on a bind9 update

 16:35 <sbeattie> I have some apparmor stuff on my back burner

 16:35 <sbeattie> and that' probably the major points for me this week.

 16:35 <sbeattie> jjohansen: over to you

 16:35 <jjohansen> I need to finish getting together the 4.19 apparmor pull request.

 16:35 <jjohansen> I have more work to do going through dhowell's mount rework patchset, so we can come up with a reasonable plan for how apparmor is going to deal with the changes.

 16:35 <jjohansen> I need to try and get an apparmor 3 alpha this week

 16:35 <jjohansen> I really need to spend some time on mjg's secmark patch for apparmor

 16:36 <jjohansen> thats it for me sarnold you are up

 16:36 <sarnold> I'm on bug triage this week; I'll be working down the MIRs, and doing any patch reviews for jjohansen as he asks for them

 16:36 <sarnold> that's it for me, .. is chrisccoulson back?

 16:36 <chrisccoulson> I'm just finishing off a GDM update

 16:37 <chrisccoulson> then I've got a rust / cargo update to do

 16:37 <chrisccoulson> there was a firefox update last week. I might do that too

 16:37 <chrisccoulson> that will probably be it for my week

 16:37 <ratliff> thanks, chrisccoulson

 16:38 <ratliff> this is my last week at Canonical, so I'm primarily focused on finishing up my internal work. I have loved being a member of the Ubuntu Security Team.

 16:39 <ratliff> ebarretto: leosilva is next, will you give his status, please?

 16:39 <ebarretto> sure

 16:39 <ebarretto> leosilva is in the happy place this week:

 16:39 <ebarretto> - finishing libarchive USN

 16:39 <ebarretto> - working in libxml2 update

 16:39 <ebarretto> - waiting for testers for wpa pkg - please feel free to test it. it's in proposed

 16:39 <ebarretto> - other than that leo is hunting pkg to update

 16:39 <ebarretto> msalvatore, your turn

 16:39 <msalvatore> I'm on CVE Triage this week.

 16:39 <msalvatore> I'm currently working on some Node.js fixes that I hope to publish this afternoon.

 16:40 <msalvatore> I'm planning to work on some redis fixes this week.

 16:40 <msalvatore> In addition, I'll be working on some documentation for ESM alignment.

 16:40 <msalvatore> That's it for me.

 16:40 <msalvatore> I think it's back to you, ebarretto.

 16:40 <ebarretto> I'm in the happy place this week:

 16:40 <ebarretto> - ESM alignment

 16:40 <ebarretto> - I've two package updates to be released today

 16:40 <ebarretto> - I'm doing some internal tools changes

 16:40 <ebarretto> - I've also done some CVE re-triage last week and will continue to do this week

 16:41 <ebarretto> ratliff, back to you

 16:41 <ratliff> thanks!

 16:41 <ratliff> [TOPIC] Highlighted packages

 16:41 <ratliff> The Ubuntu Security team suggests that contributors look into merging Debian security updates in community-supported packages. If you would like to help Ubuntu but are not sure where to start, this is a great way to do so.

 16:41 <ratliff> See http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/d2u/ for available merges and https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/UpdateProcedures for details on preparing Ubuntu security updates. If you have any questions, feel free to ask in #ubuntu-hardened. To find out other ways of helping out, please see https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/GettingInvolved.

 16:41 <ratliff> [TOPIC] Miscellaneous and Questions

 16:41 <ratliff> Does anyone have any other questions or items to discuss?

 16:43 <ratliff> jdstrand, sbeattie, jjohansen, sarnold, chrisccoulson, msalvatore, ebarretto: Thanks!

 16:43 <jdstrand> ratliff: thank you for everything you've done for the team and for the millions of Ubuntu users out there by leading the team :)

 16:43 <ratliff> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)