== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 08 Nov at 16:14 &mdash; 16:34 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2018/ubuntu-meeting.2018-11-08-16.14.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning round ===
The discussion about "Lightning round" started at 16:15.


=== Bugs ===
The discussion about "Bugs" started at 16:26.


=== AOB ===
The discussion about "AOB" started at 16:27.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * bdmurray (27)
 * vorlon (23)
 * ubottu (12)
 * cyphermox (12)
 * rbalint (6)
 * xnox (5)
 * tdaitx (5)
 * tobikoch (4)
 * Odd_Bloke (4)
 * meetingology (3)



== Full Log ==


 16:14 <vorlon> #startmeeting

 16:14 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Nov  8 16:14:31 2018 UTC.  The chair is vorlon. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:14 <meetingology> 

 16:14 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 16:15 <vorlon> [TOPIC] Lightning round

 16:15 <vorlon> $ echo $(shuf -e vorlon bdmurray xnox tdaitx doko sil2100 rbalint infinity cyphermox mwhudson rcj philroche Odd_Bloke juliank fginther platonical tobijk)

 16:15 <vorlon> sil2100 vorlon juliank rcj doko infinity tobijk bdmurray mwhudson xnox Odd_Bloke rbalint tdaitx platonical fginther philroche cyphermox

 16:16 <vorlon> hmm I seem to have run the command wrong because I'm the first person listed who's not on vacation

 16:17 <cyphermox> vorlon: I think you'll want to use a wiser shuf

 16:17 <vorlon> * short week; was out yesterday

 16:17 <vorlon> * catch-up SRU processing on last Friday, making some headway against the queue

 16:17 <vorlon> * discussions around installer work for 19.04

 16:17 <vorlon> * proposed-migration work for fixing perl transition and getting the archive open

 16:17 <vorlon> * out next Monday (Veterans Day)

 16:18 <vorlon> (done)

 16:18 <vorlon> juliank: ?

 16:18 <vorlon> rcj is out

 16:18 <vorlon> doko:

 16:18 <bdmurray> I think its too soon for him

 16:18 <bdmurray> rcj is travelling

 16:18 <bdmurray> doko: ?

 16:19 <bdmurray> infinity isn't here so tobikoch!

 16:19 <tobikoch> * Crossed the Golden Gate Bridge.

 16:19 <tobikoch> * Worked on point-in-time fixing of snap versions during image builds.

 16:19 <tobikoch> (done)

 16:19 <tobikoch> bdmurray:

 16:20 <bdmurray> submitted RT re staging ET access to www.apache.org

 16:20 <bdmurray> updated ET mojo spec to use apache cassandra had MP for that merged

 16:20 <bdmurray> modified errors code to add arm64 to the architecture drop down box

 16:20 <bdmurray> submitted RT regarding update of errors code in production

 16:20 <bdmurray> updated retracer configuration branch (+disco) on Launchpad retracer

 16:20 <bdmurray> created disco test crashes

 16:20 <bdmurray> updated meta-release-development for disco

 16:20 <bdmurray> updated meta-release and m-r-proposed for cosmic's new u-r-u

 16:20 <xnox> tobikoch, golden gate bridge ++

 16:20 <bdmurray> uploaded B,C fixes for LP: #1799710 and LP: #1799839

 16:20 <bdmurray> SRU verified the fixes for the above, got it released early

 16:20 <bdmurray> uploaded X fix for LP: #1797209 (awaiting review)

 16:20 <bdmurray> submitted PR for ubiquity dropping dep on ido (needs review)

 16:20 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1799710 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu) "18.04->18.10: update-manager don't show upgrade page" [High,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1799710

 16:20 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1799839 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu) "not possible to use "Repair broken packages"" [High,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1799839

 16:20 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1797209 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu Xenial) "do-release-upgrade should block release upgrades in some circumstances" [Undecided,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1797209

 16:20 <bdmurray> worked on adding icon for ubuntu-release-upgrader bits LP: #1797384

 16:20 <bdmurray> tested cyphermox's PPA fixing LP: #1794292

 16:20 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1797384 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu) "release upgrader has no icon in gnome-shell dock" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1797384

 16:20 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1794292 in plymouth (Ubuntu Cosmic) "plymouthd crashed with SIGSEGV in /sbin/plymouthd:11 in ply_renderer_set_handler_for_input_source -> ply_keyboard_stop_watching_for_renderer_input -> ply_keyboard_stop_watching_for_input -> ply_device_manager_deactivate_keyboards -> on_deactivate" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1794292

 16:20 <vorlon> (ah shoot, one week soon I will have all the IRC nicks right again in the shuf)

 16:20 <bdmurray> âœ”

 16:21 <bdmurray> xnox:

 16:21 <xnox> * Helping out unbreaking desktop/server images

 16:21 <xnox> * Helping out with migrations, a bit

 16:21 <xnox> * Still doing planning/scoping work for subiquity for this cycle

 16:21 <xnox> done

 16:21 <bdmurray> Odd_Bloke:

 16:22 <bdmurray> rbalint:

 16:23 <rbalint> (short week due to driving on the wrong side up to Monday)

 16:23 <rbalint> * verified LP: #172680

 16:23 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 172680 in Exaile "GUI error in ipod track list" [Undecided,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/172680

 16:23 <rbalint> * released unattended-upgrades 1.7 merging all the Ubuntu delta thus it becomes a sync when disco opens

 16:23 <rbalint> * further u-u fixes

 16:23 <rbalint> * preparing LP: #1702793

 16:23 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1702793 in unattended-upgrades (Ubuntu) "Full backport SRU for unattended-upgrades" [Wishlist,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1702793

 16:23 <rbalint> (done)

 16:23 <Odd_Bloke> * Off last week, sprint the week before

 16:23 <Odd_Bloke> * Catching up on email

 16:23 <Odd_Bloke> * Cloud images vanguard

 16:23 <Odd_Bloke> (done)

 16:23 <tdaitx> * building openjdk-7 with patches for 7u201-b00

 16:23 <tdaitx> * openjdk-8 8u191 with autopkgtest enabled

 16:23 <tdaitx> * fixed gradle build issue that caused other packages to fail

 16:23 <tdaitx> * fixed jtreg build issue that caused it to fail when running on openjdk-8

 16:23 <tdaitx> (done)

 16:24 <bdmurray> cyphermox: your turn

 16:24 <cyphermox> - netplan.io SRUs back to bionic finished (LP: #1793309)

 16:24 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1793309 in netplan.io (Ubuntu Bionic) "Backport netplan.io 0.40 to bionic" [Undecided,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1793309

 16:24 <cyphermox> - add netplan tunnel support

 16:24 <cyphermox> - shim-review: CentOS

 16:24 <cyphermox> - more debugging plymouth's crash (bug LP: #1794292)

 16:24 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1794292 in plymouth (Ubuntu Cosmic) "plymouthd crashed with SIGSEGV in /sbin/plymouthd:11 in ply_renderer_set_handler_for_input_source -> ply_keyboard_stop_watching_for_renderer_input -> ply_keyboard_stop_watching_for_input -> ply_device_manager_deactivate_keyboards -> on_deactivate" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1794292

 16:24 <cyphermox> - fix missing config update for GRUB_TIMEOUT change (LP: #1784363)

 16:24 <cyphermox> - casper a11y fix: screen reader not starting

 16:24 <cyphermox> - task planning for UEFI Secure Boot policy changes

 16:24 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1784363 in grub2 (Ubuntu Bionic) "High delay when booting (grub waits with a blank purple screen for 10 seconds before booting the kernel)" [High,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1784363

 16:24 <cyphermox> - grub2 xenial Windows10-chainload fix (LP: #1792575)

 16:24 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1792575 in shim-signed (Ubuntu Xenial) "Boot failure with efi shims from 20180913.0" [Undecided,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1792575

 16:24 <cyphermox> (done)

 16:25 <vorlon> cyphermox: netplan.io srus \o/

 16:25 <bdmurray> vorlon: that's a status wrap

 16:25 <vorlon> questions over status?

 16:26 <cyphermox> vorlon: only as long as they don't regress

 16:26 <vorlon> [TOPIC] Bugs

 16:26 <vorlon> bdmurray: is itching to tell us about bugs

 16:27 <bdmurray> not much exciting at the moment other than bug 1802135 which is being investigated

 16:27 <ubottu> bug 1802135 in kmod (Ubuntu) "broken touchpad after i2c-i801 blacklist change" [Critical,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1802135

 16:27 <bdmurray> so that's all from me

 16:27 <vorlon> ok

 16:27 <vorlon> [TOPIC] AOB

 16:27 <vorlon> anything else?

 16:28 <cyphermox> There's a LEGO convention this weekend here. :)

 16:28 <bdmurray> I'm going to take tomorrow off instead of Monday

 16:34 <vorlon> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)