== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 01 Nov at 15:05 &mdash; 15:39 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2018/ubuntu-meeting.2018-11-01-15.05.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning Round ===
The discussion about "Lightning Round" started at 15:06.


=== Bugs ===
The discussion about "Bugs" started at 15:26.


=== AOB ===
The discussion about "AOB" started at 15:32.

  * ''LINK:'' https://code.launchpad.net/~brian-murray/apport/lp-disco-retracers/+merge/358034 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses.html -> look at build failures, fix them
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses.html -> fix those



== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * vorlon (48)
 * bdmurray (27)
 * doko (20)
 * ubottu (19)
 * cyphermox (18)
 * xnox (15)
 * juliank (13)
 * tdaitx (13)
 * infinity (11)
 * rcj (6)
 * fginther (5)
 * platonical (5)
 * philroche (4)
 * gaughen (4)
 * meetingology (3)
 * tribaal (1)



== Full Log ==


 15:05 <vorlon> #startmeeting

 15:05 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Nov  1 15:05:15 2018 UTC.  The chair is vorlon. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 15:05 <meetingology> 

 15:05 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 15:06 <vorlon> [TOPIC] Lightning Round

 15:06 <vorlon> $ echo $(shuf -e vorlon bdmurray xnox tdaitx doko sil2100 rbalint infinity cyphermox mwhudson rcj philroche Odd_Bloke juliank fginther cshep tobijk)

 15:06 <vorlon> tobijk juliank sil2100 xnox doko bdmurray fginther mwhudson cyphermox rbalint philroche rcj Odd_Bloke infinity tdaitx vorlon cshep

 15:06 <philroche> tobikoch/tobijk is OoO

 15:06 <juliank> * python-apt update for disco

 15:06 <juliank> * verified regressions in bionic

 15:06 <juliank> * wondering about weird bug 1644643

 15:06 <ubottu> bug 1644643 in apt (Ubuntu) "apt failed to run due to link time reference error" [Undecided,Incomplete] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1644643

 15:06 <juliank> * assisted in fixing python symlink check in ubuntu-release-upgrader (LP: #1799839)

 15:07 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1799839 in friendly-recovery (Ubuntu) "not possible to use "Repair broken packages"" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1799839

 15:07 <juliank> * analyising a problem with apt regarding downloads failing sometimes for unknown errors

 15:07 <juliank> * merge proposal: minimize-manual livecd-rootfs for bionic (LP: #1800610)

 15:07 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1800610 in livecd-rootfs (Ubuntu Bionic) "[SRU] minimize number of manually installed packages" [Undecided,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1800610

 15:07 <juliank> * further work on socket-activated PackageKit/aptdaemon debconf frontend

 15:07 <juliank> (done)

 15:07 <juliank> sil2100 is not in here

 15:07 <juliank> xnox:

 15:08 <xnox> * Discussing s390x installer plans for this cycle

 15:08 <xnox> * Verified / is now released

 15:08 <xnox> bug #1798367

 15:08 <xnox> bug #1777600

 15:08 <xnox> bug #1794308

 15:08 <ubottu> bug 1798367 in nodejs (Ubuntu Bionic) "[SRU] nodejs should use openssl1.0 in testing as well" [Undecided,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1798367

 15:08 <xnox> * Preparing fixup upload of boost/mongo

 15:08 <ubottu> bug 1777600 in Ubuntu on IBM z Systems "chzdev can't find modprobe" [High,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1777600

 15:08 <ubottu> bug 1794308 in Ubuntu on IBM z Systems "VM devices rdr, pun and prt are not activated after restart" [Medium,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1794308

 15:08 <xnox> * Blocked / awaiting review:

 15:08 <xnox> ubuntu-keyring sru still not accepted https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/ubuntu-keyring/+bug/1798073

 15:08 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1798073 in ubuntu-keyring (Ubuntu Bionic) "[SRU] Provide 2018 archive signing key on stable releases" [Undecided,In progress]

 15:08 <xnox> dual-signing DD is not merged https://code.launchpad.net/~xnox/ubuntu-archive-publishing/dual-sign-2018/+merge/356919

 15:08 <xnox> systemd stuck in bionic unapproved

 15:08 <xnox> ðŸŽ„

 15:08 <cyphermox> xnox: doesn't show

 15:09 <xnox> =(

 15:09 <juliank> xnox: christmas tree?

 15:09 <xnox> yeap

 15:09 <vorlon> doko:

 15:10 <infinity> (doko) Vell, vhat I have done iz to upload ze toolchain und make vis starting ze pyson transition.

 15:10 <vorlon> (is it a national holiday where he is?)

 15:11 <vorlon> bdmurray:

 15:11 <bdmurray> reported apport bug re -dbg and -dbgsym packages LP: #1800177

 15:11 <bdmurray> merged my fix for the above apport bug and updated Launchpad retracers

 15:11 <bdmurray> worked with webops to get extra core files in swift requeued

 15:11 <bdmurray> modified errors graph legend to not include End of Life releases

 15:11 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1800177 in Apport "apport-retrace fails to find -dbgsym packages for a package which stopped producing -dbg packages" [High,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1800177

 15:11 <bdmurray> addeded support for disco to errors and daisy code bases

 15:11 <bdmurray> submitted RT regarding updated of production version of both

 15:11 <bdmurray> setup rls-dd reports

 15:11 <bdmurray> tested debconf dialog bug LP: #1798656

 15:11 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1798656 in debconf (Ubuntu) "gtk3 frontend gives no widget for answering a boolean prompt" [Critical,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1798656

 15:11 <bdmurray> uploaded fix for do-release-upgrade and phased-updates (LP: #1799710)

 15:11 <bdmurray> uploaded improved _pythonSymlinkCheck for ubuntu-release-upgrader (LP: #1799839)

 15:11 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1799710 in update-manager (Ubuntu) "18.04->18.10: update-manager don't show upgrade page" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1799710

 15:11 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1799839 in friendly-recovery (Ubuntu) "not possible to use "Repair broken packages"" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1799839

 15:11 <bdmurray> reported and uploaded fixes for LP: #1800945 (disco and debootstrap)

 15:11 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1800945 in debootstrap (Ubuntu Cosmic) "Add Ubuntu disco as as supported release" [Undecided,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1800945

 15:11 <bdmurray> SRU verification of secureboot-db (LP: #1776996)

 15:11 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1776996 in secureboot-db (Ubuntu Bionic) "secureboot-db out of date, missing revocations from Aug 2016" [Medium,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1776996

 15:12 <bdmurray> wrote a job to find new packages in main w/o subscribers

 15:12 <bdmurray> âœ” done

 15:12 <vorlon> fginther:

 15:12 <doko> sorry ...

 15:12 <fginther> doko, go ahead

 15:12 <doko> python* SRU's for bionic and cosmic

 15:12 <doko> toolchain updates for disco

 15:12 <doko> python3 transition for disco (3.7)

 15:13 <doko> having fun :-/

 15:13 <doko> (not yet done)

 15:13 <infinity> Your emoticon disagrees with your statement.  I'm not sure which to believe.

 15:13 <doko> looking at -med and -sciencing packaging makes me sad

 15:14 <vorlon> doko: transition not done, but is your status report?

 15:15 <doko> yes

 15:15 <vorlon> fginther:

 15:16 <fginther> Fixed issue with trusty maas builds

 15:16 <fginther> Some minor cosmic -> disco transition work

 15:16 <fginther> Finished work to enable a ssh user redirect feature for a partner

 15:17 <fginther> done

 15:17 <cyphermox> - SRU verifications for netplan.io bionic

 15:17 <cyphermox> - SRU verifications for shim in xenial

 15:17 <cyphermox> - debugging DHCPv6 with m.deslaur

 15:17 <cyphermox> - debugging ppp vpn for Will (LP: #1778946)

 15:17 <cyphermox> - planning for shim future work; Edk2 integration, shim 16 release, etc.

 15:17 <cyphermox> - merged IPv6 privext for netplan

 15:17 <cyphermox> - more small improvements to netplan's error reporting

 15:17 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1778946 in network-manager (Ubuntu) "No dns resolution after closing a vpn/pptp connection" [Undecided,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1778946

 15:17 <cyphermox> ðŸŽ¶

 15:17 <vorlon> rbalint:

 15:18 <vorlon> cyphermox: where can I understand edk2 integration vs shim?

 15:18 <bdmurray> I thought rbalint was out

 15:18 <cyphermox> vorlon: https://github.com/rhboot/shim/issues/151

 15:18 <vorlon> ok

 15:18 <vorlon> philroche:

 15:18 <vorlon> cyphermox: thanks

 15:19 <philroche> * Monday bank holiday

 15:19 <philroche> * Cloud image customisations

 15:19 <philroche> (done)

 15:19 <rcj> rcj:

 15:19 <rcj> * some days the things I do are so secret not even I know what I'm doing

 15:19 <rcj> * cloud image work to open disco

 15:19 <vorlon> your northbridge doesn't know what your southbridge is doing?

 15:20 <rcj> * cloud image vanguarding and mentoring

 15:20 <rcj> (done)

 15:20 <vorlon> Odd_Bloke is out

 15:20 <vorlon> infinity:

 15:20 <infinity> * Archive opening, yay!

 15:20 <infinity> * Launchpad, cdimage, archive.internal, etc mangling for opening.

 15:20 <infinity> * Copy all the things!

 15:20 <infinity> * Delete some of the things!

 15:20 <infinity> * New chroots!

 15:20 <infinity> * Merges!

 15:20 <infinity> * Helping with opening python transition debugging.

 15:20 <infinity> * Got all the Ubuntu images (except for live-server, hrm) building.

 15:20 <infinity> (done)

 15:20 <tdaitx> Short week: out sick Thursday and Friday, mostly recovered now

 15:20 <tdaitx> Openjdk security update:

 15:20 <tdaitx> * regression in openjdk-8 and openjdk-10 caused by missing patch

 15:20 <tdaitx> - Oracle didn't include it in the security update for partners even though it was included in the 11.0.1 and 8u191 security updates

 15:20 <tdaitx> - related to debian bug 911925 and LP: #1800792

 15:20 <ubottu> Debian bug 911925 in openjdk-8-jdk "openjdk-8-jdk: Maven surefire crashes after update to 8u181-b13-2" [Important,Open] http://bugs.debian.org/911925

 15:20 <tdaitx> - applied missing patch to openjdk-10, under test

 15:21 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1800792 in openjdk-8 (Ubuntu) "Update to 8u181-b13-1ubuntu0.18.04.1 breaks Maven builds" [Undecided,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1800792

 15:21 <tdaitx> - updated openjdk-8 to 8u191, under test

 15:21 <tdaitx> * investigated jtreg's agentvm failure in Cosmic

 15:21 <tdaitx> - caused by java.nio.ByteBuffer.flip

 15:21 <gaughen> Lukasz is bank holidaying fyi

 15:21 <tdaitx> - bionic was not affected because jtreg was never rebuild with openjdk-9 or openjdk-10

 15:21 <tdaitx> - checking if we can build it differently or need to patch the affected code

 15:21 <tdaitx> * applied patch to fix openjdk-8 fonts (debian bug #911847)

 15:21 <ubottu> Debian bug 911847 in src:openjdk-8 "openjdk-8: Backport fix to JDK-8132985: crash in freetypescaler due to double free" [Normal,Open] http://bugs.debian.org/911847

 15:21 <tdaitx> (done)

 15:22 <vorlon> * roadmap sprint last week

 15:22 <vorlon> * was off yesterday

 15:22 <vorlon> * code reviews for ubuntu-core and armhf classic image builds

 15:22 <vorlon> * kernel SRU processing

 15:22 <vorlon> * discussions around s390x installers

 15:22 <vorlon> (done)

 15:22 <vorlon> platonical:

 15:22 <platonical> * livecd-rootfs now includes grub-efi packages

 15:22 <platonical> * cloud partner work

 15:22 <platonical> done

 15:23 <platonical> did you see it this time?

 15:23 <rcj> platonical: o/

 15:23 <vorlon> questions on status?

 15:23 <vorlon> platonical: I see your messages, if that's what you mean

 15:23 <cyphermox> vorlon: no code review for netplan WPA ?

 15:24 <platonical> vorlon, it is, thanks!

 15:24 <vorlon> cyphermox: was off yesterday; in my queue for today

 15:26 <vorlon> [TOPIC] Bugs

 15:26 <vorlon> maybe nothing at this point in the cycle, but?

 15:26 <vorlon> bdmurray:

 15:26 <bdmurray> vorlon, cyphermox: There've been some updates regarding the secureboot-db bug 1800750

 15:26 <ubottu> bug 1800750 in secureboot-db (Ubuntu) "Error message during upgrade: "Error writing key update: Permission denied"" [Undecided,Incomplete] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1800750

 15:26 <cyphermox> yup

 15:26 <vorlon> bdmurray: as long as the package install isn't failing, that's a low priority

 15:27 <bdmurray> vorlon: And it seems like it isn't failing correct?

 15:27 <vorlon> yes

 15:27 <bdmurray> Okay

 15:28 <bdmurray> Then bug 1794292 has a couple of updates

 15:28 <ubottu> bug 1794292 in plymouth (Ubuntu Cosmic) "plymouthd crashed with SIGSEGV in /sbin/plymouthd:11 in ply_renderer_set_handler_for_input_source -> ply_keyboard_stop_watching_for_renderer_input -> ply_keyboard_stop_watching_for_input -> ply_device_manager_deactivate_keyboards -> on_deactivate" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1794292

 15:28 <cyphermox> yup

 15:28 <cyphermox> now we know it's deactivation at boottime

 15:29 <vorlon> so is that bug in the prioritized queue or so?

 15:29 <cyphermox> there is a card

 15:29 <bdmurray> It might be assigned too

 15:29 <vorlon> ok

 15:30 <vorlon> then I assume we don't need to discuss it further

 15:30 <gaughen> vorlon, bdmurray cyphermox there is a card in the done column

 15:30 <vorlon> oops

 15:31 <bdmurray> well that seems like the wrong place

 15:31 <vorlon> someone want to undo the card then?

 15:31 <bdmurray> yeah some did undo the card

 15:31 <gaughen> it is undone

 15:32 <cyphermox> undone done

 15:32 <gaughen> and now it's back to inprogress with cyphermox on it

 15:32 <cyphermox> arewe done?

 15:32 <vorlon> ok, any other bugs?

 15:32 <bdmurray> Is done undone like rare?

 15:32 <bdmurray> Nope

 15:32 <vorlon> [TOPIC] AOB

 15:32 <vorlon> anything else?

 15:32 <tribaal> I like disco's name better than xnox's troll, for the record :D

 15:32 <doko> yes

 15:32 <bdmurray> https://code.launchpad.net/~brian-murray/apport/lp-disco-retracers/+merge/358034

 15:32 <cyphermox> I'm off monday.

 15:32 <doko> please help with the python3.7 transition

 15:32 <bdmurray> I could use a merge for that

 15:33 <vorlon> doko: ack

 15:33 <bdmurray> of that?

 15:33 <doko> look at apport autopkg test failures, as well as autopkg ?

 15:33 <doko> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses.html  -> look at build failures, fix them

 15:34 <vorlon> bdmurray: done

 15:34 <doko> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses.html -> fix those

 15:34 <doko> still waiting on the backlog of autopkg tests

 15:34 <juliank> doko: both links are the same

 15:34 <doko> it's crazy, the armhf/arm64 buildds block starting the autopkg tests, and then the amd64/i386 autopkg testers are delaying things

 15:35 <xnox> juliank, the comment is not ;-)

 15:35 <xnox> _after_ the url

 15:35 <doko> juliank: http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/transitions/html/python3.6-7.html

 15:35 <juliank> ack

 15:36 <doko> and after that, should we do the same with perl for the opening, or just open?  and somebody asked for protobuf and poppler transitions first

 15:38 <vorlon> seems like a discussion to take back over to #ubuntu-release

 15:38 <doko> up to now I only upload python related stuff. so every ftbfs should be python related, or one of the 1500 ftbfs not addressed last cycle ...

 15:38 <vorlon> right

 15:38 <doko> yeah, we can do. but that channel tends getting ignored with all the automated messages

 15:38 <vorlon> sure, questions of archive opening ordering are still better discussed there

 15:39 <vorlon> (and also, I have to run afk early so I'm itching to close out the meeting ;)

 15:39 <doko> meh ...

 15:39 <vorlon> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)