== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 15 Oct at 17:00 &mdash; 17:18 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2018/ubuntu-meeting.2018-10-15-17.00.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting 



== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * joemcmanus (22)
 * jdstrand (13)
 * leosilva (9)
 * chrisccoulson (9)
 * mdeslaur (8)
 * sarnold (7)
 * jjohansen (7)
 * msalvatore (6)
 * sbeattie (6)
 * ebarretto (6)
 * meetingology (3)
 * teward (2)



== Full Log ==


 17:00 <joemcmanus> #startmeeting

 17:00 <meetingology> Meeting started Mon Oct 15 17:00:44 2018 UTC.  The chair is joemcmanus. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 17:00 <meetingology> 

 17:00 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 17:00 <jdstrand> \o/

 17:01 <joemcmanus> * Announcements

 17:01 <joemcmanus> * SLC Sprint next week, Jamie & Joe out of office

 17:01 <jdstrand> [LINK] https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting

 17:01 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Announcements

 17:01 <joemcmanus> * Generalist role rotation

 17:01 <joemcmanus> * CVE Triage: leosilva, Bug Triage: ebarreto, Community: msalvatore, Happy Place: the rest :)

 17:01 <joemcmanus> * The Ubuntu Security Team is hiring!

 17:01 <joemcmanus> * Ubuntu Security engineer: https://boards.greenhouse.io/canonical/jobs/1158266?t=8c0a6c1f1

 17:01 <jdstrand> joemcmanus: don't forget those ^

 17:01 <jdstrand> :)

 17:01 <mdeslaur> COME WORK FOR US!

 17:01 <joemcmanus> Full automate, no I know, and knowing is half the battle.

 17:01 <mdeslaur> (bring beer)

 17:01 <jdstrand> joemcmanus: we don't have previous actions, so you can skip that one

 17:01 <joemcmanus> What mdeslaur said.

 17:02 <joemcmanus> * Weekly stand-up report (each member discusses any pending and planned future work for the week)

 17:02 <joemcmanus> * jdstrand

 17:02 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Weekly stand-up report

 17:02 <jdstrand> , ok, this week I plan to:

 17:03 <jdstrand> - fixing a bug in snapd wrt system-key and calculating apparmor parser features

 17:03 <jdstrand> - I've pushed several PRs for the kubernetes-support interface. Will respond to feedback/etc to get the in (at least) master

 17:03 <jdstrand> - continue on brand store declarations

 17:03 <jdstrand> - product roadmap sprint prep

 17:03 <jdstrand> that's it from me. mdeslaur, you're up

 17:03 <mdeslaur> I'm in the happy place this week

 17:04 <mdeslaur> it's a short week for me, I'm off on friday

 17:04 <mdeslaur> I'm currently working on net-snmp updates

 17:04 <mdeslaur> and I have to figure out how to test the ppp updates that are rotting in the ppa

 17:04 <mdeslaur> and after that, I'll be going down the list, as usual

 17:04 <mdeslaur> that's about it, sbeattie, you're up

 17:04 <sbeattie> I'm in the happy place this week

 17:05 <sbeattie> I need to test and publish my fixup to bionic's imagemagick default policy exclusion file.

 17:05 <sbeattie> I have kernel signoffs and some re-triage to do, as per usual

 17:05 <sbeattie> I need to look at toolchain stuff for cosmic+1

 17:06 <sbeattie> and I need to spend some time on apparmor stuff

 17:06 <sbeattie> that's it for me, jjohansen, over to you.

 17:06 <jjohansen> I need to finish the apparmor releases, which includes rolling out a 2.13.2 emergency release because initscripts are broken on suse and debian.

 17:06 <jjohansen> I need to do more LSM stacking review and work on the ubuntu patchset

 17:06 <jjohansen> I need to refresh and get an RFC out for the NS LSM hook patchset this week

 17:06 <jjohansen> I have to finish up my LSS-EU presentation

 17:06 <jjohansen> I need to work on some nnp changes so I can get back to Eric with them

 17:07 <jjohansen> and of I run out of things todo (haha) I have the audit/prompting work and apparmor 3.0 userspace release to work on

 17:07 <jjohansen> thats it for me sarnold you are up

 17:07 <sarnold> I'm in the happy place this week; I'll start the week on the oath-toolkit mir, doing aa patch reviews as jj asks for them, and moving on down the MIR lane as there's time for it

 17:08 <sarnold> I'd also like to file a few bug reports from the previous MIRs, but that's a lower priority

 17:08 <sarnold> that's it for me, leosilva1?

 17:08 <chrisccoulson> :O

 17:08 <sarnold> oh no is it chrisccoulson instead? sorry..

 17:08 <msalvatore> I think that happened last time, too

 17:08 <chrisccoulson> heh

 17:08 * sarnold hangs head

 17:09 <chrisccoulson> I'm just finishing up the thunderbird 60.2.1 publication, and then that's ready to hand over to the desktop team

 17:09 <sarnold> chris has been here so much longer than me that it's hard to feel like he's "newer"

 17:10 <chrisccoulson> (I might need to spend a small amount of time just getting bzr branches in order rather than dumping it all on olivier)

 17:10 <chrisccoulson> there's a firefox release next week, so I'll check in with the desktop team to make sure everything's on track

 17:10 <chrisccoulson> I also intend to finish the libssh2 MIR

 17:11 <chrisccoulson> and then I should have time to take something else (either from the review lane or anything else that someone wants to offload)

 17:11 <chrisccoulson> That's me done

 17:11 <chrisccoulson> leosilva1 ?

 17:13 <joemcmanus> come back to leosilva1 at the end, msalvatore please proceed

 17:13 <msalvatore> I'm on community this week

 17:14 <msalvatore> this morning I pushed out wireshark, version 2.6.1 for trusty, xenial, and bionic

 17:14 <sarnold> \o/

 17:14 <msalvatore> This week I'll be working an updated look and feel for the ubuntu cve tracker

 17:15 <msalvatore> In additional, I'll work to resolve some universe CVEs

 17:15 <msalvatore> ebarretto, you're up.

 17:15 <ebarretto> I'm on bug triage this week:

 17:15 <ebarretto> - I'm working on tomcat6 update (trusty and xenial)

 17:15 <ebarretto> - If everything goes well with tomcat6, I will move to tomcat7

 17:15 <ebarretto> - continue retriaging CVEs

 17:15 <ebarretto> that's it for me ... leosilva ?

 17:16 <leosilva> can you see me now?

 17:16 <ebarretto> yes

 17:16 <leosilva> gzz

 17:16 <teward> thank you sarnold for the ping :)

 17:16 <teward> *sits on op in case anyone else needs voiced*

 17:16 <leosilva> I'm in the cve triage this week

 17:16 <joemcmanus> teward saves the day again!

 17:16 <leosilva> we'll have a python brasil event in my hometown and will take half+one day off to be there.

 17:16 <leosilva> I finished requests update

 17:17 <leosilva> ann I'm working on moin moin update.

 17:17 <leosilva> Other than that I'll hunting cves/pkgs to update

 17:17 <leosilva> that's all

 17:17 <leosilva> joemcmanus: it's back to you

 17:17 <joemcmanus> this week:

 17:17 <joemcmanus> - Plan for SLC

 17:17 <joemcmanus> - Web page update planning

 17:17 <joemcmanus> - 1:1 with team

 17:17 <joemcmanus> - Security role phone screens

 17:17 <joemcmanus> That's it for me!

 17:18 <joemcmanus> Any questions ?

 17:18 <joemcmanus> Thanks all for being patient with our self inflicted IRC issues

 17:18 <joemcmanus> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)