== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 02 Aug at 15:02 &mdash; 15:42 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2018/ubuntu-meeting.2018-08-02-15.02.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning round ===
The discussion about "Lightning round" started at 15:02.


=== Bugs ===
The discussion about "Bugs" started at 15:19.


=== AOB ===
The discussion about "AOB" started at 15:26.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * slangasek (40)
 * bdmurray (31)
 * xnox (22)
 * juliank (14)
 * ubottu (14)
 * sil2100 (14)
 * tdaitx (8)
 * fginther (8)
 * philroche (6)
 * rcj (4)
 * gaughen (4)
 * meetingology (3)



== Full Log ==


 15:02 <slangasek> #startmeeting

 15:02 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Aug  2 15:02:43 2018 UTC.  The chair is slangasek. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 15:02 <meetingology> 

 15:02 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 15:02 <slangasek> [TOPIC] Lightning round

 15:02 <philroche> \o

 15:03 <slangasek> $ echo $(shuf -e slangasek bdmurray xnox tdaitx doko sil2100 rbalint infinity cyphermox mwhudson rcj philroche Odd_Bloke juliank fginther)sru team meeting

 15:03 <slangasek> fginther tdaitx cyphermox doko sil2100 philroche xnox slangasek rcj mwhudson Odd_Bloke infinity bdmurray juliank rbalintsru team meeting

 15:03 <slangasek> fginther:

 15:03 <fginther> * cloud-init MP for LP: 1771198 (ssh_disable_users)

 15:03 <fginther> * Worked with cloud-init team to identify a regression on a partner cloud

 15:03 <fginther> * Disabled systemd-resolved for additional k8s images

 15:03 <fginther> âœ… done

 15:03 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1771198 in cloud-init "Support disable_root-esque behaviour for other users" [Wishlist,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1771198

 15:04 <fginther> tdaitx:

 15:04 <juliank> o/ (a bit)

 15:05 * sil2100 pokes tdaitx_

 15:06 <bdmurray> lets just move on

 15:06 <bdmurray> cyphermox is on holiday

 15:06 <slangasek> cyphermox is out

 15:06 <slangasek> doko is at DebConf

 15:06 <slangasek> sil2100:

 15:06 <sil2100> o/

 15:06 <sil2100> - SRU reviews and releases

 15:06 <sil2100> - 16.04.5:

 15:06 <sil2100> * Blanket item for all things releasey (respins, quick-fixes, hacks, coordination, isotesting, releasing)

 15:06 <sil2100> * Released!

 15:06 <sil2100> - core18:

 15:06 <sil2100> * Using latest testing model assertion built a core18 test image, dogfooding

 15:06 <sil2100> * Figured out issue with double login prompt, hacked in fix

 15:06 <sil2100> * Started looking into console output flowing into console-conf's view

 15:06 <sil2100> * Looking into cherry-picking console-conf branding fixes to core18 package

 15:06 <sil2100> - Working on some estimates for core18 HW-specific work

 15:06 <sil2100> - Too damn hot in here

 15:06 <sil2100> (done)

 15:07 <philroche> * Cloud image build system vanguard

 15:07 <philroche> * Cloud image build system improvements

 15:07 <philroche> * Dealing with an unhealthy amount of hardware failures

 15:07 <philroche> (done)

 15:07 <philroche> xnox:

 15:07 <xnox> * cosmic-proposed is doomed, cannot have new systemd, because no new

 15:07 <xnox> kernel, because virtualbox -> qt, xorg, ffmpeg.  uploaded a few

 15:07 <xnox> fixes for ADT regressions, but that's not enough

 15:07 <xnox> * v239 is still thus blocked in cosmic-proposed

 15:07 <xnox> * debugging ipv6/point releases on s390x with frank - mainframes are

 15:07 <xnox> silly

 15:07 <xnox> * usr-merge is blocked on updating apparmor profiles for usr-merge,

 15:07 <xnox> see LP: #1784023

 15:07 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1784023 in lightdm (Ubuntu) "Update profiles for usrmerge" [Undecided,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1784023

 15:07 <xnox> * finalrd passed NEW -> addressing review comments before enabling it

 15:07 <xnox> by default

 15:07 <xnox> * out next week - beach volleyball tournament;

 15:07 <xnox> * and the week after to have a laser eye surgery... maybe i'll no

 15:07 <xnox> longer be legally blind without my glasses.

 15:07 <xnox> * done

 15:08 <bdmurray> slangasek:

 15:08 <fginther> they're replacing your eyes with lasers

 15:09 * fginther is great at bad jokes

 15:09 <xnox> fginther, blasting the top layer off with a laser; and then continue to blast a tattoo pattern and then waiting for the top layer to regrow.

 15:09 <xnox> fginther, basically i'm getting a permanent eye tattoo.

 15:10 <slangasek> * somewhat slow week, more childcare duties than usual due to wife being sick with strep

 15:10 <slangasek> * discussions around improving the simplestreams format for certain use cases

 15:10 <slangasek> * further work on nvidia stack support in clouds

 15:10 <slangasek> (done)

 15:10 <slangasek> * archive juggling for the 16.04.5 point release snapshot

 15:10 <slangasek> * working on sorting out policy around fscaps in packages (LP: #1302192)

 15:10 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1302192 in iputils (Ubuntu Trusty) "capabilities not preserved on installation" [Undecided,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1302192

 15:10 <bdmurray> rcj:

 15:11 <slangasek> xnox: have you seen the recent exposÃ© in the US that complication rates for lasik are much higher than had been generally reported?

 15:11 <rcj> * Ironed out some bugs in new publication workflow for AWS partitions

 15:11 <rcj> * Updated 16.04 and 18.04 AMIs in AWS-gov-us with new publication workflow

 15:11 <rcj> * Cloud image care and feeding plus fixes for cloud partner images

 15:11 <rcj> (done) ðŸŽ‰

 15:12 <tdaitx> now that I'm properly registered you should be able read this

 15:12 <slangasek> tdaitx: go ahead then :)

 15:12 <bdmurray> tdaitx: yes, do you want to do your status?

 15:12 <tdaitx> * packaged & uploaded openjdk-7 (trusty) and openjdk-8 (xenial) to the security team ppa

 15:12 <tdaitx> * openjdk-10 security update

 15:12 <tdaitx> - fixing test failures & timeouts

 15:12 <tdaitx> * sru exception request is out

 15:12 <tdaitx> - 1005 packages for Cosmic, 15 out of date with debian, 16 new packages in debian

 15:12 <tdaitx> - 173 packages out of date in Bionic, 35 new packages

 15:12 <tdaitx> (done)

 15:13 <bdmurray> not mwhudson

 15:14 <slangasek> Odd_Bloke:

 15:14 <fginther> Odd_Bloke is not here

 15:14 <slangasek> infinity is DebConf

 15:14 <slangasek> bdmurray:

 15:14 <bdmurray> neither is infinity

 15:14 <bdmurray> uploaded and verified fix for 14.04 to 16.04 upgrade failure (LP: #1784065)

 15:14 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1784065 in glib2.0 (Ubuntu) "upgrade from 14.04 to 16.04 fails due to `interest-await' in trigger" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1784065

 15:14 <bdmurray> searched for additional 16.04 packages with -await triggers (none)

 15:15 <bdmurray> modified dist-upgrader to cleanup debs to mitigate LP: #1783597

 15:15 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1783597 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu) "The disk-space-needed estimate doesn't account for the snaps" [Medium,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1783597

 15:15 <bdmurray> fixed u-r-u's call to vte's terminal.feed_child() LP: #1780501

 15:15 <bdmurray> uploaded u-r-u to cosmic fixing LP: #1783589, LP: #1783593, LP: #1783738

 15:15 <bdmurray> added a telemetry marker to u-r-u so we can measure time to install snaps

 15:15 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1780501 in vte2.91 (Ubuntu Bionic) "Traceback calling Vte.Terminal.feed_child()" [High,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1780501

 15:15 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1783589 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu Bionic) "ubuntu-release-upgrader crashes if snapd is not installed" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1783589

 15:15 <bdmurray> updated bug pattern for LP: #1779237 to apply to update-manager

 15:15 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1783593 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu Bionic) "UI frozen and no information when the upgrader is installing snap packages" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1783593

 15:15 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1783738 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu) "_checkStoreConnectivity uses translatable strings for error checking " [High,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1783738

 15:15 <bdmurray> worked with webops regarding setting up scaling stack retracers

 15:15 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1779237 in python3-defaults (Ubuntu) "package python3 3.6.5-3ubuntu1 failed to install/upgrade: installed python3 package post-installation script subprocess returned error exit status 4" [High,Invalid] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1779237

 15:15 <bdmurray> updated meta-release files for 16.04.5 and 18.04.1

 15:15 <bdmurray> âœ” done

 15:15 <juliank> I'm at debconf too

 15:15 <juliank> * wrote talks ...

 15:15 <juliank> - on Monday: https://debconf18.debconf.org/talks/70-news-from-the-apt-team/ - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TnxTmPRpIHw

 15:15 <juliank> - tomorrow: https://debconf18.debconf.org/talks/66-delta-upgrades-revisited/

 15:15 <juliank> * calculated delta sizes for talk tomorrow

 15:15 <juliank> (done)

 15:15 <juliank> :)

 15:16 <juliank> rbalint is here too

 15:16 <xnox> slangasek, yes, however, i'm having a flap-less all-laser asa (advance surface ablation) PRK .... which is without alchohol / blade-less...

 15:16 <xnox> slangasek, but yeah all of them end with "after X months you may consider an 'enchancement' procedure" cause if it didn't work once... let's try again until it works....

 15:16 <slangasek> xnox: ah, so a new procedure with not enough longevity data to know what the success rate is :-)

 15:17 <slangasek> any questions over status?

 15:17 <xnox> slangasek, the PRK is actually pre-lasik procedure. they just use to use a blade to chop the top bit of the eye off.

 15:18 <juliank> (at DebConf, probably not IRC)

 15:18 <slangasek> xnox: ah, PRK == radial keratonomy?

 15:18 <xnox> slangasek, later they thought it we leave the bit we cut off, it might be better with like a flap (LASIK).... but then they realised there are "flap complications"

 15:18 <xnox> slangasek, photorefractive keratectomy yes

 15:19 <slangasek> ah

 15:19 <slangasek> [TOPIC] Bugs

 15:20 <slangasek> bdmurray: ?

 15:20 <bdmurray> bug 1783129

 15:20 <ubottu> bug 1783129 in subiquity "Only "main" component enabled after install" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1783129

 15:20 * slangasek nods

 15:22 <bdmurray> should we card it?

 15:22 <slangasek> yes

 15:22 <bdmurray> okay, I'll take care of that

 15:22 <bdmurray> bug 1784549

 15:22 <ubottu> bug 1784549 in pciutils (Ubuntu) "please update pci.ids" [Medium,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1784549

 15:23 <slangasek> wasn't server team going to take care of that?

 15:24 <bdmurray> comment #1 indicates he is looking for help

 15:24 <slangasek> eh

 15:24 <slangasek> fine I'll reply

 15:24 <slangasek> done

 15:26 <slangasek> bdmurray: anything else?

 15:26 <bdmurray> slangasek: nope, that's it

 15:26 <slangasek> [TOPIC] AOB

 15:27 <slangasek> anything else?

 15:27 <bdmurray> I'll be out for a few days next week.

 15:28 <bdmurray> We are still waiting on a fix for bug 1766890

 15:28 <ubottu> bug 1766890 in gnome-menus (Ubuntu) "package gnome-menus 3.13.3-6ubuntu3.1 failed to install/upgrade: triggers looping, abandoned" [Critical,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1766890

 15:29 <slangasek> that's in juliank's cart, yes?

 15:29 <bdmurray> yes, I'm not sure when he'll checkout though

 15:30 <slangasek> we'll send him a few popup windows to remind him it will expire soo

 15:30 <slangasek> n

 15:30 <juliank> bdmurray: I mentioned that I was busy writing talks, and gave you a very early WiP yesterday

 15:30 <juliank> well, preperation work really

 15:31 <bdmurray> juliank: I understand. I just wanted to discuss continuing to delay activating the upgrade.

 15:31 <bdmurray> I'm not sure people are clamoring for it.

 15:32 <gaughen> bdmurray, are you wanting to delay until the fix is landed for bug 1766890

 15:32 <ubottu> bug 1766890 in gnome-menus (Ubuntu) "package gnome-menus 3.13.3-6ubuntu3.1 failed to install/upgrade: triggers looping, abandoned" [Critical,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1766890

 15:33 <bdmurray> gaughen: That's what we are currently doing. Is that best though?

 15:33 <juliank> bdmurray: If you have the time play with that, I won't be back for about 13 hours or so.

 15:33 <juliank> sleep, eat, talk

 15:34 <gaughen> bdmurray, not sure, if we do, should we communicate?

 15:34 <xnox> slangasek, re: main-only with subiquity... do we need to install an upgrade botch somewhere that would try to detect subiquity/curtin install and re-enable universe on those installs?

 15:35 <slangasek> xnox: given that the fix didn't land before 18.04.1 went out, quite possibly

 15:36 <gaughen> based on how broad the impact is, and the painfulness of a "workaround", I think we should wait

 15:39 <bdmurray> okay, we sound agreed about that

 15:39 <bdmurray> that's it from me then

 15:39 <gaughen> thank you bdmurray

 15:40 <slangasek> ok, anything else?

 15:42 <slangasek> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)