== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 11 Jan at 16:02 &mdash; 16:44 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2018/ubuntu-meeting.2018-01-11-16.02.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning round ===
The discussion about "Lightning round" started at 16:02.


=== Bugs ===
The discussion about "Bugs" started at 16:14.

  * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-bb-incoming-bug-tasks.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-bb-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs 

=== AOB ===
The discussion about "AOB" started at 16:43.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * slangasek (43)
 * bdmurray (38)
 * cyphermox (18)
 * xnox (15)
 * rbalint (14)
 * ubottu (13)
 * fginther (9)
 * doko (8)
 * Odd_Bloke (8)
 * juliank (7)
 * philroche (4)
 * rcj (4)
 * tribaal (3)
 * meetingology (3)
 * gaughen (3)
 * tdaitx (2)



== Full Log ==


 16:02 <slangasek> #startmeeting

 16:02 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Jan 11 16:02:38 2018 UTC.  The chair is slangasek. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:02 <meetingology> 

 16:02 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 16:02 <slangasek> [TOPIC] Lightning round

 16:02 <slangasek> $ echo $(shuf -e slangasek bdmurray xnox tdaitx doko sil2100 rbalint infinity cyphermox mwhudson rcj philroche Odd_Bloke tribaal fginther juliank)

 16:03 <slangasek> tribaal slangasek mwhudson bdmurray cyphermox rbalint philroche sil2100 doko juliank infinity Odd_Bloke fginther rcj tdaitx xnox

 16:03 * xnox win \o/

 16:03 <tribaal> * CVE CVE CVE

 16:03 <tribaal> * Tracked down a kubernetes test suite problem when run against linux 4.11+

 16:03 <tribaal> (Done)

 16:03 <Odd_Bloke> slangasek:

 16:04 <slangasek> * meltdown+spectre

 16:04 <slangasek> * preparing a 17.10.1 for LP: #1734147

 16:04 <slangasek> * announced the EOL of 17.04, which will not be getting the meltdown fixes

 16:04 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1734147 in linux (Ubuntu Artful) "corrupted BIOS due to Intel SPI bug in kernel" [Critical,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1734147

 16:04 <slangasek> * prep for Cape Town sprint next week

 16:04 <slangasek> (done)

 16:04 <slangasek> bdmurray:

 16:04 <bdmurray> SRU team work

 16:04 <bdmurray> modifications to apport based off slangasek's feedback

 16:04 <bdmurray> tested apport changing in dev ops Error Tracker (good)

 16:04 <bdmurray> submitted RT re: staging ET update of apport (tested too)

 16:04 <bdmurray> submitted RT re: production ET update of apport

 16:04 <bdmurray> reviewed sil2100's m-o-m merge proposal

 16:04 <bdmurray> irc discussion regarding sil2100's m-o-m merge proposal

 16:04 <bdmurray> submitted RT re tearing down old stg-ue-error-tracker env

 16:04 <bdmurray> further work on the mojo specification

 16:04 <bdmurray> upgraded laptop to bionic

 16:04 <bdmurray> bug triage of LP: #1512322 re: dpkg crash

 16:04 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1512322 in dpkg (Ubuntu) "dpkg assert failure: dpkg: ../../src/packages.c:245: process_queue:" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1512322

 16:04 <bdmurray> modified apport to have a --no-stacktrace-source option (stop ET from using apport PPA)

 16:04 <bdmurray> modifications to daisy and its charm to support --no-stacktrace-source apport option

 16:04 <bdmurray> submitted RT re update of code in the staging Error Tracker

 16:04 <bdmurray> modified mojo spec to only build code if it doesn't exist locally

 16:05 <bdmurray> investigation into ubuntu-release-upgrader bug LP: #1742147

 16:05 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1742147 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu) "upgrade from 17.10 to 18.04 fails with triggers looping" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1742147

 16:05 <bdmurray> submitted RT regarding deleting zesty core files from swift

 16:05 <bdmurray> replied to dpkg maintainers regarding /usr/local/bin

 16:05 <bdmurray> submitted RT regarding merge of mojo spec for the Error Tracker

 16:05 <bdmurray> cyphermox:

 16:05 <bdmurray> added in a cron job to retracer charm to remove EoL core files

 16:05 <bdmurray> âœ” done

 16:05 <cyphermox> bionic:

 16:05 <cyphermox> - pre-upload testing of new signed shim

 16:05 <cyphermox> netplan:

 16:05 <cyphermox> - ath9kl_sdio replug bugfix

 16:05 <cyphermox> - backlog management

 16:05 <cyphermox> - fixing doc ipv6/routing syntax

 16:05 <cyphermox> - routing code improvements

 16:05 <cyphermox> - triaging netplan bugs

 16:05 <cyphermox> other stuff:

 16:05 <cyphermox> - catching up after the holidays

 16:05 <cyphermox> - cloud instance UEFI migration doc

 16:05 <cyphermox> - prepare MIR process for snaps

 16:05 <cyphermox> - review Deepin's shim

 16:06 <cyphermox> (done)

 16:06 <rbalint> * internal testbed setup

 16:06 <rbalint> * pending upload:

 16:06 <rbalint> - gce-compute-image-packages update LP: #1741989

 16:06 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1741989 in gce-compute-image-packages (Ubuntu) "Drop libpam-cracklib from gce-compute-image-packages Recommends" [Medium,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1741989

 16:06 <rbalint> - unattended-upgrades LP: #1741579, #886803

 16:06 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1741579 in Ubuntu Translations "Wrong/confuse text on shutdown at unattended-upgrades" [Undecided,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1741579

 16:06 <rbalint> - update-manager & ubuntu-release-upgrader #1732185

 16:06 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 886803 in Odoo GTK Client (MOVED TO GITHUB) "load translation - runs long - needs feedback" [Undecided,Invalid] https://launchpad.net/bugs/886803

 16:06 <rbalint> - wireshark #886619

 16:06 <gaughen> o/

 16:06 <rbalint> (done)

 16:06 <philroche> * Cloud boot speed testing

 16:06 <philroche> * Meltdown CVE image release to clouds

 16:06 <philroche> * Cloud image build system vanguard

 16:06 <philroche> (done)

 16:07 <doko> sil2100 is not here ...

 16:07 <Odd_Bloke> No sil2100.

 16:07 <doko> - the good thing about the current security mess is that the test rebuilds did finish ;-P

 16:07 <doko> - filing GCC upstream issues from the GCC 8 test rebuild

 16:07 <doko> - do the same for binutils

 16:07 <doko> - look at retpoline security updates for GCC and binutils

 16:07 <doko> - will be away next week, and the week after at LinuxConf Australia

 16:07 <doko> (done)

 16:07 <juliank> work start stuff / travel for sprint

 16:07 <juliank> syncs / merges (5): fakeroot, dash, dput (wrote new sftp method), aptitude, debootstrap (sync, all merged now)

 16:07 <juliank> sent multipath-tools 0.7.4 udev rules fixes to Debian, cannot merge yet due to some other breakage in multipathd

 16:07 <juliank> uploaded ndiswrapper 1.60-6 to Debian so it can sync - kernel 4.15 build fixes (LP: #1737749)

 16:07 <juliank> fixed a bug in apt (LP: #1742378)

 16:07 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1737749 in ndiswrapper (Ubuntu) "ndiswrapper 1.60-5 ADT test failure with linux 4.15.0-1.2" [Medium,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1737749

 16:07 <juliank> have to push dput changes upstream, and maybe ask multipath-tools upstream if they know what's going on there

 16:07 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1742378 in apt (Ubuntu) "Slight glitch in /etc/cron.daily/apt-compat Ubuntu 16.04.3 in apt-1.2.24" [Low,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1742378

 16:07 <juliank> (done)

 16:08 <Odd_Bloke> No infinity.

 16:08 <Odd_Bloke> - More CVE than your body has room for

 16:08 <Odd_Bloke> - Prep for CPT sprint next week

 16:08 <Odd_Bloke> (done)

 16:08 <Odd_Bloke> fginther:

 16:09 <fginther> * Small bit of cleanup of excessive jenkins builds

 16:09 <fginther> * CVE-2017-5754 related image publication

 16:09 <fginther> - Clicking buttons and monitoring builds

 16:09 <fginther> - Responded to a couple partner questions

 16:09 <ubottu> Systems with microprocessors utilizing speculative execution and indirect branch prediction may allow unauthorized disclosure of information to an attacker with local user access via a side-channel analysis of the data cache. (http://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2017-5754)

 16:09 <fginther> * Working on automated publication updates for a partner cloud

 16:09 <fginther> * Testing of snap installs on WSL using the most recent Windows build

 16:09 <fginther> * Small change to make progress on minimized builds

 16:09 <fginther> (done)

 16:10 <Odd_Bloke> rcj:

 16:10 <rcj> * Meltdown cloud image publication work

 16:10 <rcj> * Proposed kernel testing with GPUs

 16:11 <rcj> (done)

 16:11 <rcj> tdaitx:

 16:11 <tdaitx> just back from vacations

 16:11 <xnox> so me?

 16:11 <xnox> * talking about bugs

 16:11 <xnox> * merged gnupg2, doko

 16:11 <xnox> * uploaded old partman-base merge, doko

 16:11 <xnox> * created maas PoC merge proposal for subiquity (needs architectural changes)

 16:11 <xnox> * synced (to drop ubuntu delta) e2fsprogs, psycopg2, doko

 16:11 <xnox> * upgraded s390-tools to v2, yet to build

 16:11 <xnox> * filed RT ticket about jenkins slaves <-> s390x connectivity issue

 16:11 <cyphermox> yes

 16:11 <xnox> * welcomed juliank

 16:11 <xnox> * fixed up systemd upstream merge proposals, for moving resolved earlier in the boot & not failing on setting Nice setting

 16:12 <xnox> * upgrading my desktop to bionic, it is time

 16:12 <xnox> (done)

 16:12 <tdaitx> and I was going to say I didn't wrote any status

 16:12 <doko> xnox: did I pester you that much? ;p

 16:13 <slangasek> any questions on status?

 16:13 <bdmurray> nope

 16:14 <slangasek> [TOPIC] Bugs

 16:15 <bdmurray> As I mentioned bug 1742147 is rather new.

 16:15 <ubottu> bug 1742147 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu) "upgrade from 17.10 to 18.04 fails with triggers looping" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1742147

 16:15 <bdmurray> http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-bb-incoming-bug-tasks.html

 16:15 <bdmurray> infinity was talking about it being related to bamfdaemon but I don't think he looked into it far enough to do anything

 16:15 <slangasek> [LINK] http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-bb-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 16:15 <rbalint> bdmurray: i was just about to upgrade, thanks!

 16:16 <bdmurray> rbalint: the upgrade completed for me

 16:18 <bdmurray> so does somebody want to take that bug?

 16:18 <slangasek> personally, or on behalf of the team? :)

 16:19 <slangasek> I think we should take it onto the backlog

 16:19 <rbalint> slangasek: i guess we already own it as a team

 16:19 <slangasek> rbalint: not yet, it's 'incoming' :)

 16:19 <xnox> bdmurray, i'm yet to reach the triggers stage

 16:19 <slangasek> I think we should take it

 16:19 <xnox> still on setting packages up, and answering debconf prompts

 16:19 <slangasek> (done)

 16:20 <bdmurray> bug 1742301 is new too

 16:20 <ubottu> bug 1742301 in software-properties (Ubuntu) "/usr/bin/software-properties-gtk:UnboundLocalError:show_drivers:gather_device_data" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1742301

 16:20 <bdmurray> its possible that's Alberto's code

 16:22 <slangasek> bdmurray: how hot is this crash on the tracker?

 16:23 <bdmurray> slangasek: thousands of crashes for 16.04 but not many for current releases which I don't understand since the code is the same

 16:24 <slangasek> ok. maybe related to changes to the properties of the packages in the archive as a result of SRUs

 16:25 <slangasek> but you say "not many", which is not the same as "none", hmm

 16:25 <bdmurray> slangasek: well 8 is close enough to none for me

 16:25 <slangasek> bdmurray: could you leave it on our incoming list for now, but reach out to Alberto to see if he has time to work on it?

 16:26 <bdmurray> slangasek: okay

 16:26 <slangasek> then we can pick it up ourselves if he doesn't

 16:26 <gaughen> bdmurray, cc me please when you reach out and his manager Alex

 16:27 <slangasek> bdmurray: anything else on bugs?

 16:27 <bdmurray> bug 1737445 the reporter can not recreate it and neither could I

 16:27 <ubottu> bug 1737445 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu Bionic) "release upgrader doesn't re-enable updates after failure" [High,Incomplete] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1737445

 16:28 <bdmurray> that's on rls-bb-tracking

 16:28 <bdmurray> I wonder if we should drop it or test it harder.

 16:29 <rbalint> I reopened LP: #1663157 because guest account is disabled by default but not fixed should we reprioritize it?

 16:29 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1663157 in lightdm (Ubuntu) "Guest session processes are not confined in 16.10 and newer releases" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1663157

 16:29 <slangasek> I think I've probably encountered that issue before

 16:29 <slangasek> but I'm not sure how high priority it should be

 16:29 <slangasek> (re: 1737445)

 16:30 <slangasek> it always requires manually recovery... otoh it's always a knock-on effect from some other serious bug

 16:31 <slangasek> bdmurray: anyway, I don't have a clear reproducer for it, so that would take some work to figure out

 16:32 <slangasek> would we want to put a card on the backlog for somebody to spike on tracing the code?

 16:32 <bdmurray> that seems fine to me

 16:33 <rbalint> how about creating autopkgtest test for ubuntu-release-upgrader similar to https://github.com/mvo5/unattended-upgrades/commit/b21f66510f212ad509363c26e8799b8564e9bd98 ?

 16:33 <slangasek> ok

 16:33 <slangasek> re: 1663157

 16:34 <slangasek> rbalint: you've assigned it to yourself, so you're interested in diving in and fixing it?

 16:34 <slangasek> I would appreciate having guest session back

 16:34 <slangasek> so that sounds fine to me ;)

 16:35 <rbalint> slangasek: i'm interested and worked on it but i wanted to double-check with you

 16:35 <rbalint> slangasek: to take it back

 16:35 <slangasek> rbalint: if you're asking me whether it fits in with Bionic plans architecturally, +1

 16:35 <slangasek> rbalint: if you're asking whether it's a priority for you to work on it, I defer to gaughen ;)

 16:36 <rbalint> slangasek: ok, we will sort this out :-)

 16:42 <slangasek> alrighty, anything else on bugs?

 16:43 <slangasek> [TOPIC] AOB

 16:43 <slangasek> Anything else today?

 16:43 <cyphermox> nothing from me.

 16:43 <bdmurray> Monday is a US holiday but I'm not taking it.

 16:43 <fginther> I'll take bdmurray's

 16:43 <gaughen> I"m super done slangasek

 16:44 <cyphermox> ah, well, tomorrow I'd go in the city to do testing on that Starbucks Arubanetworks DNS crap.

 16:44 <slangasek> I am also not taking Monday, but I'll be taking a stack of swap days after the sprint

 16:44 <cyphermox> (I'll still be normally reachable, unless I'm in a broken captive portal to test a fix)

 16:44 <slangasek> so not back until the 25th

 16:44 <slangasek> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)