== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 05 Apr at 15:01 &mdash; 15:39 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2018/ubuntu-meeting.2018-04-05-15.01.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning round ===
The discussion about "Lightning round" started at 15:01.


=== Bugs ===
The discussion about "Bugs" started at 15:18.


=== AOB ===
The discussion about "AOB" started at 15:37.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * slangasek (41)
 * bdmurray (36)
 * tdaitx (18)
 * ubottu (17)
 * sil2100 (13)
 * doko (11)
 * juliank (10)
 * xnox (10)
 * rcj (6)
 * fginther (5)
 * rbalint (4)
 * philroche (4)
 * gaughen (4)
 * tribaal (3)
 * meetingology (3)



== Full Log ==


 15:01 <slangasek> #startmeeting

 15:01 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Apr  5 15:01:16 2018 UTC.  The chair is slangasek. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 15:01 <meetingology> 

 15:01 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 15:01 <slangasek> [TOPIC] Lightning round

 15:01 <slangasek> $ echo $(shuf -e slangasek bdmurray xnox tdaitx doko sil2100 rbalint infinity cyphermox mwhudson rcj philroche Odd_Bloke tribaal fginther juliank)

 15:01 <slangasek> tdaitx slangasek bdmurray rbalint tribaal mwhudson xnox infinity cyphermox sil2100 rcj juliank philroche fginther doko Odd_Bloke

 15:01 <slangasek> tdaitx: hello

 15:02 <sil2100> o/

 15:02 * juliank might get a phone call during the meeting, but hopes not

 15:02 <tdaitx> * OpenJDK 9/10 as default JDK

 15:02 <tdaitx> - reviewing additional java dependent packages for rebuilds (from debian's pkg-java list [1]

 15:02 <tdaitx> - investigating openjdk-8 runtime failures when building with source/target 8 using openjdk-9 (LP: #1760359)

 15:02 <tdaitx> * OpenJDK 8 security update (8u171) due to April 17

 15:02 <tdaitx> - Patching, building & testing

 15:02 <tdaitx> - Backporting to openjdk-7

 15:02 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1760359 in gradle (Ubuntu) "gradle: "illegal reflective access" with openjdk-9" [Medium,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1760359

 15:02 <tdaitx> [1] https://qa.debian.org/developer.php?email=pkg-java-maintainers%40lists.alioth.debian.org

 15:02 <tdaitx> (done)

 15:03 <tdaitx> oh, there are 2 highlights regarding the release of openjdk-8 for Xenial and openjdk-7 for Trusty

 15:03 <tdaitx> but I need to write them down

 15:03 <slangasek> * short week, off last Thu/Fri

 15:03 <slangasek> * driving towards final release: FFes, proposed-migration, etc

 15:03 <slangasek> * working on lubuntu critical installer bugs: LP: #1759732 is fixed, LP: #1754174 vexes me

 15:03 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1759732 in partman-crypto (Ubuntu) "[Lubuntu] Having zram support means that encrypted LVM installs don't work" [Critical,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1759732

 15:04 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1754174 in ubiquity (Ubuntu) "[Lubuntu] "Install Lubuntu" fails with several commands not found and permission denied" [Critical,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1754174

 15:04 <slangasek> * various code reviews, including for upcoming changes to kernel packaging

 15:04 <slangasek> (done)

 15:04 <slangasek> bdmurray:

 15:04 <bdmurray> updated PR request with changes to trello bug importer

 15:04 <bdmurray> uploaded fix for plymouth --ping bug LP: #1705345

 15:04 <bdmurray> worked with webops on Error Tracker mojo spec RT #108968

 15:04 <bdmurray> uploaded whoopsie to bionic which will send JournalErrors

 15:04 <bdmurray> worked on daisy change to accept only part of JournalErrors

 15:04 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1705345 in plymouth (Ubuntu Artful) "Installing packages hangs on plymouth --ping" [Undecided,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1705345

 15:04 <bdmurray> tested daisy & whoopsie change in devops

 15:04 <bdmurray> submitted RT regarding staging update of daisy

 15:04 <bdmurray> reported apport bug regarding glibc and gdb LP: #1760207

 15:04 <bdmurray> reported apport bug regarding bad coredumps LP: #1760634

 15:04 <bdmurray> looked for recent 18.04 dupes of plymouth --ping bug (none found)

 15:04 <bdmurray> uploaded Xenial and Artful SRUs for LP: #1705345

 15:04 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1760207 in Apport "gdb sandbox can cause issues with gdb and glibc" [Medium,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1760207

 15:04 <gaughen> o/

 15:04 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1760634 in Apport "apport-retrace doesn't check to see if a core file is bad" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1760634

 15:04 <bdmurray> SRU verification (X, A) of LP: #1705345

 15:04 <bdmurray> tested rls-bb-tracking bug LP: #1749688 (works good)

 15:04 <bdmurray> investigation into LP: #1743108 - set it to Fix Released

 15:04 <bdmurray> research into retracer hangs - more old libc6 crashes

 15:04 <bdmurray> submitted RT re dumping more old libc6 core files

 15:04 <bdmurray> modified daisy to not accept crashes with old libc6 core files

 15:04 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1749688 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu Bionic) "16.04 HWE -> 18.04 = xorg held back (+ partial breakage because of it)" [Critical,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1749688

 15:04 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1743108 in ubiquity-slideshow-ubuntu (Ubuntu Bionic) "Xubuntu 18.04 "Welcome to Xubuntu" slide shows 17.10" [High,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1743108

 15:04 <bdmurray> submitted RT and tested staging update of daisy

 15:04 <bdmurray> worked on / tested fix for LP: #1739531

 15:04 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1739531 in apport (Ubuntu Bionic) "apport-collect SHOULD NOT collect gnome-shell command history and favorites" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1739531

 15:04 <bdmurray> rbalint:

 15:05 <rbalint> (very short week due to holidays)

 15:05 <rbalint> * (highlight) rebuilding ~1300 packages in universe to let -fPIE take effect and fixing some new FTBFSs

 15:05 <rbalint> * triaging LP: #1737441, not finished yet

 15:05 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1737441 in python-apt (Ubuntu Bionic) "/usr/bin/unattended-upgrade:11:__GI___libc_free:operator:__gnu_cxx::new_allocator:std::allocator_traits:std::__cxx11::basic_string" [Undecided,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1737441

 15:05 <rbalint> (done)

 15:05 <slangasek> tribaal:

 15:05 <tribaal> * Easter holidays

 15:05 <tribaal> * Minimal images publication to cloud-image.ubuntu.com is ready for dailies! cloud-images.ubuntu.com/minimal

 15:05 <tribaal> * (done)

 15:06 <slangasek> xnox:

 15:07 <xnox> • upload livecd-rootfs, hopefully fixing subiquity slow boot

 15:07 <xnox> • uploaded noawait triggers for plymouth related things

 15:07 <xnox> • fixup plymouth / casper harder

 15:07 <xnox> • working on next systemd upload

 15:07 <xnox> • clouds / resolved / etc

 15:07 <xnox> • done

 15:08 <slangasek> cyphermox:

 15:08 <sil2100> I think Matt is out

 15:08 <slangasek> indeed

 15:08 <slangasek> sil2100:

 15:08 <slangasek> :)

 15:08 <sil2100> Oh, yay!

 15:08 <sil2100> - Super short week (holidays + time-off)

 15:08 <sil2100> - FFe reviews

 15:08 <sil2100> - SRU reviews and releases

 15:08 <sil2100> - Kernel reviews and releases

 15:08 <sil2100> - Experimenting with a local britney2 setup, reading up on juju

 15:08 <sil2100> - Updating cxlflash to the latest upstream version

 15:08 <sil2100> - Starting the Final Beta for bionic

 15:09 <sil2100> - Booking hotels

 15:09 <sil2100> (done)

 15:10 <rcj> rcj:

 15:10 <rcj> * cloud-image maintenance and feeding

 15:10 <rcj> * cloud-image minimal image publication development

 15:10 <rcj> * livecd-rootfs prototyping for snap preseeding in binary hooks

 15:10 <rcj> (done)

 15:10 <rcj> juliank:

 15:11 <juliank> * fri/monday were holidays

 15:11 <juliank> * apport snap integration in proposed (bug 1729491); has a small typo that needs fixup, though

 15:11 <ubottu> bug 1729491 in apport (Ubuntu Bionic) "[UIFe] ubuntu-bug says that snap packages are not installed" [Medium,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1729491

 15:11 <juliank> * enabled tests in socat

 15:11 <juliank> * fixed my personal annoyance with powertop missing kaby lake fixes by uploading 2.9

 15:11 <juliank> * a lot of weird travel stuff to sort out

 15:11 <juliank> * preparing SRU for python-pyvmomi 6.5 to xenial (it built and is installable)

 15:11 <juliank> * apt hooks for snap integration ready to write

 15:11 <juliank> (done)

 15:11 <philroche> * Short week for me due to Easter break

 15:11 <philroche> * Deliver early previews of Bionic to public clouds

 15:11 <philroche> (done)

 15:11 <philroche> fginther:

 15:12 <fginther> * Holiday for 2 days

 15:12 <fginther> * Image testing automation for a partner cloud now in code review

 15:12 <fginther> * Build system vanguard

 15:12 <fginther> (done)

 15:12 <fginther> doko:

 15:13 <doko> - openjdk-10 / openjdk-11 /openjdk-lts reorganization

 15:13 <doko> - syncing Java packages, formal FFe in LP: #1760920

 15:13 <doko> - MIR's ...

 15:13 <doko> - process NEW sources, left in the queue for two months

 15:13 <doko> - archive work: removals, syncs, fixing autopkg test failures

 15:13 <doko> - python 3.6.5 in the archive (python 3.7 beta 3)

 15:13 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1760920 in java-common (Ubuntu) "FFe: sync java packages from Debian to fix OpenJDK 9/10 issues" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1760920

 15:13 <doko> - GCC cross package updates, including fixes for glibc

 15:13 <doko> - Still investigate a AArch64 regression in the Linaro toolchain

 15:13 <doko> - bash update to work around qemu issue on ARM

 15:13 <doko> - launchpad ops now ok with starting test rebuilds, scheduled for Friday

 15:13 <doko> (done)

 15:13 <slangasek> and Odd_Bloke is out

 15:13 <slangasek> any questions?

 15:14 <tdaitx> here are my highlights, let me know if I should fill in more detail:

 15:14 <tdaitx> [HIGHLIGHT] OpenJDK 8 security update 8u162 has been released for Xenial and Artful

 15:14 <tdaitx> [HIGHLIGHT] OpenJDK 7 security update 7u171 based on IcedTea 2.6.13 has been released for Trusty

 15:16 <bdmurray> no questions here

 15:18 <slangasek> [TOPIC] Bugs

 15:18 <slangasek> bdmurray: anything we need to discuss here, or is everything now perfectly tracked with nothing to say? :)

 15:19 <bdmurray> bug 1761478 just came in but is naming the wrong suspect

 15:19 <ubottu> bug 1761478 in plymouth (Ubuntu) "0.9.3-1ubuntu4 broke livecd reboot plymouth in qemu" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1761478

 15:20 <slangasek> ah?

 15:20 <bdmurray> Oh I see the comment about casper-stop now. Anyway seems worth diggin into.

 15:21 <slangasek> ah, this was the casper bug that I think xnox was already fixing

 15:22 <xnox> i think that should be fixed soon/now

 15:22 <slangasek> interesting, xnox: there's your answer, bdmurray broke livecd shutdown display, not us :)

 15:23 <bdmurray> xnox: okay please reference that bug in the changelog then

 15:23 <xnox> hm

 15:23 <bdmurray> slangasek: you were gone last week when we discussed bug 1756595. Should we target that?

 15:23 <ubottu> bug 1756595 in apt (Ubuntu) "disk space info inadvertently provides all installed snaps" [Medium,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1756595

 15:24 <tdaitx> doko: slangasek: the pkg list from the pkg-java link in LP: #1760920 lists packages that are not in ubuntu (997 are found in ubuntu, 127 are not), should I add a comment listing those? or maybe attach a file?

 15:24 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1760920 in java-common (Ubuntu) "FFe: sync java packages from Debian to fix OpenJDK 9/10 issues" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1760920

 15:24 <slangasek> bdmurray: seems like a good thing to take a decision on before release, yes

 15:24 <juliank> it's a feature! :D

 15:24 <xnox> bdmurray, i think we need desktop respin with new casper....

 15:25 <gaughen> slangasek, bdmurray did a lot of good work to clean up rls-bb-tracking bugs

 15:25 <tdaitx> small typo: 996 packages from the 1123 are in ubuntu

 15:26 <slangasek> tdaitx: do you know why they're not in Ubuntu? that's a rather high number; are they in unstable but not in Ubuntu?

 15:27 <tdaitx> slangasek: haven't look into that in depth, but I saw that some are only in old-stable or so

 15:28 <tdaitx> oldstable

 15:28 <bdmurray> xnox: Oh, its the fonts on shutdown issue?

 15:28 <bdmurray> that's not my fault then

 15:28 <slangasek> tdaitx: ok; best to filter out packages from the list that there's no possibility we will be uploading

 15:28 <xnox> bdmurray, yeah fonts.... fix in casper and there is another bug report about it.

 15:28 <bdmurray> yes, I found it

 15:29 <bdmurray> slangasek: are we taking on decision on snaps and df?

 15:29 <slangasek> bdmurray: well, I'm saying we should target it

 15:30 <bdmurray> slangasek: okay, doing so

 15:30 <slangasek> and the decision we take might be to wontfix :)

 15:30 <bdmurray> should be an easy SRU

 15:30 <tdaitx> slangasek: ack, I will 1) check the ones that are *not* in ubuntu to see which debian release they belong to; and 2) filter out the ones in ubuntu to split them depending on whether they are in bionic or not

 15:31 <slangasek> anything else on bugs?

 15:31 <bdmurray> there are a whole bunch of duplicates of bug 1745406...

 15:31 <ubottu> bug 1745406 in Plymouth "plymouthd crashed with SIGSEGV in script_obj_deref_direct()" [Medium,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1745406

 15:32 <slangasek> that's probably a very old bug whose stacktrace signature has recently changed

 15:32 <slangasek> I was never able to debug that

 15:32 <bdmurray> sure its bug 927636

 15:32 <ubottu> bug 927636 in plymouth (Ubuntu) "plymouthd crashed with SIGSEGV in script_obj_deref_direct()" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/927636

 15:33 <slangasek> if someone has a reproducer, that would help

 15:33 <bdmurray> I've done some research into it but nothing is obvious. One idea would be to upload a plymouth that'll get more debug information.

 15:34 <bdmurray> There's no logging of which script is being processed / used although its likely the ubuntu one.

 15:34 <slangasek> ok

 15:34 <slangasek> yes, it was definitely reproduced with the Ubuntu script in the past

 15:34 <slangasek> anyway I'm wary of committing to it because it was so intractable last time I looked

 15:35 <slangasek> I think we have a full plate already between now and release, maybe we should revisit it later

 15:35 <bdmurray> Sounds good

 15:36 <slangasek> ok, anything else?

 15:36 <gaughen> no

 15:37 <slangasek> [TOPIC] AOB

 15:37 <slangasek> and anything else else?

 15:37 <sil2100> I don't think so

 15:39 <gaughen> no

 15:39 <slangasek> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)