== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 19 Apr at 15:01 &mdash; 15:55 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2018/ubuntu-meeting.2018-04-19-15.01.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning round ===
The discussion about "Lightning round" started at 15:01.

  * ''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/BionicBeaver/ReleaseNotes 

=== Lightning round ===
The discussion about "Lightning round" started at 15:16.


=== Bugs ===
The discussion about "Bugs" started at 15:16.

  * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-bb-tracking-bug-tasks.html 

=== AOB ===
The discussion about "AOB" started at 15:44.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * slangasek (41)
 * bdmurray (34)
 * sil2100 (17)
 * doko (13)
 * ubottu (13)
 * juliank (12)
 * cyphermox (11)
 * tdaitx (10)
 * gaughen (10)
 * rbalint (9)
 * xnox (9)
 * fginther (7)
 * tribaal (5)
 * Odd_Bloke (5)
 * rcj (4)
 * philroche (3)
 * meetingology (3)



== Full Log ==


 15:01 <slangasek> #startmeeting

 15:01 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Apr 19 15:01:07 2018 UTC.  The chair is slangasek. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 15:01 <meetingology> 

 15:01 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 15:01 <slangasek> [TOPIC] Lightning round

 15:01 <gaughen> o/

 15:01 <slangasek> $ echo $(shuf -e slangasek bdmurray xnox tdaitx doko sil2100 rbalint infinity cyphermox mwhudson rcj philroche Odd_Bloke tribaal fginther juliank)

 15:01 <slangasek> bdmurray mwhudson juliank slangasek rcj infinity sil2100 Odd_Bloke fginther philroche rbalint xnox tdaitx cyphermox doko tribaal

 15:02 <bdmurray> submitted RT regarding removing core files from swift

 15:02 <bdmurray> found more bugs indicating issues with ubiquity upgrade (LP: #1152399)

 15:02 <bdmurray> committed a bug pattern regarding the â†‘ issue

 15:02 <bdmurray> submitted ubiquity MP re dropping of upgrade option (LP: #1756862)

 15:02 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1152399 in ubiquity (Ubuntu) "ubiquity upgrade option failed due to being unable to resolve the upgrade" [Medium,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1152399

 15:02 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1756862 in apt-clone (Ubuntu) "UIFE - remove ubiquity upgrade option" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1756862

 15:02 <bdmurray> retraced an apt apport crash report which was directly upload to LP ðŸ˜•

 15:02 <bdmurray> sent an email to ubuntu-devel re gnome-software and metapackages

 15:02 <bdmurray> reviewed mwhudson's subiquity install docs

 15:02 <bdmurray> investigation into failed queue retracer backlog

 15:02 <bdmurray> discovered the failed queue retracers aren't retracing the failed queueâ€¼

 15:02 <bdmurray> resurrected apport for trusty in my PPA to fix apport's autopkgtests

 15:02 <bdmurray> investigation into meta-release file cacheing and how it might go bad

 15:02 <bdmurray> emailed doc team and ubuntu quality regarding removal of ubiquity upgrade option

 15:02 <bdmurray> uploaded avahi SRU for LP: #1760128 (lots of dupes)

 15:02 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1760128 in avahi (Ubuntu Xenial) "package avahi-dnsconfd 0.6.32~rc+dfsg-1ubuntu2 failed to install/upgrade: subprocess new pre-removal script returned error exit status 1" [High,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1760128

 15:02 <bdmurray> research into ca-certificates bug LP: #1764848

 15:02 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1764848 in ca-certificates (Ubuntu) "Upgrade to ca-certificates to 20180409 causes ca-certificates.crt to be removed if duplicate certs found" [Undecided,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1764848

 15:02 <bdmurray> triage of apport-package bionic bug reports

 15:02 <bdmurray> pinged kubuntu team about bug LP: #1622499

 15:02 <bdmurray> digging in update-notifier and systemd user jobs kind of like bug LP: #1761841

 15:02 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1622499 in kaccounts-providers (Ubuntu) "[master] package kaccounts-providers (not installed) failed to install/upgrade: trying to overwrite '/etc/signon-ui/webkit-options.d/accounts.google.com.conf', which is also in package account-plugin-google 0.13+16.04.20160719-0ubuntu1" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1622499

 15:02 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1761841 in update-notifier (Ubuntu) "Notification for livepatch are not shown." [Medium,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1761841

 15:02 <bdmurray> âœ” done

 15:03 <bdmurray> juliank:

 15:03 <juliank> * apt:

 15:03 <juliank> - landed hook support for snap integration

 15:03 <juliank> - landed zstd support

 15:03 <juliank> - released apt and python-apt 1.6; opened 1.7 branches :)

 15:03 <juliank> * networkd-dispatcher:

 15:03 <juliank> - MIR

 15:03 <juliank> - dropped iw|wireless-tools depends to suggests

 15:03 <juliank> - made it read hooks from /usr/lib instead of /etc (bug 1765152)

 15:03 <ubottu> bug 1765152 in networkd-dispatcher (Ubuntu Bionic) "networkd-dispatcher should read from /usr/lib, not /etc" [Critical,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1765152

 15:03 <juliank> * fixing ftbfs page to only show main stuff in team lists (pending merge)

 15:04 <juliank> * seeded pv and socat in supported-cloud

 15:04 <juliank> (done)

 15:04 <juliank> odd weechat

 15:04 <slangasek> * one week from release and I feel fine

 15:04 <slangasek> * review of inbound last minute kernel packaging changes

 15:04 <slangasek> * review of shim-signed changes

 15:04 <slangasek> * misc FTBFS fixes

 15:04 <slangasek> * misc archive cleanup (priority-mismatch, component-mismatch)

 15:04 <slangasek> * reached out to web team for download page changes

 15:04 <slangasek> * fixed ubiquity VT conflict properly LP: #1763739

 15:04 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1763739 in ubiquity (Ubuntu) "[xubuntu, budgie & mate] ISO boots directly to desktop" [Critical,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1763739

 15:04 <slangasek> * network stack design discussions

 15:04 <slangasek> * FFe reviews

 15:04 <slangasek> * prep for roadmap sprint the week after release

 15:04 <gaughen> slangasek, is your first line meant to be sung?

 15:04 <slangasek> (done)

 15:04 <slangasek> gaughen: /all/ my lines are meant to be sung

 15:04 <gaughen> lol

 15:04 <slangasek> rcj:

 15:04 <rcj> rcj:

 15:04 <rcj> * âœ‹HIGHLIGHT: google-cloud-sdk shipping in Bionic as a snap rather than deb package in Google Compute Engine images

 15:04 <rcj> * cloud-image test improvements / fixes

 15:04 <rcj> âœ“ done

 15:05 * doko turns down the volume

 15:05 <gaughen> woot!

 15:05 <gaughen> rcj, should we put that in the release notes?

 15:05 <sil2100> Ok, no infinity here

 15:05 <gaughen> https://wiki.ubuntu.com/BionicBeaver/ReleaseNotes

 15:05 <sil2100> Let me go

 15:06 <sil2100> - SRU reviews and releases

 15:06 <sil2100> - FFe reviews

 15:06 <sil2100> - A lot of bionic queue reviews

 15:06 <sil2100> - Investigating and resolving the debian-installer broken non-latin locale (thanks Colin!)

 15:06 <sil2100> - Investigating and fixing ubiquity not pre-selecting the keyboard layout per locale

 15:06 <sil2100> - NEW review of lightdm-settings

 15:06 <sil2100> - grub2:

 15:06 <sil2100> * Sending auto-nvram patch for upstream review

 15:06 <sil2100> * Adjusting patch verbosity and preparing patch and preparing git-dpm branch for merge

 15:06 <sil2100> - Some short fun with security britney2 juju charm

 15:06 <sil2100> - Spinning new base language-packs for bionic

 15:06 <sil2100> - Stressed with incoming release

 15:06 <sil2100> (done)

 15:06 <slangasek> Odd_Bloke:

 15:06 <Odd_Bloke> * Back from vacation, so mostly catching up

 15:06 <Odd_Bloke> * Vanguard for cloud image build system, largely in preparation for bionic release

 15:07 <Odd_Bloke> * Started work on cloud-specific model assertions for cloud images

 15:07 <Odd_Bloke> (done)

 15:07 <Odd_Bloke> fginther:

 15:07 <fginther> * Refactored xenial GCE image to the new build system

 15:07 <fginther> * Worked with IS to enable updated jenkins slaves

 15:07 <fginther> * Testing of new automation for partner cloud image publication

 15:07 <fginther> * Fixed the jenkins log analyser to correctly fetch logs in our production jenki

 15:07 <fginther> ns environments

 15:07 <fginther> (done)

 15:07 <philroche> * Deliver early preview of Bionic to public clouds

 15:07 <philroche> * Cloud image build system vanguard

 15:07 <philroche> (done)

 15:07 <fginther> philroche:

 15:07 <gaughen> slangasek, infinity, sil2100 should we call out the snapped agents in the release notes

 15:09 <sil2100> gaughen: we could, but not sure if we had such cloud-specific changes in the release notes before

 15:09 <tdaitx> Short week: 1.5 days off due to personal issues

 15:09 <tdaitx> * OpenJDK 10 as default JDK

 15:09 <tdaitx> - libcommons-lang3-java, gradle, groovy fixes (ongoing)

 15:09 <tdaitx> - javah, invalid source/target, ant default to --release, doclets

 15:09 <tdaitx> * OpenJDK 8 security update

 15:09 <tdaitx> - applied s390x fix (from upstream)

 15:09 <sil2100> But maybe I was just unlucky with artful not having those

 15:09 <tdaitx> (done)

 15:10 <cyphermox> - [HIGHLIGHT] netplan 0.35 - 'netplan try' landed, fixed mii-monitor-interval, etc.

 15:10 <cyphermox> - MIR reviews

 15:10 <cyphermox> - ubiquity release 18.04.6

 15:10 <cyphermox> - lots of examples, docs updates to website / git thanks to powersj

 15:10 <cyphermox> - uploaded shim-signed, dkms changes to self-sign DKMS modules

 15:10 <cyphermox> - reviewed initramfs-tools netplan integration changes

 15:10 <cyphermox> - started SRUs for netplan breadcrumbs, mii-monitor-interval fixes

 15:10 <gaughen> sil2100, thanks. I'm not sure we'll call it out then - as it's not a new package in the image but a move to a snap

 15:10 <cyphermox> - started SRUs for DKMS+shim-signed u-s-p changes to xenial, artful

 15:10 <cyphermox> - discussed netplan YAML syntax checking updates with dja

 15:10 <cyphermox> (done)

 15:10 <rbalint> o/

 15:10 <xnox> Worked on rax-nova-agent, xe-guest-utilities, and progressing with maas/livecd-rootfs/subiquity.

 15:10 <xnox> Talking about IPv6 RA, and SCSI scans.

 15:10 <xnox> âœ… done.

 15:11 <tribaal> * Travel to Iceland

 15:11 <tribaal> * Worked on Minimal builds

 15:11 <tribaal> * Handover task to other team members (I'm leaving :/)

 15:11 <tribaal> * Thanks for all the good times and for being awesome.

 15:11 <tribaal> (done)

 15:12 <rbalint> * new unattended-upgrades release

 15:12 <rbalint> * finalizing and uploading dpkg zstd support

 15:12 <rbalint> * things i can't report yet (i think)

 15:12 <rbalint> (done)

 15:13 <slangasek> doko:

 15:13 <doko> - gcc-7 / gcc-8 updates

 15:13 <doko> - python 2.7.15rc1 update

 15:13 <doko> - java related syncs

 15:13 <doko> - investigate issues likely to be caused by the --push-state --no-as-needed --popstate usage

 15:13 <doko> - fix some ftbfs

 15:13 <doko> - process some MIRs

 15:13 <doko> (done)

 15:14 <slangasek> questions on status?

 15:14 <slangasek> forgot to mention, I'm off tomorrow

 15:15 <bdmurray> I'm out on Monday

 15:16 <slangasek> [TOPIC] Lightning round

 15:16 <slangasek> [TOPIC] Bugs

 15:16 <tdaitx> doko you mentioned additional java relarted failures on update_excuses, under what packages are those?

 15:17 <bdmurray> there are still a bunch of bugs targetted for bionic

 15:17 <bdmurray> http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-bb-tracking-bug-tasks.html

 15:18 <doko> tdaitx: search for csvjdbc and all down to libpdfbox2-java

 15:18 <tdaitx> doko: ack, thanks

 15:18 <slangasek> bdmurray: any of these we should highlight for fixing before GA vs. being candidates for SRU?

 15:19 <bdmurray> xnox: are you still working on bug 1749199?

 15:19 <ubottu> bug 1749199 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu Bionic) "purge conf files on removal of upstart (was session fails to start after an upgrade from xenial to bionic)" [Critical,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1749199

 15:20 <tdaitx> doko: is there any I should be aware that is not listed under "Maintainer: Debian Java Maintainers"?

 15:20 <doko> tdaitx: I didn't check. LO still seems to build

 15:21 <bdmurray> Also is there a hold up on bug 1761630? its Fix Committed

 15:21 <ubottu> bug 1761630 in systemd (Ubuntu Bionic) "journald takes over /dev/log in bionic, impacts usability of syslog querying" [Medium,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1761630

 15:22 <xnox> bdmurray, yes, still working. Specifically, i dislike that if things are chosen to be deconfigured and deinstalled as part of the upgrade, they are not purged/removed later on. Only leaf things end up purged. So I'm working on improving the transaction to ensure things chosen for removal mid-upgrade, are purged, and not just removed.

 15:22 <slangasek> bdmurray: the fix for that is stuck in bionic-proposed due to libfastjson MIR

 15:22 <xnox> bdmurray, not sure if I should be stashing / remembering removed things, in case of an upgrade failure, and only purging them upon successful upgrade.

 15:23 <bdmurray> xnox: Are you doing it in ubuntu-release-upgrader? If so did you look at PostUpgradeQuriks?

 15:23 <slangasek> xnox: upstart is already unsupported in xenial except for upgrades; I think you should not overengineer

 15:23 <doko> slangasek, xnox: do we want to include libfastjson in the rsyslog source?

 15:23 <slangasek> doko: is that the MIR and security team's guidance?

 15:24 <doko> the MIR team doesn't dislike that

 15:24 <doko> and the security team doesn't dislike it either

 15:24 <xnox> slangasek, it's not just upstart. And upstart is totally supported and required on xenial, since on xenial it is the user-session init.....

 15:25 <slangasek> xnox: is this about system-level conffiles?

 15:25 <xnox> slangasek, yes.

 15:25 <slangasek> xnox: that are unused for the user session?

 15:26 <xnox> the upgrade bugs area bout system-level conffiles; user session init does not use system-level conffiles; but in xenial it was shipped in the same binary package....

 15:27 <xnox> *are about

 15:27 <slangasek> xnox: right - so I think there's no significant impact from just rm -f'ing the conffiles from whatever's doing this cleanup

 15:30 <bdmurray> cyphermox: it looks like there is an MP for bug 1741690.

 15:30 <ubottu> bug 1741690 in ubiquity (Ubuntu Bionic) "You can't enable the Orca screen reader until after you click "Try Ubuntu" on Ubuntu bionic" [Critical,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1741690

 15:31 <cyphermox> bdmurray: aye

 15:33 <slangasek> bdmurray: any others?

 15:34 <bdmurray> slangasek: Oh maybe we should talk about the screen upgrade issue

 15:34 <bdmurray> bug 1761997

 15:35 <ubottu> bug 1761997 in screen (Ubuntu) "/var/run needs mode 777 in bionic" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1761997

 15:36 <bdmurray> It needs 775 in Xenial and 777 in Bionic.

 15:36 <slangasek> bdmurray: two options to fix it: set perms in the preinst, or handle the perms of screen itself via dpkg-statoverride instead of shipping the current upgrade-incompatible perms in the package

 15:37 <gaughen> are we agreed we need to fix this one for release, bdmurray ?

 15:37 <bdmurray> gaughen: I agree with myself

 15:37 <gaughen> :-)

 15:37 <slangasek> bdmurray: does it affect artful->bionic?

 15:38 <bdmurray> slangasek: No, it doesn't because artful has it as 777

 15:38 <slangasek> bdmurray: then the deadline is 18.04.1, right?

 15:38 <bdmurray> slangasek: Oh, I see.

 15:38 <bdmurray> Yes

 15:43 <bdmurray> that's it then from me

 15:44 <slangasek> ok

 15:44 <slangasek> [TOPIC] AOB

 15:44 <slangasek> anything else?

 15:45 <rbalint> slangasek: can we retarget LP: #1488620 to 18.04.1, too?

 15:45 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1488620 in initramfs-tools (Ubuntu) "Add LZ4 support to initramfs-tools" [Low,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1488620

 15:45 <rbalint> (it was not allowed to 18.04.0)

 15:46 <slangasek> rbalint: you can target it, yes ;)

 15:46 <rbalint> \o/ :-)

 15:46 <slangasek> rbalint: (doesn't mean I consider it a priority for 18.04.1, but we would at least consider it for SRU)

 15:47 <rbalint> :-\

 15:55 <slangasek> sounds like there's no other business

 15:55 <slangasek> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)