== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 12 Jul at 15:03 &mdash; 15:52 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2018/ubuntu-meeting.2018-07-12-15.03.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning round ===
The discussion about "Lightning round" started at 15:03.


=== Bugs ===
The discussion about "Bugs" started at 15:20.


=== AOB ===
The discussion about "AOB" started at 15:46.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * slangasek (48)
 * bdmurray (37)
 * cyphermox (28)
 * sil2100 (20)
 * ubottu (12)
 * tdaitx (9)
 * fginther (7)
 * Odd_Bloke (7)
 * juliank (6)
 * rcj (6)
 * rbalint (5)
 * meetingology (3)
 * doko (2)
 * gaughen (1)



== Full Log ==


 15:03 <slangasek> #startmeeting

 15:03 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Jul 12 15:03:40 2018 UTC.  The chair is slangasek. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 15:03 <meetingology> 

 15:03 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 15:03 <slangasek> [TOPIC] Lightning round

 15:04 <slangasek> $ echo $(shuf -e slangasek bdmurray xnox tdaitx doko sil2100 rbalint infinity cyphermox mwhudson rcj philroche Odd_Bloke juliank fginther)

 15:04 <slangasek> mwhudson rbalint sil2100 rcj cyphermox Odd_Bloke bdmurray philroche doko xnox juliank fginther slangasek infinity tdaitx

 15:04 <slangasek> rbalint: hi

 15:05 <rbalint> * wrote blog post http://balintreczey.hu/blog/run-ubuntu-on-windows-even-multiple-releases-in-parallel/

 15:05 <rbalint> * prepared many unattended-upgrades fixed and SRUd

 15:05 <rbalint> * SRUd gce-compute-image-packages

 15:06 <rbalint> * lot of unattended-upgrades testing

 15:06 <rbalint> (done)

 15:06 <sil2100> - SRU reviews and releases

 15:06 <sil2100> - New kernel SRU re-spin cycle for 4.15

 15:06 <sil2100> - Translation updates:

 15:06 <sil2100> * Copied langpacks to xenial-proposed for .5

 15:06 <sil2100> * Testing reported regressions, investigated the issue, l-o-m generated erroneous PPA packages for some reason

 15:06 <sil2100> (history shows it's not the first time)

 15:06 <sil2100> * Requested a re-export, re-generated and re-uploaded packages, re-sent call-for-testing

 15:06 <sil2100> * Requested a full translation export for bionic (decision has been made to update -base's for 18.04.1)

 15:06 <sil2100> - Iterated on the security-britney instance

 15:06 <sil2100> * Things work after some hacks, now just waiting for IS for getting it public

 15:06 <sil2100> - Fixing tests in the ubuntu-image cross-compilation PR to correctly mock qemu-user-static in find_executable

 15:06 <sil2100> - grub dual EFI/BIOS:

 15:06 <sil2100> * Finalized verification of the packages, grub2-signed and shim-signed released

 15:06 <sil2100> * Got poked by Steve about a serious regression introduced in installs with old isos

 15:06 <sil2100> * Re-added missing dependency change, fast-tracked it to bionic-updates with Steve

 15:06 <sil2100> - Some poking around about 16.04.5 stuff

 15:07 <sil2100> - core18 minor PR reviews

 15:07 <sil2100> (done)

 15:07 <rcj> rcj:

 15:07 <gaughen> o/

 15:07 <rcj> rcj:

 15:07 <rcj> * working on bionic daily build failures

 15:07 <rcj> * proposed disabling unused checksum calculation in livecd-rootfs

 15:07 <rcj> * cloud-image partner work

 15:07 <rcj> (done)

 15:08 <cyphermox> - coaching Eickmeyer (ubuntu-studio) for uploads (calf)

 15:08 <cyphermox> - [HIGHLIGHT] netplan.io release 0.39

 15:08 <cyphermox> - debugging weird PE32 header issues between shim/grub/edk2

 15:08 <cyphermox> y- review/sponsor fix for zfs in mkinitramfs (bug LP: #1661629)

 15:08 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1661629 in initramfs-tools (Ubuntu) "upgrade of kernel fails with mkinitramfs: failed to determine device for /" [Undecided,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1661629

 15:08 <cyphermox> - convert triggers: dovecot, fusiondirectory

 15:08 <cyphermox> - sru verfiication

 15:08 <cyphermox> (done)

 15:08 <Odd_Bloke> * MINIMAL IMAGE LAUNCH *airhorns*

 15:08 <Odd_Bloke> * Work for existing partners

 15:08 <Odd_Bloke> * Engagement with new partners around their images

 15:08 <Odd_Bloke> * Work to improve our lxd testing, which has a couple of warts

 15:08 <Odd_Bloke> * Preparation for sprint next week

 15:08 <Odd_Bloke> (done)

 15:08 <Odd_Bloke> bdmurray:

 15:09 <bdmurray> encountered and reported Traceback when upgrading to Cosmic (LP: #1780501)

 15:09 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1780501 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu) "Traceback calling Vte.Terminal.feed_child()" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1780501

 15:09 <bdmurray> investigation in vte2.91 regression of Vte.Terminal.feed_child() LP: #1780501

 15:09 <bdmurray> SRU verification for Artful and Bionic of LP: #1768379

 15:09 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1768379 in python3-defaults (Ubuntu) "python3-minimal should predepend on versioned version of python3-minimal" [Critical,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1768379

 15:09 <bdmurray> investigation into autopkgtest failures "triggered" by python3-defaults SRU

 15:09 <bdmurray> learned about retry-autopkgtest-regressions and used it for python3-defaults issues

 15:09 <bdmurray> tested mojo spec version of Errors Launchpad integration (not good)

 15:09 <bdmurray> updated daisy code to handle lp_use_staging being a string, commented on RT to get it updated

 15:09 <bdmurray> reported bug re deb to snap transition (LP: #1780841)

 15:09 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1780841 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu Bionic) "ubuntu-release-upgrader should transition debs to snaps" [High,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1780841

 15:09 <bdmurray> uploaded ubuntu-release-upgrader SRU for 18.04 fixing inhibitIdle and adding deb2snap transition

 15:09 <bdmurray> discussion regarding handling of noawait transitions

 15:09 <bdmurray> uploaded yorick, xpdf, and a â›´ load more noawait SRUs for 16.04 (LP: #1780996)

 15:09 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1780996 in sphinx (Ubuntu Xenial) "Convert triggers to noawait" [Medium,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1780996

 15:09 <bdmurray> review of smoser software-properties MP

 15:09 <bdmurray> SRU verification, upgrades from X and A, of LP: #1775660

 15:09 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1775660 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu Bionic) "ubuntu-release-upgrader should purge obsolete packages, not just remove them" [High,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1775660

 15:09 <bdmurray> worked on some of SRU verification of LP: #1780841 (ðŸ•·4 found)

 15:09 <bdmurray> âœ” done

 15:10 <slangasek> philroche is off

 15:10 <bdmurray> doko: ?

 15:10 <slangasek> doko is off

 15:10 <doko> on vacation

 15:10 <slangasek> xnox is off

 15:10 <doko> see you next week ....

 15:10 <slangasek> juliank:

 15:10 <juliank> * debugged mariadb hanging on arm64; blocking autopkgtests for itself and rdeps

 15:10 <juliank> * apt, python-apt point releases

 15:10 <juliank> * further work on grub postinst signature check

 15:10 <juliank> * a ton of trigger fixes

 15:10 <juliank> * a bit of launchpad api learning and adding missing tasks to the trigger bug (LP forgot to add them)...

 15:10 <juliank> (done)

 15:11 <slangasek> fginther:

 15:11 <fginther> * Out for 2 half days

 15:11 <fginther> * Working on cloud-init changes to disable ssh for users other then root

 15:11 <fginther> * Added unit tests to cover the pre-existing code

 15:11 <fginther> * Building images to test in real clouds

 15:11 <fginther> * Support release of minimal images with testing and publication fixes

 15:11 <fginther> * Manual testing of an updated partner image

 15:11 <fginther> âœ” done

 15:14 <slangasek> * prep for next week's midcycle sprint

 15:14 <slangasek> * worked on getting the POWER7 machines getting decommissioned

 15:14 <slangasek> * interviewing candidates for a product manager role

 15:14 <slangasek> * SRU, NEW reviews

 15:14 <slangasek> * code reviews

 15:14 <slangasek> * misc proposed-migration handling; there are still a lot of packages waiting in -proposed, but no more major transitions currently in progress and the backlog is way down, time for someone to start another transition

 15:14 <slangasek> * upcoming

 15:14 <slangasek> * off tomorrow (travel swap), in Montreal next week

 15:14 <slangasek> (done)

 15:14 <tdaitx> hmm, no infinity...

 15:14 <slangasek> tdaitx:

 15:14 <tdaitx> Short week: sick since the weekend, mostly out on Monday, slow going Tue & Wed

 15:14 <tdaitx> * lshw update + sru (LP: #1752523)

 15:14 <tdaitx> * working on openjdk-8 & openjdk-10 security updates

 15:14 <tdaitx> Other:

 15:14 <tdaitx> - taking evening language classes for the next 2 weeks (might affect my availability for the late team meetings)

 15:14 <tdaitx> (done)

 15:14 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1752523 in The Ubuntu-power-systems project "Ubuntu 18.04 [ P9 WSP DD2.2 ]: lshw version is displayed as "unknown" and -json option is not available in help message." [Medium,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1752523

 15:15 <cyphermox> tdaitx: yay lshw uploads!

 15:16 <slangasek> tdaitx: studying haskell? croatian?

 15:16 <tdaitx> and for some reason lshw does make my laptop freeze up

 15:16 <slangasek> :)

 15:16 <slangasek> oh my

 15:17 <sil2100> 'I speak fluently Python'

 15:17 <tdaitx> slangasek: hah, no, just german

 15:17 <slangasek> ok, any other questions on status?

 15:17 <sil2100> Python seems like a bad language for speaking, especially with all the whitespaces mattering that much

 15:17 <cyphermox> slangasek: product maanger role for Foundations or in general?

 15:18 <slangasek> cyphermox: in "general"

 15:18 <cyphermox> ack

 15:20 <slangasek> [TOPIC] Bugs

 15:20 <slangasek> bdmurray: ?

 15:20 <bdmurray> bug 1258597 popped up on my radar again

 15:20 <ubottu> bug 1258597 in grub2 (Ubuntu Trusty) "[Patch] Setting GRUB_TIMEOUT to a non-zero value when GRUB_HIDDEN_TIMEOUT is set is no longer supported." [Medium,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1258597

 15:21 <bdmurray> It seems a lot of people are bothered by it and it seems easy to fix

 15:22 <cyphermox> zug zug

 15:22 <cyphermox> (I'll upload the fix right away)

 15:22 <slangasek> what is the fix? to edit existing config files?

 15:23 <bdmurray> I'm sure commentor #45 will appreciate it

 15:23 <cyphermox> well, for one thing to not build from a default that has an invalid option

 15:23 <cyphermox> as for editing the existing config files, that's much much harder.

 15:23 <slangasek> ah ok

 15:23 <slangasek> just checking the scope

 15:23 <bdmurray> Could we fix it for 18.04.1?

 15:23 <cyphermox> I'm thinking fixing the default will already help

 15:23 <slangasek> yeah, sounds good. cyphermox you're saying you're taking it out of cycle?  if you're SRUing it we should still probably track it?

 15:24 <cyphermox> slangasek: I'll card and all of that

 15:24 <cyphermox> bdmurray: should be feasible, no other SRU in flight from the look of it

 15:25 <slangasek> I'll go ahead and card it

 15:25 <bdmurray> Okay, moving on. Is there a spot for netboot bugs e.g. 1777474

 15:25 <bdmurray> bug 1777474

 15:25 <ubottu> bug 1777474 in Ubuntu "Netinstall ISO offers usage of HTTPS mirrors but lacks ca-certificates" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1777474

 15:25 <slangasek> "netinstall ISO" != "netboot"

 15:25 <cyphermox> what's netinstall iso?

 15:26 <slangasek> are they reporting it against netinstall or netboot?

 15:26 <cyphermox> against mini.iso

 15:28 <slangasek> yeah, I don't think that image is anything we should invest in

 15:28 <cyphermox> don't we have some people who do use it?

 15:28 <slangasek> if they were actually netbooting, that's a different matter

 15:28 <cyphermox> should be simple enough to include ca-certificates on the mini.iso

 15:29 <cyphermox> "simple enough" == making sure there's a udeb, and shipping the files it needs

 15:29 <slangasek> cyphermox: clearly we do, but if they want a supported experience they should use the ISOs that we advertise

 15:29 <cyphermox> slangasek: ok.

 15:29 <bdmurray> where should the bug go though?

 15:29 <slangasek> debian-installer

 15:30 <bdmurray> okay

 15:33 <bdmurray> Since we have a couple of SRU team members here could we talk about bug 1780501 and how to proceed.

 15:33 <ubottu> bug 1780501 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu) "Traceback calling Vte.Terminal.feed_child()" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1780501

 15:33 <slangasek> bdmurray: revert it all?

 15:34 <bdmurray> I think in Ubuntu 18.04 at least it should be reverted.

 15:34 <slangasek> so, +1

 15:34 <bdmurray> I think the first paragraph of comment #8 is an assumption.

 15:34 <bdmurray> See bug 1779015 where a project had to change because the SRU

 15:34 <ubottu> bug 1779015 in Cubic trunk "Cubic crashes with error 'Vte.Terminal.feed_child() takes exactly 2 arguments (3 given)'." [Critical,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1779015

 15:35 <slangasek> developers are responsible for handling regressions introduced in SRUs

 15:36 <bdmurray> And the fix outlined in comment #4 shows how another package had to do version checking to cope with it too.

 15:38 <bdmurray> So it sounds like we are in agreement about fixing this for 18.04.

 15:38 <bdmurray> Bug 1778140 sounds bad but seems like it may be a corner case.

 15:38 <ubottu> bug 1778140 in e2fsprogs (Ubuntu) "resize2fs hoses a filesystem on lvm after resizing" [Undecided,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1778140

 15:40 <bdmurray> Any other opinions on that bug?

 15:40 <slangasek> bdmurray: I see Ted is replying to that bug; I think we should let upstream work this at the moment

 15:41 <slangasek> (we're not going to beat Ted T'so to resolving an e2fsprogs bug)

 15:41 <slangasek> s/'s/s'/

 15:41 <bdmurray> should we flag to keep an eye for rls-cc?

 15:43 <slangasek> bdmurray: unsure, you decide :)

 15:43 <bdmurray> I'll subscribe to it so we have an eye on it.

 15:44 <bdmurray> That's it from me.

 15:46 <slangasek> [TOPIC] AOB

 15:46 <slangasek> anything else?

 15:46 <cyphermox> yes

 15:46 <bdmurray> I'm out half of today and all of tomorrow

 15:47 <cyphermox> sil2100 and I would play Mahjong at the next sprint, we'd need two more players

 15:47 <cyphermox> asking in advance since it would be good to know rules beforehand

 15:47 <bdmurray> Is the one where the rules change every year?

 15:48 <cyphermox> the rules don't change every year in riichi mahjong (the japanese one, not the american one)

 15:48 <cyphermox> (that's all AOB for me)

 15:52 <slangasek> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)