== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 04 Jun at 16:31 &mdash; 16:46 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2018/ubuntu-meeting.2018-06-04-16.31.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting 
=== Announcements ===
The discussion about "Announcements" started at 16:32.


=== Weekly stand-up report ===
The discussion about "Weekly stand-up report" started at 16:33.


=== Highlighted packages ===
The discussion about "Highlighted packages" started at 16:43.


=== Miscellaneous and Questions ===
The discussion about "Miscellaneous and Questions" started at 16:43.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * ratliff (18)
 * jdstrand (10)
 * leosilva (6)
 * jjohansen (6)
 * sarnold (5)
 * mdeslaur (5)
 * sbeattie (5)
 * chrisccoulson (4)
 * meetingology (3)



== Full Log ==


 16:31 <ratliff> #startmeeting

 16:31 <meetingology> Meeting started Mon Jun  4 16:31:59 2018 UTC.  The chair is ratliff. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:31 <meetingology> 

 16:31 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 16:32 <ratliff> The meeting agenda can be found at:

 16:32 <ratliff> [LINK] https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting

 16:32 <ratliff> [TOPIC] Announcements

 16:32 <ratliff> There are no announcements this week.

 16:33 <ratliff> [TOPIC] Weekly stand-up report

 16:33 <ratliff> jdstrand: you're up

 16:33 <jdstrand> hi!

 16:33 <jdstrand> This week I plan to:

 16:33 <jdstrand> - hopefully turn on resquashfs tests. electron upstream is now fixed. A bit of review-tools work is needed to add an override mechanism

 16:33 <jdstrand> - iterate on various PRs I submitted last week related to udev

 16:33 <jdstrand> - adjust snap-confine to always use a device cgroup

 16:33 <jdstrand> - work through design considerations with niemeyer wrt update-alternatives (or something similar) snapd interface

 16:33 <jdstrand> - go through the anbox design and think through what proper confinment might look like

 16:33 <jdstrand> - pick up review-tools snap USNs phase1/part ii work as have time

 16:33 <jdstrand> that's it from me. mdeslaur, you're up

 16:34 <mdeslaur> I'm still in the happy place

 16:34 <mdeslaur> I published exempi updates this morning

 16:34 <mdeslaur> and am in the process of publishing an apport update for 14.04

 16:34 <mdeslaur> after that, I'll work on more updates

 16:34 <mdeslaur> that's about it, sbeattie, you're up

 16:34 <sbeattie> I'm in the happy place this week

 16:35 <sbeattie> I'm working on the git update, it's kind of gnarly.

 16:35 <sbeattie> I have some internal things to look at

 16:36 <sbeattie> I have the usual kernel cve triage bits to work on

 16:36 <sbeattie> That's probably it for me. jjohansen, over to you

 16:37 <jjohansen> I am working on finishing getting together the apparmor pull request for 4.18.

 16:37 <jjohansen> kernel ompatibility networking patches for the apparmor 2.x series

 16:37 <jjohansen> reviewing mjg's networking patches

 16:37 <jjohansen> and also working on the apparmor 3.0 release

 16:38 <jjohansen> we still have some caching bugs to working out, subset of features support, and uhmm something else that is slipping my mind atm

 16:38 <jjohansen> sarnold: you are up

 16:38 <sarnold> I'm on bug triage this week

 16:38 <sarnold> happy to review any apparmor patches that fall out of ^^

 16:38 <sarnold> and will finish the google gce .. something .. MIR this week

 16:39 <sarnold> hopefully make good progress on the next one on the list, bug triage is usually not terrible

 16:39 <sarnold> that's it for me, chrisccoulson?

 16:39 <chrisccoulson> I'm expecting a chromium update this week. I'm still expecting thunderbird too

 16:40 <chrisccoulson> I also need to spend some time getting ready for the next thunderbird update (from 52.x to 60.x)

 16:40 <chrisccoulson> I'm not expecting to have to spend time on rust, so other than that I'll be free to work on other things :)

 16:40 <chrisccoulson> that's me done

 16:41 <ratliff> I'm on community this week.

 16:41 <jdstrand> chrisccoulson: re rust> yay!

 16:41 <ratliff> I have internal work relating to https://grnh.se/b2d0bf371 (Ubuntu Security Engineer job posting) and other internal tasks.

 16:41 <ratliff> leosilva: on to you

 16:41 <leosilva> I'm on CVE-triage this week

 16:42 <leosilva> I have procps update to USN for precise-esm

 16:42 <leosilva> and I'm working on liblouis update

 16:42 <leosilva> I also plan to get other updates to do.

 16:42 <leosilva> that's it from me.

 16:42 <leosilva> ratliff: it's back to you

 16:43 <ratliff> thanks, leosilva

 16:43 <ratliff> [TOPIC] Highlighted packages

 16:43 <ratliff> The Ubuntu Security team suggests that contributors look into merging Debian security updates in community-supported packages. If you would like to help Ubuntu but are not sure where to start, this is a great way to do so.

 16:43 <ratliff> See http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/d2u/ for available merges and https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/UpdateProcedures for details on preparing Ubuntu security updates. If you have any questions, feel free to ask in #ubuntu-hardened. To find out other ways of helping out, please see https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/GettingInvolved.

 16:43 <ratliff> [TOPIC] Miscellaneous and Questions

 16:43 <ratliff> Does anyone have any other questions or items to discuss?

 16:45 <ratliff> jdstrand, mdeslaur, sbeattie, jjohansen, sarnold, chrisccoulson, leosilva: Thanks!

 16:46 <ratliff> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)