== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 13 Sep at 15:02 &mdash; 15:50 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2018/ubuntu-meeting.2018-09-13-15.02.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning round ===
The discussion about "Lightning round" started at 15:02.

  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~doko/ftbfs-report/test-rebuild-20180911-cosmic.html 

=== Bugs ===
The discussion about "Bugs" started at 15:22.

  * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/vaultlocker/+bug/1780332 

=== AOB ===
The discussion about "AOB" started at 15:48.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * slangasek (60)
 * bdmurray (28)
 * xnox (26)
 * ubottu (21)
 * cyphermox (20)
 * juliank (16)
 * doko (15)
 * sil2100 (13)
 * tdaitx (12)
 * rbalint (10)
 * Odd_Bloke (7)
 * philroche (5)
 * rcj (4)
 * fginther (4)
 * tobikoch (3)
 * aleks_bogdanov (3)
 * meetingology (3)
 * gaughen (3)
 * cshep (2)



== Full Log ==


 15:02 <slangasek> #startmeeting

 15:02 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Sep 13 15:02:06 2018 UTC.  The chair is slangasek. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 15:02 <meetingology> 

 15:02 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 15:02 <slangasek> [TOPIC] Lightning round

 15:02 <slangasek> $ echo $(shuf -e slangasek bdmurray xnox tdaitx doko sil2100 rbalint infinity cyphermox mwhudson rcj philroche Odd_Bloke fginther juliank cshep aleks_bogdanov tobikoch)

 15:02 <slangasek> fginther aleks_bogdanov tdaitx cshep bdmurray xnox philroche infinity cyphermox doko mwhudson sil2100 Odd_Bloke slangasek juliank rbalint rcj tobikoch

 15:02 <slangasek> fginther: hello!

 15:02 <fginther> * Out for three days on holiday

 15:02 <fginther> * Created a new test image for a partner

 15:02 <fginther> * Cloud image build system vanguarding

 15:02 <fginther> * done

 15:03 <rbalint> o/

 15:03 <aleks_bogdanov> * working on simple streams exporters

 15:03 <aleks_bogdanov> * getting to learn all the systems and processes

 15:03 <aleks_bogdanov> * done

 15:03 <tdaitx> Short week: last Friday, working 6h/day this week

 15:03 <tdaitx> * fixed openjdk atk bridge error (LP: #1788250) a while ago

 15:03 <tdaitx> - provided package to the security team, released on Bionic yesterday

 15:03 <tdaitx> * updated openjdk-lts sru exception, created ffe bug report (LP: #1791716)

 15:03 <tdaitx> * provided debdiff for new openjdk-11/openjdk-lts to doko

 15:03 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1788250 in openjdk-8 (Ubuntu) "AWT applications fail with java.awt.AWTError: Assistive Technology not found: org.GNOME.Accessibility.AtkWrapper" [Undecided,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1788250

 15:03 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1791716 in java-common (Ubuntu) "FFe: sync java packages from Debian to fix OpenJDK 10/11 issues in Cosmic" [Undecided,Incomplete] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1791716

 15:03 <tdaitx> * fixed orphanedold-dkms files, tested on Xenial, Bionic, and Cosmic, SRU for Xenial/Bionic and patch for Cosmic (LP: #1791959)

 15:04 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1791959 in initramfs-tools (Ubuntu) "[SRU] remove orphaned initrd old-dkms files in /boot" [Medium,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1791959

 15:04 <tdaitx> * so far unable to cause sync to hang in order to reproduce LP: #1667512

 15:04 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1667512 in initramfs-tools (Ubuntu) "update-initramfs hangs on upgrade, dpkg unusable, unbootable system" [Medium,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1667512

 15:04 <tdaitx> (done)

 15:04 <slangasek> cshep:

 15:05 <cshep> working on updating image classes

 15:05 <cshep> that's pretty much it. done

 15:05 <bdmurray> committed a fix for an OOPS encounted when submitting crashes to daisy

 15:05 <bdmurray> https://oops.canonical.com/oops/?oopsid=OOPS-fed140a72ccf553f7f43898fbc0a8f4c

 15:05 <bdmurray> submitted RT re daisy and apport code updates for the production Error Tracker

 15:05 <bdmurray> modified upgrade-charm hooks in Error Tracker charms to use proper directories

 15:05 <bdmurray> fixed cheetah issue w/ logrotation jobs for daisy and errors app servers

 15:05 <bdmurray> sorted out issues with staging version of the Error Tracker

 15:05 <bdmurray> submitted RT regarding staging errors frontends access to prod cassandra

 15:05 <bdmurray> updated Error Tracker main page filtering to show only deb crashes and add a

 15:05 <bdmurray> figured out how to and imported a snap crash into the staging version of the Error Tracker

 15:05 <bdmurray> selection for 'all other binary packages'

 15:05 <bdmurray> updated Bionic release notes to include info re dropping of powerpc arch

 15:05 <bdmurray> investigation into apport SRU regressions

 15:06 <bdmurray> overrode increased rate of crashes for open-vm-tools after discussion w/ cpaelzar

 15:06 <bdmurray> SRU verification of libc6 upgrade change (LP: #1787649)

 15:06 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1787649 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu Bionic) "ubuntu-release-upgrader crashed with SystemError: E:Error, pkgProblemResolver::Resolve generated breaks, this may be caused by held packages." [High,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1787649

 15:06 <bdmurray> review of didier's apport MP which fixes LP: #1791324

 15:06 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1791324 in apport (Ubuntu Bionic) "/usr/share/apport/apport-gtk:KeyError:/usr/share/apport/apport-gtk@598:run_argv:run_crashes:run_crash" [Medium,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1791324

 15:06 <bdmurray> irc discussion with tdaitx re LP: #1791959 and old-dkms files

 15:06 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1791959 in initramfs-tools (Ubuntu) "[SRU] remove orphaned initrd old-dkms files in /boot" [Medium,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1791959

 15:06 <bdmurray> ordered a dragonboard and parts

 15:06 <bdmurray> âœ”  done

 15:06 <bdmurray> xnox:

 15:06 <xnox> * smc-tools new upstream release LP: #1689782

 15:06 <xnox> * PATH is broken, fixing everywhere:

 15:06 <xnox> LP: #1792004 LP: #1614080

 15:06 <xnox> https://github.com/systemd/systemd/pull/10073

 15:06 <xnox> * openssh-server socket activation patches

 15:06 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1689782 in smc-tools (Ubuntu) "[18.10 FEAT] New package: smc-tools >=1.1.0" [Wishlist,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1689782

 15:06 <xnox> - done, reviewed with debian maintainers & foundations

 15:06 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1792004 in systemd (Ubuntu) "built-in PATH seems to have sbin and bin out of order; and inconsistent" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1792004

 15:06 <xnox> - will clean-up more and post to systemd-devel review

 15:06 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1614080 in bash (Ubuntu) "PATH contains dot when PATH is unset before running bash" [Medium,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1614080

 15:06 <xnox> - also will post for review to openssh-portable

 15:06 <xnox> * debugging finarld incomplete shutdown initrd generations

 15:07 <xnox> done

 15:07 <philroche> * Cloud image modification for partner clouds

 15:07 <philroche> * Helping onboard new team members

 15:07 <philroche> * Preparing for team sprint next week

 15:07 <philroche> (done)

 15:07 <philroche> cyphermox:

 15:08 <cyphermox> - MIR: gpsd

 15:08 <cyphermox> - SRU verifications for gnu-efi, shim 13 in trusty, shim 15 in bionic

 15:08 <cyphermox> - fixing netplan autopkgtests prior to upload

 15:09 <cyphermox> - optional-addresses upstream systemd work

 15:09 <cyphermox> - merged mwhudson's optional-addresses code for netplan

 15:09 <cyphermox> - plymouth fix for tty deactivation (LP: #1767918) and SRU to bionic

 15:09 <cyphermox> - fwupdate: drop uefi artefacts

 15:09 <cyphermox> - investigating missing MokSBStateRT in efivars

 15:09 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1767918 in plymouth (Ubuntu Bionic) "Login password from GDM is shown in plain text on the VT1 console" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1767918

 15:09 <cyphermox> - SRU syslinux with patch for gnu-efi 3.0.8 support in bionic

 15:09 <cyphermox> - proposed-migration: looked into python-pkginfo

 15:09 <cyphermox> (done)

 15:09 <doko> - at the GNU Cauldron in Manchester from Thu to Mon

 15:09 <doko> - working on toolchain SRUs with sil2001

 15:09 <doko> - review all open MIRs

 15:09 <doko> - archive work, toolchain updates

 15:09 <doko> (done)

 15:09 <doko> ohh, and started a cosmic test rebuild

 15:10 <doko> http://people.canonical.com/~doko/ftbfs-report/test-rebuild-20180911-cosmic.html

 15:10 <juliank> +1

 15:11 <slangasek> xnox: do you suppose we could get a central writeup afterwards of how you expect PATH to work, so we a) know what would be a regression, and b) can make sure there are no holes in it?

 15:11 <bdmurray> sil2100:

 15:11 <sil2100> - Candidate reviews

 15:11 <sil2100> - Kernel SRU reviews

 15:11 <sil2100> - Regular SRU reviews and releases

 15:11 <sil2100> - FFe reviews

 15:11 <sil2100> - raspi3 u-i classic:

 15:11 <sil2100> * Adding some tweaks to ubuntu-image for easier kernel/initrd preparation

 15:11 <sil2100> * Figuring out the correct uboot.env for raspi3

 15:11 <Odd_Bloke> slangasek: You want to understand the PATH forward?

 15:11 <sil2100> * Add some more changes to the gadget tree and livecd-rootfs to get proper boot contents

 15:11 <sil2100> * Multiple test image builds - final local image finally booting into the system on the rootfs

 15:11 <sil2100> - Tweaks to the work-in-progress britney branch for SRU ADT regression handling, test suite additions

 15:11 <xnox> Odd_Bloke, ahahhahahhaha

 15:11 <sil2100> - Travel preparations

 15:11 <xnox> slangasek, possibly.

 15:11 <sil2100> (done)

 15:11 <Odd_Bloke> * Visiting a partner last week, so playing catch-up this week

 15:11 <Odd_Bloke> * Double-checked that microcode is correctly installed in bare metal images we provide to partners

 15:11 <Odd_Bloke> * Met with our new folks for the first time!

 15:11 <Odd_Bloke> * Continued work on streamlining the delivery of our images to GKE

 15:11 <xnox> slangasek, but i would argue we should drop /usr/local and then people will stop listening

 15:11 <Odd_Bloke> (done)

 15:12 <Odd_Bloke> slangasek:

 15:12 <xnox> slangasek, because e.g. unattended-upgrades.service should not have /usr/local in PATH

 15:13 <doko> tdaitx: fyi: the above test rebuild is done using openjdk-11 as the default

 15:13 <tdaitx> doko: ack, thanks for that!

 15:14 <rbalint> xnox, why shouldn't u-u have /usr/local/bin ?

 15:14 <tdaitx> doko: just for curiosity sake, does the rebuild respect the build dependebcy order at all?

 15:14 <slangasek> * SRU processing, there are some good shims and grubs running around

 15:14 <slangasek> * Support for nvidia modules in GKE

 15:14 <slangasek> * Preparing for keyring cabal activities during the sprint

 15:14 <slangasek> * proposed-migration wrangling

 15:14 <slangasek> * upcoming:

 15:14 <slangasek> * swapping tomorrow for sprint travel

 15:14 <slangasek> * travelling to sprint

 15:14 <slangasek> (done)

 15:14 <juliank> * submitted systemd-networkd state documentation PR (https://github.com/systemd/systemd/pull/10033)

 15:14 <juliank> * debugged packagekit -crashing- restarting when upgrading itself (bug 1790613) - hello, maintainer scripts!

 15:15 <ubottu> bug 1790613 in packagekit (Ubuntu Bionic) "Regression: packagekit crashes updating itself to 1.1.9-1ubuntu2.18.04.1" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1790613

 15:15 <juliank> * fixed ipxe FTBFS

 15:15 <juliank> * fixed ipxe booting grub via shim in qemu (bug 1789319)

 15:15 <ubottu> bug 1789319 in MAAS "Unable to load shimx64.efi using iPXE over UEFI" [Undecided,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1789319

 15:15 <juliank> * some apt upstream discussions

 15:15 <juliank> * reviewed an update-manager merge proposal from rbalint (https://code.launchpad.net/~rbalint/update-manager/retry-after-failed-transaction/+merge/354648)

 15:15 <juliank> * submitted PR for networkd-dispatcher /etc overrides (https://gitlab.com/craftyguy/networkd-dispatcher/merge_requests/40)

 15:15 <juliank> * merged newt for automake 1.16 (after a friendly request from LocutusOfBorg, who merged automake); reported some bugs in debian

 15:15 <juliank> (done)

 15:15 <rbalint> (short week)

 15:15 <slangasek> rbalint:

 15:15 <rbalint> * triaging unattended-upgrades regressions

 15:15 <rbalint> * gardening update-manager bugs

 15:15 <rbalint> * fixing LP: #1317164 and LP: #1791931 which have > 100 duplicates and lot of reported crashes

 15:15 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1317164 in update-manager (Ubuntu) "Show reason of TransactionFailed and let the user try again instead of crashing" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1317164

 15:15 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1791931 in update-manager (Ubuntu) "Update-manager crashes in _show_transaction due to packages being already removed" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1791931

 15:15 <rbalint> * renaming WSL apps to proudly include LTS in the name

 15:15 <rbalint> (done)

 15:15 <doko> tdaitx: no. why would it be necessary?

 15:16 <slangasek> xnox: I'm asking you for documentation, not a polemic

 15:16 <slangasek> rcj:

 15:17 <tdaitx> doko: hmm, I don't see maven, ant, or gradle there, is that expected?

 15:17 <rcj> * Debugging and reported a missing dependency in linux-firmware (bug #1792189)

 15:17 <ubottu> bug 1792189 in linux-firmware (Ubuntu) "linux-firmware does not depend on initramfs-tools" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1792189

 15:17 <doko> tdaitx: still running ... blame the libreoffice/chromium/firefox test builds for the delay ...

 15:17 <rcj> * cloud image development and fixes

 15:17 <rcj> (done)

 15:17 <tobikoch> * Learning about image building.

 15:17 <tobikoch> * Debugging small problems related to that.

 15:17 <tobikoch> (happy end)

 15:18 <slangasek> tdaitx: it rebuilds using the main archive for build-dependencies, so in principle everything there should be buildable against itself now without bootstrapping

 15:18 <slangasek> and anything that isn't is a failure

 15:18 <xnox> rbalint, because /usr/local/bin/python3 breaks distro upgrades.

 15:18 <slangasek> xnox: just create a systemd unit that watches for /usr/local/bin/python3 with inotify and deletes it

 15:18 <tdaitx> slangasek: ack, thanks

 15:18 <xnox> slangasek, excellent idea!

 15:19 <rbalint> xnox, u-u does not really run during distro upgrades

 15:19 <xnox> rbalint, /any/ package upgrade can fail... we have bugs...

 15:19 <slangasek> any other questions on status?

 15:22 <slangasek> [TOPIC] Bugs

 15:23 <slangasek> bdmurray: hello

 15:23 <bdmurray> bug 1754777

 15:23 <ubottu> bug 1754777 in casper (Ubuntu) "bionic casper nfsboot not reaching desktop env, failure to mount various kernel filesystems and /tmp" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1754777

 15:24 <slangasek> bdmurray: I don't think casper nfs support is a priority for us

 15:25 <cyphermox> people still use nfs?

 15:25 <cyphermox> :D

 15:26 <slangasek> doko: btw is that rebuild test going to show up at http://qa.ubuntuwire.org/ftbfs/rebuilds/ soon?

 15:26 <bdmurray> Could somebody comment on the bug since it has a lot of people affected?

 15:26 <slangasek> who are these lots of people that are affected?

 15:27 <slangasek> if you're doing casper+nfs, you're doing something custom

 15:27 <cyphermox> oh, actually

 15:27 <cyphermox> could it be some kind of edubuntu thing maybe?

 15:27 <slangasek> there's no edubuntu in 18.04

 15:27 <cyphermox> no, but people do upgrade

 15:27 <cyphermox> I wonder if it's casper used outside of for install purposes.

 15:28 <doko> slangasek: no, using my modified ftbfs-report. and you wanted to review my changes and propose a package where to file these changes ...

 15:28 <cyphermox> (not that it particularly changes whether we support nfs+casper really)

 15:28 <doko> and only sending the annonucement once main has finished to build

 15:28 <gaughen> I have a bug I wanted to ask about before we move on, slangasek

 15:30 <slangasek> doko: afaik you still need to push changes to lp:~wgrant/lp-ftbfs-report/production

 15:30 <rcj> suspenseful

 15:30 <gaughen> https://bugs.launchpad.net/vaultlocker/+bug/1780332

 15:31 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1780332 in cryptsetup (Ubuntu) "vaultlocker does not ensure that udev is triggered to create /dev/disk/by-uuid/<uuid-in-luks-header> symlink and fails" [Undecided,New]

 15:31 <slangasek> doko: so you need wgrant to review rather than me

 15:33 <doko> slangasek: we should add these scripts to some distro repo

 15:36 <slangasek> doko: it should have its own repo, but you still need to negotiate that with wgrant to change which branch he's deploying from

 15:36 <doko> well, next week. he got the same emails that you got

 15:36 <doko> sil2100: sru ping?

 15:36 <xnox> i'll comment on the bug

 15:36 <slangasek> xnox: ta :)

 15:36 <slangasek> bdmurray: other bugs?

 15:37 <bdmurray> How about a crash? https://errors.ubuntu.com/problem/ef53414acdfe092569388629a5c446880d0bcba1

 15:37 <slangasek> are crashes bugs?

 15:37 <rbalint> slangasek, they can become ones :-)

 15:38 <slangasek> systemd-journald crashing

 15:38 <slangasek> in fsync()

 15:39 <slangasek> am I blind that I can't find here what signal it's crashing with?

 15:39 <bdmurray> 6

 15:39 <sil2100> doko: I just need the SRU verification steps mentioned on the tracking bugs and then it should be good to go

 15:39 <cyphermox> slangasek: top of the screen, in the breadcrumbs thing

 15:40 <cyphermox> ah, bdmurray already answered

 15:40 <slangasek> oh, that's the 6? ok

 15:40 <slangasek> so it's a SIGABRT

 15:40 <juliank> similar to https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/systemd/+bug/1773148?

 15:40 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1773148 in systemd (Ubuntu Cosmic) "/lib/systemd/systemd-journald:6:fsync:fsync_directory_of_file:journal_file_rotate:do_rotate:server_rotate" [Undecided,New]

 15:41 <juliank> both crash in fsync.c:27 with SIGABORT

 15:41 <slangasek> rbalint, xnox: ^^ so should we be concerned about this, or does systemd-journald recover gracefully and this is a non-event?

 15:41 <slangasek> since SIGABRT likely means journald itself thought there was a problem

 15:41 <juliank> Probably systemd is aborting the syscall in fsync because the fsync hangs or something?

 15:42 <juliank> same bug: https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/systemd/+bug/1750855 it seems

 15:42 <ubottu> Error: launchpad bug 1750855 not found

 15:43 <bdmurray> juliank: yeah, that was my thought

 15:44 <slangasek> right, so I'm not sure that's user-affecting

 15:44 <slangasek> or fixable in systemd

 15:45 <juliank> Does systemd send SIGABRT to unresponsive services or something?

 15:45 <slangasek> it will, yes

 15:45 <slangasek> there's a keepalive on journald and I think logind

 15:45 <slangasek> so a hanging fsync() could just be tripping the watchdog

 15:46 <xnox> slangasek, juliank - systemd sends SIGABRT when internal timer times-out.

 15:46 <slangasek> right

 15:46 <xnox> because Watchdog= thing is set

 15:46 <xnox> actually

 15:46 <slangasek> we did change watchdog on some of the processes, didn't we?

 15:46 <juliank> ok

 15:46 <xnox> i thought we agreed to drop watchdog stanza on journald

 15:46 <xnox> slangasek, yeah, that's what i thought.

 15:46 <slangasek> well, I'm sure I opined that we should drop it

 15:46 <xnox> maybe we only talked about it in portland

 15:46 <slangasek> I don't know if it was agreed :)

 15:47 <slangasek> xnox: so should we take this into the backlog?

 15:47 <xnox> yeah

 15:47 <slangasek> ok, doing

 15:47 <bdmurray> that's it for me then

 15:48 <xnox> i wonder if we can have a graceful watchdog, which instead of killing things, would log that "i would have killed it"

 15:48 <slangasek> I'll take via bug #1750855

 15:48 <ubottu> Error: Launchpad bug 1750855 could not be found

 15:48 <slangasek> [TOPIC] AOB

 15:48 <slangasek> anything else?

 15:48 <bdmurray> then should we mark the ET created bug as a dupe of the private crash?

 15:48 <slangasek> probably

 15:49 <bdmurray> doing so

 15:49 <slangasek> going once (AOB)

 15:49 <gaughen> sold!

 15:50 <slangasek> ok

 15:50 <slangasek> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)