== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 01 Oct at 16:32 &mdash; 16:54 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2018/ubuntu-meeting.2018-10-01-16.32.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting 
=== Announcements ===
The discussion about "Announcements" started at 16:32.


=== Weekly stand-up report ===
The discussion about "Weekly stand-up report" started at 16:33.


=== Highlighted packages ===
The discussion about "Highlighted packages" started at 16:52.


=== Miscellaneous and Questions ===
The discussion about "Miscellaneous and Questions" started at 16:52.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * jdstrand (36)
 * mdeslaur (17)
 * ebarretto (9)
 * chrisccoulson (8)
 * leosilva (7)
 * sbeattie (7)
 * msalvatore (5)
 * sarnold (3)
 * meetingology (3)
 * jjohansen (3)



== Full Log ==


 16:32 <jdstrand> #startmeeting

 16:32 <meetingology> Meeting started Mon Oct  1 16:32:11 2018 UTC.  The chair is jdstrand. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:32 <meetingology> 

 16:32 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 16:32 <jdstrand> The meeting agenda can be found at:

 16:32 <jdstrand> [LINK] https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting

 16:32 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Announcements

 16:32 <jdstrand> First off, I'd like to warmly welcome joemcmanus to the team as our new security team manager. Glad to have you Joe! :)

 16:32 <sbeattie> welcome, joemcmanus!

 16:33 <jdstrand> The generalist role rotation for this week as follows:

 16:33 <mdeslaur> \o

 16:33 <jdstrand> CVE Triage: msalvatore (ebarretto), Bug Triage: sarnold, Community: sbeattie, Happy Place: amurray, mdeslaur, leosilva, ebarretto

 16:33 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Weekly stand-up report

 16:34 <jdstrand> oh, I forgot one announcement

 16:34 <jdstrand> The Ubuntu Security Team is hiring!

 16:34 <jdstrand> Ubuntu Security engineer: https://boards.greenhouse.io/canonical/jobs/1158266?t=8c0a6c1f1

 16:34 <jdstrand> ok, I'll go first for standup

 16:34 <jdstrand> This week I plan to:

 16:34 <jdstrand> * continue brand store snap declarations

 16:34 <jdstrand> * continue kubernetes-support interfaces

 16:34 <jdstrand> * various snapd PR reviews

 16:34 <jdstrand> * iterate on docker PRs

 16:34 <jdstrand> * embargoed issue

 16:35 <jdstrand> mdeslaur: you're up

 16:35 <mdeslaur> I'm in the happy place this week

 16:35 <mdeslaur> I just finished publishing a whole new ghostscript version to the stable releases to fix a bunch of security issues that don't have CVE numbers

 16:36 <mdeslaur> hopefully it won't cause any major regressions

 16:36 <mdeslaur> I have an embargoed issue to publish later on once upstream makes the issue public

 16:36 <mdeslaur> and I'll be continuing more CVE work after that

 16:36 <mdeslaur> that's about it, sbeattie, you're up

 16:36 <sbeattie> I'm on community this week

 16:37 <jdstrand> mdeslaur: do you think it warrants a call for testing?

 16:37 <mdeslaur> what, ghostscript?

 16:37 <sarnold> it's already out the door :)

 16:37 <mdeslaur> I already published it

 16:37 <mdeslaur> I tested the heck out of it

 16:37 <jdstrand> mdeslaur: yes, and, ok :)

 16:37 <mdeslaur> and judging by the number of open bugs against the old version, this one can only be better

 16:38 <jdstrand> mdeslaur: it was the 'hopefully' that threw me:)

 16:38 <mdeslaur> I will keep a look out for regression bugs

 16:38 * jdstrand nods

 16:38 <jdstrand> mdeslaur: thanks for taking that on. ghostscript can be challenging

 16:39 <jdstrand> sorry sbeattie, go ahead :)

 16:39 <sbeattie> kernel updates are being published now, will start the USNs for them after the meeting.

 16:40 <sbeattie> I have imagemagick packages in the ubuntu-security-proposed ppa that disable pdf/ps support, to avoid ghostscript (for all the reasons above) that I'll be testing and publishing.

 16:40 <mdeslaur> \o/

 16:40 <sbeattie> After that, I need to spend some time looking at possible addiitonal toolchain hardening for cosmic+1.

 16:41 <sbeattie> That will probably take up my week.

 16:41 <sbeattie> jjohansen: over to you.

 16:41 <jjohansen> Its a short week for me, I am off Wednesday, Thursday, and maybe Friday.

 16:41 <jjohansen> I am still trying to finish up last weeks items, apparmor items for the 4.20 pull request: mjg secmark patch, kernel_t label for kernel network tasks, and the nonewprivs work.  LSM stacking patches, and the 2.10.4, 2.11.2, 2.12.1, 2.13.1 stable releases for apparmor

 16:42 <jjohansen> thats it for me, sarnold you're up

 16:43 <sarnold> I'm on bug triage this week; I'm going to finish the xdg-desktop-portal-gtk MIR 1750069 this week, hopefully by tomorrow; then I'll run down the list of MIRs in trello. I'll do apparmor patch reviews as needed.

 16:43 <sarnold> that's it for me.. leosilva?

 16:43 <leosilva> I'm in the happy place this week

 16:43 <leosilva> I pushed a USN for bind9 for precise

 16:43 <leosilva> I spent some time in a glib2.0 regression, but it eends as a no sec regression

 16:44 <leosilva> I'll do the hunting pkg and find something to update - right now I'm digging on liblouis

 16:44 <leosilva> that is it for me

 16:44 <mdeslaur> libleo

 16:44 <leosilva> msalvatore: I think it's up to you now

 16:44 <leosilva> hehe.

 16:45 <msalvatore> Hi all. I'm on CVE triage this week, but It's a super short week for me (I'm out oct2-oct12)

 16:45 <msalvatore> ebarretto will fill in for CVE triage

 16:45 <msalvatore> I published fixes for uwsgi this morning

 16:45 <msalvatore> I'm focusing on CVE triage and re-triage of older CVEs for today.

 16:45 <msalvatore> ebarretto: you're up

 16:46 <ebarretto> I'm in the happy place/cve triage this week:

 16:46 <ebarretto> - Released today new opencv update for bionic

 16:46 <ebarretto> - Also released a new version of monit for xenial because of a regression in the last update (LP: #Bug:1786910)

 16:46 <ebarretto> - I am working on updating libav for trusty, right now I am testing the security fixes that were backported

 16:46 <ebarretto> - I will be doing CVE triage starting tomorrow to cover msalvatore

 16:46 <ebarretto> - If anyone finds any problem in uwsgi update from msalvatore, feel free to ping me and add me to bugs

 16:47 <ebarretto> that's it for me ... joemcmanus you're up

 16:49 <ebarretto> jdstrand, did we skip chrisccoulson ?

 16:49 <chrisccoulson> yep ;)

 16:49 <chrisccoulson> shall I go now?

 16:49 <jdstrand> ebarretto: he was skipped. I thought it was me now knowing who was out :)

 16:49 <mdeslaur> man, we keep forgetting chrisccoulson

 16:49 <mdeslaur> he's too quiet

 16:49 <chrisccoulson> lol

 16:49 <jdstrand> chrisccoulson: yes please :)

 16:49 <jdstrand> hey, I can't prove it, but I was thinking about it :)

 16:49 <mdeslaur> hehe

 16:50 <ebarretto> hehe

 16:50 <chrisccoulson> I'm expecting a firefox release to test and publish this week, although the release hasn't happened yet

 16:50 <chrisccoulson> I've got an embargoed update too

 16:50 <chrisccoulson> and I'll be working on the libssh2 MIR

 16:51 <chrisccoulson> that shouldn't take all week, so I'll have time for something else (something else on the review queue?)

 16:51 <chrisccoulson> that's me done

 16:51 <jdstrand> chrisccoulson: I think so, yes, we getting to the end :)

 16:52 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Highlighted packages

 16:52 <jdstrand> The Ubuntu Security team suggests that contributors look into merging Debian security updates in community-supported packages. If you would like to help Ubuntu but are not sure where to start, this is a great way to do so. See http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/d2u/ for available merges and https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/UpdateProcedures for details on preparing Ubuntu security

 16:52 <jdstrand> updates. If you have any questions, feel free to ask in #ubuntu-hardened. To find out other ways of helping out, please see https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/GettingInvolved.

 16:52 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Miscellaneous and Questions

 16:52 <jdstrand> Does anyone have any other questions or items to discuss?

 16:54 <jdstrand> mdeslaur, sbeattie, jjohansen, sarnold, chrisccoulson (see, I didn't forget!), leosilva, msalvatore, ebarretto, joemcmanus: thanks!

 16:54 <jdstrand> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)