== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 13 Dec at 16:02 &mdash; 16:44 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2018/ubuntu-meeting.2018-12-13-16.02.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning round ===
The discussion about "Lightning round" started at 16:03.


=== Bugs ===
The discussion about "Bugs" started at 16:17.


=== AOB ===
The discussion about "AOB" started at 16:23.

  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/disco/update_excuses_by_team.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/disco/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs 



== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * bdmurray (23)
 * vorlon (20)
 * tdaitx (16)
 * rbalint (12)
 * ubottu (11)
 * sil2100 (11)
 * cyphermox (11)
 * juliank (9)
 * doko (8)
 * meetingology (3)
 * gaughen (1)



== Full Log ==


 16:02 <vorlon> #startmeeting

 16:02 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Dec 13 16:02:40 2018 UTC.  The chair is vorlon. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:02 <meetingology> 

 16:02 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 16:02 <cyphermox> oh, we do have a vorlon to chair the meeting :)

 16:02 <sil2100> o/

 16:03 <juliank> /o\

 16:03 <vorlon> [TOPIC] Lightning round

 16:03 <vorlon> $ echo $(shuf -e vorlon bdmurray xnox tdaitx doko sil2100 rbalint infinity cyphermox mwhudson juliank)

 16:03 <vorlon> bdmurray infinity mwhudson tdaitx xnox sil2100 vorlon doko rbalint juliank cyphermox

 16:04 <vorlon> bdmurray_:

 16:04 <doko> that's a short list ...

 16:06 * sil2100 pokes bdmurray_

 16:06 <bdmurray> sorry, I'm here

 16:06 <bdmurray> extensive testing of ubuntu-release-upgrader and PPAs

 16:06 <bdmurray> fixed software-properties-gtk crash LP: #1807373

 16:06 <bdmurray> uploaded fix for u-r-u using a negative number for free space needed LP: #1786484

 16:06 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1807373 in software-properties (Ubuntu) "/usr/bin/software-properties-gtk:AttributeError:on_driver_selection_changed" [High,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1807373

 16:06 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1786484 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu) "free space need for /usr could be negative which is wrong" [High,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1786484

 16:06 <bdmurray> u-r-u fixed more typos re RELEASE_UPRADER_ALLOW_THIRD_PARTY

 16:06 <bdmurray> modified u-r-u to check and see if a sources.list entry provides the release

 16:07 <bdmurray> being upgraded to (LP: #1807043) helps with PPA upgrades

 16:07 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1807043 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu) "when rewriting sources.list ubuntu-release-upgrader doesn't check to see if new release is available" [Medium,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1807043

 16:07 <bdmurray> do-release-upgrade: add a parameter to allow third party mirrors and

 16:07 <bdmurray> repositories, additionally pass along the environmental variable

 16:07 <bdmurray> RELEASE_UPGRADER_ALLOW_THIRD_PARTY via pkexec and sudo. (LP: #1807032)

 16:07 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1807032 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu) "RELEASE_UPGRADER_ALLOW_THIRD_PARTY env variable not passed to dist-upgrader tarball" [High,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1807032

 16:07 <bdmurray> DistUpgrade/DistUpgradeCache.py: improve messaging regarding failures to

 16:07 <bdmurray> calculate the upgrade and suggest using ppa-purge if PPAs are an issue.

 16:07 <bdmurray> DistUpgrade/DistUpgradeCache.py: in the event there is a failure to

 16:07 <bdmurray> calculate the upgrade provide information about the log files in

 16:07 <bdmurray> /var/log/dist-upgrade. (LP: #1771387)

 16:07 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1771387 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu) "Could not calculate upgrade should suggest log location" [Medium,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1771387

 16:07 <bdmurray> started work on migration of ET code from pycassa to python-cassandra

 16:07 <bdmurray> âœ” done

 16:08 <bdmurray> tdaitx:

 16:08 <tdaitx> * openjdk-11 bionic migration

 16:08 <tdaitx> - more local builds to help verify build order, stuff that can't be build directly with openjdk-11, how (and if) these rebuilds affect the packages that build depends on the bootstrapped ones

 16:08 <tdaitx> - groovy FTBFS with gradle 4.4 since September, trying to figure out why (Debian bug #909909)

 16:08 <tdaitx> - need to get jtreg and testng backported in the security pocket as well (as openjdk builds are done using only -security)

 16:08 <tdaitx> * openjdk-11 update with autopkgtests, fixed disk usage during build

 16:08 <ubottu> Debian bug 909909 in src:groovy "groovy FTBFS" [Serious,Open] http://bugs.debian.org/909909

 16:08 <tdaitx> - testsuite was keeping test data around, no more

 16:08 <tdaitx> - cleared up the build dir before running tests

 16:08 <tdaitx> Other:

 16:08 <tdaitx> - almost done with my classes and rehearsals

 16:08 <tdaitx> - booking flights to Fosdem (Feb 2-3) and Malta sprint

 16:08 <tdaitx> - planning to be in EU for 6 weeks: taking some days off and working shorter days for a bunch of it

 16:08 <tdaitx> (done)

 16:08 <sil2100> No xnox so I go now

 16:08 <doko> it's 11pm for xnox, so maybe he's not here

 16:08 <sil2100> - A very short week - sprint last week + 2 days of swap days

 16:08 <sil2100> - A few kernel SRU reviews

 16:08 <sil2100> - SRU reviews and releases

 16:08 <sil2100> - core18 PR reviews for cloud-init addition

 16:08 <sil2100> - Work on releasing some bits of the PPA packages for pi3 into the archive

 16:08 <sil2100> - Releasing ubuntu-image hotfix for xenial for the sudo dependency addition

 16:08 <sil2100> - Investigating the oversized linux-raspi2 vmlinuz on arm64

 16:09 <sil2100> (done)

 16:11 <vorlon> * remotely attending Ubuntu Core sprint in Cape Town last week, so time shifted

 16:11 <vorlon> * code reviews for livecd-rootfs, ubuntu-cdimage, debian-cd (HWE kernel support for subiquity, et al)

 16:11 <vorlon> * discussions around Secure Boot and TPM

 16:11 <vorlon> * misc spec reviewing and discussion

 16:11 <vorlon> * EOY for me tomorrow, see you all next year!

 16:11 <vorlon> (done)

 16:12 <doko> - had Wed/Thu half days off

 16:12 <doko> - python 3.6.8 and 3.7.2 release candidates

 16:12 <doko> - more preparation of test rebuilds

 16:12 <doko> - updated GCC 9 test packages, investigated armhf ftbfs

 16:12 <doko> - addressed two MIRs

 16:12 <doko> (done)

 16:12 <rbalint> (short week)

 16:12 <rbalint> * unattended-upgrades triggered LP: #1458204 in xenial, SRU-d update-notifier fix there

 16:12 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1458204 in linux (Ubuntu) "removing kernels should not require a restart afterward" [Low,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1458204

 16:13 <rbalint> * released unattended-upgrades 1.9 and sru-d LP: #1806487

 16:13 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1806487 in unattended-upgrades (Ubuntu) "[regression] Crashing with dbus.exceptions.DBusException when logind can't be started (yet)" [Critical,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1806487

 16:13 <rbalint> * backported wireshark 2.6.5 for *-security

 16:13 <rbalint> * migrated lp:livecd-rootfs to git

 16:13 <rbalint> * fixed migration script to use https:// Vcs-Git urls

 16:13 <rbalint> * discussed marking migrated bzr repositories read-only on launchpad with the lp team, but this is not possible at the moment and replacing the tree with a placeholder file containing the new url seems to be the established best practice

 16:13 <rbalint> * booking flights for the Malta sprint

 16:13 <rbalint> (done)

 16:13 <juliank> * short week (off last friday, half of wednesday too)

 16:13 <juliank> * Changing $PATH for apt installs

 16:13 <juliank> * Re-implement livecd-rootfs' minimize-manual as  `apt-mark minimize-manual`  (https://salsa.debian.org/apt-team/apt/merge_requests/39)

 16:13 <juliank> * booked flights

 16:13 <juliank> * investigated resolved restarts with ifupdown/dhclient (bug 1805183)

 16:13 <ubottu> bug 1805183 in systemd (Ubuntu) "systemd-resolved constantly restarts on Bionic upgraded from Xenial" [Low,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1805183

 16:13 <juliank> * trying to reproduce gnome-music/gnutl28 crash (bug 1804673)

 16:13 <ubottu> bug 1804673 in gnutls28 (Ubuntu Disco) "gnutls causes gnome-music segmentation fault" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1804673

 16:13 <juliank> * off tomorrow, only around Mon/Tue next week

 16:13 <juliank> (done)

 16:13 <cyphermox> - netplan preparing 1.0 release

 16:13 <cyphermox> - merging 802.1x support

 16:13 <cyphermox> - merged use-routes, route-metric, MTU support

 16:13 <cyphermox> - various test refactoring

 16:13 <cyphermox> - finished tunnel support

 16:13 <cyphermox> - finishing whitepaper on SecureBoot PKI

 16:14 <cyphermox> - grub breadcrumbs / check-signatures work

 16:14 <cyphermox> - on vacation for Christmas starting next week, back in early Jan

 16:14 <cyphermox> (done)

 16:17 <bdmurray> vorlon: I think that's everyone

 16:17 <vorlon> [TOPIC] Bugs

 16:18 <bdmurray> Pretty quiet but I think bug 1773637 is worth investigating.

 16:18 <ubottu> bug 1773637 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu) "Distribution upgrade to 18.04: used nvidia display driver is commented out" [Undecided,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1773637

 16:20 <bdmurray> So yeah, I'll make a card for that

 16:20 <vorlon> huh ok, yes please

 16:21 <bdmurray> And I'll have a look at it as a part of u-r-u SRU behemoth

 16:22 <vorlon> bdmurray: anything else, then?

 16:23 <bdmurray> vorlon: nope

 16:23 <vorlon> [TOPIC] AOB

 16:23 <vorlon> ok, anything else more broadly?

 16:24 <cyphermox> merry christmas and all of that in advance?

 16:25 <gaughen> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/disco/update_excuses_by_team.html

 16:25 <vorlon> [LINK] http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/disco/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs

 16:25 <rbalint> i'm on ruby-rmagick and twisted

 16:26 <rbalint> rebuild of ruby-rmagick fixes the test, looks like a hidden abi break in imagemagick which i'm investigating

 16:27 <rbalint> twisted did not pass for long but is passing now in sid thus it should be fixable in dependencies

 16:31 <tdaitx> as for openjdk-8, its tests are failing due to a time out since it takes a while to run the 4 testsuites

 16:31 <tdaitx> I have previously requested openjdk-8 and openjdk-11 to be added to the big_packages list

 16:31 <tdaitx> this is the merge request: https://code.launchpad.net/~tdaitx/autopkgtest-cloud/+git/autopkgtest-cloud/+merge/358970

 16:32 <vorlon> tdaitx: thanks, I'll look at this

 16:36 <tdaitx> vorlon: thanks!

 16:44 <vorlon> seems like we're done here

 16:44 <vorlon> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)