== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team, 18 Jul at 15:01 &mdash; 15:54 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2019/ubuntu-meeting.2019-07-18-15.01.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning rounds ===
The discussion about "Lightning rounds" started at 15:02.


=== Release incoming bugs (eoan) ===
The discussion about "Release incoming bugs (eoan)" started at 15:15.

  * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ee-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs 

=== Release incoming bugs (bionic) ===
The discussion about "Release incoming bugs (bionic)" started at 15:35.

  * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-bb-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs 

=== Team proposed-migration report ===
The discussion about "Team proposed-migration report" started at 15:38.

  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs 

=== Chair selection for next meeting ===
The discussion about "Chair selection for next meeting" started at 15:47.


=== AOB ===
The discussion about "AOB" started at 15:50.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * vorlon (59)
 * tdaitx (52)
 * bdmurray (46)
 * cyphermox (28)
 * ubottu (8)
 * doko (7)
 * waveform (7)
 * xnox (5)
 * ogra (4)
 * meetingology (3)
 * juliank (2)



== Full Log ==


 15:01 <tdaitx> #startmeeting Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team

 15:01 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Jul 18 15:01:51 2019 UTC.  The chair is tdaitx. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 15:01 <meetingology> 

 15:01 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 15:02 <tdaitx> #topic Lightning rounds

 15:02 <tdaitx> echo $(shuf -e vorlon bdmurray xnox tdaitx doko sil2100 rbalint infinity cyphermox mwhudson juliank waveform)

 15:02 <tdaitx> doko tdaitx juliank cyphermox mwhudson xnox bdmurray sil2100 vorlon rbalint infinity waveform

 15:03 <juliank> lol

 15:03 * juliank disappears again

 15:04 <vorlon> doko: are you here or are you conference-idle?

 15:05 <tdaitx> ok, I am going

 15:05 <tdaitx> * jck 11

 15:05 <tdaitx> - splitting into separated snaps for upload

 15:05 <tdaitx> - fixing a few more test failures from the runtime testsuite

 15:05 <tdaitx> * openjdk-11 & openjdk-8 security update

 15:05 <tdaitx> - fixed build + autopkgtests tests

 15:05 <tdaitx> - local build tests + ppa upload for sanity checking

 15:05 <tdaitx> Other:

 15:05 <tdaitx> - will be at debconf next week

 15:05 <tdaitx> - away on vacation from Aug 1st to 18th (2 weeks from now)

 15:05 <tdaitx> (done)

 15:05 <tdaitx> juliank: go! =)

 15:05 <cyphermox> cyphermox:

 15:06 <cyphermox> off next week: monday and tuesday for move

 15:06 <cyphermox> grub efi testing and debugging (side-effect of merging and conflicting patches)

 15:06 <cyphermox> uploaded grub2 2.04 merge

 15:06 <cyphermox> investigating chainloader issues loading EFI binaries from bootctl

 15:06 <cyphermox> speccing NM plugin work

 15:06 <cyphermox> speccing netplan renderer for openvswitch

 15:06 <cyphermox> preparing new shim release / upload, carrying over the shim upload Dann prepared (and herding cats to get it reviewed)

 15:06 <cyphermox> I do need to do some aggressive upstreaming of grub patches

 15:06 <doko> online, but unprepared ...

 15:06 <bdmurray> no mwhudson

 15:07 <bdmurray> xnox: you're up

 15:07 <xnox> * building core20 snap off eoan => it work! * progressing with ubuntu-core-initramfs => debugging systemd is fun! * code reviews * packaging to go to debconf & toronto product sprints. Done

 15:07 <bdmurray> xnox: packaging for debconf?

 15:08 <xnox> bdmurray:  >_< packing

 15:08 <xnox> bdmurray:  same difference

 15:08 <bdmurray> modified daisy jobs and oops-repository code to use consistency level of ONE for new cassandra DC

 15:08 <bdmurray> submitted RT regarding updating daisy to r837 w/ consistency level changes

 15:08 <bdmurray> updated daisy to stop accepting crashes from Ubuntu 18.10

 15:08 <bdmurray> modified daisy and oops-repository to stop using unicode in package and version which fails when writing to cassandra

 15:08 <bdmurray> submitted RT regarding updating daisy to r841 w/ unicode changes

 15:08 <bdmurray> submitted ET mojo spec MP switching to staging PPA for staging Error Tracker

 15:08 <bdmurray> uploaded laney's changes to whoopsie to eoan

 15:08 <bdmurray> SRU verification of bug 1829968 for 18.04, 18.10, 19.04

 15:08 <bdmurray> further research into ubiquity minimum installation sizes

 15:08 <ubottu> bug 1829968 in base-files (Ubuntu Cosmic) "motd [on at least some instances] does not auto-update daily" [Undecided,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1829968

 15:08 <bdmurray> — done

 15:09 <bdmurray> ✓ done

 15:09 <vorlon> and sil2100 is away

 15:09 <tdaitx> this is from sil2100 email:

 15:09 <tdaitx> - Slightly shorter week - was half-there on Friday

 15:09 <tdaitx> - SRU reviews and releases

 15:09 <tdaitx> - New core18 release phasing

 15:09 <tdaitx> - Gadget snap promotions, re-spinning 2 that were missing some fixes (cm3, pi3)

 15:09 <tdaitx> - Coordinating the release of the rust 1.35.0 update, publishing it to

 15:09 <tdaitx> -updates/-security

 15:09 <tdaitx> - Updating RustUpdates slightly

 15:09 <tdaitx> - Finalizing the NEW review of dpf-plugins

 15:09 <tdaitx> - Testing some scenarios of classic preinstalled Ubuntu images grub

 15:09 <tdaitx> package upgrades

 15:09 <tdaitx> * Started thinking about what our design should be here, will modify

 15:09 <tdaitx> my current solution slightly

 15:09 <tdaitx> - Refereshed netplan's PR for enabling support for hashed passwords in

 15:09 <tdaitx> 802.1x and added tests

 15:09 <tdaitx> - Started investigation of autopkgtest regression bug comments

 15:09 <tdaitx> sometimes commenting when no failures are present

 15:09 <tdaitx> - Investigating a false alarm regarding the pi gadgets and cm3+

 15:09 <tdaitx> support (coming from ogra)

 15:10 <cyphermox> sil2100: netplan PR <3

 15:10 <tdaitx> (done)

 15:10 <cyphermox> (I know he's not there, but my cheerleading will be in the logs for posteriority)

 15:10 <vorlon> * short week: was out last Friday and again yesterday

 15:10 <vorlon> * fixing various autopkgtests that were blocking glibc and linux in -proposed

 15:10 <vorlon> * SRU spot reviews (having missed my SRU Friday) for regression-updates (apache2)

 15:10 <vorlon> * prepping for the Toronto sprint

 15:10 <vorlon> * discussions around interesting partner SecureBoot requirements

 15:10 <vorlon> (done)

 15:11 <vorlon> rbalint is off

 15:11 <vorlon> infinity not here

 15:11 <vorlon> waveform:

 15:11 <doko> - vacation on Fri/Mon, traveling on Tue

 15:11 <doko> - now at DebCamp

 15:11 <waveform> * Worked on pi4 u-boot; patches are now available from agherzan's u-boot fork but I have yet to get them working with our u-boot (successfully built patches on our version but while it worked on pi3, it failed on pi4; will probably need to bump u-boot)

 15:11 <waveform> * Worked on core+classic combined boot script (need to talk to snapd team about modifying the A/B support)

 15:11 <waveform> * Investigated lack of splash screen on core 18 (no conclusion as yet: psplash seems intact and the boot script certainly loads it, but nothing is displayed)

 15:11 <waveform> * Tested package to SRU linux-firmware-raspi2 to bionic (for CM3+ and 3B+ boot support)

 15:11 <waveform> (done)

 15:11 <doko> (done)

 15:12 <tdaitx> anything else before we move to incoming bugs?

 15:13 <bdmurray> vorlon: what is the status of that apache2 upload? Does it need releasing?

 15:13 <vorlon> bdmurray: yes

 15:13 <bdmurray> Is that something you need help with?

 15:14 <vorlon> bdmurray: I can take care of it this morning

 15:15 <bdmurray> tdaitx: bug time?

 15:15 <tdaitx> #topic Release incoming bugs (eoan)

 15:15 <tdaitx> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ee-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 15:15 <bdmurray> Do we start with Undecided or Critical and High first?

 15:16 <bdmurray> Lets say undecided

 15:16 <bdmurray> bug 1833758 sil2100 was going to test something

 15:16 <ubottu> bug 1833758 in lvm2 (Ubuntu) "lvm2: vgcfgbackup in postinst takes several minutes" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1833758

 15:16 <bdmurray> bug 1836782 loooks new

 15:16 <ubottu> bug 1836782 in ubiquity (Ubuntu) ""ubi-partman failed with exit code 10" when stepping back and forward over partitioning screen" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1836782

 15:16 <vorlon> ¯\(シ)/¯

 15:17 <xnox> exit code 10 suggests "question not found from debconf"

 15:17 <bdmurray> 19.04?

 15:17 <xnox> could happen if like a disk falls off the bus

 15:18 <bdmurray> Sounds like he clicked back when he shouldn't have

 15:18 <bdmurray> Regardless it needs testing in Eoan

 15:18 <cyphermox> yup

 15:18 <cyphermox> I can haz a look

 15:18 <bdmurray> Okay, thanks

 15:18 <cyphermox> I'm going to be doing some reinstalls next week

 15:18 <bdmurray> Importance Medium?

 15:18 <vorlon> a disk fell off the back of the bus?

 15:19 <bdmurray> dabus

 15:19 <bdmurray> dbus!

 15:19 <cyphermox> feels like it's maybe some crash because of weirdness in the partitioning

 15:19 <bdmurray> remind me about partitioning weirdness

 15:19 <vorlon> targetting/carding

 15:19 <cyphermox> I'll give a shot to weird partitioning I can thing of and see if I can reproduce on eoan and 18.04

 15:20 <bdmurray> okay moving back to High

 15:20 <bdmurray> bug 1829805

 15:20 <ubottu> bug 1829805 in initramfs-tools (Ubuntu) "Lubuntu Eoan Daily Image fails to boot after install on KVM" [High,Incomplete] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1829805

 15:20 <vorlon> bdmurray: so 1833758 stays in limbo because sil2100 is going to test "something"?

 15:20 <bdmurray> vorlon: whether or not it affects the build environment iirc

 15:21 <vorlon> even if it did, I don't think that would make it a bug we need to commit to for eoan

 15:21 <vorlon> we have plenty of other fish to fry

 15:21 <bdmurray> ah, alright

 15:21 <cyphermox> calamares breaking things?

 15:22 <vorlon> calamares exposing a regression in initramfs-tools behavior that doesn't affect other install paths

 15:22 <bdmurray> I'll do some detective work on it

 15:22 <vorlon> this was discussed on #ubuntu-release at the time but the bug did not get updated; bdmurray to dig it out

 15:23 <ogra> tdaitx, note that the false alarm is caused by cdimage dirs for core being a giant mess :) (/me expecting that "stable/current" actually has something stable and current :P, i know others from my team ran into similar issues before trying to get the last stable image from cdimage) ... the dir structure needs cleanup

 15:23 <vorlon> but I think we should also decline committing to the bug in question given that the impact is now ~0

 15:24 <vorlon> ogra: that was a paste of sil2100's status, you're playing telephone

 15:24 <ogra> oops

 15:24 <ogra> i didnt notice, sorry ... only saw the ping

 15:24 <vorlon> also it's false that stable/current is not the current stable

 15:24 <bdmurray> bug 1834226 has a tag for a card and a release task so untagging

 15:24 <ubottu> bug 1834226 in software-properties (Ubuntu Eoan) "update-notifier doesn't respect "automatically check for updates: Never"" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1834226

 15:25 * vorlon nods

 15:25 <bdmurray> bug 1798992 is also tagged like there is a card

 15:25 <ubottu> bug 1798992 in ubiquity (Ubuntu) "Fresh minimal desktop installation has packages pending autoremoval, pending updates" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1798992

 15:26 <vorlon> that bug was previously duped, then got unduped the other day per discussion w/ submitter on irc

 15:26 <bdmurray> and the card is archived too

 15:27 <vorlon> yeah I'll unarchive it

 15:27 <ogra> vorlon, well, the cm3+ support is only in http://cdimage.ubuntu.com/ubuntu-core/18/current/ ... not in http://cdimage.ubuntu.com/ubuntu-core/18/stable/current/ ... i tested the latter, developerd a PR with a fix and was then told the fix is in current/ ... the structure is confusing and it isnt easy to catch that "current" is a daily build from edge

 15:27 <bdmurray> so open a release task on the bug then?

 15:27 <vorlon> yes

 15:28 <vorlon> ogra: correct, the directory structure is busted and 18/current should be 18/edge/current but isn't because I haven't fixed ubuntu-cdimage to DTRT

 15:28 <bdmurray> bug 1836064 is already carded etc

 15:28 <ubottu> bug 1836064 in glibc (Ubuntu Eoan) "glibc needs an update for linux-5.2 kernel headers (alpha)" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1836064

 15:29 <bdmurray> and systemd has missing builds

 15:29 <bdmurray> bug 1835809

 15:29 <ubottu> bug 1835809 in systemd (Ubuntu Eoan) "AMD Ryzen 3000 series fails to boot" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1835809

 15:30 <bdmurray> regardless though that has a task already so dropping the tag

 15:30 <vorlon> the glibc one only impacts the build of gcc-9-cross-ports which is not in main

 15:31 <vorlon> from a Foundations pov we should decline it

 15:31 <vorlon> (because doko could work around this by dropping alpha as a target)

 15:31 <vorlon> so I'm adding rls-ee-notfixing

 15:32 <doko> I worked around it adding the fix

 15:32 <vorlon> ok

 15:32 <doko> but it should be added to glibc proper for the next upload

 15:32 <doko> sugessting an action involving four source packages is not appropriate

 15:33 <vorlon> I'm not suggesting any action except that this is not a priority for Foundations to track at a team level

 15:34 <vorlon> you can work out landing the fix w/ the glibc maintainer without it being part of the cognitive load of the team

 15:35 <vorlon> bdmurray, tdaitx: I think that's all the ee bugs, right?

 15:35 <bdmurray> vorlon: Yes, all the high and undecided ones

 15:35 <tdaitx> #topic Release incoming bugs (bionic)

 15:36 <tdaitx> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-bb-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 15:37 <bdmurray> The only one there was still tagged when it had a task.

 15:37 <bdmurray> So that's done.

 15:38 <tdaitx> proposed migration then?

 15:38 <vorlon> yes please

 15:38 <tdaitx> #topic Team proposed-migration report

 15:39 <tdaitx> #link http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs

 15:39 <vorlon> I've just now pushed retries of various flaky tests blocking readline and bison (network-manager, automake-1.16, cmake)

 15:39 <vorlon> geoip-database is unmigratable in Debian unstable and in -proposed because it drops a binary package which has revdeps

 15:39 <vorlon> so someone could follow through on that, make sure debian bugs are filed, recommend removal of the packages depending on the NBS package, etc

 15:40 <vorlon> I've also just done a batch retry of the failures blocking bzip2, which are likely largely flaky and/or fallout of the dkms breakage which is now fixed

 15:41 <vorlon> looks like that takes us down to aptdaemon?

 15:41 <vorlon> who wants to take each of geoip-database and aptdaemon

 15:42 <vorlon> aptdaemon hilariously is a real test regression introduced by changed lintian output

 15:42 <vorlon> <crickets, crickets>

 15:42 <vorlon> waveform: you want one of these?

 15:44 <waveform> vorlon, not especially while I'm neck deep in pi4 u-boot :)

 15:44 <vorlon> heh

 15:44 <vorlon> well none of these are particularly urgent, but we are going to need to get to them sooner or later

 15:44 <tdaitx> should we card those?

 15:45 <vorlon> have we been carding stuck -proposed packages?

 15:45 <vorlon> they tend to be bitesized

 15:45 <tdaitx> ok

 15:45 <vorlon> like, if you tell me I need to card them I might fix them both myself and then guilt y'all later

 15:47 <vorlon> but if no one has capacity to take these on, we should just skip for now and move on to the next topic

 15:47 <cyphermox> geoip-database

 15:47 <tdaitx> #topic Chair selection for next meeting

 15:48 <cyphermox> (this was me claiming one)

 15:48 <vorlon> cyphermox: ta :)

 15:48 <tdaitx> cyphermox: want to claim chair for next meeting as well?

 15:48 <cyphermox> sure.

 15:48 <vorlon> cyphermox: lua-geoip, no bug filed yet in Debian

 15:48 <cyphermox> oh wait

 15:48 <cyphermox> sorry, I would prefer not to claim chair for next week

 15:48 <tdaitx> ok, any volunteers?

 15:49 <cyphermox> I will be mostly on cellular next week, only getting Interwebs plugged in in Thu PM

 15:49 <cyphermox> vorlon: wee, lua ang geoip, WCPGW

 15:50 <vorlon> cyphermox: (it might be as simple as updating the binary dep, or dropping the package since it has no revdeps)

 15:50 <waveform> I can do it

 15:50 <cyphermox> yep

 15:50 <vorlon> waveform: ta :)

 15:50 <cyphermox> waveform: ta

 15:50 <cyphermox> I can right away offer to do the following week

 15:50 <tdaitx> #topic AOB

 15:51 <bdmurray> I'm taking a half day tomorrow so I can go wear my Aloha shirt in the appropriate venue.

 15:51 <vorlon> bdmurray: into a small municipality adjacent to Beaverton?

 15:51 <cyphermox> I'm off Monday and Tuesday, and internet-challenged for most of the week. If you see I'm not responding next week on IRC, Telegram *will* work.

 15:52 <tdaitx> I will be on vacations from Aug 1st to 18th, not even a cellphone working from Aug 4th onwards

 15:54 <vorlon> end of meeting?

 15:54 <tdaitx> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)