== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team, 25 Apr at 15:05 &mdash; 15:28 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2019/ubuntu-meeting.2019-04-25-15.05.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning rounds ===
The discussion about "Lightning rounds" started at 15:05.


=== Team proposed-migration report ===
The discussion about "Team proposed-migration report" started at 15:16.


=== AOB ===
The discussion about "AOB" started at 15:20.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * sil2100 (23)
 * juliank (21)
 * bdmurray (18)
 * tdaitx (17)
 * xnox (16)
 * ubottu (14)
 * cyphermox (11)
 * doko (10)
 * infinity (9)
 * rbalint (7)
 * waveform (6)
 * tribaal (3)
 * meetingology (3)
 * gaughen (3)
 * sbeattie (1)



== Full Log ==


 15:05 <sil2100> #startmeeting Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team

 15:05 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Apr 25 15:05:14 2019 UTC.  The chair is sil2100. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 15:05 <meetingology> 

 15:05 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 15:05 <tribaal> congrats on releasing Disco everyone!

 15:05 <sil2100> #topic Lightning rounds

 15:05 <sil2100> echo $(shuf -e vorlon bdmurray xnox tdaitx doko sil2100 rbalint infinity cyphermox mwhudson juliank waveform)

 15:05 <sil2100> xnox mwhudson waveform vorlon cyphermox infinity doko bdmurray juliank rbalint tdaitx sil2100

 15:06 <xnox> * Disco got released yeah

 15:06 <xnox> * Easter in Berlin Fri-Mon

 15:06 <xnox> * fixing CI jobs for eoan opening

 15:06 <xnox> * proposed to unbreak ubiquity_ap (autopilot) jobs, they were never

 15:06 <xnox> updated to use git sources, when ubiquity moved off bzr

 15:06 <xnox> * switched link_in_boot to 1 by default in all arches, meaning

 15:06 <xnox> /boot/vmlinu[xz] is the default kernel location now everywhere. To

 15:06 <xnox> check cloud-images & upgrades, where kernel-img.conf is not present.

 15:06 <xnox> * debugging lack of UUID in casper on subiquity images

 15:06 <xnox> * switched to drop boot=casper in all live images by default

 15:06 <xnox> * digging into history of (broken) empty user passwords

 15:06 <xnox> * working on the initrd spec for UC20, lots of ugly everywhere

 15:06 <xnox> * decouple boost transitions from icu ABI transitions

 15:06 <xnox> * merged openssl for eoan

 15:06 <xnox> * looking into oustanding openssl bionic sru changes

 15:06 <xnox> done

 15:06 <waveform> * Short week (easter Monday)

 15:06 <waveform> * Documented pi classic image build process

 15:06 <waveform> * Developing pi2 gadget to merge the pi2 and pi3 classic image builds

 15:06 <waveform> * Responding to pi spec reviews

 15:06 <waveform> * Working on wiringpi package

 15:06 <waveform> (done)

 15:07 <cyphermox> off last friday, monday

 15:07 <cyphermox> shim review: Gooroom

 15:07 <cyphermox> debugging grub2 HTTP boot (appears to be a firmware issue)

 15:07 <cyphermox> netplan regression fix: default renderer handling (netplan PR#85)

 15:07 <cyphermox> netplan work on bringing up interfaces without IP (d96a6a0f)

 15:07 <cyphermox> various netplan PR reviews

 15:07 <cyphermox> partner work

 15:07 <cyphermox> reviewing UEFI spec change proposal

 15:07 <cyphermox> review/reorganize trello cards for netplan specs

 15:07 <cyphermox> (done)

 15:07 <tribaal> oh, "eoan" is not an xnox troll this time :)

 15:07 <cyphermox> nope

 15:07 <infinity> * Released disco

 15:07 <infinity> * Opened eoan

 15:07 <infinity> * Easter Monday and two Swap Days

 15:07 <infinity> * Backported Brian's ESM distro-info stuff to precise-esm

 15:07 <infinity> * Some merges

 15:07 <infinity> (done)

 15:08 <doko> - last Thu vacation, Fri and Mon bank holidays

 15:08 <doko> - OpenJDK 11, 12, 13 updates

 15:08 <doko> - patch for PR c++/90050, LP: #1824721

 15:08 <doko> - GCC 7 and GCC 8 updates

 15:08 <doko> - starting isl transition

 15:08 <doko> (done)

 15:08 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1824721 in gcc-8 (Ubuntu) "g++-8 in disco is broken with libstdc++6 from gcc9 and libstdc++fs" [Undecided,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1824721

 15:09 <bdmurray> uploaded proper fix for issue with whoopsie-upload-all LP: #1824152

 15:09 <bdmurray> updated apport rectracer config for disco-proposed, eoan

 15:09 <bdmurray> updated the bzr branch on porter-i386 with the above changes

 15:09 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1824152 in apport (Ubuntu Disco) "/usr/share/apport/whoopsie-upload-all:AttributeError:process_report:add_gdb_info:gdb_command:write:read:readinto:read:/usr/share/apport/whoopsie-upload-all@166:collect_info:process_report" [High,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1824152

 15:09 <tdaitx> bdmurray:

 15:09 <bdmurray> fixed ubuntu-release-upgrader LP: #1825563, updated meta-release accordingly

 15:09 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1825563 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu) "automatically removed packages includes postgresql-10 which can result in cluster dropping" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1825563

 15:09 <bdmurray> answered a question I'd had 6 months ago about the postgresql blacklist

 15:09 <bdmurray> performed upload / SRU of tzdata 2019a

 15:09 <bdmurray> overrode plymouth SRU regressions b/c its fix was important

 15:09 <bdmurray> tested 12.04 upgrades to 14.04 w/ ESM (LP: #1824862)

 15:09 <bdmurray> investigation into u-r-u bug LP: #1824430

 15:09 <bdmurray> ubuntu-release-upgrader bug triage

 15:09 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1824862 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu) "Test Precise ESM to Trusty ESM" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1824862

 15:09 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1824430 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu Disco) "disco dist-upgrader tarball has a broken symlink in it" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1824430

 15:09 <bdmurray> juliank:

 15:09 <juliank> (short week due to good friday and easter monday)

 15:09 <juliank> * merged dput 1.0.3 and applied fixes for sftp method (LP: #1762572) (LP: #1814791)

 15:09 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1762572 in dput (Ubuntu) "sftp method no longer uses temporary file name during upload" [Low,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1762572

 15:09 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1814791 in dput (Ubuntu) "dput's sftp method is very slow" [Low,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1814791

 15:09 <juliank> * uploaded python-apt with new eoan template

 15:10 <juliank> * software-properties 0.98.0: Port to PackageKit (LP: #1673258), wrap-and-sort, and Debian delta reduction

 15:10 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1673258 in software-properties (Ubuntu) "Remove aptdaemon and drop or port its reverse-dependencies" [Undecided,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1673258

 15:10 <juliank> * merged gnutls28

 15:10 <juliank> * merged gpgme1.0

 15:10 <juliank> * merged libgcrypt20; followup from that:

 15:10 <juliank> - adjusted whoopsie-preferences and rng-tools to b-d on libgcrypt20-dev instead of libgcrypt11-dev

 15:10 <juliank> - synced srecord (mostly to follow the libgcrypt20-dev change); followup with some additional Conflicts/Replaces

 15:10 <juliank> - requested removal of libgnome-keyring, libgnomeui, and linsmith cruft (LP: #1825972) to follow Debian testing

 15:10 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1825972 in linsmith (Ubuntu) "Remove libgnome-keyring, libgnomeui, linsmith from eoan" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1825972

 15:10 <juliank> * synced dash

 15:10 <juliank> * merged lvm2

 15:10 <juliank> * fixing images shipping apt cache cruft (LP: #1826377, WIP)

 15:10 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1826377 in livecd-rootfs (Ubuntu) "images shipping /var/cache/apt/*.bin" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1826377

 15:10 <juliank> * more update-notifier ESM fixes and testing

 15:10 <juliank> (done)

 15:10 <juliank> rbalint:

 15:11 <rbalint> (short week due to holidays)

 15:11 <rbalint> * fixed breaking keyboards and leaking keys in several ways

 15:11 <rbalint> - LP: #520546 (kbd patch review pending at upstream)

 15:11 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 520546 in kbd (Ubuntu Eoan) "Alt+KEY incorrectly behaves like Ctrl+Alt+KEY, and/or unwanted VT switch from Alt+Left/Right" [Undecided,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/520546

 15:11 <rbalint> - LP: #1803993 (patch review pending at systemd upstream)

 15:11 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1803993 in systemd (Ubuntu) "Password appears on the VT1 screen" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1803993

 15:11 <rbalint> * updated gce-compute-image-packages

 15:11 <rbalint> * unattended-upgrades fixes and sru preparations

 15:11 <rbalint> (done)

 15:11 <tdaitx> Short week: out on Thursday (swap) and Friday (holiday)

 15:11 <tdaitx> * openjdk-11 security update

 15:11 <tdaitx> - packaged for bionic, cosmic, and disco

 15:11 <tdaitx> - verified tests and failures

 15:11 <tdaitx> - uploaded packages to the security team

 15:11 <tdaitx> - planned to base next releases on upstream's pristine tarball

 15:11 <tdaitx> * openjdk-8 security update

 15:11 <tdaitx> - packaged for xenial, bionic, and cosmic

 15:11 <tdaitx> - verified tests

 15:11 <tdaitx> - checking test failures for regressions (ongoing)

 15:11 <tdaitx> * openjdk-7 security update

 15:11 <tdaitx> - applying upstream fixes into icedtea and fixing conflicts (ongoing)

 15:11 <tdaitx> * Initial check on LP: #1825037; failing in some thread lock, haven't pin pointed the cause yet, need moar debugging.

 15:11 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1825037 in scilab (Ubuntu) "scilab-cli and scilab-adv-cli does not start on bionic, cosmic, disco and eoan" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1825037

 15:11 <tdaitx> (done)

 15:11 <tdaitx> sil2100: go!

 15:11 <sil2100> - Last week: release sprint \o/

 15:11 <sil2100> - This week: Monday national holiday (thus a very short week)

 15:11 <sil2100> - SRU reviews and releases (many)

 15:11 <sil2100> - Kernel SRU releases and reviews (new cycle started, new kernels)

 15:11 <sil2100> - ubuntu-image:

 15:11 <sil2100> * Add support for snap prepare-image --snap, deprecate --extra-snaps

 15:11 <sil2100> * Fix test issues in disco causing the package to FTBFS with newest pyparted

 15:11 <sil2100> * Discussions regarding future plans of ubuntu-image classic support

 15:11 <sil2100> - ubuntu-core:

 15:12 <sil2100> * Refreshed gadget snaps for supported platforms

 15:12 <sil2100> * Created image candidates, sent to CE for testing

 15:12 <sil2100> - Stuff

 15:12 <sil2100> (done)

 15:13 <sil2100> Ok, so I don't think we have to look at release incoming bugs since we're at the start of the cycle

 15:13 <doko> tdaitx: I'd like to see openjdk-8 restored in disco. should that go to -proposed, and then -updates?

 15:13 <doko> sil2100: ^^^

 15:13 <tdaitx> doko: no, let's have it on -security

 15:14 <doko> ok, the restore needs to go to the security pocket. will address this with the security team

 15:14 <doko> we need that to bootstrap kotlin

 15:14 <sbeattie> let's have it go through proposed first, though.

 15:15 <bdmurray> sil2100: actually I have one question

 15:15 <bdmurray> s/question/bug/

 15:16 <sil2100> #topic Team proposed-migration report

 15:16 <bdmurray> juliank: Did you get anywhere with the triggers looping bug?

 15:16 <juliank> no

 15:17 <bdmurray> juliank: is there a card for it?

 15:18 <juliank> I don't know, I don't have the bug handy, but I don't remember creating one

 15:19 <bdmurray> bug 1825211

 15:19 <ubottu> bug 1825211 in dpkg (Ubuntu) "package menu 2.1.47ubuntu3 failed to install/upgrade: triggers looping, abandoned" [Undecided,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1825211

 15:19 <bdmurray> gaughen: I'm going to card that okay?

 15:19 <infinity> juliank: If someone could manage to work up a reduced testcase, that would be hugely helpful.  Maybe I could dig into it with Guillem.

 15:19 <gaughen> yes, please bdmurray

 15:19 <gaughen> thank you!

 15:20 <sil2100> #topic AOB

 15:20 <juliank> infinity: fwiw, I did ping guillem about it; it's interesenting because it loops in --configure-pending

 15:20 <sil2100> (since we're talking AOB anyway!)

 15:20 <infinity> juliank: Yeah.  It's also suddenly far more critical now that our kernels rely on triggers, and it's so much easier for users to shoot themselves in the foot.

 15:21 <bdmurray> I'm out tomorrow

 15:22 <sil2100> Any other topics?

 15:23 <juliank> let's talk movies

 15:23 <tribaal> Have you considered calling the release "Eoan McGregor" ? :)

 15:23 <infinity> Who let this guy in here?

 15:24 <juliank> Eoan McGregor could be a good movie idea

 15:28 <gaughen> tribaal, I like it

 15:28 <sil2100> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)