== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting: Ubuntu Developer Membership Board, 28 Jan at 19:02 &mdash; 19:47 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2019/ubuntu-meeting.2019-01-28-19.02.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Review of previous action items ===
The discussion about "Review of previous action items" started at 19:03.

 * '''cyphermox to handle the recent three packageset requests''' (19:03)

=== Package Set/Per Package Uploader Applications ===
The discussion about "Package Set/Per Package Uploader Applications" started at 19:04.

 * '''Ryan Harper application for PPU''' (19:04)
  * ''Vote:'' rharper PPU for cloud-init, curtin (Carried)

=== AOB ===
The discussion about "AOB" started at 19:43.

  * ''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/DeveloperMembershipBoard/KnowledgeBase#Actions_after_a_successful_applications 
  * ''ACTION:'' slashd to handle ACLs for rharper's PPU application
  * ''ACTION:'' slashd to announce rharper's successful application
  * ''ACTION:'' tsimonq2 to better document what we expect applicants to know



== Vote results ==

 * [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2019/ubuntu-meeting.2019-01-28-19.02.log.html#85 rharper PPU for cloud-init, curtin]]
  * Motion carried (For/Against/Abstained 4/0/1)
   *  Voters rbasak, cyphermox, jbicha, slashd, tsimonq2



== Action items, by person ==

 * rharper
  * slashd to handle ACLs for rharper's PPU application
  * slashd to announce rharper's successful application
 * slashd
  * slashd to handle ACLs for rharper's PPU application
  * slashd to announce rharper's successful application
 * tsimonq2
  * tsimonq2 to better document what we expect applicants to know



== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * tsimonq2 (35)
 * rharper (23)
 * rbasak (17)
 * meetingology (16)
 * slashd (16)
 * cyphermox (11)
 * jbicha (10)
 * blackboxsw (5)
 * sarnold (2)



== Full Log ==


 19:02 <tsimonq2> #startmeeting Ubuntu Developer Membership Board

 19:02 <meetingology> Meeting started Mon Jan 28 19:02:59 2019 UTC.  The chair is tsimonq2. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 19:02 <meetingology> 

 19:02 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 19:03 <blackboxsw> \0

 19:03 <slashd> I'll chair the next one

 19:03 <tsimonq2> #topic Review of previous action items

 19:03 <tsimonq2> #subtopic cyphermox to handle the recent three packageset requests

 19:03 <cyphermox> *not* all done, sorry.

 19:03 <tsimonq2> Alright, we'll carry the agenda item.

 19:03 <cyphermox> some of this is dependent on seed changes that the requesters should do beforehand, I need to get back to them

 19:04 <cyphermox> (and making sense of all the changes, there's a fair amount)

 19:04 <tsimonq2> Sure, thanks.

 19:04 <tsimonq2> #topic Package Set/Per Package Uploader Applications

 19:04 <tsimonq2> #subtopic Ryan Harper application for PPU

 19:05 <tsimonq2> rharper: Hello!

 19:05 <rharper> tsimonq2: Hi!

 19:05 <tsimonq2> Could you introduce yourself?

 19:06 <rharper> sure,  I'm Ryan Harper;  I work for Canonical, on the Ubuntu Server team, since Oct 2013;  I've been using Ubuntu since oh, say, Breezy

 19:06 <tsimonq2> Cool :)

 19:06 <tsimonq2> For reference: https://wiki.ubuntu.com/RyanHarper/DeveloperApplicationPPU

 19:06 <tsimonq2> Does anyone have any questions for rharper?

 19:07 <rharper> cd installs to make my ThinkPad actually work well.  I've been in Open Source for about 20 years or so;  I've lots of experience with kernel, virtualization, servers, embedded systems, and at Canonical mostly focused on storage, networking, and cloud-init as well

 19:07 <jbicha> o/

 19:09 <rbasak> I guess we should ask the usual questions then?

 19:09 <slashd> rharper, I didn't look in lp do you have any upload right atm ?

 19:09 <rharper> slashd: no, I do not have any upload rights at this time

 19:09 <rharper> PPAs don't count, I think for your question

 19:10 <slashd> rharper, right was talking about the ubuntu archive

 19:10 <rharper> yes, no upload rights to the archive

 19:11 <slashd> rharper, where would you look if a package you have uploaded get stuck in -proposed to find the reason why it is stuck ?

 19:11 <tsimonq2> rharper: Let's say either of these two packages are stuck in the -proposed pocket of the development release. What would you look at to see why that is the case?

 19:11 <tsimonq2> slashd: Jinx.

 19:11 <tsimonq2> (It's the same question.)

 19:11 <slashd> tsimonq2, lol

 19:12 <sarnold> lol

 19:12 <rharper> I would look in the queue for the various releases, (upload queue)

 19:12 <slashd> but let's say the package has been approve and build in -proposed (the package at this point is no longer in the upload queue)

 19:12 <slashd> but didn't get release in -updates after a while

 19:13 <slashd> where would you look to see what's going on with that package and see why it is not release yet

 19:14 <rharper> for SRUs, I track a release in a bug which has links to the various bugs that all need verified before it can be released

 19:15 <rharper> This page tracks which packages have pending srus; http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/pending-sru.html

 19:15 <slashd> rharper, yep that's the answer I was looking for tks

 19:16 <rharper> ok, for our projects, cloud-init/curtin we have an exception which has us track all of the bugs our upload will fix, and run verification on all of those; so we're the ones doing most of the testing

 19:17 <rbasak> rharper: what about for the development release?

 19:17 <rharper> rbasak: well, SRU's aren't for the development release;

 19:18 <rbasak> No, I mean non-SRUs

 19:18 <rbasak> When you upload to the development release.

 19:18 <rbasak> Say for example you upload a new cloud-init to Disco, and you see something like this (but for cloud-init): https://launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/libphp%2Dphpmailer

 19:19 <jbicha> rharper: cloud-init was uploaded to disco on Saturday. Where would you check to find out why it isn't in disco yet (but only in disco-proposed)?

 19:19 <rbasak> In this example you'll have just uploaded 6.0.6-0.1.

 19:19 <rbasak> What would you do next?

 19:21 <rharper> rbasak: for devel uploads, i'd check to see if the package failed to build, http://qa.ubuntuwire.org/ftbfs/

 19:22 <rbasak> rharper: let's say it doesn't appear there. What next?

 19:23 <rharper> there may be a dependency that hasn't landed yet,

 19:26 <rharper> that is, something else may be holding up other packages from going into the archive;  In the absense of information, I'd likely head to #ubuntu-release and ask for some help

 19:26 <tsimonq2> That could be correct, but how do you confirm that?

 19:28 <cyphermox> rharper: do you know where the migration report lives?

 19:28 <cyphermox> tsimonq2: rbasak: I think we would do well to be clearer with our questions so that what we're looking for isn't ambiguous

 19:28 <rharper> cyphermox: no, I've not seen that URL

 19:29 <cyphermox> ack

 19:29 <slashd> rharper, one last question for me ... talking about devel release ... when should you stop introducing new features for let's say 'cloud-init' (for the current devel cycle) ?

 19:29 <cyphermox> rharper: see https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ProposedMigration

 19:30 <rharper> slashd: each ubuntu cycle has a FeatureFreeze date set by the release schedule;  ideally we'll need to have landed all of those features before that date;  otherwise we need FeatureFreeze Exceptions

 19:31 <slashd> rharper, tks

 19:31 <jbicha> rharper: are you familiar with the term NBS?

 19:31 <rharper> cyphermox: thx

 19:31 <rharper> jbicha: no, I've not seen that

 19:32 <jbicha> rharper: the term comes from Debian and means "no longer built from source". See https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/nbs.html

 19:32 <jbicha> in this case, netplan.io has stopped building its nplan transitional package but cloud-init still depends on that package name

 19:34 <rharper> jbicha: interesting; yes we'll need disco to use the new name in the disco archive, we'll maintain the older deps in a our per-release branches ;

 19:34 <jbicha> I don't think you're going to need that page very often; it's very specific to a particular kind of archive maintenance work

 19:34 <jbicha> it's not required for this application at all, I was just mentioning it as something your team can follow up on later

 19:34 <cyphermox> it's also something that shows up elsewhere

 19:34 <cyphermox> (in other reports)

 19:35 <rharper> jbicha: indeed

 19:35 <jbicha> I don't have any other questions today ðŸ˜Š

 19:35 <blackboxsw> rharper: from my end, both cloud-init and curtin projects have a number of tools and scripts to streamline our release process. What do you feel could use more improvement to ensure quality or ease of release for the SRU verification process?

 19:37 <rharper> blackboxsw: I think our biggest challenge is regression detection;  cloud-init runs in so many places, and we have to deal with upgrades and new instances; it's quite hard to ensure we've got as much coverage as possible;  We've got on our list (with partners) to enable more CI on target platforms; which will help raise confidence that releasing things won't break customers

 19:38 <tsimonq2> Any other questions or are we ready to vote?

 19:38 <jbicha> cloud-init is one of my favorite things made by Canonical :)

 19:39 <tsimonq2> ^

 19:39 <cyphermox> ready to vote.

 19:39 <slashd> tsimonq2, I'm good to vote

 19:40 <tsimonq2> #vote rharper PPU for cloud-init, curtin

 19:40 <meetingology> Please vote on: rharper PPU for cloud-init, curtin

 19:40 <meetingology> Public votes can be registered by saying +1, +0 or -1 in channel, (for private voting, private message me with 'vote +1/-1/+0 #channelname)

 19:40 <jbicha> +1

 19:40 <meetingology> +1 received from jbicha

 19:40 <tsimonq2> +1

 19:40 <meetingology> +1 received from tsimonq2

 19:41 <slashd> +1

 19:41 <meetingology> +1 received from slashd

 19:41 <cyphermox> +1

 19:41 <meetingology> +1 received from cyphermox

 19:42 <tsimonq2> rbasak?

 19:42 <rbasak> +0 rharper is on my team at Canonical, so my usual (personal) policy applies: I abstain unless everyone else present is unanimously +1 and my vote is required for quorum or some other procedural issue.

 19:42 <meetingology> +0 rharper is on my team at Canonical, so my usual (personal) policy applies: I abstain unless everyone else present is unanimously +1 and my vote is required for quorum or some other procedural issue. received from rbasak

 19:42 <tsimonq2> ah

 19:42 <tsimonq2> #endvote

 19:42 <meetingology> Voting ended on: rharper PPU for cloud-init, curtin

 19:42 <meetingology> Votes for:4 Votes against:0 Abstentions:1

 19:42 <meetingology> Motion carried

 19:42 <rbasak> rharper: congratulations!

 19:42 <tsimonq2> rharper: Congratulations. :)

 19:42 <slashd> Congrats rharper

 19:42 <blackboxsw> woot!

 19:42 <rharper> \o/

 19:43 <tsimonq2> Anyone want to volunteer to handle ACLs?

 19:43 <slashd> tsimonq2, I'll do it

 19:43 * blackboxsw is greatful for the help  rharper can now provide

 19:43 <tsimonq2> Alright, cool.

 19:43 <sarnold> rharper: congratulations :)

 19:43 <tsimonq2> #topic AOB

 19:43 <blackboxsw> *grateful

 19:43 <tsimonq2> Anything else, folks?

 19:43 <rharper> sarnold: thanks!

 19:43 <rbasak> tsimonq2: could you assign actions for slashd please, so we can track it?

 19:43 <rbasak> https://wiki.ubuntu.com/DeveloperMembershipBoard/KnowledgeBase#Actions_after_a_successful_applications

 19:44 <rbasak> calls for two actions

 19:44 <rbasak> slashd: and that link has instructions for you too

 19:44 <slashd> rbasak, I appreciate it

 19:45 <tsimonq2> rbasak: Oh, sure.

 19:45 <tsimonq2> #action slashd to handle ACLs for rharper's PPU application

 19:45 * meetingology slashd to handle ACLs for rharper's PPU application

 19:45 <tsimonq2> #action slashd to announce rharper's successful application

 19:45 * meetingology slashd to announce rharper's successful application

 19:46 <tsimonq2> Alright, anything else?

 19:46 <rbasak> Thanks!

 19:46 <rbasak> There was a suggestion to better document what we expect applicants to know.

 19:47 <tsimonq2> #action tsimonq2 to better document what we expect applicants to know

 19:47 * meetingology tsimonq2 to better document what we expect applicants to know

 19:47 <rbasak> Thanks :)

 19:47 <tsimonq2> So we have it for the record. :)

 19:47 <tsimonq2> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)