== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team, 23 May at 15:08 &mdash; 16:01 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2019/ubuntu-meeting.2019-05-23-15.08.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning rounds ===
The discussion about "Lightning rounds" started at 15:08.


=== Release incoming bugs (eoan) ===
The discussion about "Release incoming bugs (eoan)" started at 15:18.

  * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ee-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs 

=== Team proposed-migration report ===
The discussion about "Team proposed-migration report" started at 15:49.

  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs 

=== AOB ? ===
The discussion about "AOB ?" started at 16:01.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * xnox (79)
 * vorlon (46)
 * bdmurray (30)
 * cyphermox (29)
 * juliank (20)
 * ubottu (20)
 * sil2100 (18)
 * rbalint (12)
 * tdaitx (6)
 * meetingology (3)
 * gaughen (2)



== Full Log ==


 15:08 <xnox> #startmeeting Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team

 15:08 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu May 23 15:08:16 2019 UTC.  The chair is xnox. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 15:08 <meetingology> 

 15:08 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 15:08 <xnox> #topic Lightning rounds

 15:08 <xnox> echo $(shuf -e vorlon bdmurray xnox tdaitx doko sil2100 rbalint infinity cyphermox mwhudson juliank waveform)

 15:08 <xnox> mwhudson bdmurray waveform vorlon tdaitx doko xnox rbalint sil2100 cyphermox infinity juliank

 15:08 <xnox> weekly ping of mwhudson =)

 15:08 <xnox> bdmurray:  you are up

 15:08 <bdmurray> uploaded apport to eoan, enabled crash reporting

 15:08 <bdmurray> - Decrease zlib compression level from 9 to 6 (LP: #1537635)

 15:08 <bdmurray> - move python3-launchpadlib from a Suggests to a Depends (LP: #1824002)

 15:08 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1537635 in apport (Ubuntu Eoan) "Reduce zlib compression level for massive performance increase" [Medium,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1537635

 15:08 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1824002 in apport (Ubuntu Eoan) "python3-launchpadlib needs promotion from suggests" [Medium,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1824002

 15:08 <bdmurray> synchronized upstream apport branch and Ubuntu one

 15:08 <bdmurray> tested new version of apport in the staging Error Tracker

 15:08 <bdmurray> submitted RT regarding update apport in production Error Tracker

 15:09 <bdmurray> updated apport branch used by the Launchpad retracers

 15:09 <bdmurray> resolved unicode Traceback with apport in production, got fix deployed

 15:09 <bdmurray> create an apport-test-crash with unicode in it

 15:09 <bdmurray> verified fix for u-r-u dependency bug LP: #1824866

 15:09 <bdmurray> uploaded apport symptoms fixing (LP: #1789516)

 15:09 <bdmurray> investigation / testing of LP: #1823398

 15:09 <bdmurray> sent email to ubuntu-devel regarding mlocate's usefulness

 15:09 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1824866 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu Bionic) "python3-distupgrade missing a dep on python3-distro-info" [Medium,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1824866

 15:09 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1789516 in apport-symptoms (Ubuntu) "ubuntu-bug crashes when filing bug for usb storage when udisks2 is not installed." [Medium,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1789516

 15:09 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1823398 in console-setup (Ubuntu) "setvtrgb causes boot delays in clouds" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1823398

 15:09 <bdmurray> done

 15:09 <xnox> waveform_:

 15:09 <rbalint> o/

 15:09 <gaughen> xnox, he's sick

 15:09 <xnox> ah

 15:09 <xnox> vorlon:  then

 15:10 <vorlon> roadmap sprint last week, travel swap Monday

 15:10 <vorlon> a few merges, livecd-rootfs sponsorships, SRU reviews, MP reviews

 15:10 <vorlon> discussions about the set of architectures for Ubuntu 20.04

 15:10 <vorlon> nothing else to report

 15:10 <vorlon> (done)

 15:11 <tdaitx> * uploaded eoan fix for LP: #1825604, LP: #1828427, LP: #1825037

 15:11 <tdaitx> - bionic/cosmic packages are waiting review by security team

 15:11 <tdaitx> - disco needs sru

 15:11 <tdaitx> * checked & tested new bionic jenkins slaves

 15:11 <tdaitx> * investigating LP: #1811695

 15:11 <tdaitx> (done)

 15:11 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1825604 in netbeans (Ubuntu) "Netbeans 10 requires openjdk-11" [Undecided,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1825604

 15:11 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1828427 in netbeans (Debian) "Netbeans fails to create a java project with NoSuchMethodError" [Unknown,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1828427

 15:11 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1825037 in scilab (Ubuntu) "scilab-cli and scilab-adv-cli does not start on bionic, cosmic, disco and eoan" [Undecided,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1825037

 15:11 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1811695 in update-manager (Ubuntu Disco) "/usr/bin/update-manager:RuntimeError(org.freedesktop.DBus.Python.RuntimeError):_on_clicked:_deferable..." [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1811695

 15:11 <xnox> doko:  ? or are you out?

 15:11 <sil2100> Yes he is out

 15:11 <xnox> = Progress =

 15:11 <xnox> * forwarded busybox bug upstream, cherrypick their fix.

 15:11 <xnox> * unbreak perl openssl hangs in eoan (everything migrated)

 15:11 <xnox> * prepare perl openssl hang fix for bionic

 15:11 <xnox> * upload finalrd backport to bionic

 15:11 <xnox> * unbreak mdadm init.d scripts causing failure to install

 15:11 <xnox> * review nova SRUs, fixup test cases in eoan

 15:11 <xnox> * upload d-i to get kernel to migrate in eoan

 15:12 <xnox> * fixup multipath-tools failing to install encrypted devices in d-i

 15:12 <xnox> * demote python2.7 to universe, and fixup a few python2 packages that

 15:12 <xnox> try to sneak back in via -doc

 15:12 <xnox> * upload initramfs-tools such that it is able to auto-bring up ip=

 15:12 <xnox> qeth interfaces on s390x.

 15:12 <xnox> * s390-tools new upstream release

 15:12 <xnox> * split ubiquity panel into a subpackage

 15:12 <xnox> * in progress unbreaking ucode updates in Ubuntu Core images

 15:12 <xnox> = Blocked on =

 15:12 <xnox> SRU bionic

 15:12 <xnox> * libio-socket-ssl-perl (3 months now)

 15:12 <xnox> * libnet-ssleay-perl (1m 18 days now)

 15:12 <xnox> * ruby2.5 SRU bionic Unapproved (1 month now)

 15:12 <xnox> * libww-perl  (2 days)

 15:12 <xnox> * finalrd SRU bionic NEW (0 days)

 15:12 <xnox> vorlon: should all of openssl srus be yanked out, to let python3.7 point

 15:12 <xnox> releases through?

 15:12 <xnox> Seed changes

 15:12 <xnox> * ubiquity panel split LP: #1830201

 15:12 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1830201 in ubuntustudio-meta (Ubuntu) "ubiquity-frontend-gtk and ubiquity-frontend-gtk-panel split" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1830201

 15:12 <xnox> (done)

 15:12 <xnox> rbalint:

 15:12 <rbalint> * prepared wireshark security updates for stable releases

 15:12 <rbalint> * updated gce-compute-image-packages including preparing SRUs

 15:12 <rbalint> * (highlight) updated Ubuntu on Windows apps to 20190521 daily build with added WSL utilities

 15:12 <rbalint> * gardened WSL-related bugs

 15:12 <rbalint> * prepared fix for LP: #1823070, on review

 15:12 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1823070 in unattended-upgrades (Ubuntu) "unattended-upgrades should tell the user (via motd) when security updates are held back" [Undecided,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1823070

 15:12 <rbalint> * looking at https://github.com/systemd/systemd/issues/12616 , a regression coming with the fix for LP: #1803993

 15:12 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1803993 in systemd (Ubuntu) "Password appears on the VT1 screen" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1803993

 15:12 <rbalint> * meetings and discussions

 15:13 <rbalint> (done)

 15:13 <xnox> sil2100:

 15:13 <sil2100> - SRU reviews and releases

 15:13 <sil2100> - Lots of kernel SRU reviews

 15:13 <sil2100> - Short DMB meeting

 15:13 <sil2100> - ubuntu-image:

 15:13 <sil2100> * Verifying the 1.7 SRU for x/bb/dd/cc

 15:13 <sil2100> * Verifying and releasing the ubuntu-image stable snap

 15:13 <sil2100> * Prepared changes to livecd-rootfs for handling /boot/grub updates for classic images

 15:13 <sil2100> - Reviewed and released Dave's flash-kernel merge

 15:13 <sil2100> - Released new core18 into stable, investigated if the auto-build infrastructure still works

 15:13 <sil2100> - Getting a final review of the britney SRU ADT regression commenting

 15:13 <sil2100> * Merged, but still needs a few fixes. Buggy as hell!

 15:13 <sil2100> - Generating .publish_info files for stable core images on cdimage

 15:13 <vorlon> xnox: I know of no reason to be concerned about the timing of the python3.7 point release SRUs

 15:13 <sil2100> - Fixing cdimage .publish_info generation to include a newline at the end

 15:13 <sil2100> - Debugging issues with kernel-sru-review not auto-accepting uefi binaries during review

 15:13 <sil2100> * Figured out the reason was my system clock being out-of-sync, geh

 15:13 <sil2100> * Still, as part of the debugging, rewrote the auto-approval logic not to needlessly wait 10 seconds

 15:13 <sil2100> (done)

 15:14 <xnox> vorlon:  ok. it's just upstreams are pestering doko.

 15:14 <xnox> cyphermox:  ? (out right?)

 15:15 <xnox> juliank:

 15:15 <juliank> * (half-day out on Friday)

 15:15 <juliank> * Organized DebConf19 invoicing

 15:15 <juliank> * PackageKit hacking for socket-activated DebConf helper

 15:15 <juliank> * Preparing for apt 1.8.2 and friends, merging the patch for TLS session renegotiation; figuring out whether to merge my unlock order change or not.

 15:15 <juliank> * less magic ESM (https://github.com/CanonicalLtd/ubuntu-advantage-client/issues/520)

 15:15 <juliank> * lvm2/eoan upload to fix path to systemd-run in udev rule (LP: #1830169); other releases coming later

 15:15 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1830169 in Ubuntu on IBM z Systems "lvm udev rule fails to call systemd-run" [Medium,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1830169

 15:15 <juliank> * (next week EOW on Tuesday)

 15:15 <juliank> (done)

 15:16 * juliank does have more bug numbers but forgot to add them to the items :/

 15:16 <xnox> yeah

 15:16 * xnox is out Friday - Monday (swap day + bank holiday, warsaw volleyball tournament)

 15:17 <vorlon> the US is also out Monday

 15:17 * rbalint is out from next Tuesday

 15:18 <xnox> #topic Release incoming bugs (eoan)

 15:18 <xnox> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ee-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 15:18 <bdmurray> So juliank, cyphermox and I have been reviewing other rls tagged bugs and tagged some with ee for discussion

 15:18 <bdmurray> bug 807259

 15:19 <ubottu> bug 807259 in update-manager (Ubuntu) "MetaRelease.download() Issue after Captive Portal" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/807259

 15:20 <bdmurray> This has been around for quite a while and seems worth fixing.

 15:21 <cyphermox> I'm around; sorry. I was suprised by my parents visiting at an inopportune time

 15:21 <juliank> bdmurray: Should be fixed since the move to https?

 15:21 <bdmurray> I hope they brought food

 15:22 <bdmurray> juliank: so you think it is worth testing again?

 15:22 <xnox> juliank:  should it like query gnome if there is or isn't network connectivity from the checker?

 15:22 <juliank> bdmurray: yeah

 15:23 <juliank> xnox: hmm, meh, it would just show you nothing if the cert is wrtong

 15:23 <xnox> right

 15:23 <bdmurray> anyway the point is should we card it?

 15:24 <vorlon> so, this looks manageable this cycle, +1 for putting it on the list

 15:24 <bdmurray> okay, targetting to EE

 15:24 <bdmurray> bug 1218702 - cyphermox can you speak this one?

 15:24 <ubottu> bug 1218702 in ubiquity (Ubuntu) "ubiquity resizes partition even when not asked to." [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1218702

 15:25 <cyphermox> an old ubiquity bug

 15:25 <cyphermox> basically, moving from MiB to MB or the other way around confuses partman

 15:25 <cyphermox> possibly also cylinder alignment?

 15:25 <cyphermox> I think it's worth at least checking carefully that those ^ are handled correctly

 15:26 <vorlon> what is the impact of this bug?  they're formatting the partition, so what does it matter if it's also resized in the process

 15:26 <cyphermox> it's not quite the same size as people expect it to be

 15:26 <vorlon> unless I'm missing something I would decline this one

 15:26 <cyphermox> (but also, it might resize partitions they aren't changing, IIUC)

 15:27 <vorlon> ok, but "I lost 8M"

 15:27 <vorlon> that's not a real issue on modern disks

 15:27 <xnox> it's like 3 floppies!

 15:27 <vorlon> I lose that much disk in my couch cushions when I sit down

 15:27 <cyphermox> who cares about 8MiB lost in the grand scheme of things; you probably wouln't notice.

 15:27 <cyphermox> but if something decides to resize an existing partition that you weren't otherwise touching, that's potentially a much, much slower install

 15:28 <vorlon> yes, but that's not reported in the ug

 15:28 <vorlon> bug

 15:28 <cyphermox> how much do we need to focus on this if we're to have a new installer for desktop?

 15:28 <vorlon> zero

 15:28 <vorlon> decline

 15:28 <cyphermox> ack.

 15:28 <cyphermox> it's certainly not a new bug in any case

 15:28 <bdmurray> bug 1503441

 15:28 <ubottu> bug 1503441 in partman-auto (Ubuntu) "4GB root isn't enough to install Ubuntu" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1503441

 15:29 <cyphermox> similar thing, in a way. we should check that the minimal space calculations are still correct in ubiquity, and the partman-auto recipes are good.

 15:30 <cyphermox> xnox: I think swap space shouldn't be the issue anymore?

 15:30 <vorlon> the bug as described definitely doesn't exist today, it's been fixed in the past 4 years

 15:30 <cyphermox> ok

 15:30 <vorlon> so I would close it fixed

 15:30 <xnox> cyphermox:  vorlon: marked it as fixed.

 15:30 <cyphermox> let's kill that then

 15:31 <cyphermox> ta

 15:32 <vorlon> LP: #1680245, I don't think this needs to be here

 15:32 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1680245 in subiquity (Ubuntu) "subiquity does not take in account existing partition" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1680245

 15:32 <vorlon> that work is tracked elsewise

 15:32 <bdmurray> We wanted to follow up with mwh about the status of it

 15:32 <vorlon> the deb in the Ubuntu archive is not how subiquity is delivered, so I don't think the release tracking bugs dtrt

 15:33 <bdmurray> ah, okay that's reasonable

 15:33 <cyphermox> there's still the project bug anyway, we can just drop the tag

 15:33 <cyphermox> (done)

 15:34 <vorlon> we didn't discuss LP: #1494851 ?

 15:34 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1494851 in cryptsetup (Ubuntu) "initramfs cryptroot hook script doesn't install cryptsetup if keyfile but no keyscript" [High,Incomplete] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1494851

 15:34 <cyphermox> don't we have a card about this?

 15:34 <cyphermox> assigned to beta squad I think

 15:34 <xnox> hmmmm

 15:34 <bdmurray> cyphermox: its not tagged with the card one

 15:34 <xnox> so, it's now split into separate packages......

 15:35 <cyphermox> or maybe not

 15:35 <vorlon> according to the comment from juliank the code doesn't exist post-cosmic, so should perhaps be closed

 15:35 <bdmurray> but what about Bionic?

 15:35 <xnox> yeah that

 15:35 <juliank> bionic and xenial should prob be fixed

 15:35 <xnox> cause i had the autodetection in cosmic-

 15:35 <xnox> to either include cryptsetup or not

 15:35 <xnox> and now, it's just a separate package.

 15:36 <xnox> (which i don't know if we are seeding right)

 15:36 <vorlon> bdmurray: bionic> orthogonal to the rls-ee-incoming list? :)

 15:36 <xnox> but i don't care about seeds anymore

 15:36 <cyphermox> vorlon: but bionic-tracking though

 15:36 <cyphermox> seb's request was that we see SRUs in the -tracking lists

 15:36 <cyphermox> as I understood it anyway

 15:37 <bdmurray> sure but we are looking at the bug now and it was rediscovered when looking at rls-x-incoming

 15:39 <xnox> i'll try to look into it

 15:39 <xnox> a few people use that bit of cryptsetup code, from prior work

 15:40 <xnox> bdmurray:  are we done?

 15:41 <xnox> shall we move onto proposed-migration report?

 15:41 <bdmurray> xnox: lets look at bug 1829401 since its undecided

 15:41 <cyphermox> bdmurray: yeah, what I'm saying is we're reviewing -incomings we couldn't just done on our own; and checking if we pull them in to $release-tracking

 15:41 <ubottu> bug 1829401 in packagekit (Ubuntu) "/usr/bin/software-properties-gtk:TypeError:on_pktask_finish:on_pktask_finish:new_init:__init__:new_init:__init__:new_init" [Medium,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1829401

 15:41 <juliank> I decided things

 15:42 <juliank> but not early enough for the meeting

 15:42 <juliank> :(

 15:44 <juliank> Now bug 1829401 has a new title

 15:44 <ubottu> bug 1829401 in packagekit (Ubuntu Eoan) "gi.repository.GLib.GError: pk-client-error-quark: could not do untrusted question as no klass support" [Medium,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1829401

 15:45 <xnox> bdmurray:  next?

 15:46 <bdmurray> xnox: I think that's good for today.

 15:49 <vorlon> proposed-migration, then?

 15:49 <xnox> #topic Team proposed-migration report

 15:49 <xnox> #link http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs

 15:49 <xnox> so next steps for systemd

 15:50 <gaughen> xnox, do you need any help?

 15:50 <xnox> is revert balint's patch; merge autopkgtest improvement patches

 15:50 <vorlon> did something happen to make systemd worse on arm64?

 15:50 <xnox> possibly merge v242

 15:50 <vorlon> what's "balint's patch" in this context?

 15:50 <xnox> vorlon:  i don't know things about arm64 being worse. i thought arm64 got worse across the board in adt, ratehr than just systemd?

 15:50 <xnox> vorlon:  balint's patch is the VT1 keyboard echo bugfix

 15:50 <vorlon> xnox: arm64 was failing to boot, and we handled that by stopping the runners in bos02

 15:50 <xnox> which has regressions

 15:51 <vorlon> since bos02 was unaffected

 15:51 <vorlon> ah that patch ok

 15:51 <vorlon> sorry, bos01 was unaffected

 15:51 <xnox> ah i see

 15:51 <vorlon> so any current test failures are unrelated

 15:52 <rbalint> vorlon, yes, they are unrelated

 15:52 <rbalint> vorlon, the vt1 fix caused regressions in desktop edge cases

 15:52 * vorlon nods

 15:52 <vorlon> the "I stopped gdm for some reason"

 15:52 <vorlon> case

 15:52 * juliank uploaded broken packagekit, could be removed from proposed

 15:55 <vorlon> juliank: you want us to delete 1.1.12-5ubuntu1 from -proposed?  or are you going to do a follow-up upload?

 15:55 <juliank> I'll eventually do one, but it might confuse people in the meantime

 15:55 <vorlon> (just removing it has the downside that when someone tries to upload again, they reuse the version number that's already burnt)

 15:56 <vorlon> juliank: so I would leave it there for right now

 15:56 <juliank> ok

 15:56 <vorlon> and if we have this conversation again in a week, I'll reconsider :)

 15:57 <vorlon> I guess I'll retry the cloud-utils/amd64 autopkgtest again

 15:59 <vorlon> which is possibly racy, or a regression wrt loop devices

 16:00 <vorlon> and network-manager/ppc64el is going nowhere fast

 16:01 <vorlon> cyphermox: test_no_ap seems to have become less reliable there, any thoughts?

 16:01 <xnox> #topic AOB ?

 16:01 <cyphermox> I was looking at that

 16:01 <xnox> no?

 16:01 <vorlon> cyphermox: ok thanks

 16:01 <cyphermox> I'd need to look at the code, it's been a while

 16:01 <xnox> aob going once

 16:01 <xnox> aob going twice

 16:01 <vorlon> cyphermox: should we give you a card for that work?

 16:01 <xnox> aob going thrice

 16:01 <cyphermox> vorlon: please.

 16:01 <xnox> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)