== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting: DMB meeting, 01 Jul at 15:07 &mdash; 15:42 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2019/ubuntu-meeting.2019-07-01-15.07.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Review of previous action items ===
The discussion about "Review of previous action items" started at 15:08.


=== sil2100 to check with Rosco2 that ubuntustudio packageset upload permission changes are all complete ===
The discussion about "sil2100 to check with Rosco2 that ubuntustudio packageset upload permission changes are all complete" started at 15:08.


=== Seyeong Kim (xtrusia) contribution developer application ===
The discussion about "Seyeong Kim (xtrusia) contribution developer application" started at 15:11.

  * ''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/xtrusia/contributingdeveloper 
  * ''Vote:'' Please vote on: Seyeong Kim (xtrusia) Contributing Developer application (Carried)

=== AOB ===
The discussion about "AOB" started at 15:34.




== Vote results ==

 * [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2019/ubuntu-meeting.2019-07-01-15.07.log.html#34 Please vote on: Seyeong Kim (xtrusia) Contributing Developer application]]
  * Motion carried (For/Against/Abstained 4/0/0)
   *  Voters cyphermox, slashd, sil2100, tsimonq2



== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * slashd (28)
 * tsimonq2 (16)
 * meetingology (12)
 * cyphermox (7)
 * seyeongkim (6)
 * sil2100 (6)
 * teward (5)



== Full Log ==


 15:07 <slashd> #startmeeting DMB meeting

 15:07 <meetingology> Meeting started Mon Jul  1 15:07:49 2019 UTC.  The chair is slashd. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 15:07 <meetingology> 

 15:07 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 15:08 <slashd> #topic Review of previous action items

 15:08 <slashd> #topic sil2100 to check with Rosco2 that ubuntustudio packageset upload permission changes are all complete

 15:09 <sil2100> slashd: can we carry that over? I'm sure there's nothing here

 15:09 <sil2100> But I didn't check yet

 15:09 <slashd> ok

 15:10 <slashd> the rest of the list seems to all be marked as done

 15:10 <slashd> for teward and ddstreet application

 15:10 <slashd> so I guess we can move on to Seyeong

 15:10 <teward> confirmed mine works

 15:10 <teward> i've been uploading things on behalf of Studio recently (they nagged me >.<)

 15:10 <slashd> teward, tks

 15:10 <slashd> We have 1 applicant today, Seyeong Kim (xtrusia)

 15:10 <teward> (just so you CAN mark it as done with confirms)

 15:10 <slashd> seyeongkim, can you introduce yourself ?

 15:11 <teward> slashd: #topic change?  (i'm picky I know)

 15:11 <teward> *returns to lurking*

 15:11 <seyeongkim> Hello, I'm seyeong kim, Sustaining Engineering based on South Korea,

 15:11 <slashd> #topic Seyeong Kim (xtrusia) contribution developer application

 15:12 <tsimonq2> Could you please provide a link to your application for reference?

 15:12 <seyeongkim> https://wiki.ubuntu.com/xtrusia/contributingdeveloper

 15:12 <seyeongkim> sure

 15:12 <tsimonq2> Thanks.

 15:14 * sil2100 is reading the application

 15:15 <cyphermox> no questions here.

 15:16 <tsimonq2> None here.

 15:17 <slashd> I have no questions either, I know Seyeong very well being part of my team.

 15:17 <slashd> sil2100 ?

 15:25 <slashd> sil2100 still reading ?

 15:29 <sil2100> I think I'm good to vote now ;)

 15:29 <slashd> #vote Please vote on: Seyeong Kim (xtrusia) Contributing Developer application

 15:29 <meetingology> Please vote on: Please vote on: Seyeong Kim (xtrusia) Contributing Developer application

 15:29 <meetingology> Public votes can be registered by saying +1, +0 or -1 in channel, (for private voting, private message me with 'vote +1/-1/+0 #channelname)

 15:29 <slashd> #voterequired 4

 15:30 <sil2100> +1 (I've seen quite a lot of seyeongkim's SRU work and I was happy with it - keep up the good work!)

 15:30 <meetingology> +1 (I've seen quite a lot of seyeongkim's SRU work and I was happy with it - keep up the good work!) received from sil2100

 15:30 <cyphermox> +1

 15:30 <meetingology> +1 received from cyphermox

 15:30 <tsimonq2> +1

 15:30 <meetingology> +1 received from tsimonq2

 15:30 <tsimonq2> slashd?

 15:31 <slashd> +1 I've been witnessing of a lot of work in various area : kernel, cloud, userspace.

 15:31 <meetingology> +1 I've been witnessing of a lot of work in various area : kernel, cloud, userspace. received from slashd

 15:31 <slashd> #endvote

 15:31 <meetingology> Voting ended on: Please vote on: Seyeong Kim (xtrusia) Contributing Developer application

 15:31 <meetingology> Votes for:4 Votes against:0 Abstentions:0

 15:31 <meetingology> Motion carried

 15:31 <tsimonq2> Congratulations!

 15:31 <slashd> Congrats seyeongkim !

 15:31 <seyeongkim> Thanks a lot

 15:31 <cyphermox> 축하해요!

 15:31 <seyeongkim> 감사합니다

 15:31 <cyphermox> hopefully that's correct, I haven't done much Korean in a long long while :)

 15:32 <seyeongkim> cyphermox: yeah that is correct :)

 15:32 <slashd> anything else ? Are we good to end the mtg ?

 15:33 <slashd> seyeongkim, thanks for joining late

 15:33 <tsimonq2> slashd: Change the topic to AOB?

 15:33 <tsimonq2> I have something related.

 15:34 <tsimonq2> #topic AOB

 15:34 <tsimonq2> hm

 15:34 <slashd> #topic AOB

 15:35 <tsimonq2> I started an "Ubuntu Developer Office Hours" initiative and I'd encourage DMB members to sign up: https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-devel/2019-June/040751.html

 15:35 <tsimonq2> I already have cyphermox down (for last week), it'd be cool to get more.

 15:35 <slashd> btw, I'm going to take care of doing the change in Launchpad for Seyeong

 15:35 <tsimonq2> That's related to both my agenda item and working with potential applicants to gauge their work in the community.

 15:35 <tsimonq2> So not strictly DMB related, but beneficial.

 15:35 <cyphermox> tsimonq2: I thought we were talking about every week

 15:36 <tsimonq2> cyphermox: I'll make that change real quick then :)

 15:36 <cyphermox> ahah cool :)

 15:40 <slashd> tsimonq2, anything else ?

 15:40 <tsimonq2> Oh, nope. Everyone should really really go sign up, that's it. ;)

 15:41 <slashd> tsimonq2, ack

 15:41 <slashd> sil2100, cyphermox anything else on your side before we end the mtg ?

 15:41 <cyphermox> nop

 15:41 <sil2100> No, I think we're good

 15:42 <slashd> cyphermox, tsimonq2, cyphermox thanks guys

 15:42 <slashd> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)