== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting: Developer Membership Board, 25 Feb at 19:23 &mdash; 19:50 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2019/ubuntu-meeting.2019-02-25-19.23.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== ~lubuntu-dev delegated team ===
The discussion about "~lubuntu-dev delegated team" started at 19:23.

  * ''LINK:'' https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/devel-permissions/2019-February/001319.html - tl;dr Lubuntu is asking for ~lubuntu-dev to be granted upload permissions to the `lubuntu` packageset.
  * ''Vote:'' ~lubuntu-dev to be granted delegated control over lubuntu packageset (new delegated team) (Carried)
  * ''ACTION:'' tsimonq2 to file RT transferring ownership of ~lubuntu-dev, deactivate ~lubuntu-council, ask TB to do ACL change
  * ''LINK:'' https://phab.lubuntu.me/w/lubuntu-dev/ 

=== AOB? ===
The discussion about "AOB?" started at 19:48.

  * ''LINK:'' https://launchpad.net/~ubuntu-dev/+member/ubuntu-sru-developers vs https://launchpad.net/~ubuntu-dev/+member/kubuntu-dev



== Vote results ==

 * [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2019/ubuntu-meeting.2019-02-25-19.23.log.html#18 ~lubuntu-dev to be granted delegated control over lubuntu packageset (new delegated team)]]
  * Motion carried (For/Against/Abstained 4/0/0)
   *  Voters cyphermox, jbicha, slashd, tsimonq2



== Action items, by person ==

 * tsimonq2
  * tsimonq2 to file RT transferring ownership of ~lubuntu-dev, deactivate ~lubuntu-council, ask TB to do ACL change



== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * cyphermox (42)
 * tsimonq2 (25)
 * meetingology (13)
 * jbicha (5)
 * slashd (3)



== Full Log ==


 19:23 <cyphermox> #startmeeting Developer Membership Board

 19:23 <meetingology> Meeting started Mon Feb 25 19:23:28 2019 UTC.  The chair is cyphermox. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 19:23 <meetingology> 

 19:23 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 19:23 <cyphermox> #topic ~lubuntu-dev delegated team

 19:23 <cyphermox> tsimonq2: you want to summarize for the logs?

 19:24 <cyphermox> then I'll start the vote

 19:24 <cyphermox> slashd: around?

 19:24 <tsimonq2> Sure.

 19:24 <cyphermox> rbasak isn't

 19:24 <slashd> cyphermox, yep

 19:24 <jbicha> oh, we're voting after all?

 19:24 <cyphermox> well since you all seem to need it :P

 19:25 <jbicha> I wasn't going to call us for us to have a vote on whether to have a vote ðŸ˜‰

 19:25 <tsimonq2> https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/devel-permissions/2019-February/001319.html - tl;dr Lubuntu is asking for ~lubuntu-dev to be granted upload permissions to the `lubuntu` packageset.

 19:25 <tsimonq2> :D

 19:25 <cyphermox> tsimonq2: sounds like a great summary :)

 19:25 <cyphermox> #vote ~lubuntu-dev to be granted delegated control over lubuntu packageset (new delegated team)

 19:25 <meetingology> Please vote on: ~lubuntu-dev to be granted delegated control over lubuntu packageset (new delegated team)

 19:25 <meetingology> Public votes can be registered by saying +1, +0 or -1 in channel, (for private voting, private message me with 'vote +1/-1/+0 #channelname)

 19:26 <tsimonq2> +1

 19:26 <meetingology> +1 received from tsimonq2

 19:26 <cyphermox> +1

 19:26 <meetingology> +1 received from cyphermox

 19:26 <jbicha> +1

 19:26 <meetingology> +1 received from jbicha

 19:26 <slashd> +1

 19:26 <meetingology> +1 received from slashd

 19:27 <cyphermox> no sil2100 either

 19:27 <cyphermox> and no micahg.

 19:27 <cyphermox> #endvote

 19:27 <meetingology> Voting ended on: ~lubuntu-dev to be granted delegated control over lubuntu packageset (new delegated team)

 19:27 <meetingology> Votes for:4 Votes against:0 Abstentions:0

 19:27 <meetingology> Motion carried

 19:28 <cyphermox> that was quorate anyway

 19:28 <cyphermox> now; one issue is that I'm not sure if we're supposed to decide if we can delegate directly, or if it needs to be approved or something

 19:29 <cyphermox> but I suppose, tsimonq2, if you're going to be the person bringing it up to the TB, it can be part of the discussion if there's any needed

 19:29 <cyphermox> I'll definitely be at the next TB meeting anyway

 19:29 <tsimonq2> The original proposal I outlined was to create a new team, ~lubuntu-dev-owner, which has the DMB and ~lubuntu-council, and allow that team to approve/deny members.

 19:30 <cyphermox> yup

 19:30 <tsimonq2> cyphermox: Is that something we decide or the TB does?

 19:30 <cyphermox> like kubuntu, basically

 19:30 <tsimonq2> Right.

 19:30 <cyphermox> well, TB ultimately is responsible for granting access rights to developers, they delegate that to us

 19:31 <cyphermox> but it sounds exactly like what Kubuntu does, and seems like it's perfectly fine for lubuntu to do that as well

 19:31 <cyphermox> so you probably just need to finish sorting out the ownership of the teams and you'll be all set

 19:31 <tsimonq2> Cool.

 19:32 <tsimonq2> Do we have a wiki page somewhere for formally requesting that the TB edit ACLs?

 19:32 <tsimonq2> (Or just generally some documentation I can follow.)

 19:33 <tsimonq2> "The name 'lubuntu-dev-owner' has been blocked by the Launchpad administrators. Contact Launchpad Support if you want to use this name." - heh, ok, so it'll have to be with one big ticket.

 19:33 <tsimonq2> (To answer my own question: https://wiki.ubuntu.com/DeveloperMembershipBoard/KnowledgeBase#Actions_after_a_successful_applications )

 19:33 <cyphermox> oh, looky

 19:34 <cyphermox> that actually also covers delegation

 19:34 <cyphermox> we should be looking at a policy for how the applications will be managed

 19:36 <tsimonq2> [ACTION] tsimonq2 to file RT transferring ownership of ~lubuntu-dev, deactivate ~lubuntu-council, ask TB to do ACL change

 19:36 * meetingology tsimonq2 to file RT transferring ownership of ~lubuntu-dev, deactivate ~lubuntu-council, ask TB to do ACL change

 19:37 <cyphermox> tsimonq2: we should really go over such a "policy" on the applications for lubuntu, but we can do that at a later meeting I guess?

 19:37 <cyphermox> that way you could write down something in the wiki like the one for the DesktopTeam; what you expect to see for an applicant, etc.

 19:38 <tsimonq2> https://phab.lubuntu.me/w/lubuntu-dev/

 19:38 <tsimonq2> I wrote that when I sent the email to devel-permissions.

 19:39 <tsimonq2> It's a more complete page which I'd like to generalize for Ubuntu Developers that shows everything I would expect a Lubuntu Developer to know, plus the application process.

 19:40 <cyphermox> nice

 19:40 <tsimonq2> So where I'm still curious is whether that's a process that the TB or the DMB approves.

 19:42 <cyphermox> the knowledgebase page says it's us

 19:42 <tsimonq2> Alright, so the vote earlier was to grant the team the packageset permissions, I guess we need a separate vote for the process?

 19:42 <cyphermox> slashd: jbicha: any issues with the aforementioned document?

 19:43 <cyphermox> or do you want to vote on it?

 19:43 <jbicha> I don't think we need a second vote

 19:44 <tsimonq2> For the record: ~lubuntu-dev changed to self-renewal, 720 day expiry period, ~ubuntu-core-dev was already a member, added ~lubuntu-dev to ~ubuntu-dev.

 19:45 <cyphermox> ack

 19:45 <tsimonq2> Oh, and ~lubuntu-council deactivated prior to doing all of that.

 19:47 <tsimonq2> Something else I noticed when adding ~lubuntu-dev to ~ubuntu-dev; ~ubuntu-sru-developers is the only team with an expiry date. Should that be changed to "expire never"?

 19:47 <cyphermox> tsimonq2: you mean in ~ubuntu-dev?

 19:47 <tsimonq2> Yes.

 19:47 <cyphermox> possibly

 19:48 <cyphermox> #topic AOB?

 19:48 <cyphermox> oh

 19:48 <cyphermox> ok, I already did end the voting

 19:48 <tsimonq2> https://launchpad.net/~ubuntu-dev/+member/ubuntu-sru-developers vs https://launchpad.net/~ubuntu-dev/+member/kubuntu-dev

 19:48 <cyphermox> anything else?

 19:48 <cyphermox> tsimonq2: I agree.

 19:49 <tsimonq2> I'll make that change then.

 19:49 <tsimonq2> Nothing else from me.

 19:49 <cyphermox> slashd: jbicha

 19:49 <slashd> cyphermox, nothing else on my side

 19:50 <jbicha> nothing from me :)

 19:50 <cyphermox> ok

 19:50 <cyphermox> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)