== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status, 08 Oct at 13:04 &mdash; 13:22 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2019/ubuntu-meeting.2019-10-08-13.04.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Review of previous action items ===
The discussion about "Review of previous action items" started at 13:05.

  * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg 

=== New MIRs ===
The discussion about "New MIRs" started at 13:10.

  * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=NEW&assignee_option=none&field.assignee=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir 

=== Incomplete bugs / questions ===
The discussion about "Incomplete bugs / questions" started at 13:11.

  * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir 

=== Any other business? ===
The discussion about "Any other business?" started at 13:20.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * cpaelzer (44)
 * didrocks (7)
 * doko (7)
 * joeubuntu (4)
 * meetingology (3)
 * ubottu (2)



== Full Log ==


 13:04 <cpaelzer> #startmeeting Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status

 13:04 <meetingology> Meeting started Tue Oct  8 13:04:59 2019 UTC.  The chair is cpaelzer. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 13:04 <meetingology> 

 13:04 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 13:05 <cpaelzer> #topic Review of previous action items

 13:05 <cpaelzer> I wasn't here last week, any actions defined there?

 13:05 <cpaelzer> we didn't have any meeting actions the week before ...

 13:05 <doko> joeubuntu: added you to the calendar, and removed jdstrand

 13:05 <doko> https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg

 13:05 <doko> joeubuntu: any chance for the libheif review?

 13:06 <doko> I don't think so

 13:06 <joeubuntu> Sure, it 2nd in the queue right now doko

 13:06 <joeubuntu> Sorry, you mean to be pass. I am not sure. Seth it reviewing it.

 13:08 <cpaelzer> just after zsys :-)

 13:08 <cpaelzer> so didrocks can give heif a boost by passing zsys position int he queue :-)

 13:08 <didrocks> \o/

 13:09 <cpaelzer> doko: the good part is that both are above the "known to be needed for 19.10" line

 13:09 <cpaelzer> so Seth, joeubuntu and others are aware of the urgency I think

 13:10 <cpaelzer> joeubuntu: you might ask sarnold if there is any interim progres to report, if so he can share that on the bug

 13:10 <joeubuntu> libheif was moved out of the 19.10 queue by foundations, but then Brian asked that we add it back in last week, so we did.

 13:10 <cpaelzer> thanks

 13:10 <joeubuntu> cpaelzer will do

 13:10 <cpaelzer> going to new MIRs then

 13:10 <cpaelzer> #topic New MIRs

 13:10 <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=NEW&assignee_option=none&field.assignee=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 13:11 <cpaelzer> the only one being https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/nfs-ganesha/+bug/1843403

 13:11 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1843403 in nfs-ganesha (Ubuntu) "[MIR] nfs-ganesha" [Undecided,New]

 13:11 <cpaelzer> jamespage: just confirmed that he will work on the known tasks beofre review

 13:11 <cpaelzer> so I'll mark this incomplete

 13:11 <cpaelzer> once known todos are done it can be set back to new to show up again

 13:11 <cpaelzer> doen, no others in this queue this week

 13:11 <cpaelzer> #topic Incomplete bugs / questions

 13:11 <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 13:12 <cpaelzer> didrocks: doko: libextutils-depends-perl and libextutils-pkgconfig-perl came in recently

 13:12 <cpaelzer> I have realized that was in main before

 13:13 <cpaelzer> so it would be a fast-pass case

 13:13 <cpaelzer> the uncertainty was about which Team would subscribe

 13:13 <cpaelzer> currently it seems none is

 13:13 <didrocks> yeah, seb128 and doko had some discussions on it

 13:13 <didrocks> but no conclusion it seems

 13:13 <cpaelzer> OTOH without knowing details I wonder how a pkgconfig kind of package can be a runtime dependency

 13:13 <doko> "discussions?"  I think it's escalated now to management

 13:14 <didrocks> doko: can you make sure they discuss this in the foundation/desktop sync?

 13:14 <didrocks> they already had one last week, but I didn't hear about the results

 13:14 <doko> didrocks: I asked for that before the last sync

 13:14 <didrocks> doko: if you need me to push on the desktop side for getting feedback as well, do not hesitate

 13:15 <didrocks> cpaelzer: yeah, same questionning on pkgconfig

 13:15 <cpaelzer> from changelog

 13:15 <cpaelzer> 9   * Reformat debian/control with "dh-make-perl --refresh".

 13:16 <cpaelzer> could that have been buggy and pulling it in by accident

 13:16 <cpaelzer> anyway it seems that needs sorting out between Desktop and Foundations

 13:16 <cpaelzer> given the short time before 19.10 I'd ask you all to keep bothering the people you need for this

 13:17 <cpaelzer> if one could prove the dependency isn't necesary this would resolve itslef :-)

 13:17 <cpaelzer> did you last week talk about https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/abootimg/+bug/1846208 ?

 13:17 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1846208 in abootimg (Ubuntu) "[MIR] abootimg (dependency of initramfs-tools-ubuntu-core)" [High,Incomplete]

 13:18 <cpaelzer> it was opened on 1st october not sure it was visible to you last week already

 13:18 <doko> no idea, the comments sound like bikeshedding

 13:18 <cpaelzer> It seems like it was opened incomplete, is this waiting on something?

 13:18 <cpaelzer> xnox: are you around to comment?

 13:19 <cpaelzer> The rest of the list looks fine to me

 13:20 <cpaelzer> xnox: can still chime in later here or on the bug - until then we handle the bug as it is flagged "incomplete->no-action"

 13:20 <cpaelzer> #topic Any other business?

 13:20 <cpaelzer> we all hav eseen the jdstrand joeubuntu sarnold change in responsibility

 13:20 <cpaelzer> nothing on top from server teams side

 13:20 <cpaelzer> anything else?

 13:22 <cpaelzer> I'll take this as a lonely no :-)

 13:22 <cpaelzer> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)