== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting: Developer Membership Board, 21 Oct at 15:00 &mdash; 16:15 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2019/ubuntu-meeting.2019-10-21-15.00.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Review of previous action items ===
The discussion about "Review of previous action items" started at 15:01.


=== Expiry policy for flavor developer team membership ===
The discussion about "Expiry policy for flavor developer team membership" started at 15:04.

  * ''ACTION:'' cyphermox to build report for expiry from dev teams

=== DMB elections for the expired 2 members ===
The discussion about "DMB elections for the expired 2 members" started at 15:06.

  * ''ACTION:'' cyphermox to setup nominations, voting for new DMB members

=== Package Set/Per Package Uploader Applications ===
The discussion about "Package Set/Per Package Uploader Applications" started at 15:09.

 * '''GunnarHj ibus-avro PPU''' (15:10)
  * ''ACTION:'' sil2100 to update PPU for Gunnar, adding ibus-avro
 * '''marcustomlinson - LibreOffice PPU''' (15:16)
  * ''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/EoanErmine/ReleaseSchedule 
  * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/libreoffice/+bug/1832360 
  * ''Vote:'' marcustomlinson  to gain Per-package upload rights for libreoffice (Denied)

=== MOTU Applications ===
The discussion about "MOTU Applications" started at 15:48.

  * ''ACTION:'' slashd to add marcustomlinson to the right LP teams
  * ''ACTION:'' cyphermox to update PPU for marcustomlinson, adding libreoffice and libreoffice-l10n
 * '''rafaeldtinoco - MOTU and Ubuntu Server Developer''' (15:54)
  * ''Vote:'' rafaeldtinoco to gain MOTU upload rights (Denied)
  * ''Vote:'' rafaeldtinoco to gain Ubuntu Server upload rights (Denied)
  * ''ACTION:'' slashd to add rafaeldtinoco  to ~ubuntu-server-dev and ~motu

=== Outstanding mailing list requests to assign ===
The discussion about "Outstanding mailing list requests to assign" started at 16:11.


=== Select a chair for the next meeting ===
The discussion about "Select a chair for the next meeting" started at 16:12.


=== Any other business ===
The discussion about "Any other business" started at 16:13.




== Vote results ==

 * [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2019/ubuntu-meeting.2019-10-21-15.00.log.html#224 rafaeldtinoco to gain MOTU upload rights]]
  * Motion carried (For/Against/Abstained 3/0/0)
   *  Voters cyphermox, slashd, sil2100
 * [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2019/ubuntu-meeting.2019-10-21-15.00.log.html#125 marcustomlinson  to gain Per-package upload rights for libreoffice]]
  * Motion carried (For/Against/Abstained 3/0/0)
   *  Voters cyphermox, slashd, sil2100
 * [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2019/ubuntu-meeting.2019-10-21-15.00.log.html#249 rafaeldtinoco to gain Ubuntu Server upload rights]]
  * Motion carried (For/Against/Abstained 3/0/0)
   *  Voters cyphermox, slashd, sil2100



== Action items, by person ==

 * cyphermox
  * cyphermox to build report for expiry from dev teams
  * cyphermox to setup nominations, voting for new DMB members
  * cyphermox to update PPU for marcustomlinson, adding libreoffice and libreoffice-l10n
 * marcustomlinson
  * slashd to add marcustomlinson to the right LP teams
  * cyphermox to update PPU for marcustomlinson, adding libreoffice and libreoffice-l10n
 * rafaeldtinoco
  * slashd to add rafaeldtinoco  to ~ubuntu-server-dev and ~motu
 * sil2100
  * sil2100 to update PPU for Gunnar, adding ibus-avro
 * slashd
  * slashd to add marcustomlinson to the right LP teams
  * slashd to add rafaeldtinoco  to ~ubuntu-server-dev and ~motu



== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * cyphermox (134)
 * meetingology (39)
 * marcustomlinson (37)
 * sil2100 (31)
 * slashd (29)
 * rafaeldtinoco (8)
 * cpaelzer (4)
 * Laney (3)
 * RikMills (2)
 * ubottu (1)
 * jbicha (0)
 * micahg (0)
 * tsimonq2 (0)
 * rbasak (0)



== Full Log ==


 15:00 <cyphermox> #startmeeting Developer Membership Board

 15:00 <meetingology> Meeting started Mon Oct 21 15:00:38 2019 UTC.  The chair is cyphermox. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 15:00 <meetingology> 

 15:00 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 15:01 <cyphermox> #topic Review of previous action items

 15:01 <cyphermox> tsimonq2 to better document what we expect applicants to know

 15:01 <cyphermox> oh, and I was forgetting

 15:01 <cyphermox> #votesrequired 4

 15:01 <meetingology> votes now need 4 to be passed

 15:01 <cyphermox> #voters cyphermox slashd rbasak sil2100 tsimonq2 jbicha micahg

 15:01 <meetingology> Warning: Nick not in channel: jbicha

 15:01 <meetingology> Warning: Nick not in channel: micahg

 15:01 <meetingology> Current voters: cyphermox jbicha micahg rbasak sil2100 slashd tsimonq2

 15:02 <cyphermox> tsimonq2: you around?

 15:02 <slashd> o/

 15:02 <sil2100> uh oh

 15:02 <cyphermox> ok; carrying over I guess

 15:02 <sil2100> Yeah

 15:02 <cyphermox> slashd to make ACL changes for xtrusia's successful contributing developer application

 15:02 <cyphermox> reportedly done

 15:02 <slashd> it is indeed done ^

 15:03 <cyphermox> slashd to announce xtrusia's successful contributing developer application (done)

 15:03 <cyphermox> cool, so all done; I'll update the agenda afterwards

 15:03 <sil2100> \o/

 15:03 <marcustomlinson> :(

 15:04 <cyphermox> Expiry policy for flavor developer team membership

 15:04 <cyphermox> oops

 15:04 <cyphermox> marcustomlinson: what's wrong?

 15:04 <marcustomlinson> won't meet quorum today?

 15:04 <cyphermox> so far we're not quorate, no

 15:04 <cyphermox> but there's a chance

 15:04 <cyphermox> #topic Expiry policy for flavor developer team membership

 15:04 <sil2100> Well, so we have votes from Robie

 15:04 <sil2100> So we can vote I think

 15:04 <cyphermox> ah, good

 15:04 <marcustomlinson> ah I see, I misread "cool, so all done"

 15:04 <cyphermox> well, postpone expiry though?

 15:05 <slashd> cyphermox, sil2100 : we are good to proceed with vote today

 15:05 <cyphermox> yes okay

 15:05 <cyphermox> but not quorate to discuss expiry policy?

 15:05 <slashd> right

 15:05 <sil2100> cyphermox: yeah, let's postpone the expiry

 15:05 <cyphermox> and also, is there much to discuss or is it just implementing

 15:05 <cyphermox> I think it's actually just implementing

 15:06 <cyphermox> I'll take an action to actually start looking into a report for this at the very least

 15:06 <cyphermox> #action cyphermox to build report for expiry from dev teams

 15:06 * meetingology cyphermox to build report for expiry from dev teams

 15:06 <cyphermox> #topic DMB elections for the expired 2 members

 15:07 <cyphermox> so; me and jbicha had expired, because technically our term is over

 15:07 <cyphermox> but I've asked the TB to reinstate us so we could be useful long enough to get voting done

 15:07 <cyphermox> any one of us familiar enough with condorcet to set this up?

 15:07 <cyphermox> otherwise I'll ask Laney for how to do it ^

 15:09 <cyphermox> I'll take that as a no ;)

 15:09 <cyphermox> #action cyphermox to setup nominations, voting for new DMB members

 15:09 * meetingology cyphermox to setup nominations, voting for new DMB members

 15:09 <cyphermox> #topic Package Set/Per Package Uploader Applications

 15:10 <cyphermox> #subtopic GunnarHj ibus-avro PPU

 15:10 <cyphermox> GunnarHj doesn't seem to be around

 15:10 <sil2100> hmm

 15:11 <sil2100> Since it's just addition to the PPU, should we maybe just do it?

 15:11 <sil2100> I can't remember the procedures for this

 15:12 <cyphermox> if it's consistent, if it was a pacakgeset

 15:12 <cyphermox> but this is PPU

 15:12 <cyphermox> depends on whether he can upload things to Debian

 15:13 <cyphermox> I think we at least need more than just an email

 15:13 <Laney> "This way, any DMB member may update the glob expansions for Gunnar (by relying on their existing definition) without needing to refer to the full DMB for agreement or the TB to make the change. "

 15:13 <Laney> since I got highlighted :-)

 15:13 <sil2100> Laney: ;)

 15:13 <cyphermox> ah, I didn't remember this one ;)

 15:13 <cyphermox> Laney: thanks!

 15:13 <sil2100> \o/

 15:13 <cyphermox> #agreed

 15:13 <cyphermox> so, JFDI

 15:13 <cyphermox> sil2100: you want to do the honours?

 15:15 <sil2100> cyphermox: sure o/

 15:16 <cyphermox> cool

 15:16 <cyphermox> #action sil2100 to update PPU for Gunnar, adding ibus-avro

 15:16 * meetingology sil2100 to update PPU for Gunnar, adding ibus-avro

 15:16 <sil2100> wheee

 15:16 <cyphermox> #subtopic marcustomlinson - LibreOffice PPU

 15:16 <cyphermox> marcustomlinson: hey hey

 15:16 <marcustomlinson> o/

 15:17 <cyphermox> marcustomlinson: Would you like to summarize why you're here today, and what your work has been on Ubuntu? We do have the wiki page but it's nice to hear anyway :)

 15:18 <marcustomlinson> sure, Iâ€™ve been contributing to Ubuntu since late 2013

 15:18 <marcustomlinson> much of the first 4 years was Unity heavy

 15:18 <marcustomlinson> in the last year I've been deeply involved in snap integration on Desktop and LibreOffice

 15:18 <marcustomlinson> Since starting on Libreoffice we've gone from over 800 open bugs to under 400 :)

 15:19 <marcustomlinson> and I've prepared probably around 15 or so releases

 15:19 <marcustomlinson> that's the short version :)

 15:19 <cyphermox> awesome :)

 15:20 <cyphermox> sil2100: rbasak: slashd: tsimonq2: any questions for marcustomlinson ?

 15:22 <marcustomlinson> oh I see I've done 26 releases ;)

 15:22 <slashd> marcustomlinson, at which point in the devel release you stop introducing new features ?

 15:23 <marcustomlinson> feature freeze

 15:23 <slashd> and how do you know when is the specific date ?

 15:24 <marcustomlinson> Good question, I trust my team calendar at the mo

 15:24 <slashd> F is not out yet, by here's the one for eoan: https://wiki.ubuntu.com/EoanErmine/ReleaseSchedule

 15:24 <marcustomlinson> https://wiki.ubuntu.com/EoanErmine/ReleaseSchedule

 15:24 <marcustomlinson> ah too slow

 15:25 <slashd> ;p

 15:25 <sil2100> marcustomlinson: let's say you uploaded a new libreoffice to focal but it seems to be stuck in -proposed - what and where would you look for reasons 'why'?

 15:25 <sil2100> How would you proceed?

 15:25 <marcustomlinson> I'd ping a vanguard on #ubuntu-release

 15:27 <sil2100> What vanguard would you ping?

 15:27 <sil2100> And isn't there something you could investigate by yourself?

 15:27 <marcustomlinson> I usually use the list here: https://wiki.ubuntu.com/StableReleaseUpdates

 15:27 <marcustomlinson> depending on day

 15:27 <slashd> marcustomlinson, before pinging the vanguard, what can be done by yourself ?

 15:28 <sil2100> marcustomlinson: this is a focal upload, so for the development release - the SRU team doesn't really take care of the devel release ;)

 15:29 <marcustomlinson> slashd: to be honest I don't know

 15:29 <sil2100> marcustomlinson: what about update_excuses?

 15:29 <marcustomlinson> ah ok

 15:29 <sil2100> marcustomlinson: did you have any experience with update_excuses so far?

 15:29 <marcustomlinson> right, I always run all my autopkgtests before upload, but yes how it effects others

 15:30 <marcustomlinson> sil2100: yes https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses.html#nspr

 15:30 <marcustomlinson> I fixed a funk s390x issue recently in fact

 15:31 <cyphermox> <3

 15:31 <marcustomlinson> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/libreoffice/+bug/1832360

 15:31 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1832360 in libreoffice (Ubuntu) "autopkgtests flaky on s390x" [Medium,Fix released]

 15:31 <sil2100> marcustomlinson: ok, just remember to always make sure to look at update_excuses for the uploads you make

 15:31 <sil2100> Anyway, I have no other questions

 15:31 <marcustomlinson> sil2100: indeed, brain fart

 15:31 <slashd> no more questions as well

 15:32 <cyphermox> okay

 15:32 <cyphermox> #vote marcustomlinson  to gain Per-package upload rights for libreoffice

 15:32 <meetingology> Please vote on: marcustomlinson  to gain Per-package upload rights for libreoffice

 15:32 <meetingology> Public votes can be registered by saying +1, +0 or -1 in channel, (for private voting, private message me with 'vote +1/-1/+0 #channelname)

 15:32 <cyphermox> humm

 15:32 <cyphermox> actually, is that wrong? because there are some satellite packages to libreoffice?

 15:33 <marcustomlinson> such as? libreoffice-l10n?

 15:33 <slashd> cyphermox, should we also vote for contribution developer ? I see 2 application from marcustomlinson

 15:33 <slashd> ppu + contrib developer

 15:34 <cyphermox> contrib developer is irrelevant if this vote passes :)

 15:34 <cyphermox> marcustomlinson: yes, libreoffice-l10n

 15:35 <marcustomlinson> libreoffice-l10n at least is not a thing anymore from Eoan (thanks to me - he says hinting at more votes :P)

 15:35 <cyphermox> and IIRC some of your predecessors had once requested PPU for some other things

 15:35 <marcustomlinson> but yes for SRUs from D back I'll need that

 15:35 <cyphermox> ah, cool

 15:35 <cyphermox> well, let's vote on libreoffice first, and then we can (maybe) vote on adding l10n, if the rest of the board agrees to it

 15:36 <cyphermox> voting is already open; please cast your votes :)

 15:36 <cyphermox> +1

 15:36 <meetingology> +1 received from cyphermox

 15:37 <slashd> +1

 15:37 <meetingology> +1 received from slashd

 15:42 <slashd> sil2100, ?

 15:43 <sil2100> +1

 15:43 <meetingology> +1 received from sil2100

 15:43 <sil2100> (apologies, got pulled into a meeting)

 15:43 <slashd> We also got an anticipated vote from rbasak (+1)

 15:44 <cyphermox> that's a +4

 15:44 <marcustomlinson> \o/

 15:44 <cyphermox> #endvote

 15:44 <meetingology> Voting ended on: marcustomlinson  to gain Per-package upload rights for libreoffice

 15:44 <meetingology> Votes for:3 Votes against:0 Abstentions:0

 15:44 <meetingology> Motion denied

 15:44 <marcustomlinson> XD

 15:44 <cyphermox> #agreed Motion carried; meetingology is drunk

 15:45 <slashd> Congrats marcustomlinson !

 15:45 <cyphermox> Now; why I said that contributing dev is irrelevant is because all it really gives you is Ubuntu Membership, which you get by being PPU unless you really didn't qualify

 15:45 <marcustomlinson> will I be added to ubuntu-developer-members?

 15:45 <cyphermox> and a little wrench badge on Launchpad

 15:45 <cyphermox> yep

 15:45 <cyphermox> well

 15:45 <cyphermox> that was my point

 15:45 <cyphermox> you'd be added to ~ubuntu-dev, which gets you membership

 15:46 <slashd> ok

 15:46 <marcustomlinson> cool :)

 15:46 <cyphermox> the only thing the other team gives you is the wrench badge

 15:46 <cyphermox> I'm not opposed to adding that too if you really care ;)

 15:46 <marcustomlinson> I like badges

 15:46 <marcustomlinson> :D

 15:46 <cyphermox> but really, it's just one more thing to renew membership for

 15:46 <cyphermox> ok

 15:46 <cyphermox> volunteers to do the team additions?

 15:47 <slashd> cyphermox, I'll do it

 15:47 <cyphermox> ~ubuntu-dev; and ~ubuntu-developer-members

 15:47 <marcustomlinson> thanks guys

 15:47 <RikMills> marcustomlinson: congrats

 15:47 <cyphermox> I'm on purpose skipping voting on Contributing Developer, because as stated, marcustomlinson gets membership by having PPU rights.

 15:47 <cyphermox> marcustomlinson: congrats!

 15:48 <cyphermox> #topic MOTU Applications

 15:48 <marcustomlinson> sorry to budge in, libreoffice-l10n?

 15:49 <cyphermox> oh, right

 15:49 <cyphermox> sil2100: slashd: do you care? do you think this really must be voted on?

 15:49 <slashd> I'm good with it

 15:50 <sil2100> +1 on that

 15:51 <cyphermox> okay then

 15:51 <cyphermox> #agreed Adding libreoffice-l10n to PPU for marcustomlinson as well, since it's a straightforward l10n satellite package to libreoffice

 15:51 <marcustomlinson> awesome thanks

 15:52 <cyphermox> oh, who does ACL? slashd you'll do it with teams?

 15:52 <cyphermox> we might need TB help

 15:52 <cyphermox> (I mean, alongside updating teams in LP)

 15:52 <cyphermox> or I can deal with the ACL changes

 15:53 <slashd> cyphermox, ok I'll deal with the team add

 15:53 <cyphermox> #action slashd to add marcustomlinson to the right LP teams

 15:53 * meetingology slashd to add marcustomlinson to the right LP teams

 15:53 <cyphermox> #action cyphermox to update PPU for marcustomlinson, adding libreoffice and libreoffice-l10n

 15:53 * meetingology cyphermox to update PPU for marcustomlinson, adding libreoffice and libreoffice-l10n

 15:53 <cyphermox> okay; am I forgetting anything before we move on to the other requests?

 15:54 <cyphermox> does everyone still have the time so we can vote?

 15:54 <slashd> yeah I do

 15:54 <slashd> let's take benefit of the quorum to do it

 15:54 <cyphermox> yup

 15:54 <cyphermox> #subtopic rafaeldtinoco - MOTU and Ubuntu Server Developer

 15:54 <rafaeldtinoco> o/

 15:55 <cyphermox> I'm a bit surprised that Ubuntu Server isn't a properly delegated team

 15:56 <cpaelzer> cyphermox: I can only say this is as it was since before my time here and so far there never was a request/need to change it

 15:56 <cpaelzer> all of us went through DMB to get server upload rights and somewhen later to core-dev

 15:56 <cyphermox> well, I don't see any indication the DMB has rights to put people in ~ubuntu-server anyway

 15:56 <cpaelzer> when rbasak is available on another day you might ask about the history of it

 15:57 <cyphermox> oh, then upload rights wouldn't be synced with team though

 15:57 <cpaelzer> but it shouldn't block the discussion of rafaeldtinoco today

 15:57 <cyphermox> no, no, just trying to understand what we need to be voting for.

 15:57 <Laney> It's ~ubuntu-server-dev

 15:57 <sil2100> I guess this is just about the MOTU permissions here

 15:57 <rafaeldtinoco> cyphermox: based on feedback - endorsements - I got from application, I'd like to to know if core-dev is also a possibility.

 15:59 <cyphermox> well, rbasak probably only gave his vote formally for motu, not core-dev

 15:59 <cyphermox> I wouldn't want to assume he's +1 on that, even though he might be

 16:00 <sil2100> I think Robie said he had questions in case it was a core dev application

 16:00 <cyphermox> okay

 16:00 <cyphermox> then yeah, we wouldn't be quorate to vote for core-dev

 16:00 <rafaeldtinoco> sounds good to me

 16:00 <cyphermox> server or MOTU first?

 16:02 <cyphermox> #vote rafaeldtinoco to gain MOTU upload rights

 16:02 <meetingology> Please vote on: rafaeldtinoco to gain MOTU upload rights

 16:02 <meetingology> Public votes can be registered by saying +1, +0 or -1 in channel, (for private voting, private message me with 'vote +1/-1/+0 #channelname)

 16:03 <slashd> +1

 16:03 <meetingology> +1 received from slashd

 16:04 <cyphermox> Also, if there are questions, don't hesitate

 16:04 <cyphermox> +1

 16:04 <meetingology> +1 received from cyphermox

 16:05 <sil2100> +1

 16:05 <meetingology> +1 received from sil2100

 16:05 <cyphermox> what vote did rbasak leave us?

 16:05 <slashd> +1 from rbasak

 16:05 <meetingology> +1 from rbasak received from slashd

 16:05 <rafaeldtinoco> \o/

 16:05 <cyphermox> alright; #envote

 16:06 <cyphermox> #endvote

 16:06 <meetingology> Voting ended on: rafaeldtinoco to gain MOTU upload rights

 16:06 <meetingology> Votes for:3 Votes against:0 Abstentions:0

 16:06 <meetingology> Motion denied

 16:06 <cyphermox> #agreed Motion carried; rbasak left a vote +1

 16:06 <cyphermox> meetingology: keep up.

 16:06 <cyphermox> rafaeldtinoco: congrats

 16:06 <RikMills> rafaeldtinoco: congratulations :)

 16:06 <rafaeldtinoco> thx a lot!

 16:06 <cyphermox> let's vote for Server now

 16:06 <cyphermox> #vote rafaeldtinoco to gain Ubuntu Server upload rights

 16:06 <meetingology> Please vote on: rafaeldtinoco to gain Ubuntu Server upload rights

 16:06 <meetingology> Public votes can be registered by saying +1, +0 or -1 in channel, (for private voting, private message me with 'vote +1/-1/+0 #channelname)

 16:07 <slashd> +1

 16:07 <meetingology> +1 received from slashd

 16:07 <cyphermox> +1

 16:07 <meetingology> +1 received from cyphermox

 16:09 <sil2100> +1 (seeing that ~4 people from server endorsed his application, makes sense!)

 16:09 <meetingology> +1 (seeing that ~4 people from server endorsed his application, makes sense!) received from sil2100

 16:10 <slashd> +1 from rbasak

 16:10 <meetingology> +1 from rbasak received from slashd

 16:10 <cyphermox> yup

 16:10 <rafaeldtinoco> \o/

 16:10 <cyphermox> #endvote

 16:10 <meetingology> Voting ended on: rafaeldtinoco to gain Ubuntu Server upload rights

 16:10 <meetingology> Votes for:3 Votes against:0 Abstentions:0

 16:10 <meetingology> Motion denied

 16:10 <cyphermox> #agreed motion carried!

 16:10 <slashd> Congrats rafaeldtinoco

 16:10 <sil2100> ;)

 16:10 <rafaeldtinoco> thank you very much ! ill keep up with the work =)

 16:10 <cyphermox> congrats rafaeldtinoco

 16:10 <sil2100> rafaeldtinoco: congrats! Keep up the good work!

 16:10 <rafaeldtinoco> thx!

 16:10 <cyphermox> okay, volunteers to do team additions then?

 16:10 <slashd> cyphermox, I'll do it

 16:11 <cyphermox> #action  slashd to add rafaeldtinoco  to ~ubuntu-server-dev and ~motu

 16:11 * meetingology slashd to add rafaeldtinoco  to ~ubuntu-server-dev and ~motu

 16:11 <cyphermox> #topic Outstanding mailing list requests to assign

 16:11 <cyphermox> are there any?

 16:12 <cyphermox> looks like negative

 16:12 <cyphermox> #topic Select a chair for the next meeting

 16:12 <cyphermox> I nominate...

 16:12 <cyphermox> rbasak; he's not around to say no! ;)

 16:13 <cyphermox> (actually, trying to stick to the rotation)

 16:13 <cyphermox> #topic Any other business

 16:13 <cyphermox> anything else?

 16:14 <cyphermox> I guess not

 16:14 <slashd> I think we are good

 16:15 <cyphermox> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)