== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team, 10 Oct at 15:02 &mdash; 15:43 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2019/ubuntu-meeting.2019-10-10-15.02.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning rounds ===
The discussion about "Lightning rounds" started at 15:02.


=== Release incoming bugs ===
The discussion about "Release incoming bugs" started at 15:10.

  * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/ubiquity/+bug/1847251 
  * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/grub2/+bug/1847458 

=== Team proposed-migration report ===
The discussion about "Team proposed-migration report" started at 15:20.

  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs 

=== AOB ===
The discussion about "AOB" started at 15:38.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * bdmurray (36)
 * sil2100 (28)
 * doko (20)
 * vorlon (13)
 * ubottu (11)
 * waveform (10)
 * juliank (9)
 * xnox (9)
 * Laney (9)
 * cyphermox (9)
 * rbalint (8)
 * meetingology (3)
 * gaughen (1)



== Full Log ==


 15:02 <bdmurray> #startmeeting Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team

 15:02 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Oct 10 15:02:08 2019 UTC.  The chair is bdmurray. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 15:02 <meetingology> 

 15:02 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 15:02 <bdmurray> #topic Lightning rounds

 15:02 <rbalint> o/

 15:02 <bdmurray> tdaitx vorlon mwhudson sil2100 infinity waveform xnox doko rbalint cyphermox bdmurray juliank

 15:02 <bdmurray> tdaitx: is on a plane or in an airport lounge living the life

 15:03 <bdmurray> vorlon: ?

 15:03 <vorlon> * short week, was out on Wednesday

 15:03 <vorlon> * finished NBS cleanup

 15:03 <vorlon> * the usual end-of-cycle queue reviews

 15:03 <vorlon> * started populating the packageset for not-for-i386 packages

 15:03 <vorlon> (done)

 15:03 <bdmurray> sil2100:

 15:04 <sil2100> - Eoan queue reviews

 15:04 <sil2100> - SRU reviews and releases

 15:04 <sil2100> - Prepared a different approach for the ubunut-image uc20 changes, wrote tests

 15:04 <sil2100> * Waiting for PR review from Michael

 15:04 <sil2100> - Sponsoring/reviewing various packages for the pi4 support from Dave

 15:04 <sil2100> - Reviewing the pi3-gadget classic changes from Dave, looking into flash-kernel in bionic

 15:04 <sil2100> - Investigating the license file for the IMX6-related GPU firmware blobs, found possible issues

 15:04 <sil2100> - Coordinated investigation of the dragonboard core18 boot issues without serial

 15:04 <sil2100> * New gadget in testing, certification found some other issues with it

 15:04 <sil2100> - Reviewed and merged the core18 check for snapd.service existing PR

 15:04 <sil2100> - Reproduced bug, prepared and tested a fix for the u-r-u partial upgrades being broken on eoan

 15:04 <sil2100> - Verified ubuntu-release-upgrader SRU for disco

 15:04 <sil2100> - Poked IS for a fresh full language-pack export for eoan

 15:04 <sil2100> - Helping out with image build advice for James

 15:04 <sil2100> - Started preparations for travel

 15:04 <sil2100> (done)

 15:04 <waveform> * Re-reviewed nitrogen6 MP - https://code.launchpad.net/~fisterra-team/fisterra/+git/nitrogen6x-gadget/+merge/371450

 15:04 <waveform> * Load of FFe updates for Pi4 boot:

 15:04 <waveform> - LP: #1846329

 15:04 <waveform> - LP: #1847163

 15:04 <waveform> - LP: #1847587

 15:04 <waveform> * Prepared update for including Pi build instructions in livecd-rootfs - https://code.launchpad.net/~waveform/ubuntu/+source/livecd-rootfs/+git/livecd-rootfs/+ref/image-build-readme

 15:04 <waveform> * PR for Pi gadget snap was merged - https://github.com/snapcore/pi3-gadget/pull/29 (tomorrow's dailies should theoretically boot OOTB on a Pi4)

 15:04 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1846329 in u-boot (Ubuntu) "[FFe] 2019.07 to support Pi4 boot" [Undecided,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1846329

 15:04 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1847163 in linux-firmware-raspi2 (Ubuntu Bionic) "[FFe] Firmware bump for Pi 4 boot support" [Undecided,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1847163

 15:04 <waveform> * Reported an issue with RAM access on the Pi4; LP: #1847500 (currently working on this with Hui from the kernel team)

 15:05 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1847587 in flash-kernel (Ubuntu) "Add entries for Pi 4" [Undecided,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1847587

 15:05 <waveform> * Responded to various questions regarding the new Eoan dailies, including LP: #1847596

 15:05 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1847500 in u-boot (Ubuntu) "Full RAM on Pi4 isn't accessible when using u-boot" [Undecided,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1847500

 15:05 <bdmurray> its a bit early for infinity and dave just wants to skip him

 15:05 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1847596 in linux-raspi2 (Ubuntu) "rpi3b+: corrupted screen on hdmi" [High,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1847596

 15:05 <waveform> (done)

 15:05 <xnox> * discussed upgrades to OEM archives with techboard

 15:05 <bdmurray> xnox:

 15:05 <xnox> * subiquity bugfixes & release

 15:05 <xnox> * ubiquity bugfixes & release

 15:05 <xnox> * release week next week

 15:05 <xnox> * lxd group regressed core20 building, is ubuntu-base meant to have lxd group in?

 15:05 <xnox> * done

 15:05 <doko> - some laptop fun, turned out to be out a bad power supply, got a new one

 15:05 <doko> - binutils 2.33 release (although there are no upstream tarballs)

 15:05 <doko> - one more round of GCC updates

 15:05 <doko> - Python 2.7, 3.7 and 3.8 release candidates

 15:05 <doko> - another openjdk-lts update

 15:05 <bdmurray> doko:

 15:06 <doko> - still doing LTO ftbfs evaluations

 15:06 <doko> - python3-defaults autopkg test fun

 15:06 <doko> (done)

 15:06 <rbalint> * many systemd SRU verifications

 15:06 <rbalint> * updated systemd 242 again in eoan, still in -proposed, mostly due to regressions from i368->amd64 kernel switch

 15:06 <rbalint> * unattended-upgrades bugs gardening

 15:06 <rbalint> * preparing libevent transition for after release opening

 15:06 <rbalint> (done)

 15:06 <cyphermox> - short week, catching up from the beginning of the week

 15:06 <cyphermox> - updated translations for ubiquity-slideshow-ubuntu

 15:06 <cyphermox> - submitting our shim for review

 15:06 <cyphermox> - will check if it's worth doing another ubiquity translation update now

 15:06 <cyphermox> (done)

 15:06 <bdmurray> juliank:

 15:07 <juliank> this is going to take a bit

 15:07 <juliank> * Remove the command-not-found-data package (LP: #1844651)

 15:07 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1844651 in command-not-found (Ubuntu Eoan) "command-not-found-data package is unnecessary" [Medium,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1844651

 15:07 <juliank> * SRU initramfs-tools:  Add support for panic=-1 value (LP: #1831252)

 15:07 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1831252 in initramfs-tools (Ubuntu Bionic) "panic=-1 is completely ignored by the initrd causing unexpected behaviour" [Medium,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1831252

 15:07 <juliank> * Sponsored urdfdom{,-headers} bionic SRU

 15:07 <juliank> * Fixed apt list output for trusty ESM (LP: #1847496)

 15:07 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1847496 in apt (Ubuntu Trusty) "[trusty] policy not always initialized when building depcache" [Medium,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1847496

 15:08 <juliank> * Verfied https SRU for u-r-u and update-manager

 15:08 <juliank> * Some idea and merge proposal review

 15:09 <sil2100> cyphermox: when did you do the previous ubiquity translations update?

 15:09 <juliank> * Initial look at a python-apt bug affecting landscape client in python3 (in AcquireProgress, outputfile.fileno() raising exception where we expect it to not exist)

 15:09 <juliank> (done, I think)

 15:10 <cyphermox> sil2100: last week; but it was before the strings freeze

 15:10 <bdmurray> Are there any questions on status? other than sil2100s

 15:10 <bdmurray> #topic Release incoming bugs

 15:10 <bdmurray> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/ubiquity/+bug/1847251

 15:11 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1847251 in casper (Ubuntu) "Ubiquity in the 20191008 daily image for 19.10 doesn't present the minimal install option" [Critical,Triaged]

 15:11 <cyphermox> sil2100: (hence, my question, which essentially meant I'd check if there were new translations)

 15:11 <sil2100> cyphermox: ok, thanks ;)

 15:13 <bdmurray> Laney: Can you elaborate on what this bug is about?

 15:14 <bdmurray> xnox will test this and comment on the bug report

 15:14 <bdmurray> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/grub2/+bug/1847458

 15:14 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1847458 in grub2 (Ubuntu) "EFI chainloader no longer uses shim lock protocol" [Undecided,New]

 15:16 <Laney> bdmurray: should be fixed with the casper revert

 15:16 <bdmurray> Laney: that upload seb did?

 15:16 <Laney> yes

 15:16 <bdmurray> got it

 15:17 <Laney> if you want more details I can give them, but I would also expect that xnox understands it too :-)

 15:18 <bdmurray> Laney: well the bug description was opaque. Is the the GUI radio buttons in the installer for the minimal install?

 15:19 <Laney> yes

 15:19 <Laney> they rely on a file in /cdrom

 15:19 <Laney> which wasn't present due to the bug in casper

 15:19 <xnox> which is now fixed

 15:19 <Laney> that is now reverted, /cdrom appears consistently again, so the bug is not present

 15:20 <bdmurray> Okay, that makes sense now. I did an install yesterday and saw the minimal option so its probably fixed.

 15:20 <xnox> the bug report has old image timestamp

 15:20 <xnox> retesting with todays images to make sure it's there

 15:20 <Laney> I think we closed a different report in the upload

 15:20 <Laney> that one can also be zapped

 15:20 <bdmurray> #topic Team proposed-migration report

 15:21 <bdmurray> #link http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs

 15:21 <bdmurray> Can anybody speak to this?

 15:21 <rbalint> waveform, had libapp-stacktrace-perl

 15:22 <sil2100> So it seems the first 3 are all known

 15:22 <doko> bdmurray: you should be able to speak about the perl packages

 15:23 <bdmurray> doko: do you mean bug 1846217?

 15:23 <ubottu> bug 1846217 in libcairo-gobject-perl (Ubuntu) "[MIR] libextutils-depends-perl, libextutils-pkgconfig-perl (dependency of libcairo-gobject-perl)" [Undecided,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1846217

 15:23 * gaughen waves

 15:23 <bdmurray> Christian indicates that these used to be in main.

 15:24 <sil2100> gaughen: o/

 15:25 <bdmurray> I'll subscribe the foundations team to both packages

 15:26 <sil2100> There are the python3-defaults failures, doko are you investigating those?

 15:26 <doko> django ... I had removed that, so curious why it's there again

 15:27 <doko> sil2100: no, not all

 15:27 <sil2100> doko: ok

 15:27 <vorlon> django-compat: I reran the tests and confirmed the regression is present in release pocket so I've hinted it now

 15:27 <sil2100> vcr.py looks like it might have regressed in release as well

 15:28 <sil2100> Since I see it failed for the six trigger as well

 15:28 <doko> yes, this looks so

 15:28 <vorlon> doko: you did remove django-compat before, and it made django-background-tasks uninstallable; why was it removed in the first place?

 15:28 <sil2100> I can pick that up and hint then

 15:28 <sil2100> bdmurray: I'll create a card

 15:28 <doko> vorlon: because it's removed in Debian testing, and ddoesn't have any rdepends

 15:29 <doko> python-msrestazure: this is a mess. should be all removed, or ignored

 15:29 <doko> see #u-r for that this afternoon

 15:29 <vorlon> doko: then you should have deleted it, not demoted it to -proposed

 15:29 <doko> and python-sparse: given back some hours ago, but I can't see any autopkg test updates

 15:30 <doko> vorlon: I removed one package, and demoted the other one

 15:30 <doko> and please approve python-defaults as well. would like to see the state of the mess *before* we are opening the archive next cycle

 15:31 <vorlon> I've done a retry of the remaining python3-defaults blockers without proposed now, to see what is ignorable

 15:32 <doko> are such retries described somewhere?

 15:32 * sil2100 confirmed that the vcr.py is regressed in the archive, will fill a bug and hint

 15:32 <vorlon> doko: retry-autopkgtest-regressions --no-proposed

 15:32 <bdmurray> that's in ubuntu-archive-tools right?

 15:32 <vorlon> y

 15:33 <doko> can you see that from the log web page?

 15:33 <vorlon> no

 15:35 <bdmurray> have we talked about gdb and imagemagick in previous meetings?

 15:37 <rbalint> bdmurray, yes, imagemagick is a long running mir

 15:37 <vorlon> yes; imagemagick is blocked on MIR, gdb is blocked on a regression in a revdep which from the name would seem to not be a spurious regression

 15:37 <bdmurray> okay, let's move on then

 15:38 <bdmurray> #topic AOB

 15:38 <cyphermox> vorlon: xnox: chainloader regression might be a misunderstanding; modulo the arm64 issues.

 15:40 <sil2100> Example of a hint addition I did for vcr.py: https://bazaar.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-release/britney/hints-ubuntu/revision/3964

 15:40 <bdmurray> Monday is a US and Canadian holiday

 15:41 <bdmurray> I'll be working in London on Monday though

 15:41 <bdmurray> cyphermox: Are you taking the holiday or swapping it?

 15:41 <bdmurray> vorlon: Will you be around on Monday?

 15:41 <cyphermox> bdmurray: taking the holiday

 15:42 <bdmurray> Anything else?

 15:43 <bdmurray> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)