== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team, 01 Aug at 15:04 &mdash; 15:44 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2019/ubuntu-meeting.2019-08-01-15.04.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning rounds ===
The discussion about "Lightning rounds" started at 15:05.


=== Release incoming bugs ===
The discussion about "Release incoming bugs" started at 15:12.

  * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-dd-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs 
  * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ee-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs 

=== AOB ===
The discussion about "AOB" started at 15:34.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * rbalint (41)
 * bdmurray (29)
 * cyphermox (22)
 * sil2100 (20)
 * vorlon (13)
 * juliank (12)
 * waveform (10)
 * ubottu (5)
 * meetingology (3)



== Full Log ==


 15:04 <rbalint> #startmeeting Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team

 15:04 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Aug  1 15:04:43 2019 UTC.  The chair is rbalint. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 15:04 <meetingology> 

 15:04 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 15:05 <rbalint> #topic Lightning rounds

 15:05 <cyphermox> o/

 15:05 <rbalint> echo $(shuf -e vorlon bdmurray xnox sil2100 rbalint infinity cyphermox mwhudson juliank waveform)

 15:05 <rbalint> vorlon infinity juliank bdmurray cyphermox sil2100 rbalint mwhudson waveform xnox

 15:07 <vorlon> skip

 15:07 <bdmurray> infinity is away

 15:07 <bdmurray> juliank: !

 15:08 <juliank> - back from debconf

 15:08 <juliank> + installed autopkgtest-cloud on my laptop there

 15:08 <juliank> + gave some talks about apt and triehash

 15:08 <juliank> - fighting debflu

 15:08 <juliank> - processing email backlog

 15:08 <juliank> - discussing with lvm2 upstream about the patch I sent them

 15:08 <juliank> - some dpkg SRU rdep autopkgtest regression test triage

 15:08 <juliank> (done)

 15:08 <bdmurray> converting of daisy to python-cassandra

 15:08 <bdmurray> fixed a traceback in oops-repository when writing data to cassandra

 15:08 <bdmurray> removal of unnecessary data from Error Tracker db for EoL releases

 15:08 <bdmurray> discussion with OEM team regarding apport for debugging

 15:08 <bdmurray> SRU reviews

 15:09 <bdmurray> âœ” done

 15:09 <bdmurray> cyphermox:

 15:09 <cyphermox> him reviews (ours, Oracle, other randoms that were unreproducible/broken)

 15:09 <cyphermox> investigating writable files in /etc on core

 15:09 <cyphermox> spec draft for netplan NetworkManager read/write plugin

 15:09 <cyphermox> spec draft for OVS support

 15:09 <cyphermox> netplan merges: doc fixes, packaging fixes, hashed passwords & dbus activation

 15:09 <cyphermox> more netplan merges / cutting a release in progress

 15:09 <cyphermox> helping slashd with bind9 packaging changes

 15:09 <cyphermox> bug/card work for Japanese era

 15:09 <cyphermox> the first like was "shim reviews"

 15:09 <cyphermox> (done)

 15:09 <bdmurray> sil2100:

 15:09 <sil2100> - SRU reviews and releases

 15:09 <sil2100> - New kernel cycle reviews, re-spins and re-respins, oh gosh

 15:09 <sil2100> - Prepared a linux-firmware-dragonboard410 package with the binary blobs

 15:09 <sil2100> * Not uploaded to NEW yet, staged in a bileto PPA, want to test it with some test classic gadget

 15:10 <sil2100> - Reviewed ubuntu-core u-boot dragonboard patches, pushed them to the u-boot package

 15:10 <sil2100> * Also in the bileto PPA for now

 15:10 <sil2100> - Refreshed base language-pack's for eoan

 15:10 <sil2100> - disk-space-estimate for snaps:

 15:10 <sil2100> * Figured out basics of how ubuntu-release-upgrader code works

 15:10 <sil2100> * Still working on it, but seeing progress

 15:10 <sil2100> - Add handling of block-proposed in sru-report

 15:10 <sil2100> - Looking into ncurses -proposed migration issues

 15:10 <sil2100> - Looking into checking the lvm2 bug on LP builders

 15:10 <sil2100> - Spinning some test images for the kernel guys

 15:10 <sil2100> (done)

 15:10 <bdmurray> sil2100: You could have asked for someone to *mentor* you about u-r-u

 15:10 <rbalint> * verified LP: #1837466

 15:10 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1837466 in ubuntu-meta (Ubuntu Xenial) "[SRU] Please make ubuntu-wsl recommend dbus-x11 " [Undecided,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1837466

 15:10 <rbalint> * fixed skiboot ftbfs

 15:10 <rbalint> * fixed libnfs autopkgtest

 15:10 <rbalint> * merged systemd, poking it to migrate

 15:10 <rbalint> * other discussions

 15:10 <rbalint> (done)

 15:11 <waveform> * Pi 4 boot work:

 15:11 <waveform> * u-boot working on pi4, but serial only (no USB, no screen yet)

 15:11 <waveform> * got u-boot pi4 patches building a version that also works on pi3 (was missing USB config; should work on pi2 as well - untested as yet), so no need to move to conditional config.txt \o/

 15:11 <waveform> * working on updating our -raspi2 kernel patches to support pi4

 15:11 <waveform> * queried upstream on some more precise details of the bootloader (specifically device tree selection and merges)

 15:11 <waveform> (done)

 15:11 <sil2100> bdmurray: I just didn't want to bother my mentor, you know!

 15:12 <rbalint> .. and xnox is away, too

 15:12 <rbalint> #topic Release incoming bugs

 15:12 <rbalint> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-dd-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 15:12 <bdmurray> sil2100: have you looked at bug 1833758 yet?

 15:12 <ubottu> bug 1833758 in lvm2 (Ubuntu) "lvm2: vgcfgbackup in postinst takes several minutes" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1833758

 15:12 <sil2100> bdmurray: yes

 15:12 <sil2100> Left a comment even

 15:13 <bdmurray> whoa!

 15:13 <sil2100> Did you not read it Brian?

 15:13 * bdmurray reads

 15:13 <rbalint> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ee-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 15:13 <bdmurray> vorlon: Do you think we should pass on that bug for EE then?

 15:14 <vorlon> bdmurray: it doesn't look to me like something we should prioritize, no

 15:15 <juliank> I believe they removed some daemons and things are slower now because it's processed in the foreground, but I might be wrong

 15:15 <bdmurray> we could look for a similar debian bug

 15:15 <bdmurray> moving on then bug 1837926

 15:15 <ubottu> bug 1837926 in snapd (Ubuntu) "snapd snap ftbfs in eoan due to python-apt regression" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1837926

 15:16 <juliank> working on that

 15:16 <bdmurray> I'll card it since its a ftbfs

 15:16 <rbalint> are we fixing snap builds in general?

 15:16 <juliank> Well, I have a hack-ish fix already, but want to clean it up a bit

 15:16 <rbalint> i mean i can find all reverse build deps of a package with ratt, but how can i do it with snaps?

 15:16 <juliank> Basically, I broke all code that used md5

 15:18 <bdmurray> that's it for the undecided and high / critical

 15:18 <rbalint> that seems t be all the bugs, let's move to the next part

 15:18 <rbalint> #link http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs

 15:20 <rbalint> (skipping bb incoming because there is not much there)

 15:21 <vorlon> looking much better than it was

 15:21 <rbalint> imagemagick is waiting for mir of libheif1

 15:21 <vorlon> thanks for everyone's work on this!

 15:21 <rbalint> for build-essential i have an mp to blacklist linux-oem-osp1

 15:22 <cyphermox> I'll have another look aat the libheif MIR

 15:22 <cyphermox> and obviously netplan.

 15:23 <rbalint> cyphermox, it seems systemd broke netplan but thanks!

 15:23 <rbalint> i'm looking at network-manager for systemd

 15:23 <cyphermox> sure, I'm going to go look at that

 15:23 <rbalint> so anyone for build-essential's regressions?

 15:24 <vorlon> rbalint: link to your mp please?

 15:24 <vorlon> I can take build-essential, I'd already tried retesting those against release pocket last night

 15:24 <cyphermox> rbalint: looks oddly spread out

 15:24 <vorlon> (I expect they're all badtest)

 15:25 <cyphermox> rbalint: what networkmanager for systemd?

 15:25 <rbalint> vorlon, yes, seems so

 15:25 <rbalint> vorlon, https://code.launchpad.net/~rbalint/britney/autopkgtest-eoan-hints/+merge/370870

 15:25 <rbalint> vorlon, had it in my branch, forgot to file it :-\

 15:26 <rbalint> cyphermox, no, ones for build-essential

 15:26 <rbalint> cyphermox, n-m seems valid :-(

 15:26 <cyphermox> nah, you mentioned you're looking at network-manager for systemd

 15:27 <vorlon> rbalint: ah, I got the version number wrong, thanks I was wondering why those were showing up as failures when I thought I'd already hinted

 15:27 <rbalint> ok, so anyone for nodejs?

 15:28 <cyphermox> rbalint: ok, I see. nm fails because systemd is again trying to be real clever.

 15:28 * vorlon unfolds a newspaper and hides behind it

 15:28 <cyphermox> probably the same failure for netplan, tbh

 15:28 <cyphermox> nodejs, ok

 15:29 <rbalint> cyphermox, i agree that they are trying pack too much smartness in a single project

 15:29 <cyphermox> (that was me saying I'd look at nodejs)

 15:30 <rbalint> cyphermox, thanks!

 15:30 <rbalint> next is file: makedumpfile

 15:31 <rbalint> i take this one

 15:31 <rbalint> because why not :-)

 15:32 <rbalint> i think mwhudson mentioned pinentry

 15:33 <rbalint> i retried the ones for libglib-perl

 15:34 <vorlon> and everything below that is <1 day old not requiring attention now

 15:34 <vorlon> \o/

 15:34 <rbalint> #topic AOB

 15:35 <vorlon> nothing here

 15:35 <bdmurray> I'm hoping some people could test bug 1835711

 15:35 <ubottu> bug 1835711 in apport (Ubuntu) "Ubuntu-bug collects bug data but does not upload it" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1835711

 15:36 <bdmurray> I'm trying to get an idea of how many systems have whoopsie disabled

 15:36 <bdmurray> systemctl is-enabled whoopsie

 15:37 <cyphermox> whoopsie is enabled here

 15:38 <sil2100> It's disabled on my system

 15:38 <bdmurray> sil2100: is it active though?

 15:39 <waveform> bdmurray, would you expect to see it on non-desktop systems?

 15:39 <bdmurray> waveform: "see"?

 15:39 <waveform> it's enabled on my oldxenial desktop, not installed on a bionic container, or an eoan pi image I've currently got running

 15:39 <bdmurray> got it thanks

 15:40 <waveform> sorry - by "see" I meant, would you expect it to be installed (given the lack of installation on the two examples mentioned)

 15:40 <bdmurray> no, not really

 15:40 <rbalint> bdmurray, it is active here on newly installed bionic

 15:40 <bdmurray> rbalint: active and enabled?

 15:40 <rbalint> bdmurray, yes

 15:41 <vorlon> it's active here (as previously mentioned), and that's on an Ubuntu install that's seen some stuff

 15:41 <waveform> also enabled on my ancient xenial server (upgraded from ... gawd knows what, probably precise)

 15:41 <bdmurray> alright I don't think working on bug 1835711 too hard is worth it then.

 15:41 <ubottu> bug 1835711 in apport (Ubuntu) "Ubuntu-bug collects bug data but does not upload it" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1835711

 15:42 <bdmurray> because its not obvious at all why it is disabled on my system.

 15:44 <rbalint> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)