== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team, 29 Aug at 15:04 &mdash; 15:49 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2019/ubuntu-meeting.2019-08-29-15.04.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning rounds ===
The discussion about "Lightning rounds" started at 15:05.


=== Release incoming bugs (eoan) ===
The discussion about "Release incoming bugs (eoan)" started at 15:15.

  * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ee-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs 

=== Release incoming bugs (bionic) ===
The discussion about "Release incoming bugs (bionic)" started at 15:28.

  * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-bb-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs 

=== Team proposed-migration report ===
The discussion about "Team proposed-migration report" started at 15:29.

  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs 

=== Chair selection for next meeting ===
The discussion about "Chair selection for next meeting" started at 15:44.


=== AOB ===
The discussion about "AOB" started at 15:45.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * tdaitx (30)
 * bdmurray (28)
 * xnox (24)
 * juliank (22)
 * rbalint (18)
 * cyphermox (18)
 * sil2100 (15)
 * doko (7)
 * waveform (6)
 * ubottu (6)
 * vorlon (5)
 * meetingology (3)
 * gaughen (3)



== Full Log ==


 15:04 <tdaitx> #startmeeting Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team

 15:04 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Aug 29 15:04:59 2019 UTC.  The chair is tdaitx. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 15:04 <meetingology> 

 15:04 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 15:05 <tdaitx> #topic Lightning rounds

 15:05 <tdaitx> echo $(shuf -e vorlon bdmurray xnox tdaitx doko sil2100 rbalint infinity cyphermox mwhudson juliank waveform)

 15:05 <tdaitx> mwhudson infinity tdaitx cyphermox rbalint doko bdmurray juliank sil2100 xnox waveform vorlon

 15:05 <tdaitx> uh that means me

 15:05 <tdaitx> * worked on proposed-migration

 15:05 <tdaitx> * updated openjdk & ubuntu support timeline (https://time.graphics/line/39488)

 15:05 <tdaitx> * added sysfsutils to gke seed

 15:05 <tdaitx> * worked on improving openjdk-11 autopkgtests

 15:05 <tdaitx> - debugged a few flaky tests

 15:05 <tdaitx> - looked at tests that regressed - either fix/filter them out

 15:05 <bdmurray> indeed it does

 15:05 <tdaitx> * rebuild jck snap for upload

 15:06 <tdaitx> (done)

 15:06 <tdaitx> cyphermox: go! go! =)

 15:07 <cyphermox> just a sec

 15:07 <cyphermox> gah

 15:07 <cyphermox> off next monday

 15:07 <cyphermox> proposed migration: still working on pandas, salt

 15:07 <cyphermox> netplan SRUs

 15:07 <cyphermox> writing autopkgtests for shim

 15:07 <cyphermox> reviewed usb-modeswitch

 15:07 <cyphermox> (done)

 15:07 <bdmurray> rbalint:

 15:08 <rbalint> (on vacation till Monday)

 15:08 <rbalint> * going through email backlog

 15:08 <rbalint> * few meetings

 15:08 <rbalint> * sponsored livecd-rootfs SRUs

 15:08 <rbalint> * got systemd 240-6ubuntu13 migrated and prepared 241-7ubuntu1, waiting for FFe approval

 15:08 <rbalint> * partner work

 15:08 <rbalint> (done)

 15:08 <rbalint> rbalint@

 15:08 <doko> - preparing the 2nd eoan test rebuild, and preparing the lto enabled test rebuild

 15:08 <doko> - updated the Python2 removal tracker, documented Python2 Ubuntu only packages, and preparing bug filings for Debian

 15:08 <doko> - gdb update, a little bit later than feature freeze

 15:08 <doko> - one sick day

 15:08 <doko> - vacation tomorrow Friday, and next Monday

 15:08 <doko> (done)

 15:09 <bdmurray> began a card about discussing automatic upgrade testing for Paris

 15:09 <bdmurray> boggled at core18 not having a stable/ubuntu-19.10 channel which is bad for upgrade testing

 15:09 <bdmurray> bamboozled sil2100 into working on the above u-r-u bug

 15:09 <bdmurray> blabbed with mdeslaur about apport and whoopsie security bugs

 15:09 <bdmurray> bugged ubuntu-security about subscribing to bugs about linftnl

 15:09 <bdmurray> battled with daisy's usage of memory

 15:09 <bdmurray> brooded over sil2100's u-r-u MP regarding snap size estimation

 15:09 <bdmurray> bullied by gaughen into taking more cards

 15:09 <doko> bdmurray: you are two cycles late ...

 15:09 <bdmurray> âœ” baked

 15:10 <vorlon> "basta"

 15:10 <bdmurray> juliank:

 15:10 <gaughen> bedazzled

 15:10 <cyphermox> be next?

 15:10 <juliank> * SRUs!

 15:10 <juliank> - uploaded ubuntu-release-upgrader/xenial: Use HTTPS for changelogs.ubuntu.com (LP: #1744318)

 15:10 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1744318 in update-manager (Ubuntu Xenial) "changelogs.ubuntu.com should be using HTTPS" [Medium,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1744318

 15:10 <juliank> - uploaded packagekit/disco: Use a socket-activated client helper (LP: #1726068)

 15:10 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1726068 in packagekit (Ubuntu Disco) "debconf socket closes if aptdaemon/PK client exits" [Undecided,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1726068

 15:10 <juliank> * python-setuptools proposed-migration fixing:

 15:10 <juliank> - uploaded twisted: Add missing Depends for python{,3}-idna to python{,3}-twisted-core, as they are needed for TLS support

 15:10 <sil2100> Bazulian

 15:10 <juliank> - uploaded django-setuptest: Remove invalid test for python 2 support

 15:10 <juliank> * talking about how to associate repositories with keyrings so that each repo can only be signed by the key that belongs to it

 15:10 <juliank> * off for the weekend, back on Tuesday

 15:10 <juliank> (donnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnne)

 15:11 <sil2100> - Got back from vacation on THIS WEEK'S Tuesday

 15:11 <sil2100> - Reading backlog of e-mail, getting up to speed

 15:11 <sil2100> - SRU reviews and releases

 15:11 <sil2100> - SRU ADT Regression reporter:

 15:11 <sil2100> * Added a few fixes on top of the current code (as it was still broken)

 15:11 <sil2100> * Created bot-account for bug commenting, switched to use it

 15:11 <sil2100> * Enabled reporting once again

 15:11 <sil2100> - Added fixes per Brian's review on the deb-to-snap size estimation in u-r-u

 15:11 <sil2100> - Started looking into testing the u-r-u changes in real upgrade scenarios

 15:11 <sil2100> - Fixed travis CI for core18 caused by newest snapcraft behavior changes

 15:11 <sil2100> - Reviewed u-boot debdiff for nitrogen6x2g support in Ubuntu

 15:11 <sil2100> - Added handling for block-proposed-$SERIES in sru-report

 15:11 <sil2100> - Re-enabled bionic daily image builds, made sure a new core18 got picked up by automation

 15:11 <sil2100> (done)

 15:11 <xnox> sil2100:  i don't like the URLs broken on - and line wrapped in the autopkgtest regression sru emails

 15:11 <xnox> sil2100:  where is the code for it?

 15:12 <xnox> * Help sheparding secureboot signed linux on s390x, now done.

 15:12 <xnox> * Clean up s390x tickets backlog

 15:12 <xnox> * Fixup gzip s390x regression

 15:12 <xnox> * Upload sru for smc-tools

 15:12 <xnox> * Planning uc20 smartsheet

 15:12 <xnox> done

 15:12 <waveform> * Short week (bank holiday)

 15:12 <waveform> * Finished postinst changes for u-boot-rpi to re-write & split "config.txt" to support multiple pi-model-specific u-boot installations on classic (still need to port changes to core)

 15:12 <waveform> * Experimented with ucf for future "config.txt" maintenance

 15:12 <waveform> * Still stripping out irrelevant patches from experimental pi4 kernel

 15:12 <waveform> * Checking u-boot upstream patches for ARMv8 to see if anything improves Pi4 compat

 15:12 <waveform> (done)

 15:13 <vorlon> * proposed-migration

 15:13 <vorlon> * spec reviews

 15:13 <vorlon> * next week, off Monday for Labor Day (not Labour Day)

 15:13 <vorlon> (done)

 15:14 <tdaitx> anything else?

 15:15 <tdaitx> moving on...

 15:15 <tdaitx> #topic Release incoming bugs (eoan)

 15:15 <bdmurray> not re status

 15:15 <tdaitx> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ee-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 15:16 <rbalint> i had one question re status

 15:16 <rbalint> do i need ffe for systemd 241?

 15:16 <bdmurray> bug 1841675 was recently reported

 15:16 <ubottu> bug 1841675 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu) "do-release-upgrade crashed with AttributeError in tryMarkObsoleteForRemoval(): 'Package' object has no attribute 'section'" [Medium,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1841675

 15:16 <rbalint> as xnox pointed out 243 was in proposed once

 15:16 <rbalint> ok, then laterz

 15:17 <gaughen> rbalint, we can talk at the AOB portion

 15:17 <gaughen> tdaitx, ^^

 15:17 <xnox> hm it is odd for a package to not have a section

 15:17 <xnox> i thought it's required?!

 15:17 <rbalint> xnox, maybe it is locally built?

 15:18 <bdmurray> The bug has four duplicates fwiw

 15:18 <rbalint> i think we should take it, to fix upgrades

 15:19 <bdmurray> emoving libedata-cal-1.2-29:amd64 rather than change libebackend-1.2-10:amd64

 15:19 <bdmurray> that shows up more than once

 15:19 <xnox> yeah, that looks backwards.

 15:19 <bdmurray> anyway, lets card it

 15:20 <bdmurray> bug 1841672 has no importance

 15:20 <ubottu> bug 1841672 in ubuntu-mate-meta (Ubuntu) "CryptSetup packages should not be removed by `apt-get autoremove` on system installed with encryption and LVM" [Undecided,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1841672

 15:20 <bdmurray> but seems important

 15:21 <xnox> hm

 15:21 <bdmurray> It wouldn't be MATE specific would it?

 15:21 <xnox> also might be because we install the wrong package (obsolete meta one) instead of cryptsetup-initramfs

 15:22 <juliank> again?

 15:22 <xnox> it should be relevant for anybody using ubiquity, no? or is Mate the one that use their own installer?

 15:22 <xnox> juliank:  oh?

 15:22 <juliank> We had a similar issue where it removed lvm2 and cryptsetup in disco

 15:22 <juliank> or cosmic?

 15:22 <juliank> after I introduced the change that made depends of metapackages automatically installed

 15:22 <xnox> juliank:  yes, but we also keep on installing the wrong support package in-target

 15:23 <juliank> but if it's a metapackage, that should be working?

 15:23 <juliank> or did it get moved in the section

 15:23 <xnox> hmm i see partman-crypto do the right thing now...

 15:23 <xnox> apt-install cryptsetup-initramfs || true

 15:23 <xnox> so it's not that

 15:24 <juliank> I'm not sure what happens if you move packages from metapackages to oldlibs or something

 15:25 <juliank> last one was https://bugs.launchpad.net/bugs/1801629

 15:25 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1801629 in OEM Priority Project "direct dependencies of ubiquity should not be autoremovable" [High,Fix released]

 15:25 <juliank> anyway, should be High

 15:26 <bdmurray> Seems like we should card it too

 15:26 <juliank> yes

 15:26 <bdmurray> okay, I'll do that

 15:26 <juliank> and I should extend the debug output out the script to tell you why it marked stuff as auto so you can follow the chain

 15:27 <juliank> s/out the/of the/

 15:27 <bdmurray> bug 1840122 has a card tag but no task I'll fix that

 15:27 <ubottu> bug 1840122 in linux (Ubuntu) "System fails to reboot from live session or ubiquity-dm - squashfs_read_data failed to read block" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1840122

 15:27 <bdmurray> I think we are done with ee then

 15:28 <tdaitx> #topic Release incoming bugs (bionic)

 15:28 <tdaitx> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-bb-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 15:28 <bdmurray> just this RFKILL thing

 15:28 <xnox> urgh

 15:28 <bdmurray> which looks to be fix committed

 15:29 <tdaitx> moving along then

 15:29 <xnox> it looks good

 15:29 <tdaitx> #topic Team proposed-migration report

 15:29 <tdaitx> #link http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs

 15:30 <juliank> python-setuptools is almost done, just need to figure out why twisted is broken now and why gvfs is

 15:31 <tdaitx> I am working on python-packaging

 15:31 <rbalint> pyyaml was cyphermox's last time :-)

 15:31 <cyphermox> still is, it was part of my status

 15:31 <cyphermox> still working on salt

 15:31 <cyphermox> (three tests left to fix)

 15:37 <cyphermox> who wants lintian? would be best if *I* didn't write it so then I can review

 15:37 <rbalint> cyphermox, i take it

 15:42 <cyphermox> ack

 15:42 <cyphermox> openssl: xnox wants it, apparently

 15:42 <cyphermox> we can move on I guess

 15:44 <xnox> yeap

 15:44 <xnox> tdaitx:  ?

 15:44 <tdaitx> #topic Chair selection for next meeting

 15:44 <tdaitx> echo $(shuf -e vorlon bdmurray xnox tdaitx doko sil2100 rbalint infinity cyphermox mwhudson juliank waveform)

 15:44 <tdaitx> xnox

 15:45 <tdaitx> congrats! =)

 15:45 <cyphermox> wooo

 15:45 <rbalint> :-)

 15:45 <xnox> yeah!

 15:45 <tdaitx> #topic AOB

 15:45 <cyphermox> many people out on Monday?

 15:45 <bdmurray> Monday is a US holiday

 15:48 <rbalint> my only AOB was the systemd FFe, but sil2100 takes a look

 15:49 <tdaitx> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)