== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 14 Mar at 15:02 &mdash; 15:55 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2019/ubuntu-meeting.2019-03-14-15.02.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning round ===
The discussion about "Lightning round" started at 15:02.

  * ''LINK:'' https://launchpad.net/ubuntu/xenial/+queue?queue_state=1&queue_text=ibm-java80 
  * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/ibm-java71/+bug/1818799 
  * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/multipath-tools/+bug/1815599 
  * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/cryptsetup/+bug/1820049 

=== Bugs ===
The discussion about "Bugs" started at 15:17.

  * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-dd-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs 
  * ''LINK:'' https://errors.ubuntu.com/problem/72c621876cfe04b51b37f8f3ef08c3da0460b462 is the most recent errors bucket
  * ''LINK:'' https://github.com/systemd/systemd/pull/11697 has the details

=== proposed-migration ===
The discussion about "proposed-migration" started at 15:41.

  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/disco/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs 

=== AOB ===
The discussion about "AOB" started at 15:50.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * vorlon (74)
 * xnox (45)
 * juliank (39)
 * bdmurray (30)
 * seb128 (30)
 * ubottu (26)
 * rbalint (19)
 * sil2100 (16)
 * cyphermox (10)
 * waveform (8)
 * tdaitx (7)
 * gaughen (5)
 * doko (3)
 * meetingology (3)
 * cjwatson (2)
 * Laney (1)



== Full Log ==


 15:02 <vorlon> #startmeeting

 15:02 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Mar 14 15:02:22 2019 UTC.  The chair is vorlon. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 15:02 <meetingology> 

 15:02 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 15:02 <rbalint> o/

 15:02 <vorlon> [TOPIC] Lightning round

 15:02 <vorlon> $ echo $(shuf -e vorlon bdmurray xnox tdaitx doko sil2100 rbalint infinity cyphermox mwhudson juliank waveform)

 15:02 <vorlon> juliank cyphermox bdmurray xnox waveform mwhudson tdaitx infinity sil2100 rbalint vorlon doko

 15:02 <juliank> one sec

 15:02 <juliank> Let's do the daily version:

 15:03 <juliank> Fri:

 15:03 <juliank> * apt:

 15:03 <juliank> * 1.8.0 release

 15:03 <juliank> * cherry-picking of the new fixes from 1.8.0 to stable branches

 15:03 <juliank> * merging translations down the branches (1.8->1.7->1.6->1.2->trusty)

 15:03 <juliank> - probably should do 1.6->1.4 then 1.4->1.2, though.

 15:03 <juliank> Mon:

 15:03 <juliank> * apt 1.7.4 and 1.6.30 stable release updates

 15:03 <juliank> * python-apt 1.8.4 release, fixing a few locking bugs

 15:03 <juliank> Tue:

 15:03 <juliank> * apt 1.2.31 and 1.0.1ubuntu2.22 stable release updates

 15:03 <juliank> Wed:

 15:03 <juliank> * Updated socket-activated debconf client helper for PackageKit (https://github.com/hughsie/PackageKit/pull/289)

 15:03 <juliank> * some trello card splitting

 15:03 <juliank> Thu:

 15:03 <juliank> * Investigated ubuntu-drivers for aptdaemon usage -> only in tests

 15:03 <juliank> * Merged minimize-manual for live-cdrootfs/bionic

 15:03 <juliank> * Discussed private ppa support for add-apt-repository with ddstreet and cjwatson (bug 645404)

 15:03 <ubottu> bug 645404 in software-properties (Ubuntu) "Support Private PPAs" [Low,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/645404

 15:03 <juliank> * More work on ESM UX

 15:03 <juliank> (done)

 15:03 <cyphermox> grub2 uploaded for adding the http module to EFI binary + plymouth fixes

 15:04 <cyphermox> preparing grub2 SRUs for http module, debconf prompts

 15:04 <cyphermox> cleaning up / revising the packageset update script for the DMB

 15:04 <cyphermox> debugging netplan.io autopkgtests: wifi tests failing on some architectures (on purpose), etc.

 15:04 <cyphermox> prepared and uploaded netplan.io SRUs for bionic, cosmic (now in queue)

 15:04 <cyphermox> (done)

 15:04 <bdmurray> research into how to use prometheus client for the Error Tracker

 15:04 <bdmurray> discussed with IS using a script to convert json instead

 15:04 <bdmurray> worked on conversion of an ET cronjob from pycassa to python cassandra

 15:04 <bdmurray> searched for a gdb patch for bug LP: #1818918

 15:04 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1818918 in gdb (Ubuntu) "gdb doesn't search in debug-file-directory for .gnu_debugaltlink" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1818918

 15:04 <bdmurray> reported ET bug re long LP bug titles (LP: #1819199)

 15:04 <bdmurray> reported apport bug re gdbsandbox and libc6 (LP: #1819230)

 15:04 <bdmurray> review and merge of azzar1's fix for LP: #1816423

 15:04 <bdmurray> worked on lintian issues with ubuntu-release-upgrader

 15:04 <bdmurray> reuploaded distro-info for C and T with proper deps

 15:04 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1819199 in Errors "bug creator can create very long bug titles" [Low,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1819199

 15:04 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1819230 in Apport "gdb sandbox creation should use report's libc6 version" [Medium,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1819230

 15:04 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1816423 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu) "Tells you that livepatch will be disabled when it wasn't enabled before" [Medium,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1816423

 15:04 <bdmurray> done

 15:04 <bdmurray> xnox:

 15:04 <xnox> * Fix up LP: #1805841

 15:04 <xnox> * Completed LP: #1766865 for LUKS2/partman-crypto

 15:04 <xnox> * Fixing up MAAS images for LUKS2 LP: #1818876

 15:04 <xnox> * Upstreaming s390-tools fixes for zkey LUKS2

 15:04 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1805841 in Ubuntu on IBM z Systems "CPI information about kvm usage is lost during apt upgrade" [Medium,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1805841

 15:04 <xnox> * Worked on

 15:04 <xnox> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/atlas/+bug/1814796 to get

 15:04 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1766865 in Ubuntu on IBM z Systems "[19.04 FEAT] Installer support for protected key dm-crypt" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1766865

 15:04 <xnox> to incomplete state, the provided patches FTBFS

 15:04 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1818876 in maas-images "maas images lack enough of crypto for cryptsetup in the ephemeral images" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1818876

 15:04 <xnox> * Worked on

 15:05 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1814796 in Ubuntu on IBM z Systems "[19.04 FEAT] Provide optimized libatlas libraries for different types of z Systems" [Medium,Incomplete]

 15:05 <xnox> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/lvm2/+bug/1817097 to

 15:05 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1817097 in lvm2 "pvmove causes file system corruption without notice upon move from 512 -> 4096 logical block size devices" [Medium,Confirmed]

 15:05 <xnox> incomplete state, actually not critical, well-known, provided

 15:05 <xnox> workaround

 15:05 <xnox> * There are no outstanding foundations actionable items requested by

 15:05 <xnox> IBM for s390x for disco

 15:05 <xnox> = Blocked =

 15:05 <xnox> * Responded to the OpenSSL SRU questions, awaiting for openssl to be accepted

 15:05 <xnox> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/openssl/+bug/1797386

 15:05 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1797386 in openssl (Ubuntu) "[SRU] OpenSSL 1.1.1 to 18.04 LTS" [Undecided,In progress]

 15:05 <xnox> * Parter upload in unapproved

 15:05 <xnox> https://launchpad.net/ubuntu/xenial/+queue?queue_state=1&queue_text=ibm-java80

 15:05 <xnox> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/ibm-java71/+bug/1818799

 15:05 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1818799 in Ubuntu on IBM z Systems "[Comm] IBM JDK 8.0.5.30 integration into Ubuntu" [High,In progress]

 15:05 <xnox> = Bugs to review =

 15:05 <xnox> * multipath bug (out of my breadth, maybe cpa)

 15:05 <xnox> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/multipath-tools/+bug/1815599

 15:05 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1815599 in multipath-tools (Ubuntu) "multipath shows '#:#:#:#' for iscsi device after error injection" [Undecided,New]

 15:05 <xnox> * cryptsetup decrease memory requirement from 1GB to something tolarable

 15:05 <xnox> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/cryptsetup/+bug/1820049

 15:05 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1820049 in cryptsetup (Ubuntu) "cryptsetup 2.1.0 requires excessive amount of RAM ( 1GB ) to luksOpen encrypted drives" [Undecided,New]

 15:05 <xnox> done

 15:06 * sil2100 pokes waveform

 15:07 <waveform> * Finished pi "amazing" spec; in for review

 15:07 <waveform> * Moving RPi patches from livecd-rootfs to linux-firmware-raspi2 (needs review)

 15:07 <waveform> * SRU for RPi.GPIO to bionic / cosmic

 15:07 <waveform> * Upgraded wiringPi package to 2.50 version

 15:07 <gaughen> waveform, it's Pi day!

 15:07 <waveform> * Testing of pi-bluetooth package on Pi3B, 3B+, (need to do 3A+) under arm64 (need to verify armhf)

 15:07 <waveform> * Investigating integration of pi-bluetooth fixes into ubuntu core

 15:07 <waveform> * More reading on ARM trustzone

 15:07 <waveform> (done)

 15:07 <tdaitx> * openjdk-11 bionic security transition

 15:07 <tdaitx> - reviewed & uploaded packages

 15:07 <tdaitx> - bumped & rebuild arch specific packages for cosmic

 15:07 <tdaitx> - prepared openjdk-11 upload for cosmic

 15:07 <tdaitx> * ant fix for mrjar LP: #1808383

 15:07 <tdaitx> * unable to reproduce sweethome3d menu bug (chroot & qemu) LP: #1816791

 15:07 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1808383 in ant (Ubuntu Disco) "Java 9+ multi-release jars are not supported in ant tasks" [Medium,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1808383

 15:07 <tdaitx> (done)

 15:07 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1816791 in sweethome3d (Ubuntu) "18.04 backport doesn't properly display menu entries" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1816791

 15:07 <sil2100> - Friday: out-of-office

 15:07 <sil2100> - A very long and busy DMB meeting

 15:07 <sil2100> - SRU reviews and releases

 15:07 <sil2100> - New kernel cycle starting

 15:07 <sil2100> - Help with package copies for OpenJDK-11 bionic/cosmic

 15:07 <sil2100> - Reviewing Steve's ubuntu-cdimage clean-up branch (first step)

 15:08 <sil2100> - core18

 15:08 <sil2100> * Started cleanup in gadget branch permissions (again)

 15:08 <sil2100> * Released new core18

 15:08 <sil2100> * Prepared updates for gadgets

 15:08 <sil2100> - Packaging the WALA security fix and testing the packages + coordination

 15:08 <sil2100> - Booking for the release sprint

 15:08 <sil2100> - Addressing Laney's review concerns in the ADT-regression bug notifier

 15:08 <sil2100> (done)

 15:08 <rbalint> * added detecting wsl to systemd-detect-virt https://github.com/systemd/systemd/pull/11932

 15:08 <rbalint> * fixed libcec ftbfs with 4.0.4+dfsg1-2 via Debian

 15:08 <rbalint> * uploaded wireshark 3.0.0 to experimental (in NEW now)

 15:08 <rbalint> * tested reboot speed cycles on an old laptop

 15:08 <rbalint> - suggested using dbus for reboot since sudo reboot bypasses inhibitor locks

 15:08 <rbalint> * verified many SRU-d unattended-upgrades bugs for Xenial

 15:08 <rbalint> * partner work

 15:08 <rbalint> (done)

 15:09 <bdmurray> vorlon:

 15:09 <vorlon> * reverting resolvconf SRU due to regressions (LP: #1819625)

 15:09 <vorlon> * TB work

 15:09 <vorlon> * more trusty ESM transition discussions

 15:09 <vorlon> * plotting around secureboot policy transition and FIPS kernels

 15:09 <vorlon> * looking at a possible regression in trusty that may be the kernel refusing to load kernel modules signed with a key it doesn't know, while loading completely unsigned kernels (LP: #1818134)

 15:09 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1819625 in resolvconf (Ubuntu) "Package resolvconf=1.79ubuntu10.18.04.1 broken" [Undecided,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1819625

 15:09 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1818134 in bcmwl (Ubuntu) "modprobe: ERROR: could not insert 'wl': Package not installed ubuntu14.04.5LTS kernel 3.13.0-165-generic" [Undecided,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1818134

 15:09 <vorlon> * debian-cd, cdimage MPs for the desktop team (multilayer squashfs and canary image)

 15:10 <vorlon> (done)

 15:10 <vorlon> doko:

 15:13 <bdmurray> vorlon: so no doko?

 15:13 <vorlon> guess not

 15:13 <vorlon> any questions over status?

 15:14 * juliank has gone sightly mad

 15:15 <vorlon> xnox: on openssl, did you put your response in the SRU bug template?

 15:16 <bdmurray> vorlon: none here

 15:16 <doko> ohh, US summer time?

 15:16 <bdmurray> doko: yeah

 15:17 <doko> sorry, didn't prepare. but still doing openjdk-11 backports

 15:17 <vorlon> ok

 15:17 <vorlon> #topic Bugs

 15:17 <bdmurray> bug 1818953 was assigned to our team

 15:17 <ubottu> bug 1818953 in perl (Ubuntu Disco) "mblen() failing in Perl / Perl core dumping core on UBUNTU 19.04 by executing perl script, multiple architectures" [Critical,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1818953

 15:17 <vorlon> [LINK] http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-dd-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 15:17 <xnox> there is a patch proposed by debina developer

 15:17 * vorlon nods

 15:17 <xnox> if no traction there, will upload into ubuntu

 15:18 <bdmurray> xnox: so should you be the assignee?

 15:18 <xnox> sure

 15:18 <vorlon> there is a trello card as well for it

 15:19 <vorlon> I don't know if infinity took it, we discussed it this week

 15:19 <bdmurray> the card has his symbol

 15:19 <vorlon> xnox: ^^

 15:19 <vorlon> bdmurray: other bugs?

 15:20 <bdmurray> bug 1819427

 15:20 <ubottu> bug 1819427 in ubiquity (Ubuntu) "Disco daily install doens't include the snaps" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1819427

 15:20 <xnox> i am sure both infinity and I would love to just sync it, out of debian

 15:20 <vorlon> xnox: that's fine, but whoever does it, please close out the card so I don't have to look at it again ;)

 15:20 <xnox> bdmurray, i thought some desktopy people mentioned that they are working on it.

 15:21 <seb128> that snap/daily install has been actively looked at by Ken/Will with the snap team and has been handed to the snapd team for investigation now since it looks like a bug on their side

 15:21 <xnox> bdmurray, and strictly not a regression, rather never enabled.

 15:21 <xnox> seb128, oh, ok, thanks.

 15:21 <bdmurray> seb128: should there be another task then?

 15:21 <seb128> xnox, that bug is not about the manifest, it's about the target system missing the seeded snap

 15:21 <seb128> snaps

 15:21 <vorlon> doko: what was never enabled?

 15:22 <vorlon> indeed

 15:22 <xnox> interesting

 15:22 <vorlon> and anyway it doesn't look like a ubiquity bug based on the discussion

 15:22 <seb128> bdmurray, probably, I was waiting for them to figure out the details to triage/Reassign as appropriate

 15:22 <xnox> vorlon, listing snaps in desktop.iso's manifest

 15:22 <seb128> xnox, that's bug #1819287 and didrocks is looking at it

 15:22 <ubottu> bug 1819287 in livecd-rootfs (Ubuntu) "snaps missing from manifests of daily desktop images" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1819287

 15:23 <bdmurray> other than ogra's comment its not clear its been handed off

 15:23 <vorlon> it's being worked through the forum currently

 15:23 <vorlon> I don't believe it's for Foundations to drive

 15:23 <vorlon> maybe assign the bug to chipaca

 15:24 <seb128> (+1 for that)

 15:25 <vorlon> it should be targeted to disco for sure, but unless snap team identifies something in livecd-rootfs, it's not-for-us

 15:25 <gaughen> vorlon, sounds like we should raise it to the snapd team

 15:25 <seb128> it's being discussed atm on #snappy, I don't believe there is action needed on those issues

 15:26 <bdmurray> Okay should we move on then?

 15:26 <vorlon> yes please

 15:26 <bdmurray> Does bug 1396160 seem worth fixing for disco?

 15:26 <ubottu> bug 1396160 in apport (Ubuntu) "/usr/share/apport/recoverable_problem:PermissionError:/usr/share/apport/recoverable_problem@75:main:add_proc_info" [Medium,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1396160

 15:26 <bdmurray> https://errors.ubuntu.com/problem/72c621876cfe04b51b37f8f3ef08c3da0460b462 is the most recent errors bucket

 15:28 <vorlon> bdmurray: are you proposing it because it's currently the spammiest crash for us?

 15:28 <vorlon> if so then +1

 15:28 <bdmurray> Well, that and its a bad user experience getting the crash dialog for no reason. It came up because I hit it too.

 15:29 <bdmurray> Last one, bug 1816812. What is this even about? It doesn't seem very helpful.

 15:29 <ubottu> bug 1816812 in systemd (Ubuntu Disco) "pull seb patch" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1816812

 15:30 <vorlon> bdmurray: right, but we know how many users the spurious dialog is affecting by how many reports we get :)

 15:30 <seb128> all gnome-classic and unity users have their logout not working

 15:30 <seb128> or rather timeouting and taking ages

 15:31 <xnox> sigh

 15:31 <seb128> https://github.com/systemd/systemd/pull/11697 has the details

 15:31 <xnox> ack

 15:31 <seb128> and it's a pretty simple patch

 15:31 <seb128> please just backport it :)

 15:31 <xnox> i think the solution is to merge the bugfix release v241 into disco

 15:31 <vorlon> what could go wrong

 15:31 <xnox> cause our disco systemd is now v240,71

 15:31 <xnox> given the number of patches we have

 15:32 <vorlon> xnox: I don't think we need to micromanage the resolution :) do you agree that we need to get this bug fixed for disco?

 15:32 <xnox> yeah

 15:32 <vorlon> ok. it's targeted, and I'll create a card for it that you can mangle to taste after

 15:33 <seb128> can I ask a rls-bug question/raise a point before you guys move to another topic? or is this meeting not the right venue? (I'm happy to email or go the appropriate way)

 15:33 <vorlon> seb128: go ahead

 15:33 <seb128> my understand of the process was that rls-<nn>-incoming list should be regularly reviewed and driven to 0 by acception or -notfixing things

 15:34 <seb128> but the foundations list has items sitting in place for months

 15:34 <seb128> so I'm unsure if it means we should escalade problems by some other mean?

 15:34 <seb128> e.g bug #1817453 is concerning desktop for the incoming release

 15:34 <ubottu> bug 1817453 in ubiquity (Ubuntu) "19.04 installer displays keyboard layouts in the wrong language" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1817453

 15:34 <seb128> but doesn't seem to get reviewed

 15:34 * xnox doesn't desktop own ubiquity?!

 15:35 * seb128 slaps xnox

 15:35 <vorlon> /kick xnox

 15:35 <sil2100> ;)

 15:35 <vorlon> bdmurray: have you triaged this bug in some other manner?

 15:35 <seb128> that's recent-ish

 15:35 <seb128> bug things like bug #1802337 are on the list since novembre

 15:35 <ubottu> bug 1802337 in ubiquity (Ubuntu) "Please apply security updates during Ubuntu install" [Wishlist,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1802337

 15:35 <bdmurray> vorlon: no

 15:37 <vorlon> seb128: I think in general the volume is such that we don't get through the ones of medium or lower importance

 15:37 <seb128> k, good to know

 15:37 <vorlon> but of course one of these you point out is high

 15:37 <seb128> right

 15:37 <vorlon> bdmurray: should we take LP: #1817453 now?

 15:37 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1817453 in ubiquity (Ubuntu) "19.04 installer displays keyboard layouts in the wrong language" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1817453

 15:37 <cyphermox> seb128: keyboard layouts one is a regression, I'm reasonably sure

 15:38 <bdmurray> vorlon: I think so

 15:38 <seb128> vorlon, well, looking at the report you have 1 critical and 6 high on the list

 15:38 <cyphermox> heh, well, as per the bug obviously

 15:38 <bdmurray> seb128: some of those are tagged and targetted so on both lists

 15:38 <seb128> the process is to tag -notfixing or target/untag though

 15:39 <seb128> items should never stay on -incoming if you respect that

 15:39 <seb128> (we drive our list for desktop to 0 every week and it works)

 15:40 <juliank> the keyboard stuff sounds like an off-by-1 or something bug

 15:40 <vorlon> bdmurray: so do we agree to drive this to 0 in the future, for crit+high?

 15:40 <seb128> vorlon, anyway, I didn't want to derail your meeting too long, I think it would have value to have the list driven to 0, but I also note that usually it would happen for items > medium

 15:41 <bdmurray> vorlon: sure

 15:41 <vorlon> ok

 15:41 <seb128> thx!

 15:41 <vorlon> seb128: thanks for raising

 15:41 <vorlon> [TOPIC] proposed-migration

 15:41 <seb128> np, thx for listening :)

 15:41 <vorlon> [LINK] http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/disco/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs

 15:41 <vorlon> this is looking busier again

 15:41 <vorlon> cyphermox: you have netplan.io in progress, right?

 15:42 <cyphermox> yes

 15:42 <vorlon> xnox: you took fuse-zip last week; any progress?

 15:42 <cyphermox> finally figured a way to fix at least wifis

 15:42 <xnox> vorlon, no progress, no

 15:42 <gaughen> cyphermox, vorlon can we add that to the wiki page for running the meeting - regarding driving crit+high on incoming to zero

 15:43 <gaughen> cyphermox, vorlon and can we start using that wiki page to run the meetings?

 15:43 <vorlon> if the wiki page is linked from an entry point ;)

 15:44 <juliank> um, rbalint, there are a lot of "apt_pkg.pkgsystem_unlock() failed due to not holding the lock but trying to continue" in the u-u test log

 15:44 <vorlon> xnox: are you going to work on it this week?

 15:44 <xnox> yes

 15:44 <vorlon> ok

 15:44 <vorlon> doko: you had claimed epsilon, I think?

 15:44 <cjwatson> 

 15:44 <rbalint> juliank, yes, this is a workaround for the lock being lost

 15:45 <vorlon> (python-scipy is no longer blocking things except for python-numpy, hurray for regressions in release)

 15:45 <juliank> rbalint: but i thought we fixed it so we don't lose it anymore

 15:45 <gaughen> vorlon, yes, we'll make that so #1

 15:45 <doko> vorlon: yes, still on my list, didn't find the time yet

 15:45 <vorlon> ok

 15:45 <rbalint> juliank, i hoped, but then python-apt/apt still looses it

 15:45 <rbalint> juliank, it seems

 15:45 <rbalint> juliank, it think it became better

 15:46 <vorlon> e2fsprogs is blocked by initramfs-tools, which is a false-positive, just needs rerun now that mwhudson and I have fixed busybox vs isc-dhcp client (have clicked the button now)

 15:46 <vorlon> but also blocked by systemd/arm64

 15:46 <vorlon> xnox: ^^ ?

 15:46 <rbalint> juliank, is it in disco?

 15:46 <juliank> yeah

 15:46 <xnox> vorlon, lovely

 15:46 <vorlon> xnox: not lovely, racy

 15:46 <xnox> vorlon, i had analysis pinged to me about arm64 from Laney, need to upload that.

 15:46 <vorlon> I've clicked that button now too

 15:46 <vorlon> ok

 15:47 <rbalint> juliank, at least if you see that now often it became more reproducible :-)

 15:47 <vorlon> python-numpy + python-scipy, I don't know if we have a path forward on resolving that

 15:47 <juliank> rbalint: it's in the most recent autopkgtest logs where I see it

 15:47 <vorlon> we've badtest'ed python-scipy in release, so maybe we should just do the same for the proposed version

 15:48 <juliank> 657 messages like that in the latest

 15:48 * Laney fluffles xnox

 15:49 <vorlon> fwiw Debian isn't shipping the new scipy or the new numpy yet

 15:49 <juliank> rbalint: this should not happen at all, it should be calling apt_pkg.pkgsystem_unlock_inner

 15:49 <vorlon> and lintian is the same issue as last time

 15:50 <vorlon> so I think that covers the p-m stuff that currently needs attention

 15:50 <juliank> so, somehow, u-u ends up getting an AttributeError on apt_pkg.pkgsystem_unlock_inner()

 15:50 <rbalint> juliank, it used to work

 15:50 <vorlon> and juliank and rbalint are getting ahead on u-u + python-apt before the report marks it as 'late', +1

 15:50 <vorlon> [TOPIC] AOB

 15:50 <vorlon> anything else?

 15:51 <cjwatson> (sorry for the noise, dodgy connection)

 15:52 <juliank> ah, no, it's upgrading debian testing, that's not going to help :)

 15:52 <juliank> um, stable

 15:52 <juliank> debian stable never got any of the frontend locking stuff or the locking fixes

 15:53 <rbalint> juliank, it is upgrading snapshots, i'll move to newer snapshot points

 15:54 <juliank> well, that won't help, as there are no fixes in later snapshots either :)

 15:54 <rbalint> juliank, no fix in sid?

 15:54 <juliank> Well, yes, in sid

 15:54 <juliank> but that looks like a install security updates in stable test?

 15:54 <juliank> maybe I'm wrong

 15:54 <rbalint> which log are you looking at?

 15:55 <juliank> the latest

 15:55 <vorlon> you two can have the side conversation post-meeting ;)

 15:55 <vorlon> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)