== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team, 28 Nov at 16:01 &mdash; 16:32 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2019/ubuntu-meeting.2019-11-28-16.01.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning rounds ===
The discussion about "Lightning rounds" started at 16:01.


=== Release incoming bugs ===
The discussion about "Release incoming bugs" started at 16:11.

  * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-dd-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs 
  * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ff-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs 

=== Team proposed-migration report ===
The discussion about "Team proposed-migration report" started at 16:22.

  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs 

=== AOB ===
The discussion about "AOB" started at 16:29.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * sil2100 (67)
 * juliank (16)
 * rbalint (10)
 * ubottu (10)
 * doko (9)
 * waveform (9)
 * cyphermox (8)
 * tdaitx (7)
 * meetingology (3)



== Full Log ==


 16:01 <sil2100> #startmeeting Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team

 16:01 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Nov 28 16:01:13 2019 UTC.  The chair is sil2100. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:01 <meetingology> 

 16:01 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 16:01 <sil2100> #topic Lightning rounds

 16:01 <sil2100> echo $(shuf -e vorlon bdmurray xnox tdaitx doko sil2100 rbalint infinity cyphermox mwhudson juliank waveform)

 16:01 <sil2100> bdmurray cyphermox vorlon xnox rbalint doko tdaitx sil2100 mwhudson infinity juliank waveform

 16:01 <sil2100> I guess bdmurray is off today?

 16:02 <sil2100> cyphermox: ^

 16:03 <cyphermox> yep

 16:03 <cyphermox> -shim rviews

 16:03 <cyphermox> - netplan NM plugin: building libnetplan, compiling against it for NM reader code

 16:03 <cyphermox> - grub bionic SRU for loopback support

 16:04 <cyphermox> - preparing walinuxagent update and testing that

 16:04 <cyphermox> (done)

 16:04 <sil2100> vorlon is off today, so xnox: ^

 16:05 <sil2100> I guess no xnox around?

 16:05 <sil2100> rbalint: ^

 16:05 <rbalint> * partner work

 16:05 <rbalint> * fix & SRUs for LP: #1853343

 16:05 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1853343 in wslu (Ubuntu Eoan) "[SRU] Please detect sound and X server in WSL2, too" [Undecided,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1853343

 16:05 <rbalint> * triaging & SRUs for LP: #1853861

 16:05 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1853861 in unattended-upgrades (Ubuntu Bionic) "[SRU] Unattended-upgrades silently does not apply updates when MinimalSteps is disabled and there are autoremovable kernels" [Undecided,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1853861

 16:05 <rbalint> * uploaded vmdk-stream-converter to experimental again

 16:05 <rbalint> * merges: console-setup, acpid

 16:05 <rbalint> * trainings

 16:05 <rbalint> * fix and SRU for LP: #1848211 , in focal-proposed

 16:05 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1848211 in valgrind (Ubuntu Focal) "[SRU] valgrind fails to use debug symbols from glib/gtk" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1848211

 16:05 <rbalint> (done)

 16:06 <sil2100> doko: ^

 16:07 <sil2100> Ok, let's skip doko as well

 16:07 <sil2100> tdaitx: ^

 16:07 <tdaitx> * dl-lookup error on libjawt (LP: #1838740)

 16:07 <tdaitx> - comparing results with adoptopenjdk jdk-11 build

 16:07 <tdaitx> - openjdk-lts rebuilds to test some changes

 16:07 <tdaitx> * apport fixes (LP: #1851806)

 16:07 <tdaitx> * openjdk reports on error tracker

 16:07 <tdaitx> (done)

 16:07 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1838740 in openjdk-lts (Ubuntu Focal) "libjawt.so inconsistency lets JVM crash" [Undecided,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1838740

 16:07 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1851806 in apport (Ubuntu) "'module' object has no attribute 'O_PATH'" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1851806

 16:08 <tdaitx> sil2100: go ahead ;-)

 16:08 <sil2100> - Kernel reviews, lots of different kernel cranking

 16:08 <sil2100> - SRU reviews and releases

 16:08 <sil2100> - Work on new Pi images and stuff

 16:08 <sil2100> - Training

 16:08 <sil2100> - Did more testing of the langpack sanity-report, merged it to l-o-m

 16:08 <sil2100> - Uploaded ubuntu-image 1.8 to focal and the SRU queues, waiting for review

 16:08 <sil2100> - Looked into ubuntu-image system-boot partition not having expected label - all good

 16:08 <sil2100> - Did some test builds of the imx6 images - some livecd-rootfs/cdimage changes needed for multi-volume support

 16:08 <sil2100> - Investigating screen-reader not staying enabled after installation on the target system

 16:08 <sil2100> * This seemed to have regressed with our switch to gnome

 16:08 <sil2100> - Booking travel

 16:08 <sil2100> (done)

 16:09 <doko> oops

 16:09 <doko> - Python 3.6/3.7 backports now in bionic/cosmic/eoan

 16:09 <doko> - binutils 2.34 packaging done.

 16:09 <doko> - Updated GCC packaging to not build all the -dbg packages

 16:09 <doko> - Started with GCC 10 packaging. Need to get this into a state that I can do test rebuilds before the Christmas break.

 16:09 <doko> - Some Python2 removal / Python 3.8 work.

 16:09 <doko> (done)

 16:09 <juliank> no mwhudson, no infinity probably

 16:09 <juliank> * working half days

 16:09 <juliank> * Merged a ton of APT and python-apt merge requests

 16:09 <juliank> * More APT patterns

 16:09 <juliank> * Debugged why apt 1.8.4 sru fails tests (need to sru https://git.dpkg.org/cgit/dpkg/dpkg.git/diff/?id=6e42d508d)

 16:09 <juliank> (done)

 16:09 <juliank> waveform:

 16:09 <waveform> * Testing several arm64 pi images related to LP: #1854347

 16:09 <waveform> - Numerous theories tested including boot script contents, header contents, CRC calculations, and finally low-level file-system details (ubuntu-image using mcopy to populate the fs); nothing has panned out so far, although several possibilities have been verifiably eliminated

 16:09 <waveform> - Prepped reverted flash-kernel as a temporary fix until root cause can be established

 16:09 <waveform> - Tested arm64 image built with reverted flash-kernel; boots successfully on 3, 3+, and 4

 16:09 <waveform> * Verified LP: #1311056, investigating patches

 16:09 <waveform> (done)

 16:10 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1854347 in flash-kernel (Ubuntu Eoan) "Boot hang on Pi3B+ arm64 images with the latest boot.scr" [Undecided,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1854347

 16:10 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1311056 in python-apt (Ubuntu) "apt-add-repository adds duplicate commented/disabled source lines" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1311056

 16:11 <sil2100> #topic Release incoming bugs

 16:11 <sil2100> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-dd-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 16:11 <sil2100> Whoops

 16:11 <sil2100> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ff-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 16:12 <sil2100> Let's do this!

 16:13 <sil2100> LP: #1845529 - did someone pick this one up?

 16:13 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1845529 in bash-completion (Ubuntu) "bash completion shows `awk: line 18: function gensub never defined` on `umount /dev/<Tab>`" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1845529

 16:13 <sil2100> Since it feels familiar

 16:14 <sil2100> Let's card it

 16:17 <sil2100> LP: #1852772

 16:17 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1852772 in software-properties (Ubuntu) "test_updates_interval fails on focal" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1852772

 16:18 <sil2100> This might be easy to fix

 16:18 <sil2100> Anyone want to pick that up? I see Corey already has a proposed fix

 16:18 <sil2100> Might be just a matter of releasing that

 16:18 <sil2100> Any volunteers?

 16:19 <sil2100> Ok, let's card it for now

 16:20 <sil2100> LP: #1852773

 16:20 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1852773 in software-properties (Ubuntu) "test failures on focal due to missing build-depends on gpg and gpg-agent" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1852773

 16:20 <sil2100> Another one that seems to be solved?

 16:21 <sil2100> Ok, so that's on cyphermox!

 16:21 <sil2100> He'll make it all better

 16:21 <sil2100> ;)

 16:22 <sil2100> Let's move on

 16:22 <sil2100> #topic Team proposed-migration report

 16:22 <sil2100> #link http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs

 16:23 <sil2100> hm, ok, that's a lot of packages and actually not a lot of us around today

 16:23 <sil2100> Is anyone working on any of those currently?

 16:23 <rbalint> mines are: python-colorama/valinor, dijitso, libcap2

 16:23 <sil2100> rbalint: I also see systemd blocking a few

 16:24 <sil2100> rbalint: could you take a look at those if you have cycles?

 16:24 <rbalint> sil2100, sure

 16:24 <juliank> I could look at lz4 blocked by mysql and/or gawk blocked by txt2man

 16:24 <sil2100> Thanks guys

 16:25 <sil2100> Anyone else wants to pick something up while we're at it?

 16:25 <doko> juliank: lz4 needs a MIR, llvm started depending on it

 16:25 <waveform> I can check some of the things blocking psycopg2

 16:25 <sil2100> We're lacking in people so we won't be able to get all assigned

 16:26 <waveform> yeah, I'll take postgresql-multicorn and possibly another (just checking)

 16:26 <doko> shouldn't we leave the postgres stuff to the server team?

 16:26 <juliank> doko: ok

 16:27 <sil2100> doko: we could, but I guess it's also something waveform knows, so maybe he could just 'fix it'

 16:27 <sil2100> hm, I could try looking at the apport ones, but I didn't look into what's up there yet

 16:29 <sil2100> Ok, I guess that's as much as we can do here right now

 16:29 <sil2100> #topic AOB

 16:29 <sil2100> Everyone booked for travel?

 16:30 <juliank> missing #topic Chair selection for next meeting?

 16:30 <cyphermox> yep

 16:30 <juliank> yes

 16:30 <waveform> yup

 16:30 <sil2100> juliank: we don't do that anymore!

 16:30 <juliank> hmm

 16:30 <sil2100> juliank: you've been out for too long!

 16:30 <sil2100> juliank: so nowadays bdmurray is always the chair, I'm filling up for him since he said he might be out

 16:31 <sil2100> Because of turkey

 16:31 <juliank> yes, true

 16:31 <juliank> template needs update :D

 16:31 <sil2100> s/up/in?

 16:31 <sil2100> juliank: I don't see it on cyphermox's template though!

 16:31 <juliank> but on https://wiki.ubuntu.com/FoundationsTeam/MeetingScript

 16:31 <sil2100> Ah

 16:32 <sil2100> I didn't even know about that one

 16:32 <cyphermox> well it's also usually bdmurray now

 16:32 <juliank> yup

 16:32 <sil2100> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)