== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting: AZLoco revalidation: https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ArizonaTeam/Re-VerificationApplication2019, 14 Oct at 20:04 &mdash; 20:28 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2019/ubuntu-meeting.2019-10-14-20.04.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== AZLoco Revalidation. https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ArizonaTeam/Re-VerificationApplication2019 ===
The discussion about "AZLoco Revalidation. https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ArizonaTeam/Re-VerificationApplication2019" started at 20:05.

  * ''Vote:'' revalidate AZ? (Carried)
  * ''ACTION:'' clean loco wiki agenda
  * ''ACTION:'' take care of AZ revalidation



== Vote results ==

 * [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2019/ubuntu-meeting.2019-10-14-20.04.log.html#37 revalidate AZ?]]
  * Motion carried (For/Against/Abstained 4/0/0)
   *  Voters Letozaf_, kenvandine, gsilvapt, nhaines



== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * gsilvapt (39)
 * meetingology (22)
 * nhaines (13)
 * kenvandine (12)
 * Letozaf_ (11)
 * kyrofa (0)



== Full Log ==


 20:04 <gsilvapt> #startmeeting loco_council

 20:04 <meetingology> Meeting started Mon Oct 14 20:04:12 2019 UTC.  The chair is gsilvapt. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 20:04 <meetingology> 

 20:04 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 20:04 <gsilvapt> #chair gsilvapt

 20:04 <meetingology> Current chairs: gsilvapt

 20:05 <gsilvapt> #meetingbot topic AZLoco Revalidation:https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ArizonaTeam/Re-VerificationApplication2019

 20:05 <gsilvapt> #meetingtopic AZLoco revalidation: https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ArizonaTeam/Re-VerificationApplication2019

 20:05 <kenvandine> Hello everyone

 20:05 <gsilvapt> oopsie, I believe that was not the command I wanted :D

 20:05 <Letozaf_> o/

 20:05 <gsilvapt> #topic AZLoco Revalidation. https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ArizonaTeam/Re-VerificationApplication2019

 20:06 <gsilvapt> Hello everyone. We are gathered today to take care of our good friends from the AZ LoCo. Anyone here to represent them?

 20:06 <kenvandine> Seems they have been having regular meetings this year, I did a spot check of their mailing lists

 20:07 <gsilvapt> Since we requested them, they seem to be taking a bit more care with their wikis and such

 20:07 <kenvandine> yeah

 20:08 <gsilvapt> Seems there is no one around here from their LoCo

 20:08 <nhaines> It looks like they're reaching out to LUGs, and I know they're active there.  They help California out with SCALE most years.

 20:09 <Letozaf_> It seems a very active team

 20:10 <gsilvapt> Seems so, yes. They are improving a lot. Last time, if I recall correctly, we had some doubts about them but they seem on spot now

 20:11 <nhaines> It looks like they solidly addressed the documentation issue we had.

 20:11 <Letozaf_> they have put pictures here of the events: https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ArizonaTeam/TeamInstallfests

 20:11 <kenvandine> i'm not seeing any of the people involved in the meeting

 20:11 <nhaines> I wonder if they had a timezone misidentification.

 20:12 <gsilvapt> If I also recall correctly, they didn't have anyone representing them as well last time :D

 20:12 <kenvandine> i like what i'm seeing though

 20:12 <nhaines> Well, I like what I see, anyway.

 20:13 <nhaines> Usually we create a private bug on Launchpad to handle any questions offline, but I don't think I have any questions for them.

 20:13 <kenvandine> i don't

 20:13 <Letozaf_> they seem ok also for me

 20:13 <kenvandine> shall we vote?

 20:13 <gsilvapt> yes, lets vote then

 20:13 <Letozaf_> yes

 20:13 <nhaines> I vote we vote!

 20:13 <kenvandine> lol

 20:13 <kenvandine> +1

 20:13 <gsilvapt> #vote revalidate AZ?

 20:13 <meetingology> Please vote on: revalidate AZ?

 20:13 <meetingology> Public votes can be registered by saying +1, +0 or -1 in channel, (for private voting, private message me with 'vote +1/-1/+0 #channelname)

 20:14 <Letozaf_> +1

 20:14 <meetingology> +1 received from Letozaf_

 20:14 <kenvandine> +1

 20:14 <meetingology> +1 received from kenvandine

 20:14 <nhaines> +1

 20:14 <meetingology> +1 received from nhaines

 20:14 <gsilvapt> Damn, forgot to add the attendees to the meeting -.-

 20:14 <gsilvapt> +1

 20:14 <meetingology> +1 received from gsilvapt

 20:14 <gsilvapt> kyrofa, only you missing, I believe

 20:14 <kenvandine> yeah, and i don't think he'll be here

 20:14 <gsilvapt> #voters kenvandine nhaines kyrofa Letozaf_

 20:14 <meetingology> Current voters: Letozaf_ kenvandine kyrofa nhaines

 20:14 <gsilvapt> #voters gsilvapt

 20:14 <meetingology> Current voters: Letozaf_ gsilvapt kenvandine kyrofa nhaines

 20:14 <gsilvapt> +1

 20:14 <meetingology> +1 received from gsilvapt

 20:14 <gsilvapt> +1

 20:14 <meetingology> +1 received from gsilvapt

 20:15 <Letozaf_> +1

 20:15 <meetingology> +1 received from Letozaf_

 20:15 <nhaines> +1

 20:15 <meetingology> +1 received from nhaines

 20:15 <gsilvapt> Ok, seems to be fine

 20:15 <kenvandine> +1

 20:15 <meetingology> +1 received from kenvandine

 20:15 <gsilvapt> The majority of the votes is +1 but I would still like to have his input on the record

 20:16 <nhaines> Well, we do have a quorum, at least.

 20:17 <gsilvapt> I'm giving a couple more moinutes to see if he gets around though

 20:20 <gsilvapt> Well, there goes 5 minutes. perhaps he got stuck somewhere

 20:20 <gsilvapt> I'm ending the vote so we can move on

 20:21 <gsilvapt> #endvote

 20:21 <meetingology> Voting ended on: revalidate AZ?

 20:21 <meetingology> Votes for:4 Votes against:0 Abstentions:0

 20:21 <meetingology> Motion carried

 20:21 <gsilvapt> #action clean loco wiki agenda

 20:21 * meetingology clean loco wiki agenda

 20:21 <gsilvapt> #action take care of AZ revalidation

 20:21 * meetingology take care of AZ revalidation

 20:21 <gsilvapt> Who wants to take care of which items?

 20:22 <nhaines> I can revalidate AZ

 20:22 <Letozaf_> I can clean the wiki

 20:22 <gsilvapt> I should've created the items with your nicknames. Dumb me.

 20:22 <gsilvapt> Thank you though

 20:23 <gsilvapt> Is there anything else to discuss?

 20:25 <nhaines> I don't think so.

 20:26 <gsilvapt> Alrighty then, I'm ending this meeting.

 20:26 <gsilvapt> thank you everyone for joining.

 20:26 <gsilvapt> We will need to take care of replacements for some of us in the council, right?

 20:26 <gsilvapt> Not sure if that should also be an action item or not

 20:27 <nhaines> That's technically the job of the Community Council.

 20:27 <Letozaf_> I have to leave now, eventually let me know about the replacements...

 20:27 <Letozaf_> o/

 20:27 <nhaines> Bye Letozaf_!

 20:27 <gsilvapt> nhaines, how do we escalate the problem?

 20:27 <Letozaf_> bye

 20:28 <gsilvapt> Bye, Letozaf_

 20:28 <gsilvapt> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)