== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team, 16 May at 15:04 &mdash; 15:25 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2019/ubuntu-meeting.2019-05-16-15.04.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning rounds ===
The discussion about "Lightning rounds" started at 15:04.


=== Team proposed-migration report ===
The discussion about "Team proposed-migration report" started at 15:14.

  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs 

=== AOB ===
The discussion about "AOB" started at 15:25.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * bdmurray (25)
 * waveform (20)
 * sil2100 (20)
 * rbalint (16)
 * cyphermox (11)
 * ubottu (8)
 * meetingology (3)
 * xnox (2)
 * vorlon (2)



== Full Log ==


 15:04 <waveform> #startmeeting Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team

 15:04 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu May 16 15:04:08 2019 UTC.  The chair is waveform. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 15:04 <meetingology> 

 15:04 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 15:04 <waveform> #topic Lightning rounds

 15:04 <waveform> echo $(shuf -e vorlon bdmurray xnox tdaitx doko sil2100 rbalint infinity cyphermox mwhudson juliank waveform)

 15:04 <waveform> sil2100 infinity doko waveform juliank rbalint mwhudson xnox tdaitx vorlon bdmurray cyphermox

 15:05 <cyphermox> #notrigged

 15:05 <vorlon> noawaittrigged

 15:05 <waveform> not at all :)

 15:06 <waveform> sil2100, ?

 15:06 <sil2100> Aaaaa

 15:06 <sil2100> Ok, I'm not ready at all I noticed

 15:06 <sil2100> Please skip me, I'll go last

 15:06 <waveform> okay, me then:

 15:06 <waveform> * Finished off pi-spec (out for review again)

 15:06 <waveform> * Merging flash-kernel the old way (with m-o-m)

 15:06 <waveform> * One visit to Robie later, merging flash-kernel *again* with git-ubuntu

 15:06 <waveform> * If I never see flash-kernel again, it'll be too soon

 15:06 <waveform> * But now it needs reviewing...

 15:06 <waveform> (done)

 15:07 <vorlon> waveform: where is it available for review?

 15:07 <cyphermox> ugh, flash-kernel :(

 15:07 <waveform> vorlon, pushed to a git branch on launchpad - will propose for merge once the ppa's finished building it and I've given it one more test

 15:08 <sil2100> I'll look at it once it's sanity-tested

 15:08 <waveform> sil2100, ta

 15:08 <bdmurray> is doko about?

 15:09 <bdmurray> juliank: is out this afternoon so rbalint?

 15:09 <rbalint> (short weeks due to being sick :-()

 15:09 <rbalint> * verified round of unattended-upgrades srus

 15:09 <rbalint> * provided patch for LP: #1808446

 15:09 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1808446 in Onboard "UnicodeDecodeError in AcpidListener" [Undecided,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1808446

 15:09 <rbalint> * updated systemd fix again for LP: #1803993

 15:09 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1803993 in systemd (Ubuntu) "Password appears on the VT1 screen" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1803993

 15:10 <rbalint> * sru-d and verified kbd's LP: #520546

 15:10 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 520546 in linux (Ubuntu Disco) "Alt+KEY incorrectly behaves like Ctrl+Alt+KEY, and/or unwanted VT switch from Alt+Left/Right" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/520546

 15:10 <rbalint> * fixing LP: #1827930, review pending for all releases

 15:10 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1827930 in livecd-rootfs (Ubuntu) "[SRU] Please generate tarball for WSL" [Undecided,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1827930

 15:10 <rbalint> * merged netkit-tftp

 15:10 <rbalint> * synced globs to drop merged Ubuntu delta

 15:10 <rbalint> * synced txtorcon to drop Python 2 binary package and already merged carried patch

 15:10 <rbalint> * synced ofono-phonesim to drop delta adding upstart job and systemd service and phone simulator setup script

 15:10 <rbalint> (done)

 15:10 <bdmurray> tdaitx: ?

 15:11 <bdmurray> well I'm here so I'll go

 15:11 <bdmurray> was educated about auto-upgrade-testing by jibel

 15:11 <bdmurray> submitted MP for auto-upgrade-testing-specifications re dropping A to B upgrade testing

 15:11 <bdmurray> merged auto-upgrade-testing-specifications changes w/ upgrades from C to D, D to E, dropping upgrades with edubuntu

 15:12 <bdmurray> submitted MP for auto-upgrade-testing regarding using the dist-upgrade from -proposed

 15:12 <bdmurray> fixed existing flake8 issues with auto-upgrade-testing which blocked CI

 15:12 <bdmurray> dug into and resolved issue with DistUpgradeNonInteractive failing LP: #1796193

 15:12 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1796193 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu Bionic) "DistUpgradeViewNonInteractive crashes / requires interaction" [Undecided,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1796193

 15:12 <bdmurray> wrote a test for LP: #1796193, uploaded SRUs of it for B, C, D

 15:12 <bdmurray> uploaded SRU fix for LP: #1824866 regarding B

 15:12 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1824866 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu Bionic) "python3-distupgrade missing a dep on python3-distro-info" [Medium,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1824866

 15:12 <bdmurray> verified the fix for the above SRU for C and D

 15:12 <bdmurray> "special" SRU reviews for cloud-init, initramfs-tools, ubuntu-image, and horizon

 15:12 <bdmurray> recreated bug 1825211 thanks to info from automatic upgrade testing

 15:12 <ubottu> bug 1825211 in dpkg (Ubuntu) "package menu 2.1.47ubuntu3 failed to install/upgrade: triggers looping, abandoned" [Undecided,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1825211

 15:12 <bdmurray> meetings regarding rls- tagged bug backlog and review of bugs

 15:12 <bdmurray> done

 15:12 <bdmurray> cyphermox:

 15:12 <cyphermox> looking into 令和 (Reiwa) era support gaps (and an old glibc wcwidth rls-x bug that seems related)

 15:12 <cyphermox> netplan.io SRU verification

 15:12 <cyphermox> reviewing old rls-* bugs with Brian and Julian

 15:12 <cyphermox> more revising of the DKMS whitepaper

 15:13 <cyphermox> sponsored dkms fix for OBSOLETE_BY (bug LP: #1828948)

 15:13 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1828948 in DKMS "OBSOLETE_BY in DKMS.CONF not work" [Undecided,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1828948

 15:13 <cyphermox> started work on netplan feature flags / netplan info command

 15:13 <cyphermox> PR reviews and minor bugfix for netplan

 15:13 <cyphermox> (done)

 15:13 <waveform> so, just sil2100?

 15:13 <sil2100> - SRU reviews and releases

 15:13 <sil2100> - First monthly SRU meeting

 15:13 <sil2100> - Some kernel SRU work

 15:13 <sil2100> - Preparing base translations for eoan, setting up langpack-o-matic schedule

 15:13 <sil2100> - Some code reviews of livecd-rootfs and autopkgtest branches

 15:13 <sil2100> - Preparing and uploading ubuntu-image 1.7, started testing

 15:13 <sil2100> - Spec reviews (pi amazing, core release process)

 15:13 <sil2100> - Finished up latest changes to the core18 promotion scripts, finalizing jenkins jobs

 15:13 <bdmurray> I went to that SRU meeting

 15:13 <sil2100> - Started work on the flash-kernel merge with Dave (gave a quick overview of what's what)

 15:13 <sil2100> - Some pre-NEW package review work

 15:13 <sil2100> - Looking into the grub package update cases in preinstalled u-i built classic images

 15:13 <sil2100> (done)

 15:14 <waveform> #topic Team proposed-migration report

 15:14 <waveform> #link http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs

 15:14 <bdmurray> We are going to skip the rls tagged bugs this week since we are not many.

 15:15 <rbalint> lintian is still on upstream

 15:15 <bdmurray> waiting on?

 15:15 <rbalint> yes

 15:16 <bdmurray> I forget has anybody looked at libnet-ssleay-perl?

 15:17 <cyphermox> I don't remember if we talked about it before

 15:18 <bdmurray> it looks like it was xnox's upload last

 15:19 <sil2100> Seeing that xnox's not really here right now, let's assign it to it

 15:19 <sil2100> s/it/him

 15:20 <rbalint> curl is xnox's too :-)

 15:20 <rbalint> systemd general flakiness is on my plate

 15:20 <xnox> hahahhahahha

 15:20 <xnox> ok

 15:20 <bdmurray> LocutusOfBorg: Are you planning on looking at curl?

 15:21 <sil2100> ;D

 15:25 <waveform> #topic AOB

 15:25 <sil2100> Not from me

 15:25 <bdmurray> Nor me

 15:25 <rbalint> nope

 15:25 <waveform> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)