== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team, 26 Sep at 15:02 &mdash; 15:28 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2019/ubuntu-meeting.2019-09-26-15.02.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning rounds ===
The discussion about "Lightning rounds" started at 15:02.


=== Release incoming bugs (eoan) ===
The discussion about "Release incoming bugs (eoan)" started at 15:07.

  * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ee-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs 

=== Release incoming bugs (bionic) ===
The discussion about "Release incoming bugs (bionic)" started at 15:26.

  * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-bb-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs 

=== Team proposed-migration report ===
The discussion about "Team proposed-migration report" started at 15:26.

  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs 

=== Chair selection for next meeting ===
The discussion about "Chair selection for next meeting" started at 15:27.


=== AOB ===
The discussion about "AOB" started at 15:27.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * xnox (49)
 * bdmurray (30)
 * tdaitx (11)
 * juliank (8)
 * ubottu (8)
 * vorlon (8)
 * cyphermox (5)
 * waveform (4)
 * meetingology (3)
 * tsimonq2 (3)
 * gaughen (3)
 * doko (1)



== Full Log ==


 15:02 <xnox> #startmeeting Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team

 15:02 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Sep 26 15:02:18 2019 UTC.  The chair is xnox. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 15:02 <meetingology> 

 15:02 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 15:02 <xnox> #topic Lightning rounds

 15:02 <xnox> xnox mwhudson doko juliank waveform cyphermox sil2100 vorlon infinity bdmurray tdaitx rbalint

 15:02 <xnox> * back from All Systems Go conference on Monday

 15:02 <xnox> * Tuesday was swap day

 15:02 <xnox> * Sent in All Systems Go report

 15:02 <xnox> * Expenses / insurance claims

 15:02 <xnox> * TODO Plumbers conference notes

 15:02 <xnox> * Debugging with frank linux v5.3 failing to online DASD drives under z/VM only

 15:02 <xnox> (escalated to IBM)

 15:02 <xnox> * Trying to fix grub-installer with all-in-one lvm install and failing

 15:02 <xnox> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/debian-installer/+bug/1838525

 15:02 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1838525 in grub-installer (Ubuntu) "LVM setup fails to install grub on virtio storage" [Critical,Triaged]

 15:03 <xnox> Needs to be prioritised. Not sure if we are missing things in grub,

 15:03 <xnox> grub-installer, lvm, udev, etc.

 15:03 <xnox> (blocking classic server iso ci)

 15:03 <xnox> * Drew UC20 signatures & measurement flow, sent to vorlon for review

 15:03 <xnox> * Trolling mwhudson over subiquity netboot.

 15:03 <xnox> done

 15:03 <xnox> mwhudson:  not it

 15:03 <xnox> doko:  ?

 15:03 * juliank is not ready

 15:03 <xnox> waveform:

 15:03 <waveform> * u-boot migration scripts done, testing nearly complete (CMs, Pi2 to go)

 15:03 <waveform> * split boot configuration of new pi images submitted for PR (https://github.com/snapcore/pi3-gadget/pull/29)

 15:03 <waveform> * worked on console utility for updating pi boot configuration

 15:03 <waveform> (done)

 15:04 <xnox> cyphermox:

 15:04 <cyphermox> NM netplan plugin

 15:04 <xnox> how is it? =)

 15:04 <cyphermox> shim testing

 15:04 <cyphermox> shim autopkgtests

 15:04 <cyphermox> (done)

 15:05 <xnox> sil is not here

 15:05 <xnox> vorlon:

 15:05 <vorlon> * short week, was off Tuesday for sprint travel swap

 15:05 <vorlon> * sprinted

 15:05 <vorlon> * proposed migration

 15:05 <vorlon> * NBS cleanup

 15:05 <vorlon> * freeze queue review

 15:05 <vorlon> (done)

 15:05 <xnox> yeah

 15:05 <xnox> infinity

 15:05 <xnox> not in the channel?!

 15:06 <xnox> bdmurray:

 15:06 <bdmurray> devised instructions for updating daisy no-pycassa branch in prod RT 121053

 15:06 <bdmurray> defeated a Traceback with daisy no-pycassa branch in r904

 15:06 <doko> sorry, swap days, and still analyzing the list of lto build failures

 15:06 <bdmurray> deleted (well requested) evan account from the ET cassandra database

 15:06 <bdmurray> dug into an issue with the phased-updater and halted phasing

 15:06 <bdmurray> determined that bug 1832651 is fixed in Eoan

 15:06 <bdmurray> described results of my upgrade testing in a couple of bugs

 15:06 <bdmurray> documented issues in an email with other systemd timers

 15:06 <bdmurray> discussed configuration of an apport hook for the OEM team

 15:06 <ubottu> bug 1832651 in systemd (Ubuntu Eoan) "jackdbus fails to start: cannot allocate memory" [High,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1832651

 15:06 <xnox> doko:  ack, thanks.

 15:06 <bdmurray> delighted dudes with my status report

 15:06 <bdmurray> dreamt of a day when I won't be jet lagged

 15:06 <bdmurray> âœ” done

 15:06 <tdaitx> * apport & whoopsie security fixes

 15:06 <tdaitx> - waiting for review from security team

 15:06 <tdaitx> * openjdk 8 & 11 autopkgtests

 15:06 <tdaitx> - improved test results

 15:06 <tdaitx> - fixing autopkgtest scripts for s390x zero vm

 15:06 <tdaitx> - ongoing testing on openjdk-8 builds

 15:06 <tdaitx> - copying changes to openjdk-11

 15:06 <tdaitx> - planning to split tests to better use autopkgtest's "flaky" flag

 15:07 <tdaitx> * blocked openjdk-8 from migrating to release eoan with the last security update instead of a release candidate version

 15:07 <tdaitx> - too late for openjdk-11, it already migrated to the RC version

 15:07 <tdaitx> (done)

 15:07 * juliank is ready now

 15:07 <bdmurray> rbalint is out

 15:07 <xnox> rbalint:  is out, so i think juliank now

 15:07 <juliank> * Expenses

 15:07 <juliank> * Uploaded APT 1.8.4 SRU to disco (fake-ish sync from unstable)

 15:07 <juliank> * Committed fix for a crash in python-apt

 15:07 <juliank> * Looking at travel stuff

 15:07 <juliank> * Need to play more with autopkgtest-cloud staging

 15:07 <juliank> (done)

 15:07 <xnox> awesome

 15:07 <xnox> #topic Release incoming bugs (eoan)

 15:07 <xnox> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ee-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 15:08 <bdmurray> so you mentioned bug 1838525 already

 15:08 <ubottu> bug 1838525 in grub-installer (Ubuntu) "LVM setup fails to install grub on virtio storage" [Critical,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1838525

 15:08 <bdmurray> card and queue jump seems appropriate

 15:09 <xnox> who wants to take it?

 15:09 <cyphermox> 1845466 I'm already on it (uploaded)

 15:10 <bdmurray> I'll card that one for you cyphermox

 15:11 <bdmurray> xnox: Are you saying "not it"?

 15:11 <xnox> bdmurray:  i'm not it

 15:11 <bdmurray> cyphermox: can you take it then?

 15:14 <xnox> we are out of capacity, and we will punt this back to server team.... sorry cpaelzer paride etc.

 15:15 <bdmurray> bug 1845190

 15:15 <ubottu> bug 1845190 in binutils (Ubuntu) "binutils nm wrong output format breaks i386 nm work" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1845190

 15:15 <bdmurray> doko are you really working on this?

 15:18 <bdmurray> We'll pass on fixing this for Eoan

 15:18 <xnox> bdmurray:  what's next? =)

 15:19 <bdmurray> bug 1822672

 15:19 <ubottu> bug 1822672 in popularity-contest (Ubuntu) "popularity-contest is broken due to a bad merge with debian" [Medium,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1822672

 15:19 <bdmurray> Its an easy fix and tsimonq2 has not been responsive

 15:19 <vorlon> that one's medium; did you skip the high?

 15:19 <vorlon> LP: #1845485

 15:19 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1845485 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu) "Remove gnome-system-monitor from deb to snap transition" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1845485

 15:20 <bdmurray> right that just came in this morning

 15:20 <bdmurray> its a one line fix

 15:20 <gaughen> bdmurray, what's the impact if we leave popularity-contest broken?

 15:21 <gaughen> bdmurray, I think we should leave it, I'm not aware of the data being used.

 15:21 <bdmurray> popularity-contest has also been broken since bionic

 15:22 <bdmurray> I'll take the u-r-u one and upload the fix.

 15:23 <bdmurray> bug 1779767 has no importance

 15:23 <ubottu> bug 1779767 in cron (Ubuntu) "Default cron PATH does not include /snap/bin" [Undecided,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1779767

 15:24 <bdmurray> Does medium seem right for importance?

 15:24 <tsimonq2> bdmurray: I've been dealing with a healthy dose of Real Life lately. I don't have plans to fix that bug at the moment, apologies.

 15:24 <xnox> tsimonq2:  *hugs* no worries

 15:25 <tsimonq2> debian-private has a small desc if any DDs are curious

 15:25 <tsimonq2> xnox: *hugs* thanks

 15:26 <xnox> #topic Release incoming bugs (bionic)

 15:26 <xnox> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-bb-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 15:26 <bdmurray> There is nothing pressing there.

 15:26 <xnox> #topic Team proposed-migration report

 15:26 <xnox> #link http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs

 15:27 <bdmurray> I tested bug 1611256 the other day and think it is fixed with the new dpkg.

 15:27 <ubottu> bug 1611256 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu) "X to Y upgrade fails with gconf2 depends on python3:any; however: Package python3 is not configured yet." [Critical,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1611256

 15:27 <xnox> nothing to do

 15:27 <xnox> #topic Chair selection for next meeting

 15:27 <xnox> I pick gaughen

 15:27 <xnox> #topic AOB

 15:28 <xnox> i pick doko

 15:28 <gaughen> xnox, I'm not available next week, but can do the week after

 15:28 <xnox> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)