== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting: semi monthly meeting, 05 Jun at 18:04 &mdash; 18:31 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2016/ubuntu-meeting.2016-06-05-18.04.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== forum staff renewals ===
The discussion about "forum staff renewals" started at 18:08.

  * ''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/TeamReports <- says january beeing written :(
  * ''ACTION:'' contact lyz
  * A blog entry was made regarding Mark Phelps membership through forum contributions
  * ''LINK:'' https://ubuntuforumsorg.wordpress.com/ 



== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * bapoumba (30)
 * slickymaster (25)
 * cariboo907 (17)
 * howefield (7)
 * meetingology (5)
 * coffeecat (1)



== Full Log ==


 18:04 <cariboo907> #startmeeting semi monthly meeting

 18:04 <meetingology> Meeting started Sun Jun  5 18:04:41 2016 UTC.  The chair is cariboo907. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 18:04 <meetingology> 

 18:04 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 18:05 <cariboo907> #chair bapoumba  howefield coffeecat slickymaster cariboo907

 18:05 <meetingology> Current chairs: bapoumba cariboo907 coffeecat howefield slickymaster

 18:05 <bapoumba> .o/

 18:06 <slickymaster> o/

 18:08 <cariboo907> the only item on the agenda aside form the fixed items is Forum staff renewal

 18:08 <cariboo907> #topic forum staff renewals

 18:08 * slickymaster checks the agenda

 18:09 <cariboo907> I forgot why we were needing to discuss this

 18:09 * bapoumba was looking for it :D

 18:09 <cariboo907> :)

 18:09 <slickymaster> yeaps, not sure why, also

 18:10 <bapoumba> same here

 18:10 <slickymaster> howefield, does it ring any bells?

 18:10 <cariboo907> could it be something to do with wgarcia's renewal as staff other and staff?

 18:11 <slickymaster> hmm, wasn't the item added prior to that, cariboo907?

 18:12 <howefield> looks like an old agenda point

 18:12 <bapoumba> +1

 18:12 <howefield> cariboo put it on 04th December last year

 18:12 <cariboo907> looking at the last edit time it may have been what triggered howefield to add it

 18:13 <howefield> last edit was me changing the meeting time and date, but I didn't remove the Staff renewal point

 18:13 <cariboo907> so if I added it I don't remeber why :)

 18:13 <howefield> perhaps it has been superceded by the recent staff additions in any event ?

 18:14 <bapoumba> Re: Teams reports, there is still one item to add in, sorry I did not do it.

 18:14 <slickymaster> Mark Phelps, bapoumba?

 18:14 <bapoumba> yes slickymaster

 18:14 <bapoumba> other than that, we should be up to date

 18:15 <bapoumba> does the UWN pick the team reports up ?

 18:15 <bapoumba> I have not closely followed, but  Idid not see them

 18:15 <slickymaster> Havne't see them in UWN in a while

 18:16 <bapoumba> I read it when I read my mail .. and I’ve been a bit disconnected this week

 18:16 <bapoumba> previous ones I have read

 18:16 <bapoumba> but I may have missed the points

 18:18 <bapoumba> https://wiki.ubuntu.com/TeamReports <- says january beeing written :(

 18:18 <bapoumba> that said, it is goos we keep them updated, at least for us

 18:18 <bapoumba> *good

 18:18 <cariboo907> I removed the item from the agenda

 18:19 <slickymaster> well, lyz last edit it back in January, bapoumba

 18:19 <bapoumba> but looks like team reports is not used anymore..

 18:20 <slickymaster> apparently

 18:20 <bapoumba> yeah

 18:20 <bapoumba> maybe we could ping her about it

 18:20 <slickymaster> I'll dfo it

 18:21 <bapoumba> I can write an email if you (all) wish

 18:21 <slickymaster> either way works for me

 18:22 <bapoumba> ok

 18:22 <slickymaster> ok, you'll mail her, right bapoumba?

 18:22 <bapoumba> well, you or me, works the same for me :)

 18:23 <slickymaster> lol

 18:23 <bapoumba> please do it on our behalf, and I’ll be happy :)

 18:23 <slickymaster> as I'll be in Lisbon next week, again, I'll only be able to ping next week, so probably it'd be better of you mail her

 18:24 <bapoumba> OK, will do

 18:24 <slickymaster> ok, thanks bapoumba :)

 18:24 <bapoumba> welcome slickymaster

 18:24 * slickymaster bows

 18:24 <bapoumba> :D

 18:24 <howefield> put an action point cariboo907 before they change their minds :)

 18:24 <bapoumba> no need for that slickymaster !

 18:24 <slickymaster> lol howefield

 18:25 <cariboo907> #action contact lyz

 18:25 * meetingology contact lyz

 18:25 <cariboo907> about team reports

 18:26 <slickymaster> #info A blog entry was made regarding Mark Phelps membership through forum contributions

 18:26 <bapoumba> yes cariboo907 ?

 18:26 <slickymaster> #link https://ubuntuforumsorg.wordpress.com/

 18:26 <cariboo907> speaking of the blog, I seem to have misplaced the password, is it in the Admin honey pot?

 18:27 <slickymaster> yes cariboo907

 18:27 <bapoumba> should be cariboo907

 18:27 <slickymaster> both the username and the passowrd

 18:28 <slickymaster> on the third page of the honey pot thread

 18:28 <cariboo907> thanks, I see it now

 18:28 <bapoumba> do we have other points ?

 18:28 <slickymaster> nothing from me

 18:28 <howefield> nothing from me

 18:29 <coffeecat> nothing from me

 18:29 <cariboo907> nothing from me either

 18:30 <cariboo907> so if there's nothing else, I guess we can end this

 18:30 <bapoumba> good for me then :)

 18:30 <howefield> thanks all, thanks cariboo907 :)

 18:30 <slickymaster> one last thing, I won't be around in IRC next week, but I'll try to login at the forums, though I suspect that scarcely

 18:30 <slickymaster> tanks cariboo907

 18:31 <cariboo907> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)