== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 08 Feb at 16:43 &mdash; 17:12 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2016/ubuntu-meeting.2016-02-08-16.43.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Announcements ===
The discussion about "Announcements" started at 16:44.


=== Weekly stand-up report ===
The discussion about "Weekly stand-up report" started at 16:45.


=== Highlighted packages ===
The discussion about "Highlighted packages" started at 17:06.

  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/openarena.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/sox.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/libguac.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/bcron.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/zeroinstall-injector.html 

=== Miscellaneous and Questions ===
The discussion about "Miscellaneous and Questions" started at 17:06.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * tyhicks (36)
 * mdeslaur (11)
 * sbeattie (10)
 * jdstrand (6)
 * chrisccoulson (5)
 * sarnold (4)
 * ubottu (3)
 * meetingology (3)
 * jjohansen (3)



== Full Log ==


 16:43 <tyhicks> #startmeeting

 16:43 <meetingology> Meeting started Mon Feb  8 16:43:59 2016 UTC.  The chair is tyhicks. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:43 <meetingology> 

 16:43 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 16:44 <tyhicks> we're having trouble with the wiki so there's no agenda today

 16:44 <tyhicks> [TOPIC] Announcements

 16:45 <tyhicks> Andreas Cadhalpun provided a debdiff for wily for ffmpeg (LP: #1541622)

 16:45 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1541622 in ffmpeg (Ubuntu) " FFmpeg security fixes February 2016" [Medium,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1541622

 16:45 <tyhicks> Thank you for your assistance in keeping Ubuntu users secure! :)

 16:45 <tyhicks> [TOPIC] Weekly stand-up report

 16:45 <tyhicks> jdstrand: you're up

 16:45 <jdstrand> I'm working on snappy this week

 16:46 <jdstrand> I made good progress on the review tools last week for the refactor and new snap.yaml. hopefully that will be done soon (ideally today, possibly tomorrow)

 16:46 <jdstrand> then I need to work on squashfs store checks

 16:46 <jdstrand> and sync up on all the new skills work

 16:46 <jdstrand> that's it from me. mdeslaur, you're up

 16:46 <mdeslaur> I'm on bug triage this week

 16:47 <mdeslaur> I'm going to spend some time on all the alternate cert chain backports, leading to an updated ca-certificates package that removed the 1024-bit certs

 16:47 <mdeslaur> and nss updates that do the same

 16:47 <mdeslaur> I may pick something else off the list

 16:48 <mdeslaur> oh, and I have nginx updates to test

 16:48 <mdeslaur> that's about it, sbeattie?

 16:48 <tyhicks> mdeslaur: what all packages do you have to do the alt cert chain backports for? (nss and what else)

 16:49 <mdeslaur> glib-networking, openssl, gnutls

 16:49 <tyhicks> thanks

 16:49 <mdeslaur> I've just uploaded them all to the proposed security ppa

 16:49 <mdeslaur> oh, and I have to fix the gnupg regression in xenial as all my packages have stop migrating

 16:50 <tyhicks> sbeattie: go ahead

 16:52 * tyhicks goes

 16:52 <tyhicks> I'm in the happy place this week

 16:52 <tyhicks> my focus will be wrapping up the AppArmor parser changes needed for stacking

 16:53 <tyhicks> I'm currently finishing up a community sponsoring duty that I didn't get to last week (LP: #1540243)

 16:53 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1540243 in virtualbox-guest-additions-iso (Ubuntu Wily) "SRU virtualbox-ext-pack, virtualbox-guest-additions-iso to match virtualbox versions" [Low,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1540243

 16:53 <tyhicks> sarnold: fyi ^

 16:54 <tyhicks> I need to sync up with jjohansen on the AppArmor kernel bug fix landing in xenial

 16:54 <tyhicks> that's it for me

 16:54 <sbeattie> sorry, I can go

 16:54 <tyhicks> oh, I'll have some followup work from my rngd investigation from last friday

 16:54 <tyhicks> sbeattie: ok

 16:54 <sbeattie> I'm on cve triage this week

 16:55 <sbeattie> I'm working on a pillow update

 16:55 * mdeslaur wishes he had a pillow

 16:55 <sbeattie> I have a bunch of apparmor work I need to do

 16:55 <sbeattie> mdeslaur: no doubt. this one is not so comfy

 16:55 <mdeslaur> hehe

 16:56 <sbeattie> I'm sure there's some bits of the kernel cve triage process that I'll need to handle as supporting touch/ubuntu-core shakes out.

 16:56 <sbeattie> and that'll probably consume my week

 16:57 * sbeattie is not sure  who goes next

 16:57 <tyhicks> jjohansen: you're up

 16:57 <jjohansen> this week I'm working on appamor stacking

 16:58 <jjohansen> I'll need to sink up with tyhicks about stacking and I guess a kernel fix

 16:58 <jjohansen> thats about it for me sarnold, you are up

 17:01 <sarnold> i'm on community this week

 17:01 <sarnold> I'll finish dpdk's review and start another review, or two if i'm lucky and one's small :)

 17:01 <sarnold> I may also get an apparmor patch review or two done along the way for spice

 17:01 <sarnold> that's it for me, chrisccoulson?

 17:02 <chrisccoulson> I've got a Firefox update to do (today) to fix some regressions in 44.0

 17:03 <chrisccoulson> I'm also going to be making some changes to Firefox to enable telemetry (something that's desired upstream), and hopefully fix our automated symbol uploads

 17:05 <chrisccoulson> Other than that, I'll be working on Oxide stuff. I want to fix bug 1542119 this week as it's making other work difficult. I've also identified some bugs in the way we handle device scaling that I want to fix

 17:05 <ubottu> bug 1542119 in Oxide "Rip all input event handling and compositing glue out of oxide::WebView" [Low,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1542119

 17:05 <tyhicks> chrisccoulson: I saw that you merged in the oxide drag and drop support - nice work!

 17:05 <chrisccoulson> Yeah, that's working pretty nicely now :)

 17:05 <chrisccoulson> I think that's me done

 17:05 <tyhicks> thanks

 17:06 <tyhicks> [TOPIC] Highlighted packages

 17:06 <tyhicks> The Ubuntu Security team will highlight some community-supported packages that might be good candidates for updating and or triaging. If you would like to help Ubuntu and not sure where to start, this is a great way to do so.

 17:06 <tyhicks> See https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/UpdateProcedures for details and if you have any questions, feel free to ask in #ubuntu-security. To find out other ways of helping out, please see https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/GettingInvolved.

 17:06 <tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/openarena.html

 17:06 <tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/sox.html

 17:06 <tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/libguac.html

 17:06 <tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/bcron.html

 17:06 <tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/zeroinstall-injector.html

 17:06 <tyhicks> [TOPIC] Miscellaneous and Questions

 17:06 <tyhicks> Does anyone have any other questions or items to discuss?

 17:07 <tyhicks> sbeattie: what's the status of GCC PIE?

 17:08 <jdstrand> sbeattie: you said 'a bunch of apparmor work-- what are you going to be focusing on?"

 17:09 <sbeattie> jdstrand: I need to do some patch review and get some releases out. We also need to sort out what we want to land in xenial.

 17:10 <sbeattie> tyhicks: I still need to send my review of FTBFS email.

 17:11 <tyhicks> sbeattie: ack - that test rebuild FTBFS summary email should probably be top priority

 17:12 <tyhicks> jdstrand, mdeslaur, sbeattie, jjohansen, sarnold, ChrisCoulson: Thanks!

 17:12 <tyhicks> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)