== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 22 Sep at 15:01 &mdash; 15:32 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2016/ubuntu-meeting.2016-09-22-15.01.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning round ===
The discussion about "Lightning round" started at 15:01.

  * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/ubiquity/+bug/1626108 

=== AOB ===
The discussion about "AOB" started at 15:24.

  * ''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/StableReleaseUpdates#Publishing 



== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * slangasek (54)
 * pitti (37)
 * cyphermox (31)
 * sil2100 (22)
 * robru (21)
 * bdmurray (20)
 * ubottu (15)
 * caribou (14)
 * xnox (13)
 * doko (9)
 * tdaitx (7)
 * barry (6)
 * apw (4)
 * meetingology (3)
 * lamont (1)



== Full Log ==


 15:01 <slangasek> #startmeeting

 15:01 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Sep 22 15:01:34 2016 UTC.  The chair is slangasek. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 15:01 <meetingology> 

 15:01 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 15:01 <slangasek> It's beta week, so maybe we should make this quick today

 15:01 <slangasek> [TOPIC] Lightning round

 15:02 <slangasek> $ echo $(shuf -e barry doko bdmurray slangasek caribou infinity sil2100 robru cyphermox pitti tdaitx xnox chiluk mwhudson)

 15:02 <slangasek> tdaitx infinity sil2100 xnox cyphermox mwhudson slangasek barry robru pitti bdmurray chiluk caribou doko

 15:02 * xnox o/

 15:02 <slangasek> tdaitx: here?

 15:03 <slangasek> infinity distinctly not here

 15:03 <slangasek> sil2100:

 15:03 <sil2100> o/

 15:03 <sil2100> - Back from vacation, reading up on e-mail backlog

 15:03 <sil2100> - Landing team work, silo coordination, preparing landing e-mails

 15:03 <sil2100> - RTM status meetings

 15:03 <sil2100> - Touch xenial:

 15:03 <sil2100> * Started work on splitting xenial touch seeds into two for systemd work

 15:03 <sil2100> * Prepared livecd-rootf and cdimage changes for enabling new project for touch-systemd

 15:03 <sil2100> * Work halted as we might stay on one channel and concentrate on systemd only

 15:03 <sil2100> - OTA-13:

 15:04 <sil2100> * Prepared release notes

 15:04 <sil2100> * Copied images, started phasing, sent out announcements

 15:04 <sil2100> - zeromq3:

 15:04 <sil2100> * Took Steve's zeromq3 test fixes and forward-ported them to the new git-based package

 15:04 <sil2100> * Chasing down required FTBFS changes for unity-scopes-api so we can do a no-change rebuild for new zmqpp

 15:04 <sil2100> - Booking for the sprint in October

 15:04 <sil2100> - Touch seed changes for various projects

 15:04 <sil2100> - Enabled the auto package rebuild with instrumentation infra for the KPI initiative

 15:04 <sil2100> - Started working on more detailed touch system-image maintenance documentation

 15:04 <sil2100> - Working on getting xenial i386 touch images working again (transitional gles package issues)

 15:04 <sil2100> (done)

 15:04 <tdaitx> slangasek, here

 15:05 <tdaitx> = openjdk 8

 15:05 <tdaitx> - extracting tests from debian/rules; converting to autopkgtest; checking out which tests are unstable (change pass/fail/error state between runs)

 15:05 <tdaitx> = jck

 15:05 <tdaitx> - setting it up to run on 2 separated containers (one with reference implementation from Oracle, another with the openjdk under test) using lxd

 15:05 <tdaitx> - investigating plugins to start the 2 containers+tests on separated machines using jenkins (required for ppc64el/arm64 as Oracle's reference is amd64 only)

 15:05 <tdaitx> (done)

 15:06 <xnox> beta-2 & v4.8 testing on s390x

 15:06 <xnox> gnugp2 migration fixes

 15:06 <xnox> migrated ubuntu-keyring to one-file per-key, 1024 keys to be dropped in 17.04.

 15:06 <xnox> qemu point release update

 15:06 <xnox> libica / opencryptoki SRU validation

 15:06 <xnox> hunting down kernel teams' failure to reliably boot s390x bug

 15:06 <xnox> AOB:

 15:06 <xnox> who will pick up arges SRU work from October?

 15:06 <xnox> ..

 15:07 <pitti> cyphermox?

 15:07 <bdmurray> Its not AOB time yet!

 15:08 <slangasek> cyphermox was working on some ubiquity blockers for beta this morning, perhaps he's still tied up there

 15:08 <slangasek> so:

 15:08 <slangasek> * short week, was off Thu-Fri last week; played a lot of email catch-up

 15:08 <slangasek> * misc SRU, RM work

 15:08 <slangasek> * debugged a problem with out-of-date apt repos on daily CDs, found the real source issue this time

 15:08 <slangasek> * SRU for a surprising long-standing bug in our keymap loading (LP: #1621824)

 15:08 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1621824 in kbd (Ubuntu Yakkety) "MFG:Garrison - Ubuntu 16.04.1 dmesg error "systemd[1]: Failed to start Set console keymap."" [Undecided,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1621824

 15:08 <slangasek> * discussions around console-conf performance on arm (snappy)

 15:08 <slangasek> * wound up spending way too much time making the zeromq3 testsuite parallel-safe for the MIR

 15:08 <slangasek> * don't hard-code local port numbers in your testsuite, kids!

 15:08 <slangasek> (done)

 15:09 <sil2100> I double that!

 15:09 <barry> short week due to travel/vaca

 15:09 <barry> ubuntu-image: issue triage; argument order branch; investigating impliciations of snapcraft changes breaking the CI (LP: #1626236)

 15:09 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1626236 in Snapcraft "snapcraft newly fails on ubuntu-image" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1626236

 15:09 <barry> debuntu: pyparsing 2.1.9+dfsg1-1; LP: #1626201; debian bug #838559

 15:09 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1626201 in python-virtualenv (Ubuntu Xenial) "missing python*-dev and gcc dependencies" [Low,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1626201

 15:09 <ubottu> Debian bug 838559 in python-pex "python-pex: tests started to fail on "Connection refused"" [Normal,Open] http://bugs.debian.org/838559

 15:09 <barry> armhf console-conf/python performance testing

 15:09 <barry> company survey

 15:09 <barry> --done--

 15:09 <robru> - bileto.ubuntu.com rollout, deployment migrated from trusty to xenial

 15:09 <robru> lp:bileto xenial-charm

 15:09 <robru> * ported charm to xenial

 15:09 <robru> * dropped no-longer-needed apache vhost stuff

 15:09 <robru> * fix support for git branches

 15:09 <robru> * implement juju storage

 15:10 <robru> lp:bileto master

 15:10 <robru> * use new bileto.ubuntu.com domain

 15:10 <robru> * fix nagios checks

 15:10 <robru> * be more fault tolerant with swift

 15:10 <robru> * port to xenial

 15:10 <robru> * fix Mirv's irc nick

 15:10 <robru> * fix logic for determining when to restart gunicorn3

 15:10 <robru> * some back-and-forth with sbalda about how best to implement UST (in progress)

 15:10 <slangasek> "irc nick"?

 15:10 <robru> lp:canonical-mojo-specs

 15:10 <robru> * new spec for new xenial bileto.ubuntu.com deployment

 15:10 <robru> * old spec for requests.ci-train.ubuntu.com now a redirect to bileto.ubuntu.com

 15:10 <robru> lp:queuebot, lp:phablet-tools, lp:ubuntu-archive-tools

 15:10 <robru> * s/requests.ci-train.ubuntu.com/bileto.ubuntu.com/g

 15:10 <robru> (done)

 15:10 <pitti> This has been pretty much completely a "live in the bug tracker and put out fires" week ☹

 15:10 <pitti> autopkgtest:

 15:10 <slangasek> robru: "irc nick"?

 15:10 <pitti> - Add all-proposed=1 argument to a.u.c/request.cgi

 15:10 <pitti> - Fight with broken images (4.8 kernel) and broken image boot (lcy01 networking trouble)

 15:10 <pitti> - britney: Fix broken xenial runs (fauxpkg vs. oxide-qt on arm64)

 15:10 <robru> slangasek: timo's irc nick was misconfigured in lp, I expanded our irc nick support to support his format as well

 15:10 <pitti> - britney: Move our git repo into Launchpad "britney" project

 15:10 <pitti> - britney: Write down code pointers and hints for robru for adding PPA support

 15:10 <pitti> systemd:

 15:11 <pitti> - Clean up obsolete setcap call (reported by sabdfl)

 15:11 <slangasek> robru: heh

 15:11 <pitti> - Fix nsswitch.conf cleanup after removing libnss-* (#1625584)

 15:11 <pitti> - Investigate networkd regression (Debian #837759), nss-resolved fallback (#1624071), test regression in yakkety (#1624406)

 15:11 <ubottu> Debian bug 837759 in systemd "network configuration stops working reliably" [Important,Fixed] http://bugs.debian.org/837759

 15:11 <pitti> - Tweak ondemand.service (#1579278)

 15:11 <pitti> distro:

 15:11 <pitti> - network-manager: Adjust tests to changed isc-dhcp behaviour in y-proposed (#1609898), and to fix fake-rfkill module build for kernel 4.8 (#1626568)

 15:11 <pitti> - nplan: Investigate autopkgtest flakiness (#1625461)

 15:11 <pitti> - upstart: Fix FTBFS on powerpc

 15:11 <pitti> - systemd graphical session: ix failed unit cleanup (#1618886)

 15:11 <pitti> - Build and test first yakkety langpacks

 15:11 <pitti> - Investigate and report kernel 4.8 regressions (#1626394, #1626429, #1626436, #1625100)

 15:11 <pitti> - Investigate gprbuild regressions with doko (Debian #838483)

 15:11 <pitti> - Investigate python-virtualenv regression (#1626201)

 15:11 <pitti> - Investigate test regressions in mod-wsgi and libapache2-mod-python; regression in invoke-rc.d, upload fix

 15:11 <ubottu> Debian bug 838483 in gprbuild "gprbuild starts failing with "no native compiler found for language 'ada'"" [Normal,Open] http://bugs.debian.org/838483

 15:11 <pitti> misc:

 15:11 <pitti> - Review http://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/using-eni.html code

 15:11 <pitti> - Review/land lp:~robru/ubuntu-archive-tools/fix-bileto-excuses into lp:ubuntu-archive-tools

 15:11 <pitti> - Set up Launchpad apport retracers for arm64, ppc64el, powerpc

 15:11 <pitti> ^D

 15:11 <slangasek> bdmurray:

 15:12 <bdmurray> pinged webops about daisy nagios check failing

 15:12 <bdmurray> rls-y bug triage

 15:12 <bdmurray> discussed LP: #1610756 with mvo

 15:12 <bdmurray> uploaded backuppc change to fix upgrade bug LP: #1610756

 15:12 <bdmurray> SRU verification of upgrade bug LP: #1610756

 15:12 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1610756 in backuppc (Ubuntu Xenial) "upgrade to 16.04 failed to calculate due to backuppc" [Medium,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1610756

 15:12 <bdmurray> investigation into dkms apport package hook error (LP: #1588479)

 15:12 <bdmurray> uploaded Trusty, Xenial, Yakkety fix for dkms

 15:12 <bdmurray> investigation into, test writing for LP: #1621629

 15:12 <bdmurray> pep8 / pyflakes clean-up of update-notifier package

 15:12 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1588479 in dkms (Ubuntu Xenial) "dkms_packages.py supported kernel check is not working" [Medium,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1588479

 15:12 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1621629 in update-notifier (Ubuntu) "package-data-downloader fails to process download requests" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1621629

 15:12 <bdmurray> setup autopkgtest for update-notifier

 15:12 <bdmurray> investigation into LP: #1602536, LP: #1624641

 15:12 <bdmurray> modified bug pattern for upgrade LP: #996916

 15:12 <bdmurray> worked on youtube-dl snap some more

 15:12 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1602536 in unattended-upgrades (Ubuntu) "/usr/bin/unattended-upgrade:apt.cache.LockFailedException:/usr/bin/unattended-upgrade@1468:main:do_auto_remove:cache_commit:commit:_fetch_archives" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1602536

 15:12 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1624641 in unattended-upgrades (Ubuntu) "security updates with a new dependency don't get installed" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1624641

 15:12 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 996916 in update-manager (Ubuntu) "postgresql packages in the removal blacklist making it hard to upgrade" [Undecided,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/996916

 15:12 <bdmurray> ✔ done

 15:13 <slangasek> chiluk: ?

 15:13 <slangasek> caribou:

 15:13 <caribou> Bugfix:

 15:13 <caribou> APT hash sum mismatch when using mirror:// url (LP: #1625667)

 15:13 <caribou> - Identified root cause, mvo reviewing fix and will SRU

 15:13 <caribou> makedumpfile fails on 4.8 kernels (LP: #1626269)

 15:13 <caribou> - Identified upstream commit, but creates another issue

 15:13 <caribou> - Investigating with upstream

 15:13 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1625667 in apt (Ubuntu Xenial) "Trusty: apt does not try next mirror if index file download fails with mirror:// source" [Medium,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1625667

 15:13 <ubottu> Error: Could not gather data from Launchpad for bug #1626269 (https://launchpad.net/bugs/1626269). The error has been logged

 15:14 <caribou> Development:

 15:14 <caribou> Working on a sosreport charm

 15:14 <caribou> tomsfastpath MIR

 15:14 <caribou> python-pip sponsorship in Xenial

 15:14 <caribou> Misc:

 15:14 <caribou> Interview & meetings

 15:14 <caribou> ☑ Done

 15:14 <doko> - started test rebuilds (unfortunately before linux 4.8 was there)

 15:14 <doko> - fix build failures, chase people to fix build failures

 15:14 <doko> - merges to fix build failures

 15:14 <doko> - MIR processing intensified

 15:14 <doko> - openjdk-9 update

 15:14 <doko> - forwarding GCC reports

 15:14 <doko> - try to enable lldb on s390x

 15:14 <doko> - chasing down autopkg test failures with pitti

 15:14 <doko> (done)

 15:14 <cyphermox> oi

 15:15 <caribou> "<doko> - MIR processing intensified", yeah I did feel that one go by ;)

 15:15 <cyphermox> MIR:

 15:15 <cyphermox> - review unity-scope-click

 15:15 <cyphermox> ubuntu-core:

 15:15 <cyphermox> - review console-conf merges

 15:15 <cyphermox> xenial:

 15:15 <cyphermox> - prepare IPv6 initramfs SRUs

 15:15 <cyphermox> yakkety:

 15:15 <cyphermox> - discussion on image build issues with Josh

 15:15 <cyphermox> - prepare new shim snapshot with fallback fix

 15:15 <cyphermox> - upload isc-dhcp and initramfs-tools for IPv6 in initramfs

 15:15 <cyphermox> ±other stuff:

 15:15 <cyphermox> - fixes in shim EKU code and fix PR

 15:15 <cyphermox> - implementing dhcpv6 in initramfs w/ lamont

 15:15 <cyphermox> (done)

 15:15 <cyphermox> well, and that ubiquity thing that looks like an issue in polkit

 15:15 <lamont> \o/ dhcpv6

 15:16 <cyphermox> yay

 15:16 <slangasek> cyphermox: are you still driving the polkit fix, or is this on someone else now?

 15:17 <cyphermox> no, I'm still trying to make sure and figure out whether that really is the case; I could certainly use help from someone more familiar with polkit though

 15:17 <slangasek> ok

 15:17 <pitti> note that the new initramfs-tools didn't land yet, as it breaks reboot with at least the multipath-tools test (which still works in y-release)

 15:17 <slangasek> policykit-1 last uploaded 25 Jul

 15:17 <slangasek> has this been broken this long?

 15:17 <cyphermox> that said, looks to me like starting sudo ubiquity helps connecting wifi with NM; and would probably do the same for the drivers

 15:18 <cyphermox> (I mean, otherwise ubuntu-drivers works, lists the drivers, and you can drive it manually on the command-line, so no reason for it not to work via ubiquity)

 15:20 <cyphermox> pitti: I don't know why it breaks multipath-tools; I'll check later

 15:20 <cyphermox> "breaks multipath-tools" <  the tests, doesn't mean it actually breaks anything in mpath

 15:20 <pitti> right

 15:20 <slangasek> cyphermox: who can help with polkit, then?

 15:20 <cyphermox> I don't know

 15:20 <slangasek> pitti: do you know polkit enough to help? I see your name in the changelog :)

 15:20 <cyphermox> pitti: didn't you know about polkti?

 15:20 <pitti> cyphermox: I didn't look deeply into it, there was too much other stuff to firefight today

 15:21 <slangasek> of course, you're applying a patch from seb128

 15:21 <pitti> slangasek: yes, I do, I just didn't get aware of *that* bug yet :)

 15:21 <pitti> which LP# is it?

 15:21 <slangasek> cyphermox: there, found you someone to help :)

 15:21 <cyphermox> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/ubiquity/+bug/1626108

 15:21 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1626108 in ubiquity (Ubuntu) "Ubiquity session isn't setting up 3rd party hardware drivers" [Undecided,New]

 15:22 <cyphermox> pitti: tbf I'm not sure it's polkit, I'm just very suspicious of it because of the denies I get from NM along the way too

 15:22 <pitti> cyphermox: can you break this down to a pk-check call?

 15:23 <pitti> there's no debugging information in that LP bug, but it seems you alredy did some; can you please put the notes there?

 15:23 <cyphermox> I have no idea what this is supposed to be doing in terms of an actual pk action, only that it runs ubuntu-drivers --autoinstall and expects it to write a file with a list of drivers to install

 15:23 <pitti> well, but that part all happens as root already

 15:24 <cyphermox> my testing was limited to trying to run ubuntu-drivers on the terminal

 15:24 <cyphermox> I don't know that it does?

 15:24 <cyphermox> ubiquity is definitely started as a user

 15:24 <slangasek> pitti, cyphermox: continue OOB after meeting?

 15:24 <pitti> *nod*

 15:24 <cyphermox> yep

 15:24 <slangasek> [TOPIC] AOB

 15:24 <slangasek> anything else?

 15:25 <bdmurray> xnox asked about SRU team staffing...

 15:25 * slangasek nods

 15:26 <slangasek> anyone volunteering? :)

 15:26 <xnox> I volunteer apw

 15:26 <slangasek> isn't he already on the team?

 15:26 <apw> yep

 15:27 <bdmurray> he doesn't have a daily shift listed though

 15:27 <slangasek> ah

 15:27 <apw> la la la

 15:27 <bdmurray> https://wiki.ubuntu.com/StableReleaseUpdates#Publishing

 15:27 <xnox> apw, should not have been so mean to arges then =)

 15:27 <apw> heh, there is that

 15:28 <slangasek> arges has assured us that this is not his reason for leaving

 15:28 <slangasek> which just means we should've made him do a double SRU team shift while we had him

 15:28 <slangasek> so, if apw wants to volunteer to take a shift, cool

 15:28 <xnox> slangasek, to make sure that it would become the reason?!.... =)

 15:28 <slangasek> or maybe apw wants to volunteer another member of his team for SRU training :)

 15:29 <slangasek> xnox: if he was going to leave anyway... ;)

 15:29 <apw> slangasek, they will love me

 15:29 <slangasek> anyway, I only see people volunteering other people

 15:29 <slangasek> so yes, we will want to figure out SRU team shifts post-arges

 15:30 <slangasek> but not solving that here and now

 15:30 <slangasek> anything else?

 15:30 <bdmurray> I thought rbasak was interested in joining the team some time ago

 15:30 <slangasek> that rings a bell

 15:30 <slangasek> bdmurray: do you want to follow up with him?

 15:30 <bdmurray> slangasek: sure

 15:31 <slangasek> ta

 15:31 <slangasek> going once...

 15:32 <slangasek> going once and a half...

 15:32 <sil2100> Oh the tension

 15:32 <slangasek> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)