== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 07 Jul at 15:04 &mdash; 15:18 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2016/ubuntu-meeting.2016-07-07-15.04.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== AOB ===
The discussion about "AOB" started at 15:18.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * pitti (32)
 * sil2100 (26)
 * caribou (23)
 * cyphermox (14)
 * barry (9)
 * tdaitx (9)
 * chiluk (8)
 * robru (6)
 * doko (6)
 * ubottu (6)
 * meetingology (3)



== Full Log ==


 15:04 <pitti> #startmeeting

 15:04 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Jul  7 15:04:06 2016 UTC.  The chair is pitti. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 15:04 <meetingology> 

 15:04 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 15:04 <pitti> $ echo $(shuf -e barry doko bdmurray slangasek caribou infinity sil2100 robru cyphermox pitti tdaitx xnox chiluk)

 15:04 <pitti> slangasek tdaitx chiluk barry sil2100 xnox cyphermox infinity bdmurray pitti robru doko caribou

 15:04 <pitti> ooook -- our boss isn't here, but I think tdaitx should be?

 15:05 <pitti> barry: go ahead

 15:05 <barry> short week due to usa holiday

 15:05 <barry> 

 15:05 <barry> 

 15:05 <barry> review bileto branch for robru

 15:05 <barry> xonsh 0.4.3+dfsg-1 sponsorship; reviewed LP: #1596667

 15:05 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1596667 in python-pip (Ubuntu) "/usr/bin/pip3:11:visit_decref:dict_traverse:subtract_refs:collect:collect_with_callback" [Undecided,Incomplete] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1596667

 15:05 <barry> ubuntu-image: travis branch (merged; was working but now all travis-ci builds for ubuntu-image are wedged; support emails sent); gadget branch (also landed w/o functioning ci); travis-redux branch PR; currently working on flow branch for basic image building

 15:05 <barry> --done--

 15:05 <cyphermox> are there two lines empty there on purpose?

 15:05 <sil2100> Wait, me?

 15:05 <sil2100> I still need 5 minutes

 15:05 <barry> cyphermox: stupid cutnpaste

 15:05 <cyphermox> ah ok

 15:05 <caribou> cyphermox: not empty for me

 15:06 <barry> no, not a secret skunkworx project

 15:06 <tdaitx> I'm ready

 15:06 <pitti> tdaitx: go ahead

 15:06 <tdaitx> Short week: day-off on Friday, flying back home on Tuesday

 15:06 <tdaitx> = Merges

 15:06 <tdaitx> - ncurses done, awating review/sponsoring (LP: #1598850)

 15:06 <tdaitx> - isc-dhcp ongoing

 15:06 <tdaitx> = OpenJDK security update

 15:06 <tdaitx> - 11 patches to backport (of 15 as 4 can be safely ignored on openjdk 7)

 15:06 <tdaitx> - 8 backports done, 3 ongoing (1 jaxp and 2 hotspot)

 15:06 <tdaitx> (done)

 15:06 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1598850 in ncurses (Ubuntu) "[merge request] Please merge ncurses 6.0+20160319-2 (main) from Debian unstable (main)" [Wishlist,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1598850

 15:06 <pitti> cyphermox:

 15:07 <cyphermox> - network yaml

 15:07 <cyphermox> - subiquity first boot experience

 15:07 <cyphermox> - catching up mwhudson on the state of subiquity

 15:07 <chiluk> gah..

 15:07 <cyphermox> - Secure Boot discussions with kernel team while testing

 15:07 <cyphermox> - tracking down shim-signed Secure Boot possible regression w/ Gtk frontend

 15:07 <cyphermox> - getting up to date on how to build an OS snap

 15:07 <cyphermox> - setting up local livecd-rootfs/etc. for building building my own test OS snap

 15:07 <cyphermox> (done)

 15:07 <chiluk> way to skip me pitti.

 15:07 <pitti> chiluk: you didn't wave, but please go ahead now :)

 15:07 <chiluk> Handling Maas 2.0 inquiries

 15:07 <chiluk> Presenting at Texas Linux Fest.  (Ubuntu development primer- how to submit fixes to ubuntu)

 15:07 <chiluk> Short week - Holiday on Monday

 15:07 <pitti> chiluk: oh, any new great bug triagers/reporters from that?

 15:08 <chiluk> pitti.. I'm a slacker.. just getting back from PT now..

 15:08 <chiluk> pitti the presentation will be Saturday.

 15:08 <chiluk> but hopefully we'll get some help out of it.

 15:08 <pitti> bdmurray: here?

 15:08 <pitti> network-yaml: add support for wifi (including autopkgtest) and manual addresses (not finished yet); cranked up integration test coverage to 100%

 15:09 <pitti> convergence-y-replace-upstart: discuss some necessary infrastructure with systemd upstream, sent PR; adjust our PoC to new schema, and fix clean session shutdown

 15:09 <pitti> ddebs: Clean up ddebs which just contain HTTP errors and re-import them (fallout from PS outage)

 15:09 <pitti> britney: Initial conversion to git (fight with bzr fast-export bug), now in the middle of rebasing our enormous delta on Debian and cleaning up obsolete patches; we need to merge to the current version to get support for versioned provides, and there have been some bigger architectural changes

 15:09 <pitti> Drop sysv-rc dependency from remaining packages and eliminate from archive; sysvinit-utils is now the only (mostly harmless, but required) binary that we build from sysvinit

 15:09 <pitti> systemd: Investigate/try to reproduce networkd RA handling issues (Debian #815793, #815884)

 15:09 <ubottu> Debian bug 815884 in systemd "does not retry IPv6 router solicitations" [Important,Open] http://bugs.debian.org/815884

 15:09 <pitti> patch pilot shift on Friday, lots of SRU reviews

 15:09 <ubottu> Debian bug 815793 in systemd "IPv6 code ignores unsolicited router advertisements" [Important,Open] http://bugs.debian.org/815793

 15:09 <pitti> (done)

 15:09 <pitti> robru:

 15:09 <sil2100> Ok, I'm ready if anything

 15:09 <robru> one sec

 15:09 <robru> go sil2100

 15:09 <sil2100> Thanks :)

 15:09 <sil2100> - Landing team work, silo coordination, preparing landing e-mails

 15:09 <sil2100> - RTM status meetings

 15:09 <sil2100> - OTA-12:

 15:09 <sil2100> * Cherry-picking fixes like crazy, image re-spins like crazy

 15:09 <sil2100> * Helping out in building snapshot-based silos

 15:09 <sil2100> - Midori:

 15:09 <sil2100> * Preparing testing channels

 15:09 <sil2100> * Copying required changes to emergency snapshot

 15:10 <sil2100> * Building custom rootfs, re-targeting custom tarballs

 15:10 <sil2100> - Add a new ubuntu-touch-custom cdimage project for image re-spins

 15:10 <sil2100> - Fixing frieza commitlogs

 15:10 <sil2100> - Touch xenial:

 15:10 <sil2100> * Reviewing and copying oxide-qt-arm64 package to the xenial overlay

 15:10 <sil2100> * Re-building all oxide arm64 dep-wait packages

 15:10 <sil2100> * Working on cdimage changes to enable arm64 builds for rootfs needs

 15:10 <sil2100> - Helping out with maliit-framework package releases for hotfixes

 15:10 <sil2100> (done)

 15:10 <robru> lp:bileto

 15:10 <robru> - continuing to port & parallelize status job from lp:cupstream2distro

 15:10 <robru> - link to documentation in the log view

 15:10 <robru> (end)

 15:10 <pitti> sil2100: did the oxide/arm64 stunt work?

 15:10 <pitti> doko is at debconf too

 15:10 <pitti> caribou:

 15:10 <caribou> Bugfix

 15:10 <caribou> LACP bonding + multipath issue

 15:10 <caribou> - Turns out to be LVM misconfiguration

 15:11 <caribou> samba winbind statically linked (LP: #1584485)

 15:11 <caribou> - Figured out samba build system

 15:11 <caribou> - Fighting to find proper compiler switches

 15:11 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1584485 in samba (Ubuntu) "Upgrading samba to latest security fixes together with winbind in nsswitch.conf can harm entire OS" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1584485

 15:11 <caribou> Launchpad & Public :

 15:11 <caribou> LP: #1570775 - add cio_ignore to kexec on s390x

 15:11 <caribou> - Backport of Yakkety fix in progress

 15:11 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1570775 in makedumpfile (Ubuntu Xenial) "makekdump should re-exec with cio_ignore on s390x" [Medium,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1570775

 15:11 <sil2100> pitti: yes! I was shocked, aparently it just worked :o

 15:11 <caribou> Sosreport autopkgtests

 15:11 <caribou> - New upstream release uploaded to debian with DEP8 tests

 15:11 <caribou> - Sync with Yakkety

 15:11 <sil2100> pitti: things never 'just work'

 15:11 <caribou> - Needs to figure out why they don't run

 15:11 <pitti> sil2100: something MUST be wrong

 15:11 <sil2100> I know!

 15:11 <caribou> ☑ Done

 15:11 <sil2100> ;)

 15:11 <sil2100> pitti: thanks again for the advice!

 15:11 <pitti> np!

 15:11 <doko> \o/

 15:12 <pitti> caribou: as-tu prêt pour le match ce soir ? :-)

 15:12 <cyphermox> hey doko!

 15:12 <caribou> I'll need help for the samba statically linked libnss_winbind btw

 15:12 <cyphermox> pitti: "es"-tu

 15:12 <doko> just for completeness:

 15:12 <caribou> pitti: doko: yes, big night of cheering !

 15:12 <cyphermox> pitti: otherwise well done :)

 15:12 <doko> - being at DebConf

 15:12 <pitti> ¡ǝɹǝɥdsᴉɯǝɥ ɹǝɥʇo ǝɥʇ oʇ sƃuᴉʇǝǝɹƃ ¡oʞop ʎǝɥ

 15:12 <doko> - still doing xenial SRUs

 15:13 <pitti> cyphermox: ah, je suis désolé, merci :)

 15:13 <doko> - GCC 6 test rebuild, and normal test rebuild

 15:13 <doko> (done)

 15:13 <caribou> if that rings a bell to someone : crtbeginT.o: relocation R_X86_64_32 against `__TMC_END__' can not be used when making a shared object; recompile with -fPIC

 15:13 <caribou> /usr/lib/gcc/x86_64-linux-gnu/4.8/crtbeginT.o: error adding symbols: Bad value

 15:13 <cyphermox> black magic!

 15:14 <pitti> caribou: since yakkety? amd64 now defaults to -fPIE, maybe you try to link against a lib that wasn't rebuilt with PIE? (just wildly guessing)

 15:14 <caribou> fyi : compiling & linking with -static -static-libgcc

 15:14 <pitti> s/yakkety?/yakkety,/

 15:14 <caribou> pitti: I thought that -static-libgcc would dtrt

 15:15 <caribou> pitti: hmm, worth a try to rebuild on Xenial just to confirm

 15:16 <caribou> pitti: neverming, I'm building on Trusty (for a SRU)

 15:18 <pitti> #topic AOB

 15:18 <pitti> anyone? anything?

 15:18 <pitti> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)