== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 26 May at 15:03 &mdash; 15:30 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2016/ubuntu-meeting.2016-05-26-15.03.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning round ===
The discussion about "Lightning round" started at 15:04.


=== AOB ===
The discussion about "AOB" started at 15:21.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * slangasek (41)
 * bdmurray (23)
 * cyphermox (14)
 * chiluk (11)
 * ubottu (11)
 * tdaitx (7)
 * barry (6)
 * meetingology (3)



== Full Log ==


 15:03 <slangasek> #startmeeting

 15:03 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu May 26 15:03:35 2016 UTC.  The chair is slangasek. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 15:03 <meetingology> 

 15:03 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 15:04 <slangasek> [TOPIC] Lightning round

 15:04 <slangasek> $ echo $(shuf -e barry doko bdmurray slangasek caribou infinity sil2100 robru cyphermox pitti tdaitx xnox chiluk)

 15:04 <slangasek> bdmurray infinity cyphermox doko robru chiluk barry pitti tdaitx sil2100 slangasek xnox caribou

 15:04 <cyphermox> so close!

 15:04 * tdaitx sorry, brb

 15:04 <bdmurray> submitted RT re updating daisy to r704

 15:04 <bdmurray> submitted RT re daisy update and setting timeout to 90 seconds

 15:04 <bdmurray> pinged webops regarding removal of extra retracers that were added due to swift issues

 15:05 <bdmurray> investigation into extra core files in swift

 15:05 <bdmurray> bumped up gunicorn timeout to 90 seconds so we will stop killing workers that are writing core files

 15:05 <bdmurray> investigation into retracers failing w/ large core files (LP: #1570937)

 15:05 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1570937 in Daisy "add in limit for size of core file accepted / retraced" [Low,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1570937

 15:05 <bdmurray> fixed submit-crash to strip the SAS so core files are always sent

 15:05 <bdmurray> submitted RT regarding access to ports.ubuntu.com from devops env

 15:05 <bdmurray> tested retracing of arm64 / ppc64el crashes

 15:05 <bdmurray> reported apport bug LP: #1585702 re failure to retrace ppc64el crashes

 15:05 <bdmurray> tested apport changes to not check uname for arch

 15:05 <bdmurray> worked with cyphermox on LP: #1566201 (apturl)

 15:05 <bdmurray> 16.04 apport and apturl SRU verification

 15:05 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1585702 in Apport "not possible to retrace ppc64el crashes" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1585702

 15:05 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1566201 in apturl (Ubuntu Xenial) "/usr/bin/apturl-gtk:AttributeError:/usr/bin/apturl-gtk@47:main:enableChannel:doEnableChannel" [High,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1566201

 15:05 <bdmurray> I'l be out on Monday which is a US holiday

 15:05 <bdmurray> âœ” done

 15:06 <slangasek> no sign of infinity

 15:06 <slangasek> cyphermox:

 15:06 <cyphermox> - Secure Boot

 15:06 <cyphermox> - debugging various installer issues

 15:06 <cyphermox> - backporting shim-signed / sbsigntool to trusty & precise.

 15:06 <cyphermox> - ltrace SRU

 15:06 <cyphermox> - debugging apturl w/ bdmurray

 15:06 <cyphermox> - aptdaemon pkcompat & pk 1.1 testing

 15:06 <cyphermox> - debugging grub efi missing configfile line w/ rharper

 15:06 <cyphermox> - fix live-installer /cdrom prefixing (bug LP: #1575652)

 15:06 <cyphermox> - network-manager-applet mobile data icon fix & SRU (LP: #1571574)

 15:06 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1575652 in live-installer (Ubuntu Xenial) "PXE install prefixes /cdrom to squashfs location, fails to find it" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1575652

 15:06 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1571574 in network-manager-applet (Ubuntu) "[SRU] 3G (WWAN) icon missing" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1571574

 15:06 <cyphermox> (done)

 15:08 <slangasek> doko: around?

 15:08 <cyphermox> isn't it a holiday in germany?

 15:08 <slangasek> oh yes

 15:08 <slangasek> robru:

 15:09 <slangasek> chiluk:

 15:10 <chiluk> * Mostly distracted with customer irqbalance issues.

 15:10 <chiluk> Intel power management issues. Affecting Haswell, Broadwell, Skylake

 15:10 <chiluk> * Kernel.org bugzilla #116591 - Mobile does not reach states deeper

 15:10 <chiluk> than PC2.  Tested with nvme, but received no benefit.

 15:10 <chiluk> * LP #1581236 - Haswell does not reach greater than pc3

 15:10 <chiluk> * LP #1579917 - Skylake with nvme does not reach greater than pc2

 15:10 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1581236 in linux (Ubuntu) "Power state does not drop lower than pc03 for package (Haswell i7-4500U) " [Medium,Incomplete] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1581236

 15:10 <chiluk> * LP #1576747 - Tested updated nm-applet. Issue still exists.

 15:10 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1579917 in linux (Ubuntu) "Skylake processor never reaches low power states on X1 Carbon gen 4 with NVMe drive" [Medium,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1579917

 15:10 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1576747 in network-manager (Ubuntu) "Network manager unable to control wifi after suspend in 16.04" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1576747

 15:10 <chiluk> * LP #1581595 - Merge partman-auto-lvm - Need sponsorship

 15:10 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1581595 in partman-auto-lvm (Ubuntu) "Merge from debian partman-auto-lvm 59" [Low,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1581595

 15:10 <chiluk> (done)

 15:10 <cyphermox> chiluk: ack, will sponsor your partman-auto-lvm

 15:11 <chiluk> thanks.

 15:11 <barry> ubuntu-image: struggling and failing w/travis; landing auth pr; landing docs branch; discovering python issue #27066! various discussions; converting zyga's proto.sh to python

 15:11 <barry> reviews: robru's parallel build branch; sil2100's system-image branch

 15:11 <chiluk> yeah I was going to push on it, but I figured cjwatson or xnox might want to do the review, as that makes sense.

 15:11 <barry> python issue#27066 (custom opener returning -1 causes SystemError)

 15:11 <barry> LP: #1578761 (rebuild & verification)

 15:11 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1578761 in python-packaging (Ubuntu Xenial) "editable mode crash" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1578761

 15:11 <barry> pycon prep - in portland starting tomorrow until june 5

 15:11 <barry> --done--

 15:13 <tdaitx> = JCK

 15:13 <tdaitx> - retrying runtime tests with xfwm4 (fewer tests fail on the automated run)

 15:13 <tdaitx> - investigating services to automate JCK runs and provide detailed reports on test runs, errors, failures, and regressions

 15:13 <tdaitx> - testing javatest regression reports

 15:13 <tdaitx> (done)

 15:15 <slangasek> no pitti because holiday in Germany; no sil2100 because holiday in Poland; so it's my turn :)

 15:15 <slangasek> * work on ubuntu-image for snappy image autobuilding

 15:15 <slangasek> * design discussions around the first boot experience in snappy

 15:15 <slangasek> * discussions of network yaml configuration for cloud-init

 15:15 <slangasek> * additional snappy hush hush special projects work

 15:15 <slangasek> * off on Monday (Memorial Day, US)

 15:15 <slangasek> (done)

 15:15 <slangasek> and xnox is on holiday

 15:15 <slangasek> caribou:

 15:16 <slangasek> oh, he sent a mail saying he'd miss the meeting

 15:16 <slangasek> WELL THEN

 15:16 <slangasek> nobody likes my meeting this week, /apparently/

 15:16 * slangasek flounce

 15:16 <slangasek> any questions? :)

 15:16 <slangasek> (about status)

 15:16 <slangasek> (not about my sanity)

 15:17 <bdmurray> slangasek: has apport on snappy been discussed at all?

 15:17 <cyphermox> thanks for the new word.

 15:17 <bdmurray> I remembered about this the other day - https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/apport/+bug/1489410/comments/6

 15:17 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1489410 in apport (Ubuntu) "do not require apt lists to be pre-installed" [Critical,Fix released]

 15:17 <slangasek> bdmurray: if it has, not recently or in my earshot

 15:19 <bdmurray> slangasek: okay

 15:19 <slangasek> bdmurray: that is, I know people were thinking about error tracker for snappy 1y+ ago, but I don't know if it's come up again or where it sits in the plan; I think we do probably want to take the initiative there and revisit the question soon

 15:19 <slangasek> (though the snappy team are working to a hard deadline next month, so probably not just this instant)

 15:20 <bdmurray> got it

 15:21 <slangasek> [TOPIC] AOB

 15:22 <slangasek> anything else?

 15:22 <slangasek> btw we do have a sprint coming up on us rather quickly again

 15:22 <bdmurray> ah, yes

 15:23 <bdmurray> I guess its SRU team related though but should the team members just be added to https://bazaar.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-release/britney/britney2-ubuntu/view/head:/britney.conf#L38?

 15:24 <slangasek> looks like the Agenda tab on https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/18GcvRfvPemTpn6lAbDNIQ6i2IXKM1ZwHfrjO24Qkank/edit#gid=1428105284 has a carry-over of our last sprint agenda - would somebody like to volunteer to create a new agenda doc and link it in?

 15:24 <slangasek> bdmurray: yes, that's JFDI

 15:24 <tdaitx> I forgot to add a status note saying that I will be on vacation the week before our sprint =)

 15:24 <slangasek> bdmurray: fwiw the reason for having one file per person, historically, is that different people had access to different commands in Debian

 15:25 <slangasek> bdmurray: that doesn't apply to us in Ubuntu, so I have thought it might make sense to smush everything into a single file (per branch) and just use revision history to see who did what

 15:26 <slangasek> but I haven't taken the time to deal with that either

 15:26 <slangasek> bdmurray: but you should feel free to fix this in either direction :)

 15:26 <bdmurray> heh, okay

 15:29 <slangasek> anything else?

 15:30 <bdmurray> not from me

 15:30 <slangasek> caribou: hi, we were just wrapping ;)

 15:30 <slangasek> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)