== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 27 Oct at 15:00 &mdash; 15:22 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2016/ubuntu-meeting.2016-10-27-15.00.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning round ===
The discussion about "Lightning round" started at 15:01.


=== AOB ===
The discussion about "AOB" started at 15:14.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * pitti (37)
 * slangasek (32)
 * cyphermox (19)
 * ubottu (18)
 * sil2100 (15)
 * bdmurray (15)
 * robru (13)
 * xnox (12)
 * barry (8)
 * tdaitx (8)
 * doko (5)
 * chiluk (3)
 * meetingology (3)



== Full Log ==


 15:00 <slangasek> #startmeeting

 15:00 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Oct 27 15:00:48 2016 UTC.  The chair is slangasek. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 15:00 <meetingology> 

 15:00 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 15:01 <pitti> lightning lotto time!

 15:01 <slangasek> [TOPIC] Lightning round

 15:01 <slangasek> $ echo $(shuf -e barry doko bdmurray slangasek caribou infinity sil2100 robru cyphermox pitti tdaitx xnox chiluk mwhudson)

 15:01 <slangasek> slangasek infinity tdaitx bdmurray xnox robru sil2100 caribou doko barry chiluk pitti cyphermox mwhudson

 15:01 <cyphermox> d'oh

 15:01 <slangasek> still writing, one sec ;)

 15:01 <pitti> haha

 15:01 <cyphermox> I'm decidedly unlucky.

 15:02 <pitti> let's start from the end if slangasek still needs time :)

 15:02 <slangasek> * proposed-migration transition shepherding (openmpi, and some other thing before that, I don't remember)

 15:02 <slangasek> * merges

 15:02 <slangasek> * kernel security updates and reboots

 15:02 <slangasek> * tracking of critical issues for Snappy GA

 15:02 <slangasek> * prep for Cloud sprint next week

 15:02 <slangasek> * travel logistics for CDO Core sprint in December

 15:02 <slangasek> * next

 15:02 <slangasek> * swapping tomorrow

 15:02 <slangasek> * Romania next week

 15:02 <slangasek> (done)

 15:02 <slangasek> infinity not in channel, so

 15:02 <slangasek> tdaitx:

 15:02 <slangasek> not so fast!

 15:03 <tdaitx> = OpenJDK Updates

 15:03 <tdaitx> * Provided 8u111 packages for Yakkety and Xenial to the security team

 15:03 <tdaitx> * Security team reported an issue with jtreg test flags (-othervm and -agentvm being used together); fixed locally but I missed to include them on the upload

 15:03 <tdaitx> * Build new 8u111 packages, waiting for the build to succeed before providing new packages to the security team

 15:03 <tdaitx> * Testing OpenJDK 7 packages

 15:03 <tdaitx> (done)

 15:03 <barry> romania!

 15:03 <bdmurray> This covers a bit of time

 15:03 <sil2100> ugh, got disconnected

 15:03 <slangasek> barry: but not actually Transylvania

 15:03 <bdmurray> updated error tracker for release of Y and dev of Z

 15:03 <bdmurray> commited fixes (daisy, errors) for LP: #1322325

 15:03 <bdmurray> created apport test crashes for zesty

 15:03 <bdmurray> Attended Devices Sprint in The Hague

 15:03 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1322325 in Errors "Create bug link is failing for python tracebacks" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1322325

 15:03 <tdaitx> wow, romenia

 15:04 <bdmurray> reported, fixed ubuntu-release-upgrader bug (LP: #1632047)

 15:04 <bdmurray> investigated, fixed casper bug LP: #1619188

 15:04 <bdmurray> xenial SRU of update-notifier bug LP: #1621629

 15:04 <bdmurray> SRU verification of update-manager SRU for T, X (LP: #1574193)

 15:04 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1632047 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu Yakkety) "DistUpgradeViewNonInteractive except hook hides the traceback" [High,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1632047

 15:04 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1619188 in casper (Ubuntu Xenial) "Unattended upgrades can break persistent live media" [Medium,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1619188

 15:04 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1621629 in update-notifier (Ubuntu Xenial) "package-data-downloader fails to process download requests" [High,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1621629

 15:04 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1574193 in update-manager (Ubuntu Yakkety) "ubuntu-support-status lists end-of-support packages (after EOL) as supported" [Medium,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1574193

 15:04 <barry> slangasek: too bad.  would have been perfect for halloween

 15:04 <bdmurray> reported update-manager bug LP: #1633569

 15:04 <bdmurray> uploaded Z, Y fixes for LP: #1633903, LP:#1632665, LP: #1635155

 15:04 <bdmurray> updated meta release files / server for yakkety release

 15:04 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1633569 in update-manager (Ubuntu Trusty) "ubuntu-support-status on 14.04 says -lts-xenial stack is unsupported" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1633569

 15:04 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1633903 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu Yakkety) "linux-image-4.8.0 not installed upon upgrade to yakkety if linux-generic not installed" [Medium,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1633903

 15:04 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1635155 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu Xenial) "ubuntu-release-upgrader crashed with AttributeError: 'ReleaseNotesViewerWebkit' object has no attribute '_on_navigation_policy_decision_requested'" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1635155

 15:04 <slangasek> barry: this may have been someone's idea in picking the location

 15:04 <bdmurray> review / fixing of a bugpattern merge proposal

 15:04 <bdmurray> SRU training of rbasak

 15:04 <bdmurray> ✔ done

 15:04 <sil2100> Could someone tell me when it's my time? :)

 15:04 <robru> sil2100: you're after me

 15:04 <xnox> may I? =)

 15:05 <xnox> * device sprint last week + report this week

 15:05 <xnox> * Rebased zua patches on top of recent SRUs

 15:05 <xnox> * Moving zua from gh to lp, for better access

 15:05 <xnox> * Facilitating zua qa testing

 15:05 <xnox> * syncing/uploading things for zesty

 15:05 <xnox> * zesty todo: more merges, boost1.62 transition

 15:05 <xnox> ..

 15:05 <robru> lp:bileto

 15:05 <robru> * new "ppa" ticket field which replaces "siloname" but without "ubuntu/" prefix

 15:05 <robru> * rename "request_id" field to "id"

 15:05 <robru> * rename "job_log" field to "log_url" for consistency with Comment.log_url

 15:05 <robru> * rename Request class to "Ticket", avoiding confusion with flask/http requests.

 15:05 <robru> * lots of minor code cleanups/maintenance

 15:05 <robru> * drop last vestiges of long-forgotten sync_request code

 15:05 <robru> * some qakit/ust iterations

 15:05 <robru> lp:qakit

 15:05 <robru> * updates to reflect aforementioned ticket field changes

 15:05 <robru> lp:queuebot

 15:05 <robru> * updates to reflect aforementioned ticket field changes

 15:06 <sil2100> Oh, my turn

 15:06 <sil2100> - Recovering from sprint last week

 15:06 <sil2100> - Sick day on Wednesday

 15:06 <sil2100> - Landing team work, silo coordination, preparing landing e-mails

 15:06 <sil2100> - Some more work on various specs for Ubuntu Personal, discussions discussions

 15:06 <sil2100> - Reviewing and pushing a dbus workaround to zesty for the systemd-logind ssh issue

 15:06 <sil2100> - Checking dbus autopkgtest failures and migration issues

 15:06 <sil2100> - Prepping ahven and dbusada rebuilds to get things moving

 15:06 <sil2100> - Changes to the landing-team-tools as per Bileto API changes

 15:06 <sil2100> - Started looking into ubuntu-image

 15:06 <sil2100> - Note: need one more reserve trainguard for the EU timezone

 15:06 <sil2100> - Off on Monday (partially) and Tuesday

 15:06 <slangasek> xnox: "zesty zua"

 15:06 <sil2100> (done)

 15:06 <doko> - GCC update (6 & snapshot)

 15:06 <doko> - met with Oracle to discuss some OpenJDK issues

 15:06 <doko> - first preparations for GCC 7

 15:06 <doko> (done)

 15:07 <xnox> slangasek, yes need to upload zesty zua too. However, at the moment the new ppa does not generate s390x build records for uploads =(

 15:07 <chiluk> barry ??

 15:08 <barry> ubuntu-image: 0.9 released & sru'd; 0.10 released w/sru on zenial blocked on LP: #1637181; 0.9+real1 (snap) file system corruption investigation (nmp :); LP: #1631156 investigation leading to upstream flake8 engagement (GL#239); LP: #1633232

 15:08 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1637181 in Ubuntu Image "100% coverage for Xenial" [Critical,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1637181

 15:08 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1631156 in Ubuntu Image "flake8.extension entry point has global ramifications" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1631156

 15:08 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1633232 in Ubuntu Image "do not create nocloud-net seed without --cloud-init parameter" [High,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1633232

 15:08 <barry> various beagleboardblack boot tests

 15:08 <barry> various snapcrafting

 15:08 <barry> debuntu: gtimelog 0.10.3-1; zope.interface 4.3.2-1; python-webob 1.6.2-1; distlib 0.2.4-1; pyflakes 1.3.0-1; zope.testing 4.6.0-1

 15:08 <barry> --done--

 15:08 <chiluk> No public work from me this week.

 15:08 <chiluk> (done)

 15:08 <pitti> autopkgtest:

 15:08 <pitti> - Add another arm64 lxd slave to get 4 more workers; now on par/slightly better than ppc64el

 15:08 <tdaitx> doko, if you can, let me know more about the openjdk discussion with oracle

 15:08 <pitti> - Improve statistics, particularly more realistic/useful pass rates

 15:08 <pitti> - Fix autopkgtest-build-lxd proxy detection for current lxd

 15:08 <pitti> - Review/land Simon's patches to support r/o testbeds with QEMU runner

 15:08 <pitti> - britney: Rework autopkgtest integration to be a Policy; now much less intrusive, cleaner, and easier to maintain/forward-port (this was also blocking robru's PPA landing support)

 15:08 <pitti> convergence-y-replace-upstart:

 15:08 <pitti> - Fix remaining issues of indicator systemd-ification landing; it landed now, after 4 months!

 15:08 <pitti> - Land ted's indicator-printers systemdification branch and corresponding unity fix to depend on that unit

 15:08 <pitti> - unity: Fix FTBFS due to new zesty cmake, and another FTBFS due to deprecated GdkScreen in zesty's Gtk

 15:09 <pitti> - unity-greeter: Port from upstart to systemd

 15:09 <pitti> - lightdm: Fix duplicate session bus in greeter

 15:09 <pitti> - Land seb128's hud upstart→ systemd branch

 15:09 <pitti> distro:

 15:09 <pitti> - pango1.0: Fix autopkgtest regression

 15:09 <pitti> - python-apt: Add distro template for zesty to fix tests

 15:09 <pitti> - Try test kernels for slow boot kernel regression (#1626436)

 15:09 <pitti> misc:

 15:09 <pitti> - Help tvoss with dynamic loopback devices for 14.04 (for snapd support)

 15:09 <pitti> - Set up apport retracers for zesty

 15:09 <pitti> - Travel preparations for cloud sprint next week

 15:09 <pitti> - lots of SRU reviews and archive admin

 15:09 <pitti> ~ ze end ~

 15:09 <doko> tdaitx: will do, when you're online, and neither at lunch or dinner ;p

 15:09 <cyphermox> - shim, shim-signed, grub2, grub2-signed uploads to Zesty with new shim snapshot (LP: #1624096)

 15:09 <cyphermox> - shim revert in yakkety broke LP: #1581299, so we need to complete the SRUs ASAP.

 15:09 <cyphermox> - initramfs-tools testing, upload to zesty (LP: #1621507)

 15:09 <cyphermox> - working on bug LP: #1629972, to properly shut down iscsi remote rootfs.

 15:09 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1624096 in shim (Ubuntu) "yakkety: backport (or rebase to) fix eliminating a double-close in shim" [High,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1624096

 15:09 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1581299 in shim-signed (Ubuntu) "shim: set second stage not work" [High,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1581299

 15:09 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1621507 in initramfs-tools (Ubuntu Yakkety) "initramfs-tools configure_networking() fails to dhcp ipv6 addresses" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1621507

 15:09 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1629972 in MAAS "networking stop incorrectly disconnects from (network) root filesystem" [Undecided,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1629972

 15:09 <cyphermox> - isc-dhcp rework for initramfs /run/net{,6}-*.conf file contents (LP: #1636530)

 15:09 <cyphermox> - golang-go.crypto snapshot and SRUs (LP: #1634609)

 15:09 <cyphermox> - juju-core 2.0.0 release and SRUs (LP: #1617440)

 15:09 <cyphermox> - started grub2 merge, rebasing patches onto ~beta3

 15:09 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1636530 in isc-dhcp (Ubuntu Yakkety) "initramfs config script mixes IPv4 and IPv6 data in the net-$iface.conf file" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1636530

 15:09 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1634609 in golang-go.crypto (Ubuntu Xenial) "de-vendorize golang-go.crypto from juju-core" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1634609

 15:09 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1617440 in juju-core (Ubuntu Yakkety) "[SRU] Juju 2 GA" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1617440

 15:10 <cyphermox> - investigating a possible bug in systemd-resolved's IPv4/IPv6 logic.

 15:10 <cyphermox> - Plumbers next week, travelling on Monday; I'll try to be online whenever possible.

 15:10 <cyphermox> (done)

 15:10 <slangasek> any questions?

 15:11 <slangasek> cyphermox: what's the outlook on having that isc-dhcp rework landed?

 15:11 <cyphermox> isc-dhcp is already uploaded.

 15:11 <cyphermox> it needs the SRU too, but it's simple and relatively safe, considering we reverted the initramfs magic.

 15:11 <cyphermox> and well, initramfs-tools is also in zesty-proposed, waiting for tests.

 15:12 <cyphermox> from there I was hoping jderose could also chime in, say if it looks good to him too.

 15:12 <cyphermox> (but I haven't seen him online recently)

 15:13 <cyphermox> on a very different note, we'll need to talk again about shims and secure boot and moving that forward, including making new keys and stuff.

 15:13 <xnox> AOB NB! europe clocks fall back on sunday; USA clocks fall back the week after; AUS has already sprung forward.

 15:14 <slangasek> [TOPIC] AOB

 15:14 <barry> iow, no meeting will be fully attended until december

 15:14 <pitti> in Athens we were mentioning using britney to land SRUs

 15:15 <pitti> instead of manually doing sru-release and then forgetting about dependencies, broken tests, etc.

 15:15 <slangasek> pitti: yeeeeess pleaaaase :)

 15:15 <pitti> I think it's not actually that hard -- we already have a "7 day age" policy, and we'd just need to add a policy taht checks the verification tags

 15:15 <pitti> is that worth pursuing?

 15:16 <pitti> slangasek: so, something I should look at when I'm not stuck with high-prio bugs? :-)

 15:16 <slangasek> pitti: ah, I have assumed that we would keep the stable releases frozen ('block-all') and require SRU team members to set unblock hints

 15:16 <pitti> slangasek: or that, yes

 15:16 <slangasek> pitti: I don't think we want auto-approval of SRUs based on tags, at least not for the first step

 15:17 <xnox> and britney needs to know to copy things into -updates, rather than release pocket. =)

 15:17 <pitti> slangasek: we actually already do have the block-all, as per e.g. http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/xenial/update_excuses.html

 15:18 <xnox> what about -security, or screw that?

 15:18 <pitti> I just don't have a good idea how the actual copying works -- who would know about that?

 15:18 <slangasek> pitti: yes; we just need to change the tooling to do unblocking, and change proposed-migration to do the actual copying

 15:18 <pitti> xnox: nah, there's no public info for that anyway

 15:19 <slangasek> pitti: cjwatson or infinity are your best bet, but they may have forgotten and you may have to just look at the code :)

 15:19 <slangasek> pitti: I believe 'heidi' is the key word

 15:19 <pitti> yeah, HeidiResultsDelta is the list of "packages to copy", I just don't know where that goes

 15:19 <pitti> well, I'll find out

 15:21 <slangasek> ok, anything else?

 15:22 <slangasek> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)