== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting: ubuntu-server-team, 02 Aug at 16:05 &mdash; 16:26 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2016/ubuntu-meeting.2016-08-02-16.05.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Review ACTION points from previous meeting ===
The discussion about "Review ACTION points from previous meeting" started at 16:06.


=== Yakkety Development ===
The discussion about "Yakkety Development" started at 16:06.

  * ''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/YakketyYak/ReleaseSchedule 
 * '''Release Bugs''' (16:07)
  * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-x-tracking-bug-tasks.html#ubuntu-server 
  * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-y-tracking-bug-tasks.html#ubuntu-server 

=== Server & Cloud Bugs (caribou) ===
The discussion about "Server & Cloud Bugs (caribou)" started at 16:11.


=== Weekly Updates & Questions for the QA Team ===
The discussion about "Weekly Updates & Questions for the QA Team" started at 16:14.

  * ''LINK:'' https://jenkins.ubuntu.com/server/ 

=== Weekly Updates & Questions for the Kernel Team (smb, sforshee, arges) ===
The discussion about "Weekly Updates & Questions for the Kernel Team (smb, sforshee, arges)" started at 16:18.


=== Upcoming Call For Papers ===
The discussion about "Upcoming Call For Papers" started at 16:21.


=== Ubuntu Server Team Events ===
The discussion about "Ubuntu Server Team Events" started at 16:22.


=== Open Discussion ===
The discussion about "Open Discussion" started at 16:23.


=== Announce next meeting date, time and chair ===
The discussion about "Announce next meeting date, time and chair" started at 16:25.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * smoser (39)
 * jgrimm (14)
 * powersj (4)
 * meetingology (3)
 * ubottu (2)
 * cpaelzer (2)
 * smb (2)
 * rbasak (1)



== Full Log ==


 16:05 <smoser> #startmeeting ubuntu-server-team

 16:05 <meetingology> Meeting started Tue Aug  2 16:05:58 2016 UTC.  The chair is smoser. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:05 <meetingology> 

 16:05 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 16:06 <smoser> #topic Review ACTION points from previous meeting

 16:06 <smoser> there were no action points from last week

 16:06 <smoser> #topic Yakkety Development

 16:06 <smoser> #link https://wiki.ubuntu.com/YakketyYak/ReleaseSchedule

 16:06 <smoser> feature freeze is coming, 2 weeks and 2 days from today

 16:06 <jgrimm> yikes

 16:07 <smoser> yeah.

 16:07 <jgrimm> summer going by entirely too fast

 16:07 <smoser> #subtopic Release Bugs

 16:07 <smoser> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-x-tracking-bug-tasks.html#ubuntu-server

 16:07 <smoser> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-y-tracking-bug-tasks.html#ubuntu-server

 16:07 <jgrimm> nothing new in y

 16:10 <smoser> please take a gander... if something jumps out at you, let us know (feelf ree to ping me)

 16:11 <jgrimm> nothing jumping out, i sorted by date on x and nothing new for a while (though we have older stuff that probably needs some triage love at least)

 16:11 <smoser> k.

 16:11 <smoser> moving on

 16:11 <smoser> #topic Server & Cloud Bugs (caribou)

 16:11 <smoser> i asked last week, do we need to update this seciton ?

 16:12 <smoser> is caribou still doing this ?

 16:12 <cpaelzer> he just is on vacaction IIRC, should be back next week - no?

 16:12 <jgrimm> smoser, he has been using this section to talk about server related bugs he is working on

 16:12 <jgrimm> and what cpaelzer said ^^  i believe still on PTO

 16:14 <jgrimm> smoser,  i'll take action if you'd like to re-evaluate what we want to accomplish in this section

 16:14 <jgrimm> i don't know the history, but i do want it to be useful

 16:14 <smoser> k. we'll move on then

 16:14 <smoser> #topic Weekly Updates & Questions for the QA Team

 16:14 <powersj> For those who have not noticed, external jenkins is live. I have started triaging automated ISO tests + UTAH. Primarily test issues, not product issues. Filed a few bugs and made a few patches, but have a long way to go.

 16:14 <smoser> \o/

 16:15 <jgrimm> nice!

 16:15 <powersj> Would like to close on simplestreams CI this week and get some automation around image checking. Currently running manual ISO tests for 14.04.5 on i386 and amd64. Nothing major seen yet, but will file issues.

 16:16 <smoser> powersj, i'll take a gander at your MP

 16:16 <smoser> url to external jenkins, powersj ?

 16:16 <powersj> smoser, thx made the one change and just need to close on dependencies

 16:16 <smoser> for those playing the home game

 16:16 <powersj> https://jenkins.ubuntu.com/server/

 16:17 <smoser> nice

 16:18 <jgrimm> indeed!

 16:18 <smoser> move on then/

 16:18 <smoser> #topic Weekly Updates & Questions for the Kernel Team (smb, sforshee, arges)

 16:18 <smb> Don't have anything new... Are there questions?

 16:19 <jgrimm> smb, an expectation when new yakkety kernel will show up? just curious

 16:19 <smb> I have lost hope in any expectations...

 16:20 <jgrimm> heh.  no worries, nothing I particularly needed out of it

 16:21 <smoser> completely un-server related, but /me would find a fix for https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/xorg-server/+bug/1604819 in a new 4.X kernel

 16:21 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1604819 in linux (Ubuntu) "screen goes completely black during usage then comes back" [Undecided,Triaged]

 16:21 <smoser> moving on

 16:21 <smoser> #topic Upcoming Call For Papers

 16:21 <smoser> anything here ?

 16:22 <jgrimm> not that i see (looking at LWN CFP calendar)

 16:22 <smoser> k

 16:22 <smoser> #topic Ubuntu Server Team Events

 16:23 <smoser> nothing really

 16:23 <smoser> #topic Open Discussion

 16:23 <cpaelzer> if anybody has a sophisticated ntp setup out there - testing xenial proposed for bug 1567540 would be nice

 16:23 <ubottu> bug 1567540 in ntp (Ubuntu Xenial) "ntpd crashed with SIGABRT (was: ntp crashes everytime the network goes up or down.)" [High,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1567540

 16:24 <jgrimm> smoser, since canonical server team will be sprint next week, we should consider cancelling next week's irc meeting??

 16:24 <rbasak> jgrimm: +1

 16:25 <smoser> i think so

 16:25 <smoser> #topic Announce next meeting date, time and chair

 16:25 <smoser> next meeting will be 2 days before feature freeze

 16:25 <smoser> August 16, 2016 at 16:00:00 UTC

 16:26 <smoser> thanks for playing.

 16:26 <smoser> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)