== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 15 Aug at 16:32 &mdash; 17:01 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2016/ubuntu-meeting.2016-08-15-16.32.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting 
=== Weekly stand-up report ===
The discussion about "Weekly stand-up report" started at 16:32.


=== Highlighted packages ===
The discussion about "Highlighted packages" started at 16:55.

  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/libxml-dt-perl.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/gcc-4.8.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/tryton-server.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/web2ldap.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/ibm-3270.html 

=== Miscellaneous and Questions ===
The discussion about "Miscellaneous and Questions" started at 16:55.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * tyhicks (47)
 * sbeattie (15)
 * jjohansen (9)
 * sarnold (8)
 * jdstrand (7)
 * mdeslaur (6)
 * meetingology (3)
 * ubottu (1)



== Full Log ==


 16:32 <tyhicks> #startmeeting

 16:32 <meetingology> Meeting started Mon Aug 15 16:32:26 2016 UTC.  The chair is tyhicks. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:32 <meetingology> 

 16:32 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 16:32 <tyhicks> The meeting agenda can be found at:

 16:32 <tyhicks> [LINK] https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting

 16:32 <tyhicks> [TOPIC] Weekly stand-up report

 16:32 <tyhicks> jdstrand: you're up

 16:36 <jdstrand> hi!

 16:36 <jdstrand> I completed the review tools updates and iterated on several of my PRs to address snappy team feedback and they are now committed (including browser-support and system-trace (for bcc). I conducted a lot of other PR reviews from others teams

 16:36 <jdstrand> I'm continuing to focus on PR reviews for lxd, udisks2/pluggable-storage, docker and serial-port (formerly zigbee-dongle)

 16:37 <jdstrand> I just got a request for another high-prioirty review for interacting with systemd

 16:37 <jdstrand> I'd like to spend some time with that one, but put it after these 4

 16:37 <jdstrand> assuming I can get through those, I'll pick up my dbus-app interface PR which should finish all the priority-bumped cards that came out of recent sprint outcomes (I suspect dbus-app won't land until next week)

 16:37 <jdstrand> that's it from me. mdeslaur, you're up

 16:38 <mdeslaur> I'm in the happy place this week

 16:38 <mdeslaur> I'm currently publishing an openssh update

 16:38 <mdeslaur> and need to investigate the regression in the qemu update that I reverted on friday

 16:38 <mdeslaur> after that, I'll be going down the list, as usual.

 16:38 <mdeslaur> that's it for me, sbeattie?

 16:38 <sbeattie> I'm on community this week.

 16:39 <sbeattie> I'm tetsing an openjdk-7 update, and have an embargoed issue

 16:39 <sbeattie> I have some upstream apparmor work to do (patch review, etc)

 16:40 <tyhicks> sbeattie: is the openjdk-7 update still blocked by the gcc-4.8 segfault in trusty?

 16:40 <sbeattie> We can discuss this after the stand-up reports, but I'd like to finish up moving the qa-r-t repo to git.

 16:41 <tyhicks> sbeattie: bjf was eager for QRT to move to git this week

 16:41 <sbeattie> tyhicks: it's not, there was a bug in the packaging that was causing it to use pre-compiled-headers on trusty on arm64. Once that was fixed to really disable it, it built fine.

 16:41 <tyhicks> great

 16:42 <sbeattie> Anyway, that's probably it for me this week.

 16:42 <sbeattie> tyhicks: you're up.

 16:42 <tyhicks> short week this week (off friday)

 16:42 <tyhicks> I'm on bug triage

 16:42 <tyhicks> I've got some MIR review assistance to continue providing

 16:43 <tyhicks> I'll be working on seccomp complain mode (hopefully - other things keep popping up)

 16:43 <tyhicks> and then maybe I can work on squashfs bugs for the review tools

 16:43 <tyhicks> that's it for me

 16:43 <tyhicks> jjohansen: you're up

 16:44 <jjohansen> I'm working on fixing a signal issue that has surfaced when stacking is used across namespaces

 16:45 <tyhicks> jjohansen: were you able to fix the oopses introduced by the fix for the name lookup errors?

 16:45 <jjohansen> and of course any new bugs that surface while testing out stacking with lxc/d

 16:46 <jjohansen> tyhicks: yes, I haven't seen any oops, and was running with stacked containers on the weekend

 16:46 <tyhicks> nice

 16:46 <jjohansen> I need to finish my review of gsettings, and get together a merge request before FF

 16:47 <jjohansen> and then I will be working on upstreaming and prepping for LSS

 16:47 <tyhicks> jjohansen: FF is thursday

 16:47 <jjohansen> yes

 16:47 <tyhicks> jjohansen: I don't think the gsettings stuff is going to make it by FF

 16:48 <jjohansen> we can certainly file for an exception if we need to, but I'd like to get it done before if we can

 16:48 <tyhicks> jjohansen: lets discuss it after this meeting

 16:48 <jjohansen> I am trying to get the apparmor end, done today

 16:48 <jjohansen> tyhicks: sure

 16:48 <tyhicks> sarnold: go ahead

 16:49 <sarnold> I've got two short weeks, out thursday through monday; I'm on cve triage but this week ratliff is going to do the cve triage, I'll be walking her through it and reviewing her checkins (same intention for bug triage and community in the ocming weeks)

 16:50 <sarnold> I'll also be doing MIR reviews but I'm not sure which ones, I haven't looked at the prioritised list lately

 16:50 <tyhicks> sarnold: if that ends up taking more time than CVE triage (or whichever role you're helping her with) would typically take, be sure to pass off some of that work to the rest of us

 16:51 <tyhicks> sarnold: I can review checkins for a day or whatever is needed

 16:51 <sarnold> tyhicks: okay, thanks

 16:51 <sarnold> hmm it seemed there was another package needed for one of the reviews I finished up last week or the week before.. i.e. no point promoting one without the other.. I can't recall what that package was now

 16:52 <tyhicks> let me know if you remember what that was

 16:52 <sarnold> tyhicks: ah that's what it is, python-pykmip https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/barbican/+bug/1543754  -- make sense?

 16:52 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1543754 in barbican (Ubuntu) "[MIR] barbican, python-pykmip" [High,In progress]

 16:52 <sarnold> it'll be an HSM layer to barbican

 16:54 <tyhicks> sarnold: ok, we'll need to discuss priorities with ratliff after the meeting

 16:54 <sarnold> tyhicks: alrighty

 16:55 <sarnold> that's it for me, I think chrisccoulson is out this week, is ratliff in?

 16:55 <tyhicks> not yet

 16:55 <tyhicks> [TOPIC] Highlighted packages

 16:55 <tyhicks> The Ubuntu Security team will highlight some community-supported packages that might be good candidates for updating and or triaging. If you would like to help Ubuntu and not sure where to start, this is a great way to do so.

 16:55 <tyhicks> See https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/UpdateProcedures for details and if you have any questions, feel free to ask in #ubuntu-security. To find out other ways of helping out, please see https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/GettingInvolved.

 16:55 <tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/libxml-dt-perl.html

 16:55 <tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/gcc-4.8.html

 16:55 <tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/tryton-server.html

 16:55 <tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/web2ldap.html

 16:55 <tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/ibm-3270.html

 16:55 <tyhicks> [TOPIC] Miscellaneous and Questions

 16:55 <tyhicks> Does anyone have any other questions or items to discuss?

 16:57 <sbeattie> Like I mentioned, I'd like to finish converting qa-r-t to git.

 16:57 <tyhicks> I'm all for it

 16:57 <tyhicks> do we have any scripts that depend on it being in bzr?

 16:57 <sbeattie> But I want to make sure the rest of the team, particularly mdeslaur, since he is probably the most active committer, is okay with that.

 16:58 <sbeattie> scripts> I don't think so.

 16:58 <tyhicks> good

 16:58 <mdeslaur> I'm ok with it

 16:58 <tyhicks> that's right, we talked about that at the last sprint

 16:58 <sbeattie> it's not used on people.c.c.

 16:58 <sbeattie> right, that's why it's a good conversion candidate.

 16:58 <tyhicks> sbeattie: are you going to be able to do the submodules thing that bjf requested?

 16:59 <sbeattie> tyhicks: not at this point, but I figure having it in git, and getting familiar with using git regularly might make that easier.

 16:59 <tyhicks> (for others, the 'submodules thing' is that the kernel team wants the kernel tests to be in a git submodule so that they don't have to pull down the entire QRT tree)

 16:59 <tyhicks> sbeattie: ok, we can always make the submodules change afterwards

 17:00 <tyhicks> sbeattie: sounds like you've got the green light

 17:00 <tyhicks> thanks

 17:00 <sbeattie> yeah, that was my thought. And realistically, we'd need two submodules: one for kernel stuff, one for testlib stuff.

 17:00 <sbeattie> tyhicks: awesome, thanks.

 17:01 <tyhicks> jdstrand, mdeslaur, sbeattie, jjohansen, sarnold: Thanks!

 17:01 <tyhicks> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)