== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting: ubuntu-server-team, 22 Mar at 16:00 &mdash; 16:47 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2016/ubuntu-meeting.2016-03-22-16.00.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Review ACTION points from previous meeting ===
The discussion about "Review ACTION points from previous meeting" started at 16:01.


=== Xenial Development ===
The discussion about "Xenial Development" started at 16:02.

  * ''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/XenialXerus/ReleaseSchedule 
 * '''Release Bugs''' (16:09)
  * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-w-tracking-bug-tasks.html#ubuntu-server 

=== Server & Cloud Bugs (caribou) ===
The discussion about "Server & Cloud Bugs (caribou)" started at 16:12.


=== Weekly Updates & Questions for the QA Team (matsubara) ===
The discussion about "Weekly Updates & Questions for the QA Team (matsubara)" started at 16:13.


=== Weekly Updates & Questions for the Kernel Team (smb, sforshee, arges) ===
The discussion about "Weekly Updates & Questions for the Kernel Team (smb, sforshee, arges)" started at 16:17.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * coreycb (35)
 * jgrimm (30)
 * matsubara (15)
 * cpaelzer (13)
 * caribou (12)
 * teward (11)
 * rbasak-laptop (7)
 * smb (5)
 * meetingology (4)
 * ubottu (2)
 * kickinz1 (2)



== Full Log ==


 16:00 <coreycb> #startmeeting ubuntu-server-team

 16:00 <meetingology> Meeting started Tue Mar 22 16:00:46 2016 UTC.  The chair is coreycb. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:00 <meetingology> 

 16:00 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 16:00 <jgrimm> o/

 16:00 <teward> o/

 16:00 <coreycb> hello everyone

 16:01 <coreycb> let's get started

 16:01 <cpaelzer> o/

 16:01 <coreycb> #topic Review ACTION points from previous meeting

 16:01 <coreycb> let's see..

 16:01 <coreycb> jgrimm to update/clean up blueprint

 16:01 <matsubara> o/

 16:01 <jgrimm> coreycb, keep it for me

 16:01 <coreycb> jgrimm, will do

 16:02 <coreycb> that was it for action items from last time

 16:02 <coreycb> #topic Xenial Development

 16:02 <coreycb> #link https://wiki.ubuntu.com/XenialXerus/ReleaseSchedule

 16:02 <coreycb> One month until final release of xenial!

 16:02 <jgrimm> w00t

 16:03 <jgrimm> wow, wiki is painfully slow loading

 16:03 <cpaelzer> you even get internal server errors sometimes

 16:03 <coreycb> xenial entered final beta freeze yesterday

 16:04 <coreycb> the upload queue is frozen at this point until final freeze so uploads require release team review

 16:04 <coreycb> final beta images are scheduled for release late Thurs

 16:04 <coreycb> s/final freeze/final release/ above

 16:04 <caribou> do we want to push for kickinz1's latest clamav merge through release review ?

 16:05 <caribou> there is an FFE for that one I believe

 16:06 <caribou> jgrimm: ^^

 16:06 <jgrimm> caribou, what's in it?

 16:06 <coreycb> caribou, maybe rbasak-laptop has input too

 16:06 <caribou> jgrimm: dunno kickinz1 did the recent merge

 16:06 <rbasak-laptop> I'm not sure I've seen it.

 16:06 <rbasak-laptop> Does it involve feature changes?

 16:06 <kickinz1> jgrimm, caribou not a lot, mainly debian cleanups

 16:07 <caribou> llvm3.6 is one thing I noticed

 16:07 <caribou> we may want to avoid dragging llvm3.5 deps into Xenial

 16:08 <caribou> I'll take that one offline with the release team if you don't mind

 16:08 <coreycb> caribou, sounds good, thanks

 16:08 <coreycb> caribou, I'll put an action down and we can check status next week

 16:08 <caribou> coreycb: was about to ask

 16:09 <coreycb> alright then moving on

 16:09 <coreycb> #subtopic Release Bugs

 16:09 <coreycb> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-w-tracking-bug-tasks.html#ubuntu-server

 16:09 <jgrimm> caribou, kickinz1:  wrt clamav. if just cleanups, probably not worth pushing .. everyone's busy and other stuff we really do want to get in

 16:10 <coreycb> bug 1508874 is high importance and not triaged

 16:10 <ubottu> bug 1508874 in nova-lxd (Ubuntu Xenial) "Please disable cpu resource configuration" [High,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1508874

 16:10 <caribou> jgrimm: I'll ask Foundation about the llvm3.6 dependancy

 16:10 <jgrimm> caribou, k

 16:11 <coreycb> jamespage, can we mark 1508874 as triaged?  I assume so.

 16:11 <kickinz1> caribou, jgrimm I agree, previous ubuntu clamav is alreay depending on llvm3.6

 16:12 <jgrimm> k

 16:12 <coreycb> that's all I see for bugs

 16:12 <coreycb> moving on

 16:12 <coreycb> #topic Server & Cloud Bugs (caribou)

 16:13 <caribou> I'm working on adding dep8 tests to makedumpfile

 16:13 <caribou> also working on enabling it on s390x

 16:13 <coreycb> caribou, sounds fun, good luck

 16:13 <caribou> other than that, nothing worth mentioning

 16:13 <coreycb> caribou, ok thanks

 16:13 <coreycb> #topic Weekly Updates & Questions for the QA Team (matsubara)

 16:13 <matsubara> hi there

 16:13 <matsubara> Test case failure: https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/debian-installer/+bug/1559507

 16:13 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1559507 in debian-installer (Ubuntu) "Keyboard selection is missed" [High,Confirmed]

 16:14 <matsubara> so, teward and philw brought to my attention that bug yesterday. I confirmed the issue today.

 16:14 <matsubara> It's not possible to choose the keyboard layout

 16:14 <matsubara> some further info from another reporter indicates a similar  problem is happening in the desktop iso

 16:14 <matsubara> so I'll look into that issue and keep the OP and reporters updated in the bug report.

 16:15 <jgrimm> thanks matsubara

 16:15 <coreycb> matsubara, ok thanks.  should that be escalated to the desktop team?

 16:15 <matsubara> coreycb, I'll debug it further today and then talk to someone in the desktop team

 16:15 <coreycb> matsubara, sounds good

 16:15 <matsubara> in any case, I'll look into what's the root cause

 16:15 <coreycb> matsubara, thanks

 16:16 <matsubara> also, I wrote a dep8 test for open-iscsi to avoid regressions like https://code.launchpad.net/bugs/1553017

 16:16 <coreycb> any questions for matsubara ?

 16:16 <matsubara> I'm sheparding it through review

 16:16 <coreycb> matsubara, nice job, lots of dep8 test working going on!

 16:16 <matsubara> but I expect it to be landed this week

 16:16 <matsubara> and that's all from me

 16:16 <matsubara> thanks coreycb

 16:17 <coreycb> #topic Weekly Updates & Questions for the Kernel Team (smb, sforshee, arges)

 16:17 <matsubara> s/to be landed/to land it/

 16:17 <smb> Nothing about the kernel as far as I know. Maybe to mention here as well that fixing dhclient required updating bind9 so might be good to keep an eye on DNS as well in case there was collateral damage there (in Xenial that is). Anything to bring up / ask us?

 16:18 <smb> 3..2..1..gone..

 16:19 <jgrimm> thanks!

 16:23 <jgrimm> coreycb, still there?

 16:24 <jgrimm> heh.  well, let's keep going

 16:24 <jgrimm> #topic Upcoming Call For Papers

 16:25 <jgrimm> #topic Ubuntu Server Team Events

 16:26 <jgrimm> #topic Open Discussion

 16:26 <jgrimm> is anyone left out there?

 16:26 <teward> i'm still alive

 16:26 * rbasak-laptop is here

 16:26 <teward> but it got missed in the Xenial Development part

 16:26 <jgrimm> heh. thanks was feeling lonely

 16:26 <cpaelzer> yep

 16:26 <teward> after poking the Release team, nginx 1.9.12 finally landed

 16:27 <rbasak-laptop> \o/

 16:27 <teward> the FFe for the upload got stucked

 16:27 <rbasak-laptop> Thanks teward

 16:27 <teward> once infinity approved, i pushed the upload in, and it landed.  :)

 16:27 <jgrimm> \o/

 16:27 <rbasak-laptop> I really appreciate not having to worry about nginx

 16:27 <teward> rbasak-laptop: you're welcome, next update is going to be equally annoying I think given Final Beta freeze, but I'll check with Release team before uploading anything more :)

 16:27 <rbasak-laptop> Since I know you have a handle on it

 16:27 <teward> rbasak-laptop: indeed, it's nice to have it always-watched by someone :)

 16:28 <teward> rbasak-laptop: i'm happy to keep an eye on it :)

 16:28 * teward returns to silence and shadows

 16:28 <jgrimm> thanks teward

 16:28 <teward> jgrimm: you're welcome!

 16:29 <jgrimm> anyone else?

 16:29 <smb> Hm, maybe as open discussion topic... how do we convince the bot to end the meeting without coreycb ? ;)

 16:29 <jgrimm> smb, indeed!

 16:30 <cpaelzer> command should be command, no matter who issues it right?

 16:30 <cpaelzer> oh really it cares about the "master" of the session - uh

 16:30 <smb> No I think there is a affection to the person who starts a meeting

 16:30 <jgrimm> claims to need chair

 16:31 <jgrimm> we can try for kicks tho

 16:31 <jgrimm> #endmeeting

 16:31 <jgrimm> there ya go.

 16:33 <cpaelzer> #chair jgrimm

 16:33 <jgrimm> #endmeeting

 16:33 <jgrimm> still nothing

 16:33 <cpaelzer> #unchair coreycb

 16:34 <cpaelzer> none of the chair commands work if not being a chair :-/

 16:34 <cpaelzer> staring a new one might ovveride it?

 16:34 <cpaelzer> starting

 16:34 <meetingology> jgrimm: Error: Can't start another meeting, one is in progress.

 16:35 <jgrimm> cpaelzer, i think it timesout at somepoint

 16:35 <jgrimm> or i hope at least

 16:36 <cpaelzer> kernel Team is next in 25 minutes

 16:36 <cpaelzer> smb: will notice then

 16:36 <smb> cpaelzer, luckily we don't do those anymore

 16:36 <cpaelzer> ok, then it should time out - 2nd is in almost two days

 16:37 <jgrimm> Well, thanks everyone.. hopefully will resolve itself.



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)