== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 18 Feb at 16:03 &mdash; 16:41 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2016/ubuntu-meeting.2016-02-18-16.03.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning Round ===
The discussion about "Lightning Round" started at 16:03.


=== AOB ===
The discussion about "AOB" started at 16:14.

  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg 
  * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/bugs/1546823 



== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * pitti (55)
 * sil2100 (35)
 * doko (31)
 * xnox (23)
 * barry (20)
 * robru (17)
 * cyphermox (14)
 * ubottu (11)
 * bdmurray (10)
 * nacc (6)
 * meetingology (3)
 * caribou (1)



== Full Log ==


 16:03 <pitti> #startmeeting

 16:03 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Feb 18 16:03:39 2016 UTC.  The chair is pitti. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:03 <meetingology> 

 16:03 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 16:03 <pitti> #topic Lightning Round

 16:03 <pitti> $ echo $(shuf -e barry doko bdmurray slangasek caribou infinity sil2100 robru cyphermox pitti tdaitx xnox)

 16:03 <pitti> slangasek cyphermox barry caribou bdmurray xnox sil2100 robru doko pitti infinity tdaitx

 16:04 <pitti> and the winner is absent!

 16:04 <pitti> cyphermox: would you have the honor?

 16:04 <doko> or silently listening ;p

 16:04 <pitti> and did I miss anyone? chiluk?

 16:05 <barry> pitti: i think chiluk was the only missing

 16:05 * xnox ponders that i should probably prepare and update note or something

 16:05 <pitti> barry: go ahead please

 16:05 <barry> (based on my last meeting bip log)

 16:05 <barry> pytest 2.8.7-2; python-mode 1:6.2.2-1; debian bug #813399 (python-pip 8.0.2-6); debian bug #814571 (python-pip 8.0.2-7); debian bug #814834; fixing other issues with proposed migration for tox and virtualenv; tox 2.3.1-2 and 2.3.1-3; fades 5-1; planet-venus merge and sync;

 16:05 <ubottu> Debian bug 813399 in python-pip-whl "python-pip-whl: fails to upgrade from 'testing' - trying to overwrite /usr/share/python-wheels/six-1.10.0-py2.py3-none-any.whl" [Serious,Fixed] http://bugs.debian.org/813399

 16:05 <ubottu> Debian bug 814571 in python-pip "python-setuptools-whl and python-pip-whl: error when trying to install together" [Serious,Fixed] http://bugs.debian.org/814571

 16:05 <ubottu> Debian bug 814834 in src:pytest "pytest fails its DEP-8 tests on Python 3.5-only systems" [Important,Fixed] http://bugs.debian.org/814834

 16:05 <barry> system-image server reviews for sil2100; LP: 1508081

 16:05 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1508081 in ubuntu-system-settings (Ubuntu) "Fails to receive OTA updates" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1508081

 16:05 <barry> LP: #1440504 (libpeas split - done!)

 16:05 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1440504 in libpeas (Debian) "libpeas-1.0-0 depends on both libpython2.7 and libpython3.4" [Unknown,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1440504

 16:06 <barry> helped kirkland and others with some python questions

 16:06 <barry> Python 3 only spec: 11 packages still holding python2 on the desktop iso; software-center is gone!  the next big one is samba-libs.

 16:06 <barry> --done--

 16:06 <pitti> s-c is already gone? wohooo!!

 16:06 <pitti> congrats

 16:06 <pitti> so gnome-software it is now?

 16:06 <barry> i think so.  it's not on today's daily

 16:06 <pitti> caribou: ?

 16:07 <doko> pitti, just sent a note that he's late

 16:07 <pitti> bdmurray: ?

 16:07 <bdmurray> worked on getting floating IPs assinged to daisy & errors (devops)

 16:07 <bdmurray> worked w/ webops re mojo issue after wendigo update

 16:07 <bdmurray> submitted mojo bug (LP: #1546262) re directories

 16:07 <bdmurray> backport of new gdb to precise / upload to daisy-pluckers ppa

 16:07 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1546262 in mojo "mojo required full path for $MOJO_SPEC" [Medium,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1546262

 16:08 <bdmurray> upgrading gdb on staging / production retracers

 16:08 <bdmurray> discussion w/ stub regarding cassandra data migration

 16:08 <bdmurray> research into LP: #1544612 (wireless sysctl file)

 16:08 <bdmurray> research into debootstrap bug (LP: #1544760)

 16:08 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1544612 in pm-utils (Ubuntu Trusty) "Missing fix for 1299975 claimed to be in pm-utils (1.4.1-13ubuntu0.1)" [High,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1544612

 16:08 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1544760 in debootstrap (Ubuntu) "Not possible to use armhf with debootstrap" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1544760

 16:08 <bdmurray> research into gdb and stacktrace_address_signature issue

 16:08 <bdmurray> ✔ done

 16:08 <cyphermox> ugh, sorry, I'm here now

 16:08 <xnox> please skip me.

 16:09 <pitti> cyphermox: ok, take xnox' place then (now)

 16:09 <sil2100> cyphermox: maybe you go now?

 16:09 <sil2100> :)

 16:09 <cyphermox> aye

 16:09 <cyphermox> xenial:

 16:09 <cyphermox> - debugging hw-detect disk scan errors on RDAC multipath (bug lp: #1546606)

 16:09 <cyphermox> - enable libnftnl tests

 16:09 <cyphermox> - investigating memtest avail. on server image w/ smoser

 16:09 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1546606 in hw-detect (Ubuntu) "Unable to install Ubuntu 16.04 on Tuleta with multipath setup" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1546606

 16:09 <cyphermox> - reviewing new package: libcxl

 16:09 <cyphermox> - rework ubiquity prepare plugin

 16:09 <cyphermox> - testing console-setup merge

 16:09 <cyphermox> - unbreak ubiquity for kubuntu

 16:09 <cyphermox> trusty:

 16:09 <cyphermox> - cert on powerVM

 16:09 <cyphermox> - prepare Changes doc for 14.04.4 release

 16:09 <cyphermox> (done)

 16:09 <sil2100> o/

 16:09 <sil2100> - Landing team work, silo coordination, preparing landing e-mails

 16:09 <sil2100> - RTM Status meetings

 16:09 <sil2100> - Coordinating the release of the glibc security fix to ubuntu-touch

 16:09 <sil2100> - Custom tarball infrastructure:

 16:09 <sil2100> * Following up on the team's RT ticket

 16:09 <sil2100> * Getting access to s-jenkins for reference

 16:09 <sil2100> * Poking Francis and Paul for an armhf jenkins slave, setting it up

 16:09 <sil2100> - OTA-9.1 (hotfix):

 16:10 <sil2100> * Heated discussion about the milestone existance, fix to include itp.

 16:10 <sil2100> * Preparing the emergency snapshot PPA with the proper contents

 16:10 <sil2100> * Multiple image builds (re-spins) and cherry-picking fixes

 16:10 <sil2100> - OTA-9.5 (frieza):

 16:10 <sil2100> * Preparations of images, copying first official candidate to the rc channel

 16:10 <sil2100> - system-image:

 16:10 <sil2100> * More tests for scripts

 16:10 <sil2100> * Finishing up and merging in the fix for repacking recovery keyrings

 16:10 <sil2100> - Some minor work regarding enablement of the turbo device in our public system-image

 16:10 <sil2100> - Taking care of the python-pysaml2 merge

 16:10 <sil2100> - Seed changes as per pending ubuntu-touch requirements

 16:10 <sil2100> - Discussions about the future of our touch frameworks

 16:10 <sil2100> - Planning and experimenting on a way to auto-validate OTA PPA snapshots contents

 16:10 <sil2100> (done)

 16:10 <pitti> sil2100: oh, s-jenkins is still a thing? I thought these all got shut down

 16:10 <sil2100> pitti: no, it's still there as many teams didn't manage to migrate

 16:10 * xnox is ready

 16:11 <pitti> xnox: go

 16:11 <robru> go xnox

 16:11 <xnox> Doing a few NEW packages for s390x port, all in NEW waiting review

 16:11 <xnox> Did a fixup of packages not rebuilt for python3.5 transition

 16:11 <xnox> Was out Thursday-Friday last week on holiday, at SPI sprint in NYC loads of progress on how to get SPI running better, bdale was there met up with Karen too

 16:11 <xnox> Fixing a bunch of installer related bugs, on s390x.

 16:11 <xnox> Working on fixing FTBFS of docker.io build-depends, to have a chance at merging it (golang circular FTBFS build-deps make this bootstrap fun)

 16:11 <xnox> ..

 16:11 <robru> lp:bileto

 16:11 <robru> * send britney results immediately after each silo is known rather than batching results until all silos are complete

 16:11 <robru> * fix a bunch of logging issues in the britney glue related to python output buffering

 16:11 <robru> * begin using proper production creds rather than logging into lp anonymously

 16:11 <robru> * big refactoring, dropping SSO team & server side session support, eliminating several hundred lines of code

 16:11 <robru> * [not landed yet] began working on ephemeral PPA creation & deletion.

 16:11 <robru> lp:canonical-mojo-specs

 16:11 <robru> * finally fixed issue with postgres charm, so db is back on persistent disk

 16:11 <robru> lp:cupstream2distro

 16:11 <robru> * refactor all the new swift code to greatly improve reliability of artifact uploads

 16:11 <robru> * log swift artifacts in publish log for easy reference

 16:11 <robru> (end)

 16:12 <pitti> robru: ah, did the staggering of britney help reduce the latency?

 16:12 <doko> - usual toolchain updates ...

 16:12 <doko> - more transitions, ftbfs fixes, nbs, ...

 16:12 <doko> - ongoing gnutls transition

 16:12 <doko> - preparing for go1.6, both golang and gccgo

 16:12 <doko> - python3 bindings for samba libs talloc, tdb, ldb

 16:12 <doko> - gdb 7.11 (branch)

 16:12 <doko> - bind9 review and bug fixes

 16:12 <robru> pitti: yeah

 16:12 <doko> - grep build failure on powerpc, solved by giving it back a dozen times

 16:12 <doko> - gcc-4.9 and cross compilers now finally buildable in the release pocket

 16:12 <doko> - finally patched various unity packages myself to get rid off libgee

 16:12 <doko> (done)

 16:12 <pitti> autopkgtest:

 16:12 <pitti> - Simplify autopkgtest-retrier code, generalize it, and integrate into autopkgtest-cloud

 16:12 <pitti> - Enable test requests from GitHub; running for systemd upstream PRs now

 16:12 <pitti> - Support multiple trigger arguments for request.cgi (mostly for kernel team)

 16:12 <pitti> Apport:

 16:12 <pitti> - Review/fix/cleanup stgraber's branch for reporting crashes in containers, landed in Xenial

 16:12 <pitti> - Adjust tests for new gdb

 16:12 <pitti> - Investigate bad address signatures (#1533349)

 16:12 <robru> pitti: each run takes an hour now so putting results immediately rather than waiting till the end is a huge speedup

 16:12 <pitti> distro:

 16:12 <pitti> - Build and test fresh xenial -base langpacks

 16:12 <pitti> - Review/sponsor smoser's open-iscsi merge

 16:12 <pitti> - systemd: Debug test failure on several arches, fix installation with RAMTMP=yes (#1545707), various autopkgtest robustifications

 16:13 <pitti> - pm-utils: Fix wireless hooks for different drivers (#1544612), some packaging modernizations

 16:13 <pitti> - merged util-linux

 16:13 <pitti> ␄

 16:13 <pitti> no infinity, so tdaitx

 16:13 <xnox> doko, do you want to upload golang 1.6 final? or should I?

 16:13 <pitti> sil2100: "future of our touch frameworks" → in terms of moving to snappy, or moving away from vivid? any news ther?

 16:13 <doko> xnox, I was asked to do it, but if you want, go ahead

 16:14 <xnox> doko, ok, let me see if i can get that in today.

 16:14 <pitti> ok, no tdaitx either

 16:14 <pitti> #topic AOB

 16:15 <doko> component mismatches ...

 16:15 <doko> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg

 16:15 <sil2100> pitti: not so far into the future like snappy, but we a few meetings regarding how to manage those per-OTA update and what to do after we switch away from vivid

 16:15 <sil2100> pitti: nothing definite yet though, we didn't have any decision power there so far

 16:15 <pitti> sil2100: well, having a workable solution already sounds very promising :)

 16:15 <pitti> thanks

 16:15 <doko> please have a look at these on the top, see which is foundations related, pick up an incomplete MIR ...

 16:16 <robru> sil2100: what's the timeline to switch away from vivid?

 16:16 <xnox> sil2100, what about building ubuntu userspace on arm64? and supporting armhf & arm64 in the store?

 16:16 <barry> doko: `python3 -m venv foo` still works

 16:17 <sil2100> robru: no real timetable, it's a taboo topic right now, everyone thinks about it but no one wants to talk about it our loud

 16:17 <sil2100> ;)

 16:18 <barry> sil2100: so system-image is still twitching :)

 16:18 <sil2100> xnox: I know there were a few management discussions about that but sadly I wasn't included, so I don't know much about the final plans

 16:18 <robru> sil2100: oh that sounds like a healthy way to run a commercial product

 16:19 <sil2100> xnox: for now we stick with armhf userspace

 16:20 <sil2100> barry: well, in a sense, yes ;) I don't know what to think anymore as whenever I talk about s-i somewhere people are like: "meh, it's old stuff, snappy that snappy this"

 16:21 <barry> sil2100: yeah

 16:21 <doko> so who picks which incomplete MIR?

 16:21 <barry> but i've also been told i can't ignore si client just yet ;)

 16:22 <sil2100> barry: it's hard to say we should ignore s-i since most of my day is related to doing s-i stuff ;p

 16:22 <pitti> anything else for the meeting, or should we close this?

 16:22 <barry> sil2100: right.  i have a high priority task that i will be getting back to today

 16:22 <sil2100> barry: in case you have an MR, you know where to find me!

 16:23 <barry> sil2100: \o/

 16:23 <doko> pitti, well, I asked, but nobody replied

 16:24 <pitti> well, since libbusiness-isbn-perl is at the left, I'll just pick that

 16:24 <caribou> o/

 16:24 <pitti> indicator-datetime has been there for multiple releases and is an "ignore", right?

 16:24 <barry> xnox: is gonna automatically fix all the 'B's

 16:24 <xnox> ?!

 16:25 * xnox looks

 16:25 <barry> xnox: build-depends :)

 16:25 <doko> pitti, please cut the dependency chain before maven-debian-helper

 16:25 <pitti> doko: oh, I was going to cut it right at the top if possible

 16:25 <doko> indicator-datetime is a false positive

 16:25 <xnox> barry, well, we need to send pitti and doko on a holiday for like a month, do the lp switch, then when they come back it will be "too late" to change things back.

 16:26 <pitti> I'll reply to your last reply on the ML

 16:26 <doko> xnox, if you send us way, nothing will migrate anymore

 16:26 <pitti> that's not what I meant

 16:26 <pitti> doko: hm, but that also means nothing will break, so we *can* actually go to holidays

 16:26 <xnox> this svg graph is fun

 16:27 <xnox> i like the island of "python-hypothesis" =)

 16:27 <barry> i'm glad i have a jillion x bazillion resolution monitor

 16:27 <doko> barry, do you take python-hypothesis?

 16:27 <barry> doko: yes, i jsut found that

 16:27 <barry> LP: #1546982

 16:27 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1546982 in python-genty (Ubuntu) "[MIR] b-d's of python-hypothesis: python-flaky and python-genty" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1546982

 16:27 * xnox ponders why we have kde4 in main

 16:27 <xnox> sorry kde4libs

 16:28 <pitti> we always had

 16:28 <pitti> php5, that sounds like picking which version of PHP we want to support in xenial

 16:29 <pitti> firebird is something that I wouldn't like to see in main, the rest looks harmless at first sight

 16:29 <xnox> firebird is evil.

 16:29 <doko> firebird is dropped in 5, needs to be dropped in 7

 16:29 <pitti> but I'm quite sure php can be built without firebird support

 16:29 <xnox> i see like 3 patches to get us onto php7 i think.

 16:30 <doko> but it's unclear for me how far we are away from 7

 16:30 <pitti> so is "7" the answer for xenial now?

 16:30 <nacc> pitti: yes (from the server team)

 16:30 <pitti> as long as it's not two major versions

 16:30 <pitti> nacc: ah, good

 16:30 <nacc> right, just 7

 16:30 <nacc> no 5

 16:30 <doko> pitti, both depend on defaults ...

 16:31 <doko> nacc, how will you drop 5?

 16:31 <pitti> ok, so that whole php5 blob there should disappear

 16:31 <doko> anyway, one last issue: http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/transitions/html/gnutls28.html

 16:31 <doko> fixes welcome

 16:32 <doko> needed for everything execpt efl and ubuntu-meta

 16:32 <xnox> https://bugs.launchpad.net/bugs/1546823

 16:32 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1546823 in swig (Ubuntu) "swig: disable PHP bindings until PHP7 support exists" [Wishlist,New]

 16:32 <xnox> are three outstanding patches there, i think.

 16:33 <nacc> doko: not sure how to answer that, we have an ongoing transition to migrate all deps throughout the archive to php- (not php7.0-) as requested by the debian maintainer, and there's a bootstrap needed for building some tightly bd-looped stuff

 16:33 <nacc> doko: but in theory once that's done (and i've got another set that needs manual work), there will be nothing depending on php5 in the archive

 16:35 <nacc> xnox: right that's an unfortunate consequence, but does fix-up two of the main -> php5 deps that i hit; and the hope is we can get upstream fixed relatively soon (just haven't had enough time to spend on it myself)

 16:40 <doko> pitti, end?

 16:41 <pitti> yeah, I guess so

 16:41 <pitti> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)