== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting: ubuntu-server-team, 26 Jul at 16:02 &mdash; 16:23 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2016/ubuntu-meeting.2016-07-26-16.02.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Review ACTION points from previous meeting ===
The discussion about "Review ACTION points from previous meeting" started at 16:02.


=== Yakkety Development ===
The discussion about "Yakkety Development" started at 16:03.

  * ''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/YakketyYak/ReleaseSchedule 
  * ''LINK:'' http://fridge.ubuntu.com/2016/07/21/ubuntu-16-04-1-lts-released/ 
 * '''Release Bugs''' (16:06)
  * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-x-tracking-bug-tasks.html#ubuntu-server 
  * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-y-tracking-bug-tasks.html#ubuntu-server 

=== Server & Cloud Bugs (caribou) ===
The discussion about "Server & Cloud Bugs (caribou)" started at 16:09.


=== Weekly Updates & Questions for the QA Team ===
The discussion about "Weekly Updates & Questions for the QA Team" started at 16:10.


=== Weekly Updates & Questions for the Kernel Team (smb, sforshee, arges) ===
The discussion about "Weekly Updates & Questions for the Kernel Team (smb, sforshee, arges)" started at 16:14.

  * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/linux/+bug/1602299 

=== Upcoming Call For Papers ===
The discussion about "Upcoming Call For Papers" started at 16:16.


=== Ubuntu Server Team Events ===
The discussion about "Ubuntu Server Team Events" started at 16:16.


=== Open Discussion ===
The discussion about "Open Discussion" started at 16:17.


=== Announce next meeting date, time and chair ===
The discussion about "Announce next meeting date, time and chair" started at 16:19.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * smoser (57)
 * powersj (5)
 * meetingology (3)
 * ubottu (2)
 * cpaelzer (2)
 * smb (2)
 * rharper (2)
 * teward (1)



== Full Log ==


 16:02 <smoser> #startmeeting ubuntu-server-team

 16:02 <meetingology> Meeting started Tue Jul 26 16:02:02 2016 UTC.  The chair is smoser. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:02 <meetingology> 

 16:02 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 16:02 <smoser> Welcome back my friends

 16:02 <smoser> to the show that never ends

 16:02 <smoser> we're so glad you could attend

 16:02 <smoser> come inside, come inside

 16:02 <smoser> #topic Review ACTION points from previous meeting

 16:03 <smoser> no action points. this is good.

 16:03 <smoser> #topic Yakkety Development

 16:03 <smoser> #link https://wiki.ubuntu.com/YakketyYak/ReleaseSchedule

 16:04 <smoser> there is alpha2 for opt-in flavors this week.

 16:05 <cpaelzer> regarding FF, since we weren't sure before

 16:05 <cpaelzer> FYI: We just this week got confirmed that the Open Vswitch branching of 2.6 will be on 1st of August and thereby should work on without FFE. jamespage planned to do an early OVS package as soon as they branched and dpdk 16.07 should be kind of ready til then.

 16:05 <smoser> the bigger release point was last thursday, with 16.04.1

 16:05 <smoser> http://fridge.ubuntu.com/2016/07/21/ubuntu-16-04-1-lts-released/

 16:06 <smoser> and, yeah, as cpaelzer said. feature freeze is August 18.

 16:06 <smoser> #subtopic Release Bugs

 16:06 <smoser> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-x-tracking-bug-tasks.html#ubuntu-server

 16:06 <smoser> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-y-tracking-bug-tasks.html#ubuntu-server

 16:07 <smoser> wow.

 16:07 <smoser> bug 1604128

 16:08 <ubottu> bug 1604128 in maas (Ubuntu Xenial) "[2.0RC2] Unable to add a public SSH Key due to lp1604147" [Critical,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1604128

 16:08 <smoser> With a recent update of python from 3.5.1 to 3.5.2, the pathlib.Path.path property is gone.

 16:08 <smoser> reportedly that happened from 3.5.1 to 3.5.2. i woudl nto have expected that

 16:09 <smoser> please take a look at those 2 urls, if you see something there that you could help triage or fix, please do

 16:09 <rharper> smoser: wow

 16:09 <smoser> so we'll move on.

 16:09 <smoser> #topic Server & Cloud Bugs (caribou)

 16:10 <smoser> is this topic still valid to point at caribou ?

 16:10 <smoser> he's not her, so we'll go on.

 16:10 <smoser> #topic Weekly Updates & Questions for the QA Team

 16:10 <powersj> New CI job structure in place, allowing for matrix runs across different architectures and breaking out tests in YAML for better scaling/organization. This mornings runs were red, but I have fixed all those up now. I am still trying to find a better way of not testing in production :)

 16:10 <powersj> cloud-init migration to git means CI is broken for git related merges/commits. The LaunchPad plugin does not support git. I have filed LP#1606394 to see if anyone has any thoughts or advice on how to get started with that. This will take some work.

 16:11 <powersj> External Jenkins is possible, but our URL would need to change (https://jenkins.canonical.com/server), any objections to that? This may mean a day or so of downtime while I update the slaves. If I hear nothing I am going to request the migration to an external address

 16:11 <smoser> i have no issue with updating urls.

 16:11 <powersj> ok

 16:11 <powersj> and note my issue with git CI :)

 16:12 <rharper> powersj: +1 on the update

 16:12 <smoser> powersj, thanks for filing bug. yeah. i'll look a bit there too.

 16:13 <smoser> anyone have anything for powersj ?

 16:14 <smoser> moving on

 16:14 <smoser> #topic Weekly Updates & Questions for the Kernel Team (smb, sforshee, arges)

 16:14 <smb> Not much to report. Currently trying to fix some stupid bcache on ppc64le problem

 16:15 <smoser> ah. nice. do you have a bug number?

 16:15 <smoser> this is from curtin's vmtest ?

 16:15 <smb> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/linux/+bug/1602299

 16:15 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1602299 in linux (Ubuntu) "bcache is unstable on ppc64el" [High,Confirmed]

 16:15 <smoser> thank you smb.

 16:16 <smoser> #topic Upcoming Call For Papers

 16:16 <smoser> anyone have anything here?

 16:16 <smoser> or

 16:16 <smoser> #topic Ubuntu Server Team Events

 16:16 <smoser> i dont know of anything coming up... anyone else ?

 16:17 <smoser> and going on...

 16:17 <smoser> #topic Open Discussion

 16:17 <smoser> i'll throw in an announcement / topic here.

 16:17 <smoser> cloud-init is in the process of

 16:17 <smoser> a.) moving to launchpad git for its version control system

 16:18 <smoser> b.) targetting a release of 0.7.7 after long time

 16:18 <smoser> https://launchpad.net/cloud-init/+milestone/0.7.7

 16:18 <smoser> if you are aware of bugs you think need fixing there, please let me knwo.

 16:18 <teward> wow I'm horribly late to the server team meeting heh.

 16:19 <smoser> the goal is to do release on the 4th of august

 16:19 <smoser> teward, you are horribly late. but if you grovel sufficiently you may be forgiven.

 16:19 * smoser updates the 'Expected' release date there to not be a saturday

 16:19 <smoser> anyone have aything else for open topics ?

 16:19 <smoser> if not...

 16:19 <smoser> #topic Announce next meeting date, time and chair

 16:22 <smoser> ok... so one wekk from today is Tuesday August 2

 16:22 <smoser> Tue Aug  2 16:00:00 UTC 2016

 16:23 <smoser> Tue, 02 Aug 2016 16:00:00 +0000

 16:23 <smoser> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)