== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 17 Nov at 16:02 &mdash; 16:27 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2016/ubuntu-meeting.2016-11-17-16.02.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning round ===
The discussion about "Lightning round" started at 16:02.


=== Sprint agenda ===
The discussion about "Sprint agenda" started at 16:18.


=== AOB ===
The discussion about "AOB" started at 16:20.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * slangasek (34)
 * pitti (25)
 * cyphermox (23)
 * tdaitx (22)
 * ubottu (20)
 * sil2100 (19)
 * bdmurray (16)
 * xnox (13)
 * robru (11)
 * doko (11)
 * barry (7)
 * caribou (6)
 * chiluk (4)
 * meetingology (3)



== Full Log ==


 16:02 <slangasek> #startmeeting

 16:02 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Nov 17 16:02:41 2016 UTC.  The chair is slangasek. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:02 <meetingology> 

 16:02 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 16:02 <slangasek> [TOPIC] Lightning round

 16:02 <slangasek> $ echo $(shuf -e barry doko bdmurray slangasek caribou infinity sil2100 robru cyphermox pitti tdaitx xnox chiluk mwhudson)

 16:02 <slangasek> sil2100 robru xnox slangasek bdmurray barry tdaitx chiluk cyphermox mwhudson caribou infinity doko pitti

 16:03 <slangasek> aaaand go!

 16:03 <sil2100> uuuuh

 16:03 <xnox> hello

 16:03 <sil2100> Ok

 16:03 <pitti> /o\

 16:03 <robru> woohoo

 16:03 <sil2100> - Had a national holiday on Friday

 16:03 <sil2100> - Landing team work, silo coordination, preparing landing e-mails

 16:03 <sil2100> - Making the OTA-14 images buildable, installable and bootable

 16:03 <sil2100> * Consensus: people don't bump version dependencies

 16:03 <sil2100> * Cherry-picking and building single fixes fixes

 16:03 <sil2100> * Investigating crashes on the images, working out missing dependencies

 16:03 <sil2100> - Working on ubuntu-image

 16:03 <sil2100> - Preparing the dbus workaround for SRU

 16:03 <sil2100> - Preparing test packages for a real-fix attempt of the dbus systemd-logind ssh issue

 16:03 <sil2100> - ubuntu-touch-session merge reviews

 16:03 <sil2100> - Looking into some sync-requests

 16:03 <sil2100> (done)

 16:03 <robru> (1/10) lp:bileto

 16:03 <robru> (2/10) * snap support: linkify recipes, scan builds for built snaps

 16:03 <robru> (3/10) * more ui tweaks

 16:03 <robru> (4/10) * drop old v1 api

 16:03 <robru> (5/10) * split qa_signoff field into two fields: one user-set and one bileto-controlled (fixes forcing "qa ready" on tickets without stupid hacky workarounds)

 16:03 <robru> (6/10) lp:britney

 16:03 <robru> (7/10) * finished source ppa grouping

 16:03 <robru> (8/10) lp:phablet-tools

 16:03 <robru> (9/10) * Fix zesty FTBFS

 16:03 <robru> (10/10) (done)

 16:04 <xnox> Resolved loading ibmca ecrypto engines with openssl. Bug #1605511

 16:04 <xnox> Prepared and uploaded SRUs for above

 16:04 <xnox> Downgraded libopkele to openssl1.0

 16:04 <xnox> Given how slow 1.1 transition is going, very glad to stick to 1.0

 16:04 <xnox> Finishing partman-swapfile module should hit NEW today/tomorrow

 16:04 <ubottu> bug 1605511 in openssl-ibmca (Ubuntu Yakkety) "openssl engine error if trying to exploit hw crypto on z due to library issue" [Medium,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1605511

 16:04 <xnox> Attended mini Debconf UK in Cambridge, was fun, Japanese ARM did not sponsor sushi.

 16:04 <xnox> zua rebasing.

 16:04 <xnox> done.

 16:04 <xnox> (minidebconf was over the weekend sat/sun)

 16:05 <slangasek> * high-priority SRU reviews: cloud-init, glibc

 16:05 <slangasek> * kernel SRU processing

 16:05 <slangasek> * discussions around subiquity for 17.04

 16:05 <slangasek> * ubuntu-image support for devmode snaps (LP: #1641132)

 16:05 <slangasek> * ubuntu-image discussion about mbr vs. gpt

 16:05 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1641132 in Snappy "no way to include devmode snaps in snap prepare-image?" [Critical,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1641132

 16:05 <slangasek> * sorting out conference travel approvals for after the first of the year

 16:05 <slangasek> (done)

 16:05 <bdmurray> submitted RT to have daisy and apport updated in staging ET

 16:05 <bdmurray> verified daisy and apport updated in staging ET

 16:05 <bdmurray> submitted RT to have daisy and apport updated in production ET

 16:06 <bdmurray> submitted RT to have errors code updated in staging (show zesty)

 16:06 <bdmurray> merged my apport-retrace corefile change to trunk

 16:06 <bdmurray> SRU verification of unattended-upgrades for X and Y

 16:06 <bdmurray> backported / uploaded X, Y fix for update-notifier LP: #1640318

 16:06 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1640318 in update-notifier (Ubuntu Yakkety) "/usr/lib/update-notifier/package-data-downloader:OSError:process_download_requests:/usr/lib/update-notifier/package-data-downloader@305:process_download_requests:print_exc:print_exception" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1640318

 16:06 <bdmurray> research into ubuntu-release-upgrader bug LP: #1640645

 16:06 <bdmurray> release upgrade bug triage

 16:06 <bdmurray> more Seville travel arrangements

 16:06 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1640645 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu) "free space check doesn't take into account kernel upgrades" [Medium,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1640645

 16:06 <bdmurray> ✔ done

 16:06 <barry> ubuntu-image: fix sbuilds; LP: #1631156 (ongoing); LP: #1640523; review sil2100 branches; LP: #1638926; LP: #1640215; LP: #1638660 (discussion); LP: #1642427

 16:06 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1631156 in Ubuntu Image "flake8.extension entry point has global ramifications" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1631156

 16:06 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1640523 in Ubuntu Image "Parse integer-like YAML values as strings" [High,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1640523

 16:06 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1638926 in Ubuntu Image "Support `format` key" [High,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1638926

 16:06 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1640215 in Ubuntu Image "Fix Launchpad snap recipe" [High,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1640215

 16:06 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1638660 in Ubuntu Image "Support `role` key in gadget.yaml" [Undecided,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1638660

 16:06 <barry> debuntu: python-webencodings 0.5-1, claws-mail 3.14.1-1 & zesty failures (LP: #1640217); python-virtualenv 15.0.3+ds-3; LP: #1623856; debian bug #754248; reviews of pytest-expect & html5lib changes for detrout; html5lib  0.999999999-1; tox 2.5.0-1

 16:06 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1640217 in claws-mail (Ubuntu) "python.so plugin fails to load under Zesty" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1640217

 16:06 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1623856 in aptdaemon (Ubuntu) "Scrolled Windows in update-manager are too small to read" [Low,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1623856

 16:06 <ubottu> Debian bug 754248 in python-virtualenv "python-virtualenv: “ValueError: zero length field name in format” when creating virtualenv" [Important,Fixed] http://bugs.debian.org/754248

 16:06 <barry> other: UOS; LP: #1641976; travel & conference arrangements

 16:06 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1630774 in linux (Ubuntu Yakkety) "duplicate for #1641976 kernel invalid opcode in intel_powerclamp" [Medium,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1630774

 16:07 <barry> --done--

 16:07 <sil2100> That's a lot of bugs!

 16:07 * barry is the Bug Squashor

 16:08 <slangasek> tdaitx:

 16:09 <slangasek> chiluk: how about you?

 16:09 <slangasek> cyphermox: you win!

 16:09 <cyphermox> yay

 16:09 <cyphermox> - finished debugging JFS on ppc64el

 16:09 <cyphermox> - apparently no such issues on amd64

 16:09 <cyphermox> - more SRU testing for the shim update

 16:09 <cyphermox> - sponsored tribaal's grub changes for initrd-less booting (LP: #1640878)

 16:09 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1640878 in grub2 (Ubuntu) "grub2 cannot currently generate configuration without initrd" [High,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1640878

 16:09 <cyphermox> - hacking at prep-bootdev (a utility that finds what partition is a PReP partition) to properly handle some multipath cases. (LP: #1641567)

 16:09 <cyphermox> - multipath is still a deep hole where everything is half-broken

 16:10 <cyphermox> - prep-bootdev should be split out into its own package, since we carry two diverging copies (in grub2 and grub-installer)

 16:10 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1641567 in grub2 (Ubuntu Yakkety) "Fail to install the proposed grub-ieee1275 package (2.02~beta2-9)" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1641567

 16:10 <cyphermox> - cat-herding for various in-flight SRUs

 16:10 <cyphermox> - subiquity discussions

 16:10 <chiluk> sorry slangasek... pre-occupied / sprinting

 16:10 <cyphermox> - revised and automated publishing the armhf+raspi2 preinstalled image w/ slangasek.

 16:10 <cyphermox> - fixing open-iscsi tests so it eventually transitions...

 16:10 <cyphermox> ^D

 16:10 <caribou> Bank holiday on friday & sprinting this week, so  nothing to report

 16:10 <caribou> (done)

 16:11 <chiluk> slangasek check back in december.

 16:11 <doko> barry: python-webencodings needs a MIR

 16:11 <chiluk> november is dead to me.

 16:11 <barry> doko: ack

 16:11 <slangasek> chiluk: ok :)

 16:12 <bdmurray> chiluk: but thanksgiving!

 16:12 <cyphermox> bdmurray: thanksgiving was in october!

 16:12 <slangasek> doko:

 16:13 <doko> - gcc-6 and gcc-7 updates

 16:13 <doko> - catch up on the cross toolchain, preparing new uploads

 16:13 <doko> - binutils updates, fixed regression on ARM32

 16:13 <doko> - openjdk-7 PPA builds, openjdk-9 update

 16:13 <doko> - merges, MIRs, NEW processing, ...

 16:13 <doko> - mono transition finished, after fixing ftbfs with the Debian maintainer

 16:13 <doko> - gdb update for POWER9

 16:13 <doko> - bash update to fix reported regression

 16:13 <doko> - intending to start a first test rebuild next week

 16:13 <doko> (done)

 16:13 <xnox> I got beans, greens, potatoes.... ?!

 16:13 <pitti> autopkgtest:

 16:13 <pitti> - Allow specifying testname for github requests (#1641831)

 16:13 <pitti> - Fix PPA addition setup command failure with bash 4.4

 16:13 <pitti> - Fix patch application with unbuilt trees (Debian #844454)

 16:13 <pitti> - Fix ssh runner failure with bash 4.4

 16:13 <pitti> - britney: review https://code.launchpad.net/~robru/britney/+git/britney2-ubuntu/+merge/307995 and investigate race condition (ongoing)

 16:13 <ubottu> Debian bug 844454 in autopkgtest "autopkgtest: does not apply quilt patches when running tests from source package directory" [Normal,Open] http://bugs.debian.org/844454

 16:13 <pitti> systemd:

 16:13 <pitti> - Clean up duplicate ctrl-alt-del.target symlink (Debian #844039)

 16:13 <pitti> - Improve disabling of persistent interface names to avoid breaking driver matching

 16:13 <pitti> - Investigate running networkd early for cloud-init (#1636912)

 16:13 <pitti> - Make seccomp tests stricter, now that we have it available on all architectures; provide libseccomp xenial backport to fix upstream CI

 16:13 <ubottu> Debian bug 844039 in systemd "ctrl-alt-del.target symlink is shipped twice in /etc and /lib" [Normal,Open] http://bugs.debian.org/844039

 16:13 <pitti> netplan: Investigate moving an "up" interface into a bridge (needed by MaaS); this uncovered https://github.com/systemd/systemd/issues/4674 which I'm investigating

 16:13 <pitti> distro:

 16:14 <pitti> - libseccomp: Fix too lax dependencies (Debian #844496)

 16:14 <pitti> - lightdm: Fix lingering greeter session components (#1637758), waiting for Robert to review

 16:14 <pitti> - merges: gnutls28, util-linux

 16:14 <ubottu> Debian bug 844496 in libseccomp "seccomp "Invalid argument" due to old library version" [Normal,Open] http://bugs.debian.org/844496

 16:14 <pitti> - Backport "indefinite number of loop devices" support to trusty for snappy (#1640823)

 16:14 <pitti> - Investigate linux 4.9/i386 boot failure (#1642192)

 16:14 <pitti> misc:

 16:14 <pitti> - Prepare and hold UOS netplan talk/session

 16:14 <pitti> - Teach seb128 about language pack code and operation, to bump bus factor to > 1

 16:14 <pitti> (EOF)

 16:14 <chiluk> bdmurray that's precisely why I'm awol for the rest of november.. then another sprint the week after thanksgiving

 16:14 * sil2100 knows langpack-o-matic too

 16:15 <pitti> sil2100: indeed -- so > 2 then even! :-)

 16:15 <sil2100> But not the language-pack parts, just the l-o-m mechanics

 16:15 <sil2100> So I guess still > 1 ;p

 16:16 <slangasek> tdaitx: here?

 16:17 <slangasek> ok, any questions on status?

 16:18 <slangasek> [TOPIC] Sprint agenda

 16:18 <slangasek> google doc, please add your topics here: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1kb3TJRLP8ItOE08JvtK9PQhauTX_DIVLCPgYRz2Oz7I/edit

 16:20 <slangasek> and I see that people are, excellent ;)

 16:20 <slangasek> [TOPIC] AOB

 16:20 <slangasek> any other business today?

 16:20 <cyphermox> caribou: will you be at Seville?

 16:20 <sil2100> pitti: I'll poke you to learn about the langpack internals too in some time maybe, since because I know the l-o-m parts maybe it would be a bit less knowledge for me to learn now

 16:20 <barry> short week next week w/usa thanksgiving

 16:20 <caribou> cyphermox: not planned

 16:20 <cyphermox> caribou: ack

 16:21 <slangasek> sadly no; this sprint was a bit rough in its organization, not many "guest" attendees

 16:21 <caribou> cyphermox: didn't know if it was the Foundation, security & kernel sprint

 16:21 <pitti> sil2100: sure! maybe we can set aside some time in Seville for that?

 16:21 <cyphermox> caribou: it's fine, I was curious so we could discuss multipath, but it's not a big deal

 16:21 <bdmurray> Do we have any plans / date for a 16.04.2 release?

 16:22 <slangasek> bdmurray: infinity didn't answer you on that?  I'll get that pinned down this week then

 16:22 <tdaitx> slangasek, here

 16:22 <tdaitx> sorry for being late

 16:22 <caribou> slangasek: it's the CDO core sprint, right ? same thing as the Foundation, security & kernel one ?

 16:22 <slangasek> tdaitx: hi, give us a quick status?

 16:22 <tdaitx> sure

 16:23 <tdaitx> = OpenJDK Updates

 16:23 <tdaitx> * OpenJDK 7 regression confirmed, some applets stopped working (Debian #843784)

 16:23 <tdaitx> - Packaged new IcedTea 2.6.8 released and confirmed it is not affected by the regression

 16:23 <tdaitx> - Investigate what caused it exactly, bisecting the set of patches pointed me to S8155973

 16:23 <tdaitx> - Now comparing my backport to IcedTea's to see what went wrong (ongoing)

 16:23 <ubottu> Debian bug 843784 in openjdk-7-jre "openjdk-7-jre: After last security update, icedtea-plugin fails all applets" [Normal,Open] http://bugs.debian.org/843784

 16:23 <tdaitx> * Doko also packaged IcedTea 2.6.8 and released it for Debian (7u121-2.6.8-1)

 16:23 <tdaitx> - Dropped my package and backported doko's package to Trusty and Precise

 16:23 <tdaitx> * Finished uscan/repack work for OpenJDK 7 during the weekend

 16:23 <tdaitx> - provided patches to fully enable MUT and avoid repackaging the icedtea tarball (LP: #1642420)

 16:23 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1642420 in openjdk-7 (Ubuntu) "Enable OpenJDK update through uscan" [Wishlist,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1642420

 16:23 <slangasek> caribou: CDO core sprint is similar in structure but different set of teams attending

 16:23 <tdaitx> * OpenJDK 8 test failures are due to misconfigured tests

 16:23 <tdaitx> - Tests that don't support the agentvm mode must indicate that

 16:23 <tdaitx> - Adding othervm flag fixed them

 16:23 <xnox> caribou, apart from without security & kernel =) and with CPC and more cloudy folks =)

 16:23 <tdaitx> - Need to open issue upstream (ongoing)

 16:23 <tdaitx> * Tested Hotspot 24 (from OpenJDK 7) on OpenJDK 6 during the weekend

 16:23 <tdaitx> - Requires quite a few changes, but works

 16:23 <tdaitx> - Rebuild quite a few OpenJDK 6 dependent packages on Precise to confirm it works; pylucene on powerpc (ie. using zero) was the single failure I got (complains about stack size)

 16:23 <tdaitx> * Back working on OpenJDK 6 security backport now that regressions are dealt with (ongoing)

 16:23 <tdaitx> :wq

 16:23 <cyphermox> speaking of a date for 16.04.2, we still don't have a ReleaseSchedule page for Zesty.

 16:23 <caribou> xnox: that's what I thought, hence why I didn't pay too much attention to it

 16:23 <bdmurray> cyphermox: I think we do

 16:24 <cyphermox> I wrote up a quick DraftReleaseSchedule (because I was asked about general schedule) but it's not clear to me that all the dates are correct.

 16:24 <xnox> slangasek, is there more 16.04.2 planning to discuss at the sprint: w.r.t. hwe stacks

 16:24 <slangasek> tdaitx: the failing openjdk 8 tests were jtreg tests?

 16:24 <cyphermox> bdmurray: ah?

 16:24 <bdmurray> cyphermox: yeah, its called DraftReleaseSchedule. ;-)

 16:24 <slangasek> xnox: I wouldn't have thought so, but what do you have in mind?

 16:24 <cyphermox> woops.

 16:24 <bdmurray> cyphermox: I didn't realize you'd done that.

 16:24 <cyphermox> bdmurray: then maybe we can just look at that and make sure that's not Draft anymore.

 16:24 <tdaitx> slangasek, yes, same as we talked over our last meeting, tests that used to pass but then failed when I changed the way we ran jtreg

 16:25 <slangasek> bdmurray, cyphermox: yes, we'll get 16.04.2 and zesty both sorted

 16:25 <slangasek> tdaitx: ok

 16:25 <cyphermox> cool.

 16:26 <slangasek> anything else?

 16:27 <slangasek> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)