== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 25 Jul at 16:30 &mdash; 16:50 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2016/ubuntu-meeting.2016-07-25-16.30.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting 
=== Weekly stand-up report ===
The discussion about "Weekly stand-up report" started at 16:31.


=== Highlighted packages ===
The discussion about "Highlighted packages" started at 16:48.

  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/k4dirstat.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/python-muranoclient.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/criu.html 

=== Miscellaneous and Questions ===
The discussion about "Miscellaneous and Questions" started at 16:48.

  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/dropbear.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/libxml-security-java.html 



== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * tyhicks (41)
 * jdstrand (11)
 * sarnold (6)
 * chrisccoulson (6)
 * sbeattie (6)
 * mdeslaur (4)
 * meetingology (3)



== Full Log ==


 16:30 <tyhicks> #startmeeting

 16:30 <meetingology> Meeting started Mon Jul 25 16:30:43 2016 UTC.  The chair is tyhicks. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:30 <meetingology> 

 16:30 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 16:30 <tyhicks> The meeting agenda can be found at:

 16:30 <tyhicks> [LINK] https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting

 16:31 <tyhicks> [TOPIC] Weekly stand-up report

 16:31 <tyhicks> jdstrand: you're up

 16:33 <jdstrand> hi!

 16:33 <jdstrand> I'll continue to focus on snappy this week

 16:33 <jdstrand> various snappy interface PR reviews and followups

 16:33 <jdstrand> continue launcher cleanups

 16:33 <jdstrand> pulseaudio/trust-store on snappy discussions

 16:33 <jdstrand> chrome/firefox interfaces

 16:33 <jdstrand> abstract sockets PR

 16:34 <jdstrand> I think that's it from me. mdeslaur, you're up

 16:34 <mdeslaur> I'm on triage this week

 16:34 <mdeslaur> hopefully I'll be working on overdue php updates

 16:34 <mdeslaur> I'm on patch piloting tomorrow too

 16:34 <mdeslaur> that's about it, sbeattie

 16:34 <sbeattie> I'm in the happy place this week.

 16:35 <sbeattie> I have openjdk-8 updates from tdaitx to test and publish, and he's working on preparing openjdk-7 and 6 for me, not sure when they'll be ready yet.

 16:35 <sbeattie> I have some kernel signoffs to do

 16:36 <sbeattie> I am also still digging through the rebuild test looking for pie failures

 16:36 <sbeattie> That's probably it for me this week.

 16:36 <sbeattie> tyhicks: you're up

 16:38 <tyhicks> I'm on community this week

 16:38 <tyhicks> I'm still catching up from email/irc while I was off last week

 16:39 <tyhicks> I was asked to merge apparmor from debian into yakkety

 16:39 <tyhicks> that works out nicely because I've finalized all of the other changes that I was working on for a yakkety apparmor upload

 16:40 <tyhicks> I'll be working on seccomp logging improvements for snappy

 16:40 <tyhicks> I revived and nearly finished off my old multiple apparmor policy caches branch last week while traveling

 16:41 <tyhicks> if I find some down time, I may wrap that up and send it out for review

 16:41 <tyhicks> that's it for me

 16:41 <tyhicks> jj isn't here now

 16:41 <tyhicks> sarnold: you're up

 16:41 <tyhicks> oh

 16:41 <tyhicks> I need to help out with reviews, if possible, so I'll be doing that instead of the finishing off the multiple apparmor policy caches feature

 16:42 <tyhicks> looks like sarnold isn't here now

 16:42 <tyhicks> chrisccoulson: you're up

 16:42 <jdstrand> tyhicks: does that mean that your merge will include the final systemd work?

 16:43 <tyhicks> jdstrand: doubt it

 16:43 <chrisccoulson> This week, I've got an Oxide release to publish. I've also got Firefox builds to prepare for next week's release

 16:43 <tyhicks> jdstrand: I still haven't looked at what is in the debian merge so I can't say for sure how far away we'll be

 16:43 <chrisccoulson> Firefox currently doesn't build on precise, so I need to investigate and fix that

 16:44 <jdstrand> I have a little bit to do for snappy to handle regenerating policy on new versions of apparmor, but it keeps getting deprioritized (which is why I was curious)

 16:44 <jdstrand> I'm not working on that this week so we won't collide, but thought I'd mention it in case we wanted to talk about something in this area

 16:44 <chrisccoulson> I plan to spend some time reviewing santosh's media decoding branch

 16:44 <tyhicks> jdstrand: thanks for mentioning that

 16:44 <chrisccoulson> Other than that, I'll be working on Oxide bugs as usual

 16:44 <chrisccoulson> That's me done

 16:45 <tyhicks> chrisccoulson: how concerned are you about ff not building on precise?

 16:45 <chrisccoulson> tyhicks, not all that concerned

 16:45 <tyhicks> chrisccoulson: feeling like it is a relatively easy fix or are you looking at a lot of work for that?

 16:45 <tyhicks> ok, good

 16:46 <sarnold> tyhicks: sorry, here now

 16:47 <tyhicks> sarnold: hey - go ahead

 16:47 <sarnold> I'm on bug triage this week, and working down the list of reviews

 16:47 <sarnold> first up is barbican, I think

 16:47 <sarnold> that's it for me, tyhicks? :)

 16:47 <tyhicks> sarnold: yep, barbican is the first

 16:48 <tyhicks> thanks

 16:48 <tyhicks> [TOPIC] Highlighted packages

 16:48 <tyhicks> The Ubuntu Security team will highlight some community-supported packages that might be good candidates for updating and or triaging. If you would like to help Ubuntu and not sure where to start, this is a great way to do so.

 16:48 <tyhicks> See https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/UpdateProcedures for details and if you have any questions, feel free to ask in #ubuntu-security. To find out other ways of helping out, please see https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/GettingInvolved.

 16:48 <tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/k4dirstat.html

 16:48 <tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/python-muranoclient.html

 16:48 <tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/criu.html

 16:48 <tyhicks> [TOPIC] Miscellaneous and Questions

 16:48 <tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/dropbear.html

 16:48 <tyhicks> Does anyone have any other questions or items to discuss?

 16:48 <tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/libxml-security-java.html

 16:49 <sarnold> criu is in universe?

 16:49 <sarnold> interesting.

 16:50 <tyhicks> I was slightly surprised by that, as well

 16:50 <tyhicks> jdstrand, mdeslaur, sbeattie, sarnold, ChrisCoulson: Thanks!

 16:50 <tyhicks> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)