== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 21 Nov at 16:31 &mdash; 16:50 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2016/ubuntu-meeting.2016-11-21-16.31.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting 
=== Weekly stand-up report ===
The discussion about "Weekly stand-up report" started at 16:32.


=== Highlighted packages ===
The discussion about "Highlighted packages" started at 16:47.

  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/wine-gecko2.21.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/geshi.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/sun-javadb.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/libmodplug.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/nsd.html 

=== Miscellaneous and Questions ===
The discussion about "Miscellaneous and Questions" started at 16:47.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * tyhicks (36)
 * mdeslaur (7)
 * jdstrand (7)
 * jjohansen (7)
 * sarnold (5)
 * ratliff (4)
 * chrisccoulson (4)
 * meetingology (3)
 * ubottu (2)
 * teward (1)



== Full Log ==


 16:31 <tyhicks> #startmeeting

 16:31 <meetingology> Meeting started Mon Nov 21 16:31:51 2016 UTC.  The chair is tyhicks. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:31 <meetingology> 

 16:31 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 16:31 <mdeslaur> \o

 16:31 <tyhicks> The meeting agenda can be found at:

 16:32 <tyhicks> [LINK] https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting

 16:32 <tyhicks> [TOPIC] Weekly stand-up report

 16:32 <tyhicks> jdstrand: you're up

 16:32 <jdstrand> hey

 16:33 <jdstrand> very short week this week. I'm working on the dbus interface for snappy primarily

 16:34 <jdstrand> I will finish up a small PR to snap-confine

 16:34 <jdstrand> and do various PR reviews

 16:34 <jdstrand> if I have time, I'll start poking at network-namespace

 16:34 <jdstrand> that is it from me

 16:34 <jdstrand> (I'm off Wed-Fri)

 16:35 <mdeslaur> I'm on community this week

 16:35 <mdeslaur> I just published imagemagick updates

 16:35 <mdeslaur> and I have a couple of other updates to test

 16:35 <mdeslaur> and then will pick something else off the list, that's about it

 16:35 <mdeslaur> hrm,

 16:35 <mdeslaur> s beattie isn't here I think...who's next?

 16:36 <tyhicks> me

 16:36 <tyhicks> short week for me this week (off thursday and friday)

 16:36 <tyhicks> I'm on cve triage

 16:36 <tyhicks> I have an embargoed issue

 16:37 <tyhicks> I still need to do the apparmor 14.04 SRU followups

 16:37 <tyhicks> I have some ecryptfs issues to look at

 16:37 <tyhicks> inode timestamps issue (LP: #1636890)

 16:37 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1636890 in linux (Ubuntu) "invalid file times with overlayroot and encrypted home" [Undecided,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1636890

 16:37 <tyhicks> crypto api usage issue

 16:37 <tyhicks> and I have some work planning work to do

 16:37 <tyhicks> that's it for me

 16:37 <tyhicks> jjohansen: you're up

 16:38 <jjohansen> I am working on bugs, upstreaming and I have an apparmor rebase for 4.9-rc7 to do

 16:38 <jjohansen> I am still chasing down a couple of reference counting bugs

 16:39 <tyhicks> another rebase is needed for a change this late in the cycle?

 16:40 <jjohansen> and waiting for feedback on the lxc cross ns issue, and the rawdata interface, so I may endup working on those well

 16:40 <jjohansen> tyhicks: yes, linus pulled in my patch to upstream changehat which breaks the patches for the ubuntu kernel

 16:40 <tyhicks> jdstrand, jjohansen: I just noticed that kernel SRU bug #1634753 is needing verification in trusty

 16:40 <ubottu> bug 1634753 in AppArmor "srcname from mount rule corrupted under load" [Critical,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1634753

 16:40 <jjohansen> its nothing major, but I want to have the rebase ready for the kt

 16:41 <tyhicks> ok

 16:41 <jjohansen> tyhicks: ack I look into that

 16:41 <tyhicks> hmm, that bug is going to be difficult to verify on trusty

 16:41 <jjohansen> its a short week for me I am off wed - mon

 16:42 <tyhicks> sarnold: you're up

 16:42 <sarnold> I'm in the happy place this week

 16:42 <sarnold> I'd like to finish libsmbios before the holidays

 16:43 <sarnold> but I'm also working on 1642386 which feels like a higher priority (I don't know how many people are affected, but it does seem to be more than just me)

 16:44 <sarnold> that's it for me, chrisccoulson?

 16:44 <chrisccoulson> I've got an oxide update to get out this week

 16:44 <chrisccoulson> I've also got 3 build failures I need to fix

 16:45 <chrisccoulson> Other than that, I plan to make some progress on https://blueprints.launchpad.net/oxide/+spec/ubuntu-webview-implementation, which I didn't manage last week because of another bug

 16:45 <chrisccoulson> That's me done

 16:45 <ratliff> I'm in the happy place this week and off on Thursday and Friday

 16:45 <ratliff> I am working on a number of internal communication, coordination and planning activities.

 16:46 <ratliff> I am also continuing to work on my universe project as time permits. There are over 900 CVE/release combos that are marked needed or needs-triage that are noted as fixed in the debian changelog

 16:47 <ratliff> back to you tyhicks

 16:47 <tyhicks> thanks!

 16:47 <tyhicks> [TOPIC] Highlighted packages

 16:47 <tyhicks> The Ubuntu Security team will highlight some community-supported packages that might be good candidates for updating and or triaging. If you would like to help Ubuntu and not sure where to start, this is a great way to do so.

 16:47 <tyhicks> See https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/UpdateProcedures for details and if you have any questions, feel free to ask in #ubuntu-security. To find out other ways of helping out, please see https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/GettingInvolved.

 16:47 <tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/wine-gecko2.21.html

 16:47 <tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/geshi.html

 16:47 <tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/sun-javadb.html

 16:47 <tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/libmodplug.html

 16:47 <tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/nsd.html

 16:47 <tyhicks> [TOPIC] Miscellaneous and Questions

 16:47 <tyhicks> Does anyone have any other questions or items to discuss?

 16:47 <teward> Nope just want to give my quarterly applause to the Security Team for their ongoing hard work :)

 16:49 <sarnold> thanks teward :)

 16:50 <tyhicks> yse, thanks teward :)

 16:50 <tyhicks> yes*

 16:50 <tyhicks> jdstrand, mdeslaur, jjohansen, sarnold, ChrisCoulson, ratliff: Thanks!

 16:50 <tyhicks> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)