== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 11 Jul at 16:32 &mdash; 16:49 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2016/ubuntu-meeting.2016-07-11-16.32.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting 
=== Announcements ===
The discussion about "Announcements" started at 16:32.


=== Weekly stand-up report ===
The discussion about "Weekly stand-up report" started at 16:32.


=== Highlighted packages ===
The discussion about "Highlighted packages" started at 16:47.

  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/hawtjni.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/ntopng.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/opensaml2.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/nsd.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/lhasa.html 

=== Miscellaneous and Questions ===
The discussion about "Miscellaneous and Questions" started at 16:47.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * tyhicks (33)
 * chrisccoulson (9)
 * sarnold (7)
 * mdeslaur (5)
 * sbeattie (5)
 * ubottu (4)
 * ratliff (3)
 * meetingology (3)
 * teward (2)



== Full Log ==


 16:32 <tyhicks> #startmeeting

 16:32 <meetingology> Meeting started Mon Jul 11 16:32:09 2016 UTC.  The chair is tyhicks. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:32 <meetingology> 

 16:32 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 16:32 <tyhicks> The meeting agenda can be found at:

 16:32 <tyhicks> [LINK] https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting

 16:32 <tyhicks> [TOPIC] Announcements

 16:32 <tyhicks> Philip Muškovac (yofel) provided a debdiff for trusty for kinit (LP: #1595507)

 16:32 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1595507 in kinit (Ubuntu Xenial) "World readable X11 Cookie key logger" [High,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1595507

 16:32 <tyhicks> Björn Michaelsen (Sweetshark) provided debdiffs for Xenial, Wily, and Precise for libreoffice

 16:32 <tyhicks> Stefan Bader (smb) provided a debdiff for wily for xen

 16:32 <tyhicks> Trent Lloyd (lathiat) provided a debdiff for precise to fix a regression in the last security update for passenger (LP: #1575220)

 16:32 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1575220 in passenger (Debian) "puppet broken after libapache2-mod-passenger upgrade" [Unknown,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1575220

 16:32 <tyhicks> Thank you for your assistance in keeping Ubuntu users secure! :)

 16:32 <tyhicks> [TOPIC] Weekly stand-up report

 16:32 <tyhicks> mdeslaur: you're up

 16:33 <mdeslaur> I'm on community this week

 16:33 <mdeslaur> and am in the midst of publishing some usns

 16:33 <mdeslaur> after that, I'll be going down the usn list

 16:33 <mdeslaur> that's about it

 16:33 <mdeslaur> sbeattie: you're up

 16:33 <sbeattie> I'm on bug triage this week

 16:34 <sbeattie> I'm poking through the yakkety rebuild failures list, looking for pie related failrues

 16:34 <sbeattie> I'm going to try to finish up the pillow/python-imaging update I had been working a while ago, and maybe pick up another update.

 16:35 <sbeattie> I have some kernel signoffs to do, and some other bakcground tasks to take on.

 16:35 <sbeattie> that's probably it for me. tyhicks?

 16:35 <tyhicks> I'm on CVE triage this week

 16:36 <tyhicks> I have an ecryptfs-utils update to put out

 16:37 <tyhicks> would be nice to circle back around to the apparmor python utils patch that I need to do a v2 spin of so that I can finish the apparmor upload

 16:37 <tyhicks> and I'll be working on seccomp logging changes for snappy dev mode

 16:37 <tyhicks> sarnold: go ahead (jj isn't in this channel right now)

 16:38 <sarnold> I'm in the happy place this week reviewing biometryd and related tools

 16:38 <sarnold> I can't recall what's on the list after that, but once I'm done I'll just move on to the next card

 16:39 <sarnold> I'm hoping to hear back from tvoss (he may have already replied, timezones are sometimes wonderful things :) about some questions I had about c++14 idioms.. it's a dense language.

 16:39 <sarnold> I can probably just leave those questions until he replies there, there's a lot of code there to review..

 16:39 <sarnold> that's me, chrisccoulson?

 16:40 <chrisccoulson> This week I've got thunderbird 45 to get out - I was hoping that would have been last week, but I've had difficulty getting it building on trusty/i386 (have worked around that for now)

 16:40 <chrisccoulson> I shall also be preparing the oxide 1.16 release

 16:41 <chrisccoulson> I need to also fix bug 1601887 (just been reported)

 16:41 <ubottu> bug 1601887 in Oxide "camera is inverted and rotated on M10" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1601887

 16:42 <chrisccoulson> Other than that, assuming there are no other distractions this week I'll be working through Oxide tasks as usual

 16:42 <chrisccoulson> That's me done

 16:43 <tyhicks> odd bug

 16:43 <chrisccoulson> Last week's distraction btw (in addition to thunderbird) was bug 1599236 :)

 16:43 <ubottu> bug 1599236 in Oxide "Tooltips in Flash content have stopped working" [High,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1599236

 16:43 <chrisccoulson> Which turned out to be a build system issue

 16:44 <chrisccoulson> That wasn't fun to debug

 16:44 <tyhicks> build system isn't the first thing that comes to mind when reading that bug title :)

 16:44 <sarnold> heh

 16:44 <tyhicks> ratliff: you're up :)

 16:45 <sarnold> it'll be fun to see how an inverted and rotated image is also a build bug...

 16:45 <chrisccoulson> heh

 16:45 <ratliff> I'm working through a number of setup tasks - installed a new hard drive and configured ubumirror to create a local mirror of the archive

 16:46 <ratliff> prepping for the upcoming Snappy and Cloud sprints primarily

 16:46 <ratliff> that's it for me

 16:47 <tyhicks> ratliff: don't hesitate to ping me about any questions you have while doing sprint prep

 16:47 <tyhicks> [TOPIC] Highlighted packages

 16:47 <tyhicks> The Ubuntu Security team will highlight some community-supported packages that might be good candidates for updating and or triaging. If you would like to help Ubuntu and not sure where to start, this is a great way to do so.

 16:47 <tyhicks> See https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/UpdateProcedures for details and if you have any questions, feel free to ask in #ubuntu-security. To find out other ways of helping out, please see https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/GettingInvolved.

 16:47 <tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/hawtjni.html

 16:47 <tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/ntopng.html

 16:47 <tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/opensaml2.html

 16:47 <tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/nsd.html

 16:47 <tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/lhasa.html

 16:47 <tyhicks> [TOPIC] Miscellaneous and Questions

 16:47 <tyhicks> Does anyone have any other questions or items to discuss?

 16:48 <teward> nope, other than a Thank You to the Security Team for keeping Ubuntu secure, and for all your efforts on that front :)

 16:48 <tyhicks> thank you, teward :)

 16:48 <teward> you're welcome :)

 16:49 <tyhicks> mdeslaur, sbeattie, jjohansen, sarnold, ChrisCoulson, ratliff: Thanks!

 16:49 <tyhicks> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)