== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 15 Dec at 16:05 &mdash; 16:39 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2016/ubuntu-meeting.2016-12-15-16.05.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning round ===
The discussion about "Lightning round" started at 16:05.


=== AOB ===
The discussion about "AOB" started at 16:23.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * slangasek (51)
 * xnox (27)
 * sil2100 (24)
 * ubottu (20)
 * infinity (20)
 * bdmurray (16)
 * doko (16)
 * barry (13)
 * robru (11)
 * caribou (10)
 * chiluk (7)
 * meetingology (3)
 * ogra_ (3)
 * gaughen (1)



== Full Log ==


 16:05 <slangasek> #startmeeting

 16:05 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Dec 15 16:05:49 2016 UTC.  The chair is slangasek. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:05 <meetingology> 

 16:05 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 16:05 <slangasek> [TOPIC] Lightning round

 16:06 <slangasek> $ echo $(shuf -e barry doko bdmurray slangasek caribou infinity sil2100 robru cyphermox tdaitx xnox chiluk mwhudson)

 16:06 <slangasek> chiluk barry bdmurray robru caribou infinity mwhudson cyphermox tdaitx slangasek doko sil2100 xnox

 16:06 <slangasek> chiluk can lead us off

 16:06 <chiluk> winner.. and unprepared.

 16:06 <sil2100> Phew, still time to prepare

 16:06 <xnox> gaughen, mumble? =)

 16:06 <chiluk> lp 1634304 - Unable to complete install: 'Couldn't find hvm kernel for Ubuntu tree.

 16:06 <chiluk> need to check status of SRU

 16:06 <chiluk> lp 1639202 - Cannot enlist/commission machines in MAAS 2.1 with usb network adapter.  Turns out dell machines have this awesome mac passthru feature such that the usb device will get the mac of the built-in nic. - closed

 16:06 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1634304 in virt-manager (Ubuntu Yakkety) "Unable to complete install: 'Couldn't find hvm kernel for Ubuntu tree" [Undecided,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1634304

 16:06 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1639202 in linux (Ubuntu) "Cannot enlist/commission machines in MAAS 2.1 with usb network adapter" [Undecided,Invalid] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1639202

 16:07 <chiluk> I probably have a few more things, but I drew the short straw.. so ---done-- for now

 16:07 <chiluk> --done--

 16:07 <barry> ubuntu-image: review sil2100 branches; LP: #1640523; LP: #1637554; LP: #1649798; LP: #1641727 (begin planning)

 16:07 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1640523 in snapd (Ubuntu) "Parse integer-like YAML values as strings" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1640523

 16:07 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1637554 in Ubuntu Image ""Invalid cross-device link" and failed to preserve ownership error on image-output... " [Medium,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1637554

 16:07 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1649798 in Ubuntu Image "snap version of ubuntu-image fails in error" [Undecided,Incomplete] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1649798

 16:07 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1641727 in Ubuntu Image "Support multiple volumes per gadget.yaml" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1641727

 16:07 <barry> debuntu: xonsh 0.4.7+dfsg-2 review/sponsor; debian bug #844650 & LP: #1631156; debian bug #824659; debian bug #814379; debian bug #840673; debian bug #830281

 16:07 <ubottu> Debian bug 844650 in wnpp "ITP: flufl.testing -- a small collection of Python test helpers" [Wishlist,Fixed] http://bugs.debian.org/844650

 16:07 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1631156 in Ubuntu Image "flake8.extension entry point has global ramifications" [High,Won't fix] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1631156

 16:07 <ubottu> Debian bug 824659 in wnpp "ITP: python-public -- @public decorator for adding names to __all__" [Wishlist,Fixed] http://bugs.debian.org/824659

 16:07 <slangasek> chiluk: you had a whole extra week to prepare! :)

 16:07 <ubottu> Debian bug 814379 in twine "twine: Missing dependency on python3-setuptools." [Serious,Fixed] http://bugs.debian.org/814379

 16:07 <ubottu> Debian bug 840673 in python-pkg-resources "pkg_resources: ‘load_entry_point’ crashes without Setuptools" [Normal,Open] http://bugs.debian.org/840673

 16:07 <barry> other: python issue #28937 (str.split() behavior)

 16:07 <barry> --done--

 16:07 <chiluk> slangasek... I chose to not live in the past.

 16:07 <ogra_> barry, sil2100 ... i noticed you made the root partition configurable ?

 16:08 <bdmurray> added test case to gdb bug LP: #1645501

 16:08 <bdmurray> uploaded X fix, wrote test case for LP: #1640645

 16:08 <bdmurray> submitted archive tools mp regarding rejection bug comments, queue casing

 16:08 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1645501 in gdb (Ubuntu Yakkety) "corefiles not created in armhf chroot on arm64 porter" [Medium,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1645501

 16:08 <ogra_> barry, sil2100, if you do that, please make sure it does not break resizing

 16:08 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1640645 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu Xenial) "free space check doesn't take into account kernel upgrades" [High,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1640645

 16:08 <sil2100> ogra_: there's a pull request for that, yes

 16:08 <bdmurray> used bileto to test sponsoring a uvtool fix

 16:08 <bdmurray> submitted bileto bug LP: #1649629 regarding link to diff

 16:08 <bdmurray> sync'ed unattended-upgrades from debian after checking our diff

 16:08 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1649629 in Bileto "provide link to diff in PPA description" [Medium,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1649629

 16:08 <sil2100> ogra_: as per the gadget.yaml spec

 16:08 <bdmurray> duplicate consolidation of apport bug LP: #1502173 duplicates

 16:08 <bdmurray> investigation into LP: #1606767

 16:08 <bdmurray> fixed apport bug LP: #1647635, updated retracer bzr branch

 16:08 <bdmurray> SRU verification of LP: #1640645

 16:08 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1502173 in apport (Ubuntu Xenial) "Python warnings: modules imported without specifying a version first" [Low,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1502173

 16:08 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1606767 in systemd (Ubuntu) "package systemd 229-4ubuntu7 failed to install/upgrade: subprocess installed pre-removal script returned error exit status 2" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1606767

 16:08 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1647635 in apport (Ubuntu) "apport-retrace doesn't comment on bugs when add_gdb_info raises an IOError" [Low,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1647635

 16:08 <bdmurray> ✔ done

 16:08 <robru> lp:bileto

 16:08 <robru> * discourage (but not entirely eliminate just yet) vivid

 16:08 <robru> * include diffs in PPA description (for bdmurray)

 16:08 <robru> * stop hard-coding overlay PPA for secondary ticket series, allowing multi-series SRU tickets (for xnox)

 16:08 <robru> * use new ubuntu orange color (they changed it in april but I only just noticed)

 16:08 <robru> lp:britney

 16:08 <robru> * investigate why sourceppa grouping doesn't work, blocked by bug 1648000

 16:08 <robru> (dune)

 16:08 <ubottu> bug 1648000 in Launchpad itself "need API to discover where a given package is copied from" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1648000

 16:08 <ogra_> sil2100, right, i just want to make sure we dont regress wrt resizing ... or cause bad stuff

 16:09 <infinity> caribou: ?

 16:09 <caribou> Bugfix :

 16:09 <caribou> qemu vm soft lockups

 16:09 <caribou> tftp does not start

 16:09 <caribou> isc-dhcp-client random port binding

 16:09 <caribou> Dev:

 16:09 <caribou> LP: #1641235 : kdump-tools hardcoded NFS options

 16:09 <ubottu> Error: Could not gather data from Launchpad for bug #1641235 (https://launchpad.net/bugs/1641235). The error has been logged

 16:10 <caribou> and being annoyed by LP: #1647178 on my laptop

 16:10 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1647178 in systemd (Ubuntu) "systemd-resolved unable to resolve certain subdomains" [Undecided,Incomplete] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1647178

 16:10 <caribou> (done)

 16:10 <infinity> * worked on ubuntu-image/cdimage integration, in progress

 16:10 <infinity> * linux-aws/xenial and linux/zesty reviews, ongoing

 16:10 <infinity> * lots of SRU, AA, and release team massaging of queues, excuses, etc

 16:10 <infinity> * still nursing an ubuflu, so only about half here, mentally

 16:10 <infinity> (done)

 16:10 <caribou> oh, & working on merges for nut & clamav

 16:10 <caribou> (awaiting MIR on tomsfastmath to drop last delta)

 16:11 <slangasek> robru: why can xnox create separate tickets for separate SRU target series?

 16:12 <gaughen> xnox, I'm on another call.... and I don't have a mtg on my calendar.

 16:12 <slangasek> (IOW: dual landings are a bad idea and never worked right, so why are we enabling more people to do dual landings?)

 16:12 <slangasek> cyphermox:

 16:12 <sil2100> Matt not here?

 16:13 <slangasek> seems not

 16:13 <slangasek> and tdaitx also isn't

 16:13 <xnox> slangasek, because we do upload SRUs simultaniously for multiple series, for dput packages, forget branches.

 16:13 <slangasek> so over to that slangasek guy

 16:14 <slangasek> * sprinting

 16:14 <slangasek> * and off this past Monday for a swap day, so short week

 16:14 <slangasek> * SRU processing

 16:14 <slangasek> * a lot of kernel SRU processing

 16:14 <slangasek> * and a bit of scripting to automate the kernel SRU processing

 16:14 <slangasek> * POWER-related discussions

 16:14 <slangasek> * upcoming:

 16:14 <slangasek> * more kernel SRU processing

 16:14 <slangasek> * off next Monday

 16:14 <sil2100> Oh noes

 16:14 <slangasek> * working Tuesday, Wednesday from CST

 16:14 <slangasek> * off Thursday through EOY

 16:14 <slangasek> (done)

 16:14 <doko> - adjusting mail filters to new cpc spam

 16:14 <doko> - finished test rebuilds

 16:14 <doko> - evaluated compressed debug sections rebuild

 16:14 <doko> - evaluated GCC 7 rebuild (all ICEs reduced and reported upstream)

 16:14 <doko> - preparing GCC 6.3 release

 16:14 <doko> - openjdk-9 update

 16:14 <doko> - python 2.7.13 release candidate

 16:14 <slangasek> xnox: ok, that's one source of damage from dual landings that dual-landing SRUs avoid, I suppose

 16:14 <doko> - a few merges

 16:14 <sil2100> slangasek: ping me once some new kernel SRU helper-work is needed

 16:14 <doko> (done)

 16:14 <sil2100> - Landing team work, silo coordination

 16:14 <sil2100> - DMB work:

 16:14 <sil2100> * Extra meeting on Monday, some heated discussions

 16:14 <sil2100> * Reviewing ubuntu-budgie ubuntu-cdimage MR

 16:14 <sil2100> * Discussing how to proceed with the budgie seed ownership team

 16:14 <sil2100> * Looking into refreshing happyaron's packageset

 16:15 <sil2100> - Re-spinning new ubuntu-personal and kiosk images for amd64 and dragonboard

 16:15 <sil2100> - Further help with kernel SRU's reviews (with slangasek)

 16:15 <sil2100> - Poking around for getting the dbus SRU's reviewed in the UNAPPROVED queue

 16:15 <sil2100> - ubuntu-image:

 16:15 <slangasek> sil2100: are you around next Tue/Wed?

 16:15 <sil2100> * Merging trunk to the role-usage branch

 16:15 <sil2100> * Figuring out why tests suddenly failed, fixing the one-liner bug

 16:15 <sil2100> * Preparing a branch for fixing running tests on non-en locale

 16:15 <barry> doko: you did test rebuild w/2.7.13 candidate?

 16:15 <sil2100> - Enabling cooler_arm64 for the M10 in xenial (for unity8-session testing)

 16:15 <sil2100> - Help with some silo problems and help requests

 16:15 <slangasek> sil2100: the next phase is promoting them

 16:15 <sil2100> (done)

 16:15 <sil2100> slangasek: I'm *always* around

 16:15 <slangasek> heh

 16:15 <robru> slangasek: because the way xnox does dual SRUs is doing manual uploads so has none of the drawbacks of building multiple targets from MPs.

 16:15 <sil2100> But seriously speaking, yes, I should be here

 16:15 <doko> barry, think about it ... when was the test rebuild started?

 16:15 <xnox> * Loads of merges

 16:15 <xnox> * Bug triange with frank at the CDO sprint

 16:15 <xnox> * SRUs following above triange

 16:15 <xnox> * zfcpdump kernel testing -> sru published now

 16:15 <xnox> * Porting and preparation for upstart removal

 16:15 <xnox> * All sessions, but unity8 desktop/touch, switched from upstart

 16:15 <xnox> * Swapfiles by defaulting landed in both d-i and ubiquity, for non-lvm / non-encrypted installations

 16:16 <xnox> * Blogpost to celebrate swapfiles is pending

 16:16 <xnox> ..

 16:16 <barry> doko: you tell me, that's why i'm asking :)

 16:16 <infinity> xnox: Why non-encrypted?

 16:17 <slangasek> barry: are you asking about test rebuild for zesty?

 16:17 <doko> barry: test rebuild started on 2016-12-02 (you see that when you look at your build failures, hint, hint), 2.7.13rc1 was only last week

 16:17 <infinity> xnox: You'd think swapfiles for encrypted setups would be a no-brainer (don't need encrypted swap partitions when you can have an unexncrypted swapfile on an encrypted partition)

 16:17 <doko> ahh, no, no trusty test rebuilds yet

 16:17 <barry> doko: cool

 16:17 <xnox> infinity, because we have lvm layer for the full-disk encryption recipy, and I still put swap on an LVM volume there. Because otherwise, it is impossible to take lvm snapshots of the root filesystem (they fill up with swapfile changes very quickly and drop off as full)

 16:18 <infinity> xnox: Ahh, kay.  Yeah, the snapshotting thing is icky.

 16:18 <xnox> auto-luks is: cryptsetup - lvm - ext4

 16:18 <infinity> xnox: I retract my comment. :)

 16:18 <xnox> infinity, indeed. I was hoping it would do a sensible thing - 'this is a swapfile, i shall not snapshot these bits'

 16:18 <slangasek> barry, doko: but the rebuilds for trusty should be against 2.7.12, the version we already support in xenial + yakkety

 16:18 <xnox> but no, no, no.

 16:19 <doko> slangasek: did somebody say something else?

 16:19 <barry> slangasek: right, that's what we agreed on in seville

 16:19 <slangasek> doko: no, but barry's question made me wonder if there was ambiguity so I'm restating just in case :)

 16:20 <barry> yep, sorry to sow confusion

 16:20 <slangasek> alrighty, any other questions on status?

 16:21 <slangasek> doko: wrt python 2.7.12 and trusty, is that still something you think you'll kick off the tests of before EOY?

 16:22 <doko> yes, trying

 16:22 <slangasek> ok

 16:22 <barry> thx

 16:23 <slangasek> [TOPIC] AOB

 16:23 <slangasek> anything else to discuss?

 16:23 <slangasek> there was a question of meetings for next week

 16:23 <slangasek> I won't be around

 16:23 <bdmurray> I have a question

 16:23 <barry> me neither

 16:23 <slangasek> are there people who both a) are around next Thursday and b) want a meeting?

 16:23 <doko> no

 16:23 <xnox> no

 16:24 <bdmurray> Now that Martin's gone can / should we turn on apport crash reporting to Launchpad earlier than Alpha 1 or whatever he did?

 16:24 <slangasek> (aren't you all supposed to give the logician joke answer to that question and say "I don't know"?)

 16:24 <doko> what?

 16:25 <infinity> slangasek: I think we know each other well enough to know the answer is "no".

 16:25 <slangasek> doko: three logicians walk into a bar and the bartender asks, "does everybody want a beer?" the first logician answers "I don't know" the second logician answers "I don't know" the third logician answers "yes"

 16:25 <infinity> slangasek: Even if many answer yes to (a), I suspect none would answer yes to (b). :P

 16:26 <slangasek> bdmurray: I don't recall a reason why we were leaving it turned off until partway into the cycle.  I guess that's a policy that predates proposed-migration?

 16:27 <bdmurray> slangasek: Yes, its just always been that way and I think its worth changing.

 16:28 <slangasek> bdmurray: ok.  IMHO it's better to turn it on earlier

 16:28 <infinity> Yeah, it was historically to avoid a flood of bugs from broken autosyncs.

 16:29 <infinity> But p-m should shield us from most of that these days.

 16:29 <xnox> ...

 16:29 <bdmurray> Cool, I'll turn it on shortly then.

 16:30 <infinity> xnox: If you disagree with that statement, it's only because you were too young to read or type back when we did it the old way. ;)

 16:30 <bdmurray> lol

 16:30 <xnox> is pending-sru page still useful? i see many people starring at proposed-migration for stable releases and are wondering as to why things are not migrating. Should stable proposed-migration learn about "verification-needed" tags? 7 day phasing?

 16:30 <xnox> infinity, excuse me, i've been using ubuntu since Festy Fawn! =)

 16:30 <xnox> infinity, excuse me, i've been using ubuntu since Feisty Fawn! =)

 16:31 <infinity> xnox: Yes we use pending-sru.

 16:32 <infinity> And no, we don't (yet) let p-m actually drive migration.  It's a goal, and a good one, but not a realised one.

 16:32 <slangasek> yes, the pending-sru page is the driver, the update_excuses page doesn't drive promotions

 16:32 <xnox> sure, but we tought a bunch of non #ubuntu-release users to look at proposed-migration outputs =) and i'm now seeing people who know proposed-migration, and are completely unaware of all the other old-school reports pages.

 16:32 <slangasek> that seems like a failure of the education system, not the SRU process

 16:32 <xnox> (i do know how things are done; but external perception of how things are done is shifting)

 16:33 <slangasek> we're not going to jump to prioritize a bunch of engineering work around the proposed-migration pages just because someone told someone to look at the wrong page

 16:33 <xnox> =)

 16:33 <xnox> ok

 16:35 <infinity> I dunno.  I think we should delete our bug tracker because some users prefer to use forums.

 16:35 <robru> +1

 16:35 <infinity> xnox: Will you drive the migration of our bug reporting to ubuntuforums.org?

 16:35 <xnox> infinity, yes please! let's move to BTS

 16:35 <barry> rm -rf launchpad

 16:35 <slangasek> barry: bzr first

 16:35 <xnox> infinity, or better Jira - the best tracker ever.

 16:35 <infinity> *shudder*

 16:35 <barry> slangasek: still waiting for feedback on that draft :)

 16:36 <robru> I'll begin adding CVS support to bileto today.

 16:36 <slangasek> barry: I know

 16:36 * xnox is not sure what it tracks, but I heard it's good at tracking tracks

 16:38 <slangasek> xnox: is that pronounced /ji'ra/ or /dʒi'ra/ or /ʒi'ra/ or /ʎi'ɺa/ ?

 16:39 <slangasek> ok, looks like we're done

 16:39 <slangasek> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)