== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 02 Jun at 15:03 &mdash; 15:27 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2016/ubuntu-meeting.2016-06-02-15.03.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning round ===
The discussion about "Lightning round" started at 15:03.


=== Sprint prep ===
The discussion about "Sprint prep" started at 15:17.


=== AOB ===
The discussion about "AOB" started at 15:19.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * pitti (45)
 * slangasek (31)
 * sil2100 (23)
 * caribou (20)
 * cyphermox (18)
 * tdaitx (18)
 * bdmurray (17)
 * chiluk (12)
 * robru (10)
 * ubottu (8)
 * meetingology (3)



== Full Log ==


 15:03 <slangasek> #startmeeting

 15:03 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Jun  2 15:03:03 2016 UTC.  The chair is slangasek. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 15:03 <meetingology> 

 15:03 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 15:03 <slangasek> [TOPIC] Lightning round

 15:03 <slangasek> $ echo $(shuf -e barry doko bdmurray slangasek caribou infinity sil2100 robru cyphermox pitti tdaitx xnox chiluk)

 15:03 <slangasek> pitti robru cyphermox tdaitx doko sil2100 xnox slangasek barry infinity caribou bdmurray chiluk

 15:03 * chiluk = winning.

 15:03 <pitti> slangasek: FYI, caribou will be a bit late, but he's close to the end so that's fine

 15:03 <pitti> win!

 15:03 <pitti> convergence-y-replace-upstart: settled down the architecture and converted about a third of our session upstart jobs to systemd, the two live happily side by side, all in a PPA now as a PoC; this is now ready for a little sprint with the desktop team to complete this, proposed for end July (TBD)

 15:03 <pitti> foundations-y-local-resolver: landed and announced the changes; this caused some fallout about DNS caching and domain specific DNS servers, resulting in two more WIs

 15:03 <pitti> Ubuntu network YAML config: pinned down design with the server team enough to be able to start working on a prototype; but snappy team has different use cases and a parallel spec which looks rather different; scheduled meeting with lool tomorrow to unify those. This is becoming homungus, it will take quite some more time to pin down the design for this, so /!\ this might land late

 15:03 <pitti> autopkgtest:

 15:04 <pitti> - Add self-autopkgtest for building and using an LXD container

 15:04 <pitti> - Refine apt pinning → source version mapping heuristics (didn't work for ktnef and linux-raspi2)

 15:04 <pitti> - Support packages for sources which haven't been rebuilt since precise (#1588199)

 15:04 <pitti> - lots of manual maintenance and cleanup after several infra troubles

 15:04 <pitti> systemd:

 15:04 <pitti> - debug resolved crashes

 15:04 <pitti> - Fix comments in resolve.conf for search domain overflows (#1588229)

 15:04 <pitti> - Fix networkd integration with resolvconf for domain-limited DNS servers (#1587762)

 15:04 <pitti> - Fix LSB init-functions integration with upstream master

 15:04 <pitti> distro changes/fixes:

 15:04 <pitti> - dropped init/systemd from essential, thus buildd chroots now don't have it any more (hello infinity)

 15:04 <pitti> - dropped initscripts from default install, a big step towards dropping sysvinit

 15:04 <pitti> - apport: Fix retracing of arm64/ppc64el reports (#1585702)

 15:04 <pitti> - at-spi2-atk: Fix to work with dbus-user-session

 15:04 <pitti> - init-system-helpers: Fix deb-systemd-invoke interpretation of policy-rc.d (Debian #825075)

 15:04 <ubottu> Debian bug 825075 in init-system-helpers "deb-systemd-invoke: incomplete handling of policy-rc.d status codes" [Normal,Fixed] http://bugs.debian.org/825075

 15:04 <pitti> - debug/fix invoke-rc.d failure in containers (#1587903)

 15:04 <pitti> - Some ubuntu-minimal/standard seed cleanup

 15:04 <pitti> (end)

 15:04 <robru> lp:bileto

 15:04 <robru> * successful rollout of build parallelization branch

 15:04 <robru> - fixed a few regressions identified by users

 15:04 <robru> - reviewed running jobs to ensure things were working for everybody

 15:04 <robru> - answered a lot of user questions

 15:04 <robru> lp:cupstream2distro

 15:04 <robru> * a few minor fixes to sync with lp:bileto

 15:04 <robru> - support for comments in MP lists

 15:04 <robru> - new filename format for diffs

 15:04 <robru> (done)

 15:04 <cyphermox> MIR:

 15:04 <cyphermox> - python-yaql

 15:04 <cyphermox> SRU:

 15:04 <cyphermox> - ipmitool sel time set TZ parsing (bug LP: #1586048)

 15:04 <cyphermox> - secureboot efivar/efibootmgr/mokutil to P&T

 15:04 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1586048 in ipmitool (Ubuntu Xenial) "ipmi sel time set is setting 30 mins less than given time in OOB, and 30 mins more than given time in in-band method (ipmitool)" [Undecided,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1586048

 15:04 <cyphermox> precise:

 15:04 <cyphermox> - debugging binutils segfault on i386

 15:04 <cyphermox> - this is required for the sbsigntool backport for Secure Boot support

 15:05 <cyphermox> xenial:

 15:05 <cyphermox> - console-setup SRU (bug LP: #1572697, bug LP: #1576893, bug LP: #1579267)

 15:05 <cyphermox> yakkety:

 15:05 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1572697 in console-setup (Ubuntu Xenial) "broken symlink console-setup.service [systemd]" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1572697

 15:05 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1576893 in console-setup (Ubuntu Xenial) "console colors are not correctly applied" [Medium,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1576893

 15:05 <cyphermox> - NM wwan icon fixes (bug LP: #1571574)

 15:05 <cyphermox> - investigate mdadm install/upgrade issues

 15:05 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1579267 in console-setup (Ubuntu Xenial) "plymouth-start.service: After: reference to non-existent keyboard-setup.service" [Medium,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1579267

 15:05 <cyphermox> ±other stuff:

 15:05 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1571574 in OEM Priority Project "[SRU] 3G (WWAN) icon missing" [Critical,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1571574

 15:05 <cyphermox> - DNS resolver discussion w/ pitti and awe

 15:05 <cyphermox> - various meetings about networking

 15:05 <cyphermox> - Lenovo tech here in 20 minutes to fix my X230

 15:05 <cyphermox> (done)

 15:05 <tdaitx> Note: short week, away on Friday

 15:05 <tdaitx> = JCK

 15:05 <tdaitx> - done an initial setup of autopkgtest infra locally with canonistack swift, stopped midway as this is not the best way to get JCK to run

 15:05 <tdaitx> - Got Jenkins installed locally and started setting it up to run together with a slave

 15:05 <tdaitx> - Requested a Jenkins instance with a pair of slaves for amd64, arm64, and ppc64el, requested for Xenial slaves; ongoing

 15:05 <tdaitx> = Other

 15:05 <tdaitx> - On vacation next week, will see you all on the sprint ;-)

 15:05 <tdaitx> - After the sprint I will be working half a day for 2 weeks

 15:05 <tdaitx> (done)

 15:06 <pitti> tdaitx: JCK> what was the blocker, something missing in autopkgtest, or canonistack not being up to the task?

 15:06 <sil2100> doko: ?

 15:06 <tdaitx> btw, thanks pitti for the help with autopkgtest =)

 15:06 <bdmurray> doko is at pycon

 15:07 <sil2100> Ok

 15:07 <sil2100> - Shorter week, Friday off

 15:07 <sil2100> - Landing team work, silo coordination, preparing landing e-mails

 15:07 <sil2100> - RTM status meetings

 15:07 <sil2100> - Xenial touch transition:

 15:07 <sil2100> * Adding pocket-desktop packages to the list of unbuildable package checks

 15:07 <pitti> tdaitx: I guess we shoudl talk about that; you setting up an entierly parallel infra doesn't sound very efficient

 15:07 <sil2100> * Looking into why unity-scope-click is FTBFS on arm64 (oxide build-dep chain)

 15:07 <sil2100> * Poking and coordinating various arm64 related tasks

 15:07 <sil2100> * Reverting the lxc revert for yakkety-overlay and xenial-overlay

 15:07 <sil2100> - OTA-11:

 15:07 <sil2100> * Preparing release notes, sending release e-mails

 15:07 <sil2100> * Copying images to stable and starting phasing

 15:07 <sil2100> * Various actions on additional testing - emulator not publishable again

 15:07 <sil2100> - Helping out in investigating the issue with OTAs not downloading (LP: #1588370)

 15:07 <pitti> tdaitx: excellent sprint matter for Greece :)

 15:07 <sil2100> - Removing deprecated ubuntu-touch frameworks

 15:07 <tdaitx> pitti: even the logs have to private... I believe jenkaas can provide what I actually need

 15:07 <sil2100> - Preparing silo with upstream crasher fix cherrypick for lxc

 15:07 <sil2100> - Preparing silo for vivid-overlay ltt-controls follow up on the ust backport

 15:07 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1588370 in Ubuntu system image "Unable to download update from OTA-9 to OTA-11 on turbo" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1588370

 15:07 <sil2100> - Start documenting the current manual image re-spin process

 15:07 <sil2100> - Some work on the re-sign-indexes script after key rotation in system-image (merged)

 15:07 <sil2100> (done)

 15:08 <tdaitx> pitti: but I will be using autopkgtest for the jtreg build that is run on openjdk builds ;-

 15:08 <tdaitx> ;-)

 15:08 <pitti> sil2100: \o/

 15:08 <pitti> sil2100: to be clear, that's both migrating to xenial and to arm64?

 15:09 <sil2100> pitti: yeah, we're doing both at once basically

 15:09 <slangasek> skipping xnox for now, he said he would be here toward the end of the meeting due to conflict

 15:09 <pitti> sil2100: die, vivid, die! :-)

 15:09 <slangasek> * short week, Memorial Day

 15:09 <slangasek> * SRU processing, including some work for the SecureBoot policy update

 15:09 <slangasek> * pushing the libpoppler library transition along through p-m

 15:09 <slangasek> * discussions around network-config yaml interface for 16.10

 15:09 <slangasek> * discussions around snappy first-boot experience

 15:09 <slangasek> * tweaks to packaging of snappy components

 15:09 <slangasek> (done)

 15:10 <slangasek> barry also at pycon

 15:10 <slangasek> infinity not here

 15:10 <slangasek> is caribou here now?

 15:11 <slangasek> bdmurray:

 15:11 <bdmurray> short week w/ Monday holiday

 15:11 <bdmurray> further tests of retracing arm64 and ppc64el crashes

 15:11 <bdmurray> modifications to the retracer charm to retrace arm64 crashes

 15:11 <bdmurray> tested retracing arm64 crashes in staging ET

 15:11 <bdmurray> added retracer configuations for arm64 and ppc64el to daisy code

 15:11 <bdmurray> modifications to daisy to keep track of retrace attempts and only try 3 times

 15:11 <bdmurray> worked with webops to resolve an errors frontend failure

 15:11 <bdmurray> irc discussion regarding SRU bugs not being commented on and how LP works

 15:11 <bdmurray> modifications to SRU tools to add release tasks

 15:11 <bdmurray> added a hint for xenial for fpc

 15:11 <bdmurray> discussed fpc autopkgtest "regression" with pitti

 15:11 <bdmurray> ✔ done

 15:12 <caribou> slangasek: o/

 15:12 <pitti> bdmurray: thanks for setting up overrides for stables, much appreicated

 15:12 <pitti> and tpying is hrad

 15:12 <slangasek> caribou: hi! you're up :)

 15:12 <chiluk> you mean me..

 15:12 <caribou> Bugfix :

 15:12 <caribou> - Quassel does not play sound (LP: #1506550)

 15:12 <caribou> Investigating FTBS on X & Y

 15:12 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1506550 in quassel (Ubuntu Xenial) "quassel can't play audio notifications in wily" [Low,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1506550

 15:12 <caribou> Development work:

 15:12 <caribou> - makedumpfile development

 15:12 <caribou> Uploaded to Debian. Will sync

 15:12 <caribou> when kexec-tools merge is completed

 15:12 <caribou> - Various merges :*

 15:12 <caribou> corosync

 15:12 <caribou> kexec-tools

 15:12 <caribou> - sosreport development

 15:12 <caribou> Rearrange debian git repo

 15:12 <caribou> Prepare new version

 15:12 <caribou> - Interviews

 15:12 <caribou> ☑ Done

 15:13 <sil2100> pitti: hah, will be a while since it's completely dead tho ;)

 15:13 <pitti> sil2100: only three out of nine lives gone?

 15:13 <tdaitx> bdmurray: what irc channel did the "sru comments/lp works" discussion take place at?

 15:13 <chiluk> * Short Week - memorial day

 15:13 <chiluk> * Mostly non-public work

 15:13 <chiluk> * LP#1581236 - Tested upstream kernel + patches on my haswell box with no benefits.  Need to verify if my nvidia card in my test rig is the issue.

 15:13 <chiluk> * LP#1579917 - Tested upstream kernel + patches, but saw no benefit.  Need

 15:13 <chiluk> * Looked at merging partman-auto, quassel, and mdadm some more.  cyphermox told me to stop with the d-i components due to the rewrite.  I need some guidance for quassel and mdadm, as they both look like they have some broken ancenstry.  Basically quassel requires merging each upstream change when using grab-merge (I'd expect non-conflicting changes to just be applied). That doesn't seem right.

 15:13 <caribou> chiluk: sorry for jumping the gun on oy

 15:13 <chiluk> -done-

 15:13 <chiluk> no worries caribou.

 15:14 <slangasek> any questions?

 15:14 <caribou> chiluk: if you look at quassel, it has ftbs since xenial

 15:15 <chiluk> slangasek I'll direct my merge questions to ubuntu+1-maint channel.

 15:15 <chiluk> later.. I usually look at merges for the last hour of my day or so.. which is probably not optimal.

 15:16 <slangasek> heh, k

 15:16 <caribou> I've been using the server team's git workflow; wfm

 15:16 <caribou> to merge I mean

 15:17 <chiluk> yeah.. I haven't looked too much at that yet..

 15:17 <slangasek> [TOPIC] Sprint prep

 15:17 <bdmurray> tdaitx: ubuntu-release

 15:17 <tdaitx> bdmurray: thanks!

 15:18 <slangasek> sprint is coming up on us fast; since no one volunteered last week ;), I've set up a doc for our agenda: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1rdiLICseBxX6Gml586DR1YDaFmbYuGEUcayFKdYAWRY/edit

 15:18 <slangasek> please add to it

 15:18 <slangasek> and if you have doubts about what you should be working on at the sprint, come talk to me :)

 15:19 <slangasek> [TOPIC] AOB

 15:19 <slangasek> anything else for today?

 15:20 <bdmurray> I'm planning on setting up retracers for arm64 and while we could for ppc64el, is there much need?

 15:21 <slangasek> it's not a burning priority

 15:21 <slangasek> but is it easier to just set it up at the same time?

 15:22 <bdmurray> Yes it would be the same amount of work.

 15:22 <pitti> tdaitx: want to talk about autopkgtest-ifying the JCK?

 15:22 <pitti> tdaitx: (the test format, not necessarily the infra0

 15:22 <tdaitx> pitti: not for JCK, possibily for OpenJDK packaging tests that are run during the build now

 15:22 <bdmurray> pitti: Do you have arm64 retracers for LP?

 15:22 <pitti> bdmurray: not ATM

 15:22 <pitti> only x86, powerpc, and armhf

 15:23 <pitti> no arm64, no ppc64el

 15:23 <pitti> and no s390x either

 15:23 <tdaitx> pitti: but I need to sit down and try my hand at them before I have an actual valid question =)

 15:23 <pitti> tdaitx: ok; I think providing them in our standard format is still valuable for running locally, even if you might end up running them on a separate infar

 15:24 <pitti> infra

 15:25 <tdaitx> pitti: alright, then lets put that on the agenda

 15:25 <pitti> gosh, this gdoc thing is impossible

 15:26 <pitti> slangasek: thanks for trying to unindent that; the unindent button doesn't work, and it seems I'm too dense to drive that

 15:26 * pitti is too used to Markdown and wiki :/

 15:26 <slangasek> pitti: yes, I had noticed the same problem, I don't know what I did wrong with that doc to break unindent

 15:26 <slangasek> anyway, seems like we can end the meeting and go fight with collaborative doc editing now

 15:26 <pitti> slangasek: normally that shoudl be the third-most button from the right, no?

 15:27 <slangasek> there, figured it out ;)

 15:27 <slangasek> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)