== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 27 Jun at 16:31 &mdash; 16:54 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2016/ubuntu-meeting.2016-06-27-16.31.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting 
=== Weekly stand-up report ===
The discussion about "Weekly stand-up report" started at 16:31.


=== Highlighted packages ===
The discussion about "Highlighted packages" started at 16:51.

  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/node-tar.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/libcommons-collections4-java.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/phpldapadmin.html 

=== Miscellaneous and Questions ===
The discussion about "Miscellaneous and Questions" started at 16:51.

  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/libgwenhywfar.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/gcc-snapshot.html 



== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * tyhicks (32)
 * jjohansen (10)
 * sbeattie (7)
 * mdeslaur (6)
 * chrisccoulson (5)
 * jdstrand (5)
 * sarnold (4)
 * ratliff (3)
 * meetingology (3)



== Full Log ==


 16:31 <tyhicks> #startmeeting

 16:31 <meetingology> Meeting started Mon Jun 27 16:31:32 2016 UTC.  The chair is tyhicks. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:31 <meetingology> 

 16:31 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 16:31 <tyhicks> The meeting agenda can be found at:

 16:31 <tyhicks> [LINK] https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting

 16:31 <tyhicks> [TOPIC] Weekly stand-up report

 16:31 <tyhicks> jdstrand: you're up

 16:32 <jdstrand> short week-- I'm off friday and next monday is a national holiday

 16:32 <jdstrand> focusing on snappy this week: right now: dbus-bind interface, finish up the interfaces documentation changes. will work with morphis on testing/sponsoring pulseaudio SRU for disabling recording if snap policy (ie, finish phase 1)

 16:32 <jdstrand> then go down the list depending on what is unblocked. there are policy updates, verifying content sharing if it is ready (snapd side landed, snap-confine side pending), implementing seccomp arg filtering rules after it lands in xenial

 16:32 <jdstrand> that's it from me

 16:32 <jdstrand> mdeslaur: you're up

 16:33 <mdeslaur> I'm on triage this week

 16:33 <mdeslaur> I have patch piloting to do tomorrow

 16:33 <mdeslaur> and am currently working on tomcat updates

 16:33 <mdeslaur> friday I'm off for a national holiday

 16:33 <mdeslaur> that's about it, sbeattie?

 16:33 <sbeattie> I'm n the happy place this week

 16:34 <sbeattie> I'm also on a short week, planning to take this friday off

 16:34 <sbeattie> I'll have kernel USNs to publish shortly

 16:35 <sbeattie> I also need to finish sponsoring a kinit update for yofel

 16:35 <sbeattie> Beyond that, I'll try to to pick up another update or two

 16:36 <sbeattie> That's probably it for my week. tyhicks?

 16:36 <tyhicks> sbeattie: do you know where to watch for PIE failures in doko's upcoming yakkety test rebuild?

 16:36 <tyhicks> IIRC, he should be kicking that off this week

 16:37 <tyhicks> I'm on community this week

 16:37 <sbeattie> tyhicks: yeah, I'll watch for that, thanks for the reminder.

 16:37 <tyhicks> I'm still working on the apparmor yakkety upload and xenial SRU but think I'm finally done with all the changes that need to go into yakkety

 16:38 <tyhicks> I'll then switch to working on seccomp complain mode

 16:38 <tyhicks> I also have an embargoed issue

 16:38 <tyhicks> that's it for me

 16:38 <tyhicks> jjohansen: you're up

 16:39 <jjohansen> I have some testing to finish up for my upstream pull request (carry over from last week)

 16:39 <jjohansen> I need to do some new testing on a revised 4.7 rebase

 16:40 <jjohansen> (of apparmor)

 16:40 <tyhicks> jjohansen: what deadline are you looking at for fixes that can go into the 16.04.1 kernel?

 16:40 <jjohansen> and I need to finish up the ipc cross label validation fix for stacking, and of course testing of it

 16:41 <jjohansen> tyhicks: I still need to coordinate that with the kt

 16:41 <jjohansen> I would like to be done my fixes this week

 16:41 <tyhicks> nice

 16:42 <tyhicks> well, as long as "would like to be ..." to "can be ..." aren't at odds with each other :)

 16:42 <jjohansen> I need to revise and test the profile name validation stuff, lxc/lxd are actively using a wider set than we were allowing (ie. the checks should have been in place a long time ago)

 16:43 <jjohansen> thankfully we can support the broader set with out a problem

 16:43 <tyhicks> good

 16:44 <jjohansen> oh and I have a short week, I am off Friday to join mdeslaur in celebrating July 1

 16:44 <mdeslaur> heh

 16:44 <jjohansen> I think that is it from me, sarnold you are up

 16:44 <sarnold> I gotta admit that sounds like a good idea :)

 16:44 <sarnold> is it too late for me to also ask for friday off? :)

 16:45 <sarnold> I'm on bug triage this week; I expect to finish the livepatch daemon review tomorrow then resume MIRs

 16:46 <sarnold> that's it for me, chrisccoulson?

 16:46 <chrisccoulson> I've got Chromium to sponsor this week, and I need to publish Oxide

 16:47 <chrisccoulson> I spent a fair amount of time last week fixing various build issues and got arm64 builds of Oxide in a PPA (https://launchpad.net/~ci-train-ppa-service/+archive/ubuntu/landing-052/+packages)

 16:47 <chrisccoulson> Other than that, I hope to finally be able to spend time working through https://blueprints.launchpad.net/oxide/+spec/converged-device-support

 16:48 <chrisccoulson> That's me done

 16:48 <tyhicks> ratliff: you're up :)

 16:48 <ratliff> I'm looking into the CVE tracker this week.

 16:49 <ratliff> I'll be out on Thursday

 16:49 <ratliff> back to you tyhicks

 16:50 <tyhicks> chrisccoulson: I think you still have a todo to document the flash update process

 16:50 <chrisccoulson> tyhicks, oh yes, that as well

 16:51 <tyhicks> thanks!

 16:51 <tyhicks> [TOPIC] Highlighted packages

 16:51 <tyhicks> The Ubuntu Security team will highlight some community-supported packages that might be good candidates for updating and or triaging. If you would like to help Ubuntu and not sure where to start, this is a great way to do so.

 16:51 <tyhicks> See https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/UpdateProcedures for details and if you have any questions, feel free to ask in #ubuntu-security. To find out other ways of helping out, please see https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/GettingInvolved.

 16:51 <tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/node-tar.html

 16:51 <tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/libcommons-collections4-java.html

 16:51 <tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/phpldapadmin.html

 16:51 <tyhicks> [TOPIC] Miscellaneous and Questions

 16:51 <tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/libgwenhywfar.html

 16:51 <tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/gcc-snapshot.html

 16:51 <tyhicks> Does anyone have any other questions or items to discuss?

 16:54 <tyhicks> jdstrand, mdeslaur, sbeattie, jjohansen, sarnold, ChrisCoulson, ratliff: Thanks!

 16:54 <tyhicks> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)