== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 21 Jul at 15:02 &mdash; 15:24 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2016/ubuntu-meeting.2016-07-21-15.02.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning round ===
The discussion about "Lightning round" started at 15:02.


=== AOB ===
The discussion about "AOB" started at 15:16.

  * ''LINK:'' http://people.ubuntuwire.org/~wgrant/rebuild-ftbfs-test/test-rebuild-20160701-yakkety.html 



== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * slangasek (42)
 * sil2100 (19)
 * caribou (11)
 * xnox (10)
 * tdaitx (9)
 * bdmurray (7)
 * robru (7)
 * barry (6)
 * pitti (5)
 * ubottu (4)
 * meetingology (3)
 * doko (2)
 * chiluk (1)



== Full Log ==


 15:02 <slangasek> #startmeeting

 15:02 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Jul 21 15:02:05 2016 UTC.  The chair is slangasek. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 15:02 <meetingology> 

 15:02 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 15:02 <pitti> slangasek: uh, that was sarcasm at the extreme, I'd say :)

 15:02 <slangasek> [TOPIC] Lightning round

 15:03 <slangasek> $ echo $(shuf -e barry doko bdmurray slangasek caribou infinity sil2100 robru cyphermox pitti tdaitx xnox chiluk mwhudson)

 15:03 <slangasek> robru slangasek barry bdmurray tdaitx xnox chiluk doko mwhudson caribou sil2100 cyphermox pitti infinity

 15:03 <slangasek> ... but pitti goes first

 15:03 <pitti> Mon-Wed: mini-sprint with seb128, Laney, and tedg for converting session startup from session bus/upstart to user bus/systemd; good progress, some bugs/holes found (no surprise), see https://blueprints.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+spec/convergence-y-replace-upstart for current status

 15:03 <robru> yay

 15:03 <pitti> lxd: debug failure on mounting the root fs (#1602192)

 15:03 <pitti> debug and propose a fix for networking restart/ssh deadlock (#1584393)

 15:03 <pitti> (done)

 15:03 <robru> lp:bileto

 15:03 <robru> * verbose britney logs for debugging purposes

 15:03 <robru> * status job is 99% done, unit tests are done, just a few rough edges to sort out and more testing needed

 15:03 <robru> lp:cupstream2distro

 15:03 <robru> * check dest archive first for supported arches before falling back on main_archive.

 15:03 <robru> (done)

 15:05 <slangasek> * prepped for this week's snappy sprint

 15:05 <slangasek> * ubuntu-image: we have an image that can boot to grub under UEFI; more refinement needed

 15:05 <slangasek> * working through bug reports around the secureboot policy change in latest kernel SRUs (LP: #1604873 et al)

 15:05 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1604873 in shim-signed (Ubuntu Xenial) "MokSBStateRT strictly inferior to /proc/sys/kernel/moksbstate_disabled" [Undecided,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1604873

 15:05 <slangasek> * mid-cycle planning

 15:05 <slangasek> * some work on un-sticking transitions in proposed-migration; haskell almost got there, then got wedged on an unreproducible (on porter box) armhf build failure halfway up the stack

 15:05 <slangasek> * travel swap day tomorrow; mid-cycle next week in .nl

 15:06 <slangasek> (done)

 15:06 <slangasek> barry:

 15:06 <barry> all ubuntu-image all the time

 15:06 <barry> --done--

 15:06 <bdmurray> research into how hwe support works in update-manager

 15:06 <bdmurray> forward port of hwe support to Trusty, Yakkety

 15:06 <bdmurray> ubuntu-release-upgrader bug triage

 15:06 <bdmurray> tested LP: #1603436 (python2.7 Xenial regression-update bug)

 15:06 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1603436 in python2.7 (Ubuntu Yakkety) "Regression in python2.7 SRU breaks python-cassandra" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1603436

 15:06 <bdmurray> ✔ done

 15:06 <tdaitx> = OpenJDK security update

 15:06 <tdaitx> - Packaged, tested, and released OpenJDK 8 package for the security team for Xenial and Wily; a Yakkety package is also available

 15:06 <tdaitx> - Backporting security patches for OpenJDK 7 ongoing

 15:06 <tdaitx> = Merges

 15:06 <tdaitx> - isc-dhcp onhold while I worked on the security update

 15:06 <tdaitx> = Other

 15:07 <tdaitx> - Will be away today afternoon and tomorrow the whole day (finally moving to a new place)

 15:07 <tdaitx> - There's a good chance I will be working from a shared office or similar next week while I wait for an ISP technician to check service 'availability

 15:07 <tdaitx> (done)

 15:07 <slangasek> xnox:

 15:07 <xnox> * 16.04.1 iso testing, ubiquity, SRU finalisation

 15:07 <xnox> * zua - fixing apparmor/libvirt/qemu integration

 15:07 <xnox> * opencryptoki upgrade for s390x

 15:07 <xnox> * mdadm with raid fixes in debian (to fix fallout bugs & to merge into ubuntu)

 15:07 <xnox> * mdadm isms is outstanding

 15:07 <xnox> * btrfs upload pending

 15:08 <xnox> ..

 15:08 <slangasek> chiluk: ?

 15:08 <bdmurray> xnox: have you seen bug 1599428?

 15:08 <ubottu> bug 1599428 in mdadm (Ubuntu) "checkarray doesn't work" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1599428

 15:09 <xnox> bdmurray, yes. among others... failure to boot currently higher on my list.

 15:10 <bdmurray> xnox: okay, that sounds important. ;-)

 15:10 <slangasek> doko: are you back today, or not until tomorrow?

 15:10 <doko> first day back in Berlin (good timing, all SRU regressions already fixed ;p), catching up on email

 15:10 <doko> so, nothing more

 15:10 <slangasek> ok :)

 15:10 <slangasek> caribou:

 15:10 <caribou> Bugfix:

 15:10 <caribou> dpkg status file corrupt

 15:10 <caribou> - Investigating landscape LDS

 15:10 <caribou> Launchpad & Public

 15:10 <caribou> Multiple makedumpfile bugfix

 15:10 <caribou> LP: #1570093 - multipath-tools sponsor

 15:10 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1570093 in multipath-tools (Ubuntu Xenial) "multipath-tools update introduced syslog messages about partx" [Low,Incomplete] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1570093

 15:11 <caribou> Meetings

 15:11 <caribou> Paid Timeout

 15:11 <caribou> & I'm off for the next three weeks on vacation as of friday

 15:11 <caribou> ☑ Done

 15:11 <sil2100> - Landing team work, silo coordination, preparing landing e-mails

 15:11 <sil2100> - RTM status meetings

 15:11 <sil2100> - OTA-12:

 15:11 <sil2100> * Sanity-checking all rc image contents

 15:11 <sil2100> * Announcing and discussing the additional delay requested by the manufacturer

 15:11 <sil2100> - Touch xenial:

 15:11 <slangasek> Paid Timeout?

 15:11 <sil2100> * Noticed additional missing packages in arm64 xenial builds

 15:11 <sil2100> * Wrote a separate script checking for unbuilt binaries for arm64

 15:11 <sil2100> * Prepared, tested and landed silo with multiple packages rebuilt for arm64

 15:11 <sil2100> * Investigating further build failures in the rootfs

 15:11 <sil2100> - Discussing OTA-13 release dates

 15:11 <sil2100> - Looking into the KPI instrumentation PPA implementation

 15:11 <caribou> slangasek: PTO or whatever you wan to call it

 15:11 <sil2100> - Prepping a bileto pre hook for address-book-app to unblock it from yakkety

 15:11 <sil2100> - Adding missing devices to commitlog generation

 15:11 <sil2100> - Looking into the goget-ubuntu-touch new landing

 15:11 <sil2100> - Helping Timo in reviewing some code and proposals for moving SDK off the seeds

 15:11 <slangasek> ah :)

 15:12 <sil2100> - SRUing the xorg-server arm64-enablement bits we published to xenial-overlay

 15:12 <sil2100> - Backporting recent per-device-redirect changes to the s-i testability branch

 15:12 <sil2100> (done)

 15:13 <slangasek> cyphermox is out

 15:13 <slangasek> pitti has already gone

 15:13 <slangasek> infinity is at the snappy sprint this week

 15:13 <slangasek> <infinity> snappy sprint, arm64 ISO, self-loathing, illness, snappy sprint, 16.04.1 release.

 15:13 <slangasek> ^^ summary :)

 15:13 <slangasek> any questons?

 15:14 <xnox> and 16.04.01 is out 20 minutes ago =)

 15:14 <slangasek> yes but the website is not updated yet

 15:14 <barry> infinity's reports are so uplifting

 15:15 <slangasek> The underrated sequel to the Hunter S. Thompson classic, "snappy and self-loathing in Heidelberg"

 15:15 <barry> :D

 15:16 <slangasek> seeing no questions...

 15:16 <slangasek> [TOPIC] AOB

 15:16 <slangasek> anything else for today?

 15:16 <slangasek> feature freeze coming up, everybody feeling good about yakkety?

 15:18 <barry> pretty good from the python side

 15:18 <slangasek> gcc6 test rebuild looks only moderately awful compared to the baseline

 15:18 <slangasek> a bunch of build failures still because of debhelper compat 4 being declared obsolete

 15:19 <slangasek> hopefully we'll pick up fixes for most of those from Debian (especially for main); please stay on top of merges to make sure we pick up any fixes

 15:19 <slangasek> [LINK] http://people.ubuntuwire.org/~wgrant/rebuild-ftbfs-test/test-rebuild-20160701-yakkety.html

 15:19 <xnox> #webops working on the website deployment

 15:21 <barry> i'll take a look at the relevant main failures (we need a new dh-python in debian to fix the zope.interface one)

 15:22 <chiluk> sorry slangasek.. nothing from me ... I've been distracted with maas 2.0 cases lately, so nothing you guys care about.

 15:22 <slangasek> chiluk: ok :)

 15:22 <slangasek> sounds like that covers us then for this week

 15:22 <slangasek> oh

 15:23 <slangasek> volunteer to run the meeting next week, since I'll be sprinting?

 15:24 <slangasek> xnox: thanks for volunteering!

 15:24 <slangasek> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)