== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting: ubuntu-server, 20 Dec at 16:03 &mdash; 16:15 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2016/ubuntu-meeting.2016-12-20-16.03.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Review ACTION points from previous meeting ===
The discussion about "Review ACTION points from previous meeting" started at 16:03.


=== Development Release ===
The discussion about "Development Release" started at 16:03.

  * ''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ZestyZapus/ReleaseSchedule 
  * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-z-tracking-bug-tasks.html#ubuntu-server 

=== Server & Cloud Bugs & SRU/Pending Uploads (caribou) ===
The discussion about "Server & Cloud Bugs & SRU/Pending Uploads (caribou)" started at 16:04.


=== Weekly Updates & Questions for the QA Team (powersj) ===
The discussion about "Weekly Updates & Questions for the QA Team (powersj)" started at 16:09.

  * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/cloud-init/+bug/1648380 

=== Weekly Updates & Questions for the Kernel Team (smb, sforshee) ===
The discussion about "Weekly Updates & Questions for the Kernel Team (smb, sforshee)" started at 16:12.


=== Upcoming Call For Papers ===
The discussion about "Upcoming Call For Papers" started at 16:13.


=== Ubuntu Server Team Events ===
The discussion about "Ubuntu Server Team Events" started at 16:13.


=== Open Discussion ===
The discussion about "Open Discussion" started at 16:14.


=== Announce next meeting date, time and chair ===
The discussion about "Announce next meeting date, time and chair" started at 16:14.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * caribou (31)
 * rbasak (31)
 * ubottu (9)
 * smoser (8)
 * jgrimm (7)
 * meetingology (3)
 * powersj (1)
 * cpaelzer (1)



== Full Log ==


 16:03 <rbasak> #startmeeting ubuntu-server

 16:03 <meetingology> Meeting started Tue Dec 20 16:03:03 2016 UTC.  The chair is rbasak. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:03 <meetingology> 

 16:03 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 16:03 <jgrimm> no worries

 16:03 <rbasak> #topic Review ACTION points from previous meeting

 16:03 <rbasak> Nothing here.

 16:03 <jgrimm> \o/

 16:03 <rbasak> #topic Development Release

 16:03 <rbasak> #link https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ZestyZapus/ReleaseSchedule

 16:03 <rbasak> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-z-tracking-bug-tasks.html#ubuntu-server

 16:04 <rbasak> "Active work that may need wider communication"

 16:04 <rbasak> Anything to discuss?

 16:04 <jgrimm> nothing new there at all

 16:04 <rbasak> #topic Server & Cloud Bugs & SRU/Pending Uploads (caribou)

 16:04 <rbasak> caribou: o/

 16:04 <caribou> \o

 16:05 * caribou getting the SRU list ready if you can wait a minute

 16:06 <caribou> LP: #1447715 - dhclient -6: Can't bind to dhcp address: Cannot assign requested address

 16:06 <caribou> - Series to SRU : xenial

 16:06 <caribou> - Owners : Dan Streetman

 16:06 <caribou> LP: #1452202 - ubuntu preseed install fails to set a hostname

 16:06 <caribou> - Series to SRU : xenial

 16:06 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1447715 in ifupdown (Ubuntu Xenial) "dhclient -6: Can't bind to dhcp address: Cannot assign requested address" [Medium,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1447715

 16:06 <caribou> - Owners : Eric Desrochers

 16:06 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1452202 in netcfg (Debian) "ubuntu preseed install fails to set a hostname" [Unknown,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1452202

 16:06 <caribou> LP: #1579609 - os-prober bug resulting in possible FS corruption

 16:06 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1579609 in os-prober (Ubuntu Xenial) "os-prober bug resulting in possible FS corruption" [Critical,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1579609

 16:06 <caribou> - Series to SRU : xenial

 16:06 <caribou> - Owners : Eric Desrochers

 16:06 <caribou> LP: #1621340 - [SRU]'multipath -r' causes /dev/mapper/<wwid> being removed

 16:06 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1621340 in multipath-tools (Ubuntu Xenial) "[SRU]'multipath -r' causes /dev/mapper/<wwid> being removed" [Medium,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1621340

 16:07 <caribou> - Series to SRU : yakkety xenial

 16:07 <caribou> - Owners : Unowned Hua Zhang

 16:07 <caribou> LP: #1640382 - Segfault event notifier because of race condition

 16:07 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1640382 in Ubuntu Cloud Archive "Segfault event notifier because of race condition" [Undecided,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1640382

 16:07 <caribou> - Series to SRU : trusty

 16:07 <caribou> - Owners : Seyeong Kim

 16:07 <caribou> LP: #1640676 - [SRU] libvirt 1.2.12 live-migration corrupts some instances

 16:07 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1640676 in libvirt (Ubuntu Trusty) "[SRU] libvirt 1.2.12 live-migration corrupts some instances" [High,Incomplete] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1640676

 16:07 <caribou> - Series to SRU : trusty

 16:07 <caribou> - Owners : Unowned

 16:07 <caribou> LP: #1642903 - introduce disk/by-id (model_serial) symlinks for NVMe drives

 16:07 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1642903 in systemd (Ubuntu Trusty) "introduce disk/by-id (model_serial) symlinks for NVMe drives" [Undecided,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1642903

 16:07 <caribou> - Series to SRU : trusty

 16:07 <caribou> - Owners : Unowned

 16:07 <caribou> LP: #1648901 - SPNEGO crash on mechanism failure

 16:07 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1648901 in krb5 (Ubuntu Xenial) "SPNEGO crash on mechanism failure" [Medium,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1648901

 16:07 <caribou> - Series to SRU : xenial

 16:07 <caribou> - Owners : Eric Desrochers

 16:08 * caribou is going to revisit the SRU list script to make it less bulky

 16:08 <rbasak> I suggest just listing the package names if the goal is to prevent duplicate work/collisions on upload.

 16:08 <rbasak> Maybe that list would be easier for people to remember, and they can always contact you with more details if needed (or look at Launchpad)

 16:08 <caribou> rbasak: good idea

 16:09 <caribou> minor tweak anyway

 16:09 <rbasak> caribou: thank you for the list though! Do you have anything else for us? Any questions for caribou?

 16:09 <jgrimm> nope. thanks caribou

 16:09 <rbasak> #topic Weekly Updates & Questions for the QA Team (powersj)

 16:09 <rbasak> powersj: o/

 16:09 <smoser> caribou, you'll push on someone to sru team for cloudsigma cloud-init ?

 16:10 <smoser> bah /me types too slow

 16:10 <caribou> smoser: did already but didn't get any thing back

 16:10 <rbasak> The SRU team is mostly likely to be on vacation until January now.

 16:10 <smoser> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/cloud-init/+bug/1648380

 16:10 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1648380 in cloud-init (Ubuntu Yakkety) "cloud-init fails to find CloudSigma datasource with cloud-init 0.7.8-1-g3705bb5-0ubuntu1" [High,Confirmed]

 16:10 <smoser> well, it'd be good imo to get that into -proposed

 16:10 <caribou> problem with this one is that, once SRUed, it still requires an image respin

 16:10 <smoser> and also a cloud-init in yakkety -proposed with same fixes.

 16:11 <powersj> howdy - short week did lots of bug triage, and continue to get tests happy again with yakkety containers. Still waiting on update from IS on that. Want to work with smoser to get my merge accepted for cloud-init, otherwise, bug triage and getting some small tests written.

 16:11 <smoser> caribou, well, for them, they're using an old image as it is, so upgrade will work now (where before it would not i think) and yeah, they need a new image, but have to get into sru first.

 16:11 <smoser> powersj, yeah, i want to get the tests in

 16:11 <rbasak> Thanks powersj! Any questions for powersj?

 16:12 <rbasak> #topic Weekly Updates & Questions for the Kernel Team (smb, sforshee)

 16:12 <rbasak> smb doesn't appear to be here.

 16:12 <cpaelzer> rbasak: smb is out alreay

 16:12 <rbasak> OK, thanks.

 16:13 <rbasak> #topic Upcoming Call For Papers

 16:13 <rbasak> Anything coming up?

 16:13 <rbasak> #topic Ubuntu Server Team Events

 16:13 <rbasak> Nothing of note I think.

 16:14 <rbasak> #topic Open Discussion

 16:14 <rbasak> Anything else to discuss?

 16:14 <rbasak> #topic Announce next meeting date, time and chair

 16:14 <jgrimm> probably last mtg of the year?

 16:14 <smoser> i think so.

 16:14 <rbasak> Yeah there'll be no point having one next week.

 16:15 <jgrimm> anyone disagree?

 16:15 <jgrimm> tho you'd probably be the only one here. :)

 16:15 <rbasak> So the next meeting will be on Tuesday 3 January, 1600 UTC. gaughen will chair.

 16:15 <rbasak> Thanks all!

 16:15 <rbasak> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)