== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 14 Jun at 16:01 &mdash; 16:21 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2016/ubuntu-meeting.2016-06-14-16.01.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Review ACTION points from previous meeting ===
The discussion about "Review ACTION points from previous meeting" started at 16:01.


=== Development Release ===
The discussion about "Development Release" started at 16:02.


=== Server & Cloud Bugs (caribou) ===
The discussion about "Server & Cloud Bugs (caribou)" started at 16:09.


=== Weekly Updates & Questions for the QA Team (tbd) ===
The discussion about "Weekly Updates & Questions for the QA Team (tbd)" started at 16:17.


=== Weekly Updates & Questions for the Kernel Team (smb, sforshee, arges) ===
The discussion about "Weekly Updates & Questions for the Kernel Team (smb, sforshee, arges)" started at 16:18.


=== Upcoming Call For Papers ===
The discussion about "Upcoming Call For Papers" started at 16:19.


=== Ubuntu Server Team Events ===
The discussion about "Ubuntu Server Team Events" started at 16:20.


=== Open Discussion ===
The discussion about "Open Discussion" started at 16:20.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * zul (26)
 * nacc (22)
 * rbasak (21)
 * jgrimm (18)
 * cpaelzer (8)
 * powersj (3)
 * jamespage (3)
 * meetingology (3)
 * smoser (1)
 * ubottu (1)



== Full Log ==


 16:01 <zul> #startmeeting

 16:01 <meetingology> Meeting started Tue Jun 14 16:01:13 2016 UTC.  The chair is zul. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:01 <meetingology> 

 16:01 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 16:01 <zul> so lets get on with it

 16:01 <zul> #topic Review ACTION points from previous meeting

 16:01 <zul> any action points from the previous meeting?

 16:02 <rbasak> None were minuted.

 16:02 <zul> if not moving on

 16:02 <zul> #topic Development Release

 16:03 <zul> so yakkety is on going, does someone want to take this topic?

 16:03 <rbasak> Sync and merge time. I think that's all, unless anyone else has anything to discuss on this topic?

 16:03 <jgrimm> i'd like to get an update on the importer at some point in the meeting

 16:04 <zul> well now would be a good time then;)

 16:04 <rbasak> It probably fits this topic the best I think.

 16:04 <jgrimm> perfect. nacc, rbasak^^

 16:04 <nacc> sure

 16:04 * rbasak defers to nacc

 16:04 <nacc> not too many updates to the importer itself in the past week

 16:04 <nacc> I found one bug with the resuming of interrupted imports

 16:04 <smoser> o/

 16:05 <nacc> (which happens with launchpad timeouts periodically in my experience)

 16:05 <nacc> otherwise, it seems to be mostly working for the import case

 16:05 <nacc> rbasak and I have been discussing how best to get the tooling to do what we want for the git workflow at this point

 16:05 <nacc> barry from foundations did find one issue with gitpython that exists upstream due to a non-UTF8 in a historical changelog

 16:05 <rbasak> I think from an importer perspective we're doing very well.

 16:05 <nacc> he's planning on sending a patch to catch that and a few other things he's found

 16:06 <nacc> otherwise, the importer is stable as of right now

 16:06 <rbasak> A final piece is to make sure the importer works well against a branch an uploader pushes, to close the loop.

 16:06 <jgrimm> ok, its safe to use?

 16:06 <rbasak> LP MPs seem to work well too.

 16:06 <nacc> i'm still working on the wiki page (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/UbuntuDevelopment/Merging/GitWorkflow)

 16:06 <jgrimm> that is for real work, or still consider it testing phase?

 16:07 <rbasak> From what I've seen it's good for real work, though I have a pretty small sample size so far.

 16:07 <nacc> same here

 16:07 <rbasak> Closing the loop isn't necessary - if the importer doesn't pick up the tree from an upload, no big deal IMHO.

 16:07 <nacc> if we never push the upload/ tags to usdi for now, then the importer will just import the new publish later

 16:07 <rbasak> That shouldn't block progress.

 16:07 <nacc> right

 16:07 <jgrimm> ok, yes.. we know we'll still hit corner cases.

 16:07 <jgrimm> thanks!

 16:07 <zul> ok anything else?

 16:07 <rbasak> So, I guess that means that we'd like everyone to continue asking us for imports as needed.

 16:08 <jgrimm> cpaelzer, dpdk update?

 16:08 <jgrimm> rbasak, i'll send a few import requests later today

 16:08 <nacc> ask on the ubuntu-server list, please :)

 16:08 <jgrimm> nacc, ack

 16:09 <zul> ok moving on

 16:09 <jgrimm> k

 16:09 <zul> #topic  Server & Cloud Bugs (caribou)

 16:09 <rbasak> I would like to bring up bug 1560939.

 16:09 <ubottu> bug 1560939 in libvirt (Ubuntu) "libvirt-bin fails to install on a fresh xenial server" [Critical,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1560939

 16:09 <cpaelzer> sorry busy with rharper and smoser at the same time

 16:10 <jgrimm> cpaelzer, no worries.

 16:10 <cpaelzer> dpdk TL;DR update - we have sane libraries now

 16:10 <rbasak> I marked it Critical because if it is a regression as was suggested in the bug, then it's important.

 16:10 <cpaelzer> we have a dpdk 16.04 ppa at https://launchpad.net/~paelzer/+archive/ubuntu/dpdk-merge-16.04/+packages now

 16:10 * jgrimm looks at rbasak bug

 16:10 <rbasak> But it isn't clear to me if it is valid or not, especially given the most recent comments.

 16:10 <cpaelzer> next dpdk related steps are around getting OpenvSwitch work with it

 16:10 <rbasak> smb (not here) did ask me by email about the "-d" switch.

 16:11 <nacc> rbasak: seems like a nova-compute bug (implicitly)

 16:12 <rbasak> jamespage: any opinion please?

 16:12 <nacc> rbasak: in that nova-compute modified the libvirt-bin defaults, and then ... the user never noticed/knew to revert it, unsure

 16:12 <rbasak> I'd like to get this triaged at least, to eliminate it looking so dire if it isn't.

 16:12 <jamespage> that was related to an older charm version - that has been fixed

 16:13 <jamespage> the original bug was charm related - not sure about the most recent comments

 16:13 <zul> so anything ele?

 16:14 <rbasak> jamespage: so what should the status of the bug be?

 16:14 <nacc> rbasak: it feels like two independent bugs on my re-read; the first was the locales issue

 16:14 <jamespage> invalid imho

 16:14 <nacc> then other users got bit by this libvirt-bin default issue, that was unrelated to the locales one, but had the same effect

 16:15 <zul> ...

 16:15 <rbasak> nacc: are any of your two independent bugs valid, in your opinion? Or would they both be Invalid?

 16:15 <nacc> i think the first is fix-release (via locales update)

 16:16 <nacc> based also upon rharper's comments

 16:16 <nacc> the second is invalid based upon jamespage's comments (aiui)

 16:16 <rbasak> OK, thanks. If everyone's happy with that, I'll update the bug.

 16:17 <zul> #topic Weekly Updates & Questions for the QA Team (tbd)

 16:17 <zul> hi tbd

 16:17 <zul> oh wait..

 16:17 <powersj> o/

 16:17 <jgrimm> nice! hi powersj

 16:17 <powersj> howdy

 16:17 <cpaelzer> hi++ powersj

 16:18 <jgrimm> powersj, will be starting the first week of july.

 16:18 <jgrimm> zul, nothing else for now on QA

 16:18 <rbasak> powersj: welcome!

 16:18 <powersj> thx

 16:18 <zul> ok cool

 16:18 <zul> #topic Weekly Updates & Questions for the Kernel Team (smb, sforshee, arges)

 16:18 <jgrimm> sprinting i believe

 16:19 <cpaelzer> they should have entered social time already or soon

 16:19 <zul> bunch of drunks

 16:19 <zul> #topic Upcoming Call For Papers

 16:19 <nacc> heh

 16:20 <zul> #topic Ubuntu Server Team Events

 16:20 <jgrimm> not seeing anything interesting on lwn CFP page

 16:20 <jgrimm> ditto

 16:20 <zul> any upcoming events?

 16:20 <zul> #topic Open Discussion

 16:20 <zul> chat amongst yourselves

 16:20 <cpaelzer> CFP related - https://www.opnfv.org/news-faq/events/2016-06-20/2016-opnfv-summit anybody ?

 16:20 <cpaelzer> deadlines passed, but I'd be interested if anybody will be there

 16:21 <zul> i guess not

 16:21 <zul> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)