== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 03 Oct at 16:30 &mdash; 16:50 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2016/ubuntu-meeting.2016-10-03-16.30.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting 
=== Announcements ===
The discussion about "Announcements" started at 16:31.


=== Weekly stand-up report ===
The discussion about "Weekly stand-up report" started at 16:31.


=== Highlighted packages ===
The discussion about "Highlighted packages" started at 16:48.

  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/gnash.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/collabtive.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/atheme-services.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/lshell.html 

=== Miscellaneous and Questions ===
The discussion about "Miscellaneous and Questions" started at 16:48.

  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/php-pecl-http.html 



== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * tyhicks (32)
 * jdstrand (10)
 * jjohansen (7)
 * mdeslaur (6)
 * chrisccoulson (6)
 * sbeattie (5)
 * sarnold (4)
 * ratliff (4)
 * ubottu (4)
 * meetingology (3)



== Full Log ==


 16:30 <tyhicks> #startmeeting

 16:30 <meetingology> Meeting started Mon Oct  3 16:30:51 2016 UTC.  The chair is tyhicks. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:30 <meetingology> 

 16:30 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 16:30 <mdeslaur> \o

 16:30 <tyhicks> The meeting agenda can be found at:

 16:31 <tyhicks> [LINK] https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting

 16:31 <tyhicks> [TOPIC] Announcements

 16:31 <tyhicks> Simon Quigley provided a debdiff for xenial for kde-cli-tools (LP: #1629145)

 16:31 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1629145 in kde-cli-tools (Ubuntu) "Fix CVE-2016-7787" [Undecided,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1629145

 16:31 <tyhicks> Thank you for your assistance in keeping Ubuntu users secure! :)

 16:31 <tyhicks> [TOPIC] Weekly stand-up report

 16:31 <tyhicks> jdstrand: you're up

 16:31 <jdstrand> hi

 16:31 <jdstrand> last week was mostly about snappy PR reviews, particularly around snap declarations (but there were others). Various updates to the review tools in preparation for snap declarations

 16:31 <jdstrand> this week I plan to work on:

 16:31 <jdstrand> snap declarations PR reviews

 16:31 <jdstrand> defining the base declaration in support of snap declarations

 16:31 <jdstrand> updating the review tools for snap declarations

 16:31 <jdstrand> fixing click-apparmor/apparmor-easyprof-ubuntu autopkgtests now that click is fixed in yakkety

 16:31 <jdstrand> im-config upload to xenial-proposed

 16:32 <jdstrand> (snap declarations are critically important for snapd atm)

 16:32 <jdstrand> that's it for me. mdeslaur you're up

 16:32 <mdeslaur> I'm on bug triage this week

 16:32 <mdeslaur> I'm currently working on php updates

 16:32 <mdeslaur> and I have short weeks this week and next week

 16:33 <mdeslaur> haven't decided yet what update I'll do after php

 16:33 <mdeslaur> that's it from me, sbeattie

 16:33 <sbeattie> I'm on cve triage this week

 16:34 <sbeattie> I need to do a followup systemd update

 16:34 <sbeattie> I have some apparmor tasks to do (some bug triage etc)

 16:34 <sbeattie> I'll try to pick up another update this week as well.

 16:34 <sbeattie> that's probably it for me. tyhicks?

 16:35 <tyhicks> I'm in the happy place again this week

 16:35 <tyhicks> I need to do some SRU verification (LP: #1580463) (LP: #1614215)

 16:35 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1580463 in im-config (Ubuntu Xenial) "Snap blocks access to system input methods (ibus, fcitx, ...)" [Medium,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1580463

 16:35 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1614215 in apparmor (Ubuntu Xenial) ""md5sums differ" message seems to indicate an install problem" [Low,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1614215

 16:36 <tyhicks> I pitched in some work to help with snaps in lxd last week so now I'm back to testing my apparmor 14.04 SRU for snaps on 14.04

 16:36 <tyhicks> I'll need to do some sprint prep

 16:36 <tyhicks> that's all that I'll plan on this week

 16:36 <tyhicks> jjohansen: you're up

 16:37 <jjohansen> I have a apparmor stacking bug or two to look into this week, I need to finish up the gsettings work, and I need to work on upstreaming the apparmor kernel delta

 16:38 <jjohansen> if we get to a point where we can do the 2.11 release I may help out with that as well

 16:38 <tyhicks> jjohansen: we also need to backport the stacking work to xenial

 16:39 <tyhicks> jjohansen: nice job on landing all the stacking work in yakkety \o/

 16:39 <jjohansen> oh, okay I thought we were holding off on that for a couple weeks, to see how yakkety was

 16:39 <jjohansen> but yes, could definitely work on the backport

 16:39 <jjohansen> to xenial

 16:39 <jjohansen> thanks

 16:39 <tyhicks> jjohansen: we can hold off for a short bit but it might be easier to prepare the backport while all the code is fresh in your mind

 16:40 <jjohansen> ack

 16:40 <tyhicks> sarnold: go ahead

 16:42 <sarnold> hey, I'm i nthe happy plkace this week, I'm resuming the ubuntu-terminal-app review today and hopefully can use standard review tools for zmqpp later on, but if it still can't be built with our tools, I'll just have to go without I guess..

 16:42 <sarnold> (foundations team told me it'll all be sorted out by release day, but that sounds like no fun :)

 16:43 <sarnold> after that some direction for next review would be nice, but there's no rush on it

 16:43 <sarnold> that's it for me, chrisccoulson?

 16:44 <chrisccoulson> This week I've got a Chromium update to test and publish. I was going to do Oxide last week, but there was another Chromium update so I'll include that in the release and do that this week too

 16:44 <chrisccoulson> I'm currently investigating a firefox/trunk build failure

 16:44 <chrisccoulson> I also plan to do bug 1628496 (I'm most of the way through this already)

 16:44 <ubottu> bug 1628496 in Oxide "LocationBarController improvements" [Medium,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1628496

 16:45 <chrisccoulson> At some point this week, I want to find something to snap as well

 16:45 <chrisccoulson> Other than that, it's oxide bugs as usual

 16:45 <chrisccoulson> That's me done

 16:45 <tyhicks> ratliff: you're up

 16:45 <ratliff> I am on community this week

 16:46 <ratliff> I have some design review work and some marketing work lined up for this week as well

 16:46 <ratliff> I am off on Friday.

 16:46 <ratliff> back to you tyhicks

 16:47 <tyhicks> thanks

 16:48 <tyhicks> [TOPIC] Highlighted packages

 16:48 <tyhicks> The Ubuntu Security team will highlight some community-supported packages that might be good candidates for updating and or triaging. If you would like to help Ubuntu and not sure where to start, this is a great way to do so.

 16:48 <tyhicks> See https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/UpdateProcedures for details and if you have any questions, feel free to ask in #ubuntu-security. To find out other ways of helping out, please see https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/GettingInvolved.

 16:48 <tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/gnash.html

 16:48 <tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/collabtive.html

 16:48 <tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/atheme-services.html

 16:48 <tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/lshell.html

 16:48 <tyhicks> [TOPIC] Miscellaneous and Questions

 16:48 <tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/php-pecl-http.html

 16:48 <tyhicks> Does anyone have any other questions or items to discuss?

 16:50 <tyhicks> jdstrand, mdeslaur, sbeattie, jjohansen, sarnold, ChrisCoulson, ratliff: Thanks!

 16:50 <tyhicks> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)