== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting: DMB meeting, 10 Oct at 19:18 &mdash; 19:30 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2016/ubuntu-meeting.2016-10-10-19.18.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Review of previous action items ===
The discussion about "Review of previous action items" started at 19:19.

  * ''ACTION:'' sil2100 to update the lubuntu packageset according to the current seed

=== Any other business ===
The discussion about "Any other business" started at 19:28.




== Vote results ==




== Action items, by person ==

 * sil2100
  * sil2100 to update the lubuntu packageset according to the current seed



== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * sil2100 (23)
 * rbasak (5)
 * micahg (4)
 * meetingology (4)



== Full Log ==


 19:18 <sil2100> #startmeeting DMB meeting

 19:18 <meetingology> Meeting started Mon Oct 10 19:18:55 2016 UTC.  The chair is sil2100. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 19:18 <meetingology> 

 19:18 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 19:19 <sil2100> #topic Review of previous action items

 19:19 <sil2100> I suppose there was one action item for me to create the juju packageset, but without much priority on that

 19:20 <sil2100> Didn't do that one yet, but I guess there would be currently no consumers of this packageset so it's not that urgent

 19:21 <sil2100> I guess no other action items, don't see any from last meeting and all the previous are done

 19:22 <sil2100> So, there was one e-mail sent to devel-permissions about updating the lubuntu packageset, but from what I understand no vote is required for those

 19:22 <micahg> that should just be able to be updated by running the packageset update script (with output verified for correctness as usual)

 19:23 <rbasak> The packageset update script is grossly wrong currently.

 19:23 <micahg> probably best to do after release

 19:23 <sil2100> Yeah, last time when running that it wasn't really outputting the correct things though, but anyway - that's an action for sure

 19:23 <micahg> :(

 19:23 <sil2100> Anyone wants to pick that up, or should I just do it along creating of the juju packageset?

 19:23 <rbasak> The last time I did something, I implemented a subset of the script's suggestions manually. That way I made the problem no bigger and got the job done.

 19:24 <micahg> makes sense

 19:24 <sil2100> Let me assign that to me then, I'll try doing that semi-manually as well

 19:24 <sil2100> #action sil2100 to update the lubuntu packageset according to the current seed

 19:24 * meetingology sil2100 to update the lubuntu packageset according to the current seed

 19:25 <sil2100> btw. did paelzer get his core-dev application reviewed in the end?

 19:25 <sil2100> Since I can't remember

 19:25 <sil2100> (Christian Ehrhardt)

 19:26 <rbasak> Yes, he was approved.

 19:26 <rbasak> I guess the minutes weren't updated.

 19:27 <sil2100> Ah, yes, I see that

 19:27 <sil2100> Thanks

 19:27 <sil2100> Yeah, finally found the logs, all good then

 19:27 <sil2100> I'll clean up the agenda after this meeting since it didn't seem to get updated since a while

 19:28 <sil2100> Aaanyway, for now:

 19:28 <sil2100> #topic Any other business

 19:28 <sil2100> Is there AOB from anyone?

 19:28 <rbasak> None from me.

 19:30 <sil2100> Calling once

 19:30 <sil2100> Calling twice

 19:30 <sil2100> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)