== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 31 Mar at 15:05 &mdash; 15:46 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2016/ubuntu-meeting.2016-03-31-15.05.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning round ===
The discussion about "Lightning round" started at 15:05.

  * ''LINK:'' http://paste.ubuntu.com/15568151/ 

=== AOB ===
The discussion about "AOB" started at 15:27.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * slangasek (36)
 * sil2100 (24)
 * cyphermox (24)
 * pitti (23)
 * infinity (22)
 * xnox (21)
 * caribou (15)
 * bdmurray (11)
 * tdaitx (10)
 * ubottu (8)
 * doko (7)
 * robru (5)
 * cjwatson (5)
 * chiluk (5)
 * meetingology (3)



== Full Log ==


 15:05 <slangasek> #startmeeting

 15:05 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Mar 31 15:05:06 2016 UTC.  The chair is slangasek. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 15:05 <meetingology> 

 15:05 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 15:05 <slangasek> [TOPIC] Lightning round

 15:05 <slangasek> $ echo $(shuf -e barry doko bdmurray slangasek caribou infinity sil2100 robru cyphermox pitti tdaitx xnox chiluk)

 15:05 <slangasek> infinity barry tdaitx robru xnox caribou doko sil2100 slangasek chiluk bdmurray pitti cyphermox

 15:05 <cyphermox> ouh, last

 15:05 <infinity> slangasek: Gimme a few minutes, just woke up. :P

 15:05 <slangasek> ok

 15:05 <slangasek> no barry?

 15:05 <slangasek> tdaitx: you want to go first?

 15:06 <tdaitx> * JCK 8

 15:06 <tdaitx> - Down to 4 runtime failures (3 locale, 1 ssl, 1 graphical/opacity)

 15:06 <tdaitx> - Tested various window managers under Xvfb, dummy Xorg, and Xpra; wmaker so far has the fewest intermittent failures under Xvfb or Xorg (still requires one or two additional runs to get everything to pass)

 15:06 <tdaitx> - Setup Xpra to improve interactive tests (automatic sound redirection)

 15:06 <tdaitx> - Improving scripts to handle both JCK 7 and JCK 8

 15:06 <tdaitx> * JCK 7

 15:06 <tdaitx> - A bit over 20 failures on runtime (waiting to redeploy the environment with additional fixes and integration with from the JCK 8 scripts)

 15:06 <tdaitx> * Checked OpenJDK 8 build failure on arm64; tracked down to missing #includes on an earlier changeset

 15:06 <tdaitx> (done)

 15:06 <robru> short week due to easter

 15:06 <robru> - chased down some issues related to the recent dpkg-buildpackage speedups in the train

 15:06 <robru> * pre_release_hook conversion for media-hub and trust-store

 15:06 <robru> - began working on further GLES automation in the train (in progress)

 15:06 <robru> (done)

 15:07 <doko> tdaitx, in the past I used twm (or still using it for the packages)

 15:07 <xnox> hello

 15:07 <xnox> !skip

 15:08 <xnox> caribou, go =)

 15:08 <caribou> Bugfix :

 15:08 <caribou> - opencontrail panic

 15:08 <caribou> Invesitage Juniper support

 15:08 <caribou> - LP: #1546260 - kexec-tools purgatory failure on PowerPC64

 15:08 <caribou> Uploaded test package to PPA

 15:08 <ubottu> Error: Could not gather data from Launchpad for bug #1546260 (https://launchpad.net/bugs/1546260). The error has been logged

 15:08 <caribou> Development work:

 15:08 <caribou> - DEP8 tests for makedumpfile

 15:08 <caribou> Finalized first pass

 15:08 <caribou> - Kernel crash dump enablement on s390

 15:08 <caribou> Investigating zfcpdump

 15:08 <caribou> - vsftpd DEP8 regression

 15:08 <caribou> Pursueing Debian bug #819546

 15:08 <ubottu> Debian bug 819546 in vsftpd "vsftpd no longer starts with systemd because of listen_ipv6=NO from Bug: #803999" [Normal,Open] http://bugs.debian.org/819546

 15:08 <caribou> Misc:

 15:08 <caribou> - clamav setup & debug

 15:08 <caribou> ☑ Done

 15:09 <tdaitx> doko: yes, I used twm, fluxbox, and wmaker... I was getting too many intermitent failures with twm

 15:10 <xnox> was out last week, plus this is a short week due to pagan holidays.

 15:10 <xnox> beta-2: testing, test report, shipped by dannf, all good

 15:10 <xnox> beta-programme: responding to inquiries, kicked off community too

 15:10 <xnox> responding to bug mail / fixing things: uploaded netcfg, s390-dasd|zfcp, looking into ftbfs regressions

 15:10 <xnox> upstreamish: send trivial patch for openssh, updated germinate/curtin merge proposals

 15:10 <xnox> done

 15:10 <slangasek> infinity: you ready now?

 15:11 <infinity> * Very short week, due to 4-day weekend:

 15:11 <infinity> - Rename powerpc-utils and powerpc-ibm-utils in Debian, merging to Ubuntu soon

 15:11 <infinity> - Update librtas and powerpc-utils to new upstream, with some local fixes

 15:11 <infinity> - Work on glibc security updates

 15:11 <infinity> - New tzdata version updates

 15:11 <infinity> - Investigate glib2.0/s390x failures, still ongoing

 15:11 <infinity> - Lots and lots of queue reviews and a bit of mentoring to go with

 15:11 <infinity> (done)

 15:11 <doko> - openjdk-6 and openjdk-7 removal

 15:11 <doko> - fixing build failures

 15:11 <doko> - transitions: qwt,

 15:11 <doko> - gcc-5 update, updating from the IBM branch

 15:11 <doko> - various +1 maintenance work

 15:11 <doko> (done)

 15:12 <sil2100> - Shorter week due to national holidays

 15:12 <sil2100> - Landing team work, silo coordination, preparing landing e-mails

 15:12 <sil2100> - RTM status meetings

 15:12 <sil2100> - Quick meetings about the joiner buddy program in Canonical

 15:12 <sil2100> - Turbo enablement

 15:12 <sil2100> * Preparing an emergency snapshot for the team to build factory image

 15:12 <sil2100> * Re-spinning images with different custom/device tarball combinations

 15:12 <sil2100> * (more re-spins coming)

 15:12 <sil2100> - OTA-10

 15:12 <sil2100> * Tracking required landings, coordinating custom tarball releases

 15:12 <sil2100> * Spin a new custom tarball for BQ-channel mako with new apps per request

 15:12 <sil2100> - Touch language packs:

 15:12 <sil2100> * Changing exports to Fridays, langpack-o-matic to few hours later

 15:12 <sil2100> * Look into why we're missing some languages in touch (missing potemplate stats)

 15:12 <sil2100> * Manual spins of translations

 15:12 <sil2100> - Clean-up in assigned bugs

 15:12 <sil2100> - Quick preliminary look at the system-image charm

 15:12 <sil2100> - Documenting click-package staging with the lock mechanism

 15:12 <sil2100> - Booking flights for sprint

 15:12 <sil2100> - Seed changes per product team request

 15:12 <sil2100> - Various work and tweaks on some LT tools (safe-copy and snapshotter)

 15:12 <sil2100> (done)

 15:13 <chiluk> slangasek you're up.

 15:13 <slangasek> yes

 15:15 <slangasek> * short week, off last Friday

 15:15 <slangasek> * php sponsorships x 300

 15:15 <slangasek> * proposed-migration cleanups

 15:15 <slangasek> * NEW reviews, FFe processing for 16.04

 15:15 <slangasek> * head-scratching over the 14.04 SIGKILL-the-world upgrader bug, bug #1555237

 15:15 <ubottu> bug 1555237 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu) "Upgrade from 14.04.4→ 16.04 dies midway taking out the session." [Critical,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1555237

 15:15 <slangasek> * nudging launchpad team about scalingstack builders being out of date, possibly caused a build failure due to a kernel bug

 15:15 <slangasek> * nudging people about archive reorg changes

 15:15 <slangasek> (done)

 15:15 <chiluk> - Worked a bit on bug 1012629.  Determined the issue to be a bios/efi one at least for me.

 15:15 <chiluk> - Snappy stuffs.

 15:15 <chiluk> - Some more Vacation *(i.e. moving).

 15:15 <chiluk> - done -

 15:15 <ubottu> bug 1012629 in grub-installer (Ubuntu Precise) "grub-installer ignores "bootdev" setting in preseed file" [Undecided,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1012629

 15:16 <slangasek> bdmurray:

 15:16 <bdmurray> backfilled BucketVersionsCount in real cassandra DB

 15:16 <bdmurray> fixed (combined FirstSeen, LastSeen) BucketMetadata in real cassandra DB

 15:16 <bdmurray> setup local Errors frontend to point at new cassandra DB

 15:16 <bdmurray> submitted RT to have mojo spec reviewed

 15:16 <bdmurray> made modifications to mojo spec based off reviewer feedback

 15:16 <bdmurray> confirmed rsync access to apport's duplicate db works

 15:16 <bdmurray> modified component-mismatch MIR bug creator to do more stuff

 15:16 <bdmurray> opened some MIR bug reports

 15:16 <bdmurray> sprint travel arrangements

 15:16 <bdmurray> ✔ done

 15:16 <pitti> only a 2-day week (plus some extra hacking over holiday)

 15:16 <pitti> autopkgtgest:

 15:16 <pitti> - add testbed package list to artifacts.tar.gz (#1559629)

 15:16 <pitti> - fix retries for silos when corresponding Ubuntu release does not have any result for given package (#1544917)

 15:16 <pitti> - some post-holiday maintenance, update armhf boxes

 15:16 <pitti> - britney: add some more tests

 15:16 <pitti> ddebs.u.c.:

 15:16 <pitti> - analyze ddeb-eating issue from last week, add working --regenerate-all option, refresh indexes for new GPG key/hash algorithm (#1558823)

 15:16 <pitti> - add xz index compression, by request from Colin (#1559987)

 15:16 <pitti> - prepare for Packages.bz2 disappearing from master Ubuntu archive

 15:16 <pitti> distro:

 15:16 <pitti> - cmake: clean up merge, sponsor (#1534263)

 15:16 <pitti> - debug why libpam-systemd is missing in a ppc64el server install, fix seeds (#1561658)

 15:17 <pitti> - investigate deadlock with lots of LVMs, some experiments wrt. fixing watershed, create watershed tests; eventually opted for fixing lvm2 (#1560710)

 15:17 <pitti> - PostgreSQL: prepare new upstream security/bug fix releases for all supported Ubuntu releases (#1564268)

 15:17 <pitti> misc:

 15:17 <pitti> - help Saviq with getting access to scalingstack instance for debugging unity8 failure

 15:17 <pitti> (END)

 15:17 <cyphermox> xenial:

 15:17 <cyphermox> - finishing network-manager updates for FFE

 15:17 <cyphermox> - investigating ubiquity crashes (bug LP: #1551285)

 15:17 <cyphermox> - minor libcxl fixes

 15:17 <cyphermox> - ubiquity oem-config fixes (network and users) (bug LP: #1508865, bug LP: #1552621)

 15:17 <ubottu> Error: Launchpad bug 1551285 could not be found

 15:17 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1508865 in One Hundred Papercuts "oem-config: networking not enabled during user config" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1508865

 15:17 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1552621 in ubiquity (Ubuntu) "Can't login to desktop autometically after oem-config is finished on OEM mode" [High,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1552621

 15:17 <cyphermox> other stuff:

 15:17 <cyphermox> - I am in upgrade testing hell

 15:17 <cyphermox> - Secure Boot /efi/boot paths on broken firmware

 15:17 <cyphermox> - add u-r-u quirk for dbus's setuid helper permissions

 15:17 <cyphermox> - upgrade testing w/ timetravel (bug LP: #1555237)

 15:17 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1555237 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu) "Upgrade from 14.04.4→ 16.04 dies midway taking out the session." [Critical,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1555237

 15:17 <cyphermox> - includes setup time for said timetravel w/ meta-release

 15:17 <cyphermox> - systemtap tracing signals on upgrade

 15:17 <cyphermox> (done)

 15:18 <bdmurray> timetravel?

 15:19 <cyphermox> yeah, some code I stole from cjwatson with minimal changes so that you can pick at the archive's state at a specific date

 15:19 <slangasek> cyphermox: hmm. the NM from the FFe has not landed yet?

 15:19 <cyphermox> slangasek: no, it has not

 15:19 <slangasek> FFes normally expire once we hit final beta

 15:20 <cyphermox> slangasek: the work is useful anyway, it will be ready for next cycle

 15:20 <slangasek> ok; is someone (desktop team?) expecting this still for 16.04?

 15:20 <cyphermox> I don't know, I'm certainly not getting much help

 15:20 <slangasek> cyphermox: re: upgrade testing, did you get a handle on systemtap for this?

 15:20 <cyphermox> bdmurray https://github.com/cyphermox/apt-mirror

 15:21 <cyphermox> slangasek: yes, I have output from a stap script, hold on

 15:21 <cyphermox> http://paste.ubuntu.com/15568151/

 15:21 <cyphermox> it does show that systemd-udevd goes on a murder spree

 15:21 <infinity> Whee.

 15:21 * xnox bets that cjwatson's traveler is based on my traveler which is based on tumbleweed's traveler

 15:22 <slangasek> cyphermox: ah, so it is udev that's doing it

 15:22 <cyphermox> xnox: quite likely, which is also based on some other thing from some other people

 15:22 <slangasek> cyphermox: maybe you want to grab pitti in to help with this?

 15:22 <pitti> udisks2.postinst does this: udevadm trigger --subsystem-match=block --action=change

 15:22 <pitti> which at least connects updating udisks to some udev activity

 15:22 <cyphermox> already pinged

 15:22 <slangasek> ok

 15:22 <pitti> but this still  looks a bit weird -- why would dbus-deaemon send SIGKILLs too?

 15:22 <xnox> because dbus activation timedout....

 15:23 <xnox> (dbus is a mini-init)

 15:23 <slangasek> alrighty, any other questions over status?

 15:24 <cjwatson> timetravel> it sure is

 15:24 <slangasek> and tumbleweed's traveler is based on tumbleweed's traveler is based on tumbleweed's traveler?

 15:24 <cjwatson> FYI the archive reorg status is that I have a couple of LP branches up for review to add a flag which changes build-dep resolution behaviour, and xnox's germinate branch is probably OK now though I need to take another look after I get the LP stuff reviewed

 15:24 <slangasek> \o/

 15:24 <cjwatson> if all goes well it should be possible to roll it out early next week

 15:25 <cjwatson> I'm guessing that if it's after next week, it's too late for 16.04

 15:25 <infinity> cjwatson: Yay.  I've been intentionally merging my packages with main/universe build-dep deltas at lower-than-Debian versions, so I can sync when that lands. :)

 15:25 <cjwatson> and the security team will hate me forever

 15:25 <slangasek> cjwatson: we still have component-mismatches in the current report that we are NOT "fixing" for 16.04 :)

 15:25 <slangasek> nodejs is blacklisted from main

 15:25 <slangasek> because of its known Communist sympathies

 15:26 * xnox TRUMP

 15:26 <xnox> slangasek, he is a Communist right?

 15:26 <infinity> Not last I checked.

 15:27 <slangasek> [TOPIC] AOB

 15:27 <xnox> infinity, btw that systemctl bug looks like a libsystemd dbus / kdbus serialisation/deserialisation library bug

 15:27 <xnox> ....

 15:28 <infinity> Nifty.

 15:28 <infinity> Does it appear to have any actual runtime effect, or just hilarious cosmetic effect?

 15:30 <slangasek> apparently it has the runtime effect of making xnox disappear

 15:31 <xnox> infinity, pretty sure any uint communication between any *ctl clients and systemd is borked

 15:31 <infinity> Awesome.

 15:32 <xnox> but e.g. gdbus client over dbus1 daemon does work correctly

 15:32 <slangasek> ok, anything else?

 15:33 <sil2100> uh

 15:34 <pitti> xnox: do you have some details about that? bug report or so?

 15:34 <infinity> sil2100: That's how I feel too.

 15:35 <infinity> pitti: My "bug report" was just an IRC ping consisting of "wtf lol" and:

 15:35 <infinity> ● z13-028

 15:35 <infinity> State: running

 15:35 <infinity> Jobs: 1197795576 queued

 15:35 <infinity> Failed: 1197795576 units

 15:35 <sil2100> That's how I feel all week

 15:35 <xnox> pitti, filing one now. will link

 15:37 <infinity> pitti: Obviously an endian bug, both from the hilariously large representations of "0", and that I see it on both s390 and powerpc.

 15:37 <pitti> *nod*

 15:40 <xnox> pitti, https://github.com/systemd/systemd/issues/2927

 15:40 <xnox> infinity, but i like that pid1 has the right value, and reports the right thing over system dbus1

 15:46 <slangasek> alrighty, seems we're at and end

 15:46 <slangasek> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)