== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 28 Nov at 16:31 &mdash; 16:49 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2016/ubuntu-meeting.2016-11-28-16.31.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting 
=== Weekly stand-up report ===
The discussion about "Weekly stand-up report" started at 16:31.


=== Highlighted packages ===
The discussion about "Highlighted packages" started at 16:47.

  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/ceph-deploy.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/android-platform-system-core.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/ccid.html 

=== Miscellaneous and Questions ===
The discussion about "Miscellaneous and Questions" started at 16:47.

  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/c-icap.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/onionshare.html 



== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * tyhicks (37)
 * jdstrand (9)
 * chrisccoulson (7)
 * ratliff (6)
 * sbeattie (6)
 * sarnold (4)
 * meetingology (3)
 * ubottu (1)



== Full Log ==


 16:31 <tyhicks> #startmeeting

 16:31 <meetingology> Meeting started Mon Nov 28 16:31:47 2016 UTC.  The chair is tyhicks. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:31 <meetingology> 

 16:31 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 16:31 <tyhicks> The meeting agenda can be found at:

 16:31 <tyhicks> [LINK] https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting

 16:31 <tyhicks> [TOPIC] Weekly stand-up report

 16:32 <tyhicks> jdstrand: you're up

 16:32 <jdstrand> hey

 16:33 <jdstrand> this week I'll be following up on the dbus-app interface, and have a bunch of snap reviews

 16:33 <jdstrand> I have some review tools updates

 16:34 <jdstrand> after that I'll be looking at the network-namespace interface

 16:34 <jdstrand> then start adding seccomp arg filtering policy

 16:34 <jdstrand> that's it for me

 16:34 <jdstrand> mdeslaur: you're up

 16:35 <tyhicks> he's not around right now

 16:35 <tyhicks> sbeattie: you're up

 16:35 <jdstrand> oh, sorry

 16:35 <tyhicks> np

 16:35 <sbeattie> I'm on community this week

 16:35 <jdstrand> s/snap reviews/snappy reviews/

 16:35 <sbeattie> I have vim updates to test and publish

 16:35 <sbeattie> kernel updates should be published this week as well

 16:36 <sbeattie> I'll try to pick up another update as well

 16:36 <sbeattie> I also have some apparmor tasks to do

 16:36 <sbeattie> that'll probably consume my week

 16:36 <tyhicks> I'm on bug triage this week

 16:36 <tyhicks> I'll pick up the work for seccomp logging changes to suite snappy

 16:37 <tyhicks> still need to circle back to the apparmor 14.04 SRU bug followups

 16:38 <tyhicks> and might be able to get to some of the eCryptfs issues that are piling up such as bug 1636890 and a crypto api usage change

 16:38 <ubottu> bug 1636890 in linux (Ubuntu) "invalid file times with overlayroot and encrypted home" [Undecided,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1636890

 16:38 <tyhicks> thats it for me

 16:38 <tyhicks> I don't see jj

 16:38 <tyhicks> sarnold: go ahead

 16:39 <tyhicks> I don't think he's around either

 16:39 <tyhicks> chrisccoulson: your turn

 16:39 <chrisccoulson> I need to get an oxide update published. I've also got a firefox update to do as well

 16:40 <chrisccoulson> I'll also be carrying on with https://blueprints.launchpad.net/oxide/+spec/ubuntu-webview-implementation

 16:40 <chrisccoulson> And at some point, I need to figure out what we do with rust, which is going to become a hard dependency on firefox early next year

 16:40 <chrisccoulson> That's me done

 16:40 <tyhicks> chrisccoulson: are all 3 of the build failures fixed?

 16:40 <chrisccoulson> tyhicks, 2 of them are

 16:41 <tyhicks> chrisccoulson: ok, nice work :)

 16:41 <chrisccoulson> one of them was a v8 bug (https://bugs.chromium.org/p/v8/issues/detail?id=5668)

 16:41 <tyhicks> chrisccoulson: what's remaining?

 16:41 <chrisccoulson> tyhicks, arm64/xenial still fails

 16:41 <tyhicks> ok

 16:42 <tyhicks> ratliff: go ahead

 16:42 <ratliff> I am in the happy place this week.

 16:42 <ratliff> I have a few internal tasks to finalize and I start management training this week.

 16:42 <sarnold> (sorry, here now)

 16:43 <ratliff> I am also working on the ghostscript update. xenial is in the security-proposed ppa

 16:43 <ratliff> so if anyone wants to do extra testing, it is available

 16:43 <ratliff> universe project is ongoing

 16:43 <ratliff> that is it for me

 16:43 <tyhicks> thanks!

 16:44 <tyhicks> sarnold: looks like you're in now - you're up

 16:45 <sarnold> I'm on cve triage this week; email catchup from long lovely weekend; I'll finish libsmbios and start swift-s3-storage (or whtever's it's called) and hopefully finish up my apt regression

 16:46 <sarnold> how far I get throught the swift-s3-storage will depend upon how much more time that apt testing takes (should be quick, but I've thought that before about any number of things..)

 16:46 <sarnold> that's it for me, tyhicks?

 16:46 <tyhicks> sounds good

 16:47 <tyhicks> [TOPIC] Highlighted packages

 16:47 <tyhicks> The Ubuntu Security team will highlight some community-supported packages that might be good candidates for updating and or triaging. If you would like to help Ubuntu and not sure where to start, this is a great way to do so.

 16:47 <tyhicks> See https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/UpdateProcedures for details and if you have any questions, feel free to ask in #ubuntu-security. To find out other ways of helping out, please see https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/GettingInvolved.

 16:47 <tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/ceph-deploy.html

 16:47 <tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/android-platform-system-core.html

 16:47 <tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/ccid.html

 16:47 <tyhicks> [TOPIC] Miscellaneous and Questions

 16:47 <tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/c-icap.html

 16:47 <tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/onionshare.html

 16:47 <tyhicks> Does anyone have any other questions or items to discuss?

 16:49 <tyhicks> jdstrand, sbeattie, sarnold, ChrisCoulson, ratliff: Thanks!

 16:49 <tyhicks> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)