== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 19 Sep at 16:35 &mdash; 16:59 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2016/ubuntu-meeting.2016-09-19-16.35.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting 
=== Weekly stand-up report ===
The discussion about "Weekly stand-up report" started at 16:35.


=== Highlighted packages ===
The discussion about "Highlighted packages" started at 16:57.

  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/musl.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/gridengine.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/php-cas.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/gitlab.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/pdns.html 

=== Miscellaneous and Questions ===
The discussion about "Miscellaneous and Questions" started at 16:57.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * tyhicks (38)
 * jjohansen (11)
 * jdstrand (10)
 * chrisccoulson (9)
 * ratliff (8)
 * mdeslaur (7)
 * sbeattie (6)
 * sarnold (5)
 * meetingology (3)



== Full Log ==


 16:35 <tyhicks> #startmeeting

 16:35 <meetingology> Meeting started Mon Sep 19 16:35:35 2016 UTC.  The chair is tyhicks. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:35 <meetingology> 

 16:35 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 16:35 <tyhicks> The meeting agenda can be found at:

 16:35 <tyhicks> [LINK] https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting

 16:35 <tyhicks> [TOPIC] Weekly stand-up report

 16:35 <tyhicks> jdstrand: you're up

 16:36 <jdstrand> hi!

 16:36 <jdstrand> last week worked on the docker interface, updated snappy-debug for new policy/bug fixes, various snappy policy updates, browser-support feedback/improvements, fine-grained autoconnects in snapd, picked up dbus-app discussion, and provided lots of reviews/help/etc to namespace sharing in snap-confine

 16:36 <jdstrand> this week plan to finish up the namespace sharing card

 16:36 <jdstrand> finish the docker interface

 16:36 <jdstrand> respond to feedback on dbus-app interface

 16:36 <jdstrand> investigate CLONE_NEWUSER issue (I think it is fixed with latest snap-confine, need to fully confirm)

 16:37 <jdstrand> a few policy updates

 16:37 <jdstrand> work on snap declarations (PR reviews, review tools updates, etc)

 16:37 <jdstrand> investigate what network-namespace interface might look like

 16:37 <jdstrand> that's it from me

 16:38 <mdeslaur> I'm in the happy place this week

 16:38 <mdeslaur> tomorrow, I'm on patch piloting

 16:38 <mdeslaur> I am currently release tomcat updates

 16:38 <mdeslaur> and have started working on clamav updates

 16:38 <mdeslaur> that's pretty much what I'll be doing this week

 16:38 <mdeslaur> sbeattie: you're up

 16:38 <sbeattie> I'm also in the happy place this week

 16:39 <sbeattie> I'm finishing up sponsoring an update left over from last week (mariadb)

 16:39 <tyhicks> ah, two happy place weeks in a row :)

 16:39 <sbeattie> I have kernel USNs to publish since they went out this morning

 16:39 <sbeattie> I have some apparmor patches to review

 16:40 <sbeattie> I'll probably try to pick up an additional update as well

 16:40 <mdeslaur> tyhicks: yeah! It's like paradise! :)

 16:40 <sbeattie> that'll likely consume my week. tyhicks, over to you

 16:41 <tyhicks> I'm on community this week

 16:41 <tyhicks> now that the kernels have published, I need to go verify an apparmor userspace SRU

 16:42 <tyhicks> jdstrand: ^ fyi, that'll also feed into your SRU

 16:42 <tyhicks> jdstrand: so watch for that this week

 16:42 <tyhicks> I think I'm through all my pending snap-confine reviews

 16:43 <tyhicks> I'm still testing xenial's apparmor in trusty for an SRU

 16:43 <tyhicks> and I'm finally working on seccomp logging again

 16:43 <tyhicks> in fact, I probably need to make a band-aid fix to the 4.8 kernel around seccomp logging this week

 16:44 <tyhicks> that's it for me

 16:44 <tyhicks> jjohansen: you're up

 16:44 <jjohansen> I'm still working on 4.8 an lxc/d stacking

 16:45 <jjohansen> we landed a mostly working 4.8 for the kt on the weekend, but it has at least one odd known regression in the test suite to track down

 16:46 <jjohansen> and not the full set of patches to support lxc/d landed with it as they were exhibiting more bugs

 16:46 <tyhicks> jjohansen: what test is failing?

 16:46 <jjohansen> so, I'll be tracking those down this week and they will go in after the beta kernel

 16:47 <jjohansen> tyhicks: the exec_stack tests

 16:47 <jjohansen> however they weren't failing in the kernel

 16:47 <jjohansen> it is userspace segfaulting

 16:48 <jjohansen> I can't say however its not the kernels fault yet

 16:48 <tyhicks> jjohansen: let me know if I need to help you straighten that out

 16:48 <jjohansen> tyhicks: ack

 16:48 <tyhicks> jjohansen: I could take the userspace portion over and let you sort out the other issue(s)

 16:48 <jjohansen> tyhicks: maybe, we can discuss off line

 16:48 * tyhicks nods

 16:48 <jjohansen> err, after the meeting

 16:49 <tyhicks> sounds like a full week

 16:49 <tyhicks> sarnold: you're up

 16:49 <sarnold> I'm on bug triage this week

 16:50 <sarnold> also burning down the list of MIRs, which I understand need some juggling

 16:50 <sarnold> wds is underway, I should be able to finish it by eod

 16:50 <tyhicks> great

 16:50 <sarnold> there's also outstanding apparmor patches I'd love to review, but .. time.

 16:50 <sarnold> anyway that's me, chrisccoulson?

 16:52 <ratliff> chrisccoulson may still be out since he had to step away

 16:53 <ratliff> I'll go ahead and he can jump in anytime if he is around

 16:53 <ratliff> I'm on CVE triage this week.

 16:53 <chrisccoulson> I'm back now :)

 16:53 <tyhicks> hi chrisccoulson :)

 16:53 <chrisccoulson> I'll let you finish

 16:53 <ratliff> go ahead chrisccoulson

 16:53 <chrisccoulson> oh, ok :)

 16:53 <chrisccoulson> I've got a Firefox update to do this week, plus a small Oxide update

 16:54 <chrisccoulson> I'll likely be spending a little bit of time on Firefox again (related to menubar / snappy)

 16:55 <tyhicks> still have any oxide documentation work remaining?

 16:55 <chrisccoulson> I landed a bunch of documentation last week in Oxide (http://people.canonical.com/~chrisccoulson/oxide-documentation/overview.html). I'm looking forward to doing stuff this week that doesn't involve writing documentation

 16:55 <chrisccoulson> heh

 16:55 <chrisccoulson> I filed a bunch of bugs last week whilst writing documentation, and I imagine I'll spend some time this week fixing those

 16:55 <chrisccoulson> That's me done

 16:56 <ratliff> I will also be looking into the pillow update

 16:56 <ratliff> Spending quality time on the Unity 8 MIR Trello board

 16:56 <ratliff> And doing further sprint planning

 16:56 <ratliff> back to you tyhicks

 16:57 <tyhicks> thanks

 16:57 <tyhicks> [TOPIC] Highlighted packages

 16:57 <tyhicks> The Ubuntu Security team will highlight some community-supported packages that might be good candidates for updating and or triaging. If you would like to help Ubuntu and not sure where to start, this is a great way to do so.

 16:57 <tyhicks> See https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/UpdateProcedures for details and if you have any questions, feel free to ask in #ubuntu-security. To find out other ways of helping out, please see https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/GettingInvolved.

 16:57 <tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/musl.html

 16:57 <tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/gridengine.html

 16:57 <tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/php-cas.html

 16:57 <tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/gitlab.html

 16:57 <tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/pdns.html

 16:57 <tyhicks> [TOPIC] Miscellaneous and Questions

 16:58 <tyhicks> Does anyone have any other questions or items to discuss?

 16:59 <tyhicks> jdstrand, mdeslaur, sbeattie, jjohansen, sarnold, ChrisCoulson, ratliff: Thanks!

 16:59 <tyhicks> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)