== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 12 May at 15:06 &mdash; 15:25 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2016/ubuntu-meeting.2016-05-12-15.06.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== lightning round ===
The discussion about "lightning round" started at 15:07.


=== AOB ===
The discussion about "AOB" started at 15:21.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * pitti (40)
 * infinity (31)
 * sil2100 (27)
 * tdaitx (21)
 * bdmurray (17)
 * ubottu (17)
 * caribou (15)
 * robru (10)
 * barry (10)
 * xnox (9)
 * cyphermox (7)
 * chiluk (5)
 * arges (3)
 * meetingology (3)
 * jose (1)



== Full Log ==


 15:06 <pitti> #startmeeting

 15:06 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu May 12 15:06:43 2016 UTC.  The chair is pitti. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 15:06 <meetingology> 

 15:06 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 15:07 <pitti> shuf results: xnox barry bdmurray tdaitx infinity chiluk pitti slangasek robru cyphermox caribou sil2100 doko

 15:07 <xnox> i win =)

 15:07 <pitti> (totally fair dice roll, I swear!)

 15:07 <pitti> #topic lightning round

 15:07 <xnox> working on sru bugs for netcfg, gcc-5.

 15:07 <xnox> working on cloud-images for z/vm almost done to hand over to cpc team.

 15:08 <xnox> jetlagged, having afternoon naps.

 15:08 <xnox> done.

 15:08 <bdmurray> xnox: that's old age

 15:08 <infinity> xnox: Me too (re: jetlag).

 15:08 <barry> jetlag, shmetlag

 15:08 <xnox> infinity, calgary & texas are not the same time zone? =)

 15:08 <barry> recovering from lxd/schroot/encrypted home unmounting/kernel panic issues

 15:08 <barry> pycon prep; @public decorator; PEP 8 discussions

 15:08 <barry> LP: #1579738

 15:08 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1579738 in Canonical System Image "Device stopped receiving OTA-updates due to outdated keyring" [Critical,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1579738

 15:08 <barry> SRU'd pip/pyparsing fixes; pex 1.1.6-1; pyflakes 1.2.2-1; pyparsing 2.1.1+dfsg1-1 (debian bug #710660; debian bug #735542; debian bug #823560); debian bug #823883; LP: #1560134; LP: #1578761; debian bug #823358; enum34 1.1.5-1 (debian bug #820312; debian bug #793506)

 15:09 <ubottu> Debian bug 710660 in python3-pyparsing "python3-pyparsing: add autopkgtest" [Wishlist,Fixed] http://bugs.debian.org/710660

 15:09 <ubottu> Debian bug 735542 in python-pyparsing "Should Suggest: python-pyparsing-doc" [Wishlist,Fixed] http://bugs.debian.org/735542

 15:09 <ubottu> Debian bug 823560 in src:pyparsing "please build a pypy-pyparsing package" [Normal,Fixed] http://bugs.debian.org/823560

 15:09 <ubottu> Debian bug 823883 in autodep8 "autodep8: Support PyPy packages" [Wishlist,Open] http://bugs.debian.org/823883

 15:09 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1560134 in pyflakes (Ubuntu) "TypeError: unsupported operand type(s) for +: 'NoneType' and 'str'" [Critical,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1560134

 15:09 <infinity> xnox: Off by an hour!

 15:09 <barry> starting on the libpeas resync

 15:09 <barry> --done--

 15:09 <bdmurray> added in yakkety, and its milestones, to the errors code

 15:09 <bdmurray> committed a fix to Errors for LP: #1571772

 15:09 <bdmurray> created yakkety test crashes

 15:09 <bdmurray> fixed fetch-test-crashes to put right arch crashes in right folders

 15:09 <bdmurray> tested pitti's apport gdb changes in the staging env of the error tracker

 15:09 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1571772 in Errors "retrace failure example instance should be a clickable link" [Medium,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1571772

 15:09 <bdmurray> investigation into why using sandbox version of gdb doesn't produce a crash_sig

 15:09 <bdmurray> reported apport bugs LP: #1580287, LP: #1579949, LP: #1579897

 15:09 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1580287 in Apport "apport doesn't install gdb dependencies" [Undecided,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1580287

 15:09 <bdmurray> submitted RT to have failed queue retracers stop using --sandbox

 15:09 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1579949 in apport (Ubuntu) "add_gdb_info hides OSErrors when running gdb during retracing" [Low,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1579949

 15:09 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1579897 in apport (Ubuntu) "report's _command_output function doesn't always return the error" [Low,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1579897

 15:09 <pitti> barry: done?

 15:09 <bdmurray> worked with barry to sort out issues with ubuntu-release-upgrader tests

 15:09 <bdmurray> resolved ubuntu-release-upgrader test ordering failure w/ test_sources_list

 15:09 <bdmurray> resolved ubuntu-release-upgrader unicode sources test failure

 15:09 <bdmurray> uploaded potential xenial fix for LP: #1538438

 15:09 <bdmurray> ✔ done

 15:09 <pitti> barry: nevermind, scroll error

 15:09 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1538438 in apt (Ubuntu) "apt-helper crashed with SIGABRT in __gnu_cxx::__verbose_terminate_handler()" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1538438

 15:09 <bdmurray> modified cranberry branch of ubuntureports ubuntu-archive-tools to be auto updated

 15:10 <tdaitx> = Security update for OpenJDK 6

 15:10 <tdaitx> * New icedtea 1.13.11 release

 15:10 <tdaitx> * Provided backport to Wily, Trusty, and Precise to the security team on Friday; published on Tuesday

 15:10 <tdaitx> * ARM32 JIT is broken due to the hotspot security update

 15:10 <tdaitx> - IcedTea 1.x patches OpenJDK 6 to add ARM32 JIT

 15:10 <tdaitx> - Differently from IcedTea 2.x it provides no way to disable that build (it is always enabled)

 15:10 <barry> :)

 15:10 <tdaitx> - doko added a small patch to prevent it from being build (thanks!)

 15:10 <tdaitx> * Trusty's OpenJDK 6 is in Universe but also being handled by the security team

 15:10 <tdaitx> - They release to both -security and -updates pockets

 15:10 <tdaitx> - Trying to understand if how much of an overburden this is (if any at all) for them

 15:10 <tdaitx> - If it is, then why do they care for Universe? Got a partial response, need further info

 15:10 <tdaitx> - Will tackle that on our next sprint

 15:10 <tdaitx> = JCK 8

 15:10 <tdaitx> * Build packages for JCK 8

 15:10 <tdaitx> - Being kept on a private repo

 15:10 <tdaitx> * Updated scripts to use the new JCK 8 packages

 15:10 <tdaitx> * Updated setup scripts to use LXD

 15:10 <tdaitx> * Refactoring scripts to break down dependencies and moving further to something that can used in a charm

 15:10 <tdaitx> = Other

 15:10 <tdaitx> * Handling new OpenJDK bugs (duplicates, requesting additional info from users, ...)

 15:10 <tdaitx> (done)

 15:10 <infinity> * Last week:

 15:10 <infinity> - Cloud sprint

 15:10 <infinity> - Emergency security kernel

 15:10 <infinity> * Two day week this week:

 15:10 <infinity> - SRU queue reviews

 15:10 <infinity> - SRUs for dpkg, apt, ubuntu-dev-tools, mplayer

 15:10 <infinity> - Merges

 15:10 <pitti> bdmurray: sorry, had to revert the "gdb from target release" thing, see bug

 15:10 <infinity> - Looking into LSB printing issues

 15:10 <infinity> - General AA cleanup work

 15:10 <infinity> - Test and release lts-xenial trusty d-i support

 15:10 <infinity> - Clean up ubuntu-core -> ubuntu-base rename

 15:11 <infinity> (done)

 15:11 <xnox> infinity, ubuntu-base is snapish or just-tarball?

 15:11 <pitti> basically a debootstrap tarball

 15:11 <xnox> ack

 15:11 <chiluk> - LP 1579917 - Collected information for Intel, opened bugs with Lenovo as well.

 15:11 <chiluk> - LP 1576747 - half-tabled.  Need to grab debug logs.

 15:11 <chiluk> - Day-job. This week was mostly issues related to ADS configuration.

 15:11 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1579917 in linux (Ubuntu) "Skylake processor never reaches low power states on X1 Carbon gen 4 with NVMe drive" [Medium,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1579917

 15:11 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1576747 in network-manager (Ubuntu) "Network manager unable to control wifi after suspend in 16.04" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1576747

 15:12 <infinity> xnox: It's the ubuntu-core rootfs tarball renamed to avoid confusion with people stealing my product name. :P

 15:12 <chiluk> - Merging ...

 15:12 <chiluk> - done

 15:12 <xnox> infinity, =)

 15:12 <pitti> autopkgtest:

 15:12 <pitti> - fix lxd bridge detection in LXD image build script, and generalize proxy detection support

 15:12 <pitti> - britney: make force-badtest hints apply to lower versions, and to running tests (#1579095)

 15:12 <pitti> distro fixes:

 15:12 <pitti> - apport: Fix gdb error handling during retracing (#1579949, #1579897), test/analyze #1517257, revert our initial solution as it's broken

 15:12 <pitti> - Investigate apport regression on amd64, libnih/gcc problem (#1580601)

 15:12 <pitti> - libxmlada: fix autopkgtest regression

 15:12 <pitti> - postgresql: prepare new upstream security/bug fix releases for all supported Ubuntu releases (#1581016)

 15:12 <pitti> - Review/merge https://code.launchpad.net/~ted/whoopsie/ftbfs-network-manager/+merge/294166

 15:12 <pitti> - systemd: make timesyncd respect DHCP-advertised NTP servers (#1578663), revert default #threads limit (#1578080)

 15:12 <pitti> - lots of SRU reviews (are infinity and me the only ones doing these now?), cleaned up old SRUs

 15:12 <pitti> yakkety planning:

 15:12 <pitti> - Discuss/research/draft convergence-y-replace-upstart blueprint, waiting for cypermox and slangasek to review/approve

 15:12 <bdmurray> pitti: I saw, thanks. I wonder if there isn't some other approach to doing the retracing.

 15:12 <pitti> - Discuss/research/draft convergence-y-replace-upstart blueprint; ongoing, systemd --user is designed differently and it is not yet clear how to apply that (https://lists.freedesktop.org/archives/systemd-devel/2016-May/036440.html)

 15:12 <pitti> (end)

 15:12 <robru> so no slangasek ?

 15:12 <robru> lp:bileto

 15:12 <robru> - prepped for TRIO landings (soon we'll have yakkety+xenial+vivid silos)

 15:12 <robru> lp:cupstream2distro

 15:12 <robru> - prepped for TRIO landings

 15:12 <robru> lp:canonical-mojo-specs

 15:12 <robru> - submitted branch to fix some paths that are changing

 15:12 <robru> parallelization work

 15:13 <robru> - bileto build job is nearly complete. just needs to finish unit tests and flesh out some corner cases

 15:13 <robru> (EOF)

 15:13 <cyphermox> - merges: d-i (partially done), cdrom-checker

 15:13 <cyphermox> - discussed grub vs. gfxboot on CDs for bug LP: #1530530 with Mirv

 15:13 <cyphermox> - grub2 zfs integration and SRU (bug LP: #1527727)

 15:13 <cyphermox> - moving secure boot dkms magic to shim and using triggers

 15:13 <cyphermox> - investigating how to have NM unmanage most devices except wwan and wlan

 15:13 <pitti> bdmurray: we could perhaps first try to run gdb.$release on the host, and fall back to gdb if that doesn't exist? (same for -multiarch)

 15:13 <infinity> pitti: re: are we the only ones doing them?  I suspect that's been true this week, but bdmurray and arges will no doubt wake up again.

 15:13 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1530530 in gfxboot-theme-ubuntu (Ubuntu) "Installer doesn't show up on some Chromebook" [Medium,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1530530

 15:13 <cyphermox> (done)

 15:13 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1527727 in grub2-signed (Ubuntu Xenial) "grub-probe for zfs assumes all devices prefix with /dev, ignoring /dev/disk/..." [Medium,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1527727

 15:13 <caribou> Bugfix :

 15:13 <caribou> - multipath coredump:

 15:13 <caribou> LP: #1532789 - uploaded for SRU

 15:13 <caribou> Lot of issues with multipath-tools on Trusty recently

 15:13 <caribou> - Apache 2.4.18(xenial) backport (LP: #1335068)

 15:13 <caribou> Request help from laney

 15:13 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1532789 in multipath-tools (Ubuntu Trusty) "Trusty multipath-tools suffering seg faults" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1532789

 15:13 <caribou> - qemu-img hang on Mutex

 15:13 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1335068 in trusty-backports "Please backport apache2 2.4.10-1ubuntu1 (main) from Utopic" [Undecided,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1335068

 15:13 <caribou> Identified kernel bug fixed in Xenial

 15:13 <arges> infinity: whats the issue?

 15:13 <caribou> Trusty has the fix in lts-xenial

 15:13 <infinity> pitti: I'm also going to get apw in the rotation once he's done a few with handholding.

 15:13 <caribou> Development work:

 15:13 <caribou> - makedumpfile development

 15:13 <caribou> Various contribution from HPE

 15:13 <caribou> further fix for s390 enablement

 15:13 <infinity> arges: SRU queues backing up a bit.

 15:13 <pitti> infinity: oh, nice

 15:14 <caribou> - Various sponsoring : bash-completion, packagekit

 15:14 <bdmurray> pitti: I didn't do my shift last week because of the sprint and the week before I was on holiday.

 15:14 <caribou> ☑ Done

 15:14 <sil2100> - Landing team work, silo coordination, preparing landing e-mails

 15:14 <sil2100> - RTM status meetings

 15:14 <sil2100> - General work on OTA-11

 15:14 <sil2100> - Xenial touch transition

 15:14 <sil2100> * Pushing no-change rebuilds after libhybris arm64 enablement

 15:14 <sil2100> * Preparing automated scripts for checking arm64 buildability in touch packages

 15:14 <arges> infinity: i did a bunch yesterday actually...there are just a lot

 15:14 <sil2100> * Various poking people regarding arm64 build failures

 15:14 <sil2100> - Touch translations

 15:14 <sil2100> * Looking into missing translations in exports for OTA-11, poking to get that fixed

 15:14 <sil2100> * Finishing up some automated scripts for langpack sanity-checking

 15:14 <sil2100> - Discussions on tarball release processes

 15:14 <infinity> arges: Ahh, good.  Then nevermind me calling you out. :)

 15:14 <sil2100> - Helping out in getting the jenkaas custom tarball jobs working (firewalls, setup)

 15:14 <sil2100> - system-image:

 15:14 <sil2100> * Figuring out the issue with broken OTAs after key rotation with Barry and fixing it

 15:14 <arges> np

 15:14 <sil2100> * Modifying the documentation

 15:14 <sil2100> * Removing stale unused devices in stable channels

 15:14 <sil2100> * Switching all custom tarball imports from s-jenkins to jenkaas

 15:14 <sil2100> - Properly setting up the DMB meeting on the fridge calendar

 15:14 <sil2100> - DMB meeting

 15:14 <sil2100> - Touch seed updates per various requests, adding new frameworks

 15:14 <sil2100> - Touch emulator

 15:15 <sil2100> * Preparing the emergency snapshot with OTA-10.1 packages and building emulator images

 15:15 <sil2100> * Promoting generic and generic_x86 to the stable channels

 15:15 <sil2100> (done)

 15:15 <infinity> arges: And yeah, post-lts-release, the queues tend to be worse than usual, as everyone remembers all the bugs they forgot to fix a week before release.

 15:15 <pitti> bdmurray, infinity, arges: I was asking because seb128 seemed interested in joining but didn't get a response last time

 15:15 <infinity> pitti: I'll take that discussion off a public channel. :)

 15:15 <pitti> sil2100: oh, what do you test in langpacks? anything applicable to the distro too?

 15:17 <sil2100> pitti: simple stuff, not sure if it'll be useful: checking image manifests and seeing if any langpacks are missing or added, checking versions, checking contents for .po files (listing if some are missing/added)

 15:17 <pitti> sil2100: the last one seems interesting indeed

 15:17 <sil2100> pitti: basically covering some of the common error cases in our touch POV

 15:17 <pitti> doko: ?

 15:17 <infinity> sil2100: Any kind of testing would be decent.  Our langpack SRU process is pretty awful these days.

 15:17 <infinity> sil2100: So, if you come up with any automation that's remotely handly, please hand it off to pitti and we can make the world a better place.

 15:18 <jose> also, fridge cal? just request in #ubuntu-news

 15:19 <sil2100> infinity: ok, sure, currently the scripts are very touch oriented as in they're looking at certain touch channel top-most images and checking their manifests as well, but certain tests can be made optional I suppose to make it more useful for others too

 15:19 <infinity> sil2100: Right, anything that's checking the actual package contents would be nice to have.

 15:19 <infinity> sil2100: Right now, I think pitti's method is to spot-check a few languages for sanity, make sure nothing was FTBFS, and assume it's all good to promote.

 15:20 <pitti> I usually do some kind of diff <(find old) <(find new) thing as a sanity check

 15:20 <infinity> (And, honestly, it's hard to come up with a "good" test that isn't "find 60 testers who speak 60 languages and ask them to install 400 packages")

 15:20 <pitti> and then download the -de pakcages and test them, but there's not much more

 15:20 <pitti> infinity: that's actually the test plan right now -- install an update, run through a (short) list of verification steps and mark it off on the wiki page

 15:21 <pitti> ok, no doko apparently, so

 15:21 <pitti> #topic AOB

 15:22 <infinity> I recommend we all lose/gain 20 pounds (as appropriate) before Athens, so we can be the sexiest nerds on the beach.

 15:22 * pitti goes off to do about 120.000 push-ups then

 15:22 <infinity> pitti: Yeah, in your case, you might want to gain 50. ;)

 15:23 <barry> ubuntu beach sprint party - awesome movie

 15:23 <infinity> barry: Well, you're not wrong.  It'll cause awe.

 15:23 <pitti> but which beach?

 15:23 <infinity> Perhaps not for the reasons we'd like. :)

 15:23 <barry> or palindromically: ew, a....

 15:24 <cyphermox> infinity: people will go blind from the glare of too much white skin

 15:25 <pitti> AFAIK the ocean is some 5 km away, so not just an easy walk from the hotel :/

 15:25 <infinity> pitti: I recommend whichever beach is most popular with middle-aged American tourists, so we have a fighting chance of finding someone who looks worse in a swimsuit.

 15:25 <pitti> cyphermox: or deaf from getting technobabbled all day?

 15:25 <pitti> ok, clearly..

 15:25 <pitti> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)