== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 22 Feb at 16:36 &mdash; 16:54 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2016/ubuntu-meeting.2016-02-22-16.36.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting 
=== Announcements ===
The discussion about "Announcements" started at 16:36.


=== Weekly stand-up report ===
The discussion about "Weekly stand-up report" started at 16:36.


=== Highlighted packages ===
The discussion about "Highlighted packages" started at 16:51.

  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/python-rsa.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/castor.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/xorg-server-lts-utopic.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/libapache-poi-java.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/fso-usaged.html 

=== Miscellaneous and Questions ===
The discussion about "Miscellaneous and Questions" started at 16:51.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * tyhicks (30)
 * sarnold (7)
 * sbeattie (6)
 * mdeslaur (4)
 * chrisccoulson (4)
 * jdstrand (4)
 * ubottu (3)
 * meetingology (3)



== Full Log ==


 16:36 <tyhicks> #startmeeting

 16:36 <meetingology> Meeting started Mon Feb 22 16:36:18 2016 UTC.  The chair is tyhicks. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:36 <meetingology> 

 16:36 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 16:36 <tyhicks> The meeting agenda can be found at:

 16:36 <tyhicks> [LINK] https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting

 16:36 <tyhicks> [TOPIC] Announcements

 16:36 <tyhicks> Gianfranco Costamagna (locutusofborg) provided debdiffs for precise-wily for virtualbox-guest-additions-iso and a debdiff for wily for virtualbox-ext-pack (LP: #1540243)

 16:36 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1540243 in virtualbox-guest-additions-iso (Ubuntu Xenial) "SRU virtualbox-ext-pack, virtualbox-guest-additions-iso to match virtualbox versions" [Low,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1540243

 16:36 <tyhicks> Vlad Orlov (monsta) provided debdiffs for precise-xenial for gtk+2.0 (LP: #1540811)

 16:36 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1540811 in gtk+2.0 (Debian) "[GDK] patch - avoid integer overflow when allocating a large block of memory" [Unknown,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1540811

 16:36 <tyhicks> Thank you for your assistance in keeping Ubuntu users secure! :)

 16:36 <tyhicks> [TOPIC] Weekly stand-up report

 16:36 <tyhicks> jdstrand: you're up

 16:37 <jdstrand> hey

 16:37 <jdstrand> last week I made come good progress on the review tools and squashfs. I'm hoping to finish that up that week, then move on to snappy skills

 16:37 <jdstrand> I also have an embargoed issue I need to get to

 16:38 <jdstrand> mdeslaur: you're up

 16:38 <mdeslaur> I'm testing a cpio update, after that I want to test the new ca-certificates and related package updates in the proposed ppa for releasing this week

 16:38 <mdeslaur> after that, I might start backporting the newer sudo to stable releases to finally fix the time issue

 16:38 <mdeslaur> that's it from me

 16:38 <mdeslaur> sbeattie: you're it

 16:39 <sbeattie> I'm on community this week

 16:39 <sbeattie> kernel updates are happening today, I think, and I have an embargoed issue

 16:40 <sbeattie> I need to finish my thoughts on the pie stuff

 16:40 <sbeattie> I also have some apparmor tasks to osrt out.

 16:40 <sbeattie> That's probably it for my week

 16:40 <sbeattie> tyhicks: you're up

 16:42 <tyhicks> I'm on bug triage this week

 16:42 <tyhicks> my focus will be on finishing the AppArmor stacking changes needed for the parser

 16:42 <tyhicks> I'll also fix the eCryptfs parallel copy file corruption bug (LP: #1543633)

 16:42 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1543633 in eCryptfs "Data corruption during parallel file copying with interruptions" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1543633

 16:42 <tyhicks> that's it for me

 16:42 <tyhicks> jjohansen: you're up

 16:43 <tyhicks> oh, I don't think he's around yet

 16:43 <tyhicks> sarnold: go ahead

 16:44 <sarnold> I'm on cve triage this week

 16:45 <sarnold> I'm working on the zfs MIR, will probably finish that today if the cve triage isn't too deep

 16:45 <sarnold> I think the next MIR up is fwupd, not sure what's after that but I seem to recall a pretty deep queue

 16:46 <sarnold> oh yeah, someone wnated me to skim the new fwupdate code, that ought to be quick

 16:46 <sarnold> I'll try to get to an apparmor patch or two along the way

 16:46 <sarnold> that's it for me, chrisccoulson?

 16:46 <chrisccoulson> I've got Oxide and Thunderbird updates to get out this week

 16:48 <chrisccoulson> I'll also be spending some time working through convergence-related tasks. I put together a list of bugs last week (https://blueprints.launchpad.net/oxide/+spec/converged-device-support)

 16:48 <chrisccoulson> Other than that, I've got some embargoed stuff

 16:49 <chrisccoulson> That's me done

 16:50 <tyhicks> thanks!

 16:51 <tyhicks> [TOPIC] Highlighted packages

 16:51 <tyhicks> The Ubuntu Security team will highlight some community-supported packages that might be good candidates for updating and or triaging. If you would like to help Ubuntu and not sure where to start, this is a great way to do so.

 16:51 <tyhicks> See https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/UpdateProcedures for details and if you have any questions, feel free to ask in #ubuntu-security. To find out other ways of helping out, please see https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/GettingInvolved.

 16:51 <tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/python-rsa.html

 16:51 <tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/castor.html

 16:51 <tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/xorg-server-lts-utopic.html

 16:51 <tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/libapache-poi-java.html

 16:51 <tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/fso-usaged.html

 16:51 <tyhicks> [TOPIC] Miscellaneous and Questions

 16:51 <tyhicks> Does anyone have any other questions or items to discuss?

 16:52 <sarnold> "Pure Python RSA implementation" .. yikes

 16:54 <tyhicks> :)

 16:54 <tyhicks> jdstrand, mdeslaur, sbeattie, jjohansen, sarnold, ChrisCoulson: Thanks!

 16:54 <tyhicks> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)