== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting: DMB meeting 2016-06-06, 06 Jun at 15:08 &mdash; 15:25 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2016/ubuntu-meeting.2016-06-06-15.08.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Review of previous action items ===
The discussion about "Review of previous action items" started at 15:08.

  * ''ACTION:'' everyone to give feedback on devel-permissions to rbasak's question

=== Selection of next meeting chair ===
The discussion about "Selection of next meeting chair" started at 15:13.


=== AOB? ===
The discussion about "AOB?" started at 15:14.

  * ''LINK:'' https://framadate.org/ 
  * ''ACTION:'' micahg to set up a poll to get better meeting times for everyone



== Vote results ==




== Action items, by person ==

 * micahg
  * micahg to set up a poll to get better meeting times for everyone
 * rbasak
  * everyone to give feedback on devel-permissions to rbasak's question



== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * cyphermox (26)
 * micahg (17)
 * BenC (6)
 * rbasak (6)
 * bdmurray (5)
 * meetingology (5)
 * sil2100 (3)



== Full Log ==


 15:08 <cyphermox> #startmeeting DMB meeting 2016-06-06

 15:08 <meetingology> Meeting started Mon Jun  6 15:08:17 2016 UTC.  The chair is cyphermox. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 15:08 <meetingology> 

 15:08 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 15:08 <bdmurray> mine is done

 15:08 <cyphermox> #topic Review of previous action items

 15:08 <cyphermox> alright, so my action item is a carry-over; I'll sort it today

 15:09 <rbasak> I'd like some feedback on my question to devel-permissions please. My action is blocked on that.

 15:09 <cyphermox> bdmurray's is done (check other PPU devs)

 15:09 <cyphermox> rbasak: ack

 15:09 <cyphermox> sil2100: what about your action item (check state of utouch uploaders and other teams that might be non-existant) ?

 15:10 <cyphermox> [ACTION] everyone to give feedback on devel-permissions to rbasak's question

 15:10 * meetingology everyone to give feedback on devel-permissions to rbasak's question

 15:11 <rbasak> Or alternatively, if nobody provides feedback, I will JFDI.

 15:11 <rbasak> (though that means asking infinity since it needs a TB member)

 15:11 <rbasak> Any objections?

 15:12 <cyphermox> well, I'll answer right after the meeting :)

 15:12 * bdmurray is reading

 15:12 <sil2100> cyphermox: oh, yeah, not done yet, will do it ASAP today once I have a working system again or tomorrow at latest

 15:12 <sil2100> Sorry...

 15:13 <cyphermox> ok, not a problem

 15:13 <cyphermox> that's it for the action items review I guess?

 15:13 <cyphermox> #topic Selection of next meeting chair

 15:14 <cyphermox> we usually just go through the alphabetical list, but considering this very short meeting, I can do it again

 15:14 <bdmurray> +1

 15:14 <micahg> I was wondering if we can do a poll for meeting times

 15:14 <cyphermox> alrighty then ;)

 15:14 <cyphermox> micahg: in aob?

 15:14 <micahg> ah

 15:14 <cyphermox> #topic AOB?

 15:14 <micahg> iok

 15:14 <micahg> I was wondering if we can do a poll for meeting times

 15:15 <cyphermox> how do you want to proceed for that, do you have meeting times suggested?

 15:15 <micahg> doodle poll I think

 15:15 <bdmurray> are you unhappy with both times or just one of them?

 15:15 <micahg> well, I have meetings during both at the moment

 15:16 <micahg> but if these are the best times, that's fine

 15:16 <micahg> I don't think we've done a time poll in about 3 years though

 15:16 <rbasak> I have no objection to doing a poll. Presumably we need to also consider potential availability of applicants though?

 15:17 <micahg> yeah, so one earlier in the UTC day and one later

 15:17 <cyphermox> wfm

 15:17 <BenC> I’m good with the current times, but if they change, it’s better for me if they were 6 hours later (anything between now and 6 hours from now is booked up for me)

 15:17 <cyphermox> micahg: want to setup a doodle or framadate poll?

 15:17 <BenC> Any earleir, and it conflicts with my sleep :)

 15:17 <BenC> But I realize later may not work for everyone.

 15:18 <sil2100> BenC: 6 hours from now is like almost-midnight here ;)

 15:18 <BenC> micahg: Are you looking for a different day, same times, or a different times same day?

 15:18 <micahg> yeah, I can set up a doodle poll

 15:18 <micahg> any of the above

 15:18 <cyphermox> well, we'll definitely need to do polling, everyone will have different preferences

 15:18 <micahg> well

 15:18 <rbasak> Applicants individually shouldn't need to conflict with their sleep too often, but the DMB would have to do it all the time. So I think it's OK to aim to not interfere with DMB members' sleep :)

 15:18 <micahg> same time doesn't work most days (15:00 UTC during DST in America)

 15:18 <BenC> These times work for me on Thursday, if that’s an option for anyone

 15:19 <BenC> rbasak: I agree with that logic

 15:19 <cyphermox> micahg: if you do a poll, I suggest using a FOSS tool for the polling ;)

 15:20 <micahg> wasn't aware we had one

 15:20 <cyphermox> https://framadate.org/

 15:20 <micahg> sure, that works

 15:21 <cyphermox> alright, so let's make this an action?

 15:21 <micahg> sure

 15:21 <cyphermox> [ACTION] micahg to set up a poll to get better meeting times for everyone

 15:21 * meetingology micahg to set up a poll to get better meeting times for everyone

 15:21 <cyphermox> anything else?

 15:23 <bdmurray> nope

 15:24 <micahg> I"m good

 15:25 <cyphermox> that's all folks!

 15:25 <cyphermox> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)