== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 25 Jan at 16:35 &mdash; 16:59 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2016/ubuntu-meeting.2016-01-25-16.35.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting 
=== Announcements ===
The discussion about "Announcements" started at 16:35.


=== Weekly stand-up report ===
The discussion about "Weekly stand-up report" started at 16:36.


=== Highlighted packages ===
The discussion about "Highlighted packages" started at 16:53.

  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/tntnet.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/grml-debootstrap.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/autojump.html 

=== Miscellaneous and Questions ===
The discussion about "Miscellaneous and Questions" started at 16:53.

  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/localepurge.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/bozohttpd.html 



== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * tyhicks (43)
 * jdstrand (9)
 * mdeslaur (8)
 * jjohansen (6)
 * sarnold (5)
 * doko (4)
 * chrisccoulson (3)
 * ubottu (3)
 * meetingology (3)



== Full Log ==


 16:35 <tyhicks> #startmeeting

 16:35 <meetingology> Meeting started Mon Jan 25 16:35:25 2016 UTC.  The chair is tyhicks. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:35 <meetingology> 

 16:35 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 16:35 <tyhicks> The meeting agenda can be found at:

 16:35 <tyhicks> [LINK] https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting

 16:35 <tyhicks> [TOPIC] Announcements

 16:35 <tyhicks> Felix Geyer (debfx) provided debdiffs for trusty, wily for prosody (LP: #1532943)

 16:35 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1532943 in prosody (Ubuntu) "CVE-2016-1231 and CVE-2016-1232" [Medium,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1532943

 16:35 <tyhicks> Andreas Cadhalpun (andreas-cadhalpun) provided debdiffs for vivid and wily for ffmpeg (LP: #1533367)

 16:35 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1533367 in ffmpeg (Ubuntu Xenial) "ffmpeg allows Server-Side Request Forgery attack" [Medium,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1533367

 16:35 <tyhicks> Thank you for your assistance in keeping Ubuntu users secure! :)

 16:36 <tyhicks> [TOPIC] Weekly stand-up report

 16:36 <tyhicks> jdstrand: you're up

 16:39 <tyhicks> mdeslaur: do you want to go ahead and we'll circle back to him?

 16:39 <mdeslaur> sure

 16:39 <mdeslaur> I'm in the happy place this week

 16:39 * mdeslaur does the happy place dance

 16:39 <mdeslaur> I'm working on mysql updates at the moment

 16:39 <tyhicks> lucky you :)

 16:39 <sarnold> choreographed and everything, impressive :)

 16:39 <mdeslaur> and I have a couple of embargoed things to look at

 16:39 <mdeslaur> and after that, I have to figure out the zillion autopkgtest regressions from my friday merges

 16:39 <tyhicks> bleh

 16:39 <mdeslaur> so that'll keep me busy for a couple of weeks

 16:40 <mdeslaur> that's it from me, sbeattie

 16:41 <tyhicks> I don't think he's in yet

 16:41 <tyhicks> I'll go ahead

 16:41 <tyhicks> I'm on bug triage this week

 16:42 <tyhicks> outside of those duties, I'm going to force myself to ignore everything new except for helping out jjohansen with AppArmor stacking

 16:42 <tyhicks> that'll include restarting the stacking interface discussion

 16:42 <tyhicks> and possibly the namespace creation interfaces

 16:44 <tyhicks> that's all I'm going to put on my plate this week

 16:44 <tyhicks> jjohansen: are you around yet?

 16:44 * jjohansen waits for the emergency to drop

 16:44 <jjohansen> yep

 16:44 <jjohansen> I am working on apparmor stacking this week, lots of debugging and messing with namespacing issues

 16:44 <jjohansen> that is all I am planning on

 16:44 <jjohansen> sarnold: you here?

 16:45 <jjohansen> doesn't seem so, tyhicks back to you

 16:45 <tyhicks> he's here

 16:45 <sarnold> I'm on cve triage this week

 16:45 <sarnold> I've got a few pennies to throw into the apparmor stacking discussion, maybe a monkey wrench or two too (MONKEYS!)

 16:46 <sarnold> whatevers' left will go towards MIRs, I ought to finish up DPDK early this week

 16:46 <sarnold> that's it for me, chrisccoulson?

 16:46 <tyhicks> good to hear

 16:46 <tyhicks> (re DPDK)

 16:46 <tyhicks> go ahead, chrisccoulson

 16:46 <jdstrand> sorry, I missed the ping

 16:46 <jdstrand> I'll go after chrisccoulson

 16:46 <chrisccoulson> I've got a Firefox release this week. I'm also currently testing Chromium and need to get Oxide 1.12 out

 16:47 <chrisccoulson> Other than that, I'll be working on some reviews and taking a look at bug 1459830

 16:47 <ubottu> bug 1459830 in Oxide "Support drag and drop" [Medium,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1459830

 16:48 <chrisccoulson> I think that's me done

 16:48 <jdstrand> I'll go now

 16:49 <jdstrand> since 15.04 is eol soon, I did a bit of work to track ppa overlay packages and updated processes for that

 16:49 <jdstrand> since touch will remain on 15.04 for a while and core until 16.04 is released

 16:50 <jdstrand> it is coming along well. I need to deal with any fallout from that, and also make sure that those overlay ppas are up to date. I think they are, but will verify

 16:50 <jdstrand> I have a couple of embargoed issues I am working on

 16:51 <jdstrand> and then will attend to snappy work items-- notably, squashfs in the review tools

 16:51 <jdstrand> that's it from me

 16:53 <tyhicks> ok

 16:53 <tyhicks> I'll catch up with sbeattie later

 16:53 <tyhicks> [TOPIC] Highlighted packages

 16:53 <tyhicks> The Ubuntu Security team will highlight some community-supported packages that might be good candidates for updating and or triaging. If you would like to help Ubuntu and not sure where to start, this is a great way to do so.

 16:53 <tyhicks> See https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/UpdateProcedures for details and if you have any questions, feel free to ask in #ubuntu-security. To find out other ways of helping out, please see https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/GettingInvolved.

 16:53 <tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/tntnet.html

 16:53 <tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/grml-debootstrap.html

 16:53 <tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/autojump.html

 16:53 <tyhicks> [TOPIC] Miscellaneous and Questions

 16:53 <tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/localepurge.html

 16:53 <tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/bozohttpd.html

 16:53 <tyhicks> Does anyone have any other questions or items to discuss?

 16:55 <doko> PIC!

 16:55 <doko> is the test rebuild now reviewed, and when will it be enabled?

 16:55 <doko> or is it delayed until after the LTS?

 16:56 <tyhicks> doko: unfortunately, sbeattie isn't here

 16:56 <tyhicks> doko: he's been chipping away at it but I don't know exactly where he's at

 16:56 <tyhicks> doko: hopefully it isn't delayed until after the LTS

 16:57 <tyhicks> doko: I'll follow up with you in an hour or so

 16:57 <doko> sure, but then we should start using it, announcing it to the community. at least we'll have additional ftfbs

 16:58 <tyhicks> agreed

 16:59 <tyhicks> jdstrand, mdeslaur, sbeattie, jjohansen, sarnold, ChrisCoulson: Thanks!

 16:59 <tyhicks> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)