== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 18 Feb at 17:00 &mdash; 17:40 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2016/ubuntu-meeting.2016-02-18-17.00.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

''ACTION:'' belkinsa Talk about using a reminder service (e-mail) for check-up reminders



== Vote results ==




== Action items, by person ==

 * belkinsa
  * belkinsa Talk about using a reminder service (e-mail) for check-up reminders



== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * dholbach (49)
 * mdeslaur (19)
 * hggdh (19)
 * belkinsa (17)
 * mhall119 (13)
 * czajkowski (6)
 * svij (5)
 * sgclark (5)
 * meetingology (5)
 * Na3iL (3)
 * stgraber (1)
 * marcoceppi (1)
 * genii (1)



== Full Log ==


 17:00 <dholbach> #startmeeting

 17:00 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Feb 18 17:00:07 2016 UTC.  The chair is dholbach. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 17:00 <meetingology> 

 17:00 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 17:00 <dholbach> #chair belkinsa czajkowski hggdh marcoceppi mhall119 sgclark

 17:00 <meetingology> Current chairs: belkinsa czajkowski dholbach hggdh marcoceppi mhall119 sgclark

 17:00 <hggdh> o/

 17:00 <belkinsa> o/

 17:00 <marcoceppi> \o

 17:00 <sgclark> *wave*

 17:00 <dholbach> how are you all doing? :-)

 17:01 * belkinsa is fine

 17:01 <czajkowski> aloha

 17:01 <dholbach> looks like we're meeting up with the TB and the LoCo Council today :)

 17:01 * hggdh is alive and kicking

 17:01 <belkinsa> Thank yo for asking.

 17:01 <dholbach> do we have any folks of either of the two here? :)

 17:03 <dholbach> ok... can anyone do a mass-ping? :-)

 17:03 <belkinsa> dholbach, do they have channels?

 17:04 <dholbach> they should be in here...

 17:04 <belkinsa> dholbach, the TB, not the LoCo.

 17:04 <dholbach> might not be the best time with feature freeze around the corner though

 17:05 <hggdh> kees, mdeslaur: available?

 17:05 <hggdh> there is that

 17:05 <dholbach> slangasek, stgraber too

 17:05 <hggdh> and pitti

 17:05 <belkinsa> The LC has been notified.

 17:05 <dholbach> we wouldn't keep you too long, we're just interested in catching up and what the current state of things in TB land is :)

 17:06 <stgraber> in another meeting right now, not available

 17:07 <czajkowski> we may need to work this format out a bit better with reminders going out

 17:08 <czajkowski> or maybe revamping the check in proecess

 17:08 <hggdh> indeed

 17:08 <dholbach> the TB folks might have an excuse today with feature freeze coming up later on, but there was at least no communication about this

 17:08 * belkinsa nods

 17:08 <czajkowski> perhaps like the loco team review, we ask for  a wiki page to be created as I know it;s hard for all to attend

 17:08 <sgclark> #agree

 17:08 <mdeslaur> hi, what's up

 17:09 * belkinsa adds it to the Trello board.

 17:09 <hggdh> mdeslaur: we are trying to catch up with the TB

 17:09 <mdeslaur> what TB? ;)

 17:09 <dholbach> and check in and see how things are going

 17:09 <hggdh> heh

 17:09 <dholbach> the TB-with-extended-lifetime :-)

 17:09 <hggdh> ignorance is no ecuse

 17:09 <hggdh> :-)

 17:10 <mdeslaur> we're awaiting the list of candidates to hold an election

 17:10 <dholbach> mdeslaur, do you know if anyone pinged clan about this?

 17:10 <mdeslaur> I'm not aware, sorry

 17:10 * genii makes a fresh pot of coffee

 17:10 <dholbach> that might be the way to go

 17:11 <belkinsa> dholbach, has Mark looked over the list?

 17:11 <dholbach> belkinsa, I'm not on the TB, so I don't know - I haven't been involved in the discussions

 17:11 <dholbach> how have things been going for the TB in the last cycle?

 17:12 <belkinsa> Oh, i see.

 17:12 <mhall119> hey guys, sorry I'm late

 17:12 <mdeslaur> things have been going good, pretty quiet

 17:12 <mdeslaur> nothing big has come up

 17:13 <dholbach> no will-snappy-replace-standard-ubuntu discussions? :-)

 17:13 <mdeslaur> haha, no

 17:14 <mdeslaur> we've relaxed the SRU policy, that's about it

 17:14 <dholbach> I'm not on the TB mailing list and haven't attended any meetings lately... were there any controversial topics or was it mostly just boring things like approving standing sru microrelease exceptions?

 17:15 <mdeslaur> dholbach: nothing controversial, nothing worthy of debate

 17:15 <mdeslaur> things are pretty quiet

 17:15 <czajkowski> mdeslaur: did you get many nominations for the TB?

 17:16 <dholbach> it very much sounds like smooth sailing... and maybe how things should be for an upcoming LTS release :-)

 17:16 <mdeslaur> czajkowski: I don't know, they go directly to Mark, and we haven't heard back yet

 17:17 <czajkowski> ok we can chase up there

 17:17 <dholbach> I'd recommend to mail clan

 17:17 <dholbach> if it proves to be too hard we can still extend the team membership by a week or two

 17:17 <mdeslaur> ok

 17:18 <dholbach> maybe we should at some stage look into a service which sends reminders well in advance :)

 17:18 <mdeslaur> hehe, yeah

 17:18 <dholbach> it's not the first time elections take a bit longer to get organised :)

 17:18 <mdeslaur> the date is quite unfortunate for the TB, as it's immediately after the holidays

 17:18 <hggdh> see IRCC for another recent one

 17:19 <dholbach> mdeslaur, by delaying the election you're fixing that for the new TB right now ;-)

 17:19 <mdeslaur> good :)

 17:19 <dholbach> maybe we should take a look at https://lists.launchpad.net/ubuntu-council-teams/msg00045.html later on to figure out which other teams need to be pinged

 17:19 <mdeslaur> then there will be no excuse next time :)

 17:20 <dholbach> it sounds like everything is going all right right now... is there anything you feel the TB and CC should discuss together at some stage?

 17:21 <svij> hello! I'm late to the meetingâ€¦

 17:21 <mdeslaur> I can't think of anything off-hand, but we won't hesitate if something comes up

 17:21 <dholbach> ok, cool

 17:22 <dholbach> I don't have any more questions... anyone else?

 17:22 <belkinsa> I'm good.

 17:22 <mhall119> not from me

 17:22 <hggdh> I am good

 17:22 <mdeslaur> great, thanks everyone!

 17:22 <dholbach> thanks a lot mdeslaur for giving us an update! :-)

 17:22 <mdeslaur> I wish I had more to update on :P

 17:22 <belkinsa> Not a problem, mdeslaur, and thank you for coming.

 17:23 <sgclark> Thank you

 17:23 <dholbach> I spotted svij already... do we have anyone else from the LoCo Council?

 17:23 <svij> I don't know, just came home and directly to the pc

 17:24 <svij> (I didn't even know that there's a meeting today)

 17:24 <hggdh> wxl: there?

 17:25 <belkinsa> svij, we are sorry for forgetting for sending out the reminder e-mail.

 17:25 <dholbach> I though mhall119 had sent out an invitation...?

 17:26 <mhall119> I did, but we were also going to send reminders

 17:26 <mhall119> before each team's meeting

 17:27 <dholbach> we should have a service for sending out these emails ;-)

 17:27 * belkinsa nods and thanks mhall119 for adding that

 17:28 <dholbach> ok... do we have other LoCo Council members here?

 17:28 <belkinsa> Yes, and I will bring that up on our mailing-list

 17:28 <mhall119> dholbach: I was also going to look into creating a shared Google calendar so people can subscribe to invites

 17:28 <mhall119> but...I haven't yet

 17:28 <belkinsa> #action belkinsa Talk about using a reminder service (e-mail) for check-up reminders

 17:28 * meetingology belkinsa Talk about using a reminder service (e-mail) for check-up reminders

 17:29 <mhall119> dholbach: I pinged wxl and nhaines in #ubuntu-loco-teams but haven't heard from them

 17:29 <dholbach> thanks mhall119

 17:30 <dholbach> svij, how are things in the LoCo Council? I think you just joined the team... right?

 17:30 <mhall119> just to check, is the LC fully staffed now?

 17:31 <dholbach> LP shows 6 members

 17:31 <mhall119> which is the new size, IIRC, down from 7 we had for a while

 17:31 <svij> I just joind the team and I didn't have time to get read everything which I should know

 17:31 <svij> so I can't say much sadly

 17:32 <dholbach> no worries, that' fair enough

 17:32 <dholbach> mhall119, I feel we probably shouldn't do another restaffing cycle unless there are big problems right now

 17:33 <mhall119> dholbach: I agree, I just couldn't remember if there was currently an open seat or not

 17:33 * dholbach nods

 17:33 <mhall119> IIRC, we all agreed to shrink the size of the LC down to 6, so that makes it fully staffed

 17:34 <dholbach> ok... I feel we should maybe wait another 2-3 minutes and if nobody turns up, wrap it

 17:35 <hggdh> meanwhile, just so it is public (already in Trello): the IRCC is setting up to run a Condorcet election for 3 seats

 17:35 <dholbach> cool - thanks a lot

 17:36 <hggdh> candidates are Unit193, tm-T, rww, na3il, and myself. Flannel will run the Condorcet voting.

 17:36 <dholbach> excellent

 17:36 <mhall119> thanks hggdh

 17:37 <dholbach> all right... does anyone have any other business? anything else you'd like us to talk about?

 17:37 <hggdh> I am OK

 17:37 <mhall119> I'm happy

 17:37 <belkinsa> I'm cool.

 17:37 <Na3iL> o/ all

 17:38 <hggdh> Na3iL: cheers

 17:38 <sgclark> Good here

 17:38 <Na3iL> Hey hggdh

 17:39 <hggdh> Na3iL: just so you know, ircc election should happen soon(-ish)

 17:39 <Na3iL> Ah, that's cool :D

 17:39 <dholbach> all right... let's wrap it up

 17:39 <dholbach> thanks a lot everyone!

 17:39 <hggdh> dholbach: thank you for hosting

 17:39 <dholbach> can somebody update the team report wiki with the links to the log?

 17:40 <sgclark> sure

 17:40 <dholbach> awesome thanks!

 17:40 <dholbach> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)