== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 21 Mar at 16:36 &mdash; 16:56 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2016/ubuntu-meeting.2016-03-21-16.36.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting 
=== Weekly stand-up report ===
The discussion about "Weekly stand-up report" started at 16:36.


=== Highlighted packages ===
The discussion about "Highlighted packages" started at 16:54.

  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/gamera.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/python-soappy.html 

=== Miscellaneous and Questions ===
The discussion about "Miscellaneous and Questions" started at 16:55.

  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/python-rsa.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/libguac.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/wesnoth-1.10.html 



== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * tyhicks (34)
 * jdstrand (15)
 * mdeslaur (7)
 * sarnold (4)
 * chrisccoulson (4)
 * meetingology (3)



== Full Log ==


 16:36 <tyhicks> #startmeeting

 16:36 <meetingology> Meeting started Mon Mar 21 16:36:33 2016 UTC.  The chair is tyhicks. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:36 <meetingology> 

 16:36 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 16:36 <tyhicks> The meeting agenda can be found at:

 16:36 <tyhicks> [LINK] https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting

 16:36 <tyhicks> [TOPIC] Weekly stand-up report

 16:36 <tyhicks> jdstrand: you're up

 16:36 <jdstrand> hello

 16:37 <jdstrand> so I'll start by saying that I am using the stacking patches and did quite a few apparmor-y things and it is solid

 16:37 <jdstrand> \o/

 16:37 <jdstrand> (for the kernel)

 16:37 <tyhicks> woo :)

 16:37 <tyhicks> it has been solid for me, as well

 16:38 <jdstrand> today I'm working on getting the ubuntu-core-security policy and ubuntu-core-launcher adjusted for changes as a result of this kernel

 16:38 * mdeslaur sheds a tear that stacking has arrived

 16:38 <jdstrand> the first is uploaded to xenial. the second I have a patch for but would like to review, test it, etc a bit more before asking for an MP

 16:39 <jdstrand> when I do, I'll want either tyhicks or sarnold to review that branch

 16:39 <jdstrand> I'll be working on landing that today

 16:39 <tyhicks> since it is needed today, it is feeling like a sarnold review to me

 16:40 <jdstrand> for the rest of the week I'd like to land a change in the snappy launcher for devpts newinstance. I have a patch for that and will request an MP soon

 16:40 <jdstrand> tyhicks: note, I already told mvo to ping me if he is planning a kernel snap update

 16:40 <jdstrand> that doesn't help desktop users though who are trying out snappy

 16:41 <jdstrand> anyhoo, trying to get that landed

 16:41 <jdstrand> after that, going to look at seccomp arg filtering in the launcher

 16:41 <jdstrand> I also have a couple of embargoed issues

 16:41 <jdstrand> mdeslaur: you're up

 16:41 <mdeslaur> I'm testing webkitgtk updates, which I'll probably publish this afternoon

 16:42 <mdeslaur> I have some thing to look at in our uvt script regarding some apt changes

 16:42 <mdeslaur> and after that, I'll be going down the list as usual

 16:42 <mdeslaur> that's about it

 16:42 <mdeslaur> who's next?

 16:42 <tyhicks> me

 16:42 <tyhicks> I'm on bug triage this week

 16:43 <tyhicks> I'll be pushing out git updates shortly

 16:43 <tyhicks> I have some cve triage duties to finish up from last week

 16:44 <tyhicks> I'll be preparing an apparmor userspace upload based on the apparmor 2.11 beta 1 release that was cut last week

 16:44 <tyhicks> the ecryptfs kernel maintenance work has been piling up on me while working on stacking so I need to spend a couple days on it later this week

 16:44 <tyhicks> that's it for me

 16:44 <tyhicks> sarnold: you're up

 16:46 <sarnold> i'm on cve triage this week though thankfully spared from it for today to review ubuntu-core-launcher, then hopefully a return to the fwupd tool.. I haven't yet found any chain-of-trust that's equivalen to apt's security, and I feel like that's a blocking issue for the tool

 16:47 <sarnold> it's a short week for me, I'm off friday

 16:47 <sarnold> that's it, chrisccoulson ?

 16:47 <chrisccoulson> I've got thunderbird, firefox and chromium updates to do (will hopefully get those out today)

 16:48 <chrisccoulson> Other than that, I plan to do some work improving unit testing in Oxide this week

 16:49 <chrisccoulson> I think it's a short week for me as well this week

 16:49 <chrisccoulson> That's me done

 16:52 <tyhicks> thanks

 16:53 <tyhicks> (I fell behind on note taking)

 16:53 <tyhicks> mdeslaur, sarnold: lets all three pitch in to help cover the community role this week

 16:53 <tyhicks> I don't think we need to put a specific person on the hook

 16:53 <mdeslaur> I'll take community, I don't mind

 16:54 <tyhicks> mdeslaur: ok, hollar if you need help

 16:54 <tyhicks> holler*

 16:54 <sarnold> sounds good

 16:54 <tyhicks> [TOPIC] Highlighted packages

 16:54 <tyhicks> The Ubuntu Security team will highlight some community-supported packages that might be good candidates for updating and or triaging. If you would like to help Ubuntu and not sure where to start, this is a great way to do so.

 16:54 <tyhicks> See https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/UpdateProcedures for details and if you have any questions, feel free to ask in #ubuntu-security. To find out other ways of helping out, please see https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/GettingInvolved.

 16:54 <tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/gamera.html

 16:55 <tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/python-soappy.html

 16:55 <tyhicks> [TOPIC] Miscellaneous and Questions

 16:55 <tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/python-rsa.html

 16:55 <tyhicks> Does anyone have any other questions or items to discuss?

 16:55 <tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/libguac.html

 16:55 <tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/wesnoth-1.10.html

 16:56 <tyhicks> jdstrand, mdeslaur, sarnold, ChrisCoulson: Thanks!

 16:56 <tyhicks> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)