== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 01 Aug at 16:40 &mdash; 17:04 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2016/ubuntu-meeting.2016-08-01-16.40.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting 
=== Weekly stand-up report ===
The discussion about "Weekly stand-up report" started at 16:40.


=== Highlighted packages ===
The discussion about "Highlighted packages" started at 17:02.


=== Miscellaneous and Questions ===
The discussion about "Miscellaneous and Questions" started at 17:02.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * tyhicks (27)
 * sbeattie (9)
 * mdeslaur (5)
 * chrisccoulson (4)
 * jjohansen (4)
 * sarnold (3)
 * ratliff (3)
 * meetingology (3)
 * jdstrand (3)
 * ubottu (2)



== Full Log ==


 16:40 <tyhicks> #startmeeting

 16:40 <meetingology> Meeting started Mon Aug  1 16:40:06 2016 UTC.  The chair is tyhicks. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:40 <meetingology> 

 16:40 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 16:40 <tyhicks> The meeting agenda can be found at:

 16:40 <tyhicks> [LINK] https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting

 16:40 <tyhicks> [TOPIC] Weekly stand-up report

 16:40 <tyhicks> jdstrand: you're up

 16:40 <mdeslaur> \o

 16:43 <tyhicks> mdeslaur: go ahead (we're circle back to Jamie)

 16:43 <tyhicks> s/we're/we'll/

 16:43 <mdeslaur> I'm on bug triage this week

 16:44 <jdstrand> sorry, I'm here

 16:44 <mdeslaur> I'm still working on php5 updates, I'll probably publish them this week

 16:44 <mdeslaur> after that, I'll be tackling the zillion qemu CVEs

 16:44 <mdeslaur> that's about it for me, sbeattie?

 16:44 <sbeattie> I'm on cve triage this week

 16:45 <sbeattie> I'll have openjdk-7 packages from tiago to test, though it looks like they're currently causing gcc-4.8 on trusty to segfault on arm64, so I need to discuss that with him.

 16:46 <sbeattie> I have an embargoed issue I'm working on in the background

 16:47 <sbeattie> I'm still sifting through the rebuild logs

 16:47 <sbeattie> Oh, I have a short week, with friday off

 16:47 <sbeattie> (I'll also be off the first half of next week)

 16:47 <sbeattie> I'm also working in the background to convert qrt to git

 16:48 <sbeattie> That's probably it for me, tyhicks?

 16:48 <tyhicks> sbeattie: I think we've hit that gcc segfault a few times now - it needs to be fixed

 16:48 <tyhicks> sbeattie: I'll try to gather up some of the older failures to see if they're the same as what you're hitting

 16:48 <sbeattie> tyhicks: okay

 16:49 <tyhicks> jdstrand: go ahead if you're ready

 16:49 <jdstrand> I'm focused on snappy again this week. I will be looking to fixing bug #1590679 (dbus-bind PR), interfaces in support of the bcc snap, interfaces for browsers and various snappy interface PR reviews

 16:49 <ubottu> bug 1590679 in Snappy "Apps can't own session bus names (unity7 interface)" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1590679

 16:49 <jdstrand> tyhicks: you're up

 16:50 <tyhicks> I'm in the happy place this week

 16:51 <tyhicks> I need to fix up my AppArmor SRU to adjust for a verification failure of a Python utils fix

 16:51 <tyhicks> I'll be working on seccomp complain mode

 16:51 <sarnold> :(

 16:51 <tyhicks> I'll be working on some snap review tools fixes

 16:51 <tyhicks> I have an embargoed issue

 16:52 <tyhicks> that's it for me

 16:52 <tyhicks> jjohansen: you're up

 16:53 <jjohansen> I'm trying to wrap up with the apparmor stacking work. Specifically I am still working on the issue of disconnected paths in a stack

 16:54 <jjohansen> I plan to focus on that and get it done, after that I will pickup the work to upstream this beast

 16:55 <jjohansen> thats it for me sarnold you're up

 16:55 <tyhicks> jjohansen: AFAIK, the next thing up should be gsettings mediation

 16:56 <jjohansen> tyhicks: oh right, ack I can do that next

 16:56 <tyhicks> jjohansen: I don't think that's changed but lets sync w/ ratliff after the meeting

 16:56 <tyhicks> go ahead sarnold

 16:57 <sarnold> I'm on community this week; there may be a few tiny loose ends with barbican left but it won't be much more, the next MIR up is designate, then python-ws4py

 16:57 <sarnold> that should be it for me, chrisccoulson?

 16:58 <chrisccoulson> I've got Firefox 48 this week. I also need to publish oxide from last week

 16:58 <chrisccoulson> I'm currently debugging a startup crash in the browser on the device with the latest oxide (seems to be a recent change in chromium)

 17:00 <chrisccoulson> I took a look at bug 1545088 today, but the API I thought I'd be using doesn't actually do what I want. I suspect I'll be spending some time this week trying to figure out a way forward (it blocks lots of bugs)

 17:00 <ubottu> bug 1545088 in Oxide "Google search page is scaled on window resize" [Medium,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1545088

 17:00 <chrisccoulson> That's me done

 17:00 <tyhicks> ratliff: you're up

 17:01 <ratliff> I'm just back from two weeks of sprinting, so I have a fair bit of catch-up work to do and dealing with outcomes from the sprints.

 17:01 <ratliff> I'll be out this Friday and next Monday.

 17:01 <ratliff> back to you tyhicks

 17:02 <tyhicks> [TOPIC] Highlighted packages

 17:02 <tyhicks> None this week. I've hit some technical difficulties in generating the list.

 17:02 <tyhicks> [TOPIC] Miscellaneous and Questions

 17:02 <tyhicks> Does anyone have any other questions or items to discuss?

 17:04 <tyhicks> jdstrand, mdeslaur, sbeattie, jjohansen, sarnold, ChrisCoulson, ratliff: Thanks!

 17:04 <tyhicks> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)