== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting: Community Council Check-In, 21 Jul at 16:59 &mdash; 17:35 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2016/ubuntu-meeting.2016-07-21-16.59.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== DMB check in ===
The discussion about "DMB check in" started at 17:06.

  * ''LINK:'' http://fridge.ubuntu.com/calendars/fridge/ 

=== Desktop ===
The discussion about "Desktop" started at 17:31.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * czajkowski (36)
 * rbasak (28)
 * belkinsa (28)
 * sil2100 (23)
 * micahg (7)
 * meetingology (5)
 * tsimonq2 (2)
 * mhall119 (1)



== Full Log ==


 16:59 <belkinsa> #startmeeting Community Council Check-In

 16:59 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Jul 21 16:59:52 2016 UTC.  The chair is belkinsa. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:59 <meetingology> 

 16:59 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 17:00 <belkinsa> Who is all for the meeting today?

 17:00 <belkinsa> #chair czajkowski

 17:00 <meetingology> Current chairs: belkinsa czajkowski

 17:00 <czajkowski> aloha

 17:01 <belkinsa> Let's wait five minutes for the rest to come.

 17:01 <czajkowski> nods

 17:01 <belkinsa> We need members from the Desktop and the Developer Membership Board teams.

 17:02 <sil2100> I'm here o/ (from the DMB)

 17:02 <belkinsa> sil2100: thank you for coming.

 17:02 <czajkowski> sil2100: thanks

 17:02 <sil2100> But I think we were supposed to be here officially in 30 minutes

 17:03 <belkinsa> sil2100: that is true, but if none from the Desktop team come, we may have to start with you.

 17:03 <belkinsa> Agenda:https://wiki.ubuntu.com/CommunityCouncilAgenda

 17:03 <sil2100> Should I try pinging the rest of the DMB?

 17:04 <belkinsa> Yes, please.

 17:04 <tsimonq2> Community Council, could we please get a date for the next Lubuntu check-in?

 17:04 <czajkowski> tsimonq2: it's not on the list will get it amended after the meeting

 17:05 <tsimonq2> thank you czajkowski :)

 17:05 <belkinsa> czajkowski: I pinged the desktop team in their channel.

 17:05 <czajkowski> nods

 17:05 <czajkowski> sil2100: any more DMB folks?

 17:06 <sil2100> Poked them on #ubuntu-devel, but it seems everyone was waiting for 17:30 UTC

 17:06 * micahg is here

 17:06 <rbasak> o/

 17:06 <czajkowski> #topic DMB check in

 17:06 <czajkowski> great :)

 17:06 <belkinsa> Are you both of Desktop team?

 17:06 <rbasak> DMB.

 17:06 <sil2100> micahg, rbasak: thanks for popping up!

 17:07 <belkinsa> Okay, perfect.

 17:07 <czajkowski> thanks for coming folks

 17:07 <belkinsa> And thank you, czajkowski.

 17:07 <czajkowski> so micahg rbasak sil2100 how are things in the land of DMB ?

 17:07 <czajkowski> care to catch us up

 17:07 <rbasak> So I'm new on the DMB, still learning the ropes.

 17:07 <micahg> we've actually had a nice stream of applicants recently

 17:08 <micahg> not a full agenda, but usually we have at least 1

 17:08 <rbasak> I feel that we're a little slow in getting stuff done for people after approvals, partly because most of us are learning the ropes, and partly because some approvals need a TB member to make them actually happen, and we have only one (very busy) overlapping person.

 17:08 <rbasak> I'd like to do that better, but I think we will as we get the hang of things.

 17:08 * belkinsa nods

 17:09 <sil2100> I guess it happens for those more complicated applications

 17:09 <czajkowski> rbasak: do you guys discuss before hand or wait till the meeting, is thre a channel for you to discuss items ?

 17:09 <sil2100> Since we did have a few core-dev applications that just went through smoothly, with all permissions given on the same day

 17:09 <rbasak> Yes, the straightforward ones are pretty quick.

 17:10 <rbasak> On another note, I feel that we barely made quorum on almost every meeting.

 17:10 <czajkowski> rbasak: is there a way to move things to email as I know it's hard to get everyone online at one time

 17:10 <belkinsa> Is it because we all have lives or is there another problem?

 17:10 <sil2100> I apologize for this week, I actually joined the DMB meeting place a few minutes before it starting but then got preempted by life

 17:10 <rbasak> czajkowski: we have a private channel, but don't use it much.

 17:10 <czajkowski> I know online meetings like this are useful but you can see even now it's hard to get all the CC online

 17:11 <czajkowski> sil2100: life is very complicated at times ;)

 17:11 <belkinsa> Indeed, we only have two of us here at the meeting.

 17:11 <sil2100> I guess ;)

 17:11 <rbasak> czajkowski: we can defer to the ML, yes. I don't think we've had to do that yet. We would have had to at the last meeting had the applicant also not forgotten to show :)

 17:11 <czajkowski> rbasak: so we in the CC have a channel we idle in and that has really helped over the last few years to get togeter catch up and leave feedback

 17:11 <czajkowski> mayeb to encouraage folks to become more idle on there?

 17:12 <belkinsa> +1 on the idle idea

 17:12 * rbasak idles in there already

 17:12 <micahg> well, I still need to process the doodle poll results for meeting times, that should help with quorum

 17:12 <czajkowski> rbasak: yes that can be hard, we do try and reach out adn send reminders, but again life kicks in, do you email out before hand to remind people

 17:12 <rbasak> It's much easier for me though, since I'm full time paid by Canonical to be on IRC basically.

 17:12 <sil2100> rbasak: what's the channel name? I'm a newbie and probably missed the channel name somewhere

 17:12 <rbasak> sil2100: #ubuntu-dmb

 17:12 <czajkowski> what has helped the CC this last few months is having our meetings in a google calendar we can subscribe to and get notifications

 17:13 <sil2100> rbasak: could you invite me? It seems invite-only ;)

 17:13 <sil2100> rbasak: thanks!

 17:13 <belkinsa> micahg: Are you, as a team, working on getting a better time/date to reach the quotem?

 17:13 <micahg> yes

 17:13 <rbasak> sil2100: I need to figure out how to do that :)

 17:13 <belkinsa> micahg: I see.

 17:13 <micahg> rbasak: I'll take care of it

 17:13 <rbasak> Thanks!

 17:14 <czajkowski> Is there anything the CC can do to help or improve with ?

 17:14 <sil2100> czajkowski: we also have a calendar with all the meetings scheduled, and it does seem to help to some extent

 17:14 <rbasak> sil2100: we do? :)

 17:14 * rbasak has his own calendar entries

 17:14 <belkinsa> You can have one that can send out reminders to the Mailing-list when there is a meeting.  Like I did for this one.

 17:14 <sil2100> rbasak: yes! I thought I added you there, hmm

 17:14 <sil2100> http://fridge.ubuntu.com/calendars/fridge/

 17:15 <sil2100> rbasak: yeah, looks like you're added there, at least your @ubuntu.com account

 17:15 <sil2100> I proceeded as per the fridge instructions, might have messed up something but so far it worked fine for me ;p

 17:16 <rbasak> sil2100: maybe it needs to be my @canonical.com account, as that's what Google thinks I am. But don't worry about it - I have my own entries that seem to work. We can figure out something if/when we change our times.

 17:16 <czajkowski> so in general things are going well with the DMB ?

 17:16 <rbasak> Is there anything the CC can do to help or improve with> I can't think of anything, thanks. Unless someone else can?

 17:17 <czajkowski> my only thinking would be if you could or maybe you do and I am not seeing it annouce new members?

 17:17 <rbasak> czajkowski: I'd say so. I'd like to do better in terms of delays for some applicants after approval, but I think we're on an improving trend

 17:17 <czajkowski> do you?

 17:17 <rbasak> It's in our post-meeting chair checklist. I'm not sure how well it is actually getting performed (we have a rotating chair).

 17:18 <rbasak> Perhaps we should add it as a specific meeting action.

 17:20 <czajkowski> rbasak: it would be great to see it posting to the fridge or even on planet.u.c so the ubuntu newsletter could get an update - I know pleia2 is always looking for new content

 17:20 <czajkowski> I think that would raise the profile of the DMB and applications

 17:20 <micahg> yeah, I'm notorious for forgetting to do that :(

 17:20 <rbasak> czajkowski: agreed. We should do something to make sure this happens.

 17:21 <belkinsa> Maybe use Trello?

 17:22 <rbasak> We're quite good at carrying forward meeting actions, and nominating a DMB member to handle an applicant approval, so what if we wrote up a "new approved applicant checklist" and created an actual meeting action to complete that checklist?

 17:22 <rbasak> Trello works too if everyone is happy with that.

 17:22 <czajkowski> rbasak: fantastic :)

 17:22 <czajkowski> thanks

 17:22 <czajkowski> I think that would be great for all to see new applications and community activity.

 17:22 <belkinsa> rbasak: that also works.

 17:23 <sil2100> Yeah, I was wondering recently what happened to that

 17:23 <rbasak> I'll add an item to the agenda of the next meeting to decide what we want to do to solve this.

 17:23 <sil2100> Since I remember new members being announced in the past

 17:24 <rbasak> (done)

 17:24 <sil2100> rbasak: thanks!

 17:25 <czajkowski> Thank you :)

 17:25 <czajkowski> is there anything else we can help with ?

 17:27 <rbasak> I guess not.

 17:27 <rbasak> Thank you for your time! I think it was useful to catch up with you. I appreciate it must take a while to get round every team.

 17:28 <belkinsa> And thank you for coming.

 17:28 <sil2100> How often do such catch-ups happen for a selected team?

 17:28 <belkinsa> I think once or twice a cycle.

 17:29 <sil2100> Ok, was just curious, thanks :)

 17:29 <sil2100> And thank you for your time!

 17:29 <belkinsa> Not a problem.

 17:29 <czajkowski> once a cycle

 17:31 <czajkowski> #topic Desktop

 17:31 <czajkowski> anyone here from the Desktop team ?

 17:32 <belkinsa> If not, we can reschedule the meeting.  Can't we?

 17:32 <belkinsa> #chair mhall119

 17:32 <meetingology> Current chairs: belkinsa czajkowski mhall119

 17:34 <czajkowski> sure

 17:34 <mhall119> will's not online, I pinged seb128 but no reply yet

 17:34 <belkinsa> Alright, I already added it to here: https://wiki.ubuntu.com/CommunityCouncilAgenda

 17:35 <czajkowski> belkinsa: need to add lubuntu also

 17:35 <czajkowski> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)