== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 19 May at 15:01 &mdash; 15:35 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2016/ubuntu-meeting.2016-05-19-15.01.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning round ===
The discussion about "Lightning round" started at 15:01.


=== AOB ===
The discussion about "AOB" started at 15:26.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * slangasek (41)
 * pitti (30)
 * cyphermox (28)
 * chiluk (26)
 * bdmurray (25)
 * ubottu (23)
 * infinity (19)
 * caribou (16)
 * barry (15)
 * sil2100 (14)
 * xnox (9)
 * tdaitx (6)
 * robru (5)
 * doko (5)
 * meetingology (3)



== Full Log ==


 15:01 <slangasek> #startmeeting

 15:01 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu May 19 15:01:06 2016 UTC.  The chair is slangasek. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 15:01 <meetingology> 

 15:01 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 15:01 <slangasek> [TOPIC] Lightning round

 15:01 <slangasek> $ echo $(shuf -e barry doko bdmurray slangasek caribou infinity sil2100 robru cyphermox pitti tdaitx xnox chiluk)

 15:01 <slangasek> barry caribou pitti sil2100 bdmurray robru infinity tdaitx doko cyphermox xnox slangasek chiluk

 15:02 <barry> oh great

 15:02 <sil2100> barry: winner!

 15:02 <slangasek> :)

 15:02 * barry scrolls through his gtimelog

 15:02 <barry> pyflakes 1.2.2-3, 1.2.3-1

 15:02 <barry> upgrade desktop to yakkety

 15:03 <barry> started a libpeas resync w/debian (ppa: barry/libpeasresync)

 15:03 <barry> python-flake8 2.5.4-3 (debian bug #824195)

 15:03 <ubottu> Debian bug 824195 in src:python-flake8 "python-flake8: FTBFS: Tries to download older version of pyflakes" [Serious,Fixed] http://bugs.debian.org/824195

 15:03 <barry> looked again at LP: #1512792 - still can't repro

 15:03 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1512792 in python-pip (Ubuntu) "Pip crashes with cryptography/cffi/openssl error" [Medium,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1512792

 15:03 <barry> various and sundry pycon planning stuff

 15:03 <barry> various and sundry ubuntu-image work

 15:03 <barry> reviewed some branches for robru

 15:04 <barry> pyparsing 2.1.4+dfsg1-1

 15:04 <barry> --done--

 15:04 <caribou> Bugfix :

 15:04 <caribou> - multipath coredump:

 15:04 <caribou> LP: #1532789 - uploaded for SRU

 15:04 <caribou> - Waiting for customer confirmation

 15:04 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1532789 in multipath-tools (Ubuntu Trusty) "Trusty multipath-tools suffering seg faults" [High,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1532789

 15:04 <caribou> - Apache 2.4.18(xenial) backport (LP: #1335068)

 15:04 <caribou> Uploaded to backport

 15:04 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1335068 in trusty-backports "Please backport apache2 2.4.10-1ubuntu1 (main) from Utopic" [Undecided,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1335068

 15:04 <caribou> Development work:

 15:04 <caribou> - makedumpfile development

 15:04 <caribou> Various contribution from HPE

 15:04 <caribou> further fix for s390 enablement

 15:04 <caribou> Work on new DEP8 tests

 15:04 <caribou> - vsftpd DEP8 regression

 15:04 <caribou> Argueing with upstream Debian to avoid delta

 15:05 <caribou> - Various sponsoring : bash-completion, multipath-tools

 15:05 <caribou> ☑ Done

 15:05 <pitti> only a 4-day week

 15:05 <pitti> 16.10 planning:

 15:05 <pitti> - Discuss/research/draft convergence-y-replace-upstart blueprint; I have an initial working prototype now, needs more refinement/testing/packaging

 15:05 <pitti> - https://blueprints.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+spec/foundations-y-local-resolver: stil waiting for slangasek to review and accept for yakkety

 15:05 <pitti> - Network YAML config drafting with rharper; will have a meeting next week to discuss the remaining design issues and implementation plan

 15:05 <pitti> autopkgtest:

 15:05 <pitti> - quite some infrastructure maintenance due to some cloud issues, tests causing tmpfail loops, and s390x reorg

 15:05 <pitti> - britney: Produce update_output_notest.txt with a dry run ignoring test results, for easier lib transition untangling

 15:05 <pitti> - dpkg: Record test dependencies in Sources index, for implementing reverse test dependency triggering (#1491145); second patch version sent to Debian for review

 15:05 <pitti> - Test new arm64 kernels on the armhf lxd boxes in scalingstack (#1531768)

 15:05 <pitti> distro:

 15:05 <pitti> - apport: Fix UnicodeDecodeError in ubiquity hook (#1446537)

 15:05 <pitti> - Investigate apport regression on amd64, libnih/gcc problem (#1580601)

 15:05 <pitti> - pollinate: Fix dependency loops during boot (#1576333)

 15:05 <pitti> - upower: Fix behaviour when connecting to daemon fails (#1546641)

 15:05 <pitti> - Review Marco's upower kbd brightness patch (https://bugs.freedesktop.org/show_bug.cgi?id=95457)

 15:05 <ubottu> Freedesktop bug 95457 in general "KbdBacklight.GetBrightness always returns the cached value for keyboards with hardwired controls" [Normal,New]

 15:05 <pitti> - lots of SRU processing

 15:06 <pitti> - patch pilot shift

 15:06 <pitti> (end)

 15:06 <sil2100> - Landing team work, silo coordination, preparing landing e-mails

 15:06 <sil2100> - RTM status meetings

 15:06 <sil2100> - More work on OTA-11, preparing re-spins, pushing on fixes, snapshot copies etc.

 15:06 <sil2100> - Adding ubuntu-pd support to commitlogs, enabling frieza commitlogs

 15:06 <sil2100> - Discussing the future of the SDK seeds with the SDK team

 15:06 <sil2100> - Looking into the batch package copy from overlay to yakkety before trio landings

 15:06 <sil2100> - Xenial touch transition

 15:06 <sil2100> * Improving the automated arm64-availability scripts

 15:06 <sil2100> * Enabling arm64 in packaging for the touch meta package, backporting to xenial

 15:06 <sil2100> * Discussing the arm64 oxide and ciborium situation

 15:06 <sil2100> - Landing team tools improvements, some ideas on a specific snapshot re-spin tool

 15:06 <sil2100> (done)

 15:07 <bdmurray> submitted RT to have missing assets investigated

 15:07 <bdmurray> found out the assets system changed on me

 15:07 <bdmurray> submitted a different RT to stop using assets.u.c altogether

 15:07 <bdmurray> fixed bug with errors charm and allow_bug_filing option on precise

 15:07 <bdmurray> confirmed failed-queue retracers no long run into "ERROR: ExecutablePath" does not exist issues

 15:07 <bdmurray> wrote cassandra driver code to find crash reports about architectures we don't retrace

 15:07 <bdmurray> submitted RT to get some arm64 cores to test retracing

 15:07 <bdmurray> reported Errors / Diasy bug LP: #1582295 (too many R's)

 15:07 <bdmurray> worked with webops to migrate ET to PS4.5 swift

 15:07 <bdmurray> dealt with the mess (retracers hanging, large queues) that became

 15:07 <bdmurray> reported apport bug LP: #1581682 re duplicate signature for package install failures

 15:07 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1582295 in Errors "package versions table shows multiple packages from release pocket" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1582295

 15:07 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1581682 in apport (Ubuntu Xenial) "Duplicate signature for Package problems missing info" [Medium,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1581682

 15:07 <bdmurray> worked on improvements to duplicate signature in the ubuntu hook

 15:07 <bdmurray> commited fixes for apport bugs (LP: #1548421, LP: #1581682)

 15:07 <bdmurray> research into and upload fix to Trusty for apport bug (LP: #1339663)

 15:07 <bdmurray> investigation into LP: #1566201

 15:07 <bdmurray> research into apport bug (LP: #1446537)

 15:07 <bdmurray> review of apport package hooks that use attach_root_command_output (LP: #1446537)

 15:07 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1548421 in apport (Ubuntu Xenial) "python stacktrace during 'apport-bug'" [High,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1548421

 15:07 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1339663 in apport (Ubuntu Trusty) "ubuntu-bug fails with "whoopsie-upload-all: error: unrecognized arguments" when /var/lib/apport/autoreport exists" [High,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1339663

 15:07 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1566201 in apturl (Ubuntu) "/usr/bin/apturl-gtk:AttributeError:/usr/bin/apturl-gtk@47:main:enableChannel:doEnableChannel" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1566201

 15:07 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1446537 in apport (Ubuntu Xenial) "apport hook fails in add_info with TypeError: 'str' does not support the buffer interface" [Undecided,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1446537

 15:07 <bdmurray> SRU verification of trusty bug (LP: #989819)

 15:07 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 989819 in Daisy "Make duplicate signature more specific for DBusException and OSError" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/989819

 15:07 <bdmurray> pushed apport change to tag bugs apport-hook-error

 15:07 <bdmurray> ✔ done

 15:07 <robru> lp:bileto

 15:07 <robru> - work on parallelizing builds continues

 15:07 <robru> lp:canonical-mojo-specs

 15:07 <robru> - fixes for passing token from bileto to jenkins

 15:07 <robru> (done)

 15:07 <infinity> - Meetings and start work on 'ubuntu-image' with zyga and barry

 15:07 <infinity> - Bug triage, AA, SRU, etc work for 16.04.1

 15:07 <infinity> - Work with Andy on AA training, added him to snakefruit

 15:07 <infinity> - Existential crisis regarding impending surgery, drafted a hasty will to leave my free time to pitti and my sarcasm to doko

 15:08 <infinity> (done)

 15:08 <tdaitx> = JCK 8

 15:08 <tdaitx> * Debugging JFrame tests to get them working; JFrames are still still showing up yellow with no content

 15:08 <tdaitx> = Other

 15:08 <tdaitx> * OpenJDK 6/7/8 bugs:

 15:08 <tdaitx> - Triage, reproducing (or not), testing fixes, reporting issues upstream (913434, 1582229, 1581835, 1564780, 1580996)

 15:08 <tdaitx> (done)

 15:08 <doko> - short week (two bank holidays)

 15:08 <doko> - yakkety merges

 15:08 <doko> - GCC cross build fixes

 15:08 <doko> (done)

 15:09 <cyphermox> - sponsored bridge-utils for chiluk

 15:09 <cyphermox> - secure boot integration

 15:09 <cyphermox> - finished fixing up SB/shim on yakkety for third-party drivers

 15:09 <cyphermox> - dkms + grub uploads to use update-secureboot-policy.

 15:09 <cyphermox> - setup local maas environment

 15:09 <cyphermox> - testing IPv6 PXE boot with grub.

 15:09 <cyphermox> - grub patches for timers (EFI) on Hyper-V (bug LP: #1519836)

 15:09 <cyphermox> - preparing grub, shim-signed, dkms SRUs

 15:09 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1519836 in grub2-signed (Ubuntu Xenial) "MaaS fails to boot Hyper-V Generation 2 virtual machines" [High,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1519836

 15:09 <pitti> infinity: you mean your *entire* 5 minutes of free time per week? /me is overwhelmed

 15:09 <chiluk> thought it was cifs-utils.

 15:09 <cyphermox> - monday May 23 is Victoria/Patriots day

 15:09 <cyphermox> (done)

 15:09 <xnox> s390-dasd/dasd -> preseed support in yakkety, unapproved for xenial bug #1572941

 15:09 <xnox> netcfg -> unapproved sru for netcfg/vlan_id bug #1567687, and turning off dhcp preseed bug [s390x] bug #1572607

 15:09 <xnox> upstart -> review/merge & upload fixes for testsuite and desktop environment propagation, unapproved sru

 15:09 <xnox> helping to enable touch packages on arm64 in yakkety

 15:09 <xnox> meetings about ongoing s390x "support"

 15:09 <xnox> meetings about images for L1CC

 15:09 <xnox> prep for Debconf

 15:09 <xnox> off next week

 15:10 <xnox> ..

 15:10 <ubottu> bug 1572941 in Ubuntu on IBM z Systems "s390-dasd module does not perform with preseed file" [Critical,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1572941

 15:10 <ubottu> bug 1567687 in netcfg (Ubuntu Xenial) "add vlan support" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1567687

 15:10 <ubottu> bug 1572607 in netcfg (Ubuntu Xenial) "netcfg/disable_autoconfig=true still prompts for "Auto-configure networking?"" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1572607

 15:10 <cyphermox> chiluk: do you also need cifs sponsored?

 15:10 <infinity> pitti: I suspect I'll have a lot more free time if I'm dead.  You can have it all!

 15:10 <chiluk> cyphermox: I'm pretty sure you sponsored cifs-utils not bridge-utils.

 15:10 * pitti is scared

 15:10 <cyphermox> chiluk: oh, right, I'm mixing things up

 15:10 <chiluk> no prob.

 15:11 <cyphermox> chiluk: sponsored cifs-utils for you, bridge-utils for rhaper.

 15:11 <chiluk> don't worry cyphermox I will need more sponsorship

 15:11 <chiluk> pesky customers always getting in the way.

 15:12 <chiluk> slangasek: ??

 15:13 <slangasek> chiluk: !!

 15:13 <chiluk> your turn.

 15:13 <slangasek> * attended the snappy sprint in Vancouver last week! good sprint, brought back some urgent work items for the team which I've been discussing with a few of you (ubuntu-image)

 15:13 <slangasek> * working on documenting SRU exceptions for various Canonical projects that have upstream QA (juju, snapd)

 15:13 <slangasek> * brought a cold with me from the previous sprint through customs into Vancouver and back, so less productive than expected at the beginning of the week; but mostly cleared up now

 15:13 <slangasek> * discussions around z Series systems

 15:13 <slangasek> * uploaded a fix for a regression in the lsb SRU to trusty (LP: #1582813)

 15:13 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1582813 in lsb (Ubuntu Trusty) "service --status-all always reports upstart managed daemons as running" [High,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1582813

 15:13 <slangasek> * various discussions with the team about priorities for the new cycle

 15:13 <slangasek> * learning a bit more about how packaging of golang software works

 15:13 <slangasek> * will be off this morning aside from this meeting

 15:13 <slangasek> (done)

 15:14 <infinity> 15:13 < slangasek>  * learning a bit more about how packaging of golang software works

 15:14 <infinity> My condolences.

 15:14 <chiluk> * LP #1576747 - Will test

 15:14 <chiluk> * LP #1581236 - Haswell does not reach greater than pc3.

 15:14 <chiluk> * LP #1579917 - Skylake with nvme does not reach greater than pc2

 15:14 <chiluk> * LP #1581141 - cifs-utils

 15:14 <chiluk> * LP #1581595 - partman-auto-lvm

 15:14 <chiluk> * Will continue merging when my day job responsibilities allow.

 15:14 <chiluk> * Got network performance issue in STS Lab ironed out *100 mb link on router.

 15:14 <chiluk> - done -

 15:14 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1576747 in network-manager (Ubuntu) "Network manager unable to control wifi after suspend in 16.04" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1576747

 15:14 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1581236 in linux (Ubuntu) "Power state does not drop lower than pc03 for package (Haswell i7-4500U) " [Medium,Incomplete] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1581236

 15:14 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1579917 in linux (Ubuntu) "Skylake processor never reaches low power states on X1 Carbon gen 4 with NVMe drive" [Medium,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1579917

 15:14 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1581141 in cifs-utils (Ubuntu) "Merge from debian cifs-utils_6.5-2" [Low,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1581141

 15:14 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1581595 in partman-auto-lvm (Ubuntu) "Merge from debian partman-auto-lvm 59" [Low,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1581595

 15:14 <slangasek> infinity: I have a package with a "transitional" binary package, which if I drop it from debian/control, causes the package to FTBFS ;)

 15:14 <chiluk> fyi cyphermox 1581595 is awaiting sponsorship

 15:15 <cyphermox> yeah you got my curiosity when I saw a d-i component

 15:15 <chiluk> yeah.. I'm kind of just picking things at random when they pique my interests.

 15:15 <infinity> slangasek: And not just because it goes from multi-binary to single-binary and installs to a different location?

 15:15 <chiluk> if anyone has suggestions on which packages to work on first let me know.

 15:16 <chiluk> I reserve the right to ignore your suggestions though.

 15:16 <slangasek> infinity: proooobably not

 15:16 <cyphermox> chiluk: just fyi, I personally don't mind since you seem to know what you're doing from what I've seen, but I was once told it was polite to ask the TIL owner before doing merges :)

 15:16 <slangasek> s/polite/efficient/

 15:16 <cyphermox> that too

 15:16 <infinity> slangasek: I keep meaning to file a debhelper bug begging to fix that for compat 10, and just always install to debian/tmp.

 15:17 <slangasek> infinity: yes plz

 15:17 <cyphermox> +1

 15:17 <chiluk> what's the best way to look that up the TIL owner?

 15:17 <slangasek> chiluk: merges.u.c

 15:17 <cyphermox> mom doesn't lie, usually

 15:17 <slangasek> chiluk: or "latest entry in the changelog"

 15:17 <chiluk> yeah I didn't think that made them the owner.

 15:18 <slangasek> it's owner-by-default

 15:18 <chiluk> but just most probably the owner

 15:18 <caribou> infinity: got bitten by that with mstflint on Xenial & uploaded a binary package w/o the binaries :-/

 15:19 <slangasek> ok; any other questions re: status?

 15:19 <cyphermox> slangasek: chiluk: since we do get the changelog in merges.u.c anyway, would it be worth it to try to bring up stats for who is the most likely owner via number of changelog entries?

 15:19 <cyphermox> not that that's in any way a priority ;)

 15:20 <slangasek> cyphermox: I think the current approach of TIL is fine

 15:21 <slangasek> if you touched it most recently, you are more likely to have time to work on the merge than someone who touched it 5 times 3 years ago

 15:21 <cyphermox> true

 15:21 <infinity> doko and I had a discussion at the CDO sprint wherein we opined that perhaps no-change uploads should retain the previous uploader's name in the changelog (so it would just look like a sponsored upload).

 15:21 <slangasek> and if you don't have time to work on the merge, someone can take the merge from you as appropriate

 15:21 <cyphermox> I got no questions

 15:21 <infinity> So TIL is more appropriately the "last meaningful upload".

 15:22 <slangasek> infinity: well, it's not uncommon for me to do a no-change upload, find that I'm now TIL, and do a force-sync that otherwise wouldn't get done for a cycle

 15:22 <slangasek> but perhaps my experience is not representative

 15:23 <pitti> yeah, same here

 15:23 <pitti> i. e. one earns a lot of merges when doing lib transitions, but at least that cleans up some long-overdue merges

 15:23 <infinity> pitti: When you forced dpkg through, did you do anything about the (real) devscripts test regression?

 15:24 <infinity> pitti: If not, I'll file the Debian bug and get that fixed.

 15:24 <bdmurray> Could we not count no-change uploads somehow?

 15:24 <pitti> infinity: no, not yet; I just kept it as a tab (just like the nfs-utils regression), but didn't get to devscripts yet

 15:25 <pitti> infinity: and devscripts was already broken by an earlier dpkg, so that's why I did'nt consider it a blocker for 1.18.7

 15:25 <pitti> (or earlier whatever)

 15:26 <infinity> pitti: It was?  It looked like it was passing before dpkg.

 15:26 <slangasek> bdmurray: could; I just don't think it's worth the effort.  If anyone in particular is bothered by being TIL on too many packages, they can always offer them up

 15:26 <slangasek> [TOPIC] AOB

 15:26 <pitti> infinity: http://autopkgtest.ubuntu.com/packages/d/devscripts/yakkety/amd64/

 15:26 <bdmurray> slangasek: offer them up where?

 15:27 <slangasek> bdmurray: here, ubuntu-devel, wherever :)

 15:27 <doko> bdmurray, what do you mean by "not count"?

 15:27 <slangasek> anything else, today?

 15:27 <barry> any travis experts among us?

 15:27 <cyphermox> there is always some victim^Wenthusiastic new developer who might want to take care of package XYZ

 15:28 <slangasek> I went to elementary school with a travis

 15:28 <infinity> I know a Travis who's a total jerk.

 15:28 <pitti> slangasek, bdmurray: I think the best place to "offer" them is the comment column in MoM

 15:28 <barry> only if he turned into a stand-up comedian named travis c.i.

 15:28 <slangasek> pitti: good point

 15:28 <pitti> simple to use, and right where you'd expect them

 15:28 <pitti> and a lot of merges have such a comment already

 15:28 <slangasek> barry: heh

 15:28 <chiluk> i know 3 Travis's  one of which sends sexts to groupme volleyball groups by accident.

 15:29 <infinity> ...

 15:29 <infinity> chiluk: You win.

 15:29 <infinity> chiluk: Or lose...

 15:29 <chiluk> infinity: bad flashbacks.

 15:29 * barry is glad he asked

 15:30 <slangasek> :)

 15:30 <slangasek> alright, anything else?

 15:30 <cyphermox> chiluk: fyi isc-dhcp might be manageable. not easy, but fun

 15:30 <chiluk> alrighty... I'm trying to do quassel right now, but it's not the cleanest of package.. as I have a personal interest in quassel working well.

 15:31 <cyphermox> chiluk: thanks for that

 15:31 <cyphermox> slangasek: nothing here.

 15:31 <chiluk> nothing else slangasek

 15:31 <bdmurray> Oh, I could use some help with bug 1566201.

 15:31 <ubottu> bug 1566201 in apturl (Ubuntu) "/usr/bin/apturl-gtk:AttributeError:/usr/bin/apturl-gtk@47:main:enableChannel:doEnableChannel" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1566201

 15:32 <sil2100> All good here, just waiting for you to have a few free cycles to give me some advice on the batch copy stuff

 15:32 <bdmurray> It happens an awful lot in Xenial.

 15:33 <slangasek> checked quickly that adobe-flashplugin is published to xenial partner (it is)

 15:34 <cyphermox> bdmurray: that reminds me of something I touched last cycle

 15:34 * cyphermox greps

 15:34 <slangasek> bdmurray: just ran the command from the commandline and it didn't crash immediately

 15:34 <slangasek> great, cyphermox will take it :)

 15:34 <bdmurray> I've fixed a couple of tracebacks in that bug but I'm somewhat stuck on the last one.

 15:35 <slangasek> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)