== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Developer Membership Board Meeting - 2024-12-09, started by teward, 09 Dec at 16:37 &mdash; 17:01 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2024/ubuntu-meeting.2024-12-09-16.37.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== Ubuntu Core Developer Applications ===

Discussion started by teward at 16:38.

 * '''Ubuntu Core Developer Application for Dave Jones (waveform)'''  (teward, 16:38)
  * ''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/DaveJones/CoreDevApplication   (teward, 16:39)
  * rbasak abstained from voting in the DMB meeting itself  (teward, 16:52)
  * ''VOTE:'' Core Developer rights for Dave Jones (waveform) (Denied)  (teward, 16:52)
  * ''ACTION:'' Complete Core Dev Application for Dave Jones (waveform) vote via Mailing List  (teward, 16:53)

=== Previous Action Items ===

Discussion started by teward at 16:56.

 * '''teward follow up to get all application process wiki/docs to explain the process to be able to edit wiki pages, for applicants who don't yet have wiki edit access (carried over)'''  (teward, 16:56)
  * ''ACTION:'' teward follow up to get all application process wiki/docs to explain the process to be able to edit wiki pages, for applicants who don't yet have wiki edit access (carried over)  (teward, 16:56)

=== AOB ===

Discussion started by teward at 16:56.

 * '''Next meeting date - January 1st, 2025'''  (teward, 16:56)
 * '''Next meeting date - January 8th, 2025'''  (teward, 16:57)
 * '''Next meeting date - January 6th, 2025 (ignore all other AOB items on this)'''  (teward, 16:58)
  * ''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/DeveloperMembershipBoard/Agenda says 2025-01-06 > That table was added by me, so might not be 100% correct  (liushuyu, 16:58)



== Vote results ==

 * [[https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2024/ubuntu-meeting.2024-12-09-16.37.log.html#41|Core Developer rights for Dave Jones (waveform)]]
  * Motion denied (For: 3, Against: 0, Abstained: 0)
   * Voters: teward, bdrung, schopin



== Action items, by person ==

 * teward
  * teward follow up to get all application process wiki/docs to explain the process to be able to edit wiki pages, for applicants who don't yet have wiki edit access (carried over)
 * waveform
  * Complete Core Dev Application for Dave Jones (waveform) vote via Mailing List



== People present (lines said) ==

 * teward (58)
 * meetingology (15)
 * bdrung (13)
 * waveform (10)
 * schopin (8)
 * liushuyu (4)
 * rbasak (3)



== Full log ==


 16:37 <teward> #startmeeting Developer Membership Board Meeting - 2024-12-09

 16:37 <meetingology> Meeting started at 16:37:06 UTC.  The chair is teward.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 16:37 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 16:37 <teward> #chair teward bdrung rbasak schopin

 16:37 <meetingology> Current chairs: bdrung, rbasak, schopin, teward

 16:37 <schopin> that's a lot of chairs?

 16:37 <teward> Hello, welcome to the December 9th, 2024 meeting for the Developer Membership Board

 16:38 <teward> because we're 40 minutes overdue I'm going to move some things around.

 16:38 <teward> #topic Ubuntu Core Developer Applications

 16:38 <teward> #subtopic Ubuntu Core Developer Application for Dave Jones (waveform)

 16:39 <teward> #link https://wiki.ubuntu.com/DaveJones/CoreDevApplication

 16:39 <waveform> Hello!

 16:39 <teward> waveform: if you're around, say hi, and introduce yourself while we read your application

 16:39 <teward> schopin: gives all DMB members present the ability to interact with the bot's commands, you're right it's a lot of chairs, it's a force of habit for me in case I go AWOL to designate others.

 16:40 <schopin> oh, that's smart.

 16:40 <waveform> Hi, I'm Dave Jones, foundations member for ... erm ... 6-ish years, and developer of several pi-related things. I would've typed more but had this meeting down for an hour from now! So, organized as ever

 16:41 <bdrung> waveform, is that a demonstration that you failed handling time zones? So do you want to do the next tzdata release? ;)

 16:41 <teward> hah

 16:42 <waveform> yes and no :)

 16:42 <waveform> and you clearly shouldn't trust me with it!

 16:42 <schopin> I did some tzdata uploads, and yet my calendar is the same as yours ;)

 16:42 <bdrung> waveform, you cannot break it worse than me!

 16:42 <teward> let me note ahead of time that rbasak has stated they will be abstaining from the vote as a DMB member as there's a personal friendship Conflict of Interest at play

 16:43 <teward> (yes i read)

 16:43 <schopin> rbasak: would you vote to reach quorum if need be?

 16:43 <teward> i'm familiar with waveform's work so i don't have any questions but I open the floor to questions from other DMB members

 16:44 <teward> waveform: thanks for the quick introduction :)

 16:45 <bdrung> I'll give you the edge to ask question (hiding that I have none).

 16:45 <waveform> no problem! (he says quickly dumping rpi gpio logic out of his head and trying to swap in packaging knowledge)

 16:46 <bdrung> (I would have rpi related question, but they are not related to this meeting)

 16:46 <teward> bdrung: at least you know who to direct the questions to now xD

 16:47 <teward> schopin: any questions for waveform?

 16:47 <teward> if not i'm just going to move on for time's sake to the vote.  rbasak if you want to vote to make sure quorum is reached you're allowed despite your desire to abstain :P

 16:47 <bdrung> teward, I have known that for much longer. waveform is a colleague in the Foundations team.

 16:47 <teward> :P

 16:48 * schopin is still on the floor from waveform's application.

 16:48 <schopin> I don't have any questions.

 16:48 <waveform> I said someone should pick him up...

 16:49 <bdrung> I worked enough with waveform to judge his work. He shows that he knows a lot of corners of Ubuntu. Asking questions where I know that he knows the answer is pointless.

 16:50 <teward> then i'll move on to the vote for time's sake

 16:50 <teward> #vote Core Developer rights for Dave Jones (waveform)

 16:50 <meetingology> Please vote on: Core Developer rights for Dave Jones (waveform)

 16:50 <meetingology> Public votes can be registered by saying +1, -1 or +0 in channel (for private voting, private message me with 'vote +1|-1|+0 #channelname')

 16:50 <teward> #votesrequired 4

 16:50 <meetingology> Votes now need 4 to be passed

 16:50 <teward> #voters schopin bdrung teward rbasak

 16:50 <meetingology> Current voters: bdrung, rbasak, schopin, teward

 16:51 <teward> +1

 16:51 <meetingology> +1 received from teward

 16:51 <bdrung> +1 (see my last comment)

 16:51 <meetingology> +1 (see my last comment) received from bdrung

 16:51 <rbasak> I'm going to abstain, but if everyone else is +1, and it goes to the mailing list and nobody else has a contrary opinion, then I'll settle it with a +1. I hope that's an appropriate balance between the need to make progress and a conflict of interest.

 16:51 <teward> rbasak: yep, that should be fine

 16:51 <teward> schopin: ?

 16:51 <schopin> +1

 16:51 <meetingology> +1 received from schopin

 16:52 <rbasak> (Since I endorsed, I'm obviously in favour so it's also pointless me asking questions to satisfy myself)

 16:52 <teward> #info rbasak abstained from voting in the DMB meeting itself

 16:52 <teward> #endvote

 16:52 <meetingology> Voting ended on: Core Developer rights for Dave Jones (waveform)

 16:52 <meetingology> Votes for: 3, Votes against: 0, Abstentions: 0

 16:52 <meetingology> Motion denied

 16:52 <teward> so that says motion denied, ignore it

 16:53 <teward> waveform: you have +3 here, with an abstension from Robie. We're going to have to take kthis to the mailing list to get non-present DMB members to vote on this, we'll have to circle back and let you know how that turns out

 16:53 <bdrung> waveform, did you mop the floor with schopin or why is he on the floor?

 16:53 <waveform> no problem!

 16:53 <waveform> bdrung, read the first para of the application :)

 16:53 <teward> #action Complete Core Dev Application for Dave Jones (waveform) vote via Mailing List

 16:53 * meetingology Complete Core Dev Application for Dave Jones (waveform) vote via Mailing List

 16:54 <liushuyu> Does the current DMB meeting have one more slot (so that I won't have to wait until year 2025)?

 16:54 <schopin> liushuyu: no, we're very close to ENOTIME

 16:54 <bdrung> waveform, I read that but I miss what you want to reference there.

 16:54 <teward> schopin: bdrung: rbasak: do you have more time to review liushuyu's application or shall we wait to the next slot (2025)

 16:54 <teward> we have only 6 minutes left in the normal time slot, i was 30min  delayed due to DAYJOB

 16:54 <waveform> bdrung, oh -- I was merely referring to the fact he would be astonished by the fact I was applying

 16:54 <bdrung> I have enough time

 16:55 <rbasak> I don't have time, sorry.

 16:55 <waveform> (having dodged it for years!)

 16:55 <liushuyu> I see. See you in Jan 2025 then

 16:55 <teward> liushuyu: the next DMB meeting if it were in December would be right in the middle of the holidays, so we unanimously decided to not have an extra December meeting, and we're not quorate for oa meeting for your items, so we'll see you in January 2025

 16:56 <teward> #topic Previous Action Items

 16:56 <teward> #subtopic teward follow up to get all application process wiki/docs to explain the process to be able to edit wiki pages, for applicants who don't yet have wiki edit access (carried over)

 16:56 <teward> yes that's staying carried over

 16:56 <teward> #action teward follow up to get all application process wiki/docs to explain the process to be able to edit wiki pages, for applicants who don't yet have wiki edit access (carried over)

 16:56 * meetingology teward follow up to get all application process wiki/docs to explain the process to be able to edit wiki pages, for applicants who don't yet have wiki edit access (carried over)

 16:56 <teward> #topic AOB

 16:56 <teward> #subtopic: Next meeting date - January 1st, 2025

 16:56 <teward> oops

 16:56 <teward> #subtopic Next meeting date - January 1st, 2025

 16:57 <teward> our next meeting is in January, on January 8th, 2025

 16:57 <teward> ffs #subtopic Next meeting date - January 8th, 2025

 16:57 <teward> #subtopic Next meeting date - January 8th, 2025

 16:57 <liushuyu> Another issue is the calendar for DMB meeting might not be correct

 16:57 <bdrung> teward, https://wiki.ubuntu.com/DeveloperMembershipBoard/Agenda says 2025-01-06

 16:57 <teward> blah i can't read it's 6th

 16:57 <teward> too much data in the agenda page

 16:58 <teward> #subtopic Next meeting date - January 6th, 2025 (ignore all other AOB items on this)

 16:58 <teward> i need more coffee too

 16:58 <teward> anything else for today?

 16:58 <bdrung> I am not sure if I can make it on 2025-01-06. I'll be the last day of my vacation.

 16:58 <liushuyu> https://wiki.ubuntu.com/DeveloperMembershipBoard/Agenda says 2025-01-06 > That table was added by me, so might not be 100% correct

 16:59 <bdrung> the first quarter of the table looks correct to me

 17:00 <teward> if there's any issues we can always adjust the list

 17:00 <teward> but if all looks good then that's fine.

 17:00 <teward> if there's nothing else from anyone...

 17:01 <teward> 5

 17:01 <teward> 4

 17:01 <teward> 3

 17:01 <teward> 2

 17:01 <teward> 1

 17:01 <teward> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)