== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 12 Feb at 16:01 &mdash; 16:15 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2015/ubuntu-meeting.2015-02-12-16.01.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning round ===
The discussion about "Lightning round" started at 16:01.


=== AOB ===
The discussion about "AOB" started at 16:14.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * mvo (25)
 * bdmurray (24)
 * sil2100 (21)
 * ubottu (17)
 * jodh (17)
 * cyphermox (12)
 * caribou (9)
 * robru (8)
 * barry (5)
 * meetingology (3)
 * stgraber (2)



== Full Log ==


 16:01 <mvo> #startmeeting

 16:01 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Feb 12 16:01:48 2015 UTC.  The chair is mvo. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:01 <meetingology> 

 16:01 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 16:01 <cyphermox> oh :)

 16:01 <mvo> [TOPIC] Lightning round

 16:01 <robru> oooh, me first

 16:02 <mvo> $ echo $(shuf -e barry doko stgraber jodh bdmurray slangasek caribou infinity mvo sil2100 robru cyphermox)

 16:02 <mvo> robru slangasek bdmurray mvo cyphermox sil2100 infinity jodh barry stgraber caribou doko

 16:02 <robru> * rewrote citrain build.py from scratch

 16:02 <robru> - increased test coverage from 18% to 100% (overall coverage increased from 63% to 75%)

 16:02 <robru> - replaced single 600-line function with 4 classes that have an average method length of 11 lines.

 16:02 <robru> - used object oriented inheritance to promote code reuse and consistency.

 16:02 <robru> - spent the entire week doing test rebuilds to ensure I don't regress any features from the previous version. found a few cases that regressed, and fixed them.

 16:02 <robru> (done)

 16:02 <barry> robru: \o/

 16:02 <bdmurray> wow, I don't even want to go after that

 16:03 <mvo> woah, impressive

 16:03 <bdmurray> :-(

 16:03 <robru> barry: thanks for the review ;-)

 16:03 <sil2100> robru: \o/

 16:03 <bdmurray> fixed on errors bug LP: #1419878 regarding timeouts communicating with Launchpad

 16:03 <mvo> robru: \o/

 16:03 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1419878 in Errors "default view doesn't seem to cross lines corresponding to fixed bugs" [High,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1419878

 16:03 <bdmurray> fixed issue (in errors and daisy) looking up binaries in a source package like llvm-toolchain-snapshot

 16:03 <bdmurray> tried to modify cql code to update Counters column family (not working)

 16:03 <bdmurray> finished SRU team training with tjaalton

 16:03 <bdmurray> uploaded T and U SRUs fixing apport bug LP: #1084979

 16:03 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1084979 in apport (Ubuntu Utopic) "Submitting error report asks confounding questions" [Medium,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1084979

 16:03 <bdmurray> LP: #1084979 wrote a test case for apport bug, verified it on Trusty

 16:03 <bdmurray> committed totem apport package hook change to handle UI being None

 16:03 <bdmurray> backport of apport changes to get apport-noui working on trusty

 16:03 <bdmurray> investigation into apport bug LP: #1419061

 16:03 <bdmurray> sponsored cvsps bug fix for LP: #1413084

 16:03 <bdmurray> sponsored vivid fix for apt-listchanges bug (LP: #8398378)

 16:03 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1419061 in apport (Ubuntu) "detect all packages as not genuine" [Critical,Incomplete] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1419061

 16:03 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1413084 in cvsps (Debian) "cvsps chokes on servers that print more than one "M" response to "version" command" [Unknown,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1413084

 16:03 <ubottu> Error: Launchpad bug 8398378 could not be found

 16:03 <bdmurray> sponsored patch for samba bug LP: #1416906

 16:03 <bdmurray> updated bug-bot to comment on unexpected end of file package install failures

 16:03 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1416906 in samba (Ubuntu Trusty) "force user no longer works" [Medium,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1416906

 16:03 <bdmurray> closed a ton of corrupt package apport-package reports

 16:03 <bdmurray> added utopic apt-cdrom identities to bug bot

 16:03 <bdmurray> talked to cjwatson about bug LP: #1384797 (Vivid Contents.gz is out of date)

 16:04 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1384797 in Launchpad itself "Contents generation races with publisher" [Low,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1384797

 16:04 <bdmurray> discussed bug 1308838 with mvo

 16:04 <bdmurray> pinged webops about some error tracker retracers being stopped

 16:04 <bdmurray> patch pilot

 16:04 <bdmurray> setup and configuration of canonical vpn

 16:04 <bdmurray> investigation into uvt virtual machine creation failures

 16:04 <ubottu> Error: Launchpad bug 1308838 could not be found

 16:04 <bdmurray> ✔ done

 16:04 <mvo> misc:

 16:04 <mvo> - performance review

 16:04 <mvo> vivid:

 16:04 <mvo> - Review/sponsor aptitude #1399582

 16:04 <mvo> - unattended-upgrades: merge fixes/patches, release new version

 16:04 <mvo> - update-manager: precise SRU upload

 16:04 <mvo> snappy:

 16:04 <mvo> - lots of work on the go-port, lots of bugfixes, features and new tests

 16:04 <mvo> - debug/fix image build failure due to gid change

 16:04 <mvo> - some fixes for networkless operations

 16:04 <mvo> (done)

 16:04 <cyphermox> * verified SRU for bug 1361595; oem installs on server.

 16:04 <cyphermox> - found out that starting the OEM install on server is broken, will look into it.

 16:04 <ubottu> bug 1361595 in ubiquity (Ubuntu Utopic) "OSError: [Errno 25] Inappropriate ioctl for device" [Undecided,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1361595

 16:04 <cyphermox> * completed investigation plymouth bug 1386005 (from last week):

 16:04 <cyphermox> - turns out it's more of a kernel drm issue.

 16:04 <ubottu> bug 1386005 in plymouth (Ubuntu) "Password not accepted graphical boot for encrypted root system" [Critical,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1386005

 16:04 <cyphermox> * prepared merge for partman-auto 118 -> 125

 16:04 <cyphermox> - main change is / and /usr in the same partition.

 16:04 <cyphermox> - will upload as soon as the meeting is done.

 16:05 <cyphermox> * investigated ppc64el bootloader installation issues

 16:05 <cyphermox> (done)

 16:05 <sil2100> o/

 16:06 <sil2100> - Landing team work, silos coordination, preparing landing e-mails

 16:06 <sil2100> - Testing with QA the new temporary spreadsheet tarball/click tracker

 16:06 <sil2100> - Handling an emergency hot-fix for the previously released ubuntu-rtm milestone image

 16:06 <sil2100> * Big thanks to cjwatson and wgrant for setting up the derived-series

 16:06 <sil2100> * Publishing the packages to 14.09-factory and building a new image with it

 16:06 <sil2100> * Coordinating testing and releasing of the fix

 16:06 <sil2100> * Preparation for another batch of changes

 16:06 <sil2100> - Learning how to build and promote images on nusakan

 16:06 <sil2100> - Work on a quick-fix for the infinite-resync merging problem in CI Train

 16:06 <sil2100> - Poking IS to get platform access on lillypilly

 16:06 <sil2100> * Looking into preparing a new custom tarball for ubuntu-rtm mako

 16:06 <sil2100> - Discussing possibilities of using gatekeeper jobs for autopilot-check

 16:06 <sil2100> - Submitted the standing FFe for touch packages in vivid

 16:06 <sil2100> - Preparing sync of tzdata to ubuntu-rtm (waiting for promotion to happen)

 16:06 <sil2100> - Analysing a strange case of changelog corruption in a CI Train landing

 16:06 <sil2100> - Formalities (documenting) related to this weeks milestone

 16:06 <sil2100> - Discussions regarding next ubuntu-rtm milestones

 16:06 <sil2100> - Limited work on the archive diff automated scripts

 16:06 <sil2100> (done)

 16:08 <jodh> I guess no infinity, so...

 16:08 <jodh> * snappy:

 16:08 <stgraber> infinity's in hong kong

 16:08 <jodh> - Spent 1 day on images testing + test report.

 16:08 <jodh> - Lots of code reviews.

 16:08 <jodh> - MPs:

 16:08 <jodh> - lp:~jamesodhunt/snappy/show-upgrade-details

 16:08 <jodh> - lp:~jamesodhunt/snappy/handle-no-newer-si-revision

 16:08 <jodh> - lp:~jamesodhunt/snappy/add-NeedsReboot-to-part

 16:08 <jodh> - lp:~jamesodhunt/snappy/list-show-reboot-message

 16:08 <jodh> - Meeting with barry to discuss snappy+system-image.

 16:08 <jodh> - Working on bug 1412737.

 16:08 <ubottu> bug 1412737 in snappy-ubuntu "snappy on grub systems should detect a broken boot and fall back to the other root partition on power cycling." [Critical,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1412737

 16:08 <jodh> - TODO:

 16:08 <jodh> - Land grub changes for bug 1412737.

 16:08 <jodh> - Get outstanding MPs landed.

 16:08 <jodh> - Perf review.

 16:08 <jodh> ﬓ

 16:08 <jodh> slacker

 16:08 <barry> si: LP: #1419027.  LP: #1399687.  general bug triaging.  strill trying to debug udm test failures so 3.0 can get released (LP: #1411866 & LP: #1413265).  prep/testing for 3.0

 16:08 <barry> snappy: stuff, meetings, discussions, etc.

 16:08 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1419027 in Ubuntu system image "Add a D-Bus method to perform a "production line reset"" [High,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1419027

 16:08 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1399687 in Ubuntu system image "Provide "version_detail" for latest revision on server" [High,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1399687

 16:08 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1411866 in ubuntu-download-manager (Ubuntu) "Unconstrained download to a directory w/o permission crashes udm" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1411866

 16:08 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1413265 in ubuntu-download-manager (Ubuntu) "Missing destination files" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1413265

 16:08 <barry> other: python issue 23399 (venv relative symlinks). pycon administrivia.  LP: #1419695.  cloud-init py3 follow up.  code reviews.  performance reviews.

 16:08 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1419695 in pip "Should default to --user to not fail default pip install usage" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1419695

 16:09 <barry> --done--

 16:10 <stgraber> in CPT last week, traveling on Monday, fixed procps in LXC, working on getting lxd 0.1 out, preparing for upcoming travel (next week) and doing random admin stuff. (DONE)

 16:10 <caribou> Wow, that's condensed :)

 16:10 <caribou> Makedumpfile :

 16:10 <caribou> - Upload of Firmware assisted dump support for ppc64el to Debian

 16:10 <caribou> CUPS : SRU for bug #1352809 (-h override)

 16:10 <ubottu> bug 1352809 in cups (Ubuntu Utopic) "/usr/bin/lp on Trusty using -h option doesn't work as expected" [Medium,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1352809

 16:11 <caribou> Investigate grub-pc migration bug

 16:11 <caribou> btw, who's playing with grub these days ?

 16:11 <caribou> (done)

 16:11 <caribou> I might need some help with that last one

 16:12 * cyphermox waves to caribou

 16:13 <caribou> cyphermox: ok, I might ping you 'bout stuff sometimes

 16:13 <cyphermox> sure.

 16:13 <mvo> no doko?

 16:14 <mvo> [TOPIC] AOB

 16:14 <mvo> do we have any :) ?

 16:14 <mvo> if not, I guess thats a short meeting

 16:14 <mvo> 3

 16:14 <mvo> 2

 16:15 <mvo> 1

 16:15 <mvo> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)