== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting: CC catchups, 17 Sep at 17:04 &mdash; 17:46 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2015/ubuntu-meeting.2015-09-17-17.04.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/CommunityCouncilAgenda 
=== Membership Board catchup ===
The discussion about "Membership Board catchup" started at 17:10.

  * ''LINK:'' http://www.hr.virginia.edu/uploads/documents/media/Writing_SMART_Goals.pdf 

=== open ===
The discussion about "open" started at 17:32.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * popey (52)
 * wxl (49)
 * mhall119 (49)
 * cprofitt (23)
 * elacheche (21)
 * pleia2 (14)
 * jose (9)
 * Kilos (9)
 * PabloRubianes (7)
 * yofel (4)
 * meetingology (3)



== Full Log ==


 17:04 <mhall119> #startmeeting CC catchups

 17:04 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Sep 17 17:04:27 2015 UTC.  The chair is mhall119. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 17:04 <meetingology> 

 17:04 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 17:04 <cprofitt> hello all

 17:04 <mhall119> today's agenda: https://wiki.ubuntu.com/CommunityCouncilAgenda

 17:04 <mhall119> #link https://wiki.ubuntu.com/CommunityCouncilAgenda

 17:06 <mhall119> so dpm (and I) are in a call right now, so the community team catchup might be short

 17:06 <mhall119> and dholbach is already EOD

 17:06 <popey> uh

 17:06 <popey> i think you are looking at the wrong date

 17:06 <popey> [M#xQKubuntu Council 17:00UTC 17th September / Membership Board 17:30UTC 17th September

 17:07 <mhall119> ah, so I am, need to update the wiki page

 17:07 <mhall119> Kubuntu Council first then

 17:07 <mhall119> yofel: ping

 17:08 * mhall119 doesn't see anybody else form the KC here

 17:08 <cprofitt> I know we have new KC members

 17:08 * elacheche is wondering why there is wrong informations in here → https://wiki.ubuntu.com/CommunityCouncilAgenda#Membership_candidates

 17:08 <mhall119> I think we've got a hangout scheduled for them sometime soon too

 17:08 <popey> elacheche: its a wiki, fix it :)

 17:09 <yofel> next wednesday I believe

 17:09 <mhall119> yeah, just really outdated info

 17:09 <yofel> you have a meeting now?

 17:09 <mhall119> yofel: we had a regularly scheduled catchup scheduled for today

 17:09 <elacheche> I'll do that :) Just let's finish this meeting :D And it's on my ToDo :)

 17:09 <popey> \o/

 17:09 <mhall119> but we can postpone it since we already have another scheduled

 17:09 <popey> thanks elacheche

 17:10 <elacheche> :)

 17:10 <mhall119> #topic Membership Board catchup

 17:10 <yofel> mhall119: lets do that then, thanks

 17:10 <mhall119> yofel: no problem

 17:10 <mhall119> popey: are you here to represent the membership board?

 17:10 <mhall119> anyone else from the MB here?

 17:10 <popey> me and some others

 17:11 <elacheche> Ok then.. I think that am the only one from MB! As the meeting is supposed to be after 20min :)

 17:11 <pleia2> elacheche as well

 17:11 <popey> Yeah, we sent a reminder to the RMB that it's at 17:30 UTC

 17:11 <mhall119> popey: who many membership applications have you guys had in the past cycle? (estimates okay)

 17:11 <pleia2> ah, we need to fix that on our agendas

 17:11 <popey> Dunno if everyone is available

 17:11 <popey> half a dozen or so

 17:11 <pleia2> it rarely is at :30, usually just goes with the flow of the meeting

 17:12 <pleia2> half dozen for both time slots?

 17:12 <mhall119> popey: how many have been approved? Are you getting good quality applications?

 17:12 <elacheche> mhall119, define "cycle"? → I'm from the new members in the board..

 17:12 <popey> elacheche: 6 months

 17:13 <popey> between releases

 17:13 <popey> (or between now and the last time we spoke to the CC)

 17:13 <elacheche> I don't have that infromation, I can chekc the LP group to have it..

 17:13 <pleia2> elacheche: it's ok, popey told us :)

 17:13 * wxl wakes up

 17:13 <pleia2> hey wxl

 17:13 <mhall119> hi wxl

 17:13 * wxl waves

 17:14 <elacheche> I was about to ping you wxl :D

 17:14 <wxl> i don'/t know why i didn't have this in my calendar

 17:14 <cprofitt> elacheche: good to see you are eager to learn all of this. Glad to have you on the board.

 17:14 <mhall119> what areas of the project have the recent applicants been coming from?

 17:14 <wxl> my guess is that this hapepned before i took a place on the board

 17:14 <elacheche> Thx cprofitt :)

 17:14 <wxl> mhall119: kind of all over, but there have been at least a couple canonicals, so you folks at HQ are doing a good job XD

 17:15 <pleia2> that's good to hear

 17:15 <mhall119> wxl: nice :)

 17:15 <popey> 10 since april, 17 since january (better numbers than my 'half a dozen' plucked from the air)

 17:15 <elacheche> mhall119, yeah there was some canonical people applying.. It was good to see them interested to the community

 17:15 <popey> +1

 17:15 <mhall119> elacheche: agreed

 17:15 <wxl> they also seem legitimately engaged with the community, as well, which was good

 17:15 <elacheche> yep

 17:16 <mhall119> any problems or blockers that the CC can help you with?

 17:16 <elacheche> The add of a 3rd slot was a good move as well!

 17:16 <popey> I have noticed a few of the new people are young, which is good to see too.

 17:16 <cprofitt> elacheche: yes, it is good to see Canonical employees taking an interest in the community.

 17:16 * wxl nods

 17:16 <wxl> actually i've been mentoring a 13 year old who's really fantastic

 17:17 <popey> \o/

 17:17 <wxl> mhall119: off hand, i can't really think of anything we're struggling with currently

 17:17 <wxl> you guys?

 17:17 <popey> No, the process works, people turn up and we do our job.

 17:17 * wxl nods

 17:17 <pleia2> glad to hear

 17:17 <wxl> applications have been strong, too

 17:17 <popey> The thing we do slip up on sometimes is 1) adding people to ~ubuntumembers and 2) telling the news team

 17:17 <popey> 1) is somewhat more critical than 2)

 17:18 <wxl> "somewhat" XD

 17:18 <popey> I think we just need to nail down who chairs each meeting and they have the responsibility of doing the admin afterwards

 17:18 <pleia2> people really do like seeing their name in the newsletter when they become a member

 17:18 <elacheche> Yeah popey.. Sometimes I see get email notification about 1) and don't know who did that

 17:18 <wxl> perhaps we should work out a rotation, popey ?

 17:18 <mhall119> popey: show is the chair currently selected, just whomever is there?

 17:18 <elacheche> I mean what board did it

 17:18 <popey> wxl: yeah, I'd be up for that

 17:18 <popey> mhall119: yeah, people have basically just put their hand up for it

 17:19 <popey> we haven't forced anyone to chair

 17:19 <popey> 

 17:19 <popey> 

 17:19 <popey> yet

 17:19 <mhall119> rotating is a good idea, people would know ahead of time when it's their turn

 17:19 <popey> be good to have rotation, I agree wxl

 17:19 <popey> they can be responsible for the reminder email too.

 17:19 <wxl> ok let's see if we can set something up by email

 17:19 <wxl> yes!

 17:19 <popey> we could add the chair to the wiki so everyone knows

 17:19 <wxl> yeah that's a great idea

 17:20 <popey> ok, I'll take an action to do that

 17:20 <wxl> thank you

 17:20 <popey> np

 17:20 <wxl> maybe we should include an unlinked wiki page that documents what needs to be done

 17:20 <wxl> for us noobs :)

 17:21 <mhall119> do we have any set goals for the number of new members in the next cycle, and if not what do you think about setting such a goal?

 17:21 <elacheche> Kilos, we started with CC :)

 17:21 <Kilos> sorry for being late all

 17:22 <PabloRubianes> I m late too

 17:22 <wxl> mhall119: i think it may be hard within the council to actually affect progress towards that goal, but it's a great idea. might encourage us to do some outreach and mentor people to be mentors to the people in their community

 17:22 <cprofitt> no problem Kilos and PabloRubianes we know that volunteers and international time zones do not always make it easy to make meetings.

 17:22 <elacheche> mhall119, we never discussed to set a members number as a goal..

 17:22 <popey> Yeah, seems an odd thing to do.

 17:22 <cprofitt> wxl: we need to keep goals attainable

 17:23 <popey> I mean, I can see why we might as a _project_ do that

 17:23 <wxl> +1 popey

 17:23 <popey> and we would obviously help participate in that

 17:23 <elacheche> We have some propostitions about 2 UOS session

 17:23 <mhall119> wxl: it would be just on the membership boards to reach those goals either, but a goal would give us somethign to take to other project teams

 17:23 <cprofitt> attaining a number of new members is not something that should be made a goal.

 17:23 <popey> it could be abused by us

 17:23 <popey> we would go round looking for any flotsam and jetsam to keep our numbers

 17:23 <wxl> true

 17:23 <cprofitt> a better goal would be to set goals with regards to making people aware of membership and all the mechanisms to obtain it

 17:24 <popey> Sounds like the CC should have that goal :)

 17:24 <mhall119> it could be, but it could also help us give membership more focus as a whole, across the Ubuntu project

 17:24 <wxl> and i think we've been working on that cprofitt

 17:24 <cprofitt> wxl: that is measurable and attainable

 17:24 <elacheche> mhall119, popey, belkins suggested 2 sessions during the next UOS → The first one is a "meet and greet" session where we introduce ourselves and answer questions that may come up (and also requests for feedback on their wiki pages, ect).  I don't care if this session is done on IRC only.  It might be the best idea for everyone.

 17:24 <elacheche> The second and final idea is do another session like in the last UOS where we discussed ideas on how to increase Membership within.

 17:24 <wxl> for example, belkinsa and i worked together to brainstorm ideas that lead to changes to the membership wiki about social capital benefits of membership https://wiki.ubuntu.com/Membership#The_Benefits

 17:24 <PabloRubianes> as we are getting fewer candidates, having a goal is not gonna fix that

 17:25 <wxl> based on feedback we got from contributors that didn't feel motivated to get their membership

 17:25 <mhall119> elacheche: I like that idea

 17:25 <cprofitt> wxl good stuff...

 17:25 <elacheche> We will fix the Ubuntu Members map as well.. It's outdated.. I promised to work on it asap

 17:26 <cprofitt> perhaps setting a goal of producing 'x' number of promotional items - such as creating a Youtube video about membership or something else that reaches out to Ubuntu users who are not members.

 17:26 <cprofitt> those I think are excellent goals and are attainable and measurable.

 17:26 <wxl> cprofitt: again that sounds more like something that would make a nice project, though, rather than a goal, as popey said

 17:26 <cprofitt> elacheche: the sessions at UOS would be valuable too.

 17:27 <cprofitt> the goal would be to produce 'x' resources

 17:27 * elacheche nods

 17:27 <mhall119> cprofitt: that sounds more like a work item, not a goal

 17:27 <cprofitt> the Youtube was an example of a specific item that would be counted towards reaching the goal.

 17:27 <wxl> thanks for putting my idea into works, mhall119

 17:27 <wxl> s/idea/thought/

 17:27 <popey> Are there any goals else where in the project? Number of MOTU developers? Number of translators?

 17:27 <cprofitt> I do not want to derail this discussion on goals...

 17:27 <popey> Would seem a bit lop-sided to aim for more members, but not look at the other areas too.

 17:28 <cprofitt> http://www.hr.virginia.edu/uploads/documents/media/Writing_SMART_Goals.pdf

 17:28 <mhall119> popey: agreed, I'd like to set more goals across all of those metrics

 17:28 <cprofitt> a good resrouce for goals.

 17:28 <popey> mhall119: set that as a goal for you, "[mhall119] More goals"

 17:28 <mhall119> ok, so it sounds like I should bring this up within the CC first, and then break it down to sub-teams

 17:28 <wxl> HHAHAHAH

 17:28 <popey> +1

 17:28 <wxl> seriously, though, i think that would be wise

 17:29 * cprofitt nods

 17:29 <cprofitt> I agree.

 17:29 <wxl> i have no reservations about setting goals, but as cprofitt said they need to be both measurable and attainable

 17:31 <mhall119> ok, that's all I have for the membership boards

 17:31 <mhall119> pleia2: cprofitt czajkowski anything else?

 17:31 <cprofitt> Just remind everyone about the upcoming election for the CC

 17:31 <pleia2> all good

 17:31 <pleia2> thanks for coming :)

 17:31 <popey> \o/

 17:31 <elacheche> o/

 17:32 <Kilos> o/

 17:32 <cprofitt> We need people to nominate qualified people to take positions on the CC

 17:32 <mhall119> thanks everyone

 17:32 <mhall119> and we will see the KC next week(?)

 17:32 <yofel> sure, most of us will try to be there if possible

 17:32 <wxl> i wouldn't mind joining the cc, too, but i don't knwo if that's reasonable considering i'm on subboards

 17:32 <PabloRubianes> ohh a notice to the CC, from the LC

 17:32 <mhall119> thanks yofel

 17:32 <wxl> is there an LC catch up upcoming PabloRubianes ?

 17:32 <mhall119> #topic open

 17:33 <PabloRubianes> we are having a call for new members soon (maybe today)

 17:33 <PabloRubianes> as jose and sergio are expiring next month

 17:33 <popey> uh, that's fun, cc and lc expiring together

 17:33 <PabloRubianes> wxl: no, but as we are here I let them know :P

 17:33 <popey> I'd argue if jose and sergio are up for it, extend them for ~3 months so it doesn't overlap with cc election

 17:33 <cprofitt> PabloRubianes: thanks for letting us know

 17:33 <mhall119> thanks PabloRubianes

 17:34 <wxl> i get the feeling jose is done popey

 17:34 <popey> :(

 17:34 <wxl> and i dont' hear/see from sergio much at all

 17:34 <jose> unfortunately, I'm not going to reapply

 17:34 <wxl> popey: just because he's busy with school, you know?

 17:34 <jose> and Sergio is now AWOL

 17:34 <wxl> oh there he is, he can speak for himself :)

 17:34 <jose> hehe :)

 17:34 <mhall119> ok, we'll put out a call for nominations

 17:34 <popey> ok

 17:34 <jose> also, is it possible to get it back to 6 members?

 17:35 <jose> we got it up to 7 because there were too many people away

 17:35 <jose> but I think things are way more stable now

 17:35 <pleia2> that makes sense

 17:35 <pleia2> we can always bump it up again if there's a problem

 17:35 <PabloRubianes> +1 on 6 members

 17:36 <jose> wxl?

 17:36 <mhall119> pleia2: cprofitt: who wants to put out the call for LC nominations?

 17:36 <wxl> jose: +1

 17:36 <popey> jose: thanks for all your work on the LC!

 17:36 <wxl> i agree, jose, thank you

 17:37 <pleia2> I can't commit to doing it today, but we'll see about getting it out

 17:37 <jose> it's my pleasure :)

 17:37 <mhall119> ok, we'll work that out ourselves

 17:37 <mhall119> any other business?

 17:37 <Kilos> one question peeps

 17:38 <Kilos> any of the existing cc members available for the next 2 years

 17:38 <Kilos> ?

 17:38 <mhall119> Kilos: ?

 17:39 <Kilos> i mean does expiring meean they gone or will some reapply

 17:39 <mhall119> Kilos: you'd have to ask us individually

 17:39 <Kilos> ah

 17:39 <popey> They have to be nominated (after being asked if they want to stand again)

 17:40 <wxl> would it be a conflict if i joined the cc while still remaining on a subboard?

 17:40 <popey> No

 17:40 <popey> At one point in the past I was on the LoCo Council, Membership Board and CC at the same time ;)

 17:40 <jose> what do you mean by a subboard?

 17:40 <wxl> yeah well that's kind of how it would be for me popey :)

 17:40 <wxl> jose: MB, LC

 17:40 <popey> the only advice I'd say is don't overcommit and burn out

 17:40 * wxl nods

 17:41 <wxl> well, as always, thanks CC

 17:41 <wxl> and thanks to all of you wonderful MB folks as well

 17:41 <wxl> and the few of you LC people

 17:41 <wxl> and…

 17:41 <wxl> ☺

 17:41 <mhall119> thanks everyone

 17:42 <Kilos> thank you wxl

 17:42 <mhall119> anything else before I end the meeting?

 17:42 <Kilos> ty mhall119

 17:46 <mhall119> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)