== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 16 Nov at 16:31 &mdash; 16:48 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2015/ubuntu-meeting.2015-11-16-16.31.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting 
=== Announcements ===
The discussion about "Announcements" started at 16:32.


=== Weekly stand-up report ===
The discussion about "Weekly stand-up report" started at 16:32.


=== Highlighted packages ===
The discussion about "Highlighted packages" started at 16:44.

  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/k4dirstat.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/pam-pgsql.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/fwsnort.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/ppmd.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/libphp-adodb.html 

=== Miscellaneous and Questions ===
The discussion about "Miscellaneous and Questions" started at 16:44.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * tyhicks (29)
 * sbeattie (6)
 * chrisccoulson (5)
 * mdeslaur (4)
 * sarnold (3)
 * meetingology (3)
 * jjohansen (3)
 * ubottu (1)



== Full Log ==


 16:31 <tyhicks> #startmeeting

 16:31 <meetingology> Meeting started Mon Nov 16 16:31:54 2015 UTC.  The chair is tyhicks. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:31 <meetingology> 

 16:31 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 16:32 <tyhicks> The meeting agenda can be found at:

 16:32 <tyhicks> [LINK] https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting

 16:32 <tyhicks> [TOPIC] Announcements

 16:32 <tyhicks> Klas Mattsson (klas-mattsson) provided a debdiff for trusty for openafs (LP: #1513461)

 16:32 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1513461 in openafs (Ubuntu Wily) "OPENAFS-SA-2015-007 "Tattletale"" [Undecided,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1513461

 16:32 <tyhicks> Many thanks for your assistance in keeping Ubuntu users secure! :)

 16:32 <tyhicks> [TOPIC] Weekly stand-up report

 16:32 <tyhicks> mdeslaur: you're up

 16:32 <mdeslaur> I'm on triage this week

 16:32 <mdeslaur> I'm about to publish strongswan and libxml2 updates

 16:33 <mdeslaur> and I have a couple of embargoed issues to work on

 16:33 <mdeslaur> and that's about it from me, sbeattie?

 16:33 <sbeattie> I'm in the happy place this week

 16:34 <sbeattie> I'll have openjdk updates and some other java goop to publish this week

 16:34 <sbeattie> I need to talk with people about getting an archive test build going for pie amd64

 16:35 <sbeattie> I need to spend some time reviewing outstanding apparmor patches

 16:35 <sbeattie> And the usual kernel triage rigamarole.

 16:35 <sbeattie> That's pretty much it for me; tyhicks?

 16:36 <tyhicks> I'm in the community role this week

 16:36 <tyhicks> I have some bug triage followup from last week

 16:36 <tyhicks> need to finish the mapplauncherd review and profile development

 16:36 <tyhicks> have some followup to do regarding a proposed eCryptfs kernel feature

 16:36 <tyhicks> AppArmor policy namespace management improvements

 16:37 <tyhicks> AppArmor policy loads inside of a user namespace

 16:37 <tyhicks> that's it for me

 16:37 <tyhicks> jjohansen: you're up

 16:38 <jjohansen> I am working on apparmor stacking and policy namespace improvements

 16:38 <jjohansen> I also need to spend a bit of time prepping for tomorrows apparmor meeting

 16:39 <jjohansen> I think that is it for me, sarnold you are up

 16:39 <sarnold> i'm on bug triage this week

 16:40 <sarnold> I'm reviewing some apparmor kernel patches and might get around to the parser and makefile patches this week, and I aim to start the .. uhh .. webserver in systemd MIR

 16:41 <sarnold> that should be it for me, if chrisccoulson is around then it's chrisccoulson's turn, if not back to tyhicks :)

 16:41 <chrisccoulson> I'm around :)

 16:41 <chrisccoulson> I should be doing a thunderbird update this week (I thought that would be last week). I don't have any other planned updates

 16:42 <chrisccoulson> Other than that, I'll be working through some Oxide reviews, as well as hopefully finishing off the camera implementation

 16:42 <chrisccoulson> I also hope to find time to get firefox symbol uploads automated again

 16:43 <chrisccoulson> that's me done

 16:43 <tyhicks> thanks!

 16:44 <tyhicks> [TOPIC] Highlighted packages

 16:44 <tyhicks> The Ubuntu Security team will highlight some community-supported packages that might be good candidates for updating and or triaging. If you would like to help Ubuntu and not sure where to start, this is a great way to do so.

 16:44 <tyhicks> See https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/UpdateProcedures for details and if you have any questions, feel free to ask in #ubuntu-security. To find out other ways of helping out, please see https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/GettingInvolved.

 16:44 <tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/k4dirstat.html

 16:44 <tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/pam-pgsql.html

 16:44 <tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/fwsnort.html

 16:44 <tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/ppmd.html

 16:44 <tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/libphp-adodb.html

 16:44 <tyhicks> [TOPIC] Miscellaneous and Questions

 16:44 <tyhicks> Does anyone have any other questions or items to discuss?

 16:48 <tyhicks> mdeslaur, sbeattie, jjohansen, sarnold, ChrisCoulson: Thanks!

 16:48 <tyhicks> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)