== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 05 Jul at 18:45 &mdash; 19:00 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2015/ubuntu-meeting.2015-07-05-18.45.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Forum Staff Meeting ===
The discussion about "Forum Staff Meeting" started at 18:49.

  * ''ACTION:'' slickymaster to start a thread in SCC, announcing the staff meeting date and hour

=== Fixed Agenda Items : AOB and Team Report ===
The discussion about "Fixed Agenda Items : AOB and Team Report" started at 18:56.




== Vote results ==




== Action items, by person ==

 * slickymaster
  * slickymaster to start a thread in SCC, announcing the staff meeting date and hour



== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * howefield (21)
 * slickymaster (14)
 * cariboo907 (9)
 * meetingology (5)
 * coffeecat (1)



== Full Log ==


 18:45 <howefield> #startmeeting

 18:45 <meetingology> Meeting started Sun Jul  5 18:45:54 2015 UTC.  The chair is howefield. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 18:45 <meetingology> 

 18:45 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 18:46 <howefield> #chairs cariboo907 coffeecat howefield slickymaster

 18:46 <cariboo907> o/

 18:46 <slickymaster> o/

 18:46 <coffeecat> o/

 18:46 <howefield> evening :)

 18:47 <howefield> nothing listed for "General Agenda Items and Proposals" https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ForumCouncilAgenda

 18:47 <slickymaster> nopes

 18:47 <cariboo907> were we going to have a bit of a discussion about the proposed Froum staff meeting?

 18:47 <howefield> does anyone have anything to bring up ?

 18:48 <howefield> can do :)

 18:48 <howefield> #chair cariboo907 coffeecat howefield slickymaster

 18:48 <meetingology> Current chairs: cariboo907 coffeecat howefield slickymaster

 18:48 <howefield> that's better

 18:49 <howefield> #topic Forum Staff Meeting

 18:49 <cariboo907> we have tentatively  set it up for July 18th at 20:00 UTC

 18:51 <howefield> we should post the date for staff feedback

 18:51 <slickymaster> it will be posted in SCC, this week, an official anouncement about it, I tjink

 18:51 <slickymaster> lol howefield

 18:51 <slickymaster> I can do that

 18:51 <howefield> wfm

 18:51 <slickymaster> do you want me to action that howefield?

 18:52 <howefield> well, I was waiting for an avalanche of others wanting to post it...

 18:52 <howefield> ;p

 18:53 <slickymaster> #action slickymaster to start a thread in SCC, announcing the staff meeting date and hour

 18:53 * meetingology slickymaster to start a thread in SCC, announcing the staff meeting date and hour

 18:54 <cariboo907> We should add something like this for those of us who are time zoned out http://www.timeanddate.com/worldclock/fixedtime.html?msg=Forum+Council+Meeting&iso=20150705T18&p1=1440&ah=1

 18:54 <howefield> +1

 18:55 <slickymaster> was planning to

 18:55 <cariboo907> thanks

 18:55 <howefield> ok, moving on.

 18:56 <howefield> #topic Fixed Agenda Items : AOB and Team Report

 18:56 <cariboo907> I can do the team report

 18:57 <howefield> thanks cariboo907

 18:57 <slickymaster> I don't have no other business

 18:57 <slickymaster> thanks for doing that cariboo907

 18:57 <howefield> ok, anyone else got anything to bring up before we close ?

 18:58 <cariboo907> it's been a while, but I should be able to muddle through :)

 18:58 <howefield> lol - before your holiday or after?

 18:58 <slickymaster> or during

 18:59 <cariboo907> I'll do it before I go :)

 18:59 <howefield> let's close, thanks everyone :)

 19:00 <cariboo907> +1

 19:00 <slickymaster> thanks howefield, cariboo907, cariboo907

 19:00 <slickymaster> lol

 19:00 <slickymaster> coffeecat:

 19:00 <howefield> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)