== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 19 Mar at 15:02 &mdash; 15:22 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2015/ubuntu-meeting.2015-03-19-15.02.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning round ===
The discussion about "Lightning round" started at 15:02.


=== AOB ===
The discussion about "AOB" started at 15:17.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * slangasek (30)
 * mvo (23)
 * bdmurray (19)
 * robru (15)
 * jodh (15)
 * infinity (13)
 * stgraber (13)
 * ubottu (12)
 * caribou (12)
 * cyphermox (11)
 * doko (9)
 * xnox (6)
 * barry (5)
 * meetingology (3)



== Full Log ==


 15:02 <slangasek> #startmeeting

 15:02 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Mar 19 15:02:08 2015 UTC.  The chair is slangasek. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 15:02 <meetingology> 

 15:02 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 15:02 <slangasek> [TOPIC] Lightning round

 15:02 <slangasek> $ echo $(shuf -e barry doko stgraber jodh bdmurray slangasek caribou infinity mvo sil2100 robru cyphermox)

 15:02 <slangasek> bdmurray cyphermox doko sil2100 jodh mvo stgraber barry slangasek infinity caribou robru

 15:02 <slangasek> bdmurray: tag

 15:02 <bdmurray> investigation into daisy bug LP: #1431796 (only one thread in ThreadStacktace)

 15:02 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1431796 in Errors "Only one thread shown in Thread Stacktrace" [High,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1431796

 15:02 <bdmurray> fixed errors bug LP: #1431796 (not displaying threadstacktrace)

 15:02 <bdmurray> resolved issues with whoopsie-preferences upstream branch (out of date and changes not uploaded to vivid)

 15:02 <bdmurray> tested gunicorn change of worker_class from gevent to sync to resolve too many interim responses issue

 15:03 <bdmurray> updated daisy-charm with worker_class change for gunicorn

 15:03 <bdmurray> submitted RT to have daisy charm updated so we can test worker_class change in staging

 15:03 <bdmurray> tested / worked with webops regarding gunicorn worker_class changes (seems good)

 15:03 <bdmurray> fixed an issue with the way daisy returned EoL error message and worker_class = sync

 15:03 <bdmurray> searched for strange stacktrace endings

 15:03 <bdmurray> tested DayBucketProposedCounts for recording crashes from -proposed users

 15:03 <bdmurray> updated oops-repository package in daisy-pluckers PPA (DayBucketsProposedCount)

 15:03 <bdmurray> submitted RT regarding updating oops-repository and daisy on staging

 15:03 <bdmurray> submitted merge proposal regarding component-mismatches svg (show team name)

 15:03 <bdmurray> worked on component-mismatch improvements (showing uploader)

 15:03 <bdmurray> uploaded apport SRU to enable automatic crash reporting from Trusty (LP: #1431058)

 15:03 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1431058 in apport (Ubuntu Trusty) "Stable Release Update to provide possiblity of automatically reporting crashes" [Medium,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1431058

 15:03 <bdmurray> investigation into apport bug LP: #1300235 (chromium-browser crashes reported about init)

 15:03 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1300235 in chromium-browser (Ubuntu) "init (chromium-browser) crashed with SIGSEGV" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1300235

 15:03 <bdmurray> submitted apport merge proposal fixing apport part of bug LP: #1300235

 15:03 <bdmurray> verified that bug LP: #1419061 is fixed

 15:03 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1419061 in ubuntukylin-default-settings (Ubuntu) "On Ubuntu Kylin detect all packages as not genuine" [High,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1419061

 15:03 <bdmurray> ✔ done

 15:03 <cyphermox> * reviewing/testing installer multipath patches in bug 1430074

 15:03 <cyphermox> * upload partman-base, partman-multipath, grub-installer with multipath fixes

 15:03 <cyphermox> * testing and review for post-boot multipath delays and issues:

 15:03 <ubottu> bug 1430074 in debian-installer (Ubuntu) "fix handling of multipathed disks" [Critical,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1430074

 15:03 <cyphermox> - Multipath devices take long to initialize during initramfs (bug 1431650)

 15:03 <cyphermox> - system drops to initramfs after install on multipath disk (bug 1429327)

 15:03 <cyphermox> - Ship the default /etc/multipath.conf on multipath-tools-boot (bug 1432062)

 15:03 <ubottu> bug 1431650 in multipath-tools (Ubuntu) "Multipath devices take long to initialize during initramfs" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1431650

 15:03 <ubottu> bug 1429327 in debian-installer (Ubuntu) "ISST-LTE: system drops to initramfs after install on multipath disk" [Undecided,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1429327

 15:03 <ubottu> bug 1432062 in multipath-tools (Ubuntu) "Ship the default /etc/multipath.conf on multipath-tools-boot (for user_friendly_names)" [Medium,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1432062

 15:04 <cyphermox> ^ I got some good results last night with changes to the multipath-tools udev rules

 15:04 <cyphermox> * reviewed urfkill pull request to fix new issues with flight mode and WWAN.

 15:04 <cyphermox> * silo for urfkill

 15:04 <cyphermox> * patch for NM connection selection bug, wrong context for IMSI (bug 1431471)

 15:04 <ubottu> bug 1431471 in network-manager (Ubuntu) "NetworkManager uses ofono GPRS contexts for wrong SIM" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1431471

 15:04 <cyphermox> (done)

 15:04 <doko> meh, still difference in summer time ... (I'll go last, and will be forgotten ...)

 15:05 <slangasek> hmm :)

 15:05 <slangasek> sil2100 is off sick

 15:05 <slangasek> jodh:

 15:05 <jodh> * snappy

 15:05 <jodh> - lp:~jamesodhunt/snappy/logger

 15:05 <jodh> - Reworked after further review, including new tests.

 15:05 <jodh> - Created packaging branch for the juju "loggo" golang logger,

 15:05 <jodh> required for the snappy logger branch:

 15:05 <jodh> https://github.com/jamesodhunt/loggo.git

 15:05 <jodh> - Reworked lp:~jamesodhunt/snappy/privileged-operations (also with new tests).

 15:05 <jodh> * upstart

 15:05 <jodh> - Bug 1429756

 15:05 <ubottu> bug 1429756 in linux (Ubuntu Vivid) "FTBFS: upstart test_job_process fails in majority of cases / Kernel returning unexpected EIO at end of file" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1429756

 15:05 <jodh> - Collaborated with apw.

 15:05 <jodh> - Lots of testing.

 15:05 <jodh> - Wrote a C program + test script that surfaces the timing issue without

 15:05 <jodh> upstart+libnih: https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/upstart/+bug/1429756/comments/13

 15:06 <jodh> - Tested on a 3.18, 3.19 and modified 3.19 kernels.

 15:06 <jodh> ວ໌

 15:06 <mvo> apt:

 15:06 <mvo> - Debug http errors on azure with smoser

 15:06 <mvo> - Look into size tracking bug (#777565)

 15:06 <mvo> - Merge debian/sid fixes for vivid and FFe (#1431877)

 15:06 <mvo> - New 1.0.9.7ubuntu1 uplaod (matches the debian 7 version)

 15:06 <mvo> - Trusty SRU for #1429041

 15:06 <mvo> software-center:

 15:06 <mvo> - debug/fix install issue with aftershot pro2 from the store

 15:06 <mvo> - identify a bunch of similra incorrect meta-data for apps in the

 15:06 <mvo> store that prevents installing them and fix them

 15:06 <mvo> snappy:

 15:06 <mvo> - native build and unpack landed in snappy-go, major step in

 15:06 <mvo> reducing the external dependencies

 15:06 <mvo> - lots of features, fixes, cleanup

 15:06 <mvo> - package/upload golang-ar

 15:06 <mvo> - discuss/implement new hashes support

 15:06 <mvo> - look into oem snap dtb handling

 15:06 <mvo> software-properties:

 15:06 <mvo> Help Brian with software-properties-gtk questions

 15:06 <mvo> misc:

 15:06 <mvo> - trainguard duty

 15:06 <mvo> - performance review

 15:06 <mvo> (done)

 15:06 <stgraber> - LXC/LXD

 15:06 <stgraber> - Released LXC 1.1.1 on Monday

 15:06 <stgraber> - Released LXD 0.4 on Tuesday

 15:06 <stgraber> - Various bugfixes and feature work on LXC and LXD

 15:06 <stgraber> - Code reviews, bug triaging, other admin paperwork

 15:06 <stgraber> - Now working on 0.5, due Tuesday (bugfix release)

 15:06 <stgraber> - Looked into a LXC security issue (related to Seccomp)

 15:06 <stgraber> - Still waiting on LXD-related FFes (archive is currently on barely usable LXD 0.1)

 15:07 <stgraber> - system-image

 15:07 <stgraber> - code reviews (some more to do this week too)

 15:07 <stgraber> - Other

 15:07 <stgraber> - Booked travel to Austin sprint

 15:07 <stgraber> (done)

 15:07 <barry> qa sprint

 15:07 <barry> (done)

 15:09 <infinity> slangasek: ?

 15:09 <barry> slangasek: back to you

 15:09 <slangasek> was still reading scrollback ;)

 15:09 <barry> and mine was so short! :)

 15:10 <slangasek> * snappy: working on the developer story, how to cross-build a snap

 15:10 <slangasek> * review season continues, look for 1:1 invites coming soon

 15:10 <slangasek> * spent a bit of time on proposed-migration stalls, fixing maas (bug #1433697) to unblock syslinux and removing some never-gonna-build packages that are broken in Debian unstable

 15:10 <ubottu> bug 1433697 in MAAS "maas depends on syslinux-dev, removed upstream" [Critical,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1433697

 15:10 <slangasek> * worked with robru on debugging uci-engine bootstrap issues

 15:10 <slangasek> * sprint planning: we have a date and a location

 15:10 <slangasek> * discussions with IBM about multipath-related bugs for 15.04

 15:10 <slangasek> (done)

 15:10 <infinity> * Lots more glibc mangling, should be uploading today

 15:10 <infinity> * Wrangle some transitions out of proposed

 15:10 <infinity> * Work with didrocks (after a conversation with xnox) on restructuring the upstart package split

 15:10 <infinity> * General AA and SRU things

 15:10 <infinity> * Argue with Canonical VPN configs

 15:10 <infinity> * Discussions with Colin/William about bugcontrol versus series nomination

 15:10 <infinity> * Work on planning the vivid release sprint

 15:10 <infinity> (done)

 15:11 <caribou> Bugfix :

 15:11 <caribou> - Investigating rsyslog memory leak on Trusty : running stress tests

 15:11 <caribou> * Noticed small leak (~27Mb) on trusty (got help from infinity)

 15:11 <caribou> * Running stress tests to reproduce (need to open bug for this one)

 15:11 <caribou> - Instance left in dying state : setting Havana test environment

 15:11 <caribou> Continued work on backport of runlevel S kdump fix over trusty for testing

 15:11 <xnox> infinity: note that smoser opened critical - that ADT testing fails as it tries to boot things with upstart, whilst systemd-sysv is installed and that fails.

 15:11 <caribou> Preparation for CTS sprint

 15:11 <caribou> sosreport juju plugin enhancement

 15:11 <caribou> Need to book travel before CTS sprint

 15:11 <xnox> infinity: marked as duplicate of the master bug.

 15:11 <caribou> (done)

 15:11 <robru> * CI Train

 15:11 <robru> - Implemented 'dirty silo' notification -- when one silo is published/merged, other silos containing conflicting packages are marked dirty so that people know not to QA them until they've been rebuilt

 15:11 <robru> - Rewrote migration job from scratch with 100% test coverage, bringing the overall total test coverage up from 85% to 90%

 15:11 <robru> - various tweaks and improvements in error reporting, logging, pylint cleanups

 15:11 <robru> - significantly improved the clarity of the error message for the case when you try to publish a silo that contains a package that hasn't been built yet.

 15:11 <robru> - cleaned up the code that generates package diffs (code used to call debdiff 3 different times 3 different ways, now it just calls it once and processes the output 3 different ways as necessary)

 15:11 <robru> * lp:cupstream2distro-config

 15:11 <robru> - dropped some transitional flags that haven't been used in nearly a year, shrinking the size of the entire project by 1/6th

 15:11 <robru> * CI Engine

 15:11 <robru> - continuing to bumble through deployment issues, not much luck.

 15:11 <robru> (done)

 15:12 <infinity> xnox: You have bug numbers?  I was basing this work on our conversation, not on actual reported bugs.

 15:12 <xnox> infinity: yes, we have bugs =) https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/upstart/+bug/1422681

 15:12 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1422681 in upstart (Ubuntu) "split out upstart-sysv" [Undecided,Triaged]

 15:12 <infinity> xnox: Ta.

 15:13 <xnox> infinity: note that bug report has irc log pastes in it ;-)

 15:13 <infinity> xnox: Even better.

 15:13 <xnox> infinity: well, paraphrased.

 15:13 <xnox> smoser: links to _actual_ logs in the duplicate bug.

 15:13 <slangasek> robru: dirty silo notifications> great!  btw, I guess there's still nothing that prevents two conflicting silos being submitted to QA in parallel, even though only one of these will be published?

 15:13 <slangasek> robru: which flags were transitional?

 15:13 <slangasek> caribou: your turn

 15:14 <caribou> slangasek: done already

 15:14 <doko> before somebody forgets me ...

 15:14 <doko> - finally updated openjdk-8

 15:14 <doko> - look at firefox ftbfs on arm64, reduce test case, file issue

 15:14 <doko> - look at linux ftbfs on ppc64el, gcc dropping -m32 (but why do we need 32bit support)

 15:14 <doko> - test ceph bugfix on armhf

 15:14 <doko> - fix auto pkg test for kde packages

 15:14 <doko> - migrations, vivid ftbfs fixes, ...

 15:14 <doko> - more GCC 5 work

 15:14 <slangasek> caribou: oh yes, failing to read my list (or scrollback) sorry

 15:14 <robru> slangasek: indeed, nothing is in place to stop two built silos from going to QA in parallel; QA will have to just know not to QA the same package in two different silos. but once one gets published the other is immediately marked dirty

 15:15 <caribou> slangasek: np

 15:15 <robru> slangasek: and the transitional flags were 'daily_release: False' and 'use_stack_ppa: False', ancient stuff from way way back when ci train was first brought online.

 15:15 <slangasek> robru: interesting, thanks

 15:16 <robru> slangasek: note that lp:cupstream2distro-config is different (and currently unrelated to) lp:cupstream2distro

 15:16 <slangasek> oh, ok

 15:17 <slangasek> [TOPIC] AOB

 15:17 <slangasek> anything else?

 15:17 <robru> slangasek: they were related pre-train but they've diverged since the train went online.

 15:18 <slangasek> anyone with spare cycles could put them to use on helping to get the archive in shape for 15.04: http://people.ubuntuwire.org/~wgrant/rebuild-ftbfs-test/test-rebuild-20150202-vivid.html http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses.html

 15:18 <slangasek> a lot of packages stuck in -proposed right now

 15:19 <infinity> Looking forward to the relaxation of build failure hunting once I'm done with other tasks.

 15:20 <slangasek> :)

 15:20 <barry> indeed :)

 15:22 <slangasek> ok, sounds like that's it then

 15:22 <slangasek> get your travel requests in for the sprint! :)

 15:22 <slangasek> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)