== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 05 Feb at 17:02 &mdash; 17:59 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2015/ubuntu-meeting.2015-02-05-17.02.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Community Council catch up with the Technical Board ===
The discussion about "Community Council catch up with the Technical Board" started at 17:03.

  * ''LINK:'' https://lists.ubuntu.com/mailman/listinfo/technical-board 

=== Community Council catch up with the LoCo Council ===
The discussion about "Community Council catch up with the LoCo Council" started at 17:22.


=== Any other business ===
The discussion about "Any other business" started at 17:54.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * dholbach (71)
 * elfy (46)
 * jose (39)
 * nhaines (23)
 * mdeslaur (20)
 * pleia2 (18)
 * PabloRubianes (16)
 * czajkowski (12)
 * mhall119 (9)
 * meetingology (4)
 * popey (2)



== Full Log ==


 17:02 <elfy> #startmeeting

 17:02 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Feb  5 17:02:21 2015 UTC.  The chair is elfy. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 17:02 <meetingology> 

 17:02 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 17:02 <elfy> #chair mhall119 dholbach pleia2

 17:02 <meetingology> Current chairs: dholbach elfy mhall119 pleia2

 17:02 <mdeslaur> hello

 17:03 <elfy> #topic Community Council catch up with the Technical Board

 17:03 <dholbach> hey mdeslaur

 17:03 <dholbach> do we have anyone else from the TB here?

 17:04 <dholbach> mdeslaur, how are you doing? how are things on the TB?

 17:04 <mdeslaur> I'm doing great!

 17:04 <mdeslaur> Nothing much happening with the TB...nobody's coming up with anything controversial :P

 17:04 <dholbach> really=?

 17:04 <dholbach> I was now hoping to hear the newest from you :)

 17:05 <mhall119> o/

 17:05 <mdeslaur> most of what we're doing is microrelease exceptions

 17:05 <dholbach> or I would've thought that cloud, phone, snappy and everything else would keep the TB busy :)

 17:06 <dholbach> so it's not like the TB members are collapsing under the load of work items?

 17:06 <dholbach> TB work items

 17:07 <mdeslaur> hehe, no, not at all :)

 17:07 <mdeslaur> all that stuff is being done in the archive with the well established procedures...nothing much to discuss there

 17:07 <dholbach> I'm just going through the backlog on the mailing list... is that were most of the discussion is happening?

 17:07 <mdeslaur> dholbach: yes

 17:08 <mhall119> mdeslaur: I know some flavors were concerned about things like Qt landings and balancing the needs of Unity 8 and KDE, how is that being managed?

 17:08 <mdeslaur> mhall119: nobody has brought that to the attention of the tech board

 17:09 <mdeslaur> if there are difficulties there, by all means, bring it up on the list

 17:09 <dholbach> mhall119, that's my main take-away from this meeting: encourage others to create work items for the TB

 17:09 <mhall119> mdeslaur: I think it's more coordination concerns than difficulties

 17:09 <dholbach> that's what I'm going to do from now on :)

 17:09 <elfy> I know that Xubuntu have just been caught with QT5 in 14.04.2

 17:10 <elfy> suddenly there's a whole bunch of stuff we weren't expecting to see in our images

 17:10 <mhall119> what is Xubuntu doing with Qt5?

 17:10 <elfy> indeed

 17:10 <dholbach> mdeslaur, would you think that the TB could be a good group to help coordinate landing like this?

 17:11 <mdeslaur> elfy: oh? what caused that?

 17:11 <elfy> mdeslaur: not sure yet - we don't want unity-greeter either :)

 17:11 <dholbach> ah, so maybe a depends/recommends change?

 17:11 <elfy> I assume so

 17:11 <mdeslaur> dholbach: if there are disageements or concerns about the best way to process, definitely

 17:11 <mdeslaur> s/process/proceed/

 17:12 * dholbach nods

 17:14 <dholbach> this is just a personal question from my own interest: after having noticed a couple of issues recently, I started a conversation with teams who ask users to use PPAs (which in a lot of cases is just fine) - do you think the TB would also be a good place to discuss this to see if we can improve some processes/tools/rules?

 17:15 <dholbach> apart from that I'm happy and don't have more questions - it's good if there's little work for the TB, because it also means that nobody's blocking on the TB :)

 17:16 <mdeslaur> dholbach: sure, feel free to bring it up on the list

 17:16 <mdeslaur> dholbach: well, we have little work currently, but that doesn't mean we won't get stuff to look at in the near future

 17:16 <pleia2> mdeslaur: do you have any concerns about how quiet things have been for the TB?

 17:17 <dholbach> mdeslaur, is there anything where you feel the CC could help out - or any questions you have for us?

 17:17 <mdeslaur> pleia2: not at all, it means things are working well :)

 17:17 <pleia2> great

 17:18 <dholbach> elfy, mhall119: do you have any more questions for mdeslaur? :)

 17:18 <mdeslaur> dholbach: I can't think of anything at the moment, but we won't hesitate to speak up if we do think of something

 17:18 <elfy> nope - I'm happy if he is

 17:18 <dholbach> haha :)

 17:18 <mdeslaur> again, please don't hesitate to bring stuff up on the tech board list

 17:18 <elfy> I don't actually know where that is

 17:19 <elfy> nor can I find it :)

 17:19 <dholbach> https://lists.ubuntu.com/mailman/listinfo/technical-board

 17:19 <mdeslaur> ah, dholbach is faster than me :)

 17:19 <elfy> ty dholbach :)

 17:19 <dholbach> mdeslaur = source of elfy's happiness

 17:19 <dholbach> brilliant

 17:19 <mdeslaur> hehe

 17:19 <elfy> heh

 17:20 <elfy> I'll come back next time as hobgoblin - see how you get on then

 17:20 <dholbach> thanks a lot mdeslaur for making time and thanks for your overall brilliant work :)

 17:20 <mdeslaur> thanks for inviting me!

 17:20 <elfy> yep - thanks mdeslaur

 17:21 <dholbach> who do we have here from the LoCo Council?

 17:21 <dholbach> I saw nhaines

 17:21 <elfy> was he here?

 17:21 <elfy> :)

 17:21 <nhaines> Who told you?!

 17:22 <dholbach> let me know when you're done with peekaboo :)

 17:22 <czajkowski> heh

 17:22 <dholbach> hey czajkowski

 17:22 <czajkowski> ello

 17:22 <czajkowski> sorry for the delay meetings ran over

 17:22 <elfy> #topic Community Council catch up with the LoCo Council

 17:22 <dholbach> anyone else from the LC?

 17:22 <PabloRubianes> Here!

 17:22 <dholbach> hey hey PabloRubianes

 17:22 <PabloRubianes> hello

 17:22 <pleia2> hey PabloRubianes and nhaines

 17:23 <elfy> hi PabloRubianes

 17:23 <dholbach> how are things - how are you all doing?

 17:23 <jose> hello!

 17:23 <czajkowski> PabloRubianes: jose nhaines aloha

 17:23 <elfy> hi jose

 17:23 <nhaines> Well, I'm pretty new, but so far things are going pretty smoothly.

 17:23 <PabloRubianes> after the restaffing I think we are better

 17:23 <elfy> that's good PabloRubianes

 17:24 <dholbach> that's good to hear - how is the general level of craziness? are you very busy right now in the LC?

 17:24 <elfy> PabloRubianes: though it's going to start pretty soon again for you all :)

 17:24 <jose> believe it or not, we aren't that much busy. we've got a couple reverification cases open

 17:24 <jose> the global jam hasn't brought us crazy, which is good

 17:25 <dholbach> how were the preparations going for UGJ?

 17:25 <jose> the meetings we had with you and the on-air session went good, I got to email my part of the world

 17:25 <jose> but didn't get a single reply

 17:25 <nhaines> I didn't get a reply from my mailing either.

 17:26 <nhaines> On the other hand, the number of registered sessions did go up.

 17:26 <dholbach> did you mail people or mailing lists?

 17:26 <nhaines> I emailed only people.

 17:26 <jose> I emailed people (as per my understanding on the draft)

 17:26 * dholbach nods

 17:26 <dholbach> Bhavani did both, I think :)

 17:26 <PabloRubianes> the thing is some loco admins are gone

 17:27 <PabloRubianes> we come up with this last year when we contact all LoCos

 17:27 <nhaines> Yeah, I'd like to see about doing some housekeeping and getting a better pulse on the health of our LoCos.

 17:27 <jose> we tried to do some housekeeping last year, but it didn't go that well... several teams didn't reply

 17:28 <jose> we got hit by launchpad limits, it was a bit of a mess, but we got through it

 17:28 <dholbach> do you think it could work to mail the mailing lists and explain that you, as the LoCo Council would be happy to help out, if there's questions to get the team back up and running, ie get new folks in the driving seat

 17:28 <nhaines> jose: I'll go through the archives then.

 17:28 <dholbach> like in cases, where we know nobody of the contacts/admins replied in ages

 17:28 <jose> I guess that could work, but we'd have to do another census

 17:29 <jose> also, I believe the problem with teams and subteams is solved by now

 17:29 <nhaines> I think that would be a good idea, though.  When we have team that are abandoned, it can discourage newcomers from joining in.

 17:29 <dholbach> now we just need more events and more activity :)

 17:30 <czajkowski> jose: great stuff

 17:31 <jose> he haven't been hit by 'major stuff' that I can think of, or did we?

 17:31 <nhaines> Not since the subteams thing.

 17:31 <PabloRubianes> jose: no

 17:31 <PabloRubianes> that was really mayor

 17:31 <elfy> well I for one am glad that's done and dusted

 17:31 <nhaines> elfy: +1

 17:31 <PabloRubianes> elfy: +100000000000

 17:32 <jose> even though we got back hit by some stuff, +1.

 17:32 <PabloRubianes> also we could try to finaly get LoCo Summit done for next circle maybe

 17:32 <elfy> jose: maybe so - but it was something that's probably really needed to be dealt with for a long time

 17:32 <dholbach> apart from the teams which never got back to you, do you have good feeling of who the really active LoCos are?

 17:32 <jose> yep!

 17:33 <jose> eh, we would need to set some criterias

 17:33 <jose> but I believe the ones that post in the planet are quite active

 17:33 <dholbach> ah yes, maybe - but I was thinking more of gut feeling

 17:33 <elfy> dholbach: that's probably going to be more useful

 17:33 <dholbach> I was just wondering if those people get together across loco teams every now and then

 17:33 <PabloRubianes> dholbach:I don't see the excitement that used to be arround ubuntu

 17:34 <dholbach> too discuss ideas, plans, events and stuff they're doing

 17:34 <jose> I believe there was a peak of activity a couple cycles ago, and it's been decreasing since. the excitement is definitely not the same since it's 'something usual' now

 17:35 <dholbach> PabloRubianes, I think I know what you mean... for a lot of people "Ubuntu is working well" and "Ubuntu has been around for a while"

 17:35 <jose> +1

 17:35 <dholbach> although a lot of great stuff is happening

 17:35 <dholbach> like who would've thought 10 years ago there'd be an Ubuntu phone :)

 17:35 <PabloRubianes> dholbach:also "it just works"

 17:35 <nhaines> It's a bit hard to shake that.  The phone and tablet stuff might've helped, but it's been 3 years with no products, and convergence is another 2 years away.

 17:35 <dholbach> or "Ubuntu on your fridge" would become a possibility :)

 17:35 <popey> \o/ Toasters

 17:35 <elfy> re UJG https://wiki.ubuntu.com/UbuntuGlobalJam/Events - the events links to 2012 ...

 17:36 <elfy> popey: lol

 17:36 <jose> elfy: we use the ltp for that now

 17:36 <nhaines> So hopefully we'll start to see excitement pick up as products start hitting the shelves so to speak.  :)

 17:36 <jose> popey: you promised a toaster! give me one!

 17:36 <PabloRubianes> dholbach: also apart from the phone, the desktop looks stuck that get people off

 17:36 <jose> oh, the general link

 17:36 <elfy> jose: mmm - was the first thing I found when searching just now

 17:36 <PabloRubianes> I see that in my LoCo

 17:36 <popey> jose: it needs to beat this to be a toaster I want :) http://www.dualit.com/products/toasters-kettles

 17:37 <dholbach> nhaines, yeah - I agree - maybe for that it'd help to bring people from active LoCos together to discuss stuff they're doing and share that

 17:37 <nhaines> dholbach: that might work.  A lot of people want LoCos to be Ubuntu User Groups and well... they're not.  :)

 17:37 <dholbach> PabloRubianes, the desktop and unity team work very hard on bringing unity8 to desktops, but yes - people get to feel that a lot of resources were focused on the phone :)

 17:37 <nhaines> So refocusing on advocacy might be nice.  vivid looks like a nice, boring, awesome release that could be fun to promote!

 17:37 <jose> problem with the phone, for example, is that it took a bit to get to the market. and now it's limited to some markets

 17:38 <dholbach> nhaines, I, personally, wouldn't let myself get disturbed by that - as long as there are local Ubuntu groups doing good stuff :)

 17:38 <mhall119> sorry, sudden grandmother visit, had to step away for a few

 17:38 <mhall119> but I'm back now

 17:38 <elfy> :)

 17:38 <dholbach> jose, sure, but that'll change :)

 17:38 <jose> e.g., people in Peru were excited about buying one two years ago, but now that one's been released and they can't buy it they feel a bit discouraged

 17:38 <jose> let's hope so.

 17:38 <jose> the time between one point and another one made the excitement fade away

 17:39 <nhaines> dholbach: oh, I think they should be advocacy groups primarily.  :)  Although perhaps user groups might be something worth expanding to.

 17:39 <jose> now, there's something that does worry me around the LC

 17:39 <PabloRubianes> dholbach: yes I hope Unity8 bring excitement with it

 17:39 <elfy> jose: what's that ?

 17:40 <dholbach> how partners and mobile companies respond to the phone is one thing, but I still think we can do more in terms of helping local teams do good stuff :)

 17:40 <jose> so, we have two members that are MIA. One of them just replies to emails occasionally and is always travelling, and the other one is just MIA, though he posts to facebook and G+, no email replies on his side.

 17:41 <pleia2> how long have they been MIA?

 17:41 <jose> I'd like to discuss the second case privately, but it's something that's hitting us. with the restaffing we're moving better, but we've still got MIA people

 17:41 <jose> pleia2: since last year? probably november

 17:41 <czajkowski> jose: feel free to drop us an email

 17:41 <jose> before the subteams issue

 17:41 <pleia2> I know we talked about this a few months ago, but a couple folks piped up to say they'd just been busy

 17:41 * pleia2 nods

 17:42 * elfy does too

 17:42 <dholbach> yeah, I think we can deal with that together and find a solution

 17:42 <czajkowski> +1

 17:42 <mhall119> IIRC, one or both of them are due to expire this spring anyway, is that correct?

 17:42 * jose checks

 17:42 <jose> one of them is about to expire, in like a couple months

 17:42 <czajkowski> it's ok we can take it to the mailing list

 17:43 <jose> and the other one is set to expire by the end of the year, with my term

 17:43 <jose> yep, I'd prefer that.

 17:43 <pleia2> ok

 17:43 <PabloRubianes> I am expiring in spring/autumn

 17:43 <elfy> 2 expire in April

 17:43 <dholbach> I think we have a list of upcoming restaffing activities, but if you want to be sure, drop us a mail

 17:43 <elfy> 3 in October

 17:45 <dholbach> so yeah, I want to say again, that I was very happy with the public planning hangout - maybe we can do that again for the next set of activities or crazy ideas - and invite the active teams along

 17:45 <dholbach> what excites me personally is reports like from the Myanmar or Mauritius team who post lots of pictures, etc :)

 17:45 <jose> definitely! but always bare in mind that we have a 10 people hard limit on Hangouts

 17:45 <dholbach> right

 17:46 <nhaines> dholbach: the hangout was fun and I'd love to do it again.  :)

 17:46 <dholbach> +1

 17:46 <nhaines> If we can get enough people in IRC then someone can just read from IRC.

 17:46 <dholbach> sure, that'd work too

 17:47 <elfy> can someone join the hangout and just be not on camera and able to comment in the hangout chat only

 17:47 <elfy> and NOT count in the 10?

 17:47 <dholbach> I don't think so

 17:48 <jose> nope

 17:48 <elfy> ok

 17:48 <jose> 10 people, whether they speak or not

 17:48 <nhaines> Sounds like a job for unholy combinations of Mumble and Hangouts.  :)

 17:48 <dholbach> but maybe there could also be some discussion on the list and then smaller teams hangout and talk about subsets of topics?

 17:48 <dholbach> sorry, I feel like my obsession with cross-pollination is taking up the meeting :)

 17:49 <pleia2> hah

 17:49 <nhaines> Collaboration drives good things.  :)

 17:49 <dholbach> so let's see if they can do something in this regard in this cycle

 17:49 <dholbach> I'm happy to help where I can, and I'm sure that's true for the rest of the CC as well :)

 17:49 <elfy> of course

 17:50 <jose> thanks :)

 17:50 <dholbach> brilliant :)

 17:50 <dholbach> does anyone else have any questions? do you have questions for the CC?

 17:51 <elfy> I've nothing for the LC

 17:51 <nhaines> No, for the very short amount of time I've been on the LC, I've been very happy to see that you're there if we need you.  :)

 17:51 <pleia2> thanks jose, PabloRubianes and nhaines :)

 17:51 <PabloRubianes> thanks people!

 17:51 <nhaines> Thanks for checking in with us.  :)

 17:51 <dholbach> rock and roll!

 17:51 <elfy> thanks PabloRubianes jose nhaines

 17:52 <dholbach> thanks a lot :)

 17:52 <jose> always a pleasure to have a chat with you guys :)

 17:52 <jose> thanks for the continuous support!

 17:52 <nhaines> +1

 17:52 <elfy> that's nice to know jose :)

 17:52 <mhall119> thanks to all the LC

 17:54 <pleia2> #topic Any other business

 17:54 <pleia2> we've had 2 of the 7 CC interviews published now

 17:54 <elfy> \o/

 17:54 <pleia2> dholbach, czajkowski, mhall119 - I still need yours :)

 17:54 <mhall119> I know :(

 17:55 <dholbach> yes, same here :)

 17:55 <pleia2> I'll try to track down YokoZar too, I fear he's been eaten by first-year-at-employer

 17:55 <elfy> you can get away with almost anything in them :)

 17:55 <pleia2> lol

 17:55 <elfy> pleia2: ha ha

 17:56 <czajkowski> pleia2: I've added it to my calendar for tomorrow

 17:56 <czajkowski> block booked an hour

 17:56 <czajkowski> its the only way

 17:56 <czajkowski> :)

 17:56 <elfy> :)

 17:56 <pleia2> hehe

 17:56 <pleia2> thanks

 17:56 * dholbach hugs pleia2

 17:56 <dholbach> thanks a lot for taking care of that :)

 17:57 <nhaines> Yeah, they're fascinating to read.

 17:58 <pleia2> glad to hear it

 17:58 <pleia2> that's all I had :)

 17:58 <dholbach> I'm alls set now too

 17:58 <elfy> nothing here

 17:59 <elfy> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)