== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting: Community Council meeting, 01 Oct at 17:01 &mdash; 18:12 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2015/ubuntu-meeting.2015-10-01-17.01.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Catching up with the Ubuntu Mate team ===
The discussion about "Catching up with the Ubuntu Mate team" started at 17:02.

  * ''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/UbuntuBugControl 
  * ''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/BugSquad/GettingInvolved 
  * ''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/UbuntuDevelopment/NewPackages - let me know if you have any more specific questions
  * ''LINK:'' https://plus.google.com/u/0/115515624056477014971/posts/8H1UtDv5FEM 

=== Catching up with the Lubuntu team ===
The discussion about "Catching up with the Lubuntu team" started at 17:34.


=== Any other business? ===
The discussion about "Any other business?" started at 18:06.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * flexiondotorg (152)
 * dholbach (112)
 * wxl (97)
 * mhall119 (40)
 * gilir (11)
 * pleia2 (8)
 * popey (6)
 * meetingology (4)
 * cprofitt (3)
 * tsimonq2 (2)
 * czajkowski (0)



== Full Log ==


 17:01 <dholbach> #startmeeting Community Council meeting

 17:01 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Oct  1 17:01:27 2015 UTC.  The chair is dholbach. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 17:01 <meetingology> 

 17:01 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 17:01 <dholbach> #chair pleia2 mhall119 cprofitt czajkowski

 17:01 <meetingology> Current chairs: cprofitt czajkowski dholbach mhall119 pleia2

 17:01 <mhall119> o/

 17:01 <pleia2> o/

 17:02 <dholbach> today we are catching up with the Ubuntu Mate and Lubuntu teams (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/CommunityCouncilAgenda)

 17:02 <dholbach> #topic Catching up with the Ubuntu Mate team

 17:02 <dholbach> hey flexiondotorg - how are things in the Ubuntu Mate world?

 17:02 <flexiondotorg> Pretty great :-)

 17:02 <flexiondotorg> I have some questions, but before I do.

 17:03 <dholbach> sure, go ahead :)

 17:03 <flexiondotorg> I thought a quick background and status of the project would be useful.

 17:03 <pleia2> perfect

 17:03 <flexiondotorg> #### Objectives

 17:03 <flexiondotorg> Ubuntu MATE has a number of guiding objectives and goals.

 17:03 <flexiondotorg> * Accessible to all, regardless of language and physical ability.

 17:03 <flexiondotorg> * Increase both Ubuntu and MATE Desktop user adoption.

 17:03 <flexiondotorg> * Ubuntu alternative for computers that aren't powerful enough to run a composited desktop.

 17:03 <flexiondotorg> * First choice Ubuntu platform for remote workstation solutions such as LTSP and X2Go.

 17:03 <flexiondotorg> * Recreate the halcyon days of Ubuntu for users who prefer a traditional desktop metaphor.

 17:03 <flexiondotorg> * Use themes and artwork similar to Ubuntu so that Ubuntu MATE is immediately familiar.

 17:03 <flexiondotorg> * When possible contribute to Debian so both the Debian and Ubuntu communities benefit.

 17:03 <flexiondotorg> * Software selection will favour functionality and stability over lightness and whimsy.

 17:03 <flexiondotorg> * Get adopted as an official Ubuntu "flavour".

 17:03 <flexiondotorg> With 15.10 we are meeting all those goals.

 17:04 <flexiondotorg> We've worked with the Accessible Computing Foundation to get the ensorsement that Ubuntu MATE is accessible.

 17:04 <cprofitt> sounds good.

 17:04 <flexiondotorg> I made Ubuntu MATE to re-create the Ubuntu experience my family had grown acustomed.

 17:04 <flexiondotorg> I switched them from Window XP to Ubuntu 6.06.

 17:04 <flexiondotorg> My wife, daughter, mother, father and in-laws all run Ubuntu MATE.

 17:05 <flexiondotorg> Turns out making something for my family proved very popular :-)

 17:05 <flexiondotorg> My mum is the most recent convert. She been running Ubuntu MATE for a year.

 17:05 <dholbach> :-)

 17:05 <flexiondotorg> She was delighted when she connected Ubuntu MATE to her wireless photo printer, without assistance.

 17:05 <flexiondotorg> So she is completely hooked and is now an Ubuntu advocate :-)

 17:05 <flexiondotorg> #### Community

 17:05 <flexiondotorg> The Ubuntu MATE community is thriving.

 17:05 <flexiondotorg> I had some 1-to-1 community management coaching from Jono Bacon.

 17:06 <flexiondotorg> The Ubuntu MATE community, in all their online locations, is positive and friendly.

 17:06 <flexiondotorg> Very proud of that.

 17:06 <flexiondotorg> If you've never seen them, here are the websites.

 17:06 <flexiondotorg> * https://ubuntu-mate.org

 17:06 <flexiondotorg> * https://ubuntu-mate.community

 17:06 <flexiondotorg> * https://ubuntu-mate.boutique

 17:06 <flexiondotorg> We're on the various social networks.

 17:06 <flexiondotorg> * ~2900 G+ community page memebrs

 17:06 <flexiondotorg> * ~2500 Facebook community page memebrs

 17:06 <flexiondotorg> * ~1300 Twitter followers

 17:06 <flexiondotorg> * LinkedIn group and page are currently being established.

 17:07 <flexiondotorg> I've presented talks about Ubuntu MATE at Oggcamp 14, X2Go Gather 2014, Montreal Linux User Group, UOS 15.05 as well as number interviews on podcasts.

 17:07 <flexiondotorg> One Ubuntu MATE user presented Ubuntu MATE 15.04 live on the national Romanian news.

 17:08 <flexiondotorg> #### Downloads

 17:08 <flexiondotorg> Here are some conservative download numbers.

 17:08 <flexiondotorg> I can't track direct downloads from the mirrors nor some torrent activity.

 17:08 <flexiondotorg> * ~42,000 downloads per month for Intel 32-bit and 64-bit combined, included 15.04 and 15.10.

 17:08 <flexiondotorg> * ~31,000 downloads per month for the Raspberry Pi 2 image.

 17:08 <flexiondotorg> More on that ^^^^^^^ in a bit.

 17:08 <flexiondotorg> * ~1,000 downloads per month for the PowerPC image.

 17:08 <flexiondotorg> * ~400 downloads per month for the aarch32 ARMv7 generic rootfs image.

 17:09 <flexiondotorg> ARM holdings are completing the paperwork so that generic rootfs can use the official ARM artwork/logos.

 17:09 <mhall119> that's really cool about being featured on the news

 17:09 <dholbach> * Awards received so far: Best prepared CC Catch-up ever.

 17:09 <flexiondotorg> Yeah, it was pretty amazing. He did a demo and everything.

 17:09 <flexiondotorg> #### Hardware

 17:09 <flexiondotorg> We have two hardware partners selling computers pre-installed with Ubuntu MATE.

 17:09 <flexiondotorg> * Entroware - https://www.entroware.com/store/

 17:09 <flexiondotorg> * LibreTrend - http://libretrend.com/en/

 17:09 <wxl> um, yeah, dholbach. i feel a bit under-dressed for the occassion.

 17:09 <flexiondotorg> A third hardware partnership is in development for a Raspberry Pi 2 based device for use in the education sector in France.

 17:09 <dholbach> wxl, don't worry too much :)

 17:10 <flexiondotorg> This is my first time at this and I'm sure some of you know nothing about Ubuntu MATE.

 17:10 <flexiondotorg> So, just setting the scene :-)

 17:10 <flexiondotorg> #### Media

 17:10 <mhall119> flexiondotorg: are those hardware partners using a vanilla Ubuntu MATE image, or are they modifying it for their hardware?

 17:10 <flexiondotorg> Vanilla

 17:10 <mhall119> that's good

 17:11 <flexiondotorg> They been vetted by Ubuntu Legal too.

 17:11 <dholbach> Who's all helping out with Ubuntu MATE?

 17:11 <mhall119> that was going to be my next question, good job on that flexiondotorg :)

 17:11 <flexiondotorg> I worked on oem-config with the foundations team to fix a few bits.

 17:11 <flexiondotorg> dholbach, https://ubuntu-mate.org/team/

 17:12 <flexiondotorg> Press coverage : Linux Welt (cover disc twice), Ubuntu Facil,

 17:12 <flexiondotorg> Linux Voice, Linux.com, OMG! Ubuntu!, WebUpd8, Linux Veda, Datamation, Phoronix,

 17:12 <flexiondotorg> Softpedia, The Register to name a few.

 17:12 <flexiondotorg> #### Participating in Ubuntu and Debian

 17:12 <flexiondotorg> I'd like to think we are playing an active and beneficial role in the Ubuntu

 17:12 <flexiondotorg> community.

 17:12 <flexiondotorg> I've signed the CLA and contributed to Compiz to bring first class

 17:12 <flexiondotorg> support to MATE.

 17:12 <flexiondotorg> Ubuntu MATE owes a great deal of thanks to many canonical staff who've helped make Ubuntu MATE a reality.

 17:12 <flexiondotorg> All the MATE packaging is actually done in Debian, where I am a maintainer.

 17:13 <flexiondotorg> I did the migration of MATE 1.8 to 1.10 over the summer.

 17:13 <mhall119> flexiondotorg: do you know if MATE plans to stay on compiz indefinitely, or are there plans to move to something with more active development?

 17:13 <flexiondotorg> All those packages are now synced to the Ubuntu archive.

 17:13 <dholbach> how does the coordination of the Ubuntu MATE team mostly work?

 17:13 <flexiondotorg> Compiz is optional.

 17:14 <flexiondotorg> I've added support for Metacity and Mutter in 15.10. With support for Compton coming in 16.04.

 17:14 <flexiondotorg> dholbach, I lead the charge.

 17:14 <dholbach> do you have meetings?

 17:14 <flexiondotorg> I co-lead MATE Desktop.

 17:14 <dholbach> do you all hang out on IRC?

 17:14 <mhall119> flexiondotorg: cool, the question was leading to see if MATE would have the desire and ability to take over ownership of Compiz

 17:14 <dholbach> or use mailing lists?

 17:14 <flexiondotorg> dholbach, All IRC.

 17:15 <dholbach> how does coordination work with Debian and Upstream?

 17:15 <flexiondotorg> mhall119, Desire to take on Compiz yes. Ability, sadly not :-(

 17:15 <mhall119> ok, that's fair

 17:15 <flexiondotorg> Well, Debian maintainers and also MATE upstream.

 17:15 <flexiondotorg> So everything happens in #mate-dev

 17:16 <flexiondotorg> I have some questions.

 17:16 <mhall119> ask away

 17:16 <flexiondotorg> Can I apply for per package upload rights now?

 17:16 <dholbach> not with the CC

 17:16 <flexiondotorg> As I've said, most packaging happens in Debian.

 17:17 <dholbach> but I would generally encourage you and help where I can with the application process :)

 17:17 <flexiondotorg> Well, the question is really, have I worked with the Ubuntu team long enough to start the application process?

 17:17 <flexiondotorg> Cool.

 17:17 <dholbach> I would recommend to set up a wiki page for the application and ask your sponsors for feedback

 17:17 <dholbach> they're going to have to add it in any case

 17:17 <mhall119> +1 what dholbach said

 17:17 <flexiondotorg> Wiki stuff already in place.

 17:17 <dholbach> and you'll get to feel the pulse

 17:17 <dholbach> awesome

 17:18 <flexiondotorg> I'll start the process next week.

 17:18 <dholbach> drop me an email and I'll have a look over it and leave an endorsement

 17:18 <flexiondotorg> wilco

 17:18 <flexiondotorg> How do I join the bug squad?

 17:18 <dholbach> I sponsored a few packages already, so I have an opinion already. :-)

 17:18 <dholbach> https://wiki.ubuntu.com/UbuntuBugControl

 17:18 <popey> https://wiki.ubuntu.com/BugSquad/GettingInvolved

 17:18 <flexiondotorg> I've been doing a good chunk of bug hunting and have been asked to join.

 17:18 <dholbach> you can ping bdmurray and balloons about that too ^

 17:19 <flexiondotorg> Thanks. I'll follow that up.

 17:19 <dholbach> brilliant :)

 17:19 <flexiondotorg> My other questions are about getting new packages into the archive, but I guess that is not a discussion for here?

 17:20 <flexiondotorg> Particularly Pi 2 related packages, firmware and such.

 17:20 <dholbach> https://wiki.ubuntu.com/UbuntuDevelopment/NewPackages - let me know if you have any more specific questions

 17:20 <flexiondotorg> But other than that, feel free to ask me some more questions.

 17:20 <dholbach> ogra and ppisati can probably help with rpi2 bits

 17:20 <flexiondotorg> I've been talking to orga.

 17:21 <flexiondotorg> Notes made, will follow up with them.

 17:21 <dholbach> excellent

 17:21 <mhall119> flexiondotorg: have you guys started looking at Snappy and the possibility of making Ubuntu MATE images for it?

 17:21 <mhall119> especially for PRi2

 17:21 <flexiondotorg> mhall119, Yes.

 17:21 <flexiondotorg> I've watched the UOS session.

 17:21 <flexiondotorg> Chatted with some of the devs.

 17:22 <flexiondotorg> Had a snapcraft 1-to-1 with ogra last week.

 17:22 <dholbach> What are your first impressions so far?

 17:22 <flexiondotorg> Really want to invest some time is learning Snappy and snapcraft more thoroughly.

 17:22 <flexiondotorg> snaftcraft is awesome sauce.

 17:22 <dholbach> <3

 17:22 <flexiondotorg> I was already sold on the notion of core os and containered apps.

 17:23 <dholbach> let me know if you have any more specific questions and feedback there - maybe also outside of the meeting :)

 17:23 <flexiondotorg> mhall119, Yes I'd like to make a snappy Ubuntu MATE.

 17:23 <flexiondotorg> But I'd need Xmir support in snappy I think.

 17:23 <flexiondotorg> dholbach, Will do.

 17:23 <dholbach> how does interaction with the Ubuntu MATE community of users work generally?

 17:23 <mhall119> flexiondotorg: fantastic, the snappy developers need feedback, especially from flavor devs, on what is needed to support that

 17:24 <flexiondotorg> By and large via G+ and the Ubuntu MATE community site.

 17:24 <dholbach> Bug reports too?

 17:24 <flexiondotorg> I've been spending a good deal of time educating them to raise bugs and not just whine into the ether.

 17:24 <flexiondotorg> That message is getting through.

 17:24 <flexiondotorg> For example.

 17:24 <flexiondotorg> We've helped get several endian issue fixed for PowerPC this cycle.

 17:25 <flexiondotorg> Xorg works and so does webkit now.

 17:25 <flexiondotorg> That was done by getting the PowerPC educated in how to file bugs the right way to get the attention of the right people.

 17:25 <popey> Yeah, seeing people post photos of old G5 Macs running brand new software is really cool!

 17:25 <dholbach> so the amount of bug reports is manageable so far?

 17:25 <flexiondotorg> popey, You should see today's on G+

 17:25 * popey looks

 17:25 <flexiondotorg> It's Inception like.

 17:26 <flexiondotorg> dholbach, Currently about 75.

 17:26 <flexiondotorg> I try to keep it under 100.

 17:26 <popey> https://plus.google.com/u/0/115515624056477014971/posts/8H1UtDv5FEM

 17:26 <popey> for the logs :)

 17:26 <dholbach> where would you like to get more people involved in the Ubuntu MATE world?

 17:26 <flexiondotorg> Yes, manageable.

 17:26 <flexiondotorg> dholbach, Good question.

 17:26 <flexiondotorg> Probably more in the MATE world really.

 17:27 <flexiondotorg> Because MATE needs some features adding.

 17:27 <flexiondotorg> I helped accomplish some of that last year as a GSoC mentor for MATE.

 17:27 <dholbach> so mostly MATE upstream work?

 17:27 <flexiondotorg> We completed 3 excellent projects.

 17:27 <flexiondotorg> dholbach, Yeah, mostly.

 17:28 <flexiondotorg> The Ubuntu MATE package in the ubuntu archive are:

 17:28 <flexiondotorg> - ubuntu-mate-settings

 17:28 <flexiondotorg> - ubuntu-mate-artwork

 17:28 <flexiondotorg> - ubuntu-mate-welcome

 17:28 <flexiondotorg> - ubuntu-mate-meta

 17:28 <flexiondotorg> - folder-color

 17:28 <flexiondotorg> - deja-dup-caja

 17:28 <mhall119> flexiondotorg: are you guys encouraging your active contributors to seek Ubuntu Membership? If so, how are you doing that?

 17:28 <flexiondotorg> The last 2 are maintained by Marco Costales.

 17:28 <flexiondotorg> I can manage the others.

 17:28 <flexiondotorg> mhall119, Not yet.

 17:29 <flexiondotorg> But on the cards for 16.04.

 17:29 <flexiondotorg> Myself included.

 17:29 <mhall119> you're not a member yet?

 17:29 * dholbach echos the question

 17:29 <flexiondotorg> I think when 15.10 goes final I hit my 6 months official involvement right?

 17:29 <mhall119> that's not a hard requirement

 17:29 <flexiondotorg> No, not a member.

 17:29 <flexiondotorg> Would like to be.

 17:29 <mhall119> you should definitely go for Membership before you go for upload access

 17:30 <flexiondotorg> OK, I'll do that thing :-)

 17:30 <dholbach> and I guess you were involved in a way or another since 6.06, right? :)

 17:30 <flexiondotorg> dholbach, Yes.

 17:30 <dholbach> so, 6 months are not a problem :)

 17:30 <flexiondotorg> Except that bit where I'm an Arch Linux TU since 2012 ;-)

 17:30 <dholbach> TU?

 17:31 <flexiondotorg> Trusted User ~= MOTU

 17:31 <dholbach> ah, brilliant

 17:31 <mhall119> that wouldn't discount your Ubuntu involvement at all

 17:31 <flexiondotorg> Phew!

 17:31 <flexiondotorg> Right, I'm over running :-O

 17:31 <dholbach> no, far from it - it's always good to have insights from people who got to experience other communities :)

 17:32 <flexiondotorg> :-)

 17:32 <dholbach> I'm out of questions - I'm super happy with your involvement and what you report from the MATE community

 17:32 <flexiondotorg> Thank you.

 17:32 <dholbach> do you have any more questions yourself? or anything where the CC could help with?

 17:33 <flexiondotorg> And thanks to all the Canonical staff who've helped make Ubuntu MATE a reality.

 17:33 <flexiondotorg> No questions from me,.

 17:33 <flexiondotorg> wxl, All yours mate :-)

 17:33 <mhall119> flexiondotorg: and thanks to you and the MATE developer for bringing another great desktop option to Ubuntu sers

 17:33 <mhall119> users

 17:33 <flexiondotorg> :-)

 17:33 <dholbach> cprofitt, pleia2, czajkowski: any more questions from you?

 17:33 <mhall119> speaking of great desktop options, hello wxl :)

 17:33 <wxl> okie dokie. well, i didn't have a speech prepared, so… XD

 17:34 <pleia2> nothing from me, thanks flexiondotorg :)

 17:34 <dholbach> #topic Catching up with the Lubuntu team

 17:34 <wxl> in fac,t i had expected this to go a little bit more like other meetings i have grown accustomed to wherein i simply ask questions, but hey :)

 17:34 <dholbach> thanks again flexiondotorg!

 17:34 <pleia2> wxl: haha, that's ok, flexiondotorg went above and beyond what we're used to :)

 17:35 <dholbach> wxl, that works well for us :)

 17:35 <wxl> ok, good

 17:35 <wxl> next time i'll do something like that. it's good.

 17:35 <dholbach> how are things in the Lubuntu team?

 17:35 <wxl> pretty good over all

 17:35 <wxl> we've been plugging away at getting lxqt integrated

 17:35 <wxl> it's taken us a while

 17:35 <wxl> we'll probably have everything done in time for 16.04, but i'm not comfortable putting new features in an LTS

 17:35 <dholbach> how is it looking and working for you?

 17:36 <mhall119> wxl: so lxde will still be the default for you in 16.04?

 17:36 <wxl> the big issue with lxqt is not necessarily the desktop environment itself, but that the change in graphics library requries us to reconsider all of our app choices

 17:36 <wxl> mhall119: at present, that is the current plan, yes.

 17:36 <mhall119> wxl: and you're okay supporting that for 5 years?

 17:36 <dholbach> which apps would need replacement?

 17:36 <wxl> lubuntu has a pretty small development team, and they could use all the time they could get

 17:37 <mhall119> understood

 17:37 <wxl> mhall119: yes. lxde (the gtk+ version) continues to be developed upstream

 17:37 <gilir> hi, sorry to be late

 17:37 <dholbach> hey gilir

 17:37 <wxl> in fact, the team working on it insists that lxde is not dead despite the fact that the team has largely shifted to focusing on lxqt

 17:37 <mhall119> wxl: well that's good to know

 17:38 <wxl> to answer your question, dholbach, basically all of the gtk+ apps that don't offer a qt version. so pretty much the whole kit and kaboodle!

 17:38 <dholbach> are you planning to add a lxqt session so people can play around with it early on?

 17:38 <dholbach> do the gtk+ apps generally work in a lxqt session?

 17:38 <mhall119> wxl: are the KDE apps an option for you, or do they depend too much on KDE/Frameworks?

 17:38 <wxl> dholbach: gilir has provided two choices for people to play with: an lxqt-metapackage in our daily ppas and a lubuntu-next iso that he hosts himself

 17:39 <tsimonq2> .

 17:39 <dholbach> good work!

 17:39 <wxl> dholbach: generally, yes. honestly, my personal machine has been living with both libraries for a while and it's happy

 17:39 <dholbach> so mixing and matching would be an option?

 17:39 <wxl> dholbach: also we taking and responding to bugs filed against those previews

 17:39 <wxl> dholbach: yes, but of course, considering our focus on being lightweight, we don't want to ship both graphics libraries

 17:39 <dholbach> ok, I see

 17:39 <dholbach> I wasn't sure if you were constrained by ISO size

 17:40 <wxl> mhall119: it's an interesting thing. some kde apps can be removed from the kde space, while others are tightly integrated. perhaps this will be the impetus needed to get all of those apps to live free of the whole kde desktop environment.

 17:40 <dholbach> as you mentioned the team size earlier... where would you need most help?

 17:40 <gilir> I could add also that we are trying to be qt5 only, and with minimun KDE/KF5 depends

 17:40 <wxl> dholbach: iso size is certainly an issue. we've struggled to at least keep our alternate image cd sized. struggled. and it's important to us because the target for our flavor is often old machines that perhaps don't support dvds or usb.

 17:41 <dholbach> ah that makes sense

 17:41 <gilir> that make the choice for default apps very limited :-/

 17:41 <wxl> dholbach: i continue to recruit people to testing and bug hunting and what not. but again, where we need help is with development. i'll let gilir speak more about that

 17:41 <mhall119> wxl: another possible option, and I'm just throwing this out for you, is the Ubuntu Core Apps which are all Qt/Qml and lightweight, but might require inclusions of some additional platform services

 17:42 <wxl> and actually, we're working on trying to find a replacement for our wonderful documentation guy who has been called away by real life. i mean the project will keep going without him, but he was making some serious inroads on some hard work.

 17:42 <dholbach> gilir, where do you see most demand for helping hands?

 17:42 <wxl> mhall119: i'll leave gilir to consider that and/or respond to it

 17:43 <dholbach> how do you guys coordinate most of your work and where do you invite people to?

 17:43 <gilir> mhall119, last time I check them, they depends toomuch on unity stuff

 17:43 <gilir> mhall119, but that could be an option in the long term

 17:44 <gilir> dholbach, we coordinate a lot by mail and by IRC

 17:44 <wxl> dholbach: we have #lubuntu-devel and the mailing list associated with the qa team where most of the technical discussion happens, even those things not directly related to qa. however, i have recently created a lubuntu-devel mailing list that i hope to move all that discussion over to, so the "qa" tag isn't quite as confusing (also that's not an lp list which i think will be a godsend, unlike the previ

 17:44 <wxl> ous one)

 17:44 <dholbach> that makes sense

 17:44 <wxl> dholbach: also i sometimes hunt down gilir through facebook messenger XD

 17:45 <dholbach> :-)

 17:45 <mhall119> gilir: the Ubuntu UI Toolkit used to have a dependency on some unity library, but I think that's been removed

 17:45 <gilir> wxl, sorry for that :-/

 17:45 <wxl> generally any discussion, private or not, gets communicated throughout the lists so the community can be involved

 17:45 <mhall119> the apps themselves shouldn't have any Unity dependency

 17:45 <dholbach> so that's how lubuntu's red telephone works :)

 17:45 <wxl> gilir: hahah, that's fine! i rather enjoy that as an option!

 17:45 <wxl> dholbach: exactly!

 17:46 <gilir> mhall119, that's good know :-) I'll propably check them again after the next LTS

 17:46 <dholbach> maybe you could do a session at the next UOS and invite interested folks to participate there

 17:46 <wxl> mhall119: is there someone in particular we should connect with if we run into further issues with that?

 17:46 <mhall119> wxl: popey would be a good point of contact

 17:47 <wxl> mhall119: noted, thanks. keep me up to date on how that goes when you have a chance, gilir.

 17:47 <dholbach> I'm sure that evaluating app solutions is something where others would like to help out

 17:47 <wxl> dholbach: we did a UOS session a while back where we kind of showed off lxqt and asked questions. we take every opportunity in the public eye to invite people to join

 17:47 <dholbach> brilliant

 17:47 <dholbach> maybe you can invite some upstream folks to the sessions too

 17:47 <wxl> dholbach: the community has been involved in the brainstorming regarding replacement apps for lubuntu-next as well

 17:48 * popey wakes

 17:48 <dholbach> awesome

 17:48 <wxl> that's a good point, dholbach!

 17:48 <dholbach> is there anything where you would like the CC to help out?

 17:49 <wxl> dholbach: yes, patches welcome. XD

 17:49 <dholbach> haha

 17:49 <wxl> seriously, no. the lubuntu community continues to grow

 17:49 <wxl> we're not a huge team but we're all very dedicated

 17:49 <dholbach> do you do a lot on social media at the moment?

 17:49 <dholbach> (apart from pinging gilir on FB? :-))

 17:49 <wxl> we have a VERY active facebook group

 17:49 <wxl> and a facebook page

 17:50 <wxl> and several points on twitter (key people, and official channels)

 17:50 <wxl> we've got a reddit board

 17:50 <dholbach> less on Google+?

 17:50 <wxl> google+

 17:50 <wxl> i think fb is far more active than g+

 17:50 <dholbach> interesting

 17:50 <wxl> not because we do less on it, but that's just where users connect with us more

 17:51 <dholbach> do you manage to get people from these communities involved in any of the daily work?

 17:51 <wxl> a lot of users are windows expats

 17:51 <dholbach> sure, I think that's perfectly fine :)

 17:51 <wxl> yes, actually

 17:51 <wxl> we've recruited several people that way

 17:51 <dholbach> maybe we could invite you guys to a Community Q&A to show off some of the work you've been doing

 17:51 <dholbach> ... and answer questions :)

 17:51 <wxl> sometimes it comes from a conversation on a particular topic and other times, it's from making friends

 17:52 <wxl> also myself and several others run a sort of linux mentoring program called linuxpadawan

 17:52 <wxl> that tends to get them involved in our projects

 17:52 <wxl> as we tend to use lubuntu tasks to illustrate or help educate people on particular topics

 17:52 <dholbach> nice

 17:53 <wxl> i'm currently mentoring a very bright 13 year old who's been helping with qa and learning how to contribute code!

 17:53 <dholbach> <3

 17:53 <wxl> i think a community q&a would be FABULOUS dholbach. the timing of those mostly sucks for me, though.

 17:53 <dholbach> maybe we can move the date and time once :)

 17:53 * mhall119 is happy to see linuxpadawan continuing to grow

 17:54 <wxl> not because it's too early but because i'm trying to get myself and my daughter ready for our days

 17:54 <dholbach> mhall119, ^

 17:54 <wxl> if that's a possibility, i'm all ears

 17:54 <tsimonq2> o/

 17:54 <mhall119> I'm sure we could make it happen

 17:54 <wxl> extra exposure would be really nice and i know those q&as get a lot of activity

 17:54 <mhall119> might get fewer questions though

 17:54 <wxl> (btw tsimonq2 is said padawan) :)

 17:54 <wxl> i could also see if i couldn't coordinate somehow to make it happen

 17:55 <wxl> for now let's put that on the list of things to look into and we'll go from there

 17:55 <dholbach> excellent

 17:55 <dholbach> I'm super happy with what you're reporting!

 17:55 <wxl> i certainly appreciate the offer and anything i can do to take advantage of the opportunity would be most appreciated

 17:56 <dholbach> do you get a chance to meet up as a lubuntu/lxde/lxqt community at events sometimes?

 17:56 <wxl> unfortunately, not yet

 17:56 <wxl> we're pretty spread out across the world

 17:56 <wxl> we've done hangouts and such but that's been about it XD

 17:57 <dholbach> are there any meetings where upstream folks meet sometimes?

 17:57 <wxl> i do go waving the lubuntu flag everywhere i go though XD

 17:57 <wxl> not that i'm aware of. gilir do you know of any lxde meetings anywhere?

 17:57 <wxl> most of the activity i've seen from them is on the mailing list. even irc is pretty quiet.

 17:57 <gilir> wxl, it's very diffult to get everyone in a same country

 17:58 <dholbach> maybe it might be an idea to colocate a lubuntu/lxde/lxqt meeting with another conference one day?

 17:58 <wxl> that'd be a cool idea

 17:58 <gilir> ther was some lxde/lxqt meeting with part of the devs, but never most of them

 17:58 <wxl> last time i showed up at a conference it was mostly kubuntu folks hanging out XD

 17:58 <gilir> there is people in US, Europe and Asia, that not easy :-)

 17:59 * wxl nods

 17:59 <dholbach> I see, ok

 17:59 <dholbach> I'm done with questions

 17:59 <dholbach> how about everyone else?

 17:59 <wxl> at the aforementioned conference, we had kubuntu folks from around the world, b ut most of them were presently working in the us. circumstantial luck.

 18:00 <wxl> maybe i could do the q&a on my bike, mhall119 ;)

 18:00 <dholbach> :)

 18:00 <dholbach> czajkowski, cprofitt, mhall119, pleia2: more questions from you?

 18:00 <mhall119> wxl: I've had hangout meetings with people driving in their car, so it wouldn't be that far off :)

 18:00 <pleia2> nope, thanks wxl

 18:01 <wxl> mhall119: i'm not sure you remember but a few UOSs ago i showed up to ask questions while on a bike and you commented that that was the first you had seen of it XD

 18:01 <dholbach> thanks a lot wxl, gilir and everyone else!

 18:01 <mhall119> wxl: same question as I asked the MATE guys, are you directing your active contributors to seek Ubuntu Membership and helping them prepare for that?

 18:01 <wxl> mhall119: being a member of the membership board, that's a resounding yes XD

 18:01 <mhall119> wxl: ah ha! I had forgotten about that

 18:01 <wxl> mhall119: i'm also on the LoCo board so i'm always encouraging local involvement as well

 18:02 <dholbach> :-)

 18:02 <wxl> in fact, the aforementioned 13 year old is currently working on taking over his LoCo which is mostly dead!

 18:02 <dholbach> that's fantastic

 18:02 <wxl> and actually he goes to a really cool school that is allowing him to contribute as part of his education

 18:03 <wxl> when we were working out milestones to reach, we made sure to include Ubuntu Membership :)

 18:03 <dholbach> tsimonq2, which LoCo team is that?

 18:03 <wxl> it's in Wisconsin, dholbach

 18:03 <wxl> i think his study hall ended

 18:03 <dholbach> brilliant!

 18:03 <dholbach> thanks a lot tsimonq2! keep up the good work!

 18:03 <dholbach> and thanks everyone else

 18:04 <mhall119> wxl: wow, that's really cool, keep up the great work with linuxpadawan

 18:04 <wxl> oh and one other thing: i continue to acquire ppc machines and have been meaning to send them out to testers

 18:04 <wxl> mhall119: will do :)

 18:04 <wxl> so hopefully our ppc image will continue to grow

 18:04 <wxl> ppc is what brought me to lubuntu and is a popular target since many ppc machines are very resource limited

 18:05 <wxl> since there's not a lot of support for ppc (i mean, period. all of the linux world), we've gone to lts only, but having more testers working on daily images will help give us the heads up we need to produce better images

 18:05 <wxl> i think that's about all i got for news and updates

 18:06 <dholbach> awesome!

 18:06 <pleia2> yay ppc, glad that work is continuing there

 18:06 <wxl> i appreciate every single one of you and all your hard work in the community

 18:06 * dholbach hugs you all :)

 18:06 <wxl> hehehe

 18:06 <wxl> group hug!

 18:06 <wxl> :)

 18:06 <cprofitt> sorry I was in and out, ut got called away

 18:06 <dholbach> #topic Any other business?

 18:07 <dholbach> I don't have any other business and there's nothing on the agenda page as far as I can see.

 18:07 <pleia2> the call for nominees for the loco council still needs to be sent out

 18:07 <pleia2> I think someone may have told jose that it's fine for them to do that?

 18:08 <dholbach> I didn't, but yeah - it's perfectly fine for the LC to send out the call.

 18:08 <wxl> pleia2: honestly i'm still confused about the status on that

 18:08 <mhall119> pleia2: I think that may have been me

 18:08 <wxl> let me double check the mailing list

 18:10 <wxl> we have quorum as far as number of members

 18:10 <wxl> but josé seems to think you're doing the announcement mhall119 :)

 18:10 <mhall119> wxl: IIRC, there are 2 or 3 members set to expire this month

 18:10 <wxl> yep

 18:10 <dholbach> also worth noting: the CC is still accepting nominations for the upcoming CC election

 18:11 <mhall119> jose can post the announcement to fridge, I can't, so that's +1 for him doing it :)

 18:11 <wxl> tsimonq2 said he was going to put in a nominator for me :)

 18:11 <wxl> hahahahah mhall119 i'll let him know

 18:12 <cprofitt> yes, I told jose the LC could do the announcement

 18:12 <dholbach> cool cool :)

 18:12 <dholbach> ok, that's a wrap then :)

 18:12 <dholbach> thanks everyone!

 18:12 <dholbach> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)