== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 26 Feb at 16:01 &mdash; 16:18 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2015/ubuntu-meeting.2015-02-26-16.01.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning round ===
The discussion about "Lightning round" started at 16:01.


=== Feature freeze ===
The discussion about "Feature freeze" started at 16:12.


=== AOB ===
The discussion about "AOB" started at 16:15.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * slangasek (36)
 * bdmurray (23)
 * sil2100 (20)
 * jodh (17)
 * cyphermox (15)
 * caribou (15)
 * mvo (15)
 * stgraber (14)
 * robru (12)
 * barry (11)
 * ubottu (10)
 * meetingology (3)



== Full Log ==


 16:01 <slangasek> #startmeeting

 16:01 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Feb 26 16:01:54 2015 UTC.  The chair is slangasek. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:01 <meetingology> 

 16:01 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 16:01 <slangasek> [TOPIC] Lightning round

 16:02 <slangasek> $ echo $(shuf -e barry doko stgraber jodh bdmurray slangasek caribou infinity mvo sil2100 robru cyphermox)

 16:02 <slangasek> sil2100 caribou infinity cyphermox slangasek robru barry bdmurray jodh stgraber mvo doko

 16:02 <slangasek> sil2100: go!

 16:02 <sil2100> Again!

 16:02 <sil2100> Lucky me

 16:02 <sil2100> - Landing team work, silo coordination, preparing landing e-mails

 16:02 <sil2100> - Promotion of the RC image for the early ww09-2015 milestone

 16:02 <sil2100> - RTM status meetings

 16:02 <sil2100> - Attending the CI stakeholder meeting

 16:02 <sil2100> - Preparing announcements and formalities for new landing rules

 16:02 <sil2100> - Coordingating quick-fixes for BQ

 16:02 <sil2100> - Hacking up a way to include the new device-tarball to the existing RC/stable image

 16:02 <sil2100> * Needed to get a factory fix released without the rootfs

 16:02 <sil2100> - Archive diff automated scripts

 16:02 <sil2100> * Some work on the presentation layer

 16:02 <sil2100> * Still lacking time to finish everything up

 16:02 <sil2100> - One day off due to tax-duties

 16:02 <sil2100> - Pushing people on fixes, FFe's and AP tests

 16:03 <sil2100> ...aand probably something I missed

 16:03 <sil2100> (done)

 16:03 <caribou> Bugfix :

 16:03 <caribou> - squid-deb-proxy hangs on trusty boot

 16:03 <caribou> - CUPS : SRU for bug #1352809 (-h override) completed (thanks bdmurray)

 16:03 <ubottu> bug 1352809 in cups (Ubuntu Utopic) "/usr/bin/lp on Trusty using -h option doesn't work as expected" [Medium,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1352809

 16:03 <caribou> - rsyslog memory leak (LP: #1423586) continued tests

 16:03 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1423586 in rsyslog (Ubuntu Trusty) "Please backport memory leak fixes present up to 7.4.6" [Medium,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1423586

 16:03 <caribou> - libvirtd lost floating IP : tested AppArmor patch backport

 16:03 <caribou> Work on Crash Dump Infrastructure Proof Of Concept

 16:03 <caribou> Completed deja-dup FTBS fix

 16:03 <caribou> - triggered cjwatson investigation on build failure

 16:03 <caribou> (done)

 16:03 <slangasek> no infinity yet

 16:03 <slangasek> cyphermox:

 16:04 <cyphermox> * review/upload fix for grub-installer bug 1354730

 16:04 <cyphermox> * investigation/fix for ubiquity bug 1423161

 16:04 <cyphermox> * discussed NM 0.9.10 bugs with Tony (and how to build, etc.) on vivid

 16:04 <ubottu> bug 1354730 in grub-installer (Ubuntu Trusty) "14.04 grub-install failed: Wrong number of args: mapdevfs <path>" [Medium,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1354730

 16:04 <ubottu> bug 1423161 in ubiquity (Ubuntu) "No try/install dialogue displayed" [High,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1423161

 16:04 <cyphermox> * bug investigation into NM DNS delays / 3G physical device management

 16:04 <cyphermox> * testing console-setup merge for 1.108

 16:04 <cyphermox> - debugging a larger preseeding issue with mini.iso that appears from utopic

 16:04 <cyphermox> - turns out it's --- vs -- to get the parameters into the installer

 16:04 <cyphermox> - doing an update for d-i, installation-guide for --- vs --

 16:04 <cyphermox> - still needs a bit more work for keyboard names strings showing as Ks.

 16:04 <cyphermox> Today:

 16:04 <cyphermox> * more NM debugging for DNS delays and bug 1425760.

 16:04 <ubottu> bug 1425760 in network-manager (Ubuntu) "NM takes a long time to discover and connect to wifi after suspend/resume and roaming" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1425760

 16:04 <cyphermox> * finish up testing console-setup for upload.

 16:04 <cyphermox> (done)

 16:04 <slangasek> * snappy: image was not promoted last week, so that's happening this week

 16:04 <slangasek> * still need to review grub config changes for a/b partition failover

 16:04 <slangasek> (done)

 16:04 <slangasek> * package review for new go API packages needed for new version of snappy

 16:04 <slangasek> * phone channel refactoring

 16:05 <slangasek> * performance review: insert self-evaluation and 360 review nag here

 16:05 <robru> not ready, please come back to me.

 16:05 <barry> si: meetings for future features; system-image server branches

 16:05 <barry> snappy: experimenting on stuff

 16:05 <barry> debuntu: discussions around `pip --user`  LP: #1363642 (debian bug #744145)

 16:05 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1363642 in python-pip (Ubuntu) "pip breaks after upgrading python package "requests"" [Undecided,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1363642

 16:05 <ubottu> Debian bug 744145 in python-pip "pip crashes on "import requests"" [Wishlist,Open] http://bugs.debian.org/744145

 16:05 <barry> other: code reviews for the citrain (robru); cloud-init py3 fixes; performance reviews

 16:05 <barry> --done--

 16:05 <bdmurray> pushed back_populate_system_image_counters.py and submitted RT to have the job run

 16:06 <bdmurray> worked with thedac to get the backfill of system image counters running

 16:06 <bdmurray> updated RT re counters backfill job to run for all of January 2015

 16:06 <bdmurray> pinged webops regarding errors staging being down (juju storm - fixed)

 16:06 <bdmurray> pushed daisy and errors changes to filter by packageset

 16:06 <bdmurray> queried cassandra to find quantity of crashes for packages with missing ddebs

 16:06 <bdmurray> updated meta-release files for 14.04.2

 16:06 <bdmurray> updated bug bot with 14.04.2 iso identity information

 16:06 <bdmurray> review of ubuntu-release-upgrader merge proposal re [lx]ubuntu-core

 16:06 <bdmurray> merged ubuntu-release-upgrader changes regarding [xl]ubuntu-core and DistUpgrade.cfg

 16:06 <bdmurray> further fixing of DistUpgradeKDE pyflakes issues

 16:06 <bdmurray> modified whoopsie to always log the OOPS ID for trusty in my ppa

 16:06 <bdmurray> tested apport-noui some more from mythtv

 16:06 <bdmurray> submitted a merge proposal fixing apport bug LP: #1345653

 16:06 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1345653 in apport (Ubuntu) "apport-gtk crashed with EOFError in _read_exact(): Compressed file ended before the end-of-stream marker was reached" [High,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1345653

 16:06 <bdmurray> submitted apport merge proposal not to check bug patterns if the crashdb isn't accepting that type of report e.g for crashes from utopic

 16:06 <bdmurray> wrote blog post regarding automatic crash reporting

 16:06 <bdmurray> wrote sru-remove to remove a package with SRU bugs that haven't been verified

 16:06 <bdmurray> updated sru-report to give commands for running sru-remove

 16:06 <bdmurray> irc discussion with cjwatson regarding updating the pending sru report to look at update_excuses.yaml

 16:06 <bdmurray> worked on having sru-report check update_excuses.yaml for autopkgtest failures

 16:06 <bdmurray> sent email to the SRU team regarding sru-remove script

 16:06 <bdmurray> overrode phased update crash rate increase for apport

 16:06 <bdmurray> ‚úî done

 16:07 <jodh> * upstart

 16:07 <jodh> - Uploaded fixes for a nasty security issue in vivid (bug 1425685) - thanks to cjwatson for reviews!

 16:07 <ubottu> bug 1425685 in upstart (Ubuntu) "Missing input sanitation in upstart logrotation cronjob" [High,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1425685

 16:07 <jodh> * snappy:

 16:07 <jodh> - lp:~jamesodhunt/ubuntu/vivid/ubuntu-core-upgrader/allow-assets-unpack

 16:07 <jodh> - initramfs-tools-ubuntu-core changes:

 16:07 <jodh> - lp:~jamesodhunt/ubuntu/vivid/initramfs-tools-ubuntu-core/bug-1423529

 16:07 <jodh> - lp:~jamesodhunt/ubuntu/vivid/initramfs-tools-ubuntu-core/mount-boot-partition-with-sync

 16:07 <jodh> - Investigations into a snappy-go global logging (which uncovered the fact that

 16:07 <jodh> we need to enable persistent system logging for snappy).

 16:07 <jodh> - Promotion testing (... lots :)

 16:07 <jodh> - Discissions with pitti on automating update/rollback/reboot testing

 16:07 <jodh> to reduce number of man-days spent promotion testing.

 16:07 <jodh> - Documented current internal process for regenerating a snappy initrd / device_part.

 16:07 <jodh> - Updates to "Snappy Image Tests" doc.

 16:07 <jodh> * TODO:

 16:07 <jodh> - Working on tests for the ubuntu-core-upgrader.

 16:07 <jodh> êëé

 16:08 <mvo> no stgraber?

 16:08 <mvo> click:

 16:08 <mvo> - branch merges, some ci-train fighting, release 0.4.38.3

 16:08 <mvo> (stuck in -proposed right now)

 16:08 <mvo> snappy:

 16:08 <mvo> - preparing the alpha release

 16:08 * stgraber waves

 16:08 <mvo> - lots of snappy-go work

 16:08 <mvo> - push changes from PPA to the main archive (more to do here)

 16:08 <mvo> misc:

 16:08 <mvo> - fix for blu-ray burning bts #713016 (LP: #113679)

 16:08 <mvo> - fix freeradius upstart reload (thanks to urusha)

 16:09 <mvo> - review/merge fix for unattended-upgrades #1422345 and upload new version

 16:09 <mvo> (done)

 16:09 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 113679 in xorg-server (Ubuntu Dapper) "xorg freezes when running openoffice" [High,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/113679

 16:09 <stgraber> - Was presenting LXD at the Linux Collaboration Summit last week

 16:09 <stgraber> - LXCFS

 16:09 <stgraber> - 0.6 bugfix release

 16:09 <stgraber> - LXD

 16:09 <stgraber> - 0.1 was released and uploaded

 16:09 <stgraber> - 0.2 should be tagged today if all goes well (was scheduled for Tuesday)

 16:09 <stgraber> - preparing for 0.3 next week

 16:09 <stgraber> - Plenty of code review and bugfixes

 16:09 <stgraber> - LXC

 16:09 <stgraber> - Code review and CI infrastructure work (IRC bot for github/travis/jenkins webhooks)

 16:09 <stgraber> - system-image

 16:09 <stgraber> - Branch reviews, minor bugfixes and some channel tweaks for touch.

 16:09 <stgraber> (done)

 16:09 <robru> no doko?

 16:10 <robru> i'm ready now

 16:10 <robru> * CI Train:

 16:10 <robru> - Record which revnos of which MPs are built in order to refuse publishing MPs that have new, unbuilt commits.

 16:10 <robru> - Fixed a few unhandled exceptions discovered in production

 16:10 <robru> - ported to python3, which included a massive 3,000 line overhaul of unicode handling logic at all inputs and outputs

 16:10 <robru> - Simplified changelog parsing/generation, improving consistency and test coverage, reducing weird corner cases.

 16:10 <robru> - other misc maintenance increasing testability and test coverage

 16:10 <robru> - discovered and fixed SSO misconfiguration in production.

 16:10 <slangasek> robru: go ahead

 16:10 <robru> * and the usual pile of landings overseen.

 16:10 <robru> (done)

 16:10 <slangasek> doko: around?

 16:11 <slangasek> I assume your status report just consists of http://www.wherethehellismatt.com/videos anyways

 16:11 <slangasek> any questions over status?

 16:12 <slangasek> gonna be another short meeting then :)

 16:12 <sil2100> ;)

 16:12 <slangasek> [TOPIC] Feature freeze

 16:12 <slangasek> we're in feature freeze, since last Thursday

 16:13 <slangasek> anyone have work still ongoing that we should be looking at FFe for?

 16:13 <barry> o/  ->  system-image 3.0

 16:13 <slangasek> ok

 16:13 <barry> i'll file the ffe today

 16:13 <cyphermox> do you consider console-setup a bugfix or a feature?

 16:13 <slangasek> that seems like it ought to be covered by the phone blanket FFe which hasn't been granted, right?

 16:13 <barry> that was my understanding

 16:14 <slangasek> cyphermox: it should probably go through an FFe, the bug it's fixing is "skew with Debian"

 16:14 <slangasek> and "blocking new initramfs-tools"

 16:14 <cyphermox> I'll write the ffe then

 16:14 <barry> i have a beta in my ppa, but there'll be one more feature for mvo & snappy

 16:14 <mvo> a tiny one

 16:14 <mvo> :)

 16:14 <barry> :)

 16:14 <slangasek> heh

 16:15 <slangasek> [TOPIC] AOB

 16:15 <slangasek> anything else?

 16:15 <barry> we'll need to roll out a server change too though for it to go to any phone/snappy channels

 16:15 <slangasek> ah, good to know

 16:15 <caribou> slangasek: does the PlusOne maintenance team still exists ?

 16:16 <slangasek> caribou: currently the de facto answer is no; we've been stalled on refactoring that

 16:16 * sil2100 would actually like to partake in the PlusOne maintenance once again

 16:16 <sil2100> After this touch rush slows down a bit at least

 16:16 <caribou> I meant to help with FTBS but found little info about PlusOne

 16:16 <caribou> I mean people being involved with it. I got the FTBS fixed & sponsored though

 16:17 <slangasek> caribou: do you have some time to commit to +1 this month?

 16:17 <caribou> slangasek: i'm trying to ; looking at the FTBS list to see where I can help

 16:17 <slangasek> caribou: great; /join #ubuntu+1-maint

 16:18 <caribou> slangasek: ok, I thought this one was dead

 16:18 <slangasek> and if you have questions, you can ping me/doko/infinity

 16:18 <slangasek> it's very dead ;)

 16:18 <slangasek> but the work still needs doing

 16:18 <caribou> slangasek: ok just got there, thanks

 16:18 <slangasek> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)