== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 30 Jul at 15:01 &mdash; 15:46 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2015/ubuntu-meeting.2015-07-30-15.01.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Welcome, Tiago! ===
The discussion about "Welcome, Tiago!" started at 15:03.


=== Lightning round ===
The discussion about "Lightning round" started at 15:08.


=== Welcome, Tiago! ===
The discussion about "Welcome, Tiago!" started at 15:09.


=== Lightning round ===
The discussion about "Lightning round" started at 15:13.


=== AOB ===
The discussion about "AOB" started at 15:33.


=== Sprinting ===
The discussion about "Sprinting" started at 15:33.


=== AOB ===
The discussion about "AOB" started at 15:40.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * slangasek (70)
 * sil2100 (55)
 * infinity (44)
 * cyphermox (28)
 * tdaitx (26)
 * pitti (22)
 * bdmurray (19)
 * robru (13)
 * doko (11)
 * ubottu (6)
 * meetingology (3)
 * mbruzek (1)



== Full Log ==


 15:01 <slangasek> #startmeeting

 15:01 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Jul 30 15:01:45 2015 UTC.  The chair is slangasek. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 15:01 <meetingology> 

 15:01 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 15:02 <cyphermox> o/

 15:02 <pitti> o/

 15:03 <slangasek> [TOPIC] Welcome, Tiago!

 15:03 <sil2100> o/

 15:03 <slangasek> hey, so some of you will have seen the mail from me today... we have a new team member joining us for the first time this week :)

 15:03 <bdmurray> yeah!

 15:03 <tdaitx> glad to be here =)

 15:04 <slangasek> tdaitx is taking on the java maintainer position, and I'm sure is having fun drinking from the new-starter firehose

 15:04 <sil2100> tdaitx: good to have you on board!

 15:04 <tdaitx> indeed

 15:04 <pitti> hey tdaitx, welcome!

 15:04 <slangasek> tdaitx: anything you want to tell the team about yourself?

 15:04 <mbruzek> tdaitx: Welcome fellow Java person.

 15:05 <infinity> tdaitx: I hope you really, really, really like Germans.

 15:05 <cyphermox> welcome tdaitx!

 15:05 <tdaitx> well, I lived for 3 months at Germany once ;-)

 15:05 <tdaitx> good memories

 15:06 <infinity> tdaitx: Well, you're about to work very closely with someone who's lived in Germany for about 80 years.

 15:06 <infinity> Ish.

 15:07 <doko> fein, fast jeder hier spricht deutsch (although slangasek's is a bit rusty)

 15:07 <pitti> jawoll!

 15:08 <doko> don't forget to bring the cachaca for the next sprint =)

 15:08 <slangasek> mien Deutch nie war nicht rostig

 15:08 <slangasek> also it seems to have lost an s somewhere

 15:08 <infinity> My German is also not roasting.

 15:08 <tdaitx> well, what can I say, I have been involved with software development for quite a long time, moved from php to java to IDL to infrastructure and back and forth =)

 15:08 <slangasek> [TOPIC] Lightning round

 15:08 <slangasek> oops

 15:09 <slangasek> [TOPIC] Welcome, Tiago!

 15:09 <slangasek> ;)

 15:09 <infinity> Hahahaha.

 15:09 <infinity> slangasek: I can only assume the PHP bit wasn't on his resume.

 15:09 <tdaitx> I have been looking into joining canonical for a while and for some reason slangasek and doko agreed to it a few weeks back

 15:09 <tdaitx> ;-)

 15:10 <cyphermox> infinity: people don't like to brag about the dark parts in their lives.

 15:10 <robru> lol

 15:10 <sil2100> Dark parts indeed..!

 15:10 <slangasek> hmm I don't remember seeing php /or/ IDL on there, but maybe that was selective blindness ;)

 15:10 * sil2100 shrugs in terror

 15:10 <tdaitx> yeah, it was left out in purpose

 15:10 <infinity> :)

 15:11 <infinity> Well played.

 15:11 <infinity> tdaitx: Just one question: how do you feel about BSD?

 15:11 <tdaitx> is this one of those tricky questions?

 15:12 <infinity> It's an inside joke, don't worry.  We'll fill you in when one of us gets a little bit unsober.

 15:12 <tdaitx> I have gone as far as installing nas4free

 15:12 <infinity> I nominate slangasek.

 15:12 <slangasek> mmhmm

 15:13 <cyphermox> I still haven't heard that BSD joke.

 15:13 <slangasek> right, so /now/ I think it's time to move on ;)

 15:13 <slangasek> [TOPIC] Lightning round

 15:13 <slangasek> $ echo $(shuf -e barry doko bdmurray slangasek caribou infinity sil2100 robru cyphermox pitti tdaitx)

 15:13 <slangasek> caribou barry sil2100 infinity doko bdmurray slangasek pitti robru tdaitx cyphermox

 15:13 <slangasek> that's a totally fair dice roll and I didn't reroll it twice because tdaitx ended up at the front of the list, honest

 15:13 <sil2100> caribou is not around today from what I read

 15:14 <doko> cough, last upload quantal ... dbus-c++ (0.9.0-6ubuntu1) quantal; urgency=low

 15:14 <infinity> Isn't he on vacation for a few years or something?

 15:14 <pitti> . o O { and we told infinity a thousand times to not exaggerate }

 15:14 <infinity> doko: Oh phew, I thought that was going to be one of mine.

 15:14 <sil2100> doko: to the transition PPA?!

 15:15 <slangasek> tdaitx: so for this part of the meeting (which is the main part, which often makes for a quick meeting), we go around telling the team what we've been working on the past week / will work on for the next week / are stuck on and want input on, then we ask follow-up questions if there are any

 15:15 <sil2100> Ah, barry not around as well!

 15:15 <sil2100> Ok, so my turn it seems

 15:15 <sil2100> A long one today:

 15:15 <sil2100> - Landing team work, silo coordination, preparing landing e-mails

 15:15 <sil2100> - Unblocked thumbnailer from wily-proposed

 15:15 <sil2100> - Fixed channel mis-configurations for arale images

 15:15 <sil2100> - RTM status meetings and discussions

 15:15 <sil2100> - gcc-5 transition misc stuff:

 15:15 <sil2100> * Releasing some of the pending merges as per doko's request

 15:15 <slangasek> tdaitx: it's traditional to draft this in the 5 minutes after the start of the meeting time, but we won't hold you to tradition

 15:15 <sil2100> * Coordingating landing of others

 15:15 <sil2100> * Consulting and packaging help for upstreams during the transition

 15:16 <sil2100> - Shlibs help for some developers wanting to get rid of symbol files

 15:16 <sil2100> - Prepared jenkins job for help in spreadsheet -> bileto migration

 15:16 <sil2100> - Looked into why the URLs from bileto to assign silos are double-urlencoded

 15:16 <sil2100> * This was breaking silo assignment

 15:16 <sil2100> - Finished making commitlogs scripts working with bileto

 15:16 <sil2100> - Migrating a few CI Train spreadsheet entries to bileto, analyzing related problems

 15:16 <sil2100> - Work on a tool to perform a batch landing from the gcc-5 transition silo

 15:16 <sil2100> - Writing script for downloading specific older debs from the overlay PPA

 15:16 <sil2100> - Coordinating enabling the LP overlay translations with the LP team

 15:16 <sil2100> - Re-spinning and re-releasing OTA-5 hotfix for mako devices

 15:16 <sil2100> - Discussions regarding the mako Nokia HERE tarballs and images

 15:16 <sil2100> - Updating the release process for OTA-6

 15:16 <sil2100> - Looking into the livecd-rootfs problem with missing -updates and -security

 15:16 <sil2100> * It's a problem with live-build removing them for ubuntu in lb_chroot_archives

 15:16 <sil2100> (done)

 15:16 <infinity> slangasek: Did you replace sil2100 with ev?

 15:17 <infinity> - Wrangled critical kernel security updates

 15:17 <infinity> - Dealt with fallout and emergency fix for regression from above

 15:17 <infinity> - Lots and lots and lots of SRU work for 14.04.3, reviews and uploads

 15:17 <infinity> - Fixed livecd-rootfs for HWE regressions and lubuntu/kubuntu builds

 15:17 <infinity> - Fixed critical apt autoremove bug breaking 14.04.3 builds

 15:17 <infinity> - Updated powerpc-ibm-utils in unstable and wily

 15:17 <infinity> - Started on the rest of the IBM rtas stack updates for wily (and SRUs to trusty)

 15:17 <infinity> - Random archive admin tasks

 15:17 <infinity> - Performing an experiment to see how long one can attempt to offset caffeine headaches with ibuprofen before they die

 15:17 <infinity> (done)

 15:17 <doko> - trying to keep silo16 up to date

 15:17 <doko> - started silo39 for the library renamings

 15:17 <doko> - pinging ubuntu-touch people to fix things

 15:17 <doko> - some python fixes, necessary for 3.5 as supported version

 15:17 <doko> - start mentoring tiago

 15:17 <doko> - openjdk-7, openjdk-8 security updates, openjdk-9 update

 15:17 <doko> - some GCC 5 bug fixes, and libstdc++ breaks added

 15:17 <doko> (done)

 15:17 <sil2100> I need to start writing my weekly reports in the format of "- Did *stuff*. (done)"

 15:17 <bdmurray> reviewed retracer logs for information about core files still in swift

 15:17 <bdmurray> daisy retracer changes to better handle a failure to get the core file (don't

 15:17 <bdmurray> remove it from the queue as it may be a temporary network issue)

 15:17 <bdmurray> resolved issue with retracer's moving failures due to networking errors to failed queue

 15:17 <bdmurray> confirmed update of daisy on the production daisy frontends is good

 15:17 <bdmurray> research into migration of Errors to a DevOps service

 15:17 <bdmurray> replied to errors bug LP: #1479465 (overlay PPA stuff)

 15:18 <bdmurray> investigation into and discovery of reason for apport test failures

 15:18 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1479465 in Errors "Show the touch overlay PPA in the package versions table" [Undecided,Incomplete] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1479465

 15:18 <bdmurray> updated RT #83411 regarding removing Utopic crashes

 15:18 <bdmurray> investigation into iproute2 increase in crash rate (w/o crashes)

 15:18 <bdmurray> reported systemd bug LP: #1478115

 15:18 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1478115 in systemd (Ubuntu) "using PathExistsGlob in apport-noui.path results in test failures" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1478115

 15:18 <bdmurray> participated in making Ubuntu 14.10 End of Life

 15:18 <bdmurray> updated bugbot to log reporter of no package bugs

 15:18 <bdmurray> ✔ done

 15:18 <sil2100> infinity: how's the experiment so far?

 15:18 <infinity> sil2100: Not dead yet!

 15:18 <sil2100> I don't believe you

 15:20 <slangasek> sil2100: what was misconfigured for the arale images?

 15:20 <sil2100> slangasek: your turn!

 15:21 <sil2100> slangasek: it seems they changed some jenkins urls for custom tarballs for a few channels - or gave us wrong ones from the start

 15:21 <sil2100> But those were for the meizu.zh arale ones

 15:21 <sil2100> So no impact

 15:21 <slangasek> sil2100: ah, ok

 15:22 <slangasek> * discussions around library package renaming for the gcc5 transition

 15:22 <slangasek> * tracking down silos with gcc5 fixes, and giving their owners a nudge

 15:22 <slangasek> * python3.5 transition: fixing most of the build failures caused by no-change rebuilds with python3.5 enabled; roughly 20 problem packages remaining

 15:22 <slangasek> * tracking of the remaining POWER issues for 14.04.3

 15:22 <slangasek> * discussions around proposed-migration blip that caused all test failures to be ignored last night

 15:22 <slangasek> * this week:

 15:22 <slangasek> * follow through on shim SRU before 14.04.3

 15:22 <slangasek> (done)

 15:22 <pitti> only three (but rather long) days to report due to holidays

 15:22 <pitti> autopkgtest cloud:

 15:22 <pitti> - add build-essential to trusty testbeds for test backwards compat

 15:22 <pitti> - analyze/categorize all tmpfails, fix bugs in worker and autopkgtest

 15:22 <pitti> - create LXC worker, and set up AMQP/swift workers for armhf/ppc64el

 15:22 <pitti> - rollout of britney with considering cloud test results, but reverted due to a grave bug in the logic that promoted most things with test regressions

 15:22 <pitti> - sift through the above fallout, fortunately not much actually broke except foolscap's test (still TBI)

 15:22 <pitti> misc:

 15:22 <pitti> - langpack-o-matic: adjust to new potemplate-stats format

 15:22 <pitti> - build new wily langpacks for touch issue (#1478208)

 15:22 <pitti> - help with g++ 5 transition

 15:23 <pitti> - fix apport for python 3.5

 15:23 <pitti> - package systemd 223 (delaying due to alpha-2 freeze)

 15:23 <pitti> [END]

 15:23 <robru> ok

 15:23 <robru> so the universe is exploding

 15:23 <robru> * Finally got live rollout of Bileto to replace CI Train spreadsheet, many back-and-forths with IS to make it happen

 15:24 <robru> * nothing works right now, need to get everythign fixed

 15:24 <robru> (done)

 15:24 <slangasek> robru: is that beyond the double-urlencoding issue?

 15:25 <infinity> pitti: Oh, speaking of langpacks, I'll need some for trusty.

 15:25 <robru> slangasek: yeah for some reason bileto is giving HTTP500 intermittently on some requests

 15:25 <slangasek> robru: I assume the old spreadsheety instance is still up; have you considered asking IS for a DNS rollback?

 15:25 <robru> slangasek: I just asked IS for the logs, no idea why it's failing

 15:25 * pitti waits for https://translations.launchpad.net/ubuntu/trusty/+language-packs to stop timing out

 15:25 <robru> slangasek: pls no

 15:26 <pitti> infinity: I asked on https://translations.launchpad.net/ubuntu/trusty/+language-packs for a full export, but the cron'ed one will be too late; I'll ask wgrant for a manual run

 15:26 <sil2100> The other problem is that I though the spreadsheet would still be supported for the grace period

 15:26 <robru> slangasek: the double-encoding thing shouldn't be horrible to fix quickly but intermittent 500s is a mystery

 15:26 <infinity> pitti: Ta.

 15:26 <slangasek> robru: if the phone team is down right now due to these problems, a rollback would be the right thing to do so you can debug it offline

 15:27 <tdaitx> let me know when I should drop in

 15:27 <infinity> tdaitx: Whenever.

 15:27 <tdaitx> as slangasek said, I have been "drinking from the new-starter firehose"

 15:27 <tdaitx> apart from that...

 15:27 <tdaitx> - fixed a libedit bug for wily proposed; lp #1479474

 15:27 <tdaitx> - fixed conflict and merged bash (4.3-11ubuntu3 and debian's 4.3-13); lp #1479542

 15:27 <tdaitx> - getting familiar to debian/ubuntu packaging process

 15:27 <tdaitx> next steps are:

 15:27 <slangasek> tdaitx: feel free to talk over us :)

 15:27 <tdaitx> - finish the newcomer stuff

 15:27 <robru> slangasek: DNS rollback shouldn't be necessary, the spreadsheet is still online and jenkins still works, it's possible to just use that

 15:27 <tdaitx> - make sense out of the openjdk-7 packaging style

 15:27 <tdaitx> - fix more stuff on ftbfs

 15:27 <tdaitx> - get acquainted with a few openjdk bugs

 15:27 <tdaitx> (done)

 15:27 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1479474 in libedit (Ubuntu) "failure to detect libbsd on build due to wrong LDFLAGS usage" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1479474

 15:27 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1479542 in bash (Ubuntu) "merge Debian 4.3-13 and 4.3-11ubuntu3" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1479542

 15:27 <slangasek> robru: isn't run.sh pointing at a hostname that has been moved?

 15:27 <cyphermox> * trusty SRUs:

 15:27 <cyphermox> - parted 4k sector disk support

 15:27 <cyphermox> - fixed up initial multipath-tools SRU for FC, 4k, udev shared lock

 15:27 <infinity> tdaitx: Pro tip, if you ref those as LP: #1479474, gnome-terminal linkifies them for lazy people like me.

 15:27 <cyphermox> * moar multipath work to SRU bug 1468897 to trusty:

 15:27 <cyphermox> - fixed some udev interaction issues

 15:27 <cyphermox> - lots of testing, on qemu and ppc64el.

 15:28 <slangasek> robru: and is anyone able to find the dashboard?

 15:28 <sil2100> robru: yeah, although I was considering getting the old dashboard setup somewhere to track spreadsheet entries

 15:28 <robru> slangasek: run.sh is pointing at the jenkins instance which is working perfectly.

 15:28 <cyphermox> * debugging ubiquity issue for 14.04.3 with infinity.

 15:28 <cyphermox> * ubiquity cherry-pick for 14.04.3 print flush.

 15:28 <cyphermox> * identified an issue with handling wwids in initramfs in multipath 0.5.0

 15:28 <ubottu> Error: Could not gather data from Launchpad for bug #1468897 (https://launchpad.net/bugs/1468897). The error has been logged

 15:28 <sil2100> robru, slangasek: since the new one is not tracking the spreadsheet at all

 15:28 <cyphermox> - needs fix in partman-multipath and multipath-tools itself

 15:28 <cyphermox> * silo for NetworkManager upload (landing-017)

 15:28 <cyphermox> - testing with ModemManager, given some core changes in NM code.

 15:28 <slangasek> robru: ok, I understood from last night's discussion that IS was updating the target of that DNS name

 15:28 <cyphermox> * uploaded skiboot (opal-prd) to wily NEW queue.

 15:28 <cyphermox> ⒹⓄⓃⒺ

 15:28 <pitti> infinity: or just click on the autogenerated links from ubottu ;)

 15:28 <tdaitx> infinity, noted =)

 15:28 <infinity> pitti: The bot's not in every channel. :P

 15:28 <sil2100> robru, slangasek: we could also switch the spreadsheet to use the new location for the config files for silos and still work in the background

 15:28 <robru> slangasek: yes they changed the DNS to point at the jenkins instance that is actually being used.

 15:28 <bdmurray> infinity: terminator linkify's them too fwiw

 15:29 <infinity> bdmurray: Well, it's vte that does it, I think.

 15:29 <sil2100> robru, slangasek: since the dashboard only supports bileto right now, I would also opt for a mass migration of existing spreadsheet entries to bileto, since right now there's no flow control on the old landings

 15:30 <slangasek> cyphermox: is the wwids-in-initramfs problem a regression in the last SRU / blocker for 14.04.3?

 15:30 <cyphermox> slangasek: no, it's an issue with that pesky thing of ignoring USB devices and non-mpath disks

 15:30 <slangasek> ok

 15:31 <slangasek> any other questions over status?

 15:31 <cyphermox> (but it's a bug in wily too, since we don't have the wwids file there either, not sure why people haven't reported it)

 15:31 <slangasek> because nobody runs a server on an Ubuntu development series, and especially not one using multipath?

 15:31 <cyphermox> some people do test multipath on wily...

 15:32 <cyphermox> I like to think I'm not the only one :)

 15:32 <slangasek> well

 15:33 <slangasek> if it makes you happy to think that ;-)

 15:33 <cyphermox> it does! :D

 15:33 <slangasek> [TOPIC] AOB

 15:33 <slangasek> oh wait

 15:33 <slangasek> [TOPIC] Sprinting

 15:33 <tdaitx> charles, wouldn't it be possible to automate multipath tests using qemu as well?

 15:33 <cyphermox> tdaitx: I do :)

 15:33 <tdaitx> ops, cyphermox ^

 15:34 <slangasek> we have a sprint in the works

 15:34 <cyphermox> tdaitx: I keep preseeds for this stuff at http://people.canonical.com/~mtrudel/preseed/

 15:34 <slangasek> the details are not completely finalized yet (location, etc) but we have a week set

 15:34 <slangasek> September 14

 15:35 <slangasek> 14-18

 15:35 <slangasek> so please mark your calendars

 15:35 <cyphermox> slangasek: back to a full week?

 15:35 <sil2100> Sprint? Uh oh

 15:36 <infinity> slangasek: I vote somewhere with English accents and Parliament.

 15:36 <slangasek> cyphermox: had we ever stopped sprints being full-week?

 15:36 <sil2100> Hope it's in Europ

 15:36 <sil2100> *Europe

 15:36 <slangasek> infinity: I hear there are people agitating to have it somewhere tropical

 15:36 <slangasek> by which I mean Florida, not somewhere fun

 15:36 <infinity> slangasek: Those people are crazy.

 15:36 <slangasek> :)

 15:36 <infinity> slangasek: Oh, gross.

 15:36 <slangasek> anyway, I'll keep you all posted

 15:36 <sil2100> Not the US, oh no please no

 15:36 <infinity> slangasek: Every time I have to sprint in Orlando, I die a little inside.

 15:37 <slangasek> or more likely you'll get an email direct from msm the moment it's decided

 15:37 <pitti> sil2100: last EU sprint was a while ago indeed

 15:37 <slangasek> infinity: but it's the happiest place on earth!

 15:37 * tdaitx is a not tropical kind of guy

 15:37 <infinity> slangasek: That's Anaheim.

 15:37 <cyphermox> it's tropical enough here in Montreal this week :)

 15:37 <slangasek> or wait, not the happiest place on earth... the happiest place in the other thing

 15:38 <cyphermox> slangasek: in florida?

 15:38 <slangasek> actually Miami was mooted but I don't know if that'll fly

 15:38 <infinity> slangasek: Orlando is the happiest place in Orlando.  That's about the best it can manage.

 15:38 <infinity> slangasek: Miami's a whole different story, it has culture.  I'd do that!

 15:38 <slangasek> sil2100: do you have your passport situation sorted yet?

 15:39 <sil2100> slangasek: hm, I'll have to drive to get a new one, since indeed the previous one will be invalid by that time

 15:40 <sil2100> slangasek: thanks for the reminder!

 15:40 <sil2100> ;p

 15:40 <slangasek> :)

 15:40 <slangasek> [TOPIC] AOB

 15:40 <slangasek> ok - anything else?

 15:41 <infinity> If anyone has anything they need to get onto 14.04.3 images, your deadline is about a week ago.  HTH, HAND.

 15:42 <bdmurray> infinity: in bug 1471903 sil2100 mentions -updates being removed by live-build

 15:42 <ubottu> bug 1471903 in livecd-rootfs (Ubuntu) "-updates, -security missing from apt lists" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1471903

 15:42 <sil2100> Yeah

 15:42 <bdmurray> infinity: would that also happen with 14.04.3 images?

 15:43 <sil2100> The ubuntu-remove-non-release-lists.patch patch does that

 15:43 <infinity> bdmurray: Yeah, that's by design.   I'm unconvinced that fixing it will fix anything.

 15:43 <sil2100> bdmurray: the rationale of this patch makes sense for desktop, sadly not for a system with a read-only filesystem

 15:44 <infinity> bdmurray: Since we do things like run apt-get update in the installer, which then invalidates any out of date packages anyway.

 15:44 <slangasek> infinity: it will fix the packages on the image that are installed from -updates and -security being shown as being of unknown source

 15:44 <infinity> bdmurray: Anyhow, we can discuss it out of meeting.

 15:44 <slangasek> whether this is worth the cost is another question

 15:44 <bdmurray> infinity: if the origin for a package is unknown you can't use ubuntu-bug so then you can't use it when running a live cd before installing.

 15:45 <infinity> slangasek: It only fixes them until they're out of date again.

 15:45 <slangasek> infinity: yes, you run apt-get update in the installer, but not for the live system

 15:45 <infinity> slangasek: Are the majority of our bugs on livecds not from the installer environment?

 15:46 <slangasek> infinity: how do we know, given that people can't report them? ;)

 15:46 <sil2100> hah, indeed

 15:46 <slangasek> anyway, let's discuss outside meeting as suggested

 15:46 <slangasek> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)