== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 21 May at 15:05 &mdash; 15:34 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2015/ubuntu-meeting.2015-05-21-15.05.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lighting round ===
The discussion about "Lighting round" started at 15:05.


=== AOB ===
The discussion about "AOB" started at 15:25.

  * ''LINK:'' http://bugs.debian.org/cgi-bin/pkgreport.cgi?tag=ftbfs-gcc-5;users=debian-gcc@lists.debian.org 



== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * slangasek (38)
 * sil2100 (34)
 * cyphermox (17)
 * robru (17)
 * ubottu (16)
 * caribou (12)
 * barry (12)
 * jodh (11)
 * bdmurray (11)
 * doko (9)
 * stgraber (3)
 * meetingology (3)
 * mvo (3)



== Full Log ==


 15:05 <slangasek> #startmeeting

 15:05 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu May 21 15:05:24 2015 UTC.  The chair is slangasek. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 15:05 <meetingology> 

 15:05 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 15:05 <slangasek> [TOPIC] Lighting round

 15:05 <slangasek> $ echo $(shuf -e barry doko stgraber jodh bdmurray slangasek caribou infinity mvo sil2100 robru cyphermox)

 15:05 <slangasek> cyphermox infinity bdmurray stgraber sil2100 caribou mvo doko barry jodh slangasek robru

 15:05 <cyphermox> I win!

 15:06 <cyphermox> * moar grub2 triage

 15:06 <cyphermox> * discussions with Tony on how to deal with NM>ofono bugs.

 15:06 <cyphermox> * discussion on versioning for NM with phone overlay

 15:06 <cyphermox> * debugging NM routing bug; almost done (still has an extra no-metric network route)

 15:06 <cyphermox> * Monday was a national holiday

 15:06 <cyphermox> * grub2 cherry-picks (in debian git)

 15:06 <cyphermox> * Fix handling of --disk-module option (debian 746596, bug 1309735)

 15:06 <cyphermox> * Fix double-free of LV names for mdraid (bug 1330963)

 15:06 <ubottu> Debian bug 746596 in grub2-common "grub-install --disk-module option is referenced in the help, but no longer works" [Normal,Open] http://bugs.debian.org/746596

 15:06 <cyphermox> * debug grub2-signed chaining when multiple bootable media are available (bug 1097570)

 15:06 <ubottu> bug 1309735 in grub2 (Ubuntu) "The "--disk-module=MODULE" option of "grub-install" works wrong in Grub 2.02~beta2-9" [Medium,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1309735

 15:06 <ubottu> bug 1330963 in grub2 (Ubuntu) "grub-probe: double free or corruption in some rare cases" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1330963

 15:06 <ubottu> bug 1097570 in grub2 (Ubuntu Precise) "grub2-signed can not find the right device when there are two filesystems containing the file '.disk/info'." [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1097570

 15:06 <cyphermox> * considering merging tzsetup:

 15:06 <cyphermox> - looked at it, reviewed server oem setup

 15:06 <cyphermox> (done)

 15:08 <slangasek> no infinity?

 15:08 <slangasek> bdmurray:

 15:08 <bdmurray> modified errors to reduce number of releases shown in legend so we can see more of it

 15:08 <bdmurray> modified daisy to log more information when encountering a MaximumRetryException

 15:08 <bdmurray> call regarding assets.ubuntu.com and errors.u.c use of it

 15:08 <bdmurray> worked with pitti / jibel regarding autopkg tests for utopic being in progress

 15:08 <bdmurray> worked on launchpad ddeb grabbing in apport

 15:08 <bdmurray> talked to ci about boottest failures for vivid and proposed-migration

 15:08 <bdmurray> tested whoopsie on wily live cd

 15:08 <bdmurray> investigation into python-pip - LP: #1324391

 15:08 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1324391 in python-pip (Ubuntu Trusty) "pip 1.5.4 import an invalid dependencies " [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1324391

 15:08 <bdmurray> overrode python-pip regressions for phased updater

 15:08 <bdmurray> âœ” done

 15:09 <sil2100> No stgraber?

 15:10 <caribou> ODS I suppose ?

 15:10 <stgraber> sorry, around

 15:10 <sil2100> o/

 15:10 <stgraber> I've been doing LXD stuff all this time, well, that and sprinting and vacation.

 15:10 <stgraber> (done)

 15:10 <sil2100> \o/

 15:10 <sil2100> This week more or less:

 15:10 <sil2100> - Landing team work, silo coordination, preparing landing e-mails

 15:10 <sil2100> - Created a list of channels as per the new channel rearrangements

 15:10 <sil2100> - Synced the new info to the developer.ubuntu.com channel webpage

 15:10 <sil2100> - RTM status meetings and discussions

 15:10 <sil2100> - Preparations for OTA-4

 15:10 <sil2100> - Updating various parts of the landing documentation

 15:10 <sil2100> - CI Train development:

 15:10 <sil2100> * Fixed syncing code to work for the new landing schemas

 15:11 <sil2100> * Started poking on possible dual-landing approaches

 15:11 <sil2100> - System-image server:

 15:11 <sil2100> * Helped Barry with the system-image server .es alias/redirect madness

 15:11 <sil2100> * Picked up dropped branch for keep-orphaned

 15:11 <sil2100> - Updated landing tracker scripts to stop caring about RTM

 15:11 <sil2100> - Work on enabling commitlogs once again - not finished yet

 15:11 <sil2100> - Setup William's script to auto-close RTM bugs on overlay uploads

 15:11 <sil2100> - Added modifications to the script above to e-mail changes for uploads (like to MLs)

 15:11 <sil2100> - Sent out bi-monthly status update to Alan for the EOW podcast

 15:11 <sil2100> (done)

 15:11 <caribou> Bugfix:

 15:11 <caribou> - Squid deb proxy startup race condition (Bug: 1456662)

 15:11 <ubottu> bug 1456662 in squid-deb-proxy (Ubuntu Trusty) "squid-deb-proxy fails to resolve dns entry : needs to be restarted" [Medium,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1456662

 15:11 <caribou> * Found tentative solution with mvo's help. Need to talk to maas

 15:11 <caribou> before SRU

 15:11 <caribou> - kdump startup issues with runlevel S

 15:11 <caribou> * CEPH startup seems to be the culprit. Still starts even before

 15:11 <caribou> runlevel is issued

 15:12 <caribou> - makedumpfile kernel support

 15:12 <caribou> * Investigate "unsupported

 15:12 <caribou> kernel" messages

 15:12 <caribou> (done)

 15:14 <slangasek> and no mvo, so doko:

 15:15 <slangasek> we'll come back to doko

 15:15 <slangasek> barry:

 15:15 <barry> si: LP: #1455119; LP: #1455077; LP: #1454447; si client 3.0 (finally!) landed in wily; convert si client vcs to git

 15:15 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1455119 in Ubuntu system image "'copy-image' resulted in an image embedding the wrong channel name" [Critical,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1455119

 15:16 <ubottu> Error: Launchpad bug 1455077 could not be found

 15:16 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1454447 in Ubuntu system image "/etc/system-image/config.d created with too restricted permissions" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1454447

 15:16 <barry> debuntu: python-lockfile sponsorship; debian bug #785242; debian bug #785059; debian bug #785633 (still unresolved); python-cachecontrol 0.11.4-1; distlib packaging converted to git and moved to lp:~pythoneers (w/ 0.2.0-2 uploaded); DPMT git migration script work

 15:16 <ubottu> Debian bug 785242 in wnpp "ITP: python-pluggy -- plugin and hook calling mechanism for python" [Wishlist,Open] http://bugs.debian.org/785242

 15:16 <ubottu> Debian bug 785059 in wnpp "ITP: python-cachecontrol -- a port of the caching algorithms in httplib2 for use with requests session object" [Wishlist,Fixed] http://bugs.debian.org/785059

 15:16 <ubottu> Debian bug 785633 in schroot "schroot: union-type has broken" [Important,Open] http://bugs.debian.org/785633

 15:16 <barry> other: bisect dist-upgrades and discovered wily regression in unity (LP: #1456761)

 15:16 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1456761 in unity (Ubuntu) "unity upgrade prevents full desktop after login" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1456761

 15:16 <barry> --done--

 15:17 <jodh> * upstart

 15:17 <jodh> - Testing and process to get the fix for bug 1447756 landed for the

 15:17 <ubottu> bug 1447756 in Canonical System Image "segfault in log.c code causes phone reboot loops" [Critical,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1447756

 15:17 <jodh> next touch OTA. Thanks to sil2100 for all his help!

 15:17 <jodh> * snappy

 15:17 <jodh> - Improving tests for upgrader and selftest.

 15:17 <jodh> * misc

 15:17 <jodh> - Out Monday-Wednesday next week.

 15:17 <jodh> ???

 15:18 <slangasek> is that an end marker? :)

 15:18 <jodh> sorry, locale issues :)

 15:19 <jodh> but yes, an end marker of sorts

 15:19 <slangasek> haha, ok

 15:19 <cyphermox> jodh: move on to ascii art.

 15:19 <slangasek> * phone work:

 15:19 <jodh> cyphermox: :D

 15:19 <slangasek> * some work reviewing/shepherding bug #1447756

 15:19 <slangasek> * reconfiguring the phone channels per the proposed naming scheme earlier, to coincide with the move to wily

 15:20 <ubottu> bug 1447756 in Canonical System Image "segfault in log.c code causes phone reboot loops" [Critical,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1447756

 15:20 <slangasek> * worked with ondra on a cache corruption bug #1455605 when a user downloads images from both public and private system-image servers

 15:20 <ubottu> bug 1455605 in goget-ubuntu-touch (Ubuntu) "ubuntu-device-flash should verify signature in cache matches current keyring before flashing" [Undecided,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1455605

 15:20 <slangasek> * will be rotating the signing key for system-images today

 15:20 <slangasek> * after that, have one more round of channel renames to finish, probably not today

 15:20 <slangasek> * off tomorrow and Monday for Memorial Day, back Tuesday

 15:20 <slangasek> (done)

 15:20 <slangasek> robru:

 15:20 <robru> CI Train spreadsheet replacement:

 15:20 <robru> * several iterations of the charm

 15:20 <robru> - configured for apache2 reverseproxy setup

 15:20 <robru> - setting up to launch gunicorn effectively

 15:20 <robru> - fixed a pile of runtime permission issues

 15:20 <robru> * backported gunicorn3, python3-flask-openid, python3-openid to trusty-cat-ue

 15:20 <robru> * lp:canonical-mojo-specs

 15:20 <robru> - tons of fiddly little work enabling and integrating new spreadsheet replacement charm

 15:20 <robru> * various landings as usual

 15:20 <robru> (done)

 15:20 <sil2100> robru: bileto looking nice so far!

 15:20 <robru> sil2100: thanks!

 15:21 <slangasek> :)

 15:21 <slangasek> alright

 15:21 <slangasek> so no infinity doko or mvo showing up

 15:21 <slangasek> any questions on the above?

 15:21 <cyphermox> I assume bileto is the name for the new spreadsheet?

 15:21 <robru> cyphermox: yep

 15:22 <cyphermox> cool.

 15:22 <sil2100> cyphermox: yes, since calling it 'spreadsheet replacement' all the time was really a bit sad ;)

 15:22 <barry> robru: what's the eta for no-spreadsheet?

 15:22 <barry> or is that bileto?

 15:22 <robru> barry: tough to say. there's lots of little fiddly bits to iron out, and some other priorities just popped up. but Soon(TM)

 15:22 <sil2100> barry: it's bileto, that's the codename alright

 15:23 <slangasek> aha, an mvo!

 15:23 <slangasek> mvo:

 15:23 <mvo> did: vacation (yay), snappy work, little bit of apt work

 15:23 <mvo> (done)

 15:23 <barry> sil2100, robru we will have to pop some e-champagne on that day

 15:23 <slangasek> :-)

 15:23 <robru> barry: hell yes

 15:23 <mvo> sorry guys, conflicting meeting :/

 15:24 <slangasek> e-champagne?  how do you put champagne in an e-cigarette?

 15:24 <barry> slangasek: well, i've heard they have this powered alcohol now

 15:24 <robru> barry: it gives you quite the buzz

 15:25 <barry> robru: git gives me all the buzz i need

 15:25 <slangasek> [TOPIC] AOB

 15:25 <sil2100> I say that instead of bileto what we really should do is implement our own google spreadsheet, and make our train spreadsheet working on that!

 15:25 <barry> monday is a usa holiday; i'll be out

 15:26 <bdmurray> as will I

 15:26 <cyphermox> sil2100: nah, sharing odf's is easier.

 15:26 <robru> sil2100: http://www.reactiongifs.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/12/twitchy.gif

 15:26 <sil2100> Uh oh!

 15:26 <doko> oops

 15:26 <slangasek> doko: hi

 15:26 <slangasek> want to update us?

 15:26 <barry> robru: is that a screen share?

 15:27 <slangasek> live video feed

 15:27 <robru> barry: yeah I found a way to share google hangouts in irc

 15:27 <doko> not much, basically openjdk-9 now in the archive, python3.5 in the archive, and still working on gcc-5

 15:27 <barry> doko: py3.5 -- \o/

 15:27 <sil2100> doko: any ETA on gcc-5?

 15:28 <doko> sil2100, as default?

 15:28 <sil2100> Yeah

 15:28 <doko> sil2100, start fixing ftbfs ...

 15:28 <sil2100> Since I saw uploads happening recently

 15:28 <sil2100> hah, ok, so unknown for now

 15:28 <sil2100> ;)

 15:28 <doko> no, not yet, currently documenting things in https://wiki.debian.org/GCC5

 15:29 <doko> but really, every fixed build failure would help

 15:30 * slangasek nods

 15:30 <doko> http://bugs.debian.org/cgi-bin/pkgreport.cgi?tag=ftbfs-gcc-5;users=debian-gcc@lists.debian.org

 15:30 <slangasek> doko: can you remind us the current list of GCC5 build failures?  I was looking for it the other day and the latest that turned up in my search was from February

 15:30 <slangasek> doko: ah, maybe it's that :)

 15:30 <sil2100> I would volunteer to help, but I don't want to declare myself without being sure to have time

 15:31 <doko> slangasek, and see the two links at the bottom of the wiki package

 15:31 <slangasek> ok

 15:31 <sil2100> But I'll try to squeeze some cycles, wouldn't mind some C/C++ once in a while

 15:31 <doko> and build logs for the ubuntu builds are at http://people.canonical.com/~doko/tmp/test-rebuilds-20150402/

 15:32 <slangasek> ok - anything else today?

 15:34 <slangasek> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)