== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting: ubuntu-server-team, 30 Jun at 16:00 &mdash; 16:09 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2015/ubuntu-meeting.2015-06-30-16.00.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Review ACTION points from previous meeting ===
The discussion about "Review ACTION points from previous meeting" started at 16:00.


=== Wily Development ===
The discussion about "Wily Development" started at 16:00.

  * ''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/WilyWerewolf/ReleaseSchedule 
 * '''Release Bugs''' (16:00)
  * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-w-tracking-bug-tasks.html#ubuntu-server 

=== Server & Cloud Bugs (caribou) ===
The discussion about "Server & Cloud Bugs (caribou)" started at 16:02.


=== Weekly Updates & Questions for the QA Team (matsubara) ===
The discussion about "Weekly Updates & Questions for the QA Team (matsubara)" started at 16:02.


=== Weekly Updates & Questions for the Kernel Team (smb, sforshee, arges) ===
The discussion about "Weekly Updates & Questions for the Kernel Team (smb, sforshee, arges)" started at 16:03.


=== Upcoming Call For Papers ===
The discussion about "Upcoming Call For Papers" started at 16:04.


=== Ubuntu Server Team Events ===
The discussion about "Ubuntu Server Team Events" started at 16:05.


=== Open Discussion ===
The discussion about "Open Discussion" started at 16:05.


=== Announce next meeting date, time and chair ===
The discussion about "Announce next meeting date, time and chair" started at 16:08.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * rbasak (30)
 * hallyn (4)
 * rharper (4)
 * meetingology (3)
 * matsubara (3)
 * zul (2)
 * smb (2)
 * ubottu (1)
 * caribou (1)



== Full Log ==


 16:00 <rbasak> #startmeeting ubuntu-server-team

 16:00 <meetingology> Meeting started Tue Jun 30 16:00:10 2015 UTC.  The chair is rbasak. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:00 <meetingology> 

 16:00 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 16:00 <rbasak> #topic Review ACTION points from previous meeting

 16:00 <rbasak> No actions from previous meeting

 16:00 <rbasak> #topic Wily Development

 16:00 <rbasak> #link https://wiki.ubuntu.com/WilyWerewolf/ReleaseSchedule

 16:00 <rbasak> Any general Wily Development issues to discuss before we go to the release bugs?

 16:00 <rbasak> #subtopic Release Bugs

 16:00 <rbasak> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-w-tracking-bug-tasks.html#ubuntu-server

 16:01 <rbasak> I see six bugs. Anything in here that needs discussing?

 16:02 <rbasak> #topic Server & Cloud Bugs (caribou)

 16:02 <rbasak> caribou: over to you

 16:02 <caribou> rbasak: nothing on my side for this week

 16:02 <rbasak> OK, thanks.

 16:02 <rbasak> #topic Weekly Updates & Questions for the QA Team (matsubara)

 16:02 <rbasak> matsubara: anything from you?

 16:03 <matsubara> hey there, nothing new to report from the smoke test front. I'll be doing verification for bug 1443735 SRU later on today.

 16:03 <ubottu> bug 1443735 in grub2 (Ubuntu Vivid) "recordfail false positive causes headless servers to hang on boot by default" [High,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1443735

 16:03 <matsubara> rbasak, that's all from me.

 16:03 <rbasak> Great, thanks!

 16:03 <matsubara> np

 16:03 <rbasak> #topic Weekly Updates & Questions for the Kernel Team (smb, sforshee, arges)

 16:03 <smb> No news here is there are no questions / requests...

 16:03 <smb> s/is/if/

 16:03 <rbasak> Does anyone have anything for the kernel team?

 16:04 <rbasak> #topic Upcoming Call For Papers

 16:04 <rharper> \o

 16:05 <rbasak> #topic Ubuntu Server Team Events

 16:05 <rbasak> Nothing? :)

 16:05 <rbasak> #topic Open Discussion

 16:05 <rharper> rbasak: at least for the upcoming papers, the ODS for Tokyo submission is open

 16:06 <rbasak> OK

 16:06 <rbasak> Does anyone have anything planned for ODS?

 16:06 <rharper> I'm sure hallyn will do something with lxd =)

 16:06 <rbasak> I look forward to hearing about it :)

 16:06 <hallyn> uh, yeah

 16:06 <hallyn> no doubt

 16:07 <hallyn> actually i'd assume zul will

 16:07 <rbasak> Anything else for upcoming CFPs, events, or open discussion?

 16:07 <zul> hallyn: erm...yeah

 16:07 <zul> who wouldnt want to go to the future...i mean tokyo

 16:08 <rharper> zul: +1

 16:08 <hallyn> +1

 16:08 <rbasak> #topic Announce next meeting date, time and chair

 16:08 <rbasak> The next meeting will be at Tue Jul 7 16:00:00 UTC 2015

 16:09 <rbasak> matsubara will chair

 16:09 <rbasak> Thanks all

 16:09 <rbasak> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)