== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 19 Nov at 16:02 &mdash; 16:42 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2015/ubuntu-meeting.2015-11-19-16.02.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning round ===
The discussion about "Lightning round" started at 16:03.


=== AOB ===
The discussion about "AOB" started at 16:23.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * infinity (58)
 * slangasek (54)
 * pitti (39)
 * cyphermox (36)
 * sil2100 (20)
 * ubottu (18)
 * tdaitx (18)
 * xnox (16)
 * bdmurray (15)
 * doko (11)
 * robru (10)
 * caribou (7)
 * barry (5)
 * meetingology (3)



== Full Log ==


 16:02 <slangasek> #startmeeting

 16:02 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Nov 19 16:02:21 2015 UTC.  The chair is slangasek. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:02 <meetingology> 

 16:02 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 16:03 <slangasek> [TOPIC] Lightning round

 16:04 <slangasek> $ echo $(shuf -e barry doko bdmurray slangasek caribou infinity sil2100 robru cyphermox pitti tdaitx xnox)

 16:04 <slangasek> cyphermox doko robru infinity caribou slangasek barry tdaitx pitti xnox sil2100 bdmurray

 16:04 <cyphermox> winnage!

 16:04 <cyphermox> - more ubiquity prototyping for kernel signature enforcing.

 16:04 <cyphermox> - discussed prototype with design team for feedback

 16:04 <cyphermox> - ipmitool SRUs for bug LP: #1509896 (vivid, wily)

 16:04 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1509896 in ipmitool (Ubuntu Wily) "IPMI USB SCSI endpoint discovery can fail on OpenPower machines" [Medium,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1509896

 16:04 <cyphermox> - grub2 ofdisk/sas disk detection fix for bug LP: #1517586

 16:04 <cyphermox> - xenial and SRUs.

 16:04 <cyphermox> - continuing on netcfg work (bug LP: #1452202)

 16:04 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1517586 in grub2 (Ubuntu) "can't boot to disk from netboot on power8" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1517586

 16:04 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1452202 in netcfg (Ubuntu) "ubuntu preseed install fails to set a hostname" [Medium,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1452202

 16:04 <cyphermox> - also back on that lvm cyclic dependency issue.

 16:04 <cyphermox> - fixed update bug in sbuild-launchpad-chroot.

 16:04 <cyphermox> ♚ ♜

 16:05 <pitti> is that a checkmate?

 16:05 <cyphermox> ^ obligatory end transmission UTF characters.

 16:05 <infinity> pitti: No, it's romance.

 16:05 <infinity> Forbidden love.

 16:05 <bdmurray> cyphermox: is the lvm issue that upgrade bug?

 16:05 <cyphermox> bdmurray: yes!

 16:05 * sil2100 starts browsing the UTF character table

 16:06 <pitti> king and castle could both beat each other, veery romantic :)

 16:06 <robru> no doko?

 16:06 <infinity> He's probably too busy abusing xnox on mumble.

 16:06 <xnox> he was trolling my uploads in private message a minute ago...

 16:06 <doko> - addressing binutils regressions on s390x and ppc64el

 16:06 <doko> - ISL 0.15 transition (ongoing, involving gcc backports, gcc-* uploads)

 16:06 <doko> - review and upload openjdk-6 and openjdk-7 packages

 16:06 <doko> - merges

 16:06 <doko> (done)

 16:07 <robru> lp:cupstream2distro

 16:07 <robru> - Force xenial in xenial+vivid to main archive.

 16:07 <robru> - Total overhaul of the way train monitors and reports silo statuses

 16:07 <robru> - Permanently disable jenkins CLI due to security vulnerability.

 16:07 <robru> lp:bileto

 16:07 <robru> - minor display tweaks to match new status format

 16:07 <robru> other

 16:07 <robru> - experiments with autopkgtests in silos and enabling britney but nothing conclusive yet

 16:07 <robru> (done)

 16:07 <infinity> Brain melty sort of week, with vague updates to match:

 16:07 <infinity> - s390x stuff

 16:07 <infinity> - kernely things

 16:07 <infinity> - argued with glibc a bit

 16:07 <infinity> - AA misc

 16:07 <infinity> - SRU whatsits

 16:07 <infinity> (done)

 16:07 <caribou> Bugfix :

 16:07 <caribou> - Precise SAN/LVM boot hang

 16:07 <caribou> LP: #1506550 - quassel sound bug

 16:07 <caribou> LP: #1496317 - kdump OOM killer failure

 16:08 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1506550 in quassel (Ubuntu) "quassel can't play audio notifications in wily" [Low,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1506550

 16:08 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1496317 in kexec-tools (Ubuntu) "kexec fails with OOM killer with the current crashkernel=128 value" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1496317

 16:08 <caribou> Sosreport autopkgtests & packaging

 16:08 <caribou> (done)

 16:09 <slangasek> * merges

 16:09 <slangasek> * s390x bootstrapping

 16:09 <slangasek> * worked through bug in udevd SIGBUSing on the phones (bug #1512323)

 16:09 <slangasek> * worked around a binutils hang that was causing util-linux to FTBFS on ppc64el (bug #1516444)

 16:09 <slangasek> * secureboot installer design discussions

 16:09 <ubottu> bug 1512323 in android (Ubuntu) "devices on devel-proposed/ubuntu do not boot with systemd 227-2ubuntu1" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1512323

 16:09 <ubottu> bug 1516444 in binutils (Ubuntu) "ld hangs indefinitely statically linking binutils on ppc64el" [Medium,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1516444

 16:09 <slangasek> (done)

 16:09 <barry> debuntu: fades 4-1 (review, sponsor); LP: #1516688 (submitted upstream, have yet to hear back from maintainers); LP: #1440375 (mp submitted); pycurl 7.19.5.3-1 and 7.19.5.3-1ubuntu1; python-webob 1.5.1-1

 16:09 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1516688 in apt-xapian-index (Ubuntu) "Port to Python 3" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1516688

 16:10 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1440375 in oneconf (Ubuntu) "oneconf-common should use python3 by default" [Medium,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1440375

 16:10 <barry> si: LP: #1386302; LP: #1380678 (for si 3.1)

 16:10 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1386302 in Ubuntu system image "Provide ability to specify a target system image revision" [High,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1386302

 16:10 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1380678 in Ubuntu system image "Remove deprecated D-Bus method .Info()" [High,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1380678

 16:10 <barry> various reviews of various system-image server, ubuntu-release-upgrader branches; other python help here and there

 16:10 <barry> ⛈⛱

 16:10 <tdaitx> Current/Past

 16:10 <tdaitx> - IcedTea 6b37 1.13.9 and 7u91 2.6.3 released on Friday (2015-11-13); couldn't get a Xenial LXC running, reverted to schroot; packaged both on my PPA; thanks doko for reviewing them =)

 16:10 <tdaitx> - Provided OpenJDK 7u91 2.6.3 packages for the security team (new update for Wily and backports for Vivid, Trusty, and Precise)

 16:10 <tdaitx> - Provided Wily backport for libcommons-collections3-apache to security team (LP: #1514985)

 16:10 <tdaitx> - Looking into arm+powerpc build failures in OpenJDK 8 & 9

 16:10 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1514985 in libcommons-collections4-java (Ubuntu) "Arbitrary remote code execution with InvokerTransformer" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1514985

 16:10 <tdaitx> Next steps

 16:10 <tdaitx> - provide OpenJDK 6b37 1.13.9 packages for the security team

 16:10 <tdaitx> - continue working on TCK packaging and charms

 16:10 <tdaitx> - work on joda-time and freeipmi merges, then move to squid3

 16:10 <tdaitx> - verify OpenJDK 6 TLS patch (LP: #1482924)

 16:10 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1482924 in openjdk-7 (Ubuntu) "Regressions due to USN-2696-1" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1482924

 16:10 <tdaitx> Waiting/On hold

 16:10 <tdaitx> - waiting OCA to submit webrevs for 7093640 backport (set TLS 1.1 as default for JDK 6 and TLS 1.2 as default for JDK 7); not blocking anything for now, just waiting

 16:10 <tdaitx> (done)

 16:11 <pitti> == autopkgtest ==

 16:11 <pitti> - Detect temporary DNS failures and auto-retry on those

 16:11 <pitti> - Counteract livecd-rootfs hack from LP #1510345 harder to unbreak local QEMU images

 16:11 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1510345 in cloud-init (Ubuntu Xenial) "[SRU] Cloud Images do not bring up networking w/ certain virtual NICs due to device naming rules" [Undecided,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1510345

 16:11 <pitti> - Hotfix regression from cloud-init change (#1177432) that caused the wrong source versions to be downloaded (#1517426)

 16:11 <pitti> - Some smaller bug fixes

 16:11 <pitti> - Create https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ProposedMigration/LocalSetup and scripts to initialize britney, mostly for robru's train integration

 16:11 <pitti> - about a full day's worth of autopkgtest infrastructure maintenance

 16:11 <pitti> - In progress: Integrate http://autopkgtest.ubuntu.com/running.html prototype into debci, make it more useful and robust

 16:11 <pitti> == systemd ==

 16:11 <pitti> - Fix autopkgtest failures on ppc64el and in LXC (armhf), file console-setup bug (#1516591)

 16:11 <pitti> - Fix race condition in resolvconf integration

 16:11 <pitti> - Greatly improve networkd tests; plan: land them upstream and running them on every pull request in semaphore

 16:11 <pitti> - Fix build on arm, forward slangasek's siphash alignment patch upstream and complete it (#1512323)

 16:11 <pitti> - investigate various regressions in upstream master, QA the 228 release, package it

 16:11 <pitti> - Improve some of our autopkgtest cases

 16:11 <pitti> == misc ==

 16:11 <pitti> - meeting about test machines for ubiquity/upgrade tests (aiming at nested QEMU in Scalingstack)

 16:11 <pitti> - make some experiments for the above; works good enough for autopkgtests, but ubiquity ISO tests are currently failing in Scalingstack (works fine locally)

 16:11 <pitti> EOT

 16:11 <cyphermox> pitti: ubiquity tests, yay

 16:12 <xnox> * back from vacation

 16:12 <xnox> * configured irc, ssh, vpn, etc.

 16:12 <xnox> * uploaded a few merges / sync

 16:12 <xnox> * replied to a bunch of emails

 16:12 <xnox> AbEnd

 16:12 <sil2100> - Landing team work, silo coordination, preparing landing e-mails

 16:12 <sil2100> - RTM Status meetings

 16:12 <sil2100> - OTA-8: * Preparing manual re-spins in the rc channel, prepping snapshots, tagging images * Preparing release notes and commitlogs * Emergency langpack re-spin madness a day before release

 16:12 <sil2100> - system-image: * Deploying new image tag functionality, final live testing * Investigating bugs in delta handling * Some additional work on the testability branch

 16:12 <sil2100> - +1-maintenance: * Preparing sync request for jansson

 16:12 <sil2100> - Modifying snapshotting script to consider changes in the main archive (for OTA hotfixes)

 16:12 <sil2100> - Preparing miniature script for safe image copies during touch image promotion

 16:13 <sil2100> - Started work on modifying the auto-phasing scripts

 16:13 <sil2100> - Help in resolving packaging issues for trust-store and platform-api

 16:13 <sil2100> - Preliminary packaging review of the new gmenuharness package

 16:13 <sil2100> - Prepare for re-try on core-dev

 16:13 <sil2100> ✁

 16:13 <sil2100> (the scissors mark the end, just so you know)

 16:13 <bdmurray> research into quantity of crashes from the stable channel before and after apport change

 16:13 <bdmurray> updated /tested apport on production retracers

 16:13 <bdmurray> uploaded backport of xenial gdb to daisy pluckers PPA

 16:13 <bdmurray> remove a systemd SAS from a bucket to see if it will retrace better w/ new apport version                                                                   tested retracing of systemd crashes

 16:13 <bdmurray> submitted RT to have gdb updated on the retracers

 16:13 <bdmurray> worked with thomi regarding a xorg retrace failure

 16:13 <bdmurray> reported apport bug regarding using crash's version of gdb

 16:13 <bdmurray> SRU verification of whoopsie bug LP: #1382233

 16:13 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1382233 in whoopsie (Ubuntu Wily) "whoopsie does not upload UnreportableReason field in crash reports" [High,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1382233

 16:13 <bdmurray> investigated martin's idea of using has_useful_stacktrace() from apport

 16:13 <bdmurray> wrote a test for and fixed ubuntu-release-upgrader bug LP: #1511783

 16:13 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1511783 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu) "release upgrader can create a too minimal sources.list" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1511783

 16:13 <bdmurray> uploaded ubuntu-release-upgrader fixing LP: #1463680 and #1511783

 16:13 <bdmurray> investigation into merge-o-matic bug LP: #1202142

 16:13 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1463680 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu) "mirrors only added to mirrors.cfg, never removed" [Medium,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1463680

 16:13 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1202142 in Merge-o-Matic "Blind to new development release -proposed pocket" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1202142

 16:13 <bdmurray> reviewed arges's sru-review merge proposal

 16:13 <bdmurray> ✔ done

 16:14 <slangasek> great!

 16:14 <slangasek> any questions?

 16:14 <pitti> OOI, what's the status of s390?

 16:15 <pitti> I thought infinity was rather close to debootstrapability?

 16:15 <infinity> Basically pending the hardware setup being complete for launchpaddification.

 16:15 <infinity> It's debootstrappable, plus lots of other misc stuff built.

 16:15 <slangasek> we have a minbase debootstrappable stage0 archive.  infinity, how's stage1 looking?

 16:15 <infinity> stage1 will be building itself today.

 16:15 <slangasek> excellent

 16:15 <infinity> That's my whole day.

 16:15 <cyphermox> slangasek: looks like we've filled the s390x position?

 16:15 <pitti> that sounds like great progress

 16:16 <pitti> cyphermox: it's spelt "s390xnox"

 16:16 <slangasek> on the hardware setup side there was another delay this week, which IS and our unofficial in-house zSeries experts are now working to resolve but I have no eta

 16:16 <cyphermox> pitti: jes

 16:16 <slangasek> cyphermox: yes

 16:16 <cyphermox> xnox: that's a good point, you should /nick ;)

 16:16 <xnox> haha

 16:17 <caribou> shouldn't it be Znox ?

 16:17 <pitti> thanks for the heads-up

 16:17 <slangasek> wouldn't s390x-no-x reduce to s390?  We don't support that

 16:17 <cyphermox> well, are we even planning to ever run X on it?

 16:17 <xnox> Mir all the way.

 16:18 <infinity> cyphermox: Runs X fine.

 16:18 <infinity> Clients, that is. ;)

 16:18 <cyphermox> infinity: modulo no screen?

 16:18 <infinity> Not so much the server bit.  Cause, yeah.

 16:18 <infinity> Well, I suppose server via VNC and the like.

 16:18 <cyphermox> yeah

 16:19 <sil2100> cyphermox: will you mind if I pick up the network-manager-pptp merge?

 16:19 <cyphermox> sil2100: knock yourself out :)

 16:19 <sil2100> cyphermox: \o/

 16:20 <cyphermox> might even be a sync

 16:20 <pitti> oh, speaking of NM: any plans ot update to the latest stable microrelease? that fixes that weird "too small wifi MTU" bug which plagued us at the sprint

 16:20 <pitti> (and I also see that here)

 16:20 <tdaitx> s390 display is probably a punch card, refresh rate about 0.1 Hz

 16:20 <pitti> (NM> IOW, debian merge)

 16:20 <infinity> tdaitx: Don't be silly.  It's vacuum bulbs.  The punch card is the mouse.

 16:21 <cyphermox> pitti: eventually, it's not my top priority.

 16:21 <infinity> Also, it occasionally makes satisfyinf sci-fi bloops and bleeps that don't logically map to any function of the system.

 16:21 <cyphermox> infinity: blinkenlights?

 16:22 <infinity> cyphermox: In response to gerfingerpoken, yes.

 16:22 <slangasek> but does it have a /dev/theramin

 16:22 <cyphermox> ye[

 16:22 <pitti> the bleeps, the sweeps, and the creeps?

 16:23 <infinity> Ahh, we're such professionals.

 16:23 <slangasek> so then!

 16:23 <slangasek> [TOPIC] AOB

 16:23 <slangasek> anything else?

 16:24 <infinity> *shrug*

 16:24 <slangasek> next week is Thanksgivin

 16:24 <slangasek> g

 16:24 <infinity> That was last month.

 16:24 <infinity> Heathen.

 16:24 <tdaitx> welcome (back?) xnox!

 16:24 <slangasek> so US folks will be off

 16:24 <xnox> tdaitx, si.

 16:25 <slangasek> shall I leave the meeting on the calendar for everyone else?

 16:25 <slangasek> (volunteer to chair?)

 16:25 <sil2100> Now that xnox is back in the team, I need to think of a way to bribe him as well

 16:25 <infinity> I have no interest in a meeting with half the team.

 16:25 <cyphermox> sil2100: feel free to take any of the other network-manager-$vpn packages for merging/sync too, if you want

 16:25 <sil2100> For the nearest DMB meeting

 16:25 <pitti> slangasek: sure

 16:25 <infinity> Unless someone else thinks it's super helpful.

 16:25 <pitti> whom do you trust your mighty "echo $(shuf)" baton?

 16:25 <sil2100> cyphermox: sure, will look if it'll end up as a merge or sync, jansson ended up as a sync so yay

 16:25 <infinity> pitti: I feel like you just volunteered.

 16:26 <slangasek> infinity: a whole 2/3 actually!

 16:26 <tdaitx> I will be out between Nov 26 and Dec 01

 16:26 <infinity> slangasek: Minus tdaitx. :P

 16:27 <slangasek> #agreed pitti to chair team meeting next week

 16:27 <infinity> Oh, I will be out "some days" the week after Thanksgiving as well, but the precise amount of outness is still in dispute.

 16:27 <cyphermox> oh, winter tires on nov 26

 16:27 <cyphermox> but no bloodletting, and not during work hours ;P

 16:28 <infinity> Hah.

 16:28 <tdaitx> pitti, good luck trying to control this mob =)

 16:28 <doko> can we organize a some bits of merges, with the foundations team as the owner?

 16:28 <pitti> tdaitx: I've known this bunch for years, no way

 16:28 <tdaitx> pitti, shuffle them hard

 16:28 <infinity> pitti: We're perfect angels.  *bat lashes*

 16:28 <slangasek> doko: what exactly do you have in mind?

 16:29 <slangasek> most of the oldest merges are installer-related... which is typical

 16:29 <infinity> doko: Specific ones that concern you, or just knocking off old/forgotten merges in general?

 16:29 <doko> slangasek, looking at oldish merges where the uploader isn't active, for whatever reason

 16:29 <cyphermox> which I'll get to.

 16:29 * sil2100 will working on merges now as well, since his OTA-8 is out of the way

 16:30 <doko> no, not specific ones, just thinking that we should actively address these (and I know I have lots of outstanding merges too)

 16:30 <slangasek> doko: right; the oldest [foundations-bugs] ones on https://merges.ubuntu.com/main.html are installer, which are on cyphermox's todo list.  afterwards there's lsb which we saved for xnox

 16:30 <infinity> Looks like most of the oldest have familiar and active names attached to them but, yeah, we should hit some of those.

 16:31 <infinity> That grub1 merge scares me a bit.

 16:31 <slangasek> nah skip grub1

 16:31 <cyphermox> grub legacy is around for the fool who will try it... otherwise I'll be that fool after installer bits.

 16:31 <slangasek> it never needs to be merged again, it just needs to be fully removed

 16:31 <cyphermox> woops ;)

 16:31 <xnox> infinity, last time i spoke with cjwatson - i think it's time to force upgrade to grub2 and see what happens.

 16:31 <slangasek> exactly

 16:31 <xnox> or not do anything, and simply drop grub1 package and wait.

 16:31 <cyphermox> yes

 16:32 <slangasek> there's no longer a xen-pv use case for grub1

 16:32 <infinity> I'm TIL on a few things I don't remember Ting, I'll hit some of those next week after s390x stage1 is in a happy place.

 16:32 <xnox> amazon ec2 uses a fork too, no? (grub-something-rather)

 16:32 <slangasek> does anyone here have any merges they're TIL on that they specifically want to offer up to the team?

 16:33 <slangasek> looks like open-isci is up for grabs from pitti

 16:33 <pitti> lvm2 too

 16:33 <infinity> As a general rule, if I'm TIL because of a 1-line (or, rather, trivial) bugfix, I don't mind it being stolen.

 16:33 <pitti> (I'm happy to trade, of course)

 16:33 <infinity> If I'm TIL because half the changelog is me, I'd prefer to keep it.

 16:33 <doko> well, I'm not eager on all my merges ...  and still haven't even looked at universe

 16:33 <slangasek> infinity: knowing it's a 1-line fix requires looking more deeply than at merges.u.c :)

 16:34 <doko> and one more thing is to address the ruby defaults change, and then following up on that (so maybe pitti could do that, or server team, kirkland, and rbasak?)

 16:34 <cyphermox> NM is free to merge for anyone who dares :)

 16:34 <pitti> we have a package "nosexcover"..

 16:34 <slangasek> infinity: maybe you're not attached to datefudge, as an example?  You might be more partial to walnut fudge

 16:34 <infinity> slangasek: I don't even remember Ting datefudge L.

 16:34 <slangasek> * Use DEB_HOST_GNU_TYPE for cross-builds, not DEB_HOST_ARCH.

 16:35 <infinity> Oh, cross.  Bah.

 16:35 <infinity> That can't be the only change, though.  It's 3 ubuntu revisions deep.

 16:35 <xnox> 0day nmu it + sync

 16:35 <infinity> Yeah, someone should sort that delta with Debian, probably.

 16:35 <pitti> doko: ah, I suppose we want to follow suit with ruby 2.2, so yes, I can merge that

 16:36 <infinity> * Cleanup makefiles a bit and add support for cross-compiling.

 16:36 <infinity> And it's possible Debian's got the bits.

 16:36 <doko> seriously, how many people are now looking at datefudge? ...

 16:36 <infinity> ALL OF US.

 16:37 <infinity> Perhaps we should end the meeting. :P

 16:37 <slangasek> :-)

 16:37 <barry> i was hoping to make some datefudge for thanksgiving

 16:37 <slangasek> anyway, what's a realistic target for merges?

 16:38 <slangasek> can we get everything > 365 days that's in main and foundations, off the list by EOY?

 16:38 <xnox> 350 main outstanding -> 1y?

 16:38 <infinity> slangasek: Everything but d-i, perhaps.

 16:38 <xnox> let's not go too hard on di et.al.

 16:38 <slangasek> if cyphermox is going to merge d-i, that ought to happen sooner rather than later this cycle

 16:39 <cyphermox> well, I'll certainly *start* on a few of them

 16:39 <infinity> Yeah, he and I have talked about it.  We'd like to, but I'm also not holding my breath.

 16:39 <xnox> there was inprogress d-i merge at some point in the past, no?

 16:39 <infinity> xnox: Not really, no.

 16:39 <cyphermox> when we say d-i we mean all the d-i components but d-i itself

 16:39 <infinity> xnox: It stalled when Colin insisted he wanted to keep all the bzr history in a bzr->git conversion + merge.

 16:39 <infinity> cyphermox: No, I mean d-i. ;)

 16:40 <infinity> cyphermox: All the components should absolutely be merged.

 16:40 <slangasek> did that bzr->git conversion get done?

 16:40 <cyphermox> infinity: agreed

 16:40 <infinity> slangasek: Nein.  And unless Colin's going to volunteer to do the work, I think I'm going to give up on caring about history soon and just do a shallow merge (which is actually close to trivial) and reset in a fresh git tree.

 16:40 <slangasek> ugh

 16:41 <slangasek> those who do not save their history are doomed to something something

 16:41 <slangasek> but ok

 16:41 <infinity> slangasek: Doomed to not read 400 nearly identical commits?

 16:41 <slangasek> infinity: doomed to not be able to find the rationale of the original commit

 16:41 <infinity> I have no intention of deleting the bzr branches. :P

 16:41 <infinity> But we'll see.

 16:42 <cyphermox> it just needs someone who understands repo surgery

 16:42 <slangasek> oh I assumed the launchpad team would vaporize those from orbit

 16:42 <infinity> I think Colin still wants to DTRT, and he's much more skilled at doing insane conversions.

 16:42 <slangasek> ok

 16:42 <slangasek> enough of this

 16:42 <slangasek> shall we end? :)

 16:42 <pitti> +1

 16:42 <infinity> Ja.

 16:42 <pitti> thanks everyone!

 16:42 <slangasek> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)