== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 19 Oct at 16:34 &mdash; 17:03 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2015/ubuntu-meeting.2015-10-19-16.34.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting 
=== Announcements ===
The discussion about "Announcements" started at 16:35.


=== Weekly stand-up report ===
The discussion about "Weekly stand-up report" started at 16:35.


=== Highlighted packages ===
The discussion about "Highlighted packages" started at 16:58.

  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/libjboss-cache2-java.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/gcc-4.9-powerpc-cross.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/libplack-perl.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/puppet-module-puppetlabs-stdlib.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/mosh.html 

=== Miscellaneous and Questions ===
The discussion about "Miscellaneous and Questions" started at 16:58.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * tyhicks (36)
 * sbeattie (9)
 * sarnold (7)
 * mdeslaur (7)
 * jdstrand (7)
 * jjohansen (7)
 * chrisccoulson (5)
 * meetingology (3)
 * ubottu (1)



== Full Log ==


 16:34 <tyhicks> #startmeeting

 16:34 <meetingology> Meeting started Mon Oct 19 16:34:15 2015 UTC.  The chair is tyhicks. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:34 <meetingology> 

 16:34 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 16:34 <tyhicks> The meeting agenda can be found at:

 16:35 <tyhicks> [LINK] https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting

 16:35 <tyhicks> [TOPIC] Announcements

 16:35 <tyhicks> Thanks to Martin Pitt (pitti) for providing precise-wily debdiffs for postgresql packages (LP: #1504132)

 16:35 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1504132 in postgresql-9.4 (Ubuntu Wily) "New upstream microreleases 9.1.19, 9.3.10, 9.4.5" [High,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1504132

 16:35 <tyhicks> [TOPIC] Weekly stand-up report

 16:35 <tyhicks> jdstrand: you're up

 16:37 <mdeslaur> zzzzzzzz

 16:37 * mdeslaur pokes jdstrand with pointy stick

 16:37 <jdstrand> hey

 16:37 <jdstrand> sorry

 16:37 <tyhicks> that got his attention ;)

 16:38 <jdstrand> so, right now I'm working on getting snappy-debug into the store. I'm almost done with that

 16:38 <jdstrand> after that, will be looking at identifying tasks for the post-mortem meeting for the update last week

 16:38 <jdstrand> I also have several embargoed issues

 16:39 <jdstrand> s/the update/the click update/

 16:39 <jdstrand> that's it from me

 16:40 <mdeslaur> guess it's my turn

 16:40 <mdeslaur> I'm back from vacation, so I'm in email ketchup mode today

 16:40 <mdeslaur> and I'm on triage this week

 16:41 <mdeslaur> and will be looking at the list of required updates, and will pick something to work on

 16:41 <mdeslaur> that's about it, sbeattie?

 16:41 <sbeattie> I'm in the happy place this week

 16:41 <sbeattie> I have a miniupnpc update in the pipeline that I'll be finishing up.

 16:42 <sbeattie> I

 16:42 <sbeattie> bleah

 16:42 <sbeattie> I'm currently refreshing my gcc-pie patches and adding bind-now to the defautls

 16:43 <sbeattie> I need to go through the backlog of apparmor patches

 16:43 <sbeattie> I may pick up another update as the list has grown large

 16:43 <sbeattie> that's probably it for my week

 16:44 <tyhicks> sbeattie: where do you want to be with the gcc-pie patches before we sprint with foundations?

 16:45 <sbeattie> tyhicks: I want to have a patch with bind-now enabled as well to hand off.

 16:46 <tyhicks> sbeattie: ok, lets sync up with doko to see what his thoughts are for what should be done going into that week

 16:46 <tyhicks> I'm in the community role this week

 16:47 <tyhicks> I'm currently doing a design/code review of Mir attestable timestamps

 16:47 <tyhicks> after that, I'll start the mapplauncherd code review to see how the security team's feedback was incorporated in

 16:48 <tyhicks> as part of that review, I signed up to create an AppArmor profile for confining the booster processes

 16:48 <tyhicks> if I get through both of those things, I'll look at our backlog

 16:48 <tyhicks> jjohansen: you're up

 16:48 * jjohansen gives tyhicks a consoling pat on the back

 16:49 <jjohansen> I am working on the apparmor stacking patches

 16:50 <jjohansen> I should also get around to building some test kernels for the bug fixes that people can run if they want

 16:50 <tyhicks> jjohansen: regarding stacking, are you still mainly focused on kernel code or have you gotten into parser/libapparmor/tests yet?

 16:50 <jjohansen> tyhicks: kernel still

 16:51 <tyhicks> ah, reviewing some of your AppArmor kernel fixes and possibly preparing kteam pull requests is something else that I want to get to this week

 16:52 <jjohansen> I think that is it for me

 16:52 <tyhicks> jjohansen: is that all for you this week? (hopefully you'll get a chance to spend quality time on stacking)

 16:52 <tyhicks> nice!

 16:52 <jjohansen> yep

 16:52 <tyhicks> sarnold: you're up

 16:53 <sarnold> i'm on bug triage this week

 16:53 <sarnold> I've got a stack of patches from jjohansen that I'm reviewing

 16:53 <sarnold> are there any MIRs that we can do last-minute to make someone happy?

 16:54 <tyhicks> sarnold: I'll have a look and get back to you on that

 16:54 <sarnold> thanks

 16:54 * sarnold adds one more thing to tyhicks's pile :)

 16:54 <jjohansen> sarnold: would you like some more presents to add to your pile, I have a nice queue of another 20 or so you could start in on? :P

 16:54 <tyhicks> nah :)

 16:55 <sarnold> jjohansen: \o/ :)

 16:55 <sarnold> chrisccoulson?

 16:55 <chrisccoulson> This week, I need to publish Oxide (will probably do that tomorrow now).

 16:56 <chrisccoulson> I also need to get the crash reporter back on in Firefox, which means updating my scripts to push our symbols to their new upload API (which I have access to since last week)

 16:56 <chrisccoulson> Other than that, I'd like to land https://code.launchpad.net/~chrisccoulson/oxide/lp1504853/+merge/274525 because it fixes some issues with how certificate errors are handled in the browser

 16:56 <chrisccoulson> But it depends on https://code.launchpad.net/~chrisccoulson/oxide/refactor-webview-rwhv-interation/+merge/274723, which is ongoing

 16:56 <chrisccoulson> I think that's me done

 16:58 <tyhicks> thanks!

 16:58 <tyhicks> [TOPIC] Highlighted packages

 16:58 <tyhicks> The Ubuntu Security team will highlight some community-supported packages that might be good candidates for updating and or triaging. If you would like to help Ubuntu and not sure where to start, this is a great way to do so.

 16:58 <tyhicks> See https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/UpdateProcedures for details and if you have any questions, feel free to ask in #ubuntu-security. To find out other ways of helping out, please see https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/GettingInvolved.

 16:58 <tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/libjboss-cache2-java.html

 16:58 <tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/gcc-4.9-powerpc-cross.html

 16:58 <tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/libplack-perl.html

 16:58 <tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/puppet-module-puppetlabs-stdlib.html

 16:58 <tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/mosh.html

 16:58 <tyhicks> [TOPIC] Miscellaneous and Questions

 16:58 <tyhicks> Does anyone have any other questions or items to discuss?

 17:03 <tyhicks> jdstrand, mdeslaur, sbeattie, jjohansen, sarnold, ChrisCoulson: Thanks!

 17:03 <tyhicks> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)