== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 06 Dec at 18:03 &mdash; 19:08 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2015/ubuntu-meeting.2015-12-06-18.03.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

 * '''Forum Staff renewals''' (18:04)
''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ForumCouncil/TeamReports 
''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ForumCouncil/TeamReports/15/December 
''LINK:'' http://ubuntuforums.org/showthread.php?t=2289623 



== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * bapoumba (29)
 * slickymaster (20)
 * cariboo907 (18)
 * howefield (9)
 * meetingology (7)
 * coffeecat (6)
 * cariboo (0)



== Full Log ==


 18:03 <howefield> #startmeeting

 18:03 <meetingology> Meeting started Sun Dec  6 18:03:59 2015 UTC.  The chair is howefield. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 18:03 <meetingology> 

 18:03 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 18:04 <howefield> #chair bapoumba cariboo howefield slickymaster

 18:04 <meetingology> Warning: Nick not in channel: cariboo

 18:04 <meetingology> Current chairs: bapoumba cariboo howefield slickymaster

 18:04 <howefield> #chair cariboo907

 18:04 <meetingology> Current chairs: bapoumba cariboo cariboo907 howefield slickymaster

 18:04 <howefield> #meeting topic Forum Council Meeting

 18:04 <howefield> #subtopic Forum Staff renewals

 18:05 <cariboo907> I'm going to hve to get my nick changed one of these days :)

 18:05 <slickymaster> lol cariboo907

 18:06 <howefield> dang the 907 :)

 18:07 <howefield> #chair coffeecat

 18:07 <meetingology> Current chairs: bapoumba cariboo cariboo907 coffeecat howefield slickymaster

 18:07 <bapoumba> I cannot log into the wiki /o\

 18:08 <howefield> ok, agenda topic Forum Staff renewals is our only point noted for discussion.

 18:08 <bapoumba> We have a few points in the current report

 18:08 <slickymaster> that's normal bapoumba. wiki is always acting up :P

 18:08 <bapoumba> https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ForumCouncil/TeamReports

 18:09 <bapoumba> I’m finally logged in \o/

 18:09 <bapoumba> will update the report during the memting > one thing done

 18:09 <bapoumba> *meeting

 18:10 <slickymaster> thanks for doing that bapoumba

 18:10 <bapoumba> welcome. I do things I do not like ;)

 18:11 <slickymaster> :)

 18:11 <bapoumba> I do not recall why I had “Forums Structure”. What did we change last ?

 18:12 <cariboo907> Didn't we move around some sub-forums and close some others?

 18:13 <bapoumba> well, which ones ? :D

 18:14 <slickymaster> bapoumba, I think one of them was the Multimedia Software sub-forum

 18:14 <cariboo907> We closed Asus, Dell support and Ubuntu One

 18:14 <howefield> can't remember one after http://ubuntuforums.org/showthread.php?t=2235063

 18:14 <bapoumba> Oh yeah, Multimedia

 18:14 <slickymaster> cffeecat fiddle with it

 18:14 <slickymaster> * coffeecat

 18:15 <bapoumba> yeah

 18:15 <bapoumba> but I cannot seem to find the latest thread

 18:17 <slickymaster> me neither

 18:18 <slickymaster> but I'm almost sure coffeecat wrote something in a thread regarding it

 18:19 <bapoumba> yep

 18:20 <coffeecat> As far as I remember I just tidied up Multimedia and Art & Design to reduce the number of misplaced threads.

 18:20 <cariboo907> there is this thread http://ubuntuforums.org/showthread.php?t=2287393

 18:20 <cariboo907> but it's related to wine and gaming

 18:20 <coffeecat> People were asking how do I use GIMP type questions in Art & Design and video card driver problems in multimedia.

 18:20 <slickymaster> yeaps, that's the one I was talking about, cariboo907

 18:25 <bapoumba> https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ForumCouncil/TeamReports/15/December

 18:28 <cariboo907> looks good so far :)

 18:38 <bapoumba> Please check again

 18:38 <bapoumba> the Staff Team part was writen a month ago when we talked about it

 18:39 <cariboo907> I just did :)

 18:39 <bapoumba> should we discuss it now ? (I’m +1 on that)

 18:40 <slickymaster> +1

 18:41 <cariboo907> I'll add my +1

 18:43 <bapoumba> Execpt for the User account number, and Staff Team parts, I’m done with the wiki page

 18:46 <slickymaster> I think it's alright bapoumba

 18:46 <bapoumba> OK :) It’s a wiki page. Anyone can edit (provided you can log in :p)

 18:46 <cariboo907> which user account numbers are we going to use, what's on the front page, or howefield 's number?

 18:47 <bapoumba> well, that was for howefield’s one

 18:47 <bapoumba> whe nwe talked about it

 18:48 <bapoumba> it item can go, not sure where we al stand on that

 18:48 <bapoumba> *all

 18:48 <cariboo907> we are at 2012230 with the latest new member

 18:49 <cariboo907> or 2,002,182 if we go by the front page :)

 18:50 <slickymaster> I'd go with the former one cariboo907

 18:51 <bapoumba> http://ubuntuforums.org/showthread.php?t=2289623

 18:58 <cariboo907> maybe we should move on to the only agenda item

 18:59 <bapoumba> +1

 19:00 <slickymaster> that would be the restaffing activities, right cariboo907?

 19:00 <cariboo907> Yes

 19:01 <slickymaster> shall we proceed the, or wait for howefield?

 19:01 <slickymaster> s/the/then

 19:01 <cariboo907> I've forgotten how it was done, if we have to individually have to email the Community Council or we can do it in one email

 19:01 <bapoumba> If howefield is having trouble, I’m +1 on waiting

 19:01 <cariboo907> +1 to that

 19:02 <coffeecat> We could discuss restaffing in a thread in admins, I suppose.

 19:02 <bapoumba> yes

 19:02 <slickymaster> there's already one -> http://ubuntuforums.org/showthread.php?t=2305290

 19:04 <coffeecat> thanks slickymaster . I suggest we cary the discussion on in that thread.

 19:04 <slickymaster> works for me

 19:04 <coffeecat> *carry*

 19:04 <bapoumba> +1

 19:05 <cariboo907> +1 seeing as I started the thread :)

 19:05 <slickymaster> )

 19:07 <cariboo907> So if there is nothing else to discuss we can end this meeting?

 19:07 <coffeecat> +1 to that.

 19:07 <bapoumba> fine with me, please edit the team report if I’m away :)

 19:07 <slickymaster> +1 also

 19:08 <cariboo907> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)