== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 26 Mar at 15:08 &mdash; 15:27 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2015/ubuntu-meeting.2015-03-26-15.08.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning round ===
The discussion about "Lightning round" started at 15:08.


=== AOB ===
The discussion about "AOB" started at 15:17.

  * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-v-tracking-bug-tasks.html 



== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * mvo (36)
 * bdmurray (34)
 * cyphermox (18)
 * sil2100 (17)
 * ubottu (14)
 * jodh (12)
 * stgraber (12)
 * infinity (8)
 * doko (5)
 * barry (5)
 * meetingology (3)



== Full Log ==


 15:08 <mvo> #startmeeting

 15:08 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Mar 26 15:08:11 2015 UTC.  The chair is mvo. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 15:08 <meetingology> 

 15:08 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 15:08 <mvo> [TOPIC] Lightning round

 15:08 <sil2100> o/

 15:08 <mvo> $ echo $(shuf -e barry doko stgraber jodh bdmurray slangasek caribou infinity mvo sil2100 robru cyphermox)

 15:08 <mvo> robru doko sil2100 cyphermox jodh slangasek mvo stgraber infinity barry bdmurray caribou

 15:08 <sil2100> robru is on holidays

 15:08 <doko> meh ...

 15:09 <doko> sorry to be terse ... MIR work, working on component mismatches, fixing ftbfs

 15:09 <doko> fixing some gccgo issues

 15:09 <doko> toolchain updates

 15:09 <doko> (done)

 15:10 <sil2100> - Landing team work, silo coordination, preparing landing e-mails

 15:10 <sil2100> - Small improvements to the Issue Tracker scripts

 15:10 <sil2100> - Writing the milestone report for ww11-ota

 15:10 <sil2100> - Updating the landing documentation

 15:10 <sil2100> - Help validating one of the possible OTA-2 candidate regressions

 15:10 <sil2100> - Sick most of last week, still a bit weakish this week

 15:10 <sil2100> - Fighting some of the spreadsheet's problems

 15:10 <sil2100> - Commitlog scripts: * Adding the functionality of multi-image commitlogs * Using the new Archived spreadsheet

 15:10 <sil2100> - CI Train work: * Some minor new functionality work * Hotfixing broken silo reconfigures * Fighting the redeployment process for the CI Train

 15:10 <sil2100> - Discussions related to vivid->RTM branching and OTA-3

 15:10 <sil2100> - Working on a newly reported appmenu-qt5 bug with qtcreator

 15:10 <sil2100> - Planning for sprints and conferences

 15:10 <sil2100> - Planning on how to proceed with touch work after vivid freezes - long term plan

 15:10 <sil2100> (done)

 15:10 <cyphermox> * Monday: fighting MAAS and a hardware management console to provision a

 15:10 <cyphermox> system in the cert network for testing multipath and other bugs

 15:10 <cyphermox> * got briefed on details for the above from leftyfb.

 15:10 <cyphermox> * multipath testing / ppc64el debugging.

 15:10 <cyphermox> * multipath-tools upload for bug 1431650

 15:10 <cyphermox> * other ppc64el and multipath discussions on IRC

 15:10 <ubottu> bug 1431650 in multipath-tools (Ubuntu) "Multipath devices take long to initialize during initramfs" [High,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1431650

 15:10 <cyphermox> * debugging ubiquity/console-setup missing keyboard prompts (bug 1435714)

 15:10 <cyphermox> * investigating bug 1434091 (indicator-keyboard shows eng_us and eng_uk for uk)

 15:10 <cyphermox> * CI train babysitting for robru.

 15:10 <ubottu> bug 1435714 in ubiquity (Ubuntu Vivid) "Keyboard layout missing during install setup" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1435714

 15:10 <ubottu> bug 1434091 in indicator-keyboard (Ubuntu) "mini.iso install of ubuntu desktop selecting only ENG_UK gives me eng_us and eng_uk" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1434091

 15:10 <cyphermox> * Fixed casper CD ejection (bug 1432285)

 15:10 <ubottu> bug 1432285 in casper (Ubuntu) "Vivid live DVD fails to provide means to eject disc" [Medium,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1432285

 15:10 <cyphermox> * meetings about connectivity bugs on the phone

 15:10 <cyphermox> * NM bugfixes for phone to silo 30:

 15:11 <cyphermox> - IMSI selection (bug 1431471, worked on the patch last week)

 15:11 <ubottu> bug 1431471 in network-manager (Ubuntu) "NetworkManager uses ofono GPRS contexts for wrong SIM" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1431471

 15:11 <cyphermox> - WiFi AP list including old APs (bug 1427205)

 15:11 <ubottu> bug 1427205 in network-manager (Ubuntu) "indicator shows (dozens of) out of range access points" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1427205

 15:11 <cyphermox> - update apport hook to account for NM changes.

 15:11 <cyphermox> (done)

 15:11 <sil2100> hah, babysitting ;)

 15:11 <jodh> * misc:

 15:11 <jodh> - Sick for 1 and a bit days.

 15:11 <jodh> * snappy:

 15:11 <jodh> - lp:~jamesodhunt/snappy/privileged-operations

 15:11 <jodh> - More review tweaks. Code now landed.

 15:11 <jodh> - Investigated options to refuse to update if boot assets side-loaded.

 15:11 <jodh> - Wrote Transactional Updates document:

 15:11 <jodh> https://docs.google.com/a/canonical.com/document/d/1rv4hPNyOEMhDyj4CRNsACSBAH1tqoEwnT8o8IhEfjKA/edit#

 15:11 <jodh> - lp:~jamesodhunt/snappy/bug-1412737

 15:11 <jodh> - In syncing branch with trunk, identified problems relating to bind-mounting.

 15:11 <jodh> - Currently reworking code + tests after slash-and-burn session.

 15:11 <jodh> êÑÇ

 15:12 <mvo> slangasek is on vac

 15:12 <mvo> apt:

 15:12 <mvo> - testsuite fix

 15:12 <mvo> click:

 15:12 <mvo> - some cross build help

 15:12 <mvo> command-not-found:

 15:12 <mvo> - updated for vivid

 15:12 <mvo> misc:

 15:12 <mvo> - travel booking

 15:12 <mvo> snappy:

 15:12 <mvo> - lots of work, preparing making it default

 15:12 <mvo> - worked on seccomp launcher support, privs dropping, u-d-f integration

 15:12 <mvo> software-center:

 15:12 <mvo> Debug/fix ubuntu-dock pay store install problem

 15:12 <mvo> (done)

 15:12 <stgraber> that's got to be the shortest mvo weekly report I've ever seen :)

 15:13 <stgraber> - LXC/LXD

 15:13 <stgraber> - Released LXD 0.5 on Tuesday

 15:13 <stgraber> - Preparing archive upload of LXD 0.5

 15:13 <stgraber> - Preparing LXC 1.0.8 for trusty

 15:13 <stgraber> - Various bugfixes and feature work on LXC and LXD

 15:13 <stgraber> - Code reviews, bug triaging, other admin paperwork

 15:13 <stgraber> - Other

 15:13 <stgraber> - Various gccgo tests for doko

 15:13 <stgraber> - Couple of tweaks to rebuild-request on cdimage to allow cancelling pending/stuck requests

 15:13 <stgraber> - LXD presentation at a customer/partner

 15:13 <mvo> haha, typed it in the last 3min ;)

 15:13 <stgraber> (done)

 15:14 <infinity> - Working on vivid Final Beta

 15:14 <infinity> - eglibc SRU to precise

 15:14 <infinity> - glibc fixes in vivid

 15:14 <infinity> - kernel SRU work

 15:14 <infinity> - general AA/SRU stuff

 15:14 <infinity> - archiving old releases to old-releases

 15:14 <infinity> - work with cyphermox on eject/reboot issues in casper

 15:14 <infinity> (done)

 15:14 <barry> short week due to PTO

 15:14 <barry> qa sprint: finished up last week, but there are a few straggling merge proposals to review and test.  participated in the sprint retrospective.

 15:15 <barry> snappy: meetings.  also, working on blog posting for python snaps

 15:15 <barry> debuntu: LP: #1430082; LP: #1433324; LP: #1435598; fixed pex bugs, uploaded to new package to debian, syncpackaged to ubuntu.

 15:15 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1430082 in python-cryptography (Ubuntu) "[MIR] python-cryptography, python-cffi, pycparser, enum34" [High,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1430082

 15:15 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1433324 in wheel (Ubuntu Trusty) "provide whl packages in trusty to enable pyvenv in python3.4" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1433324

 15:15 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1435598 in python-pex (Ubuntu) "The manpage is messed up" [High,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1435598

 15:15 <barry> --done--

 15:15 <bdmurray> tested DayBucketsProposedCount table in staging

 15:15 <bdmurray> submitted RT to have DayBucketsProposedCount setup in production

 15:15 <bdmurray> fixed proposed counters code in oopsrepository and daisy

 15:15 <bdmurray> tested submitting crashes with new versions of oopsrepository / daisy in canonistack (good)

 15:15 <bdmurray> submitted RT to have oops-repository and daisy updated on staging

 15:15 <bdmurray> worked with deej regarding e-t-retracer-app-11 (not fixed)

 15:15 <bdmurray> rewrote cassandra driver strange stacktrace query to be quicker

 15:15 <bdmurray> research into renaming columns for CQL3

 15:15 <bdmurray> updated daisy code to save core files in more failure cases

 15:15 <bdmurray> SRU verification of apport bug LP: #1431058 (apport-noui on Trusty)

 15:15 <bdmurray> submitted merge proposal for component-mismatches uploader identification

 15:15 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1431058 in apport (Ubuntu Trusty) "Stable Release Update to provide possiblity of automatically reporting crashes" [Medium,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1431058

 15:15 <bdmurray> wrote blog post about apport-noui SRU for trusty

 15:15 <bdmurray> update SRU wiki page to point at phasing report page

 15:15 <bdmurray> submitted MP for sru-report to link to phasing report

 15:15 <bdmurray> uploaded new version of apport that'll log dpkg and apt version information for package install failures

 15:15 <bdmurray> research into dpkg triggers looping issue

 15:16 <bdmurray> cleanup of dpkg trigger looping bug reports

 15:16 <bdmurray> rls-v bug triage

 15:16 <bdmurray> arranged travel to Austin

 15:16 <bdmurray> tested and upload a fix for ubuntu-release-upgrader bug  LP: #1413270

 15:16 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1413270 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu Vivid) "Utopic -> Vivid upgrade displays failure warning" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1413270

 15:16 <bdmurray> out one day due to illness

 15:16 <bdmurray> ‚úî done

 15:16 <bdmurray> no caribou it seems

 15:17 <mvo> cool, so everybody had his turn?

 15:17 <mvo> [TOPIC] AOB

 15:18 <bdmurray> I wanted to talk about some rls-v-tracking bugs

 15:18 <bdmurray> http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-v-tracking-bug-tasks.html

 15:19 <bdmurray> bug 1356823 is occuring a lot according to errors

 15:19 <ubottu> bug 1356823 in aptdaemon (Ubuntu) "aptd crashed with AttributeError in _remove_from_connection_no_raise(): 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'Destroy'" [Medium,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1356823

 15:19 <mvo> I can look at this one

 15:19 <bdmurray> okay, thanks

 15:20 <bdmurray> then bug 1273764 - I think we should pass on it again :-(

 15:20 <ubottu> bug 1273764 in grub2 (Ubuntu) "Grub ignores options on /etc/default/grub" [Medium,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1273764

 15:21 <bdmurray> cyphermox: I'm guessing you have a lot on your list?

 15:22 <bdmurray> then also bug 934371 - mvo was that a design decision a while ago?

 15:22 <ubottu> bug 934371 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu) "Unresolvable problem message does not help users and results in less useful bug reports" [Medium,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/934371

 15:23 <mvo> bdmurray: I agree, we should surface more to the user here

 15:23 <cyphermox> bdmurray: I know about that one

 15:23 <mvo> bdmurray: its partly a design decision, but I think it would be good to be specific if we can

 15:23 <bdmurray> mvo: Do you think its too late in the cycle? If not I'll start working on it.

 15:24 <bdmurray> cyphermox: Do you think its high enough priority to add to the rls-v-tracking list?

 15:24 <mvo> bdmurray: I think its ok, I hope its realtively small

 15:24 <mvo> bdmurray: we need to be a bit careful about i18n

 15:24 <mvo> (i.e. avoid breaking strings or adding strings)

 15:24 <mvo> that would be my only concern :)

 15:25 <bdmurray> mvo: ah, okay

 15:25 <cyphermox> bdmurray: yeah, I guess

 15:26 <bdmurray> okay, I think that its for today from me

 15:26 <mvo> thanks bdmurray!

 15:26 <mvo> its important that this gets  attention

 15:26 <mvo> anything else?

 15:27 <mvo> 3

 15:27 <mvo> 2

 15:27 <mvo> 1

 15:27 <mvo> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)