== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 06 Aug at 15:02 &mdash; 15:23 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2015/ubuntu-meeting.2015-08-06-15.02.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning round ===
The discussion about "Lightning round" started at 15:02.


=== AOB ===
The discussion about "AOB" started at 15:13.

  * ''LINK:'' http://pad.ubuntu.com/gcc-5-transition 



== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * slangasek (35)
 * tdaitx (25)
 * sil2100 (21)
 * ubottu (16)
 * pitti (15)
 * bdmurray (15)
 * cyphermox (10)
 * robru (8)
 * infinity (6)
 * barry (6)
 * meetingology (3)



== Full Log ==


 15:02 <slangasek> #startmeeting

 15:02 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Aug  6 15:02:27 2015 UTC.  The chair is slangasek. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 15:02 <meetingology> 

 15:02 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 15:02 <slangasek> [TOPIC] Lightning round

 15:03 <slangasek> $ echo $(shuf -e barry doko bdmurray slangasek caribou infinity sil2100 robru cyphermox pitti tdaitx)

 15:03 <slangasek> pitti doko tdaitx barry cyphermox sil2100 infinity caribou robru bdmurray slangasek

 15:03 <pitti> WIN!

 15:03 <pitti> autopkgtest cloud:

 15:03 <pitti> - Add basenode/landscape/ksplice charms, various bug fixes

 15:03 <pitti> - Completely re-deploy the whole machinery to test deployment script changes and errors

 15:03 <pitti> - Set up AMQP/swift workers for armhf/ppc64el

 15:03 <pitti> - Roll out britney to use the cloud results \o/, announce it

 15:03 <pitti> - update https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ProposedMigration to current system

 15:03 <pitti> - start documenting the new system on https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ProposedMigration/AutopkgtestInfrastructure (TBC)

 15:03 <pitti> other:

 15:03 <pitti> - three full days of g++ 5 transitions; fixed many FTBFS/broken symbols/etc., started some followup transitions, each of which triggered two more transitions; wash, rinse, sob, repeat

 15:03 <pitti> attention: will swap tomorrow with Sunday

 15:03 <pitti> [END]

 15:03 <pitti> doko is travelling FYI

 15:03 <tdaitx> ### past week

 15:03 <tdaitx> - fixed quota's FTBFS; LP: #1480047

 15:03 <tdaitx> - getting familiar with bugsquad and MOTU

 15:03 <tdaitx> - looked over OpenJDK 7 bugs, did some triage, took notes

 15:03 <tdaitx> * LP: #1232322 | invalidated for OpenJDK 7 (different issues under the same bug); set as incomplete for Scilab and asked for steps to reproduce;

 15:03 <tdaitx> * LP: #1389493 | set as incomplete and asked for more info (unable to reproduce)

 15:03 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1480047 in quota (Debian) "failure to build on wily proposed due to wrong LDFLAGS usage" [Unknown,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1480047

 15:03 <tdaitx> * LP: #1032936 | marked as duplicate of LP: #1101348

 15:03 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1232322 in scilab (Ubuntu) "Failed to write core dump. Core dumps have been disabled" [Undecided,Incomplete] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1232322

 15:03 <tdaitx> * LP: #1101348 | reported upstream to IcedTea #2571; to be accepted on 2.6.2 (if accepted we can remove xrender.patch from openjdk-7)

 15:03 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1389493 in openjdk-7 (Ubuntu) "Package dropped pulse-java.jar, breaking some development environments" [High,Incomplete] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1389493

 15:04 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1101348 in OpenJDK "duplicate for #1032936 xrender pipeline creates graphics corruption" [Medium,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1101348

 15:04 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1101348 in OpenJDK "xrender pipeline creates graphics corruption" [Medium,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1101348

 15:04 <tdaitx> * LP: #1226962 | does not seem to be an OpenJDK bug; triager asked the user for feedback

 15:04 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1226962 in unity-settings-daemon (Ubuntu) "Hotkeys not functional in non-latin keyboard layout" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1226962

 15:04 <tdaitx> * LP: #1472480 | incomplete, asked the user for more data on the reported conflict

 15:04 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1472480 in openjdk-7 (Ubuntu) "package openjdk-7-jre-headless (not installed) failed to install/upgrade: a tentar sobreescrever '/etc/java-7-openjdk/fontconfig.properties' partilhado, que é diferente de outras instâncias do pacote openjdk-7-jre-headless:amd64" [Undecided,Incomplete] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1472480

 15:04 <tdaitx> * LP: #1479703| same as above

 15:04 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1479703 in openjdk-7 (Ubuntu) "package openjdk-7-jre-headless (not installed) failed to install/upgrade: trying to overwrite shared '/etc/java-7-openjdk/fontconfig.properties', which is different from other instances of package openjdk-7-jre-headless:amd64" [Undecided,Incomplete] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1479703

 15:04 <tdaitx> * LP: #1445598 | asked for more information from the user; Google'ing led me to a few similar and weird errors (double free corruption in java), including an interesting and very old conflict between libmoon and IcedTea public symbols

 15:04 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1445598 in openjdk-7 (Ubuntu) "java assert failure: *** Error in `/usr/lib/jvm/java-7-openjdk-amd64/bin/java': double free or corruption (!prev): 0x00007f46303fa9a0 ***" [Medium,Incomplete] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1445598

 15:04 <tdaitx> - fixed small errors in wiki pages

 15:04 <tdaitx> - n̶o̶t̶i̶f̶i̶e̶d̶^W annoyed people about wrong info in Canonical's Google pages

 15:04 <tdaitx> ### next week

 15:04 <tdaitx> - continue practicing

 15:04 <tdaitx> * keep triaging openjdk bugs and fixing FTBFS packages

 15:04 <tdaitx> * look for new merges to do

 15:04 <tdaitx> ### waiting/on hold

 15:04 <tdaitx> - TCK validation for OpenJDK 7 (doko)

 15:04 <tdaitx> ### updates

 15:04 <tdaitx> - pitti accepted both FTBFS (LP: #1479474 and LP: #1480047) and fixed the Changelog entries to include the bug refs (thanks pitti!)

 15:04 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1479474 in libedit (Debian) "failure to detect libbsd on build due to wrong LDFLAGS usage" [Unknown,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1479474

 15:04 <tdaitx> *** (done)

 15:04 <barry> short week due to return from vacation

 15:04 <barry> python3.5 transition.  wrote/adapted script to keep ~pythoneers/py35asdefault ppa in sync with archive.  fixed py3cairo (1.10.0+dfsg-4ubuntu1).  waiting on maintainer to update that in debian.  other package fixes.  current ppa success rate: ~81% (928/1143)

 15:04 <slangasek> tdaitx: looking for new merges> you know about the merges.ubuntu.com pages?

 15:05 <barry> sympathizing w/pitti's rinse/repeat/sob cycle :)

 15:05 <barry> --done--

 15:05 <cyphermox> * lupin bugfix for LP: #1479760.

 15:05 <cyphermox> * updated wpa to 2.4.

 15:05 <cyphermox> * various trusty SRUs for ppc64el.

 15:05 <tdaitx> slangasek, indeed, I do, I fixed one the other week

 15:05 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1479760 in lupin (Ubuntu) "iso-scan/filename= does not search btrfs partitions" [Medium,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1479760

 15:05 <cyphermox> * ubiquity SRU for LP: #1418105.

 15:05 <cyphermox> * network-manager: various ofono fixes + fixed periodic wifi scanning (LP: #1445134)

 15:05 <cyphermox> * finished preparing multipath-tools SRU for trusty:

 15:05 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1418105 in ubiquity (Ubuntu Trusty) "Trusty: testing .2 the oem session on i386 leaves the oem wifi password in place" [High,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1418105

 15:05 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1445134 in network-manager (Ubuntu RTM) "Network manager never scanning for new access points" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1445134

 15:05 <cyphermox> - uploaded to ppa:mathieu-tl/installer-dev

 15:05 <cyphermox> - needs some extra testing with USB devices, etc. on real hardware

 15:05 <cyphermox> - should be in -proposed today or tomorrow once this extra testing is done

 15:05 <cyphermox> ⒹⓄⓃⒺ

 15:05 <sil2100> o/

 15:06 <sil2100> - Landing team work, silo coordination, preparing landing e-mails

 15:06 <sil2100> - RTM and PD status meetings and discussions

 15:06 <sil2100> - Switching production commitlogs to bileto

 15:06 <sil2100> - Registering project for landing-team tools

 15:06 <sil2100> - gcc-5 transition misc stuff:

 15:06 <sil2100> * Looked into the autopkgtest failure for qtcreator-plugin-ubuntu

 15:06 <sil2100> * The latter blocked on the boost transition, proposed a seed change to unblock

 15:06 <sil2100> - live-build apt lists removal analysis, fix proposal

 15:06 <sil2100> - Sync xserver-xorg-driver-* fixes to overlay to fix desktop environments

 15:06 <sil2100> - Follow up on the vivid-overlay translations batch copy

 15:06 <sil2100> - More work on the new touch release schedule

 15:06 <sil2100> - Quick check on our touch package build times, regardin the missing parallel builds issue

 15:06 <sil2100> - Quick look at the PD custom tarball creation/preparation

 15:06 <sil2100> - Prepare a placeholder channel for ubuntu-pd

 15:06 <sil2100> - Work on the dashboard QA status coloring - superseeded by Robert's change

 15:06 <sil2100> - Sick on Monday and part of Tuesday

 15:06 <sil2100> (done)

 15:06 <infinity> - Kernel SRU mangling

 15:06 <infinity> - All point release, all the time

 15:06 <infinity> (done)

 15:07 <robru> * Bileto rollout

 15:07 <robru> - Fixed 3 unhandled tracebacks that were only discovered in production

 15:07 <robru> - Fixed various bugfixes and papercuts as reported by users

 15:07 <robru> * CI Train Jenkins

 15:07 <robru> - Leaked Bileto's API token, had a new one generated and fixed code not to leak again

 15:07 <robru> * +1 Maintenance

 15:07 <robru> - Just starting to get some training on how this works, submitted 1 debdiff ;-)

 15:07 <robru> (done)

 15:07 <slangasek> tdaitx: ok, great

 15:07 <slangasek> infinity: oh man, now I'm going to look like I copied your report

 15:08 <bdmurray> submitted RTs about updating code on errors frontends (14.10 EoL)

 15:08 <bdmurray> submitted RT about broken graphite stats for cassandra servers

 15:08 <bdmurray> investigation into halted iproute2 phased updates

 15:08 <bdmurray> reported kernel LP: #1481038 re iproute2 crashes / kernel SRU regression

 15:08 <bdmurray> finalized tool to remove EoL crash information from the OOPS table in cassandra

 15:08 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1481038 in linux (Ubuntu Trusty) "iproute2 crashes being reported since kernel version 3.13-0-59-generic" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1481038

 15:08 <bdmurray> submitted RT to have EoL crash information removed from cassandra

 15:08 <bdmurray> working on displaying package origin in versions table on bucket page                                                                         irc discussion re bug LP: #1471903

 15:08 <infinity> slangasek: I assume yours is "All C++, all the time"?

 15:08 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1471903 in livecd-rootfs (Ubuntu) "-updates, -security missing from apt lists" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1471903

 15:08 <bdmurray> merged smoser's ubuntu-reports merge proposal

 15:08 <bdmurray> investigation into disabled cronjobs on cranberry for ubuntu-reports

 15:08 <bdmurray> update of launchpadlib authentication on cranberry for said cronjobs

 15:08 <bdmurray> attempted to create a canonistack instance from which to run cassandra queries

 15:08 <slangasek> infinity: ayup

 15:08 <bdmurray> made travel arrangements for cassandra summit

 15:08 <bdmurray> ensured meta-release was correct with regards to Lucid's status and point releases

 15:08 <bdmurray> ✔ done

 15:10 <slangasek> * all g++, all the time

 15:10 <slangasek> * batch-uploaded binary package renames for ~300 libraries

 15:10 <slangasek> * batch generated transition tracker entries for same at http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/transitions/

 15:10 <slangasek> * working on manually fixing up the things that didn't work, tracked at http://pad.ubuntu.com/gcc-5-transition

 15:10 <slangasek> * starting to traverse the stacks in priority and triggering rebuilds for dependent packages where needed

 15:10 <slangasek> * test phone image built for the phone out of wily-proposed; critical issues found and being worked on (bug #1481279)

 15:10 <ubottu> bug 1481279 in platform-api (Ubuntu) "GCC5: Phone restarts if you click on anything in the first page of welcome wizard" [Critical,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1481279

 15:10 <slangasek> * will build test images for desktop and server also this week

 15:11 <slangasek> any questions re: status?

 15:13 <slangasek> [TOPIC] AOB

 15:13 <slangasek> ok.  anything else this week for discussion?

 15:14 <infinity> slangasek: Any more news on sprinty things?

 15:14 <sil2100> Do we know about the sprint location already?

 15:14 * sil2100 prays for EU

 15:14 <slangasek> infinity, sil2100: not yet unfortunately

 15:14 <slangasek> sil2100: but you're getting your passport sorted anyway, right? :)

 15:14 <barry> oh is there a sprint planned?

 15:14 <slangasek> barry: week of September 14

 15:14 <slangasek> a bit short notice at this point

 15:15 <slangasek> and it's not finalized yet, which means the whole thing could fall apart instead and we go back to the drawing board...

 15:15 <sil2100> slangasek: yeah, well, umm, I'm planning on it! But I would need to drive to my home town to do that, and it's sooo hot...!

 15:15 <slangasek> drive to your home town?  What is this, the Roman census?

 15:15 <tdaitx> I'm also getting my passport and visa sorted out... will be a really close call if it is in the US

 15:17 <slangasek> so if people did have some spare cycles this week, we could still use more help with the g++ transition

 15:17 <slangasek> the pad link I posted has a rough list of work to be done, including some library packages that need manual fixes before they can be built with gcc5

 15:17 <slangasek> http://pad.ubuntu.com/gcc-5-transition

 15:18 <pitti> note that the pad only links to a handful of lib transitions, but it's really several hundreds

 15:18 <pitti> and just today I found at least three more libs to rename/to transition, it's a bit like a Hydra

 15:18 <slangasek> most of the coordination is happening on #ubuntu-release, though some can be via #ubuntu-devel

 15:19 <slangasek> yes, there were originally 361 candidate libraries that we knew /might/ need package name changes

 15:19 <bdmurray> a hydra or HYDRA?

 15:19 <slangasek> those were just the first-level libraries, that didn't simply fail to build with g++5

 15:20 <slangasek> and since the point release is still happening today in #ubuntu-release, let's feel free to use #ubuntu-devel for coordinating

 15:21 <slangasek> so anyone with spare cycles and not sure where to pitch in can grab me there

 15:21 <slangasek> anything else?

 15:21 <barry> yah shiboken :)

 15:21 <infinity> Please send coffee.

 15:22 * slangasek pours the grounds into the ethernet port

 15:23 <slangasek> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)