== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting: ubuntu-server-team, 12 May at 16:00 &mdash; 16:16 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2015/ubuntu-meeting.2015-05-12-16.00.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Review ACTION points from previous meeting ===
The discussion about "Review ACTION points from previous meeting" started at 16:01.


=== Wily Development ===
The discussion about "Wily Development" started at 16:03.

 * '''Release Bugs''' (16:03)
 * '''Blueprints''' (16:05)

=== Server & Cloud Bugs (caribou) ===
The discussion about "Server & Cloud Bugs (caribou)" started at 16:07.


=== Weekly Updates & Questions for the QA Team (matsubara) ===
The discussion about "Weekly Updates & Questions for the QA Team (matsubara)" started at 16:08.


=== Weekly Updates & Questions for the Kernel Team (smb, sforshee, arges) ===
The discussion about "Weekly Updates & Questions for the Kernel Team (smb, sforshee, arges)" started at 16:09.


=== Open Discussion ===
The discussion about "Open Discussion" started at 16:13.


=== Announce next meeting date, time and chair ===
The discussion about "Announce next meeting date, time and chair" started at 16:15.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * kickinz1 (31)
 * smb (11)
 * matsubara (7)
 * ubottu (4)
 * rharper (4)
 * meetingology (3)
 * arges (2)
 * coreycb (1)
 * strikov (1)
 * gnuoy (1)
 * beisner (1)
 * caribou (1)



== Full Log ==


 16:00 <kickinz1> #startmeeting ubuntu-server-team

 16:00 <meetingology> Meeting started Tue May 12 16:00:29 2015 UTC.  The chair is kickinz1. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:00 <meetingology> 

 16:00 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 16:00 <coreycb> o/

 16:00 <strikov> o/

 16:00 <rharper> \o

 16:00 <beisner> o/

 16:00 <smb> o/

 16:01 <kickinz1> o/

 16:01 <kickinz1> #topic Review ACTION points from previous meeting

 16:01 <kickinz1> I found an old one, don't know if still relevant:

 16:01 <kickinz1> James Page to provide feedback on bugs 1425288 and 1425128

 16:01 <ubottu> bug 1425128 in linux (Ubuntu Trusty) "bcache causes task hang with 3.13 kernel" [Medium,Incomplete] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1425128

 16:01 <ubottu> bug 1425288 in linux (Ubuntu) "kernel NULL pointer dereference during bcache cache_set_flush call" [High,Expired] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1425288

 16:02 <smb> shall we take that off the agenda for now?

 16:02 <kickinz1> yes

 16:03 <kickinz1> In minutes, there is no other action points left.

 16:03 <kickinz1> #topic Wily Development

 16:03 <kickinz1> Still no https://wiki.ubuntu.com/WilyWerewolf/ReleaseSchedule yet

 16:03 <kickinz1> #subtopic Release Bugs

 16:04 <kickinz1> 1 New bug since last meeting:

 16:04 <kickinz1> http://launchpad.net/bugs/1452312

 16:04 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1452312 in python-eventlet (Ubuntu Wily) "glance-registry process spins if rsyslog restarted with syslog logging enabled" [High,Confirmed]

 16:05 <kickinz1> #subtopic Blueprints

 16:06 <kickinz1> Same here, no https://blueprints.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+spec/topic-w-server yet

 16:07 <gnuoy> o/

 16:07 <kickinz1> Sorry the page is there.

 16:07 <kickinz1> #topic Server & Cloud Bugs (caribou)

 16:08 <caribou> kickinz1: nothing on my side, thanks

 16:08 <kickinz1> Thanks

 16:08 <kickinz1> #topic Weekly Updates & Questions for the QA Team (matsubara)

 16:08 <kickinz1> Anythink to say matsubara?

 16:09 <kickinz1> matsubara not ther moving on.

 16:09 <kickinz1> #topic Weekly Updates & Questions for the Kernel Team (smb, sforshee, arges)

 16:09 <smb> We are working on isolated recreation of bcache issues in 3,13. If anybody else is having new findings there let me know. Otherwise not strictly kernel but wondering whether bcache-tools in trusty (bug 1449099) is strictly sru

 16:09 <ubottu> bug 1449099 in bcache-tools (Ubuntu Trusty) "sru bcache-tools to trusty " [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1449099

 16:10 <rharper> smb: are those issues related to the setup/teardown of bcachc ?

 16:10 <smb> smb, No. Reported hangs

 16:10 <rharper> ah, new stuff, ok

 16:10 <smb> rharper, I know about the teardown

 16:10 <smb> anything about setup too?

 16:11 <smb> rharper, If you got anything, let me know offline

 16:12 <smb> Otherwise has anybody question for us

 16:12 <smb> I guess that means no

 16:12 <smb> Or irc is broken

 16:13 <arges> smb: i can hear you

 16:13 <arges> : )

 16:13 <kickinz1> :D

 16:13 <kickinz1> #topic Open Discussion

 16:13 <kickinz1> Thanks smb

 16:13 <kickinz1> Anything?

 16:14 <matsubara> kickinz1, hey, sorry I'm having connectivity issues and couldn't be online for my QA section of the meeting

 16:14 <rharper> smb: sorry , was distracted, nothing new with setup only those teardown issues with sysfs interface;  if I find anything else, will let you know

 16:14 <smb> rharper, cool. tahnks

 16:14 <kickinz1> So matsubara, do you have anything to say ?

 16:14 <matsubara> We have smoke tests running for Wily: http://d-jenkins.ubuntu-ci:8080/view/Wily/view/Smoke%20Testing%20/

 16:14 <matsubara> Some of them are failing and I'm aware of the failures. There are bug reports for them and I'm fixing and/or coordinating the fixes with others.

 16:14 <matsubara> There are some recent failures for Trusty as well which I'll debug properly during this week.

 16:14 <matsubara> That's all from me.

 16:14 <matsubara> kickinz1, ^

 16:15 <kickinz1> Thanks matsubara.

 16:15 <matsubara> de rien

 16:15 <kickinz1> ODS next week ?

 16:15 <kickinz1> #topic Announce next meeting date, time and chair

 16:16 <kickinz1> next week 19th of may, jamespage to chair.

 16:16 <kickinz1> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)