== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 09 Jun at 16:01 &mdash; 16:13 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2015/ubuntu-meeting.2015-06-09-16.01.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Review ACTION points from previous meeting ===
The discussion about "Review ACTION points from previous meeting" started at 16:02.


=== W Development ===
The discussion about "W Development" started at 16:02.

  * ''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/WilyWerewolf/ReleaseSchedule 
  * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-w-tracking-bug-tasks.html#ubuntu-server 

=== : Server & Cloud Bugs (caribou) ===
The discussion about ": Server & Cloud Bugs (caribou)" started at 16:06.


=== Weekly Updates & Questions for the QA Team (matsubara) ===
The discussion about "Weekly Updates & Questions for the QA Team (matsubara)" started at 16:07.


=== Weekly Updates & Questions for the Kernel Team (smb, sforshee, arges) ===
The discussion about "Weekly Updates & Questions for the Kernel Team (smb, sforshee, arges)" started at 16:09.


=== Ubuntu Server Team Events ===
The discussion about "Ubuntu Server Team Events" started at 16:11.


=== Open Discussion ===
The discussion about "Open Discussion" started at 16:11.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * zul (34)
 * smoser (10)
 * smb (6)
 * matsubara (4)
 * meetingology (3)
 * ubottu (1)
 * caribou (1)
 * rharper (1)



== Full Log ==


 16:01 <zul> #startmeeting

 16:01 <meetingology> Meeting started Tue Jun  9 16:01:30 2015 UTC.  The chair is zul. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:01 <meetingology> 

 16:01 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 16:02 <zul> #topic  Review ACTION points from previous meeting

 16:02 <zul> whoot it works

 16:02 <zul> nothing in the agenda

 16:02 <zul> #topic W Development

 16:02 <zul> smoser are you heere?

 16:03 <smoser> here.

 16:03 <smoser> hm..

 16:03 <zul> do you want to take this one?

 16:03 <smoser> surel

 16:03 <smoser> https://wiki.ubuntu.com/WilyWerewolf/ReleaseSchedule

 16:03 <smoser> http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-w-tracking-bug-tasks.html#ubuntu-server

 16:03 <smoser> it appears that we are actually nearing Alpha-1.

 16:04 <smoser> please take a gander at blueprints. / get  blueprints in shape

 16:04 <smoser> and please be using wily.

 16:04 <zul> yeah maybe i should be upgrading

 16:04 <smoser> expect that it works. file bugs if it does not, throw tomatos in zul's direction

 16:04 <rharper> \o

 16:04 <zul> no...melons better

 16:05 <zul> smoser: anything else?

 16:05 <smoser> lets move on.

 16:05 <zul> favorite words

 16:06 <zul> #topic: Server & Cloud Bugs (caribou)

 16:06 <zul> caribou around?

 16:06 <caribou> zul: nothing on my side for this week

 16:06 <zul> beisner: any bugs to raise?

 16:06 <zul> any questions for caribou?

 16:06 <zul> ...

 16:07 <zul> #topic Weekly Updates & Questions for the QA Team (matsubara)

 16:07 <zul> hi matsubara any updates?

 16:07 <matsubara> Hey there, I followed up with fginther on #ci about some of the trusty smoke tests failing

 16:08 <matsubara> He's going to check that and have it fixed

 16:08 <matsubara> I'll keep on it until that's fixed. That's all from me.

 16:08 <matsubara> thanks zul

 16:08 <zul> ok cool...any questions for matsubara

 16:09 <zul> ...

 16:09 <zul> #topic Weekly Updates & Questions for the Kernel Team (smb, sforshee, arges)

 16:09 <zul> smb around?

 16:09 <smb> An additional note for smoser on bug 1462530. So I cannot really

 16:09 <smb> make out anything going wrong at the time of boot for which you

 16:09 <smb> had the console log. There is a fs corruption but that may exist

 16:09 <smb> from the provisioning run. Would it be possible to go back to a

 16:09 <smb> log from that if you encounter the boot hang?

 16:09 <ubottu> bug 1462530 in linux (Ubuntu) "multipath errors on vivid and wily kernel?" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1462530

 16:10 <zul> smoser: ^^^

 16:10 <smb> We could move on and just leave it in the records

 16:10 <zul> any questions for smb?

 16:11 <zul> ...

 16:11 <zul> #topic Ubuntu Server Team Events

 16:11 <zul> linuxcon and plumbers in august

 16:11 <zul> anything else on the horizon?

 16:11 <zul> #topic Open Discussion

 16:12 <zul> floor is yours for discussion

 16:12 <zul> anything to bring up?

 16:13 <zul> ok then..

 16:13 <zul> same time next week

 16:13 <zul> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)