== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 19 Mar at 17:01 &mdash; 18:18 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2015/ubuntu-meeting.2015-03-19-17.01.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Catching up with the Kubuntu Council ===
The discussion about "Catching up with the Kubuntu Council" started at 17:02.

  * ''LINK:'' http://www.ubuntu.com/legal/terms-and-policies/intellectual-property-policy still says "Otherwise you... will need to recompile the source code to create your own binaries." this is untrue and disrespectful to the copyright owners, who are Ubuntu's upstream communities
  * ''LINK:'' https://lists.ubuntu.com/ubuntu-community-team 

=== Membership board catch up ===
The discussion about "Membership board catch up" started at 17:58.


=== AOB ===
The discussion about "AOB" started at 18:16.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * dholbach (109)
 * Riddell (68)
 * mhall119 (61)
 * czajkowski (45)
 * PabloRubianes (26)
 * ovidiu-florin (22)
 * pleia2 (17)
 * elfy (16)
 * ahoneybun (16)
 * shadeslayer (15)
 * cprofitt (9)
 * sgclark (8)
 * Laney (8)
 * Mamarok (7)
 * meetingology (6)
 * popey (4)
 * genii (2)
 * ubottu (1)
 * ogra_ (1)



== Full Log ==


 17:01 <dholbach> #startmeeting

 17:01 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Mar 19 17:01:46 2015 UTC.  The chair is dholbach. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 17:01 <meetingology> 

 17:01 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 17:01 <czajkowski> aloha

 17:01 <cprofitt> hello all

 17:02 <dholbach> #topic Catching up with the Kubuntu Council

 17:02 <dholbach> #chair pleia2 czajkowski cprofitt

 17:02 <meetingology> Current chairs: cprofitt czajkowski dholbach pleia2

 17:02 <dholbach> hey Riddell - how are you doing? did you bring anyone else from the Kubuntu Council? :)

 17:02 <Riddell> Mamarok is here from kubuntu council and ahoneybun a useful kubuntu person is here

 17:02 <dholbach> brilliant

 17:03 <Riddell> and here's sgclark another useful kubuntu person

 17:03 <dholbach> how are thing going? how are the preparations for 15.04 going?

 17:03 <Riddell> 15.04 is going to rock

 17:03 <sgclark> hi all

 17:03 <Riddell> it's out 10th anniversary and the headlines are going wild

 17:03 <pleia2> glad to hear it :)

 17:03 <pleia2> welcome sgclark

 17:03 <Riddell> I think we may crash twitter when we launch

 17:03 <dholbach> :-))

 17:03 <pleia2> Riddell: hehe

 17:03 <Riddell> first distro with Plasma 5, it's going to be the year of the linux desktop at last

 17:04 <dholbach> is the kubuntu testing squad happy with the the new release too? :)

 17:05 <Riddell> they seem to be, some issues with systemd but surisingly few given the change

 17:05 <dholbach> yeah... I was quite surprised too how smooth the transition went

 17:06 <dholbach> somebody mentioned daily image builds being broken for a day or something

 17:06 <Riddell> they're broken on virtualbox

 17:06 <Riddell> which is an issue in X that I see in ubuntu unity too

 17:06 * mhall119 is here now

 17:06 <dholbach> #chair mhall119

 17:06 <meetingology> Current chairs: cprofitt czajkowski dholbach mhall119 pleia2

 17:07 <dholbach> Riddell, do you know if a bug is open for it?

 17:07 <mhall119> Riddell: congrats on 10 years of Kubuntu, btw, that's an amazing milesgtone

 17:07 <Riddell> we have bug 1432343, was going to ask pitti if there was another one

 17:07 <ubottu> bug 1432343 in syslinux (Ubuntu) "Vivid Daily 20150315: Live cd does not boot in VirtualBox" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1432343

 17:08 <dholbach> Riddell, you could try to ping LocutusOfBorg1 about it - he's maintaining virtualbox in debian and ubuntu (if anything needs to be done there)...

 17:08 <dholbach> ah ok

 17:08 <dholbach> looks like you're well covered there :)

 17:09 <mhall119> Riddell: how have things gone coordinating Qt releases in 15.04 between KDE's and Unity's needs?

 17:10 <Riddell> mhall119: that seems to have gone well, Mirv and mitya57 are on #k-d and we chat about updates, they're pleasingly responsive

 17:10 <mhall119> great

 17:11 <mhall119> how about Wayland integration, is Plasma 5 going to use it?

 17:11 <Riddell> it will but probably not for the next LTS

 17:12 <dholbach> do you have a special build for it or something like that for testers or curious folks?

 17:12 <Riddell> no it's still in development upstream, nothing very usable yet

 17:12 <Riddell> but we do have kci

 17:12 <Riddell> kubuntu continuous integration

 17:12 <Riddell> that builds packages every day

 17:12 <Riddell> and weekly ISOs from it

 17:12 <dholbach> oh nice... what happens in kci?

 17:12 <Riddell> so Plasma and other KDE developers can always test the latest and greatest

 17:12 <dholbach> what do you build and/or test there?

 17:13 <shadeslayer> dholbach: more or less all of Plasma/ KF5 and some apps

 17:13 <shadeslayer> dholbach: all of these projects are built http://anonscm.debian.org/cgit/pkg-kde/ci-tooling.git/tree/data/projects.json

 17:13 <shadeslayer> ( except the custom_ci bits )

 17:13 <Riddell> we are also sharing out packaging repositories with Debian now

 17:13 <dholbach> does any gatekeeping happening there as well?

 17:13 <Riddell> so much less duplicate work all around

 17:14 <dholbach> like "build it, run tests, if they fail, your change won't get in"?

 17:14 <Riddell> gatekeeping?

 17:14 <shadeslayer> dholbach: some what, sitter is working on keeping a eye and fixes things as they break

 17:14 <dholbach> ok, so Sitter is the gatekeeper, I see :)

 17:14 <shadeslayer> I still need to write some code to run autotests separately ( only in build tests are run at the moment )

 17:15 <shadeslayer> more or less :P

 17:15 <dholbach> how do you feel Kubuntu is doing community wise? did you approve some new members recently?

 17:15 <shadeslayer> we are in #kubuntu-ci if you want to look at colored jenkins output :P

 17:16 <dholbach> shadeslayer, I'm usually happy enough if I *don't* get mail or any notification of jenkins :-P

 17:16 <shadeslayer> ;)

 17:17 <Riddell> the community is doing ok, we had 1 new member this year and plenty of people hang around.  it's not as active as it used to be and is probably overly dependent on me

 17:17 <dholbach> but yeah, I think it's absolutely fantastic that you're doing a lot in the CI world - it pays off so quickly

 17:17 <shadeslayer> I don't think not having new people is a bad sign per se, I've had people IM me and send me messages on Forums saying that they love Kubuntu

 17:18 <dholbach> Riddell, do you feel there are a lot of things which only you can do in the project?

 17:18 <shadeslayer> so, the developer community is most certainly becoming a bit stale :(

 17:19 <Riddell> oh sure the user community are lovely and not a day goes by when I don't get people excited about 15.04

 17:19 <dholbach> shadeslayer, sure... the people who actually decide to get involved, read the docs and take the plunge are very much the tip of the iceberg of all *ubuntu lovers

 17:19 <shadeslayer> *nod*

 17:19 <Riddell> I don't think there's anything only I can do, it's just a question of hours

 17:19 <mhall119> where do you think we can reach new potential Kubuntu developers? From the rest of the Ubuntu community, or from upstream KDE community?

 17:20 <Riddell> kubuntu users probably

 17:20 <shadeslayer> I agree

 17:21 <mhall119> are there any initiatives to convert users into developers/contributors?

 17:21 <Riddell> only that I grab people whenever they show interest and offer them tutorial and handholding

 17:22 <mhall119> So the Ubuntu Online Summit is coming up soon, I know Kubuntu hasn't used it much for planning, but it might be a good time and place to host instructional sessions for this purpose

 17:22 <mhall119> kind of a "How to become a Kubuntu Developer"

 17:23 <Riddell> possibly, I always find UOS hard to motivate myself by, we have real life meetings which work an aweful lot better

 17:23 * mhall119 is going to be looking for some Kubuntu members to be track leads again too

 17:23 <sgclark> heh

 17:23 <sgclark> I failed miserably at that

 17:23 <mhall119> Riddell: understood, the Kubuntu sessions in the last two UOSes seemed very popular though

 17:24 <mhall119> sgclark: I'm going to try and recruit you again, so I wouldn't say that :)

 17:24 <dholbach> since it's after the release, you could probably do a feedback or Q&A round

 17:24 <sgclark> lol

 17:24 <Riddell> ah here's ovidiu-florin, he's working on a nice new website for us

 17:24 <pleia2> cool

 17:24 <ovidiu-florin> hello

 17:25 <mhall119> hey ovidiu-florin

 17:25 * ovidiu-florin was hoping to stay unnoticed

 17:25 <dholbach> that's brilliant - it's really nice to get to know the entire team :-))

 17:26 <dholbach> mhall119, maybe we could invite the Kubuntu team to one of the next Community Q&A sessions?

 17:26 <ovidiu-florin> what are we talking about?

 17:26 <mhall119> +1

 17:26 <dholbach> cool :)

 17:26 <pleia2> ovidiu-florin: user community participation in kubuntu, among other things :)

 17:26 <dholbach> ovidiu-florin, regarding the Q&A session or in general?

 17:27 <shadeslayer> dholbach: that would be cool indeed

 17:27 * mhall119 just heard shadeslayer volunteer

 17:27 <dholbach> I'd love to see a demo of what's new in kubuntu land

 17:27 <shadeslayer> mhall119: I'm volunteering me and Riddell xD

 17:27 <Mamarok> sorry, I had to finish some urgent work, but am reading now

 17:27 * mhall119 just heard Riddell voluntold

 17:27 <dholbach> that might also be a good opportunity to recruit new kubuntu folks :)

 17:27 <ovidiu-florin> dholbach: in general

 17:28 <ovidiu-florin> dholbach: both actually

 17:28 <dholbach> ovidiu-florin, this meeting is an opportunity for the Kubuntu Council and Community Council to catch up

 17:28 <dholbach> ovidiu-florin, we do this once a cycle to see how things are going

 17:28 <dholbach> the Q&A session mhall119 and I mentioned happens once a week on http://ubuntuonair.com/

 17:28 <dholbach> usually we have lots of people from ubuntu social media channels who ask all kinds of questions

 17:29 <dholbach> and it's nice to have guests there who can show off something

 17:29 <dholbach> or answer questions in their area of expertise

 17:29 <shadeslayer> I have to go for spanish class, hasta luego :)

 17:29 <dholbach> shadeslayer, enjoy! :)

 17:30 <Mamarok> :)

 17:30 * Mamarok wonders why he doesn't learn Catalan instead...

 17:30 <dholbach> I'll drop Riddell and shadeslayer a mail about the Q&A and we can have a look at the calendar together

 17:30 <dholbach> does anyone have any more questions?

 17:31 * Riddell does

 17:31 <dholbach> shoot

 17:31 <ovidiu-florin> with a 9 mm

 17:31 <Riddell> http://www.ubuntu.com/legal/terms-and-policies/intellectual-property-policy still says "Otherwise you... will need to recompile the source code to create your own binaries." this is untrue and disrespectful to the copyright owners, who are Ubuntu's upstream communities

 17:31 <Riddell> I have been hilighting this for over a year and the community council has done nothing about it. It is hurting Kubuntu development. The communitiy council needs to make a firm statement that this is untrue and that in the spirit of free software they welcome derivatives.

 17:32 <mhall119> we certainly haven't done nothing

 17:32 <mhall119> in fact, it's consumed quite a bit of our time and efforts over the same year

 17:32 <czajkowski> Riddell: to be clear we've raised it to canonical legal

 17:32 * ovidiu-florin has a question as well

 17:32 <Riddell> czajkowski: that doesn't seem to be getting anywhere, time to just take a stand

 17:32 <dholbach> Where do you see Kubuntu development hurt?

 17:32 <mhall119> Riddell: can you go into detail about how it is hurting Kubuntu development?

 17:33 <czajkowski> and from there it;s kinda hit a wall  we are talking to rickspencer in the coming weeks and will ask for it to be pushed again

 17:33 <Riddell> dholbach: shadeslayer used to be working full time on Kubuntu, now he's not

 17:33 <Riddell> czajkowski: best stop giving in to their stalling and just make a statement

 17:33 <czajkowski> Riddell: it's not about taking a stand , it's about getting it corrected/ cleared up for all parties.

 17:33 <dholbach> Riddell, I'm not sure I understand

 17:33 <czajkowski> Riddell: that's not how the CC operates.

 17:33 <dholbach> Riddell, is this an immediate effect of Ubuntu trademarks?

 17:34 <Riddell> dholbach: is what?

 17:34 <mhall119> shadeslayer: has the trademark/ip question caused you problems with your employment?

 17:34 <czajkowski> Riddell: can you give us an example where this has stopped someone from contributing to Kubuntu.

 17:34 <dholbach> Riddell, shadeslayer working fulltime on Kubuntu

 17:34 <Riddell> shadeslayer has gone

 17:34 <dholbach> I'm not quite sure I follow

 17:34 <Mamarok> he just left for his Spanish lesson

 17:34 <Riddell> czajkowski: I refer the honourable lady to the answer I gave some moments ago

 17:34 <Riddell> dholbach: what don't you follow?

 17:34 <mhall119> ok, we can follow up with him via email

 17:34 <Riddell> why not just deal with the problem rather than the symptoms?

 17:35 <Mamarok> why taking this to mail, can't this be cleared here? Riddell can exmplain

 17:35 <mhall119> Riddell: the CC has limited ability to "just deal with the problem"

 17:35 * ogra_ always thought this stanza only refers to out of archive builds ... which kubuntu definitely doesnt fall under

 17:35 <dholbach> Riddell, you said the policy hurts kubuntu development, then you mention Rohan not working on Kubuntu fulltime any more - I was just wondering if the two were connected

 17:35 <Riddell> mhall119: make a public statement saying it is untrue and irrelevent

 17:35 <mhall119> Mamarok: Riddell: is shadeslayer okay with you going into detail about his employment situation?

 17:35 <Riddell> dholbach: yes they are

 17:36 <dholbach> ok, I'm afraid I don't understand

 17:36 <mhall119> Riddell: the CC is not qualified to make legal statements like that, and even if we were they would have no legal authority as we do not own the IP in question

 17:36 <Riddell> mhall119: that's irrelevent.  canonical doesn't own the copyrights either. that's the whole point.

 17:36 <Riddell> dholbach: what don't you understand?

 17:36 <dholbach> the connections

 17:36 <dholbach> the connection

 17:37 <mhall119> Riddell: they are the ones making the claim, so again the CC doesn't have any standing to make claims one way or the other

 17:37 <Riddell> dholbach: blue systems is worried that canonical will want to restrict derivates and so shadeslayer got moved to other tasks

 17:37 <mhall119> Riddell: has Blue Systems contacted Canonical about this?

 17:37 <Riddell> mhall119: yes it does, it is the ubuntu council, it can make a claim on ubuntu's behalf

 17:37 <dholbach> where are derivatives restricted?

 17:37 <elfy> sorry - was late getting away - hi Kubuntu people

 17:37 <dholbach> we all live in the same archive

 17:37 <dholbach> #chair elfy

 17:37 <meetingology> Current chairs: cprofitt czajkowski dholbach elfy mhall119 pleia2

 17:37 <mhall119> IIRC, Mint was given a very favorable agreement to clear this up

 17:37 <czajkowski> Riddell: the CC can't control what tasks shadeslayer is moved onto.

 17:38 <Riddell> dholbach: 17:31 < Riddell> http://www.ubuntu.com/legal/terms-and-policies/intellectual-property-policy still says "Otherwise you... will need to recompile the source code to create your own binaries." this is untrue and  disrespectful to the copyright owners, who are Ubuntu's upstream communities

 17:38 <Riddell> czajkowski: no but it can address the symptoms

 17:38 <Riddell> mhall119: mint did not have to make an agreement at all

 17:38 <dholbach> right, I read that the first time - I might need more detail to understand the connection between all of this

 17:38 <czajkowski> Riddell: nobody outside of their own employment can deal with that tbh let alone the CC

 17:39 <Riddell> dholbach: if canonical claims the packages in the archive are not infact free software and are restricted in use then people will not want to work with them

 17:39 <Riddell> czajkowski: you could deal with the reasons for it

 17:40 <Riddell> I'm astonished that the CC doesn't understand the basics of free software or how it can be harmed by claims that our software is not Free

 17:40 <dholbach> they are free software, no doubt about that - IANAL, but all Canonical asks for is a conversation, if you intend to use the Ubuntu trademark commercially and ship Ubuntu in a modified sense

 17:40 <pleia2> Riddell: you're being really unfair to us (and I think you know that)

 17:40 <mhall119> Riddell: the CC has been dealing with is, and are continuing to do so. If you are okay with us doing what we feel is best for Ubuntu we will keep doing that. But it means you'll have to accept what we end us doing.

 17:40 <dholbach> but as Kubuntu is a derivative and lives in the same archive.......... where's the problem?

 17:41 <pleia2> we've worked for over a year on this, more than any other topic, but our influence over Canonical is limited

 17:41 <czajkowski> Riddell: we have spent a lot of time on this and spent time raising this to the legal dept in canonical

 17:41 <dholbach> Ubuntu is free software

 17:41 <Laney> what if Blue Systems wants to ship a modified version of Kubuntu?

 17:41 <Riddell> dholbach: kubuntu is not a derivative.  we do care about our derivatives and this harms them.

 17:41 <Riddell> pleia2: so make a public statement that it is untrue

 17:41 <Laney> or if $random_person does for that matter

 17:41 <dholbach> Riddell, sorry, a flavour then

 17:41 <Laney> this clause says that they have to recompile it all

 17:42 <Riddell> czajkowski: so time to give up on the canonical legal dept, they have been stalling for a year, enough already

 17:42 <Riddell> Laney: yes.  that is not true and it is dangerous.

 17:42 <mhall119> Laney: or work within the archives as Kubuntudoes

 17:42 <czajkowski> Riddell: you keep asking us to make a statement and we've already said we wont do that not until we hear from Canonical leagal on the matter

 17:42 <Riddell> czajkowski: ok, see you in another year then.

 17:42 <Riddell> mhall119: or not.  it's their choice.  that's free software.

 17:43 <czajkowski> Riddell: you're really making this harder than needs be, you'd swear the CC sit around doing nothing

 17:43 <czajkowski> we've put a lot of effort into this

 17:43 <czajkowski> and yes it hasn't been easy

 17:43 <Riddell> czajkowski: what has changed in the last year?

 17:43 <czajkowski> nor have we gotten to the bottom of it yet

 17:43 <czajkowski> but we are at least trying

 17:43 <mhall119> Riddell: do you want the CC do handle this, or do you want the CC to just come to a specific conclusion that you've already come to?

 17:44 <Mamarok> mayber it's the fact that we got no feedback on it so far, and the legal departement obviously doesn't want to do anything about it

 17:44 <Riddell> mhall119: I want the CC to give up on canonical legal who are clearly not interested in fixing it and make a statement that it is untrue.

 17:44 * ovidiu-florin has a question as well, please don't forget

 17:44 <mhall119> Riddell: and if the CC doesn't agree with that statement?

 17:44 <cprofitt> Riddell: In order to make a public statement on a legal matter the CC would have to have a legal expert familiar with international law and the laws of several countries. I do not feel qualified to make any such public statement. I also would like to say that public thrashing about on the topic does not help the situation either.

 17:44 <Riddell> cprofitt: that's just making excuses

 17:45 <Mamarok> cprofitt: doesn't affect international law, it affects the Free Software licenses IMHO, but IANAL

 17:45 <Riddell> mhall119: than make one you do agree on, but don't let someone claim Ubuntu is not Free software

 17:45 <Riddell> anyway this is going nowhere again, let's move on

 17:45 <mhall119> Mamarok: how that license is applied depends to a large extent on the law in the place it is tried

 17:46 <cprofitt> Riddell: I do not see it as an excuse Riddell, but I would like to ask you to be more respectful of the people trying to sort through the issue.

 17:46 <dholbach> This is a trademarks/IP issue and you know that Canonical has to be protective of the trademarks - that the success of Ubuntu and Canonical are connected. Kubuntu has lots of freedoms, like everyone else who works in the archive. When modified versions of *Ubuntu are still called *Ubuntu, that can be a problem. It'll be hard to get a "carte blanche" in this area.

 17:46 <dholbach> Or are we talking about a different issue?

 17:47 <Riddell> dholbach: it's a copyright issue

 17:47 <cprofitt> We are trying to do what is right through the channels we have. Just because I have not gotten a timely response I will not make statements I can not make in good faith.

 17:47 <Riddell> cprofitt: ok, see you next year.

 17:47 <mhall119> Riddell: if Blue Systems or shadeslayer have been specifically impacted by this issue, I would encourage them to talk directly to the CC also so that we can have that additional information to take to Canonical legal

 17:47 <elfy> I think that we should move on and see what ovidiu-florin has - we've also got the Membership Board

 17:47 <dholbach> right

 17:47 <cprofitt> elfy: I agree

 17:48 * ovidiu-florin is affraid to ask

 17:48 <mhall119> ovidiu-florin: don't be :)

 17:48 <ovidiu-florin> can I ask here/now about the Ubuntu community fund?

 17:48 <cprofitt> Riddell: Thanks for your understanding and patience.

 17:48 <dholbach> ovidiu-florin, what's your question?

 17:48 <mhall119> ovidiu-florin: you can, but we are scheduling a meeting to get more information from Canonical about it, so we may not be able to answer everything today

 17:49 <elfy> ovidiu-florin: we're actually looking into that currently - we have a meeting later

 17:49 <ovidiu-florin> I'm not asking about aproval for my request

 17:49 <ovidiu-florin> I want to ask abouot an issue that I understand from Riddell that there's a topic somewhere about this

 17:49 <dholbach> can you be more specific?

 17:50 * ovidiu-florin is typing

 17:50 <ovidiu-florin> Why can't we apply for funds for expences that we already had? For the many cases when we can't forsee what expenses we will have?

 17:50 <cprofitt> ovidiu-florin: there is a topic that Riddell has raised. I am not sure we can call it an issue yet, but there may be one. We are researching that and discussing with the Canonical Community team.

 17:51 <mhall119> ovidiu-florin: so that's more of a question for the Community Team, but I can answer it

 17:51 <ovidiu-florin> You can't always predict the costs for a trip, or an event

 17:51 <elfy> ovidiu-florin: that is the issue that we're currently sorting out - we'll not be able to do anything now

 17:51 <dholbach> Just estimate.

 17:51 <elfy> and Riddell knows that we're looking into it

 17:51 <dholbach> we don't want people to be in a position where they just assume "oh, this'll be paid for"

 17:52 <dholbach> and then end up having to pay because of misunderstandings or other issues

 17:52 <mhall119> ovidiu-florin: the primary reason is because we don't want people to be out of money if we don't approve. If somebody spends money, then asks tobe paid back, but the use wasn't a valid use, we'll have to tell them know and now they are personally hurt (financially) by it

 17:52 <dholbach> it'll also help planning and budgeting

 17:52 <ovidiu-florin> For example, I can make a request for the travel expenses, but bu the time they get acecpted, The price of the plane ticket may have doubled.

 17:52 <mhall119> ovidiu-florin: most of the time an estimate on your trip's cost is all we need

 17:52 <dholbach> we've gotten much much better at responding quickly

 17:52 <mhall119> ovidiu-florin: and we can (and do) adjust what is paid when things like ticket prices change

 17:53 <dholbach> ok... shall we move on and have a chat with the Membership Board?

 17:53 <ovidiu-florin> so far I've always payed for the plane ticket myself well in advance of the event, and apply for reinbursment the same day,

 17:54 <ovidiu-florin> this way avoiding to make big expences

 17:54 <ovidiu-florin> in the ~ 2 weeks it takes to get aproval the ticket may grow another 100â‚¬

 17:54 <ovidiu-florin> depends on the company and the destination

 17:54 <ovidiu-florin> and the timeframe

 17:55 <mhall119> ovidiu-florin: if you apply first with a rough estimate, we can at least approve it and then either pay you before you purchase, or hold off on paying you until after, we just would like to be able to say "yes this is a valid use of this money" or "No, this isn't a valid use of this money" before people commit to it

 17:55 <ovidiu-florin> IMO there are many cases when we can show the Bill, and from previous fundings, to asume they are ok

 17:55 <dholbach> if we can't book flights for events well in advance, I think that's just what has to happen here :/

 17:55 <czajkowski> mhall119: you did say it's like a 10 day 2 week turn around or less rught ?

 17:55 <czajkowski> you meet every week and it's on the topic

 17:55 <mhall119> czajkowski: typically, but not always

 17:55 <cprofitt> I think we are a bit in the weeds on this particular issue. We are looking in to the specifics to make sure there is both more transparency and that it is easier for community members to make use of the funds. We have to ensure the program is also manageable from Canonical's side as well.

 17:56 <mhall119> ovidiu-florin: if you said "the ticket is going to be between 1000 and 1500 euro", we can work with that

 17:56 <cprofitt> It might be best to move on to the other scheduled topic though.

 17:56 <mhall119> right, ovidiu-florin you can join #ubuntu-community-team or email us directly if you want

 17:56 <Riddell> one more question: There seems to be no community mailing list for Ubuntu to discuss community issues.  Can we make one?

 17:56 <dholbach> https://lists.ubuntu.com/ubuntu-community-team

 17:57 <mhall119> ^^

 17:57 <Riddell> dholbach: is everyone welcome and encouraged to subscribe to that?

 17:57 <dholbach> ?

 17:57 <popey> announced on ubuntu-devel 6 months ago. https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-devel-announce/2014-September/001110.html

 17:57 <pleia2> of course

 17:57 <dholbach> of course

 17:57 <popey> -announce

 17:57 <Riddell> ah hah

 17:57 <Riddell> lovely

 17:58 <dholbach> when did Ubuntu ever have mailing lists that didn't invite people?

 17:58 <czajkowski> right moving on

 17:58 <dholbach> ....

 17:58 <czajkowski> as we're really out of time

 17:58 <czajkowski> membership board...

 17:58 <dholbach> yes, czajkowski: thanks

 17:58 <PabloRubianes> Im here

 17:58 <PabloRubianes> :)

 17:58 <czajkowski> #topic Membership board catch up

 17:58 <czajkowski> PabloRubianes: aloha :D

 17:58 <PabloRubianes> Hello CC

 17:58 <elfy> hi PabloRubianes

 17:58 <PabloRubianes> czajkowski: hello

 17:58 <dholbach> hey PabloRubianes

 17:58 <dholbach> how are things?

 17:59 <ahoneybun> hey PabloRubianes

 17:59 <PabloRubianes> I think that some are fine

 17:59 <PabloRubianes> we had no much of problems

 17:59 <PabloRubianes> but

 17:59 <dholbach> how is the Membership board? did we get a couple more nominations?

 17:59 <PabloRubianes> we are having some issues to get people to the nominations

 17:59 <dholbach> ok

 17:59 <PabloRubianes> pleia2: helped us with that

 17:59 <dholbach> can we all take an action to each think of somebody who could nominate themselves

 18:00 <dholbach> and then twist their arms to actually nominate themselves? :)

 18:00 * mhall119 goes to poke jcastro about it again

 18:00 <czajkowski> mhall119: poke prod bribe you know the usual wiht jcastro :)

 18:01 <mhall119> I'll just promise him a charm for something

 18:01 <elfy> PabloRubianes: how many do you think are still needed? or perhaps how many do you have?

 18:01 <mhall119> 14:00 < jcastro> I will do that now

 18:01 <mhall119> \o/

 18:02 <PabloRubianes> elfy I have to check as I believe many of us (not me) are expiring

 18:02 <pleia2> I'd also like to encourage the whole CC to reach out to people they think are potential good candidates :)

 18:02 <elfy> PabloRubianes: 7 expire

 18:02 <pleia2> speaking from experience, it means a lot when a sitting board/council member asks someone if they'd be willing to participate in the board

 18:02 <PabloRubianes> we have 6 nominies

 18:02 <czajkowski> pleia2: sure

 18:02 <elfy> PabloRubianes: excluding jcastro ?

 18:03 <PabloRubianes> yeap

 18:03 <PabloRubianes> on the mailing list we have 6

 18:03 <elfy> ok

 18:04 * mhall119 can confirm pleia2's statement, that's why I'm here :)

 18:05 <elfy> funnily enough ...

 18:05 <czajkowski> lol

 18:05 <czajkowski> PabloRubianes: is there anything else we can do to help ?

 18:06 <PabloRubianes> czajkowski: I think we are OK, maybe less people came to get the membership

 18:06 <elfy> yea - someone mentioned that to me

 18:06 <PabloRubianes> comparing to a few years ago

 18:06 <pleia2> yeah, that's been a trend we've been noticing for a couple years

 18:06 <czajkowski> PabloRubianes: I think people don't think they can go for it

 18:06 <elfy> not sure what can be done about it

 18:06 <PabloRubianes> I think community as a whole is way less activ

 18:06 <dholbach> in the last time we pinged a couple of folks who applied for community funds

 18:06 <czajkowski> I've chatted to a few folks who are very helpful on irc on ubuntu-uk none thought they could ge tit

 18:06 <PabloRubianes> active*

 18:07 <czajkowski> yet spend their day on irc helping people

 18:07 <dholbach> because we felt "they've been around for ages, they should apply" :)

 18:07 <pleia2> based on announcements from meetings, it doesn't seem to be getting considerably worse (based on 2 years ago, definitely worse than 5 years ago)

 18:07 <czajkowski> people need to be encouraged

 18:07 <czajkowski> I'd ask eveyrone to talk to people in their community, irc, forums and talk to them about memberhsip

 18:07 <czajkowski> what it entails

 18:07 <czajkowski> offer to help with the wiki

 18:07 <czajkowski> leave a testimonial etc

 18:07 <czajkowski> so they know they can do it if encouraged

 18:08 <sgclark> we have been pushing for memberships in our Loco

 18:08 <PabloRubianes> czajkowski: I think that before that we need to get new people to the community

 18:08 <dholbach> sgclark, nice one

 18:08 <dholbach> locos are usually good for that, because you can remind folks everytime you meet up :)

 18:08 * mhall119 has been pleased to see many of our new app developer community seeking and gaining membership

 18:08 <PabloRubianes> i think that is the issue here, not much new people

 18:08 <sgclark> yep

 18:09 * czajkowski pokes popey go poke the ubuntu-uk team :)

 18:09 <PabloRubianes> mhall119: I recall some of them

 18:09 <popey> wat?

 18:09 <dholbach> we're chatting in #ubuntu-locoteams about it too now

 18:11 <dholbach> ok... so we should probably chat tomorrow or some other time again and figure out together who else should be nominated :)

 18:11 <czajkowski> ok

 18:11 <ahoneybun> dholbach: nominated?

 18:12 * mhall119 proposes a small Perl script that randomly selects Ubuntu members and places them on boards without their consent

 18:12 <czajkowski> right ok anything else from membership board?

 18:12 <dholbach> ahoneybun, should nominate themselves :)

 18:12 <ahoneybun> dholbach: for what?

 18:12 <sgclark> lol mhall119

 18:12 * ahoneybun was scared to asked

 18:12 <dholbach> ahoneybun, I was looking for a word like "voluntold" :)

 18:12 <ahoneybun> XD

 18:12 <dholbach> ahoneybun, oh sorry... we're talking about the Ubuntu Membership Board

 18:12 <ahoneybun> oh ok cool

 18:12 <mhall119> ahoneybun: you should apply for the Membership board

 18:12 <dholbach> ahoneybun, some members are having their end of term quite soon

 18:12 <dholbach> so we're looking for nominations

 18:12 * genii gets a random email notifying him he's now on an Ubuntu board

 18:13 * genii glares at mhall119

 18:13 <PabloRubianes> ahoneybun: we are nice people, join us :P

 18:13 <PabloRubianes> hehehe

 18:13 <ahoneybun> mhall119: not sure if I'm up to par

 18:13 * mhall119 pretty sure you are

 18:13 * dholbach too :)

 18:13 <ahoneybun> :)

 18:13 <pleia2> ++

 18:13 * mhall119 is reminded to leave a testimonial for ahayzen's membership application

 18:14 <ahoneybun> wow I got 3 votes already lol

 18:14 <mhall119> lol

 18:14 <dholbach> mhall119, ah yes, have the link again?

 18:14 <sgclark> go ahoneybun!

 18:14 <ahoneybun> 4

 18:14 <mhall119> dholbach: https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ahayzen

 18:14 <dholbach> thanks mhall119

 18:14 <mhall119> It's been open in a tab for days now, a silent shameful reminder that I haven't done it yet

 18:14 * ahoneybun will leave a tesimonial as well

 18:14 <dholbach> so... if you're interested, here's http://fridge.ubuntu.com/2015/03/15/ubuntu-membership-board-call-for-nominations-extended/

 18:14 <dholbach> do we have anything else we need to talk about?

 18:14 * mhall119 has nothing

 18:15 <PabloRubianes> Thanks for your time

 18:15 <dholbach> PabloRubianes, anything else from the Membership boards?

 18:15 <dholbach> PabloRubianes, anything we should look into?

 18:15 <PabloRubianes> and help looking of people to join!

 18:15 <dholbach> mhall119, we should talk about the membership board in the next Q&A

 18:15 <dholbach> :)

 18:15 <PabloRubianes> dholbach: no, is ok!

 18:15 <popey> +1

 18:15 * dholbach hugs PabloRubianes

 18:15 * ahoneybun trys to apply for membershit

 18:15 <ahoneybun> *ship

 18:15 <ahoneybun> darn

 18:15 <elfy> lol

 18:15 <pleia2> thanks PabloRubianes

 18:16 <PabloRubianes> HAHAH

 18:16 <czajkowski> what a typo :)

 18:16 <mhall119> lol, well now you've lost it

 18:16 <elfy> ok - so if there's nothing else from Membership Board?

 18:16 <czajkowski> #topic AOB

 18:16 <czajkowski> anything else folks

 18:16 <Laney> did you get my email about voting rules?

 18:16 <dholbach> haha

 18:16 <elfy> Laney: yes we did

 18:16 <czajkowski> Laney: we did  Scott did reply

 18:17 <czajkowski> he is the man of the voting

 18:17 <dholbach> yes, but I didn't get around to replying yet

 18:17 <Laney> not to me

 18:17 <ahoneybun> I did it again when typing the email lol

 18:17 <czajkowski> lemmie go and poke him

 18:17 <pleia2> czajkowski: discussion has just be in the CC so far

 18:17 <Laney> it's not a secret

 18:17 * mhall119 replied

 18:17 <Laney> would appreciate devel-permissions being kept in the thread

 18:17 <pleia2> Laney: indeed, I didn't realize we hadn't kept you in the loop, sorry

 18:17 <Laney> someone should go bounce the emails

 18:17 * pleia2 just noticed now

 18:17 <dholbach> all right... I've got to run now

 18:18 <dholbach> have a great rest of your day - thanks everyone!

 18:18 <mhall119> bye dholbach

 18:18 <ahoneybun> 22:00 is...

 18:18 <czajkowski> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)