== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting: ubuntu-server-team, 20 Jan at 16:00 &mdash; 16:24 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2015/ubuntu-meeting.2015-01-20-16.00.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Review ACTION points from previous meeting ===
The discussion about "Review ACTION points from previous meeting" started at 16:01.

  * ''ACTION:'' : gaughen to establish new qa-team point of contact for server team

=== Vivid Development ===
The discussion about "Vivid Development" started at 16:03.

  * ''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/VividVervet/ReleaseSchedule 
 * '''Release Bugs''' (16:05)
  * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-v-tracking-bug-tasks.html#ubuntu-server 
 * '''Blueprints''' (16:09)
  * ''LINK:'' http://status.ubuntu.com/ubuntu-v/group/topic-v-server.html 
  * ''LINK:'' https://blueprints.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+spec/topic-v-server 

=== Server & Cloud Bugs (caribou) ===
The discussion about "Server & Cloud Bugs (caribou)" started at 16:11.


=== Weekly Updates & Questions for the QA Team (psivaa) ===
The discussion about "Weekly Updates & Questions for the QA Team (psivaa)" started at 16:14.


=== Weekly Updates & Questions for the Kernel Team (smb, sforshee, arges) ===
The discussion about "Weekly Updates & Questions for the Kernel Team (smb, sforshee, arges)" started at 16:16.

  * ''ACTION:'' : jamespage to answer question in bug 1410363 in response to smb

=== Ubuntu Server Team Events ===
The discussion about "Ubuntu Server Team Events" started at 16:20.


=== Open Discussion ===
The discussion about "Open Discussion" started at 16:22.


=== Announce next meeting date and time ===
The discussion about "Announce next meeting date and time" started at 16:23.




== Vote results ==




== Action items, by person ==

 * gaughen
  * : gaughen to establish new qa-team point of contact for server team
 * jamespage
  * : jamespage to answer question in bug 1410363 in response to smb
 * smb
  * : jamespage to answer question in bug 1410363 in response to smb



== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * coreycb (60)
 * jamespage (8)
 * meetingology (5)
 * caribou (3)
 * rbasak (3)
 * ubottu (3)
 * beisner (3)
 * smb (2)
 * gaughen (2)
 * rharper (2)
 * teward (1)
 * gnuoy` (1)
 * smoser (1)
 * kickinz1 (1)
 * arges (1)



== Full Log ==


 16:00 <coreycb> #startmeeting ubuntu-server-team

 16:00 <meetingology> Meeting started Tue Jan 20 16:00:09 2015 UTC.  The chair is coreycb. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:00 <meetingology> 

 16:00 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 16:00 <gnuoy`> o/

 16:00 <coreycb> Good morning everyone, and welcome to the weekly server team meeting

 16:00 <arges> o/

 16:00 <coreycb> or afternoon, etc

 16:01 <coreycb> well the first order of business, of course, it's jamespage's birthday!

 16:01 <coreycb> I think he's 25 or so.

 16:01 <coreycb> So happy birthday jamespage!

 16:01 <rharper> \o

 16:01 <coreycb> #topic Review ACTION points from previous meeting

 16:01 <jamespage> thanks coreycb

 16:01 <jamespage> only 21 actually

 16:01 <rharper> heh

 16:02 <coreycb> action item from last week: gaughen to establish new qa-team point of contact for server team

 16:02 <jamespage> I must look old for my age of something

 16:02 <coreycb> :)

 16:02 <gaughen> coreycb, that is in progress. beisner and I are working on it.

 16:02 <kickinz1> o/

 16:03 <beisner> o/

 16:03 <coreycb> gaughen, ok want me to keep it as an action item?

 16:03 <gaughen> coreycb, sure

 16:03 <coreycb> #ACTION: gaughen to establish new qa-team point of contact for server team

 16:03 * meetingology : gaughen to establish new qa-team point of contact for server team

 16:03 * rbasak waves at teward

 16:03 <teward> o/

 16:03 <coreycb> #topic Vivid Development

 16:03 <coreycb> #link https://wiki.ubuntu.com/VividVervet/ReleaseSchedule

 16:04 <coreycb> today is Jan 20th

 16:04 <coreycb> Jan 22nd is alpha 2 (For opt-in flavors)

 16:04 <coreycb> Feb 19th is feature freeze and debian import freeze

 16:05 <coreycb> #subtopic Release Bugs

 16:05 <coreycb> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-v-tracking-bug-tasks.html#ubuntu-server

 16:05 <coreycb> we have 4 ubuntu-server bugs, none of which are new since last week

 16:06 <smoser> the cloud-init ones are mine and will be uploaded to vivid this week for sure.

 16:07 <coreycb> smoser, thanks sounds good

 16:07 <coreycb> jamespage, do we need to poke anyone on juju systemd?

 16:08 <jamespage> coreycb, they know

 16:08 <jamespage> :-)

 16:08 <coreycb> and last but not least we have #1385851

 16:08 <coreycb> bug #1385851

 16:08 <ubottu> bug 1385851 in openvpn (Ubuntu Vivid) "OpenVPN only supports TLS v1.0" [Medium,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1385851

 16:09 <coreycb> patch is upstream and needs to get picked up

 16:09 <coreycb> ok so moving on..

 16:09 <coreycb> #subtopic Blueprints

 16:09 <coreycb> #link http://status.ubuntu.com/ubuntu-v/group/topic-v-server.html

 16:09 <coreycb> #link https://blueprints.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+spec/topic-v-server

 16:10 <coreycb> Everyone please keep your blueprints updated

 16:10 <coreycb> Does anyone have anything to add?

 16:10 <beisner> ahrg.   fyi, a pip upgrade of tempest-lib is probably necessary for anyone doing tempest smoke tests from o-c-t

 16:11 <beisner> ha, wrong channel, but might be useful here too.  ;-)

 16:11 <coreycb> beisner, ok thanks for the info! :)

 16:11 <coreycb> ok so let's move on then

 16:11 <coreycb> #topic Server & Cloud Bugs (caribou)

 16:12 * coreycb pokes caribou

 16:13 <caribou> sorry TZ mixup

 16:13 <coreycb> hey great timing caribou

 16:13 <coreycb> you're up with Server & Cloud Bugs

 16:13 <caribou> nothing in particular, busy on some obscure CUPS bug

 16:13 <caribou> & apport upstream issues

 16:14 <coreycb> ok does anyone have anything for caribou ?

 16:14 <coreycb> ok thanks caribou

 16:14 <coreycb> #topic Weekly Updates & Questions for the QA Team (psivaa)

 16:15 * coreycb pokes psivaa

 16:16 <coreycb> ok let's move on for now at least

 16:16 <coreycb> #topic Weekly Updates & Questions for the Kernel Team (smb, sforshee, arges)

 16:16 <smb> I would kindly like to bring up bug 1410363 which I really need more information for. Not looking at anybody in particular but... jamespage !?

 16:16 <ubottu> bug 1410363 in linux (Ubuntu) "partition table updates require a reboot" [High,Incomplete] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1410363

 16:16 <jamespage> smb, ah - I need to get you access

 16:16 <jamespage> smb, we can sort that out

 16:16 <jamespage> sorry

 16:16 <smb> jamespage, Or answer the question in the bug :)

 16:17 <coreycb> ok I'll make an action item and move on

 16:18 <coreycb> #ACTION: jamespage to answer question in bug 1410363 in response to smb

 16:18 * meetingology : jamespage to answer question in bug 1410363 in response to smb

 16:18 <ubottu> bug 1410363 in linux (Ubuntu) "partition table updates require a reboot" [High,Incomplete] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1410363

 16:18 <coreycb> do we have anything else to cover from/for the kernel team?

 16:19 <coreycb> ok moving on

 16:20 <coreycb> and sorry psivaa, I do recall he's moved on from QA (thus the action item earlier)

 16:20 <coreycb> #topic Ubuntu Server Team Events

 16:20 <coreycb> well, other than birthdays, anything going on?

 16:20 <rbasak> FOSDEM is soon

 16:21 <coreycb> ok thanks rbasak

 16:21 <coreycb> anyone going?

 16:21 <rbasak> I think I'm skipping it this year. I've too much on at the weekends right now :(

 16:22 <coreycb> ok

 16:22 <coreycb> #topic Open Discussion

 16:22 <coreycb> Does anyone have anything else they would like to discuss or mention?

 16:22 <coreycb> Ok then back to work!

 16:23 <coreycb> #topic Announce next meeting date and time

 16:23 <coreycb> Our next meeting will be Jan 27th at the same time

 16:23 <coreycb> jamespage, you are marked as the next chair

 16:24 <coreycb> Have a good week everyone

 16:24 <coreycb> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)