== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 19 Feb at 16:03 &mdash; 16:20 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2015/ubuntu-meeting.2015-02-19-16.03.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== lightning round ===
The discussion about "lightning round" started at 16:04.

  * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/dvd+rw-tools/+bug/1113679 

=== AOB ===
The discussion about "AOB" started at 16:18.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * barry (33)
 * ubottu (22)
 * mvo (22)
 * sil2100 (19)
 * bdmurray (18)
 * robru (16)
 * slangasek (15)
 * jodh (15)
 * cyphermox (14)
 * infinity (11)
 * caribou (9)
 * meetingology (3)
 * sak (1)



== Full Log ==


 16:03 <barry> #startmeeting

 16:03 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Feb 19 16:03:12 2015 UTC.  The chair is barry. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:03 <meetingology> 

 16:03 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 16:03 <mvo> thanks barry

 16:03 <barry> give me a few moments folks...

 16:04 <infinity> o/

 16:04 <barry> #topic lightning round

 16:05 <barry> echo $(shuf -e barry doko stgraber jodh bdmurray slangasek caribou infinity mvo sil2100 robru cyphermox)

 16:05 <barry> sil2100 caribou robru doko slangasek stgraber mvo barry jodh bdmurray infinity cyphermox

 16:05 <barry> sil2100: you're up!

 16:05 * cyphermox is starting to think shuf knows about him, and sorts 'cy' towards the end.

 16:05 <sil2100> Oh!

 16:05 <sil2100> I didn't expect that

 16:06 <sil2100> - Landing team work, silo coordination, preparing landing e-mails

 16:06 <sil2100> - Trying to debug/triage some of the strange CI Train problems sighted on Friday

 16:06 <caribou> sil2100: I can start if you want

 16:06 <sil2100> - Promotion of the RC image for the ww07-2015 milestone

 16:06 <sil2100> - Documenting the ww07-2015 milestone on the reports page

 16:06 <sil2100> - Attending RTM status meetings

 16:06 <sil2100> - Tending the ww09-2015 milestone, coordinating landings and fixes

 16:06 <sil2100> - Experimenting with custom tarball creation for ubuntu-rtm mako * Poking around and learning about apparmor cache re-creation

 16:06 <sil2100> - Archive diff automated scripts * Implemented proper deep version differencing between archives * Made the binary -> source conversion more efficient

 16:06 <sil2100> - Improve error handling for commitlog generation

 16:06 <sil2100> - A short patch-pilot duty

 16:06 <sil2100> (done)

 16:06 <caribou> Bugfix:

 16:06 <sil2100> hm, it pasted strangely

 16:06 <caribou> - Upload of Firmware assisted dump support for ppc64el to Vivid (LP: #1415562)

 16:06 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1415562 in linux (Ubuntu) "[Ubuntu 15.04] Support firmware assisted dump on ppc64le" [Medium,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1415562

 16:06 <caribou> - CUPS : SRU for bug #1352809 (-h override)

 16:06 <ubottu> bug 1352809 in cups (Ubuntu Utopic) "/usr/bin/lp on Trusty using -h option doesn't work as expected" [Medium,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1352809

 16:06 <caribou> - rsyslog memory leak (LP: #1423586)

 16:07 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1423586 in rsyslog (Ubuntu Trusty) "Please backport memory leak fixes present up to 7.4.6" [Medium,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1423586

 16:07 <caribou> - libvirtd lost floating IP

 16:07 <caribou> Prepare CTS sprint

 16:07 <caribou> Work on deja-dup FTBS (test needs fixing)

 16:07 <caribou> (done)

 16:07 <robru> * Train:

 16:07 <robru> - ported test suite from nose to nose2 at barry's recommendation

 16:07 <robru> - fixed a couple of unhandled exceptions in rare corner cases discovered in last weeks' build.py rewrite

 16:07 <robru> - started a branch for pushing merged branches to LP at build time instead of publish time (but didn't land this yet)

 16:07 <robru> - started generating full silo content diffs at build time

 16:07 <robru> - in response to disk space crisis, added a cleanup step that deletes extra copies of built packages after they're no longer needed (eg, versions from distro are downloaded for diffing, and then those get left around taking up space; deleting them halves the silo disk usage after diffs are generated)

 16:07 <robru> - discovered a case where two silos containing the same package were published at the same time; the usual check that prevents this failed due to a race condition, experimented with a branch to resolve this but it's incomplete.

 16:07 <robru> - removed the mandatory 5 minute pause at the start of the watch phase; this has no effect on builds but speeds up WATCH_ONLY runs on already-built silos from 5 minutes to 20 seconds.

 16:07 <robru> - merged watch_ppa.py into build.py because it no longer made sense for those modules to be separate (watch_ppa.py contained a lot of boilerplate that duplicated what was already handled better by the new build.py; merging them resulted in the watch_ppa.py logic taking up half as many lines of code with no feature regressions)

 16:07 <robru> - streamlined a couple untested packagemanager.py functions and wrote tests for them

 16:07 <robru> - modified build.py to start recording the revno of the branch it merges, and modified publisher.py to check these revnos and prevent publication if a branch contains a new, unbuilt revno.

 16:07 <robru> - attempted running the test suite under py3 and started fixing the easiest of bugs, however there's a large class of unicode bugs I've yet to understand.

 16:07 <barry> robru: \o/

 16:08 <barry> robru: feel free to ping me about those

 16:09 <barry> i think doko is not here today

 16:09 <barry> slangasek: are you ready or should we come back to you?

 16:09 <robru> barry: yeah I need to read about unicode, I do not understand it very well atall

 16:10 <barry> robru: i have some excellent links and resources i'll pass along

 16:10 <robru> barry: thanks

 16:10 <barry> let's come back to slangasek

 16:10 <sak> 51 minutes until the meeting

 16:10 <barry> stgraber: are you here today?

 16:10 <mvo> robru: very impressive list :)

 16:10 <robru> mvo: thanks ;-)

 16:10 <barry> let's come back to stgraber, tho i'm not sure he's here today

 16:11 <barry> mvo: you're up if you want, or we can come back

 16:11 <mvo> click:

 16:11 <mvo> - merge review feedback from barry, thanks!

 16:11 <mvo> - New click 0.4.37, mostly SDK fixes

 16:11 <mvo> growisosfs:

 16:11 <mvo> - merge fix for blue-ray burning bts #713016 (LP: #113679) + SRU

 16:11 <mvo> unattended-upgrades:

 16:11 <mvo> - Review/merge fix for #1422345 and upload new version (thanks Brian!)

 16:11 <mvo> snappy:

 16:11 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 113679 in xorg-server (Ubuntu Dapper) "xorg freezes when running openoffice" [High,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/113679

 16:11 <mvo> - prepare new alpha3 with snappy-go as part of the release

 16:11 <mvo> - lots of features/fixes/improvements for snappy-go

 16:11 <mvo> (include fixes to make the code go vet/go-lint clean)

 16:11 <mvo> - spec/implemented snappy config (with examples)

 16:11 <mvo> (done)

 16:11 <mvo> eh, thats not the right bugnumber

 16:12 <slangasek> barry: right, hi, here now :)

 16:12 <slangasek> but I have nothing written ;-D

 16:12 <mvo> bug #11133679

 16:12 <ubottu> Error: Launchpad bug 11133679 could not be found

 16:12 <barry> slangasek: no worries, we'll come back to you

 16:12 <barry> short week due to usa holiday.

 16:12 <barry> si: LP: #1421434.  LP: #1387719.  lots of testing for 3.0 release.  built 3.0 package for citrain; testing and debugging build failures.  started to look at the server code; filed one mp with more to come.  (server needs some changes to support si 3.0)

 16:12 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1421434 in Ubuntu system image "Ensure reactor listens for signals on the correct object path" [High,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1421434

 16:12 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1387719 in Ubuntu system image "Update useragent to contain the current channel name, device name and build id" [High,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1387719

 16:12 <barry> other: click reviews for mvo.  lots of discussion upstream and elsewhere about python zip file distributions (single-file executables).  investigated several tools.  began working with pex.

 16:12 <barry> debuntu: debian bug 778708 (pex ITP)

 16:12 <ubottu> Debian bug 778708 in wnpp "ITP: python-pex -- library for generating Python executable zip files" [Wishlist,Open] http://bugs.debian.org/778708

 16:12 <barry> --done--

 16:12 <mvo> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/dvd+rw-tools/+bug/1113679

 16:12 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1113679 in dvd+rw-tools (Ubuntu Utopic) "Close session failed when burning 25gb blu-ray disc" [Undecided,In progress]

 16:13 <mvo> barry: \o/ for the reviews

 16:13 <barry> mvo: np!  ping me if you need more

 16:13 <barry> jodh: are you around today?

 16:13 <mvo> barry: there are still some open but no real rush

 16:13 <jodh> * snappy:

 16:13 <jodh> - Reworked bug 1412737 after discovering the original code didn't work

 16:13 <ubottu> bug 1412737 in snappy-ubuntu "snappy on grub systems should detect a broken boot and fall back to the other root partition on power cycling." [Critical,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1412737

 16:13 <jodh> in a chroot:

 16:13 <jodh> https://code.launchpad.net/~jamesodhunt/snappy/bug-1412737/+merge/249976

 16:13 <jodh> - Wrote a "Snappy Image Tests" doc that documents the tests to run for

 16:13 <jodh> a promotion candiate:

 16:13 <jodh> https://docs.google.com/a/canonical.com/document/d/1R_Tw0N0QbEpjFeYf9XnVV8Gp8ldT2Ig0PO6MfR-kuSM/edit

 16:13 <jodh> - Investigated an issue raised on #snappy (bug 1423529) that uncovered a couple of

 16:13 <ubottu> bug 1423529 in snappy-ubuntu "writable partitions not fsck'd." [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1423529

 16:13 <jodh> initramfs bugs. Tested fix and awaiting comments:

 16:13 <jodh> https://code.launchpad.net/~jamesodhunt/ubuntu/vivid/initramfs-tools-ubuntu-core/bug-1423529

 16:13 <jodh> - Code reviews and MP prep.

 16:13 <jodh> - Promotion candidate testing.

 16:14 <jodh> * misc:

 16:14 <jodh> - perf review admin.

 16:14 <jodh> ⚽

 16:14 <barry> mvo: cool.  i'll take a look while my long friggin' tests are running :)

 16:14 <mvo> barry: hehe

 16:14 <bdmurray> investigation into errors oops regarding event greenlets

 16:14 <bdmurray> submitted RT to have staging version of gunicorn updated

 16:14 <bdmurray> tested backport of gunicorn to precise in canonistack (good)

 16:14 <bdmurray> tested gunicorn update on staging / production version of daisy and errors FEs (good)

 16:14 <bdmurray> review of Error Tracker OOPS reports, setup exception handling for LP not returning JSON

 16:14 <bdmurray> pinged webops regarding kicking retracers

 16:14 <bdmurray> foundations bug triage

 16:14 <bdmurray> submitted git pull request to upstream unattended-upgrades fixing LP: #1422345

 16:14 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1422345 in unattended-upgrades (Ubuntu) "stop being nice does not work" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1422345

 16:14 <bdmurray> uploaded unattended-upgrades fix for LP: #1422345 to T and U

 16:14 <bdmurray> uploaded update-manager fix for LP: #1421044

 16:14 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1421044 in update-manager (Ubuntu) "Too easy to accidentally restart computer when 'restart to complete update' box pop up" [High,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1421044

 16:14 <bdmurray> uploaded a fix for ubuntu-release-upgrade KDE frontend bug (LP: #1423279)

 16:14 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1423279 in One Hundred Papercuts "[vivid] [proposed] syntax error while upgrading" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1423279

 16:14 <bdmurray> SRU verification of whoopsie Utopic fix for LP: #1217407

 16:14 <mvo> bdmurray: \o/ for the unattended-upgrades fix!

 16:14 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1217407 in whoopsie (Ubuntu Utopic) "whoopsie spams the log with "online" messages" [Low,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1217407

 16:14 <bdmurray> SRU verification of apport Utopic fix for LP: #1084979

 16:14 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1084979 in apport (Ubuntu Utopic) "Submitting error report asks confounding questions" [Medium,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1084979

 16:14 <bdmurray> recreated and reported apport bug LP: #1423382

 16:14 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1423382 in apport (Ubuntu) "unable to use apport to report a bug from point release Live CDs" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1423382

 16:14 <bdmurray> pinged cyphermox regarding merge proposal for bug LP: #1325801

 16:14 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1325801 in Ubuntu CD Images "failed to boot from USB disk with error: gfxboot.c32: not a COM32R Image boot:" [Undecided,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1325801

 16:14 <bdmurray> performance review

 16:14 <bdmurray> short week due to Monday Holiday

 16:15 <bdmurray> ✔ done

 16:15 <infinity> Last week:

 16:15 <infinity> - Was at Linaro Connect all week, good sessions, good conversations

 16:15 <infinity> - Got a new ARMv8 board to play with, when I find some "spare" time

 16:15 <infinity> This week:

 16:15 <infinity> - Point release, point release, point release, point release!

 16:15 <infinity> - Some kernel SRU wrangling

 16:15 <infinity> - General SRU and AA reviews and maintenance

 16:15 <infinity> (done)

 16:15 <cyphermox> * partman-auto upload as per last week

 16:15 <cyphermox> * continued investigation on ppc64el bootloader installation issue.

 16:15 <cyphermox> * Patch pilot on Monday: grub-installer, live-build, resiprocate

 16:15 <cyphermox> * Fixed minor bug in network-manager-openconnect.

 16:15 <cyphermox> * Reviewed/looked into bug 1422924.

 16:15 <cyphermox> * Reviewed MP for usb-creator bug 1325801

 16:15 <ubottu> bug 1422924 in network-manager (Ubuntu) "Revert latest nm" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1422924

 16:15 <ubottu> bug 1325801 in Ubuntu CD Images "failed to boot from USB disk with error: gfxboot.c32: not a COM32R Image boot:" [Undecided,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1325801

 16:16 <cyphermox> * Discussed debian-installer arm64 changes with dannf.

 16:16 <cyphermox> * Looked into bug 1422864 in ubiquity with infinity.

 16:16 <cyphermox> * SRU for installation-guide, efibootmgr.

 16:16 <ubottu> bug 1422864 in ubiquity (Ubuntu Trusty) "14.04.2: UEFI: linux 3.13.0-45 downloaded during install" [Undecided,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1422864

 16:16 <cyphermox> * ubiquity: bug 1418105.

 16:16 <ubottu> bug 1418105 in ubiquity (Ubuntu) "Trusty: testing .2 the oem session on i386 leaves the oem wifi password in place" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1418105

 16:16 <cyphermox> * Reviewing mate-menu, mate-tweak for sponsoring.

 16:16 <cyphermox> (done)

 16:16 <barry> slangasek: ready?

 16:17 <barry> going once

 16:17 <slangasek> * short week due to holiday on Monday

 16:17 <slangasek> * very focused on snappy

 16:17 <slangasek> * image promotion in progress for this week

 16:17 <slangasek> * armhf device tarball generation has needed straightening out

 16:17 <slangasek> * reviewing branch for grub failover handling

 16:17 <slangasek> * looking at initramfs handling of partitions being mounted without fsck; looking to figure out how to do less in the initramfs

 16:17 <slangasek> * need to get nfs-utils systemdified today so we can make the switch to systemd by default

 16:17 <slangasek> * performance reviews!  If you haven't done your self-eval yet, do it yesterday!  If you haven't sent me your selections for 360 review, do that today!

 16:17 <slangasek> infinity: speaking of last-minute switching to systemd, are you sending the announcement about Feature Freeze?

 16:17 <slangasek> oh, and (done)

 16:18 <barry> thanks

 16:18 <infinity> slangasek: I'm delaying feature freeze until I get all the features in that I want!

 16:18 <cyphermox> nice plan

 16:18 <infinity> slangasek: (Yeah, I should send the email later tonight, after point release stuff is done)

 16:18 <barry> infinity: yay!  i can sneak a few in too then

 16:18 <robru> infinity: MOAR FEACHURES!

 16:18 <barry> #topic AOB

 16:18 <sil2100> hah

 16:18 <slangasek> infinity: ok, no hurry! ;)

 16:18 <sil2100> ;)

 16:19 <sil2100> slangasek: what about the standing FFe?

 16:19 <barry> does anybody have anything else fun or interesting to discuss?

 16:19 <sil2100> slangasek: did you have a moment to comment?

 16:19 <slangasek> sil2100: I'll follow up on that discussion

 16:19 <sil2100> Ok, thanks :)

 16:20 <slangasek> AOB> do the performance review stuff ;)

 16:20 <barry> slangasek: at least the site isn't as horribly painful this time around :)

 16:20 <barry> okay, let's me this short!

 16:20 <barry> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)