== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 06 Jul at 16:32 &mdash; 16:53 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2015/ubuntu-meeting.2015-07-06-16.32.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting 
=== Weekly stand-up report ===
The discussion about "Weekly stand-up report" started at 16:33.


=== Highlighted packages ===
The discussion about "Highlighted packages" started at 16:50.

  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/elinks.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/gallery2.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/pxz.html 

=== Miscellaneous and Questions ===
The discussion about "Miscellaneous and Questions" started at 16:50.

  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/s3ql.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/falconpl.html 



== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * tyhicks (26)
 * jdstrand (7)
 * mdeslaur (6)
 * chrisccoulson (6)
 * sbeattie (5)
 * jjohansen (5)
 * meetingology (3)
 * sarnold (2)
 * ubottu (1)



== Full Log ==


 16:32 <tyhicks> #startmeeting

 16:32 <meetingology> Meeting started Mon Jul  6 16:32:28 2015 UTC.  The chair is tyhicks. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:32 <meetingology> 

 16:32 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 16:32 <tyhicks> The meeting agenda can be found at:

 16:32 <tyhicks> [LINK] https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting

 16:32 <tyhicks> No announcements this week

 16:33 <tyhicks> [TOPIC] Weekly stand-up report

 16:33 <tyhicks> jdstrand: you're up

 16:33 <jdstrand> hi

 16:33 <jdstrand> so, today mostly I am catching up on email/irc from being on holiday

 16:34 <jdstrand> since a lot of what I do tends to be dictated on email/irc, it is hard to say exactly what I'll be working on this week

 16:34 <jdstrand> I know I am working on bug #1462489

 16:34 <ubottu> bug 1462489 in qtsystems-opensource-src (Ubuntu) "Allow apps to keep the screen on" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1462489

 16:35 <jdstrand> I also want to go through the trello board with tyhicks and try to make it up to date/prioritized/etc. that probably will involve pulling in members of the team here and there

 16:36 <jdstrand> beyond that, I'll pick something off the board as I have time

 16:36 <jdstrand> mdeslaur: you're up

 16:36 <mdeslaur> I'm on triage this week

 16:36 <mdeslaur> I just published cups-filters and php5 updates

 16:37 <mdeslaur> I'm currently working on the wily php5 merge

 16:37 <mdeslaur> after that I have a couple of embargoed updates to release this week

 16:37 <mdeslaur> and will be going down the list as time permits

 16:37 <mdeslaur> that's it from me, sbeattie, you're up

 16:37 <sbeattie> I'm in hte happy place this week

 16:37 <sbeattie> I'm still working on gcc-pie stuff

 16:37 <sbeattie> I have some more apparmor patches to review

 16:38 <sbeattie> The kernel team recently added some arm64 hardware to their testing mix, so I'm fixing up some issues with the kernel qart scripts.

 16:39 <sbeattie> that's it for me. tyhicks?

 16:39 <tyhicks> I'm on community this week

 16:39 <tyhicks> I have a couple embargoed issues to handle

 16:40 <tyhicks> I'm still pecking away at a bridge from UCT to Trello

 16:41 <tyhicks> and, hope to get back to AppArmor parser support for kernel keyring mediation

 16:41 <tyhicks> that's it for me

 16:41 <tyhicks> jjohansen: you're up

 16:41 <jjohansen> I will be working on finishing up my review of the dconf patches

 16:42 <jjohansen> and then I need to look into the overlayfs patches that are making their way upstream

 16:43 <jjohansen> I also have to revise my outstanding patches for apparmor 2.10, and see if we can't get a 2.10 release pushed out this week

 16:44 <jjohansen> I also have some mail catchup to do from being out last week

 16:44 <jjohansen> after that I will get back to the work to upstream the out of tree apparmor patches

 16:45 <tyhicks> sarnold: I think you're up

 16:46 <sarnold> I'm on bug triage this week; I'm also working on th eppc64-diag follow-on MIRs, will give a quick look at hallyn's new cpuset cgroup pam modules, and probably review some apparmor patches.

 16:46 <sarnold> chrisccoulson?

 16:46 <chrisccoulson> I'm expecting a thunderbird update this week (that didn't happen last week). I've also got a chromium update to get out

 16:47 <chrisccoulson> Firefox was released late last week, but I haven't pushed updates out yet because precise/x86 is just crashing withing seconds of starting up

 16:47 <chrisccoulson> So I'm trying to figure that out

 16:48 <chrisccoulson> I've nearly finished reviewing https://code.launchpad.net/~justinmcp/oxide/pepper-flash/+merge/234058 - hopefully will finish that before EOD

 16:48 <chrisccoulson> other than that, I'll be working through Oxide bugs as usual

 16:48 <chrisccoulson> that's me done

 16:50 <tyhicks> thanks

 16:50 <tyhicks> [TOPIC] Highlighted packages

 16:50 <tyhicks> The Ubuntu Security team will highlight some community-supported packages that might be good candidates for updating and or triaging. If you would like to help Ubuntu and not sure where to start, this is a great way to do so.

 16:50 <tyhicks> See https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/UpdateProcedures for details and if you have any questions, feel free to ask in #ubuntu-security. To find out other ways of helping out, please see https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/GettingInvolved.

 16:50 <tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/elinks.html

 16:50 <tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/gallery2.html

 16:50 <tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/pxz.html

 16:50 <tyhicks> [TOPIC] Miscellaneous and Questions

 16:50 <tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/s3ql.html

 16:50 <tyhicks> Does anyone have any other questions or items to discuss?

 16:50 <tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/falconpl.html

 16:53 <tyhicks> jdstrand, mdeslaur, sbeattie, jjohansen, sarnold, ChrisCoulson: Thanks!

 16:53 <tyhicks> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)