== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 24 Feb at 16:01 &mdash; 16:12 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2015/ubuntu-meeting.2015-02-24-16.01.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Review ACTION points from previous meeting ===
The discussion about "Review ACTION points from previous meeting" started at 16:01.


=== V Development ===
The discussion about "V Development" started at 16:02.

  * ''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/VividVervet/ReleaseSchedule 

=== Server & Cloud Bugs (caribou) ===
The discussion about "Server & Cloud Bugs (caribou)" started at 16:05.


=== Weekly Updates & Questions for the Kernel Team (smb, sforshee, arges) ===
The discussion about "Weekly Updates & Questions for the Kernel Team (smb, sforshee, arges)" started at 16:07.


=== Ubuntu Server Team Events ===
The discussion about "Ubuntu Server Team Events" started at 16:10.


=== Open Discussion ===
The discussion about "Open Discussion" started at 16:11.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * zul (27)
 * smoser (7)
 * gaughen (5)
 * smb (4)
 * jamespage (3)
 * beisner (3)
 * meetingology (3)
 * matsubara (2)
 * caribou (2)
 * rharper (2)
 * strikov (1)



== Full Log ==


 16:01 <zul> #startmeeting

 16:01 <meetingology> Meeting started Tue Feb 24 16:01:20 2015 UTC.  The chair is zul. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:01 <meetingology> 

 16:01 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 16:01 <zul> #topic Review ACTION points from previous meeting

 16:01 <matsubara> o/

 16:01 <zul> anything from the last meeting

 16:01 <gaughen> I think we closed the only open action item

 16:02 <zul> oh goody

 16:02 <rharper> \o

 16:02 <zul> #topic V Development

 16:02 <zul> smoser do you want to take this item?

 16:02 <smoser> sure

 16:02 <strikov> o/

 16:02 <beisner> o/

 16:02 <smoser> #link https://wiki.ubuntu.com/VividVervet/ReleaseSchedule

 16:03 <gaughen> final freeze is april 16

 16:03 <smoser> today is february 24th, so we are 2 days before beta.

 16:03 <smoser> so things should be shaping up.

 16:03 <smoser> i know i have work to do ... cloud-init has some shaping up still to do

 16:04 <smoser> but please just be aware of where we are in the cycle as you upload things.

 16:04 <smoser> thats it. moving on ?

 16:04 <gaughen> smoser, rbasak and I were talking about the component mismatches

 16:04 <gaughen> the list didn't seem too bad

 16:04 <gaughen> that's it

 16:05 <zul> thats it?

 16:05 <zul> anything else?

 16:05 <zul> #topic Server & Cloud Bugs (caribou)

 16:05 <zul> caribou: around?

 16:05 <caribou> zul: yep

 16:05 <caribou> and nothing particular this week

 16:06 <zul> ok cool any questions for caribou

 16:06 <zul> ok moving on

 16:06 <zul> #Weekly Updates & Questions for the QA Team (?)

 16:06 <zul> anyone from the qa team?

 16:07 <zul> beisner: ?

 16:07 <zul> #topic Weekly Updates & Questions for the Kernel Team (smb, sforshee, arges)

 16:07 <zul> smb hi

 16:07 <smb> Nothing in general. jamespage there is a kernel heading your way, though. :) And maybe repeating the notice of a 3.19 replacing 3.18 in vivid soon.

 16:07 <jamespage> smb, awesome

 16:07 <beisner> not update from me - matsubara, any update re: qa tests?

 16:08 <matsubara> nothing from me

 16:08 <jamespage> smb, oh the openvswitch backport that jsalisbury did looks ok btw

 16:08 <jamespage> finally hacked it into serverstack

 16:08 <smb> ok and good or bad?

 16:08 <smb> oh looks ok

 16:09 <smb> jamespage, thanks

 16:09 <zul> anything else for smb?

 16:10 <zul> #topic Ubuntu Server Team Events

 16:10 <zul> So there is ODS is may

 16:10 <zul> in the great no so white north of vancouver

 16:10 <zul> anything else?

 16:11 <zul> #topic Open Discussion

 16:11 <zul> so yeah

 16:11 <zul> since you are all so much awake

 16:12 * rharper blinks

 16:12 * beisner stretches

 16:12 <zul> if nothing else thanks for coming

 16:12 <zul> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)