== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting: ubuntu-server-team, 11 Aug at 16:08 &mdash; 16:50 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2015/ubuntu-meeting.2015-08-11-16.08.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Review ACTION points from previous meeting ===
The discussion about "Review ACTION points from previous meeting" started at 16:08.

  * ''ACTION:'' smoser to check with Odd_Bloke on status of high priority bug 1461242
  * ''ACTION:'' rharper investigate  bringing in a numad or scripts with numa balancing for hosts doing virt

=== Wily Development ===
The discussion about "Wily Development" started at 16:14.

  * ''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/WilyWerewolf/ReleaseSchedule 
  * ''LINK:'' https://goo.gl/tbvy0R 
  * ''LINK:'' https://goo.gl/tbvy0R 
  * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-w-tracking-bug-tasks.html#ubuntu-server 

=== Server & Cloud Bugs (caribou) ===
The discussion about "Server & Cloud Bugs (caribou)" started at 16:37.


=== Weekly Updates & Questions for the Kernel Team (smb, sforshee, arges) ===
The discussion about "Weekly Updates & Questions for the Kernel Team (smb, sforshee, arges)" started at 16:39.


=== Weekly Updates & Questions for the QA Team (matsubara) ===
The discussion about "Weekly Updates & Questions for the QA Team (matsubara)" started at 16:40.


=== Weekly Updates & Questions for the QA Team (matsubara) ===
The discussion about "Weekly Updates & Questions for the QA Team (matsubara)" started at 16:42.


=== Upcoming Call For Papers ===
The discussion about "Upcoming Call For Papers" started at 16:43.


=== Ubuntu Server Team Events ===
The discussion about "Ubuntu Server Team Events" started at 16:44.

  * ''LINK:'' http://events.linuxfoundation.org/events/linuxcon-north-america 

=== Open Discussion ===
The discussion about "Open Discussion" started at 16:48.


=== Announce next meeting date, time and chair ===
The discussion about "Announce next meeting date, time and chair" started at 16:48.




== Vote results ==




== Action items, by person ==

 * rharper
  * rharper investigate  bringing in a numad or scripts with numa balancing for hosts doing virt
 * smoser
  * smoser to check with Odd_Bloke on status of high priority bug 1461242



== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * arosales (45)
 * rbasak (43)
 * rharper (11)
 * ubottu (9)
 * meetingology (5)
 * smb (4)
 * smoser (2)
 * magicalChicken (2)
 * matsubara (2)



== Full Log ==


 16:08 <arosales> #startmeeting ubuntu-server-team

 16:08 <meetingology> Meeting started Tue Aug 11 16:08:00 2015 UTC.  The chair is arosales. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:08 <meetingology> 

 16:08 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 16:08 <arosales> #topic Review ACTION points from previous meeting

 16:09 <arosales> smoser to check with Odd_Bloke on status of high priority bug 1461242

 16:09 <ubottu> bug 1461242 in cloud-init (Ubuntu Vivid) "cloud-init does not generate ed25519 keys" [Medium,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1461242

 16:09 * arosales checks bug

 16:10 <arosales> I don't see a recent comment in the bug thus I will carry that action over

 16:10 <arosales> #action smoser to check with Odd_Bloke on status of high priority bug 1461242

 16:10 * meetingology smoser to check with Odd_Bloke on status of high priority bug 1461242

 16:10 <smoser> well, that is fix-released in wily

 16:10 <arosales> smoser, so you are good with that one?

 16:10 <arosales> given its fixed released :-)

 16:10 <arosales> next action item

 16:10 <arosales> Thoughts about numad

 16:11 <arosales> no owner

 16:11 <arosales> anyone have any thoughts on numad? Not sure what the action here is

 16:11 <arosales> hmm . . .  doesn't seem so

 16:12 <rharper> arosales: with more context I can have info

 16:12 <arosales> I won't carry that one over as I don't know what action is needed there

 16:12 <rharper> I knew we've discussed bringing in a numad or scripts with numa balancing for hosts doing virt in the past, hallyn and I

 16:12 <arosales> rharper, I agree not a lot of context, perhaps sync up with smoser on the context there.

 16:12 <smb> arosales, I think it was intended as a hint to think about it generally

 16:13 <arosales> all the info I have is what is @ https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ServerTeam/Meeting

 16:13 <smb> Like libvirt would ask for it to make automatic numa aware placement of memory/vcpus on numa hosts

 16:13 <rharper> arosales: I'll take an action to follow up with the team

 16:14 <arosales> #action rharper investigate  bringing in a numad or scripts with numa balancing for hosts doing virt

 16:14 * meetingology rharper investigate  bringing in a numad or scripts with numa balancing for hosts doing virt

 16:14 <arosales> rharper, thanks

 16:14 <rharper> np

 16:14 <arosales> #topic Wily Development

 16:14 <rbasak> o/

 16:14 <arosales> #link https://wiki.ubuntu.com/WilyWerewolf/ReleaseSchedule

 16:14 <rbasak> So I have a pretty lengthy item here.

 16:14 <rharper> smb: feel free to mail me with any questions/requests w.r.t numad stuff and I'll collect and respond

 16:14 <rbasak> In short, my team at Canonical are going to take on a bunch of bugs, so I'd like to use this meeting to assign them.

 16:15 <smb> rharper, ack

 16:15 <rbasak> magicalChicken, rharper, kickinz1, jgrimm and smoser should all have bug assignments from my queue I think.

 16:15 <rbasak> Anybody else? rcj maybe?

 16:16 <rharper> rbasak: are these new assignments or ones we picked up last week ?

 16:16 <rbasak> I'd like to assign each person multiple bugs as it's likely that one or other bug will have an issue that will block you.

 16:16 <rbasak> rharper: so I'd like to add additional assignments, but without the expectation that you'll do all of them in a week - just to keep things going in the pipeline.

 16:17 <rbasak> Does that sound OK?

 16:17 <rharper> rbasak: sounds good

 16:17 <rbasak> I have shortlisted from my backlog the following bugs (tagged server-next for the purposes of this meeting - I'll untag when assigned): https://bugs.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-server/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-importance&field.status%3Alist=NEW&field.status%3Alist=CONFIRMED&field.status%3Alist=TRIAGED&field.status%3Alist=INPROGRESS&field.status%3Alist=FIXCOMMITTED&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RES

 16:17 <rbasak> PONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&assignee_option=any&field.assignee=&field.bug_reporter=&field.bug_commenter=&field.subscriber=&field.structural_subscriber=&field.tag=server-next&field.tags_combinator=ANY&field.status_upstream-empty-marker=1&field.has_cve.used=&field.omit_dupes.used=&field.omit_dupes=on&field.affects_me.used=&field.has_patch.used=&field.has_branches.used=&field.

 16:17 <rbasak> has_branches=on&field.has_no_branches.used=&field.has_no_branches=on&field.has_blueprints.used=&field.has_blueprints=on&field.has_no_blueprints.used=&field.has_no_blueprints=on&search=Search

 16:17 <rbasak> Hmm

 16:17 <rbasak> Need a link shortener I thnk.

 16:17 <rbasak> https://goo.gl/tbvy0R

 16:18 <rbasak> ipmi_si is for the kernel section of the meeting

 16:18 <rbasak> Can we assign the others please?

 16:18 <rbasak> They should all be relatively straightforward - I've picked them so we can ramp everyone up easily and get some momentum going.

 16:18 <arosales> #link https://goo.gl/tbvy0R

 16:19 <rbasak> Does anyone want anything specific from that list, or shall I just assign them?

 16:19 <rharper> rbasak: I suggest just assigning and the team can swap

 16:20 <rbasak> OK

 16:20 <rbasak> magicalChicken: I'll give you bug 1394403

 16:20 <ubottu> bug 1394403 in apache2 (Ubuntu Trusty) "RewriteRule of "^$" is broken" [Medium,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1394403

 16:20 <magicalChicken> rbasak: Okay, cool

 16:21 <rbasak> magicalChicken: not sure which LP id to use. Please could you assign yourself?

 16:21 <magicalChicken> rbasak: okay, sure

 16:22 <rbasak> rharper: I'll give you bug 1457957

 16:22 <ubottu> bug 1457957 in puppet (Ubuntu Vivid) "puppet uses upstart for service status checks in vivid" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1457957

 16:22 <rharper> rbasak: OK

 16:22 <rbasak> smoser: bug 1483093. Not sure if this is valid or not, needs investigation. Should be trivial either way.

 16:22 <ubottu> bug 1483093 in squid-deb-proxy (Ubuntu) ".archive.ubuntu.com is non inclusive" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1483093

 16:22 <rbasak> Actually, on second thought.

 16:22 <rbasak> Maybe kickinz1?

 16:24 <rbasak> smoser: I'll give you bug 1481337 instead.

 16:24 <ubottu> bug 1481337 in keepalived (Ubuntu Wily) "keepalived makes a floating IP available on more than one host after configuration reload" [Undecided,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1481337

 16:25 <rbasak> There are two PHP ones which might be fixable in a combined SRU

 16:25 <rbasak> bug 1474276 and bug 1481289

 16:25 <ubottu> bug 1474276 in php5 (Ubuntu Trusty) "PHP Fatal error: Inconsistent insteadof definition" [Medium,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1474276

 16:25 <ubottu> bug 1481289 in php5 (Ubuntu) "PHP 5.5.9 Default socket timeout being not honoured by application" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1481289

 16:25 <rbasak> So might as well give them to the same person

 16:26 <rbasak> rharper: can I give them to you for your backlog? No expectation to do more than one of them this week.

 16:26 <rharper> rbasak: sure

 16:26 <smoser> rbasak, ack

 16:27 <rbasak> OK, that's everything I had picked for this meeting assigned.

 16:27 <rbasak> What I'd like to see is progress on each one bug from everyone by the next IRC meeting please. If you don't find the time, then we can consult with jgrimm (Canonical server team manager) to adjust work allocations.

 16:28 <rbasak> So if you haven't commented progress in the bug by the next meeting I'll ask for progress in the next meeting itself.

 16:28 <rbasak> Please feel free to ping me if you need any help driving your bugs forward.

 16:28 <rbasak> That's all from me - thanks.

 16:28 <rbasak> Any questions?

 16:29 <rharper> sounds good

 16:29 <rbasak> Great!

 16:29 <rbasak> arosales: thanks, please continue.

 16:31 <arosales> reminder feature freeze is Aug 20.

 16:31 <arosales> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-w-tracking-bug-tasks.html#ubuntu-server

 16:31 <arosales> do we need to cover this section?

 16:31 <arosales> rbasak, ?

 16:33 <rbasak> I'm not sure.

 16:33 <rbasak> They haven't been on my radar for attention

 16:34 <arosales> ok, any other bugs we should discuss @ #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-w-tracking-bug-tasks.html#ubuntu-server

 16:34 <rbasak> I don't see anything there that I think requires discussion.

 16:37 <arosales> going onto the next subject

 16:37 <arosales> #topic Server & Cloud Bugs (caribou)

 16:37 <arosales> any topics caribou

 16:37 <arosales> . . .

 16:39 <arosales> #topic Weekly Updates & Questions for the Kernel Team (smb, sforshee, arges)

 16:39 <smb> The ipmi_si bug rbasak mentioned is in progress. Test kernel verified, need to finish the sru steps. Apart from that I think there is nothing to report.

 16:39 <rbasak> Thank you for taking care of that bug smb

 16:39 <rbasak> (it's bug 1483214 for anyone interested)

 16:39 <ubottu> bug 1483214 in linux (Ubuntu Vivid) "ipmi_si module spams kernel log with "ipmi_si 00:05: Could not set the global enables: 0xcc."" [Medium,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1483214

 16:40 <arosales> #topic Weekly Updates & Questions for the QA Team (matsubara)

 16:40 <matsubara> nothing new to report arosales

 16:41 <matsubara> arosales, actually I have a SRU to verify (bug 1336742) but that's all.

 16:41 <ubottu> bug 1336742 in squid3 (Ubuntu Trusty) "Caching responses with "Vary" header" [Medium,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1336742

 16:42 <arosales> #topic Weekly Updates & Questions for the QA Team (matsubara)

 16:43 <arosales> thanks for covering that topic, sorry I missed you

 16:43 <arosales> #topic Upcoming Call For Papers

 16:44 <arosales> any CFPs?

 16:44 <arosales> #topic Ubuntu Server Team Events

 16:44 <arosales> LinuxCon coming up

 16:45 <arosales> http://events.linuxfoundation.org/events/linuxcon-north-america

 16:48 <arosales> ...

 16:48 <arosales> #topic Open Discussion

 16:48 <arosales> Any other topics

 16:48 <arosales> #topic Announce next meeting date, time and chair

 16:50 <arosales> NEXT MEETING: Tuesday 2015-08-18 at 1600 UTC - #ubuntu-meeting

 16:50 <arosales> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)