== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting: DMB 2015-10-26, 26 Oct at 15:31 &mdash; 16:14 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2015/ubuntu-meeting.2015-10-26-15.31.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Review of the previous action items ===
The discussion about "Review of the previous action items" started at 15:31.

 * '''Granting membership for PPU/packageset uploaders by default''' (15:32)
  * ''Vote:'' Should uploaders be granted Ubuntu membership by default (Denied)
  * ''REJECTED:''   (cyphermox, 16:05)
  * ''ACTION:'' cyphermox to update wiki for refinement of Laney's proposition

=== AOB? ===
The discussion about "AOB?" started at 16:11.


=== Chair selection for the next meeting ===
The discussion about "Chair selection for the next meeting" started at 16:13.

  * ''ACTION:'' micahg to chair next meeting
  * ''ACTION:'' micahg to send doodle poll for meeting times



== Vote results ==

 * [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2015/ubuntu-meeting.2015-10-26-15.31.log.html#55 Should uploaders be granted Ubuntu membership by default]]
  * Motion denied (For/Against/Abstained 0/1/1)
   *  Voters cyphermox, micahg



== Action items, by person ==

 * cyphermox
  * cyphermox to update wiki for refinement of Laney's proposition
 * micahg
  * micahg to chair next meeting
  * micahg to send doodle poll for meeting times



== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * cyphermox (51)
 * micahg (27)
 * bdmurray (19)
 * meetingology (15)
 * xnox (8)



== Full Log ==


 15:31 <cyphermox> #startmeeting DMB 2015-10-26

 15:31 <meetingology> Meeting started Mon Oct 26 15:31:05 2015 UTC.  The chair is cyphermox. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 15:31 <meetingology> 

 15:31 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 15:31 <cyphermox> #voters micahg cyphermox xnox bdmurray

 15:31 <meetingology> Current voters: bdmurray cyphermox micahg xnox

 15:31 <cyphermox> #votesrequired 4

 15:31 <meetingology> votes now need 4 to be passed

 15:31 <cyphermox> #topic Review of the previous action items

 15:32 <cyphermox> Laney isn't around, so we'll just skip to the main topic, I guess

 15:32 <cyphermox> #subtopic Granting membership for PPU/packageset uploaders by default

 15:32 <xnox> +1

 15:32 <cyphermox> do we want to discuss this before we vote?

 15:32 <micahg> so, my position is that some should have membership and some shouldn't

 15:33 <cyphermox> This is about the default process for PPU/packageset uploaders, whether they should ask to have membership too when they apply for upload rights

 15:33 <micahg> PPU doesn't, flavor packagesets should, other packagesets were not decided from what I remember

 15:33 <xnox> micahg: the question, whether it's opt-in, or opt-out.

 15:34 <micahg> right, so, it's a mix

 15:34 <cyphermox> why shouldn't PPU? and under which conditions do you feel packagesets might or might not?

 15:34 <micahg> so, the whole goal was to lower the bar for PPU so that more people can apply when they have the technical skills, but not the significant and sustained part

 15:35 <cyphermox> fair enough

 15:35 <cyphermox> still though, doesn't the significant and sustained part get implicitly verified in the way that we account for whether they have the technical skills?

 15:35 <micahg> so, ,if we're doing that, I would think it should be like any other membership where the applicant needs to apply for it

 15:36 <micahg> it could

 15:36 <cyphermox> ok

 15:36 <xnox> well.

 15:36 <xnox> if one wants upload rights apply for PPU for a package and/or packagest.

 15:36 <cyphermox> I feel it might be a little counterproductive to get them to ask for it, etc when they go for upload rights -- if we're to do that, we might as well have them apply to the RMB simply

 15:37 <xnox> if one wants membership apply for contributing member, MOTU, or core.

 15:37 <xnox> cyphermox: we have developer path to membership only - contributing developer.

 15:37 <micahg> I think it should be made abundantly clear to applicants that if they're just going for PPU or a packageset where there isn't a requirement for significant & sustained contribution that they have the option to apply to dev membership as well if they feel they've fulfilled the significant and sustained piece as well

 15:37 <cyphermox> oh, true

 15:38 <cyphermox> so, should we vote then?

 15:38 <micahg> it's basically was it 1 upload every 6 months or something a bit more significant

 15:38 <cyphermox> fwiw, Laney's vote was +1, but he didn't take part of the discussion here now

 15:39 <micahg> but as xnox said, the DMB is still the best place to grant that membership

 15:39 <micahg> * evaluate and grant

 15:42 <micahg> my problem with opt-out is that it increases the risk we'll reject applicants, if it's opt-in, worst case is they have to come back in 2 weeks

 15:43 <bdmurray> How does that work?

 15:44 <bdmurray> "> Individuals, when they apply to the DMB for packageset or PPU rights,

 15:44 <bdmurray> > will be considered separately for their upload access and for Ubuntu

 15:44 <bdmurray> > membership (the latter being optional, and usually not explicitly

 15:44 <bdmurray> > requested)."

 15:45 <cyphermox> should we make it explicitly clear with the applicant then whether they expect to be considered for membership at the meeting?

 15:47 <bdmurray> No, "we didn't expect people to have to say they want membership too"

 15:47 <micahg> that was not my understanding

 15:47 <cyphermox> no, we didn't expect, but we can ask

 15:47 <micahg> I thought for the PPU/packagesets where it wasn't coupled, they would have to ask explicitly

 15:48 <bdmurray> Okay, and the way I read Laney's email is that we will asume they want to be considered for membership.

 15:49 <micahg> right, that seems to be his position

 15:49 <cyphermox> that's the way I read it too

 15:50 <bdmurray> But the two things aren't coupled together.

 15:50 <micahg> well, for some they were (flavor & kernel packagesets, MOTU/core-dev)

 15:53 <cyphermox> so, voting?

 15:54 <cyphermox> #vote Should uploaders be granted Ubuntu membership by default

 15:54 <meetingology> Please vote on: Should uploaders be granted Ubuntu membership by default

 15:54 <meetingology> Public votes can be registered by saying +1, +0 or -1 in channel, (for private voting, private message me with 'vote +1/-1/+0 #channelname)

 15:54 <micahg> -1

 15:54 <meetingology> -1 received from micahg

 15:54 <micahg> wait

 15:54 <micahg> that should be a little more narrow, no?

 15:54 <micahg> Should PPU/certain packagesets be granted Ubuntu membership by default?

 15:55 <cyphermox> no, we should reject Laney's proposition explicitly, I think

 15:55 <micahg> ok

 15:55 <cyphermox> or I can close the voting, reject, and we reconvene and further specify it?

 15:56 <cyphermox> I'm +0, btw, because it should be more specific; this depends on packagesets/packages

 15:56 <bdmurray> Are we saying the vote subject is about what is in the iki page?

 15:56 <micahg> you're right, we should vote on what was proposed since the proponent isn't here

 15:56 <micahg> we can then vote on follow up pieces if we want

 15:57 <cyphermox> bdmurray: the vote subject probably should be the specific thing Laney added as a topic?

 15:57 <bdmurray> the email he links to says "it's about whether we

 15:57 <bdmurray> should give these applicants membership implicitly and only use our

 15:57 <bdmurray> right to not give membership when it is needed."

 15:57 <cyphermox> it's super unclear, that's the problem

 15:58 <bdmurray> alright

 15:58 <cyphermox> it's a case-by-case basis and we're trying to codify that

 15:58 <cyphermox> +0

 15:58 <meetingology> +0 received from cyphermox

 15:58 <cyphermox> xnox: ?

 15:58 <bdmurray> I feel like this has been outstanding for quite some time.

 15:58 <cyphermox> bdmurray: yes

 15:59 <cyphermox> bdmurray: I'm not against voting on the specific cases now

 15:59 <cyphermox> or if everyone agrees that Laney meant what we were saying before

 15:59 <cyphermox> (basically, that we give it by default, unless we have a reason not to (ie. not sustained)

 15:59 <bdmurray> I don't want to make that assumption.

 16:00 * bdmurray spoke too soon

 16:00 <cyphermox> bdmurray: I understand what you mean

 16:02 <cyphermox> xnox: bdmurray: are you voting or do you think we should refine it first?

 16:04 <xnox> i'm for: contributing, motu, core -> implies membership. the rest do not.

 16:05 <cyphermox> xnox: that's a strong -1 then, and PPU/packageset requesters should apply for contributing explicitly?

 16:05 <xnox> yeah.

 16:05 <bdmurray> I guess it needs some refining.

 16:05 <cyphermox> ok, let's see if we can convey this properly in the logs

 16:05 <cyphermox> #endvote

 16:05 <meetingology> Voting ended on: Should uploaders be granted Ubuntu membership by default

 16:05 <meetingology> Votes for:0 Votes against:1 Abstentions:1

 16:05 <meetingology> Motion denied

 16:05 <cyphermox> #rejected

 16:06 <cyphermox> should we refine this now? have we already done so and vote on a different, more specific topic?

 16:09 <bdmurray> I think Laney should be involved in the refinement.

 16:11 <cyphermox> ok, then

 16:11 <cyphermox> #action cyphermox to update wiki for refinement of Laney's proposition

 16:11 * meetingology cyphermox to update wiki for refinement of Laney's proposition

 16:11 <cyphermox> #topic AOB?

 16:12 <cyphermox> anyone has something else to discuss today?

 16:13 <bdmurray> nope

 16:13 <cyphermox> ok

 16:13 <cyphermox> #topic Chair selection for the next meeting

 16:13 <cyphermox> micahg: your turn according to the wiki list

 16:13 <cyphermox> unless you know you won't be there

 16:13 <micahg> ok :)

 16:14 <micahg> no, I should be there

 16:14 <cyphermox> #action micahg to chair next meeting

 16:14 * meetingology micahg to chair next meeting

 16:14 <micahg> which reminds me, I need to send the doodle poll for meeting times

 16:14 <micahg> might as well action that..

 16:14 <cyphermox> #action micahg to send doodle poll for meeting times

 16:14 * meetingology micahg to send doodle poll for meeting times

 16:14 <micahg> thanks :)

 16:14 <cyphermox> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)