== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 15 Sep at 16:02 &mdash; 16:21 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2015/ubuntu-meeting.2015-09-15-16.02.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Review ACTION points from previous meeting ===
The discussion about "Review ACTION points from previous meeting" started at 16:02.


=== Wily Development ===
The discussion about "Wily Development" started at 16:03.

  * ''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/WilyWerewolf/ReleaseSchedule 

=== Assigned bugwork (rbasak) ===
The discussion about "Assigned bugwork (rbasak)" started at 16:05.


=== Server & Cloud Bugs (caribou) ===
The discussion about "Server & Cloud Bugs (caribou)" started at 16:13.


=== Weekly Updates & Questions for the QA Team (matsubara) ===
The discussion about "Weekly Updates & Questions for the QA Team (matsubara)" started at 16:14.


=== : Weekly Updates & Questions for the Kernel Team (smb, sforshee, arges) ===
The discussion about ": Weekly Updates & Questions for the Kernel Team (smb, sforshee, arges)" started at 16:15.


=== Upcoming Call For Papers ===
The discussion about "Upcoming Call For Papers" started at 16:16.


=== Ubuntu Server Team Events ===
The discussion about "Ubuntu Server Team Events" started at 16:18.


=== open discussion ===
The discussion about "open discussion" started at 16:20.


=== : Announce next meeting date, time and chair ===
The discussion about ": Announce next meeting date, time and chair" started at 16:21.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * zul (32)
 * rbasak (19)
 * smoser (11)
 * hallyn (5)
 * ubottu (5)
 * caribou (5)
 * jgrimm (4)
 * smb (3)
 * meetingology (3)
 * kickinz1 (3)
 * matsubara (2)
 * rharper (2)
 * stgraber (1)
 * arges (1)



== Full Log ==


 16:02 <zul> #startmeeting

 16:02 <meetingology> Meeting started Tue Sep 15 16:02:23 2015 UTC.  The chair is zul. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:02 <meetingology> 

 16:02 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 16:02 <zul> #topic Review ACTION points from previous meeting

 16:02 <smb> o/

 16:02 <zul> rharper: numad

 16:03 <arges> i uploaded it

 16:03 <zul> ok cool

 16:03 <zul> #topic Wily Development

 16:03 <zul> smoser do you want to take this?

 16:03 <matsubara> o/

 16:03 <smoser> sure

 16:03 <smoser> https://wiki.ubuntu.com/WilyWerewolf/ReleaseSchedule

 16:04 <smoser> its september for those of you who haven't noticed.

 16:04 <smoser> and the 17th is DocumentationStringFreeze. and the 24th is 'Final Beta Freeze'

 16:04 <smoser> so... please be aware of that.

 16:05 <zul> anything else?

 16:05 <smoser> so if you have wily items on your plate, please consider them quite important.

 16:05 <smoser> that is all

 16:05 <zul> any questons?

 16:05 <zul> ...

 16:05 <zul> #topic Assigned bugwork (rbasak)

 16:05 <zul> hi rbasak

 16:05 <rbasak> o/

 16:05 <rbasak> rharper, kickinz1, jgrimm: how are your existing assigned bugs progressing, please? Are you blocked on anything apart from time?

 16:06 <rbasak> smoser: thanks for clearing bug 1481337. Are you OK to take more assignments?

 16:06 <ubottu> bug 1481337 in keepalived (Ubuntu Vivid) "keepalived makes a floating IP available on more than one host after configuration reload" [Low,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1481337

 16:06 <rbasak> hallyn, stgraber and caribou: I've been asked to add you to my list if that's OK with you?

 16:06 <rharper> rbasak: no blockers; just time

 16:06 <jgrimm> rbasak, time is it.  ldap one i still want.   the other one i need to handoff

 16:06 <rbasak> rharper: OK, thanks.

 16:06 <caribou> rbasak: fine with me

 16:06 <kickinz1> need to speak with you about docker.

 16:06 <rbasak> jgrimm: that's fine. Let's unassign you.

 16:07 <jgrimm> rbasak, thank you.

 16:07 <rbasak> jgrimm: bug 1488453 I take it?

 16:07 <ubottu> bug 1488453 in openhpi (Ubuntu) "Package postinst always fail on first install when using systemd" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1488453

 16:07 <jgrimm> rbasak, y

 16:07 <smoser> rbasak, sure. please sign me up

 16:08 * rbasak juggles bugs

 16:08 <rbasak> caribou, can I give you bug 1494141 and bug 1434684 please?

 16:08 <ubottu> bug 1494141 in haproxy (Ubuntu) "HAProxy 1.5 init script does not terminate processes" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1494141

 16:08 <ubottu> bug 1434684 in corosync (Ubuntu) "Pacemaker is not started and stopped automatically with Corosync" [Undecided,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1434684

 16:09 <caribou> rbasak: sure

 16:09 <rbasak> caribou: no major rush - an average of one a week is fine; I just try and assign multiple bugs to avoid people having nothing to do if blocked.

 16:09 <rbasak> Thanks

 16:09 <rbasak> kickinz1: ack about docker, though I'm treating that separate from this topic of bug assignments

 16:10 <rbasak> rharper: I think you're good with the bugs you have for now?

 16:10 <kickinz1> rbasak, no blocker then, except time.

 16:10 <stgraber> rbasak: sorry, in another meeting. Sure, you can assign me stuff but no promises as to when I'll get to them, I already have about 40 or so bugs assigned to me right now (excluding lxc/lxd upstream stuff) :)

 16:10 <rharper> rbasak: ack

 16:11 <rbasak> I have some easier bugs lined up, but I want to keep them away from stgraber, hallyn, smoser or other core devs so we can ramp the others up :)

 16:11 <rbasak> I think I only have core devs left unassigned for now. I don't have a list of suitable bugs for you right now, so let's not hold the meeting up. I'll get back to you.

 16:11 <rbasak> Thanks all.

 16:12 <kickinz1> thanks Robie

 16:12 <rbasak> Oh, bug 1488453 is fairly important.

 16:12 <ubottu> bug 1488453 in openhpi (Ubuntu) "Package postinst always fail on first install when using systemd" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1488453

 16:12 <rbasak> smoser: mind grabbing that one please?

 16:12 <smoser> sure

 16:12 <rbasak> Thanks. OK, I'm done.

 16:12 <jgrimm> thanks rbasak

 16:12 <zul> cool anything else?

 16:13 <zul> ...

 16:13 <zul> #topic Server & Cloud Bugs (caribou)

 16:13 <zul> hi caribou

 16:13 <caribou> Just uploaded a fix for makedumpfile to avoid the "unsupported kernel" msg for trusty

 16:13 <caribou> awaiting SRU

 16:13 <caribou> other than that I'm good

 16:13 <zul> cool any questions for caribou?

 16:14 <zul> #topic Weekly Updates & Questions for the QA Team (matsubara)

 16:14 <zul> hi matsubara

 16:14 <matsubara> hi zul, nothing new to report. Any questions?

 16:14 <zul> ...

 16:15 <zul> #topic: Weekly Updates & Questions for the Kernel Team (smb, sforshee, arges)

 16:15 <smb> Nothing to report about kernel I believe. Oh maybe... sforshee reported there had been nested container issues he and hallyn are/were looking at. Otherwise I, for known reasons, would need a few slices of rbasak time.

 16:15 <zul> cool anything for smb?

 16:15 <hallyn> smb: i think nested containers are working again.  well as they can

 16:15 <hallyn> new kernel bogosity required undesirable workarounds, but...

 16:16 <zul> anything else?

 16:16 <smb> hallyn, ok, I guess that sounds... good

 16:16 <hallyn> :)

 16:16 <zul> #topic Upcoming Call For Papers

 16:17 <zul> uh...not sure about this one

 16:18 <zul> #topic Ubuntu Server Team Events

 16:18 <zul> uos is coming up and ods is coming up as well

 16:19 <hallyn> as i said last time, might be worth a uos session on cgroup boot-time setup

 16:20 <zul> coolio

 16:20 <smoser> hallyn, +1

 16:20 <zul> #topic open discussion

 16:20 <smoser> that'd be nice.

 16:20 <hallyn> smoser: cool, i intend to raise the topic when call for blueprints comes up

 16:21 <zul> neat

 16:21 <zul> #topic: Announce next meeting date, time and chair

 16:21 <zul> next week same time

 16:21 <zul> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)