== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting: ubuntu-server-team, 24 Mar at 16:00 &mdash; 16:16 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2015/ubuntu-meeting.2015-03-24-16.00.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Review ACTION points from previous meeting ===
The discussion about "Review ACTION points from previous meeting" started at 16:00.


=== Vivid Development ===
The discussion about "Vivid Development" started at 16:06.

  * ''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/VividVervet/ReleaseSchedule 
 * '''Release Bugs''' (16:06)
  * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-v-tracking-bug-tasks.html#ubuntu-server 
 * '''Blueprints''' (16:08)
  * ''LINK:'' http://status.ubuntu.com/ubuntu-v/group/topic-v-server.html 
  * ''LINK:'' https://blueprints.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+spec/topic-v-server 

=== Weekly Updates & Questions for the QA Team (matsubara) ===
The discussion about "Weekly Updates & Questions for the QA Team (matsubara)" started at 16:09.

  * ''LINK:'' https://jenkins.qa.ubuntu.com/job/vivid-server-amd64-smoke-dns-server/113/console 

=== Weekly Updates & Questions for the Kernel Team (smb, sforshee, arges) ===
The discussion about "Weekly Updates & Questions for the Kernel Team (smb, sforshee, arges)" started at 16:12.


=== Ubuntu Server Team Events ===
The discussion about "Ubuntu Server Team Events" started at 16:14.


=== Open Discussion ===
The discussion about "Open Discussion" started at 16:14.


=== Announce next meeting date and time ===
The discussion about "Announce next meeting date and time" started at 16:15.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * rbasak (40)
 * matsubara (11)
 * ubottu (6)
 * hallyn (6)
 * meetingology (3)
 * jamespage (2)
 * gnuoy (2)
 * strikov (1)
 * smb (1)
 * gaughen (1)
 * dannf (1)
 * zul (1)



== Full Log ==


 16:00 <rbasak> #startmeeting ubuntu-server-team

 16:00 <meetingology> Meeting started Tue Mar 24 16:00:06 2015 UTC.  The chair is rbasak. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:00 <meetingology> 

 16:00 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 16:00 <rbasak> #topic Review ACTION points from previous meeting

 16:00 <rbasak> everyone look at server guide and look for areas which need updating

 16:00 <gaughen> 0/

 16:00 <strikov> 0/

 16:01 <rbasak> I'm not sure what further action to take here, apart from reminding everyone to do this.

 16:01 <rbasak> hallyn to talk with dannf about bug 1427406

 16:01 <ubottu> bug 1427406 in mysql-5.6 (Ubuntu Vivid) "data corruption on arm64" [Critical,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1427406

 16:01 <gnuoy> o/

 16:01 <rbasak> This one has been assigned to me, but I don't really have any action to take unless someone can present a patch.

 16:01 <zul> hi

 16:02 <rbasak> If it's MySQL upstream related, then trying ryeng on #debian-mysql on OFTC may be helpful.

 16:02 <hallyn> dannf: says he can look at it in a few days (i believe)

 16:02 <hallyn> otherwise i can try to look deeper next week.  but i'm really out o fmy element there

 16:02 <dannf> hallyn, rbasak - yes, which will likely start with me asking upstream

 16:02 <rbasak> OK. I'll unassign for now.

 16:03 <rbasak> hallyn to look at bug 1432715

 16:03 <ubottu> bug 1432715 in tomcat7 (Ubuntu Vivid) "tomcat7 ftbfs in vivd (test failures)" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1432715

 16:03 <hallyn> it's present in debian as well

 16:04 <hallyn> the debian bug hopes to post a fix over the weekend

 16:04 <gnuoy> o/

 16:04 <hallyn> (of course that was last weekend)

 16:05 <rbasak> hallyn to update QA Team section assignee to matsubara

 16:05 <hallyn> done

 16:05 <rbasak> matsubara to file a bug for libpam-systemd's dependency problem

 16:05 <jamespage> o/

 16:05 <jamespage> late as usual - sorry

 16:05 <matsubara> rbasak, I filed bug 1433190 but that's been invalidated

 16:05 <ubottu> bug 1433190 in systemd (Ubuntu) "Vivid server smoke tests failing due to unmet dependency in libpam-systemd" [Undecided,Invalid] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1433190

 16:06 <matsubara> rbasak, and the smoke tests are not failing anymore with that error

 16:06 <rbasak> matsubara: OK, it should be safe to leave it then? Thanks.

 16:06 <matsubara> they are failing for other reasons now which I'll raise in the QA section

 16:06 <matsubara> yep, I think so

 16:06 <rbasak> OK

 16:06 <rbasak> #topic Vivid Development

 16:06 <rbasak> #link https://wiki.ubuntu.com/VividVervet/ReleaseSchedule

 16:06 <rbasak> #subtopic Release Bugs

 16:06 <rbasak> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-v-tracking-bug-tasks.html#ubuntu-server

 16:07 <rbasak> Anything in that list that needs discussion?

 16:08 <rbasak> #subtopic Blueprints

 16:08 <rbasak> #link http://status.ubuntu.com/ubuntu-v/group/topic-v-server.html

 16:08 <rbasak> #link https://blueprints.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+spec/topic-v-server

 16:08 <rbasak> Any blueprints that need discussion?

 16:09 <rbasak> caribou is out this week, so we'll skip the Server and Cloud Bugs topic unless anyone else wants to step up?

 16:09 <rbasak> #topic Weekly Updates & Questions for the QA Team (matsubara)

 16:09 <matsubara> rbasak, some smoke tests are failing due to a UTAH time out

 16:10 <matsubara> for example http://d-jenkins.ubuntu-ci:8080/job/vivid-server-amd64-smoke-dns-server/113/console

 16:10 <matsubara> in general the test pass, so I think this is due to failure to reach the archive (scroll up in that console log)

 16:10 <rbasak> #link https://jenkins.qa.ubuntu.com/job/vivid-server-amd64-smoke-dns-server/113/console

 16:11 <matsubara> not sure if there's an action here other than keeping looking at the logs and see if any of those are real failures

 16:11 <rbasak> matsubara: can you request a retest?

 16:12 <matsubara> I don't seem to have that permission

 16:12 <rbasak> It certainly does look like a test environment connectivity issue to me.

 16:12 <rbasak> matsubara: shall we leave it to you to get a message to the right person to request a retest?

 16:12 <rbasak> Let's move on for now.

 16:12 <rbasak> #topic Weekly Updates & Questions for the Kernel Team (smb, sforshee, arges)

 16:12 <matsubara> rbasak, ok

 16:12 <matsubara> thanks rbasak

 16:12 <smb> The Utopic+ nested issues on Precise host fix should be on its way into Precise. Beside that any other reports are still ongoing. There were recent updates to nested kvm softlockups (bug 1413540) and some container netdevice cleanup (bug 1403152) bug which we still need to evaluate. The KSM issue (bug 1435363) which was recently reported needs feedback on latest kernel.

 16:13 <ubottu> bug 1413540 in linux (Ubuntu) "Trusty soft lockup issues with nested KVM" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1413540

 16:13 <ubottu> bug 1403152 in linux (Ubuntu) "unregister_netdevice: waiting for lo to become free. Usage count" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1403152

 16:13 <ubottu> bug 1435363 in linux (Ubuntu) "KSM causing performance and instability issues" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1435363

 16:13 <rbasak> Thanks. Any questions for smb?

 16:13 <rbasak> Any other discussion on this topic?

 16:14 <rbasak> #topic Ubuntu Server Team Events

 16:14 <rbasak> I'm not aware of anything coming up. Does anyone have any events to add?

 16:14 <rbasak> #topic Open Discussion

 16:14 <rbasak> Anything else from anyone before we close?

 16:15 <rbasak> #topic Announce next meeting date and time

 16:15 <rbasak> The next meeting will be at Tue Mar 31 16:00:00 UTC 2015. matsubara will be chairing.

 16:16 <rbasak> Thanks all!

 16:16 <rbasak> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)