== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting: ubuntu-server-team, 07 Jul at 16:00 &mdash; 16:11 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2015/ubuntu-meeting.2015-07-07-16.00.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Review ACTION points from previous meeting ===
The discussion about "Review ACTION points from previous meeting" started at 16:00.


=== Wily Development ===
The discussion about "Wily Development" started at 16:01.

  * ''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/WilyWerewolf/ReleaseSchedule 
 * '''Release Bugs''' (16:01)
  * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-w-tracking-bug-tasks.html#ubuntu-server 

=== Server & Cloud Bugs (caribou) ===
The discussion about "Server & Cloud Bugs (caribou)" started at 16:05.

  * ''LINK:'' http://caribou.kamikamamak.com/2015/06/26/custom-partitioning-with-maas-and-curtin-2/ 

=== Weekly Updates & Questions for the QA Team (matsubara) ===
The discussion about "Weekly Updates & Questions for the QA Team (matsubara)" started at 16:06.


=== Weekly Updates & Questions for the Kernel Team (smb, sforshee, arges) ===
The discussion about "Weekly Updates & Questions for the Kernel Team (smb, sforshee, arges)" started at 16:06.


=== Upcoming Call For Papers ===
The discussion about "Upcoming Call For Papers" started at 16:07.


=== Ubuntu Server Team Events ===
The discussion about "Ubuntu Server Team Events" started at 16:09.


=== Open Discussion ===
The discussion about "Open Discussion" started at 16:10.


=== Announce next meeting date, time and chair ===
The discussion about "Announce next meeting date, time and chair" started at 16:11.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * matsubara (30)
 * caribou (5)
 * meetingology (3)
 * jamespage (2)
 * arosales (1)
 * teward (1)
 * ubottu (1)
 * ddellav (1)
 * kickinz1 (1)
 * smb (1)



== Full Log ==


 16:00 <matsubara> #startmeeting ubuntu-server-team

 16:00 <meetingology> Meeting started Tue Jul  7 16:00:14 2015 UTC.  The chair is matsubara. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:00 <meetingology> 

 16:00 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 16:00 <arosales> o/

 16:00 <matsubara> hello there, welcome to this week's Ubuntu server meeting!

 16:00 <ddellav> \o

 16:00 <matsubara> #topic Review ACTION points from previous meeting

 16:00 <matsubara> no action items from last meeting

 16:01 <matsubara> #topic Wily Development

 16:01 <matsubara> #link https://wiki.ubuntu.com/WilyWerewolf/ReleaseSchedule

 16:01 <matsubara> #subtopic Release Bugs

 16:01 <matsubara> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-w-tracking-bug-tasks.html#ubuntu-server

 16:01 <matsubara> Wily Alpha 2 by the end of the month.

 16:01 <teward> o/

 16:02 <jamespage> o/

 16:02 <matsubara> there's a security bug, high importance and no one assigned.

 16:02 <kickinz1> o/

 16:02 <matsubara> bug 1453738

 16:02 <ubottu> bug 1453738 in ecryptfs-utils (Ubuntu Wily) "installer in LVM mode sets up broken encrypted swap, using duplicate unencrypted swap" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1453738

 16:03 <matsubara> is that bug something someone in the server team should take on?

 16:04 <matsubara> looks like it's well understood and some ubuntu developers are discussing in the bug report. let's move on

 16:05 <matsubara> #topic Server & Cloud Bugs (caribou)

 16:05 <caribou> a few things

 16:05 <caribou> wrote a blog post on Curtin/Maas customization; comments welcomed

 16:05 <caribou> http://caribou.kamikamamak.com/2015/06/26/custom-partitioning-with-maas-and-curtin-2/

 16:05 <caribou> & working on a kernel crash dump subordinate charm

 16:05 <caribou> all for me, thanks

 16:05 <matsubara> Thanks caribou

 16:06 <matsubara> #topic Weekly Updates & Questions for the QA Team (matsubara)

 16:06 <matsubara> nothing new to report from me

 16:06 <matsubara> #topic Weekly Updates & Questions for the Kernel Team (smb, sforshee, arges)

 16:06 <smb> Hi and hm, nothing right now. Are there questions/new issues?

 16:07 <matsubara> No questions for smb, it seems. Thanks smb.

 16:07 <matsubara> #topic Upcoming Call For Papers

 16:08 <matsubara> ODS Tokyo is open for submissions

 16:09 <matsubara> other than that, anything other conferences happening soon?

 16:09 <matsubara> I guess no, let's move on

 16:09 <matsubara> #topic Ubuntu Server Team Events

 16:10 <matsubara> no server team event

 16:10 <matsubara> #topic Open Discussion

 16:11 <matsubara> #topic Announce next meeting date, time and chair

 16:11 <matsubara> same time next week, coreycb will chair

 16:11 <matsubara> thanks everyone

 16:11 <jamespage> ta matsubara

 16:11 <matsubara> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)