== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 22 Jan at 16:00 &mdash; 16:20 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2015/ubuntu-meeting.2015-01-22-16.00.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning round ===
The discussion about "Lightning round" started at 16:00.


=== AOB ===
The discussion about "AOB" started at 16:15.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * stgraber (36)
 * slangasek (31)
 * infinity (19)
 * sil2100 (17)
 * mvo (15)
 * bdmurray (13)
 * cyphermox (10)
 * ubottu (8)
 * barry (5)
 * jodh (4)
 * caribou (4)
 * doko (4)
 * meetingology (3)



== Full Log ==


 16:00 <slangasek> #startmeeting

 16:00 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Jan 22 16:00:25 2015 UTC.  The chair is slangasek. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:00 <meetingology> 

 16:00 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 16:00 <slangasek> [TOPIC] Lightning round

 16:00 <slangasek> $ echo $(shuf -e barry doko stgraber jodh bdmurray slangasek caribou infinity mvo sil2100 robru cyphermox)

 16:00 <slangasek> infinity jodh bdmurray caribou sil2100 slangasek barry stgraber robru cyphermox mvo doko

 16:00 <sil2100> o/

 16:00 <infinity> SRSLY?

 16:00 <infinity> Still typing.

 16:00 <slangasek> infinity: TYPE FASTER

 16:00 <infinity> CAN'T MAKE ME.

 16:01 * sil2100 whips infinity

 16:01 <infinity> YOU'RE NOT MY REAL DAD.

 16:01 <slangasek> jodh: since someone is slacking, how about if you go first

 16:01 <jodh> * snappy

 16:01 <jodh> - Worked on fixes prior to release on Tuesday.

 16:01 <jodh> - Testing.

 16:01 <jodh> և

 16:02 <slangasek> bdmurray:

 16:02 <infinity> * SRUs of various IBM PPC utilities and libraries

 16:02 <infinity> * Hunted and fixed a d-i bug with modprobe error messages

 16:02 <infinity> * Helped hunt down an endian issue with unity-scopes-api

 16:02 <infinity> * Started looking at glibc 2.21

 16:02 <infinity> * A bit of kernel SRU wrangling

 16:02 <slangasek> oh ok

 16:02 <infinity> [...]

 16:02 <slangasek> ;)

 16:02 <infinity> Bah.

 16:02 <infinity> Timing.

 16:02 <bdmurray> updated the Error Tracker to work with django 1.6 and its dependencies

 16:02 <bdmurray> updated daisy / errors to set ALLOWED_HOSTS for django

 16:02 <bdmurray> worked on charm changes to be able to set allowed_hosts for django

 16:02 <bdmurray> updated errors branch (r518) to set SESSION_SERIALIZER which fixes log in issue

 16:02 <bdmurray> updated daisy-plucker charms to use thedac's save_cassandra method

 16:03 <bdmurray> updated RT #77920 with information about errors update

 16:03 <bdmurray> updated daisy to add counters for channel and device_name

 16:03 <bdmurray> updated daisy to write the channel and device_name to the SystemImages CF

 16:03 <bdmurray> updated errors code to display channels

 16:03 <bdmurray> updated test-crashes to include SystemImageInfo for armhf crashes on Vivid

 16:03 <bdmurray> updated submit-crash tool to change Date in crash reports so "duplicates" can be submitted

 16:03 <bdmurray> short week due to holiday on Monday

 16:03 <bdmurray> ✔ done

 16:03 <caribou> * Maas 1.5 & 1.7 tests

 16:03 <caribou> * Apport upstream work :

 16:04 <caribou> - Implement direct extract of large binaries for kernel crash dumps

 16:04 <caribou> (done)

 16:04 <sil2100> o/

 16:04 <sil2100> - Landing team work, silos coordination, preparing landing e-mails

 16:04 <sil2100> - Qt 5.4

 16:04 <sil2100> * Looking into and fixing the armhf stellarium build failure

 16:04 <sil2100> * Fixing the qtserialport-opensource-src and qtdoc-opensource-src FTFBS

 16:04 <sil2100> * Making sure the dependency chain builds

 16:04 <sil2100> * Re-building unity8

 16:04 <sil2100> * Enabling Qt 5.4 on local krillin, manual testing

 16:04 <sil2100> - Ubuntu Engineering Live

 16:04 <sil2100> - RTM status meetings

 16:04 <sil2100> - Discussions and planning for the big nearing milestone

 16:04 <sil2100> - Prepare a revert of thumbnailer in the case of an emergency

 16:04 <sil2100> - Manually publishing a qtmir silo (branch rebase and merging required)

 16:04 <sil2100> - Preparing temporary syntax in the CI Train spreadsheet for tarball/click sign-off

 16:04 <sil2100> (done)

 16:06 <slangasek> * SRU reviews for 14.04.2

 16:06 <slangasek> * successful upstart-systemd porting sprint last week, thanks to all who participated

 16:06 <slangasek> * still have fixing nfs-common on my plate to follow through on this week

 16:06 <slangasek> * snappy IoT release this week, kudos to jodh and mvo: http://www.ubuntu.com/things

 16:06 <slangasek> * moving forward the backfilling process

 16:06 <slangasek> * trainguard coverage this coming weekend, for the upcoming phone release

 16:06 <slangasek> (done)

 16:06 <barry> short week due to usa holiday

 16:06 <barry> system-image: LP: #1373467 landed in trunk.  investigated two bugs with udm: LP: #1411866 and LP: #1413265.  (i need to ping mandel again about these).  LP: #1412698 for snappy and 3.0.  started spec'ing out testing server (https://blueprints.launchpad.net/ubuntu-system-image/+spec/test-server)

 16:06 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1373467 in Ubuntu system image "Support config.d directory" [High,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1373467

 16:06 <barry> debuntu: cloud-init py3 port (lp:~barry/cloud-init/py2-3)

 16:06 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1411866 in ubuntu-download-manager (Ubuntu) "Unconstrained download to a directory w/o permission crashes udm" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1411866

 16:06 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1413265 in ubuntu-download-manager (Ubuntu) "Missing destination files" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1413265

 16:06 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1412698 in Ubuntu system image "Upgrade path calculation incorrect" [High,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1412698

 16:06 <barry> other: Pycon 2015 language summit planning

 16:07 <barry> ©

 16:07 <stgraber> LXC/LXCFS/LXD/CGMANAGER (aka container stuff):

 16:07 <stgraber> - Sent one last systemd fix upstream (with the upstreaming now taken over by pitti).

 16:07 <stgraber> - Got systemd working fine in privileged and unprivileged containers without

 16:07 <stgraber> having to compromise on security.

 16:07 <stgraber> - Updated REST API spec for LXD.

 16:07 <stgraber> - Released lxcfs 0.1 and uploaded.

 16:07 <stgraber> - Released lxcfs 0.2 and uploaded.

 16:07 <stgraber> - Released lxcfs 0.3 and uploaded.

 16:07 <stgraber> - Released lxc 1.1 rc1 and uploaded.

 16:07 <stgraber> - Filed MIR for lxcfs (bug 1413405)

 16:07 <ubottu> bug 1413405 in lxcfs (Ubuntu) "[MIR] lxcfs" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1413405

 16:07 <stgraber> - Filed MIR for lua-filesystem (bug 1413402)

 16:07 <ubottu> bug 1413402 in lua-filesystem (Ubuntu) "[MIR] lua-filesystem" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1413402

 16:07 <stgraber> - Moved cgmanager from github.com/cgmanager to github.com/lxc alongside all

 16:07 <stgraber> the other projects.

 16:07 <stgraber> - SRUed the fix for bug 1075717 back to precise (to get it running under LXC 1.1)

 16:07 <ubottu> bug 1075717 in mountall (Ubuntu Precise) "mounted-dev must not re-create consoles in a container" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1075717

 16:07 <stgraber> - Got our arm64 and ppc64el builders back online

 16:07 <stgraber> - Plenty of code reviews

 16:07 <stgraber> - Preparing for the LXD sprint and for the mid-cycle cloud sprint

 16:08 <stgraber> 

 16:08 <stgraber> Other:

 16:08 <stgraber> - Been trying to help get 1SS IPv6 connectivty back online.

 16:08 <stgraber> - Been asked to debug system-image a few times. No problem at all, just people

 16:08 <stgraber> not knowing how to read their screen.

 16:08 <stgraber> 

 16:08 <stgraber> Next couple of weeks:

 16:08 <stgraber> - In Brussels for the LXD hackfest from Tuesday to Friday

 16:08 <stgraber> - In Brussels for FOSDEM on Saturday

 16:08 <stgraber> - In Cape Town for the mid-cycle Cloud Sprint the whole week after that

 16:08 <stgraber> - Things get back to normal on the 9th of February

 16:08 <stgraber> 

 16:08 <stgraber> TODO:

 16:08 <stgraber> - Release LXC 1.1 (plan is for early next week)

 16:08 <stgraber> - Release LXD 0.1 (plan is for end of next week)

 16:08 <stgraber> 

 16:08 <stgraber> (DONE)

 16:08 <infinity> stgraber: You got our builders back online?  Was I dreaming when I did that? :)

 16:08 <stgraber> infinity: "my" builders :)

 16:09 <infinity> stgraber: Oh, different "our". :)

 16:09 <stgraber> our here refers to LXC :)

 16:10 <slangasek> robru:

 16:11 <slangasek> ok, we'll come back to robru

 16:11 <slangasek> cyphermox:

 16:11 <cyphermox> * looked at ubiquity bug 1408495 until it turned up being an overlayfs bug (1410480)

 16:11 <ubottu> bug 1410480 in linux (Ubuntu) "duplicate for #1408495 overlayfs v1: renaming existing file uses chardev whiteout (should be symlink)" [High,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1410480

 16:11 <cyphermox> * landed another fix for bluez's input stack in archive and in RTM

 16:11 <cyphermox> * fixed MTP upstart job to not needlessly respawn all the time

 16:11 <cyphermox> * investigated session upstart signal emission issues with rsalveti

 16:11 <slangasek> overlayfs> yeah, thought so :P

 16:11 <cyphermox> * waiting for review for a bluetooth agent rework in u-s-s before it can land.

 16:11 <cyphermox> * worked on fixing autopkgtests for the new NM version in preparation for upload

 16:11 <cyphermox> (done)

 16:12 <slangasek> mvo:

 16:12 <mvo> click:

 16:12 <mvo> - prototype chroot mirror selection based on geoip

 16:12 <mvo> - Work on #1358294 (data removal on uninstall of apps)

 16:12 <mvo> - Work on preparing a new release (review/merge various branches)

 16:12 <mvo> misc:

 16:12 <mvo> - finish "numeric_owner" support for python tarfile (python #23193)

 16:12 <mvo> - improve test/fix for python tarfile symlink crash (python #23228)

 16:12 <mvo> - various (snappy) meeting

 16:12 <mvo> snappy:

 16:12 <mvo> - alpha-2!

 16:12 <mvo> - work on snappy golang port

 16:12 <mvo> - lots more (~45 gtimelog entries) but mostly details

 16:12 <mvo> (done)

 16:13 <slangasek> doko:

 16:14 <doko> - first gcc-5 package uploaded to the ubuntu-toolchain-r/test PPA

 16:14 <doko> - preparing openjdk security updates.

 16:14 <doko> (done)

 16:14 <doko> now chasing all the build failures ...

 16:14 <slangasek> robru: here?

 16:15 <slangasek> any questions / discussion points over status?

 16:15 <slangasek> [TOPIC] AOB

 16:15 <slangasek> or anything else, generally? :)

 16:16 <infinity> I'm going to bed soon!

 16:16 <infinity> Generally.

 16:16 <cyphermox> any tasks for me, generally?

 16:16 <slangasek> um thanks infinity for the update

 16:16 <slangasek> anyone else?

 16:16 <slangasek> cyphermox: I have a few things I can lob in your direction, let's talk later today :)

 16:17 <cyphermox> zug zug

 16:17 <infinity> Something need doing?

 16:17 <mvo> cyphermox: and welcome, great to have you!

 16:17 <cyphermox> mvo: thanks!

 16:19 <slangasek> yes, welcome to cyphermox, who is forced to attend our meetings even when he hasn't started yet ;)

 16:19 <infinity> "Forced"

 16:19 <infinity> He seemed pretty keen to show up.

 16:19 <mvo> hehehe

 16:20 <slangasek> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)