== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 28 May at 15:04 &mdash; 15:22 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2015/ubuntu-meeting.2015-05-28-15.04.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning round ===
The discussion about "Lightning round" started at 15:04.


=== AOB ===
The discussion about "AOB" started at 15:19.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * mvo_ (22)
 * infinity (18)
 * slangasek (18)
 * sil2100 (17)
 * bdmurray (13)
 * cyphermox (12)
 * caribou (11)
 * stgraber (10)
 * doko (9)
 * jodh (7)
 * ubottu (7)
 * robru (6)
 * barry (4)
 * meetingology (3)



== Full Log ==


 15:04 <slangasek> #startmeeting

 15:04 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu May 28 15:04:12 2015 UTC.  The chair is slangasek. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 15:04 <meetingology> 

 15:04 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 15:04 <slangasek> [TOPIC] Lightning round

 15:04 <slangasek> $ echo $(shuf -e barry doko stgraber jodh bdmurray slangasek caribou infinity mvo sil2100 robru cyphermox)

 15:04 <slangasek> robru jodh sil2100 doko slangasek bdmurray caribou cyphermox infinity mvo barry stgraber

 15:04 <robru> wooooohooooo!

 15:04 <sil2100> I'm nooot reaadyyyy

 15:04 <robru> * Implemented dual landings in CI Train

 15:04 <robru> - fixed a bug with tracking the migration of a dual landing silo

 15:04 <robru> - fixed a bug that prevented reconfiguring a dual landing silo

 15:04 <robru> * Various iterations on the spreadsheet replacement & mojo spec.

 15:04 <robru> (done)

 15:04 * sil2100 hastens

 15:04 * mvo_ has a conflicting meeting but will try to pay attention here too, please ping me when its my turn

 15:05 <jodh> * upstart:

 15:05 <jodh> - SRU work for bug 1447756.

 15:05 <ubottu> bug 1447756 in upstart (Ubuntu Vivid) "[SRU] segfault in log.c code causes phone reboot loops" [Undecided,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1447756

 15:05 <jodh> * snappy:

 15:05 <jodh> - selftest bits.

 15:05 <jodh> * misc:

 15:05 <jodh> - Super short week as out Mon-Wed.

 15:05 <jodh> ߁

 15:05 <sil2100> Uuh

 15:05 <sil2100> - Landing team work, silo coordination, preparing landing e-mails

 15:05 <sil2100> - RTM status meetings and discussions

 15:05 <sil2100> - Mode documentation work: bug management, dual landings, landing guidelines

 15:06 <sil2100> - Deploying a canonistack instance for automated scripts

 15:06 <sil2100> - Fixes to the auto-close scripts

 15:06 <sil2100> - Much system-image channel fun:

 15:06 <sil2100> * Setting up some new channels for arale

 15:06 <sil2100> * Various image manipulation etc. for multiple people

 15:06 <sil2100> - Other stuff

 15:06 <sil2100> (done)

 15:06 <sil2100> (the Other stuff is for the things I didn't have time to write up here)

 15:06 <doko> - packaged python3.5 beta1

 15:06 <doko> - packaged python2.7 2.7.10

 15:06 <doko> - looked at autopkg test failures, caused by ProdStack

 15:06 <doko> - golang merge

 15:06 <doko> - GCC 5 updates, and GCC 5 cross updates

 15:06 <doko> (done)

 15:07 <slangasek> * short week due to US holiday + vac

 15:07 <slangasek> * signing key for system-image rotated without incident

 15:07 <slangasek> * arale images are now public on system-image.u.c!

 15:07 <slangasek> * will be finishing the system-image channel migration over the next week

 15:07 <slangasek> (done)

 15:07 <caribou> Bugfix:

 15:07 <caribou> - Squid deb proxy startup race condition (Bug: 1456662)

 15:07 <ubottu> bug 1456662 in squid-deb-proxy (Ubuntu Trusty) "squid-deb-proxy fails to resolve dns entry : needs to be restarted" [Medium,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1456662

 15:07 <caribou> * Waiting for mvo's upload to reach Wily to SRU

 15:07 <caribou> - Maas preseeding with fastinstaller

 15:07 <caribou> - Misc office work

 15:08 <caribou> (done)

 15:08 <cyphermox> * tested root=multipath-$UUID changes for booting on multipath

 15:08 <cyphermox> - needs more work.

 15:08 <cyphermox> * preparing search/kern patch for grub2-signed bug 1097570;

 15:08 <cyphermox> - suggesting a new grub_bootdev var to use for hinting search

 15:08 <ubottu> bug 1097570 in grub2 (Ubuntu) "grub2-signed can not find the right device when there are two filesystems containing the file '.disk/info'." [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1097570

 15:08 <mvo_> caribou: thanks for the sru! new version should be available now in wily

 15:08 <cyphermox> * reviewed grub2(-signed) arm64 efi image MP from dannf

 15:08 <cyphermox> * merged tzsetup (completed)

 15:08 <cyphermox> * responded to questions on netbooting PowerVM.

 15:08 <bdmurray> caribou: don't forget to say "queue hopping in the meeting"

 15:08 <cyphermox> * merging/tested localechooser (in progress)

 15:08 <cyphermox> (done)

 15:08 * bdmurray just waits to the end now

 15:09 <caribou> bdmurray: sorry; I thought I was after slangasek

 15:09 <infinity> bdmurray: Go now, I'll wait. :P

 15:09 <bdmurray> updated daisy to only use the alias if there is one

 15:09 <bdmurray> submitted RTs to have daisy updated on staging / production

 15:09 <bdmurray> fixed a traceback in the errors frontend when viewing a hash of a bucket

 15:09 <bdmurray> submitted RT to have production version of errors updated to r544

 15:09 <bdmurray> continued work on checking LP for packages for apport-retrace

 15:09 <bdmurray> submitted apport merge proposal

 15:09 <bdmurray> updated mp to get source packages from Launchpad for apport-retrace

 15:09 <bdmurray> apport-retrace updates per pitti's suggestions

 15:09 <bdmurray> Tested Launchpad API and getting debs for the overlay PPA

 15:09 <bdmurray> short week due to US holiday

 15:09 <bdmurray> ✔ done

 15:09 <slangasek> doko: how were autopkgtest failures caused by prodstack?

 15:09 <infinity> - Kernel SRU work

 15:09 <infinity> - lts-vivid X HWE review and wrangling

 15:09 <infinity> - lts-vivid debian-installer work

 15:09 <infinity> - Sort out livefs-crashing-buildds issue

 15:09 <infinity> - Trying to debug ppc gccgo issues

 15:09 <infinity> - Misc SRU and AA work

 15:09 <infinity> (done)

 15:09 <mvo_> apt:

 15:09 <mvo_> - Debug/fix #1445239

 15:09 <mvo_> - New version for wily

 15:09 <mvo_> - Prepare stable-update

 15:09 <mvo_> - python-apt: Improve documentation (thanks Brian Murray)

 15:09 <mvo_> aptdaemon:

 15:09 <mvo_> - some cleanup

 15:09 <mvo_> snappy:

 15:10 <mvo_> - lots of stuff

 15:10 <mvo_> squid-deb-proxy:

 15:10 <mvo_> - Release 0.8.11

 15:10 <infinity> slangasek: I think he means scalingstack.

 15:10 <mvo_> unattended-upgrades:

 15:10 <mvo_> - Review/merge/improve branch to

 15:10 <mvo_> allowUnattended-upgrade::automatic-reboot-withusers

 15:10 <mvo_> - review/merge/improve branch to allow removal of unused dependencies

 15:10 <mvo_> - uploaded new version

 15:10 <mvo_> (done)

 15:10 <barry> short week due to usa holiday

 15:10 <barry> debuntu: ongoing work on the dpmt git migration (i think we're close!); debian bug #785787; converted pip repo to git (because of the need for separate 1.5.6 & 7.0 branches); LP: #1324391; still need to merge debian pip to ubuntu (or just get rid of the freakin' ubuntu delta that forces --user as default until upstream merges the patch)

 15:10 <ubottu> Debian bug 785787 in python-pip "python-distlib == 0.2.0-1 breaks python-pip 1.5.6" [Normal,Fixed] http://bugs.debian.org/785787

 15:10 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1324391 in python-pip (Ubuntu Trusty) "pip 1.5.4 import an invalid dependencies " [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1324391

 15:10 <barry> si: updated ImageBasedUpgrades wiki page, and documented phased updates.  LP: #1444347

 15:10 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1444347 in Ubuntu system image "/usr/bin/aa-clickhook:ImportError:/usr/bin/aa-clickhook@14:/usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/apparmor/click.py@15:/usr/lib/python3.4/ctypes/__init__.py@7" [Critical,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1444347

 15:10 <barry> --done--

 15:10 <stgraber> - LXC/LXD

 15:10 <stgraber> - Released LXD 0.10 on Tuesday, uploaded to archive, PPAs, ...

 15:10 <stgraber> - Working on updating the LXD specs post-Malta sprint.

 15:10 <stgraber> - Code reviews, bug triaging, other admin paperwork

 15:10 <stgraber> - Other

 15:10 <stgraber> - QA tracker auth issue fix

 15:10 <stgraber> - Some system-image discussions

 15:11 <stgraber> (done)

 15:12 <doko> stgraber, and spent some time debugging gccgo. no success yet, so please remove the powerpc binary for now, I'll come back to gccgo later

 15:12 <slangasek> infinity, doko: ok; then /what/ autopkgtest failures were caused by scalingstack? :)

 15:12 <stgraber> doko: ok, I'll remove the powerpc binary

 15:12 <doko> bug 1459526

 15:12 <ubottu> bug 1459526 in adt-cloud-worker "python2.7 test regression: Tunnel connection failed: 403 Forbidden" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1459526

 15:13 <infinity> slangasek: Looks like amd64 moved to scalingstack and i386 didn't, so 9 times out of 10, a fail on amd64 and success on i386 means we're being bitten by the network access issue we had that long thread about.

 15:13 <slangasek> infinity: 9 times out of 10 is approximately the entire set of packages that were affected by the change in network policy

 15:14 <mvo_> caribou: I was lying, sorry, it seems like squid-deb-proxy is not up yet

 15:14 <stgraber> reminds me I need to disable half the LXC testsuite

 15:14 <slangasek> unless there have been further changes beyond the ones that were discussed with the CI team

 15:14 <infinity> slangasek: I'm not sure the investigation there of what was affected was exhaustive.

 15:14 <caribou> mvo_: I'm not lying I said I was waiting for it to make it to Wily

 15:14 <caribou> :)

 15:14 <mvo_> caribou: you were not, I was lying :)

 15:16 <infinity> doko: As for gccgo on ppc, I only spent an hour or so looking, but it's definitely confusing.  Debian appears to have a newer binutils, though, is it possible we need to be building gcc-5 with that same newer binutils on ppc?

 15:16 <doko> ohh, I didn't merge ... maybe I should

 15:17 <infinity> doko: Well, gcc-5 is also a Debian revision behind, so maybe if you merge binutils, wait for it to be built, and then merge gcc-5, it'll all magically fix itself, and we can not bother asking why. :P

 15:18 <infinity> doko: I kinda doubt it'll be that easy, but worth a shot.

 15:18 <slangasek> ok, any other questions?

 15:19 <slangasek> [TOPIC] AOB

 15:19 <slangasek> or anything else to discuss? :)

 15:19 <mvo_> caribou: I will upload the new squid-deb-proxy with the fixes today, sorry, I think I dreamed that I already uploaded it

 15:19 <sil2100> I'll be off tomorrow and hard-to-access through phone and internet

 15:19 <sil2100> Will be sending an e-mail about it with details though ;)

 15:19 <infinity> sil2100: Carrier pigeon?

 15:20 <caribou> mvo_: no worry, I hand fixed my own server for the time being

 15:20 <cyphermox> infinity: morse code-tapping carrier pidgeons

 15:20 <sil2100> Those won't work as well

 15:20 <infinity> cyphermox: But where do we get the tiny tap shoes?

 15:20 <slangasek> amazon

 15:20 <cyphermox> the pidgeons get to remember the morse code, that's why you need many pidgeons in parallel

 15:20 <infinity> slangasek: Man, they really do have everything.

 15:20 <cyphermox> 8 of them for better success

 15:21 <caribou> what's the RFC for TCP using carrier pidgeons transport already ?

 15:22 <infinity> 1149

 15:22 <slangasek> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)