== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 14 May at 15:04 &mdash; 15:34 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2015/ubuntu-meeting.2015-05-14-15.04.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== lightning round ===
The discussion about "lightning round" started at 15:05.

  * ''LINK:'' https://errors.ubuntu.com/problem/e71cb16defd3ee4725bd674e5f5850c5f0b76f2c 

=== AOB ===
The discussion about "AOB" started at 15:32.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * slangasek (50)
 * bdmurray (36)
 * barry (28)
 * cyphermox (25)
 * doko (11)
 * jodh (8)
 * ubottu (7)
 * robru (6)
 * meetingology (3)



== Full Log ==


 15:04 <slangasek> #startmeeting

 15:04 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu May 14 15:04:53 2015 UTC.  The chair is slangasek. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 15:04 <meetingology> 

 15:04 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 15:05 <slangasek> [TOPIC] lightning round

 15:05 <slangasek> $ echo $(shuf -e barry doko stgraber jodh bdmurray slangasek caribou infinity mvo sil2100 robru cyphermox)

 15:05 <slangasek> robru doko slangasek bdmurray jodh sil2100 cyphermox mvo caribou stgraber infinity barry

 15:05 <slangasek> robru: hi, are you here? :)

 15:05 <robru> CI Train Spreadsheet Replacement:

 15:05 <robru> * backend in Flask+SQLAlchemy

 15:05 <robru> * frontend in AngularJS

 15:05 <robru> * huge pile of features implemented from scratch

 15:05 <robru> * Created juju charm for deploying it

 15:06 <robru> (done)

 15:06 <slangasek> right on

 15:06 <doko> * GCC work

 15:06 <doko> * packged openjdk-9

 15:06 <doko> * bank holiday today

 15:06 <doko> (done)

 15:07 <slangasek> oh right, holiday ;P

 15:09 <slangasek> * cloud sprint in malta, then UOS, then miscellaneous phone-related tasks

 15:09 <slangasek> * moving phone channels around for wily opening and the deprecation of ubuntu-rtm/14.09

 15:09 <slangasek> * bug #1455119: strange bug with image copies getting the wrong contents on system-image, debugging with barry

 15:09 <ubottu> bug 1455119 in Ubuntu system image "'copy-image' resulted in an image embedding the wrong channel name" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1455119

 15:09 <slangasek> (done)

 15:09 <bdmurray> This covers a couple of weeks so hold on ;-)

 15:09 <bdmurray> investigation into Error Tracker OOPSes with virtualbox crashes (UnicodeDecodeError)

 15:09 <bdmurray> pushed daisy code to backfill system image counters with alias info

 15:09 <bdmurray> worked with webops to backfill system image counters for aliases

 15:09 <bdmurray> deleted aliased channels from SystemImages CF

 15:09 <bdmurray> renamed vivid to 15.04, added wily in errors frontends

 15:09 <bdmurray> update errors to display new milestones

 15:09 <bdmurray> worked with webops to sort out where why new assets not available

 15:09 <bdmurray> updated retracers to handle apport change re exit code 99

 15:09 <bdmurray> updated whoopsie-update-daily-users cron job to fix 15.04 and add 15.10

 15:10 <bdmurray> worked with doko and barry regarding python-pip issue

 15:10 <bdmurray> fixed rls-w reports for wily

 15:10 <bdmurray> fixed sru-report issue with wily

 15:10 <bdmurray> research into how to identify ubiquity upgrade failures

 15:10 <bdmurray> review of rls-v bug reports and moving of things to w

 15:10 <bdmurray> reviewed apt/dpkg/apport corrupt package handling

 15:10 <bdmurray> added wily to metarelease, updated u-r-u for wily

 15:10 <bdmurray> working on adding launchpad support to apport-retrace

 15:10 <bdmurray> tested whoopsie on wily live cd

 15:10 <bdmurray> uploaded whoopise change to run on live CD (systemd service not check for ubiquity-dm)

 15:10 <bdmurray> âœ” done

 15:10 <doko> bdmurray, barry: is this now in -updates?

 15:10 <barry> doko: no

 15:10 <jodh> * upstart:

 15:10 <jodh> - Spent last week and part of this week fixing bug 1447756 with ondra.

 15:10 <jodh> * snappy:

 15:10 <ubottu> bug 1447756 in upstart (Ubuntu) "segfault in log.c code causes phone reboot loops" [Critical,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1447756

 15:10 <jodh> - Reviewed lp:~mvo/snappy/selftest-failover.

 15:10 <jodh> - Now back to working on upgrader tests.

 15:10 <jodh> ??

 15:10 <doko> barry, what is missing?

 15:11 <barry> doko: i bricked my clone army

 15:11 <bdmurray> I thought there was hesitation about over riding the error.

 15:11 <cyphermox> no sil after all?

 15:11 <cyphermox> * debugging a debconf issue, setting up time-travelling proxy to bisect it, etc.

 15:12 <cyphermox> * various SRUs

 15:12 <cyphermox> * upstreaming multipath, efi patches to Debian

 15:12 <cyphermox> (that's my last few weeks in very shortened)

 15:12 <cyphermox> * Sponsoring: bug 1401141 (+ SRU)

 15:12 <cyphermox> * sponsored live-build changes for ext tuning

 15:12 <cyphermox> * asked dannf to update d-i branches for cleanup and arm64

 15:12 <ubottu> bug 1401141 in isc-dhcp (Ubuntu Vivid) "DHCP server does not work for IPoIB (Infiniband)" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1401141

 15:12 <cyphermox> * grub triage: identified a few cherry-picks from upstream to be done

 15:12 <cyphermox> * upload shim 0.8.

 15:12 <cyphermox> * bug 1297069: testing shim fix for trusty

 15:12 <ubottu> bug 1297069 in shim (Ubuntu Trusty) "During the installation under UEFI mode, "Could not open \EFI\BOOT\fallback.efi: 14" shows after passed the BIOS phase." [Medium,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1297069

 15:12 <cyphermox> * discussed oem-config preseeding with taihsiang

 15:12 <cyphermox> * NM 0.9.10.0-4ubuntu16 upload to wily

 15:12 <cyphermox> * prepared ppc64el SRUs for Trusty.

 15:12 <cyphermox> * reviewed/merge arm64 d-i branch.

 15:12 <cyphermox> (done)

 15:14 <slangasek> mvo's out this week

 15:14 <slangasek> caribou's not here

 15:14 <barry> i+=4?

 15:14 <slangasek> stgraber is out today

 15:14 <slangasek> infinity is out this week

 15:14 <slangasek> :)

 15:14 <slangasek> barry:

 15:14 <barry> system-image: server testing (config.d branch); v3.0 into ci train; triaging bugs; LP: #1454447; LP: #1455119

 15:14 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1454447 in Ubuntu system image "/etc/system-image/config.d created with too restricted permissions" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1454447

 15:14 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1455119 in Ubuntu system image "'copy-image' resulted in an image embedding the wrong channel name" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1455119

 15:14 <barry> other: UOS; LP: #1453846; python-lockfile sponsorship; pycurl 7.19.5.1-1ubuntu1; updated gunicorn pr for py3; bricking my phone

 15:14 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1453846 in CI Train [cu2d] "refresh_package_versions() must skip binary blobs in debian/" [High,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1453846

 15:14 <barry> --done--

 15:15 <slangasek> barry: have you asked around for unbricking advice?

 15:15 <cyphermox> barry: which device and how bricked, maybe I can help

 15:15 <barry> slangasek: not yet.  i've tried a few things and will send a msg to phablet later today

 15:16 <barry> cyphermox: krillin.  it sits at the "bq powered by ubuntu" screen forever

 15:16 <cyphermox> barry: ok

 15:16 <slangasek> barry: ah, I would strongly advise grabbing someone in realtime on #phablet or such

 15:16 <barry> cyphermox: reflashing, even with --recovery-image does no good

 15:16 <cyphermox> might have to reflash with the BQ tool

 15:16 <barry> slangasek: will try

 15:16 <jodh> barry: you prolly need the SP_Flash_tool thing.

 15:16 <cyphermox> (sorry)

 15:17 <slangasek> ok, apparently jodh and cyphermox have experience and could help you :-)

 15:17 <slangasek> any other questions re: status?

 15:17 <barry> yep, thanks guys!

 15:17 <jodh> barry: if the flash tool fails, talk to ondra who has even more powerful unbricking magic :)

 15:17 <bdmurray> Did we make a decision about the python-pip SRU?

 15:18 <slangasek> bdmurray: didn't sound like it to me

 15:18 <barry> bdmurray: i still want to get back to that, after i figure out the system-image server bug and test enough of the si server config.d code to release si 3.0 to wily

 15:18 <barry> bdmurray: eta unknown

 15:19 <bdmurray> barry: what do you mean by get back to that? will there be changes to the packages?

 15:19 <slangasek> barry: that means we should not override the current failures but wait for more investigation, correct?

 15:19 <barry> slangasek: i would like to yes. i know how to fix it.  i'd like to at least fix it in unstable/wily first and then backport

 15:20 <slangasek> should we be concerned about an upload to revert the previous SRU, to roll back those users that already received the update?

 15:20 <bdmurray> no, my investigation showed it happens with the package in the release pocket too

 15:20 <slangasek> oh

 15:20 <slangasek> ok

 15:20 <bdmurray> so letting the SRU go through won't make things worse

 15:21 <barry> the fix, iirc, is just to make sure the whls are always first in sys.path, no matter how its invoked

 15:21 <slangasek> in that case, what reason is there for not overriding these errors reports?

 15:21 <slangasek> if the SRU isn't worse, shouldn't we just continue phasing it, and treat the bugfix separately?

 15:21 <bdmurray> that's my opinion

 15:21 <slangasek> and I gathered that was doko's preference

 15:22 <slangasek> barry: ^^ is that reasonable?

 15:22 <barry> that sounds like a good plan.  i want to do a proper fix but that can happen later

 15:22 <slangasek> ok, great

 15:22 <slangasek> decided! :)

 15:22 <doko> slangasek, well,

 15:22 <doko> ok

 15:22 <bdmurray> I'll triple check that it happens with the release pocket

 15:22 <doko> but the pip still removes egg-info files from packages

 15:22 <slangasek> oh

 15:22 <doko> at least one

 15:23 <slangasek> right, and that /was/ a regression

 15:23 <slangasek> AIUI

 15:23 <slangasek> (but not necessarily the problem being reported on errors.u.c)

 15:24 <slangasek> if that is a regression, best practice is to revert the SRU for now and resubmit once the bug is fixed

 15:25 <slangasek> bdmurray: maybe you want to do a quick reverting upload to knock this off the watch list until barry has time to revisit?

 15:25 <barry> wfm

 15:26 <doko> wait, which packages are affected?

 15:26 <bdmurray> I'm not convinced that this does NOT happen with the version of the package in the release pocket.

 15:26 <bdmurray> https://errors.ubuntu.com/problem/e71cb16defd3ee4725bd674e5f5850c5f0b76f2c

 15:26 <slangasek> bdmurray: the .egg-info removal?

 15:27 <bdmurray> that's the same import error with 1.5.4-1

 15:27 <barry> bdmurray: not sure about the egg-info bug, but that import error i believe is reproducible in the r.p.

 15:27 <slangasek> "r.p."?

 15:27 <barry> release pocket

 15:27 <barry> and i know why, and i think i have a fix :)

 15:28 <bdmurray> so should we check to see if the "egg-info bug" happens with r.p.?

 15:28 <slangasek> barry: but as that's not the regression, and the .egg-info rm /may/ be a regression (though there's some doubt), fixing the .egg-info problem should be the higher priority

 15:29 <barry> slangasek: maybe bdmurray can confirm that the egg-info problem happens in the rp?

 15:29 <barry> *try to confirm

 15:29 <slangasek> do we have a known reproducer for it?

 15:30 <barry> i don't know that we do for the egg-info bug

 15:30 <bdmurray> yeah, pip install httpie or anything which uses requests

 15:30 <bdmurray> right?

 15:31 <barry> bdmurray: that reproduces the import error, does it also repro the egg-info bug?

 15:31 <slangasek> ok, seems like this needs some further investigation; barry, bdmurray, can we take some time to discuss this after the meeting?

 15:31 <barry> bdmurray: maybe we take this off-line?

 15:32 <barry> yes

 15:32 <slangasek> and not hold the rest of the team captive :)

 15:32 <bdmurray> buh what?

 15:32 <bdmurray> isn't this fascinating?

 15:32 <cyphermox> riveting :)

 15:32 <slangasek> [TOPIC] AOB

 15:32 <barry> cyphermox: i think you misspelled "revolting"

 15:32 <slangasek> anything else? :)

 15:33 <cyphermox> fyi, I'll be on vacation June 8 to 19?

 15:33 <slangasek> barry: they're pronounced the same in French Canadian

 15:33 <barry> :D :D

 15:33 <cyphermox> hehehe

 15:33 <slangasek> cyphermox: have a good vacation :)

 15:34 <cyphermox> it's not now

 15:34 <cyphermox> but thanks

 15:34 <slangasek> sounds like that's a wrap

 15:34 <slangasek> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)