== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting: ubuntu-server-team, 08 Sep at 16:00 &mdash; 16:13 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2015/ubuntu-meeting.2015-09-08-16.00.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Review ACTION points from previous meeting ===
The discussion about "Review ACTION points from previous meeting" started at 16:00.

  * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/bcache-tools/+bug/1491111 

=== Wily Development ===
The discussion about "Wily Development" started at 16:02.

  * ''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/WilyWerewolf/ReleaseSchedule 
  * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-w-tracking-bug-tasks.html#ubuntu-server 

=== Server & Cloud Bugs (caribou) ===
The discussion about "Server & Cloud Bugs (caribou)" started at 16:06.


=== Weekly Updates & Questions for the QA Team (matsubara) ===
The discussion about "Weekly Updates & Questions for the QA Team (matsubara)" started at 16:07.


=== Weekly Updates & Questions for the Kernel Team (smb, sforshee, arges) ===
The discussion about "Weekly Updates & Questions for the Kernel Team (smb, sforshee, arges)" started at 16:08.


=== Upcoming Call For Papers ===
The discussion about "Upcoming Call For Papers" started at 16:08.


=== Ubuntu Server Team Events ===
The discussion about "Ubuntu Server Team Events" started at 16:09.


=== Open Discussion ===
The discussion about "Open Discussion" started at 16:10.


=== Announce next meeting date, time and chair ===
The discussion about "Announce next meeting date, time and chair" started at 16:12.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * gnuoy (41)
 * smoser (4)
 * caribou (3)
 * meetingology (3)
 * ubottu (2)
 * matsubara (2)
 * arges (2)
 * rbasak (1)



== Full Log ==


 16:00 <gnuoy> #startmeeting ubuntu-server-team

 16:00 <meetingology> Meeting started Tue Sep  8 16:00:02 2015 UTC.  The chair is gnuoy. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:00 <meetingology> 

 16:00 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 16:00 <gnuoy> #topic Review ACTION points from previous meeting

 16:00 <gnuoy> rharper collect team thoughts on whether we should have something like numad and other NUMA related placement stuff

 16:00 <gnuoy> did that happen?

 16:00 <matsubara> o/

 16:00 <gnuoy> While we wait for rharper:

 16:00 <gnuoy> smoser, rharper get other packages into cloud-image necessary for storage features.

 16:00 <gnuoy> did that one happen?

 16:01 <gnuoy> smoser ?

 16:01 <smoser> we made some progress on it.

 16:01 <smoser> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/bcache-tools/+bug/1491111

 16:01 <gnuoy> carry action forward to next meeting?

 16:01 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1491111 in bcache-tools (Ubuntu Trusty) "add bcache-tools to trusty archive" [High,Confirmed]

 16:01 <gnuoy> sounds like it's in hand

 16:01 <smoser> and https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/mdadm/+bug/1491102

 16:01 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1491102 in mdadm (Ubuntu) "[FFE] add mdadm and lvm2 to cloud image" [Undecided,New]

 16:02 <gnuoy> thanks smoser

 16:02 <gnuoy> one more for rharper when he's about:

 16:02 <gnuoy> rharper send email to TB about bcache-utils into trusty

 16:02 <gnuoy> lets return to those later if we can

 16:02 <gnuoy> #topic Wily Development

 16:02 <gnuoy> #link https://wiki.ubuntu.com/WilyWerewolf/ReleaseSchedule

 16:03 <smoser> gnuoy, that one.. will probably be delayed.

 16:03 <gnuoy> smoser, the sending of the email or getting bcache-utils into trusty?

 16:04 <gnuoy> No dates for next week in the release schedule

 16:04 <gnuoy> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-w-tracking-bug-tasks.html#ubuntu-server

 16:05 <gnuoy> nothing new there by the looks of it

 16:06 <gnuoy> 2 confirmed but unassigned ones

 16:06 <gnuoy> #topic Server & Cloud Bugs (caribou)

 16:07 <gnuoy> caribou, anything to declare?

 16:07 <caribou> rsyslog 8.12 is merged

 16:07 <caribou> FFE was OKed

 16:07 <caribou> other than that I'm good

 16:07 <gnuoy> excellent, thanks

 16:07 <gnuoy> #topic Weekly Updates & Questions for the QA Team (matsubara)

 16:07 <matsubara> gnuoy, nothing to report

 16:08 <gnuoy> tip top, ta

 16:08 <gnuoy> #topic Weekly Updates & Questions for the Kernel Team (smb, sforshee, arges)

 16:08 <arges> gnuoy: nothing to report from kernel team

 16:08 <arges> ..

 16:08 <gnuoy> anyone got anything to throw at the kernel team?

 16:08 <gnuoy> arges, ok, thanks

 16:08 <gnuoy> #topic Upcoming Call For Papers

 16:09 <gnuoy> Anyone calling for any papers?

 16:09 <gnuoy> #topic Ubuntu Server Team Events

 16:10 <gnuoy> Any noteworthy events on the horizon?

 16:10 <gnuoy> is noteworthy one word? I assume it is. rbasak would know

 16:10 <gnuoy> #topic Open Discussion

 16:11 <gnuoy> Platform is open for scattergun contributions

 16:11 <rbasak> I think it's one word.

 16:11 <gnuoy> ta

 16:12 <gnuoy> I'm going to close the open discussion unless anyone has anything to throw in?

 16:12 <gnuoy> #topic Announce next meeting date, time and chair

 16:12 <gnuoy> Same time next week with the ship in the safe hands of gaughen

 16:13 <gnuoy> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)