== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team, 16 Apr at 15:01 &mdash; 16:00 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2020/ubuntu-meeting.2020-04-16-15.01.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning rounds ===
The discussion about "Lightning rounds" started at 15:01.


=== Release incoming bugs ===
The discussion about "Release incoming bugs" started at 15:09.

  * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ff-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs 

=== Team proposed-migration report ===
The discussion about "Team proposed-migration report" started at 15:35.

  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs 

=== AOB ===
The discussion about "AOB" started at 15:50.

  * ''LINK:'' https://www.fastemoji.com/Search/?q=baton 
  * ''LINK:'' http://ppa.launchpad.net/xnox/nonvirt/ubuntu/dists/focal/main/ 



== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * bdmurray (49)
 * vorlon (42)
 * rbalint (25)
 * sil2100 (25)
 * xnox (23)
 * ubottu (17)
 * slyon (15)
 * tdaitx (11)
 * doko (8)
 * juliank (7)
 * waveform (7)
 * meetingology (3)



== Full Log ==


 15:01 <bdmurray> #startmeeting Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team

 15:01 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Apr 16 15:01:21 2020 UTC.  The chair is bdmurray. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 15:01 <meetingology> 

 15:01 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 15:01 <bdmurray> #topic Lightning rounds

 15:02 <bdmurray> echo $(shuf -e vorlon bdmurray xnox tdaitx doko sil2100 rbalint infinity mwhudson juliank waveform slyon)

 15:02 <bdmurray> mwhudson tdaitx vorlon sil2100 juliank infinity doko xnox waveform rbalint bdmurray slyon

 15:03 <tdaitx> * openjdk-8 (xenial, bionic, eoan, focal) and openjdk-11 (bionic, eoan, focal) security updates

 15:03 <tdaitx> - openjdk-11 required a few rebuilds and 2 additional patch backports to fix regressions

 15:03 <tdaitx> - all currently building in the openjdk security ppa

 15:03 <tdaitx> * openjdk-lts split stable/flaky tests

 15:03 <tdaitx> - got a heads up that getting rid of test artifacts in the jdk package is needed for reproducible builds

 15:03 <bdmurray> tdaitx:

 15:03 <tdaitx> - reviewed and tested how to achieve that with the split

 15:03 <tdaitx> - needs test whitelist working to prevent unexpected failures in autopkgtest runs (jtreg only really supports blacklist)

 15:03 <tdaitx> * xz-util ftbfs is caused by a debhelper change, tracked down packages changes and now working through the big diff

 15:03 <tdaitx> (done)

 15:03 <bdmurray> vorlon:

 15:03 <vorlon> * queue reviews for release

 15:03 <vorlon> * reviews of netplan schema changes

 15:04 <vorlon> (done)

 15:04 <sil2100> - Had a longer weekend

 15:04 <sil2100> - SRU reviews and releases

 15:04 <sil2100> - Release team work:

 15:04 <sil2100> * Queue reviews (a semi-shift during holidays too)

 15:04 <sil2100> * FFe reviews

 15:04 <sil2100> * Prepared release tracking document

 15:04 <sil2100> * Prepared achive opening tracking document

 15:04 <sil2100> * Poked mvo about updating DDTB data translations

 15:04 <sil2100> * Bumped dates in hwe-support-status, waiting for release

 15:04 <sil2100> - netplan:

 15:04 <sil2100> * Did more SR-IOV testing on actual hardware (remotely)

 15:04 <sil2100> * Per Lukases review, merged SR-IOV PR

 15:04 <sil2100> * Implemented a follow up SR-IOV change for adding explicit count of VFs

 15:04 <sil2100> * Released 0.99 on github, prepared Ubuntu packages, pushed to queue

 15:04 <sil2100> * Looked into how the NM 1.10 snap is built

 15:04 <sil2100> * Backlog cleanup

 15:05 <sil2100> * Discussions regarding NM netplan read-write plugin

 15:05 <sil2100> - Reviewed MPs for the server legacy rename, asked for feedback, deployed

 15:05 <sil2100> - Did some core18 reviews

 15:05 <sil2100> - Investigated why the langpack-o-matic instance was down, poked IS, now good

 15:05 <sil2100> - Updated the raspi JSON (apparently not good enough)

 15:05 <sil2100> - Reviewed Iain's britney MP for handling arches that are not tested

 15:05 <sil2100> - Finally created a raspi4 symlink for classic 18.04.4 images

 15:05 <sil2100> (done)

 15:05 <juliank> * short week due to easter (out Fri and Mon)

 15:05 <juliank> * resilient boot: fixed migration from /boot/efi to debconf

 15:05 <juliank> * resilient boot: fixed display of disk size and name

 15:05 <juliank> * software-properties: fixed Qt frontend driver stuff (LP: #1872551)

 15:05 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1872551 in software-properties (Ubuntu) "software-properties-qt: nvidia driver version switch fails" [Undecided,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1872551

 15:05 <juliank> * python-apt: 2.1.0 and 2.1.1 releases in unstable, dropping support for Python 2

 15:05 <juliank> (done)

 15:05 <doko> - openjdk-8, -11, -13, -14, -15 updates

 15:05 <doko> - bootstrapping the newer openjdk versions for riscv64

 15:05 <doko> - worked with upstream to address two regressions in the 11.0.7+b10 release

 15:05 <doko> - gcc-10 bug fixing, trying to make the nvidia offloading support working

 15:05 <doko> - trying to clean up component mismatches

 15:05 <doko> - some last minute uploads: base-files

 15:05 <doko> (done)

 15:06 <bdmurray> xnox:

 15:06 <xnox> renaming ubuntu-server in all the places

 15:06 <xnox> working on oem kernel install/removal in ubiquity

 15:06 <xnox> uc20 pi images => almost having the first arm64 build

 15:06 <xnox> subiquity reviews & fixes

 15:06 <xnox> Can i rename d-i images again to unbreak virt-install? https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/debian-installer/+bug/1872941

 15:06 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1872941 in Ubuntu on IBM z Systems "[Ubuntu 20.04] virt-install fails to detect path after images folder name has changed" [Critical,Triaged]

 15:06 <xnox> done

 15:06 <bdmurray> waveform:

 15:06 <waveform> * Testing images on as many Pis as possible; images are now functional again (after livecd-rootfs updates landed), but 4Gb USB issue still present until linux-raspi in -proposed lands

 15:06 <waveform> * Re-tested upgrades from Bionic and Eoan on variety of Pis; all working bar CM3 on arm64 (lack of space)

 15:06 <waveform> * Worked on NOOBS compatible boot setup

 15:06 <waveform> * u-boot-rpi MIR passed security review (LP: #1869792)

 15:06 <waveform> * Working on adding snap bug submission to apport (LP: #1861082)

 15:06 <waveform> * Wrote some more cloud-init posts and answered a few pi forum posts

 15:06 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1869792 in u-boot (Ubuntu) "[MIR] u-boot-rpi" [Undecided,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1869792

 15:06 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1861082 in snapd "ubuntu-bug doesn't know how to file bugs against snaps" [Medium,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1861082

 15:06 <waveform> (done)

 15:07 <rbalint> (short week due to holidays)

 15:07 <rbalint> * partner work

 15:07 <rbalint> * unattended-upgrades 2.3

 15:07 <rbalint> * systemd 245.4-4ubuntu1

 15:07 <rbalint> * glibc 2.31-0ubuntu9 (in ff-proposed)

 15:07 <rbalint> * bug gardening

 15:07 <rbalint> (done)

 15:07 <bdmurray> uploaded 18.04 SRU for LP: #1845690

 15:07 <bdmurray> SRU verification of the above bug too

 15:07 <bdmurray> review / approval of Ubuntu Bug Control application

 15:07 <bdmurray> uploaded terminator fixing LP: #1867746

 15:07 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1845690 in update-manager (Ubuntu Bionic) "Do not offer an upgrade from i386 systems" [High,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1845690

 15:07 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1867746 in Terminator "URL highlighting broken with VTE 0.60" [Critical,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1867746

 15:07 <bdmurray> discovered / worked around issue retracing some systemd crashes

 15:07 <bdmurray> uploaded apport-symptom for the installer LP: #1868161

 15:07 <bdmurray> investigation into not apport bug LP: #1774843

 15:07 <bdmurray> uploaded apport to focal w/ retracing fixes

 15:07 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1868161 in apport-symptoms (Ubuntu Focal) "symptom for installer" [High,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1868161

 15:07 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1774843 in python3.8 (Ubuntu Eoan) "apport python exception for python versions which python-apt is not built on" [Medium,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1774843

 15:07 <bdmurray> sponsored update-manager upload fixing LP: #1872958

 15:07 <bdmurray> deactivated 20.04 milestones that have passed

 15:07 <bdmurray> focal queue reviews

 15:07 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1872958 in update-manager (Ubuntu) "ubuntu-software keeps being replaced by snap-store" [Critical,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1872958

 15:07 <bdmurray> âœ” done

 15:08 <bdmurray> slyon:

 15:08 <slyon> - short week due to easter

 15:08 <slyon> - netplan PR review for SR-IOV explicit VF count

 15:08 <slyon> - working on netplan's NetworkManager read/write plugin

 15:08 <slyon> * IP6 Addr-Gen-Mode

 15:08 <slyon> * GSM/CDMA features

 15:08 <slyon> * dhcp-hostname

 15:08 <slyon> * fix WiFi/SSID handling

 15:08 <slyon> - investigated backporting of netplan plugin to NM v1.10

 15:08 <slyon> * does not seem to be feasible,

 15:08 <slyon> due to NM settings-plugin framework rewrite

 15:08 <slyon> - libnetplan & netplan.io v0.99 testing

 15:08 <slyon> * autopkgtests (integration) OK

 15:08 <slyon> * unit-tests (make check) OK

 15:08 <slyon> * manual testing ONGOING

 15:08 <slyon> (done)

 15:09 <bdmurray> #topic Release incoming bugs

 15:09 <bdmurray> bug 1872902

 15:09 <ubottu> bug 1872902 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu) "Upgrade to Focal now removes chrony" [Critical,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1872902

 15:09 <bdmurray> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ff-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 15:10 <rbalint> i took a look, but it is not trivial why it u-r-u does that

 15:10 <rbalint> +1 for taking it

 15:11 <bdmurray> Is it something we should sort out before release?

 15:11 <rbalint> would be really nice, but not a must i think

 15:12 <bdmurray> So for some reason this is u-r-u specific though correct?

 15:14 <bdmurray> We'll take it

 15:14 <bdmurray> bug 1872100

 15:14 <ubottu> bug 1872100 in update-manager (Ubuntu) ""The GRUB bootloader was previously installed to a disk that is no longer present..."" [Undecided,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1872100

 15:17 <bdmurray> I saw these messages when upgrading by autopkgtest systems the other day

 15:17 <bdmurray> juliank indicates this is a duplicate and will clean it up

 15:17 <juliank> duplicate of bug 1872077

 15:17 <ubottu> bug 1872077 in grub2 (Ubuntu Focal) "package grub-efi-amd64-signed 1.140+2.04-1ubuntu24 failed to install/upgrade with mount: /var/lib/grub/esp: special device /, does not exist" [Critical,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1872077

 15:17 <bdmurray> bug 1870930

 15:17 <ubottu> bug 1870930 in systemd (Ubuntu) "systemctl crashed with SIGSEGV" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1870930

 15:19 <bdmurray> rbalint: You had a look at this correct?

 15:19 <rbalint> +1 for taking it

 15:19 <rbalint> systemd master seems to have fixed it, i plan cherry-picking the fix

 15:19 <bdmurray> but as an SRU?

 15:19 <rbalint> when i get to which one is it :-)

 15:20 <rbalint> bdmurray, imo sru is ok, i only saw it with unityu

 15:20 <rbalint> unity session

 15:20 <bdmurray> bug 1871523

 15:20 <ubottu> bug 1871523 in ubiquity (Ubuntu Focal) "linux-modules-5.4.0-1002-oem installed after installing focal beta" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1871523

 15:22 <bdmurray> There is a livecd-rootfs change that will fix this and it is already targetted to focal

 15:22 <bdmurray> bug 1871538

 15:22 <ubottu> bug 1871538 in dbus (Ubuntu) "dbus timeout-ed during an upgrade, taking services down including gdm" [High,Incomplete] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1871538

 15:24 <bdmurray> I think we should work with the desktop team on this one

 15:24 <bdmurray> but lets card that

 15:25 <bdmurray> bug 1871800 and bug 1871801 are similar

 15:26 <ubottu> bug 1871800 in update-manager (Ubuntu) "update-manager translation is broken in embedded terminal" [Undecided,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1871800

 15:26 <ubottu> bug 1871801 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu) "ubuntu-release-upgrader translation is broken focal" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1871801

 15:28 <bdmurray> We think this is deliberate so that logging is English

 15:28 <bdmurray> But we'll look at doing it for 20.04.1

 15:31 <rbalint> i looked at fixing strace ftbfs, but it would be better to land the new upstream in sid because there are many fixes to pull/tests to mask

 15:31 <rbalint> it is quite late, in the cycle, but should i give it a try?

 15:32 <xnox> can i have new debhelper too?

 15:32 <rbalint> riscv64 without strace would not be great for debugging things

 15:32 * xnox hides

 15:32 <vorlon> >_<

 15:34 <vorlon> I'd certainly consider a new upstream of strace

 15:34 <xnox> or we can do strace SRU as hwe?

 15:34 <rbalint> vorlon, ok, i'll check the merge then

 15:35 <bdmurray> #topic Team proposed-migration report

 15:35 <bdmurray> #link http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs

 15:35 <vorlon> doxygen autopkgtest regression blocks gcc-9

 15:35 <vorlon> ... on i386

 15:35 <vorlon> that's interesting

 15:36 <vorlon> I'll take that

 15:36 <vorlon> libgd2 missing builds

 15:36 <vorlon> who wants to look at this?

 15:37 <vorlon> (doxygen was easy, just needs an --all-proposed retrigger)

 15:37 <vorlon> libgd2 is failing on riscv64

 15:37 <rbalint> iscd-dhcp needs a retrigger with new chrony, doing it

 15:37 <vorlon> and is somehow a regression

 15:37 <xnox> golang needs NEW AA processing

 15:38 <vorlon> don't know where y'all are jumping ahead to

 15:38 <vorlon> but there is no golang in NEW

 15:39 <vorlon> we should probably look at the ones < 3 days, since we don't get another chance at this before release

 15:40 <vorlon> but someone needs to take libgd2/riscv64

 15:40 <vorlon> volunteer? :)

 15:40 <vorlon> oh libgd2 looks like another case of building in security pocket

 15:40 <vorlon> so that just needs a no-change reupload to -proposed

 15:41 <vorlon> tdaitx: ^^ would you care to take care of that?

 15:41 <tdaitx> vorlon: ack

 15:42 <vorlon> openssl, looks like it just needs a retry w/ all-proposed, trying

 15:43 <vorlon> curl, needs someone to sift through these autopkgtest regressions, probably mostly just retries

 15:43 <vorlon> xnox: ^^ would you like this one?

 15:43 <rbalint> i have just retried a few

 15:44 <xnox> doko:  https://launchpad.net/ubuntu/focal/amd64/binutils-riscv64-linux-gnu

 15:44 <vorlon> and systemd failing on ppc64el, is this flakiness?

 15:44 <rbalint> vorlon, i retried, i suspect so

 15:44 <vorlon> ok

 15:45 <vorlon> rbalint: considering you the owner of this then

 15:45 <xnox> doko:  https://launchpad.net/ubuntu/focal/riscv64/binutils-riscv64-linux-gnu

 15:45 <vorlon> openjdk-lts, just waiting for test results

 15:46 <vorlon> python-launchpadlib, wasn't our upload and it regressed its own autopkgtests, so that's not a priority

 15:46 <vorlon> u-r-u autopkgtest failure on armhf - bdmurray ?

 15:46 <rbalint> vorlon, ack, carded it

 15:46 <tdaitx> vorlon: that openjdk-lts versions is missing a patch btw, doko is working on the update

 15:46 <vorlon> tdaitx: ok

 15:47 <doko> it's building in a ppa to save time

 15:47 <bdmurray> vorlon: that's a timeout

 15:47 <vorlon> bdmurray: will you follow it up?

 15:47 <vorlon> git vs mercurial on s390x, I can look at

 15:47 <bdmurray> yeah

 15:47 <vorlon> glib2.0 waiting for autopkgtests to run

 15:48 <vorlon> glibc has scattered autopkgtest regressions, I guess rbalint might already be on this

 15:48 <rbalint> vorlon, yes, on them

 15:48 <vorlon> golang-defaults, needs promotions, will be sorted shortly via c-m

 15:48 <rbalint> should not be real regressions

 15:48 <vorlon> and that's the list

 15:48 <vorlon> bdmurray:

 15:50 <bdmurray> #topic AOB

 15:50 <xnox> https://www.fastemoji.com/Search/?q=baton

 15:51 <bdmurray> ðŸ§¨

 15:52 <xnox> sil2100:

 15:52 <xnox> 15:04:43	<xnox>	http://ports.ubuntu.com/ubuntu-ports/dists/focal/main/installer-s390x/current/legacy-images/

 15:52 <xnox> 15:04:44	<xnox>	to

 15:52 <xnox> 15:04:53	<xnox>	http://ports.ubuntu.com/ubuntu-ports/dists/focal/main/legacy-installer-s390x/current/images/

 15:52 <xnox> is how frank proposed to rename it

 15:53 <sil2100> ok

 15:53 <xnox> such that it's legacy-installer-s390x/..../images, instead of installer-s390x/..../legacy-images/

 15:53 <vorlon> xnox: actually I wonder if that's going to break mirroring downstream

 15:53 <xnox> vorlon:  yeah

 15:54 <xnox> i fear that too

 15:54 <xnox> and like ftpmirror rsync --excludes etc

 15:55 <vorlon> because installer-$arch isn't even in InRelease

 15:55 <xnox> http://ppa.launchpad.net/xnox/nonvirt/ubuntu/dists/focal/main/

 15:59 <bdmurray> any thing else?

 15:59 <vorlon> nothing here

 16:00 <bdmurray> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)