== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status, 15 Sep at 14:30 &mdash; 14:57 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2020/ubuntu-meeting.2020-09-15-14.30.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Review of previous action items ===
The discussion about "Review of previous action items" started at 14:32.

  * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/probert/+bug/1890301 
  * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/germinate-output/ubuntu.groovy/_germinate_output 
  * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/extra-germinate-output 
  * ''LINK:'' https://code.launchpad.net/~paelzer/germinate/+git/germinate/+merge/390466 
  * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/germinate/+bug/1895011 

=== current component mismatches ===
The discussion about "current component mismatches" started at 14:36.

  * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg 
  * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg 

=== New MIRs ===
The discussion about "New MIRs" started at 14:40.

  * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=NEW&assignee_option=none&field.assignee=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir 
  * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/raspberrypi-userland/+bug/1895133 
  * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/rpi-eeprom/+bug/1895137 
  * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/ostree/+bug/1892454 

=== Incomplete bugs / questions ===
The discussion about "Incomplete bugs / questions" started at 14:44.

  * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir 
  * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/google-guest-agent/+bug/1891929 
  * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/golang-golang-x-oauth2/+bug/1894731 
  * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/pcsc-lite/+bug/1892559 
  * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/pcsc-lite/+bug/1892559/comments/7 + https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/pcsc-lite/+bug/1892559/comments/9

=== Any other business? ===
The discussion about "Any other business?" started at 14:55.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * cpaelzer (124)
 * didrocks (16)
 * sarnold (9)
 * ubottu (9)
 * doko_ (5)
 * meetingology (3)
 * didrocks999 (2)
 * rbalint (1)



== Full Log ==


 14:30 <cpaelzer> #startmeeting Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status

 14:30 <meetingology> Meeting started Tue Sep 15 14:30:17 2020 UTC.  The chair is cpaelzer. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 14:30 <meetingology> 

 14:30 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 14:30 <cpaelzer> ping to ddstreet (excused today) doko_ didrocks999 jamespage sarnold

 14:31 <sarnold> good morning

 14:32 <cpaelzer> hi sarnold

 14:32 <cpaelzer> let us get started and hope the others will join or already read

 14:32 <cpaelzer> #topic Review of previous action items

 14:33 <cpaelzer> I have had an action a few weeks ago that is partially resolved

 14:33 <cpaelzer> I wanted to look into some of the germinate for some false-positives

 14:33 <cpaelzer> ddstreet has taken one into a bug for probert back then

 14:33 <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/probert/+bug/1890301

 14:33 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1890301 in probert (Ubuntu Groovy) "component mismatch with probert-network" [Low,Fix committed]

 14:33 <cpaelzer> I ahve four updates to that

 14:34 <cpaelzer> #1

 14:34 <cpaelzer> The usual output of germinate was i386 only (very misleading)

 14:34 <cpaelzer> #link  https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/germinate-output/ubuntu.groovy/_germinate_output

 14:34 <cpaelzer> now this is running amd64 (thanks cjwatson)

 14:34 <cpaelzer> #2

 14:34 <cpaelzer> Furthermore the real truth is neither of these architectures, but the superset of all combined.

 14:34 <cpaelzer> Thanks to Laney we now have the germinate log of all of them at:

 14:34 <cpaelzer> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/extra-germinate-output

 14:34 <cpaelzer> With that we finally could explain probert-network.

 14:34 <cpaelzer> It had "probert-storage | probert" and the former isn't on i386

 14:34 <cpaelzer> So it selected the latter, but at the same time - on i386 - there is no probert-network.

 14:34 <cpaelzer> paride will fix up the seeds (thanks) for probert to have them do what we want

 14:34 <cpaelzer> ddstreet: so the bug will be fixed soon and also is finally fully understood

 14:34 <cpaelzer> and finally

 14:34 <sarnold> oh nice!

 14:34 <didrocks999> yeah, this all combined thing is always puzzling

 14:34 <cpaelzer> #3

 14:34 <cpaelzer> Germinate output was non reproducible

 14:34 <cpaelzer> Also it did not include architecture on the log messages which was misleading

 14:34 <cpaelzer> Once the following lands this will be good as well:

 14:34 <cpaelzer> #link https://code.launchpad.net/~paelzer/germinate/+git/germinate/+merge/390466

 14:35 <cpaelzer> so a few MPs to land and things will be even better

 14:35 <cpaelzer> finally one bug I had to file which is in germinate

 14:35 <cpaelzer> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/germinate/+bug/1895011

 14:35 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1895011 in germinate (Ubuntu) "virtual-packages do not pick a seeded package (ordering dependent)" [Undecided,New]

 14:35 <cpaelzer> that is what e.g. shows esmtp for now

 14:35 <cpaelzer> overall major steps forward

 14:35 <doko_> hi

 14:35 <cpaelzer> just wanted to keep you updated on the progress we made

 14:35 <cpaelzer> hi doko_

 14:36 <cpaelzer> I don't remember other open action items (other than assigned reviews)

 14:36 <cpaelzer> let us look at mismatches first as usual

 14:36 <cpaelzer> #topic current component mismatches

 14:36 <cpaelzer> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg

 14:36 <cpaelzer> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg

 14:36 <didrocks999> there is still gnome-software, but we’ll give a seed fix a try for this beforehand

 14:36 <cpaelzer> doko_: we have kept the lintian ->*perl* cases for you as usually you take them - would you this time as well?

 14:37 <cpaelzer> thanks didrocks999 for an update on that one

 14:37 <cpaelzer> esmtp I just mentioned to be a known fale positive

 14:37 <doko_> that's a big effort keeping it open for a few weeks ;p

 14:37 <cpaelzer> pi-bluetooth from raspi-common-seed - probably for waveform

 14:37 <cpaelzer> hehe

 14:38 <doko_> ok, will look at those

 14:38 <cpaelzer> doko_: can you check with waveform in the foundations meeting what the plan on this one (pi-bluetooth) is and let us know next week?

 14:38 <cpaelzer> the other two there have open MIRs we get to later

 14:38 <doko_> ok

 14:38 <cpaelzer> ipp, octavia, sqlalchemy, .. all known in progress

 14:38 <cpaelzer> as is shim-canonical

 14:39 <cpaelzer> didrocks: I guess you still couldn't agree with the kernel team for khronos-opencl?

 14:39 <didrocks> cpaelzer: didn’t hear from the management, despite several pings…

 14:39 <didrocks> kind of helpless, I’ll ping apw directly on this

 14:39 <cpaelzer> ok

 14:39 <cpaelzer> also google-guest is in mismatches-proposed that will be a topic later on when we talk about new&incomplete bugs

 14:40 <cpaelzer> ok that was mismatches, no further assignments out of those

 14:40 <cpaelzer> #topic New MIRs

 14:40 <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=NEW&assignee_option=none&field.assignee=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 14:40 <cpaelzer> Thee to assign people to

 14:40 <cpaelzer> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/raspberrypi-userland/+bug/1895133

 14:40 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1895133 in raspberrypi-userland (Ubuntu) "[MIR] libraspberrypi-bin libraspberrypi0" [Undecided,New]

 14:41 <cpaelzer> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/rpi-eeprom/+bug/1895137

 14:41 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1895137 in rpi-eeprom (Ubuntu) "[MIR] rpi-eeprom" [Undecided,New]

 14:41 <cpaelzer> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/ostree/+bug/1892454

 14:41 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1892454 in ostree (Ubuntu) "[MIR] libostree-1-1" [Medium,New]

 14:41 <cpaelzer> didrocks: the latter you looked at already

 14:41 <cpaelzer> that we set back to new and is from desktop'ish scope

 14:41 <cpaelzer> would you look at that (again)?

 14:41 <didrocks> cpaelzer: I pinged Robert to get the right team subscribed before looking at the MIR, the status was reverted without subcription :/

 14:41 * didrocks will handle it

 14:41 <cpaelzer> thanks

 14:42 <cpaelzer> rpi-eeprom I'd take - eeproms are always messy in some way and will be interesting

 14:42 <cpaelzer> raspberrypi-userland anyone?

 14:42 <cpaelzer> ddstreet: isn't here today so he can't say yes/no but I know he has one assignment left of those last week

 14:42 <cpaelzer> and will get to it once back

 14:43 <cpaelzer> doko_: and me already got tasks today

 14:43 <doko_> ok, I'll take it

 14:43 <cpaelzer> I know sarnold got some security reviews for google-agent which is  a topic to come

 14:43 <cpaelzer> ...

 14:43 <cpaelzer> really, ok

 14:43 <didrocks> I can have a look if you want

 14:43 <cpaelzer> I was trying to force jamespage to say yes

 14:43 <didrocks> ahah :)

 14:43 <cpaelzer> doko_: is the winner this time

 14:44 <cpaelzer> there will be more work didrocks :-)

 14:44 <didrocks> noooooooooooooooooo

 14:44 <didrocks> :)

 14:44 <sarnold> there is *always* more work :)

 14:44 <cpaelzer> doko_: I assigned you and me accordingly

 14:44 <cpaelzer> true sarnold

 14:44 <cpaelzer> ok that seems to be the new queue

 14:44 <cpaelzer> #topic Incomplete bugs / questions

 14:44 <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 14:45 <cpaelzer> two big blocks

 14:45 <cpaelzer> block #1 is

 14:45 <cpaelzer> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/google-guest-agent/+bug/1891929

 14:45 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1891929 in google-guest-agent (Ubuntu) "[MIR] google-guest-agent" [Undecided,Incomplete]

 14:45 <cpaelzer> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/golang-golang-x-oauth2/+bug/1894731

 14:45 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1894731 in golang-google-protobuf (Ubuntu) "[MIR] golang-*, Go build dependencies of google-guest-agent" [Undecided,Incomplete]

 14:45 <cpaelzer> first of all I really want to thank all of you for helping to churn through so many review tasks so quickly

 14:46 <cpaelzer> didrocks: ddstreet: in particular - thanks

 14:46 <cpaelzer> this case is now blocked on the following

 14:46 <cpaelzer> 7 are done for MIR - 5 of those on security now

 14:47 <cpaelzer> another 5 were parially reviewed but identified work for the foundations team and rbalint is aware of them

 14:47 <cpaelzer> the decisions if/how to handle these might be anywhere from

 14:47 <cpaelzer> a) cut down the current dependencies a bit

 14:47 <cpaelzer> to

 14:47 <cpaelzer> b) add another 20 tasks

 14:47 <cpaelzer> to c) stop the MIR entirely

 14:47 <didrocks> I think none of the 3 are tempting :p

 14:48 <didrocks> also, I bet upstream is testing with different versions of those libs than the archive

 14:48 <cpaelzer> we will close out the remaining assigned tasks which is 1x ddstreet

 14:48 <cpaelzer> didrocks: I have brought up the concern of testing across a different set of versions in my reviews and in feedback to the future owners of this stack

 14:49 <cpaelzer> we will not proactively burst through the other 20 packages unless rbalint / foundations asks us for it

 14:49 <cpaelzer> so for now we wait on their feedback

 14:49 <didrocks> agreed

 14:49 <cpaelzer> but as I said rbalint is aware, but I wanted to make sure you are all as well

 14:49 <didrocks> just for completleness, I think there is a d) (or you accounted that in a) ) which is vendoring

 14:49 <cpaelzer> yes

 14:49 <cpaelzer> the permanent go-curse

 14:49 <didrocks> yep :)

 14:50 <cpaelzer> second context to mention here is

 14:50 <cpaelzer> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/pcsc-lite/+bug/1892559

 14:50 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1892559 in pcsc-lite (Ubuntu) "[MIR] ccid libpam-pkcs1 libpcsc-perl opensc pcsc-tools pcsc-lite" [Undecided,Incomplete]

 14:50 <cpaelzer> opened by sarnold

 14:50 <cpaelzer> afaics security tries to reduce the number of required packages before going further - is that correct sarnold?

 14:50 <rbalint> thank you all for the work already done on the MIRs around google-guest-agent

 14:51 <cpaelzer> yw rbalint

 14:51 <cpaelzer> rbalint: just to be sure - you are ok that we go back from panic-mode to wait-for-feedback-mode on this one right?

 14:51 <sarnold> cpaelzer: I believe pcsc-tools and libpcsc-perl were removed, which helps quite a lot :)

 14:51 <cpaelzer> yes they were

 14:52 <cpaelzer> sarnold: pcsc-lite would need to be fulyl evaluated

 14:52 <cpaelzer> sarnold: it was in main without actual inspection in the far past

 14:52 <cpaelzer> I asked if you could take a look and if you agree add that properly

 14:53 <cpaelzer> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/pcsc-lite/+bug/1892559/comments/7 + https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/pcsc-lite/+bug/1892559/comments/9

 14:53 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1892559 in pcsc-lite (Ubuntu) "[MIR] ccid libpam-pkcs1 libpcsc-perl opensc pcsc-tools pcsc-lite" [Undecided,Incomplete]

 14:53 <cpaelzer> joy said you need it in comment #12

 14:53 <cpaelzer> so I think we should add it properly

 14:53 <sarnold> what does "add it properly" mean?

 14:54 <cpaelzer> means: do the pre-checks as when filing a MIR task and if all looks sane set the task back to new

 14:54 <sarnold> cpaelzer: aha! then I think I missed the 'set it back to new' then :)

 14:54 <sarnold> cpaelzer: I added the prechceks to the description in comment #3

 14:55 <cpaelzer> indeed

 14:55 <cpaelzer> let us set it back then and I'll assign myself to get you going there

 14:55 <sarnold> thanks

 14:55 <cpaelzer> ok that is it on incompletes

 14:55 <cpaelzer> #topic Any other business?

 14:56 <cpaelzer> that already was a lot of content

 14:56 <didrocks> that’s enough for me (FYI, ostree/libflatpak is definitively in the TODO list now for me)

 14:56 <cpaelzer> but a) this is the phase of the cycle it always is and b) I'm happy to see that the MIR team seems to work effectively (looking back people didn't always have the impression)

 14:56 <cpaelzer> yeah didrocks

 14:57 <didrocks> thanks for coordinating this effectively cpaelzer :)

 14:57 <sarnold> yes :)

 14:57 <cpaelzer> ok it seems we all hav ework :-) see you next week then

 14:57 <didrocks> see you!

 14:57 <cpaelzer> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)