== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status, 25 Aug at 14:31 &mdash; 14:59 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2020/ubuntu-meeting.2020-08-25-14.31.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Review of previous action items ===
The discussion about "Review of previous action items" started at 14:31.


=== Review of previous action items ===
The discussion about "Review of previous action items" started at 14:32.


=== current component mismatches ===
The discussion about "current component mismatches" started at 14:32.

  * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg 
  * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg 
  * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/germinate-output/ubuntu.groovy/all+extra 

=== New MIRs ===
The discussion about "New MIRs" started at 14:43.

  * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=NEW&assignee_option=none&field.assignee=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir 
  * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/pam-pkcs11/+bug/1892559 
  * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/libselinux/+bug/1892455 
  * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/malcontent/+bug/1892456 
  * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/flatpak/+bug/1812456 
  * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/ostree/+bug/1892454 

=== Incomplete bugs / questions ===
The discussion about "Incomplete bugs / questions" started at 14:54.

  * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir 

=== Any other business? ===
The discussion about "Any other business?" started at 14:55.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * cpaelzer (84)
 * sarnold (6)
 * ubottu (5)
 * didrocks1 (5)
 * meetingology (3)
 * ddstreet (2)
 * jamespage (1)



== Full Log ==


 14:31 <cpaelzer> #startmeeting Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status

 14:31 <meetingology> Meeting started Tue Aug 25 14:31:19 2020 UTC.  The chair is cpaelzer. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 14:31 <meetingology> 

 14:31 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 14:31 <jamespage> o/

 14:31 <cpaelzer> #topic Review of previous action items

 14:32 <sarnold> good morning

 14:32 <cpaelzer> #topic Review of previous action items

 14:32 <cpaelzer> old log had no actions http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2020/ubuntu-meeting.2020-08-18-14.31.moin.txt

 14:32 <cpaelzer> except a bunch of MIRs we assigned to us

 14:32 <cpaelzer> but that was true for most recent weeks

 14:32 <cpaelzer> #topic current component mismatches

 14:32 <cpaelzer> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg

 14:32 <cpaelzer> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg

 14:33 <cpaelzer> mostly usual suspects by now

 14:34 <cpaelzer> for kronos management will find the new owner

 14:34 <cpaelzer> paramiko, masakari are on jamespage still

 14:34 <cpaelzer> ...

 14:34 <cpaelzer> new are packagekit -> gnome-software

 14:34 <sarnold> hmm, does anyone know off-hand if sphinx-rtd-theme-common needs to be in main?

 14:35 <cpaelzer> that has an approved MIr already and should be re-promoted (gnome-software)

 14:35 <cpaelzer> ip-usb is mostly ready from the MIR team side, but waiting for security reviews

 14:35 <cpaelzer> now to sphinx that sarnold asked

 14:36 <didrocks1> cpaelzer: ipp-usb needs a new look for the new version, I can do it if you prefer

 14:37 <didrocks1> (new version with removed deps)

 14:37 <cpaelzer> I can do that didrocks1

 14:37 <cpaelzer> as I did the first round

 14:37 <didrocks1> ack

 14:39 <cpaelzer> sarnold: sphinx-rtd-theme isn't seeded directly

 14:39 <cpaelzer> sarnold: it has a long revdep list but nothing in there seems super important

 14:39 <cpaelzer> let us check germinate

 14:40 <cpaelzer> https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/germinate-output/ubuntu.groovy/all+extra

 14:40 <cpaelzer> python-openssl-doc

 14:41 <cpaelzer> Rescued from pyopenssl

 14:41 <cpaelzer> it seems to be an auto-promotion

 14:41 <cpaelzer> and yes it doesn't have to be there

 14:41 <cpaelzer> it needs an extra exclude

 14:41 <cpaelzer> I can handle that if you want

 14:42 <sarnold> hooray :)

 14:42 <cpaelzer> I think we are ok with the rest of mismatches for today

 14:42 <cpaelzer> after the golang explosion last week it feels so small

 14:43 <cpaelzer> and we have enough new MIRs to assign

 14:43 <cpaelzer> #topic New MIRs

 14:43 <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=NEW&assignee_option=none&field.assignee=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 14:43 <cpaelzer> let us start with this one by sarnold

 14:43 <cpaelzer> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/pam-pkcs11/+bug/1892559

 14:43 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1892559 in pcsc-tools (Ubuntu) "[MIR] ccid libpam-pkcs1 libpcsc-perl opensc pcsc-tools" [Undecided,New]

 14:43 <cpaelzer> 5 srouce packages

 14:43 <cpaelzer> source

 14:44 <cpaelzer> sarnold: what is the timeline on these ?

 14:44 <cpaelzer> completely done before 20.10 FF (in two days) ? :-P

 14:44 <sarnold> cpaelzer: as usual, the real goal is 22.04 but these are the sort of thing that ought tobe in a release or two beforehand to shake out what issues can be shaken out

 14:46 <cpaelzer> we have enough others left to assign to all of you, I'm ok taking these

 14:46 <cpaelzer> on 1892559 for me

 14:46 <cpaelzer> but it might take more than this week sarnold

 14:46 <cpaelzer> assigning myself

 14:46 <cpaelzer> next a bunch of things all related to flatpack

 14:46 <cpaelzer> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/libselinux/+bug/1892455

 14:46 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1892455 in libselinux (Ubuntu) "[MIR] libselinux1" [Medium,New]

 14:47 <cpaelzer> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/malcontent/+bug/1892456

 14:47 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1892456 in malcontent (Ubuntu) "[MIR] malcontent" [Medium,New]

 14:47 <cpaelzer> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/flatpak/+bug/1812456

 14:47 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1812456 in flatpak (Ubuntu) "[MIR] libflatpak0" [Medium,New]

 14:47 <cpaelzer> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/ostree/+bug/1892454

 14:47 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1892454 in ostree (Ubuntu) "[MIR] libostree-1-1" [Medium,New]

 14:47 <cpaelzer> sarnold: ddstreet: didrocks1: could I ask each of you to grab one and one of you to grab twice?

 14:47 <cpaelzer> please assign yourself on the bugs

 14:47 <cpaelzer> volunteers speak your chosen package please

 14:48 <cpaelzer> umm

 14:48 <cpaelzer> ok -1

 14:48 <cpaelzer> libselinux | 3.1-2            | groovy         | source

 14:48 <cpaelzer> this is in main already

 14:48 <cpaelzer> which sarnold already said on the bug

 14:48 <cpaelzer> let us mark it incomplete so it goes away

 14:48 <cpaelzer> done

 14:49 <cpaelzer> now it is fair, one for each of you

 14:49 <cpaelzer> jamespage: ^^ also feel free to grab one

 14:50 <didrocks1> I will discuss flatpak and ostree, but I doubt that would be a +1

 14:50 <didrocks1> weâ€™ll see

 14:51 <ddstreet> i can take malcontent

 14:51 <cpaelzer> ok please assign yourself on the bugs then

 14:53 <cpaelzer> ok

 14:54 <cpaelzer> NEW is now clear except the special case of oem-*

 14:54 <cpaelzer> #topic Incomplete bugs / questions

 14:54 <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 14:54 <cpaelzer> google-guest-agent ws reviewded by didrocks1

 14:54 <cpaelzer> and is waiting for input

 14:54 <cpaelzer> ok

 14:55 <cpaelzer> usbguard was confirmed to be revisited later

 14:55 <cpaelzer> those were the only recent updates

 14:55 <cpaelzer> we are good here

 14:55 <cpaelzer> #topic Any other business?

 14:55 <cpaelzer> I wanted to ask about recent MIR review assignings

 14:55 <cpaelzer> did everyone get to complete the old ones (not those we assigned today obviously) ?

 14:55 <cpaelzer> or are any still open?

 14:56 <sarnold> I haven't finished mine yet

 14:56 <cpaelzer> and you didn't get new ones today which is a match

 14:56 <cpaelzer> do you think you'll get to it until next weeks meeting?

 14:57 <sarnold> yes, I do, but I probably would have said that in the two previous meetings, too. :/

 14:57 <cpaelzer> ok, fingers crossed then

 14:57 <ddstreet> i haven't managed to get to mine yet, but i have time reserved this week to get it done

 14:57 <cpaelzer> anything else

 14:58 <cpaelzer> ok I hope this works out this week ddstreet

 14:59 <cpaelzer> well, then let us close this on time

 14:59 <cpaelzer> see you all

 14:59 <cpaelzer> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)