== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status, 31 Mar at 13:01 &mdash; 13:17 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2020/ubuntu-meeting.2020-03-31-13.01.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Review of previous action items ===
The discussion about "Review of previous action items" started at 13:01.


=== current component mismatches ===
The discussion about "current component mismatches" started at 13:04.

  * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg 
  * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg 
  * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/python-jwcrypto/+bug/1869215 

=== New MIRs ===
The discussion about "New MIRs" started at 13:08.

  * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=NEW&assignee_option=none&field.assignee=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir 
  * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/python-jwcrypto/+bug/1869215 as mentioned by jamespage is up for grabs

=== Incomplete bugs / questions ===
The discussion about "Incomplete bugs / questions" started at 13:11.

  * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir 
  * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/octavia/+bug/1864666 was punted to 20.10

=== Any other business? ===
The discussion about "Any other business?" started at 13:12.

  * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/realmd/+bug/1868154 
  * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/adcli/+bug/1868159 



== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * cpaelzer (57)
 * ddstreet (12)
 * jamespage (8)
 * ubottu (6)
 * doko (5)
 * meetingology (3)



== Full Log ==


 13:01 <cpaelzer> #startmeeting Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status

 13:01 <meetingology> Meeting started Tue Mar 31 13:01:15 2020 UTC.  The chair is cpaelzer. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 13:01 <meetingology> 

 13:01 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 13:01 <cpaelzer> #topic Review of previous action items

 13:01 <cpaelzer> the one thing I remember being open was that doko wanted to review (or discuss with sil2100) about https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/linux-firmware-raspi2/+bug/1867813

 13:01 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1867813 in linux-firmware-raspi2 (Ubuntu) "[MIR] linux-firmware-raspi2 to restricted" [High,New]

 13:01 <cpaelzer> I don't see an update on the bug

 13:02 <cpaelzer> doko: speak up if there are any update on this

 13:02 <cpaelzer> other than that we maybe should do the bug-assignment to you so that this is clear to everyone not reading the meeting logs

 13:02 <jamespage> o/

 13:02 <jamespage> sorry I'm a little late

 13:03 <cpaelzer> np

 13:03 <doko> cpaelzer: no, didn't touch yt

 13:03 <cpaelzer> ok, I updated the bug so it is clear

 13:03 <cpaelzer> you have another week for it (and another, ...) :-)

 13:04 <cpaelzer> Noth further open items I'd know of

 13:04 <cpaelzer> next topic would be the - today very interesting - component mismatches

 13:04 <cpaelzer> #topic current component mismatches

 13:04 <cpaelzer> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg

 13:04 <cpaelzer> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg

 13:05 <cpaelzer> This would be empty (what a nice picture this would be) if not for "Ubuntu.Focal supported-maas seed"

 13:05 <cpaelzer> this is due to https://git.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-core-dev/ubuntu-seeds/+git/platform/commit/?id=eaef590aa2868e98d67c114bbc655be1964ddf6f

 13:05 <jamespage> apport depends on terminator?

 13:05 <cpaelzer> jamespage: that is a bad alternative listing

 13:05 <jamespage> I was aware of the mismatch for websockify -> python-jwcrypto

 13:05 <jamespage> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/python-jwcrypto/+bug/1869215

 13:05 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1869215 in python-jwcrypto (Ubuntu) "[MIR] python-jwcrypto" [High,New]

 13:06 <cpaelzer> yeah jamespage that one comes later in the "new" cases

 13:06 <jamespage> mainly as I did the update and raised the MIR (I know it late)

 13:06 <jamespage> ok

 13:06 <cpaelzer> and apport was discussed last week

 13:06 <cpaelzer> yet it isn't clear who is driving this to a conclusion (fixing d/control in apport)

 13:06 <jamespage> so what do we need to discuss now about mismatches?

 13:06 <cpaelzer> the maas seed change

 13:06 <doko> foundations needs to talk with the MAAS team who will maintain these in the archive

 13:07 <cpaelzer> ok is that ongoing doko?

 13:07 <cpaelzer> there are even denied packages in this list (like ipmitool)

 13:07 <doko> these are used to build the maas snap, however the team doesn't feel responsible to maintain those :-(

 13:07 <cpaelzer> no good sportsmanship that is young padawan

 13:07 <doko> just skip those for now.

 13:08 <cpaelzer> doko: can we keep it as is and you'll let us know how the discussion continues?

 13:08 <cpaelzer> ok

 13:08 <doko> yes

 13:08 <cpaelzer> #topic New MIRs

 13:08 <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=NEW&assignee_option=none&field.assignee=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 13:08 <cpaelzer> I'm volunteering to take u-boot-rpi

 13:09 <cpaelzer> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/python-jwcrypto/+bug/1869215 as mentioned by jamespage is up for grabs

 13:09 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1869215 in python-jwcrypto (Ubuntu) "[MIR] python-jwcrypto" [High,New]

 13:09 <cpaelzer> anyone?

 13:09 <cpaelzer> this should be a rather easy python package

 13:10 <ddstreet> i can take it, i suppose

 13:10 <cpaelzer> since doko and I are currently assigned and jamespage filed it I'm looking towards didrocks / ddstreet for this

 13:10 <cpaelzer> ah

 13:10 <cpaelzer> thanks ddstreet

 13:10 <cpaelzer> assigned

 13:10 <cpaelzer> jamespage: I have to admit - milestone 20.03 is a bit intense for this

 13:11 <cpaelzer> given that tomorrow is 20.04 :-)

 13:11 <cpaelzer> #topic Incomplete bugs / questions

 13:11 <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 13:11 <cpaelzer> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/octavia/+bug/1864666 was punted to 20.10

 13:11 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1864666 in python-octavia-lib (Ubuntu) "[MIR] python-octavia-lib, ovn-octavia-provider" [Medium,Incomplete]

 13:11 <cpaelzer> nothing newer than that to work on

 13:11 <cpaelzer> unless anyone of you disagrees

 13:12 <cpaelzer> ok, silence means you are ok I guess :-)

 13:12 <cpaelzer> #topic Any other business?

 13:12 <ddstreet> yes,

 13:12 <ddstreet> i'd like review of my reviews, if possible, either now or later

 13:12 <ddstreet> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/realmd/+bug/1868154

 13:12 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1868154 in realmd (Ubuntu) "[MIR] realmd" [Medium,New]

 13:12 <ddstreet> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/adcli/+bug/1868159

 13:12 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1868159 in adcli (Ubuntu) "[MIR] adcli" [Medium,New]

 13:13 <cpaelzer> I can do those tomorrow morning or late today

 13:13 <cpaelzer> along u-boot-rpi

 13:13 <ddstreet> cpaelzer one thing i may have missed (thinking about it now) is MIR requires a team to accept ownership of the pkgs, correct?  I think that should be added to the TODO checklist

 13:13 <cpaelzer> I think it is in it

 13:14 <cpaelzer> TODO: - The package has a team bug subscriber

 13:14 <ddstreet> ah, i misinterpreted that then

 13:14 <ddstreet> as *any* bug subscriber

 13:14 <ddstreet> my bad

 13:14 <ddstreet> perhaps that could be clarified, i assume only a limited set of lp teams are acceptible there, not just any team, right?

 13:15 <ddstreet> anyway, we can discuss after you have time for a more detailed review

 13:15 <ddstreet> thanks

 13:17 <cpaelzer> ok I can do that in a query with you

 13:17 <cpaelzer> nothing else I guess?

 13:17 <cpaelzer> 10

 13:17 <cpaelzer> 5

 13:17 <cpaelzer> 3

 13:17 <cpaelzer> 2

 13:17 <cpaelzer> 1

 13:17 <cpaelzer> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)