== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status, 01 Dec at 15:31 &mdash; 15:53 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2020/ubuntu-meeting.2020-12-01-15.31.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== current component mismatches ===
The discussion about "current component mismatches" started at 15:33.

  * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg 
  * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg 
  * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/node-jquery/+bugs?field.searchtext=&orderby=-importance&search=Search&field.status%3Alist=NEW&field.status%3Alist=OPINION&field.status%3Alist=INVALID&field.status%3Alist=WONTFIX&field.status%3Alist=EXPIRED&field.status%3Alist=CONFIRMED&field.status%3Alist=TRIAGED&field.status%3Alist=INPROGRESS&field.status%3Alist=FIXCOMMITTED&field.status%3Alist=FIXRELEASED 

=== Any other business? ===
The discussion about "Any other business?" started at 15:48.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * cpaelzer (55)
 * sarnold (14)
 * doko (12)
 * meetingology (3)
 * didrocks999 (2)
 * ItzSwirlz (2)
 * ubottu (2)
 * ddstreet (1)



== Full Log ==


 15:31 <cpaelzer> #startmeeting Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status

 15:31 <meetingology> Meeting started Tue Dec  1 15:31:40 2020 UTC.  The chair is cpaelzer. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 15:31 <meetingology> 

 15:31 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 15:31 <cpaelzer> ddstreet: doko: sarnold: jamespage: didrocks999 - hi

 15:32 <ddstreet> o/

 15:32 <cpaelzer> we had no past weeks action items, so let us skip that

 15:32 <sarnold> good morning

 15:32 <cpaelzer> also no new MIRs in our inbox

 15:32 <didrocks999> hey

 15:32 <cpaelzer> nor are there recent updates to incomplete MIRs

 15:32 <cpaelzer> what has some content thou is component mismatches

 15:33 <cpaelzer> #topic current component mismatches

 15:33 <cpaelzer> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg

 15:33 <cpaelzer> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg

 15:33 <cpaelzer> doko: postgresql-13 is ready to migrate except for perl - I think this could be promoted now in hirsute

 15:34 <cpaelzer> doko: what do you think and coudl you do that?

 15:34 <cpaelzer> related bug (to post updates) is https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/postgresql-13/+bug/1902059

 15:34 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1902059 in postgresql-13 (Ubuntu) "[MIR] postgresql-13" [Undecided,Incomplete]

 15:35 * cpaelzer is waiting a bit to let this topic conclude before starting the next one we see in mismatches

 15:35 <doko> sure. will do. please note that we also need postgresql-12 for the perl transition, afaics

 15:35 <cpaelzer> doko: PG-12 is intended to be removed

 15:35 <cpaelzer> doko: hence we didn't care for it

 15:35 <cpaelzer> doko: it is already out of Debian testing

 15:35 <cpaelzer> but I didn't track how many reverse dept we'd have left

 15:36 <doko> yes, we can remove it after perl mirates ...

 15:36 <cpaelzer> doko: should I analyze and file a removal for hirsute ?

 15:36 <cpaelzer> oh ok, so perl can migrate without postgresql-12 being either removed or fixed then?

 15:36 <doko> let's discuss this later, not MIR stuff

 15:36 <cpaelzer> ok WFM

 15:37 <cpaelzer> next MIR topic node-jquery->sizzle

 15:37 <sarnold> how did node-jquery get into main?

 15:37 <cpaelzer> exactly

 15:37 <cpaelzer> it is unsubscribed http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/m-r-package-team-mapping.html

 15:37 <cpaelzer> and if I read https://launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/node-jquery/+publishinghistory correctly we'd have to ask vorlon

 15:37 <sarnold> I can't spot a bug

 15:37 <sarnold> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/node-jquery/+bugs?field.searchtext=&orderby=-importance&search=Search&field.status%3Alist=NEW&field.status%3Alist=OPINION&field.status%3Alist=INVALID&field.status%3Alist=WONTFIX&field.status%3Alist=EXPIRED&field.status%3Alist=CONFIRMED&field.status%3Alist=TRIAGED&field.status%3Alist=INPROGRESS&field.status%3Alist=FIXCOMMITTED&field.status%3Alist=FIXRELEASED

 15:37 <sarnold> &field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&assignee_option=any&field.assignee=&field.bug_reporter=&field.bug_commenter=&field.subscriber=&field.tag=&field.tags_combinator=ANY&field.status_upstream-empty-marker=1&field.has_cve.used=&field.omit_dupes.used=&field.omit_dupes=on&field.affects_me.used=&field.has_patch.used=&field.has_branches.used=&field

 15:37 <sarnold> .has_branches=on&field.has_no_branches.used=&field.has_no_branches=on&field.has_blueprints.used=&field.has_blueprints=on&field.has_no_blueprints.used=&field.has_no_blueprints=on

 15:37 <sarnold> wow

 15:38 <doko> in groovy

 15:39 <cpaelzer> it was promoted in groovy, but why is the question I guess (and once solved fixing up subscriptions to the pkg)

 15:39 <ItzSwirlz> having no bugs in a package thats been around for

 15:39 <ItzSwirlz> ~10 releases is kinda sus ngl

 15:39 <doko> anyway, I'll demote and see what breaks ...

 15:39 <cpaelzer> that is an option as well

 15:40 <sarnold> wfm :)

 15:40 <cpaelzer> if anything breaks you might ask vorlon in whatever the next foundation meeting is

 15:40 <cpaelzer> as he seems to have promoted it he might have extar context

 15:40 <cpaelzer> next mismatches are u-boot-menu and opensbi

 15:40 <cpaelzer> raspi related ?

 15:40 <sarnold> ItzSwirlz: especially since bugreporters surprisingly often just pick packages at random..

 15:41 <cpaelzer> or risc

 15:41 <cpaelzer> opensbi rings a risc bell to me

 15:43 <cpaelzer> commit 6e2571375f95c01bc26f912b1de20909b8f2e547

 15:43 <cpaelzer> Author: Dimitri John Ledkov <xnox@ubuntu.com>

 15:43 <cpaelzer> Date:   Wed Nov 25 13:37:08 2020 +0000

 15:43 <cpaelzer> supported-cloud: add RISC-V packages

 15:43 <sarnold> given how new the riscv platform is it feels very early to me to be bringing in a 'supervisory binary interface'

 15:43 <cpaelzer> xnox: will there be MIRs filed for these since you added them to the seeds?

 15:44 <cpaelzer> next is ruby-defaults -> rubygems

 15:44 <doko> sarnold: do we have a chance to go without it?

 15:44 <doko> rubygems was in precise in main ...

 15:45 <doko> isn't this some split-out?

 15:45 <cpaelzer> yeah and mostly removed rom everything else

 15:45 <cpaelzer> it was onyl coming back to hirsute - and in Debian also is only in unstable

 15:46 <cpaelzer> my ping to solve this would go to kanashiro but he's not aroudn this week

 15:46 <doko> however rubygems-integration was in main

 15:46 <cpaelzer> the question is "re-promote on the base of the old MIR" https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/gem2deb/+bug/894827 or do we need something else?

 15:46 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 894827 in rubygems (Ubuntu) "[MIR] gem2deb" [Undecided,Fix released]

 15:47 <cpaelzer> It also has ~25 test issues in excuses

 15:47 <cpaelzer> so it won't move to -release even if promoted

 15:47 <sarnold> ouch

 15:47 <doko> well, lets wait

 15:47 <cpaelzer> agreed

 15:48 <cpaelzer> xnox: you can answer later about opensbi and u-boot-menu when you see the ping

 15:48 <cpaelzer> that concludes todays component mismatch oddities

 15:48 <cpaelzer> #topic Any other business?

 15:49 <didrocks999> nothing for me

 15:49 <doko> sarnold: discount status?

 15:49 <sarnold> doko: no movement, sorry

 15:49 <doko> sarnold: if the security-team would join +1 maitenance, you would see the pain and extra work that this causes :-(

 15:51 <cpaelzer> in general security reviews seem rather stuck recently, I gues overload is happening

 15:51 <cpaelzer> or reviews just happen on a lot of things not related to ine ...

 15:51 <cpaelzer> mine

 15:51 <cpaelzer> sarnold: can you carry the pain-FYI to the Team so everone is aware?

 15:52 <sarnold> not, you're very right; due to losing several staff members we're heavily oversubscribed, 'tis the season to use unused PTO, and of course there's been glorious training modules to complete

 15:53 <sarnold> cpaelzer: yes

 15:53 <cpaelzer> thanks

 15:53 <cpaelzer> let us clsoe the meeting for today then

 15:53 <cpaelzer> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)