== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status, 23 Jun at 14:31 &mdash; 14:50 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2020/ubuntu-meeting.2020-06-23-14.31.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Review of previous action items ===
The discussion about "Review of previous action items" started at 14:31.


=== current component mismatches ===
The discussion about "current component mismatches" started at 14:32.

  * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg 
  * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg 
  * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/teckit/+bug/1803230 

=== New MIRs ===
The discussion about "New MIRs" started at 14:39.

  * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=NEW&assignee_option=none&field.assignee=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir 
  * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/libinih/+bug/1883890 

=== Incomplete bugs / questions ===
The discussion about "Incomplete bugs / questions" started at 14:46.

  * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir 

=== Any other business? ===
The discussion about "Any other business?" started at 14:46.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * cpaelzer (74)
 * seb128 (9)
 * didrocks (8)
 * doko (5)
 * sarnold (4)
 * ubottu (4)
 * ddstreet (4)
 * meetingology (3)
 * joeubuntu (1)
 * jamespage (1)



== Full Log ==


 14:31 <cpaelzer> #startmeeting Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status

 14:31 <meetingology> Meeting started Tue Jun 23 14:31:12 2020 UTC.  The chair is cpaelzer. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 14:31 <meetingology> 

 14:31 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 14:31 <cpaelzer> ddstreet: jamespage: doko: didrocks: sarnold: joeubuntu: - hi

 14:31 <ddstreet> o/

 14:31 <doko> hi

 14:31 <jamespage> o/

 14:31 <cpaelzer> did I miss anybody, I feel like I count one too few

 14:31 <cpaelzer> anyway lets get started, you poitn out in case I missed someone

 14:31 <cpaelzer> #topic Review of previous action items

 14:32 <joeubuntu> o/

 14:32 <cpaelzer> no actions of last week, so - done

 14:32 <cpaelzer> #topic current component mismatches

 14:32 <cpaelzer> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg

 14:32 <cpaelzer> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg

 14:32 <cpaelzer> Mostly usual suspects we know from last time - we still have:

 14:32 <cpaelzer> - jeepney for jamespage

 14:32 <cpaelzer> - uboot for waveform

 14:32 <cpaelzer> One actual new entry rsync -> xxhash

 14:32 <cpaelzer> Does anyone have context on this one?

 14:32 <cpaelzer> It was in main in D&E, so it mist have been pre-MIRed right?

 14:33 <cpaelzer> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/teckit/+bug/1803230

 14:33 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1803230 in xxhash (Ubuntu) "[MIR] teckit & xxhash, new rdeps of texlive-bin" [High,Incomplete]

 14:33 <cpaelzer> that included xxhash

 14:34 <didrocks> (hey)

 14:34 <cpaelzer> didrocks: is desktop still subscribed and if so are you ok re-promoting it under the old bug?

 14:34 <didrocks> cpaelzer: I can pass the message on, but being on holidays in a couple of hours, I canâ€™t sign up for tracking

 14:35 <doko> but apparently would need a new subscriber

 14:35 <doko> or another

 14:35 <didrocks> IIRC there has been some discussions about the whole tex stack

 14:35 <didrocks> like, not being very desktopish

 14:35 <cpaelzer> or the newly added dependency in rsync has to be dropped

 14:36 <didrocks> yeah

 14:36 <cpaelzer> didrocks: as a suggestion, would you mind passing this on to the desktop team so that next week someone else is here to answer if you would take it (again) or not?

 14:36 <didrocks> cpaelzer: sure, doing it

 14:36 <cpaelzer> ok - from there we can go on then

 14:36 <cpaelzer> thanks

 14:36 <doko> cpaelzer: the better solution is to subscribe server or foundations to it

 14:37 <sarnold> good morning

 14:37 <cpaelzer> doko: if we want to keep it in I agree, but more often than not in such cases it end up no team wanting to own it

 14:37 <cpaelzer> doko: but if you ask around and next week know if "you'd take it if desktop passes" then that would be ok as well

 14:39 <cpaelzer> doko: we can sort out next week who of us will take a look after the desktop team is back with a clear answer on their state of it

 14:39 <cpaelzer> #topic New MIRs

 14:39 <cpaelzer> this week we have a few

 14:39 <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=NEW&assignee_option=none&field.assignee=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 14:39 <cpaelzer> jeepney is known and in process by security

 14:40 <cpaelzer> totally new we seem to have

 14:40 <cpaelzer> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/libinih/+bug/1883890

 14:40 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1883890 in libinih (Ubuntu) "[MIR] libinih" [Undecided,New]

 14:40 <cpaelzer> a lib for "not invented here" nice

 14:41 <sarnold> :)

 14:41 <cpaelzer> further we have https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/libjcat/+bug/1884003

 14:41 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1884003 in libjcat (Ubuntu) "[MIR] libjcat" [Undecided,New]

 14:41 <cpaelzer> a security lib for fwupd

 14:41 <cpaelzer> and https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/fonts-teluguvijayam/+bug/1877134

 14:41 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1877134 in fonts-teluguvijayam (Ubuntu) "[MIR] fonts-teluguvijayam" [Undecided,New]

 14:41 <cpaelzer> those three need to be assigned

 14:41 <cpaelzer> I at least have a friedn speaking telugu in case we need to check the real font

 14:41 <cpaelzer> so I'd volunteer for the last one

 14:42 <cpaelzer> others for nig and jcat ?

 14:42 <cpaelzer> nih and jcat

 14:42 <cpaelzer> 3/3 fonts packages I looked at in the past where very awkward - I hop ethis one is better

 14:43 <ddstreet> i can volunteer for one of them

 14:43 <seb128> cpaelzer, note that the font got promoted already so I was unsure if the MIR was needed but I still filed it

 14:44 <cpaelzer> oh really, maybe it was MIRed in the past already then

 14:44 <cpaelzer> fonts-teluguvijayam | 1.0-3 | groovy          | source, all

 14:44 <cpaelzer> indeed seb128

 14:44 <cpaelzer> thanks

 14:44 <ddstreet> the 'libinih' name will probably confuse people, since upstart used 'libnih' which i believe is a totally different lib

 14:44 <sarnold> I haven't done a mir from the side of the mir team yet; libjcat feels likely to be a good, small, starting point

 14:44 <cpaelzer> it is INI parsing

 14:45 <cpaelzer> sarnold: if you want that would be great, otherwise I'll do it as my fonts package just got cancelled

 14:45 <cpaelzer> ddstreet: jcat for you then

 14:45 <cpaelzer> sarnold: and you let me know  if you run into any trouble

 14:45 <ddstreet> sounds good :)

 14:46 <cpaelzer> assigned

 14:46 <cpaelzer> #topic Incomplete bugs / questions

 14:46 <seb128> cpaelzer, no, it was not MIRed in the past

 14:46 <cpaelzer> Last update on incomplete bugs was on 2020-05-12, no need to bring this subtopic up in more detail

 14:46 <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 14:46 <cpaelzer> oh - interesting seb128

 14:46 <cpaelzer> lets continue that in the next topic then

 14:46 <cpaelzer> which is ...

 14:46 <cpaelzer> #topic Any other business?

 14:46 <cpaelzer> doko: do we have any tracking who promoted something and why?

 14:47 <cpaelzer> from the archive admin POV I mean?

 14:47 <cpaelzer> seb128: ^^ ?

 14:47 <didrocks> I think everyone can see this, no?

 14:47 <seb128> cpaelzer, https://launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/fonts-teluguvijayam/+publishinghistory

 14:47 <didrocks> in the publishing hist

 14:47 <doko> cpaelzer: see the publishing history

 14:47 <seb128> vorlon did it

 14:47 <seb128> but no reason recorded there though

 14:47 <seb128> so best to check with Steve

 14:48 <cpaelzer> well let me do the review then and either retrofit the Ack - or mention in case I don't agree

 14:48 <seb128> right

 14:48 <seb128> it made me wodner if there was an unstated policy that fonts don't need a MIR anymore

 14:48 <seb128> would be nice :)

 14:48 <cpaelzer> ok, this is on my plate to sort out then

 14:49 <cpaelzer> vorlon: ^^ in case you see this feel free to contact me as well if you have bonus info :-)

 14:49 <cpaelzer> we done with the meeting then, unless there is "other other business"

 14:49 <cpaelzer> is there ?

 14:49 <cpaelzer> ok we count out to 42 todady with Catalan numbers

 14:50 <cpaelzer> 1

 14:50 <cpaelzer> 1

 14:50 <cpaelzer> 2

 14:50 <cpaelzer> 5

 14:50 <cpaelzer> 14

 14:50 <cpaelzer> 42

 14:50 <cpaelzer> ok thanks everyone

 14:50 <sarnold> nice, thanks cpaelzer, all :)

 14:50 <cpaelzer> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)