== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team, 10 Dec at 16:03 &mdash; 17:00 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2020/ubuntu-meeting.2020-12-10-16.03.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning rounds ===
The discussion about "Lightning rounds" started at 16:03.


=== Release incoming bugs (groovy) ===
The discussion about "Release incoming bugs (groovy)" started at 16:12.

  * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-gg-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs 

=== Release incoming bugs (hirsute) ===
The discussion about "Release incoming bugs (hirsute)" started at 16:19.

  * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-hh-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs 
  * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-hh-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs 

=== Release incoming bugs (focal) ===
The discussion about "Release incoming bugs (focal)" started at 16:23.

  * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ff-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs 

=== Release incoming bugs (bionic) ===
The discussion about "Release incoming bugs (bionic)" started at 16:32.

  * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-bb-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs 

=== Team proposed-migration report ===
The discussion about "Team proposed-migration report" started at 16:36.

  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs 
  * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs 

=== AOB ===
The discussion about "AOB" started at 16:56.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * mclemenceau (64)
 * vorlon (39)
 * sil2100 (25)
 * ubottu (20)
 * xnox (15)
 * juliank (14)
 * slyon (14)
 * rbalint (13)
 * tdaitx (12)
 * waveform (11)
 * doko (10)
 * meetingology (3)



== Full Log ==


 16:03 <mclemenceau> #startmeeting Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team

 16:03 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Dec 10 16:03:34 2020 UTC.  The chair is mclemenceau. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:03 <meetingology> 

 16:03 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 16:03 <mclemenceau> #topic Lightning rounds

 16:04 <mclemenceau> echo $(shuf -e vorlon bdmurray xnox tdaitx doko sil2100 rbalint infinity mwhudson juliank waveform slyon)

 16:04 <mclemenceau> slyon vorlon bdmurray xnox mwhudson rbalint infinity sil2100 tdaitx juliank doko waveform

 16:04 <mclemenceau> slyon you won!

 16:04 <slyon> - Fixed pycurl vs IPv6 infra migration

 16:04 <slyon> - s390-tools SRU verification done (LP: #1865032)

 16:04 <slyon> - OVScon presentation about Netplan integration

 16:04 <slyon> - Town Hall

 16:04 <slyon> === Netplan ===

 16:04 <slyon> - Reviewed NetworkManager backend spec comments

 16:04 <slyon> - Prepared 0.101 release upstream and for hirsute

 16:04 <ubottu> Error: Could not gather data from Launchpad for bug #1865032 (https://launchpad.net/bugs/1865032). The error has been logged

 16:04 <slyon> * To include new DBus Config/Get/Set/Try features

 16:04 <slyon> * Fixing bug #1905156, bug #1904662, bug #1904633, bug #1860201, bug #1888726

 16:04 <slyon> - Setup build env & skeleton for new NetworkManager backend

 16:04 <slyon> * Working on implementation of fallback mechanism

 16:04 <slyon> (done)

 16:05 <ubottu> bug 1905156 in netplan.io (Ubuntu) "netplan KeyError with gretap in bridge" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1905156

 16:05 <ubottu> bug 1904662 in netplan "netplan apply fails to rename network interfaces without reboot" [Undecided,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1904662

 16:05 <ubottu> bug 1904633 in netplan "An error occurred: 'str' object has no attribute 'get'" [Undecided,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1904633

 16:05 <ubottu> bug 1860201 in netplan "Per route MTU?" [Undecided,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1860201

 16:05 <ubottu> bug 1888726 in netplan.io (Ubuntu Focal) "systemd-udevd regression: some renamed network interfaces stuck in "pending" state" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1888726

 16:05 <mclemenceau> thanks! vorlon you ready?

 16:05 <vorlon> * discussion with partner about removal of packages from the archive for license reasons

 16:05 <vorlon> * discussions around removal of aufs support from newer kernels

 16:05 <vorlon> * misc proposed-migration work

 16:05 <vorlon> * tomorrow is last day of work for the year for me

 16:05 <vorlon> (done)

 16:05 <mclemenceau> thx

 16:05 <mclemenceau> bdmurray is out

 16:06 <mclemenceau> rbalint, you ready?

 16:06 <rbalint> yes

 16:06 <mclemenceau> we'll wait for xnox to join.

 16:06 <rbalint> (short week due to holidays)

 16:07 <rbalint> * triaged LP: #1874310, but it needs discussion in the bug

 16:07 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1874310 in ubiquity (Ubuntu Groovy) "downloading and installing updates may result in stray packages installed" [Medium,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1874310

 16:07 <rbalint> * roll over +1 maintanance,

 16:07 <rbalint> * uploads via Debian: wireshark/3.4.0-0exp1 (in NEW)

 16:07 <rbalint> * uploaded glibc SRU regression fix to Bionic

 16:07 <rbalint> * preparing glibc update for Focal and Groovy to be landed soon

 16:07 <rbalint> (done)

 16:07 <mclemenceau> thx!

 16:07 <mclemenceau> sil2100, your turn

 16:07 <sil2100> - SRU reviews and releases

 16:07 <sil2100> - Appliance images in qcow2 format:

 16:07 <sil2100> * Modified the simplestream generation scripting to prepare the LXD metadata

 16:07 <sil2100> * Manually converted existing appliance images

 16:07 <sil2100> * Prepared changes in livecd-rootfs and ubuntu-cdimage to generate the qcow2 images (for amd64)

 16:07 <sil2100> - Addressed review feedback of the ubiquity ubuntu-drivers progress indicator MP

 16:07 <sil2100> * Fixed the spinner for Kubuntu installer while at it

 16:07 <sil2100> - Hint reviews

 16:07 <sil2100> - Reverting adcli and sssd SRUs from updates/security to -proposed due to a suspected regression

 16:07 <sil2100> - Working with STS to get the regression sorted out

 16:07 <sil2100> - Staffing discussions

 16:08 <sil2100> - Sponsoring the netplan.io 0.101 release for Lukas

 16:08 <sil2100> - Building candidate UC20 images

 16:08 <sil2100> - Fully-releasing core20 in candidate, poking Dimitri to start phasing in stable

 16:08 <sil2100> - Poking around the u-boot backport issues

 16:08 <sil2100> - Code reviews

 16:08 <sil2100> - System snaps meeting, discussing the NM read-write feature once again

 16:08 <sil2100> - Thinking about ESM britney

 16:08 <sil2100> - Validation of livecd-rootfs UC20 image size change SRU

 16:08 <sil2100> (done)

 16:08 <tdaitx> * getting jck to use lxd remotes and projects + moving scripts inside the snap

 16:08 <tdaitx> * tested the new jenkins agent in BOS

 16:08 <tdaitx> * quickly tested running a separate jck agent, config works but not optimal

 16:08 <tdaitx> * got snap store exception for openjdk-11-ri classic snap, openjdk-11-ri won't change and updates are required only for deb dependencies included in the snap

 16:08 <tdaitx> * investigated some openjdk - and related - bug reports (LP: #1904586, LP: #1905722, LP: #1905681)

 16:08 <tdaitx> * worked a bit on sonic-pi, autopkgtests run fine on debian ci, fails on ours

 16:08 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1904586 in openjdk-8 (Ubuntu) "Some SSL Client Certificates failing handshake" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1904586

 16:08 <tdaitx> - tried with longer buffer and and longer timeout, but still seeing some issues, as it is it fells like it is testing the vm performance instead of sonic-pi itself, should we hint it?

 16:08 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1905722 in openjdk-lts (Ubuntu) "java craches with SIGSEGV all the time (arm64)" [Undecided,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1905722

 16:08 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1905681 in tomcat9 (Ubuntu) "package tomcat9 9.0.31-1ubuntu0.1 failed to install/upgrade: installed tomcat9 package post-installation script subprocess returned error exit status 1" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1905681

 16:08 <tdaitx> - armhf fails with mem allocation

 16:08 <tdaitx> Other:

 16:08 <tdaitx> - will update openjdk 8/11 to latest beta next week

 16:08 <tdaitx> - out tomorrow & next friday

 16:08 <tdaitx> (done)

 16:08 <mclemenceau> thx!

 16:08 <mclemenceau> juliank

 16:08 <juliank> The APT and Python-APT and APTdaemon security updates are out!

 16:09 <juliank> We had two regressions in python-apt which we're fixing today / yesterday at 11pm

 16:09 <juliank> Some minor +1 maintenance, but almost nothing

 16:09 <juliank> Also released new APT release with more stuff than just security updates

 16:10 <juliank> That's all I have for now :)

 16:10 <mclemenceau> thx!

 16:10 <doko> - +1 maintenance

 16:10 <doko> - python3.9-only transition

 16:10 <doko> - still trying to build a gcc-11 for the test rebuild

 16:10 <doko> - binutils trunk update, leading to 2.36

 16:10 <doko> (done)

 16:10 <mclemenceau> thx

 16:10 <mclemenceau> xnox: you ready?

 16:10 <xnox> yes

 16:10 <xnox> riscv64 preinstalled & cloud-image boot in qemu & off-spi on unleashed board

 16:10 <xnox> fails booting off-sdcard on unleashed board, wgrant is helping to debug

 16:10 <xnox> grub - preparing patches to speed up netboot, support non-ethernet netboot, non-zero exit from grub, and minilzo security update. In progress.

 16:11 <xnox> working on MIRs / SRUs for riscv64 and related things

 16:11 <xnox> done

 16:11 <mclemenceau> ok, last waveform:

 16:11 <waveform> * Prior week (thanksgiving US)

 16:11 <waveform> * Attempted to replicate reported bluez failure on Pi 4 8GB (LP: #1903048); no success

 16:11 <waveform> * Worked on debugging Bluetooth on CM4 (workaround found for Ubuntu, no diagnosis on Raspbian yet)

 16:11 <waveform> * Worked on userland MIR (LP: #1895137); successful gpsd integration, just tidying up to finish

 16:11 <waveform> * Testing experimental tryboot firmware on all supported models and archs (all successful so far, just Compute Modules to go)

 16:11 <waveform> * Onboarding and Core 20 boot meetings

 16:11 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1903048 in bluez (Ubuntu Hirsute) "[SRU] Bluetooth won't activate on the pi 400" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1903048

 16:11 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1895137 in rpi-eeprom (Ubuntu) "[MIR] rpi-eeprom; raspberrypi-userland" [Undecided,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1895137

 16:11 <waveform> * Week off

 16:11 <waveform> * Re-investigated bluez failure on Pi 4 8GB - appears related to SD card presence (mmcnr device again being mis-identified as BT module) on USB booted device; still investigating

 16:11 <waveform> * Investigating u-boot -proposed failure on CM4 (LP: #1906552)

 16:11 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1906552 in u-boot (Ubuntu Focal) ""Synchronous Abort" handler and reboot loop on rpi" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1906552

 16:11 <waveform> (done)

 16:12 <mclemenceau> thx

 16:12 <mclemenceau> #topic Release incoming bugs (groovy)

 16:12 <mclemenceau> we'll start with groovy and move to hirsute next

 16:12 <mclemenceau> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-gg-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 16:13 <mclemenceau> hey doko, any luck/progress with LP#1890435

 16:13 <mclemenceau> bug 1890435

 16:13 <ubottu> bug 1890435 in gcc-10 (Ubuntu) "gcc-10 breaks on armhf (flaky): internal compiler error: Segmentation fault" [Critical,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1890435

 16:17 <doko> I'm inclined to give up on that. this doesn't look like a compiler problem, but a kvm problem

 16:18 <mclemenceau> ok, I would tend to agree on this.

 16:18 <mclemenceau> next bug 1902671

 16:18 <ubottu> bug 1902671 in ubiquity (Ubuntu) "First time setup on raspberry Pi" [Undecided,Incomplete] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1902671

 16:18 <mclemenceau> I don't think we got more details on this one

 16:18 <mclemenceau> since last week

 16:19 <sil2100> Yeah, no action for now

 16:19 <xnox> changed to notfixing

 16:19 <xnox> next

 16:19 <mclemenceau> +1 let's go see hirsute

 16:19 <mclemenceau> #topic Release incoming bugs (hirsute)

 16:19 <sil2100> I created a card to investigate to see what we see during oem-config raspi crashes

 16:19 <mclemenceau> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-hh-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 16:19 <sil2100> In the apport report

 16:20 <mclemenceau> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-hh-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 16:20 <mclemenceau> link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-hh-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 16:21 <mclemenceau> bug 1907228

 16:21 <ubottu> bug 1907228 in python-certbot-dns-rfc2136 (Ubuntu) "dnspython is outdated, causes other packages fail in tests" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1907228

 16:21 <xnox> #topic Release incoming bugs (focal)

 16:22 <mclemenceau> doko says it is fixed, so let's move to next one

 16:22 <mclemenceau> bug 1906078

 16:22 <ubottu> bug 1906078 in whoopsie (Ubuntu) "Whoopsie sends bug reports automatically without consent" [Undecided,Incomplete] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1906078

 16:23 <mclemenceau> Ok this one is alreaady carded and bdmurray has been working on it

 16:23 <mclemenceau> will remove the hh tag

 16:23 <mclemenceau> #topic Release incoming bugs (focal)

 16:23 <mclemenceau> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ff-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 16:24 <mclemenceau> bug 1906551

 16:24 <ubottu> bug 1906551 in u-boot (Ubuntu) "uc20 armhf image does not boot on rpi4-8GB" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1906551

 16:26 <mclemenceau> definitely should be carded, seems that it should be looked at

 16:26 <sil2100> Yes, thanks!

 16:27 <mclemenceau> ok carded. next

 16:27 <mclemenceau> bug 1898026

 16:27 <ubottu> bug 1898026 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu) "interruption of dist-upgrade can leave you next release in sources.list" [Undecided,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1898026

 16:27 <mclemenceau> I had a talk with bdmurray yesterday about that one

 16:32 <mclemenceau> We won't card it just yet

 16:32 <mclemenceau> let's go see bionic

 16:32 <mclemenceau> #topic Release incoming bugs (bionic)

 16:32 <mclemenceau> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-bb-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 16:33 <mclemenceau> quite a few, but the latest is from 11/23

 16:33 <mclemenceau> bug 1905245

 16:33 <ubottu> bug 1905245 in systemd (Ubuntu Focal) ""Failed to parse bus message: Invalid argument" with Linux 5.8" [Medium,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1905245

 16:33 <mclemenceau> I believe this one is under control and alreaady carded anyway

 16:35 <rbalint> i'm already working on the glibc one

 16:36 <xnox> or like it would be nice to sort by when tag was added (but that needs parsing the activity of each bug)

 16:36 <rbalint> +1

 16:36 <mclemenceau> Ok, let's move on, we'll go through the bionic queue later

 16:36 <mclemenceau> #topic Team proposed-migration report

 16:36 <mclemenceau> vorlon, you're on!

 16:37 <mclemenceau> #link http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs

 16:37 <vorlon> [LINK] https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs

 16:37 <vorlon> looking much healthier this week now that python3/perl/re2 have migrated

 16:37 <mclemenceau> wow 13! looking nice indeed

 16:37 <vorlon> fakeroot: bdmurray had this last week, will leave this with thim

 16:38 <vorlon> libmoo-perl vs libmongodb-perl

 16:39 <vorlon> anyone in particular want this?

 16:39 <slyon> vorlon: I can have a look

 16:39 <vorlon> slyon: thanks

 16:39 <vorlon> lintian... still blocked by MIR

 16:40 <vorlon> devscripts, autopkgtest regressions

 16:40 <vorlon> rbalint: would you like to take devscripts?

 16:40 <rbalint> sure

 16:42 <vorlon> ubuntu-meta: there's a component mismatch; I have no problem with moving these packages to restricted but there should be some resolution of the fact that this change to ubuntu-meta source means any of the metapackages could end up with a restricted dependency without feedback

 16:42 <vorlon> I'll take ubuntu-meta to follow up on the component mismatch at least

 16:42 <sil2100> vorlon: o/

 16:42 <vorlon> adduser, various autopkgtest regressions evident

 16:43 <vorlon> xnox: adduser?

 16:44 <vorlon> aptdaemon blocking xorg-server; flaky test, sometimes it runs in 9 minutes and sometimes it times out

 16:44 <vorlon> juliank: is this anything you would want to look at?

 16:45 <xnox> vorlon:  yes adduser on me.

 16:45 <juliank> haven't we gone over this a bunch of times by now?

 16:45 <juliank> I'm sure I said to force-badtest aptdaemon/armhf/all months ago

 16:46 <rbalint> i'm thinking about an IRC-> hints merge gateway :-)

 16:46 <vorlon> juliank: can you say it again somewhere the release team will pick up on it? (#ubuntu-release or an MP)

 16:46 <juliank> committer: Steve Langasek <steve.langasek@canonical.com>

 16:46 <juliank> branch nick: hints-ubuntu

 16:46 <juliank> timestamp: Thu 2020-07-23 08:45:18 -0700

 16:46 <juliank> message:

 16:46 <juliank> badtest aptdaemon/armhf

 16:47 <vorlon> juliank: ok, the hint got dropped because it was version-specific and the version in question was superseded by the next flaky version passing

 16:47 <juliank> seems it was removed again

 16:47 <vorlon> so, baseline testing

 16:47 <vorlon> would make this go away

 16:47 <vorlon> I will readd the hint

 16:48 <vorlon> node-jquery

 16:48 <vorlon> juliank: can you take this one?

 16:49 <juliank> I can try my best!

 16:49 <vorlon> pcre2, missing builds on most archs

 16:49 <vorlon> doko: can you look at pcre2?

 16:52 <doko> ok

 16:52 <vorlon> python3.8 is fun, I'm not sure why this only fails on ppc64el given that the autopkgtest code has a 'FIXME' that has failed to be commented out

 16:53 <vorlon> doko: do you want to take python3.8 too?  I could add an Ubuntu delta but it might be quicker for you to fix it upstream

 16:53 <doko> ok

 16:53 <vorlon> oh, but I'm looking at the wrong test result - this is about the release python3.8 blocking sqlite3

 16:53 <doko> will wait for 3.8.7 final, then remove it

 16:53 <vorlon> I'll take sqlite3

 16:54 <doko> well, then just hint it, i's not depending on 3.8 anymore

 16:54 <vorlon> sqlite3 has other blockers, I'll follow through

 16:54 <vorlon> coreutils regresses firefox, ok that's fun

 16:55 <xnox> just vendorize coreutils in firefox

 16:55 <vorlon> sil2100: do you want to look at this?

 16:55 <xnox> silence means acceptance

 16:56 <vorlon> and then gcc-10 is just waiting for test results

 16:56 <vorlon> so that's the list

 16:56 <mclemenceau> awesome! thx vorlon

 16:56 <mclemenceau> #topic AOB

 16:57 <mclemenceau> holidays are coming, who is here next Thursday?

 16:57 <xnox> Chistmas!

 16:57 <xnox> not i

 16:57 <waveform> I'll be around

 16:57 <vorlon> not me

 16:57 <rbalint> i'll be

 16:57 <mclemenceau> ðŸŽ„

 16:57 <slyon> I am

 16:58 <mclemenceau> I'll be there, till the end :)

 16:59 <mclemenceau> Ok Thanks everyone then! Happy Holidays to those who won't be there next week!

 17:00 <mclemenceau> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)