== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status, 01 Sep at 14:30 &mdash; 14:50 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2020/ubuntu-meeting.2020-09-01-14.30.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Review of previous action items ===
The discussion about "Review of previous action items" started at 14:30.


=== current component mismatches ===
The discussion about "current component mismatches" started at 14:30.

  * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg 
  * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg 
  * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/python-invoke/+bug/1892875 

=== New MIRs ===
The discussion about "New MIRs" started at 14:42.


=== Incomplete bugs / questions ===
The discussion about "Incomplete bugs / questions" started at 14:43.

  * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir 

=== Any other business? ===
The discussion about "Any other business?" started at 14:44.

  * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/libinih/+bug/1883890 ?



== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * cpaelzer (65)
 * jamespage (12)
 * sarnold (10)
 * ubottu (5)
 * didrocks (4)
 * meetingology (3)
 * ddstreet (3)



== Full Log ==


 14:30 <cpaelzer> #startmeeting Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status

 14:30 <meetingology> Meeting started Tue Sep  1 14:30:18 2020 UTC.  The chair is cpaelzer. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 14:30 <meetingology> 

 14:30 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 14:30 <cpaelzer> #topic Review of previous action items

 14:30 <ddstreet> o/

 14:30 <cpaelzer> well we had no individual items (but plenty of bugs) so next subtopic ...

 14:30 <cpaelzer> #topic current component mismatches

 14:30 <cpaelzer> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg

 14:30 <cpaelzer> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg

 14:31 <cpaelzer> there is a bunch of lintian->perl dependencies that usually doko handles directly

 14:31 <cpaelzer> there also is a slightly simpified process for them that vorlon mentioned - we should be ok to wait for doko to come back

 14:31 <cpaelzer> the rest is all known cases

 14:31 <cpaelzer> and many on a good way to resolve

 14:32 <cpaelzer> the two open categories IMHO are the set of jamespage paramiko/masakari - any updates on that jamespage?

 14:32 <cpaelzer> and the sorting of responsibilities on khronos-opencl-clhpp - didrocks did you have any success passing that to the kernel team?

 14:33 <sarnold> good morning

 14:34 <cpaelzer> hi ddstreet and sarnold

 14:34 <ddstreet> hello

 14:35 <jamespage> o/

 14:35 <didrocks> cpaelzer: still blocked on management level

 14:35 <jamespage> apologies late

 14:35 <didrocks> didnâ€™t get any news :/

 14:35 <cpaelzer> ok didrocks

 14:35 <cpaelzer> jamespage: no problem, do you have an update what/when to expect on the packages I mentioned?

 14:36 <jamespage> masakari depends is with the security team to review

 14:36 <jamespage> (included crypto stuff)

 14:36 <jamespage> I thought coreycb or icey had raised an MIR for python-invoke - I'll chase

 14:36 <cpaelzer> that would be https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/python-sqlalchemy-utils/+bug/1543641 then

 14:36 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1543641 in python-sqlalchemy-utils (Ubuntu) "[MIR] python-sqlalchemy-utils" [Undecided,New]

 14:37 <jamespage> yep

 14:37 <jamespage> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/python-invoke/+bug/1892875

 14:37 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1892875 in python-invoke (Ubuntu) "[MIR] python-invoke" [Undecided,New]

 14:37 <cpaelzer> I have not seen a MIR for python-invoke

 14:37 <jamespage> is the invoike bug

 14:37 <cpaelzer> hmm, why isn't this showing up

 14:37 <sarnold> not subscribed?

 14:37 <jamespage> is now

 14:37 <cpaelzer> yep

 14:37 <jamespage> but yes that was the problem

 14:37 <cpaelzer> ok now it needs a reviewer

 14:37 <jamespage> I said Id take that

 14:37 <cpaelzer> great

 14:38 <cpaelzer> I'll assign you to make that clear

 14:38 <jamespage> done

 14:38 <cpaelzer> and it will be showing in mismatches that there is a bug

 14:38 <cpaelzer> great

 14:38 <cpaelzer> didrocks: you had AA powers right?

 14:38 <cpaelzer> one more in component mismatch - libubootenv was resolved everything on https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/libubootenv/+bug/1885142 is in place - just waits for an AA to promote

 14:38 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1885142 in libubootenv (Ubuntu) "[MIR] libubootenv-tool, libubootenv0.1" [Undecided,Fix committed]

 14:38 <didrocks> yep!

 14:38 <didrocks> will do

 14:38 <cpaelzer> great

 14:39 <cpaelzer> the last thing I find puzzling in mismatches is https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/gnome-software/+bug/1536870

 14:39 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1536870 in gnome-software (Ubuntu) "[MIR] gnome-software" [Undecided,Fix released]

 14:39 <cpaelzer> re-promotion or does it show up due to an accident?

 14:40 <cpaelzer> gnome-software | 3.36.1-2ubuntu2                                     | groovy/universe | source, amd64, arm64, armhf, ppc64el, riscv64, s390x

 14:40 <cpaelzer> that is a desktop question so didrocks ^^ ?

 14:42 <cpaelzer> leaving that for later and going on :-)

 14:42 <cpaelzer> #topic New MIRs

 14:43 <cpaelzer> we can skip that as there are none except oem packages

 14:43 <cpaelzer> #topic Incomplete bugs / questions

 14:43 <sarnold> \o/

 14:43 <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 14:43 <cpaelzer> we see plenty of cases that the MIR Team members handled last week

 14:43 <cpaelzer> ostress/fltapack I've seen didrocks and google-guets-agent as well

 14:44 <cpaelzer> the ccid and others (6 overall) I handled yesterday

 14:44 <cpaelzer> so many of our past MIR review assignments are done, let us check what is open in the next topic

 14:44 <cpaelzer> #topic Any other business?

 14:44 <cpaelzer> which of the assigned MIR reviews are still up?

 14:45 <ddstreet> i still have malcontent, assigned last week, i should get to it this week

 14:45 <cpaelzer> doko still has mdevctl

 14:45 <cpaelzer> since he was out that is no surprise

 14:46 <cpaelzer> but he hopefully gets to it soon once fulyl back

 14:46 <cpaelzer> sarnold: what was it you had open?

 14:46 <cpaelzer> was that done now?

 14:46 <cpaelzer> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/libinih/+bug/1883890 ?

 14:46 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1883890 in libinih (Ubuntu) "[MIR] libinih" [Undecided,New]

 14:46 <sarnold> I had libinih, it's done for my part

 14:47 <sarnold> well

 14:47 <cpaelzer> great so not a lot of blocking on us

 14:47 <sarnold> I did have a few open questoins :) how does one determine built-using?

 14:47 <cpaelzer> sarnold: it is in the package meta info

 14:47 <sarnold> and I thought it needed a list of which specific binaries to promote

 14:48 <sarnold> cpaelzer: is that in the source package? or launchpad?

 14:48 <cpaelzer> ddstreet: just a day ago landed the "list of binaries to promote" change with me and it is in my git and the official Wiki review template

 14:48 <cpaelzer> sarnold: you just run apt-cache show <pkg> on it

 14:48 <cpaelzer> which lists the built-using

 14:48 <cpaelzer> BTW a not on that, it seems Debian will switch it to some X-* field sometime down the road

 14:48 <cpaelzer> as Built-using is overloaded with too many different meanings

 14:49 <cpaelzer> ruby or rust (not sure which) already uses a different field

 14:49 <cpaelzer> and go might at some point as well

 14:49 <sarnold> oh sheesh :)

 14:49 <cpaelzer> so keep your eyes open when checking that an empty Buitl-using is unlikely to be true

 14:49 <sarnold> well, I guess it's better to get 'specific use' sorted out sooner rather than letting it fester for decades

 14:49 <cpaelzer> sarnold: you might pass that to the seucirty Team as well

 14:49 <cpaelzer> just to be sure your scanners&tooling will adapt as needed

 14:50 <cpaelzer> but so far nothing happened, just intentions that were mentioned

 14:50 <cpaelzer> ok I'd close the meeting here for the week

 14:50 <cpaelzer> unless there is anything else - happy reviewing

 14:50 <cpaelzer> see you all

 14:50 <cpaelzer> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)