== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting: Community Council regular meeting, 16 Dec at 23:14 &mdash; 00:11 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2020/ubuntu-meeting.2020-12-16-23.14.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Old business ===
The discussion about "Old business" started at 23:15.

 * '''Technical Board elections''' (23:16)
  * ''ACTION:'' teward to post to list about observations from Technical Board nominations

=== Membership Board ===
The discussion about "Membership Board" started at 23:24.


=== Discourse ===
The discussion about "Discourse" started at 23:25.

  * ''LINK:'' https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/governance/332 
  * ''LINK:'' https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/community-structure/331 
  * ''ACTION:'' wxl to ask popey if it's ok to move Community Structure & Governance posts from Documentation/Community category on Discourse to Community Council/Documentation

=== Local Communities Committee ===
The discussion about "Local Communities Committee" started at 23:31.

  * ''Vote:'' Can current Community Council members be part of the LCRC? (Denied)
  * ''ACTION:'' toddy to put LCRC proposal draft in our documentation
  * ''ACTION:'' toddy to create call for nominations for LCRC linking to the proposal draft in our documentation

=== any other business? ===
The discussion about "any other business?" started at 00:03.




== Vote results ==

 * [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2020/ubuntu-meeting.2020-12-16-23.14.log.html#185 Can current Community Council members be part of the LCRC?]]
  * Motion carried (For/Against/Abstained 2/4/0)
   *  Voters jose, linaporras, toddy, Eickmeyer, wxl, teward



== Action items, by person ==

 * teward
  * teward to post to list about observations from Technical Board nominations
 * toddy
  * toddy to put LCRC proposal draft in our documentation
  * toddy to create call for nominations for LCRC linking to the proposal draft in our documentation
 * wxl
  * wxl to ask popey if it's ok to move Community Structure & Governance posts from Documentation/Community category on Discourse to Community Council/Documentation



== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * wxl (119)
 * jose (98)
 * linaporras (42)
 * Eickmeyer (28)
 * teward (25)
 * toddy (24)
 * meetingology (21)
 * nhaines (7)
 * sarnold (2)
 * Bashing-om (2)



== Full Log ==


 23:14 <wxl> #startmeeting Community Council regular meeting

 23:14 <meetingology> Meeting started Wed Dec 16 23:14:13 2020 UTC.  The chair is wxl. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 23:14 <meetingology> 

 23:14 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 23:14 <teward> or wxl can since they said they would

 23:14 <Eickmeyer> I'm ok with that. I'm not in any hurry.

 23:14 <wxl> #meetingtopic Old business

 23:14 <wxl> oh jeez

 23:14 <wxl> i got to figure out how to work this thing :(

 23:14 <jose> just topic :)

 23:15 <wxl> #meeting Community Council regular meeting

 23:15 <wxl> ugh

 23:15 <wxl> #meetingtopic Community Council regular meeting

 23:15 <wxl> #topic Old business

 23:15 <wxl> FINALLY

 23:15 <wxl> ok so what old business do we have to deal with?

 23:15 <teward> TB stuff for one

 23:16 <teward> thats "in the works" - on jose and Mark atm

 23:16 <wxl> #subtopic Technical Board elections

 23:16 <jose> currently waiting on Mark to confirm the shortlist

 23:16 <teward> gonna make an observation tho

 23:16 <teward> not many people felt they were up for the task

 23:17 <wxl> i didn't look at the list. saw lots of recognizable names coming through. did we get enough folks?

 23:17 <Eickmeyer> I think we did.

 23:17 <jose> we did get just enough

 23:17 <teward> only after I put sil's name in

 23:17 <Eickmeyer> Yeah. Honestly, I feel pretty good about the list.

 23:17 <teward> with their permission.  I woild have tossed in my hat but jose told me to stay homr

 23:17 <linaporras> :)

 23:17 <teward> home*

 23:17 <jose> I feel very strongly about the list too. Just need to get Mark's confirmation.

 23:17 <Eickmeyer> I agree, too many hats can be problematic.

 23:17 <wxl> sooooo teward: elaborate‚Äî do you see some sort of problem that there were so few nominations?

 23:18 <wxl> i'm not surprised by it

 23:18 <jose> we received 4, and looked for some extra people, got that final one

 23:18 <teward> typing from phone patience pls

 23:19 <teward> one of the major concerns was "oh i am not sure i am qualified" - sil and others had that opinion privately.  Other things is i think people have a misunderstanding of what the TB does or want to see it take a different direction (that was Laney's summarized opinion)

 23:19 <wxl> i suspect we don't have enough time to run the election to finish by end of year if we don't get the shortlist rather quick

 23:20 <teward> i will put together the concerns and ML them to us all

 23:20 <wxl> sil didn't think they were qualified?????

 23:20 <teward> they were on the fence.  After talkling to sil they reassessed

 23:20 <teward> they were more unsure than not

 23:20 <teward> sil is one of the most qualified IMO as are the others on the list so far

 23:21 <teward> (brb, need an ice pack)

 23:21 <jose> considering it's a just a confirmation vote, voting would be open for a week, so I think we might be able to make it by EOY

 23:21 <wxl> well i guess that sort of cautious behavior is the sort of thing we'd want in a tb member rather than just rushing things through

 23:21 <teward> yup

 23:21 <linaporras> +1

 23:21 <wxl> jose: are you planning on meeting with mark in the near future that you could bug him?

 23:21 <jose> right now, we're dependent on Mark's response, and he did want to get it done before the holidays

 23:21 <jose> I did reach out to him directly via IM :)

 23:22 <teward> #AIM_IS_DEAD jose ;)

 23:22 <jose> and I did message on Monday and again today

 23:22 <wxl> ok well i guess we'll just hope for the best

 23:22 <jose> not America On Line's, but other more modern solution

 23:22 <teward> wxl: if push comes to shove i'll extend existing TB through 2 weeks of Jan. until we get the meeting

 23:23 <teward> s/meeting/election/

 23:23 <jose> I have a good feeling about this.

 23:23 <wxl> okie dokie

 23:23 <Eickmeyer> I do too.

 23:23 <wxl> #action teward to post to list about observations from Technical Board nominations

 23:23 * meetingology teward to post to list about observations from Technical Board nominations

 23:23 <wxl> i suspect we're done with that

 23:24 <wxl> #topic Membership Board

 23:24 <wxl> we've got our new membership board installed (yay)

 23:24 <Eickmeyer> \o/

 23:24 <toddy> fine

 23:25 <linaporras> üëç

 23:25 <wxl> i don't think there's much else to say about that but we can acknowledge our success :)

 23:25 <Eickmeyer> Yup. Nothing wrong with a little celebration.

 23:25 <toddy> :)

 23:25 <wxl> ok next

 23:25 <wxl> #topic Discourse

 23:25 <Eickmeyer> Oof, discourse. :/

 23:25 <wxl> yeah well we have good news

 23:25 <linaporras> :o :o

 23:26 <Eickmeyer> Oh?

 23:26 <wxl> that being that there are now two new subtopics in the CC category

 23:26 <linaporras> üôÄ

 23:26 <wxl> that being "Documentation" and "Meetings"

 23:26 <wxl> so now it should be easier to find things

 23:26 <toddy> looks good

 23:26 <Eickmeyer> Sweet.

 23:26 <wxl> so generally i think we have everything we were looking for there

 23:27 <wxl> there was one piece of documentation i thought might be better suited in our area

 23:27 <wxl> oh two actually

 23:27 <wxl> https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/governance/332

 23:27 <wxl> https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/community-structure/331

 23:28 <Eickmeyer> Indeed.

 23:28 <wxl> those are the only two things in the community subcategory of the documentation category

 23:28 <wxl> should i ask someone for permission before moving things?

 23:28 <jose> I feel like, after we wind down with restaffing, we're going to be able to put stuff in there

 23:28 <jose> I would say ask the owner

 23:28 <jose> and if you don't get a response in a couple days, move it

 23:28 <wxl> that would be popey

 23:28 <jose> and otherwise we can move it back

 23:29 <wxl> okie dokie

 23:29 <jose> just as a "politeness" thing

 23:29 <Bashing-om> wxl: Be aware that I do follow through on the "Meetings" report and so list in UWN.

 23:29 <wxl> #action wxl to ask popey if it's ok to move Community Structure & Governance posts from Documentation/Community category on Discourse to Community Council/Documentation

 23:29 * meetingology wxl to ask popey if it's ok to move Community Structure & Governance posts from Documentation/Community category on Discourse to Community Council/Documentation

 23:30 <wxl> Bashing-om: ok. did i say something wrong? :)

 23:30 <wxl> ooook

 23:30 <wxl> next item

 23:31 <wxl> #topic Local Communities Committee

 23:31 <Bashing-om> wxl: No - sorry - just a comment for the use of discourse.

 23:31 <wxl> Bashing-om: okie thx :)

 23:31 <wxl> so did everyone review and/or comment on the draft for the LoCo Committee?

 23:31 <jose> okay, for this one, I still haven't gotten either an 'ack' from most of you, saying "I've reviewed and left my comments"

 23:31 <wxl> (i know i did!)

 23:32 <toddy> I also have did it

 23:32 <linaporras> Wel... I did... ;)

 23:32 <teward> i've read the comments and such, but not made any other than the one.  every other comment was already made :P

 23:32 <jose> Eickmeyer?

 23:32 <jose> #voters wxl jose toddy linaporras teward Eickmeyer nhaines

 23:32 <Eickmeyer> I don't think I had. Link?

 23:32 <jose> #voters wxl jose toddy linaporras teward Eickmeyer nhaines

 23:32 <meetingology> Current voters: Eickmeyer jose linaporras nhaines teward toddy wxl

 23:33 <wxl> there you go

 23:33 <teward> #chairs teward jose wxl

 23:33 <teward> #chair teward jose wxl

 23:33 <meetingology> Current chairs: jose teward wxl

 23:33 <teward> so we don't need to op ;)

 23:33 <wxl> votes required 4?

 23:33 <jose> Let me get you a link.

 23:33 <jose> Yes but hold on

 23:33 <linaporras> there was a point to discuss

 23:33 <toddy> I think we have an open question in the draft?

 23:34 <toddy> There was something

 23:34 <jose> Eickmeyer: sent you a link via DDM

 23:34 <jose> not posting it here because it's still a draft and still open

 23:34 <jose> yes, there is something, but I want to make sure to give Eickmeyer time to skim it

 23:34 <jose> let's give him 3 minutes (180 secs)?

 23:34 <wxl> (what's ddm?)

 23:34 <linaporras> agree with jose

 23:35 <jose> DM*

 23:35 <wxl> ahh :)

 23:35 <jose> direct, direct message :)

 23:35 <wxl> could you send to me again so i can remind myself

 23:35 <wxl> ?

 23:35 <jose> of course.

 23:35 <Eickmeyer> Yeah, after a cursory glance, LGTM. Only question is if the question is resolved.

 23:36 <jose> wxl: need some time to skim it?

 23:36 <jose> #votesrequired 4

 23:36 <meetingology> votes now need 4 to be passed

 23:37 <jose> giving wxl a couple more minutes before I raise my point

 23:37 <jose> and then after I explain and we discuss we can put it to a vote

 23:37 <wxl> should we answer the question that remains?

 23:38 <Eickmeyer> I think we should.

 23:38 <jose> okay, then. let me explain the question and my point of view

 23:38 <linaporras> Not be a Community Council member.this is the topic for dicussion

 23:38 <Eickmeyer> Ok. Yeah, being a CC member on this committee might have a perception of a heavy hand.

 23:39 <jose> Right now, there are mixed opinions on whether current Community Council members can be part of the LCRC. In my opinion, we are creating this entity to perform independent research.

 23:39 <jose> 1.- As Eickmeyer mentioned, it can create the perception of a heavy hand

 23:39 <jose> 2.- We are delegating because we have other stuff to take care of

 23:39 <jose> not that we don't care about this, but we do, which is why we should get other people to help us with this

 23:39 <jose> they will have much better bandwidth than us, with all our duties

 23:40 <jose> and so, perform a much more deep investigation

 23:40 <jose> what do y'all think?

 23:40 <Eickmeyer> I agree, jose.

 23:40 <toddy> If someone thinks they want to take part, they can do so for all I care. regardless of whether they are a cc member or not.

 23:40 <jose> toddy: what do you think of the points I raised above?

 23:40 <jose> do you agree? no? why?

 23:41 <toddy> I don't think that it is a heavy hand of this person if he in the commitee

 23:41 <linaporras> I don 't see in that way, why our participation could be seen as heavy hand... is just cooperaton.

 23:41 <Eickmeyer> toddy: The problem is that if other people (non-CC members) know there's a CC member on the committee, that might make a perception of being watched, or that the CC member is the actual leader of the committee and is steering it.

 23:41 <linaporras> and I agree with toddy

 23:41 <toddy> we are all grown up enough

 23:41 <Eickmeyer> We are, but other people on the committee might not be able to separate that psychologically.

 23:42 <wxl> it's not to say we can't be involved

 23:42 <jose> of course

 23:42 <jose> we can still be involved

 23:42 <jose> but we delegate the heavy work

 23:42 <toddy> and point 2. I think if somebody thing it whould be good to help and have the time. it is okay for me

 23:42 <jose> if we take on absolutely everything ourselves, we would have a never ending list of things

 23:43 <wxl> ^ that is something i constantly worry about. i already knowingly allow myself to wear too many hats as it is

 23:43 <linaporras> of course, but we are not saying that we are going to force everyone of us to participate

 23:43 <linaporras> as toddy says if someone has the time, and wants to get involved, just do it

 23:43 <toddy> I don't want to be in that committee but if somebody else would I feel okay with that.

 23:43 <jose> anyways, those were my arguments, I think that unless anyone else has anything else (different than what's already been presented), we can put this to a vote? anything else?

 23:44 <linaporras> no

 23:44 <jose> if I don't hear back in 60s I'll post the vote

 23:44 <wxl> let's look at it a different way: there may be some other person who has a particularly unique perspective that if one of us took their spot that they couldn't participate

 23:44 <wxl> yeah let's vote

 23:44 <jose> #vote Can current Community Council members be part of the LCRC?

 23:44 <meetingology> Please vote on: Can current Community Council members be part of the LCRC?

 23:44 <meetingology> Public votes can be registered by saying +1, +0 or -1 in channel, (for private voting, private message me with 'vote +1/-1/+0 #channelname)

 23:44 <linaporras> +1

 23:44 <meetingology> +1 received from linaporras

 23:44 <jose> -1

 23:44 <meetingology> -1 received from jose

 23:45 <toddy> +1

 23:45 <meetingology> +1 received from toddy

 23:45 <Eickmeyer> -1

 23:45 <meetingology> -1 received from Eickmeyer

 23:45 <wxl> -1

 23:45 <meetingology> -1 received from wxl

 23:45 <wxl> looks like teward and nhaines are the deciing votes

 23:46 <teward> looks like i got busy with my mom and dad calling

 23:46 <teward> -1 CC members should not sit on the LCRC.

 23:46 <meetingology> -1 CC members should not sit on the LCRC. received from teward

 23:46 <jose> nhaines?

 23:46 <Eickmeyer> Regardless of nhaines's vote, motion cannot pass.

 23:46 <toddy> than we have a result.

 23:46 <wxl> yep

 23:46 <wxl> #endvote

 23:46 <meetingology> Voting ended on: Can current Community Council members be part of the LCRC?

 23:46 <meetingology> Votes for:2 Votes against:4 Abstentions:0

 23:46 <meetingology> Motion denied

 23:47 <wxl> okie dokie so with that out of the way, we can make the draft official

 23:47 <linaporras> yeah!

 23:47 <Eickmeyer> Yup.

 23:47 <toddy> \o/

 23:47 <jose> there are still a couple things to iron out

 23:47 <jose> especially the number of members

 23:47 <linaporras> and do u think we should start recruiting for the LCRC now, or at begining of january?

 23:48 <toddy> asap

 23:48 <Eickmeyer> ^

 23:48 <jose> If there is someone you know would be interested, line them up

 23:48 <wxl> i think ideally it should at least be 6 or more

 23:48 <linaporras> I think from my LoCo could  be one person

 23:48 <linaporras> Lirrums

 23:49 <wxl> how about this: it would be nice to have at least one member from every region. THAT is our requirement

 23:49 <wxl> if there are more than that, it's ok

 23:49 <jose> Nominations will be formal and later on

 23:49 <wxl> not to exceed 12

 23:49 <linaporras> wel 12 is a big number...

 23:49 <jose> So we good with min 6, max 12?

 23:49 <linaporras> I think 9 is a good big number...

 23:50 <toddy> jose: thats fine for me

 23:50 <wxl> 6-9 then

 23:50 <jose> min 6, max 9?

 23:50 <linaporras> min 5... maz 9

 23:50 <wxl> but with the requirement that there is at least one member from each region

 23:50 <linaporras> *max

 23:50 <wxl> regions being:

 23:50 <wxl> 1. n. america

 23:50 <wxl> 2. s. america

 23:50 <wxl> 3. europe

 23:50 <wxl> 4. africa

 23:51 <wxl> 5. asia

 23:51 <wxl> 6. oceania

 23:51 <wxl> that's why i said minimum 6

 23:51 <linaporras> 2. south an central america maybe?  a

 23:51 <linaporras> and  bye northe will be Canada, Us, and Mexico or ?

 23:51 <wxl> you know i was totally going to say that :)

 23:51 <linaporras> well ok, 6 is ok

 23:51 <linaporras> wow, I am writing horrible

 23:51 <linaporras> and  by north america will be Canada, Us, and Mexico or ?

 23:52 <toddy> yes 6 is a good for min

 23:52 <wxl> all of the above linaporras

 23:53 <jose> I would take the Wikipedia definition: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/North_America

 23:53 <wxl> right

 23:53 <wxl> can we say "It is essential for the committee to be composed of people from all regions" and define those 6 regions?

 23:53 <jose> All good with min 6, max 9, essential all regions?

 23:54 <linaporras> ok ok North America includes central america...

 23:54 <wxl> right

 23:54 <linaporras> ok I agree with the Wikipedia definition, I think that we should cite the wikipedia part... for clarification...

 23:55 <jose> we can have that internally ourselves

 23:55 <linaporras> I agree

 23:55 <Eickmeyer> Yep.

 23:55 <toddy> ok

 23:55 <wxl> great

 23:55 <wxl> anything else ?

 23:55 <linaporras> Nop from my part1

 23:56 <Eickmeyer> I'm good.

 23:56 <linaporras> I think that we should make this official and start the conformation, but I suggest to start that in the 2nd week of January... take into account, that in some countries this is holiday season

 23:56 <jose> target project completion date?

 23:56 <linaporras> end of January

 23:57 <jose> opinions?

 23:57 <jose> anyone else?

 23:57 <wxl> i think it makes sense

 23:57 <toddy> ok, we can do it like this

 23:57 <wxl> chinese new year thankfully begins in february this year

 23:58 <jose> so, accounting for a 2-week nomination period, 1-week voting period, finish it on Jan 31st at most, and then instate it on Feb 1st?

 23:58 <wxl> yep

 23:58 <wxl> i presume we are announcing this as we would board nominations?

 23:58 <jose> and expiring Jul 31st?

 23:58 <jose> yeah

 23:58 <jose> actually

 23:58 <jose> the proposal draft should go into our documentation

 23:58 <jose> and then we should make a formal call for nominations linking to that

 23:58 <linaporras> coool.. well se what happens with the job... if they found that maybe need more time we can reealuate, but so far is  ok

 23:58 <jose> that way it's not lost in the call for nominations post

 23:59 <jose> yes, these are all estimated timelines

 23:59 <linaporras> :)

 23:59 <jose> toddy: are you still good to own this action item?

 23:59 <toddy> I own that?

 23:59 <wxl> yes that's right (on expiration)

 23:59 <jose> yeah, you owned the LoCo Council renewal

 00:00 <jose> which... turned into this

 00:00 <jose> otherwise, we need to find an owner now

 00:00 <wxl> i don't think he's telling you that you have to if you don't want to toddy :)

 00:01 <jose> yep, exactly

 00:01 <toddy> But yes, I can own that action item if you want.

 00:01 <toddy> I can do it.

 00:01 <jose> perfect, thanks.

 00:01 <jose> anything else on that topic?

 00:01 <wxl> #action toddy to put LCRC proposal draft in our documentation

 00:01 * meetingology toddy to put LCRC proposal draft in our documentation

 00:02 <wxl> #action toddy to create call for nominations for LCRC linking to the proposal draft in our documentation

 00:02 * meetingology toddy to create call for nominations for LCRC linking to the proposal draft in our documentation

 00:02 <wxl> ok so that's done

 00:02 <jose> and let's draft a call for nominations too

 00:02 <jose> with that, we're good to go

 00:02 <wxl> that should just be copypasta really

 00:03 <jose> mostly :)

 00:03 <wxl> ok

 00:03 <jose> still needs to be drafted tho

 00:03 <jose> anyways

 00:03 <wxl> #topic any other business?

 00:03 <Eickmeyer> Alright, thanks everyone!

 00:03 <jose> I did have something else

 00:04 <Eickmeyer> Ruh roh.

 00:04 <Eickmeyer> My bad.

 00:04 <nhaines> jose: always with that last second surprise reveal!

 00:04 <wxl> hahahahahah

 00:04 <jose> Just wanted to make sure that anyone that has an action item reflects that in our Launchpad bug system

 00:04 <sarnold> jose columbo over here :)

 00:04 <jose> I've missed a thing or two myself and I apologize

 00:04 <wxl> YES

 00:04 <jose> but let's make sure that we have them listed

 00:04 <wxl> everyone should go make a bug for their action items

 00:04 <nhaines> That's a good idea.

 00:04 <jose> that way we can hold each other accountable for the work we're doing

 00:05 <linaporras> oh ok!

 00:05 <jose> more for projects than action items

 00:05 <jose> and action items can be listed inside of each bug

 00:06 <wxl> ok so let's get on that after the meeting

 00:06 <wxl> anything else?

 00:06 <wxl> oh i have one more thing

 00:06 <wxl> an idea i came up with at the beginning of the meeting

 00:07 <wxl> we should end every meeting with the choosing of the chair for the next meeting!

 00:07 <jose> good one!

 00:07 <jose> now that we're all here

 00:07 <nhaines> That's a good one!

 00:07 <Eickmeyer> Next meeting is Jan 6

 00:07 <toddy> I will chair the next meeting.

 00:07 <wxl> are you volunteering nhaines ? (say yes)

 00:07 <wxl> oh darn it's toddy maybe next time :)

 00:07 <jose> thank you, toddy!

 00:08 <nhaines> Dibs after that!

 00:08 <jose> perfect!

 00:08 <wxl> we've been a little lazy in creating agendas ahead of time

 00:08 <wxl> that would be a good thing for the next chair to do

 00:08 <jose> I believe that makes sense

 00:09 <wxl> after the meeting, i'll drum up the meeting notes and any remaining business can just copy paste into a new post

 00:09 <wxl> and that's it for me

 00:09 <jose> I don't have anything else after that. Unless anyone has something else?

 00:10 <wxl> i'm going to start the countdown: 10 seconds‚Ä¶

 00:10 <linaporras> good idea wxl

 00:10 <wxl> ok well that's that

 00:10 <nhaines> Just one last thing!

 00:10 <wxl> thanks everyone!

 00:10 <wxl> oh darnit

 00:10 <sarnold> nhaines :D

 00:10 <nhaines> Happy holidays, everyone.  :D

 00:10 * wxl gets out the fish

 00:10 <linaporras> oh!

 00:10 <linaporras> jajajaja cool!

 00:10 <linaporras> Enjoy christmas, and since now, happy new year!

 00:10 <nhaines> And a happy new year!

 00:11 <wxl> yes happy holidays indeed

 00:11 <jose> happy holidays, y'all

 00:11 <toddy> yes, happy holiday to everyone

 00:11 <linaporras> üéÑ

 00:11 <wxl> and to all, a good night

 00:11 <wxl> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)