== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status, 21 Apr at 13:00 &mdash; 13:13 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2020/ubuntu-meeting.2020-04-21-13.00.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Review of previous action items ===
The discussion about "Review of previous action items" started at 13:00.


=== current component mismatches ===
The discussion about "current component mismatches" started at 13:01.

  * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg 
  * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg 

=== New MIRs ===
The discussion about "New MIRs" started at 13:02.

  * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=NEW&assignee_option=none&field.assignee=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir 
  * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/linux-raspi/+bug/1871835 

=== Incomplete bugs / questions ===
The discussion about "Incomplete bugs / questions" started at 13:07.

  * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir 

=== Any other business? ===
The discussion about "Any other business?" started at 13:08.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * cpaelzer (39)
 * sarnold (6)
 * meetingology (3)
 * doko (2)
 * didrocks (1)
 * joeubuntu (1)
 * ubottu (1)



== Full Log ==


 13:00 <cpaelzer> #startmeeting Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status

 13:00 <meetingology> Meeting started Tue Apr 21 13:00:41 2020 UTC.  The chair is cpaelzer. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 13:00 <meetingology> 

 13:00 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 13:00 <cpaelzer> #topic Review of previous action items

 13:00 <cpaelzer> none open AFAIK

 13:01 <cpaelzer> #topic current component mismatches

 13:01 <cpaelzer> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg

 13:01 <cpaelzer> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg

 13:01 <cpaelzer> only known cases

 13:01 <cpaelzer> the mass seed which isn't urgent part of 20.04

 13:01 <cpaelzer> and the apport dependency which is the ordering of the deps

 13:01 <cpaelzer> no action needed on those, any disagreement?

 13:02 <sarnold> fine by me

 13:02 <cpaelzer> ok lets go on - anyone feel free to speak up if we go too fast

 13:02 <cpaelzer> #topic New MIRs

 13:02 <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=NEW&assignee_option=none&field.assignee=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 13:02 <cpaelzer> one real candidate

 13:02 <cpaelzer> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/linux-raspi/+bug/1871835

 13:02 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1871835 in linux-raspi (Ubuntu) "[MIR] linux-raspi" [Undecided,New]

 13:02 <cpaelzer> and actually I don't think this even needs a review

 13:02 <cpaelzer> this is a kernel source like the many kernel sources built by the kernel team

 13:02 <cpaelzer> just another flavor of it

 13:03 <cpaelzer> doko: how did we add e.g. -azure and -gce abck in the day

 13:03 <cpaelzer> does this really need a review - or can we promote it right away?

 13:04 <cpaelzer> joeubuntu: sarnold: and from your POV - adding those would be a no-op right?

 13:05 <cpaelzer> you track kernels anyway I guess

 13:06 <joeubuntu> I don't see a problem, sarnold your thoughts ?

 13:06 <sarnold> cpaelzer: yeah, I'm not sure how the zoo of kernels works out

 13:06 <cpaelzer> doko: how was this handled in the past

 13:06 <cpaelzer> I'd prefere to just do it the same way

 13:06 <cpaelzer> which most likely means no new MIR process needed on this

 13:06 <sarnold> cpaelzer: the one funny thing with pi is that it seems to have binary blobs that may be less maintainable than more 'normal' machine kernels

 13:07 <cpaelzer> lets go through the rest of the agenda (all no-ops today I think) - we can wait for dokos answer in the last segment

 13:07 <cpaelzer> #topic Incomplete bugs / questions

 13:07 <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 13:07 <sarnold> cpaelzer: but that seems more like a business decision, "is this platform important enough to pay the costs", and hope that our partners will be able to supply us with fixes in five, ten years

 13:08 <cpaelzer> nothing new in the incomplete

 13:08 <cpaelzer> so we can go for

 13:08 <cpaelzer> #topic Any other business?

 13:08 <cpaelzer> and here I'd ait for doko to chime in how this was handled in the past

 13:08 <cpaelzer> sarnold: I agree - this is a support statement more than anything else

 13:10 <sarnold> can we move this meeting ~two hours later? that'd help me quite a lot :) it's 0600 for me, and while joeubuntu has been kind enough to take my place, that's been inconvenient all around

 13:11 <doko> cpaelzer: no MIR required in the past, same as for the versioned source packages

 13:11 <cpaelzer> thank doko, can I assign it to you for promotion on thaose terms then?

 13:11 <cpaelzer> sarnold: 2h later I have other meeting conflicts, but 1h or 1.5h are fine

 13:12 <cpaelzer> sarnold: would you mind starting something like a doodle poll for new times?

 13:12 <doko> sure

 13:12 <sarnold> cpaelzer: good idea, thanks :)

 13:13 <didrocks> a pool sounds good to me. Most of the time, this meeting conflicts with some others for me (but 2 hours isn’t doable, so let’s see for a poll)

 13:13 <cpaelzer> ok, then we are don for today

 13:13 <cpaelzer> thanks everyone

 13:13 <cpaelzer> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)