== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team, 02 Apr at 15:01 &mdash; 15:49 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2020/ubuntu-meeting.2020-04-02-15.01.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning rounds ===
The discussion about "Lightning rounds" started at 15:02.


=== Release incoming bugs ===
The discussion about "Release incoming bugs" started at 15:08.

  * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ff-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs 

=== Team proposed-migration report ===
The discussion about "Team proposed-migration report" started at 15:36.

  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs 

=== AOB ===
The discussion about "AOB" started at 15:48.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * bdmurray (55)
 * vorlon (39)
 * juliank (38)
 * xnox (23)
 * rbalint (16)
 * sil2100 (16)
 * ubottu (16)
 * slyon (11)
 * doko (10)
 * waveform (9)
 * tdaitx (6)
 * apw (4)
 * meetingology (3)
 * luna_ (1)
 * seb128 (1)



== Full Log ==


 15:01 <bdmurray> #startmeeting Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team

 15:01 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Apr  2 15:01:49 2020 UTC.  The chair is bdmurray. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 15:01 <meetingology> 

 15:01 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 15:02 <bdmurray> #topic Lightning rounds

 15:02 <bdmurray> echo $(shuf -e vorlon bdmurray xnox tdaitx doko sil2100 rbalint infinity mwhudson juliank waveform slyon)

 15:02 <bdmurray> slyon tdaitx waveform doko bdmurray juliank vorlon sil2100 mwhudson rbalint infinity xnox

 15:02 <luna_> be back in 1 hour then sorry

 15:02 <bdmurray> slyon:

 15:02 <slyon> * implemented test suite for NetworkManager readwrite netplan plugin

 15:02 <slyon> -> first basic unit tests

 15:02 <slyon> -> enable r/w access to test config files

 15:02 <slyon> * implemented reading & writing of basic netplan YAML (MAC/IP4/IP6) inside NM plugin

 15:02 <slyon> * reworked and finalized netplan's GSM & CDMA support

 15:02 <slyon> * implemented missing netplan WiFi features: bssid/band/channel/seen-bssids

 15:02 <slyon> -> those are required by the NetworkManager readwrite plugin

 15:02 <slyon> * implemented missing netplan IP6 feature: addr-gen-mode

 15:02 <slyon> -> this is required by the NetworkManager readwrite plugin, too

 15:02 <slyon> * will continue working on netplan & NM plugin, to make it ready for release

 15:02 <slyon> (done)

 15:03 <bdmurray> tdaitx:

 15:03 <bdmurray> waveform:

 15:03 <tdaitx> not exactly done, but there it goes

 15:03 <tdaitx> * update excuses failures

 15:03 <tdaitx> * reviewed openjdk updates

 15:03 <tdaitx> * looked over upstream changes for jtreg/jtharness

 15:03 <tdaitx> * ftbfs

 15:03 <tdaitx> (done)

 15:03 <waveform> * Worked on uc20 boot sequence (setting up test bed, more tweaking of boot script)

 15:03 <waveform> * Updated boot partition for focal (audio enabled by default, cleaned up split of non-BT/BT config files on boot partition, added more examples to cloud-init seed)

 15:03 <waveform> * Prepped MIRs for things missing from main (u-boot-rpi, LP: #1869792, waiting on some feedback before filing the linux-raspi2 one)

 15:03 <waveform> * Final tweaks for pibootctl, including needs-packaging, LP: #1870100

 15:03 <waveform> * Investigating DHCP4 issue on Pi3's noticed by bdmurray - not sure which package it should be filed against yet - might be systemd related

 15:03 <waveform> * Wrote cloud-init blog post

 15:03 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1869792 in u-boot (Ubuntu) "[MIR] u-boot-rpi" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1869792

 15:03 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1870100 in Ubuntu "[needs-packaging] pibootctl" [Wishlist,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1870100

 15:03 <waveform> (done)

 15:03 <bdmurray> waveform: do you have a link to your blog post?

 15:04 <bdmurray> doko:

 15:04 <waveform> bdmurray, not yet - I'm setting up a pi to host it - so I can have a blog about ubuntu on a pi on ubuntu on a pi :)

 15:04 <doko> - fix remaining (?) python build-depends (~120 packages)

 15:04 <doko> - second focal test rebuild, filed bug reports

 15:04 <doko> - meeting with MAAS to organize some maintenance of MAAS related packages

 15:04 <doko> - gcc-N builds

 15:04 <doko> - fixing ftbfs

 15:04 <doko> - extracted and forwarded three GCC issue upstream

 15:04 <doko> (done)

 15:05 <bdmurray> bdmurray: !

 15:05 <bdmurray> reviewed, merged, uploaded xnox's u-r-u quirk for python-is-python2

 15:05 <bdmurray> much work on ubuntu-security-status (fixes for Ubuntu 16.04 LTS)

 15:05 <bdmurray> created a skeleton subiquity apport package hook to send bugs to the project

 15:05 <bdmurray> iso-testing - encountered http://launchpad.net/bugs/1869591

 15:05 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1869591 in gnome-initial-setup (Ubuntu) "After install the window 'ready to go' is locked" [High,Fix released]

 15:05 <bdmurray> created an MP for http://launchpad.net/bugs/1845690

 15:05 <bdmurray> investigation into bluetoothd crashing and apport

 15:05 <bdmurray> updating of FocalFossa/ReleaseNotes wiki page

 15:05 <bdmurray> Beta release work

 15:05 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1845690 in update-manager (Ubuntu) "Do not offer an upgrade from i386 systems" [High,In progress]

 15:05 <bdmurray> âœ” done

 15:05 <juliank> * merged apt-xapian-index

 15:05 <juliank> * investigated autopkgtest image creation failure, and why it did not notify anyone, built fixed images

 15:05 <juliank> * early implementation for LP: #1825000 - some privacy concerns over sending service names

 15:05 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1825000 in apt (Ubuntu) "Add ability for mirrors to distinguish interactive and non-interactive apt runs" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1825000

 15:05 <juliank> * added missing dh-python build depends to apt-clone (LP: #1870047) and aptdaemon (LP: #1870049)

 15:05 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1870047 in apt-clone (Ubuntu) "apt-clone ftfbfs in focal" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1870047

 15:05 <juliank> * resilient boot - support for multiple ESPs in grub (https://code.launchpad.net/~juliank/grub/+git/ubuntu/+merge/381462)

 15:05 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1870049 in aptdaemon (Ubuntu) "aptdaemon ftbfs in focal" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1870049

 15:05 <juliank> * preparing a FFe for powerpc-utils to merge the latest smt state preservation changes from upstream (LP: #1870311)

 15:05 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1870311 in powerpc-utils (Ubuntu) "[FFe] Persistent SMT state" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1870311

 15:05 <juliank> * pinged shim-review issue (https://github.com/rhboot/shim-review/issues/92)

 15:05 <juliank> (done)

 15:05 <bdmurray> vorlon:

 15:06 <xnox> doko:  do we need to snapshot dist-check, and can i upload "provides: python" on python-is-python2? or like keep it blocked in proposed?

 15:06 <vorlon> * was out last week and on Tuesday, so short week

 15:06 <vorlon> * working on finalizing netplan spec for openvswitch support

 15:06 <vorlon> * processing package removal requests

 15:06 <vorlon> * queue reviews for beta

 15:06 <vorlon> * misc proposed-migration work

 15:06 <vorlon> (done)

 15:06 <sil2100> - SRU reviews and releases

 15:06 <sil2100> - A few NEW reviews

 15:06 <sil2100> - 20.04 Beta - ongoing, lots of stuff, virtual sprint, respins, reviews, infra fixes, holy cow!

 15:06 <sil2100> - netplan:

 15:06 <sil2100> * Reviewed the gsm to modems rename PR for Lukas

 15:06 <sil2100> * Refactored SR-IOV WIP code to move it into a separate module

 15:06 <sil2100> * Working on unit-testing - having a terrible experience

 15:06 <sil2100> * Browsed through available SR-IOV hardware, bought an SR-IOV NIC for testing

 15:06 <sil2100> - Working on some ubuntu-image changes for uc20

 15:06 <sil2100> - Looking into some pi gadget stuff, promoting latest pi gadget to stable

 15:06 <sil2100> - Fixed bileto to not enable all architectures on silos but only those supported by the destination archive

 15:06 <sil2100> - Reverted shim and shim-signed in the archive to the previous version

 15:06 <sil2100> (done)

 15:07 <bdmurray> rbalint:

 15:07 <rbalint> * unattended-upgrades 2.1 fixing a crash + speedups

 15:07 <rbalint> * proposed-migration: lintian fix (in unapproved), uchardet

 15:07 <rbalint> * fixing systemd bugs/regressions

 15:07 <rbalint> * prepared 245.3 to land in Focal, now preparing 245.4

 15:07 <rbalint> * partner work

 15:07 <rbalint> * last gardening of wslu bugs before reassigning the package to desktop team - good bye!

 15:07 <rbalint> (done)

 15:07 <rbalint> sil2100, could we have bileto require only builds enabled in ppa to trigger tests?>

 15:08 <bdmurray> xnox:

 15:08 <xnox> UC20 on Pi boots to initrd.... but fails to find SD-card to boot. Investigating

 15:08 <xnox> Fixing casper for all the things

 15:08 <xnox> Subiquity & console-conf review, and shipping improvements

 15:08 <xnox> Meetings about z, power, subiquity, maas

 15:08 <xnox> done

 15:08 <bdmurray> #topic Release incoming bugs

 15:08 <bdmurray> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ff-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 15:08 <doko> xnox: can we wait with this until we have all b-d's removed?

 15:09 <sil2100> rbalint: I think we could, I guess at some point that was a plan

 15:09 <sil2100> Not sure what happened to that, will look

 15:09 <rbalint> sil2100, thanks, that would be great

 15:09 <xnox> doko:  ok

 15:09 <bdmurray> so there are a bunch of ftbfs bugs there

 15:09 <bdmurray> I don't think we need to go over those individually

 15:10 <rbalint> bdmurray, i think coordinating sharing them would be useful

 15:10 <bdmurray> Should we just card them though?

 15:10 <rbalint> bdmurray, that would work, too

 15:10 <juliank> card them and randomly assign them?

 15:10 <juliank> :D

 15:10 <vorlon> the busybox one was already fixed

 15:11 <vorlon> (because I wasn't working from a bug list, I was working from the report doko pointed us at)

 15:11 <bdmurray> who is working on bug 1870056?

 15:11 <ubottu> bug 1870056 in gnutls28 (Ubuntu) "gnutls28 ftbfs in focal" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1870056

 15:11 <rbalint> juliank, then we can trade them for ones we like more :-)

 15:11 <juliank> I can but I'm not so far

 15:11 <doko> bdmurray: I did, in theq queue

 15:12 <bdmurray> okay

 15:12 <juliank> doko: please tag it fix committed after upload

 15:12 <juliank> and assign yourself

 15:12 <juliank> optimally

 15:12 <bdmurray> juliank: are yours fix committed then?

 15:12 <juliank> I know, I only moved the apt* oes to in progress

 15:12 <juliank> but I moved them to fix committed now

 15:13 <juliank> so yes now, but not like 10 mins ago

 15:13 <bdmurray> vorlon: did you close the busybox one then?

 15:13 <vorlon> bdmurray: just now, yes

 15:13 <xnox> bdmurray:  i think i was gnutls28 but didn't do it?

 15:13 <bdmurray> okay, so mclemenceau can you create cards for the other ftbfs bugs?

 15:14 <bdmurray> bug 1870018

 15:14 <ubottu> bug 1870018 in casper (Ubuntu) "Option (Ctrl-C) not shown to disable ISO verification" [Undecided,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1870018

 15:14 <bdmurray> xnox: did you say you might have a fix for that already?

 15:14 <xnox> me

 15:14 <xnox> yes, locally, not uploaded yet

 15:14 <xnox> fixing more things

 15:14 <bdmurray> okay, so targetting then

 15:14 <bdmurray> and assigning

 15:15 <juliank> I don't understand https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/grub2/+bug/1869655

 15:15 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1869655 in grub2 (Ubuntu) "Add an Ubuntu splash logo to supplement the BGRT logo" [Wishlist,New]

 15:15 <juliank> ah now i do

 15:15 <xnox> juliank:  it's post-focal

 15:15 <bdmurray> bug 1870060 seems important

 15:15 <ubottu> bug 1870060 in apport (Ubuntu) "systemd ProtectSystem/mount namespace makes apport fail (impact most of our default system services)" [High,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1870060

 15:16 <juliank> xnox: champagne is a useless tag :/

 15:16 <xnox> juliank:  changed it to rls-ff-notfixing

 15:20 <bdmurray> we'll take and card that.

 15:21 <bdmurray> have we looked at bug 1869187?

 15:21 <ubottu> bug 1869187 in shim-signed (Ubuntu) "mokutil ignores timeout parameter" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1869187

 15:22 <juliank> oh I saw it

 15:22 <juliank> card it

 15:22 <bdmurray> There is a patch too

 15:22 <juliank> we're not going to fix it though

 15:22 <juliank> before release

 15:22 <bdmurray> okay

 15:23 <juliank> because we're waiting on the new shim sig

 15:23 <bdmurray> bug 1835660 - xnox what is next there?

 15:23 <ubottu> bug 1835660 in linux (Ubuntu) "initramfs unpacking failed" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1835660

 15:24 <xnox> bdmurray:  it'm talking about it with apw. he says something is missaligned, somebody needs to binwalk our initrds and validate if they are all rounded at the right boundries

 15:25 <apw> xnox, my local one is an odd length, so i'd not be supprised if that is wrong

 15:26 <xnox> Apr 01 14:50:15 ottawa kernel: Initramfs unpacking failed: Decoding failed

 15:26 <apw> xnox, i am not totally sure it doesn't continue to use the up to now extracted bits

 15:26 <xnox> apw: hmmmm

 15:27 <xnox> apw:  what do you want me to give you to try? something with rounded early; something rounded both early; something rounded overall?

 15:27 <apw> xnox, not sure, am going to try to reproduce it in a VM and see

 15:28 <xnox> apw:  my focal host has it.

 15:28 <vorlon> juliank: why can we not fix the mokutil invocation before release? it requires a packaging-only change to shim-signed

 15:28 <apw> oh sorry just realises i am fact-bombing your meeting

 15:28 <juliank> vorlon: I guess we can, but need to temporarily remove the other shim-signed from proposed pocket

 15:28 <vorlon> yes

 15:29 <vorlon> juliank: you have all the access to people who can do that :)

 15:29 <rbalint> apw, facts, comments, patches are welcome :-)

 15:29 <juliank> vorlon: i put it at the top of the secure boot lane

 15:30 <vorlon> juliank: ta

 15:30 <bdmurray> alright, anything else bug wise?

 15:30 <juliank> ~hmm

 15:30 <juliank> I thought I had something 2 hours ago, but don't remember, sorry

 15:30 * sil2100 loves moving around binary packages semi-randomly

 15:30 <xnox> apw:  we love meeting guests!

 15:30 <xnox> apw:  especially seb128 and Laney

 15:31 <juliank> Oh

 15:31 <juliank> Not on launchpad, but https://bugs.debian.org/cgi-bin/bugreport.cgi?bug=817023 in os-prober should probably be fixed

 15:31 <ubottu> Debian bug 817023 in os-prober "os-prober doesn't detect EFI partition on MBR" [Normal,Fixed]

 15:31 <seb128> xnox, :-)

 15:31 <juliank> os-prober only recognizes ESPs on GPT disks, not MBR

 15:32 <xnox> quak

 15:32 <xnox> it should

 15:32 <xnox> there is no GPT requirmeents for ESP

 15:32 <juliank> xnox: Yes, but identifier changed from msdos to dos or was typoed

 15:32 <juliank> ID_PART_ENTRY_SCHEME in udevadm info

 15:32 <bdmurray> Should we bring up bug 1864293 with Wimpress ?

 15:32 <juliank> it checks for msdos, but udevadminfo now reports dos

 15:32 <ubottu> bug 1864293 in ubuntu-mate-meta (Ubuntu) "apt autoremove removes cryptsetup-initramfs which causes boot to drop to initramfs shell on machine with LVM and full disk encryption" [Undecided,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1864293

 15:32 <juliank> :)

 15:33 <juliank> bdmurray: yes

 15:35 <bdmurray> Okay, if that's it for bugs...

 15:36 <bdmurray> #topic Team proposed-migration report

 15:36 <bdmurray> #link http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs

 15:37 <vorlon> shim is blocked intentionally (but why does the report not show a blocking bug?)

 15:37 <vorlon> python3-defaults, blocked by kazoo on arm64, who wants this?

 15:37 <bdmurray> I've failed to really look at kazoo

 15:38 <rbalint> bdmurray, should we reshuffle it?

 15:38 <vorlon> bdmurray: have you retried against the release pocket?  if it's a flaky test we should ignore

 15:38 <vorlon> (I see no retests against baseline)

 15:38 <bdmurray> Oh, is that what made the test pass on amd64?

 15:39 <vorlon> bdmurray: no

 15:40 <vorlon> but if it's flaky we should ignore it instead of just retrying forever

 15:40 <vorlon> I don't want to confirm that a retest against release pocket /passes/, I want to confirm that it /fails/

 15:42 <vorlon> sphinx has its autopkgtest regressions cleared, now just blocked by beta freeze

 15:43 <vorlon> gnutls28 has build failures, I think doko has this in progress?

 15:43 <vorlon> (per the ftbfs bug earlier)

 15:43 <vorlon> uchardet, blocked by beta freeze

 15:43 <doko> yes, the sync is in the unapproved queue

 15:43 <vorlon> pinentry, autopkgtest regressions; did someone take this last week?

 15:43 <bdmurray> I did but didn't get to it :-(

 15:44 <vorlon> bdmurray: taking it again, or do you want to hand it off?

 15:44 <bdmurray> I think handing it off is best

 15:44 <waveform> I'll take it if bdmurray wants?

 15:44 <vorlon> waveform: it's yours

 15:44 <vorlon> dpkg, python-apt, blocked by beta freeze

 15:44 <vorlon> debhelper has a bunch of regressions on armhf that look like they're all dkms-related

 15:45 <vorlon> so somebody could probably deal with those as a batch

 15:45 <vorlon> who wants?

 15:45 <rbalint> i take it

 15:45 <vorlon> rbalint: thanks

 15:46 <vorlon> python-werkzeug: blocked because python-flask-oldsessions still depends on the python2 package, someone needs to work out whether that's due for removal

 15:46 <rbalint> also triggered kazoo

 15:46 <vorlon> juliank: ^^ can you take python-werkzeug?

 15:47 <vorlon> libtimedate-perl, blocked by beta freeze

 15:47 <vorlon> and I'll take python-docutils vs sphinx

 15:47 <vorlon> juliank: can you confirm you're ok to take python-werkzeug?

 15:47 <juliank> i guess

 15:47 <vorlon> thanks

 15:47 <vorlon> and that's the list

 15:48 <bdmurray> thanks vorlon

 15:48 <bdmurray> #topic AOB

 15:48 <bdmurray> in case you hadn't heard its Beta week

 15:49 <bdmurray> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)