== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status, 08 Dec at 15:29 &mdash; 15:47 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2020/ubuntu-meeting.2020-12-08-15.29.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== current component mismatches ===
The discussion about "current component mismatches" started at 15:30.

  * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg 
  * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg 
  * ''ACTION:'' - christian to ping xnox / rharding and others to clarify who is in the driver seed tor needrestart

=== New MIRs ===
The discussion about "New MIRs" started at 15:40.

  * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=NEW&assignee_option=none&field.assignee=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir 

=== Incomplete bugs / questions ===
The discussion about "Incomplete bugs / questions" started at 15:41.

  * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir 
  * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/sizzle/+bug/1906514 

=== Any other business? ===
The discussion about "Any other business?" started at 15:45.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * cpaelzer (73)
 * doko (11)
 * ubottu (4)
 * meetingology (4)
 * sarnold (3)
 * didrocks (2)
 * waveform (2)
 * ddstreet (1)



== Full Log ==


 15:29 <cpaelzer> #startmeeting Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status

 15:29 <meetingology> Meeting started Tue Dec  8 15:29:44 2020 UTC.  The chair is cpaelzer. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 15:29 <meetingology> 

 15:29 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 15:30 <cpaelzer> ping jamespage ddstreet doko didrocks sarnold

 15:30 <ddstreet> o/

 15:30 <didrocks> o/

 15:30 <cpaelzer> we can skip "Review of previous action items" since we had none and right away go to a rather crowded component mismatches ...

 15:30 <cpaelzer> #topic current component mismatches

 15:30 <cpaelzer> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg

 15:30 <cpaelzer> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg

 15:31 <cpaelzer> first a few riscv related cases

 15:31 <cpaelzer> we have seen them last week already

 15:31 <cpaelzer> this is due to https://git.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-core-dev/ubuntu-seeds/+git/platform/commit/?id=6e2571375f95c01bc26f912b1de20909b8f2e547

 15:31 <cpaelzer> on https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/opensbi/+bug/1906668 I think this is dead-by-wrong-state

 15:31 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1906668 in opensbi (Ubuntu) "[MIR] opensbi" [Undecided,Confirmed]

 15:31 <cpaelzer> xnox: this one is "confirmed" which makes it not appear int he MIR teams queue

 15:31 <cpaelzer> xnox: can I assume you want this reviewed - in that case I'd set it back to new

 15:32 <cpaelzer> doko: feel free to answer if you happen to know

 15:32 <cpaelzer> Furthermore the same change triggered u-boot-menu which still lacks a MIR

 15:32 <cpaelzer> you'd first think it is the same as all other u-boot-* which are already in main

 15:32 <cpaelzer> but this is a different source

 15:33 <cpaelzer> so we'd need a new MIR

 15:33 <doko> I don't know. will ping him tomorrow

 15:33 <cpaelzer> xnox: doko: would you mind to add that MIR (and keep it in "new" once ready)

 15:33 <sarnold> good morning

 15:33 <cpaelzer> doko: thanks for keeping that discussion ongoging with him then

 15:33 <cpaelzer> the next is similar

 15:33 <cpaelzer> a set of packages related to needrestart

 15:33 <cpaelzer> due to https://git.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-core-dev/ubuntu-seeds/+git/ubuntu/commit/?id=ed7003d4c9a0be80e8a17699baa858b2bf1ce06b

 15:34 <doko> that's server ...

 15:34 <cpaelzer> it was added to the server seed

 15:34 <cpaelzer> but so far I've not heard that the activity on this would have passed to us

 15:35 <doko> unseed it?

 15:35 <cpaelzer> unless that happened between xnox and ?? (maybe rharding) I'd expect MIRs requests on those

 15:35 <cpaelzer> doko: how about me starting a mail thread with the relevant people requesting to clarify who has the current action items?

 15:35 <cpaelzer> IIRC I have had some related discussions in my inbox, I can refer to those

 15:36 <cpaelzer> #action - christian to ping xnox / rharding and others to clarify who is in the driver seed tor needrestart

 15:36 * meetingology - christian to ping xnox / rharding and others to clarify who is in the driver seed tor needrestart

 15:36 <cpaelzer> next in mismatches that isn't a usual suspect is rubygems

 15:37 <cpaelzer> doko: I have spoken with kanashiro

 15:37 <doko> cpaelzer: sounds good. please add mclemenceau

 15:37 <cpaelzer> I will

 15:37 <cpaelzer> doko: he is on cleanup duty now that he is back - part of that is rubygems

 15:37 <cpaelzer> doko: it was in main as it was part of the same source

 15:37 <doko> so wait some more days?

 15:38 <cpaelzer> doko: it was shipped wit h the interpreter and then changed upstream

 15:38 <cpaelzer> doko: we re-introduced the same we had before

 15:38 <doko> so promote again?

 15:38 <cpaelzer> but since it was removed in Debian/Ubuntu in between it now shows up as mismatch

 15:38 <cpaelzer> doko: could I ask you to re-promote it on the base of the former promotion which was at https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/gem2deb/+bug/894827/comments/10 ?

 15:39 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 894827 in rubygems (Ubuntu) "[MIR] gem2deb" [Undecided,Fix released]

 15:39 <doko> ok, doing. let's follow-up on this next week

 15:39 <cpaelzer> thanks

 15:40 <cpaelzer> kanashiro: ^^ could you prep a "where we are at with ruby - info" until next tuesday?

 15:40 <cpaelzer> sizzle and rpi-eeprom I'd discuss in the incomplete bug section

 15:40 <cpaelzer> anything else in mismatches to bring up ?

 15:40 <cpaelzer> I consider this a no (or being asleep :-P )

 15:40 <cpaelzer> #topic New MIRs

 15:40 <cpaelzer> the list is empty

 15:40 <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=NEW&assignee_option=none&field.assignee=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 15:41 <cpaelzer> but once xnox replies likely will contain opensbi

 15:41 <cpaelzer> once set back from confirmed to new

 15:41 <cpaelzer> if one has spare cycles and sees this in his inbox please feel free to grab

 15:41 <cpaelzer> #topic Incomplete bugs / questions

 15:41 <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 15:41 <cpaelzer> on postgresql-13 things migrated and got promoted.

 15:42 <cpaelzer> -12 is almost able to be rmeoved, hopefulyl we can do so before end of next week

 15:42 <cpaelzer> sizzle is the next in incomplete

 15:42 <cpaelzer> doko: did you hear anything about it ?

 15:42 <cpaelzer> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/sizzle/+bug/1906514

 15:42 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1906514 in node-jquery (Ubuntu Hirsute) "sizzle needs a MIR, or node-jquery needs dropping the recommends" [High,Confirmed]

 15:42 <cpaelzer> I see tag updates by mclemenceau and bdmurray - what do they tell us?

 15:42 <doko> sorry, no

 15:43 <doko> they are recorded in jira now

 15:43 <cpaelzer> ok, could you carry that to the team meeting to get reolved mid-term?

 15:43 <doko> ok

 15:43 <cpaelzer> and finally https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/rpi-eeprom/+bug/1895137

 15:43 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1895137 in rpi-eeprom (Ubuntu) "[MIR] rpi-eeprom; raspberrypi-userland" [Undecided,In progress]

 15:43 <cpaelzer> waveform: ^^

 15:43 <cpaelzer> doko has outlined todo's ~1 month ago on that bug

 15:44 <cpaelzer> waveform: I wanted to know if this is incomplete as in "ack I'll do it at some point" or as in "we'll give u then"

 15:44 <doko> Pi's are slow ;p

 15:44 <cpaelzer> because depending on this it will have different cleanups to be done now :-)

 15:44 <cpaelzer> waveform: if you only happen to read this later an update on the bug would be fine as well (even preferred)

 15:44 <waveform> cpaelzer, that's basically done - I've just got to update the bug

 15:44 <cpaelzer> ok, then do it :-)

 15:44 <cpaelzer> that is all I wanted to bring up today

 15:44 <cpaelzer> thanks team

 15:44 <waveform> when I'm back from holiday :)

 15:45 <cpaelzer> #topic Any other business?

 15:45 <didrocks> nothing for me

 15:45 <sarnold> nothing from me

 15:45 <cpaelzer> FYI - for your time planning expect more effort being needed for MIR reviews in Jan/Feb

 15:45 <cpaelzer> since as usual eveone has a late idea that needs to get in

 15:46 <cpaelzer> waveform: FYI I updated the bug

 15:46 <cpaelzer> ok that is it for today then ...

 15:46 <cpaelzer> thank you everyone

 15:47 <sarnold> thanks cpaelzer, all :)

 15:47 <cpaelzer> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)