== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team, 19 Mar at 15:02 &mdash; 15:46 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2020/ubuntu-meeting.2020-03-19-15.02.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning rounds ===
The discussion about "Lightning rounds" started at 15:02.


=== Release incoming bugs ===
The discussion about "Release incoming bugs" started at 15:09.

  * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ff-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs 

=== Team proposed-migration report ===
The discussion about "Team proposed-migration report" started at 15:34.

  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs 
  * ''LINK:'' http://autopkgtest.ubuntu.com/packages/s/sphinx/focal/ppc64el 
  * ''LINK:'' http://autopkgtest.ubuntu.com/packages/s/sphinx/focal/s390x 

=== AOB ===
The discussion about "AOB" started at 15:44.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * bdmurray (57)
 * sil2100 (27)
 * xnox (21)
 * doko (20)
 * ubottu (12)
 * juliank (10)
 * rbalint (8)
 * waveform (8)
 * slyon (7)
 * meetingology (3)



== Full Log ==


 15:02 <bdmurray> #startmeeting Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team

 15:02 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Mar 19 15:02:25 2020 UTC.  The chair is bdmurray. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 15:02 <meetingology> 

 15:02 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 15:02 <bdmurray> #topic Lightning rounds

 15:03 <bdmurray> echo $(shuf -e vorlon bdmurray xnox tdaitx doko sil2100 rbalint infinity mwhudson juliank waveform)

 15:03 <bdmurray> infinity rbalint xnox waveform tdaitx sil2100 mwhudson bdmurray vorlon juliank doko

 15:03 <bdmurray> rbalint:

 15:03 <rbalint> (short week)

 15:03 <sil2100> bdmurray: we need slyon on the list!

 15:03 <rbalint> * released unattended-upgrades 2.0

 15:03 <rbalint> * partner work

 15:03 <rbalint> * preparing systemd 245 for upload

 15:03 <rbalint> (done)

 15:04 <bdmurray> sil2100: aw snap

 15:04 <bdmurray> xnox:

 15:04 <xnox> 19th March:

 15:04 <xnox> Landed what-is-python package with doko

 15:04 <xnox> Landed UC20 hardening w.r.t. drop to shell

 15:04 <xnox> TODO snapd.mount changes

 15:04 <xnox> Working on PVM FFe for s390-tools & the test PPA for IBM

 15:04 <xnox> Done

 15:05 <bdmurray> waveform:

 15:05 <waveform> * Ubuntu images now in raspi imager \o/

 15:05 <waveform> * Worked on uc20 boot sequence (now starting kernel successfully, but getting stuck in initrd)

 15:05 <waveform> * Verified new uc20 boot script still works on classic

 15:05 <waveform> * Worked on flash-kernel for initrd removal (LP: #1867791)

 15:05 <waveform> * ... and new kernel suffix (LP: #1868094)

 15:05 <waveform> * Packaged pictl (renamed to pibootctl) and published on PPA for testing (ppa:waveform/pibootctl)

 15:05 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1867791 in flash-kernel (Ubuntu Focal) "initrd should be optional on pi" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1867791

 15:05 <waveform> * Investigated boot compression on Core for arm64 (possible on 20, tricky on 18)

 15:05 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1868094 in flash-kernel (Ubuntu) "New kernel suffix breaks flash-kernel update" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1868094

 15:05 <waveform> (done)

 15:05 <sil2100> Is tdaitx with us?

 15:06 <sil2100> I guess not around, let me go then

 15:06 <slyon> bdmurray, sil2100, I will go last

 15:06 <sil2100> slyon: o/

 15:06 <sil2100> - Was OoO on Friday

 15:06 <sil2100> - SRU reviews and releases

 15:06 <sil2100> - Kernel SRU reviews

 15:06 <sil2100> - 360's

 15:06 <sil2100> - netplan:

 15:06 <sil2100> * A bit more work on the SR-IOV spec

 15:06 <sil2100> * Introducing Lukas into the netplan project

 15:06 <sil2100> * Reviewing a modified PR from Lukas, adding the gsm NetworkManager support - merged

 15:06 <sil2100> * Reviewing PR for introducing the emit-lldp setting for networkd backend - merged

 15:06 <sil2100> * Listed a preliminary set of supported setting keys in the NM read-write spec

 15:06 <sil2100> * Started implementing SR-IOV functionality - first tackling on-demand VF creation

 15:06 <sil2100> - Learned a bit about networkd test suite

 15:06 <sil2100> - Fixed the activation-mode branch for systemd-networkd, added tests, re-submitted upstream

 15:06 <sil2100> - Verified the ubuntu-image 1.9 SRU

 15:06 <sil2100> - Looked at the pi-gadget boot-partition size situation, kicking off a new -proposed build

 15:06 <sil2100> - Reviewed and merged pi-gadget change for support of disabling tty's (kiosk mode)

 15:06 <sil2100> - Filled in MIR for linux-firmware-raspi2

 15:07 <sil2100> - Reviewed some britney1 changes for Andy

 15:07 <sil2100> - Some release-related discussions and work (FFe reviews too)

 15:07 <sil2100> (done)

 15:07 <sil2100> (that was longer than I expected)

 15:07 <bdmurray> mwhudson:

 15:07 <bdmurray> whoops

 15:07 <bdmurray> bdmurray:

 15:07 <bdmurray> that's me!

 15:07 <bdmurray> submitted RT regarding adding more members to the changelogs group

 15:07 <bdmurray> removed code names from the Raspi imaging utility os list

 15:07 <bdmurray> added openssh-server to removal blacklist (LP: #1865309)

 15:07 <bdmurray> updated apport with a patch from a user of apport-retrace (LP: #1866996)

 15:07 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1865309 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu Focal) "openssh-server removed during bionic->focal upgrade" [High,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1865309

 15:07 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1866996 in Apport "apport-retrace sandbox can not be used with https mirrors in sources.list" [Undecided,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1866996

 15:07 <bdmurray> resolved issue with apport connectivity check and install from PPA test

 15:07 <bdmurray> fixed issue with apport-test-crashes automatic build process

 15:07 <bdmurray> uploaded ubuntu-release-upgrader fix for LP: #1865309

 15:07 <bdmurray> uploaded bionic, eoan SRUs for apport bug LP: #1814611

 15:07 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1814611 in apport (Ubuntu Eoan) "turning off "Send error reports to Canonical" prevents using ubuntu-bug" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1814611

 15:08 <bdmurray> discussed terminator url highlighting bug with bryce

 15:08 <bdmurray> âœ” done

 15:08 <bdmurray> vorlon is out

 15:08 <bdmurray> juliank:

 15:08 <juliank> * was out fri, mon, tue

 15:08 <juliank> * 360s

 15:08 <juliank> * made the debian-cd oem work ready to land

 15:08 <juliank> * investigations if upstream commit fixes shim so it can load fwupd again, so far testing was not successful, but gotta look on a vm w/ a serial console

 15:08 <juliank> * verified grub srus for LP: #1864533

 15:08 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1864533 in grub2 (Ubuntu Focal) "grub wrongly booting via bios entry point instead of efi when secureboot disabled" [High,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1864533

 15:08 <juliank> (done)

 15:09 <bdmurray> doko

 15:09 <doko> - GCC 9.3 release, fixed self-inclicted breakage

 15:09 <doko> - GCC 8.4 backport for bionic

 15:09 <doko> - python / python-dev removals from build dependencies

 15:09 <doko> - contributed to what-is-python

 15:09 <doko> - various uploads to get ruby-defaults/icu/boost1.71 in migratable shape (output_notest)

 15:09 <doko> - 360

 15:09 <doko> (done)

 15:09 <bdmurray> slyon:

 15:09 <slyon> * joined the team this week

 15:09 <slyon> * worked on a pull-request to integate initial NetworkManager GSM support into netplan

 15:09 <slyon> * worked on netplan's unittests, to get code coverage up to 100%

 15:09 <slyon> * looking into netplan's failing integration tests for focal (looks like the NetworkManager update v1.20 -> 1.22 broke

 15:09 <slyon> (done)

 15:09 <bdmurray> #topic Release incoming bugs

 15:10 <bdmurray> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ff-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 15:11 <bdmurray> bug 1862775 isn't about one of our packages but...

 15:11 <ubottu> bug 1862775 in terminator (Ubuntu) "[MIR] terminator (dependency of apport)" [High,Incomplete] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1862775

 15:12 <bdmurray> This is still on the component mismatches

 15:13 <bdmurray> So how could we resolve this?

 15:13 <doko> add real alternatives, not just a virtual one

 15:13 <doko> one for kde, one for gtk/gnome

 15:13 <xnox> doko:  it's only pulling it in on i86

 15:13 <doko> kterm? gome-terminal?

 15:13 <xnox> doko:  it's only pulling it in on i386 which has no gtk/gnome nor kde

 15:14 <xnox> doko:  via arch:all packages

 15:14 <doko> well, then make the dep [!i386]

 15:14 <xnox> doko:  one cannot have arch specific deps on arch:all packages

 15:14 <bdmurray> okay, so it is something we should fix in apport

 15:14 <doko> promote xterm

 15:14 <xnox> no

 15:14 <xnox> we should make components missmatches ignore i386

 15:14 <xnox> because this shit is unsustainable.

 15:15 <doko> no, that would be bad too

 15:15 <xnox> arch:all packages will continiusly pull in random crap, which we chose not to build on i386 into main

 15:15 <doko> or limit that to arch-all packages

 15:15 <xnox> or like it should look at i386-blacklist packages and consider them to be "available" for the purpose of components missmatches

 15:16 * juliank approves this message

 15:16 <xnox> well, arch-all packages that are in i386-whitelist should be considered

 15:16 <xnox> if they are not in the i386-whitelist that should only do components missmatches across !i386

 15:16 <xnox> shall we card that as a task?

 15:16 * xnox lives a comment on the bug, if we agree?!

 15:17 <bdmurray> live it

 15:17 <bdmurray> bug 1860359 also not our package but what is the smallest size of the efi boot partition?

 15:17 <ubottu> bug 1860359 in Ubuntu "bug in public documentation" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1860359

 15:19 <bdmurray> xnox will comment on that bug

 15:19 <bdmurray> bug 1861082

 15:19 <ubottu> bug 1861082 in snapd "ubuntu-bug doesn't know how to file bugs against snaps" [Medium,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1861082

 15:20 <bdmurray> we've talked about this before but is it work we want to take on for this release?

 15:20 <rbalint> didn't we take this?

 15:21 <bdmurray> I don't see a card for it.

 15:24 <bdmurray> Let's card it and create a special case for subiquity at a minimum.

 15:25 <bdmurray> bug 1867065 we talked about last week

 15:25 <ubottu> bug 1867065 in casper (Ubuntu) "Installer hangs at boot on machine" [Critical,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1867065

 15:27 <bdmurray> That is part of the spinner theme group of bugs

 15:28 <bdmurray> bug 1866659 - sil2100 isn't that normal?

 15:28 <ubottu> bug 1866659 in ubiquity (Ubuntu) "Xubuntu 20.04 has incomplete language support of offline install" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1866659

 15:32 <sil2100> Let's leave it as incoming and wait for the reporter to answer xnox's valid question

 15:32 <bdmurray> Is there somebody who can test bug 1858013?

 15:32 <ubottu> bug 1858013 in ubiquity (Ubuntu) "20.04 installer doesn't note power cable status on 'prepare to install' window" [Medium,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1858013

 15:33 <bdmurray> Actually I'll do that.

 15:34 <bdmurray> #topic Team proposed-migration report

 15:34 <bdmurray> #link http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs

 15:35 <doko> openssh: in review by security

 15:36 <bdmurray> python-apt - juliank?

 15:37 <juliank> bdmurray: nothing to do on the apt stuff

 15:37 <juliank> bdmurray: it's waiting for ruby-debian

 15:37 <bdmurray> juliank: right I found that in the last meeting's log

 15:37 <xnox> i think i am back

 15:37 <doko> icu/nodejs: http://autopkgtest.ubuntu.com/packages/n/node-chokidar/focal/amd64

 15:37 <xnox> i think i am back

 15:37 <slyon> xnox, wb

 15:38 <bdmurray> Is there somebody who'd like to look at nodejs?

 15:39 <doko> icu/webkit2gtk: http://autopkgtest.ubuntu.com/packages/r/ruby-gnome/focal/ppc64el

 15:40 <doko> http://autopkgtest.ubuntu.com/packages/s/sphinx/focal/ppc64el

 15:40 <doko> http://autopkgtest.ubuntu.com/packages/s/sphinx/focal/s390x

 15:40 * sil2100 won't have any free cycles this week for sure

 15:41 <bdmurray> rbalint: can you look at nodejs?

 15:41 <rbalint> bdmurray, sure

 15:41 <rbalint> bdmurray, carding it

 15:41 <bdmurray> rbalint: thanks

 15:41 <doko> I'll look at sphinx

 15:43 <bdmurray> I'll look at kazoo

 15:44 <bdmurray> xnox: will look at python-fabio for a bit

 15:44 <bdmurray> #topic AOB

 15:45 <juliank> I'm playing with iwd

 15:45 <bdmurray> Steve is out today and next week

 15:46 <bdmurray> alright if there is nothing else

 15:46 <bdmurray> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)