== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team, 25 Jun at 15:01 &mdash; 16:02 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2020/ubuntu-meeting.2020-06-25-15.01.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning rounds ===
The discussion about "Lightning rounds" started at 15:01.


=== Release incoming bugs ===
The discussion about "Release incoming bugs" started at 15:10.

  * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-gg-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs 
  * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-gg-incoming-bug-tasks.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ff-incoming-bug-tasks.html 

=== Team proposed-migration report ===
The discussion about "Team proposed-migration report" started at 15:44.

  * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs 

=== AOB ===
The discussion about "AOB" started at 16:00.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * bdmurray (67)
 * vorlon (62)
 * xnox (28)
 * sil2100 (27)
 * ubottu (22)
 * slyon (16)
 * waveform (11)
 * rbalint (10)
 * juliank (9)
 * mclemenceau (4)
 * rafaeldtinoco (3)
 * meetingology (3)
 * cpaelzer_ (2)



== Full Log ==


 15:01 <bdmurray> #startmeeting Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team

 15:01 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Jun 25 15:01:12 2020 UTC.  The chair is bdmurray. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 15:01 <meetingology> 

 15:01 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 15:01 <rbalint> o/

 15:01 <bdmurray> #topic Lightning rounds

 15:01 <mclemenceau> o/

 15:01 <bdmurray> echo $(shuf -e vorlon bdmurray xnox tdaitx doko sil2100 rbalint infinity mwhudson juliank waveform slyon)

 15:01 <bdmurray> slyon mwhudson vorlon doko juliank bdmurray rbalint waveform xnox infinity tdaitx sil2100

 15:01 <bdmurray> slyon: you win

 15:02 <slyon> - Prepared ubuntu-bug/apport snap handling SRU, bug #1861082

 15:02 <slyon> - debugged go/badger 2.0.3-1 armhf/32bit build, bug #1884753

 15:02 <slyon> * upstream is aware of recurring 32bit failures

 15:02 <slyon> * currently no fix available, they want to setup 32bit CI

 15:02 <slyon> * https://github.com/dgraph-io/badger/issues/1384

 15:02 <slyon> === Netplan ===

 15:02 <slyon> - Supporting community on IRC

 15:02 <slyon> - Finished & merged last OpenVSwitch features & tests, PR#147

 15:02 <slyon> - Reviewed community tunnel TLL PR#139

 15:02 <slyon> * waiting on contributor activity

 15:02 <slyon> - Reviewed (big) community Wireguard PR#113

 15:02 <slyon> * waiting on contributor activity

 15:02 <ubottu> bug 1861082 in snapd "[SRU] ubuntu-bug doesn't know how to file bugs against snaps" [Medium,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1861082

 15:02 <ubottu> bug 1884753 in badger (Ubuntu) "Fix armhf build" [Undecided,Incomplete] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1884753

 15:02 <bdmurray> slyon: all done?

 15:02 <vorlon> bdmurray: please come back to me later

 15:02 <slyon> - Prepared new upstream branch & some cleanup for NM plugin RFC

 15:02 <slyon> * gitlab.freedesktop.org/lukas.maerdian/NetworkManager/-/tree/nms-netplan

 15:02 <slyon> (done)

 15:02 <bdmurray> juliank:

 15:03 <juliank> so this might take a bit

 15:03 <juliank> * more work on grub, testing of changes

 15:03 <juliank> * some apt debugging

 15:03 <juliank> * synced nano

 15:03 <juliank> * getting used to mattermost

 15:04 <juliank> and I think that's it

 15:04 <juliank> mattermost was distracting

 15:04 <bdmurray> updated error tracker job for restarting dead retracers in production

 15:04 <bdmurray> update-notifier removed avahi .local notification support. LP: #1874192

 15:04 <bdmurray> merged new version libuv1 from debian - resolving autopkgtest failure

 15:04 <bdmurray> created apport bug re package install failures LP: #1884148

 15:04 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1874192 in update-notifier (Ubuntu Groovy) "Remove avahi .local notification support (no longer needed)" [Low,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1874192

 15:04 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1884148 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu Focal) "dist upgrade process passes a number along with package to apport" [Critical,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1884148

 15:04 <bdmurray> uploaded groovy, focal fixes for the above

 15:04 <bdmurray> reviewed, merged apport MP support for ubuntu-bug w/ snaps  LP: #1884221

 15:04 <bdmurray> applied apport patch for dump_acpi_tables.py LP: #1883027

 15:04 <bdmurray> uploaded Focal SRU for dump_acpi_tables.py and ubuntu-bug w/ snaps

 15:04 <bdmurray> submitted RT #126464 regarding adding of groovy images to jaas

 15:04 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1884221 in apport (Ubuntu) "`ubuntu-bug` fails with "UnboundLocalError: local variable 'project' referenced before assignment"" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1884221

 15:04 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1883027 in apport (Ubuntu Groovy) "dump_acpi_tables.py: fix incorrect output and change format" [Medium,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1883027

 15:04 <bdmurray> finished resolving python-memprof autopkgtest failures

 15:04 <bdmurray> SRU special review of fwupd

 15:05 <bdmurray> âœ” done

 15:05 <bdmurray> rbalint:

 15:05 <rbalint> * +1 maintenance

 15:05 <rbalint> * + proposed gardening

 15:05 <rbalint> * partner work

 15:05 <rbalint> * getting used to mattermost (ongoing :-))

 15:05 <rbalint> (done)

 15:05 <bdmurray> waveform:

 15:05 <waveform> * Added MIR for libubootenv-tool and libubootenv0.1 (LP: #1885142)

 15:05 <waveform> * More work on pibootctl

 15:05 <waveform> * Finished packaging of rpi-eeprom (LP: #1884748)

 15:05 <waveform> * Tested rpi-eeprom tools (and configurations) on several models of Pi 4

 15:05 <waveform> * Investigated UEFI status on Pi

 15:05 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1885142 in u-boot (Ubuntu) "[MIR] libubootenv-tool, libubootenv0.1" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1885142

 15:05 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1884748 in Ubuntu "[needs-packaging] rpi-eeprom" [Wishlist,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1884748

 15:05 <waveform> * Finished writing proposal for removal of u-boot (including design of A/B boot for Core)

 15:05 <waveform> * Set up matterircd ... it's nice!

 15:06 <waveform> (done)

 15:06 <bdmurray> xnox:

 15:06 <xnox> 25th June:

 15:06 <xnox> Uploaded a few things for CET enablement

 15:06 <xnox> Built riscv64 core20 which store is rejecting

 15:06 <xnox> Building LXD images for riscv64

 15:06 <xnox> cd-boot-images / d-i deprecation:

 15:06 <xnox> awaiting reviews/merges/deployments of debian-cd branches

 15:06 <xnox> otherwise, all udebs are demoted, and empty debian-installer is parked in groovy-proposed

 15:06 <xnox> matterleast

 15:06 <xnox> reviewing grub bugfixes / testing changes

 15:06 <xnox> casper SRU for .1 uploaded to unapproved

 15:06 <xnox> Filed "travel" request to Linux Plumbers conference

 15:07 <xnox> done

 15:07 <bdmurray> tdaitx_:

 15:07 <bdmurray> sil2100:

 15:07 <sil2100> - SRU reviews and releases

 15:07 <sil2100> * ...also reviewed snapd, that was a big one!

 15:07 <sil2100> - netplan:

 15:07 <sil2100> * Working on SR-IOV first boot improvements - still didn't find the right way

 15:07 <sil2100> * Revieved the OVS controller PR from Lukas

 15:08 <sil2100> * Reviewed the OVS patch-port (and more) PR from Lukas

 15:08 <sil2100> * Prepared updated OVS test packages for James and others

 15:08 <sil2100> * Looked into the new concept for ActivationMode networkd changes

 15:08 <sil2100> - Released new old pi3/cm3/pi2 gadgets with the missing slots added

 15:08 <sil2100> - Looked into why the core18 fails to upload to the store

 15:08 <sil2100> - Prepared experimental MP for passing arbitrary model names to livecd-rootfs UC builds

 15:08 <sil2100> - Prepared an MP for cdimage to enable ubuntu-appliances as a project (one possible approach)

 15:08 <sil2100> - Prepared an experimental MP for enabling appliances via channels (second possible approach)

 15:08 <sil2100> - Did some testing on the above branches

 15:08 <sil2100> - Sent out a request for comment to Steve

 15:08 <sil2100> - Prepared tracking documents for point-releases, set up meetings

 15:08 <sil2100> - Coordinated a bit regarding kernel cycles for the pointy releases

 15:08 <sil2100> - Looked into the sosreport SRU exception

 15:08 <sil2100> - Mattermost!

 15:08 <sil2100> (done)

 15:08 <bdmurray> sil2100: what is the status of the sosreport exception?

 15:08 <bdmurray> vorlon: ready?

 15:09 <vorlon> y

 15:09 <vorlon> * was off on Tuesday

 15:09 <vorlon> * working on the R transition and the connected gdal transition

 15:09 <vorlon> * cdimage, debian-cd reviews

 15:09 <vorlon> * archive adminnery (process-removals, new processing)

 15:09 <vorlon> * Canonical-internal chat transition

 15:09 <vorlon> (done)

 15:10 <sil2100> bdmurray: I am fine with it, but wanted maybe to come up with a nice SRU template with Eric

 15:10 <sil2100> Thought that's not super critical

 15:10 <bdmurray> sil2100: okay, telling other SRU team members that you are on it might be nice

 15:10 <bdmurray> #topic Release incoming bugs

 15:11 <bdmurray> bug 1865226

 15:11 <ubottu> bug 1865226 in gdm3 (Ubuntu) "gdm-smartcard pam config needs to be updated for Ubuntu and installed" [Low,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1865226

 15:12 <vorlon> I had asked on this bug why there's a pam task

 15:12 <vorlon> xnox: explain yourself

 15:12 <xnox> vorlon:  where?

 15:12 <vorlon> [LINK] http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-gg-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 15:12 <vorlon> xnox: on the above bug, that you opened a pam task on

 15:12 <xnox> vorlon:  because we need to fix default pam things to include stuff in the right order, no?

 15:12 <bdmurray> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-gg-incoming-bug-tasks.html

 15:12 <xnox> (the ones shipped by pam)

 15:12 <xnox> unless i am wrong

 15:12 <vorlon> there is no mention of that in the bug

 15:13 <xnox> hm, i guess should be set to incomplete

 15:13 <vorlon> all the bug says is "the gdm-smartcard pam config is missing from the package"

 15:13 <xnox> i thought it's needed, based on irc chat which is now gone

 15:13 <vorlon> heh

 15:13 <xnox> invalid then

 15:14 <vorlon> bdmurray: next bug?

 15:14 <bdmurray> bug 1878225 seems to already have a card tag

 15:14 <ubottu> bug 1878225 in snapd (Ubuntu) "snapd.seeded.service waits forever (?) to have snaps seeded in LXD on s390x and arm64 " [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1878225

 15:15 <rbalint> bdmurray, i'm working with the relavant teams on that

 15:15 <bdmurray> which package are we subscribed to here

 15:16 <bdmurray> autopkgtest - is there a really a task for that package?

 15:16 <rbalint> bdmurray, there may be

 15:16 <bdmurray> okay

 15:16 <rbalint> bdmurray, it is not clear were the failure is coming from

 15:16 <bdmurray> bug 1884771

 15:16 <ubottu> bug 1884771 in command-not-found (Ubuntu) "Please publish cnf data for riscv64" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1884771

 15:16 <sil2100> bdmurray: whoops!

 15:19 <bdmurray> Well that seems useful so lets take it

 15:19 <bdmurray> but not a priority

 15:19 <bdmurray> bug 1860620

 15:19 <ubottu> bug 1860620 in ubuntu-meta (Ubuntu) "ubuntu-desktop-minimal should not depend on mysql libs" [Undecided,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1860620

 15:20 <vorlon> this is desktop team

 15:20 <bdmurray> They aren't subscribed to ubuntu-meta

 15:20 <vorlon> are they subscribed to ubuntu-meta right

 15:20 <vorlon> assign, then?

 15:21 <bdmurray> oh they are

 15:21 <bdmurray> so a comment that they should look at it then

 15:21 <vorlon> ok, comment added

 15:21 <bdmurray> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ff-incoming-bug-tasks.html

 15:22 <bdmurray> the first 3 are desktop

 15:22 <bdmurray> bug 1872560 is incomplete afaik

 15:22 <ubottu> bug 1872560 in whoopsie (Ubuntu) "integer overflow in whoopsie 0.2.69" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1872560

 15:23 <bdmurray> bug 1875062 - is that a dupe xnox?

 15:23 <ubottu> bug 1875062 in ubiquity (Ubuntu) "[20.04] Keyboard layout not enabled immediately during installation when typing username/password" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1875062

 15:25 <bdmurray> lets take that for 20.04.1

 15:25 <mclemenceau> k carded

 15:25 <bdmurray> bug 1880193

 15:25 <ubottu> bug 1880193 in autofs (Ubuntu) "autofs: Assertion 'set_remove(iterator->links, link) == link' failed at src/shared/userdb.c:314, function userdb_on_query_reply(). Aborting." [Medium,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1880193

 15:27 <xnox> usecase is valid,

 15:27 <xnox> probably should be fixed....

 15:27 <bdmurray> let's take it and card it, but target it for focal-updates

 15:28 <mclemenceau> ok carded

 15:28 <xnox> cpaelzer_:  rbasak: ^ do you think server team can look at this autofs bug too?

 15:28 <xnox> (server are also subscribers)

 15:28 <xnox> mclemenceau:  you are

 15:28 <bdmurray> bug 1883027 I already uploaded so the tag needs removing

 15:28 <ubottu> bug 1883027 in apport (Ubuntu Groovy) "dump_acpi_tables.py: fix incorrect output and change format" [Medium,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1883027

 15:29 <bdmurray> bug 1867007 we've talked about before ... should we tag it notfixing?

 15:29 <ubottu> bug 1867007 in systemd (Ubuntu) "zfs-initramfs fails with multiple rpool on separate disks" [Low,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1867007

 15:29 <vorlon> it's marked low, so probably

 15:29 <vorlon> (and I guess you can't get into this state via the installer)

 15:30 <bdmurray> okay, let's change the tag

 15:30 <bdmurray> bug 1571506

 15:30 <ubottu> bug 1571506 in initramfs-tools (Ubuntu) "update-initramfs should include firmware from /lib/firmware/updates" [Wishlist,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1571506

 15:34 <cpaelzer_> rafaeldtinoco: you are looking at autofs atm, ^^ what is your answer to xnox's question?

 15:34 <bdmurray> bug 1878596

 15:34 <ubottu> Error: Could not gather data from Launchpad for bug #1878596 (https://launchpad.net/bugs/1878596). The error has been logged

 15:35 <bdmurray> Well its a subiquity bug

 15:35 <bdmurray> and assigned to us so card it

 15:35 * vorlon nods

 15:36 <mclemenceau> done

 15:36 <bdmurray> the openjdk-lts bug is incomplete

 15:36 <bdmurray> bug 1678112

 15:36 <ubottu> bug 1678112 in grub2 (Ubuntu) "lvm cache support lost in zesty" [Undecided,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1678112

 15:39 <bdmurray> the next two are about dchp server crashs

 15:40 <bdmurray> no server team help here :-(

 15:40 <vorlon> somehow we share isc-dhcp with security team, not server :)

 15:41 <rafaeldtinoco> sorry on a call

 15:42 <rafaeldtinoco> cpaelzer_: I can take a look

 15:42 <rafaeldtinoco> (autofs it is)

 15:42 <bdmurray> well this definitely bears investigation / fixing

 15:42 <vorlon> I would punt LP: #1872106 for now, it's not clear to me at a glance how common the affected configurations are and I don't think we actually have capacity

 15:42 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1872106 in isc-dhcp (Ubuntu) "isc-dhcp-server crashing constantly [Ubuntu 20.04]" [Undecided,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1872106

 15:42 <vorlon> ditto LP: #1872118

 15:42 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1872118 in isc-dhcp (Ubuntu) "DHCP Cluster crashes after a few hours" [Undecided,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1872118

 15:43 <vorlon> can we leave these untriaged for now and revisit next week?

 15:43 <bdmurray> sure, lets move onto proposed

 15:44 <bdmurray> #topic Team proposed-migration report

 15:44 <vorlon> [LINK] https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs

 15:44 <xnox> cpaelzer_:  i wonder if ^^^^ are regressions from bind libs switcheroo. They didn't flip between /lib and /usr/lib right?

 15:44 <xnox> (isc-dhcp bugs)

 15:45 <vorlon> golang is still stuck due to hashicorp pain, I think we leave this with mwhudson

 15:45 <vorlon> python-secretstorage is the MIR

 15:45 <vorlon> vim is mine

 15:45 <cpaelzer_> ahasenack: bind question ^^

 15:45 <vorlon> libarchive is assigned to doko, carry-over

 15:46 <vorlon> juliank: you still have make-dfsg?

 15:46 <juliank> um, yeah

 15:46 <vorlon> ok

 15:46 <juliank> needs bisecting :/

 15:46 <vorlon> cdebconf is doko, carry over

 15:47 <vorlon> dbus, I don't see that we had discussed before; must have been stuck waiting on autopkgtest queues

 15:47 <vorlon> but failure reproducible in release pocket so I'll hint it

 15:47 <vorlon> glibc, who can take this?

 15:48 <vorlon> (probably a lot of autopkgtest retries)

 15:51 <vorlon> xnox: thanks for volunteering

 15:51 <vorlon> fonts-font-awesome

 15:51 <vorlon> why is a font regressing autopkgtests

 15:51 <vorlon> and why do we own this font :)

 15:51 <bdmurray> because its awesome?

 15:51 <vorlon> every font is awesome, when you're part of a team

 15:52 <vorlon> apparently it comes via sphinx

 15:52 <vorlon> anyway, the failing autopkgtests are cross-arch, so it's probably a quick thing to verify they're regressed in release and hint them

 15:53 <vorlon> I'm triggering the retries with --no-proposed now, who can follow up on the results?

 15:53 <vorlon> slyon: ?

 15:53 <xnox> ack

 15:53 <slyon> ok

 15:53 <vorlon> gcc-10, missing builds, I think this waits for doko

 15:54 <vorlon> libtype-tiny-perl vs libgitlab-api-v4-perl: I've retriggered, waveform can you follow up on this?

 15:54 <vorlon> waveform: and also lintian vs libtype-tiny-perl

 15:54 <waveform> vorlon, ok

 15:55 <vorlon> bdmurray: could you take ucf?

 15:56 <bdmurray> okay

 15:56 <vorlon> gcc-9, also build failures; xnox, you want this removed from -proposed?

 15:56 <sil2100> ubuntu-image - I have a fix for this, let me upload it later

 15:56 <sil2100> Missed notifications that it FTBFS

 15:56 <xnox> vorlon:  yes please

 15:56 <sil2100> (unit-test failure)

 15:56 <vorlon> xnox: done

 15:57 <vorlon> doko: ^^ gcc-9 backed out of groovy-proposed due to build failures fyi

 15:57 <vorlon> sil2100: ubuntu-image ftbfs, are you on this?

 15:57 <sil2100> vorlon: yes ^

 15:57 <vorlon> thanks

 15:59 <vorlon> bzip2 vs cmake + lintian... who doesn't have enough packages yet to look at? :)

 15:59 <vorlon> I think I'll take this one

 16:00 <vorlon> I think I'll just skip the rest of these for now

 16:00 <vorlon> there's enough there for folks to work on, and we're down a few people, so I don't expect us to catch up on these before next week

 16:00 <vorlon> bdmurray:

 16:00 <bdmurray> #topic AOB

 16:00 <rbalint> i'll be out tomorrow and on Monday

 16:01 <waveform> same here

 16:01 <waveform> (using up holidays and working on a bonkers huge piwheels transition)

 16:02 <bdmurray> alright, thanks everybody

 16:02 <bdmurray> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)