== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team, 16 Jan at 16:01 &mdash; 16:59 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2020/ubuntu-meeting.2020-01-16-16.01.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning rounds ===
The discussion about "Lightning rounds" started at 16:01.


=== Release incoming bugs ===
The discussion about "Release incoming bugs" started at 16:10.

  * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ff-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs 
  * ''LINK:'' http://autopkgtest.ubuntu.com/packages/p/python2.7/focal/arm64 
  * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ee-incoming-bug-tasks.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-bb-incoming-bug-tasks.html 

=== Team proposed-migration report ===
The discussion about "Team proposed-migration report" started at 16:33.

  * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs 
  * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/license-reconcile/+bug/1859994 

=== AOB ===
The discussion about "AOB" started at 16:53.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * vorlon (71)
 * bdmurray (59)
 * xnox (31)
 * sil2100 (23)
 * doko (21)
 * juliank (19)
 * rbalint (17)
 * tdaitx (15)
 * ubottu (9)
 * waveform (8)
 * seb128 (6)
 * meetingology (3)



== Full Log ==


 16:01 <bdmurray> #startmeeting Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team

 16:01 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Jan 16 16:01:30 2020 UTC.  The chair is bdmurray. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:01 <meetingology> 

 16:01 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 16:01 <bdmurray> #topic Lightning rounds

 16:02 <bdmurray> echo $(shuf -e vorlon bdmurray xnox tdaitx doko sil2100 rbalint infinity mwhudson juliank waveform)

 16:02 <bdmurray> mwhudson sil2100 xnox doko rbalint bdmurray vorlon tdaitx infinity waveform juliank

 16:02 <bdmurray> sil2100: you win?

 16:02 <juliank> I lose again :(

 16:02 <xnox> or do I win?

 16:02 <sil2100> Can I be skipped for a moment? Not ready!

 16:02 <xnox> 16th January:

 16:03 <xnox> Gnutls28 & nss with tlsv1.2 minimum migrated to focal release

 16:03 <xnox> Openssl is practically ready, only waiting on a few builds to finish building & testing to be fixed (i.e. linux & python2 fallout)

 16:03 <xnox> Trying to unwind other unrelated fallouts due to year 2020 bugs (openssh / mysql-8.0 / etc)

 16:03 <xnox> Trying to get cmake/cmake-extras/et.al. to migrate

 16:03 <xnox> Merging PR for uc20 core20 & pc-gadget. Working at integration with snap-bootstrap managed cryptsetup

 16:03 <xnox> Prep for cape town sprint next week

 16:03 <xnox> Off tomorrow, swap day.

 16:03 <xnox> (done)

 16:03 <bdmurray> doko:

 16:03 <doko> python2 removal, fix or remove some 250 packages

 16:03 <doko> - some -proposed migration work

 16:03 <doko> - first binutils fix for arm64, but still problems. will likely need some rebuilds

 16:03 <doko> - looking at armhf bus errors in GCC.

 16:03 <doko> - reducing GCC ICEs on ppc64el

 16:03 <doko> (done)

 16:04 <bdmurray> rbalint:

 16:04 <rbalint> (short week due to holidays)

 16:04 <rbalint> * uploads via Debian: shadow 4.8, wireshark 3.2.0

 16:04 <rbalint> * rebuilt and reuploaded and verified binutils with -security only to SRU it properly for LP: #1843479

 16:04 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1843479 in binutils "gzip in Ubuntu Eoan results in Exec format error on WSL1" [Medium,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1843479

 16:04 <rbalint> * dropped systemd 244.1 from focal-proposed due to regression to be fully triaged later

 16:04 <rbalint> * fixed flatbuffers FTBFS in Salsa

 16:04 <rbalint> * partner work

 16:04 <rbalint> (done)

 16:04 <bdmurray> its a me!

 16:05 <bdmurray> investigation into stale package team mapping json file

 16:05 <bdmurray> looked in to potential automake-1.16 fixes from upstream

 16:05 <bdmurray> remembering how bileto works

 16:05 <bdmurray> updated walinux-agent to version 2.2.45

 16:05 <bdmurray> review of candidate take home tests

 16:05 <bdmurray> review of launchpad stock replies MP for bryce

 16:05 <bdmurray> prep for Cape Town sprint

 16:05 <bdmurray> autopkgtest hint to get binutils to migrate in eoan

 16:05 <sil2100> I'm ready if anything o/

 16:05 <bdmurray> done‽

 16:05 <bdmurray> sil2100:

 16:05 <sil2100> - Was still off last week

 16:05 <sil2100> - SRU reviews and releases

 16:05 <sil2100> - Did the bin-copy dance for gcc-7-cross* packages

 16:05 <sil2100> - 18.04.4:

 16:05 <sil2100> * Lot's of coordination between teams

 16:05 <sil2100> * Prepared release tracking document, keeping it up-to-date

 16:05 <sil2100> * Kicked off a test build for the pi4

 16:06 <sil2100> * Prepped livecd-rootfs to pull in the right raspi2 kernel

 16:06 <sil2100> * Checked if the gadget tree will support the new kernel pull

 16:06 <sil2100> * Some minor related work

 16:06 <sil2100> - ubuntu-image:

 16:06 <sil2100> * Finally prepared PR to not remove /boot/grub contents in u-i image builds

 16:06 <sil2100> * Reviewed some u-i PR's

 16:06 <sil2100> * Looked into the u-i issues with uc20 builds, prepared a card for it

 16:06 <sil2100> - Prepared some missing MRs for the .disk/info bits for ubuntu-image builds

 16:06 <sil2100> * Had a chat with Colin and found an existing thing we can use

 16:06 <sil2100> (done)

 16:06 <bdmurray> vorlon:

 16:06 <vorlon> * i386:

 16:06 <vorlon> * the uninstallable count is down to zero \o/

 16:06 <vorlon> * working on britney patches to reduce the number of mis-triggers (and mis-blocks) of i386 autopkgtests

 16:06 <vorlon> * still a list of failing autopkgtests of whitelisted i386 packages to analyze

 16:06 <vorlon> * finalizing plan for /usr/bin/python deprecation

 16:06 <vorlon> * finalizing spec for openvswitch support in netplan

 16:06 <vorlon> * 18.04.4 planning discussions

 16:06 <vorlon> (done)

 16:06 <tdaitx> - updated snap to include both full and sample testsuite and to fix some snapcraft warnings

 16:06 <tdaitx> - rerunning with samples and saving generated artifacts, enabled javatest plugin, investigating how to access artifacts from previous run

 16:06 <tdaitx> * openjdk security updated

 16:06 <tdaitx> - backported 11.0.6 to bionic, disco, and eoan, checked that 11.0.6 test results are sane

 16:06 <tdaitx> - building and testing 8u242-b07, applied JDK-8234288 to fix LP: #1859217

 16:07 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1859217 in openjdk-8 (Ubuntu) "openjdk8 update 8u232-b09-0ubuntu1~18.04.1 breaks Timestamp values for timezones that change DST observance" [Undecided,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1859217

 16:07 <tdaitx> - waiting for openjdk 8 GA (b07 is still under test upstream, so a b08 might happen)

 16:07 <tdaitx> * apport O_PATH fix (LP: #1851806)

 16:07 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1851806 in apport (Ubuntu) "'module' object has no attribute 'O_PATH'" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1851806

 16:07 <tdaitx> - uploaded changes, autopkgtest is failing

 16:07 <tdaitx> Other:

 16:07 <tdaitx> - Out next week (on a 6 days tap workshop), will take my laptop in case openjdk regresses

 16:07 <tdaitx> (done)

 16:07 <bdmurray> infinity isn't here, may still be ill

 16:07 <bdmurray> waveform:

 16:07 <waveform> * Reviewed sil2100's livecd-rootfs+ubuntu-image patches

 16:07 <waveform> * Hardware verification of daily-preinstalled image on various pis

 16:07 <waveform> * Finished uboot script migration for the bionic raspi2 image

 16:07 <waveform> * Forward porting changes to focal for SRU

 16:07 <waveform> * Tested script migration on all other variants; finally looks good

 16:07 <waveform> * Looking at fribidi

 16:07 <waveform> (done)

 16:08 <bdmurray> juliank:

 16:08 <juliank> So

 16:08 <juliank> - released apt 1.9.6, disables regex/fnmatch parsing of package names on apt(8)

 16:09 <juliank> - released apt 1.9.7, fixing regression from 1.9.6, and a regression from 1.9.0 - apt-daily services were being restarted again

 16:09 <juliank> packagekit sync

 16:09 <juliank> aptdaemon python2 removal fixes

 16:10 <juliank> (done)

 16:10 <bdmurray> #topic Release incoming bugs

 16:10 <bdmurray> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ff-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 16:11 <bdmurray> bug 1859780

 16:11 <ubottu> bug 1859780 in netplan.io (Ubuntu) "Tests are failing in focal / with the new n-m version" [High,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1859780

 16:12 <bdmurray> Well that seems worth carding / taking

 16:14 <bdmurray> so doing so

 16:14 <bdmurray> bug 1859610

 16:14 <ubottu> bug 1859610 in libffi (Ubuntu) "python-gi/arm64 segfaults with the focal-proposed libffi version" [High,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1859610

 16:14 <bdmurray> seb128: ^ that's arm64 specific?

 16:15 <bdmurray> doko: can you look at this?

 16:16 <xnox> bdmurray:  i thought this is in progress

 16:16 <bdmurray> xnox: can you cite your source?

 16:16 <sil2100> quotation needed

 16:16 <xnox> bdmurray:  alpha standup on monday?

 16:17 <xnox> http://autopkgtest.ubuntu.com/packages/p/python2.7/focal/arm64

 16:17 <xnox> ^

 16:17 <bdmurray> okay, let's card that for further investigation

 16:17 <doko> bdmurray: yes, I'll have a look

 16:18 <xnox> autopkgtest for python2.7/2.7.17-1: amd64: Pass, arm64: Regression ♻ , armhf: Pass, i386: Ignored failure, ppc64el: Pass, s390x: Pass

 16:18 <xnox> under libffi in update_excuses

 16:18 <seb128> bdmurray, yes it is

 16:18 <seb128> bdmurray, that's blocking half of the world though, see all the arm64 items on https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html

 16:19 <seb128> bdmurray, can we get the priority for that one raised? it's really locking lot of things...

 16:20 <bdmurray> seb128: yes, we'll get a card created and prioritized

 16:20 <seb128> bdmurray, thx

 16:20 <bdmurray> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ee-incoming-bug-tasks.html

 16:20 <bdmurray> bug 1843109

 16:20 <ubottu> bug 1843109 in update-manager (Ubuntu) "update-manager crashed with AttributeError in checkFreeSpace(): 'MyCache' object has no attribute 'quirks'" [Medium,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1843109

 16:21 <doko> seb128: did you find a test case for that one?

 16:21 <bdmurray> "extra_snap_space" sil2100 that looks like your code

 16:21 <seb128> doko, the testcase is in the bug description

 16:21 <seb128> doko, I could reproduce on a canonistack fresh instance

 16:22 <bdmurray> sil2100: from the Traceback

 16:22 <sil2100> Ouchy

 16:22 <sil2100> I'll take it

 16:23 <bdmurray> sil2100: okay, thanks

 16:23 <bdmurray> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-bb-incoming-bug-tasks.html

 16:24 <bdmurray> bug 1858203

 16:24 <ubottu> bug 1858203 in glibc (Ubuntu) "Patch for glibc Bug 23538 - "Hang in pthread_cond_broadcast" not available on Ubuntu LTS" [Undecided,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1858203

 16:25 <bdmurray> let's target that and card it

 16:25 <bdmurray> bug 1854839

 16:25 <ubottu> bug 1854839 in debian-installer (Ubuntu) "Fresh Bionic install hangs forever at 66% waiting for os-prober" [Undecided,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1854839

 16:31 * juliank removed os-prober completely because it sort of breaks with lvm snapshots

 16:31 <xnox> juliank:  indeed.

 16:31 <xnox> and zfs

 16:31 <juliank> (sort of because i have a ton of (thin) snapshots and it mounts them each)

 16:32 * juliank uses snapper for / on XFS on thinpool

 16:32 <rbalint> bdmurray, this bug has a workaround and does not seem to affect a lot of people

 16:32 <bdmurray> I'll look around and see if more people are experiencing this.

 16:32 <rbalint> +1

 16:32 <bdmurray> that's it for rls bugs

 16:33 <bdmurray> #topic Team proposed-migration report

 16:33 <bdmurray> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs

 16:33 <bdmurray> vorlon: can you do that thing you do?

 16:34 <bdmurray> automake-1.16 I'm still working on

 16:34 <vorlon> yes, doing

 16:34 <vorlon> fribidi: waveform mentioned he's still working on it

 16:34 <vorlon> waveform: do you need any help?

 16:34 <vorlon> bdmurray: do you?

 16:35 <bdmurray> I was stuck with how to use bileto but sil2100 helped me out

 16:35 <bdmurray> So not yet

 16:35 <waveform> vorlon, not yet - only started looking today after finally knocking the u-boot stuff on the head

 16:35 <vorlon> ok

 16:36 <vorlon> doko: infinity took licensecheck et al last time but he's out sick right now, do you want to pick it up?

 16:36 <rbalint> vorlon, i take that one if doko is not interested

 16:36 <rbalint> (or busy)

 16:37 <vorlon> rbalint: it can probably be dispatched more quickly by an AA/MIR team member which is why I suggest doko

 16:37 <rbalint> vorlon, ok

 16:37 <vorlon> python-setuptools: this is a progression not a regression, I'm retrying the test failure with the new version that's now in release

 16:38 <doko> ok

 16:38 <doko> xnox filed a removal bug

 16:38 <vorlon> doko: for which?

 16:39 <doko> license*

 16:39 <vorlon> ...

 16:39 <doko> cross-toolchain-base

 16:39 <vorlon> no removal bug listed on https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/licensecheck

 16:39 <vorlon> doko: anyway, this is yours to follow up on

 16:40 <vorlon> elfutils: I'll look at this, the linux autopkgtest failures are to be ignored by release team (all currently broken due to python->python2 transition) but I'll dig into the makedumpfile failure

 16:40 <vorlon> (makedumpfile was previously broken on ppc64el, looks like it might be flaky now)

 16:40 <xnox> vorlon:  not licensecheck but license-somethingrather which is blocking licencechk

 16:40 <vorlon> doko: you said cross-toolchain-base, is that you volunteering to take it?

 16:41 <vorlon> xnox, doko: ah, ok, I'm removing license-reconcile now

 16:41 <doko> yes, but with low prio

 16:41 <xnox> vorlon:  tah

 16:41 <xnox> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/license-reconcile/+bug/1859994

 16:41 <vorlon> doko: ok

 16:41 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1859994 in license-reconcile (Debian) "RM: license-reconcile broken, unmaintained, RC-buggy, removed from testing, clogging up proposed-migration" [Unknown,New]

 16:41 <vorlon> python-docutils / mercurial

 16:41 <vorlon> rbalint: ?

 16:42 <rbalint> vorlon, blind ack :-)

 16:42 <vorlon> ok

 16:42 <vorlon> pango1.0 is only blocked by dep on new fribidi, no separate action

 16:42 <xnox> rbalint:  does blind-ack doubles the options reward? =)

 16:42 <vorlon> aptdaemon autopkgtest regression blocking lintian

 16:42 <vorlon> juliank: you want aptdaemon? :-)

 16:43 <juliank> one sec

 16:43 <doko> s/?/!/

 16:43 <juliank> that's done

 16:43 <juliank> it just needs britney to run again

 16:43 <vorlon> juliank: ok. then do you want to take the autopkgtest regressions of lintian itself?

 16:44 <juliank> I can, but it looks like a compiler /toolchain bug

 16:44 <vorlon> well, you know where to find compiler/toolchain people if you need help :)

 16:44 <juliank> I think there were fixes, so I guess I'll retry :)

 16:44 <vorlon> pyyaml

 16:45 <vorlon> sil2100: would you like pyyaml?

 16:45 <sil2100> I guess I could try picking it up in-between stuffy

 16:45 <vorlon> ok

 16:45 <vorlon> I'll take lxml / nova, I had been poking already at the nova regressions

 16:46 <vorlon> and paramiko is the same thing, taking

 16:46 <vorlon> tdaitx: can you look at util-linux / cmake-extras?

 16:46 <doko> pillow needs removal

 16:47 <tdaitx> vorlon: yeah, if I can't finish it by tomorrow should I let someone know? I am out next week

 16:47 <vorlon> tdaitx: yes please

 16:47 <vorlon> tdaitx: let your manager know :)

 16:47 <tdaitx> ack

 16:47 <vorlon> openssh, piuparts

 16:47 <vorlon> bdmurray: ^^ ?

 16:48 <xnox> tdaitx:  i think cmake-extras is now all green with all-proposed=1 runs

 16:48 <xnox> tdaitx:  no idea aobut util-linux

 16:48 <bdmurray> I can look but I'm not sure how much time I'll have with CPT

 16:48 <vorlon> fair

 16:49 <vorlon> who can take glib2.0?  there's a few regressions to dig through

 16:49 <vorlon> xnox: ?

 16:49 <vorlon> no, you're traveling

 16:49 <vorlon> needs to be one of doko, rbalint, or juliank

 16:49 <xnox> or drumroll vorlon?

 16:49 <bdmurray> remember mwhudson comes back next week

 16:49 <rbalint> vorlon, looks like me

 16:49 <xnox> =)

 16:49 <xnox> who is not travelling ;-)

 16:49 <vorlon> no, looking forward I don't have capacity for that one

 16:50 <tdaitx> xnox: cmake-extras still fails on arm64 and i386 http://autopkgtest.ubuntu.com/packages/c/cmake-extras

 16:50 <vorlon> ok, glib2.0 to mwhudson

 16:50 <vorlon> gnutls28 is an i386 autopkgtest, I'll just take that :P

 16:50 <tdaitx> unless the page is out of date

 16:50 <doko> did desktop say goodbye to gtk maintenance?

 16:51 <vorlon> and by extension I'll take the gnutls28 failure that's blocking p11-kit

 16:51 <rbalint> hopefully not to gtk3

 16:51 <xnox> tdaitx:  still running. so yeah, need to wait.

 16:51 <vorlon> rbalint: you can have paste

 16:51 <vorlon> doko: you can have pillow

 16:51 <vorlon> juliank: you can have cmake

 16:52 <rbalint> vorlon, ack: paste

 16:52 <vorlon> and I think I'll stop there; there's a few more at the bottom of the list and people can pick them up if they have capacity

 16:52 <doko> vorlon: ftbfs on i386, does it need fixing?

 16:52 <rbalint> vorlon, paste: copied

 16:52 <vorlon> but I think people are full

 16:52 <juliank> ack

 16:52 <vorlon> doko: pillow?

 16:52 <juliank> pillow and paste just ftbfs on i386

 16:52 <vorlon> pillow is in the i386 set

 16:52 <vorlon> paste is not

 16:52 <vorlon> so yes, pillow needs fixed on i386 or dereferenced

 16:52 <xnox> vorlon:  gnutls28 looks like is a very old version. maybe just a retry will fix it.

 16:52 <doko> ok, then looking at pillow :-/

 16:52 <vorlon> (pillow is a build-dep of mir)

 16:53 <juliank> pillow is sbuild-build-depends-pillow-dummy : Depends: python3-cffi but it is not going to be installed

 16:53 <vorlon> bdmurray: done

 16:53 <bdmurray> vorlon: thanks!

 16:53 <juliank> (JFTR)

 16:53 <bdmurray> #topic AOB

 16:53 <bdmurray> I'm on a plane starting tomorrow mid-day

 16:53 <doko> I'm starting the Python 3.8 bump this weekend

 16:54 <vorlon> doko: can we get libffi cleared out?

 16:54 <vorlon> first

 16:55 <bdmurray> and the 20th is a US holiday

 16:55 <vorlon> yep, I'll be away

 16:55 <bdmurray> but only for vorlon I guess

 16:56 <doko> vorlon: connected to openssl, and don't think that's a good idea

 16:57 <vorlon> doko: well, it blocks pygobject for example

 16:58 <vorlon> so it looks to me like there would be entanglement

 16:58 <doko> pygobject doesn't need migrating for the defaults change

 16:58 <vorlon> (and I don't see the interconnection between libffi and openssl)

 16:58 <vorlon> alright

 16:59 <xnox> mclemenceau:  https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ProposedMigration

 16:59 <xnox> is the documentation

 16:59 <bdmurray> alright, thanks everybody

 16:59 <vorlon> thanks!

 16:59 <bdmurray> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)