== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team, 03 Sep at 15:00 &mdash; 15:32 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2020/ubuntu-meeting.2020-09-03-15.00.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning rounds ===
The discussion about "Lightning rounds" started at 15:00.


=== Release incoming bugs ===
The discussion about "Release incoming bugs" started at 15:11.

  * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-gg-incoming-bug-tasks.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ff-incoming-bug-tasks.html 

=== Team proposed-migration report ===
The discussion about "Team proposed-migration report" started at 15:18.

  * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs 

=== AOB ===
The discussion about "AOB" started at 15:27.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * bdmurray (42)
 * sil2100 (28)
 * vorlon (26)
 * juliank (21)
 * slyon (20)
 * ubottu (20)
 * rbalint (17)
 * tdaitx (13)
 * doko (9)
 * waveform (8)
 * meetingology (3)
 * xnox (2)



== Full Log ==


 15:00 <bdmurray> #startmeeting Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team

 15:00 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Sep  3 15:00:40 2020 UTC.  The chair is bdmurray. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 15:00 <meetingology> 

 15:00 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 15:00 <bdmurray> #topic Lightning rounds

 15:00 <juliank> o/

 15:01 <bdmurray> echo $(shuf -e vorlon bdmurray xnox tdaitx doko sil2100 rbalint infinity mwhudson juliank waveform slyon)

 15:01 <bdmurray> vorlon rbalint xnox mwhudson bdmurray infinity doko sil2100 slyon juliank tdaitx waveform

 15:01 <bdmurray> vorlon:

 15:02 <vorlon> * proposed-migration work: haskell, libffi, misc

 15:02 <vorlon> * SRU processing

 15:02 <vorlon> * netplan PR reviews

 15:02 <vorlon> * FFes

 15:02 <vorlon> (done)

 15:02 <bdmurray> rbalint:

 15:02 <rbalint> * sponsored mailman-hyperkitty

 15:02 <rbalint> * merged systemd

 15:02 <rbalint> * got glibc migrated

 15:03 <rbalint> * preparing next glibc and uploaded related packages

 15:03 <rbalint> +1 maintenance, needs to send email about it

 15:03 <rbalint> (done)

 15:03 <bdmurray> xnox_m:

 15:04 <bdmurray> he might be out

 15:04 <rbalint> oh, and just uploaded iptables to switch to nftables!

 15:04 <bdmurray> SRU verification of LP: #1888916, LP: #1611737, LP: #1768855

 15:04 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1888916 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu Focal) "release upgrader can restore sources.list file from a previous release upgrade" [High,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1888916

 15:04 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1611737 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu Bionic) "Can't upgrade from a release if ros packages are installed from ROS servers" [Undecided,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1611737

 15:04 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1768855 in ufraw (Ubuntu Bionic) "ufraw-batch in bionic segfault" [Medium,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1768855

 15:04 <bdmurray> tested LP: #1891952 - still not fixed

 15:04 <bdmurray> review / upload of u-r-u MPs adding esm.ubuntu.com to mirrors.cfg

 15:04 <bdmurray> submitted PR removing apt-clone stuff from ubiquity

 15:04 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1891952 in friendly-recovery (Ubuntu Groovy) "systemd-resolved not started when networking enabled" [High,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1891952

 15:05 <bdmurray> sponsored fix for apport bug LP: #1888352

 15:05 <bdmurray> short week due to holidays

 15:05 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1888352 in apport (Ubuntu Focal) "use builtin dump_acpi_tables.py in hookutils" [Undecided,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1888352

 15:05 <bdmurray> doko:

 15:05 <doko> - short week (Mon, Wed only)

 15:05 <doko> - email backlog

 15:05 <doko> - GCC 10 upload

 15:05 <doko> - meetings

 15:05 <doko> - setting up armhf for LO/GCC debugging

 15:05 <doko> (done)

 15:05 <bdmurray> sil2100:

 15:05 <sil2100> - SRU review and releases

 15:05 <sil2100> - Kernel SRUs

 15:05 <sil2100> - Updating point release processes to include latest improvements

 15:05 <sil2100> - Working on a new appliance in the pipeline - created model assertions, sent for signing

 15:06 <sil2100> - Finalized the xenial .7 changelog and published it to the wiki

 15:06 <sil2100> - Tweaked the infra for continuous delivery of snaps

 15:06 <sil2100> * Finished support for gadget snaps

 15:06 <sil2100> * Changed design so that scripts can build/publish multiple snaps in one run

 15:06 <sil2100> * Prepared cpc_jenkins changes for the jenkins instance for the new approach, merged

 15:06 <sil2100> * Waiting for weekly backport to xenial by the CPC team

 15:06 <sil2100> - Iterating on kassel image debugging

 15:06 <sil2100> - Prepared PR for ubuntu-image UC20 images-too-small fix + tests

 15:06 <sil2100> * Prepared some test images and sent them to certification to see if they're still good

 15:06 <sil2100> * Prepping for a new ubuntu-image release

 15:06 <sil2100> - Netplan reviews, ACKing of the OVS PR, green light for 0.100!

 15:06 <sil2100> - Refresing the OVS netplan test packages to the pre 0.100 version

 15:06 <sil2100> - Reviewing Dan's modified approach to the ActivationMode= networkd option

 15:06 <sil2100> * Started working on a netplan draft using this parameter

 15:06 <sil2100> - Townhall

 15:06 <sil2100> (done)

 15:06 <bdmurray> slyon:

 15:06 <slyon> - Got pexpect reviewed/uploaded to Debian + synced (LP: #1891193)

 15:06 <slyon> - Fixed mailman-hyperkitty ftbfs (LP: #1892881)

 15:06 <slyon> * made zope.interface migrate

 15:06 <slyon> - Collected & summarized results from iwd community testing

 15:06 <slyon> === Netplan ===

 15:06 <slyon> - Commented/rejected "Order of addresses is not defined" (LP: #1766656)

 15:06 <slyon> - Fixed "Flush IPs of NM managed interfaces" (LP: #1870561)

 15:06 <slyon> - Implemented ipv6-address-token setting (LP: #1737976)

 15:06 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1891193 in pexpect (Debian) "Sync pexpect 4.6.0-4 (main) from Debian unstable (main)" [Unknown,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1891193

 15:07 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1892881 in mailman-hyperkitty (Debian) "mailman-hyperkitty: FTBFS: dh_auto_test: error: pybuild --test --test-nose2 -i python{version} -p "3.7 3.8" returned exit code 13" [Unknown,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1892881

 15:07 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1766656 in netplan "Order of addresses is not defined" [Undecided,Incomplete] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1766656

 15:07 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1870561 in netplan "netplan does not clean-up IPs on UC20/kvm, when changing the renderer" [Undecided,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1870561

 15:07 <slyon> - Created cards for outstanding pull requests

 15:07 <slyon> - Verified big openvswitch-support branch, now merged (LP: #1728134)

 15:07 <slyon> - Reworked Wireguard PR#113, now merged

 15:07 <slyon> - Supported the testing of NM netplan snap

 15:07 <slyon> - Reviewed "Add per-route MTU option", PR#160

 15:07 <slyon> - Released netplan 0.100 (upstream), at Github

 15:07 <slyon> * Collecting changelog/fixes, testing, verification

 15:07 <slyon> - Preparing 0.100 packaging + FFe for Groovy

 15:07 <slyon> (done)

 15:07 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1737976 in nplan (Ubuntu) "netplan cannot set IPv6 token" [Undecided,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1737976

 15:07 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1728134 in netplan "lack of openvswitch support" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1728134

 15:07 <juliank> * looked at some security issues

 15:07 <juliank> * verifying the shim srus

 15:07 <juliank> - upgraded desktop VMs âœ“

 15:07 <juliank> - netboot âœ“

 15:07 <juliank> - TODO: MokManager enrollment and mokutil

 15:07 <juliank> * discussion about oem kernel rolloff

 15:07 <juliank> (done)

 15:07 <bdmurray> tdaitx:

 15:07 <tdaitx> * ftbfs & merges

 15:07 <tdaitx> * investigated bug 1887664, not really a regression, asked user to clarify need for dateutil.zoneinfo

 15:07 <tdaitx> * investigated & updated message for bug 1775219, running tests, will send pull request

 15:07 <tdaitx> * testing (possible) fix for bug 1821412

 15:07 <tdaitx> * working on scilab sru

 15:07 <tdaitx> (done)

 15:07 <ubottu> bug 1887664 in python-sqlalchemy-utils (Ubuntu Groovy) "python_dateutil get_zonefile_instance functionality is broken without upstream tarball" [Medium,Incomplete] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1887664

 15:07 <ubottu> bug 1775219 in apport (Ubuntu) "incorrectly reports package as unsupported if apt cache is empty" [Undecided,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1775219

 15:07 <ubottu> bug 1821412 in update-notifier (Ubuntu) ""System program problem" report button does nothing" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1821412

 15:08 <bdmurray> waveform:

 15:08 <waveform> * Investigating systemd failure on first boot of disconnected pis

 15:08 <waveform> * Continuing investigation of net.ifnames=0 usage on classic; pi4 has a simple resolution but other models are more complex (default config enforces MAC-naming on USB-connected eth) (LP: #1782185)

 15:08 <waveform> * Core onboarding work

 15:08 <waveform> * Added tests / doing testing for SRU of raspberrypi-userland to focal (LP: #1883111)

 15:08 <waveform> * pi-gadget work for desktop (pending kernel unpacking)

 15:08 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1782185 in linux-azure-edge (Ubuntu Xenial) "linux-azure-edge: 4.15.0-1018.18~16.04.1 -proposed tracker" [Medium,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1782185

 15:08 <waveform> * Finished pibootctl mutator re-write; finishing tests

 15:08 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1883111 in raspberrypi-userland (Ubuntu Focal) "[needs-packaging] raspberrypi-userland" [Undecided,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1883111

 15:08 <waveform> (done)

 15:08 <bdmurray> any questions on status?

 15:08 * xnox should be EOW, it's my birthday with half day off.... Very short week due to Plumbers last week, and only 2.5 days this week. Mostly focused on landing grub changes in all the places.

 15:08 <doko> today?

 15:08 <bdmurray> Happy Birthday xnox

 15:09 <sil2100> Happy birthday indeed o/

 15:09 <waveform> happy birthday xnox!

 15:09 <slyon> xnox, Happy Birthday!

 15:09 <tdaitx> xnox: happy half day off!

 15:09 <rbalint> Happy Birthday ðŸŽ‚ !

 15:09 <xnox> thanks!

 15:09 <juliank> congrats xnox, enjoy your half day off

 15:09 <tdaitx> xnox: and birthday =D

 15:09 <bdmurray> If it were my birthday I'd take the whole day off

 15:09 <doko> happy singing in the hangout, but you're not there ;p

 15:10 <juliank> PARTAY

 15:10 <bdmurray> okay, back to our regularly scheduled program

 15:10 <bdmurray> rbalint I tested bug 1891952 and it is not fixed afaict

 15:10 <ubottu> bug 1891952 in friendly-recovery (Ubuntu Groovy) "systemd-resolved not started when networking enabled" [High,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1891952

 15:11 <rbalint> bdmurray, yes, i'm uploading new systemd point release then test that

 15:11 <bdmurray> rbalint: okay, will do

 15:11 <bdmurray> #topic Release incoming bugs

 15:11 <rbalint> (please)

 15:11 <bdmurray> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-gg-incoming-bug-tasks.html

 15:12 <bdmurray> bug 1893899 just needs sponsoring

 15:12 <ubottu> bug 1893899 in OEM Priority Project "update alsa/audio realted infomation collection code in apport" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1893899

 15:12 <bdmurray> so lets take that

 15:12 <bdmurray> bug 1876258

 15:12 <ubottu> bug 1876258 in MAAS 2.8 "ubuntu 20.04 pxe installation fails with no such file or directory /dev/disk/by-id exception" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1876258

 15:14 <bdmurray> Why is there a grub2 task here?

 15:14 <bdmurray> juliank: ?

 15:14 <juliank> oh tricky

 15:14 <juliank> grub-pc required by-id disks, but grub-efi did not, but now does in focal+

 15:15 <juliank> and some places don't have by-disk

 15:15 <juliank> um

 15:15 <juliank> by-id

 15:15 <juliank> Wondering if grub should handle such cases or not

 15:16 <tdaitx> last comment points to a commit with a fix for it

 15:16 <juliank> possibly grub works, and it's just a curtin bug?

 15:16 <tdaitx> seems like it

 15:17 <vorlon> mark invalid, and wait to see if anyone complains?

 15:17 <juliank> Yup we have # Fall back to the plain device name if there's no by-id link for it.

 15:17 <juliank> I'll mark as invalid

 15:17 <bdmurray> Okay, thanks.

 15:17 <bdmurray> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ff-incoming-bug-tasks.html

 15:18 <bdmurray> and there's nothing here for us

 15:18 <bdmurray> #topic Team proposed-migration report

 15:19 <rbalint> google, gce need new mirs

 15:19 <vorlon> [LINK] https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs

 15:19 <rbalint> also security review

 15:19 <vorlon> rbalint: are you driving those MIRs?

 15:20 <rbalint> vorlon, yes

 15:20 <vorlon> ok

 15:20 <rbalint> also i would accept help with the golang build deps :-)

 15:20 <vorlon> sil2100: did you need to hand dnspython off to someone else who has ipv6?

 15:21 <sil2100> vorlon: I think I'll do that, yes

 15:21 <vorlon> ok, someone want to volunteer for dnspython?

 15:21 <rbalint> juliank, has gigabits of ipv6 :-)

 15:21 <slyon> i can

 15:21 <vorlon> slyon: thanks

 15:21 <sil2100> I didn't try again this week but I guess I lost already too much time trying to get that reproduced

 15:22 <vorlon> tdaitx: any progress on libgitlab-api-v4-perl?

 15:22 <sil2100> slyon: I filled in an excuses bug LP: #1892832

 15:22 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1892832 in dnspython (Ubuntu) "dnspython 2.0.0-1 fails IPv6 autopkgtests" [High,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1892832

 15:22 <slyon> sil2100: thanks, I saw that

 15:22 <sil2100> It has the context and a debdiff for disabling the IPv6 UDP-ish tests in case it's really just flaky on the infra

 15:22 <sil2100> Thanks!

 15:22 <vorlon> tdaitx: (seems to need a newer bash-completion?)

 15:23 <tdaitx> vorlon: yeah, I uploaded bash-completion to fix libgitlab-api-v4-perl

 15:23 <vorlon> ah, then it needs a manual retry since lp doesn't detect virtual packages for depwait

 15:23 <vorlon> (done)

 15:23 <vorlon> setuptools is still xnox, so we'll skip

 15:24 <vorlon> libffi is in progress, just waiting for ghc/armhf to finish building (now that it's not failing out every 12 hours)

 15:24 <tdaitx> bash-completion is stuck with a failed amrhf autopkgtest from cyrus-imapd (crappy reverse deps from cyrus)

 15:24 <vorlon> openjdk-lts vs alsa: tdaitx is this something you can look at?

 15:24 <tdaitx> yes, I can

 15:24 <vorlon> thanks

 15:24 <vorlon> pango1.0 + glib2.0: bdmurray?

 15:25 <bdmurray> vorlon: okay

 15:25 <vorlon> lintian: new version, but same problems as before. juliank?

 15:25 <juliank> Forwarded lintian one to upstream

 15:26 <juliank> I kind of forgot about it, and only did that today, so no response yet :)

 15:26 <vorlon> util-linux, I can have a look at

 15:26 <vorlon> and gcc-10 is still building, so nothing special to do there (and it's doko's anyway)

 15:26 <vorlon> and that's the list for today

 15:27 <bdmurray> nice

 15:27 <doko> well, it's the second or third attempt again

 15:27 <bdmurray> #topic AOB

 15:27 <bdmurray> Monday is a US holiday, but I'll be working that day

 15:28 <sil2100> I'm taking holidays for the next 2 weeks o/

 15:28 <rbalint> sil2100, o/ :-)

 15:28 <sil2100> But I'll be lurking around

 15:28 <rbalint> i'd like to get https://code.launchpad.net/~rbalint/britney/hints-ubuntu-bzr-to-git/+merge/386139 moving

 15:32 <bdmurray> alright if there is nothing else

 15:32 <vorlon> Monday is a bank holiday for the US

 15:32 <bdmurray> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)