== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status, 07 Apr at 13:04 &mdash; 13:16 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2020/ubuntu-meeting.2020-04-07-13.04.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Review of previous action items ===
The discussion about "Review of previous action items" started at 13:04.


=== current component mismatches ===
The discussion about "current component mismatches" started at 13:05.

  * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg 
  * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg 

=== New MIRs ===
The discussion about "New MIRs" started at 13:13.

  * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=NEW&assignee_option=none&field.assignee=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir 

=== Incomplete bugs / questions ===
The discussion about "Incomplete bugs / questions" started at 13:13.

  * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir 

=== Any other business? ===
The discussion about "Any other business?" started at 13:15.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * cpaelzer (46)
 * jamespage (5)
 * didrocks (5)
 * meetingology (3)
 * ddstreet (3)



== Full Log ==


 13:04 <cpaelzer> #startmeeting Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status

 13:04 <meetingology> Meeting started Tue Apr  7 13:04:12 2020 UTC.  The chair is cpaelzer. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 13:04 <meetingology> 

 13:04 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 13:04 <cpaelzer> #topic Review of previous action items

 13:04 <cpaelzer> we had nothing open except assigned bugs which will come up later

 13:04 <cpaelzer> anything from you to add?

 13:05 <didrocks> nothing

 13:05 <cpaelzer> and btw hi didrocks joeubuntu ddstreet jamespage :-)

 13:05 <cpaelzer> #topic current component mismatches

 13:05 <didrocks> hey cpaelzer :)

 13:05 <cpaelzer> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg

 13:05 <cpaelzer> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg

 13:05 <cpaelzer> all the maas seeds are discussed outside of that meeting between maas/foundations IIRC

 13:06 <cpaelzer> therest still has the (actually false positive) apport->terminator

 13:06 <cpaelzer> this could stil need a fix in apport, but isn't super urgent

 13:06 <cpaelzer> would someone mind to file a bug about it?

 13:06 <didrocks> IIRC bdmurray said he would have a look. Iâ€™m happy to file a bug

 13:06 <cpaelzer> otherwsie we will talk every week about it as it won't resolve on its own

 13:06 <cpaelzer> yeah didrocks, doesn't ahve to be a compelx bug

 13:06 <cpaelzer> mostly a reminder

 13:06 <cpaelzer> thanks

 13:07 <didrocks> np

 13:07 <cpaelzer> The sphinx dependencies are actually fix-released

 13:07 <cpaelzer> this seems to drop and need re-promition every now and then

 13:08 <ddstreet> what's the status of spice-html5, cpaelzer i think you mir-ack'ed it right?

 13:08 <jamespage> I seeded that yesterday hence its on the report

 13:08 <ddstreet> i'm working on python-jwcrpyto review and should be done today

 13:08 <cpaelzer> one thing at a time, but I think yes :-)

 13:08 <ddstreet> sorry, it was in the svg

 13:08 <cpaelzer> np

 13:10 <cpaelzer> I added a bug update and subscribed AAs for the sphinx dependencies

 13:10 <cpaelzer> now to spice

 13:10 <cpaelzer> thanks jamespage for seeding

 13:11 <cpaelzer> ddstreet: jamespage: is python-jwcrpyto directly related to spice-html5 ?

 13:11 <cpaelzer> or can we ask to promote spice-html5 already as-is?

 13:11 <jamespage> loosely

 13:12 <jamespage> websockify -> python-jwcrypto

 13:12 <cpaelzer> so we can promote spice now and follow with jwcrypto once ready?

 13:12 <jamespage> websockify sits between clients and spice-html5 doing the ws:// bit

 13:12 <jamespage> yep

 13:12 <cpaelzer> I subscribed AAs and asked for promotion

 13:13 <cpaelzer> #topic New MIRs

 13:13 <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=NEW&assignee_option=none&field.assignee=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 13:13 <cpaelzer> umm empty

 13:13 <cpaelzer> \o/

 13:13 <cpaelzer> #topic Incomplete bugs / questions

 13:14 <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 13:14 <cpaelzer> the last bumps were on cases that are ok

 13:14 <cpaelzer> ok in the sense as "no action from MIR Team needed"

 13:14 <cpaelzer> ec2-instance-connect still goes around between rbasak rcj and rharper

 13:15 <cpaelzer> #topic Any other business?

 13:15 <cpaelzer> this might after some long ones be a faster meeting

 13:15 <cpaelzer> anything else from you?

 13:15 <didrocks> nothing for me, back fixing bugs :)

 13:16 <cpaelzer> 10

 13:16 <cpaelzer> 5

 13:16 <cpaelzer> 3

 13:16 <cpaelzer> 2

 13:16 <cpaelzer> 1

 13:16 <cpaelzer> thanks didrocks jamespage ddstreet joeubuntu

 13:16 <cpaelzer> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)