== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team, 27 Aug at 15:04 &mdash; 15:41 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2020/ubuntu-meeting.2020-08-27-15.04.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning rounds ===
The discussion about "Lightning rounds" started at 15:04.


=== Release incoming bugs (focal) ===
The discussion about "Release incoming bugs (focal)" started at 15:11.


=== Release incoming bugs (groovy) ===
The discussion about "Release incoming bugs (groovy)" started at 15:12.

  * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-gg-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs 
  * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/accountsservice/+bug/1871538 
  * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ff-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs 

=== Team proposed-migration report ===
The discussion about "Team proposed-migration report" started at 15:34.

  * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs 

=== AOB ===
The discussion about "AOB" started at 15:40.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * sil2100 (96)
 * vorlon (61)
 * ubottu (30)
 * rbalint (19)
 * slyon (18)
 * xnox (9)
 * waveform (9)
 * tdaitx (9)
 * mclemenceau (4)
 * meetingology (3)



== Full Log ==


 15:04 <sil2100> #startmeeting Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team

 15:04 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Aug 27 15:04:03 2020 UTC.  The chair is sil2100. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 15:04 <meetingology> 

 15:04 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 15:04 <sil2100> #topic Lightning rounds

 15:04 <sil2100> waveform mwhudson xnox vorlon sil2100 tdaitx slyon bdmurray rbalint doko juliank infinity

 15:04 <waveform> argh, the pain of winning

 15:05 <waveform> * Investigated net.ifnames=0 situation (with kind assistance from xnox); working on resolution for all branches of Core20 and groovy (unsure about focal) (LP: #1782185)

 15:05 <waveform> * Investigated eth dhcp issue on core20 further; still unable to reproduce but looking at potential DHCP timing issues (LP: #1878640; https://github.com/snapcore/core20/issues/80)

 15:05 <waveform> * Quick dig into cloud-init for long-standing pi wifi on first boot issue (LP: #1870346; LP: #1892851)

 15:05 <waveform> * pi-gadget work for desktop

 15:05 <waveform> * Lots of pibootctl work

 15:05 <waveform> (done)

 15:05 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1782185 in linux-azure-edge (Ubuntu Xenial) "linux-azure-edge: 4.15.0-1018.18~16.04.1 -proposed tracker" [Medium,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1782185

 15:05 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1878640 in netplan.io (Ubuntu Groovy) "uc20 image on pi often cannot get ip addr via eth0 on first boot of run mode" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1878640

 15:05 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1870346 in cloud-init (Ubuntu) "Wifi configuration" [Medium,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1870346

 15:05 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1892851 in cloud-init "Staged boot, to fix integration of systemd generators" [Undecided,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1892851

 15:05 <xnox> microcode-initrd waiting for binary-new 2nd week now https://launchpad.net/ubuntu/groovy/+queue?queue_state=0&queue_text=microcode-initrd

 15:05 <xnox> s390-tools uploaded, in signing unapproved https://launchpad.net/ubuntu/groovy/+queue?queue_state=1&queue_text=s390-tools

 15:05 <xnox> secureboot-db SRUs reuploaded with breaks, all in unapproved queues

 15:05 <xnox> libffi8ubuntu1 transition in progress, most things rebuild, still waiting for ghc builds to do haskell rebuilds. But then this transition ties together glib2.0 ocaml ghc libffi and all the things basically

 15:05 <xnox> Submitted grub-install backup-and-restore patch upstream and to debian, todo submit to ubuntu. https://lists.gnu.org/archive/html/grub-devel/2020-08/msg00069.html and https://salsa.debian.org/grub-team/grub/-/merge_requests/21/diffs

 15:05 <xnox> CET has a resolution for mozjs / libunwind, both uploaded

 15:05 <xnox> fixing things for proposed-migration

 15:05 <xnox> at linux plumbers this week, mostly trolling people

 15:05 <xnox> done

 15:06 <vorlon> * customer-specific SecureBoot key generation and sharding

 15:06 <vorlon> * NEW processing

 15:06 <vorlon> * livecd-rootfs MP reviews

 15:06 <vorlon> * triggered some builds for the libffi transition, to be able to see what's what

 15:06 <vorlon> * component-mismatches cleanup for udebs

 15:06 <vorlon> (done)

 15:06 <sil2100> - SRU reviews and releases

 15:06 <sil2100> - Some kernel SRU work

 15:06 <sil2100> - Investigated broken Bileto OpenID login, tested flask OID locally, identified corrupted OID storage on Bileto - fixed with IS

 15:06 <sil2100> - Finalizing Eoan EOL

 15:06 <sil2100> - Releasing new, updated appliances

 15:06 <sil2100> - Releasing refreshed UC16 images

 15:06 <sil2100> - Some more work on continuous gadget delivery

 15:06 <sil2100> - HWE sync

 15:06 <sil2100> - Point-release retrospective

 15:07 <sil2100> - +1 maintenance

 15:07 <sil2100> - Fighting with IPv6 on my system (to reproduce an autopkgtest issue)

 15:07 <sil2100> (done)

 15:07 <tdaitx> let me go last

 15:07 <slyon> - Kicked sensible-utils to migrate, bug #1891196

 15:07 <slyon> * hinted git-buildpackage, triggered ranger tests

 15:07 <slyon> * got gbp fixed upstream, debian bug #968982

 15:07 <slyon> - SRU verification: awscli, python-botocore, python-s3transfer

 15:07 <slyon> * bug #1867673, bug #1875485, bug #1880999

 15:07 <slyon> - Poked Debian maintainers about pexpect ftbfs

 15:07 <slyon> * https://salsa.debian.org/python-team/modules/pexpect/-/merge_requests/2

 15:07 <slyon> - SRU verification: command-not-found, bug #1875760

 15:07 <ubottu> bug 1891196 in sensible-utils (Ubuntu) "FTBFS because of porefs=noline,wrap is unrecognized" [Undecided,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1891196

 15:07 <ubottu> Debian bug 968982 in git-buildpackage "git-buildpackage: autopkgtest/smoke-rpm is broken in "gbp buildpackage-rpm"" [Normal,Open] http://bugs.debian.org/968982

 15:07 <ubottu> bug 1867673 in awscli (Ubuntu Focal) "[SRU] awscli not kept up to date" [Undecided,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1867673

 15:07 <ubottu> bug 1875485 in python-botocore (Ubuntu Focal) "[SRU] python-botocore out of date" [Undecided,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1875485

 15:07 <ubottu> bug 1880999 in python-s3transfer (Ubuntu Focal) "SRU: bump version to make compatible with upstream awscli requirements" [Undecided,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1880999

 15:07 <ubottu> bug 1875760 in command-not-found (Ubuntu Focal) "/usr/lib/cnf-update-db:sqlite3.OperationalError:/usr/lib/cnf-update-db@26:create" [Medium,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1875760

 15:07 <slyon> === Netplan ===

 15:07 <slyon> - Prepared cloud-init vs netplan vs systemd report, bug #1892851

 15:07 <slyon> - Finished implementation of OVS settings tagging, PR#158

 15:07 <slyon> - Improved wireguard PR#113

 15:07 <slyon> - Thought about primary vs secondary IP addresses (aliases)

 15:07 <slyon> * Probably wont-fix, bug #1766656

 15:07 <slyon> - Prepared PR#159 to fix IP cleanup, bug #1870561

 15:07 <slyon> - Started working on IPv6 token, bug #1737976

 15:07 <slyon> (done)

 15:07 <ubottu> bug 1892851 in cloud-init "Staged boot, to fix integration of systemd generators" [Undecided,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1892851

 15:07 <ubottu> bug 1766656 in netplan "Order of addresses is not defined" [Undecided,Incomplete] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1766656

 15:07 <ubottu> bug 1870561 in netplan "netplan does not clean-up IPs on UC20/kvm, when changing the renderer" [Undecided,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1870561

 15:07 <ubottu> bug 1737976 in nplan (Ubuntu) "netplan cannot set IPv6 token" [Undecided,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1737976

 15:08 <rbalint> * uploads via Debian: wireshark 3.2.6-1

 15:08 <rbalint> * partner work

 15:08 <sil2100> Oh, and reviewing the PR from slyon! Since that's ongoing too!

 15:08 <rbalint> * sponsored python-botocore Xenial SRU

 15:08 <rbalint> * merged resolvconf as 1.84ubuntu1

 15:08 <rbalint> * merged systemd as 246.2-1ubuntu1 and added a few extra fixes

 15:08 <rbalint> (public holidays)

 15:08 <rbalint> * filed LP: #1892903

 15:08 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1892903 in libreswan (Ubuntu) "autopkgtest with needs-internet restriction fails" [Undecided,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1892903

 15:08 <rbalint> * got systemd migrated

 15:08 <rbalint> * triaged pre-tested bionic glibc SRU regressions (ongoing)

 15:08 <rbalint> * still preparing glibc upload

 15:08 <rbalint> * partner work

 15:08 <rbalint> (done)

 15:10 <sil2100> Julian's status update:

 15:10 <sil2100> * half days: work in the morning, relax in the afternoon

 15:10 <sil2100> * DebConf 20: Not much interesting stuff

 15:10 <sil2100> - attended some talks (https://docs.google.com/document/d/1yCLHxKEueVhdIX22wZNFYH2iBZ2LUJzYNK43XhB3LUQ/edit)

 15:10 <sil2100> - autopkgtest BoF tomorrow at 1800 UTC (https://debconf20.debconf.org/talks/39-running-autopkgtest-for-your-package/)

 15:10 <sil2100> - missed the 'Lenovo + debian' talk as it was past midnight and I was asleep, but have recording to watch :)

 15:10 <sil2100> * grub: SRUs looking good!

 15:10 <sil2100> - uploaded remaining grub SRUs for bionic, xenial

 15:10 <sil2100> - verified grub SRUs, except for the loopback issue on focal which xnox will look at

 15:10 <sil2100> - uploaded grub-zfstestsuite for focal to adjust for dis_ucode_ldr changes for recovery boot entries

 15:10 <sil2100> * shim: One SRU looking bad!

 15:10 <sil2100> - seems I managed to not update shimx64.efi in bionic upload, somehow; fixed that

 15:10 <sil2100> Brian's status update:

 15:10 <sil2100> +1 maintenance

 15:10 <sil2100> research into restore-new-distro (reinstall) failures and bug duplicate consolidation

 15:10 <sil2100> SRU verification of LP: #1861451

 15:10 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1861451 in apport (Ubuntu Bionic) "apport's cloud-init-specific handling tracebacks on minimal cloud images" [Undecided,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1861451

 15:10 <sil2100> sorted out how LP: #1888916 failed and uploaded groovy, focal fixes

 15:10 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1888916 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu Focal) "release upgrader can restore sources.list file from a previous release upgrade" [High,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1888916

 15:10 <sil2100> sponsored Focal SRU for LP: #1611737

 15:10 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1611737 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu Bionic) "Can't upgrade from a release if ros packages are installed from ROS servers" [Undecided,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1611737

 15:10 <sil2100> wrote query to remove old snap crash data from cassandra and doing so

 15:10 <sil2100> sponsored apport upload of a fix for LP: #1888352

 15:10 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1888352 in OEM Priority Project "use builtin dump_acpi_tables.py in hookutils" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1888352

 15:10 <sil2100> added RebootRequiredPkgs to apport's data collection

 15:10 <sil2100> Ok, now just tdaitx is left!

 15:11 <tdaitx> * backported scilab from groovy, testing, planning to SRU it

 15:11 <tdaitx> * fixed pyparted ftbfs, needs upload

 15:11 <tdaitx> * fixed python_dateutil, needs some testing then upload

 15:11 <tdaitx> * working on libgitlab-api-v4-perl

 15:11 <tdaitx> Other:

 15:11 <tdaitx> - using autpkgtest for building stuff on sbuild, its a bit weird

 15:11 <tdaitx> - moved to new yubikey as my usb-c port is taken by the e-gpu

 15:11 <tdaitx> (done)

 15:11 <sil2100> Any questions for these?

 15:11 <sil2100> Let's move on then

 15:11 <sil2100> #topic Release incoming bugs (focal)

 15:12 <sil2100> Whoops

 15:12 <sil2100> SHould be groovy first?

 15:12 * vorlon nods

 15:12 <sil2100> #topic Release incoming bugs (groovy)

 15:12 <sil2100> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-gg-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 15:13 <sil2100> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/accountsservice/+bug/1871538

 15:13 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1871538 in dbus (Ubuntu Focal) "dbus timeout-ed during an upgrade, taking services down including gdm" [High,Confirmed]

 15:14 <vorlon> I think desktop was looking at this one last I knew?  We've discussed it before and I believe didn't take it

 15:14 <sil2100> Then should we leave it there for now?

 15:14 <vorlon> yes

 15:15 <sil2100> LP: #1891952

 15:15 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1891952 in friendly-recovery (Ubuntu) "systemd-resolved not started when networking enabled" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1891952

 15:16 <vorlon> I thought xnox had some interest in this one

 15:16 <sil2100> Should we assign it to xnox then? :)

 15:18 <sil2100> Ok, targeted for groovy then

 15:18 <vorlon> seems we have a trello card for it already and the bug may have been fixed, so we just need to target the bug and remove the tag

 15:18 <vorlon> (done)

 15:18 <sil2100> LP: #1892040

 15:18 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1892040 in ubiquity (Ubuntu Focal) "US keyboard layout even if a non english language is selected in ubiquity-dm" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1892040

 15:19 <vorlon> this is already targeted to focal so it should be targeted to groovy as well. I know we discussed this one before

 15:19 <sil2100> Targeting then

 15:19 <vorlon> I think we should take it and dig down to figure out why we regressed

 15:19 <mclemenceau> yes this one was discussed last week and had been carded

 15:19 <sil2100> I'll remove both the incoming tags then

 15:19 <vorlon> was it carded? that wasn't clear to me from the meeting log

 15:19 <vorlon> ok

 15:20 <sil2100> LP: #1891623

 15:20 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1891623 in gcc-10 (Ubuntu) "Can't build Libreoffice with gcc-10, always ends with a Segmentation Fault in the build or resulting binaries" [Undecided,Incomplete] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1891623

 15:21 <sil2100> Ok, this one was carded as well apparently

 15:21 <sil2100> So removing the tag and targeting

 15:21 <sil2100> LP: #1876258

 15:21 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1876258 in MAAS 2.8 "ubuntu 20.04 pxe installation fails with no such file or directory /dev/disk/by-id exception" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1876258

 15:22 <vorlon> "when I run ubuntu 20.04 live cd via PXE" :/

 15:22 <vorlon> it looks like it's being fixed in curtin?

 15:23 <sil2100> Yeah, wonder if it needs any grub changes in that case?

 15:23 <sil2100> Should we ask on the bug?

 15:23 <vorlon> seems to be a problem of curtin injecting a value into grub's debconf variable that is then invalid

 15:23 <vorlon> I don't think we should do anything here presently

 15:23 <sil2100> Ok

 15:23 <sil2100> LP: #1892526

 15:23 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1892526 in grub2 (Ubuntu) "dpkg-reconfigure grub-pc no longer prompts for grub-pc/install_devices" [Undecided,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1892526

 15:24 <vorlon> that needs to be targeted and carded, I don't even know why it's in incoming

 15:24 <vorlon> targeted to all series now

 15:25 <sil2100> Thanks o/

 15:25 <mclemenceau> carded!

 15:25 <sil2100> \o/

 15:25 <sil2100> LP: #1892728

 15:25 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1892728 in ec2-hibinit-agent (Ubuntu) "ec2-hibinit-agent needs to properly initialize swap file" [Undecided,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1892728

 15:26 <rbalint> i think we should take this

 15:26 <vorlon> agreed

 15:26 <sil2100> I see rbalint already had a look at this?

 15:26 <sil2100> Targeting

 15:26 <vorlon> iirc this is caused by a kernel behavior change?

 15:26 <rbalint> vorlon, yes

 15:27 <vorlon> that's it for gg

 15:27 <vorlon> ff?

 15:27 <sil2100> mclemenceau will card it, I targeted it just now

 15:27 <sil2100> Yep!

 15:27 <sil2100> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ff-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 15:28 <sil2100> LP: #1847191

 15:28 <mclemenceau> done

 15:28 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1847191 in ubiquity (Ubuntu) "Selected experimental ZFS otion and install in QEMU/KVM and crashed" [High,Incomplete] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1847191

 15:28 <vorlon> the first one has jibel as an assignee

 15:28 <vorlon> so not for us

 15:28 <sil2100> LP: #1627564

 15:28 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1627564 in debconf (Ubuntu) "Debconf crash due to assertion failure in ensure_surface_for_gicon [gtkiconhelper.c:493] (when png loader is missing/during upgrades)" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1627564

 15:29 <vorlon> looks like desktop team evaluated it and determined that it should go to debconf

 15:29 <vorlon> for error handling of gtk in cases where it fails

 15:29 <vorlon> so I guess we need to take it

 15:29 <sil2100> +1

 15:29 <vorlon> 1871538, already discussed under gg

 15:29 <sil2100> Targeted

 15:30 <sil2100> Ok so now LP: #1880193

 15:30 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1880193 in autofs (Ubuntu) "autofs: Assertion 'set_remove(iterator->links, link) == link' failed at src/shared/userdb.c:314, function userdb_on_query_reply(). Aborting." [Medium,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1880193

 15:30 <vorlon> this has a trello card already

 15:30 <vorlon> what's with all these trello cards without bug fixups ;)

 15:30 <vorlon> but it also has a server team assignee

 15:31 <vorlon> we should target it anyway and remove the tag

 15:31 <sil2100> SO maybe we won't need the card for this one!

 15:31 <vorlon> I'll leave the card in the backlog for now

 15:31 <vorlon> I like having cards to clean up from the backlog later because someone else fixed them

 15:32 <sil2100> ;)

 15:32 <vorlon> 1892040, already handled

 15:32 <sil2100> LP: #1872106

 15:32 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1872106 in isc-dhcp (Ubuntu) "isc-dhcp-server crashing constantly [Ubuntu 20.04]" [Undecided,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1872106

 15:32 <sil2100> Last one!

 15:33 <vorlon> this one also looks familiar

 15:33 <sil2100> I think we should card it if there is no card yet

 15:33 <sil2100> Looks like quite a few people are affected

 15:33 <mclemenceau> no card at the moment

 15:34 <sil2100> Ok, I think that's it

 15:34 <sil2100> Next section!

 15:34 <sil2100> #topic Team proposed-migration report

 15:34 <vorlon> [LINK] https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs

 15:34 <sil2100> vorlon: ^

 15:34 <vorlon> not looking too bad

 15:35 <vorlon> lapack is still with waveform

 15:35 <rbalint> gce is mir

 15:35 <vorlon> waveform: have you spent time on this?

 15:35 <vorlon> right

 15:35 <vorlon> pam is mine

 15:35 <vorlon> sil2100: dnspython is yours

 15:35 <vorlon> tdaitx: libgitlab-api-v4-perl is yours

 15:35 <vorlon> setuptools is xnox

 15:35 <waveform> vorlon, spent time on attempting to spin up a ppc64 instance, so far unsuccessfully (though xnox did aid in getting me access to a MAAS instance this week - though I've failed to login to it so far!)

 15:36 <waveform> from other investigation it looks like a -O2 vs -O3 issue on gcc-10 though (yet to actually confirm that though)

 15:36 <sil2100> vorlon: yes, didn't quite make much progress as I wanted to make sure the dnspython is not a real regression, as the tests are passing on Debian CI - I suspect the reason is the proxied environment, but need to make 100% sure

 15:36 <vorlon> waveform: ok, how does that relate to the amd64 autopkgtest regression, which is the blocker for the current version in -proposed? did you need sourceful fixes to lapack to fix that autopkgtest regression?

 15:36 <sil2100> And IPv6 hates me

 15:36 <vorlon> heh

 15:36 <vorlon> ok so related to that bit of your status report :)

 15:37 <vorlon> so now we get to the new ones for this week

 15:37 <sil2100> Yeah, will continue on that a bit, but so far my attempts on getting an IPv6 configuration via the VPN failed

 15:37 <vorlon> zope.interface: rbalint?

 15:37 <rbalint> sil2100, ipv6 loves sil21:: :-)

 15:37 <vorlon> rbalint: lol

 15:38 <vorlon> lintian is still with juliank, I believe

 15:38 <rbalint> vorlon, i'm very busy with glibc, but tentatively i can pick it

 15:38 <vorlon> iputils v libreswan, I swear I saw an MP for a libreswan hint recently

 15:38 <slyon> rbalint: vorlon, I can have a look at zope as well

 15:39 <sil2100> libreswan was passing now I think

 15:39 <vorlon> slyon: ok great, it's yours instead of rbalint's then

 15:39 <vorlon> I'll follow up on iputils v libreswan

 15:39 <vorlon> and that's all for this week

 15:39 <rbalint> libreswan just needs retries

 15:39 <sil2100> At least I remember seeing a new libreswan upload that migrated and skipped the tests that it cannot run due to the environment

 15:39 <sil2100> So yeah, a retry should do it!

 15:40 <rbalint> slyon, thanks!

 15:40 <vorlon> rbalint: hence I've given myself the easy assignment

 15:40 <sil2100> Ok, so I guess we're good

 15:40 <sil2100> #topic AOB

 15:40 <sil2100> AOB anyone?

 15:41 <sil2100> Going one

 15:41 <sil2100> Going two

 15:41 <sil2100> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)