== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team, 30 Jan at 16:03 &mdash; 16:54 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2020/ubuntu-meeting.2020-01-30-16.03.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning rounds ===
The discussion about "Lightning rounds" started at 16:03.


=== Release incoming bugs ===
The discussion about "Release incoming bugs" started at 16:10.

  * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ff-incoming-bug-tasks.html 
  * ''LINK:'' https://ezix.org/src/ycheng/lshw/commit/82393aa9b59307a443677df7340a1dd38847a5ef.patch 
  * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-bb-incoming-bug-tasks.html 

=== Team proposed-migration report ===
The discussion about "Team proposed-migration report" started at 16:28.

  * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/focal/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs 

=== AOB ===
The discussion about "AOB" started at 16:45.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * bdmurray (60)
 * vorlon (58)
 * juliank (32)
 * xnox (30)
 * doko (22)
 * ubottu (22)
 * sil2100 (11)
 * tdaitx (9)
 * waveform (5)
 * meetingology (3)
 * Laney (2)
 * Odd_Bloke (1)



== Full Log ==


 16:03 <bdmurray> #startmeeting Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team

 16:03 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Jan 30 16:03:05 2020 UTC.  The chair is bdmurray. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:03 <meetingology> 

 16:03 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 16:03 <bdmurray> #topic Lightning rounds

 16:03 <bdmurray> echo $(shuf -e vorlon bdmurray xnox tdaitx doko sil2100 rbalint infinity mwhudson juliank waveform)

 16:03 <bdmurray> tdaitx sil2100 waveform infinity doko bdmurray vorlon mwhudson rbalint juliank xnox

 16:03 * xnox win

 16:04 <bdmurray> tdaitx:

 16:04 <tdaitx> Short week: out last week

 16:04 <tdaitx> * openjdk-8

 16:04 <tdaitx> - investigated os::commit_memory errors on armhf

 16:04 <tdaitx> - no proper reproducer (yet), happens intermittently, more so with some particular tests, will contact upstream with more data

 16:04 <tdaitx> - updated test scripts to copy & keep hs_err log files; need to copy this functionality to the other openjdk packages

 16:04 <tdaitx> * setting up test comparison for jck-11

 16:04 <tdaitx> * various openjdk blacklists and hinting

 16:04 <tdaitx> (done)

 16:04 <bdmurray> sil2100:

 16:05 <tdaitx> ops, I meant arm64, not armhf, typo! =)

 16:05 <bdmurray> waveform:

 16:05 <waveform> * Back-ported LP: #1311056 to xenial, bionic, eoan

 16:05 <waveform> * Fixed and LP: #1861292 and back-ported to bionic

 16:05 <waveform> * Lots of work on getting core18 to boot (nothing yet, but some interesting notes from the kernel team on possible incorrect dtb being loaded by the bootloader)

 16:05 <waveform> * More testing on focal and bionic .4 classic images; no issues (other than the flash-kernel one above)

 16:05 <waveform> (done)

 16:05 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1311056 in python-apt (Ubuntu Eoan) "[SRU] apt-add-repository adds duplicate commented/disabled source lines" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1311056

 16:05 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1861292 in flash-kernel (Ubuntu Bionic) "flash-kernel failure during kernel upgrade" [Critical,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1861292

 16:05 <sil2100> Crap

 16:06 * sil2100 not ready anwyway

 16:06 <bdmurray> doko:

 16:06 <doko> - finished unversioned python removal, python-defaults migrated

 16:06 <doko> - started python3.8 defaults transition

 16:06 <doko> - gcc-10 update

 16:06 <doko> - binutils & gdb updates

 16:06 <doko> - more unrelated transition work

 16:06 <doko> (done)

 16:06 <bdmurray> bdmurray: its a me!

 16:06 <bdmurray> updated meta-release files for 19.04 End of Life

 16:06 <bdmurray> updated daisy code base for 19.04 End of Life

 16:06 <bdmurray> learned how to use autodeploy with the Error Tracker

 16:06 <bdmurray> researched retracing queues growing huge

 16:07 <bdmurray> discovered issue with retracer configuration and ddebs key

 16:07 <bdmurray> emailed ubuntu-devel regarding retracing backlog

 16:07 <bdmurray> tested a distribution upgrade from X to B w/ -proposed

 16:07 <bdmurray> uploaded walinuxagent to F and SRUs (LP: #1851064)

 16:07 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1851064 in walinuxagent (Ubuntu Eoan) "[SRU] Update WALinuxAgent to 2.2.45" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1851064

 16:07 <sil2100> I can go now

 16:07 <bdmurray> SRU verification of LP: #1856684

 16:07 <bdmurray> attended Cape Town sprint

 16:07 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1856684 in livecd-rootfs (Ubuntu) "Populate .disk/info in ubuntu-image built images" [Medium,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1856684

 16:07 <bdmurray> ✔ done

 16:07 <vorlon> * short week, out most of Thursday and Friday afternoon

 16:07 <vorlon> * proposed-migration: worked on libffi transition, miscellaneous others

 16:07 <vorlon> * disco EOL: running 'swift delete' in a loop for the past 3 days to get rid of the autopkgtest usage

 16:07 <vorlon> (done)

 16:07 <sil2100> I'll go now o/

 16:07 <sil2100> - SRU reviews and releases

 16:07 <sil2100> - 18.04.4 - stuff, lots of stuff, busy busy, no panic yet tho

 16:07 <sil2100> (done)

 16:08 <sil2100> (didn't have time to write up anything better)

 16:08 <bdmurray> rbalint is still out

 16:08 <bdmurray> juliank:

 16:08 <juliank> * Sponsored flash-kernel uploads for waveform

 16:08 <juliank> * dug a bit further into openblas / hypre (LP: #1860601), and other autopkgtest regressions and migrations

 16:08 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1860601 in openblas (Ubuntu) "openblas: causes autopkgtest failure in hypre armhf" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1860601

 16:08 <juliank> * could not investigate apport regression as apt just segfaulted in autopkgtest image :/

 16:08 <juliank> * apt 1.9.8, fixing crash in apt 1.9.7, slightly improving performance, and changing disco mentions to focal

 16:08 <juliank> * update-notifier pep8 -> pycodestyle change

 16:08 <juliank> * synced python-apt 1.9.5

 16:08 <juliank> * merged autopkgtest 5.11

 16:08 <juliank> * merged irssi 1.2.2

 16:09 <juliank> * re-added the pep8 binary package to pep8 to ease the python-defaults transition

 16:09 <juliank> * work on powerpc-utils, reviewing patches

 16:09 <xnox> doko:  are you planning to do gcc-9 and gcc-8 uploads to focal? i.e. with just newer stuff from branches that are available? cause there are s390x fixes.....

 16:09 <juliank> * reviewing specs

 16:09 <juliank> * in the progress of reimplementing kernel autoremoval for apt

 16:09 <juliank> (done)

 16:09 <doko> xnox: at some point, yes

 16:09 <bdmurray> xnox: your turn

 16:09 <xnox> Back from Cape Town Sprint

 16:09 <xnox> Off to Brussels for FOSDEM / escaping Brexit tomorrow

 16:09 <xnox> Updated s390-tools LP: #1860574 LP: #1860531 LP: #1859018 LP: #1853308

 16:09 <xnox> TODO: AA to approve s390-tools upload https://launchpad.net/ubuntu/focal/+queue?queue_state=1&queue_text=s390-tools

 16:09 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1860574 in Ubuntu on IBM z Systems "[UBUNTU 20.04] zkey: Fix display of clear key size for XTS keys" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1860574

 16:09 <xnox> Uploaded livecd-rootfs changes to enable SSH access on s390x

 16:09 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1860531 in Ubuntu on IBM z Systems "IPL on z15 always performed regardless of the secure-boot related settings" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1860531

 16:09 <xnox> Uploaded livecd-rootfs to use the right oem-20.04 flavour, which actually is just oem flavour, with matching ubuntu-cdimage changes, reviewed by Laney

 16:09 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1859018 in Ubuntu on IBM z Systems "[UBUNTU] zkey: Fix listing of keys on file systems reporting DT_UNKNOWN." [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1859018

 16:09 <xnox> Filed bug report that cloud-init crashes with static network configuration

 16:09 <ubottu> Error: Could not gather data from Launchpad for bug #1853308 (https://launchpad.net/bugs/1853308). The error has been logged

 16:09 <xnox> Started mailing list discussion with server team that cloud-init does not harvest netplan.yaml that our initrd generates

 16:09 <xnox> Rebasing numpy-less boost on i386 onto boost1.71 builds, in preparation for ABI transition

 16:09 <xnox> Uploaded new qclib LP: #1852718

 16:09 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1852718 in Ubuntu on IBM z Systems "[20.04 FEAT] Upgrade qclib 2.0.1" [High,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1852718

 16:09 <xnox> Uploaded casper with finalrd dep into bionic for point release LP: #1840122

 16:09 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1840122 in linux (Ubuntu Eoan) "System fails to reboot from live session or ubiquity-dm - squashfs_read_data failed to read block" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1840122

 16:10 <xnox> Working with frank / ryan / mwhudson on debugging s390x curtin / subiquity / multipath failing to complete the install

 16:10 <xnox> Uploaded xdmf to unbreak really bad py3.8/cmake packaging

 16:10 <xnox> done

 16:10 <bdmurray> #topic Release incoming bugs

 16:10 <bdmurray> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ff-incoming-bug-tasks.html

 16:11 <bdmurray> there seem to be quite a few here

 16:11 <bdmurray> bug 1860531 is targetted and tagged (lame)

 16:11 <ubottu> bug 1860531 in Ubuntu on IBM z Systems "IPL on z15 always performed regardless of the secure-boot related settings" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1860531

 16:12 <xnox> that's in progress

 16:12 <xnox> needs AA to approve mu upload, as mentioned in my status with TODO

 16:12 <bdmurray> bug 1860432

 16:12 <ubottu> bug 1860432 in systemd (Ubuntu) "juju agent fails to start on focal " [Undecided,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1860432

 16:12 <vorlon> µ

 16:13 <xnox> so needs forwarding bug report to upstream systemd based on comment #1

 16:13 <xnox> i guess rbalint or I can take it

 16:14 <xnox> it's not critical to fix though

 16:14 <bdmurray> so let's card that

 16:14 <xnox> because with juju team we did a bit of a "but why are you doing this?!"

 16:14 <xnox> and they are changing code to be more normal.

 16:14 <bdmurray> bug 1861353

 16:14 <ubottu> bug 1861353 in glibc (Ubuntu) "libc6-dev:amd64 is not co-installable with libc6-dev:s390x" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1861353

 16:14 <vorlon> xnox: but the juju part is fixed, so is this critical for anything to change on the systemd side?

 16:14 <xnox> vorlon:  correct juju is going to stop using subdirectories, but it is a potential upstream regression nonetheless

 16:15 <xnox> (worth flagging it up to systemd people, even if they simply release note it)

 16:15 <vorlon> ok; so we can take it for further investigation but we might decline to change the behavior, sure

 16:16 <bdmurray> lets go ahead and target and card this one

 16:16 * vorlon nods

 16:16 <bdmurray> bug 1859858

 16:16 <ubottu> bug 1859858 in systemd (Ubuntu Focal) "udev has truncated ID_SERIAL value for scsi disk" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1859858

 16:18 <bdmurray> This one is already targetted so I'll card it.

 16:19 <bdmurray> bug 1860957

 16:19 <ubottu> bug 1860957 in ubiquity (Ubuntu) "ZFS installation crash when ESP already exists" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1860957

 16:20 <bdmurray> That should go to the desktop team.

 16:21 <bdmurray> bug 1843063

 16:21 <ubottu> bug 1843063 in lshw (Ubuntu) "lshw -json output invalid in Eoan" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1843063

 16:22 <bdmurray> Let's land their patch, so I'll target and card it.

 16:23 <xnox> https://ezix.org/src/ycheng/lshw/commit/82393aa9b59307a443677df7340a1dd38847a5ef.patch

 16:23 <bdmurray> Also bug 1860406 is new / undecided

 16:23 <ubottu> Error: Launchpad bug 1860406 could not be found

 16:23 <bdmurray> bug 1850406

 16:23 <ubottu> bug 1850406 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu) "python3-distupgrade small misprint bug" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1850406

 16:24 <bdmurray> that's the one I meant

 16:24 <bdmurray> I've an upload of u-r-u to do anyway so I'll take that and queue jump with it

 16:24 <bdmurray> nothing new in rls-ee-

 16:25 <bdmurray> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-bb-incoming-bug-tasks.html

 16:26 <sil2100> BB IS CLOSED

 16:26 <bdmurray> bug 1854839 still has work for me

 16:26 <ubottu> bug 1854839 in debian-installer (Ubuntu) "Fresh Bionic install hangs forever at 66% waiting for os-prober" [Undecided,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1854839

 16:26 <sil2100> STOOP

 16:26 <sil2100> (just kidding)

 16:27 <bdmurray> bug 1856560

 16:27 <ubottu> bug 1856560 in util-linux (Ubuntu) "ds-identify - stuck in uninterruptible sleep state" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1856560

 16:27 <bdmurray> We seem to have talked about this before.

 16:28 <bdmurray> okay, xnox will look at the comments

 16:28 <bdmurray> #topic Team proposed-migration report

 16:29 <bdmurray> vorlon: can you help here?

 16:29 <vorlon> ack

 16:30 <vorlon> python3.7, python3.8 are entangled in the libffi transition which I'm working through (libffi itself got its migratability reset by a ruby2.7 autopkgtest regression, which I've hinted away again; we're only about 2 packages away from this getting through)

 16:30 <vorlon> libtimedate-perl causing libsoap-wsdl-perl regression, who wants this?

 16:30 <vorlon> [LINK] https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/focal/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs

 16:30 <vorlon> btw

 16:31 <vorlon> xnox: ^^ libtimedate-perl?

 16:32 <vorlon> bdmurray: can you take libcgi-pm-perl?

 16:32 <vorlon> libuv1 is figuring out whether to fix or hint i386, so I'll take that unless someone else is keen

 16:32 <vorlon> libffi, glib2.0 are all part of the same deal

 16:32 <juliank> aptdaemon: should force-badtest aptdaemon/all/arm64 IMO

 16:33 <vorlon> juliank: ok, I'll assign that to you to follow through on

 16:33 <xnox> vorlon:  are you assigning that to me? ok....

 16:33 <bdmurray> vorlon: okay

 16:33 <vorlon> libgpg-error is another i386 one, would anybody else like to take one of these?

 16:34 <vorlon> crickets

 16:34 <vorlon> fine, I'll take libgpg-error and libjsoncpp too

 16:36 <doko> open-iscsi and python-dateutil are in the works

 16:37 <vorlon> unattended-upgrades needs an assignee.  doko?

 16:37 <doko> where do you see this?

 16:38 <vorlon> doko: the list that we're going through right now

 16:38 <juliank> No

 16:38 <vorlon> can you follow up on unattended-upgrades?

 16:38 <juliank> unattended-upgrades we know why it's failing

 16:38 <juliank> It's going to be fixed in a new apt release

 16:38 <vorlon> ok, that sounds like juliank is claiming it then

 16:38 <juliank> yes

 16:38 <vorlon> ok

 16:38 <juliank> Just finalizing the fixes

 16:38 <vorlon> libcap-ng is tied to python3-defaults, which we know the status of

 16:39 <vorlon> doko: who is working on open-iscsi and python-dateutil?

 16:39 <vorlon> (you said "in the works" but not by who)

 16:39 <doko> nobody, they are waiting for the tests to finish

 16:39 <vorlon> doko: does that mean you retriggered tests?  since the tests shouldn't have taken 5 days

 16:40 <doko> yes

 16:40 <vorlon> if so, I'll consider these yours :)

 16:40 <vorlon> python3-defaults, doko is obviously working on, if other people have time to pitch in as well that would be good (I'll be helping with it but only after I finish libffi)

 16:40 <juliank> wooohoo, CI for APT fix just passed

 16:40 <doko> yes, please.

 16:40 <doko> update-manager?

 16:41 <vorlon> update-manager is part of the python3-defaults transition, does it need particular attention?

 16:41 <doko> can we ignore all the tryton stuff?

 16:41 <doko> scheduled for removal in Debian anyway

 16:41 <vorlon> ignore, no. remove, yes

 16:41 <xnox> we should kill tryton stuff

 16:41 <xnox> and odoo / openerp / tinyerp too

 16:41 <xnox> Odd_Bloke:  and xnox no longer care about it =)

 16:42 <vorlon> we can follow up on that on #ubuntu-release

 16:42 <vorlon> gdb vs python?

 16:42 <doko> retried

 16:42 <Odd_Bloke> xnox: :D

 16:42 <vorlon> doko: ok

 16:42 <vorlon> sl-modem is more i386, so

 16:42 <bdmurray> what was retried?

 16:42 <vorlon> bdmurray: the python autopkgtest failures with new gdb

 16:43 <bdmurray> okay so update-manager still needs looking at?

 16:43 <vorlon> and then p11-kit and talloc are part of the aforementioned transitions

 16:43 <vorlon> certainly looks like update-manager needs fixing for python3.8

 16:44 <vorlon> so it's worth someone taking that one specifically

 16:44 <vorlon> bdmurray: ?

 16:44 <bdmurray> I can have a look

 16:44 <vorlon> thanks

 16:44 <vorlon> and that's all

 16:44 * juliank just used the big hammer and retried all python-apt triggered-tests that failed

 16:44 <doko> one more, libreoffice/amd64 ftbfs with out-of-dis-space

 16:45 <bdmurray> #topic AOB

 16:45 <doko> ore here: one more, libreoffice/amd64 ftbfs with out-of-disk-space

 16:45 <bdmurray> I'm probably gonna end up taking a half day to aid my recovery

 16:45 <doko> desktop is aware

 16:45 <bdmurray> I'm also taking a swap day on Monday

 16:45 <vorlon> ah I am also off tomorrow

 16:46 <doko> and one more: https://bugs.launchpad.net/auto-package-testing/+bug/1860763

 16:46 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1860763 in Auto Package Testing "the image for the autopkg tests has a big python3 stack installed" [Undecided,New]

 16:46 <vorlon> I know Laney has commented on the bug

 16:46 <doko> please can we fix that, especially now with all the python3 stuff going on?

 16:47 <juliank> yes

 16:47 <juliank> essentially mark everything auto

 16:47 <vorlon> pointing out that you'll never have a guarantee that there are no extra packages installed in the test bed

 16:47 <doko> vorlon: there's no comment

 16:47 <juliank> mark ubuntu-minimal and whitelisted packages manual

 16:47 <juliank> then run autoremove

 16:47 <vorlon> oh, it wasn't on the bug

 16:47 <vorlon> I saw a reply from him somewher

 16:47 <juliank> I think we can do that

 16:47 <Laney> IRC

 16:47 <vorlon> right

 16:47 <juliank> I think my idea should work, just need to figure out the whitelist

 16:48 <Laney> No problem with attempting to minimise the testbed, but the point still stands and it could be another package down the line

 16:48 <vorlon> it is a reasonable improvement to try to minimize the contents of the testbed image, if for no other reason than it speeds up upgrades

 16:48 <juliank> sure

 16:48 <vorlon> but also what Laney said

 16:48 <vorlon> package tests shouldn't misbehave in the presence of extra packages and if they do that's a bug

 16:48 <bdmurray> alright will y'all follow up in the bug?

 16:49 <juliank> vorlon: I don't think we have test-conflicts yet, might be useful, idk

 16:50 <vorlon> juliank: that's one way to ensure tests always behave properly, but in the absence of that there's no test that couldn't be fixed (upstream or whatever) to just do what we want in the presence of extra stuff

 16:50 <juliank> true

 16:51 <juliank> the reverse is also true

 16:51 <juliank> tests could be passing that should be failing because they miss a dependency

 16:51 <vorlon> sure, but in both cases you'd have to first discover the difference between testbed implementations and then change the package

 16:51 <vorlon> anyway, the bug is valid

 16:51 <vorlon> but I don't think it's high priority, it's really corner-case

 16:53 <bdmurray> okay, anything else?

 16:54 <bdmurray> alrighty then, thanks everybody

 16:54 <bdmurray> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)