== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting: DMB meeting, 10 Aug at 19:01 &mdash; 19:30 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2020/ubuntu-meeting.2020-08-10-19.01.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Review of previous action items ===
The discussion about "Review of previous action items" started at 19:02.

 * '''rafaeldtinoco to check edubuntu seed <-> pkgset relationship (generation) and if edubuntu pkgsets can be dropped (carried over)''' (19:02)
 * '''rafaeldtinoco to create, for now, a small "what-to-do" for pkgset changes in -devel (document exceptions inclusion for DMB team) (carried over)''' (19:04)
  * ''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/UbuntuDevelopers/SeedsAndAutomatedPkgsets 
 * '''rafaeldtinoco link team delegation from dmb kb page when reading ddstreet updates (carried over)''' (19:06)
  * ''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/DeveloperMembershipBoard/KnowledgeBase is the general starting point for DMB-internal docs
 * '''DMB to vote at next mtg(s) on controlling the membership access for the OEM enablement metapackages''' (19:07)
  * ''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/DeveloperMembershipBoard/KnowledgeBase#Personal_packagesets_and_glob_expansions is prior art for "glob-based" packagesets
  * ''Vote:'' Creation of a new canonical-oem-metapackages packageset and owning team for the glob expansion of oem-*-meta, initially having ~ubuntu-core-dev as the only member (Carried)
  * ''ACTION:'' rbasak to take care of the canonical-oem-metapackages packageset and owning team creation
 * '''slashd to add Yaru to the desktop set for focal''' (19:26)

=== AOB ===
The discussion about "AOB" started at 19:28.


=== Select a chair for the next meeting ===
The discussion about "Select a chair for the next meeting" started at 19:30.




== Vote results ==

 * [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2020/ubuntu-meeting.2020-08-10-19.01.log.html#91 Creation of a new canonical-oem-metapackages packageset and owning team for the glob expansion of oem-*-meta, initially having ~ubuntu-core-dev as the only member]]
  * Motion carried (For/Against/Abstained 4/0/0)
   *  Voters rbasak, sil2100, ddstreet, rafaeldtinoco



== Action items, by person ==

 * rbasak
  * rbasak to take care of the canonical-oem-metapackages packageset and owning team creation



== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * rafaeldtinoco (68)
 * sil2100 (52)
 * rbasak (31)
 * meetingology (13)
 * ddstreet (12)
 * ItzSwirlz (1)



== Full Log ==


 19:01 <sil2100> #startmeeting DMB meeting

 19:01 <meetingology> Meeting started Mon Aug 10 19:01:50 2020 UTC.  The chair is sil2100. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 19:01 <meetingology> 

 19:01 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 19:02 <sil2100> #topic Review of previous action items

 19:02 <sil2100> #subtopic rafaeldtinoco to check edubuntu seed <-> pkgset relationship (generation) and if edubuntu pkgsets can be dropped (carried over)

 19:02 <rafaeldtinoco> I think this is duplicated

 19:02 <rafaeldtinoco> ddstreet: ^ did you have this also ?

 19:02 <rafaeldtinoco> (last item)

 19:03 <sil2100> Ah, indeed

 19:03 <ddstreet> rafaeldtinoco yeah i think that's a new one on my action list

 19:03 <sil2100> ddstreet: any progress? Or should we carry over?

 19:03 <ddstreet> new from last mtg

 19:03 <ddstreet> no progress sorry, plz carry over

 19:04 <sil2100> Ok then

 19:04 <sil2100> #subtopic rafaeldtinoco to create, for now, a small "what-to-do" for pkgset changes in -devel (document exceptions inclusion for DMB team) (carried over)

 19:04 <rafaeldtinoco> https://wiki.ubuntu.com/UbuntuDevelopers/SeedsAndAutomatedPkgsets

 19:04 <rafaeldtinoco> and its a Makefile now

 19:04 <rafaeldtinoco> this is the "quick what to do"

 19:04 <rafaeldtinoco> it will get better (as the long standing item)

 19:05 <rafaeldtinoco> for now you can consider done

 19:05 <sil2100> Ok, thanks! I'll have to read that up - today I quickly wanted to use it but it errored out when I tried running `make fetch`

 19:05 <rafaeldtinoco> just ping me

 19:05 <sil2100> But I didn't look into the details, need to try again

 19:05 <rafaeldtinoco> sure thing

 19:05 <sil2100> I was too busy with pointy-release stuff

 19:06 <sil2100> #subtopic rafaeldtinoco link team delegation from dmb kb page when reading ddstreet updates (carried over)

 19:06 <rbasak> rafaeldtinoco: nicely done - thanks!

 19:06 <rbasak> Is that linked to from anywhere?

 19:06 <rafaeldtinoco> that is this item ^

 19:06 <rafaeldtinoco> and no, where should I like it ?

 19:06 <rafaeldtinoco> (it will get bigger and more detailed)

 19:06 <rbasak> https://wiki.ubuntu.com/DeveloperMembershipBoard/KnowledgeBase is the general starting point for DMB-internal docs

 19:06 <rafaeldtinoco> ok

 19:06 <rbasak> (internal as in not relevant to anyone but active DMB members, but public of course)

 19:07 <rafaeldtinoco> sil2100: mark this as carried over then., it will be done next meeting

 19:07 <rafaeldtinoco> rbasak: tku

 19:07 <sil2100> Sure o/

 19:07 <ItzSwirlz> o/

 19:07 <sil2100> #subtopic DMB to vote at next mtg(s) on controlling the membership access for the OEM enablement metapackages

 19:08 <rbasak> I was distracted during the previous meeting, sorry.

 19:08 <rbasak> But AIUI, there's nothing being done here yet, except to define a packageset?

 19:08 <sil2100> Yeah, so I'm reading the previous meeting logs now

 19:09 <sil2100> I think we agreed that we would just be creating a packageset and delegating the management of those permissions to ubuntu-archive, correct?

 19:09 <rafaeldtinoco> As a first step towards making this self service for that team, I'd like

 19:09 <rafaeldtinoco> to ask the DMB to consider making a packageset for this purpose.

 19:09 <rafaeldtinoco> Initially it'll have no uploaders apart from ~ubuntu-core-dev, so we're

 19:09 <rafaeldtinoco> considering the set itself only right now.

 19:09 <sil2100> Is this something we should vote on?

 19:09 <rafaeldtinoco> this is the core part for now

 19:10 <rafaeldtinoco> we will have people applying for upload rights later

 19:10 <rafaeldtinoco> iirc

 19:10 <sil2100> Ok, so only voting on creating the packageset for now with core-dev as members, without team delegation?

 19:10 <rafaeldtinoco> i would set the team ready

 19:10 <rafaeldtinoco> just so we dont need AA later

 19:11 <rafaeldtinoco> this way we can manage permissions as they apply

 19:11 <rbasak> Create a team maybe, and add only ~ubuntu-core-dev to it initially

 19:11 <rafaeldtinoco> yep

 19:11 <rafaeldtinoco> then we are good to go for applications

 19:12 <sil2100> Do we want to define the initial packageset contents formally?

 19:12 <rbasak> https://wiki.ubuntu.com/DeveloperMembershipBoard/KnowledgeBase#Personal_packagesets_and_glob_expansions is prior art for "glob-based" packagesets

 19:12 <rbasak> There, the formal packageset contents was defined in the packageset description using the glob pattern

 19:12 <rafaeldtinoco> yep

 19:13 <rafaeldtinoco> m tells me

 19:13 <rafaeldtinoco> that packageset permissions can be added if a source package exists

 19:13 <rafaeldtinoco> *anywhere* (i.e. in a PPA), not just in Ubuntu. So there would be a

 19:13 <rafaeldtinoco> script which enumerates a staging PPA and adds packages found there

 19:13 <rafaeldtinoco> which match the glob 'oem-*-meta' to the packageset.

 19:13 <sil2100> Yeah, so the glob here would be oem-*-meta

 19:13 <rafaeldtinoco> they want source packages to come automatically from a staging ppa

 19:13 <sil2100> Ok, so let me formulate the vote then

 19:13 <rbasak> rafaeldtinoco: I would prefer to require the glob to be driven from the archive, not from a PPA

 19:14 <rbasak> I'm not sure a packageset containing a package not in the archive would work anyway

 19:14 <rafaeldtinoco> rbasak: what are the cons ?

 19:14 <rafaeldtinoco> ah i see

 19:14 <ddstreet> that was a concern for me also rbasak, driving the packageset from a ppa is essentially opening a backdoor into the archive

 19:14 <rbasak> It's confusing, because the DMB's remit relates to the archive only

 19:14 <rafaeldtinoco> you mean an upload for a source that we dont have

 19:14 <rafaeldtinoco> yep

 19:14 <rbasak> And also what ddstreet says

 19:14 <rbasak> The process would be:

 19:15 <rbasak> Get a core dev or MOTU sponsored upload into the archive

 19:15 <rbasak> Get an AA to do the NEW review

 19:15 <rbasak> Ask the DMB to run the script to update the packageset using the glob pattern

 19:15 <rbasak> In that order

 19:15 <sil2100> Are we ready to vote on the base part?

 19:16 <rafaeldtinoco> what is the NEW review ?

 19:16 <rafaeldtinoco> rbasak: ^

 19:16 <ddstreet> sil2100 is there specific wording that we're voting on now?

 19:16 <rafaeldtinoco> sil2100: I think we are all +1 on this, currently discussing the implementation

 19:17 <sil2100> #vote Creation of a new canonical-oem-metapackages packageset and owning team for the glob expansion of oem-*-meta, initially having ~ubuntu-core-dev as the only member

 19:17 <meetingology> Please vote on: Creation of a new canonical-oem-metapackages packageset and owning team for the glob expansion of oem-*-meta, initially having ~ubuntu-core-dev as the only member

 19:17 <meetingology> Public votes can be registered by saying +1, +0 or -1 in channel, (for private voting, private message me with 'vote +1/-1/+0 #channelname)

 19:17 <sil2100> (we need a formal vote)

 19:17 <sil2100> Did I  get this right?

 19:18 <rbasak> +1 assuming that the glob expansion will be performed from archive packages only

 19:18 <meetingology> +1 assuming that the glob expansion will be performed from archive packages only received from rbasak

 19:18 <ddstreet> +1 for pkgset and team creation

 19:18 <meetingology> +1 for pkgset and team creation received from ddstreet

 19:18 <sil2100> +1

 19:18 <meetingology> +1 received from sil2100

 19:18 <rafaeldtinoco> +1 for both

 19:18 <meetingology> +1 for both received from rafaeldtinoco

 19:18 <sil2100> #endvote

 19:18 <meetingology> Voting ended on: Creation of a new canonical-oem-metapackages packageset and owning team for the glob expansion of oem-*-meta, initially having ~ubuntu-core-dev as the only member

 19:18 <meetingology> Votes for:4 Votes against:0 Abstentions:0

 19:18 <meetingology> Motion carried

 19:18 <sil2100> Ok, motion carried, yes, we can proceed with implementation details

 19:18 <sil2100> ;)

 19:19 <rafaeldtinoco> sorry, had in my head this was already voted previously

 19:19 <rafaeldtinoco> thanks

 19:19 <ddstreet> i think at the last mtg we said it would be better to defer the specific pkgset operation to ubuntu-archive or ubuntu-sru team, is that right? and dmb would only manage team membership?

 19:19 <sil2100> I don't think it was, as the action item was to vote on it now

 19:20 <rafaeldtinoco> ddstreet: we did say that

 19:20 <rafaeldtinoco> but never agreed

 19:20 <sil2100> Yeah

 19:20 <rafaeldtinoco> im thinking if that would be easier for them

 19:20 <ddstreet> i do agree with rbasak on the concerns around the implementation, but maybe that's best for a different team to work out?

 19:21 <rbasak> AIUI then, we'd define the glob expansion (ie. define the script that does the glob expansion) but ~ubuntu-archive or ~ubuntu-sru would actually run it?

 19:21 <rbasak> If that's considered useful, then sure

 19:21 <rafaeldtinoco> im ok with that

 19:21 <ddstreet> i'm ok either way

 19:21 <rafaeldtinoco> rbasak: would that be a burden for the sru team ?

 19:21 <rafaeldtinoco> thinking on what would be best for all (SRU team and this new team)

 19:22 <sil2100> Same here, I don't think it's that much of a deal to actually need to be delegated though

 19:22 <rafaeldtinoco> if its just running a script

 19:22 <rafaeldtinoco> i can do it with the weekly pkgset

 19:22 <rbasak> The SRU team aren't used to managing packagesets or running recognising weird edge cases to run appropriate scripts

 19:22 <rafaeldtinoco> pkgset <-> seed sync

 19:22 <rafaeldtinoco> i can run both together

 19:23 <rafaeldtinoco> do we have a "production"  place

 19:23 <rafaeldtinoco> to land those things ?

 19:23 <rbasak> I'm not refusing to do it on behalf of the SRU team or anything, but I'm not sure it's going to be helpful. In practice it'll end up getting missed I think

 19:23 <sil2100> I'd say let's leave it under our control for now

 19:23 <ddstreet> sounds like rafaeldtinoco is taking an action item to add it to the tooling then? :)

 19:23 <rafaeldtinoco> rbasak: that is understood

 19:23 <rafaeldtinoco> ddstreet: its ok for me.. i was just wondering

 19:23 <rafaeldtinoco> is my home the best place to run cron jobs ?

 19:23 <rbasak> I'm with sil2100. Let's leave it under our control for now.

 19:23 <rafaeldtinoco> should I deploy it somewhere ?

 19:23 <rbasak> We don't have a good place to cron it from

 19:24 <rafaeldtinoco> ok, it will continue here then

 19:24 <rbasak> We could start by just responding to a ping from an uploader who is stuck

 19:24 <rbasak> And then go from there

 19:24 <sil2100> Ok, let's put some action items

 19:24 <sil2100> Who wants to take the actual team and packageset creation?

 19:24 <rbasak> I'll take it

 19:24 <rafaeldtinoco> cool. i can do the scripting

 19:24 <rafaeldtinoco> and crontabing

 19:25 <rafaeldtinoco> if needed (or should we wait applicants first ?)

 19:25 <sil2100> #action rbasak to take care of the canonical-oem-metapackages packageset and owning team creation

 19:25 * meetingology rbasak to take care of the canonical-oem-metapackages packageset and owning team creation

 19:25 <sil2100> rbasak: guess it needs the TB, right?

 19:25 <sil2100> (I always forget)

 19:25 <rbasak> rafaeldtinoco: personally I'd wait until managing it manually becomes painful

 19:25 <rbasak> But I have no objection if you want to run ahead with it

 19:25 <rafaeldtinoco> manually it is

 19:25 <rbasak> Yes - packageset creation will need the TB. We have a process for requesting that

 19:25 <rafaeldtinoco> so we can all get used to it

 19:25 <sil2100> I think we all have enough on our plates that it's best not to put additional scripting work ;)

 19:25 <rafaeldtinoco> sil2100: yes!

 19:26 <sil2100> Ok, I think we have this sorted out then

 19:26 <sil2100> #subtopic slashd to add Yaru to the desktop set for focal

 19:26 <sil2100> I don't think slashd is here with us today?

 19:26 <sil2100> Does anyone know if that is done?

 19:27 <ddstreet> looks like it's not done yet

 19:27 <ddstreet> and slashd is out today

 19:27 <sil2100> Ok, let's carry that one over then

 19:28 <sil2100> Last action item is a duplicate, and we discussed it already

 19:28 <sil2100> We have no applicants today, so let's move to AOB

 19:28 <sil2100> #topic AOB

 19:28 <sil2100> Anything to discuss otherwise?

 19:29 <sil2100> I take that as a no!

 19:30 <sil2100> Ok, I guess we can finish

 19:30 <sil2100> #topic Select a chair for the next meeting

 19:30 <sil2100> That would be Teward, but I guess he's not here today

 19:30 <sil2100> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)