== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting: DMB meeting, 13 Jan at 15:08 &mdash; 15:41 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2020/ubuntu-meeting.2020-01-13-15.08.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Review of previous action items ===
The discussion about "Review of previous action items" started at 15:08.

 * '''cyphermox to build report for expiry from dev teams''' (15:08)
 * '''cyphermox to setup nominations, voting for new DMB members''' (15:09)
 * '''slashd to announce and add mfo to the SRU Developer team.''' (15:09)
 * '''rbasak to announce/implement : Expiry policy for flavor developer team membership (https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/technical-board/2019-July/002451.html)''' (15:11)
  * ''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/FocalFossa/ReleaseSchedule 
  * ''Vote:'' Please vote on: Rafael Tinoco (rafaeldtinoco) Coredev application (Carried)



== Vote results ==

 * [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2020/ubuntu-meeting.2020-01-13-15.08.log.html#50 Please vote on: Rafael Tinoco (rafaeldtinoco) Coredev application]]
  * Motion carried (For/Against/Abstained 3/0/0)
   *  Voters rbasak, slashd, sil2100



== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * slashd (42)
 * rbasak (11)
 * meetingology (11)
 * rafaeldtinoco (7)
 * cyphermox (3)
 * sil2100 (2)



== Full Log ==


 15:08 <slashd> #startmeeting DMB meeting

 15:08 <meetingology> Meeting started Mon Jan 13 15:08:12 2020 UTC.  The chair is slashd. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 15:08 <meetingology> 

 15:08 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 15:08 <slashd> #topic Review of previous action items

 15:08 <slashd> #subtopic cyphermox to build report for expiry from dev teams

 15:09 <slashd> #subtopic cyphermox to setup nominations, voting for new DMB members

 15:09 <slashd> I think they go together ^

 15:09 <slashd> so I guess it's on the way now

 15:09 <slashd> #subtopic slashd to announce and add mfo to the SRU Developer team.

 15:09 <rbasak> As above, I'm happy to take over the call for nominations if cyphermox is busy

 15:09 <slashd> done ^

 15:09 <rbasak> Not that I'm not busy, but... :)

 15:10 <rbasak> I was just looking into it while waiting for quorum as it happens

 15:10 <rbasak> Assuming that everyone is happy with now calling for nominations for all seats?

 15:10 <slashd> I'm +1 for it

 15:10 <cyphermox> please

 15:10 <rbasak> ack

 15:10 <cyphermox> I can only do so much for the next few weeks

 15:11 <cyphermox> ramping up new job and all of that

 15:11 <slashd> so good cyphermox or rbasak will coordonnate for the new all seats election

 15:11 <slashd> #subtopic rbasak to announce/implement : Expiry policy for flavor developer team membership (https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/technical-board/2019-July/002451.html)

 15:12 <slashd> any new details on this ?

 15:12 <rbasak> I've not done that yet, sorry

 15:12 <slashd> ok

 15:12 <slashd> anything else before we go with the application ?

 15:13 <slashd> I guess not

 15:13 <slashd> We have 1 applicant today, rafaeldtinoco (coredev)

 15:14 <rafaeldtinoco> o/

 15:14 <slashd> rafaeldtinoco, he applied for MOTU a few weeks ago, I don't think introduction is needed again

 15:14 <slashd> do you guys have any questions for rafael ?

 15:15 <rbasak> Rafael has my endorsement too

 15:15 <rbasak> I have failed again to get it on his wiki page, sorry.

 15:15 <slashd> noted

 15:15 <slashd> rafaeldtinoco, how's your MOTU journey going so far ? since we granted you access ?

 15:15 <rafaeldtinoco> slashd: its going fine. I have currently 2 MIRs with actions on my side.

 15:16 <rafaeldtinoco> other packages I uploaded were always reviewed by at least 1 core developer.

 15:16 * sil2100 doesn't have questions

 15:16 <slashd> btw rafael wiki page : https://wiki.ubuntu.com/rafaeldtinoco/CoreDev

 15:17 <slashd> rafaeldtinoco, what do you need to be carefull about of as we move forward to the release of focal in stable release when uploading changes ?

 15:18 <rafaeldtinoco> I guess its a mid-opened question, but not introducing big changes as we approach freeze dates (because of testing time), always checking migrations to check on regressions that might have occurred, etc... things like that

 15:19 <slashd> yeah sorry my question was not well construct

 15:19 <slashd> but yeah paying attention to freeze schedule

 15:19 <slashd> there is different freezes starting in february

 15:19 <slashd> so that's something that will happen quicker than we think

 15:20 <slashd> https://wiki.ubuntu.com/FocalFossa/ReleaseSchedule

 15:20 <slashd> no more question for me

 15:20 <rafaeldtinoco> thanks Eric!

 15:21 <slashd> ok I think there is no other questions, let's vote

 15:21 <slashd> #vote Please vote on: Rafael Tinoco (rafaeldtinoco) Coredev application

 15:21 <meetingology> Please vote on: Please vote on: Rafael Tinoco (rafaeldtinoco) Coredev application

 15:21 <meetingology> Public votes can be registered by saying +1, +0 or -1 in channel, (for private voting, private message me with 'vote +1/-1/+0 #channelname)

 15:21 <slashd> #voterequired 4

 15:22 <rbasak> As Rafael is a colleague, I will abstain unless my vote is required to make quorum and everyone else is unanimously in favour.

 15:23 <slashd> +1 on my side, I have witness a lot of Rafael works over the year and I'm confident he'll be a great coredev

 15:23 <meetingology> +1 on my side, I have witness a lot of Rafael works over the year and I'm confident he'll be a great coredev received from slashd

 15:25 <sil2100> +1

 15:25 <meetingology> +1 received from sil2100

 15:27 <slashd> cyphermox, ?

 15:28 <slashd> I think rbasak is waiting for your vote to complete

 15:36 <slashd> cyphermox ?

 15:40 <slashd> quoting cyphermox: <cyphermox> in a meeting now, +1 for a vote for tinoco

 15:40 <slashd> rbasak your time I guess

 15:40 <rbasak> +1

 15:40 <meetingology> +1 received from rbasak

 15:40 <slashd> #endvote

 15:40 <meetingology> Voting ended on: Please vote on: Rafael Tinoco (rafaeldtinoco) Coredev application

 15:40 <meetingology> Votes for:3 Votes against:0 Abstentions:0

 15:40 <meetingology> Motion carried

 15:40 <slashd> Congratulations Rafael !

 15:40 <rafaeldtinoco> \o/

 15:41 <rafaeldtinoco> thank you all!

 15:41 <slashd> I'll take care of the announcement and lp access

 15:41 <rbasak> Thanks slashd!

 15:41 <slashd> thanks all, have a nice rest of the day !

 15:41 <slashd> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)