== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status, 17 Mar at 14:09 &mdash; 14:34 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2020/ubuntu-meeting.2020-03-17-14.09.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Review of previous action items ===
The discussion about "Review of previous action items" started at 14:09.


=== New MIRs ===
The discussion about "New MIRs" started at 14:13.

  * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=NEW&assignee_option=none&field.assignee=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir 

=== Incomplete bugs / questions ===
The discussion about "Incomplete bugs / questions" started at 14:17.

  * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir 
  * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg 



== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * doko (24)
 * sarnold (6)
 * jamespage (6)
 * didrocks (4)
 * meetingology (3)
 * ubottu (2)
 * coreycb (1)
 * ddstreet (1)



== Full Log ==


 14:09 <doko> #startmeeting Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status

 14:09 <meetingology> Meeting started Tue Mar 17 14:09:32 2020 UTC.  The chair is doko. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 14:09 <meetingology> 

 14:09 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 14:09 <doko> #topic Review of previous action items

 14:11 <doko> cpaelzer wanted to review the wiki pages, I assume we delay that to next week

 14:12 * didrocks has some notes to discuss on the wiki pages, but yeah, let’s wait for him

 14:12 <doko> I didn't do https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/ec2-instance-connect/+bug/1835114/comments/5

 14:12 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1835114 in ec2-instance-connect (Ubuntu) "[MIR] ec2-instance-connect" [Undecided,Incomplete]

 14:12 <doko> anything else?

 14:12 * didrocks has done alsa-*, all good

 14:13 <doko> #topic New MIRs

 14:13 <doko> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=NEW&assignee_option=none&field.assignee=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 14:15 <doko> ahasenack closed wrongly https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/python-maxminddb/+bug/1861101

 14:15 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1861101 in python-geoip2 (Ubuntu) "[MIR]: dependency of bind9" [Undecided,In progress]

 14:16 <doko> I'll chat with andreas

 14:16 <doko> ddstreet, didrocks: could one of yout do 1864667?

 14:17 <ddstreet> i can take that one

 14:17 <doko> #topic Incomplete bugs / questions

 14:17 <doko> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 14:18 <didrocks> nothing new if I’m correct?

 14:19 <doko> sarnold: could you ask raharper about 1835114?

 14:19 <doko> https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg

 14:19 <sarnold> doko: yeah

 14:19 <sarnold> why's pcp still in that long list?

 14:20 <sarnold> I thought we finished that up before 18.04

 14:20 <doko> jamespage: designate pulls in two new rdeps

 14:20 <doko> apport/terminator is a bug?

 14:21 <doko> linitan/libdevel-size-perl remains. foundations

 14:24 <doko> anything else?

 14:24 <jamespage> doko: yeah i noted that this morning whilst tidying up a few other bits

 14:24 <jamespage> the masakara -> sqlalchemy-utils dep has now been removed (it was surplus - dropped upstream as well)

 14:24 <jamespage> which should clear masakari-* and python-tabulate for promotion

 14:25 <doko> ok, I'll wait until the mismatch page is updated

 14:25 <doko> closing?

 14:26 <didrocks> yeah, nothing else for me

 14:26 <sarnold> some of the apport binary packages depend upon x-terminal-emulator -- I wonder if that's where terminator comes from?

 14:26 <jamespage> I'll deal with that designate extra new deps thing - its entirely optional

 14:26 <jamespage> so no new MIR needed there

 14:26 <jamespage> coreycb: ^^

 14:27 <coreycb> jamespage: yes edgegrid is optional, thanks

 14:28 <doko> sarnold: ok, so add a real package as the first alternative, one for gtk, one for kde

 14:30 <sarnold> I wonder why it's just showing up now; precise appears to be the last release without the x-terminal-emulator dependency

 14:32 <doko> maybe another package providing that one was demoted?

 14:34 <doko> anyway, closing

 14:34 <sarnold> thanks doko, all

 14:34 <doko> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)