== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team, 20 Feb at 16:03 &mdash; 17:07 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2020/ubuntu-meeting.2020-02-20-16.03.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning rounds ===
The discussion about "Lightning rounds" started at 16:03.


=== Release incoming bugs ===
The discussion about "Release incoming bugs" started at 16:10.

  * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ff-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs 
  * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ee-incoming-bug-tasks.html 

=== Team proposed-migration report ===
The discussion about "Team proposed-migration report" started at 16:43.

  * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/focal/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs 

=== AOB ===
The discussion about "AOB" started at 16:57.

  * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/transitions/html/python3.8-only.html 
  * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/transitions/html/icu.html 



== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * vorlon (62)
 * bdmurray (58)
 * xnox (43)
 * juliank (33)
 * ahasenack (21)
 * sil2100 (18)
 * doko (17)
 * rbalint (10)
 * ubottu (9)
 * meetingology (3)



== Full Log ==


 16:03 <bdmurray> #startmeeting Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team

 16:03 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Feb 20 16:03:06 2020 UTC.  The chair is bdmurray. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:03 <meetingology> 

 16:03 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 16:03 <bdmurray> #topic Lightning rounds

 16:03 <bdmurray> echo $(shuf -e vorlon bdmurray xnox tdaitx doko sil2100 rbalint infinity mwhudson juliank waveform)

 16:03 <bdmurray> bdmurray mwhudson tdaitx rbalint sil2100 doko xnox infinity vorlon waveform juliank

 16:03 <bdmurray> submitted RT regarding ET mojo spec jenkins run failing

 16:03 <bdmurray> reading / posting on Raspberry Pi forums re Ubuntu

 16:03 <bdmurray> writing / discussing ubuntu-patch-status specification

 16:03 <bdmurray> uploaded u-r-u fixing LP: #1834501

 16:03 <bdmurray> testing updated linux-firmware-raspi2 and 802.11ac

 16:03 <bdmurray> sru-review of containerd for mwhudson

 16:03 <bdmurray> short week due to a holiday

 16:03 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1834501 in lxd (Ubuntu) "do-release-upgrade from bionic->any disables lxd without snapstore access" [Undecided,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1834501

 16:03 <bdmurray> ✔ done

 16:04 <bdmurray> tdaitx:

 16:04 <bdmurray> rbalint: how about you?

 16:04 <rbalint> * partner work

 16:04 <rbalint> * proposed migration: task

 16:05 <rbalint> * ftbfs fix: flatbuffers

 16:05 <rbalint> * SRUs: unattended-upgrades

 16:05 <rbalint> * speeding up unattended-upgrades in progress

 16:05 <rbalint> (done)

 16:05 <bdmurray> rbalint: Do those SRUs need review?

 16:05 <bdmurray> sil2100:

 16:05 <rbalint> bdmurray, sil2100 kindly did them

 16:05 <sil2100> Skip

 16:05 <sil2100> plz

 16:05 <doko> - finally sent the python2 removal email

 16:05 <doko> - python3.7 removal: https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/transitions/html/python3.8-only.html

 16:05 <doko> - icu transition

 16:05 <doko> - working on a gcc-8 upstream issue, armhf, for the 8.4 release

 16:05 <doko> - gcc-8 update

 16:05 <doko> - gcc-9 update, add the fix for -O3 ppc64el endless loop

 16:05 <doko> - some unrelated uploads/transitions

 16:05 <doko> (done)

 16:06 <bdmurray> xnox:

 16:06 <bdmurray> vorlon:

 16:06 <vorlon> * short week, out last Friday and this Monday

 16:06 <vorlon> * proposed-migration and merges

 16:06 <vorlon> * a few more i386 autopkgtests passing

 16:06 <vorlon> (done)

 16:07 <bdmurray> waveform is ill

 16:07 <bdmurray> juliank:

 16:07 <juliank> you guys are too fast

 16:07 <sil2100> I'm ready

 16:07 <bdmurray> go for it

 16:07 <sil2100> - SRU reviews and releases

 16:07 <sil2100> - Some kernel SRUs

 16:07 <sil2100> - Looking into the quirk check-free-space update-manager crash bug - already fixed

 16:07 <sil2100> - Looked into bubblewrap/libcap2 ADT issues, filled bugs in LP and Debian

 16:07 <sil2100> - Refreshed core16 images

 16:07 <xnox> bdmurray:  i was still in IBM call sorry.

 16:07 <sil2100> - Archive administration work

 16:08 <sil2100> - Poked people to get Dave added to the right teams for pi-gadget commit access

 16:08 * xnox starts typing my own notes

 16:08 <sil2100> - netplan:

 16:08 <sil2100> * Played around with the code

 16:08 <sil2100> * Looked at the NetworkManager read-write spec, answered some questions, asked a few more

 16:08 <sil2100> * Prepared packaging for the required libnetplan library, did some test builds

 16:08 <sil2100> - Prepared some symlinks to pi4 images on nusakan

 16:08 <sil2100> - Interviews

 16:08 <sil2100> (done)

 16:08 * juliank ready

 16:08 <juliank> * learning more about grub scripting and dmi, and modaliases

 16:08 <juliank> * apt 1.9.10

 16:08 <juliank> * started breaking the APT ABI in master

 16:08 <juliank> * learning how to build images locally with ubuntu-cdimage and friends

 16:08 <juliank> * sponsoring maas deb2snap uploads for ack and co

 16:08 <juliank> * fixing apt fuzz segfaults in tagfile parser

 16:08 <juliank> * python-apt:

 16:08 <juliank> - ported to pybuild

 16:08 <juliank> - fixed segmentation fault in python-apt

 16:08 <juliank> - added set_priority calls for rbalint

 16:08 <juliank> - made it build against apt master

 16:08 <juliank> * fixed aptitude

 16:08 <juliank> * broke shim? it can't load fwupd on focal, investigating did not yield useful results so far

 16:09 <juliank> * found i915 patches

 16:09 <juliank> * "testing" mesa 20 from proposed :D

 16:09 <juliank> (done)

 16:09 <bdmurray> xnox: are you ready?

 16:09 <juliank> thanks xnox for ubuntu-cdimage tutorial

 16:09 <xnox> Good progress on icu transition, about just a dozen packages left

 16:09 <xnox> Ubuntu-core-initramfs did upload with better cryptsetup, still needs work as post-initrd boot is still borked up a bit.

 16:09 <xnox> Subiquity luks is done in edge channel now, it’s nice.

 16:09 <xnox> Done

 16:09 <xnox> juliank:  your welcome =)

 16:09 <xnox> bdmurray:  let's call that my status

 16:09 <bdmurray> xnox: works for me

 16:10 <bdmurray> #topic Release incoming bugs

 16:10 <bdmurray> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ff-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 16:10 <bdmurray> bug 1863532

 16:10 <ubottu> bug 1863532 in python3-defaults (Ubuntu) "Invoking "python" brings inappropriate response from command-not-found when python3 installed" [Undecided,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1863532

 16:11 <bdmurray> this seems worth taking

 16:12 <bdmurray> I'll target and card it

 16:12 <bdmurray> bug 1863195

 16:12 <ubottu> bug 1863195 in dh-python (Ubuntu) "py3compile should not emit python runtime warnings during dist-upgrade" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1863195

 16:13 <bdmurray> I also saw this during an upgrade

 16:14 <bdmurray> This would add a lot of noise to debugging dist-upgrades

 16:18 <doko> I don't care, do what you have to do

 16:23 <rbalint> +1 for carding it

 16:24 <bdmurray> We'll talk about this at the sprint in Frankfurt but will also target and card it

 16:25 <bdmurray> bug 1862846 is already targetted and in progress

 16:25 <ubottu> bug 1862846 in util-linux (Ubuntu Focal) "Crash and failure installing focal" [Medium,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1862846

 16:26 <bdmurray> bug 1861655

 16:26 <ubottu> bug 1861655 in The Ubuntu-power-systems project "[Ubu 20.04][kernel-5.4.0-12-generic][WSP-DD2.3] Unable to install Ubu 20.4 on NVMe disk" [High,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1861655

 16:27 <bdmurray> we'll card that

 16:28 <bdmurray> It looks like bryce has made progress with bug 1861472 but has a lot of philosophical questions in there

 16:28 <ubottu> bug 1861472 in openssh (Ubuntu) "upgrade from fresh bionic to focal needlessly prompts user" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1861472

 16:29 <bdmurray> vorlon will follow up on the questions

 16:30 <bdmurray> bug 1861470 sounds familiar did we discuss it?

 16:30 <ubottu> bug 1861470 in linux-signed-5.4 (Ubuntu) "BIOS logo reappears mid-boot after the purple screen" [Medium,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1861470

 16:30 <vorlon> is this the one I've commented on?

 16:30 <vorlon> yeah

 16:33 <bdmurray> This sounds like something we should coordinate across teams so a spec would be appropriate to get agreement and buy in.

 16:33 <bdmurray> Or start via an email which xnox will send.

 16:34 <bdmurray> bug 1861082 is a duplicate and think is a won't fix from us

 16:34 <ubottu> bug 1861082 in apport (Ubuntu) "ubuntu-bug doesn't know how to file bugs against snaps" [Undecided,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1861082

 16:35 <bdmurray> because there isn't any information provided by snaps about where bugs should go

 16:37 <bdmurray> I seem to recall some previous work about apport telling you something is a snap e.g. if you do ubuntu-bug git-ubuntu

 16:38 <bdmurray> and that does tell you something

 16:39 <bdmurray> xnox will do some stuff with that bug

 16:40 <bdmurray> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ee-incoming-bug-tasks.html

 16:41 <bdmurray> bug 1842439

 16:41 <ubottu> bug 1842439 in apport (Ubuntu) "apport-gtk crashed with SIGSEGV in _gtk_settings_get_screen(settings=0x0)" [Medium,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1842439

 16:41 <bdmurray> That errors bucket is somewhat large so I think its worth having a look. Agreed?

 16:42 <sil2100> +1

 16:42 <bdmurray> rls-bb-incoming is fine

 16:43 <bdmurray> #topic Team proposed-migration report

 16:43 <bdmurray> vorlon:

 16:43 <vorlon> [LINK] https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/focal/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs

 16:44 <vorlon> the top one is libyaml-libyaml-perl, which is stuck in both Debian unstable and -proposed because of some upstream incompatibilities

 16:44 <vorlon> I took this one last time but didn't make any progress on it

 16:44 <vorlon> I'm inclined to deprioritize it, unless someone else is keen?

 16:44 <xnox> kick it out of -proposed?

 16:45 <vorlon> xnox: why?  it is likely to be fixed eventually in Debian

 16:45 <xnox> if it can't migrate, and we can't update the package if we need to = bad

 16:45 <xnox> cause /this/ version will never migrate

 16:45 <vorlon> when have we ever updated this package

 16:45 <xnox> =)

 16:45 <xnox> lolz ok

 16:45 <vorlon> xnox: no, it's a /related/ package whose autopkgtests are failing

 16:45 <xnox> ah

 16:45 <vorlon> and that package might get fixed so that they can go in together

 16:45 <xnox> ok

 16:45 <vorlon> so I would leave it there and ignore unless something else comes up that makes it a priority

 16:45 <vorlon> gmp

 16:45 <xnox> open a bug report with update-execuse tag explaining this?

 16:46 <vorlon> rbalint: you took this one last week, do you need any help?

 16:46 <vorlon> xnox: ok

 16:46 <rbalint> gmp is mine, behavour changes

 16:46 <vorlon> I'll do that

 16:46 <rbalint> need revdep fixes, on it

 16:46 <vorlon> ok

 16:46 <vorlon> boost-defaults

 16:46 <vorlon> xnox: need any help here for this transition?

 16:46 <xnox> can we just migrate it?

 16:47 <vorlon> sounds like no (britney is right!)

 16:47 <vorlon> and sounds like boost-defaults+icu is going to be ready to go soon

 16:48 <vorlon> pyserial/mu-editor

 16:48 <vorlon> waveform took this

 16:48 <vorlon> waveform: (when you're around) any progress on pyserial, mu-editor on armhf?

 16:49 <vorlon> libsereal-decoder-perl is tdaitx, who is also not around, carry over

 16:49 <vorlon> icu, as discussed

 16:49 <vorlon> openjdk-lts is blocked on the i386 autopkgtest regression

 16:49 <vorlon> well, "regression"

 16:49 <vorlon> doko: do I need to dig up my patch for i386 autopkgtests and send it to you?

 16:50 <vorlon> or have you talked to tdaitx about this?

 16:51 <doko> vorlon: not yet, he's still lunching :-/

 16:51 <vorlon> doko: so will you follow up with him or should I dig up my link?

 16:52 <doko> maybe digging it up is safer

 16:53 <vorlon> ok

 16:53 <vorlon> apt + libzstd

 16:53 <vorlon> juliank: ^^ any insight?  do you want to take this and dig into it?

 16:53 <vorlon> might just need a retry

 16:53 <juliank> ill loo

 16:53 <vorlon> ok

 16:53 <juliank> k

 16:53 <vorlon> xfsprogs, entangled with icu

 16:54 <vorlon> procps: this was my upload, I've pinged the server team about figuring out why postgresql-common doesn't like the new version, I'll re-ping

 16:54 <vorlon> (the postgresql-comomn tests require a VM rather than a chroot, so I can't be bothered to reproduce it locally ;p)

 16:54 <vorlon> lintian

 16:54 <vorlon> ftbfs

 16:55 <vorlon> who wants this one?

 16:55 <vorlon> bdmurray: ?

 16:56 <vorlon> and I'll take netbase, which is munin, which is flaky

 16:56 <vorlon> bdmurray: can you take lintian?

 16:56 <bdmurray> okay

 16:56 <vorlon> thanks

 16:56 <vorlon> and that's the list for today

 16:57 <bdmurray> #topic AOB

 16:57 <bdmurray> I'm out starting the 25th

 16:57 <juliank> I'll have to land libapt-pkg6.0 next week before FF. I might still want a FFe to add more patterns later when I'm less busy

 16:57 <ahasenack> can I bring something up? (don't know what aob is, any other business?)

 16:57 <doko> ahh, I wanted to point out the two pending transitions:

 16:57 <juliank> ahasenack: yes it is

 16:58 <doko> https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/transitions/html/python3.8-only.html

 16:58 <bdmurray> its not ahasenack other business though

 16:58 <juliank> bdmurray: that's true

 16:58 <doko> https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/transitions/html/icu.html

 16:58 <doko> help on those is welcome

 16:58 <vorlon> doko: from what xnox says, icu should be "done soon", are there specific things here that you and xnox want help with?

 16:58 <xnox> doko:  are unknown actually bad? or unknown actually good?

 16:58 <vorlon> I can pitch in but don't want to duplicate effort

 16:59 <juliank> bdmurray: we could invite him to share, though, let's be friendly

 16:59 <xnox> vorlon:  there are like 12 packages left, i'm not stuck yet. if i do get stuck i'll ask for help.

 16:59 <vorlon> ok

 16:59 <doko> xnox: I'm ignoring unknown

 16:59 <xnox> so far it was fallout from new SDL2 and new CMAKE nothing related to icu itself, just generic bitrot FTBFS

 16:59 <bdmurray> ahasenack: what do you want to bring up?

 16:59 <ahasenack> my topic is bind 9.16, upstream's "lts" stable version. isc-dhcp, bind-dyndb-ldap (universe) don't build with it, and debian has come up with https://salsa.debian.org/dns-team/bind9-libs/commit/40cab7029da3680cb9e58fa849018d942a6013b1

 16:59 <xnox> ahasenack:  i asked them to release LTS stable in time for ubuntu LTS.

 17:00 <ahasenack> which is package 9.16.x as just libraries, to keep isc-dhcp happy, and ship 9.16 with the full blown server

 17:00 <xnox> ahasenack:  my hope was that we will take it.

 17:00 <doko> anyway, if anybody is picking up a python3.8 issue, just mention it on irc

 17:00 <ahasenack> yeah, I've been working on 9.15.8 for the past few days, trying to pacakge it, check the differences, etc

 17:00 <ahasenack> this affects also freeipa, but it's my understanding we removed it from focal already, due to java issues, or something like that

 17:00 <xnox> ahasenack:  we do want to keep isc-dhcp working

 17:01 <xnox> ahasenack:  so i guess we do need to do this mess, and take it into focal

 17:01 <juliank> :/

 17:01 <xnox> don't care about bind-dyndb-ldap, but we do care about isc-dhcp to be working

 17:01 <ahasenack> #security also prefers to have 9.16 as the server

 17:01 <vorlon> xnox: do you want to create a card for the isc-dhcp work?

 17:01 <xnox> can we fix isc-dhcp or is it hard?

 17:01 <ahasenack> and is ok with having 9.11 as libs only, even though they are used (for what?) in isc-dhcp

 17:01 <xnox> or like make isc-dhcp static link?

 17:01 <xnox> cause i'm not sure we want to expose old libs for everyone

 17:02 <xnox> ahasenack:  it is ok for having 9.11 as libs only, yes.

 17:02 <ahasenack> there are also the udebs which I don't know how they are used

 17:02 <ahasenack> debian's 9.16 package doesn't build them

 17:02 <vorlon> only in d-i, so let's just break those deliberately

 17:02 <vorlon> ;p

 17:02 <xnox> ahasenack:  it's isc-dhcp which is used in d-i.

 17:02 <ahasenack> I mean, I know it's in d-i, just not how, or how to test it

 17:02 <xnox> ahasenack:  hence you'll probably need the old bind libs as udebs

 17:03 <xnox> but not the new ones

 17:03 <ahasenack> xnox: the bind9-libs src pkg from that salsa link above builds the udebs

 17:03 <ahasenack> the 9.11 ones

 17:03 <xnox> yes

 17:03 <ahasenack> so it looks like a working plan

 17:03 <xnox> yeap

 17:03 <ahasenack> but wanted to check with you

 17:03 <ahasenack> specially because we will have two major versions of bind 9 in main then

 17:03 <ahasenack> even though one only builds libraries

 17:03 <vorlon> :/

 17:03 <xnox> yes

 17:04 <xnox> ahasenack:  alternative is to build systemd-networkd netplan python3.8 into initramfs and udebs

 17:04 <ahasenack> I don't know about building isc-dhcp with static bind9.11 libraries

 17:04 <xnox> ahasenack:  drop / break isc-dhcp

 17:04 <xnox> and thus drop / break ifupdown

 17:04 <juliank> nooooooooo

 17:04 <ahasenack> I tried merging isc-dhcp once from debian, couldn't do it. Too much undocumented history

 17:04 <xnox> which is not going to happen

 17:04 <xnox> ahasenack:  i think people at this point depend on the bugs in isc-dhcp as stable ABI

 17:05 <juliank> but .. can't it go to universe?

 17:05 <xnox> juliank:  we use it in the initrd

 17:05 <juliank> ifupdown is in universe

 17:05 <xnox> juliank:  isc-dhcp

 17:05 <juliank> hmm

 17:05 <vorlon> xnox: isc-dhcp is also used in initramfs

 17:05 <ahasenack> I was told by upstream that isc-dhcp is on life support

 17:05 <vorlon> sure, but in favor of what

 17:06 <ahasenack> isc-kea probably

 17:06 <juliank> systemd dhcp client?

 17:06 <ahasenack> ah, mixed streams, sorry

 17:06 <vorlon> juliank: in initramfs

 17:06 <vorlon> that's not a change to make for 20.04

 17:06 <juliank> yes

 17:07 <juliank> :D

 17:07 <vorlon> did we manage to close out this meeting, or is it going to go forever because bdmurray is afk? :)

 17:07 <xnox> juliank:  i don't think we can use networkd dhcp client stand alone, as it requests different set of DHCP options / not enough for like ISCSI root mount on Oracle

 17:07 <bdmurray> I'll close it out

 17:07 <bdmurray> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)