== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team, 15 Oct at 15:03 &mdash; 16:02 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2020/ubuntu-meeting.2020-10-15-15.03.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning rounds ===
The discussion about "Lightning rounds" started at 15:04.


=== Release Incoming Bugs ===
The discussion about "Release Incoming Bugs" started at 15:11.

  * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-gg-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs 
  * ''LINK:'' http://launchpad.net/bugs/1890435 
  * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/accountsservice/+bug/1871538 - I guess this one is still not reproducible by anyone of us?
  * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/grub2/+bug/1899462 <- this looks new!
  * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/ubiquity/+bug/1897991 
  * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/grub-installer/+bug/1898342 
  * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/update-manager/+bug/1899507 
  * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ff-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs 
  * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/apt/+bug/1898729 
  * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/subiquity/+bug/1898614 <- ok, this one seems Incomplete still

=== Team proposed-migration report ===
The discussion about "Team proposed-migration report" started at 15:43.

  * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs 

=== AOB ===
The discussion about "AOB" started at 15:52.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * sil2100 (92)
 * vorlon (39)
 * juliank (21)
 * ubottu (21)
 * slyon (16)
 * xnox (16)
 * waveform (10)
 * tdaitx (10)
 * rbalint (9)
 * doko (8)
 * mclemenceau (6)
 * meetingology (3)



== Full Log ==


 15:03 <sil2100> #startmeeting Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team

 15:03 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Oct 15 15:03:55 2020 UTC.  The chair is sil2100. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 15:03 <meetingology> 

 15:03 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 15:04 <sil2100> #topic Lightning rounds

 15:04 <sil2100> echo $(shuf -e vorlon bdmurray xnox tdaitx doko sil2100 rbalint infinity mwhudson juliank waveform slyon)

 15:04 <sil2100> doko infinity bdmurray rbalint mwhudson xnox juliank tdaitx slyon vorlon waveform sil2100

 15:05 <sil2100> doko: o/

 15:05 <sil2100> Ok, let's skip doko for now

 15:05 <sil2100> rbalint: ^

 15:05 <rbalint> (short week due to holidays)

 15:05 <rbalint> * verification of many glibc bugs for the Bionic SRU

 15:06 <rbalint> * partner work

 15:06 <rbalint> * MIRs of new lintian dependencies

 15:06 <rbalint> (done)

 15:06 <xnox> uploaded LP: #1899621

 15:06 <ubottu> Error: Could not gather data from Launchpad for bug #1899621 (https://launchpad.net/bugs/1899621). The error has been logged

 15:06 <xnox> uploaded (LP: #1665384)

 15:06 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1665384 in ubiquity (Ubuntu Focal) "OEM switch to end user results in wifi not being available." [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1665384

 15:06 <xnox> uploaded (LP: #1872186)

 15:06 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1872186 in ubiquity (Ubuntu Focal) "Country base system Locales is wrong" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1872186

 15:06 <xnox> worked on https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu-cdimage/+bug/1899632

 15:06 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1899632 in Ubuntu CD Images "VMWare "Easy Install" not working in groovy" [Undecided,Incomplete]

 15:06 <xnox> providing efi/grub support for UC20

 15:06 <xnox> done

 15:07 <juliank> oh my turn already?

 15:07 <xnox> yeap

 15:07 <juliank> * more shim review triaging and upstream discussions

 15:07 <juliank> * security work

 15:07 <juliank> * learning vim as I go along

 15:07 <juliank> * 360

 15:07 <juliank> * python-apt 2.1.4 release

 15:07 <juliank> (done)

 15:07 <tdaitx> * synced openjdk-8 and openjdk-11 repositories

 15:07 <tdaitx> - add missing uploads and new releases

 15:07 <tdaitx> - created gbp repo for openjdk-lts

 15:07 <tdaitx> * got openjdk-11 and -8 migrated into groovy; had to retry some failing tests

 15:07 <tdaitx> * investigated popularity-contest, removed all use of ubuntu addresses and left empty fields so debian does not get spammed by our users

 15:07 <tdaitx> - now testing upgrade paths

 15:07 <tdaitx> Other:

 15:07 <tdaitx> - got a usb-c to hdmi dongle that does 4k 60hz

 15:07 <tdaitx> - being punished by pulseaudio and echo-cancel module

 15:07 <tdaitx> (done)

 15:07 <slyon> - 360s

 15:07 <slyon> - Fixed klibc FTBFS, needs review/sponsor

 15:07 <slyon> - Some s390-tools SRU handholding

 15:07 <slyon> - Prepared cloud-init MAAS/OVS fix, PR#608

 15:07 <slyon> - Learning about s390x architecture/vocabulary

 15:07 <slyon> === Netplan ===

 15:07 <slyon> - 0.100 Focal SRU verification, LP: #1894197

 15:07 <slyon> - Found solution for MAAS/OVS/PXE bug #1898997

 15:07 <slyon> * landed fix in Groovy via 0.100-0ubuntu5

 15:07 <slyon> * prepared new SRU with fix for Focal, needs sponsor

 15:07 <slyon> https://code.launchpad.net/~slyon/netplan/+git/ubuntu/+merge/392290

 15:07 <slyon> (done)

 15:07 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1894197 in netplan.io (Ubuntu Focal) "[SRU][FFe] Update to netplan.io 0.100" [Undecided,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1894197

 15:07 <ubottu> bug 1898997 in cloud-init "MAAS cannot deploy/boot if OVS bridge is configured on a single PXE NIC" [Undecided,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1898997

 15:07 <vorlon> * short week, US holiday on Monday and was out on Tuesday

 15:07 <vorlon> * fixing up various corner case boot issues with groovy images (LP: #1886148, LP: #1899308)

 15:07 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1886148 in OEM Priority Project "failure to boot groovy daily" [Low,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1886148

 15:07 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1899308 in cd-boot-images-amd64 (Ubuntu) "failure to boot groovy daily (again)" [Undecided,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1899308

 15:07 <vorlon> * reviews for release

 15:08 <vorlon> (done)

 15:08 <sil2100> waveform: ^

 15:08 <waveform> * Dog-fooding the pi desktop image; have only resorted to laptop for three video calls this week; everything else done on a variety of pi4's running the desktop

 15:08 <waveform> * Working on FTBFS for numpy (final issue)

 15:08 <waveform> * Tweaks for pi-bluetooth MIR (LP: #1897920)

 15:08 <waveform> * Reported LP: #1899953 for groovy release notes

 15:08 <waveform> * Reported LP: #1899962 for groovy release notes

 15:08 <waveform> * Tested "more new stuff", including fixes in flash-kernel and linux-firmware-raspi2

 15:08 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1897920 in pi-bluetooth (Ubuntu) "[MIR] pi-bluetooth" [Undecided,Incomplete] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1897920

 15:08 <waveform> * Still working on one remaining bluetooth failure

 15:08 <xnox> vorlon:  btw so far my extra attempts were unfruitful

 15:08 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1899953 in pulseaudio (Ubuntu) "Crackling audio on Raspberry Pi Desktop" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1899953

 15:08 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1899962 in pulseaudio (Ubuntu) "Wrong audio output device selected on Raspberry Pi Desktop" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1899962

 15:08 <waveform> (done)

 15:08 <sil2100> - SRU reviews and releases

 15:08 <sil2100> - Queue reviews for groovy

 15:08 <sil2100> - Looking into the fix for the keyboard layout selection issues

 15:08 <sil2100> - 360

 15:08 <sil2100> - Fixed FTBFS of libpsl

 15:08 <sil2100> - Pi Desktop:

 15:08 <sil2100> * Additional fixes for pi desktop - adding the 1GB swapfile

 15:08 <vorlon> xnox: ok; but you didn't say in the bug what those attempts were?

 15:08 <sil2100> * Sponsoring some uploads for Dave

 15:08 <sil2100> - 20.10 preparation

 15:09 <sil2100> * Preparing to start final base langpack export

 15:09 <sil2100> * Release meeting, touch base on status before final freeze

 15:09 <sil2100> * Sending out reminder for release notes update

 15:09 <sil2100> * Working though the checklist, getting in touch with the webteam etc.

 15:09 <xnox> vorlon:  vmware easy-not-actually-easy-install

 15:09 <sil2100> - Further work on the snap promoter scripting, trying to handle per-arch cases better

 15:09 <sil2100> (done)

 15:10 <sil2100> Ok, any more questions about status?

 15:10 <doko> - started with python3.9, test ppa builds, filing bugs, fixing bugs

 15:10 <doko> - preparing Python2 and Python3 SRUs for bionic

 15:10 <doko> - preparing separate python3.9 SRU for focal

 15:10 <doko> - some ftbfs fixes

 15:10 <doko> (done)

 15:11 <sil2100> #topic Release Incoming Bugs

 15:11 <sil2100> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-gg-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 15:11 <sil2100> http://launchpad.net/bugs/1890435

 15:11 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1890435 in gcc-10 (Ubuntu) "gcc-10 breaks on armhf (flaky): internal compiler error: Segmentation fault" [Critical,Confirmed]

 15:12 <doko> blocked

 15:13 <sil2100> Ok, should we leave it there then?

 15:16 <sil2100> This needs more investigation and doko is on it, so yeah

 15:16 <sil2100> Moving on

 15:17 <sil2100> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/accountsservice/+bug/1871538 - I guess this one is still not reproducible by anyone of us?

 15:17 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1871538 in dbus (Ubuntu Focal) "dbus timeout-ed during an upgrade, taking services down including gdm" [High,Incomplete]

 15:17 <slyon> unfortunately, no

 15:19 <sil2100> Ok, continuing

 15:19 <sil2100> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/grub2/+bug/1899462 <- this looks new!

 15:19 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1899462 in grub2 (Ubuntu Groovy) "grub2, cannot upgrade due to EFI partition type mismatch" [High,Triaged]

 15:20 <vorlon> it looks already targeted

 15:21 <xnox> juliank:  should take it =)

 15:21 <sil2100> Is it carded?

 15:21 <xnox> and he did =)

 15:21 <vorlon> and I'm not sure about the bug title accuracy

 15:21 <mclemenceau> not yet

 15:21 <sil2100> mclemenceau: can you card it? ;)

 15:21 <vorlon> "mount: /var/lib/grub/esp: special device /dev/disk/by-id/ata-KINGSTON_SA400S37480G_50026B73804E7AF8-part1 does not exist."

 15:22 <juliank> vorlon: irrelevant-ish

 15:22 <vorlon> juliank: which part? :)

 15:22 <juliank> vorlon: the entire line

 15:22 <juliank> vorlon: about the nonexisting device

 15:23 <juliank> vorlon: What happens is that this partition goes away, and no partitions are recognized as ESPs and hence you don't get choices

 15:23 <vorlon> ... goes away

 15:23 <juliank> we did debug all this in #ubuntu-devel :)

 15:23 <vorlon> well, that would've been a better thing to put in the bug description than the debug output ;)

 15:23 <vorlon> anyway

 15:23 <vorlon> I guess you agree this needs fixing?

 15:24 <sil2100> Let's make the bug description better and pull it in then o/

 15:24 <juliank> yes

 15:24 <sil2100> Moving on

 15:24 <sil2100> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/ubiquity/+bug/1897991

 15:24 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1897991 in ubiquity (Ubuntu) "xubuntu groovy install - bootloader install failure" [Undecided,Confirmed]

 15:24 <sil2100> Whoop

 15:24 <sil2100> Wrong one

 15:24 <sil2100> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/grub-installer/+bug/1898342

 15:24 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1898342 in grub-installer (Ubuntu) "Bootloader install failed" [Undecided,New]

 15:24 <sil2100> This one

 15:25 <juliank> how is this a bug?

 15:25 <juliank> person gets offered to install to 3 locations, says cancel, and it's cancelled?

 15:25 <sil2100> I think the bug is that he got the prompt

 15:26 <sil2100> But this bug isn't very informative

 15:26 <vorlon> I don't see enough information there to proceed, yeah

 15:27 <sil2100> Should we ask for more info and leave it?

 15:27 <vorlon> and do we think this is related to LP: #1885414?

 15:27 <xnox> i asked for more info

 15:27 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1885414 in ubiquity (Ubuntu Groovy) "on flavours ubiquity: bootloader failed on /dev/vda" [Critical,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1885414

 15:28 <vorlon> (or duplicate of)

 15:28 <xnox> hmmmmmmm

 15:29 <sil2100> Weirdness!

 15:29 <sil2100> Anyway, moving on for now: https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/update-manager/+bug/1899026

 15:29 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1899026 in update-manager (Ubuntu) "Add proxy auto detect support" [Undecided,New]

 15:31 <sil2100> Let's card it then

 15:32 <sil2100> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/update-manager/+bug/1899507

 15:32 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1899507 in update-manager (Ubuntu) "update-manager checks for free space in /boot when the operation would actually free space" [Undecided,New]

 15:32 <mclemenceau> ok

 15:35 <sil2100> mclemenceau: can you run your magic script on this one too?

 15:35 <mclemenceau> sure

 15:35 <mclemenceau> done

 15:35 <sil2100> Should we also look at ff or skip because of release week?

 15:36 <vorlon> if we have time, we might as well look at them; processing the queue doesn't mean we're committed to working on them during release week

 15:37 <sil2100> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ff-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 15:37 <sil2100> True!

 15:37 <sil2100> So skipping those that are already targeted it seems

 15:37 <sil2100> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/apt/+bug/1898729

 15:37 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1898729 in shim (Ubuntu) "shim can end up being removed" [Undecided,New]

 15:37 <vorlon> if they're already targeted the tag should be removed

 15:37 <mclemenceau> this one is already carded

 15:38 <sil2100> This one seems to have a card too!

 15:38 <sil2100> Removing the tags for those

 15:38 <vorlon> ok, targeting the bug then

 15:38 <sil2100> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/subiquity/+bug/1898614 <- ok, this one seems Incomplete still

 15:38 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1898614 in subiquity (Ubuntu) "ubuntu server installer serial console not preserved after update" [Undecided,Incomplete]

 15:39 <sil2100> I guess it requires mwhudson to take a look at the logs now

 15:40 <sil2100> Switched it to 'New'

 15:41 <sil2100> I don't know what our process here is - if we're waiting for Michael to check the logs, should we target it for focal already?

 15:41 <sil2100> Or leave as is before we know more?

 15:41 <vorlon> if we think the bug as described is serious enough to commit to, then we should target it now

 15:42 <vorlon> if the resolution is he looks at the logs and determines there's no action to take, that's fine

 15:42 <sil2100> Targeting then, but mclemenceau will have to card it! :)

 15:42 <mclemenceau> ok then

 15:43 <sil2100> The last one was carded already, just needed targeting

 15:43 <slyon> I removed the tags

 15:43 <sil2100> And Brian was looking at it

 15:43 <sil2100> Ok, I think we're done o/

 15:43 <sil2100> #topic Team proposed-migration report

 15:43 <sil2100> It's almost Final Freeze, but I guess it makes sense to take a look anyway

 15:44 <sil2100> vorlon: o/

 15:44 <vorlon> [LINK] https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs

 15:44 * juliank hides

 15:44 <vorlon> only MIRs to look at

 15:44 <vorlon> rbalint: any updates from your side on these? I see the MIRs are all filed at leat

 15:44 <vorlon> least

 15:45 <vorlon> the gce one is assigned to the security team

 15:45 <rbalint> lintian mirs are assigned to doko, guest-agent to the security team

 15:45 <vorlon> doko: will you have time to review the lintian MIRs, so we can possibly resolve this before release?

 15:45 <vorlon> (otherwise, I have to hack my script for removal of unwanted i386 binaries)

 15:46 <vorlon> (or maybe I don't, removing the binaries from groovy and letting them respawn in hh is fine if it's not going to migrate...)

 15:47 <xnox> and zlib is mine

 15:47 <xnox> juliank:  you don't want to take aptdaemon?

 15:47 <doko> vorlon: yes, doing the pi one today, the others tomorrow

 15:47 <vorlon> doko: thanks

 15:47 <juliank> xnox: I did retry aptdaemon just now

 15:47 <vorlon> xnox, juliank: I already retried the aptdaemon failure

 15:47 <vorlon> heh

 15:48 <juliank> or we badtest armhf as it's like 50% flaky

 15:49 <juliank> i think i just retried a second time by clicking wrong link in history

 15:50 <vorlon> anyway, that's all for proposed-migration

 15:50 <vorlon> sil2100:

 15:52 <sil2100> o/

 15:52 <sil2100> So the assigned FTBFS issues seem to have been resolved

 15:52 <sil2100> #topic AOB

 15:53 <sil2100> I'm half-off tomorrow, and starting Monday we're on the usual virtual release sprint thingy

 15:53 <vorlon> "resolved" - https://people.canonical.com/~doko/ftbfs-report/test-rebuild-20200925-groovy-groovy.html#foundations-bugs still shows 5 failures?

 15:53 <rbalint> i'll be out on Monday, and next Friday

 15:53 <vorlon> is the report just not updated?

 15:54 <doko> vorlon: the creation date is on the top

 15:54 <sil2100> Oh, I only checked the jira card

 15:54 <sil2100> And all the ones that were there were fixed, hm, but maybe not all got carded?

 15:54 <vorlon> so the report is reasonably current and the "done" status is a lie :)

 15:54 <sil2100> Ah!

 15:54 <slyon> klibc is fixed, but needs sponsoring (probably in hh): https://paste.ubuntu.com/p/TCS9csM656/

 15:55 <sil2100> Sorry

 15:55 <sil2100> I mis-read jira!

 15:55 <sil2100> Since the tasks are 'striked through' so I thought they're done

 15:55 <sil2100> So yeah, numpy in progress - waveform I guess that was yours?

 15:55 <vorlon> slyon: we wouldn't want to fix this is groovy via an upstream merge; any chance of a cherry-pick fix?  Because we do want packages buildable in release

 15:55 <waveform> yup, nearly there with the numpy one - final fix looks like it's worked - I'm just confirming the output

 15:56 <sil2100> waveform: give us a poke if you need sponsoring o/

 15:56 <waveform> will do

 15:56 <xnox> slyon: yeah, i'm not confident to merge new klibc

 15:57 <slyon> vorlon: yeah. I can look into finding a smaller fix

 15:57 <vorlon> slyon: thanks

 15:59 <sil2100> What about python-apt? I see waveform mentioned you to review something?

 15:59 <sil2100> By 'you' I meant juliank

 16:00 <juliank> I just released python-apt 2.1.4 with waveform's changes

 16:00 <rbalint> fixing strace would have been too intrusive, so i'm uploading 5.9 for a 0-day sru (like for focal :-\ but now we'd be running ahead of Debian)

 16:00 <juliank> they've been in groovy for a while already

 16:01 <sil2100> rbalint: no minimal change to get it fixed I guess?

 16:01 <sil2100> Ok, so I guess it's all under control at least

 16:01 <sil2100> Now we should be 'done' with the FTBFS

 16:01 <sil2100> ;)

 16:01 <sil2100> Anything else?

 16:02 <sil2100> Going once!

 16:02 <sil2100> Going twice!

 16:02 <sil2100> ...

 16:02 <rbalint> sil2100, no small fix for strace that would make sense

 16:02 <sil2100> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)