== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team, 06 Feb at 16:02 &mdash; 16:41 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2020/ubuntu-meeting.2020-02-06-16.02.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning rounds ===
The discussion about "Lightning rounds" started at 16:03.


=== Release incoming bugs ===
The discussion about "Release incoming bugs" started at 16:11.

  * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ff-incoming-bug-tasks.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ee-incoming-bug-tasks.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-bb-incoming-bug-tasks.html 
  * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/bugs/+bugs?field.tag=champagne 

=== Team proposed-migration report ===
The discussion about "Team proposed-migration report" started at 16:23.

  * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/focal/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs 
  * ''LINK:'' https://launchpad.net/bugs/1861268 

=== AOB ===
The discussion about "AOB" started at 16:39.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * bdmurray (56)
 * vorlon (51)
 * xnox (26)
 * ubottu (20)
 * juliank (18)
 * waveform (10)
 * rbalint (9)
 * tdaitx (9)
 * meetingology (3)
 * sil2100 (2)



== Full Log ==


 16:02 <bdmurray> #startmeeting Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team

 16:02 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Feb  6 16:02:58 2020 UTC.  The chair is bdmurray. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:02 <meetingology> 

 16:02 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 16:03 <bdmurray> #topic Lightning rounds

 16:03 <bdmurray> echo $(shuf -e vorlon bdmurray xnox tdaitx doko sil2100 rbalint infinity mwhudson juliank waveform)

 16:03 <juliank> o/

 16:03 <bdmurray> rbalint doko juliank tdaitx infinity bdmurray vorlon mwhudson waveform sil2100 xnox

 16:03 <juliank> yes, not so late this time

 16:03 <bdmurray> balint may be at the doctor

 16:04 <bdmurray> doko:

 16:04 <bdmurray> juliank:

 16:04 <juliank> * fosdem travel on Fri/Mon, bad connectivity, hence not much going on:

 16:04 <juliank> - python 3.8 fix for update-manager

 16:04 <juliank> - apt: finished cleaning up the short-patterns branch and released 1.9.9

 16:04 <juliank> * ubuntu-release-upgrader: Do not attempt to upgrade if the cache has broken packages after having calculated the upgrade (LP: #1861756)

 16:04 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1861756 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu) "upgrade from 18.04 to 20.04 issues due to colord / libsane issue" [Undecided,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1861756

 16:04 <juliank> - and some followup helping two people get their systems back working

 16:04 <juliank> * shim: copied new shim too early, without properly following the TestPlan, as it was linked to at the end of the wiki page :/; so block-proposed it (LP: #1862171)

 16:04 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1862171 in shim-signed (Ubuntu) "Perform TestPlan" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1862171

 16:04 <juliank> * valgrind: cherry-picked fix  s390x: Support "compare and signal" instructions (LP: #1862183) - 2 hours after upstream committed it! blocked apt ...

 16:04 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1862183 in valgrind (Ubuntu) "IR: unimplemented insn: B348 0010 on s390x in apt" [Undecided,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1862183

 16:04 <juliank> * investigated partman-auto failure reported for 18.04.4

 16:04 <juliank> (done)

 16:05 <bdmurray> tdaitx:

 16:05 <tdaitx> * openjdk-8 & openjdk-11

 16:05 <tdaitx> - testing i386 fix by vorlon (LP: #1861467) + hs_err log collection on bileto

 16:05 <tdaitx> * looking at bileto & autopkgtest to implement clearing up swift data on ticket clean up

 16:05 <tdaitx> * revisited LP: #1838740 and LP: #1764701 after upstream discussion

 16:05 <tdaitx> * looked over jakarta ee opensource tck, which is not the same as java se tck

 16:05 <tdaitx> Other:

 16:05 <tdaitx> - remote signing is way more finicky than I remembered

 16:05 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1861467 in openjdk-lts (Ubuntu) "make autopkgtests cross-test-friendly" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1861467

 16:05 <tdaitx> (done)

 16:05 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1838740 in openjdk-lts (Ubuntu Focal) "libjawt.so inconsistency lets JVM crash" [Undecided,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1838740

 16:05 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1764701 in gcc-7 (Ubuntu) "produces broken binary: Inconsistency detected by ld.so [regression gcc-7 7.3.0-15ubuntu2 => 7.3.0-16ubuntu2]" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1764701

 16:06 <bdmurray> infinity is not here

 16:06 <bdmurray> me!

 16:06 <bdmurray> uploaded ubuntu-dbgsym-keyring to daisy-seeds PPA

 16:06 <bdmurray> updated retracer-dependencies to depend on ubuntu-dbgsym-keyring

 16:06 <bdmurray> modified apport to use AllowUnauthenticated when downloading pkgs from LP

 16:06 <bdmurray> updated errors code for Ubuntu 19.04 End of Life

 16:06 <bdmurray> updated / tested apport, errors code in staging & production

 16:06 <bdmurray> modified oopsrepository to resolve a Traceback (LP: #1860019)

 16:06 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1860019 in Daisy "Traceback with Kali in release name" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1860019

 16:07 <bdmurray> updated / tested oopsrepository in staging

 16:07 <bdmurray> 18.04.4 testing

 16:07 <bdmurray> added raspberry pi test cases to the iso tracker

 16:07 <bdmurray> reviewed / merged paride's degraded raid manual test case

 16:07 <bdmurray> âœ” done

 16:07 <bdmurray> vorlon:

 16:08 <vorlon> bdmurray: skip come back?

 16:08 <bdmurray> waveform:

 16:08 <waveform> * Bionic .4 testing and work:

 16:08 <waveform> * Finally got core18 booting (missing gpio-regulator module in the initrd)

 16:08 <waveform> * \o\ /o/ \o/ (alright, I'll stop dancing)

 16:08 <waveform> * ... and then found ethernet doesn't survive a reboot on the 4 (also appears to be missing genet module in the initrd, plus some phy bits)

 16:08 <waveform> * Investigated/worked-around core18 memory issues on 3A+ (vc4-fkms-v3d overlay again)

 16:08 <waveform> * Fixed flash-kernel failing on upgrade with kernel (LP: #1861292)

 16:08 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1861292 in flash-kernel (Ubuntu Bionic) "flash-kernel failure during kernel upgrade" [Critical,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1861292

 16:08 <waveform> * Investigated another flash-kernel report (inc. LP: #1862148); appears to be "already fixed" but needs removing from container images

 16:08 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1862148 in flash-kernel (Ubuntu Focal) "flash-kernel fails to install in a chroot" [Undecided,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1862148

 16:08 <waveform> * Removing conflicted Pi4 wifi bits from linux-firmware-raspi2

 16:08 <waveform> (done)

 16:09 <sil2100> * 18.04.4

 16:09 <sil2100> (done)

 16:09 <bdmurray> sil2100:

 16:09 <bdmurray> xnox:

 16:09 <xnox> Fosdem was fun, will send a polished trip report tomorrow

 16:09 <xnox> Fixing initramfs-tools / ubuntu-core-initramfs for the libgcc_s1.so movement

 16:09 <xnox> Fixing ubuntu-core-initramfs for repackaging

 16:09 <xnox> Playing with encryption on UC20

 16:09 <xnox> Boost1.71 transition in progress, 65% done https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/transitions/html/boost1.71.html

 16:09 <xnox> Opencryptoki update LP: #1854148, LP: #1852089, LP: #1850294

 16:09 <ubottu> Error: Could not gather data from Launchpad for bug #1854148 (https://launchpad.net/bugs/1854148). The error has been logged

 16:09 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1852089 in Ubuntu on IBM z Systems "[20.04] Fix failure of EP11 to import an ECC public key" [Medium,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1852089

 16:09 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1850294 in Ubuntu on IBM z Systems "ICA HW token missing after the package update" [Medium,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1850294

 16:10 <bdmurray> vorlon:

 16:10 <xnox> done

 16:10 <vorlon> * short week, out last Friday

 16:10 <vorlon> * reviewing the work for UC20

 16:10 <vorlon> * shepherded the libffi transition

 16:10 <vorlon> * 18.04.4 misc

 16:10 <vorlon> * got us a new signed shim from Microsoft!

 16:10 <vorlon> (done)

 16:10 <bdmurray> rbalint:

 16:10 <rbalint> * uploads via Debian: unattended-upgrades 1.17, kodi 18.5 (experimental, NEW)

 16:10 <rbalint> * proposed fix for LP: #1607845

 16:10 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1607845 in apt (Ubuntu) "List of versioned kernels is not right for Ubuntu" [Low,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1607845

 16:10 <rbalint> * sru verifications: pam

 16:10 <rbalint> * partner work

 16:11 <rbalint> * being out sick :-(

 16:11 <rbalint> (done, short week)

 16:11 <bdmurray> #topic Release incoming bugs

 16:11 <bdmurray> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ff-incoming-bug-tasks.html

 16:12 <bdmurray> bug 1861873 should be fixed I just haven't verified it yet

 16:12 <ubottu> bug 1861873 in apport (Ubuntu) "apport-collect fails to run with python3.8" [High,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1861873

 16:12 <bdmurray> bug 1861512 I reported and we talked about

 16:12 <ubottu> bug 1861512 in casper (Ubuntu) "read/write partition has a strange name" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1861512

 16:12 <xnox> i nominate mwhudson

 16:13 <bdmurray> let's target and card that

 16:13 <xnox> i think we need to create a new name and start using it; and keep old one as supported fallback

 16:13 <xnox> (there are tools in the wild that create stuff for it to be used)

 16:13 <bdmurray> that sounds like something to discuss in the bug

 16:13 <bdmurray> bug 1861451

 16:13 <ubottu> bug 1861451 in apport (Ubuntu) "apport's cloud-init-specific handling tracebacks on minimal cloud images" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1861451

 16:14 <bdmurray> That looks worth carding / taking

 16:15 <bdmurray> bug 1861446 I think is actually a kernel issue but I've subscribed to the bug so punting that

 16:15 <ubottu> bug 1861446 in linux (Ubuntu) "on focal 'ubuntu-bug linux' doesn't automatically collect kernel artifacts" [Undecided,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1861446

 16:15 <bdmurray> bug 1861472

 16:15 <ubottu> bug 1861472 in openssh (Ubuntu) "upgrade from fresh bionic to focal needlessly prompts user" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1861472

 16:16 <xnox> is the ubuntu-bug linux => because of rename to linux-5.4?

 16:16 <xnox> also shouldn't ubuntu-bug linux work on _any_ active kernel flavour? be that oem / aws / blah / blah /blah

 16:16 <bdmurray> I'll follow up with the server team to see if they are taking the openssh bug

 16:19 <bdmurray> xnox: ah it could be missing symlinks then

 16:19 <bdmurray> xnox: I'll dig into it

 16:19 <xnox> tah

 16:19 <bdmurray> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ee-incoming-bug-tasks.html

 16:19 <bdmurray> nothing new there

 16:20 <bdmurray> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-bb-incoming-bug-tasks.html

 16:21 <bdmurray> xnox: there are some more updates in bug 1856560

 16:21 <ubottu> bug 1856560 in util-linux (Ubuntu) "ds-identify - stuck in uninterruptible sleep state" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1856560

 16:22 <xnox> https://bugs.launchpad.net/bugs/+bugs?field.tag=champagne

 16:23 <bdmurray> alright that's enough bugs

 16:23 <bdmurray> #topic Team proposed-migration report

 16:23 <bdmurray> vorlon:

 16:24 <vorlon> [LINK] https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/focal/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs

 16:24 <vorlon> juliank: last week you said unattended-upgrades was blocked on apt, what's the status?

 16:24 <juliank> vorlon: New apt is uploaded

 16:25 <rbalint> vorlon, it is about to be fixed

 16:25 <vorlon> juliank: ok, so that will just need a test retry shortly?

 16:25 <juliank> valgrind regressed a bit, which I fixed so new apt can migrate

 16:25 <juliank> yes

 16:25 <vorlon> ok

 16:25 <vorlon> libcap-ng is part of python3-defaults

 16:25 <vorlon> python3-defaults could use more hands

 16:25 <vorlon> most of the remaining autopkgtest failures are upstream regressions with python3.8

 16:26 <vorlon> so we need to fix or remove

 16:26 <vorlon> any volunteers?

 16:26 <bdmurray> fix or remove the package?

 16:26 <vorlon> yes

 16:26 <vorlon> I think we have agreement to handle the tryton stuff via "remove" but it's a big pile of packages and I haven't started yet

 16:26 <xnox> i'm kind of still grinding through boost1.71 after which i will grind through icu

 16:26 <vorlon> but the others need looking at

 16:26 <xnox> then can help on python38

 16:27 <rbalint> i will help too

 16:27 <xnox> doko said he didn't mind doing boost/icu before python38 is done

 16:27 <vorlon> xnox: python3-defaults was here first, and is also blocking glibc

 16:27 <xnox> ok

 16:27 <xnox> vorlon:  well IBM wants both glibc and boost, and don't care about python

 16:27 <xnox> horum

 16:27 <vorlon> oh lovely, new autopkgtest failures for gcc-10 on python3-defaults ;P

 16:28 <vorlon> so it sounds like xnox will help with these failures, anyone else have capacity?

 16:28 <rbalint> xnox starts with top, i start from the bottom ?

 16:28 <bdmurray> I will for icecream

 16:28 <vorlon> rbalint: thanks :)

 16:29 <vorlon> so, libplist and talloc are also python3-defaults

 16:29 <vorlon> python-secretstorage is blocked on an MIR

 16:29 <vorlon> aptdaemon vs python-apt; juliank?

 16:29 <juliank> gotta look into this

 16:30 <vorlon> juliank: does that mean you are taking it?

 16:30 <juliank> No fixed that

 16:30 <juliank> Need to retry python-apt now

 16:30 <juliank> But yes

 16:30 <vorlon> ok

 16:30 <xnox> commas would help there =)

 16:30 <vorlon> libyaml-libyaml-perl and libyaml-perl look like a pair

 16:31 <bdmurray> the python-secretstorage MIR has been filed though?

 16:31 <vorlon> I'll go ahead and take those

 16:31 <vorlon> bdmurray: yes

 16:31 <bdmurray> is it in the security team's secretqueue?

 16:31 <vorlon> don't know

 16:31 <bdmurray> I'll look

 16:31 <waveform> vorlon, I should probably take a look at python-h2 (seems arm specific?)

 16:31 <vorlon> waveform: cheers

 16:32 <vorlon> boost1.71: xnox: you have this one?

 16:32 <xnox> vorlon:  yes

 16:32 <xnox> mclemenceau:  please get python-secretstorage MIR onto security team review queue

 16:32 <xnox> https://launchpad.net/bugs/1861268

 16:32 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1861268 in jeepney (Ubuntu) "[MIR] jeepney" [Undecided,New]

 16:33 <vorlon> btrf-progs is python

 16:33 <vorlon> who wants to take git?

 16:34 <vorlon> autopkgtest regressions of revdeps

 16:34 <vorlon> tdaitx: ^^ can you take?

 16:35 <vorlon> (I'll assume yes)

 16:35 <tdaitx> vorlon: yeah

 16:35 <vorlon> python-werkzeug has an arm64 regression

 16:35 <xnox> mwhudson:  ^

 16:35 <xnox> your welcome =)

 16:36 <vorlon> that may be a regression in release, I'll follow it up

 16:36 <vorlon> gmp looks interesting, let's give mwhudson that one

 16:36 <vorlon> ;)

 16:36 <vorlon> licensecheck has new perl deps, let's give that to infinity

 16:37 <vorlon> lsof, I'll take

 16:37 <vorlon> python3.7 blocking sqlite3, likely just a re-test, I'll take

 16:37 <vorlon> subversion/s390x blocking sqlite3, xnox can have

 16:38 <vorlon> cdebconf was my merge, I'll follow through

 16:38 <vorlon> ditto libuv1

 16:38 <vorlon> and cmake is xnox's

 16:38 <vorlon> and that's the list

 16:39 <bdmurray> #topic AOB

 16:40 <bdmurray> Any holidays or anything going on?

 16:41 <bdmurray> alright thanks everybody

 16:41 <bdmurray> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)