== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status, 26 May at 14:31 &mdash; 14:45 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2020/ubuntu-meeting.2020-05-26-14.31.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Review of previous action items ===
The discussion about "Review of previous action items" started at 14:31.


=== current component mismatches ===
The discussion about "current component mismatches" started at 14:32.

  * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg 
  * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg 
  * ''LINK:'' https://launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/libfile-desktopentry-perl into ... a lot

=== New MIRs ===
The discussion about "New MIRs" started at 14:40.

  * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=NEW&assignee_option=none&field.assignee=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir 

=== Incomplete bugs / questions ===
The discussion about "Incomplete bugs / questions" started at 14:43.

  * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir 

=== Any other business? ===
The discussion about "Any other business?" started at 14:44.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * cpaelzer (60)
 * sarnold (8)
 * jamespage (7)
 * didrocks (6)
 * ubottu (3)
 * meetingology (3)
 * ddstreet (1)



== Full Log ==


 14:31 <cpaelzer> #startmeeting Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status

 14:31 <sarnold> good morning

 14:31 <meetingology> Meeting started Tue May 26 14:31:49 2020 UTC.  The chair is cpaelzer. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 14:31 <meetingology> 

 14:31 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 14:31 <cpaelzer> #topic Review of previous action items

 14:32 <cpaelzer> no open actions left

 14:32 <cpaelzer> #topic current component mismatches

 14:32 <cpaelzer> this will be intereting this week :-)

 14:32 <cpaelzer> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg

 14:32 <cpaelzer> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg

 14:32 <cpaelzer> many things were mentioned before

 14:32 <didrocks> FYI, I will take care of appstream

 14:32 <cpaelzer> so we don't need to talk about maas or apport

 14:32 <cpaelzer> thanks for appstream didrocks

 14:33 <cpaelzer> heat is on jamespage and he is aware (last week)

 14:33 <cpaelzer> two entries are new

 14:33 <cpaelzer> kazoo -> some pytohn libs

 14:33 <cpaelzer> does anyone know wht we have kazoo for?

 14:33 * jamespage sighs

 14:33 <jamespage> guess

 14:34 <cpaelzer> so it is part of your (ka)zoo of packages jamespage

 14:34 <cpaelzer> can we leave it to you unless you call out ot us then?

 14:34 <jamespage> yah

 14:35 <cpaelzer> ok, now the more awkward case

 14:35 <cpaelzer> https://launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/libfile-desktopentry-perl into ... a lot

 14:35 <cpaelzer> I was pinging on #ubuntu-devel a few minutes ago if this is known with the people on +1 duty

 14:35 <sarnold> wow

 14:35 <cpaelzer> but at least paride didn't hear anything

 14:37 <sarnold> here's the diff from focal https://launchpadlibrarian.net/480983756/libfile-desktopentry-perl_0.22-1_0.22-2.diff.gz -- I can'

 14:37 <cpaelzer> I was checking dependencies Focal vs Groovy

 14:37 <sarnold> can't spot anything that looks related either..

 14:37 <cpaelzer> Recommends: x-terminal-emulator

 14:37 <cpaelzer> that is new

 14:38 <cpaelzer> is that a provides that randomly pulls in any of the providers?

 14:38 <cpaelzer> yep

 14:38 <cpaelzer> I'd assume we have gnome-terminal in main didrocks right?

 14:38 <didrocks> of course :)

 14:39 <cpaelzer> so this is a case where I think I need to touch the tools rendering this report

 14:39 <sarnold> similar to the apport -> terminator thing?

 14:39 <cpaelzer> it is as apport->terminator

 14:39 <cpaelzer> yeah

 14:39 <cpaelzer> let me take this as an action

 14:39 <didrocks> yeah, alternatives and provides are complex between apt and livecd-rootfs build

 14:40 <cpaelzer> ok, I've taken a note

 14:40 <cpaelzer> no promise it will work, but I'll have taken a look by next week

 14:40 <cpaelzer> #topic New MIRs

 14:40 <sarnold> :)

 14:40 <cpaelzer> this contains only one which is the one to complete jamespage trio of todos toda

 14:41 <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=NEW&assignee_option=none&field.assignee=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 14:41 <cpaelzer> the one is https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/jeepney/+bug/1861268

 14:41 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1861268 in jeepney (Ubuntu) "[MIR] jeepney" [Undecided,New]

 14:41 <cpaelzer> jamespage: you did the review and then you postponed it until >20.04

 14:41 <cpaelzer> I think this is ready now and in the past you said it needs security

 14:41 <cpaelzer> so if you could give it a quick look and if that is correct assign the security team for a review?

 14:42 <cpaelzer> that probably is a 1 min task for you jamespage and then a new trello card in the queue for sarnold

 14:43 <cpaelzer> ok to leaver that with you jamespage?

 14:43 <cpaelzer> s/leaver/leave/

 14:43 <jamespage> yep - I can re-visit as I think we agreed todo this this cycle

 14:43 <cpaelzer> ok, bug assigned to you

 14:43 <jamespage> ta

 14:43 <cpaelzer> #topic Incomplete bugs / questions

 14:43 <sarnold> another bug currently in Incomplete but perhaps raising at the moment is https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/openscap/+bug/1877696

 14:43 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1877696 in openscap (Ubuntu) "[MIR] openscap" [Undecided,Incomplete]

 14:43 <jamespage> kazoo - https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/python-tooz/+bug/1880705

 14:43 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1880705 in python-tooz (Ubuntu) "Make depends on python3-kazoo -> Suggests" [Undecided,New]

 14:43 <jamespage> btw

 14:43 <cpaelzer> there was only one update where doko pinged on a bug

 14:43 <cpaelzer> nothing to discuss here

 14:43 <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 14:43 <cpaelzer> therefore we can go on to

 14:44 <cpaelzer> #topic Any other business?

 14:44 <didrocks> nothing for me

 14:44 <cpaelzer> ok we got fast and efficient - <15 min despite having content in most categories

 14:44 <cpaelzer> anything from anyone that needs to be discussed here?

 14:44 <cpaelzer> ok then we will stop (some new and interesting counting methods) at 300

 14:45 <cpaelzer> 0.03

 14:45 <cpaelzer> 0.3

 14:45 <cpaelzer> 3

 14:45 <cpaelzer> 30

 14:45 <cpaelzer> 300

 14:45 <didrocks> :)

 14:45 <cpaelzer> ok we are good, thanks everyone

 14:45 <sarnold> :) thanks!

 14:45 <cpaelzer> see you next week

 14:45 <ddstreet> o/

 14:45 <didrocks> thanks!

 14:45 <cpaelzer> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)