== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status, 28 Jul at 14:30 &mdash; 14:54 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2020/ubuntu-meeting.2020-07-28-14.30.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Review of previous action items ===
The discussion about "Review of previous action items" started at 14:33.


=== current component mismatches ===
The discussion about "current component mismatches" started at 14:35.

  * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg 
  * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg 

=== New MIRs ===
The discussion about "New MIRs" started at 14:50.

  * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=NEW&assignee_option=none&field.assignee=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir 

=== Incomplete bugs / questions ===
The discussion about "Incomplete bugs / questions" started at 14:50.

  * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir 

=== Any other business? ===
The discussion about "Any other business?" started at 14:51.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * cpaelzer_ (67)
 * didrocks (11)
 * sarnold (6)
 * jamespage (4)
 * ubottu (3)
 * meetingology (3)
 * waveform (2)
 * doko (1)
 * ddstreet (1)



== Full Log ==


 14:30 <cpaelzer_> #startmeeting Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status

 14:30 <meetingology> Meeting started Tue Jul 28 14:30:59 2020 UTC.  The chair is cpaelzer_. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 14:30 <meetingology> 

 14:30 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 14:31 <cpaelzer_> jamespage: didrocks: ddstreet: doko: jamespage: sarnold: ping for MIR Meeting

 14:31 <cpaelzer_> who'd be around today?

 14:31 <ddstreet> o/

 14:31 <jamespage> o/

 14:31 <jamespage> hello

 14:32 <sarnold> good morning

 14:32 <cpaelzer_> ok glad we have a few around - let us start

 14:33 <cpaelzer_> I already know we later need an AA, so an extra ping for doko :-)

 14:33 <cpaelzer_> #topic Review of previous action items

 14:33 <cpaelzer_> Well I was out and have no action open from my PTO :-)

 14:33 <cpaelzer_> was there anything assigned last week here?

 14:34 <cpaelzer_> no actions or everone fell asleep?

 14:34 <sarnold> hmm, I think jamespage was going to try to amend a packge to reduce the size of the svgs

 14:34 <sarnold> but I indeed didn't assign actions..

 14:35 <cpaelzer_> ah ok, yeah he had a few things showing up in proposed on his list over the last few weeks

 14:35 <cpaelzer_> let us go on then

 14:35 <jamespage> I picked up all of the octavia-* reviews

 14:35 <jamespage> mosttly done one left

 14:35 <cpaelzer_> thanks jamespage

 14:35 <cpaelzer_> #topic current component mismatches

 14:35 <cpaelzer_> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg

 14:35 <didrocks> (hey, sorry for being late)

 14:35 <cpaelzer_> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg

 14:35 <cpaelzer_> hi didrocks

 14:35 <cpaelzer_> octavia jamespage mentioned already

 14:36 <cpaelzer_> addcli/realmd are actually ready for promotion - not sure why it is listed in red

 14:36 <cpaelzer_> doko: if you are around the seed change happened and adcli / realmd could be promoted

 14:36 <cpaelzer_> next we have odd things around the kernel (no problem)

 14:36 <didrocks> I can do it otherwise (source + all binaries?)

 14:36 <cpaelzer_> oh

 14:36 <cpaelzer_> didrocks: check out https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/realmd/+bug/1868154 https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/adcli/+bug/1868159

 14:37 <cpaelzer_> IIRC all source + bin

 14:37 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1868154 in realmd (Ubuntu) "[MIR] realmd" [Medium,In progress]

 14:37 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1868159 in adcli (Ubuntu) "[MIR] adcli" [Medium,In progress]

 14:37 <didrocks> thx! Will do after the meeting

 14:37 <cpaelzer_> thank you

 14:37 <cpaelzer_> I've forgotten you had AA powers

 14:37 <didrocks> nw!

 14:37 <cpaelzer_> we continue to ignore the maas seed

 14:37 <cpaelzer_> masakari is with jamespage as well

 14:38 <cpaelzer_> the first one new (to me) is khronos-opencl-clhpp

 14:38 <cpaelzer_> it seems that was in main in the past, but isn't in any active release

 14:38 <sarnold> I don't recall seeing tlp on the list earlier -- is that intentional? it's direct in a seed, right?

 14:39 <cpaelzer_> I haven't seen that either

 14:39 <cpaelzer_> the tlb source of the dependency is "supported-hardware-desktop" seed - didrocks do you know?

 14:40 <didrocks> I can investigate, I didn’t hear anything explicitely about it

 14:40 <didrocks> either keeping and MIR or drop it from the seed

 14:40 <cpaelzer_> ok

 14:40 <cpaelzer_> the khronos thing is from https://launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/ocl-icd/2.2.11-1ubuntu1

 14:41 <sarnold> I've gained an 'iffy' feeling about tlp -- I've seen a lot of bug reports that mention tlp, I've gained a feeling it might be more trouble than it is worth

 14:41 <cpaelzer_> actually

 14:41 <cpaelzer_> 2.2.12-4        | groovy-proposed

 14:41 <didrocks> sarnold: that was my memory about this project as well

 14:42 <cpaelzer_> ocl-icd which needs khronos-opencl-clhpp seems to be some OpenCL stuff

 14:42 <cpaelzer_> I wasn't aware this is supported - is that part of the toolchain

 14:42 <cpaelzer_> doko ? ^^

 14:43 <cpaelzer_> I think we really need doko for this one unless one of you has more background

 14:43 <cpaelzer_> the nex one would be "logilab-common" depending on some python libs

 14:44 <cpaelzer_> in main since forever it seems

 14:46 <cpaelzer_> this is in pain for pylint it seems and foundations is subscribed - I'd suggest doko takes a look once he is available again

 14:47 <cpaelzer_> xnox: vorlon: ^^ highlight for "logilab-common -> python-typin-extensions + python-mypy-extensions" and "ocl-icd -> khronos-opencl-clhpp" just in case doko isn't available for longer and you'd have extra input on these showing up as component mismatches

 14:47 <cpaelzer_> waveform: libubootenv is still waiting on your input, so please feel pinged :-)

 14:48 <cpaelzer_> didrocks: actually, I think freetype -> fonts-material-design-icons-iconfont falls under https://wiki.ubuntu.com/MainInclusionProcess?action=show&redirect=MIRTeam#Font_Packages

 14:48 <cpaelzer_> didrocks: would you mind to take a look afterwards and promote if that is true?

 14:48 <waveform> cpaelzer_, pong! I did forward that patch upstream - will see if I can find out what happened to it

 14:48 <cpaelzer_> waveform: can you update the bug so everyone is aware please ?

 14:49 <cpaelzer_> is everone ok with component mismatches for today then?

 14:49 <didrocks> cpaelzer_: will do

 14:49 <waveform> cpaelzer_, will do

 14:49 <cpaelzer_> thanks didrocks

 14:49 <doko> cpaelzer_: it's on foundations list, although not on mine

 14:49 <cpaelzer_> well that is enough to know it is not just dangling in mismatches

 14:49 <cpaelzer_> and o/ doko

 14:49 <cpaelzer_> going on to the next section then

 14:50 <cpaelzer_> #topic New MIRs

 14:50 <cpaelzer_> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=NEW&assignee_option=none&field.assignee=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 14:50 <cpaelzer_> there are a whopping 24 bugs, but all are part of the special oem-* process we defined a while ago

 14:50 <cpaelzer_> none for us to review

 14:50 <cpaelzer_> #topic Incomplete bugs / questions

 14:50 <cpaelzer_> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 14:51 <cpaelzer_> one activity which was a bug prep by me that is held back until I've had a chance to clarify if we want to own jq and libonig

 14:51 <cpaelzer_> that is for mdevctl

 14:51 <cpaelzer_> I think we are good on those lists

 14:51 <sarnold> oh man please not yet another regex library ..

 14:51 <cpaelzer_> #topic Any other business?

 14:52 <didrocks> FTR, tpl is pending the oem team: https://bugs.launchpad.net/oem-priority/+bug/1888656

 14:52 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1888656 in tlp (Ubuntu) "[MIR] tlp" [Undecided,Confirmed]

 14:52 <didrocks> but the MIR is not ready, I’ll still subscribe our team so that it shows up on the report

 14:52 <cpaelzer_> perfect, thanks for finding this

 14:53 <cpaelzer_> any thing else before we close this ?

 14:53 <cpaelzer_> ok then

 14:53 <cpaelzer_> until next week

 14:54 <didrocks> thanks :)

 14:54 <cpaelzer_> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)