#title #ubuntu-meeting Meeting

Meeting started by jdstrand at 18:03:40 UTC.  The full logs are
available at
http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2012/ubuntu-meeting.2012-10-22-18.03.log.html
.



== Meeting summary ==

''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting   (jdstrand, 18:03:56)
 *Announcements

 *Weekly stand-up report

 *Highlighted packages
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/exif.html   (jdstrand, 18:23:16)
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/php-xajax.html   (jdstrand, 18:23:22)
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/geshi.html   (jdstrand, 18:23:32)
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/openvas-server.html   (jdstrand, 18:23:37)
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/pure-ftpd.html   (jdstrand, 18:23:43)

 *Miscellaneous and Questions



Meeting ended at 18:27:01 UTC.



== Votes ==




== Action items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * jdstrand (35)
 * sbeattie (8)
 * sarnold (7)
 * mdeslaur (7)
 * jjohansen (7)
 * micahg (6)
 * tyhicks (6)
 * meetingology (3)



== Full Log ==


 18:03:40 <jdstrand> #startmeeting

 18:03:40 <meetingology> Meeting started Mon Oct 22 18:03:40 2012 UTC.  The chair is jdstrand. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 18:03:40 <meetingology> 

 18:03:40 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 18:03:55 <jdstrand> The meeting agenda can be found at:

 18:03:56 <jdstrand> [LINK] https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting

 18:04:01 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Announcements

 18:04:48 <jdstrand> UDS is next week. Be sure to review the blueprints in LP and subscribe to any you are interested in this week. Don't mark yourself essential unless you actually are :)

 18:05:06 <jdstrand> doing that early in the week would be most helpful

 18:05:25 <jdstrand> Quantal is released and Raring is in pre-freeze

 18:05:38 <jdstrand> ReleaseCycle duties have been performed, so be sure to update your trees, etc for these changes

 18:05:50 <jdstrand> (ReleaseCycle duties for the security team, of course)

 18:06:00 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Weekly stand-up report

 18:06:03 <jdstrand> I'll go first

 18:06:15 <jdstrand> I'm in the happy place this week

 18:06:52 <jdstrand> I did release cycle duties for quantal and raring this morning. it looks like I may have a little bit more on that since a cron job is now a bit noisy

 18:07:03 <jdstrand> I have a secure boot task to do

 18:07:32 <jdstrand> I also have python3.2 and python3.1 I am working on. hopefully both will go out this week

 18:07:40 <mdeslaur> \o/

 18:07:50 <jdstrand> I am also scheduled for some openjdk cross training

 18:07:55 <jdstrand> mdeslaur: you'r eup

 18:08:15 <micahg> isn't that Europe?

 18:08:41 <jdstrand> micahg: ?

 18:08:44 <mdeslaur> hehe

 18:08:45 <jdstrand> oh haha

 18:08:45 <micahg> nevermind :)

 18:08:48 <mdeslaur> I'm on triage this week

 18:08:48 <jdstrand> :)

 18:09:01 <mdeslaur> and am working on testing the mysql updates...hopefully I'll get them out this week

 18:09:11 <mdeslaur> and after that, I'm preparing my travel laptop for uds

 18:09:14 <mdeslaur> and that's it for me

 18:09:17 <mdeslaur> sbeattie: you're up

 18:09:30 * jdstrand has to prepare for UDS as well

 18:09:39 <sbeattie> I'm continuing to look at display manager confinement this week

 18:09:50 <sbeattie> I also need to prep for UDS a bit this week

 18:10:17 <sbeattie> as well as poke at the release cycle stuff (hopefully my debmirror will start working again :/)

 18:11:01 <sbeattie> I'm also on tap for the openjdk cross-training stuff this week

 18:11:18 <sbeattie> (is there a master list of security team related blueprints?)

 18:11:34 <sbeattie> I think that's it for me.

 18:11:47 <jdstrand> sbeattie: mdeslaur emailed it. I have had a hard time finding an easy way to find them in LP

 18:12:07 <jdstrand> I might have to approve them...

 18:12:16 * jdstrand adds that to the list

 18:12:26 <sbeattie> okay, if that's the one from a week or two ago, I went through those, just wanted to make sure I was up on ay newer ones.

 18:12:34 <sarnold> sbeattie: 5076E225.8020302@canonical.com

 18:12:47 <sarnold> ah, too late :) hehe

 18:13:19 <sbeattie> alright, micahg, you're up

 18:14:39 <micahg> I'm working on webkit for oneiric, need to publish webkit for precise, and some other browser related updates

 18:15:06 <micahg> I have a short day Friday and will probably need to do some UDS prep as well

 18:15:53 <micahg> I think that's it for me

 18:16:30 <micahg> tyhicks: tag

 18:16:30 <tyhicks> I'm done updating my machine for the new release cycle, so I can push out the latest batch of ruby updates in a little bit (they're already tested and ready to go)

 18:16:42 <tyhicks> I've got UDS prep to do

 18:17:32 <tyhicks> I want to set up a ppa with the packages needed to poke at the AppArmor DBus prototype in Quantal

 18:18:08 <tyhicks> Then I'll continue working on the patch set (I'll be getting with jjohansen to figure out what are the most important next steps)

 18:18:15 <tyhicks> that's it for me

 18:18:18 <jjohansen> tyhicks: \o/

 18:18:18 <tyhicks> jjohansen: you're up

 18:18:24 <jjohansen> I have yet another version of a fix (this time without violating the kref api) to bug#1056078 to finish testing and push upstream.

 18:18:25 <jjohansen> I have some UDS prep (subscribe to blueprints, ...), and release cycle updates to do

 18:18:37 <jjohansen> I really need to look at Casey's LSM stacking patch in detail so we can get feedback into it, especially any parts that affect the current/next versions of apparmor.

 18:18:37 <jjohansen> I will be poking at my notes on the display manager confinement, and meeting with sbeattie on it this week.

 18:18:37 <jjohansen> I have a little more work to do on getting the env filtering beta up, that I will finish this week and once that done I will be working on getting the stacking beta up.

 18:19:58 <jjohansen> hrmmm, thats it from /me sarnold tag

 18:20:37 <sarnold> I missed shipping qt4-x11 last week :( but on the plus side, my laptop arrived, and I'm busy re-doing all the BuildEnvironment and TestingEnvironment steps on it

 18:20:52 <sarnold> so I won't be reliant on just the one flaky machine :)

 18:21:30 <sarnold> I'm on community this week, but leaving for UDS on thursday (much cheaper by the time I booked my flights), so it may be quite limited

 18:22:19 <sarnold> I'd like to subscribe to uds events, but my merged LP accounts are throwing an error; #is investigating. :)

 18:22:32 <sarnold> I think that's it; jdstrand, back to you

 18:23:09 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Highlighted packages

 18:23:16 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/exif.html

 18:23:22 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/php-xajax.html

 18:23:32 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/geshi.html

 18:23:37 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/openvas-server.html

 18:23:43 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/pure-ftpd.html

 18:24:06 <jdstrand> See https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/UpdateProcedures for details and if you have any questions, feel free to ask in #ubuntu-security. To find out other ways of helping out, please see https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/GettingInvolved.

 18:24:11 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Miscellaneous and Questions

 18:24:18 <jdstrand> Does anyone have any other questions or items to discuss?

 18:26:59 <jdstrand> mdeslaur, sbeattie, micahg, tyhicks, jjohansen, sarnold: thanks!

 18:27:01 <jdstrand> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)