#title #ubuntu-meeting Meeting

Meeting started by jsalisbury at 17:00:13 UTC.  The full logs are
available at
http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2012/ubuntu-meeting.2012-07-10-17.00.log.html
.



== Meeting summary ==

''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/KernelTeam/Meeting   (jsalisbury, 17:00:13)
''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/KernelTeam/ReleaseStatus/Quantal   (jsalisbury, 17:00:14)
 *ARM Status (ppisati)

 *Release Metrics and Incoming Bugs (jsalisbury)
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~kernel/reports/kt-meeting.txt   (jsalisbury, 17:01:33)

 *Milestone Targeted Work Items (ogasawara)
''LINK:'' http://status.ubuntu.com/ubuntu-quantal/canonical-kernel-distro-team-quantal-alpha-3.html   (ogasawara, 17:01:51)

 *Status: Quantal Development Kernel (ogasawara)

 *Status: CVE's (bjf)
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~kernel/cve/pkg/ALL-linux.html   (bjf, 17:03:08)
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~kernel/status/cve-metrics.txt   (bjf, 17:03:10)
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~kernel/cve/pkg/CVE-linux.txt   (bjf, 17:03:11)

 *Status: Stable, Security, and Bugfix Kernel Updates - Precise/Oneiric/Natty/Lucid/Hardy (bjf/herton/henrix)

 *Open Discussion or Questions? Raise your hand to be recognized (o/)



Meeting ended at 17:06:02 UTC.



== Votes ==




== Action items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * jsalisbury (32)
 * ogasawara (28)
 * henrix (15)
 * bjf (9)
 * ppisati (3)
 * meetingology (3)
 * jjohansen (2)
 * sforshee (1)
 * cking (1)
 * herton (1)
 * smb (1)
 * Daviey (1)



== Full Log ==


 17:00:13 <jsalisbury> #startmeeting

 17:00:13 <meetingology> Meeting started Tue Jul 10 17:00:13 2012 UTC.  The chair is jsalisbury. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 17:00:13 <meetingology> 

 17:00:13 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 17:00:13 <jsalisbury> ##

 17:00:13 <jsalisbury> ## This is the Ubuntu Kernel Team weekly status meeting.

 17:00:13 <jsalisbury> ##

 17:00:13 <jsalisbury> [LINK] https://wiki.ubuntu.com/KernelTeam/Meeting

 17:00:14 <jsalisbury> [LINK] https://wiki.ubuntu.com/KernelTeam/ReleaseStatus/Quantal

 17:00:15 <jsalisbury> # Meeting Etiquette

 17:00:20 <jsalisbury> #

 17:00:24 <jsalisbury> # NOTE: '..' indicates that you are finished with your input.

 17:00:26 <jsalisbury> #       'o/' indicates you have something to add (please wait until you are recognized)

 17:00:28 <jsalisbury> Roll Call for Ubuntu Kernel Weekly Status Meeting

 17:00:29 <ppisati> o/

 17:00:31 <herton> o/

 17:00:32 <ogasawara> o/

 17:00:33 <henrix> o/

 17:00:34 <sforshee> o/

 17:00:39 <bjf> _o_

 17:00:44 <cking> o/

 17:00:47 <smb> \o

 17:00:53 <Daviey> o/

 17:01:13 <jsalisbury> [TOPIC] ARM Status (ppisati)

 17:01:15 <ppisati> Q/omap4: rebased on 3.4.4 (Ubuntu-3.4.0-204.9).

 17:01:16 <ppisati> ..

 17:01:32 <jsalisbury> [TOPIC] Release Metrics and Incoming Bugs (jsalisbury)

 17:01:33 <jsalisbury> Release metrics and incoming bug data can be reviewed at the following link:

 17:01:33 <jsalisbury> [LINK] http://people.canonical.com/~kernel/reports/kt-meeting.txt

 17:01:39 <jsalisbury> ..

 17:01:47 <jsalisbury> [TOPIC] Milestone Targeted Work Items (ogasawara)

 17:01:51 <ogasawara> [LINK] http://status.ubuntu.com/ubuntu-quantal/canonical-kernel-distro-team-quantal-alpha-3.html

 17:01:51 <ogasawara> || apw         || hardware-q-kernel-config-review || 1 work item   ||

 17:01:51 <ogasawara> ||             || hardware-q-kernel-delta-review  || 3 work items  ||

 17:01:51 <ogasawara> ||             || hardware-q-kernel-versions-and-flavors || 1 work item ||

 17:01:51 <ogasawara> || cking       || hardware-q-kernel-delta-review  || 1 work items  ||

 17:01:52 <ogasawara> || cooloney    || hardware-q-kernel-config-review || 1 work item   ||

 17:01:54 <ogasawara> || jjohansen   || hardware-q-kernel-config-review || 1 work item   ||

 17:01:56 <ogasawara> || ogasawara   || hardware-q-kernel-config-review || 1 work items  ||

 17:01:58 <ogasawara> || ppisati     || hardware-q-kernel-config-review || 1 work item   ||

 17:02:00 <ogasawara> || tgardner    || hardware-q-kernel-config-review || 2 work items  ||

 17:02:02 <ogasawara> ||             || hardware-q-kernel-delta-review  || 1 work items  ||

 17:02:04 <ogasawara> || kernel-team || hardware-q-kernel-config-review || 3 work items ||

 17:02:06 <ogasawara> ||             || hardware-q-kernel-versions-and-flavors || 2 work items ||

 17:02:10 <ogasawara> If your name is in the above table, please review your Alpha-3 work items.

 17:02:12 <ogasawara> ..

 17:02:26 <jsalisbury> [TOPIC] Status: Quantal Development Kernel (ogasawara)

 17:02:35 <ogasawara> We have recently rebased the Quantal kernel to the latest v3.5-rc6

 17:02:35 <ogasawara> upstream kernel and have uploaded.  This has also been uploaded to the

 17:02:35 <ogasawara> q-lts-backport [1] PPA to help facilitate testing of the 12.10 kernel

 17:02:35 <ogasawara> in 12.04.  We welcome any early adopters to please install, test, and

 17:02:35 <ogasawara> let us know your feedback.

 17:02:36 <ogasawara> [1] https://launchpad.net/~ubuntu-x-swat/+archive/q-lts-backport

 17:02:40 <ogasawara> Important upcoming dates:

 17:02:42 <ogasawara> * Thurs July 26 - Alpha 3 (~2 weeks)

 17:02:44 <ogasawara> ..

 17:02:58 <jsalisbury> [TOPIC] Status: CVE's (bjf)

 17:03:05 <bjf> == 2012-07-10 (weekly) ==

 17:03:06 <bjf> Currently we have 93 CVEs on our radar, with 1 CVE retired this week.

 17:03:07 <bjf> See the CVE matrix for the current list:

 17:03:08 <bjf> [LINK] http://people.canonical.com/~kernel/cve/pkg/ALL-linux.html

 17:03:09 <bjf> Overall the backlog has decreased slightly this week:

 17:03:10 <bjf> [LINK] http://people.canonical.com/~kernel/status/cve-metrics.txt

 17:03:11 <bjf> [LINK] http://people.canonical.com/~kernel/cve/pkg/CVE-linux.txt

 17:03:12 <bjf> ..

 17:03:23 <jsalisbury> [TOPIC] Status: Stable, Security, and Bugfix Kernel Updates - Precise/Oneiric/Natty/Lucid/Hardy (bjf/herton/henrix)

 17:03:30 <henrix> Here is the status for the main kernels, until today (July 10):

 17:03:30 <henrix> * Hardy – 2.6.24-32.103 – Verified, ready for testing; 1 CVE (4 commits)

 17:03:33 <henrix> * Lucid – 2.6.32-41.94 – In verification (2 commits) (2 commits)

 17:03:36 <henrix> * Natty – 2.6.38-15.64 – In verification (2 commits) (2 commits)

 17:03:38 <henrix> * Oneiric – 3.0.0-23.38 – In verification; 3 upstream stable release (approx. 94 commits)

 17:03:41 <henrix> * Precise – 3.2.0-27.43 – In verification; 2 upstream stable release (approx. 183 commits)

 17:03:44 <henrix> Current opened tracking bugs details:

 17:03:47 <henrix> * http://people.canonical.com/~kernel/reports/kernel-sru-workflow.html

 17:03:49 <henrix> For SRUs, SRU report is a good source of information:

 17:03:52 <henrix> * http://people.canonical.com/~kernel/reports/sru-report.html

 17:03:54 <henrix> Future stable cadence cycles:

 17:03:57 <henrix> * https://wiki.ubuntu.com/QuantalQuetzal/ReleaseInterlock

 17:03:59 <henrix> The week of Sept. 6 is the week the last Natty kernel will be built.

 17:04:02 <henrix> ..

 17:04:15 <jsalisbury> [TOPIC] Open Discussion or Questions? Raise your hand to be recognized (o/)

 17:04:16 <jjohansen> gah why is it that pulse audio doesn't play all my beeps?

 17:04:36 <jjohansen> sorry wrong channel

 17:04:44 <jsalisbury> Should we cancel next weeks meeting due to the sprint?

 17:04:46 <jsalisbury> ..

 17:04:49 <ogasawara> jsalisbury: yes

 17:04:52 <ogasawara> ..

 17:04:57 <jsalisbury> ok

 17:04:58 <jsalisbury> ..

 17:05:14 <jsalisbury> Also, I will be on vacation for the July 24th meeting.  Is there someone else that can chair?

 17:05:16 <jsalisbury> ..

 17:05:24 <ogasawara> jsalisbury: I can chair

 17:05:35 <jsalisbury> ogasawara, great, thanks!

 17:05:36 <jsalisbury> ..

 17:05:45 <jsalisbury> Any other open discussions?

 17:06:01 <jsalisbury> Thanks everyone

 17:06:02 <jsalisbury> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)