#title #ubuntu-meeting Meeting

Meeting started by zul at 16:00:34 UTC.  The full logs are available at
http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2012/ubuntu-meeting.2012-05-15-16.00.log.html
.



== Meeting summary ==

  *Review ACTION points from previous meeting  (zul, 16:01:52)
 *Quantal Development
''ACTION:'' jamespage to send out an email to ubuntu-server about the new template  (zul, 16:06:09)
''ACTION:'' daviey update release bugs for quantal  (zul, 16:07:20)
''LINK:'' http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/ubuntu-server/triage-report.html   (jamespage, 16:12:09)
''ACTION:'' zul talk to arosales and jamespage offline about SRU tracker  (zul, 16:12:12)

 *Ubuntu Server Team Events

 *Weekly Updates & Questions for the QA Team (hggdh)

 *Weekly Updates & Questions for the Kernel Team (smb)

 *Weekly Updates & Questions regarding Ubuntu ARM Server (rbasak)

 *Open Discussion



Meeting ended at 16:37:44 UTC.



== Votes ==




== Action items ==

 * jamespage to send out an email to ubuntu-server about the new template
 * daviey update release bugs for quantal
 * zul talk to arosales and jamespage offline about SRU tracker



== Action items, by person ==

 * arosales
 ** zul talk to arosales and jamespage offline about SRU tracker
 * jamespage
 ** jamespage to send out an email to ubuntu-server about the new template
 ** zul talk to arosales and jamespage offline about SRU tracker
 * zul
 ** zul talk to arosales and jamespage offline about SRU tracker



== People present (lines said) ==

 * zul (74)
 * SpamapS (26)
 * s3h (20)
 * jamespage (18)
 * rbasak (17)
 * arosales (14)
 * smb (14)
 * Daviey (10)
 * meetingology (6)
 * m_3 (5)
 * roaksoax (4)
 * smoser (3)
 * ubottu (1)
 * utlemming (1)



== Full Log ==


 16:00:34 <zul> #startmeeting

 16:00:34 <meetingology> Meeting started Tue May 15 16:00:34 2012 UTC.  The chair is zul. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:00:34 <meetingology> 

 16:00:34 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 16:00:58 <zul> so hi, i hope everyone has recovered from uds with their livers mostly intact

 16:01:07 <utlemming> meh

 16:01:09 <Daviey> o/

 16:01:17 <zul> utlemming: i know you havent

 16:01:40 <arosales> hello

 16:01:46 <zul> #stubtopic Review ACTION points from previous meeting

 16:01:52 <zul> #subtopic Review ACTION points from previous meeting

 16:02:14 <jamespage> o/

 16:02:17 <zul> so there isnt an topics from the previous meeting lets get right to it

 16:02:19 <m_3> o/

 16:02:39 <zul> #topic  Quantal Development

 16:02:57 <zul> so last week was uds, and people should be getting their blueprints ready

 16:03:15 <zul> this includes their work items for the blueprints as well

 16:03:29 <jamespage> +1

 16:03:34 <arosales> also note that we'll be trying the new template version

 16:03:39 <jamespage> \o/

 16:03:43 <zul> if you have never written a blueprint before you can ask for help as well

 16:04:03 <jamespage> do we have the bzr/whiteboard integration working yet - maybe smoser or Ursinha` might know?

 16:04:09 <s3h> sigh

 16:04:10 <roaksoax> o/

 16:04:22 <SpamapS> o/

 16:04:29 <smoser> jamespage, Ursinha` and i talked a lot, but did not come to any real conclusion.

 16:05:01 <jamespage> OK - suggest folk try out the template without a versioned whiteboard for the time being - we can swap over later.

 16:05:12 <Daviey> sounds good

 16:05:20 <s3h> where do we find the new template again?

 16:05:27 <zul> jamespage: can you send an email to ubuntu-server with the new template stuff?

 16:05:33 <roaksoax> +1

 16:05:39 <jamespage> zul: ack - please action me for that

 16:06:09 <zul> #action jamespage to send out an email to ubuntu-server about the new template

 16:06:09 * meetingology jamespage to send out an email to ubuntu-server about the new template

 16:06:33 <arosales> also it looks like we may need to update http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/ubuntu-server/release-bugs.html for Quantal

 16:06:40 <Daviey> ^^ action me

 16:06:43 <arosales> or is that just the header text that needs updated from Precise?

 16:06:51 <Daviey> nah, needs a change.

 16:07:20 <zul> #action  daviey update release bugs for quantal

 16:07:20 * meetingology daviey update release bugs for quantal

 16:07:35 <zul> so looking at http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/ubuntu-server/release-bugs.html

 16:08:16 <zul> there is possibly a good one or two SRU bugs that are good candidates for SRU of course they need to be fixed in quantal first

 16:08:36 <Daviey> zul: How functional is the SRU tracker?

 16:08:41 <zul> the one that jumps out at me is #880339

 16:08:49 <Daviey> bug 880339

 16:08:50 <zul> Daviey: havent touched it in a long time

 16:09:32 <zul> it should be ressurected though

 16:09:40 <jamespage> +1

 16:10:17 <zul> does someone want to take that action?

 16:10:41 <zul> if i show them again where everything is and clear out the database and possibly update it for precise

 16:11:16 <arosales> zul: I can give that a try

 16:11:17 <jamespage> zul: give it to me - kinda forms part of my holistic review of triage etc.. anyway

 16:11:33 <zul> oooh...deathmatch

 16:11:41 <zul> i though Ursinha` did something with it

 16:11:44 <roaksoax> jamespage: and now that you mention it, where should we be trackingnew bugs from now on?

 16:11:49 <arosales> zul ping jamespage and I offline

 16:12:08 <arosales> I would be interested in knowing how it works even if jamespage takes the full action

 16:12:09 <jamespage> http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/ubuntu-server/triage-report.html

 16:12:12 <zul> #action zul talk to arosales and jamespage offline about SRU tracker

 16:12:12 * meetingology zul talk to arosales and jamespage offline about SRU tracker

 16:12:26 <jamespage> for the time being at least

 16:12:37 <zul> anything else to bring up?

 16:12:40 <roaksoax> jamespage: thanks

 16:13:23 <zul> jamespage/arosales/Daviey: is there anything im missing

 16:13:39 <arosales> for Quantal I think that is it for now

 16:13:44 <zul> cool beans

 16:13:47 <jamespage> I don't think so - blueprints and then merges!

 16:13:51 <Daviey> zul: how long do we have? :)

 16:14:00 <zul> Daviey: none

 16:14:05 <zul> #topic Ubuntu Server Team Events

 16:14:11 <zul> hah hah!

 16:14:33 <Daviey> no more travel please! :)

 16:14:35 <zul> so summer is coming up, so that means stuff like oscon, velocity, linuxcon, etc, etc etc

 16:14:36 <arosales> gluecon coming up for m_3

 16:14:44 <arosales> 23-24 may

 16:14:56 <s3h> i might go to linuxcon, but waiting to hear on that

 16:15:11 <s3h> (plumber's, really)

 16:15:11 <Daviey> s3h: oh, neat!

 16:15:13 * zul hopes to stay home this summer

 16:15:32 <zul> oh yeah OLS as well

 16:15:33 <SpamapS> Daviey: actually we're going to have a sprint, just you and me, here in LA, for the next 3 weeks.

 16:15:37 <s3h> (waitingn to hear from Daviey that is :)

 16:15:45 <Daviey> SpamapS: sounds awesome.

 16:16:11 <zul> moving on

 16:16:14 <SpamapS> Velocity is coming up

 16:16:15 <SpamapS> wait

 16:16:20 <SpamapS> I think somebody is going to that

 16:16:25 <SpamapS> (sorry I got majorly lagged out there)

 16:16:27 <zul> im guessing m_3

 16:16:39 <arosales> velocity is at the end of june

 16:16:45 <SpamapS> Jorge and Hazmat I think

 16:16:47 <arosales> 27-28 June

 16:16:47 <m_3> no Velocity for me... I'll be out of pocket

 16:17:02 <SpamapS> Oh and LISA talk submission deadline is this week

 16:17:18 <SpamapS> so for all ubuntu server users, make sure you get your "Ubuntu server is awesome" talks submitted! :)

 16:17:21 <SpamapS> that is all

 16:17:28 * smb hopes to go to Plumbers and maybe XenSummit as it is just before that

 16:17:49 <SpamapS> Isn't plumbers in San Diego?

 16:17:50 <zul> mmm....more citrix marketing

 16:17:52 <zul> it is

 16:17:58 * m_3 just hopes Plumbers scheduling is working seamlessly atm :)

 16:18:15 <m_3> yes, san diego... late august I think

 16:18:25 <SpamapS> m_3: talk to the IS guys.. they wrote charms for the schedule boxes too

 16:18:26 <smb> 29-31

 16:18:49 <SpamapS> ok thats enough about events. :)

 16:18:50 <m_3> SpamapS: that's the one on the summit charm.. don't think we're doing anything beyond that

 16:19:03 <zul> #topic Weekly Updates & Questions for the QA Team (hggdh)

 16:19:25 <zul> hi hggdh

 16:19:28 <zul> if you are around

 16:19:40 <zul> lots of good qa sessions at uds as well

 16:20:08 <SpamapS> Yeah QA were the rockstars of uds-q :)

 16:20:32 <zul> i guess he is not here

 16:20:41 <zul> #topic Weekly Updates & Questions for the Kernel Team (smb)

 16:20:43 <zul> hi smb

 16:20:48 <smb> \o

 16:21:01 <smb> Are there Questions ?

 16:21:01 <zul> i didnt attend any kernel sessions at uds

 16:21:15 <smb> As I don't think I have much to report

 16:21:16 <zul> er...what kernel are we using for quantal? ;)

 16:21:30 <smb> 2.6.24

 16:21:33 <smb> :-P

 16:21:51 <zul> how retro

 16:22:00 <zul> any questions for smb?

 16:22:21 <smoser> big news from kernel team was that -virtual may be going away.

 16:22:30 <zul> yay!

 16:22:42 <smb> Right, more of a packaging change

 16:22:57 <zul> replacing it with a regular server kernel?

 16:23:09 <smb> no, that does not exist anymore

 16:23:19 <smb> generic or generic-pae

 16:23:19 <zul> regular generic kernel

 16:23:28 <zul> ah i see

 16:23:40 <smb> And having a split between minimal and additional modules

 16:23:50 <zul> cool

 16:23:59 <zul> anything else for smb?

 16:24:25 <rbasak> As an aside, currently we can get an indication of whether a reporter is using a "desktop" machine via the kernel in bug reports. With this going away, perhaps we should add information to see if X or ubuntu-desktop or something is installed?

 16:25:08 <zul> rbasak: well they can still have a server with ubuntu-desktop installed

 16:25:35 <rbasak> That's the thing - there's no real distinction in technical terms, but pragmatically the information is useful when triaging

 16:26:06 <zul> right totally agree and thats been a problem for a long while

 16:26:31 <SpamapS> rbasak: we get the install media

 16:26:35 <smb> Hm, I may be wrong but potentially the linux-server meta package is still there

 16:26:40 <SpamapS> rbasak: thats a good indication of what they intended at install time

 16:27:13 <smb> Yeah, seems to be true

 16:27:23 <zul> SpamapS: install media can be maas now as well though

 16:27:35 <zul> anyways i dont think its going to be solved as well

 16:27:37 <smb> rbasak, ^

 16:27:41 <zul> er...solved now

 16:27:49 <rbasak> We don't always get the install media, eg bug 999614.

 16:27:50 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 999614 in php5 (Ubuntu) "new SoapClient() with connection_timeout = NULL breaks multi-dimensional arrays" [Undecided,Incomplete] https://launchpad.net/bugs/999614

 16:28:07 <rbasak> That may be a cloud image or something

 16:28:36 <zul> so moving on

 16:28:42 <zul> rbasak: good timing

 16:28:52 <zul> #topic Weekly Updates & Questions regarding Ubuntu ARM Server (rbasak)

 16:28:53 <rbasak> Calxeda demoed MAAS working on their hardware at UDS!

 16:28:54 <rbasak> Work on ARM server and MAAS is ongoing.

 16:28:54 <rbasak> Any questions for me?

 16:29:01 <zul> i want one

 16:29:15 <rbasak> That's not a question :-)

 16:29:30 <zul> please can i have one?

 16:29:38 <rbasak> No.

 16:29:40 <rbasak> :-P

 16:30:01 <rbasak> I don't think any ETA for general marketing availability has been announced yet.

 16:30:08 <rbasak> *market

 16:30:18 * zul sighs

 16:30:50 <zul> #topic Open Discussion

 16:30:57 <zul> anyone want to get something off their chest

 16:31:04 <zul> how was uds for everyone?

 16:31:19 <SpamapS> weird going back and forth for just 2 days

 16:32:07 <arosales> SpamapS: did you collect some good feedback for remote participants?

 16:32:14 <arosales> or was that handled pretty well?

 16:32:37 <SpamapS> I think we should consider google hangouts

 16:32:56 <s3h> we tried one for one talk.   didn't work well

 16:32:58 <SpamapS> I see no reason to put people in a one-way audio bubble

 16:33:05 <jamespage> I was in a couple of meetings where that worked OK

 16:33:09 <SpamapS> s3h: what went wrong?

 16:33:13 <smoser> google hangout swould be a useful addition. especially if integrated with the room.

 16:33:14 <zul> need more bandwith i think

 16:33:15 <s3h> choppy, delay

 16:33:22 <SpamapS> Ah

 16:33:27 <rbasak> I've found G+ to be choppy and delayed as well.

 16:33:29 <SpamapS> Thats surprising

 16:33:36 <rbasak> How about a SIP hardware phone on speakerphone?

 16:33:47 <s3h> that would be aweseome

 16:33:51 <s3h> how about just mumble :)

 16:34:07 <jamespage> SIP hardware phone was avaliable on request

 16:34:15 <s3h> did anyone try it?

 16:34:16 <rbasak> The catch about two-way audio is that it relies on everyone being able to control their mute button

 16:34:18 <SpamapS> well anyway, I find it very hard to "participate" from IRC+delayed audio

 16:34:29 <jamespage> The DMB meeting used one - it worked OK

 16:34:30 <s3h> SpamapS: +1, same here

 16:34:35 <SpamapS> But it did "work" and I felt that I was able to chime in a bit.

 16:34:41 <s3h> the delay makes it unusable if you're goign to be really involved

 16:34:53 <SpamapS> rbasak: thats the catch IRL too ;)

 16:34:54 <s3h> fine for just following along half-heartedly

 16:35:02 <rbasak> The good thing about G+ is that someone managing things can identify who is causing an audio issue and remote mute him.

 16:35:12 <s3h> good conf lines can do that too :)

 16:35:22 <rbasak> The catch is that this needs someone to manage things.

 16:35:31 <zul> asterisk

 16:35:32 <s3h> i seriously didn't know about the sip lines.  we should try those for next time

 16:35:48 <s3h> or yeah, asterisk to Daviey's server

 16:35:50 <SpamapS> anyway, remote participation is probably worth improving, but all in all, it worked fine and etherpad especially made it easy to keep track of session notes in multiple rooms

 16:35:58 <s3h> +1 for etherpad

 16:36:24 <jamespage> just remember to save your notes....

 16:36:32 <s3h> oh yeah - by when?

 16:36:42 * jamespage shrugs

 16:36:44 <s3h> "before that storm rolling in"

 16:36:47 <jamespage> not sure but the sooner the better

 16:36:56 <s3h> i would, but this meeting wont' end :)

 16:37:00 <jamespage> lol

 16:37:03 <zul> i think there was an email about uds feedback that you can do :)

 16:37:18 <zul> so anything else so i can end the meeting for s3h?

 16:37:33 <zul> if not

 16:37:40 <zul> same time next week

 16:37:44 <zul> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)