#title #ubuntu-meeting Meeting

Meeting started by slangasek at 16:06:18 UTC.  The full logs are
available at
http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2012/ubuntu-meeting.2012-01-04-16.06.log.html
.



== Meeting summary ==

 *lightning round

 *Rally planning
''LINK:'' https://wiki.canonical.com/UbuntuEngineering/Rally/Precise/Foundations   (slangasek, 16:25:15)

 *AOB



Meeting ended at 16:40:47 UTC.



== Votes ==




== Action items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * slangasek (39)
 * stgraber (27)
 * cjwatson (24)
 * doko (17)
 * jodh (16)
 * MrChrisDruif (9)
 * barry (8)
 * ubottu (7)
 * bdmurray (4)
 * meetingology (3)



== Full Log ==


 16:06:18 <slangasek> #startmeeting

 16:06:18 <meetingology> Meeting started Wed Jan  4 16:06:18 2012 UTC.  The chair is slangasek. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/AlanBell/mootbot.

 16:06:18 <meetingology> 

 16:06:18 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 16:06:42 <slangasek> [TOPIC] lightning round

 16:06:47 <slangasek> $ echo $(shuf -e cjwatson barry doko stgraber jodh ev bdmurray slangasek)

 16:06:50 <slangasek> slangasek jodh doko cjwatson barry bdmurray ev stgraber

 16:07:43 <slangasek> not much to report really, besides that I'm fighting a cold that's dragging me down

 16:07:54 <slangasek> although ia32-libs is installable again, so I guess there's that

 16:08:17 <barry> nice, so that will stop being held back?

 16:09:08 <stgraber> slangasek: apt doesn't seem to agree with you, at least on my laptop

 16:09:12 <slangasek> and I spent some time over the holidays puttering with maven-debian-helper to try to port it to dh(1) so we could eliminate cdbs from that corner... got a little annoyed with what I found in libshout when I converted it for multiarch

 16:09:55 <slangasek> stgraber: oh, well, I currently have it installed :)

 16:10:07 * cjwatson tries in chdist

 16:10:12 <slangasek> stgraber: happy to debug after the meeting if you're seeing issues

 16:10:17 <slangasek> EOF

 16:10:32 <stgraber> slangasek: "apt-get install ia32-libs winbind:amd64" works though, so seems to be an apt weirdness

 16:10:43 <slangasek> ah

 16:10:53 <slangasek> perhaps it worked better for me because I already had winbind installed

 16:11:18 <slangasek> so that sounds like the stock "apt picks the foreign-arch package when it should pick the native-arch one" bug

 16:11:24 <jodh> Discussions and reviews with stgraber re mountall change for disabling

 16:11:25 <jodh> mounting of already mounted directories. Discussions regarding new

 16:11:25 <jodh> setuid/setgid stanzas and applicability to different job processes.

 16:11:25 <jodh> Worked on tests for logging of "early" Upstart job output to ensure that

 16:11:25 <jodh> even jobs which *end* before the log disk is writeable have log files

 16:11:27 <jodh> created when the disk does become writeable. Restarted effort to squish

 16:11:29 <jodh> plymouth bug 553745 / bug 849414. Identified reason for failing tests

 16:11:32 <jodh> when building upstart 1.4 in/on PPA/buildd: these environments are

 16:11:33 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 553745 in plymouth (Ubuntu Maverick) "plymouthd crashed with SIGSEGV in ply_event_loop_process_pending_events()" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/553745

 16:11:34 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 849414 in plymouth (Ubuntu Precise) "plymouthd crashed with SIGSEGV in ply_event_loop_process_pending_events()" [High,Incomplete] https://launchpad.net/bugs/849414

 16:11:34 <jodh> precise chroots with a lucid kernel. Unfortunately, the lucid kernel has

 16:11:37 <jodh> different signal semantics to a precise kernel!

 16:11:57 <jodh> So, anyone running tests as part of their build process needs to be *very* careful potentially.

 16:12:00 <jodh> ÑŸ

 16:12:36 <doko> - gcc-4.7 packaging updates, gcc-snapshot update

 16:12:37 <doko> - clean up the kde upload mess

 16:12:37 <doko> - start another rebuild test, gcc-4.7

 16:12:37 <doko> - evaluate build failures for gcc-4.7 test rebuild on x86 and armhf

 16:12:37 <doko> and boost 4.7 fixes

 16:12:37 <doko> - python2.6 dependency removals

 16:12:39 <doko> - openjdk-6 update

 16:12:41 <doko> - re-installation of arm machines (armhf now)

 16:12:43 <doko> - another try at eglibc-2.15 (supposed to branch now)

 16:12:45 <doko> - openmpi fixes for armhf and armel

 16:12:47 <doko> - NEW processing, syncs and merges ...

 16:12:51 <doko> - pestered people of multiarch triplets

 16:12:53 <doko> (done)

 16:13:02 <barry> doko: thanks for the py2.6 rebuilds

 16:13:27 <doko> barry: zope2.12 is left (hint, hint ...), needs an update to zope2.13

 16:13:38 <doko> maybe mterry was involved with this too?

 16:13:39 <cjwatson> Back to +1 maintenance this month.  I've mostly been helping to clear the backlog of archive administration work from the holidays, especially trying to catch up on removals where we'd fallen behind, which involved sorting out quite a lot of font package renamings.

 16:13:43 <cjwatson> Tracked down and fixed bug 900526.

 16:13:45 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 900526 in debian-installer-utils (Ubuntu Hardy) "d-i fails to divert initctl when upgrading packages during install" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/900526

 16:13:45 <cjwatson> Updated Wubi for precise.

 16:13:49 <cjwatson> Landed a few more Launchpad branches: port to new python-apt API, stop wasting publisher time on obsolete and future series, and fixed new cron.germinate to not explode on dogfood.  Also QAed mvo's branch to extend the support-timeframe information in the archive for precise.

 16:13:52 <barry> doko: i'll take a look

 16:13:54 <cjwatson> Pulled and uploaded James' Upstart 1.4 branch - thanks!

 16:13:57 <cjwatson> ..

 16:14:09 <jodh> cjwatson: thank you!!

 16:14:55 <cjwatson> slangasek: http://paste.ubuntu.com/792819/ - even 'ia32-libs winbind:amd64' doesn't work here

 16:14:58 <barry> forwarded fix for bug 901840 to debian.  caught up on the holiday email avalanche.  got a response from the dbus-python maintainer that my branch is under review.  done.

 16:14:59 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 901840 in cython (Debian) "FTBFS due to test failures" [Unknown,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/901840

 16:15:39 <cjwatson> 'ia32-libs winbind:amd64 bluez-alsa:amd64 libcanberra-gtk-module:amd64' works

 16:15:49 <bdmurray> bug triage of some important bugs reported over the holidays

 16:16:09 <bdmurray> I've been working with flot (a different tool) for graphing and charting now too

 16:16:15 <bdmurray> done

 16:16:33 <stgraber> - Testing tracker

 16:16:33 <stgraber> - Added some live filtering of the builds

 16:16:33 <stgraber> - Every admin action is now logged

 16:16:33 <stgraber> - Re-introduced testcase subscription report

 16:16:36 <stgraber> - Introduced new "top testers" report

 16:16:38 <stgraber> - Some layout improvements

 16:16:41 <stgraber> - SRUs

 16:16:43 <stgraber> - opencryptoki (TPM) is now in proposed for lucid, maverick and natty. Waiting for customer to do the testing.

 16:16:46 <stgraber> - Still waiting on initial testing by Trellis of the patched ifenslave-2.6 for Oneiric before uploading to proposed.

 16:16:49 <stgraber> - Networking

 16:16:52 <stgraber> - One more ifenslave-2.6 fix to properly deal with vlan tagging.

 16:16:54 <stgraber> - Prepared a blog post with the state of network in Ubuntu including some explanations and examples.

 16:16:57 <stgraber> http://www.stgraber.org/2012/01/04/networking-in-ubuntu-12-04-lts/

 16:17:00 <stgraber> - Merged, uploaded and backported the new tcpdump (bug 892285)

 16:17:01 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 892285 in tcpdump (Ubuntu) "sFlow PDU data not correctly displayed" [Medium,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/892285

 16:17:02 <stgraber> - Containers

 16:17:05 <stgraber> - Reworked my mountall patch based on James' comments, new version is waiting for review.

 16:17:06 <slangasek> cjwatson: hmm, I suspect those are all the same kind of issue as libpam-winbind (following a dep on a M-A: foreign package down the wrong branch)

 16:17:08 <stgraber> - Other

 16:17:10 <stgraber> - Converted a bunch of packages to dh_python2 and sponsored some other, trying to get Edubuntu pysupport and pycentral free. Only one left is wxwidgets2.8.

 16:17:13 <stgraber> (done)

 16:17:53 <barry> stgraber: \o/

 16:18:45 <stgraber> barry: for wxwidgets2.8 I'm not completely sure whether we want to sync/merge from Debian or keep our current version and cherry pick the dh_python2 change from Debian

 16:18:58 <stgraber> barry: (I'm not at all familiar with wxwidgets)

 16:19:18 <slangasek> and ev's on holiday today, so that's everyone

 16:19:37 <slangasek> stgraber: it's wxwidgets, we want to do as little maintenance on it as possible - merge sounds good ;)

 16:19:49 <barry> stgraber: yes, +1 for merging :)

 16:20:07 <cjwatson> oh, yes, I have an alpha-2 bug waiting on ev to get back and look at it

 16:20:08 <stgraber> ok, will do that then

 16:20:11 <cjwatson> but he has mail about that

 16:20:21 <barry> stgraber: thanks

 16:21:11 <cjwatson> jodh: incidentally, bug 900526 which I mentioned above - you may want to be aware of that failure mode in case there've ever been upstart SRUs that changed initctl non-trivially, since you might end up with some incomprehensible archaeology otherwise

 16:21:12 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 900526 in debian-installer-utils (Ubuntu Hardy) "d-i fails to divert initctl when upgrading packages during install" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/900526

 16:21:39 <doko> stgraber, what are the diffs about?

 16:21:51 <cjwatson> in particular the failure mode where you can end up with dpkg thinking upstart from -updates is installed but in fact the initctl binary is still the one from the release pocket

 16:21:52 <jodh> cjwatson: thanks for the pointer!

 16:23:02 <stgraber> doko: we mostly have a different upstream version (one that never made it to Debian) and 10 Ubuntu changes on top of that, not sure how much of that is in Debian. I'll have a look later today/tomorrow and get the exact diff with Debian

 16:24:04 <slangasek> [TOPIC] Rally planning

 16:24:53 <slangasek> we have a rally coming up right around the corner... everyone should have concrete plans of what they're going to be using the face time for

 16:25:09 <slangasek> of course these plans are all going to go out the window because of 20,000 interrupts from other teams, but we should plan nonetheless ;)

 16:25:15 <slangasek> [LINK] https://wiki.canonical.com/UbuntuEngineering/Rally/Precise/Foundations

 16:25:24 <cjwatson> Just as a reminder, I'm not going to be at the rally, so if you want to get hold of me, plan videoconferencing :)

 16:25:46 <cjwatson> I'm likely to be around unless I get sudden instructions to go to the hospital ...

 16:26:00 <cjwatson> (If that happens, I'll try to let somebody know)

 16:26:14 <slangasek> please populate that page this week, so that I can help you pull in people from other teams where needed, etc

 16:26:38 <slangasek> and yes, if you need to coordinate with cjwatson on things, that will be via videoconference only :)

 16:27:14 <slangasek> questions?

 16:27:38 <slangasek> oh yes, planning for a team dinner for Wednesday... I trust that's agreeable to people as usual? :)

 16:28:02 <doko> so maybe we can walk a bit further this time?

 16:29:03 <slangasek> well, I'm up for a walk if everyone else is :)

 16:29:14 <stgraber> sure, no problem with that

 16:29:19 <barry> bring warm clothes :)

 16:29:44 <slangasek> oh right, I'll need to find some warm clothes, won't I

 16:30:15 * slangasek shakes his fist at continental climates... I moved for a reason, you know

 16:30:35 <stgraber> bah, from what I saw so far, it's actually kind of warm over there (5C vs -20C in Sherbrooke or 0C where I'm at the moment)

 16:30:41 <slangasek> [TOPIC] AOB

 16:30:55 <MrChrisDruif> AOB?

 16:31:01 <slangasek> any other business

 16:31:12 <jodh> Any ideas why there is only an armhf build log for precise here: https://launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/plymouth ?

 16:31:15 <bdmurray> I wanted to bring up bug 906633

 16:31:16 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 906633 in Ubuntu CD Images "alpha pages should contain a link to the latest daily image" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/906633

 16:32:05 <slangasek> jodh: because only armhf was built in precise - the other archs were built in oneiric

 16:32:24 <slangasek> the package hasn't had a source upload since oneiric released

 16:32:49 <slangasek> cjwatson: ^^ the above ubuntu-cdimage bug looks like a reasonable change to me in principle

 16:33:07 <MrChrisDruif> Ow, I've got one. Why is the link in the Fridge to the Agende not working? I've changed YYYY/MMDD with the actual date of today

 16:33:09 <cjwatson> yes, IIRC I asked Brian to file it :)

 16:33:24 <jodh> slangasek: ok, ta.

 16:33:25 <slangasek> cjwatson: heh :)

 16:33:42 <cjwatson> MrChrisDruif: this is a foundations team meeting, we don't manage the fridge ...

 16:33:57 <cjwatson> I don't think we generally have an agenda published in advance anyway

 16:34:19 <cjwatson> I'll have a look at that cdimage bug today or tomorrow

 16:34:22 <MrChrisDruif> I think you've added it to the Fridge ^_^

 16:34:41 <cjwatson> I doubt it, it picks it up from google calendar, iirc

 16:34:43 <MrChrisDruif> cjw44 ring any bells?

 16:34:58 <cjwatson> if I did so it was years ago and no longer relevant

 16:35:15 <MrChrisDruif> I'll send an email to the creator ^_^

 16:35:32 <cjwatson> I have no interest in what the fridge says about this meeting, honestly :)

 16:35:36 <slangasek> cjwatson: assigned then - thanks :)

 16:36:40 <cjwatson> MrChrisDruif: that's enough like my old google account login that I'm nearly certain the fridge picked it up from google calendar

 16:37:24 <MrChrisDruif> I'll send an email and see who'll respond ^_^

 16:37:35 <slangasek> yep, that's in the google calendar event

 16:37:48 <slangasek> MrChrisDruif: but as cjwatson said, we don't usually publish a formal agenda beforehand

 16:38:10 <MrChrisDruif> Okay

 16:38:20 <slangasek> I could take that out of the event description, I suppose

 16:39:03 <slangasek> anything else for today?

 16:39:08 <MrChrisDruif> Yeah, if it's useless, why include it

 16:39:52 <MrChrisDruif> Nope, not for me.

 16:40:47 <slangasek> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/AlanBell/mootbot)