#title #ubuntu-meeting Meeting

Meeting started by stgraber at 21:06:18 UTC.  The full logs are
available at
http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2012/ubuntu-meeting.2012-05-28-21.06.log.html
.



== Meeting summary ==

 *Action Review

 *Mythbuntu LTS plan
''LINK:'' https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/technical-board/2012-May/001258.html   (stgraber, 21:08:04)
''LINK:'' https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/technical-board/2012-May/001277.html   (cjwatson, 21:10:45)

 *Select a chair for the next meeting
''ACTION:'' cjwatson to chair the next TB meeting (11th of June)  (stgraber, 21:20:07)

 *AOB



Meeting ended at 21:21:04 UTC.



== Votes ==




== Action items ==

 * cjwatson to chair the next TB meeting (11th of June)



== Action items, by person ==

 * cjwatson
 ** cjwatson to chair the next TB meeting (11th of June)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * stgraber (18)
 * cjwatson (18)
 * soren (4)
 * meetingology (4)



== Full Log ==


 21:06:18 <stgraber> #startmeeting

 21:06:18 <meetingology> Meeting started Mon May 28 21:06:18 2012 UTC.  The chair is stgraber. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 21:06:18 <meetingology> 

 21:06:18 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 21:06:20 <stgraber> fine :)

 21:06:54 <stgraber> #topic Action Review

 21:06:56 <cjwatson> the main thing I see not on the agenda is the Mythbuntu LTS plan

 21:06:59 <cjwatson> FWIW

 21:07:13 <stgraber> wiki doesn't list anything, so I guess we're good there?

 21:08:02 <stgraber> #topic Mythbuntu LTS plan

 21:08:04 <stgraber> https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/technical-board/2012-May/001258.html

 21:08:25 <stgraber> we don't have quorum but I guess we can at least look at it and discuss it

 21:08:40 <cjwatson> three is quorate

 21:09:40 <stgraber> oh right, forgot we're just 6

 21:10:01 <cjwatson> I've just rather belatedly followed up to the list with my thoughts

 21:10:22 <soren> Yeah, without superm here, I'd rather do e-mail as well.

 21:10:31 <soren> superm1, I mean.

 21:10:34 <cjwatson> basically that I can see some possible problems but it seems a reasonable thing to try

 21:10:45 <cjwatson> https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/technical-board/2012-May/001277.html

 21:12:01 <soren> It'll be interesting to see. If it works out well, I wouldn't be surprised if we saw more like this.

 21:12:34 <cjwatson> I do worry a bit about intermediate bitrot; there is some devil in the detail.

 21:13:11 <cjwatson> Probably not enough to scupper the idea in the case of Mythbuntu.  A flavour with wider focus might have more difficulty, I feel.

 21:13:34 <stgraber> if we decide to allow it, we'll need to update https://wiki.ubuntu.com/RecognizedFlavors to reflect this as they'll by definition won't meet the "Must have a proven track record of participating in at least 2 non-LTS releases before applying to TechnicalBoard for LTS designation."

 21:14:12 <cjwatson> Huh?  Mythbuntu has participated in considerably more than two non-LTS releases.

 21:14:28 <cjwatson> I don't think it would be a brilliant idea to allow it for entirely new flavours.

 21:14:46 <cjwatson> Two years is too long a period for any kind of agility in trying out new things.

 21:15:37 <stgraber> hmm, indeed, reading it again, I didn't interpret this properly ;) For some reason I parsed that as we want them to release two consecutive release prior to an LTS, but that's indeed not what it says :)

 21:17:04 <cjwatson> No, it was intended as "must not be total newcomers" really

 21:18:31 <stgraber> right, so should we just continue the discussion with Mario on the mailing-list?

 21:18:47 <cjwatson> Sounds good.

 21:19:06 <stgraber> #topic Select a chair for the next meeting

 21:19:07 <cjwatson> At least he's had a reply now :)

 21:19:35 <stgraber> cjwatson: so I guess next chair in the list is you?

 21:19:40 <cjwatson> Yep

 21:19:45 * cjwatson checks the calendar

 21:20:02 <cjwatson> And I believe I'm even around that day

 21:20:07 <stgraber> #action cjwatson to chair the next TB meeting (11th of June)

 21:20:07 * meetingology cjwatson to chair the next TB meeting (11th of June)

 21:20:23 <stgraber> #topic AOB

 21:20:30 <stgraber> anything?

 21:20:52 <soren> Not from me.

 21:20:55 <cjwatson> Nor I

 21:21:01 <stgraber> alright

 21:21:04 <stgraber> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)