#title #ubuntu-meeting Meeting

Meeting started by barry at 19:01:31 UTC.  The full logs are available
at
http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2012/ubuntu-meeting.2012-12-03-19.01.log.html
.



== Meeting summary ==

''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/DeveloperMembershipBoard/Agenda   (barry, 19:02:12)
 *previous action items

 *package sets

 *applications

 *aob



Meeting ended at 19:19:28 UTC.



== Votes ==




== Action items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * barry (29)
 * tumbleweed (9)
 * micahg (6)
 * meetingology (3)
 * stgraber (2)
 * ubottu (1)



== Full Log ==


 19:01:31 <barry> #startmeeting

 19:01:31 <meetingology> Meeting started Mon Dec  3 19:01:31 2012 UTC.  The chair is barry. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 19:01:31 <meetingology> 

 19:01:31 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 19:01:53 <tumbleweed> !dmb-ping

 19:01:53 <ubottu> bdrung, cody-somerville, Laney, micahg, barry, tumbleweed, stgraber: DMB ping

 19:01:54 <barry> hi everyone and welcome to this week's ubuntu developer membership board meeting

 19:02:12 <barry> #link https://wiki.ubuntu.com/DeveloperMembershipBoard/Agenda

 19:02:44 <barry> could be a short meeting today, as we have no applications to process

 19:02:54 <tumbleweed> \o/

 19:03:22 * barry does have a couple of items to discuss though

 19:03:42 <barry> #topic previous action items

 19:03:51 <barry> micahg to document the zentyal packageset

 19:04:15 <micahg> hrm...

 19:04:20 * stgraber waves

 19:04:46 <micahg> barry: next time Gadget, next time

 19:05:02 <barry> micahg: np :)

 19:05:09 <barry> micahg to ask docs people if they want to apply for a packageset

 19:05:11 <barry> micahg: same?

 19:05:28 <micahg> I thought I did that, but maybe I only thought about doing it

 19:06:26 <micahg> so, yeas

 19:06:35 <barry> cool, we'll carry it forward then :)

 19:06:55 <barry> #topic package sets

 19:07:01 <barry> nothing to do here i think

 19:07:11 <barry> #topic applications

 19:07:14 <barry> nor here

 19:07:27 <barry> #topic aob

 19:07:52 <barry> did everyone get a chance to see dholbach's message, re: @ubuntudev?  if so, any comments?

 19:08:32 <tumbleweed> sure, welcoming new users sounds great. On tho other hand, we've already got too much post-meeting paperwork

 19:09:17 <micahg> well, all of them except for g+ has an API I think

 19:10:05 <barry> yeah, i don't think gwibber f.e. can do multiple accounts.  it would be easy if you could just post one message there and have it propagate

 19:11:00 <barry> i suppose unless one of us really has the urge, we could leave it to the chair, or just let others in the community take the lead

 19:12:05 <barry> i guess the silence pretty much says it all :)

 19:12:45 <tumbleweed> automating the post-meeting papework would be pretty nice

 19:13:03 <barry> one last thing i'd like to discuss: we have two more meetings technically scheduled for 2012, but i propose we cancel the 31-dec meeting, and i will offer to chair again in 2 weeks.  that will be the last meeting of 2012.  any objections?

 19:13:28 <tumbleweed> cancelling the 31 dec meetnig seems pretty sensible

 19:13:40 <micahg> sounds fine

 19:13:46 <stgraber> sounds good

 19:14:09 <barry> tumbleweed: what kind of automation do you have in mind?

 19:14:23 <barry> cool, i'll update the next meeting page

 19:14:55 <barry> if we skip the 31st, that puts the first meeting of 2013 on 7-jan at 1900utc

 19:15:05 <tumbleweed> barry: well, I'm not sure it's worth the effort, as there's not much to do

 19:15:17 <tumbleweed> but it still feels like a lot, so it's easy to put off

 19:15:18 * barry nods

 19:15:51 <tumbleweed> welcoming people on social media accuonts is something that would have to be done ASAP, not left for two weeks

 19:17:06 <barry> i guess we can be honest w/dholbach about our antisocial media-ness and see if he has suggestions for making it easy for us

 19:17:31 <barry> well, anyway, that's all i have for today.  does anybody have anything else?

 19:17:50 <tumbleweed> "antisocial media-ness" :)

 19:19:26 <barry> alrighty then!

 19:19:28 <barry> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)