#title #ubuntu-meeting: Ubuntu Developer Membership Board meeting

Meeting started by stgraber at 19:01:56 UTC.  The full logs are
available at
http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2012/ubuntu-meeting.2012-01-30-19.01.log.html
.



== Meeting summary ==

 *Review of previous action items

 *Package Sets - Ubuntu One
''ACTION:'' stgraber to create the UbuntuOne package set  (stgraber, 19:25:51)

 *PerPackageUploader Applications - Natalia Bidart
''ACTION:'' stgraber to grant PPU to magicicada to nessita  (stgraber, 19:52:28)
''ACTION:'' micahg to add nessita to the ubuntu one upload team  (stgraber, 19:52:56)

 *Upload rights of dobey to the UbuntuOne package set
''ACTION:'' stgraber to update dobey's PPU once he's been added to the ubuntuone uploader team  (stgraber, 19:58:27)

 *Chair for next meeting
''ACTION:'' tumbleweed to chair the next DMB meeting  (stgraber, 20:02:03)

 *AOB



Meeting ended at 20:05:31 UTC.



== Votes ==


 * nessita for PPU to magicicada and package set upload for UbuntuOne
   For: 6 Against: 0 Abstained: 0

 * Creation of an UbuntuOne package set with https://wiki.ubuntu.com/RodneyDawes/UbuntuOnePackageSetApplication as initial list (minus rhythmbox-ubuntuone) and "Packages from subprojects of http://launchpad.net/ubuntuone" as criteria
   For: 5 Against: 0 Abstained: 0

 * Give dobey upload rights to the UbuntuOne package set (and remove current overlapping PPU)
   For: 6 Against: 0 Abstained: 0



== Action items ==

 * stgraber to create the UbuntuOne package set
 * stgraber to grant PPU to magicicada to nessita
 * micahg to add nessita to the ubuntu one upload team
 * stgraber to update dobey's PPU once he's been added to the ubuntuone uploader team
 * tumbleweed to chair the next DMB meeting



== Action items, by person ==

 * dobey
 ** stgraber to update dobey's PPU once he's been added to the ubuntuone uploader team
 * micahg
 ** micahg to add nessita to the ubuntu one upload team
 * nessita
 ** stgraber to grant PPU to magicicada to nessita
 ** micahg to add nessita to the ubuntu one upload team
 * stgraber
 ** stgraber to create the UbuntuOne package set
 ** stgraber to grant PPU to magicicada to nessita
 ** stgraber to update dobey's PPU once he's been added to the ubuntuone uploader team
 * tumbleweed
 ** tumbleweed to chair the next DMB meeting



== People present (lines said) ==

 * stgraber (67)
 * meetingology (40)
 * nessita (31)
 * dobey (25)
 * cody-somerville (22)
 * bdrung (18)
 * micahg (17)
 * tumbleweed (13)
 * Laney (8)
 * nessita1 (3)
 * cyphermox (2)
 * ajmitch (1)



== Full Log ==


 19:01:56 <stgraber> #startmeeting Ubuntu Developer Membership Board meeting

 19:01:56 <meetingology> Meeting started Mon Jan 30 19:01:56 2012 UTC.  The chair is stgraber. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 19:01:56 <meetingology> 

 19:01:56 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 19:02:01 <cody-somerville> Hi

 19:02:21 <stgraber> agenda: https://wiki.ubuntu.com/DeveloperMembershipBoard/Agenda

 19:02:31 <stgraber> #topic Review of previous action items

 19:03:10 <stgraber> so as you probably noticed, after discussion with the TB, I (with my TB hat on) updated the expiry for the DMB members terms based on what was sent by e-mail to the TB

 19:03:33 <stgraber> this should be a lot more consistent now than it was before and should make renewing the board easier

 19:03:50 <stgraber> cody-somerville: and news on your action or should we keep it there?

 19:03:56 <stgraber> (cody-somerville to write some documentation on how to endorse someone)

 19:04:06 <cody-somerville> Nothing new to report. Forgot to get around to it last meeting.

 19:04:13 * cody-somerville writes it at the top of his todo list in big letters.

 19:04:31 <stgraber> #topic Package Sets - Ubuntu One

 19:04:40 <stgraber> proposal: https://wiki.ubuntu.com/RodneyDawes/UbuntuOnePackageSetApplication

 19:05:43 <cody-somerville> Is Rodney here?

 19:05:46 <dobey> hi

 19:06:07 <cody-somerville> dobey, Hi. Can you introduce yourself and your proposal?

 19:06:35 <stgraber> I'm failing to see rhythmbox-ubuntuone in the archive (under either name listed on the wiki)

 19:07:09 <dobey> hi, i'm rodney dawes, on the ubuntu one team, and have been uploading several ubuntu one packages. we want to hae a package set to make it easier to manage the packages we have in ubuntu.

 19:07:34 <dobey> stgraber: it was dropped in oneiric, and we will have a release of it tomorrow, which should be going back into precise as rhythmbox-ubuntuone

 19:08:39 <stgraber> dobey: ok, for the record we can't give access to non-existing source packages, so if the package set is approved, you'll have to send an e-mail to devel-permissions asking for rhythmbox-ubuntuone to be added once it's in the archive (no extra meeting needed for that kind of change though)

 19:08:58 <dobey> stgraber: ok, that is fine.

 19:09:13 <bdrung> should be magicicada in the package set?

 19:09:33 <nessita> bdrung, no, thank you, magicicada is a non official project

 19:09:37 <dobey> bdrung: no, it's not an official ubuntu one package, and is a side project for a couple of the developers

 19:10:31 <bdrung> k

 19:10:32 <micahg> dobey: that doesn't technically matter whether it's official or not if it should be part of the packageset, but rather if U1 devs might need to make changes to it and are trusted to do so

 19:11:39 <dobey> micahg: sure. if nessita wants it added to the package set then we can add it, i suppose. but i'll leave that up to her as it's her project.

 19:11:40 <bdrung> do we have a description of the proposed package set?

 19:11:59 <nessita> micahg, thanks for the clarification. The devs involved in magicicada would like not to be part of that package set

 19:12:17 <dobey> bdrung: beyond what is in the proposal?

 19:12:45 <stgraber> bdrung: not that I can find (either on the wiki or mailing-list)

 19:13:08 <micahg> dobey: this is the criteria for which we can add new packages based on e-mails to devel-permissions

 19:13:11 <stgraber> dobey: when creating a package set we now require a description of the package set that will be used as criteria for inclusion of additional packages

 19:13:28 <stgraber> dobey: anything matching that description will be added to the package set without the need for a meeting

 19:13:59 <dobey> stgraber: ah. i wasn't able to find any formal documentation on the wiki on applying for a package set. i just found an old application for bzr, and used it as a template. :-/

 19:14:50 <nessita> proposed description: "The package set includes those packages that run in the user ubuntu desktop, and is part of the Ubuntu One project (http://launchpad.net/ubuntuone)"

 19:15:04 <tumbleweed> dobey: https://wiki.ubuntu.com/UbuntuDevelopers#FormingDelegate

 19:15:08 <dobey> so, let's say "Packages for which Ubuntu One developers will generally need to have upload privileges for, assuming they have been approved by the DMB."

 19:15:34 <micahg> nessita: it's more a criteria for packages rather than a description

 19:16:49 <stgraber> micahg: though "Packages that are part of http://launchpad.net/ubuntuone and in the Ubuntu archive" sounds like it'd match and is easy enough to check

 19:17:38 <dobey> tumbleweed: ah, confusion. i was looking at that before, and micahg was saying "what you need is a package set, not a delegated team" and when i searched for "package set" on the wiki, i got no useful results beyond the old bzr application :-/

 19:17:40 <micahg> meh, some of those seem iffy, like evo-couchdb

 19:18:00 <dobey> tumbleweed: perhaps we could clarify that messaging somewhat :)

 19:18:01 <nessita> micahg, "The package X should be part of the package set if is part of the Ubuntu One project and runs in the ubuntu desktop"?

 19:19:04 <bdrung> suggestion: "Packages from subprojects of http://launchpad.net/ubuntuone that are in the Ubuntu archive"

 19:19:14 <dobey> micahg: i'd say that's only iffy because we will stop supporting it, and probably won't be uploading it anyway. though in the future we'll probably have an evolution-u1db or something to replace it :)

 19:19:18 <stgraber> nessita: "runs in the ubuntu desktop" doesn't really mean anything, at least not anything we can check. Does run mean doesn't crash, does it mean is seeded in a supported seed, does it mean, it's on a media, ...

 19:19:22 <stgraber> bdrung: +1

 19:19:26 <dobey> bdrung: wfm.

 19:19:47 <micahg> well, I guess if they can break some parts of the desktop, what's a few more :P

 19:20:24 <micahg> and I guess they are technically upstream for it

 19:20:38 <nessita> stgraber, right, I was referring to "live" in the ubuntu archive, like bdrung says

 19:21:12 <stgraber> nessita: ok, that sounds good and is easy to check (as if the package wasn't we couldn't grant you upload rights to it anyway ;))

 19:21:30 <nessita> :-)

 19:21:34 <bdrung> we probably could reduce the criteria to "Packages from subprojects of http://launchpad.net/ubuntuone"

 19:21:45 <bdrung> the package needs to be in the ubuntu archive anyway

 19:21:45 <stgraber> bdrung: indeed

 19:21:59 <stgraber> are we ready to vote?

 19:21:59 <dobey> sure

 19:23:06 <bdrung> stgraber: with the proposed criteria?

 19:23:32 <stgraber> bdrung: yes, package list that's on the wiki minus rhythmbox-ubuntuone and with "Packages from subprojects of http://launchpad.net/ubuntuone" as criteria

 19:23:43 <bdrung> i am ready

 19:24:02 <stgraber> micahg, tumbleweed, Laney, cody-somerville: ?

 19:24:10 * micahg too

 19:24:15 <tumbleweed> sure

 19:24:47 <stgraber> #vote Creation of an UbuntuOne package set with https://wiki.ubuntu.com/RodneyDawes/UbuntuOnePackageSetApplication as initial list (minus rhythmbox-ubuntuone) and "Packages from subprojects of http://launchpad.net/ubuntuone" as criteria

 19:24:47 <meetingology> Please vote on: Creation of an UbuntuOne package set with https://wiki.ubuntu.com/RodneyDawes/UbuntuOnePackageSetApplication as initial list (minus rhythmbox-ubuntuone) and "Packages from subprojects of http://launchpad.net/ubuntuone" as criteria

 19:24:47 <meetingology> Public votes can be registered by saying +1, +0 or -1 in channel, (private votes don't work yet, but when they do it will be by messaging the channel followed by +1/-1/+0 to me)

 19:25:00 <bdrung> +1

 19:25:00 <meetingology> +1 received from bdrung

 19:25:01 <micahg> +1

 19:25:01 <meetingology> +1 received from micahg

 19:25:03 <tumbleweed> +1

 19:25:03 <meetingology> +1 received from tumbleweed

 19:25:05 <stgraber> +1

 19:25:05 <meetingology> +1 received from stgraber

 19:25:07 <cody-somerville> +1

 19:25:07 <meetingology> +1 received from cody-somerville

 19:25:12 <cody-somerville> (for packages listed on wiki)

 19:25:23 <stgraber> #endvote

 19:25:23 <meetingology> Voting ended on: Creation of an UbuntuOne package set with https://wiki.ubuntu.com/RodneyDawes/UbuntuOnePackageSetApplication as initial list (minus rhythmbox-ubuntuone) and "Packages from subprojects of http://launchpad.net/ubuntuone" as criteria

 19:25:23 <meetingology> Votes for:5 Votes against:0 Abstentions:0

 19:25:23 <meetingology> Motion carried

 19:25:35 <stgraber> ok, I'll create the package set post meeting

 19:25:43 <nessita> nice!

 19:25:44 <dobey> yay, thanks guys :)

 19:25:50 <Laney> yeeps, off by one error

 19:25:51 <stgraber> #action stgraber to create the UbuntuOne package set

 19:25:51 * meetingology stgraber to create the UbuntuOne package set

 19:26:07 <Laney> which is impressive when you are in gmt

 19:26:21 <stgraber> Laney: hey there :)

 19:26:42 <stgraber> #topic PerPackageUploader Applications - Natalia Bidart

 19:27:03 <stgraber> (I guess we'll need to vote on dobey too as it doesn't make much sense to keep him on PPU now that we have the package set)

 19:27:04 * nessita is Natalia Bidart

 19:27:23 <stgraber> nessita: can you quickly introduce yourself?

 19:27:31 <nessita> sure!

 19:28:11 <nessita> hello, I'm natalia, I'm the teach lead of the Ubuntu One desktop+ team. I've been involved with most of the desktop application for Ubuntu One since 2010

 19:28:22 * stgraber notes we probably should convert nessita's PPU request to UbuntuOne packageset + PPU to magicicada

 19:28:41 * bdrung nods

 19:28:43 <dobey> stgraber: indeed

 19:29:28 <cody-somerville> nessita, How involved with the actual packaging of the UbuntuOne packages are you?

 19:30:08 <nessita> I've been packaging Ubuntu One packages since 2010, I started with the ubuntu-sso-client and then I included to my packaging list most of the rest of the project

 19:30:29 <nessita> I'm also familiar with the SRU process, and with all the release schedule

 19:30:48 <cody-somerville> nessita, Can you give an example of where you fixed a packaging bug?

 19:31:09 <nessita> I'm still have some things to learn regarding packaging in general, but I'm always eager to read the documentation and to learn from reviews and advices

 19:31:29 <nessita> cody-somerville, you mean proposing a patch for the package or as a upstream dev?

 19:32:16 <stgraber> nessita: are you subscribed to ubuntu-devel-announce and read it daily (when doing Ubuntu stuff)?

 19:32:17 <cody-somerville> nessita, An example of fixing a bug with the packaging of the software vs. fixing a bug in the upstream software.

 19:32:30 <nessita> stgraber, yes, I am

 19:32:55 <dobey> cody-somerville: i suppose fixing [needspackaging] bugs counts for that?

 19:33:35 * micahg would think not

 19:34:47 <nessita> cody-somerville, so, I have made some packaging fixes with, for example, logilab-common to upload to our Ubuntu One nightlies ppa (I can provide the link to that, let me find it)

 19:35:05 <nessita> cody-somerville, and this https://code.launchpad.net/~nataliabidart/ubuntu/precise/ubuntu-sso-client/ubuntu-sso-client-2.99.2 the latest package proposal I submitted with upstream fixes in it

 19:35:27 <dobey> nessita: the logilab-common is a code fix, not a packaging fix

 19:35:56 <nessita> dobey, I undertood that a packaging fix will be such where a patch is provied to apply to the source :-)

 19:36:21 <dobey> nessita: packaging being a bug in debian/rules or copyright, or typo in the description, or dependencies and such in the control file

 19:36:36 <cody-somerville> nessita, No. That is different. A packaging fix is changes to the debian packaging files to fix an issue not with the software but with the packaging of it.

 19:37:06 <dobey> nessita: the difference between packaging a fix, and fixing the packaging itself :)

 19:37:06 <nessita> dobey, cody-somerville, right. I don't think I have done a packaging-only fix

 19:37:37 <nessita> most of my branches were for new upstream releases, or patch added to apply to the upstream code

 19:37:46 <cody-somerville> nessita, How often do you make changes to files under debian/ ? How familiar are you with those files?

 19:38:09 <nessita> I've of course modified debian/ files in those, but I have not submitted a branch with only changes to debian/

 19:38:48 <nessita> cody-somerville, I make changes every time I propose a packaging branch, I usually edit the changelog and very often update dependencies in the control file

 19:39:44 <bdrung> nessita: are there any plans to get the ubuntuone stack to Debian or to work with Debian developers to get it into Debian?

 19:39:45 <dobey> cody-somerville: we have a hard release schedule for ubuntu one this cycle, so at a minimum of every 2 weeks, i would say nessita and i both, make changes under debian/ in the u1 packages.

 19:40:29 <nessita> cody-somerville, I'm familiar with the files in debian/, and I usually check the debian documentation when I have a particular doubt, and if needed, I also check with dobey or someone more experienced than me in that regard

 19:40:40 <micahg> I think cody-somerville is trying to highlight the difference between being an upstream dev and a distro dev

 19:40:43 <nessita> bdrung, well, atm there are no plans to getting Ubuntu One into debian

 19:41:35 <bdrung> nessita: are there any reasons, why?

 19:42:32 <nessita> bdrung, well, mostly business desicions, but I'm confiming with my manager for specifics. Is worth noting that we help as much as we can to people that wants to contribute doing that (orpackaging to another distro as well)

 19:43:32 <bdrung> nessita: the overhead to upload a package to debian and sync it to ubuntu isn't that big.

 19:44:20 <dobey> bdrung: configglue is already in debian. i hope to get dirspec in there in the future as well. as for the rest of ubuntuone, it might only be useful for us to have stuff in sid/experimental, but i don't think we are opposed to getting them there.

 19:44:32 <cody-somerville> nessita, In what scenario might you need to bump the soname of the libubuntuone package?

 19:45:57 <nessita> cody-somerville, I'm not 100% sure (my work mainly involves python packaging, but is a good question), but makes sense doing so when there is an API-ABI breakage

 19:46:59 <bdrung> dobey: sid/experimental are the primary upload targets in Debian

 19:47:06 <cody-somerville> nessita, Who would you ask if you were unsure?

 19:47:17 <nessita> cody-somerville, dobey for sure :-)

 19:47:32 <nessita> cody-somerville, he's our packaging master, and a gnome dev

 19:48:21 <nessita> he thought me a lot of the things i know about packaging, and he also explains to me some sutil differences between one way or another to do things

 19:48:50 <stgraber> any other question for nessita or are we ready to vote (for PPU to magicicada and package set upload for UbuntuOne)? (12 minutes left and we still have dobey and cyphermox on the agenda)

 19:49:14 <bdrung> i am ready

 19:49:17 <cody-somerville> I'm ready.

 19:49:37 <stgraber> #vote nessita for PPU to magicicada and package set upload for UbuntuOne

 19:49:37 <meetingology> Please vote on: nessita for PPU to magicicada and package set upload for UbuntuOne

 19:49:37 <meetingology> Public votes can be registered by saying +1, +0 or -1 in channel, (private votes don't work yet, but when they do it will be by messaging the channel followed by +1/-1/+0 to me)

 19:50:19 <bdrung> +1

 19:50:19 <meetingology> +1 received from bdrung

 19:50:36 <stgraber> +1

 19:50:36 <meetingology> +1 received from stgraber

 19:51:03 <cody-somerville> +1 - please take some time to read the Debian Library Packaging guide plus seek assistance from dobey if you intend to touch libubuntuone.

 19:51:03 <meetingology> +1 - please take some time to read the Debian Library Packaging guide plus seek assistance from dobey if you intend to touch libubuntuone. received from cody-somerville

 19:51:05 <tumbleweed> +1 [ and please feel free to ask for help in #ubuntu-motu / -devel with tricky packaging issues, such as sonames ]

 19:51:05 <meetingology> +1 [ and please feel free to ask for help in #ubuntu-motu / -devel with tricky packaging issues, such as sonames ] received from tumbleweed

 19:51:26 <stgraber> micahg, Laney: ?

 19:51:29 <micahg> +1 same as comment as cody-somerville and tumbleweed

 19:51:29 <meetingology> +1 same as comment as cody-somerville and tumbleweed received from micahg

 19:51:41 <nessita> ack to all comments, and will do

 19:51:49 <Laney> +1 also the release team for freeze guidance

 19:51:49 <meetingology> +1 also the release team for freeze guidance received from Laney

 19:52:04 <stgraber> #endvote

 19:52:04 <meetingology> Voting ended on: nessita for PPU to magicicada and package set upload for UbuntuOne

 19:52:04 <meetingology> Votes for:6 Votes against:0 Abstentions:0

 19:52:04 <meetingology> Motion carried

 19:52:24 <tumbleweed> phew, we have an uploader for the packageset

 19:52:28 <stgraber> #action stgraber to grant PPU to magicicada to nessita

 19:52:28 * meetingology stgraber to grant PPU to magicicada to nessita

 19:52:37 <stgraber> micahg: can you make sure to add nessita when you create the team?

 19:52:44 <dobey> Laney: was that comment based on past history re: u1 and freezes?

 19:52:44 <micahg> stgraber: yes

 19:52:47 <stgraber> micahg: thanks

 19:52:49 <nessita> thanks!

 19:52:53 <Laney> no not really, just in general

 19:52:56 <stgraber> #action micahg to add nessita to the ubuntu one upload team

 19:52:56 * meetingology micahg to add nessita to the ubuntu one upload team

 19:53:21 <stgraber> #topic Upload rights of dobey to the UbuntuOne package set

 19:53:47 <stgraber> == All rights for dobey ==

 19:53:47 <stgraber> Archive Upload Rights for dobey: archive 'primary', source package 'icontool'

 19:53:50 <stgraber> Archive Upload Rights for dobey: archive 'primary', source package 'ubuntuone-storage-protocol'

 19:53:53 <stgraber> Archive Upload Rights for dobey: archive 'primary', source package 'ubuntuone-client'

 19:54:29 <stgraber> so I guess the proposal is to drop these two PPU to ubuntuone-storage-protocol and ubuntuone-client, replacing them with package set upload right to UbuntuOne

 19:54:34 <stgraber> any question?

 19:54:59 <cody-somerville> dobey, Please confirm.

 19:55:10 <dobey> yes, that's right

 19:55:57 <cody-somerville> Ready to vote.

 19:56:25 * bdrung too.

 19:57:26 <stgraber> #vote Give dobey upload rights to the UbuntuOne package set (and remove current overlapping PPU)

 19:57:26 <meetingology> Please vote on: Give dobey upload rights to the UbuntuOne package set (and remove current overlapping PPU)

 19:57:26 <meetingology> Public votes can be registered by saying +1, +0 or -1 in channel, (private votes don't work yet, but when they do it will be by messaging the channel followed by +1/-1/+0 to me)

 19:57:28 <Laney> +1

 19:57:28 <meetingology> +1 received from Laney

 19:57:29 <stgraber> +1

 19:57:29 <meetingology> +1 received from stgraber

 19:57:30 <cody-somerville> +1

 19:57:30 <meetingology> +1 received from cody-somerville

 19:57:35 <bdrung> +1

 19:57:35 <meetingology> +1 received from bdrung

 19:57:38 <micahg> +1

 19:57:38 <meetingology> +1 received from micahg

 19:58:01 <stgraber> tumbleweed: ?

 19:58:07 <tumbleweed> +1

 19:58:07 <meetingology> +1 received from tumbleweed

 19:58:10 <stgraber> #endvote

 19:58:10 <meetingology> Voting ended on: Give dobey upload rights to the UbuntuOne package set (and remove current overlapping PPU)

 19:58:10 <meetingology> Votes for:6 Votes against:0 Abstentions:0

 19:58:10 <meetingology> Motion carried

 19:58:27 <stgraber> #action stgraber to update dobey's PPU once he's been added to the ubuntuone uploader team

 19:58:27 * meetingology stgraber to update dobey's PPU once he's been added to the ubuntuone uploader team

 19:59:04 <stgraber> ok, we're sadly running out of time for the meeting and quite a few members have pre-alpha2 freeze things to do so I doubt we can easily extend the meeting

 19:59:30 <stgraber> cyphermox: can you attend our meeting in two weeks for your coredev application? (poke me if you need sponsoring until then)

 19:59:56 <micahg> dobey: nessita: I would also encourage you if there's another SONAME bump for libubuntuone to try to shepherd the reverse-deps through the other teams that can upload the packages

 20:00:00 <cyphermox> sure, I can attend in two weeks

 20:00:07 <cody-somerville> cyphermox, Also, removing your application, please come next meeting with more endorsements! No reason you can't get them. :)

 20:00:11 <cody-somerville> err

 20:00:15 <cody-somerville> s/removing/regarding/

 20:00:23 <cyphermox> stgraber:  ^^ ;)

 20:00:23 <micahg> cody-somerville: +1

 20:00:54 <stgraber> cyphermox: I know ;) I just mentioned it on the DMB private channel, I'll have one added on your wiki page by our next meeting  ;)

 20:01:03 <stgraber> #topic Chair for next meeting

 20:01:16 <stgraber> so who's turn is it?

 20:01:22 * tumbleweed suspects probably me

 20:01:57 <stgraber> fine :)

 20:02:03 <stgraber> #action tumbleweed to chair the next DMB meeting

 20:02:03 * meetingology tumbleweed to chair the next DMB meeting

 20:02:22 * stgraber was trying to find some pattern but couldn't find any obvious one :)

 20:02:28 <tumbleweed> there was one, but we broke it

 20:02:31 <stgraber> #topic AOB

 20:02:34 <micahg> stgraber: alphabetical

 20:02:41 <Laney> by nick

 20:02:42 <tumbleweed> yeah, time to kick the election off

 20:02:45 <Laney> wfmâ„¢

 20:02:48 <stgraber> micahg: right, that was what I was looking for but couldn't find it ;)

 20:02:49 <tumbleweed> Laney: it was origionally by name

 20:03:02 <Laney> ah well

 20:03:08 <nessita1> micahg: I'm having some nets issues, but I know you said something to me and dobey. Would you please repeat?

 20:03:13 <stgraber> micahg: let's say it's alphabetical but by IRC nickname, then we're almost right :)

 20:03:20 <tumbleweed> we have two applicants, I'll start the election this evening

 20:03:30 <micahg> nessita: I would also encourage you if there's another SONAME bump for libubuntuone to try to shepherd the reverse-deps through the other teams that can upload the packages

 20:03:31 <tumbleweed> s/applicants/nominees/

 20:03:39 <stgraber> tumbleweed: rocks

 20:03:49 <dobey> thanks all!

 20:03:56 <nessita1> micahg: ack

 20:04:23 <nessita1> thanks everyone

 20:04:31 <tumbleweed> ajmitch said something about preparing a platform, haven't heard from porthose

 20:04:50 <ajmitch> right, I'm just at work about to go into a quick meeting, will write something after that

 20:05:31 <stgraber> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)