#title #ubuntu-meeting Meeting

Meeting started by Laney at 14:11:10 UTC.  The full logs are available
at
http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2012/ubuntu-meeting.2012-07-02-14.11.log.html
.



== Meeting summary ==

 *Review of previous action items
  *micahg to document the zentyal packageset  (Laney, 14:11:28)
''ACTION:'' micahg document the zentyal packageset  (Laney, 14:11:43)
  *invitation to appear before the CC on 5 July  (Laney, 14:12:08)
''ACTION:'' everyone try and be at CC meeting July 5th 17:00 UTC  (Laney, 14:14:29)
''ACTION:'' micahg to start a discussion on dmb@ about whether PPU should confer membership  (Laney, 14:15:32)

 *Ubuntu Contributing Developer Application: Vibhav Pant
''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/UbuntuDevelopers describes a requirement for "significant and sustained contributions" which is normally understood as 6 months  (tumbleweed, 14:20:10)
''ACTION:'' chair for next meeting  (Laney, 14:37:33)

 *chair for next meeting

 *aob



Meeting ended at 14:38:26 UTC.



== Votes ==


 * Should Vibhav Pant Pant become an Ubuntun Contributing Developer
   For: 0 Against: 3 Abstained: 0



== Action items ==

 * micahg document the zentyal packageset
 * everyone try and be at CC meeting July 5th 17:00 UTC
 * micahg to start a discussion on dmb@ about whether PPU should confer membership
 * chair for next meeting



== Action items, by person ==

 * micahg
 ** micahg document the zentyal packageset
 ** micahg to start a discussion on dmb@ about whether PPU should confer membership
* **UNASSIGNED**
 ** everyone try and be at CC meeting July 5th 17:00 UTC
 ** chair for next meeting



== People present (lines said) ==

 * Laney (49)
 * tumbleweed (17)
 * vibhav (17)
 * meetingology (15)
 * micahg (12)
 * IdleOne (10)
 * ikonia (7)



== Full Log ==


 14:11:10 <Laney> #startmeeting

 14:11:10 <meetingology> Meeting started Mon Jul  2 14:11:10 2012 UTC.  The chair is Laney. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 14:11:10 <meetingology> 

 14:11:10 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 14:11:20 <Laney> #topic Review of previous action items

 14:11:28 <Laney> #subtopic micahg to document the zentyal packageset

 14:11:30 <Laney> ?

 14:11:33 <micahg> no

 14:11:43 <Laney> #action micahg document the zentyal packageset

 14:11:43 * meetingology micahg document the zentyal packageset

 14:11:45 <Laney> carried!

 14:12:08 <Laney> #subtopic invitation to appear before the CC on 5 July

 14:12:10 <Laney> can people be there?

 14:12:19 <tumbleweed> yeah, I probably can

 14:12:29 * Laney too

 14:12:33 <tumbleweed> do we have anything on our minds to raise with them?

 14:12:51 * micahg should be able to be there

 14:13:01 <Laney> foreshadowing, maybe we can ask about the six month thing

 14:13:05 <Laney> see if we are in line

 14:13:13 <micahg> well, there's the issue of PPU not counting for Ubuntu membership

 14:13:46 <Laney> we don't even have agreement from the dmb that we want that, but we could ask for their guidance.

 14:13:52 <micahg> err, not granting, it should count towards it

 14:14:16 <tumbleweed> we should at least tell them thaht it concerns us, and how we are dealing with it

 14:14:29 <Laney> #action everyone try and be at CC meeting July 5th 17:00 UTC

 14:14:29 * meetingology everyone try and be at CC meeting July 5th 17:00 UTC

 14:14:31 <micahg> ok, I'll start a thread on the list then to see if we can get some type of consensus before then

 14:15:00 <Laney> d-m-b@ or -devel@ or?

 14:15:07 <tumbleweed> I'll dig up the transcript of the last such meeting

 14:15:09 <micahg> d-m-b@ for not

 14:15:11 <micahg> *now

 14:15:16 <Laney> ok

 14:15:32 <Laney> #action micahg to start a discussion on dmb@ about whether PPU should confer membership

 14:15:32 * meetingology micahg to start a discussion on dmb@ about whether PPU should confer membership

 14:15:35 <Laney> onwards

 14:15:46 <Laney> #topic Ubuntu Contributing Developer Application: Vibhav Pant

 14:15:51 <Laney> vibhav: introduce yourself quickly please

 14:15:54 <vibhav> sure

 14:16:04 <vibhav> I am Vibhav Pant, age 14

 14:16:26 <vibhav> I have been using Ubuntu since the age of 9, and was contributing eariler to Ubuntu by translations

 14:16:50 <vibhav> I was introduced to Ubuntu Development by dholbach by the fix it friday initiative

 14:17:12 <vibhav> And immediately fell in love with Ubutnu Community

 14:17:36 <vibhav> I am currently working on NBSes, merges , upstream changes and SRUs

 14:17:50 <Laney> thanks

 14:18:03 <vibhav> My Application can be seen at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/VibhavPant/UniverseContributorApplication

 14:18:07 <Laney> who wants to go first? I suggest we use "o/" and "..".

 14:18:10 <Laney> oh yes, I should have linked that.

 14:18:29 <tumbleweed> o/

 14:18:35 <Laney> go

 14:19:22 <tumbleweed> vibhav: you're a fairly recent contributor, essentially applying for membership through ubuntu development

 14:19:31 <vibhav> tumbleweed: Yes

 14:20:10 <tumbleweed> https://wiki.ubuntu.com/UbuntuDevelopers describes a requirement for "significant and sustained contributions" which is normally understood as 6 months

 14:20:23 <tumbleweed> have you been developing on ubuntu for that long?

 14:20:28 <vibhav> nope

 14:20:40 <tumbleweed> were you aware of that requirement?

 14:20:45 <vibhav> nope

 14:20:50 <ikonia> I'm sorry that is not true

 14:21:06 <ikonia> other membership boards have made it clear the "sustained requirements" period minimum

 14:21:09 <micahg> vibhav: I told you about that in #ubuntu-motu

 14:21:28 <vibhav> micahg: yeah, I forgot

 14:21:32 <vibhav> So, please continue

 14:21:47 <IdleOne> o/

 14:22:06 <tumbleweed> .. for now

 14:23:03 <Laney> o/

 14:23:33 <Laney> vibhav: please explain https://wiki.ubuntu.com/VibhavPant/UniverseContributorApplication?action=diff&rev1=46&rev2=47 and https://wiki.ubuntu.com/VibhavPant/UniverseContributorApplication?action=diff&rev1=44&rev2=45

 14:23:39 <IdleOne> I would just like to reiterate my comments that were also made at a precious Regional membership board meeting. I do not think vibhav is mature enough to be considered for Ubuntu membership. He lacks the necessary "team spirit" this community is built on. I strongly suggest his application be rejected until he can show more of the needed qualities. I am also concerned with the recent changes that were applied to the wiki page i.e comments

 14:23:39 <IdleOne> being removed.

 14:23:50 <IdleOne> s/precious/previous/

 14:24:03 <vibhav> Laney: restored

 14:24:14 <tumbleweed> IdleOne: thanks for bringing it to our attention

 14:24:23 <IdleOne> My pleasure.

 14:24:29 <Laney> I know that micahg put it back again.

 14:24:38 <Laney> I'm concerned about why you thought trying to hide it from us was appropriate.

 14:24:49 <vibhav> sorry

 14:26:13 <Laney> We might have been able to have a discussion about the content of the comment, but that is now overshadowed by this, IMHO.

 14:26:36 <vibhav> I agree, that was really stupid of me

 14:26:45 <ikonia> it's not the first time you've done it

 14:26:50 <tumbleweed> yeah, one of the most important things I'm looking for in a prospective Ubuntu developer is trust from other developers

 14:27:04 <ikonia> this whole telling lies thing is getting to be a real insult to the constant applications to the community

 14:27:13 <Laney> I'm also very concerned that you have been to other membership boards and aren't following their advice.

 14:27:44 <IdleOne> vibhav: part of being in a community is being able to accept criticism from your peers and learning from that criticism. Trying to hide it from the DMB was not only stupid, as you put it, but for me it shows a lack of trustworthiness.

 14:28:31 <vibhav> IdleOne: I was never trying to hide it

 14:28:38 <IdleOne> vibhav: I want you to know that I am probably obe of your biggest supporters. The Ubuntu ops team has had more than a few discussions about you.

 14:28:44 <IdleOne> s/obe/one/

 14:29:01 <Laney> ..

 14:29:03 <tumbleweed> vibhav: then why remove it?

 14:29:23 <IdleOne> I am always trying to point out that you do have the potential but you don't want to do the work involved. This latest incident has really disappointed me.

 14:29:48 <IdleOne> Thanks to the DMB for letting me speak, sorry i took so much time.

 14:30:04 <tumbleweed> IdleOne: the "Things I can do better" paint a similar picture

 14:30:14 <ikonia> I'm actually considering taking this to the CC

 14:30:18 <tumbleweed> they are all part of "doing the work involved"

 14:30:31 <ikonia> I don't find it acceptable that someone who is a persistant liar and trying to trick people into membership be allowed to continue

 14:30:38 <vibhav> tumbleweed: Yeah, but I dont remember that stuff

 14:30:47 <Laney> ikonia: thanks. We'll take it from here...

 14:30:51 <ikonia> sure

 14:31:16 <Laney> anyone else? micahg?

 14:31:45 <micahg> I think what I wanted to say has been said already

 14:31:55 <Laney> ok, let's vote.

 14:32:10 <Laney> You should note that we don't have quorum so formally this will have to be settled over email.

 14:32:28 <micahg> well, that depends on the vote :)

 14:32:40 <Laney> #vote Should Vibhav Pant Pant become an Ubuntun Contributing Developer

 14:32:40 <meetingology> Please vote on: Should Vibhav Pant Pant become an Ubuntun Contributing Developer

 14:32:40 <meetingology> Public votes can be registered by saying +1, +0 or -1 in channel, (private votes don't work yet, but when they do it will be by messaging the channel followed by +1/-1/+0 to me)

 14:32:50 <Laney> (without typo) (with question mark)

 14:33:31 <micahg> -1 only three months of dev work, wiki behaviour is an example not befitting an Ubuntu member regardless

 14:33:31 <meetingology> -1 only three months of dev work, wiki behaviour is an example not befitting an Ubuntu member regardless received from micahg

 14:34:17 <tumbleweed> -1 (as above)

 14:34:17 <meetingology> -1 (as above) received from tumbleweed

 14:34:31 <Laney> -1 Not been contribution for six months (the minimum, as advised). Dishonest behaviour, even when this has clearly been noticed.

 14:34:31 <meetingology> -1 Not been contribution for six months (the minimum, as advised). Dishonest behaviour, even when this has clearly been noticed. received from Laney

 14:34:41 <Laney> #endvote

 14:34:41 <meetingology> Voting ended on: Should Vibhav Pant Pant become an Ubuntun Contributing Developer

 14:34:41 <meetingology> Votes for:0 Votes against:3 Abstentions:0

 14:34:41 <meetingology> Motion denied

 14:35:25 <Laney> If you decide to come back, I suggest you reflect on all of the feedback you've been given.

 14:36:47 <Laney> No quorum. Guess poor Laney has to wait until next time.

 14:37:33 <Laney> #action chair for next meeting

 14:37:33 * meetingology chair for next meeting

 14:37:35 <Laney> oops

 14:37:38 <tumbleweed> guess we get to go through together, then (or not at all :P )

 14:37:40 <Laney> #topic chair for next meeting

 14:37:45 <Laney> that's micahg

 14:37:49 <Laney> #topic aob

 14:37:50 <Laney> ?

 14:37:51 <micahg> no, it's barry :)

 14:38:04 <Laney> oh yeah, barry (micahg) :P

 14:38:22 <Laney> ding ding

 14:38:26 <Laney> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)