#title #ubuntu-meeting Meeting

Meeting started by jdstrand at 18:02:06 UTC.  The full logs are
available at
http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2012/ubuntu-meeting.2012-09-24-18.02.log.html
.



== Meeting summary ==

''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting   (jdstrand, 18:02:15)
 *Weekly stand-up report

 *Highlighted packages
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/ccid.html   (jdstrand, 18:12:30)
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/libapache2-mod-auth-openid.html   (jdstrand, 18:12:36)
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/teamspeak-client.html   (jdstrand, 18:12:41)
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/batmand.html   (jdstrand, 18:12:49)
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/modsecurity-apache.html   (jdstrand, 18:13:03)

 *Miscellaneous and Questions



Meeting ended at 18:16:06 UTC.



== Votes ==




== Action items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * jdstrand (25)
 * mdeslaur (11)
 * micahg (5)
 * tyhicks (5)
 * sarnold (4)
 * sbeattie (4)
 * jjohansen (4)
 * meetingology (3)



== Full Log ==


 18:02:06 <jdstrand> #startmeeting

 18:02:06 <meetingology> Meeting started Mon Sep 24 18:02:06 2012 UTC.  The chair is jdstrand. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 18:02:06 <meetingology> 

 18:02:06 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 18:02:14 <jdstrand> The meeting agenda can be found at:

 18:02:15 <jdstrand> [LINK] https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting

 18:02:22 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Weekly stand-up report

 18:02:25 <jdstrand> I'll go first

 18:03:21 <jdstrand> I think I am done with the audits for the time being. there are a couple left, but they aren't important. maybe we can use those later for training on uaudit

 18:03:38 <jdstrand> which means I can actually get back to helping out with updates

 18:03:45 <mdeslaur> \o/

 18:03:52 <jdstrand> mdeslaur: seriously :)

 18:04:05 <mdeslaur> :)

 18:04:14 <jdstrand> in addition to that, I'm on community this week, and plan to train sarnold on UCT

 18:04:19 <jdstrand> mdeslaur: you're up

 18:04:54 <mdeslaur> I just published ghostscript. I have emacs and freeradius to test

 18:05:00 <mdeslaur> I'm currently working on transmission

 18:05:12 <mdeslaur> and will attack the CVE list with a chainsaw after that

 18:05:23 <mdeslaur> what's it from me

 18:05:27 <mdeslaur> sbeattie: you're up

 18:05:43 <sbeattie> I'm trying to finish up eglibc

 18:05:59 <mdeslaur> sbeattie: do, or do not, there is no try.

 18:06:04 <sbeattie> then I'll move on to focusing on apparmor, starting with the dbus ppa

 18:06:45 <sbeattie> that's pretty much it for me

 18:06:52 <sbeattie> micahg, you're up

 18:07:11 <micahg> I've got Thunderbird 15.0.1 (this week or we skip it), and I'm trying to finish up webkit for oneiric

 18:07:18 * micahg hugs sbeattie

 18:07:42 <micahg> oh, and it's a short week for me (off Wed)

 18:07:45 <micahg> that's it for me

 18:08:27 <micahg> tyhicks: tag

 18:08:42 <tyhicks> I'm finishing up ruby1.9.1 and rubygems. Fought with the test scripts last week and found another issue that I had to roll into the ruby1.9.1 update, so it fell into this week.

 18:09:00 <tyhicks> After that, I hope to start on some apparmor work

 18:09:09 <tyhicks> if that's not yet ready, I'll try to fit in one more update

 18:09:10 <tyhicks> that's it for me

 18:09:14 <tyhicks> jjohansen: you're up

 18:09:26 <jjohansen> I finally have access to the QA machine where the apparmor QRT failure was happening so I need to look into that.

 18:09:26 <jjohansen> /me needs to finish writing up some notes on the current apparmor work and get together with tyhicks and sbeattie on apparmor dbus, and stacking/labeling and get back to debugging stacking.

 18:10:04 <jjohansen> or hrmm, continue debugging ...

 18:10:23 <jjohansen> that is it for me sarnold your up

 18:10:51 <sarnold> I'm finally finished with the generic employee new starter tasks; I've made good progress on the UE/Security new-starter tasks.

 18:11:03 <sarnold> this week I'm finishing those up, starting triage, and getting trained on UCT :)

 18:11:27 <mdeslaur> sarnold: \o/

 18:11:30 <sarnold> I've got a few questions about alioth, but perhaps those should be handled out-of-bounds?

 18:11:38 <jdstrand> yeah

 18:11:49 <sarnold> okay, then I'm finished :) jdstrand, your turn

 18:12:07 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Highlighted packages

 18:12:12 <jdstrand> The Ubuntu Security team will highlight some community-supported packages that might be good candidates for updating and or triaging. If you would like to help Ubuntu and not sure where to start, this is a great way to do so.

 18:12:20 <jdstrand> See https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/UpdateProcedures for details and if you have any questions, feel free to ask in #ubuntu-security. To find out other ways of helping out, please see https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/GettingInvolved.

 18:12:30 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/ccid.html

 18:12:36 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/libapache2-mod-auth-openid.html

 18:12:41 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/teamspeak-client.html

 18:12:49 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/batmand.html

 18:13:03 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/modsecurity-apache.html

 18:13:15 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Miscellaneous and Questions

 18:13:26 <jdstrand> There are a lot of merge opportunities for packages listed in http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/d2u/. Performing these updates is a great way to help Ubuntu and bolster your developer application.

 18:13:36 <jdstrand> Does anyone have any other questions or items to discuss?

 18:15:46 <mdeslaur> jdstrand: can I have a pony?

 18:15:59 * jdstrand hands mdeslaur a pony

 18:16:03 <jdstrand> and with that...

 18:16:06 <mdeslaur> \o/

 18:16:06 <jdstrand> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)