#title #ubuntu-meeting: Community Council meeting, agenda available at: https://wiki.ubuntu.com/CommunityCouncilAgenda

Meeting started by Gwaihir at 17:01:01 UTC.  The full logs are available
at
http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2012/ubuntu-meeting.2012-03-15-17.01.log.html
.



== Meeting summary ==

 *Community Council meeting, Agenda available here:  https://wiki.ubuntu.com/CommunityCouncilAgenda
  *America Regional Membership Board meet-up  (Gwaihir, 17:04:41)
  *Reply to the Loco Council  (Gwaihir, 17:23:58)
''ACTION:'' CC needs to review the the LoCo approval wiki page and provide an answer to the LC  (Gwaihir, 17:26:56)
  *Review merge proposal to the CoC  (Gwaihir, 17:30:08)
''LINK:'' https://code.launchpad.net/~akgraner/ubuntu-codeofconduct/proposedv2coc/+merge/97139   (dholbach, 17:30:16)
''ACTION:'' CC review merge proposal of the new CoC → https://code.launchpad.net/~akgraner/ubuntu-codeofconduct/proposedv2coc/+merge/97139  (Gwaihir, 17:35:51)
  *Reply to RMB candidate  (Gwaihir, 17:37:55)
''ACTION:'' cprofitt to reply to the RMB email  (Gwaihir, 17:41:11)
''ACTION:'' pleia2 to update wiki pages and reference links  (Gwaihir, 17:47:01)
''ACTION:'' Gwaihir to chair next time  (Gwaihir, 17:48:22)



Meeting ended at 17:49:33 UTC.



== Votes ==




== Action items ==

 * CC needs to review the the LoCo approval wiki page and provide an answer to the LC
 * CC review merge proposal of the new CoC → https://code.launchpad.net/~akgraner/ubuntu-codeofconduct/proposedv2coc/+merge/97139
 * cprofitt to reply to the RMB email
 * pleia2 to update wiki pages and reference links
 * Gwaihir to chair next time



== Action items, by person ==

 * cprofitt
 ** cprofitt to reply to the RMB email
 * Gwaihir
 ** Gwaihir to chair next time
 * pleia2
 ** pleia2 to update wiki pages and reference links
* **UNASSIGNED**
 ** CC needs to review the the LoCo approval wiki page and provide an answer to the LC
 ** CC review merge proposal of the new CoC → https://code.launchpad.net/~akgraner/ubuntu-codeofconduct/proposedv2coc/+merge/97139



== People present (lines said) ==

 * Gwaihir (76)
 * pleia2 (41)
 * czajkowski (34)
 * cprofitt (29)
 * dholbach (27)
 * YokoZar (13)
 * Pendulum (8)
 * meetingology (8)
 * greg-g (8)
 * cyphermox (5)
 * ubottu (1)



== Full Log ==


 17:01:01 <Gwaihir> #startmeeting Community Council meeting, agenda available at: https://wiki.ubuntu.com/CommunityCouncilAgenda

 17:01:01 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Mar 15 17:01:01 2012 UTC.  The chair is Gwaihir. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 17:01:01 <meetingology> 

 17:01:01 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 17:01:19 <czajkowski> aloha

 17:01:23 * pleia2 waves

 17:01:23 <cprofitt> hello

 17:01:30 <Gwaihir> #topic Community Council meeting, Agenda available here:  https://wiki.ubuntu.com/CommunityCouncilAgenda

 17:01:36 <Gwaihir> hello everyone!

 17:01:37 <pleia2> welcome to your first meeting as a CC member, cprofitt!

 17:01:47 <cprofitt> thanks pleia2

 17:01:59 <Gwaihir> thanks all for being here

 17:02:13 <Gwaihir> so, today we have on the agenda the Americas Regional Board meet-up

 17:02:34 <Gwaihir> who do we have here from the RMB?

 17:02:57 <pleia2> o/

 17:03:19 <Gwaihir> ok, nobody else?

 17:03:28 <czajkowski> Pendulum: ??

 17:03:39 <pleia2> cyphermox?

 17:04:15 <dholbach> hiya

 17:04:17 <pleia2> greg-g also said he'd make it, but may be a few minutes late

 17:04:25 <Gwaihir> well, pleia2, floor is yours, do you have something in particular you would like to say?

 17:04:25 <YokoZar> Well, greetings pleia2 ;)

 17:04:41 <Gwaihir> #subtopic America Regional Membership Board meet-up

 17:05:11 <pleia2> in general I think things are going well, terms of severl of our board members expire in May so I think we're seeing some of the fatigue related to that

 17:05:56 <greg-g> hi there

 17:05:59 <YokoZar> Has the rate of apps changed during your tour?

 17:05:59 <pleia2> we now have a channel where members from all boards hang out, which has been super helpful in improving cohesion between the boards and recruiting volunteers from other boards as needed

 17:06:22 <YokoZar> It'd be interesting if we were getting more or fewer membership applications, for instance

 17:06:29 <Pendulum> Sorry, I'm here.

 17:06:31 <cprofitt> +1 YokoZar

 17:06:43 <greg-g> the rate of new member apps seems about consistent, during my term

 17:07:04 <pleia2> I've been on the board since they were created 4 years ago, if anything it's gone down some, but I think part of that is we've moved off some approvals to IRC and Forums in that time

 17:07:20 <pleia2> and developer membership board

 17:07:39 <cyphermox> I'm there, sorry, had wifi issues

 17:07:57 <Pendulum> I've only been on for just under a year, but I'd say they've generally been consistant in that time.

 17:08:00 <cprofitt> Have you have had any issues with verifying potential members work in certain areas of the community such as askubuntu

 17:08:41 <pleia2> cprofitt: we rely heavily upon testimonials for sections of the community or work that we may have trouble personally verifying

 17:09:03 <Gwaihir> is the IRC process for membership approval an issue, or is it easy to reach quorum?

 17:09:08 <pleia2> so we do sometimes have to ask people to come back with testimonials

 17:09:22 <pleia2> Gwaihir: it works fine for us

 17:09:33 <czajkowski> pleia2: does your board ever not meet quorum or do ye have enough members?

 17:09:37 <pleia2> last meeting we borrowed someone from the Asia/Oceania board

 17:09:44 <pleia2> but that's pretty rare

 17:09:48 <cyphermox> Gwaihir: quorum does not appear to be an issue, especially now that we notify across boards via the mailing list

 17:09:54 <cprofitt> What is the biggest challenge facing the RMB in the next cycle?

 17:10:08 <pleia2> again, with a bunch of terms expiring in May I think a couple people have kind of checked out early

 17:10:34 <pleia2> cprofitt: I don't really see any

 17:11:02 <cyphermox> making sure it remains clear what the expectations are for membership? but that's hardly a problem right now

 17:11:32 <Pendulum> For the board itself, the only thing I can think of is transition with the new members, but I don't see that being a problem either.

 17:11:33 <Gwaihir> cool to hear

 17:11:38 <dholbach> was missing testimonials the only problem which led to asking people to reapply?

 17:11:39 <pleia2> with my CC hat on, the Americas board is never wanting for applicants to be on the board, unlike the other two boards, so I think Americas is fortunate there

 17:11:41 <cprofitt> goog to hear pleia2

 17:12:02 <pleia2> (I think we had something like 10 applicants for the free spots last time!)

 17:12:27 <dholbach> nice

 17:13:06 <czajkowski> pleia2: nice to hear

 17:13:20 <greg-g> (sorry, had to  hold a fussy baby for s econd) re: verifying: I think the separate boards for IRC/Forum helps with that but for AskUbuntu, given the highly badge-centric model, it works OK, as long as there is evidence of good interaction with the wider community as well

 17:13:47 <Pendulum> I'd say missing testimonials is the most common reason for asking people to reapply, but we have also asked people to do more work or spend more time in the community, among other things.

 17:14:01 <greg-g> +1 to what Pendulum said

 17:14:03 <Pendulum> And then there are people that we suggest should apply through a different board

 17:14:03 <pleia2> g/ 51

 17:14:07 <pleia2> oops

 17:14:29 <cyphermox> Pendulum: +1

 17:14:42 <dholbach> what about people who just focus on one task and are less interest in joining LoCo teams for example? is that a concern?

 17:14:44 <YokoZar> I'd like to minimize instances of "wrong board" sorry...just makes us seem a bit bureaucratic

 17:14:52 <czajkowski> Pendulum: on those cases when they came back have they done the extra stuff that was needed or shown great collaboration with teams and gotten testimonals ?

 17:15:18 <cprofitt> How flexible has the RMB been in evaluating contributions in new areas of the community? Is there anything you can think of that can be done better in regards to incorporating new areas of community contribution?

 17:15:32 <pleia2> dholbach: not really, we tend to recommend joining locos when they are having trouble finding a community ("I can't get testimonials because I work by myself on $thing" for instance)

 17:15:45 * dholbach nods

 17:15:47 <Gwaihir> YokoZar, might be an idea to have just one "board" visible to the users, but internally structured in a different way, by timezones

 17:15:49 <czajkowski> nods

 17:15:56 <pleia2> well, we always *recommend* joining locos because they are fun :) but we only recommend it as a way to help membership in the above case

 17:15:59 <greg-g> cprofitt: we've been pretty flixible, I'd say, but I'm biased, of course :)

 17:16:08 <czajkowski> YokoZar: in what case would you have a wrong board?

 17:16:10 <dholbach> I personally agree - LoCos *are* great :)

 17:16:13 * cprofitt nods to greg-g

 17:16:46 <cyphermox> cprofitt: we've granted membership on one or two cases based largely on AskUbuntu contributions, IIRC

 17:16:47 <Pendulum> pleia2: +1

 17:16:47 <YokoZar> czajkowski: Pendulum: And then there are people that we suggest should apply through a different board

 17:17:08 <pleia2> I think more generally the only major hurdle in the past year regarding "new areas" is our uncertainty over whether Unity is Ubuntu, or upstream

 17:17:21 <pleia2> but I think that was resolved in a satisfactory manner (and Unity does count)

 17:17:27 <greg-g> YokoZar: well, we don't want to make a determination on a person who does development only, that is better taken up by the dev board

 17:17:50 <pleia2> Upstart, Launchpad and others also fell in to the "upstream or not?" category

 17:18:29 <pleia2> but it's not hugely about "upstream or not" it's about "ubuntu community interaction or not"

 17:18:36 <cprofitt> cyphermox: good to hear

 17:18:48 <Pendulum> czajkowski: Generally they either come back the next month with testimonials and/or cheerleaders or take a few more months to do more work. We do get the occasional person who doesn't understand and reapplies without doing anything more, but it's not common.

 17:19:36 <czajkowski> nods

 17:19:36 <czajkowski> thanks

 17:19:38 <cprofitt> pleia2: I think upstream or not may be an issue for new people coming in to the community too... it is not often easy for new folks to know that difference

 17:19:41 <YokoZar> Especially in the developer case, the question of what's Ubuntu vs what's upstream sounds like it could get quite dicey

 17:20:40 * greg-g nods

 17:21:01 <Gwaihir> well, everything seems to work pretty nicely here :)

 17:21:28 <Gwaihir> does anybody have other questions?

 17:21:43 <dholbach> I'm all set - I'm quite happy with what I've heard

 17:21:46 <czajkowski> nope am good thanks

 17:21:52 <cprofitt> I am good as well

 17:22:01 <Gwaihir> sweet!

 17:22:02 <cprofitt> It sounds as though things are running smoothly

 17:22:03 <greg-g> thanks all!

 17:22:09 <pleia2> thanks :)

 17:22:12 <cprofitt> thanks to everyone taking on the RMB role!!

 17:22:18 <Gwaihir> pleia2, greg-g Pendulum, thanks for being here today!

 17:22:19 <Pendulum> thanks

 17:22:28 <YokoZar> Indeed, membership is a fantastic part of Ubuntu

 17:22:32 <Gwaihir> lovely chat :)

 17:23:02 <Gwaihir> moving one, our agenda is quite empty, do we have any outstanding issue to discuss?

 17:23:21 <czajkowski> Gwaihir: we need to reply to the LC

 17:23:27 <dholbach> yes, we need to review the CoC changes

 17:23:29 <czajkowski> dholbach: did you reply to the membership mail?

 17:23:36 <cprofitt> +1 czajkowski

 17:23:46 <Gwaihir> ok, start with the reply to the LC

 17:23:48 <dholbach> czajkowski, erm which?

 17:23:58 <Gwaihir> #subtopic Reply to the Loco Council

 17:24:31 <Gwaihir> mail is about the rewrite of the LoCo approval page

 17:24:46 <Gwaihir> now, only cprofitt replied internally to the CC

 17:24:58 <Gwaihir> we need to review the edited page, and provide an answer

 17:25:06 <czajkowski> I'm also good with it helped to write it and am happy with the edits in it

 17:25:15 <dholbach> (ahhh ok, now - no, czajkowski, I didn't)

 17:25:45 <pleia2> the only real change from the CC perspective is the recommendation being changed from 4 months to 8 months

 17:26:13 * cprofitt nods

 17:26:17 <pleia2> I think this is fine, when this was written 4 months was a much greater percentage of the life of Ubuntu

 17:26:30 <czajkowski> nods and locoteams were rather new then

 17:26:35 * pleia2 nods

 17:26:39 <czajkowski> and we have more activities

 17:26:41 * Gwaihir nods

 17:26:42 <cprofitt> everything else is a clean up -- and two pages will be replaced with one to avoid confusion

 17:26:56 <Gwaihir> #action CC needs to review the the LoCo approval wiki page and provide an answer to the LC

 17:26:56 * meetingology CC needs to review the the LoCo approval wiki page and provide an answer to the LC

 17:27:15 <Gwaihir> can we do it by tomorrow?

 17:27:29 <pleia2> I'll give my +1 now

 17:27:46 <czajkowski> I'm +1 also

 17:27:52 <cprofitt> I am also a +1

 17:28:14 <YokoZar> We have 3 members mia

 17:28:18 <YokoZar> we might want to wait a day

 17:28:40 <Gwaihir> I will read it tonight and reply to the mailing list

 17:28:43 * cprofitt nods

 17:28:45 <cprofitt> that is fair

 17:28:50 <dholbach> if possible I'd like to read it first - I'm not quite sure what exactly changed and for which reason

 17:28:55 <Gwaihir> but from a fast view at the page, looks good

 17:29:11 <dholbach> I'll also do it tonight

 17:29:16 <dholbach> and reply to the mail czajkowski mentioned

 17:29:18 <pleia2> thanks guys

 17:29:32 <Gwaihir> cool

 17:29:51 <dholbach> sweet

 17:29:52 <Gwaihir> can we move to the next topic?

 17:29:57 <cprofitt> yes

 17:29:59 <czajkowski> sure

 17:30:08 <Gwaihir> #subtopic Review merge proposal to the CoC

 17:30:16 <dholbach> https://code.launchpad.net/~akgraner/ubuntu-codeofconduct/proposedv2coc/+merge/97139

 17:30:25 <Gwaihir> has anybody had the chance to look at it?

 17:30:33 <Gwaihir> unfortunately, I hadn't yet

 17:30:37 <cprofitt> I did... it looked good to me.

 17:30:50 <dholbach> Amber's revision had a change missing which Matt Z put in some time ago, so I added that in my own branch

 17:30:56 <czajkowski> looks fine, although it's a bit long.

 17:31:02 <czajkowski> ahh shall review that

 17:31:08 <czajkowski> didnt see it missing thanks dholbach

 17:31:24 <Gwaihir> czajkowski, yeah, it is a bit long now

 17:31:37 <dholbach> in the merge proposal I added links to wdiffs, so you can see which words changed as opposed to seeing line changes (if that's helpful)

 17:31:41 <Gwaihir> wondering if people will really read it all...

 17:31:52 <czajkowski> I do think that's a bit of an issue as for starters the CoC isn't translated and I for one would love to see this happen somewhere

 17:31:58 <czajkowski> even on a wiki page so people could reference it

 17:32:08 <Gwaihir> dholbach, has a branch for that I think

 17:32:08 * czajkowski hugs dholbach

 17:32:15 <dholbach> but on the other hand many won't have to read the LCoC in their first days yet, but now that it exists

 17:32:21 <Gwaihir> at one UDS we were talking with david about that

 17:32:31 <dholbach> Gwaihir, yes, but dpm and I never finished it I think

 17:32:39 <dholbach> I can't remember what exactly the issue was with it though

 17:32:42 <YokoZar> Honestly I feel like I might still be able to cull it for wordiness

 17:32:52 <Gwaihir> dholbach, do not remember either

 17:32:55 <dholbach> maybe we should first concern ourselves with getting 2.0 out, then do the i18n bits :)

 17:33:00 <Gwaihir> might take a look for this UDS

 17:33:08 <YokoZar> when I write essays I come back to them 4 or 5 times over the course of many weeks and still find things to shorten them

 17:33:09 <Gwaihir> yeah, better

 17:33:26 <dholbach> YokoZar, if you could add a few ideas to the merge proposal that'd be nice

 17:33:32 <czajkowski> dholbach: aye my only conern with 2.0 is it's a tad long

 17:33:36 <YokoZar> Yeah, agreed

 17:33:39 <YokoZar> Will do dholbach

 17:33:49 <cprofitt> so I am clear this is in relation to this bug: https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu-community/+bug/392976

 17:33:51 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 392976 in ubuntu-community "Launchpad only supports one CoC - the Ubuntu Leadership CoC is not supported." [Medium,In progress]

 17:34:59 <dholbach> so it'd be good if we could all have a look over it again

 17:35:06 <dholbach> (myself included :-))

 17:35:08 * cprofitt nods

 17:35:18 * Gwaihir nods

 17:35:35 * pleia2 nods

 17:35:42 <dholbach> that I think is all I had to discuss

 17:35:51 <Gwaihir> #action CC review merge proposal of the new CoC → https://code.launchpad.net/~akgraner/ubuntu-codeofconduct/proposedv2coc/+merge/97139

 17:35:51 * meetingology CC review merge proposal of the new CoC → https://code.launchpad.net/~akgraner/ubuntu-codeofconduct/proposedv2coc/+merge/97139

 17:36:19 <Gwaihir> hmmm... was there something else we need to discuss?

 17:36:32 <pleia2> from me, just a quick additional thanks to akgraner for serving on the council, wrapping up her outstanding tasks and setting a good example by stepping down when she realized she didn't have the time for it

 17:36:40 <cprofitt> +1

 17:36:41 <czajkowski> reply to RMB candiate

 17:37:01 <cprofitt> great example of following the LCoC!

 17:37:10 <Gwaihir> +1 for akgraner

 17:37:11 <dholbach> yes, thanks alot for your work on akgraner!

 17:37:18 <Gwaihir> o/

 17:37:33 <Gwaihir> czajkowski, yep

 17:37:40 <pleia2> czajkowski: good catch, we discussed that all privately

 17:37:41 <czajkowski> Gwaihir: think that's it all tbh

 17:37:55 <Gwaihir> #subtopic Reply to RMB candidate

 17:38:38 <pleia2> I think the mailing list thread summed up our expectations well, we just need to draft a reply

 17:39:10 <cprofitt> +1 pleia2

 17:39:19 * Gwaihir nods

 17:39:42 <Gwaihir> who would like to write the reply?

 17:39:51 <Gwaihir> at least draft it

 17:40:12 <pleia2> I'd rather it come from a CC member who is not also a membership board member (not me :))

 17:40:36 <Gwaihir> ;)

 17:40:43 <cprofitt> I can take that on

 17:40:56 <Gwaihir> awesome cprofitt

 17:40:58 <Gwaihir> thanks

 17:40:59 <czajkowski> pleia2: :)

 17:41:11 <Gwaihir> #action cprofitt to reply to the RMB email

 17:41:11 * meetingology cprofitt to reply to the RMB email

 17:42:04 <Gwaihir> if this is the last topic, and nobody would like to discuss about something else

 17:42:13 <czajkowski> all good thanks

 17:42:17 <cprofitt> I am set; thanks.

 17:42:21 <czajkowski> excellent chairing Gwaihir :)

 17:42:29 <Gwaihir> we just need to take care of the bureaucratic stuff

 17:42:46 <Gwaihir> thanks czajkowski

 17:43:02 <Gwaihir> who is going to chair next meeting?

 17:43:17 <czajkowski> ar we gonna try this rotation again this time properly :)

 17:43:33 <Gwaihir> why not :)

 17:43:38 <czajkowski> cool

 17:43:42 <czajkowski> so who's next after you

 17:43:54 <Gwaihir> maybe better set up a wiki page with the rotation thing

 17:44:28 <Gwaihir> by nick name, should be pleia2

 17:44:30 <czajkowski> sounds good, but with the exception of sabdfl as at uds he said he wouldn't be able to do it due to work

 17:44:34 <czajkowski> which is fine

 17:44:40 <Gwaihir> yeah, np

 17:44:40 <pleia2> Gwaihir: I can't chair

 17:44:53 <pleia2> (this meeting is during work for me, I can get pulled away at any time)

 17:45:05 <Gwaihir> pleia2, no worries

 17:45:36 <Gwaihir> we get back to this one later...

 17:45:44 <Gwaihir> who can update the wiki pages then?

 17:46:06 <pleia2> I can do it

 17:46:42 <Gwaihir> thanks pleia

 17:47:01 <Gwaihir> #action pleia2 to update wiki pages and reference links

 17:47:01 * meetingology pleia2 to update wiki pages and reference links

 17:47:20 <Gwaihir> for the chair, I might to it again as well

 17:47:28 <Gwaihir> s/to it/do it

 17:48:04 <Gwaihir> if somebody else would like to do it at the last minute, I wouldn't block him/her :)

 17:48:13 <Gwaihir> so, be it

 17:48:22 <Gwaihir> #action Gwaihir to chair next time

 17:48:22 * meetingology Gwaihir to chair next time

 17:48:46 <Gwaihir> ok, that should be all folks

 17:48:52 <dholbach> awesome

 17:49:16 <cprofitt> thanks everyone!

 17:49:23 <Gwaihir> next meeting will be on 29th March, same time, same place as the last one :)

 17:49:23 <pleia2> thanks all

 17:49:29 <Gwaihir> thanks all!

 17:49:33 <Gwaihir> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)