#title #ubuntu-meeting Meeting

Meeting started by jono at 18:01:26 UTC.  The full logs are available at
http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2012/ubuntu-meeting.2012-09-06-18.01.log.html
.



== Meeting summary ==




Meeting ended at 18:34:57 UTC.



== Votes ==




== Action items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * jono (109)
 * cielak (47)
 * mfisch (27)
 * s-fox (12)
 * jaywink (5)
 * meetingology (3)
 * ubottu (1)



== Full Log ==


 18:01:26 <jono> #startmeeting

 18:01:26 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Sep  6 18:01:26 2012 UTC.  The chair is jono. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 18:01:26 <meetingology> 

 18:01:26 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 18:01:33 <jono> cielak, s-fox all set?

 18:01:36 <s-fox> yes

 18:01:39 <cielak> yup

 18:01:40 <jono> no mfisch it seems

 18:01:56 <jono> so I figured we could use this as an opportunity to discuss the release

 18:02:04 <jono> I have been a bit out of the loop due to travel recently

 18:02:19 <jono> cielak, what is your take on the maturity of the daemon/.

 18:02:21 <jono> ?

 18:02:29 <cielak> the daemon is fine

 18:02:51 <jono> it seems like all the bugs we wanted to fix are fixed

 18:02:53 <cielak> there is only one low-priority bug left

 18:03:01 <cielak> but it does not matter much

 18:03:01 <jono> that can wait until 0.4 I think

 18:03:07 <jono> what is your take on the viewer?

 18:03:14 <cielak> viewer is worse

 18:03:26 <cielak> apparently the Gtk spacing issue is still present

 18:03:42 <jono> right, but is this a release blocker?

 18:03:51 <jono> I see the spacing but there is not much spacing there

 18:04:02 <cielak> for mfisch all trophies are displaying in one collumn

 18:04:15 <jono> oh I see

 18:04:20 <jono> is he on Precise?

 18:04:22 <cielak> that looks very wrong

 18:04:28 <cielak> I am not sure, but that is probable

 18:04:51 <jono> we should fix this on Precise for sure

 18:05:08 <jono> I also need to test if the Quickly changes work on Precise - I have a branch, I just couldnt test it last week

 18:05:08 <s-fox> i have the same problem

 18:05:13 <jono> will test today on my Precise machine

 18:05:17 <jono> s-fox, are you on Precise?

 18:06:11 <s-fox> 12.04 jono

 18:06:15 <jono> s-fox, cool

 18:06:28 <jono> s-fox, can you do me a favor and check out https://code.launchpad.net/~jonobacon/ubuntu-accomplishments-viewer/quickly-upgrade-test and tell me it runs

 18:06:33 <jono> obviously start the viewer first

 18:06:35 <jono> oops

 18:06:40 <jono> start the daemon first

 18:07:12 <jono> so it seems when we fix the bug on Precise we get it in Quantal, and vice versa

 18:07:39 <cielak> looks like a gtk upgrade introduced that change

 18:07:41 <s-fox> i'll check it out after the meeting.

 18:08:39 <jono> cielak, ok, so this sounds like we need to take it to seb

 18:08:50 <jono> s-fox, if you can check that would be great and then I can commit the fix

 18:09:08 <mfisch> here!

 18:09:15 <jono> hey mfisch

 18:09:19 <cielak> hopefully that will be fixed quickly

 18:09:20 <jono> we are just discussing the spacing bug

 18:09:22 <cielak> hi mfisch :)

 18:09:25 <mfisch> ok

 18:09:32 <mfisch> jono: I think it should be fixed for 0.3

 18:09:45 <jono> mfisch, unfortunately it sounds like a GTK issue

 18:09:50 <jono> so we are blocking on it

 18:10:15 <jono> I wonder if it is https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/gtk+3.0/+bug/1036455

 18:10:17 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1036455 in gtk+3.0 (Ubuntu) "GTK Rendering Issue (potentially a ScrolledWindow problem)" [Undecided,Fix committed]

 18:10:22 <mfisch> but unfortunately I dont have any great solutions

 18:10:29 <cielak> but if this is a gtk issue that is present in quantal

 18:10:57 <cielak> then it is actually correct that we encounter this bug on quantal and not precise (which was the case before)

 18:11:14 <mfisch> I see it on precise now

 18:11:17 <mfisch> as of about 2 weeks ago

 18:11:17 <jono> cielak, right, so I guess we should get the code working for Precise and then try to get the bug fixed in Quantal

 18:11:38 <cielak> as quantal is not yet released, we may want to fix the issue in precise, and release a broken viewer in quantal

 18:11:52 <cielak> maybe the gtk bug fix will fix the already released viewer too

 18:11:54 <cielak> but if not

 18:12:04 <mfisch> is the issue that the space reserved for the icons is too large?

 18:12:13 <cielak> then it won't be a big matter, as quantal is not considered as stable

 18:12:23 <jono> cielak, agreed

 18:12:25 <cielak> there are two linked issues

 18:12:31 <jono> mfisch, you are on Precise?

 18:12:42 <mfisch> jono: yeah

 18:12:43 <jono> mfisch, can you do me a favor and check out https://code.launchpad.net/~jonobacon/ubuntu-accomplishments-viewer/quickly-upgrade-test and tell me it runs

 18:12:43 <cielak> reserved space being too large and icons displayed in a single column

 18:12:52 <mfisch> jono: yeah

 18:12:55 <jono> mfisch, that branch has my quickly upgrade changes in it

 18:12:57 <jono> thanks

 18:13:08 <jono> so it sounds like this is the only bug we need to fix before release

 18:13:20 <jono> ooh I need to also hide the web gallery prefs

 18:13:23 <cielak> we'll also need to disable some functionality

 18:13:25 <cielak> exactly

 18:13:27 <mfisch> did we discuss the other "high" bug in the viewer?

 18:13:29 <jono> I will do that today

 18:13:36 <jono> I have the test plan about ready to go too

 18:13:37 <cielak> and I need to suggest something concerning that disabling

 18:13:41 <jono> cielak, oh?

 18:13:54 <cielak> that we forked the code into separate series for 0.3 and trunk

 18:14:08 <cielak> so it would work this way:

 18:14:25 <cielak> 1) the code is forked into 0.3 branch and trunk branch

 18:14:36 <cielak> 2) the code in 0.3 branch has that functionality disabled

 18:14:52 <jono> cielak, yup

 18:14:52 <cielak> 3) after releasing 0.3 we work in trunk branch

 18:14:58 <jono> cielak, totally agree

 18:15:04 <jono> so why don't I fork the branches today

 18:15:05 <mfisch> for the viewer?

 18:15:08 <cielak> 4) when we want, we can return to 0.3 to release it again

 18:15:08 <mfisch> or everything

 18:15:13 <cielak> just the viewer

 18:15:20 <mfisch> ok

 18:15:24 <jono> cielak, well we probably want to fork for the daemon and viewer

 18:15:31 <cielak> for we do not plan to do any post-release changes in daemon

 18:15:32 <jono> so post release we can release a point release if needed

 18:15:36 <cielak> do we?

 18:15:47 <jono> I think it is unlikely, but forking won't hurt us

 18:15:51 <mfisch> agreed

 18:15:51 <cielak> true

 18:16:00 <jono> I don't think we need to fork UCA

 18:16:05 <mfisch> me either

 18:16:07 <jono> ok so one other update

 18:16:15 <jono> the RT ticket for t.u.c has been escalated

 18:16:19 <jono> they will be working on it soon

 18:16:20 <cielak> we don't use milestones for UCA anyway ;)

 18:16:26 <jono> cielak, indeed :-)

 18:16:49 <cielak> how about the ticket concerning ubuntu forums?

 18:16:59 <jono> cielak, I haven't seen any progress on that

 18:17:13 <jono> my priority right now is t.u.c so we can release a bunch of things

 18:17:28 <jono> if s-fox can keep on top of the other ticket, that would be great

 18:17:37 <cielak> but there is nothing to keep on

 18:17:57 <jono> cielak, I mean encouraging them to focus on

 18:18:04 <jono> IS often need reminding :-)

 18:18:13 <cielak> reminding or annoying?

 18:18:32 <jono> a little bit of both :-)

 18:18:43 <jono> ok, so it sounds like we need to do the following:

 18:18:55 <jono> * mfisch and s-fox test my branch with the quickly upgrades on Precise

 18:19:05 <cielak> is it that they lost our ticket in the flood of thousand other important issues, or do they intentionally do not want to work on that?

 18:19:10 <jono> * we need to fix viewer to work on Precise

 18:19:20 <jono> cielak, they are just busy with a 1000 other things

 18:19:26 <jono> IS is *always* oversubscribed

 18:19:39 <jono> they are a small team with a large amount of tickets

 18:20:19 <cielak> alright, then we can at least hope pushing them now and then will bring some results :)

 18:20:32 <jono> yeah, this is not the first time this has happened

 18:20:39 <jono> the good news is that the t.u.c stuff is progressing

 18:20:58 <jono> cielak, would you mind taking care of making the viewer work again on Precise?

 18:21:08 <mfisch> I have a viewer question too

 18:21:13 <jono> mfisch, shoot

 18:21:26 <mfisch> there's another viewer bug marked high:

 18:21:31 <mfisch> #1009637

 18:21:37 <mfisch> which I cannot repro

 18:21:42 <cielak> jono: to be honest, I have not given a detailed look into that gtk issue and might have trouble determining what was exactly the reason for it

 18:21:55 <jono> cielak, no worries, I will take a look at it

 18:21:55 <cielak> (I would also need to install precise somewhere)

 18:22:02 <jono> cielak,  I can take care of it

 18:22:08 <jono> I have a Precise machine

 18:22:22 <mfisch> I highly recommend installing virtualbox for this type of thing

 18:22:32 <mfisch> I may also be able to take a look

 18:22:40 <mfisch> but I'm no gtk expert

 18:23:07 <jono> cielak, oh I fixed that

 18:23:09 <jono> ops

 18:23:13 <jono> mfisch, I fixed that

 18:23:19 <mfisch> jono: I thought so

 18:23:34 <mfisch> since it's marked for a milestonr

 18:23:48 <jono> yup

 18:23:54 <jono> ok cool, so it sounds like we have a plan

 18:23:59 <jono> any other topics for discussion?

 18:24:12 <mfisch> do we have a release date in mind?

 18:24:17 <mfisch> or just after fixes and testing

 18:24:26 <cielak> there were some contributors that expressed enthusiasm concerning the meeting

 18:24:41 <jono> mfisch, I think if we have our final branches today

 18:24:52 <jono> and then do some testing tomorrow and over the weekend, we can release on Monday

 18:25:04 <jono> Monday works for me as I am out next week and the week after with work

 18:25:09 <jono> cielak, indeed

 18:25:11 <cielak> jaywink, kokoye, are you with us?

 18:25:59 <jaywink> cielak yeah here, sorry been able to only pay half attention

 18:26:05 <cielak> no problem

 18:26:07 <jaywink> our girl going to bed

 18:26:22 <cielak> you did mention you wanted to get involved in testing, right?

 18:26:28 <jaywink> yes pls :)

 18:26:32 <jono> jaywink, awesome!

 18:26:40 <jono> jaywink, so I am going to have a test plan ready soon

 18:26:51 <jono> which will have a collection of tests you can run and a place to add feedback

 18:26:56 <jono> could you do that over the weekend?

 18:27:08 <jaywink> sure

 18:27:22 <jono> jaywink, awesome, I will mail the mailing list when it is ready to go

 18:27:47 <jaywink> I can try with two computers, one is kinda more messy with lots of ppa's (mine) and one is a cleaner install (wife)

 18:27:56 <jono> sounds great

 18:27:56 <mfisch> jono: about this quickly branch, am I testing the build or functionality (or both)?

 18:27:58 <jono> thanks, jaywink!

 18:28:04 <jono> mfisch, both

 18:28:47 <jono> mfisch, I hope it works

 18:28:59 <jono> then we ca commit the  changes to trunk and it will work on both precise and quantal

 18:29:17 <jono> any other business for discussion?

 18:30:11 <s-fox> where are we at with the web gallery ?

 18:30:20 <s-fox> cielak said something about it not quite being ready

 18:30:34 <jono> s-fox, the web gallery is making good progress but we can't launch it until t.u.c is deployed

 18:30:38 <jono> same for the social media support

 18:30:39 <cielak> well, I meant that the canonical IS did not yet deploy it :)

 18:30:40 <s-fox> k

 18:31:08 <jono> s-fox, the good news is when they deploy it we will be all good to go

 18:31:29 <s-fox> oh, my forums accomplishments integration is still being ignored / stalled / whatever

 18:31:43 <jono> s-fox, as I mentioned earlier, can you keep pressuring them to focus on it?

 18:32:00 <jono> s-fox, have one more go and then I will escalate it if there is no action

 18:32:06 <s-fox> sort of disappointing to be hit with silence. beginning to give up.

 18:32:37 <s-fox> okay. i will send another email.

 18:32:45 <jono> s-fox, don't be disappointed, this is nothing personal

 18:32:52 <jono> IS have thousands of tickets to deal with

 18:33:07 <cielak> some are important, some are not ;)

 18:33:11 <jono> we will get there, it just takes a little perseverance at times :-)

 18:33:13 <jono> indeed

 18:33:14 <s-fox> i know, and i understand. i think it is a case of priorities with resources

 18:33:20 <jono> indeed

 18:33:30 <jono> s-fox, but the least they can do is give us an accurate estimation

 18:33:41 <jono> s-fox, press them for a response and lets see what they say

 18:33:49 <s-fox> it would be nice to hear something, even a no but maybe later would be nice

 18:33:49 <jono> thanks s-fox, I really appreciate it :-)

 18:34:28 <jono> alrighty, I think we are done

 18:34:50 <jono> thanks everyone, and thanks in particular to cielak and mfisch for taking care of things while I have been out of the office

 18:34:57 <jono> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)