#title #ubuntu-meeting Meeting

Meeting started by wendar at 16:00:03 UTC.  The full logs are available
at
http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2012/ubuntu-meeting.2012-01-06-16.00.log.html
.



== Meeting summary ==

''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ReleaseTeam/Meeting/2012-01-06   (skaet, 16:01:06)
''LINK:'' https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-January/thread.html   (skaet, 16:01:06)
''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/PrecisePangolin/ReleaseSchedule   (skaet, 16:01:11)
''LINK:'' http://fridge.ubuntu.com/calendars/ubuntu-release-calendar/   (skaet, 16:01:13)
''LINK:'' http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/kernel-bugs/reports/rls-p-tracking-bugs.html   (skaet, 16:01:19)
''LINK:'' http://status.ubuntu.com/ubuntu-precise/   (skaet, 16:01:44)
 *Hardware Certification team update - mlegris or brendand
''LINK:'' https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-January/000650.html   (mlegris, 16:02:40)

 *QA team update -  jibel
''LINK:'' https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-January/000660.html   (jibel, 16:04:32)
''LINK:'' https://jenkins.qa.ubuntu.com/job/precise-softwarecenter-amd64/16/testReport/   (jibel, 16:06:15)

 *Security team Q&A - mdeslaur
''LINK:'' https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-January/000648.html   (mdeslaur, 16:07:13)

 *Kernel team Q&A - ogasawara
''LINK:'' https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-January/000653.html   (ogasawara, 16:09:20)

 *Foundations team Q&A - cjwatson
''LINK:'' https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-January/000656.html   (cjwatson, 16:10:54)

 *Server team Q&A - Daviey
''LINK:'' https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-January/000655.html   (wendar, 16:15:27)
''LINK:'' https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-January/000655.html   (Daviey, 16:15:37)

 *ARM team Q&A-  ogra_
''LINK:'' https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-January/000662.html   (ogra_, 16:19:17)

 *Linaro team Q&A - fabo or rsalveti
''LINK:'' https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-January/000658.html   (fabo, 16:20:53)

 *Ubuntu One Team Q&A -  joshuahoover
''LINK:'' https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-January/000649.html   (wendar, 16:22:53)

 *Desktop Team Q&A  - pitti

 *DX Team Q&A - dbarth

 *Desktop Systems Team  Q&A - olli

 *Kubuntu Team Q&A - Riddell

 *Edubuntu Team Q&A - stgraber or highvoltage
''LINK:'' https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-January/000651.html   (highvoltage, 16:32:30)

 *Xubuntu Team Q&A - madnick or charlie-tca

 *Ubuntu Studio Team Q&A - scott-work

 *Lubuntu Team Q&A - gilir
''LINK:'' https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-January/000661.html   (gilir, 16:40:07)

 *MOTU Team Q&A - tumbleweed or Laney

 *Any other business, comments,  questions?



Meeting ended at 16:44:50 UTC.



== Votes ==




== Action items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * skaet (42)
 * wendar (33)
 * ogra_ (16)
 * cjwatson (9)
 * Daviey (9)
 * jibel (9)
 * stgraber (8)
 * mdeslaur (8)
 * pitti (8)
 * highvoltage (7)
 * tumbleweed (6)
 * ogasawara (6)
 * dbarth_ (5)
 * mlegris (5)
 * gilir (4)
 * fabo (4)
 * Riddell (3)
 * meetingology (3)
 * xliu (1)



== Full Log ==


 16:00:03 <wendar> #startmeeting

 16:00:03 <meetingology> Meeting started Fri Jan  6 16:00:03 2012 UTC.  The chair is wendar. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/AlanBell/mootbot.

 16:00:03 <meetingology> 

 16:00:03 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 16:00:07 <jibel> hi o/

 16:00:29 <skaet> hi all, and happy new year

 16:00:47 <skaet> I have to disappear part way through so wendar will be chairing.

 16:00:56 <xliu> you too！

 16:01:06 <skaet> .

 16:01:06 <skaet> Agenda can be found:

 16:01:06 <skaet> #link https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ReleaseTeam/Meeting/2012-01-06

 16:01:06 <skaet> Individual team status links will be added to it from:

 16:01:06 <skaet> #link https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-January/thread.html

 16:01:07 <skaet> .

 16:01:09 <skaet> Schedule is at:

 16:01:11 <skaet> #link https://wiki.ubuntu.com/PrecisePangolin/ReleaseSchedule

 16:01:13 <skaet> #link http://fridge.ubuntu.com/calendars/ubuntu-release-calendar/

 16:01:15 <skaet> .

 16:01:17 <skaet> Bugs committed to be fixed by the engineering teams can be found:

 16:01:19 <skaet> #link http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/kernel-bugs/reports/rls-p-tracking-bugs.html

 16:01:21 <skaet> Bugs that you would like the engineering teams to consider for fixing, should be assigned to specific teams, so they can be found.

 16:01:24 <skaet> .

 16:01:26 <skaet> Upcoming Dates:

 16:01:28 <skaet> � 2012/01/09 - DebianImportFreeze

 16:01:32 <skaet> � 2012/02/02 - Alpha 2

 16:01:34 <skaet> � 2012/02/16 - FeatureFreeze

 16:01:36 <skaet> � 2012/02/16 - 10.04.4

 16:01:38 <skaet> .

 16:01:40 <skaet> ***WORKITEMS:***   Please help get us back under the trend line!

 16:01:42 <skaet> Over the holidays, we've drifted significantly above it on the overall.

 16:01:44 <skaet> #link http://status.ubuntu.com/ubuntu-precise/

 16:01:46 <skaet> There are now  2541 work items (up from 2319 last month, originally 2084 on 2011/11/25), so figuring out now what is not going to happen in the next 6 weeks, and indicating blocked and postponed, would be much appreciated.

 16:01:50 <skaet> I'll be following up with individual teams on some of the more concerning ones next week.

 16:01:52 <skaet> .

 16:01:54 <skaet> Also, I'll have to leave for the airport part way through, so wendar will be chairing the rest of the meeting.   Questions?

 16:01:57 <skaet> ..

 16:02:05 * skaet looks around for any question?

 16:02:21 <skaet> wendar,  can you start us into the round table now.  :)

 16:02:38 <wendar> [TOPIC] Hardware Certification team update - mlegris or brendand

 16:02:40 <mlegris> [LINK] https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-January/000650.html

 16:03:01 <mlegris> updated a1 testing, no major issues found

 16:03:05 <mlegris> any questions?

 16:03:17 * skaet glad to hear no major issues found.  :)

 16:03:32 <mlegris> \o/

 16:03:53 <mlegris> ..

 16:04:01 <wendar> [TOPIC] QA team update -  jibel

 16:04:32 <jibel> https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-January/000660.html

 16:05:12 <skaet> jibel, what does the overall health of the daily images look like?

 16:05:23 <jibel> in term of installability/upgradability Precise is good.

 16:05:25 <jibel> bug in pygobject that crashed ubiquity fixed by pitti

 16:05:40 <jibel> results of daily smoke testing https://jenkins.qa.ubuntu.com/view/Precise%20ISO%20Testing%20Dashboard/view/Daily/?

 16:06:14 <jibel> we started automated package testing with software-center

 16:06:15 <jibel> https://jenkins.qa.ubuntu.com/job/precise-softwarecenter-amd64/16/testReport/

 16:06:36 <jibel> ..

 16:06:49 <skaet> Thanks jibel. :)

 16:06:51 <skaet> ..

 16:06:55 <wendar> [TOPIC] Security team Q&A - mdeslaur

 16:07:08 <mdeslaur> hi!

 16:07:13 <mdeslaur> [LINK] https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-January/000648.html

 16:07:21 <mdeslaur> we've been doing reactive work mostly

 16:07:29 <mdeslaur> so blueprints haven't been work on so much

 16:07:39 <mdeslaur> but next week, we intend on dedicating the whole sprint to doing work items

 16:07:46 <mdeslaur> that's it!

 16:07:52 <mdeslaur> ..

 16:08:48 <skaet> Thanks mdeslaur.  :)

 16:09:10 <wendar> [TOPIC] Kernel team Q&A - ogasawara

 16:09:20 <ogasawara> [LINK] https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-January/000653.html

 16:09:21 <ogasawara> I forgot to mention that now that we've rebased to v3.2 final, we'll

 16:09:21 <ogasawara> continue to pull in v3.2.x stable updates through Kernel Freeze.

 16:09:21 <ogasawara> Everything else I covered in my email.

 16:09:29 <ogasawara> Questions?

 16:09:30 <ogasawara> ..

 16:10:31 <wendar> [TOPIC] Foundations team Q&A - cjwatson

 16:10:54 <cjwatson> https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-January/000656.html

 16:11:13 <cjwatson> Work item status: fairly grim.  Unfortunately I won't be at the rally so relying on slangasek to sort things out with people there :-)

 16:11:33 <cjwatson> (I suspect there's still a fair amount of low-hanging fruit, though)

 16:12:02 <cjwatson> Not much else, hope people had a good Christmas etc.

 16:12:03 <cjwatson> ..

 16:13:04 <wendar> [TOPIC] Server team Q&A - Daviey

 16:14:55 <Daviey> Hello!

 16:15:06 <Daviey> Sorry, I am currently in a call.. sorry for the delay

 16:15:09 <Daviey> Any questions for me?

 16:15:27 <wendar> [LINK] https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-January/000655.html

 16:15:37 <Daviey> https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-January/000655.html

 16:15:42 <Daviey> thaks wendar :)

 16:16:05 <Daviey> Any bugs not on http://status.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/ubuntu-server/release-bugs.html, which people think should be?

 16:18:06 * skaet needs to study and cross corellate... after the meeting.

 16:18:23 <skaet> ..?

 16:18:58 <Daviey> ..

 16:19:00 <Daviey> thanks :)

 16:19:09 <wendar> [TOPIC] ARM team Q&A-  ogra_

 16:19:14 <ogra_> oh, me !

 16:19:17 <ogra_> https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-January/000662.html

 16:19:49 <ogra_> beyond that i have to add that merging of the GLES patches into nux, compiz and unity has started and we hope that it will work by end of the sprint

 16:20:00 <ogra_> but i guess dbarth_ can elaborate on that later :)

 16:20:01 <ogra_> ..

 16:20:04 <skaet> ogra_ can you look at marking those items blocked by lack of hardware, as blocked next week?

 16:20:22 <ogra_> skaet, i think NCommander did already, but i'll check

 16:20:29 <ogra_> ..

 16:20:36 <skaet> Thanks ogra_

 16:20:39 <skaet> ..

 16:20:42 <wendar> [TOPIC] Linaro team Q&A - fabo or rsalveti

 16:20:50 <fabo> hi

 16:20:53 <fabo> [LINK] https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-January/000658.html

 16:21:10 <fabo> hope to have our armhf images this month

 16:21:12 <fabo> ..

 16:21:37 <dbarth_> hi

 16:21:51 <dbarth_> (oops too early)

 16:22:01 <ogra_> :)

 16:22:02 <ogra_> ..

 16:22:30 <wendar> [TOPIC] Ubuntu One Team Q&A -  joshuahoover

 16:22:53 <wendar> [LINK] https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-January/000649.html

 16:23:13 <wendar> (he's not in channel)

 16:23:23 <wendar> [TOPIC] Desktop Team Q&A  - pitti

 16:24:35 <pitti> my blurb is at https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-January/000654.html

 16:24:37 <pitti> the third bug in that list got fixed today

 16:24:39 <pitti> echoing cjwatson's sentiment about OMG work item overflow, target for next week

 16:24:41 <pitti> any questions?

 16:24:43 <pitti> ..

 16:24:51 <pitti> (sorry for the lag)

 16:24:59 <cjwatson> one of my work items has taken at least a week so far :-(

 16:25:25 <pitti> for me, there's always bugs and mail getting in the way..

 16:25:43 <cjwatson> yep, death by reactivity

 16:26:08 <ogra_> stop answering, that will teach them !

 16:26:09 <ogra_> :)

 16:26:16 <highvoltage> :)

 16:26:36 * wendar finds that tempting :)

 16:26:52 <wendar> [TOPIC] DX Team Q&A - dbarth

 16:27:02 <dbarth_> summary for the week at the usual: wiki.ubuntu.com/DesktopExperienceTeam/ReleaseStatus

 16:27:24 <dbarth_> since then the SRU made its way into the ubuntu-desktop archive for testing

 16:27:27 <dbarth_> ..

 16:28:06 <wendar> [TOPIC] Desktop Systems Team  Q&A - olli

 16:29:24 <wendar> (also not in channel)

 16:29:26 <wendar> [TOPIC] Kubuntu Team Q&A - Riddell

 16:30:09 <Riddell> hi

 16:30:29 <Riddell> nothing to add to the report

 16:30:29 <Riddell> ..

 16:31:09 <wendar> any questions on Kubuntu?

 16:32:06 <wendar> [TOPIC] Edubuntu Team Q&A - stgraber or highvoltage

 16:32:28 <highvoltage> Howdy! Happy new year from the Edubuntu team!

 16:32:30 <highvoltage> https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-January/000651.html

 16:32:37 * stgraber waves

 16:32:40 <highvoltage> Any questions? fire away!

 16:32:45 <highvoltage> ah stgraber made it :)

 16:33:00 <highvoltage> ..

 16:33:17 <tumbleweed> glad to see someone doing the wxwidgets merge :)

 16:33:30 <stgraber> yeah, LOTS of fun...

 16:33:31 <highvoltage> tumbleweed: it practically took stgraber's whole day

 16:33:41 * tumbleweed started it one night, and changed my mind

 16:34:02 <ogra_> did you run out of tranquilizers ?

 16:34:04 <stgraber> I "think" my 10th build is pretty good, just need to finish diffing the binary packages to make sure I didn't miss anything

 16:34:39 <stgraber> number 9 worked fine even though it contained a bunch of gcc fatal error and was missing files... yeah for proper error checking

 16:34:51 <stgraber> oh, and debian/rules is over a thousand lines long :)

 16:34:52 <ogra_> just make sure it works on armhf :)

 16:35:36 <stgraber> anyway, once merged we should be down to just a build option change, an extra build-dep and a patch to maintain on top of Debian, so that'll be your standard 5 minutes merge

 16:36:04 <tumbleweed> great

 16:36:09 <stgraber> ok, I guess that's enough complaining about wxwidgets2.8 :)

 16:36:10 <stgraber> ..

 16:36:44 <wendar> [TOPIC] Xubuntu Team Q&A - madnick or charlie-tca

 16:39:03 <wendar> [TOPIC] Ubuntu Studio Team Q&A - scott-work

 16:39:42 <wendar> (not in channel)

 16:39:44 <wendar> [TOPIC] Lubuntu Team Q&A - gilir

 16:39:49 <gilir> hi :)

 16:40:07 <gilir> [LINK] https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-January/000661.html

 16:40:16 <gilir> nothing to add :)

 16:40:18 <gilir> ..

 16:40:45 <wendar> [TOPIC] MOTU Team Q&A - tumbleweed or Laney

 16:41:01 <tumbleweed> hi, nothing here really. Happy new year everyone

 16:41:02 <tumbleweed> ..

 16:41:48 <wendar> And, that's the last one.

 16:41:51 <wendar> [TOPIC] Any other business, comments,  questions?

 16:43:01 <Daviey> not ehre!

 16:43:43 <wendar> Alrighty. For those who are rallied next week, Kate's reserved a room so you can gather in person for the release meeting.

 16:44:02 <cjwatson> Will there be videoconferencing to that (G+)?

 16:44:03 <wendar> Thanks mlegris, jibel, mdeslaur, ogasawara, cjwatson, Daviey, ogra_, fabo, pitti, dbarth, Riddell, highvoltage, stgraber, gilir, and tumbleweed!

 16:44:09 <ogra_> thanks wendar !

 16:44:11 <wendar> And happy new year to all!

 16:44:12 <tumbleweed> w00t for 45min meeting!

 16:44:17 <ogra_> \o/

 16:44:18 <mdeslaur> thanks!

 16:44:25 <pitti> thanks all, have a nice weekend!

 16:44:31 <wendar> cjwatson: We can probably set it up, I'll check with skaet.

 16:44:35 <ogra_> tumbleweed, well, taget was 30min ... but we're getting closer :)

 16:44:37 <jibel> thanks wendar  !

 16:44:43 <cjwatson> that'd be good

 16:44:50 <wendar> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/AlanBell/mootbot)