#title #ubuntu-meeting Meeting

Meeting started by jdstrand at 18:00:25 UTC.  The full logs are
available at
http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2012/ubuntu-meeting.2012-04-09-18.00.log.html
.



== Meeting summary ==

''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting   (jdstrand, 18:01:27)
 *Weekly stand-up report

 *Highlighted packages
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/mapserver.html   (jdstrand, 18:16:16)
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/bozohttpd.html   (jdstrand, 18:16:19)
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/beanstalkd.html   (jdstrand, 18:16:22)
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/ipmitool.html   (jdstrand, 18:16:25)
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/libipc-pubsub-perl.html   (jdstrand, 18:16:28)

 *Miscellaneous and Questions



Meeting ended at 18:23:48 UTC.



== Votes ==




== Action items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * jdstrand (36)
 * sbeattie (10)
 * jjohansen (10)
 * tyhicks (6)
 * micahg (3)
 * meetingology (3)



== Full Log ==


 18:00:25 <jdstrand> #startmeeting

 18:00:25 <meetingology> Meeting started Mon Apr  9 18:00:25 2012 UTC.  The chair is jdstrand. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 18:00:25 <meetingology> 

 18:00:25 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 18:00:29 <jdstrand> hi!

 18:00:36 * jjohansen \o

 18:00:38 <tyhicks> Hello

 18:00:55 * sbeattie o/

 18:00:58 <micahg> o/

 18:01:26 <jdstrand> The meeting agenda can be found at:

 18:01:27 <jdstrand> [LINK] https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting

 18:01:57 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Weekly stand-up report

 18:02:00 <jdstrand> I'll go first

 18:02:19 <jdstrand> I'm in the happy place this week

 18:02:53 <jdstrand> I am doing some apparmor documentation for mount rules so it can be included in the next apparmor upload

 18:03:11 <jdstrand> I plan to finish my MIR audits this week

 18:03:25 <sbeattie> jdstrand: until the server team adds some more? :-)

 18:03:25 <jdstrand> I am down to 2 for the server team. 2 others I may punt on

 18:03:31 <jdstrand> sbeattie: dude :P

 18:03:44 <jdstrand> 1 of those 2 is half-done

 18:04:00 <jdstrand> I then need to do all the performance review stuff for everyone

 18:04:09 <jdstrand> there is an embargoed issue I am working on

 18:05:00 <jdstrand> I need to move to install audits after that. if by some chance there is more time, I might get back to some of my assigned updates

 18:05:25 <jdstrand> mdeslaur: is on vacation today and friday, and next week. I know he is working on some pending updates

 18:05:34 <jdstrand> sbeattie: you're up

 18:05:42 <sbeattie> I'm on triage this week

 18:06:25 <sbeattie> I'm working on fixing more apparmor bugs, though I've submitted fixes upstream for the ones targeted for release.

 18:06:50 <sbeattie> I expect we should upload an updated package today or tomorrow

 18:06:58 <jdstrand> sbeattie: I agree

 18:07:21 <sbeattie> and then anything further should get staged for an SRU

 18:07:24 <jdstrand> we want to get as much as we can in for final freeze. other bug fixes of yours that don't make it can be SRUd (if needed)

 18:07:31 <jdstrand> heh, yes :)

 18:08:06 <sbeattie> I think that's it for me

 18:08:21 <sbeattie> micahg: you're up

 18:09:08 <micahg> I have a short week (off Friday), I have another chromium update, and am still working on the stuff from last week (thunderbird stable release migration and webkit stable release migration)

 18:09:37 <micahg> I think that's it for me

 18:09:45 <tyhicks> I'm in the happy place this week

 18:10:11 <tyhicks> I took an embargoed issue late last week that I'm currently finishing up

 18:10:45 <tyhicks> That kept me from getting to my upstream eCryptfs todo list, so I'll focus on that after I get the embargoed update out and before I take another update this week

 18:11:05 <tyhicks> That's all I've got

 18:11:07 <tyhicks> jjohansen: you're up

 18:11:16 <jjohansen> I need to finish up with work on several bugs, 959560, 959352, 969228, 970647, 968956, 955892, 921000, 974616, some are already only going to happen for SRU, but I'd like to get some of them into the next upload.

 18:11:21 <jjohansen> Beyond that I need to finish writing the rough draft/info for mount rules.

 18:11:30 <jjohansen> release Beta5

 18:11:45 <jjohansen> and finish up outstanding work items

 18:12:16 <jjohansen> I think thats it from me

 18:12:20 <sbeattie> jjohansen: let me know what I need to review and help with.

 18:12:53 <jjohansen> sbeattie: will do, I would like to hear your thoughts on the extension of the test suite, I posted last week

 18:13:07 * jjohansen has been using it to create some regression tests

 18:13:24 <sbeattie> jjohansen: okay, I'll respond on list for that.

 18:13:31 <jjohansen> thanks

 18:15:53 <jjohansen> jdstrand: back to you

 18:16:05 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Highlighted packages

 18:16:16 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/mapserver.html

 18:16:19 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/bozohttpd.html

 18:16:22 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/beanstalkd.html

 18:16:25 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/ipmitool.html

 18:16:28 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/libipc-pubsub-perl.html

 18:16:50 <jdstrand> The Ubuntu Security team will highlight some community-supported packages that might be good candidates for updating and or triaging. If you would like to help Ubuntu and not sure where to start, this is a great way to do so.

 18:16:54 <jdstrand> See https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/UpdateProcedures for details and if you have any questions, feel free to ask in #ubuntu-security. To find out other ways of helping out, please see https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/GettingInvolved.

 18:17:02 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Miscellaneous and Questions

 18:17:34 <jdstrand> be sure to participate in Ubuntu desktop ISO testing on Thursdays from now til release following the email I forwarded to you. This is considered vitally important for all of UE. Feel free to ask questions outside of the meeting

 18:17:45 <jdstrand> please make sure to complete peer reviews by EOD on Wednesday, if you haven't already

 18:18:16 <jdstrand> also, we should start our UDS planning (hard to believe it is so close!)

 18:18:30 <jdstrand> I'll create a wiki page for us to start brain dumping

 18:18:44 <jdstrand> Does anyone have any other questions or items to discuss?

 18:23:44 <jdstrand> sbeattie, micahg, tyhicks, jjohansen: thanks!

 18:23:48 <jdstrand> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)