#title #ubuntu-meeting Meeting

Meeting started by jdstrand at 18:02:07 UTC.  The full logs are
available at
http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2012/ubuntu-meeting.2012-11-19-18.02.log.html
.



== Meeting summary ==

''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting   (jdstrand, 18:02:36)
 *Weekly stand-up report

 *Highlighted packages
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/freeciv.html   (jdstrand, 18:13:54)
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/ziproxy.html   (jdstrand, 18:13:56)
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/glusterfs.html   (jdstrand, 18:13:59)
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/smarty3.html   (jdstrand, 18:14:02)
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/pgbouncer.html   (jdstrand, 18:14:05)

 *Miscellaneous and Questions



Meeting ended at 18:18:20 UTC.



== Votes ==




== Action items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * jdstrand (23)
 * mdeslaur (12)
 * sarnold (7)
 * sbeattie (6)
 * tyhicks (6)
 * micahg (5)
 * jjohansen (5)
 * meetingology (3)



== Full Log ==


 18:02:07 <jdstrand> #startmeeting

 18:02:07 <meetingology> Meeting started Mon Nov 19 18:02:07 2012 UTC.  The chair is jdstrand. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 18:02:07 <meetingology> 

 18:02:07 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 18:02:35 <jdstrand> The meeting agenda can be found at:

 18:02:36 <jdstrand> [LINK] https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting

 18:02:45 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Weekly stand-up report

 18:02:49 <jdstrand> I'll go first

 18:03:09 <mdeslaur> hi!

 18:03:10 <jdstrand> it is a short week for me. I'm off Thu and Fri

 18:03:59 <jdstrand> I'm on triage

 18:04:19 <jdstrand> I have a pending update and a small regression fix I need to do for python-django

 18:04:39 <jdstrand> I also am working on packaging for secure boot db/dbx updates

 18:04:51 <jdstrand> I think that is it for me

 18:04:55 <jdstrand> mdeslaur: you're up

 18:05:09 <mdeslaur> I'm on community this week

 18:05:23 <mdeslaur> and I'm currently working on a python-keyring fix, that is turning into a can of worms

 18:05:33 <mdeslaur> I've almost caught all the worms though

 18:05:46 <mdeslaur> after that, I'll continue going down the list

 18:05:56 <mdeslaur> I have a virt-manager work item I hope to poke at this week too

 18:05:59 <mdeslaur> that's it for me

 18:06:01 <mdeslaur> sbeattie: you're up

 18:06:20 <sbeattie> I have a short week this week, I'm off weds through fri

 18:06:38 <sbeattie> I'm still poking at the display manager apparmor stuff

 18:07:08 <sbeattie> I also am slowly reviewing jjohansen's parser patches

 18:07:16 <sbeattie> that's it for me

 18:07:37 <sbeattie> tyhicks: I think micahg's not here at the moment, so you're up

 18:07:42 <micahg> no, I'm here

 18:07:48 <sbeattie> oops, sorry

 18:08:06 <micahg> I've got the Mozilla releases tomorrow and then webkit

 18:08:12 <micahg> and short week (off Thu)

 18:08:16 <micahg> tyhicks: you're up

 18:08:26 <tyhicks> Short week for me as I'm off Thursday and Friday

 18:08:48 <tyhicks> I'm finally wrapping up the audit debdiff for the audit MIR

 18:09:08 <tyhicks> I have a small bit of testing left for the ecryptfs-utils SRU (didn't make much progress on it last week)

 18:09:19 <tyhicks> and the apparmor dbus work

 18:09:21 <tyhicks> that's it

 18:09:24 <tyhicks> jjohansen: you're up

 18:09:26 <jjohansen> short week for me as well, I am off Thursday and Friday

 18:10:04 <jjohansen> I am going to finish getting the latest revision of the new interface and rcu locking work up for people to look at and play with (sticking it in a ppa)

 18:10:44 <jjohansen> and then I will try to get the labeling part of the stacking work up for people to play with before the end of the week

 18:10:56 <mdeslaur> bunch of turkey eaters

 18:11:02 <jjohansen> that is it for me, sarnold your up

 18:11:09 <jjohansen> Mmmmm turkey

 18:11:28 <sarnold> short week for me, off thursday, will be eating mashed potatos and who knows what else... mmm.

 18:12:08 * micahg won't be having turkey, but that's another story

 18:12:12 <sarnold> still working on the perl update, some new tests added with cgi.pm security patches are failing during builds, it will take some investigation, as the problem wasn't obvious.

 18:12:47 <sarnold> I'll answer the testing team's question about uinput today, here's hoping that simple facl are sufficient..

 18:13:06 <sarnold> slightly off-topic, I installed my pandaboard this weekend :) fun little thing.

 18:13:18 <sarnold> jdstrand: here's the token!

 18:13:21 <mdeslaur> sarnold: let me know if you get stuck with the perl stuff

 18:13:27 <sarnold> mdeslaur: thanks

 18:13:36 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Highlighted packages

 18:13:40 <jdstrand> The Ubuntu Security team will highlight some community-supported packages that might be good candidates for updating and or triaging. If you would like to help Ubuntu and not sure where to start, this is a great way to do so.

 18:13:45 <jdstrand> See https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/UpdateProcedures for details and if you have any questions, feel free to ask in #ubuntu-security. To find out other ways of helping out, please see https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/GettingInvolved.

 18:13:54 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/freeciv.html

 18:13:56 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/ziproxy.html

 18:13:59 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/glusterfs.html

 18:14:02 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/smarty3.html

 18:14:05 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/pgbouncer.html

 18:14:11 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Miscellaneous and Questions

 18:14:11 <mdeslaur> sarnold: I believe the old thinkfinger packages used to override permissions for uinput, maybe you can take a look at that

 18:14:19 <jdstrand> Does anyone have any other questions or items to discuss?

 18:15:34 <sarnold> mdeslaur: ooh, quite old, edgy. :) thanks.

 18:17:02 <mdeslaur> sarnold: could have been in a ubuntu-specific patch also, can't remember

 18:18:17 <jdstrand> mdeslaur, sbeattie, micahg, tyhicks, jjohansen, sarnold: thanks!

 18:18:20 <jdstrand> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)