#title #ubuntu-meeting Meeting

Meeting started by slangasek at 16:03:10 UTC.  The full logs are
available at
http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2012/ubuntu-meeting.2012-11-07-16.03.log.html
.



== Meeting summary ==

 *lightning round

 *Bugs
''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/quantal-updates-bug-tasks.html   (bdmurray, 16:24:08)

 *AOB



Meeting ended at 16:34:49 UTC.



== Votes ==




== Action items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * slangasek (35)
 * ogra_ (32)
 * stgraber (25)
 * cjwatson (24)
 * bdmurray (19)
 * ubottu (17)
 * stokachu (13)
 * xnox (13)
 * infinity (10)
 * barry (10)
 * ev (10)
 * jodh (8)
 * doko (8)
 * meetingology (3)
 * hggdh (1)



== Full Log ==


 16:03:10 <slangasek> #startmeeting

 16:03:10 <meetingology> Meeting started Wed Nov  7 16:03:10 2012 UTC.  The chair is slangasek. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:03:10 <meetingology> 

 16:03:10 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 16:03:11 <ogra_> \o//

 16:03:47 <slangasek> [TOPIC] lightning round

 16:03:50 <slangasek> $ echo $(shuf -e barry doko stgraber jodh ev bdmurray slangasek ogra infinity cjwatson xnox stokachu)

 16:03:53 <slangasek> bdmurray stokachu cjwatson ogra ev barry doko slangasek jodh infinity xnox stgraber

 16:04:17 <doko> hi

 16:04:30 <bdmurray> uploaded ubuntu-release-upgrader fix for bug 1067393 to raring

 16:04:30 <bdmurray> uploaded apport fix for bug 1039220 to precise

 16:04:31 <bdmurray> uploaded update-manager fix for bug 1060353 to oneiric

 16:04:31 <bdmurray> SRU verification of bug 875879 regarding aptdaemon

 16:04:33 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1067393 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu) "using a local mirror and an official mirror of -backports does not work" [Medium,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1067393

 16:04:36 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1039220 in apport (Ubuntu Precise) "don't report crashes for programs that don't match the file on disk (like for kernel crashes)" [Medium,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1039220

 16:04:37 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1060353 in update-manager (Ubuntu Oneiric) "DistUpgradeApport.py causes an apport assertion error" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1060353

 16:04:38 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 875879 in aptdaemon (Ubuntu Precise) "update-manager crashed with AttributeError in show_diff(): 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'group'" [High,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/875879

 16:04:40 <bdmurray> SRU verification of bug 1039220 regarding apport and precise

 16:04:41 <bdmurray> SRU verification of bug 1066445, 1065806, 964674

 16:04:41 <bdmurray> reported ubuntu-release-upgrader bug 1071388

 16:04:45 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1065806 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu Quantal) "diff window is too small on upgrade" [High,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1065806

 16:04:47 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1066445 in apt (Ubuntu Quantal) "apt-get crashed with SIGSEGV in pkgCacheGenerator::ListParser::NewProvides()" [Critical,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1066445

 16:04:48 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 964674 in update-manager (Ubuntu Precise) "update-manager fails to display an error message" [High,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/964674

 16:04:49 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1071388 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu Quantal) "UnicodeDecodeError in askYesNoQuestion of DistUpgradeViewText.py" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1071388

 16:04:55 <bdmurray> modifiied arsenal to do milestone searching

 16:04:55 <bdmurray> created arsenal report for (quantal|precise)-updates targetted bug reports

 16:04:58 <bdmurray> wrote up foundations-r-sru-queue-velocity blueprint

 16:05:07 <bdmurray> ✔ done

 16:07:11 <cjwatson> is stokachu here?

 16:07:16 <cjwatson> otherwise I can go on ...

 16:07:30 <stokachu> yea sorry

 16:07:47 <stokachu> cjwatson: go ahead im still working on my changes

 16:07:59 <cjwatson> ok

 16:08:03 <cjwatson> Fixed handling of library transitions in proposed-to-release migration code.

 16:08:07 <cjwatson> Babysat various bits of said migration to ensure that complex transitions work properly.

 16:08:10 <cjwatson> Part-way through backporting UEFI Secure Boot support to 12.04.2 (bug 1075181).  I've uploaded grub2 and base-installer to precise-proposed; I probably need grub2 to be processed before I can get much further here.

 16:08:13 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1075181 in linux-signed (Ubuntu Precise) "Backport UEFI Secure Boot support for Ubuntu 12.04.2" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1075181

 16:08:15 <cjwatson> Sorted out some raring image build failures.

 16:08:17 <cjwatson> Adjusted ubiquity in raring to support dynamically constructing the unsigned kernel based on the signed kernel, to save space.

 16:08:21 <cjwatson> ..

 16:08:28 <cjwatson> incidentally OMG the grub2 backport was a lot of patches

 16:09:01 <cjwatson> I ended up with a "stuff I need to support all these other changes" patch

 16:09:09 <infinity> cjwatson: Oh, I was asleep when binutils transitioned, did that require manual intervention to remove the NBS linux-tools-ac100, or does that magically DTRT now?

 16:09:16 <cjwatson> infinity: DTRT

 16:09:20 <infinity> \o/

 16:09:37 <cjwatson> oh, there might have ended up being an NBS in the release pocket actually

 16:09:42 <cjwatson> but it migrated without intervention

 16:09:59 <infinity> Right, NBS cruft in release is less worrying than having to pre-emptively remove it to allow the transition.

 16:10:07 <slangasek> stokachu: ready yet? or should we continue on?

 16:10:30 * ogra_ is fine to go now if needed

 16:10:32 <stokachu> slangasek: go ahead i was talking to brian about a patch i did

 16:10:36 <ogra_> done:

 16:10:37 <ogra_> * uploaded tegra3 drivers to raring

 16:10:37 <ogra_> * fixed a few bugs for nexus7 (and worked through the list)

 16:10:37 <ogra_> * researched wlan options (there are three drivers, the one that works OOTB has a weird license though)

 16:10:37 <ogra_> * tried to get the camera on the nexus7 to work with no success so far

 16:10:38 <ogra_> * looked into creating sparse images with ext2simg instead of make_ext4fs

 16:10:39 <slangasek> stokachu: ok, let us know when you're ready

 16:10:40 <ogra_> using the former results in significantly bigger images though which will cause install problems

 16:10:42 <ogra_> * sorted out blueprints and WIs

 16:10:43 <ogra_> * blocked on not having a kernel package in the archive yet for implementing nexus7 image builds

 16:10:45 <ogra_> todo:

 16:10:47 <ogra_> * implement the nexus7 image builds

 16:10:49 <ogra_> * more WI cleanup

 16:10:51 <ogra_> * try to find a home for desktop-r-rebuild-gl-games-for-gles

 16:10:53 <ogra_> (currently desktop, but somehow the content is rather community i think)

 16:10:55 <ogra_> * merges

 16:10:59 <ogra_> * fix various flash-kernel bugs (kernel downgrades are not supported since 3.x came from debian,

 16:11:02 <ogra_> that always causes support)

 16:11:03 <ogra_> ..

 16:11:15 <ev> - Short week; UDS.

 16:11:16 <ev> - Taking my learnings of juju best practices from UDS hallway discussions and crafting a solution to our database schema race condition. Canonistack is being particularly uncooperative this week, so this has been slow to test.

 16:11:16 <ev> - Further debugging of the RabbitMQ charm bug where the wrong hook gets called and we don't get a username or password from the server.

 16:11:16 <ev> - Reworking a lot of error tracker developer documentation to make it better organised and easier to read through (I had complaints that the massive wall of text made people want to 'gouge out their eyes').

 16:11:16 <ev> - Got permission from webops to publish the canonistack setup on the Ubuntu wiki. It was also suggested that I provide EC2 instructions, so I'll have to start using my monthly credit for that.

 16:11:16 <ev> - Investigated why the retracers are all hanging. It turns out to be a ddebs.ubuntu.com issue, which pitti seems to have fixed.

 16:11:17 <ev> - Verified the 12.10 USB disk for the Ubuntu store.

 16:11:21 <ev> (done)

 16:11:50 <barry> uds, vacation, dead machine.  back at work today.  done.

 16:11:51 <slangasek> ogra_: is a nexus7 kernel package pending?  does the kernel team know you're waiting?

 16:11:58 <stokachu> ok i just got 2 things

 16:12:07 <stokachu> patch for bug 1013798, needs metadata in patch itself

 16:12:07 <stokachu> patch for bug 1036834 completed for precise properly

 16:12:09 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1013798 in libgcrypt11 (Ubuntu Raring) "Blink SIP client segfaults with libgcrypt11 1.5.0-3ubuntu0.1" [Critical,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1013798

 16:12:10 <stokachu> done

 16:12:11 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1036834 in gdb (Ubuntu Precise) "[FFe] gdb should be marked "Multi-arch: allowed"" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1036834

 16:12:20 <ogra_> slangasek, not a kernel team job, i nag janimo every day about it though

 16:12:34 <ogra_> slangasek, afaik the nexus kernel is supposed to stay in universe

 16:12:52 <ogra_> and i think jani will go on maintaining it

 16:12:55 <slangasek> right, makes sense

 16:13:16 <ogra_> the image tools stuff was rather disappointing btw

 16:13:17 <infinity> ogra_: At about the same level of "maintenance" that we get for ac100, I assume? :)

 16:13:25 <ogra_> infinity, yeah, i guess

 16:13:35 <ogra_> probably more contributions to it though

 16:13:45 <ogra_> (one can hope :) )

 16:14:03 * infinity is tempted to waste a weekend on tossing a chromebook kernel in universe.

 16:14:29 <ogra_> ++

 16:14:35 * ogra_ ordered one on sunday

 16:15:03 <doko> - UDS

 16:15:03 <doko> - binutils and gcc-4.7 updates

 16:15:03 <doko> - re-submitted gcc-multiarch patch upstream

 16:15:03 <doko> - python3.3 packaging fixes

 16:15:03 <doko> - drop python3.2 as supported python3 version

 16:15:04 <doko> - libxml2 build fixes

 16:15:07 <doko> (done)

 16:15:13 <slangasek> barry: dead machine? :/

 16:15:35 <slangasek> any volunteers to look at bug #1013798 for stokachu?

 16:15:38 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1013798 in libgcrypt11 (Ubuntu Raring) "Blink SIP client segfaults with libgcrypt11 1.5.0-3ubuntu0.1" [Critical,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1013798

 16:15:54 <bdmurray> slangasek: I'm piloting today so will

 16:15:55 <infinity> slangasek: o/

 16:16:01 <infinity> Or bdmurray can. :P

 16:16:04 <slangasek> bdmurray wins

 16:16:07 <slangasek> bdmurray: thanks

 16:16:25 <barry> slangasek, yep.  my main dev box wouldn't boot when i got back from vacation.  replaced the cmos battery, still no boot (brief flash on power button, but then nothing).  the googles indicated it was the power supply so ran out and got one late last night.  seemed to do the trick this morning

 16:16:28 <slangasek> * recovering from UDS+DST

 16:16:28 <slangasek> * blueprints and UDS summaries

 16:16:28 <slangasek> * fixing apt kernel autoremoval (bug #923876)

 16:16:28 <slangasek> * get kernel metapackages moved to the right section (bug #1074787)

 16:16:28 <slangasek> * catch-up SRU processing

 16:16:30 <slangasek> * pushed udev NMU into Debian for upstart support

 16:16:30 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 923876 in apt (Ubuntu) "FR: Limit and clean-up kernel images and headers automatically in LTS" [Wishlist,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/923876

 16:16:32 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1074787 in linux-meta (Ubuntu Raring) "linux-meta metapackages should not be in section 'metapackages'" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1074787

 16:16:33 <slangasek> (done)

 16:16:40 <cjwatson> udev> yay

 16:16:47 <jodh> * upstart:

 16:16:47 <jodh> - Squished nasty test race.

 16:16:47 <jodh> - Raised MP for stateful-reexec feature

 16:16:47 <jodh> https://code.launchpad.net/~upstart-devel/upstart/stateful-reexec/+merge/133265

 16:16:48 <stokachu> cjwatson: i fixed the gdb debdiff

 16:16:50 <jodh> - Looking at bug 1075976.

 16:16:52 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1075976 in upstart (Ubuntu) "test-suite fails in autopkgtest environment" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1075976

 16:16:52 <barry> doko, dropping py3.2 - yay!

 16:16:54 <jodh> ⚺

 16:16:57 <jodh> 

 16:16:57 <cjwatson> stokachu: thanks, will look after meeting

 16:17:14 <stokachu> cjwatson: when i genreated the src package i didnt have the build deps installed on the hsot machine which caused those deps to be blank

 16:17:19 <cjwatson> Yeah

 16:17:28 <stokachu> first time i ever ran into that

 16:17:37 <cjwatson> It's fairly rare but does sometimes happen

 16:17:42 <slangasek> there's a unicode codepoint for paste-on Vulcan eyebrows?

 16:17:55 <infinity> * UDS recovery, blueprints, archive consistency tracking, pondering vacations

 16:18:00 <infinity> ☭

 16:18:17 <xnox> * finished python3.3 transition (pykde4 needs to migrate)

 16:18:17 <xnox> * reviewed / swept through blueprints/workitems (couple of blueprints still need accepting)

 16:18:17 <xnox> * packaged android-tools-fs-utils for generation of sparse images for nexus images

 16:18:17 <xnox> * forwarded python3.3 porting patches to debian

 16:18:17 <xnox> * updated the onlypy3oncd tracker for 13.04

 16:18:32 <xnox> ...

 16:18:38 <stgraber> - UDS last week

 16:18:38 <stgraber> - Networking

 16:18:38 <stgraber> - Merged ifupdown with Debian, forwarded remaining upstart delta.

 16:18:38 <stgraber> - Container

 16:18:38 <stgraber> - Pushed bugfix branch to Daniel for lxc 0.8, was merged upstream.

 16:18:40 <stgraber> - Started rebasing staging branch on new upstream master.

 16:18:43 <stgraber> - Post-UDS

 16:18:45 <stgraber> - Went through all remaining quantal work items, updated status.

 16:18:48 <stgraber> - Started to go through UDS notes to draft the raring blueprints.

 16:18:50 <stgraber> - QA Tracker

 16:18:53 <stgraber> - Schema update to allow a build to belong to multiple milestones.

 16:18:55 <stgraber> - Code change to automatically link the builds to the milestones.

 16:18:58 <stgraber> - Added new manifest table to the DB.

 16:19:00 <stgraber> - Added new flag to milestone which when set will automatically post builds for products listed in the manifest.

 16:19:03 <stgraber> - Updated the publishing code to detect the new flag, scan the manifest and add the matching products to the right milestones.

 16:19:06 <stgraber> - TODO

 16:19:09 <stgraber> - Finish QA Tracker work and get it deployed by IS:

 16:19:11 <stgraber> - Add user UI, admin UI and RPC interface to the manifest

 16:19:14 <stgraber> - Extend python-qatracker for the new RPC

 16:19:16 <stgraber> - Run all the API tests

 16:19:19 <stgraber> - Get IS to rollout the code change in production

 16:19:21 <stgraber> - UDS blueprint drafting

 16:19:24 <stgraber> - Finish LXC staging branch rebasing

 16:19:26 <stgraber> (DONE)

 16:19:40 <jodh> stgraber: you've caught what ev's got! ;-)

 16:19:51 <barry> xnox, can you paste the url to the tracker in the foundations-r-python-versions blueprint?

 16:20:00 <barry> (if it's not already there)

 16:20:03 <ev> jodh: hahaha

 16:20:14 <xnox> barry: i think it's the same one as before.

 16:20:15 * ogra_ grins

 16:20:22 <barry> xnox, cool

 16:20:36 <stgraber> jodh: nah, it's about the same length as usual, it's just that ev's usually 10x longer so nobody notices ;)

 16:20:39 <xnox> barry: and it's on the blueprint.

 16:20:47 <barry> xnox, awesome, thanks

 16:20:48 <ev> :)

 16:21:14 <slangasek> any (non-editorial ;) questions/comments on the above?

 16:21:38 <slangasek> [TOPIC] Bugs

 16:21:54 <slangasek> bdmurray: not sure if there's anything to talk about here at the moment?

 16:22:14 <bdmurray> bug 1073514 could use an assignee

 16:22:16 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1073514 in coreutils (Ubuntu Raring) "cp, mv, install: data loss due to free memory read" [High,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1073514

 16:22:49 <cjwatson> oh, I promised hggdh I'd look at that

 16:23:09 <cjwatson> so assigned myself by way of keeping my promise

 16:23:12 <hggdh> thank you :-)

 16:24:02 <bdmurray> then I'd also mentioned a new report

 16:24:08 <bdmurray> http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/quantal-updates-bug-tasks.html

 16:24:25 <bdmurray> those are bugs with a quantal task and targetted to quantal-updates

 16:24:48 <cjwatson> stokachu: accepted gdb now, finally

 16:24:51 <cjwatson> thanks

 16:25:44 <bdmurray> so there are some things that could be worked on in that list

 16:25:50 <stokachu> cjwatson: lol thank you!

 16:25:54 <bdmurray> that's all from me

 16:26:57 <slangasek> oh man, did I really sign up to fix bug #1067348?

 16:26:59 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1067348 in plymouth (Ubuntu Quantal) "garbled character appears on the screen after inputting the passphrase of the encrypted hard disk during the boot process" [Medium,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1067348

 16:27:23 <slangasek> I guess I'd better start digging to figure out how to detect which fonts are used and need copied :/

 16:27:50 <stokachu> mscorefonts :D

 16:28:00 <slangasek> bdmurray: thanks for the update

 16:28:05 <slangasek> [TOPIC] AOB

 16:28:35 <slangasek> fwiw, Feature Definition Freeze is set for November 22nd

 16:28:45 <slangasek> (well, November 22th according to the wiki, but anyway)

 16:29:09 <xnox> I have a few workitems on specs from quantal & uds-r which are not accepted for raring yet, do I ping you, slangasek, about them?

 16:29:20 <barry> is anybody running raring desktop by default yet?

 16:29:31 <infinity> barry: I have been since it opened.

 16:29:33 <slangasek> that's Thanksgiving, and I'm taking the whole week off, so I'd appreciate it if your blueprints were done by the 15th

 16:29:35 <cjwatson> oh, I meant to upgrade this week

 16:29:36 <xnox> barry: I am. unity doesn't start, so I am in the fallback session.

 16:30:08 <cjwatson> there were a couple of unityish things due to be copied from quantal-updates, I think ...

 16:30:11 <slangasek> xnox: at this point you shouldn't need to, I'll go through the whole list of specs

 16:30:23 <barry> infinity, xnox cool.  i think i'll upgrade my vm as an interim step

 16:30:31 <stokachu> barry: go all in!

 16:31:06 <xnox> slangasek: hmm... they don't appear on status.ubuntu.com so something is missing on them.

 16:31:27 <slangasek> xnox: probably so, but it's probably something I'm going to catch when I do my review so don't worry about it :)

 16:31:32 <ogra_> approval ?

 16:31:42 <xnox> ack.

 16:31:56 * barry likes the deep end

 16:32:11 <bdmurray> oh, by the way if you are reporting bugs please try to set the importance of them

 16:33:02 * ogra_ likes that he has proper alt+tab since yesterday :)

 16:33:10 <slangasek> xnox: the main thing is, if the blueprint is ready for review, to set it to 'review' or 'pending approval'

 16:33:24 <xnox> ok.

 16:33:52 <slangasek> anything else then?

 16:34:49 <slangasek> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)