#title #ubuntu-meeting Meeting

Meeting started by greg-g at 00:00:10 UTC.  The full logs are available
at
http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2012/ubuntu-meeting.2012-01-20-00.00.log.html
.



== Meeting summary ==

 *TiMiDo for membership

 *ashams for membership

 *vibhav for membership
''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/vibhav   (vibhav, 00:22:16)

 *benonsoftware for membership

 *JHOSMAN for membership

 *albrigha for membership
''LINK:'' https://twitter.com/#!/ubuntuco/status/160165237411168258   (JHOSMAN, 01:03:38)



Meeting ended at 01:16:35 UTC.



== Votes ==


 * ashams for membership
   For: 5 Against: 0 Abstained: 0

 * TiMiDo for membership
   For: 5 Against: 0 Abstained: 0

 * JHOSMAN for membership
   For: 5 Against: 0 Abstained: 0

 * albrigha for membership
   For: 3 Against: 0 Abstained: 2

 * benonsoftware for membership
   For: 5 Against: 0 Abstained: 0

 * vibhav for membership
   For: 0 Against: 0 Abstained: 4



== Action items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * greg-g (104)
 * meetingology (64)
 * TiMiDo (29)
 * vibhav (27)
 * ashams (27)
 * cyphermox (22)
 * dinda (21)
 * benonsoftware (19)
 * Pendulum (19)
 * n0rman (16)
 * albrigha (14)
 * MrChrisDruif (14)
 * JHOSMAN (11)
 * bkerensa (8)
 * vibhav_ (8)
 * SergioMeneses (5)
 * JoseGutierrez (5)
 * JoseeAntonioR (4)
 * txomon|home (3)
 * pangolin (3)
 * philipballew (2)
 * Unit193 (1)



== Full Log ==


 00:00:10 <greg-g> #startmeeting

 00:00:10 <meetingology> Meeting started Fri Jan 20 00:00:10 2012 UTC.  The chair is greg-g. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/AlanBell/mootbot.

 00:00:10 <meetingology> 

 00:00:10 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 00:00:21 <greg-g> Hello and welcome to the Ubuntu Membership Review Board for the Americas meeting for <DATE>. The wiki page for the Review Board is available here: https://wiki.ubuntu.com/Membership/RegionalBoards/Americas

 00:00:27 <greg-g> We will attempt to get through all of the applicants that have added themselves to that list before today's meeting. If we are unable to make it through the entire list due to time constraints, then at the next meeting we will pick up where we left off.

 00:00:32 <greg-g> The format for the meeting is as follows: We will go through the list of applicants one by one, by date of application (FIFO).

 00:00:36 <greg-g> Each applicant should introduce themselves (1-5 sentences) and provide links to their Ubuntu Wiki page. After the introduction the members of the Membership Review Board will review the pages and, if needed, ask the applicant further questions.

 00:00:42 <greg-g> During this time it is encouraged for other members of the community to show their support for the applicant. Do not be alarmed if the members of the Membership Review Board are quiet during this time; they are most likely reading wiki/launchpad/forum/other pages and deciding how they are going to vote.

 00:00:48 <greg-g> When the board is ready to vote, they will publicly vote in the channel with either +1, 0, or -1 (for membership, abstain, and against membership, respectively). If the sum of those numbers is positive, then the applicant is now an official Ubuntu member! (feel free congratulate them!)

 00:00:55 <greg-g> Now, with any further ado, lets get started with the first applicant...

 00:01:02 <greg-g> kdub? Kevin? you here?

 00:01:21 <vibhav> ...

 00:01:26 <greg-g> nope

 00:01:35 <greg-g> TiMiDo: ? ready?

 00:01:37 <JHOSMAN> Hello World!

 00:01:45 <TiMiDo> yes

 00:01:47 <TiMiDo> we are ready

 00:01:48 <TiMiDo> ;P

 00:01:56 <greg-g> #topic TiMiDo for membership

 00:02:07 <greg-g> go for it, please introduce yourself, TiMiDo

 00:02:46 <TiMiDo> hello there my name is Aaron Farias I been using Linux Since i was a little kid, Kid  i mean teenager age, and now I been helping ubuntu to grow, in my lab,

 00:02:58 <TiMiDo> and it has been growing,

 00:03:00 * bkerensa coughs

 00:03:50 <TiMiDo> and of course I'm helping in launchpad to translate Ubuntu Packages, and also checking the right translations. and make sure if it is a bug to make sure it's close down,

 00:03:51 <greg-g> what lab are you referring to, TiMiDo ?

 00:03:59 <TiMiDo> greg-g, college, lab

 00:05:00 <greg-g> cool

 00:05:20 <MrChrisDruif> Good going TiMiDo

 00:05:21 <TiMiDo> yeah, and here it's my wiki page, https://wiki.ubuntu.com/AaronFarias

 00:05:44 <greg-g> I see you do a lot with translations, and you live in Miami, have you done much with the Florida loco?

 00:05:46 <Pendulum> TiMiDo: do you have any further plans for doing things with the Flordia LoCo? (Either attending or hosting events yourself)

 00:05:46 <dinda> TiMiDo:  you've done a great many translations!  do you think you'll be more active in the Florida LoCo Team?

 00:05:47 <TiMiDo> and my launchpad also, it's https://launchpad.net/~timido

 00:05:57 <greg-g> hah, we all think alike :)

 00:06:24 <TiMiDo> dinda, now I'm working, So On my free time, sure

 00:07:05 <TiMiDo> but my main goal, and to improve, Ubuntu is helping people on reporting bugs also

 00:07:10 <TiMiDo> with my Computer Science Class,

 00:07:19 <greg-g> TiMiDo: I know ever loco needs help with event planning/coordination, hint hint ;)

 00:07:21 <dinda> any other questions from the board?

 00:07:28 <TiMiDo> I been teaching them, either how to report, and how to check the database of the RCS bugs open, and close

 00:07:30 <Pendulum> BBB

 00:07:38 <Pendulum> sorry, kitten on keyboard

 00:07:44 <n0rman> TiMiDo:  cool :)

 00:07:45 <greg-g> TiMiDo: great!

 00:08:07 <MrChrisDruif> Pendulum; ^_^

 00:08:07 <TiMiDo> and also

 00:08:13 <TiMiDo> checking the debian/rules

 00:08:35 <TiMiDo> so there is no bugs later on with the translations files

 00:08:35 <greg-g> #voters dinda Pendulum n0rman cyphermox

 00:08:35 <meetingology> Current voters: Pendulum cyphermox dinda n0rman

 00:08:42 <greg-g> #voters dinda Pendulum n0rman cyphermox greg-g

 00:08:42 <meetingology> Current voters: Pendulum cyphermox dinda greg-g n0rman

 00:09:06 <greg-g> #vote TiMiDo for membership

 00:09:06 <meetingology> Please vote on: TiMiDo for membership

 00:09:06 <meetingology> Public votes can be registered by saying +1, +0 or -1 in channel, (private votes don't work yet, but when they do it will be by messaging the channel followed by +1/-1/+0 to me)

 00:09:33 <greg-g> +1

 00:09:33 <meetingology> +1 received from greg-g

 00:09:34 <dinda> +1

 00:09:34 <meetingology> +1 received from dinda

 00:09:36 <cyphermox> +1

 00:09:36 <meetingology> +1 received from cyphermox

 00:09:38 <Pendulum> +1

 00:09:38 <meetingology> +1 received from Pendulum

 00:09:41 <n0rman> +1

 00:09:41 <meetingology> +1 received from n0rman

 00:09:50 <greg-g> #endvote

 00:09:50 <meetingology> Voting ended on: TiMiDo for membership

 00:09:50 <meetingology> Votes for:5 Votes against:0 Abstentions:0

 00:09:50 <meetingology> Motion carried

 00:10:01 <greg-g> great, welcome aboard, TiMiDo !

 00:10:05 <TiMiDo> thank you greg-g

 00:10:06 <n0rman> congrats TiMiDo  :)and welcome

 00:10:06 <benonsoftware> Well done TiMiDo

 00:10:13 <MrChrisDruif> Congratulations TiMiDo

 00:10:15 <TiMiDo> thank you a lot guy's :)

 00:10:17 <vibhav> thanks TiMiDo

 00:10:18 <JoseeAntonioR> Congrats, TiMiDo!

 00:10:24 * ashams Congrats TiMiDo

 00:10:25 <TiMiDo> thanks vibhav good luck also ;)

 00:10:28 <Pendulum> TiMiDo: congrats!

 00:10:31 <greg-g> caravena? Cristian?

 00:10:33 <TiMiDo> thanks Pendulum

 00:10:52 <greg-g> ashams: ready?

 00:10:56 <ashams> yes

 00:11:00 <greg-g> #topic ashams for membership

 00:11:06 <greg-g> great, please introduce yourself ashams

 00:11:12 <ashams> Hello, my Name is Ahmed Shams, Egyptian, Ubuntu Translator, Bug Triager and Community worker.

 00:11:22 <ashams> First, sorry for increasing you load, as I should have my meeting with EMEA instead of Americas RMB!.

 00:11:34 <greg-g> ashams: what time is it for you?!

 00:11:42 <ashams> 2 am

 00:11:44 <ashams> :)

 00:11:46 <greg-g> eek!

 00:11:54 <ashams> I started to contribute to Ubuntu since 2009, with translation, support and testing, then tried to get more involved by focusing on bug triage and support for Touchpad problems in Ubuntu. Since that, I take care of touchpad-related issues, besides finding and triaging papercuts.

 00:11:57 <MrChrisDruif> Ghehe, 1 am here

 00:11:59 <greg-g> is there a reason you choose to do it with us instead of EMEA?

 00:12:22 <ashams> yes, I was confused of time of emea date

 00:12:35 <ashams> I thought it was 10th of jan instead of 3rd

 00:12:46 * greg-g nods

 00:13:01 <ashams> because I thought it would be delayed for vacation

 00:13:09 <ashams> In Community side, I'm serving as LoCo teams' ML moderator, keeper of the wiki-site and member of the current *step*-council. Outside the LoCo, I found my home in ~ubuntu-leadership(-dev) team and going with those good people to develop how things go in here.

 00:13:38 <ashams> You can find my page here: https://wiki.ubuntu.com/AhmedShams

 00:14:04 <ashams> done

 00:14:26 <dinda> ashams:  I applaud your enthusiasm for staying up unitl 2am for this meeting!

 00:14:40 <ashams> dinda, thanks :-)

 00:15:35 <dinda> ashams:  when do you think the Egyptian Loco team might be ready to try for 'official' status?

 00:16:01 <ashams> dinda, we were planning for this a couple of months ago

 00:16:09 <MrChrisDruif> ashams; looks good. I'll take your contributions section as a "template" for my own contributions page

 00:16:14 <ashams> but we prefered to get better organization first

 00:16:22 <ashams> that's why we got a council

 00:16:30 <ashams> or rather a step council

 00:16:39 <dinda> ashams:  it can be difficult to get organzied for such a large community

 00:16:46 <ashams> we want to get more *stable* activity as first goal

 00:16:55 <greg-g> good idea

 00:17:13 <dinda> ashams:  is it mostly IRC activity or events?

 00:17:15 <greg-g> if you have any questions or need assistance, do join the #ubuntu-locoteams channel and ask questions.

 00:17:16 <ashams> dinda, yes it can, but we borrowed the idea of Focus Groups to help with this

 00:17:19 * greg-g is on the LoCo Council

 00:17:37 <ashams> dinda, events

 00:17:43 <dinda> great!

 00:17:54 <ashams> greg-g, thanks, sure I'd :-)

 00:18:00 * SergioMeneses -> hi all

 00:18:07 <TiMiDo> hi SergioMeneses

 00:18:16 <ashams> dinda, actually we don't focus on IRC events that much

 00:18:20 <n0rman> ashams: are there any pics of the Egyptian LoCo team?

 00:18:37 <ashams> n0rman, ah, yes, let my find it

 00:19:21 <greg-g> while you do that, lets vote ;)

 00:19:27 <greg-g> #vote ashams for membership

 00:19:27 <meetingology> Please vote on: ashams for membership

 00:19:27 <meetingology> Public votes can be registered by saying +1, +0 or -1 in channel, (private votes don't work yet, but when they do it will be by messaging the channel followed by +1/-1/+0 to me)

 00:19:34 <cyphermox> +1

 00:19:34 <meetingology> +1 received from cyphermox

 00:19:36 <greg-g> +1

 00:19:36 <meetingology> +1 received from greg-g

 00:19:42 <n0rman> +1

 00:19:42 <meetingology> +1 received from n0rman

 00:19:44 <Pendulum> +1

 00:19:44 <meetingology> +1 received from Pendulum

 00:20:07 <dinda> +1

 00:20:07 <meetingology> +1 received from dinda

 00:20:11 <greg-g> #endvote

 00:20:11 <meetingology> Voting ended on: ashams for membership

 00:20:11 <meetingology> Votes for:5 Votes against:0 Abstentions:0

 00:20:11 <meetingology> Motion carried

 00:20:21 <greg-g> congrats and welcome aboard, ashams !

 00:20:23 <vibhav> Congrats ashams !

 00:20:23 <n0rman> ashams: I mean, events or meeting of the LoCo :)

 00:20:26 <TiMiDo> Congratulations ashams

 00:20:28 <benonsoftware> Well done ashams

 00:20:30 <n0rman> welcome ashams

 00:20:31 <MrChrisDruif> ashams; Congratulations!

 00:20:40 <JoseeAntonioR> Congratulations, and welcome, ashams!

 00:20:41 <ashams> n0rman, sorry, I can't find the flicker profile right now, but we have some on our fb page: http://www.facebook.com/ubuntueg?sk=photos

 00:20:43 <MrChrisDruif> Now off to bed with you ;-)

 00:20:49 <greg-g> yes, go to sleep!

 00:20:49 <n0rman> vibhav: ?

 00:20:49 <Pendulum> ashams: congrats!

 00:20:53 <JoseGutierrez> Congrats ashams!!!

 00:20:57 <greg-g> ready vibhav ?

 00:20:58 <vibhav> n0rman: yes?

 00:21:01 <vibhav> oh yes

 00:21:06 <greg-g> #topic vibhav for membership

 00:21:16 <greg-g> Please introduce yourself, vibhav

 00:21:24 <ashams> Thank you everybody, greg-g vibhav n0rman TiMiDo benonsoftware MrChrisDruif JoseeAntonioR Pendulum

 00:21:33 <MrChrisDruif> ^_^

 00:21:45 <vibhav> hello all , my name is Vibhav Pant , I am an active Ubuntu Translator , Tester and convertor

 00:22:03 <vibhav> PS : please excuse me if I become dead for some time

 00:22:16 <vibhav> https://wiki.ubuntu.com/vibhav

 00:22:18 * MrChrisDruif has seen vibhav's name before somewhere...

 00:22:22 <greg-g> also, why did you attend this one instead of another, more timezone appropriate, membership board?

 00:22:36 <bkerensa> Congrats ashams way to go!

 00:22:48 <vibhav> Because the timings of Asian board clash with my schedule , greg-g

 00:22:49 <ashams> bkerensa, Thanks :-)

 00:22:59 <greg-g> vibhav: ah

 00:23:04 <vibhav> you can see me at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/vibhav

 00:24:15 <greg-g> vibhav: what kind of work do you do with the Indian LoCo?

 00:24:43 <vibhav_> Sorry guys , its my connection

 00:24:45 <vibhav_> Sorry guys , its my connection

 00:25:12 <greg-g> unfortunately, no :/

 00:25:14 <vibhav> so , where were we?

 00:25:18 <greg-g> erm, oops wrong windo

 00:25:20 <greg-g> vibhav: what kind of work do you do with the Indian LoCo?

 00:25:35 <vibhav> greg-g: Translation , and converting people to Ubuntu

 00:25:43 <greg-g> does the LoCo have many events?

 00:26:08 <vibhav> It has some , but due to my studies and remote location , I cant visit them

 00:27:16 <Pendulum> vibhav: I notice you say that you don't do much on IRC, but your one testimonial mentions IRC. Is spending more time working on IRC something you're interested in doing?

 00:27:42 <cyphermox> vibhav: do you have plans to contribute (in collaboration with others) in other ways than translations?

 00:28:19 <vibhav> Pendulum: I am not good at all on helping people on IRC

 00:28:32 <vibhav> cyphermox: TEsting Ubuntu pre release images

 00:28:51 <MrChrisDruif> vibhav; working on IRC is more then "just" support/help

 00:29:54 <greg-g> vibhav: I think I missed this: when did become active with Ubuntu work? Not just as a user.

 00:30:29 <greg-g> vibhav: I think I missed this: when did become active with Ubuntu work? Not just as a user.

 00:30:34 <cyphermox> vibhav: I see you mentioned starting this alreday, what kind of testing were you doing, milestone tests?

 00:30:42 <vibhav> cyphermox: Bug testing

 00:30:56 <cyphermox> vibhav: but I mean, using the tracker?

 00:31:00 <vibhav> greg-g: I started translation about 6 months ago

 00:31:03 <vibhav> cyphermox: yes

 00:31:59 <vibhav> yes

 00:32:14 <cyphermox> ok

 00:32:57 <vibhav> But I can assure you that I translate Ubuntu very well

 00:33:03 <dinda> vibhav: why are you seeking membership at this time?

 00:33:39 <vibhav> dinda : because I have already missed 2 meetings

 00:34:01 <vibhav> You can see my profile at https://launchpad.net/~vibhavp

 00:34:02 <dinda> vibhav:  I guess I'm asking more about your motivations to be a member

 00:34:25 <vibhav> dinda: Its nice to be a recognized contributor

 00:34:39 <pangolin> Council may i make a statement?

 00:34:46 <dinda> vibhav:  do you think you will be a good advocate and representative going forward?

 00:35:19 <dinda> pangolin:  please do

 00:35:28 <pangolin> I would like to say i think vibhav is a great person and he has a lot of energy. I feel he will one day make a great ubuntu member but at this time I am not certain he has done enough with the community to merit membership. I would like to see more from him.

 00:35:48 <pangolin> that is all I wanted to say.

 00:36:00 <greg-g> thank you pangolin.

 00:36:02 <vibhav_> sorry again

 00:37:40 <cyphermox> vibhav: do you have concrete plans to revive the hindi translation efforts or help getting the LoCo team approved?

 00:37:51 <vibhav> cyphermox: YES!

 00:38:18 <cyphermox> vibhav: please tell me more ;)

 00:39:15 <vibhav> cyphermox: The Hindi Translation Team used to be alive and flourishing , but now since most of theam are elders , is dead

 00:39:29 <vibhav> The Indian LoCo's administrators are also inactive

 00:39:37 <cyphermox> but do you have friends who might want to dive in and help out?

 00:39:39 <vibhav> I am ashamed at this

 00:40:55 <greg-g> #vote vibhav for membership

 00:40:55 <meetingology> Please vote on: vibhav for membership

 00:40:55 <meetingology> Public votes can be registered by saying +1, +0 or -1 in channel, (private votes don't work yet, but when they do it will be by messaging the channel followed by +1/-1/+0 to me)

 00:41:28 <greg-g> +0 I would love to see some more collaboration with other Indian LoCo members

 00:41:28 <meetingology> +0 I would love to see some more collaboration with other Indian LoCo members received from greg-g

 00:41:45 <dinda> +0 agree with greg-g

 00:41:45 <meetingology> +0 agree with greg-g received from dinda

 00:42:01 <vibhav_> I translate much , aint that good?

 00:42:04 <Pendulum> +0 I think your translations work has been great, but I'd like to see more collaberation with other people in the community

 00:42:04 <meetingology> +0 I think your translations work has been great, but I'd like to see more collaberation with other people in the community received from Pendulum

 00:42:25 <vibhav_> But I cant do that

 00:42:25 <cyphermox> +0

 00:42:25 <meetingology> +0 received from cyphermox

 00:42:27 <cyphermox> really impressive translation work, but I'd also like to see more collaboration

 00:42:35 <greg-g> #endvote

 00:42:35 <meetingology> Voting ended on: vibhav for membership

 00:42:35 <meetingology> Votes for:0 Votes against:0 Abstentions:4

 00:42:35 <meetingology> Deadlock, casting vote may be used

 00:42:40 <dinda> vibhav: memberships is also about you being part of the larger community

 00:42:43 <cyphermox> vibhav: do you have friends who might want to help out?

 00:42:48 <vibhav_> cyphermox: yes

 00:43:12 <greg-g> I seem to remember some Free Software groups related to Ubuntu in India recently, right?

 00:43:18 <n0rman> vibhav_: great! :) now you just need to do it, get closer to the ubuntu community :) collaborate with other persons :)

 00:43:22 <greg-g> or at least some events?

 00:43:24 <bkerensa> vibhav_: Dont worry your doing good work just get more involved with community.... India has lots :)

 00:43:30 <vibhav_> I am a studying kid , so I dont have mmuch time for any physical meetings

 00:43:34 <cyphermox> vibhav: that would go a long way helping you with reviving the translation team and LoCo

 00:43:53 * txomon|home understands that vibhav _ has a lot of  illusion, but thinks you might get in touch with more of your local area partners

 00:43:54 <cyphermox> vibhav: yes, that's all fine :)

 00:43:57 <greg-g> vibhav_: helping out in other ways is also great: planning, outreach, etc

 00:44:06 <cyphermox> above all, keep up the translation work, you're doing great!

 00:44:11 <vibhav_> thanks

 00:44:13 <greg-g> indeed!

 00:44:19 <greg-g> benonsoftware: ready?

 00:44:23 <benonsoftware> Yep

 00:44:26 <greg-g> #topic benonsoftware for membership

 00:44:31 <greg-g> please introduce yourself, benonsoftware

 00:44:59 <benonsoftware> Hello, I am Ben Donald-Wilson and I am a high school student in Australia

 00:45:03 <greg-g> btw, with a 2011 join date, I'm surprised you got the "benny" userid on LP :)

 00:45:16 <benonsoftware> greg-g: I emailed the user and he changed it :P

 00:45:35 <greg-g> ahhhh :)

 00:45:47 <benonsoftware> My wiki page is https://wiki.ubuntu.com/benny and LP is https://launchpad.net/~benny

 00:46:30 <benonsoftware> I have done a couple of Ubuntu User Days sessions and one Global Jam, recently I have joined the Ubuntu Classroom Team

 00:46:47 <benonsoftware> I have also been trying very hard to get Ubuntu into my school

 00:47:29 <Unit193> I'm here to say I know him from UBT, he has done work on team reports

 00:47:43 <benonsoftware> However none of the IT teachers knew what Ubuntu was and I have also found out that I would proberly have to go to the State Government with Ubuntu as they do the stuuf for that

 00:48:10 <greg-g> thanks Unit193 !

 00:48:10 <benonsoftware> I will try this year with my new school and talk to them about Ubuntun and see what happenes

 00:48:29 <greg-g> wow, going to the State gov is a pain, good on you for trying to do it!

 00:48:35 <benonsoftware> Thank you

 00:48:48 <dinda> benonsoftware:  Your wiki says you are "very active" in the Australian Loco - what kind of things have you done?

 00:48:57 <benonsoftware> I am also active in the Ubuntu-AU LoCo doing the Team Reports too

 00:49:12 <benonsoftware> I am also trying to set up a release party too at the moment

 00:49:15 <philipballew> Im here because 1. He is a all around good guy and 2 he shows the sprit of Ubuntu through his hard work and action. As a ubuntu member, I think he would make a great  member

 00:50:22 <greg-g> thank you philipballew

 00:50:36 <philipballew> no problem greg-g

 00:51:09 <JoseeAntonioR> I have attended both sessions that Ben gave, and I was impressed. He was very enthusiastic, and put a lot of effort in preparing his materials. In my opinion, he would be one of those members who are always trying to make a better community.

 00:51:41 <MrChrisDruif> Good luck benonsoftware !!

 00:51:46 <benonsoftware> MrChrisDruif: Thank you

 00:51:51 <greg-g> thanks JoseeAntonioR

 00:52:10 <greg-g> #vote benonsoftware for membership

 00:52:10 <meetingology> Please vote on: benonsoftware for membership

 00:52:10 <meetingology> Public votes can be registered by saying +1, +0 or -1 in channel, (private votes don't work yet, but when they do it will be by messaging the channel followed by +1/-1/+0 to me)

 00:52:19 <dinda> +1

 00:52:19 <meetingology> +1 received from dinda

 00:52:19 * benonsoftware is closing his eyes :P

 00:52:20 <Pendulum> +1

 00:52:20 <meetingology> +1 received from Pendulum

 00:52:28 <greg-g> +1 good work and good particpation in the community

 00:52:28 <meetingology> +1 good work and good particpation in the community received from greg-g

 00:52:28 <n0rman> +1

 00:52:28 <meetingology> +1 received from n0rman

 00:53:21 <cyphermox> +1

 00:53:21 <meetingology> +1 received from cyphermox

 00:53:27 <greg-g> #endvote

 00:53:27 <meetingology> Voting ended on: benonsoftware for membership

 00:53:27 <meetingology> Votes for:5 Votes against:0 Abstentions:0

 00:53:27 <meetingology> Motion carried

 00:53:35 <greg-g> congrats and welcome aboard, benonsoftware !

 00:53:37 <MrChrisDruif> benonsoftware; congratulations!

 00:53:37 <Pendulum> benonsoftware: congrats!

 00:53:37 <benonsoftware> Thanks everyone

 00:53:44 <cyphermox> benonsoftware: congrats

 00:53:45 <greg-g> JHOSMAN: ready?

 00:53:48 <JoseeAntonioR> congratulations, benonsoftware!

 00:53:54 <JHOSMAN> yes

 00:53:57 <JoseGutierrez> Jhosman, Jhosman .... Forward brother :)

 00:53:57 <greg-g> #topic JHOSMAN for membership

 00:54:02 <benonsoftware> Thanks MrChrisDruif Pendulum JoseeAntonioR greg-g

 00:54:02 <greg-g> please introduce yourself JHOSMAN

 00:54:42 <JHOSMAN> Hi, my name is Jhosman am of the City of Bogota - Colombia 21 years I have used Ubuntu for over 5 years and a member of the community of Ubuntu Colombia, now in this crazy Team webMaster served as managing the website http://www.ubuntu-co.com and social networking activities, or have participated in many in Colombia have participated in launchpad besides the bugs and translations section, I think it's time to be part of the

 00:54:43 <TiMiDo> congratulations benonsoftware

 00:54:44 <TiMiDo> :)

 00:54:49 <benonsoftware> Thanks TiMiDo :P

 00:54:58 <JHOSMAN> treatment of all leisure time activities for the community of Ubuntu Colombia, also promotes Ubuntu in my university, work and friends. Additionally I am Alpha and Beta tester of all Ubuntu distributions developing

 00:55:10 <JHOSMAN> It also develops the theme for my Loco Team Chrome, Chromium and additionally from a Chrome Application found in the Google Chrome Store liciencia both with Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported  I support the Community Ubuntu Colombia em Twitter, Facebook and mailing list Ubuntu Colombia

 00:55:14 <JHOSMAN> Additionally I have thought about all the logistics work in the 2012 Bogota FLISOL

 00:56:24 <greg-g> I see the SergioMeneses left a testimonial, good deal :)

 00:56:59 <SergioMeneses> JHOSMAN: is a great guy! and he will be a great ubuntu member!

 00:57:06 <greg-g> thanks much, SergioMeneses :)

 00:57:23 <SergioMeneses> greg-g: don't worry my dear friend

 00:57:34 <dinda> JhOSMAN:  you have a great wiki page and great testimonials

 00:57:38 <greg-g> JHOSMAN: your participation looks great

 00:57:40 <MrChrisDruif> To any other applicants: good luck!

 00:57:46 <JHOSMAN> =)

 00:57:48 <MrChrisDruif> I'm off to bed

 00:57:53 * txomon|home too

 00:58:02 * txomon|home bye!

 00:58:31 <greg-g> #vote JHOSMAN for membership

 00:58:31 <meetingology> Please vote on: JHOSMAN for membership

 00:58:31 <meetingology> Public votes can be registered by saying +1, +0 or -1 in channel, (private votes don't work yet, but when they do it will be by messaging the channel followed by +1/-1/+0 to me)

 00:58:37 <greg-g> +1 great work

 00:58:37 <meetingology> +1 great work received from greg-g

 00:58:38 <Pendulum> +1

 00:58:38 <meetingology> +1 received from Pendulum

 00:58:38 <dinda> +1

 00:58:38 <meetingology> +1 received from dinda

 00:58:39 <cyphermox> +1

 00:58:39 <meetingology> +1 received from cyphermox

 00:58:51 <n0rman> Â¿1

 00:59:03 <n0rman> +1

 00:59:03 <meetingology> +1 received from n0rman

 00:59:06 <n0rman> sorry :)

 00:59:11 <greg-g> not sure about your +1? ;)

 00:59:13 <greg-g> #endvote

 00:59:13 <meetingology> Voting ended on: JHOSMAN for membership

 00:59:13 <meetingology> Votes for:5 Votes against:0 Abstentions:0

 00:59:13 <meetingology> Motion carried

 00:59:13 <cyphermox> what was that? :D

 00:59:20 <greg-g> congrats and welcome, JHOSMAN !

 00:59:26 <JHOSMAN> :D Thanks!!!!!!

 00:59:27 <bkerensa> uh oh

 00:59:30 <benonsoftware> Well done JHOSMAN

 00:59:30 <cyphermox> great work JHOSMAN!

 00:59:33 <JoseGutierrez> Congrats Jhosman !!!!!

 00:59:37 <n0rman> welcome kh :)

 00:59:48 <bkerensa> albrigha must be up next :D

 00:59:56 <greg-g> bkerensa: ahh :)

 00:59:56 <n0rman> :S

 00:59:59 <SergioMeneses> JHOSMAN: congrats bro

 01:00:02 <greg-g> albrigha: you ready?

 01:00:08 <albrigha> yep!

 01:00:09 <TiMiDo> JHOSMAN, welcome aboard

 01:00:15 <JHOSMAN> Nice =)

 01:00:21 <Pendulum> JoseGutierrez: congrats!

 01:00:22 <Pendulum> bah

 01:00:22 <TiMiDo> Congratulations,

 01:00:26 <SergioMeneses> JHOSMAN: hard work bro

 01:00:27 <Pendulum> JHOSMAN: congrats!

 01:00:34 <JoseGutierrez> :)

 01:00:37 <JHOSMAN> +1

 01:00:56 <greg-g> #topic albrigha for membership

 01:01:03 <greg-g> please introduce yourself, albrigha

 01:01:53 <albrigha> Hello! My name is Aaron.  I've been working with Ubuntu for the past 7-8 years.  I worked on the HP Linux Imaging and Printing project where I did a lot of launchpad support as well as helping Ubuntuforum users with issues.

 01:02:50 <albrigha> I'd like to be a member to be able to participate in the direction of Ubuntu (voting), etc as well as continuing to help users with problems and working to make ubuntu amazing.

 01:03:08 <albrigha> (not that it isn't amazing now..) :)

 01:03:15 <greg-g> the HPLIP stuff was for work at a previous job?

 01:03:29 <albrigha> Yes, this is true.

 01:03:38 * greg-g is just looking at your LinkedIn :)

 01:03:38 <JHOSMAN> https://twitter.com/#!/ubuntuco/status/160165237411168258

 01:03:50 <albrigha> but during that time I also participated on ubuntuforums with helping users with other unrelated ubuntu issues.

 01:04:00 <greg-g> awesome

 01:04:40 <Pendulum> albrigha: do you have any involvement with the Oregon LoCo? (I notice Launchpad says you're a member of the group)

 01:05:17 <albrigha> I am working on being more active. I've been on the team for several years, but until we had some new management it was pretty inactive

 01:05:28 <greg-g> :)

 01:05:30 * bkerensa is Team Lead for Oregon

 01:05:32 <albrigha> It's been getting more active however, and I will be participating.

 01:05:42 <greg-g> albrigha: good deal

 01:07:45 <dinda> albrigha: any forums folks around to help support you?

 01:08:11 <albrigha> no I didn't think to have some ready.

 01:08:44 <albrigha> I do have someone from the Oregon LoCo though

 01:08:45 <albrigha> :)

 01:08:57 * bkerensa has feedback if needed

 01:10:09 <greg-g> bkerensa: please share, if other than your wiki testimonial (thanks for that!)

 01:10:21 <Pendulum> albrigha: your forum and LP answers involvement seems to not be so recent, is there a reason you're applying now?

 01:11:56 <bkerensa> greg-g: I just wanted to add that due to some previous issues with the LoCo going dormant it would have been hard for albrigha to participate for some period of time although I do see him engaging via our social networks and I'm hoping when he is able he can make it to an event (his geographical location may pose a hurdle at this time)

 01:12:24 <albrigha> Pendulum: yes, I had a wrist issue and wasn't as involved in the past year.  But I've gotten that fixed so it's much easier to be involved.  As for why now, I've missed working with Ubuntu/Linux and and as Ubuntu is a huge part of my life I want to take steps to be involved with the direction of ubuntu and to continue working in the community.

 01:13:36 <greg-g> ah, glad your wrist issue is taking care of

 01:13:38 <greg-g> taken

 01:13:57 <albrigha> greg-g: thanks :)

 01:14:01 <Pendulum> albrigha: glad to know things are better :)

 01:14:28 <greg-g> #vote albrigha for membership

 01:14:28 <meetingology> Please vote on: albrigha for membership

 01:14:28 <meetingology> Public votes can be registered by saying +1, +0 or -1 in channel, (private votes don't work yet, but when they do it will be by messaging the channel followed by +1/-1/+0 to me)

 01:14:41 <greg-g> +1 great track record and will love to see your future work

 01:14:41 <meetingology> +1 great track record and will love to see your future work received from greg-g

 01:14:51 <dinda> +1

 01:14:51 <meetingology> +1 received from dinda

 01:14:52 <Pendulum> +1

 01:14:52 <meetingology> +1 received from Pendulum

 01:15:37 <n0rman> +0

 01:15:37 <meetingology> +0 received from n0rman

 01:15:50 <cyphermox> +0

 01:15:50 <meetingology> +0 received from cyphermox

 01:15:54 <greg-g> #endvote

 01:15:54 <meetingology> Voting ended on: albrigha for membership

 01:15:54 <meetingology> Votes for:3 Votes against:0 Abstentions:2

 01:15:54 <meetingology> Motion carried

 01:16:05 <greg-g> congrats and welcome aboard, albrigha !

 01:16:11 <albrigha> Thanks!

 01:16:18 <greg-g> thanks to everyone for coming and congrats to all of the new members, again!

 01:16:21 <cyphermox> I think you're doing great, but I would have preferred to see more. regardless, keep it up, and congrats :)

 01:16:22 <TiMiDo> welcome aboard, AlanBell

 01:16:25 <JoseGutierrez> Congrats albrigha !!!!!

 01:16:31 <TiMiDo> welcome aboard, albrigha

 01:16:32 <TiMiDo> ;)

 01:16:35 <greg-g> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/AlanBell/mootbot)