#title #ubuntu-meeting Meeting

Meeting started by skaet at 15:00:47 UTC.  The full logs are available
at
http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2012/ubuntu-meeting.2012-06-29-15.00.log.html
.



== Meeting summary ==

''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ReleaseTeam/Meeting/2012-06-29   (skaet, 15:01:10)
''LINK:'' https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-June/001462.html -hw cert: brendand  (skaet, 15:01:57)
''LINK:'' https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-June/001465.html- security: mdeslaurs  (skaet, 15:01:59)
''LINK:'' https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-June/001467.html - desktop: seb128  (skaet, 15:02:01)
''LINK:'' https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-June/001468.html - kernel: ogasawara  (skaet, 15:02:03)
''LINK:'' https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-June/001469.html - community testing: balloons  (skaet, 15:02:07)
''LINK:'' https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-June/001471.html - lubuntu: gilir  (skaet, 15:02:12)
''LINK:'' https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-June/001472.html - server: arosales  (skaet, 15:02:14)
 *Questions and Comments.
''LINK:'' https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-June/001473.html - foundations: ogra  (ogra_, 15:05:54)



Meeting ended at 15:34:03 UTC.



== Votes ==




== Action items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * skaet (77)
 * seb128 (34)
 * ogra_ (21)
 * brendand (6)
 * popey (4)
 * stgraber (3)
 * meetingology (3)
 * highvoltage (1)
 * mdeslaur (1)
 * ubottu (1)
 * ScottK (1)



== Full Log ==


 15:00:47 <skaet> #startmeeting

 15:00:47 <meetingology> Meeting started Fri Jun 29 15:00:47 2012 UTC.  The chair is skaet. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 15:00:47 <meetingology> 

 15:00:47 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 15:01:10 <skaet> Agenda (and minute location):

 15:01:10 <skaet> https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ReleaseTeam/Meeting/2012-06-29

 15:01:10 <skaet> .

 15:01:10 <skaet> Upcoming dates:

 15:01:10 <skaet> 2012/07/05 - DebianImportFreeze

 15:01:10 <skaet> 2012/07/23 - Alpha 3 image candidates start

 15:01:12 <skaet> 2012/07/26 - Alpha 3

 15:01:14 <skaet> .

 15:01:16 <skaet> Work Items:

 15:01:18 <skaet> 2012/06/29 -  2782 (was 2926 last week):  BEHIND trendline for this point.

 15:01:20 <skaet> Please help get us back where we should be by making sure https://launchpad.net/~/+upcomingwork is up to date for your tasks.

 15:01:23 <skaet> .

 15:01:25 <skaet> Bugs:

 15:01:27 <skaet> Quantal: http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-q-tracking-bug-tasks.html

 15:01:29 <skaet> 12.04.1:http://status.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/kernel-bugs/reports/rls-p-tracking-bugs.html

 15:01:31 <skaet> .

 15:01:33 <skaet> A2 Testing Report: https://wiki.ubuntu.com/QATeam/ReleaseReports/QuantalAlpha2TestReport

 15:01:37 <skaet> Thank you to all the testers, and jibel for coordinating, and another excellent job in highlighting the key issues in a timely fashion.  :)

 15:01:40 <skaet> .

 15:01:42 <skaet> Pending action items:

 15:01:44 <skaet> [skaet] - SRU team vanguards: https://wiki.ubuntu.com/StableReleaseUpdates/#Publishing - DONE

 15:01:46 <skaet> [seb128] - summarize on ubuntu-release mail list what desktop wants for 12.04.1 (201206 15:15:33:13) - ?

 15:01:49 <skaet> [skaet] - start off a blueprint for -r release for people to record ideas and thoughts on logical steps for making progress to the long term goal. (skaet, 20120622 16:25:27) - https://blueprints.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+spec/other-r-future-release-brainstorming - DONE

 15:01:53 <skaet> .

 15:01:55 <skaet> Weekly Status Received:

 15:01:57 <skaet> https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-June/001462.html -hw cert: brendand

 15:01:59 <skaet> https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-June/001465.html- security: mdeslaurs

 15:02:01 <skaet> https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-June/001467.html - desktop: seb128

 15:02:03 <skaet> https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-June/001468.html - kernel: ogasawara

 15:02:07 <skaet> https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-June/001469.html - community testing: balloons

 15:02:10 <skaet> ** 2100 UTC - due time ^ Thank you to those who submitted on time **

 15:02:12 <skaet> https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-June/001471.html - lubuntu: gilir

 15:02:14 <skaet> https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-June/001472.html - server: arosales

 15:02:16 <skaet> ** Reminder,  please get your team's summary in by 2100 UTC, so there's time to prep, take care of issues on the mail list, and keep the meeting short.

 15:02:19 <skaet> ..

 15:03:04 <skaet> #topic Questions and Comments.

 15:03:29 <skaet> hiya,  any other team minutes available that I missed in my last pass?

 15:03:54 <seb128> hey

 15:03:57 <skaet> Reminder: DebianImportFreeze is next Thursday 7/5,  after that all imports will need to be explicit.

 15:04:13 <skaet> Thank you to stgraber and balloons for the updates to the iso tracker,  new features rolled out nice and smooth for A2 from my perspective.  :)

 15:04:16 <seb128> sorry I assumed we had no meeting after alpha2 (as we didn't have one after a1 IIRC) ... anyway I'm here ;-)

 15:04:46 <ScottK> Debian's freeze for Wheezy release is tomorrow, so the amount of new stuff from Debian should start to drop off in any case.

 15:04:50 <skaet> thanks seb128,  with holidays coming up,  and A2 being so smooth (overall),  seemed prudent to have one before DebianImportFreeze

 15:05:01 <seb128> yeah, makes sense ;-)

 15:05:15 <skaet> General request:  Leads please work through your alpha 2 work items, and for those items not accomplished,  please retarget or postpone.   Burn downs are showing us fallling behind where we wanted to be.

 15:05:32 <skaet> ..

 15:05:43 <skaet> anyone else have comments/questions before I start into my list?

 15:05:54 <ogra_> https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-June/001473.html - foundations: ogra

 15:06:00 <ogra_> (sorry !)

 15:06:08 <skaet> thanks ogra_ :)

 15:06:51 <skaet> seb128,  any update on the pending action item to post what desktop looks to land for 12.04.1?   (did I miss it on the ubuntu-release list?)

 15:08:22 <seb128> sorry

 15:08:48 <seb128> skaet, I mentioned it last week in reply to my weekly report email

 15:09:11 <seb128> "I also had an action item to check what images the desktop team wants to support for the LTS .1 release: we will keep doing what we did for previous LTSes, and support the same set of images that for the release, including the DVD ones. "

 15:09:19 <seb128> skaet, ^

 15:09:31 <skaet> thanks seb128.  I'll mark it done then.  :)

 15:09:35 <seb128> thanks

 15:09:52 <skaet> ..

 15:09:57 <skaet> brendand, do you have a prioritized list (ie. most to least important) of the bugs cert wants fixed for 12.04.1?   is bug 1013843 the key blocker?

 15:09:59 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1013843 in casper (Ubuntu Quantal) "resolv.conf empty when doing PXE installations" [High,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1013843

 15:10:27 <brendand> skaet, as far as i know that's only in quantal

 15:10:57 <skaet> brendand,  ok.  :)

 15:11:00 <brendand> skaet, as for prioritization, i will need to discuss with ara. when would you like a list by - and how many bugs? 5? 10?

 15:11:27 <brendand> skaet, or all of them, just prioritized?

 15:11:33 <skaet> brendand,  top 5 most impact to fix would be good,  or a list in descending order of inpact,  so we can get some focus.

 15:12:03 <skaet> possible to mail something out to ubuntu-release mail list by next week?

 15:12:37 <brendand> skaet, asap

 15:12:42 <highvoltage> ~/win 12

 15:13:11 <skaet> :) ok,  will add it to the actions.  :)

 15:13:25 <skaet> ..

 15:13:43 <skaet> mdeslaurs,  for those AA uploads, is there someone identified, or just waiting in queue?

 15:13:49 <brendand> skaet, about the 1013843 bug, i wanted to ask stgraber if he is blocked trying to reproduce it?

 15:14:02 <stgraber> brendand: I'm not, just busy with other things

 15:14:52 <brendand> stgraber, ok. whatever resources you need to try and reproduce it, the guys in montreal can provide

 15:15:37 <skaet> ..?

 15:15:49 <stgraber> brendand: I have a netboot setup at home so should be easy to reproduce locally (though the fixes I pushed in quantal were specifically to make it work ;))

 15:15:52 <stgraber> ..

 15:16:31 <skaet> mdeslaur, ^  (sorry about the typo on your nick)

 15:16:57 <seb128> skaet, tab completion is handy ;-)

 15:17:26 <skaet> yup.

 15:17:42 <mdeslaur> skaet: jdstrand is identified, or he may sponsor sbeattie

 15:18:37 <skaet> coolio,  just wanted to make sure wasn't going to linger over holidays/debconf/etc.  :)

 15:18:47 <skaet> ..

 15:19:24 <skaet> seb128, does it make sense to ask balloons to get the new gtk's ally enablement tested by the community?  Would be nice to get early feedback, and a chance to fix before we get to beta.

 15:19:52 * skaet notes that balloons will need to be followed up by with email.

 15:19:59 <seb128> skaet, that would be great

 15:20:16 <seb128> skaet, balloons: check with TheMuso if you need details on what needs testing

 15:20:44 <seb128> skaet, balloons: a slightly more detailed email on the topic is on https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-desktop/2012-June/003868.html

 15:21:19 <skaet> seb128,  ok,  I'll put in a request and copy you and TheMuso on it.

 15:21:29 <seb128> thanks

 15:21:34 <skaet> ..

 15:21:58 <skaet> seb128,  popey,  when will the next unity, compiz drops land?

 15:22:37 <seb128> unity for quantal is being worked

 15:22:42 <seb128> next week if everything goes well

 15:22:45 <seb128> new compiz landed this week

 15:22:47 <popey> oh hai, didnt realise there was a meeting right now

 15:22:52 <popey> what seb128 says :)

 15:23:12 <seb128> we should have another compiz within 2 weeks with gsettings support (finger crossed)

 15:23:15 <popey> quantal + nux should be testing monday, release tuesday

 15:23:41 <seb128> gsettings code is being worked, sam estimates to a good week of work so I count on 2 weeks for landing if that goes well

 15:23:47 <popey> thanks seb128

 15:23:47 <ogra_> we're still waiting for upstream to merge the gles patches for arm

 15:23:54 <ogra_> (compiz that is)

 15:24:05 <seb128> ogra_, that will be after gsettings, don't count before a month

 15:24:21 <seb128> ..

 15:24:22 <ogra_> current compiz is built with gles support, which will not work on arm

 15:24:51 <seb128> ogra_, right, well they have 2 compiz maintainers and work for 5, there is only so much they can get done at the time

 15:24:51 <ogra_> (that doesnt matter much though since we have no working drivers for any arm platform yet, waiting for TI as usual)

 15:25:08 <seb128> gsettings is first then they will do gles

 15:25:10 <seb128> ..

 15:25:30 <skaet> thanks seb128, popey, ogra_ .  ok, that helps with setting the expectations.

 15:25:38 <ogra_> seb128, i didnt mean to blame anyone or so :) just wanted to throw it in the meeting so people are aware and dont complain that their pandas dont show bling ;)

 15:26:00 <seb128> ogra_, my panda doesn't show screen atm, let's talk after bling later :p

 15:26:21 <ogra_> seb128, if there would have been dailies today, these would have a fix for that ;)

 15:26:24 <ogra_> ..

 15:26:26 <skaet> ogra_, yeah glad you brought it up,  sounds like its going to get close to feature freeze then before its all working,  which is a bit worrying.

 15:26:48 <skaet> ..

 15:27:10 <ogra_> skaet, well, as i understand it, upstream expects that *all* plugins are ported to GLES before accepting the patch

 15:27:26 <ogra_> linaros patch only ports the ones we use in ubuntu

 15:27:32 <ogra_> ..

 15:27:52 <skaet> ogra_, yeah that could indeed make things *interesting* :P

 15:27:56 <ogra_> right

 15:28:03 <seb128> that's being sorted, they will not block on that

 15:28:07 <seb128> still there is a bit of work needed

 15:28:10 <ogra_> not much we can do about it though

 15:28:19 <seb128> and they go asked to finish gsettings first since blocks desktop updates

 15:28:25 <seb128> i.e part of GNOME is blocked on it

 15:28:34 <seb128> and that work is overdue (it was meant to land in oneiric)

 15:28:40 <ogra_> well, as long as there is a chance it makes FF

 15:28:45 <seb128> that should be fine

 15:29:00 <ogra_> if not, it would be good to know about that early enough so we can think of alternatives

 15:29:06 <seb128> as said it should be one extra week or max 2 to clear the gsettings stuff and the important bug fixes they are on

 15:29:17 <ogra_> ok, that sounds fine

 15:29:19 <seb128> then it's gles, which hopefully with take 1 or 2 weeks

 15:29:32 <seb128> I will keep you guys updated

 15:29:34 <seb128> ..

 15:29:42 <skaet> ogra_,   on the subject of worrying,  who has the lead for java on arm?   is there a good pointer to the plan for that part?  (me may have missed it in her last pass)

 15:29:44 <ogra_> thx

 15:29:46 <ogra_> ..

 15:30:11 <ogra_> skaet, hmm, usually thats doko, not sure, probably infinity is on it too nowadays

 15:30:43 <ogra_> i can collect info on that for next week

 15:31:03 <skaet> ogra_, that would be appreciated.  :)  Thanks!

 15:31:35 <skaet> ..

 15:31:59 * skaet looks around to see if anyone else has questions?

 15:33:27 <skaet> looks like that's it then for this week.

 15:33:39 <skaet> Next week I'll be on vacation,  and pgraner will be hosting the meeting.

 15:34:00 <skaet> Thanks ogra_, arosales, mdeslaur,  seb128, brendand, popey, stgraber, ScottK

 15:34:03 <skaet> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)