#title #ubuntu-meeting Meeting

Meeting started by skaet at 15:00:39 UTC.  The full logs are available
at
http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2012/ubuntu-meeting.2012-08-24-15.00.log.html
.



== Meeting summary ==

''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ReleaseTeam/Meeting/2012-08-24   (skaet, 15:00:56)
''LINK:'' https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-August/001786.html - Kubuntu - Riddell  (skaet, 15:01:25)
''LINK:'' https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-August/001788.html - PS - popey  (skaet, 15:01:27)
''LINK:'' https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-August/001790.html - 12.04.1 testing - jibel  (skaet, 15:01:29)
''LINK:'' https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-August/001792.html - Kernel - ogasawara  (skaet, 15:01:31)
''LINK:'' https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-August/001794.html - Security - jdstrand  (skaet, 15:01:33)
''LINK:'' https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-August/001795.html - Ubuntu One - joshuahoover  (skaet, 15:01:35)
''LINK:'' https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-August/001798.html - Lubuntu - gilir  (skaet, 15:01:38)
''LINK:'' https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-August/001803.html - Edubuntu - stgraber  (skaet, 15:01:40)
''LINK:'' https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-August/001804.html - Linaro - fabo  (skaet, 15:01:42)
''LINK:'' https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-August/001805.html - Desktop - seb128  (skaet, 15:01:44)
''LINK:'' https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-August/001806.html - hwcert - brendand  (skaet, 15:01:48)
''LINK:'' https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-August/001807.html - QA - gema  (skaet, 15:01:51)
''LINK:'' https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-August/001808.html - foundations - ogra  (skaet, 15:01:52)
''LINK:'' https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-August/001813.html - server - arosales  (skaet, 15:01:54)
 *Questions and Comments



Meeting ended at 16:18:14 UTC.



== Votes ==




== Action items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * skaet (102)
 * gema (65)
 * seb128 (48)
 * ogra_ (33)
 * balloons (31)
 * Daviey (28)
 * slangasek (19)
 * stgraber (17)
 * popey (17)
 * Laney (13)
 * xnox (10)
 * arosales (6)
 * brendand (4)
 * meetingology (3)
 * rsalveti (2)
 * smartboyhw (2)
 * jocarter (2)
 * gilir (1)



== Full Log ==


 15:00:39 <skaet> #startmeeting

 15:00:39 <meetingology> Meeting started Fri Aug 24 15:00:39 2012 UTC.  The chair is skaet. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 15:00:39 <meetingology> 

 15:00:39 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 15:00:56 <skaet> Agenda (and minute location):

 15:00:56 <skaet> https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ReleaseTeam/Meeting/2012-08-24

 15:00:56 <skaet> .

 15:00:56 <skaet> Upcoming dates:

 15:00:56 <skaet> 12.10

 15:00:56 <skaet> 2012/08/30: Quantal Beta 1 Freeze and User Interface Freeze

 15:00:58 <skaet> 2012/09/06: 12.10 Beta 1

 15:01:00 <skaet> .

 15:01:02 <skaet> Work Items:

 15:01:04 <skaet> 2012/08/24 -  3011 (was 3011  (last  week):   We are behind the trendline for some of the projects.

 15:01:07 <skaet> We�ve now gone into Feature Freeze, so getting us back on track would be appreciated.  If something is clearly not going to make it this cycle, please mark it POSTPONED.

 15:01:10 <skaet> Please help get us back where we should be by making sure https://launchpad.net/~/+upcomingwork is up to date for your tasks.

 15:01:13 <skaet> .

 15:01:15 <skaet> Bugs:

 15:01:19 <skaet> Quantal: http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-q-tracking-bug-tasks.html

 15:01:21 <skaet> .

 15:01:23 <skaet> Weekly Status Received:

 15:01:25 <skaet> https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-August/001786.html - Kubuntu - Riddell

 15:01:27 <skaet> https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-August/001788.html - PS - popey

 15:01:29 <skaet> https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-August/001790.html - 12.04.1 testing - jibel

 15:01:31 <skaet> https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-August/001792.html - Kernel - ogasawara

 15:01:33 <skaet> https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-August/001794.html - Security - jdstrand

 15:01:35 <skaet> https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-August/001795.html - Ubuntu One - joshuahoover

 15:01:38 <skaet> https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-August/001798.html - Lubuntu - gilir

 15:01:40 <skaet> https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-August/001803.html - Edubuntu - stgraber

 15:01:42 <skaet> https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-August/001804.html - Linaro - fabo

 15:01:44 <skaet> https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-August/001805.html - Desktop - seb128

 15:01:48 <skaet> https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-August/001806.html - hwcert - brendand

 15:01:51 <skaet> https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-August/001807.html - QA - gema

 15:01:52 <skaet> https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-August/001808.html - foundations - ogra

 15:01:54 <skaet> https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-August/001813.html - server - arosales

 15:01:56 <skaet> ?? - community testing - balloons

 15:01:58 <skaet> ?? - Xubuntu - astraljava

 15:02:00 <skaet> ?? - Ubuntu Studio - scott-work

 15:02:02 <skaet> .

 15:02:04 <skaet> Thank you to everyone participating in getting 12.04.1 released!   I was contrasting the number of bug fixes, reviews, image builds, testing we did with 10.04.1 informally  and we�ve definitely up�d the game.   Well done!

 15:02:16 <skaet> #topic Questions and Comments

 15:03:10 <skaet> So now that 12.04.1 is out the door, focus solidifies on 12.10  :)   Yesterday was Feature Freeze, and based on the burn down charts - its pretty clear there are some things coming in late.

 15:03:10 <skaet> Open question for today is Feature Freeze exceptions - what�s needed?

 15:03:52 <skaet> any one have "o/" before I start into some questions?

 15:05:22 * seb128 lists desktop ffe exceptions in his email (sorry for sending it only today, I didn't have all the infos yesterday and we were still crazy busy landing work)

 15:05:26 <skaet> popey - for the compiz features landing,  which bug is being used to track the FFe?  we�ll be going into UIF next week - will UIFe be needed as well, or will all the bits land by then.

 15:05:51 <skaet> seb128, yup understood

 15:06:09 <popey> We haven't created a bug yet for FFe, guidance welcome in that regard. Do we have just one master FFe bug or individual bugs per feature?

 15:06:32 <skaet> popey,  probably one per component, with what's planned to land would work.

 15:07:09 <skaet> popey,  I'll get together with you afterwards then and we can sort it a bit.

 15:07:10 <popey> ok, we can do that, do we need to subscribe a team/person?

 15:07:15 <popey> ok, great, that will help

 15:07:16 <popey> ...

 15:07:41 <skaet> will all the pieces land by next Thursday (User Interface Freeze)?

 15:07:54 <popey> almost certainly not

 15:08:49 <skaet> hmm... so most of it won't make Beta 1 then.   yeah,  we'll need to be figuring out a plan, since this will ripple into multiple other teams (docs, translations etc.)

 15:09:05 <smartboyhw> Er, balloons's smuumary: https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-August/001815.html

 15:09:14 <seb128> popey, which ones do you see missing uif?

 15:09:38 <popey> probably webapps

 15:12:04 <ogra_> o/

 15:12:05 * skaet thanks smartboyhw for posting balloons summary

 15:12:12 <smartboyhw> NP

 15:13:29 <skaet> .. (I think)

 15:13:37 <popey> oops yes, ..

 15:13:43 <skaet> :)

 15:13:47 <skaet> go ogra_

 15:14:08 <ogra_> seb128, your report indicates you guys are looking into compiz GLES .... just wanting to make sure :)

 15:14:13 <ogra_> ..

 15:14:22 <seb128> ogra_, it's landed in compiz trunk

 15:14:26 <ogra_> i know

 15:14:32 <ogra_> but not in the archive :)

 15:14:39 <seb128> we separated from compiz-gsettings to not have too much transitions going on at the same time

 15:14:45 <seb128> and that needs to land with the new unity

 15:14:50 <seb128> which is late on other things

 15:15:03 <seb128> having gsettings out of the way will make the next update easier hopefully

 15:15:26 <ogra_> right, i just want to know if i need to switch the panda images to openbox for final :)

 15:15:27 <seb128> so gles and new unity are scheduled for next week (earlier than late if possible)

 15:15:28 <seb128> ..

 15:15:34 <ogra_> awesome, thanks !

 15:15:37 <seb128> yw

 15:15:40 <ogra_> ..

 15:15:42 <seb128> (depends if you get drivers I gues)

 15:15:44 <seb128> ..

 15:15:44 <popey> +1 seb128 it'll be first thing we do next week

 15:15:45 <popey> ..

 15:15:47 <ogra_> we have drivers

 15:15:55 <seb128> ok, so we should be good soon

 15:15:59 <ogra_> just paperwork missing

 15:16:26 <ogra_> libdri2 was uploaded to NEW before the meetingg, once thats in the archive i'll upload the PVR package and we are golden

 15:16:27 <ogra_> ..

 15:17:26 <rsalveti> \o/

 15:17:41 <rsalveti> ..

 15:17:47 <skaet> thanks.  :)  I think this just answered the question I was going to ask from fabo's report too.

 15:17:49 <skaet> ..

 15:18:20 <ogra_> :)

 15:18:21 <skaet> seb128,  did you get together with TheMuso on the accessibility tests?   would be good to have that resolved before Beta1

 15:19:05 <seb128> skaet, I didn't manage to catch him on IRC but I sent an email out this morning, will be resolved by next meeting for sure (if he doesn't reply I will just go ahead and make the test list)

 15:19:17 <skaet> thanks seb128

 15:19:30 <seb128> np, sorry it's taking so long :-(

 15:19:37 <skaet> ..

 15:20:18 <skaet> any one else have "o/" today?

 15:20:28 <gema> o/

 15:20:31 <skaet> go gema

 15:20:48 <gema> I'd like to talk about the grief we've had in QA due to all the last minute respins

 15:21:05 <gema> and how we are expected to react, rather than being able to plan

 15:21:27 <gema> in my opinion

 15:21:43 <gema> Quality is not about shipping without errors, it is about shipping predictable software, documenting the problems found gives us a better chance at the release than introducing new problems last minute trying to solve those

 15:21:50 <stgraber> would you have preferred we ship with an image that doesn't fit on a media?

 15:21:57 <gema> stgraber: yes

 15:22:36 <gema> stgraber: because now we are shipping something that fits on a media but may have extra errors that we don't know about

 15:22:50 <gema> stgraber: so I prefer to ship known quality than unknown quality

 15:23:00 <brendand> stgraber, when you say 'fits on a media', you mean not even USB stick?

 15:23:16 <slangasek> the 12.04 images are specified to fit on a CD

 15:23:16 <stgraber> brendand: we're talking 12.04, 12.04 needs to fit on a standard 700MB media

 15:23:30 <slangasek> if it's oversized, it's not fit to purpose

 15:23:41 <stgraber> brendand: we had a last minute detected oversized image that required a respin yesterday

 15:24:07 <stgraber> the real problem is that the image was build on the 17th and it took until the publishing, a few hours before release to notice it was oversized

 15:24:20 <stgraber> so that means nobody tested using the target media (blank CD, standard size)

 15:25:06 <brendand> gema - that does need to be part of QA, no?

 15:25:22 <gema> brendand: ideally, that image should fail in the build system if it is oversized

 15:25:31 <gema> brendand: but yeah, we should have a test case for that

 15:25:34 <slangasek> no, that's not ideal

 15:25:35 <Laney> I don't think that's ideal

 15:25:41 <gema> why not?

 15:25:57 <slangasek> there are many cases where we know we can't get the image down to size yet during development, but we still need to have an image available for testing

 15:26:19 <gema> slangasek: I remember seeing warnings of that on the website where you publish the imates

 15:26:22 <gema> images

 15:26:23 <brendand> gema, i think it's the difference between releasing it and just having an image to test

 15:26:44 <brendand> gema, you can *test* an oversized image, but you can't release it

 15:26:55 <slangasek> we *should* catch oversized issues much sooner than when we're going to publish; the problem is that the only place the information is published is on cdimage.ubuntu.com, where no one was looking

 15:26:59 <gema> I don't see why you cannot release it, but that is besides the point

 15:27:05 <slangasek> (because the ISO tracker hides that implementation detail)

 15:27:14 <gema> we can add a mandatory test case to the tracker so that we don't forget to check in the future

 15:27:17 <gema> and issue solved

 15:27:21 <gema> that's not my problem

 15:27:23 <slangasek> gema: because we specified that we were releasing CD images for 12.04, and this was not a CD image

 15:28:07 <slangasek> stgraber and I have discussed what needs to happen so that oversized images are flagged much earlier to the release team as well, so this particular problem doesn't recur

 15:28:28 <gema> cool, slangasek, as I said, it is not one particular problem that bothers me

 15:28:31 <stgraber> FWIW we didn't have any fallback image for amd64 and amd64+mac, so as we had the requirement of releasing a CD image, I had the option to fix + respin or not release the 64bit image

 15:28:39 <slangasek> gema: right; I understand that

 15:28:43 <gema> the respin on wed was equally problematic in my view

 15:28:46 <gema> due to a corner case

 15:29:12 <stgraber> I still think the decision to respin was right, I ran a full diff of the livefs and cd content, so I have the exact list of files that changed as well as their content, all the tests were ran against the 64bit livefs and they all passed

 15:29:47 <gema> stgraber: I still think it is wrong, but it is ok to disagree on this

 15:29:59 <gema> what I am more worried about is how lightly we take respinning

 15:30:10 <gema> and how little consideration we give to QA in the process

 15:30:14 <slangasek> I don't think it's being taken lightly at all

 15:30:15 <stgraber> so we essentially released a fully tested image, if that's not the case, then something is wrong with the testcase list on the tracker, because they certainly were telling me everything was tested

 15:30:27 <skaet> respinning is not taken lightly at all.

 15:30:37 <Daviey> Yeah, i am quite suprised there is complaint at this.

 15:30:37 <slangasek> it's a pain for everyone involved, both in QA and in the release team

 15:30:46 <Daviey> repining is documented for the reasoning why

 15:30:49 <slangasek> it's *more* of a pain for the QA team, certainly

 15:31:06 <Daviey> There was at least one issue, which would have been nice to include.. but wasn't respan for, that i know of.

 15:31:33 <stgraber> in this case, the pain was really on me more than QA to be honnest, I am the one who had to spend 3 hours fixing the image, do the respin, do the diffs and did most of the amd64 testing (while jibel was doing amd64+mac smoke test)

 15:31:46 <slangasek> but even if QA was automatic and instantaneous, a respin still throws off the release team's schedule... we're having to react to such changes just as much as QA does

 15:32:12 <gema> slangasek: I am not saying you guys are not suffering from it

 15:32:22 <gema> I am saying it can be made less painful for everyone

 15:32:27 <stgraber> we had to delay the release accordingly, making quite a lot of people on the release team work overtime (not to mention the folks in London who had to stay up until past midnight)

 15:32:28 <gema> if we all work together towards that

 15:32:42 <Daviey> well, the phrasing of "little consideration" does imply that care wasn't taken.

 15:32:58 <gema> Daviey: I said taken lightly, I think

 15:33:14 <Daviey> < gema> and how little consideration we give to QA in the process

 15:33:16 <gema> but english is not my first language, so didn't try to offend anyone

 15:33:18 <Daviey> but anyway.

 15:33:21 <gema> ahh, ok, yes

 15:33:40 <gema> that's how I felt and I have had conversations with other fellow testers which felt the same way

 15:33:55 <gema> all I am asking for is to consider revising the process and introducing changes

 15:34:04 <slangasek> how would you revise the process?

 15:34:08 <skaet> gema, constructive suggestions on ways we can improve are useful,  but we do need to meet produce images that are fitting the purpose on a time basis, so have to take that into account

 15:34:19 <gema> skaet: agreed

 15:34:27 <slangasek> I don't expect we're going to change the process to declare that we never respin

 15:34:31 <gema> slangasek: I don't know, I need to think about that

 15:34:34 <slangasek> ok :)

 15:35:07 <gema> slangasek: change is good if it is to fix things, they just need to be fixed in time for us to be able to test

 15:35:34 <gema> and stgraber having only your opinion on how good/bad the images are doesn't fill me with as much confidence as if most of the QA team had had a chance to test the images

 15:35:40 <gema> nothing personal, just a matter of coverage

 15:35:47 <skaet> and getting the manual testing to be efficient has to be part of it though.

 15:35:50 <gema> and confidence that more eyes went through the changes

 15:35:57 <slangasek> gema: sure, I understand; and part of the calculation the release team needs to make is whether a bug is so important to fix (i.e., is "stop ship") that we would want to let the image be delayed rather than release it as-is

 15:36:03 <stgraber> gema: well, I surely would have liked to go back in time and respin the image on the 17th, unfortunately that's not an option... so we spotted that at the last minute and as we're doing time based releases, had to fix, retest and release in just a few hours

 15:36:19 <stgraber> I'm not saying that's a good thing, but that's how things are and we have to live with it

 15:36:28 <skaet> gema,  the change was that we dropped a language pack,   we figured out the impact and took the risk, with a fall back.

 15:36:30 <gema> stgraber: we could have delayed the release until today

 15:36:42 <gema> stgraber: there were other options

 15:36:42 <skaet> gema,  we're a time based release.

 15:36:55 <Daviey> gema: surely the whole point of posting results to the iso tracker, is to allow the release team to consider if a respin is needed?

 15:37:07 <Daviey> Polling each member of the QA team is odd.

 15:37:17 <gema> Daviey: I am not asking for that

 15:37:18 <slangasek> so does that mean the respun image didn't go through the ISO testing process?

 15:37:26 <Daviey> Personally, i think the product managers require more input than the QA team.

 15:37:47 <stgraber> as far as I'm concerned, if the product lead signs-off and I have all testcases covered on the tracker, an image is good to ship

 15:37:54 <Daviey> +1

 15:37:58 <stgraber> if that's not the case, then the process needs fixing to reflect that

 15:38:13 <gema> stgraber: agreed

 15:38:16 <skaet> slangasek,  jibel and stgraber went through the test cases so it did go through ISO testing process

 15:38:17 <gema> it needs to change

 15:38:35 <Daviey> gema: What aspect ?

 15:38:38 <jocarter> what should change, specifically, gema?

 15:38:54 <gema> the approach is wrong

 15:39:11 <gema> having a set of results on the tracker from the same people that are making the changes is just not enough confidence

 15:39:15 <gema> imo

 15:39:27 <Daviey> I always considered it such that the release team makes the call on what is releasable, with input from the QA team for testing and approval from the product managers.

 15:39:40 <gema> we need to plan for the time it takes to have more HW covered in our testing

 15:39:42 <Daviey> gema: That isn't the apprach

 15:39:45 <Daviey> approach

 15:39:53 <stgraber> Daviey: yep, that's how it should be. The release team is the one making the release decision, not QA.

 15:39:55 <xnox> gema: do you mean: as in three pairs of eyeballs minimum? one to change, one to test, one to sign off?

 15:40:14 <gema> xnox: along those lines, but we need to review and agree on something more solid

 15:40:15 <Daviey> gema: The fact that in prior history, the QA team wasn't able to give us the coverage, meant that we had to do it within the product teams for it to get done.

 15:40:17 <gema> imo

 15:40:21 <Daviey> Thankfully, this is improving

 15:40:33 <skaet> +1

 15:40:52 <gema> exactly Daviey

 15:40:59 <balloons> I think gema is concerned these exceptions are more often the norm in releasing. We all agree last minute testing and fixing is not the ideal way to go (working overtime, doing everything last minute and on a time crunch, etc)

 15:41:01 <gema> yet our opinion doesn't really count

 15:41:33 <stgraber> FWIW, I wouldn't have trusted an image with a single tester, but in this case, I did the change, infinity reviewed it, IS reviewed and landed it and the image was tested by me, jibel and balloons

 15:41:45 <stgraber> so that's way enough eyeballs as far as I'm concerned

 15:41:45 <balloons> I will say I am impressed with the release team as a whole in order to mount efforts to stay on the timetable.. you deserve credit for that

 15:42:28 <jocarter> balloons: and besides that even... they keep level-headed and calm and professional even when they're tired and overworked. I have lots of respect for the release team.

 15:42:58 <gema> I would rather them not overworking to be able to achieve the releasing

 15:43:04 <gema> :)

 15:43:14 <gema> but +1 balloons and jocarter

 15:43:54 <skaet> Will you be circulating an email to ubuntu-release with your ideas on ways we can improve?

 15:43:57 <skaet> gema, ^

 15:44:00 <Daviey> It's really not clear to me what you are suggesting changing.  Nobody wants last minute dashes, and thankfully.. they are on the decline.

 15:44:07 <balloons> so I think everyone's goal here is the same.. we don't want last minute changes being the norm for releasing.. To gema's points, we need to investigate (as always) what can be done to avoid the last minute changes.. However, gema it sounds like you might be able to come up with a better way of handling them..

 15:44:10 <skaet> where we is QA, release, development.

 15:44:16 <balloons> at least something that helps your confidence level?

 15:44:30 <gema> skaet: I cannot nor want to decide this unilaterally, I think we need to talk

 15:44:52 <gema> skaet: I will put a list of ideas together if you like, but nothing will change until we all agree that there is a problem

 15:44:54 <skaet> gema,  I was asking for ideas on an email thread so we can continue this discussion.

 15:45:07 <gema> if you guys don't see it then I am not presenting a good case and I need to rethink that

 15:45:10 <skaet> the timing is right now,  for good discussion,  and then follow up at UDS.

 15:45:25 <gema> skaet: ok

 15:45:37 <Daviey> gema: All that has been said so far as far as i can see, is "the current process doesn't take QA's view enough into account".. but a specific idea of what you'd like to see improved, would really help

 15:46:02 <gema> Daviey: ok, I will put that in an email and send it to you guys for further discussion

 15:46:10 <Daviey> super, thanks.

 15:46:18 <gema> will try to give specific examples as well as generic ideas

 15:46:35 <balloons> gema, consider walking through hypothetical examples and talk about how you feel it's handled now, vs how you wish it to be handled

 15:46:38 <balloons> +1

 15:46:53 <gema> balloons: you arae going to help me build that email, I hope :)

 15:47:03 <gema> with your experiences as well

 15:47:21 <Daviey> that leads to a them an us, lets have an open discussion :)

 15:47:25 <balloons> gema, I would be happy to.. It's important to frame how you feel it's being handled as well.. we sometimes assume or understand things incorrectly :-)

 15:47:47 <gema> balloons: I am not afraid of being wrong, I do QA for a living

 15:48:12 <balloons> gema, kick off your thoughts, we'll all pitch back reponses

 15:48:19 <gema> ack

 15:48:24 <gema> I am done , skaet

 15:48:25 <gema> ..

 15:48:49 <skaet> Thanks gema.

 15:48:57 <arosales> o/

 15:49:03 <skaet> go arosales

 15:49:21 <arosales> server will most likely have a FFE for ARM support in MAAS and oprofile (universe)

 15:49:22 <arosales> ..

 15:49:59 <skaet> Thanks arosales,   please include the bug number of it in your next week's status if its not resolved by then.  ;)

 15:50:07 <skaet> on that note - when do you see it landing?

 15:50:40 <Daviey> looking at the development RSN.

 15:50:46 * xnox 0/

 15:50:49 <skaet> RSN?

 15:50:55 <Daviey> real soon now

 15:50:59 <skaet> lol

 15:51:02 <arosales> skaet: no firm ETA yet, but hopefully mid sept

 15:51:30 <skaet> ok, after beta 1,  so definitely need to be communicating it and planning.   gotcha.

 15:51:35 <arosales> actively working on both items

 15:51:41 * skaet nods

 15:51:46 <arosales> ..

 15:51:52 <skaet> ..

 15:51:58 <balloons> o/

 15:52:00 <skaet> go xnox

 15:52:30 <xnox> ubiquity - lvm & crypto in manual partitionaire, might slip UIF and hence might need FFe for that functionality.

 15:53:29 <xnox> to be bugfiles & discussed on how to best land it to minimise disruptions, since landing that might brake the installer. (e.g. after crypto work landed there were 3 bugs preventing sertain type of installs due to fallout).

 15:53:36 <xnox> s/bugfiles/bugfiled/

 15:54:09 <skaet> thanks xnox.    ogra_ will you please make sure the bugs are included in your status next week?

 15:54:10 <xnox> (after crypto work, the images were fixed 3 or 5 days later, can't remember)

 15:54:21 <xnox> ..

 15:54:29 <ogra_> skaet, will do

 15:54:47 <skaet> slangasek,  will we be turning off alternates for beta 1?

 15:55:10 <skaet> thanks ogra_, xnox for raising it here.

 15:56:12 <xnox> ..

 15:56:17 <slangasek> skaet: I need to kick off a thread on ubuntu-devel about it to gather feedback about the missing RAID support; I'll do that today or Monday, I think we can probably converge quickly on a decision in time for the beta freeze

 15:56:22 <Laney> o/

 15:56:31 <skaet> thanks slangasek.

 15:56:35 <skaet> ..

 15:56:39 <skaet> go balloons

 15:57:37 <balloons> I just wanted to chat briefly about what I mentioned in my mail.. How we communicate with the community is important, if we want to continue building a good working relationship

 15:57:59 <balloons> Recently some of the changes have caused a bit of grief for those testing..

 15:59:27 <balloons> I can get into specifics, but I would rather focus on what we can do to ensure we are communicating more effectively with our testing community. To some extent, that's a worry for me :-) Hence me bringing it up. There's technical and non-technical ideas -- should be communicate more within the desktop, or should we require folks to follow a certain mailing list, etc, etc

 15:59:53 <skaet> seb128, popey - any ideas how we can help balloons?

 16:00:32 * skaet is thinking of the 2D and 3D scenario evolving... ;)

 16:00:33 <balloons> Mostly I'd like to make sure that big changes that will have an effect on what's going on in QA are discussed here.. That generally happens, but not always..

 16:00:36 <seb128> not really, I don't have the specifics?

 16:00:44 <seb128> is that about unity-2d dropping and the impact on vms?

 16:00:51 <balloons> Well, for instance I'll pick on the nvidia / xorg change

 16:01:22 <seb128> what would you have liked to see better done there?

 16:01:35 <balloons> That change obviously impacted alot of people.. A few day s after popey and the unity team wanted some triaging on multi-monitor bugs, and of course the unity/compiz changes

 16:01:47 <popey> is it that the people affected didn't know the issue was coming down the line, or they did know and are still adversely affected anyway? What's the most irritation there?

 16:01:49 <seb128> it was announced on -devel but admittedly late and in a non really verbose way

 16:02:19 <balloons> yes, I don't think the fact the change went in (and would break things for people) is as much of a concern as the fact it was unknown

 16:02:25 <ogra_> seb128, even in the planning it was awfully hidden ...

 16:02:30 <seb128> imho we should use -devel to announce such things

 16:02:34 <balloons> so it was a, you update, and boom your stuff is broken

 16:02:41 <seb128> I'm still unhappy about how -release handled the xorg,nvidia stuff

 16:02:42 <ogra_> seb128, there is one spec where dropping of unity-2d is mentioned in a half sentence

 16:03:18 <ogra_> beyond things like the mentioning of it on ubuntugeel and omgubuntu, you couldnt really find any official info about the move

 16:03:18 <seb128> well, different story:

 16:03:39 <seb128> - nvidia,xorg was a known issue, poorly handled from -release imho and poorly communicated to -devel our community

 16:03:45 <popey> I don't think -devel is the best way to communicate critical things like this to people. I'd be surprised if many quantal users are on that list.

 16:03:51 <ogra_> i think that step is a big enough move qith enough impact that it would have deserved a full spec

 16:03:59 <seb128> - unity-2d was publicly announced in plenty of spaces and specs

 16:04:01 <balloons> yes I agree.. -devel isn't the place to announce

 16:04:08 <balloons> well.. not the only place :-)

 16:04:23 <ogra_> written by DX (with explanations what are the plans, tests etc) ... and implemented by desktop

 16:04:28 <seb128> popey, what easy communication channel do we have?

 16:04:47 <ogra_> ..

 16:04:54 <popey> OMG!Ubuntu! :)

 16:04:57 <seb128> popey, easy, like for those of use who don't spend hours every day on every social website on the internet :p

 16:05:05 <popey> heh

 16:05:21 <balloons> to some extent that falls on me.. and I'm happy to help in that regard

 16:05:29 <seb128> popey, I've no clue how to get something published on omgubuntu and I don't consider it an official media channel

 16:05:37 <popey> if you went to omg / webupd8 / muktware you'd hit a _huge_ number of people in one go

 16:05:37 <seb128> well

 16:05:50 <ogra_> seb128, delegate bloging to one of you team members then ;)

 16:05:52 <seb128> I'm happy to improve how we communicate

 16:05:52 <balloons> Getting an official channel for this stuff.. right now, ubuntu-qa mailing list is a good start, but there are folks who aren't on the list

 16:06:04 <popey> i completely understand that perspective seb128

 16:06:06 <ogra_> if you think planet is a more official mediam

 16:06:09 <ogra_> *medium

 16:06:09 <seb128> ogra_, nobody in my team is into blogging

 16:06:17 <popey> but what we're doing is something "newsworthy" so we should publish it as "news"

 16:06:33 <balloons> imho, somehow sending it out to users when they update would be really cool.. but, in general if we could manage to alert at least those who are actively testing and helping it would go a long way

 16:06:42 <seb128> we should maybe set up a "news feed" then

 16:06:52 <Laney> there's already a news team

 16:07:02 <seb128> where feed is whatever you guys who do communication find an efficient way to deal with news

 16:07:02 <Laney> could we CC such announcements there and have it get out that way?

 16:07:03 <Daviey> Generally, all engineering teams need to get better at blogging.

 16:07:16 <seb128> Daviey, we are back at what ogra was saying though

 16:07:23 <seb128> blog will reach 1% users

 16:07:46 <seb128> I don't read blogs, I've no time for that, and I'm sure a good part of our users have no interest in blogs or planet ubuntu

 16:07:49 <Daviey> Yes, but OMG et al will no doubt use it as a reference for continuation stories

 16:07:58 <ogra_> seb128, well, before that i said it should have been planned better (by DX) ... if  there is a spec it is way better noticed by the community

 16:08:12 <balloons> I guess I would at least like to know about things like this in advance.. and in general the other leads in this meeting should also know

 16:08:14 <seb128> that seems like a "rely on some other people to do something you don't know if they are going to do"

 16:08:20 <skaet> some sort of push of info to all folks who are registered as wanting to help test (subscribed to related test cases?) could be an option to reach those affected as well?

 16:08:21 <ogra_> and people might watch its implementation status (and are prepared of whats coming)

 16:08:28 * Daviey notes that El Reg almost wrote a story about something i added to the wiki alone.

 16:08:46 <seb128> ogra_, sorry, what you talking about? xorg,nvidia or unity2d?

 16:08:55 <seb128> ogra_, unity2d dropping had full specs

 16:09:17 <seb128> ogra_, and was discussed at UDS in public sessions

 16:09:26 <Daviey> Perhaps I am biased, but i'm more annoyed that X/libdrm broke *server* install media. :)

 16:09:35 <ogra_> seb128, spec url ?

 16:09:57 <seb128> ogra_, in fact I even announced it during the closing plenary

 16:09:59 <ogra_> seb128, sorry, but all i can find is a single sentence from a BOF discussion note in one of the desktop team specs

 16:09:59 <seb128> from my notes

 16:10:03 <balloons> seb128, I believe unity2d was a known thing.. people knew it would happen.. they may have been a bit surprised when it did, but again, they were prepared on the idea

 16:10:15 <seb128> "llvmpipe and opengles support in Unity 3D -> dropping 2d if we can (a11y, llvmpipe performanc, gsettings support to compiz)"

 16:10:30 <seb128> balloons, seems ogra was not

 16:10:43 <seb128> ogra_, let's take that out of meeting, that's a bit off topic

 16:10:56 <ogra_> seb128, i knew it .... when i asked about it the answer was "we dont know yet"

 16:10:56 <skaet> hmm..   we're a bit over now,  but this topic probably should be taken to the maillist as well now.

 16:11:03 <seb128> going back to the better communication way, I don't have a strong opinion

 16:11:07 <ogra_> seb128, and there was no spec i could look up the plans

 16:11:15 <ogra_> (or anyone from the community could)

 16:11:18 <balloons> ok, so coming back around on this. I would like to see us internally communicating better..

 16:11:27 <balloons> I will help distribute that to others..

 16:11:33 <seb128> what about letting popey, balloons and whoever is interested define a channel others should use for announces?

 16:11:39 <balloons> longer term finding better channels is the goal

 16:11:53 <Daviey> balloons: external communication would surely be better than internal ? :)

 16:11:53 <ogra_> i'm not complaining about not knowing it, i'm complaining about the whole thing not having been documented and planned in advance so that people can look up whats jjhappening

 16:11:56 <skaet> balloons are you getting what you need from the weekly section of == what's about to land that will affect other teams == ?

 16:12:02 <seb128> popey, balloons: want to work on defining a standard workflow that teams should use to get news out?

 16:12:05 <popey> we have a communications team

 16:12:13 <balloons> for instance, slangasek's annouce about dropping alt images.. people know about it. let's try and communicate that clearly now

 16:12:28 <balloons> Since I heard about it here, I can communicate it out and look for his email

 16:12:53 <ogra_> seb128, there were plenty people in the community asking about unity-2d and the status (and if they could help testing llvmpipe) since months

 16:13:06 <ogra_> there was no place to point them to

 16:13:32 <seb128> ogra_, let's take that particular issue out of the meeting, it's specific

 16:14:03 <skaet> balloons,  can you start a thread off on this, so we can continue to add our ideas?

 16:14:10 <balloons> skaet, sure

 16:14:15 <skaet> Thanks

 16:14:26 <skaet> Laney,  still have a question before I end the meeting?

 16:14:33 <Laney> well, it's kind of a note

 16:14:38 <skaet> :)

 16:14:53 <Laney> the indicator gtk2 dropping has broken xubuntu, lubuntu, ubuntustudio

 16:15:16 <Laney> I didn't see any note of that in their release reports

 16:15:21 <Laney> just wanted to check that it was known

 16:15:29 <balloons> Laney, bug?

 16:15:30 <xnox> Laney: is it pending splitting source package in two & uploading old gtk2-only package?

 16:15:45 <skaet> gilir, astraljava, scott-work  ^^

 16:16:10 <gilir> Laney, it's known, we are trying to find a solution to upload a gtk2 source

 16:16:12 <xnox> balloons: there was thread on -release or -devel where the feedback was gathered about dropping gtk2-indicators

 16:16:14 <Laney> xnox: I suppose that and a maintainer

 16:16:30 <Laney> balloons: I don't have a bug number, just noted that the images were no longer building because of this

 16:16:40 <skaet> thanks Laney

 16:16:53 <Laney> so, probably a concern for beta 1 for these product

 16:16:54 <Laney> s

 16:17:18 <Laney> ..

 16:17:24 <skaet> appreciate you bringing it up here.    Thanks.

 16:17:44 <skaet> ok,   we're way over,  so time to end meeting....

 16:17:54 <Daviey> Thanks.

 16:17:54 <skaet> please take follow up to the ubuntu-release email list.

 16:18:10 <skaet> Thanks balloons, gema, arosales, seb128, popey, slangasek, stgraber, Daviey, smartboyhw, ogra_, rsalveti, brendand, Laney, jocarter, xnox, for the good discussions today.

 16:18:14 <skaet> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)