#title #ubuntu-meeting Meeting

Meeting started by skaet at 15:00:28 UTC.  The full logs are available
at
http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2012/ubuntu-meeting.2012-08-03-15.00.log.html
.



== Meeting summary ==

''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ReleaseTeam/Meeting/2012-08-03   (skaet, 15:00:47)
''LINK:'' https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-August/001645.html - HW Cert - brendand  (skaet, 15:01:28)
''LINK:'' https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-August/001648.html - Security - mdeslaur  (skaet, 15:01:30)
''LINK:'' https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-August/001650.html - Ubuntu Studio - ScottL  (skaet, 15:01:32)
''LINK:'' https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-August/001651.html - Lubuntu - gilir  (skaet, 15:01:34)
''LINK:'' https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-August/001653.html - Edubuntu - stgraber  (skaet, 15:01:36)
''LINK:'' https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-August/001655.html - Ubuntu One - joshuahoover  (skaet, 15:01:38)
''LINK:'' https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-August/001656.html - Desktop - seb128  (skaet, 15:01:41)
''LINK:'' https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-August/001661.html - Server - arosales  (skaet, 15:01:43)
''LINK:'' https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-August/001662.html - Linaro - rsalveti  (skaet, 15:01:45)
''LINK:'' https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-August/001663.html - Xubuntu - astraljava  (skaet, 15:01:47)
''LINK:'' https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-August/001664.html - Kubuntu - Riddell  (skaet, 15:01:49)
''LINK:'' https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-August/001665.html - Unity - popey  (skaet, 15:01:51)
''LINK:'' https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/kernel-team/2012-August/021467.html - Kernel - ogasawara  (skaet, 15:01:53)
''LINK:'' https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-August/001666.html - Foundations - ogra_  (skaet, 15:01:56)
 *Questions and Comments
''LINK:'' http://wiki.ubuntu.com/ARM/OMAP   (ogra_, 15:33:57)



Meeting ended at 15:37:58 UTC.



== Votes ==




== Action items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * skaet (98)
 * ogra_ (40)
 * balloons (13)
 * popey (9)
 * smartboyhw (7)
 * ubottu (5)
 * ogasawara (5)
 * arosales (4)
 * brendand (3)
 * meetingology (3)
 * scott-work (2)
 * fabo (2)
 * Riddell (2)
 * seb128 (2)
 * roadmr (2)
 * tumbleweed (1)
 * jocarter (1)
 * stgraber (1)
 * mdeslaur (1)
 * gilir (1)
 * arosales1 (1)



== Full Log ==


 15:00:28 <skaet> #startmeeting

 15:00:28 <meetingology> Meeting started Fri Aug  3 15:00:28 2012 UTC.  The chair is skaet. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 15:00:28 <meetingology> 

 15:00:28 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 15:00:47 <skaet> Agenda (and minute location):

 15:00:47 <skaet> https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ReleaseTeam/Meeting/2012-08-03

 15:00:47 <skaet> .

 15:00:47 <skaet> Upcoming dates:

 15:00:47 <skaet> 12.10

 15:00:48 <skaet> 2012/08/23: Quantal FeatureFreeze

 15:00:50 <skaet> 2012/09/06: 12.10 Beta 1

 15:00:52 <skaet> 12.04.1

 15:00:54 <skaet> 2012/08/09: KernelFreeze, LanguageTranslationDeadline, SRU Fix Validation Testing

 15:00:58 <skaet> 2012/08/16: FinalFreeze, ReleaseNoteFreeze

 15:01:00 <skaet> 2012/08/23: Ubuntu 12.04.1

 15:01:02 <skaet> .

 15:01:04 <skaet> Work Items:

 15:01:06 <skaet> 2012/07/20 -  3001 (was 2966  (two weeks ago):   We�ve gotten behind the trendline for some of the projects.    There are only 3 weeks left until FeatureFreeze, so getting us back on track would be appreciated.

 15:01:09 <skaet> Please help get us back where we should be by making sure https://launchpad.net/~/+upcomingwork is up to date for your tasks.

 15:01:12 <skaet> .

 15:01:14 <skaet> Bugs:

 15:01:16 <skaet> Quantal: http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-q-tracking-bug-tasks.html

 15:01:18 <skaet> 12.04.1: http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/milestone-12.04.1.html

 15:01:20 <skaet> 12.04.1: https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/precise/+bugs?field.milestone%3Alist=49926

 15:01:22 <skaet> .

 15:01:24 <skaet> Weekly Status Received:

 15:01:28 <skaet> https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-August/001645.html - HW Cert - brendand

 15:01:30 <skaet> https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-August/001648.html - Security - mdeslaur

 15:01:32 <skaet> https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-August/001650.html - Ubuntu Studio - ScottL

 15:01:34 <skaet> https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-August/001651.html - Lubuntu - gilir

 15:01:36 <skaet> https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-August/001653.html - Edubuntu - stgraber

 15:01:38 <skaet> https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-August/001655.html - Ubuntu One - joshuahoover

 15:01:41 <skaet> https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-August/001656.html - Desktop - seb128

 15:01:43 <skaet> https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-August/001661.html - Server - arosales

 15:01:45 <skaet> https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-August/001662.html - Linaro - rsalveti

 15:01:47 <skaet> https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-August/001663.html - Xubuntu - astraljava

 15:01:49 <skaet> https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-August/001664.html - Kubuntu - Riddell

 15:01:51 <skaet> https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-August/001665.html - Unity - popey

 15:01:53 <skaet> https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/kernel-team/2012-August/021467.html - Kernel - ogasawara

 15:01:56 <skaet> https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-August/001666.html - Foundations - ogra_

 15:01:58 <skaet> ???  - QA - jibel or gema

 15:02:00 <skaet> .

 15:02:02 <skaet> Meeting conventions:

 15:02:04 <skaet> To make this meeting efficient for everyone (and hopefully reduce confusion), would appreciate it if everyone tried to follow these conventions.

 15:02:07 <skaet> At start of meeting, please wave or say hi so we know you're present and paying attention.

 15:02:09 <skaet> Once the topic, becomes Question and Answer Session,

 15:02:11 <skaet> When you have a new question to ask, or thread of conversation to start off, please raise your hand "o/"

 15:02:14 <skaet> If your just asking a follow up question/commenting on the current open question - just type.

 15:02:17 <skaet> When possible, please target your questions to specific individuals by using their nick. Others should feel free to comment if they have information to add to the discussion.

 15:02:20 <skaet> When you've finished your comments on the current question/discussion topic, please use the convention ".." so we know you're done, and we can move on to the next queue'd up question (as indicated by a 'o/').

 15:02:23 <skaet> I'll try to call on folks in the order I see "o/"s showing up after the Q&C session starts.

 15:02:27 <skaet> ..

 15:02:29 <skaet> #topic Questions and Comments

 15:02:48 <seb128> hey

 15:02:53 <ogra_> skaet, gema just say everything is fine (they are on the QA sprint atm)

 15:02:56 <seb128> (sorry, a bit late)

 15:02:58 <ogra_> *says

 15:03:10 <skaet> thanks ogra_

 15:03:14 <Riddell> hi

 15:03:20 <skaet> hiya seb128,  who else is here?

 15:03:28 <gilir> hi

 15:03:31 <arosales1> hello

 15:03:32 <mdeslaur> o/

 15:03:35 * ogasawara waves

 15:03:36 <stgraber> o/

 15:03:45 <roadmr> hey!

 15:04:01 <smartboyhw> Hi

 15:04:32 <skaet> welcome.  :)

 15:04:41 <smartboyhw> Thanks

 15:04:51 <balloons> hello

 15:05:15 <smartboyhw> Hey balloons!

 15:05:17 <popey> o/

 15:05:34 <tumbleweed> hi

 15:05:38 <brendand> hi

 15:05:47 <jocarter> howdy

 15:05:54 <skaet> ok,   I'll start into some of the questions I've got queued up,  but at any time raise hand now,  and I'll call on you for yours.

 15:06:09 <Riddell> jocarter: new nick?

 15:06:09 <skaet> brendand, roadmr - could you start smoke testing of 12.04.1 images and let us know which of the currently open certification bugs are not resolved early next week?   (use one of daily images built off of -proposed)

 15:06:52 <roadmr> skaet: yes, we can do that.

 15:07:05 <skaet> Thanks roadmr!  :)

 15:07:07 <skaet> ..

 15:07:25 <brendand> skaet, smoke testing we can do for sure. bug verification maybe not

 15:08:20 <skaet> brendand,   can the verification focus on 12.04.1 at least,  so we can get those images as clean as possible?

 15:08:39 <ogra_> o/

 15:08:40 <brendand> skaet, we can try our best

 15:09:17 <skaet> Thanks brendand.   Will follow up with you early next week then.

 15:09:23 <skaet> ..

 15:09:40 <skaet> go ogra_

 15:09:47 <ogra_> wasnt popey before me ?

 15:09:55 <ogra_> (but i can indeed) ...

 15:10:07 <ogra_> ogasawara, any status update about the omap4 3.5 kernel ?

 15:10:17 <ogra_> ..

 15:10:33 * skaet was assuming he was just saying hello,  but if popey's got a question,  please go after ogra_  ;)

 15:10:40 <ogasawara> ogra_: last update I had from ppisati was that he was still working on the rebase

 15:10:49 <popey> sorry, I was saying hello :)

 15:10:59 <ogasawara> ogra_: he is off today, but I will follow back up with him monday

 15:11:00 <ogra_> k, would be good to have it before FF so we can have some testing before the kernel freeze

 15:11:06 <ogra_> great, thx

 15:11:07 <ogasawara> ogra_: ack

 15:11:08 <ogra_> ..

 15:11:10 <ogasawara> ..

 15:11:35 <skaet> arosales - re: MIR backlog,  are they all quantal specific?   are there folks working them or is it a limbo situation?

 15:11:57 <arosales> I think a few were juju related that may help elevaitate

 15:12:14 <arosales> yes, and quantal specific

 15:12:35 <arosales> I think they are being worked, just a comment on the larger queue size

 15:13:02 <skaet> gotcha,   certainly want to make sure they're all resolved before we get to feature freeze.

 15:13:09 <skaet> thanks.

 15:13:15 <skaet> ..

 15:13:42 * skaet looks around for other "o/" before going back to her set.

 15:14:08 <skaet> popey - is there anyone working on https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/unity/+bug/1008918?

 15:14:10 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1008918 in unity (Ubuntu Quantal) "wrong display in dashboard after first time clicking the dashboard button" [High,Confirmed]

 15:15:05 * popey clicks

 15:16:07 <skaet> also for your clicking pleasure...   Would it be possible to get the importance set on:  bug: 950160 - its on our commited to be fixed list, and want to make sure that it is indeed committed to be fixed, and which version drop we should expect it.

 15:16:08 <skaet> Also,  are bug 1028828, bug 1028859, bug 1028972 going to be fixed soon?

 15:16:09 <popey> skaet, not that I'm aware of, I will find someone though

 15:16:10 <popey> ..

 15:16:11 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1028828 in indicator-datetime (Ubuntu) "the weekday name: "SUN, MON, TUE, WED, THU, FRI, SAT" is not displayed correctly in the date and time window" [High,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1028828

 15:16:12 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1028859 in indicator-datetime (Ubuntu) "a "Invalid UTF 8" appears at the place where the time should be displayed in the notification area after some config in date&time setting" [High,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1028859

 15:16:13 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1028972 in indicator-session (Ubuntu) "Empty session menu in ltsp client" [High,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1028972

 15:16:37 <popey> bug

 15:16:41 <popey> bug 950160

 15:16:43 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 950160 in OEM Priority Project precise "Unity blocks other programs from binding globally to Super+* or Alt+* (* = any key)" [Critical,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/950160

 15:17:49 <skaet> unity and compiz bug tasks on that one don't have prioirity...

 15:17:59 <popey> skaet, I'll raise those with the devs..

 15:18:05 <popey> ..

 15:18:15 <skaet> thanks popey.  :)

 15:18:50 <skaet> ..

 15:18:55 <skaet> balloons - did you see the blog entry in Linaro�s status?  might be useful for your WIKI page? http://jcrigby.blogspot.fi/2012/07/usb-booting-panda-board.html

 15:19:13 <balloons> skaet, looking now

 15:19:18 <skaet> ..

 15:19:27 <ogra_> that method still has massive bugs and only works with one panda version as described

 15:19:46 <balloons> ohh.. neat

 15:20:00 <skaet> ogra_,  ah....  so we'll expect your blog post to be even more helpful then...  ;)

 15:20:09 <ogra_> (we have been working with linaro to fix these during the qa sprint since we use the same thing for the automated arm image testing now, but the code hasnt landed in a package yet)

 15:20:25 <balloons> is this an alt technique or the ideal way to do things going forward?

 15:20:38 <ogra_> (as skaet noted, i'll blog about that the next days, hopefully the fixes are landed in the usbboot binary too then)

 15:21:03 <ogra_> balloons, i would only use it if you actually see benefit from it

 15:21:46 <smartboyhw> This method is dangerous, balloons

 15:21:48 <ogra_> i.e. for the automated image testing we use it to dd an image to SD from the tftpbooted initrd ....

 15:22:13 <ogra_> if you cant use the SD or want to avoid using it its the right thing ...

 15:22:15 <ogra_> ..

 15:22:47 <skaet> thanks ogra_

 15:22:53 <ogra_> (as soon as there is a bootloader on the SD the ROM code will ignore usb though)

 15:22:55 <ogra_> ..

 15:23:26 <skaet> scott-work - what is the status of 12.04.1 looking like?   can someone do a smoke test of the images in Precise Daily  this next week to make sure no surprises.

 15:23:52 <scott-work> yes, we can do that skaet

 15:24:08 <skaet> scott-work, coolio.   Thanks!  :)

 15:24:09 <skaet> ..

 15:24:14 <scott-work> ..

 15:24:40 <skaet> astraljava,   will Xubuntu be able to do some smoke testing for 12.04.1 from the dailies as well?

 15:26:11 <skaet> hmm... not sure if astraljava is around.

 15:26:41 <smartboyhw> He hasn't gone away or idle..

 15:27:22 <skaet> oh well,  moving on.

 15:27:22 <smartboyhw> ..

 15:27:25 <skaet> :)

 15:27:30 <skaet> fabo,   is there any ETA on the PVR driver?

 15:28:50 * skaet reaching the end of her list.....   any one else have questions?   please o/ if so.

 15:29:30 <skaet> ..

 15:30:17 <skaet> balloons,  any surprises or concerns coming in from the daily testing for either quantal or precise?

 15:30:28 <balloons> skaet, nothing beyond the arm images

 15:30:49 <balloons> there on my to test list today.. the community folks haven't gotten any dailies to run since alpha 3

 15:31:00 <smartboyhw> Really , balloons?

 15:31:08 <ogra_> balloons, the arm images are fine ... its the pvr driver that makes it fail

 15:31:13 <balloons> ogra_, :-)

 15:31:19 <ogra_> (selecting "install third party drivers"

 15:31:21 <ogra_> )

 15:31:32 <ogra_> i commanetd on the bug and pointed it to the right package

 15:31:36 <ogra_> *commented

 15:31:38 <balloons> ok, I'll give it a whirl and see myself.. Thanks for commenting

 15:32:14 <ogra_> (we just did serveral automated server installs over here at the QA sprint btw, generally everything should eb installable)

 15:32:15 <ogra_> ..

 15:32:35 <balloons> ogra_, ohh , yes I had someone interested in arm server stuff

 15:32:44 <balloons> there isn't a walkthrough on the wiki for it yet

 15:32:53 <balloons> I should put one together.. but I haven't done it yet

 15:32:56 * ogra_ points to the server team ;)

 15:33:35 <skaet> balloons,  where's the wiki again?

 15:33:40 <ogra_> oh... another note ... since we changed the image format completely i will need to update the general install instructions for arm ... will do that next week once i'm back in a normal timezone

 15:33:42 <ogra_> ...

 15:33:57 <ogra_> http://wiki.ubuntu.com/ARM/OMAP

 15:34:04 <ogra_> (for all omap images)

 15:34:17 <ogra_> server install is maintained as a subset by the server team though

 15:34:18 <ogra_> ..

 15:34:23 <skaet> thanks ogra_

 15:34:38 <skaet> ..

 15:34:52 <fabo> skaet: our PPA has been updated. I'll check with Ricardo for ETA.

 15:34:53 <fabo> ..

 15:34:59 <arosales> ogra_:  Is there a particular ARM image that is lacking in the documentation on the wiki?

 15:35:00 <skaet> thanks fabo :)

 15:35:05 <ogra_> apart from having to dd the image to SD card instead of writing an iso to CD or USB the install is 100% identical to x86 nowadays though

 15:35:05 <balloons> ogra_, ahh ok.. I'll go through and see if I can get it to work.

 15:35:06 <ogra_> ..

 15:35:14 <balloons> looks like we just need to add quantal links to that

 15:35:18 <ogra_> (since we have identical images now)

 15:35:20 <ogra_> ..

 15:35:47 <ogra_> arosales, we dont have preinstalled anymore ...

 15:35:59 <ogra_> (just using the same ones as x86 now)

 15:36:00 <ogra_> ..

 15:36:38 <skaet> ok,  looks like end of meeting time.

 15:36:58 <skaet> just want to restate that we're getting a bit behind on our work items.

 15:37:27 <skaet> so a bit of extra attention to figuring out what is still going to be possible,  and what's definitely not going to make it for quantal would be appreciated.

 15:37:31 <skaet> ..

 15:37:56 <skaet> Thanks roadmr, brendand, stgraber, jocarter, Riddell, ogra_, seb128, popey, smartboyhw, gilir, arosales, mdeslaur, tumbleweed, fabo, balloons, ogasawara

 15:37:58 <skaet> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)