#title #ubuntu-meeting Meeting

Meeting started by jdstrand at 18:00:49 UTC.  The full logs are
available at
http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2012/ubuntu-meeting.2012-02-13-18.00.log.html
.



== Meeting summary ==

''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting   (jdstrand, 18:00:59)
 *Announcements

 *Review of any previous action items

 *Weekly stand-up report

 *Highlighted packages
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/sitecopy.html   (jdstrand, 18:17:19)
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/libspring-2.5-java.html   (jdstrand, 18:17:24)
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/smbind.html   (jdstrand, 18:17:27)
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/php-suhosin.html   (jdstrand, 18:17:30)
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/icecast2.html   (jdstrand, 18:17:33)

 *Miscellaneous and Questions



Meeting ended at 18:20:47 UTC.



== Votes ==




== Action items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * jdstrand (42)
 * sbeattie (15)
 * mdeslaur (10)
 * jjohansen (10)
 * tyhicks (6)
 * meetingology (3)



== Full Log ==


 18:00:49 <jdstrand> #startmeeting

 18:00:49 <meetingology> Meeting started Mon Feb 13 18:00:49 2012 UTC.  The chair is jdstrand. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 18:00:49 <meetingology> 

 18:00:49 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 18:00:59 <jdstrand> [LINK] https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting

 18:01:06 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Announcements

 18:01:20 <jdstrand> FeatureFreeze is this week (February 16th). Please try to finish any non-bugfix work items that are tied to the release by this date. Please talk to mdeslaur (and optionally me) soon if there are issues meeting this deadline. This is particularly true for essential and high priority items.

 18:01:33 <jdstrand> Thanks to the following people:

 18:01:38 <jdstrand> Imre Gergely (cemc) provided debdiffs for hardy-precise for pdns (LP: #918588)

 18:01:42 <jdstrand> Zubin Mithra (zubin-mithra) assisted with updating atop in lucid and maverick (LP: #820497)

 18:01:51 <jdstrand> Your work is very much appreciated and will keep Ubuntu users secure. Great job! :)

 18:02:04 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Review of any previous action items

 18:02:18 * jdstrand sbeattie to follow up on qrt bugs from QA team

 18:02:20 * sbeattie facepalms

 18:02:29 * jdstrand keeps action on list

 18:02:35 <jdstrand> :)

 18:02:36 <sbeattie> thank you.

 18:02:37 <sbeattie> :-)

 18:02:47 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Weekly stand-up report

 18:03:00 <jdstrand> I'll go first

 18:03:07 <jdstrand> I'm in the happy place

 18:03:43 <jdstrand> last week I had meetings around the partner archive. the issues surrounding it should now be resolved with clear processes

 18:03:56 <sbeattie> \o/

 18:03:58 <jdstrand> some of this was mentioned briefly on the TB mailing list

 18:04:22 <jdstrand> I've got quite a bit of internal follow-ups I am working on

 18:05:22 <jdstrand> I'm surely behind again on archive admin stuff (tough time in the cycle with FF looming) and will need to spend some time on that

 18:05:45 <jdstrand> got through several MIR audits last week, but there are a lot more

 18:05:59 <jdstrand> As mentioned last week, I might ask for help, but not yet

 18:06:20 <jdstrand> besides that, I might try to finish a few work items before FF

 18:06:24 <jdstrand> we'll see

 18:06:29 <jdstrand> mdeslaur: you're next

 18:06:50 <mdeslaur> I'm on community this week

 18:07:00 <mdeslaur> there's a few community security updates to sponsor

 18:07:04 <mdeslaur> and I'm currently working on cvs

 18:07:17 <mdeslaur> and will probably steal apache2 from sbeattie if he doesn't object

 18:07:26 <mdeslaur> and will further go down the list

 18:07:33 <mdeslaur> wednesday, I'll be patch piloting

 18:07:33 <sbeattie> mdeslaur: no objections here

 18:07:44 <mdeslaur> and, that's about it from me. sbeattie, you're next

 18:07:49 <mdeslaur> sbeattie: ok, consider apache2 stolen

 18:08:08 <sbeattie> I'm on triage this week

 18:08:14 <jdstrand> oh I forgot-- I've got 2 pending updates

 18:08:30 <sbeattie> php regression fix just went out the door.

 18:08:33 <mdeslaur> sbeattie: my apologies, I didn't triage on friday as I was out

 18:08:40 <sbeattie> mdeslaur: no worries

 18:09:01 <sbeattie> I've got glibc and an embargoed issue on my plate

 18:09:15 <sbeattie> I also need to get back to my apparmor work items

 18:09:25 <sbeattie> ... and I think that's it for me.

 18:09:41 <sbeattie> micahg is away for a bit, I think, so tyhicks?

 18:09:50 <tyhicks> I'm in the happy place this week

 18:10:23 <tyhicks> I'm still working on the ruby1.8 update

 18:10:55 <tyhicks> I have accumulated a few eCryptfs kernel fixes that I'll need to prepare a pull request for sometime early this week, but that should be quick and smooth

 18:11:03 <tyhicks> That's it for me

 18:11:10 <tyhicks> jjohansen: you're up

 18:11:12 <mdeslaur> tyhicks: cool, glad to have you back on reactive work

 18:11:38 <tyhicks> mdeslaur: Glad to be back on it :)

 18:11:47 <jdstrand> \o/

 18:11:49 <jjohansen> so, its mount rule testing and bug fixing for me, as well as martially all the changes to submit patches and pull requests

 18:12:12 <jdstrand> tyhicks: me too. thanks for all your hard work getting ecryptfs into good shape for precise

 18:12:58 <jdstrand> jjohansen: nice :)

 18:12:58 <sbeattie> jjohansen: what shape are mount rules in>

 18:12:59 <jjohansen> errr, s/martially/marshalling/

 18:13:28 <jjohansen> sbeattie: well not as good as I would like, but I am boot a kernel to do more testing on now

 18:13:41 <jjohansen> sbeattie: I let you know when it blows up on me again

 18:13:48 <jjohansen> :/

 18:14:16 <sbeattie> jjohansen: okay. Note that I have work items to help write testcases for mount rules.

 18:14:25 <jjohansen> really they aren't that bad off, most things are there I am testing with a reduced permission set right now as there is a bad bug in the extended permissions

 18:14:44 <jjohansen> sbeattie: yeah you will be getting stuff to play with today

 18:14:54 <sbeattie> jjohansen: awesome, thanks!

 18:15:05 <jjohansen> sbeattie: they are passing the parser regression tests atm

 18:15:16 <jjohansen> not that it couldn't use a lot more

 18:15:56 <jjohansen> hrmm, I guess thats it from me, jdstrand back to you

 18:16:10 <jdstrand> thanks

 18:16:45 <jdstrand> as mentioned micahg is not here today, but he is working on tbird and chromium updates, ff10 bug triage and back to webkit

 18:16:56 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Highlighted packages

 18:17:01 <jdstrand> The Ubuntu Security team will highlight some community-supported packages that might be good candidates for updating and or triaging. If you would like to help Ubuntu and not sure where to start, this is a great way to do so.

 18:17:05 <jdstrand> See https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/UpdateProcedures for details and if you have any questions, feel free to ask in #ubuntu-security. To find out other ways of helping out, please see https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/GettingInvolved.

 18:17:19 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/sitecopy.html

 18:17:24 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/libspring-2.5-java.html

 18:17:27 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/smbind.html

 18:17:30 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/php-suhosin.html

 18:17:33 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/icecast2.html

 18:17:42 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Miscellaneous and Questions

 18:17:46 <jdstrand> Does anyone have any other questions or items to discuss?

 18:20:45 <jdstrand> mdeslaur, sbeattie, tyhicks, jjohansen: thanks!

 18:20:47 <jdstrand> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)