#title #ubuntu-meeting Meeting

Meeting started by jdstrand at 18:04:30 UTC.  The full logs are
available at
http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2012/ubuntu-meeting.2012-12-17-18.04.log.html
.



== Meeting summary ==

''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting   (jdstrand, 18:04:35)
 *Announcements

 *Weekly stand-up report

 *Highlighted packages
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/ircd-ratbox.html   (jdstrand, 18:25:47)
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/dracut.html   (jdstrand, 18:25:50)
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/xymon.html   (jdstrand, 18:25:53)
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/libapache2-mod-auth-openid.html   (jdstrand, 18:25:56)
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/pnp4nagios.html   (jdstrand, 18:26:01)

 *Miscellaneous and Questions



Meeting ended at 18:28:14 UTC.



== Votes ==




== Action items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * jdstrand (37)
 * sarnold (13)
 * mdeslaur (10)
 * tyhicks (7)
 * sbeattie (6)
 * micahg (3)
 * meetingology (3)
 * doko (2)
 * ubottu (1)



== Full Log ==


 18:04:30 <jdstrand> #startmeeting

 18:04:30 <meetingology> Meeting started Mon Dec 17 18:04:30 2012 UTC.  The chair is jdstrand. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 18:04:30 <meetingology> 

 18:04:30 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 18:04:34 <jdstrand> The meeting agenda can be found at:

 18:04:35 <jdstrand> [LINK] https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting

 18:04:39 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Announcements

 18:04:59 <jdstrand> thanks to Christian Kuersteiner (ckuerste) provided a debdiff for lucid for pgbouncer (LP: #1083414)

 18:05:01 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1083414 in pgbouncer (Ubuntu Raring) "DoS-Vulnerability in pgbouncer" [Undecided,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1083414

 18:05:08 <jdstrand> Your work is very much appreciated and will keep Ubuntu users secure. Great job! :)

 18:05:13 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Weekly stand-up report

 18:05:17 <jdstrand> I'll go first

 18:05:32 <jdstrand> I've got a short week this week-- off Thu and Fri

 18:05:39 <jdstrand> I'm on community

 18:06:23 <jdstrand> I plan to look at an old apport/apparmor hardening update

 18:06:47 <jdstrand> I also hope to look at some audits and tick off various things off my todo list

 18:06:58 <jdstrand> mdeslaur: you're up

 18:07:08 <mdeslaur> I'm in the happy place this week

 18:07:14 <mdeslaur> I just published a few updates

 18:07:25 <mdeslaur> and I plan on doing some merges

 18:07:39 <mdeslaur> I have a short week as I'm off starting on thursday at noon

 18:07:52 <mdeslaur> and I'll look at some other CVEs, time permitting

 18:07:54 <mdeslaur> that's it from me

 18:07:56 <mdeslaur> sbeattie: you're up

 18:08:16 <sbeattie> I have a very short week this week, as I am on holiday starting tomorrow

 18:08:47 <sbeattie> (I'll be available and sporadically checking irc/email)

 18:09:08 <sbeattie> Otherwise, I'm continuing to work on apparmor display manager stuff

 18:09:20 <sbeattie> that's it for me. micahg?

 18:09:43 <mdeslaur> sbeattie: hehe, you must not have felt like getting up this morning :)

 18:10:20 <micahg> I've got more webkit, patch piloting, and hopefully Chromium if qengho tracks down the issues he's working on

 18:10:44 <micahg> that's it

 18:11:22 <micahg> tyhicks: ping

 18:11:31 <tyhicks> I'm working on an embargoed item

 18:11:41 <tyhicks> I'll be working on the apparmor kernel policy interface work item, as well

 18:12:15 <tyhicks> I should also take a look at the outstanding eCryptfs kernel patches sent to me recently since the kernel merge window will close this week

 18:12:28 <tyhicks> I'm working all week

 18:12:33 <tyhicks> that's it for me

 18:12:35 <tyhicks> jjohansen: you're up

 18:13:24 <doko> sarnold, fyi, the one issue that the gcc trunk build was broken with ssp is now fixed

 18:13:40 <sarnold> doko: excellent, thank you :)

 18:14:04 <jdstrand> jj isn't here

 18:14:05 <doko> now reenabling again format security

 18:14:10 <jdstrand> sarnold: you're up

 18:14:15 <sbeattie> doko: \o/

 18:14:18 <tyhicks> oh yeah, sorry

 18:14:39 <sarnold> I'm on triage this week

 18:14:42 <jdstrand> I think he is working on getting 2.8 alpha together and the base labeling patches done before the break

 18:15:19 <jdstrand> (he should be here most of the week as well)

 18:15:45 * jdstrand is done

 18:15:51 <jdstrand> sarnold: sorry

 18:16:30 <sarnold> I've been reading and re-reading the bugzilla report from dwmw2 and trying to re-create the problem on my laptop

 18:16:44 <sarnold> I'd like to recreate the problem in a way that leads to reproducers that could be added to QRT

 18:17:06 <jdstrand> sarnold: is that a gcc thing?

 18:17:20 <sarnold> (dwmw2's configuration is _highly_ specific to his use, and isn't easy to recreate... I've found that the dnsmasq spawned by juju seems ideal at showing the problem...)

 18:17:28 <jdstrand> ah, dnsmasq

 18:17:33 <sarnold> jdstrand: ah, no, sorry, dnsmasq

 18:18:47 <sarnold> I'm currently poking at using the 'dummy' interfaces because the ethernet aliases don't have the correct 'bind to interface' properties that a 'real' interface would have, and I want them separate from my physical interfaces...

 18:19:47 <sarnold> I think I'm going to be using tcpdump, tcprewrite, and tcpreplay to fiddle with the packets, though I'm not 100% confident that tcpreplay will let me send to a 'wrong' ip for a given interface.

 18:20:36 <sarnold> the patch itself is surprisingly small for the effort though; I feel like dnsmasq is important enough to get right to put in this time, but wouldn't mind be persuaded to just do the update.

 18:20:57 <jdstrand> sarnold: hmm, you might check out scapy

 18:21:04 <sbeattie> sarnold: hrm, is this something where testing in a multi-interfaced vm would make more sense?

 18:21:24 <sarnold> sbeattie: ah, it could.

 18:21:35 <mdeslaur> sarnold: you can look at the instructions for quagga for examples on multi-vm testing instructions

 18:22:13 <sarnold> I was hoping to stick with dummy just so that it would be easier to put into qrt tests -- something that could be configured and run entirely on one host, you know?

 18:22:19 <mdeslaur> sarnold: or isc-dhcp

 18:22:29 <sarnold> mdeslaur: cool, thanks. :)

 18:23:58 <jdstrand> sarnold: one host is definitely nice. there are some tests scripts (libvirt, krb5, openldap (iirc)) that can be given an extra argument to connect to another server

 18:24:12 <jdstrand> which is a totally acceptable fallback

 18:25:02 <jdstrand> sarnold: do you have more to report?

 18:25:25 <sarnold> jdstrand: no, that's it. thanks.

 18:25:30 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Highlighted packages

 18:25:37 <jdstrand> The Ubuntu Security team will highlight some community-supported packages that might be good candidates for updating and or triaging. If you would like to help Ubuntu and not sure where to start, this is a great way to do so.

 18:25:41 <jdstrand> See https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/UpdateProcedures for details and if you have any questions, feel free to ask in #ubuntu-security. To find out other ways of helping out, please see https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/GettingInvolved.

 18:25:47 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/ircd-ratbox.html

 18:25:50 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/dracut.html

 18:25:53 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/xymon.html

 18:25:56 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/libapache2-mod-auth-openid.html

 18:26:01 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/pnp4nagios.html

 18:26:11 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Miscellaneous and Questions

 18:26:16 <jdstrand> Does anyone have any other questions or items to discuss?

 18:28:13 <jdstrand> mdeslaur, sbeattie, micahg, tyhicks, sarnold: thanks!

 18:28:14 <jdstrand> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)