#title #ubuntu-meeting Meeting

Meeting started by bodhi_zazen at 23:00:09 UTC.  The full logs are
available at
http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2012/ubuntu-meeting.2012-05-23-23.00.log.html
.



== Meeting summary ==

''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ForumCouncilAgenda   (bodhi_zazen, 23:00:22)
 *ARchiving Forums

 *New theme
''LINK:'' http://ubuntuforums.org/showthread.php?t=1981875   (bodhi_zazen, 23:11:49)
''LINK:'' http://ubuntuforums.org/showthread.php?t=1977732   (bodhi_zazen, 23:13:35)

 *Wiki team
''LINK:'' http://ubuntuforums.org/showpost.php?p=11959014&postcount=49   (bodhi_zazen, 23:14:42)
''LINK:'' http://bodhizazen.net/tweaks/ubforums2ubwiki.sh.txt   (bodhi_zazen, 23:18:13)

 *General Message

 *New Staff

 *Application development forum

 *New Members
''LINK:'' http://ubuntuforums.org/forumdisplay.php?f=404   (bodhi_zazen, 23:32:27)

 *Division of labor

 *dev forums
''LINK:'' http://ubuntuforums.org/index.php?page=policy   (bodhi_zazen, 23:54:50)
''LINK:'' http://askubuntu.com/users/35795/bodhi-zazen   (bodhi_zazen, 00:01:20)
''LINK:'' http://chat.stackexchange.com/   (bodhi_zazen, 00:04:39)
''LINK:'' http://chat.stackexchange.com/rooms/201/ask-ubuntu-general-room   (bodhi_zazen, 00:05:25)
''LINK:'' http://meta.askubuntu.com/   (bodhi_zazen, 00:09:27)

 *Open floor



Meeting ended at 00:17:26 UTC.



== Votes ==


 * roffiscoder to come back after contributing to community
   For: 6 Against: 0 Abstained: 0

 * hakermania for membership ?
   For: 4 Against: 0 Abstained: 2

 * Primefalcon for membership
   For: 3 Against: 0 Abstained: 3

 * sandyd for membership
   For: 6 Against: 0 Abstained: 0

 * Archive threads inactive for > 12 months , every 6 months (in sync with release cycles)
   For: 3 Against: 1 Abstained: 0



== Action items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * bodhi_zazen (187)
 * s-fox (105)
 * meetingology (57)
 * mhall119 (41)
 * cariboo907 (29)
 * Iowan (21)
 * overdrank (14)
 * CharlesA (11)
 * coffeecat (11)
 * nothingspecial (7)
 * JonEdney (6)
 * moergaes (5)
 * sandyd (4)
 * wildmanne39 (2)
 * matt_symes (1)



== Full Log ==


 23:00:09 <bodhi_zazen> #startmeeting

 23:00:09 <meetingology> Meeting started Wed May 23 23:00:09 2012 UTC.  The chair is bodhi_zazen. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 23:00:09 <meetingology> 

 23:00:09 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 23:00:22 <bodhi_zazen> [link]https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ForumCouncilAgenda

 23:00:42 <bodhi_zazen> Light schedule this month ;)

 23:00:59 <s-fox> yay

 23:01:05 <Iowan> +1

 23:01:05 <bodhi_zazen> [TOPIC] ARchiving Forums

 23:01:12 <s-fox> thanks again bodhi_zazen for chairing this meeting

 23:01:24 <bodhi_zazen> Did we ever come up with a policy for this ?

 23:01:46 <s-fox> o/

 23:01:57 <cariboo907> I think we are still discussing it, some are for it  and some are against

 23:03:05 <bodhi_zazen> do we want to discuss this and determine if we can come to a consensus ?

 23:03:38 <s-fox> Does anyone object to archiving seriously old posts?

 23:03:49 <CharlesA> Not I.

 23:03:51 <s-fox> very black and white, but just to punt it out there

 23:04:10 <cariboo907> nope, I thought we decide on two year old threads, but I may be wrong

 23:04:11 <bodhi_zazen> No, I think we should archive posts / threads which have become inactive for what __ months ?

 23:04:14 <bodhi_zazen> 6-12 ?

 23:04:21 <CharlesA> +1

 23:04:24 <Iowan> Someone will object - but that someone is not me...

 23:04:30 <CharlesA> 12 months seems reasonable imho

 23:04:36 <s-fox> i would like to cover lts bodhi_zazen

 23:04:51 <cariboo907> In the +1 forum they expect it every 6 months :)

 23:04:58 <bodhi_zazen> [VOTE]Archive threads inactive for > 12 months , every 6 months (in sync with release cycles)

 23:04:58 <meetingology> Please vote on: Archive threads inactive for > 12 months , every 6 months (in sync with release cycles)

 23:04:58 <meetingology> Public votes can be registered by saying +1, +0 or -1 in channel, (private votes don't work yet, but when they do it will be by messaging the channel followed by +1/-1/+0 to me)

 23:04:59 <CharlesA> heheh

 23:05:07 <bodhi_zazen> +1

 23:05:07 <meetingology> +1 received from bodhi_zazen

 23:05:10 <cariboo907> +1

 23:05:10 <meetingology> +1 received from cariboo907

 23:05:11 <CharlesA> +1

 23:05:11 <meetingology> +1 received from CharlesA

 23:05:12 <s-fox> -1

 23:05:12 <meetingology> -1 received from s-fox

 23:05:15 <bodhi_zazen> LTS is not static though s-fox

 23:05:27 <bodhi_zazen> [ENDVOTE]

 23:05:27 <meetingology> Voting ended on: Archive threads inactive for > 12 months , every 6 months (in sync with release cycles)

 23:05:27 <meetingology> Votes for:3 Votes against:1 Abstentions:0

 23:05:27 <meetingology> Motion carried

 23:05:30 <Iowan> +0

 23:05:41 <s-fox> bodhi_zazen:  how many fc members are here?

 23:05:47 <Iowan> o/

 23:05:50 <coffeecat> o/

 23:05:52 <s-fox> o/

 23:05:53 <bodhi_zazen> o/

 23:05:57 <cariboo907> o/

 23:06:04 <s-fox> 5 ?

 23:06:07 <CharlesA> Oopsie

 23:06:10 <s-fox> okay :) just checking

 23:06:25 <bodhi_zazen> Any other comments on archiving ?

 23:06:38 <s-fox> can you elaborate on lts bodhi_zazen ?

 23:06:58 <s-fox> i don't mind the 12 moths, but stuff relevant for lts should not be archived

 23:07:02 <bodhi_zazen> Well, even though LTS is supported for longer, some things get fixed

 23:07:07 <cariboo907> 12.04 is supported for 5 years

 23:07:08 <nothingspecial> I'm with s-fox on this one

 23:07:26 <bodhi_zazen> So it seems reasonable to have the same policy - If a thread is inactive -> archive

 23:07:31 <bodhi_zazen> it is still readable

 23:07:44 <s-fox> forgive me but what is "inactive" ?

 23:07:48 <bodhi_zazen> And after a year, who knows if it is still a problem or not

 23:07:58 <cariboo907> +1 for even an LTS thread being archived if inactive

 23:07:58 <bodhi_zazen> Inactive means no new posts

 23:08:00 <s-fox> a black and white answer would be great

 23:08:13 <s-fox> from when to when ?

 23:08:26 <cariboo907> no posts for 6 months?

 23:08:29 <s-fox> 6 , 12, 18 months/

 23:08:30 <s-fox> ?

 23:08:33 <bodhi_zazen> From now (time of searcing data base ) - 12 months

 23:08:46 <s-fox> i do not mind guidelines, providing they are clear :)

 23:08:48 <bodhi_zazen> 12 seems to be the consensus

 23:09:11 <cariboo907> +1 for 12

 23:09:20 <s-fox> is the fc happy with 12?

 23:09:23 <s-fox> +1

 23:09:25 <bodhi_zazen> So every 6 months we archive threads with no posts for the last 12 months

 23:09:29 <Iowan> 12 months from first post - or last?

 23:09:34 <bodhi_zazen> last

 23:10:28 <Iowan> should help w/ necromancy...

 23:10:35 <bodhi_zazen> So a thread that was last posted on 8 months ago would not be archived now, but probably will be 6 months from now

 23:10:47 <s-fox> bodhi_zazen:  suggest we move on ;)

 23:10:59 <bodhi_zazen> [TOPIC]New theme

 23:11:12 <s-fox> yay technoviking

 23:11:15 <bodhi_zazen> Technoviking has been working hard on the new theme

 23:11:16 <CharlesA> \o/

 23:11:20 <nothingspecial> +1

 23:11:25 <cariboo907> +1 to yay TV

 23:11:26 * Iowan likes

 23:11:27 <coffeecat> +1

 23:11:34 <bodhi_zazen> It is still in development, so send suggestions to

 23:11:47 * s-fox is okay with it since font fix for non ubuntu users

 23:11:49 <bodhi_zazen> http://ubuntuforums.org/showthread.php?t=1981875

 23:12:17 <bodhi_zazen> Any other comments on theme ?

 23:12:19 <CharlesA> It still looks odd on an XP box with no Ubuntu font installed, but it looks ok.

 23:12:22 <CharlesA> IMHO at least

 23:12:28 * bodhi_zazen would still like a dark theme

 23:12:31 <CharlesA> SAme bodhi_zazen

 23:12:45 <s-fox> i know i played devils advocate, but felt i had to. so sorry if tv felt frustrated by lack of perceived support. i tried to be contructive with irc chats with him

 23:13:13 <bodhi_zazen> It is a big chunk of code and AFIK too many cooks ...

 23:13:28 <s-fox> bodhi_zazen:  +1

 23:13:30 <CharlesA> yep, unfortunately

 23:13:32 <s-fox> to dark theme

 23:13:34 <Iowan> i's evolving nicely

 23:13:35 <bodhi_zazen> http://ubuntuforums.org/showthread.php?t=1977732

 23:14:20 <bodhi_zazen> [TOPIC]Wiki team

 23:14:30 <bodhi_zazen> Anyone here from the wiki team ?

 23:14:36 <wildmanne39> o/

 23:14:42 <bodhi_zazen> http://ubuntuforums.org/showpost.php?p=11959014&postcount=49

 23:15:07 <bodhi_zazen> I just wanted to thank all the members of the wiki team, it is a great working group

 23:15:14 <bodhi_zazen> #ubuntu-wiki is now logged

 23:15:17 <s-fox> shame hobgoblin is not here , he has been working really hard at making it work

 23:15:40 <nothingspecial> +1 thanks elfy

 23:15:42 <wildmanne39> nice

 23:15:46 <bodhi_zazen> And we will start with askubuntu once the team gets any additional kinks worked out

 23:15:46 <s-fox> +1

 23:16:17 <bodhi_zazen> Any other comments for wiki team ?

 23:16:28 <cariboo907> the only complaint I have, is that bodhi_zazen 's script doesn't work well on heavily formatted posts

 23:16:29 <nothingspecial> Please people join

 23:16:32 <s-fox> +0 askubuntu, that sayd i gave support in previous months but not really got involved ;)

 23:16:53 <nothingspecial> it is a n easy way to start contributing to Ubuntu

 23:17:02 <bodhi_zazen> cariboo907: anything in particular that can be scripted ?

 23:17:05 <bodhi_zazen> let me know

 23:17:33 <s-fox> cariboo907:  perhaps the script could be refined ?

 23:17:34 <cariboo907> I'll look at it again, but this was a special case I think.

 23:17:40 <bodhi_zazen> but yes, some of the posts on the forums are works of art, and as they are not all uniform, outliers are not going to script

 23:18:13 <bodhi_zazen> [LINK]http://bodhizazen.net/tweaks/ubforums2ubwiki.sh.txt

 23:18:40 <cariboo907> is that the same as last week, as I have a copy here?

 23:18:41 <s-fox> bodhi_zazen:  while i remember, i have a small item that is not on the agenda atm. i would like to get some consensus from my fellow council members

 23:18:46 <bodhi_zazen> cariboo907: you can always PM me a link and I will look at it

 23:19:04 <bodhi_zazen> no changes in last week cariboo907

 23:19:13 <bodhi_zazen> what topic s-fox ?

 23:19:18 <s-fox> i also have general message to the forum community which i would like to relay

 23:19:31 <s-fox> bodhi_zazen:  spam bans on automated welcome email

 23:19:32 <bodhi_zazen> [TOPIC]General Message

 23:20:06 <s-fox> may i speak bodhi_zazen ?

 23:20:14 <bodhi_zazen> yes, please s-fox

 23:20:59 <s-fox> I would just like to publicaly thank everyone for their support in my application for a seat on the ubuntu membership board, it was really touching to see everyone commenting positive things

 23:21:11 <s-fox> </end>

 23:21:16 <bodhi_zazen> \o/

 23:21:29 <nothingspecial> \o/

 23:21:32 <bodhi_zazen> When is the board going to be selected ?

 23:21:34 * JonEdney claps

 23:21:35 <moergaes> Most der

 23:21:36 <s-fox> i thought i might get 3 or 4 +1's. i am at over 20

 23:21:39 <moergaes> deserved

 23:21:46 <s-fox> it has been incredible

 23:22:34 <s-fox> hey moergaes  :)

 23:22:41 <sandyd> good job :)

 23:23:04 <moergaes> s-fox: Hey!

 23:23:28 <bodhi_zazen> [TOPIC]New Staff

 23:23:53 <bodhi_zazen> I have to apologize for this, I know we talked about it ...

 23:24:13 <s-fox> +1 on adding, but tz specific. i don't think we are suffering in europe or usa. i think asia / oz needs more on board

 23:24:24 <bodhi_zazen> but I sort of got cold feet, I am not sure we have enough UFMembers yet for an election process

 23:24:42 <s-fox> bodhi_zazen:  i have some good candidates, but none are uf members

 23:24:51 <bodhi_zazen> So I am going to suggest we add 2 or 3 now, and look at 12.10 release for possible electiosn

 23:24:59 <s-fox> bureaucracy appears to be winning

 23:25:08 <s-fox> which i am not for

 23:25:10 <bodhi_zazen> We can discuss candidates later

 23:25:16 <s-fox> hey overdrank  :)

 23:25:25 <bodhi_zazen> 'lo overdrank =)

 23:25:34 <Iowan> o/

 23:25:35 <JonEdney> question!

 23:25:35 <overdrank> Sorry I am late and hey s-fox

 23:25:48 <bodhi_zazen> Is it on topic JonEdney ?

 23:25:49 <bodhi_zazen> then ask

 23:26:04 <bodhi_zazen> Otherwise wait for open floor

 23:26:14 <JonEdney> Thank you.  Is there a link or any reading on what you are expecting from a staff member?  I'm interested.

 23:26:38 <s-fox> JonEdney:  you mean a criteria ?

 23:26:40 <bodhi_zazen> Good point, but no we do not have one

 23:26:45 <JonEdney> Yes.

 23:27:25 <bodhi_zazen> Generally they have to have thick skin, it is all fun and games until the trolling starts, and staff have big targets painted on their avatars

 23:27:33 <JonEdney> Okay, no worries.  I will help where I can, and go from there in the future.

 23:27:54 <bodhi_zazen> They have to be Ubuntu Forums Members

 23:28:10 <bodhi_zazen> So that sort of covers the kind / helpful / active on the forums part

 23:28:18 <s-fox> JonEdney:  i personally would expect a level of maturity , an active account on the forums and of course established forums community member

 23:28:30 <s-fox> but that is just me and may not reflect the entire fc

 23:28:43 <JonEdney> Of course.  Thank you for the information. :)  Carry on.

 23:28:49 <bodhi_zazen> personally , at least aware of IRC helps

 23:29:05 <bodhi_zazen> again, not necessarily reflective of entire FC

 23:29:25 <bodhi_zazen> What do you want to do next ?

 23:29:31 <bodhi_zazen> New members or open floor ?

 23:29:41 <s-fox> bodhi_zazen:  how about the dev sub forum ?

 23:29:54 <s-fox> mhall119:  are you around  ?

 23:30:05 <bodhi_zazen> [TOPIC]Application development forum

 23:30:40 <s-fox> i relayed some of the staff concerns on the topiic, mhall119  was going to provide answers :)

 23:30:44 <s-fox> heard nothing since

 23:31:09 <overdrank> I did not see this on the agenda so I am lost

 23:31:13 <bodhi_zazen> OK, well if mhall119 comes in later we can probably take action, otherwise a reminder e-mail ?

 23:31:26 <s-fox> +1 email reminder

 23:31:29 <bodhi_zazen> overdrank: nope, did not get added to agenda

 23:31:39 <s-fox> overdrank:  i posted in the scc thread about my actions

 23:31:41 <bodhi_zazen> OK, so new members or open floor ?

 23:31:46 <Iowan> members

 23:31:54 <cariboo907> new members I would think

 23:31:57 <overdrank> Ok s-fox will search :)

 23:32:03 <s-fox> +1 new members :)

 23:32:05 <bodhi_zazen> [TOPIC]New Members

 23:32:11 <s-fox> overdrank:  i will relay a link if you like

 23:32:22 <overdrank> Its ok I will find :)

 23:32:27 <bodhi_zazen> http://ubuntuforums.org/forumdisplay.php?f=404

 23:32:41 <bodhi_zazen> roffiscoder you here ?

 23:32:58 <s-fox> +1 to all except the one we discussed ;\0

 23:33:28 <bodhi_zazen> roffisserver does not meet criteria, not active on the forums long enough

 23:33:39 <s-fox> +1 bodhi_zazen

 23:33:40 <bodhi_zazen> do we want to vote on that , ir just take action ?

 23:34:02 <s-fox> i thought member had been pm'd

 23:34:11 <coffeecat> Yes - my pm exchange: http://ubuntuforums.org/showthread.php?t=1976954

 23:34:14 <bodhi_zazen> [VOTE]roffiscoder to come back after contributing to community

 23:34:14 <meetingology> Please vote on: roffiscoder to come back after contributing to community

 23:34:14 <meetingology> Public votes can be registered by saying +1, +0 or -1 in channel, (private votes don't work yet, but when they do it will be by messaging the channel followed by +1/-1/+0 to me)

 23:34:15 <cariboo907> That's what I thought too

 23:34:19 <bodhi_zazen> +1

 23:34:19 <meetingology> +1 received from bodhi_zazen

 23:34:27 <Iowan> 1

 23:34:28 <s-fox> +1

 23:34:28 <meetingology> +1 received from s-fox

 23:34:32 <overdrank> +1

 23:34:32 <meetingology> +1 received from overdrank

 23:34:34 <Iowan> +1

 23:34:34 <meetingology> +1 received from Iowan

 23:34:34 <cariboo907> +1

 23:34:34 <meetingology> +1 received from cariboo907

 23:34:38 <coffeecat> +1

 23:34:38 <meetingology> +1 received from coffeecat

 23:34:46 <bodhi_zazen> [ENDVOTE]

 23:34:46 <meetingology> Voting ended on: roffiscoder to come back after contributing to community

 23:34:46 <meetingology> Votes for:6 Votes against:0 Abstentions:0

 23:34:46 <meetingology> Motion carried

 23:34:54 <bodhi_zazen> OK

 23:34:57 <s-fox> boom :)

 23:35:04 <bodhi_zazen> Primefalcon you here ?

 23:35:18 <s-fox> guess not

 23:35:18 <bodhi_zazen> Anyone wish to speak for Primefalcon ?

 23:35:42 <s-fox> i kept out of the discussion thread, as per my obligation as a fc member and having a valid vote

 23:35:55 <s-fox> but generally i am +1

 23:36:09 <bodhi_zazen> [VOTE]Primefalcon for membership

 23:36:09 <meetingology> Please vote on: Primefalcon for membership

 23:36:09 <meetingology> Public votes can be registered by saying +1, +0 or -1 in channel, (private votes don't work yet, but when they do it will be by messaging the channel followed by +1/-1/+0 to me)

 23:36:13 <bodhi_zazen> 0

 23:36:13 <meetingology> 0 received from bodhi_zazen

 23:36:15 <s-fox> +1

 23:36:15 <meetingology> +1 received from s-fox

 23:36:23 <cariboo907> 0

 23:36:23 <meetingology> 0 received from cariboo907

 23:36:24 <overdrank> +1

 23:36:24 <meetingology> +1 received from overdrank

 23:36:25 <coffeecat> 0

 23:36:25 <meetingology> 0 received from coffeecat

 23:36:31 <Iowan> +1

 23:36:31 <meetingology> +1 received from Iowan

 23:36:41 <s-fox> hmm, lots of neutrals

 23:36:58 <bodhi_zazen> [ENDVOTE]

 23:36:58 <meetingology> Voting ended on: Primefalcon for membership

 23:36:58 <meetingology> Votes for:3 Votes against:0 Abstentions:3

 23:36:58 <meetingology> Motion carried

 23:37:09 <s-fox> that surely is a tie

 23:37:35 <bodhi_zazen> you have to -1 to tie

 23:37:37 <coffeecat> s-fox, no. An abstention is an abstention.

 23:37:44 <s-fox> :)

 23:37:44 <bodhi_zazen> 0 and +1 carries vote

 23:37:51 <bodhi_zazen> hakermania here ?

 23:38:17 <bodhi_zazen> Anyone wish to speak for hakermania ?

 23:38:24 <s-fox> guess not

 23:39:00 <bodhi_zazen> [VOTE]hakermania for membership ?

 23:39:00 <meetingology> Please vote on: hakermania for membership ?

 23:39:00 <meetingology> Public votes can be registered by saying +1, +0 or -1 in channel, (private votes don't work yet, but when they do it will be by messaging the channel followed by +1/-1/+0 to me)

 23:39:00 <s-fox> vote bodhi_zazen  ?

 23:39:08 <s-fox> +1

 23:39:08 <meetingology> +1 received from s-fox

 23:39:09 <bodhi_zazen> +0

 23:39:09 <meetingology> +0 received from bodhi_zazen

 23:39:10 <overdrank> +1

 23:39:10 <meetingology> +1 received from overdrank

 23:39:12 <Iowan> +1

 23:39:12 <meetingology> +1 received from Iowan

 23:39:12 <cariboo907> 0

 23:39:12 <meetingology> 0 received from cariboo907

 23:39:14 <coffeecat> +1

 23:39:14 <meetingology> +1 received from coffeecat

 23:39:26 <bodhi_zazen> [ENDVOTE]

 23:39:26 <meetingology> Voting ended on: hakermania for membership ?

 23:39:26 <meetingology> Votes for:4 Votes against:0 Abstentions:2

 23:39:26 <meetingology> Motion carried

 23:39:49 <bodhi_zazen> OK, and sandyd could not make it

 23:40:13 <bodhi_zazen> sandyd: ping - sorry for the "dad joke" there

 23:40:14 <cariboo907> I thought I saw her log on earlier

 23:40:26 <sandyd> here

 23:40:28 <Iowan> WAS here!

 23:40:36 <s-fox> hello sandyd  :)

 23:40:45 <sandyd> s-fox: hi :)

 23:41:26 <bodhi_zazen> Anyone wish to say a few words in support of sandyd ?

 23:41:48 <s-fox> does +1 count? ;)

 23:41:49 <Iowan> Is it necessasry? :)

 23:41:52 <bodhi_zazen> LOL

 23:42:00 <bodhi_zazen> [VOTE] sandyd for membership

 23:42:00 <meetingology> Please vote on: sandyd for membership

 23:42:00 <meetingology> Public votes can be registered by saying +1, +0 or -1 in channel, (private votes don't work yet, but when they do it will be by messaging the channel followed by +1/-1/+0 to me)

 23:42:01 <nothingspecial> goes without saying

 23:42:04 <overdrank> +1

 23:42:04 <meetingology> +1 received from overdrank

 23:42:08 <bodhi_zazen> no, but it is sort of nice if they show up

 23:42:08 <s-fox> +1 yes, no doubt

 23:42:08 <meetingology> +1 yes, no doubt received from s-fox

 23:42:08 <cariboo907> +1

 23:42:08 <meetingology> +1 received from cariboo907

 23:42:09 <bodhi_zazen> +1

 23:42:09 <meetingology> +1 received from bodhi_zazen

 23:42:09 <Iowan> +1

 23:42:09 <meetingology> +1 received from Iowan

 23:42:13 <coffeecat> +1

 23:42:13 <meetingology> +1 received from coffeecat

 23:42:19 <Iowan> can I vote twice?

 23:42:26 <overdrank> +1

 23:42:26 <meetingology> +1 received from overdrank

 23:42:34 <bodhi_zazen> [ENDVOTE]

 23:42:34 <meetingology> Voting ended on: sandyd for membership

 23:42:34 <meetingology> Votes for:6 Votes against:0 Abstentions:0

 23:42:34 <meetingology> Motion carried

 23:42:47 <sandyd> THANKS! :)

 23:42:49 <matt_symes> Congrats sandyd

 23:42:54 <cariboo907> congrats sandyd

 23:42:55 <overdrank> Congrats sandyd

 23:42:58 <bodhi_zazen> [TOPIC]Division of labor

 23:43:06 <bodhi_zazen> congrats sandyd

 23:43:30 <cariboo907> who did what last month?

 23:43:38 <s-fox> i have an item

 23:43:38 <overdrank> Is spam banning enough labor

 23:43:39 <bodhi_zazen> OK anyone want to volunteer for stuff this month ?

 23:43:44 <s-fox> ^ bodhi_zazen

 23:43:48 <bodhi_zazen> cariboo907: I have not been tracking, lol

 23:44:18 <s-fox> i could do with advice from fc, re: spam ban on welcome email

 23:44:22 <coffeecat> I'll volunteer for ML. About time I learnt the ropes.

 23:44:27 <Iowan> What needs vollunteered (that I can't mess up?) :)

 23:44:28 <cariboo907> I'll do the welcome message, if s-fox doesn't want to

 23:44:39 <bodhi_zazen> s-fox: can it wait for open floor ?

 23:44:51 <s-fox> bodhi_zazen:  sure, but providing not forgotten :)

 23:45:31 <bodhi_zazen> I am looking for my list, lol

 23:45:40 <bodhi_zazen> 1. Mailing list -

 23:45:42 <bodhi_zazen> 2. Froums - Admin thread and RC

 23:45:43 <bodhi_zazen> 3. Monthly report

 23:45:45 <bodhi_zazen> 4. Membership

 23:46:10 <mhall119> bodhi_zazen: s-fox: I'm here now

 23:46:24 <bodhi_zazen> OK mhall119

 23:46:34 * s-fox wants membership

 23:46:36 * bodhi_zazen puts coffeecat for ML

 23:46:43 <bodhi_zazen> s-fox for membership

 23:46:49 <cariboo907> I'll give the monthly report a try, as last month s-fox did it before I could even have a look :)

 23:47:03 * s-fox was so bad ;)

 23:47:04 <bodhi_zazen> OK, thanks

 23:47:11 <overdrank> 2 for overdrank ?

 23:47:20 <bodhi_zazen> [TOPIC] dev forums

 23:47:25 <bodhi_zazen> mhall119: you are up

 23:47:47 <mhall119> I was just here to answer any questions or concerns the FC had about our request for a new App Developer forum

 23:48:07 <mhall119> s-fox: do you still have that list?

 23:48:07 <bodhi_zazen> Did you get the email from s-fox ?

 23:48:19 <mhall119> let me find it

 23:48:35 <s-fox> mhall119:  not right now no, sorry

 23:49:00 <bodhi_zazen> mhall119: two issues I recall

 23:49:05 <bodhi_zazen> moderators ?

 23:49:46 <mhall119> bodhi_zazen: dpm and I will moderate, and we will recruit someone from the ARB and possibly consumer apps as well

 23:49:58 <bodhi_zazen> Staff can help, of course, but we were sort of hoping you had 1 or 2 willing to help set the tone and establish the forums, answer questions as they come up, be active on in the forums

 23:50:01 <mhall119> we discussed with the ARB during UDS, and they were positive about it

 23:50:23 <mhall119> dpm and I will take the lead on moderation

 23:50:32 <bodhi_zazen> OK, can you send that to the FC mailing list , with forums accounts names =)

 23:50:45 <mhall119> I don't know about dpm, I'm most likely mhall119

 23:50:47 <s-fox> bodhi_zazen:  i recall licensing and not posting support questions on the forum as being issues that needed answers for

 23:50:56 <bodhi_zazen> The rest of us can help with daily tasks, trolling / spam

 23:51:28 <bodhi_zazen> Second issue, I just wanted licensing to be clear

 23:51:29 <moergaes> What is ARB?

 23:51:49 <mhall119> ARB is the app review board, they review and approve FLOSS apps that are submitted through developer.ubuntu.com

 23:51:51 <bodhi_zazen> From time to time we get people who want to delete posts, argue over ownership of content ...

 23:52:06 <bodhi_zazen> With app development, having a clear policy on ideas / code posted ...

 23:52:32 <moergaes> thanks

 23:52:44 <mhall119> you mean people posting code snippets that they don't have permission to post?

 23:52:54 <mhall119> that kind of thing?

 23:53:02 <bodhi_zazen> We need to consider how to manage potential feuds over who posted what , who modified the code ... etc

 23:53:18 <mhall119> how is that handled in the other forums?

 23:53:20 <bodhi_zazen> Developer A posts code A

 23:53:31 <bodhi_zazen> Developer B then modifies code

 23:53:52 <bodhi_zazen> Dev A & B then start feuding over licensing issues ...

 23:54:11 <bodhi_zazen> Forums posts are covered by CC

 23:54:44 <mhall119> ok, so wouldn't that also apply to this new forum?  Anything you post is CC

 23:54:50 <bodhi_zazen> http://ubuntuforums.org/index.php?page=policy

 23:55:12 <bodhi_zazen> All public forum data is released under the Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 License and should be attributed to The Ubuntu Forums (ubuntuforums.org).

 23:55:21 * s-fox is big on tc  / policy issues

 23:55:28 <bodhi_zazen> Do you all want such attribution to be added to code ?

 23:55:35 * s-fox is bored enough to read them thoroughly ;)

 23:55:44 <bodhi_zazen> Or a policy all code is GPL unless noted ?

 23:56:02 <mhall119> I don't imagine there will be a significant amount of code posted, mostly example snippets or "why isn't this working???" kind

 23:56:27 <bodhi_zazen> Yea, but a clear policy for when problems arise need to be in place

 23:56:29 <mhall119> if we're going to assign a code license, I'd rather something more liberal

 23:56:34 <bodhi_zazen> Judging from previous spats

 23:56:36 <s-fox> forums posts are creative commons arbitration 3 bodhi_zazen , just to add another spin :)

 23:57:24 <mhall119> let me check with others on the code licensing concern, as it's not really my strong suit

 23:57:32 <bodhi_zazen> mhall119: OK, so yes, we need to assign a code license , if not it would be CC v3

 23:57:38 <mhall119> but I'd rather see apache or bsd style

 23:57:41 <bodhi_zazen> sounds great

 23:57:47 <s-fox> cc v3 +! bodhi_zazen

 23:57:52 <bodhi_zazen> some people feud about policy, lol

 23:58:00 <mhall119> CC v3 might even be enough, for the small amount of code I imagine being posted

 23:58:18 <s-fox> bodhi_zazen:  have you ever seen me feud?

 23:58:20 <s-fox> ;)

 23:58:26 <bodhi_zazen> The "works for us", so long as it works for you, I think checking is reasonable

 23:58:34 * bodhi_zazen pleads the 5th

 23:58:52 <overdrank> seing double

 23:59:58 <mhall119> I remember their being a question about using AskUbuntu for support questions

 00:00:16 <bodhi_zazen> mhall119: some people have asked about how you see working with forums / askubuntu

 00:00:21 <mhall119> we have already  been using and promoting askubuntu for app developers to ask for help with coding/packaging, etc

 00:00:30 <bodhi_zazen> I am active on askubuntu, so personally see no problems

 00:00:39 <bodhi_zazen> but other staff are not as active on askubuntu

 00:00:45 <mhall119> but askubuntu isn't a good place to seek advice, and it has no social interaction

 00:01:12 <mhall119> the primary reason for an app developer forum is to give them somewhere for form as a community

 00:01:15 <s-fox> mhall119:  why do you want to create a section on the ubuntu forums, but have all technical questions directed to askubuntu  ?

 00:01:20 <bodhi_zazen> http://askubuntu.com/users/35795/bodhi-zazen

 00:01:26 <s-fox> it seems very odd medium

 00:01:44 <mhall119> well AskUbuntu can't do it, and we haven't really gotten much acivity on the IRC channel

 00:02:03 <bodhi_zazen> mhall119: explain AU, and how forums integrates with discussion

 00:02:04 <mhall119> every other developer portal (android, windows, etc) has a forum for their app developer community

 00:02:39 <mhall119> bodhi_zazen: basically AU would be used for "How do I do X" and "Why isn't Y working?"

 00:03:08 <mhall119> but questions like "What's the best IDE to use?" or "Should I use Gtk or Qt?" would be directed to the forums

 00:03:11 <bodhi_zazen> So Forums gain - Visibility for developers , and a place for discussion

 00:03:15 <mhall119> anything social would happen on the forums

 00:03:20 <bodhi_zazen> AU is not so great with discussion

 00:03:24 <mhall119> right, AU is just a knowledge base

 00:03:26 <coffeecat> mhall119, sending app developers only to askubuntu for technical support limits their choice. They can ask technical questions on the forum as well.

 00:03:55 <mhall119> coffeecat: they  can, and they will (people still ask developer help on IRC too)

 00:04:04 <bodhi_zazen> AU community tends to use SE chat, not IRC

 00:04:14 <mhall119> but in general we want to build up the amount of support information in AU

 00:04:26 <mhall119> SE chat?  I didn't know there was such a thing

 00:04:39 <bodhi_zazen> http://chat.stackexchange.com/

 00:05:09 <bodhi_zazen> When I log in there, I get a list of the AU rooms

 00:05:12 <mhall119> well thats......yeah...

 00:05:25 <bodhi_zazen> http://chat.stackexchange.com/rooms/201/ask-ubuntu-general-room

 00:05:33 <bodhi_zazen> and on

 00:05:51 <bodhi_zazen> A few AU members are active on IRC, most are in chat rooms

 00:06:08 <bodhi_zazen> Any other questions about AU ?

 00:06:12 * mhall119 has yet another place to lurk

 00:06:52 <mhall119> there was one more, but I don't remember it, and I can't find the email

 00:06:53 <s-fox> does au allow for community links mhall119 ?

 00:07:01 <mhall119> s-fox: community links?

 00:07:02 <bodhi_zazen> AU tends to direct discussion to forums, forums are more "social" that way

 00:07:31 <mhall119> s-fox: we're going to link to the forums on http://developer.ubuntu.com/community/

 00:07:35 <bodhi_zazen> AU also has meta - http://meta.askubuntu.com/

 00:07:38 <s-fox> we recently linked to other areas of the ubuntu community mhall119 , such as askubuntu and launched answers, it would be nice to see the link exchange returned

 00:08:03 <bodhi_zazen> AU links to forums commonly

 00:08:07 <mhall119> s-fox: I don't know about AU, but I plan on heavily promoting the use of the app developer forums

 00:08:26 <bodhi_zazen> The netiquette , however, on AU is to re-post forums post with link

 00:08:51 <bodhi_zazen> AU does not like it when you answer with a link to wiki or forums, and no content

 00:08:59 <s-fox> bodhi_zazen:  i was thinking akin to our nab bar menu items

 00:09:00 <s-fox> :)

 00:09:10 <s-fox> nab

 00:09:13 <s-fox> nav

 00:09:14 <bodhi_zazen> We could ask on meta

 00:09:27 <bodhi_zazen> http://meta.askubuntu.com/

 00:09:42 <bodhi_zazen> meta is sort of the place to ask for that s-fox

 00:09:54 <bodhi_zazen> but AU community makes fairly heavy use of forums

 00:09:56 <s-fox> bodhi_zazen:  i could speak with jorge

 00:10:02 <bodhi_zazen> so they would probably be open to it

 00:10:12 <bodhi_zazen> That too s-fox

 00:10:28 <bodhi_zazen> posting on meta either b4 or after would help ;0

 00:10:47 <bodhi_zazen> Other questions for mhall119 ?

 00:10:55 <bodhi_zazen> mhall119: do you have questions for us ?

 00:11:15 <bodhi_zazen> Next up - open floor - although s-fox has a topic

 00:11:27 <bodhi_zazen> [TOPIC]Open floor

 00:11:27 <mhall119> is there a way to make a link that will create a new forum thread if one by that name doesn't already exist?

 00:11:34 <bodhi_zazen> s-fox: topic

 00:11:51 <bodhi_zazen> I do not think so mhall119

 00:12:38 <cariboo907> there is an option to search if there is something similar, when creating a new thread

 00:12:40 <bodhi_zazen> Anyone else have any questions or issues ?

 00:12:42 <mhall119> ok, I would like to make a new thread for any new tutorials we add, I guess I can just make them manually and add the link

 00:13:04 <bodhi_zazen> mhall119: tutorials on wiki or askubuntu ?

 00:13:05 <s-fox> i request guidance on replies to the welcome message. i have been receiving 10ish email per day quoting message and then a series of stars. i assume this is spam filter in action, would it be okay to ban users who send these type of message ?

 00:13:11 <mhall119> bodhi_zazen: on developer.u.c

 00:13:24 <mhall119> dpm is putting together a collection of tutorials there

 00:13:29 <bodhi_zazen> OK

 00:13:45 <overdrank> s-fox +1

 00:13:46 <cariboo907> s-fox, I did, when I handled the welcome message

 00:14:06 <bodhi_zazen> s-fox that is one of the joys with welcome message =)

 00:14:16 <bodhi_zazen> If it seems like spam, I will ban

 00:14:30 <s-fox> bodhi_zazen:  it bites

 00:14:34 <s-fox> :)

 00:14:37 <bodhi_zazen> Who will take welcome message this month ?

 00:14:48 <cariboo907> I will

 00:14:48 <coffeecat> As a general point, I'm uncomfortable with using the censor list for spam domains. It removes the evidence.

 00:14:52 * s-fox thinks we should have a welcome bot

 00:14:57 <Iowan> With THAT kind of promo?

 00:15:06 <s-fox> seriously, noone should reply to welcome message

 00:15:28 <bodhi_zazen> cariboo907: do you know how to make that change in the admincp ?

 00:15:37 <cariboo907> Yes I do

 00:15:45 <bodhi_zazen> \o/

 00:16:01 <bodhi_zazen> OK, teach overdrank or Iowan or some other admin to do it

 00:16:05 <s-fox> bodhi_zazen:  welcome bot to send all welcome messages  ?

 00:16:13 <bodhi_zazen> Part of rotating tasks is getting everyone up to speed

 00:16:15 <cariboo907> Sure, no problem

 00:16:31 <bodhi_zazen> Thank you

 00:16:38 <bodhi_zazen> Any other topics

 00:16:50 * bodhi_zazen adds Welcome message to monthly chores

 00:16:50 * s-fox wants 4 weeks off adminny type things

 00:16:52 <s-fox> :)

 00:17:12 <Iowan> cariboo907: Show me...

 00:17:26 <bodhi_zazen> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)