#title #ubuntu-meeting Meeting

Meeting started by jdstrand at 18:03:22 UTC.  The full logs are
available at
http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2012/ubuntu-meeting.2012-03-26-18.03.log.html
.



== Meeting summary ==

''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting   (jdstrand, 18:03:35)
 *Announcements

 *Weekly stand-up report

 *Highlighted packages
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/ldap-account-manager.html   (jdstrand, 18:20:52)
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/reseed.html   (jdstrand, 18:20:55)
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/hypermail.html   (jdstrand, 18:20:58)
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/citadel.html   (jdstrand, 18:21:01)
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/masqmail.html   (jdstrand, 18:21:04)

 *Miscellaneous and Questions



Meeting ended at 18:28:49 UTC.



== Votes ==




== Action items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * jdstrand (33)
 * mdeslaur (12)
 * jjohansen1 (10)
 * tyhicks (8)
 * sbeattie (7)
 * micahg (5)
 * meetingology (3)
 * ubottu (2)
 * cking (1)



== Full Log ==


 18:03:22 <jdstrand> #startmeeting

 18:03:22 <meetingology> Meeting started Mon Mar 26 18:03:22 2012 UTC.  The chair is jdstrand. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 18:03:22 <meetingology> 

 18:03:22 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 18:03:34 <jdstrand> The meeting agenda can be found at:

 18:03:35 <jdstrand> [LINK] https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting

 18:03:40 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Announcements

 18:03:50 <jdstrand> If you haven't done so already, please book your travel and register for UDS this week

 18:04:17 <jdstrand> * thanks

 18:04:28 <jdstrand> thanks to Melissa Draper (elky) provided debdiffs for lucid-oneiric for mahara (LP: #958841)

 18:04:33 <jdstrand> Your work is very much appreciated and will keep Ubuntu users secure. Great job! :)

 18:04:42 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Weekly stand-up report

 18:04:51 <jdstrand> I'll go first

 18:05:02 <jdstrand> I've got a short week this week and next

 18:05:13 <jdstrand> I am off Thu-Tue and will be back on Apr 4

 18:05:39 <jdstrand> I'm on community this week

 18:05:57 <jdstrand> I also am patch piloting (already done this morning)

 18:06:06 <jdstrand> MIR audit catch-ups continue, though more keep being added

 18:06:25 <jdstrand> I think I see the light at the end of the tunnel, but I doubt I'll do much of anything else this week

 18:06:30 <jdstrand> mdeslaur: you're up

 18:06:53 <mdeslaur> I'm currently testing ca-certificates-java updates, which I'll probably release tomorrow

 18:07:18 <mdeslaur> I've started working on packaging the new mysql releases with unclear security fixes

 18:07:27 <jdstrand> /o\

 18:07:28 <mdeslaur> I'm in the happy place

 18:07:39 <mdeslaur> and I'll pick something from the list of I have time

 18:07:42 <mdeslaur> that's it from me

 18:07:45 <mdeslaur> sbeattie: you're up

 18:08:03 <sbeattie> I'm in the happy place this week

 18:08:17 <sbeattie> I'm working on fixing apparmor user space bugs

 18:08:35 <sbeattie> and reviewing jjohansen1's patches as they come along.

 18:08:54 <sbeattie> I think that's pretty much it for me.

 18:09:05 <sbeattie> micahg: you're it

 18:09:48 <micahg> I've got chromium to test, icedtea regression, thunderbird 11 transition and webkit, webkit should be releasing 1.8.x final tarballs so, so there should be branch stability

 18:10:01 <mdeslaur> icedtea regression?

 18:10:23 <micahg> that firefox crash from weeks ago

 18:10:33 <mdeslaur> ah

 18:10:46 <jdstrand> micahg: are you blocked on that?

 18:11:59 <micahg> jdstrand: well, the patch doesn't apply cleanly, but I think I"ve got it now

 18:13:21 <micahg> that's it for me if there are no more questions

 18:13:27 <sbeattie> micahg: let me know if you want me to look at anything

 18:13:35 <micahg> sbeattie: I will, thanks

 18:14:25 * tyhicks will go now

 18:14:35 <tyhicks> I'm handling triage this week

 18:15:29 <tyhicks> I've fallen a little behind on responding to things in the eCryptfs bug tracker and this is the last week of the kernel merge window, so I'll spend some time making sure everything is in shape in regards to those two things.

 18:15:40 <tyhicks> I just merged 10 updates to the eCryptfs test suite from cking

 18:15:54 <tyhicks> and I'll be focusing on getting the gnutls update out

 18:16:09 <tyhicks> I think that is it for me

 18:16:10 <cking> thanks tyhicks

 18:16:16 <tyhicks> thank you, cking!

 18:16:40 <tyhicks> jjohansen1: You're up

 18:16:42 <jjohansen1> I need to post of the kernel patch for Bug #963756

 18:16:42 <jjohansen1> finish debugging part 3 of the patches for Bug #959560

 18:16:42 <jjohansen1> add some new mount regression tests

 18:16:42 <jjohansen1> publish a few USNs and

 18:16:42 <jjohansen1> go on vacation spring break vacation with the kids for most of the week

 18:16:44 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 963756 in apparmor (Ubuntu) "aa_change_onexec fails with permission denied" [High,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/963756

 18:16:47 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 959560 in AppArmor "deny mount does not work correctly" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/959560

 18:16:58 <mdeslaur> jjohansen1: when are you leaving?

 18:17:28 <jjohansen1> mdeslaur: I am off tues, wed, thurs

 18:17:34 <mdeslaur> jjohansen1: ok, cool

 18:18:50 <jjohansen1> oh and I suppose finish updating the mount rules docs for the recent changes.  And hrmm I guess point jdstrand and sbeattie at them so they can revise them

 18:18:56 <jjohansen1> jdstrand: your up

 18:19:03 <jjohansen1> or back to you that is

 18:20:26 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Highlighted packages

 18:20:31 <jdstrand> The Ubuntu Security team will highlight some community-supported packages that might be good candidates for updating and or triaging. If you would like to help Ubuntu and not sure where to start, this is a great way to do so.

 18:20:35 <jdstrand> See https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/UpdateProcedures for details and if you have any questions, feel free to ask in #ubuntu-security. To find out other ways of helping out, please see https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/GettingInvolved.

 18:20:52 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/ldap-account-manager.html

 18:20:55 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/reseed.html

 18:20:58 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/hypermail.html

 18:21:01 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/citadel.html

 18:21:04 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/masqmail.html

 18:21:14 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Miscellaneous and Questions

 18:21:41 <jdstrand> mdeslaur: I forgot to ask if you could lead next week's meeting

 18:21:50 <mdeslaur> jdstrand: sure!

 18:21:55 <jdstrand> mdeslaur: thanks :)

 18:22:01 <jdstrand> Does anyone have any other questions or items to discuss?

 18:24:45 <mdeslaur> nope

 18:25:03 <sbeattie> not from me

 18:27:00 <jjohansen1> nope

 18:28:47 <jdstrand> mdeslaur, sbeattie, micahg, tyhicks, jjohansen: thanks!

 18:28:49 <jdstrand> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)