#title #ubuntu-meeting Meeting

Meeting started by jdstrand at 18:03:35 UTC.  The full logs are
available at
http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2012/ubuntu-meeting.2012-07-09-18.03.log.html
.



== Meeting summary ==

''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting   (jdstrand, 18:03:47)
 *Weekly stand-up report

 *Highlighted packages
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/heimdal.html   (jdstrand, 18:19:20)
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/texmacs.html   (jdstrand, 18:19:23)
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/citadel.html   (jdstrand, 18:19:26)
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/tucan.html   (jdstrand, 18:19:29)
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/krb5-appl.html   (jdstrand, 18:19:32)

 *Miscellaneous and Questions



Meeting ended at 18:23:52 UTC.



== Votes ==




== Action items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * jdstrand (34)
 * sbeattie (10)
 * jjohansen (8)
 * mdeslaur (6)
 * micahg (6)
 * tyhicks (6)
 * meetingology (3)



== Full Log ==


 18:03:35 <jdstrand> #startmeeting

 18:03:35 <meetingology> Meeting started Mon Jul  9 18:03:35 2012 UTC.  The chair is jdstrand. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 18:03:35 <meetingology> 

 18:03:35 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 18:03:46 <jdstrand> The meeting agenda can be found at:

 18:03:47 <jdstrand> [LINK] https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting

 18:03:56 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Weekly stand-up report

 18:03:59 <jdstrand> I'll go first

 18:04:25 <jdstrand> I'm in the happy place this week

 18:04:50 <jdstrand> though, I am off Mon-Thu next week (last bit of summer vacation)

 18:05:19 <jdstrand> so I wonder if sbeattie and I should switch triage duties this week

 18:05:50 <jdstrand> we can discuss outside of the meeting

 18:06:20 <jdstrand> last week I was able to get the new apparmor and ufw uploaded, both completed work items surrounding py3

 18:06:33 <jdstrand> for this week I plan to focus on updates

 18:06:39 <jdstrand> that's it from me

 18:06:44 <jdstrand> mdeslaur: you're up

 18:06:53 <mdeslaur> I am on community this week

 18:06:57 <mdeslaur> and am working on an embargoed

 18:06:59 <mdeslaur> issue

 18:07:09 <mdeslaur> and after that, I'll pick something from the list

 18:07:19 <mdeslaur> I am also working on some work items, so I may do that too

 18:07:24 <mdeslaur> that,s it from me. sbeattie?

 18:07:57 <sbeattie> I am on triage this week (though I guess that's up for discussion)

 18:08:23 <sbeattie> I'm hoping to get the openjdk-6 backport released this week, still pending euca feedback mostly

 18:08:48 <sbeattie> I have an embargoed issue and kees' X update on my plate.

 18:08:58 <jdstrand> sbeattie: who is performing the euca testing?

 18:09:21 <jdstrand> or rather supposed to be

 18:09:25 <jdstrand> upstream?

 18:09:36 <sbeattie> iamfuzz from euca hopefully, but we've gotte radio silence.

 18:09:44 <sbeattie> (so yeah, upstream)

 18:10:03 <jdstrand> hrm-- we may want to ask higher up. let's talk after the meeting

 18:10:11 <sbeattie> other testing has looked good so far.

 18:10:15 <sbeattie> jdstrand: okay

 18:10:33 <sbeattie> that's it from me

 18:10:37 <sbeattie> micahg: you're up

 18:11:14 <micahg> just finishing up testing for the openjdk backport (browser plugin) and webkit stuff, along with any training on tyhicks to get source packages for the Mozilla updates next week

 18:11:38 <micahg> <PSA>and Thunderbrid is not dead</PSA>

 18:11:52 <micahg> tyhicks: you're up

 18:12:22 <tyhicks> I'm currently publishing the pidgin update (with the MXit vulnerability from late last week fixed)

 18:12:47 <tyhicks> I've got a few eCryptfs (userspace and kernel) contributions that I need to review today

 18:13:03 <tyhicks> Still trying to get to my merges

 18:13:21 <tyhicks> and I'll likely grab another update

 18:13:24 <tyhicks> that's it for me

 18:13:26 <tyhicks> jjohansen: You're up

 18:13:33 <jjohansen> I will be working on kicking out the next iteration of the interface patch and hopefully getting it some upstream time this week so that it can go into 3.6, /me will also be kicking out about 20 other kernel side cleanups that he would like to see go into 3.6

 18:13:33 <jjohansen> After that I will get back to getting to trying to finish up the stacking beta

 18:13:33 <jjohansen> Next week I will be sprinting with the kernel team a few days.

 18:14:37 <jdstrand> jjohansen: re sprint> is that for reactive work?

 18:15:32 <jjohansen> jdstrand: yeah, I am going to sync up with apw and brad etc, see if we can't improved the deferred cve bits, maybe work on the workflow

 18:15:53 <jjohansen> it won't be the full week just a couple of days

 18:16:03 <jdstrand> jjohansen: nice. is that a virtual sprint or are people travelling?

 18:16:24 <jjohansen> people are traveling, its in portland :)

 18:16:29 <jdstrand> \o/

 18:16:32 <jdstrand> :)

 18:16:59 <sbeattie> jjohansen: if there's anything face-to-face to discuss, I can probably make it in for a day or two.

 18:17:39 <jjohansen> sbeattie: cool, we can discuss off line

 18:18:24 <jjohansen> thats it from /me back to jdstrand

 18:19:02 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Highlighted packages

 18:19:05 <jdstrand> The Ubuntu Security team will highlight some community-supported packages that might be good candidates for updating and or triaging. If you would like to help Ubuntu and not sure where to start, this is a great way to do so.

 18:19:09 <jdstrand> See https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/UpdateProcedures for details and if you have any questions, feel free to ask in #ubuntu-security. To find out other ways of helping out, please see https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/GettingInvolved.

 18:19:20 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/heimdal.html

 18:19:23 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/texmacs.html

 18:19:26 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/citadel.html

 18:19:29 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/tucan.html

 18:19:32 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/krb5-appl.html

 18:19:41 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Miscellaneous and Questions

 18:19:50 <jdstrand> There are a lot of merge opportunities for packages listed in http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/d2u/. Performing these updates is a great way to help Ubuntu and bolster your developer application.

 18:20:01 <jdstrand> Does anyone have any other questions or items to discuss?

 18:22:04 <micahg> o/

 18:22:38 <micahg> forgot to mention that I have a short week, off Wed

 18:22:39 <micahg> ..

 18:22:53 * jdstrand nods

 18:23:52 <jdstrand> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)