#title #ubuntu-meeting Meeting

Meeting started by holstein at 17:04:36 UTC.  The full logs are
available at
http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2012/ubuntu-meeting.2012-01-22-17.04.log.html
.



== Meeting summary ==

''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/UbuntuStudio/Meetings/2012January22   (holstein, 17:07:25)
''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/UbuntuStudio/Meetings/2012January22   (holstein, 17:07:29)
 *old business

 *Decide alternating meeting times on channel/mailing list later

 *LTS proposal
''LINK:'' https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/technical-board/2012-January/001160.html   (holstein, 17:13:22)

 *Blueprints statuses
''LINK:'' https://blueprints.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+spec/topic-precise-flavor-ubuntu-studio   (holstein, 17:15:14)

 *mudita24 version debate
''LINK:'' http://packages.debian.org/sid/mudita24   (holstein, 17:18:17)
''LINK:'' http://packages.ubuntu.com/precise/mudita24   (holstein, 17:18:24)
''ACTION:'' ailo to test newer mudita24 version for inclusion  (holstein, 17:22:28)

 *other business
''ACTION:'' astraljava review and report on user groups (audio, video) and what we need for our installer, and live iso  (holstein, 17:32:26)
''ACTION:'' len check on the missing /usr/share/xgreeters/default.desktop as it develops  (holstein, 17:35:58)
''ACTION:'' ailo report on Debian multimedia team contat RE: audio group and jackd installation  (holstein, 17:37:15)

 *next meeting
''ACTION:'' astraljava to chair next meeting or make arrangments for it to be chaired  (holstein, 17:38:59)



Meeting ended at 17:39:48 UTC.



== Votes ==




== Action items ==

 * ailo to test newer mudita24 version for inclusion
 * astraljava review and report on user groups (audio, video) and what we need for our installer, and live iso
 * len check on the missing /usr/share/xgreeters/default.desktop as it develops
 * ailo report on Debian multimedia team contat RE: audio group and jackd installation
 * astraljava to chair next meeting or make arrangments for it to be chaired



== Action items, by person ==

 * ailo
 ** ailo to test newer mudita24 version for inclusion
 ** ailo report on Debian multimedia team contat RE: audio group and jackd installation
 * astraljava
 ** astraljava review and report on user groups (audio, video) and what we need for our installer, and live iso
 ** astraljava to chair next meeting or make arrangments for it to be chaired
 * len
 ** len check on the missing /usr/share/xgreeters/default.desktop as it develops



== People present (lines said) ==

 * holstein (64)
 * astraljava (38)
 * len (14)
 * meetingology (8)
 * ailo (6)
 * craigs63 (1)
 * bkerensa (1)



== Full Log ==


 17:04:36 <holstein> #startmeeting

 17:04:36 <meetingology> Meeting started Sun Jan 22 17:04:36 2012 UTC.  The chair is holstein. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/AlanBell/mootbot.

 17:04:36 <meetingology> 

 17:04:36 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 17:04:59 <bkerensa> hi

 17:05:58 <holstein> for the record... give one more o/ to say you are here since i started the bot

 17:06:05 <astraljava> o/

 17:06:25 <craigs63> o/

 17:06:59 <ailo> o/

 17:07:25 <holstein> #link https://wiki.ubuntu.com/UbuntuStudio/Meetings/2012January22

 17:07:29 <holstein> https://wiki.ubuntu.com/UbuntuStudio/Meetings/2012January22

 17:08:21 <holstein> is ScottL coming?

 17:08:38 <holstein> anyways.. he is emailing about that first item there

 17:08:42 <astraljava> Haven't heard of him in a while.

 17:08:57 <holstein> who is "jon" ?

 17:09:29 <holstein> #topic old business

 17:09:34 <astraljava> He has been on the channel a few times.

 17:09:46 <holstein> "Jon email list for separate meeting for work flows discussion: INPROGRESS"

 17:09:58 <holstein> not sure about where that is... but its logged ^^

 17:10:20 <holstein> #topic Decide alternating meeting times on channel/mailing list later

 17:10:38 <astraljava> Yeah, I sent an email regarding that a while back.

 17:10:40 <holstein> astraljava: i think we are just starting on the every-other-week plan correct?

 17:10:58 <holstein> cool... so i think that is OK as-is for now

 17:11:05 <astraljava> holstein: True. For formal meetings, every other week on here.

 17:11:15 <astraljava> Informal in between, on our own channel.

 17:11:32 <astraljava> No, the alternating was about different times of the day/week.

 17:11:32 <holstein> i like it.. and we'll see how effective it becomes

 17:12:27 <holstein> lets move on then to the LTS discussion

 17:12:33 <holstein> #topic LTS proposal

 17:12:45 <holstein> astraljava: do you know where we are on that?

 17:12:49 <holstein> where is xubuntu on that?

 17:13:07 <astraljava> Xubuntu was accepted according to the example proposal I linked to.

 17:13:22 <astraljava> We were supposed to talk about it here.

 17:13:22 <holstein> https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/technical-board/2012-January/001160.html

 17:13:41 <holstein> astraljava: you want to take that on right now? and talk us through it?

 17:13:57 <astraljava> No, I don't, since we're missing our leader.

 17:14:04 <astraljava> I propose we postpone it for later.

 17:14:28 <holstein> i think theres time for that as well... lets move on then

 17:15:08 <holstein> #topic Blueprints statuses

 17:15:14 <holstein> https://blueprints.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+spec/topic-precise-flavor-ubuntu-studio

 17:16:02 <holstein> again, i think ScottL is mostly the one to comment here, but i think he said we were making good progress

 17:16:19 <holstein> astraljava: do you remember when he said we would have a LIVE image?

 17:16:34 <astraljava> There's no ETA as far as I know.

 17:16:42 <astraljava> But it's moving on rapidly.

 17:17:30 <holstein> either way, those are the links to the blueprints and that is logged... moving on...

 17:17:52 <holstein> #topic mudita24 version debate

 17:18:01 <holstein> ailo: were you envolved with this?

 17:18:04 <astraljava> Yeah, I added that just recently.

 17:18:08 <ailo> nope

 17:18:15 <astraljava> There's a newer version in debian sid now.

 17:18:17 <holstein> http://packages.debian.org/sid/mudita24

 17:18:24 <holstein> http://packages.ubuntu.com/precise/mudita24

 17:18:37 <holstein> astraljava: can we bring it in?

 17:18:39 <astraljava> I have this from the debian maintainer:

 17:18:48 <astraljava> Major changes follow:

 17:18:48 <astraljava> * Applied patch by James Morris to modernize and remove some deprecated code. * Remove the support for very old GTK+ versions. * Moved to cmake build system. * Fixed wrong alsactl location. Now cmake looks for alsactl. Override

 17:18:52 <astraljava> with environment variable ALSACTL_PROG. * Added usage info. * Fixed serious fatal X error: height too big.

 17:19:11 <astraljava> Looks like there are big changes. I'm a bit worried they are too big.

 17:19:24 <astraljava> Does the team think we can test this enough so that we could sync it?

 17:19:34 <astraljava> There's still time until Feature Freeze.

 17:19:39 <astraljava> ..

 17:19:40 <holstein> astraljava: i cant... i dont have the hardware

 17:19:53 <ailo> Me and Scott have them

 17:19:56 <astraljava> I do, but I don't do so much of the stuff that's on work flows.

 17:20:17 <astraljava> ailo: Do you think you could test it? I could file the sync request, then.

 17:20:50 <ailo> Install the sid package and test it? Sure

 17:20:57 <holstein> if we can get it tested, i say go for it... i know folks have that hardware, and i would like the LTS to be supportive of it

 17:21:20 <len> Sorry, which hw?

 17:21:39 <astraljava> True. So, make an action for ailo to test it, and we should have a review on the next meeting. Ok?

 17:21:50 <astraljava> len: ICE1712 chip

 17:22:00 <len> I have that too.

 17:22:13 <astraljava> len: Could you provide testing, too+

 17:22:21 <len> Of what sw?

 17:22:28 <holstein> #action ailo to test newer mudita24 version for inclusion

 17:22:28 * meetingology ailo to test newer mudita24 version for inclusion

 17:22:30 <astraljava> mudita24

 17:22:33 <len> OK

 17:22:52 <astraljava> Thanks!

 17:22:55 <astraljava> ..

 17:23:05 <holstein> thats all i have on the official list... open items?

 17:23:18 <holstein> any other business?

 17:23:28 <holstein> #topic other business

 17:24:09 <astraljava> Nothing from me.

 17:24:44 <holstein> i want to say thanks to len for such great testing!

 17:24:53 <holstein> where are we on UI? on look and feel?

 17:24:59 <len> sorry im late

 17:25:02 <holstein> wallpaper? that kind of thing...

 17:26:24 <holstein> len: you're right on time :)

 17:26:54 <holstein> len: if you want to officially log some of the things you are commenting on through the list, go for it

 17:27:13 <len> as in bug?

 17:27:26 <holstein> len: just so its in the minutes

 17:28:07 <len> I just files a kernel bug for panic on sd card insert

 17:28:34 <len> the extra packages are acting up again but should be fixed by now.

 17:28:37 <holstein> len: were you working on the audio group issue?

 17:28:44 <holstein> disussing it?

 17:29:10 <len> Not really. The installer gets it nobody else does.

 17:29:47 <astraljava> holstein: Sorry, I actually took an action on it.

 17:29:55 <len> The default for a new user is custom which comes with no perms, instead of desktop

 17:29:57 <holstein> astraljava: the audio group?

 17:30:35 <astraljava> Yeah. We talked about it with ailo, and it seems the user created by the installer should be in audio group by default.

 17:30:56 <holstein> astraljava: and the live user too?

 17:31:07 <astraljava> I don't know, but maybe.

 17:31:31 <holstein> i could argure audio and video, though i know the security risks are valid

 17:31:31 <astraljava> Put an action of it for me, please.

 17:31:38 <ailo> It would kind of be pointless to have a live user if it didn't belong to audio group

 17:32:26 <holstein> #action astraljava review and report on user groups (audio, video) and what we need for our installer, and live iso

 17:32:26 * meetingology astraljava review and report on user groups (audio, video) and what we need for our installer, and live iso

 17:32:38 <astraljava> Thanks.

 17:32:48 <holstein> anything else?

 17:33:08 <len> there is a link missing in the iso too

 17:33:29 <len> there is no X login without

 17:33:39 <ailo> I'm contacting Debian multimedia team to discuss the possibility to add audio group administration as a part of installing jackd. It's not the neatest way perhaps, but if it works, it would make things easier

 17:33:56 <holstein> len: that sounds important... elaborate

 17:34:34 <holstein> though, im sure our iso is far from complete at this stage..

 17:34:48 <len> /usr/share/xgreeters/default.desktop is missing. it should be a link to the other file that is in the same directory

 17:35:27 <holstein> len: would you mind to keep that on your radar, and check when we get an iso?

 17:35:44 <len> Pretty hard not to :-)

 17:35:58 <holstein> #action len check on the missing /usr/share/xgreeters/default.desktop as it develops

 17:35:58 * meetingology len check on the missing /usr/share/xgreeters/default.desktop as it develops

 17:36:32 <holstein> ailo: i like that... ill action you to report on it?

 17:37:15 <holstein> #action ailo report on Debian multimedia team contat RE: audio group and jackd installation

 17:37:15 * meetingology ailo report on Debian multimedia team contat RE: audio group and jackd installation

 17:37:25 <holstein> anything else?

 17:37:37 <holstein> #next meeting

 17:37:47 <holstein> #topic next meeting

 17:38:06 <holstein> february 5th same time, same channel!

 17:38:26 <holstein> i cannon chair then... you want me to say its you astraljava ? and you can hand it out as needed

 17:38:34 <holstein> cannot*

 17:38:35 <astraljava> Yeah that works.

 17:38:59 <holstein> #action astraljava to chair next meeting or make arrangments for it to be chaired

 17:38:59 * meetingology astraljava to chair next meeting or make arrangments for it to be chaired

 17:39:48 <holstein> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/AlanBell/mootbot)