#title #ubuntu-meeting Meeting

Meeting started by jdstrand at 18:04:51 UTC.  The full logs are
available at
http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2012/ubuntu-meeting.2012-06-18-18.04.log.html
.



== Meeting summary ==

''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting   (jdstrand, 18:04:58)
''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting   (jdstrand, 18:05:16)
 *Weekly stand-up report
''LINK:'' http://bugs.debian.org/cgi-bin/bugreport.cgi?bug=676515   (xnox, 18:14:11)

 *Highlighted packages
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/alien-arena.html   (jdstrand, 18:16:17)
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/weechat.html   (jdstrand, 18:16:20)
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/smsclient.html   (jdstrand, 18:16:23)
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/slurm-llnl.html   (jdstrand, 18:16:27)
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/xmlsec1.html   (jdstrand, 18:16:31)

 *Miscellaneous and Questions



Meeting ended at 18:26:26 UTC.



== Votes ==




== Action items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * jdstrand (34)
 * xnox (17)
 * sbeattie (8)
 * mdeslaur (7)
 * tyhicks (6)
 * jjohansen (5)
 * meetingology (3)
 * micahg (2)
 * ubottu (1)



== Full Log ==


 18:04:51 <jdstrand> #startmeeting

 18:04:52 <meetingology> Meeting started Mon Jun 18 18:04:51 2012 UTC.  The chair is jdstrand. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 18:04:52 <meetingology> 

 18:04:52 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 18:04:58 <jdstrand> [LINK] https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting

 18:05:16 <jdstrand> #link https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting

 18:05:25 <jdstrand> *shrug*

 18:05:32 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Weekly stand-up report

 18:05:38 <jdstrand> I'll go first

 18:06:17 <jdstrand> I'm on triage this week

 18:06:43 <jdstrand> I'm working on libreoffice and oo.o this week

 18:07:12 <jdstrand> I had a short week last week and got distracted by the apt updates, so not much was done there (though I did manage to get the related raprot update out this morning)

 18:07:24 <jdstrand> I also have a short week next week

 18:07:28 <jdstrand> mdeslaur: you're up

 18:08:01 <mdeslaur> I'm in the happy place this week

 18:08:06 <mdeslaur> I just published libav/ffmpeg updates

 18:08:13 <mdeslaur> and have php5 and clamav updates to test

 18:08:18 <mdeslaur> which I should be publishing this week

 18:08:25 <mdeslaur> after that, I have some merges to do

 18:08:30 <mdeslaur> and that's about it for me

 18:08:32 <mdeslaur> sbeattie: you're up

 18:08:48 <sbeattie> I'm on community this week.

 18:09:06 <sbeattie> My focus for the week is the openjdk-6 update + backports

 18:09:29 <sbeattie> I'll try to pick up something else in the backgroud.

 18:09:52 <sbeattie> I think that's it for me (besides trying to shake the remnants of this cold)

 18:09:59 <sbeattie> micahg: tag

 18:10:30 <micahg> I've got patch piloting, Firefox/Thunderbird 13.0.1, then webkit, if sbeattie gets the openjdk stuff ready for testing, I'll be helping him with the browser plugin testing

 18:10:40 <micahg> that's it for me

 18:10:56 <tyhicks> I'm in the happy place this week

 18:11:21 <tyhicks> I got all of my eCryptfs fixes out last week. I only have a patch review pending for this week.

 18:11:38 <tyhicks> I'll get through that today and then will focus on updates

 18:11:58 <tyhicks> I also have some merges to do that I'll try to fit in later in the week

 18:12:02 <tyhicks> That's it for me

 18:12:06 <tyhicks> jjohansen: you're up

 18:12:15 <jjohansen> I need to poke at the bugs that were reported on the ml some more. I expect the genprof problems are actually related to audit dropping messages, but need to confirm that.

 18:12:58 <jjohansen> I also need to finish dealing with debian Bug#676515 so that they can have a working apparmor in wheezy

 18:13:40 <jjohansen> Other than that I am trying to finish up enough of the stacking work to get an alpha1 out before I take off on vacation next week

 18:14:11 <xnox> http://bugs.debian.org/cgi-bin/bugreport.cgi?bug=676515

 18:14:13 <ubottu> Debian bug 676515 in linux-2.6 "linux-2.6: AppArmor totally broken" [Normal,Open]

 18:14:52 <jjohansen> yeah, its pretty bad :/

 18:15:21 <jjohansen> I think that is it from /me jdstrand back to you

 18:15:51 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Highlighted packages

 18:15:56 <jdstrand> The Ubuntu Security team will highlight some community-supported packages that might be good candidates for updating and or triaging. If you would like to help Ubuntu and not sure where to start, this is a great way to do so.

 18:16:02 <jdstrand> See https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/UpdateProcedures for details and if you have any questions, feel free to ask in #ubuntu-security. To find out other ways of helping out, please see https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/GettingInvolved.

 18:16:17 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/alien-arena.html

 18:16:20 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/weechat.html

 18:16:23 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/smsclient.html

 18:16:27 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/slurm-llnl.html

 18:16:31 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/xmlsec1.html

 18:16:58 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Miscellaneous and Questions

 18:17:04 * xnox 0/

 18:17:06 <jdstrand> Does anyone have any other questions or items to discuss?

 18:17:12 <jdstrand> xnox: go ahead

 18:17:28 <xnox> Is anyone going to do a review of python3 port? https://code.launchpad.net/~dmitrij.ledkov/apparmor/py3/+merge/109682

 18:17:34 <xnox> is there anything left to do?

 18:17:48 <xnox> which version of apparmor will ship with quantal (such that I can prepare packaging changes)

 18:17:58 <xnox> unless security team will take that responsibility

 18:17:59 <xnox> ..

 18:18:15 <jdstrand> xnox: I will take that responsibility (review, packaging, etc)

 18:18:30 <xnox> jdstrand: any ETA? =) e.g. quantal milestone?

 18:18:39 <jdstrand> xnox: sorry I haven't gotten to the review yet. thank you for the porting-- I was planning on ding it myself :)

 18:19:05 * xnox jdstrand to review apparmor python3 port

 18:19:18 * xnox or maybe the chair needs to do that

 18:19:24 <xnox> ok, thanks. sorted then =)

 18:19:25 <xnox> ..

 18:19:26 <jdstrand> xnox: soonish? feel free to take it off your list

 18:19:34 * xnox ok

 18:20:02 * sbeattie had also meant to review it as well, sorry

 18:20:24 <sbeattie> jdstrand: FYI, last week I punted on triaging the md5crypt cve

 18:20:36 <jdstrand> xnox: as you can imagine, we get sidetracked fairly often with security updates, but we'll get to it

 18:21:06 <jdstrand> xnox: thanks again for your work on it :)

 18:21:21 <xnox> I do know how much great work you lot do. I am subscribed to security announces

 18:21:32 <jdstrand> :)

 18:21:43 <sbeattie> jdstrand: we don't have it in the archive, but I wasn't sure whether we wanted to mark it as ignored, or have a full not-affected cve entry where we could put references to how we've transitioned away from md5.

 18:21:44 <xnox> well done you all =) especially keeping it cool with "I'm in a happy place this week"

 18:22:40 <xnox> jdstrand: I have marked my workitem as done, and added one for you on https://blueprints.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+spec/foundations-q-python-versions

 18:23:27 <jdstrand> xnox: ok. I already had one in another bp, but that's cool

 18:23:47 <jdstrand> sbeattie: noted

 18:24:05 <jdstrand> any other items to discuss?

 18:24:28 <xnox> jdstrand: barry uses that one to track the progress as he is driving python3 migration

 18:25:29 * jdstrand nods

 18:26:23 <jdstrand> mdeslaur, sbeattie, micahg, tyhicks, jjohansen, xnox: thanks!

 18:26:26 <jdstrand> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)