#title #ubuntu-meeting: ubuntu-server-team

Meeting started by Ursinha at 16:00:07 UTC.  The full logs are available
at
http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2012/ubuntu-meeting.2012-07-03-16.00.log.html
.



== Meeting summary ==

 *Review ACTION points from previous meeting

 *Quantal Development

 *Release Bugs - http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/ubuntu-server/release-bugs.html

 *Blueprints - http://status.ubuntu.com/ubuntu-precise/ubuntu-server.html
''LINK:'' http://status.ubuntu.com/ubuntu-quantal/#Servercloud .. works best i think  (Daviey, 16:07:06)

 *12.04.1 Development (jamespage & smoser)

 *Ubuntu Server Team Events

 *Weekly Updates & Questions for the QA Team (hggdh)

 *Weekly Updates & Questions for the Kernel Team (smb)

 *Weekly Updates & Questions regarding Ubuntu ARM Server (rbasak)

 *Open Discussion

 *Announce next meeting date and time



Meeting ended at 16:40:00 UTC.



== Votes ==




== Action items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * Ursinha (87)
 * Daviey (30)
 * arosales (15)
 * smoser (9)
 * rbasak (6)
 * zul (4)
 * smb (4)
 * jimbaker (4)
 * meetingology (3)
 * roaksoax (2)
 * ubottu (2)
 * adam_g (1)
 * DavidLevin (1)
 * lynxman (1)



== Full Log ==


 16:00:07 <Ursinha> #startmeeting ubuntu-server-team

 16:00:07 <meetingology> Meeting started Tue Jul  3 16:00:07 2012 UTC.  The chair is Ursinha. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:00:07 <meetingology> 

 16:00:07 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 16:00:31 <Ursinha> #topic Review ACTION points from previous meeting

 16:00:32 <Ursinha> hello people, let's do this

 16:00:52 * smb is listening

 16:01:00 <arosales> hello

 16:01:06 <jimbaker> hi

 16:01:11 <Ursinha> there's only one action item, it seems

 16:01:17 <Ursinha> * rbasak follow up on IS request to move Ubuntu Server blog

 16:01:39 <Ursinha> rbasak isn't here, it seems

 16:01:51 <roaksoax> o.

 16:01:52 <roaksoax> o/

 16:02:09 <arosales> Ursinha: there is a ticket out. I'll follow up with rbask

 16:02:21 <arosales> ah there is rbasak

 16:02:25 <Ursinha> just pinged him

 16:02:27 <Ursinha> :)

 16:02:31 <rbasak> Sorry I'm late

 16:02:32 <Ursinha> hi rbasak :)

 16:02:35 <Ursinha> * rbasak follow up on IS request to move Ubuntu Server blog

 16:02:35 <lynxman> o/

 16:02:43 <rbasak> Still waiting on response from IS

 16:02:43 <adam_g> o/

 16:02:45 <Ursinha> no problem, thanks for coming :)

 16:02:52 <Ursinha> all right

 16:02:53 <Ursinha> thanks rbasak and arosales

 16:03:10 <Ursinha> we should add a roll call section to the meeting :)

 16:03:15 <Ursinha> moving on

 16:03:16 <Ursinha> #topic Quantal Development

 16:03:24 <zul> hiho

 16:03:40 <Ursinha> #topic Release Bugs - http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/ubuntu-server/release-bugs.html

 16:03:46 <Ursinha> here's the magic link

 16:03:55 <Ursinha> #topic Blueprints - http://status.ubuntu.com/ubuntu-precise/ubuntu-server.html

 16:04:16 <Ursinha> well, there are two development sections in the meeting, is this correct or....

 16:04:31 <Ursinha> ah no, sorry, :)

 16:04:34 <Daviey> So.. that URL contains too much noise

 16:04:46 <Ursinha> which one?

 16:04:53 <Daviey> Ursinha: http://status.ubuntu.com/ubuntu-precise/ubuntu-server.html

 16:05:05 <Daviey> We need to use topic urls :(

 16:05:21 <Daviey> too many people are in ~ubuntu-server to make that a good tracking team

 16:05:29 <Daviey> Ie, includes too many Desktop related blueprints

 16:06:05 <Ursinha> Daviey, what about this: https://launchpad.net/~ubuntu-server/+upcomingwork

 16:06:25 <Daviey> Ursinha: same..

 16:06:29 <Ursinha> Daviey, I see your point

 16:06:29 <Daviey> oh

 16:07:06 <Daviey> http://status.ubuntu.com/ubuntu-quantal/#Servercloud .. works best i think

 16:07:19 <Ursinha> Daviey, those are actually defect analyst related, if you want to get rid of them, probably will want me to be removed from the team

 16:07:22 <Ursinha> that should work

 16:07:35 <Daviey> Ursinha: no!  You are a valued member

 16:07:52 <Daviey> Ursinha: it's not just you, it hits anyone working on something un-servery who has an interest in server

 16:08:22 <Ursinha> Daviey, maybe ~ubuntu-server is too generic for what we want

 16:08:24 <Ursinha> ?

 16:09:01 <Daviey> Ursinha: it is, but we have nothing else.. Using topic tracking is a big ++ :)

 16:09:05 * Daviey stops distracting

 16:09:18 <Ursinha> no, that's a valid point

 16:09:29 <rbasak> Perhaps we need an ~ubuntu-server-developers subteam?

 16:09:56 <Daviey> rbasak: we have that... but that would still hit anyone who is a member of that team, and a member of say security or foundations team

 16:09:59 <Ursinha> rbasak, I guess the problem is that developers participate in several topics

 16:10:20 <Daviey> So we either only track Canonical driven blueprints.. Which we simply won't do.. :) .. or use topics.

 16:11:21 <Ursinha> something to think about..

 16:11:30 <Ursinha> so, bugs: http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/ubuntu-server/release-bugs.html

 16:13:02 <Ursinha> who's working on bug 914160? it's in progress but has no assignee, it seems?

 16:13:03 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 914160 in openvswitch (Ubuntu) "[MIR] openvswitch" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/914160

 16:13:31 <Ursinha> also bug 912861

 16:13:33 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 912861 in juju (Ubuntu) "[MIR] juju, txaws, txzookeeper" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/912861

 16:13:56 <Daviey> zul, leveraging Ben Pfaff (blp-nicira)  if possible?

 16:14:10 <zul> Ursinha:  it just got re-added this morning

 16:14:17 <zul> Daviey: sure

 16:15:17 <Ursinha> right, can those be assigned? :)

 16:16:10 <Ursinha> we have four bugs targeted to alpha 3, three of them assigned to jdstrand, one to ubuntu-server team

 16:16:32 <Ursinha> do we have any other issues that should be addressed?

 16:17:24 * Ursinha looks around?

 16:17:28 <Ursinha> nothing?

 16:18:28 <Ursinha> Daviey, anything to add?

 16:20:00 <Ursinha> ok, people might be busy now

 16:20:04 <Ursinha> moving on then

 16:20:08 <Ursinha> #topic 12.04.1 Development (jamespage & smoser)

 16:20:16 <smoser> so.

 16:20:50 <smoser> we have lots of bugs on https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/precise/+bugs?field.milestone%3Alist=49926

 16:21:36 <smoser> we also are explicitly assigned several at http://status.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/kernel-bugs/reports/rls-p-tracking-bugs.html

 16:21:49 <smoser> 12.04.1 is August 23rd, with freeze on the 16th

 16:21:52 <Daviey> smoser: how is it looking?  What do you expect the bug count to be at release?

 16:22:03 <smoser> i'm somewhat concerned that we're not speding any resources on addressing these.

 16:22:21 <Daviey> right

 16:22:31 <smoser> well, on the first list, the "right" number at 12.04.1 is zero

 16:22:35 <Daviey> smoser: you are empowered to share out the work :)

 16:22:56 * smoser quickly presses assign-to-daviey on all bugs

 16:22:59 <Daviey> smoser: So, lets divide the amount of people by zero, and we have our result.

 16:24:01 <smoser> i will spend some time looking at those two lists, and the ones that fall into server, and (hopefully with the help of the great jamespage) do some assigning.

 16:24:09 <Daviey> \o/

 16:24:19 <arosales> Daviey: I'll follow up with m_3, SpamapS, and jimbaker on the juju ones @ http://status.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/kernel-bugs/reports/rls-p-tracking-bugs.html for server

 16:24:20 <smoser> we just have to make sure, that while August 16 seems "far away"...

 16:24:43 <Ursinha> cool, thanks smoser

 16:25:15 <Ursinha> anything else?

 16:25:27 <arosales> also anyone feel welcome to review the unassigned list @ http://people.canonical.com/~jamespage/server-sru/precise-sru.html

 16:25:35 <arosales> for SRUs for precise

 16:25:58 <arosales> ..

 16:26:16 <Ursinha> great, thanks arosales

 16:26:22 <Ursinha> moving on

 16:26:25 <Ursinha> #topic Ubuntu Server Team Events

 16:26:52 <Daviey> Mr Page is at Europython

 16:27:16 <Ursinha> jamespage is at Euro Python right now

 16:27:18 <Ursinha> that :)

 16:27:25 <arosales> oscon is next on the list for july 16-20

 16:27:48 <Ursinha> anything else?

 16:27:55 <Daviey> nein

 16:28:14 <Ursinha> right

 16:28:21 <Ursinha> moving one

 16:28:23 <Ursinha> on, even

 16:28:24 <Ursinha> #topic Weekly Updates & Questions for the QA Team (hggdh)

 16:28:33 <Ursinha> hggdh, hello there

 16:29:11 <Daviey> or jibel ?

 16:29:26 <Ursinha> jibel, hello :)

 16:29:40 <Ursinha> does anyone have anything for them?

 16:29:55 <Ursinha> if not, I'll move on..

 16:30:09 <Ursinha> okay

 16:30:11 <Ursinha> #topic Weekly Updates & Questions for the Kernel Team (smb)

 16:30:13 * smb leaps to attention. Nothing in particular to bring up. Anything anyone wants to bring up which I might be unaware of?

 16:30:40 <Ursinha> anyone?

 16:30:53 <Ursinha> thanks smb :)

 16:31:02 <smb> welcome

 16:31:13 <Ursinha> moving on

 16:31:14 <Ursinha> #topic Weekly Updates & Questions regarding Ubuntu ARM Server (rbasak)

 16:31:20 <rbasak> Nothing from me. Any questions?

 16:31:45 <arosales> quesiton here

 16:32:03 <arosales> rbasak: Do you have insights into the java direction on ARM

 16:32:19 <arosales> specifically the work around openjdk?

 16:32:54 <rbasak> I don't think I'm sufficiently expert in this area to answer. I think jamespage is more familiar with recent developments with openjdk

 16:33:15 <arosales> rbasak: ok, thanks. I follow up with jamespage on his return

 16:33:18 <arosales> ..

 16:33:29 <Ursinha> thanks rbasak and arosales

 16:33:34 <Ursinha> moving on

 16:33:45 <Ursinha> #topic Open Discussion

 16:33:52 <Ursinha> go crazy

 16:34:15 <Ursinha> you are all too quiet today :)

 16:34:25 <Daviey> Gah, i missed talking to smb... Must be the leap second throwing me out of sync

 16:34:34 <Ursinha> poor DavidLevin

 16:34:38 <Ursinha> or Daviey

 16:34:46 <Ursinha> (sorry DavidLevin :))

 16:34:49 <smb> Daviey, leap a while... leap forever... :-P

 16:34:56 <Ursinha> go ahead Daviey

 16:35:01 <zul> Daviey: like quantum leap?

 16:35:12 <Daviey> Ursinha: Nah, nothing meeting worthy actaully

 16:35:24 <Ursinha> okay then

 16:35:37 <DavidLevin> Ursinha, ;)

 16:35:40 <jimbaker> if i'm not mistaken, there's a reasonable release of openjdk for java 7 on arm now

 16:35:40 <Ursinha> moving on :P

 16:36:04 <Ursinha> arosales, ^

 16:36:18 <jimbaker> however, i have not actually played with arm server, so this is second hand knowledge

 16:36:30 <arosales> jimbaker: thanks, yes there is some good progress there

 16:37:18 <Ursinha> thanks jimbaker

 16:37:26 <Ursinha> moving on

 16:37:27 <Ursinha> #topic Announce next meeting date and time

 16:37:41 <jimbaker> see for example, http://blogs.arm.com/software-enablement/660-oracles-java-se-server-compiler-now-on-arm/

 16:37:49 <Ursinha> next in list is jamespage, is that ok?

 16:37:49 <Daviey> Now +7hrs -37mins

 16:37:53 <Daviey> Tanks Ursinha !

 16:38:12 <rbasak> hrs?

 16:38:31 <Ursinha> didn't get it either

 16:38:31 <Daviey> err, what am i thinking!

 16:38:34 <arosales> thanks Ursinha for chairing

 16:38:43 <Daviey> This is my they don't let me announce the time and date.

 16:39:00 <Daviey> That leap second has driven me crazy with timezone handling

 16:39:12 <Ursinha> haha

 16:39:19 <Ursinha> thanks guys for joining

 16:39:42 <Ursinha> next meeting, 16utc next week, jamespage is the chair

 16:39:58 <Ursinha> that is all

 16:40:00 <Ursinha> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)