#title #ubuntu-meeting Meeting

Meeting started by mdeslaur at 18:01:56 UTC.  The full logs are
available at
http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2012/ubuntu-meeting.2012-04-02-18.01.log.html
.



== Meeting summary ==

''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting   (mdeslaur, 18:02:18)
 *Announcements

 *Review of any previous action items

 *Weekly stand-up report

 *Highlighted packages
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/lxsession.html   (mdeslaur, 18:12:47)
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/bristol.html   (mdeslaur, 18:12:48)
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/egroupware-egw-pear.html   (mdeslaur, 18:12:50)
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/b2evolution.html   (mdeslaur, 18:12:52)
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/gnome-subtitles.html   (mdeslaur, 18:12:54)

 *Miscellaneous and Questions



Meeting ended at 18:14:25 UTC.



== Votes ==




== Action items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * mdeslaur (37)
 * sbeattie (8)
 * ubottu (7)
 * tyhicks (7)
 * jjohansen (5)
 * micahg (4)
 * meetingology (3)



== Full Log ==


 18:01:56 <mdeslaur> #startmeeting

 18:01:56 <meetingology> Meeting started Mon Apr  2 18:01:56 2012 UTC.  The chair is mdeslaur. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 18:01:56 <meetingology> 

 18:01:56 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 18:02:18 <mdeslaur> The meeting agenda can be found at:

 18:02:18 <mdeslaur> [LINK] https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting

 18:02:30 <mdeslaur> [TOPIC] Announcements

 18:02:40 <mdeslaur> uh, nothing to announce.

 18:02:46 <mdeslaur> I don't like fish.

 18:02:47 <mdeslaur> there.

 18:03:02 <mdeslaur> [TOPIC] Review of any previous action items

 18:03:09 <mdeslaur> no previous action items, skipping

 18:03:17 <mdeslaur> [TOPIC] Weekly stand-up report

 18:03:25 <mdeslaur> I am on triage this week

 18:03:50 <mdeslaur> am working on a couple of embargoed issues, and need to do some mysql testing before pushing them to -proposed

 18:04:11 <mdeslaur> that's about it...

 18:04:14 <mdeslaur> sbeattie: you're next

 18:04:33 <sbeattie> I'm in the happy place this week

 18:04:50 <sbeattie> I'm working on more apparmor bugs

 18:05:05 <sbeattie> I may also try to pick up an update this week.

 18:05:11 <sbeattie> that's pretty much it for me.

 18:05:24 <sbeattie> micahg: poke

 18:05:27 <mdeslaur> sbeattie: think you'll have the two milestoned apparmor issues fixed this week?

 18:06:09 <sbeattie> mdeslaur: bug 872446 we can fix now with an apparmor upload

 18:06:11 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 872446 in apparmor (Ubuntu Precise) "aa-logprof drops exec denials" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/872446

 18:06:32 <sbeattie> bug 800826 I am planning to fix this week as well.

 18:06:33 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 800826 in apparmor (Ubuntu Precise) "aa-notify doesn't display certain apparmor events" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/800826

 18:06:45 <mdeslaur> sbeattie: you mentioned some regression in the test suite with the first one, is that fixed?

 18:07:09 <mdeslaur> sbeattie: oh, never mind, I misread the bug comment

 18:07:13 <mdeslaur> sbeattie: sorry

 18:07:20 <mdeslaur> sbeattie: awesome, thanks!

 18:07:24 <mdeslaur> micahg: you're up

 18:07:26 <micahg> I'm working on a thunderbird regression, then I have 2 stable release transitions in the works for after maverick EOL, thunderbird 11 migration and webkit

 18:07:32 <sbeattie> it wasn't a regression in the testsuite, it ended up exposing another bug in the apparmor utils.

 18:08:13 <micahg> oh, and chromium 18 SRU as well

 18:08:27 <mdeslaur> micahg: cool. is that regression 11.0.1?

 18:08:32 <mdeslaur> micahg: or something else

 18:08:34 <micahg> mdeslaur: yes

 18:08:42 <mdeslaur> o

 18:08:43 <mdeslaur> ok

 18:08:50 <micahg> that's it for me

 18:09:13 <tyhicks> I'm in the community role this week

 18:09:45 <tyhicks> I'm working on the gnutls updates. Making good progress this morning, so I'm confident that they'll go out by mid-week.

 18:10:21 <tyhicks> I've also still go to give upstream eCryptfs some love (bug tracker, getting a couple fixes upstream) at some point

 18:10:41 <tyhicks> and I'll pick up another update, too

 18:10:45 <tyhicks> That's it for me

 18:10:59 <tyhicks> jjohansen: You're up

 18:11:10 <jjohansen> this week looks like it will primarily be more bug fixing :/

 18:11:10 <jjohansen> I need to finish up with Bug #969228, Bug #969299, Bug #970647, Bug #959352, and Bug #959560

 18:11:10 <jjohansen> if I finish up with that I will do some additions to the test suite and any remaining work items.

 18:11:10 <jjohansen> Oh I need to poke at why precise won't install on my x120e so that I can file a decent bug report

 18:11:15 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 969228 in lxc (Ubuntu) "Unable to load another apparmor profile from /etc/apparmor.d/lxc/" [High,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/969228

 18:11:17 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 969299 in apparmor (Ubuntu Precise) "apparmor prevents dpkg-divert and localedef from working in a container" [Critical,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/969299

 18:11:18 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 970647 in apparmor (Ubuntu) "Denials due to "deleted" are not being logged" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/970647

 18:11:19 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 959352 in lxc (Ubuntu) "Ephemeral containers have "/rootfs" prefix in /proc/self/maps entries" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/959352

 18:11:20 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 959560 in AppArmor "deny mount does not work correctly" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/959560

 18:11:27 * mdeslaur slaps ubottu

 18:11:59 <tyhicks> jjohansen: There was a considerable delay after I prodded you. Sounds like you need to fix a regression in your status reporting script this week, too. ;)

 18:12:01 * jjohansen should just paste those in a form ubottu doesn't recognize

 18:12:40 <mdeslaur> [TOPIC] Highlighted packages

 18:12:46 <mdeslaur> The Ubuntu Security team will highlight some community-supported packages that might be good candidates for updating and or triaging. If you would like to help Ubuntu and not sure where to start, this is a great way to do so.

 18:12:47 <mdeslaur> See https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/UpdateProcedures for details and if you have any questions, feel free to ask in #ubuntu-security. To find out other ways of helping out, please see https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/GettingInvolved.

 18:12:47 <mdeslaur> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/lxsession.html

 18:12:48 <mdeslaur> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/bristol.html

 18:12:50 <mdeslaur> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/egroupware-egw-pear.html

 18:12:52 <mdeslaur> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/b2evolution.html

 18:12:54 <mdeslaur> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/gnome-subtitles.html

 18:13:08 <mdeslaur> [TOPIC] Miscellaneous and Questions

 18:13:18 <mdeslaur> Does anyone have any other questions or items to discuss?

 18:14:22 <mdeslaur> Thanks everyone!

 18:14:25 <mdeslaur> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)