#title #ubuntu-meeting Meeting

Meeting started by jdstrand at 18:12:15 UTC.  The full logs are
available at
http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2012/ubuntu-meeting.2012-02-06-18.12.log.html
.



== Meeting summary ==

''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting   (jdstrand, 18:12:21)
 *Announcements

 *Review of any previous action items

 *Weekly stand-up report

 *Highlighted packages
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/gnome-shell.html   (jdstrand, 18:34:36)
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/wxwidgets2.6.html   (jdstrand, 18:34:39)
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/atop.html   (jdstrand, 18:34:42)
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/vdr.html   (jdstrand, 18:34:45)
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/kolabd.html   (jdstrand, 18:34:50)

 *Miscellaneous and Questions



Meeting ended at 18:38:21 UTC.



== Votes ==




== Action items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * jdstrand (37)
 * mdeslaur (17)
 * tyhicks (15)
 * micahg (8)
 * sbeattie (7)
 * ubottu (3)
 * meetingology (3)
 * jjohansen (3)



== Full Log ==


 18:12:15 <jdstrand> #startmeeting

 18:12:15 <meetingology> Meeting started Mon Feb  6 18:12:15 2012 UTC.  The chair is jdstrand. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 18:12:15 <meetingology> 

 18:12:15 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 18:12:16 <tyhicks> hello!

 18:12:17 <mdeslaur> \o

 18:12:20 <jdstrand> The meeting agenda can be found at:

 18:12:21 <jdstrand> [LINK] https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting

 18:12:32 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Announcements

 18:12:36 <jjohansen> \o

 18:12:44 <jdstrand> FeatureFreeze is coming in a less than two weeks (February 16th). Please try to finish any non-bugfix work items that are tied to the release by this date. Please talk to mdeslaur (and optionally me) soon if there are issues meeting this deadline. This is particularly true for essential and high priority items.

 18:12:59 <jdstrand> Thanks:

 18:13:05 <jdstrand> Leo Iannacone (l3on) provided debdiffs for natty and oneiric for usbmuxd (LP: #919435)

 18:13:16 <jdstrand> Your work is very much appreciated and will keep Ubuntu users secure. Great job! :)

 18:13:25 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Review of any previous action items

 18:13:45 * jdstrand sbeattie to follow up on qrt bugs from QA team

 18:13:54 <sbeattie> oh gack, I still haven't responded to the QART bugs on that.

 18:14:20 * jdstrand keeps it as an action for now

 18:14:29 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Weekly stand-up report

 18:14:32 <jdstrand> I'll go first

 18:14:52 <jdstrand> so, for some reason, I have quite a few meetings this week

 18:15:17 <jdstrand> and out of them is coming significant work surrounding the partner archive and secure boot

 18:15:39 <jdstrand> so, I am going to be tied up with these things quite a bit

 18:15:56 <jdstrand> I managed to get mostly caught up with archive admin duties over the weekend

 18:16:10 <jdstrand> but MIR audits are lagging behind

 18:16:23 <jdstrand> I may need help with those. I'll ask if I do

 18:16:42 <jdstrand> I also have a couple of work items I'd like to finish up. hopefully I will be able to

 18:16:53 <jdstrand> mdeslaur: you're up

 18:17:18 <mdeslaur> I'm on triage this week

 18:17:34 <mdeslaur> this morning, I've released python-httplib2 backports to -proposed

 18:18:05 <mdeslaur> these packages add ssl certificate validation to the versions that were in lucid-natty

 18:18:11 <mdeslaur> and improve the ssl cert validation in oneiric

 18:18:42 <mdeslaur> the update should be seamless, but if anyone has stuff that uses python-httplib2, it would be good to make sure everything works as expected before they get released

 18:19:12 <mdeslaur> If tomcat6 testing goes well, I'll be releasing that this week or possibly next

 18:19:29 <mdeslaur> and I'll be doing down the cve list to pick up some new updates to work on

 18:19:32 <mdeslaur> that's it from me

 18:19:34 <mdeslaur> sbeattie: you're next

 18:19:48 <sbeattie> I'm in the happy place this week.

 18:20:11 <sbeattie> I'm currently testing openssl as well as working on php and glibc updates.

 18:20:24 <sbeattie> I also need to review my work items

 18:20:36 <sbeattie> I think that's it for me

 18:20:41 <sbeattie> micahg: tag

 18:20:52 <mdeslaur> sbeattie: you have two bugs that are milestoned, when do you think you'll be getting to them?

 18:21:21 <sbeattie> mdeslaur: after I get out from under these updates is my plan.

 18:21:27 <mdeslaur> sbeattie: ok, cool

 18:21:36 <mdeslaur> sbeattie: those are three nasty updates you've got there :)

 18:22:32 <micahg> I'm finishing updates from last week (Thunderbird, xulrunner), might have to push through an icedtea update due to a bad interaction between firefox 10 and icedtea, we're considering doing the Thunderbird rapid release migration during the Thunderbird 10 time frame due to the extra testing efforts upstream that went into the ESR prep (we're not using the ESR)

 18:23:04 <micahg> if we go ahead with this, those builds will be in -proposed later this week or early next week

 18:23:40 <jdstrand> micahg: what is the deciding factor?

 18:24:04 <micahg> jdstrand: umm, just availability I think

 18:24:17 <micahg> i.e. we don't have more important things to do right now

 18:24:52 <jdstrand> micahg: ok. perhaps you and mdeslaur can discuss that after this meeting

 18:25:16 <micahg> ok, sounds good

 18:25:34 <micahg> also, I'm planning to merge ca-certificates from Debian before feature freeze

 18:26:22 <micahg> and time permitting, work on the webkit migration in the stable releases to 1.6

 18:26:41 <micahg> that's it for me, tyhicks?

 18:26:48 <tyhicks> I'm in the community role this week

 18:27:03 <tyhicks> I'm currently trying to get bug 926292 triaged

 18:27:05 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 926292 in linux (Ubuntu) "automake distdir.test fails because of an EPERM error" [Medium,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/926292

 18:27:36 <tyhicks> Once that is done, I'll go back to my ruby1.8 update and begin testing this week

 18:28:12 <tyhicks> I think the only work item that I need to complete before feature freeze is getting a daily build ppa set up for ecryptfs-utils

 18:28:42 <jdstrand> tyhicks: re 926292> huh, that is from seb128? I thought it failed on the buildds without ecryptfs. interesting

 18:29:03 <tyhicks> jdstrand: Yeah, that's the one from seb128

 18:29:09 <mdeslaur> tyhicks: so, what's the status on ecryptfs on precise, and on previous releases?

 18:29:12 <tyhicks> If it failed on the buildds w/o eCryptfs, I missed that

 18:29:22 <tyhicks> I'll look back at the logs

 18:29:24 <mdeslaur> tyhicks: are there any outstanding bugs that should be milestones so we track them properly?

 18:29:29 <jdstrand> tyhicks: it might be worth asking about...

 18:29:53 <tyhicks> mdeslaur: I feel really good about eCryptfs on precise

 18:30:12 <mdeslaur> tyhicks: is the automake bug the only one right now?

 18:30:25 <tyhicks> mdeslaur: Nope - one more bug that I need to fix

 18:30:28 * tyhicks looks up the number

 18:30:53 <tyhicks> bug 842647

 18:30:55 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 842647 in eCryptfs "[git] file blocks duplicated at the end of the file" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/842647

 18:31:15 <mdeslaur> tyhicks: ok, I'll milestone those two to precise

 18:31:52 <tyhicks> thanks mdeslaur

 18:31:59 <tyhicks> I think that's it for me

 18:32:09 <tyhicks> jjohansen: you're up

 18:32:22 <jjohansen> I need to get the mount and associated rules out and in review and testing this week.  Then I will go back and roll a new version of the dentry patch for Bug #925028.  After that it will be getting all the patches marshalled for a pull request, and then maybe looking at a limited implicit labeling patch more.

 18:32:23 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 925028 in lxc (Ubuntu) "apparmor breaks lxc-start-ephemeral (apparmor+overlayfs returns -EINVAL)" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/925028

 18:34:04 <jjohansen> I think thats it from me

 18:34:18 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Highlighted packages

 18:34:23 <jdstrand> The Ubuntu Security team will highlight some community-supported packages that might be good candidates for updating and or triaging. If you would like to help Ubuntu and not sure where to start, this is a great way to do so.

 18:34:27 <jdstrand> See https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/UpdateProcedures for details and if you have any questions, feel free to ask in #ubuntu-security. To find out other ways of helping out, please see https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/GettingInvolved.

 18:34:36 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/gnome-shell.html

 18:34:39 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/wxwidgets2.6.html

 18:34:42 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/atop.html

 18:34:45 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/vdr.html

 18:34:50 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/kolabd.html

 18:35:01 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Miscellaneous and Questions

 18:35:07 <jdstrand> Does anyone have any other questions or items to discuss?

 18:38:18 <jdstrand> mdeslaur, sbeattie, micahg, tyhicks, jjohansen: thanks!

 18:38:21 <jdstrand> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)