#title #ubuntu-meeting Meeting

Meeting started by kees at 20:02:25 UTC.  The full logs are available at
http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2012/ubuntu-meeting.2012-10-01-20.02.log.html
.



== Meeting summary ==

 *New/MIR processing for new nvidia-experimental-NNN packages: bryce

 *Scan the mailing list archive for anything we missed (standing item)

 *Check up on community bugs (standing item)

 *Other business

 *Select a chair for the next meeting



Meeting ended at 20:29:46 UTC.



== Votes ==




== Action items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * kees (29)
 * pitti (24)
 * cjwatson (23)
 * bryceh (15)
 * stgraber (4)
 * soren (4)
 * mdz (3)
 * meetingology (3)
 * ubottu (1)



== Full Log ==


 20:02:25 <kees> #startmeeting

 20:02:25 <meetingology> Meeting started Mon Oct  1 20:02:25 2012 UTC.  The chair is kees. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 20:02:25 <meetingology> 

 20:02:25 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 20:02:50 <kees> looks like no action review

 20:02:57 <kees> so, let's move right along...

 20:03:05 <kees> [topic] New/MIR processing for new nvidia-experimental-NNN packages: bryce

 20:03:13 <cjwatson> There was one action but I did it

 20:03:17 <cjwatson> (Followed up to the lists)

 20:03:34 <bryceh> thanks again for the new policy regarding the experimental drivers.

 20:03:35 <kees> cool, saw that just now.

 20:03:47 <kees> bryceh: sure! seems like a good plan.

 20:04:17 <bryceh> the issue is that I think there was some uncertainty by reviewers on what that means, so in practice it has not been speeding things up very much.

 20:04:37 <cjwatson> Have you actually had pushback, or is it just that all the reviewers are busy?

 20:04:43 <pitti> new processing seems to be rather simple to me, I guess these drivers look all alike?

 20:04:44 <bryceh> but the specific issue I need help with is when we get a new beta driver, it needs to go through several steps:  New review, MIR, then SRU

 20:04:50 <cjwatson> There's enough overlap between -sru and -release that release timing can cause issues

 20:05:00 <pitti> I don't see much purpose in an explicit MIR

 20:05:04 <bryceh> what i'm finding is that while each review is quick, it can take several days to catch someone's attention and do the review.

 20:05:13 <pitti> we don't usually do that for other cases either (libfoo2 vs. libfoo3 or so)

 20:05:21 <bryceh> cjwatson, busy/vacation/offline yeah

 20:05:56 * soren stumbles in

 20:05:58 <soren> Sorry I'm late.

 20:06:05 <pitti> I had expected the cycle to be "upload to -proposed queue" and u-sru NEWs it into -restricted

 20:06:13 <pitti> hey soren

 20:06:36 <bryceh> anyway, currently it appears I need to go to three separate individuals to do the review steps.  It would be nice if one person (the SRU admin, ala RAOF) could handle all approvals in one go.

 20:07:19 <cjwatson> So, RAOF has technical access to do both NEW and SRU (normally he'd only process the UNAPPROVED queue, but there's nothing actually stopping him from doing NEW for a stable series and in this case it seems reasonable)

 20:07:34 <cjwatson> I think then all we would need to do is agree that he has a class-action MIR?

 20:08:05 <kees> seems fine to me. I think that was the original intent, yes?

 20:08:08 <cjwatson> i.e. that the "main" (well, restricted) review for the mainline nvidia/fglrx drivers covers these variants too

 20:08:46 <cjwatson> Does the package need to go into the development series as well as part of this?

 20:09:16 <bryceh> cjwatson, yes we will always have the development series updated too.

 20:09:32 <kees> good, yeah. I would have expected that to be happening.

 20:09:42 <bryceh> although technically they're probably orthogonal since we move them back to nvidia-current on upgrade

 20:09:49 <bryceh> er, move people back

 20:10:06 <cjwatson> That's a problem because in general -sru does not have any queue admin access to the development series

 20:10:23 <cjwatson> If the person you were dealing with were in -archive then this wouldn't be a problem though

 20:10:54 <cjwatson> And actually RAOF is - not fully trained I think but he's expressed an interest in that and it's just waiting for me to get round to it

 20:10:58 <cjwatson> If I'm thinking of the right person

 20:11:36 <pitti> but I guess the time-sensitive part is actually precise-proposed?

 20:11:43 <stgraber> having RAOF do both the AA work for the current dev release and the SRU review would make sense as he's probably the one person who's the most clue about the package anyway

 20:11:43 <bryceh> pitti, that's correct

 20:11:51 <pitti> i. e. if the equivalent dev release NEWing takes some days longer, that's not a big deal?

 20:12:10 <bryceh> having it in quantal is really only important in order to proceed with doing the SRU

 20:12:49 <pitti> if it helps archive/SRU folks, I wouldn't mind to extend the MRE with some verbiage about delegating the SRU NEWing for nvidia-* to ubuntu-sru

 20:12:52 <bryceh> pitti, yeah, if we could do the precise-proposed and quantal as two separate processes then if getting it into quantal takes a while longer, that'd be ok

 20:13:32 <pitti> we've had wholly new drivers SRUed without any dev release counterpart

 20:13:34 <cjwatson> I think NEW authorisation where necessary for SRUs is implicit in the general delegation to -sru

 20:13:39 <cjwatson> Personally

 20:14:28 <pitti> it doesn't happen often (fortunately!), so I guess there's some uncertainty involved

 20:15:39 <bryceh> ok, thanks, yes it may be just that it needed some extra clarification what was permitted.  thanks

 20:16:17 <kees> do we have a specific action to take out of this? update documentation?

 20:17:03 <bryceh> kees, I have been documenting the process at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/X/DriverUpdates and will make sure it's clearly stated and referenced on that page

 20:17:18 <kees> bryceh: okay, that sounds good to me.

 20:18:11 <cjwatson> Yep, we don't seem to have any dissent here

 20:19:05 <kees> bryceh: did this cover everything for you?

 20:19:32 <bryceh> kees, yes thank you!

 20:19:35 <kees> cool

 20:19:56 <kees> [topic] Scan the mailing list archive for anything we missed (standing item)

 20:20:32 <kees> I don't see anything outstanding on the list. anyone see anything I'm not?

 20:20:54 <pitti> neither do I

 20:20:58 <soren> Nope.

 20:21:11 <stgraber> nope

 20:21:20 <kees> [topic] Check up on community bugs (standing item)

 20:21:23 <pitti> I changed my mutt config to show  TB mail in a different color now, and nothing jumps at me :)

 20:21:47 <kees> we have https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu-community/+bug/174375 still showing, but it looks like we should unassign TB from it, based on discussion.

 20:21:49 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 174375 in ubuntu-community "Distribution drivers permissions may need redesign" [Medium,Confirmed]

 20:22:45 <kees> (or mark it fix-released)

 20:22:48 <kees> what do others think?

 20:23:55 <pitti> I'd close it now

 20:24:04 <pitti> if there are specific issues left, they should get more focussed bugs

 20:24:10 <cjwatson> Yeah, let's close it.  We don't gain much from it at this point.

 20:24:15 <kees> done.

 20:24:15 <pitti> but "may need redesign" sounds like a dead horse now

 20:24:30 <kees> [topic] Other business

 20:24:41 <kees> anything else we need to go over before picking the next chair?

 20:24:43 <cjwatson> As a point of reference, ~ubuntu-release now has queue admin access and still contains ~ubuntu-release-nominators (though that was mostly oversight), and to the best of my knowledge there's been zero abuse.

 20:24:44 <pitti> "There are currently no open bugs." \o/

 20:24:53 <cjwatson> Probably because it's not exactly something you can run into by accident.

 20:24:55 <kees> pitti: :)

 20:25:30 <cjwatson> (And if we cared, we could invert the team structure as I suggested, but I don't think I really care.)

 20:26:18 <kees> [topic] Select a chair for the next meeting

 20:26:23 <kees> okay, who's next?

 20:26:37 <pitti> that would be me, I think

 20:26:51 <soren> I won't be able to make it.

 20:26:51 <kees> mdz, no?

 20:26:52 <pitti> Oct 15 sounds ok

 20:26:54 <stgraber> yeah, as long as there's no abuse, status quo is fine. I'd still love to have that audit trail implemented though :)

 20:27:05 <mdz> I'm available October 15th I think

 20:27:06 <pitti> I'm going in the order at https://launchpad.net/~techboard/+members

 20:27:11 <kees> ah!

 20:27:16 <pitti> but I don't mind much

 20:27:17 <mdz> but pitti's suggestion is fine too ;-)

 20:27:27 <pitti> I'm just less sure about Oct 29, with UDS and such

 20:27:38 <cjwatson> Oct 15 is fine by me

 20:27:45 <kees> okay, we'll do first-name then, not nick. pitti it is

 20:27:46 <mdz> oct 29 is no problem for me

 20:28:06 <cjwatson> Oct 29 will be, er, either 2200 or 2300 at UDS (haven't looked up DST)

 20:28:18 <pitti> welcome to my world :)

 20:28:19 <cjwatson> Which I doubt I can make

 20:28:28 <pitti> 2200

 20:28:40 <cjwatson> (My family will be with me so I don't think I'll be doing lots of late-night hacking)

 20:28:43 <pitti> assuming that we readjust back to winter time

 20:29:18 <stgraber> yeah, the UDS meeting seems rather unlikely to happen as we'll likely be busy with other things

 20:29:38 <kees> nice and quick meeting, just under 30 min. :)

 20:29:46 <kees> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)