#title #ubuntu-meeting Meeting

Meeting started by NCommander at 15:01:02 UTC.  The full logs are
available at
http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2012/ubuntu-meeting.2012-01-26-15.01.log.html
.



== Meeting summary ==

''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ARM/Meeting/2012/20120126   (NCommander, 15:02:27)
''LINK:'' http://status.ubuntu.com/ubuntu-precise/ubuntu-arm.html   (NCommander, 15:03:14)
 *Ubuntu ARM Buglist cleanup (everyone to get rid of rotting untouched bugs for obsolete releases) Bugs we are subscribed to
''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/bugs/+bugs?field.searchtext=&orderby=-importance&field.status%3Alist=NEW&field.status%3Alist=CONFIRMED&field.status%3Alist=TRIAGED&field.status%3Alist=INPROGRESS&field.status%3Alist=FIXCOMMITTED&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&assignee_option=any&field.assignee=&field.bug_reporter=&field.bug_commenter=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-arm&field.tag=   (NCommander, 15:08:28)
''ACTION:'' team to review ubuntu-armel master buglist andclean it out  (NCommander, 15:10:14)

 *ARM Server Status (NCommander)

 *Kernel Status (cooloney, ppisati)

 *ARM Porting/FTBFS status (NCommander, janimo)
''ACTION:'' NCommander to debug memory-exhaustation build issue with lamont  (NCommander, 15:22:06)

 *QA Status (GrueMaster, mahmoh)

 *Linaro Updates (rsalveti)
''LINK:'' https://launchpad.net/linaro-dev-platform/+milestone/12.01   (rsalveti, 15:30:47)

 *AOB



Meeting ended at 15:36:01 UTC.



== Votes ==




== Action items ==

 * team to review ubuntu-armel master buglist andclean it out
 * NCommander to debug memory-exhaustation build issue with lamont



== Action items, by person ==

 * lamont
 ** NCommander to debug memory-exhaustation build issue with lamont
 * NCommander
 ** NCommander to debug memory-exhaustation build issue with lamont



== People present (lines said) ==

 * ogra_ (71)
 * NCommander (42)
 * GrueMaster (20)
 * rsalveti (15)
 * ppisati (10)
 * rbasak (8)
 * meetingology` (5)
 * janimo (5)
 * ubottu (4)
 * davidm (3)
 * ahs3 (1)
 * lamont (1)
 * cmagina (1)



== Full Log ==


 15:01:02 <NCommander> #startmeeting

 15:01:02 <meetingology`> Meeting started Thu Jan 26 15:01:02 2012 UTC.  The chair is NCommander. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/AlanBell/mootbot.

 15:01:02 <meetingology`> 

 15:01:02 <meetingology`> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 15:01:21 <ogra_> i added an agenda item btw

 15:01:21 <NCommander> whos here?

 15:01:27 <rbasak> o/

 15:01:33 <ahs3> \o

 15:02:26 <ppisati> o/

 15:02:27 <NCommander> [link] https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ARM/Meeting/2012/20120126

 15:03:00 <NCommander> we have no standing actions items so

 15:03:12 <janimo> hi

 15:03:14 <NCommander> [link] http://status.ubuntu.com/ubuntu-precise/ubuntu-arm.html

 15:03:45 <cmagina> o/

 15:03:53 <NCommander> we really need to get workitems closed off

 15:04:11 * ogra_ close one today :)

 15:04:16 <ogra_> *closed

 15:04:48 <GrueMaster> The graph would look a little more even if the bar was reset.

 15:05:02 <GrueMaster> (still not good, though)

 15:05:04 * davidm waves @ NCommander

 15:05:11 <NCommander> morning davidm

 15:05:32 <janimo> me too, but again wrong syntax. sigh

 15:05:40 <GrueMaster> And we still have non-arm stuff on there.

 15:06:11 <ogra_> yes, because ubuntu-arm contains non arm people

 15:06:43 <ogra_> 7me wonders why we have the same statements over and over again every week

 15:07:05 <NCommander> ogra_: its probably easier to simply look at the topic specs vs. the team spec

 15:07:10 <ogra_> bar wont be reset, ubuntu-arm isnt canonical-arm (on your guys request, i was trying to prevent that back then)

 15:07:15 <NCommander> anyway

 15:07:37 <NCommander> [topic] Ubuntu ARM Buglist cleanup (everyone to get rid of rotting untouched bugs for obsolete releases) Bugs we are subscribed to

 15:07:49 <ogra_> the list currently has 230 bugs open

 15:08:04 <ogra_> of which (guessed) 130 are rotten crap we will never fix

 15:08:26 <janimo> I'll clean up the ftbfs list

 15:08:27 <ogra_> i would like everyone to look through it over the next week to close what we will never touch

 15:08:28 <NCommander> [link] https://bugs.launchpad.net/bugs/+bugs?field.searchtext=&orderby=-importance&field.status%3Alist=NEW&field.status%3Alist=CONFIRMED&field.status%3Alist=TRIAGED&field.status%3Alist=INPROGRESS&field.status%3Alist=FIXCOMMITTED&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&assignee_option=any&field.assignee=&field.bug_reporter=&field.bug_commenter=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-arm&field.tag=

 15:08:29 <janimo> buglist

 15:08:34 <ogra_> NCommander, arch

 15:08:35 <NCommander> ugh

 15:08:40 <ogra_> *argh i meant

 15:09:02 <ogra_> everyone just use the link on the agenda page so NCommander doesnt need to paste it ;)

 15:09:34 <ogra_> (i guess it extends the IRC limit anyway)

 15:09:46 <NCommander> ogra_: looking at the least briefly, almost all of these bugs look valid

 15:09:49 <ogra_> can we make an action out of that for next week

 15:10:01 <ogra_> NCommander, you looked at all 230 ?

 15:10:10 <ogra_> surely the high ones are valid

 15:10:11 <GrueMaster> Some of these bugs may have open upstream bugs, which will keep them open in LP.

 15:10:14 <NCommander> [action] team to review ubuntu-armel master buglist andclean it out

 15:10:14 * meetingology` team to review ubuntu-armel master buglist andclean it out

 15:10:16 <ogra_> right

 15:10:26 <ogra_> thats what we need to look at

 15:10:55 <NCommander> [topic] ARM Server Status (NCommander)

 15:11:37 <rbasak> What's the status of the kernel regression/memory hole issue? bug 920511 bug 921137

 15:11:40 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 920511 in linux-ti-omap4 (Ubuntu) "Regression: netinst on panda armhf fails" [Critical,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/920511

 15:11:44 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 921137 in flash-kernel (Ubuntu) "Flash-kernel-installer doesn't support d-i debian-installer/add-kernel-opts in preseed " [Undecided,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/921137

 15:12:05 <NCommander> Initial uploads for the Marvell board will take place today, getting all the userspace bits ready in preperation for a kernel upload

 15:12:25 <GrueMaster> I think I saw a new kernel in the build process for panda.

 15:12:26 <ogra_> you upload the board ? *g*

 15:12:48 <rbasak> So we're rolling back to not requiring memory hole parameters?

 15:12:57 <ogra_> yup. omap4 had an upload, should be built already but meta is missing

 15:13:05 <GrueMaster> rbasak: Save it for kernel topic

 15:13:10 <ogra_> right

 15:13:10 <ppisati> they told "it's in the pipe"

 15:13:15 <ppisati> *tole me

 15:13:17 <ppisati> argh

 15:13:39 <NCommander> [topic] Kernel Status (cooloney, ppisati)

 15:14:28 <rbasak> Could I ask that the bug be kept updated on what the current plan is please? This issue pretty much halted development for a number of developers

 15:14:31 <ogra_> given the changes in the TI kernel, we wont be requiring the mem= params anymore :)

 15:14:37 <GrueMaster> Filed a new bug (Bug #921934 ) on omap3 last night.

 15:14:39 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 921934 in linux (Ubuntu) "mmc no longer detected on omap (BeagleXM) since 3.2.0.9" [Critical,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/921934

 15:14:52 <ogra_> which means i'll drop them as soon as the new kernel binary is there from the preinstalled builds

 15:15:03 <ogra_> netinst never had them i think

 15:15:43 <GrueMaster> No, but there is still a valid bug on netinstall in that it doesn't have a way to add kernel parameters during installation.

 15:15:59 <ogra_> right, the f-k-i bug is something different

 15:16:28 <ogra_> should be a two line fix or so, and i thought you said NCommander was working on it

 15:16:51 <NCommander> ogra_: thats getting rolled into when I told f-k for armadaxp

 15:17:01 <rbasak> will the installer need to be updated after the new kernel is built in the archive?

 15:17:04 <ogra_> ah, great

 15:17:11 <ogra_> yes

 15:17:28 <ogra_> if the ABI was bumped at least

 15:17:37 * ogra_ isnt sure it was

 15:17:46 <NCommander> [topic] ARM Porting/FTBFS status (NCommander, janimo)

 15:17:58 <rbasak> what do we need to do to make sure it happens?

 15:18:08 <janimo> calligra fix take two curently building

 15:18:10 <rbasak> and how long do we think it'll be before the breakage is fixed in the archive?

 15:18:22 <ogra_> rbasak, wait for the kernel and meta and bump the d-i config and rebuild

 15:18:48 * ogra_ looked at some FTBFS, thzere are still many upstream issues in universe

 15:18:58 <ogra_> like gthread calls having changed etc

 15:18:59 <rbasak> ok, thanks

 15:19:01 <NCommander> in main, Qt went and is crying in the corner

 15:19:40 <NCommander> /usr/bin/ld: final link failed: Memory exhausted

 15:20:04 <ogra_> puch

 15:20:06 <ogra_> err

 15:20:10 <ogra_> ouch even

 15:20:37 <NCommander> I suspect it needs to be built on something with more RAM/swap

 15:21:16 <ogra_> was that a panda it built on ?

 15:21:32 <NCommander> I can't keep track of which machine is what in the buildd pool

 15:21:37 <ogra_> if so, it might be tricky :)

 15:21:50 <ogra_> the pandas should all have panda in their name now i was told

 15:22:06 <NCommander> [action] NCommander to debug memory-exhaustation build issue with lamont

 15:22:06 * meetingology` NCommander to debug memory-exhaustation build issue with lamont

 15:22:27 <ppisati> GrueMaster: i'm on ompa3 mmc bug right

 15:22:39 <ppisati> sorry, i was in another window, bisecting...

 15:22:40 <NCommander> Kernel version: 2.6.38-1209-omap4 #20-Ubuntu SMP PREEMPT Wed Jan 4 19:45:37 UTC 2012 armv7l

 15:22:44 <NCommander> ^- ogra

 15:22:54 <ogra_> aha

 15:23:01 <GrueMaster> ppisati: I didn't assign it to you, but I can.

 15:23:03 <ogra_> thats really bad then

 15:23:16 <NCommander> ogra_: I'll look at with lamont today

 15:23:20 <NCommander> anyway

 15:23:23 <lamont> NCommander: that could also be done with #webops

 15:23:23 <ogra_> gievn they usually have 20G swap

 15:23:44 <ogra_> move ?

 15:23:45 <NCommander> ogra_: its possibly ld has hit the 4 GiB process minute

 15:23:52 <NCommander> [topic] QA Status (GrueMaster, mahmoh)

 15:23:53 <ogra_> yeah

 15:24:08 <NCommander> s/miute/limit/g

 15:24:18 * ogra_ knew what you meant :)

 15:24:23 <ogra_> somehow ...

 15:24:26 <ppisati> GrueMaster: go ahead

 15:24:46 <GrueMaster> Doing a quick screen of preinstalled images prior to milestone next week.

 15:25:22 <GrueMaster> Found several issues with omap (kernel mmc, new u-boot but old MLO mismatch)

 15:25:46 <ogra_> didnt infinity (where is he) take care for the latter yesterday ?

 15:25:57 * ogra_ saw some f-k uploads

 15:26:05 <GrueMaster> Not much has happened in attempting to automate preinstall testing due to preseed issues with oem-config.

 15:26:19 <ogra_> do we actually have a bug ?

 15:26:24 * ogra_ cant remember

 15:26:24 <GrueMaster> ogra_: I'm just reporting status.

 15:26:41 <GrueMaster> For the kernel, yes.

 15:26:44 <ogra_> i plan to look into that

 15:26:57 <GrueMaster> Bug #921934

 15:26:58 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 921934 in linux (Ubuntu) "mmc no longer detected on omap (BeagleXM) since 3.2.0.9" [Critical,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/921934

 15:27:07 <ogra_> for oem-config preseeding being broken

 15:27:26 <ogra_> mmc is on paolos desk already :)

 15:27:30 <GrueMaster> I'll have to look, but I believe so.

 15:27:34 <ogra_> k

 15:27:40 <ogra_> feel free to assign to me

 15:27:43 <GrueMaster> And I think you filed it.

 15:27:59 <ogra_> i filed one for oem-config not running in chroots

 15:28:10 <ogra_> anyway, lets do that offline

 15:28:25 <GrueMaster> Ok.

 15:28:33 <NCommander> [topic] Linaro Updates (rsalveti)

 15:28:45 <ogra_> unity and nux were merged !

 15:28:52 <ogra_> everyone cheer for linaro !

 15:29:02 <ogra_> (compiz still missing though)

 15:29:07 * NCommander plays generic YAY sound effect

 15:29:08 <davidm> That is good news

 15:29:28 <ogra_> davidm, well, these two were the easy ones :)

 15:29:36 <ogra_> all arm code is fidefed anyway

 15:29:39 <davidm> Ya, but at least they are done now

 15:29:41 * ppisati wonders what nux is...

 15:29:42 <ogra_> *ifdefed

 15:29:54 * NCommander wonders where rsalveti is

 15:29:56 <ogra_> ppisati, widget lib that unity uses

 15:30:01 <ppisati> ah

 15:30:05 * ppisati is ignorant...

 15:30:23 * rsalveti waves

 15:30:27 <rsalveti> 1 sec

 15:30:27 <ogra_> yeah, wait until we can mopdprobe unity and you will *have to* care :P

 15:30:44 <rsalveti> release almost out

 15:30:47 <rsalveti> https://launchpad.net/linaro-dev-platform/+milestone/12.01

 15:31:17 <rsalveti> New u-boot-linaro, USB SPL working, and new SPL for omap3 (guess it's fixed at the image already)

 15:31:17 <rsalveti> Enablement testing for wifi, bluetooth and basic graphics at LAVA, what could also help validating the omap3/4 images for Ubuntu.

 15:31:17 <rsalveti> XBMC ready image was published, working quite well on Panda. Work in progress to rebase to eden's beta 2 and fix a few other issues to be compatible with other boards.

 15:31:17 <rsalveti> Kernel CI for our packages available at https://ci.linaro.org/jenkins/view/Ubuntu%20CI%20PKG/. That can help people trying to check/test a newer kernel for the boards we support (like imx53).

 15:31:19 <rsalveti> Automated cross-buildd is now using sbuild with multiarch, and getting package notification with reprepro/rebuildd. Logs available at http://people.linaro.org/~wookey/buildd/ (future planning to improve the interface a bit, and also work on some remaining issues, like fixing apt-get build-dep -a).

 15:31:23 <NCommander> anything else?

 15:31:57 * ogra_ also saw you switched to proper seeds, tasks and metapackages today :)

 15:32:00 <ogra_> for image builds

 15:32:11 <rsalveti> yup \o/

 15:32:14 <ogra_> yay

 15:32:26 <NCommander> rsalveti: anything else?

 15:32:29 <rsalveti> GrueMaster: any issue with omap3?

 15:32:33 <rsalveti> nops, I'm fine

 15:32:41 <NCommander> [topic] AOB

 15:32:44 <ogra_> rsalveti, more on the userspace and build side

 15:32:51 <ogra_> (omap3 that is)

 15:32:59 <GrueMaster> rsalveti: I haven't been able to fully test the new u-boot.

 15:33:10 <rsalveti> oh, ok

 15:33:12 <ogra_> s/build/image build/

 15:33:14 <rsalveti> let me know about any issues

 15:33:44 <GrueMaster> It seems ok so far.  What is the status on the usb boot part?

 15:35:20 <NCommander> is ther eanything else or can I close?

 15:35:47 <NCommander> going once

 15:35:53 <NCommander> twice

 15:35:58 <NCommander> three times

 15:36:00 <rsalveti> GrueMaster: should be working

 15:36:01 <NCommander> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/AlanBell/mootbot)