#title #ubuntu-meeting Meeting

Meeting started by kyleN_ at 16:01:04 UTC.  The full logs are available
at
http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2012/ubuntu-meeting.2012-12-07-16.01.log.html
.



== Meeting summary ==

 *raring/nux
''ACTION:'' sfeole to add usb debug shell instructions to wiki  (kyleN_, 16:10:44)
''LINK:'' https://launchpad.net/~ubuntu-nexus7/+archive/ubuntu-nexus7-installer   (vanhoof, 16:20:57)

 *valgrind mem leak work

 *QA updates
''LINK:'' http://askubuntu.com/questions/tagged/nexus-7?sort=faq&pagesize=50 only has 8 FAQs  (ogra_, 16:35:34)
''ACTION:'' sfeole to handle faq migration from wiki to askubuntu  (kyleN_, 16:36:41)



Meeting ended at 16:40:47 UTC.



== Votes ==




== Action items ==

 * sfeole to add usb debug shell instructions to wiki
 * sfeole to handle faq migration from wiki to askubuntu



== Action items, by person ==

 * sfeole
 ** sfeole to add usb debug shell instructions to wiki
 ** sfeole to handle faq migration from wiki to askubuntu



== People present (lines said) ==

 * ogra_ (85)
 * kyleN_ (65)
 * sfeole (23)
 * vanhoof (16)
 * ayan (15)
 * janimo (14)
 * bcurtiswx (6)
 * meetingology (5)
 * xnox (1)
 * ubottu (1)



== Full Log ==


 16:01:04 <kyleN_> #startmeeting

 16:01:04 <meetingology> Meeting started Fri Dec  7 16:01:04 2012 UTC.  The chair is kyleN_. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:01:04 <meetingology> 

 16:01:04 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 16:01:18 <kyleN_> This is the weekly Ubuntu Nexus 7 meeting

 16:01:29 <vanhoof> o/

 16:01:35 <janimo> hi

 16:01:41 <sfeole> \o/

 16:01:45 <ogra_> moo

 16:01:45 <kyleN_> Today Alex Chiang, who normally runs the meeting, is in Korea, so I will moderate

 16:02:11 <kyleN_> First, I'll summarize the news

 16:02:21 <kyleN_> Then folks can give status

 16:02:30 <kyleN_> then we'll have discussion/Q&A

 16:02:31 <ayan> o/

 16:02:45 <kyleN_> So here's the news:

 16:02:59 <kyleN_> The nux fix has landed, and raring "works" (ogra will discuss this after the summary)

 16:03:13 <ogra_> will i ?

 16:03:19 <kyleN_> Ubuntu Nexus 7 Installer is almost ready for raring support. version1.7 will be available shortly

 16:03:20 <ogra_> seems i will :)

 16:03:49 <kyleN_> Work to develop a nice approach for finding memory leaks with valgrind is progressing

 16:04:14 <kyleN_> So, if ogra is willing, perhaps he can take it up now, or sfeole

 16:04:19 <kyleN_> #topic raring/nux

 16:04:36 <ogra_> well, no issues with unity and nux anymore in raring

 16:04:59 <vanhoof> ogra_: drop shadow on the top panel as well?

 16:05:03 <ogra_> the "panel shaddow is black bar" issue is still there

 16:05:04 <janimo> ogra_, as of today's image?

 16:05:05 * vanhoof hasn't  updated today yet :)

 16:05:15 <ogra_> janimo, as of wednesdays image

 16:05:26 <ogra_> vanhoof, no, the fix for that one hasnt landed

 16:05:45 <ogra_> beyond that i got plymouuth to half work on the images

 16:06:06 <bcurtiswx> Where can we find the plans for the nexus 7 for raring ?

 16:06:10 <ogra_> oem-config works fine but since xnox switched it to compiz it seems to have input issues

 16:06:28 <vanhoof> ogra_: as of late?

 16:06:42 <ogra_> usually a reboot fixes these ... (you land in oem-config again automatically until it is done)

 16:06:47 <vanhoof> ogra_: I got through an install (and plymouth \o/) no issues yesterday

 16:07:00 <sfeole> <~~~ no issues here as well

 16:07:02 <ogra_> vanhoof, yeah, the change is two weeks old or so

 16:07:20 <ogra_> it doesnt seem to happen always or to everyone

 16:07:33 <janimo> bcurtiswx, the strictly nexus related plans are to make current ubuntu robust on it and support at least some hw features (sensors, webcam)

 16:07:34 <ogra_> and the reboot not always fixes it

 16:07:49 <ogra_> so expect some support questions if people start using it widely

 16:08:01 <ogra_> oh, and before i forget ...

 16:08:13 <ogra_> we have a serial debug shell via USb by defautl now

 16:08:14 <janimo> bcurtiswx, the plans are mostly in Launchpad blueprints and in the stated goals of the project but not written up as plans anywhere AFAIK

 16:08:48 <kyleN_> bcurtiswx, the genera plan is to make Ubuntu raring "work" on nexus 7. We are mostly concerned with system level stuff as opposed to GUI for now

 16:08:51 <ogra_> attach the nexus to your PC and run: screen /dev/ttyACM0 115200

 16:08:54 <bcurtiswx> janimo, ubuntu right now on a small screen like the nexus 7 is had to work with. It would be nice to develop "home" screen for them, maybe like the dash but with the users choice of apps, and they would always be fullscreen?

 16:08:59 <ogra_> and you will get a login prompt

 16:09:18 <kyleN_> ogra, nice. should that be put in the wiki/

 16:09:20 <bcurtiswx> kyleN_, OK, maybe I'll turn into an idea/thinktank for the GUI aspects

 16:09:20 <kyleN_> ?

 16:09:33 <ogra_> kyleN_, that would make sense yeah

 16:09:36 <kyleN_> sfeole, can you please add that to the wiki?

 16:09:48 <ogra_> it prevents users from having to set up wlan and install ssh

 16:09:49 <janimo> bcurtiswx, I agree, however this particular project only concers itself with making this hw a good enough platform to test such new UIs on, not actually have them done by 13.04

 16:09:57 <ogra_> to get debugging stuff done

 16:10:06 <ogra_> i think thats all wrt images atm ...

 16:10:15 <ogra_> the touchscreen bug is still there in raring

 16:10:26 <janimo> ogra_, and that serial should work after a dist-upgrade, no need for a fresh raring install?

 16:10:35 <sfeole> might want to comment on bluetooth in raring...

 16:10:44 <ogra_> oh, and brcm-patchram isnt in raring atm, so even though we have BT fixes in kernel it wont work yet

 16:10:44 <kyleN_> [action] sfeole to add usb debug shell instructions to wiki

 16:10:44 * meetingology sfeole to add usb debug shell instructions to wiki

 16:10:56 <ogra_> janimo, right

 16:10:57 <ayan> ogra_: I'm working on getting it in asap.

 16:11:19 <ogra_> ayan, getting what in ?

 16:11:19 <ayan> ogra_: you can find the daily build here: https://code.launchpad.net/~ayan/+recipe/brcm-patchram-daily

 16:11:25 <ayan> not that it is changing often.

 16:11:30 <janimo> ogra_, till just commented on LP that his BT on raring is not fixed by the kernel patch

 16:11:35 <janimo> it was only 12.10 that worked

 16:11:47 <ogra_> ayan, i dont think we want the hack in the archive

 16:11:56 <ayan> the hack?

 16:11:56 <janimo> which is unfortunate, but bluez did not seem to change that much since 12.10

 16:12:16 <ogra_> ayan, loading the firmware is/should be part of the driver ... not of a userspace tool

 16:12:36 <ogra_> there are patches upstream that even seem to have gone into mainline for this

 16:12:43 * ayan nods.

 16:12:44 <ogra_> but there arent any for our kernel version

 16:12:45 <ayan> okay.

 16:13:07 <kyleN_> ok, so BT support is pending

 16:13:10 <ogra_> if we would use the hack, i would just upload the ppa package to the archive ... untouched

 16:13:23 <janimo> bcurtiswx, here is the work item status for 13.04 http://status.ubuntu.com/ubuntu-raring/group/topic-raring-desktop-targets-for-embedded.html

 16:13:30 <ogra_> which is the last resort solution if kernel cant work

 16:13:42 <ayan> it isn't quite a 'hack' though.  it is software writen and maintained by a broadcom developer.

 16:13:51 <ogra_> yeah, true

 16:14:00 <ayan> (software of questionable quality though.)

 16:14:05 <ogra_> but there are upstream efforts for getting patchram support into the kernel itself

 16:14:12 <ayan> right.  understood.

 16:14:19 * janimo sees this as a helper tool like with many hw peripherals (usb modeswitch for ex)

 16:14:19 <ogra_> if we could make use of teehse that would be great

 16:14:27 <ogra_> if we cant we still have the fallback

 16:14:34 <janimo> not ideal but if it is the only way to get it work properly now...

 16:14:53 <ogra_> janimo, well, our x86 kernel can handle patchram stuff just fine

 16:15:07 <janimo> it is at 3.7 though no?

 16:15:28 <janimo> a lot of our issues would go away if we had a 3.7 kernel too (and we'd likely have some new)

 16:15:31 <ogra_> the patcches went into mainline ... so it feels a bit odd adding a userspace hack for something that doesnt need one on other arches

 16:15:41 <bcurtiswx> janimo, thx

 16:15:58 <ogra_> yeah, no 3.7 for us until the binary drivers fullly work with it

 16:16:01 <ayan> ogra_: it needs to be on other archs.

 16:16:30 <ogra_> ayan, on other arches the BT stack of the kernel performs the patchram call

 16:16:48 <ogra_> while we do it in userspace and by replacing hcitool completely

 16:17:17 <vanhoof> thats device by device though I thought, what has landed upstream doesn't cover all brcm combo cards /me thought

 16:17:34 * ayan wasn't aware that it actually landed upstream.

 16:17:35 <ogra_> bug 1065400

 16:17:37 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1065400 in linux (Ubuntu Raring) "Support for loading Broadcom bluetooth firmware" [Medium,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1065400

 16:17:43 <ogra_> it was at least requested

 16:17:49 <ayan> okay.

 16:18:11 <ogra_> anyway, if we could use that approach that would be a ton better

 16:18:19 <ogra_> if we cant we can still pull the package in

 16:18:21 <kyleN_> Sounds like we have a plan A and a possible hack/fallback/plan B

 16:18:33 <ogra_> right

 16:18:46 <kyleN_> done, ogra?

 16:18:56 <ogra_> yeah, wrt images i am :)

 16:19:01 <kyleN_> ok, thanks

 16:19:12 <ayan> so should i continue with the brcm-patchram userspace stuff?

 16:19:50 <vanhoof> ayan, i'd say as a fallback, perhaps ping jesse to see about raring and the device in the n7

 16:20:01 <ayan> got it.

 16:20:05 <kyleN_> thanks ayan

 16:20:12 <ogra_> awesome

 16:20:24 <kyleN_> OK moving along to the installer supporting R

 16:20:40 <kyleN_> I understand installer pkg 1.7 will support R

 16:20:51 <kyleN_> but it is not yet available - will be soon

 16:20:56 <vanhoof> it is now :)

 16:20:57 <sfeole> it's avail now

 16:20:57 <vanhoof> https://launchpad.net/~ubuntu-nexus7/+archive/ubuntu-nexus7-installer

 16:21:01 <kyleN_> aha

 16:21:07 <ogra_> great

 16:21:10 <sfeole> wiki is already updated

 16:21:20 <ogra_> usb-creator work is still pending

 16:21:21 <kyleN_> vanhoof, thx, and sfeole.

 16:21:27 <vanhoof> with the raring dailys looking nice I've moved over to raring now

 16:21:38 <ogra_> i think i'll start with that with xnox after the vacation days

 16:21:54 <vanhoof> same process as before, it'll pull the daily if its new(er) than what you have locally

 16:22:01 <ogra_> we might change the image output format mind you

 16:22:23 <ogra_> i.e. we peobably will merge both files into one etc

 16:22:35 <ogra_> *probably

 16:22:38 <vanhoof> ogra_: ok, if you do, no biggie to fix-up on my end if needed

 16:22:39 <kyleN_> ogra, can you pls explain the usb creator approach and how it differs from the installer approach?

 16:22:48 <ogra_> but i'll shout if that happens

 16:22:52 <vanhoof> cool

 16:23:35 <xnox> ogra_: yeap, ideally i would like to have a quick chat about the format with you.

 16:23:41 <ogra_> kyleN_, a supported distro toool thats installed in all ubuntu installs to do the flashing

 16:23:57 <ogra_> instead of a separately maintained installer script

 16:24:17 <kyleN_> ogra, to flash an attached n7 'disk' directly, or via an external media?

 16:24:21 <ogra_> kyleN_, the plan is to have usb-creator generally support android flashing

 16:24:39 <ogra_> it should function similar to the script installer ....

 16:24:49 <ogra_> download on demand etc

 16:25:01 <ogra_> xnox, yeah, lets do that after the meeting in #ubuntu-arm

 16:25:10 <kyleN_> ok, thx ogra

 16:25:37 <kyleN_> I forgot to announce the Installer topic -oops

 16:25:48 <kyleN_> [topic] valgrind mem leak work

 16:26:21 <kyleN_> Alex chiang's patch to valgrind to accept a path to a dir with debug symbols was commited

 16:26:35 <kyleN_> upstream

 16:26:52 <kyleN_> We are working on modifications to apport to:

 16:27:11 <kyleN_> create a dir with the debug symbols for the app you want to valgrind

 16:27:27 <kyleN_> valgrind it and produce a log file that can be used to identify memory leaks

 16:28:04 <kyleN_> in the longer run, we hope to normalize those log files and upload them if they are 'unique' in a manner that lets people find them and act on them

 16:28:09 <ogra_> will that in any way influence "normal" apport behavior for normal users of armhf ?

 16:28:21 <kyleN_> ogra_, no

 16:28:26 <ogra_> great

 16:28:56 <kyleN_> [topic] QA updates

 16:29:05 <kyleN_> sfeole, putting you on the spot without warning here

 16:29:12 <kyleN_> sorry - anything to add?

 16:29:15 <sfeole> sure

 16:29:28 <sfeole> If some of you want to dist-upgrade from 12.10 -> 13.04 then you may hit some known issues.

 16:29:39 <sfeole> Please refer to the following bugs:

 16:29:47 <sfeole> #1087295

 16:29:53 <sfeole> #1087335

 16:30:18 <sfeole> it's not a smooth transition, requires a little bit of work.

 16:30:29 <sfeole> but other than that should function as expected

 16:30:33 <kyleN_> sfeole, is there any reason to do dist-upgrade instead of using the new installer R support?

 16:30:42 <ogra_> and generally we encourage re-flashing anyway

 16:30:59 <sfeole> nope, up to the user, as ogra_ just said we encourage a re-flash

 16:31:15 <ogra_> (so people have proper user, tomezone and language setup)

 16:31:25 <sfeole> yes

 16:31:26 <kyleN_> perhaps the wiki should make that clear, if it doesn't aleady

 16:31:34 <sfeole> Thats it for now, I have been updating the Nexus7/KnownIssues page every day and bringing it up to speed. So be sure to check it out

 16:31:35 <ogra_> its just for the hardcore guys that insit on upgrading :)

 16:32:03 <sfeole> Also

 16:32:20 <sfeole> all of the other exciting announcement that we have covered today will be on the Wiki in about 5 minutes.

 16:32:25 <sfeole> <-- done

 16:32:29 <ogra_> wrt known issues and wikippages ....

 16:32:33 <kyleN_> thanks sfeole

 16:32:47 <ogra_> the FAQ link now takes you to askubuntu ....

 16:32:54 <ogra_> from the main wiki page

 16:33:26 <sfeole> yea, that was our goal to migrate most of the questions to AU

 16:33:28 <ogra_> on askubuntu the amount of FAQs seems to be ratrher sparse while the actuall FAQ wikipage is pretty full ... but its not easily discoverable anymore

 16:34:03 <ogra_> will anyone transfer these faqs, or should we have a "wikiFAQ" link or some such to not lose alll the answers ?

 16:34:32 <sfeole> most of the questions in the wiki faq should be already up on Ask Ubuntu, simply search for the Nexus-7 tag

 16:34:45 <kyleN_> +1 on migrate faq to AU and delete from wiki

 16:35:01 <kyleN_> ogra, one follow up question

 16:35:03 <kyleN_> ogra, your comment above about timezone/language/etc is that if you reinstall/reflash, you will use oem-config, which prompts you for timezone, language, and creates a user account with your specifics, right?

 16:35:22 <sfeole> kyleN_: correct

 16:35:34 <ogra_> http://askubuntu.com/questions/tagged/nexus-7?sort=faq&pagesize=50 only has 8 FAQs

 16:35:49 <ogra_> kyleN_, exactly

 16:36:06 <kyleN_> so sfeole, pls massage the wiki/AU faq situation

 16:36:14 <sfeole> ogra_: I'll take that action item to add the remaining questions to that faq

 16:36:23 <ogra_> i think chris was working on that

 16:36:34 <ogra_> k

 16:36:41 <kyleN_> [action] sfeole to handle faq migration from wiki to askubuntu

 16:36:41 * meetingology sfeole to handle faq migration from wiki to askubuntu

 16:36:55 <kyleN_> OK, so that's it for the agenda.

 16:37:03 <kyleN_> any comments/discussion/etc?

 16:37:07 * ogra_ has some personal announcement ....

 16:37:17 <kyleN_> go for it

 16:37:19 <ogra_> this is officially my last day ...

 16:37:28 <ogra_> ... for this year :P

 16:37:30 <kyleN_> -1

 16:37:36 <kyleN_> +1 ;)

 16:37:37 <sfeole> haha,

 16:37:37 * ogra_ sees pale faces :)

 16:37:44 <vanhoof> ogra_: dont make me grab my heart medicine

 16:37:45 <vanhoof> kthx

 16:37:52 <bcurtiswx> I think all of freenode will be gone these next few weeks

 16:37:54 <ogra_> i.e. i didnt take my vacation in a timely manner

 16:37:57 <kyleN_> picks up jaw and gets back into chair

 16:38:13 <ogra_> but even though i'm vacating i'll largely be around

 16:38:24 <bcurtiswx> ogra_, why call it a vacation? :P

 16:38:38 <ogra_> bcurtiswx, yeah, its more like a free month

 16:38:40 <kyleN_> So I will leave it to Alex Chiang to schedule this meeting respecting upcoming holdiay season

 16:38:52 <kyleN_> we can expect dholbach to announce as usual

 16:39:04 <kyleN_> dholbach is out today

 16:39:06 <ogra_> right, the llast ten days everything is shut down anyway

 16:39:20 <ogra_> we only have two of them before new year

 16:39:48 <kyleN_> ok, anything else?

 16:40:12 <kyleN_> ogra, and all, Happy Holidays!

 16:40:16 <kyleN_> going once...

 16:40:20 <ogra_> heh, thx

 16:40:35 <kyleN_> going twice...

 16:40:44 <kyleN_> cheers and thx all

 16:40:47 <vanhoof> thanks kyleN_, you too!

 16:40:47 <kyleN_> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)