#title #ubuntu-meeting Meeting

Meeting started by pleia2 at 17:01:03 UTC.  The full logs are available
at
http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2012/ubuntu-meeting.2012-08-16-17.01.log.html
.



== Meeting summary ==

''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/CommunityCouncilAgenda   (pleia2, 17:01:47)
 *Ubuntu Membership Board GMT+ catchup
''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ContributeToUbuntu is still accurate at first glance  (sabdfl, 17:08:58)
''ACTION:'' czajkowski to look into into getting the /Membership wiki page translated  (pleia2, 17:14:50)
''ACTION:'' Membership board to look into writing simplified membership page  (pleia2, 17:17:38)

 *Any other business
''ACTION:'' YokoZar to email DMB ~ membership not being required for PPU rights  (YokoZar, 17:27:24)
''ACTION:'' YokoZar to push new branch of CoC update based on latest Etherpad  (YokoZar, 17:27:46)



Meeting ended at 17:30:50 UTC.



== Votes ==




== Action items ==

 * czajkowski to look into into getting the /Membership wiki page translated
 * Membership board to look into writing simplified membership page
 * YokoZar to email DMB ~ membership not being required for PPU rights
 * YokoZar to push new branch of CoC update based on latest Etherpad



== Action items, by person ==

 * czajkowski
 ** czajkowski to look into into getting the /Membership wiki page translated
 * YokoZar
 ** YokoZar to email DMB ~ membership not being required for PPU rights
 ** YokoZar to push new branch of CoC update based on latest Etherpad



== People present (lines said) ==

 * pleia2 (37)
 * cyphermox (20)
 * YokoZar (19)
 * czajkowski (19)
 * sabdfl (14)
 * hggdh (11)
 * micahg (9)
 * meetingology (7)
 * cjohnston (4)
 * Laney (2)
 * Gwaihir (1)
 * ejat (1)



== Full Log ==


 17:01:03 <pleia2> #startmeeting

 17:01:03 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Aug 16 17:01:03 2012 UTC.  The chair is pleia2. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 17:01:03 <meetingology> 

 17:01:03 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 17:01:19 <pleia2> Community Council meeting :) welcome all

 17:01:23 <czajkowski> aloha

 17:01:28 <sabdfl> allo allo

 17:01:47 <pleia2> #link https://wiki.ubuntu.com/CommunityCouncilAgenda

 17:01:48 <Gwaihir> o/

 17:02:20 <pleia2> so I think the only thing we really have on the agenda is catching up with the 12:00 membership board

 17:02:28 <pleia2> #topic Ubuntu Membership Board GMT+ catchup

 17:02:37 <pleia2> who all is here from that board?

 17:02:41 <cyphermox> o/

 17:02:47 <czajkowski> cyphermox: hey there

 17:02:48 * cjohnston is from 2200, but I'm here

 17:03:01 <pleia2> the boards are rather fluid anyway, all welcome

 17:03:04 <cyphermox> czajkowski: hi :)

 17:03:11 * micahg is GMT- (US)

 17:03:23 <hggdh> o/

 17:03:32 <sabdfl> o/

 17:03:39 <pleia2> we pretty much just take this opportunity to check in, make sure there aren't any problems or blockers, ask for nice stories :)

 17:03:42 * hggdh is flexible

 17:03:43 * micahg doesn't quite understand how GMT+ is descriptive of a time

 17:04:18 <cyphermox> pleia2: it seems to me as though the new split of the boards is working pretty well to both get good time coverage, and avoid meetings without quorum

 17:05:00 <cyphermox> the biggest issue I've noticed (and it wasn't all that much, just complicated) was for some applicants in Myanmar IIRC who can't sign the CoC.

 17:05:13 <cyphermox> I'm not certain of the current status of that

 17:05:30 <czajkowski> cyphermox: I asked the user to let us know exactly what steps they were taking

 17:05:41 <micahg> there's also an issue of people not realizing that significant and sustained contributions are required for membership

 17:05:50 <hggdh> indeed

 17:06:00 <hggdh> but I think this has always been the case

 17:06:07 <czajkowski> so launchpad could look into it and possibly see if another keyserver should be used.

 17:06:23 <czajkowski> micahg: what do you mea?

 17:06:32 <czajkowski> are people applying too soon or not tracking their work ?

 17:06:42 <cjohnston> Possibly both.

 17:06:45 <cjohnston> imo

 17:06:56 <cjohnston> Or either

 17:06:57 <micahg> yeah

 17:07:37 <cyphermox> agree. We've had some (few) applications for membership thought of as a permission to contribute, basically

 17:07:56 * pleia2 nods

 17:08:17 <cyphermox> I think we did a good job at explaining the idea though; and it was well received and understood

 17:08:58 <sabdfl> https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ContributeToUbuntu is still accurate at first glance

 17:09:14 <sabdfl> perhaps exhaustingly so :)

 17:09:16 <cyphermox> The issue I think is that we can hardly make it clearer on the wiki, so yes we're dependent on people actually reading the pages

 17:09:33 <YokoZar> cyphermox: That worries me about some unseen portion of people not contributing because they don't want to bother applying for membership

 17:10:00 <cyphermox> YokoZar: I wonder if that would really stop people from contributing?

 17:10:09 <pleia2> even https://wiki.ubuntu.com/Membership/Boards does link to the membership guidelines, and that's the page they add their name to, so it is at least seen (if not read)

 17:10:12 <YokoZar> Perhaps it's a thing of making "Ubuntu Membership" a more visible concept than "contribute to ubuntu"

 17:10:21 <YokoZar> (for some instances)

 17:10:39 <cyphermox> pleia2: sabdfl: perhaps we could like to ContributeToUbuntu from https://wiki.ubuntu.com/Membership

 17:11:14 <micahg> well,  who to apply for rights is wrong on that wiki page (I don't think I've ever seen that page before :))

 17:11:27 <micahg> on the ContributeToUbuntu page that is

 17:11:27 <pleia2> cyphermox: maybe something like "Not ready for membership yet? Learn more about how you can ContributeToUbuntu"

 17:11:29 <cyphermox> but I don't think it's going to change all that much; I'm afraid there will always be a portion of people who don't read or don't understand what we mean, due to the language barrier maybe.

 17:11:50 <pleia2> cyphermox: agreed

 17:12:13 <cyphermox> I think it's far fvrom being a moajority of the applications that really run into this kind of problem, we can always explain in more detail during the meeting

 17:12:20 <czajkowski> well we could ask the community to help translate the pages?

 17:12:31 <hggdh> that would be nice

 17:12:33 <cyphermox> cjohnston: yes

 17:12:36 <cyphermox> woops

 17:13:03 <czajkowski> cyphermox: :)

 17:13:21 <czajkowski> ok I'll look into getting the membership age translated if folks want

 17:13:39 <czajkowski> pleia2: sabdfl YokoZar that seem like a good ide?

 17:13:43 <czajkowski> *idea

 17:13:45 <pleia2> yes, thanks :)

 17:13:53 <cyphermox> I can spend some time to translate it to French, perhaps

 17:14:02 <czajkowski> pleia2: action me that and will sort that out monday

 17:14:07 <czajkowski> or tomorrow before I leave

 17:14:50 <pleia2> #action czajkowski to look into into getting the /Membership wiki page translated

 17:14:50 * meetingology czajkowski to look into into getting the /Membership wiki page translated

 17:15:26 <sabdfl> perhaps we just need a simplified version in the local language?

 17:16:14 <hggdh> or perhaps a simplified version also in English, pointing to the full version

 17:16:26 <hggdh> where we only hightlight the points

 17:16:52 <cyphermox> hggdh: +1

 17:17:38 <pleia2> #action Membership board to look into writing simplified membership page

 17:17:38 * meetingology Membership board to look into writing simplified membership page

 17:17:41 <pleia2> there :)

 17:18:14 <hggdh> heh

 17:18:26 <pleia2> anything else?

 17:18:46 <hggdh> not from me, I am happy as a drunken clam

 17:19:03 <pleia2> thanks for coming, we'll invite you guys back on September 20th if other members wish to join us at a meeting then

 17:19:16 <hggdh> cheers

 17:19:20 <pleia2> (might even plan to follow up on how this membership page stuff is going)

 17:19:36 <pleia2> #topic Any other business

 17:19:38 * hggdh goes for a lunch

 17:19:51 <pleia2> anyone have anything else they wish to announce or bring up during this CC meeting?

 17:20:13 <czajkowski> just the CoC review

 17:20:33 <czajkowski> any update YokoZar ?

 17:20:51 <YokoZar> Is it just waiting on me now?

 17:21:06 <YokoZar> Or are there still sections we needed to redo in other ways

 17:21:11 <pleia2> YokoZar: can you have a look at the etherpad and update language/grammar issues?

 17:21:26 <pleia2> then dholbach will check in the changes and we'll review again

 17:21:44 <YokoZar> Yeah.  I was holding off a bit on a couple sections cause I thought we might redo them to mean something different.

 17:21:53 <YokoZar> But I'll take a hack at it today then.

 17:22:13 <pleia2> we're pretty much set, just give me a nudge if you're unsure about any sections (I think it could use a little cleanup)

 17:22:22 <YokoZar> Sorry I got disconnected for last 10 minutes somehow :/

 17:22:50 <micahg> o/

 17:23:06 <YokoZar> Anyway there was something I wanted to discuss (that micahg brought up earlier) :)

 17:23:09 * ejat sorry im late, just arrive home from work ..

 17:23:33 * micahg puts his DMB hat on

 17:23:39 <YokoZar> Yup

 17:24:03 <YokoZar> The idea is pretty simple: Remove the instant grant of membership that being granted upload rights has.

 17:24:16 <YokoZar> and in so doing remove the requirement that an uploader be a member

 17:24:44 <pleia2> beuno was supposed to send an email to the DMB board list to discuss that, but he's been quite busy

 17:24:46 <YokoZar> Noting that uploading could in itself be a kind of significant/sustained contribution that could one day grant membership

 17:24:50 <pleia2> can you?

 17:24:53 <YokoZar> Sure

 17:24:56 <sabdfl> in the name of accelerating upload permissions for promising contributors who don't yet meet the "substantial and sustained" test?

 17:25:08 <micahg> sabdfl: yes, exactly

 17:25:14 <sabdfl> sounds sensible

 17:25:17 <YokoZar> sabdfl: precisely.  Maybe someone is trusted for a single package that they upload once a year or something.

 17:25:35 <sabdfl> oh, i thought we did this when we introduced per-package-uploads, and package sets?

 17:25:46 <pleia2> the meeting it was discussed and action item are from early july: https://wiki.ubuntu.com/CommunityCouncil/TeamReports/12/July

 17:25:49 <cyphermox> it sounds like a nice idea, but don't we already look for significant/sustained contributions to grant upload rights?

 17:26:05 <pleia2> cyphermox: not so much for PPUs

 17:26:13 <cyphermox> ah; right

 17:26:45 <YokoZar> cyphermox: for general "I am Ubuntu developer and can upload to all of universe" we would though

 17:27:09 <cyphermox> yes, I understand the issue is far more specific to PPU rights :)

 17:27:14 * cyphermox goes to lunch

 17:27:24 <YokoZar> #action YokoZar to email DMB ~ membership not being required for PPU rights

 17:27:24 * meetingology YokoZar to email DMB ~ membership not being required for PPU rights

 17:27:42 <pleia2> thanks :)

 17:27:46 <YokoZar> #action YokoZar to push new branch of CoC update based on latest Etherpad

 17:27:46 * meetingology YokoZar to push new branch of CoC update based on latest Etherpad

 17:27:51 <pleia2> \o/

 17:28:15 <YokoZar> All right then

 17:28:21 <pleia2> ok, anything else?

 17:28:22 <Laney> can normal people like me see this branch and pad? ;-)

 17:28:41 <czajkowski> Laney: we will be making the branch public after this

 17:29:03 <pleia2> and we won't publish formally until we have the community review again

 17:29:09 <czajkowski> yup

 17:29:12 <czajkowski> same as before

 17:29:15 <czajkowski> which worked out well

 17:29:17 <sabdfl> Laney, please do look at it to see if it reflects our UDS session

 17:29:30 <Laney> I'd like to, that's why I'm asking where it is

 17:29:31 <sabdfl> i will do a review once there's a delta

 17:29:36 <sabdfl> cool, thank you Laney

 17:29:37 <pleia2> we fixed the "ubuntu is more important than your husband and dog" part :)

 17:29:58 <pleia2> but yeah, we'll get it publich asap

 17:30:07 <pleia2> published too

 17:30:16 <sabdfl> i liked Rick's framing - "contribute to Ubuntu with the intention of making it better for its users"

 17:30:21 <sabdfl> cool

 17:30:25 <sabdfl> thanks all

 17:30:31 <pleia2> thanks everyone

 17:30:50 <pleia2> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)