#title #ubuntu-meeting Meeting

Meeting started by cielak at 18:02:57 UTC.  The full logs are available
at
http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2012/ubuntu-meeting.2012-10-04-18.02.log.html
.



== Meeting summary ==




Meeting ended at 18:29:17 UTC.



== Votes ==




== Action items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * cielak (52)
 * mfisch (40)
 * meetingology (3)



== Full Log ==


 18:02:57 <cielak> #startmeeting

 18:02:57 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Oct  4 18:02:57 2012 UTC.  The chair is cielak. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 18:02:57 <meetingology> 

 18:02:57 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 18:03:25 <cielak> so since we've released 0.3 about a week ago we hadn't done much

 18:03:46 <mfisch> nope

 18:03:59 <cielak> there was some interesting feedback from users though

 18:04:29 <cielak> Martin Owens has published a cool blog post where he expresses his concerns about default accoms collection

 18:05:00 <cielak> and I guess we should indeed open up for a wider discussion concerning how can we improve the structure of these default accom collections

 18:05:16 <cielak> maybe that's a thing for UDS actually

 18:05:18 <mfisch> I'd love to see that in a mock-up

 18:05:46 <mfisch> actually maybe it would be more useful just to layout what stuff we want to cover at UDS here?

 18:06:03 <cielak> mfisch: you coming to UDS?

 18:06:06 <mfisch> yes

 18:06:09 <cielak> awesome

 18:06:22 <mfisch> I will be busy and possibly leading some sessions, but I should be able to sneak out when I can

 18:06:50 <cielak> we'll make sure you can help with accomplishment discussions

 18:07:27 <cielak> one of things that currently bother me is whether we aim for 0.4 or 1.0 now, as Jono refers to it

 18:07:39 <mfisch> what are your thoughts?

 18:08:05 <cielak> if we release 1.0 we'll guarantee that we will support that version from then on

 18:08:22 <cielak> so that milestone would express a level of maturity of the whole system

 18:08:42 <cielak> if we go for another 0. release, then we're open for wider changes

 18:09:20 <mfisch> most of the changes I'd like to see are in the viewer, but I haven't thought about them enough to figure if they'd need major API changes

 18:09:40 <cielak> as far as I know they won't need much

 18:10:08 <mfisch> at UDS, i'd like to see if we can get anyone interested in being a core developer on the viewer

 18:10:11 <cielak> what we totally need to do is to finally implement the 'showcase' design

 18:10:17 <cielak> +1

 18:10:17 <mfisch> since neither of us is skilled/interested

 18:10:44 <cielak> I guess both me and Jono are actually interested

 18:10:54 <cielak> what we're lacking is a high level of expertise in GTK

 18:11:02 <cielak> which stops us from making things as we wish them to be

 18:11:22 <mfisch> I'm happy to help, but learning GTK is not anywhere near the top of my priority list

 18:11:28 <cielak> and to be honest, last 2 release cycles we didn't pay as much attention to the viewer as we did to the daemon

 18:11:35 <mfisch> for sure

 18:11:57 <mfisch> for example in unit tests or pep8

 18:12:02 <cielak> so since the daemon is pretty much stable now, we will be able to concentrate on improving the viewer

 18:12:05 <cielak> exactly

 18:12:15 <cielak> viewer will also need a major code reorganisation

 18:12:50 <cielak> we'll also need to work on the design

 18:12:56 <mfisch> yes

 18:13:02 <cielak> actually, one of the ideas that came to my mind recently

 18:13:03 <mfisch> with some many accomps, it is very cluttered

 18:13:28 <cielak> was to increase the use of webkit in the daemon, thus reducing the GTK influence to dialog windows and toolbar

 18:13:48 <cielak> I guess we might implement beutiful showcase using javascript

 18:14:11 <mfisch> yes

 18:14:16 <mfisch> some of that may depend on who can help

 18:14:28 <cielak> that would release us from all these spacing bugs, GtkIconView limitations, and it would improve performance heavily

 18:14:29 <cielak> true

 18:14:48 <mfisch> perhaps one of our sessions should be brainstorming viewer ideas

 18:14:56 <cielak> so basically we may want to look either for GTK experts, or someone experienced with javascript etc

 18:15:27 <cielak> yeah, I do believe there is a bunch of people who have cool ideas but never have notified us about them

 18:16:27 <mfisch> so jono wont be at UDS

 18:16:46 <mfisch> I know mhall119 is leading a session

 18:16:48 <cielak> if we go for heavier use of webkit, we're gonna need some CSS magic too, but that technology is more commonly known

 18:17:10 <cielak> what about?

 18:17:32 <mfisch> the online stuff and server infrastructure I think

 18:18:09 <cielak> that's cool

 18:19:12 <mfisch> cielak: do we have any blueprints?

 18:19:19 <cielak> none that I know of

 18:20:13 <mfisch> So it sounds like we need to discuss later this week or next setting up some Blueprints

 18:20:25 <mfisch> I can help but can't be the main driver as I have other ones to make

 18:20:35 <cielak> sure

 18:20:54 <cielak> and since jono can't attend, I may end up leading some

 18:21:00 <mfisch> ok

 18:21:20 <mfisch> sounds like one for sure is viewer focused: fixes, technologies, and features

 18:21:30 <cielak> and design

 18:21:52 <cielak> another one will need to focus on reorganising default accomplishments collections

 18:22:07 <mfisch> yes

 18:22:40 <cielak> I'll sum up all concerns known to me in a wiki page, to gather these thoughts in one place

 18:23:19 <mfisch> please do

 18:23:22 <mfisch> and post the link for us

 18:23:27 <cielak> I will

 18:24:20 <mfisch> Lets wrap this up

 18:24:27 <mfisch> we'll need to get a few more folks next time

 18:24:57 <cielak> yup, and depending on who we'll find we'll decide on viewer's future interface

 18:25:02 <mfisch> yes

 18:25:11 <mfisch> well I mean our focus for now should just be UDS planning

 18:25:27 <mfisch> and encouraging people to attend that remote or in person

 18:25:29 <cielak> right

 18:26:18 <cielak> planning also includes deciding on blueprints

 18:26:37 <cielak> yet I guess that unless we remind of something significant we won't need any more

 18:27:03 <cielak> one for server/gallery, one for viewer, one for accoms

 18:27:08 <cielak> that's fairly enough

 18:27:09 <mfisch> jono may know some more

 18:27:16 <mfisch> can you send a summary of this out to the list?

 18:27:22 <mfisch> and ask for participation?

 18:27:29 <cielak> I'll do so

 18:27:48 <mfisch> thanks

 18:27:54 <mfisch> I actually have to go to the dentist now :(

 18:28:15 <cielak> no problem :)

 18:28:35 <mfisch> thanks cielak

 18:28:37 <cielak> I think we're set

 18:28:43 <mfisch> bye everyone

 18:28:51 <cielak> thanks mfisch, bye!

 18:29:17 <cielak> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)