#title #ubuntu-meeting Meeting

Meeting started by slangasek at 15:02:17 UTC.  The full logs are
available at
http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2012/ubuntu-meeting.2012-10-24-15.02.log.html
.



== Meeting summary ==

 *Lightning round

 *Bugs

 *UDS

 *AOB



Meeting ended at 15:50:20 UTC.



== Votes ==




== Action items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * slangasek (58)
 * infinity (38)
 * cjwatson (32)
 * bdmurray (26)
 * ubottu (25)
 * stgraber (21)
 * ogra_ (20)
 * doko (17)
 * ev (16)
 * xnox (14)
 * jodh (11)
 * meetingology (3)
 * stokachu (1)
 * mvo (1)



== Full Log ==


 15:02:17 <slangasek> #startmeeting

 15:02:17 <meetingology> Meeting started Wed Oct 24 15:02:17 2012 UTC.  The chair is slangasek. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 15:02:17 <meetingology> 

 15:02:17 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 15:02:26 <slangasek> [TOPIC] Lightning round

 15:03:14 <slangasek> $ echo $(shuf -e barry doko stgraber jodh ev bdmurray slangasek ogra infinity cjwatson xnox stokachu)

 15:03:17 <slangasek> bdmurray xnox slangasek doko jodh stgraber stokachu barry cjwatson ogra ev infinity

 15:03:50 <bdmurray> bug review of update-manager / ubuntu-release-upgrader bug reports

 15:03:50 <bdmurray> analysis and testing of bug 346386 / bug 24061

 15:03:50 <bdmurray> wrote a new test case for bug 346386

 15:03:50 <bdmurray> wrote a test case for ubuntu-release-upgarder bug 1065806

 15:03:50 <bdmurray> quantal-proposed upload for ubuntu-release-upgrader bugs 1070043, 1065806

 15:03:54 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 346386 in apt (Ubuntu Precise) "[MASTER] Update fails with invalid package files with "Encountered a section with no Package: header"" [High,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/346386

 15:03:56 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 24061 in apt (Ubuntu Quantal) "GPG error with apt-get/aptitude/update-manager behind proxy (BADSIG 40976EAF437D05B5)" [High,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/24061

 15:03:57 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1065806 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu) "diff window is too small on upgrade" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1065806

 15:03:58 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1070043 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu) "DistUpgradeApport.py should check to see if --tags is available" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1070043

 15:04:04 <bdmurray> quantal-proposed upload for apport bug 1039220

 15:04:04 <bdmurray> precise-proposed upload for apport-symptoms bug 1070542

 15:04:04 <bdmurray> sru verification of apt bug 346386, 1050779, 1050791

 15:04:04 <bdmurray> sru verification of apport bug 1050853

 15:04:04 <bdmurray> sru verification of coreutils bug 1038468

 15:04:05 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1039220 in apport (Ubuntu) "don't report crashes for programs that don't match the file on disk (like for kernel crashes)" [Medium,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1039220

 15:04:21 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1070542 in apport-symptoms (Ubuntu Precise) "not possible to use ubuntu-bug ubuntu-release-upgrader-core on precise" [High,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1070542

 15:04:21 * mvo hugs bdmurray

 15:04:22 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1050779 in apt (Ubuntu Precise) "excessive backup pkgcache.bin files retained" [Medium,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1050779

 15:04:23 <bdmurray> sru verification of update-notifier bug 946718

 15:04:23 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1050791 in apt (Ubuntu Precise) "do not run into loop on new-pre-depends-breaks" [Medium,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1050791

 15:04:23 <bdmurray> sru verification of ubuntu-release-upgrader bug 1068389

 15:04:23 <bdmurray> test case creation for apt bug 1065429

 15:04:23 <bdmurray> reported ubuntu-release-upgrader bugs 1067542, 1067393, 1068874

 15:04:24 <bdmurray> tested vmware player 5 installer in quantal

 15:04:26 <bdmurray> release noted bug 993056

 15:04:28 <bdmurray> setup rls-r-tracking reports on cranberry

 15:04:29 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1050853 in Whoopsie "Not recorded whether an error is in a -proposed or -updates package" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1050853

 15:04:30 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1038468 in coreutils (Debian) "data loss on sort -u" [Unknown,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1038468

 15:04:31 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 946718 in update-notifier (Ubuntu Precise) "backend_helper.py crashed with RuntimeError in add_signal_receiver(): To make asynchronous calls, receive signals or export objects, D-Bus connections must be attached to a main loop by passing mainloop=... to the constructor or calling dbus.set_default_main_loop(...)" [High,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/946718

 15:04:32 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1068389 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu) "P->Q - do-release-upgrade crashed with UnicodeEncodeError: 'ascii' codec can't encode character u'\xbb' in position 1: ordinal not in range(128) in DistUpgrade/DistUpgradeViewText.py", line 143, in showInPager" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1068389

 15:04:33 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1065429 in apt (Ubuntu Precise) "Long passwords for authenticated repositories not handled well" [Medium,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1065429

 15:04:34 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1067542 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu) "possible for some do-release-upgrade crashes to be unreportable" [High,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1067542

 15:04:36 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1068874 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu) "does not need to enable apport" [Medium,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1068874

 15:04:37 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1067393 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu) "using a local mirror and an official mirror of -backports does not work" [Medium,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1067393

 15:04:37 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 993056 in activity-log-manager (Ubuntu Quantal) ""Privacy" > "Diagnostics" > "Send error reports" can't be turned on or off" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/993056

 15:05:04 <bdmurray> ⌁ done ⌁

 15:05:12 <xnox> * Quantal Released. Yeah!

 15:05:12 <xnox> * Did merges (see lp:~xnox/*/r-proposed, mostly partman-* and related

 15:05:12 <xnox> packages). Still some todo.

 15:05:12 <xnox> * Staging ubiquity bugfixes in lp:~xnox/ubiquity/r-proposed

 15:05:12 <xnox> * Helping with python3.3 transition at the archive opening

 15:05:12 <xnox> * Added ubiquity slide decks https://wiki.ubuntu.com/Ubiquity/SlideDecks to

 15:05:14 <xnox> unblock design team on changes to installer.

 15:05:23 <xnox> ..

 15:05:40 * xnox also started py3.3 by default ppa

 15:06:31 <slangasek> xnox: mm?  I thought that was already in hand (barry)

 15:06:46 <doko> he's at a conf today

 15:07:14 <slangasek> yes

 15:07:15 <xnox> me and doko finished up rebuilding public modules yesterday. and we'd rather get it done earlier than later.

 15:07:19 <slangasek> ok

 15:07:27 * xnox has nasty python bugs for barry =)

 15:08:35 <infinity> slangasek: You're up. :P

 15:08:37 <slangasek> * Secure Boot follow-through: getting support for efi variable writing, efifb quirking

 15:08:40 <slangasek> * UDS prep

 15:08:43 <slangasek> * debugging heat issues on my laptop in quantal

 15:08:45 <slangasek> * preliminary look at fixing cross-bootstrapping issues in raring (http://people.linaro.org/~wookey/buildd/quantal/sbuild-ma/status.html)

 15:08:48 <slangasek> (done)

 15:09:58 <doko> - quantal: two last java ftbfs for the release

 15:09:58 <doko> - gcc multiarching: libgfortran-dev split & cross fixes

 15:09:58 <doko> - gcc x32: gcc bits are ready, blocked on eglibc for further testing

 15:09:58 <doko> - gcc aarch64: integrated fixes

 15:09:58 <doko> - gcc upstream: armhf-triplet patches upstreamed, fixed libgo ftbfs on trunk

 15:09:59 <doko> - binutils update to 2.23 just to find out that the upstream release is incomplete

 15:10:00 <doko> - raring opening: binutils & gcc bits in place, waiting for kernel headers 3.7 (not anymore for the opening), and eglibc ...

 15:10:03 <doko> - raring opening: python3.3 is supported, most extension modules are built for 3.3, bug fixes and no change uploads.  test rebuild can start now

 15:10:08 <doko> - finished openjdk security updates (not yet published)

 15:10:10 <doko> (done)

 15:10:32 <jodh> * misc: on holiday yesterday.

 15:10:32 <jodh> * upstart:

 15:10:33 <jodh> - Fixed bug 1049820 and bug 888910.

 15:10:33 <jodh> - Added new test for stateful re-exec.

 15:10:35 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1049820 in upstart "Using kill signal SIGPWR results in system crash" [Medium,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1049820

 15:10:36 <jodh> - Currently chasing down a test race issue.

 15:10:37 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 888910 in upstart (Ubuntu) ""make check" fails in sbuild chroot" [Undecided,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/888910

 15:10:39 <jodh> * TODO:

 15:10:42 <jodh> - get stateful-reexec into raring.

 15:10:46 <jodh> - blueprints and UDS planning.

 15:10:50 <jodh> ⃕

 15:11:06 <stgraber> - On vacation Friday, Monday and Tuesday

 15:11:06 <stgraber> - Release

 15:11:07 <stgraber> - Released Ubuntu 12.10

 15:11:07 <stgraber> - Networking

 15:11:07 <stgraber> - Went through the bug reports, prepared some uploads for when raring opens

 15:11:09 <stgraber> - Container

 15:11:12 <stgraber> - Reviewed a few branches, fixed a bunch of upstream bugs, next upstream daily build should be good

 15:11:15 <stgraber> - Installer

 15:11:17 <stgraber> - Did some tests on the preseed generator script. Mostly working, need to check if I can do something

 15:11:20 <stgraber> about the remaining keys easily. Will be uploaded as part of installation-report in raring.

 15:11:23 <stgraber> - UDS

 15:11:26 <stgraber> - Submitted usual networking session

 15:11:28 <stgraber> - Planned session on making dist upgrade a bit more reliable (especially lts-to-lts)

 15:11:31 <stgraber> - Going through notes to figure out if there's something else than should be discussed at UDS

 15:11:34 <stgraber> - TODO

 15:11:37 <stgraber> - Some more UDS preps

 15:11:39 <stgraber> - The usual merges

 15:11:42 <stgraber> - Push all lxc fixes to a bugfix branch so 0.8 can finally be released

 15:11:44 <stgraber> (DONE)

 15:12:21 <stokachu> Nothing on fire at the moment, requested a backport for pbuilder-scripts in precise, still working on appmenu-gtk multiarch solution. done.

 15:13:08 <infinity> cjwatson: I think we're barryless.

 15:13:17 <cjwatson> Spent all week working on raring-proposed -> raring auto-migration, both the migration code itself ("britney") and the necessary Launchpad patches.  I'm currently waiting for one LP database patch to be deployed, and then for an LP code patch to be reviewed, landed, and deployed; after that we should be able to turn this all on, open raring, and start auto-syncs.

 15:13:22 <cjwatson> ..

 15:13:49 <slangasek> ogra_:

 15:13:51 <cjwatson> (Oh, for clarity, those patches are the ones that forcibly redirect all uploads to -proposed.)

 15:14:14 <ogra_> done:

 15:14:14 <ogra_> * internal project work, to be presented at UDS

 15:14:14 <ogra_> * registered some specs

 15:14:14 <ogra_> todo:

 15:14:14 <ogra_> * go to UDS, flesh out the spec content

 15:14:15 <ogra_> * test multiarch cross compiling

 15:14:16 <ogra_> ..

 15:14:34 <ev> - Spending most of my time on my UDS plenary.

 15:14:34 <ev> - We discovered that our current calculation for average errors per calendar

 15:14:35 <ev> day (number of errors / unique users in the past 90 days) is incorrect. We

 15:14:35 <ev> have good reason to believe that it is what caused the large spike around

 15:14:35 <ev> release in the 12.10 graph:

 15:14:35 <ev> https://bugs.launchpad.net/errors/+bug/1069827

 15:14:38 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1069827 in Errors "Error rate incorrectly spikes with any influx of machines" [Undecided,New]

 15:14:41 <ev> We've been working on a fix for this. I implemented an early solution, but

 15:14:41 <ev> we found out again that is was wrong. We'll be taking this to canonical-tech

 15:14:41 <ev> and http://stats.stackexchange.com.

 15:14:44 <ev> - Fixed a number of small issues in http://errors.ubuntu.com. We now identify

 15:14:44 <ev> private bugs rather than treating them as regressions.

 15:14:44 <ev> - Fixed some issues in the juju deployment code for the entire whoopsie daisy

 15:14:45 <ev> project. Discussions with juju people on how to best represent the

 15:14:45 <ev> schema creation dependency that the retracers have on the main daisy

 15:14:45 <ev> instance.

 15:14:46 <ev> (done)

 15:15:01 <infinity> Last week:

 15:15:01 <infinity> - Released a new version of some operating system or other

 15:15:01 <infinity> - Worked on the opening of raring

 15:15:01 <infinity> - Several merges, bug fixes, and SRUs relating to the opening

 15:15:01 <infinity> - Worked on eglibc 2.16 4-way merge between Debian, Ubuntu, schepler, and wookey

 15:15:03 <infinity> - Discussed glibc 2.17 roadmap with upstream

 15:15:05 <infinity> - Meetings, meetings, and more meetings

 15:15:08 <infinity> - Spent some time cursing at bug 997359 (jodh: Can we get this fixed?)

 15:15:09 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 997359 in libnih (Ubuntu) "nih uses eglibc private symbol __abort_msg" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/997359

 15:15:10 <infinity> This week:

 15:15:13 <infinity> - Finish up eglibc 2.16, including making future merges much less effort

 15:15:16 <infinity> - Revisit kernel cleanup, time permitting

 15:15:19 <infinity> - Do some pre-UDS prep and blueprinty things

 15:15:21 <infinity> - UDS

 15:15:23 <infinity> ☭

 15:15:45 <doko> finished? don't see it

 15:15:56 <jodh> infinity: I'm waiting for feedback on https://bugs.launchpad.net/libnih/+bug/997359/comments/2 :)

 15:15:57 <cjwatson> I think "this week" is a to-do

 15:16:03 <infinity> jodh: I realise there's a "rebootstrap nih/glibc every time" workaround for the above, but it would be lovely to just fix it.

 15:16:22 <slangasek> infinity: do you expect 2.16 to land this week?

 15:16:27 <infinity> slangasek: Yeahp.

 15:16:39 <slangasek> ok cool

 15:16:48 <cjwatson> You have until, uh, not quite sure if you want it before britney's all ready.

 15:17:04 <cjwatson> Probably Friday by this point (which is a bit unfortunate since I'm meant to be on holiday).

 15:17:25 <cjwatson> Might end up turning it on from the hotel :)

 15:17:30 <infinity> A pre-UDS one day rest?

 15:17:52 <infinity> Oh crap, it's almost the end of the year.  I should take a holiday sometime too.

 15:17:53 <cjwatson> My family'll be with me so hacking time a bit limited.  We'll see.

 15:18:02 <infinity> La la la.

 15:18:31 <slangasek> infinity: APPROVED

 15:18:34 * slangasek whistles and runs away

 15:18:43 <slangasek> [TOPIC] Bugs

 15:18:47 <ogra_> infinity, heh, me too

 15:19:38 <slangasek> bdmurray: I guess we might be in a weird spot for this since raring has no new bugs and we're not putting as much effort into quantal SRUs... but any that you think we need to fix though?

 15:19:52 <infinity> jodh: Your maybe in comment #2 is a bit vague, but without digging into it further, I say "yes, that would be lovely". :P

 15:20:37 <xnox> Hmm.... we will have 12.04.2 on the New Years Eve.

 15:20:43 <bdmurray> slangasek: no, not yet.  however I've been trying to verify the fix for bug 1066445 so that the apt sru which fixes bug 346386 can be released.

 15:20:46 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1066445 in apt (Debian) "apt-get crashed with SIGSEGV in pkgCacheGenerator::ListParser::NewProvides()" [Unknown,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1066445

 15:20:47 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 346386 in apt (Ubuntu Precise) "[MASTER] Update fails with invalid package files with "Encountered a section with no Package: header"" [High,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/346386

 15:21:05 <bdmurray> I've had no luck getting the failure in bug 1066445 though

 15:21:13 <cjwatson> xnox: 31 Jan, not 31 Dec :-)

 15:21:21 <slangasek> that's the one that cjwatson suggested randomly permuting the cache size on, yes?

 15:21:35 <bdmurray> right, I've tried much smaller cache sizes

 15:21:39 <cjwatson> Yeah, it's probably a right pig to reproduce if you're unlucky

 15:22:04 <xnox> cjwatson: Oh good =)

 15:22:07 <infinity> Trying to reproduce on precise?

 15:22:08 <cjwatson> If it helps, you can use 'apt-cache gencaches' rather than 'apt-get update' (after the first time), which will be a lot faster since it doesn't download anything

 15:22:11 <bdmurray> would regression testing, dist-upgrades with the -proposed apt, be sufficient?

 15:22:24 <bdmurray> infinity: yes on precise

 15:22:38 <slangasek> yeah, I'm kinda thinking we should just call it good with the regression test

 15:23:00 <cjwatson> I suspect regression testing may be all we can realistically get, in the absence of a deliberately malicious fuzzer tool

 15:23:04 <slangasek> especially if we're pushing another apt SRU right behind it, the impact on users of having an extra SRU is minimal

 15:23:12 <cjwatson> Which arguably might be a good idea given the nature of this code

 15:23:21 <cjwatson> But it's not something we can knock together quickly

 15:24:46 <cjwatson> Unfortunately we don't have a /var/lib/apt/ tarball from that bug, otherwise reproduction would be a matter of dropping that in place and running 'apt-cache gencaches'

 15:25:01 <bdmurray> okay, I'll do one more test with apt from -proposed and then comment on the bug and tag it v-done

 15:25:06 <slangasek> sounds good

 15:25:22 <cjwatson> Do make sure you're testing on amd64

 15:26:03 <cjwatson> slangasek: BTW, the reason it's more likely when upgrading to quantal than when upgrading within precise is bigger Packages files with more Multi-Arch entries

 15:26:04 <bdmurray> I am - is that mentioned in the bug at all?

 15:26:06 * infinity just tried i386 and amd64 and failed to reproduce.

 15:26:25 <slangasek> cjwatson: fun

 15:26:30 <cjwatson> bdmurray: No, but it only bit amd64 originally

 15:26:50 <jodh> I wonder if bug 1016040 might have indirectly fixed bug 1066445?

 15:26:53 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1016040 in apt (Ubuntu Quantal) "apt_check.py crashed with SIGSEGV in FileName()" [Medium,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1016040

 15:26:54 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1066445 in apt (Debian) "apt-get crashed with SIGSEGV in pkgCacheGenerator::ListParser::NewProvides()" [Unknown,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1066445

 15:27:12 <cjwatson> jodh: Not that way round

 15:28:19 <slangasek> bdmurray: is that everything?

 15:28:34 <bdmurray> slangasek: that is all I have for today

 15:28:39 <slangasek> bdmurray: ok, thanks

 15:28:41 <slangasek> [TOPIC] UDS

 15:28:50 <slangasek> blueprints

 15:29:18 <slangasek> anything that you expect to have a session on at UDS, get your blueprint registered and proposed for uds-r by *tomorrow*

 15:29:44 <slangasek> and *before* Monday, I want everyone to have gone through the schedule and subscribed themselves to the sessions they plan to attend

 15:30:11 <slangasek> for any session that you would ask to have moved to work around a conflict, you should be marking yourself "participation essential"

 15:30:53 <slangasek> I do not want you coming to me during the week and asking to move sessions because of a conflict - *tell the system* that it's a conflict and let the auto-scheduler do its job, please :)

 15:31:11 <cjwatson> jodh: So - I suppose it's possible, but I think it's relatively unlikely as my observations while debugging 1066445 were that it tended to crash immediately

 15:31:36 <slangasek> (ok, if you only find out during the week that you have to be at two sessions at once, come to me all the same - but don't let this happen for things you should know about in advance)

 15:31:48 <slangasek> clear?

 15:32:04 <ogra_> slangasek, what if we bribe you with lots of beer for it ?

 15:32:09 * infinity gets the impression that slangasek feels strongly about this topic.

 15:32:10 <ogra_> dont work ?

 15:32:23 <ogra_> :)

 15:32:38 <cjwatson> jodh: It seems unlikely since the crash was due to dereferencing a pointer into memory that had only *just* been deallocated - I don't think there's any way it could end up overwriting a stat buffer or similar

 15:33:06 <slangasek> ogra_: my fee for moving sessions during the week is that I will look at you with an evil eye

 15:33:21 <slangasek> this is a flat rate and not subject to negotiation

 15:33:21 <ogra_> hahaha

 15:33:26 <ogra_> k

 15:33:35 <slangasek> also of note:

 15:33:37 <infinity> slangasek: Your evil eye tends to be accompanied with a friendly smile, it's rather confusing.

 15:33:49 <slangasek> this time around we're trying something different in terms of session types

 15:33:51 <ogra_> infinity, thats what makes it so scary

 15:34:02 <slangasek> in addition to blueprint sessions, we can also have workshop sessions

 15:34:13 <slangasek> (workshop/hacking sessions)

 15:34:17 <ogra_> sweet !

 15:34:26 <slangasek> and also, presentation sessions

 15:34:28 <slangasek> SO

 15:34:30 * xnox thinks the laser strength shooting from the evil eye will vary in kW

 15:34:36 * ogra_ fells like rolled back 6 years

 15:34:51 <ogra_> *before* we started scheduling everything madly

 15:35:00 <slangasek> for the first one, if you're being asked for blueprints to be added to UDS for the umpteenth time, and are thinking "we don't need another session on that, we just need to sit down and DO it"

 15:35:29 <slangasek> - then there's a possibility of doing just that.  Let me know and we'll see if scheduling a workshop session instead of a blueprint session makes sense.

 15:35:46 <infinity> Is there a way to represent that in the LP UI?

 15:35:59 <infinity> Like, a blueprintless blueprint? :P

 15:36:09 <infinity> Or do we need to ask someone (like you) to schedule a workshoppy thing?

 15:36:12 <ogra_> informational ?

 15:36:25 <infinity> ogra_: Informational would seem to map better to the presentation sessions.

 15:36:32 <ogra_> indeed

 15:36:41 <slangasek> and for the second one, if there are topics that you think it would be useful to share with the larger Ubuntu community - like something you'd really like to give as a plenary but there wasn't a slot for - feel free to propose a presentation session

 15:36:41 <ogra_> but could be abused for it

 15:36:48 <stgraber> slangasek: is summit actually still reading the participation essential bit from LP? the UI suggests that it only uses LP to check if you want to attend and that you need to poke the track lead to be marked as essential (the UI says "If you feel that your participation is required for this topic, please contact Steve Langasek..."). Not that I have any conflict at the moment, just found it a bit confusing...

 15:36:49 <slangasek> infinity: you ask a track lead to add it

 15:36:55 <infinity> slangasek: Check.

 15:37:30 <slangasek> stgraber: I'm not sure; the summit UI is showing ALL subscribers to ALL sessions with a star.  I'll look into that today and get back to you

 15:37:51 <infinity> We could nick higlight cjohnston intentionally for once, and ask him.

 15:38:13 <slangasek> stgraber: http://summit.ubuntu.com/uds-r/attendee_review/21047/foundations-r-prior-release-feedback/ appears to reflect the blueprint P.E. status

 15:38:22 <infinity> Though he's probably so fed up with people actually wanting cjwatson that he no longer responds.

 15:38:36 <cjwatson> It happens both ways round ...

 15:39:12 <stgraber> slangasek: ok. I also got one case where I had to manually subscribe on summit as even though I was subscribed on LP it wouldn't show it on summit. But as I said, no conflict so far, so I'll start pinging people if a conflict shows up...

 15:39:16 <slangasek> stgraber: so there appears to be an additional flippy bit that I have access to, to make people "required" as opposed to "very interested in attending"

 15:39:41 <slangasek> but I'm hoping they aren't making me set that for every single person who's required to be in a session, because that would be horrid and non-scalable

 15:40:29 <slangasek> [TOPIC] AOB

 15:40:42 <slangasek> any other topics burning a hole in the pockets of your minds?

 15:40:44 <infinity> slangasek: Ugh.  So, essential isn't actually essential?

 15:41:02 <infinity> "Please mark me super-duper-essential"?

 15:41:15 <slangasek> infinity: I don't know.  There's a perception on the part of other track leads that the launchpad field has been abused by people who aren't essential, which has never been my experience

 15:41:33 <slangasek> so it may be that the scheduler has two different levels now

 15:41:46 <slangasek> "try to schedule around this person" vs "require this person"

 15:41:53 <doko> so do we open the archive in any case tomorrow?

 15:42:08 <doko> regardless of any missing stuff?

 15:42:13 <slangasek> I'll try to get clarification.  But needless to say, I'm not going to go through by hand and edit status fields one by one for every one of you on summit. :P

 15:42:31 <cjwatson> doko: I don't think the "force everything into -proposed" stuff is going to have quite landed by then

 15:42:36 <infinity> slangasek: But that sounds like oodles of fun.  OODLES.

 15:42:52 <cjwatson> And we're so close by now, and that will make so much difference, that I'm not willing to open without that at this point

 15:43:01 <doko> ahh, ok.

 15:43:28 <cjwatson> My database patch is second in the queue, so that won't land until at least tomorrow morning (if I'm lucky)

 15:43:42 <doko> cjwatson, do you expect to happen his during UDS?

 15:43:44 <cjwatson> My code patch hasn't yet been completely reviewed, although I've had some comments

 15:44:25 <cjwatson> Then it needs to go through EC2 (~4 hours, strictly after the DB patch lands), buildbot (~40 mins), QA (not too arduous), and be deployed

 15:44:56 <cjwatson> Subject to review, it should be possible to get it all done before UDS

 15:44:58 <infinity> cjwatson: ndt or fdt?

 15:45:06 <cjwatson> infinity: fdt for the db patch, ndt for code

 15:45:33 <cjwatson> [fastdowntime / nodowntime]

 15:45:35 <infinity> Yeah, Friday sounds reasonable then.

 15:45:36 <doko> ok, I think, I'll send an email about when to expect the opening. will send you the draft

 15:46:37 <cjwatson> I thought I kind of covered that with my -devel mail earlier

 15:46:43 <cjwatson> But as you like

 15:48:50 <slangasek> ok - anything else?

 15:50:20 <slangasek> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)