#title #ubuntu-meeting Meeting

Meeting started by zul at 16:00:39 UTC.  The full logs are available at
http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2012/ubuntu-meeting.2012-11-06-16.00.log.html
.



== Meeting summary ==

 *Review ACTION points from previous meeting

 *s/raring/quantal/g development
''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/BlueprintSpec   (jamespage, 16:06:32)

 *Ubuntu Server Team Events

 *Weekly Updates & Questions for the QA Team (hggdh)

 *Weekly Updates & Questions for the Kernel Team (smb)
''LINK:'' http://photos.pixoulphotography.com/Events/UDS-Raring-Ringtail/i-GrCv978/0/L/20121101-161051-UDS_Raring_Closing_Party-0024-L.jpg   (Daviey, 16:17:28)

 *Weekly Updates & Questions regarding Ubuntu ARM Server (rbasak)

 *Open Discussion

 *Announce next meeting date and time



Meeting ended at 16:22:17 UTC.



== Votes ==




== Action items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * zul (53)
 * jamespage (12)
 * hggdh (7)
 * Daviey (6)
 * roaksoax (5)
 * hallyn (4)
 * meetingology (3)
 * TheLordOfTime (3)



== Full Log ==


 16:00:39 <zul> #startmeeting

 16:00:39 <meetingology> Meeting started Tue Nov  6 16:00:39 2012 UTC.  The chair is zul. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:00:39 <meetingology> 

 16:00:39 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 16:00:52 <zul> so lets start...everyone recovered from uds?

 16:01:16 <zul> #topic Review ACTION points from previous meeting

 16:01:25 <zul> jamespage and Ursinha to look into aligning release team and server team tracking reports

 16:01:36 <zul> and jamespage to provide info to hggdh about how to run iSCSI and MAAS tests for the ISO

 16:01:40 <jamespage> zul, done at UDS

 16:01:50 <zul> cool both of them?

 16:02:03 <hallyn> 3 cheers for a productive uds

 16:02:20 <zul> i guess moving on to..

 16:02:24 <jamespage> zul, second is still outstanding but I'm fed up of having this item carry - so I'll deal with it in the seeded qa blueprint instead

 16:02:40 <zul> gotcha so i can remove it from the agenda?

 16:02:43 <jamespage> yep

 16:02:47 <zul> k

 16:02:51 <zul> next

 16:03:03 <zul> #topic s/raring/quantal/g development

 16:03:29 <zul> so im guessing people should be working on their blueprints that they have assigned to them

 16:03:42 <zul> anything else?

 16:03:45 <hallyn> is Daviey around to tell us how long we have to whip them into shape?

 16:04:31 <zul> i dunno...

 16:04:40 <hallyn> guess not

 16:04:41 <zul> Daviey/jamespage: ^^^

 16:04:54 <jamespage> zul, right-oh

 16:05:19 <zul> jamespage: anything else to add?

 16:05:24 <jamespage> yes - one second

 16:06:07 <jamespage> so blueprints need to be approved by feature definition freeze on the 22nd november

 16:06:17 <jamespage> please all try to use the blueprint template as much as possible

 16:06:19 <zul> oooh...plenty of time

 16:06:32 <jamespage> https://wiki.ubuntu.com/BlueprintSpec

 16:06:40 <jamespage> zul, note 'approved' by then

 16:06:52 <jamespage> please ensure that you leave time for final review and feedback

 16:07:31 <jamespage> I'm happy  (and I'm sure smoser and Daviey will be as well) to review BP's between now and then to provide immediate feedback pending final approval

 16:07:43 <zul> coolio..

 16:07:47 <zul> anyone have any questions?

 16:08:37 <zul> if not next

 16:08:50 <zul> #topic Ubuntu Server Team Events

 16:09:03 <zul> uds just happened

 16:09:13 <zul> SoCal Linux Expo (Deadline: Dec. 10) http://www.socallinuxexpo.org/cfp

 16:09:32 <zul> there is pycon ca but its sold out

 16:09:40 <roaksoax> o/

 16:09:54 <zul> roaksoax: a bit late

 16:10:04 <zul> any events coming up?

 16:10:06 <roaksoax> heh just realized of the time change :)

 16:10:46 <zul> i think everyone forgot about it

 16:11:28 <zul> so moving on

 16:11:42 <zul> #topic Weekly Updates & Questions for the QA Team (hggdh)

 16:11:45 <zul> hi hggdh

 16:12:10 <hggdh> hello

 16:12:25 <zul> any update?

 16:12:37 <hggdh> only that raring is now open on Jenkins

 16:12:56 <hggdh> so... tests are welcome ;-)

 16:12:58 <hggdh> ..

 16:13:06 <jamespage> hggdh, we will be writing lots of those....

 16:13:18 <hggdh> jamespage: I know, I was there ;-)

 16:13:27 <Daviey> Sorry, i was otherwise engaged.

 16:13:28 <zul> as was i

 16:13:34 <hggdh> heh

 16:13:40 <zul> any questions for hggdh

 16:13:46 <Daviey> If a first cut of blueprints could be done by EOW.. we'll go through and review them next week.

 16:14:08 <Daviey> jamespage & smoser are excellent point of contacts to help draft them.

 16:14:15 <zul> Daviey:  cool..

 16:14:18 <Daviey> I am somewhat of use, but mostly useless.

 16:14:26 <zul> heh

 16:14:32 <hggdh> this is not parseable, Daviey

 16:14:53 <zul> #topic Weekly Updates & Questions for the Kernel Team (smb)

 16:14:57 <zul> hi smb

 16:15:34 <zul> smb around?

 16:16:37 <TheLordOfTime> he's not in the channel, zul

 16:16:43 <zul> i guess not

 16:16:47 <zul> we can come back to him

 16:16:49 <TheLordOfTime> i pinged him in -server though :P

 16:17:28 <Daviey> http://photos.pixoulphotography.com/Events/UDS-Raring-Ringtail/i-GrCv978/0/L/20121101-161051-UDS_Raring_Closing_Party-0024-L.jpg

 16:17:31 <Daviey> "oops"

 16:17:45 <zul> thats him

 16:17:54 <zul> we can come back to him

 16:18:06 <zul> #topic Weekly Updates & Questions regarding Ubuntu ARM Server (rbasak)

 16:18:24 <zul> and rbasak is not here either

 16:20:22 <zul> heh this is going to be too quick

 16:20:39 <zul> #topic Open Discussion

 16:20:48 <zul> i like turtles

 16:20:55 <roaksoax> whereschuck?

 16:20:57 <TheLordOfTime> lol?

 16:21:12 <hallyn> two chuck thumbs up for turtles

 16:21:14 <zul> roaksoax: meh

 16:21:16 <roaksoax> we accept donations for whereschuck :)

 16:21:41 <zul> no we dont

 16:21:49 <roaksoax> we do, photo donations :P

 16:21:55 <zul> #topic Announce next meeting date and time

 16:22:11 <zul> same bat channel same bat place?

 16:22:14 <zul> thanks

 16:22:17 <zul> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)