#title #ubuntu-meeting Meeting

Meeting started by bodhi_zazen at 19:07:55 UTC.  The full logs are
available at
http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2012/ubuntu-meeting.2012-03-27-19.07.log.html
.



== Meeting summary ==

''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ForumCouncilAgenda   (bodhi_zazen, 19:08:59)
 *Archiving forums

 *Closing T&T
''ACTION:'' Start transitioning tutorials to wiki, use forums for support discussion (cross link wiki pages <-> forms thread)  (bodhi_zazen, 19:31:17)

 *Forums upgrade

 *Community building
''LINK:'' http://freenode.net/channel_guidelines.shtml   (bodhi_zazen, 19:36:31)
''LINK:'' http://freenode.net/catalysts.shtml   (bodhi_zazen, 19:36:38)

 *Staff
''LINK:'' http://ubuntuforums.org/forumdisplay.php?f=48   (bodhi_zazen, 19:47:17)

 *team reports
''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/TeamReports/February2012   (bodhi_zazen, 19:51:48)

 *Updates to ubiquity and firefox bookmarks

 *FC meetings

 *ban reversal
''LINK:'' http://ubuntuforums.org/showthread.php?threadid=1708017   (Artificial_Intel, 20:03:09)

 *NEW MEMBERS !!!
''LINK:'' http://ubuntuforums.org/forumdisplay.php?f=404   (bodhi_zazen, 20:06:24)

 *OPEN FLOOR



Meeting ended at 20:32:40 UTC.



== Votes ==


 * Grenage for membership
   For: 2 Against: 0 Abstained: 2

 * matt_symes for membership
   For: 4 Against: 0 Abstained: 0

 * Effenberg0x0 for membership
   For: 4 Against: 0 Abstained: 0

 * Ms. Daisy for membership
   For: 4 Against: 0 Abstained: 1

 * dmizer for membership
   For: 5 Against: 0 Abstained: 0

 * papibe for membership
   For: 5 Against: 0 Abstained: 0



== Action items ==

 * Start transitioning tutorials to wiki, use forums for support discussion (cross link wiki pages <-> forms thread)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * bodhi_zazen (221)
 * meetingology (61)
 * nothingspecial (27)
 * coffeecat (27)
 * Artificial_Intel (22)
 * Iowan (19)
 * josephmills (15)
 * forestpiskie (14)
 * philinux (12)
 * Effenberg0x0 (8)
 * phillw (6)
 * Sidewinder1 (6)
 * cprofitt (6)
 * matt_symes (6)
 * papibe (4)
 * CharlesA (4)
 * nlsthzn (3)
 * jinjorge (1)
 * njin (1)
 * wildmanne39 (1)
 * cortman (1)



== Full Log ==


 19:07:55 <bodhi_zazen> #startmeeting

 19:07:55 <meetingology> Meeting started Tue Mar 27 19:07:55 2012 UTC.  The chair is bodhi_zazen. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 19:07:55 <meetingology> 

 19:07:55 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 19:08:42 <coffeecat> There are only 3 from FC atm. Is this a quorum?

 19:08:59 <bodhi_zazen> https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ForumCouncilAgenda

 19:10:16 <bodhi_zazen> No, but we sort of need to go with what we have

 19:10:26 <coffeecat> OK

 19:10:26 <Artificial_Intel> Aye

 19:10:36 <Effenberg0x0> Cariboo907 is on (UTC-0700), he might have gotten confused with time conversion

 19:11:17 <Effenberg0x0> (I almost did)

 19:11:26 <CharlesA> I thought it was yesterday >.<

 19:11:59 <bodhi_zazen> [TOPIC]Archiving forums

 19:14:27 <Artificial_Intel> I'm all for the changes that you posted, Bodhi. But I'm a bit of concern regarding part 2

 19:16:17 <bodhi_zazen> sorry

 19:16:21 <bodhi_zazen> what concerns Artificial_Intel

 19:16:36 <coffeecat> I like the idea of using T&T as pointer/support to wiki pages.

 19:17:17 <bodhi_zazen> That is next coffeecat , method of archiving the forums is up now

 19:17:22 <coffeecat> OK

 19:17:43 <bodhi_zazen> Archiving inactive posts sort of solves a few problems

 19:17:53 <bodhi_zazen> outdated information and necromancy

 19:18:07 <bodhi_zazen> We can not do much, if anything, about google indexing

 19:18:37 <Artificial_Intel> What about LTS support?

 19:18:51 <bodhi_zazen> If there are no other comments, lets consider what archiving strategy we want in chit chat

 19:19:27 <bodhi_zazen> Well, AFIK, if the thread has been inactive for 6-12 months time to archive

 19:19:53 <bodhi_zazen> LTS is not static either

 19:20:39 <bodhi_zazen> And I do not think we have enough LTS specific support to justify a LTS only section, I think it would duplicate effort and be confusing and disorganized

 19:20:49 <Artificial_Intel> Hmmm... so auto close after 6-12 months, then people can link to a close thread if needed?

 19:20:53 <bodhi_zazen> I am open to other proposals

 19:21:02 <bodhi_zazen> +1 Artificial_Intel

 19:21:06 <nothingspecial> may I ask an off topic question relating to the FC meeting as a whole?

 19:21:13 <coffeecat> +1 Artificial_Intel

 19:21:17 <bodhi_zazen> sure nothingspecial

 19:21:31 <nothingspecial> are forum users able to voice their opinions here?

 19:21:38 <nothingspecial> and now ?

 19:21:48 <bodhi_zazen> That is what we are here for, to discuss and listen

 19:21:55 <nothingspecial> thanks

 19:22:34 <Artificial_Intel> but the voting is for the (usually) council only

 19:22:40 <bodhi_zazen> Any other comments of archiving old forums posts ?

 19:22:47 <philinux> 6 months is a lomg time dead

 19:22:48 <bodhi_zazen> Artificial_Intel: `votes is FC only

 19:23:01 <Artificial_Intel> aye

 19:23:09 <bodhi_zazen> OK then

 19:23:21 <bodhi_zazen> [TOPIC]Closing T&T

 19:23:39 <bodhi_zazen> The idea is to move techinical how-to's to the wiki

 19:23:51 <bodhi_zazen> and use T&E for support of specific wiki pages

 19:24:08 <bodhi_zazen> This has many advantages, wiki is easier to community maintain

 19:24:19 <bodhi_zazen> meaning peer reviews and updates

 19:24:30 <Effenberg0x0> Guys, sorry for disturbing, a little OT: would you consider having a single "wiki index" thread? Just pointers to wiki articles. Is that the way you're picturing it?

 19:24:31 <Artificial_Intel> idea is great, but all the other forums will be flooded with guides and howtos if we close it for good.

 19:24:43 <cprofitt> I have one concern with that -- I think the forums are a gateway to the community for many... I would want to see something done to show people a path to the wiki

 19:25:06 <bodhi_zazen> That is the idea cprofitt

 19:25:24 <bodhi_zazen> make an announcement in the tutorials section about pending changes

 19:25:26 <cprofitt> A symbiotic relationship would be ideal -- wiki for the initial tutorial, wiki for modifications -- forum for discussion

 19:25:43 <bodhi_zazen> list links to get started with wiki editing

 19:26:02 <cortman> As a contributerto T&T I like the idea of making it a portal to the wiki- I would have just updated the outdate wiki pages instead of writing my own tutorial if I'd known at the time. +1

 19:26:12 <bodhi_zazen> After a month or so, new threads are support only, not actually posting tutorials , something like that

 19:26:44 <coffeecat> We'd still need to moderate new threads - make sure they link to wiki pages??

 19:26:52 <nothingspecial> +1 to what cprofitt said

 19:26:56 <bodhi_zazen> Yes coffeecat

 19:27:50 <coffeecat> I like this. Peer review for technical excellence is better done by the community as a whole rather than staff in the forum.

 19:28:04 <nothingspecial> change the focus of T&T to discussion and support of wiki pages

 19:28:25 <bodhi_zazen> Here is what was posted for those without access to the  link on the agenda

 19:28:27 <bodhi_zazen> My suggestion would be to encourage the wiki and discourage tips and tutorials. The tutorials section is a nice feature here, but outdated. Wiki has the advantage in that it is easier to peer review, update, and community maintain then a post on the forums.

 19:28:42 <CharlesA> +1 to bodhi_zazen

 19:29:13 <bodhi_zazen> I think the consensus opinion is to move in that direction

 19:29:32 <bodhi_zazen> Anyone willing to post a notice in the tutorials section ?

 19:29:48 <forestpiskie> admin or staff?

 19:29:54 <bodhi_zazen> either

 19:30:02 <forestpiskie> I can do one

 19:30:08 <bodhi_zazen> thank you forestpiskie

 19:30:17 <forestpiskie> get a draft in SCC later today/tomorrow

 19:30:26 <bodhi_zazen> you can post a draft in the staff section if you would find that helpful

 19:30:36 <forestpiskie> yep

 19:31:17 <bodhi_zazen> [ACTION] Start transitioning tutorials to wiki, use forums for support discussion (cross link wiki pages <-> forms thread)

 19:31:17 * meetingology Start transitioning tutorials to wiki, use forums for support discussion (cross link wiki pages <-> forms thread)

 19:31:35 <bodhi_zazen> [TOPIC]Forums upgrade

 19:31:50 <bodhi_zazen> Anyone have an update on this for the community ?

 19:32:31 <bodhi_zazen> Basically , Canonical has set up a test server and is in the process of developing the openid plug in and new theme

 19:33:10 <bodhi_zazen> it do not have a "go live" date for the upgrade

 19:33:22 <bodhi_zazen> s-fox was working in it and is not here

 19:33:42 <bodhi_zazen> [topic]Community building

 19:33:57 <bodhi_zazen> Thanks to everyone for the budding success of #ubuntuforums

 19:34:10 <nothingspecial> +1

 19:34:12 <bodhi_zazen> It seems to be a great place to get to know the staff

 19:34:20 <forestpiskie> +1 to that

 19:34:24 <bodhi_zazen> and for the staff to interact with the community

 19:34:25 <josephmills> +1

 19:34:29 <Effenberg0x0> ^^ +1

 19:34:45 <bodhi_zazen> I would remind everyone, the the channel is sort of communal property

 19:34:46 <wildmanne39> +1\

 19:35:09 <bodhi_zazen> If someone is being "disruptive" - politely speak up

 19:35:58 <bodhi_zazen> The staff will op the channel for extreme disruptive behavior, but we the staff do no wish to burden the entire responsibility

 19:36:15 <forestpiskie> perhaps add the sentiment to the topic

 19:36:31 <bodhi_zazen> http://freenode.net/channel_guidelines.shtml

 19:36:38 <bodhi_zazen> http://freenode.net/catalysts.shtml

 19:37:12 <bodhi_zazen> Also, I think it is good for staff to interact with the community

 19:37:18 <bodhi_zazen> both on the forums and irc

 19:37:30 <bodhi_zazen> #ubuntu-community-team is a great channel

 19:38:06 <bodhi_zazen> I know it is easy to get busy with daily troll hunting, and we do great at that, but we are also leaders of the community

 19:38:24 <nothingspecial> +1, we would like it to be somewhere the staff can interact with the community. To quote one user in the last few days "well, it does make you seem less intimidating"

 19:38:46 <bodhi_zazen> There are some rough edges in the community sometimes, but it is best to establish contacts with others and not remain as isolated

 19:39:00 <cprofitt> 0/

 19:39:16 <bodhi_zazen> Caf√© should be a good place to interact as well nothingspecial

 19:39:28 <bodhi_zazen> as long as it is on topic, speak up cprofitt

 19:39:40 <Artificial_Intel> or games forum

 19:39:42 * bodhi_zazen has to go in 20 minutes

 19:39:51 <cprofitt> I think getting to know other 'groups' in the community will help with those groups understanding and appreciating what the forums staff does... and give the forums staff insight in to what other groups do...

 19:40:13 <nothingspecial> o/

 19:40:29 <cprofitt> it also allows groups, once trust is built, to get a different view of their 'area' from people... which helps lend perspective

 19:40:32 <bodhi_zazen> speak up nothingspecial

 19:40:48 <nothingspecial> I would like the #ubuntuforums channel to be a gateway to the wider Ubuntu community

 19:41:01 <nothingspecial> that converese on irc

 19:41:06 <josephmills> o/

 19:41:24 <bodhi_zazen> please, everyone, speak as long as it is on topic

 19:41:33 <bodhi_zazen> only raise you hand if it is off topic

 19:41:45 <josephmills> nothingspecial,  if there was more links in the header to show others different channels and groups

 19:41:53 <bodhi_zazen> but to be honest, off topic stuff is likely going to have to wait

 19:41:58 <josephmills> might be a good thing

 19:42:02 <cprofitt> this is an impressive stat I think most people in the community can appreciate: Active Members: 47,036

 19:42:20 <nothingspecial> +1 cprofitt

 19:42:26 <bodhi_zazen> Any other comments on community building ?

 19:42:30 <Effenberg0x0> The Ubuntu universe is broad and complex. Users are many times curious and in doubt. They want to understand who is who, what are the structures, governance, etc. The first-contact-points (IRC, UF) should provide that.

 19:42:36 <josephmills> yes

 19:42:43 <bodhi_zazen> Also, keep in mind, part of community building is encouraging ubuntu membership

 19:42:50 <philinux> 89

 19:42:51 <josephmills> comment about ubuntu support

 19:42:55 <bodhi_zazen> Ubuntu membership is a way of recognizing contributions

 19:43:16 <bodhi_zazen> and members like being contacted by leaders , encouraging them to apply

 19:43:26 <josephmills> like from conaical no one knows about that

 19:43:43 <josephmills> the support ^^ tie into forums  ?

 19:43:48 <nothingspecial> The forum staff have been encouraging membership. In my experience it has been going well

 19:44:07 <bodhi_zazen> I think most of the staff will recall how you felt when you were recognized for your contributions and asked to join the staff

 19:44:16 <forestpiskie> flabbergasted

 19:44:23 <nlsthzn> confused

 19:44:24 <bodhi_zazen> same good vibes when we contact people to apply for membership

 19:44:32 <forestpiskie> yep

 19:44:38 <nothingspecial> +1 bodhi_zazen

 19:44:47 <bodhi_zazen> Any other comments on community building ?

 19:45:05 <philinux> All staff were just regular forum users ay one point

 19:45:05 <bodhi_zazen> Oh, anyone with any questions on IRC, ask =)

 19:45:19 <bodhi_zazen> [topic]Staff

 19:45:37 <bodhi_zazen> This topic is more informational, both to staff and community

 19:45:49 <phillw> o/

 19:45:50 <bodhi_zazen> I would like to move to a process for staff

 19:46:16 <bodhi_zazen> We would invite Ubutnu Forums Members to apply, perhaps in FH&F

 19:46:34 <bodhi_zazen> as a part of the application, a brief description of why they feel qualified, etc

 19:46:43 <Sidewinder1> FH&F?

 19:46:55 <bodhi_zazen> We can then set up an elections process, staff serve for ? 1 year

 19:47:01 <bodhi_zazen> ? longer

 19:47:17 <bodhi_zazen> http://ubuntuforums.org/forumdisplay.php?f=48

 19:47:42 <bodhi_zazen> Ubuntu forms members can vote for staff

 19:47:56 <bodhi_zazen> We probably do not yet have enough members, but close enough to give it some thought

 19:48:01 <Sidewinder1> Thanx bodhi_zazen

 19:48:06 <bodhi_zazen> FC is a bit different

 19:48:23 <bodhi_zazen> There is some "training" involved as you can see with the new FC members

 19:48:55 <bodhi_zazen> Staff interested would need to have some training, then we can go through a similar nominations and elections process

 19:49:13 <bodhi_zazen> The only concern I have with the FC is - we can not just elect "anyone"

 19:49:36 <bodhi_zazen> Please give these issues some thought and we can discuss it further

 19:50:06 <bodhi_zazen> I am not anticipating much discussion here as it is sort of a new idea for how we select staff

 19:50:19 <bodhi_zazen> Any comments ?

 19:50:42 <Artificial_Intel> other than it's a good idea, I have noting to say.

 19:50:45 <Sidewinder1> All that you've said makes sound sense.

 19:51:11 <bodhi_zazen> It is new, but the direction I would like to move in

 19:51:12 <coffeecat> There needs to be a review of the process, but there are several issues that need thought and debate. Thanks bodhi_zazen

 19:51:29 <bodhi_zazen> One thing we should be doing, encouraging leaders

 19:51:42 <bodhi_zazen> [topic]team reports

 19:51:48 <bodhi_zazen> https://wiki.ubuntu.com/TeamReports/February2012

 19:51:56 <bodhi_zazen> This is sort of a FC training issue

 19:52:19 <bodhi_zazen> Our report from last month did not make the master list, so lets continue to improve

 19:52:35 <bodhi_zazen> Who will do the FC team report this month ? (FC member please)

 19:52:50 <bodhi_zazen> either s-fox or I can help, but we all need to learn to do this

 19:52:58 <Iowan> I botched last months...

 19:53:15 <bodhi_zazen> Iowan: don't worry, I botched my share

 19:53:24 <bodhi_zazen> Want to try again this month ?

 19:53:32 <bodhi_zazen> practice makes perfect =)

 19:53:45 <Iowan> Or less flawed...

 19:53:49 <Iowan> I'm game...

 19:53:53 <bodhi_zazen> Thank you

 19:54:29 <bodhi_zazen> I want to get the entire FC up to speed on all these "little" administrative tasks, they are to much for me to do it all

 19:54:50 <bodhi_zazen> [topic]Updates to ubiquity and firefox bookmarks

 19:55:00 <bodhi_zazen> Thanks to everyone who worked on this

 19:55:12 <bodhi_zazen> All we can do is submit a "patch" on LP

 19:55:21 <bodhi_zazen> It will either be accepted, or not

 19:55:39 <bodhi_zazen> Please respect the package maintainers decision on this

 19:55:39 <philinux> I dont think it will happen sadly

 19:55:54 <bodhi_zazen> It is not a personal insult or attack on the forms if they say no ...

 19:56:17 <bodhi_zazen> philinux: We did miss the feature freeze

 19:56:27 <bodhi_zazen> We can submit a patch each release cycle =)

 19:56:32 <josephmills> has anyone called people that work for conaical about this ?

 19:56:46 <bodhi_zazen> Why would we do that josephmills ?

 19:57:07 <bodhi_zazen> It is not up to Canonical to dictate to the package maintainers ;)

 19:57:26 <josephmills> ahh I see but they have to have some push ?

 19:57:33 <philinux> we need a new maintainer

 19:57:43 <bodhi_zazen> Canonical would probably not do that, and the developers want to be given mandates about as much as the FC does

 19:57:56 <bodhi_zazen> +1 philinux

 19:57:59 <josephmills> bodhi_zazen,  cool and thanks

 19:58:04 <bodhi_zazen> we need to work within the system please

 19:58:31 <bodhi_zazen> Submit a working , elegant patch, with please and thank you ;)

 19:58:47 <philinux> +1

 19:59:00 <bodhi_zazen> [topic]FC meetings

 19:59:16 <bodhi_zazen> Can we please set a more fixed time and spread the word to the community

 19:59:43 <bodhi_zazen> Hard to get a good turn out without at least a week notice

 20:00:00 <Sidewinder1> +1

 20:00:16 <bodhi_zazen> Can we skip to the ban reversal ?

 20:00:27 <bodhi_zazen> is mjp29 here ?

 20:00:36 <bodhi_zazen> [topic]ban reversal

 20:01:04 <Iowan> I emailed him with date/time/IRC client info

 20:01:13 <bodhi_zazen> I would not even consider a reversal without additional information and a conversation, mailing list would be fine

 20:01:26 <bodhi_zazen> Often there is a difference of opinion on what spam is

 20:01:26 <Iowan> I haven't heard/seen if he has signed CoC

 20:01:36 <bodhi_zazen> We have a higher standard on the forums

 20:02:00 <Iowan> I've been trying to forward his emails to FC

 20:02:01 <bodhi_zazen> so links to "personal home pages" selling products and services are not allowed for example

 20:02:17 <bodhi_zazen> So we need to agree on what spam is on the forms, no more spam, etc

 20:02:26 <Artificial_Intel> no need to waste time on it, clearly a spammer

 20:02:38 <bodhi_zazen> +1 Artificial_Intel

 20:02:50 <Iowan> Was that why the ban - or trolling?

 20:03:02 <bodhi_zazen> If the member is not here, and there is not information on the mailing list we will have to table it

 20:03:09 <Artificial_Intel> http://ubuntuforums.org/showthread.php?threadid=1708017

 20:03:13 <Iowan> OK here.

 20:03:19 <bodhi_zazen> spam

 20:03:40 <bodhi_zazen> Artificial_Intel: posted the link, only staff can see it though

 20:03:47 <nothingspecial> spam

 20:03:59 <Iowan> This is not john spartan

 20:04:12 <phillw> ahh, that explains!

 20:04:20 <nothingspecial> oic

 20:04:37 <bodhi_zazen> OK, if they want to discuss the matter further, have them contact the FC

 20:04:45 <Iowan> Will do!

 20:04:59 <bodhi_zazen> For the benefit of the community ...

 20:05:23 <bodhi_zazen> We will consider reversals as long as we are able to come to a mutually agreeable understanding

 20:05:44 <bodhi_zazen> And I have not yet received a complaint that there is not enough spam on the forums >:)

 20:06:14 <bodhi_zazen> [topic]NEW MEMBERS !!!

 20:06:24 <bodhi_zazen> http://ubuntuforums.org/forumdisplay.php?f=404

 20:06:39 <bodhi_zazen> Thank you everyone for helping to reach out to the community on this

 20:07:14 <bodhi_zazen> dmizer - http://ubuntuforums.org/showthread.php?t=1947333

 20:07:15 <Artificial_Intel> Funny I thought dmizer had membership

 20:07:30 <bodhi_zazen> yea, it expired, happens

 20:07:40 <nothingspecial> +1

 20:07:42 <josephmills> can I vote on these ?

 20:07:49 <bodhi_zazen> [vote]dmizer for membership

 20:07:49 <meetingology> Please vote on: dmizer for membership

 20:07:49 <meetingology> Public votes can be registered by saying +1, +0 or -1 in channel, (private votes don't work yet, but when they do it will be by messaging the channel followed by +1/-1/+0 to me)

 20:07:54 <bodhi_zazen> votes are FC only

 20:07:56 <bodhi_zazen> +1

 20:07:56 <meetingology> +1 received from bodhi_zazen

 20:07:57 <coffeecat> +1

 20:07:57 <meetingology> +1 received from coffeecat

 20:07:59 <josephmills> +1

 20:07:59 <meetingology> +1 received from josephmills

 20:08:03 <Iowan> +1

 20:08:03 <meetingology> +1 received from Iowan

 20:08:03 <Artificial_Intel> +1

 20:08:03 <meetingology> +1 received from Artificial_Intel

 20:08:16 <bodhi_zazen> [endvote]

 20:08:16 <meetingology> Voting ended on: dmizer for membership

 20:08:16 <meetingology> Votes for:5 Votes against:0 Abstentions:0

 20:08:16 <meetingology> Motion carried

 20:08:36 <bodhi_zazen> effenberg0x0 http://ubuntuforums.org/member.php?u=260143

 20:08:40 <bodhi_zazen> Effenberg0x0: you here ?

 20:08:44 <Effenberg0x0> I am :)

 20:08:44 <philinux> +1

 20:08:45 <josephmills> +1

 20:08:53 <bodhi_zazen> josephmills: FC only please

 20:09:09 <philinux> sorry

 20:09:12 <bodhi_zazen> [vote] Effenberg0x0 for membership

 20:09:12 <meetingology> Please vote on: Effenberg0x0 for membership

 20:09:12 <meetingology> Public votes can be registered by saying +1, +0 or -1 in channel, (private votes don't work yet, but when they do it will be by messaging the channel followed by +1/-1/+0 to me)

 20:09:15 <coffeecat> +1

 20:09:15 <meetingology> +1 received from coffeecat

 20:09:15 <bodhi_zazen> +1

 20:09:15 <meetingology> +1 received from bodhi_zazen

 20:09:18 <Artificial_Intel> +1

 20:09:18 <meetingology> +1 received from Artificial_Intel

 20:09:20 <Iowan> +1

 20:09:20 <meetingology> +1 received from Iowan

 20:09:25 <bodhi_zazen> [endvote]

 20:09:25 <meetingology> Voting ended on: Effenberg0x0 for membership

 20:09:25 <meetingology> Votes for:4 Votes against:0 Abstentions:0

 20:09:25 <meetingology> Motion carried

 20:09:33 <bodhi_zazen> congrats Effenberg0x0 =)

 20:09:39 <Effenberg0x0> Thanks you so much to all of you

 20:09:49 <bodhi_zazen> Ms. Daisy http://ubuntuforums.org/showthread.php?t=1944160

 20:10:06 <bodhi_zazen> Ms. Daisy is not here

 20:10:46 <nothingspecial> she was invited

 20:10:47 <bodhi_zazen> I will speak in her behalf - Although she has only been a member since Sept 2011, I think we all know her and clearly recognize her consistent positive contributions

 20:11:01 <coffeecat> Agreed

 20:11:07 <bodhi_zazen> Any other comments on Ms. D before the vote ?

 20:11:40 <bodhi_zazen> [vote] Ms. Daisy for membership

 20:11:40 <meetingology> Please vote on: Ms. Daisy for membership

 20:11:40 <meetingology> Public votes can be registered by saying +1, +0 or -1 in channel, (private votes don't work yet, but when they do it will be by messaging the channel followed by +1/-1/+0 to me)

 20:11:44 <bodhi_zazen> +1

 20:11:44 <meetingology> +1 received from bodhi_zazen

 20:11:45 <coffeecat> +1

 20:11:45 <meetingology> +1 received from coffeecat

 20:11:50 <josephmills> +1

 20:11:50 <meetingology> +1 received from josephmills

 20:11:53 <Artificial_Intel> +0

 20:11:53 <meetingology> +0 received from Artificial_Intel

 20:12:01 <Iowan> +1

 20:12:01 <meetingology> +1 received from Iowan

 20:12:07 <bodhi_zazen> [endvote]

 20:12:07 <meetingology> Voting ended on: Ms. Daisy for membership

 20:12:07 <meetingology> Votes for:4 Votes against:0 Abstentions:1

 20:12:07 <meetingology> Motion carried

 20:12:27 <bodhi_zazen> Congrats to Ms. Daisy

 20:12:37 <bodhi_zazen> Grenage http://ubuntuforums.org/showthread.php?t=1937708

 20:12:45 <bodhi_zazen> Grenage you here ?

 20:12:57 <bodhi_zazen> Anyone want to speak for Grenage ?

 20:13:10 <nothingspecial> sent appologies, couldn't make it

 20:13:32 <bodhi_zazen> [vote] Grenage for membership

 20:13:32 <meetingology> Please vote on: Grenage for membership

 20:13:32 <meetingology> Public votes can be registered by saying +1, +0 or -1 in channel, (private votes don't work yet, but when they do it will be by messaging the channel followed by +1/-1/+0 to me)

 20:13:36 <bodhi_zazen> 0

 20:13:36 <meetingology> 0 received from bodhi_zazen

 20:14:09 <bodhi_zazen> Any other votes =)

 20:14:16 <Iowan> 0

 20:14:16 <meetingology> 0 received from Iowan

 20:14:22 <Artificial_Intel> +1

 20:14:22 <meetingology> +1 received from Artificial_Intel

 20:14:25 <coffeecat> +1

 20:14:25 <meetingology> +1 received from coffeecat

 20:14:33 <bodhi_zazen> [endvote]

 20:14:33 <meetingology> Voting ended on: Grenage for membership

 20:14:33 <meetingology> Votes for:2 Votes against:0 Abstentions:2

 20:14:33 <meetingology> Motion carried

 20:14:41 <bodhi_zazen> Congrats to Grenage

 20:15:03 <bodhi_zazen> papibe http://ubuntuforums.org/showthread.php?t=1941126

 20:15:25 <bodhi_zazen> papibe here ?

 20:15:30 <papibe> yes

 20:15:37 <bodhi_zazen> \o/

 20:15:42 <nothingspecial> \o/

 20:15:44 <bodhi_zazen> welcome, thank you for attending

 20:15:50 <papibe> :)

 20:15:59 <bodhi_zazen> Anyone not know papibe ?

 20:16:20 <bodhi_zazen> Long standing , knowledgeable, contributing member

 20:16:39 <bodhi_zazen> I can not think of a better candidate, should have happened sooner

 20:16:42 <bodhi_zazen> =)

 20:16:46 <nothingspecial> +1 bodhi_zazen

 20:16:51 <bodhi_zazen> Any other comments ?

 20:16:52 <Iowan> texicAn? ;)

 20:17:13 <bodhi_zazen> [vote] papibe for membership

 20:17:13 <meetingology> Please vote on: papibe for membership

 20:17:13 <meetingology> Public votes can be registered by saying +1, +0 or -1 in channel, (private votes don't work yet, but when they do it will be by messaging the channel followed by +1/-1/+0 to me)

 20:17:15 <bodhi_zazen> +1

 20:17:15 <meetingology> +1 received from bodhi_zazen

 20:17:16 <coffeecat> +1

 20:17:16 <meetingology> +1 received from coffeecat

 20:17:16 <Artificial_Intel> +1

 20:17:16 <meetingology> +1 received from Artificial_Intel

 20:17:18 <jinjorge> +1

 20:17:18 <meetingology> +1 received from jinjorge

 20:17:19 <Iowan> +1

 20:17:19 <meetingology> +1 received from Iowan

 20:17:27 <bodhi_zazen> [endvote]

 20:17:27 <meetingology> Voting ended on: papibe for membership

 20:17:27 <meetingology> Votes for:5 Votes against:0 Abstentions:0

 20:17:27 <meetingology> Motion carried

 20:17:33 <bodhi_zazen> Congrats papibe

 20:17:41 <papibe> Thanks!

 20:17:46 <nothingspecial> congrats papibe

 20:17:55 <bodhi_zazen> And I hope we can entice you to participate on #ubuntuforums =)

 20:17:57 <forestpiskie> congrats papibe

 20:18:06 <forestpiskie> I tried bodhi_zazen

 20:18:15 <bodhi_zazen> matt_symes http://ubuntuforums.org/showthread.php?t=1936056

 20:18:21 <papibe> special thanks to nothingspecial, for contacting me and guiding me to the process

 20:18:26 <bodhi_zazen> matt_symes here ?

 20:18:28 <nothingspecial> :)

 20:18:29 <matt_symes> yes :)

 20:18:34 <bodhi_zazen> \o/

 20:18:39 <matt_symes> \o/

 20:18:39 <nothingspecial> \o/

 20:18:44 <bodhi_zazen> cant talk bad about you then matt_symes

 20:18:44 <nlsthzn> congrats papibe

 20:18:44 <coffeecat> \o/

 20:18:50 <matt_symes> :)

 20:18:56 <bodhi_zazen> thank you for coming =)

 20:19:07 <bodhi_zazen> Anyone want to speak about matt_symes ?

 20:19:07 <matt_symes> thanks for having me

 20:19:17 <coffeecat> No hesitation in recommending

 20:19:27 <forestpiskie> I would say he's a spot on candidate

 20:19:37 <nothingspecial> +1 to matt_symes, no brainer imho

 20:19:41 <philinux> +1

 20:20:00 <CharlesA> +1 here too

 20:20:03 <bodhi_zazen> Thanks for your contributions to the forums community matt_symes , it is greatly appreciated by everyone

 20:20:17 <bodhi_zazen> [vote] matt_symes for membership

 20:20:17 <meetingology> Please vote on: matt_symes for membership

 20:20:17 <meetingology> Public votes can be registered by saying +1, +0 or -1 in channel, (private votes don't work yet, but when they do it will be by messaging the channel followed by +1/-1/+0 to me)

 20:20:20 <bodhi_zazen> +1

 20:20:20 <meetingology> +1 received from bodhi_zazen

 20:20:22 <coffeecat> +1

 20:20:22 <meetingology> +1 received from coffeecat

 20:20:26 <Artificial_Intel> +1

 20:20:26 <meetingology> +1 received from Artificial_Intel

 20:20:35 <Iowan> +1

 20:20:35 <meetingology> +1 received from Iowan

 20:21:07 <bodhi_zazen> [endvote]

 20:21:07 <meetingology> Voting ended on: matt_symes for membership

 20:21:07 <meetingology> Votes for:4 Votes against:0 Abstentions:0

 20:21:07 <meetingology> Motion carried

 20:21:11 <Effenberg0x0> Congrats Matt :)

 20:21:12 <nothingspecial> \o/ /o\ \o/

 20:21:12 <bodhi_zazen> Congrats matt_symes

 20:21:14 <matt_symes> Thankyou. :)

 20:21:16 <nlsthzn> congrats matt_symes

 20:21:26 <coffeecat> Congrats matt_symes

 20:21:29 <bodhi_zazen> matt_symes: hope we can also entice you to #ubuntuforums

 20:21:38 <CharlesA> congrats matt_symes :-)

 20:21:42 <matt_symes> thanks. You've made my week !

 20:21:45 <njin> congrats

 20:21:47 <nothingspecial> he's there's

 20:21:49 <bodhi_zazen> [topic]OPEN FLOOR

 20:21:59 <phillw> o/

 20:22:10 <bodhi_zazen> Sorry if I rushed a few topics , though I would have to go by now

 20:22:16 <bodhi_zazen> phillw: your up

 20:22:38 <phillw> bodhi_zazen: is it preferred to use #ubuntuforums over the ##ufbt now?

 20:22:39 <bodhi_zazen> Who wants to add the new members to LP etc ?

 20:22:49 <bodhi_zazen> yes

 20:22:59 <phillw> I'll alter my logins. Thanks,

 20:23:08 <philinux> o/

 20:23:09 <bodhi_zazen> It is on my todo list to step down from the beginners team

 20:23:39 <bodhi_zazen> ##ufbt was sort of a transitional channel, I think we have re-established at #ubuntuforums

 20:24:19 <bodhi_zazen> I think I un-registered ##ufbt

 20:24:20 * Sidewinder1 Never heard of ##ufbt.

 20:24:34 <forestpiskie> old story now Sidewinder1

 20:24:41 <bodhi_zazen> Sidewinder1: don't worry about it, sort of old history now

 20:24:47 <Sidewinder1> NP

 20:24:58 <coffeecat> New members - I can do that if you like bodhi_zazen. Tomorrow, though.

 20:25:08 <bodhi_zazen> great, thank you

 20:25:13 <bodhi_zazen> Let me know if you need help

 20:25:18 <philinux> o/

 20:25:26 <coffeecat> I think I;ve got the hang of it now! ;)

 20:25:40 <bodhi_zazen> coffeecat: http://ubuntuforums.org/showpost.php?p=11659124&postcount=3

 20:25:51 <bodhi_zazen> let me know if I need to update that ^^

 20:25:57 <coffeecat> I wrote that! :)

 20:26:31 <coffeecat> Will do.

 20:26:32 <bodhi_zazen> coffeecat: how about if we give you the welcome message this month then

 20:26:48 <bodhi_zazen> Artificial_Intel: can you add the new members please http://ubuntuforums.org/showthread.php?t=1919213

 20:26:50 <coffeecat> I'm OK with that.

 20:26:59 <philinux> How do people find T&E forum now

 20:27:04 <coffeecat> The link in the welcome pm needs to be made clickable. I'll do that too.

 20:27:09 <bodhi_zazen> I would like to the the FC "trained" on how to do these things

 20:27:27 <Artificial_Intel> aye, I'll do it

 20:27:33 <bodhi_zazen> thanks coffeecat and Artificial_Intel

 20:27:44 <bodhi_zazen> If you need help let me know

 20:27:52 <coffeecat> Just to be clear. AI for the new members and me for the welcome pm?

 20:28:12 <bodhi_zazen> yes please coffeecat

 20:28:21 <coffeecat> OK. :)

 20:28:42 <Artificial_Intel> It will be done tomorrow morning :)

 20:29:01 <bodhi_zazen> No rush Artificial_Intel , last month I took a few days if I recall

 20:29:21 <bodhi_zazen> I will do the mailing list this month

 20:29:37 <bodhi_zazen> That leaves s-fox with the admin thread in the staff section =)

 20:29:50 <Artificial_Intel> he'll be thrilled :P

 20:29:59 <bodhi_zazen> Any other questions / issues for the FC ?

 20:30:04 <Iowan> (so will she)

 20:30:24 <coffeecat> bodhi_zazen, philinux had a question.

 20:31:01 <Iowan> he alredy left

 20:31:17 <bodhi_zazen> OK, anything else ?

 20:31:47 <bodhi_zazen> It is really great to see things getting back on track, thank you to everyone, I really appreciate all the assistance

 20:32:02 <bodhi_zazen> I am sorry things got a little off track in the past

 20:32:08 <Artificial_Intel> no problem.

 20:32:12 <forestpiskie> such is life bodhi_zazen

 20:32:20 <forestpiskie> future is what counts

 20:32:34 <phillw> bodhi_zazen: good to see things resurrected :)

 20:32:40 <bodhi_zazen> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)