#title #ubuntu-meeting Meeting

Meeting started by jdstrand at 18:06:11 UTC.  The full logs are
available at
http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2012/ubuntu-meeting.2012-05-14-18.06.log.html
.



== Meeting summary ==

''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting   (jdstrand, 18:06:24)
 *Announcements

 *Weekly stand-up report

 *Highlighted packages
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/ksh.html   (jdstrand, 18:15:10)
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/qmail.html   (jdstrand, 18:15:14)
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/foomatic-gui.html   (jdstrand, 18:15:16)
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/mapserver.html   (jdstrand, 18:15:20)
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/etherape.html   (jdstrand, 18:15:23)

 *Miscellaneous and Questions



Meeting ended at 18:23:18 UTC.



== Votes ==




== Action items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * jdstrand (24)
 * tyhicks (8)
 * mdeslaur (6)
 * sbeattie (4)
 * meetingology (3)
 * micahg (2)
 * jjohansen (2)



== Full Log ==


 18:06:11 <jdstrand> #startmeeting

 18:06:11 <meetingology> Meeting started Mon May 14 18:06:11 2012 UTC.  The chair is jdstrand. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 18:06:11 <meetingology> 

 18:06:11 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 18:06:22 <jdstrand> The meeting agenda can be found at:

 18:06:24 <jdstrand> [LINK] https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting

 18:06:29 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Announcements

 18:07:01 <jdstrand> Julian Taylor (jtaylor) provided debdiffs for lucid-precise for wicd (LP: #979221) (LP: #992177) and provided debdiffs for lucid-oneiric for gajim (LP: #992618) (LP: #992613)

 18:07:06 <jdstrand> Your work is very much appreciated and will keep Ubuntu users secure. Great job! :)

 18:07:22 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Weekly stand-up report

 18:07:26 <jdstrand> I'll go first

 18:07:41 <jdstrand> I'm in the happy place this week

 18:07:47 <mdeslaur> \o

 18:07:53 <jdstrand> I am focusing on post-UDS catch-up and review

 18:08:07 <jdstrand> and then will get back to my assigned updates

 18:08:13 <jdstrand> mdeslaur: you're up

 18:08:25 <mdeslaur> I'm doing community this week

 18:08:42 <mdeslaur> and I need to go through the blueprints and create proper work items, etc.

 18:08:53 <mdeslaur> after that, I plan on tackling my open CVEs

 18:08:55 <mdeslaur> that's it from me

 18:08:57 <mdeslaur> sbeattie: you're up

 18:09:05 <sbeattie> I'm on triage this week

 18:09:22 <sbeattie> I'm also recovering/catching up on UDS stuff.

 18:09:39 <sbeattie> After that, I'm working on my assigned CVEs.

 18:09:57 <sbeattie> that's it for me, micahg?

 18:10:17 <micahg> I'm focusing on thunderbird/apparmor regressions and then post UDS catchup

 18:10:44 <micahg> I think that's it

 18:11:00 <tyhicks> I'm in the happy place this week

 18:11:42 <tyhicks> I can't think of much post UDS catchup I need to do, but I suppose I'll have some since everyone else does :)

 18:12:04 <tyhicks> I'm working on updating pidgin for a stack of CVEs

 18:12:31 <tyhicks> I'm done backporting and should be moving onto the testing stage shortly

 18:13:13 <tyhicks> While at UDS and while traveling for UDS, I have quickly fixed a few eCryptfs bugs. I plan on turning those fixes into upstreamable patches this week.

 18:13:22 <tyhicks> That's about it for me

 18:13:24 <tyhicks> jjohansen: You're up

 18:13:27 <jjohansen> I have some kernel crashes related to apparmor in the Q kernel and lxc to finish up with. Then I need to get out a pull request for 3.5 as the merge window is opening soon.

 18:13:27 <jjohansen> After that it will be UDS recovering/catch up

 18:14:27 <tyhicks> Oh... getting ready for the 3.5 merge window will be on my todo list, too

 18:14:56 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Highlighted packages

 18:15:00 <jdstrand> The Ubuntu Security team will highlight some community-supported packages that might be good candidates for updating and or triaging. If you would like to help Ubuntu and not sure where to start, this is a great way to do so.

 18:15:04 <jdstrand> See https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/UpdateProcedures for details and if you have any questions, feel free to ask in #ubuntu-security. To find out other ways of helping out, please see https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/GettingInvolved.

 18:15:10 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/ksh.html

 18:15:14 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/qmail.html

 18:15:16 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/foomatic-gui.html

 18:15:20 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/mapserver.html

 18:15:23 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/etherape.html

 18:15:32 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Miscellaneous and Questions

 18:15:43 <jdstrand> There are a lot of merge opportunities for packages listed in http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/d2u/. Performing these updates is a great way to help Ubuntu and bolster your developer application.

 18:15:54 <jdstrand> Does anyone have any other questions or items to discuss?

 18:23:18 <jdstrand> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)