#title #ubuntu-meeting Meeting

Meeting started by s-fox at 21:00:15 UTC.  The full logs are available
at
http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2012/ubuntu-meeting.2012-09-22-21.00.log.html
.



== Meeting summary ==

 *ubuntuforums fc meeting
''IDEA:'' Wubi forums vs. Prefix ?  (s-fox, 21:01:28)
''IDEA:'' wubi prefix vs forums  (s-fox, 21:01:54)
  *wubi prefix vs forums ?  (s-fox, 21:03:05)
  *test  (s-fox, 21:04:01)

 *wubi prefix vs subforum

 *Tutorials and Tips Forum

 *Human verification questions - follow up to changes

 *Forum Upgrade

 *Rethink forum home page layout
''LINK:'' http://ubuntuforums.org/showpost.php?p=12149766&postcount=19   (elfy, 21:54:58)
''ACTION:'' Iowan to carry on with announcement  (s-fox, 22:01:03)
''ACTION:'' Elfy first contact in RC  (s-fox, 22:01:19)
''ACTION:'' cariboo907  to do the emails  (s-fox, 22:01:30)
''ACTION:'' coffeecat  to do the welcome pm  (s-fox, 22:01:44)
''ACTION:'' s-fox to sit pretty as ever :)  (s-fox, 22:01:58)
''ACTION:'' s-fox to do the report  (s-fox, 22:02:26)
''ACTION:'' elfy  to email castro  (s-fox, 22:17:19)



Meeting ended at 22:20:28 UTC.



== Votes ==


 * move first post of migrated tut's and tips to new forum  ?
   For: 2 Against: 1 Abstained: 2

 * create wubi subforum
   For: 0 Against: 5 Abstained: 0

 * close tut's and tips , create new forum
   For: 4 Against: 0 Abstained: 1

 * close tut's and tips NOT archive
   For: 2 Against: 1 Abstained: 2

 * someone get in touch with castro for an update
   For: 5 Against: 0 Abstained: 0

 * archive tut's and tips
   For: 4 Against: 0 Abstained: 1

 * Agree in principle to updating forum homepage layout, exact changes to be outlined clearly
   For: 4 Against: 0 Abstained: 1

 * keep the prefix
   For: 5 Against: 0 Abstained: 0



== Action items ==

 * Iowan to carry on with announcement
 * Elfy first contact in RC
 * cariboo907  to do the emails
 * coffeecat  to do the welcome pm
 * s-fox to sit pretty as ever :)
 * s-fox to do the report
 * elfy  to email castro



== Action items, by person ==

 * cariboo907
 ** cariboo907  to do the emails
 * coffeecat
 ** coffeecat  to do the welcome pm
 * elfy
 ** elfy  to email castro
 * Iowan
 ** Iowan to carry on with announcement
 * s-fox
 ** s-fox to sit pretty as ever :)
 ** s-fox to do the report



== People present (lines said) ==

 * s-fox (159)
 * meetingology (92)
 * elfy (82)
 * Iowan (61)
 * cariboo907 (57)
 * coffeecat (55)
 * bkerensa (28)
 * TheLordOfTime (4)



== Full Log ==


 21:00:15 <s-fox> #startmeeting

 21:00:15 <meetingology> Meeting started Sat Sep 22 21:00:15 2012 UTC.  The chair is s-fox. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 21:00:15 <meetingology> 

 21:00:15 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 21:00:34 <s-fox> #voters elfy coffeecat Iowan cariboo907 s-fox

 21:00:34 <meetingology> Current voters: Iowan cariboo907 coffeecat elfy s-fox

 21:00:52 <Iowan> New command?

 21:00:59 <s-fox> #topic  ubuntuforums fc meeting

 21:01:00 * Iowan likes

 21:01:28 <s-fox> #idea Wubi forums vs. Prefix ?

 21:01:39 <s-fox> odd

 21:01:54 <s-fox> #idea wubi prefix vs forums

 21:02:09 <s-fox> okay, that is weird

 21:02:10 <s-fox> lol

 21:02:37 <s-fox> anyone know why that isn't working ?

 21:02:43 <Iowan> topic?

 21:02:58 <elfy> no idea

 21:03:05 <s-fox> #subtopic wubi prefix vs forums ?

 21:03:06 <cariboo907> how about sub-topic?

 21:03:38 <s-fox> hmm

 21:03:53 <s-fox> #meetingtopic

 21:04:01 <s-fox> #subtopic test

 21:04:02 <elfy> do you have to be chair to run it?

 21:04:09 <Iowan> chair? (guessing wildly)

 21:04:10 <s-fox> i am the chair

 21:04:18 <s-fox> <meetingology> Meeting started Sat Sep 22 21:00:15 2012 UTC.  The chair is s-fox. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 21:04:43 <s-fox> #topic wubi prefix vs subforum

 21:04:50 <s-fox> ahah, okay go with it ;)

 21:04:51 <Iowan> THERE!

 21:04:54 <elfy> :)

 21:04:57 <cariboo907> yaaay

 21:05:13 <Iowan> Are we rusty???

 21:05:16 <s-fox> basically bodhi was getting at having a subforum for wubi, rather than a prefix

 21:05:24 <cariboo907> I say prefix only

 21:05:34 <elfy> was brought up by rubi I believe

 21:05:44 <elfy> I see no need for a new sub forum

 21:05:49 <s-fox> i know we discussed it earlier so can we skip to the vote?

 21:05:51 <coffeecat> Rubi was keen - I don't think many others were.

 21:06:14 <s-fox> i am neutral at best. more inclined to leave things as they are are, with just the prefix

 21:06:22 <Iowan> is it worth tabling?

 21:06:48 <s-fox> everyone okay with going to a vote ?

 21:06:53 <Iowan> vote...

 21:06:56 <coffeecat> Yes

 21:07:00 <elfy> yes

 21:07:09 <cariboo907> yes

 21:07:16 <s-fox> #vote create wubi subforum

 21:07:16 <meetingology> Please vote on: create wubi subforum

 21:07:16 <meetingology> Public votes can be registered by saying +1, +0 or -1 in channel, (private votes don't work yet, but when they do it will be by messaging the channel followed by +1/-1/+0 to me)

 21:07:19 <s-fox> -1

 21:07:19 <meetingology> -1 received from s-fox

 21:07:22 <coffeecat> -1

 21:07:22 <meetingology> -1 received from coffeecat

 21:07:23 <cariboo907> -1

 21:07:23 <meetingology> -1 received from cariboo907

 21:07:25 <elfy> -1

 21:07:25 <meetingology> -1 received from elfy

 21:07:28 <Iowan> -1 for now.

 21:07:28 <meetingology> -1 for now. received from Iowan

 21:07:33 <s-fox> #endvote

 21:07:33 <meetingology> Voting ended on: create wubi subforum

 21:07:33 <meetingology> Votes for:0 Votes against:5 Abstentions:0

 21:07:33 <meetingology> Motion denied

 21:07:53 <s-fox> #vote keep the prefix

 21:07:53 <meetingology> Please vote on: keep the prefix

 21:07:53 <meetingology> Public votes can be registered by saying +1, +0 or -1 in channel, (private votes don't work yet, but when they do it will be by messaging the channel followed by +1/-1/+0 to me)

 21:07:55 <s-fox> +1

 21:07:55 <meetingology> +1 received from s-fox

 21:07:57 <elfy> +1

 21:07:57 <meetingology> +1 received from elfy

 21:08:02 <coffeecat> +1

 21:08:02 <meetingology> +1 received from coffeecat

 21:08:03 <Iowan> +1

 21:08:03 <meetingology> +1 received from Iowan

 21:08:04 <cariboo907> +1

 21:08:04 <meetingology> +1 received from cariboo907

 21:08:13 <s-fox> #endvote

 21:08:13 <meetingology> Voting ended on: keep the prefix

 21:08:13 <meetingology> Votes for:5 Votes against:0 Abstentions:0

 21:08:13 <meetingology> Motion carried

 21:08:28 <s-fox> #agreed Leave things as they are for wubi

 21:08:39 <s-fox> hmmm, le sigh

 21:08:57 <s-fox> #agree leave things as they are for wubi

 21:09:04 <s-fox> fine, be that way ;)

 21:09:17 <Iowan> (more research...)

 21:09:27 <s-fox> coffeecat,  has an item about Tutorials and Tips Forum

 21:09:30 <s-fox> #topic Tutorials and Tips Forum

 21:09:30 <cariboo907> bug time?

 21:09:47 <s-fox> it is listed as a valid command cariboo907 , as is subtopic to be fair

 21:10:06 <s-fox> coffeecat,  you have the floor :)

 21:10:08 <cariboo907> I know, I've got the page up too

 21:10:14 <coffeecat> Elfy really needs to take the lead, but I was wondering if it was time to rename the T&T forum, new sticky, etc.

 21:11:05 <s-fox> what would you want to rename it to coffeecat ?

 21:11:09 <cariboo907> Something like wiki page discussion?

 21:11:14 <Iowan> I'm neutral/stupid on this one - educate me

 21:11:19 <s-fox> i am fairly neutral, but can see a point to it

 21:11:41 <coffeecat> Something like Wiki Tutorials discussion forum?

 21:11:48 <elfy> given that we want to stop posting in there and move to wiki - I'd prefer to see the tutes forums closed to new posts and a new one created for discussions - people don't read the stickies and still send things to the moderation queue

 21:11:50 <s-fox> obvious question:why should it be renamed ?

 21:12:06 <coffeecat> It's no longer for tutorials

 21:12:16 <coffeecat> Only discussions about wiki tutes

 21:12:50 <elfy> excatly

 21:12:51 <coffeecat> I'm +1 for Elfy's suggestion for new forum + close old one.

 21:13:06 <cariboo907> +1 to elfy 's suggestion too

 21:13:07 <s-fox> HOWTO discussions ?

 21:13:32 <elfy> that's them both tutes'n'tips and outdated

 21:13:53 <elfy> Wiki tutorial discussions

 21:13:55 <Iowan> I'm inclined to agree that new forum=new name to make change obvious.

 21:14:19 <cariboo907> I never really like Tips & Tutes, as most of them were hoto's anyway

 21:14:21 <s-fox> are we renaming or creating a  new forum  ?

 21:14:41 <elfy> create a new one - close the old ones

 21:14:46 <cariboo907> I's say a new sub-forum

 21:14:52 <Iowan> ^

 21:14:56 <coffeecat> agreed

 21:15:15 <elfy> and make the old ones sub to that one I assume

 21:15:19 <s-fox> alright, now i know what the notion is (i didn't fully understand it) so will start a vote

 21:15:36 <s-fox> #vote close tut's and tips , create new forum

 21:15:36 <meetingology> Please vote on: close tut's and tips , create new forum

 21:15:36 <meetingology> Public votes can be registered by saying +1, +0 or -1 in channel, (private votes don't work yet, but when they do it will be by messaging the channel followed by +1/-1/+0 to me)

 21:15:43 <Iowan> will it see more use than the dev subforum?

 21:15:44 <cariboo907> +1

 21:15:44 <meetingology> +1 received from cariboo907

 21:15:46 <coffeecat> +1

 21:15:46 <meetingology> +1 received from coffeecat

 21:15:48 <elfy> +1

 21:15:48 <meetingology> +1 received from elfy

 21:15:48 <Iowan> +1

 21:15:48 <meetingology> +1 received from Iowan

 21:15:51 <s-fox> +0

 21:15:51 <meetingology> +0 received from s-fox

 21:15:57 <s-fox> #endvote

 21:15:57 <meetingology> Voting ended on: close tut's and tips , create new forum

 21:15:57 <meetingology> Votes for:4 Votes against:0 Abstentions:1

 21:15:57 <meetingology> Motion carried

 21:16:06 <s-fox> should we archive old forum ?

 21:16:13 <cariboo907> +1

 21:16:18 <elfy> yea

 21:16:23 <s-fox> #vote archive tut's and tips

 21:16:23 <meetingology> Please vote on: archive tut's and tips

 21:16:23 <meetingology> Public votes can be registered by saying +1, +0 or -1 in channel, (private votes don't work yet, but when they do it will be by messaging the channel followed by +1/-1/+0 to me)

 21:16:27 <cariboo907> +1

 21:16:27 <meetingology> +1 received from cariboo907

 21:16:28 <s-fox> +1

 21:16:28 <meetingology> +1 received from s-fox

 21:16:30 <elfy> +1

 21:16:30 <meetingology> +1 received from elfy

 21:16:37 <Iowan> That'd block new entries as well as closing

 21:16:37 <coffeecat> 0

 21:16:38 <meetingology> 0 received from coffeecat

 21:16:39 <Iowan> +1

 21:16:39 <meetingology> +1 received from Iowan

 21:16:47 <s-fox> #endvote

 21:16:47 <meetingology> Voting ended on: archive tut's and tips

 21:16:47 <meetingology> Votes for:4 Votes against:0 Abstentions:1

 21:16:47 <meetingology> Motion carried

 21:17:14 <coffeecat> o/ whoa!

 21:17:14 <s-fox> what do we do about the howto's that have been converted?  do we move the first post to its own thread OR create a new thread anyway ?

 21:17:33 <s-fox> coffeecat,

 21:17:34 <s-fox> ?

 21:17:50 <coffeecat> The reason I voted 0 for archiving is that if we agree a home layout change later, the archive will be made mnore difficult to find.

 21:18:03 <cariboo907> I'd suggest a new thread

 21:18:04 <coffeecat> May be made...

 21:18:12 <elfy> mmm

 21:18:31 <Iowan> coffeecat, doesn't that depend on new layout?

 21:18:33 <elfy> so not archive it - but close to new posts

 21:18:54 <s-fox> close the forum ?

 21:19:01 <coffeecat> agree with elfy. Iowan the idea for layout change came from making archive more obscure, iirc.

 21:19:29 <elfy> coffeecat: yea - was my thought re archives

 21:19:30 <cariboo907> I don't really see a problem with that ,as most of the tips & tutes are outdated any how

 21:19:39 <s-fox> alright, vote time (again) ;)

 21:19:44 <Iowan> Wait!

 21:19:47 <coffeecat> Also - if/when we close the T&T forum, we need to move the new wiki discussion threads into new forum.

 21:19:49 <s-fox> okay

 21:19:50 <s-fox> :)

 21:20:02 <elfy> I'll do the move of the threads

 21:20:03 <Iowan> Do we need to un-vote the archive vote?

 21:20:44 <Iowan> Who has Roberts Rules of Order?

 21:21:08 <elfy> not me - I'd assume it was a made up name

 21:21:15 <cariboo907> IT looks like we still archive the sub-forum, just make it harder to find

 21:21:24 <s-fox> okay, can i now call a vote ? ;)

 21:21:30 <Iowan> sure

 21:21:51 <s-fox> alright.... this is going to be a 2 parter, but bear with me....

 21:22:14 <s-fox> #vote close tut's and tips NOT archive

 21:22:14 <meetingology> Please vote on: close tut's and tips NOT archive

 21:22:14 <meetingology> Public votes can be registered by saying +1, +0 or -1 in channel, (private votes don't work yet, but when they do it will be by messaging the channel followed by +1/-1/+0 to me)

 21:22:31 <cariboo907> -1

 21:22:31 <meetingology> -1 received from cariboo907

 21:22:34 <Iowan> +0 - we already voted to archive

 21:22:34 <meetingology> +0 - we already voted to archive received from Iowan

 21:22:34 <elfy> +1

 21:22:34 <meetingology> +1 received from elfy

 21:22:36 <coffeecat> +1

 21:22:36 <meetingology> +1 received from coffeecat

 21:22:43 <s-fox> +0

 21:22:43 <meetingology> +0 received from s-fox

 21:22:55 <s-fox> #endvote

 21:22:55 <meetingology> Voting ended on: close tut's and tips NOT archive

 21:22:55 <meetingology> Votes for:2 Votes against:1 Abstentions:2

 21:22:55 <meetingology> Motion carried

 21:23:24 <s-fox> okay, so that went ahead.... now the second part

 21:23:44 <s-fox> #vote move first post of migrated tut's and tips to new forum  ?

 21:23:44 <meetingology> Please vote on: move first post of migrated tut's and tips to new forum  ?

 21:23:44 <meetingology> Public votes can be registered by saying +1, +0 or -1 in channel, (private votes don't work yet, but when they do it will be by messaging the channel followed by +1/-1/+0 to me)

 21:23:54 <s-fox> +1

 21:23:54 <meetingology> +1 received from s-fox

 21:23:55 <cariboo907> -1

 21:23:55 <meetingology> -1 received from cariboo907

 21:24:09 <Iowan> +0

 21:24:09 <meetingology> +0 received from Iowan

 21:24:20 <coffeecat> I don't understsand the vote topic

 21:24:47 <elfy> the old threads get closed and new discussion thread is opened at present

 21:24:51 <s-fox> coffeecat,  do we move the first post of the old migrated tuts to the new forum OR do we create a new post ?

 21:25:30 <s-fox> 2 seconds...sorry...flea bag is playing up

 21:25:33 <elfy> -1

 21:25:33 <meetingology> -1 received from elfy

 21:26:22 <coffeecat> +0 /me completely baffled

 21:26:22 <meetingology> +0 /me completely baffled received from coffeecat

 21:26:43 * Iowan too

 21:27:29 <elfy> the way it works is - old thread converted, old thread closed, new discussion thread created - that will be moved to new forum - or that's my understanding

 21:27:37 <s-fox> back

 21:28:07 <s-fox> i think this needs a little more discussion

 21:28:11 <coffeecat> THat's my understanding. Discussion threads only moved to new forum.

 21:28:19 <elfy> yea

 21:28:26 <cariboo907> +1

 21:28:26 <meetingology> +1 received from cariboo907

 21:28:46 <cariboo907> oops I forgot we were still in a vote

 21:28:53 <s-fox> i'll end the vote, disregard the result

 21:28:53 <coffeecat> :)

 21:28:56 <s-fox> #endvote

 21:28:56 <meetingology> Voting ended on: move first post of migrated tut's and tips to new forum  ?

 21:28:56 <meetingology> Votes for:2 Votes against:1 Abstentions:2

 21:28:56 <meetingology> Motion carried

 21:29:07 <s-fox> ^ IGNORE

 21:29:41 <s-fox> Right,  so we want are talking about a brand new thread ?

 21:29:47 <elfy> what we need to vote on is - leave old tutorial threads and move newer discussion threads to new forum

 21:29:58 <cariboo907> Wouldn't we leave the discussion part up to the wiki page creator?

 21:30:03 <elfy> which is all we'd need to move

 21:30:14 <elfy> cariboo907: mostly that is the wiki team people

 21:31:00 <elfy> but - previously it could only really be staff as the 'old' thread needed to be closed at the same time

 21:31:04 <cariboo907> Isn't the idea though to get any one that creates a new howto, to create a wiki page?

 21:31:15 <elfy> yes

 21:31:31 <coffeecat> And a new forum will really force the issue as far as I can see.

 21:31:40 <elfy> coffeecat: yes

 21:32:13 <cariboo907> what's to stop someone from creating a howto in the discussion sub-forum?

 21:32:15 <elfy> and will mean that there are no threads that will need closing - as the old forums will be closed anyway - so at that point wiki creator can start the wiki discussion

 21:32:29 <elfy> cariboo907: we voted to close those but not archive them

 21:32:48 <s-fox> i wonder if we can moderate posts to an entire subforum....

 21:33:01 <s-fox> if it looks like a howto we could act and advise

 21:33:15 <coffeecat> If someone starts a howto in the new forum, it'll be closed or moved to an ordinary forum, I guess.

 21:33:18 <cariboo907> What I asked is what if someone decides to create a new howto in the discussion sub-forum, what's to stop them?

 21:33:31 <coffeecat> Nothing, but we move it out.

 21:33:36 <Iowan> us?

 21:33:40 <cariboo907> OK thanks coffeecat

 21:33:56 <coffeecat> WE could ensure the new forum is moderated as the T&T is/was.

 21:34:28 * s-fox nods

 21:34:30 <elfy> yep

 21:34:37 <cariboo907> If we are going to do that why bother with a new sub-forum?

 21:34:56 <elfy> to make a clean break

 21:35:00 <coffeecat> It's cleaner that way - new strategy - new forum/

 21:35:12 <elfy> otherwise nothing will change imo

 21:35:15 <bkerensa> :)

 21:35:36 <coffeecat> agreed with elfy - no one reads the stickies.

 21:35:38 <cariboo907> so we'll still end up with queued threads awaitng moderation?

 21:36:07 <elfy> well I would assume that people going to the new forum and seeing it empty will thinktwice

 21:36:15 <s-fox> i'm for a clean break

 21:37:12 <coffeecat> I think the modding will be easier - I was never comfortable with judging the technical content of new tutes.

 21:37:29 <Iowan> ditto

 21:37:52 <s-fox> i think we should discuss this in scc and move on for now

 21:37:58 <elfy> ok

 21:38:01 <cariboo907> +1

 21:38:06 <coffeecat> +1

 21:38:07 <s-fox> you know, we seem to have stalled a little

 21:38:11 <Iowan> move on

 21:38:16 <elfy> come back to it next month

 21:38:21 <s-fox> alright, we'll move on

 21:38:28 <s-fox> but we agree to discuss this more later

 21:38:45 <s-fox> #topic Human verification questions - follow up to changes

 21:39:22 <s-fox> coffeecat,  you have the floor :)

 21:39:23 <Iowan> Well, the changes seem to be working

 21:39:43 <coffeecat> Not much to say really. There was a drmatic drop in bot reigsatrtions.

 21:40:05 <coffeecat> We changed 2-3 questions the other day.

 21:40:18 <Iowan> Are bots catching on to new questions?

 21:40:24 <s-fox> we contacted canonical is about the bug (i would not like to say what that bug is in public)

 21:40:57 <Iowan> I know which one...

 21:41:02 <coffeecat> The ones I've looked at don't seem to be bots. None of the i.a.m.a.d.i.r.t.s.p.a.m.m.e.r@whatever.com emails

 21:41:04 <s-fox> okay, good :)

 21:41:13 <cariboo907> I think we are well aware of the bug you refer to s

 21:41:32 <cariboo907> s-fox,

 21:41:42 <s-fox> alright, nothing to vote on - i'd like to move on with the meeting

 21:42:04 <s-fox> anyone object ?

 21:42:11 <Iowan> move on...

 21:42:12 <cariboo907> no lets move on

 21:42:13 <elfy> nope - that's fine with me

 21:42:18 <coffeecat> fine by me

 21:42:20 <s-fox> okay :)

 21:42:24 <s-fox> #topic Forum Upgrade

 21:42:56 <Iowan> Anything new since the ML message?

 21:42:58 <s-fox> i could say so much about this and how it has annoyed me somewhat, but i saw the mail from lyz the other day

 21:43:06 <cariboo907> Is there much to discuss until SSO is done?

 21:43:15 <s-fox> and i think elfy sent something recently also

 21:43:19 <elfy> waiting on Kyle Baker apparently

 21:43:24 * s-fox nods

 21:43:32 <elfy> I updated the ticket for an update from him

 21:43:42 <s-fox> anything new to report that we don't already know  ?

 21:43:51 <elfy> nope

 21:43:54 <s-fox> maybe we should let the community know the status ?

 21:44:00 <elfy> stalled

 21:44:05 <s-fox> agreed, stalled

 21:44:07 <s-fox> again

 21:44:12 <Iowan> That's news?

 21:44:13 <cariboo907> still

 21:44:17 <bkerensa> My understanding is the SSO is nearly done

 21:44:22 <bkerensa> just a heads up ^

 21:44:31 <bkerensa> I have been pushing the force that be to move it along

 21:44:31 <s-fox> bkerensa,  source? :)

 21:44:38 <s-fox> awesome :D

 21:44:39 <bkerensa> s-fox: jcastro

 21:44:47 <bkerensa> he said he predicts it being done next week

 21:44:50 <elfy> my understanding is that communication on this issue has been appalling

 21:44:55 <bkerensa> but maybe he was just being optimistic

 21:45:00 <bkerensa> idk

 21:45:12 <elfy> we have had optimism for years bkerensa ;)

 21:45:20 <s-fox> i think we should get in touch with castro

 21:45:26 <s-fox> again

 21:46:03 <bkerensa> elfy: I understand your frustration :) I want to see forums upgraded asap

 21:46:12 <s-fox> #vote someone get in touch with castro for an update

 21:46:12 <meetingology> Please vote on: someone get in touch with castro for an update

 21:46:12 <meetingology> Public votes can be registered by saying +1, +0 or -1 in channel, (private votes don't work yet, but when they do it will be by messaging the channel followed by +1/-1/+0 to me)

 21:46:18 <elfy> +1

 21:46:18 <meetingology> +1 received from elfy

 21:46:21 <s-fox> +1

 21:46:21 <meetingology> +1 received from s-fox

 21:46:23 <cariboo907> +1

 21:46:23 <meetingology> +1 received from cariboo907

 21:46:24 <coffeecat> +1

 21:46:24 <meetingology> +1 received from coffeecat

 21:46:28 <Iowan> +1

 21:46:28 <meetingology> +1 received from Iowan

 21:46:39 <s-fox> #endvote

 21:46:39 <meetingology> Voting ended on: someone get in touch with castro for an update

 21:46:39 <meetingology> Votes for:5 Votes against:0 Abstentions:0

 21:46:39 <meetingology> Motion carried

 21:46:55 <s-fox> woot :)

 21:47:00 <s-fox> #topic Rethink forum home page layout

 21:47:03 <bkerensa> :D

 21:47:20 <Iowan> beyond me...

 21:47:21 <s-fox> lots of discussion on this already, would like to just skip to the vote since nearly everyone is for it

 21:47:38 <s-fox> and this is coffeecat 's item

 21:47:41 <s-fox> ;)

 21:47:54 <cariboo907> we need to do something

 21:48:12 <coffeecat> Everyone seen the suggested way forward here: http://ubuntuforums.org/showthread.php?t=2060237 ?

 21:48:12 <cariboo907> to many emails to the admin on how to create a thread :)

 21:48:57 <cariboo907> +1

 21:49:18 <elfy> yep

 21:50:40 <Iowan> I'd like to see the proposed layout first.

 21:50:50 <Iowan> Different isn't necessarily better

 21:50:50 <coffeecat> That's in the proposal/

 21:52:38 <s-fox> which post, the thread has over 70 replies ;)

 21:52:56 <s-fox> oh wait, that is the short one :D

 21:53:19 <Iowan> I have no problem *considering* a new layout...

 21:53:21 <cariboo907> You posted in it s-fox  :)

 21:53:51 <s-fox> i know  cariboo907  :)

 21:54:17 <Iowan> vote?

 21:54:33 <s-fox> we are going to vote on considering a new layout?

 21:54:40 <cariboo907> when will it be done? :-D I'm inpatient

 21:54:51 <coffeecat> I thought we "considered" in early August.

 21:54:58 <elfy> http://ubuntuforums.org/showpost.php?p=12149766&postcount=19

 21:55:05 <coffeecat> If we keep on "considering" this will take as long as the forum upgrade.

 21:55:27 <elfy> to post 22 I think is the bones of it

 21:55:33 <s-fox> thanks elfy  :)

 21:55:38 <cariboo907> +1 to what coffeecat  said :)

 21:56:25 <s-fox> alright, going to vote.

 21:56:27 <elfy> +1

 21:56:33 <elfy> what on?

 21:56:39 <coffeecat> lol

 21:56:45 <s-fox> on going with the outline

 21:57:24 <s-fox> anyone mind going to the vote  ?

 21:57:32 <cariboo907> should we get TV involved in this?

 21:57:45 <elfy> we can follow up with the nitty gritty details in SCC

 21:57:51 <cariboo907> or I should say ask TV?

 21:58:07 <cariboo907> Let's vote

 21:58:11 <coffeecat> The adjustments in AdmonCP are quite straightforward. It doesn't need TV I think.

 21:58:21 <coffeecat> AdminCP too! :)

 21:58:21 <s-fox> straightforward changes

 21:58:28 <elfy> :)

 21:58:37 <s-fox> calling a vote, time is getting on...

 21:59:16 <s-fox> #vote Agree in principle to updating forum homepage layout, exact changes to be outlined clearly

 21:59:16 <meetingology> Please vote on: Agree in principle to updating forum homepage layout, exact changes to be outlined clearly

 21:59:16 <meetingology> Public votes can be registered by saying +1, +0 or -1 in channel, (private votes don't work yet, but when they do it will be by messaging the channel followed by +1/-1/+0 to me)

 21:59:20 <Iowan> +0

 21:59:20 <meetingology> +0 received from Iowan

 21:59:26 <cariboo907> +1

 21:59:26 <meetingology> +1 received from cariboo907

 21:59:28 <elfy> +1

 21:59:28 <meetingology> +1 received from elfy

 21:59:28 <coffeecat> +1

 21:59:28 <meetingology> +1 received from coffeecat

 21:59:29 <s-fox> +1

 21:59:29 <meetingology> +1 received from s-fox

 21:59:40 <s-fox> #endvote

 21:59:40 <meetingology> Voting ended on: Agree in principle to updating forum homepage layout, exact changes to be outlined clearly

 21:59:40 <meetingology> Votes for:4 Votes against:0 Abstentions:1

 21:59:40 <meetingology> Motion carried

 21:59:59 <s-fox> alright, just division of duties now

 22:00:17 <s-fox> who wants which tasks?

 22:00:25 <Iowan> I'll keep the announcement - unless someone REALLY wants it

 22:00:30 <bkerensa> :)

 22:00:31 <s-fox> pass

 22:00:32 <s-fox> lol

 22:00:46 * bkerensa haz no tasks

 22:00:46 <elfy> I can take first responder in RC

 22:01:01 <cariboo907> I'll answer the admin emails

 22:01:03 <s-fox> #action Iowan to carry on with announcement

 22:01:03 * meetingology Iowan to carry on with announcement

 22:01:19 <s-fox> #action Elfy first contact in RC

 22:01:19 * meetingology Elfy first contact in RC

 22:01:23 <coffeecat> I'm happy with welcome pm. I haven't had aany spam pm's in a while and I miss them! :)

 22:01:30 <s-fox> #action cariboo907  to do the emails

 22:01:30 * meetingology cariboo907  to do the emails

 22:01:44 <s-fox> #action coffeecat  to do the welcome pm

 22:01:44 * meetingology coffeecat  to do the welcome pm

 22:01:58 <s-fox> #action s-fox to sit pretty as ever :)

 22:01:58 * meetingology s-fox to sit pretty as ever :)

 22:02:03 <Iowan> is that the same as the announcement?

 22:02:12 * elfy doesn't know what the tasks are anyway

 22:02:13 <TheLordOfTime> lol s-fox

 22:02:15 <Iowan> (the welcome pm)

 22:02:23 <elfy> but doesn't want the monthly report ...

 22:02:26 <s-fox> #action s-fox to do the report

 22:02:26 * meetingology s-fox to do the report

 22:02:41 <Iowan> What else can I help mess up?

 22:02:46 <cariboo907> s-fox,  took the easy one again :)

 22:02:59 <elfy> Iowan: you can help move the forums about :)

 22:03:10 <Iowan> Careful what you ask...

 22:03:13 <elfy> :)

 22:03:34 <Iowan> I might move tnem to cheesecake

 22:03:41 <elfy> lol

 22:03:44 <s-fox> alright, i think that is everything, anyone got anything to bring up ?

 22:03:45 <bkerensa> ;p

 22:03:53 <bkerensa> I like llamas

 22:04:01 <coffeecat> o/ 1 brief question

 22:04:03 <elfy> so - we going to get next months meeting sorted out in the next week ...

 22:04:19 <s-fox> coffeecat,  go :)

 22:04:31 <s-fox> i have one item also that can wait until the end

 22:04:53 <coffeecat> the namless "bug". No one's responded to the RC ticket. It'lltake 5 minutes for someone to comment out a couple of lines in a php file....

 22:05:03 <coffeecat> ... Is there someone we can approach directly?

 22:05:20 <TheLordOfTime> why not just give them a diff so they apply it?  just saying :P

 22:05:47 <TheLordOfTime> whoops sorry wrong channel

 22:05:49 * TheLordOfTime hates laptops

 22:05:53 <s-fox> coffeecat,  we could see who is around on irc i guess

 22:06:11 <s-fox> or even bring it up with castro since he is our appointed contact person

 22:06:28 <Iowan> ^^

 22:06:32 <coffeecat> +1 to castro. It's such a tiny job held up by red tape.

 22:06:33 * elfy thinks that's a good idea - one e-mail 2 important issues

 22:07:20 <cariboo907> +1 tothe email

 22:07:35 <s-fox> alright

 22:07:42 <s-fox> can we move on to my item ?

 22:07:47 <elfy> yep

 22:07:53 <coffeecat> yep

 22:07:58 <Iowan> please

 22:07:59 <cariboo907> yupe

 22:08:49 <s-fox> now me and bodhi both shared the chair position. obviously things have changed. i have taken the role completely.  i don't think anyone especially minds this, but i think it would be wise to have a 'backup, just incase real life happens on me'

 22:09:31 <bkerensa> +1

 22:09:41 <bkerensa> or burnout

 22:09:46 <elfy> ok

 22:09:52 <s-fox> so, i suppose i what i am getting at is, does anyone object, and who could do that ?

 22:09:54 <Iowan> Who is qualified to backup?

 22:10:00 <s-fox> all of you

 22:10:12 <Iowan> I dunno the bot format...

 22:10:15 <s-fox> the question perhaps should be, who wants to

 22:10:21 <cariboo907> I nominate elfy  :)

 22:10:24 <s-fox> Iowan,  the bot is easy, it can be taught

 22:10:27 <elfy> I'll do it if no-one else wants it

 22:10:29 <bkerensa> +1 for elfy as backup

 22:10:34 <coffeecat> Presumably a backup/co-chair would be given super-admin permissionfor the forum?

 22:10:39 <elfy> cariboo907: thanks then - you could have waited

 22:10:47 <elfy> :)

 22:11:10 <s-fox> coffeecat,  correct. as far as i am aware i am the only super admin on the forum

 22:11:14 <Iowan> I suspect we'd all be willing

 22:11:15 <s-fox> this is not a good thing

 22:11:19 <cariboo907> But you did such a good job of arranging the meeting elfy

 22:11:25 <elfy> agreed s-fox

 22:11:34 <elfy> cariboo907: lol

 22:11:43 <Iowan> qualified... not so much

 22:12:13 <elfy> is there are reason why there shoudl only be two super admins?

 22:12:28 <bkerensa> too many fingers?

 22:12:31 <s-fox> yes, so coffeecat doesn't wipe everything by accident

 22:12:32 <s-fox> ;)

 22:12:36 <coffeecat> lol

 22:12:39 <elfy> :)

 22:12:40 <bkerensa> lawl

 22:12:40 <bkerensa> :D

 22:12:46 <Iowan> accident?

 22:12:58 <bkerensa> Do you guys do database backups at some sort of normal rate?

 22:13:00 <elfy> LOL

 22:13:10 <bkerensa> like daily snapshots?

 22:13:18 <s-fox> i would propose you all go and think about this and this discussion to be moved to the ml

 22:13:29 <elfy> ok - sounds good

 22:13:30 <Iowan> +1

 22:13:33 <bkerensa> +`

 22:13:35 <cariboo907> +1

 22:13:39 <coffeecat> +1

 22:13:53 <s-fox> alight, thanks everyone :)

 22:14:02 <elfy> cheers s-fox

 22:14:04 <s-fox> alight, english is funny

 22:14:07 <s-fox> alright

 22:14:09 <cariboo907> thanls s-fox

 22:14:14 <cariboo907> thanks

 22:14:17 <coffeecat> Thanks s-fox

 22:14:30 <bkerensa> thanks forum council!

 22:14:31 <bkerensa> :D

 22:14:52 <s-fox> thank you all for helping to re-establish the meetings

 22:15:09 <s-fox> anything else to add before ending meeting ?

 22:15:24 <bkerensa> Stay Calm and Use Forums!

 22:15:44 <elfy> who's mailing jcastro?

 22:15:50 <bkerensa> me

 22:15:56 <bkerensa> I will cc s-fox

 22:16:05 <s-fox> i am back to the hospital tomorrow, so it is unlikely to me

 22:16:05 <Iowan> FC should

 22:16:48 <s-fox> can someone find some time to do it   later ?

 22:17:10 <elfy> I can do that tomorrow

 22:17:14 <s-fox> thanks elfy

 22:17:19 <s-fox> #action elfy  to email castro

 22:17:19 * meetingology elfy  to email castro

 22:17:34 <s-fox> okay, anything else ?

 22:17:35 <coffeecat> elfy, I'll give you the link for the "bug" if you can't lay your hands on it.

 22:17:52 <elfy> I have bookmarked coffeecat

 22:18:05 <coffeecat> Excellent!

 22:18:16 <Iowan> U D man!

 22:19:09 <Iowan> There are a few more items on duties list, but none urgent.

 22:19:35 <cariboo907> Discuss on theML?

 22:19:40 <Iowan> +1

 22:19:47 <Iowan> (time to end)

 22:19:59 <cariboo907> my space bar doesn' t work very well today :)

 22:20:03 <elfy> so I'll cc cc as well then when I mail jc

 22:20:11 <s-fox> okay :)

 22:20:21 <s-fox> ending the meeting ;)

 22:20:25 <elfy> go for it

 22:20:28 <s-fox> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)