#title #ubuntu-meeting: Community Council meeting

Meeting started by dholbach at 17:00:10 UTC.  The full logs are
available at
http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2012/ubuntu-meeting.2012-12-20-17.00.log.html
.



== Meeting summary ==

 *Catching up with the Translations team
''LINK:'' https://trello.com/board/translations-team/4f621c87861db54230b9ca39   (kelemengabor, 17:24:52)
''LINK:'' https://answers.launchpad.net/launchpad/+question/211651 this is now waiting for be ack'd as far as I can see for raring  (czajkowski, 17:36:32)
''LINK:'' http://lite.framapad.org/p/ddtpUbuntu   (teolemon, 17:45:47)

 *Any other business?



Meeting ended at 17:54:44 UTC.



== Votes ==




== Action items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * dholbach (62)
 * teolemon (48)
 * kelemengabor (40)
 * czajkowski (29)
 * cprofitt (14)
 * trijntje (6)
 * Gwaihir (5)
 * meetingology (3)



== Full Log ==


 17:00:10 <dholbach> #startmeeting Community Council meeting

 17:00:10 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Dec 20 17:00:10 2012 UTC.  The chair is dholbach. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 17:00:10 <meetingology> 

 17:00:10 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 17:00:23 <dholbach> Welcome everyone to the last CC meeting in 2012.

 17:00:29 <czajkowski> Aloha

 17:00:33 <Gwaihir> o/

 17:00:37 <cprofitt> hello

 17:00:53 <dholbach> Today we are going to catch up with the Forums Council and the Translations team. Do we have somebody from either of the two teams here?

 17:02:26 <dholbach> I got a reminder email from somebody in the translations team today, so they should be aware. I'll go and see who I can round up. Can somebody reach out to some FC folks?

 17:03:35 <cprofitt> pinged the forums irc channel

 17:03:47 <dholbach> thanks cprofitt

 17:03:53 <czajkowski> cool I was about to try and find folks via https://launchpad.net/~forum-council/+members#active

 17:04:42 * dholbach lights the bat^WCC signal

 17:04:55 <cprofitt> looking at who is on in their irc channel I do not see anyone from the FC

 17:06:19 <dholbach> hey kelemengabor :)

 17:06:32 <dholbach> I'd say we start with the Translations team then. :-)

 17:06:33 <kelemengabor> hi dholbach, all

 17:06:47 <dholbach> #topic Catching up with the Translations team

 17:06:55 <dholbach> kelemengabor, how are you doing?

 17:07:03 <dholbach> thanks a lot for making a bit of time

 17:07:14 <czajkowski> kelemengabor: ello

 17:07:26 <cprofitt> hello kelemengabor

 17:07:53 <kelemengabor> well, not much ubuntu-wise, sadly. I was busy with other tasks :(

 17:08:13 <kelemengabor> btw, isn't dpm the translations team lead? :)

 17:08:53 <dholbach> We've been doing these catch-ups with various teams in the Ubuntu community for 2 cycles now and at UDS the suggestion to talk with the translations community as well was brought up and I mailed the team after UDS, it seems like this has fallen through the cracks, probably holiday-related, which is understandable

 17:09:00 <dholbach> kelemengabor, I pinged him, but he might be in a call just now

 17:09:20 <dholbach> kelemengabor, what was your gut feeling of the last release and how the translations community dealt with it?

 17:10:48 * trijntje is on his way home and will read back

 17:11:54 <kelemengabor> last release... it was a little buggy to my taste (compared to Precise), also we are quite lacking dpm's leadership. without someone pushing things forward, things tend to not move forward...

 17:12:25 <czajkowski> nods

 17:12:43 <dholbach> kelemengabor, how do things generally work in the translations team? are there milestones? do teams get notified about missing translations?

 17:13:49 <dholbach> I must admit that I never dived too deep into translations work, but was always impressed that so many strings get translated every cycle and people sometimes just spontaneously pick things up

 17:13:53 <Gwaihir> kelemengabor, might be a good opportunity to open up a little bit the ubuntu-translation-coordinators team too, am also part of it, but have less less time lately, new people might help out

 17:14:14 * cprofitt nods to Gwaihir

 17:14:25 <czajkowski> Gwaihir: ah yes I'd like to see that happening also

 17:14:55 <teolemon> there's been a recent focus on tacking the Software Centre Descriptions

 17:15:05 <teolemon> aka the DDTP

 17:15:06 <kelemengabor> no, we don't have milestones. there are things that need to be done at certain times in the release cycle (opening up translations, setting up langpack export&build, cleaning the import queue) but these are not formalized

 17:15:11 <teolemon> tackling

 17:15:13 <dholbach> hello teolemon

 17:15:24 <teolemon> hello dholbach

 17:16:28 <Gwaihir> teolemon, on that front, is there also coordination with upstream/Debian? they have their own set-up to handle that...

 17:16:29 <kelemengabor> Gwaihir: sure. but without organization and mentoring, they'd be doomed :)

 17:16:42 <dholbach> I'm not quite sure I understand it yet, but is the problem you're seeing that these notifications (with specific related tasks) are missing?

 17:17:11 <teolemon> DDTP on Debian side was down for a couple of months

 17:17:21 <kelemengabor> dholbach: what do you mean by notifications?

 17:17:31 <teolemon> and we were told there was some sync with Debian

 17:17:39 <teolemon> could never check if it was true

 17:17:50 <Gwaihir> kelemengabor, true, the wiki also needs to be cleaned up a little bit... :-/

 17:17:53 <kelemengabor> probably we should have a blueprint to keep these in order, but we don't

 17:18:01 <kelemengabor> have any

 17:18:25 <dholbach> kelemengabor, the way I imagined things, I thought that all the individual translations teams would need a heads-up about what needs to be translated at which time, etc

 17:18:25 <teolemon> but we've started using a semi-automated approach using Google Translator Kit and crowdsourcing to tackle the sheer amount of work

 17:18:27 <kelemengabor> Gwaihir: yes, the wiki needs a lot of love

 17:19:21 <kelemengabor> dholbach: I see. no, these are team-internal tasks, that need to be done once for all the languages.

 17:19:58 <kelemengabor> as per notifying teams, we have some announcements, but only a few

 17:20:12 <kelemengabor> usually, they keep an eye on the statistics page

 17:20:18 <kelemengabor> that tells everything

 17:20:25 <kelemengabor> (or should :))

 17:20:27 <dholbach> ok, that sounds like a good start already :)

 17:20:27 <teolemon> same here

 17:20:43 <teolemon> the statistics page was a way to motivate everybody

 17:20:55 <teolemon> even if it listed upstream packages

 17:21:01 <dholbach> is there some team internal discussions and exchange between the teams about what works well for them?

 17:21:09 <teolemon> which led to beginners retranslating upstream

 17:21:40 <kelemengabor> dholbach: there were, in the precise cycle, bi-weekly calls

 17:21:43 <teolemon> we're starting to do so, as we discover issues

 17:21:48 <teolemon> for instance

 17:21:48 <kelemengabor> not anymore, though

 17:22:07 <teolemon> we share the same hatred for the infamous launchpad timeout bug :-)

 17:22:10 <dholbach> would irc meetings maybe work better?

 17:22:29 <kelemengabor> and those worked well, so it would be good to resurrect those

 17:22:37 <czajkowski> teolemon: many of those timeout bugs are being fixed

 17:22:38 <kelemengabor> dholbach: it's not about the medium

 17:22:49 <teolemon> yes

 17:22:51 <dholbach> but somebody setting them up?

 17:23:04 <kelemengabor> exactly. that was dpm.

 17:23:41 <kelemengabor> also these were UTC meetings, so not open for everyone

 17:23:58 <dholbach> that's an obvious speciality of the translations world

 17:24:05 <dholbach> maybe it'd make sense to have rotating times

 17:24:15 <dholbach> and there I think (especially if you have many people), IRC might work better

 17:24:28 <kelemengabor> we talked about setting up stuff, making translators life easier...

 17:24:52 <kelemengabor> https://trello.com/board/translations-team/4f621c87861db54230b9ca39

 17:24:55 <kelemengabor> like this

 17:25:29 <teolemon> also, if those meetings could include some person related to Launchpad Translations

 17:25:49 <dholbach> maybe it'd be worth bringing up the idea of regular meetings on the team mailing list again

 17:25:54 <teolemon> i think it would help to integrate translations closer into software

 17:26:08 <dholbach> yes, and invite external people who should be able to help

 17:26:30 <kelemengabor> teolemon: maybe, but I heard that there is no dedicated LP Translations dev team anymore.

 17:26:42 <czajkowski> kelemengabor: that is true there isn't

 17:26:56 <teolemon> :-/

 17:26:58 <czajkowski> LP doesn't have dedicated teams, it has squads that work on different projects

 17:26:58 <dholbach> still it should be possible to get a representative every now and then, I guess :)

 17:27:11 <dholbach> like if there's something pressing

 17:27:14 <czajkowski> and there is a maintenance squad currently working on critical bugs

 17:28:45 <Gwaihir> dholbach, possible, but the only people I know that were really working on LP Translations, and are still somewhat around are Danilo and Jeroen

 17:28:46 <teolemon> I guess translation isn't something that fails in a spectacular way

 17:29:03 <kelemengabor> dholbach: on the regular meetings: we had some open meetings on IRC a few years ago, like Lucid-time... those were okay too

 17:29:44 <czajkowski> perhaps like dholbach suggests having regular meetings again may help bring the team together and get more interest in

 17:30:32 <kelemengabor> teolemon: not yet. but have you heard about the langpack update for Quantal?

 17:30:42 <kelemengabor> me neither. and this is a problem.

 17:30:54 <dholbach> well that certainly was insightful to me so far, but maybe we should have another meeting where we discuss things and find out together what we can do, but yes, I agree an internal team meeting to collect some ideas might be a good start

 17:30:55 <teolemon> nope

 17:31:01 <kelemengabor> that may escalate quickly... :(

 17:31:07 <cprofitt> is there a regular blog post from the translations team to planet?

 17:31:31 <teolemon> i don't know if the point was raised already

 17:31:37 <czajkowski> can you elaborate on "langpack update for Quantal?

 17:31:57 <teolemon> but the fact that david was shifted to applications is also scaring me a little bit

 17:32:02 <kelemengabor> cprofitt: dpm does posts about translations to the planet, but rarely

 17:32:04 <dholbach> czajkowski, feed updated translations into the stable quantal release

 17:32:10 <czajkowski> ah thanks dholbach

 17:32:48 <teolemon> we had some import issues before the release of quantal

 17:33:29 <cprofitt> kelemengabor: it sounds like the internal meeting is important to identify areas of need... and that a little exposure (planet) could help attract some new folks...

 17:33:47 <teolemon> and loads of tiny issues that need really good attention and knowledge of the merge process and all that stuff

 17:33:56 <kelemengabor> czajkowski: https://wiki.ubuntu.com/Translations/OneiricOcelot/ReleaseSchedule - we had this for Oneiric, but not for Precise or Quantal

 17:34:26 <kelemengabor> cprofitt: absolutely

 17:34:55 <teolemon> indeed

 17:35:02 <dholbach> to me it looks, like we should have another catch-up with the translations team, maybe after some internal discussion - what do you think? :)

 17:35:16 <kelemengabor> and we have this: https://wiki.ubuntu.com/Translations/LanguagePackUpdatesQA/LanguagePackUpdateScheduleTemplate

 17:35:35 <teolemon> listing all the bugs and pain points

 17:35:36 <kelemengabor> this is a well designed machinery, but it would need an operator

 17:35:38 <cprofitt> +1 dholbach

 17:35:45 <czajkowski> ah

 17:35:45 <teolemon> and ranking them by time lost

 17:35:51 <dholbach> kelemengabor, or a team of operators :)

 17:36:11 <czajkowski> so I do know for Precise there was some issues opening up Precise for translations which may have had an affect to the schedule

 17:36:32 <czajkowski> https://answers.launchpad.net/launchpad/+question/211651  this is now waiting for be ack'd as far as I can see for raring

 17:36:35 <kelemengabor> dholbach: sure. preferably of the kind that does not graduate or marry in a year :)

 17:37:14 <dholbach> there's always this thing called life around all the Ubuntu stuff :)

 17:37:52 <czajkowski> heh indeed

 17:38:03 <dholbach> I'll take an action to mail the translations team again about a new date in 2013

 17:38:11 <dholbach> we have no word back from the Forums Council, so we might have to reschedule them as well

 17:38:24 <cprofitt> yes, we should reschedule with them

 17:38:25 <kelemengabor> czajkowski: yep, that's it. assigned to dpm, but seems he does not have time...

 17:38:39 <teolemon> there's no intend to replace David's full time as translation coordinator/developper, right ?

 17:38:55 <czajkowski> kelemengabor: we/me can reassign it to another person to open up the raring translations

 17:39:02 <czajkowski> but we've not been asked to do so

 17:39:05 <trijntje> hi, just dropping in, I'd have to agree that we are a bit at a loss without dpm ;)

 17:39:44 <dholbach> I feel there's always going to be times like this, where you have a transition and you need to figure out what can be done to keep the train rolling.

 17:39:50 <czajkowski> nods

 17:39:54 <cprofitt> +1 dholbach

 17:40:02 <czajkowski> well was it explained what was happening so that a transition could be put in place?

 17:40:13 <dholbach> but a few of the things which were mentioned earlier could be done by a team of translators as well - like posting on planet for example

 17:40:18 <czajkowski> nods

 17:40:34 <dholbach> in fact it'd make things a bit more lively if there's posts from multiple people and teams rather than just one guy

 17:40:44 <czajkowski> dholbach: +1

 17:41:09 <dholbach> or organising a meeting

 17:41:21 <cprofitt> yes, it is good to see multiple people from teams...

 17:41:33 <dholbach> but I appreciate that losing a dedicated full-time person can be a shock

 17:41:55 <kelemengabor> czajkowski: can you reassign to the ubuntu-translations-coordinators team?

 17:41:59 <teolemon> especially on the technical side

 17:42:06 <teolemon> i'm not a developper

 17:42:09 <cprofitt> posting on the planet. I think it helps give people perspective and allows people to identify the effort as a true team effort... gives them more people to contact if they are interested too

 17:43:00 <dholbach> Do you feel that there's anything the CC could do to help? Apart from cloning David? :-)

 17:43:21 <teolemon> and implementing fuzzy in lp, fixing the timeout, opening raring early, making sure the upstream translations are imported quickly to avoid duplication and stuff like that requires technical mojo

 17:43:36 <dholbach> it's great we're having this discussion right now as I haven't heard much about the translations community in the last time and feel like I learned a lot

 17:44:03 <kelemengabor> teolemon: I think Santa is not here right now... :P

 17:44:13 <teolemon> lol

 17:44:18 <teolemon> :-)

 17:44:22 <czajkowski> kelemengabor: I can if that is what is the best thing to do

 17:44:22 <dholbach> haha

 17:45:20 <kelemengabor> dholbach: good question. I can't think of anything right now, maybe later. until then, please clone David :).

 17:45:37 * cprofitt looks for cloning instructions

 17:45:40 <czajkowski> teolemon: we;ve down to 170 critical bugs so hopefully they will be done soon in the new year

 17:45:42 <dholbach> haha, I'll make sure to get into the lab later on

 17:45:46 <teolemon> also wanted to point this out

 17:45:47 <teolemon> http://lite.framapad.org/p/ddtpUbuntu

 17:45:56 <teolemon> we've been starting this

 17:46:11 <teolemon> because we noticed people value translated descriptions better

 17:46:42 <dholbach> cool

 17:46:51 <teolemon> translations add a polished look

 17:47:04 <teolemon> and increase the perceived value of ubuntu

 17:47:13 <teolemon> both on the app side

 17:47:19 <teolemon> as well as on the doc side

 17:47:33 <teolemon> where normalized doc

 17:47:37 <teolemon> when translated

 17:47:44 <trijntje> also on the ddtp front: soon all packages will be sorted based on popcon, so translators can work on the descriptions of the most popular packages first without external tools

 17:47:46 <teolemon> saves a lot of time and ressources

 17:48:02 <czajkowski> I've changed the asignee of https://answers.launchpad.net/launchpad/+question/211651  to ~ubuntu-translations-coordinators

 17:48:24 <dholbach> Would it be OK for you to maybe have a think as a team and we get back together in the new year to spend some time brainstorming about what can be done and where the priorities should lie? That's at least something the CC could offer in terms of help.

 17:49:00 <trijntje> that would be nice

 17:49:23 <dholbach> all right, I'll take an action to mail the translations team and the forums council about a new date

 17:50:08 <teolemon> kelemengabor, trijntje: http://lite.framapad.org/p/ubuntutranslationscoordination

 17:50:11 <kelemengabor> dholbach: sure, we can have an IRC meeting to discuss what should/can be done and who is interested

 17:50:17 <teolemon> let's start right now ;-)

 17:50:40 <dholbach> kelemengabor, cool - I think that'd help lots - also to get a feel for priorities

 17:50:51 <dholbach> cprofitt, czajkowski, any more questions from you?

 17:51:37 <czajkowski> no I think it'll be good to hear from the team post xmas and maybe once thye've had a chance to think about things and how we can help

 17:51:40 <czajkowski> thanks for coming

 17:51:51 <dholbach> trijntje, teolemon, kelemengabor: thanks a lot for joining us here

 17:52:20 <dholbach> #topic Any other business?

 17:52:20 <trijntje> dholbach: sure, thanks for your time, happy holidays

 17:52:26 <dholbach> and the same to you :)

 17:52:31 <cprofitt> thanks to all for coming.

 17:52:32 <trijntje> (barring the end of the world ofc)

 17:52:33 <teolemon> thanks a lot

 17:53:21 <dholbach> I don't have any other business - our Trello looks in shape and there's nothing on the agenda page

 17:53:30 <dholbach> anyone else?

 17:53:43 <czajkowski> narp

 17:54:03 <czajkowski> Have a lovely Christmas folks :)

 17:54:07 <dholbach> all right, that's it then :)

 17:54:17 <dholbach> enjoy the holidays, have a great start into 2013

 17:54:25 <dholbach> and thanks for all the great work you all put into Ubuntu!

 17:54:27 <dholbach> big hugs!

 17:54:43 <dholbach> thanks everyone

 17:54:44 <dholbach> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)