#title #ubuntu-meeting Meeting

Meeting started by mdz at 20:02:54 UTC.  The full logs are available at
http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2012/ubuntu-meeting.2012-04-16-20.02.log.html
.



== Meeting summary ==

''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/TechnicalBoardAgenda   (mdz, 20:03:15)
''ACTION:'' mdz to follow up with Scott Lavender re: Ubuntu Studio and confirm there's no outstanding business  (mdz, 20:07:23)
''ACTION:'' mdz to update uds-organizers per jcastro's requests  (mdz, 20:07:32)



Meeting ended at 20:12:55 UTC.



== Votes ==




== Action items ==

 * mdz to follow up with Scott Lavender re: Ubuntu Studio and confirm there's no outstanding business
 * mdz to update uds-organizers per jcastro's requests



== Action items, by person ==

 * mdz
 ** mdz to follow up with Scott Lavender re: Ubuntu Studio and confirm there's no outstanding business
 ** mdz to update uds-organizers per jcastro's requests



== People present (lines said) ==

 * mdz (27)
 * pitti (8)
 * stgraber (6)
 * soren (5)
 * meetingology (5)



== Full Log ==


 20:02:54 <mdz> #startmeeting

 20:02:54 <meetingology> Meeting started Mon Apr 16 20:02:54 2012 UTC.  The chair is mdz. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 20:02:54 <meetingology> 

 20:02:54 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 20:03:12 <mdz> the agenda is pretty, er, limited anyway :-)

 20:03:15 <mdz> #link https://wiki.ubuntu.com/TechnicalBoardAgenda

 20:04:20 <pitti> ah, indeed; /me checks mail backlog

 20:04:48 <mdz> Ubuntu Studio was resolved at the previous meeting, right?

 20:04:48 <pitti> was UbuntuStudio LTS plan proposal already discussed?

 20:04:51 <pitti> I see no reply

 20:04:59 <mdz> it's mentioned in https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-devel-announce/2012-April/000951.html

 20:04:59 <pitti> mdz: snap :)

 20:05:27 <mdz> but I can't tell if anyone followed up with Scott Lavender

 20:05:33 <mdz> I'll drop a note just to be sure

 20:05:49 <mdz> the only other thing I see is this: https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/technical-board/2012-April/001239.html

 20:05:59 <pitti> Subject: Kubuntu Future from Riddell

 20:06:04 <pitti> but that was for last meeting

 20:06:06 <pitti> Riddell: here by chance?

 20:06:08 <mdz> yep

 20:06:13 <mdz> was discussed https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-devel-announce/2012-April/000951.html

 20:06:26 <pitti> I think it was moderated way too late for the last meeting

 20:06:49 <mdz> the UDS organizers changes don't appear to have been done

 20:07:04 <mdz> TB is the admin, so I'll do it

 20:07:23 <mdz> #action mdz to follow up with Scott Lavender re: Ubuntu Studio and confirm there's no outstanding business

 20:07:23 * meetingology mdz to follow up with Scott Lavender re: Ubuntu Studio and confirm there's no outstanding business

 20:07:32 <mdz> #action mdz to update uds-organizers per jcastro's requests

 20:07:32 * meetingology mdz to update uds-organizers per jcastro's requests

 20:08:07 * stgraber waves

 20:08:10 <mdz> oh hi stgraber

 20:08:18 <mdz> stgraber, thanks for chairing last time btw

 20:08:56 <stgraber> (sorry, currently in Europe and wiki said 21:00 UTC, so got a bit confused by meeting time ;))

 20:09:02 <stgraber> mdz: np

 20:09:09 <mdz> stgraber, yes, we were confused too and made a quick consensus decision to have it now :-)

 20:09:32 <mdz> stgraber, since you were here last time, can you recall if there is any outstanding business on either of the topics in https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-devel-announce/2012-April/000951.html ?

 20:09:35 <stgraber> oh right, just saw the discussion in #ubuntu-devel now :)

 20:09:54 <mdz> are they "done done"?

 20:10:04 <stgraber> they're both done done

 20:10:07 <mdz> cool

 20:10:11 <mdz> #unaction mdz ;-)

 20:10:23 <mdz> I haven't heard any more agenda items, so I think we're done

 20:10:59 <mdz> soren, can you chair next time?

 20:11:09 <soren> Hm..

 20:11:15 <soren> That's...the week before UDS, right?

 20:11:25 <stgraber> yeah, it's

 20:11:29 <mdz> 4/30

 20:11:37 * soren is waiting for his calendar to load..

 20:11:40 <mdz> I probably will not be able to attend due to travel

 20:12:04 <soren> Looks free, so yes.

 20:12:09 <soren> Shouldn't be a problem.

 20:12:52 <mdz> cool

 20:12:55 <mdz> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)