#title #ubuntu-meeting Meeting

Meeting started by NCommander at 15:00:52 UTC.  The full logs are
available at
http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2012/ubuntu-meeting.2012-01-05-15.00.log.html
.



== Meeting summary ==

''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ARM/Meeting/2012/20120105   (NCommander, 15:01:26)
''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ARM/Meeting/2011/20120105   (NCommander, 15:03:31)
 *rsalveti to kick someone to fix bug 838200

 *rsalveti to track the gles driver status for armhf for the vendors we support

 *jcrigby to update the mx53 kernel
''ACTION:'' jcrigby to update the mx53 kernel  (NCommander, 15:08:25)
''ACTION:'' jcrigby to update the mx53 kernel (c/o)  (NCommander, 15:08:31)

 *Stanidng Items

 *http://status.ubuntu.com/ubuntu-precise/ubuntu-arm.html
''ACTION:'' NCommander to track dependency SNAFU on status tracker and remove non-ARM specs  (NCommander, 15:11:54)

 *ARM Server Status (NCommander, Daviey)

 *Kernel Status (cooloney, ppisati)

 *ARM Porting/FTBFS status (NCommander, janimo)

 *ARM Hardfloat status (infinity)

 *ARM Image Status (ogra, NCommander)

 *QA Status (GrueMaster, mahmoh)

 *Linaro Updates (rsalveti)
''LINK:'' https://launchpad.net/linaro-dev-platform/+milestone/12.01   (rsalveti, 15:29:06)
''ACTION:'' ogra + rsalveti to kill x-loader with fire  (NCommander, 15:31:26)

 *AOB



Meeting ended at 15:40:46 UTC.



== Votes ==




== Action items ==

 * jcrigby to update the mx53 kernel
 * jcrigby to update the mx53 kernel (c/o)
 * NCommander to track dependency SNAFU on status tracker and remove non-ARM specs
 * ogra + rsalveti to kill x-loader with fire



== Action items, by person ==

 * NCommander
 ** NCommander to track dependency SNAFU on status tracker and remove non-ARM specs
 * rsalveti
 ** ogra + rsalveti to kill x-loader with fire
* **UNASSIGNED**
 ** jcrigby to update the mx53 kernel
 ** jcrigby to update the mx53 kernel (c/o)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * ogra_ (86)
 * NCommander (79)
 * rsalveti (41)
 * janimo (29)
 * GrueMaster (27)
 * meetingology (7)
 * rbasak (5)
 * Riddell (2)
 * davidm (2)
 * pgraner (1)
 * mrjazzcat (1)
 * ubottu (1)
 * cmagina (1)
 * mahmoh (1)



== Full Log ==


 15:00:52 <NCommander> #startmeeting

 15:00:52 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Jan  5 15:00:52 2012 UTC.  The chair is NCommander. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/AlanBell/mootbot.

 15:00:52 <meetingology> 

 15:00:52 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 15:01:12 * davidm waves

 15:01:15 <janimo> hi

 15:01:24 * mrjazzcat waves

 15:01:26 <NCommander> [link] https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ARM/Meeting/2012/20120105

 15:02:13 <NCommander> who's here?

 15:02:16 <mahmoh> hi

 15:02:17 <rbasak> o/

 15:02:29 * NCommander fixes the wikipage

 15:02:35 <NCommander> sorry, I put the actual page under 2011

 15:03:15 <NCommander> ugh A page with the name 'ARM/Meeting/2012/20120105' already exists. Try a different name.

 15:03:21 <NCommander> I'll fix it after the meeting

 15:03:31 <NCommander> [link] https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ARM/Meeting/2011/20120105

 15:03:46 * cmagina waves

 15:04:14 <NCommander> so, action items

 15:04:28 <NCommander> [topic] rsalveti to kick someone to fix bug 838200

 15:04:30 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 838200 in u-boot-linaro (Ubuntu Precise) "No network support on Beagle XM" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/838200

 15:04:57 <rsalveti> still in progress, people starting to work just now

 15:05:29 <NCommander> k

 15:05:36 <NCommander> [topic] rsalveti to track the gles driver status for armhf for the vendors we support

 15:05:48 <rsalveti> ti is working on getting the armhf driver available

 15:05:53 <NCommander> yay

 15:05:55 <rsalveti> other vendors are also aware already

 15:06:03 <rsalveti> but at least ti should make it available soon :-)

 15:06:23 <NCommander> please keep us appraised of teh armhf gles drivers

 15:06:29 <NCommander> ^- as the cycle continues

 15:06:38 <rsalveti> sure :-)

 15:06:40 <rsalveti> happy to do

 15:06:43 <NCommander> [topic] jcrigby to update the mx53 kernel

 15:08:11 * NCommander realizes we have no jcrigby

 15:08:13 <NCommander> Moving on

 15:08:25 <NCommander> [action] jcrigby to update the mx53 kernel

 15:08:25 * meetingology jcrigby to update the mx53 kernel

 15:08:31 <NCommander> [action] jcrigby to update the mx53 kernel (c/o)

 15:08:31 * meetingology jcrigby to update the mx53 kernel (c/o)

 15:08:45 <NCommander> [topic] Stanidng Items

 15:08:49 <NCommander> [topic] http://status.ubuntu.com/ubuntu-precise/ubuntu-arm.html

 15:10:02 <GrueMaster> Status page still has workitems and people not associated with arm.

 15:10:33 <NCommander> Due to the Christmas shutdown there hasn't been too much progress

 15:11:33 <NCommander> Also looks like someone caused one of our specs to pull in the entire release

 15:11:54 <NCommander> [action] NCommander to track dependency SNAFU on status tracker and remove non-ARM specs

 15:11:54 * meetingology NCommander to track dependency SNAFU on status tracker and remove non-ARM specs

 15:12:04 <NCommander> [topic] ARM Server Status (NCommander, Daviey)

 15:12:10 <NCommander> DEPWAIT hardware

 15:12:18 <NCommander> Not much to say beyond that :-/

 15:12:23 <rbasak> Nothing to report from the server end afaik

 15:12:24 <GrueMaster> I think part of the problem is everything is now linked to topic-precise-release-lts.

 15:12:40 <rbasak> GrueMaster: AIUI, a server install on a panda continues to work?

 15:13:03 <GrueMaster> rbasak: I do them almost daily.

 15:13:19 <GrueMaster> (Not every load, but netinstall and some testing).

 15:13:29 <rbasak> and do they work? :)

 15:13:45 <GrueMaster> I am working to automate all the manual tests I ran last cycle.

 15:13:47 <ogra_> grmbl, sorry for being late ... connection probs

 15:14:09 <GrueMaster> rbasak: I haven't had issues yet.

 15:14:14 <rbasak> excellent!

 15:14:49 <NCommander> [topic] Kernel Status (cooloney, ppisati)

 15:14:57 <GrueMaster> Although almost nothing is automated in a way I can use.

 15:15:04 * ogra_ had a word on specs but missed that bit .... we are supposed to pick the specs we will work on at the sprint in advance

 15:15:16 <ogra_> (can probably do that in AOB)

 15:15:48 <NCommander> ppisati: ping?

 15:15:53 * NCommander notes we have no cooloney

 15:16:08 <ogra_> he mailed

 15:16:16 <ogra_> vacation this week

 15:16:27 <NCommander> Oh, oops

 15:16:34 <ogra_> iirc at least

 15:16:35 <janimo> new ac100 uploads for both oneiric and precise

 15:16:40 <NCommander> thanks ogra

 15:16:43 <NCommander> [topic] ARM Porting/FTBFS status (NCommander, janimo)

 15:16:45 <janimo> with mmap fixes, and 3.0 kernel in precise

 15:16:46 <ogra_> janimo, tested already ?

 15:16:51 <janimo> ogra_, yes

 15:16:54 <ogra_> yay

 15:16:56 <GrueMaster> Yea, something about doing something with his wife?  (And I thought he was dedicated to us).

 15:16:59 <ogra_> well, ftbfs ...

 15:17:09 <ogra_> someone needs to do the testbuild of libreoffice

 15:17:18 * NCommander runs through the nearest wall in horror

 15:17:19 <janimo> no progress here on my side, still have libo to tackle soon

 15:17:21 <ogra_> i guess thats a good task for the sprint

 15:17:31 <ogra_> so we can spread the load a bit

 15:17:41 <ogra_> instead of having NCommander do it all alone as usual ;)

 15:17:43 <janimo> I still haven;t switched my panda to armhf but it is next step on the list

 15:18:03 * NCommander whimpers

 15:18:10 <ogra_> the LibO bug seems to have a patch that just hasnt been tested yet

 15:18:18 <ogra_> and will need a build

 15:18:20 <NCommander> I still haven't recovered from the last time I tangled with the beast

 15:18:20 <GrueMaster> janimo: USB drive with two partitions.

 15:18:23 <janimo> ogra_, very likely, or needs some newish patch

 15:18:35 <ogra_> beyond that we should see that we get the above 200 universe ftbfs fixed

 15:18:53 <janimo> GrueMaster, yeah, I just wish we had a live installer to tell it to install to the usb disk :)

 15:18:56 * GrueMaster notes that he has a 5s lag to freenode.

 15:18:58 <janimo> doable otherwise just noot fun

 15:19:08 <ogra_> i have taken a look over the logs and many are changed in the gthread lib it seems

 15:19:11 <GrueMaster> janimo: netinstall.

 15:19:23 <ogra_> should be easy to develop a general reciepe for these

 15:19:33 <janimo> GrueMaster, hmm will ask you more after the meeting then. Never did one of those, not even on x86

 15:19:47 <GrueMaster> kk

 15:19:48 <ogra_> janimo, do it at the sprint ;)

 15:20:01 <ogra_> surely easier to do face to face

 15:20:06 <janimo> yes, makes sense. Cause then I can also buy I bear :)

 15:20:14 <ogra_> yay, bears

 15:20:18 <janimo> one beer

 15:20:20 * ogra_ likes bears :)

 15:20:24 * GrueMaster doesn't dreak bear.

 15:20:24 <NCommander> janimo: I didn't know they sold bears in Romania

 15:20:38 <ogra_> they surely do ... more than anywhere else

 15:20:41 <janimo> NCommander, well sprint is in Hungary so there may be a small chance

 15:20:44 <GrueMaster> bah.  janimo's keyboard issue has affected me too.

 15:20:47 <ogra_> nothing from me on the topic anymore

 15:21:02 <NCommander> [topic] ARM Hardfloat status (infinity)

 15:21:11 <janimo> GrueMaster, not a keyboard issue unfortunately. Wetware malfunction

 15:21:17 <ogra_> didnt we decide to drop that last meeting ?

 15:21:22 <ogra_> move on :)

 15:21:27 <janimo> wow we drop armhf. nice

 15:21:31 <janimo> :P

 15:21:34 <ogra_> heh, only the topic

 15:21:40 <NCommander> Nice, so much free time now with no hf

 15:21:41 * NCommander ducks

 15:21:43 <NCommander> [topic] ARM Image Status (ogra, NCommander)

 15:21:51 <ogra_> failed today ....

 15:22:00 <ogra_> thanks to chinese langpacks

 15:22:20 <ogra_> if they build tomorrow, i will not assume an asian conspiracy :)

 15:22:31 <ogra_> nothing else from me

 15:22:38 <NCommander> [topic] QA Status (GrueMaster, mahmoh)

 15:22:47 <ogra_> oh, someone should tell kubuntu to drop LibO from their seeds

 15:22:55 <NCommander> ScottK: ^

 15:22:57 <ogra_> if they want images at some point ;)

 15:22:59 <NCommander> ogra_: done

 15:23:02 <ogra_> heh

 15:23:09 <GrueMaster> I am seeing some issues with the QRT lately that I am tracking down.

 15:23:55 <GrueMaster> Some of the tests (mainly the nx tests) are producing random results.  In 1000 executions, 150 fail.

 15:24:18 <ogra_> is that something we could help you with during the sprint ?

 15:24:24 <NCommander> do we actually support NX support on ARM?

 15:24:37 <GrueMaster> I am working with kees, but it may be a kernel thing.

 15:24:49 <ogra_> yeah, we might miss a patch or so

 15:24:56 <GrueMaster> I was told we do.

 15:24:57 <ogra_> iirc the NX patch was big and ugly

 15:25:07 <ogra_> and in several chunks

 15:25:15 <NCommander> We'll kidnap a kernel engineer and hold him hostiage in our room at the sprint

 15:25:21 <ogra_> yeah

 15:25:25 * ogra_ looks at ppisati

 15:25:28 <ogra_> :)

 15:25:35 * NCommander wonders what we can get for ransom

 15:25:56 <Riddell> ogra_: hmm?

 15:26:01 <GrueMaster> Not sure.  How much does pgraner value his crew?

 15:26:16 <ogra_> its not his crew atm, its tims

 15:26:32 <NCommander> Regardless, I think its just a matter of beer

 15:26:36 <janimo> Let's put beertraps in our sprint room. Kernel team likes beer, they will be lured

 15:26:38 <GrueMaster> So...not very much then.

 15:26:44 <ogra_> Riddell, your arm images fail regulary, you should temporary remove LibO from your seeds for the arm builds

 15:26:47 <janimo> everyone please notice the clever pun above

 15:26:58 <ogra_> haha

 15:27:07 <Riddell> ogra_: that's a known problem with libreoffice?

 15:27:08 <NCommander> janimo: if we put beer taps in our room, admittly, team moral will be very hihg

 15:27:16 <NCommander> Team productivity; not so much

 15:27:18 <ogra_> Riddell, it doesnt build on armhf atm

 15:27:32 <ogra_> NCommander, depends on what you want to produce

 15:27:34 <ogra_> ;)

 15:27:35 <janimo> but if we reach ballmer peak we may get both

 15:27:42 <NCommander> Riddell: you are suggesting that libreoffice doesn't have a problem

 15:27:53 <NCommander> ogra_: thanks, I needed to be squicked out this early in the morning

 15:27:54 <janimo> that statement is always false

 15:27:57 <pgraner> ogra_, still my crew, tim is my henchman

 15:28:00 * NCommander needs brainbleach

 15:28:02 <ogra_> for producing reverse eaten lunch beer taps are great :)

 15:28:07 <ogra_> pgraner, oh, sorry

 15:28:29 <ogra_> move ?

 15:28:43 <NCommander> [topic] Linaro Updates (rsalveti)

 15:29:06 <rsalveti> https://launchpad.net/linaro-dev-platform/+milestone/12.01

 15:29:13 <rsalveti> this is the stuff we're planning for this cycle

 15:29:26 <rsalveti> 2 thing that should affect ubuntu quite soon

 15:29:37 <rsalveti> newer u-boot-linaro and armhf packages for all linaro stuff

 15:29:46 <rsalveti> newer u-boot-linaro supports SPL for omap 3

 15:29:54 <janimo> rsalveti, is omap3 getting SPL this Ubuntu cycle?

 15:29:56 <rsalveti> so we'd need the same transition as we did for omap 4

 15:30:01 <janimo> ah, beta me to it :)

 15:30:04 <janimo> beat

 15:30:04 * NCommander winces

 15:30:05 <rsalveti> janimo: we have it already, done by upstream

 15:30:08 <rsalveti> :-)

 15:30:10 <janimo> great

 15:30:28 <rsalveti> jcrigby is sick today, but he should be back soon

 15:30:35 <rsalveti> and will work on pushing this stuff forward

 15:30:43 <rsalveti> who should we ping before updating u-boot?

 15:30:53 <GrueMaster> me

 15:30:53 <NCommander> rsalveti: myself or ogra

 15:30:56 <rsalveti> to update the omap3 images to use SPL instead of X-Loader?

 15:30:57 <NCommander> or GrueMaster

 15:31:05 * ogra_ is happy to take that one

 15:31:18 <rsalveti> great, everybody wants to kill x-loader ;-)

 15:31:20 <GrueMaster> I want to make sure it is tested before we kill kittens.

 15:31:20 <rsalveti> poor package

 15:31:20 <ogra_> what about the mx5 kernel ?

 15:31:26 <NCommander> [action] ogra + rsalveti to kill x-loader with fire

 15:31:26 * meetingology ogra + rsalveti to kill x-loader with fire

 15:31:32 <ogra_> :)

 15:31:39 <rsalveti> ogra_: also coming with the other armhf updates we need to push

 15:31:43 <rsalveti> we have a blueprint for that now

 15:31:45 <ogra_> k

 15:31:47 <rsalveti> to make sure we work on it asap

 15:31:49 <janimo> rsalveti, is the new uboot packaged and imported in linaro git already?

 15:31:51 <NCommander> rsalveti: will you be at budapest?

 15:31:56 <janimo> in ppa I mean

 15:32:01 <ogra_> NCommander, nobody will

 15:32:12 <ogra_> NCommander, as nobody from us will be in sanfrancisco

 15:32:14 <NCommander> Oh good, that means I can stay home

 15:32:16 <rsalveti> janimo: yes, you can test by simply installing the package available at our overlay

 15:32:17 <NCommander> :-)

 15:32:20 <janimo> nice

 15:32:22 <rsalveti> NCommander: unfortunately, no

 15:32:29 <rsalveti> nobody?

 15:32:31 <rsalveti> that's bad :-(

 15:32:36 <ogra_> well, nobody from linaro

 15:32:37 <rsalveti> we should have at least one engineer there

 15:32:38 <ogra_> :)

 15:32:44 <rsalveti> at connect

 15:32:45 <NCommander> rsalveti: I'll take it as a company sponsored mileage run :-P

 15:32:51 <ogra_> i was told lool might come though

 15:32:52 <NCommander> if no one will be there

 15:32:56 <ogra_> but that wasnt sure

 15:33:08 <ogra_> or finalized

 15:33:12 <rsalveti> yeah, still to be decided I believe

 15:33:18 <rsalveti> but don't hope anyone from linaro there

 15:33:26 <ogra_> right

 15:33:30 <rsalveti> but we should try to at least get someone at connect

 15:33:32 <rsalveti> from ubuntu arm

 15:33:37 <rsalveti> an engineer

 15:33:40 <ogra_> for the ubity merge i would really have preferred it

 15:33:44 <NCommander> Where's connect? SFO?

 15:33:48 <NCommander> (and when?)

 15:33:49 <ogra_> *unity

 15:33:50 <rsalveti> NCommander: yup

 15:33:52 <davidm> NCommander, yes

 15:33:57 <NCommander> cool

 15:34:07 <janimo> NCommander, not making too many miles off that flight from Portland

 15:34:09 <ogra_> NCommander, no travel approval for any of us yet

 15:34:14 <rsalveti> ogra_: yup, but travis is kind of away I believe, and things are starting to land

 15:34:17 <NCommander> janimo: I'd actually drive instead of fly for that one

 15:34:22 <rsalveti> so I expect things available quite soon

 15:34:30 <ogra_> yeah

 15:34:30 <NCommander> Getting around SFO is annoying without a car

 15:34:33 <rsalveti> at least after the discussion we had yesterday

 15:34:39 <ogra_> i see stuff happening atm

 15:34:48 <rsalveti> yup

 15:35:03 <ogra_> hopefully getting finished during next week :)

 15:35:12 <rsalveti> hopefully :D

 15:35:19 <rsalveti> that's the most important topics from my side

 15:35:24 <ogra_> only took us 2 years :P

 15:35:36 <janimo> rsalveti, thanks for the updates :)

 15:35:43 <ogra_> NCommander, move :)

 15:36:20 <NCommander> [topic] AOB

 15:36:24 <GrueMaster> win32-image-writer has received several much needed updates over the holidays.

 15:36:30 <ogra_> awesome

 15:36:39 <ogra_> there were plenty people having issues with it

 15:36:43 <ogra_> in #pandaboard

 15:37:00 <ogra_> somehow it seems to have produced unbootable images

 15:37:05 <GrueMaster> Yes, I know.  I get flooded with emails from people that want fixes.

 15:37:19 <GrueMaster> It had issues with SD >2G.

 15:37:24 <ogra_> ah

 15:37:37 * ogra_ has an AOb topic too ...

 15:37:46 <GrueMaster> Wonderful Windows documentation.

 15:37:55 <ogra_> please select the specs you will work on durign the sprint and let me know which they are :)

 15:38:02 <ogra_> *during

 15:38:23 <ogra_> and i have another AOB topic ...

 15:38:34 <NCommander> ogra_: mine is completely dependent on HW arriving by time the sprint arrives

 15:38:45 <ogra_> the weekly reports please dont go on the wiki anymore but by mail to david

 15:38:51 <NCommander> k

 15:39:12 <ogra_> NCommander, well, the server team told me there are a bunch of specs they could need help on that arent HW dependent

 15:39:18 <ogra_> lets talk to them at the sprint

 15:39:35 <ogra_> thats all from my side

 15:39:52 <NCommander> I think that's everything

 15:39:55 <GrueMaster> And there is plenty of test automation work for anyone (hint hint) to help with.

 15:39:57 <NCommander> Anyone else or can I close

 15:40:06 <NCommander> going once

 15:40:07 <NCommander> twice

 15:40:09 <ogra_> GrueMaster, yeah, just drop the issues on our laps

 15:40:28 <NCommander> ogra_: that's an unfortunate choice of words

 15:40:28 <ogra_> ..

 15:40:35 <ogra_> heh

 15:40:44 <NCommander> anyway

 15:40:46 <NCommander> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/AlanBell/mootbot)