#title #ubuntu-meeting Meeting

Meeting started by skaet at 16:00:37 UTC.  The full logs are available
at
http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2012/ubuntu-meeting.2012-03-09-16.00.log.html
.



== Meeting summary ==

 *Release general overview - skaet
''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ReleaseTeam/Meeting/2012-03-09   (skaet, 16:01:15)

 *Question and Answer Session
''LINK:'' https://code.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-cdimage/debian-cd/ubuntu   (Daviey, 16:35:39)



Meeting ended at 16:43:49 UTC.



== Votes ==




== Action items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * skaet (101)
 * Daviey (37)
 * cjwatson (22)
 * pitti (19)
 * Riddell (16)
 * Cimi (12)
 * ScottK (10)
 * arosales (8)
 * stgraber (8)
 * ogra_ (7)
 * ubottu (6)
 * gilir (5)
 * dbarth (4)
 * meetingology (3)
 * jdstrand (3)
 * fabo (2)
 * mdeslaur (1)
 * highvoltage (1)



== Full Log ==


 16:00:37 <skaet> #startmeeting

 16:00:37 <meetingology> Meeting started Fri Mar  9 16:00:37 2012 UTC.  The chair is skaet. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:00:37 <meetingology> 

 16:00:37 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 16:00:48 <highvoltage> bonjour

 16:01:15 <skaet> [TOPIC] Release general overview - skaet

 16:01:15 <skaet> Please remember to .. when you're done, and o/ if you want us to pause. :)

 16:01:15 <skaet> Agenda can be found:

 16:01:15 <skaet> #link https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ReleaseTeam/Meeting/2012-03-09

 16:01:15 <skaet> Individual team status links will be added to it from:

 16:01:15 <skaet> #link https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-March/thread.html

 16:01:19 <skaet> .

 16:01:21 <skaet> Schedule is at:

 16:01:23 <skaet> #link https://wiki.ubuntu.com/PrecisePangolin/ReleaseSchedule

 16:01:25 <skaet> #link http://fridge.ubuntu.com/calendars/ubuntu-release-calendar/

 16:01:27 <skaet> .

 16:01:35 <skaet> Thank you for your help getting Beta 1 out the door!

 16:01:36 <skaet> We remain in UserInterfaceFreeze and FeatureFreeze.

 16:01:36 <skaet> .

 16:01:36 <skaet> Upcoming Dates:

 16:01:37 <skaet> � 2012/03/22 - Beta Freeze at 2100 UTC

 16:01:39 <skaet> � 2012/03/22 - DocumentationStringFreeze at 2100 UTC

 16:01:41 <skaet> � 2012/03/29 - Beta 2

 16:01:43 <skaet> .

 16:01:45 <skaet> Bugs committed to be fixed by the engineering teams can be found:

 16:01:49 <skaet> #link http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/kernel-bugs/reports/rls-p-tracking-bugs.html

 16:01:51 <skaet> Bugs that you would like the engineering teams to consider for fixing, should be assigned to specific teams, so they can be found.

 16:01:54 <skaet> .

 16:01:56 <skaet> Individual Team Statuses Received by 1500 UTC:

 16:01:58 <skaet> Hardware Certification - https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-March/000922.html- ara

 16:02:01 <skaet> Quality Assurance -  https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-March/000916.html - jibel

 16:02:04 <skaet> Security team  - https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-March/000926.html - mdeslaur

 16:02:07 <skaet> Kernel team - https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-March/000917.html - ogasawara

 16:02:09 <skaet> Foundations - https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-March/000928.html-  cjwatson

 16:02:11 <skaet> Server - https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-March/000919.html- arosales

 16:02:13 <skaet> Linaro - no update received  - fabo

 16:02:15 <skaet> Ubuntu One - https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-March/000927.html -  joshuahoover

 16:02:20 <skaet> Desktop Team - https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-March/000920.html - pitti

 16:02:22 <skaet> Unity Framework Team - https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-March/000925.html - dbarth

 16:02:25 <skaet> Unity Services and Settings - https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-March/000923.html - Cimi

 16:02:28 <skaet> Kubuntu https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-March/000932.html- Riddell

 16:02:30 <skaet> Edubuntu https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-March/000918.html- stgraber or highvoltage

 16:02:33 <skaet> Xubuntu - no update received - madnick

 16:02:35 <skaet> Ubuntu Studio - https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-March/000931.html - scott-work

 16:02:38 <skaet> Lubuntu  - https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-March/000929.html - gilir

 16:02:40 <skaet> Mythbu

 16:02:42 <skaet> hmm... looks like I hit a buffer limit there.  getting the rest..

 16:02:44 <skaet> Mythbuntu - no update received - superm1

 16:02:48 <skaet> .

 16:02:50 <skaet> [TOPIC] Question and Answer Session

 16:02:55 <fabo> skaet: https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-March/000935.html

 16:03:03 <skaet> thanks fabo.   :)

 16:03:25 <fabo> xubuntu: https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-March/000937.html

 16:03:38 <skaet> I'll start it off with first question,  anyone have questions about the format for this week?

 16:03:47 * dbarth waves

 16:04:12 <pitti> shoudl be quite a bit faster this way

 16:04:19 <pitti> and also encourages people to send detailled reports in time

 16:04:32 <skaet> :)  am hoping so.

 16:04:39 <skaet> ..

 16:04:41 <pitti> o/

 16:04:43 <cjwatson> o/

 16:04:44 <skaet> go pitti

 16:04:59 <pitti> does anyone know the status of packaging the lightdm greeter? micahg, gilir?

 16:05:21 <Riddell> working great here, we are using it in kubuntu active

 16:05:26 <gilir> pitti, I know micahg was working on it, no news since some days

 16:05:27 <Riddell> presumably you mean a gtk greeter

 16:05:55 <pitti> yes, lightdm-gtk-greeter

 16:06:01 <pitti> it's been NBS for months now

 16:06:09 <pitti> or one month -- at least way longer than it ought to be

 16:06:17 <gilir> pitti, he's busy, I can finish the work next week

 16:06:19 <cjwatson> right, that's been bothering me too

 16:06:23 <gilir> (if he is busy)

 16:06:44 <gilir> just need to know if he is close to upload :)

 16:06:50 <pitti> ..

 16:06:52 <skaet> o/ (me queueing up for after cjwatson ;) )

 16:06:57 <skaet> cjwatson go..

 16:07:05 <Riddell> o/

 16:07:11 <Daviey> o/

 16:07:24 <gilir> ..

 16:07:30 <cjwatson> Riddell: could somebody from Kubuntu have a look at Steve's proposed fix for bug 901638 and make sure it actually works?  we'd like to clear this bug out of the way

 16:07:33 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 901638 in soprano (Ubuntu Precise) "Remove iodbc2 (causes upgrade failure from Oneiric to Precise)" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/901638

 16:07:33 <cjwatson> ..

 16:07:33 <pitti> . o O { meeting bot should have a #next function }

 16:08:00 <Riddell> cjwatson: can do, probably not today though but monday sure

 16:08:11 <cjwatson> great, thank you

 16:08:28 * skaet thinks that #next would be useful here too... hmmm

 16:08:55 <skaet> .. ?

 16:09:00 <cjwatson> yes

 16:09:06 <skaet> pitti,  in Cimi's update, there are some features he's asking if a FFe is needed for,  some of them strike me as cleanup/logical extensions of an approved feature - what do you think?

 16:09:06 <skaet> * GMenuModel support in HUD/Appmenus

 16:09:06 <skaet> - https://bugs.launchpad.net/indicator-appmenu/+bug/924007

 16:09:06 <skaet> * Improved support for XUL applications

 16:09:06 <skaet> - https://bugs.launchpad.net/indicator-appmenu/+bug/921231

 16:09:09 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 924007 in Application Menu Indicator "Add GMenuModel support to HUD" [High,Fix committed]

 16:09:10 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 921231 in Application Menu Indicator "XUL Applications don't show up in HUD" [High,Confirmed]

 16:09:32 <skaet> ..

 16:09:36 <pitti> skaet: will look at the bugs and answer there, to do this async

 16:09:39 <pitti> ..

 16:09:44 <Cimi> hx

 16:09:44 <skaet> thanks pitti.

 16:09:46 <skaet> ..

 16:09:48 <pitti> neither of them are FFEs

 16:09:51 <skaet> Riddell go

 16:09:59 <Riddell> actually just a statement

 16:10:05 <Riddell> I have a pandboard that works now..

 16:10:13 <ogra_> \o/

 16:10:13 <skaet> \o/  :)

 16:10:15 <Riddell> but it only works on oneiric, precise images don't work

 16:10:25 <Riddell> so more debugging needed with ogra_ and his friends :)

 16:10:34 <ogra_> :)

 16:10:39 <ogra_> you know where to find me

 16:10:40 <Riddell> oh I had another question

 16:10:41 <ogra_> ..

 16:10:51 <Riddell> how was Beta 1 for everyone?

 16:11:34 <stgraber> pretty good, besides the manual partitioning exploding because of gtk/atk/... it seems to have worked quite nicely (from an Ubuntu and Edubuntu point of view)

 16:11:37 <stgraber> ..

 16:12:31 <skaet> Mythbuntu got hit with the API change that lubuntu worked around.  :(

 16:12:31 <Riddell> groovy, appologies to those flavours I randomly deleted packages from, thanks to micahg and others for fixing that

 16:12:34 <pitti> Riddell: you did a fine job keeping up with the steps and all the images

 16:12:58 <skaet> Riddell,   +1  - thanks for all your help last week.  :)

 16:13:41 <Riddell> ..

 16:13:56 <skaet> o/

 16:13:58 <skaet> Daviey go

 16:14:04 <Daviey> Hey!

 16:14:14 <Daviey> I'd like to consider bug 950936

 16:14:16 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 950936 in qemu-kvm (Ubuntu) "[FFe] Expose VMX through default CPU type, if host CPU supports it, to support nested virt on Intel" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/950936

 16:14:28 <Daviey> i'd like hallyn's input, but wondered if anyone else was nervous about it

 16:14:53 <skaet> Daviey, yeah, I fall into the camp of a bit nervous.

 16:15:47 <Daviey> EOM

 16:15:52 <Daviey> ..

 16:16:12 <skaet> would need to know more info though.  seems an area for suprises - what sort of testing has been done on it already?

 16:16:15 <skaet> ..

 16:16:28 <stgraber> it's not going to break anything by default at least and it sounds a bit weird turning on nesting in kvm and not exposing the flag to the guests

 16:16:44 <stgraber> (as in, kvm simply doesn't work in VMs on intel at the moment, so can't go a lot worse)

 16:16:47 <stgraber> ..

 16:16:50 <Daviey> stgraber: right, upstream has it enabled for SVM, but not VMX

 16:17:02 <Daviey> stgraber: it doesn't?!

 16:17:05 <skaet> stgraber, heh,  didn't realize that.

 16:17:16 <Daviey> oh, kvm you mean

 16:17:17 <Daviey> right

 16:17:40 <Daviey> i'll hold off for hallyn's input.. but just wanted it known, i was considering it

 16:17:50 * skaet nods

 16:18:04 <skaet> .. ?

 16:18:12 <Daviey> ..

 16:18:18 <skaet> dbarth: when will unity 5.8 and unity-2d 5.8 be landing (not seeing in https://wiki.ubuntu.com/Unity/ReleaseSchedule)?   any other updates before beta 2 freeze anticipated?

 16:19:02 <Cimi> skaet, unity 22th march

 16:19:16 <arosales> o/

 16:19:20 <Cimi> not sure of unity-2d, guess the same date or before

 16:19:54 <skaet> Cimi, do you have projected dates for the rest of your FFe/UIFe's landing?

 16:20:20 <Cimi> skaet, FFe:

 16:20:28 <Cimi> 1) LIM maybe not landing

 16:20:42 <Cimi> 2) overlay scrollbars code done - waiting reviews

 16:21:04 <dbarth> skaet: not planned yet sorry, i estimate after the beta freeze, otherwise we'll be too short for another round of testing

 16:21:06 <Cimi> 3) utouch work I guess will be proposed next week

 16:21:30 <dbarth> skaet: there's no more feature dev. or important changes, it's really about nailing the high and criticals down

 16:21:34 <Cimi> potential UIFe but I just have heard of it, need to double check

 16:22:00 <skaet> thanks Cimi.

 16:22:09 <Cimi> skaet, we're doing weekly releases for the rest of the projects

 16:22:18 <Cimi> skaet, releasing bugfixes

 16:22:24 <Cimi> and only them

 16:22:37 <skaet> thanks Cimi (and appreciate the bug fixes.  ;) )

 16:22:54 <Cimi> you have to thanks engineers :-)

 16:23:07 <skaet> :)

 16:23:34 <skaet> thanks dbarth.   Ok,  will keep an eye on that ReleaseSchedule - please ping me offline if something changes.

 16:23:44 <skaet> ..

 16:23:51 <skaet> arosales go

 16:23:54 * arosales is a bit new to the MIR and release process, apologies.

 16:23:58 <arosales> Is 64 MIR requests (https://bugs.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-mir_ normal for this point in the release?

 16:24:01 <arosales> ..

 16:24:14 <Daviey> heh.

 16:24:26 <dbarth> skaet: actually for the 22 (checked with didrocks); will update the schedule accordingly

 16:24:27 <Daviey> There are still more to come, i fear.

 16:24:31 <skaet> cjwatson, pitti, ^ care to give some historical perspective.

 16:24:37 <skaet> ?

 16:25:13 <Daviey> Many of the are blocked on security review, they are rightly overwhelmed.  Not much we can do about that.

 16:25:22 <Daviey> jdstrand's team are working as hard as they can.

 16:25:34 <pitti> historically we didn't use to have that many after FF

 16:25:41 <pitti> but 64 is a bit absurd indeed

 16:25:49 <stgraber> quite a few seem to cover multiple packages, some others are for baltix and shouldn't appear in the list at all, still a pretty long list though

 16:25:52 <pitti> many of them are quite old, though

 16:25:52 <stgraber> ..

 16:26:00 <arosales> Daviey: +1 on jdstrand's team working as hard as they can.

 16:26:05 <Daviey> The lion share is server :(

 16:26:20 <Daviey> Many of our requirements landed rather late this cycle.

 16:26:25 <pitti> and e. g. bug 932833 has a dozen tasks alone

 16:26:27 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 932833 in ktp-auth-handler (Ubuntu) "[MIR] telepathy-kde" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/932833

 16:26:38 <Daviey> One, jdstrand's team did.. for a whole new upstream rewrite to happen, which invalidated it

 16:28:01 <Daviey> jdstrand has been cracking them out tho, starting yesterday :)

 16:28:28 <mdeslaur> jdstrand is *awesome* :)

 16:28:38 <skaet> +1 :)

 16:28:53 <jdstrand> wow, my hilight is on fire :)

 16:28:58 * jdstrand is trying

 16:29:10 <arosales> keep rocking it jdstrand

 16:29:17 <jdstrand> thanks :)

 16:29:39 <skaet> .. ? arosales

 16:29:52 <arosales> Thanks for the background information

 16:29:53 <arosales> ..

 16:30:20 * skaet not seeing any queued up questions, so going ahead and asking another of hers

 16:30:33 <ScottK> \o

 16:30:59 <skaet> tumbleweed or Laney - how go the universe FTBFS?

 16:31:18 <skaet> ..

 16:31:36 <skaet> hmm.. may not be around

 16:31:39 <skaet> go ScottK

 16:31:45 <ScottK> There's more than a fair number of removal and component move bugs queued up on https://bugs.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-archive.  Could someone with powerz have a look?

 16:32:10 <stgraber> ScottK: +1

 16:32:41 <ScottK> Also there's an FFe pending for syslog-ng that it seems like if we are going to do it we should do it soon.  Could someone who understands a bit about syslog have a look at that one?

 16:32:44 <ScottK> Bug 950799

 16:32:46 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 950799 in syslog-ng (Ubuntu) "Freeze exception: syslog-ng 3.3.4 (bugfixes)" [Undecided,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/950799

 16:33:06 <Daviey> o/

 16:33:09 <ScottK> cjwatson: Thanks for the quick turn-around on the D-I hostname fix.

 16:33:12 <ScottK> Daviey: Thanks.

 16:33:26 <cjwatson> np

 16:33:30 <Daviey> oops, what did i sign up for? :)

 16:33:34 <cjwatson> yeah, I can have a look at archive bugs, I guess.

 16:33:35 <skaet> ScottK,  will see if we can get the removal and component moves tamed.    I'll see if I can help.

 16:33:44 <ScottK> Thanks cjwatson.

 16:33:54 <ScottK> Daviey: I thought you were volunteering for the syslog-ng FFe.

 16:34:02 <Daviey> ScottK: Happy to review it, yes

 16:34:15 <ScottK> Great.

 16:34:15 <ScottK> ..

 16:34:16 <skaet> Thanks Daviey, cjwatson.  :)

 16:34:37 <skaet> Daviey did you have a comment/question - or were you volunteering?

 16:34:41 <Daviey> skaet: both

 16:34:47 <skaet> go then Daviey

 16:34:58 <Daviey> I noticed there were a few commitsunder the name 'cdimage'

 16:35:10 <Daviey> It doesn't seem ideal to have anonymous changes :(

 16:35:34 <cjwatson> Don't Do That Then :)

 16:35:39 <Daviey> https://code.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-cdimage/debian-cd/ubuntu

 16:35:45 <Daviey> cjwatson: this is what i am saying.

 16:35:46 <Daviey> :)

 16:35:56 <cjwatson> people should be checking out the code on their laptops and working there.  It's what I've told every single person I've ever advised regarding cdimage code access.

 16:36:03 <cjwatson> (I'm vociferously agreeing)

 16:36:49 <Daviey> groovy :)

 16:36:50 <Daviey> ..

 16:37:18 <cjwatson> Riddell: ^- I think that was you, from the character of the changes?

 16:37:40 <Riddell> very likely

 16:37:46 <cjwatson> please do not do that

 16:38:00 <cjwatson> I can help you with the setup if you need it

 16:38:20 <Riddell> yes sorry, the ways to edit those are very unclear and infinity and slangasek had different ideas

 16:38:33 <Riddell> but anyway I should set the commit name for sure

 16:38:42 <cjwatson> no, please do not commit on nusakan

 16:38:58 <cjwatson> I'll hack up the cdimage account there to disable it if I have to, but would rather not :)

 16:39:04 <ogra_> unless you do it in a local branch in your homedir :)

 16:39:11 <cjwatson> I'll help you get it set up

 16:40:02 <Daviey> cjwatson: commiting on nusakan isn't a problem, if you branch to ~ and set your whoami, right?

 16:40:04 <pitti> I did a commit as "pitti" in my checkout on nusakan (in ~pitti, not ~cdimage), and merged back

 16:40:14 <ogra_> Daviey, thats what i do

 16:40:17 <pitti> that was what Steve or Adam recommended

 16:40:21 <Daviey> ogra_: i noticed :)

 16:40:29 <Riddell> see what I mean?  very unclear

 16:40:49 <Daviey> well, commiting as cdimage on the live code, isn't right

 16:40:53 <ogra_> Riddell, we aere all saying the same in different words :)

 16:40:56 <Daviey> Anything else sounds ok, right cjwatson ?

 16:41:07 <cjwatson> please work on your development system, not on nusakan

 16:41:25 <Daviey> cjwatson: can you explain concerns?

 16:41:25 <cjwatson> doing it in your home directory isn't such a problem but I would still strongly prefer people not to do it

 16:41:42 <cjwatson> nusakan is a production system not a development system; even though we admittedly don't have a clear separation

 16:41:46 <cjwatson> but it's a bad habit to get into

 16:41:56 <Daviey> ok

 16:42:01 <cjwatson> I will document it

 16:42:11 <skaet> thanks cjwatson. :)

 16:42:33 * skaet looking around for any other hands

 16:42:39 <skaet> did I miss anyone?

 16:43:45 * skaet guesses not,  okie... time to end the meeting

 16:43:49 <skaet> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)