#title #ubuntu-meeting Meeting

Meeting started by slangasek at 15:00:59 UTC.  The full logs are
available at
http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2012/ubuntu-meeting.2012-08-01-15.00.log.html
.



== Meeting summary ==

 *lightning round

 *Bugs

 *AOB



Meeting ended at 16:08:54 UTC.



== Votes ==




== Action items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * slangasek (56)
 * xnox (43)
 * ogra_ (43)
 * cjwatson (42)
 * infinity (34)
 * stgraber (25)
 * jodh (23)
 * ubottu (23)
 * bdmurray (22)
 * barry (9)
 * doko (8)
 * stokachu_ (8)
 * jdstrand (3)
 * meetingology (3)
 * smartboyhw (3)
 * cjohnston (3)



== Full Log ==


 15:00:59 <slangasek> #startmeeting

 15:00:59 <meetingology> Meeting started Wed Aug  1 15:00:59 2012 UTC.  The chair is slangasek. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 15:00:59 <meetingology> 

 15:00:59 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 15:02:22 <slangasek> #topic lightning round

 15:02:23 <ogra_> o/

 15:02:31 <slangasek> $ echo $(shuf -e barry doko stgraber jodh ev bdmurray slangasek ogra infinity cjwatson xnox stokachu)

 15:02:34 <slangasek> infinity barry stokachu ev xnox bdmurray stgraber cjwatson slangasek jodh doko ogra

 15:02:43 * xnox 0/

 15:03:05 <infinity> * Kernel SRU ferrying, and other SRU and AA work

 15:03:05 <infinity> * Worked on eglibc bugfixes and backports for quantal and precise to make Friday's deadline

 15:03:08 <infinity> * Accidentally broke the archive (due to bug #1031061) and spent some time fixing it

 15:03:09 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1031061 in ubuntu-archive-tools "remove-package --source-only doesn't do as advertised" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1031061

 15:03:11 <infinity> * Worked more with lamont on sorting out the (un)happiness of panda buildds

 15:03:14 <infinity> * Fixed bug #1029556 in live-build

 15:03:15 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1029556 in live-build (Ubuntu Precise) "Only include linux-headers for the kernels being shipped on the image" [Critical,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1029556

 15:03:16 <infinity> * Worked on some build failures over the weekend

 15:03:19 <infinity> * Somehow got sick, but discovered I can't file bugs against myself

 15:03:21 <infinity> * Note: Monday is a holiday for me

 15:03:24 <infinity> [...]

 15:03:39 <barry> abandoned work on xapian py3 bindings since both swig and cython approaches hit deadends.  bug 1029094.  bug 1026203.  python bug 15458 (python3-config --configdir doko \o/).  importlib docs landed for py3.3 in time for beta2.  dmb meeting.  gwibber py3 work started.  done.

 15:03:42 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1029094 in Ubuntu One Control Panel "Replace simplejson with json" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1029094

 15:03:43 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1026203 in python3-defaults (Ubuntu) "python3-defaults does not yet support Python 3.3" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1026203

 15:03:44 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 15458 in kdelibs (Ubuntu) "kdelibs4: Invalid calculation of PCX image properties possibly permits arbitrary code execution" [High,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/15458

 15:04:22 <barry> #ubottufail

 15:04:29 <stgraber> infinity: Thursday's deadline (21:00 UTC)

 15:04:38 <smartboyhw> *help

 15:04:56 <infinity> stgraber: My brain works in "end of weeks", but yes. ;)

 15:06:33 <stokachu_> barry: finished?

 15:06:43 <stokachu_> oh

 15:06:49 <barry> stokachu_: yep.  see hidden, supersekrit "done"

 15:06:54 <barry> :)

 15:06:55 <stokachu_> lol

 15:07:11 <cjwatson> Somebody tell me when it's my turn since I missed the start. :)

 15:07:26 <ogra_> cjohnston, after stephane

 15:07:27 <infinity> cjwatson: You're after stgraber.

 15:07:28 <stokachu_> so last two weeks, vacation first week, on-site with customer fixing autofs second, today+tomorrow will be finishing up rdepends testing

 15:07:29 <ogra_> grr

 15:07:32 <ogra_> cjwatson, ^^

 15:07:37 <stokachu_> ...

 15:07:40 <cjohnston> yay, me again!

 15:07:44 <ogra_> heh

 15:07:50 * ogra_ hugs cjohnston

 15:07:55 <cjohnston> ;-)

 15:08:02 * xnox wait a minute?! did I get skipped?!

 15:08:06 * cjohnston is finished hijacking meeting

 15:08:18 <ogra_> xnox, nope

 15:08:21 <cjwatson> infinity,ogra_: ta

 15:08:38 <slangasek> xnox: your turn now

 15:08:40 <ogra_> xnox, you are after the weekly novel paste :)

 15:08:46 <ogra_> oh, no ev then

 15:08:52 <slangasek> ev is on vac

 15:09:01 <xnox> * finished automatic luks encryption for ubiquity. Pushed merge

 15:09:01 <xnox> proposals for: ubiquity and partman-crypto

 15:09:01 <xnox> https://code.launchpad.net/~dmitrij.ledkov/ubiquity/crypto-done/+merge/117664

 15:09:01 <xnox> * did little work on HPCloud, I have many sbuilds for rebuilds, but

 15:09:01 <xnox> still a few bugs here and there. Should be able to do a rebuild for

 15:09:01 <xnox> stockachu's SRU's today. (it's cloud, so it just works, right?!)

 15:09:04 <xnox> * volleyball is great at Earl's Court. I will be off until next Thursday.

 15:09:21 * ogra_ hasnt seen you on TV yet !

 15:09:27 * barry hasn't either!

 15:09:38 <ogra_> (though olympics in the US TV is a joke actually)

 15:09:43 * xnox there was a tiny dot in the top right corner at the table, they never show ;-)

 15:09:57 <infinity> slangasek: Oh dear.  Are we going to get a 5000-word essay about ev's vacation when he gets back?

 15:10:07 <ogra_> LOL !!

 15:10:25 <xnox> infinity: s/essay/short novel/

 15:10:42 <stokachu_> i think he is finishing his thesis on world domination this week

 15:10:46 <stokachu_> up your buffers

 15:10:50 <bdmurray> xnox: done?

 15:10:52 <xnox> odne

 15:11:02 <bdmurray> reported and fixed apt-clone bug regarding usernames and passwords - LP: #1029021

 15:11:05 <bdmurray> reported and fixed update-manager bug 1029046 regarding apt-clone system state information

 15:11:07 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1029046 in update-manager (Ubuntu Precise) "include system state from apt-clone in apport package hook" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1029046

 15:11:08 <bdmurray> bugbot modification to check systemstate attachment for username and password

 15:11:11 <bdmurray> bugbot work to tag bugs verification-failed and regression-proposed

 15:11:17 <bdmurray> discovered and fixed missing apport white list stuff in ubuntu-release-upgrader

 15:11:20 <bdmurray> precise SRU of update-manager bug 818760 (high on errors.ubuntu.com)

 15:11:21 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 818760 in update-manager (Ubuntu Precise) "update-manager crashed with timeout in readline(): timed out" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/818760

 15:11:22 <bdmurray> SRU verification of update-manager bug 1002956 for precise

 15:11:23 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1002956 in update-manager (Ubuntu Oneiric) "Missing ReleaseNotesViewerWebkit.py from package" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1002956

 15:11:25 <bdmurray> SRU verification of bug 1006633 regarding apport and /etc/default/grub

 15:11:26 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1006633 in apport (Ubuntu Precise) "should collect /etc/default/grub from package install failures due to update-grub failing" [High,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1006633

 15:11:27 <bdmurray> SRU verification of bug 972436 regarding apport and precise

 15:11:29 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 972436 in apport (Ubuntu Precise) "backend_helper.py crashed with UnicodeEncodeError in apport_excepthook(): 'ascii' codec can't encode character u'\xe8' in position 166: ordinal not in range(128)" [Critical,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/972436

 15:11:33 <bdmurray> modified sru-release to comment on bugs and unsubscribe ubuntu-sru team

 15:11:33 <bdmurray> modified sru-report to look at message owners when coloring stuff golden

 15:11:33 <bdmurray> merge proposal for error tracker bug 1008727 (links changing colors)

 15:11:34 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1008727 in Errors "link for followed errors doesn't change color" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1008727

 15:11:46 <bdmurray> ⌁ done ⌁

 15:12:29 <stgraber> - Containers

 15:12:30 <stgraber> - Fixed bug in lxc-ubuntu and lxc-ubuntu-cloud that'd make container creation fail now that sysvinit has been fixed.

 15:12:33 <stgraber> - SRUed above fix.

 15:12:35 <stgraber> - Networking

 15:12:38 <stgraber> - 12.04.1

 15:12:40 <stgraber> - 12.04.1 team meeting and minutes

 15:12:42 <stgraber> - Went through all the targeted/milestoned bugs for 12.04.1, updated status based on comments and queue status.

 15:12:46 <stgraber> - Verified a bunch of SRUs.

 15:12:48 <stgraber> - Uploaded a few more SRUs for bugs targeted to the point release (usb-creator, ubiquity, isc-dhcp, ubuntu-docs)

 15:12:51 <stgraber> - Image based system

 15:12:53 <stgraber> - Implemented proof of concept for foundations-q-image-based-updates, can be found in lp:~stgraber/+junk/image-setup

 15:12:57 <stgraber> - Talked a bit with tedg on the work being done by his team.

 15:12:59 <stgraber> - SRU

 15:13:02 <stgraber> - Working on fixing the fglrx/fglrx-updates purge bug, hitting a few other weirdness in the maintainer scripts...

 15:13:04 <stgraber> - Other

 15:13:07 <stgraber> - Alpha 3

 15:13:10 <stgraber> - Update publish-image-set in ubuntu-archive-tools to properly deal with the new arm images

 15:13:12 <stgraber> - Almost done merging LTSP with Debian, it might be the first time we do that, so the delta was huge, but it's now quite small and readable, so LTSP should be much easier to maintain in the future.

 15:13:15 <slangasek> xnox: did you see the further discussion on the mdadm SRU regression (bug #1030292)?  Any thoughts on how to deal with that so we can have the mdadm fixes for .1?

 15:13:17 <stgraber> - Some ARB app review, the app showdown made the ARB New queue reach 140 packages... Still 50 to review...

 15:13:17 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1030292 in mdadm (Ubuntu) "initramfs does not boot with mdadm (3.2.5-1ubuntu0.1)" [Undecided,Incomplete] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1030292

 15:13:19 <stgraber> - TODO this week

 15:13:22 <stgraber> - Continue the work on 12.04.1.

 15:13:25 <stgraber> (DONE)

 15:13:31 <cjwatson> Very short week: holiday Wed-Fri.  Internet connection down at home for over a week now, causing substantial disruption to my working style.

 15:13:33 <cjwatson> Move server image base system squashfs (set up last week) from /casper/ to /install/ to reduce confusion.

 15:13:37 <cjwatson> Drop build-dependency on poxml in installation-guide (bug 1031478).

 15:13:38 <cjwatson> done

 15:13:38 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1031478 in installation-guide (Ubuntu Quantal) "Drop Build-Depends on poxml" [Wishlist,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1031478

 15:13:40 <cjwatson> Did almost all the work required to kill off the old copy-package.py script in Launchpad.  Should be possible following tomorrow's deployment.  This will include archive admins no longer needing to approve copies as a separate step.

 15:13:44 <cjwatson> Investigating xorriso 1.2.4, which (once I work out how to drive it) may clean up Mac/UEFI image building sufficiently that we can ditch the amd64+mac images.

 15:14:33 <stgraber> wow, that'd be great! (no more +mac images)

 15:15:05 <cjwatson> it claims to be equivalent to mjg's isohybrid work

 15:15:10 <xnox> slangasek: i believe that mdadm fighting with dmraid correctly, because existing users of IMSM did have dmraid (since mdadm had no support for it). And mdadm fails to activate or do anything useful with IMSM on boot because mdmon is not in the initramfs.

 15:15:23 <jdstrand> cjwatson: re copy-package.py> \o/

 15:15:57 <xnox> slangasek: so my plan is to push mdmon into initramfs in quantal. Ask those users with IMSM to test.

 15:15:58 <cjwatson> jdstrand: also https://code.launchpad.net/~cjwatson/launchpad/pocket-queue-admin/+merge/117630

 15:16:19 <ogra_> xnox, stop growing the initrds !

 15:16:44 <xnox> slangasek: on these grounds the SRU should probably be rejected, but I still want to test other parts of it. Or I can reupload the SRU but drop the ISMS and DDF containers from the udev rules file.

 15:17:00 <slangasek> xnox: hrm, I don't understand.  Surely if the device is currently configured under dmraid, an upgrade to mdadm shouldn't cause it to suddenly start being assembled by mdadm?

 15:17:01 <jdstrand> cjwatson: that's awesome :)

 15:17:03 <xnox> ogra_: but it's only for those who have niche hardware! =)

 15:17:08 <cjwatson> jdstrand: if *that* gets merged we can probably just have you use something equivalent to unembargo --copy for everything

 15:17:26 <cjwatson> and then ditch the ubuntu-security celebrity from LP \o/

 15:17:40 <jdstrand> wow, great stuff :)

 15:17:41 <ogra_> xnox, well, if its not in all initrds i'm fine ... ac100 has a 1.5MB limit in the bootloader

 15:17:43 <xnox> slangasek: yeah. good point. no clue. my guess is that the udev event fires and mdadm now listens to it. and we currently assemble all mdadm arrays we find.

 15:18:48 <xnox> slangasek: there are other bugs part of ReliableRaid as to conditionally assemble arrays and not drop into initramfs if some raid arrays fail to assemble (e.g. if /opt/ failed to assemble we should continue to boot)

 15:18:57 <xnox> ..

 15:19:04 <slangasek> xnox: so does the mdadm rule need to be listed later than the dmraid rule, or does it need to respect the dmraid config, or something?  do you have some time yet to look at this today?  We really need this solved this week if we're going to have it in .1

 15:19:30 <xnox> ok. I will look into dmraid/mdadm interaction today.

 15:19:59 <slangasek> xnox: (dropping the ISMS handling also seems ok for now)

 15:20:00 <xnox> slangasek: to be honest. for that user, neither may have been setup.

 15:20:17 <xnox> and mdadm trying and failing spectacularly.

 15:22:19 <xnox> cjwatson: finished fixing up comments from the first review of crypto-done

 15:22:25 <xnox> pushed.

 15:23:30 <slangasek> * patch piloting on Monday, taking a few old requests off the queue (couchdb, libav)

 15:23:33 <slangasek> * multiarch upload sponsorships to precise

 15:23:35 <slangasek> * SRU processing: reviewing cedarview enablement packages in precise-proposed

 15:23:38 <slangasek> * fixed a bug in sdlgfx that was making frozen-bubble uninstallable in quantal (bug #1029981)

 15:23:40 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1029981 in sdlgfx (Ubuntu) "FTBFS on i386 in quantal" [Undecided,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1029981

 15:23:41 <slangasek> * updated skype packages in partner

 15:23:44 <slangasek> * scheduled foot surgery; outpatient procedure so not taking any time off, but hours will shift around a little over the next weeks

 15:23:47 <slangasek> (done)

 15:23:56 <jodh> * boot/upstart: stateful re-exec:

 15:23:56 <jodh> - enum handling now complete.

 15:23:56 <jodh> - need to finish off dbus connection serialisation and map out

 15:23:56 <jodh> strategy for dummy ConfSource/inotify handling.

 15:24:00 <jodh> - currently working on stitching minimal set of pieces together and putting

 15:24:03 <jodh> them into a PPA for *very* early testing.

 15:24:06 <jodh> 

 15:24:09 <jodh> ... and for infinity (determined to get more mileage out of this "Tetris" (TM) gag)...

 15:24:12 <jodh> 

 15:24:16 <jodh> ⠡⠀⠃⠕⠕⠞⠌⠥⠏⠎⠞⠁⠗⠞⠱⠀⠎⠞⠁⠞⠑⠋⠥⠇⠀⠗⠑⠤⠑⠭⠑⠉⠱

 15:24:19 <jodh> ⠀⠀⠤⠀⠑⠝⠥⠍⠀⠓⠁⠝⠙⠇⠊⠝⠛⠀⠝⠕⠺⠀⠉⠕⠍⠏⠇⠑⠞⠑⠨

 15:24:21 <infinity> slangasek: Well, thank god for frozen-bubble fixes.

 15:24:22 <jodh> ⠀⠀⠤⠀⠝⠑⠑⠙⠀⠞⠕⠀⠋⠊⠝⠊⠎⠓⠀⠕⠋⠋⠀⠙⠃⠥⠎⠀⠉⠕⠝⠝⠑⠉⠞⠊⠕⠝⠀⠎⠑⠗⠊⠁⠇⠊⠎⠁⠞⠊⠕⠝⠀⠁⠝⠙⠀⠍⠁⠏⠀⠕⠥⠞

 15:24:23 <jodh> ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠎⠞⠗⠁⠞⠑⠛⠽⠀⠋⠕⠗⠀⠙⠥⠍⠍⠽⠀⠉⠕⠝⠋⠎⠕⠥⠗⠉⠑⠌⠊⠝⠕⠞⠊⠋⠽⠀⠓⠁⠝⠙⠇⠊⠝⠛⠨

 15:24:27 <jodh> ⠀⠀⠤⠀⠉⠥⠗⠗⠑⠝⠞⠇⠽⠀⠺⠕⠗⠅⠊⠝⠛⠀⠕⠝⠀⠎⠞⠊⠞⠉⠓⠊⠝⠛⠀⠍⠊⠝⠊⠍⠁⠇⠀⠎⠑⠞⠀⠕⠋⠀⠏⠊⠑⠉⠑⠎⠀⠞⠕⠛⠑⠞⠓⠑⠗⠀⠁⠝⠙

 15:24:30 <jodh> ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠏⠥⠞⠞⠊⠝⠛

 15:24:33 <jodh> ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠞⠓⠑⠍⠀⠊⠝⠞⠕⠀⠁⠀⠏⠏⠁⠀⠋⠕⠗⠀⠡⠧⠑⠗⠽⠡⠀⠑⠁⠗⠇⠽⠀⠞⠑⠎⠞⠊⠝⠛⠨

 15:24:37 <jodh> 𝀽

 15:24:40 <jodh> 

 15:24:46 <jodh> oh yeah - patch piloted on tuesday too :)

 15:24:52 <doko> could somebody translate? ;p

 15:24:57 * ogra_ wonders if jodh ever looked at irclogs.ubuntu.com ...

 15:25:16 <xnox> doko: it's the same report in braile

 15:25:18 <jodh> ogra_: I did, but couldn't bear the thought that infinity didn't ;)

 15:25:37 <ogra_> jodh, well, its just junk in the txt logs

 15:26:14 <jodh> ogra_: just goes to prove - repeats are never as good as the live event ;)

 15:26:22 <ogra_> heh

 15:27:59 <xnox> infinity: btw, i did not get around to doing e2fsprogs summary/test-cases

 15:28:36 <infinity> xnox: I figured, based on my not hearing about it. :)

 15:28:38 <doko> jodh, are you finished?

 15:28:48 <ogra_> doko, <jodh> 𝀽

 15:28:52 <ogra_> indeed he is :)

 15:28:57 <xnox> doko: the fancy UTF-8 character is finish ;-)

 15:28:57 <jodh> +1 :)

 15:29:14 <doko> back from vacation and two weeks of real offline time, wading through emails, preparing binutils, gcc, openjdk updates

 15:29:23 <doko> (unfancy dot)

 15:29:30 * xnox want utf-8 language keywords in C++'12

 15:29:40 <ogra_> done:

 15:29:40 <ogra_> * switched omap/omap4 images to use uEnv.txt and preEnv.txt (this completely drops

 15:29:41 <ogra_> the requirement of boot.scr and gives us plain text files for setting boot options)

 15:29:41 <ogra_> the installed system still uses boot.scr after install, flash-kernel changes for

 15:29:41 <ogra_> this are in the works and should land mid next week

 15:29:41 <ogra_> * QA sprint: implementing fully automatic image testing on pandaboards, issues with usbboot

 15:29:43 <ogra_> to provide the bootloader to the boards were solved the last two days with some hardware

 15:29:45 <ogra_> hacking and soldering (expect an intresting blog article the next days ;) )

 15:29:46 * doko hits xnox

 15:29:47 <ogra_> * QA sprint: implementing an automatic provisioning system for pandaboards via tftp, http

 15:29:49 <ogra_> and usbboot/udev to pull, install and run images from cdimage automatically

 15:29:51 <ogra_> (blog and documentation pending). many thanks to rsalveti and jcrigby for working after

 15:29:53 <ogra_> hours and at night on the u-boot bugs we are finding along the way !

 15:29:55 <ogra_> todo:

 15:29:57 <ogra_> * finish the transition to uEnv.txt and preEnv.txt on omap/omap4 images

 15:30:01 <slangasek> xnox: neither may have been setup> if you look at the udev log, you'll see that in his successful boot there are dmraid devices

 15:30:01 <ogra_> * document the new way of booting with the above

 15:30:04 <ogra_> * QA sprint: finish the fully automatic image test suite for pandas

 15:30:05 <ogra_> ..

 15:30:17 * xnox hides behind infinity.

 15:30:38 <xnox> slangasek: hmm... missed it. ok.

 15:31:01 <jodh> xnox: hey - we could create a IOC++CC then!

 15:31:10 <doko> hide *where*?

 15:31:12 <ogra_> oh, and i got an imx6 board that i havent unpacked yet :)

 15:31:41 <doko> then you don't need it. send it to me =)

 15:31:49 <ogra_> haha

 15:31:56 <ogra_> i guess yu can get one as well

 15:33:11 <xnox> i had some luck with my pandaboard.

 15:33:25 <ogra_> \o/

 15:33:26 <slangasek> any questions on any of the above?

 15:33:26 <xnox> installed with ssh server, but pending on external storage for sbuild slave

 15:34:13 <infinity> cjwatson: Any opinions on bug #1031061 ?

 15:34:14 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1031061 in ubuntu-archive-tools "remove-package --source-only doesn't do as advertised" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1031061

 15:34:26 <slangasek> xnox: so e2fsprogs is not quite there... should bug #978012 be unmilestoned?

 15:34:28 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 978012 in e2fsprogs (Ubuntu Precise) "Please SRU micro bug fix release of e2fsprogs 1.42.4-3ubuntu1 (main) from Quantal (main)" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/978012

 15:34:35 <xnox> slangasek: yes

 15:34:42 <cjwatson> infinity: I followed up

 15:35:14 <cjwatson> wgrant was pretty much "package removals shouldn't be exported if you can use them to leave orphaned binaries" IIRC

 15:35:21 <slangasek> stgraber: ^^ unmilestoning e2fsprogs then, unless you want to follow it up yourself

 15:35:24 <cjwatson> perhaps because the same would apply to PPAs ...

 15:35:41 <cjwatson> certainly my bad for forgetting about that while writing the client

 15:36:30 <infinity> cjwatson: Ahh, hadn't thought of the PPA angle.

 15:36:32 <slangasek> infinity, cjwatson: but fundamentally, the binaries it removed were ones *not* from the source package being removed, no?

 15:36:43 <slangasek> they came from the new source package

 15:36:44 <stgraber> slangasek: I don't see any bug that would prevent installation, so I'm fine with it being fixed in -updates

 15:36:49 <infinity> slangasek: No, it removed the source+binaries that belonged together.

 15:36:52 <slangasek> stgraber: ok

 15:36:55 <infinity> slangasek: Nothing from the new source.

 15:37:10 <smartboyhw> Excuse me, which command for help?

 15:37:11 <infinity> slangasek: It didn't do anything "wrong" on that front, it just did something very unexpected. :P

 15:37:12 <cjwatson> slangasek: they did?  the bug doesn't say that

 15:37:20 <cjwatson> smartboyhw: we're in the middle of a meeting here

 15:37:24 <slangasek> infinity: oh - binaries also renamed and the old binaries were current?

 15:37:29 <smartboyhw> Sorry, I have to ask..

 15:37:34 <infinity> slangasek: Right.

 15:37:40 <cjwatson> smartboyhw: please use some different channel for experimenting with IRC

 15:37:56 <infinity> slangasek: There was no overlap at all between the source packages and their binary children.

 15:38:24 <slangasek> yeah.  I'm trying to remember if source-only removal is normal usage there... I guess historically that's how we put such packages on the NBS report

 15:38:31 <infinity> slangasek: Which was why the goal was to remove source-only and do a soft transition with the help of the NBS tracker.  Which then turned into a panicked "oh crap, all the old libraries are gone" transition. ;)

 15:38:35 <cjwatson> personally, I've never used source-only removal

 15:38:36 * slangasek nods

 15:38:43 <cjwatson> feels dirty to me

 15:38:58 <infinity> cjwatson: Yeah, I'm okay with losing the option.

 15:39:07 <slangasek> ok, well, I think we've gotten enough mileage out of that bug for this meeting either way

 15:39:10 <slangasek> [TOPIC] Bugs

 15:39:12 <infinity> cjwatson: Although, note the output from the command.  Was that ubuntu-archive's fault, or the API's?

 15:39:16 <cjwatson> but if you really think we need it, raise an LP bug

 15:39:19 <slangasek> bdmurray: what's buggy?

 15:39:22 <cjwatson> infinity: the client's

 15:39:44 <bdmurray> bug 938869 has been receiving some recent duplicates

 15:39:45 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 938869 in lsb (Ubuntu) "lsb_release crashed with SIGABRT in Py_FatalError()" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/938869

 15:40:00 <cjwatson> that's gotta be a python3.2 bug?

 15:40:15 <cjwatson> or, well, this is precise so python2.7

 15:40:27 <bdmurray> InterpreterPath: /usr/bin/python3.2mu

 15:40:30 <cjwatson> oh, it says 3

 15:40:31 <cjwatson> yeah

 15:40:49 <cjwatson> I don't think we shipped precise that way though?  the bug is from Feb

 15:40:55 <infinity> 3.2mu?

 15:41:04 <cjwatson> at least one recent dup is from quantal

 15:41:12 <slangasek> cjwatson: lsb-release flip-flopped a couple of times in previous releases

 15:41:18 <slangasek> (pre-release)

 15:41:19 <cjwatson> infinity: readlink -f /usr/bin/python3

 15:41:22 <cjwatson> slangasek: right, I remember

 15:41:31 <barry> weird

 15:42:18 <bdmurray> 5 of the 6 duplicates are using Quantal

 15:42:29 <slangasek> for as much as we use lsb-release in the distro, though, this has to be a small corner case if there are only 7 reports

 15:42:42 <infinity> Yeah.

 15:42:45 <slangasek> reassign to python3.2?

 15:42:50 <infinity> It would be breaking builds too, if it was consistent.

 15:42:53 <cjwatson> looks like "interpreter completely busted" to me

 15:43:03 <cjwatson> lsb_release just the first thing it bites?

 15:43:59 <slangasek> there are similar bug reports against other python packages

 15:44:02 <slangasek> bug #1022205

 15:44:03 <ubottu> Error: Launchpad bug 1022205 could not be found

 15:44:39 <barry> private bug

 15:44:49 <slangasek> bug #958374, but that's python2.7

 15:44:50 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 958374 in software-center (Ubuntu) "software-center crashed with SIGABRT in Py_FatalError()" [Medium,Incomplete] https://launchpad.net/bugs/958374

 15:45:11 <slangasek> barry: publicked

 15:45:26 <xnox> barry: yeah, it could still print 'try http://pad.lv/1022205/ '

 15:45:27 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1022205 in command-not-found (Ubuntu) "command-not-found crashed with SIGABRT in Py_FatalError()" [Medium,New]

 15:46:42 <barry> sure seems like a dup

 15:46:49 <slangasek> bug reassigned; doko, could you follow up on it?

 15:47:09 <infinity> When did the retracers start giving me disassembly?  Fancy.

 15:47:19 <infinity> Or, rather, apport, not the retracer.

 15:47:27 <infinity> It was in the original report...

 15:47:44 <slangasek> augh, why is the duplicate-marker full of fancy ui now

 15:47:57 <cjwatson> that was a change that landed today I think

 15:48:17 <xnox> ubiquity is trending on errors.ubuntu.com with "on page-ask, clicking abort results in" bug 1027648

 15:48:18 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1027648 in ubiquity (Ubuntu) "ubiquity crashed with ValueError in command(): I/O operation on closed file." [Medium,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1027648

 15:48:53 <xnox> maybe users should not abort installing ubuntu....

 15:49:36 <infinity> "To orientate at the bugnumber this crasher must be an old nable."

 15:49:57 <infinity> I couldn't have said it better myself.

 15:50:48 * barry is sad: "No symbol table info available."

 15:52:13 <cjwatson> xnox: sigh, that disaster again

 15:53:48 <xnox> cjwatson: didn't strace it yet.... luckily it's much earlier this time.

 15:54:21 <xnox> looks like it's watching debconf_fd's but cleans them up too early/late

 15:56:46 * slangasek taps the network with his foot

 15:56:50 <slangasek> what'd I miss?

 15:56:57 <ogra_> silence

 15:57:04 <ogra_> about 2 mins of it

 15:57:06 <slangasek> bdmurray: any other bugs?

 15:57:21 <infinity> slangasek: Depends on the delta between when you lost your connection and when the server punted you. :P

 15:57:37 <slangasek> infinity: 5

 15:57:39 <ogra_> oh, right i was judging by the disconnect message

 15:57:52 <infinity> slangasek: Then you missed punch and pie.

 15:57:55 * slangasek nods

 15:58:02 <bdmurray> bug 1029864

 15:58:03 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1029864 in brltty (Ubuntu) "read error appears from brltty during precise server iso testing" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1029864

 15:58:14 <doko> sladen, will do

 15:59:29 * xnox network is fine, and the foot will be replaced soon. things that slangasek does to get reliable internetz.

 15:59:31 <slangasek> bdmurray: looks like TheMuso is TIL on brltty; shall we assign to him?

 15:59:47 <cjwatson> yeah, brltty is a desktop thing

 15:59:54 <cjwatson> despite its effect here :)

 16:00:19 <bdmurray> ah, okay sorry about that

 16:00:33 <slangasek> heh, I'll bet the package team mapping says something else, doesn't it

 16:01:01 <bdmurray> I think it had started off as a d-i bug

 16:01:24 <slangasek> oh neat, I can't load the package team mapping doc

 16:01:27 <slangasek> ohwell

 16:01:39 <xnox> fix is in debian, so it's an easy merge.

 16:02:00 * slangasek assigns to Luke

 16:02:09 <cjwatson> slangasek: package-team-mapping says brltty -> foundations

 16:02:12 <cjwatson> which is wrong

 16:02:29 <cjwatson> but trying to edit that thing over this network ...

 16:02:34 <cjwatson> (not really happening)

 16:02:34 <bdmurray> I'll fix it

 16:02:43 <stokachu_> lag +234 sweeeeeeeet

 16:02:45 <cjwatson> xnox: well, merge and sru

 16:03:41 <slangasek> bdmurray: anything else?  (maybe give them in a batch if so, since we're at time)

 16:03:59 <bdmurray> slangasek: just bug 488696

 16:04:02 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 488696 in base-files (Ubuntu Quantal) "syntax error in nsswitch config near [ syntax error ]" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/488696

 16:05:15 <xnox> i am guessing me?

 16:05:36 <xnox> and for quantal it's just autofs package?

 16:05:43 <xnox> instead of autofs5 package.

 16:07:12 <slangasek> er... ok, I've never heard of an automount nsswitch.conf entry before

 16:07:29 <slangasek> let's take that over to #ubuntu-devel for further analysis

 16:07:33 <slangasek> [TOPIC] AOB

 16:07:39 <slangasek> anything else?  you have -7 minutes to discuss

 16:08:54 <slangasek> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)