#title #ubuntu-meeting: Community Council bi-weekly IRC meeting

Meeting started by beuno at 17:06:56 UTC.  The full logs are available
at
http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2012/ubuntu-meeting.2012-09-20-17.06.log.html
.



== Meeting summary ==

''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/CommunityCouncilAgenda   (czajkowski, 17:10:41)
 *Ubuntu Membership Board GMT-
''LINK:'' http://www.elpais.com.uy/anexos/imagen/12/250273.jpg and http://www.elpais.com.uy/anexos/imagen/12/250436.jpg  (beuno, 17:16:42)

 *Other business



Meeting ended at 17:28:56 UTC.



== Votes ==




== Action items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * beuno (20)
 * czajkowski (19)
 * pleia2 (16)
 * PabloRubDroid (6)
 * meetingology (4)
 * YokoZar (1)



== Full Log ==


 17:06:56 <beuno> #startmeeting Community Council bi-weekly IRC meeting

 17:06:56 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Sep 20 17:06:56 2012 UTC.  The chair is beuno. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 17:06:56 <meetingology> 

 17:06:56 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 17:07:03 <beuno> #chair beuno

 17:07:03 <meetingology> Current chairs: beuno

 17:07:34 <beuno> who's around?

 17:07:55 <czajkowski> o/

 17:08:08 * beuno raises pleia2's hand

 17:08:25 <pleia2> :)

 17:09:12 <czajkowski> YokoZar: ping

 17:09:24 <YokoZar> me too

 17:10:23 <beuno> where's our agenda wiki page again?  :)

 17:10:41 <czajkowski> https://wiki.ubuntu.com/CommunityCouncilAgenda

 17:12:25 <beuno> so, membership board catch up?

 17:12:36 <PabloRubDroid> Hallo

 17:13:35 <beuno> czajkowski, can you confirm?  it's not clear to me what the list is

 17:13:38 <czajkowski> beuno: membership board

 17:13:43 <czajkowski> GMT-

 17:14:01 <pleia2> #topic Ubuntu Membership Board GMT-

 17:14:06 <czajkowski> who's here from the membership board

 17:14:09 <pleia2> (except beuno do that :))

 17:14:16 <beuno> PabloRubDroid, that would be you?

 17:14:21 <beuno> #topic Ubuntu Membership Board GMT-

 17:14:37 <pleia2> we did a catch-up in August, so this is anyone who didn't get a chance to talk to us last time, or has follow-up items they want to bring to our attention :)

 17:15:30 <pleia2> since our last meeting there were a couple changes to the Membership wiki pages in an attempt to clarify requirements, but I think we came to the conclusion last time that the real problem was people not reading the pages at all before applying

 17:15:40 <PabloRubDroid> Beuno Pablorubianes am on my cel after yesterday storm i have no power

 17:15:54 <beuno> PabloRubDroid, ah, right. Crazy storm!

 17:16:42 <beuno> http://www.elpais.com.uy/anexos/imagen/12/250273.jpg and http://www.elpais.com.uy/anexos/imagen/12/250436.jpg

 17:16:54 <beuno> for those of your curious as to why PabloRubDroid doesn't have power  :)

 17:17:33 <czajkowski> wow

 17:18:06 <PabloRubDroid> So if i got offline is my 3g got down too

 17:18:17 <czajkowski> PabloRubDroid: any comment on the membeship board

 17:19:17 <pleia2> I didn't expect much comment since we just met last month, but kept this slot here just in case, so if they're nothing that's ok :)

 17:19:48 <czajkowski> true

 17:19:52 <pleia2> there's

 17:19:54 <pleia2> gosh

 17:20:29 <czajkowski> if nothing else we can move onto AOB

 17:20:35 <czajkowski> I know foks are working

 17:20:38 <beuno> yeap

 17:20:40 <PabloRubDroid> Es

 17:20:55 <PabloRubDroid> Yes i am new there

 17:21:15 <beuno> czajkowski, by AOB you mean ARB?

 17:21:20 <PabloRubDroid> I like how ar√© things going

 17:21:51 <pleia2> great :)

 17:22:34 <beuno> ok, what's next?

 17:23:10 <czajkowski> beuno: AOB - any other business in the meeting

 17:23:15 <pleia2> dholbach put in a new revision of the CoC for review by the CC, so once Mark is back he can review and we can finally get it out to the community for another public review

 17:23:21 <czajkowski> indeed

 17:23:35 <czajkowski> the only other thing the CC needs to do is sort out the LC votes.

 17:23:50 <beuno> #topic Other business

 17:24:21 <pleia2> ah yes, I think we finally heard from all the LC folks about the candidates, so we can start voting now

 17:25:46 <czajkowski> again not sure if we need to wait on mark to do the final vote we did allow a week from sending them in to the CC.

 17:25:51 <pleia2> I sent an email off to the fellow working on the Forums plugin, he says he's close to getting it workin :)

 17:26:06 <beuno> woohoo!

 17:26:11 <czajkowski> pleia2: brilliant news

 17:26:27 <pleia2> (work and life stuff just got in the way, causing delay)

 17:26:55 <czajkowski> nods

 17:27:23 <pleia2> I think that's all I've got, and seems to be all that's on the trello board

 17:28:15 <czajkowski> beuno: thanks for chairing

 17:28:46 <pleia2> I'll get the wiki and stuff updated later

 17:28:50 <beuno> czajkowski, had to happen eventually, thanks for the hand-holding

 17:28:54 <beuno> thanks pleia2

 17:28:55 <pleia2> next meeting is with Kubuntu Council

 17:28:56 <czajkowski> pleia2: thank you

 17:28:56 <beuno> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)