#title #ubuntu-meeting: Ubuntu Technical Board meeting

Meeting started by stgraber at 21:09:00 UTC.  The full logs are
available at
http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2012/ubuntu-meeting.2012-01-23-21.09.log.html
.



== Meeting summary ==

 *Action review

 *Harmonizing DMB membership expiring dates (tumbleweed)
''ACTION:'' stgraber to harmonize the DMB expiring dates  (extend bdrung to 2013-02-13 and micah, tumbleweed and then the two new members to 2014-02-13)  (stgraber, 21:13:09)

 *Adjustment to backports upload policy (cjwatson)
''LINK:'' https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/technical-board/2012-January/001166.html   (cjwatson, 21:25:21)
''LINK:'' http://irclogs.ubuntu.com/2011/11/03/%23ubuntu-meeting.html   (cjwatson, 21:34:50)
''LINK:'' http://irclogs.ubuntu.com/2011/11/03/%23ubuntu-meeting.html#t18:52 - ah, it was incomplete and finished next meeting  (cjwatson, 21:35:52)
''LINK:'' http://irclogs.ubuntu.com/2011/11/17/%23ubuntu-meeting.html#t18:12   (cjwatson, 21:36:02)

 *tmpfs for /tmp

 *Chair for next meeting

 *AOB



Meeting ended at 21:56:32 UTC.



== Votes ==




== Action items ==

 * stgraber to harmonize the DMB expiring dates  (extend bdrung to 2013-02-13 and micah, tumbleweed and then the two new members to 2014-02-13)



== Action items, by person ==

 * stgraber
 ** stgraber to harmonize the DMB expiring dates  (extend bdrung to 2013-02-13 and micah, tumbleweed and then the two new members to 2014-02-13)
 * tumbleweed
 ** stgraber to harmonize the DMB expiring dates  (extend bdrung to 2013-02-13 and micah, tumbleweed and then the two new members to 2014-02-13)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * cjwatson (50)
 * stgraber (45)
 * kees (12)
 * mdz (11)
 * tumbleweed (10)
 * micahg (10)
 * Laney (9)
 * soren (4)
 * meetingology (4)



== Full Log ==


 21:09:00 <stgraber> #startmeeting Ubuntu Technical Board meeting

 21:09:00 <meetingology> Meeting started Mon Jan 23 21:09:00 2012 UTC.  The chair is stgraber. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/AlanBell/mootbot.

 21:09:00 <meetingology> 

 21:09:00 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 21:09:18 <stgraber> #topic Action review

 21:09:37 <stgraber> kees: so keeping "kees to perform brainstorm review" for an extra two weeks then? :)

 21:09:53 <kees> yes please. *sheepish*

 21:10:06 <stgraber> #topic Harmonizing DMB membership expiring dates (tumbleweed)

 21:10:08 <stgraber> tumbleweed: around?

 21:10:13 <tumbleweed> hi, yes

 21:10:17 <stgraber> hi!

 21:10:34 <tumbleweed> it looks like you've mostly covered this on the list

 21:10:35 * stgraber looks at ML logs

 21:10:50 <tumbleweed> we just wanted to reduce the number of elections we need to do

 21:10:50 <cjwatson> Mark acked this and I don't really see a reason to object personally

 21:11:25 <stgraber> ok, I'll implement the change then

 21:11:42 <tumbleweed> thanks, that was easy :)

 21:11:59 <cjwatson> so just extend everything to 13 Feb

 21:12:00 <cjwatson> ?

 21:12:05 <cjwatson> (with various years)

 21:12:33 <tumbleweed> that'd be great

 21:12:49 <cjwatson> then it settles down to a nice rotation of four each year

 21:13:09 <tumbleweed> except that laney just extended a year, so it'll be 3 and 5

 21:13:09 <stgraber> #action stgraber to harmonize the DMB expiring dates  (extend bdrung to 2013-02-13 and micah, tumbleweed and then the two new members to 2014-02-13)

 21:13:09 * meetingology stgraber to harmonize the DMB expiring dates  (extend bdrung to 2013-02-13 and micah, tumbleweed and then the two new members to 2014-02-13)

 21:13:14 <tumbleweed> but I'm sure we'll have an early retirement or something

 21:13:31 <stgraber> does that sound like what we want^

 21:13:45 <cjwatson> that's ok by me

 21:13:47 <micahg> stgraber: that should be 1 new member, I still need to file a mail to the TB ML about extending laney as well

 21:14:06 <stgraber> micahg: oh, right

 21:15:18 <Laney> anyone heard anything from persia yet?

 21:15:55 <stgraber> ok, I quickly did it on LP: https://launchpad.net/~developer-membership-board/+members

 21:16:03 <cjwatson> not I

 21:17:22 <stgraber> haven't heard anything either. Wondering if we should deactivate his membership from the team to make things clearer, especially now that I just extended tumbleweed's term.

 21:18:12 <Laney> I think that would be a good thing to do: ask him to check in with the TB on his return

 21:18:21 * kees nods

 21:18:39 <stgraber> is everyone happy with that?

 21:19:02 <cjwatson> it seems cognate with what we do for developers who go missing

 21:19:09 <micahg> not happy, but understandable

 21:19:18 <cjwatson> I think he will understand

 21:19:25 <micahg> yes, indeed

 21:19:35 <tumbleweed> if you could also squeeze in a decision on Laney extending his membership back to 2 years, it'd save us having to persuade him to nominate himself for re-election

 21:19:47 <stgraber> yeah, I'm writting a "de-activation" message on LP and will e-mail him as well

 21:19:59 <Laney> I thought the feeling was that it wasn't needed (as the original date was an error), but ymmv

 21:20:06 <cjwatson> "back to 2 years"?  did you reduce it at some point?

 21:20:21 <Laney> It was erroneously added as 1 year initially

 21:20:26 <Laney> s/It/I/

 21:20:32 <cjwatson> oh, fixing errors shouldn't require a TB vote surely

 21:20:54 * micahg is sending the TB E-Mail momentarily for records reasons

 21:21:08 <tumbleweed> micahg: thanks

 21:21:22 <stgraber> Laney: right, that was an old mistake you asked us not to fix initialy?

 21:21:56 <Laney> I wanted to delay deciding due to previous events

 21:22:40 * Laney wonders how long that hob has been on and unlit for

 21:22:57 <micahg> FTR, https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/technical-board/2012-January/001171.html

 21:23:42 <cjwatson> it's a bug if TB meetings blow up your kitchen

 21:24:18 <stgraber> ok, bumped Laney's "expiry" to 2013-02-13 and de-activated Emmet's membership

 21:24:25 <stgraber> I think that's it for the DMB?

 21:24:57 <tumbleweed> yes, thanks

 21:25:02 <stgraber> perfect

 21:25:03 <Laney> cheers all

 21:25:05 <stgraber> #topic Adjustment to backports upload policy (cjwatson)

 21:25:21 <cjwatson> https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/technical-board/2012-January/001166.html

 21:25:45 <cjwatson> OK, so as I noted in the mail, I *think* this is an editorial change, but broder seemed to have a different reading so I wanted to make sure I was correct

 21:26:32 * cjwatson gives people a bit to read

 21:27:08 * micahg doesn't think uploading to -updates or -security directly should be allowed

 21:27:38 <cjwatson> I don't think I was suggesting that as such

 21:28:04 <micahg> no, but I think it might be able to be inferred :)

 21:28:06 <cjwatson> ubuntu-security is currently a celebrity though and I think that ought to eventually be fixed

 21:28:07 <kees> Yeah, I think whitelist would be better than blacklist here. "Uploads to all pockets: ~ubuntu-core-dev for all components"

 21:28:17 <kees> i.e. not -updates and -security

 21:28:31 <cjwatson> anyway, none of this supersedes the general prohibitions on uploading to certain pockets

 21:28:33 <kees> just a language change, I'm fine with the intent

 21:28:38 <cjwatson> I can clarify that explicitly in the LP bug if needed

 21:28:41 <kees> right, cool.

 21:29:20 <mdz> I'm not sure I follow

 21:29:38 <mdz> are you saying that you want the policy to remain the same despite the underlying technical restrictions changing?

 21:29:41 <cjwatson> mostly I just wanted to make sure that the TB hadn't intended to prohibit -backporters from uploading to backports; that's what Evan writes in his report of the relevant meeting, but it contradicts my memory of my intent

 21:29:45 <cjwatson> no

 21:29:51 <cjwatson> s/my intent/our intent/

 21:30:57 <cjwatson> in general, I want to make it easier for ubuntu-backporters to do things that currently only ubuntu-archive / ubuntu-core-dev (variously) can do

 21:31:04 <cjwatson> where it pertains to the backports pocket

 21:31:08 <mdz> makes sense

 21:31:52 <stgraber> having the backport team be able to manage their pocket and upload to any component of it sounds good to me.

 21:32:34 <Laney> the bug is more general because AFAICT that is how the feature in LP should be. It'll be a separate decision for the TB to decide which delegations to grant.

 21:32:35 <cjwatson> specifically, relative to now, I want them to be able to manage queues for the backports pocket (agreed in last meeting, AFAIK uncontroversial), and upload to backports regardless of component (I thought we agreed this in the last meeting but it wasn't in the write-up, so I'm suggesting we make it explicit if everyone agrees)

 21:33:09 <mdz> I don't remember that discussion...at the 9 Jan meeting?

 21:33:20 <cjwatson> the write-up is written in terms of closing an anomaly which we believed to exist but which turned out not to exist, and therefore the write-up is confusing

 21:33:32 <cjwatson> at the meeting that coincided with UDS

 21:33:48 <mdz> oh, so October

 21:33:51 <mdz> I think I missed that meeting

 21:33:58 <mdz> which explains why I'm confused

 21:34:33 <mdz> I abstain

 21:34:44 <cjwatson> November, I think - hunting logs

 21:34:50 <cjwatson> http://irclogs.ubuntu.com/2011/11/03/%23ubuntu-meeting.html

 21:35:09 <cjwatson> you were present

 21:35:52 <cjwatson> http://irclogs.ubuntu.com/2011/11/03/%23ubuntu-meeting.html#t18:52 - ah, it was incomplete and finished next meeting

 21:36:02 <cjwatson> http://irclogs.ubuntu.com/2011/11/17/%23ubuntu-meeting.html#t18:12

 21:36:52 <mdz> yes, I believe I missed 11/28

 21:36:57 <mdz> anyway, I don't want to hold things up

 21:36:59 <stgraber> so basically the question is: do we agree that members of the backport team can upload to the backport pocket, whatever the component and without any relation to their upload rights to the release pocket?

 21:37:30 <stgraber> anyway, that's a +1 for me

 21:37:50 <mdz> +0, I'll support the consensus

 21:38:28 <cjwatson> stgraber: yes.  I'm sorry that this seems to require set theory notation to express clearly :-)

 21:39:31 <stgraber> kees: ?

 21:39:44 <cjwatson> my position is basically that the backports team has by this point a long track record of responsibility and we should let them get on with it :)

 21:39:49 <cjwatson> so +1 in case that isn't obvious

 21:43:27 <stgraber> hmm, looks like we lost kees, quickly scanning the mailing-list for things we might have missed

 21:43:47 <kees> +1

 21:43:54 <stgraber> kees: thanks

 21:44:51 <stgraber> #agreed Backport team is allowed to upload to the backport pocket in any of its components whatever the person's upload rights to the main archive are

 21:44:59 <stgraber> #topic tmpfs for /tmp

 21:45:35 <stgraber> we received: https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/technical-board/2012-January/001167.html

 21:46:05 <stgraber> is that something we want to discuss now or should discuss by e-mail/bug report?

 21:46:48 <kees> I've been against a tmpfs /tmp because it doesn't seem to really solve anything.

 21:46:52 <stgraber> I vaguely remember us (or maybe another distro, I said vaguely ...) mounting /tmp as tmpfs if / was full or close to being full but can't find any trace of that on my system, so maybe it disappeared (or I was just dreaming)

 21:47:15 <cjwatson> I am nervous about that mail because it is definitely missing some things; the installer's partitioning rules would certainly need to be adjusted.

 21:47:16 * soren stubmles in

 21:47:19 <stgraber> as the guy who runs hundreds of containers on his machines, I'm definitely against tmpfs by default as it'd basically kill my system

 21:47:31 <kees> stgraber: yeah, it to try to avoid apt/dpkg pain in the face of a full fs.

 21:47:32 <soren> Gosh, I'm so sorry I (pretty much) missed this meeting!

 21:47:34 <kees> no idea where that went

 21:47:44 <cjwatson> stgraber: it used to exist in Ubuntu; Ian added t, I think

 21:47:47 <cjwatson> *it

 21:47:56 <cjwatson> "mountoverflowtmp" or some such?

 21:48:16 <cjwatson> but I think that's mostly sideways to psusi's proposal

 21:48:27 <stgraber> cjwatson: yeah, looks like we might have lost it with the switch to mountall?

 21:48:53 <stgraber> (I quickly scanned /etc and mountall's code for anything related to tmpfs and couldn't find a trace of it)

 21:49:05 <cjwatson> the initscripts changelog says it was replaced by an upstart job

 21:49:36 <stgraber> which apparently got dropped (or my grepping skills disappeared recently)

 21:49:46 <cjwatson> I'm kind of -0.5 on this because I don't feel the system performs well in some cases when tmpfses fill up

 21:49:53 <cjwatson> but I don't have a clear written-up rationale

 21:50:28 <cjwatson> some people with particular system use models seem to prefer it and I certainly think it should be a supported model

 21:50:38 <stgraber> I know some of my systems (most?) would start crashing if they were using tmpfs (obviously depending on what gets written to /tmp)

 21:50:54 <micahg> also, /run is already a tmpfs

 21:51:10 <cjwatson> but I find myself unable to support it as the default

 21:51:30 <stgraber> my understanding is that it's essentially a one line change in /lib/init/fstab (or through /etc/fstab) to change the fstype from "none" to "tmpfs"

 21:51:31 <cjwatson> micahg: right, but the bug is specifically asking for /tmp, not just for tmpfses to exist

 21:51:58 <micahg> right, I was just pointing out the decreasing need for such a thing as stuff is being migrated to /run

 21:52:12 <stgraber> micahg: yeah, so far I haven't seen a badly written piece of software fill up my /run though I definitely did for /tmp, /run is pretty new, I'm sure it'll come :)

 21:52:15 <cjwatson> micahg: I'm not sure I agree, but in any case I think it's moot :)

 21:52:25 <micahg> oh, sorry for the noise then :)(

 21:52:44 <cjwatson> stgraber: lines in /etc/fstab for a given mount point will override /lib/init/fstab - people shouldn't ever need to change the latter

 21:53:09 <cjwatson> I think this would benefit from e-mail discussion

 21:54:16 <stgraber> agreed, then we can update the bug based on the outcome (and get rid of a pretty old bug potentially)

 21:54:28 <stgraber> #topic Chair for next meeting

 21:54:34 <stgraber> soren: ^

 21:54:37 <soren> I guess that will be me :)

 21:54:52 <stgraber> perfect

 21:54:56 <stgraber> #topic AOB

 21:55:18 <soren> I hope I don't triggers kees's OCD too hard :)

 21:55:21 <kees> heheh

 21:55:46 <stgraber> we can just move backward through the list of that helps kees' ocd :)

 21:55:53 <cjwatson> odc

 21:56:04 <kees> no need. :)

 21:56:32 <stgraber> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/AlanBell/mootbot)