#title #ubuntu-meeting Meeting

Meeting started by s-fox at 22:07:59 UTC.  The full logs are available
at
http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2012/ubuntu-meeting.2012-11-15-22.07.log.html
.



== Meeting summary ==

 *Ubuntu Membership Board Meeting 22:00 UTC
  *Zilvador's application  (s-fox, 22:09:17)

 *Zilvador application



Meeting ended at 22:23:51 UTC.



== Votes ==




== Action items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * Zilvador (19)
 * s-fox (19)
 * meetingology (4)
 * cjohnston (3)
 * PabloRubianes (1)
 * micahg (0)



== Full Log ==


 22:07:59 <s-fox> #startmeeting

 22:07:59 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Nov 15 22:07:59 2012 UTC.  The chair is s-fox. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 22:07:59 <meetingology> 

 22:07:59 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 22:08:03 <s-fox> Mwhahaa

 22:08:19 <s-fox> #voters s-fox cjohnston PabloRubianes micahg

 22:08:19 <meetingology> Current voters: PabloRubianes cjohnston micahg s-fox

 22:08:51 <s-fox> #topic Ubuntu Membership Board Meeting 22:00 UTC

 22:09:17 <s-fox> #subtopic Zilvador's application

 22:09:23 <s-fox> *sigh*

 22:09:30 <s-fox> #topic Zilvador application

 22:09:39 <s-fox> Zilvador,  can you please introduce yourself?

 22:09:45 <Zilvador> Indeed

 22:10:00 <Zilvador> I am a 26 year old Dane

 22:10:31 <Zilvador> I am a computer science post grad student who have been using Ubuntu as a main OS since 2007

 22:10:41 <Zilvador> I have been actually contributing since 2010

 22:11:05 <Zilvador> When I became a member of the Danish translation team on Launchpad

 22:11:53 <Zilvador> I was initially very active in translating the Ubuntu Manual to Danish...and was involved in other translation projects as well

 22:12:40 <Zilvador> Since then I have also been active in bug management on Launchpad...mainly finding duplicates as well as also doing my best to report bugs on my own and offer all information possible

 22:12:46 <Zilvador> *necessary

 22:12:56 <s-fox> Nice work :)  Is anyone from the danish translation team here to support your application?

 22:13:33 <Zilvador> No, I have not asked any to be here today :)

 22:14:24 <Zilvador> Even though I did back in 2010 work quite a lot together with the members of the list, my studies took a lot of my time later. They usually work with po files, but I found it more liberating to work directly in Launchpad

 22:14:34 <PabloRubianes> Zilvador: are you involve in the Danish LoCo team?

 22:15:12 <s-fox> it is just that your wiki doesn't have any testimonials, sort of important thing we look for.  what about your loco team, anyone here to support you ?

 22:15:28 <Zilvador> I am a member, but have not had the possibility to join an actual event yet. Unfortunately I live in a far end of my country

 22:15:52 <Zilvador> I have not asked any one to be here today, no.

 22:16:29 <Zilvador> But if testemonials are important, I can ask key persons to add some :)

 22:16:43 <s-fox> If you could that would be super great :)

 22:18:02 <s-fox> Zilvador,  i have been looking at your wiki page and you say you want to get involved with writing code?  perhaps you could get involved with a small project?

 22:18:28 <Zilvador> Yes, I have in fact been considering that.

 22:18:54 <s-fox> Zilvador,  i know a project with some nice friendly folks that need a bit of help if you are interested?  mostly python

 22:19:19 <Zilvador> Indeed I am :)

 22:19:47 <s-fox> Zilvador,  okay, cool.  after the meeting join #ubuntu-accomplshments and speak to myself or cielak :)

 22:20:19 <s-fox> Zilvador,  for the next meeting do you think you could get the testimonials?

 22:21:11 <Zilvador> I will talk to people. I guess the best would be to add me to the agenda when I believe to have enough.

 22:21:43 <s-fox> okay, thanks.  i am really sorry we can't do the vote tonight, but next time it should be a lot easier :)

 22:21:56 <cjohnston> Zilvador: the next meeting will probably be next month, so you have some time prior to it to find some.

 22:22:15 <Zilvador> Don't worry :). I was first of all interested in knowing what you were looking for.

 22:22:34 <Zilvador> Thank you. Sounds good.

 22:23:01 <cjohnston> Zilvador: I guess maybe we need to work on getting our docs better.. I'll try to ping you in the next couple of days and see if I can get some feedback from you on the instructions for how to apply and try to make them more clear.

 22:23:18 <s-fox> Alright, i think that is it :)

 22:23:34 <Zilvador> cjohnston, I would appreciate any help. Thank you.

 22:23:44 <s-fox> thanks for coming people

 22:23:49 <cjohnston> thanks Zilvador!

 22:23:51 <s-fox> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)