#title #ubuntu-meeting Meeting

Meeting started by skaet at 15:00:05 UTC.  The full logs are available
at
http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2012/ubuntu-meeting.2012-09-14-15.00.log.html
.



== Meeting summary ==

''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ReleaseTeam/Meeting/2012-09-14   (skaet, 15:00:14)
''LINK:'' https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-September/001926.html - QA - gema  (skaet, 15:00:59)
''LINK:'' https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-September/001927.html - desktop - didrocks  (skaet, 15:00:59)
''LINK:'' https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-September/001928.html - security - mdeslaur  (skaet, 15:00:59)
''LINK:'' https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-September/001929.html - HWCert - brendand  (skaet, 15:00:59)
''LINK:'' https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-September/001930.html - kernel - ogasawara  (skaet, 15:01:00)
''LINK:'' https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-September/001931.html - ubuntu one - joshuahoover  (skaet, 15:01:02)
''LINK:'' https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-September/001932.html - community - balloons  (skaet, 15:01:05)
''LINK:'' https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-September/001933.html - server - arosales  (skaet, 15:01:07)
''LINK:'' https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-September/001934.html - linaro - fabo  (skaet, 15:01:09)
''LINK:'' https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-September/001935.html - Unity - popey  (skaet, 15:01:11)
''LINK:'' https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-September/001936.html - foundations - ogra_  (skaet, 15:01:15)
''LINK:'' https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-September/001938.html - kubuntu - RIddell  (skaet, 15:01:17)
 *Comments and Questions



Meeting ended at 15:54:55 UTC.



== Votes ==




== Action items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * skaet (111)
 * didrocks (30)
 * popey (16)
 * Riddell (11)
 * jbicha (11)
 * gema (8)
 * ogra_ (8)
 * marek_ (6)
 * ubottu (6)
 * arosales (5)
 * smartboyhw (5)
 * mdeslaur (3)
 * meetingology (3)
 * plars (2)
 * jibel (2)
 * xnox (1)
 * brendand (1)
 * stgraber (1)



== Full Log ==


 15:00:05 <skaet> #startmeeting

 15:00:05 <meetingology> Meeting started Fri Sep 14 15:00:05 2012 UTC.  The chair is skaet. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 15:00:05 <meetingology> 

 15:00:05 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 15:00:05 <smartboyhw> \o

 15:00:12 <didrocks> \o

 15:00:14 <skaet> Weekly Release Agenda (and minute location):

 15:00:14 <skaet> https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ReleaseTeam/Meeting/2012-09-14

 15:00:14 <skaet> .

 15:00:14 <skaet> Upcoming dates:

 15:00:14 <skaet> 12.10

 15:00:14 <skaet> 2012/09/20: 12.10 Beta 2 Freeze,  DocString Freeze at 2100 UTC

 15:00:15 <arosales> \o hello

 15:00:17 <skaet> 2012/09/27: 12.10 Beta 2

 15:00:19 <skaet> 2012/10/04: Kernel Freeze and Desktop Infrastructure Freeze at 2100 UTC

 15:00:21 <skaet> 2012/10/09: Translation Deadline at 1030 UTC and Final Freeze at 2100 UTC

 15:00:23 <skaet> .

 15:00:25 <skaet> Bugs:

 15:00:27 <skaet> Development teams are trying to fix: http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-q-tracking-bug-tasks.html

 15:00:30 <skaet> To be considered for fixing: http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-q-incoming-bug-tasks.html

 15:00:31 <brendand> \o

 15:00:33 <skaet> .

 15:00:35 <skaet> Work Items:

 15:00:37 <skaet> 2012/09/14 -  2996 (was 3025  - 2012/08/31):   Thank you for the recent push to clean up the feature status.  :)

 15:00:40 <skaet> We are still behind the trendline for some of the projects.  Please help get us back where we should be by making sure https://launchpad.net/~/+upcomingwork is up to date for your tasks. If something is clearly not going to make it this cycle, please mark it POSTPONED.

 15:00:46 <skaet> .

 15:00:59 <skaet> Weekly Status Received:

 15:00:59 <skaet> https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-September/001926.html - QA - gema

 15:00:59 <skaet> https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-September/001927.html - desktop - didrocks

 15:00:59 <skaet> https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-September/001928.html - security - mdeslaur

 15:00:59 <skaet> https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-September/001929.html - HWCert - brendand

 15:01:00 <skaet> https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-September/001930.html - kernel - ogasawara

 15:01:02 <skaet> https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-September/001931.html - ubuntu one - joshuahoover

 15:01:05 <skaet> https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-September/001932.html - community - balloons

 15:01:07 <skaet> https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-September/001933.html - server - arosales

 15:01:09 <skaet> https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-September/001934.html - linaro - fabo

 15:01:11 <skaet> https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-September/001935.html - Unity - popey

 15:01:15 <skaet> https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-September/001936.html - foundations - ogra_

 15:01:17 <skaet> https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-September/001938.html - kubuntu - RIddell

 15:01:19 <skaet> ?? - edubuntu - stgraber

 15:01:21 <skaet> ?? - xubuntu - knome

 15:01:23 <skaet> ?? - Ubuntu Studio - ScottL

 15:01:25 <skaet> ?? - Lubuntu - gilir

 15:01:27 <skaet> #topic Comments and Questions

 15:01:31 <Riddell> hi

 15:01:49 <skaet> hello arosales, brendand, didrocks, ogra_, smartboyhw  - who else is around?

 15:01:54 <gema> o/

 15:02:17 <skaet> hiya Riddell, gema

 15:02:27 <stgraber> skaet: nothing exciting happened for Edubuntu since beta-1.

 15:02:54 <smartboyhw> scott-work is missing completely...

 15:03:30 <skaet> stgraber, ack.

 15:03:42 <skaet> anyone have any burning questions to raise before I start into my set?

 15:04:20 <skaet> (if so,   'o/' to let us know)

 15:04:27 <skaet> To make sure we�re all as efficient as possible in this critical bug fixing/polishing up time,  http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-q-incoming-bug-tasks.html

 15:04:27 <skaet> should be kept as close to 0 as possible.   Teams with more than 5 in their queue right now are:

 15:04:27 <skaet> desktop: 16

 15:04:27 <skaet> dx (product strategy): 8

 15:04:27 <skaet> foundations: 11

 15:04:29 <skaet> didrocks, popey, ogra_ - can you work with your teams to get these sorted by monday?

 15:04:42 <ogra_> sure :)

 15:04:52 <didrocks> skaet: sure, I already taken down the number, but will continue

 15:04:55 * jbicha waves

 15:05:00 <popey> yup

 15:05:20 <skaet> thanks ogra_ ,  didrocks,  popey.   :)   appreciate the efforts so far.

 15:06:10 <skaet> gema,  I was working through: http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/qa/qa-open-bugs-quantal.html,  and finding some bugs without rls-q-incoming tag or being targetted to a series.   Could you do a pass through the bugs to make sure that the tag is present, on all those that are NOT already targetted to a series, so they get into the development team�s triaging flow?

 15:06:38 <gema> skaet: sure, I can do that on Monday european morning

 15:06:48 <skaet> thanks gema.  :)

 15:07:02 <skaet> didrocks, not spotting bug: 927168, bug: 1047306 or bug: 966744 on your working on list, and they�re indicated as critical in  http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-q-tracking-bug-tasks.html,   can you look into them?

 15:07:05 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 927168 in Compiz "compiz crashed with SIGSEGV in memmove() from drisw_update_tex_buffer() from dri_set_tex_buffer2() from drisw_bind_tex_image() from __glXBindTexImageEXT() from TfpTexture::enable() from enableFragmentOperationsAndDrawGeometry()" [Critical,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/927168

 15:07:06 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 966744 in xserver-xorg-video-intel (Ubuntu Quantal) "[i965] Resume from suspend leaves me with black screen or a screen of the desktop before it suspended. Compiz hung in intel_update_renderbuffers() from intel_prepare_render() from brw_draw_prims()" [Critical,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/966744

 15:07:44 <didrocks> skaet: yeah, it's a bug between PS and us, people are already working on it, but not trivial

 15:08:11 <skaet> popey,  ^  can you help from your side too on those?

 15:08:48 <popey> sure, but I think our "best minds" are on it

 15:08:56 <didrocks> skaet: bug #1047306 isn't relevant right now, as I reverted mesa because of it last week (so not impacting us, just in case if we reupload mesa without doing anything)

 15:08:58 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1047306 in mesa (Ubuntu Quantal) "[Quantal] [Intel Atom] Mesa 2012/09/07 updates broke it all" [Critical,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1047306

 15:09:02 <didrocks> skaet: not sure how it should be marked then?

 15:09:55 <skaet> didrocks,  if its not relevant,  probably marking it INVALID for the moment,  but keeping note of it in case it shows up again later?

 15:10:19 <didrocks> skaet: yeah, or I will change the bug title for now, tjaalton is working on it to reupload the new mesa without the regression

 15:10:27 <jibel> skaet, it's not invalid because it is a real bug that have been reverted and being worked on

 15:10:50 <skaet> popey,  just wasn't seeing them listed in the working on lists,  so wanted to make sure they actually were being "worked on"  :)

 15:11:00 <popey> sure, will make sure they are

 15:11:09 <skaet> jibel,   what do you recommend then?

 15:11:39 * didrocks adds "[Mesa reverted, not impacting quantal right now]" in front of the bug title

 15:11:56 <jibel> in progress seems right to me

 15:12:00 * skaet likes that.  Thanks didrocks.

 15:12:05 <didrocks> yw :)

 15:12:49 <skaet> ok jibel,  looks like we've got a way to denote it for now then.    probably need to ponder conventions on how to denote bugs of things not in the current archive at some point.

 15:13:14 <skaet> bug in upstream, but not in the ubuntu portion.

 15:13:42 <skaet> ..

 15:14:12 <skaet> didrocks,  any concerns about the timing of the landing of ubuntu one�s FFe (bug: 1042343)?

 15:14:41 <skaet> bug: 1042343

 15:14:54 * skaet wonders what happened to ubottu

 15:15:19 <didrocks> skaet: depends if it lands next week or not. I'll get ken checking on the status again

 15:15:37 <popey> Launchpad bug 1042343 in Ubuntu One Client "[FFE] Ubuntu One integration with Q sync indicator" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1042343

 15:15:48 <ubottu> Error: Could not gather data from Launchpad for bug #1042343 (https://launchpad.net/bugs/1042343). The error has been logged

 15:15:53 <popey> pfft

 15:15:57 <didrocks> thanks popeybuttu :)

 15:16:02 <popey> /nick popeybot

 15:16:05 <ogra_> heh

 15:16:10 <skaet> thanks didrocks,  popeybot  :)

 15:16:28 <skaet> ..

 15:16:43 <skaet> mdelaur,  re: FF16 landing on Final Freeze date,  if it can be reviewed and included before 2100 that would be best.  Is this possible?

 15:19:25 <skaet> hmm... not seeing him for now,  moving on to next question

 15:19:33 <skaet> popey, are the unity development teams keeping the Features separated from the bug fixes until after the FFE�s are approved?

 15:20:51 <skaet> mdeslaur, ^  sorry,  typo in your nick.   see question re: FF16

 15:21:19 <mdeslaur> one sec

 15:21:46 <mdeslaur> skaet: ah, I'll see with micahg if that's possible

 15:22:04 <skaet> thanks mdeslaur.

 15:22:05 <mdeslaur> if not, no biggie, we can just do a day 0 security update

 15:22:34 <skaet> ok.

 15:22:37 <skaet> ..

 15:23:15 * skaet wondering if popey is still around?

 15:23:39 <skaet> moving on for now then.

 15:23:42 <skaet> rosales, spotted a FTBFS that�s been lurking for a bit,  updated its milestone https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/genshi/+bug/935516 - will this get fixed before beta 2?

 15:23:43 <popey> sorry, someone just arrived at my house

 15:23:45 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 935516 in genshi (Ubuntu Quantal) "genshi version 0.6-2 FTBFS on i386 in precise" [High,Triaged]

 15:23:57 * skaet having serious trouble with nick's today.

 15:24:05 <skaet> arosales, ^

 15:24:45 <arosales> skaet: I'll take a look.

 15:24:53 <skaet> thanks arosales.

 15:24:56 <arosales> should be able to get resolved before beta2 :-)

 15:24:56 <skaet> :)

 15:25:14 <skaet> ..

 15:25:40 <arosales> ..

 15:26:00 <skaet> popey,  do you know if we'll have the ability to revert FFe's if they cause problems or not?  (ie. mixing in features with bug fixes, could make it *interesting* :P )

 15:26:11 <popey> hmm

 15:26:50 <popey> not something I'd considered, I'll have to admit, and we'll have to figure a plan for that if it happens

 15:27:03 <popey> the plan being, not to mix in the first place I imagine ;)

 15:27:04 <popey> ..

 15:27:15 <didrocks> yeah, but that's not really the case unfortunately :/

 15:27:23 <popey> ok

 15:27:28 <didrocks> skaet: https://docs.google.com/a/canonical.com/document/d/1kiVPg0U7VJpHt21y-Qm9VtnLxsTmKHfBmA2B16yLGzc/edit# if you want to have the trunk status of FF violation

 15:27:39 <didrocks> (and most of fixes are melt with features)

 15:27:57 <didrocks> PS do now have a separate unity and nux trunks

 15:28:12 <didrocks> but that's only from yesterday, so the melting is already quite large in trunk "quantal"

 15:28:24 <didrocks> and that doesn't cover all the rest of the stack

 15:28:36 <didrocks> (lenses in particular and libunity for now)

 15:28:39 <didrocks> ..

 15:28:45 <skaet> didrocks,  thanks for that summary,  not sure its going to make me sleep much better at night though.

 15:29:00 <skaet> popey,  who should we meet with to see if we can get some risk mitigation going>

 15:29:02 <skaet> ?

 15:29:50 <popey> olli/pat i think

 15:30:32 <skaet> popey,  ok,  you want to set something up, or me to?

 15:31:04 <popey> I can, after the meeting, I'll grab you

 15:31:10 <skaet> thanks :)

 15:32:44 * skaet looks around for any one else having questions on the other teams status'

 15:32:55 <skaet> balloons,  for the new test cases,  can I assume that the development teams have reviewed and signed off on the new ones added?

 15:33:15 <smartboyhw> skaet: Isn't balloons not coming to the meeting?

 15:33:27 <smartboyhw> That's what he said in the weekly status report

 15:33:58 <skaet> thanks smartboyhw,  missed that.

 15:34:13 <smartboyhw> NP:)

 15:34:45 <skaet> ScottK, Riddell - can you provide a bit more background on taglib FFE - bug #?

 15:35:27 <Riddell> amarok requested it

 15:35:35 <Riddell> some bug fixes and new formats supported

 15:35:38 <Riddell> needs testing

 15:36:02 <Riddell> bug 1050463

 15:36:03 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1050463 in taglib (Ubuntu Quantal) "FFe update to 1.8" [Undecided,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1050463

 15:36:29 <Riddell> so if you use any out of `apt-cache rdepends libtag1c2a` then please test it

 15:36:52 <skaet> when do you think it will be ready to land?   (enough testing to be sure?)

 15:37:04 <Riddell> it's ready, it's in my ~jr PPA

 15:37:11 <Riddell> just needs testing to get the FFe approved

 15:37:16 <Riddell> it works find for me in amarok

 15:37:29 <Riddell> xnox was testing the russian version but I've not heard back

 15:37:51 <Riddell> there's two builds of taglib which is pretty inelegant

 15:38:10 <xnox> well.... i have them installed, but didn't test yet =)

 15:38:39 <marek_> hi all, im newbie ;)

 15:38:46 <marek_> and sorry for my bad enlish

 15:38:56 <skaet> thanks for the background,  Riddell

 15:39:20 <skaet> ..

 15:39:41 <marek_> i ve got lenovo z580, i want to configure my touchpad, i use this script: http://www.mepis.org/docs/en/index.php?title=Configuring_the_touchpad_with_xinput

 15:39:45 <marek_> but now right touchpad button works like left

 15:40:01 <marek_> do You know how i can repair it? ;)

 15:40:06 <jbicha> o/

 15:41:03 <jbicha> or I could just discuss on #ubuntu-release if this meeting's over

 15:41:03 <skaet> marek_,   best place for those sort of questions is in #ubuntu,   could you please ask there?

 15:41:24 <skaet> go ahead jbicha,   I've gotten most of my questions asked.

 15:41:31 <marek_> ok thanks

 15:41:32 <skaet> (well almost ;) )

 15:42:09 <jbicha> I've seen a bunch of UIFE's in the past couple of days, but with docs freeze very soon, there's not much time to get those done

 15:42:13 <ogra_> marek_, wrong channel, there is a meeting in progress here, try #ubuntu

 15:42:28 <ogra_> (oh, skaet was faste)

 15:42:29 <jbicha> let me know if there's UIFEs that haven't been looked at yet

 15:42:30 <ogra_> r

 15:43:02 <jbicha> are the approved Unity UIFE's in the unity-staging PPA? because I can use that for screenshots

 15:43:18 <didrocks> jbicha: I know there are some PS side, unfortunately the design is not finished yet and still tweaking (they are on a sprint)

 15:43:19 <skaet> jbicha,  ok,  I'm building up a list as I encounter them.   Will share it with you, and you can see if I've missed some you're aware of too.

 15:43:31 <didrocks> jbicha: and not everything is yet merged, but I would let popey answering more

 15:44:09 <jbicha> didrocks: they should do their sprint before UIFe if it involves UI tweaks ;)

 15:44:19 <didrocks> jbicha: I more than agree…

 15:44:26 <skaet> +1 from me as well!

 15:45:00 <didrocks> jbicha: most of the changes are in the preview space, so you can mostly do the rest safely I think

 15:45:33 <didrocks> jbicha: the other tweaks are shadow which doesn't really worth if it changes and the doc screenshot is not up to date

 15:45:45 <didrocks> (this is from what I know)

 15:46:47 <skaet> ..?

 15:46:51 <popey> jbicha, if you need assistance getting screenshots from latest features, let me know if I can help..

 15:46:51 <jbicha> ok, we probably won't even discuss the previews feature this cycle

 15:46:54 <popey> ..

 15:46:59 <didrocks> skaet: sorry, not used to .. ;) yeah ..

 15:47:30 <skaet> thanks popey, jbicha, didrocks.  :)

 15:47:39 <jbicha> popey: ok, I wrote a script last cycle to semi-automate the screenshots so updating them is a bit easier than it used to be

 15:47:47 <jbicha> thanks

 15:48:31 <gema> o/ (different topic)

 15:48:51 <jbicha> ..

 15:49:13 <skaet> popey, ogra_, didrocks, arosales - could I ask you to take a careful review through gema's QA status after meeting and decide what to do with the obsolete configs that seem to be lurking?

 15:49:32 <skaet> gema, ^ was that it?   or something different

 15:49:39 <ogra_> not right after meeting, but yeah, tonight i can

 15:49:40 <gema> skaet: different

 15:49:51 <skaet> thanks ogra_

 15:49:58 <didrocks> will have a look as well (not after meeting, but for monday)

 15:50:19 <skaet> ..

 15:50:21 <arosales> skaet: will take a look and discuss with the team.

 15:50:32 <skaet> ok gema,  go ahead.

 15:51:11 <gema> skaet: I just wanted to let everyone know that from next week onwards, plars will be attending this meeting

 15:51:21 <gema> he is taking over old jibel's responsibilities

 15:51:30 <plars> well I'm here today too... so this week onward I suppose :)

 15:51:36 <skaet> thanks gema.   welcome plars.  :)

 15:51:44 <plars> thanks!

 15:51:46 <gema> yep, I may be sitting on the background but will keep quiet from now on :D

 15:52:04 <gema> ..

 15:52:21 <skaet> :)

 15:52:29 <ogra_> plars, ! good to have you back !

 15:52:31 <ogra_> :)

 15:52:42 * skaet looks if anyone else has comments/questions before EOM?

 15:53:27 <didrocks> o/

 15:53:48 <didrocks> just a small warning: next week, GNOME 3.5.92 release (RC)

 15:54:06 <didrocks> should be a minor 3.5.91 -> 3.5.92 update and be on time for beta2 freeze

 15:54:18 <didrocks> ..

 15:54:38 <skaet> thanks didrocks.

 15:54:52 <skaet> ok,  feeling like EOM time...

 15:54:55 <skaet> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)