#title #ubuntu-meeting Meeting

Meeting started by bodhizazen at 06:03:53 UTC.  The full logs are
available at
http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2012/ubuntu-meeting.2012-02-01-06.03.log.html
.



== Meeting summary ==

 *Reverse Ripfox Ban
''ACTION:'' Ban revered on Ripfox, Iowan to send PM / E-mail  (bodhizazen, 06:15:31)

 *Buffalo Soldier Sub-forum request
''LINK:'' http://ubuntuforums.org/showthread.php?t=1891534   (bodhizazen, 06:16:00)
''ACTION:'' Ask buffalo soldier to contact canonical and get back to us  (bodhizazen, 06:22:16)

 *CC meeting

 *
''ACTION:'' s-fox to follow up on Zareason =)  (bodhizazen, 06:28:15)

 *Community building ideas
''LINK:'' http://askubuntu.com/questions/100407/how-to-improve-the-launcher-and-the-menus-usability   (bodhizazen, 06:35:16)
''LINK:'' http://askubuntu.com/questions/100288/things-to-do-on-ubuntu-to-get-experienced   (bodhizazen, 06:37:19)

 *Division of Labor
''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/TeamReports   (bodhizazen, 06:52:07)
''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/TeamReports/December2011   (bodhizazen, 06:52:22)
''LINK:'' http://ubuntuforums.org/forumdisplay.php?f=404   (bodhizazen, 06:53:15)

 *wolfen69 for membership
''ACTION:'' coffeecat will review UF applicants and post in chit chat  (bodhizazen, 07:03:18)

 *Open discussion

 *Identify FC chairperson



Meeting ended at 07:29:31 UTC.



== Votes ==


 * wolfen69 for membership
   For: 5 Against: 0 Abstained: 0

 * rafa.genupula for membership
   For: 2 Against: 0 Abstained: 3

 * Old_Gray_Wolf for membership
   For: 6 Against: 0 Abstained: 1

 * Ripfox a second chance
   For: 5 Against: 0 Abstained: 1

 * haqking for membership
   For: 6 Against: 0 Abstained: 0

 * Dangertux for membership
   For: 4 Against: 0 Abstained: 1

 * Ask Buffalo soldier to contact Canonical and get back to us
   For: 6 Against: 0 Abstained: 0



== Action items ==

 * Ban revered on Ripfox, Iowan to send PM / E-mail
 * Ask buffalo soldier to contact canonical and get back to us
 * s-fox to follow up on Zareason =)
 * coffeecat will review UF applicants and post in chit chat



== Action items, by person ==

 * coffeecat
 ** coffeecat will review UF applicants and post in chit chat
 * Iowan
 ** Ban revered on Ripfox, Iowan to send PM / E-mail
 * s-fox
 ** s-fox to follow up on Zareason =)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * bodhizazen (193)
 * meetingology (82)
 * s-fox (36)
 * Iowan (28)
 * Artificial_Intel (27)
 * coffeecat (27)
 * cariboo907 (16)
 * moergaes (16)
 * nothingspecial (2)
 * bkerensa (1)



== Full Log ==


 06:03:53 <bodhizazen> #startmeeting

 06:03:54 <meetingology> Meeting started Wed Feb  1 06:03:53 2012 UTC.  The chair is bodhizazen. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 06:03:54 <meetingology> 

 06:03:54 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 06:04:17 <bodhizazen> Again, who is here for the meeting =)

 06:04:20 <bodhizazen> o/

 06:04:25 <Artificial_Intel> o/

 06:04:26 <coffeecat> o/

 06:04:30 <Iowan> o/

 06:04:31 <cariboo907> o/

 06:04:33 <moergaes> Mörgæs o/

 06:04:39 <nothingspecial> o/

 06:05:12 <bodhizazen> I would like to go a bit out of order w/ the agenda

 06:05:27 <bodhizazen> First, thank you all around

 06:05:54 <bodhizazen> Thanks to the FC members who servered in the past, and thank you to the New FC members

 06:06:08 <bodhizazen> And thank you to the mod staff =)

 06:06:22 <bodhizazen> Is ripfox here ?

 06:06:36 <bodhizazen> [topic]Reverse Ripfox Ban

 06:07:08 <bodhizazen> Anyone here want to discuss Ripfox ?

 06:07:23 <Artificial_Intel> is he aware of this meeting today?

 06:07:31 <bodhizazen> Probably not

 06:08:04 <bodhizazen> I would say we can give Ripfox the benefit of the doubt here, and reverse the ban

 06:08:12 <bodhizazen> But it is probably a little too late

 06:08:19 <Iowan> What caused it?

 06:08:27 <Artificial_Intel> next time in such situation we need to send an e-mail to the person(s).

 06:08:58 * bodhizazen looks

 06:09:39 <cariboo907> I just checked Ripfox's history in the RC, he seems to have had problems with moderation since 2008

 06:09:54 <bodhizazen> Ripfox  - http://ubuntuforums.org/showthread.php?threadid=1881936

 06:11:26 <bodhizazen> Here is the thread in the RC - http://ubuntuforums.org/showthread.php?t=1877662

 06:11:48 <coffeecat> There were a number of strange RC threads in 2008 and then nothing until the Unity trolling business in 2011

 06:12:18 <Artificial_Intel> We can give him a second chance.

 06:12:31 <Iowan> I'd opt for "converting" the 15 pointer to 5

 06:12:40 <cariboo907> +1 for a second chance

 06:12:41 <bodhizazen> Well, the unity issue came up at sort of a bad time - I think most of the staff was sort of sick of it already

 06:13:15 <bodhizazen> [VOTE] Ripfox a second chance

 06:13:15 <meetingology> Please vote on: Ripfox a second chance

 06:13:15 <meetingology> Public votes can be registered by saying +1, +0 or -1 in channel, (private votes don't work yet, but when they do it will be by messaging the channel followed by +1/-1/+0 to me)

 06:13:17 <bodhizazen> +1

 06:13:17 <meetingology> +1 received from bodhizazen

 06:13:21 <coffeecat> +1

 06:13:21 <meetingology> +1 received from coffeecat

 06:13:23 <Artificial_Intel> +1

 06:13:23 <meetingology> +1 received from Artificial_Intel

 06:13:25 <cariboo907> +1

 06:13:25 <meetingology> +1 received from cariboo907

 06:13:26 <Iowan> +1

 06:13:26 <meetingology> +1 received from Iowan

 06:13:33 <moergaes> 0

 06:13:33 <meetingology> 0 received from moergaes

 06:13:41 <bodhizazen> [ENDVOTE] Ripfox a second chance

 06:13:41 <meetingology> Voting ended on: Ripfox a second chance

 06:13:41 <meetingology> Votes for:5 Votes against:0 Abstentions:1

 06:13:41 <meetingology> Motion carried

 06:13:55 <bodhizazen> OK aynone willing to PM / email Ripfox ?

 06:14:15 <Iowan> I will...

 06:14:47 <bodhizazen> Thanks, I reversed the infraction

 06:15:31 <bodhizazen> [ACTION] Ban revered on Ripfox, Iowan to send PM / E-mail

 06:15:31 * meetingology Ban revered on Ripfox, Iowan to send PM / E-mail

 06:15:49 <bodhizazen> [TOPIC]Buffalo Soldier Sub-forum request

 06:16:00 <bodhizazen> [LINK]http://ubuntuforums.org/showthread.php?t=1891534

 06:16:41 <bodhizazen> Buffalo Soldier or s-fox ?

 06:17:33 <bodhizazen> I would say +1 if Buffalo makes contact with Canonical first, but I am not sure how far along the process is

 06:17:52 <moergaes> How was it about having a general sub-forum for preinstalled Buntu?

 06:18:23 <moergaes> I mean, there could be many requests from small companies for a similar forum.

 06:19:09 * cariboo907 +1, but I'd like to see him go through Canonical

 06:19:17 <bodhizazen> Exactly

 06:19:31 <Artificial_Intel> or forums with with subs for each companies, like we have loco forums. Then we avoid mess

 06:19:46 <bodhizazen> I like the idea of promoting pre-installed Ubuntu / Linux, but I am uncomfortable with promoting this vs that product

 06:20:13 <bodhizazen> If we promote a product, IMO, it should be in conjunction with Canonical

 06:20:24 <Artificial_Intel> aye

 06:20:38 <coffeecat> agreed

 06:20:52 <cariboo907> As far as I'm concerned we (the forum) shouldn't play favourites

 06:20:57 <Iowan> I presume it was Canonical who established the current manufacturer sub forums

 06:21:06 <bodhizazen> [VOTE]Ask Buffalo soldier to contact Canonical and get back to us

 06:21:06 <meetingology> Please vote on: Ask Buffalo soldier to contact Canonical and get back to us

 06:21:06 <meetingology> Public votes can be registered by saying +1, +0 or -1 in channel, (private votes don't work yet, but when they do it will be by messaging the channel followed by +1/-1/+0 to me)

 06:21:07 * cariboo907 agrees

 06:21:10 <bodhizazen> Yes Iowan

 06:21:12 <bodhizazen> +1

 06:21:12 <meetingology> +1 received from bodhizazen

 06:21:16 <cariboo907> +1

 06:21:16 <meetingology> +1 received from cariboo907

 06:21:17 <coffeecat> +1

 06:21:17 <meetingology> +1 received from coffeecat

 06:21:17 <moergaes> 1

 06:21:18 <Artificial_Intel> +1

 06:21:18 <meetingology> +1 received from Artificial_Intel

 06:21:20 <Iowan> +1

 06:21:20 <meetingology> +1 received from Iowan

 06:21:30 <moergaes> +1

 06:21:30 <meetingology> +1 received from moergaes

 06:21:36 <bodhizazen> [ENDVOTE]

 06:21:36 <meetingology> Voting ended on: Ask Buffalo soldier to contact Canonical and get back to us

 06:21:36 <meetingology> Votes for:6 Votes against:0 Abstentions:0

 06:21:36 <meetingology> Motion carried

 06:21:52 <bodhizazen> Anyone willing to contact Buffalo soldier ?

 06:22:01 <moergaes> I can do it.

 06:22:11 * cariboo907 will

 06:22:16 <bodhizazen> [ACTION]Ask buffalo soldier to contact canonical and get back to us

 06:22:16 * meetingology Ask buffalo soldier to contact canonical and get back to us

 06:22:38 <bodhizazen> I think cariboo907 would be best =)

 06:22:57 <bodhizazen> [TOPIC] CC meeting

 06:23:14 <bodhizazen> It would be ideal if at least one FC could attend CC meetings =)

 06:23:36 <bodhizazen> They are at odd times (last I looked) an it will be difficult for me to attend

 06:24:05 <bodhizazen> We could rotate (see last item on agenda)

 06:24:23 <cariboo907> I haven't looked to see what time the meetings are at, so I can't say

 06:25:03 * cariboo907 checked, I can probably make it

 06:25:04 <bodhizazen> Along those lines, would be nice to see FC and staff promote ubuntu within other community venues - LP, wiki, IRC, ask ubuntu, and there is a community channel ??

 06:25:30 <Iowan> I'd be happy to attend, if time/date/memory all cooperate.

 06:25:47 <Artificial_Intel> last time I checked, their meetings are around 2-3 o'clock  in the morning for me, so I'll have difficulties to attend.

 06:25:51 <bodhizazen> Any more comments on CC meetings ?

 06:26:18 <cariboo907> the meetings are on the 1st and 3rd thursday at 17:00 UTC

 06:26:29 <bodhizazen> Exactly AI , the CC meets at inconvenient to all sorts of times

 06:26:58 <bodhizazen> I am going to skip to ZaReason sub forums

 06:27:10 <bodhizazen> [TOPIC]

 06:27:10 <bodhizazen> ZaReason Sub-Forum Idea

 06:27:22 <bodhizazen> Probably same as with Buffalo soldiger

 06:27:35 <Artificial_Intel> aye

 06:27:43 <bodhizazen> Have we had any "official" contact from Zareason or Canonical ?

 06:27:43 <Artificial_Intel> no news on that front?

 06:27:49 <cariboo907> +1 to that

 06:27:52 <coffeecat> Didn't ZaReason already contact Canonical?

 06:28:15 <bodhizazen> [ACTION]s-fox to follow up on Zareason =)

 06:28:15 * meetingology s-fox to follow up on Zareason =)

 06:28:42 <bodhizazen> [TOPIC]Community building ideas

 06:29:31 <bodhizazen> I would like to see more positive / support / social interactions with staff and community , and not all fighting with trolls and spam-ban

 06:29:42 <cariboo907> I was approched by effenberg0x0 about creating a bit of a community around the ubuntu +1 sub-forum

 06:29:50 <bodhizazen> Any ideas on how to promote community spirit of forums ?

 06:30:06 <bodhizazen> That would be great cariboo907

 06:30:20 <bodhizazen> I have been working on the ask ubuntu community

 06:30:49 <Artificial_Intel> interact in lighthearted topics in café, not only in the one that can explode any time soon.

 06:30:56 <cariboo907> effenberg0x0 and I are conducting a classroom session at UDW so i'll discuss it with him further

 06:31:06 <bodhizazen> ask ubuntu often refers conversations from ask ubuntu -> ubuntu fourms , I have make them aware we do not appreciate some of the topics though =)

 06:32:25 <bodhizazen> Also, staff in general should be aware of #ubuntu-community-team

 06:32:27 <cariboo907> unfortunately I have to leave for work, so I'll say good day to all

 06:32:52 <bodhizazen> It is sort of a gathering IRC channel for various people in various leadership positions across the community

 06:33:06 <Artificial_Intel> any exampel of this?

 06:33:22 <bodhizazen> example of what Artificial_Intel ?

 06:33:45 <Artificial_Intel> "ask ubuntu often refers conversations from ask ubuntu -> ubuntu fourms , I have make them aware we do not appreciate some of the topics though"

 06:34:14 <bodhizazen> I would have to dig some up ..

 06:34:17 * bodhizazen looks

 06:35:16 <bodhizazen> http://askubuntu.com/questions/100407/how-to-improve-the-launcher-and-the-menus-usability

 06:35:20 <bodhizazen> See comments

 06:36:27 <coffeecat> "I don't know where the right place for Unity feedback is, but this isn't it." Sounds familiar!

 06:37:12 <Artificial_Intel> An Unity sub forum?

 06:37:19 <bodhizazen> http://askubuntu.com/questions/100288/things-to-do-on-ubuntu-to-get-experienced

 06:37:37 <bodhizazen> "This sort of discussion is a better fit for the Ubuntu Forums. – Jorge Castro 10 hours ago "

 06:38:01 <bodhizazen> That sort of thing Artificial_Intel and coffeecat

 06:38:06 <bodhizazen> just FYI

 06:38:21 <Artificial_Intel> yea, there's no need to send the garbage to UF

 06:38:41 <bodhizazen> If I see a referral of a conversation that is more obviously trolling I object =)

 06:39:26 <bodhizazen> Yea, for now monitor it, there is some cross posting between ask ubuntu and the forums, support as well as conversation

 06:39:47 <coffeecat> Community spirit. How about involving the Ubuntu members (through forum contributions)?

 06:39:53 <bodhizazen> It is not as if we notice the referrals from ask ubuntu , the cafe is busy enough that IMO it is not a problem

 06:40:09 <bodhizazen> +1 coffeecat

 06:40:28 <bodhizazen> I would like to suggest adding 1-2 staff 1 month prior to a release

 06:41:03 <bodhizazen> and ask less active ones to step down, sort of keeps the staff and community working together and lessens burn out

 06:41:28 <Iowan> Criteria?

 06:41:32 <bodhizazen> Any other community building suggestions ?

 06:41:55 <bodhizazen> Criteria - Ubuntu fourms members + positive contributions

 06:42:16 <bkerensa> :)

 06:42:24 <bodhizazen> do not have criteria for stepping down ...

 06:42:37 <bodhizazen> Any other comments on community building ?

 06:43:21 <bodhizazen> I just wanted you all to keep in mind , we are community leaders, and we should make an effort to grow the community, recognize the positive contributions of othes , and work with the other community leaders

 06:43:38 <bodhizazen> A common comment on many teams in the community is isolation =)

 06:44:06 <Artificial_Intel> Can't we put this topic up in Staff chit chat.

 06:44:20 <bodhizazen> I did not necessarily think we would have a "solution" to this "problem" and I wish s-fox were here ;P

 06:44:25 <coffeecat> I'm still mulling over Ubuntu members.

 06:44:28 <bodhizazen> go for it Artificial_Intel

 06:44:38 <coffeecat> Don't have a conc rete suggestion.

 06:44:44 <bodhizazen> [TOPIC]Division of Labor

 06:45:20 <bodhizazen> It is sad to say, the FC has grown inactive in the last few months for a variety of reasons.

 06:45:55 <bodhizazen> I was wondering if it might be helpful to divide the tasks and "assign" certain tasks to certain members

 06:46:05 <bodhizazen> We could rotate tasks or not

 06:46:51 <Artificial_Intel> seems like a goode idea to try it out

 06:47:24 <bodhizazen> I posted an initial "to do" list here : http://ubuntuforums.org/showthread.php?t=1912368

 06:47:33 <Iowan> A to-do list would be helpful

 06:47:37 <bodhizazen> was hoping for any other suggestions I might have missed

 06:47:41 <Iowan> <out-typed!

 06:47:56 <bodhizazen> We can then assign FC - these two, Ubuntu membership - those two, etc

 06:48:40 <bodhizazen> I did not want to start assigning the tasks just yet, but suggest we start this month ?

 06:48:58 <bodhizazen> One person can approve mailings to the FC mailing list, etc

 06:49:37 <bodhizazen> We can touch base on assigning tasks in chit chat ?

 06:49:46 <Iowan> Which tasks are in deepest need - or are most?

 06:49:53 <s-fox> Hello

 06:49:53 <bodhizazen> How about if everyone selects something to do this month =)

 06:49:59 <coffeecat> Yes

 06:50:09 <bodhizazen> Deepest need - we need to , IMO

 06:50:14 <bodhizazen> 1. assess staff needs

 06:50:15 <Artificial_Intel> I don't mind having RC. I interact with people on professional level daily.

 06:50:25 <bodhizazen> 2. start up on the monthly team report

 06:50:30 <bodhizazen> do you all know what that is ?

 06:51:00 <s-fox> I can do #2

 06:51:41 <bodhizazen> OK

 06:51:51 <Iowan> i just reviewed it...

 06:52:07 <bodhizazen> [LINK]https://wiki.ubuntu.com/TeamReports

 06:52:22 <bodhizazen> [LINK]https://wiki.ubuntu.com/TeamReports/December2011

 06:52:35 <bodhizazen> We also need to get ubuntu forms members going pronto

 06:52:41 <bodhizazen> Encourage applications

 06:52:46 <bodhizazen> approve applications

 06:53:03 <coffeecat> I would like to volunteer for UBuntu members processes

 06:53:15 <bodhizazen> http://ubuntuforums.org/forumdisplay.php?f=404

 06:53:23 <bodhizazen> OK coffeecat

 06:53:36 <bodhizazen> How about if you review the pending applications

 06:53:41 <Iowan> I'd like to help with FC mailing list.

 06:53:41 <bodhizazen> post in chit chat,

 06:53:45 <bodhizazen> Ones to approve

 06:53:50 <bodhizazen> Ones to decline

 06:53:50 <coffeecat> Yes - I;ve been thinking about related matters too.

 06:53:57 <bodhizazen> and ones you need help with

 06:54:09 <s-fox> We have a backlog to process. +1 on getting on top of it

 06:54:19 <bodhizazen> The only one I think we need to discuss is wolfen69

 06:54:47 <bodhizazen> Keep in mind, eventually , if not now, all future staff have to be members

 06:55:02 <Iowan> Have we added a participation (calendar) reuiement?

 06:55:03 <bodhizazen> Encourage all your friends and people with helpful posts you see to apply

 06:55:14 <bodhizazen> We should ask the entire staff to invite

 06:56:05 <bodhizazen> How about if FC members post what tasks they will take this month here : http://ubuntuforums.org/showthread.php?t=1912368

 06:56:24 <bodhizazen> Then start a discussion thread on your topic / issue in scc

 06:56:55 <bodhizazen> [TOPIC]wolfen69 for membership

 06:57:04 <bodhizazen> Any suggestions re: wolfen69 ?

 06:57:52 <bodhizazen> Anyone want to vote on wolfen69 ?

 06:57:57 <s-fox> I have no problem with it. People make mistakes, people can change.

 06:58:00 <moergaes> I have already posted my reservations, so I'll not repeat them here...

 06:58:13 <bodhizazen> I will acknowledge his posting style can be edgy, but it does not bother me

 06:58:28 <bodhizazen> moergaes, please summarize them =)

 06:58:45 <moergaes> One second, let me search...

 06:58:48 <bodhizazen> I would not ask if I did not want input

 06:58:58 <s-fox> It is no worse than HTL bodhizazen

 06:59:16 <bodhizazen> HTL ?

 06:59:48 <bodhizazen> I honestly think wolfen69 has "community support"

 06:59:59 <moergaes> Here: http://ubuntuforums.org/showpost.php?p=11556560&postcount=29

 07:00:24 <Iowan> No infractions/warnings since april '09

 07:00:24 <bodhizazen> I would say approve him, but let him know we expect that he be mindful of his posting style as he now represents the community

 07:00:27 <s-fox> Sorry, i was thinking of the old username. Now flies by Bachstelze

 07:00:45 <coffeecat> bodhizazen, I think we ought to have a formal vote/discussion on each applicant in http://ubuntuforums.org/forumdisplay.php?f=406 As quickly as possible, obviously.

 07:00:51 <s-fox> /s/flies/goes

 07:01:01 <bodhizazen> OIC, +1 to that s-fox, the problem with HTL was that he as also staff

 07:01:19 <bodhizazen> Want to run through it now ?

 07:01:40 <s-fox> "Problem" - haha

 07:01:50 <bodhizazen> Or post in chit-chat coffeecat

 07:02:15 <coffeecat> OK - that would be easier for everyone.

 07:02:25 <bodhizazen> well s-fox there was more then once it spilled into staff =(

 07:02:35 <bodhizazen> which coffeecat ?

 07:02:48 <coffeecat> POst in chit chat. :)

 07:02:50 <bodhizazen> you tell us and we will go with it

 07:02:55 <s-fox> Yes, that is true

 07:03:16 <coffeecat> I'll start a thread in SCC.

 07:03:18 <bodhizazen> [ACTION] coffeecat will review UF applicants and post in chit chat

 07:03:18 * meetingology coffeecat will review UF applicants and post in chit chat

 07:03:32 <bodhizazen> I would like to see a decision on a few tonight

 07:03:58 <bodhizazen> [VOTE] haqking for membership

 07:03:58 <meetingology> Please vote on: haqking for membership

 07:03:58 <meetingology> Public votes can be registered by saying +1, +0 or -1 in channel, (private votes don't work yet, but when they do it will be by messaging the channel followed by +1/-1/+0 to me)

 07:04:10 <Iowan> +1

 07:04:10 <meetingology> +1 received from Iowan

 07:04:16 <bodhizazen> +1

 07:04:16 <meetingology> +1 received from bodhizazen

 07:04:17 <Artificial_Intel> +1

 07:04:17 <meetingology> +1 received from Artificial_Intel

 07:04:18 <moergaes> +1

 07:04:18 <meetingology> +1 received from moergaes

 07:04:26 <s-fox> +1

 07:04:26 <meetingology> +1 received from s-fox

 07:04:32 <coffeecat> +1

 07:04:32 <meetingology> +1 received from coffeecat

 07:04:36 <bodhizazen> [ENDVOTE]

 07:04:36 <meetingology> Voting ended on: haqking for membership

 07:04:36 <meetingology> Votes for:6 Votes against:0 Abstentions:0

 07:04:36 <meetingology> Motion carried

 07:04:56 <bodhizazen> [VOTE] Old_Gray_Wolf for membership

 07:04:56 <meetingology> Please vote on: Old_Gray_Wolf for membership

 07:04:56 <meetingology> Public votes can be registered by saying +1, +0 or -1 in channel, (private votes don't work yet, but when they do it will be by messaging the channel followed by +1/-1/+0 to me)

 07:04:58 <bodhizazen> +1

 07:04:58 <meetingology> +1 received from bodhizazen

 07:05:02 <coffeecat> +1

 07:05:02 <meetingology> +1 received from coffeecat

 07:05:03 <nothingspecial> +1

 07:05:03 <meetingology> +1 received from nothingspecial

 07:05:05 <moergaes> +1

 07:05:05 <meetingology> +1 received from moergaes

 07:05:07 <Artificial_Intel> +1

 07:05:07 <meetingology> +1 received from Artificial_Intel

 07:05:07 <s-fox> +1

 07:05:07 <meetingology> +1 received from s-fox

 07:05:13 <Iowan> 0

 07:05:13 <meetingology> 0 received from Iowan

 07:05:21 <bodhizazen> [ENDVOTE]

 07:05:21 <meetingology> Voting ended on: Old_Gray_Wolf for membership

 07:05:21 <meetingology> Votes for:6 Votes against:0 Abstentions:1

 07:05:21 <meetingology> Motion carried

 07:05:37 <moergaes> (Sorry, do I have the right to vote here?)

 07:05:43 <bodhizazen> [VOTE] rafa.genupula for membership

 07:05:43 <meetingology> Please vote on: rafa.genupula for membership

 07:05:43 <meetingology> Public votes can be registered by saying +1, +0 or -1 in channel, (private votes don't work yet, but when they do it will be by messaging the channel followed by +1/-1/+0 to me)

 07:05:59 <bodhizazen> moergaes, we normally ask FC members only to vote

 07:06:19 <s-fox> +0

 07:06:19 <meetingology> +0 received from s-fox

 07:06:46 <coffeecat> +0

 07:06:46 <meetingology> +0 received from coffeecat

 07:06:52 <Artificial_Intel> +1

 07:06:52 <meetingology> +1 received from Artificial_Intel

 07:07:07 <bodhizazen> +1

 07:07:07 <meetingology> +1 received from bodhizazen

 07:07:16 <bodhizazen> Any other votes ?

 07:07:22 * Iowan looking

 07:07:26 <bodhizazen> I only have one more candidate

 07:07:31 <Iowan> 0

 07:07:31 <meetingology> 0 received from Iowan

 07:07:39 <bodhizazen> [ENDVOTE]

 07:07:39 <meetingology> Voting ended on: rafa.genupula for membership

 07:07:39 <meetingology> Votes for:2 Votes against:0 Abstentions:3

 07:07:39 <meetingology> Motion carried

 07:07:49 <s-fox> Really?

 07:07:58 <bodhizazen> [VOTE] wolfen69 for membership

 07:07:58 <meetingology> Please vote on: wolfen69 for membership

 07:07:58 <meetingology> Public votes can be registered by saying +1, +0 or -1 in channel, (private votes don't work yet, but when they do it will be by messaging the channel followed by +1/-1/+0 to me)

 07:08:10 <Artificial_Intel> +1

 07:08:10 <meetingology> +1 received from Artificial_Intel

 07:08:13 <bodhizazen> +1

 07:08:13 <meetingology> +1 received from bodhizazen

 07:08:15 <coffeecat> +1

 07:08:15 <meetingology> +1 received from coffeecat

 07:08:18 <Iowan> +1

 07:08:18 <meetingology> +1 received from Iowan

 07:08:19 <s-fox> +1

 07:08:19 <meetingology> +1 received from s-fox

 07:08:43 <bodhizazen> [ENDVOTE]

 07:08:43 <meetingology> Voting ended on: wolfen69 for membership

 07:08:43 <meetingology> Votes for:5 Votes against:0 Abstentions:0

 07:08:43 <meetingology> Motion carried

 07:09:00 <bodhizazen> [VOTE] Dangertux for membership

 07:09:00 <meetingology> Please vote on: Dangertux for membership

 07:09:00 <meetingology> Public votes can be registered by saying +1, +0 or -1 in channel, (private votes don't work yet, but when they do it will be by messaging the channel followed by +1/-1/+0 to me)

 07:09:04 <bodhizazen> +1

 07:09:04 <meetingology> +1 received from bodhizazen

 07:09:05 <Iowan> +1

 07:09:05 <meetingology> +1 received from Iowan

 07:09:12 <s-fox> +1

 07:09:12 <meetingology> +1 received from s-fox

 07:09:17 <coffeecat> +1

 07:09:17 <meetingology> +1 received from coffeecat

 07:09:20 <Artificial_Intel> +0

 07:09:20 <meetingology> +0 received from Artificial_Intel

 07:09:31 <bodhizazen> [ENDVOTE]

 07:09:31 <meetingology> Voting ended on: Dangertux for membership

 07:09:31 <meetingology> Votes for:4 Votes against:0 Abstentions:1

 07:09:31 <meetingology> Motion carried

 07:09:44 <bodhizazen> Anyone want to vote on the other 2 ?

 07:09:52 <bodhizazen> I do not know them well enough

 07:10:09 <coffeecat> Suggest we have a discussion/vote for them in the staff area.

 07:10:15 <s-fox> Who are they? I am on a 3G connection... Slow haha

 07:10:43 <bodhizazen> Joseph Mills and lechien73

 07:10:57 <bodhizazen> +1 coffeecat

 07:11:01 <s-fox> I don't know either of them

 07:11:07 <coffeecat> I'll kick that off.

 07:11:10 <bodhizazen> [TOPIC]Open discussion

 07:11:28 <bodhizazen> We are at an hour or so now, any input from the staff or other community members ?

 07:11:42 <bodhizazen> What can the FC do for you ? do better ?

 07:11:51 <moergaes> Regarding membership:

 07:11:53 <Artificial_Intel> Got something.....Who unsubscribed me from FC mailing list?

 07:11:59 <bodhizazen> s-fox, we reversed the ban on ripfox

 07:12:09 <Iowan> PM sent...

 07:12:17 <s-fox> Thank you bodhizazen .

 07:12:27 <bodhizazen> Artificial_Intel, Must have been me ? Although I do not recall doing so

 07:12:31 <bodhizazen> Post to the ML

 07:12:31 <s-fox> It felt "wrong" :)

 07:12:41 <bodhizazen> s-fox can you manage the ML this month ?

 07:13:04 <bodhizazen> moergaes, sure, go for it, speak up

 07:13:08 <Artificial_Intel> I got an e-mail some days ago that I was unsub.

 07:13:08 <s-fox> I recall seeing something about It Artificial_Intel

 07:13:20 <moergaes> We discussed earlier if there should be an official one year limit for membership applicants.

 07:13:22 <s-fox> I can look after the ml, sure

 07:13:39 <moergaes> Is there any decision on that?

 07:13:56 <bodhizazen> I think the community standard is 1 year, and people then can auto-renew themselves ?

 07:14:20 <Iowan> Was that a 1-year participation requirement???

 07:14:20 <s-fox> Artificial_Intel I will see about adding you back :-)

 07:14:21 <bodhizazen> I do not have to do much of anything to maintain my Ubuntu Membership

 07:14:30 <coffeecat> moergaes: that was something I would like to look at. If everyone is happy I'll start a debate in SCC with other membership matters,

 07:14:40 <bodhizazen> +1 coffeecat

 07:14:43 <s-fox> +1 bodhizazen

 07:14:54 <bodhizazen> I think the key working is "significant contributions"

 07:15:07 <bodhizazen> rather then a strict time of participation

 07:15:16 <bodhizazen> I would say 6 month minimum

 07:15:30 <bodhizazen> in terms of forums account activation

 07:15:30 <coffeecat> +1 perhaps longer

 07:16:12 <Iowan> Documented somewhere?

 07:16:13 <s-fox> Are we in danger of not recognising contribution outside of the forum?

 07:16:40 <Iowan> There are other membership teams for that as well.

 07:17:00 <s-fox> Not enough outside to warrant membership by normal means, but activities of note regardless

 07:17:19 <bodhizazen> s-fox, well that is why we ask them to make a wiki page

 07:17:37 <s-fox> Okay

 07:17:54 <bodhizazen> we should review their contributions, but applicants should be responsible for bringing it to our attention via wiki

 07:18:05 <bodhizazen> Oh, I almost forgot ...

 07:18:23 <bodhizazen> How do you all want to manage / elect / appoint the FC chairperson ?

 07:18:39 <bodhizazen> [TOPIC] Identify FC chairperson

 07:18:58 <bodhizazen> have FC members vote ? staff vote ?

 07:19:22 <s-fox> I thought the idea was the FC elect chair ;)

 07:19:58 <bodhizazen> That was what was discussed previously, but I do not think we have had an official FC chairperson for quiet some time

 07:20:11 <bodhizazen> so I though it best to put it up for discussion

 07:20:37 <s-fox> Well, you know what I think bodhizazen

 07:21:22 <Iowan> I know who has been doing the job...

 07:23:13 <bodhizazen> We should set up some sort of election , suggestions on how to do so ?

 07:23:17 <s-fox> In terms of seniority, only 1 choice exists. bodhizazen

 07:23:19 <bodhizazen> vote somewhere ?

 07:24:28 <s-fox> We number 7 on the fc. Do we strictly need a chair?

 07:24:32 <bodhizazen> I do not think the position should be based on seniority, it should be an elected position

 07:24:53 <bodhizazen> s-fox, I have not looked in a while, but my understanding was that the CC wanted a chair

 07:25:07 <bodhizazen> We could post to the CC asking if we need a chairperson

 07:25:16 <bodhizazen> I would be fine without appointing one

 07:25:30 <bodhizazen> s/appointing/electing, lol

 07:25:50 <s-fox> Okay, only difference is chair gets  casting vote uncase of ties

 07:25:53 <s-fox> Incase

 07:26:12 <bodhizazen> Aye, might happen on say IRC meetings I suppose

 07:26:34 <s-fox> s-fox for chair +1 :D

 07:27:14 <bodhizazen> Do you all want to discuss this on the mailing list ?

 07:27:27 <Artificial_Intel> aye

 07:27:30 <Iowan> +1 discuss

 07:27:32 <bodhizazen> We are close to 90 minutes for this meeting

 07:27:34 <s-fox> Don't object

 07:27:37 <coffeecat> +1 discuss

 07:27:48 <bodhizazen> OK , who will post to the mailing list ?

 07:28:18 <bodhizazen> I suppose that is s-fox as you agreed to manage ML this month =)

 07:28:33 <bodhizazen> Anything else before we end the meeting ?

 07:28:36 <s-fox> Is their anyone who doesnt want to be chair?

 07:29:12 <s-fox> I said i'd do the ml this month

 07:29:19 <bodhizazen> Does this time work for FC meetings ?

 07:29:22 <bodhizazen> Or rotate ?

 07:29:31 <bodhizazen> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)