#title #ubuntu-meeting: 12.04.1 team meeting

Meeting started by stgraber at 14:00:18 UTC.  The full logs are
available at
http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2012/ubuntu-meeting.2012-08-16-14.00.log.html
.



== Meeting summary ==

 *Action items review

 *Review of upcoming deadlines

 *Quick look through the current bug lists, checking for progress.

 *Whoopsie (seb128)

 *Round table
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~evand/wubi/precise/wubi-r269-signed.exe   (ev, 14:19:32)
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~arges/point-release/milestone-12.04.1.html   (arges, 14:25:45)

 *AOB



Meeting ended at 14:35:52 UTC.



== Votes ==




== Action items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * stgraber (50)
 * jibel (18)
 * ev (14)
 * seb128 (11)
 * stokachu (10)
 * arges (8)
 * xnox (7)
 * skaet (7)
 * jamespage (7)
 * slangasek (5)
 * meetingology (3)
 * ubottu (1)



== Full Log ==


 14:00:18 <stgraber> #startmeeting 12.04.1 team meeting

 14:00:18 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Aug 16 14:00:18 2012 UTC.  The chair is stgraber. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 14:00:18 <meetingology> 

 14:00:18 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 14:00:48 <stgraber> NCommander, seb128, stokachu, arges, jibel, skaet, smoser, jamespage: ping

 14:00:51 <seb128> hey

 14:00:53 <stokachu> hai

 14:00:55 <jibel> hello

 14:00:55 <stgraber> wow, everyone is in the channel, that's a first ;)

 14:00:58 <arges> o/

 14:00:59 <jamespage> o/

 14:01:06 <skaet> o/

 14:01:10 <jamespage> smoser won't be joining us today...

 14:01:19 <stgraber> ok

 14:01:23 <stgraber> That's our last meeting before the 12.04.1 release. I'll cancel next week's meeting as we'll have either released already or be busy with the release.

 14:01:32 * skaet nods

 14:01:36 <stgraber> #topic Action items review

 14:01:41 <stgraber> xnox to liase with ballons, gema and jibel w.r.t. fs/storage testing

 14:01:47 <stgraber> the usual ;)

 14:01:54 <jibel> no news from xnox

 14:01:56 <jibel> as usual

 14:01:58 <xnox> stgraber: hmm. I actually should now. =)

 14:02:03 <stokachu> lol

 14:02:24 <xnox> jibel: crypto has landed in ubiquity, would it be hard to add a desktop test case to jenkins with crypto enabled?

 14:02:43 <xnox> jibel: also i now want some new build-types, where the preseed changes the default filesystem to btrfs

 14:02:53 <xnox> e.g. for ubuntu-server & ubuntu-desktop

 14:03:13 <xnox> jibel: does it need to be pre-seedable, cause it isn't currently?

 14:03:25 * xnox maybe we should move this conversation to #ubuntu-testing?

 14:04:03 <jibel> xnox, can we talk with gema after the meeting ?

 14:04:15 <xnox> jibel: ok

 14:04:23 <jibel> xnox, thx

 14:04:25 <stgraber> #topic Review of upcoming deadlines

 14:04:30 <stgraber> - today 21:00 UTC: FinalFreeze, ReleaseNoteFreeze

 14:04:31 <stgraber> - 2012/08/23: Ubuntu 12.04.1

 14:05:03 <stgraber> That says it all, please make sure everything's ready for the release on your side and talk to us in #ubuntu-release if you need help with something

 14:05:10 <stgraber> #topic Quick look through the current bug lists, checking for progress.

 14:05:16 <stgraber> Verification is ongoing, please help where you can: http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/pending-sru.html

 14:05:19 <stgraber> Additional tracking is done at: http://pad.ubuntu.com/12-04-1-preparation

 14:05:22 <stgraber> Remaining packages in the queue to be accepted into -proposed: xfwm4 (per xubuntu's request)

 14:06:18 <stgraber> we'll be keeping the list of things to copy to -updates before spinning the 12.04.1 candidates on that pad, so if you have something in the queue that you need in 12.04.1, make sure it's fully tested and add it to the pad

 14:06:21 <stokachu> stgraber: i finished several sru's last night.. these will be pushed out after 12.04.1?

 14:06:31 <stgraber> stokachu: yeah

 14:06:53 <stgraber> Images now only use -updates, so we'll be doing some copies from -proposed to -updates before the 7 days mark for packages that we want in the point release.

 14:07:02 <stgraber> The images built after 21:00 UTC today will be candidates so changes will only go in if absolutely required.

 14:07:15 <stokachu> ok sounds good

 14:07:31 <stgraber> #topic Whoopsie (seb128)

 14:07:45 <seb128> turn it off!!! ;-)

 14:07:46 <stgraber> seb128: I remember you discussing with slangasek and saying this should be discussed here

 14:08:01 <seb128> it should be decided there apparently yes

 14:08:13 <stgraber> ev, slangasek: ping

 14:08:15 <seb128> I'm still unsure what's the right process, who is the right person to decide

 14:08:34 <seb128> I feel like we need slangasek

 14:09:22 <ev> pong

 14:09:47 <stgraber> ok, might still be a bit early for him (7am), we can continue with the roundtable and hopefully he'll show up during that time

 14:09:54 <seb128> ok

 14:10:12 <stgraber> ev: we might need you for some whoopsie question in a few minutes, kind of hoping slangasek will show up

 14:10:25 <stgraber> #topic Round table

 14:10:32 <ev> sure thing

 14:10:36 <stgraber> stgraber@castiana:~$ echo $(shuf -e NCommander seb128 stgraber stokachu arges jibel skaet jamespage)

 14:10:39 <stgraber> seb128 stgraber skaet stokachu NCommander jibel jamespage arges

 14:11:03 <seb128> hey

 14:11:12 <seb128> nothing specific from desktop, things look good

 14:11:19 <seb128> ..

 14:11:25 <stgraber> that's good to hear ;)

 14:11:29 <stgraber> stgraber:

 14:11:49 <stgraber> We've been fighting with some apt ordering problems, mostly for 10.04.4 to 12.04 upgrades

 14:12:11 <stgraber> then causing a regression for people who upgraded all the way from jaunty to precise (with all the required hops)

 14:12:20 <stgraber> these two should be fixed once nspr lands in -updates

 14:12:52 <stgraber> I've also been looking at some chinese images bugs, one fix is now in -proposed (ubiquity) and we might still need a tweak to the seeds that I need to investigate this morning

 14:13:16 <stgraber> besides that, I think that things look good and we should be ready by 21:00 UTC

 14:13:19 <stgraber> skaet:

 14:13:26 <skaet> Release Notes in progress.   Doing delta and change log analysis today.

 14:13:26 <skaet> Review of last few fixes and determine whatï¿½s safe to move to updates.

 14:13:26 <skaet> Chinese image building.

 14:13:26 <skaet> Setting up pad.ubuntu.com/ubuntu-release for the 12.04.1.

 14:13:29 <skaet> ..

 14:14:02 <stgraber> skaet: I'll merge my pad into the ubuntu-release one once we're in final freeze, less things to watch

 14:14:06 <stgraber> stokachu:

 14:14:30 <stokachu> finished known list of multi-arch bugs, waiting in sru queue. let concerned parties know they will slip for .1

 14:15:05 <stokachu> worked with infinity to get tzdata updated for all series (i think that will make it into installer)

 14:15:08 <stokachu> ...

 14:15:52 <stgraber> NCommander:

 14:16:40 <stgraber> jibel:

 14:16:54 <jibel> Continued with upgrade testing and SRU verification (latest verification are tzdata on Precise and nspr)

 14:17:04 <jibel> Added automated test for upgrades with -updates enabled and upgrades with -proposed enabled

 14:17:07 <jibel> We are currently testing automatically:

 14:17:13 <jibel> - profiles desktop, server, server-tasks, main-all, universe from lucid/oneiric to precise with -proposed enabled

 14:17:17 <jibel> - profiles desktop, server, server-tasks from lucid/oneiric to precise with -updates enabled

 14:17:17 <jibel> No obvious bug found from smoketesting of desktop images

 14:17:29 <stokachu> jibel: tzdata 2012e?

 14:17:31 <jibel> 1 question:

 14:18:01 <jibel> stokachu, yes, the version in proposed

 14:18:07 <stokachu> awesome thanks for that

 14:18:21 <jibel> skaet, there is no wubi to test 12.04.1 candidates

 14:18:33 <jibel> skaet, did you talk to ev ?

 14:19:18 <ev> jibel: there is...

 14:19:32 <ev> http://people.canonical.com/~evand/wubi/precise/wubi-r269-signed.exe

 14:19:44 <ev> and any CD spins since the 9th should have it

 14:20:19 <jibel> ev, does it download images from http://cdimage.ubuntu.com/precise/wubi/current/ ?

 14:21:36 <ev> ahhh rubbish

 14:21:40 <ev> it gets the final release from the right place

 14:21:44 <ev> but not the dailies

 14:21:45 <ev> ugh.

 14:21:47 <ev> fixing

 14:21:57 <jibel> ev, thank you!

 14:22:28 <jibel> ..

 14:22:40 <stgraber> jamespage:

 14:22:48 <slangasek> stgraber: hey, I'm around but on a call

 14:22:53 <jamespage> one bug to highlight - bug 973741

 14:22:55 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 973741 in openssl (Ubuntu Precise) "[SRU] segmentation fault for all https operations in libcrypto.so.1.0.0 on 'legacy' Intel Xeon CPUs" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/973741

 14:23:22 <jamespage> as its not yet accepted into -proposed I think it unlikely to make 12.04.1 ...

 14:23:58 <stgraber> right, a quick look doesn't show it being an installer blocker or even early post-install blocker for 12.04.1, so having it land right after it should be fine

 14:24:08 <jamespage> stgraber, I agree

 14:24:25 <jamespage> I'm out for the next 10 days or so on leave - so smoser will be the man to hassle for server stuff

 14:24:26 <jamespage> ..

 14:24:49 <stgraber> ok

 14:24:54 <stgraber> arges:

 14:25:26 <arges> stgraber,  no updates

 14:25:45 <arges> just fyi. i have been updating

 14:25:45 <arges> http://people.canonical.com/~arges/point-release/milestone-12.04.1.html

 14:25:50 <arges> instead of hte other page btw

 14:25:52 <arges> ..

 14:26:54 <stgraber> #topic AOB

 14:27:27 <stgraber> slangasek: any idea of when you'll be out of that call? we need to make a decision for whoopsie

 14:27:37 <slangasek> stgraber: at the end of the hour ;)

 14:27:48 <slangasek> stgraber: are you ready to discuss now?

 14:28:46 <stgraber> slangasek: well, we have time left in this meeting, it was on the agenda (well, kinda) and seb128 and ev are around, but I'm happy to discuss it later, we just need to make a decision before 21:00 UTC

 14:29:02 <arges> stgraber, just a question: do we know how active whoopsie has been for current precise users?

 14:29:50 <ev> arges: 1,669,672 unique systems in the past 90 days.

 14:29:54 <seb128> stgraber, slangasek: I'm still around at the end of the hour

 14:30:02 <stokachu> whenever a whoopsie occurs a dude should pop out of the corner saying 'whooopsie' like in mortal kombat

 14:30:09 <arges> ev,  : ) nice, how many unique bugs?

 14:30:50 <slangasek> we don't know how many unique bugs with any certainty; bdmurray identified a bug that was causing partial reports to be submitted which means many of them are not being bucketed right now

 14:31:32 <stgraber> arges: last stats were of an average of 0.48 crash per day for users who submitted a crash in the past (<total for Tuesday>/<total users>)

 14:31:47 <ev> slangasek: they'll still be bucketed. The reports will just be missing some fields. So it will more affect the unique users in 90 days count per release

 14:32:05 <seb128> slangasek, what do you mean "not being bucketed"? you suggested that we have too many reported ... or do we discard some due to the bug?

 14:32:43 <ev> slangasek: as the fields that are missing are usually the Package and DistroRelease, not the crash signature.

 14:35:19 <stgraber> seb128, ev, slangasek: so should we meet in 25min in #ubuntu-release so we don't force slangasek into multi-tasking?

 14:35:39 <ev> works for me

 14:35:43 <slangasek> ok

 14:35:52 <stgraber> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)