#title #ubuntu-meeting Meeting

Meeting started by dholbach at 17:04:03 UTC.  The full logs are
available at
http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2012/ubuntu-meeting.2012-02-02-17.04.log.html
.



== Meeting summary ==

 *Meeting the Developer Membership Board
''LINK:'' https://blueprints.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+spec/other-p-motu-bof   (dholbach, 17:33:45)

 *Other business?

 *Teams page
''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/Teams   (pleia2, 17:37:25)

 *CoC 2.0

 *voting software

 *Administrativa



Meeting ended at 18:03:00 UTC.



== Votes ==




== Action items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * dholbach (84)
 * akgraner (32)
 * tumbleweed (30)
 * Laney (30)
 * YokoZar (16)
 * micahg (8)
 * czajkowski (6)
 * pleia2 (5)
 * beuno (5)
 * Gwaihir (4)
 * meetingology (3)
 * stgraber (1)
 * Iowan (1)
 * sabdfl (1)



== Full Log ==


 17:04:03 <dholbach> #startmeeting

 17:04:03 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Feb  2 17:04:03 2012 UTC.  The chair is dholbach. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 17:04:03 <meetingology> 

 17:04:03 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 17:04:10 <dholbach> so, I just had a look at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/CommunityCouncilAgenda

 17:04:18 <pleia2> o/

 17:04:19 <dholbach> and it seems we have a chat with the DMB today :)

 17:04:25 <czajkowski> Aloha

 17:05:04 <dholbach> bdrung, cody-somerville, Laney, micahg, tumbleweed, stgraber: anyone of you around?

 17:05:11 <micahg> yes

 17:05:19 <tumbleweed> dholbach: hi

 17:05:19 <Laney> OH that is TODAY!

 17:05:20 <YokoZar> excellent

 17:05:32 * tumbleweed wa just about to run off :P

 17:05:39 <dholbach> #topic Meeting the Developer Membership Board

 17:05:51 <dholbach> how are all of you doing?

 17:06:25 <Laney> rocking

 17:06:26 <tumbleweed> today just took a bad turn, personally, an hour ago, but I've been typing hard at a UDW session for an hour, so the adrenaline is there :P

 17:06:38 * dholbach hugs tumbleweed :)

 17:06:42 <tumbleweed> dmb is looking good, I think

 17:06:48 <dholbach> how do you generally feel is the DMB doing?

 17:07:15 <dholbach> always on top of things? no backlog building up?

 17:07:17 <Laney> I think we get by pretty well these days

 17:07:22 <Laney> we haven't missed a meeting in ages

 17:07:33 * stgraber waves

 17:08:16 <dholbach> I was also under the impression that meetings are now quite regularly - which is great

 17:08:47 * Iowan is FC rep - si 2b late

 17:09:06 <tumbleweed> we've also been talking about things to do to improve the application process

 17:09:31 <tumbleweed> maybe some self-test questions to let you know if you're ready, but nothing much happening theree atm...

 17:09:34 <czajkowski> tumbleweed: great to hear

 17:09:53 <dholbach> tumbleweed, so new applicants have a better idea if they should apply or not?

 17:10:19 <tumbleweed> dholbach: yeah, and also so they know what we expect all ubuntu developers to do

 17:10:32 <tumbleweed> (i.e. subscribe to ubuntu-devel-announce, understand freezes)

 17:10:37 <tumbleweed> *e.g.

 17:10:47 <czajkowski> tumbleweed: do you feel the number of DMB members is enough ?

 17:10:49 <dholbach> that might indeed work

 17:11:02 <sabdfl> tumbleweed, aching wrists?

 17:11:13 <tumbleweed> czajkowski: we've been quorate for the last few months, so yes

 17:11:24 <tumbleweed> although I did come in as a standin for a missing persia :/

 17:11:25 <dholbach> the developer advisory team I set up with huats recently started mailing people who had done a lot of great work to offer a bit of support - if we can get any feedback, we could share it with you

 17:11:44 <czajkowski> tumbleweed: great to hear, that is sometimes an issue for boards. glad the dmb is ok

 17:11:47 <YokoZar> tumbleweed: Is there anyone (or a lot of anyone)'s that you feel should have been developers long ago but aren't now for some reason?

 17:11:48 <tumbleweed> sabdfl: hah, actually a death in the family, but nm that right now :)

 17:12:22 <dholbach> sorry to hear that :-(

 17:12:34 <Laney> :-(

 17:12:43 <tumbleweed> YokoZar: hopefully most developers tell people when they should apply

 17:12:55 <tumbleweed> we had to push jtaylor for months :P

 17:13:04 * YokoZar recalls it was debian's developer-membership rigidity that drew him to Ubuntu to begin with, whereas at Ubuntu he was directly asked to join...

 17:13:24 <dholbach> yes, I hope the d-a-t can help identify cases like that a bit earlier going forward :)

 17:13:40 <tumbleweed> YokoZar: yeah, ubuntu's open community was a big reason I got drawn in

 17:13:49 <tumbleweed> (I hardly even run it on any machines...)

 17:14:05 <dholbach> how much of your work do you feel is directly related to dealing with applications? is there many other things which need discussion or organisation as well?

 17:14:22 <YokoZar> tumbleweed: That interests me greatly :)  I'm wondering if the next me is out there and if we're doing everything we can to find him and tell him "Hey, this is great, not only will I sponsor your packages but I want you to go through this super easy process and upload them yourself."

 17:15:30 <tumbleweed> dholbach: hrm, maybe 5-15 mins of each meeting

 17:15:37 <Laney> I would hope that Debian sponsors are encouraging people to go through NM when they are ready too. Although granted it is a lot more in depth.

 17:16:05 <tumbleweed> and then there is out-of-meeting stuff, micahg has been doing lots of packageset team structure cleanup

 17:16:05 <Laney> Also we should discuss whether Ubuntu Contributing Developer is worthwhile.

 17:16:50 <micahg> Laney: did you mean here or in general?

 17:17:07 <dholbach> Laney, as far as I recall a lot of RMBs were very happy that there was a board out there which could review development contributions and make a better informed decision about it

 17:17:11 <Laney> the CC are probably interested in it.

 17:17:46 <micahg> well, I think it's worthwhile, but should be used sparingly for those who just need to keep the safety net

 17:18:01 <Laney> yeah, well the problem is we hardly ever get applicants from it and people say that they find it confusing

 17:18:05 <Laney> s/from/for/

 17:18:06 <tumbleweed> yes, it probably does sit as an unecessary extra step for many people

 17:18:16 * tumbleweed encourages people to bypass it when I think they are ready

 17:18:28 <micahg> it shouldn't be a step for most people, maybe I can give editing the wiki a shot to make that more clear

 17:19:14 <dholbach> do you get many applicants for membership?

 17:19:22 <Laney> I don't get the impression that new developers are bothered about it

 17:19:24 <Laney> no

 17:19:28 <tumbleweed> it's been quiet recently

 17:19:37 <Laney> not that we get many new MOTU at all though

 17:20:16 <dholbach> I guess there's still a few motu work items from a blueprint :)

 17:20:23 <Laney> always

 17:20:24 <tumbleweed> eep

 17:20:38 <dholbach> which wouldn't instantly solve the problem.... but probably invite some folks again

 17:20:44 <tumbleweed> yeah, always need more motu

 17:20:54 <micahg> well, 2 in the last 2 months with another most likely after precise releases

 17:21:21 <dholbach> is there anything you feel which should be really fixed in the DMB? you all seem to be generally quite happy with how the board is running

 17:21:53 <czajkowski> Also is there anything the CC can help the DMB with ?

 17:21:55 <Laney> still, I think I have come to the opinion that it's probably not worth having UCD as a Separate Thing

 17:22:19 * tumbleweed had entirely forgotten that this meeting was coming so, nothing on my mind

 17:22:23 <YokoZar> micahg: Regarding clarifying the wiki, thank you muchly

 17:23:28 <micahg> Laney: I don't think people should be forced to get upload rights, if someone wants to help, but without getting upload rights, we should be able to recognize that

 17:23:50 <Laney> when has that ever happened?

 17:24:05 <tumbleweed> on the other side of the coin, the membership requirements can make it harder for us to give PPU

 17:24:09 <dholbach> Laney, maybe it'd be an idea to write a blog post explaining what UCD was designed to be and then ask for comments from everyone to get an idea of how many folks would like to go through the process - maybe it's not sufficiently advertised or explained - or maybe there's no interested in it at all

 17:24:18 <Laney> it creates a lot of confusion for a theoretical possibility that could be handled in some other way (RMBs)

 17:24:43 <Laney> I've posted to -devel about it before and didn't really see anyone who strongly cares about it

 17:24:47 <micahg> well, I'm going to try to clear up the confusion on the wiki

 17:25:15 <Laney> if we really want it just say "We can also award membership without upload rights if you meet the [[general guidelines]]"

 17:25:33 <Laney> (This is called being a Contributing Developer).

 17:25:35 <Laney> or something.

 17:26:04 <dholbach> yeah, that sounds reasonable

 17:26:36 <tumbleweed> de-emphisising it should remove most of the issues there

 17:26:42 <Laney> right, bury it

 17:26:59 <dholbach> anything else on your list of pressing concerns? :)

 17:27:01 <Laney> if this person ever comes along then someone can tell them that the possibility exists

 17:27:39 <Laney> well, just the continued absence of persia, but that's not just us :'(

 17:27:43 <tumbleweed> I seem to recall someone where PPU was clearly grantable, but the person hadn't done much to deserve membership, yet

 17:27:48 <tumbleweed> but I can't remember offhand

 17:28:32 <Laney> not sure anyone is unhappy with upload rights implying membership in all cases, even when we perhaps wouldn't grant membership separately

 17:28:46 <Laney> i'm quite relaxed about that tbh

 17:29:01 <YokoZar> Yeah that seems reasonable

 17:29:01 <tumbleweed> yeah, it's not a big issue

 17:29:07 <dholbach> I didn't run into cases where it would have concerned me

 17:29:37 <Laney> the CC is aware that all developers are added to ~ubuntu-dev, and that that is in ~ubuntumembers

 17:29:37 <dholbach> usually there's quite a bit of work involved into understanding the process, learning about all the bits involved, where work is happening, but you can't just see it yet

 17:29:50 <dholbach> Laney, I am :)

 17:29:57 <Laney> i am glad that this advisory team effort is happening

 17:30:15 <Laney> it felt like a bit of an expansion too far to expect the dmb to be responsible for recruitment as well as assessment

 17:30:30 <dholbach> yes, Christophe and I are going to announce it some time next week and hopefully get a few new contributors to help us out

 17:30:42 <dholbach> I agree

 17:30:59 <dholbach> any more questions from the CC?

 17:31:19 <dholbach> or anything from the DMB members where CC members could help with?

 17:31:42 <tumbleweed> nope, pub quiz time for me!

 17:31:52 <micahg> no, I think in the past when we've needed the CC, they've been responsive

 17:32:32 <dholbach> the only thing on my list is: take a look at the motu blueprint again :)

 17:32:39 <Laney> which?

 17:33:45 <dholbach> https://blueprints.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+spec/other-p-motu-bof

 17:34:15 <dholbach> but that's unrelated to the general DMB + CC meet-up

 17:34:48 <dholbach> czajkowski, beuno, Gwaihir, YokoZar, pleia2, akgraner: any more questions from you?

 17:34:55 <pleia2> no, thanks for coming :)

 17:35:04 <beuno> nope, all sounds great

 17:35:08 <akgraner> none from me - thanks for all the information

 17:35:09 <YokoZar> Thanks for coming :)

 17:35:11 <Gwaihir> nope, all looks good

 17:35:19 <czajkowski> no thank it's been really intersting to leanr what ye folks do

 17:35:25 <dholbach> thanks a lot - and thanks for doing a great job on the DMB!

 17:35:54 <dholbach> great

 17:36:08 <dholbach> as far as I can see there's nothing else on the Agenda

 17:36:17 <dholbach> #topic Other business?

 17:36:54 <akgraner> Teams page clean-up and CoC 2.0

 17:37:08 <dholbach> aha!

 17:37:10 <dholbach> good points

 17:37:16 <dholbach> #topic Teams page

 17:37:25 <pleia2> #link https://wiki.ubuntu.com/Teams

 17:37:30 <dholbach> akgraner, want to give an update?

 17:37:54 <akgraner> sure  - so the link pleia2 just gave is out of date

 17:38:39 <akgraner> so I started a drafts page #link https://wiki.ubuntu.com/draft/Teams

 17:39:17 <akgraner> I added many of the Canonical lead teams based on the feedback from UDS about people wanting to know how to get in contact with various teams and who lead those teams

 17:39:18 <YokoZar> Oh, I had a quick update ~ voting software to discuss as well

 17:39:57 <akgraner> I also found that reporter, approved and approved date didn't mean much to people so I am changing that as well

 17:40:28 <akgraner> I should have it finished by Saturday for everyone to review and if approved we can change it out and start recommending it again

 17:40:38 <akgraner> thoughts?

 17:40:51 <dholbach> maybe a call for review via blog?

 17:41:02 <dholbach> so folks who never updated their team record can just go ahead and do it?

 17:41:20 <akgraner> dholbach, I was going to so that once I had the page cleaned up

 17:41:47 <dholbach> ah, cool

 17:41:51 <dholbach> sounds good to me then

 17:41:57 <pleia2> long term, do we have a plan to maintain this?

 17:42:17 <akgraner> I think we should - someone has to take ownership of it

 17:42:21 <dholbach> personally I think it'd be good if the job wasn't tied to us specifically :)

 17:42:30 <dholbach> and teams would just go and update their date

 17:42:30 <akgraner> but who then?

 17:42:40 <dholbach> even if it would require us to do some annual poking

 17:42:40 <akgraner> dholbach, um that didn't work in the past

 17:43:01 <Gwaihir> just an idea: isn't the IRC column redundant? Since there is no real information about what is the channel, maybe rely only on the team's page?

 17:43:03 <akgraner> that's how it got this out of date - people add stuff and never go back and look at it

 17:43:19 <akgraner> it's meant to be a quick level over view

 17:43:40 <akgraner> maybe that's all they want what channel can this team be found in without going to the team page

 17:44:03 <akgraner> one click to find all the relative information is what I was thinkingg

 17:44:05 <akgraner> thinking

 17:44:26 <Gwaihir> yep, but there is no real channel name, adding the channel name maybe?

 17:44:39 <akgraner> I haven't added any of the new column information those are just place holders right now

 17:45:01 <Gwaihir> got it

 17:45:07 <akgraner> :-)

 17:45:43 <dholbach> if there's people who don't mind looking after it every now and then, then that's great

 17:46:15 <dholbach> maybe we should continue the discussion via mail?

 17:46:38 <akgraner> fine with me

 17:46:40 <akgraner> :-)

 17:46:43 <dholbach> excellent

 17:46:43 <dholbach> #topic CoC 2.0

 17:47:13 <dholbach> so, a few changes have been introduced in the ubuntu-codeofconduct branch recently and it was suggested to merge the leadership coc into the CoC

 17:47:17 <dholbach> to give it a bit more publicity

 17:47:31 <dholbach> AFAIK akgraner (was it you?) put up a google doc already

 17:47:34 <akgraner> so I added the LCoC and the CoC on one document  - I've made some changes to it - but others still need to take a look

 17:47:51 <dholbach> I could take an action to massage the changes into the branch as a merge proposal, so we can all take a look at it together again

 17:48:07 <dholbach> and then make the decision to get it into LP, the website and all the other places if we all agree

 17:48:16 <akgraner> it still reads like 2 separate documents

 17:48:19 <YokoZar> legit

 17:49:28 <akgraner> and maybe that's ok  - we just need a better lead into the LCoC part of it - I changed a little of it to make it flow but it still needs some more work

 17:50:09 <dholbach> ok, I'll take the action to mergeproposalify it, so we can review it together

 17:50:24 <beuno> where is the doc?

 17:50:38 <dholbach> there was a link in one of the emails

 17:50:49 <dholbach> I can dig it out and post an MP tomorrow

 17:52:03 <beuno> cool

 17:52:06 <akgraner> thanks dholbach

 17:52:07 <dholbach> ok, rocking

 17:52:09 <dholbach> moving on

 17:52:09 <dholbach> #topic voting software

 17:52:14 <dholbach> YokoZar, your stage

 17:52:29 <YokoZar> So, my volunteer who maybe might write us usable voting software messaged me the other day

 17:52:55 <YokoZar> He envisions a bit of a larger project, but wanted to cover our use case, and wanted to know if something based on Google App Engine is ok

 17:53:20 <YokoZar> Since we already use an offsite service (CIVS) I don't think it's any worse

 17:53:25 * dholbach has no opinion

 17:53:41 <dholbach> sabdfl, do you have anything to say about the above?

 17:53:46 <beuno> yeah, it's not portable, which sucks a bit

 17:53:54 <beuno> but not worst, I agree

 17:54:22 <YokoZar> There's an attempt at a free lower-featured app engine replacement we could run ourselves I think, and his software may work on that (he mentioned it)

 17:54:45 <dholbach> would it present us with a CIVS-like service which is going to work with Launchpad Teams (OpenID teams support)?

 17:55:07 <YokoZar> That was basically my only request, so presumably ;)

 17:56:06 <dholbach> if you need more opinions on the google app engine criterion, best just bring it up with the rest of the CC in an email

 17:56:14 <dholbach> so we can see if there's more opinions

 17:56:14 <YokoZar> Yeah fair enough

 17:56:18 <YokoZar> Ok that's that

 17:56:30 <dholbach> Anything else?

 17:57:09 <dholbach> #topic Administrativa

 17:57:25 <dholbach> I guess we should decide on next chair, who does the wiki update and the like

 17:57:35 <dholbach> maybe we should also fire up an etherpad and write the minutes together

 17:57:43 <dholbach> that way we all get to go in 2-3 minutes :)

 17:58:34 <dholbach> YokoZar, beuno, akgraner, pleia2, Gwaihir: http://pad.ubuntu-uk.org/zCK129zmpU :)

 17:58:48 * akgraner looks

 17:59:05 <akgraner> dholbach, doesn't meetingology give you all the bits once the meeting ends?

 17:59:28 <akgraner> and you can just copy and paste?

 17:59:31 <pleia2> only if you diligently use #info for every important thing ;)

 17:59:39 <akgraner> ahhh

 17:59:43 <akgraner> ok nm me :-)

 17:59:48 <dholbach> hum, I guess we better get using #info the next times then

 18:01:46 <dholbach> ok, if we're done with the minutes, I'm happy to update the wiki - who's the next chair?

 18:01:48 <akgraner> I can't chair but I'll be happy to help with admin stuff once the meetings end

 18:02:32 <dholbach> ok, let's find the chair next time - we always found somebody

 18:02:43 <dholbach> akgraner, I'll update the team report - can you do the next meeting time and everything?

 18:02:52 <akgraner> sure can

 18:02:56 <dholbach> excellent

 18:02:58 <dholbach> thanks everyone!

 18:03:00 <dholbach> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)