#title #ubuntu-meeting Meeting

Meeting started by jdstrand at 18:00:52 UTC.  The full logs are
available at
http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2012/ubuntu-meeting.2012-06-04-18.00.log.html
.



== Meeting summary ==

''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting   (jdstrand, 18:01:32)
 *Review of any previous action items

 *Weekly stand-up report

 *Highlighted packages
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/ziproxy.html   (jdstrand, 18:32:22)
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/fusionforge.html   (jdstrand, 18:32:29)
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/aria2.html   (jdstrand, 18:32:34)
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/mosh.html   (jdstrand, 18:32:40)
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/torcs.html   (jdstrand, 18:32:47)

 *Miscellaneous and Questions



Meeting ended at 18:38:42 UTC.



== Votes ==




== Action items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * jdstrand (30)
 * sbeattie (14)
 * mdeslaur (13)
 * tyhicks (11)
 * jjohansen (10)
 * micahg (5)
 * meetingology (3)



== Full Log ==


 18:00:52 <jdstrand> #startmeeting

 18:00:52 <meetingology> Meeting started Mon Jun  4 18:00:52 2012 UTC.  The chair is jdstrand. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 18:00:52 <meetingology> 

 18:00:52 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 18:00:53 <mdeslaur> hello

 18:01:05 <tyhicks> hello

 18:01:14 <sbeattie> o/

 18:01:30 <jdstrand> The meeting agenda can be found at:

 18:01:32 <jdstrand> [LINK] https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting

 18:01:39 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Review of any previous action items

 18:02:02 * jdstrand desktop team requested that our regular mozilla testing happen by a certain date

 18:02:08 <jjohansen> \o

 18:02:16 <jdstrand> micahg: can you explain what came of this? ^

 18:02:26 <jdstrand> s/explain/describe/

 18:03:11 <micahg> sure, we decided that we will do partial testing on weeks 4 and 5 of the 6 week mozilla cycle (ending up in full coverage) in order to catch any show stoppers before release week

 18:04:24 <jdstrand> micahg: the sum of the partial testing is such that it is not more than 1 full test run. correct?

 18:04:32 <micahg> correct

 18:05:00 <jdstrand> that's great. it is consistent with what we wanted in terms of testing and also gives everyone more confidence all along

 18:05:27 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Weekly stand-up report

 18:05:34 <jdstrand> micahg: thanks

 18:05:37 <jdstrand> I'll go first

 18:06:10 <jdstrand> I'm in the happy place this week. I am focussing on updates and embargoed issues

 18:06:53 <jdstrand> mdeslaur: you're up

 18:07:02 <mdeslaur> I'm on triage this week

 18:07:10 <mdeslaur> I just finished publishing update-manager

 18:07:15 <mdeslaur> and am currently working on bind9

 18:07:26 <mdeslaur> I also have an embargoed issue to continue massive testing

 18:07:37 <mdeslaur> and have postgresql and mysql updates to publish too

 18:07:40 <mdeslaur> that's it from me

 18:07:42 <mdeslaur> sbeattie: you're up

 18:07:51 <sbeattie> I'm in the happy place this week

 18:08:14 <sbeattie> I have an embargoed issue on my plate.

 18:08:38 <sbeattie> I also need to start on the openjdk-6 backport to older releases

 18:09:05 <sbeattie> I'll try to pick up another update as well.

 18:09:11 <sbeattie> that's it for me.

 18:09:24 <sbeattie> micahg: you're up

 18:10:01 <micahg> Mozilla release week (Firefox/Thunderbird), still working on Chromium, then webkit

 18:10:45 <mdeslaur> micahg: what's the status with webkit?

 18:11:29 <micahg> umm...precise is ready, just waiting for me to grab the CVEs associated and upload

 18:13:19 <micahg> anything else for me?

 18:14:55 <mdeslaur> who's next? tyhicks?

 18:15:01 <tyhicks> yep

 18:15:10 <tyhicks> I'm in the community role this week

 18:15:59 <tyhicks> Due to my shortened work week last week, I wasn't able to put the 'done' stamp on some of the things I was working on, so I need to put finishing touches on a few things still

 18:16:23 <tyhicks> The eCryptfs zero-length file patches is one of those things

 18:17:21 <tyhicks> I'm in the process of reviewing a big eCryptfs patch that cking forward ported which really gives eCryptfs performance a huge boost

 18:17:48 <tyhicks> He did just an awesome job of performance testing the patch on several different machines so I'm trying to get a quick response back to him

 18:18:00 <tyhicks> The pidgin update is still pending

 18:18:11 <tyhicks> and I plan on starting the LUKS work item

 18:18:17 <tyhicks> that's it

 18:18:25 <tyhicks> jjohansen: you're up

 18:18:33 <jjohansen> I have an embargo issue I am working on

 18:18:33 <jjohansen> I need to wrap up my kernel team base wi so I can mark them done

 18:18:34 <jjohansen> I will get back to finishing up the userspace policy matching wi

 18:19:53 <jjohansen> I think that is for /me jdstrand back to you

 18:21:50 <jdstrand> sbeattie: the last coupel weeks you had apparmor sru listed, but I didn't see it this week. does that mean it is done?

 18:22:37 <sbeattie> jdstrand: no, I need to work on that, too.

 18:23:52 <jjohansen> jdstrand: though if we are just pulling in patches, there may not be much to do

 18:24:53 * jjohansen should have added he needs to rewrite the apparmor release process notes before he forgets how, after the lp + bzr fun of the 2.8 release

 18:25:22 <mdeslaur> who's going to push AA 2.8 to quantal?

 18:25:44 <sbeattie> jjohansen: do you have any more patches for the SRU?

 18:26:12 <sbeattie> mdeslaur: I can work on it.

 18:26:25 <jjohansen> sbeattie: no not at this time, I have some regression test additions that aren't quite done etc, but nothing critical

 18:26:52 <mdeslaur> sbeattie: cool

 18:27:06 <sbeattie> jjohansen: okay

 18:27:46 <jjohansen> sbeattie: just stick with 2.8, and we can update with 2.8.1 later

 18:28:49 <sbeattie> jjohansen: sure

 18:29:34 <sbeattie> (for the SRU, I'm cherry-picking anyway)

 18:30:37 <jdstrand> ok, shall we move on?

 18:31:16 <jjohansen> yes

 18:31:27 <mdeslaur> yes, thanks

 18:31:39 <sbeattie> yes

 18:31:47 <jdstrand> thanks

 18:31:57 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Highlighted packages

 18:32:05 <jdstrand> The Ubuntu Security team will highlight some community-supported packages that might be good candidates for updating and or triaging. If you would like to help Ubuntu and not sure where to start, this is a great way to do so.

 18:32:10 <jdstrand> See https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/UpdateProcedures for details and if you have any questions, feel free to ask in #ubuntu-security. To find out other ways of helping out, please see https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/GettingInvolved.

 18:32:22 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/ziproxy.html

 18:32:29 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/fusionforge.html

 18:32:34 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/aria2.html

 18:32:40 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/mosh.html

 18:32:47 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/torcs.html

 18:32:58 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Miscellaneous and Questions

 18:33:07 <jdstrand> There are a lot of merge opportunities for packages listed in http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/d2u/. Performing these updates is a great way to help Ubuntu and bolster your developer application.

 18:33:16 <jdstrand> Does anyone have any other questions or items to discuss?

 18:38:40 <jdstrand> mdeslaur, sbeattie, micahg, tyhicks, jjohansen: thanks!

 18:38:42 <jdstrand> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)