#title #ubuntu-meeting: Community Council Meeting Jan 19, 2012

Meeting started by YokoZar at 17:00:22 UTC.  The full logs are available
at
http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2012/ubuntu-meeting.2012-01-19-17.00.log.html
.



== Meeting summary ==

 *Mailing list follow-up
''ACTION:'' czajkowski to file RT ticket to close inactive mailing lists (and ask they be moved to the archived section)  (YokoZar, 17:13:45)
''ACTION:'' czajkowski to comb the unsorted mailing lists on the pad, find non-Loco lists, investigate worthiness of closure, and email admins  (YokoZar, 17:17:52)

 *Kubuntu Council catchup
''LINK:'' http://instantrimshot.com/   (YokoZar, 17:46:47)

 *Fixed agenda items
''ACTION:'' czajkowski to chair next meeting or ask akgraner to  (YokoZar, 17:53:08)
''ACTION:'' YokoZar to update agenda wiki page for next meeting time  (YokoZar, 17:53:33)
''ACTION:'' czajkowski to update team report ~ removed mailing lists  (YokoZar, 17:54:39)
''ACTION:'' YokoZar to post meeting log  (YokoZar, 17:55:27)



Meeting ended at 17:58:34 UTC.



== Votes ==




== Action items ==

 * czajkowski to file RT ticket to close inactive mailing lists (and ask they be moved to the archived section)
 * czajkowski to comb the unsorted mailing lists on the pad, find non-Loco lists, investigate worthiness of closure, and email admins
 * czajkowski to chair next meeting or ask akgraner to
 * YokoZar to update agenda wiki page for next meeting time
 * czajkowski to update team report ~ removed mailing lists
 * YokoZar to post meeting log



== Action items, by person ==

 * czajkowski
 ** czajkowski to file RT ticket to close inactive mailing lists (and ask they be moved to the archived section)
 ** czajkowski to comb the unsorted mailing lists on the pad, find non-Loco lists, investigate worthiness of closure, and email admins
 ** czajkowski to chair next meeting or ask akgraner to
 ** czajkowski to update team report ~ removed mailing lists
 * YokoZar
 ** YokoZar to update agenda wiki page for next meeting time
 ** YokoZar to post meeting log



== People present (lines said) ==

 * YokoZar (51)
 * czajkowski (36)
 * Riddell (27)
 * pleia2 (25)
 * dholbach (22)
 * Darkwing (17)
 * ScottK (17)
 * sabdfl (10)
 * meetingology (9)



== Full Log ==


 17:00:22 <YokoZar> #startmeeting Community Council Meeting Jan 19, 2012

 17:00:22 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Jan 19 17:00:22 2012 UTC.  The chair is YokoZar. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/AlanBell/mootbot.

 17:00:22 <meetingology> 

 17:00:22 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 17:01:26 <YokoZar> Hello

 17:01:32 <sabdfl> hi

 17:02:09 <dholbach> hi

 17:02:12 <pleia2> hi

 17:02:25 <dholbach> I'll be back in 4-5 minutes and read backlog - sorry about that

 17:02:38 <czajkowski> Aloha

 17:02:53 <YokoZar> According to the agenda, it seems today is the catchup with the Kubuntu council.  Do we have someone here from there?

 17:03:24 <Riddell> hmm, Darkwing said he owuld

 17:03:41 <Riddell> Darkwing: ping?

 17:03:52 <czajkowski> Riddell: evening hope you're improving

 17:04:02 <Riddell> I'm happy to answer any questions anyway

 17:04:06 <pleia2> he's packing for SCALE, let me see if I can nudge him

 17:04:11 <Riddell> czajkowski: I am thanks :)

 17:04:33 <YokoZar> In the meantime since we have a couple minutes we can do the administrivia

 17:04:34 <czajkowski> glad to hear it

 17:05:43 <czajkowski> sure

 17:06:03 <YokoZar> I suppose I can do the team report update and so on

 17:06:51 <pleia2> do we want to talk about the mailing lists?

 17:06:55 <YokoZar> Sure

 17:07:06 <YokoZar> While we wait for Darkwing or similar ;)

 17:07:13 <YokoZar> #topic Mailing list follow-up

 17:07:46 <YokoZar> So, I think what will probably come out of this discussion is an RT ticket asking for closure and archiving of whichever lists we decide on

 17:08:06 <ScottK> \o is here too.

 17:08:09 <YokoZar> And I'll make a note that we should also ask that the unarchived lists be noted as such in the mailing list

 17:08:28 <pleia2> I added the comments I received from folks, so we should have a pretty good list now of ones we shouldn't shut down

 17:08:41 <YokoZar> Yeah I don't have anything to really add to your comments

 17:08:51 <YokoZar> Are we content shutting down the ones without a response?

 17:09:05 <czajkowski> pleia2: did many respond?

 17:09:22 <pleia2> YokoZar: my email was drafted in the form of "if you don't respond in 2 weeks, we're shutting it down"

 17:09:33 <sabdfl> YokoZar, yes

 17:09:46 <YokoZar> pleia2: ahh that answers that then

 17:09:46 <pleia2> 2 of the lists noted had contacts bounce, so we may want to try something further there

 17:09:54 <pleia2> czajkowski: maybe 8 or so of them

 17:10:17 <czajkowski> pleia2: are they active or do they just not want to see them go ?

 17:10:48 <pleia2> some of them are active, some are meant to be very low traffic

 17:11:08 <pleia2> (like -mirrors-announce)

 17:11:13 <czajkowski> ok

 17:11:14 <czajkowski> thanks

 17:12:24 * YokoZar updates pad to move the "keep" lists

 17:12:42 <czajkowski> pleia2: do you want me to file the RTs to get them closed?

 17:13:08 <pleia2> czajkowski: that would be great

 17:13:20 <czajkowski> grand job shall get on that tmorrow

 17:13:45 <YokoZar> #action czajkowski to file RT ticket to close inactive mailing lists (and ask they be moved to the archived section)

 17:13:45 * meetingology czajkowski to file RT ticket to close inactive mailing lists (and ask they be moved to the archived section)

 17:14:36 <YokoZar> So, there were still a few in the "unsorted" section

 17:14:44 <YokoZar> I suspect we're not 100% done here

 17:15:21 <czajkowski> nods

 17:15:21 <YokoZar> But I'm happy with the first attempt.

 17:15:40 <czajkowski> have they been contacted ?

 17:15:45 <YokoZar> I imagine not

 17:15:48 <czajkowski> YokoZar: it;s a good start to spring cleaning alright

 17:16:09 <czajkowski> do you want me to follow on from pleia2 email and mail them and see if they are active ?

 17:16:32 <YokoZar> Sure.  Basically every list that isn't a loco list in the unsorted is probably worthy of investigation

 17:16:57 <czajkowski> grand

 17:17:15 <czajkowski> action me that again and will get the sample text of what pleia2 sent and send it to them

 17:17:22 <dholbach> thanks a lot everyone for working on this

 17:17:52 <YokoZar> #action czajkowski to comb the unsorted mailing lists on the pad, find non-Loco lists, investigate worthiness of closure, and email admins

 17:17:52 * meetingology czajkowski to comb the unsorted mailing lists on the pad, find non-Loco lists, investigate worthiness of closure, and email admins

 17:18:09 <YokoZar> Ok, I think that's all on that for today

 17:18:16 <czajkowski> YokoZar: thanks

 17:18:20 <pleia2> czajkowski: it's on my blog: http://princessleia.com/journal/?p=5598

 17:18:30 <czajkowski> pleia2: why thank you :)

 17:18:45 <YokoZar> #topic Kubuntu Council catchup

 17:18:57 <Riddell> no Darkwing I guess

 17:19:00 <YokoZar> So, we have a ScottK and a Riddell instead :)

 17:19:04 <Riddell> YokoZar: what do you want to know?

 17:19:06 <pleia2> sounds like Darkwing got caught up in the excitement of all our SCALE stuff this weekend :)

 17:19:08 <ScottK> Hello.

 17:19:09 <Darkwing> sorry

 17:19:13 <pleia2> oh there he is!

 17:19:22 <Darkwing> I'm in the car heading north.

 17:19:38 <Darkwing> :D

 17:19:45 <czajkowski> please tell me someone else is driving while you are on irc!

 17:19:52 <Riddell> Darkwing: did you know what you wanted to say?

 17:19:52 <ScottK> Hopefully not driving ...

 17:20:05 <Darkwing> of course. I don't drive. :)

 17:20:37 <ScottK> Since this is the first one if these we've done, I'm not quite sure what we're supposed to discuss.

 17:20:42 <YokoZar> Riddell: We're mostly interested in any opportunity to help make the project work together a bit more, especially if it concerns any friction between processes and governance and such

 17:20:53 <YokoZar> At one level, the CC just wants to make sure there's no systemic unspoken problems lurking  ;)

 17:21:21 <Riddell> I can't think of any just now..

 17:21:25 <sabdfl> that's the main thing :)

 17:21:40 <ScottK> The biggest problem at the moment is that Riddell can't manage to sufficiently look out for French drivers.

 17:21:46 <Riddell> I will say the kubuntu community is down a bit from normal activity probably because people are burnt out after I was on rotation last cycle

 17:22:04 <ScottK> Definitely true in my case.

 17:22:10 <pleia2> Riddell: btw, glad to hear you're ok :)

 17:22:10 <Riddell> and being concussed I'm doing things a bit slower than normal (but recovering, don't worry)

 17:23:14 <Darkwing> bare with me. irc on phone and trying to dig out laptop

 17:23:34 <Riddell> we didnt get alpha 1 out and it's unclear what it'll take for alpha 2, but that's not fully community council business

 17:24:19 <YokoZar> Riddell: Major developments are interesting, though.

 17:24:49 <Darkwing> for the community at large the biggest project we are looking at is our bug reporting.

 17:24:52 <Riddell> everyone wants to start on kubuntu active (table/mobile version) but we haven't found the person-power yet

 17:25:40 <dholbach> For which parts of the project did you get new contributors in the past year? What do you think excites people most about Kubuntu?

 17:26:01 <YokoZar> I'm also interested in if it's a new wave of people, or the same people doing different things

 17:26:32 <Riddell> oh we got fabo as a new kubuntu-dev, his work on linaro means he's more active and wants to contribute more

 17:26:51 <ScottK> We've had some new people come into development who haven't been around.

 17:27:08 <ScottK> I think the fact that we can make them kubuntu-dev without having to be core-dev has helped.

 17:27:22 <sabdfl> \o/

 17:27:31 <czajkowski> thats good to hear

 17:27:46 <dholbach> ScottK, when you say "who haven't been around" you mean they've gone missing in the last year?

 17:27:50 <Darkwing> we had a lot more doc contribution last cycle. I think we are starting to get fresh faces. I've been contacted and have a couple meetings this weekend with qt partners interested on how kubuntu works

 17:28:12 <ScottK> dholbach: No, I mean are new to the project.  fabo has been connectect to Kubuntu via Debian since approximately forever.

 17:28:13 <Riddell> dholbach: I think what existes often is it's easy to see our gaps compared to ubuntu desktop so it's easy for people to find out what needs doing

 17:28:21 <dholbach> ScottK, ahhhh ok

 17:29:33 <dholbach> For fresh blood, I'd be happy to offer the same help I offered the Edubuntu team: with your help I could try to get some publicity via the developer news or maybe there'd be someone willing to give a session at Ubuntu Developer Week

 17:29:57 <YokoZar> Riddell: I do think it interesting that just making it clear where something is behind can draw contribution easily (whether it's relative to another part of the project or with a different OS). Do you think there might be less obvious gaps worthy of attention in some fashion?

 17:30:33 <Riddell> YokoZar: our work items are pretty easy to find

 17:30:40 <Riddell> we don't struggle when people ask what they can do

 17:31:44 <Riddell> it's been nice over the last year having new upstream link people stepping up, afiestas for kde and fregl for qt have been good

 17:31:56 <dholbach> sweet

 17:32:03 <Riddell> we used to have someone from kdepim hanging around which was much needed but not recently

 17:32:43 <Riddell> dholbach: developer news could work, I'm out for UDW talks are too hard on my poor brain just now

 17:33:05 <dholbach> Riddell, don't worry - I'll send a mail over to kubuntu-devel@

 17:33:09 <dholbach> thanks a bunch :)

 17:33:10 <YokoZar> That's certainly true, it's not exactly hard to find something that needs doing in this project ;)

 17:33:10 <YokoZar> I'm more interested in the marginal case where something in particular inspires someone to contribute, because that particular issue speaks to them more for some reason (eg, it's in their field of expertise)

 17:33:24 <ScottK> One point probably worth mentioning is that it seems to me like we're collaborating well with Canonical teams like the people working on touch stuff.

 17:34:14 <ScottK> "Sharing" the need to have Qt working between Kubuntu and Unity 2D seems like it's going well too.

 17:34:28 <czajkowski> ScottK: thats really good to hear and nice feedback

 17:34:28 <pleia2> that's good to hear

 17:34:55 <dholbach> Did the Kubuntu Council have lots to do in the last two cycles?

 17:35:28 <Riddell> council hasn't even met this cycle I think, my fault for not organising meetings

 17:35:29 <ScottK> Kubuntu Council is really pretty easy.  It's mostly approving members and approving the development plans for each cycle.

 17:35:41 <ScottK> Neither seem to be very controversial or difficult.

 17:36:10 <dholbach> Nice, that's good to hear.

 17:36:35 <czajkowski> ScottK: can I ask why the council email address isnt listed on the launchpad page, does make it kind ofhard to mail you all rather than getting all the address off lp and then emailing

 17:36:54 <ScottK> Most of the people involved in the project share a reasonably common vision of what Kubuntu is about, so there isn't a lot of controversy.

 17:36:59 <ScottK> czajkowski: I'm not sure there is one.

 17:37:01 <Riddell> czajkowski: the council doesn't have an e-mail address

 17:37:16 <Riddell> we use the kubuntu-devel list, we haven't had a need to do anything other than in the open

 17:37:52 <czajkowski> maybe a note saying that on the lp  page on the wiki page might be an idea  I searhced for a long time before I wento email all one by one

 17:38:01 <czajkowski> *searched

 17:38:11 <sabdfl> Qt team was super to collaborate with on touch

 17:38:46 <czajkowski> ScottK: Riddell Darkwing by all accounts ye do seem to be doing a great job and it's good to see things are still going on and improving

 17:38:53 <pleia2> and in general, the Qt folks approached Darkwing and I about SCALE this week, we'll be sharing some booth materials :)

 17:39:01 <ScottK> Nice

 17:39:06 <pleia2> telling people about Kubuntu and Unity 2D

 17:39:06 <Riddell> Qt are doing the community thing very promisingly I think, they want it to be a fully open project

 17:39:33 <sabdfl> just so long as they keep it tightly owned and directed :)

 17:39:38 <sabdfl> so far, looks great

 17:39:54 <Darkwing> ill be talking with the Qt Booth at scale

 17:40:05 <Riddell> sabdfl: yes, the need for defining how to do that is why the qt community project has taken a while

 17:40:49 <Riddell> they have their structure plan defined now and it's looking good and taking real form

 17:41:06 <YokoZar> I'm curious, are these conference events a place where new collaboration starts?

 17:41:19 <Darkwing> I have a question for the CC. what would you like to see from kubuntu that might be lacking?

 17:41:48 <Darkwing> YokoZar: they can be. because of the face to face time.

 17:42:09 <pleia2> YokoZar: I'd say it's more about just getting in touch so you feel more connected, next time you run into an issue you might have someone you've met to go through rather than blindly emailing someone off a list or website

 17:43:00 <Darkwing> could imagine a uds with only email and irc?

 17:43:33 <Darkwing> that personal touch goes so much further then anything else.

 17:43:36 <YokoZar> Well, UDS is clearly good ;)  But every time I go to things like OSCon with things like convention floors and marketing booths, it just reminds me how much I prefer UDS ;)

 17:45:00 <Darkwing> well yes, uds has the development focus but, the personal connections can and have been very effective to getting collaborative efforts started

 17:45:35 <dholbach> Darkwing, after what I've heard, I'm quite happy with how things are coming together

 17:46:01 <YokoZar> To answer your question, I can't really think of anything specific I want from Kubuntu other than "more" ;)

 17:46:08 <Darkwing> dholbach: awesome. :P @ czajkowski

 17:46:18 * Darkwing ducks

 17:46:44 <czajkowski> Darkwing: *grin*

 17:46:46 <dholbach> Do you feel there's anything the CC could do for you? (Apart from helping to find new contributors. :-))

 17:46:47 <YokoZar> http://instantrimshot.com/

 17:47:00 <Riddell> if I can carry it we'll have a bit kubuntu poster at FOSDEM too

 17:47:13 <Riddell> big

 17:47:27 <czajkowski> oh excellent Riddell see you there :)

 17:48:48 <Darkwing> I can't think of anything other then the contribs. I wanted to thank you for wanting to sit down with us

 17:50:23 <YokoZar> Yes, thank you Darkwing Riddell and ScottK for attending :)

 17:50:29 <pleia2> thanks guys

 17:50:36 <ScottK> You're welcome.

 17:50:41 <Darkwing> sorry I was late and disjointed :)

 17:50:42 <dholbach> Yeah, thanks a bunch - keep up the good work!

 17:50:48 <czajkowski> Riddell: Darkwing ScottK thank you for the update and it was great to learn what is happening

 17:51:21 <YokoZar> #topic Fixed agenda items

 17:51:36 <YokoZar> Next chair?

 17:52:30 <YokoZar> Seeing no volunteers...

 17:52:31 <czajkowski> I can do if needed

 17:52:41 <YokoZar> Or maybe we can get akgraner to ;)

 17:52:53 <sabdfl> cunning

 17:52:59 <czajkowski> heh

 17:53:08 <YokoZar> #action czajkowski to chair next meeting or ask akgraner to

 17:53:08 * meetingology czajkowski to chair next meeting or ask akgraner to

 17:53:09 <sabdfl> well done team K, nice to have you here

 17:53:24 <sabdfl> calligra is looking fun

 17:53:33 <YokoZar> #action YokoZar to update agenda wiki page for next meeting time

 17:53:33 * meetingology YokoZar to update agenda wiki page for next meeting time

 17:53:50 <czajkowski> Is are gonna love me and my Rt's! :)

 17:54:19 <YokoZar> czajkowski: would you mind updating the team report to include the mailing deathlist?

 17:54:24 <YokoZar> (once the RT goes through)

 17:54:28 <czajkowski> will do

 17:54:39 <YokoZar> #action czajkowski to update team report ~ removed mailing lists

 17:54:39 * meetingology czajkowski to update team report ~ removed mailing lists

 17:54:43 <czajkowski> I'm so gonna have to bring cookies to IS one of these days

 17:55:27 <YokoZar> #action YokoZar to post meeting log

 17:55:27 * meetingology YokoZar to post meeting log

 17:55:49 <dholbach> A quick update regarding the Planet update: I talked to Alan Bell and his changes went in already, it's just a work item for us to go through it again and check the suggested removals and get them out of the config

 17:56:06 <pleia2> thanks dholbach

 17:56:07 <dholbach> I sent a reminder mail to the CC list

 17:56:16 <czajkowski> great stuff

 17:56:23 <YokoZar> thanks dholbach -- do you need anyone to take any new actions?

 17:56:33 <pleia2> oh, and akgraner spoke with jcastro about all the non-ubuntu cloud.ubuntu.com posts

 17:56:42 <pleia2> they will be tagging the ubuntu ones as ubuntu :)

 17:56:51 <pleia2> and only sending those to planet

 17:57:05 <dholbach> YokoZar, no, I guess 2 or more of us should have a look over it to make sure we don't accidentally delete valid entries

 17:57:08 <dholbach> but that's it

 17:57:48 <YokoZar> Ok good

 17:58:02 <YokoZar> I'm sure someone will volunteer to assist when you need it :)

 17:58:05 <dholbach> alright my friends - I'm invited for dinner and need to rush out now

 17:58:11 <pleia2> have a good night

 17:58:13 <YokoZar> Yes, I think we're about done

 17:58:17 <dholbach> thanks a lot everyone

 17:58:18 <dholbach> big hugs

 17:58:19 <pleia2> thanks everyone

 17:58:26 <czajkowski> sweet

 17:58:28 <czajkowski> thanks folks

 17:58:34 <YokoZar> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/AlanBell/mootbot)