#title #ubuntu-meeting Meeting

Meeting started by cjwatson at 15:01:18 UTC.  The full logs are
available at
http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2012/ubuntu-meeting.2012-09-12-15.01.log.html
.



== Meeting summary ==

 *lightning round

 *bugs

 *AOB



Meeting ended at 16:20:20 UTC.



== Votes ==




== Action items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * ev (103)
 * cjwatson (82)
 * ogra_ (51)
 * xnox (47)
 * infinity (38)
 * jodh (30)
 * stgraber (27)
 * ubottu (22)
 * bdmurray (21)
 * slangasek (20)
 * micahg (10)
 * doko (6)
 * TheLordOfTime (5)
 * mvo (3)
 * meetingology (3)
 * stokachu (2)
 * davmor2 (1)
 * barry (1)



== Full Log ==


 15:01:18 <cjwatson> #startmeeting

 15:01:18 <meetingology> Meeting started Wed Sep 12 15:01:18 2012 UTC.  The chair is cjwatson. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 15:01:18 <meetingology> 

 15:01:18 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 15:01:30 <cjwatson> #topic lightning round

 15:01:36 <cjwatson> $ echo $(shuf -e barry bdmurray cjwatson ev doko ogra jodh stgraber infinity xnox stokachu)

 15:01:39 <cjwatson> stokachu jodh xnox barry cjwatson ogra stgraber doko ev infinity bdmurray

 15:01:45 * infinity naps.

 15:03:01 <stokachu> - working on bug regression for libgcrypt, swamped in customer issues, backporting multi-arch into precise for the ones that have been approved, testing/verifying approved multiarch srus

 15:03:05 <stokachu> done

 15:03:10 <ev> oh yes, team meeting

 15:03:14 * ev scrambles

 15:03:17 <jodh> * blueprints

 15:03:18 <jodh> - foundations-q-session-management:

 15:03:18 <jodh> - no progress.

 15:03:18 <jodh> - desktop-q-upstart-session-requirements

 15:03:22 <jodh> - not started.

 15:03:25 <jodh> - foundations-q-upstart-service-readiness

 15:03:28 <jodh> - no progress.

 15:03:31 <jodh> - foundations-q-upstart-roadmap

 15:03:34 <jodh> - no progress.

 15:03:38 <jodh> - foundations-q-event-based-initramfs:

 15:03:38 <jodh> - reviewing slangaseks changes.

 15:03:41 <jodh> - collaboration with cjwaton on ptrace parent semantics:

 15:03:44 <jodh> - wading through kernel code and writing tests both confirm that

 15:03:48 <jodh> if a "debugger" re-execs, it retains its debugger status over

 15:03:51 <jodh> ptraced children. This behaviour appears not to be documented.

 15:03:54 <jodh> - allow unflushed log data to include null bytes in serialised data.

 15:03:57 <jodh> - fixed issue where 2nd and subsequent re-exec stopped log data serialisation.

 15:04:00 <jodh> - reviewed and merged lp:~jconti/upstart/fix_empty_chroot.

 15:04:04 <jodh> - reviewed lp:~cjwatson/upstart/stateful-reexec-ptrace.

 15:04:07 <jodh> - started writing tests (for sessions). This has uncovered an issue

 15:04:10 <jodh> with how empty strings are encoded which has necessitated a lot of

 15:04:14 <jodh> macro tweaks (in progress).

 15:04:17 <jodh> * upstart

 15:04:17 <jodh> - bug 1049820: informed user of workaround and identified fix.

 15:04:18 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1049820 in upstart "Using kill signal SIGPWR results in system crash" [Medium,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1049820

 15:04:20 <jodh> ~

 15:04:26 <jodh> sorry ev - I'm not getting competitive, honest!

 15:04:38 <slangasek> jodh: any further comments on my merge request?  is it time to merge it?: )

 15:04:56 <jodh> slangasek: which one? :) Do you mean the partial handling one?

 15:05:02 <ev> hahaha

 15:05:08 <slangasek> jodh: yes

 15:05:31 <cjwatson> thanks for the comments on my MP; I'll get to them once I'm out from under a few other things

 15:06:16 <jodh> well, the session test I'm currently working on touches on that whole area. TBH, I think that if we drop the partial handling, we also need the redesign whereby we serialise in the parent since we its a lot messier to back-out of an event_new() than creating a partial event.

 15:06:45 <cjwatson> I thought the agreement was that serialising in the parent was simpler anyway ...

 15:06:46 <jodh> slangasek: so, I think we do need to simplify that whole area, but it requires other changes to be applied together so I'll work on that.

 15:07:05 <xnox> * rls-q-tracking:

 15:07:05 <xnox> - btrfs-tools mark quantal task as fixed released, due to merging new

 15:07:05 <xnox> upstream release back in may. Precise task is still open.

 15:07:05 <xnox> - partman-auto-lvm fixed 154086 in precise & quantal, patch send to

 15:07:05 <xnox> debian as well (stokachu *wink* )

 15:07:05 <xnox> - autofs bug #488696 did some analysis options are to fix buggy

 15:07:07 <xnox> lex/bison parser or to rewrite it in C (as libc does). But I don't

 15:07:07 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 488696 in autofs5 (Ubuntu Precise) "syntax error in nsswitch config near [ syntax error ]" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/488696

 15:07:09 <xnox> have working lex/bison knowledge nor want to spend time ripping

 15:07:11 <xnox> libc specific bits out of the libc parser. Anyone up for fun times

 15:07:15 <xnox> with lex/yacc?!

 15:07:17 <xnox> - proposed a branch to fix the top crashes in ubiquity bug #1027648,

 15:07:18 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1027648 in ubiquity (Ubuntu Quantal) "ubiquity crashed with ValueError in command(): I/O operation on closed file." [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1027648

 15:07:19 <xnox> which is actually yet another incarnation of an older bug #792652.

 15:07:21 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 792652 in ubiquity (Ubuntu Precise) "ubiquity crashed with ValueError in command(): I/O operation on closed file" [High,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/792652

 15:07:21 <xnox> Please review https://code.launchpad.net/~xnox/ubiquity/fix-value-errors/+merge/123727

 15:07:23 <xnox> * ubiquity:

 15:07:25 <xnox> - many bugfixes committed and uploaded

 15:07:27 <jodh> yes it is and we plan to do that, but I'm currently working on the tests, being higher priority than that parent-serialisation work (it's in the TODO list :)

 15:07:27 <xnox> - good progress on hooking up manual crypt UI

 15:07:29 <xnox> - spent some time chatting with Riddell, Qt Automatic LVM & LUKS has

 15:07:31 <xnox> landed in trunk, pending FFe bug 1048712

 15:07:32 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1048712 in ubiquity (Ubuntu Quantal) "FFe [kde] add LVM and LUKS options" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1048712

 15:07:42 <cjwatson> fix-value-errors> on my list (somewhere), thanks

 15:07:50 * xnox realised it's my turn.

 15:07:57 <cjwatson> need to think hard about that

 15:08:04 <xnox> true....

 15:08:57 <xnox> .. *done* ..

 15:09:14 <barry> more consumption of gwibber spaghetti, but it's getting progressively more gluten-free as we're nearing completion of the py3 port.  worked a bit on support for the py3 port of twisted (buildbots, ppas).  bug #1048710 (patches landed upstream, but discussion is ongoing).  bug #887699 (postponed).  no change to q blueprints.  will atone today for my lack of patch piloting yesterday.  will continue with r planning of py3 work.  done.

 15:09:16 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1048710 in python3.2 (Ubuntu) "Regression in argparse for Python 2.7, 3.2 and 3.3" [Critical,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1048710

 15:09:17 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 887699 in python-distutils-extra (Ubuntu) "python-mkdebian: Support python3 projects" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/887699

 15:10:27 <slangasek> jodh: hmm, I don't agree that these things are tied; I think the 'partial' reworking stands on its own...  but ok, we can discuss outside the meeting

 15:10:56 <cjwatson> Got permission to open-source the bits of cdimage that weren't already released, in conjunction with my Python rewrite; so I've been powering ahead with that rewrite.  In branch hell at the moment.

 15:11:00 <cjwatson> Working on GRUB 2.00 packaging; FFe approved as long as I get it landed this week, so aiming for that.  Testing looking fairly good so far.

 15:11:03 <cjwatson> Worked on a test for ptrace handling across stateful-reexec in Upstart.  Needs a few tidy-ups before landing, but James and I confirmed that ptrace is preserved which saves a chunk of work.

 15:11:07 <cjwatson> Tidied up various glitches in the squashfs-base server image (bug 1028453, bug 1049011).

 15:11:10 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1028453 in livecd-rootfs (Ubuntu) "Quantal Ubuntu Server minimal install oversized" [High,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1028453

 15:11:10 <cjwatson> Added a couple of binaries to ubuntustudio-meta on request of the Ubuntu Studio folks.

 15:11:11 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1049011 in live-installer (Ubuntu Quantal) "Quantal server installation fails to install kernel" [Critical,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1049011

 15:11:13 <cjwatson> Backported fix for data-loss bug in 'sort -u' (bug 1038468).

 15:11:14 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1038468 in coreutils (Ubuntu Precise) "data loss on sort -u" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1038468

 15:11:16 <cjwatson> Lots of rebuilds for glew and tiff transitions.

 15:11:19 <cjwatson> ..

 15:11:37 <ogra_> done:

 15:11:37 <ogra_> * plenty of ac100 testing, fixing etc

 15:11:37 <ogra_> * held panda install hangout talk http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jsIW7EF103A

 15:11:37 <ogra_> * flash-kernel: worked on hiding boot devices

 15:11:38 <ogra_> * started on updating the arm install wikis

 15:11:40 <ogra_> * some GLES driver work (kernel tests etc for fixing the remaining issues) for bug 1045491

 15:11:41 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1045491 in pvr-omap4 (Ubuntu Quantal) "Moving mouse messes up the desktop" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1045491

 15:11:44 <ogra_> * looked into lshw, it defaults to run dmidecode as first test on all arches, started looking into a fix

 15:11:47 <ogra_> todo:

 15:11:49 <ogra_> * finish flash-kernel changes

 15:11:51 <ogra_> * inspect framebuffer and kbd issues with d-i on panda (1045855 and 1045788)

 15:11:53 <ogra_> * get the kernel fixes for 1045491 finally applied

 15:11:55 <ogra_> * finish wikipages

 15:11:57 <ogra_> ..

 15:12:31 <stgraber> - Container

 15:12:31 <stgraber> - Worked on upstream repository, got daily builds setup, soon to be integrated with the test suite (Serge is working on that part)

 15:12:35 <stgraber> - Announced the upstream staging branch, reviewed and merged quite a few more changes

 15:12:38 <stgraber> - Rewrote lxc-start-ephemeral in python3 using the API (used to be shell) and pushed upstream

 15:12:41 <stgraber> - Reviewed Serge's changes to the server guide (covering apparmor changes, seccomp, hooks and API)

 15:12:44 <stgraber> - Started preparing a blog post on the API

 15:12:46 <stgraber> - Release

 15:12:49 <stgraber> - Beta-1 release with the usual tweaks to lp:ubuntu-archive-tools

 15:12:51 <stgraber> - A few FFe/UIFe reviews

 15:12:54 <stgraber> - Networking

 15:12:56 <stgraber> - Spent some time going through bug 1003656 again, hopefully fixed for good this time. Forwarded change to Debian.

 15:12:58 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1003656 in bridge-utils (Ubuntu Precise) "bridge-utils/vlan udev hooks prevent execution of upstart hook, slowing down boot" [Low,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1003656

 15:12:59 <stgraber> - Re-added missing dhclient-script code checking for /etc/resolv.conf writability (when not using resolvconf), forwarded to Debian

 15:13:02 <stgraber> - Uploaded resolvconf with bugfix for bug 1035076 and bug 994575

 15:13:04 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1035076 in resolvconf (Ubuntu) "dnscache resolvconf update script still accesses /etc/resolvconf/run/" [High,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1035076

 15:13:05 <stgraber> - Reviewed fix in bug 752481 and uploaded

 15:13:06 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 994575 in resolvconf (Ubuntu Precise) "/etc/ppp/ip-up.d/000resolvconf should "exit 0" if pppd was run by NM, since NM will register the nameserver addresses itself" [Undecided,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/994575

 15:13:07 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 752481 in ifupdown (Ubuntu) "networking is not actually brought down/up when moving to/from runlevel 1" [Medium,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/752481

 15:13:07 <stgraber> - Other

 15:13:10 <stgraber> - Some ARB package reviews

 15:13:12 <stgraber> - Tested new grub2 from cjwatson's PPA

 15:13:15 <stgraber> - TODO

 15:13:17 <stgraber> - Continue with isc-dhcp bugfixes

 15:13:20 <stgraber> - Look at merging ifupdown 0.7.2 (should be bugfix only)

 15:13:22 <stgraber> - Go through the other networking related packages seeing if there's something else that needs fixing for 12.10

 15:13:25 <stgraber> - ISO tracker work

 15:13:28 <stgraber> (DONE)

 15:15:20 <cjwatson> doko: ?

 15:15:43 <doko> - openjdk-7 backport for precise

 15:15:43 <doko> - binutils and gcc-4.7 updates (toward the 2.23 and 4.7.2 releases).

 15:15:43 <doko> - start ubuntu+1 maintenance

 15:15:43 <doko> - worked on component mismatches, filed outstanding bug reports, pestered people, and processed some MIRs

 15:15:43 <doko> - cleaning up NBS, bug fixes, package removals

 15:15:49 <doko> (done)

 15:15:59 <ev> - Massive http://errors.ubuntu.com deployment.

 15:15:59 <ev> - We've now gone live with our own handling of openid. Your session will be

 15:15:59 <ev> cached - you'll no longer have to log into every individual problem or

 15:15:59 <ev> instance page. This also will let us map your teams to the packages those

 15:15:59 <ev> teams are responsible for, in order to give you a custom view of the most

 15:15:59 <ev> common problems table.

 15:16:07 <ev> - We've iterated over the most common problems table a lot. The coloring

 15:16:07 <ev> should be a bit more obvious (we're still working through this) and it

 15:16:07 <ev> should be a lot easier to read overall.

 15:16:07 <ev> - The graph finally has a denominator of the number of unique systems over a

 15:16:07 <ev> 90 day span. I have to manually run a script for each day for this until

 15:16:07 <ev> my merge to canonical-memento gets merged.

 15:16:12 <ev> - The graph now changes to reflect what packages and Ubuntu version you've

 15:16:13 <ev> selected. So you can now see how often software-center crashes over time.

 15:16:13 <ev> - You can create bug links where they don't already exist. Woo.

 15:16:13 <ev> - The Loading of the most common problems table has been sped up again. In

 15:16:13 <ev> my tests it loads somewhere between 1483 and 1988ms, but production is

 15:16:13 <ev> still somehow a bit sluggish. Investigating further.

 15:16:23 <ev> - The coloring of the most common problems table actually reflects the

 15:16:23 <ev> selected release. The first seen and last seen fields do as well.

 15:16:23 <ev> - Started testing Cassandra authentication on behalf of the webops team so

 15:16:23 <ev> that we can give Brian read-only access to the DB.

 15:16:23 <ev> - Lots of bug fixes. I'll spare you listing them all here for a change.

 15:16:23 <ev> - Merges from both Brian and Matthew. Yay contributors!

 15:16:28 <ev> (done)

 15:16:40 <infinity> - kernel SRU wrangling

 15:16:40 <infinity> - utouch->oif rename SRU reviews/shepherding

 15:16:40 <infinity> - other random SRU and AA work

 15:16:40 <infinity> - some FFe reviews

 15:16:40 <infinity> - discussions about offspring and cdimage mating

 15:16:42 <infinity> - discussions with IS about the state of buildd upgrades

 15:16:45 <infinity> - worked on livefs-in-soyuz stuff a bit

 15:16:47 <infinity> - a few FTBFS fixes

 15:16:50 <infinity> - looked into dpkg SRU for bug #624877

 15:16:52 <infinity> - started looking at clang updates

 15:16:55 <infinity> ………

 15:16:56 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 624877 in linux (Ubuntu) "INFO: task dpkg:23317 blocked for more than 120 seconds." [Undecided,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/624877

 15:17:10 <ev> sorry if that's entirely incoherent. I was working with Matthew on how we present the coloring if we're showing all the releases at once, and entirely forgot we had the meeting. Oops.

 15:17:32 <bdmurray> research into package install failures and less useful dpkgterminallog files - 'can not write log'

 15:17:35 <bdmurray> added patch / branch information to rls-q-tracking and incoming reports

 15:17:38 <bdmurray> added count per team to rls-q reports on cranberry

 15:17:40 <bdmurray> errors branch to display Launchpad bug report on a bucket page

 15:17:41 <bdmurray> errors branch to sort package versions on a bucket page

 15:17:41 <bdmurray> errors branch to display the release(s) a package version is in on a bucket page

 15:17:44 <bdmurray> modified needs-packaging wishlisting code to be more lenient regarding bug title renaming

 15:17:47 <bdmurray> branch for sponsoring page to show nominated tasks (bug 833706)

 15:17:49 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 833706 in ubuntu-sponsoring "Show pending SRU nominations" [Undecided,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/833706

 15:17:50 <bdmurray> bug fix for aptdaemon bug 875879

 15:17:50 <bdmurray> worked on fixing apport bug 1039220

 15:17:51 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 875879 in aptdaemon (Ubuntu Precise) "update-manager crashed with AttributeError in show_diff(): 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'group'" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/875879

 15:17:52 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1039220 in apport (Ubuntu Quantal) "don't report crashes for programs that don't match the file on disk (like for kernel crashes)" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1039220

 15:18:04 <bdmurray> done

 15:20:14 <cjwatson> ok, thanks all

 15:20:17 <cjwatson> #topic bugs

 15:20:47 <cjwatson> my rough impression is that rls-q-tracking has been trending downwards, but I don't know if there are any graphs of that so I'm going off memory

 15:20:47 <bdmurray> I ran across bug 988583 again and was wondering if that might be fixed with the new version of grub2

 15:20:49 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 988583 in grub2 (Ubuntu) "grub-mount hangs when update-grub is ran" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/988583

 15:21:19 <bdmurray> cjwatson: there are no graphs for rls-q-tracking but there is a number in the report now

 15:21:30 <cjwatson> bdmurray: it's certainly possible; there've been a number of changes in the hfsplus driver

 15:21:32 <bdmurray> and I recall it being at around 50 last week

 15:22:02 <ev> oooh, is one of those changes write support?

 15:22:04 <cjwatson> including things like "Add btree loop check"

 15:22:09 <cjwatson> ev: ... in grub?

 15:22:13 <ev> hahaha

 15:22:14 <ev> sorry

 15:22:19 <bdmurray> additionally per steve's suggestion I added in a P and a B for bugs with patches or branches

 15:22:19 <ev> I missed that part :)

 15:22:20 <cjwatson> knee.  stop jerking.

 15:23:10 <cjwatson> bdmurray: I'll leave a note on that bug asking for testing

 15:23:23 <bdmurray> cjwatson: okay, thanks

 15:24:11 <bdmurray> with the dropping of the alternates cdromupgrade will no longer be supported - is that correct? bug 1045201

 15:24:12 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1045201 in update-manager (Ubuntu) "Precise to Quantal: cdromupgrade of Ubuntu Desktop failed with cannot calculate dependencies" [Medium,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1045201

 15:24:37 <cjwatson> we should probably go round images and check, but that's my understanding

 15:25:21 <xnox> i wonder though... there is a package pool on the quantal cd's with optional/restricted packages....

 15:25:30 <xnox> does update-manager pick that up as upgrade pool?

 15:25:50 <cjwatson> it's probably still on the server CD, probably mistakenly

 15:26:14 <cjwatson> since apt isn't going to have a whole lot of luck upgrading the base system from the squashfs

 15:27:45 <cjwatson> xnox: you know I'm actually not sure

 15:28:27 <bdmurray> so it sounds like there is some testing to be done

 15:28:47 <cjwatson> update-notifier distinguishes between "CD with packages", "CD with dist-upgrader", "CD with addons", "CD with aptoncd"

 15:29:03 * xnox commented on the bug

 15:29:21 <cjwatson> I don't think we'll get the dist-upgrader one but it might well show up as having packages

 15:29:28 <cjwatson> arguably correctly

 15:29:39 <cjwatson> This is the difference between:

 15:29:54 <cjwatson> A volume with software packages has been detected.  Would you like to open it with the package manager?

 15:29:57 <cjwatson> and:

 15:30:09 <cjwatson> A distribution volume with software packages has been detected.  Would you like to try to upgrade from it automatically?

 15:32:42 <xnox> cjwatson: will you comment on the bug?

 15:33:02 * xnox didn't even think about aptoncd

 15:33:16 <cjwatson> it's actually not relevant because it's commented out

 15:33:19 <xnox> also how does one produce "DVD with dist-upgrader" for personal reasons.

 15:33:28 <cjwatson> packages vs. dist-upgrader are the only two we actually need to care about

 15:33:37 <cjwatson> I suggest you start with data/apt-cdrom-check in update-notifier

 15:34:32 <cjwatson> anyway all the stuff that apt-cdrom-check looks for is basically under the same chunk of code in debian-cd

 15:34:42 <cjwatson> so it's easy enough to switch on and off

 15:34:59 <cjwatson> (for dist-upgrader support)

 15:35:07 <cjwatson> I've commented on the bug by the time-honoured method of copy and paste

 15:35:08 <cjwatson> next?

 15:35:18 * xnox who is "you" in the "I suggest you.."? (or did my connection drop and I missed something)

 15:35:44 <cjwatson> xnox: you, since you asked 'how does one produce "DVD with dist-upgrader"'

 15:35:51 <xnox> ah ok.

 15:35:52 <bdmurray> is bug 1013681 still something fixable for quantal?

 15:35:53 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1013681 in apt (Ubuntu Quantal) "make apt-key net-update secure" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1013681

 15:35:54 <cjwatson> apt-cdrom-check will show you what it's looking for

 15:36:05 * xnox got it.

 15:37:45 <cjwatson> well, I've acked the proposed approach on 1013681 now although not the specifics

 15:38:48 <cjwatson> it's not a security hole as the code is currently disabled, so I'd rather not rush mvo into it; if he's comfortable that what he has now is secure then he should upload it, if not then we can live without it for another release IMO

 15:41:38 <bdmurray> okay so let's wait on won't fix'ing

 15:41:45 <bdmurray> that's all I had for today

 15:43:16 <mvo> cjwatson: it will require a server side change

 15:43:36 <mvo> cjwatson: if you guys are happy with the new proposed schema we can upload (once the server side is updated)

 15:43:56 <mvo> but I (much) agree we should not rush this :) it caused enough pain already :/

 15:45:30 <cjwatson> Of course I can't help with the server side change at the moment because we don't have our sudo access back yet on pepo

 15:45:35 <cjwatson> You'll probably have to ask webops

 15:46:25 * xnox got some help with autofs flex parser from mjt =)

 15:46:28 * xnox \0/

 15:47:50 <cjwatson> #topic AOB

 15:47:57 <cjwatson> xnox: oh good

 15:48:02 <cjwatson> any more for any more?

 15:49:33 <ev> the 12.10 and 12.04 lines on errors.ubuntu.com have not converged

 15:49:42 <ev> and we're getting ever closer to release day

 15:49:59 <ev> not sure how to spin that into a positive :)

 15:50:23 <infinity> Are we expecting them to converge?

 15:50:40 <ev> infinity: I would hope so. It currently implies that 12.10 is less stable than 12.04

 15:50:47 <infinity> A stable release with a ton of post-release bugfixing, versus a new release with a ton of new software and new bugs?

 15:50:57 <xnox> ev: having them no converged is ok, as long as quantal one is below precise..... but that is not the case

 15:51:04 <xnox> ev: having them not converged is ok, as long as quantal one is below precise..... but that is not the case

 15:51:14 <infinity> (I mean, I'd like each release to be better than the last, but right after an LTS and a massive push to stabilise said LTS seems like a bit of a hard benchmark)

 15:51:44 <ev> but surely we don't want to ship something less stable than what we put out previously?

 15:51:53 <ogra_> heh

 15:51:54 <ev> one step forward, two steps back and all that

 15:52:00 <ogra_> can we hire 100 more devs then ?

 15:52:05 <infinity> ev: I think the only way to guarantee that is to stop fixing bugs in the LTS. :P

 15:52:05 * micahg would think that applies LTS -> LTS

 15:52:06 * xnox was considering to propose that Debian releases when RC(stable) > RC(testing) for a period of 3+ months....

 15:52:13 <ogra_> micahg, ++

 15:52:18 * ev beats ogra_ to death with the mythical man month

 15:52:20 <micahg> or interim -> interim

 15:52:45 <cjwatson> I can't figure out how to get the table below the graphs to show me just problems in 12.10

 15:52:55 <TheLordOfTime> cjwatson:  on errors.u.c?

 15:52:59 <cjwatson> Yes

 15:53:01 <ev> cjwatson: change the "error reports for" to Ubuntu 12.10

 15:53:03 <TheLordOfTime> ^ that

 15:53:06 <TheLordOfTime> near the top of that

 15:53:12 <TheLordOfTime> page

 15:53:21 <cjwatson> I do not see a widget labelled thus

 15:53:34 <cjwatson> There are clicky things labelled "Ubuntu 12.04" and "Ubuntu 12.10"

 15:53:38 <ev> above that

 15:53:40 <ev> to the left

 15:53:47 <cjwatson> Oh I see, duh

 15:53:48 <cjwatson> Thanks

 15:53:48 <ev> just under the site navigation

 15:53:50 <TheLordOfTime> :P

 15:53:50 <ev> sure thing

 15:53:55 <ev> that's changing, by the way

 15:54:03 <ev> to something you'll presumably find a bit more intuitive

 15:54:09 <ev> I'll post the mockup shortly

 15:55:18 * xnox presumes cjwatson scrolled down to the table ignoring the pretty pictures and colourful css and then tried to control the table....

 15:55:19 <ev> but it's like jml summarised in that canonical-tech posting:

 15:55:19 <cjwatson> The 12.10 list seems pretty dominated by software-center

 15:55:19 <ev> * Don't show your work-in-progress. Make it look like it came from

 15:55:19 <ev> heaven. You aren't going to get a second chance after they use your

 15:55:19 <ev> buggy app.

 15:55:19 <ev> * Ship 3.0.

 15:55:32 <cjwatson> xnox: No, I was misled by "all installed versions"

 15:55:41 <ev> I just don't think it's acceptable that we throw something out there that's less stable than 12.04 just because 12.04 was an LTS

 15:55:50 <ev> I have no doubt I'll be overruled on this :)

 15:55:59 <ev> but I want to make that sentiment known

 15:56:12 <xnox> ev: Debian folks will love you =)

 15:56:24 <ev> somehow I doubt that

 15:56:32 <ev> Debian folks and I don't generally get along

 15:56:34 * xnox remembers something about "time-based releases"

 15:56:38 <ogra_> ev, seriously, the LTS got several extra months of stabilization

 15:56:43 <slangasek> yeah, we Debian folk don't get on with ev

 15:56:49 <ev> what with my love for our inherited package system and development process

 15:56:50 <ogra_> how could 12.10 even remotely be more stable

 15:57:33 <ev> ogra_: because we shouldn't be letting things through that make it less stable. 12.04 should be the bar.

 15:57:35 <infinity> ev: Generally, I agree with you that each release should be an obvious quality iteration over the last, but the way we did post-release development on the LTS, it's a bit hard to demand that the next non-LTS measure up, bug-wise (though, it should be shinier and featurier!)

 15:57:57 <ogra_> to do a proper comparison here you would have to compare a snapshot of 12.04 that was taken at the same time in the cycle to todays quantal at least

 15:58:06 <slangasek> infinity: it's not hard at all to demand it, it's just hard to deliver it

 15:58:07 <infinity> ev: "Shouldn't be letting things through that make it less stable" means "no new upstream GNOME or KDE" (etc), which just ain't gonna happen.

 15:58:09 <davmor2> ogra_: not switch it on?

 15:58:11 <ev> we shouldn't consider each release independent of one another, otherwise we're always going to be going back and forth between remotely stable and hideously unstable

 15:58:13 <infinity> slangasek: Heh.

 15:58:17 <slangasek> I think we absolutely should demand it ;)

 15:58:24 <ogra_> davmor2, lol

 15:59:03 <ev> so for what it's worth, Matthew has asked Rick to make that graph release criteria in the future

 15:59:11 <ogra_> oh my

 15:59:12 <micahg> ev: no, but you have to compare apples to apples, 10.04 -> 12.04, 10.10 -> 12.10

 15:59:26 <ogra_> ev, then pretty please sync up the comparison timelines

 16:00:03 <ev> micahg, ogra_: then we'll at best be racing to catch up with the LTS as we get close to it

 16:00:04 <ogra_> you cant really compare something that had 50% more time and work invested into it with something unfinished if you dont look at the same timeframe

 16:00:06 <slangasek> micahg: why should we tolerate the newer release being crashier than the older one, LTS or not?

 16:00:09 <ev> we won't be getting more stable than the LTS

 16:00:17 <ev> and we wont be able to promise stable releases to our users between releases

 16:00:34 <slangasek> ogra_: why is "something unfinished" uploaded to the archive? :)

 16:00:35 <micahg> slangasek: because the LTS is feature conservative which starts you out in a better place quality wise

 16:00:56 <ogra_> slangasek, the release as such isnt finished :)

 16:01:23 <slangasek> ogra_: right, so you're arguing we should compare 12.10 today with 12.04 at the same point pre-release instead of comparing it with 12.04 today

 16:01:29 <ev> welcome mpt. Thought you might find this chat interesting

 16:01:31 <ogra_> all i'm sayin is that you need to compate precise after 5 months of development with quantal after 5months of development

 16:01:41 <ogra_> else the measuring is nonsense

 16:01:44 <infinity> We wouldn't need such pesky things as "feature freeze", if every new feature was landed bug-free.  Adding new software will add bugs, period.

 16:01:45 <micahg> even that might not be a fair comparison

 16:01:54 <infinity> And the LTS had 3 months of extra bug-fixing.

 16:01:58 <slangasek> ogra_: the point is that we want to be constantly ratcheting up the quality

 16:01:59 <ogra_> *compare

 16:02:01 <infinity> (Heck, it continues to have bug-fixing)

 16:02:14 <slangasek> and not just delivering something that's "as good" at release time as the last one

 16:02:26 <ogra_> slangasek, how if we have a huge dump of new sowftware each cycle that needs stabilization first

 16:02:29 <ev> infinity: sure - but shouldn't we be forward porting those fixes too?

 16:02:33 <ogra_> it will always be a sinus

 16:02:33 <slangasek> and the way to do that is to hold ourselves to a higher standard than what we delivered before

 16:02:45 <slangasek> ogra_: by not allowing huge dumps of software still in need of stabilization

 16:02:48 <ev> slangasek: ++

 16:02:50 <infinity> ev: Old fixes don't magically apply to new features.

 16:02:51 <ogra_> it might raise over tie

 16:02:56 <micahg> right, while there's a 6 mo release cycle, it's really a 2 yr/4 release cycle

 16:03:02 <infinity> ev: But yes, where they apply, of course they should be forward-ported and upstreamed.

 16:03:04 <slangasek> anyway, I'm not here today so I should perhaps stop derailing the meeting ;)

 16:03:07 <ev> hahaha

 16:03:09 <ogra_> but after all quality will droip through the cycle and has to be re-established every release

 16:03:23 <cjwatson> Old fixes - our processes tend to ensure this anyway by demanding that fixes land in the development release before being SRUed

 16:03:27 <cjwatson> (except near release)

 16:03:33 <slangasek> ogra_: that's the pattern of the past.  I don't think we should accept it as inevitable for the future.

 16:03:45 <micahg> so, each LTS should be progressively better, each LTS + 1 should be progressively better

 16:03:49 <ogra_> slangasek, by doin what ? take over all upstreams ?

 16:04:03 <ogra_> we dont really have any influence here

 16:04:09 <slangasek> sure we do

 16:04:11 <ev> micahg: only if we're chasing quality rather than demanding it up front, the chances of that happening are slim

 16:04:13 <slangasek> we don't take stuff that's not ready :)

 16:04:24 <ogra_> tricky :)

 16:04:36 <ev> micahg: especially over the distance between LTSes

 16:04:55 <cjwatson> slangasek: I do think auto-syncs would be completely impractical if we applied that standard in general

 16:04:59 <cjwatson> We can do it for stuff we touch anyway

 16:05:03 <micahg> ev: it's hard not to break stuff when you land a new everything, I would think the goal is to improve that over time as we have more automated test coverage

 16:05:03 <ev> suddenly in 3 months of LTS development we have to care about getting *better* than the previous LTS was

 16:05:22 <ogra_> note that i dont disagree that quality should raise with each release ... i just dont think the way we measure quality id right here

 16:05:25 <ogra_> *is

 16:05:38 <xnox> workitems burn-down chart has negative correlation with positive slope on the the errors chart

 16:05:39 <micahg> ev: I would think that each 2yr LTS cycle the quality gets better so you don't have to chase up quality at the last minute

 16:05:40 <ev> ogra_: what's wrong with how we're measuring it?

 16:05:45 <ogra_> since it doesnt apply to the real world scenario

 16:05:57 <slangasek> cjwatson: yes, another good point

 16:06:31 <ogra_> ev, if you measure R rigth after the big debian import and compare it to quantal final, R will be highly more unstable at that point

 16:06:34 <infinity> ev: Well, in an "ideal" world, the number of incidents per day in an LTS should approach 0 as people backport and fix old bugs.  (Sure, it won't reach 0, but that's the goal).

 16:06:46 <ev> micahg: we shouldn't be landing a new everything unless it's not making the line go up. If it does, reject it until we can show that it doesn't affect stability

 16:06:55 <infinity> ev: In a new release with new features and new bugs, we can never converge on that line, only on a data point in the past, as Oli points out.

 16:07:03 <cjwatson> ogra_: That will hopefully change as we move to using -proposed

 16:07:06 <ev> we shouldn't be giving people a blanket license to upload whatever broken software they want

 16:07:10 <ev> because "we'll fix it eventually"

 16:07:14 <ogra_> you need to compare the two points in time, not the final product with a product in the works

 16:07:23 <cjwatson> The vast majority of auto-sync breakage is just transient dependency kerfuffle, and that's detectable

 16:07:33 <ev> ogra_: right, and I'm saying we shouldn't do that.

 16:07:40 <micahg> ev: you can't predict every interaction, over time it will get better, but there will be bumps along the way, one would hope that it's new bumps each time though rather than the old ones

 16:07:43 <xnox> infinity: well it will reach to 0, because people will upgrade from the LTS to get shiny candy from asterisk or unity or emacs (or whatever tickles their fancy)

 16:07:47 <ogra_> ev, how else will you accurately measure then ?

 16:07:49 <ev> if something from an import is proving unstable, kick it out until we can prove otherwise

 16:08:07 * cjwatson proposes ev runs the auto-syncs for a while ;-)

 16:08:10 <infinity> xnox: Neat theory, but plenty of people (including us!) still us hardy in production.

 16:08:22 <ogra_> my mom uses hardy :)

 16:08:30 <infinity> s/still us/still use/

 16:08:30 <xnox> infinity: i remember upgrading from potato last year....

 16:08:31 * ogra_ recently discovered that

 16:09:34 <ev> cjwatson: I'm not saying don't do the autosyncs. I'm saying that if something passes through whatever QA we have and is showing up as buggy on errors.ubuntu.com, and we're not going to immediately fix it, then revert back to the old version.

 16:09:39 <xnox> ev: should we sync from testing by default then? such that we don't get debian's RC bugs, which will put us behind debian in terms of features, as users are free to run debian unstable to get shiny stuff

 16:09:40 <infinity> ev: It's also pretty unrealistic (IMO) to say "well, if you land the new GNOME stack and it has new bugs that hurt the pretty graph, we should revert the whole thing until it can all magically be fixed without testers".

 16:09:50 <ev> infinity: why?

 16:09:52 <ogra_> ev, what you are proposing means that every package has to be touched ....

 16:09:58 <ev> I just don't think we can accept these as the rules of the game

 16:10:02 <ogra_> no more autosyncing etc

 16:10:06 <ev> I realise our tooling isn't entirely there

 16:10:09 <ev> but we should focus on that

 16:10:20 <infinity> ev: Hey, if you want to be the one who figures out how to reliably downgrade everyone to an old GNOME version, be my guest.  But that's wasted effort.

 16:10:25 <infinity> ev: It's not about "tooling".

 16:10:30 <ev> rather than focus on continuing to shovel broken software in and throwing our hands in the air when we talk about being able to revert bad decisions

 16:10:31 * ogra_ hands ev the manhour back with the last sentence :P

 16:10:45 <cjwatson> ev: I actually quite seriously think that -proposed will sort out omost of the auto-sync chaos

 16:11:05 <cjwatson> ev: Given that practically none of the stuff we see on errors.ubuntu.com is auto-synced from Debian; it's nearly all Ubuntu-specific stuff

 16:11:11 <xnox> ev: what about facebook style deployements "reverts are for suckers" policy which implies "everyone help fix the last deployment NOW"

 16:11:19 <ev> this is getting slightly off track. It's ultimately unrelated to whether we use those lines as release criteria

 16:11:28 <ev> xnox: sure

 16:11:38 <ev> this is why I think we're off track

 16:11:51 <cjwatson> ev: Which has implied to me for some time that worrying about imports of other people's software is misdirected effort, and we need to get our own in-house-developed software in order instead

 16:11:53 <ev> even if we accept broken software into the archive

 16:11:55 <ogra_> xnox, yay, after hours !

 16:11:57 <ev> we should be fixing that *now*

 16:12:01 <ev> not in a few releases

 16:12:20 <infinity> cjwatson: Yeah, I won't disagree with that.

 16:12:27 <ev> cjwatson: to be honest, I'd like to get to the point where we can measure the actual usage of this software

 16:12:36 <ev> I think a lot of time is wasted on merges and syncs that are done because people can

 16:12:41 <ev> and not because anyone is actually using the software

 16:13:03 <xnox> ogra_: well... it all mater only up to... it's time for my volleyball practice. And by that time US folks are up ;-)

 16:13:04 <ev> and then we could take the number of people using a package, the number of errors it has, and make a real judgement on whether its worth our investment

 16:13:09 <ogra_> that surely doesnt apply to main

 16:13:09 <ev> of qa, engineering, etc

 16:13:17 <cjwatson> I wonder how much time you think is wasted on auto-syncs; it's not that much

 16:13:20 <ogra_> (or what MoM lists as main)

 16:13:27 <stgraber> well, if something isn't widely used, it's unlikely to have an Ubuntu delta, so it's just a "free" auto-sync then

 16:13:40 <xnox> "free" auto-sync with bugs.

 16:13:50 <infinity> We'll sometimes carry a small FTBFS delta, but that's never onerous.

 16:14:02 * xnox wanted new offlineimap and I am not affected by it's new bug..... yet everyone else is.....

 16:14:03 <ogra_> stgraber, apart from libs and transitions that come down the drain and need manual intervention on a set of ubuntu maintained bits

 16:14:05 <infinity> Anything with an actual runtime bugfix kinda implies someone used it and found a bug.

 16:15:26 <stgraber> ogra_: right, but these are mostly easy/repetitive/scriptable kind of work, not multi-hours kind of merges like we have on some other packages

 16:15:50 <ogra_> yeah, indeed, but its work nontheless and migth have impact on e-u-c graphs

 16:15:54 <infinity> Anyhow, we already spend a majority of our engineering time on a tiny subset of the archive, and most of the time people complain about having to fix a transition or touch a package "that doesn't matter", they could have fixed it in the time it took to whine. :P

 16:16:10 <cjwatson> I also worry about the underlying notion that even if only 1% of our userbase uses something, say, that we can afford to incrementally annoy 1% of our users in slices until they're all gone

 16:16:26 <stgraber> xnox: for something that doesn't have an Ubuntu delta, I prefer being in sync with Debian so that we can directly forward any bug report there than run an old version that's supposedly more stable (we don't really know) and where when it breaks we'd just be told that we're using an outdated version

 16:17:30 <ev> cjwatson: I think the data (if we ever get it) will first show that our userbase isn't a collection of 1% slices

 16:17:30 <cjwatson> I'd much rather be very inclusive of the long tail

 16:17:30 <stgraber> cjwatson: +1 on the whining is taking up way more time than actually fixing it :)

 16:17:33 <xnox> stgraber: yeah... I uploaded into debian ;-)

 16:18:02 <cjwatson> ev: I also think that the effort of discussing most of this exceeds the effort involved in leaving it there :-)

 16:18:26 <ev> :)

 16:18:31 * infinity thinks that perhaps this meeting has run its course, and it's time for us to plan an in-person sprint, with boxing gloves.

 16:18:40 <ev> yes please

 16:18:51 <cjwatson> 1% is a random number obviously but I have at least some anecdotal evidence in the form of upset messages in my inbox from a reasonable percentage of the packages I remove from the archive

 16:19:04 <cjwatson> Many of which I thought were so obscure nobody would care

 16:19:15 <cjwatson> It turns out we have users who care about different business-specific requirements ;-)

 16:19:19 <ev> cjwatson: we could always work out a system whereby it got copied to another pocket

 16:19:28 <ev> instead of removed entirely

 16:19:29 <ev> err moved

 16:19:36 <ev> one that our users don't have to deal with

 16:19:38 <infinity> ev: That's just adding complexity, I don't see how that fixes anything.

 16:19:41 <cjwatson> Well, this was stuff that had been removed from Debian, generally

 16:19:45 <ev> ah

 16:19:48 <cjwatson> Not removing it means we assume responsibility

 16:20:09 <slangasek> geez, y'all are still going? :)

 16:20:10 <slangasek> #endmeeting

 16:20:14 <ogra_> haha

 16:20:15 <infinity> \o/

 16:20:16 <cjwatson> So I think those removals were generally correct, but even in those should-be-fairly-uncontroversial cases, a good fraction of the removals cause user upset

 16:20:20 <cjwatson> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)