#title #ubuntu-meeting Meeting

Meeting started by jdstrand at 18:01:31 UTC.  The full logs are
available at
http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2012/ubuntu-meeting.2012-07-02-18.01.log.html
.



== Meeting summary ==

''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting   (jdstrand, 18:01:38)
 *Weekly stand-up report

 *Highlighted packages
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/strongswan.html   (jdstrand, 18:19:10)
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/freeciv.html   (jdstrand, 18:19:13)
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/qtnx.html   (jdstrand, 18:19:16)
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/policycoreutils.html   (jdstrand, 18:19:20)
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/maildrop.html   (jdstrand, 18:19:24)

 *Miscellaneous and Questions



Meeting ended at 18:41:59 UTC.



== Votes ==




== Action items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * jdstrand (55)
 * kees (17)
 * sbeattie (12)
 * tyhicks (10)
 * micahg (4)
 * meetingology (3)
 * tumbleweed (2)



== Full Log ==


 18:01:31 <jdstrand> #startmeeting

 18:01:31 <meetingology> Meeting started Mon Jul  2 18:01:31 2012 UTC.  The chair is jdstrand. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 18:01:31 <meetingology> 

 18:01:31 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 18:01:32 <kees> \o

 18:01:37 <jdstrand> The meeting agenda can be found at:

 18:01:38 <jdstrand> [LINK] https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting

 18:01:45 <jdstrand> hi kees :)

 18:01:55 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Weekly stand-up report

 18:02:00 <jdstrand> I'll go first

 18:02:26 <jdstrand> I'm working on getting oo.o and libreoffice out today

 18:03:17 <jdstrand> I've also got the apparmor 2.8 upload for quantal, but am trying to work out the python3 packaging as libapparmor isn't importable in python3 due to it going to the wrong place

 18:03:47 <jdstrand> the ufw python3 port should be done, I'd like to get it packaged for quantal

 18:04:07 <jdstrand> I plan to continue working on my assigned updates after that

 18:04:27 <jdstrand> mdeslaur: is off today. he is on triage and I believe has some updates pending

 18:04:35 <sbeattie> jdstrand: do we expect python-libapparmor to only support python3 from a packaging standpoint?

 18:04:51 <jdstrand> jjohansen is also off. I'm not sure what he has planned

 18:05:02 <sbeattie> (hopefully sleep)

 18:05:30 <jdstrand> sbeattie: that was my starting point, since there are no reverse depends. in thinking about it over the weekend though, I think we may want to also export python2

 18:05:56 <sbeattie> would we need a separate package for that?

 18:06:07 <jdstrand> our python tools should be bi-lingual, so it should just be a matter of putting things in the right place

 18:06:15 <sbeattie> okay

 18:06:28 <jdstrand> sbeattie: based on my understanding of the Debian/Ubuntu python packaging guidelines, yes

 18:06:52 <jdstrand> I am going to get some advice on that though

 18:07:26 <kees> it should be possible to just build the python bindings twice

 18:07:42 <jdstrand> that is what I was hoping

 18:08:14 <jdstrand> the recent commits make it so that PYTHON* env variables dtrt

 18:08:26 <jdstrand> so I just need to work out how to package that bit

 18:08:56 <kees> yeah. is there a dh_python3, or does dh_python2 handle both?

 18:09:04 <jdstrand> dh_python3 isn't being super helpful atm-- it is putting things in site-packages instead of dist-packages so python3 script can't find it

 18:09:43 <jdstrand> kees: both-- I think dh_python2 can be passed --with-python3 and then maybe it will work. I'm kinda in the middle of it, so not sure

 18:09:48 <kees> cool

 18:09:50 <micahg> hrm, I thought site-packages was deprecated since python 2.6?

 18:09:56 <jdstrand> micahg: exactly

 18:10:20 <micahg> well, that sounds like a bug that should be easily fixed, has anyone talked to doko_ about it?

 18:10:26 <jdstrand> anyhoo-- we don't need to bikeshed this-- I'm on it and will work it out. if I need help, I'll holler

 18:10:38 <tumbleweed> jdstrand: site-packages vs dist-packages means you aren't calling setup.py correctly

 18:11:00 <jdstrand> tumbleweed: heh, thanks. I read something on that and thought that might be the case

 18:11:08 <tumbleweed> you want --install-layout=deb

 18:11:12 <jdstrand> but haven't had a chance to try it

 18:11:30 <jdstrand> tumbleweed: noted. this may go faster than I thought. thanks! :)

 18:11:55 <jdstrand> sbeattie: you're up

 18:12:09 <sbeattie> I'm in the happy place this week

 18:12:54 <sbeattie> I'm testing the openjdk-6/icedtea-web backport/update; hoping to have that out by the end of this week.

 18:13:08 <sbeattie> I've also got an embargoed issue on my plate

 18:13:29 <sbeattie> I need to catch up on the open apparmor patches for review.

 18:13:52 <sbeattie> and that's pretty much it for me; I'll be off the 4th for the US national holiday.

 18:14:00 <sbeattie> micahg: you're up

 18:14:41 <micahg> I'll be helping sbeattie test the icedtea backport as it fixes a regression for me, and then working on webkit

 18:14:49 <micahg> I think that's it

 18:15:23 <tyhicks> I'm in the community role this week

 18:15:43 <tyhicks> I'm wrapping up some Mozilla testing as we speak and then my focus will shift to the pidgin update

 18:16:25 <tyhicks> I didn't get much time to work on it last week since I was catching up on the Mozilla pretesting schedule and working through some issues I ran into while doing that

 18:16:40 <jdstrand> tyhicks: did you sort out those issues?

 18:16:57 <tyhicks> I've got a short week. Half a day off tomorrow, the holiday, and then a full day off on Thursday.

 18:17:19 <tyhicks> jdstrand: Yep - it was a problem with our thunderbird config dir tar that we pull out of QRT. I can fill you in after the meeting.

 18:17:40 <tyhicks> (the rest was 'fixed' by filing bugs against ff/tbird)

 18:17:58 <tyhicks> I still haven't gotten to my merges, so any free time will be spent on those.

 18:18:02 <tyhicks> That's it for me

 18:18:14 <tyhicks> jdstrand: You're up since jj is away today

 18:18:53 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Highlighted packages

 18:18:57 <jdstrand> The Ubuntu Security team will highlight some community-supported packages that might be good candidates for updating and or triaging. If you would like to help Ubuntu and not sure where to start, this is a great way to do so.

 18:19:02 <jdstrand> See https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/UpdateProcedures for details and if you have any questions, feel free to ask in #ubuntu-security. To find out other ways of helping out, please see https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/GettingInvolved.

 18:19:10 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/strongswan.html

 18:19:13 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/freeciv.html

 18:19:16 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/qtnx.html

 18:19:20 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/policycoreutils.html

 18:19:24 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/maildrop.html

 18:19:48 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Miscellaneous and Questions

 18:20:00 <jdstrand> There are a lot of merge opportunities for packages listed in http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/d2u/. Performing these updates is a great way to help Ubuntu and bolster your developer application.

 18:20:09 <jdstrand> Does anyone have any other questions or items to discuss?

 18:20:18 <kees> I've got the xorg update for precise tested, can someone publish it?

 18:20:31 <kees> it's been sitting since UDS :P

 18:22:25 <jdstrand> kees: remind me-- is that >= 1.10 or > 1.10

 18:22:57 <tyhicks> That probably falls on my shoulders since I'm on community this week, but I doubt I'll be able to get to it with my short work week

 18:23:44 <kees> jdstrand: ?

 18:23:59 <jdstrand> kees: what version of X is affected?

 18:24:39 <kees> jdstrand: ah! introduced in 1.10 (LP: #996250)

 18:26:36 <jdstrand> kees: ok, so that means that natty and oneiric are also affected

 18:26:49 <kees> yeah, I didn't attempt those backports.

 18:26:53 <jdstrand> sure

 18:27:11 <jdstrand> we have currently prioritized this as 'low' due to our hardening measures

 18:27:32 <jdstrand> which is why no one has done anything yet

 18:27:50 <jdstrand> of course, the patch is sitting there, so someone could try to get that going

 18:28:11 <jdstrand> kees: do you feel 'low' is not appropriate for Ubuntu?

 18:30:19 <kees> well...

 18:30:30 <kees> it's a DoS due to upstart killing the respawn.

 18:30:50 <kees> and since on restart it aborts during video init, the console is unusable after the 1st restart

 18:31:26 <kees> so, it's kind of borderline. anyone can ruin your unsaved-work day by sticking in the evil hid thingy

 18:31:39 <jdstrand> yeah

 18:31:40 <kees> it's also very unlikely. :P

 18:31:50 <jdstrand> yes-- requires physical access

 18:31:53 <sbeattie> ... unless you're in the vicinity of kees

 18:31:57 <kees> :P

 18:32:11 <sbeattie> "workaround: avoid kees"

 18:32:23 <jdstrand> I can much less creatively ruin your work if I have physical access

 18:32:46 <jdstrand> anyhoo, it sounds like tyhicks will be looking at it

 18:32:58 <kees> cool, thanks

 18:33:08 <jdstrand> hopefully a backport will be straightforward and easy to test

 18:33:28 <jdstrand> anything else to discuss?

 18:33:30 <kees> I *think* the backport of my patch for 1.11 shouldn't be much worse for 1.10. I already hauled in all the new functions for 1.11

 18:41:57 <jdstrand> sbeattie, micahg, tyhicks, kees: thanks!

 18:41:59 <jdstrand> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)