#title #ubuntu-meeting Meeting

Meeting started by soren at 21:00:27 UTC.  The full logs are available
at
http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2012/ubuntu-meeting.2012-08-06-21.00.log.html
.



== Meeting summary ==

''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/TechnicalBoardAgenda   (soren, 21:00:54)
 *Action review
''ACTION:'' Soren to finish brainstorm review  (soren, 21:02:31)

 *MRE for point release mythtv in LTS
''LINK:'' https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/technical-board/2012-August/001357.html   (soren, 21:07:38)

 *check up on community bugs
''ACTION:'' cjwatson to look into https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu-community/+bug/174375  (soren, 21:29:26)

 *Any other business?
Next meeting is set for Aug 20th, 2100 UTC. Chair is stgraber  (soren, 21:33:57)



Meeting ended at 21:34:04 UTC.



== Votes ==


 * Approve MRE for MythTV
   For: 3 Against: 0 Abstained: 0



== Action items ==

 * Soren to finish brainstorm review
 * cjwatson to look into https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu-community/+bug/174375



== Action items, by person ==

 * cjwatson
 ** cjwatson to look into https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu-community/+bug/174375



== People present (lines said) ==

 * soren (66)
 * cjwatson (28)
 * superm1 (17)
 * meetingology (13)
 * stgraber (7)
 * mdz (6)
 * ubottu (4)
 * kees (3)



== Full Log ==


 21:00:27 <soren> #startmeeting

 21:00:27 <meetingology> Meeting started Mon Aug  6 21:00:27 2012 UTC.  The chair is soren. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 21:00:27 <meetingology> 

 21:00:27 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 21:00:49 <soren> Short agenda today:

 21:00:54 <soren> #link https://wiki.ubuntu.com/TechnicalBoardAgenda

 21:01:10 <soren> pitti seems to be on holiday

 21:01:21 <cjwatson> here

 21:01:31 <cjwatson> boring agenda

 21:01:35 <soren> I haven't seen apologies from anyone else.

 21:01:56 <soren> #topic Action review

 21:02:05 <soren> Soren: Brainstorm review

 21:02:22 <soren> No progress. Vacation and conferences and whatnot. :(

 21:02:31 <soren> #action Soren to finish brainstorm review

 21:02:31 * meetingology Soren to finish brainstorm review

 21:02:50 <soren> Anything else? Meetbot isn't very helpful from last meeting.

 21:03:05 <soren> Guess not.

 21:03:45 <soren> Gah, laggy connection. Crappy timing.

 21:03:46 <cjwatson> anything in IRC logs?

 21:03:47 <soren> Sorry guys.

 21:04:12 * cjwatson has a quick look

 21:04:14 <soren> There's the thing abut gut 252368

 21:04:18 <soren> gut? bug!

 21:04:26 <soren> bug 252368

 21:04:27 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 252368 in Launchpad itself "Automatically associate DD and DM accounts with GPG keys in keyring packages to allow DDs to use the Launchpad Email interface" [Low,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/252368

 21:04:59 <soren> It seems mdz was to follow up to the mailing list.

 21:05:13 <cjwatson> IMO this is low priority and we should stop caring

 21:05:13 <mdz> I didn't

 21:05:20 <mdz> OK with me

 21:05:30 <cjwatson> I can't understand why we're continuing to worry about it; there are many other more important things to do on LP

 21:05:42 <soren> Alright. Officially intentionally not going to carry this over.

 21:06:01 <cjwatson> I know we've been asked about it and there is some social importance to it

 21:06:10 <cjwatson> But there are lots of other things in a similar position

 21:06:39 * cjwatson skim-reading last fortnight's logs

 21:06:45 <soren> I see no other action items

 21:07:18 <soren> Moving on

 21:07:18 <cjwatson> I don't see anything else carried over either

 21:07:25 <soren> #topic MRE for point release mythtv in LTS

 21:07:38 <soren> https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/technical-board/2012-August/001357.html

 21:07:59 <soren> It wasn't added to the agenda, but I guess we can still discuss it.

 21:08:25 <soren> Is anyone here to represent this topic?

 21:08:33 <kees> I've been pretty happy with the process (I use MythTV myself).

 21:08:39 <stgraber> yeah, would be good to have this approved or rejected soon as they want to update mythtv for the 12.04.1 point release which is getting really close

 21:08:46 <kees> I've found upstream to be good about doing fixes only.

 21:09:10 <kees> I would be happy to approve a provisional MRE; though it would be nice if they had some kind of test suite.

 21:09:32 <soren> superm1: Just in time :)

 21:09:36 <stgraber> hey superm1

 21:09:39 <superm1> hi folks

 21:09:57 <stgraber> superm1: we're discussing your MRE request at the moment

 21:10:27 <stgraber> do you know what kind of testing is done upstream for their stable release? do they have any kind of automated testing or strong manual testing prior to release?

 21:10:27 <soren> (/msg'ed relevant scrollback)

 21:10:33 <superm1> stgraber: yeah soren just shared with the scrollback, thanks soren

 21:10:42 <soren> np

 21:10:57 <superm1> stgraber: they have automated build testing, but other than that it's strong manual testing prior to point releases

 21:11:19 <superm1> they heavily push the community to use their stable branch at all times when a problem comes up

 21:11:52 <soren> Do they have multiple branches, so this is a maintenance branch while there's another one where the dev focus is?

 21:12:14 <superm1> yes

 21:12:22 <superm1> they have a fixes branch for every major release

 21:12:26 <superm1> and a master branch for development

 21:12:44 <superm1> no new features come to the fixes branch for any of the releases for any reason, it's solely bug fixes

 21:13:06 <soren> How long are these branches usually maintained?

 21:13:20 <superm1> up until the next major release

 21:13:26 <soren> Is that time-based?

 21:13:44 <superm1> they're moving to time based now i believe

 21:13:54 <superm1> they were previously feature based (it'll be done when it's done)

 21:14:08 <superm1> but they're pushing features out for later releases if they're not going to be ready in time, and doing development in topic branches to merge

 21:14:51 <soren> Cool.

 21:15:22 <soren> I don't have any other questions.

 21:15:26 <soren> Anyone else?

 21:15:35 <superm1> and to be clear, this is just for asking for the micro releases of the 0.25 release (which only one is expected), i don't think it will be appropriate to push to 0.26 ever to -updates, only maybe -backports

 21:16:39 <soren> Oh, one more thing:

 21:17:07 <soren> Is this just a single source package or do we need a list somewhere?

 21:17:12 <cjwatson> It sounds reasonable enough to me

 21:17:15 <superm1> single source package

 21:17:38 <superm1> it used to be multiple source packages, but was a mess to sync up with archive skew

 21:18:02 <soren> Cool.

 21:18:04 <soren> Alright.

 21:18:32 <soren> #vote Approve MRE for MythTV

 21:18:32 <meetingology> Please vote on: Approve MRE for MythTV

 21:18:32 <meetingology> Public votes can be registered by saying +1, +0 or -1 in channel, (private votes don't work yet, but when they do it will be by messaging the channel followed by +1/-1/+0 to me)

 21:18:49 <soren> +1

 21:18:49 <meetingology> +1 received from soren

 21:18:51 <stgraber> +1

 21:18:51 <meetingology> +1 received from stgraber

 21:19:08 <soren> mdz, kees:

 21:19:23 <mdz> +1

 21:19:23 <meetingology> +1 received from mdz

 21:19:47 <soren> Going once..

 21:19:57 <soren> Going twice

 21:20:02 <soren> #endvote

 21:20:02 <meetingology> Voting ended on: Approve MRE for MythTV

 21:20:02 <meetingology> Votes for:3 Votes against:0 Abstentions:0

 21:20:02 <meetingology> Motion carried

 21:20:15 <superm1> great, thanks guys

 21:20:25 <stgraber> superm1: FWIW I'm also granting you a 12.04.1 exception, so if you want it in the point release, please make sure it's uploaded ASAP

 21:20:37 <superm1> stgraber: it's in the queue, just needs accepting

 21:20:45 <soren> Lovely.

 21:20:52 <soren> Moving on.

 21:21:03 <soren> #topic check up on community bugs

 21:21:54 <soren> So, given our discussion earlier, I'm going to go ahead an unassing us from https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu-community/+bug/252368

 21:21:55 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 252368 in Launchpad itself "Automatically associate DD and DM accounts with GPG keys in keyring packages to allow DDs to use the Launchpad Email interface" [Low,Triaged]

 21:22:27 <soren> As for https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu-community/+bug/174375

 21:22:28 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 174375 in Launchpad itself "Distribution drivers permissions may need redesign" [Low,Triaged]

 21:22:31 <mdz> I'm having network issues right now

 21:22:31 <mdz> lagging a lot

 21:23:19 <soren> I'm not sure what we need to discuss here still.

 21:24:05 <soren> I guess I'm not the only one.

 21:24:48 <cjwatson> We still need to get ubuntu-release-nominators out of ubuntu-release somehow; that team is a hack

 21:25:17 <cjwatson> To some extent we've just moved the problem (albeit to somewhere less damaging)

 21:26:15 <soren> I guess I'm not actually clear on what *we* are meant to do here.

 21:26:35 <cjwatson> Specify what should be done on behalf of Ubuntu

 21:26:58 <cjwatson> I think I might be able to take an action to progress this

 21:27:24 <cjwatson> Since I think I understand both the security model we want and the relevant bits of LP code

 21:27:42 <soren> Perfect!

 21:28:19 <soren> Given that the individual stakeholders are who they are, it seems a bit awkward for us to have to drive it.

 21:28:32 <cjwatson> But I currently have a toddler sitting on my lap so not so much right now

 21:28:59 <soren> Well, this too has been sitting in LP for years.

 21:29:09 <soren> Another day won't matter much.

 21:29:11 <soren> Great.

 21:29:26 <soren> #action cjwatson to look into https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu-community/+bug/174375

 21:29:26 * meetingology cjwatson to look into https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu-community/+bug/174375

 21:29:27 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 174375 in Launchpad itself "Distribution drivers permissions may need redesign" [Low,Triaged]

 21:29:28 <cjwatson> We can't in general assume that the LP team understands what Ubuntu wants to get out of their security model - we have to tell them

 21:30:13 <cjwatson> And the TB is the owner of the Ubuntu object in LP

 21:30:37 <soren> cjwatson: Understood. I was rather thinking it would be delegated to the stakeholders on the Ubuntu side.

 21:30:43 <cjwatson> Please no

 21:30:46 <soren> ..but if you're doing it, we're covered for sure.

 21:30:49 <cjwatson> We understand it better :)

 21:31:00 <soren> Very well.

 21:31:10 <cjwatson> The stakeholders are liaisons, not necessarily decision-makers

 21:31:17 <cjwatson> (With that hat on, anyway)

 21:31:30 <cjwatson> (Or at least that's how I understand it)

 21:32:10 <soren> Well, we'd certainly have final say in it, but it's hard for us as a group to actually drive this issue forward.

 21:32:24 <soren> But this is all academic since you've accepted the action item :)

 21:32:26 <cjwatson> Yes; but nobody else really can either :)

 21:32:28 <cjwatson> Yeah

 21:32:42 <soren> #topic Any other business?

 21:32:58 <cjwatson> We made excellent progress on it a while back in an in-person TB meeting, actually - we just haven't finished the job

 21:33:05 <cjwatson> Nothing else from me

 21:33:08 <mdz> none here

 21:33:16 <soren> Who's the next chair? stgraber?

 21:33:24 <stgraber> sounds right

 21:33:57 <soren> #info Next meeting is set for Aug 20th, 2100 UTC. Chair is stgraber

 21:34:04 <soren> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)