#title #ubuntu-meeting Meeting

Meeting started by iulian at 22:12:28 UTC.  The full logs are available
at
http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2012/ubuntu-meeting.2012-09-06-22.12.log.html
.



== Meeting summary ==




Meeting ended at 23:03:14 UTC.



== Votes ==


 * Grant notgary Ubuntu membership
   For: 5 Against: 0 Abstained: 0

 * Grant jk- Ubuntu membership.
   For: 6 Against: 0 Abstained: 0

 * Grant bluesabre Ubuntu membership
   For: 0 Against: 0 Abstained: 6



== Action items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * meetingology (37)
 * iulian (37)
 * hggdh (28)
 * jk- (21)
 * cjohnston (17)
 * notgary (12)
 * IdleOne (12)
 * micahg (10)
 * bluesabre (10)
 * PabloRubianes (3)
 * MrChrisDruif (2)
 * cielak (1)



== Full Log ==


 22:12:28 <iulian> #startmeeting

 22:12:28 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Sep  6 22:12:28 2012 UTC.  The chair is iulian. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 22:12:28 <meetingology> 

 22:12:28 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 22:12:45 <iulian> Hello and welcome to the Ubuntu Membership Review Board. The wiki page for the Review Board is available here: https://wiki.ubuntu.com/Membership/Boards.

 22:13:00 <iulian> The format for the meeting is as follows: We will go through the list of applicants one by one, by date of application (FIFO).

 22:13:27 <iulian> Each applicant should introduce themselves (1-5 sentences) and provide links to their Ubuntu Wiki page. After the introduction the members of the Membership Review Board will review the pages and, if needed, ask the applicant further questions.

 22:13:58 <iulian> During this time it is encouraged for other members of the community to show their support for the applicant. Do not be alarmed if the members of the Membership Review Board are quiet during this time; they are most likely reading wiki/launchpad/forum/other pages and deciding how they are going to vote.

 22:14:29 <iulian> Is Ravi325 here?

 22:14:47 <IdleOne> Don't believe they are

 22:15:04 * iulian waits a couple of minutes and then moves on to the next one.

 22:15:33 <hggdh> er. I am available to vote, if you are talling who is here

 22:16:28 <iulian> OK, time's up.

 22:16:36 <iulian> notgary: You're next, fire away!

 22:16:42 <notgary> Hey...

 22:16:47 * iulian waves.

 22:17:47 <notgary> Hi, my name's Chris Wilson, also known as notgary. I'm a software developer in my day job and am interested in using what I learn there to help Ubuntu. I work mostly on the papercuts project and have recently taken over leadership of it, and am working on a plan for making it a prominent project within the larger Ubuntu community.

 22:18:12 <notgary> You can find my wiki page here https://wiki.ubuntu.com/notgary

 22:19:03 <notgary> If anyone has any questions, I'll be more than happy to answer them.

 22:19:22 <hggdh> nice testimonial from bilal

 22:19:32 <IdleOne> agreed

 22:20:16 <iulian> notgary: I see that you're a member of unity community hackers on Launchpad. Are you helping out with unity as well?

 22:20:32 <micahg> notgary: I notice that you're a heavy contributor to the papercuts project, but I don't see any sponsored uploads, are most of these fixes pushed directly upstream?

 22:21:24 * hggdh holds on a question, waiting for the current ones to clear out

 22:21:50 <notgary> iulian: I joined the unity community hackers intending to contribute there, but have not yet gotten round to it.

 22:22:10 <iulian> Right, okay.

 22:23:12 <notgary> micahg: I've pushed very few patches actually. Most of my work has been of a management role, triaging bug reports, filtering out the non-papercuts, prodding developers to take a look at them, and generally making it easier for developers to know what needs dones.

 22:23:37 <micahg> notgary: ah, alright, still very important stuff

 22:24:16 <hggdh> and I remember notgary around

 22:24:48 <iulian> Brilliant. hggdh, you've got a question for him.

 22:25:04 <hggdh> notgary: given your work with bugs, why didn't you (yet) apply for Bug Control (this is a question with my Bug Control hat on)?

 22:25:26 * hggdh sees ~ 1,200 bus touched by notgary)

 22:25:37 * bluesabre claps.

 22:26:17 <notgary> hggdh: Just not gotten round to it. It's on my Ubuntu todo list, along with many other things :). If you think I qualify, then I'll go ahead and apply soon.

 22:27:06 <hggdh> notgary: given your work on papercuts, and bilal's support, you have a pretty good stading to apply. Of course, it will depend on what you show us ;-)

 22:27:26 <notgary> hggdh: Of course :)

 22:27:39 <hggdh> notgary: so, what else do you intend to do from now on?

 22:28:21 * cjohnston notes that he wants to/is learning Django.. I happen to know a project that can use help

 22:28:27 <cjohnston> ;-)

 22:29:15 <micahg> notgary: I notice you're a software engineer, have you ever thought of doing Ubuntu development work? (I guess I can have my DMB hat on since hggdh has his bug control one on :))

 22:29:29 <hggdh> heh

 22:30:12 <notgary> hggdh: Community interest in the papercuts project seems to be faltering. The bug mail is very quiet when I'm not working on them, and I intend to get people interested. The first step is to put together a questionnaire to find out exactly why that's the case, which can be distributed with the help of OMG Ubuntu (once I actually ask them :)). Once the results are in, then the way forward can be planned.

 22:30:12 * cjohnston takes all hats away :-P

 22:30:29 <iulian> Haha.

 22:30:33 * micahg hands cjohnston a shiny summit hat

 22:30:43 <cjohnston> ooo... shiny...

 22:31:00 * hggdh inscribes 'R' in cjohnston's new shiny hat

 22:32:41 <notgary> micahg: Ubuntu development work is always something that I've been planing on getting involved with. I mentioned earlier the existence of my ubuntu todo list. Membership of the Core Development team is on there, but finding time to learn the code has been a bit problematic, but I don't think that'll be the case much longer.

 22:32:59 <hggdh> I am ready

 22:33:17 <cjohnston> notgary: develop a couple extra hours in the day, then we can all be core devs ;-)

 22:33:26 <iulian> #voters micahg IdleOne cjohnston hggdh iulian

 22:33:26 <meetingology> Current voters: IdleOne cjohnston hggdh iulian micahg

 22:33:38 <iulian> #vote Grant notgary Ubuntu membership

 22:33:38 <meetingology> Please vote on: Grant notgary Ubuntu membership

 22:33:38 <meetingology> Public votes can be registered by saying +1, +0 or -1 in channel, (private votes don't work yet, but when they do it will be by messaging the channel followed by +1/-1/+0 to me)

 22:33:44 <iulian> +1

 22:33:44 <meetingology> +1 received from iulian

 22:33:46 <IdleOne> +1

 22:33:46 <meetingology> +1 received from IdleOne

 22:33:48 <micahg> +1

 22:33:48 <meetingology> +1 received from micahg

 22:33:55 <hggdh> +1

 22:33:55 <meetingology> +1 received from hggdh

 22:34:22 * IdleOne pokes cjohnston

 22:34:25 <cjohnston> o..I have to vote? I was looking at my shiny hat

 22:34:25 <iulian> cjohnston!

 22:34:27 <cjohnston> +1

 22:34:27 <meetingology> +1 received from cjohnston

 22:34:32 <iulian> #endvote

 22:34:32 <meetingology> Voting ended on: Grant notgary Ubuntu membership

 22:34:32 <meetingology> Votes for:5 Votes against:0 Abstentions:0

 22:34:32 <meetingology> Motion carried

 22:34:35 <IdleOne> Congrats!

 22:34:37 <iulian> notgary: Congratulations.

 22:34:42 <hggdh> notgary: you may want to touch bases with balloons, on promoting papercuts

 22:34:43 <bluesabre> Congrats notgary!

 22:34:50 <cielak> notgary: congrats!

 22:34:51 <hggdh> notgary: welcome in deaar sir :-)

 22:35:00 <iulian> bluesabre: Hello. Could you please introduce yourself?

 22:35:01 <micahg> notgary: don't worry about the membership, people will poke you when it's time to apply, as for the code, there are so many different packages it's hard to "learn the code", rather just find something you want to fix and go for it

 22:35:04 <notgary> Thank you all very much. I really appreciate your support :)

 22:35:37 <notgary> micahg: Thanks for the advice. I'll do that.

 22:35:40 <micahg> notgary: there are no shortage of Qt and C++ packages in teh archive that need help :)

 22:36:18 <hggdh> indeed, and a lot of packaging issues to look at as well (where no code is necessary, mostly)

 22:36:26 <bluesabre> Hi everyone!  I'm Sean Davis (bluesabre).  I'm a Xubuntu Team member and have spent some time with them reporting bugs initially, but now I've taken up some development work and maintain Parole and Catfish.  Here's my wiki page: https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SeanDavis

 22:36:50 <bluesabre> Also, I help out with Xubuntu Artwork.  :-)

 22:38:02 <bluesabre> I'd be happy to answer any questions you send my way.

 22:38:31 <hggdh> bluesabre: how long have you been working with (x)ubuntu?

 22:40:37 <bluesabre> hggdh: I started reporting bugs with Precise.  Starting with Quantal's development, I've been working with the team to resolve some of the artwork issues and revamping/maintaining Catfish and Parole.

 22:41:39 <bluesabre> Currently I'm working on porting indicator-messages back to gtk2 for xubuntu, but it's slow-going.

 22:42:58 <bluesabre> ^ specifically, started with Precise-beta

 22:45:11 <iulian> Any more questions for bluesabre?

 22:45:35 <iulian> #voters micahg IdleOne cjohnston hggdh iulian PabloRubianes

 22:45:35 <meetingology> Current voters: IdleOne PabloRubianes cjohnston hggdh iulian micahg

 22:45:45 <iulian> #vote Grant bluesabre Ubuntu membership

 22:45:45 <meetingology> Please vote on: Grant bluesabre Ubuntu membership

 22:45:45 <meetingology> Public votes can be registered by saying +1, +0 or -1 in channel, (private votes don't work yet, but when they do it will be by messaging the channel followed by +1/-1/+0 to me)

 22:46:05 <cjohnston> +0  - I'd like to see some more sustained contributions... The work you are doing is great, please keep it up.

 22:46:05 <meetingology> +0  - I'd like to see some more sustained contributions... The work you are doing is great, please keep it up. received from cjohnston

 22:46:06 <iulian> +0 at the moment.

 22:46:06 <meetingology> +0 at the moment. received from iulian

 22:46:15 <micahg> +0, good work, but we're missing the 'sustained' requirement for membership

 22:46:15 <meetingology> +0, good work, but we're missing the 'sustained' requirement for membership received from micahg

 22:46:20 <hggdh> +0 needs more time to show sustained contributions; apart from that it is OK, but please try again in a few months

 22:46:20 <meetingology> +0 needs more time to show sustained contributions; apart from that it is OK, but please try again in a few months received from hggdh

 22:46:32 <IdleOne> +0 bluesabre I like what I see, testimonial from knome is strong

 22:46:32 <meetingology> +0 bluesabre I like what I see, testimonial from knome is strong received from IdleOne

 22:46:32 <PabloRubianes> +0 come back in a few time

 22:46:32 <meetingology> +0 come back in a few time received from PabloRubianes

 22:46:37 <iulian> #endvote

 22:46:37 <meetingology> Voting ended on: Grant bluesabre Ubuntu membership

 22:46:37 <meetingology> Votes for:0 Votes against:0 Abstentions:6

 22:46:37 <meetingology> Deadlock, casting vote may be used

 22:47:09 <IdleOne> basically we would like you to keep up the good work and come back in 3-6 months

 22:47:30 <bluesabre> Bummer.  Thanks everyone for your consideration, I'll be back sometime after Quantal comes out.  :-)

 22:47:37 <hggdh> yes. The *only* thing that halted me was the sustained piece

 22:47:45 <iulian> bluesabre: We look forward to seeing you back!

 22:47:50 <bluesabre> Thanks!

 22:47:53 <cjohnston> bluesabre: that sounds like a great idea.. Please keep up the good work..

 22:47:54 <hggdh> bluesabre: please do come back

 22:48:08 <IdleOne> +1 on applying again

 22:48:09 <iulian> jk-: Hello, you're up next.

 22:48:24 <jk-> Hi folks, I'm Jeremy Kerr, from Perth, Australia

 22:48:31 <jk-> My wiki page is up at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/JeremyKerr . I also have some technical info up at http://jk.ozlabs.org/ .

 22:49:15 <jk-> My background and contributions are development-based, and I mostly work on kernel & plumbing-related projects.

 22:49:32 <cjohnston> jk-: were you at Plumbers last week?

 22:49:53 <jk-> Recently, this has been based around UEFI (mostly secure boot) and 64-bit ARM support in Ubuntu

 22:50:07 <jk-> cjohnston: unfortunately not :/

 22:50:34 <jk-> I've been there (presenting) in the last couple of years though

 22:50:55 <cjohnston> I went this year.

 22:51:26 <jk-> nice :) how was it?

 22:52:01 <cjohnston> Well.. I attended more of LinuxCon... but I was there because Plumbers used Summit

 22:52:19 <jk-> ah, right

 22:52:39 <hggdh> jk-: what have you done for Ubuntu (apart from helping on Askubuntu)?

 22:52:46 <jk-> oh wait, you're that Chris? I think I sat at your table at the closing party for the last Linaro Connect :)

 22:53:03 <cjohnston> probably

 22:53:23 <MrChrisDruif> Ugh, the downsides of having Chris in my mentions list... ;-)

 22:53:27 <jk-> hggdh: Most of my development work is done with upstream

 22:53:58 <cjohnston> Chris.. Chris.. Chris..

 22:54:11 <cjohnston> :-P

 22:54:11 <MrChrisDruif> Yeah Chris? ;-)

 22:54:29 <hggdh> folks, back to the subject matter, please

 22:54:41 <jk-> but I generally work on Ubuntu support for new machines - kernel hardware enablement work.

 22:54:56 <hggdh> jk-: what I am trying to verify is what else you have done for the Ubuntu community

 22:55:27 <IdleOne> jk-: You do anything with your Ubuntu LoCo?

 22:55:54 <hggdh> for example, are you active on any #ubuntu channel? Do you answer email question from the MLs? etc

 22:56:13 <jk-> ah, sure.

 22:56:32 <jk-> I'm generally active on #ubuntu-kernel, and have recently been getting into #ubuntu-devel

 22:58:09 <iulian> OK, thanks jk-.

 22:58:14 <iulian> Do you guys have any more questions for him?

 22:58:18 <hggdh> yes, I have seen you at -kernel

 22:59:10 <jk-> I've also been contributing to the last 5 UDSes,

 22:59:17 <IdleOne> How so?

 22:59:21 <jk-> mostly around specifications for kernel projects

 22:59:41 <jk-> running sessions based on suport for new hardware features

 22:59:51 <hggdh> and how did the blueprints go?

 23:00:14 <jk-> mostly well implemented

 23:00:29 <jk-> about to kick off the cycle again for Q :)

 23:00:53 <iulian> #vote Grant jk- Ubuntu membership.

 23:00:53 <meetingology> Please vote on: Grant jk- Ubuntu membership.

 23:00:53 <meetingology> Public votes can be registered by saying +1, +0 or -1 in channel, (private votes don't work yet, but when they do it will be by messaging the channel followed by +1/-1/+0 to me)

 23:00:53 <jk-> (this time for ARMv8 support... )

 23:01:02 <cjohnston> v8.. yippie

 23:01:14 <cjohnston> +1

 23:01:14 <meetingology> +1 received from cjohnston

 23:01:23 <IdleOne> +1

 23:01:23 <meetingology> +1 received from IdleOne

 23:01:28 <PabloRubianes> +1

 23:01:28 <meetingology> +1 received from PabloRubianes

 23:01:29 <hggdh> +1 but, as a note to all future candidates, *please* make sure you show community-related work

 23:01:29 <meetingology> +1 but, as a note to all future candidates, *please* make sure you show community-related work received from hggdh

 23:01:30 * iulian thinks he should've used #voters first.

 23:01:31 <iulian> +1

 23:01:31 <meetingology> +1 received from iulian

 23:01:36 <micahg> +1

 23:01:36 <meetingology> +1 received from micahg

 23:01:49 <iulian> #endvote

 23:01:49 <meetingology> Voting ended on: Grant jk- Ubuntu membership.

 23:01:49 <meetingology> Votes for:6 Votes against:0 Abstentions:0

 23:01:49 <meetingology> Motion carried

 23:01:58 <hggdh> jk-: welcome in!

 23:02:04 <IdleOne> Congrats jk-

 23:02:06 <micahg> iulian: I believe #voters is per meeting until changed or ended, but I could be wrong

 23:02:12 <jk-> awesome, thanks guys :)

 23:02:12 <iulian> Congrats jk-.

 23:02:23 <PabloRubianes> congrats jk-

 23:02:28 <jk-> ("guys" being the inclusive version)

 23:02:38 <hggdh> IIRC, it is per meeting unless someone leaves/comes in

 23:02:53 <iulian> Don't think so. Have a look above.

 23:03:14 <iulian> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)