#title #ubuntu-meeting Meeting

Meeting started by slangasek at 16:02:08 UTC.  The full logs are
available at
http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2012/ubuntu-meeting.2012-12-12-16.02.log.html
.



== Meeting summary ==

 *lightning round

 *Bugs
''LINK:'' https://errors.ubuntu.com/bucket/?id=%2Fusr%2Fbin%2Fsoftware-properties-gtk%3ASystemError%3A%3Cmodule%3E%3A__init__%3A__init__%3Aopen   (bdmurray, 16:31:48)
''LINK:'' https://errors.ubuntu.com/oops/013c3eee-3284-11e2-b1c9-2c768aafd08c   (infinity, 16:38:58)

 *AOB



Meeting ended at 16:44:20 UTC.



== Votes ==




== Action items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * ev (112)
 * stgraber (39)
 * slangasek (38)
 * xnox (30)
 * bdmurray (28)
 * ubottu (27)
 * doko (10)
 * infinity (9)
 * cjwatson (9)
 * meetingology (3)
 * barry (2)



== Full Log ==


 16:02:08 <slangasek> #startmeeting

 16:02:08 <meetingology> Meeting started Wed Dec 12 16:02:08 2012 UTC.  The chair is slangasek. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:02:08 <meetingology> 

 16:02:08 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 16:02:22 <slangasek> [TOPIC] lightning round

 16:04:30 <slangasek> $ echo $(shuf -e barry doko stgraber jodh ev bdmurray slangasek ogra cjwatson xnox stokachu)

 16:04:33 <slangasek> barry cjwatson ev stgraber stokachu xnox ogra doko slangasek bdmurray jodh

 16:04:42 <barry> win!

 16:04:45 <barry> bug 1061149 (more debugging, seems related to landscape). bug 1077076 (oneconf ported to py3 landed in trunk, bug 1088536 m-p for packaging). bug 1088535.  patch piloting (status sent to mlist).  done.

 16:04:46 <infinity> Isn't ogra on holidays?

 16:04:50 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1061149 in lightdm (Ubuntu) "boot occasionally hangs while "Checking battery state..."" [Undecided,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1061149

 16:04:50 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1077076 in oneconf (Ubuntu) "Switch from python-oauth to python-oauthlib" [High,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1077076

 16:04:52 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1088536 in oneconf (Ubuntu) "Updating packaging for Python 3" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1088536

 16:04:53 <slangasek> yes, as is jodh

 16:04:53 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1088535 in oneconf (Ubuntu) "Two test failures" [High,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1088535

 16:05:08 <slangasek> and stokachu is also not making the meeting today

 16:05:39 <cjwatson> Knocked out for part of this week by persistent cough/cold.

 16:05:39 <cjwatson> Further progress on 12.04 SB backport.  Seems to be mostly done now.

 16:05:39 <cjwatson> Fixed some embarrassingly old debconf regressions from work I did on dpkg-reconfigure earlier this year.

 16:05:43 <cjwatson> Half a dozen more cross-building fixes.

 16:05:45 <cjwatson> debmirror patch to limit mirroring to arbitrary field names by package.

 16:05:48 <cjwatson> Started work on publishing package set information in archive index files.

 16:05:51 <cjwatson> Followed up to Jean-Baptiste's autopkgtest integration mail with a few questions; should be able to start proposed-migration work after getting those answers.

 16:05:54 <cjwatson> Helped out with Upstart 1.6.1 release.

 16:05:56 <cjwatson> ..

 16:06:15 <ev> This is going to be a long one. Maybe go fetch yourself a nice hot kwahfee ☕

 16:06:15 <ev> Week of December 6th

 16:06:16 <ev> - Ubuntu Error Tracker sprint. Wrap up email forthcoming.

 16:06:16 <ev> - Managed to get through most of the sprint agenda:

 16:06:16 <ev> https://docs.google.com/a/canonical.com/document/d/1BWOIRdJvUueJa4cWV68UEY3nlmHgAVJY6aNGo6YSCQg/edit?pli=1#

 16:06:16 <ev> - We came up with an implementation plan for stopping phased updates:

 16:06:16 <ev> https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ErrorTracker/PhasedUpdates

 16:06:17 <ev> - And server-side hooks. This will let you request that additional

 16:06:17 <ev> information be sent for a package or problem (bucket ID) automatically, or

 16:06:18 <ev> request that a user file a bug in Launchpad with a link back to the error

 16:06:18 <ev> tracker, so that you have someone to converse with:

 16:06:19 <ev> https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ErrorTracker/ServerSideHooks

 16:06:27 <ev> - Thanks to Martin, we now have end-to-end system tests up and running on

 16:06:27 <ev> canonistack \o/:

 16:06:28 <ev> https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ErrorTracker/Deployment

 16:06:28 <ev> - Did code review for Brian and Martin, and countless pastebin discussions

 16:06:28 <ev> over IRC.

 16:06:37 <ev> - We're going to be setting up Tarmac on canonistack to drive the end to

 16:06:37 <ev> end system testing on each new merge proposal. This is blocked on us

 16:06:37 <ev> getting canonistack credentials for the Tarmac instance, so that it can

 16:06:37 <ev> drive juju to spin up the nodes for testing (RT 57881).

 16:06:37 <ev> - We also did some pair programming (crowded around my laptop - damn you

 16:06:37 <ev> tmux) to create a mapping between bugs and crash signatures:

 16:06:37 <ev> lp:~ev/errors/bug-to-crash-signature

 16:06:45 <ev> - We're moving the retracers to prodstack (RT 58019) after doing some

 16:06:45 <ev> investigations around a copy on write backend using LVM or overlayfs. This

 16:06:45 <ev> will fix the disk space problems we've been encountering, according to

 16:06:45 <ev> James.

 16:06:54 <ev> - Worked on improving error handling around open ID logins. I've also

 16:06:54 <ev> restricted access to the full stack traces to just

 16:06:54 <ev> ~canonical-ubuntu-engineering, per James' request (bug 1087361). In a later

 16:06:54 <ev> change, which I'm working on, we'll provide sanitised stack traces and

 16:06:54 <ev> instance pages for anyone in ~ubuntu-bugcontrol to view.

 16:06:56 <ubottu> Error: Launchpad bug 1087361 could not be found

 16:07:04 <ev> - Worked through the implementation plan for a view of all the errors that

 16:07:04 <ev> your team is responsible for with Brian.

 16:07:04 <ev> - Came up with a plan to handle statistical noise from more developers using

 16:07:04 <ev> a particular error type or a bug fix causing more reports of a particular

 16:07:04 <ev> error type.

 16:07:14 <ev> - Worked with Ivanka to come up with more friendly messaging and started to

 16:07:14 <ev> build a persona for communicating errors to the user (think of the Google

 16:07:15 <ev> Chrome robot).

 16:07:15 <ev> - Call with Rick to fill him in on the sprint's progress.

 16:07:22 <ev> - Came up with a plan for receiving crashes from unpackaged software (like

 16:07:22 <ev> Steam games).

 16:07:22 <ev> - Came up with a plan to clean up the chain of bug duplicates as it relates

 16:07:22 <ev> to errors.ubuntu.com (this will provide steady footing for the 'prompting

 16:07:22 <ev> for software updates for the crashes they fix' functionality):

 16:07:22 <ev> https://bugs.launchpad.net/errors/+bug/1086754

 16:07:25 <ubottu> Ubuntu bug 1086754 in Apport "Some linked bug reports are private duplicates" [Medium,Triaged]

 16:07:33 <ev> - We decided there's no programmatic way of untangling errors from libraries

 16:07:33 <ev> and the applications that consume them, but will surface likely library

 16:07:33 <ev> issues using map/reduce jobs:

 16:07:33 <ev> https://bugs.launchpad.net/errors/+bug/1072854

 16:07:36 <ubottu> Ubuntu bug 1072854 in Errors "Handle bugs in libraries better" [High,Confirmed]

 16:07:43 <ev> - Talked through the security implications of allowing users to see their

 16:07:43 <ev> crashes given just the system UUID. We could technically blacklist any IP

 16:07:43 <ev> with multiple 404s against the system page (brute force SHA512 guessing),

 16:07:43 <ev> but we'll likely just let users see a table of basic information about each

 16:07:43 <ev> crash. Providing further access would imply also letting them delete the

 16:07:43 <ev> data, which has the same trust problem of not absolutely knowing the person

 16:07:44 <ev> viewing the data is the owner.

 16:07:55 <ev> - Came up with a really nice solution with James (RT 55518) for providing a

 16:07:55 <ev> secondary/analytics cluster and a development cluster using sstableloader

 16:07:55 <ev> and single beefy machines to represent each additional cluster. This

 16:07:55 <ev> creates one directional pipes of the data from the core Cassandra cluster

 16:07:55 <ev> to each additional cluster. So it means we cannot use the analytics cluster

 16:07:55 <ev> to do back population. We'll therefore still install Hadoop on the core

 16:07:56 <ev> cluster as well, and just use it for the back population map/reduce jobs

 16:07:56 <ev> (putting all other M/R jobs on the analytics cluster).

 16:08:06 <ev> - We came up with several actionable items for getting more teams using

 16:08:06 <ev> errors.ubuntu.com. If you have any ideas on this, do let me know! I really

 16:08:06 <ev> want to ensure everyone has at least considered making it part of their

 16:08:06 <ev> daily routine and know what the blockers are to people using it more.

 16:08:15 <ev> - Attended a Cassandra London meetup on moving from MongoDB to Cassandra.

 16:08:16 <ev> - Full report forthcoming, but here are my notes (there may also be a video

 16:08:16 <ev> at some point):

 16:08:16 <ev> http://paste.ubuntu.com/1427650/

 16:08:22 <ev> - Met a few guys from Meta Broadcast after their talk. They seem well suited

 16:08:22 <ev> for juju, so I've sent them along to Jorge. They also want to work with us

 16:08:22 <ev> on bringing multimedia to the dash and TV, so I set up their CEO with John

 16:08:22 <ev> L.

 16:08:28 <ev> - From talking to some other Hadoop users at the meetup, I learned that the

 16:08:28 <ev> released version of Pig has a number of thorny issues that can be avoided

 16:08:28 <ev> by building from trunk.

 16:08:34 <ev> - No one has a better idea of how to recreate a Column Family with the

 16:08:34 <ev> correct comparators other than just pointing all requests at both the old

 16:08:34 <ev> and the new CF while siphoning off data from the old into the new as a

 16:08:34 <ev> background task.

 16:08:42 <ev> - Started fleshing out tasks to complete at the end and beginning of each

 16:08:42 <ev> release:

 16:08:42 <ev> https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ErrorTracker/UbuntuReleasePreparation

 16:08:42 <ev> - Chased down getting http://graphite.engineering.ubuntu.com up and running,

 16:08:42 <ev> which is now is! Filed RT 57837 for a graph of column family sizes, per

 16:08:42 <ev> James' request. Filed RT 58016 for getting a statsd instances feeding

 16:08:42 <ev> Cassandra timeouts and errors.ubuntu.com access data into graphite.

 16:08:48 <ev> - Moved packages from my personal PPA to the new daisy-pluckers daisy-seeds

 16:08:48 <ev> PPA, pulling in changes from raring where possible.

 16:08:48 <ev> - Tested and pushed out a new pycassa to the retracers. This will hopefully

 16:08:48 <ev> help us understand why we're seeing only a single retry on Cassandra

 16:08:48 <ev> connection attempts when we have it explicitly set to 5.

 16:09:00 <ev> - Countless other things. It's been a very busy two weeks and I'm still trying

 16:09:00 <ev> to get everything codified on the wiki, in bugs, in RT tickets, and in a big

 16:09:00 <ev> writeup of all the progress we've made. The sprint was one of the most

 16:09:00 <ev> productive weeks of my time at Canonical and I was elated to hear that Rick

 16:09:00 <ev> made a point of keeping money in the budget for small-group sprints in 2013.

 16:09:00 <ev> A massive thanks to Steve, Rick, and Pete for approving this and Brian,

 16:09:00 <ev> Martin, Dmitrijs, Ivanka, and James for lending their time.

 16:09:04 <ev> done \o/

 16:09:38 <stgraber> - Upstart

 16:09:38 <stgraber> - Some cleanup of the prctl branch, sent an e-mail to upstart-devel and ted about it, waiting for final review.

 16:09:41 <stgraber> - Dug into the libnih dbus code generator and fixed the 'as' type issue, sent MP, reviewd and accepted by James, still needs uploading.

 16:09:44 <stgraber> - Merged gdbus port of the dconf bridge, cleaned up the code a bit after that.

 16:09:47 <stgraber> - Container

 16:09:49 <stgraber> - Quite a lot of code review for patches being sent upstream.

 16:09:52 <stgraber> - Did a lot of code cleanup, dropped any hardcoded path in the code, using autoconf everywhere.

 16:09:55 <stgraber> - Updated the upstream documentation for the new contribution workflow.

 16:09:58 <stgraber> - Improved locking in lxc-create to allow for concurent creation of containers using different templates.

 16:10:01 <stgraber> - Update python bindings for the new set/get_cgroup_item API, rebased some of the code on the new API.

 16:10:04 <stgraber> - Discussed the release plan upstream and sent the 0.9~alpha1 pull request to Daniel.

 16:10:07 <stgraber> - Finished porting arkose to python3, released 1.6 and uploaded to the archive.

 16:10:10 <stgraber> - Release

 16:10:12 <stgraber> - Released alpha-1 for Edubuntu and Kubuntu.

 16:10:15 <stgraber> - Fixed a few bugs in the QA Tracker related to images auto-publishing based on manifest.

 16:10:18 <stgraber> - Extended the manifest in the tracker to support an active/disabled flag so entries can remain on the manifest even when not planned for release in the current milestone.

 16:10:22 <stgraber> - Networking

 16:10:24 <stgraber> - Wrote patch to make bridge-utils work with any init system (well, at least sysvinit and upstart)

 16:10:27 <stgraber> - Uploaded a new ifenslave-2.6 fixing all the remaining bugs on Launchpad.

 16:10:30 <stgraber> - Uploaded a new ifupdown fixing a bunch of bugs in ifupdown and the upstart jobs, changes forwarded to Debian.

 16:10:33 <stgraber> - Went through bridge-utils and vlan bugs.

 16:10:36 <stgraber> - Reviewed redhat's fiberchannel patchset for isc-dhcp, will need quite a lot of changes to apply.

 16:10:39 <stgraber> - Other

 16:10:41 <stgraber> - Did some more precise UEFI secureboot testing for Colin, it actually works now!

 16:10:44 <stgraber> - TODO

 16:10:47 <stgraber> - Upload new libnih.

 16:10:49 <stgraber> - Add test for Restarted event to the dbus-events upstart branch and propose for merging.

 16:10:52 <stgraber> - Go through the isc-dhcp and resolvconf bugs.

 16:10:55 <stgraber> - Try to apply redhat's fiberchannel patchset to our isc-dhcp.

 16:10:57 <stgraber> - Figure out how to build the shim locally and sign it with a local key, then work with slangasek to figure out what's the exact bug I'm having.

 16:11:00 <stgraber> - Travel/Sprint/...

 16:11:03 <stgraber> - I'll have a slightly weird work schedule on Friday as I'll be traveling to Montreal, will still be working as usual and be available on IRC.

 16:11:06 <stgraber> - I'm arriving in Europe on Saturday (15th) and will be back in Canada on the 2nd of January.

 16:11:09 <stgraber> - Monday through Wednesday next week, we'll have an upstart sprint on European time.

 16:11:12 <stgraber> - Thursday I'll be working as usual but on European time.

 16:11:14 <stgraber> - Then I'll be off from Friday (21st) until I'm back in Canada on the 2nd of January.

 16:11:17 <stgraber> - So if you need anything non-upstart related from me this year, make sure to talk to me this week or Thursday next week.

 16:11:20 <stgraber> (DONE)

 16:12:01 <slangasek> ev: why are we damning tmux?

 16:12:16 <ev> slangasek: because setting up multiuser tmux was eating up way too much time

 16:12:30 <slangasek> ev: ah, so tmux isn't actually better than screen :)

 16:12:34 <ev> slangasek: it has a real fun time trying to negotiate the screen size

 16:12:41 <xnox> slangasek: and /me killing the group session by accident did not help either.

 16:12:43 <ev> slangasek: if anyone exits tmux, EVERYONE DIES

 16:12:44 <slangasek> ev: +1 on retracers moving to prodstack - very cool

 16:12:58 <ev> slangasek: yup! We're moving the whole stack minus cassandra, actually

 16:13:02 <ev> just talked through it with Tom

 16:13:52 <xnox> * Fix UTAH ISO smoke testing:

 16:13:52 <xnox> - correct bind mounts for DHCP (bug 1061242)

 16:13:52 <xnox> - re-enable wubi test (lp:~xnox/utah/wubi-still-exists)

 16:13:52 <xnox> - pep8 fixes (lp:~xnox/utah/new-pep8)

 16:13:52 <xnox> * Requesting separate & more comprehensive static ISO image validation

 16:13:53 <xnox> in UTAH without blocking other tests (bug 1088444)

 16:13:53 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1061242 in ubiquity (Ubuntu) "apt-install fails during success-command because target environment cannot resolve DNS" [High,Incomplete] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1061242

 16:13:55 <xnox> * Fix racy upstart test for dep8, but a different one failed in

 16:13:56 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1088444 in UTAH "ISO static validation non-critical tests" [Low,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1088444

 16:13:57 <xnox> jenkins =( (bug 1089159)

 16:13:58 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1089159 in upstart (Ubuntu) "ADT test-suite failure" [Medium,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1089159

 16:13:59 <xnox> * Upload new procenv and identify cause for upstart test suite failure

 16:14:01 <xnox> in debian on amd64/xfs

 16:14:03 <xnox> * Fix above with a libnih merge proposal (bug 672643)

 16:14:04 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 672643 in libnih "make test fails on xfs filesystem" [Low,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/672643

 16:14:07 <xnox> * Verify ubiquity SRUs (bug 792652) (bug 887879) (bug 1027648)

 16:14:09 <xnox> (bug 1055967) (bug 1070427)

 16:14:10 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 792652 in ubiquity (Ubuntu Precise) "ubiquity crashed with ValueError in command(): I/O operation on closed file" [High,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/792652

 16:14:11 <xnox> * Add quantal/raring to manpages.ubuntu.com and file RT#57985 for

 16:14:12 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 887879 in ubiquity (Ubuntu Precise) "ubiquity crashed with ValueError in raw_decode(): No JSON object could be decoded" [Medium,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/887879

 16:14:13 <xnox> deployment

 16:14:13 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1027648 in ubiquity (Ubuntu Precise) "ubiquity crashed with ValueError in command(): I/O operation on closed file." [High,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1027648

 16:14:14 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1055967 in ubiquity (Ubuntu Precise) "ubiquity kde frontend is broken in current kubuntu daily builds" [Critical,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1055967

 16:14:15 <xnox> * Made merge proposal to avoid partman hanging in the reuse/replace

 16:14:15 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1070427 in ubiquity (Ubuntu Quantal) "Ubiquity removes kernel headers, fails to build nonfree drivers" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1070427

 16:14:17 <xnox> recipes. (bug 1085991)

 16:14:18 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1085991 in ubiquity (Ubuntu) "Partitioning options do not come up in ubiquity & d-i" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1085991

 16:14:19 <xnox> * Upstart continuing to add support in upstart to parse and load

 16:14:21 <xnox> config sources for user sessions.

 16:14:39 <xnox> done.

 16:16:24 <xnox> ogra is off, doko?

 16:16:51 <doko> - getting gcc-4.7 cross built (just needed two upstream fixes)

 16:16:51 <doko> - trying to understand cross build setups

 16:16:51 <doko> - modifying the armhf cross compiler to install into a different location than t

 16:16:51 <doko> he armhf native compiler

 16:16:51 <doko> - more gcc-4.7 packaging changes, fallout from the libxxx-4.7-dev splits, that s

 16:16:51 <doko> hould be all for now

 16:16:53 <doko> - moving the gcc-4.7 changes to gcc-4.8

 16:16:55 <doko> - python m-a same/allowed changes

 16:16:57 <doko> - gcc-linaro merge

 16:16:59 <doko> (done)

 16:22:14 <slangasek> * Processing SRU backlog for precise; the X backport stack is now in

 16:22:14 <slangasek> * Ongoing discussions about the UEFI Samsung bricking bug.  Possibly an issue with the samsung-laptop module.

 16:22:17 <slangasek> * Helped get upstart 1.6.1 ready for raring

 16:22:20 <slangasek> * TODO:

 16:22:22 <slangasek> * updating shim for: MOK support, fixing noisiness on boot, trying to debug stgraber's unsigned kernel boot bug

 16:22:25 <slangasek> * looking at getting edk2 (ovmf) packaged for raring

 16:23:22 <slangasek> (done)

 16:23:27 <stgraber> slangasek: do you already have a branch of the new shim that I could build+sign here and try to boot?

 16:23:40 <slangasek> stgraber: no, will try to do that today

 16:23:47 <bdmurray> crashdb sprint (lots of discussions there)

 16:23:48 <bdmurray> wrote pycassa code to query cassandra crashdb over an ssh tunnel

 16:23:48 <bdmurray> pushed new version of whoopsie fixing bug 1084311

 16:23:48 <bdmurray> worked on fixing bug 1078801 and sorting of package versions on buckets page

 16:23:50 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1084311 in Whoopsie "modifies .uploaded time every time whoopsie starts" [Medium,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1084311

 16:23:50 <bdmurray> updated bug 1088587 (apport/errors) with research

 16:23:51 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1078801 in Errors "Not clear which Ubuntu versions an error affects" [Medium,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1078801

 16:23:53 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1088587 in Apport "crashes still appearing regarding os.unlink(uploaded)" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1088587

 16:23:59 <bdmurray> reported and fixed bug 1089083 regarding version ordering on buckets page of errors

 16:24:00 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1089083 in Errors "versions on bucket page are not ordered" [Medium,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1089083

 16:24:02 <bdmurray> pushed errors branch fixing html title on buckets page - bug 1086796

 16:24:03 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1086796 in Errors "html title does not change" [Medium,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1086796

 16:24:04 <bdmurray> pushed daisy branch fixing UnicodeEncodeError regarding DupeSig

 16:24:07 <bdmurray> pushed errors branch to view bucketids with unicode in them

 16:24:09 <bdmurray> tested a new rollout of errors and daisy with thedac

 16:24:20 <bdmurray> updated bug bot on cranberry to comment on ubiquity bug reports

 16:24:20 <bdmurray> discovered an issue with the SRU for bug 1084296

 16:24:20 <bdmurray> SRU verification of bug 1084296 and bug 1084996

 16:24:20 <bdmurray> SRU verification of bug 1048059

 16:24:20 <bdmurray> with slangasek clean-up of the old unverified SRUs

 16:24:23 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1084296 in apport (Ubuntu Quantal) "possible for a 2nd occurrence of a crash not to be sent to errors" [High,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1084296

 16:24:24 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1084996 in apport (Ubuntu Quantal) " StacktraceAddressSignature is missing" [Undecided,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1084996

 16:24:25 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1048059 in udisks "Adding ACLs to /media/$user does not work" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1048059

 16:24:35 <bdmurray> merging and testing fix for bug 1071388

 16:24:36 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1071388 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu Quantal) "UnicodeDecodeError in askYesNoQuestion of DistUpgradeViewText.py" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1071388

 16:24:38 <ev> ow, my highlight

 16:24:46 <bdmurray> ⁂ done⁂

 16:25:31 <slangasek> any questions over the above?

 16:26:00 <xnox> bdmurray: what did ubiquity bug commenter bot learned to do?

 16:27:00 <bdmurray> xnox: set crashes to high, tag bugs with the release and ubiquity version, mark hardware errors as invalid, tell oneiric installers to try precise

 16:27:07 <bdmurray> xnox: probably some more stuff too

 16:27:20 <bdmurray> xnox: it had be accidentally disabled for a bit :-(

 16:28:34 <slangasek> [TOPIC] Bugs

 16:28:57 <xnox> bdmurray: i see. thanks.

 16:29:06 <slangasek> bdmurray: any bugs we should be worrying about?

 16:29:12 <bdmurray> xnox: we can talk about it more later if you'd like

 16:30:03 <bdmurray> slangasek: not specifically however generally where does bug 1087630 belong?

 16:30:06 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1087630 in ubuntu-meta (Ubuntu) "server minimal virtual installations are bloated" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1087630

 16:30:22 <infinity> ubuntu-meta, but assigned to the server team.

 16:30:30 <slangasek> bdmurray: right, what infinity said

 16:30:35 <bdmurray> okay, thanks

 16:30:58 <bdmurray> it actually looks like an issue with the qa team setup from what I can tell

 16:31:38 <xnox> bdmurray: and I think jamespage was looking into that. E.g. the testing framework makes the minimal install bloated, not the installation itself.

 16:31:44 <bdmurray> this is interesting but I'll dig into it

 16:31:48 <bdmurray> https://errors.ubuntu.com/bucket/?id=%2Fusr%2Fbin%2Fsoftware-properties-gtk%3ASystemError%3A%3Cmodule%3E%3A__init__%3A__init__%3Aopen

 16:32:35 * xnox ponders if d-i can report total used space after tasksel but before late-commands.... or somehow subtract testing overlay size.

 16:34:01 <slangasek> bdmurray: interesting indeed; I've got nothing, will leave you to dig into it :)

 16:34:05 <slangasek> anything else?

 16:34:35 <bdmurray> the Problem with MergeList issue shouldn't happen in 12.10 iirc

 16:35:21 <slangasek> well, this one looks at least superficially different from the ones we had before

 16:35:30 <slangasek> claiming that a record in the file is invalid

 16:36:15 <xnox> en%5fUS is interesting ending of the filename. why is it processing translations?

 16:36:42 <infinity> That's just straight up stream/file corruption, isn't it?

 16:37:09 <infinity> Not that apt/libapt/python-apt shouldn't deal with that tons better than it currently does, but...

 16:37:14 <slangasek> xnox: because the translations should also be merged into the database that you see with 'apt-cache show' etc?

 16:37:42 <slangasek> infinity: it's a bit surprising for that to happen so frequently with that one URL

 16:37:56 <slangasek> er, assuming it's all that one url

 16:37:59 <xnox> slangasek: and I don't see any en_US translations present for quantal multiverse here http://archive.ubuntu.com/ubuntu/dists/quantal/multiverse/i18n/

 16:38:03 <infinity> Oh, indeed.

 16:38:50 <infinity> Those signatures aren't all the same at all.

 16:38:58 <infinity> https://errors.ubuntu.com/oops/013c3eee-3284-11e2-b1c9-2c768aafd08c

 16:39:07 <infinity> It's just taking the traceback, not the error.

 16:39:11 <slangasek> ok

 16:39:28 <slangasek> anyway, let's not try to dissect this here

 16:40:25 <slangasek> take it to #ubuntu-devel afterwards if you want to kibitz bdmurray's investigation ;)

 16:40:46 <slangasek> bdmurray: any other bugs?

 16:41:01 <bdmurray> slangasek: nope

 16:41:07 <slangasek> ok, cool

 16:41:08 <slangasek> thanks

 16:41:09 <xnox> ev: mis-bucketing ^^^^^ stuff is bucketed by traceback instead of error message.

 16:41:12 <slangasek> [TOPIC] AOB

 16:42:40 <slangasek> anything else?

 16:42:43 <infinity> So, in the AOB realm for me, my last day of the year is today.  I'll be "around" here and there, if someone needs me for Ubuntuy or Debiany things, but don't expect responses before Jan 02.

 16:43:25 <xnox> infinity: so with you & ogra gone #ubuntu-arm will be almost unresponsive =))))

 16:43:40 <slangasek> well, I guess the rest of us will have to pitch in there :)

 16:44:20 <slangasek> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)