== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status meeting, started by sarnold, 20 Sep at 14:34 &mdash; 15:01 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2022/ubuntu-meeting.2022-09-20-14.34.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== current component mismatches ===

Discussion started by sarnold at 14:34.

 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg   (sarnold, 14:34)
 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg   (sarnold, 14:34)

=== New MIRs ===

Discussion started by sarnold at 14:36.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=NEW&field.status%3Alist=CONFIRMED&assignee_option=none&field.assignee=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (sarnold, 14:36)

=== Incomplete bugs / questions ===

Discussion started by sarnold at 14:41.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (sarnold, 14:41)

=== MIR related Security Review Queue ===

Discussion started by sarnold at 14:54.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-security/+bugs?field.searchtext=%5BMIR%5D&assignee_option=choose&field.assignee=ubuntu-security&field.bug_reporter=&field.bug_commenter=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (sarnold, 14:54)
 * ''LINK:'' https://warthogs.atlassian.net/jira/software/c/projects/SEC/boards/594   (sarnold, 14:54)
 * ''LINK:'' https://warthogs.atlassian.net/jira/software/c/projects/SEC/boards/594   (sarnold, 14:58)

=== Any other business? ===

Discussion started by sarnold at 15:00.




== People present (lines said) ==

 * cpaelzer (61)
 * sarnold (60)
 * didrocks (30)
 * meetingology (2)
 * jamespage (1)
 * ubottu (1)
 * athos (1)



== Full log ==


 14:34 <sarnold> #startmeeting Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status

 14:34 <meetingology> Meeting started at 14:34:00 UTC.  The chair is sarnold.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 14:34 <sarnold> Ping for MIR meeting - didrocks joalif slyon sarnold cpaelzer jamespage

 14:34 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 14:34 <sarnold> #topic current component mismatches

 14:34 <sarnold> Mission: Identify required actions and spread the load among the teams

 14:34 <sarnold> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg

 14:34 <sarnold> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg

 14:34 <jamespage> o/

 14:34 <didrocks> sarnold was quicker than I getting the wiki page :)

 14:34 <didrocks> lintian was false-positive, IIRC?

 14:34 <sarnold> hey jamespage, didrocks :)

 14:35 <didrocks> esmtp too

 14:35 <cpaelzer> sorry, late

 14:35 <didrocks> hey jamespage, cpaelzer

 14:35 <sarnold> hey cpaelzer :)

 14:35 <didrocks> sounds like we are ok on c-m-p and c-m?

 14:35 <cpaelzer> reading backlog and thanks sarnold for driving

 14:36 <sarnold> yeah, I think they look good \o/

 14:36 <sarnold> #topic New MIRs

 14:36 <sarnold> Mission: ensure to assign all incoming reviews for fast processing

 14:36 <sarnold> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=NEW&field.status%3Alist=CONFIRMED&assignee_option=none&field.assignee=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 14:36 <didrocks> ah, there has been some updates on tune, let’s look

 14:37 <cpaelzer> ok we got an explanation on tuned

 14:37 <cpaelzer> tuna was removed for now

 14:37 <cpaelzer> do we have all answers we waited for now?

 14:37 <cpaelzer> we also got the separataiton from tlp/gamemode

 14:37 <cpaelzer> sorry for all the wrong extra characters above :-/

 14:38 <sarnold> oh very nice, that's a good explanation of unique and new features

 14:38 <cpaelzer> indeed

 14:38 <didrocks> yeah, no feedback on the lack of automated tests though

 14:38 <didrocks> but I can have a look at do the usual MIR review

 14:38 <cpaelzer> so "new version" and "add tests" will be requirements of the review by didrocks I guess

 14:38 <cpaelzer> buth we can go on

 14:38 <didrocks> ah nice :)

 14:38 <cpaelzer> -h

 14:39 <didrocks> ah sorry, misread you

 14:39 <cpaelzer> ok, so do we agree that this can go back to "new + assigned to didrocks" ?

 14:39 <didrocks> thought the new version was adding tests :)

 14:39 <didrocks> yeah

 14:39 <didrocks> doing so

 14:39 <cpaelzer> no not yet, sorry

 14:39 <cpaelzer> but it will have to some day before this completes

 14:39 <cpaelzer> ok, bug status updated

 14:39 <sarnold> okay, so what steps are we expecting Joseph to take before didrocks starts in on it?

 14:40 <cpaelzer> I think none

 14:40 <didrocks> I’m starting in parallel

 14:40 <didrocks> and wrote about lack of tests/new version again: https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/tuned/+bug/1988066/comments/11

 14:40 <cpaelzer> we can let him know that autopkgtests and a version update will be requirements of the reivew result

 14:40 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1988066 in tuned (Ubuntu Jammy) "[MIR] tuned" [High, Confirmed]

 14:41 <didrocks> so that we hopefully won’t block on it

 14:41 <sarnold> great! nice comment

 14:41 <cpaelzer> ack

 14:41 <sarnold> #topic Incomplete bugs / questions

 14:41 <sarnold> Mission: Identify required actions and spread the load among the teams

 14:41 <sarnold> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 14:42 <cpaelzer> I mentioned ccid and others last week

 14:42 <sarnold> the ccid and related is sadly just ray finding greening pastures :(

 14:42 <cpaelzer> we know they are postponed for now

 14:42 <sarnold> libqrtr-glib is a challenging case, for discussion in prague, I think?

 14:42 <cpaelzer> did anyone read through the updated test plan?

 14:43 <didrocks> looks like it’s directly in the bug description

 14:43 <didrocks> with "Our Desktop and oem teams don't have access to compatible hardware at the moment to go through the testplan.

 14:43 <didrocks> "

 14:43 <cpaelzer> which is fine

 14:43 <cpaelzer> so I feel this is a reasonable update

 14:43 <cpaelzer> we got as much as they can do, and they are willing to continue working with other teams to improve the situation

 14:44 <didrocks> do we think that a testplan on a bug report is going to be useful later in time?

 14:44 <didrocks> I feel it will go into $launchpad_limbo

 14:44 <didrocks> at least, on the wiki, it’s a better place, no?

 14:45 <cpaelzer> It is a good start that they have worked on improving it, wiki does not make it better. I'd more expect "here is a script" at some point once they really tried it one. But then desktop and scripts .. :-/

 14:46 <didrocks> you have my feeling, but I’m not going to block on this further

 14:46 <cpaelzer> My biggest question (and I have no idea yet) is - I feel they really try, but what would we need to feel confident that the effort to get this to be testable not stops once promotion happened

 14:46 <sarnold> my concern is that some day we may need to do an update for a security issue, put in time and effort and then be faced with a dilemma: release an update we can't even smoke test or not provide the update at all

 14:46 <cpaelzer> Eventually they will own the pain, we have forced them to work on reducing the pain

 14:47 <cpaelzer> but indeed other teams like the one of sarnold will share the pain not being guilty of cuasing it in the first place

 14:47 <didrocks> (who will remember a test is in a bug with a fixed released status?)

 14:47 <cpaelzer> nobody will, it depends on how much really happens as a consequence of "ut we are working on trying to resolve the situation"

 14:48 <didrocks> agreed

 14:48 <cpaelzer> so will there be a testflinger device early 2023 that sarnold could also use and a doc how to test

 14:48 <cpaelzer> yes => gerat

 14:48 <cpaelzer> no => not so great

 14:48 <cpaelzer> the question is how long do we block on it

 14:48 <cpaelzer> as I said I have no great idea yet how to gain this last little bit of confidence

 14:48 <cpaelzer> the team (desktop in this case) can sign up for their own pain

 14:49 <cpaelzer> but as said above, how about security

 14:49 <cpaelzer> sarnold: have you ever done deals like "I'm ok, but until you have FOO you need to do security yourself" or such?

 14:49 <sarnold> me neither; we can of course lean on the desktop team in the event it becomes necessary

 14:49 <cpaelzer> that sounds like what I asked for

 14:49 <sarnold> cpaelzer: it reminds me a bit of the golang vendoring conversations..

 14:50 <cpaelzer> yep

 14:50 <didrocks> good point

 14:50 <sarnold> and unity scopes didn't go great..

 14:50 <cpaelzer> you might add that as a comment, like "Thanks for driving towards testability, but until HW and process is available for test and verification be aware that security efforts will need you to assist them"

 14:50 <didrocks> like, I’m tracking security update for my owned vendored code (thanks dependabot!) and doing the SRUs myself because that was my decision to vendor code

 14:50 <sarnold> very helpful bot :) it sent me an email this morning! :)

 14:51 <didrocks> see, how pleasing :p

 14:51 <cpaelzer> yep

 14:51 <cpaelzer> we also act on pings for e.g. our rocks images - similar situations

 14:51 <sarnold> chances are pretty good this thing won't need a security update in the short term

 14:51 <sarnold> so gambling on it now is liable to have mostly upsides

 14:51 <cpaelzer> ok, if you add something liek the comment above sarnold - then I think we can ack them under the aforementioned conditions

 14:52 <sarnold> but the job of a security person is to be pessimistic most of the time. so .. I'd really like to help move things forward, but really want our concerns to be known ahead of time, that we may need someone else's time, a lot of it, at a very inconvenient time

 14:53 <cpaelzer> agreed

 14:53 <cpaelzer> and we understand that pessimism is from lessons-leaned :-)

 14:53 <sarnold> I'll add such a comment to the bug later today, I think we can move on?

 14:54 <cpaelzer> yes

 14:54 <cpaelzer> thanks

 14:54 <sarnold> #topic MIR related Security Review Queue

 14:54 <sarnold> Mission: Check on progress, do deadlines seem doable?

 14:54 <sarnold> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-security/+bugs?field.searchtext=%5BMIR%5D&assignee_option=choose&field.assignee=ubuntu-security&field.bug_reporter=&field.bug_commenter=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 14:54 <sarnold> Internal link

 14:54 <sarnold> - ensure your teams items are prioritized among each other as you'd expect

 14:54 <sarnold> - ensure community requests do not get stomped by teams calling for favors too much

 14:54 <sarnold> #link https://warthogs.atlassian.net/jira/software/c/projects/SEC/boards/594

 14:54 <cpaelzer> I'm biting my nails waiting for mdevctl, seeing you set the status to working this morning made me happy

 14:55 <sarnold> heh, that was part of our mir priorities meeting, I noticed belatedly that I never moved the jira status :(

 14:55 <cpaelzer> Do you have any uplifting interim info on that sarnold?

 14:55 <sarnold> but the good news of that is that I had started on it ages back..

 14:55 <didrocks> (unsure how "good" this is sounding, like many problems ahead? :p)

 14:55 <cpaelzer> hehe

 14:55 <sarnold> cpaelzer: on the one hand, it feels like a very low risk thing -- moving a shell script, any shell script, intended for admin use, to a rust program, is more or less always going to be an improvement :)

 14:55 <cpaelzer> yep

 14:56 <sarnold> on the other hand I feel like I owe it to my colleagues to try doing some dry-run updates on it -- a small patch to a vendored dep, and lifting a vendored dep to a new version

 14:56 <cpaelzer> as I brought it up initially - a great example for discussing rust rules, but actually a good case

 14:56 <cpaelzer> sarnold: as long as time does not run out, do what you have to

 14:57 <cpaelzer> athos: will be around for questions if you have any

 14:57 <sarnold> woot!

 14:57 <cpaelzer> but due to time running out, could we have that completed either way until this meeting next week?

 14:57 <sarnold> it's kind of mixed as rust code goes; it's hard for me to articulate, since I'm not myself *good* at rust, but it sure reads like someone's *first* rust project

 14:57 <cpaelzer> I'd not want to cross with the release team too much in the last week promoting this

 14:57 <sarnold> yeah, we've already given them reason to be cranky recently.. heh

 14:57 <cpaelzer> sarnold: but still, better thna shell I guess

 14:57 <sarnold> but yes, I think that's entirely plausible

 14:58 <sarnold> cpaelzer: *yes*

 14:58 <cpaelzer> ok, looking for next week then

 14:58 <sarnold> even rough rust feels like a huge improvement over the best shell

 14:58 <cpaelzer> nothing else concerning in those lists

 14:58 <cpaelzer> move on?

 14:58 <sarnold> Internal link

 14:58 <sarnold> - ensure your teams items are prioritized among each other as you'd expect

 14:58 <sarnold> - ensure community requests do not get stomped by teams calling for favors too much

 14:58 <sarnold> #link https://warthogs.atlassian.net/jira/software/c/projects/SEC/boards/594

 14:58 <sarnold> nullboot is still sadly neglected

 14:58 <sarnold> editorconfig-core is still slightly blocked on my concerns that it's handing untrusted regex inputs directly to pcre

 14:59 <sarnold> mark has been working on that, and his priorities shift wildly

 14:59 <athos> :)

 14:59 <sarnold> and fdk-aac appears to be pleasingly low priority and filed early for next cycle :D

 15:00 <sarnold> #topic Any other business?

 15:00 <cpaelzer> nothing from me

 15:00 <sarnold> hmm, looks like we lost the meeting bot

 15:00 <didrocks> nothing either

 15:00 <sarnold> or .. maybe it doesn't do anything? heh

 15:01 <sarnold> nothing from me, anyway :)

 15:01 <sarnold> okay then, without further peeps..

 15:01 <sarnold> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)