== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team meeting, started by juliank, 25 Aug at 15:00 &mdash; 15:58 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2022/ubuntu-meeting.2022-08-25-15.00.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning Round ===

Discussion started by juliank at 15:00.

 * ''LINK:'' https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/foundations-team-updates-thursday-25-august-2022/   (juliank, 15:01)

=== Release incoming bugs ===

Discussion started by juliank at 15:09.

 * ''LINK:'' https://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-kk-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs   (juliank, 15:09)
 * ''LINK:'' https://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-jj-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs   (juliank, 15:19)
 * ''LINK:'' https://launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/intel-microcode/3.20220809.0ubuntu1   (slyon, 15:22)

=== Team proposed-migration report ===

Discussion started by juliank at 15:27.

 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs   (juliank, 15:27)
 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs   (juliank, 15:28)
 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/plzip/+bug/1980663/comments/6   (slyon, 15:38)

=== AOB ===

Discussion started by juliank at 15:50.




== People present (lines said) ==

 * juliank (52)
 * vorlon (48)
 * slyon (21)
 * ginggs (14)
 * ubottu (11)
 * bdmurray (10)
 * schopin (4)
 * enr0n (3)
 * dbungert (3)
 * meetingology (2)
 * mclemenceau (2)
 * alexghiti (1)



== Full log ==


 15:00 <juliank> #startmeeting Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team

 15:00 <meetingology> Meeting started at 15:00:15 UTC.  The chair is juliank.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 15:00 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 15:00 <enr0n> o/

 15:00 <juliank> #topic Lightning Round

 15:00 <slyon> o/

 15:01 <ginggs> juliank: i think you mean https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/foundations-team-updates-thursday-25-august-2022/

 15:01 <juliank> #link https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/foundations-team-updates-thursday-25-august-2022/

 15:01 <juliank> yeah

 15:01 <juliank> let's have ourselves sometime to look at this and ask questions

 15:04 <bdmurray> I like the first line in dbungert's status

 15:04 <bdmurray> Maybe the second one too

 15:04 <juliank> congrats to dbungert

 15:05 <dbungert> juliank: thanks!

 15:05 <dbungert> bdmurray: I will be clicking tests for a while to catch up with how many you ran for me

 15:06 <ginggs> in before bdmurray says you shouldn't be clicking, but rather using retry-autopkgtest-regressions

 15:07 <bdmurray> ;-)

 15:09 <juliank> #topic Release incoming bugs

 15:09 <juliank> #link https://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-kk-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 15:09 <juliank> bug 1699942 is actually raised by me

 15:09 <ubottu> Bug 1699942 in network-manager (Ubuntu) "network-manager fails to deprecate addresses" [Undecided, Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1699942

 15:10 <juliank> So IPv6 routes get advertised by the router as invalid, but NM does not remove them, it just sets their TTL to 1s

 15:10 <juliank> s/routes/prefixes/

 15:10 <juliank> Well the /128 prefix is around all the time

 15:10 <juliank> I actually lost IRC a couple minutes ago as the route broke :D

 15:11 <juliank> systemd looks the same

 15:11 <juliank> I don't know what's actually reading the router advertisements?

 15:11 <juliank> Not a regression, bug was around in xenial

 15:13 <juliank> added a linux task, we believe that's what's handling the RAs

 15:14 <juliank> bug 1981109

 15:14 <ubottu> Bug 1981109 in modemmanager (Ubuntu) "server image pulls in ModemManager via fwupd, consumes 25MiB RAM in every container" [High, Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1981109

 15:14 <bdmurray> IIRC the remaining task is for desktop

 15:15 <juliank> vorlon: is there anything left?

 15:16 <vorlon> juliank: livecd-rootfs is being SRUed to jammy, I think the rls-kk-incoming task could be dropped (or the bug could just be targeted to kinetic since livecd-rootfs was uploaded there)

 15:18 <juliank> ack

 15:18 <juliank> bug 1097467

 15:18 <ubottu> Bug 1097467 in bash (Ubuntu) "bash does not fulfill --rcfile option properly" [Undecided, Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1097467

 15:18 <bdmurray> R alpha-1 would be like Raring?

 15:19 <juliank> further discussion to happen

 15:19 <juliank> #link https://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-jj-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 15:19 <juliank> bug 1986648

 15:19 <ubottu> Bug 1986648 in rustc (Ubuntu) "rustc 1.61 and cargo 0.62 required by firefox 105" [High, Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1986648

 15:20 <juliank> schopin: ^

 15:20 <schopin> Yes, this needs carding as I'm guessing it will take a bit of time.

 15:20 <mclemenceau> on it ;)

 15:20 <schopin> thanks :)

 15:21 <juliank> bug 1981721

 15:21 <ubottu> Bug 1981721 in netplan.io (Ubuntu) "dual port SRIOV NIC with 64 VFs per PF  is not configured with switchdev eswitch mode" [Undecided, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1981721

 15:21 <slyon> let's skip this ^

 15:21 <slyon> no updates yet

 15:21 <juliank> bug 1979825

 15:21 <ubottu> Bug 1979825 in amd64-microcode (Ubuntu) "Please consider shipping April 2022 microcode updates" [Undecided, Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1979825

 15:21 <juliank> probably should jfdi

 15:21 <ginggs> isn't that done?

 15:22 <slyon> there was an update recently

 15:22 <slyon> https://launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/intel-microcode/3.20220809.0ubuntu1

 15:22 <ginggs> ah, in kinetic, needs sru

 15:22 <juliank> amd, not intel

 15:22 <juliank> ah yes

 15:22 <juliank> let's card this

 15:22 <slyon> ahh

 15:22 <bdmurray> I tagged the bug in part because I think something is missing process wise

 15:23 <juliank> Revert to 3.20180524.1 version of microcode because of regressions on

 15:23 <juliank> certain hardware. (LP: #1853614)

 15:23 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1853614 in amd64-microcode (Ubuntu) "System stuck in reboot loop on AMD EPYC 7542 32-Core Processor" [Undecided, Fix Released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1853614

 15:23 <juliank> is in bioinic

 15:23 <juliank> probably should be checked if that was fixed

 15:23 <juliank> someone needs to monitor amd microcode updates, I suppose

 15:24 <juliank> or at least when merging, SRU it / create a bug?

 15:24 <bdmurray> I wonder if there is a mailing list or announcement mechanism similar to tzdata

 15:25 <juliank> linux-firmware@kernel.org

 15:25 <juliank> no?

 15:26 <bdmurray> Anyway, lets not hold up the meeting

 15:26 <juliank> Anyhow should be carded and comment added to investigate how to deal better

 15:26 <juliank> mclemenceau: are you carding?

 15:27 <mclemenceau> sure thing

 15:27 <juliank> #topic Team proposed-migration report

 15:27 <juliank> https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs

 15:27 <juliank> um

 15:28 <juliank> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs

 15:28 <juliank> vorlon:

 15:28 <vorlon> let's see how bad things are on the eve of FF

 15:28 <vorlon> as I go through these, if it's a merge you've touched recently, please speak up and take the package to follow through on

 15:28 <juliank> very bad

 15:29 <vorlon> lintian: still blocked on an ongoing MIR

 15:29 <vorlon> ginggs: are you still driving this?

 15:29 <vorlon> ah looks like all the open tasks are assigned elsewhere now, mostly to MIR team members

 15:29 <ginggs> vorlon: it's now in review by mir team

 15:29 <slyon> but won't make it before FF

 15:30 <vorlon> slyon: is the MIR team aiming to approve it after FF?

 15:30 <slyon> vorlon: yes. we might want to file a FFe for it then

 15:30 <bdmurray> update-notifier was my upload

 15:30 <vorlon> mutt is also blocked by MIR, looks like it's had server team review but I'm not sure where in the process this is currently

 15:31 <ginggs> i offered to file an FFe, but is it required?  lintian was upload before FF

 15:31 <vorlon> I would say no to an FFe for lintian, which is particularly a developer-oriented tool anyway

 15:31 <schopin> I thought FFe weren't necessary for MIRs?

 15:31 <slyon> vorlon: mutt was stuck on security review. but got a recent update, so we might be able to unblock it

 15:32 <ginggs> vorlon: no as in not needed, or no as in no exception granted?

 15:32 <vorlon> ginggs: no as in not needed

 15:32 <ginggs> vorlon: thanks for clarifying

 15:32 <vorlon> schopin: if the MIR is to enable turning on a new feature that hasn't been turned on yet, it's arguable there should be a FF.  But we also generally for things that have been uploaded to -proposed before FF don't require MIR

 15:33 <slyon> for mutt, looks like we're ready to promote gsasl & libntlm, but might still need to drop/revert the libgssglue dependency to get it resolved

 15:33 <vorlon> gcc-12 being built on arm64 is holding a few things up (gcc-12-cross -> gcc-defaults), but the build is in progress, so assuming this will shake out

 15:34 <vorlon> rustc is just waiting for glibc

 15:34 <vorlon> libuv1: that was mentioned in the weekly report

 15:34 <vorlon> enr0n: will you be able to follow through on this?

 15:35 <enr0n> vorlon: Yes I am working on it today. Bug 1987558 has a patch for siridb-server

 15:35 <ubottu> Bug 1987558 in siridb-server (Debian) "libuv1 breaks siridb-server autopkgtest: test times out" [Undecided, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1987558

 15:35 <vorlon> libuv1: enr0n:

 15:35 <vorlon> thanks

 15:35 <enr0n> no problem

 15:35 <vorlon> psycopg2: was assigned to bdrung but it appears he went on PTO before getting to it so we need a new volunteer

 15:36 <vorlon> alexghiti: can you take this?

 15:36 <alexghiti> Ack

 15:36 <vorlon> thanks

 15:37 <vorlon> netkit-telnetd: MIR team seems to be suggestion demotion, which I'm unsure about

 15:37 <slyon> vorlon: It was not in main before AFAICT

 15:37 <vorlon> telnet is present as a Recommends: of ubuntu-standard

 15:37 <slyon> (like before the rename)

 15:38 <vorlon> and it is a common network debugging tool

 15:38 <slyon> also IIUC it is about to be dropped from ubuntu-standard (ubuntu-meta)

 15:38 <vorlon> why do you say that?

 15:38 <vorlon> dropping it from standard is the sort of thing that should be discussed on ubuntu-devel, I haven't seen discussion there

 15:38 <slyon> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/plzip/+bug/1980663/comments/6

 15:38 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1980663 in netkit-telnet (Ubuntu) "[MIR] false-positives, do not promote" [Undecided, Triaged]

 15:39 <slyon> that's what jbicha suggested

 15:39 <vorlon> ok I think he meant telnetd

 15:39 <vorlon> probably correct

 15:39 <vorlon> I'll take this one to follow through on

 15:39 <slyon> thanks

 15:39 <vorlon> lbnss-db, just waiting on glibc

 15:39 <vorlon> python-secretstorage: juliank can you take this?

 15:40 <vorlon> git: I merged it, I'll follow through

 15:40 <juliank> ack

 15:40 <vorlon> isc-dhcp: waiting for glibc

 15:40 <vorlon> netplan.io: slyon can you take?

 15:40 <slyon> yes

 15:41 <slyon> (already resolved with upstream NM, actually)

 15:41 <vorlon> perfect, thanks

 15:42 <vorlon> slyon: so I just looked, and the issue is that the telnet binary has moved from netkit-telnet source to inetutils source

 15:42 <vorlon> lsb: my merge, I'll take it

 15:42 <vorlon> openssh: my merge, I'll take that too

 15:42 <slyon> vorlon: yes, it has been discussed here: https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/plzip/+bug/1980663/comments/4

 15:42 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1980663 in netkit-telnet (Ubuntu) "[MIR] false-positives, do not promote" [Undecided, Triaged]

 15:43 <slyon> there's some more related comments on that bug report

 15:45 <vorlon> slyon: right. telnetd should clearly be demoted, netkit-telnet does not satisfy the existing Recommends on telnet, we should reintroduce telnet as a transitional package otherwise users don't get netkit-telnet on upgrade

 15:45 <vorlon> I'll follow through on that then

 15:46 <vorlon> update-motd vs update-notifier: dbungert ?

 15:46 <dbungert> vorlon: ack

 15:47 <vorlon> glibc: I continue playing whack-a-mole with autopkgtest false positives, and I believe mwhudson and schopin are still on top of the true positives

 15:47 * schopin nods

 15:47 <vorlon> cross-toolchain-base vs kmod: ginggs ?

 15:47 <ginggs> vorlon: ack

 15:47 <vorlon> diffutils just waiting for autopkgtest results

 15:48 <ginggs> and it's my merge

 15:48 <ginggs> err, sync

 15:48 <ginggs> but i'll keep an eye on diffutils

 15:48 <vorlon> ginggs: actually there are a number of kmod-related autopkgtest failures, can you take the lot please?

 15:49 <ginggs> vorlon: sure

 15:49 <vorlon> ginggs: and cross-toolchain-base is also blocking procps, so if you could look at that at the same time?

 15:49 <slyon> there's an update excuse bug about kmod: LP: #1987620 (it was my merge)

 15:49 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1987620 in kmod (Ubuntu) "kmod v30 missing new modules.builtin.modinfo file" [Undecided, Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1987620

 15:49 <vorlon> likely a common failure cause

 15:50 <ginggs> vorlon: yes, i'll take procps as well

 15:50 <vorlon> and livecd-rootfs is an unrelated blocker for procps; bdmurray can you look at this?

 15:50 <vorlon> and then that's the list for today

 15:50 <juliank> #topic AOB

 15:53 <bdmurray> I'm out tomorrow

 15:54 <juliank> Anyone else out?

 15:56 <juliank> Most already are :)

 15:58 <juliank> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)