== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team meeting, started by jawn-smith, 07 Jul at 15:00 &mdash; 15:36 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2022/ubuntu-meeting.2022-07-07-15.00.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning Round ===

Discussion started by jawn-smith at 15:00.

 * ''LINK:'' https://git.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-release/autopkgtest-cloud/+git/autopkgtest-package-configs/tree/never_run here is the never_run list  (bdmurray, 15:08)

=== Release incoming bugs ===

Discussion started by jawn-smith at 15:09.

 * ''LINK:'' https://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-jj-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs   (jawn-smith, 15:09)

=== Team proposed-migration report ===

Discussion started by jawn-smith at 15:17.

 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs   (jawn-smith, 15:17)

=== AOB ===

Discussion started by jawn-smith at 15:31.

 * ''LINK:'' https://tracker.debian.org/pkg/pytest   (ginggs, 15:33)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * vorlon (29)
 * jawn-smith (26)
 * bdmurray (6)
 * slyon (6)
 * ginggs (5)
 * dbungert (5)
 * bdrung (4)
 * mclemenceau (3)
 * ubottu (3)
 * juliank (3)
 * doko (3)
 * meetingology (2)
 * sil2100 (1)



== Full log ==


 15:00 <jawn-smith> #startmeeting Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team

 15:00 <meetingology> Meeting started at 15:00:33 UTC.  The chair is jawn-smith.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 15:00 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 15:00 <jawn-smith> #topic Lightning Round

 15:00 <jawn-smith> The status is here: https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/foundations-team-updates-thursday-07-july-2022/29330/2

 15:02 <mclemenceau> o/

 15:04 <bdmurray> bdrung: With apport's autopkgtests they aren't running / skipped for armhf on previous releases. Are the any chances of it being SRU'ed.

 15:05 <bdmurray> ?

 15:05 <bdrung> bdmurray, the current uploaded apport SRU fixes several autopkgtest (but not all for armhf). I can include all needed autopkgtest fixes in the next SRUs to let autopkgtest succeed on all archs.

 15:06 <bdrung> IIRC except for one or two cases, all needed changes were only for the tests itself.

 15:06 <bdmurray> If it is just test fixes then using block-proposed-$release sounds appropriate. I was asking because if they are fixed then they shouldn't be denylisted any more.

 15:08 <bdrung> bdmurray, i will take care of removing it from the denylist

 15:08 <bdmurray> https://git.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-release/autopkgtest-cloud/+git/autopkgtest-package-configs/tree/never_run here is the never_run list

 15:09 <jawn-smith> #topic Release incoming bugs

 15:09 <jawn-smith> rls-kk is empty today

 15:09 <jawn-smith> #link https://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-jj-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 15:09 <jawn-smith> bug 1979874

 15:09 <ubottu> Bug 1979874 in netplan.io (Ubuntu) "Unable to set bridge to lower MTU that interface its attached to" [Medium, Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1979874

 15:09 <slyon> I tried to quickly reproduce this one. Results were inconsistent...

 15:10 <slyon> Not sure if it needs to be carded

 15:10 <jawn-smith> It's worth investigating. Does that investigation require a card mclemenceau ?

 15:11 <mclemenceau> maybe we can leave it in LP for a little bit and revisit a little later in the cycle or if there's more impacted user?

 15:12 <jawn-smith> Sounds good, let's remove the rls-jj tag

 15:12 <jawn-smith> bug 1980589

 15:12 <ubottu> Bug 1980589 in update-notifier (Ubuntu) "Reports that there are updates but there are none" [Undecided, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1980589

 15:13 <jawn-smith> Is this really update-notifier?

 15:13 <bdmurray> I think it does some motd stuff

 15:13 <jawn-smith> Okay, who tends to work on update-notifier

 15:13 <jawn-smith> ?

 15:13 <juliank> sometimes

 15:14 <jawn-smith> Does anyone have an opinion on the importance of this bug?

 15:15 <juliank> let's card it that's very confusing

 15:16 <bdmurray> Medium or Low I'd say

 15:16 <juliank> especially it says there are security updates so it's scary and confusing if that happens

 15:16 <jawn-smith> Okay we've agreed to card it

 15:16 <jawn-smith> mclemenceau: would you do the honors?

 15:16 <mclemenceau> sure thing

 15:16 <jawn-smith> Thanks!

 15:17 <jawn-smith> rls-ii and rls-ff are actually empty

 15:17 <sil2100> \o/

 15:17 <jawn-smith> #topic Team proposed-migration report

 15:17 <jawn-smith> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs

 15:17 <jawn-smith> vorlon:

 15:18 <vorlon> let's see!

 15:18 <vorlon> ubuntu-meta: still in Desktop's court

 15:18 <vorlon> python3-stdlib-extensions: doko, is this still yours?

 15:19 <doko> yes

 15:19 <vorlon> ok

 15:20 <vorlon> usb-creator: as noted in the weekly status, the MIR is moving forward

 15:20 <vorlon> mutt: gsasl MIR

 15:20 <jawn-smith> waiting on security team

 15:21 <vorlon> systemd: was skipped last time, should that just be retried?  (but it's blocking a kernel package and they have their own test matrix that's invisible to us)

 15:21 <slyon> should be re-tried. systemd 251 already migrated in the meantime

 15:21 <vorlon> last week we said llvm-toolchain-14 was ftbfs for the same reason as gcc; gcc has been fixed but llvm-toolchain-14 not?

 15:21 <vorlon> so does someone want to follow through on llvm?

 15:22 <vorlon> ah it's built now on every arch but riscv64 and that one is building

 15:22 <vorlon> so probably nothing to do here

 15:22 <doko> hmm, that was for arm64. I didn't check risc64 yet. it's currently building

 15:22 <ginggs> it's only waiting on a riscv64 build, that keeps failing without logs

 15:24 <vorlon> lintian: I saw there was a mention of this in the weekly status; MIR is open, is anyone filling those out?

 15:24 <slyon> vorlon: no we need somebody to fill those

 15:24 <slyon> I did some initial investigation and marked some false-positves

 15:25 <vorlon> ginggs: thanks for volunteering on lintian

 15:26 <vorlon> with ogayot helping (slyon can help point out which part of the MIR could be split off)

 15:26 <slyon> ack

 15:26 <vorlon> curl ftbfs on several archs. dbungert can you take this?

 15:26 <dbungert> vorlon: ack

 15:26 <vorlon> it also ftbfs in Debian fwiw

 15:26 <dbungert> good datapoint

 15:27 <jawn-smith> oh I had curl last week

 15:27 <vorlon> oh

 15:27 <jawn-smith> Didn't get to it with the long weekend and +1 maintenance

 15:27 <vorlon> sorry I thought we were into the stuff that was too new to have been assigned

 15:27 <vorlon> ok curl: jawn-smith

 15:28 <vorlon> pygments: there's an update-excuse bug that points at pytest which needs a merge; dbungert can you take this instead?

 15:28 <dbungert> vorlon: ack for pygments

 15:28 <vorlon> gcc-11: also just waiting for a build on riscv64

 15:29 <vorlon> libxcrypt vs perl: doko does your latest merge fix this?

 15:29 <doko> I hope so

 15:30 <vorlon> bdrung: can you follow through to make sure it actually does?

 15:30 <bdrung> okay

 15:30 <vorlon> (and also db5.3)

 15:30 <vorlon> and, apparently, also dpkg :P

 15:30 <vorlon> a whole lot of perl autopkgtest failures!

 15:31 <vorlon> casper vs localechooser: I uploaded this, I'll take it

 15:31 <vorlon> and that's the bottom of the list

 15:31 <vorlon> jawn-smith:

 15:31 <jawn-smith> #topic AOB

 15:32 <dbungert> the pygments update-excuse, LP: #1980296, raises the concern that a merge of pytest-7 would potentially affect 2000 packages, I assume we proceed?  treat it as a transition?

 15:32 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1980296 in pytest (Ubuntu) "pygments FTBFS requires pytest >> 7.0" [Medium, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1980296

 15:33 <ginggs> pytest migration is progressing nicely in debian

 15:33 <ginggs> https://tracker.debian.org/pkg/pytest

 15:33 <ginggs> only 9 failures left, and they are being worked on

 15:35 <ginggs> you could start now by checking whether we need a merge or a sync

 15:35 <dbungert> OK

 15:36 <jawn-smith> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)