== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status meeting, started by cpaelzer, 12 Apr at 14:30 &mdash; 14:51 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2022/ubuntu-meeting.2022-04-12-14.30.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== Review of previous action items ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 14:31.


=== current component mismatches ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 14:31.

 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg   (cpaelzer, 14:31)
 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg   (cpaelzer, 14:31)

=== New MIRs ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 14:38.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=NEW&field.status%3Alist=CONFIRMED&assignee_option=none&field.assignee=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (cpaelzer, 14:38)
 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/gnome-bluetooth3/+bug/1964600   (cpaelzer, 14:41)

=== Incomplete bugs / questions ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 14:46.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (cpaelzer, 14:46)

=== MIR related Security Review Queue ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 14:47.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-security/+bugs?field.searchtext=%5BMIR%5D&assignee_option=choose&field.assignee=ubuntu-security&field.bug_reporter=&field.bug_commenter=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (cpaelzer, 14:47)
 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/gnome-bluetooth3/+bug/1964600   (cpaelzer, 14:48)

=== Any other business? ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 14:49.




== People present (lines said) ==

 * cpaelzer (76)
 * jbicha (10)
 * didrocks (8)
 * meetingology (2)
 * ubottu (2)
 * Trevinho (1)



== Full log ==


 14:30 <cpaelzer> #startmeeting Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status

 14:30 <meetingology> Meeting started at 14:30:23 UTC.  The chair is cpaelzer.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 14:30 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 14:31 <cpaelzer> hello sarnold (not didrocks - see above) joalif jamespage (not slyon - unavailable)

 14:31 <cpaelzer> This part of the cycle has only two kind of cases, calm and easy or super-urgent

 14:31 <cpaelzer> so let us have a look

 14:31 <cpaelzer> #topic Review of previous action items

 14:31 <cpaelzer> none but reviews and process on bugs move forward - which we have all done

 14:31 <cpaelzer> #topic current component mismatches

 14:31 <cpaelzer> Mission: Identify required actions and spread the load among the teams

 14:31 <cpaelzer> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg

 14:31 <cpaelzer> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg

 14:32 <cpaelzer> all known, except llvm-toolchain-13 -> z3

 14:32 <cpaelzer> having a look

 14:33 <cpaelzer> This is a dependency form the llvm-13-dev package which most likely is only in main due to auto-include

 14:34 <cpaelzer> hmm the seed has

 14:34 <cpaelzer> Extra-Exclude: lldb-* liblldb-* clang* libclang* libllvm-* libfuzzer-* liblld-* libomp-* lld-* libc++-* libc++abi-* llvm-*

 14:34 <cpaelzer> the latter should exclude the auto-depends

 14:35 <cpaelzer> all the other llvm-xx-dev are in universe

 14:35 <cpaelzer> maybe this should not have been promoted

 14:37 <cpaelzer> doko: would you be able to have a look?

 14:37 <cpaelzer> I can't ping slyon and you have sometimes looked for llvm

 14:37 * cpaelzer wonders if this will be a monologue today :-/

 14:38 <cpaelzer> #topic New MIRs

 14:38 <jbicha> hi, it feels like some things get automatically put in main like I think every time webkit2gtk gets uploaded to jammy, the 4.1 lib and dev are temporarily in main, attempting to pull in libsoup3

 14:38 <cpaelzer> Mission: ensure to assign all incoming reviews for fast processing

 14:38 <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=NEW&field.status%3Alist=CONFIRMED&assignee_option=none&field.assignee=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 14:38 <jbicha> but it works when those are manually pushed back to universe

 14:38 <cpaelzer> jbicha: there are two potential mistakes usually

 14:39 <cpaelzer> jbicha: one is to miss to flag -dev / -doc packages in Extra-Exclude

 14:39 <cpaelzer> without that germinate will pull them in

 14:39 <cpaelzer> the other chance is archive admins promoting all binaries (we should not) to then remove those not dependend on next time

 14:39 <cpaelzer> but "everytime we upload" sounds wrong

 14:40 <cpaelzer> neither of the two situations I know cuasing this are "on upload"

 14:40 <cpaelzer> jbicha: would you mind pinging me next time this happens?

 14:40 <cpaelzer> just curious about it

 14:40 <jbicha> sure. there shouldn't be another webkit2gtk upload before jammy release at least :) it does have Extra-Exclude set for it

 14:41 <cpaelzer> yeah we'll look then

 14:41 <cpaelzer> the other case is also yours

 14:41 <cpaelzer> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/gnome-bluetooth3/+bug/1964600

 14:41 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1964600 in gnome-bluetooth3 (Ubuntu) "[MIR] gnome-bluetooth3" [Undecided, New]

 14:41 <cpaelzer> joalif: had a look and it was an ack with a few constraints

 14:41 <cpaelzer> you added tests, just simple ones but at least some

 14:41 <cpaelzer> subscription will be a requirement to promote it, but is not *strictly* needed before

 14:42 <cpaelzer> ack - I'll update the bug

 14:42 <jbicha> it has a bug subscriber now

 14:42 <cpaelzer> did the FFE get approved?

 14:42 <cpaelzer> ok seen it

 14:42 <jbicha> yes, the FFE is approved as long as the MIR is approved (really soon)

 14:42 <cpaelzer> Let me re-read this a bit and then most likely give you the yes

 14:43 * didrocks back

 14:43 <jbicha> T_revinho is planning to do the gnome-shell upload late today to switch the dependency if this is approved

 14:44 <cpaelzer> jbicha: done, bug updated

 14:44 <cpaelzer> jbicha: move it to "Fix Committed" once the dependency shows in component mismatch

 14:45 <cpaelzer> IIUC that will - at the same time - demote gnome-bluetooth (without the 3) right?

 14:45 <jbicha> thank you all

 14:45 <Trevinho> ðŸŽ†

 14:45 <cpaelzer> wb didrocks

 14:45 <jbicha> no, unfortunately we need to keep the old gnome-bluetooth for jammy but it should be in universe for 22.10

 14:46 <jbicha> *for gnome-control-center

 14:46 <cpaelzer> ok, please take it as a personal mission to get rid of it

 14:46 <jbicha> got it

 14:46 <cpaelzer> thanks

 14:46 <cpaelzer> going on then ...

 14:46 <cpaelzer> #topic Incomplete bugs / questions

 14:46 <cpaelzer> Mission: Identify required actions and spread the load among the teams

 14:46 <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 14:47 <cpaelzer> only updates around rust

 14:47 <cpaelzer> which is due to demotion7promotion done by v_orlon

 14:47 <cpaelzer> no action for us here

 14:47 <cpaelzer> everything else was before the last meeting

 14:47 <cpaelzer> #topic MIR related Security Review Queue

 14:47 <cpaelzer> Mission: Check on progress, do deadlines seem doable?

 14:47 <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-security/+bugs?field.searchtext=%5BMIR%5D&assignee_option=choose&field.assignee=ubuntu-security&field.bug_reporter=&field.bug_commenter=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 14:47 <cpaelzer> well without sarnold here there is not much to do here

 14:48 <didrocks> indeed

 14:48 <cpaelzer> sadly so, as this would have been the say I praise sarnold and sbeattie for having cleared all 22.04 tasks !

 14:48 <didrocks> \o/

 14:48 <cpaelzer> please consume my thanks and those of many others from the log later

 14:48 <didrocks> well done security team :)

 14:48 <cpaelzer> with the only twist being: next time maybe let us do this earlier

 14:48 <cpaelzer> but really, well done and thank you

 14:48 <cpaelzer> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/gnome-bluetooth3/+bug/1964600

 14:48 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1964600 in gnome-bluetooth3 (Ubuntu) "[MIR] gnome-bluetooth3" [Undecided, In Progress]

 14:49 <cpaelzer> wrong copy & paste :-/

 14:49 <cpaelzer> #topic Any other business?

 14:49 <cpaelzer> that was the right one

 14:49 <cpaelzer> no bonus topic from me

 14:49 <cpaelzer> anyone else having an emergency request just before final freeze?

 14:49 <didrocks> cpaelzer: just on the meeting time. My delayed arrival should not be reoccuring, but as said doing the sprint it clashes with school hours, which is normally fine for this day (apart from exceptionsâ€¦)

 14:49 <didrocks> nothing for me on 22.04 LTS topic for me otherway

 14:50 <didrocks> otherwise*

 14:50 <cpaelzer> ok

 14:50 <cpaelzer> if it becomes a regular pain for you or anyone else we can try to find a new slot

 14:50 <cpaelzer> hope is low but we can try

 14:51 <cpaelzer> so let me know if you think it reaches that level

 14:51 <didrocks> sure, will do

 14:51 <cpaelzer> with that - thanks everyone and until next time

 14:51 <cpaelzer> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)