== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status meeting, started by slyon, 19 Jul at 14:33 &mdash; 14:53 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2022/ubuntu-meeting.2022-07-19-14.33.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== current component mismatches ===

Discussion started by slyon at 14:33.

 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg   (slyon, 14:33)
 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg   (slyon, 14:33)

=== New MIRs ===

Discussion started by slyon at 14:35.


=== Incomplete bugs / questions ===

Discussion started by slyon at 14:38.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (slyon, 14:38)

=== MIR related Security Review Queue ===

Discussion started by slyon at 14:39.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-security/+bugs?field.searchtext=%5BMIR%5D&assignee_option=choose&field.assignee=ubuntu-security&field.bug_reporter=&field.bug_commenter=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (slyon, 14:40)
 * ''LINK:'' https://warthogs.atlassian.net/jira/software/c/projects/SEC/boards/594 (internal)  (slyon, 14:40)

=== Any other business? ===

Discussion started by slyon at 14:52.




== People present (lines said) ==

 * slyon (40)
 * cpaelzer (26)
 * sarnold (14)
 * ubottu (7)
 * mdeslaur (4)
 * meetingology (2)
 * joalif (2)



== Full log ==


 14:33 <slyon> #startmeeting Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status

 14:33 <meetingology> Meeting started at 14:33:28 UTC.  The chair is slyon.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 14:33 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 14:33 <slyon> #topic current component mismatches

 14:33 <slyon> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg

 14:33 <slyon> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg

 14:34 <cpaelzer> hi

 14:34 <cpaelzer> I'm partially here

 14:34 <slyon> I've investigated liburi-perl last week and coordinated with the Debian maintainer. This change (&component mismatch) will most probably be rolled back (see attached bug report)

 14:34 <slyon> I can see one new component-mismatch (moar -perl depends...): libchart-perl

 14:35 <slyon> it's tagged foundations-bugs, so I'll do an initial investigation on this

 14:35 <slyon> anything else?

 14:35 <sarnold> that's all I spotted

 14:35 <cpaelzer> me as well

 14:35 <slyon> #topic New MIRs

 14:35 <slyon> Mission: ensure to assign all incoming reviews for fast processing

 14:35 <slyon> we have two new MIRs

 14:35 <slyon> bug 1980968

 14:35 <ubottu> Bug 1980968 in libregexp-wildcards-perl (Ubuntu) "[MIR] libregexp-wildcards-perl" [Undecided, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1980968

 14:36 <cpaelzer> another lintian case

 14:36 <cpaelzer> I can take that

 14:36 <slyon> joalif: is this something you could have a look at? (shoudl be fairly small)

 14:36 <slyon> or cpaelzer

 14:36 <cpaelzer> self assigned

 14:36 <joalif> which one ?

 14:36 <cpaelzer> already gone joalif :-)

 14:36 <slyon> thanks

 14:36 <slyon> bug 1942394

 14:36 <ubottu> Bug 1942394 in mdevctl (Ubuntu) "[MIR] mdevctl 1.0.0 (rust switch)" [Undecided, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1942394

 14:37 <cpaelzer> that is from us (so I shouldn't really review)

 14:37 <cpaelzer> it is the first trying the rust rules we landed

 14:37 <slyon> that's the first MIR case.. I might be able to take a look at that, not sure if I can make it in one week, tho. as I expect it to take a bit longer

 14:38 <slyon> (self assigned)

 14:38 <slyon> #topic Incomplete bugs / questions

 14:38 <slyon> Mission: Identify required actions and spread the load among the teams

 14:38 <slyon> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 14:38 <slyon> vulkan-tools (bug 1946359) is just a tracking update (Impish EOL)

 14:39 <cpaelzer> slyon: if you have any direct question while looking at mdevctl please consider pingign athos directly

 14:39 <ubottu> Bug 1946359 in vulkan-tools (Ubuntu Jammy) "[MIR] vulkan-tools" [Medium, Incomplete] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1946359

 14:39 <slyon> libregexp-ipv6-perl (bug 1981608) is my investigation about the -perl dependency mentioned earlier. not actionable right now

 14:39 <ubottu> Bug 1981608 in libregexp-ipv6-perl (Ubuntu) "[MIR] libregexp-ipv6-perl" [Undecided, Incomplete] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1981608

 14:39 <slyon> no other recent updates.

 14:39 <slyon> #topic MIR related Security Review Queue

 14:39 <cpaelzer> nice, glad it isn't too much

 14:39 <slyon> Mission: Check on progress, do deadlines seem doable?

 14:40 <slyon> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-security/+bugs?field.searchtext=%5BMIR%5D&assignee_option=choose&field.assignee=ubuntu-security&field.bug_reporter=&field.bug_commenter=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 14:40 <slyon> #link https://warthogs.atlassian.net/jira/software/c/projects/SEC/boards/594 (internal)

 14:40 <slyon> sarnold: how are the security queues moving along?

 14:40 <cpaelzer> if you can sort by milestone

 14:41 <sarnold> they are moving :) it feels good

 14:41 <cpaelzer> there are at least 6 for this cycle

 14:41 <cpaelzer> and depending how we see mdevctl +1

 14:41 <slyon> cpaelzer: actually sarnold mentioned last week that the LP milestones are mostly ignored

 14:41 <cpaelzer> but I agree we had a few recent closed cases IIRC

 14:41 <slyon> and we should rather prioritize in jira

 14:42 <sarnold> one thing that worries me is wpe webkit stuff -- mdeslaur has asked for wpewebkit to be removed and blocked from debian syncs https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/wpewebkit/+bug/1981592 but we've also got https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/wpebackend-fdo/+bug/1973033 and https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/libwpe/+bug/1973031 in progress

 14:42 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1981592 in wpewebkit (Ubuntu) "Please remove wpewebkit and block syncs from Debian" [Undecided, New]

 14:42 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1973033 in wpebackend-fdo (Ubuntu) "[MIR] wpebackend-fdo" [High, New]

 14:42 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1973031 in libwpe (Ubuntu) "[MIR] libwpe" [High, New]

 14:42 <cpaelzer> sarnold: how would you want us to tag/prioritize it in there?

 14:42 <cpaelzer> or shoud I read last weeks log if you already explained?

 14:43 <sarnold> cpaelzer: there's a little chevron up or down, or little yellow equals sign, that's used for a priority field

 14:43 <cpaelzer> I know that

 14:43 <cpaelzer> but what does it mean

 14:43 <cpaelzer> if I need something for FF - what do you want me to set for example

 14:43 <sarnold> the high priority, please

 14:45 <sarnold> given how difficult / impossible it is to support the various webkits, this new flavour makes me worried that we'll wind up with twice as many packages that we can't reaistically support

 14:46 <sarnold> even if the wpebackend-fdo and libwpe packages are short-and-sweet and reasonable, do they "need" The Other wpewebkit package?

 14:46 <cpaelzer> this is from the desktop team

 14:47 <cpaelzer> sadly seb128 is offline (focus on sprint) and didrocks isn't here either (and not that involved there)

 14:47 <slyon> ACK, I am not in the known about wpewebkit either..

 14:47 <cpaelzer> who else from Desktop could we ping to re-consider not needing wpe?

 14:48 <cpaelzer> sarnold: maybe you'd need to send your feedback in a mail to seb128 or - even better for auditability - just update that bug ?

 14:48 <mdeslaur> those two libraries are needed for webkit2gtk and don't prevent wpewebkit from being removed from the archive

 14:48 <mdeslaur> (FYI)

 14:48 <cpaelzer> challenge them to reconsider if it is really strictly needed to add support for this

 14:48 <cpaelzer> mdeslaur: glad to learn that those are separate

 14:49 <sarnold> great, thanks mdeslaur :)

 14:49 <mdeslaur> there's a relevant blog post about it here: https://blogs.gnome.org/mcatanzaro/2022/07/15/best-practices-for-build-options/

 14:49 <sarnold> cpaelzer: I was worried about The Bug because we've got three of them in play at the moment

 14:50 <mdeslaur> (rule #2 in that blog post)

 14:50 <slyon> sarnold: is there any dependency on wpewebkit from those?

 14:50 <sarnold> slyon: none that I've found through manual inspection

 14:50 <sarnold> slyon: but dlopen sorts of things might make it harder to spot

 14:51 <slyon> good. I can't see any from "reverse-depends src:wpewebkit" either

 14:51 <slyon> so we might be fine to handle those independently. Maybe you could still reach out to the desktop team (or mention it on the bug report), just to double check and make everybody aware

 14:51 <sarnold> nice blog post, it reads very similar to the MIR requests, hehe

 14:52 <slyon> #topic Any other business?

 14:52 <sarnold> ack, will do, thanks

 14:52 <sarnold> none here

 14:52 <joalif> none

 14:52 <slyon> nothing here

 14:52 <slyon> ok, let's wrap this and get people back to the sprint!

 14:52 <slyon> thanks for your time! :)

 14:53 <slyon> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)