== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Developer Memebership Board meeting, started by rbasak, 27 Jun at 16:03 &mdash; 16:17 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2022/ubuntu-meeting.2022-06-27-16.03.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== Review of previous action items ===

Discussion started by rbasak at 16:04.

 * ''ACTION:'' teward follow up to get all application process wiki/docs to explain the process to be able to edit wiki pages, for applicants who don't yet have wiki edit access (carried over)  (rbasak, 16:05)
 * ''ACTION:'' sil2100 update application docs and possibly DMB checklist, to make sure candidates have signed CoC before applying and before DMB approves (carried over)  (rbasak, 16:05)

=== Outstanding mailing list requests to assign ===

Discussion started by rbasak at 16:05.

 * No outstanding mailing list requests to assign  (rbasak, 16:06)

=== Open TB bugs ===

Discussion started by rbasak at 16:06.

 * No open TB bugs  (rbasak, 16:06)

=== AOB ===

Discussion started by rbasak at 16:06.

 * ''AGREED:'' The chair rotation list shall be removed, in favour of picking an appropriate chair when needed.  (rbasak, 16:12)



== Action items, by person ==

 * sil2100
  * sil2100 update application docs and possibly DMB checklist, to make sure candidates have signed CoC before applying and before DMB approves (carried over)
 * teward
  * teward follow up to get all application process wiki/docs to explain the process to be able to edit wiki pages, for applicants who don't yet have wiki edit access (carried over)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * rbasak (28)
 * utkarsh2102 (8)
 * sil2100 (7)
 * meetingology (5)
 * teward (2)
 * bdmurray (1)



== Full log ==


 16:03 <rbasak> #startmeeting Developer Memebership Board

 16:03 <meetingology> Meeting started at 16:03:53 UTC.  The chair is rbasak.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 16:03 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 16:04 <rbasak> #topic Review of previous action items

 16:04 <rbasak> sil2100 update application docs and possibly DMB checklist, to make sure candidates have signed CoC before applying and before DMB approves (carried over)

 16:04 <rbasak> teward follow up to get all application process wiki/docs to explain the process to be able to edit wiki pages, for applicants who don't yet have wiki edit access (carried over)

 16:04 <sil2100> I think I did *some* progress on that, but I need to check if I got all the places

 16:04 <sil2100> Let me browse around

 16:04 <sil2100> (please continue in the meantime)

 16:04 <rbasak> Should I carry it over for now then?

 16:05 <teward> carry over.  never enough cycles in the week

 16:05 <teward> (for mine)

 16:05 <rbasak> #action teward follow up to get all application process wiki/docs to explain the process to be able to edit wiki pages, for applicants who don't yet have wiki edit access (carried over)

 16:05 * meetingology teward follow up to get all application process wiki/docs to explain the process to be able to edit wiki pages, for applicants who don't yet have wiki edit access (carried over)

 16:05 <rbasak> #action sil2100 update application docs and possibly DMB checklist, to make sure candidates have signed CoC before applying and before DMB approves (carried over)

 16:05 * meetingology sil2100 update application docs and possibly DMB checklist, to make sure candidates have signed CoC before applying and before DMB approves (carried over)

 16:05 <sil2100> Let's carry mine over, but hopefully we'll close it by the end of the meeting

 16:05 <rbasak> OK thanks

 16:05 <rbasak> #topic Outstanding mailing list requests to assign

 16:06 <rbasak> #info No outstanding mailing list requests to assign

 16:06 <rbasak> #topic Open TB bugs

 16:06 <rbasak> #info No open TB bugs

 16:06 <rbasak> #topic AOB

 16:07 <rbasak> I'd like to talk about what we're doing about the automatic packagesets, but apart from that, any other AOB?

 16:07 <utkarsh2102> yes!

 16:07 <sil2100> I wanted to discuss if we should remove the chair rotation thingy from the Agenda then

 16:08 <rbasak> I'm in favour of that

 16:08 <utkarsh2102> the welcome mail said we'll talk about the time of our meetings, I'm not sure if we want to

 16:08 <sil2100> I don't mind, since I don't even remember the rationale of that

 16:08 <sil2100> (it was too long ago)

 16:08 <rbasak> utkarsh2102: we can talk about it if there's someone who's looking to change the timing. Are you looking to do that, or just following up from the welcome email?

 16:10 <utkarsh2102> not really looking to change but just wanted to mention that 1900 UTC means 0030 for me. :)

 16:10 <utkarsh2102> so I might miss some days when the meeting is at 19 UTC

 16:10 <rbasak> I think that's OK.

 16:10 <utkarsh2102> nothing else, but I shall do my utmost to be present

 16:10 <rbasak> OTOH, if you'd like to change the timing, then I'm open to that too, but IMHO you would need to drive that.

 16:11 <rbasak> Shall I call it agreed that we're removing the chair rotation list then, in favour of picking an appropriate chair when needed?

 16:12 <bdmurray> That's fine with me

 16:12 <utkarsh2102> nah, the timing is good - covers a good number of TZs

 16:12 <utkarsh2102> and yes, seems fair enough!

 16:12 <rbasak> #agreed The chair rotation list shall be removed, in favour of picking an appropriate chair when needed.

 16:12 <meetingology> AGREED: The chair rotation list shall be removed, in favour of picking an appropriate chair when needed.

 16:13 <rbasak> I'd like us to consider what we're doing with the automatic packageset stuff. I think the current state of things is that the script is rotting somewhat, and needs some attention to bring it back to the point where we can just run it and be confident in the result.

 16:14 <rbasak> I think this needs someone to drive it, and was hoping for a volunteer.

 16:14 <rbasak> FWIW, I don't think it even needs to be a DMB member really.

 16:15 <utkarsh2102> maybe send this to the list?

 16:15 <rbasak> For background, this is the script that tries to automatically determine the contents of the server, desktop and flavor packagesets by examining the seeds.

 16:15 <rbasak> Yeah, sure, if nobody is volunteering now.

 16:16 <rbasak> OK, I'll take it to the ML

 16:16 <rbasak> AOB?

 16:17 <rbasak> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)