== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Technical Board meeting, started by rbasak, 19 Jul at 19:14 &mdash; 19:28 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2022/ubuntu-meeting.2022-07-19-19.14.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== Action Review ===

Discussion started by rbasak at 19:15.


=== Definition of our third party repository policy. See https://docs.google.com/document/d/1apUKR4gtOrfPGCWmtoebaQUhoy-fG8Cyo3VKJyhnpD0/edit ===

Discussion started by rbasak at 19:17.


=== Scan the mailing list archive for anything we missed (standing item) ===

Discussion started by rbasak at 19:24.


=== Check up on community bugs (standing item) ===

Discussion started by rbasak at 19:25.


=== Select a chair for the next meeting (next from https://launchpad.net/~techboard/+members) ===

Discussion started by rbasak at 19:26.


=== AOB ===

Discussion started by rbasak at 19:26.




== People present (lines said) ==

 * rbasak (40)
 * vorlon (13)
 * sil2100 (6)
 * meetingology (2)
 * ubottu (1)



== Full log ==


 19:14 <rbasak> #startmeeting Technical Board

 19:14 <meetingology> Meeting started at 19:14:52 UTC.  The chair is rbasak.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 19:14 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 19:15 <rbasak> #topic Action Review

 19:15 * rbasak (everyone) review the Ubuntu Backports Team Charter for ratification

 19:15 * rbasak (everyone) formal ratification of third party seeded snap security policy (finalize wording on the Google Doc)

 19:15 <rbasak> ^ this one I'm still working on

 19:15 * rbasak vorlon to circle around with store, snapcraft, et all, and revise the snap source revision policy to be more clear with regards to rebuildability and GPL compliance. (rbasak, 19:06)

 19:15 <rbasak> ^ blocked on me?

 19:15 * rbasak sil2100 to start a draft summarizing the OEM archive portion of the meeting which x-nox and TB will review, edit, and ratify before we move on to figuring out the next step (rbasak, 19:08)

 19:15 * rbasak rbasak to draft a proposal of the DMB-proposed inactivity expiration policy for TB ratification (sil2100, 19:20)

 19:15 <rbasak> ^ still pending

 19:15 * rbasak cyphermox to follow up with the CC regarding the TB nominations and election (sil2100, 19:23)

 19:16 <rbasak> Any progress on the others that needs reporting please? Otherwise carry everything over?

 19:16 <vorlon> rbasak: yeah I think that's blocked on the draft policy at this point

 19:16 <sil2100> Yeah, mine is a bit of a stupid thing. I had notes on the OEM Archive status but still didn't quite get to getting those formally written down

 19:16 <sil2100> I'm actually trying to do some of the writing right now

 19:16 <rbasak> OK so carry over everything?

 19:17 <rbasak> #topic Definition of our third party repository policy. See https://docs.google.com/document/d/1apUKR4gtOrfPGCWmtoebaQUhoy-fG8Cyo3VKJyhnpD0/edit

 19:17 <vorlon> afaik yes

 19:17 <rbasak> I've made some progress in identifying relevant snaps

 19:17 <rbasak> I scanned the archive for dependencies on snapd on the assumption that all "transitional packages" would pull them in.

 19:17 <rbasak> Also I scanned some set of seeds to see what seeds might seed snaps directly. See my question in #ubuntu-devel - did I get them all?

 19:17 <rbasak> I stuck them in an appendix at the bottom of the document for now.

 19:18 <rbasak> The only unusual things are ember/cyphesis-cpp that came in through Debian

 19:18 <rbasak> And freeshow which was packaged as a snap by ubuntu-studio (AFAICT) and then seeded.

 19:18 <vorlon> there are transitional deb-to-snap packages in Debian?

 19:18 <rbasak> Indeed :)

 19:18 <vorlon> o_O

 19:19 <sil2100> wow

 19:19 <rbasak> See https://bugs.debian.org/cgi-bin/bugreport.cgi?bug=950926

 19:19 <ubottu> Debian bug 950926 in ember "ember: Using packages to install 'snap' packages is not a correct use of the packaging system" [Serious, Open]

 19:19 <rbasak> On these ones, I think it would make sense to apply our policy completely, possibly blocklisting autosync if the requirements are not met. But I'll talk to the maintainer first.

 19:20 <rbasak> On the Ubuntu Studio freeshow, I expect the snap can be trivially adjusted to meet our requirements anyway. I'll talk to Eickmeyer

 19:20 <rbasak> Are there any other sources of snaps I might have missed?

 19:21 <vorlon> sounds complete to me

 19:21 <vorlon> with the caveat that packages might have missed the dep on snapd on account of it being in the base system

 19:22 <rbasak> Any ideas on identifying those?

 19:22 <vorlon> uh codesearch.ubuntu.com

 19:22 <vorlon> (does not exist)

 19:22 <rbasak> I think I might know someone. But I suspect that searching for "snap" will have too many false positives :-/

 19:23 <vorlon> 'snap install'?

 19:23 <rbasak> But that doesn't really stop us determining a policy and dealing with new things as they are discovered.

 19:23 * vorlon nods

 19:23 <rbasak> subprocess.check_call(['snap', 'install']) etc :-/

 19:24 <rbasak> If there are no other comments, I'll carry on with this and we can move on from this topic?

 19:24 <sil2100> +1 o/

 19:24 <rbasak> #topic Scan the mailing list archive for anything we missed (standing item)

 19:25 <vorlon> (FWIW I assumed we would only need to worry about this in maintainer scripts, which are 99.9% shell)

 19:25 <rbasak> Only the post from Philipp Kewisch. sil2100 and I have already talked to him.

 19:25 <rbasak> #topic Check up on community bugs (standing item)

 19:25 <vorlon> I invited him to this meeting but he may not make it

 19:26 <sil2100> It was a good talk. But I forgot to make any notes during the meeting

 19:26 <rbasak> No community bugs listed.

 19:26 <rbasak> #topic Select a chair for the next meeting (next from https://launchpad.net/~techboard/+members)

 19:26 <sil2100> Could have been a good idea for the other TB members to read, eh...

 19:26 <rbasak> vorlon I guess? :-P

 19:26 <rbasak> #topic AOB

 19:26 <rbasak> AOB?

 19:27 <vorlon> that's to me as next chair?  sure

 19:27 <rbasak> I'll change the agenda doc accordingly :-)

 19:28 <rbasak> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)