== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team meeting, started by slyon, 13 Oct at 15:04 &mdash; 15:55 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2022/ubuntu-meeting.2022-10-13-15.04.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

 * ''LINK:'' https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/foundations-team-updates-thursday-13-october-2022/31342   (slyon, 15:05)

=== Release incoming bugs ===

Discussion started by slyon at 15:10.

 * ''LINK:'' https://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-kk-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs   (slyon, 15:10)
 * ''LINK:'' https://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-jj-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs   (slyon, 15:11)
 * ''LINK:'' https://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/foundations-triage-discuss-bug-tasks.html   (slyon, 15:13)
 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs   (slyon, 15:48)

=== AOB ===

Discussion started by slyon at 15:52.




== People present (lines said) ==

 * slyon (52)
 * bdmurray (12)
 * juliank (11)
 * schopin (7)
 * enr0n (3)
 * meetingology (2)
 * ogra (1)
 * xypron (1)
 * adrien (1)
 * dbungert (1)
 * waveform (1)



== Full log ==


 15:04 <slyon> #startmeeting Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team

 15:04 <meetingology> Meeting started at 15:04:49 UTC.  The chair is slyon.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 15:04 <ogra> ðŸ™‚

 15:04 <juliank> /o\

 15:04 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 15:05 <juliank> ðŸ¤¦

 15:05 <xypron> o/

 15:05 <slyon> #link https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/foundations-team-updates-thursday-13-october-2022/31342

 15:05 <slyon> The weekly status is here:

 15:05 <slyon> Let's all take our usual time to read and ask questions

 15:08 <bdmurray> still reading

 15:08 <slyon> Alright, any questions?

 15:09 <bdmurray> enr0n: how many rts are opened about bad mirrors now?

 15:09 <bdmurray> I don't think the ones from April have been sorted

 15:09 <enr0n> bdmurray: I'm not sure in total. I opened one last week or so that has been resolved.

 15:09 <enr0n> Just opened the uz one today

 15:10 <bdmurray> Ah, maybe we (you?) should have a look before the release

 15:10 <enr0n> I can do that

 15:10 <slyon> #topic Release incoming bugs

 15:10 <slyon> #link https://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-kk-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 15:11 <slyon> bug #1842439

 15:11 <schopin> still in the hands of Desktop afaict

 15:11 <slyon> ok, let's move on

 15:11 <slyon> #link https://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-jj-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 15:11 <slyon> bug #1965094

 15:12 <slyon> ^ we seem to be waiting on desktop here, too?

 15:12 <slyon> (or kernel team)

 15:13 <slyon> #link https://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/foundations-triage-discuss-bug-tasks.html

 15:14 <slyon> bug #https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/apt/+bug/1992513

 15:14 <juliank> I don't think this needs discussing just more investigating

 15:15 <slyon> so shall we un-tag it? and mabye mark the nvidia-graphics-* bug tasks invalid?

 15:15 <juliank> So subscribe foundations-bugs and untag it

 15:15 <bdmurray> If you think we should work on it then it should be tagged foundations-todo

 15:16 <slyon> bug #1992485

 15:18 <bdmurray> let's ping the server team about this

 15:18 <juliank> probably seccomp bs again

 15:20 <slyon> ack.

 15:20 <slyon> bug #1992472

 15:21 <slyon> bug #1992369

 15:21 <slyon> we're subscribing ~foundations-bugs to the APT hooks one.

 15:22 <slyon> the next one is about font rendering

 15:23 <schopin> No change to the package besides rebuild between focal and jammy, might be more an issue with whatever renders the font?

 15:23 <slyon> I agree.

 15:24 <bdmurray> Maybe its gnome-font-viewer?

 15:24 <slyon> or fontconfig?

 15:25 <slyon> let's add a gnome-font-viewer task to this bug and have the desktop team have a look at it.

 15:25 <bdmurray> It looks fine to me

 15:26 <schopin> freetype2 could be a culprit, and it's Foundations... :)

 15:26 <adrien> harfbuzz too iirc

 15:26 <schopin> which is desktop. Great.

 15:27 <slyon> bug #1992358

 15:29 <schopin> That sounds like a support request?

 15:29 <bdmurray> "your very kind note on upgrading to jammy" ?

 15:29 <schopin> Probably in the release notes.

 15:30 <slyon> let's skip this one, its not really clear why it got tagged.

 15:30 <slyon> bug #1992297

 15:33 <juliank> so this one is just weird I did not fully understand what they tried to say

 15:33 <juliank> but I think it's incomplete

 15:34 <slyon> "if this problem is something that seems to be hardware speciffic or speciffic and very rare to happen then the chance that it happens to many people who don't know what to do is small. however if this problem turns out to be more common or that it could happen also on normal systems with a new install then that could be a problem"

 15:34 <slyon> seems to be an edge case and resolved for the reporter, he's just waiting for others to see the same issue. maybe we should set it as Triaged/Low?

 15:36 <slyon> okay adding some questions => Incomplete

 15:36 <slyon> bug #1992283

 15:38 <bdmurray> Oct  9 12:00:27 ubuntu kernel: [  441.390511]  nvme0n2: unable to read partition table

 15:38 <bdmurray> Oct  9 12:00:27 ubuntu kernel: [  441.390522] nvme0n2: partition table beyond EOD, truncated

 15:38 <bdmurray> Is that suspicious?

 15:38 <juliank> looks like broken partition table

 15:42 <slyon> Let's set importance to medium, as the new installer should better handle such situations

 15:42 <slyon> bug #1992228

 15:44 <slyon> imagemagick is in universe since Focal

 15:45 <slyon> so I'll unsubscribe and removed the tag

 15:45 <dbungert> note that we should also set aside some time to discuss proposed-migration, it has 8 items

 15:45 <slyon> bug #1992179

 15:46 <slyon> dbungert: thanks for the heads-up. let's discuss the shim bug ^ and move to proposed-migration net

 15:46 <slyon> next*

 15:48 <slyon> foundations is already subscribed, this should be fixed, let's remove the -discuss tag

 15:48 <slyon> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs

 15:49 <slyon> libevent vs mysql, is that something waveform could have a look at?

 15:49 <waveform> yup

 15:49 <slyon> glibc vs ubuntu-image, schopin?

 15:50 <schopin> Yup, already looking into it :)

 15:50 <slyon> nice!

 15:50 <slyon> liverto, is just waiting for libevent

 15:50 <slyon> so is nfs-utils

 15:50 <slyon> all the rest is pretty much just waiting for tests to run,

 15:51 <slyon> i'll re-trigger those netplan vs glib2.0 tests

 15:52 <slyon> #topic AOB

 15:52 <juliank> ooo tomorrow

 15:52 <juliank> release next week

 15:53 <slyon> final freeze today :)

 15:53 <juliank> so no #ubuntu-meeting meeting next week then

 15:54 <slyon> alright, thanks all!

 15:55 <slyon> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)