== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status meeting, started by slyon, 25 Oct at 14:30 &mdash; 14:42 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2022/ubuntu-meeting.2022-10-25-14.30.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== current component mismatches ===

Discussion started by slyon at 14:30.

 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg   (slyon, 14:30)
 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg   (slyon, 14:30)

=== New MIRs ===

Discussion started by slyon at 14:32.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=NEW&field.status%3Alist=CONFIRMED&assignee_option=none&field.assignee=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (slyon, 14:32)
 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/cargo/+bug/1993819   (luna, 14:32)

=== Incomplete bugs / questions ===

Discussion started by slyon at 14:38.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (slyon, 14:38)

=== MIR related Security Review Queue ===

Discussion started by slyon at 14:39.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-security/+bugs?field.searchtext=%5BMIR%5D&assignee_option=choose&field.assignee=ubuntu-security&field.bug_reporter=&field.bug_commenter=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (slyon, 14:39)

=== Any other business? ===

Discussion started by slyon at 14:40.




== People present (lines said) ==

 * slyon (36)
 * luna (6)
 * didrocks (5)
 * meetingology (2)
 * joalif (2)



== Full log ==


 14:30 <slyon> #startmeeting Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status

 14:30 <meetingology> Meeting started at 14:30:15 UTC.  The chair is slyon.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 14:30 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 14:30 <slyon> Ping for MIR meeting - didrocks joalif slyon sarnold cpaelzer jamespage

 14:30 <joalif> o/

 14:30 <slyon> this might be a quick meeting. some attendees are out at the sprint.

 14:30 <slyon> #topic current component mismatches

 14:30 <slyon> Mission: Identify required actions and spread the load among the teams

 14:30 <slyon> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg

 14:30 <slyon> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg

 14:31 <luna> ah decided to pop in and watch as i am not in Prauge

 14:31 <slyon> c-m is looking all good, except for nvidia-graphics-drivers-520. But those are usually handled by AAs directly (as it was last week for the -418 package), so ignoring it for now.

 14:32 <slyon> #topic New MIRs

 14:32 <slyon> Mission: ensure to assign all incoming reviews for fast processing

 14:32 <slyon> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=NEW&field.status%3Alist=CONFIRMED&assignee_option=none&field.assignee=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 14:32 <slyon> there's one on the list. Well, actually two: cargo and dh-cargo

 14:32 <luna> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/cargo/+bug/1993819

 14:33 <slyon> those are ready for review

 14:33 <slyon> do we have any volunteers to have a look at those? Some previous work/review is available in https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/rustc/+bug/1957932/comments/6

 14:33 <slyon> (I would like to avoid doing a team-internal review)

 14:35 <slyon> I know we all still have a list of MIRs to review...

 14:35 <slyon> joalif: would you be interested in having a look at dh-cargo? And maybe didrocks could have a 2nd look at cargo?

 14:35 <didrocks> (sorry, slightly late, rollbacking)

 14:35 <joalif> i'm kind of ioverloaded atm

 14:36 <slyon> of course sprint week is coming up and those reviews would only be due some time after the sprint

 14:36 <didrocks> I can have another look at cargo next week during the sprint :)

 14:37 <didrocks> unsure I can take more, still have some more on my list

 14:37 <slyon> ACK. thanks didrocks!

 14:38 <slyon> I assigned you to the cargo task. I'll leave the other one unassigned for next meeting, when more MIR members are attending and the dust has settled

 14:38 <didrocks> ack

 14:38 <slyon> #topic Incomplete bugs / questions

 14:38 <slyon> Mission: Identify required actions and spread the load among the teams

 14:38 <slyon> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 14:38 <slyon> just a tracking update in bug #1990571

 14:38 <slyon> (it's pending the completion of other queued MIRs)

 14:39 <slyon> #topic MIR related Security Review Queue

 14:39 <slyon> Mission: Check on progress, do deadlines seem doable?

 14:39 <slyon> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-security/+bugs?field.searchtext=%5BMIR%5D&assignee_option=choose&field.assignee=ubuntu-security&field.bug_reporter=&field.bug_commenter=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 14:39 <slyon> I'm not sure if sarnold is around today? ...

 14:39 <slyon> Maybe not. Let's continue

 14:40 <slyon> #topic Any other business?

 14:40 <luna> 16:39 [libera] -!-  away     : very long weekend

 14:40 * luna does not have anything

 14:41 <didrocks> nothing either

 14:41 <slyon> I'm not yet sure if we'll have a MIR meeting next week, due to even more people being in Prague at the sprint.

 14:41 <slyon> Maybe we can do an on-site MIR meeting as we did last time.. Let's see.

 14:41 <luna> maybe have an in person one for people there?

 14:41 <luna> (not me)

 14:41 <slyon> ack.

 14:42 <slyon> Thank you all!

 14:42 <slyon> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)