== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team meeting, started by juliank, 29 Sep at 15:00 &mdash; 16:00 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2022/ubuntu-meeting.2022-09-29-15.00.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

 * ''LINK:'' https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/foundations-team-updates-thursday-29-september-2022/30898   (juliank, 15:01)

=== Release incoming bugs ===

Discussion started by juliank at 15:12.

 * ''LINK:'' https://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-kk-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs   (juliank, 15:12)
 * ''LINK:'' https://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-jj-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs   (juliank, 15:21)
 * ''LINK:'' https://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/foundations-triage-discuss-bug-tasks.html   (juliank, 15:22)
 * ''LINK:'' https://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/foundations-todo-bug-tasks.html   (juliank, 15:45)

=== Team proposed-migration report ===

Discussion started by juliank at 15:55.

 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs   (juliank, 15:55)

=== AOB ===

Discussion started by juliank at 15:55.




== People present (lines said) ==

 * juliank (74)
 * ubottu (15)
 * bdmurray (11)
 * bdrung (5)
 * xypron (3)
 * enr0n (3)
 * meetingology (2)
 * jawn-smith (2)
 * doko (2)
 * ginggs (1)
 * waveform (1)
 * mclemenceau (1)
 * schopin (1)



== Full log ==


 15:00 <juliank> #startmeeting Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team

 15:00 <meetingology> Meeting started at 15:00:18 UTC.  The chair is juliank.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 15:00 <xypron> \o

 15:00 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 15:00 <bdrung> \o

 15:01 <juliank> #link https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/foundations-team-updates-thursday-29-september-2022/30898

 15:01 <jawn-smith> o/

 15:01 <juliank> weekly status is there

 15:01 <bdmurray> o/

 15:01 <juliank> I forgot mine :(

 15:01 <juliank> Let's all take our usual time to read and ask questions

 15:02 <ginggs> o/

 15:05 <bdmurray> enr0n: can you elaborate on bug 1964036?

 15:05 <ubottu> Bug 1964036 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu) "Firefox icon missing from panel following Kubuntu upgrade 20.04->22.04" [High, Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1964036

 15:07 <enr0n> bdmurray: I did an upgrade attempt where I removed the firefox entry in deb2snap.json, so that u-r-u would not mess with the firefox snap or deb

 15:07 <bdrung> xypron, regarding the gemmi failure: Why did you disable the tests on non-amd64 instead of fixing the test case?

 15:07 <enr0n> When I did that, the icon was still missing on upgrade, suggesting that u-r-u is not the cause of that bug

 15:09 <bdmurray> Still shouldn't we not be removing the deb?

 15:09 <bdmurray> waveform: no it can't be added to your PPU but if you were a core dev! ;-)

 15:10 <enr0n> Correct, we should let the deb handle the transition. I was just pointing out that the original issue raised in the bug is not fixed by us leaving the deb alone

 15:10 <waveform> bdmurray, I'm sure if someone checks the coverage of that PPU ... ;)

 15:12 <juliank> #topic Release incoming bugs

 15:12 <juliank> #link https://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-kk-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 15:13 <juliank> bug 1990429

 15:13 <ubottu> Bug 1990429 in software-properties (Ubuntu) "software-properties uses deprecated apt-key" [High, Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1990429

 15:13 <xypron> bdrung: it is about mathematical accuracy. The same two tests are disabled on Windows for the same reason.

 15:13 <xypron> bdrung: we don't expect the exact same numbers on other architectures.

 15:14 <juliank> We had that last week already huh

 15:14 <juliank> tag it  foundations-todo?

 15:15 <juliank> bug 1990202

 15:15 <ubottu> Bug 1990202 in swtpm (Ubuntu) "Merge swtpm from Debian unstable" [Wishlist, Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1990202

 15:15 <juliank> we also looked at this last week

 15:16 <juliank> did we mean to untag this?

 15:16 <bdmurray> I'll do it

 15:16 <juliank> bug 1990856

 15:16 <ubottu> Bug 1990856 in debootstrap (Ubuntu) "Does not consider all versions in Packages files" [Undecided, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1990856

 15:16 <juliank> that sounds like not a bug

 15:17 <juliank> ah

 15:17 <mclemenceau> o/

 15:18 <juliank> seems valid

 15:18 <juliank> subscribing

 15:18 <juliank> bug 1097467

 15:18 <ubottu> Bug 1097467 in bash (Ubuntu) "bash does not fulfill --rcfile option properly" [Undecided, Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1097467

 15:19 <juliank> going through the same bugs every week not super helpful :D

 15:20 <juliank> this discussion needs to go upstream

 15:21 <juliank> Removing the tag, there isn't anything we can do here really

 15:21 <juliank> #link https://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-jj-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 15:21 <juliank> bug 1990586

 15:22 <bdmurray> I think there is a needs-forwarding response in the ubuntu-qa-tools scripts

 15:22 <ubottu> Bug 1990586 in apt (Ubuntu) "22.04: python3* mismatched phasing breaks dist-upgrades" [Critical, In Progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1990586

 15:22 <juliank> this in progress, going to fix up tags

 15:22 <juliank> end of list :D

 15:22 <juliank> let's look at foundations-triage-discuss bugs

 15:22 <juliank> #link https://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/foundations-triage-discuss-bug-tasks.html

 15:23 <juliank> bug 1991139

 15:23 <ubottu> Bug 1991139 in apt (Ubuntu) "prompted to remove systemd-hwe-hwdb but re-installed via updates" [Undecided, Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1991139

 15:23 <juliank> this is bug resulting from phasing implementation in update-manager and apt

 15:23 <juliank> so we solved dist-upgrade then keep back phased packages, but any dependencies they marked for install are still being marked for install

 15:24 <juliank> not super high priority, more of an annoyance

 15:24 <juliank> but needs to be fixed

 15:24 <juliank> subscribing the team

 15:24 <juliank> bug 1991083

 15:24 <ubottu> Bug 1991083 in ubiquity (Ubuntu) "Resize error when installing alongside" [High, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1991083

 15:25 <juliank> bdmurray: what do you want to discuss?

 15:25 <juliank> fancy bug

 15:25 <bdmurray> I think it is important for the release and didn't want to just add it to todo w/o it also being added to the pulse

 15:28 <juliank> imported as FR-2732

 15:29 <juliank> (and tagged todo)

 15:29 <juliank> bug 1990520

 15:29 <ubottu> Bug 1990520 in Ubuntu on IBM z Systems "[Ubuntu 22.04] zkey: Fix re-enciphering of EP11 identity key of KMIP plugin" [High, In Progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1990520

 15:30 <schopin> IMO we should tag it, it's on my personal todo anyway :)

 15:30 <juliank> not sure what KMIP is but this sounds important to get done and is just sponsoring, tag it todo

 15:32 <juliank> bug 1987924

 15:32 <ubottu> Bug 1987924 in grub2-unsigned (Ubuntu Jammy) "GRUB may execute the kernel w/ dirty instruction cache on arm64" [Undecided, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1987924

 15:32 <juliank> This will happen in a couple of weeks

 15:32 <juliank> I'm gonna subscribe foundations-bugs to it but not tag it todo?

 15:33 <juliank> bug 1987541 even less priority

 15:33 <ubottu> Bug 1987541 in shim (Ubuntu) "shim executes GRUB w/ dirty instruction cache on arm64" [Undecided, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1987541

 15:34 <juliank> > I'm gonna subscribe foundations-bugs to it but not tag it todo?

 15:34 <juliank> bug 1982511

 15:34 <ubottu> Bug 1982511 in grub2-unsigned (Ubuntu Focal) "Intermittent 'Synchronous Exception' on arm64" [High, Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1982511

 15:34 <juliank> > I'm gonna subscribe foundations-bugs to it but not tag it todo?

 15:36 <juliank> bug 1920753

 15:36 <ubottu> Bug 1920753 in build-essential (Ubuntu) "Cannot install build-essential on fresh Ubuntu 20.04.2 installation" [Undecided, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1920753

 15:39 <juliank> so this machine had updates pocket disabled but image was built with that

 15:39 <juliank> so he had libc6 ubuntu9.9 installed, but only ubuntu9.7 in the sources.list

 15:39 <juliank> which doesn't work

 15:39 <juliank> This is Invalid

 15:40 <bdmurray> It feels to me like we should be capturing sources.list in bug reports more regularly

 15:41 <bdrung> bdmurray, feel free to open a bug report against apport to collect the sources.list by default

 15:45 <juliank> that's this list

 15:45 <juliank> let's investigate all our todo bugs

 15:45 <juliank> #link https://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/foundations-todo-bug-tasks.html

 15:45 <juliank> well, let's get an overview at least

 15:46 <juliank> looking at Importance Undecided, Status New

 15:47 <juliank> bug 1981109

 15:47 <ubottu> Bug 1981109 in livecd-rootfs (Ubuntu Jammy) "server image pulls in ModemManager via fwupd, consumes 25MiB RAM in every container" [High, Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1981109

 15:48 <juliank> is  actualyl this todo?, ubuntu-meta is assigned to server?

 15:48 <bdmurray> ubuntu-meta is a shared package

 15:51 <juliank> let's ask steve about this, and  continue with bug 1988710

 15:51 <ubottu> Bug 1988710 in gcc "qemu FTBFS with GCC 12" [Medium, Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1988710

 15:51 <juliank> false positive compiler warning

 15:52 <juliank> medium I'd say, easy to workaround anyway

 15:52 <juliank> doko: ^

 15:52 <bdmurray> juliank: are you reading the description or comment #3?

 15:52 <doko> it's upstreamed, do we care about alpha?

 15:53 <juliank> I just want to know which Importance to set :D

 15:53 <doko> minor. there's a work-around, and we also could stop building the alpha qemu

 15:54 <juliank> that's it for Undecided New ones

 15:55 <juliank> #topic Team proposed-migration report

 15:55 <juliank> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs

 15:55 <juliank> it's empty

 15:55 <bdrung> \o/

 15:55 <juliank> #topic AOB

 15:55 <bdrung> The apport SRUs are waiting to being accepted in -proposed.

 15:56 <bdmurray> I'm out next week

 15:57 <jawn-smith> I'm out the week after next

 15:57 <juliank> Germany is out Monday :D

 15:57 <juliank> I

 15:57 <juliank> so I'm at an event next week, and travelling only, I won't be attending meets most likely

 16:00 <juliank> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)