== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status - bonus meeting, started by cpaelzer, 02 Aug at 14:52 &mdash; 14:59 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2022/ubuntu-meeting.2022-08-02-14.52.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== Any other business? ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 14:53.




== People present (lines said) ==

 * cpaelzer (24)
 * sarnold (15)
 * slyon (4)
 * didrocks (3)
 * meetingology (2)



== Full log ==


 14:52 <cpaelzer> #startmeeting Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status - bonus

 14:52 <meetingology> Meeting started at 14:52:55 UTC.  The chair is cpaelzer.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 14:52 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 14:53 <sarnold> I'd like to plant the seed of an idea if there'd be gains in replacing the giant flowchart/state diagram of doom with something more like the kernel team SRU workflow

 14:53 <sarnold> here's a nice example bug https://bugs.launchpad.net/kernel-sru-workflow/+bug/1983335

 14:53 <cpaelzer> I missed an "Any other business"

 14:53 <cpaelzer> #topic Any other business?

 14:53 <sarnold> with the different phases of the review spelled out, individuals or teams assigned to each, status indicators on each..

 14:53 <didrocks> oh, basically, all stages in the bug targets?

 14:54 <cpaelzer> has anybody been in volved in creating this and can advise us?

 14:54 <slyon> would be more of a linear process

 14:54 <sarnold> I think it'd complicate things like bionic vulkan-tools, but I think it would have other simplifying efforts

 14:54 <cpaelzer> mutli-release reviews would become multiple bugs

 14:54 <sarnold> but the transition effort might cost more than any of us can afford

 14:54 <didrocks> yeah, I wonder how unlinear would work out, see if we can serialize that to a stack rollbacking to top if needed with higher priority

 14:54 <cpaelzer> which is ok as we mostly review one and then sub-check differences for the others

 14:54 <sarnold> and multi-package reviews might be harder to organize

 14:55 <slyon> right, like all the *-perl packages which we can squash into a single bug

 14:55 <sarnold> we in the security team were working on prepping some metrics and just finding it hard to *count* how many mirs in what states we had..

 14:55 <sarnold> iirc what we had to do launchpad scraping took an hour to execute every week

 14:55 <slyon> but those are still handled individually, so having a separat bug for each of them should still be manageable

 14:55 <cpaelzer> sarnold: and you tihnk counting would be better with this?

 14:56 <cpaelzer> the scraping I mean

 14:56 <sarnold> cpaelzer: well, it's hard to say; in the end we decided to scrap our launchpad scraping and move to jira, but, uh, we found earlier today that relying upon jira isn't without flaws too

 14:56 <cpaelzer> this sounds like workflow optimization which is a thing

 14:57 <cpaelzer> but most likely not our task or duty

 14:57 <sarnold> perhaps, but it is something most of us touch

 14:57 <sarnold> and making the things we touch often a bit nicer has rewards :)

 14:57 <cpaelzer> there might be new work to describe and process workflows, which then I think would provide the stage to renew

 14:57 <sarnold> whether or not this is nicer is another question

 14:57 <cpaelzer> sarnold: I think it comes down to someone finding the time to make a POC on launchpad to show it

 14:58 <sarnold> ah, good point. I hadn't considered that approach, heh

 14:58 <cpaelzer> which I think starts with findin who did it in kernel

 14:58 <cpaelzer> I guess it can all be LP API

 14:58 <cpaelzer> when we consume a new MIR we'd run a tool which adds the stages

 14:58 <cpaelzer> and then assign the review as one stage

 14:59 <cpaelzer> I'm open to discuss/check such a POC but currently consider myself unable to create it

 14:59 <cpaelzer> thanks for birnging the idea up though

 14:59 <cpaelzer> it seems interesting indeed

 14:59 <cpaelzer> having a hard stop now

 14:59 <sarnold> thanks :D

 14:59 <cpaelzer> any other other business?

 14:59 <sarnold> that's it

 14:59 <slyon> nope

 14:59 <didrocks> nothing else

 14:59 <cpaelzer> ok

 14:59 <cpaelzer> then again

 14:59 <cpaelzer> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)