== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team meeting, started by jawn-smith, 06 Oct at 15:01 &mdash; 15:55 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2022/ubuntu-meeting.2022-10-06-15.01.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

 * ''LINK:'' https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/foundations-team-updates-thursday-06-october-2022/31073   (jawn-smith, 15:02)

=== Release incoming bugs ===

Discussion started by jawn-smith at 15:09.

 * ''LINK:'' https://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-kk-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs   (jawn-smith, 15:09)
 * ''LINK:'' https://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-jj-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs   (jawn-smith, 15:14)
 * ''LINK:'' https://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/foundations-triage-discuss-bug-tasks.html   (jawn-smith, 15:16)
 * ''LINK:'' https://ubuntu.com/security/CVE-2019-13115   (ginggs, 15:49)

=== AOB ===

Discussion started by jawn-smith at 15:52.




== People present (lines said) ==

 * jawn-smith (59)
 * vorlon (21)
 * bdrung (5)
 * schopin (4)
 * dbungert (4)
 * enr0n (3)
 * meetingology (2)
 * ginggs (2)
 * juliank (1)
 * mclemenceau (1)



== Full log ==


 15:01 <jawn-smith> #startmeeting Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team

 15:01 <meetingology> Meeting started at 15:01:53 UTC.  The chair is jawn-smith.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 15:01 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 15:02 <jawn-smith> The weekly status is here:

 15:02 <jawn-smith> #link https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/foundations-team-updates-thursday-06-october-2022/31073

 15:02 <jawn-smith> Let's all take our usual time to read and ask questions

 15:02 <ginggs> o/

 15:02 <schopin> Please forgive the lack of my status, it was either that or triage, I figured triage was more important.

 15:08 * juliank is at MS Berlin, https://twitter.com/brau_ner/status/1577724706618474496

 15:08 <jawn-smith> Alright any other questions?

 15:09 <jawn-smith> #topic Release incoming bugs

 15:09 <jawn-smith> #link https://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-kk-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 15:09 <jawn-smith> 3 of these today

 15:10 <jawn-smith> bug 1842439

 15:10 <bdrung> This is the one for the desktop team

 15:11 <jawn-smith> Okay nothing for foundations to do then

 15:12 <jawn-smith> bug 1990887

 15:12 <jawn-smith> Also seems to be a desktop team bug

 15:13 <jawn-smith> bug 1795278

 15:13 <vorlon> should probably be rls-kk-notfixing as Desktop Team isn't responsible for the KDE ubiquity UX

 15:13 <vorlon> ... for both of those bugs, apparently!

 15:14 <mclemenceau> o/

 15:14 <jawn-smith> This last one also appears to be a desktop issue

 15:14 <jawn-smith> #link https://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-jj-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 15:14 <jawn-smith> bug 1965094

 15:16 <jawn-smith> Yet another desktop bug

 15:16 <jawn-smith> That's it for rls incoming bugs

 15:16 <vorlon> pff, these buggy desktops, with their software

 15:16 <jawn-smith> #link https://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/foundations-triage-discuss-bug-tasks.html

 15:17 <jawn-smith> I've sorted by order of importance and I'm going to see how many we can get through

 15:17 <jawn-smith> bug 1977630

 15:17 <jawn-smith> schopin: you tagged this, what did you want to discuss?

 15:18 <enr0n> ddstreet provided a PR for this, so I will review and test it

 15:18 <schopin> I wanted to know if we would fold it in an upcoming SRU or not

 15:18 <vorlon> so no discussion, just foundations-todo it?

 15:19 <jawn-smith> Yes, that seems appropriate

 15:19 <jawn-smith> bug 1991404

 15:20 <jawn-smith> vorlon: you tagged this, what would you like to discuss?

 15:21 <jawn-smith> Sounds like there was a misunderstanding, we're going to mark it as triaged and foundations-todo it

 15:21 <jawn-smith> bug 1579457

 15:22 <jawn-smith> I tagged this one

 15:22 <jawn-smith> It appears to be a real bug

 15:22 <jawn-smith> but I wanted to discuss the importance of it

 15:22 <jawn-smith> Any opinions?

 15:23 <vorlon> I think medium is reasonable

 15:24 <jawn-smith> Should we mark it todo?

 15:24 <vorlon> realistically, this is a long-standing behavior and it's in ubiquity which we should not be investing in

 15:25 <jawn-smith> Okay, so what should we do with the tags?

 15:25 <vorlon> what's the set of tags that means "we've looked at it and declined it"?

 15:25 <jawn-smith> foundations-todon't

 15:25 <vorlon> rls-kk-notfixing?

 15:27 <vorlon> sounds like we don't currently have a workflow that captures this

 15:27 <vorlon> so it might be a good idea for someone to capture this in our triage doc

 15:27 <jawn-smith> Agreed, let's touch base on that later

 15:27 <jawn-smith> bug 1892369

 15:27 <jawn-smith> waveform: you tagged this. What would you like to discuss?

 15:31 <jawn-smith> We have agreed to mark this medium and make sure the subiquity folks look at it

 15:31 <vorlon> sounds like foundations-bugs should be subscribed too, but not foundations-todo?

 15:31 <dbungert> ack

 15:32 <jawn-smith> bug 1920753

 15:33 <vorlon> did I tag this one for discussion?

 15:33 <jawn-smith> No bdrung did

 15:33 <vorlon> we had some discussion about this internally, I know

 15:35 <vorlon> bdrung's question was "is this a phased-updates bug" and the answer is no

 15:35 <jawn-smith> Okay so if it's not a phased-updates issue and it's importance is Low

 15:35 <jawn-smith> should we just remove the discuss tag and move on?

 15:35 <bdrung> yes

 15:35 <vorlon> I think there's nothing further to discuss ? It's been further triaged and we're waiting to see if there's any other feedback from the submitter that would tell us this is an installer bug

 15:36 <jawn-smith> bug 1990856

 15:36 <jawn-smith> enr0n: You tagged this

 15:36 <enr0n> jawn-smith: looking

 15:37 <enr0n> Oh, a patch was provided so I thought someone who knows the package should take a look

 15:37 <jawn-smith> Who knows debootstrap?

 15:38 <vorlon> can we forward this to Debian rather than diverging here?

 15:38 * bdrung agrees

 15:38 <jawn-smith> Okay great, bdrung can you do that?

 15:39 <bdrung> yes

 15:39 <jawn-smith> Thanks!

 15:39 <jawn-smith> bug 1700814

 15:39 <vorlon> it's a valid bug but it also affects Debian, is not super high priority for us

 15:39 <jawn-smith> dbungert: You tagged this

 15:40 <dbungert> upstream seems to have made a decision here, I'm reluctant to revert that but wanted to see if others had a strong opinion

 15:41 <dbungert> lacking that I think we should consider this foundations notfixing

 15:41 <vorlon> I agree

 15:41 <dbungert> ok, I will update the bug

 15:41 <jawn-smith> Thanks!

 15:42 <jawn-smith> bug 1968334

 15:43 <jawn-smith> The CVE is still present in focal

 15:44 <vorlon> this is a case of a universe package that we are expecting to maintain in the future for future releases (in-progress MIR)

 15:44 <vorlon> it's not-for-us wrt the existing series

 15:44 <vorlon> is it still open in kinetic? the bug state doesn't show it as fixed

 15:44 <schopin> agreed

 15:49 <ginggs> https://ubuntu.com/security/CVE-2019-13115

 15:51 <jawn-smith> Okay we're getting close to the top of the hour

 15:51 <schopin> I opened Focal and Bionic as New and marked the overall as Fix Released.

 15:51 <jawn-smith> Excellent, thanks!

 15:52 <jawn-smith> #topic AOB

 15:52 <jawn-smith> Monday is a US holiday

 15:52 <jawn-smith> I'll be out most of next week (working Tuesday and half of Wednesday)

 15:52 <jawn-smith> Any volunteers to run this meeting next week?

 15:53 <bdrung> I will be off next Thurstday and Friday.

 15:55 <jawn-smith> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)