== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team meeting, started by bdmurray, 10 Feb at 16:00 &mdash; 16:52 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2022/ubuntu-meeting.2022-02-10-16.00.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning Round ===

Discussion started by bdmurray at 16:00.


=== Team proposed-migration report ===

Discussion started by bdmurray at 16:12.

 * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-jj-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs   (bdmurray, 16:12)

=== Release Incoming Bugs ===

Discussion started by bdmurray at 16:13.

 * ''LINK:'' https://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ii-incoming-bug-tasks.html   (bdmurray, 16:31)

=== Team proposed-migration report ===

Discussion started by bdmurray at 16:34.

 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs   (vorlon, 16:34)

=== AOB ===

Discussion started by bdmurray at 16:50.




== People present (lines said) ==

 * bdmurray (73)
 * vorlon (62)
 * ubottu (37)
 * juliank (30)
 * jawn-smith (21)
 * alexghiti (21)
 * waveform (16)
 * slyon (14)
 * dbungert (12)
 * ogayot (11)
 * enr0n (9)
 * doko (8)
 * xypron (7)
 * schopin (6)
 * ginggs (6)
 * meetingology (2)
 * sil2100 (2)
 * mclemenceau (1)



== Full log ==


 16:00 <bdmurray> #startmeeting Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team

 16:00 <meetingology> Meeting started at 16:00:11 UTC.  The chair is bdmurray.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 16:00 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 16:00 <bdmurray> #topic Lightning Round

 16:00 * bdmurray shuffles names like cards

 16:00 <bdmurray> ogayot xypron jawn-smith vorlon schopin waveform alexghiti sil2100 enr0n juliank mwhudson ginggs doko dbungert slyon bdmurray

 16:00 <ogayot> * subiquity:

 16:00 <xypron> Still in call

 16:01 <ogayot> * consolidated API for UA contract token

 16:01 <ogayot> * still troubleshooting issues with overlays for third-party drivers

 16:01 <ogayot> * whoopsie / apport:

 16:01 <ogayot> * manual tests run in no-UI & UI mode

 16:01 <ogayot> * regression when running whoopsie in path-based activation mode only

 16:01 <ogayot> * working on another prototype with timer-based + path-based activation

 16:01 <ogayot> * merge of python-testtools

 16:01 <ogayot> * fix of mosquitto autopkgtest

 16:01 <ogayot> (done)

 16:01 <bdmurray> since xypron is still in a call lets move to the next person

 16:02 <jawn-smith> * ubuntu-image:

 16:02 <jawn-smith> * Created https://github.com/snapcore/snapd/pull/11355

 16:02 <ubottu> Pull 11355 in snapcore/snapd "seed,image: Changes necessary for ubuntu-image to support preseeding extra snaps in classic images" [Open]

 16:02 <jawn-smith> * Work done locally with full coverage for the ubuntu-image side of this

 16:02 <jawn-smith> * Testing these changes on lots of architectures

 16:02 <jawn-smith> * icu transition:

 16:02 <jawn-smith> * aegisub: has been removed from the archive

 16:02 <jawn-smith> * gspell: unrelated to icu. filed LP: #

 16:02 <jawn-smith> * icu-ext: fix-uploaded

 16:02 <jawn-smith> * libcolumbus: is unrelated to icu 70, but I uploaded a fix anyway. RISC-V still FTBFS

 16:02 <jawn-smith> * libsimpleini: just needed a rebuild

 16:02 <jawn-smith> * golang 1.18 transition:

 16:02 <jawn-smith> * golang 1.18 does not play nicely with lto. New version of golang 1.18 uploaded to my ppa

 16:02 <jawn-smith> * Once it has been published I will start no change rebuilds in my ppa

 16:02 <jawn-smith> * Assisting security team with golang-modules

 16:02 <jawn-smith> * LP: #1960083 include dirname in busybox to allow encrypted rootfs to boot again

 16:02 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1960083 in zfs-linux (Ubuntu) "dirname applet missing from initramfs" [Undecided, Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1960083

 16:02 <jawn-smith> * Proposed migration: ansible vs python3.10

 16:02 <jawn-smith> * submitted bug against dh-python for not cleaning broken symlinks

 16:02 <jawn-smith> * Thanks ginggs for helping identify that the behavior should be fixed in ansible instead and moving the bug

 16:02 <jawn-smith> [done]

 16:02 <xypron> Package cd-boot-images-riscv64 in preparation of installer images LP: #1960216

 16:02 <xypron> Analyzed autopkgtest problems of package keras. Opted for deletion LP: #1959918

 16:02 <xypron> Fix autopkgtests of package aiocoap: LP: #1959315

 16:02 <xypron> Start packaging jh17xx-tools for recovering VisionFive board

 16:02 <xypron> <done />

 16:02 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1960216 in Ubuntu "[needs-packaging] Package cd-boot-images-riscv64" [Wishlist, In Progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1960216

 16:02 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1959918 in keras (Ubuntu) "[REMOVE PACKAGE] keras" [Undecided, Fix Released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1959918

 16:02 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1959315 in aiocoap (Ubuntu) "autopackage tests fail" [Undecided, Fix Released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1959315

 16:03 <bdmurray> vorlon:

 16:04 <vorlon> * processing Debian package removals, which led to

 16:04 <vorlon> * reviewing our mlocate delta and porting it to plocate so that we can do the m/p-locate transition Debian has already done

 16:04 <vorlon> * needs an MIR for this new codebase, if someone is in need of MIR experience

 16:04 <vorlon> * spending some time on TB issues

 16:04 <vorlon> * working on NBS cleanups; removed php8.0 from release finally

 16:04 <vorlon> * doing interviews this week

 16:04 <vorlon> (done)

 16:04 <bdmurray> schopin:

 16:05 <schopin> * rustc: worked on rustc 1.58.1 for the MIR, with multitude of smaller items in there

 16:05 <schopin> * distro: worked on several packages for the Python 3.10 migration

 16:05 <schopin> (done)

 16:06 <bdmurray> waveform:

 16:06 <waveform> * Investigated pi-bluetooth issue on UC18, UC20, and UC22 on CM4, 4B

 16:06 <waveform> * .. unable to replicate on 4B

 16:06 <waveform> * .. replicated on CM4 under UC20 and UC18; fixed on UC20, left UC18 as CM4 isn't supported there

 16:06 <waveform> * Finished tentative fix for debhelper restart issue (LP: #1959054)

 16:06 <waveform> * Incorporated fix for ^^ into debhelper merge (LP: #1960248)

 16:06 <waveform> * .. fix needs sponsorship, but also serious testing for any affected packages

 16:06 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1959054 in libvirt (Ubuntu Jammy) "debhelper restarts services marked --no-restart-on-upgrade" [Undecided, Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1959054

 16:06 <waveform> * .. would also be good to grep the archive for any packages using --no-restart-{after,on}-upgrade in d/rules (how?)

 16:06 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1960248 in debhelper (Ubuntu) "Please merge debhelper 13.6 from Debian unstable." [Undecided, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1960248

 16:06 <waveform> * Merged extra interface changes to pi-gadget

 16:06 <waveform> * Cherry-picked Pi Zero 2, and interface changes across UC20 & 22 branches (for both supported archs)

 16:06 <waveform> * Merged a few outstanding PRs on pi-gadget (including better build docs \o/)

 16:06 <waveform> * Worked on updated "classic" and "desktop" branches of pi-gadget (sorry, still not *quite* done!)

 16:06 <waveform> * Verification of linux-firmware-raspi{,2} SRUs

 16:06 <waveform> * Analyzed memory usage of "bare+idle" server system (non-essential RSS hogs in desc. order: snapd=21-32MB, multipathd=16-17MB, unattended-upgrades-shutdown=12-16MB, fwupd=15MB, networkd-dispatcher=12-15MB)

 16:06 <waveform> * Pi meetings

 16:06 <waveform> (done)

 16:06 <alexghiti> PlusOne maintenance

 16:06 <alexghiti> Pytest fixed uploaded by ginggs

 16:06 <alexghiti> Pytest-mpi fixed by tox upload by ginggs

 16:06 <alexghiti> Pytest-skip-markers fixed by pyfakefs update (https://salsa.debian.org/python-team/packages/python-pyfakefs/-/merge_requests/1)

 16:06 <alexghiti> Python-ml-collection fixed uploaded by ginggs

 16:06 <ubottu> Merge 1 in python-team/packages/python-pyfakefs "Bump to new release 4.5.4" [Opened]

 16:06 <alexghiti> Q2cli: upstream fix not enough  https://github.com/qiime2/q2cli/pull/260

 16:06 <alexghiti> Shasta 0.8.0-1 always failed because of lack on memory in VM

 16:06 <alexghiti> Typer fixed by pytest-sugar https://github.com/Teemu/pytest-sugar/pull/231

 16:06 <ubottu> Pull 260 in qiime2/q2cli "dep: click8 support" [Open]

 16:06 <alexghiti> Pytest-sugar to upload

 16:06 <alexghiti> Unicycler fixed by spades update

 16:06 <alexghiti> Spades update ongoing

 16:06 <ubottu> Pull 231 in Teemu/pytest-sugar "Remove deprecation warning from using distutils" [Open]

 16:06 <alexghiti> Toil may not support python 3.10 (https://github.com/DataBiosphere/toil/pull/3967)

 16:06 <alexghiti> Python-pip  https://bugs.debian.org/cgi-bin/bugreport.cgi?bug=1004149

 16:06 <ubottu> Pull 3967 in DataBiosphere/toil "Add python 3.10 CI tests" [Open]

 16:06 <alexghiti> Libapache2-mod-python ongoing

 16:06 <alexghiti> Python-dugong ongoing

 16:06 <alexghiti> (done)

 16:06 <ubottu> Debian bug 1004149 in python3-pip "python3-pip: Build isolation breaks editable system-wide installs" [Normal, Open]

 16:07 <bdmurray> I'm not sure sil2100 is going to make it

 16:07 <bdmurray> enr0n:

 16:07 <enr0n> * MR merged for LP #1947581.

 16:07 <enr0n> * Working on MR for LP #1959458.

 16:07 <enr0n> * nanolyse vs python3-defaults (with bdmurray)

 16:07 <enr0n> - Was failing due to minimap2 issue (LP #1960028)

 16:07 <enr0n> - minimap2 in -proposed removed

 16:07 <enr0n> - nanolyse autopkgtest succeeds with python3.10 and previous minimap2 version

 16:07 <enr0n> * Administrative stuff

 16:07 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1947581 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu Jammy) "Download times for 1Mbit DSL connection and 56k modem are meaningless" [Medium, In Progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1947581

 16:07 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1959458 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu Jammy) "Lock screen disabling needs updating" [High, Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1959458

 16:07 <enr0n> (done)

 16:07 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1960028 in minimap2 (Ubuntu) "python3-mappy: undefined symbol ksw_extz2_sse on several architectures" [Undecided, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1960028

 16:08 <bdmurray> juliank:

 16:08 <juliank> * grub2 upstream work

 16:08 <juliank> * reviewed grub2 riscv patchset

 16:08 <juliank> * proposed-migration djangorestframework

 16:08 <juliank> * reviewed shim submissions from:

 16:08 <juliank> - Isoo (https://github.com/rhboot/shim-review/issues/202)

 16:08 <ubottu> Issue 202 in rhboot/shim-review "shim-15.4 for Isoo (2022-02-05)" [Open]

 16:08 <juliank> - OS ALT (accepted, https://github.com/rhboot/shim-review/issues/205)

 16:08 <ubottu> Issue 205 in rhboot/shim-review "shim-15.4 + fixes1 (ia32, x64) for OS ALT (Bazalt Svobodnoe Programmnoe Obespechenie, OOO)" [Open]

 16:08 <juliank> - Microsoft CBL-Mariner (accepted with caveats, https://github.com/rhboot/shim-review/issues/223)

 16:08 <ubottu> Issue 223 in rhboot/shim-review "Shim 15.4 + Critical Patches for CBL-Mariner 1.0 (cbl-mariner-shim-x64-20220107)" [Open]

 16:08 <juliank> * apt merges review

 16:08 <juliank> * lots of silly autopkgtest-cloud work to make amd64/i386 become more stable

 16:08 <juliank> - Retry stderr printing if we received EAGAIN :(

 16:08 <juliank> - Move /tmp/autopkgtest-run-wrapper to /var/tmp from /tmp, as the latter is deleted by systemd-tmpfiles which might run after we create the file

 16:08 <juliank> - use nova reboot to reboot in addition to reboot in the VM, to workaround broken network after reboot

 16:08 <juliank> - poked IS to restart OVS in lgw01

 16:08 <juliank> - set ConnectionAttempts=20 in auxverb to work around flaky networking

 16:08 <juliank> - limit our lcy01 workers to 20 (from 28) as IS instituted a limit there

 16:08 <juliank> - limit our code to only boot one new VM every 30 seconds (per cloud)

 16:08 <juliank> (done)

 16:09 <bdmurray> ginggs:

 16:09 <ginggs> * Working on FTBFS and autopkgtest regressions in Python 3.10-as-default transition

 16:09 <ginggs> * FTBFS reports

 16:09 <ginggs> * Sponsored some uploads; tox, pytest and python-ml-collections

 16:09 <ginggs> (done)

 16:09 <doko> - started the icu transistion

 16:09 <doko> - going on with the perl transition

 16:09 <doko> - currently handicapped by failing builds without logs. LP team is aware of this

 16:09 <doko> - package removals related to icu and perl

 16:09 <doko> (done)

 16:09 <dbungert> * +1: bobcat vs icmake - send partial fix upstream (debbug 1004986), upstream

 16:09 <dbungert> can reproduce core problem (endianness issue)

 16:09 <dbungert> * python3.10 vs oz: collections -> collections.abc, LP: #1960273

 16:09 <dbungert> * subiquity - update storage/v2 to require a gap object for partition creation,

 16:09 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1960273 in oz (Debian) "FTBFS against python 3.10" [Unknown, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1960273

 16:09 <dbungert> will be used later to control where on disk partitions are created

 16:09 <dbungert> * subiquity - pick up partial branches from mwhudson on partition editing

 16:09 <dbungert> * subiquity - fix issue where sensitive information could be logged to log

 16:09 <dbungert> files, and tighten permissions on files that subiquity writes

 16:09 <dbungert> (done)

 16:09 <slyon> - take-home test review

 16:09 <slyon> - MIR: improve protobuf-c packaging, to make it ready for main, LP: #1956617

 16:09 <slyon> - merged sudo (still having issues on autopkgtest.u.c, working locally)

 16:09 <slyon> - systemd SRU for OEM team (Impish + prep-work for Focal), LP: #1955997

 16:09 <slyon> === Netplan ===

 16:09 <slyon> - more release planning & initial testing

 16:09 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1956617 in protobuf-c (Ubuntu) "[MIR] protobuf-c" [Undecided, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1956617

 16:09 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1955997 in systemd (Ubuntu Impish) "The airplane hotkey has no function on a HP platform" [Undecided, In Progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1955997

 16:09 <slyon> - merged SmartNIC work https://github.com/canonical/netplan/pull/253 \o/

 16:09 <slyon> - reviewed & merged https://github.com/canonical/netplan/pull/259

 16:09 <slyon> - some discussions around OVS+GRE tunnel offloading

 16:09 <slyon> - experiemnts around netplan vs NetworkManager vs udev vs networkd allow-

 16:09 <slyon> and denylist integration, LP: #1951653

 16:09 <slyon> (done)

 16:09 <ubottu> Pull 253 in canonical/netplan "Enable eswitch mode setting on SmartNICs" [Merged]

 16:09 <ubottu> Pull 259 in canonical/netplan "Have ConfigManager cleanup its temporary directory on destruction (LP #1959729)" [Merged]

 16:09 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1951653 in netplan.io (Ubuntu) "can't use NM for ethernet device on 20.04 LTS because it is 'strictly unmanaged'" [High, Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1951653

 16:10 <bdmurray> review of and merging of the fix for LP: #1947581

 16:10 <bdmurray> searched for duplicates of the above bug too

 16:10 <bdmurray> reported bug regarding /boot partition sizing LP: #1959971

 16:10 <bdmurray> uploaded partman-auto for Focal with changes for the above

 16:10 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1947581 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu Jammy) "Download times for 1Mbit DSL connection and 56k modem are meaningless" [Medium, In Progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1947581

 16:10 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1959971 in partman-auto (Ubuntu Jammy) "increase /boot partition size" [High, Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1959971

 16:10 <bdmurray> modified ubuntu-release-upgrader fallback initrd size estimate

 16:10 <bdmurray> merged, uploaded software-properties MP regarding ppa.launchpadcontent.net

 16:10 <bdmurray> pinged IS regarding firewall rule change for the above

 16:10 <bdmurray> updated mirrors, demotions etc for ubuntu-release-upgrader for Jammy

 16:10 <bdmurray> investigation into germinate with -updates (LP: #1921862)

 16:10 <bdmurray> submitted removal request for lupin (LP: #1960457)

 16:10 <bdmurray> no change rebuild of minimap2 for python3.10

 16:10 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1921862 in livecd-rootfs (Ubuntu Impish) "Call germinate with -updates" [Undecided, Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1921862

 16:10 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1960457 in lupin (Ubuntu) "Please remove lupin from the archive" [Undecided, Incomplete] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1960457

 16:10 <bdmurray> reran nanolyse tests for the above

 16:10 <bdmurray> uploaded python-apt, ubuntu-release-upgrader for 20.04.4

 16:10 <bdmurray> met with ogayot regarding whoopsie and apport-noui

 16:10 <bdmurray> sru-reviews and releases

 16:10 <bdmurray> preparing for and conducting interviews

 16:10 <bdmurray> mentoring

 16:10 <bdmurray> ✔ done

 16:10 <bdmurray> any questions on status?

 16:12 <bdmurray> #topic Team proposed-migration report

 16:12 <bdmurray> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-jj-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 16:12 <vorlon> wrong #topic?

 16:13 <bdmurray> yes

 16:13 <bdmurray> #topic Release Incoming Bugs

 16:13 <bdmurray> bug 1960263

 16:13 <ubottu> Bug 1960263 in pillow (Ubuntu) "python-pil-doc fails to build in jammy" [High, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1960263

 16:14 <bdmurray> Is anybody looking at this with the the python3.10 transition?

 16:14 <bdmurray> It doesn't sound like it so lets just card it

 16:15 <ginggs> I was not aware of it, it did build recently on  2022-01-10

 16:15 <bdmurray> bug 1958720 is tagged server-todo so let's see if they get it done

 16:15 <ubottu> Bug 1958720 in pyyaml (Ubuntu) "python3-yaml and python3-six are not co-installable with python-is-python2 in jammy" [High, Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1958720

 16:16 <bdmurray> bug 1960089

 16:16 <ubottu> Bug 1960089 in ubiquity (Ubuntu Jammy) "Ubiquity Boot Partition for LVM needs to be 2.0 GB for 22.04LTS" [High, Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1960089

 16:16 <doko> there is no python-is-python2 in jammy anymore

 16:16 <bdmurray> doko: Can you comment on the bug?

 16:17 <bdmurray> As I understand it some users are installing multiple flavors of kernels (e.g. oem and stock) and /boot partition size calculation only provides room for one flavor of kernel.

 16:17 <bdmurray> And when someone's /boot partition becomes full it is a rather difficult situation to recover from.

 16:18 <bdmurray> vorlon: Do you have an opinion here?

 16:18 <vorlon> I could also write chunks of /dev/random to /boot and run it out of space but I don't think that's something we should be taking into consideration when sizing /boot at install time

 16:19 <vorlon> I do not think a user having two kernel metapackages installed in parallel is a supported use case

 16:19 <bdmurray> How will users know that though? It seems like an easy mistake to make.

 16:19 <schopin> Perhaps we could warn the user when installing a new kernel metapackage?

 16:20 <vorlon> how are these users coming up with the idea to manually install a different kernel metapackage than the one selected for them by the installer?

 16:20 <vorlon> you don't get there from the gui

 16:20 <vorlon> is someone giving bad advice on the Internet telling them to run apt?

 16:21 <dbungert> the user on that bug is making the case that they have users intentionally using 2 or 3 kernels

 16:21 <vorlon> schopin: the UX for being able to pop such a warning makes that difficult

 16:21 <juliank> you get two kernel flavors if you upgrade from oem, fwiw, but I'm not sure how this ends up in terms of kernel count

 16:21 <vorlon> dbungert: well, I think it's clearly intentional, I just don't think it's sensible

 16:21 <bdmurray> Ubuntu Studio users seem to switch between the lowlatency and generic kernel

 16:22 <juliank> Their calculation is off in any case

 16:22 <vorlon> bdmurray: anyway my view is that there needs to be a broader design discussion here, perhaps on ubuntu-devel, not buried in a bug report

 16:22 <juliank> as we keep 3 kernels, and our calculation is to allocate space for 2*3 kernels (and initrds)

 16:22 <dbungert> vorlon: I'm inclined to agree but with my installer hat on it's hard to know how to respond to this

 16:22 <bdmurray> Yeah, I'd use our calculation but just adjust it for 2 kernel flavors if appropriate

 16:22 <juliank> historically

 16:23 <vorlon> juliank: AIUI you end up with two kernel metapackages but one is supposed to be a dummy pointing to the other, and any resulting increase in installed kernels is a bug

 16:23 <juliank> it should be

 16:23 <schopin> can flavours hook into the installer at this stage?

 16:23 <bdmurray> Okay, I'll suggest they bring it up on the ubuntu-devel mailing list.

 16:24 <juliank> Please point to the old bug with the calculation we did

 16:24 <juliank> :)

 16:24 <juliank> Well cyphermox did I think

 16:24 <vorlon> the most recent calculations in u-r-u are mine working with bdmurray, AFAIK

 16:24 <bdmurray> I did in our irc chat about it

 16:24 <juliank> also we do have a card to reevaluate size of /boot already, no?

 16:25 <bdmurray> juliank: yes, its assigned to me and I upload partman-auto for focal. I'm waiting on impression for compression decsisions

 16:25 <juliank> ok

 16:25 <bdmurray> s/impression/jammy/

 16:25 <bdmurray> okay so bug 1959362

 16:25 <ubottu> Bug 1959362 in ubiquity (Ubuntu) "'Launch using dedicated graphics card' option absent (nvidia, proprietary drivers, on-demand PRIME mode)" [Undecided, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1959362

 16:26 <bdmurray> Let's ask seb if they are working on it

 16:26 <bdmurray> bug 1960255

 16:26 <ubottu> Bug 1960255 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu) "Prevent do-release-upgrades on P8 systems from focal or impish to jammy" [Undecided, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1960255

 16:26 <vorlon> - Setup a password for Secure Boot MOK enrollment

 16:26 <vorlon> sorry, that's on the ubiquity bug

 16:26 <juliank> u-r-u that's a no-brainer

 16:26 <vorlon> does that mean ubiquity failed to get the signed nvidia drivers for them?

 16:27 <bdmurray> Yes, there has been similar work done with u-r-u so let's target and card that.

 16:27 <vorlon> (but yes, desktop can have it for now)

 16:27 <juliank> the nvidia issue happens occassionally I think

 16:27 <vorlon> :|

 16:27 <juliank> I've seen other bugs about that in the past weeks, I think they're working on those

 16:28 <bdmurray> bug 1959759

 16:28 <ubottu> Bug 1959759 in linux-firmware-raspi (Ubuntu) "Please remove bluez-firmware from sync denylist" [Undecided, Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1959759

 16:29 <bdmurray> that has ubuntu-archive subscribed to it, is that enough?

 16:29 <vorlon> that's in the ubuntu-archive team queue, I don't think it belongs in the rls-jj-incoming escalation path

 16:29 <bdmurray> okay

 16:31 <bdmurray> #link https://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ii-incoming-bug-tasks.html

 16:31 <bdmurray> bug 1959085

 16:31 <ubottu> Bug 1959085 in initramfs-tools (Ubuntu) "Ubuntu 21.10 boot stuck in initramfs" [Undecided, Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1959085

 16:33 <bdmurray> let's add a zfsutils task and let the kernel team look at it

 16:34 <vorlon> added

 16:34 <bdmurray> the rls-ff-incoming list just has the /boot size bug

 16:34 <bdmurray> so that's it from bugs

 16:34 <bdmurray> #topic Team proposed-migration report

 16:34 <vorlon> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs

 16:34 <vorlon> 126 packages needing attention, 14 packages not yet considered late

 16:34 <vorlon> looks quite dire

 16:35 <vorlon> the first couple are ruby-defaults, --> server team

 16:35 <vorlon> python-click is the mailman3 issue, which is with mwhudson and unblocked now (we will remove mailman3 as Debian has)

 16:35 <bdmurray> Is there / does there need to be a bug opened for that?

 16:35 <vorlon> python3-defaults is looking much better, with only a short list of blockers; are these all assigned out or otherwise in progress?

 16:35 <vorlon> bdmurray: we will need a removal bug with ubuntu-archive subscribed

 16:36 <bdmurray> No, we did not assign everything out

 16:36 <vorlon> so I have barbican assigned to me and I think I would like to pass it on to someone else

 16:36 <doko> it's now clarified that we want to remove mailman3

 16:36 <vorlon> LP: #1959626

 16:36 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1959626 in barbican (Ubuntu) "barbican autopkgtests fail with python3.10" [Undecided, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1959626

 16:36 <slyon> I can take that

 16:36 <alexghiti> Regarding python3-default: I am taking a look at all the packages after pytest

 16:36 <bdmurray> the mosquitto ones will just need retrying with python3-defaults

 16:36 <vorlon> slyon: thanks

 16:37 <vorlon> when apache2 is restarted with libpython3.10 loaded, the wsgi requests hang with no useful logs

 16:37 <vorlon> so someone more conversant with wsgi should look at it

 16:37 <vorlon> I'll have a look at faiss since it's ppc64el

 16:38 <vorlon> alexghiti: are you still working on libapache2-mod-python?  looks like you were assigned to it last week

 16:38 <alexghiti> vorlon: Yes, apache2 segfault and I struggle to understand why

 16:38 <alexghiti> I want to update the package to see if it helps

 16:38 <vorlon> ok

 16:39 <vorlon> then it sounds like the remaining blockers are handled

 16:39 <vorlon> then we have a series of packages waiting for python3 and/or ruby...

 16:39 <ginggs> LP: #1960088 is tagged server-todo

 16:39 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1960088 in libapache2-mod-python (Ubuntu) "a) 'collections' has no attribute 'callable'; b) PY_SSIZE_T_CLEAN" [Undecided, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1960088

 16:40 <alexghiti> Ahah thanks, same segfault as mine

 16:41 <vorlon> media-types has a python3.9 autopkgtest regression on ppc64el, I'll look at this it's probably a false positive (and ultimately ignorable because python3.9)

 16:41 <vorlon> opensbi, I heard some back chatter about this - alexghiti are you working on this?

 16:41 <alexghiti> Yes, I'll do that next week

 16:41 <vorlon> thanks

 16:42 <vorlon> linux-firmware-raspi, is this blocked by bluez-firmware or something else?

 16:44 <vorlon> "unsatisfiable dependency" so I assume it's related and already handled, moving on

 16:44 <vorlon> and then we start getting into autopkgtest waits (libwww-perl)

 16:44 <vorlon> initramfs-tools vs klibc warrants someone looking at it

 16:45 <vorlon> ogayot: could you look at initramfs-tools/klibc?

 16:45 <ogayot> sure

 16:45 <vorlon> xypron: could you look at pillow?

 16:46 <xypron> ok

 16:46 <vorlon> glibc, I'm not sure the status of these, I'll skip over them for now

 16:47 <vorlon> oh, python3.9/ppc64el also blocking glibc, that's fun; I'll certainly look at that one

 16:47 <vorlon> systemd autopkgtest blocking linux-meta-aws, jawn-smith can you look?

 16:47 <jawn-smith> sure

 16:48 <vorlon> cross-toolchain-base: schopin?

 16:48 <schopin> ack

 16:48 <vorlon> cdebconf: waveform?

 16:48 <waveform> vorlon, ack

 16:48 <vorlon> busybox vs. casper: sil2100 ?

 16:49 <dbungert> casper issue is a known problem, I suggest retest

 16:49 <vorlon> gdbm: enr0n?

 16:49 <sil2100> vorlon: ACK o/

 16:49 <enr0n> can do

 16:49 <sil2100> ...or just a re-test then

 16:49 <vorlon> and then there are piles of perl stuff I'm not going to dig into

 16:49 <vorlon> sorry I didn't find enough to assign one to everyone

 16:50 <vorlon> but if you didn't get one feel free to dive in and grab something else to look at :)

 16:50 <vorlon> bdmurray:

 16:50 <bdmurray> #topic AOB

 16:50 <bdmurray> I believe Monday is a US holiday

 16:50 <slyon> I'll be off tomorrow

 16:50 <mclemenceau> isn't it next Monday?

 16:51 <doko> fix  zeek, zzuf ftbfs please

 16:51 <jawn-smith> It's the day after the super bowl, which should be a holiday :)

 16:51 <bdmurray> Oh, I'm off by one

 16:51 <bdmurray> Okay, if there is nothing else.

 16:51 <bdmurray> Thanks everybody.

 16:52 <bdmurray> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)