== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team meeting, started by jawn-smith, 08 Sep at 15:00 &mdash; 15:35 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2022/ubuntu-meeting.2022-09-08-15.00.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

 * ''LINK:'' https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/foundations-team-updates-thursday-08-september-2022/30472/   (jawn-smith, 15:00)

=== Release incoming bugs ===

Discussion started by jawn-smith at 15:08.

 * ''LINK:'' https://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-kk-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs   (jawn-smith, 15:08)
 * ''LINK:'' https://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-jj-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs   (jawn-smith, 15:17)

=== Team proposed-migration report ===

Discussion started by jawn-smith at 15:20.

 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs   (jawn-smith, 15:20)

=== AOB ===

Discussion started by jawn-smith at 15:23.




== People present (lines said) ==

 * jawn-smith (34)
 * vorlon (15)
 * bdmurray (7)
 * ubottu (4)
 * enr0n (3)
 * schopin (3)
 * meetingology (2)
 * ogayot (2)
 * sil2100 (1)
 * waveform (1)



== Full log ==


 15:00 <jawn-smith> #startmeeting Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team

 15:00 <meetingology> Meeting started at 15:00:26 UTC.  The chair is jawn-smith.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 15:00 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 15:00 <ogayot> o/

 15:00 <jawn-smith> The weekly status is here:

 15:00 <jawn-smith> https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/foundations-team-updates-thursday-08-september-2022/30472/

 15:00 <jawn-smith> Let's take our usual time to read and ask questions

 15:02 <sil2100> o/

 15:05 <bdmurray> Congrats to enr0n on joining ubuntu-bugcontrol

 15:05 <jawn-smith> \o/

 15:05 <enr0n> \o/

 15:05 <ogayot> congrats!

 15:06 <jawn-smith> Any other questions?

 15:08 <jawn-smith> #topic Release incoming bugs

 15:08 <jawn-smith> #link https://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-kk-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 15:08 <jawn-smith> kk has a few to go over

 15:08 <jawn-smith> bug 1988710

 15:08 <ubottu> Bug 1988710 in qemu (Ubuntu) "qemu FTBFS with GCC 12" [High, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1988710

 15:09 <jawn-smith> This bug mentions needing d_oko, who is on holiday for a while

 15:10 <jawn-smith> But qemu FTBFS is pretty important, so perhaps someone else should look at it

 15:10 <bdmurray> Is there somebody else familiar with gcc?

 15:10 <jawn-smith> schopin says he knows this error

 15:11 <jawn-smith> so let's card it and schopin can work on it

 15:11 <jawn-smith> bug 1097467

 15:11 <ubottu> Bug 1097467 in bash (Ubuntu) "bash does not fulfill --rcfile option properly" [Undecided, Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1097467

 15:12 <jawn-smith> We discussed this one last week, and agreed it was a d_oko issue

 15:12 <jawn-smith> So let's just leave that in the queue

 15:12 <jawn-smith> waveform: any objections to deferring that again?

 15:12 <waveform> no, it's not urgent and I've already worked around it in pexpect

 15:13 <jawn-smith> excellent

 15:13 <jawn-smith> bug 1988657

 15:13 <ubottu> Bug 1988657 in systemd (Ubuntu) "VLAN gets IP address assignment from parent device when using 'match macaddress'" [Undecided, Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1988657

 15:13 * vorlon waves

 15:13 <schopin> I confirmed and reproduced the issue, I'm just not sure of the severity of it.

 15:14 <jawn-smith> Any opinions on the severity?

 15:14 <jawn-smith> enr0n: seems to be a systemd issue, do you think this should be fixed?

 15:15 <enr0n> jawn-smith: reading now, this is the first I've seen it

 15:15 <schopin> The fact that it's been an issue since bionic and only noticed now makes me think it's a fairly niche configuration.

 15:15 <enr0n> jawn-smith: In any case, I would say its low. Sounds like they have a work around at least

 15:16 <jawn-smith> Okay, let's replace the tag with not-fixed

 15:16 <bdmurray> notfixing

 15:16 <vorlon> "Microchip polarfire icicle" - is alexghiti accidentally pasting his passphrases into his weekly report?

 15:17 <jawn-smith> That's it for kk

 15:17 <jawn-smith> #link https://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-jj-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 15:17 <bdmurray> Did somebody set the importance to low?

 15:17 <bdmurray> maybe enr0n with his new superpoers

 15:18 <jawn-smith> bug 1988398

 15:18 <ubottu> Bug 1988398 in gnutls28 (Ubuntu) "crash due to incomplete AVX check" [Undecided, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1988398

 15:19 <schopin> Sounds like something we want.

 15:19 <jawn-smith> This sounds like a good candidate for the person who starts on Monday. Let's leave it in the queue for now and discuss it when they're on the meeting next week

 15:20 <jawn-smith> rls-ff is empty!

 15:20 <jawn-smith> #topic Team proposed-migration report

 15:20 <jawn-smith> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs

 15:20 <jawn-smith> vorlon:

 15:20 <vorlon> jawn-smith: are you keeping python-secretstorage?

 15:21 <jawn-smith> Sure, but I might pester some infrastructure experts

 15:21 * vorlon nods

 15:22 <vorlon> secretstorage is horrible from experience fwiw; launchpadlib uses it and I sometimes get different behavior from tools at the commandline vs running lp-shell and it is infuriating

 15:22 <vorlon> had an issue a few weeks ago where it was randomly asking me to use kwallet

 15:22 <vorlon> so, good luck

 15:22 <vorlon> and lintian is still waiting on MIRs

 15:23 <vorlon> which appear to currently be in the security team's hands, so no action for us

 15:23 <vorlon> and that's all the packages that are old enough

 15:23 <vorlon> newer stuff is probably largely blocked by amd64 autopkgtest infra issues

 15:23 <vorlon> (hopefully clearing soon!)

 15:23 <vorlon> jawn-smith:

 15:23 <jawn-smith> #topic AOB

 15:24 <vorlon> I'm out on medical leave from next Tuesday to (at least) Thursday

 15:24 <bdmurray> vorlon: what needs to happen with https://launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/nrepl-clojure/+changelog ?

 15:24 <bdmurray> it dropped builds for ppc64el and s390x

 15:25 <vorlon> bdmurray: then I suppose an AA needs to remove the old binaries, if they're no longer depended on

 15:35 <jawn-smith> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)