== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Ubuntu Technical Board meeting, started by sil2100, 18 Oct at 19:15 &mdash; 19:28 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2022/ubuntu-meeting.2022-10-18-19.15.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== Action review ===

Discussion started by sil2100 at 19:15.


=== Check up on community bugs (standing item) ===

Discussion started by sil2100 at 19:16.


=== Scan the mailing list archive for anything we missed (standing item) ===

Discussion started by sil2100 at 19:17.


=== AOB ===

Discussion started by sil2100 at 19:21.




== People present (lines said) ==

 * sil2100 (15)
 * vorlon (7)
 * rbasak (6)
 * meetingology (2)



== Full log ==


 19:15 <sil2100> #startmeeting Ubuntu Technical Board

 19:15 <meetingology> Meeting started at 19:15:26 UTC.  The chair is sil2100.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 19:15 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 19:15 <sil2100> #topic Action review

 19:15 <sil2100> I suppose no sense to go through all of those, I think we already said those are still in progress

 19:15 <sil2100> Release makes it slower

 19:16 <sil2100> #topic Check up on community bugs (standing item)

 19:16 <sil2100> Okay, I see no new open bugs at least

 19:17 <sil2100> #topic Scan the mailing list archive for anything we missed (standing item)

 19:17 <sil2100> I suppose there's no new items

 19:17 <vorlon> I guess one minor thing there since you're the two other Canonicalers on the TB

 19:18 <vorlon> do either of you want to open an RT so I'm not a SPOF on the UES calendar?

 19:18 <sil2100> I think the TB elections are for next month

 19:18 <rbasak> On the topic of the calendar, vorlon I wonder if it's easier for you to just delete the existing recurring event and we can create a fresh one that we all can edit?

 19:18 <rbasak> I don't mind filing an RT either, but I'm not clear on exactly what to ask for.

 19:18 <vorlon> I'm not sure if that's better or worse than the status quo, where I have granted you edit access to the recurring event

 19:19 <vorlon> rbasak: basically, edit access to the calendar that owns this event

 19:19 <vorlon> which I think is better than changing it to be an event I personally own

 19:19 <rbasak> Ah I can edit it

 19:19 <rbasak> I just fixed the meeting location

 19:20 <sil2100> Can we edit the dates as well?

 19:20 <vorlon> as long as you do it in the context of this recurring event yes!

 19:20 <rbasak> Do we need anything further then?

 19:21 <sil2100> I think this is good enough to me

 19:21 <sil2100> Okay, I think that's it for the ML items

 19:21 <sil2100> #topic AOB

 19:21 <sil2100> Anything else to discuss?

 19:21 <rbasak> Nothing from me. Thanks!

 19:23 <vorlon> thanks!

 19:28 <sil2100> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)