== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status meeting, started by slyon, 06 Dec at 15:38 &mdash; 15:58 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2022/ubuntu-meeting.2022-12-06-15.38.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== current component mismatches ===

Discussion started by slyon at 15:38.

 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg   (slyon, 15:39)
 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg   (slyon, 15:39)

=== New MIRs ===

Discussion started by slyon at 15:41.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=NEW&field.status%3Alist=CONFIRMED&assignee_option=none&field.assignee=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (slyon, 15:41)

=== Incomplete bugs / questions ===

Discussion started by slyon at 15:54.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (slyon, 15:54)

=== MIR related Security Review Queue ===

Discussion started by slyon at 15:55.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-security/+bugs?field.searchtext=%5BMIR%5D&assignee_option=choose&field.assignee=ubuntu-security&field.bug_reporter=&field.bug_commenter=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (slyon, 15:55)

=== Any other business? ===

Discussion started by slyon at 15:57.




== People present (lines said) ==

 * slyon (53)
 * sarnold (11)
 * didrocks (9)
 * joalif (8)
 * meetingology (2)



== Full log ==


 15:38 <slyon> #startmeeting Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status

 15:38 <meetingology> Meeting started at 15:38:50 UTC.  The chair is slyon.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 15:38 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 15:38 <slyon> Ping for MIR meeting - didrocks joalif slyon sarnold cpaelzer jamespage

 15:38 <slyon> #topic current component mismatches

 15:39 <slyon> Mission: Identify required actions and spread the load among the teams

 15:39 <slyon> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg

 15:39 <slyon> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg

 15:39 <slyon> c-m looks all known

 15:39 <didrocks> hey o/

 15:39 <slyon> c-m-p: duktape is in progres ( well at least we have a dummy and responsible team)

 15:40 <slyon> libnet-libidn2-perl: I marked this as a false positive, might need some hinting in proposed-migration, once the big perl transition is resolving

 15:40 <slyon> pkgconf migration from pkgconfig: I'll be escalating this to the foundations team

 15:40 <slyon> other than that it all looks sane IMO

 15:41 <slyon> #topic New MIRs

 15:41 <slyon> Mission: ensure to assign all incoming reviews for fast processing

 15:41 <slyon> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=NEW&field.status%3Alist=CONFIRMED&assignee_option=none&field.assignee=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 15:41 <slyon> bug #1998095 my escalation via rls-incoming

 15:42 <slyon> bug #1997578 there's an update for joalif

 15:42 <joalif> liblc3 is ok, i've done the review

 15:42 <joalif> And since we dont want tools in main

 15:42 <joalif> Is good to go without sec review

 15:43 <slyon> so could you update the status to "in progress"?

 15:43 <joalif> Sure thing

 15:43 <slyon> thanks, the desktop team can then move ahead and pull it in as a dependency

 15:43 <slyon> bug #1998862

 15:44 <slyon> do we have any volunteer to do this review?

 15:44 <slyon> (I'll be EOY early next week, so not volunteering)

 15:45 <sarnold> \o/

 15:45 <joalif> I'd rather not becauae i'm overloaded with seg stuff

 15:45 <sarnold> (celebrating, not volunteering :)

 15:45 <didrocks> I’ll be EOY in few hours :p

 15:46 <didrocks> so if it can wait next year, I’m ok taking it

 15:46 <slyon> they want it by feb 23

 15:46 <didrocks> sounds good enough, I’ll take it

 15:46 <slyon> so thanks, didrocks, I'll sign you up for it

 15:46 <didrocks> yep!

 15:47 <slyon> ok

 15:47 <slyon> I think we have some extra MIRs that are not on the list, but were mentioned by seb128 on ubuntu-release@:

 15:47 <slyon> bug #1979121

 15:47 <slyon> bug #1973031

 15:47 <slyon> bug #1973033

 15:48 <slyon> all of those are for Jammy (already in main for the current release)

 15:48 <slyon> didrocks: any Idea how we could make them show up on the report to be handled next year, so we won't forget about it?

 15:49 <didrocks> I think we can filter "New" on a specific release

 15:49 <didrocks> but easy to miss

 15:49 <didrocks> I’m sure seb will remind us about it :)

 15:49 <sarnold> alternatively could we handle it now?

 15:50 <slyon> sarnold: well, we could

 15:50 <slyon> actually I like that idea

 15:51 <sarnold> all three feel like they make sense to me; the web-pixbuf-loader has been SRU'd back, the other two *could* be SRU'd back; I think I'd like them to be SRU'd back rather than the older versions just silently promoted, but that could be done at the desktop team's speed / desires / etc ..

 15:51 <slyon> two of them had been handled by cpaelzer, one by didrocks.

 15:52 <slyon> we should probably spread it out to cpaelzer, joalif and myself as didrocks already got one review

 15:52 <slyon> joalif: do you have any preference?

 15:52 <joalif> Nope, i can take any of them

 15:52 <slyon> also, this is to be handled next year, and the review already got done for a newer release, so we just need to doublecheck if it makes sense for jammy

 15:52 <sarnold> ah, sorry, I meant more along the lines of acking the idea and not necessarily doing any re-review work :) heh

 15:53 <slyon> ok: webp-pixbuf-loader -> cpaelzer

 15:53 <slyon> sarnold: well I feel like doing a quick sanity check would be useful

 15:53 <sarnold> aha, okay

 15:53 <slyon> libwpe -> joalif

 15:54 <slyon> wpebackend-fdo -> slyon

 15:54 <slyon> #topic Incomplete bugs / questions

 15:54 <slyon> Mission: Identify required actions and spread the load among the teams

 15:54 <slyon> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 15:54 <slyon> nothing new

 15:55 <slyon> #topic MIR related Security Review Queue

 15:55 <slyon> Mission: Check on progress, do deadlines seem doable?

 15:55 <slyon> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-security/+bugs?field.searchtext=%5BMIR%5D&assignee_option=choose&field.assignee=ubuntu-security&field.bug_reporter=&field.bug_commenter=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 15:55 <slyon> sarnold: how is the reviews/week rate looking right now?

 15:55 <sarnold> I'm happy to report that aburrage is aware of the pending cliff, and has said in the new year we'll be able to spread the review tasks over more people :) so it's no longer feeling quite so impossible

 15:56 <sarnold> no progress has been made in the previous week, and I suspect none will be made before EOY

 15:57 <sarnold> I think that's it from me

 15:57 <slyon> thanks for the update.

 15:57 <slyon> #topic Any other business?

 15:57 <joalif> Nothing

 15:57 <slyon> This will be my last MIR meeting this year. will be EOY early next week (as stated before)

 15:57 <sarnold> next week is my last mir tea meeting of the year

 15:58 <sarnold> will anyone else be there? :) heh

 15:58 <slyon> So: Happy holidays everybody!

 15:58 <didrocks> Happy holidays MIR team! :)

 15:58 <joalif> Happy holidays slyon !

 15:58 <slyon> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)