== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status meeting, started by cpaelzer, 27 Sep at 14:34 &mdash; 14:47 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2022/ubuntu-meeting.2022-09-27-14.34.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== current component mismatches ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 14:34.

 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg   (cpaelzer, 14:34)
 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg   (cpaelzer, 14:34)

=== New MIRs ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 14:35.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=NEW&field.status%3Alist=CONFIRMED&assignee_option=none&field.assignee=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (cpaelzer, 14:35)

=== Incomplete bugs / questions ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 14:41.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (cpaelzer, 14:41)

=== MIR related Security Review Queue ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 14:42.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-security/+bugs?field.searchtext=%5BMIR%5D&assignee_option=choose&field.assignee=ubuntu-security&field.bug_reporter=&field.bug_commenter=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (cpaelzer, 14:42)
 * ''LINK:'' https://warthogs.atlassian.net/jira/software/c/projects/SEC/boards/594   (cpaelzer, 14:42)

=== Any other business? ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 14:46.




== People present (lines said) ==

 * cpaelzer (64)
 * sarnold (13)
 * didrocks (7)
 * schopin (6)
 * joalif (3)
 * meetingology (2)
 * ubottu (1)



== Full log ==


 14:34 <cpaelzer> #startmeeting Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status

 14:34 <meetingology> Meeting started at 14:34:24 UTC.  The chair is cpaelzer.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 14:34 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 14:34 <cpaelzer> Ping for MIR meeting - didrocks joalif slyon sarnold cpaelzer jamespage

 14:34 <cpaelzer> #topic current component mismatches

 14:34 <cpaelzer> Mission: Identify required actions and spread the load among the teams

 14:34 <cpaelzer> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg

 14:34 <cpaelzer> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg

 14:34 <cpaelzer> nothing new AFAICS

 14:35 <cpaelzer> \o/

 14:35 <didrocks> yeah, the list looks really clean for once!

 14:35 <cpaelzer> at least one thing that all the freezes make easier :-)

 14:35 <sarnold> hehe yeah :)

 14:35 <didrocks> heh :)

 14:35 <cpaelzer> #topic New MIRs

 14:35 <cpaelzer> Mission: ensure to assign all incoming reviews for fast processing

 14:35 <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=NEW&field.status%3Alist=CONFIRMED&assignee_option=none&field.assignee=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 14:35 <cpaelzer> we have https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/libgit2/+bug/1990655

 14:35 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1990655 in http-parser (Ubuntu) "MIR: libgit2, http-parser" [High, New]

 14:35 <cpaelzer> by schopin

 14:36 <cpaelzer> dependencies for cargo

 14:36 <sarnold> nice bug description

 14:36 <cpaelzer> needs a reviewer each

 14:36 <cpaelzer> yeah this looks well prepared

 14:37 <didrocks> I can take libgit2

 14:37 <cpaelzer> thanks didrocks

 14:37 <cpaelzer> I would, but currently my life and work is more insane than usual, so I'd prefer to skip this time :-/

 14:37 <cpaelzer> joalif: could I convince you to take http-parser?

 14:38 <schopin> code-wise http-parser is simpler, but there are ecosystem issues with it.

 14:38 <joalif> yup looking

 14:38 <cpaelzer> hmm, unmaintained by upstream

 14:38 <cpaelzer> I see schopin

 14:39 <cpaelzer> do you happen to know if cargo plans to move elsewhere sooner or later?

 14:39 <cpaelzer> htanks joalif

 14:39 <schopin> the dep chain is cargo -> libgit2 -> http-parser

 14:39 <schopin> cargo might move to a rust implem of Git at some point but that's still a way off.

 14:40 <didrocks> thanks for the background info!

 14:40 <schopin> libgit2 is aware of http-parser being unmaintained, and is vaguely considering lhttp

 14:41 <cpaelzer> which isn't packaged at all atm :-/

 14:41 <cpaelzer> so this might end up in a circle

 14:41 <cpaelzer> well, let us look at all of the rest

 14:41 <cpaelzer> and then dsicuss to what extend that is a no-go and/or what options we have

 14:41 <cpaelzer> going on here ...

 14:41 <cpaelzer> #topic Incomplete bugs / questions

 14:41 <cpaelzer> Mission: Identify required actions and spread the load among the teams

 14:41 <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 14:41 <cpaelzer> just tuned which didrocks put back on the reporter

 14:42 <cpaelzer> as there was just too much required the ask is to complete all that

 14:42 <cpaelzer> before e.g. entering security review

 14:42 <cpaelzer> anything else is older

 14:42 <cpaelzer> #topic MIR related Security Review Queue

 14:42 <cpaelzer> Mission: Check on progress, do deadlines seem doable?

 14:42 <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-security/+bugs?field.searchtext=%5BMIR%5D&assignee_option=choose&field.assignee=ubuntu-security&field.bug_reporter=&field.bug_commenter=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 14:42 <cpaelzer> Internal link

 14:42 <cpaelzer> - ensure your teams items are prioritized among each other as you'd expect

 14:42 <cpaelzer> - ensure community requests do not get stomped by teams calling for favors too much

 14:42 <cpaelzer> #link https://warthogs.atlassian.net/jira/software/c/projects/SEC/boards/594

 14:42 <cpaelzer> well, obviously I ask sarnold about mdevctl now

 14:43 <cpaelzer> this is the week you promised - will I be happy in 30 seconds or not?

 14:43 <sarnold> unfortunately I left yesterday without having succesfully done a fake update :(

 14:43 <cpaelzer> not seeing a but update ... *drumroll* ...

 14:43 <cpaelzer> given how far in the cycle we are, we can't really go without

 14:43 <cpaelzer> do you have any new ETA?

 14:43 <cpaelzer> so that it can migrate after beta freeze is lifted maybe

 14:44 <sarnold> I'm leaning towards waving this through on the grounds that it's replacing a shell script..

 14:44 <sarnold> but I really don't like being in the position of saying I don't have a clue how to do a rust update

 14:44 <cpaelzer> so as long as we are replacing worse code we are kind of ok

 14:44 <cpaelzer> I can go on like that for now

 14:45 <sarnold> yay, athos has replied to my email :)

 14:45 <cpaelzer> he usually is super-quick

 14:45 <sarnold> :D

 14:45 <cpaelzer> We avoid stealing any of the "oh this is delayed because of me" feeling :-P

 14:45 <sarnold> this is detailed enough it'll be easy for me to validate them by the end of my day :D

 14:45 <cpaelzer> \o/

 14:45 <sarnold> you gotta teach me that trick

 14:45 <cpaelzer> from next week -> EOD

 14:46 <cpaelzer> ok nothing else in that list that concerns me for this cycle

 14:46 <cpaelzer> no one else has spken

 14:46 <cpaelzer> so ...

 14:46 <cpaelzer> #topic Any other business?

 14:46 <didrocks> none!

 14:46 <sarnold> none here

 14:46 <joalif> nothing

 14:46 <cpaelzer> nothing else from me, other than enjoy the time - once LL opens there will be a lot (I'm sure)

 14:46 <sarnold> hehe

 14:46 <didrocks> never ending storyâ€¦ :)

 14:47 <cpaelzer> ok then, not making this longer than needed

 14:47 <schopin> don't worry, I'll have a new MIR for y'all shortly

 14:47 <cpaelzer> thank you all!

 14:47 <didrocks> thanks!

 14:47 <sarnold> schopin: woot :)

 14:47 <sarnold> thanks cpaelzer, all :)

 14:47 <schopin> cargo has quite a few deps...

 14:47 <joalif> thanks cpaelzer, all :)

 14:47 * cpaelzer knows about a nice two digit MIRs coming from sevrer team too

 14:47 <cpaelzer> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)