== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Ubuntu Technical Board meeting, started by cyphermox, 11 Oct at 19:06 &mdash; 19:28 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2022/ubuntu-meeting.2022-10-11-19.06.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== Action review ===

Discussion started by cyphermox at 19:06.


=== Definition of our third party repository policy. See https://docs.google.com/document/d/1apUKR4gtOrfPGCWmtoebaQUhoy-fG8Cyo3VKJyhnpD0/edit ===

Discussion started by cyphermox at 19:11.

 * ''LINK:'' https://docs.google.com/document/d/1apUKR4gtOrfPGCWmtoebaQUhoy-fG8Cyo3VKJyhnpD0/edit#   (cyphermox, 19:12)

=== Scan the mailing list archive for anything we missed (standing item) ===

Discussion started by cyphermox at 19:13.


=== Check up on community bugs (standing item) ===

Discussion started by cyphermox at 19:17.


=== Select a chair for the next meeting (next from https://launchpad.net/~techboard/+members) ===

Discussion started by cyphermox at 19:20.


=== AOB ===

Discussion started by cyphermox at 19:23.




== People present (lines said) ==

 * cyphermox (33)
 * rbasak (13)
 * meetingology (2)
 * sil2100 (2)



== Full log ==


 19:06 <cyphermox> #startmeeting Ubuntu Technical Board

 19:06 <meetingology> Meeting started at 19:06:23 UTC.  The chair is cyphermox.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 19:06 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 19:06 <cyphermox> #topic Action review

 19:07 <cyphermox> guess this is all still in motion, as rbasak mentioned?

 19:07 <rbasak> Ubuntu Unity is done I think

 19:07 <rbasak> The rest is in progress or pending I think

 19:08 <rbasak> Same with the third party repository policy

 19:08 <cyphermox> yeah I'm looking at the last agenda, seems right

 19:09 <cyphermox> should I just continue and we make this meeting short?

 19:09 <cyphermox> fwiw, I had re-pinged the CC for the elections

 19:11 <cyphermox> okay

 19:11 <cyphermox> #topic Definition of our third party repository policy. See https://docs.google.com/document/d/1apUKR4gtOrfPGCWmtoebaQUhoy-fG8Cyo3VKJyhnpD0/edit

 19:12 <rbasak> Still in progress

 19:12 <cyphermox> #link https://docs.google.com/document/d/1apUKR4gtOrfPGCWmtoebaQUhoy-fG8Cyo3VKJyhnpD0/edit#

 19:12 <cyphermox> rbasak: thanks!

 19:12 <rbasak> I am speaking to people and have been gathering feedback.

 19:12 <cyphermox> fwiw, it just threw me an "access denied"

 19:12 <cyphermox> nah nevermind

 19:12 <cyphermox> it was a misclick

 19:13 <cyphermox> #topic Scan the mailing list archive for anything we missed (standing item)

 19:14 <cyphermox> the schedule for elections is already adequately covered, I think?

 19:14 <cyphermox> and then there's Steve's request to switch the schedule back

 19:15 <rbasak> Are we all agreed on Steve's proposed new schedule?

 19:15 <cyphermox> tbh, I'm really *really* bad with the meeting being every two weeks, because I often am double-booked or not in a position to be on IRC, but it's on my to fix myself harder

 19:15 <cyphermox> I'm okay with the schedule change

 19:15 <rbasak> I already provided my +1 on the ML.

 19:15 <sil2100> +1 on the schedule change from me

 19:15 <cyphermox> who would update the fridge?

 19:15 <rbasak> Only Steve can update the fridge AIUI, since he created the original calendar item.

 19:15 <rbasak> I asked him to do it in my reply.

 19:16 <cyphermox> perfect

 19:16 <rbasak> Although maybe he could click "Guests can modify event"

 19:16 <cyphermox> well, it works as long as the fridge does accurately represent the real schedule

 19:17 <cyphermox> fyi, I won't be able to make it to the Summit after all; I don't know who will be, but I thought it would be good to have a short presentation on the Technical Board, assuming it's not too late to schedule that already

 19:17 <cyphermox> #topic Check up on community bugs (standing item)

 19:20 <cyphermox> Nothing in LP

 19:20 <cyphermox> #topic Select a chair for the next meeting (next from https://launchpad.net/~techboard/+members)

 19:20 <cyphermox> who is next?

 19:22 <rbasak> Maybe leave sil2100 for next time and put me down as backup?

 19:22 <cyphermox> ok

 19:22 <rbasak> It's not like there are many of us!

 19:22 <cyphermox> otherwise I was going to say I would do it, and put you as backup

 19:22 <sil2100> +1!

 19:22 <cyphermox> haha :)

 19:23 <cyphermox> #topic AOB

 19:26 <cyphermox> anything?

 19:27 <rbasak> Nothing from me thanks

 19:28 <cyphermox> great!

 19:28 <cyphermox> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)