== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status meeting, started by cpaelzer, 15 Nov at 15:30 &mdash; 16:07 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2022/ubuntu-meeting.2022-11-15-15.30.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== current component mismatches ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 15:31.

 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg   (cpaelzer, 15:31)
 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg   (cpaelzer, 15:31)
 * ''LINK:'' https://www.irccloud.com/pastebin/5bQnDDfV/   (joalif, 15:36)

=== New MIRs ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 15:44.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=NEW&field.status%3Alist=CONFIRMED&assignee_option=none&field.assignee=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (cpaelzer, 15:44)
 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/libheif/+bug/1827442   (cpaelzer, 15:47)

=== Incomplete bugs / questions ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 15:49.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (cpaelzer, 15:49)
 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/ruby-eventmachine/+bug/1990580   (cpaelzer, 15:50)

=== MIR related Security Review Queue ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 15:54.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-security/+bugs?field.searchtext=%5BMIR%5D&assignee_option=choose&field.assignee=ubuntu-security&field.bug_reporter=&field.bug_commenter=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (cpaelzer, 15:54)
 * ''LINK:'' https://warthogs.atlassian.net/jira/software/c/projects/SEC/boards/594   (cpaelzer, 15:55)

=== Any other business? ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 16:02.




== People present (lines said) ==

 * cpaelzer (137)
 * eslerm (26)
 * slyon (20)
 * joalif (11)
 * didrocks (11)
 * meetingology (2)
 * jamespage (1)



== Full log ==


 15:30 <cpaelzer> #startmeeting Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status

 15:30 <meetingology> Meeting started at 15:30:10 UTC.  The chair is cpaelzer.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 15:30 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 15:30 <cpaelzer> Ping for MIR meeting - didrocks joalif slyon sarnold cpaelzer jamespage

 15:30 <slyon> o/

 15:30 <cpaelzer> o/

 15:30 <jamespage> o/

 15:30 <eslerm> o/

 15:30 <eslerm> (sarnold is out)

 15:31 <joalif> o/

 15:31 <cpaelzer> welcome eslerm

 15:31 <cpaelzer> #topic current component mismatches

 15:31 <cpaelzer> Mission: Identify required actions and spread the load among the teams

 15:31 <cpaelzer> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg

 15:31 <eslerm> thanks :D

 15:31 <cpaelzer> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg

 15:32 <cpaelzer> lots of jdk things

 15:32 <cpaelzer> slyon: I expect that to be doko, or is this now within some dedicated team/people?

 15:32 <slyon> cpaelzer: yeah, lots of c-m in general. I investigated jdk a bit. seems to be mostly related to the -doc package, maybe we can demote that. I'll try to get it cleared with doko (he's off today)

 15:33 <cpaelzer> yes, if it really is a new -doc then add to extra excludes and be happy

 15:33 <cpaelzer> next I see is glm -> highlights-js

 15:33 <joalif> re glm->highlight.js I looked at it, glm pulls in highlight.js to enable syntax highlighting in a doc page

 15:33 <joalif> it comes from debian https://salsa.debian.org/science-team/glm/-/commit/72cedac91ede1eac284796a5e1e1dcd0effb6303

 15:33 <cpaelzer> glm itself is the mir team (not us, the Ui ones)

 15:33 <joalif> the relevant upstream commit  https://github.com/g-truc/glm/pull/1120

 15:34 <cpaelzer> does anyone have connections to them to ask?

 15:34 <didrocks> (hey)

 15:34 <cpaelzer> hi didrocks

 15:35 <cpaelzer> having you here, do you still have connections to mir people?

 15:35 <cpaelzer> to ask how to deal with glm?

 15:35 <slyon> joalif: I wonder what happens if highlight.js is not installed? seems like "just" the highlighting wouldn't work?

 15:35 <slyon> In this case we might be able to drop it to a suggests..

 15:35 <slyon> (or rather the mir team should do this)

 15:36 <cpaelzer> yeah, I'm looking for someone to own this - no matter how exactly it will be resolved

 15:36 <didrocks> well, apart from RAOF, I don't, I can ping him, but he is kind of at the opposite side of the world :p

 15:36 <joalif> that for sure, i'm not sure if it would impact the success of the build thoigh

 15:36 <joalif> i haven't checked

 15:36 <joalif> because it's used in debian/rules

 15:36 <didrocks> let me try to follow up with saviq at worst

 15:36 <joalif> https://www.irccloud.com/pastebin/5bQnDDfV/

 15:37 <cpaelzer> let me ping on #ubuntu-release

 15:37 <cpaelzer> done, let us continue

 15:37 <cpaelzer> policykit-1 -> duktape

 15:38 <slyon> joalif: ack I saw that... maybe we need to update that snippet to fail gracefully in case highlight.js is not found in /usr/share/javascript/highlight.js/*

 15:38 <cpaelzer> thanks joalif and didrocks for getting glm analyzed and handled

 15:38 <cpaelzer> last time we have seen policykit it was a false positive

 15:38 <didrocks> correct

 15:39 <cpaelzer> didrocks: do you want to look if this is one again?

 15:39 <cpaelzer> slyon: libnet-dns-perl is for foundations

 15:39 <slyon> if duktape is a false positive, we should add it to https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/plzip/+bug/1980663

 15:40 <slyon> ACK. I wasn't able to investigate any c-m besides jdk. but will take care of the foundations ones eventually

 15:40 <cpaelzer> ok

 15:40 <cpaelzer> wow

 15:40 <cpaelzer> there are more when we scroll right

 15:41 <cpaelzer> well that is how opening the archive feels

 15:41 <cpaelzer> libsoup3 -> sysprof

 15:41 <cpaelzer> desktop package

 15:41 <didrocks> cpaelzer: I will double check policykit again

 15:41 <cpaelzer> but I guess libsoup could be anywhere

 15:42 <cpaelzer> let me grab checking libsoup

 15:42 <cpaelzer> as the next is foundations again and I do not want to overload slyon

 15:42 <cpaelzer> slyon: nvme-cli

 15:42 <slyon> ok

 15:42 <cpaelzer> -> libnvme libhugetlbfs

 15:43 <cpaelzer> foundations has some items around nvme anyway

 15:43 <cpaelzer> maybe you can pass this item on to whoever owns these this cycle after you made an initial check what is going on

 15:43 <cpaelzer> looks like a new major version

 15:43 <slyon> yes, I heard people talking about it in our standup today .)

 15:43 <slyon> :)

 15:44 <cpaelzer> ok, chase them down :-P

 15:44 <cpaelzer> looking at the clock

 15:44 <cpaelzer> oO

 15:44 <cpaelzer> going on

 15:44 <cpaelzer> #topic New MIRs

 15:44 <cpaelzer> Mission: ensure to assign all incoming reviews for fast processing

 15:44 <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=NEW&field.status%3Alist=CONFIRMED&assignee_option=none&field.assignee=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 15:44 <cpaelzer> eslerm: is here and smartcard is in this list

 15:44 <cpaelzer> oh I see

 15:45 <cpaelzer> so the decision was "no need for now"

 15:45 <cpaelzer> I've marked it incomplete

 15:45 <cpaelzer> otherwise it looks as if it would wait on us

 15:45 <eslerm> noted, thank you

 15:45 <cpaelzer> dh-cargo is back up here

 15:45 <cpaelzer> didrocks: you look afte rcargo - right?

 15:45 <didrocks> yeah, cargo itself needed a second look

 15:46 <didrocks> itâ€™s the next one on my list, I need to refresh my memory first

 15:46 <cpaelzer> ok and dh-cargo - wasn't assigned last time

 15:46 <cpaelzer> probably due to the sprint keeping all of us busy

 15:46 <cpaelzer> anyone always wanted to look at a dh tool?

 15:46 <didrocks> I think I can, but would not commit it for next week

 15:46 <cpaelzer> well you have the other one

 15:46 <cpaelzer> let me take it instead

 15:47 <didrocks> ack then :)

 15:47 <cpaelzer> dh-cargo to me

 15:47 <cpaelzer> but there is more

 15:47 <cpaelzer> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/libheif/+bug/1827442

 15:47 <slyon> thanks, I was hesitnat to take it due to being "foundations internal"

 15:47 <cpaelzer> agreed

 15:47 <slyon> ^ this was brought up by steve the other day.

 15:48 <eslerm> (dh-cargo was part of LP#1957932)

 15:48 <cpaelzer> but he correctly said "probably want to have it updated using the new template in order to do a new review"

 15:48 <cpaelzer> I expect someone in foundations doing the mentioned update

 15:48 <cpaelzer> then we assign it here for a review

 15:48 <cpaelzer> WDYT?

 15:48 <slyon> sounds good. I'll find somebody in foundations

 15:48 <cpaelzer> I updated the bug

 15:49 <cpaelzer> also let them check if it is just heif or heif + the 265 libs

 15:49 <cpaelzer> thanks slyon

 15:49 <cpaelzer> gogin on

 15:49 <cpaelzer> #topic Incomplete bugs / questions

 15:49 <cpaelzer> Mission: Identify required actions and spread the load among the teams

 15:49 <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 15:50 <cpaelzer> all from just now except ..

 15:50 <cpaelzer> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/ruby-eventmachine/+bug/1990580

 15:50 <cpaelzer> is there something left for the server team?

 15:50 <cpaelzer> reading ...

 15:51 <cpaelzer> ok, lucas waits for joalif to confirm " I hope the explanation above clarifies everything for you."

 15:51 <cpaelzer> does it @ joalif ?

 15:52 <joalif> sorry in other mtg at the same time

 15:52 <joalif> can you repeat

 15:52 <cpaelzer> joalif: did the answer on https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/ruby-eventmachine/+bug/1990580 satisfy you

 15:52 <joalif> ok i'll look at it in a bit

 15:53 <cpaelzer> If it does, assign security as they will be next to process it

 15:53 <cpaelzer> if it does not - tell Lucas what is missing still

 15:54 <cpaelzer> updated the bug to match that

 15:54 <cpaelzer> #topic MIR related Security Review Queue

 15:54 <cpaelzer> Mission: Check on progress, do deadlines seem doable?

 15:54 <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-security/+bugs?field.searchtext=%5BMIR%5D&assignee_option=choose&field.assignee=ubuntu-security&field.bug_reporter=&field.bug_commenter=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 15:54 <cpaelzer> Internal link

 15:54 <cpaelzer> - ensure your teams items are prioritized among each other as you'd expect

 15:55 <cpaelzer> - ensure community requests do not get stomped by teams calling for favors too much

 15:55 <cpaelzer> #link https://warthogs.atlassian.net/jira/software/c/projects/SEC/boards/594

 15:55 <cpaelzer> and here we have eslerm stepping in for Seth for a while

 15:55 <cpaelzer> he wanted to ask for new/other ways to express priorities - is that correct eslerm?

 15:55 <cpaelzer> this is trhe moment to de-confuse all of us so we can agree on it :-)

 15:55 <eslerm> during the sprint the Security Team discussed how to become more consistent with our response time to MIRs

 15:55 <eslerm> we decided to write a status update each pulse (every two weeks) to update the MIR Team

 15:55 <eslerm> I would like to publish the status report to a repo, but that will wait until Seth is back

 15:56 <eslerm> I can email the status report to MIR Team members as well

 15:56 <eslerm> the reports cannot be public, as there could be sensitive information in them

 15:56 <eslerm> e.g., there is a novel security disclosure in the initial report

 15:56 <eslerm> Open to questions, criticisms, and comments :)

 15:56 <eslerm> the initial report is in Seth's vacation email

 15:56 <cpaelzer> will that replace https://warthogs.atlassian.net/jira/software/c/projects/SEC/boards/594 then ?

 15:57 <cpaelzer> that was used to prioritize

 15:57 <eslerm> no, we could integrate the two

 15:57 <cpaelzer> or will it only help to show your "answer" but not change any of your planning?

 15:57 <eslerm> so that, everything pertinent is in jira but we would also have a higher level overview to put everything together

 15:58 <cpaelzer> It sounds nice, but it also sounds complex

 15:58 <cpaelzer> if this costs you a lot of time, then I'd say do not do it

 15:58 <cpaelzer> if it helps you to organize yourself, then it is good

 15:58 <slyon> I feel like the level of detail from seth's email is not really needed at the MIR meeting

 15:58 <slyon> if so we could probably look it up in the jira card updates/comments?

 15:58 <cpaelzer> as a TL;DR the MIR team never cared too much "how" you do it - as long as we can insert bugs into your todo-queue and have a feeling on when they will complete

 15:59 <slyon> ^ this.

 15:59 <didrocks> I agree with the point cpaelzer made

 15:59 <cpaelzer> I agree to slyon that the meeting does not need that detail

 15:59 <cpaelzer> that detail goes to the MIR - bugs

 15:59 <cpaelzer> that is the one place - one per case

 15:59 <eslerm> okay, if it sounds good, I'll do the status report internally to get security on one page and then update jira cards that way

 15:59 <cpaelzer> that sounds fine to me eslerm

 16:00 <cpaelzer> essentially it will stay an "implementation detail" of yours

 16:00 <slyon> yes it should end up in the MIR LP bug when finished. And if we need status updates, we could probably look at the jira card (e.g. "security team is working with upstream about XXX")

 16:00 <cpaelzer> if any of the things we know (lp bugs and to some extend that jira board to prioritize) will change let us know

 16:00 <eslerm> okay, can do

 16:01 <cpaelzer> ok, then let us do it this way

 16:01 <cpaelzer> summary: you do stuff, we are ok with it as nothing changes for us :-)

 16:01 <eslerm> +1

 16:01 <cpaelzer> but in any case, thanks for bringing it up and discussing it eslerm

 16:01 <cpaelzer> whenever you want to change the process or anything related down the road, bring it up here as well

 16:02 <cpaelzer> if we pre-agree but it needs details it becomes a PR to the github repo

 16:02 <eslerm> I have one question

 16:02 <cpaelzer> now going on

 16:02 <cpaelzer> oh well put that question into ...

 16:02 <cpaelzer> #topic Any other business?

 16:02 <eslerm> a lot of the ruby packages are dependent on pcs, which Seth has a question to

 16:02 <cpaelzer> yeah, ask me eslerm

 16:02 <cpaelzer> kanashiro[m]: ^^ watch this

 16:03 <eslerm> is it okay to set the priority of all those ruby packages to wishlist until pcs is resolved?

 16:03 <cpaelzer> not really, we need all of them to complete (we can only move it as one)

 16:03 <cpaelzer> if we set them all to wishlist then we will not make it in time

 16:04 <cpaelzer> but I'm fine if you keep them all as high as PCS, but order it in PCS itself first - and if passed then do the rest

 16:04 <eslerm> I mean, resolve Seth's question (not promote pcs first)

 16:04 <cpaelzer> but I'm afraid if you mark them wishlist ever too many other things will slip in betwene

 16:04 <cpaelzer> we already failed to promote it last cycle

 16:04 <cpaelzer> I'll be in well-earned trouble if we miss it again

 16:04 <cpaelzer> eslerm: yeah, promote pcs first is not an option

 16:05 <cpaelzer> as I said they all belong together

 16:05 <cpaelzer> and are of high prio and importance

 16:05 <cpaelzer> towards 24.04 we need this transition early (hence we wanted 22.10 before) as SW using it will need to adapt

 16:05 <cpaelzer> and that kind of SW isn't the most trivial usually

 16:05 <cpaelzer> did that solve the question eslerm?

 16:05 <eslerm> okay, I'll do some more research. iirc, Seth was concerned that the codebase was moving to python

 16:06 <cpaelzer> not that I know

 16:06 <eslerm> for now yes :D

 16:06 <eslerm> thank you

 16:06 <cpaelzer> ok

 16:06 <cpaelzer> anyone else something to talk about?

 16:06 <slyon> nothing.

 16:06 <cpaelzer> eslerm: and if the codebase moves we still would not have the time to wait

 16:06 <cpaelzer> we would move with it when it does

 16:06 <eslerm> understood

 16:06 <cpaelzer> nothing else from me

 16:06 <didrocks> nothing either

 16:06 <cpaelzer> ok that sounds good then

 16:06 <slyon> thanks cpaelzer, all!

 16:06 <cpaelzer> thanks and sorry for the long meeting

 16:07 <cpaelzer> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)