== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team meeting, started by bdmurray, 14 Apr at 15:00 &mdash; 15:39 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2022/ubuntu-meeting.2022-04-14-15.00.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== Release Incoming Bugs ===

Discussion started by bdmurray at 15:06.

 * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-jj-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs   (bdmurray, 15:06)
 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/needrestart/+bug/1968919   (bdmurray, 15:14)
 * ''LINK:'' https://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ii-incoming-bug-tasks.html is empty  (bdmurray, 15:18)
 * ''LINK:'' https://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ff-incoming-bug-tasks.html is also empty  (bdmurray, 15:19)

=== Team proposed-migration report ===

Discussion started by bdmurray at 15:19.

 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs   (vorlon, 15:19)

=== AOB ===

Discussion started by bdmurray at 15:24.




== People present (lines said) ==

 * bdmurray (46)
 * vorlon (13)
 * ubottu (7)
 * sil2100 (5)
 * jawn-smith (4)
 * doko (4)
 * meetingology (2)
 * enr0n (2)
 * ogayot (1)
 * mclemenceau (1)
 * dbungert (1)
 * bdrung (1)



== Full log ==


 15:00 <bdmurray> #startmeeting Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team

 15:00 <meetingology> Meeting started at 15:00:13 UTC.  The chair is bdmurray.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 15:00 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 15:00 <sil2100> o/

 15:01 <bdmurray> Our weekly status update is located here https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/foundations-team-updates-thursday-14-april-2022/27615/12

 15:01 <bdmurray> Let's take a minute to look things over and ask any questions

 15:02 <bdmurray> Does anyone know if ltrace got demoted?

 15:03 <ogayot> it's still available in main at the moment

 15:04 <bdmurray> vorlon: were you involved in that discussion?

 15:04 <vorlon> bdmurray: I posted on ubuntu-devel about it

 15:04 <vorlon> I haven't seen it get demoted yet

 15:04 <vorlon> but if nobody else is responding to the thread on ubuntu-devel, I think juliank should go ahead

 15:05 <bdmurray> Okay

 15:05 <bdmurray> Any other questions on status?

 15:06 <bdmurray> #topic Release Incoming Bugs

 15:06 <bdmurray> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-jj-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 15:06 <bdmurray> bug 1962751 is still Incomplete

 15:07 <ubottu> Bug 1962751 in ubiquity (Ubuntu) "nvidia drivers not installed automatically" [High, Incomplete] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1962751

 15:07 <bdmurray> bug 1962454 still would be nice to fix but would work as an SRU

 15:07 <bdmurray> so let's just leave that be

 15:07 <ubottu> Bug 1962454 in apport (Ubuntu) "Oops pages show wrong time window in JournalErrors" [Low, Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1962454

 15:07 <bdmurray> bug 1947877

 15:07 <ubottu> Bug 1947877 in plocate (Ubuntu) "Don't index /mnt/{c,wsl} in WSL" [Undecided, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1947877

 15:08 <bdmurray> There's that and another plocate bug which are good SRU targets.

 15:08 <bdmurray> So let's target and card bug 1947877

 15:09 <bdmurray> bug 1955655

 15:09 <ubottu> Bug 1955655 in grub2 (Ubuntu Jammy) "kernel-5.13.0-23-generic : Unable to boot when Secure Encrypted Virtualization( SEV) is enabled without setting swiotlb boot param" [Undecided, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1955655

 15:10 <bdmurray> There is a workaround and this isn't critical for release so let's save it for our next meeting

 15:10 <bdmurray> bug 1967562

 15:10 <ubottu> Bug 1967562 in linux (Ubuntu) "jammy beta (220330) arm iso pxe boot kernel panic on Ampere Mt. Jade" [Undecided, Incomplete] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1967562

 15:10 <sil2100> LP is slow for me today

 15:11 <vorlon> Ampere Mt. Jade is my Saint Motel cover band

 15:12 <bdmurray> There's an MP here so it's in progress so let's card it and target it to release

 15:12 <bdmurray> bug 1968919

 15:14 <bdmurray> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/needrestart/+bug/1968919

 15:14 <bdmurray> We should have a look at this too

 15:14 <sil2100> +1

 15:15 <bdmurray> There are quirks in u-r-u which disable services e.g. update-notifier so something similar should be possible

 15:15 <bdmurray> So target and card that

 15:15 <mclemenceau> ok will do

 15:15 <bdmurray> Maybe enr0n can have a look at it and bundle it with the spelling fix

 15:15 <enr0n> I can do that

 15:15 <bdmurray> bug 1965652

 15:16 <ubottu> Bug 1965652 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu) "machine froze when upgrading impish->jammy" [Undecided, Incomplete] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1965652

 15:16 <bdmurray> I think this is a duplicate

 15:16 <bdmurray> So let's skip that

 15:16 <bdmurray> bug 1938088

 15:16 <ubottu> Bug 1938088 in acpi-support (Ubuntu) "acpi-support prevents Groovy and Hirsute booting in LXC" [Undecided, Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1938088

 15:17 <bdmurray> We've already carded that

 15:18 <bdmurray> bug 1968190 is the other plocate bug

 15:18 <bdmurray> Let's also target that for SRU

 15:18 <bdmurray> #link https://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ii-incoming-bug-tasks.html is empty

 15:19 <bdmurray> #link https://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ff-incoming-bug-tasks.html is also empty

 15:19 <bdmurray> so that's that for bugs

 15:19 <bdmurray> #topic Team proposed-migration report

 15:19 <bdmurray> vorlon: ?

 15:19 <vorlon> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs

 15:20 <vorlon> only one package there right now

 15:20 <sil2100> \o/

 15:20 <vorlon> enr0n: were you still looking at the autopkgtest regression for libzstd?

 15:20 <bdmurray> How old is the report? ;-)

 15:20 <enr0n> Yeah I did some work on it this week

 15:22 <vorlon> looks like we'll try to add this to big_packages and retry the test

 15:23 <jawn-smith> If that doesn't work I'll sponsor a version with the failing test disabled on ppc only

 15:23 <bdmurray> Who is we in this case?

 15:23 <vorlon> I'm adding it now

 15:23 <vorlon> (modulo launchpad lag)

 15:23 <bdmurray> Thanks

 15:23 <vorlon> nothing else on proposed-migration for Foundations

 15:24 <vorlon> so it's all +1 maintenance now!

 15:24 <vorlon> bdmurray: back to you

 15:24 <bdmurray> #topic AOB

 15:24 <doko> ftbfs

 15:24 <doko> still having acpi-support

 15:24 <jawn-smith> I'm still working on vim. Pending ppa builders coming back online

 15:24 <bdmurray> I'm travelling so may not get to it if somebody else has time

 15:25 <doko> there are also some more pending for other teams

 15:25 <doko> was anybody working on acpi-support?

 15:26 <bdmurray> doko: it is assigned to me but I haven't had a chance so we should reassign it

 15:29 <jawn-smith> dbungert or I will take acpi-support

 15:29 <dbungert> ack

 15:35 <bdrung> i will take over fixing the build and the postinst bug of acpi-support

 15:36 <bdmurray> Next week is the release!

 15:37 <jawn-smith> \o/

 15:37 <sil2100> And Final Freeze today!

 15:39 <bdmurray> Alright, thanks everybody

 15:39 <bdmurray> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)