== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team meeting, started by jawn-smith, 17 Nov at 16:01 &mdash; 16:47 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2022/ubuntu-meeting.2022-11-17-16.01.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

 * ''LINK:'' https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/foundations-team-updates-thursday-17-november-2022/32286/   (jawn-smith, 16:02)

=== Release incoming bugs ===

Discussion started by jawn-smith at 16:06.

 * ''LINK:'' https://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-kk-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs   (jawn-smith, 16:06)
 * ''LINK:'' https://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-jj-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs   (jawn-smith, 16:08)
 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/python-tz/+bug/207604 (tagged rls-ll-incoming)  (bdrung, 16:12)
 * ''LINK:'' https://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/foundations-todo-bug-tasks.html   (jawn-smith, 16:19)

=== AOB ===

Discussion started by jawn-smith at 16:44.




== People present (lines said) ==

 * jawn-smith (60)
 * vorlon (10)
 * bdrung (5)
 * meetingology (2)
 * juliank (2)
 * slyon (2)
 * dbungert (1)
 * waveform (1)
 * mclemenceau (1)
 * samirkamerkar (1)
 * adrien (1)
 * enr0n (1)



== Full log ==


 16:01 <jawn-smith> #startmeeting Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team

 16:01 <meetingology> Meeting started at 16:01:31 UTC.  The chair is jawn-smith.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 16:01 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 16:01 <jawn-smith> The weekly status is here:

 16:02 <jawn-smith> #link https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/foundations-team-updates-thursday-17-november-2022/32286/

 16:02 <jawn-smith> Let's all take our usual time to read and ask questions

 16:02 <jawn-smith> and congratulate waveform on upload rights

 16:02 <dbungert> :tada:

 16:02 <waveform> (or, react with horror ;)

 16:02 <mclemenceau> o/

 16:03 <samirkamerkar> :clap:

 16:04 * juliank did not make status update writing yet

 16:06 <jawn-smith> #topic Release incoming bugs

 16:06 <jawn-smith> #link https://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-kk-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 16:06 <jawn-smith> Just one

 16:07 <jawn-smith> I believe we discussed and determined this one was with the desktop team

 16:07 <jawn-smith> Is that correct?

 16:07 <bdrung> yes

 16:08 <jawn-smith> Okay then, moving on

 16:08 <jawn-smith> #link https://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-jj-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 16:08 <jawn-smith> Two here

 16:08 <jawn-smith> bug 1965094

 16:08 <jawn-smith> I believe this was also with desktop, is that correct?

 16:09 <vorlon> kernel really

 16:09 <vorlon> it's already assigned, nothing for us

 16:09 <jawn-smith> Thanks, moving on

 16:09 <jawn-smith> bug 1993037

 16:09 <jawn-smith> Has some more information this time

 16:10 <slyon> the reporter says he doesn't have usrmerge installed, which would explain the failure

 16:10 <vorlon> I'll follow up on the bug

 16:10 <slyon> thx

 16:10 <jawn-smith> indeed, thanks vorlon

 16:11 <vorlon> having a not-usrmerged system is not supported on jammy

 16:11 <jawn-smith> bdrung: you had a bug that didn't make it into the report, right?

 16:12 <bdrung> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/python-tz/+bug/207604 (tagged rls-ll-incoming)

 16:13 <bdrung> python-tz needs to be updated in SRUs every time a timezones are added or renamed and tzdata is updated several times a year

 16:13 <vorlon> I don't think it needs to be updated *every* time

 16:13 <vorlon> only when there are changes to tz names?

 16:15 <jawn-smith> Who wants to SRU this to all the way back to bionic

 16:15 <jawn-smith> ?

 16:16 <jawn-smith> Ah apparently the SRU has been done, we are just discussing a way to solve this problem better in the future

 16:18 <bdrung> yes, this ticket is about the long term solution.

 16:19 <jawn-smith> Okay let's discuss the foundations-todo list

 16:19 <jawn-smith> #link https://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/foundations-todo-bug-tasks.html

 16:20 <jawn-smith> That's a hefty list

 16:20 <jawn-smith> I'm going to sort by importance and then only look at ones with no assignee

 16:20 <jawn-smith> bug 1929860

 16:21 <jawn-smith> This has no assignee but is Fix Released

 16:22 <juliank> let's untag that for now, if it comes back we can still do it

 16:22 <jawn-smith> Okay sounds good

 16:23 <jawn-smith> bug 1992649

 16:23 <jawn-smith> xypron: this may be fixed, can you look into that?

 16:25 <jawn-smith> Thanks for verifying the fix

 16:25 <jawn-smith> bug 1981109

 16:26 <vorlon> that's mine to follow through on

 16:26 <jawn-smith> Thanks vorlon

 16:26 <vorlon> I'll jfdi it this week so it doesn't drag into the new year

 16:26 <jawn-smith> bug 1982511

 16:28 <jawn-smith> This is with juliank

 16:28 <jawn-smith> bug 1983522

 16:30 <jawn-smith> waveform to look at this

 16:30 <jawn-smith> Thanks!

 16:31 <jawn-smith> bug 1988843

 16:33 <jawn-smith> samir has agreed to look into this

 16:33 <jawn-smith> bug 1990196

 16:35 <jawn-smith> ogayot to investigate, thanks!

 16:35 <jawn-smith> bug 1990535

 16:40 <jawn-smith> While steve looks at that I'll move on

 16:40 <jawn-smith> bug 1990964

 16:40 <jawn-smith> adrien: this is assigned to you in Jira

 16:41 <jawn-smith> adrien to assign himself the LP bug

 16:41 <jawn-smith> bug 1992159

 16:42 <adrien> assigned the strace FTBFS to myself

 16:42 <jawn-smith> gblic is usually an mwhudson thing, right?

 16:43 <jawn-smith> I'll follow up with him about that

 16:44 <jawn-smith> That's all of the high priority bugs

 16:44 <jawn-smith> #topic AOB

 16:44 <jawn-smith> Many americans will be out next week

 16:44 <jawn-smith> I'll be off Thursday and Friday

 16:44 <enr0n> I will also be off Thursday and Friday

 16:45 <vorlon> I'm off all next week

 16:45 <vorlon> takes time to digest turkey

 16:45 <bdrung> I'll be off half of Friday and full Monday

 16:46 <jawn-smith> New hire starting next week \o/

 16:46 <jawn-smith> So should we still have this meeting next week?

 16:47 <jawn-smith> We'll ping sil2100 to see if he can run it

 16:47 <jawn-smith> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)