== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team meeting, started by bdmurray, 12 May at 15:01 &mdash; 15:55 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2022/ubuntu-meeting.2022-05-12-15.01.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning Round ===

Discussion started by bdmurray at 15:01.


=== Release Incoming Bugs ===

Discussion started by bdmurray at 15:08.

 * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-kk-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs   (bdmurray, 15:09)
 * ''LINK:'' https://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-jj-incoming-bug-tasks.html   (bdmurray, 15:19)
 * ''LINK:'' https://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ff-incoming-bug-tasks.html   (bdmurray, 15:29)

=== Team proposed-migration report ===

Discussion started by bdmurray at 15:30.

 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs   (slyon, 15:35)

=== AOB ===

Discussion started by bdmurray at 15:53.




== People present (lines said) ==

 * bdmurray (62)
 * jawn-smith (58)
 * ubottu (12)
 * enr0n (6)
 * slyon (6)
 * bdrung (5)
 * dbungert (3)
 * juliank (3)
 * sil2100 (3)
 * meetingology (2)
 * waveform (2)
 * alexghiti (1)
 * ogayot (1)
 * xypron (1)



== Full log ==


 15:01 <bdmurray> #startmeeting Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team

 15:01 <meetingology> Meeting started at 15:01:18 UTC.  The chair is bdmurray.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 15:01 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 15:01 <bdmurray> #topic Lightning Round

 15:02 <bdmurray> The status update is here https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/foundations-team-updates-thursday-12-may-2022/28227

 15:02 <bdmurray> Let's take a moment to review what people were up to

 15:03 <bdmurray> dbungert: did benchmark do what you want?

 15:04 <jawn-smith> bdmurray: enr0n: we should coordinate on the jammy upload of u-r-u

 15:04 <dbungert> bdmurray: I will look after the meeting, thanks

 15:04 <jawn-smith> enr0n had already mentioned doing this in mattermost, but I wanted to mention it to bdmurray

 15:04 <jawn-smith> and subtly remind waveform to review it :)

 15:04 <enr0n> jawn-smith: yeah, I think once your change is merged, I can rebase and do the pre-build.sh stuff

 15:05 <bdmurray> Speaking of u-r-u enr0n do you know if that mirror (mirrors?) are still broken?

 15:05 <waveform> jawn-smith, ah yes I need to do that (didn't I have a MR that needed a review? ... ;)

 15:05 <enr0n> bdmurray: Not sure, I can check after the meeting

 15:05 <jawn-smith> hmm, livecd-rootfs?

 15:06 <bdmurray> I really appreciate having the links in the discourse posts to changes, bugs, etc.

 15:07 <bdmurray> So let's try and do that regularly.

 15:07 <jawn-smith> bdmurray I agree

 15:07 <slyon> +1

 15:07 <bdmurray> Any other questions on status?

 15:07 <enr0n> bdmurray: http://uz.archive.ubuntu.com/ubuntu/dists/ is missing jammy still

 15:08 <bdmurray> enr0n: If the mirrors are bad we should make sure they aren't in mirrors.cfg with the jammy SRU then

 15:08 <enr0n> Ack.

 15:08 <bdmurray> #topic Release Incoming Bugs

 15:08 <bdrung> or talk to the maintainer of that host

 15:09 <bdmurray> I submitted an RT about it for IS

 15:09 <bdmurray> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-kk-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 15:09 <bdmurray> bug 1779645 juliank looked at this recently

 15:09 <ubottu> Bug 1779645 in tasksel (Ubuntu) "Critical bug in tasksel: `tasksel remove task-name` removes whole system" [Critical, Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1779645

 15:10 <juliank> we already carded this

 15:10 <bdmurray> ack

 15:10 <juliank> while the analysis was wrong, it's still actionable :D

 15:10 <bdmurray> I'll target it to Kinetic then

 15:11 <bdmurray> And we should remove the tag

 15:11 <bdmurray> bug 1618522

 15:11 <ubottu> Bug 1618522 in netplan.io (Ubuntu) "netplan does not generates .network files just for ethernet" [Medium, Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1618522

 15:11 <slyon> ugh.. this again. I'd postpone it for now. It's not a priority

 15:12 <bdmurray> Should we change the importance from Medium then?

 15:12 <bdmurray> Maybe to low?

 15:12 <slyon> Yes. I'll do that

 15:13 <bdmurray> bug 1972043

 15:13 <ubottu> Bug 1972043 in gcc-12 (Ubuntu) "Please add -ftrivial-auto-var-init=zero to default build flags" [Wishlist, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1972043

 15:14 <bdmurray> Let's target and card that

 15:14 <bdmurray> bug 1967281 was already carded

 15:14 <ubottu> Bug 1967281 in ubiquity (Ubuntu) "Misspelling in string 326" [Undecided, Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1967281

 15:15 <bdmurray> but let's set the importance and target it to kinetic

 15:16 <bdmurray> bug 1972056

 15:16 <ubottu> Bug 1972056 in openssl (Ubuntu) "[openssl3] please sync openssl.cnf to ease changing security level" [Undecided, Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1972056

 15:17 <bdmurray> Lets save that since schopin is out

 15:17 <bdmurray> bug 1973149

 15:17 <ubottu> Bug 1973149 in dpkg (Ubuntu) "system uses merged-usr-via-aliased-dirs, going behind dpkg's  back, breaking its core assumptions" [Undecided, Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1973149

 15:18 <bdmurray> "going behind dpkg's back"!

 15:18 <bdmurray> Let's target and card that

 15:19 <bdmurray> #link https://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-jj-incoming-bug-tasks.html

 15:20 <bdmurray> bug 1971987 has some log files now so enr0n and I will look at it after the meeting

 15:20 <ubottu> Bug 1971987 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu) "On release upgrade, Snaps don't change channel" [High, Incomplete] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1971987

 15:20 <enr0n> Sounds good

 15:20 <bdmurray> bug 1968845 could use testing again with the new snapd

 15:20 <ubottu> Bug 1968845 in dbus (Ubuntu) "Upgrade to 22.04 from 20.04 ends with dbus installation asking for a reboot" [High, Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1968845

 15:20 <bdmurray> I can try that today

 15:20 <bdmurray> bug 1971425 is bonkers

 15:20 <ubottu> Bug 1971425 in util-linux (Ubuntu) "The 'look' cli dictionary only sees capitalized words" [Low, Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1971425

 15:21 <bdmurray> Given that its a low importance bug I think we should pass on it

 15:21 <bdmurray> Any objections?

 15:22 <slyon> let's do that, +1

 15:22 <bdrung> no objection

 15:22 <bdmurray> bug 1971612

 15:23 <bdmurray> let's target and card that

 15:24 <bdmurray> bug 1972115

 15:24 <ubottu> Bug 1972115 in apport (Ubuntu) "ubuntu-bug <crashfile> exits after dialog instead of sending data" [Undecided, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1972115

 15:25 <bdmurray> I think that's of Low importance given its been like that forever

 15:25 <bdmurray> Having said that Launchpad is the only way to have a conversation with a crash reporter at this point in time

 15:25 <bdmurray> So it might be nice

 15:25 <bdrung> would it make sense to have two options in that case "send" and "create bug report"?

 15:26 <bdmurray> I wouldn't want it to be that accessible and have everyone clicking "create bug report".

 15:27 <bdrung> so then maybe a command line parameter to enable it?

 15:28 <bdmurray> If somebody deliberately runs ubuntu-bug with a crash file it should go to both.

 15:28 <bdmurray> Or a command line parameter.

 15:28 <bdmurray> Anyway, let's go ahead and card this.

 15:29 <bdmurray> we already talked about bug 1972056

 15:29 <ubottu> Bug 1972056 in openssl (Ubuntu) "[openssl3] please sync openssl.cnf to ease changing security level" [Medium, Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1972056

 15:29 <bdmurray> rls-ii is empty

 15:29 <bdmurray> #link https://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ff-incoming-bug-tasks.html

 15:29 <bdmurray> bug 1970411

 15:29 <ubottu> Bug 1970411 in gnome-remote-desktop (Ubuntu) "gnome-remote-desktop-daemon crashes on fuse_thread_func → g_thread_proxy → start_thread: Failed to mount FUSE filesystem (as per missing fusermount3)" [Low, Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1970411

 15:30 <bdmurray> Well it looks like the desktop team is working on this so skip

 15:30 <bdmurray> #topic Team proposed-migration report

 15:30 <bdmurray> jawn-smith:

 15:30 <jawn-smith> First on the list is openjdk-lts

 15:31 <jawn-smith> which seems like a samirkamerkar task, right?

 15:31 <jawn-smith> juliank: are the armhf queues still struggling?

 15:31 <bdmurray> It looks like there are 20k tests in the queue still

 15:32 <jawn-smith> oof

 15:32 <jawn-smith> alright I'll skip anything that's strictly armhf related

 15:32 <jawn-smith> git has one armhf issue and then mercurial

 15:32 <jawn-smith> mercurial is amd64

 15:32 <jawn-smith> anyone want to look at that?

 15:33 <dbungert> also the KPI shows that armhf is trending more upwards than down

 15:33 <alexghiti> I can take mercurial o/

 15:33 <jawn-smith> alexghiti: thanks!

 15:33 <jawn-smith> are the arm64 queues also problematic?

 15:34 <bdmurray> 3k

 15:34 <bdmurray> er 10k

 15:35 <jawn-smith> alright who wants fwupd then?

 15:35 <slyon> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs

 15:35 <slyon> I can take fwupd

 15:35 <jawn-smith> excellent thanks

 15:35 <jawn-smith> gnutls is armhf only

 15:35 <jawn-smith> so skipping

 15:35 <jawn-smith> boost1.74

 15:35 <jawn-smith> has a few regressions

 15:36 <sil2100> I can take a look

 15:36 <jawn-smith> thanks!

 15:36 <jawn-smith> at all three of them?

 15:37 <jawn-smith> I'll assume yes

 15:37 <jawn-smith> cmake vs onetbb

 15:37 <jawn-smith> has been retried a few times so probably needs to be actually looked at

 15:38 <jawn-smith> any cmake experts here?

 15:38 <jawn-smith> ah it has a timeout

 15:39 <jawn-smith> so perhaps a release team member can add it to big packages?

 15:40 <bdmurray> big packages would be appropriate if the whole test suite timed out and that doesn't look like the case

 15:40 <jawn-smith> or bdrung can you look into that one to see if big packages would help?

 15:40 <jawn-smith> moving on, skipping some armhf issues

 15:40 <bdrung> something is strange there. runtests.sh fails with timeout, but there are only 2 seconds between this and the next test

 15:41 <jawn-smith> I'll take runc vs dh-golang

 15:41 <jawn-smith> waveform: libevent?

 15:41 <waveform> ack

 15:41 <jawn-smith> thanks!

 15:41 <jawn-smith> lsvpd is missing builds

 15:42 <jawn-smith> dbungert: lsvpd?

 15:42 <dbungert> jawn-smith: ack for lsvpd

 15:42 <jawn-smith> thanks!

 15:43 <jawn-smith> readline has two regressions

 15:43 <jawn-smith> one of them is gjs

 15:43 <jawn-smith> enr0n: readline

 15:43 <enr0n> ack, thanks

 15:44 <jawn-smith> doko: can you please investigate dash?

 15:44 <jawn-smith> it's FTBFS on amd64 and i386

 15:44 <jawn-smith> anyone want to look at file?

 15:45 <jawn-smith> it has an arm64 suricata regression

 15:45 <bdmurray> I'll look at it

 15:45 <jawn-smith> excellent, thanks!

 15:45 <jawn-smith> ginggs: Do I recall you taking perl investigations?

 15:46 <jawn-smith> if so, libwww-perl has some things to look at

 15:47 <jawn-smith> I take your silence as a yes

 15:48 <jawn-smith> juliank: libzstd?

 15:48 <jawn-smith> or we could toss that over to doko

 15:49 <juliank> ack

 15:49 <jawn-smith> alright we can give doko the pillow regressions then

 15:50 <jawn-smith> pinentry is dependency-wait on i386 only

 15:51 <jawn-smith> vorlon: when you're back can you investigate putting that on the whitelist?

 15:52 <jawn-smith> xypron and ogayot would you like to split up the requests regressions?

 15:52 <jawn-smith> one is armhf so that can be skipped

 15:52 <ogayot> sure

 15:52 <jawn-smith> so how about xypron dnstwist and ogayot requests vs requests

 15:52 <xypron> fine for me

 15:53 <jawn-smith> alright then everyone has an issue assigned

 15:53 <jawn-smith> back to you bdmurray

 15:53 <bdmurray> #topic AOB

 15:54 <bdmurray> Anything else anybody wants to share / discuss?

 15:54 <sil2100> Nothing from me, I suppose

 15:54 <sil2100> We might think about the merge party next week, but I'll reach out to doko about that

 15:55 <bdmurray> Okay, thanks everybody!

 15:55 <bdmurray> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)