== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team meeting, started by juliank, 19 May at 15:01 &mdash; 15:52 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2022/ubuntu-meeting.2022-05-19-15.01.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning Round ===

Discussion started by juliank at 15:02.


=== Release incoming bugs ===

Discussion started by juliank at 15:08.

 * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-kk-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs   (juliank, 15:08)
 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/binutils/+bug/1974115   (bdmurray, 15:09)
 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/tasksel/+bug/574287   (juliank, 15:10)
 * ''LINK:'' https://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-jj-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs   (juliank, 15:10)
 * ''LINK:'' https://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ff-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs is empty  (juliank, 15:16)
 * ''LINK:'' https://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-bb-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs   (juliank, 15:16)

=== Team proposed-migration report ===

Discussion started by juliank at 15:17.

 * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs   (juliank, 15:17)

=== AOB ===

Discussion started by juliank at 15:41.




== People present (lines said) ==

 * juliank (63)
 * vorlon (57)
 * slyon (20)
 * bdmurray (18)
 * ubottu (7)
 * ginggs (7)
 * jawn-smith (6)
 * waveform (5)
 * enr0n (5)
 * mclemenceau (4)
 * alexghiti (4)
 * bdrung (3)
 * schopin (3)
 * ogayot (3)
 * dbungert (3)
 * meetingology (2)
 * xnox (1)
 * doko (1)



== Full log ==


 15:01 <juliank> #startmeeting Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team

 15:01 <meetingology> Meeting started at 15:01:45 UTC.  The chair is juliank.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 15:01 <jawn-smith> o/

 15:01 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 15:02 <juliank> #topic Lightning Round

 15:02 * vorlon waves

 15:02 <juliank> The status is here https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/foundations-team-updates-thursday-19-may-2022/28413

 15:02 <bdmurray> I found the maysync vs willsync write up very useful.

 15:02 <juliank> Let's give everyone a chance to read up and ask questions

 15:03 <juliank> I'll go read last week's backlog shortly and update our meeting script a bit

 15:03 <bdmurray> slyon: ^

 15:03 <slyon> yes. I wasn't aware that *ubuntu* version strings are ignored by the auto-sync

 15:03 <slyon> so the investigation was useful for me as well

 15:04 <bdmurray> I think emailing ubuntu-devel about it would be useful.

 15:04 <jawn-smith> waveform: have you had a chance to look at https://code.launchpad.net/~jawn-smith/ubuntu/+source/ubuntu-release-upgrader/+git/ubuntu-release-upgrader/+merge/421557 ?

 15:04 <slyon> It will be part of my +1 report, to be send out shortly

 15:04 <bdmurray> I wonder if it will get lost in there.

 15:04 <bdmurray> i.e. do people read those?

 15:04 <slyon> ack. I might send an additional extra email just for that

 15:05 <waveform> jawn-smith, I've looked at the code but not had a chance to actually run it yet

 15:05 <bdmurray> slyon: Do you know much about the move to iwd?

 15:05 <juliank> Oh I forgot to hit the send button on my status, done now

 15:05 <jawn-smith> okay thanks. We're trying to coordinate that SRU with another so we only have to do one upload

 15:05 <juliank> Sorry

 15:06 <slyon> bdmurray: I did run some testing around iwd a while ago: https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/call-for-testing-improved-wifi-via-iwd/17795/58

 15:06 <slyon> And I just completed the MIR review, so I know that the desktop team plans to switch to iwd by default this cycle (22.10)

 15:06 <waveform> jawn-smith, okay -- will try and squeeze that in this afternoon

 15:06 <juliank> ooh scary

 15:06 <juliank> I should try iwd again

 15:06 <bdmurray> Okay, I think that's all I really need to know.

 15:07 <bdmurray> We all should try iwd!

 15:07 <slyon> juliank: it works pretty nicely for me, running it for 1y+

 15:07 <juliank> Last time it stuck to the wrong network or something :D

 15:07 <juliank> Any other questions?

 15:07 <slyon> that discourse thread from above should give some recent enough instructions on how to best use it

 15:08 <juliank> OK, Let's move on then

 15:08 <juliank> #topic Release incoming bugs

 15:08 <juliank> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-kk-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 15:08 <juliank> bug 1974115

 15:09 <bdmurray> I think that's a pretty straightforward card and target

 15:09 <juliank> where's the bot?

 15:09 <slyon> +1

 15:09 <bdmurray> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/binutils/+bug/1974115

 15:09 <mclemenceau> thx, I'll card that

 15:10 <juliank> bug 574287

 15:10 <ubottu> Bug 574287 in tasksel (Ubuntu) "tasksel: forcefully removes packages when tasks overlap" [Undecided, Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/574287

 15:10 <juliank> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/tasksel/+bug/574287

 15:10 <juliank> ugh hello ubottu

 15:10 <bdmurray> that's already carded so next

 15:10 <juliank> https://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-jj-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 15:11 <juliank> bug 1971987

 15:11 <ubottu> Bug 1971987 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu) "On release upgrade, Snaps don't change channel" [High, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1971987

 15:11 <bdmurray> I agree with the last comment there

 15:11 <juliank> Should this be Incomplete?

 15:12 <bdmurray> Given what we've seen in the logs the behavior is expected.

 15:12 <vorlon> close invalid?

 15:12 <juliank> ack

 15:12 <vorlon> target and close invalid :)

 15:12 <vorlon> (so if it legitimately reopens, we follow up?)

 15:13 <vorlon> oh or maybe it's better not to target so that if it reopens it ends up back in our queue here

 15:13 <juliank> I removed the label though

 15:13 <bdmurray> Yes, we don't look at rls-**-tracking often

 15:13 <juliank> should it get another label?

 15:13 <bdmurray> I'd leave the label and set it Invalid

 15:14 <juliank> ok

 15:14 <juliank> bug 1968845 is incomplete, I think there's nothing to see there?

 15:14 <ubottu> Bug 1968845 in dbus (Ubuntu) "Upgrade to 22.04 from 20.04 ends with dbus installation asking for a reboot" [High, Incomplete] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1968845

 15:15 <juliank> bug 1971474 is a straightforward-ish SRU request from doko

 15:15 <ubottu> Bug 1971474 in gdb (Ubuntu) "SRU: Update gdb to the final 12.1 release in 22.04 LTS" [Undecided, Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1971474

 15:16 <juliank> mclemenceau: wanna card this?

 15:16 <mclemenceau> sure thing

 15:16 <juliank> https://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ff-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs is empty

 15:16 <slyon> <empty>

 15:16 <juliank> https://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-bb-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 15:16 <juliank> 11 bugs in there

 15:17 <bdmurray> bb we don't look at because nobody should be running that

 15:17 <juliank> do we want to look at them?

 15:17 <juliank> heh

 15:17 <juliank> Let's move on then

 15:17 <juliank> #topic Team proposed-migration report

 15:17 <juliank> #link http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs

 15:18 <vorlon> only 54 packages late

 15:18 <vorlon> a lot of this is going to still be waiting on autopkgtest results due to the armhf queue, but it's still worth looking at

 15:19 <vorlon> openjdk-lts was waiting on a test result that got lost, so I've just retriggered all tests > 15 days that were "running"

 15:19 <vorlon> alexghiti: were you still looking at the mercurial autopkgtest regression on git?

 15:20 <vorlon> there seem to be several autopkgtest regressions here that all need looked at

 15:20 <alexghiti> Yes, spent some hours on a flaky test, asked the mailing list, still waiting

 15:20 <vorlon> which mailing list?

 15:21 <juliank> we also run on bos01 atm, so it might still have network regressions

 15:21 <alexghiti> mercurial-devel: https://marc.info/?l=mercurial-devel&r=1&b=202205&w=2

 15:21 <juliank> I retried the bos01 runs last week, but I can rerun them again if people think that's useful, so we get all bos01 failures retried on bos02

 15:21 <vorlon> if the test is flaky, can we please either get the test retried, or patched out so it doesn't fail the test suite, rather than waiting for upstream?

 15:22 <alexghiti> Ok I can do patch it out then

 15:22 <vorlon> juliank: we should probably retry all failed tests >7 days at this point

 15:22 <juliank> all, not just bos01?

 15:22 <vorlon> yeah

 15:22 <juliank> ack

 15:22 <vorlon> anyway, that still leaves several other issues required in order to unblock git. alexghiti can you take those also, or should we get another volunteer?

 15:23 <alexghiti> I can take those

 15:23 <vorlon> thanks

 15:23 <juliank> although I guess bdmurray can do that retrying, being QA team and all :)

 15:23 <bdmurray> Yeah, I'll do that

 15:24 <xnox> ubuntu-release team, could you please start building jammy lts dailies? cause we need both focal dailies and jammy dailies for now right? https://code.launchpad.net/~xnox/ubuntu-cdimage/jammy-dailies/+merge/423028

 15:24 <vorlon> boost1.74: this is listed as a candidate but I don't see it in https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_output.txt so this needs some digging

 15:24 <vorlon> xnox: ECHAN

 15:24 <ginggs> it recently migrated i think

 15:25 <ginggs> i got mail

 15:25 <vorlon> ginggs: ah, thanks

 15:25 <vorlon> cmake - who wants this?

 15:26 <vorlon> bdrung: you took onetbb; are you still working on this?

 15:26 <jawn-smith> I can take a look at cyrus-ampd and sagemath

 15:26 <vorlon> jawn-smith: thanks

 15:26 <jawn-smith> well, that was one way to spell imapd

 15:27 <bdrung> onetbb is still on my list.

 15:27 <vorlon> sagemath is flaky fwiw, looks like timeouts

 15:27 <jawn-smith> okay thanks

 15:27 <vorlon> so I've just given back that particular test

 15:27 <vorlon> source-highlight, has likely migrated w/ boost

 15:27 <ginggs> yes

 15:27 <vorlon> dh-golang, waiting for dpkg, which is waiting for armhf tests

 15:28 <vorlon> libevent: mysql-8.0 on i386.  waveform you still have this?

 15:28 <waveform> was unable to reproduce in a container locally; may just be a timeout

 15:28 <vorlon> a lot of carry-overs from last week, reminder that the expectation is that you make time to resolve these before the next meeting, please

 15:29 <vorlon> waveform: next steps?

 15:29 <waveform> was going to dig a little further and then "just retry" if I got nowhere

 15:29 <vorlon> waveform: let's "just retry" sooner rather than later

 15:29 <waveform> ok

 15:29 <vorlon> (button puhsed)

 15:30 <vorlon> libpng1.6, armhf autopkgtest regression

 15:31 <vorlon> ah but it was an error not a fail; retrying

 15:31 <vorlon> readline?

 15:31 <vorlon> enr0n: you still working on this?

 15:31 <enr0n> ruby-build is new since last week, I can look

 15:32 <enr0n> And slyon sponsored a gnudatalanguage fix for me earlier

 15:32 <vorlon> enr0n: probably just needs retries, this is a test progression that britney mis-flags as a regression

 15:32 <enr0n> vorlon: ack

 15:32 <vorlon> gnudatalanguage is likely going to require more effort

 15:32 <enr0n> What makes you say that?

 15:32 <vorlon> enr0n: because it's gdl and I know it by name

 15:33 <vorlon> "oh great what's broken with gdl this time"

 15:33 <enr0n> :D

 15:34 <vorlon> dash - doko, you still on this?

 15:34 <vorlon> built now but the autopkgtests regress everywhere

 15:34 <vorlon> file - bdmurray ?

 15:34 <juliank> gnudatalanguage as gdl confused me a bit because gdl also exists, it's "GNOME DevTool libraries"

 15:34 <juliank> :D

 15:35 <juliank> are we missing a new debian-archive-keyring?

 15:35 <bdmurray> Sure, I'll look at file.

 15:35 <vorlon> licensecheck needs MIRing - schopin ?

 15:36 <juliank> (that was re dash, it fails signature checks for debian)

 15:36 <schopin> sure

 15:36 <vorlon> doko: pillow still with you?

 15:36 <slyon> schopin: there's a template already: https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/libindirect-perl/+bug/1972853

 15:36 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1972853 in libxs-parse-sublike-perl (Ubuntu) "[MIR] lib*-perl" [Undecided, Incomplete]

 15:36 <schopin> slyon: thanks!

 15:36 <bdrung> juliank, yes, very likely that we just need to install debian-archive-keyring for the dash test suite

 15:37 <vorlon> pinentry, apparently this was assigned to me because i386 ;) will follow through

 15:37 <vorlon> xypron, ogayot: are you still working on requests?

 15:37 <ogayot> I have submitted a patch for requests in bug 1974182. Need a sponsor at the moment

 15:37 <ubottu> Bug 1974182 in requests (Ubuntu) "Autopkgtest fails when HTTP proxy is used" [Undecided, Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1974182

 15:38 <doko> vorlon: yes, both

 15:38 <vorlon> doko: thanks

 15:39 <vorlon> I can look at sponsoring today

 15:39 <vorlon> sphinx needs some attention.  ginggs ?

 15:39 <ginggs> sure

 15:39 <vorlon> squashfs-tools vs systemd - dbungert ?

 15:40 <dbungert> vorlon: ack

 15:40 <vorlon> libgpg-error - slyon ?

 15:40 <slyon> vorlon: ok

 15:40 <vorlon> does anyone not have one for this week?

 15:40 <ogayot> I don't

 15:40 <bdrung> \o

 15:41 <vorlon> ogayot: oh, I thought there was still work for you on requests - would you like pycurl instead?

 15:41 <ogayot> yes, I can take pycurl

 15:41 <vorlon> thanks

 15:41 <vorlon> juliank: back to you

 15:41 <ginggs> there's a another MIR in sphinx

 15:41 <juliank> #topic AOB

 15:42 <ginggs> sphinx-common/amd64 in main cannot depend on libunicode-escape-perl in universe

 15:42 <slyon> ginggs: that's also perl-* packages from the same team

 15:42 <schopin> ginggs: It's in my lot.

 15:42 <slyon> should probably be combined with the other MIR

 15:42 <ginggs> ok thanks

 15:42 <vorlon> fwiw the pinentry/i386 dep wait is on qtwayland.  We are not building the qt stack to unblock pinentry :P will patch pinentry

 15:42 <mclemenceau> bug 1974196 came to my attention during this meeting, might as well review it

 15:42 <ubottu> Bug 1974196 in systemd (Ubuntu) "Installing libudev1 on a new Jammy installation uninstalls many packages." [Undecided, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1974196

 15:45 <slyon> mclemenceau: this sounds like a SRU candidate for .1

 15:45 <mclemenceau> slyon: Ack

 15:46 <slyon> should be easiy to reproduce/verify. and then might need some update to the versioned dependencies.

 15:46 <slyon> do you want to card that?

 15:46 <juliank> i wonder if that is a phased update issue?

 15:46 <juliank> but I guess not

 15:46 <slyon> juliank: he had jammy-updates disabled

 15:46 <slyon> so probably not related to phased updates..

 15:46 <juliank> ok but then it's not a bug

 15:46 <dbungert> vorlon: squashfs-tools vs systemd is going to be a retry due to systemd upstream-1 tests.  Would you like to assign another?

 15:47 <vorlon> dbungert: you can also have binutils :)

 15:47 <dbungert> ack

 15:47 <juliank> the image is built with updates, if you disable it, you can't install packages that need older versions

 15:47 <juliank> ah ok

 15:48 <juliank> I may be confused :D

 15:48 <juliank> but ubuntu:jammy is getting refreshed with updates from -updates installed, no?

 15:48 <juliank> so the dockerfile idea of installing from base like that doesn't work

 15:48 <juliank> long term

 15:51 <juliank> Probably a weird effect of dependency solving in apt, but oh well

 15:51 <juliank> Worth investigating more

 15:51 <slyon> ack

 15:52 <juliank> Anything else?

 15:52 <juliank> 3

 15:52 <juliank> 2

 15:52 <juliank> 1

 15:52 <juliank> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)