== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team meeting, started by bdmurray, 24 Mar at 15:00 &mdash; 15:55 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2022/ubuntu-meeting.2022-03-24-15.00.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning Round ===

Discussion started by bdmurray at 15:00.


=== Release Incoming Bugs ===

Discussion started by bdmurray at 15:06.

 * ''LINK:'' https://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-jj-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs   (bdmurray, 15:07)
 * ''LINK:'' https://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ff-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs   (bdmurray, 15:34)

=== Team proposed-migration report ===

Discussion started by bdmurray at 15:35.

 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs   (schopin, 15:35)

=== AOB ===

Discussion started by bdmurray at 15:46.

 * ''LINK:'' https://launchpadlibrarian.net/592787164/buildlog_ubuntu-jammy-amd64.pillow_9.0.1-1build1_BUILDING.txt.gz   (doko, 15:47)
 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ginggs/ftbfs-report/test-rebuild-20220317-jammy-jammy.html#foundations-bugs-team   (doko, 15:47)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * bdmurray (66)
 * jawn-smith (38)
 * ubottu (16)
 * schopin (9)
 * juliank (8)
 * doko (8)
 * enr0n (7)
 * meetingology (2)
 * mclemenceau (2)
 * ginggs (1)
 * alexghiti (1)
 * dbungert (1)



== Full log ==


 15:00 <bdmurray> #startmeeting Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team

 15:00 <meetingology> Meeting started at 15:00:41 UTC.  The chair is bdmurray.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 15:00 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 15:00 <bdmurray> #topic Lightning Round

 15:01 <bdmurray> So this week we are testing out posting our lightning round / status update in https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/foundations-team-updates-thursday-23-march-2022/27297/2

 15:02 <bdmurray> Let's take a minute to review them and give an opportunity for questions

 15:03 <bdmurray> schopin: you also uploaded python-pecan for enr0n or you tried to and it didn't work?

 15:03 <schopin> Tried, it was rejected :)

 15:04 <bdmurray> I see multiple people voting for the DMB, good!

 15:04 <schopin> Let's put that on the pile of the reasons for me to get core dev :)

 15:04 <bdmurray> It looks like enr0n still needs some packages spnosored

 15:04 <bdmurray> Could somebody help with that?

 15:04 <jawn-smith> o/

 15:05 <bdmurray> Thanks

 15:05 <enr0n> jawn-smith: thanks!

 15:05 <schopin> jawn-smith: if there are too many you can send a couple my way.

 15:05 <jawn-smith> I was waiting to see if any non-foundations people would pick them up but I can sponsor them if we think it's been long enough

 15:06 <jawn-smith> or schopin and I can split them

 15:06 <bdmurray> Given where we are in the release cycle we should just get them done.

 15:06 <jawn-smith> makes sense

 15:06 <bdmurray> okay, lets move on

 15:06 <bdmurray> #topic Release Incoming Bugs

 15:07 <bdmurray> #link https://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-jj-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 15:08 <bdmurray> bug 1779645

 15:08 <ubottu> Bug 1779645 in tasksel (Ubuntu) "Critical bug in tasksel: `tasksel remove task-name` removes whole system" [Critical, Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1779645

 15:09 <bdmurray> Given that this is a universe package now I think we should pass on it

 15:09 <bdmurray> But think about what we can do for rls-kk

 15:10 <bdmurray> bug 1965805

 15:10 <ubottu> Bug 1965805 in ubiquity (Ubuntu Jammy) "Ubiquity failure - Error while installing packages Ubuntu Jammy" [Critical, Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1965805

 15:10 <bdmurray> that looks like it is in hand

 15:11 <bdmurray> bug 1923052 is still incomplete so when we are doing ISO testing if people could keep an eye out for it that would be useful

 15:11 <ubottu> Bug 1923052 in ubiquity (Ubuntu) "screen reader does not read ubiquity window" [High, Incomplete] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1923052

 15:11 <bdmurray> bug 1958720 is still server-tood

 15:11 <ubottu> Bug 1958720 in pyyaml (Ubuntu) "python3-yaml and python3-six are not co-installable with python-is-python2 in jammy" [High, Incomplete] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1958720

 15:11 <bdmurray> server-todo

 15:12 <bdmurray> bug 1962751 sil2100 tested and wasn't able to recreate it so we'll leave it until we get more information

 15:12 <ubottu> Bug 1962751 in ubiquity (Ubuntu) "nvidia drivers not installed automatically" [High, Incomplete] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1962751

 15:12 <bdmurray> bug 1947588 schopin do you have an update for us?

 15:12 <ubottu> Bug 1947588 in openssl (Ubuntu Jammy) "Infinite Loop in OpenSSL s_server" [Medium, Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1947588

 15:13 <schopin> no, it slipped through the cracks. COuld we maybe card it ?

 15:14 <mclemenceau> Ok, done!

 15:14 <bdmurray> bug 1068591

 15:14 <ubottu> Bug 1068591 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu) "release upgrade should deactivate /etc/apt/preferences*" [Medium, Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1068591

 15:14 <bdmurray> didn't somebody say they ran into this?

 15:14 <bdmurray> schopin: ?

 15:14 <schopin> I did, yes.

 15:15 <schopin> It made for a miserable time upgrading after the fact...

 15:15 <bdmurray> So should the upgrader deactivate or just warn?

 15:15 <schopin> A warning should be enough.

 15:15 <bdmurray> Or some combination of the two?

 15:16 <schopin> IMO if you're doing pinning you should be able to do the right thing.

 15:16 <bdmurray> Okay, let's card that but maybe also think about looking at log files to see how many people are affected.

 15:16 <bdmurray> bug 1892369 there is a patch there

 15:16 <ubottu> Bug 1892369 in casper (Ubuntu) "Impossible to skip integrity test for ubuntu-server 20.04.1 iso" [Medium, In Progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1892369

 15:18 <bdmurray> Is there somebody somewhat familiar with casper who could review the diff?

 15:18 <bdmurray> We should target and card that though.

 15:19 <bdmurray> Okay, I'll look at it.

 15:20 <bdmurray> bug 1962454 rather than card it lets just leave it here

 15:20 <ubottu> Bug 1962454 in apport (Ubuntu) "Oops pages show wrong time window in JournalErrors" [Low, Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1962454

 15:20 <bdmurray> bug 1956835

 15:20 <ubottu> Bug 1956835 in initramfs-tools (Ubuntu) "zsys cleanup of /boot should be reevaluated" [Undecided, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1956835

 15:21 <bdmurray> juliank you know a bit about zsys right?

 15:21 <juliank> not really

 15:22 <juliank> definitely reassign there

 15:24 <jawn-smith> I'll investigate configs to limit the number of boot snapshots

 15:24 <bdmurray> Okay we'll switch the package task to zsys

 15:25 <bdmurray> bug 1965983

 15:25 <ubottu> Bug 1965983 in grub2 (Ubuntu Jammy) "ZFS snapshots without etc directory causes grub.cfg build failure" [Undecided, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1965983

 15:25 <bdmurray> juliank: this looks like something for you to review

 15:26 <bdmurray> let's target and card it since there is a patch

 15:26 <juliank> I don't really look at zfs stuff, that's all desktop's code

 15:28 <bdmurray> Okay so even though it is grub we should have the desktop team look at it?

 15:28 <juliank> I can merge it but not really test it

 15:28 <juliank> But I guess Adam did the testing, so meh

 15:30 <bdmurray> Okay, so lets go back to the original plan and card it

 15:30 <mclemenceau> ok, carded

 15:30 <bdmurray> bug 574287 we'll punt to rls-kk

 15:30 <ubottu> Bug 574287 in tasksel (Ubuntu) "tasksel: forcefully removes packages when tasks overlap" [Undecided, Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/574287

 15:31 <bdmurray> bug 1965652 - this is the bug enr0n has encounter right?

 15:31 <ubottu> Bug 1965652 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu) "machine froze when upgrading impish->jammy" [Undecided, Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1965652

 15:31 <enr0n> yes it is

 15:31 <bdmurray> and you've indicated it happens all the time?

 15:32 <enr0n> Yeah, I haven't tried in a week or so, but it was then. I can investigate furhter

 15:32 <bdmurray> Well I gather the desktop team wants the .crash file from gnome-shell

 15:32 <bdmurray> So if you could that would be great

 15:32 <bdmurray> Let's not card it though

 15:32 <enr0n> Ack.

 15:32 <bdmurray> bug 1965830

 15:32 <ubottu> Bug 1965830 in apport (Ubuntu) "apport-kde crashed with   setGeometry(self, int, int, int, int) in ui_start_info_collection_progress(): argument 1 has unexpected type 'float'" [Undecided, Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1965830

 15:33 <bdmurray> I suspect this is similar to the Kubuntu fix I uploaded for ubiquity the other day

 15:33 <bdmurray> Let's taget and card that

 15:34 <bdmurray> rls-ii-incoming is empty

 15:34 <bdmurray> #link https://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ff-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 15:34 <bdmurray> bug 1960089 is still on me

 15:34 <ubottu> Bug 1960089 in ubiquity (Ubuntu Jammy) "Request 2.0 GiB Boot Partition for 22.04LTS FDE" [High, Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1960089

 15:34 <bdmurray> and we already talked about bug 1965983

 15:34 <ubottu> Bug 1965983 in grub2 (Ubuntu Jammy) "ZFS snapshots without etc directory causes grub.cfg build failure" [Undecided, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1965983

 15:34 <bdmurray> moving on

 15:35 <bdmurray> #topic Team proposed-migration report

 15:35 <jawn-smith> o/

 15:35 <jawn-smith> Beta is 1 week from today

 15:35 <schopin> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs

 15:35 <jawn-smith> so we should try to resolve as many of these as possible

 15:35 <jawn-smith> up first is boost1.74

 15:36 <jawn-smith> ginggs has retried some of these tests and they are still running

 15:36 <jawn-smith> ginggs: you're looking at yade, are there any boost1.74 related regressions that you think need to be looked at?

 15:37 <ginggs> jawn-smith: i'll look at all of the boost regressions, and numpy, seeing it's also yade

 15:37 <jawn-smith> great, thanks!

 15:37 <jawn-smith> gpgme1.0 is FTBFS on all architectures. Anyone want to volunteer for that?

 15:38 <alexghiti> o/

 15:38 <jawn-smith> someone apparently restarted builds in the last few minutes

 15:38 <jawn-smith> pillow, any takers?

 15:38 <doko> I'll look at pillow

 15:38 <jawn-smith> thanks doko!

 15:39 <jawn-smith> libselinux is blocked by systemd

 15:39 <jawn-smith> enr0n will look at systemd

 15:39 <enr0n> Ack

 15:40 <jawn-smith> enr0n: does that include the linux-meta-raspi issue?

 15:40 <enr0n> Yeah, but from quick look that just needs a retry. Lots of ssh failures

 15:40 <jawn-smith> lmk when you need retries clicked

 15:40 <jawn-smith> gcc-12 is doko I'm assuming?

 15:41 <jawn-smith> openssl is not that old but should be looked at this close to release

 15:42 <jawn-smith> schopin is out for a while, so let's divide up the regressions

 15:42 <jawn-smith> I'll retry the arm tests

 15:43 <jawn-smith> r-cran-openssl, any takers?

 15:43 <jawn-smith> oh the arm tests look like actual failures.

 15:43 <jawn-smith> I'll take kopanocore

 15:43 <jawn-smith> any nagios experts?

 15:44 <jawn-smith> ogayot will take pexpect

 15:44 <jawn-smith> dbungert will take nagios-plugins-contrib

 15:44 <dbungert> ack

 15:45 <jawn-smith> xypron: can you take a look at r-cra-openssl?

 15:45 <jawn-smith> r-cran-openssl

 15:45 <jawn-smith> enr0n: would you like to look at stunnel and swupdate together?

 15:46 <enr0n> Yeah I can do that

 15:46 <jawn-smith> I'll restart the pam regressions

 15:46 <jawn-smith> and that's it for proposed migration

 15:46 <jawn-smith> back to you bdmurray

 15:46 <bdmurray> thanks jawn-smith

 15:46 <bdmurray> #topic AOB

 15:46 <doko> ftbfs

 15:47 <doko> https://launchpadlibrarian.net/592787164/buildlog_ubuntu-jammy-amd64.pillow_9.0.1-1build1_BUILDING.txt.gz

 15:47 <doko> oops

 15:47 <doko> https://people.canonical.com/~ginggs/ftbfs-report/test-rebuild-20220317-jammy-jammy.html#foundations-bugs-team

 15:50 <bdmurray> There has been some discussion about builds failing with no log file

 15:50 <bdmurray> And how to represent that in the report

 15:51 <doko> acpi-support: ?

 15:51 <bdmurray> I'll take that one

 15:52 <doko> gpgme1.0: ?

 15:52 <jawn-smith> gpgme1.0 is with alexghiti

 15:53 <jawn-smith> I'll take vim

 15:53 <doko> that's it

 15:53 <bdmurray> thanks doko

 15:53 <bdmurray> Keep in mind the Beta is next week and we may need help with ISO testing

 15:53 <juliank> I also have cool build failures for the ppc64el baseline rebuild in https://launchpad.net/~ci-train-ppa-service/+archive/ubuntu/4812/+packages

 15:54 <juliank> But they might not be our packages

 15:54 <juliank> lots of desktop stuff unfortunately

 15:55 <bdmurray> Okay, thanks everybody!

 15:55 <bdmurray> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)