== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status meeting, started by cpaelzer, 26 Apr at 14:32 &mdash; 14:41 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2022/ubuntu-meeting.2022-04-26-14.32.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== current component mismatches ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 14:33.

 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg   (cpaelzer, 14:33)
 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg   (cpaelzer, 14:33)

=== New MIRs ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 14:35.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=NEW&field.status%3Alist=CONFIRMED&assignee_option=none&field.assignee=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (cpaelzer, 14:35)
 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/nullboot/+bug/1965115   (cpaelzer, 14:35)

=== Incomplete bugs / questions ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 14:36.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (cpaelzer, 14:37)

=== MIR related Security Review Queue ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 14:38.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-security/+bugs?field.searchtext=%5BMIR%5D&assignee_option=choose&field.assignee=ubuntu-security&field.bug_reporter=&field.bug_commenter=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (cpaelzer, 14:38)

=== Any other business? ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 14:40.




== People present (lines said) ==

 * cpaelzer (50)
 * sarnold (8)
 * slyon (7)
 * joalif (3)
 * meetingology (2)
 * didrocks (2)
 * ubottu (1)



== Full log ==


 14:32 <cpaelzer> #startmeeting Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status

 14:32 <meetingology> Meeting started at 14:32:18 UTC.  The chair is cpaelzer.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 14:32 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 14:32 <cpaelzer> didrocks: joalif: slyon: sarnold: (all already here) o/

 14:32 <cpaelzer> jamespage: ping for MIR meeting

 14:32 <cpaelzer> no previous action items to check

 14:33 <cpaelzer> let us see if the kinetic kudu already fills up any of our work queues

 14:33 <cpaelzer> #topic current component mismatches

 14:33 <cpaelzer> Mission: Identify required actions and spread the load among the teams

 14:33 <cpaelzer> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg

 14:33 <cpaelzer> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg

 14:33 <cpaelzer> only known false-positives

 14:33 <sarnold> z3 is kinda real-positive, though, right?

 14:33 <slyon> I investigated llvm-toolchain-13 -> z3.

 14:34 <cpaelzer> sarnold: yes but we pinged foundations on it already

 14:34 <slyon> llvm-13 is being pulled in by the new rustc MIR

 14:34 <slyon> it was excluded before. And then we have llvm-13 -> llvm-13-dev -> libz3-dev dependencies

 14:34 <slyon> so it's real, and Simon already had been looking into it

 14:35 <cpaelzer> for our screening I consider this "handled by the owner" and we can wait for it to resolve

 14:35 <slyon> ack

 14:35 <cpaelzer> FYI - we intend to try to re-tackle ipmitool MIR, so this long running visitor in mismatches might be gone at the end of 22.10

 14:35 <sarnold> \o/

 14:35 <cpaelzer> #topic New MIRs

 14:35 <cpaelzer> Mission: ensure to assign all incoming reviews for fast processing

 14:35 <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=NEW&field.status%3Alist=CONFIRMED&assignee_option=none&field.assignee=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 14:35 <cpaelzer> nullboot by juliank

 14:35 <cpaelzer> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/nullboot/+bug/1965115

 14:35 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1965115 in nullboot (Ubuntu) "[MIR] nullboot" [Undecided, New]

 14:36 <cpaelzer> looks like this was waiting for jamym to close to be finalized and directed at us

 14:36 <cpaelzer> needs a reviewer, anyone not busy with the roadmap sprint at the moment?

 14:36 <joalif> I can look at it

 14:36 <cpaelzer> thank you, assigned

 14:36 <joalif> ok

 14:36 <cpaelzer> #topic Incomplete bugs / questions

 14:36 <cpaelzer> Mission: Identify required actions and spread the load among the teams

 14:37 <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 14:37 <cpaelzer> no updates since last week

 14:37 <cpaelzer> the rustc related mdevtl which is on place #3 will come back next cycle as real MIR

 14:37 <cpaelzer> well it is in main, but I'll bring thes rust-mir-rules up again

 14:37 <cpaelzer> to be able to switch to the new version

 14:38 <cpaelzer> ok, good for now - going on

 14:38 <cpaelzer> #topic MIR related Security Review Queue

 14:38 <cpaelzer> Mission: Check on progress, do deadlines seem doable?

 14:38 <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-security/+bugs?field.searchtext=%5BMIR%5D&assignee_option=choose&field.assignee=ubuntu-security&field.bug_reporter=&field.bug_commenter=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 14:38 <cpaelzer> sarnold: now that the release spike is done, might I ask how these remaining ones look?

 14:38 <cpaelzer> telegraf is next by order of milestones

 14:38 <cpaelzer> ccid/opensc/pcsc-lit is a security item anyway

 14:39 <cpaelzer> I know people in CPC that would love to get vulkan-tools done (I need to tell them how to prioritize them)

 14:39 <sarnold> cpaelzer: we haven't started anything new in the last week, we've been cleaning up loose ends all over the place; but the good news is, now we've got more people who've done one already :)

 14:39 <cpaelzer> \o/

 14:39 <sarnold> I'm unlikely to start in on another one in the next week though

 14:39 <cpaelzer> so can I ask to get eyes on telegraf soon'ish please?

 14:39 <sarnold> it'll be next, anyway :)

 14:39 <cpaelzer> use your new people :-)

 14:39 <sarnold> poor little guy has been on the queue for a whilke..

 14:40 <cpaelzer> next is great, but what I mean is not beeing "next" in October :-)

 14:40 <sarnold> *nod*

 14:40 <cpaelzer> thanks

 14:40 <cpaelzer> I'll talk to CPC about the prio of vulkan-tools

 14:40 <cpaelzer> that probably will need to go up in priop as well

 14:40 <cpaelzer> otherwise I'm happy on this list

 14:40 <cpaelzer> #topic Any other business?

 14:40 <sarnold> none here

 14:41 <slyon> no

 14:41 <joalif> nope

 14:41 <didrocks> nothing either

 14:41 <cpaelzer> fast and efficient (10 of 30 minutes) - I like that part of the ubuntu dev cycle

 14:41 <cpaelzer> no extra topic

 14:41 <cpaelzer> thank you all!

 14:41 <slyon> thank you cpaelzer, all!

 14:41 <didrocks> thanks all, cpaelzer!

 14:41 <cpaelzer> it will get busier for sure

 14:41 <cpaelzer> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)