== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status meeting, started by cpaelzer, 05 Apr at 14:47 &mdash; 15:02 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2022/ubuntu-meeting.2022-04-05-14.47.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== Review of previous action items ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 14:47.


=== current component mismatches ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 14:47.

 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg   (cpaelzer, 14:47)
 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg   (cpaelzer, 14:47)

=== New MIRs ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 14:55.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=NEW&field.status%3Alist=CONFIRMED&assignee_option=none&field.assignee=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (cpaelzer, 14:55)
 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/mesa-amber/+bug/1967086   (cpaelzer, 14:55)

=== Incomplete bugs / questions ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 14:56.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (cpaelzer, 14:56)
 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/cargo/+bug/1957932   (cpaelzer, 14:56)

=== MIR related Security Review Queue ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 14:58.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-security/+bugs?field.searchtext=%5BMIR%5D&assignee_option=choose&field.assignee=ubuntu-security&field.bug_reporter=&field.bug_commenter=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (cpaelzer, 14:58)

=== Any other business? ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 15:01.




== People present (lines said) ==

 * cpaelzer (55)
 * sarnold (7)
 * ubottu (3)
 * didrocks (3)
 * meetingology (2)
 * joalif (1)
 * schopin (1)



== Full log ==


 14:47 <cpaelzer> #startmeeting Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status

 14:47 <meetingology> Meeting started at 14:47:13 UTC.  The chair is cpaelzer.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 14:47 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 14:47 <cpaelzer> slyon is out, didrocks will read the log later - jamespage sarnold joalif - ping for (late) MIR meeting

 14:47 <cpaelzer> #topic Review of previous action items

 14:47 <cpaelzer> none - that was quick

 14:47 <joalif> o/

 14:47 <cpaelzer> #topic current component mismatches

 14:47 <cpaelzer> Mission: Identify required actions and spread the load among the teams

 14:47 <cpaelzer> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg

 14:47 <cpaelzer> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg

 14:48 <cpaelzer> tk -> xterm was the newest false positive last week

 14:48 <cpaelzer> didrocks: already said he will take mesa-amber

 14:48 <cpaelzer> nothing else new in here AFAICS

 14:48 <sarnold> hey cpaelzer :)

 14:48 <cpaelzer> nftables

 14:48 <cpaelzer> actually is ready for promotion now

 14:48 <cpaelzer> the seed change landed

 14:49 <sarnold> woot! thanks for your help cpaelzer :)

 14:49 <cpaelzer> Oh I see, wrong status

 14:49 <cpaelzer> that is how it was missed

 14:49 <cpaelzer> resolving

 14:55 <cpaelzer> done

 14:55 <cpaelzer> sorry, I'm still slow doing a few more checks ...

 14:55 <cpaelzer> #topic New MIRs

 14:55 <cpaelzer> Mission: ensure to assign all incoming reviews for fast processing

 14:55 <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=NEW&field.status%3Alist=CONFIRMED&assignee_option=none&field.assignee=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 14:55 <cpaelzer> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/mesa-amber/+bug/1967086

 14:55 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1967086 in mesa-amber (Ubuntu) "MIR: mesa-amber" [Undecided, New]

 14:55 <cpaelzer> already agreed to be on didrocks plate

 14:55 <cpaelzer> nothing else

 14:56 <cpaelzer> #topic Incomplete bugs / questions

 14:56 <cpaelzer> Mission: Identify required actions and spread the load among the teams

 14:56 <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 14:56 <cpaelzer> only rustc

 14:56 <cpaelzer> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/cargo/+bug/1957932

 14:56 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1957932 in rustc (Ubuntu) "[MIR] rustc, cargo, dh-cargo" [Critical, In Progress]

 14:57 <cpaelzer> ok this can be done after the meeting

 14:57 <cpaelzer> schopin: do you expect us/me to ack on your seed or does anyone else from foundations have a look and merge it?

 14:58 <cpaelzer> no other case with recent updates

 14:58 <schopin> cpaelzer: if you have the bandwidth it'd be nice, but I can pester my teammates.

 14:58 <cpaelzer> since time is short, let us go on

 14:58 <cpaelzer> pester please - the interim M job takes a toll these days

 14:58 <cpaelzer> #topic MIR related Security Review Queue

 14:58 <cpaelzer> Mission: Check on progress, do deadlines seem doable?

 14:58 <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-security/+bugs?field.searchtext=%5BMIR%5D&assignee_option=choose&field.assignee=ubuntu-security&field.bug_reporter=&field.bug_commenter=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 14:59 <cpaelzer> the list is good, nothing with 22.04 deadline left unassigned

 14:59 <cpaelzer> that leaves https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/glusterfs/+bug/1950321 as the only one

 14:59 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1950321 in glusterfs (Ubuntu) "[MIR] glusterfs" [Critical, Confirmed]

 14:59 <cpaelzer> the only one we still wait on

 14:59 <cpaelzer> sarnold: ^^ help

 14:59 <cpaelzer> and sbeattie ^^ help

 14:59 <cpaelzer> I'd do anything for love ... umm .... this review :-)

 15:00 <didrocks> (this is an opportunity for beers at next sprint sarnold :p)

 15:00 <cpaelzer> if that would help sign me up

 15:00 <sarnold> alas there's only one sbeattie :( he's done enough of this review that it probably doesn't make sense to try to juggle it away to someone else

 15:00 <cpaelzer> I tried alredy - but if there is anything else we can help to get glusterfs completed let me know

 15:01 <cpaelzer> you can envision a team (and their committments and roadmap items) shivering in wait for this :-)

 15:01 <cpaelzer> ok, I guess sarnold and sbeattie know how urgent / important that is for us

 15:01 <sarnold> yes :(

 15:01 <sarnold> also yes

 15:01 <cpaelzer> and to be fair - we solved everything else already, so we are almost there and huge thanks for that

 15:01 <cpaelzer> #topic Any other business?

 15:02 <sarnold> none from me

 15:02 <didrocks> yeah, seeing the list few months ago, itâ€™s awesome to get to that state now

 15:02 <didrocks> nothing either

 15:02 <cpaelzer> none from me either

 15:02 <cpaelzer> other than conflicting meeting

 15:02 <cpaelzer> ending here to join the other

 15:02 <sarnold> heh

 15:02 <cpaelzer> see you all

 15:02 <cpaelzer> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)