== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status meeting, started by cpaelzer, 04 Jan at 15:29 &mdash; 15:51 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2022/ubuntu-meeting.2022-01-04-15.29.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== Review of previous action items ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 15:32.

 * ''LINK:'' https://github.com/cpaelzer/ubuntu-mir/pull/4   (cpaelzer, 15:33)

=== current component mismatches ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 15:37.

 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg   (cpaelzer, 15:37)
 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg   (cpaelzer, 15:37)

=== New MIRs ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 15:43.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=NEW&field.status%3Alist=CONFIRMED&assignee_option=none&field.assignee=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (cpaelzer, 15:43)

=== Incomplete bugs / questions ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 15:43.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (cpaelzer, 15:43)

=== Any other business? ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 15:45.




== People present (lines said) ==

 * cpaelzer (72)
 * sarnold (11)
 * didrocks (9)
 * slyon (7)
 * joalif (5)
 * ubottu (3)
 * didrocks999 (3)
 * meetingology (2)



== Full log ==


 15:29 <cpaelzer> #startmeeting Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status

 15:29 <meetingology> Meeting started at 15:29:36 UTC.  The chair is cpaelzer.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 15:29 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 15:29 <slyon> o/ hey there, happy new year MIR team!

 15:29 <cpaelzer> yeah - indeed

 15:30 <sarnold> good morning, happy new year :)

 15:30 <joalif> happy new year!

 15:30 <didrocks> happy new year!

 15:30 <cpaelzer> ping slyon, didrocks, sarnold, joalif (optional: doko ddstreet) for MIR meeting

 15:31 <cpaelzer> arrr

 15:31 <cpaelzer> year starts bad by me forgetting jamespage :-(

 15:32 <cpaelzer> updated the wiki to copy and paste it from now on :-)

 15:32 <cpaelzer> ok let us get this started, hoping the others will join in a bit

 15:32 <cpaelzer> #topic Review of previous action items

 15:32 <cpaelzer> we had more discussions on the rust rules, but those can stay in just github as preliminary for now

 15:32 <cpaelzer> for now => until the rust MIR itself is more mature

 15:33 <cpaelzer> But we also had something simple yet helpful in

 15:33 <cpaelzer> https://github.com/cpaelzer/ubuntu-mir/pull/4

 15:33 <ubottu> Pull 4 in cpaelzer/ubuntu-mir "enhance template for listing installed services" [Open]

 15:33 <cpaelzer> We have two reviews (mine and slyon) and no negative statements

 15:33 <cpaelzer> I'd make that active after the meeting unless there are objections

 15:33 <cpaelzer> are there any?

 15:34 <didrocks999> (sorry, my IRC disconnected, missed previous pings if any)

 15:35 <cpaelzer> hehe

 15:35 <cpaelzer> wb didrocks999

 15:35 <sarnold> cpaelzer: is 'recurring jobs' there meant to cover both systemd jobs as well as crontab entries?

 15:36 <sarnold> didrocks999: we're discussing https://github.com/cpaelzer/ubuntu-mir/pull/4 at the moment

 15:36 <ubottu> Pull 4 in cpaelzer/ubuntu-mir "enhance template for listing installed services" [Open]

 15:36 <didrocks999> ack

 15:36 <cpaelzer> sarnold: that is the purpose, before we just said services

 15:36 <cpaelzer> sarnold: which is too narrow

 15:37 <cpaelzer> you'd be the first to complain about a root, crontab executing some random data

 15:37 <cpaelzer> doesn't have to be a service to be bad

 15:37 <sarnold> *nod*

 15:37 <cpaelzer> hence the extension to cover them all

 15:37 <didrocks999> agreed

 15:37 <cpaelzer> ok with that topic then, thanks

 15:37 <didrocks> I think this is a nice addition, I don’t have anything to add to the PR itself

 15:37 <cpaelzer> as i said I'll make it active after the meeting

 15:37 <cpaelzer> #topic current component mismatches

 15:37 <cpaelzer> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg

 15:37 <cpaelzer> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg

 15:37 <cpaelzer> I have identified four

 15:38 <cpaelzer> let me go through those and then let me know if you see more

 15:38 <sarnold> heh, you were right, debian folks were busy :)

 15:38 <cpaelzer> hehe

 15:38 <cpaelzer> libstring-copyright-perl -> libset-intspan-perl

 15:38 <cpaelzer> that is a foundations subscription, slyon would you mind to check what you want to do with that?

 15:39 <slyon> yes, will do

 15:39 <cpaelzer> poistgresql-14 ->llvm-toolchain-13 is for server (postrgesql) and I started a mail thread with the kernel team

 15:39 <cpaelzer> they own the former versions and I asked if they would be ok to take -13 as well before I open an MIR

 15:39 <cpaelzer> that MIR is probably trivial as it is just a version bump

 15:40 <cpaelzer> next is suitesparse -> suitesparse-graphblas

 15:40 <cpaelzer> didrocks: that is a descktop subscription, would you have a look how you want to deal with it?

 15:40 <cpaelzer> -c

 15:40 <didrocks> will do

 15:40 <didrocks> double recommends :p

 15:40 <cpaelzer> and finally (of those I found)

 15:41 <cpaelzer> php-xmlrpc - that was split out of php and I started https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/php-xmlrpc/+bug/1956345 to deal with it

 15:41 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1956345 in php-xmlrpc (Ubuntu) "[MIR] php-xmlrpc" [Undecided, Incomplete]

 15:41 <cpaelzer> didrocks: is that the answer for suitesparse, you might have to tell me a few more times until I can memorize it as known false-positve

 15:41 <cpaelzer> anything else that you can spot we need to deal with?

 15:42 <didrocks> cpaelzer: no, I just mean I’ll have a look, I didn’t know we display multiple recommends on the graph

 15:42 <sarnold> I think libio-prompt-tiny-perl is new to the list, but it feels like foundations may already be on it, it was mentioned in here

 15:42 <slyon> yes, that's pending inside foundation's backlog

 15:42 <cpaelzer> yeah, generally if it has a stub bug (like this) it has an owner

 15:43 <cpaelzer> in this stage we just want to avoid things get lingering and languishing in here until we explode

 15:43 <cpaelzer> #topic New MIRs

 15:43 <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=NEW&field.status%3Alist=CONFIRMED&assignee_option=none&field.assignee=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 15:43 <cpaelzer> none

 15:43 <cpaelzer> #topic Incomplete bugs / questions

 15:43 <didrocks> \o/

 15:43 <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 15:44 <cpaelzer> raqm I saw the update, is dealt with by a package update

 15:44 <cpaelzer> php-xmlrpc I just mentioned

 15:44 <cpaelzer> glusterfs gets new tests, but those are completed

 15:44 <cpaelzer> it is actually "only" on security no more on the team

 15:44 <cpaelzer> changing incomplete->new

 15:45 <slyon> nice

 15:45 <cpaelzer> done

 15:45 <cpaelzer> everything else is older

 15:45 <cpaelzer> #topic Any other business?

 15:46 <didrocks> nothing for me

 15:46 <sarnold> nothing here

 15:46 <slyon> nothing

 15:46 <cpaelzer> We all need to make sure we wear the nicest IRC cloak next week as I guess we will welcome our newest team member: joalif

 15:47 <cpaelzer> nothing else :-)

 15:47 <sarnold> lol

 15:47 <cpaelzer> question, were there any assigned review on anyone of you that are still stalled?

 15:47 <cpaelzer> or are those we saw all that are in flight

 15:47 <joalif> cpaelzer: I'm here :)

 15:48 <cpaelzer> hiho, welcome to the team

 15:48 <sarnold> welcome joalif :)

 15:48 <slyon> welcome on board joalif!

 15:48 <joalif> thanks!

 15:48 <didrocks> welcome!

 15:48 <cpaelzer> joalif: above you see on of our weekly syncs, from there we assign reviews or discuss/decide on anything that needs to be done

 15:49 <cpaelzer> usually for new members on the first few reviews assigned we essentially "review the review" and try to start with some simpler packages

 15:49 <didrocks> cpaelzer: I have one for desktop, but seb will be back next week only anyway

 15:49 <cpaelzer> since we had none to assign today we can't do that yet :-)

 15:49 <cpaelzer> ok didrocks thanks for the heads up

 15:49 <cpaelzer> well, I guess for today that is it then

 15:50 <joalif> yup, I'm going through the MIR process to understand how it works

 15:50 <cpaelzer> yeah it is a good read, but will only come to live once you handle it for real :-)

 15:50 <cpaelzer> closing words of today - always keep in mind 1.09% of the year is already over, so hurry up

 15:50 <cpaelzer> o/

 15:51 <slyon> haha o/

 15:51 <cpaelzer> goodbye, see you all next week

 15:51 <joalif> bye o/

 15:51 <sarnold> awesome :) I'm already looking forward to next year-end break..

 15:51 <sarnold> thanks cpaelzer, all :)

 15:51 <cpaelzer> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)