== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team meeting, started by jawn-smith, 18 Aug at 15:00 &mdash; 16:07 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2022/ubuntu-meeting.2022-08-18-15.00.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning Round ===

Discussion started by jawn-smith at 15:01.


=== Release incoming bugs ===

Discussion started by jawn-smith at 15:10.

 * ''LINK:'' https://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-kk-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs   (jawn-smith, 15:10)
 * ''LINK:'' https://lists.debian.org/debian-devel/2022/08/msg00078.html   (ogayot, 15:19)
 * ''LINK:'' https://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-jj-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs   (jawn-smith, 15:23)

=== Team proposed-migration report ===

Discussion started by jawn-smith at 15:31.

 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs   (jawn-smith, 15:32)

=== AOB ===

Discussion started by jawn-smith at 15:44.

 * ''LINK:'' https://merges.ubuntu.com/main.html?query=foundations-bugs&showProposed=false&showMergeNeeded=true   (slyon, 15:44)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * slyon (60)
 * vorlon (41)
 * jawn-smith (38)
 * bdmurray (8)
 * ubottu (8)
 * bdrung_ (6)
 * doko (5)
 * mclemenceau (4)
 * sil2100 (4)
 * waveform (3)
 * schopin (3)
 * meetingology (2)
 * xypron (2)
 * juliank (2)
 * ogayot (1)



== Full log ==


 15:00 <jawn-smith> #startmeeting Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team

 15:00 <meetingology> Meeting started at 15:00:45 UTC.  The chair is jawn-smith.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 15:00 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 15:01 <slyon> o/

 15:01 <jawn-smith> #topic Lightning Round

 15:01 <jawn-smith> The status is here: https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/foundations-team-updates-thursday-18-august-2022/30050/6

 15:01 <jawn-smith> Let's all take our usual few minutes to read and ask questions

 15:02 <bdmurray> Maybe it shouldn't be called lightning round - perhaps speed reading round?

 15:03 <jawn-smith> Whoever can actually edit the wiki could fix the script

 15:03 <bdmurray> "seems freaky" is scary

 15:06 <bdmurray> I have 0 questions

 15:06 <bdrung_> vorlon, you did a full SRU rotation, but sadly apport is still waiting.

 15:06 <vorlon> bdrung_: only so many hours in a day

 15:07 <vorlon> bdrung_: I don't recall apport being one I skipped over due to the bugs being incomplete. I guess I'll get to look at it tomorrow?

 15:07 <vorlon> dbungert: learning more about debian-cdimage> my condolences

 15:07 <bdrung_> I filled out the bugs that needed work.

 15:08 <bdrung_> grep-merges looks like a interesting tool to use.

 15:10 <jawn-smith> #topic Release incoming bugs

 15:10 <jawn-smith> #link https://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-kk-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 15:10 <vorlon> waveform: and thanks for the analysis of the unattended-upgrades service

 15:10 <vorlon> (I think this points us towards replacing it with a very small shell script :)

 15:11 <jawn-smith> bug 1986775

 15:11 <waveform> vorlon, actually I'm not so sure given the necessity to watch logind for PrepareForShutdown which seems to be one of the seriously important things the current script does to avoid hangs on shutdown

 15:11 <ubottu> Bug 1986775 in schroot (Ubuntu) "schroot 1.6.12-2 incompatible with sbuild-launchpad-chroot" [High, Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1986775

 15:12 <vorlon> waveform: ah

 15:15 <jawn-smith> This appears to need fixing in sbuild-launchpad-chroot rather than schroot, as the schroot change addresses a CVE

 15:17 <jawn-smith> The action appears to be talking to the DM about not having the preinst die in this scenario

 15:17 <jawn-smith> so let's card that

 15:18 <jawn-smith> mclemenceau: do you mind creating a card?

 15:18 <mclemenceau> will do ;)

 15:18 <jawn-smith> Thanks!

 15:18 <jawn-smith> bug 1986796

 15:18 <ubottu> Bug 1986796 in linux-firmware (Ubuntu) "amd64-microcode conflicts with linux-firmware" [High, Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1986796

 15:19 <ogayot> https://lists.debian.org/debian-devel/2022/08/msg00078.html

 15:19 <vorlon> not-for-us

 15:20 <vorlon> (the amd64-microcode bug)

 15:20 <jawn-smith> Excellent

 15:20 <jawn-smith> bug 1981109

 15:20 <ubottu> Bug 1981109 in modemmanager (Ubuntu) "server image pulls in ModemManager via fwupd, consumes 25MiB RAM in every container" [High, Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1981109

 15:20 <jawn-smith> Still with desktop and still nothing for us to do?

 15:21 <vorlon> that's actually an SRU of livecd-rootfs now

 15:22 <vorlon> which is unblocked now after kinetic verification and I think has a card already

 15:22 <jawn-smith> Excellent

 15:22 <jawn-smith> backing up to bug 1986796

 15:22 <ubottu> Bug 1986796 in linux-firmware (Ubuntu) "amd64-microcode conflicts with linux-firmware" [High, Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1986796

 15:22 <jawn-smith> We had some discussion offline and agreed that this does need an update to the amd64-microcode package, so let's create a card

 15:23 <mclemenceau> on it

 15:23 <jawn-smith> Thanks!

 15:23 <jawn-smith> That's it for kk

 15:23 <jawn-smith> #link https://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-jj-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 15:24 <jawn-smith> bug 1985253

 15:24 <ubottu> Bug 1985253 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu) "In a new 20.04 LXD container, do-release-upgrade crashes as lspci cannot be found" [High, Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1985253

 15:25 <jawn-smith> bdmurray: The title seems to have changed to indicate this might be a focal issue instead?

 15:26 <bdmurray> jawn-smith: its an issue with jammy b/c the release upgrade process downloads a tarball

 15:26 <jawn-smith> ah of course

 15:26 <schopin> oh, regression from my nvidia patch

 15:27 <bdmurray> it just needs a try except probably

 15:27 <jawn-smith> Okay if it's a regression in something we worked let's card that

 15:27 <mclemenceau> Ok

 15:28 <jawn-smith> bug 1985054

 15:28 <ubottu> Bug 1985054 in ubiquity (Ubuntu) "nvidia-settings no longer preinstalled with NVidia drivers in offline mode" [Medium, Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1985054

 15:29 <sil2100> Yeah, we discovered this during 22.04.1 testing

 15:29 <sil2100> Not sure if it happens in online install

 15:29 <sil2100> Offline for sure

 15:29 <jawn-smith> Can we create a card to investigate if it happens with online install?

 15:29 <jawn-smith> and to fix it I suppose

 15:30 <sil2100> I'd say +1 on that

 15:30 <mclemenceau> ok carding

 15:30 <jawn-smith> Perfect, thank you

 15:31 <jawn-smith> bug 1981721 is still waiting, nothing for us to do.

 15:31 <ubottu> Bug 1981721 in netplan.io (Ubuntu) "dual port SRIOV NIC with 64 VFs per PF  is not configured with switchdev eswitch mode" [Undecided, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1981721

 15:31 <slyon> yes. let's skip that one, we didn't get an update/reproducer, yet.

 15:31 <jawn-smith> ff is empty \o/

 15:31 <jawn-smith> #topic Team proposed-migration report

 15:32 <jawn-smith> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs

 15:32 <jawn-smith> vorlon:

 15:33 <vorlon> let's see! kind of a long list today

 15:33 <vorlon> ubuntu-meta: desktop

 15:33 <vorlon> lintian: in-progress MIR LP: #1980662 appears to be in ginggs hands

 15:33 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1980662 in lintian (Ubuntu) "[MIR] lib*-perl for lintian 2.115" [Undecided, Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1980662

 15:33 <vorlon> mutt: gsasl, MIR, discussed earlier; assigned to jawn-smith

 15:34 <vorlon> gcc-defaults: appears to be blocked by glibc migration so nothing to do there specifically

 15:35 <vorlon> libuv1: this is left with enr0n

 15:35 <vorlon> and then wow, everything after that is new since last week

 15:36 <vorlon> python3-stdlib-extensions: sounds like ginggs will be looking at this

 15:36 <vorlon> psycopg2 ftbfs.  bdrung_ can you look at this?

 15:36 <bdrung_> yes

 15:37 <vorlon> cmake blocking python3-defaults; probably an infrastructure issue and autopkgtests just need retried.  bdmurray can you take this?

 15:37 <bdmurray> yes

 15:37 <vorlon> grub2 depends on grub2-unsigned depends on grub2-signed which is missing builds, sounds like an AA problem, I'll take it

 15:38 <vorlon> by which I mean I'll click 'accept' right now

 15:38 <vorlon> polib blocking python3-defaults: waveform ?

 15:38 <waveform> ack

 15:38 <vorlon> actually let me take that back

 15:39 <vorlon> ginggs will retry the python3-defaults autopkgtests as a group

 15:39 <vorlon> so we'll skip the lot of these, scanning

 15:39 <bdrung_> probably ubuntu-release-upgrader is the next

 15:40 <schopin> it's python3-defaults related

 15:40 <vorlon> that was also python3-defaults related, so we'll wait to see what shakes out

 15:40 <vorlon> glibc

 15:41 <vorlon> mwhudson has been working on these and hasn't specifically asked for any help, but if someone is inclined to dig in we might get it done faster

 15:41 <schopin> I'm working on it as well

 15:41 <doko> I'll also look into these

 15:41 <vorlon> thanks

 15:41 <vorlon> libipc-run-perl: autopkgtest regressions. waveform ?

 15:41 <waveform> okay

 15:42 <vorlon> netkit-telnet: some component-mismatches that need resolved. xypron can you take this?

 15:42 <vorlon> netkit-telnet + inetutils both now depend on packages in universe

 15:42 <slyon> I'd like to take netkit-telnet as that's a component-mismatch and MIR related

 15:43 <slyon> already had a brief look at it after the last MIR meeting

 15:43 <slyon> it's a new transitional package causing this

 15:43 <vorlon> ok

 15:43 <vorlon> netkit-telnet + inetutils: slyon

 15:43 <vorlon> gnutls28: i386 autopkgtest failure; sil2100 ?  (and feel free to poke me if you have questions)

 15:44 <vorlon> and finally libtype-tiny-perl: xypron ?

 15:44 <vorlon> and that's it

 15:44 <xypron> I can give it a try

 15:44 <vorlon> xypron: thanks

 15:44 <vorlon> jawn-smith: back to you

 15:44 <jawn-smith> #topic AOB

 15:44 <slyon> doko:

 15:44 <slyon> #link https://merges.ubuntu.com/main.html?query=foundations-bugs&showProposed=false&showMergeNeeded=true

 15:45 <bdmurray> In addition to creating a card, the bug should be targetted for the relevant release and the rls-**-incoming tag should be removed

 15:45 <doko> we have around 50 packages

 15:45 <bdrung_> i saw apport_python_hook.py in the stack trace of the failed ubuntu-release-upgrader autopkgtest.

 15:45 <doko> so that would be 3-4 for everyone to merge

 15:46 <doko> dbus: waveform

 15:47 <slyon> console-setup, doko

 15:47 <doko> console-setup: doko

 15:50 <slyon> libsigsegv, alex-ghiti/bdrung

 15:50 <slyon> findutils, sil2100

 15:50 <slyon> procps, slyon

 15:50 <slyon> packagekit, bdmurray

 15:51 <slyon> plymouth => desktop team

 15:51 <slyon> cron, sil2100

 15:51 <slyon> tzdata, schopin

 15:52 <slyon> u-boot, waveform

 15:52 <slyon> cdebconf, doko

 15:52 <slyon> socat, juliank

 15:53 <slyon> sysvinit, ogayot

 15:53 <slyon> advancecomp, sil2100

 15:53 <slyon> rustc, schopin

 15:54 <slyon> lsb, doko

 15:54 <vorlon> lsb, vorlon

 15:54 <slyon> err... lsb, vorlon

 15:55 <slyon> user-setup, slyon

 15:55 <slyon> pexpect, waveform

 15:56 <slyon> osprober, ogayot

 15:56 <slyon> bash, doko

 15:56 <slyon> u-boot-menu, xypron

 15:57 <slyon> avahi, ginggs

 15:57 <slyon> busybox, jawn-smith

 15:58 <slyon> xfsprogs, juliank

 15:58 <xypron> mokutil: xypron

 15:58 <slyon> systemd, enr0n

 15:58 <slyon> gmp, doko

 15:58 <slyon> keyutils, ogayot

 15:58 <slyon> gdb, doko

 15:59 <slyon> rhash, mwhudson

 15:59 <juliank> bdmurray: I trade you socat for packagekit

 15:59 <slyon> openssl, schopin

 15:59 <slyon> mdadm, ginggs

 15:59 <slyon> netplan.io, slyon

 15:59 * juliank likes package stuff

 16:00 <slyon> lvm2, waveform

 16:00 <slyon> kmod, slyon

 16:00 <slyon> valgrind, mwhudson

 16:01 <slyon> zlib, vorlon

 16:01 <bdmurray> I'm not sure I'll get to any merges.

 16:01 <slyon> libvpx, schopin

 16:01 <slyon> adduser, bdrung

 16:02 <slyon> util-linux, mwhudson

 16:02 <slyon> usrmerge, slyon

 16:03 <slyon> libdebian-installer, ginggs

 16:03 <slyon> acpid, xypron

 16:04 <slyon> unattended-upgrades, bdmurray

 16:04 <slyon> (or waveform)

 16:05 <slyon> golang-1.18, jawn-smith

 16:05 <slyon> unzip, xypron

 16:06 <slyon> dmraid, slyon

 16:06 <slyon> cryptsetup, bdrung

 16:06 <slyon> m4, doko

 16:06 <slyon> diffutils, ginngs

 16:06 <slyon> sudo, bdrung

 16:06 <slyon> pam, vorlon

 16:06 <slyon> That's all of the list :)

 16:07 <jawn-smith> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)