== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team meeting, started by bdmurray, 27 Jan at 16:00 &mdash; 16:51 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2022/ubuntu-meeting.2022-01-27-16.00.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning Round ===

Discussion started by bdmurray at 16:00.

 * ''LINK:'' https://code.launchpad.net/~slyon/snappy-hwe-snaps/+git/network-manager/+merge/412634   (slyon, 16:02)
 * ''LINK:'' https://github.com/canonical/netplan/pull/253   (slyon, 16:02)
 * ''LINK:'' https://salsa.debian.org/rust-team/cargo/-/merge_requests/10   (schopin, 16:08)
 * ''LINK:'' https://salsa.debian.org/rust-team/rust/-/merge_requests/9   (schopin, 16:08)
 * ''LINK:'' https://salsa.debian.org/jelmer/lintian-brush/-/merge_requests/20   (schopin, 16:08)

=== Release Incoming Bugs ===

Discussion started by bdmurray at 16:12.

 * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-jj-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs   (bdmurray, 16:12)

=== Team proposed-migration report ===

Discussion started by bdmurray at 16:38.

 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs   (vorlon, 16:39)

=== AOB ===

Discussion started by bdmurray at 16:50.




== People present (lines said) ==

 * bdmurray (69)
 * ubottu (48)
 * vorlon (42)
 * sil2100 (35)
 * jawn-smith (27)
 * schopin (25)
 * slyon (20)
 * juliank (17)
 * ogayot (13)
 * waveform (12)
 * alexghiti (10)
 * dbungert (9)
 * doko (9)
 * xypron (6)
 * meetingology (2)
 * cpaelzer (2)



== Full log ==


 16:00 <bdmurray> #startmeeting Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team

 16:00 <meetingology> Meeting started at 16:00:12 UTC.  The chair is bdmurray.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 16:00 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 16:00 <bdmurray> #topic Lightning Round

 16:00 * bdmurray does the shuffle

 16:00 <bdmurray> xypron slyon bdmurray alexghiti ginggs jawn-smith vorlon sil2100 mwhudson schopin waveform dbungert juliank doko ogayot

 16:00 <juliank> o/

 16:01 <bdmurray> xypron:

 16:01 <xypron> Package u-boot-menu 4.0.4

 16:01 <xypron> ´bug 1959241

 16:01 <ubottu> Bug 1959241 in u-boot-menu (Ubuntu) "Merge u-boot-menu 4.0.4 from Debian" [Undecided, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1959241

 16:02 <xypron> Get Sipeed LicheeRV  to run Ubuntu

 16:02 <xypron> Test GRUB with RISC-V

 16:02 <xypron> ktexteditor fix

 16:02 <xypron> </done>

 16:02 <slyon> - FTBFS (plusone leftover): osmium-tool, salt, junos-eznc, debian bug #1002187

 16:02 <slyon> - Merges: wget, systemd 249.9

 16:02 <slyon> - Sponsorings: lintian & paramiko for schopin, LP: #1959004, LP: #1959095

 16:02 <slyon> + review of bug #1957100

 16:02 <slyon> - NM snap, removal of vendorized netplan \o/

 16:02 <slyon> https://code.launchpad.net/~slyon/snappy-hwe-snaps/+git/network-manager/+merge/412634

 16:02 <slyon> - systemd-oomd packaging & other fixes

 16:02 <ubottu> Debian bug 1002187 in src:junos-eznc "junos-eznc: FTBFS: dh_auto_test: error: pybuild --test -i python{version} -p '3.10 3.9' returned exit code 13" [Serious, Open] https://bugs.debian.org/1002187

 16:02 <slyon> LP: #1959013, LP: #1955997

 16:02 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1959004 in lintian (Ubuntu) "lintian: remove unused non-main dependency libio-prompt-tiny-perl" [High, Fix Released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1959004

 16:02 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1959095 in paramiko (Ubuntu) "breezy FTBFS due to deprecation warning in paramiko" [Undecided, In Progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1959095

 16:02 <ubottu> Bug 1957100 in lintian (Ubuntu) "Merge lintian 2.114.0 from Debian unstable" [Wishlist, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1957100

 16:02 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1959013 in systemd (Ubuntu) "systemd test_exec_umask_namespace fails in privileged container" [Undecided, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1959013

 16:02 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1955997 in systemd (Ubuntu Jammy) "The airplane hotkey has no function on a HP platform" [Undecided, In Progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1955997

 16:02 <slyon> - MIR prioritization (LP: #1948748, LP: #1957932) and review, LP: #1954909

 16:02 <slyon> === Netplan ===

 16:02 <slyon> - Merged https://github.com/canonical/netplan/pull/252

 16:02 <slyon> - cont. work on SmartNIC functionality:

 16:02 <slyon> https://github.com/canonical/netplan/pull/253

 16:02 <slyon> (done)

 16:02 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1948748 in swtpm (Ubuntu) "[MIR] swtpm" [High, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1948748

 16:02 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1957932 in rustc (Ubuntu) "[MIR] rustc, cargo" [Critical, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1957932

 16:02 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1954909 in ubuntu-advantage-desktop-daemon (Ubuntu) "[MIR] ubuntu-advantage-desktop-daemon" [High, Fix Committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1954909

 16:02 <ubottu> Pull 252 in canonical/netplan "YAML consolidation: `netplan get` (FR-702)" [Merged]

 16:02 <ubottu> Pull 253 in canonical/netplan "Enable eswitch mode setting for certain devices" [Open]

 16:03 <bdmurray> merged waveform's ubuntu-manual tests for the RPi Desktop images

 16:03 <bdmurray> updated the ISO tracker with the new test cases from above

 16:03 <bdmurray> reviewed seb128's MP regarding a new desktop installer snap hook

 16:03 <bdmurray> fixed some autopkgtest failures in apport

 16:03 <bdmurray> merged and uploaded the above hook in apport for Jammy

 16:03 <bdmurray> reviewed, merged, updated server with waveform's RPi json file changes

 16:03 <bdmurray> worked on the EoL of 21.04

 16:03 <bdmurray> wrote some launchpadlib code to deactivate milestones for a series

 16:03 <bdmurray> tested aptdaemon build again and it passed so I retried it in LP

 16:03 <bdmurray> special SRU review of neutron fixing a regression in -updates

 16:03 <bdmurray> merged ubiquity MP from RikMills fixing LP: #1958120

 16:03 <bdmurray> fixed a ubiquity autopkgtest failure with python3.10

 16:03 <bdmurray> uploaded ubiquity for jammy

 16:03 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1958120 in ubiquity (Ubuntu Jammy) "Kubuntu Jammy ISO doesn't start welcome screen" [High, Fix Released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1958120

 16:03 <bdmurray> updated sru-report which ignores comments from the sru-bot

 16:03 <bdmurray> sru verification of cpuset SRU LP: #1907881

 16:03 <bdmurray> wrote a release note entry regarding BIOS boot taking ages

 16:03 <bdmurray> administrative work (travel booking)                                                                                                       conducted an interview

 16:03 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1907881 in cpuset (Ubuntu Focal) "cpuset package missing dependency in focal" [Low, Fix Committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1907881

 16:04 <bdmurray> ✔done

 16:04 <alexghiti> newt still needs sponsorhttps://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/newt/+bug/1958502

 16:04 <alexghiti> ruby-pygments.rb uploaded but failed autopkgtests, MR the fix to debian

 16:04 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1958502 in newt (Ubuntu) "Please merge newt 0.52.21-5 (main) from Debian unstable (main)" [Wishlist, New]

 16:04 <alexghiti> Acpid merge needs sponsor https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/acpid/+bug/1958897

 16:04 <alexghiti> Logrotate merge needs sponsor https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/logrotate/+bug/1958887

 16:04 <alexghiti> Linux kernel 5.16 still failing to build on LP for several reasons

 16:04 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1958897 in acpid (Ubuntu) "Please merge acpid 2.0.33-1 (main) from Debian unstable (main)" [Wishlist, New]

 16:04 <alexghiti> Nezha Wifi driver xr829 builds on 5.16 but BUGs

 16:04 <alexghiti> (done)

 16:04 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1958887 in logrotate (Ubuntu) "Please merge logrotate 3.19.0-1 (main) from Debian unstable (main)" [Wishlist, New]

 16:04 <sil2100> bdmurray: oh, new ubiquity? Did you pull in my password-show feature as well?

 16:04 <bdmurray> sil2100: I did

 16:04 <sil2100> \o/ Now I just need the KDE part to be reviewed

 16:05 <bdmurray> graham is out

 16:05 <bdmurray> jawn-smith:

 16:05 <jawn-smith> * Raspberry pi:

 16:05 <jawn-smith> * Add support for pi0 to pi-gadget snap

 16:05 <jawn-smith> * Add support for PWM slots and serial-port slots in pi-gadget snap

 16:05 <jawn-smith> * Successfully recreate 802.11ac wi-fi issue (maybe?), still examining root cause

 16:05 <jawn-smith> * Work on blog post for how to use different GPIOs in Ubuntu Core (and snaps to demo)

 16:05 <jawn-smith> * Ubuntu-image:

 16:05 <jawn-smith> * Debugging issue with libfakeroot being loaded from the host system (again)

 16:05 <jawn-smith> * Turns out was a complication with fakeroot being run in secure execution mode and

 16:05 <jawn-smith> therefore ignoring LD_LIBRARY_PATH in favor of it's own hard-coded LD_LIBRARY_PATH

 16:05 <jawn-smith> * snapd team has tested the new snap and confirmed their issues are fixed

 16:05 <jawn-smith> * Restricting PATH environment variable to forbid binary loads from outside of the snap

 16:06 <jawn-smith> * Also staging a few new packages in the snap to make this functional

 16:06 <jawn-smith> * Working on --snap flag for classic image with prebuilt filesystems (--filesystem flag)

 16:06 <jawn-smith> * Merge PR to add spread tests

 16:06 <jawn-smith> * Investigating what I believe to be a bug in snapcraft.

 16:06 <jawn-smith> * In spread environment many binaries are being patchelf-ed incorrectly while building the snap

 16:06 <jawn-smith> * Add more tasks to spread tests

 16:06 <jawn-smith> * Distro:

 16:06 <jawn-smith> * bug 1958881 sync erlang from Debian (thanks schopin)

 16:06 <ubottu> Bug 1958881 in erlang (Ubuntu) "Sync erlang 1:24.2+dfsg-1 (main) from Debian unstable (main)" [Wishlist, Fix Released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1958881

 16:06 <jawn-smith> * devscripts FTBFS on i386

 16:06 <jawn-smith> * Has changed from FTBFS to dependency wait. needs investigation

 16:06 <jawn-smith> * Invesigate icu FTBFS - new version from Debian likely needs merge/sync

 16:06 <jawn-smith> * Candidate interview

 16:06 <jawn-smith> [done]

 16:06 <vorlon> * +1 maintenance: fighting with botan/ppc64el test suite failures with new openssl

 16:06 <vorlon> * interviewing candidates for various roles

 16:06 <vorlon> * off tomorrow (swap for MLK day)

 16:06 <vorlon> (done)

 16:06 <sil2100> * SRU reviews and releases

 16:06 <sil2100> * Did some more experimenting with the keyboard layout ubiquity race - no luck

 16:06 <sil2100> * +1 maintenance (Mon and Tue)

 16:06 <sil2100> - Progress sent out as an update e-mail to ubuntu-devel@

 16:06 <sil2100> * Technical Board meeting

 16:06 <sil2100> * Asking the OEM team for documentation regarding the OEM archive

 16:07 <sil2100> - Started drafting it out to the OEMArchive documentation for the TB

 16:07 <sil2100> * 20.04.4 preparation:

 16:07 <sil2100> - Set up and lead the 20.04.4 initial sync-up meeting

 16:07 <sil2100> - Started preparing coordination tasks and public tracking document

 16:07 <sil2100> - Poking around and starting SRU reviews for .4 specifically

 16:07 <sil2100> * Reviewing Didier's WSL PR comments for ISOTracker integration

 16:07 <sil2100> * Sync up with Alfonso re: Xilinx packages

 16:07 <sil2100> * Ubuntu merges:

 16:07 <sil2100> - Resolved libdebian-installer

 16:07 <sil2100> - Started dmraid

 16:07 <sil2100> - Looking into sponsoring Olivier's sysvinit merge

 16:07 <sil2100> * Work on the ubuntu-image classic redesign image build spec

 16:07 <sil2100> - Updated concept of the customization package, discussed with Samuele

 16:07 <sil2100> - Meeting with William and JB re: desktop needs of such new design

 16:07 <sil2100> * Ubuntu Core 22 sync - getting up to speed with what needs to happen

 16:07 <sil2100> * Promoted new core20 to stable

 16:07 <sil2100> * Pushed core22 through the review queue

 16:07 <sil2100> * security-britney maintenance:

 16:07 <sil2100> - Fixed britney that seemed to be stuck for ~3 days doing nothing

 16:07 <sil2100> - Looking into some permission issues for private test results

 16:07 <sil2100> (done)

 16:07 <schopin> * netplan:

 16:08 <schopin> + V2 of PR 252 following slyon's review, merged

 16:08 <schopin> + Reviewed PR 202

 16:08 <schopin> * Rust:

 16:08 <schopin> + added a self-build autopkgtest to cargo, upstreamed to Debian, not yet uploaded to Ubuntu:

 16:08 <schopin> https://salsa.debian.org/rust-team/cargo/-/merge_requests/10

 16:08 <ubottu> Merge 10 in rust-team/cargo "Add an autopkgtest for cargo to build itself" [Opened]

 16:08 <schopin> + Looked into rustc FTBFS with itself in version 1.57, fix upstreamed to Debian:

 16:08 <schopin> https://salsa.debian.org/rust-team/rust/-/merge_requests/9

 16:08 <ubottu> Merge 9 in rust-team/rust "build: don't deny warnings" [Opened]

 16:08 <schopin> + Updated the MIR (LP: #1957932)

 16:08 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1957932 in rustc (Ubuntu) "[MIR] rustc, cargo" [Critical, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1957932

 16:08 <schopin> * lintian:

 16:08 <schopin> + libio-prompt-tiny-perl MIR: discussed with upstream the possibility to switch

 16:08 <schopin> to libio-prompter-perl, so far no conclusion https://bugs.debian.org/1004286

 16:08 <ubottu> Debian bug 1004286 in src:lintian "lintian: Consider switching from libio-prompt-tiny-perl to libio-prompter-perl" [Wishlist, Open]

 16:08 <schopin> However, it became apparent that the dependency wasn't needed just yet, so

 16:08 <schopin> after a discussion with slyon it was decided to patch it out for the moment (LP: #1959004à

 16:08 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1959004 in lintian (Ubuntu) "lintian: remove unused non-main dependency libio-prompt-tiny-perl" [High, Fix Released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1959004

 16:08 <schopin> + Started a discussion on removing lintian-brush from the archive: LP: #1959002

 16:08 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1959002 in lintian-brush (Ubuntu) "Blacklist and remove lintian-brush from the archive" [Wishlist, Incomplete] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1959002

 16:08 <schopin> + Fixed the multiple causes of lintian-brush FTBFS:

 16:08 <schopin> - Silenced a deprecation warning in paramiko that caused the newer src:breezy (needed by l-b)

 16:08 <schopin> to FTBFS (LP: #1959095 sponsored by slyon, thanks!)

 16:08 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1959095 in paramiko (Ubuntu) "breezy FTBFS due to deprecation warning in paramiko" [Undecided, In Progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1959095

 16:08 <schopin> - Patched out a bug in the lintian compatibility layer along with an issue in the test suite

 16:08 <schopin> regarding Ubuntu version numbers:

 16:08 <schopin> https://salsa.debian.org/jelmer/lintian-brush/-/merge_requests/20

 16:08 <ubottu> Merge 20 in jelmer/lintian-brush "Miscellaneous fixes" [Merged]

 16:08 <schopin> * openssl: wrote an small status report to ubuntu-devel@l.u.c

 16:08 <schopin> * reviewed and sponsored LP: #1958090 for xypron

 16:08 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1958090 in ktexteditor (Ubuntu) "Kate: navigation keys do not cancel mark" [Low, Fix Committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1958090

 16:08 <schopin> * requested a sync for erlang, kindly sponsored by jawn-smith

 16:08 <schopin> ✓ done

 16:09 <bdmurray> waveform:

 16:09 <waveform> * Patched vcio permissions in userland (LP: #1958563)

 16:09 <waveform> * Worked on dbus merge (LP: #1959211)

 16:09 <waveform> * ... and as part of the diff, noticed an upstream issue with debhelper (LP: #1959054)

 16:09 <waveform> * ... which affects the open-iscsi merge (LP: #1946835) (which also depends on --no-restart-on-upgrade)

 16:09 <waveform> * Investigated how the removal of crda affects us (re LP: #1951586)

 16:09 <waveform> * Still working on the u-boot merge

 16:09 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1958563 in raspberrypi-userland (Ubuntu Impish) "[SRU] Wrong permissions on vcio" [Undecided, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1958563

 16:09 <waveform> * SRU of vcio permission changes for focal and impish (LP: #1958563) (focal pushed; working on impish)

 16:09 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1959211 in dbus (Ubuntu) "Please merge dbus 1.12.20-3 from Debian unstable" [Undecided, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1959211

 16:09 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1959054 in debhelper (Ubuntu) "debhelper restarts services marked --no-restart-on-upgrade" [Undecided, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1959054

 16:09 <waveform> * SRU of Pi Zero 2 wifi firmwares in linux-firmware-raspi2 for focal .4 (LP: #1950633)

 16:09 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1946835 in open-iscsi (Ubuntu) "Merge open-iscsi from Debian unstable for 22.04" [Undecided, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1946835

 16:09 <waveform> * ... which then affected the rename of linux-firmware-raspi{2,} (LP: #1950632) (now ready for review+sponsorship)

 16:09 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1951586 in netplan.io (Ubuntu Jammy) "Need option to specify wifi regulatory domain" [Undecided, Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1951586

 16:09 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1950633 in linux-firmware-raspi2 (Ubuntu Jammy) "[SRU] Update wifi firmware for future zero 2 boards" [Undecided, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1950633

 16:09 <waveform> * Pi meetings

 16:09 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1950632 in linux-firmware-raspi2 (Ubuntu) "Rename to linux-firmware-raspi" [Undecided, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1950632

 16:09 <waveform> (done)

 16:09 <dbungert> * LP: #1952603: protect API against server-side exceptions and misc fixes                                                         * subiquity & os-prober: fix build for non-amd64, merged to desktop installer

 16:09 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1952603 in subiquity "Fail to install ubuntu server 22.04 without internet" [Undecided, Fix Committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1952603

 16:09 <dbungert> * subiquity apitest: fix issue preventing running these integration tests in

 16:09 <dbungert> parallel for 7x speedup

 16:09 <dbungert> * sqlite3: fix first order proposed-migration items.  ruby-sqlite3 is still

 16:09 <dbungert> marked as failing rails tests but rails tests fail for me period.

 16:09 <dbungert> * subiquity & partitioning: start Gaps support at API boundary so that we can

 16:09 <dbungert> eventually talk about adding a partition to specified locations on disk

 16:09 <dbungert> (done)

 16:09 <bdmurray> 7x!

 16:09 <juliank> * investigated s390x autopkgtest failures; turned out to be a broken binutils building a broken libcrypt1 with an RWE LOAD header

 16:10 <juliank> * grub2 upstream work

 16:10 <juliank> * merged git

 16:10 <juliank> (done)

 16:10 <bdmurray> doko:

 16:10 <dbungert> bdmurray: yea, that particular set of tests was pretty slow, it definately benefitted from parallelization

 16:10 <doko> - we have a ISA change on riscv64, going with the new one

 16:10 <doko> - more binutils fun, RELRO not emitted

 16:10 <doko> - xen build failure due to new binutils

 16:10 <doko> - and a powerpc64le issue with the new binutils

 16:10 <doko> - ocmal transition this week, imported from Debian. could need help for one riscv64 issue

 16:10 <doko> - more gcc-12 cross build issues

 16:10 <doko> - ... and getting a cold ...

 16:10 <doko> (done)

 16:10 <ogayot> subiquity:

 16:10 <ogayot> * took over third-party drivers from Michael

 16:11 <ogayot> * merged recent changes into original "RFC"

 16:11 <ogayot> * added ability to list third-party drivers to install - no PR opened yet

 16:11 <ogayot> * played around with ubuntu-drivers to simulate different hardware with drivers need

 16:11 <ogayot> * added automatic validation of autoinstall data in integration tests

 16:11 <ogayot> * whoopsie / apport

 16:11 <ogayot> * initial implementation of whoopsie with no-polling mode (still needs some more work)

 16:11 <ogayot> * worked on design for path-based activation of both apport and whoopsie (LP: #1424768)

 16:11 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1424768 in whoopsie (Ubuntu Bionic) "Consider switching to path based activation" [Medium, Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1424768

 16:11 <ogayot> * merge of sysvinit

 16:11 <ogayot> done

 16:11 <bdmurray> cool, any questions on status?

 16:12 <bdmurray> #topic Release Incoming Bugs

 16:12 <bdmurray> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-jj-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 16:12 <bdmurray> bug 1958389

 16:12 <ubottu> Bug 1958389 in binutils "Jammy builds of xen segfault, but only on launchpad x86 builders" [Medium, Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1958389

 16:13 <bdmurray> IIRC that crashes when building on certain builders

 16:14 <bdmurray> It looks like doko sent it upstream but lets card it so we don't lose track

 16:14 <sil2100> +1

 16:14 <bdmurray> bug 1958594

 16:14 <ubottu> Bug 1958594 in initramfs-tools (Ubuntu) "Boot error: libgcc_s.so.1 must be installed for pthread_exit to work" [Critical, Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1958594

 16:15 <bdmurray> Well that's clearly IMPORTANT so card and target

 16:15 * vorlon nods

 16:15 <bdmurray> bug 1935659

 16:15 <ubottu> Bug 1935659 in grub2-unsigned (Ubuntu Impish) "grub2 FTBFS when built with libfuse3-dev" [Undecided, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1935659

 16:16 <bdmurray> seb tagged this recently

 16:17 <bdmurray> juliank: is there something holding this up?

 16:17 <juliank> needed to get the last thing done first

 16:17 <juliank> but should be doable now

 16:18 <bdmurray> okay, we already have a card for it so I'll just add a Jammy task

 16:18 <bdmurray> bug 1955084

 16:18 <ubottu> Bug 1955084 in unattended-upgrades (Ubuntu) "systemd unit leaves a process running for the system lifetime but it only does anything at shutdown" [Undecided, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1955084

 16:18 <bdmurray> vorlon do you think this is something we should do for 22.04?

 16:19 <vorlon> bdmurray: I would like us to look at it; reducing the memory footprint of Ubuntu is a Good Thing

 16:19 <bdmurray> Would a change need to happen before Feature Freeze?

 16:20 <juliank> this is not a feature, really IMO

 16:20 <vorlon> I agree

 16:20 <bdmurray> bug 1959015 there's an MP we should look at there

 16:20 <ubottu> Bug 1959015 in software-properties (Ubuntu) "Switch to new HTTPS-capable domains for PPAs" [Undecided, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1959015

 16:21 <bdmurray> so target and card

 16:21 <juliank> so +1000... on this

 16:21 <bdmurray> That's too many digits

 16:21 <bdmurray> bug 1959054

 16:21 <ubottu> Bug 1959054 in debhelper (Ubuntu) "debhelper restarts services marked --no-restart-on-upgrade" [Undecided, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1959054

 16:22 <juliank> oh

 16:22 <jawn-smith> Discussed this one with waveform, it seems like a pretty serious issue

 16:22 <juliank> there are ways to make it not restart stuff

 16:24 <bdmurray> We should target and card this and make a list of packages which use this switch so we know what to rebuild

 16:24 <bdmurray> tasksel we are tracking in a card already

 16:24 <bdmurray> bug 1930880

 16:24 <ubottu> Bug 1930880 in casper (Ubuntu) "Booting Ubuntu 21.04 from DVD takes more than 30 minutes and its environment are corrupted" [Undecided, Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1930880

 16:25 <juliank> hmm

 16:25 <juliank> declare optical media as unsupported?

 16:25 <vorlon> heh

 16:25 <bdmurray> oh its because it is actually optical media?

 16:25 <juliank> yes, it says it works fine on usb

 16:26 <cpaelzer> jawn-smith: FYI I catched the very same debhelper issue in my libvirt tests today

 16:26 <bdmurray> Well it at least requires release noting

 16:26 <juliank> it's too slow on optical media, hence services time out

 16:26 <cpaelzer> jawn-smith: right now in Debian that kills all your guests on and upgrade/reinstall of libvirt (up to -testing)

 16:27 <juliank> [optical] one could potentially rearrange the systemd units such that the other start jobs don't run

 16:27 <jawn-smith> Okay, I agree on curating a list of affected packages so we can do a bulk rebuild

 16:27 <jawn-smith> it seems waveform and ogayot will be attempting a debhelper fix

 16:27 * waveform has been brushing up on his deeply stale perl <shudder>

 16:30 <bdmurray> bug 1948714

 16:30 <ubottu> Bug 1948714 in ubiquity (Ubuntu) "After reboot, the password set at install time doesn't work." [Undecided, Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1948714

 16:30 <bdmurray> This is great, you can't use # in your password

 16:30 <bdmurray> see comment 9

 16:30 <bdmurray> They also say @ doesn't work

 16:31 <juliank> I never use special characters in passwords

 16:32 <sil2100> Is this a duplicate of the other race condition re: keyboard layout?

 16:32 <sil2100> LP: #1875062

 16:32 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1875062 in ubiquity (Ubuntu Focal) "[20.04] Keyboard layout not enabled immediately during installation when typing username/password" [High, Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1875062

 16:32 <bdmurray> Will your new ubiquity help them test?

 16:33 <sil2100> It might make it better for them, but I'm basically looking into actually fixing the root issue

 16:33 <sil2100> Didn't get too far though

 16:33 <bdmurray> Well I mean would that prove that it is a duplicate?

 16:33 * doko needs to leave early

 16:35 <bdmurray> bug 1958720

 16:35 <ubottu> Bug 1958720 in pyyaml (Ubuntu) "python3-yaml and python3-six are not co-installable with python-is-python2 in jammy" [Undecided, In Progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1958720

 16:37 <bdmurray> Is this something we should sponsor or should we just wait for the debian update?

 16:38 <bdmurray> let's sit on that

 16:38 <bdmurray> #topic Team proposed-migration report

 16:39 <bdmurray> vorlon:

 16:39 <vorlon> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs

 16:39 <vorlon> some stuff blocked by ruby-defaults that we should ignore

 16:40 <vorlon> alexghiti: do I see from previous meetings that you were looking at pygments?

 16:40 <alexghiti> Yes, it was uploaded by Debian maintainer but it failed the autopkgtest, I made another PR for the fix

 16:41 <vorlon> alexghiti: ok; can I leave this with you, with the expectation of an upload to Ubuntu by next week?

 16:41 <vorlon> libstring-copyright-perl, blocked on MIR LP: #1956444, waiting for the MIR team

 16:41 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1956444 in libset-intspan-perl (Ubuntu) "[MIR] libset-intspan-perl" [Undecided, Fix Committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1956444

 16:41 <alexghiti> I'll poke the maintainer ;)

 16:41 <slyon> vorlon: the MIR is actually ready AFAIK and needs AA promotion

 16:42 <ogayot> 1956444 is waiting for promotion now

 16:42 <vorlon> ah thanks, refreshing my window

 16:42 <vorlon> I'll promote today

 16:42 <vorlon> python-click is mailman3 is mwhudson

 16:43 <vorlon> slyon: I see LP: #1957086 is assigned to you, is this something you're working on this week?

 16:43 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1957086 in systemd (Ubuntu) "Autopkgtest systemd fail against dnsmasq 2.86 (22.04)" [Undecided, In Progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1957086

 16:43 <slyon> vorlon: yes. I tought my latest systemd upload would have fixed this already, but apparently there are some issues on ppc64el

 16:43 <vorlon> ok

 16:43 <vorlon> pillow - ogayot are you still working on this?

 16:43 <ogayot> its handled by doko now

 16:44 <vorlon> ok

 16:44 <vorlon> python3-defaults is hairy

 16:44 <vorlon> what's the game plan on this, are we waiting for ginggs?

 16:45 <bdmurray> I've fixed update-manager and ubiquity

 16:45 <vorlon> we do have a couple of specific packages w/ autopkgtest regressions on python3-defaults that should be looked at... namely those bdmurray just mentioned

 16:45 <slyon> vorlon: he mentioned in an email that we should assign some of them

 16:45 <bdmurray> EnvironmentVarGuard moved so it would be good to search otehr logs for that

 16:45 <slyon> as ginggs already batch-retried most of them that had pending changes

 16:45 <vorlon> ok that seems to be the most useful thing for us to focus on right now so I'll divvy these up

 16:46 <vorlon> going to go in meeting order doling these out, shout if there's a problem with your assignment :)

 16:46 <vorlon> aiocoap - xypron

 16:46 <vorlon> aiofiles - bdmurray

 16:47 <vorlon> (and skipping over those who have other packages currently assigned)

 16:47 <vorlon> ansible - jawn-smith

 16:47 <vorlon> barbican - vorlon

 16:47 <vorlon> booth - sil2100

 16:47 <vorlon> bpython - schopin

 16:47 <vorlon> ccdproc - waveform

 16:47 <vorlon> cdist dbungert

 16:47 <vorlon> djangorestframework - juliank

 16:47 <vorlon> freezegun - ogayot

 16:48 <slyon> you missed me :)

 16:48 <vorlon> slyon: I was leaving you with systemd/ppc64el but I can give you another if you like

 16:48 <vorlon> ok

 16:48 <sil2100> o/

 16:48 <slyon> yes another one is fine I guess

 16:48 <vorlon> gitsome - alexghiti

 16:48 <vorlon> gnome-gmail - slyon

 16:48 <alexghiti> vorlon: Thanks  :)

 16:49 <vorlon> and if anyone finds their assignment too easy, there are always more

 16:49 <vorlon> bdmurray:

 16:50 <bdmurray> #topic AOB

 16:51 <bdmurray> alright thanks everybody

 16:51 <bdmurray> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)