== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status meeting, started by cpaelzer, 13 Dec at 15:31 &mdash; 15:46 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2022/ubuntu-meeting.2022-12-13-15.31.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== current component mismatches ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 15:33.

 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg   (cpaelzer, 15:33)
 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg   (cpaelzer, 15:33)

=== New MIRs ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 15:33.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=NEW&field.status%3Alist=CONFIRMED&assignee_option=none&field.assignee=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (cpaelzer, 15:34)

=== Incomplete bugs / questions ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 15:37.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (cpaelzer, 15:37)

=== MIR related Security Review Queue ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 15:39.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-security/+bugs?field.searchtext=%5BMIR%5D&assignee_option=choose&field.assignee=ubuntu-security&field.bug_reporter=&field.bug_commenter=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (cpaelzer, 15:39)
 * ''LINK:'' https://warthogs.atlassian.net/jira/software/c/projects/SEC/boards/594   (cpaelzer, 15:40)

=== Any other business? ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 15:42.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/liblc3/+bug/1997578   (cpaelzer, 15:42)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * cpaelzer (68)
 * sarnold (9)
 * joalif (6)
 * meetingology (2)
 * jamespage (2)



== Full log ==


 15:31 <cpaelzer> #startmeeting Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status

 15:31 <meetingology> Meeting started at 15:31:37 UTC.  The chair is cpaelzer.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 15:31 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 15:31 <cpaelzer> Ping for MIR meeting - didrocks joalif slyon sarnold cpaelzer jamespage

 15:31 <jamespage> o/

 15:32 <cpaelzer> let us see who is still here and not yet doing a big EOY party

 15:32 <jamespage> not very many?

 15:32 * cpaelzer puts a reminder to himself about a question seb sent (for AOB)

 15:32 <cpaelzer> seems that way jamespage :-)

 15:33 <cpaelzer> let us hope we also do not have many problems then

 15:33 <cpaelzer> #topic current component mismatches

 15:33 <cpaelzer> Mission: Identify required actions and spread the load among the teams

 15:33 <cpaelzer> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg

 15:33 <cpaelzer> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg

 15:33 <joalif> o/

 15:33 <cpaelzer> hi joalif

 15:33 <cpaelzer> yay, nothing new to handle in there indeed

 15:33 <cpaelzer> all known csaes

 15:33 <cpaelzer> cases

 15:33 <cpaelzer> #topic New MIRs

 15:33 <cpaelzer> Mission: ensure to assign all incoming reviews for fast processing

 15:34 <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=NEW&field.status%3Alist=CONFIRMED&assignee_option=none&field.assignee=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 15:34 <cpaelzer> a review on https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/pkgconf/+bug/1998095 is needed

 15:34 <cpaelzer> seems that slyon posted that foundations will own this

 15:35 <cpaelzer> it is a bit simple in the request

 15:35 <cpaelzer> but then it is replacing what we already have

 15:35 <cpaelzer> and driven by community now accepted by foundations

 15:35 <cpaelzer> so it might be ok to be that small

 15:35 <cpaelzer> I'm struggling to get all my other things done already :-/

 15:35 <cpaelzer> joalif: do you feel you could have a look at that one?

 15:36 <cpaelzer> if not this week then in january?

 15:36 <joalif> in january only, no way this week

 15:36 <cpaelzer> I understand

 15:36 <cpaelzer> january should be fine

 15:36 <joalif> ok then

 15:36 <cpaelzer> neither slyon nor anyone else spoke up to be strictly before EOY

 15:36 <cpaelzer> which we are all in a frenzy to reach

 15:37 <cpaelzer> thank you joalif!

 15:37 <joalif> :)

 15:37 <cpaelzer> #topic Incomplete bugs / questions

 15:37 <cpaelzer> Mission: Identify required actions and spread the load among the teams

 15:37 <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 15:37 <cpaelzer> doktape is the only one with recent updates

 15:38 <cpaelzer> and it is still incomplete, not yet waiting on us

 15:38 <cpaelzer> except if you'd think they do not know the process (to set it to new once ready)

 15:38 <cpaelzer> well, jeremy would know

 15:39 <cpaelzer> the updates are from Amin he is in the desktop team

 15:39 <cpaelzer> so no stranger to not know

 15:39 <cpaelzer> I guess we can wait for this to be              in the proper state or until we are asked about it

 15:39 <cpaelzer> better than starting to review now only to find a bunch of "not ready yet"

 15:39 <cpaelzer> #topic MIR related Security Review Queue

 15:39 <cpaelzer> Mission: Check on progress, do deadlines seem doable?

 15:39 <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-security/+bugs?field.searchtext=%5BMIR%5D&assignee_option=choose&field.assignee=ubuntu-security&field.bug_reporter=&field.bug_commenter=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 15:39 <cpaelzer> Internal link

 15:40 <cpaelzer> - ensure your teams items are prioritized among each other as you'd expect

 15:40 <cpaelzer> - ensure community requests do not get stomped by teams calling for favors too much

 15:40 <cpaelzer> #link https://warthogs.atlassian.net/jira/software/c/projects/SEC/boards/594

 15:40 <cpaelzer> sarnold: how is progress going on recently?

 15:40 <cpaelzer> sarnold: and how does it look for early 2023?

 15:40 <sarnold> no recent progress, we're on skeleton crew at the moment

 15:40 <sarnold> my most recent conversation with aburrage, I've been told we'll have a few people to work on MIRs and bring this list into something more managable

 15:41 <sarnold> .. in january

 15:41 <cpaelzer> fine, but in january this need to ramp up for real

 15:41 <cpaelzer> my former 2-3 per week will by then be more like 3-5 per week to make it in time

 15:41 <cpaelzer> just to set the expected pace

 15:41 <cpaelzer> ok, no bashing on teams down to skeleton crew level

 15:41 <cpaelzer> going on

 15:42 <cpaelzer> #topic Any other business?

 15:42 <cpaelzer> let me fetch that mail by seb ...

 15:42 <joalif> nothing from me

 15:42 <cpaelzer> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/liblc3/+bug/1997578

 15:42 <sarnold> this is my last mir team meeting of the year

 15:43 <cpaelzer> sarnold: for all of us

 15:43 <sarnold> \o/

 15:43 <cpaelzer> AFAICS in this bug it misses the seed or packaging change to bring it in right?

 15:44 <sarnold> I think you're right

 15:44 <cpaelzer> thanks for double checking

 15:44 <cpaelzer> updating the bug

 15:45 <cpaelzer> ok, that is it

 15:45 <cpaelzer> I wish you all a wonderful winter time and a happy new year!

 15:45 <sarnold> thanks cpaelzer, all; happy new year :D

 15:45 <joalif> have a nice holiday and happy new year all!

 15:45 <cpaelzer> I'll need to be faster in january as sarnold will take so much time to talk about the security reviews that will then be completed each week :-P

 15:45 <cpaelzer> see you all then

 15:45 <sarnold> *nod*

 15:45 <sarnold> hehe

 15:46 <cpaelzer> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)