== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Developer Membership Board meeting, started by utkarsh2102, 10 Jul at 19:04 &mdash; 20:02 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2023/ubuntu-meeting.2023-07-10-19.04.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== Core Dev Applications ===

Discussion started by utkarsh2102 at 19:05.

 * '''Nick Rosbrook'''  (utkarsh2102, 19:06)
  * ''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/enr0n/CoreDeveloperApplication   (utkarsh2102, 19:06)
  * ''VOTE:'' Nick to get core-dev rights (Carried)  (utkarsh2102, 19:34)
  * ''ACTION:'' I'll take up the announements  (utkarsh2102, 19:35)

=== AOB ===

Discussion started by utkarsh2102 at 19:35.


=== mythbuntu-dev ===

Discussion started by utkarsh2102 at 19:47.

 * ''LINK:'' https://launchpad.net/~mythbuntu-dev/+members#active the only members are ubuntu-core-dev  (bdmurray, 19:47)



== Vote results ==

 * [[https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2023/ubuntu-meeting.2023-07-10-19.04.log.html#71|Nick to get core-dev rights]]
  * Motion carried (For: 5, Against: 0, Abstained: 0)
   * Voters: sil2100, rbasak, seb128, bdmurray, utkarsh2102



== People present (lines said) ==

 * utkarsh2102 (63)
 * seb128 (42)
 * rbasak (30)
 * sil2100 (18)
 * enr0n (16)
 * meetingology (13)
 * bdmurray (13)
 * dbungert (1)



== Full log ==


 19:04 <utkarsh2102> #startmeeting Developer Membership Board

 19:04 <meetingology> Meeting started at 19:04:39 UTC.  The chair is utkarsh2102.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 19:04 <seb128> anyone wanting to chair?

 19:04 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 19:04 <seb128> utkarsh2102, thanks

 19:04 <rbasak> seb128: we used to do that, but then got equally stuck when the nominated chair was absent.

 19:05 <seb128> that's why we have a fallback chair in TB meetings

 19:05 <utkarsh2102> hey, so I'll get straight to the application and then I'll bring up seb128's comment as AOB later

 19:05 <rbasak> That didn't work either. Usually the fallback chair was also absent.

 19:05 <seb128> if the fallback is also missing then you get an issue...

 19:05 <seb128> utkarsh2102, ack

 19:05 <rbasak> Anyway, DMB attendance is better now

 19:05 <utkarsh2102> we have 1 core-dev application today

 19:05 <utkarsh2102> #topic Core Dev Applications

 19:05 <rbasak> I'm happy for us to try that again if people want

 19:05 * sil2100 will brb in 2 minutes, just grabbing coffee

 19:06 <utkarsh2102> #subtopic Nick Rosbrook

 19:06 <utkarsh2102> #link https://wiki.ubuntu.com/enr0n/CoreDeveloperApplication

 19:06 <utkarsh2102> enr0n: hey, welcome back again! super excited for you to be here! \o

 19:06 <enr0n> utkarsh2102: thanks!

 19:06 <utkarsh2102> could you please take a quick second to re-introduce yourself, please?

 19:07 <enr0n> Sure. My name is Nick Rosbrook, aka enr0n, and I work on the Ubuntu Foundations team at Canonical. I am based in the Eastern US in the state of Vermont

 19:07 <utkarsh2102> enr0n: also, I intentionally didn't sponsor your MP last week! I am hoping you'd do that yourself!!!!!!!!!! :)

 19:07 <enr0n> utkarsh2102: ah well that would be nice!

 19:08 <utkarsh2102> I hereby open the floor for questions

 19:08 <utkarsh2102> I'll go first

 19:08 <rbasak> FYI, enr0n's previous application can be found here: https://irclogs.ubuntu.com/2023/02/06/%23ubuntu-meeting.html#t16:07

 19:08 <utkarsh2102> enr0n: since the last application, what has changed? can you give a quick TL;DR?

 19:09 * sil2100 is back

 19:09 <enr0n> utkarsh2102: Yeah. Since the last meeting I made the effort to work on a wider variety of packages in main, I took on more merges than I had previously, and I made a stronger effort to reach out to a wider group of sponsors

 19:11 <utkarsh2102> sweet!

 19:11 <utkarsh2102> thanks!

 19:12 <enr0n> Of course

 19:12 <rbasak> enr0n: have you manage to work on any transitions yet?

 19:12 <rbasak> managed

 19:12 <utkarsh2102> anyone else?

 19:13 <sil2100> enr0n: when working on +1 maintenance, how do you usually identify what to work on next?

 19:13 <sil2100> (great +1 maintenance reports btw.)

 19:14 <enr0n> rbasak: no, that is something I have not had the need/opportunity to work on yet. However I have tried to make myself aware of the process in the event that I do, and also so that I am aware of what's going on in the archive during transitions

 19:14 <utkarsh2102> seconded, good +1 reports, good stuff.

 19:14 <rbasak> enr0n: how would you verify that an upload that you're about to perform (eg. say you were uploading a new upstream version as a -0ubuntu1) won't trigger a transition?

 19:15 <enr0n> sil2100: typically I take the approach of starting at the bottom of the update excuse page and working my way up. I also read previous reports and update-excuse bugs to see if there is anything I can help finish

 19:17 <sil2100> enr0n: thanks o/

 19:18 <enr0n> rbasak: I am not aware if there is a true test for that, I guess. But the main indicators to me would be a new versioned binary package for a library, or anything indicating a ABI change like a soname bump

 19:18 <utkarsh2102> enr0n: as a side note, I'd rather have people not work from the bottom because those things are generally not super needed, things have been rotting for a while, et al. And not from the top because those are too new and the uploaders might be looking out for their uploads already. So the sweet spot is from 2/5th to 4/5th of the page. ;)

 19:18 <seb128> it's a tricky balance indeed

 19:18 <rbasak> enr0n: OK, thanks.

 19:18 <enr0n> utkarsh2102: yeah true, the bottom does tend to be bugs that have an update-excuse bug that is not actionable. But sometimes its worthing making sure old bugs do at least have an update-excuse bug with some context

 19:19 <utkarsh2102> yep

 19:19 <utkarsh2102> any more questions?

 19:19 <rbasak> enr0n: if somebody's upload gets stuck in proposed, who's expected to handle it?

 19:20 <enr0n> rbasak: the uploader

 19:21 <rbasak> enr0n: thanks. And is there a time when you cannot upload feature changes to the development release? If so, where can you find the schedule, and how would you determine if an upload you're about to perform contains a feature change?

 19:23 <enr0n> rbasak: yes, feature freeze is the time where such uploads are not allowed without a feature freeze exception. The release schedule is at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ManticMinotaur/ReleaseSchedule (or whatever the devel release name is). I would need to look at the diff of the upload to determine if it contains a feature change

 19:24 <rbasak> enr0n: OK. And who do you need approval from if you need an exception?

 19:24 <enr0n> rbasak: the ubuntu release team

 19:25 <rbasak> Thanks. Setting aside exceptions, if you disagree with the technical content of an upload someone else has performed, how should you proceed?

 19:27 <enr0n> I suppose if were serious enough (rather than nitpicking) I would reach out to the person to try and discuss the change and see if we can improve it, or open a bug report if needed

 19:27 <rbasak> OK, and what would you do if that's not successful and you think an escalation is appropriate?

 19:28 <enr0n> I would reach out to a more senior member of my team, or maybe ask in #ubuntu-release for advice

 19:28 <rbasak> OK, thanks. I have no more questions.

 19:29 <utkarsh2102> sweet, no questions from me either

 19:30 <utkarsh2102> seb128, sil2100, bdmurray?

 19:30 <sil2100> No questions here

 19:30 <seb128> neither from me

 19:30 <bdmurray> none here

 19:31 <utkarsh2102> sil2100: ?

 19:32 <rbasak> <sil2100> No questions here

 19:32 <utkarsh2102> oh crap, missed it

 19:32 <utkarsh2102> let's proceed to vote

 19:33 <utkarsh2102> #vote Nick to get core-dev rights

 19:33 <meetingology> Please vote on: Nick to get core-dev rights

 19:33 <meetingology> Public votes can be registered by saying +1, -1 or +0 in channel (for private voting, private message me with 'vote +1|-1|+0 #channelname')

 19:33 <sil2100> +1

 19:33 <meetingology> +1 received from sil2100

 19:33 <rbasak> +1 concerns raised at your previous application meeting have mostly been addressed, and you have generally good and to-the-point answers to our usual questions. While having some experience in driving transitions would be nice, I don't think it's a hard requirement to have experience of absolutely everything and your general understanding seems to be good across the board with examples of your work

 19:33 <meetingology> +1 concerns raised at your previous application meeting have mostly been addressed, and you have generally good and to-the-point answers to our usual questions. While having some experience in driving transitions would be nice, I don't think it's a hard requirement to have experience of absolutely everything and your general understanding seems to be good across the board with examples of your work received from rbasak

 19:33 <seb128> +1

 19:33 <meetingology> +1 received from seb128

 19:33 <rbasak> consistent with that. Thank you for all your work on Ubuntu!

 19:33 <bdmurray> +1 as I trust Nick, his judgement and decision making skills. I believe he will continue to look for guidance when uploading packages.

 19:33 <meetingology> +1 as I trust Nick, his judgement and decision making skills. I believe he will continue to look for guidance when uploading packages. received from bdmurray

 19:33 <utkarsh2102> +1; solid endorsements, lovely work, had the pleasure of meeting him in person, he's really kind. I've also seen quite a lot of his work, sponsored a couple of things, all neat and clean. Would be a net win for Ubuntu if he gets to core-dev.

 19:33 <meetingology> +1; solid endorsements, lovely work, had the pleasure of meeting him in person, he's really kind. I've also seen quite a lot of his work, sponsored a couple of things, all neat and clean. Would be a net win for Ubuntu if he gets to core-dev. received from utkarsh2102

 19:34 <utkarsh2102> #endvote

 19:34 <meetingology> Voting ended on: Nick to get core-dev rights

 19:34 <meetingology> Votes for: 5, Votes against: 0, Abstentions: 0

 19:34 <meetingology> Motion carried

 19:34 <utkarsh2102> congratulations, enr0n! :D

 19:34 <dbungert> ðŸŽ‰

 19:34 <enr0n> \o/

 19:35 <utkarsh2102> #action I'll take up the announements

 19:35 * meetingology I'll take up the announements

 19:35 <utkarsh2102> I mean, Utkarsh will, oof

 19:35 <utkarsh2102> anyway

 19:35 <enr0n> Thank you everyone!

 19:35 <utkarsh2102> moving to AOB

 19:35 <utkarsh2102> #topic AOB

 19:35 <utkarsh2102> <seb128>: sorry, those meetings feel chaotic, we need to pre-define a chair imho

 19:36 <utkarsh2102> let's talk about that

 19:36 <utkarsh2102> seb128:^

 19:36 <seb128> yes please

 19:36 <sil2100> I think we tried pre-defining the chair in the past, but that didn't quite work as the DMB had trouble getting quorum

 19:36 <seb128> the define a chair/backuo for the next meeting works fine for the TB imho

 19:36 <sil2100> But I think doing it now shouldn't be such a problem, I think it will be rather rare for both the chair and the backup to be absent

 19:37 <seb128> if there is no quorum there is no meeting

 19:37 <seb128> should we optimize for the non working cases?

 19:37 <sil2100> And in case both are missing, which hopefully will be only infrequent, we can resolve tihngs as we do now, by volunteers

 19:37 <seb128> if they are absent then we just are in the same situation than today...

 19:37 <seb128> there isn't much to loose imho

 19:38 <sil2100> Exactly

 19:38 <sil2100> So I'd be +1 on that

 19:38 <seb128> should we vote?

 19:39 <rbasak> +1

 19:40 <seb128> +1

 19:40 <sil2100> I

 19:40 <utkarsh2102> +1

 19:40 <sil2100> I'm +1 of course too

 19:41 <bdmurray> To be cleare we are voting on having a chair and a backup chair for meetings going forward?

 19:41 <utkarsh2102> so are we going to define the chair for the subsequent meeting everytime?

 19:41 <seb128> bdmurray, yes

 19:41 <bdmurray> Okay, I'm a +1 on that

 19:41 <seb128> utkarsh2102, that's the suggestion, TB just do it in alphabetic order from the launchpad team

 19:42 <bdmurray> Choosing the next chair at the current meeting makes sense to me

 19:42 <utkarsh2102> hah!

 19:42 <utkarsh2102> right

 19:42 <bdmurray> As we should know our holiday schedule

 19:42 <utkarsh2102> to start things off, I can chair the next meeting, too :)

 19:42 <seb128> great :)

 19:43 <seb128> should we consider that as validated and go with the alphabetic order rule the TB using?

 19:43 <rbasak> Yes

 19:43 <seb128> great!

 19:43 <utkarsh2102> si

 19:43 <rbasak> I'm sure we'll all slip up and forget about planned absences. But that'll probably be fine usually. We'll deal with it.

 19:44 <seb128> I've another topic which is probably not fit to discuss now but I don't know what's the proper way to bring the subject

 19:44 <sil2100> utkarsh2102: who will be backup?

 19:44 <utkarsh2102> is that for me to decide?

 19:44 <utkarsh2102> I'll pick sil2100, hahaha

 19:44 <sil2100> I guess alphabetically that woul be me!

 19:44 <seb128> sil2100, let's go alphabetic from https://launchpad.net/~developer-membership-board/+members so you

 19:44 <seb128> :p

 19:44 <sil2100> ;)

 19:46 <seb128> should we move on to the next topic(s)?

 19:47 <utkarsh2102> sure

 19:47 <utkarsh2102> is there any?

 19:47 <seb128> I've one which I'm unsure where to discuss

 19:47 <bdmurray> I believe so

 19:47 <utkarsh2102> #topic mythbuntu-dev

 19:47 <utkarsh2102> [bdmurray] Why is mythbuntu-dev still a delegated team when it isn't a flavor?

 19:47 <utkarsh2102> go go go

 19:47 <bdmurray> https://launchpad.net/~mythbuntu-dev/+members#active the only members are ubuntu-core-dev

 19:49 <bdmurray> I found the team listed under delegated teams at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/DeveloperMembershipBoard

 19:49 <rbasak> I guess someone needs to wind everything up there?

 19:49 <bdmurray> rbasak: Do have an idea of what "wind everything up" means?

 19:51 <rbasak> I don't, sorry.

 19:51 <rbasak> Anything outstanding like the delegation you spotted I guess?

 19:52 <rbasak> Should we contact the last known contacts first?

 19:52 <rbasak> Might be polite.

 19:52 <rbasak> (at least to try)

 19:52 <bdmurray> Sure, I can do that.

 19:53 <rbasak> But also, maybe a low priority since it isn't causing much harm right now?

 19:54 <utkarsh2102> si

 19:54 <bdmurray> Okay

 19:56 <utkarsh2102> let's move on?

 19:56 <seb128> yes!

 19:57 <seb128> so I had a topic which we aren't going to be able to discuss now but I would like to bring up for discussion

 19:58 <rbasak> seb128: could you add it to the agenda?

 19:58 <seb128> maybe the mailing list is better and I will post there

 19:58 <rbasak> Or sure, mailing list

 19:58 <seb128> just getting input

 19:58 <seb128> I think the current DMB line (from the past meetings record) discourage coredev applications

 19:59 <seb128> the 'you didn't work outside of you usual package set, you are not ready for coredev' line is damaging

 19:59 <seb128> you can have very skilled people that just work in a set

 19:59 <seb128> why would we deny them trust?

 20:00 <utkarsh2102> yep

 20:00 <seb128> it just feel them considered negatively which I think is helping nobody

 20:00 <utkarsh2102> okay, we have two AOB now

 20:00 <utkarsh2102> one from Brian and one from Seb

 20:00 <seb128> I will email the list

 20:00 <utkarsh2102> let's do it next time

 20:00 <sil2100> I think we should be more welcoming indeed, we should encourage applicants to work outside of their sets but not require it - if, of course, they demonstrate during the interview process that they know how to handle packages outside of their comfort zone

 20:01 <utkarsh2102> since we're at the top of the hour now

 20:01 <seb128> ack

 20:01 <bdmurray> +1 sil2100

 20:01 <seb128> I think think we are a velocity issue btw

 20:01 <seb128> we don't cover much in an hour, there is more gaps than active times in those meetings

 20:01 <seb128> which might be a 3rd AOB

 20:01 <seb128> utkarsh2102, thanks for chairing!

 20:01 <utkarsh2102> and also next meeting has only 1 contirbuting dev so we'll have more time to do these talks

 20:02 <utkarsh2102> sweet, np. Any last words before I shut this off? :)

 20:02 <utkarsh2102> this = meeting

 20:02 <utkarsh2102> not the topic, hehe

 20:02 <seb128> I'm not going to be there for the next one btw, summer holidays

 20:02 <utkarsh2102> uh oh

 20:02 <utkarsh2102> have fun, seb128 \o

 20:02 <utkarsh2102> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)