== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Ubuntu Backporters Team meeting, started by ddstreet, 07 Jun at 15:05 &mdash; 15:30 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2023/ubuntu-meeting.2023-06-07-15.05.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

 * ''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/UbuntuBackports/Agenda   (ddstreet, 15:06)

=== open ml threads ===

Discussion started by ddstreet at 15:09.

 * '''clarification on specific wording for no-bug-required backport exceptions'''  (ddstreet, 15:09)
  * ''ACTION:'' ddstreet send follow up email for clarification on specific wording for no-bug-required backport exceptions  (ddstreet, 15:09)
 * '''New proposal for Ubuntu Backporters Team Charter'''  (ddstreet, 15:10)
  * ''LINK:'' https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-backports/2023-May/023070.html   (ddstreet, 15:10)
  * ''ACTION:'' mapreri reply to TB charter email thread  (ddstreet, 15:13)
 * '''self-approval of uploads to -backports pocket'''  (ddstreet, 15:13)
  * ''LINK:'' https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-backports/2023-May/023075.html   (ddstreet, 15:13)

=== open bugs ===

Discussion started by ddstreet at 15:14.

 * '''nfs-utils/1:2.6.1-2ubuntu4 from kinetic'''  (ddstreet, 15:14)
  * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/focal/+source/nfs-utils/+bug/2012676   (ddstreet, 15:14)

=== AOB ===

Discussion started by ddstreet at 15:21.




== Action items, by person ==

 * ddstreet
  * ddstreet send follow up email for clarification on specific wording for no-bug-required backport exceptions
 * mapreri
  * mapreri reply to TB charter email thread



== People present (lines said) ==

 * ddstreet (60)
 * mapreri (35)
 * teward (15)
 * meetingology (7)



== Full log ==


 15:05 <ddstreet> #startmeeting Ubuntu Backporters Team

 15:05 <meetingology> Meeting started at 15:05:18 UTC.  The chair is ddstreet.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 15:05 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 15:05 <ddstreet> so mapreri I haven't got to any of my action items...i suggest we skip me listing them all if that's ok with you?

 15:06 <mapreri> let me read them through in the agenda

 15:06 <ddstreet> yep and for reference if anyone is following

 15:06 <ddstreet> #link https://wiki.ubuntu.com/UbuntuBackports/Agenda

 15:07 <mapreri> right so, I haven't also done my actions either

 15:07 <ddstreet> let's just leave the list as is then and move to ML threads and bugs

 15:07 <mapreri> ack

 15:07 <ddstreet> #action open ml threads

 15:07 * meetingology open ml threads

 15:08 <ddstreet> #subtopic clarification on specific wording for no-bug-required backport exceptions

 15:08 <ddstreet> no action on this one...i'll send a follow up to try to continue it

 15:08 <mapreri> k

 15:08 <ddstreet> ah dang i used #action instead of #topic above...i need more coffee

 15:08 <ddstreet> anyway

 15:08 <mapreri> you can #undo twice if you so like ^^

 15:09 <ddstreet> #undo

 15:09 <meetingology> Removing item from minutes: SUBTOPIC

 15:09 <ddstreet> #undo

 15:09 <meetingology> Removing item from minutes: ACTION

 15:09 <ddstreet> ah nice!

 15:09 <ddstreet> didn't know it stacked

 15:09 <ddstreet> thanks!

 15:09 <mapreri> ^^

 15:09 <ddstreet> #topic open ml threads

 15:09 <ddstreet> #subtopic clarification on specific wording for no-bug-required backport exceptions

 15:09 <ddstreet> #action ddstreet send follow up email for clarification on specific wording for no-bug-required backport exceptions

 15:09 * meetingology ddstreet send follow up email for clarification on specific wording for no-bug-required backport exceptions

 15:10 <ddstreet> #subtopic New proposal for Ubuntu Backporters Team Charter

 15:10 <ddstreet> #link https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-backports/2023-May/023070.html

 15:10 <ddstreet> well looks like we took too long, and the approved it, so nothing for us to do there i suppose...

 15:10 <ddstreet> we could follow up with 'thanks!' i guess

 15:11 <mapreri> not quite

 15:11 <mapreri> they said they will approve it next week, so if we have something big to oppose... but do we, in the end?

 15:12 <ddstreet> i guess it looks fine to me

 15:12 <ddstreet> you have any objections?

 15:12 <mapreri> I don't, either.  I'm for giving them the go ahead

 15:12 <ddstreet> sounds good - you want to reply or should i?

 15:12 <mapreri> I will :)

 15:12 <ddstreet> thanks!

 15:13 <ddstreet> #action mapreri reply to TB charter email thread

 15:13 * meetingology mapreri reply to TB charter email thread

 15:13 <ddstreet> #subtopic self-approval of uploads to -backports pocket

 15:13 <ddstreet> #link https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-backports/2023-May/023075.html

 15:13 <ddstreet> i think teward is handling this one

 15:13 <mapreri> yes

 15:14 <ddstreet> that's all the ml threads i see

 15:14 <ddstreet> #topic open bugs

 15:14 <ddstreet> #subtopic nfs-utils/1:2.6.1-2ubuntu4 from kinetic

 15:14 <ddstreet> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/focal/+source/nfs-utils/+bug/2012676

 15:14 <mapreri> so, I had an action about following up, but I clearly failed and I actually forgot what we decided on 2 months ago? :(

 15:15 <mapreri> I fixed the bug matadata, however.  meta is important.

 15:15 <ddstreet> lemme check the old mtg minutes...

 15:15 * mapreri too

 15:15 <teward> i'm late sorry

 15:16 <teward> ddstreet: i need to address this sooner than later.  did you get any reply to the last inquiry?

 15:16 <teward> on the self approval of uploads thing

 15:16 <ddstreet> nope i did not get any reply

 15:16 <ddstreet> well lemme just recheck my inbox to be sure

 15:16 <mapreri> ddstreet: seems: 1) asking who would provide the update 2) involve the server team 3) having the mentioned bug handled via SRU

 15:17 <ddstreet> nope definitely no reply in my inbix

 15:17 <teward> mapreri: assuming theres no reply are you OK with me going to the TB and asking the TB to reach out and remind martin about the new process and that it needs to be adhered to?

 15:17 <mapreri> I'd add 4) have a better test defined

 15:17 <teward> ah there is no relly som

 15:17 <teward> reply*   so*   ffs i cant type

 15:18 <mapreri> teward: I'm fine, as long as you frame it like "asking the TB to reach out to Martin and check with him whether he received our mails about the new process, and to please contact us about his bpo uploads"

 15:19 <mapreri> teward: i.e., lose the final "it needs to be adhered to", for a first TB contact they shouldn't be saying that so straightforwardly

 15:19 <mapreri> :3

 15:19 <ddstreet> mapreri re: nfs-utils, sounds good, and you already have an action item for it

 15:19 * mapreri can be a PITA, I have been bit by too strong wording way too many times

 15:20 <teward> mapreri: how i word things for email / official requests is less heavy handed than my statements here in cha lt :)

 15:20 <ddstreet> teward we skipped over previous action items earlier, were there any of yours (other than the TB/self-approval one) you made progress on and wanted to review?

 15:21 <teward> no its been a chaotic month

 15:21 <ddstreet> yeah for me as well

 15:21 <ddstreet> ok that's all the bugs i see the team subscribed to

 15:21 <ddstreet> #topic AOB

 15:21 <ddstreet> any other business to discuss?

 15:22 <mapreri> another nfs thing:

 15:22 <mapreri> shouldn't it come from jammy, not from kinetic?

 15:22 <mapreri> doing kinetic → focal will break update paths

 15:22 * mapreri goes to re-read the policy he himself wrote u.u

 15:23 <ddstreet> i think we do allow non-LTS backport to LTS, but if they are doing kinetic->focal it must also go into jammy

 15:23 <mapreri> right

 15:23 <mapreri> I'll mention that too

 15:23 <teward> ddstreet: we do allow origin:nonLTS

 15:23 <teward> but destination:nonLTS is a no-no.  and yes we need to also get the backport into jammy in that case

 15:24 <mapreri> but we did write " For backported packages, the policy is that users must be able to upgrade from LTS to LTS", so in case of origin:kinetic it *also* needs an extra dest:jammy

 15:24 <teward> yep

 15:24 <mapreri> or just start from jammy, the kinetic update doesn't look interesting to me

 15:25 <teward> mapreri: could ask for clarification as to why source:kinetic is required and whether source:jammy works

 15:25 <mapreri> aye, doing

 15:25 <ddstreet> and also the backport to bionic has a really short window before the bionic repo closes, i think it's end of june right?

 15:26 <ddstreet> or maybe july

 15:26 <ddstreet> ok moving on, any other business? if not, let's sched the next meeting

 15:26 <mapreri> yeah well... they won't make it, but whatever at this point…

 15:26 <mapreri> no aob from me :)

 15:27 <ddstreet> 4 weeks would put us at july 5

 15:27 <teward> no other business here

 15:27 <ddstreet> that's very close to USA holiday (july 4), should we bump it to following week (july 12)?

 15:28 <mapreri> jul 5 is good to me, but indeed 12 would work slightly better as well

 15:28 <teward> either works for me

 15:28 <ddstreet> jul 12 would be better for me too

 15:28 <ddstreet> ok let's do jul 12, at same time

 15:28 <teward> 12th it is then

 15:28 <mapreri> yay

 15:29 <ddstreet> final business from me is to say i'm going to try to get *some* of my action items done before next meeting :)

 15:29 <ddstreet> let's all try to get to at least one ;-)

 15:29 <ddstreet> ok any final item before we wrap?

 15:30 <mapreri> I'm doing the mails right at this moment

 15:30 <ddstreet> awesome!!!

 15:30 <ddstreet> thanks

 15:30 <mapreri> that should make sure to have them done :3

 15:30 <ddstreet> see you covered your action already! xD

 15:30 <ddstreet> ok let's wrap then

 15:30 <ddstreet> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)