== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Community Council meeting, 20230926, started by teward, 26 Sep at 20:14 &mdash; 21:02 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2023/ubuntu-meeting.2023-09-26-20.14.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

 * Present: Chris Guiver (cguiver), Monica Ayhens-Madon (madhens), Torsten Franz (toddy), Merlijn Sebrechts (mesebrec), Thomas Ward (teward)  (teward, 20:18)

=== Topics of Discussion ===

Discussion started by teward at 20:18.


=== LoCo Council Rebooting ===

Discussion started by teward at 20:18.

 * ''LINK:'' https://fridge.ubuntu.com/2020/10/29/call-for-nominations-for-the-local-communities-council/   (toddy, 20:27)
 * ''LINK:'' https://fridge.ubuntu.com/2020/10/29/call-for-nominations-for-the-local-communities-council/   (teward, 20:27)
 * CC has determined LoCo Council will consist of 5 members.  (teward, 20:30)
 * Previous info item had unanimous acceptance by present members when teward proposed that value  (teward, 20:30)
 * CC has identified LoCo Council Member terms will be a 2-year term.  (unanimous acceptance by all present CC members at this meeting)  (teward, 20:32)
 * CC will require post-election the LoCo Council to decide within 30d a regular meeting schedule to replace the 'old' and irrelevant schedules  (teward, 20:38)
 * LoCo Council will have to decide whether to have one meeting a month or twice a month with timezone offsets.  Such meetings must have at least 3 of 5 members to be quorate at the time of the meetings selected.  (teward, 20:39)
 * Schedule: 6wk nominations period after opening and announcing call for nominations, 2-3 days for CC to review nominations list, 2 weeks for (expedited) election vote runtime via CIVS.  (teward, 20:46)
 * Nominations will be emailed to community-council@lists.ubuntu.com for review.  (teward, 20:48)
 * ''ACTION:'' Prepare and send emails out for the call for nominations, etc. for the election runs according to approved schedule. - toddy  (teward, 20:49)
 * Additional timeline notes: Call for Nominations and established timeline will be sent starting on Monday, October 16, 2023, in order to have the middle of nomination period be directly in mid-nomination-period overlap with the November Ubuntu Summit, ending post-summit, with election after that.  (teward, 20:52)

=== Issues with Certain Contributors and Various Teams ===

Discussion started by teward at 20:54.


=== AOB ===

Discussion started by teward at 20:57.


=== Future Topics for Discussion (deferred by CC to future meeting or ML for async discussion) ===

Discussion started by teward at 20:58.

 * '''Discussion on Introducing New Technologies: Discuss the potential introduction and adoption of new technologies for better collaboration and efficiency within the community.'''  (teward, 20:58)
 * '''Updates on Projects : Provide updates on ongoing projects within the community. This will keep everyone in the loop and can help identify areas where additional support may be needed'''  (teward, 20:59)
 * '''Onboarding: Turning a new volunteer into an active contributor usually requires a lot of time, effort, and patience. Do the CC Members see any low-hanging fruit to increase successful integration and retention of new volunteers among the Flavors and the technical Teams?'''  (teward, 20:59)

=== #subtopic Modern Communication Platforms - Call for Feedback ===

Discussion started by teward at 20:59.


=== Modern Communication Platforms - Call for Feedback ===

Discussion started by teward at 20:59.


=== AOB (again) ===

Discussion started by teward at 21:01.


=== Next Meeting: TBD (check emails from madhens for next meeting, and next meeting announcement call for topics on Discourse) ===

Discussion started by teward at 21:02.




== Action items, by person ==

 * toddy
  * Prepare and send emails out for the call for nominations, etc. for the election runs according to approved schedule. - toddy



== People present (lines said) ==

 * teward (103)
 * madhens (29)
 * mesebrec (26)
 * coolbhavi (21)
 * toddy (19)
 * guiverc (18)
 * meetingology (3)
 * rbasak (1)



== Full log ==


 20:14 <teward> #startmeeting Community Council meeting, 20230926

 20:14 <meetingology> Meeting started at 20:14:28 UTC.  The chair is teward.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 20:14 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 20:14 <coolbhavi> Ah ok ðŸ˜ƒ

 20:14 <teward> Greetings, and welcome to the Community Council meeting on September 26th, 2023.  It's been a long while since we had a true meeting!

 20:15 <mesebrec> \o/

 20:15 <toddy> \o/

 20:15 <teward> I do not see any topics in the Community Council category on Discourse that need our attention so I'm skipping that

 20:15 <coolbhavi> Hello to all the CC members

 20:16 <teward> CC members though, do me a favor and shout out if you're here or not

 20:16 <guiverc> Present

 20:16 <teward> because keeping an ID on who is or isn't present at each meeting is helpful for long term identification of activity

 20:16 <madhens> here!

 20:16 <toddy> here

 20:16 <mesebrec> here!

 20:17 <teward> and me makes five.  with two not present :)

 20:18 <teward> #info Present: Chris Guiver (cguiver), Monica Ayhens-Madon (madhens), Torsten Franz (toddy), Merlijn Sebrechts (mesebrec), Thomas Ward (teward)

 20:18 <teward> #topic Topics of Discussion

 20:18 <teward> Anyone got any specific topics to bring up at the meeting?

 20:18 <madhens> LoCo Council rebooting

 20:18 <teward> #topic LoCo Council Rebooting

 20:19 <teward> madhens: you have the floor :)

 20:19 <coolbhavi> Yay!

 20:21 <teward> It's my understanding we have a request to reboot the LoCo Council and such to get a proper governance team set up for LoCos, but as I am inundated with a hundred items today, I don't currently have the full list of items necessary for us to talk about RE: this topic on hand, hence why I handed the table to madhens for leading that discussion

 20:21 <madhens> Hi! There has been a lot of interest in bringing new life into the LoCos, and some of our community members, like coolbhavi here, have been doing a lot of work in their areas. To help support them, and to enable them to help relaunch old LoCos, create new ones, and make it easier for people to find each other out in the real world, I support reviving the LoCo council, with the goal of having new elections by year's end.

 20:22 <madhens> I think that is at least where we need to start, and what action is most important for us to take as the CC.

 20:22 <madhens> And why I badgered you all with polls and e-mails :)

 20:23 <mesebrec> I think that's a great idea, and thank you madhens for working on this! <3

 20:23 <guiverc> likewise (great Idea & thanks madhens )

 20:23 <coolbhavi> Yes we the loco rebooters team are putting a lot of effort on rebooting the loco ecosystem over past few months

 20:23 <teward> I don't know if we ever defined the requirements for a LoCo council member and what their list of duties would be.  So the first thing we have to do as the CC is define the requirements for someone to qualify as a member and to enumerate the general tasks that a LoCo Council member would have to address.  From that, we then have to put out a call for nominations and ask people to put their names in for nomination.

 20:25 <madhens> Do we feel this can be something done by the CC and ask for feedback from the community on Discourse - or from the group of LoCo rebooters we have at present?

 20:25 <madhens> I feel this can be something done by next month.

 20:25 <teward> madhens: since it's a Leadership council, the CC has to determine the minimum requirements we have

 20:25 <toddy> I think we have done it in the past cause we have had call for nominations in the past.

 20:25 <madhens> (keep talking - a friend just buzzed in my apartment gate to pick up something. Back in 5!)

 20:26 <teward> toddy: if you can dig up one of those call for nominations that'd be great.

 20:26 <toddy> i seach for it

 20:26 <teward> if we can find that and the historic requirements then we only as the CC have to decide if those requirements make sense

 20:26 <coolbhavi> @teward: for me being a former loco council member the requirements can be simple like being an ubuntu member with an interest in local communities ecosystem

 20:26 <teward> and then put out a call for nominations on each mechanism we want to announce it on.

 20:26 <toddy> teward: https://fridge.ubuntu.com/2020/10/29/call-for-nominations-for-the-local-communities-council/

 20:27 <toddy> #link https://fridge.ubuntu.com/2020/10/29/call-for-nominations-for-the-local-communities-council/

 20:27 <teward> toddy: need to be chair for that, and i'm the only chair atm

 20:27 <guiverc> thanks toddy

 20:27 <teward> #link https://fridge.ubuntu.com/2020/10/29/call-for-nominations-for-the-local-communities-council/

 20:28 <teward> note that as we approach election we need to also get all the Ubuntu members' emails that're alive to send the CIVS poll out to, since they changed the CIVS poll system to require us to specify individual recipients now, but I can dredge up rbasak's scripts for doing something like that, I think rbasak had such a script package I can adapt for the CC's needs

 20:28 <mesebrec> How many council members do we need? It might be a good idea to add an additional point to the requirements "be willing to spend some time during the next year to get the loco council running again"

 20:29 <teward> I don't disagree, but it should be an Odd Number

 20:29 <coolbhavi> Same as the CC quorum would do

 20:29 <mesebrec> I volunteer to get the emails and do the poll, once we're there.Â  I already did it for another election using CIVS' new policy

 20:29 <madhens> 5 or 7 seems good?

 20:29 <toddy> than we take 5?

 20:29 <teward> 7 seems like a lot, 3 is too small, so 5 is a good target number.  Unless we want it to be an even number with a CC member also serving on it as any tie breakers

 20:29 <mesebrec> ok for 5

 20:29 <guiverc> I like 5

 20:29 <madhens> go for 5

 20:30 <coolbhavi> +1 @teward

 20:30 <teward> #info CC has determined LoCo Council will consist of 5 members.

 20:30 <teward> #info Previous info item had unanimous acceptance by present members when teward proposed that value

 20:31 <teward> do we want to add a requirement as mesebrec suggested, adding a requirement of "be willing to spend some time to get the loco council running again"?

 20:31 <teward> and do we have any issues with a 2-year term for LoCo Council Members?

 20:31 <toddy> I have no issue with the 2 year term

 20:31 <mesebrec> +1 for two year term

 20:32 <guiverc> I'm not sure the requirement would gain much (would people put name forward if not willing to spend time)... no issue with 2 year term

 20:32 <madhens> +1 two year term

 20:32 <teward> #info CC has identified LoCo Council Member terms will be a 2-year term.  (unanimous acceptance by all present CC members at this meeting)

 20:32 <madhens> I would be willing to work on the wording for that requirement - I think it's necessary context for the first LoCo council back after such a long absence

 20:33 <mesebrec> I also propose to remove the "be available during typical meeting hours". The loco council can decide new meeting hours themselves.

 20:33 <mesebrec> and async contributors are still valuable.

 20:33 <madhens> Agree, mesebrec

 20:33 <guiverc> I agree

 20:33 <coolbhavi> @teward:  +1 as interest in local communities ecosystem can help speed up the activities of reeboot

 20:33 <teward> agreed, but we will require certain things to be done within a reasonable timeframe after the council is restaffed

 20:33 <madhens> Especially since LoCo Council might have huge range in time zones

 20:34 <teward> so post-election I would want to put up a requirement for the elected members to decide regular meeting times among themselves on a consistent schedule within 30d of election, for example

 20:34 <madhens> Agreed

 20:34 <madhens> Could that be async or two meetings to cover time zones as needed?

 20:34 <guiverc> i have no problem with that; +1

 20:35 <coolbhavi> +1 can we have each member representative of different time zones? and meet 2 times a month?

 20:35 <teward> madhens: if they need to decide something they need to be quorate each meeting

 20:35 <teward> even if we have different timezones, etc.  (see: Membership Boards)

 20:35 <teward> and offset meeting times

 20:35 <teward> (also see DMB schedules)

 20:36 <coolbhavi> 3 on 5 for quorum then!

 20:36 <teward> madhens: if they aren't quorate then they can move to lists, DIscourse, etc. for voting as long as it's logged/indexed somewhere (probably a case for a mailing list either via lists.u.c or launchpad)

 20:36 <madhens> Excellent!

 20:36 <mesebrec> indeed

 20:36 <teward> i'm not against two meetings that are offset from each other to cover different time zones

 20:36 <madhens> That settles any issues I have

 20:36 <coolbhavi> +1

 20:36 <teward> it's why the DMB and such have multiple meetings a month, offset by 2 weeks and different times

 20:36 <guiverc> +1

 20:36 <mesebrec> What is DMB?

 20:36 <teward> mesebrec: Developer Membership Board

 20:37 <teward> sorry i wear a bazillion hats ;)

 20:37 <mesebrec> :)

 20:37 <teward> mesebrec: Devel Membership Board - delegated decisions of whether to grant upload privs to the archives to developers from the TB, with TB ultimately being its governance group (with the CC being TB governance though it's rare we do anything with the TB)

 20:38 <teward> ok let me add these notes

 20:38 <mesebrec> That's clear, thanks!

 20:38 <teward> #info CC will require post-election the LoCo Council to decide within 30d a regular meeting schedule to replace the 'old' and irrelevant schedules

 20:38 <coolbhavi> So until what time does the call for nominations be open? Perhaps a month maybe?

 20:39 <teward> #info LoCo Council will have to decide whether to have one meeting a month or twice a month with timezone offsets.  Such meetings must have at least 3 of 5 members to be quorate at the time of the meetings selected.

 20:39 <teward> coolbhavi: typically I'd say two months or six weeks at the discretion of our choice, but unless we want to move the election completion to end of January and just get the processes started now, I'd say that 6 weeks is the lower limit of how long we should run this, unless we all agree 1 month is sufficient.

 20:40 <teward> my opinion, obviously, but still a valid one

 20:40 <teward> thoughts from the rest of the Council members?

 20:40 <coolbhavi> We were planning to announce results in the ubuntu summit :)

 20:40 <teward> remind me when the summit happens?

 20:41 <madhens> November 3-5

 20:41 <toddy> 1 month is ok for me. but we can also take six weeks.

 20:41 <teward> well it's September 26 now, a month gets us to October 26, elections typically run 2 weeks in general for all elections

 20:41 <teward> so that schedule puts us beyond the timeframe requested

 20:41 <guiverc> we only have ~1 month to meet Summit

 20:41 <teward> as i said

 20:42 <madhens> I agree with Toddy. It would be great if we could have results by the summit, but I also don't want to rush

 20:42 <mesebrec> Honestly, closing nominations _after_ summit is a good idea, I think.

 20:42 <teward> I'm actually in favor of using the Summit as a mechanism to announce that we're reopening the LoCo Council

 20:42 <mesebrec> That way, we can poke people at the summit to nominate themselves

 20:42 <teward> and we are accepting nominations.

 20:43 <madhens> With actual poking!

 20:43 <guiverc> :)

 20:43 <toddy> :)

 20:43 <coolbhavi> +1 :)

 20:43 <teward> and then we run the vote *after* the Summit so we can give the Ubuntu Members enough time to actually vote *in* the election

 20:43 <teward> rather than rushing it

 20:43 <mesebrec> Good idea!

 20:43 <coolbhavi> Fine by me ðŸ˜Š

 20:43 <guiverc> I like idea of no rush

 20:44 <teward> if we're all OK with that, then we can operate on a six week operation for the nomination period, and then the CC will have an internal discussion or meeting (perhaps not here but in a private channel or such as needed) for deciding who in the nominations list IS eligible and then get the election started after that.

 20:44 <coolbhavi> Have a session on loco reboot where we can actually catch the pulse of the people

 20:45 <coolbhavi> At the summit

 20:45 <guiverc> What you suggest sounds good to me teward

 20:45 <coolbhavi> So +1 for this

 20:45 <toddy> teward: +1

 20:45 <teward> coolbhavi: that's something I'd recommend, yes, because if we get a lot of positive input that'll help get more nominations

 20:45 <teward> so six weeks after we announce opening of nominations for accepting, a day or two for the CC to review nominations and eliminate anyone who isn't qualified or who we wish to reject/veto because of sane reasons (like they do too many things and there's an assumption of time conflict, etc.) or such, and then two weeks for running the election.

 20:45 <madhens> Agreed, teward

 20:46 <teward> #info Schedule: 6wk nominations period after opening and announcing call for nominations, 2-3 days for CC to review nominations list, 2 weeks for (expedited) election vote runtime via CIVS.

 20:47 <teward> toddy: you're OK with handling the emails, etc. for this?

 20:47 <teward> and are we all OK with people submitting their nominations to community-council@lists.u.c?

 20:47 <teward> (part of the email is telling them where to submit nominations, self or otherwise)

 20:47 <madhens> Yes

 20:48 <guiverc> sounds appropriate to me; +1

 20:48 <toddy> yes

 20:48 <mesebrec> yes

 20:48 <teward> #info Nominations will be emailed to community-council@lists.ubuntu.com for review.

 20:49 <teward> #action Prepare and send emails out for the call for nominations, etc. for the election runs according to approved schedule. - toddy

 20:49 * meetingology Prepare and send emails out for the call for nominations, etc. for the election runs according to approved schedule. - toddy

 20:49 <teward> anything else on this topic?

 20:49 <mesebrec> Just a clarification: does the call for nominations start at summit or before?

 20:50 <teward> that's a good question, thoughts madhens, guiverc, toddy?

 20:50 <teward> and what's your opinion on it mesebrec?

 20:50 <toddy> mesebrec: before

 20:50 <teward> six weeks from Today(TM) puts us closing the election on Nov 7th, so maybe we wait two weeks before we open the election

 20:50 <guiverc> I understood it as nominations start BEFOPE summit, with summit within the 6 week period (so actual poking etc can occur)

 20:50 <toddy> we can start it one or two weeks before

 20:50 <madhens> Before, and elections after. I like that timeline, teward.

 20:50 <coolbhavi> I would be fine with before just to get the ball rolling at the summit

 20:51 <mesebrec> Ok for doing call in two weeks

 20:51 <mesebrec> *starting call

 20:52 <teward> #info Additional timeline notes: Call for Nominations and established timeline will be sent starting on Monday, October 16, 2023, in order to have the middle of nomination period be directly in mid-nomination-period overlap with the November Ubuntu Summit, ending post-summit, with election after that.

 20:52 <teward> closing the nominations*

 20:52 <teward> (where I said closing the election before oops)

 20:52 <teward> I don't have any objections to any of this, any other objections or concerns?

 20:53 <guiverc> none.

 20:53 <toddy> noone

 20:53 <madhens> none

 20:54 <teward> mesebrec: any objections, concerns, or questions?

 20:54 <mesebrec> none, if toddy is OK with doing emails

 20:54 <teward> yep, we're all set :)

 20:54 <toddy> yes, that's okay for me :)

 20:54 <teward> nice, now a short little topic from me

 20:54 <mesebrec> great! :)

 20:54 <teward> #topic Issues with Certain Contributors and Various Teams

 20:55 <teward> It has been brought to my attention by members of Canonical through several mechanisms that we have ongoing issues with a certain person attempting to contribute in a poor way, with an attitude towards it that is grating to various teams and processes

 20:56 <coolbhavi> A word of thanks to CC members for pushing ahead the loco ecosystem

 20:56 <teward> Both the Security Team members and members of other Canonical teams (Desktop, etc.) have independently approached me regarding a few different contributors I will not name here, but I will be sending an email within the next three days that needs all CC members to review regarding this, and it will end up in our private processing queue on the mailing list.

 20:56 <teward> Including what we will need to determine in regards to this contributor.

 20:56 <teward> so just an FYI to the rest of the members, that's coming in the chain.

 20:57 <teward> #topic AOB

 20:57 <guiverc> ack & thanks for notice teward

 20:57 <teward> I have no other items on my list.

 20:57 <teward> coolbhavi: thanks for the thank you!  We're happy to support the wider community!  :)

 20:57 <mesebrec> A few topics were proposed on discourse, but I don't think we have time for them.

 20:57 <guiverc> there were some responses to madhens agenda post; https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/call-for-agenda-topics-september-2023/38589/4

 20:57 <teward> mesebrec: we can add them as future items, let me dredge that up

 20:57 <toddy> It is also late in my time zone. :)

 20:58 <mesebrec> 23:00 here, cats are complaining they have not yet received dinner ;)

 20:58 <teward> # Future Topics for Discussion (deferred by CC to future meeting or ML)

 20:58 <madhens> It also could be possible to do some async prep. I also think the Matrix issue is for IRC Council, at least initially.

 20:58 <teward> oops

 20:58 <toddy> mesebrec: :P

 20:58 <teward> #topic Future Topics for Discussion (deferred by CC to future meeting or ML for async discussion)

 20:58 <madhens> Oh no! Feed those kitties mesebrec !

 20:58 <teward> #subtopic Discussion on Introducing New Technologies: Discuss the potential introduction and adoption of new technologies for better collaboration and efficiency within the community.

 20:59 <teward> #subtopic Updates on Projects : Provide updates on ongoing projects within the community. This will keep everyone in the loop and can help identify areas where additional support may be needed

 20:59 <teward> #subtopic Onboarding: Turning a new volunteer into an active contributor usually requires a lot of time, effort, and patience. Do the CC Members see any low-hanging fruit to increase successful integration and retention of new volunteers among the Flavors and the technical Teams?

 20:59 <teward> also quick note on this topic:

 20:59 <teward> #topic #subtopic Modern Communication Platforms - Call for Feedback

 20:59 <teward> blah oops

 20:59 <teward> #topic Modern Communication Platforms - Call for Feedback

 21:00 <teward> I've been in contact with Canonical about the various platforms that have been requested

 21:00 <teward> and proposed old-style bridging like we use on Lubuntu or other teams/groups to bridge all chats together (using Matterbridge as the mechanism).  You can see cross-talk in #ubuntu-quality between Telegram and IRC, etc. as an example

 21:01 <coolbhavi> Yes I had a post on the Ubuntu beginners team and ubuntu developer advisory team for the contributing member conversion :)

 21:01 <teward> I said that the CC doesn't need to weigh in on a decision for this, as this is less a requirement for CC decision/discussion and more a "How do we handle the multiple chat platforms thing", but we can async discuss this on the ML

 21:01 <teward> so nothing more there.

 21:01 <mesebrec> For the record: Snapcrafters is working on improving onboarding for new contributors to the snap ecosystem. Contact me if you want to be included and/or are interested to help out building a better process.

 21:01 <teward> #topic AOB (again)

 21:01 <teward> Any other business or are we good?  I know all of us are hitting hard-limits

 21:01 <mesebrec> Good ^o^

 21:01 <guiverc> i'm happy.

 21:02 <teward> madhens: make sure to schedule the next meeting.  We can have private ad-hoc meetings if we need to discuss things as well

 21:02 <madhens> No other business I can think of.

 21:02 <madhens> Will do.

 21:02 <rbasak> You mentioned me above. https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/how-to-create-an-election/1387/2 and that thread links to everything you need I think.

 21:02 <toddy> From me no other things

 21:02 <teward> #topic Next Meeting: TBD (check emails from madhens for next meeting, and next meeting announcement call for topics on Discourse)

 21:02 <teward> Great, then I think we're golden!

 21:02 <teward> rbasak: ack, thanks, though I think toddy has the process down pat :)

 21:02 <teward> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)