== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status meeting, started by cpaelzer, 27 Jun at 14:30 &mdash; 15:04 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2023/ubuntu-meeting.2023-06-27-14.30.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== current component mismatches ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 14:31.

 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg   (cpaelzer, 14:31)
 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg   (cpaelzer, 14:31)

=== New MIRs ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 14:34.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=NEW&field.status%3Alist=CONFIRMED&assignee_option=none&field.assignee=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (cpaelzer, 14:34)

=== Incomplete bugs / questions ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 14:47.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (cpaelzer, 14:47)
 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/cairomm1.16/+bug/2020273   (cpaelzer, 14:48)
 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/cairomm1.16/+bug/2020273/comments/2 - my normal MIR review  (slyon, 14:50)

=== Process/Documentation improvements ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 14:52.

 * ''LINK:'' https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/pulls   (cpaelzer, 14:52)
 * ''LINK:'' https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/issues   (cpaelzer, 14:52)
 * ''LINK:'' https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/pull/27   (cpaelzer, 14:54)
 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/gtkmm4.0/+bug/2020472   (joalif, 14:57)

=== MIR related Security Review Queue ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 14:59.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-security/+bugs?field.searchtext=%5BMIR%5D&assignee_option=choose&field.assignee=ubuntu-security&field.bug_reporter=&field.bug_commenter=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (cpaelzer, 14:59)
 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-security/+bugs?field.searchtext=[MIR]&assignee_option=choose&field.assignee=ubuntu-security&field.bug_reporter=&field.bug_commenter=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (cpaelzer, 15:00)
 * ''LINK:'' https://warthogs.atlassian.net/jira/software/c/projects/SEC/boards/594   (cpaelzer, 15:00)

=== Any other business? ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 15:00.

 * ''LINK:'' https://launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/dh-builtusing ...  (sarnold, 15:01)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * cpaelzer (154)
 * sarnold (27)
 * dviererbe (15)
 * slyon (14)
 * didrocks (10)
 * joalif (6)
 * jbicha (6)
 * eslerm (5)
 * meetingology (2)



== Full log ==


 14:30 <cpaelzer> #startmeeting Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status

 14:30 <meetingology> Meeting started at 14:30:40 UTC.  The chair is cpaelzer.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 14:30 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 14:30 <cpaelzer> Ping for MIR meeting - didrocks joalif slyon sarnold cpaelzer jamespage ( eslerm dviererbe )

 14:30 <cpaelzer> Hello everyone

 14:30 <cpaelzer> glad to see so many waiting

 14:31 <cpaelzer> so without further ado, jumping on agenda point 1

 14:31 <cpaelzer> #topic current component mismatches

 14:31 <cpaelzer> Mission: Identify required actions and spread the load among the teams

 14:31 <cpaelzer> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg

 14:31 <cpaelzer> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg

 14:31 <cpaelzer> bryce is still working on that spamassassin case

 14:31 <cpaelzer> it seems we will need it

 14:31 <cpaelzer> and he preps the paperwork

 14:31 <cpaelzer> but as in the past, those perl libs are just structural wrappers around the source

 14:32 <didrocks> o/

 14:32 <cpaelzer> so we have been - and here for efficiency - do some less deep checks

 14:32 <cpaelzer> mostly "is this really such a simple case"

 14:32 <cpaelzer> but, not open for review yet

 14:32 <cpaelzer> just a heads up

 14:32 <joalif> o/

 14:32 <cpaelzer> jamespage: the other never ending story is yourd - jaraco.text

 14:33 <cpaelzer> when you read this later, let us know what the state and expectation on this should be

 14:33 <cpaelzer> we have a new cycle, so everything might be different now :-)

 14:33 <cpaelzer> ruby has gotten stub bugs

 14:33 <cpaelzer> existing, but not yet ready

 14:33 <sarnold> good morning

 14:33 <cpaelzer> I see nothing else new in those files

 14:34 <cpaelzer> hello also to didrocks joalif and sarnold

 14:34 <cpaelzer> and to slyon eslerm and dviererbe who were here before logging started :-)

 14:34 <cpaelzer> ok, going on

 14:34 <cpaelzer> #topic New MIRs

 14:34 <cpaelzer> Mission: ensure to assign all incoming reviews for fast processing

 14:34 <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=NEW&field.status%3Alist=CONFIRMED&assignee_option=none&field.assignee=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 14:35 <sarnold> oof, good luck to bryce

 14:35 <cpaelzer> hehe

 14:35 <cpaelzer> as i said, ruby isn't really ready yet

 14:35 <cpaelzer> so we can ignore that for this week

 14:35 <cpaelzer> I'll mark them incomplete for now

 14:36 <cpaelzer> that leaves https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/dotnet6/+bug/2023531

 14:36 <dviererbe> I filed an MIR for dotnet6. Its a large and complex package but there is no time pressure to get it into main this cycle

 14:36 <cpaelzer> dviererbe: dare you, how could you brind this

 14:36 <cpaelzer> it is huge for sure

 14:36 <slyon> dviererbe: I guess foundations would be the owning team. I can see it subscribed.. do you want me to do that?

 14:36 <slyon> can't*

 14:37 <cpaelzer> dviererbe: any reason to start with dotnet6 and not 7 ?

 14:37 <cpaelzer> or is 7 already up and in some interim state?

 14:37 <dviererbe> We only want to MIR LTS versions

 14:37 <cpaelzer> (maybe I should read the bug)

 14:37 <sarnold> - This MIR exists in parralel to the MIR for dotnet7

 14:37 <dviererbe> cpaelzer: Waht does "brind mean"

 14:38 <cpaelzer> bring + a typo

 14:38 <cpaelzer> As I understood, dotnet7 is not an LTS, so no MIR for it

 14:38 <dviererbe> ohh... I'm sorry

 14:38 <dviererbe> correct

 14:38 <cpaelzer> dviererbe: what are the target releases for this - only mantic or later?

 14:38 <cpaelzer> dviererbe: or will this be going back in time, as you backport all of it all the time anyway

 14:39 <dviererbe> Including all, back until jammy would be preferred

 14:39 <sarnold> will we have both dotnet6 and dotnet8 in 24.04 LTS ? https://dotnet.microsoft.com/en-us/platform/support/policy/dotnet-core

 14:39 <cpaelzer> or will you make a choice

 14:39 <dviererbe> dotnet8 will be there in 24.04

 14:39 <cpaelzer> which dotnet matches which Ubuntu LTSes

 14:39 <sarnold> "Even numbered releases are LTS releases that get free support and patches for three years." oof that's long, eh? :(

 14:40 <cpaelzer> so will it be dotnet6 18-04->23.10 and then dotnet8 24.04->future ?

 14:40 <dviererbe> only since jammy

 14:41 <cpaelzer> ?

 14:41 <dviererbe> The actual support strategy is a little bit complicated. I will add a comment to the bug

 14:41 <sarnold> thanks

 14:41 <cpaelzer> dotnet8 on >=jammy - is that it

 14:41 <cpaelzer> appreciate that

 14:41 <sarnold> what's our plan for after the end of upstream support?

 14:42 <dviererbe> If I recall correctly dotnet8 will only be needed in >= 24.04 and dotnet6 in >= 22.04

 14:42 <dviererbe> The plan is to provide a transitional package that deinstalls dotnet when it reaches EOL

 14:42 <sarnold> aha, interesting

 14:42 <dviererbe> We already talked with security about that

 14:42 <cpaelzer> wow

 14:43 <cpaelzer> umm, yeah please outline that on the bug :-)

 14:43 <sarnold> it does sound familiar. sigh :( my memory isn't what it was :(

 14:43 <dviererbe> no worries you have a lot to do

 14:43 <cpaelzer> ok, I made a post on the bug

 14:43 <cpaelzer> and I'm waiting for dviererbe to add more details later

 14:43 <cpaelzer> in any case, we need to start a review on it

 14:44 <cpaelzer> and that isn't as special in this case

 14:44 <cpaelzer> as things with daemons and ports are often more complex to review

 14:44 <sarnold> do we have such strong feelings about 'no generated objects / sources' the same way debian does?

 14:44 <cpaelzer> this is more pain for security later on I guess

 14:44 <cpaelzer> sarnold: we do have the opinion to avoid whenever possible, but not strictly forbid them AFAIK

 14:44 <sarnold> this feels likely to be supported via the 'big blog from MS' model

 14:44 <sarnold> s/blog/blob/'

 14:44 <cpaelzer> s/blog/blob/ ?

 14:45 <cpaelzer> yeah :-)

 14:45 <cpaelzer> ok, counting slyon out as he is in the requesting team

 14:45 <sarnold> which I have to say isn't very pleasing when applied to eg mysql

 14:45 <dviererbe> sarnold: Maybe you can talk with Ian about the dotnet package. we work with him for security releases

 14:45 * slyon nods

 14:45 <cpaelzer> that leaves joalif didrocks or me to review

 14:45 <cpaelzer> volunteers or should I roll a dice

 14:46 <joalif> roll a dice :p

 14:46 <didrocks> if there is no time constraints, I can take it, but we can make it fun too with a dice roll :)

 14:46 <cpaelzer> 1-2 me, 3-4 joalif, 5-6 didrocks

 14:46 <cpaelzer> 1

 14:46 <cpaelzer> = me

 14:46 <sarnold> snake eyes!

 14:46 <dviererbe> I'm sorry :/

 14:46 <cpaelzer> there goes my automation of statistics ... o/

 14:47 <didrocks> sorry too for you :/ wonder how you did your dice roll though!

 14:47 <cpaelzer> all fine dviererbe

 14:47 <cpaelzer> didrocks: I have literally dices on my desk for planning and situations like this

 14:47 <sarnold> :D

 14:47 <cpaelzer> benefit of old role players I can cover any team size

 14:47 <cpaelzer> ok, going on

 14:47 <didrocks> waow, that’s orgnanization! :)

 14:47 <cpaelzer> #topic Incomplete bugs / questions

 14:47 <cpaelzer> Mission: Identify required actions and spread the load among the teams

 14:47 <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 14:47 <sarnold> I wanna see that three-sided die

 14:47 <cpaelzer> sarnold: you do realize thet is a D6/2

 14:48 <cpaelzer> primes are hard

 14:48 <sarnold> oh. that's less fun.

 14:48 <cpaelzer> but as manager we can be creative

 14:48 <cpaelzer> two of the recent cases are in here

 14:48 <cpaelzer> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/cairomm1.16/+bug/2020273

 14:48 <cpaelzer> tasks of slyon for4 jbicha

 14:48 <slyon> I had a question about the symbols handling on this one ^

 14:48 <sarnold> "This does not need a security review"  <3 :)

 14:48 <cpaelzer> state ok for now

 14:48 <slyon> as discussed on the mailinglist

 14:49 <cpaelzer> so we are coming back to symbosl

 14:49 <cpaelzer> symbols

 14:49 <cpaelzer> I haven't seen that, do you have a link slyon?

 14:50 <cpaelzer> is that the continuation of the discussion seb opened a while ago?

 14:50 <sarnold> yeah

 14:50 <slyon> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/cairomm1.16/+bug/2020273/comments/2 - my normal MIR review

 14:50 <cpaelzer> IIRC last week we said he is writing a PR to clarify the "one should try"

 14:50 <joalif> talking about symbols in my review this week https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/gtkmm4.0/+bug/2020472 , symbols were missing as well for gtkmm4.0 but I wrote it is ok since gtkmm3.0 are also missing and is already in universe

 14:50 <slyon> essentially, I couldn't find a previous MIR (seems this has been in main forever). So I did a full review

 14:50 <cpaelzer> slyon: yeah, that happened to me as well

 14:51 <slyon> cairomm[1.16] does not ship any .symbols files and I could not find any other attempt at ABI compatibilty testing. Therefore, I asked the questions why it should be skipped for this package (cc jbicha)

 14:51 <cpaelzer> yeah

 14:51 <cpaelzer> and as discussed we want to see it tried and given up for a reason

 14:51 <cpaelzer> instead of giving up generally

 14:51 <didrocks> agreed

 14:51 <slyon> right.

 14:51 <cpaelzer> ok for now

 14:52 <cpaelzer> let us wait what the answer is

 14:52 <cpaelzer> to close out this agenda item - https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/libhttp-cookiejar-perl/+bug/2024245 - has an open question and therefore is ok to be incomplete for now

 14:52 <slyon> And accepting it just because it has been bad before (without any reasoning given) isn't good

 14:52 <slyon> IMHO

 14:52 <cpaelzer> yep

 14:52 <cpaelzer> there is some balance to strike, but yes

 14:52 <cpaelzer> we can keep it at that for now

 14:52 <cpaelzer> #topic Process/Documentation improvements

 14:52 <cpaelzer> Mission: Review pending process/documentation pull-requests or issues

 14:52 <cpaelzer> #link https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/pulls

 14:52 <cpaelzer> #link https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/issues

 14:52 <jbicha> .

 14:53 <cpaelzer> oh, hi jbicha

 14:53 <cpaelzer> do you want to immediately discuss/report about that?

 14:53 <cpaelzer> or only seen the highlights so far

 14:53 <jbicha> for glibmm2.68, I have a draft to force symbols tracking for amd64 on Ubuntu only https://salsa.debian.org/gnome-team/glibmm2.68/-/merge_requests/2

 14:53 <cpaelzer> awesome

 14:53 <cpaelzer> thanks jbicha

 14:53 <jbicha> I can investigate cairomm1.16 then too

 14:54 <cpaelzer> let us know via an update in the bug if you think this lands in time or if you expect this to take ages (more thna you can wait with promotion)

 14:54 <slyon> that'd be great, thanks jbicha

 14:54 <cpaelzer> while we are at it - here we have the aforementioned PR about symbols

 14:54 <cpaelzer> https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/pull/27

 14:56 <cpaelzer> I think slyon and I commented

 14:56 <jbicha> I'm curious to see how difficult it is to update the symbols for glibmm for the next major release. The Desktop Team may come back to the MIR team if it's just too much of a headache

 14:56 <cpaelzer> we can wait for an answer

 14:56 <cpaelzer> jbicha: that sounds fair to me

 14:56 <jbicha> I expect to have an update for cairomm by next week's meeting

 14:56 <joalif> jbicha: symbols are missing for gtkmm4.0 too could you also take a look at it ?

 14:57 <joalif> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/gtkmm4.0/+bug/2020472

 14:57 <sarnold> jbicha: I really like the sound of that salsa merge request

 14:57 <cpaelzer> while making progress - the other PR up is https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/pull/28

 14:57 <jbicha> gtkmm will be like glibmm so I'll aim to complete by next meeting too

 14:57 <cpaelzer> slyon: that is simple enough and I'm +1

 14:58 <cpaelzer> if no one objects I'd merge it as-is

 14:58 <cpaelzer> any -1 here?

 14:58 <sarnold> +1

 14:58 <joalif> +1

 14:58 <cpaelzer> enough for me as it is trivial

 14:58 <cpaelzer> thanks

 14:58 <didrocks> answered +1 on the PR, unsure how useful this is, but ok :)

 14:58 <cpaelzer> the other cases are open

 14:58 <cpaelzer> but not ready

 14:59 <cpaelzer> the only issue worth is https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/issues/26

 14:59 <cpaelzer> sarnold:  given the changes, can we close this now?

 14:59 <cpaelzer> if you are ok, please do so sarnold

 14:59 <cpaelzer> and keeping time in mind, I'm going on ...

 14:59 <sarnold> cpaelzer: I figured we'd close it when we merge in https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/pull/27

 14:59 <cpaelzer> ack @sarnold

 14:59 <cpaelzer> #topic MIR related Security Review Queue

 14:59 <cpaelzer> Mission: Check on progress, do deadlines seem doable?

 14:59 <cpaelzer> Some clients can only work with one, some with the other escaping - the URLs point to the same place.

 14:59 <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-security/+bugs?field.searchtext=%5BMIR%5D&assignee_option=choose&field.assignee=ubuntu-security&field.bug_reporter=&field.bug_commenter=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 15:00 <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-security/+bugs?field.searchtext=[MIR]&assignee_option=choose&field.assignee=ubuntu-security&field.bug_reporter=&field.bug_commenter=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 15:00 <cpaelzer> Internal link

 15:00 <cpaelzer> - ensure your teams items are prioritized among each other as you'd expect

 15:00 <cpaelzer> - ensure community requests do not get stomped by teams calling for favors too much

 15:00 <cpaelzer> #link https://warthogs.atlassian.net/jira/software/c/projects/SEC/boards/594

 15:00 <cpaelzer> That LGTM - any concerns from your side sarnold ?

 15:00 <sarnold> that big pile of perl is worrying ..

 15:00 <sarnold> but right now, things feel pretty good

 15:00 <cpaelzer> it is coming

 15:00 <cpaelzer> but usually those go by mostly without security

 15:00 <cpaelzer> we will see

 15:00 <cpaelzer> thanks sarnold

 15:00 <cpaelzer> #topic Any other business?

 15:00 <cpaelzer> please mind that your other meetings might start now

 15:00 <didrocks> nothing here

 15:01 <cpaelzer> this is done any minute ...

 15:01 <eslerm> cargo and rust dependencies

 15:01 <sarnold> https://launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/dh-builtusing ...

 15:01 <cpaelzer> yeah you wanted to bring those up last time

 15:01 <cpaelzer> we might lose qorum, but you should bring up the question for awareness

 15:01 <slyon> I think we'd need didrocks opinion on https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/cargo/+bug/1993819/comments/5 to move forward the cargo MIR

 15:01 <sarnold> is ^^ this thing Good Enough? please skim it :)

 15:01 <cpaelzer> and if we can not close it out bring it up as first item next time

 15:02 <didrocks> yeah, as I didn’t "win" any MIR this week, I can have another look at this

 15:02 <cpaelzer> thank you didrocks

 15:02 <eslerm> at the Rust Support in Main meeting in Prague, other teams agreed to define a policy for tracking rebuild-dependencies

 15:02 <eslerm> this is important to the Security Team, as we need to rebuild Rust packages when vulnerabilities in their dependencies are patched

 15:02 <eslerm> i.e., patching a package should trigger rebuilding all statically linked reverse-dependencies, and rebuilds of their reverse-dependencies, and so on

 15:02 <cpaelzer> yeah, that is driven by foundations IIRC

 15:02 <eslerm> at the meeting we agreed that this new policy should apply to all packages, not just Rust

 15:03 <didrocks> I think as foundation has toolchains maintainer, this is rather something between security and them, no?

 15:03 <cpaelzer> yes didrocks

 15:03 <didrocks> (I'm happy to give a hand on Go, and explaining how this works out for it as I think I might be the one with the most awareness of govulncheck and so on…)

 15:03 <cpaelzer> slyon: would you chase down internally if this was lost or net even meant to be on foundations plate?

 15:04 <slyon> Yes, will do

 15:04 <cpaelzer> thanks

 15:04 <cpaelzer> we are good for today

 15:04 <cpaelzer> sorry to have kept you so long

 15:04 <cpaelzer> but it is important, all the time

 15:04 <cpaelzer> o/

 15:04 <sarnold> thanks cpaelzer, all

 15:04 <cpaelzer> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)