== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Technical Board Meeting, started by sil2100, 27 Jun at 19:01 &mdash; 19:14 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2023/ubuntu-meeting.2023-06-27-19.01.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== Apologies ===

Discussion started by sil2100 at 19:01.


=== Action review ===

Discussion started by sil2100 at 19:02.

 * ''ACTION:'' rbasak to get agreed backporter charter https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/technical-board/2023-June/002740.html documented under https://wiki.ubuntu.com/TechnicalBoard/  (sil2100, 19:03)
 * ''ACTION:'' seb128/amurray/sil200 to help drafting the snap-store Ubuntu-specific tracks usage  (sil2100, 19:06)
 * ''ACTION:'' sil2100 to start a draft summarizing the OEM archive portion of the meeting which x-nox and TB will review, edit, and ratify before we move on to figuring out the next step  (sil2100, 19:06)
 * ''ACTION:'' rbasak to draft a proposal of the DMB-proposed inactivity expiration policy for TB ratification  (sil2100, 19:06)
 * ''ACTION:'' rbasak to follow up on finding consensus on question of test plans for third party apps  (sil2100, 19:06)
 * ''ACTION:'' rbasak to restructure the third-party repo doc to make the status clearer  (sil2100, 19:06)
 * ''ACTION:'' rbasak to open wider discussion on third-party repo policy  (sil2100, 19:07)
 * ''DONE:'' rbasak, vorlon, amurray to replay their responses to Key Ubuntu teams discussion  (sil2100, 19:08)
 * ''ACTION:'' sil2100 to follow up on the Key Ubuntu teams discussion  (sil2100, 19:09)

=== Scan the mailing list archive for anything we missed (standing item) ===

Discussion started by sil2100 at 19:10.

 * ''LINK:'' https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/technical-board/2023-June/thread.html   (sil2100, 19:10)

=== Check up on community bugs and techboard bugs ===

Discussion started by sil2100 at 19:11.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu-community/+bugs?field.assignee=techboard   (sil2100, 19:11)
 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/techboard   (sil2100, 19:11)

=== Select a chair for the next meeting (next from https://launchpad.net/~techboard/+members) ===

Discussion started by sil2100 at 19:12.

 * ''AGREED:'' next meeting chair: amurray, backup: rbasak  (sil2100, 19:12)

=== AOB ===

Discussion started by sil2100 at 19:12.




== Action items, by person ==

 * amurray
  * seb128/amurray/sil200 to help drafting the snap-store Ubuntu-specific tracks usage
 * rbasak
  * rbasak to get agreed backporter charter https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/technical-board/2023-June/002740.html documented under https://wiki.ubuntu.com/TechnicalBoard/
  * rbasak to draft a proposal of the DMB-proposed inactivity expiration policy for TB ratification
  * rbasak to follow up on finding consensus on question of test plans for third party apps
  * rbasak to restructure the third-party repo doc to make the status clearer
  * rbasak to open wider discussion on third-party repo policy
 * seb128
  * seb128/amurray/sil200 to help drafting the snap-store Ubuntu-specific tracks usage
 * sil2100
  * sil2100 to start a draft summarizing the OEM archive portion of the meeting which x-nox and TB will review, edit, and ratify before we move on to figuring out the next step
  * sil2100 to follow up on the Key Ubuntu teams discussion



== Done items ==

 * rbasak, vorlon, amurray to replay their responses to Key Ubuntu teams discussion



== People present (lines said) ==

 * sil2100 (39)
 * meetingology (11)
 * seb128 (7)
 * amurray (3)
 * rbasak (1)



== Full log ==


 19:01 <sil2100> #startmeeting Technical Board Meeting

 19:01 <meetingology> Meeting started at 19:01:26 UTC.  The chair is sil2100.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 19:01 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 19:01 <sil2100> #topic Apologies

 19:01 <sil2100> I don't think there were any explicit apologies sent beforehand

 19:02 <sil2100> #topic Action review

 19:03 <sil2100> Since rbasak said there's no progress on his tasks, I'll carry them over. It's sadly the same for me, so I'll do that as well

 19:03 <sil2100> #action rbasak to get agreed backporter charter https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/technical-board/2023-June/002740.html documented under https://wiki.ubuntu.com/TechnicalBoard/

 19:03 * meetingology rbasak to get agreed backporter charter https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/technical-board/2023-June/002740.html documented under https://wiki.ubuntu.com/TechnicalBoard/

 19:03 * sil2100 seb128/amurray/sil200 to help drafting the snap-store Ubuntu-specific tracks usage

 19:03 <sil2100> amurray, seb128: any news on this from your side?

 19:04 <amurray> I had proposed something a while ago but I think the doc still shows it as a suggestion - so I guess that is awaiting feedback?

 19:05 <amurray> oh I see - seb128 and ken provided some comments - i guess I need to go read those - righto - let me take that as a carry-over then

 19:05 <sil2100> amurray: thanks!

 19:06 <sil2100> #action seb128/amurray/sil200 to help drafting the snap-store Ubuntu-specific tracks usage

 19:06 * meetingology seb128/amurray/sil200 to help drafting the snap-store Ubuntu-specific tracks usage

 19:06 <sil2100> Ok, mine is carry-over

 19:06 <sil2100> #action sil2100 to start a draft summarizing the OEM archive portion of the meeting which x-nox and TB will review, edit, and ratify before we move on to figuring out the next step

 19:06 * meetingology sil2100 to start a draft summarizing the OEM archive portion of the meeting which x-nox and TB will review, edit, and ratify before we move on to figuring out the next step

 19:06 <sil2100> #action rbasak to draft a proposal of the DMB-proposed inactivity expiration policy for TB ratification

 19:06 * meetingology rbasak to draft a proposal of the DMB-proposed inactivity expiration policy for TB ratification

 19:06 <sil2100> #action rbasak to follow up on finding consensus on question of test plans for third party apps

 19:06 * meetingology rbasak to follow up on finding consensus on question of test plans for third party apps

 19:06 <sil2100> #action rbasak to restructure the third-party repo doc to make the status clearer

 19:06 * meetingology rbasak to restructure the third-party repo doc to make the status clearer

 19:07 <sil2100> #action rbasak to open wider discussion on third-party repo policy

 19:07 * meetingology rbasak to open wider discussion on third-party repo policy

 19:07 <sil2100> Now it's this one:

 19:07 * sil2100 rbasak, vorlon, amurray to replay their responses to Key Ubuntu teams discussion

 19:07 <seb128> sil2100, we are missing your input on that discussion! :-)

 19:08 <sil2100> seb128: I know! I think I need an action item for that too :(

 19:08 <seb128> but the 'reply' part is done

 19:08 <seb128> replay

 19:08 <sil2100> Ok, so I'll add this as done and add an action item for me

 19:08 <seb128> though I think my main concern wasn't address and there was no reply to my most recent email

 19:08 <sil2100> #done rbasak, vorlon, amurray to replay their responses to Key Ubuntu teams discussion

 19:08 <seb128> but maybe others aren't interested in addressing that part, hard to say

 19:09 <sil2100> #action sil2100 to follow up on the Key Ubuntu teams discussion

 19:09 * meetingology sil2100 to follow up on the Key Ubuntu teams discussion

 19:10 <sil2100> seb128: I'll really try hard to find a slot to address this, maybe my reply will help things moving forward

 19:10 <sil2100> Anyway, let's move on

 19:10 <sil2100> #topic Scan the mailing list archive for anything we missed (standing item)

 19:10 <sil2100> #link https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/technical-board/2023-June/thread.html

 19:11 <sil2100> Nothing here, just the Key Ubuntu teams discussion which I'm really bad at following up on...

 19:11 <sil2100> #topic Check up on community bugs and techboard bugs

 19:11 <sil2100> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu-community/+bugs?field.assignee=techboard

 19:11 <sil2100> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/techboard

 19:11 <sil2100> No new bugs open besides the ones we already know about

 19:12 <sil2100> #topic Select a chair for the next meeting (next from https://launchpad.net/~techboard/+members)

 19:12 <sil2100> #agreed next meeting chair: amurray, backup: rbasak

 19:12 <meetingology> AGREED: next meeting chair: amurray, backup: rbasak

 19:12 <sil2100> #topic AOB

 19:12 <sil2100> Any other business?

 19:12 <sil2100> The floor is open

 19:12 <seb128> not from me

 19:13 <amurray> nothing from me

 19:13 <sil2100> There was a potential new item via the ML re: the adsys MRE, but I think that was resolved without requiring input from the TB

 19:14 <rbasak> Yeah I think that's now an SRU team item to figure out.

 19:14 <sil2100> Okay then, it's a quick meeting then. Maybe I can find time to start gathering time for the Key Ubuntu teams discussion for the reminder of the meeting

 19:14 <seb128> that would be nice indeed :)

 19:14 <sil2100> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)