== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team meeting, started by juliank, 01 Jun at 15:00 &mdash; 15:23 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2023/ubuntu-meeting.2023-06-01-15.00.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning rounds ===

Discussion started by juliank at 15:00.

 * ''LINK:'' https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/foundations-team-updates-thursday-1-jun-2023   (juliank, 15:00)

=== Release incoming bugs ===

Discussion started by juliank at 15:10.

 * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-mm-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs   (juliank, 15:10)
 * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ll-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs   (juliank, 15:13)
 * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-jj-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs   (juliank, 15:14)
 * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ff-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs   (juliank, 15:14)

=== Team proposed-migration report ===

Discussion started by juliank at 15:14.

 * ''LINK:'' https://ubuntu-archive-team.ubuntu.com/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs   (juliank, 15:14)

=== AOB ===

Discussion started by juliank at 15:20.




== People present (lines said) ==

 * juliank (26)
 * vorlon (25)
 * liushuyu (4)
 * bdmurray (3)
 * meetingology (2)
 * schopin (2)
 * dviererbe (1)
 * ginggs (1)
 * zhsj (1)
 * ogayot (1)
 * dbungert (1)
 * danilogondolfo (1)
 * enr0n (1)



== Full log ==


 15:00 <juliank> #startmeeting Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team

 15:00 <meetingology> Meeting started at 15:00:20 UTC.  The chair is juliank.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 15:00 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 15:00 <schopin> o/

 15:00 <dviererbe> o/

 15:00 <juliank> #topic Lightning rounds

 15:00 <juliank> #link https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/foundations-team-updates-thursday-1-jun-2023

 15:01 <liushuyu> o/

 15:01 <ginggs> o/

 15:01 <zhsj> o/

 15:02 <ogayot> o/

 15:03 * vorlon waves

 15:05 <bdmurray> "to my chagrin"

 15:05 <vorlon> :)

 15:06 <bdmurray> vorlon: is debootstrap verified? I don't think it needs to wait 7 days

 15:06 <vorlon> bdmurray: I didn't see the new debootstrap with the Breaks: accepted

 15:09 <juliank> vorlon: one thing about the git-ubuntu stuff, detail, but I really hate building out of the work tree, git export and building from there produces reproducible timestamps and directory names

 15:09 <juliank> Build native package out of foo/ repo, end up with foo/ top-level dir, instead of foo-version :(

 15:10 <vorlon> juliank: I am open to this!

 15:10 <vorlon> top-level dir> ok don't look at my ubuntu-dev-tools SRUs

 15:10 <juliank> heh

 15:10 <juliank> #topic Release incoming bugs

 15:10 <juliank> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-mm-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 15:11 <juliank> bug 2015538

 15:11 <juliank> last week we said

 15:11 <juliank> > okay, this'll be postponed for the next release -- we don't have capacity to take it on and neither do desktop so it'll be bumped for the nn series

 15:12 <juliank> so let's say rls-nn-incoming?

 15:12 <schopin> We talked about it further in the System squad and we basically confirmed this.

 15:13 <juliank> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ll-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 15:13 <juliank> bug 2012698

 15:13 <juliank> that was with desktop

 15:14 <juliank> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-jj-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 15:14 <juliank> empty!

 15:14 <juliank> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ff-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 15:14 <juliank> empty too!

 15:14 <juliank> #topic Team proposed-migration report

 15:14 <juliank> #link https://ubuntu-archive-team.ubuntu.com/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs

 15:14 <juliank> vorlon: you wanna take over here?

 15:14 <vorlon> sure

 15:15 <vorlon> fwupd is a sync and has autopkgtest regressions; do I remember hearing some discussion already about this wrt new network-dependent tests?  (someone already working on it?)

 15:15 <vorlon> looks like liushuyu ?

 15:15 <liushuyu> vorlon: Yes, I was working on it

 15:16 <vorlon> liushuyu: are you good to continue with that?

 15:16 <liushuyu> vorlon: And yes, it was due to network-based tests

 15:16 <vorlon> git> last week there was a comment about new dgit tests coming from Debian soon

 15:16 <vorlon> but there's no new version in mantic

 15:17 <vorlon> so I'd like someone to look at this from our side

 15:17 <vorlon> dbungert: can you take this?

 15:17 <dbungert> ack

 15:17 <vorlon> cryptsetup: this has been retried twice and still failing, so still blocking linux

 15:17 <vorlon> danilogondolfo: can you take cryptsetup?

 15:18 <danilogondolfo> vorlon, sure

 15:18 <vorlon> perl is just waiting on autopkgtest results

 15:18 <vorlon> bdmurray: is the postfix autopkgtest fix deployed? I thought I saw paride say it was but as of 2 days ago https://autopkgtest.ubuntu.com/packages/s/sbuild/mantic/amd64 is still full of failures

 15:19 <vorlon> (blocking perl)

 15:19 <vorlon> openssh: waiting for autopkgtests, nothing to do

 15:19 <vorlon> libcap2, sudo: waiting for autopkgtests

 15:19 <bdmurray> Deployed yesterday or whatever day came before that.

 15:19 <vorlon> bdmurray: ok, then I'll retry, thanks

 15:20 <vorlon> sudo/ppc64el also has an autopkgtest failure. enr0n can you look at this?

 15:20 <enr0n> vorlon: yes

 15:20 <vorlon> thanks

 15:20 <vorlon> that's it for this week

 15:20 <vorlon> juliank:

 15:20 <liushuyu> vorlon: The current situation with fwupd I believe is documented in https://pad.lv/2021908

 15:20 <juliank> #topic AOB

 15:21 <juliank> fwupd network tests are annoying grr

 15:22 <juliank> I'm out next Thursday and Friday, Thu is holiday

 15:23 <juliank> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)