== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team meeting, started by jawn-smith, 09 Feb at 16:00 &mdash; 16:48 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2023/ubuntu-meeting.2023-02-09-16.00.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== Release incoming bugs ===

Discussion started by jawn-smith at 16:09.

 * ''LINK:'' https://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ll-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs   (jawn-smith, 16:09)
 * ''LINK:'' https://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-jj-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs   (jawn-smith, 16:16)

=== proposed-migration ===

Discussion started by jawn-smith at 16:23.

 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs   (jawn-smith, 16:23)

=== AOB ===

Discussion started by jawn-smith at 16:43.




== People present (lines said) ==

 * jawn-smith (70)
 * schopin (14)
 * zhsj (7)
 * slyon (7)
 * adrien (6)
 * waveform (6)
 * bdmurray (5)
 * ginggs (5)
 * enr0n (4)
 * bdrung (3)
 * meetingology (2)
 * dbungert (2)
 * liushuyu (2)
 * sil2100 (1)
 * xypron (1)
 * ogayot (1)
 * danilogondolfo (1)



== Full log ==


 16:00 <jawn-smith> #startmeeting Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team

 16:00 <meetingology> Meeting started at 16:00:15 UTC.  The chair is jawn-smith.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 16:00 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 16:00 <jawn-smith> The status is here: https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/foundations-team-updates-thursday-09-february-2023/33804

 16:00 <zhsj> o/

 16:00 <jawn-smith> Let's all take some time to read and ask questions

 16:00 <slyon> o/

 16:00 <schopin> o/

 16:02 <sil2100> o/

 16:02 <enr0n> adrien: Can you elaborate on what "side effects" you are seeing with systemctl show/status WRT bug 2006589?

 16:05 <adrien> enr0n: it's really weird, basically I would systemctl enable anacron.service and when using systemctl status anacron.service in my postrm script, I would get a "disabled"

 16:05 <adrien> buuut if I systemctl status anacron.service before the postrm (don't know what the latest point was), I would always get "enabled" and I would also get "enabled" from the postrm

 16:07 <adrien> it definitely makes no sense to me

 16:07 <bdmurray> I haven't posted my status but as you might imagine its all autopkgtest infrastructure related

 16:08 <enr0n> adrien: hm okay, I'm having a hard time parsing this right now. Is there a simple reproducer or test case you can show? (We can discuss it more later though)

 16:09 <jawn-smith> #topic Release incoming bugs

 16:09 <jawn-smith> #link https://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ll-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 16:09 <jawn-smith> bug 2003331

 16:10 <adrien> enr0n: well, the anacron patch should reproduce that issue but I haven't try on another machine that mine so I can't tell if it's not a local issue; I'll try to have a look; back to meeting for now

 16:10 <jawn-smith> We've agreed in past meetings that this is a desktop team issue

 16:10 <jawn-smith> So moving on

 16:10 <jawn-smith> bug 2004092

 16:12 <jawn-smith> enr0n: sounds like you're going to investigate this?

 16:12 <jawn-smith> Sounds like enr0n will look into the systemd side of this and dbungert will look into the casper side

 16:13 <dbungert> I can support that

 16:13 <enr0n> jawn-smith: Yeah, the summary is that in either case, casper needs a change so that it does not pick a UID/GID. But I need to look into systemd-sysusers behavior, because it does not allow changing UID boundaries at run time.

 16:14 <jawn-smith> So we've updated the tags to foundations-todo and assigned the bug

 16:14 <jawn-smith> bug 2002871

 16:15 <jawn-smith> waveform:

 16:16 <waveform> nothing to report on this yet

 16:16 <waveform> hopefully will get to it next week

 16:16 <jawn-smith> Okay, I'll leave it with you then

 16:16 <jawn-smith> That's it for ll

 16:16 <jawn-smith> kk is empty again \o/

 16:16 <jawn-smith> #link https://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-jj-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 16:16 <jawn-smith> bug 1063589

 16:17 <bdmurray> See comment #8

 16:18 <jawn-smith> bdrung: you usually work on apport right?

 16:18 <bdrung> yes

 16:18 <jawn-smith> Do you have the bandwidth to investigate this?

 16:19 <bdrung> currently no. apport is not related to it.

 16:19 <jawn-smith> Oh it's update manager

 16:20 <jawn-smith> Who usually works on that? enr0n or bdmurray ?

 16:20 <bdmurray> The traceback is really with aptdaemon and dbus

 16:20 <jawn-smith> Should the affected packages be changed in the bug then?

 16:21 <bdmurray> Let me do a little more research into this but priority wise I think it'll not end up on foundations-todo

 16:21 <jawn-smith> Sounds good, thanks Brian

 16:21 <jawn-smith> Moving on then

 16:21 <jawn-smith> bug 1999345

 16:22 <jawn-smith> Last we discussed this it was with the security team

 16:23 <jawn-smith> doesn't look like there are any updates to the bug so it appears there's nothing for us to do

 16:23 <jawn-smith> #topic proposed-migration

 16:23 <jawn-smith> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs

 16:23 <jawn-smith> libarchive is with me

 16:23 <jawn-smith> I have some ideas but need to wait for queues to go down

 16:24 <jawn-smith> llvm-toolchain-14 is with doko

 16:24 <jawn-smith> adrien is working on the MIR for licensecheck

 16:24 <jawn-smith> slyon: Are you still working fuse3 and ostree?

 16:25 <slyon> jawn-smith: yes.. I got stuck

 16:25 <slyon> i created a update-excuse bug if somebody experienced with FUSE wants to have a look

 16:25 <jawn-smith> Anyone experienced with FUSE?

 16:26 <schopin> ginggs: didn't you do the fuse3 migration?

 16:27 <ginggs> i did, but that was more a pestering people job

 16:27 <ginggs> i can take a look though

 16:27 <schopin> I think you're supposed to say "coordinating an archive-wide effort" these days.

 16:27 <jawn-smith> waveform: still working on sbuild right?

 16:27 <waveform> yup

 16:27 <jawn-smith> hooray

 16:28 <jawn-smith> ginggs: you were working on setuptools last time

 16:28 <liushuyu> I am also open to take some proposed migrations

 16:28 <jawn-smith> It still has one regression

 16:28 <ginggs> jenkins-job-builder is fixed, just waiting on autopkgtests

 16:28 <jawn-smith> hooray

 16:28 <jawn-smith> curl has some regressions

 16:28 <jawn-smith> That we didn't assign last week

 16:29 <jawn-smith> Any volunteers?

 16:29 <ginggs> does it?

 16:29 <jawn-smith> oh right those are just waiting

 16:29 <ginggs> aren't those just waiting?

 16:29 <jawn-smith> Reading comprehension skills, yeah

 16:29 <jawn-smith> lsb-release-minimal has some regressions

 16:29 <jawn-smith> waveform: you synced this right?

 16:30 <waveform> yup

 16:30 <jawn-smith> Okay, but it sounds like your plate is already pretty full

 16:30 <jawn-smith> So any volunteers for lsb-release-minimal?

 16:30 <bdrung> i want to take update-manager (this one is related to PEP440)

 16:30 <waveform> oh, I can probably take it anyway

 16:30 <waveform> (I doubt there's much to it)

 16:30 <jawn-smith> Okay sounds great, thanks

 16:31 <jawn-smith> any volunteers for libselinux?

 16:32 <zhsj> i can take it

 16:32 <jawn-smith> Awesome, thanks

 16:32 <adrien> I'm on +1 next week, does that count?

 16:33 <jawn-smith> software-properties is FTBFS

 16:33 <jawn-smith> sounds like perhaps an enr0n task?

 16:33 <bdmurray> Its just python

 16:33 <enr0n> Yeah I will take that

 16:33 <jawn-smith> Thanks

 16:33 <adrien> I can take xz

 16:34 <jawn-smith> I'm working on the icu issues because I did the merge

 16:35 <jawn-smith> So let's talk about glibc

 16:35 <schopin> For glibc, I'll take most of it.

 16:35 <schopin> But I'd like some help for some.

 16:35 <schopin> e.g. libite

 16:35 <jawn-smith> slyon: libite?

 16:35 <slyon> ack

 16:36 <schopin> ipset

 16:36 <jawn-smith> liushuyu: ipset?

 16:36 <zhsj> schopin: i'll see go packages in glibc regression, like delve, mtail

 16:36 <schopin> notcurses

 16:36 <liushuyu> jawn-smith: Okay, I can take ipset

 16:36 <dbungert> schopin: I'm interested in notcurses

 16:37 <schopin> xypron: python-cryptography

 16:37 <xypron> ok

 16:37 <schopin> ogayot: xdp-tools ?

 16:37 <ogayot> ack

 16:38 <schopin> That's it for now, more will probably come when the queues empty up :)

 16:39 <schopin> zhsj: delve and mtail work locally so are probably either victims of the high load of the runners or the fact that the runners seem to use the 6.1 kernel?

 16:39 <jawn-smith> danilogondolfo: Do you want to start hcipping away at the libgd2 regressions?

 16:40 <jawn-smith> lots of "unknown" versions which should just need restarts

 16:40 <danilogondolfo> ack

 16:40 <zhsj> schopin: maybe. (i don't believe glibc can cause go packages regression)

 16:40 <jawn-smith> vpa1977: vim

 16:40 <schopin> zhsj: yeah that was my thought as well.

 16:42 <jawn-smith> juliank: pyicu

 16:42 <jawn-smith> schopin: xfsprogs

 16:42 <schopin> ack

 16:42 <jawn-smith> Sounds like everyone has one now

 16:43 <jawn-smith> at least one

 16:43 <jawn-smith> #topic AOB

 16:43 <zhsj> devscripts seems need a lot of mir

 16:43 <zhsj> oh, not "a lot"

 16:43 <slyon> zhsj: yes. I'm on that

 16:44 <slyon> trying to drop some of the deps first

 16:44 <slyon> and will bring it up to this meeting it it turns out to need real MIRs

 16:46 <zhsj> i want to remove consul. bug #2006724 thoughts?

 16:48 <jawn-smith> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)