== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team meeting, started by jawn-smith, 30 Mar at 15:01 &mdash; 15:40 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2023/ubuntu-meeting.2023-03-30-15.01.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== Release incoming bugs ===

Discussion started by jawn-smith at 15:09.

 * ''LINK:'' https://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ll-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs   (jawn-smith, 15:09)
 * ''LINK:'' https://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-jj-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs   (jawn-smith, 15:19)

=== proposed-migration ===

Discussion started by jawn-smith at 15:20.

 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs   (jawn-smith, 15:20)

=== AOB ===

Discussion started by jawn-smith at 15:24.




== People present (lines said) ==

 * jawn-smith (42)
 * vorlon (12)
 * dbungert (8)
 * enr0n (4)
 * schopin (3)
 * meetingology (2)
 * bdrung (2)
 * waveform (2)
 * liushuyu (1)
 * zhsj (1)



== Full log ==


 15:01 <jawn-smith> #startmeeting Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team

 15:01 <meetingology> Meeting started at 15:01:16 UTC.  The chair is jawn-smith.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 15:01 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 15:01 <schopin> o/

 15:01 <jawn-smith> The weekly status is here: https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/foundations-team-updates-thursday-30-march-2023/34842

 15:02 <jawn-smith> Let's all take our usual time to read and ask questions

 15:02 <bdrung> o/

 15:03 <jawn-smith> vorlon: you wrote us a novel

 15:03 <jawn-smith> waveform: thanks for all the help this week

 15:04 <waveform> no prob :)

 15:04 <liushuyu> o/

 15:05 <vorlon> jawn-smith: the character development is a bit meh

 15:05 <zhsj> but the markdown format is a little broken?

 15:06 <vorlon> is it?  I was drafting in a markdown-ignorant editor, so

 15:09 <jawn-smith> Okay sounds like all questions have been asked/answered, so let's move on

 15:09 <jawn-smith> #topic Release incoming bugs

 15:09 <jawn-smith> #link https://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ll-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 15:09 <jawn-smith> bug 2012738

 15:10 <schopin> sounds like it's fixed already.

 15:10 <jawn-smith> Yeah it does, I'll remove the tag

 15:11 <jawn-smith> bug 2012921

 15:11 <schopin> isn't that by design?

 15:12 <jawn-smith> Sounds like it is

 15:12 <jawn-smith> dbungert is going to type up a response, thanks

 15:12 <dbungert> the current behavior is by design, Desktop has asked that we give them a control flag, which I intend to provide

 15:12 <jawn-smith> bug 2013188

 15:17 <jawn-smith> bdmurray is going to respond to the bug and waveform is going to do some testing

 15:17 <jawn-smith> bug 2012698

 15:18 <jawn-smith> Sounds like vanvugt is looking into this, so moving on

 15:18 <jawn-smith> that's it for ll

 15:18 <jawn-smith> kk is empty

 15:19 <jawn-smith> #link https://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-jj-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 15:19 <jawn-smith> bug 1999345

 15:19 <jawn-smith> Still nothing since January

 15:19 <jawn-smith> appears to still be with the security team, so nothing for us to do

 15:19 <jawn-smith> And that's it for bugs

 15:20 <jawn-smith> #topic proposed-migration

 15:20 <jawn-smith> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs

 15:20 <jawn-smith> sbuild. waveform you have a proposed change to fix this right?

 15:20 <waveform> correct

 15:20 <jawn-smith> and bdrung are you reviewing this?

 15:21 <bdrung> yes

 15:21 <jawn-smith> thanks, let's move on

 15:22 <jawn-smith> skipping all of the stuff that is just blocked by the freeze

 15:23 <jawn-smith> curl has some regressions

 15:23 <jawn-smith> oh vorlon uploaded a new version of eye, so it should pass against that

 15:23 <jawn-smith> Everything else is just waiting on tests, so nothing really to do for proposed-migration this week

 15:24 <jawn-smith> Thanks for keeping the queues clean everyone

 15:24 <jawn-smith> everyone except bos01

 15:24 <jawn-smith> #topic AOB

 15:24 <dbungert> bug 2013201 was tagged incoming, presumably this is a report issue between the subiquity package and project.

 15:24 <jawn-smith> dbungert: you had a bug you wanted to discuss?

 15:25 <dbungert> subiquity has opinions about partition offset and size alignment, but it needs to be more flexible about existing partitions

 15:27 <jawn-smith> Sounds like we're going to fix this

 15:28 <jawn-smith> targetting lunar

 15:29 <jawn-smith> Any other topics?

 15:29 <jawn-smith> Reminder tomorrow is my last day, but I'll still see all of you in IRC as I have time

 15:29 <dbungert> bug 2004092 is still weird

 15:30 <dbungert> we have a fix in the archive, but not in git.  If no better fix is incoming, I'd like to have git match the archive.

 15:30 <vorlon> yeah, eye vs curl, test progression not regression

 15:31 <enr0n> dbungert: is the fix in the archive something along the lines of "don't try to use a static GID"?

 15:32 <vorlon> casper needs fixing to cope with this, for sure

 15:32 <vorlon> there's still the systemd bug that it doesn't respect Debian policy wrt adduser config of ID ranges

 15:33 <dbungert> enr0n: the fix in the archive is one we have declined to merge in git, I believe it just nudges the starting numbers to allocate IDs

 15:34 <enr0n> Right, as I have said before with this bug, the systemd side needs to be further investigated/discussed upstream. But that is independent of the problem that casper should never try to use a static GID.

 15:35 <enr0n> So I just want to make sure "better fix" does not imply something changing in systemd, because that won't happen anytime soon.

 15:36 <vorlon> right, those two things should be decoupled

 15:36 <enr0n> Okay, sounds like we are on the same page

 15:37 <vorlon> also if there was an upload that wasn't merged in git then someone's hand needs slapped because lp:casper is listed as the VCS for the package in debian/control

 15:37 <vorlon> but none of that is critical for lunar

 15:37 <dbungert> vorlon: the MP you declined is in fact in the archive, this is the basic thing I'm trying to resolve

 15:37 <vorlon> dbungert: yeah so de facto it should be committed to lp:casper

 15:37 <vorlon> because the VCS is supposed to match the archive

 15:38 <vorlon> "Steve disapproves of this MP but I'm landing it anyway" is acceptable

 15:38 <dbungert> ok, I will fix lp:casper to match the archive, thanks!

 15:38 <vorlon> "Steve disapproves of this MP so I'm ignoring the VCS" is not ;)

 15:40 <jawn-smith> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)