== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team meeting, started by jawn-smith, 19 Jan at 16:01 &mdash; 16:44 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2023/ubuntu-meeting.2023-01-19-16.01.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== Release incoming bugs ===

Discussion started by jawn-smith at 16:08.

 * ''LINK:'' https://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ll-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs   (jawn-smith, 16:08)
 * ''LINK:'' https://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-kk-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs   (jawn-smith, 16:17)
 * ''LINK:'' https://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-jj-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs   (jawn-smith, 16:19)

=== proposed-migration ===

Discussion started by jawn-smith at 16:21.

 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs   (jawn-smith, 16:21)

=== AOB ===

Discussion started by jawn-smith at 16:38.




== People present (lines said) ==

 * jawn-smith (65)
 * ogayot (3)
 * bdmurray (3)
 * zhsj (3)
 * slyon (3)
 * meetingology (2)
 * dbungert (2)
 * xypron (1)
 * adrien (1)
 * waveform (1)
 * mclemenceau (1)
 * danilogondolfo (1)
 * liushuyu (1)



== Full log ==


 16:01 <jawn-smith> #startmeeting Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team

 16:01 <meetingology> Meeting started at 16:01:09 UTC.  The chair is jawn-smith.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 16:01 <ogayot> o/

 16:01 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 16:01 <jawn-smith> The weekly status is here: https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/foundations-team-updates-thursday-19-january-2023/33300

 16:02 <jawn-smith> Let's all read and ask questions

 16:02 <xypron> o/

 16:03 <dbungert> ogayot: I grabbed the sponsorship item in your status

 16:03 <ogayot> dbungert: thanks!

 16:08 <jawn-smith> #topic Release incoming bugs

 16:08 <jawn-smith> #link https://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ll-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 16:08 <jawn-smith> bug 2003331

 16:10 <bdmurray> I think the first stop for that should be desktop

 16:10 <jawn-smith> That sounds bad, but we think it's a desktop team issue

 16:10 <jawn-smith> bdmurray: can you bring this up at the desktop sync?

 16:10 <jawn-smith> Or should we alert them more immediately due to the importance

 16:10 <jawn-smith> ?

 16:11 <bdmurray> I think the meeting will be a fine backstop

 16:11 <jawn-smith> Sounds good, thanks

 16:11 <jawn-smith> bug 2002871

 16:12 <zhsj> for 2003331, i think the reporter is from desktop team

 16:13 <jawn-smith> zhsj: I think they're a community member

 16:14 <zhsj> hmm, ok.

 16:15 <slyon> let's also talk about bug #2003083

 16:15 <slyon> ^ this is a new dependency of licensecheck (owned by foundations), which we need to MIR

 16:16 <jawn-smith> adrien: Are you okay to work on this?

 16:17 <jawn-smith> He said yes

 16:17 <jawn-smith> That's it for ll

 16:17 <jawn-smith> #link https://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-kk-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 16:17 <adrien> :)

 16:17 <jawn-smith> bug 1842439

 16:18 <jawn-smith> That's on the agenda for the next desktop meeting

 16:18 <jawn-smith> so skip for now

 16:18 <jawn-smith> bug 2003014

 16:18 <jawn-smith> Seems like a possible enr0n task

 16:19 <jawn-smith> So let's leave it tagged until he's back

 16:19 <jawn-smith> #link https://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-jj-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 16:20 <jawn-smith> bug 1999345

 16:20 <jawn-smith> This is still with security, but it sounds doubtful that we'll move forward with this

 16:20 <jawn-smith> That's it for bugs

 16:21 <jawn-smith> hooray

 16:21 <jawn-smith> #topic proposed-migration

 16:21 <jawn-smith> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs

 16:21 <jawn-smith> debootstrap was with waveform

 16:21 <jawn-smith> need any assistance there?

 16:21 <waveform> probably just a re-run of debuerrotype

 16:22 <jawn-smith> ginggs has mentioned that debuerrotype was removed from Debian so we should look into doing the same in Ubuntu

 16:22 <jawn-smith> waveform to investigate if it's safe to remove

 16:22 <jawn-smith> libcap2

 16:22 <mclemenceau> i think it was danilogondolfo

 16:24 <jawn-smith> command-not-found

 16:24 <danilogondolfo> yes, I'm still trying to fix some autopkgtests that are failing

 16:25 <jawn-smith> I can look into command-not-found since it's been retried a bunch of times

 16:25 <jawn-smith> gobject-introspection

 16:26 <jawn-smith> That's with e_nr0n but ginggs thinks it will resolve itself with the latest round of test retries

 16:27 <jawn-smith> We're going to retry the python3-defaults related regressions with all-proposed on s390x

 16:28 <jawn-smith> which includes command-not-found, so I'll volunteer for another

 16:28 <jawn-smith> Fixes for python3-defaults are trickling in from Debian so let's ignore that for this week

 16:29 <jawn-smith> lxml has a whole bunch

 16:29 <ogayot> I can take the python regressions for lxml

 16:30 <jawn-smith> thanks, any volunteers for the other ones? letter d-o

 16:30 <slyon> I can take the non-python ones

 16:30 <jawn-smith> Awesome, thanks

 16:30 <jawn-smith> ruby-net-telnet

 16:31 <jawn-smith> schopin: ruby-net-telnet

 16:31 <zhsj> i'll be on vac next week, so can't take a one this time

 16:31 <jawn-smith> zhsj: thanks for the heads up

 16:31 <jawn-smith> initramfs-tools

 16:31 <jawn-smith> dbungert: initramfs-tools

 16:31 <dbungert> ack

 16:31 <jawn-smith> libzstd

 16:32 <jawn-smith> I'll take that

 16:32 <jawn-smith> python-testtools is with vpa

 16:32 <jawn-smith> setuptools has a whole bunch

 16:33 <jawn-smith> adrien: astropy, hovercraft, icdiff vs setuptools?

 16:33 <jawn-smith> xypron: ipython, nibabel, and nyx vs setuptools?

 16:34 <jawn-smith> juliank: onionshare, python-biopython, python-distutils-extra vs setuptools

 16:35 <jawn-smith> python-testtools we can skip as it's with vpa

 16:38 <jawn-smith> Zixing will take tryton-modules-account-payment-clearing vs setuptools

 16:38 <jawn-smith> liushuyu: ^

 16:38 <liushuyu> jawn-smith: Understood

 16:38 <jawn-smith> Now everyone has one

 16:38 <jawn-smith> #topic AOB

 16:39 <bdmurray> I'll be out tomorrow

 16:39 <jawn-smith> I'll be out for a full week in February

 16:39 <jawn-smith> just not sure which one yet

 16:44 <jawn-smith> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)