== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status meeting, started by cpaelzer, 14 Mar at 15:31 &mdash; 15:55 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2023/ubuntu-meeting.2023-03-14-15.31.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== current component mismatches ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 15:31.

 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg   (cpaelzer, 15:31)
 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg   (cpaelzer, 15:31)

=== New MIRs ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 15:34.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=NEW&field.status%3Alist=CONFIRMED&assignee_option=none&field.assignee=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (cpaelzer, 15:34)
 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/libtraceevent/+bug/2009715   (cpaelzer, 15:39)
 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/libtracefs/+bug/2008799   (cpaelzer, 15:39)

=== Incomplete bugs / questions ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 15:40.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (cpaelzer, 15:40)

=== MIR related Security Review Queue ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 15:42.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-security/+bugs?field.searchtext=%5BMIR%5D&assignee_option=choose&field.assignee=ubuntu-security&field.bug_reporter=&field.bug_commenter=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (cpaelzer, 15:42)
 * ''LINK:'' https://warthogs.atlassian.net/jira/software/c/projects/SEC/boards/594   (cpaelzer, 15:42)

=== Any other business? ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 15:46.




== People present (lines said) ==

 * cpaelzer (89)
 * slyon (17)
 * sarnold (16)
 * didrocks (10)
 * kanashiro[m] (7)
 * joalif (4)
 * meetingology (3)
 * eslerm (3)
 * dviererbe (1)



== Full log ==


 15:31 <cpaelzer> #startmeeting Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status

 15:31 <meetingology> Meeting started at 15:31:06 UTC.  The chair is cpaelzer.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 15:31 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 15:31 <cpaelzer> Ping for MIR meeting - didrocks joalif slyon sarnold cpaelzer jamespage eslerm

 15:31 <cpaelzer> we are long term in FF, so hopefully this section is easy ...

 15:31 <cpaelzer> #topic current component mismatches

 15:31 <cpaelzer> Mission: Identify required actions and spread the load among the teams

 15:31 <eslerm> hi all o/

 15:31 <cpaelzer> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg

 15:31 <cpaelzer> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg

 15:32 <cpaelzer> all that was open last week now seems to have MIR bugs

 15:32 <slyon> licensecheck -> libstring-license-perl looks ready for promotion

 15:32 <cpaelzer> which we will see in the next stage

 15:32 <cpaelzer> like tracefs and traceevent

 15:32 <didrocks> slyon: did you see that it’s waiting on some feedback though?

 15:32 <didrocks> (about what is latest release)

 15:32 <slyon> didrocks: feedback was given

 15:32 <slyon> (a few minutes ago)

 15:32 <didrocks> oh, didn’t get the memo yet :p

 15:33 <slyon> thanks for your review!

 15:33 <cpaelzer> reading it, yes this should be ready

 15:33 <joalif> o/

 15:33 <didrocks> yw, sounds straighforward enough!

 15:33 <slyon> I'll leave the status change to didrocks, if he's happy with the feedback given

 15:33 <cpaelzer> I've done it

 15:33 <slyon> ack, thx

 15:33 <sarnold> good morning

 15:33 <didrocks> (update done)

 15:34 <cpaelzer> hehe two updates are better than none

 15:34 <cpaelzer> let us agree who of us didrocks or I should promote it later ?

 15:34 <didrocks> @cpaelzer: I will let you the honor, you were faster than me commenting :)

 15:34 <cpaelzer> hehe

 15:34 <cpaelzer> ok with me

 15:34 <cpaelzer> #topic New MIRs

 15:34 <cpaelzer> Mission: ensure to assign all incoming reviews for fast processing

 15:34 <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=NEW&field.status%3Alist=CONFIRMED&assignee_option=none&field.assignee=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 15:35 <slyon> foundations got one into the pipeline (by dviererbe)

 15:35 <cpaelzer> kanashiro: aren't 2008799 and 2009715 reeady as well to be reviewed ?

 15:36 <cpaelzer> ok, right now we are looking for a reviewer on https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/inetutils/+bug/2008789

 15:36 <slyon> autopkgtests are still failing in Ubuntu (no Debian) but we're actively working on fixing that. and we feel like MIR/sec review should already be started in parallel, as wee need some decision by final freeze

 15:36 <slyon> this is kind of a special case due to a removal from debian and the see change already happened in Ubuntu

 15:36 <cpaelzer> Which can't be me (PTO juhuu) nor slyon (reported it)

 15:36 <cpaelzer> so of the remaining people joalif or didrocks - would either of you ok to do a review

 15:37 <joalif> i can do it

 15:37 <cpaelzer> to be clear, this isn't all of inetutils, just athe subset that give telnet I think

 15:37 <cpaelzer> thanks joalif

 15:37 <slyon> also we're looking to promote only the inetutils-telnet binary package and keep the rest of src:inetutils in universe, as suggested by sarnold

 15:37 <dviererbe> Thank you joalif

 15:37 <slyon> thanks!

 15:37 <joalif> :)

 15:38 <cpaelzer> I might have two more in a bit once kanashiro confirms they are actually ready for review already

 15:38 <kanashiro[m]> cpaelzer: they are ready

 15:38 <cpaelzer> thanks kanashiro[m]

 15:38 <cpaelzer> I thought so

 15:38 <cpaelzer> fixing the status

 15:39 <slyon> I can take one

 15:39 <cpaelzer> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/libtraceevent/+bug/2009715

 15:39 <cpaelzer> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/libtracefs/+bug/2008799

 15:39 <cpaelzer> Those two are up for grabs

 15:39 <cpaelzer> slyon: + didrocks: one each?

 15:39 <didrocks> soudns like a plan

 15:39 <didrocks> sounds*

 15:39 <slyon> yes

 15:39 <slyon> didrocks: pick yours

 15:39 <cpaelzer> assigned

 15:39 <slyon> I'll take the leftover :)

 15:39 <cpaelzer> I pick - hehehe

 15:40 <didrocks> :p

 15:40 <slyon> fine as well :)

 15:40 <cpaelzer> ok, next section

 15:40 <cpaelzer> and there will be work for me later (I know what is coming)

 15:40 <cpaelzer> so it will be a fair share

 15:40 <cpaelzer> #topic Incomplete bugs / questions

 15:40 <cpaelzer> Mission: Identify required actions and spread the load among the teams

 15:40 <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 15:41 <cpaelzer> two updated 7 days ago

 15:41 <cpaelzer> everything else is older

 15:41 <cpaelzer> one will be fixed in Debian sooner or later - fine

 15:41 <cpaelzer> and one we assigned to oepnstack

 15:41 <cpaelzer> no action for us here

 15:42 <cpaelzer> #topic MIR related Security Review Queue

 15:42 <cpaelzer> Mission: Check on progress, do deadlines seem doable?

 15:42 <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-security/+bugs?field.searchtext=%5BMIR%5D&assignee_option=choose&field.assignee=ubuntu-security&field.bug_reporter=&field.bug_commenter=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 15:42 <cpaelzer> Internal link

 15:42 <cpaelzer> - ensure your teams items are prioritized among each other as you'd expect

 15:42 <cpaelzer> - ensure community requests do not get stomped by teams calling for favors too much

 15:42 <cpaelzer> #link https://warthogs.atlassian.net/jira/software/c/projects/SEC/boards/594

 15:42 <cpaelzer> from our teams POV @sarnold how does kea go on?

 15:42 <sarnold> cpaelzer: kea is not yet started

 15:43 <cpaelzer> sarnold: can I do anything to get it started?

 15:43 <cpaelzer> this is a 23.04 item after all

 15:43 <cpaelzer> so my anxiety scales by the lack of days for the rest of this release :-)

 15:43 <sarnold> cpaelzer: alas no, 360s and interviews are things I must do myself :)

 15:43 <cpaelzer> I can do your 360 rating me :-P

 15:43 <cpaelzer> but ok, I understand

 15:43 <sarnold> :D

 15:44 <cpaelzer> if nothing but 360 and interviews blocks you I hope this will be started soon

 15:44 <cpaelzer> is that hope in vain?

 15:44 <sarnold> it should indeed start this week, probably tomorrow, but we shall see what the calendar brings

 15:45 <cpaelzer> I'm asking you to escalate it in case something (in your calendar) tries to block you - ok?

 15:45 <sarnold> cpaelzer: yes, sounds good

 15:45 <cpaelzer> anything else in here that is of concern to one of you?

 15:46 <cpaelzer> athos: ^^ FYI on isc-kea review hopefully starting super-soon

 15:46 <cpaelzer> I guess it is time for AOB

 15:46 <cpaelzer> #topic Any other business?

 15:46 <didrocks> nothing for me

 15:46 <sarnold> none here

 15:46 <joalif> nothing

 15:46 <eslerm> same

 15:46 <slyon> nothing

 15:46 <cpaelzer> The MIR process around https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/pcs/+bug/1953341 is completed AFAICS

 15:46 <cpaelzer> that means 16 cases to recheck if really all is in place

 15:46 <sarnold> \o/

 15:46 <eslerm> :D

 15:47 <cpaelzer> and then promotions accordingly - once the seed changes landed

 15:47 <cpaelzer> kanashiro[m]: will do the seed change, then I'll do the promotion

 15:47 <cpaelzer> that is my task which I knew will be coming

 15:47 <sarnold> impressive, wow. it's nice to take a step back and look at the landscape of things once in a while :)

 15:47 <cpaelzer> kanashiro[m]: is that seed change already up as MR or landed but not yet processed by germinate or ... ?

 15:48 <kanashiro[m]> Hopefully the component-mismatch will be in place until tomorrow :)

 15:48 <cpaelzer> ok, I'll keep the bug open and if I see it in component mismatch chack and act on them

 15:48 <cpaelzer> give me a ping once it landed

 15:49 <cpaelzer> and other other business?

 15:49 <kanashiro[m]> I am pulling pcs to main via a pacemaker dependency

 15:49 <cpaelzer> kanashiro[m]: ok, so it will be seen in proposed via that update

 15:50 <sarnold> are *all* packages brought into main via an 'installed by default' somewhere?

 15:50 <kanashiro[m]> waiting for the FFe approval

 15:50 <cpaelzer> just checked, crmsh also isn't directly in the seeds

 15:50 <cpaelzer> kanashiro[m]: since we wanted to keep crmsh "for now" and only drop it from main in 23.10

 15:50 <cpaelzer> kanashiro[m]: you most likely need a seed change

 15:51 <cpaelzer> kanashiro[m]: otherwise crmsh will auto-demote in 23.04 which is too early

 15:51 <kanashiro[m]> cpaelzer: ok, then I need to change my pacemaker uploading, I am demoting crmsh to Suggests

 15:51 <cpaelzer> kanashiro[m]: for pacemaker it is ok to go to a suggest

 15:52 <cpaelzer> kanashiro[m]: but something needs to hold it in main, that should be the seed

 15:52 <kanashiro[m]> ok, I will add crmsh to seeds

 15:52 <cpaelzer> kanashiro[m]: and when you add it, maybe add a comment that this is just to hold it in 23.04 for now and will be dropped in early 23.10

 15:52 <cpaelzer> kanashiro[m]: just add it to the supported entries, no need to suddenly auto-install it anywhere :-)

 15:53 <kanashiro[m]> ack

 15:53 <cpaelzer> @sarnold you asked about installed

 15:53 <cpaelzer> @sarnold some things are depended on by ubuntu-minimal, ubuntu-sevrer, ... those will be auto-installed

 15:53 <cpaelzer> @sarnold but others are just listed in the various supported-* entries

 15:53 <cpaelzer> @sarnold those are in main, but not default installed

 15:54 <cpaelzer> @sarnold germinate picks it up, but none of the image-building or meta package processing will

 15:54 <meetingology> cpaelzer: You've given me 5 invalid commands within the last 60 seconds; I'm now ignoring you for 10 minutes.

 15:54 <sarnold> cpaelzer: it does, thanks :)

 15:54 <sarnold> lol

 15:55 <sarnold> cpaelzer: yes

 15:55 <sarnold> *I* won't ignore you!

 15:55 <sarnold> thanks cpaelzer, all :)

 15:55 <sarnold> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)