== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Developer Membership Board meeting, started by seb128, 27 Nov at 19:04 &mdash; 19:44 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2023/ubuntu-meeting.2023-11-27-19.04.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== Ubuntu Core Developer application for lvoytek ===

Discussion started by seb128 at 19:05.

 * ''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/LenaVoytek/UbuntuCoreDeveloperApplication   (seb128, 19:06)
 * ''VOTE:'' Grant CoreDev to LenaVoytek (Carried)  (seb128, 19:35)

=== Outstanding mailing list requests to assign ===

Discussion started by seb128 at 19:36.


=== Open TB bugs ===

Discussion started by seb128 at 19:40.


=== AOB ===

Discussion started by seb128 at 19:41.

 * ''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ArrayBolt3/MotuApplication   (arraybolt3, 19:42)



== Vote results ==

 * [[https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2023/ubuntu-meeting.2023-11-27-19.04.log.html#39|Grant CoreDev to LenaVoytek]]
  * Motion carried (For: 3, Against: 0, Abstained: 0)
   * Voters: bdmurray, seb128, kanashiro



== People present (lines said) ==

 * seb128 (51)
 * lvoytek (13)
 * meetingology (10)
 * kanashiro (10)
 * bdmurray (7)
 * arraybolt3 (6)
 * tsimonq2 (2)



== Full log ==


 19:04 <seb128> #startmeeting Developer Membership Board

 19:04 <meetingology> Meeting started at 19:04:39 UTC.  The chair is seb128.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 19:04 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 19:04 <seb128> ok, let me take that one and get started

 19:05 <bdmurray> thanks seb128

 19:05 <seb128> let's start with the application review since we have one today

 19:05 <seb128> #topic Ubuntu Core Developer application for lvoytek

 19:06 <seb128> lvoytek, hey, welcome, do you want to maybe start by introducing yourself?

 19:06 <seb128> #link https://wiki.ubuntu.com/LenaVoytek/UbuntuCoreDeveloperApplication

 19:06 <lvoytek> Hi all! I'm Lena Voytek. I am from Arizona, USA, and I work for Canonical as a part of server distro. I have been on the team for just over two years, and gained server package upload permissions in January.

 19:07 <seb128> great, thanks lvoytek!

 19:07 <seb128> let's start with questions for lvoytek

 19:08 <seb128> has anyone questions they would like to ask?

 19:09 <kanashiro> since Lena is a colleague of mine and I already endorsed her application, I'll let the questioning for the others :)

 19:10 <seb128> the wikipage is quite detailled, good work, I think that cover most of the aspect of work needed by a coredev

 19:10 <lvoytek> thanks :)

 19:10 <seb128> let me still ask one

 19:11 <seb128> lvoytek, could you tell us what are the different freezes in the Ubuntu release cycles and where you could find their dates?

 19:11 <lvoytek> Sure thing, you can find them here for noble specifically: https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/noble-numbat-release-schedule/35649, I'll list them out

 19:12 <lvoytek> Feature freeze is when new content (non bug fix) items need to be in, unless you go through the FFe process

 19:13 <lvoytek> Debian import freeze (same day) is when packages from debian stop syncing automatically

 19:14 <lvoytek> Others are self explanatory but I can go further if needed. The other important one for me is beta freeze, where we pause changes to focus on beta testing week

 19:14 <lvoytek> Ah then of course final freeze where the release pocket freezes and things go to updates after

 19:15 <seb128> is there any acception to the final freeze rule you just described?

 19:16 <seb128> and no need to details the other freezes

 19:16 <lvoytek> Only critical/security related bugs can go out after final freeze

 19:16 <lvoytek> or other exceptional circumstances

 19:17 <seb128> thanks

 19:17 <bdmurray> rbasak mentions your plan to defer updating MySQL for noble. Could you provide some more details about what lead you to such a decision?

 19:17 <lvoytek> Ah yeah I sent out an email about that today

 19:18 <lvoytek> Basically MySQL 8.4 is the next LTS but it comes out in April, so there's no possible way to get it into Noble on time, so we have to stick with 8.0, which at least is in support for 2 more years

 19:19 <lvoytek> 8.2/8.3 are interrim releases and not advisable for an LTS

 19:21 <bdmurray> Okay, that sounds very reasonable to me.

 19:22 <seb128> any other question for lvoytek?

 19:23 <bdmurray> None from me

 19:23 <seb128> not from me

 19:23 <seb128> teward, any from you?

 19:24 <seb128> seems not, let's go to vote then!

 19:25 <seb128> #vote Grant CoreDev to LenaVoytek

 19:25 <meetingology> Please vote on: Grant CoreDev to LenaVoytek

 19:25 <meetingology> Public votes can be registered by saying +1, -1 or +0 in channel (for private voting, private message me with 'vote +1|-1|+0 #channelname')

 19:26 <bdmurray> +1 I really appreciated the amount of details in your application, it made reviewing it quite easy.

 19:26 <meetingology> +1 I really appreciated the amount of details in your application, it made reviewing it quite easy. received from bdmurray

 19:26 <seb128> +1 from me, I think the work described on the wiki is quite high standard and there are a number of solid endorsements

 19:26 <meetingology> +1 from me, I think the work described on the wiki is quite high standard and there are a number of solid endorsements received from seb128

 19:28 <seb128> teward, kanashiro ?

 19:29 <kanashiro> I was waiting for teward to be the last one

 19:29 <kanashiro> +1 , not much to add :)

 19:29 <meetingology> +1 , not much to add :) received from kanashiro

 19:30 <seb128> ok, now it's annoying, we need teward to vote to have the quorum right?

 19:31 <kanashiro> I think so

 19:32 <seb128> he was around at the start of the meeting, unsure if we should wait a bit longer on him to return or not :/

 19:33 <arraybolt3> Knowing him he probably got sucked into a meeting that will end a few seconds after the DMB meeting (though I just tried to ping him over Telegram elsewhere to get his attention)

 19:33 <seb128> arraybolt3, thanks

 19:33 <seb128> let's wait one more minute...

 19:35 <seb128> ok, seems he's not around, maybe we can try to do another vote before the end of the meeting if he shows up, otherwise we will have to continue via emails to reach a decision

 19:35 <seb128> #endvote

 19:35 <meetingology> Voting ended on: Grant CoreDev to LenaVoytek

 19:35 <meetingology> Votes for: 3, Votes against: 0, Abstentions: 0

 19:35 <meetingology> Motion carried

 19:36 <seb128> lvoytek, thanks, and sorry we don't have a decision yet for you

 19:36 <lvoytek> It's alright, thanks all!

 19:36 <seb128> let's cover the other topics

 19:36 <seb128> #topic Outstanding mailing list requests to assign

 19:37 <seb128> there is https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/devel-permissions/2023-November/002373.html which already got discussed by the TB previous week

 19:38 <seb128> tsimonq2 was requesting we review arraybolt3's for motu, but the TB conclusion was that Aaron needs to write an application

 19:39 <arraybolt3> (which I'm in the process of doing and intending to submit for the December 11th DMB meeting)

 19:39 <seb128> I would expect that to be also the DMB position unless someone disagrees or has something they want to add?

 19:39 <kanashiro> we had an informal discussion about this last meeting

 19:39 <kanashiro> and we agreed on that too

 19:39 <seb128> ok, so let's move on, that was the only mailing list email which wasn't handled

 19:40 <seb128> arraybolt3, ack, thanks

 19:40 <tsimonq2> seb128: Was that TB or DMB? I don't think I was at the last TB meeting?

 19:40 <seb128> ok, time is flying and I got confused then :p

 19:40 <seb128> sorry

 19:40 <tsimonq2> No worries. I've been sponsoring uploads for arraybolt3 like mad, and he's really getting stronger. I hope you all can review his application soon :)

 19:40 <seb128> I remembered having a recent meeting discussion about it and didn't got back to check logs

 19:40 <seb128> #topic Open TB bugs

 19:40 <seb128> no open bug

 19:41 <seb128> #topic AOB

 19:41 <seb128> any other topics?

 19:41 <bdmurray> The Agenda page lists a meeting on the 25th which I'll remove.

 19:41 <bdmurray> I'll be here for the the 11th will anyone else?

 19:42 <kanashiro> I will

 19:42 <seb128> I will

 19:42 <kanashiro> should we try to fix this chairing issue? Start a rotation to be fair with everyone

 19:42 <arraybolt3> If someone wants to review my preliminary application draft and tell me if there's anything I'm missing that would be handy.

 19:42 <seb128> kanashiro, well, we don't have a quorum, but I will email the list about it

 19:42 <arraybolt3> (obviously it's not finished yet, more packages will be added to the list of 'work I'm proud of' among other things)

 19:42 <seb128> arraybolt3, sure, can you share the url?

 19:42 <arraybolt3> https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ArrayBolt3/MotuApplication

 19:42 <seb128> ack, thanks

 19:42 <arraybolt3> thanks!

 19:43 <seb128> anything else?

 19:43 <kanashiro> thanks for starting the discussion via email seb128 :)

 19:43 <seb128> np!

 19:44 <kanashiro> I think that is it

 19:44 <seb128> right, and teward didn't come back so we will continue the vote via the mailing list, I will send a follow up email

 19:44 <seb128> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)