== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team meeting, started by juliank, 21 Sep at 15:00 &mdash; 15:37 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2023/ubuntu-meeting.2023-09-21-15.00.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning rounds[O[I ===

Discussion started by juliank at 15:00.


=== Lightning rounds ===

Discussion started by juliank at 15:01.

 * ''LINK:'' https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/foundations-team-updates-thursday-21-sep-2023/   (juliank, 15:01)

=== Release incoming bugs ===

Discussion started by juliank at 15:10.

 * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-mm-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs   (juliank, 15:10)
 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/gnome-shell/+bug/2036440/comments/3   (bdmurray, 15:23)
 * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ll-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs   (juliank, 15:26)
 * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-jj-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs   (juliank, 15:26)
 * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ff-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs   (juliank, 15:28)

=== Team proposed-migration report ===

Discussion started by juliank at 15:28.

 * ''LINK:'' https://ubuntu-archive-team.ubuntu.com/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs   (juliank, 15:28)

=== AOB ===

Discussion started by juliank at 15:33.




== People present (lines said) ==

 * juliank (58)
 * vorlon (29)
 * bdmurray (10)
 * bdrung (4)
 * dbungert (4)
 * ginggs (3)
 * adrien (3)
 * meetingology (2)
 * liushuyu (2)
 * ogayot (1)
 * zhsj (1)
 * pushkarnk (1)
 * mateus-morais (1)
 * mclemenceau (1)
 * dviererbe (1)
 * danilogondolfo (1)



== Full log ==


 15:00 <juliank> #startmeeting Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team

 15:00 <meetingology> Meeting started at 15:00:52 UTC.  The chair is juliank.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 15:00 <juliank> #topic Lightning rounds[O[I

 15:00 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 15:01 <ogayot> o/

 15:01 <zhsj> o/

 15:01 <juliank> #topic Lightning rounds

 15:01 <pushkarnk> o/

 15:01 <liushuyu> o/

 15:01 <mateus-morais> o/

 15:01 <juliank> #link https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/foundations-team-updates-thursday-21-sep-2023/

 15:01 <juliank> Let's take until :10 to read and discuss

 15:02 <juliank> that's about 8 minutes now

 15:02 <mclemenceau> o/

 15:03 <ginggs> o/

 15:04 <bdmurray> I wish discourse would auto-linkfy bugs

 15:05 <dviererbe> o/

 15:10 <juliank> #topic Release incoming bugs

 15:10 <juliank> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-mm-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 15:10 <bdmurray> "Writing a lot of text and talking to a couple of people"

 15:10 <juliank> bug 2036765

 15:10 <vorlon> '-fexcess-precision=' how about if we all just agree to have just enough precision instead of excess precision

 15:11 <vorlon> juliank: should be targeted, for sure

 15:12 <juliank> tagged and targeted

 15:12 <juliank> bug 2036441

 15:12 <juliank> bdrung:

 15:13 <bdrung> Yes, we should analyze this bug

 15:13 <bdmurray> The reporter is questionable

 15:14 <vorlon> yeah they're always spamming launchpad with bugs, goes back years

 15:14 <bdmurray> lol

 15:14 <juliank> bug 2033440

 15:14 <juliank> (I tagged previous one and targeted it)

 15:15 <juliank> We need better way to handle seed bugs so they don't all appear on our list?

 15:16 <vorlon> I don't immediately see good solutions and would rather we not try to overengineer

 15:16 <vorlon> we can just say "not for us" and move on

 15:16 <vorlon> (I think last week I also said "if I were the desktop team I would wontfix it")

 15:17 <juliank> Can't say not for us and keep it on the desktop teams incoming list, so just leave as is?

 15:17 <juliank> because we share the list

 15:17 <vorlon> yes, just leave as-is

 15:17 <juliank> I marked lunar as won't fix fwiw

 15:17 <juliank> bug 2036278

 15:18 <juliank> Oh we absolutely need this tagged

 15:18 <vorlon> well, we fixed the actual bug causing this to happen

 15:19 <vorlon> this is more belt-and-braces to be able to stop buggy image builds sooner in the future

 15:19 <vorlon> so I wouldn't say we *have* to target it for mantic

 15:19 * juliank thinks that should have been done with the fix, but ok

 15:19 <vorlon> the fix was in ubiquity, not in livecd-rootfs

 15:19 <juliank> I'm not targeting it to mantic but tagged it todo

 15:20 <vorlon> ok

 15:20 <juliank> bug 2036440

 15:20 <danilogondolfo> this guy again

 15:21 <vorlon> the gnome-shell part is not us and maybe is a duplicate

 15:21 <vorlon> bdmurray: did you want the apport part targeted?

 15:22 <juliank> I got lost a bit sorry

 15:22 <juliank> The apport part is actually a gnome-shell part, though

 15:22 <juliank> AFAIUI

 15:22 <bdmurray> Let me check the retarcer and see if there are more "Invalid core dump" issues

 15:22 <juliank> The gnome-shell hook should collect more data

 15:22 <bdrung> and apport should already collect that information

 15:23 <bdmurray> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/gnome-shell/+bug/2036440/comments/3

 15:23 <vorlon> bdmurray: if you're checking, I guess we should move on for now?

 15:23 <bdrung> It could be just another case of bug #2015857

 15:23 <vorlon> or do you want it targeted

 15:23 <juliank> let's move on discussion and we can discuss later so we don't go derail

 15:24 <juliank> bug 2036761

 15:24 <vorlon> (if there's work for us to do and that we're prioritizing, IMHO better to just target it to document that)

 15:24 <vorlon> I guess ppa-purge doesn't need fixed for mantic given the rollback of the transition

 15:24 <juliank> there should be a qa-todo :D

 15:24 <juliank> vorlon: we rolled back sources.list->ubuntu.sources not ppa .sources

 15:25 <vorlon> ah

 15:25 <bdmurray> There are half a dozen "not a core dump" failures with Launchpad crash reports

 15:25 <juliank> Yeah communication is not clear from everyone

 15:25 <vorlon> juliank: in that case I guess we should take it

 15:25 <bdmurray> I can't check the Error Tracker retracers b/c reasons

 15:25 <juliank> vorlon: Yes

 15:25 <bdrung> bdmurray, are those all crashing gnome-shells or are there other affected packages as well?

 15:26 <bdmurray> geez

 15:26 <bdmurray> so many questions

 15:26 <juliank> move that discussion to -devel perhaps?

 15:26 <juliank> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ll-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 15:26 <juliank> empty!

 15:26 <juliank> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-jj-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 15:26 <juliank> bug 1990798

 15:27 <juliank> It will expire in 37 days, I guess ignore it

 15:28 <juliank> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ff-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 15:28 <juliank> empty!

 15:28 <juliank> #topic Team proposed-migration report

 15:28 <juliank> #link https://ubuntu-archive-team.ubuntu.com/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs

 15:28 <dbungert> one more - bug 2036424

 15:28 <juliank> oh sorry

 15:29 <dbungert> we have a sort of plan for s390x using edge channel core22 for builds, but I don't know if the underlying issue is really resolved

 15:29 <dbungert> this appears to have started around glibc sru time but may well be that we're not doing patchelf correctly or similar

 15:29 <juliank> Well it needs fixing either way, so just tag and target it

 15:29 <dbungert> ok

 15:30 <juliank> I think this will create many annoying jira issues

 15:30 <juliank> vorlon:

 15:30 <juliank> (back to proposed-migration ;))

 15:31 <vorlon> yeah, s390-tools still stuck on this MIR for rust bits

 15:31 <vorlon> zsh - liushuyu do you have a patch for i386 to disable building zsh-static?

 15:31 <vorlon> if you don't yet, I can cook one today and share it with you for review

 15:31 <juliank> (why do we even have zsh i386? :D)

 15:31 <liushuyu> vorlon: Haven't got time to write that patch

 15:31 <vorlon> juliank: you don't want to know

 15:32 <vorlon> juliank: (vlc build-depends on it :P)

 15:32 <ginggs> i'm looking at libfile-fcntllock-perl

 15:32 <vorlon> libfile-fcntllock-perl: ginggs

 15:32 <ginggs> it's the same test that fails in the test rebuild

 15:32 <juliank> ðŸ¤¯

 15:33 <vorlon> libevent, this was late because I didn't notice all the no-change rebuilds needed but it is now sorted

 15:33 <vorlon> just blocked by freeze

 15:33 <juliank> (this was exploding head emoji for those with broken unicode)

 15:33 <vorlon> so that's all on proposed-migration for us today

 15:33 <juliank> #topic AOB

 15:33 <juliank> any other business?

 15:34 <adrien> I'll be away during 3 days next week and won't have time to do proposed-migration probably

 15:36 <juliank> adrien: did you get anything assigned or have leftover?

 15:36 <adrien> no, the last part of my message was the result of a race condition between messages :P

 15:36 <juliank> ah

 15:36 <juliank> sorry

 15:37 <adrien> sorry about that ;p

 15:37 <juliank> That wraps things up I think

 15:37 <juliank> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)