== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status meeting, started by slyon, 31 Jan at 15:34 &mdash; 15:53 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2023/ubuntu-meeting.2023-01-31-15.34.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== current component mismatches ===

Discussion started by slyon at 15:35.

 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg   (slyon, 15:35)
 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg   (slyon, 15:35)

=== New MIRs ===

Discussion started by slyon at 15:38.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=NEW&field.status%3Alist=CONFIRMED&assignee_option=none&field.assignee=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (slyon, 15:38)

=== Incomplete bugs / questions ===

Discussion started by slyon at 15:41.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (slyon, 15:41)

=== MIR related Security Review Queue ===

Discussion started by slyon at 15:49.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-security/+bugs?field.searchtext=%5BMIR%5D&assignee_option=choose&field.assignee=ubuntu-security&field.bug_reporter=&field.bug_commenter=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (slyon, 15:49)

=== Any other business? ===

Discussion started by slyon at 15:50.




== People present (lines said) ==

 * slyon (58)
 * cpaelzer (7)
 * sarnold (6)
 * eslerm (4)
 * meetingology (2)
 * joalif (2)



== Full log ==


 15:34 <slyon> #startmeeting Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status

 15:34 <meetingology> Meeting started at 15:34:57 UTC.  The chair is slyon.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 15:34 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 15:35 <slyon> Ping for MIR meeting - didrocks joalif slyon sarnold cpaelzer jamespage

 15:35 <slyon> #topic current component mismatches

 15:35 <slyon> Mission: Identify required actions and spread the load among the teams

 15:35 <slyon> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg

 15:35 <slyon> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg

 15:35 <sarnold> woo, thanks slyon :)

 15:35 <slyon> everything looking fine in c-m -release

 15:35 <cpaelzer> hey

 15:35 <sarnold> broadcom-sta?

 15:35 <slyon> c-m-proposed is pretty crowded..

 15:35 <cpaelzer> thanks slyon for leading, sprint keeps me busy

 15:36 <cpaelzer> I'm here with half an eye

 15:36 <slyon> but most seems to be handled (having some bug attached to it).

 15:36 <slyon> ruby3.1 is a versioned upgrade which should be fine

 15:36 <cpaelzer> ack, ruby is under contrll by kanashiro

 15:37 <slyon> broadcom-sta should be handled by the kernel team IIRC from our last meeting

 15:37 <slyon> I just cleaned up dnspython earlier today, as it was growing the biggest tree of new dependencies on this graph :)

 15:37 <sarnold> aha, yeah, I just saw something like "xnox will know what to do" :) that's usually true, hehe

 15:38 <slyon> #topic New MIRs

 15:38 <slyon> Mission: ensure to assign all incoming reviews for fast processing

 15:38 <slyon> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=NEW&field.status%3Alist=CONFIRMED&assignee_option=none&field.assignee=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 15:38 <slyon> bug #2002821

 15:38 <slyon> got a comment from danilogondolfo and needs attention from didrocks

 15:39 <slyon> bug #1998095

 15:39 <slyon> got a comment from LocutusOfBorg and needs attention by joalif

 15:39 <joalif> that should be good to go, pkgconf, i'll take care of it after mtg

 15:39 <slyon> thanks, please update the bug status accordingly

 15:40 <slyon> bug #2004119 seems new

 15:40 <slyon> do we have any volunteers?

 15:40 <slyon> it's another printing related MIR

 15:40 <cpaelzer> I can look in the morning

 15:41 <slyon> thanks, I'll sign you up for this

 15:41 <cpaelzer> need something non-sprint

 15:41 <cpaelzer> already done

 15:41 <slyon> thanks!

 15:41 <slyon> #topic Incomplete bugs / questions

 15:41 <slyon> Mission: Identify required actions and spread the load among the teams

 15:41 <slyon> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 15:42 <slyon> tracking update in bug #2001699

 15:42 <slyon> no action for us in bug #2003083

 15:43 <slyon> tracking update in bug #2002576

 15:44 <slyon> bug #821883 needs new MIR, assigned to @raof

 15:45 <slyon> bug #1997417

 15:45 <slyon> tracking update

 15:45 <slyon> bug #1827442

 15:46 <slyon> I talked to vpa1977 about this today, nothing to do for us right now, waiting for new MIRs of the dependencies

 15:46 <slyon> bug #2003549

 15:46 <slyon> I did the review today, back to athos / server team to fix a few small things

 15:46 <slyon> bug #2004272

 15:47 <slyon> my investigation about the dnspython situation in c-m-proposed. mitigated (for now) via https://launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/dnspython/2.3.0-1ubuntu1

 15:47 <slyon> needs new MIRs, but I first need to talk to Foundations if we want to take ownership of all those new packages

 15:47 <slyon> bug #2003570

 15:48 <slyon> review done by joalif, needs attention of danilogondolfo (and I just subscribed foundations-bugs earlier today, to solve one of the open TODOs)

 15:48 <slyon> and that's the list!

 15:48 <sarnold> \o/

 15:49 <slyon> #topic MIR related Security Review Queue

 15:49 <slyon> Mission: Check on progress, do deadlines seem doable?

 15:49 <slyon> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-security/+bugs?field.searchtext=%5BMIR%5D&assignee_option=choose&field.assignee=ubuntu-security&field.bug_reporter=&field.bug_commenter=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 15:49 <slyon> sarnold: eslerm:

 15:49 <sarnold> I believe things are going well, eslerm has been burning through MIRs, and other team members have work assigned. I'm feeling positively optimistic :)

 15:49 <slyon> what can you tell us about the status? I heard praises in the sprint sessions :)

 15:50 <slyon> that's good to hear! let's rock this.

 15:50 <slyon> #topic Any other business?

 15:50 <sarnold> none here

 15:50 <joalif> nothing

 15:51 <eslerm> could I be added to these meetings?

 15:51 <slyon> eslerm: You seem to be on the invitee list in my calendar..

 15:52 <eslerm> ah, ok. I wasn't listed in irc earlier

 15:52 <slyon> oh, right the IRC script. sure.

 15:53 <slyon> eslerm: could you please add yourself by creating a PR against: https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir

 15:53 <eslerm> can do

 15:53 <eslerm> thanks

 15:53 <slyon> cpaelzer: should then be able to merge that.

 15:53 <slyon> thanks

 15:53 <slyon> well, that was a light meeting, even though the lists are full. Expect more actionable items next week when things have moved forward.

 15:53 <slyon> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)