== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team meeting, started by juliank, 28 Sep at 14:59 &mdash; 15:47 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2023/ubuntu-meeting.2023-09-28-14.59.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning rounds ===

Discussion started by juliank at 14:59.

 * ''LINK:'' https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/foundations-team-updates-thursday-28-sep-2023/39009   (juliank, 15:00)

=== Release incoming bugs ===

Discussion started by juliank at 15:10.

 * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-mm-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs   (juliank, 15:10)
 * ''LINK:'' https://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-jj-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs   (juliank, 15:32)

=== Team proposed-migration report ===

Discussion started by juliank at 15:33.

 * ''LINK:'' https://ubuntu-archive-team.ubuntu.com/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs   (juliank, 15:33)

=== AOB ===

Discussion started by juliank at 15:37.




== People present (lines said) ==

 * juliank (70)
 * ginggs (16)
 * vorlon (15)
 * bdmurray (13)
 * dbungert (6)
 * bdrung (4)
 * meetingology (2)
 * waveform (2)
 * enr0n (2)
 * ogayot (1)
 * xypron (1)
 * dviererbe (1)
 * danilogondolfo (1)
 * jbicha (1)



== Full log ==


 14:59 <juliank> #startmeeting Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team

 14:59 <meetingology> Meeting started at 14:59:32 UTC.  The chair is juliank.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 14:59 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 14:59 <ogayot> o/

 14:59 <juliank> #topic Lightning rounds

 15:00 <juliank> #link https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/foundations-team-updates-thursday-28-sep-2023/39009

 15:00 <xypron> o/

 15:00 <ginggs> o/

 15:00 * juliank will have to update tomorrow because brain too slow today

 15:03 <bdmurray> "dead weight"

 15:03 <dviererbe> o/

 15:04 <dbungert> bdmurray: that's the belief, yes

 15:04 <bdmurray> my comment was about word choice

 15:04 <bdmurray> I don't think I've heard that in a while

 15:05 <juliank> you may also enjoy the word salad I come up with today

 15:09 <juliank> .

 15:10 <juliank> #topic Release incoming bugs

 15:10 <juliank> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-mm-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 15:10 <juliank> bug 2037425

 15:11 <juliank> dbungert:

 15:11 <juliank> ?

 15:12 <dbungert> work in progress, next step is a review from server.  I think we can untag mm.

 15:12 <juliank> ack

 15:13 <juliank> bug 2036999

 15:13 <dbungert> I have untagged 425

 15:13 <juliank> as did I when I wrote ack :D

 15:13 <dbungert> hah

 15:14 <juliank> bug 2036997 is related

 15:14 <juliank> one is old installer, other new instalelr

 15:15 <dbungert> ubuntu-desktop-installer has a postinstall hook that handles this, so that hook should be updated

 15:16 <danilogondolfo> Yes, this I suppose https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-desktop-installer/blob/main/snap/local/postinst.d/10_copy_network_config

 15:16 <juliank> I tagged them foundations-todo

 15:16 <juliank> bug 2037210

 15:17 <juliank> this makes sense, yes

 15:17 <juliank> we did not implement conversion of lines to PPAs

 15:17 <juliank> I didn't expect people would actually pass PPA lines

 15:18 <juliank> We're going to have to fix that some way but not necesarily for the release

 15:19 <juliank> oh it's also tagged todo already

 15:19 <juliank> I'm just removing incoming

 15:19 <juliank> bug 2033440

 15:19 <vorlon> still Not For Us

 15:19 <juliank> ack

 15:19 <juliank> bug 2036440

 15:19 <bdmurray> very repeatable

 15:20 <vorlon> and we need to fix apport?

 15:21 <bdrung> we should fix bugs #2015857 and the desktop team should fix the gnome-shell crash

 15:21 <juliank> I still don't know

 15:21 <vorlon> should we close on the apport task on 2036440 then?

 15:21 <vorlon> close out

 15:21 <bdmurray> ^- that

 15:21 <juliank> I think that sounds reasoanably

 15:22 <juliank> done

 15:22 <juliank> bug 2037015

 15:22 <bdmurray> From a release team or QA team perspective I don't have try ubuntu crash right away is great

 15:22 <bdrung> 2015857 needs to be fixed first. afterwards we might want to tweak the apport gnome-shell hook.

 15:23 <bdmurray> We could do something shady like blacklist gnome-shell crashes in the live environment?

 15:23 <juliank> I suggest discussing the details outside the meeting

 15:25 <juliank> I guess we tag this one todo but probably this needs someone with a pi to actually do the work

 15:25 <waveform> I need to double-check this with the new images with the updated mesa; I mostly filed the bug to remind myself to do that

 15:25 <juliank> I'll just assign it to you

 15:25 <waveform> sure

 15:26 <juliank> accidentally assigned it to me, lol

 15:26 <juliank> but fixed now

 15:26 <juliank> bug 2037202

 15:26 <juliank> in the initramfs tools

 15:26 <bdrung> someone should try to reproduce (but I will be on vacation)

 15:27 <juliank> sad

 15:27 <juliank> oh but this is kernel, does kernel not have special capser initrd?

 15:28 <juliank> anyway tagged

 15:28 <juliank> bug 2036604 we are going to skip over this cycle, nothing we can do right now

 15:28 <juliank> bug 2037228

 15:30 <bdmurray> jbicha: you confirmed this bug did you recreate it?

 15:31 <vorlon> it doesn't look like a u-r-u issue anyway, should we just close that task invalid (for now)?

 15:31 <juliank> Reassign that task to snapd :D

 15:32 <juliank> I just do

 15:32 <juliank> and https://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ll-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs is empty, hooray

 15:32 <juliank> #link https://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-jj-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 15:32 <juliank> still has bug 1990798

 15:33 <juliank> but pro folks are on that

 15:33 <juliank> and https://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ff-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs is empty too

 15:33 <juliank> #topic Team proposed-migration report

 15:33 <juliank> #link https://ubuntu-archive-team.ubuntu.com/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs

 15:33 <juliank> vorlon: only light gray today :D

 15:33 <vorlon> none of our own packages are "late", but we also don't have much time left before release

 15:34 <vorlon> a lot of systemd autopkgtest failures on arm64

 15:34 <vorlon> enr0n: do you know what this is about? blocking a lot of kernels apparently, that it didn't before

 15:34 <juliank> oh I should unblock grub2 I suppose

 15:34 <vorlon> OTOH linux-meta-azure on arm64 is sort of a non-thing

 15:34 <enr0n> vorlon: looking

 15:34 <vorlon> thanks

 15:35 <vorlon> LP: #2030482 seems to still be blocked on MIR process

 15:35 <juliank> oof

 15:36 <vorlon> and then there's glibc

 15:36 <vorlon> schopin is out I think?  is someone else driving this?

 15:36 <ginggs> i'll retry things

 15:37 <vorlon> ok

 15:37 <enr0n> vorlon: I have not seen that error before so I will need to look closer

 15:37 <ginggs> (hopefully all that's needed)

 15:37 <vorlon> then that's it for proposed-migration

 15:37 <juliank> #topic AOB

 15:37 <juliank> ginggs:

 15:38 <ginggs> LP: #2031879

 15:38 <jbicha> bdmurray: yes, I experienced that Firefox bug a week ago

 15:38 <ginggs> in the email to foundations-crew, it was asked "should I tell them to just not use -r?"

 15:39 <ginggs> and apparently the patch ust removes the -r option from the help output so that users only see --remove as an option

 15:39 <juliank> so they ask for the fix in the commit to be SRUed really I think?

 15:39 <ginggs> which i think is pretty much the same thing

 15:39 <bdrung> i'll be on vacation starting from end of today

 15:40 <bdmurray> jbicha: Could you provide more details in the bug? Like answering comment #2.

 15:42 <juliank> ginggs: are there two meanings of -r?

 15:42 <ginggs> you can --manage -r

 15:42 <dbungert> mdadm manpage still mentions -r for remove, we should hit that also.

 15:43 <ginggs> and --monitor -t

 15:43 <ginggs> err

 15:43 <ginggs> -- monitor -r

 15:43 <ginggs> which are different

 15:44 <juliank> OK I added tasks for jammy and lunar

 15:44 <juliank> I guess lunar can also be Won't fix but meh

 15:44 <juliank> I don't think it warrants tagging particularly

 15:44 <juliank> ginggs: Does that sound right?

 15:45 <ginggs> my question was really, is this worth fixing?

 15:45 <ginggs> --remove works

 15:45 <juliank> I probably should take some time off next week, tuesday is a holiday, and I need to go visit the cat and play

 15:45 <bdmurray> What are the consequences of using `-r`?

 15:45 <ginggs> and per the email, the patch just removes -r from the help

 15:46 <juliank> it changes the options

 15:46 <bdmurray> Is there data loss involved?

 15:46 <juliank> the parsing of them in getopt

 15:46 <ginggs> bdmurray: you get no output -- nothing happens

 15:46 <bdmurray> the pfft

 15:46 <bdmurray> s/the/then/

 15:46 <juliank> I suggest taking this back to the mailing thread

 15:47 <juliank> If there's no other business in 20s I'll end the meeting

 15:47 <juliank> OK I guess that's it then?

 15:47 <juliank> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)