== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status meeting, started by cpaelzer, 13 Jun at 14:32 &mdash; 15:08 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2023/ubuntu-meeting.2023-06-13-14.32.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== current component mismatches ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 14:33.

 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg   (cpaelzer, 14:33)
 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg   (cpaelzer, 14:33)

=== New MIRs ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 14:40.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=NEW&field.status%3Alist=CONFIRMED&assignee_option=none&field.assignee=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (cpaelzer, 14:40)

=== Incomplete bugs / questions ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 14:46.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (cpaelzer, 14:46)

=== Process/Documentation improvements ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 14:55.

 * ''LINK:'' https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/pulls   (cpaelzer, 14:55)
 * ''LINK:'' https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/issues   (cpaelzer, 14:55)

=== MIR related Security Review Queue ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 14:57.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-security/+bugs?field.searchtext=%5BMIR%5D&assignee_option=choose&field.assignee=ubuntu-security&field.bug_reporter=&field.bug_commenter=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (cpaelzer, 14:57)
 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-security/+bugs?field.searchtext=[MIR]&assignee_option=choose&field.assignee=ubuntu-security&field.bug_reporter=&field.bug_commenter=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (cpaelzer, 14:57)
 * ''LINK:'' https://warthogs.atlassian.net/jira/software/c/projects/SEC/boards/594   (cpaelzer, 14:57)

=== Any other business? ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 14:58.

 * ''LINK:'' https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-devel/2023-June/date.html   (sarnold, 15:01)
 * ''LINK:'' https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/issues/26  :D  (sarnold, 15:06)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * cpaelzer (121)
 * sarnold (25)
 * seb128 (19)
 * didrocks (9)
 * dviererbe (5)
 * eslerm (4)
 * joalif (4)
 * meetingology (2)



== Full log ==


 14:32 <cpaelzer> #startmeeting Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status

 14:32 <meetingology> Meeting started at 14:32:41 UTC.  The chair is cpaelzer.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 14:32 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 14:33 <cpaelzer> Ping for MIR meeting - didrocks joalif slyon sarnold cpaelzer jamespage ( eslerm dviererbe )

 14:33 <cpaelzer> #topic current component mismatches

 14:33 <cpaelzer> Mission: Identify required actions and spread the load among the teams

 14:33 <cpaelzer> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg

 14:33 <cpaelzer> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg

 14:33 <dviererbe> wow

 14:33 <sarnold> omg

 14:33 <cpaelzer> wut

 14:34 <didrocks> spamassin is assassinating us :p

 14:34 <cpaelzer> the moment you zoom out and realize the thing at the top is yours

 14:34 <cpaelzer> oh no :-/

 14:34 <cpaelzer> let me pass that to the team

 14:34 <cpaelzer> and then we look what else is in the report

 14:35 <didrocks> hopefully, we donâ€™t care about the recommends and then, no big deal

 14:35 <sarnold> I assume it's on this graph because we do care about recommends

 14:35 <eslerm> is this MIR still valid? https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/libnet-idn-encode-perl/+bug/1494890

 14:35 <didrocks> sarnold: yeah, I mean, just a question of removing the recommends

 14:35 <sarnold> afterall, we have to teach users about apt install --no-install-recommends all the time :(

 14:35 <sarnold> ahhh

 14:36 <cpaelzer> ok, looking at others

 14:36 <cpaelzer> libww-perl -> libhttp-cookiejar-perl

 14:36 <cpaelzer> ruby-rack

 14:37 <cpaelzer> ruby is a transiton to 3.0 which kanashiro[m] is on top already

 14:37 <cpaelzer> ruby-rack I should say

 14:37 <cpaelzer> which was even a requirement in the pcs MIR last cycle

 14:37 <cpaelzer> so consider that under control

 14:37 <cpaelzer> how about this www-perl?

 14:37 <cpaelzer> slyon isn't here, that sounds like foundations

 14:38 <cpaelzer> let me ping mclemenceau ^^

 14:38 <cpaelzer> mclemenceau: could you have someone look after the component mismatch in mantic-proposed please

 14:38 <sarnold> woah looks like launchpad got a stylesheet refresh

 14:38 <cpaelzer> did it?

 14:38 <cpaelzer> indeed

 14:39 <cpaelzer> libhttp-cookiejar-perl: libhttp-cookiejar-perl

 14:39 <cpaelzer> [Reverse-Depends: libwww-perl (MAIN)]

 14:39 <cpaelzer> mclemenceau: that is the one you could look at

 14:39 <cpaelzer> everything else is known

 14:39 <cpaelzer> no further action

 14:40 <cpaelzer> except me finding someone to unbreak this massive tree behind spamassassin

 14:40 <cpaelzer> #topic New MIRs

 14:40 <cpaelzer> Mission: ensure to assign all incoming reviews for fast processing

 14:40 <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=NEW&field.status%3Alist=CONFIRMED&assignee_option=none&field.assignee=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 14:40 <cpaelzer> 4 in the queue

 14:40 <dviererbe> There is also https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/boot-managed-by-snapd/+bug/2023366

 14:40 <cpaelzer> all of them we have seen before

 14:40 <cpaelzer> dviererbe: that is subscribed to the wrong team

 14:40 <didrocks> yeah, some for quite some time as I was the only available MIR reviewer around and can only take 2 by pulse

 14:41 <cpaelzer> today myself and joalif can take a few if possible

 14:41 <didrocks> so, for next pulse, I can take 2 of them (I guess cairo/pango in the order of deps, apart if someone else can parallelize those)

 14:41 <joalif> yup

 14:41 <cpaelzer> and it is fair to limit the number per pulse or whatever cycle you plan for

 14:41 <seb128> technically those are new version of packages already in main but I guess you want to review them again?

 14:42 <cpaelzer> dviererbe: we are the "MIR approval team" not the "Mir development team"

 14:42 <cpaelzer> dviererbe: I fixed the subscription

 14:42 <dviererbe> thanks

 14:42 <dviererbe> weirdly that was the only team that popped up when I searched for mir

 14:42 <cpaelzer> I'd take boot-managed-by-snap

 14:42 <cpaelzer> as I'm curious by the name

 14:43 <cpaelzer> didrocks: is "next pulse" today or next week or even later?

 14:43 <dviererbe> its mostly just a transitional package

 14:43 <didrocks> cpaelzer: next week

 14:43 <cpaelzer> ok

 14:43 <cpaelzer> joalif: pick one of your choice please

 14:43 <cpaelzer> in case one seems nicer than the other to you

 14:43 <joalif> i can take whatever, let's say the first one

 14:44 <cpaelzer> it is important to consider the comment of seb128

 14:44 <cpaelzer> usually if this is just a foo1 to foo2

 14:44 <cpaelzer> it is a fast path

 14:44 <cpaelzer> and not a full review

 14:44 <sarnold> \o/

 14:44 <cpaelzer> we do sanity checks, ensuer the old reviews didn't say "just this time" or such

 14:44 <cpaelzer> and then approve

 14:44 <cpaelzer> joalif: ok you take pangomm2.48 then

 14:45 <joalif> yes

 14:45 <cpaelzer> joalif: if your check on this confirms that it is "the same as we have, just versioned source and all is fine"

 14:45 <cpaelzer> then we can next week assign the rest assuming they are similar fast paths

 14:45 <cpaelzer> does that work for everyone?

 14:45 <didrocks> sounds good to me

 14:45 <joalif> ok

 14:46 <cpaelzer> ok, let us go on then

 14:46 <cpaelzer> #topic Incomplete bugs / questions

 14:46 <cpaelzer> Mission: Identify required actions and spread the load among the teams

 14:46 <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 14:46 <sarnold> man that's a lot of incompletes

 14:47 <cpaelzer> not that many recent though

 14:47 <cpaelzer> We haven't closed incompletes for a while

 14:48 <cpaelzer> I think we had some number of days to mark them invalid

 14:48 <sarnold> yeah, we tend to focus on the happy end of the list (for good reasons :) .. but some of these oolldd things make me sad, heh

 14:48 <cpaelzer> let me close all pre 2023

 14:48 <cpaelzer> I think they are incomplete and got no update for so long

 14:48 <cpaelzer> it is correct for expectation management

 14:48 <cpaelzer> to call them incomplete

 14:49 <cpaelzer> WDYT?

 14:49 <sarnold> yeah, it's probably fine to just blanket set them all invalid. it might be a nice reminder to the folks who might sitll be around

 14:49 <didrocks> yeah, sounds like the correct approach to me

 14:50 <cpaelzer> give me a minute

 14:51 <sarnold> heh, argyll, updated a few months ago, opened in 2011

 14:52 <eslerm> I think conditinal ACK requirements like autopkgtests should be met before promotion so that we don't get into this state, but that can be specified by MIR/Security reivews going forward

 14:54 <cpaelzer> dine

 14:54 <sarnold> thanks

 14:54 <sarnold> probably some of these are changing business needs

 14:54 <sarnold> others might be simply overlooked TODO items that were never fulfilled

 14:54 <cpaelzer> eslerm: yes, conditional ack requirements are meant to be met

 14:54 <cpaelzer> ack on the chance for overlook

 14:54 <cpaelzer> that was the reason we started to number them

 14:54 <cpaelzer> it made it easier to track them

 14:55 <cpaelzer> I need to continue in the matter of time

 14:55 <cpaelzer> #topic Process/Documentation improvements

 14:55 <cpaelzer> Mission: Review pending process/documentation pull-requests or issues

 14:55 <cpaelzer> #link https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/pulls

 14:55 <cpaelzer> #link https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/issues

 14:55 <cpaelzer> I have today reviewed and merged a few

 14:56 <cpaelzer> there is effort for me and dviererbe before the remaining PRs are re-reviewed here

 14:56 <cpaelzer> on the issues

 14:56 <cpaelzer> one is a discussion on the same topic as the re-review PR

 14:56 <cpaelzer> and let me - for now - just say yes, we do not speak about resourcing yet

 14:56 <cpaelzer> but we need to have in place how we think it works before I combine myself and other directors to be the meta-VP and make a decision

 14:57 <cpaelzer> sarnold: are you ok to go into https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/issues/24 when there is more time left?

 14:57 <sarnold> cpaelzer: yes

 14:57 <cpaelzer> thanks

 14:57 <cpaelzer> #topic MIR related Security Review Queue

 14:57 <cpaelzer> Mission: Check on progress, do deadlines seem doable?

 14:57 <cpaelzer> Some clients can only work with one, some with the other escaping - the URLs point to the same place.

 14:57 <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-security/+bugs?field.searchtext=%5BMIR%5D&assignee_option=choose&field.assignee=ubuntu-security&field.bug_reporter=&field.bug_commenter=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 14:57 <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-security/+bugs?field.searchtext=[MIR]&assignee_option=choose&field.assignee=ubuntu-security&field.bug_reporter=&field.bug_commenter=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 14:57 <cpaelzer> Internal link

 14:57 <cpaelzer> - ensure your teams items are prioritized among each other as you'd expect

 14:57 <cpaelzer> - ensure community requests do not get stomped by teams calling for favors too much

 14:57 <cpaelzer> #link https://warthogs.atlassian.net/jira/software/c/projects/SEC/boards/594

 14:57 <cpaelzer> nothing too surprising here

 14:58 <sarnold> we've got MIRs assigned around, so far I think there's happy thoughts

 14:58 <cpaelzer> indeed

 14:58 <cpaelzer> LGTM

 14:58 <cpaelzer> #topic Any other business?

 14:58 <seb128> o/

 14:58 <cpaelzer> the PRs and issues nowadays cover most of the usual AOB topics

 14:59 <cpaelzer> seb128: have you been waiting for this and brought something new?

 14:59 <cpaelzer> or just seen the highlight that happened a while ago?

 14:59 <seb128> no, I've topics

 14:59 <seb128> first is https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/webp-pixbuf-loader/+bug/1979121 ... what's the status?

 14:59 <seb128> it is assigned to you since decembre but didn't get any activity so I wonder if it got forgotten somehow?

 14:59 <cpaelzer> this is a classic fallen therough the cracks

 14:59 <cpaelzer> sorry

 14:59 <cpaelzer> I'll look at it

 15:00 <seb128> thanks

 15:00 <cpaelzer> you said topicS

 15:00 <cpaelzer> next?

 15:00 <seb128> the other topic is that I stated a discussion about symbols for c++ libraries on ubuntu-devel@

 15:00 <seb128> unsure if you guys follow the list of if I should cross reference to github?

 15:00 <seb128> started*

 15:01 <eslerm> link please

 15:01 <sarnold> https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-devel/2023-June/date.html

 15:01 <eslerm> thanks

 15:01 <seb128> eslerm, https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-devel/2023-June/042600.html

 15:02 <sarnold> I keep hearing that the kde symbols handling is really nice stuff; I don't understand why it's not the default for all our packages

 15:02 <seb128> if you didn't read it yet it's probably better to discuss it another time after people had time to read

 15:02 <sarnold> perhaps that's a better question on the list, though :)

 15:03 <seb128> that was mentioned, still it doesn't solve most of the issues raised

 15:03 <seb128> like the difference between architectures and how tedious the process is

 15:03 <sarnold> it sounds almost as bad as debian/copyright

 15:04 <sarnold> I'll throw some questions on the list, I don't know nearly enough about what these files provide for us

 15:05 <sarnold> hopefully that'll keep the conversation moving :) (or cause everyone to roll their eyes at me, either way)

 15:05 <cpaelzer> FYI - I'm double booked now, less focus :-/

 15:05 <didrocks> (I guess the biggest blocker is the multi-arch aspect with different symbols)

 15:06 <seb128> that's not a topic that needs to be discussed/resolved here or now, I just wanted to check if you follow devel or if I should start the same discussion as a github ticket or something

 15:06 <sarnold> https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/issues/26  :D

 15:07 <seb128> sarnold, thanks!

 15:07 <sarnold> seb128: and thank you :D

 15:07 <cpaelzer> which means we will revisit it every week

 15:07 <seb128> sarnold, update the title to mention c++

 15:07 <cpaelzer> until we find qorum and enough time to tihnk deep enough about it

 15:07 <seb128> we don't have those issues for plain C

 15:07 <cpaelzer> C symbols are worth for sure

 15:07 <sarnold> ack, done

 15:07 <cpaelzer> C++ symbols would be worth if only they would work

 15:07 <seb128> thx

 15:07 <cpaelzer> thank

 15:07 <cpaelzer> s

 15:08 <seb128> and that was it from me for today :p

 15:08 <sarnold> pfew :D

 15:08 <cpaelzer> great

 15:08 <cpaelzer> we are over time

 15:08 <cpaelzer> let me close it here

 15:08 <cpaelzer> and we all handle more next week

 15:08 <cpaelzer> thank you!

 15:08 <cpaelzer> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)