== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team meeting, started by jawn-smith, 12 Jan at 16:00 &mdash; 16:51 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2023/ubuntu-meeting.2023-01-12-16.00.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== Release incoming bugs ===

Discussion started by jawn-smith at 16:09.

 * ''LINK:'' https://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ll-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs   (jawn-smith, 16:09)
 * ''LINK:'' https://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-kk-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs   (jawn-smith, 16:15)
 * ''LINK:'' https://gitlab.gnome.org/GNOME/gtk/-/issues/3310   (adrien, 16:21)
 * ''LINK:'' https://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-jj-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs   (jawn-smith, 16:23)

=== proposed-migration ===

Discussion started by jawn-smith at 16:26.

 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs   (jawn-smith, 16:26)

=== AOB ===

Discussion started by jawn-smith at 16:43.




== People present (lines said) ==

 * vorlon (42)
 * jawn-smith (36)
 * schopin (6)
 * adrien (5)
 * bdmurray (3)
 * bdrung (3)
 * meetingology (2)
 * sil2100 (2)
 * slyon (2)
 * dbungert (2)
 * ogayot (2)
 * enr0n (2)
 * juliank (1)
 * waveform (1)
 * danilogondolfo (1)
 * ginggs (1)
 * xypron (1)



== Full log ==


 16:00 <jawn-smith> #startmeeting Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team

 16:00 <meetingology> Meeting started at 16:00:25 UTC.  The chair is jawn-smith.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 16:00 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 16:00 <jawn-smith> The weekly status is here: https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/foundations-team-updates-thursday-12-january-2023/33162

 16:00 <jawn-smith> Let's all take our usual time to read and ask questions

 16:01 <jawn-smith> Looks like not everybody has done their status

 16:02 <bdmurray> :-(

 16:02 * vorlon waves

 16:03 <sil2100> o/

 16:04 <vorlon> jawn-smith: adduser/useradd differences? they're always different :)

 16:04 <jawn-smith> True, but the difference is in the debootstrap output

 16:04 <vorlon> ah

 16:05 <jawn-smith> It used to include both, now it doesn't

 16:05 <bdrung> I like schopin's "Usual batch of PR reviews on apport" entry :D

 16:05 <schopin> I wasn't feeling like listing them out today :)

 16:09 <jawn-smith> #topic Release incoming bugs

 16:09 <jawn-smith> #link https://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ll-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 16:10 <jawn-smith> bug 2002426

 16:10 <jawn-smith> slyon: you tagged this one

 16:14 <jawn-smith> offline discussion has decided we need to patch licensecheck to work around the new dependencies

 16:15 <slyon> (as described on the bug report)

 16:15 <jawn-smith> slyon has volunteered, thanks!

 16:15 <jawn-smith> #link https://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-kk-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 16:16 <jawn-smith> bug 1842439

 16:19 <jawn-smith> lots of discussion about whether or not you can catch a C library segfault within Python code

 16:19 <vorlon> can but shouldn't need to ;)

 16:21 <schopin> Do we know if the issue has been identified and marked as NOTFIX upstream, or just not investigated at all?

 16:21 <adrien> https://gitlab.gnome.org/GNOME/gtk/-/issues/3310

 16:21 <adrien> I'm not sure how to summarise their stance

 16:21 <jawn-smith> We seem to agree that this is something that needs to be fixed in gtk, not apport

 16:21 <jawn-smith> and is therefore back with the desktop team

 16:23 <jawn-smith> vorlon to add it to the desktop sync agenda

 16:23 <jawn-smith> #link https://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-jj-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 16:23 <jawn-smith> bug 1999345

 16:24 <jawn-smith> juliank: where are we with this?

 16:24 <jawn-smith> Still deciding whether or not to include it?

 16:24 <juliank> no comment yet

 16:24 <vorlon> doesn't seem like incoming territory to me

 16:26 <jawn-smith> Sounds like we're removing the tag and assigning security team to review it

 16:26 <jawn-smith> And that's it for incoming bugs

 16:26 <jawn-smith> #topic proposed-migration

 16:26 <jawn-smith> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs

 16:26 <jawn-smith> vorlon:

 16:26 <vorlon> ooh this should be fun

 16:27 <schopin> git is basically fixed, just waiting for sync.

 16:28 <vorlon> schopin: does that mean it's uploaded to unstable and just waiting for autosync?

 16:28 <dbungert> 101 packages needing attention

 16:28 <schopin> vorlon: that, and then massage the triggers, I guess.

 16:28 <vorlon> schopin: can you take this for follow-up then?

 16:29 <schopin> sure, but feel free to give me another one.

 16:29 <vorlon> sysvinit mentioned by ogayot in his report, I'll take that for the test retriggering

 16:29 <ogayot> vorlon: thanks

 16:30 <jawn-smith> vorlon: I can take debootstrap since I have some familiarity with it

 16:30 <vorlon> thanks

 16:30 <vorlon> debootstrap: jawn-smith

 16:30 <vorlon> libconfig-inifiles-perl, might be an easy one that just requires some proper retriggers because I recognize lemonldap-ng as flaky

 16:32 <vorlon> bdrung: can you take this?

 16:32 <waveform> debootstrap's with me I think?

 16:32 <bdrung> vorlon, ok

 16:32 <vorlon> apport had a new version to fix autopkgtest failures, I'll retry this

 16:33 <bdrung> let me handle apport

 16:33 <vorlon> ok

 16:33 <vorlon> apport: bdrung

 16:33 <vorlon> libconfig-inifiles-perl: bdrung

 16:33 <vorlon> pyyaml is a non-trivial one fwiw

 16:33 <vorlon> adrien: can you take pyyaml?

 16:34 <vorlon> these autopkgtest regressions are also relevant to python3-defaults and other revdeps, you'll be killing 5 birds with 3 stones

 16:34 <adrien> vorlon: sure

 16:34 <vorlon> pyyaml: adrien

 16:34 <vorlon> thanks

 16:34 <vorlon> irssi is just waiting on perl which waits on tests

 16:34 * jawn-smith volunteers for gnupg2

 16:34 <vorlon> gnupg2: jawn-smith

 16:35 <vorlon> bdmurray: can you take xz-utils?

 16:35 <bdmurray> okay

 16:36 <adrien> are there really regressions caused by xz-utils? I only notice linux-lowlatency which is a kernel issue iirc

 16:38 <vorlon> adrien: don't know! it needs investigated and retriggered to where it passes correctly and doesn't block

 16:39 <vorlon> sphinx-rtd-theme - dbungert can you take this?

 16:39 <dbungert> vorlon: ack for sphinx-rtd-theme

 16:40 <vorlon> adrien: elfutils shows the same autopkgtest regressions, so please take it together w/ xz-utils

 16:40 <vorlon> libcap2 - danilogondolfo ?

 16:40 <danilogondolfo> sure

 16:40 <vorlon> python-tz - ginggs ?

 16:40 <ginggs> ack

 16:40 <vorlon> python-attrs - xypron ?

 16:40 <adrien> vorlon: ok

 16:40 <vorlon> pyasn1 - juliank ?

 16:41 <xypron> I can have a look at python-attrs

 16:41 <vorlon> gdb - slyon ?

 16:41 <slyon> vorlon: ack for gdb

 16:41 <vorlon> gobject-introspection - enr0n ?

 16:42 <enr0n> vorlon: ack, but note I am OOO next week so my timeline will be different than normal

 16:42 <vorlon> ack

 16:42 <vorlon> it's libreoffice autopkgtest regressions, so it's probably 5 minutes of work followed by a week of waiting anyway ;P

 16:42 <vorlon> talloc - ogayot ?

 16:42 <ogayot> vorlon: sure

 16:42 <vorlon> boost1.74 - schopin ?

 16:42 <schopin> vorlon: ack

 16:43 <vorlon> openjdk-lts vs alsa-lib - sil2100 ?

 16:43 <sil2100> vorlon: ok o/

 16:43 <vorlon> and then I think everyone who's here has had at least one assigned

 16:43 <vorlon> jawn-smith:

 16:43 <jawn-smith> #topic AOB

 16:44 <jawn-smith> Monday is a US holiday

 16:44 <enr0n> I am out tomorrow and all of next week

 16:44 <jawn-smith> I think a few Americans are swapping it for Friday

 16:44 <bdmurray> I will be here Monday

 16:44 <jawn-smith> At some point my new house will be ready and I'll disappear for like a week

 16:44 <jawn-smith> hopefully soon-ish

 16:45 <vorlon> I'll be out Monday

 16:45 <jawn-smith> I'll be out Monday as well

 16:51 <jawn-smith> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)