== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team meeting, started by waveform, 20 Jul at 15:07 &mdash; 15:54 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2023/ubuntu-meeting.2023-07-20-15.07.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning rounds ===

Discussion started by waveform at 15:07.

 * ''LINK:'' https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/foundations-team-updates-thursday-20-jul-2023/37111/10   (waveform, 15:07)

=== Release incoming bugs ===

Discussion started by waveform at 15:16.

 * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-mm-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs   (waveform, 15:16)
 * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ll-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs   (waveform, 15:22)

=== Team proposed-migration report ===

Discussion started by waveform at 15:29.

 * ''LINK:'' https://ubuntu-archive-team.ubuntu.com/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs   (waveform, 15:29)

=== AOB ===

Discussion started by waveform at 15:49.




== People present (lines said) ==

 * vorlon (54)
 * waveform (36)
 * slyon (13)
 * schopin (7)
 * bdmurray (6)
 * ginggs (5)
 * bdrung (3)
 * zhsj (3)
 * pushkarnk (3)
 * meetingology (2)
 * adrien (2)
 * liushuyu (2)
 * dbungert (1)



== Full log ==


 15:07 <waveform> #startmeeting Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team

 15:07 <meetingology> Meeting started at 15:07:09 UTC.  The chair is waveform.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 15:07 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 15:07 <waveform> #topic Lightning rounds

 15:07 <waveform> #link https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/foundations-team-updates-thursday-20-jul-2023/37111/10

 15:07 <waveform> we'll have the usual wait for everyone to read status...

 15:08 <slyon> schopin: did you share your "Rust code in main" docs somewhere already (besides the status report)?

 15:10 <schopin> slyon: not yet, no. Haven't found the time :)

 15:11 <schopin> I guess I'll just shoot an email to ubuntu-devel@ with a link :)

 15:11 <bdmurray> bdrung: How is the bugpattern work going?

 15:11 <slyon> schopin: OK. I think it might make sense to somehow integrate it into the MIR README.md in the relevant (Rust) section: https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir (through a PR)

 15:12 <bdrung> bdmurray, i wrote 3 working bug pattern. Two for ancient bugs. One bug pattern should be added since it can happen in the future. I am waiting for the git transition to submit it.

 15:14 <schopin> slyon: I'm not so sure. The way I see that repo its contents are meant to be fairly stable (and thus should evolve slowly), whereas that doc needs to be updated to reflect technical details that might change fairly quickly.

 15:15 <waveform> okay, enough reading time for everyone?

 15:15 <slyon> Sure. I didn't mean to integrate the contents, but rather a link to that wiki page, for reference.

 15:15 <schopin> Oh. Right. Yeah that makes sense :)

 15:16 <waveform> speak now, or it's time for incoming bugs!

 15:16 <waveform> okay...

 15:16 <waveform> #topic Release incoming bugs

 15:16 <waveform> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-mm-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 15:17 <waveform> a few for foundations today, starting with LP: #2028213

 15:17 <vorlon> yes take it

 15:17 <vorlon> mwhudson is already working on it, I think

 15:17 <waveform> okay

 15:17 <waveform> next up, LP: #2026637

 15:18 <vorlon> eh

 15:19 <vorlon> I'm not sure there is any work to be done in the release-upgrader (this is an upgrade within the mantic series with apt) but it makes sense for us to take the bug and follow through

 15:19 <waveform> ok

 15:20 <waveform> next, LP: #2026826

 15:20 <slyon> ^ that's resolved in -proposed

 15:21 <waveform> ok, leaving the tag for now

 15:21 <waveform> next, LP: #2028054

 15:21 <slyon> ^ that will (probably) be resolved by the desktop team demoting the whole printing stack

 15:21 <slyon> (it's moving into a snap)

 15:21 <slyon> So probably nothing to do for us and we can drop the tag

 15:21 <waveform> ok

 15:22 <waveform> finally, LP: #2028079

 15:22 <vorlon> (why was that on our queue at all?)

 15:22 <vorlon> needs to install printing snaps> yes please take it

 15:22 <waveform> ok

 15:22 <vorlon> I'm not sure if we've previously done that in the release upgrader vs a transitional package?  but yes it's critical to get right on upgrade :)

 15:22 <waveform> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ll-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 15:23 <slyon> vorlon: the python-rlpycairo MIR was on our queue, because it's a python-reportlab dependency, which we own

 15:23 <vorlon> slyon: got it

 15:23 <waveform> only one in lunar, LP: #2027847

 15:24 <bdmurray> that username

 15:24 <adrien> I had to check it wasn't a new account (since 2005!)

 15:25 <vorlon> I disagree with the proposed action but it's appropriate for us to take

 15:25 <vorlon> and follow through on

 15:25 <dbungert> For new installs I believe we have this solved, in terms of allocating more space

 15:25 <vorlon> I think it's a wontfix for u-r-u

 15:25 <vorlon> because they did NOT run out of space in the middle of a release upgrade

 15:25 <vorlon> so preventing them from upgrading would not have been an improvement

 15:26 <adrien> should we switch compression based on hints such as available space?

 15:27 <vorlon> no, but the user can do so

 15:27 <vorlon> but also, precompressed firmware and kernel modules!

 15:29 <waveform> okay, nothing in jammy of focal for us this week

 15:29 <waveform> #topic Team proposed-migration report

 15:29 <waveform> over to vorlon?

 15:29 <waveform> #link https://ubuntu-archive-team.ubuntu.com/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs

 15:30 <vorlon> python3-defaults has just been accepted \o/

 15:30 <vorlon> setuptools, I guess these were divvied up last week

 15:30 <vorlon> there was a question from zhsj about waiting for the maintainer's fix to get through NEW, but the intent is to get these packages moved through -proposed weekly

 15:31 <vorlon> thoughts here?  IMHO we should carry a delta on those packages as necessary in the short term to unblock setuptools

 15:32 <slyon> I agree. Especially for small fixes like those.

 15:32 <slyon> Once the fix landed in Debian we can sync it back

 15:32 <ginggs> agree, fix in ubuntu first

 15:33 <waveform> okay, just checking the logs but so far it looks like all setuptools related were given out last week

 15:33 <vorlon> ok, then folks with assignments from last week related to setuptools should follow through and not wait on Debian NEW (cc: zhsj)

 15:33 <schopin> I tend to disagree, up 'til those packages are the remaining blockers. FTR that package has cleared NEW (including in Ubuntu)

 15:33 <vorlon> do we need to re-state the setuptools assignments or does everyone know them?

 15:33 <zhsj> ack (though the NEW has been accepted)

 15:34 <vorlon> ok - regardless, the expectation is that these get resolved before next Thursday

 15:34 <pushkarnk> vorlon: ack

 15:34 <vorlon> if you're confident that waiting for the Debian maintainer achieves this, so be it

 15:35 <vorlon> then it looks like we only made it halfway through the pillow revdeps last week

 15:36 <vorlon> so I'm going to go down the line and assigning one to everybody

 15:36 <vorlon> (in addition to any carry-overs)

 15:36 <vorlon> pillow vs gavodachs: adrien

 15:36 <vorlon> pillow vs imgp: bdrung

 15:37 <vorlon> pillow vs lazygal: bdmurray

 15:37 <vorlon> pillow vs pilkit: dbungert

 15:37 <vorlon> pillow vs pycoast: danilogondolfo

 15:37 <vorlon> pillow vs python-wordcloud: waveform

 15:37 <vorlon> tpm2-tss: dviererbe

 15:38 <waveform> ack

 15:38 <vorlon> libwww-perl: me (circling back around on the MIR)

 15:38 <bdmurray> I'd be offended but that assignment seems random

 15:38 <vorlon> heh

 15:38 <vorlon> germinate vs livecd-rootfs: ginggs

 15:38 <ginggs> ack

 15:39 <vorlon> adduser migrated

 15:39 <vorlon> apt: juliank (:P)

 15:40 <vorlon> hmm maybe dgit regressed, doing a baseline retest

 15:40 <ginggs> dgit has plenty of autopkgtests, so probably infra

 15:40 <vorlon> ah

 15:40 <ginggs> so the baseline is likely to fail

 15:40 <vorlon> it was amd64 though

 15:40 <ginggs> so all good :)

 15:40 <vorlon> well, anyway

 15:41 <vorlon> fakeroot (FTBFS on armhf): slyon

 15:41 <slyon> ack

 15:41 <vorlon> pcre2: mateus-morais

 15:43 <vorlon> dbus: ogayot

 15:44 <vorlon> glib2.0 has other blockers but let's let the Desktop Team drive those

 15:45 <vorlon> casper vs systemd: pushkarnk

 15:45 <pushkarnk> ack

 15:45 <vorlon> initramfs-tools vs systemd: schopin

 15:45 <schopin> ack

 15:46 <vorlon> ayatana-indicator-session vs systemd: liushuyu

 15:46 <liushuyu> vorlon: okay

 15:46 <vorlon> and dbus vs systemd: zhsj

 15:46 <vorlon> and that'll be enough for this week

 15:46 <zhsj> ack

 15:46 <bdrung> initramfs-tools vs systemd is interesting: qemu-system-x86_64: ../../util/cacheflush.c:212: init_cache_info: Assertion `(isize & (isize - 1)) == 0' failed.

 15:47 <slyon> pushkarnk, schopin, liushuyu, zhsj: I triggered plenty of systemd tests earlier today. So check the queues first ;-)

 15:47 <vorlon> everyone else who isn't at the meeting right now lucks out and doesn't get one from me this week

 15:47 <schopin> slyon: always :)

 15:47 <liushuyu> slyon: understood

 15:47 <pushkarnk> slyon: sure

 15:48 <zhsj> yeah, already see that dbus vs systemd is infra issue :P

 15:48 <vorlon> bdrung: back to you

 15:49 <waveform> or me even :)

 15:49 <waveform> #topic AOB

 15:49 <slyon> I'll be out next Thu+Fri

 15:50 <waveform> I'm not going to be around for much of tomorrow afternoon (medical jabby things), but I'll make it up in the evening

 15:51 <waveform> any other notices?

 15:51 <waveform> going once...

 15:51 <waveform> going twice...

 15:51 <bdmurray> Kinetic

 15:51 <vorlon> I'm out next week after Monday

 15:51 <bdmurray> It'd EoL day

 15:52 <bdrung> so no kinetic SRUs any more!

 15:52 <waveform> \o/

 15:52 <bdmurray> no kinetic autopkgtests!

 15:54 <waveform> okay, going thrice for any more notices?

 15:54 <waveform> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)