== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team meeting, started by juliank, 26 Oct at 15:02 &mdash; 15:44 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2023/ubuntu-meeting.2023-10-26-15.02.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning rounds ===

Discussion started by juliank at 15:02.


=== Release incoming bugs ===

Discussion started by juliank at 15:03.

 * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-nn-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs   (juliank, 15:03)
 * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-mm-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs   (juliank, 15:03)
 * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ll-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs   (juliank, 15:05)
 * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-jj-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs   (juliank, 15:05)

=== Team proposed-migration report ===

Discussion started by juliank at 15:14.

 * ''LINK:'' https://ubuntu-archive-team.ubuntu.com/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs   (juliank, 15:14)

=== AOB ===

Discussion started by juliank at 15:16.




== People present (lines said) ==

 * juliank (50)
 * vorlon (25)
 * adrien (11)
 * dbungert (6)
 * slyon (6)
 * bdmurray (3)
 * meetingology (2)
 * schopin (2)
 * enr0n (1)
 * bdrung (1)



== Full log ==


 15:02 <juliank> #startmeeting Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team

 15:02 <meetingology> Meeting started at 15:02:22 UTC.  The chair is juliank.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 15:02 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 15:02 <juliank> #topic Lightning rounds

 15:02 <juliank> We are going to skip this today, as discourse is down

 15:03 <juliank> #topic Release incoming bugs

 15:03 <juliank> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-nn-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 15:03 <juliank> oh that's not there yet

 15:03 <juliank> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-mm-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 15:03 <juliank> bug 2038807

 15:04 <juliank> I'll go tag this and ping some people if they have insight

 15:04 <bdmurray> We were waiting for you to look at it.

 15:05 <juliank> Yes and I want to talk to upstream :)

 15:05 <juliank> Maybe they fixed it already?

 15:05 <juliank> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ll-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 15:05 <juliank> empty

 15:05 <juliank> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-jj-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 15:05 <vorlon> really nothing else in incoming for mantic? huh

 15:05 <dbungert> I had one I wanted to discuss for NN - LP: #2040481

 15:06 <bdmurray> Well there is this upgrade bug... ;-)

 15:06 <vorlon> yeah but it's not incoming, it just needs sponsorship

 15:06 <juliank> bug 2037667

 15:06 <juliank> seems a kernel bug

 15:06 <juliank> ah no a systemd-networkd bug

 15:07 <slyon> juliank: well.. kernel wants systemd to be investigated

 15:07 <juliank> or collision of bugs :)

 15:07 <slyon> basically, kernel increased validation for gre tunnels, which makes (old) systemd-networkd fail. Passes on newer systemd-networkd

 15:07 <slyon> they wanted us (enr0n?) to investigate if the corresponding networkd fix could be backported

 15:07 <juliank> Sounds reasonable

 15:07 <juliank> enr0n: Can you investigate that?

 15:08 <enr0n> juliank: sure, can do

 15:08 <slyon> I can help with spotting the relevant systemd commits. Didn't have time to do that today

 15:09 <juliank> -ff is empty

 15:13 <juliank> we'll be right back here :D

 15:14 <juliank> #topic Team proposed-migration report

 15:14 <juliank> #link https://ubuntu-archive-team.ubuntu.com/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs

 15:14 <juliank> this is weird

 15:15 <vorlon> it's correct and based on noble

 15:16 <juliank> I guess nothing is late yet :D

 15:16 <vorlon> openjdk-17 is ftbfs on riscv64

 15:16 <vorlon> with no build log because riscv64 is sad

 15:16 <vorlon> so I've retried it now

 15:16 <juliank> hooray

 15:16 <vorlon> nothing else here

 15:16 <juliank> #topic AOB

 15:16 <dbungert> I had one I wanted to discuss for NN - LP: #2040481

 15:17 <dbungert> I'm wondering if that ppp package should be in the pool

 15:17 <juliank> does subiquity support setting this up?

 15:17 <dbungert> no

 15:17 <dbungert> so you could do an offline install, but I'm not sure what the plan would be to eventually get it online

 15:17 <juliank> I guess you want to do ubuntu-drivers stuff to auto-install that if modem detected

 15:18 <vorlon> historically it's in the pool so you have it available offline and worst case can manually install it

 15:18 <juliank> like other driver packages?

 15:18 <juliank> but yeah including in the pool for manual bootstrap is enough

 15:18 <juliank> go for it!

 15:18 <juliank> reassign to um ubuntu-meta?

 15:19 <dbungert> I think that makes sense, thanks

 15:19 <vorlon> fwiw my Ubuntu Internet gateway uses pppoe on top of netplan, but I had to do all the pppoe myself :)

 15:20 <juliank> vorlon wanted to discuss dpkg misbuilt compiler flags buig

 15:20 <juliank> * bug

 15:20 <vorlon> yes, LP: #2040518

 15:20 <vorlon> so as I mentioned to juliank, the correct dpkg status is 'wontfix' because we don't want to change dpkg behavior

 15:20 <adrien> vorlon: I'm curious as to how you're doing that because I should install a new gateway/server in a few weeks or months

 15:20 <vorlon> but this is something that needs attention for noble

 15:20 <adrien> (this is for another time of course :) )

 15:20 <vorlon> adrien: networkd-dispatcher!

 15:21 <slyon> adrien: see bug #1769034

 15:21 <adrien> thanks!

 15:21 <vorlon> so we need to get this in the queue for noble as a high priority. juliank should I just set the bug back to triaged on dpkg for now?

 15:21 <vorlon> or do we want to pull it in as a jira card manually

 15:21 <juliank> Better file a jira epic and add tasks to that

 15:22 <juliank> Don't want all packages / the overarching thing in a single jira bug issue

 15:22 <juliank> (because then individual bugs would be annoying to handle)

 15:23 <juliank> epic to fix regressions, with spike to identify them?

 15:23 <vorlon> and since this is off roadmap what am I doing with that epic to make sure it gets prioritized :)

 15:23 <vorlon> +spike

 15:24 <juliank> put spike in the next pulse and bug people?

 15:24 <vorlon> k

 15:24 <vorlon> I'll follow through on that then, thanks

 15:25 <juliank> ta!

 15:25 <juliank> any other business?

 15:25 <adrien> I have another topic: for my openssl SRU there's a fix for default encryption parameters in openssl for blowfish ocb

 15:25 <bdrung> I like to suggest to look at the top entries on https://errors.ubuntu.com/?release=Ubuntu%2023.10&user=foundations-bugs&period=week

 15:26 <adrien> the issue introduces an incompatibility between everything else and jammy

 15:26 <bdmurray> bdrung: on a regular basis ideally

 15:26 <adrien> fixing it will however introduce an incompatibility between jammy-before-the-fix and jammy-after-the-fix

 15:27 <juliank> hmm

 15:27 <juliank> adrien: how important is blowfish in practice?

 15:27 <adrien> reason to fix: get compat back; reason not to fix: incompat for files created before the update and read after the update

 15:27 <schopin> that'd be bug 1990216

 15:27 <juliank> I'm more worried about regressions in the release

 15:27 <adrien> I think fairly few people use it and people who use it probably shouldn't use it anymore (if only for its low speed)

 15:28 <juliank> I agree with schopin's comment I think

 15:29 <juliank> But I feel I don't have full context

 15:29 <adrien> and we couldn't find an objective way/metric/whatever to decide whether we should try to include such a change or not

 15:29 <adrien> is there anything specific you think you're missing?

 15:30 <juliank> I don't grok the bug fully yet

 15:30 <vorlon> adrien: is this an SRU that's already in the queue?

 15:31 <vorlon> this is the sort of thing you will certainly need to get feedback specifically from the SRU team on

 15:32 <adrien> vorlon: no, ad we dropped that specific change from the upcoming SRU

 15:32 <vorlon> my gut reaction is "oops we broke compatibility with older stuff; but it's been in the stable release for 1.5y so it is what it is"

 15:32 <vorlon> which seems to be the way you're leaning

 15:35 <slyon> discourse is back up: feel free to paste your weekly status reports: https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/foundations-team-updates-thursday-26-oct-2023/39759

 15:35 <schopin> damnit, now I'm going to have to write it up!

 15:35 <vorlon> oh damn ^^ that

 15:35 <vorlon> I thought I was off the hook! :)

 15:44 <juliank> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)