== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team meeting, started by juliank, 30 Nov at 16:01 &mdash; 16:37 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2023/ubuntu-meeting.2023-11-30-16.01.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning rounds ===

Discussion started by juliank at 16:01.

 * ''LINK:'' https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/foundations-team-updates-thursday-30-november-2023/   (juliank, 16:01)

=== Release incoming bugs ===

Discussion started by juliank at 16:10.

 * ''LINK:'' http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-nn-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs   (juliank, 16:11)
 * ''LINK:'' (ish) rls-mm-incoming-bug-tasks.html  (juliank, 16:28)

=== Team proposed-migration report ===

Discussion started by juliank at 16:34.


=== AOB ===

Discussion started by juliank at 16:36.




== People present (lines said) ==

 * juliank (42)
 * schopin (8)
 * bdmurray (6)
 * enr0n (4)
 * bdrung (3)
 * meetingology (2)
 * adrien (2)
 * ravikant_ (1)
 * zhsj (1)
 * dviererbe (1)
 * ginggs (1)



== Full log ==


 16:01 <juliank> #startmeeting Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team

 16:01 <meetingology> Meeting started at 16:01:32 UTC.  The chair is juliank.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 16:01 <bdrung> \o

 16:01 <juliank> #topic Lightning rounds

 16:01 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 16:01 <bdmurray> o/

 16:01 <ravikant_> o/

 16:01 <juliank> #link https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/foundations-team-updates-thursday-30-november-2023/

 16:05 <zhsj> o/

 16:06 <bdmurray> I have no questions

 16:07 <juliank> People are still writing :)

 16:08 <bdmurray> Then my question is why?

 16:08 <schopin> Because we always think we have enough time, even though we clearly don't.

 16:10 <dviererbe> o/

 16:10 <bdmurray> dviererbe: what is a "release timeline tool"?

 16:10 <juliank> #topic Release incoming bugs

 16:11 <juliank> #link http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-nn-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 16:11 <juliank> (sorry real links are internal right now)

 16:11 <bdmurray> I'll sort it today.

 16:11 <juliank> bug 2044623 we are basically done already

 16:11 <juliank> This will get fixed with 2.12 final shortly

 16:12 <juliank> bug 1969394 I think is desktop

 16:12 <juliank> bug 2042790 - schopin

 16:13 <schopin> Oh right, that. Yes, we should do that.

 16:13 <schopin> (it's already somewhere in my todolist)

 16:14 <juliank> schopin: I'll go tag and target it anyhow

 16:14 <schopin> thanks :)

 16:14 <juliank> bug 2043713 I suppose is more armhf security gcc flag fallout?

 16:15 <juliank> ah yes I remember

 16:16 <juliank> So the issue is that valgrind doesn't support the right stack layout or something I read earlier today

 16:16 <adrien> "maybe"? tbh I didn't try to fully understand the root cause

 16:17 <bdrung> this should be the -fstack-clash-protection issue

 16:23 <juliank> bug 2045250

 16:24 <schopin> fheimes was notified about that bug off-band, and figured we'd want to fix this *before* we get customer complaints :)

 16:24 <juliank> sounds gtm

 16:24 <adrien> (for fstack-clash-protection: asked the security team again over mattermost, and will maybe switch to another communication channel if I don't get an answer)

 16:25 <juliank> tagging todo

 16:25 <juliank> bug 2015538

 16:25 <juliank> seems SEG is interested now

 16:26 <juliank> Let's skip that

 16:26 <schopin> Why is this on Foundations' radar? The MIR has been filed by Desktop.

 16:26 <juliank> dbus is foundations

 16:26 <juliank> like dbus-daemon is right now, so dbus-broker should be when it replaces it

 16:27 <schopin> Oh and there's an issue of reimplementing a missing feature, which would be for us to do according to slyon.

 16:27 <juliank> bug 2017401 I do not know what to do right now and I'm supposed to write a spec on this I think but need to find notes from Riga

 16:28 <juliank> Need to get to January to reconnect with vor_lon

 16:28 <juliank> #link (ish) rls-mm-incoming-bug-tasks.html

 16:28 <juliank> bug 2041518

 16:28 <juliank> this is for desktop

 16:29 <juliank> bug 2041831

 16:31 <juliank> I believe this seems like a pygobject issue for desktop to investigate, probably a type declared wrong somewhere?

 16:31 <juliank> I left comment to that effect on the bug

 16:31 <juliank> That's all for mm, ff is empty too, we only have one bug  left for jj

 16:31 <juliank> bug 2039083

 16:32 <juliank> enr0n: systemd-networkd blocks on empty list when waiting for online ifaces in jammy it says

 16:33 <enr0n> juliank: this is a can of worms. We need to implement our network-online spec basically.

 16:33 <enr0n> systemd-networkd-wait-online is behaving correctly in that case, but people have been used to it being a no-op basically for a while

 16:33 <enr0n> but I should comment on that so I will do so

 16:34 <juliank> OK I'll leave that with you

 16:34 <schopin> so, basically, they're holding it wrong?

 16:34 <juliank> #topic Team proposed-migration report

 16:34 <juliank> Unfortunately we don't have good data from last week and it's going to take forever to get through the list so...

 16:34 <juliank> I propose we skip this in the meeting and create an epic tomorrow with tasks in it

 16:34 <juliank> Then everyone can just pick one

 16:35 <bdrung> sounds like a good plan.

 16:36 <juliank> #topic AOB

 16:36 <enr0n> I will be out tomorrow

 16:36 <bdmurray> As will I

 16:36 <ginggs> me too

 16:37 <juliank> Alright, that wraps this up I suppose

 16:37 <juliank> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)