== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team meeting, started by jawn-smith, 16 Feb at 16:00 &mdash; 16:40 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2023/ubuntu-meeting.2023-02-16-16.00.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== Release incoming bugs ===

Discussion started by jawn-smith at 16:10.

 * ''LINK:'' https://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ll-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs   (jawn-smith, 16:10)
 * ''LINK:'' https://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-jj-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs   (jawn-smith, 16:17)

=== AOB ===

Discussion started by jawn-smith at 16:22.

 * ''LINK:'' https://merges.ubuntu.com/main.html?query=foundations-bugs&showProposed=true&showMergeNeeded=true   (ginggs, 16:24)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * jawn-smith (46)
 * slyon (8)
 * juliank (4)
 * zhsj (3)
 * ginggs (3)
 * meetingology (2)
 * bdmurray (2)
 * ogayot (1)
 * adrien (1)
 * bdrung (1)
 * liushuyu (1)
 * sil2100 (1)



== Full log ==


 16:00 <jawn-smith> #startmeeting Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team

 16:00 <meetingology> Meeting started at 16:00:49 UTC.  The chair is jawn-smith.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 16:00 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 16:01 <ogayot> o/

 16:01 <adrien> moin

 16:01 <jawn-smith> The weekly status is here: https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/foundations-team-updates-thursday-16-february-2023/33954

 16:01 <jawn-smith> Let's all take our usual time to read and ask questions

 16:01 <zhsj> o/

 16:07 <juliank> I was busy meeting and did not manage to write status. boot work, almost all boot work, or stuff I forgot about I suppose :(

 16:08 <jawn-smith> bdmurray is there a separate QA status this week?

 16:08 <bdmurray> Working on the autopkgtest environment

 16:09 <jawn-smith> Okay any other questions?

 16:10 <jawn-smith> #topic Release incoming bugs

 16:10 <jawn-smith> #link https://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ll-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 16:10 <jawn-smith> long list today

 16:10 <jawn-smith> bug 2003331

 16:10 <jawn-smith> Looks like we've discussed this one previously

 16:10 * jawn-smith reads old logs

 16:11 <jawn-smith> Ah, it's a desktop issue

 16:11 <jawn-smith> bug 2002871

 16:12 <jawn-smith> welp, waveform was working on this but he's not able to make this meeting today

 16:12 <jawn-smith> Anyone else feel like picking this up?

 16:13 <zhsj> let me try

 16:13 <jawn-smith> zhsj: thanks!

 16:13 <zhsj> i think i've read the pkgbinarymangler before

 16:13 <jawn-smith> Awesome, appreciate you volunteering

 16:13 <jawn-smith> oh the next 3 bugs are the same bug

 16:13 <jawn-smith> bug 2007279

 16:14 <slyon> yes. It's 2 new MIRs that we need for devscripts migration

 16:14 <jawn-smith> slyon: do we need to assign this to someone?

 16:14 <slyon> I did the pre-investigation. It should be MIR for two tiny perl modules

 16:14 <slyon> do we have any volunteers?

 16:15 <slyon> bdrung: did some work on devscripts recently...

 16:15 <slyon> would you be interested in driving those?

 16:15 <jawn-smith> There might also be some newer hires that haven't had a chance to work MIRs

 16:15 <bdrung> only on the python script inside there

 16:15 <jawn-smith> if we want to get them that experience

 16:16 <liushuyu> Maybe I can try ...?

 16:16 <jawn-smith> Awesome, thanks for volunteering

 16:17 <jawn-smith> so slyon can you adjust the LP bug to reflect this?

 16:17 <slyon> jawn-smith: will do

 16:17 <jawn-smith> Thanks!

 16:17 <jawn-smith> That's it for ll then

 16:17 <jawn-smith> kk is empty again \o/

 16:17 <jawn-smith> #link https://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-jj-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 16:18 <jawn-smith> bug 1063589

 16:18 <jawn-smith> We discussed this before

 16:19 <jawn-smith> bdmurray: you were going to investigate this one right?

 16:19 <bdmurray> That was my intent yes

 16:19 <jawn-smith> Is that still your intent?

 16:20 <jawn-smith> Sounds like yes

 16:20 <jawn-smith> Moving on then

 16:20 <jawn-smith> bug 1999345

 16:20 <jawn-smith> juliank: any updates here?

 16:20 <jawn-smith> Still with security?

 16:21 <juliank> no updates

 16:21 <jawn-smith> Okay then, nothing for us to do

 16:21 <juliank> Will talk to chris about it at some meeting I suppose

 16:22 <jawn-smith> Sounds like we're going to skip proposed-migration this week due to the state of the queues

 16:22 <jawn-smith> #topic AOB

 16:22 <jawn-smith> let's talk about merges/FTBFS

 16:22 <jawn-smith> ginggs:

 16:23 <ginggs> i think all the FTBFS were assigned

 16:24 * juliank needs to merge fwupd-efi but also doesn't want to do it before the point release and it goes into all releases anyhow so it's not strictly feature freeze relevant

 16:24 <ginggs> outstanding merges are here

 16:24 <ginggs> https://merges.ubuntu.com/main.html?query=foundations-bugs&showProposed=true&showMergeNeeded=true

 16:25 <slyon> ^ this status isn't really up to date

 16:25 <slyon> (e.g. it doesn't show my procps merge, which is currently in proposed)

 16:29 <jawn-smith> We've had some offline discussion and have some actions to take for the merges

 16:29 <jawn-smith> Other things: Monday is a US holiday

 16:30 <jawn-smith> Not next week but the week after (Feb 27) I'll be out most of the week

 16:32 <sil2100> Another heads up: remember the 22.04.2 pre-release time is happening!

 16:40 <jawn-smith> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)