== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status meeting, started by cpaelzer, 12 Dec at 15:30 &mdash; 15:46 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2023/ubuntu-meeting.2023-12-12-15.30.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== current component mismatches ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 15:32.

 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg   (cpaelzer, 15:32)
 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg   (cpaelzer, 15:32)

=== New MIRs ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 15:37.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=NEW&field.status%3Alist=CONFIRMED&assignee_option=none&field.assignee=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (cpaelzer, 15:37)

=== Incomplete bugs / questions ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 15:39.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (cpaelzer, 15:39)

=== Process/Documentation improvements ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 15:41.

 * ''LINK:'' https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/pulls   (cpaelzer, 15:42)
 * ''LINK:'' https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/issues   (cpaelzer, 15:42)

=== MIR related Security Review Queue ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 15:42.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-security/+bugs?field.searchtext=%5BMIR%5D&assignee_option=choose&field.assignee=ubuntu-security&field.bug_reporter=&field.bug_commenter=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (cpaelzer, 15:42)
 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-security/+bugs?field.searchtext=[MIR]&assignee_option=choose&field.assignee=ubuntu-security&field.bug_reporter=&field.bug_commenter=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (cpaelzer, 15:42)
 * ''LINK:'' https://warthogs.atlassian.net/jira/software/c/projects/SEC/boards/594   (cpaelzer, 15:42)

=== Any other business? ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 15:45.




== People present (lines said) ==

 * cpaelzer (69)
 * sarnold (15)
 * meetingology (2)
 * seb128 (2)
 * jbicha (1)



== Full log ==


 15:30 <cpaelzer> #startmeeting Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status

 15:30 <meetingology> Meeting started at 15:30:08 UTC.  The chair is cpaelzer.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 15:30 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 15:30 <cpaelzer> Ping for MIR meeting - didrocks joalif slyon sarnold cpaelzer jamespage ( eslerm dviererbe )

 15:30 <cpaelzer> Let us check who is still around this week ...

 15:31 <cpaelzer> wow I didn't expect that level of silence ... double checking the time

 15:31 <cpaelzer> ok, in this case there won't be much discussion

 15:31 <sarnold> good morning

 15:31 <cpaelzer> let me run through things quickly for the log to exist and as it is the last chance before holiday time to catch something urgent

 15:32 <cpaelzer> ah, hi seth - glad to not be alone :-)

 15:32 <sarnold> same :D

 15:32 <cpaelzer> #topic current component mismatches

 15:32 <cpaelzer> Mission: Identify required actions and spread the load among the teams

 15:32 <cpaelzer> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg

 15:32 <cpaelzer> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg

 15:32 <cpaelzer> dkim is worked on

 15:32 <cpaelzer> cryptx being the last that I've seen filed

 15:32 <cpaelzer> prompter is worked on as well accoridng to last weeks comment

 15:32 <cpaelzer> actually new (or I fail to remember) would be

 15:33 <cpaelzer> nut -> libmodbus

 15:33 <sarnold> seems new to me too

 15:33 <cpaelzer> pipewire -> roc-toolkit + speexdsp

 15:33 <sarnold> roc-toolkit seems familiar but not in /lastlog :(

 15:34 <cpaelzer> well let us ping jbicha and seb128 for awareness on piprewire

 15:34 <cpaelzer> nut is with server, so I need to raise this in the team

 15:34 <jbicha> yes, seb128 is working through pipewire/roc-toolkit

 15:34 <cpaelzer> ok, that is enough for us to know atm - thanks jbicha

 15:35 <seb128> cpaelzer, we are, I started writting MIRs today but I'm unsure now if we rather want those to universe

 15:35 <seb128> the libs are not actively maintained and lack tests so I expect the MIR to be work there

 15:36 <cpaelzer> in this case I'd also expect them to better stay in universe

 15:36 <cpaelzer> or step up and add the maintenance and QA to feel confident

 15:36 <cpaelzer> for nut I filed https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/nut/+bug/2046263

 15:37 <cpaelzer> ok, good here for now

 15:37 <cpaelzer> was worth to identify those

 15:37 <cpaelzer> next ...

 15:37 <cpaelzer> #topic New MIRs

 15:37 <cpaelzer> Mission: ensure to assign all incoming reviews for fast processing

 15:37 <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=NEW&field.status%3Alist=CONFIRMED&assignee_option=none&field.assignee=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 15:38 <cpaelzer> It seems all but me are gone and sarnold is better used on seucrity reviews :-) And I can't do three of them

 15:38 <cpaelzer> picking libcryptx as I at least know a bit of the context

 15:39 <cpaelzer> The rest has to wait until next time (2024 I guess)

 15:39 <cpaelzer> #topic Incomplete bugs / questions

 15:39 <cpaelzer> Mission: Identify required actions and spread the load among the teams

 15:39 <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 15:40 <cpaelzer> There also is https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/isc-dhcp/+bug/2045771 which jumped right into Won't Fix intentionally, but raising it for wareeness

 15:40 <sarnold> I wonder if the maas team knows it's going away?

 15:40 <cpaelzer> They know for more than a year

 15:40 <sarnold> excellent. sort of.

 15:40 <cpaelzer> and had committed to get rid of their dependency

 15:41 <cpaelzer> On https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/dbus-broker/+bug/2015538 TBH as I read it everybody hoped the others have time

 15:41 <cpaelzer> that is unlikely to work out :-/

 15:41 <sarnold> yeah :(

 15:41 <cpaelzer> The two of us here won't fix that today

 15:41 <cpaelzer> going on

 15:41 <cpaelzer> #topic Process/Documentation improvements

 15:42 <cpaelzer> Mission: Review pending process/documentation pull-requests or issues

 15:42 <cpaelzer> #link https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/pulls

 15:42 <cpaelzer> #link https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/issues

 15:42 <cpaelzer> nothing new here

 15:42 <cpaelzer> #topic MIR related Security Review Queue

 15:42 <cpaelzer> Mission: Check on progress, do deadlines seem doable?

 15:42 <cpaelzer> Some clients can only work with one, some with the other escaping - the URLs point to the same place.

 15:42 <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-security/+bugs?field.searchtext=%5BMIR%5D&assignee_option=choose&field.assignee=ubuntu-security&field.bug_reporter=&field.bug_commenter=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 15:42 <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-security/+bugs?field.searchtext=[MIR]&assignee_option=choose&field.assignee=ubuntu-security&field.bug_reporter=&field.bug_commenter=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 15:42 <cpaelzer> Internal link

 15:42 <cpaelzer> - ensure your teams items are prioritized among each other as you'd expect

 15:42 <cpaelzer> - ensure community requests do not get stomped by teams calling for favors too much

 15:42 <cpaelzer> #link https://warthogs.atlassian.net/jira/software/c/projects/SEC/boards/594

 15:42 <cpaelzer> sarnold: https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/libgssglue/+bug/2044535 entered this just minutes ago

 15:42 <cpaelzer> do you need to manually do something to make it appear in Jira too?

 15:43 <sarnold> we've had success contacting the libmysofa maintainer using non-canonical infrastructure, there's encouraging sounds there; and there's some progress on the perl MIRs that are in flight, we've had some success with fuzzing and other tools :)

 15:43 <sarnold> sweet!

 15:43 <cpaelzer> wow, that sounds all good

 15:44 <cpaelzer> let us make sure this energy isn't lost while everyone gets their deserved downtime

 15:44 <sarnold> yes and yes :)

 15:44 <cpaelzer> might I ask - fuzzing as in "fuzzed and good" or in "fuzzed and 2034723823 bugs to fix first" ?

 15:44 <sarnold> probably more like the former

 15:45 <cpaelzer> glad to hear that on mysofa btw

 15:45 <cpaelzer> ok, all fine for the time being

 15:45 <cpaelzer> #topic Any other business?

 15:45 <sarnold> response text = {"errorMessages":[],"errors":{"description":"The entered text is too long. It exceeds the allowed limit of 32,767 characters."}}

 15:45 <sarnold> heh :( stupid jira

 15:45 <cpaelzer> I already brought up the isc-dhcp case above

 15:45 <cpaelzer> nothing else

 15:45 <sarnold> nothing else from me

 15:45 <cpaelzer> ok, let us win 10-15 minutes then

 15:46 <cpaelzer> please enjoy the downtime sarnold!

 15:46 <sarnold> cpaelzer: you too :)

 15:46 <cpaelzer> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)