== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team meeting, started by bdrung, 16 Nov at 16:07 &mdash; 17:14 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2023/ubuntu-meeting.2023-11-16-16.07.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning rounds ===

Discussion started by bdrung at 16:07.

 * ''LINK:'' https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/foundations-team-updates-thursday-16-november-2023/40285   (bdrung, 16:08)

=== Release incoming bugs ===

Discussion started by bdrung at 16:13.

 * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-mm-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs   (bdrung, 16:13)
 * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ll-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs   (bdrung, 16:35)
 * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-jj-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs   (bdrung, 16:35)
 * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ff-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs   (bdrung, 16:37)

=== Team proposed-migration report ===

Discussion started by bdrung at 16:39.

 * ''LINK:'' https://ubuntu-archive-team.ubuntu.com/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs   (bdrung, 16:39)

=== AOB ===

Discussion started by bdrung at 16:55.

 * ''LINK:'' https://merges.ubuntu.com/main.html?query=foundations-bugs   (ginggs, 16:56)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * bdrung (49)
 * enr0n (4)
 * ogayot (3)
 * ginggs (3)
 * meetingology (2)
 * danilogondolfo (2)
 * adrien (2)
 * juliank (2)
 * Skia (1)
 * pushkarnk (1)
 * dbungert (1)



== Full log ==


 16:07 <bdrung> #startmeeting Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team

 16:07 <meetingology> Meeting started at 16:07:53 UTC.  The chair is bdrung.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 16:07 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 16:07 <bdrung> #topic Lightning rounds

 16:08 <bdrung> #link https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/foundations-team-updates-thursday-16-november-2023/40285

 16:13 <bdrung> looks like there are no questions. continuing...

 16:13 <bdrung> #topic Release incoming bugs

 16:13 <bdrung> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-mm-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 16:14 <bdrung> bug #2041699

 16:14 <bdrung> that looks like a bug we should look into

 16:15 <bdrung> any objections to tag this bug foundations-todo?

 16:16 <enr0n> I can look into it, so yes please tag

 16:16 <bdrung> tagged

 16:17 <bdrung> bug #2041518

 16:17 <bdrung> that's for the desktop team (gtk+3.0). moving on.

 16:17 <bdrung> bug #2041830

 16:26 <bdrung> tagging this bug, mkukri please look into it if you have time.

 16:27 <bdrung> bug #2041831

 16:30 <bdrung> opinions on that bug?

 16:35 <bdrung> okay. let's keep it until next week.

 16:35 <bdrung> the remaining two are also bugs from the top 10 crashes. let's skip them for now.

 16:35 <bdrung> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ll-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 16:35 <bdrung> nothing for us. moving on.

 16:35 <bdrung> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-jj-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 16:36 <bdrung> bug #2041733

 16:36 <danilogondolfo> hm I replied that one, I think the tag should be removed

 16:36 <danilogondolfo> it's not a bug, it's a new feature

 16:37 <bdrung> okay. removing tag.

 16:37 <bdrung> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ff-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 16:38 <bdrung> nothing for us, but there are 12 bugs classified as "unknown"

 16:38 <ogayot> I get NoSuchKey when clicking on some of the autopkgtest logs

 16:38 <bdrung> moving on

 16:39 <bdrung> #topic Team proposed-migration report

 16:39 <bdrung> #link https://ubuntu-archive-team.ubuntu.com/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs

 16:40 <adrien> gnutls, I'm working on it; it's basically ready but I need to submit it still

 16:41 <Skia> ogayot: the NoSuchKey bug is known, and I believe there is currently a long running script to fix that

 16:41 <ogayot> Skia: ack, thanks!

 16:43 <bdrung> glibc, let's assume schopin will work on that one

 16:44 <bdrung> numpy is part of glibc

 16:44 <bdrung> apt, let's assign that to juliank

 16:45 <pushkarnk> I can take java-common

 16:45 <bdrung> java-common, pushkarnk

 16:46 <ogayot> I'll take nvme-stas

 16:46 <bdrung> DJones: libauthen-sasl-perl

 16:47 <bdrung> danilogondolfo, libio-prompter-perl

 16:47 <bdrung> adrien, liblog-any-perl

 16:48 <enr0n> waveform: ^

 16:48 <bdrung> liushuyu, libstring-license-perl

 16:48 <bdrung> waveform (not DJones), libauthen-sasl-perl

 16:49 <bdrung> ginggs, libuv1

 16:50 <ginggs> ack

 16:50 <bdrung> dbungert, man-db

 16:50 <bdrung> ogayot, nvme-stas

 16:50 <adrien> I vote for removing perl altogether, and get 10 times fewer migration issues :P

 16:50 <dbungert> I'll do best effort for man-db but I'm out of office for the next 6 work days

 16:51 <bdrung> enr0n, livecd-rootfs

 16:51 <bdrung> bdrung, python-tz

 16:52 <bdrung> mkukri, xz-utils

 16:53 <enr0n> bdrung: xz-utils it blocked by livecd-rootfs, so that's kind of a duplicate

 16:54 <bdrung> enr0n, then you'll get wget

 16:54 <enr0n> bdrung: ack

 16:55 <bdrung> moving on

 16:55 <bdrung> #topic AOB

 16:56 <ginggs> Merge Party!

 16:56 <juliank> thanks for running the meeting bdrung, much appreciated

 16:56 <bdrung> juliank, you're welcome

 16:56 <ginggs> https://merges.ubuntu.com/main.html?query=foundations-bugs

 16:59 <juliank> please make sure mkukri gets 1-2

 17:12 <bdrung> so, if you haven't some merges assigned to you, please pick one or two until next week.

 17:14 <bdrung> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)