== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status meeting, started by cpaelzer, 24 Jan at 15:29 &mdash; 15:49 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2023/ubuntu-meeting.2023-01-24-15.29.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== current component mismatches ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 15:29.

 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg   (cpaelzer, 15:29)
 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg   (cpaelzer, 15:29)
 * ''LINK:'' https://git.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-core-dev/ubuntu-seeds/+git/ubuntu/commit/?id=b3965da8202acba79153429b1ff36f2d7f385238   (cpaelzer, 15:31)

=== New MIRs ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 15:34.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=NEW&field.status%3Alist=CONFIRMED&assignee_option=none&field.assignee=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (cpaelzer, 15:34)
 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/cpdb-backend-file/+bug/2003272   (cpaelzer, 15:37)
 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/cups-filters/+bug/2003259   (cpaelzer, 15:37)
 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/rich/+bug/2003570   (cpaelzer, 15:39)
 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/colord/+bug/821883   (cpaelzer, 15:39)

=== Incomplete bugs / questions ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 15:42.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (cpaelzer, 15:42)

=== MIR related Security Review Queue ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 15:43.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-security/+bugs?field.searchtext=%5BMIR%5D&assignee_option=choose&field.assignee=ubuntu-security&field.bug_reporter=&field.bug_commenter=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (cpaelzer, 15:43)
 * ''LINK:'' https://warthogs.atlassian.net/jira/software/c/projects/SEC/boards/594   (cpaelzer, 15:43)

=== Any other business? ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 15:47.




== People present (lines said) ==

 * cpaelzer (77)
 * sarnold (11)
 * slyon (10)
 * joalif (5)
 * didrocks (5)
 * eslerm (4)
 * meetingology (2)
 * jamespage (1)



== Full log ==


 15:29 <cpaelzer> #startmeeting Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status

 15:29 <meetingology> Meeting started at 15:29:33 UTC.  The chair is cpaelzer.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 15:29 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 15:29 <cpaelzer> Ping for MIR meeting - didrocks joalif slyon sarnold cpaelzer jamespage

 15:29 <cpaelzer> #topic current component mismatches

 15:29 <cpaelzer> Mission: Identify required actions and spread the load among the teams

 15:29 <cpaelzer> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg

 15:29 <slyon> o/

 15:29 <cpaelzer> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg

 15:29 <cpaelzer> I started early, but no rush - take your time

 15:30 <jamespage> o/

 15:30 <eslerm> hi all o/

 15:30 <joalif> o/

 15:30 <didrocks> hey

 15:31 <cpaelzer> broadcom-sta is a seed change

 15:31 <cpaelzer> https://git.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-core-dev/ubuntu-seeds/+git/ubuntu/commit/?id=b3965da8202acba79153429b1ff36f2d7f385238

 15:32 <cpaelzer> seems to be a rename, at least that is what is indicated

 15:32 <sarnold> good morning

 15:32 <cpaelzer> but either way we can be sure that xnox knows what needs to be done, so I'd not act on it yet

 15:32 <cpaelzer> -proposed is a bit more crowded

 15:33 <cpaelzer> ruby3.1 is there which is a transition that was started and the usual versioned source (no new MIR needed)

 15:33 <cpaelzer> everything else that is new I can see has MIRs or stub-MIRs

 15:33 <cpaelzer> so we will see it in the later stages of this meeting

 15:33 <cpaelzer> no need to add more

 15:34 <slyon> ack

 15:34 <cpaelzer> #topic New MIRs

 15:34 <cpaelzer> Mission: ensure to assign all incoming reviews for fast processing

 15:34 <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=NEW&field.status%3Alist=CONFIRMED&assignee_option=none&field.assignee=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 15:35 <cpaelzer> the first is a false positive

 15:35 <cpaelzer> as someone added ceilometer to track

 15:35 <cpaelzer> that is actually in security queue

 15:35 <slyon> I volunteer to review the log4cplus MIR (as I just handled the parent MIR today)

 15:35 <slyon> we should assigned some team to the ceilometer component, to make it go away from our list..

 15:36 <cpaelzer> thanks for the voluntee slyon

 15:37 <cpaelzer> and yes I grabbed ceilometer and marked it incomplete

 15:37 <cpaelzer> there are more of the printing stack which I was reviewing a bit recently

 15:37 <cpaelzer> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/cpdb-backend-file/+bug/2003272

 15:37 <cpaelzer> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/cups-filters/+bug/2003259

 15:38 <didrocks> Iâ€™m happy to take the printing ones

 15:38 <didrocks> unsure it will be fun, but meh :)

 15:38 <joalif> i can take markdown-it-py

 15:39 <cpaelzer> I'll tkae unicode

 15:39 <cpaelzer> so we all grabbed one or two already

 15:39 <cpaelzer> and BTW I've seen many of you complete their reviews of last week

 15:39 <cpaelzer> thanks

 15:39 <cpaelzer> what is left is

 15:39 <cpaelzer> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/rich/+bug/2003570

 15:39 <cpaelzer> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/colord/+bug/821883

 15:40 <joalif> i can take rich

 15:40 <slyon> python-rich will be a dependency of netplan, soonish

 15:40 <cpaelzer> argyll / colord might be a false positive from tacking again

 15:40 <cpaelzer> assigning rich to joalif - thanks

 15:40 <slyon> I can investigate argyll

 15:41 <cpaelzer> Oh I've just read enough of that case

 15:41 <cpaelzer> it is colord re-enabling argyll

 15:41 <cpaelzer> so the recent merge

 15:41 <cpaelzer> made it hit a mismatch

 15:41 <cpaelzer> maybe we just need to ping RAOF before we go full review?

 15:41 <didrocks> yeah, let me write on the MIR and assign to him

 15:42 <cpaelzer> thanks

 15:42 <slyon> thx

 15:42 <cpaelzer> #topic Incomplete bugs / questions

 15:42 <cpaelzer> Mission: Identify required actions and spread the load among the teams

 15:42 <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 15:42 <cpaelzer> nothing new in here we didn't have under control

 15:43 <cpaelzer> #topic MIR related Security Review Queue

 15:43 <cpaelzer> Mission: Check on progress, do deadlines seem doable?

 15:43 <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-security/+bugs?field.searchtext=%5BMIR%5D&assignee_option=choose&field.assignee=ubuntu-security&field.bug_reporter=&field.bug_commenter=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 15:43 <cpaelzer> Internal link

 15:43 <cpaelzer> - ensure your teams items are prioritized among each other as you'd expect

 15:43 <cpaelzer> - ensure community requests do not get stomped by teams calling for favors too much

 15:43 <cpaelzer> #link https://warthogs.atlassian.net/jira/software/c/projects/SEC/boards/594

 15:43 <cpaelzer> sarnold: I see Mark E complete a lot, thanks to him

 15:43 <sarnold> yes :) he's been doing great

 15:43 <cpaelzer> sarnold: how do your reviews and further people joining you go on?

 15:43 <sarnold> we've also had good traction with the editorconfig-core upstream \o/

 15:43 <eslerm> thanks, I'll be joining these meetings from now on

 15:43 <sarnold> woot!

 15:44 <cpaelzer> 13 backlog, 1 todo, 4 in progress

 15:44 <sarnold> cpaelzer: I alas haven't started in on my most recent assigned review yet :( ccdm94 has started in on xdp-tools

 15:44 <cpaelzer> we today assigned a bunch of MIRs I'd expect 2-3 of them to land there as well

 15:45 <slyon> isc-kea is a big one in the security queue as of today. (but "only" needed for 23.10)

 15:45 <eslerm> iiuc, AlexB, Seth, and I are assigning out MIRs to other Security Team members this week

 15:45 <cpaelzer> so I'd expect at least an overall of 13+1+4+~3 = 22 for ~4 weeks

 15:45 <cpaelzer> I know in theory these can land after FF

 15:45 <cpaelzer> but let us strive for feature freeze - if we even plan for FFEs why have it in the first place

 15:45 <sarnold> slyon: but with such an important package it'd be nice to get more than one interim release on it before an lts

 15:46 <cpaelzer> thanks eslerm for assigning to others

 15:46 <cpaelzer> slyon: sarnold: which is what we will have 23.04 + 23.10 before 24.04

 15:46 <sarnold> anyway, I'm feeling more optimistic than usual :)

 15:46 <slyon> ack

 15:46 <cpaelzer> slyon: also kea is one of those where security will be happy as it should be better to keep secure than the alternative

 15:46 <cpaelzer> so there is extra motivation

 15:46 <cpaelzer> btw slyon thanks for the extra hints what to look at

 15:47 <cpaelzer> none of them are blockers, but they were great to be brought up

 15:47 <sarnold> and isc has been a good upstream for bind and ye olde dhcp packages

 15:47 <cpaelzer> sarnold: ok, so I hear you and eslerm rock and you will soon have Alex and others to tackle it as well

 15:47 <cpaelzer> that shall be enough for today I'd think

 15:47 <cpaelzer> #topic Any other business?

 15:48 <cpaelzer> nothing from me

 15:48 <sarnold> none here

 15:48 <didrocks> nothing for me

 15:48 <joalif> nothing

 15:48 <eslerm> same :)

 15:48 <slyon> nothing

 15:48 <cpaelzer> ok thank you, for discussions, for continuous reviews and for coordination here and in general

 15:48 <cpaelzer> if ever you feel bad do either of

 15:48 <sarnold> thanks cpaelzer, all :)

 15:48 <cpaelzer> a) suggest improvements

 15:48 <cpaelzer> b) remember how it was before we stepped up and have driven it this way

 15:48 <cpaelzer> :-)

 15:48 <sarnold> :D

 15:48 <cpaelzer> see you all next week

 15:48 <joalif> thanks cpaelzer, all :)

 15:49 <cpaelzer> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)