== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Developer Membership Board meeting, started by kanashiro, 04 Sep at 19:05 &mdash; 19:25 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2023/ubuntu-meeting.2023-09-04-19.05.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== Ubuntu Contributing Developer Application - Vladimir Petko ===

Discussion started by kanashiro at 19:07.

 * ''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/vpa1977/ContributingDeveloperApplication   (kanashiro, 19:08)
 * ''VOTE:'' Ubuntu Contributing Developer Application - Vladimir Petko (Carried)  (kanashiro, 19:15)
 * ''ACTION:'' Robie to announce Vladmit Petko successfull application  (kanashiro, 19:18)

=== Review of previous action items ===

Discussion started by kanashiro at 19:20.

 * '''teward follow up to get all application process wiki/docs to explain the process to be able to edit wiki pages, for applicants who don't yet have wiki edit access'''  (kanashiro, 19:20)
 * '''rbasak to document the decision on Keeping IRC meetings moving'''  (kanashiro, 19:21)
  * ''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/DeveloperMembershipBoard/KnowledgeBase#General_progress_during_meetings   (kanashiro, 19:22)

=== AOB? ===

Discussion started by kanashiro at 19:22.




== Vote results ==

 * [[https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2023/ubuntu-meeting.2023-09-04-19.05.log.html#23|Ubuntu Contributing Developer Application - Vladimir Petko]]
  * Motion carried (For: 4, Against: 0, Abstained: 0)
   * Voters: rbasak, seb128, kanashiro, sil2100



== People present (lines said) ==

 * kanashiro (32)
 * meetingology (13)
 * seb128 (11)
 * rbasak (11)
 * vpa1977 (4)
 * sil2100 (1)



== Full log ==


 19:05 <kanashiro> #startmeeting Developer Membership Board

 19:05 <meetingology> Meeting started at 19:05:07 UTC.  The chair is kanashiro.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 19:05 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 19:05 <seb128> kanashiro, https://irclogs.ubuntu.com/2023/08/21/%23ubuntu-meeting.html is the log of the previous meeting

 19:05 <seb128> maybe following order/copying what was done would help

 19:05 <seb128> that's how I usually do it :p

 19:05 <kanashiro> seb128 thanks!

 19:06 <seb128> well, at the difference that we have an application to review today

 19:06 <kanashiro> so let's start with the application

 19:07 <kanashiro> #topic Ubuntu Contributing Developer Application - Vladimir Petko

 19:07 <kanashiro> vpa1977 could you please start introducing yourself?

 19:07 <vpa1977> Hi, my name is Vladimir, I am a software developer from Hamilton New Zealand working in Foundations Team

 19:08 <kanashiro> #link https://wiki.ubuntu.com/DeveloperMembershipBoard/Agenda#preview

 19:08 <kanashiro> #undo

 19:08 <meetingology> Removing item from minutes: LINK

 19:08 <kanashiro> #link https://wiki.ubuntu.com/vpa1977/ContributingDeveloperApplication

 19:08 <vpa1977> I am working mostly on OpenJDK-related packages, but also touch other bits of archive

 19:09 <kanashiro> vpa1977 thanks, let's open the floor for questions/considerations

 19:10 <rbasak> Welcome vpa1977!

 19:11 <rbasak> I don't think I have any questions thanks. Your application speaks for itself.

 19:13 <kanashiro> anyone willing to make yourself heard? Or should we move to the voting?

 19:13 <seb128> no question from me either, I think the endorsement and uploads listed are enough for contributingdev application

 19:13 <kanashiro> #vote Ubuntu Contributing Developer Application - Vladimir Petko

 19:13 <meetingology> Please vote on: Ubuntu Contributing Developer Application - Vladimir Petko

 19:13 <meetingology> Public votes can be registered by saying +1, -1 or +0 in channel (for private voting, private message me with 'vote +1|-1|+0 #channelname')

 19:13 <rbasak> +1

 19:13 <meetingology> +1 received from rbasak

 19:14 <seb128> +1

 19:14 <meetingology> +1 received from seb128

 19:14 <kanashiro> +1

 19:14 <meetingology> +1 received from kanashiro

 19:14 <sil2100> +1

 19:14 <meetingology> +1 received from sil2100

 19:15 <kanashiro> #endvote

 19:15 <meetingology> Voting ended on: Ubuntu Contributing Developer Application - Vladimir Petko

 19:15 <meetingology> Votes for: 4, Votes against: 0, Abstentions: 0

 19:15 <meetingology> Motion carried

 19:15 <kanashiro> congrats vpa1977 !!

 19:15 <vpa1977> Thank you!!!

 19:15 <vpa1977> =)

 19:15 <seb128> vpa1977, congrats!

 19:15 <rbasak> Incidentally, the reason I prefer handling applications on IRC is because I find realtime questions and answers very valuable to assess knowledge and capability, but none of that assessment is required for a Contributing Developer application.

 19:16 <rbasak> So while I've resisted email applications in general, in the specific case of Contributing Developer I'd be fine with doing those on the ML only, if others want to do that and provided that it actually works in practice (eg. no requests languishing forever)

 19:16 <seb128> I would be +1 with that

 19:16 <kanashiro> any volunteer for announcing this and make any adjustment needed? Not sure what is needed to be done for Contributing Developers

 19:17 <rbasak> Or, perhaps, skip the IRC meeting unless a DMB member wants the IRC meeting in a given case.

 19:17 <kanashiro> +1 for Robie's proposal

 19:17 <rbasak> I can take the actions

 19:17 <rbasak> For vpa1977

 19:18 <kanashiro> #action Robie to announce Vladmit Petko successfull application

 19:18 * meetingology Robie to announce Vladmit Petko successfull application

 19:19 <kanashiro> rbasak do you think we should share your idea via mailing list to get others to agree on that?

 19:19 <rbasak> Sure

 19:19 <seb128> thx

 19:19 <kanashiro> thanks

 19:20 <kanashiro> so let's try to cover the other items in the agenda

 19:20 <kanashiro> #topic Review of previous action items

 19:20 <kanashiro> #subtopic teward follow up to get all application process wiki/docs to explain the process to be able to edit wiki pages, for applicants who don't yet have wiki edit access

 19:20 <kanashiro> is there any update on this?

 19:21 <kanashiro> I do not think so since t_eward is not here

 19:21 <kanashiro> #subtopic rbasak to document the decision on Keeping IRC meetings moving

 19:21 <rbasak> Done

 19:22 <rbasak> At https://wiki.ubuntu.com/DeveloperMembershipBoard/KnowledgeBase#General_progress_during_meetings

 19:22 <kanashiro> I'll remove this one from the agenda, thanks rbasak

 19:22 <kanashiro> #link https://wiki.ubuntu.com/DeveloperMembershipBoard/KnowledgeBase#General_progress_during_meetings

 19:22 <kanashiro> #topic AOB?

 19:23 <seb128> not from me

 19:24 <seb128> seems not?

 19:25 <kanashiro> I do not see any outstanding email or TB open bugs to be addressed here

 19:25 <kanashiro> so I think that's it for today

 19:25 <kanashiro> thank you

 19:25 <kanashiro> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)