== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team meeting, started by juliank, 02 Mar at 16:00 &mdash; 16:42 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2023/ubuntu-meeting.2023-03-02-16.00.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== Release incoming bugs ===

Discussion started by juliank at 16:10.

 * ''LINK:'' https://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ll-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs   (juliank, 16:10)

=== proposed-migration ===

Discussion started by juliank at 16:16.

 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs   (juliank, 16:16)

=== AOB ===

Discussion started by juliank at 16:35.




== People present (lines said) ==

 * vorlon (52)
 * juliank (30)
 * liushuyu (10)
 * schopin (9)
 * dbungert (7)
 * zhsj (6)
 * slyon (5)
 * bdrung (4)
 * waveform (3)
 * bdmurray (3)
 * enr0n (3)
 * adrien (3)
 * meetingology (2)
 * ginggs (2)
 * dviererbe (2)
 * ogayot (2)
 * danilogondolfo (1)
 * xypron (1)
 * mclemenceau (1)



== Full log ==


 16:00 <juliank> #startmeeting Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team

 16:00 <meetingology> Meeting started at 16:00:47 UTC.  The chair is juliank.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 16:00 <waveform> \o

 16:00 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 16:00 <zhsj> o/

 16:01 <liushuyu> o/

 16:01 <juliank> The weekly status is here: https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/foundations-team-updates-thursday-02-march-2023/34287

 16:01 <ginggs> o/

 16:01 <slyon> o/

 16:01 <juliank> I forgot I had a meeting the past 30 minutes so mine isn't yet :(

 16:02 * bdmurray just posted his

 16:02 <dviererbe> Hello o/

 16:02 <ogayot> o/

 16:03 * juliank has posted

 16:04 <vorlon> hmm jawn-smith not here to ask about libarchive "very stuck"

 16:04 <schopin> vorlon: I picked it up

 16:05 <schopin> should be unstuck once reprepro is published (and triggered correctly)

 16:06 <vorlon> ok

 16:08 <dbungert> audio troubles, brb

 16:09 <liushuyu> do we have any proposed migrations to hand out this week?

 16:09 <juliank> later later

 16:10 <juliank> but I take it we're all done reading now

 16:10 <juliank> #topic Release incoming bugs

 16:10 <juliank> #link https://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ll-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 16:10 <juliank> bug 2008279

 16:10 <juliank> seems to be with desktop?

 16:11 <juliank> I left a comment asking

 16:11 <juliank> bug 2008789

 16:12 <juliank> there's a jira issue for this

 16:13 <juliank> I'm gonna remove the tag because it has an issue to track it internally

 16:15 <juliank> rls-kk is empty

 16:15 <juliank> rls-jj has bug 1999345 only which is unchanged status (still w/ security)

 16:16 <juliank> #topic proposed-migration

 16:16 <juliank> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs

 16:17 <juliank> libarchive I understand is going soon

 16:17 <bdrung> I'll take tzdata (since I caused it and know exactly what to do)

 16:17 <vorlon> schopin: you said libarchive should pass with a retry once "reprepro is published" which it appears to be, so I guess this is in flight and you'll resolve it soon?

 16:18 <schopin> vorlon: yes.

 16:18 <juliank> licensecheck has bug 2003083 as excuse

 16:18 <waveform> sbuild's still with me

 16:18 <vorlon> licensecheck has MIRs that were rejected

 16:18 <vorlon> I don't remember who was working on that one, liushuyu ?

 16:18 <vorlon> no, that was devscripts

 16:19 <vorlon> so I'm not sure MIRs were rejected for licensecheck at all, sorry

 16:19 <liushuyu> I was working on libdigest-md5-file-perl and libswitch-perl for devscripts

 16:19 <juliank> was adrien working on this?

 16:19 <vorlon> yes, adrien did the MIR in https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/libstring-license-perl/+bug/2003083 so this is in progress/blocked by MIR team

 16:20 <vorlon> sbuild: waveform: are you ok to continue on this one?

 16:20 <waveform> yes

 16:21 <vorlon> schopin: are you still following glibc?

 16:21 <vorlon> also dammit I just now realized I put my weekly status update in the old discourse post *again* because the link to the old post in the content is more obvious in the emails than the link to the current post

 16:21 <schopin> vorlon: yes. I have lilypond, aad-auth and python2.7 that are new failures.

 16:22 <schopin> The rest can be ignored for various reasons.

 16:23 <vorlon> I see python2.7 blocking, that's an oops from me, there was a badtest hint that I dropped prematurely

 16:23 <schopin> great, one down two to go.

 16:24 <vorlon> devscripts: *this* is the one with the rejected MIRs

 16:24 <vorlon> so it's assigned, but depends on upstream Debian discussions and isn't critical for lunar

 16:24 <bdrung> I volunteer for reviewing merge request for devscripts in Debian, but someone else should provide the patches

 16:24 <vorlon> libio-socket-ssl-perl: adrien: can you take this?

 16:24 <liushuyu> I can work on devscripts, I have the patches ready

 16:25 <vorlon> liushuyu: ack thanks

 16:25 <vorlon> tcl8.6: just needs hinted around a blacklisted autopkgtest, I'll take this

 16:25 <liushuyu> ... however I don't have an account on Debian Salsa instance

 16:25 <juliank> make one :)

 16:25 <liushuyu> I can't open an MR on it

 16:25 <vorlon> boost1.74: bdmurray: can you work on this?

 16:25 <vorlon> liushuyu: it's an awkward signup process but you should get one

 16:25 <bdrung> liushuyu, poke me once you have the MR submitted

 16:26 <vorlon> lsb: dbungert?

 16:26 <bdmurray> vorlon: I'm heading out on holiday tomorrow until the 10th-ish

 16:26 <slyon> liushuyu: otherwise you could also create a merge-proposal on launchpad against devscripts

 16:26 <vorlon> bdmurray: ack

 16:26 <dbungert> lsb is in progress, much of it is complete with retests, dpdk has a test in the queue

 16:26 <slyon> so we can at least land the fixes in Ubuntu. Going through Debian/upstream would be better, though

 16:26 <zhsj> liushuyu: just poke admin on #salsa @ oftc

 16:26 <dbungert> cyrus-impad test look like nonsense, I was condering badtest

 16:26 <enr0n> vorlon: I had libio-socket-ssl-perl last week. Just waiting on test retries.

 16:27 <vorlon> ok

 16:27 <liushuyu> juliank: The new accont creation is restricted currently. I haven't get my account approved yet

 16:27 <dbungert> danilogondolfo: did you look at lsb vs pcs or lsb vs rspamd?

 16:27 <vorlon> adrien: can you take boost1.74 then?

 16:28 <adrien> I can look at that

 16:28 <adrien> that scares me :D

 16:28 <danilogondolfo> dbungert, I did, they pass locally. I saw they were retried and failed again. I need to understand why...

 16:28 <vorlon> there's very little left to chase on boost1.74, I did most of it this week already

 16:28 <vorlon> so waveform had lsb-release-minimal but now we have lsb

 16:29 <schopin> lsb was with danilogondolfo

 16:29 <vorlon> ok

 16:29 <vorlon> cd-boot-images is blocked by kernels

 16:29 <juliank> I think it's ready I'm confirming with xnox

 16:30 <dbungert> lsb was split between danilogondolfo and myself

 16:30 <vorlon> numpy: dbungert can you take this one?

 16:30 <juliank> (we released shim already)

 16:30 <dbungert> vorlon: ack for numpy

 16:30 <vorlon> glibc blocking audit, might just need a retry

 16:30 <vorlon> audit: ginggs?

 16:31 <ginggs> sure

 16:31 <vorlon> lintian: dviererbe?

 16:31 <vorlon> simplejson: xypron?

 16:31 <xypron> ok

 16:31 <liushuyu> zhsj: will do

 16:31 <dviererbe> ok

 16:31 <vorlon> libsereal-decoder-perl: juliank?

 16:31 <liushuyu> bdrung: understood

 16:32 <juliank> ack

 16:32 <vorlon> sphinx/librsvg: slyon?

 16:32 <slyon> ok

 16:32 <vorlon> python3.11: enr0n?

 16:32 <enr0n> vorlon: ack

 16:32 <vorlon> xz-utils: ogayot?

 16:33 <vorlon> libzstd: liushuyu?

 16:33 <ogayot> vorlon: ack, I might no be able to get to it before next meeting since I'm off next week though

 16:33 <vorlon> publicsuffix: I'll take this

 16:33 <vorlon> ogayot: ok

 16:33 <liushuyu> vorlon: I can take libzstd

 16:33 <vorlon> liushuyu: thanks

 16:33 <vorlon> who's not here that should take some

 16:33 <vorlon> binutils: mwhudson

 16:33 <vorlon> kmod: vpa1977

 16:34 <vorlon> python3-stdlib-extensions: zhsj

 16:34 <zhsj> i merged kmod, so maybe me..

 16:34 <vorlon> oh

 16:34 <vorlon> yes, please take kmod and ignore python3-stdlib-extensions

 16:34 <vorlon> juliank: back to you

 16:34 <schopin> should vpa1977 take the latter one then?

 16:35 <vorlon> yes

 16:35 <juliank> #topic AOB

 16:35 <juliank> I added a task for mclemenceau to document how to optimally discover proposed-migration items in the jira workflow

 16:35 <bdmurray> I'm going on holiday until what is effectively the 13th starting tomorrow

 16:36 <slyon> I'm out tomorrow & monday

 16:36 <schopin> I'm out on Monday.

 16:36 <adrien> I'm out on tomorrow

 16:36 <juliank> Debian hard freeze is next week (the 12th), if you have stuff to upstream hurry up (and only small targeted fixes).

 16:36 <bdrung> I'll be off tomorrow and there is a local public holiday next Wednesday

 16:36 <mclemenceau> juliank: Ack ;)

 16:37 <zhsj> juliank: it's today, 10days migration :)

 16:37 <enr0n> I have a local public holiday next Tuesday

 16:37 <dbungert> what do we think about badtesting cyrus-imapd?  It looks like it has been in a bad state for some time, and I'm unsure why we un-badtested it.

 16:37 <juliank> hmm

 16:38 <vorlon> dbungert: it hasn't had a badtest hint since Apr 2022 and then only on ppc64el

 16:38 <vorlon> if it's flaky, a baseline retest (retry-autopkgtest-regressions --no-proposed) is likely better than a badtest

 16:38 <zhsj> it's timed out?

 16:39 <zhsj> maybe big package?

 16:39 <vorlon> sometimes it takes a half hour, sometimes it takes 3 hours

 16:40 <vorlon> that seems worth investigating before we throw it into long_tests

 16:42 <juliank> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)