== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team meeting, started by jawn-smith, 23 Mar at 15:00 &mdash; 15:34 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2023/ubuntu-meeting.2023-03-23-15.00.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

 * ''LINK:'' https://riscvew22.sched.com/event/128Ru/developing-containerized-risc-v-applications-with-ubuntu-heinrich-schuchardt-canonical   (xypron, 15:04)

=== Release incoming bugs ===

Discussion started by jawn-smith at 15:13.

 * ''LINK:'' https://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-jj-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs   (jawn-smith, 15:14)

=== proposed-migration ===

Discussion started by jawn-smith at 15:17.

 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs   (jawn-smith, 15:17)

=== AOB ===

Discussion started by jawn-smith at 15:30.




== People present (lines said) ==

 * jawn-smith (34)
 * slyon (9)
 * waveform (4)
 * enr0n (4)
 * schopin (3)
 * sil2100 (3)
 * meetingology (2)
 * ginggs (2)
 * dviererbe (2)
 * ogayot (2)
 * xypron (2)
 * zhsj (1)
 * bdrung (1)
 * mateus-morais (1)
 * liushuyu (1)
 * adrien (1)
 * bdmurray (1)
 * dbungert (1)
 * danilogondolfo (1)



== Full log ==


 15:00 <jawn-smith> #startmeeting Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team

 15:00 <meetingology> Meeting started at 15:00:39 UTC.  The chair is jawn-smith.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 15:00 <zhsj> o/

 15:00 <bdrung> \o

 15:00 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 15:00 <schopin> o/

 15:00 <ginggs> o/

 15:00 <dviererbe> o/

 15:00 <mateus-morais> o/

 15:01 <liushuyu> o/

 15:01 <jawn-smith> The weekly status is here: https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/foundations-team-updates-thursday-23-march-2023/34703

 15:01 <jawn-smith> Let's all take our usual time to read and ask questions

 15:01 <ogayot> o/

 15:03 <xypron> \o

 15:03 <adrien> o/

 15:03 <slyon> xypron: is there a recording/slides of your embedded world talk?

 15:03 <bdmurray> danilogondolfo: so icdiff will have a better test now?

 15:03 <jawn-smith> waveform: thanks for the image testing. Have you worked on sbuild at all?

 15:04 <waveform> not yet

 15:04 <waveform> but assuming f-k *finally* works out (fingers crossed), I should actually have some time now

 15:04 <xypron> https://riscvew22.sched.com/event/128Ru/developing-containerized-risc-v-applications-with-ubuntu-heinrich-schuchardt-canonical

 15:05 <slyon> thx!

 15:08 <dbungert> ogayot: I see you mention on the pyudev item about utf-8 partition labels, I've been wondering if the labels are in a different codepage

 15:10 <ginggs> bdmurray: upstream came up with a nice fix https://github.com/jeffkaufman/icdiff/commit/1c2a042a3c2c1041a0ec011c9f33c3ba77c06de0

 15:10 <ogayot> dbungert: I suspect \xe9 (Ã©) is the culprit, which is \xc3\xa9 in utf-8

 15:11 <danilogondolfo> bdmurray, sorry my connection is unstable here. Yes, I reached out to upstream and they quickly pushed a fix. I also created a PR for the other patch and they already merged it

 15:12 <jawn-smith> Sounds like that's all answered. Any other questions?

 15:13 <jawn-smith> #topic Release incoming bugs

 15:14 <jawn-smith> ll and kk are empty \o/

 15:14 <jawn-smith> #link https://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-jj-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 15:14 <jawn-smith> bug 1999345

 15:15 <jawn-smith> Still no updates since january

 15:15 <jawn-smith> juliank: anything for us to do? Looks like it's still with security

 15:16 <slyon> jawn-smith: juliank: looks like they whant to have some planning session at the next engineering sprint to discuss this further

 15:16 <jawn-smith> Sounds like nothing for us to do then

 15:16 <slyon> yes

 15:17 <jawn-smith> #topic proposed-migration

 15:17 <jawn-smith> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs

 15:18 <jawn-smith> sbuild is with waveform

 15:18 <jawn-smith> lmk if you want any extra eyes on anything

 15:18 <schopin> waveform: do you need help on that one?

 15:19 <waveform> schopin, I'll have a look this afternoon and see if I can remember where I got to (I think it was something in the zstd headers IIRC)

 15:19 <waveform> schopin, I'll give you a yell if I get stuck!

 15:19 <schopin> oh right, that was that issue.

 15:19 <jawn-smith> hooray teamwork

 15:19 <jawn-smith> looking at the shim-signed bug now

 15:19 <dviererbe> Does someone work on the psycopg2  https://ubuntu-archive-team.ubuntu.com/proposed-migration/update_excuses.html#psycopg2 proposed-migration?

 15:20 <jawn-smith> juliank: is this still waiting on kernel updates?

 15:21 <jawn-smith> oh sorry it looks like Julian is out

 15:21 <jawn-smith> we'll assume that's still waiting on kernel updates then and move on

 15:22 <jawn-smith> grub2 has some dependency issues

 15:22 <jawn-smith> which is apparently with Julian, so we'll leave that with him

 15:23 <jawn-smith> llvm-toolchain-15 is just waiting, so nothing to do then

 15:23 <jawn-smith> glibc

 15:23 <jawn-smith> also waiting on tests

 15:24 <jawn-smith> so moving on

 15:24 <jawn-smith> enr0n: have you looked at this systemd regression at all?

 15:24 <enr0n> jawn-smith: looking

 15:24 <slyon> jawn-smith: enr0n: we retriggered them earlier

 15:24 <enr0n> jawn-smith: ah yes true

 15:24 <slyon> (without the buggy tinyssh trigger)

 15:25 <slyon> so most should pass

 15:25 <jawn-smith> excellent, so enr0n can you follow up if they fail again?

 15:25 <enr0n> jawn-smith: yes I always keep an eye on systemd migration

 15:27 <jawn-smith> everything else is only a day or less old

 15:27 <jawn-smith> We're having some discussion about python-tz

 15:28 <jawn-smith> bdrung is going to investigate that

 15:28 <enr0n> jawn-smith: this looks flaky if you want to retry it https://autopkgtest.ubuntu.com/request.cgi?release=lunar&arch=arm64&package=systemd&trigger=linux-meta-raspi%2F6.2.0.1003.4

 15:29 <slyon> ^ dong.

 15:29 <slyon> *doing

 15:30 <jawn-smith> #topic AOB

 15:30 <sil2100> Reminder! Beta freeze on Monday!

 15:30 <sil2100> And we have Beta on Thursday!

 15:30 <sil2100> (+ doc freeze today)

 15:34 <jawn-smith> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)