== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Ubuntu Membership Board meeting, started by mapreri, 19 Jul at 12:43 &mdash; 13:11 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2023/ubuntu-meeting.2023-07-19-12.43.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== Hoehyeong Jung ===

Discussion started by mapreri at 12:45.


=== Minseong Cho ===

Discussion started by mapreri at 12:47.

 * ''VOTE:'' Membership for Minseong Cho (Carried)  (mapreri, 13:04)



== Vote results ==

 * [[https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2023/ubuntu-meeting.2023-07-19-12.43.log.html#53|Membership for Minseong Cho]]
  * Motion carried (For: 4, Against: 0, Abstained: 0)
   * Voters: Kilos, Bashing-om, fenris[m]1, mapreri



== People present (lines said) ==

 * mapreri (49)
 * mscho (31)
 * meetingology (12)
 * fenris[m]1 (7)
 * youngbin (6)
 * Kilos (5)
 * fenris (4)
 * Bashing-om (2)



== Full log ==


 12:43 <mapreri> #startmeeting Ubuntu Membership Board

 12:43 <meetingology> Meeting started at 12:43:39 UTC.  The chair is mapreri.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 12:43 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 12:43 <mapreri> #voters Kilos Bashing-om fenris[m]1 mapreri

 12:43 <meetingology> Current voters: Bashing-om, Kilos, fenris[m]1, mapreri

 12:44 <mapreri> Hello and welcome to the Ubuntu Membership Review Board meeting for 2023-07-19.  The wiki page for the Review Boards is available here: https://wiki.ubuntu.com/Membership/Boards

 12:44 <mapreri> We will attempt to get through all the applicants that have added themselves to that list, or posted a thread to the Ubuntu Discourse, before today's meeting. If we are unable to make it through the complete list due to time constraints, then at the next meeting we will pick up where we left off.

 12:44 <mapreri> The format for the meeting is as follows: We will go through the list of applicants one by one, by date of application (FIFO).

 12:44 <mapreri> Each applicant should introduce themselves (1-5 sentences) and provide links to their Ubuntu Wiki page or Ubuntu Discourse thread. After the introduction, the members of the Membership Review Board will review the pages and, if needed, ask the applicant further questions.

 12:44 <mapreri> During this time, it is encouraged for other members of the community to show their support for the applicant. Do not be alarmed if the members of the Membership Review Board are quiet during this time; they are reading wiki/launchpad/forum/other pages and deciding how they are going to vote.

 12:44 <mapreri> When the board is ready to vote, they will publicly vote in the channel with either +1, 0, or -1 (for membership, abstain, and against membership, respectively). If most of the voting board members vote +1, then the applicant is now an official Ubuntu member! (Feel free congratulate them!)

 12:44 <mapreri> Now, with any further ado, let's get started with the first applicant...

 12:44 <mapreri> mscho: since hothead-jung mentioned he needs to go, do you mind if we go first with him?

 12:44 <mapreri> (despite what I just wrote…)

 12:44 <Kilos> go

 12:44 <mscho> mapreri: of course

 12:45 <mapreri> # topic Hoehyeong Jung

 12:45 <mapreri> #topic Hoehyeong Jung

 12:45 <mapreri> hothead-jung: could you please introduce yourself?

 12:46 <youngbin> Oh my... hothead-jung just told me he's on video call with his work collegue...

 12:46 <mapreri> uh

 12:46 <mapreri> let's go with mscho then, and circle back if he is available.  apologizes for us being late :(

 12:47 <fenris[m]1> shall we go with another candidate 1st ? then go back to jung?

 12:47 <mscho> Okay

 12:47 <mapreri> #topic Minseong Cho

 12:48 <mscho> So, is it okay to introduce myself?

 12:48 <mapreri> yes please

 12:48 <mapreri> (I'm reading your wiki page a bit better than what I did yesterday…)

 12:48 <mscho> Hi, my name is Minseong Cho.

 12:49 <mscho> I first met Ubuntu(Bionic) in 2019, transit from Zorin OS, and joined Korean LoCo last year.

 12:49 <mscho> Cause of organizing UbuCon Asia 2022.

 12:49 <mscho> Before 2022, I never knew Ubuntu LoCo in Korea.

 12:50 <mscho> But after that, It has been fun to meet koreans who use ubuntu (or other linux dists.) and talk about favorite.

 12:50 <mapreri> I have one question for you: you current contributions seems to pretty much be be limited to event organization and general admin work within the LoCo.  Do you foresee yourself expanding your contributions.

 12:50 <mapreri> ?

 12:52 <mapreri> Also, I'm curious, those workshop you organized, did you (the LoCo) manage to attract external contributors? :D

 12:52 <mscho> Oh, I worked as DevOps engineer and finding next job. My contribution will be expanded with application usage in Korean posting

 12:52 <mscho> and...

 12:53 <mscho> What you said, external contributors? are new comer of Korean LoCo?

 12:54 <mapreri> yes

 12:55 <mapreri> (BTW, I heard incredibly great things about UbuCon Asia 2022, so the fact that you helped making that one possible is amazing!)

 12:55 <fenris> i second to that :)

 12:55 <mscho> Yes, In Daegu(City), I talked with who interested in. so he will be presenter of Ubucon Korea this year!

 12:56 <mscho> (Oh, He is candidate presenter :) )

 12:57 <mscho> and.. Who I met in UbuCon Asia last year, Two of new organizors came to our LoCo this year.

 12:58 <fenris> good to hear that @mscho

 12:58 <mscho> (BTW, I'm not graphic designer, but I worked graphic things over night)

 12:58 <mscho> (all for success of UbuCon Asia 2022)

 12:58 <youngbin> mscho: You used Gimp, inkscape to design things right?

 12:59 <mscho> Yes.... Gimp is familiar cause I used in military...

 12:59 <mapreri> Alright, I think we are ready to vote here ^^

 12:59 <mscho> But Inkscape was first use

 12:59 <mapreri> #vote Membership for Minseong Cho

 12:59 <meetingology> Please vote on: Membership for Minseong Cho

 12:59 <fenris> @mscho : r u still the organizer for next coming ubucon kr?

 12:59 <meetingology> Public votes can be registered by saying +1, -1 or +0 in channel (for private voting, private message me with 'vote +1|-1|+0 #channelname')

 13:00 <mscho> fenris: if you said UbuCon Korea 2023, yes

 13:00 <mscho> next year, I could handle it, I think

 13:00 <Kilos> +1

 13:00 <meetingology> +1 received from Kilos

 13:00 <Bashing-om> +1 Time in and continued contributions

 13:00 <meetingology> +1 Time in and continued contributions received from Bashing-om

 13:02 <fenris> +1 hope to see more and continuos contributions in the future

 13:02 <fenris[m]1> +1 hope to see more and continuos contributions in the future

 13:02 <meetingology> +1 hope to see more and continuos contributions in the future received from fenris[m]1

 13:02 <mapreri> +1 - honestly I'm a bit conflicted.  Your profile is clearly strong, but I feel like your contributions are not spread enough (it really feels like *only* admin work).  Clearly not a requirement, but I'd prefer to see more varied stuff.  Especially when combined with the short time since you got involved, I find myself wondering if you'll really stick to your involvement.  But still, the process doesn't let me vote +0.5, so +1 it is :P

 13:02 <meetingology> +1 - honestly I'm a bit conflicted.  Your profile is clearly strong, but I feel like your contributions are not spread enough (it really feels like *only* admin work).  Clearly not a requirement, but I'd prefer to see more varied stuff.  Especially when combined with the short time since you got involved, I find myself wondering if you'll really stick to your involvement.  But still, the process doesn't let me vote +0.5, so +1 it is :P received from mapreri

 13:03 <mapreri> #endovote

 13:03 <mapreri> mhh

 13:03 <mscho> Wow thanks XD

 13:03 <mapreri> meetingology: endovote

 13:03 <mapreri> …

 13:04 <mapreri> mscho: the bot doesn't want you

 13:04 <mscho> mapreri: Ubuntu LoCo is my home

 13:04 <Kilos> endvote isnt it

 13:04 <mapreri> #endvote

 13:04 <meetingology> Voting ended on: Membership for Minseong Cho

 13:04 <fenris[m]1> typo on endvote

 13:04 <meetingology> Votes for: 4, Votes against: 0, Abstentions: 0

 13:04 <meetingology> Motion carried

 13:04 <mapreri> I didn't see the typo sorry :P

 13:04 <mapreri> mscho: congratulation!

 13:04 <Kilos> np. congrats mscho

 13:04 <mscho> Thanks everyone!

 13:05 <fenris[m]1> congrats! mscho

 13:05 <mscho> I want to show my passion with Ubuntu in continue

 13:05 <Bashing-om> congrats too mscho - well done :D

 13:05 <mapreri> now, do you think hothead-jung is available, or too late?

 13:05 <mapreri> youngbin: ↑

 13:06 <Kilos> hothead-jung  you still here?

 13:06 <fenris[m]1> mscho: thumbs up!

 13:06 <mapreri> mscho: totally.  That's a great starting point.  And the membership is not a goal, but just a bit of recognition and a tool to make your contributions better and better! :)

 13:06 <mscho> He seems in meeting now and not ended. He is still here but cannot chat...

 13:06 <mapreri> Guess we will follow via email then

 13:07 <mscho> mapreri: thanks for advice

 13:07 <mapreri> # topic Final words

 13:07 <mapreri> Congratulations to all the new members. Don't forget to check the perks at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/Membership#The_Perks and once you've been added to the members group remember to apply for your certificate at https://forms.canonical.com/certificate/ (1/2)

 13:07 <mapreri> Your @ubuntu.com email address will go live within 48 hours. Do NOT set it as your primary launchpad.net email address because that will cause emails to loop forever and you'll never receive them! (2/2)

 13:07 <youngbin> Sorry, Seems like hothead-jung is still on work meeting. He wants email vote instead :(

 13:07 <mapreri> mscho: I already added you to the launchpad team.

 13:07 <mscho> fenris: XD

 13:08 <mscho> mapreri: thanks very much

 13:08 <mapreri> Can somebody else from the board take the task of sending the post-meeting mail?  (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/Membership/Boards/HelpfulDocumentation/PostMeetingEmail)

 13:08 <youngbin> A bit late, but Congrats mscho :) Agreed with mapreri. Would be nice if mscho can also contribute on other area also, such as l10n :)

 13:09 <fenris[m]1> debug and report bugs :)

 13:09 <mapreri> youngbin: another possibility (that is where I started actually, but came to hate it over time) is also user support :)

 13:09 <mscho> youngbin: thanks for applause

 13:09 <youngbin> He's already doing some user support on discourse.ubuntu-kr.org i belive. is it? @mscho

 13:09 <mapreri> well, he is already approved, so it doesn't matter anymore :P

 13:09 <mscho> youngbin: yes in Korean LoCo's discourse

 13:10 <mscho> mapreri: XD

 13:10 <youngbin> Haha congrats once again :)

 13:10 <mapreri> well, for you future friends, if you do user support in a relevant volume, that's definitely something to mention amongst your contributions :)

 13:10 <fenris[m]1> user support is good too .. helps the new comers

 13:11 <mapreri> well, let's wrap up here.

 13:11 <mapreri> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)