== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status meeting, started by didrocks, 26 Sep at 14:30 &mdash; 14:52 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2023/ubuntu-meeting.2023-09-26-14.30.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== current component mismatches ===

Discussion started by didrocks at 14:30.

 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg   (didrocks, 14:31)
 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg   (didrocks, 14:31)

=== New MIRs ===

Discussion started by didrocks at 14:34.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=NEW&field.status%3Alist=CONFIRMED&assignee_option=none&field.assignee=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (didrocks, 14:34)

=== Incomplete bugs / questions ===

Discussion started by didrocks at 14:35.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (didrocks, 14:35)

=== Process/Documentation improvements ===

Discussion started by didrocks at 14:39.

 * ''LINK:'' https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/pulls   (didrocks, 14:39)
 * ''LINK:'' https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/issues   (didrocks, 14:39)
 * ''LINK:'' https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/pull/40 is approved and ready to be merge by cpaelzer whenever there is time (what is this word?) :)  (didrocks, 14:40)

=== MIR related Security Review Queue ===

Discussion started by didrocks at 14:41.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-security/+bugs?field.searchtext=%5BMIR%5D&assignee_option=choose&field.assignee=ubuntu-security&field.bug_reporter=&field.bug_commenter=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (didrocks, 14:41)
 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-security/+bugs?field.searchtext=[MIR]&assignee_option=choose&field.assignee=ubuntu-security&field.bug_reporter=&field.bug_commenter=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (didrocks, 14:41)
 * ''LINK:'' https://warthogs.atlassian.net/jira/software/c/projects/SEC/boards/594   (didrocks, 14:42)

=== Any other business? ===

Discussion started by didrocks at 14:47.




== People present (lines said) ==

 * didrocks (67)
 * cpaelzer (25)
 * eslerm (15)
 * meetingology (2)



== Full log ==


 14:30 <didrocks> #startmeeting Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status

 14:30 <meetingology> Meeting started at 14:30:43 UTC.  The chair is didrocks.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 14:30 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 14:30 <didrocks> Ping for MIR meeting - didrocks joalif slyon sarnold cpaelzer jamespage ( eslerm dviererbe )

 14:30 <didrocks> #topic current component mismatches

 14:30 <didrocks> Mission: Identify required actions and spread the load among the teams

 14:30 <cpaelzer> o/

 14:31 <didrocks> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg

 14:31 <didrocks> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg

 14:31 <didrocks> I don’t remember if we mention thirft last week?

 14:32 <eslerm> I don't recall it

 14:32 <cpaelzer> not that I'd remember

 14:32 <didrocks> from the package description, sounds like for foundation, anyone up to pinging them as slyon is away?

 14:33 <didrocks> even if it’s ceph importing it (which is more server)

 14:33 <didrocks> C++ and go, /me shakes

 14:34 <didrocks> I’ll bring it up to them

 14:34 <didrocks> nothing else on the list, apparently

 14:34 <didrocks> #topic New MIRs

 14:34 <didrocks> Mission: ensure to assign all incoming reviews for fast processing

 14:34 <didrocks> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=NEW&field.status%3Alist=CONFIRMED&assignee_option=none&field.assignee=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 14:35 <eslerm> \o/

 14:35 <didrocks> yeah, I’m glad with all this zen mode too :)

 14:35 <didrocks> #topic Incomplete bugs / questions

 14:35 <didrocks> Mission: Identify required actions and spread the load among the teams

 14:35 <didrocks> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 14:37 <didrocks> so, a lot of perl, with incomplete status

 14:37 <didrocks> cpaelzer wrote this apparently, but that was some months ago: https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/libmail-dmarc-perl/+bug/2023971/comments/4

 14:37 <cpaelzer> I think this is mirespace preparing some of them to become ready for us

 14:37 <didrocks> ok, so we consider incomplete as not ready yet, correct?

 14:38 <didrocks> and the one before was libde265, which was already marked as incomplete last week until it’s ready

 14:39 <didrocks> let’s move on then

 14:39 <didrocks> #topic Process/Documentation improvements

 14:39 <didrocks> Mission: Review pending process/documentation pull-requests or issues

 14:39 <cpaelzer> yes incomplete means "they still want to do something about it" or  "we have told them to do something"

 14:39 <didrocks> ok, just wanted to ensure that was not a status incorrectly set, thanks for confirming they are aware :)

 14:39 <didrocks> #link https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/pulls

 14:39 <didrocks> #link https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/issues

 14:39 <cpaelzer> I've pinged the reporter to confirm if they are meant to be incomplete

 14:39 <didrocks> thanks!

 14:40 <didrocks> https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/pull/40 is approved and ready to be merge by cpaelzer whenever there is time (what is this word?) :)

 14:40 <cpaelzer> yes I just wanted to wait for the meeting here to happen

 14:40 <cpaelzer> as a final cahnce to say no

 14:40 <cpaelzer> AFAICS I have addressed or answered all of the good feedback

 14:40 <didrocks> ok, last call for any other feedback! Please file in before the end of the meeting :)

 14:41 <didrocks> right, I did approve once I was happy with the answers

 14:41 <didrocks> you still have 5 minutes to protest :)

 14:41 <didrocks> #topic MIR related Security Review Queue

 14:41 <didrocks> Mission: Check on progress, do deadlines seem doable?

 14:41 <didrocks> Some clients can only work with one, some with the other escaping - the URLs point to the same place.

 14:41 <didrocks> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-security/+bugs?field.searchtext=%5BMIR%5D&assignee_option=choose&field.assignee=ubuntu-security&field.bug_reporter=&field.bug_commenter=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 14:41 <didrocks> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-security/+bugs?field.searchtext=[MIR]&assignee_option=choose&field.assignee=ubuntu-security&field.bug_reporter=&field.bug_commenter=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 14:42 <didrocks> Internal link

 14:42 <didrocks> - ensure your teams items are prioritized among each other as you'd expect

 14:42 <eslerm> thanks for the rustc/cargo dependency statuses last week didrocks

 14:42 <didrocks> eslerm: yw!

 14:42 <didrocks> - ensure community requests do not get stomped by teams calling for favors too much

 14:42 <didrocks> #link https://warthogs.atlassian.net/jira/software/c/projects/SEC/boards/594

 14:42 <didrocks> (sorry, it seems a recent mantic update broke my weechat multi-lines pasting plugin, bare with me)

 14:42 <cpaelzer> hehe

 14:43 <eslerm> two new security members are going to be trained using the perl MIRs, there is ~4k loc between them

 14:43 <didrocks> poor of them, training them on perl :)

 14:43 <eslerm> s390-tools needs a reviewer, I'll see what I can do post sprint

 14:43 <eslerm> :D

 14:44 <eslerm> we like writing fuzzers, perl might be useful for that :)

 14:44 <didrocks> right!

 14:45 <cpaelzer> s390-tools itself is in, it is just the extra rust vendored bits I think

 14:45 <eslerm> I may set openscap to Incomplete until owning team can help address upstream

 14:45 <eslerm> yeah, we would be focusing on rust. there is some older crypto tools that I would like a light re-review on as well

 14:46 <cpaelzer> ok

 14:46 <cpaelzer> thanks for closig out opensacp one or the other way

 14:47 <didrocks> ok, sounds like everything is covered, let’s move to…

 14:47 <didrocks> #topic Any other business?

 14:47 <didrocks> As I said, I will have a ongoing conflict starting next week for the meeting

 14:47 <eslerm> I'll put openscap on Security's Riga discussion too

 14:47 <didrocks> eslerm: +1

 14:48 <didrocks> I’m fine to do it like jamespage and have assigned items (one per meeting) that I do afterwards

 14:48 <cpaelzer> ok didrocks

 14:48 <didrocks> I will be able to read back at the end of the meeting

 14:48 <cpaelzer> we will miss your discussion input though

 14:48 <cpaelzer> can't we get rid of the others

 14:48 <cpaelzer> who is beating us in importance?

 14:48 <didrocks> cpaelzer: taking my children at school? :p

 14:49 <cpaelzer> ah

 14:49 <cpaelzer> ok, that is not a person I'd complain to :-)

 14:49 <didrocks> :p

 14:49 <cpaelzer> I thought some odd invite has caused this

 14:49 <didrocks> this is why it’s a short interruption, I’m back afterwards

 14:49 <didrocks> it’s just that it’s at THAT time

 14:49 <cpaelzer> didrocks: you can try to be the next one trying to find a new meeting slot that works for all

 14:49 <cpaelzer> not sure if you'll be successful, but you can try fishing for options

 14:49 <didrocks> challenge accepted!

 14:50 <didrocks> let me write it something and I will SPAM you all this week :)

 14:50 <cpaelzer> worst case, nothing changes and you become mostly an after-the.fact commenter :-/

 14:50 <cpaelzer> +1 on this kind of spam

 14:50 <didrocks> yeah, but I agree that would be better, however slyon being away, I will miss his input

 14:50 <didrocks> but let’s give it a try and we can always revisit anyway

 14:51 <eslerm> Seth will be away for at least two more weeks

 14:51 <didrocks> ok, so let’s keep current time for now

 14:51 <didrocks> I will email all of you

 14:51 <cpaelzer> eslerm: but you will cover or also unavailable?

 14:51 <didrocks> and I will bother Seth once he is back

 14:51 <eslerm> cpaelzer: yes, technically ooo today

 14:51 <eslerm> thanks didrocks

 14:52 <eslerm> err, yes I will be here those weeks

 14:52 <didrocks> anything else to mention?

 14:52 <cpaelzer> not from me

 14:52 <eslerm> not from me

 14:52 <didrocks> ok, let’s close then! Thank you all :)

 14:52 <didrocks> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)