#title #ubuntu-meeting Meeting

Meeting started by jdstrand at 18:11:03 UTC.  The full logs are
available at
http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2012/ubuntu-meeting.2012-04-16-18.11.log.html
.



== Meeting summary ==

''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting   (jdstrand, 18:12:16)
 *Weekly stand-up report

 *Highlighted packages
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/gnome-shell.html   (jdstrand, 18:28:25)
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/mpop.html   (jdstrand, 18:28:29)
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/pyro.html   (jdstrand, 18:28:32)
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/ngircd.html   (jdstrand, 18:28:35)
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/atheme-services.html   (jdstrand, 18:28:39)

 *Miscellaneous and Questions



Meeting ended at 18:34:17 UTC.



== Votes ==




== Action items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * jdstrand (26)
 * sbeattie (11)
 * jjohansen (11)
 * tyhicks (8)
 * ubottu (4)
 * meetingology (3)
 * micahg (2)
 * kees (1)



== Full Log ==


 18:11:03 <jdstrand> #startmeeting

 18:11:03 <meetingology> Meeting started Mon Apr 16 18:11:03 2012 UTC.  The chair is jdstrand. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 18:11:03 <meetingology> 

 18:11:03 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 18:11:04 <jjohansen> hi

 18:11:07 <tyhicks> Hello

 18:11:39 * kees waves hi

 18:12:15 <jdstrand> The meeting agenda can be found at:

 18:12:16 <jdstrand> [LINK] https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting

 18:12:34 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Weekly stand-up report

 18:12:42 <jdstrand> I'll go first

 18:13:00 <jdstrand> I'm on triage this week

 18:13:15 <jdstrand> I finished my MIR audits, and did the first round of install audits

 18:13:21 <jdstrand> performance reviews are done

 18:13:36 <jdstrand> and I'm basically done with my embargoed issue

 18:14:36 <jdstrand> I plan to pick up some updates and finish up me remaining few work items

 18:14:45 <jdstrand> s/me/my/

 18:14:51 <jdstrand> sbeattie: you're up

 18:15:00 <sbeattie> I'm on community this week

 18:15:52 <sbeattie> There's a combined fakesync/sponsored issue for that that I'm working on, as well as the flash update.

 18:16:26 <sbeattie> I'm also working on/collecting apparmor bugs for a release day SRU

 18:16:39 <sbeattie> as well as finishing up other work items

 18:16:45 <sbeattie> I think that's it for me.

 18:16:55 <sbeattie> micahg: over to you

 18:18:13 <micahg> still working on migrating Thunderbird in stable releases (build failures), webkit stable release migration, and I have patch piloting today

 18:19:04 <micahg> I think that's it for me, tyhicks?

 18:19:14 <tyhicks> I'm in the happy place this week

 18:19:47 <tyhicks> I need to wrap up 3 small work items. Verifying SELinux tools and framework in Precise is the most notable.

 18:20:42 <tyhicks> I want to fix bug 911507 this week

 18:20:44 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 911507 in eCryptfs "eCryptfs should initialize existing empty files at open()" [Medium,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/911507

 18:21:27 <tyhicks> More and more users are hitting it. It would be a post-release update to the kernel.

 18:22:12 <tyhicks> I don't have any pending updates, but I'll take a new one as I start making it through the above list

 18:22:15 <tyhicks> I think that's it

 18:22:19 <tyhicks> jjohansen: You're up

 18:22:29 <jjohansen> I still have bugs 968956, 959352, 959560 to fix, and some more testing on 978038, and 955892 before I push them upstream.

 18:22:29 <jjohansen> I also have several tests for the regression test suite to pull together and post out.

 18:22:29 <jjohansen> I have two Precise work items I need to work on, and I am going to start pulling together/refreshing the dbus prototype

 18:22:31 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 959560 in AppArmor "deny mount does not work correctly" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/959560

 18:22:33 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 968956 in apparmor (Ubuntu) "apparmor_parser: Unable to replace "/usr/lib/cups/backend/cups-pdf". Profile doesn't conform to protocol" [Critical,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/968956

 18:22:34 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 959352 in lxc (Ubuntu) "Ephemeral containers have "/rootfs" prefix in /proc/self/maps entries" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/959352

 18:22:45 <jjohansen> ah stuup ubottu

 18:22:56 <jjohansen> hehe

 18:23:30 <sbeattie> jjohansen: oh, is 968956 still open?

 18:23:56 <sbeattie> I thought the upload before freeze addressed that in one of the patches I applied.

 18:24:14 <sbeattie> (which is why it got auto-closed)

 18:24:31 <jjohansen> sbeattie: hrmm, I could have grabbed the wrong bug #

 18:25:28 <sbeattie> okay, feel free to let me know after the meeting which bugs you're still tracking.

 18:25:34 <jjohansen> sbeattie: yep, I have the wrong # listed next to it in my todo

 18:26:31 <jjohansen> sbeattie: I think it is 969228

 18:26:43 <jjohansen> that is supposed to be

 18:26:59 <jjohansen> anyway thats it from /me jdstrand back to you

 18:27:50 <sbeattie> ah, okay

 18:27:58 <jdstrand> thanks

 18:28:10 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Highlighted packages

 18:28:13 <jdstrand> The Ubuntu Security team will highlight some community-supported packages that might be good candidates for updating and or triaging. If you would like to help Ubuntu and not sure where to start, this is a great way to do so.

 18:28:17 <jdstrand> See https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/UpdateProcedures for details and if you have any questions, feel free to ask in #ubuntu-security. To find out other ways of helping out, please see https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/GettingInvolved.

 18:28:25 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/gnome-shell.html

 18:28:29 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/mpop.html

 18:28:32 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/pyro.html

 18:28:35 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/ngircd.html

 18:28:39 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/atheme-services.html

 18:28:48 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Miscellaneous and Questions

 18:29:10 <jdstrand> micahg: fyi, I was unable to get to chromium over the weekend

 18:29:40 <jdstrand> micahg: I could maybe do it today or tomorrow. let's talk outside of the meeting

 18:29:47 <jdstrand> Does anyone have any other questions or items to discuss?

 18:34:17 <jdstrand> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)