#title #ubuntu-meeting Meeting

Meeting started by Riddell at 17:00:15 UTC.  The full logs are available
at
http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2012/ubuntu-meeting.2012-11-21-17.00.log.html
.



== Meeting summary ==

 *raring UDS work items
''LINK:'' https://blueprints.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+spec/topic-raring-flavor-kubuntu   (Riddell, 17:03:21)
''LINK:'' https://blueprints.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+spec/desktop-r-kubuntu-deferred   (Riddell, 17:05:15)
''LINK:'' https://blueprints.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+spec/desktop-r-kubuntu-packaging   (Riddell, 17:11:36)
''LINK:'' https://blueprints.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+spec/desktop-r-kubuntu-development   (Riddell, 17:14:36)
''LINK:'' https://blueprints.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+spec/desktop-r-kubuntu-docs   (Riddell, 17:23:15)
''LINK:'' https://blueprints.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+spec/desktop-r-kubuntu-images   (Riddell, 17:25:05)

 *membership

 *Kubuntu business cards and nexuses?



Meeting ended at 18:04:28 UTC.



== Votes ==


 * agree on work items for kubuntu raring
   For: 5 Against: 0 Abstained: 0

 * afiestas for kubuntu member
   For: 6 Against: 0 Abstained: 0



== Action items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * Riddell (97)
 * Quintasan (39)
 * ScottK (31)
 * JontheEchidna (25)
 * jussi (24)
 * meetingology (24)
 * afiestas (22)
 * yofel (22)
 * shadeslayer (21)
 * Tm_T (10)
 * ogra-cb_ (7)
 * fabo (3)
 * buzzmandt (2)
 * xnox (2)
 * BluesKaj (2)
 * agateau (2)
 * yofel_ (1)



== Full Log ==


 17:00:15 <Riddell> #startmeeting

 17:00:15 <meetingology> Meeting started Wed Nov 21 17:00:15 2012 UTC.  The chair is Riddell. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 17:00:15 <meetingology> 

 17:00:15 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 17:00:20 <yofel_> o/

 17:00:28 <ScottK> \o

 17:00:33 <Riddell> hi friends, who here for a Kubuntu meeting?

 17:00:44 <BluesKaj> just arrived

 17:01:55 <Riddell> harald has put a bunch of items on the agenda but isn't here

 17:02:32 <BluesKaj> uhoh , gotta go ... wife just reminded me of our band meeting in less than an hr ...later gents

 17:02:33 <Riddell> #topic raring UDS work items

 17:03:15 <Riddell> a smallish meeting then

 17:03:21 <Riddell> who's all read the work items?

 17:03:21 <Riddell> https://blueprints.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+spec/topic-raring-flavor-kubuntu

 17:04:04 <Riddell> or should I reschedule if it's just me and ScottK from the council?

 17:04:13 <JontheEchidna> (I'm here too)

 17:04:17 <Riddell> oh yes sorry

 17:04:21 <JontheEchidna> ;)

 17:04:25 * agateau is here for the meeting as well (but not from council)

 17:04:48 <JontheEchidna> Do we have a set quorum for these meetings?

 17:04:58 <Riddell> 3 council members on votes

 17:05:07 <ScottK> So we're good then.

 17:05:10 <ScottK> Let's go.

 17:05:15 <Riddell> https://blueprints.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+spec/desktop-r-kubuntu-deferred

 17:05:22 <Riddell> anything anyone doesn't understand there?

 17:05:47 <Riddell> last time we had some work items that 6 months later we'd forgotten entirely what they mean

 17:06:32 <ScottK> ScottK's unique konsole string isn't an issue for raring.

 17:06:37 <ScottK> It's upstream in 4.10.

 17:06:40 * ScottK fixes

 17:06:40 <JontheEchidna> ^was about to ask about that

 17:07:04 <Riddell> we might still have some other patched in strings?

 17:07:09 <ScottK> Yes.

 17:07:21 <ScottK> We do.  I didn't remove the whole item, just that bit.

 17:07:24 <Riddell> groovy

 17:07:35 <JontheEchidna> py3kde kcontrol integration is still relevant

 17:08:01 * ScottK has no idea about steveriley's item, but as long as he does.

 17:08:05 <Riddell> JontheEchidna: yes, that's why it's there

 17:08:11 <yofel> isn't the kuser work item and the one below it pretty much the same thing?

 17:08:11 <ScottK> JontheEchidna: I think I have a volunteer as well.

 17:08:18 <JontheEchidna> nice

 17:08:50 <yofel> ScottK: samba in win7 is weird and has more than one group, needs some investigation

 17:08:52 <JontheEchidna> at the very least, the kuser vs. userconfig comparison doesn't seem very actionable as a work item

 17:09:02 <ScottK> yofel: Thanks.

 17:09:25 <ScottK> I'd say delete the comparison one

 17:09:36 <ScottK> afiestas is going to do a rewrite, so it's OBE.

 17:10:04 <Riddell> Quintasan: ok?

 17:10:11 <Riddell> I guess he's not here

 17:10:23 <Riddell> ok removed

 17:10:26 <ScottK> It'd still be groovy for him to help with design of the rewrite.

 17:11:12 <Riddell> that's why it's not allocated just to him :)

 17:11:36 <Riddell> https://blueprints.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+spec/desktop-r-kubuntu-packaging

 17:11:45 <Riddell> I'll change KDE SC 4.10 to INPROGRESS

 17:12:50 <JontheEchidna> looks like canonical's Qt5 packages are now based on debian's

 17:13:01 <Riddell> "Investigate with Cédric Bellegarde about packaging appmenu kded" that's actually part of sc 4.10

 17:13:09 <Riddell> JontheEchidna: oh interesting

 17:13:56 <ScottK> Possibly related to why fabo's work item on packaging Qt5 flipped to in progress.

 17:14:34 <Riddell> ok that all seems uncontrovertial

 17:14:36 <Riddell> https://blueprints.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+spec/desktop-r-kubuntu-development

 17:14:50 <JontheEchidna> what's the bit about simon and a proprietary library?

 17:15:12 <Riddell> simon uses a proprietary library for something but it's optional

 17:15:28 <Riddell> so should be fine to package (as far as we could work out in the session)

 17:15:29 <Tm_T> "something"?

 17:15:34 <JontheEchidna> is it dsfg-compliant as it stands right now?

 17:15:41 <JontheEchidna> *dfsg

 17:15:42 <jussi> Im here!

 17:15:46 <yofel> hm, isn't the touchpad KCM work item from the deferred list a dup of the synaptics work item from packaging?

 17:15:52 <Tm_T> jussi: yes you are!

 17:16:03 <Riddell> JontheEchidna: it's not packaged

 17:16:13 <Riddell> yofel: yes quite probably

 17:16:17 <fabo> ScottK: that's right, zoltan is working with me on them and push on qt5 edgers ppa

 17:16:30 <Riddell> fabo: great

 17:16:35 <shadeslayer> in order to use the proprietary lib, you also need to sign up on some site

 17:16:40 <JontheEchidna> oh, I thought it was packaged for some reason...

 17:17:00 <shadeslayer> atleast that's what came up during the session

 17:17:31 <fabo> Riddell: the deadline is by the end of the month

 17:17:50 <yofel> shadeslayer: mind if I drop your old touchpad kcm work item? we seem to have 2 new ones

 17:18:05 <fabo> they should be ready for upload to the official archive

 17:18:08 <shadeslayer> sure

 17:18:12 <Riddell> yofel: go for it, he can steal it back if he wants to

 17:18:25 <yofel> done

 17:18:58 <Riddell> I'll be impressed if the ibus item gets done

 17:19:38 <yofel> hm, development has a 3rd touchpad kcm work item

 17:19:38 <jussi> Thats pretty important though, isnt it?

 17:19:45 <shadeslayer> hehe

 17:20:19 <Riddell> yofel: everyone wants to get in on the act

 17:20:38 <yofel> sure, except one's assigned to ScottK, one to kubuntu-dev and the last to afiestas

 17:21:03 <ScottK> Feel free to do anything assigned to me.

 17:21:16 <yofel> noted

 17:21:46 <Quintasan> uhh

 17:21:49 <Riddell> let's have only 1 on packaging

 17:21:54 <Riddell> yofel: you editing or shall I?

 17:21:59 * Quintasan is totally late

 17:22:08 <yofel> Riddell: I'm not editing anything right now

 17:22:45 <Quintasan> One item less for me? Sound fine.

 17:23:01 <Riddell> ok

 17:23:06 <yofel> well, we all know that you're busy with maliit :P

 17:23:15 <Riddell> steveriley have bravely volunteered for all the docs

 17:23:15 <Riddell> https://blueprints.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+spec/desktop-r-kubuntu-docs

 17:23:36 * Quintasan orders a round of applause for Steve

 17:23:58 <Riddell> jussi: you can take the credit on that mailing list item if you want

 17:24:14 <jussi> hehe, yeah, i did that...

 17:24:29 <jussi> but it was all of like 3 minutes work

 17:25:05 <Riddell> nothing too major on images

 17:25:05 <Riddell> https://blueprints.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+spec/desktop-r-kubuntu-images

 17:25:10 <Riddell> except we want nexus images

 17:25:13 <Tm_T> jussi: work nonetheless

 17:25:53 <jussi> Ive still a question, they asked us to put it on our council wiki page, but all I could find was this: https://wiki.kubuntu.org/Kubuntu/Council which says i shouldnt change it...

 17:25:56 <Tm_T> Riddell: I try talk one nexus7 for myself, then there's one real-life testing going on when we get the image rolling

 17:26:31 <Quintasan> Nexus images eh?

 17:26:38 <jussi> I would do some nexus tessting if one was given, Im more than interested, but my funds are limited at the moment. so if a lend comes up, let me know.

 17:26:52 <Quintasan> Riddell: AFAIR ogra_ said it would be possible to spin Kubuntu images as long as we get the seed fixed

 17:27:21 <Riddell> jussi: feel free to add in an introduction with the link to that and the launchpad team

 17:27:45 <jussi> hrm?

 17:27:45 <yofel> Quintasan: we do currently have omap4 dailies for raring do we need anything else?

 17:28:11 <Riddell> Quintasan: yep, we hope he will

 17:28:26 <Quintasan> yofel: OMAP4 != Tegra 3 AFAIR

 17:28:37 <yofel> ah

 17:28:38 <Quintasan> but don't quote me on that

 17:28:39 <ogra-cb_> kubuntu active nexus7 dailies are planned, but we are currently a) not even having ubuntu ones (should be finished this week) and b) are massively short on buildd time

 17:28:51 <Quintasan> since I'm not really knowlegable on that matter

 17:29:07 <Quintasan> ogra-cb_: I can imagine that

 17:29:24 <ogra-cb_> we onlz have a single live builder for arm, while work is going on to abuse the package builders dynamically for that it wasnt scheduled for early raring

 17:29:56 <Riddell> thanks ogra-cb_, we're not wanting to rush it :)

 17:30:14 <ogra-cb_> what i coudl offer in the beginning (since all other flavours asked too) would probably be something with a lower frequency than daily

 17:30:30 <Quintasan> ogra-cb_: What Riddell said, besides there is still some work to do before we even start thinking about images IMO

 17:30:36 <ogra-cb_> so that no flavour has to come short

 17:30:45 <Quintasan> like Active 3 packaging and more importantly - fixing the seed

 17:30:51 <ogra-cb_> k

 17:31:06 <Riddell> which brings us onto https://blueprints.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+spec/desktop-r-kubuntu-active

 17:31:17 <ogra-cb_> well, ubuntu dailies should be ready from end of the week, then i will have time to help with other flavours

 17:31:24 <Riddell> rbelem actually popped up last night and said he wants to get back into it

 17:31:40 <ogra-cb_> just give me a shout once you want them

 17:31:57 <Quintasan> ogra-cb_: Will do

 17:32:14 <ScottK> ogra-cb_: Thanks.

 17:32:51 <Riddell> Quintasan: do you know what upstream's consideration of mallit is?

 17:32:56 <Riddell> maliit

 17:33:29 <Quintasan> You might want to rephrase that since I'm not sure what you actually want to know

 17:33:44 <shadeslayer> Aaron said that maliit is what active will use

 17:33:44 <Riddell> Quintasan: do plasma-active have any maliit integration?

 17:33:49 <Riddell> groovy

 17:34:17 <Riddell> so any more comments on the work items?

 17:34:32 <shadeslayer> came up when I asked him about plasma keyboards ...

 17:35:09 <Riddell> if there's no more comments we can vote

 17:35:15 <jussi> Riddell: [kubuntu-dev] create good communications with plasma active upstream: TODO

 17:35:22 <jussi> what are we actually doing there?

 17:35:29 <Riddell> jussi: requested by afiestas

 17:35:34 <jussi> How are we acheiving it?

 17:35:58 <Riddell> well if I was packaging active I'd join the channel and talk to developers as I tested it

 17:36:04 <Quintasan> I suggested to mikhas that we push maliit into Debian as well but that's another matter and I will have to ask ScottK if he can help with that

 17:36:22 <Quintasan> But that has to wait until I'm done with the package itself

 17:36:28 <afiestas> jussi: that point came out because it seems that there are soime tricky parts when packaging active

 17:36:44 <afiestas> and we had no idea about those tricks,  we should askj :p and not be ashame of asking xd

 17:37:16 <Riddell> #vote agree on work items for kubuntu raring

 17:37:16 <meetingology> Please vote on: agree on work items for kubuntu raring

 17:37:16 <meetingology> Public votes can be registered by saying +1, +0 or -1 in channel, (private votes don't work yet, but when they do it will be by messaging the channel followed by +1/-1/+0 to me)

 17:37:18 <jussi> afiestas: ok, I am just trying to understand what the route to getting to [done] is

 17:37:24 <ScottK> +1

 17:37:24 <meetingology> +1 received from ScottK

 17:37:30 <Riddell> +1

 17:37:30 <meetingology> +1 received from Riddell

 17:37:32 <jussi> +1

 17:37:32 <meetingology> +1 received from jussi

 17:37:42 <shadeslayer> +1

 17:37:42 <meetingology> +1 received from shadeslayer

 17:37:42 <Riddell> JontheEchidna: ?

 17:37:46 <afiestas> jussi: simply by not being shy and asking questions when needed should be enough

 17:37:51 <JontheEchidna> +1

 17:37:51 <meetingology> +1 received from JontheEchidna

 17:37:54 <jussi> afiestas: ok, good

 17:37:56 <Riddell> #endvote

 17:37:56 <meetingology> Voting ended on: agree on work items for kubuntu raring

 17:37:56 <meetingology> Votes for:5 Votes against:0 Abstentions:0

 17:37:56 <meetingology> Motion carried

 17:38:10 <Riddell> yay, I worked out how to use the bot

 17:38:25 <JontheEchidna> ^action item GET :P

 17:38:26 <Riddell> #topic membership

 17:38:28 <shadeslayer> hehe

 17:38:36 <Riddell> we have a membership applications

 17:38:42 <Riddell> from afiestas

 17:38:44 <Quintasan> Woah

 17:38:48 <jussi> oh god no... not him!! :P

 17:38:52 <Riddell> afiestas: who are you and why do you want to be a kubuntu member?

 17:39:08 * Quintasan throws bricks at jussi

 17:39:15 <Quintasan> Sssh!

 17:39:19 <afiestas> My name is Àlex Fiestas (Alejandro Fiestas Olivares legally, you know spanish long names xD)

 17:39:41 <afiestas> I'm a KDE developer, working on different areas such hardware integration, kdelibs, and some other miscelania

 17:40:25 <afiestas> because of the state of KDE4 hardware integration I felt forced to empower my communication with distributions af ew years back, basically reviewing how distros were packaging my software and try to make it work best in all of them (specially bluedevilk and networkmanagement)

 17:40:25 <Riddell> time to quiz afiestas

 17:40:45 <afiestas> from that, I became fond of Kubuntu, felt welcomed here, etc :)

 17:41:20 <afiestas> oh, why I want to become a kubuntu member

 17:41:22 <jussi> afiestas: what do you feel you do specifically for kubuntu? (as opposed to general kde work)

 17:41:45 <afiestas> I have been collaborating with Kubuntu for a few years now, 4/5 uds helping to improve the collaboration and communication between what's know as upstream and downstream

 17:42:25 <ScottK> Plus he had dinner with us when UDS was in Barcelona.

 17:42:28 <afiestas> I do Kubuntu testing (as I said before, specially checking my software) and try to give as much feedback as possible, and being as annoying as possible

 17:42:46 * Quintasan likes the latter part of that statement

 17:42:54 <jussi> very important that :P

 17:43:17 <Riddell> afiestas: how well do we compare to other distros as a faithful implementation of KDE?

 17:44:13 <afiestas> the distribution doing more QA, and the more stable is opensuse imho, they have people getting paid to do that (afaik), we have been able to seen this specialy in Kontact or in networkmanagement in the past (where they had ppl working)

 17:44:40 <afiestas> suse though is spoiled by YAST, so they are not offering a KDE experience but their own

 17:45:13 <Riddell> yeah QA goes well with community only people but only to a point

 17:45:17 <afiestas> Kubuntu in the other side had a dark past full of patches, but nowdays you have the moto of being "As much as KDE as possible" being the only ones shipping with rekonq for example

 17:45:33 <Riddell> it's why canonical has been upping the QA on ubuntu

 17:45:35 <afiestas> which makes Kubuntu right now one of the "purest" KDE experencie

 17:45:39 <jussi> afiestas: is there anything in particular you have mind to achieve in the future with us? Any particular goals?

 17:45:51 <afiestas> jussi: yes, quite a few

 17:45:56 <buzzmandt> I love rekonq, it's so almost there

 17:46:12 <afiestas> I want Kubuntu to become the reference distribution for developers, it MUST be the tool I can recommend to others to start

 17:46:43 <afiestas> I want to improve QA, by making developers check their software in Kubuntu, as I did with bluedevil and proven to be helpful

 17:47:02 <afiestas> I want to help with a different (not packager, not community but developer) PoV in all processes I'm now critic with

 17:47:16 <afiestas> like for example, STAGING, updates, etc

 17:48:10 <Riddell> #vote afiestas for kubuntu member

 17:48:10 <meetingology> Please vote on: afiestas for kubuntu member

 17:48:10 <meetingology> Public votes can be registered by saying +1, +0 or -1 in channel, (private votes don't work yet, but when they do it will be by messaging the channel followed by +1/-1/+0 to me)

 17:48:18 <Riddell> +1

 17:48:18 <meetingology> +1 received from Riddell

 17:48:22 <ScottK> +1

 17:48:22 <meetingology> +1 received from ScottK

 17:48:23 <jussi> +1

 17:48:23 <meetingology> +1 received from jussi

 17:48:24 <buzzmandt> +1

 17:48:24 <meetingology> +1 received from buzzmandt

 17:48:41 <ScottK> buzzmandt: Only Kubutu Council can vote on this.

 17:48:50 <Riddell> JontheEchidna: nudge

 17:48:55 <xnox> +1

 17:48:55 <meetingology> +1 received from xnox

 17:48:55 <JontheEchidna> sorry!

 17:48:56 <JontheEchidna> +1

 17:48:56 <meetingology> +1 received from JontheEchidna

 17:49:02 * xnox trolling =)

 17:49:05 <Riddell> #endvote

 17:49:05 <meetingology> Voting ended on: afiestas for kubuntu member

 17:49:05 <meetingology> Votes for:6 Votes against:0 Abstentions:0

 17:49:05 <meetingology> Motion carried

 17:49:05 <JontheEchidna> :P

 17:49:12 <Riddell> afiestas: welcome in!

 17:49:19 * Quintasan throws confetti at afiestas

 17:49:20 <jussi> afiestas: welcome!

 17:49:20 <Quintasan> Grats

 17:49:29 <afiestas> thanks you for trusting me :p

 17:49:34 <Tm_T> afiestas: welcome! (:

 17:49:36 <ScottK> Riddell: Will you do the send an email thing to the CC and cc Mark.

 17:49:37 <agateau> yay!

 17:49:44 <Riddell> ScottK: yeah can do

 17:49:47 <ScottK> Great.

 17:49:50 <Tm_T> ScottK: Riddell: also to news team

 17:50:20 <shadeslayer> afiestas: congrats ;)

 17:50:20 <Riddell> #topic Kubuntu business cards and nexuses?

 17:50:33 <Quintasan> business cards!

 17:50:36 <Riddell> I was thinking how to use the kubuntu funds to best help kubuntu

 17:50:45 <Riddell> business cards for kubuntu members was 1 idea

 17:50:48 * Quintasan always wanted a business card

 17:50:52 <yofel> +1

 17:50:59 <Riddell> the printers local to me charge £32 for 500

 17:51:08 <shadeslayer> well ... needs awesome design

 17:51:16 <Riddell> KDE and Canonical both do them

 17:51:23 <ScottK> OK.

 17:51:24 <shadeslayer> Riddell: I could ask spacetime for a quote as well :)

 17:51:31 <Quintasan> but I couldn't find a design plus I have absloutely no idea what's the standard size

 17:51:43 <shadeslayer> ( our sticker guy )

 17:51:56 <afiestas> from experience, I have needed KDE ones quite a few times buecause I feel really bad giving one of my business card (from my business or the company I work for)

 17:51:57 <Riddell> shadeslayer: that would be good

 17:52:00 <afiestas> having a community business card rocks

 17:52:07 <Tm_T> I'm all for business cards

 17:52:10 <Tm_T> afiestas: indeed

 17:52:10 <Quintasan> Do we have a design?

 17:52:13 <shadeslayer> Riddell: will do once I get back to India

 17:52:24 <Tm_T> afiestas: I had to hand out my work cards at UDS, so I didn't hand out many

 17:52:30 <yofel> Quintasan: don't think so, and I gave up on my attempt to make one

 17:52:50 <ScottK> Riddell: I'd say let's get a design and a price and then see if this makes sense.

 17:52:52 <shadeslayer> there was a good design on the wiki once, cannot find it anymore

 17:53:09 <Riddell> Quintasan: we don't have any designers at the moment, I'm thinking just a logo + name + gpg key

 17:53:24 <Quintasan> Riddell: phone and email optional?

 17:53:28 <yofel> a simple design with the current font and logo and otherwise black/white would be enough IMO

 17:53:31 <Quintasan> maybe just email

 17:53:32 <Riddell> Quintasan: oh yes that too

 17:53:40 <Quintasan> gpg keys seems nice too

 17:53:55 <yofel> gpg key should be there (short at least if the fingerprint doesn't fit)

 17:54:10 <Riddell> gpg fingerprint is a common use case I have for them, it's why I've never got KDE ones

 17:54:39 <Riddell> ok I'll ask on the mailing list who wants them, limit it to kubuntu members only, and make a design and get a price

 17:55:21 <Riddell> my other thinking was there's a need to have nexuses

 17:55:25 <shadeslayer> afaik there's a policy that only members get cards ;)

 17:55:34 <yofel> there is

 17:55:45 <Riddell> does it make sense to buy some for people who will actively help make good kubuntu images

 17:55:46 <yofel> or was at least, haven't checked in years

 17:55:49 <Quintasan> Riddell: We should get the design uploaded somewhere so people can print those themselves if they ever run out

 17:56:15 <Riddell> ?

 17:56:24 <JontheEchidna> I just realized that although I have a bunch of Ubuntu people's gpg keys, I don't have any Kubuntu dudes

 17:56:32 <JontheEchidna> we should do a keysigning sometime

 17:56:47 <Riddell> that needs you to come to UDS!

 17:56:59 <JontheEchidna> yeah, yeah :(

 17:57:05 <JontheEchidna> stupid school

 17:57:16 <ScottK> Or stop by my house next time on your way to Virginia.

 17:57:36 <JontheEchidna> keysigning party at Scott's house!

 17:57:44 <JontheEchidna> :P

 17:57:54 <Tm_T> Riddell: considering that nexus isn't that expensive, it wouldn't hurt to get a few

 17:58:00 <Quintasan> JontheEchidna: You're buying me a plane ticket :P

 17:58:29 <Riddell> ahem, topic ^^

 17:58:35 <JontheEchidna> soz ^^

 17:58:49 <ScottK> Well.

 17:58:52 <Quintasan> Sorry. Back on the topic, yeah Nexus would be good reference platform I THINK

 17:58:59 <yofel> jussi said that he wouldn't mind a nexus

 17:59:00 * Quintasan remembers the problems with TF101

 17:59:10 <Quintasan> yofel: I don't think anyone would mind one

 17:59:11 <Quintasan> :P

 17:59:14 <ScottK> About hardware: I think Nexus7 is the right target, but are people really going to do the work.

 17:59:14 <shadeslayer> ^

 17:59:16 <yofel> I already have one

 17:59:50 <shadeslayer> its a fun project, but I don't think I will have the time to hack on it alot ....

 18:00:37 <shadeslayer> already have a TF101, which kind of works ....

 18:00:46 <yofel> we should probably discuss that on the ML once we have something that actually installs and runs

 18:00:53 <Quintasan> +1 yofel

 18:00:57 <shadeslayer> *nod*

 18:01:10 * shadeslayer has to leave now

 18:01:14 <shadeslayer> cya

 18:01:15 <jussi> ScottK: I will commit to doing testing at lease 3 times a week.

 18:01:26 * ScottK suggests we get active packaged before spending money on hardware to test it.

 18:01:33 <jussi> ScottK: yes

 18:01:39 <yofel> ack

 18:01:55 <jussi> Also, I would suggest we think about giving them as a lend and circulating them if people don't have time.

 18:02:07 <jussi> either you do something with it or you lose it

 18:02:18 <Riddell> yeah

 18:02:31 <Riddell> ok no immediate enthusiam we'll come back to that later

 18:02:33 <Riddell> #endtopic

 18:02:36 <Riddell> or something

 18:02:42 <Riddell> any other business?

 18:02:46 <jussi> If you contribute for a whole cycle, you get to keepm it as areward or something

 18:02:55 <JontheEchidna> I don't think we can proceed with any of Harald's items without Harald

 18:03:01 <Riddell> yeah

 18:03:33 <Quintasan> Riddell: I mean it would be nice to buy them outright but if things don't work out immediately then we will have nexuses lying around for nothing :(

 18:03:35 <ScottK> We can declare them invalid.

 18:03:43 <Quintasan> ScottK: +9001

 18:03:54 * Quintasan giggles

 18:04:09 <ScottK> Riddell: I say endmeeting then.

 18:04:28 <Riddell> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)