#title #ubuntu-meeting Meeting

Meeting started by slangasek at 15:01:30 UTC.  The full logs are
available at
http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2012/ubuntu-meeting.2012-06-20-15.01.log.html
.



== Meeting summary ==

 *lightning round
''LINK:'' http://paste.ubuntu.com/1051056/ - in case it doesnt  (ev, 15:14:45)
''ACTION:'' xnox to deal with dpkg fallout  (xnox, 15:27:47)

 *Bugs

 *AOB



Meeting ended at 16:05:09 UTC.



== Votes ==




== Action items ==

 * xnox to deal with dpkg fallout



== Action items, by person ==

 * xnox
 ** xnox to deal with dpkg fallout



== People present (lines said) ==

 * ev (95)
 * xnox (84)
 * slangasek (68)
 * cjwatson (44)
 * stokachu (40)
 * stgraber (37)
 * ubottu (27)
 * bdmurray (25)
 * ogra_ (21)
 * infinity (16)
 * jodh (11)
 * mvo (6)
 * barry (6)
 * doko (5)
 * meetingology (4)
 * skaet (2)
 * stokachu_ (2)



== Full Log ==


 15:01:30 <slangasek> #startmeeting

 15:01:30 <meetingology> Meeting started Wed Jun 20 15:01:30 2012 UTC.  The chair is slangasek. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 15:01:30 <meetingology> 

 15:01:30 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 15:01:44 <stokachu> o/

 15:01:47 <slangasek> [TOPIC] lightning round

 15:01:56 <slangasek> $ echo $(shuf -e barry doko stgraber jodh ev bdmurray slangasek ogra infinity cjwatson xnox stokachu)

 15:01:59 <slangasek> cjwatson stgraber ev infinity doko bdmurray ogra stokachu barry jodh xnox slangasek

 15:03:21 * xnox in security team they play tag during lightning round. Somebody goes first, and then at the end chooses who goes next. keeps people on their toes & make them follow the meeting ;-)

 15:03:37 <cjwatson> Some minor merges and syncs.

 15:03:37 <cjwatson> Converted apt-setup to new world order for dpkg multiarch configuration.

 15:03:37 <cjwatson> Experimenting with efilinux's interface.

 15:03:37 <cjwatson> Got per-pocket upload permissions working, and deployed them for -backports and -security.

 15:03:41 <cjwatson> Finished LP API exports needed for new-style change-override.

 15:03:43 <cjwatson> Fixed a bug where lp/debian/+source/* imports get confused for Debian source packages that require DEB_VENDOR=debian to extract correctly.

 15:03:47 <cjwatson> Worked on making Archive.copyPackage work for the security team.

 15:03:49 <cjwatson> ..

 15:04:22 <xnox> cjwatson: yeah. is that for lp only or for package-import as well? the DEB_VENDOR bit?

 15:05:03 <cjwatson> LP only

 15:05:11 <stgraber> sorry, still typing

 15:05:35 <cjwatson> udd probably ought to do it but I don't work on that :)

 15:06:41 <ev> stgraber: shall I go while you finish?

 15:06:51 <xnox> cjwatson: ok.

 15:07:56 <slangasek> ev: go ahead

 15:08:19 <ev> - Updated average time between failures to the latest nvd3 goodness and told

 15:08:19 <ev> it to fetch up to 30 days (efficiently) at a time, so you should start to

 15:08:20 <ev> see a better picture being formed once that gets deployed.

 15:08:20 <ev> - Cleaned up the problem pages on errors.ubuntu.com. We now have colorized

 15:08:20 <ev> traces for both binary and interpreted crashes.

 15:08:20 <ev> - Wrote an LEP for the bugs to fixed binary packages work in Launchpad.

 15:08:20 <ev> Waiting to hear back from Francis and Rob:

 15:08:21 <ev> https://dev.launchpad.net/LEP/BugsToFixedBinaries

 15:08:21 <ev> - Had a long conversation with pitti over the design of the duplicates

 15:08:22 <ev> database. The existing model lets multiple crash signatures exist and has an

 15:08:22 <ev> algorithm to map duplicate bug reports to the correct master bug report for

 15:08:23 <ev> a given signature. We agreed that this wasn't ideal. This is especially so

 15:08:23 <ev> given that errors.ubuntu.com effectively uses crash signatures as a primary

 15:08:24 <ev> key and I've run head first into this in attempting to weld apport's

 15:08:40 <ev> - Duplicating lots of bugs to a single bug used to cause timeouts.

 15:08:40 <ev> - Before we had nice controls around per bug mail notification people would

 15:08:40 <ev> get spammed with messages they didn't care about.

 15:08:40 <ev> - Sometimes two distinct problems share the same crash signature.

 15:08:40 <ev> The first two points are resolved and the second one needs to be addressed

 15:08:40 <ev> properly. So we agreed that the following will be done:

 15:08:41 <ev> - We'll have a single master bug for a given crash signature.

 15:08:41 <ev> - As the problem gets fixed in releases, the release task status will be

 15:08:42 <ev> changed.

 15:08:42 <ev> - We'll let developers split apart crashes with the same signature by

 15:08:43 <ev> creating a new signature using the server-side apport hooks.

 15:08:55 <ev> - Since we didn't have a team meeting last week, you fortunately missed my

 15:08:56 <ev> detailed whinging of why talking to Launchpad as a web service is a road

 15:08:56 <ev> paved with landmines. I was going to build a celery worker to service

 15:08:56 <ev> requests to communicate with Launchpad, but I talked with Rob about it some

 15:08:56 <ev> more and he felt that the more expedient option of talking straight HTTP to

 15:08:56 <ev> Launchpad's API was acceptable.

 15:08:56 <ev> - So I wrote code to do just this for the case of creating bugs

 15:08:57 <ev> from the errors.ubuntu.com front page as part of the e.u.c API and bound

 15:08:57 <ev> the AJAX code I had written for handling this POST operation to it. I'm

 15:08:58 <ev> also going to have the bucketing process automatically create these bugs

 15:08:58 <ev> when the instance count gets above 30 or so, so you'll likely rarely see

 15:08:59 <ev> the 'create bug' links or care about them.

 15:09:08 <ev> - Started writing the Daisy (Cassandra) apport crashdb implementation

 15:09:08 <ev> (lp:~ev/apport/daisy-duplicates-db) as eluded to above. This will let

 15:09:08 <ev> crash-digger and the daisy.ubuntu.com retracers share knowledge of the

 15:09:08 <ev> mapping of crash signatures to bugs. This in turn will let us have 'create

 15:09:08 <ev> bug' links on http://errors.ubuntu.com and is required for the 'fixed binary

 15:09:08 <ev> packages for a given crash signature' work.

 15:09:08 <ev> - Verified the latest USB disks for the shop.

 15:09:15 <ev> - Started implementing errors from hanging applications in apport

 15:09:15 <ev> (lp:~ev/apport/reports-from-hangs) now that we have an approach that the

 15:09:16 <ev> security team is happy with:

 15:09:16 <ev> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/whoopsie-daisy/+bug/1006398

 15:09:16 <ev> - Looked into handling hanging Python applications with help from Colin:

 15:09:16 <ev> https://bugs.launchpad.net/whoopsie/+bug/1015080

 15:09:16 <ev> - Started implementing recoverable error reporting in apport.

 15:09:18 <ev> - Fixed some minor bugs in lp:daisy and lp:errors.

 15:09:19 <ev> - Landed my libwhoopsie branch on trunk and released a new version.

 15:09:19 <ev> - Landed by 'show previous crash reports' branch on lp:activity-log-manager.

 15:09:19 <ev> Cleaned things up for a release, but after talking with the zeitgeist guys

 15:09:19 <ev> that wont be until next week.

 15:09:20 <ev> (done)

 15:09:21 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1006398 in whoopsie-daisy (Ubuntu) "Bypassing ptrace restrictions for errors from hanging applications" [Undecided,New]

 15:09:23 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1015080 in Whoopsie "Retrieve Python tracebacks from hanging applications" [Wishlist,New]

 15:09:33 * stgraber is ready now

 15:09:40 <infinity> Is it just me, or are the novels getting longer?

 15:09:40 * xnox is there a pager plugin for xchat?

 15:09:47 <ev> infinity: :)

 15:09:49 <ogra_> infinity, they are

 15:09:53 <stokachu> i cant read fast enough

 15:10:29 <stgraber> - 12.04.1

 15:10:29 <stgraber> - Preparing team meeting, team meeting and meeting notes.

 15:10:29 <stgraber> - Helped verify a few items in the queue

 15:10:29 <stgraber> - Containers

 15:10:29 <stgraber> - Improved our apparmor profiles to be easier to edit/fork by our users

 15:10:31 <stgraber> - Converted Serge's initial work on liblxc into a quilt patch

 15:10:34 <stgraber> - Implemented python3-lxc, a python C binding of liblxc0 with some python overrides

 15:10:37 <stgraber> - Got test packages built and published in my PPA

 15:10:39 <stgraber> - Working on updating the bindings as Serge implements new features in liblxc

 15:10:43 <stgraber> - Still need some more work on memory/error management in my C code...

 15:10:45 <stgraber> - ISO tracker

 15:10:47 <stgraber> - Implemented the remaining items from the QA team

 15:10:50 <stgraber> - Merged the testcase management branches into their respective trunk branches

 15:10:53 <stgraber> - Got IS to deploy the new code and ran the DB upgrade, so far all looks good

 15:10:56 <stgraber> - Worked on a few minor UI fixes that should land later this week

 15:10:59 <stgraber> - Networking

 15:11:01 <stgraber> - Posted a long reply to a bridge-utils Debian bug, trying to explain how that

 15:11:04 <stgraber> even based networking stuff works in Ubuntu.

 15:11:07 <stgraber> - Other

 15:11:09 <stgraber> - Patch pilot on Friday

 15:11:12 <stgraber> - TODO this week

 15:11:14 <stgraber> - Minor bugfixes to the ISO tracker

 15:11:17 <stgraber> - More LXC work on the API and python binding, hoping to have something we can send

 15:11:20 <stgraber> upstream over the next few weeks.

 15:11:22 <stgraber> - Go through the networking bugs, merge/sync the networking packages, including bumping isc-dhcp

 15:11:25 <stgraber> to 4.2. SRU any important fix found while doing that.

 15:11:28 <stgraber> - Continue going through the pending-sru and help for these that are stuck on verification-needed

 15:11:31 <stgraber> (DONE)

 15:11:33 <stgraber> oh, and I'll be off on Monday (Quebec day)

 15:12:00 <infinity> - Lots of PlusOneMaint fixing, sponsoring and archiveadminning

 15:12:00 <infinity> - Dealt with several SRU kernels

 15:12:00 <infinity> - Hunted down one mono/armel bug, only to find that the natty kernels are giving us more issues; this needs escalating

 15:12:03 <infinity> - dpkg merge done, with upgrade fallout needing to be dealt with

 15:12:06 <infinity> - debhelper merge and eglibc fix in to match the new dpkg

 15:12:08 <infinity> ...

 15:12:19 * infinity needs to write these things earlier, so he can be as verbose as the cool kids.

 15:12:22 <slangasek> ev: I think one of your sentences got cut off ;) "weld apport's [...]"

 15:12:37 <xnox> ev: so did you have to manually adjust the sizes of the usbsticks to make them fit for validation purposes?

 15:12:38 <ogra_> infinity, dont ! i have to summarize it for the release meeting

 15:12:46 <ev> slangasek: rubbish, okay….pasting

 15:13:29 <doko> - gcc-4.7 c++11/c++98 ABI issues

 15:13:36 <doko> - python3 porting jam

 15:13:44 <doko> - python3.3 updates, and cross builds

 15:13:46 <doko> ..

 15:14:04 <ev> key and I've run head first into this in attempting to weld apport's

 15:14:04 <ev> duplicates database into daisy's Cassandra database. The reasons for this

 15:14:05 <ev> behavior were as follows:

 15:14:05 <ev> - Duplicating lots of bugs to a single bug used to cause timeouts.

 15:14:05 <ev> - Before we had nice controls around per bug mail notification people would

 15:14:05 <ev> get spammed with messages they didn't care about.

 15:14:05 <ev> - Sometimes two distinct problems share the same crash signature.

 15:14:11 <ev> The first two points are resolved and the second one needs to be addressed

 15:14:12 <ev> properly. So we agreed that the following will be done:

 15:14:12 <ev> - We'll have a single master bug for a given crash signature.

 15:14:12 <ev> - As the problem gets fixed in releases, the release task status will be

 15:14:12 <ev> changed.

 15:14:12 <ev> - We'll let developers split apart crashes with the same signature by

 15:14:12 <ev> creating a new signature using the server-side apport hooks.

 15:14:18 <ev> - Since we didn't have a team meeting last week, you fortunately missed my

 15:14:18 <ev> detailed whinging of why talking to Launchpad as a web service is a road

 15:14:19 <ev> paved with landmines. I was going to build a celery worker to service

 15:14:19 <ev> requests to communicate with Launchpad, but I talked with Rob about it some

 15:14:19 <ev> more and he felt that the more expedient option of talking straight HTTP to

 15:14:19 <ev> Launchpad's API was acceptable.

 15:14:23 <ev> hopefully that fills the gap

 15:14:45 <ev> http://paste.ubuntu.com/1051056/ - in case it doesnt

 15:14:48 <bdmurray> porting of update-notifier to python3

 15:14:48 <bdmurray> added in dist-upgrade tag to apport package failures in update-manager

 15:14:49 <bdmurray> made apport not report 'dpkg-deb --control returned error exit status 2' package install failures

 15:14:51 <bdmurray> set up rls-q-incoming report in arsenal and on cranberry

 15:14:54 <bdmurray> set up ubuntu-bugcontrol-tools branch which is separate from ubuntu-qa-tools branch

 15:14:57 <bdmurray> updated bugsquad greasemonkey tags and replies

 15:15:02 <bdmurray> wrote code to check to see if bugs for which a bug pattern has been written are fixed

 15:15:05 <bdmurray> removing bug patterns that exist for fixed bug reports that are no longer needed

 15:15:08 <bdmurray> blog post regarding lp-bug-dupe-properties being merged and how awesome it is

 15:15:11 <bdmurray> landed launchpad branch for bug 912137

 15:15:13 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 912137 in Launchpad itself "bug subscribers portlet sorted in reverse order" [Critical,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/912137

 15:15:13 <bdmurray> Launchpad bug fix for bug 826864 (created_before searchTasks parameter in API)

 15:15:14 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 826864 in compiz-fusion-plugins-main (Ubuntu) "Grid plugin + xterm = no size cycling" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/826864

 15:15:16 <bdmurray> . done .

 15:15:25 * jodh thinks his eyes may have reached todays byte quota.

 15:15:27 <bdmurray> hmm not that bug

 15:15:52 <slangasek> doko: the c++11/c++98 discussion on ubuntu-devel seems to have stalled; can you send a mail today, to make sure the desktop team knows what they need to do to get un-stuck?

 15:16:10 <ogra_> done:

 15:16:10 <ogra_> * some flash-kernel fixes

 15:16:11 <ogra_> * merges

 15:16:11 <ogra_> * started looking into livecd-rootfs to add diversions for flash-kernel where needed when building ac100

 15:16:11 <ogra_> images, turned out to be a missing env var

 15:16:12 <ogra_> * work through ftbfs arm list

 15:16:14 <ogra_> * tested new nvidia-tegra driver with the quantal ac100 kernel

 15:16:15 <doko> ahh, yes, will do

 15:16:16 <ogra_> * piloting

 15:16:18 <ogra_> todo:

 15:16:20 <ogra_> * livefs switch for arm images

 15:16:22 <ogra_> * build ac100 again

 15:16:24 <ogra_> * upload nvidia tegra armhf driver to archive (was waiting for the 3.1 kernel)

 15:16:26 <ogra_> * add support for panda and ac100 to ubuntu-drivers-common

 15:16:28 <ogra_> …

 15:16:32 * xnox wants lightlighting round in mobi format to read on my kindle ahead of meeting ;-)

 15:16:44 <slangasek> bdmurray: update-notifier> I believe I've landed your merge but didn't upload, fwiw

 15:16:44 <stokachu> * DONE http://pad.lv/496922 - Gave detailed instructions on how to extend snmp with external calls

 15:16:45 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 496922 in net-snmp (Ubuntu) "Ubuntu snmpd package doesn't include all net-snmpd modules" [Wishlist,Confirmed]

 15:16:46 <stokachu> * TODO http://pad.lv/578536 - Backported 2 patches that address hanging automount and listing stale mount points in /proc/mounts during a re-read of map entr$

 15:16:47 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 578536 in autofs5 (Ubuntu Natty) "when stopped, automount orphans some mounts" [Medium,Fix committed]

 15:16:48 <stokachu> * TODO http://pad.lv/951343 - SRU and merge proposal done, is now waiting on merge proposals to go through. (On track for 12.04.1)

 15:16:50 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 951343 in nss-pam-ldapd (Ubuntu Precise) "[SRU] authentication fails silently with long pam_authz_search filter" [Medium,In progress]

 15:16:50 <stokachu> * DONE http://pad.lv/933903 - SRU added and pushed to precise-proposed (On track for 12.04.1)

 15:16:51 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 933903 in dropbear (Debian) "Dropbear's initramfs scripts mount /dev/pts a second time" [Unknown,New]

 15:16:53 <stokachu> Data Not Available

 15:16:58 <stokachu> oops

 15:17:08 <stokachu> * TODO http://pad.lv/977952 - Blocked on http://pad.lv/977947 being completed.

 15:17:09 <stokachu> * TODO http://pad.lv/977940 - SRU complete, waiting on micahg response from comment #5. (On track for 12.04.1)

 15:17:11 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 977952 in libbonoboui (Ubuntu Precise) "Please transition libbonoboui to multi-arch" [Medium,Triaged]

 15:17:11 <stokachu> * TODO http://pad.lv/977964 - SRU template written, needs debdiff for precise. (On track for 12.04.1)

 15:17:12 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 977947 in libbonobo (Ubuntu Quantal) "Please transition libbonobo to multi-arch" [Medium,Triaged]

 15:17:13 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 977940 in gnome-vfs (Ubuntu Precise) "Please transition gnome-vfs to multi-arch" [Medium,In progress]

 15:17:13 <stokachu> * DONE http://pad.lv/890928 - SRU complete, pushed to -proposed (On track for 12.04.1)

 15:17:14 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 977964 in libart-lgpl (Ubuntu Precise) "Please transition libart-lgpl to multi-arch" [Medium,Triaged]

 15:17:15 <stokachu> * Additional Issues brought to my attention

 15:17:15 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 890928 in libxkbfile (Ubuntu Precise) "When trying to install libxkbfile1:i386 the pkg manager asks to remove too many important packages [Multi-arch]" [Low,Fix committed]

 15:17:17 <stokachu> ** TODO http://pad.lv/979661 - Need to discuss with Foundations on status of case.

 15:17:18 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 979661 in update-manager (Ubuntu Quantal) "oneiric to precise: debconf: unable to initialize frontend: Gnome and falls back to Dialog" [High,Confirmed]

 15:17:36 <slangasek> bdmurray: in addition to the rls-q-incoming report, will you also set up a report for tracking accepted targeted bugs, please?

 15:17:42 <stokachu> ...

 15:17:48 <slangasek> (AFAIK we don't have that yet? or I don't know the URL)

 15:18:12 <bdmurray> slangasek: I'd thought that launchpad was sufficient for tracking those

 15:18:32 <slangasek> bdmurray: not afaik because we can't get the report directly from LP broken down by team :/

 15:18:39 <bdmurray> I had typoed bug 8268654

 15:18:40 <ubottu> Error: Launchpad bug 8268654 could not be found

 15:18:47 <bdmurray> I had typoed bug 826854

 15:18:48 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 826854 in Launchpad itself "It should be possible to search bugs given a range of date_created using the API" [Low,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/826854

 15:19:14 <bdmurray> slangasek: If the team accepted the bug won't they know about it?

 15:19:52 <barry> more python 3 porting: apturl (landed), python3-xapian (ongoing upstream discussion), libpeas (upstream supports it, needs packaging work, thanks xnox for the cdbs magic!). helped stgraber with some python3/lxc debugging.  patch piloted.  todo: continue with libpeas and xapian.  what's up with twisted?  done.

 15:20:01 <slangasek> bdmurray: not reliably? :)

 15:20:15 <slangasek> ogra_: is the livefs switch for arm images coming before alpha2?

 15:20:32 <ogra_> slangasek, i was planning to have that before yep

 15:20:42 <xnox> barry: i have further thoughts on the libpeas, will talk to you later.

 15:20:49 <bdmurray> slangasek: okay

 15:20:51 <barry> xnox: cool

 15:20:57 <ogra_> i'll start rolling manually built images tomorrow

 15:21:09 <ogra_> and see what falls over

 15:21:10 <stokachu> if someone has time to review http://pad.lv/951343 to get the merge proposal pushed into proposed i'd appreciate it

 15:21:12 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 951343 in nss-pam-ldapd (Ubuntu Precise) "[SRU] authentication fails silently with long pam_authz_search filter" [Medium,In progress]

 15:21:57 <stgraber> stokachu: I can do that

 15:22:10 <stokachu> stgraber: great, thanks!

 15:22:55 <stokachu> xnox: i backported 2 patches for autofs, assuming test goes well do you think it'd be a problem getting SRU for lucid? Data Not Available

 15:22:56 <xnox> jodh: buffer overflow ? =)

 15:23:01 <stokachu> xnox: http://is.gd/RpIFyQ

 15:23:19 <stokachu> sorry, paste buffer is being stupid

 15:23:38 <xnox> stokachu: i have problems with 5.0.6, working on them. Will check if you picked up a broken patch or not which does check_nfs

 15:23:46 <slangasek> jodh: your turn

 15:24:02 <jodh> * boot/upstart: Working on stateful re-exec.

 15:24:02 <jodh> - Can now mostly serialise and deserialise Sessions, Events and

 15:24:02 <jodh> Processes in basic form and getting close with JobClasses.

 15:24:02 <jodh> - Identified that we'll need json-c version 0.10 (currently beta)

 15:24:05 <jodh> for Upstart as previous library versions don't appear to provide

 15:24:08 <jodh> the ability to detect garbage JSON data which can lead to crashes.

 15:24:12 <jodh> j

 15:25:12 <xnox> stokachu: did you right the patch or did you backported/cherrypicked stuff?

 15:25:12 <slangasek> is 'j' the unicode 'done' marker of the day? :)

 15:25:24 <stokachu> xnox: cherry picked

 15:25:28 <ogra_> excess flood ?

 15:25:29 <xnox> stokachu: ok.

 15:25:41 <jodh> slangasek: yeah. It's a good letter :)

 15:25:47 <slangasek> jodh: heh

 15:25:54 <slangasek> jodh: do you know when json-c 0.10 is due out?

 15:26:02 * xnox should it not be "-- Sir J." ?! =)

 15:26:13 <jodh> slangasek: no - will chase up on that.

 15:26:51 <xnox> may I?

 15:26:54 <slangasek> xnox: yes

 15:26:56 <xnox> * python sprint: helped porting apt-btrfs-snapshot,

 15:26:57 <xnox> ubuntu-drivers-common, apparmor. Helped with packaging

 15:26:57 <xnox> questions. The funny one, was libpeas with cdbs flavor's build

 15:26:57 <xnox> helpers with barry.

 15:26:57 <xnox> * became a core-dev! made good progress on boost1.49, only a couple of

 15:26:57 <xnox> merges gcc-4.7/ftbs left to complete that transition

 15:26:59 <xnox> * verified that http://lwn.net/Articles/502482/ is fix-released across

 15:27:01 <xnox> affected kernels in all releases (precise, quantal)

 15:27:03 <xnox> * LVM ubiquity design is in progress, unblocked - there are things

 15:27:05 <xnox> that I can start implementing

 15:27:07 <xnox> * waiting for somebody with ubiquity/partman knowledge to respond to

 15:27:09 <xnox> an email on ubuntu-installer mailing list

 15:27:11 <xnox> * had various discussions on how to make raid more reliable in private

 15:27:13 <xnox> email and bug reports on launchpad (there is more scope post-quantal

 15:27:15 <xnox> for hardware raid & network attached raid's)

 15:27:17 <xnox> * merged latest mdadm, need to test it then it will be ready for

 15:27:19 <xnox> upload

 15:27:20 <jodh> xnox: did I miss something in the birthday honours list? :)

 15:27:23 <xnox> * merged latest autofs, discovered that upstream added an extra fork

 15:27:25 <xnox> in the pre-demonisation. This broke the current upstart job. With

 15:27:27 <xnox> jodh's help, we pinned it down. Need to write a small patch, retest,

 15:27:29 <xnox> submit to debian/upstream, and upload to quantal.

 15:27:31 <xnox> * the new UTAH (ubuntu test automation harness) for automatic testing

 15:27:33 <xnox> is not yet fully ready yet. I should be able to start writing

 15:27:35 <xnox> automated boot/failure tests for raid/btrfs/lvm/grub in a 1-2 weeks,

 15:27:37 <xnox> according to gemma. Subscribed to utah-devel and tracking progress.

 15:27:39 <xnox> * did progress on drafting Event Driven initramfs (jump in work

 15:27:41 <xnox> items). Still needs more copy editing & detailed transition plan of

 15:27:43 <xnox> all the initramfs top/bottom/etc/ scripts to upstart. Similar

 15:27:45 <xnox> analysis was previously done, but needs to be revisited for quantal.

 15:27:47 <xnox> #action xnox to deal with dpkg fallout

 15:27:47 * meetingology xnox to deal with dpkg fallout

 15:27:49 * xnox wonders if that went through or not....

 15:27:57 <stgraber> stokachu: uploaded

 15:27:57 <xnox> jodh: it's the perk for working on upstart

 15:28:06 <stokachu> stgraber: perfect thank you :D

 15:28:40 <infinity> xnox: I have no overwhelming urge to own dpkg, but if you need a sounding board for ideas (and I imagine you will, doesn't seem like the sort of thing that should be done in a vacuum), hit me up.

 15:29:22 <xnox> infinity: ok, thank you. I haven't yet hacked dpkg itself. so it might be steep or not.

 15:29:47 <slangasek> cjwatson, ev, stgraber: have you seen the mail to ubuntu-installer that xnox mentions above he's waiting for a response to?

 15:29:53 <stgraber> stokachu: I only saw jamespage's comments in the merge proposals after uploading, so it's not impossible they both get rejected as the changelog entry is indeed not really descriptive of the problem/fix

 15:30:23 <stokachu> stgraber: ah hopefully arges will follow up with that

 15:30:24 <stgraber> stokachu: I also had to change the version number and pocket + run update-maintainer for it to match the SRU policies

 15:30:24 <ev> huh, I don't seem to be getting mails from it

 15:30:27 <cjwatson> slangasek: yes, in my queue :-/

 15:30:28 <stokachu> stgraber: im just the messenger on that one

 15:30:30 <ev> I wonder if I'm subscribed with evand@

 15:30:45 <slangasek> dpkg in a vacuum sounds like a good way to burn out the motor

 15:31:04 <slangasek> ev: do you think you could pluck that out of cjwatson's queue? :)

 15:31:09 <cjwatson> Hah

 15:31:17 <stgraber> stokachu: well, it's a bit late to follow up as I already uploaded it ;) but they are definitely good remarks that apply to any SRU

 15:31:25 <ev> just digging up the email

 15:31:31 <stokachu> stgraber: ok ill make sure to relay that to arges

 15:31:42 <slangasek> my go then?

 15:31:44 <slangasek> * partner archive work

 15:31:44 <slangasek> * dpkg multiarch triggers syntax fix-up (bug #1015329)

 15:31:44 <slangasek> * internal discussions around SecureBoot

 15:31:44 <slangasek> * meeting last week to discuss structuring the SRU team work effectively

 15:31:46 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1015329 in dpkg (Ubuntu) "dpkg fails to run after update (error: file triggers record mentions illegal package name `libgtk2.0-0' (for interest in file `/usr/lib/x86_64-linux-gnu/gtk-2.0/2.10.0/immodules'): ambiguous package name 'libgtk2.0-0' with more than one installed instance)" [Critical,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1015329

 15:31:48 <slangasek> (done)

 15:32:17 <slangasek> any questions?

 15:32:26 <xnox> ev: quick summary: to support different types per recipe (normal/lvm/lukslvm) the data structure in ubi-partman needs to be extended with multiple recipes per disk / installation method (where method is whole disk, resize, biggest free)

 15:32:47 <xnox> ev: i wasn't sure what is the best way to go about supporting that.

 15:33:37 <xnox> slangasek: the SRU team work bit, did that get posted? I saw that skaet promised summaries meeting notes or something.

 15:33:41 <cjwatson> xnox: it's possible you'll need to beef up the backend, as some of the guided partitioning methods don't offer a disk choice

 15:33:55 <cjwatson> I wouldn't have thought recipes were the first concern though

 15:34:14 <slangasek> xnox: ah, there's a google doc at present

 15:34:15 <xnox> cjwatson: aha, true. I'll do a prototype and see how it will bullet trace ;-)

 15:34:49 <stokachu> this may be out of place but i think stgraber should get a reward for all the hardwork he's doing between 12.04.1, qa, and dev :D

 15:34:54 <slangasek> I don't know if skaet was planning to post the minutes more publically than that - we all have action items to update the wiki documentation though

 15:35:16 <skaet> slangasek,  I'll put out a cleaned up summary

 15:35:21 <slangasek> ok

 15:35:32 <xnox> slangasek: ok. fair enough. it was not clear if it was public / only-people-from-the-meeting

 15:36:05 * xnox wonders if skaet lurks in every meeting? =))))

 15:36:15 <slangasek> stokachu: we'll double stgraber's weekly stipend of kudos ;-)

 15:36:24 <stokachu> lol

 15:36:37 <infinity> slangasek: Do you know, off-hand, if we can escalate the buildd upgrades any further than they've already been escalated? :P

 15:36:38 <stokachu> or a "kool kat of the week" poster

 15:36:40 <stokachu> :P

 15:36:51 <stokachu> or just a drawing on a sheet of paper would work too

 15:36:54 <slangasek> infinity: last I saw the ticket was waiting for a response from you

 15:36:57 <xnox> cjwatson: I see your point about concern's priority. it looked to me as the next thing to do, while the design / manual partitioner was pending.

 15:37:06 <cjwatson> slangasek: not as of a few minutes ago

 15:37:10 <infinity> slangasek: Yeah, I responded with a list of "all the buildds".

 15:37:13 <slangasek> ok

 15:38:05 <ev> xnox: adding to the above, options and extra_options aren't set in stone, but if you do change them, be careful to make sure you change them everywhere. That code isn't well tested yet.

 15:38:16 <ev> And hey, it's an excellent opportunity to build some unit tests in :)

 15:38:17 <cjwatson> Yeah

 15:38:29 * xnox ok. thank you guys.

 15:38:34 <cjwatson> On all counts

 15:38:36 <slangasek> infinity: it should already be near the top of the priority list then; I can attach a deadline to the ticket if there actually is one

 15:38:40 <ev> :)

 15:39:06 <slangasek> [TOPIC] Bugs

 15:39:11 <cjwatson> slangasek: make one up, everyone else does

 15:39:27 <infinity> slangasek: Can it be in the past? :P

 15:39:36 <bdmurray> bug 1013276 may be fall out from our work

 15:39:38 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1013276 in update-manager (Ubuntu) "update-manager crashed with ImportError in __main__: No module named UpdateManager.UpdateManager" [High,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1013276

 15:39:40 <slangasek> infinity: did someone die when we failed to meet it? :-P

 15:39:44 <cjwatson> slangasek: it's not desperately high up the list on https://portal.admin.canonical.com/q/ubuntu_engineering though

 15:40:13 <cjwatson> On Python 3 porting: I had some feedback on http://bugs.debian.org/cgi-bin/bugreport.cgi?bug=625509 to the effect that Python 3.3 arranges for subprocess.Popen(universal_newlines=True) to influence the handling of stdin as well as of stdout/stderr; so we may need to account for that in work we've done so far.

 15:40:14 <xnox> slangasek: a good deadline is 3 weeks before precise+1 freeze, but before the next archive rebuild for q :P made up, soon, sounds like a pressing goal

 15:40:17 <ubottu> Debian bug 625509 in python-debian "python-debian: please port to Py3k" [Normal,Open]

 15:40:28 <cjwatson> bdmurray: urgh

 15:41:11 <cjwatson> ... but how?

 15:41:14 * barry can take a look at the um bugs

 15:41:17 <stokachu> none of this would be an issue if it was all written in lisp :X

 15:41:41 <ev> because none of it would be written

 15:41:44 <ev> :-P

 15:41:45 <barry> stokachu: forth

 15:41:45 <stokachu> LOL

 15:42:02 <cjwatson> It's in the same package and everything

 15:42:10 <cjwatson> ProcCmdline: /usr/bin/python /usr/bin/update-manager

 15:42:11 <cjwatson> Oh

 15:42:11 * xnox hhhmmmm lisp. btw emacs24 still didn't ping the maintainer about the plans

 15:42:21 <cjwatson> I wonder what's invoking that with Python 2

 15:42:42 <barry> xnox: let's get emacs24 for q!

 15:42:49 <slangasek> instead of calling it directly?  weird

 15:42:59 <bdmurray> oh strange I'd missed that

 15:43:47 <stokachu> if only chromium ran within emacs i'd never need a DE again

 15:44:05 <cjwatson> Unless I'm misunderstanding - but on my system update-manager is #!/usr/bin/python3.2

 15:44:14 <cjwatson> (which is a bug in itself, that should be #!/usr/bin/python3)

 15:44:15 <barry> stokachu: x is just the bagel bringing you the lox of emacs

 15:44:19 <bdmurray> I wonder if there is some checking we should do in apport for the InterpreterPath

 15:44:27 <ogra_> ++

 15:44:29 <stokachu> barry: lol agreed

 15:44:35 <infinity> I'd assume it's the old update-manager?

 15:44:36 <xnox> stokachu: there were patches for embedable gtk viewports into emacs windows. So epiphany/gtk-webkit should be doable and there was a demo of that.

 15:44:48 <cjwatson> infinity: Package: update-manager 1:0.163

 15:44:50 <cjwatson> which is new

 15:44:55 <stokachu> xnox: sweet im checking that out

 15:45:14 <infinity> cjwatson: Is this not mid-upgrade?  It doesn't (un)cleverly re-exec itself at some point, does it?

 15:45:53 <xnox> infinity: .... it kind of does if you abort for example. ANd how would you be ever be running the new update-manager on the old system?

 15:46:11 * xnox thought that upgrade-manager bugs will start appearing in Qunatal -> R upgrades

 15:46:27 <slangasek> the bug report says the system was installed from 12.10 media, so this should be a pretty ordinary situation

 15:46:51 <infinity> Well, I mean you could start with the old, upgrade, and then have the old attempt to re-exec "itself" with its old cmdline, which would then end up calling the python3 version with python2... *hand wavy random guessing*

 15:46:53 <xnox> ah, ok.

 15:47:01 <slangasek> can someone follow up to the bug and ask the submitter how u-m was being run?  I don't think we want to spend more time in the meeting speculating

 15:47:08 * xnox confused update-manager and upgrade-manager

 15:47:23 <cjwatson> infinity: If it re-execs itself, you'd hope it'd honour the #!

 15:47:28 <bdmurray> I think cjwatson did already

 15:47:31 <slangasek> ok

 15:47:38 <slangasek> bdmurray: other bugs?

 15:47:42 <bdmurray> bug 1013511 regarding usb-creator

 15:47:43 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1013511 in usb-creator (Ubuntu) "Unable to create Ubuntu 12.04 installation USB stick on Ubuntu 12.04" [Medium,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1013511

 15:48:09 * xnox takes it

 15:48:44 <xnox> i think i was affected as well

 15:48:46 <bdmurray> great that just leaves bug 929092 which has a patch or two

 15:48:48 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 929092 in ubiquity (Ubuntu) "ubiquity crashed with DBusException in call_blocking(): org.freedesktop.DBus.GLib.UnmappedError.NmSettingWirelessSecurityErrorQuark.Code1: Failed to determine AP security information" [Medium,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/929092

 15:49:47 <xnox> well one branch had loads of conflicts, I marked it 'needs-fixing' minutes after it was submitting

 15:49:51 <xnox> didn't see the other branch

 15:50:07 <xnox> well, because it was not proposed for a merge & I am not subscribed to that bugmail

 15:50:45 <xnox> i could review it, but maybe someone else wants it?

 15:51:02 <ev> not it

 15:51:08 <slangasek> xnox: are you talking about bug #929092 now?

 15:51:11 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 929092 in ubiquity (Ubuntu) "ubiquity crashed with DBusException in call_blocking(): org.freedesktop.DBus.GLib.UnmappedError.NmSettingWirelessSecurityErrorQuark.Code1: Failed to determine AP security information" [Medium,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/929092

 15:51:19 <xnox> slangasek: yes.

 15:51:35 <xnox> 448        if len(passphrase) > 8 and \

 15:51:35 <xnox> 449           len(passphrase) < 64 :

 15:51:35 <xnox> 450            return True

 15:51:35 <xnox> 451        if len(passphrase) == 64:

 15:51:35 <xnox> 452            for c in passphrase:

 15:51:36 <xnox> 453                if not c in string.hexdigits: return False

 15:51:38 <xnox> 454            return True

 15:51:38 <cjwatson> infinity: (anyway, fwiw, the dpkg terminal log doesn't seem to indicate that's mid-upgrade)

 15:51:40 <xnox> 455        else:

 15:51:42 <xnox> 456            return False

 15:51:42 <cjwatson> (from timing)

 15:51:44 <xnox> looks beautiful.....

 15:51:58 <infinity> cjwatson: Yeah, I noticed that after the random guessing.

 15:52:47 <slangasek> stgraber: maybe you want to have a look at this bug, given that it involves strange corner cases with wireless?

 15:53:25 <stgraber> slangasek: yeah, I can take a look

 15:53:34 <slangasek> assigned

 15:53:38 * xnox want's to type a 9 character passphrase with a unicode character in between

 15:53:41 <slangasek> bdmurray: anything else?

 15:53:49 <bdmurray> slangasek: nope

 15:53:58 <slangasek> stokachu mentioned bug #979661 in his lightning round

 15:54:00 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 979661 in update-manager (Ubuntu Quantal) "oneiric to precise: debconf: unable to initialize frontend: Gnome and falls back to Dialog" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/979661

 15:54:21 <slangasek> as "Need to discuss with Foundations" - shall we discuss? :)

 15:55:16 <stokachu> sure, so this was brought to my attention from a coworker

 15:55:17 <slangasek> cjwatson: AIUI update-manager is supposed to be detecting a terminal prompt, and that's not happening

 15:55:22 <slangasek> is that your understanding?

 15:55:53 * slangasek targets to 12.04.1

 15:56:17 <stokachu> slangasek: would you mind setting importance to high as well?

 15:56:21 <mvo> * fix automatic expand of the terminal if no activity happend

 15:56:21 <mvo> for >300s (LP: #993190)

 15:56:22 <mvo> this one?

 15:56:28 <slangasek> stokachu: yes, because I just set it to critical instead ;D

 15:56:31 <slangasek> mvo: yes

 15:56:44 <stokachu> lol sweet

 15:56:46 <mvo> this needs reupload to proposed

 15:56:54 <mvo> its in the precise branch of u-m

 15:57:18 <slangasek> mvo: thanks

 15:57:23 <cjwatson> still a hack though

 15:57:37 <mvo> yes :/

 15:57:42 <cjwatson> expanding after five minutes - well, it might help for some people, depending on their attention span

 15:57:43 <slangasek> yes... but a hack may be the best we can hope for in time for 12.04.1

 15:57:49 <cjwatson> isn't there a way to tell whether the terminal is waiting for input

 15:57:50 <cjwatson> ?

 15:58:14 * xnox grep the dpkg.log?

 15:58:26 <cjwatson> it's using vte, it ought to be able to do better than that

 15:58:26 <xnox> or some other debconf log

 15:58:43 <cjwatson> we shouldn't be relying on logs heree

 15:59:54 <slangasek> cjwatson: I think we should go with the hack for now and revisit at leisure... this bug is actively confusing users right now and leaving them with no idea why their upgrade has stalled

 16:00:07 <cjwatson> oh, I agree, it just makes me queasy

 16:00:13 * slangasek nods

 16:00:34 <cjwatson> as long as we aren't under the impression that this actually fixes the bug

 16:00:39 <slangasek> ack

 16:00:53 <slangasek> cjwatson: do you want to open a separate, lower-prio bug for the more fundamental issue?

 16:01:10 <cjwatson> sure

 16:01:14 <slangasek> thanks

 16:01:16 <slangasek> [TOPIC] AOB

 16:01:25 <slangasek> anything else?

 16:01:31 <ev> how have people handled in c what would normally be solved with dependency injection or mocking in other languages?

 16:01:33 <ev> Say I have a function that takes a c string and dispatches off to several different functions. How would you test that given a certain input it selects the right function? (In this case it's taking a response from the server and dispatching off to one of several functions to formulate a reply and send it)

 16:01:35 <stokachu> also could i get an update from micahg on http://pad.lv/977940

 16:01:36 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 977940 in gnome-vfs (Ubuntu Precise) "Please transition gnome-vfs to multi-arch" [Medium,In progress]

 16:01:59 <stokachu> from comment #5

 16:02:08 <slangasek> stokachu: I'm sure you could, but micahg's not on the foundations team ;)

 16:02:10 <ev> building the functions you'd want to mock out into a separate statically linked module, using global variables to track calls, was one suggestion

 16:02:50 <stokachu_> sorry lagging.. re http://pad.lv/977940

 16:02:52 <cjwatson> slangasek: do you know if the package installation failures in 979661 got handled?

 16:02:52 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 977940 in gnome-vfs (Ubuntu Precise) "Please transition gnome-vfs to multi-arch" [Medium,In progress]

 16:03:05 <slangasek> stokachu_: I'm sure you could, but micahg's not on the foundations team ;)

 16:03:15 <skaet> slangasek,  was there resolution on how the c++11 ABI issue was going to get handled with the desktop team?

 16:03:50 <xnox> skaet: slangasek asked doko to send a follow-up / reply

 16:03:53 <slangasek> skaet: the unity stack needs to explicitly build with g++-4.6 until the C++11 ABI settles in 4.7; I've asked doko to follow up to the mailing list so everyone's on the same page

 16:04:14 * xnox sorry

 16:04:27 <slangasek> cjwatson: package installation failures> those weren't on my radar, sorry

 16:04:38 <cjwatson> filed bug 1015656

 16:04:39 <xnox> ev: i'm sure there was a mock library for either C or C++

 16:04:39 <stokachu_> slangasek: ah ok

 16:04:40 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1015656 in update-manager (Ubuntu) "detect attempts to read from embedded terminal widget and auto-expand it" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1015656

 16:04:52 <ev> xnox: there's cmock, but it looks like a giant hack

 16:05:01 <slangasek> ev: sounds like we should probably take that to #ubuntu-devel maybe... I don't think there's going to be a quick answer for you :)

 16:05:09 <slangasek> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)