#title #ubuntu-meeting Meeting

Meeting started by skaet at 15:00:32 UTC.  The full logs are available
at
http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2012/ubuntu-meeting.2012-04-20-15.00.log.html
.



== Meeting summary ==

 *Release general overview - skaet
''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ReleaseTeam/Meeting/2012-04-20   (skaet, 15:01:12)
''LINK:'' https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-April/thread.html   (skaet, 15:01:12)
''LINK:'' http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/kernel-bugs/reports/rls-p-tracking-bugs.html   (skaet, 15:01:45)

 *questions/comments from the weekly status, and about the state of the release in general?
''LINK:'' https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-April/001151.html   (jibel, 15:24:37)



Meeting ended at 16:00:38 UTC.



== Votes ==




== Action items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * skaet (132)
 * pitti (23)
 * cjwatson (21)
 * ogra_ (20)
 * Riddell (9)
 * astraljava (8)
 * jibel (7)
 * stgraber (7)
 * tumbleweed (7)
 * arosales (6)
 * gilir (5)
 * Daviey (5)
 * jdstrand (4)
 * scott-work (3)
 * ubottu (3)
 * meetingology (3)
 * roadmr (3)
 * dbarth_ (3)
 * slangasek (2)
 * highvoltage (2)
 * ogasawara (2)



== Full Log ==


 15:00:32 <skaet> #startmeeting

 15:00:32 <meetingology> Meeting started Fri Apr 20 15:00:32 2012 UTC.  The chair is skaet. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 15:00:32 <meetingology> 

 15:00:32 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 15:01:12 <skaet> [TOPIC] Release general overview - skaet

 15:01:12 <skaet> Please remember to .. when you're done, and o/ if you want us to pause and ask questions. :)

 15:01:12 <skaet> Agenda can be found:

 15:01:12 <skaet> #link https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ReleaseTeam/Meeting/2012-04-20

 15:01:12 <skaet> Individual team status links will be added to it from:

 15:01:12 <skaet> #link https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-April/thread.html

 15:01:14 <skaet> .

 15:01:16 <skaet> We've started creating the release candidates,  and full testing has commenced.   Changes to the unseeded universe can continue to go in, but changes to seeded packages will need to be release critical ( basically blockers and not SRUable) at this point before they'll be accepted.    Please discuss on #ubuntu-release if you see any release blockers pop up during testing immediately.    Testing of the release candid

 15:01:21 <skaet> ates is in progress, so we'll be trying to minimize the respins.

 15:01:23 <skaet> .

 15:01:25 <skaet> #ubuntu-release if questions, please.

 15:01:27 <skaet> .

 15:01:29 <skaet> Schedule is at:

 15:01:31 <skaet> #link https://wiki.ubuntu.com/PrecisePangolin/ReleaseSchedule

 15:01:33 <skaet> Key Upcoming Dates:

 15:01:35 <skaet> � 2012/04/24 - Unseeded Universe Final Freeze at 1200 UTC

 15:01:37 <skaet> � 2012/04/26 - Release!!!

 15:01:41 <skaet> .

 15:01:42 * stgraber waves

 15:01:43 <skaet> Bugs committed to be fixed by the engineering teams can be found:

 15:01:45 <skaet> #link http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/kernel-bugs/reports/rls-p-tracking-bugs.html

 15:01:47 <skaet> Bugs that you would like the engineering teams to consider for fixing, should be assigned to specific teams, so they can be found.

 15:01:50 <skaet> .

 15:01:59 <skaet> We're also now using:  http://pad.ubuntu.com/ubuntu-release

 15:02:03 <skaet> to track the release.

 15:02:40 <skaet> Lots of late incoming status changes now that we're working with Final Freeze,  and I haven't managed to get the paste ups ready.

 15:02:44 <skaet> from the mail list.

 15:03:30 <skaet> will try to get it added before end of meeting.

 15:03:56 <skaet> ..

 15:04:22 <skaet> [TOPIC] questions/comments from the weekly status, and about the state of the release in general?

 15:05:07 <skaet> Please remember to .. when you're done, and o/ if you want us to pause and ask questions. :)

 15:05:25 <pitti> o/

 15:05:27 <cjwatson> o/

 15:05:32 <skaet> General question for all the teams:   Are there any release critical bugs that have not been brought to attention of release team?

 15:05:47 <pitti> bug 985862 just came in

 15:05:50 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 985862 in ubufox (Ubuntu Precise) "Update the start page URL" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/985862

 15:05:51 <pitti> fix being prepared

 15:05:58 <skaet> Please think on that and prepare answers...

 15:06:15 <pitti> (just adding to pad)

 15:06:50 <skaet> thanks pitti,  was that the "o/" or the answer to my question?

 15:06:55 <skaet> ..

 15:06:59 <pitti> skaet: your question, o/ still pending

 15:07:05 <skaet> :)

 15:07:20 <skaet> pitti,  go,  while folk are checking and composing then.   Thanks!

 15:07:29 <skaet> ..

 15:07:36 <pitti> so, we still have a considerably sized http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg

 15:07:39 <cjwatson> maas is still in the queue and I've vaguely gathered that (a) it helps with some of the outstanding component-mismatches and (b) it just needs somebody to sit down and review it all; is now still a good time for that?  I think we've dropped the ball on that one slightly as the release team

 15:08:00 <cjwatson> oh, sorry, misinterpreted pitti.  but I think we're asking about kind of the same thing anyway.

 15:08:00 <pitti> I wanted to ask the server folks if horizon is going to stay seeded, and if so, if at least the python-coverage build dep cuodl be dropped?

 15:08:04 <pitti> it seems non-essential

 15:08:15 <skaet> arosales, Daviey ^

 15:08:23 <pitti> cjwatson: maas is something different AFAICS

 15:08:28 <pitti> but also needs sorting out indeed

 15:08:32 <cjwatson> I can volunteer to do the review if it's still OK

 15:08:34 <pitti> Daviey just returned and he said he'd look at it

 15:08:50 <pitti> it's quite intrusive, and I didn't feel confident enough to yay/nay it

 15:09:17 <arosales> pitti: I believe horizon will need to stay seeded. I'll have to check on the python-coverage dep with zul and adamg

 15:09:23 <cjwatson> I'd certainly rather somebody who knows the code well take care of it, just as long as *somebody* does

 15:09:27 <cjwatson> ..

 15:09:38 <skaet> +1

 15:10:39 <skaet> pitti, arosales,  Daviey able to get to it for today's respin?  or are we looking and possibly having to require an additional one for server later?

 15:10:55 <skaet> ..

 15:10:58 <arosales> a good part of the server team is at ODS conference so we have a bit delayed in some of the work.

 15:11:43 <skaet> arosales,  is there anyone else around, who isn't Daviey or the author) that could knowlegably review it now?

 15:11:52 <skaet> ..

 15:12:03 <arosales> skaet: for MAAS?

 15:12:05 <Daviey> o/

 15:12:13 <cjwatson> (I've just skimmed it and don't see any problems that are obvious to me.)

 15:12:28 <skaet> Daviey.... :)  delighted to see you.

 15:12:32 * Daviey will take MAAS and follow up with horizon stuff today.

 15:12:37 <Daviey> just.. not right now.

 15:12:41 * skaet hugs Daviey

 15:12:51 <Daviey> skaet: I'm not delighted to see a computer :)

 15:13:02 <skaet> Daviey,  ok,  we'll hold off on the respins today until we hear from you on this.

 15:13:39 <skaet> thanks for that initial look cjwatson too.  :)

 15:13:43 <skaet> ..

 15:13:45 * arosales thanks the release team for all the help with the late server landings

 15:13:46 <arosales> ..

 15:14:01 <skaet> cjwatson,  you're question again?

 15:14:06 <cjwatson> handled

 15:14:20 <skaet> coolio.

 15:14:42 <skaet> Daviey,  any question indicated by your 'o/'?

 15:15:14 <skaet> hmm..

 15:15:21 <pitti> . o O { suggestion: \o for hello, o/ for questions :) }

 15:15:22 <Daviey> no, just showing presence.. sorry

 15:15:30 <skaet> :)

 15:15:42 * skaet likes pitti's suggestion.   Next release ;)

 15:16:18 <skaet> ok,  going back to round tabling from each of the teams on release critical non SRUable fixes...?

 15:16:30 <skaet> arosales - is there anything on your team's radar?

 15:16:34 <Riddell> pitti: you're mixing three different styles of ascii art there, confuses my little brain!

 15:16:47 <skaet> lol

 15:17:06 <skaet> ..

 15:17:13 <arosales> skaet: no release critical bugs that I am aware of.

 15:17:19 <skaet> thanks arosales.

 15:17:24 <skaet> cjwatson: ?

 15:17:33 <ogasawara> skaet: none here for the kernel  that I'm aware of.  issues I'm currently tracking should be getting handled in our day-0

 15:17:44 <ogasawara> ..

 15:17:48 <skaet> thanks ogasawara.  :)

 15:17:56 <cjwatson> everything I know of has come up in #ubuntu-release, although as I said in my status update we do need to clear outdated binaries.

 15:18:06 <cjwatson> I'm trawling through the relevant build failures at the moment ...

 15:18:10 <cjwatson> ..

 15:18:16 <skaet> thanks cjwatson.  :)

 15:18:38 <skaet> jibel:  anything showing up from the recent testing that might be suspect?

 15:18:47 <skaet> ..

 15:19:32 <skaet> roadmr or brendand:   from your team?

 15:19:38 <skaet> ..

 15:19:56 <roadmr> skaet: a bug that was subsequently fixed, so we're ok now :)

 15:20:12 <skaet> roadmr,  thanks.  :)

 15:20:35 <roadmr> skaet: it was bug 984387

 15:20:37 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 984387 in Linux "[Dell Studio XPS 1340,Alienware m17x] Kernel panic with 3.0.0-19 and 3.2.0-18 on boot" [Medium,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/984387

 15:21:24 <skaet> :)  thanks for that.  ..?

 15:21:25 <roadmr> ..

 15:21:28 <skaet> :)

 15:22:06 <skaet> mdeslaur,  anything known as potential to from security update between now and next Wednesday?

 15:22:10 <skaet> ..

 15:22:32 <jdstrand> skaet: I'm here for mdeslaur

 15:22:37 * skaet just wants to know if something is under investigation, or if the slate is pretty clear.

 15:22:40 <jdstrand> mdeslaur: don't you come in here :P

 15:22:47 <skaet> thanks jdstrand.

 15:22:49 <jdstrand> (he is on holiday)

 15:22:52 <skaet> :)

 15:22:59 <jdstrand> skaet: nothing is planned

 15:23:04 <skaet> thanks jdstrand.

 15:23:41 <skaet> dbarth_, anything from your team?

 15:23:42 <skaet> ..

 15:23:47 * jibel back

 15:24:05 <skaet> go ahead jibel while we wait for dbarth_ ...

 15:24:23 <skaet> anything showing up on radar that might end up as a blocker from recent tests?

 15:24:24 <skaet> ..

 15:24:30 <jibel> so I sent the list of defects found this week with testing

 15:24:37 <jibel> https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-April/001151.html

 15:25:01 <dbarth_> skaet: hi, not much apart from the last 2 fixes that didrocks added to ubuntu5

 15:25:20 <jibel> and found a bug with cdromupgrade from lucid

 15:25:23 <jibel> bug 986233

 15:25:24 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 986233 in update-manager (Ubuntu) "lucid -> precise cdromupgrade failed without network connection" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/986233

 15:25:26 <jibel> that might be a blocker

 15:25:39 <jibel> ..

 15:26:03 <skaet> thanks jibel.   Yes,  it needs looking at.

 15:26:12 <skaet> ..

 15:26:26 <skaet> thanks dbarth,  ..?

 15:26:28 <dbarth_> skaet: the rest we're targeting for an upcoming 5.12.0; the bamf issue with duplicated icons (#928912 )

 15:26:30 <dbarth_> ..

 15:26:38 <ogra_> o/

 15:26:41 <skaet> heh, guess not.   Thanks!

 15:26:51 <skaet> ogra_ go.

 15:27:21 <ogra_> we found an issue with the GLES patch that i fixed today ... sadly there is an unuploaded fix in the tree so i couldnt just upload compiz right away

 15:27:58 <ogra_> the gles fix sits in the compiz packaging tree now but i want to wait for didrocks (who is on vacation) to nod off the former fix 8else i had uploaded right now)

 15:28:14 <ogra_> apparenly he is back on monday though...

 15:28:24 <ogra_> the fix is tested and makes everything work fine now

 15:28:25 <ogra_> ..

 15:28:39 <skaet> ogra_ yeah, but given the arm build times, etc.  monday is getting pretty late.

 15:28:58 <skaet> pitti,  who is didrock's backup on this sort of thing?

 15:29:07 <pitti> there is no formal backup

 15:29:17 <pitti> I'd suggest to just uplaod the patch, and adjust bzr accordingly

 15:29:24 <pitti> i. e. push the unpublished change to the next version

 15:29:28 <ogra_> pitti, not possible

 15:29:42 <pitti> oh?

 15:29:50 <pitti> well, I don't know anything else :)

 15:30:00 <ogra_> the arch specific patch needs to sit on top of all other quilt patches sadly

 15:30:04 <pitti> or do you depend on the previous patch?

 15:30:14 <ogra_> i have to redo everything for the next quilt patch again

 15:30:34 <pitti> that sounds like a hell of a patch

 15:30:38 <cjwatson> branch from the last uploaded revision

 15:30:40 <ogra_> right, since i cant be sure the GLES patch doesnt accidentially touch the same files other quilt patches touch

 15:30:57 <cjwatson> then let whoever wants to upload the unuploaded bits worry about merging

 15:31:04 * skaet nods

 15:31:05 <cjwatson> (if necessary)

 15:31:11 <ogra_> cjwatson, that still means i need to completely regenerate everything right after the next quilt patch is added

 15:31:54 <ogra_> it would only help until the next upload ...

 15:31:55 <cjwatson> you can still prepare *this* upload, which is the time-sensitive one, as I understand it

 15:31:58 <pitti> at this point this shoudl be offloaded to #u-devel or desktop, but why?

 15:32:21 <ogra_> cjwatson, yes, but for the first (likely 0 day) SRU i have to start over

 15:32:47 <ogra_> so it doesnt help much for the release if dider uploads to proposed next week and i have to do it again

 15:32:50 <ogra_> ..

 15:33:16 <pitti> patch dependencies and bzr handling seem very independent to me

 15:33:19 <cjwatson> "start over" sounds like it must be hyperbole

 15:33:33 <cjwatson> I'm prepared to believe you have to fiddle about to some extent with quilt

 15:33:47 <cjwatson> but it surely isn't a matter of completely starting from scratch

 15:33:50 <cjwatson> or shouldn't be

 15:34:46 <ogra_> well, we have two trees, the gles patch has to be a diff between these two trees ... if one quilt patch is added to the packjaging tree, linaro has to first update their stuff, then i need to redo the diff between the trees and roll that into a new quilt patch ...

 15:35:28 <ogra_> (thats not the time consuming part, due to the fragile nature of it we have to do testbuilds, tests etc, all in all thats half a workday of one linaro person and me)

 15:35:32 <ogra_> ..

 15:35:32 * pitti still fails to see the connection to the unuploaded patch staged in bzr

 15:35:46 * skaet thinks we need to take this discussion to #ubuntu-release  and  move on here.

 15:36:15 <ogra_> pitti, it touched the same files the gles patch touches, next upload with the unuploaded quilt patch makes arm builds ftbfs

 15:36:25 <ogra_> ..

 15:36:42 <cjwatson> so push and refresh

 15:36:48 <cjwatson> (but yes, #u-r)

 15:37:24 <skaet> Riddell,   any release critical issues lurking in the Kubuntu bugs?

 15:37:41 <Riddell> I have a good feeling there are none

 15:37:53 <skaet> :)

 15:38:07 <Riddell> there was the KDM issue slangasek was tlaking about yeseterday

 15:38:20 <Riddell> which was an issue with libc I think

 15:38:26 <Riddell> I think he fixed it but haven't verified yet

 15:38:29 <slangasek> mea culpa

 15:39:23 <Riddell> I'm away until Monday evening

 15:39:41 <skaet> is ScottK your backup?

 15:39:58 <skaet> for questions?

 15:40:07 <Riddell> he is a reliable chap for any breakages yes

 15:40:50 <skaet> Riddell,  who should we be notifying to restart the kubuntu testing, when we respin?

 15:41:14 <Riddell> ScottK is good to notify, he can pull the trigger on the kubuntu communnity

 15:41:26 <Riddell> or a !testing ping in #kubuntu-devel

 15:41:27 <skaet> Thanks.  :)   Will do.

 15:41:45 * skaet will do both then...

 15:41:49 <skaet> :)

 15:42:06 <skaet> s/do/try?/

 15:42:16 <skaet> until response

 15:42:18 <skaet> ..

 15:42:51 <skaet> stgraber or highvoltage - any release critical issues lurking in the Edubuntu bugs?

 15:43:16 <stgraber> nope, the worst bug we had so far was wallpapers not showing up in the gnome background dialog :)

 15:43:20 <stgraber> and that's fixed

 15:43:27 <highvoltage> yay

 15:43:27 <skaet> :)

 15:43:45 <skaet> ..?

 15:43:48 <stgraber> so it looks pretty good so far, we have a few smaller bugs reported that I'll make sure we get fixed for 12.10 and possibly for 12.04.1

 15:43:48 <highvoltage> ..

 15:43:51 <stgraber> ..

 15:44:06 <skaet> sounds good.   Thanks stgraber and highvoltage.  :)

 15:44:46 <skaet> astraljava,  knome - any release critical issues lurking in the Xubuntu bugs?

 15:44:56 <astraljava> skaet: Nothing from Xubuntu as we spe*... type.

 15:45:16 <astraljava> Just got a hint of a weird networking issue, but can't specify yet how critical it turns out to be.

 15:45:23 <astraljava> I will do some further testing over the weekend.

 15:45:34 <astraljava> ..

 15:45:52 <skaet> thanks astraljava.   Ok,  will circle back with you on monday.

 15:46:01 <astraljava> Sounds good.

 15:46:03 <astraljava> ..

 15:46:24 <skaet> scott-work, any release critical issues lurking in the Ubuntu Studio bugs?

 15:46:42 <scott-work> no, it is looking good at this time :)

 15:47:04 <scott-work> ..

 15:47:22 <skaet> :)  Thanks scott-work!

 15:47:39 <skaet> gilir,  any release critical issues lurking in the Lubuntu bugs?

 15:47:53 <gilir> no blocker so far, still testing and double checking install failure the team reported

 15:48:05 <gilir> maybe one fix for our keyboard layout application, still need testing

 15:48:11 <gilir> ..

 15:48:37 <skaet> Thanks gilir,  ok,  please post in #ubuntu-release as soon as you know more on those.

 15:48:41 <skaet> ..

 15:48:59 <skaet> anyone I miss?

 15:49:15 <tumbleweed> MOTU, but I don't have any issues I know of

 15:49:20 <tumbleweed> laney is probably more on top of things...

 15:49:21 <tumbleweed> ..

 15:50:09 <skaet> gilir, scott-work, astraljava, highvoltage, stgraber, Riddell, ScottK - any issues with the new ReleaseNotes/* format?   can all the feature and config/install information be ready in it by monday?

 15:50:39 <skaet> Thanks tumbleweed.  :)

 15:51:30 <skaet> ..

 15:52:51 <stgraber> I think Edubuntu is mostly good after highvoltage's edits from yesterday. I'll have another look this weekend.

 15:52:54 <stgraber> ..

 15:53:07 <skaet> Thanks stgraber. :)

 15:53:08 <skaet> ..

 15:53:40 * gilir likes the new format, and it should be ok on monday for us

 15:53:46 <gilir> ..

 15:53:49 <tumbleweed> I have a more general question re the releasenotes format? Are we rolling in any notes from 10.10 -> 11.10? (e.g. the toolchain changes that someone asked about on the list this week). If we are, there doesn't seem to be anywhere in the new structure for toolchain changes

 15:54:01 <tumbleweed> ..

 15:55:08 <astraljava> skaet: I believe Xubuntu will have it ready by Monday, yes.

 15:55:10 <astraljava> ..

 15:55:29 <skaet> tumbleweed,  there's the common infrastructure part to hold that sort of thing.

 15:55:36 <skaet> slangasek, ^^

 15:56:05 <skaet> (its where the upstart and kernel changes are located).

 15:56:12 <skaet> thanks astraljava :)

 15:56:19 <tumbleweed> oh, I didn't see that was shared between all the sub-pages

 15:56:27 <scott-work> skaet: not yet, i'm still digging through it though ;)

 15:57:08 <skaet> fair nuf scott-work.   ping me if you have questions please.  :)

 15:57:10 <slangasek> tumbleweed: ;)  I had removed the references to toolchain versions because I didn't believe it relevant for end-user-facing release notes; but I seem to be outnumbered

 15:57:17 <skaet> :)

 15:57:39 <tumbleweed> the people who complain probably won't have read the notes...

 15:59:21 <skaet> if its in the notes,  we have a place to point to at least when the questions come up.

 15:59:24 <skaet> ..

 15:59:43 <skaet> anyhow,  we're out of time now.

 15:59:54 <skaet> please bring up any remaining questions in #ubuntu-release.

 16:00:05 <skaet> Thank you to all of you and your teams for the excellent work that's been done so far on this release!

 16:00:06 <skaet> I'm very much looking forward to the release getting announced next week,  and am thinking its going to be a great foundation for our new LTS.    Well done!

 16:00:35 <skaet> Thank you for your participation in these weekly release meetings for Precise,  roadmr, jibel, jdstrand, ogasawara, cjwatson, arosales, fabo, pitti, dbarth_,ogra_,Riddell, stgraber, highvoltage, astraljava, scott-work, gilir, tumbleweed, Laney.    Next set will start after UDS-Q... name coming soon. ;)

 16:00:38 <skaet> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)