#title #ubuntu-meeting Meeting

Meeting started by head_victim at 12:02:46 UTC.  The full logs are
available at
http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2012/ubuntu-meeting.2012-11-21-12.02.log.html
.



== Meeting summary ==

 *kokoye2007

 *zequence

 *kokoye2007 again
''ACTION:'' Membership baord to work with kokoye2007 to prepare application to make it clearer  (head_victim, 12:38:04)

 *zequence
''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/zequence   (head_victim, 12:39:35)

 *zequence

 *linaporras
''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/linaporras   (head_victim, 13:01:45)
''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ColombianTeam/Eventos/CharlaparaPrincipiantesdeUbuntuHackbo201209#preview   (JHOSMAN, 13:03:17)
''LINK:'' http://wiki.softwarefreedomday.org/2012/Colombia/Bogota/SFDBogota   (JHOSMAN, 13:03:42)
''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ColombianTeam/Eventos/OneiricReleaseParty   (JHOSMAN, 13:04:02)
''LINK:'' http://flisolbogota.info/   (JHOSMAN, 13:04:48)
''LINK:'' https://fbcdn-sphotos-c-a.akamaihd.net/hphotos-ak-ash3/644561_10151190912404931_1657582924_n.jpg   (linaporras, 13:10:02)

 *vibhav
''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/VibhavPant   (head_victim, 13:16:24)
''LINK:'' http://fridge.ubuntu.com/2012/11/19/new-contributor-feedback-12-10/ and https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-devel/2012-November/036144.html  (vibhav, 13:25:36)



Meeting ended at 13:36:39 UTC.



== Votes ==


 * zequence to obtain Ubuntu Membership
   For: 5 Against: 0 Abstained: 0

 * vibhav to obtain Ubuntu Membership
   For: 4 Against: 0 Abstained: 0

 * linaporras  to obtain Ubuntu Membership
   For: 4 Against: 0 Abstained: 0



== Action items ==

 * Membership baord to work with kokoye2007 to prepare application to make it clearer



== Action items, by person ==

 * kokoye2007
 ** Membership baord to work with kokoye2007 to prepare application to make it clearer



== People present (lines said) ==

 * head_victim (75)
 * linaporras (44)
 * meetingology (35)
 * vibhav (34)
 * kokoye2007 (33)
 * zequence (24)
 * JHOSMAN (22)
 * beuno (13)
 * hggdh (13)
 * Destine (11)
 * thohi (8)
 * Pendulum (6)
 * smartboyhw (1)
 * micahg (1)



== Full Log ==


 12:02:46 <head_victim> #startmeeting

 12:02:46 <meetingology> Meeting started Wed Nov 21 12:02:46 2012 UTC.  The chair is head_victim. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 12:02:46 <meetingology> 

 12:02:46 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 12:03:04 <head_victim> Hello and welcome to the Ubuntu Membership Review Board for the 1200 UTC meeting for November 21, 2012. The wiki page for the Review Board is available here: https://wiki.ubuntu.com/Membership/Boards

 12:03:16 <head_victim> We will attempt to get through all of the applicants that have added themselves to that list before today's meeting. If we are unable to make it through the entire list due to time constraints, then at the next meeting we will pick up where we left off.

 12:03:22 <head_victim> The format for the meeting is as follows: We will go through the list of applicants one by one, by date of application (FIFO)

 12:03:30 <head_victim> Each applicant should introduce themselves (1-5 sentences) and provide links to their Ubuntu Wiki page. After the introduction the members of the Membership Review Board will review the pages and, if needed, ask the applicant further questions.

 12:03:41 <head_victim> During this time it is encouraged for other members of the community to show their support for the applicant. Do not be alarmed if the members of the Membership Review Board are quiet during this time; they are most likely reading wiki/launchpad/forum/other pages and deciding how they are going to vote.

 12:03:52 <head_victim> When the board is ready to vote, they will publicly vote in the channel with either +1, 0, or -1 (for membership, abstain, and against membership, respectively). If the sum of those numbers is positive, then the applicant is now an official Ubuntu member! (feel free congratulate them!)

 12:04:21 <head_victim> #voters Pendulum beuno micahg head_victim

 12:04:21 <meetingology> Current voters: Pendulum beuno head_victim micahg

 12:04:52 <head_victim> So now, without any further ado, we'll get started. According to the wiki kokoye2007 is first up

 12:05:05 <head_victim> #topic kokoye2007

 12:05:22 <head_victim> kokoye2007: can you please introduce yourself to the board, thanks

 12:05:49 <kokoye2007> thx vibhav

 12:05:51 <kokoye2007> thx head_victim

 12:07:11 <kokoye2007> i am

 12:07:20 <kokoye2007> local ubuntu lo founder of ubuntu myanmar loco team

 12:07:55 <kokoye2007> and OSS Dev;

 12:08:22 <kokoye2007> Ubuntu Myanmar Localization and Shan Localization team  admin

 12:09:03 <kokoye2007> most people love in myanmar

 12:09:22 <kokoye2007> next yrs i think 30 % of Myanmar Computer User change to ubuntu

 12:10:37 <kokoye2007> you can see my activities photo on flickr.com/groups/ubuntu-mm

 12:10:57 <head_victim> kokoye2007: thanks for that, I'm just reading over the loco activities. as well :)

 12:12:40 <head_victim> kokoye2007: so both the testimonials you have don't mention Ubuntu specifically, can you provide any insight into how relinux is related to Ubuntu (for those of us not sure what it is) and how you have specifically address Ubuntu in the open source community in SE Asia?

 12:14:58 <head_victim> kokoye2007: as an example do you have links to events you've run with the loco or had some involvement in?

 12:16:44 <linaporras> koyoke, so long time ago since I saw the Asia map, your'e country looks beautiful on Wikipedia's photo

 12:16:53 <head_victim> And that explains why there was no response :)

 12:17:06 <beuno> ah

 12:17:21 <head_victim> We

 12:17:32 <beuno> next?

 12:17:34 <head_victim> We'll briefly wait for them to reconnect otherwise we'll move on

 12:18:37 <head_victim> Well we can always come back at the end if they rejoin

 12:18:45 <head_victim> So we'll move on for now I guess to keep it rolling

 12:18:52 <head_victim> #topic zequence

 12:19:06 <head_victim> zequence: can you please introduce yourself to the board?

 12:19:23 <zequence> Seems like ko ko ye reappeared..

 12:19:50 <head_victim> zequence: you mind holding off for a bit

 12:20:00 <zequence> I can wait. np

 12:20:02 <head_victim> #topic kokoye2007 again

 12:20:15 <kokoye2007> head_victim: sorry for dv

 12:20:17 <kokoye2007> dc

 12:20:36 <head_victim> kokoye2007: before you timed out we asked about your involvement in the loco, your application apepars based on that work but doesn't show what specific contributions you've made in that area

 12:20:37 <kokoye2007> ya

 12:20:37 <kokoye2007> thx head_victim

 12:20:45 <kokoye2007> i am ubuntu myanmar loco team founder

 12:20:58 <kokoye2007> and translation team administrator

 12:21:26 <head_victim> kokoye2007: according to launchpad there's only been 14 translation strings completed, do you use multiple lp accounts?

 12:21:26 <kokoye2007> ya

 12:21:44 <kokoye2007> i am wanna contribute ubuntu bug team and MOTU

 12:22:07 <Pendulum> kokoye2007: is there anyone from the Ubuntu MM team who could come cheer for you in the meeting?

 12:22:53 <kokoye2007> ok

 12:23:35 <kokoye2007> one is come to there

 12:24:03 <head_victim> kokoye2007: there just aren't many specifics about your involvement available other than founding. Do you run events for the team? If so can you point out which ones?

 12:24:16 <kokoye2007> ya

 12:26:01 <kokoye2007> he aslo dc again

 12:26:44 <kokoye2007> wc TheDrums

 12:26:44 <kokoye2007> come back again now thohi

 12:26:44 <kokoye2007> sorry wc thohi

 12:27:11 <kokoye2007> he is Ubuntu Myanmar LoCo Team Member

 12:28:14 <head_victim> thohi: can you briefly explain kokoye2007's involvement in the loco? Have they organised events, how long has it been going, etc?

 12:28:21 <thohi> ya, we moving together for LoCo team

 12:29:26 <thohi> ok, since we active from 2009 for ubuntu loco team

 12:29:49 <thohi> also participate in barcamp

 12:29:51 <thohi> ever new version release time we make event

 12:30:38 <thohi> support for whole country with customize distro for our country people

 12:30:55 <zequence> hehe. Well, I don't think they have any personal opinions at all. They only want to make sure the persons involvement matches the definition for what it takes to be accepted

 12:31:02 <zequence> Opps, sorry

 12:32:04 <head_victim> thohi: we're looking more specifically for how kokoye2007 is involved with the loco. We're trying to establish kokoye2007's efforts and contributions here, not the loco

 12:32:13 <thohi> now we open in yangon for loco team office for more support to user

 12:32:34 <thohi> ok

 12:33:21 <head_victim> kokoye2007: what I'm thinking is, you're probably on course for membership but your application is pretty vague and lacking some detail. I'm willing to sit down after the meeting and give you some feedback on how to improve it because we'd really like to assess you but we just don't have enough information currently to do so

 12:33:34 <thohi> he involve in loco team as main active member and core member

 12:34:09 <kokoye2007> Ok head_victim

 12:35:49 <head_victim> kokoye2007: we really need to have it freely available because we have such a short time to assess. So we'll move on to the next applicant and if you can wait around we can provide you some specific feedback on how to get the application ready. Does that make sense and are you ok with that?

 12:35:50 <linaporras> Oh, well at this time I have a question, How many time has the Membership Board for each session?

 12:36:22 <head_victim> linaporras: we usually allow an hour, if we're close for time we can extend a little bit, depending on board member availability

 12:36:53 <head_victim> Hence the applications need to be pretty clear to make it easy for us to see involvement.

 12:37:05 <linaporras> :o ok Thanks so much... well I don't know if there is some language barrier with kokoye...

 12:37:22 <kokoye2007> :S

 12:37:24 <head_victim> linaporras: that's why I was going to hang around afterwards to see if I could help :)

 12:37:24 <kokoye2007> ok

 12:37:39 <linaporras> :)

 12:38:04 <head_victim> #action Membership baord to work with kokoye2007 to prepare application to make it clearer

 12:38:04 * meetingology Membership baord to work with kokoye2007 to prepare application to make it clearer

 12:38:15 <head_victim> #topic zequence

 12:38:27 <head_victim> zequence: can you please introduce yourself to the baord while we read your application

 12:38:54 <zequence> Yea, so, I'm Kaj Ailomaa, developer for Ubuntu Studio

 12:39:20 <linaporras> zequence where U from?

 12:39:30 <zequence> I've originally mostly been interested in improving Ubuntu Studio for audio work, but the more I've become involved, I've started to work in other areas as well

 12:39:35 <head_victim> #link https://wiki.ubuntu.com/zequence

 12:39:39 <zequence> I'm Finnish, living in Sweden

 12:40:24 <linaporras> :o  :)

 12:40:29 <zequence> I'm quite active in the development of Ubuntu Studio. Mainly in planning and documentation atm. Will become maintainer of linux-lowlatency

 12:42:06 <zequence> Right now, I'm working on redoing the Ubuntu Studio landing page, and make sure any page in the wiki having to do with Ubuntu Studio is updated and relevant

 12:42:15 <linaporras> : zequence you have 4269 karma points

 12:42:28 <zequence> Sorry, the Ubuntu Studio Wiki landing page

 12:42:47 <zequence> linaporras: Yea, but it seems making blueprints grants you a lot of points

 12:42:55 <linaporras> your'e launchpad profile it's awesome

 12:43:13 <zequence> I do some package maintenance for Ubuntu Studio, but only on a smaller scale still

 12:43:46 <head_victim> zequence: for those of us who aren't heavily involved, what sort of time commitment is involved in maintaining the lowlevel kernel project?

 12:44:55 <zequence> It'll mainly be updating the source and make sure it's in sync with linux-generic, but we will also be making small adjustments to the configs, if needed

 12:45:10 <zequence> I don't think I'll be making any patches any time soon, but it's not totally out of the question either

 12:45:28 <zequence> The config is mainly what diffs atm

 12:45:35 <beuno> zequence, keeping it up-to-date is great in itself

 12:45:42 <beuno> someone has to do it!

 12:46:30 <beuno> zequence, any concerns about Ubuntu as a project?

 12:48:03 <zequence> In short, if I would explain how this has an impact on Ubuntu, is in how easy it will be for anyone to create multimedia on Ubuntu. The work is not only focused on Ubuntu Studio, but we also work with developers upstream, Debian Multimedia Team, Ubuntu, as well as the Ubuntu Studio community

 12:48:21 <zequence> So, we're sort of the administrative link between the applications and the users

 12:48:43 <zequence> And I'm very much involved in trying to make that work as well as possible

 12:49:05 <head_victim> zequence: when did your involvement beggin with Ubuntu Studio?

 12:49:34 <zequence> I think somewhere around 2010, but I've only seriously begun to commit the last 3 cycles

 12:50:04 <beuno> zequence, any concerns about Ubuntu as a project?

 12:50:47 <zequence> beuno: Perhaps I did not interpret you right. What do you mean by concerns?

 12:51:21 <beuno> zequence, things that worry you about the state of the project currently

 12:51:24 <beuno> or its direction

 12:52:27 <zequence> As my focus is not on the total scope of Ubuntu, I tend to be mostly concerned with only the multimedia creation side, which does have a lot of issues.

 12:52:54 <beuno> fair enough

 12:52:58 <beuno> I think we're ready to vote

 12:53:04 <beuno> micahg, are you back yet?

 12:53:05 <head_victim> #voters Pendulum beuno micahg head_victim Destine

 12:53:05 <meetingology> Current voters: Destine Pendulum beuno head_victim micahg

 12:53:12 <beuno> +1 fro me

 12:53:20 <head_victim> #vote zequence to obtain Ubuntu Membership

 12:53:20 <meetingology> Please vote on: zequence to obtain Ubuntu Membership

 12:53:20 <meetingology> Public votes can be registered by saying +1, +0 or -1 in channel, (private votes don't work yet, but when they do it will be by messaging the channel followed by +1/-1/+0 to me)

 12:53:29 <beuno> +1 from me

 12:53:29 <meetingology> +1 from me received from beuno

 12:53:34 <Destine> +1

 12:53:34 <meetingology> +1 received from Destine

 12:53:35 <micahg> +1 good involvement, good leadership

 12:53:35 <meetingology> +1 good involvement, good leadership received from micahg

 12:53:53 <head_victim> +1 Your contributions are well documented on launchpad and you have strong testimonials from identifiable sources, keep up the great work with Ubuntu Studio

 12:53:53 <meetingology> +1 Your contributions are well documented on launchpad and you have strong testimonials from identifiable sources, keep up the great work with Ubuntu Studio received from head_victim

 12:54:44 <Pendulum> +1

 12:54:44 <meetingology> +1 received from Pendulum

 12:55:20 <head_victim> #endvote

 12:55:20 <meetingology> Voting ended on: zequence to obtain Ubuntu Membership

 12:55:20 <meetingology> Votes for:5 Votes against:0 Abstentions:0

 12:55:20 <meetingology> Motion carried

 12:55:28 <linaporras> wowow it's seems that zequence was approved, congratulations!!!!!!!!!

 12:55:29 <hggdh> darn, it is now at 0600 CST!

 12:55:33 <head_victim> Congratulations zequence, welcome to Ubuntu Membership

 12:55:34 <zequence> Great! Thanks everyone!

 12:55:44 <JHOSMAN> Congratulations zequence

 12:55:46 <Destine> zequence, congratulations!

 12:55:52 <smartboyhw> Congrats zequence

 12:56:33 <vibhav> congrats zequence

 12:56:52 <zequence> JHOSMAN: Destine: smartboyhw: vibhav: Thank you!

 12:57:27 <JHOSMAN> ;)

 12:57:32 <kokoye2007> zequence: Congrats

 12:58:15 <zequence> kokoye2007: Thank you. Sorry for interrupting your applications. Hope to see you as a member soon

 12:59:22 <kokoye2007> nvm :D zequence carry on

 12:59:56 <head_victim> Ok we have quorum for continuing, is there a meeting scheduled after this that we're running into?

 13:00:53 <Pendulum> head_victim: not according to the Fridge

 13:00:53 * vibhav takes a look at the calender

 13:01:01 <head_victim> #topic zequence

 13:01:05 <head_victim> #topic linaporras

 13:01:10 <linaporras> Hi Membership Board, it's a pleasure to be here today, my name is Lina Porras, I'm From Colombia,  I'm 23, and I love Ubuntu, for many reasons, but the most important is: the community, and how each member can learn of the other members. Right now I'm leader of Ubuntu Colombia Community, I consider that my principal activity is introduce new community, the final user is my favorite topic... and you can see more information

 13:01:10 <Destine> so we continue.

 13:01:45 <head_victim> #link https://wiki.ubuntu.com/linaporras

 13:02:27 <head_victim> linaporras: do you have any lnks to the events you've helped out at?

 13:02:42 <linaporras> oh let me see tha fan page on facebook

 13:03:07 <JHOSMAN> events for linaporras

 13:03:17 <JHOSMAN> https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ColombianTeam/Eventos/CharlaparaPrincipiantesdeUbuntuHackbo201209#preview

 13:03:42 <JHOSMAN> http://wiki.softwarefreedomday.org/2012/Colombia/Bogota/SFDBogota

 13:04:02 <JHOSMAN> https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ColombianTeam/Eventos/OneiricReleaseParty

 13:04:18 <linaporras> And this is our next event: http://ubuntu-co.com/7mo-Aniversario-Ubuntu-Colombia

 13:04:22 <JHOSMAN> excuseme https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ColombianTeam/Eventos/ReleaseParty/QuantalReleaseParty

 13:04:33 <head_victim> And so linaporras, do you organise these events, run them on the day, help out with marketing?

 13:04:48 <JHOSMAN> http://flisolbogota.info/

 13:04:49 <linaporras> the next saturday I will making a conference to introduce Ubuntu in our 7th community anniversary

 13:04:52 <linaporras> Thansk Jhosman

 13:04:59 <linaporras> I hel to organize

 13:05:00 <head_victim> JHOSMAN: thanks very much :)

 13:05:20 <JHOSMAN> All these events are organized by it: P

 13:05:26 <linaporras> also  convoque the people trough the mailing list specially

 13:05:43 <linaporras> and I propose the basic shcema for the event

 13:05:56 <linaporras> and all the community helps and contribute to make it real

 13:07:21 * JHOSMAN She is a key part of our community (UbuntuCO)

 13:07:47 <head_victim> linaporras: as someone who's run events locally in the past, I am impressed with the scale of those events described

 13:08:20 <linaporras> well our community has been growing up

 13:08:27 <linaporras> in the 2 last years

 13:09:28 <linaporras> also I have an advantage is tha a I live in Bogotá, which is the capital from Colombia, so we have more people to convoque

 13:09:52 <JHOSMAN> Among the biggest events organizer was FLISOL Bogota (in Spanish)  http://flisolbogota.info/equipo

 13:10:02 <linaporras> https://fbcdn-sphotos-c-a.akamaihd.net/hphotos-ak-ash3/644561_10151190912404931_1657582924_n.jpg

 13:10:08 <head_victim> #voters Pendulum head_victim Destine hggdh

 13:10:08 <meetingology> Current voters: Destine Pendulum beuno head_victim hggdh micahg

 13:10:21 <head_victim> #vote linaporras  to obtain Ubuntu Membership

 13:10:21 <meetingology> Please vote on: linaporras  to obtain Ubuntu Membership

 13:10:21 <meetingology> Public votes can be registered by saying +1, +0 or -1 in channel, (private votes don't work yet, but when they do it will be by messaging the channel followed by +1/-1/+0 to me)

 13:10:38 <hggdh> +1 please do not get sick from exaustion

 13:10:38 <meetingology> +1 please do not get sick from exaustion received from hggdh

 13:10:39 <head_victim> +1 Great community involvement, good testimonials and nice support in channel. Keep up the great work

 13:10:39 <meetingology> +1 Great community involvement, good testimonials and nice support in channel. Keep up the great work received from head_victim

 13:10:48 <Destine> +1 I am very impressed by the events your organized.

 13:10:48 <meetingology> +1 I am very impressed by the events your organized. received from Destine

 13:11:06 <Pendulum> +1

 13:11:06 <meetingology> +1 received from Pendulum

 13:11:22 <JHOSMAN> +1 =) For his work in the community gigantic

 13:11:41 <head_victim> #endvote

 13:11:41 <meetingology> Voting ended on: linaporras  to obtain Ubuntu Membership

 13:11:41 <meetingology> Votes for:4 Votes against:0 Abstentions:0

 13:11:41 <meetingology> Motion carried

 13:11:52 <linaporras> :o I'm so exicted, Jhosman your'e a big part of our community. Thanks Ubuntu Membership Board

 13:12:00 <hggdh> linaporras: bienvenida

 13:12:00 <head_victim> Congratulations linaporras, keep up the good work in your Loco and like hggdh, don't burn out

 13:12:12 <head_victim> JHOSMAN: thank you for turning up to show support and for providing the links upon request

 13:12:17 <linaporras> jejeejje, That's my team said...

 13:12:18 <Pendulum> linaporras: congrats. Now what do I have to do to convince you to help with Ubuntu Women ;)

 13:12:20 <Destine> congratulations! and thank you for helping me practicing spanish... by reading.

 13:12:32 <linaporras> hehehe oh that's the next step

 13:12:38 <JHOSMAN> Congratulations linaporras This deserves a celebration, with our 7th anniversary

 13:12:53 <linaporras> oh  yes!!!

 13:13:14 <kokoye2007> Happy with linaporras

 13:13:24 <linaporras> Thanks kokoye2007

 13:13:52 <Destine> linaporras, thank you again for helping me practicing spanish...

 13:14:08 <linaporras> jeje whenever you want

 13:14:31 <linaporras> Spanish it's a beautiful language. El español es un lenguaje hermoso

 13:14:59 <linaporras> and always you can found "new" words...

 13:15:23 <Destine> linaporras, sorry, don't know what hermoso means... but i do understand the former part.

 13:15:32 <hggdh> beautiful

 13:15:39 <linaporras> Maybe there's some time vibhavp membership?

 13:15:47 <head_victim> #topic vibhav

 13:15:49 <linaporras> that's the meaning beautiful!!!

 13:16:18 <Destine> linaporras, got it. hermoso, and hermosa?

 13:16:24 <hggdh> vibhav: please go ahead

 13:16:24 <head_victim> #link https://wiki.ubuntu.com/VibhavPant

 13:16:26 <vibhav> o/

 13:16:36 <vibhav> My name is Vibhav Pant, I currently live in India. Im 15 and I have been using Ubuntu since 6.04.

 13:16:56 <vibhav> I had started with my contributions in the 11.04 cycle by traslations. I was later introduced to Development by the Fix-it-Friday initiative that we used to have for the precise cycle. Since then I mainly contribute by Development, translations, helping out with the news team.

 13:17:02 <vibhav> TO be honest

 13:17:16 <linaporras> yes hermoso it's for male and things and hermosa it's for female

 13:17:35 <vibhav> I had entered the community like a (somewhat) brat

 13:18:17 <vibhav> I was not aware of certain rules and was providing wrong advice

 13:18:28 <vibhav> to people in #ubuntu

 13:19:00 <linaporras> :o I like the story about switching to Ubuntu

 13:19:23 <vibhav> It was then when IdleOne and other superb people who took me aside and explained me everything

 13:19:56 <kokoye2007> Opps 6.04 long term geeks

 13:20:24 <vibhav> Anyways, I now lead the Ubuntu Hindi Translation Team

 13:20:53 <vibhav> During the 12.04 cycle, I had kicked off a "translation drive"

 13:21:20 <vibhav> In which we aim to correct common translation mistakes our team members commit

 13:21:57 <linaporras> I like cibhav future plans

 13:22:01 <vibhav> (Some translated using Google Translate which doesnt do English->Hindi Translation well)

 13:22:04 <vibhav> linaporras: :)

 13:22:23 <JHOSMAN> Nice! vibhav

 13:22:39 <vibhav> There are still incorrect strings left and we aim to finish them by this cycle.

 13:22:52 <linaporras> and  have 8320  Karma, oh my God... there's some time since a I don't get new karma

 13:23:05 <linaporras> awesome

 13:23:42 <JHOSMAN> I remember when I applied to Ubuntu member, you did, do a good job and deserve membership.  vibhav

 13:23:45 <head_victim> vibhav: in the past there was some criticism of team hopping, have you found some more stable teams to contribute to?

 13:23:51 <vibhav> yes

 13:24:40 <vibhav> certainly, I contribute to the Developer Advisory Team (which takes up most of my team), in the mean time I try to help out with deveopment by doing merges, syncs, SRUs, etc

 13:25:36 <vibhav> http://fridge.ubuntu.com/2012/11/19/new-contributor-feedback-12-10/ and https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-devel/2012-November/036144.html

 13:26:07 <vibhav> The above links contain the reports that we have made for the 12.10 cycle

 13:27:26 <vibhav> (You can also obtain it as a PDF file at http://people.canonical.com/~dholbach/d-a-t/12.10Feedback-Contributors.pdf)

 13:27:51 <vibhav> and Thats all I wanted to say :)

 13:28:16 <head_victim> vibhav: we're just reviewing the application.

 13:28:38 <head_victim> We're also trying to ensure that we're happy that you've been able to turn around the previous issues we've had in approving your application.

 13:28:52 <head_victim> I thank you for getting some updated testimonials in that regard

 13:29:02 <vibhav> :)

 13:29:40 <head_victim> It's good to see that you are starting to realise that it's not about how many teams you can join on lp but how you can contribute to the teams you do join. That to me is a big step forward

 13:29:53 <vibhav> I agree I was certainly not in the correct path eariler. I have tried to correct myself in every way I can

 13:30:34 <vibhav> head_victim: yes, It took me time to realize that. Quality, not Quntity :)

 13:30:38 <vibhav> Quantity*

 13:30:41 <linaporras> wowow this is what I was talking about, how we can grow up with the community

 13:31:03 <hggdh> vibhav: thank you for that. I do hope you now understand the Way Things Work, even when they sort of fail to

 13:31:12 <vibhav> exactly

 13:31:20 <head_victim> vibhav: glad you found some teams to help you understand that :)

 13:31:27 <head_victim> #vote vibhav to obtain Ubuntu Membership

 13:31:27 <meetingology> Please vote on: vibhav to obtain Ubuntu Membership

 13:31:27 <meetingology> Public votes can be registered by saying +1, +0 or -1 in channel, (private votes don't work yet, but when they do it will be by messaging the channel followed by +1/-1/+0 to me)

 13:31:36 <vibhav> linaporras: Indeed. This community has taught me much.

 13:31:39 <hggdh> +1

 13:31:39 <meetingology> +1 received from hggdh

 13:31:43 <Pendulum> +1

 13:31:43 <meetingology> +1 received from Pendulum

 13:31:58 <JHOSMAN> +1 =)

 13:32:24 <head_victim> +1 I'm now happy that you appear to have integrated well into the community and have taken feedback on board and improved as a result. I would like to see your efforts continue into the future and look forward to hearing about your work

 13:32:24 <meetingology> +1 I'm now happy that you appear to have integrated well into the community and have taken feedback on board and improved as a result. I would like to see your efforts continue into the future and look forward to hearing about your work received from head_victim

 13:32:40 <head_victim> JHOSMAN: only board members can vote :) Sorry

 13:32:41 <Destine> +1

 13:32:41 <meetingology> +1 received from Destine

 13:32:44 <JHOSMAN> One question, why are not my vote count? I Ubuntu Member

 13:33:00 <Destine> JHOSMAN, you need to be a board member.

 13:33:02 <JHOSMAN> head_victim https://launchpad.net/~jhosman

 13:33:12 <hggdh> JHOSMAN: you have to be an Ubuntu member *and* a Membership Board member

 13:33:15 <JHOSMAN> Ahh ok ;)

 13:33:17 <head_victim> JHOSMAN: only board members can vote, we accept testimonials from all people in support of applicants though.

 13:33:21 <head_victim> #endvote

 13:33:21 <meetingology> Voting ended on: vibhav to obtain Ubuntu Membership

 13:33:21 <meetingology> Votes for:4 Votes against:0 Abstentions:0

 13:33:21 <meetingology> Motion carried

 13:33:24 <kokoye2007> JHOSMAN:  not sitting Jude :D

 13:33:28 <vibhav> \o/

 13:33:31 <JHOSMAN> :P no problem!

 13:33:40 <hggdh> vibhav: I am glad I can approve you now. Welcome in!

 13:33:42 <JHOSMAN> Congratulations vibhav =)

 13:33:44 <head_victim> Congratulations vibhav, welcome to Ubuntu membership

 13:33:55 <linaporras> Oh yes!!! It's seams that Vibhav has been approved!!!! That's Great, Your'e so young, there¿s many things to contribute, and many places to go and share with other people about Ubuntu

 13:34:01 * vibhav hugs everybody

 13:34:11 <Destine> vibhav, congrats!

 13:34:11 <vibhav> Thank you!

 13:34:53 <hggdh> vibhav: keep on the good work, and thank you for all your help

 13:35:09 <JHOSMAN> Companions, sorry but I must go to work, to spend good day

 13:35:17 <hggdh> :-)

 13:35:25 <vibhav> hggdh: Thank YOU. I would hve never known the correct way if you werent there

 13:35:37 <vibhav> have*

 13:35:52 <hggdh> we are happy :-)

 13:35:52 <head_victim> JHOSMAN: thanks for hanging aroudn :0

 13:35:54 <head_victim> :)

 13:36:01 <linaporras> I also have to work

 13:36:05 <linaporras> Has been an honur to be here today

 13:36:13 <linaporras> I am still exciting

 13:36:26 <vibhav> linaporras: It is a long road ahead :D

 13:36:29 <linaporras> and also very very happy

 13:36:29 <hggdh> linaporras: thank you, and I hope you have an splendid day

 13:36:33 <linaporras> :)

 13:36:39 <head_victim> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)