#title #ubuntu-meeting Meeting

Meeting started by skaet at 15:00:34 UTC.  The full logs are available
at
http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2012/ubuntu-meeting.2012-08-31-15.00.log.html
.



== Meeting summary ==

''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ReleaseTeam/Meeting/2012-08-31   (skaet, 15:00:56)
''LINK:'' https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-August/001836.html - desktop - seb128  (skaet, 15:01:48)
''LINK:'' https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-August/001837.html - server - arosales  (skaet, 15:01:48)
''LINK:'' https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-August/001839.html - edubuntu - stgraber  (skaet, 15:01:48)
''LINK:'' https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-August/001840.html - kernel - ogasawara  (skaet, 15:01:48)
''LINK:'' https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-August/001841.html - security - jdstrand  (skaet, 15:01:49)
''LINK:'' https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-August/001843.html - linaro - fabo  (skaet, 15:01:51)
''LINK:'' https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-August/001846.html - xubuntu - knome  (skaet, 15:01:53)
''LINK:'' https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-August/001849.html - foundations - ogra_ / slangasek  (skaet, 15:01:55)
''LINK:'' https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-August/001850.html - Ubuntu Studio - ScottL  (skaet, 15:01:58)
''LINK:'' https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-August/001854.html - Unity - popey  (skaet, 15:01:59)
''LINK:'' https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-August/001858.html - Lubuntu - gilir  (skaet, 15:02:01)
 *Comments and Questions
''LINK:'' https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-August/001859.html - community - balloons  (popey, 15:03:13)
''LINK:'' https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-August/001831.html - QA - gema  (gema, 15:05:06)



Meeting ended at 15:47:51 UTC.



== Votes ==




== Action items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * skaet (69)
 * seb128 (60)
 * slangasek (25)
 * skaet_ (17)
 * gema (14)
 * popey (7)
 * gilir (5)
 * stgraber (4)
 * Laney (4)
 * ubottu (4)
 * xnox (3)
 * meetingology (3)
 * ScottK (3)
 * brendand (2)
 * scott-work (2)
 * Daviey (1)
 * balloons (1)
 * jibel (1)



== Full Log ==


 15:00:34 <skaet> #startmeeting

 15:00:34 <meetingology> Meeting started Fri Aug 31 15:00:34 2012 UTC.  The chair is skaet. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 15:00:34 <meetingology> 

 15:00:34 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 15:00:56 <skaet> Weekly Release Agenda (and minute location):

 15:00:56 <skaet> https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ReleaseTeam/Meeting/2012-08-31

 15:00:56 <skaet> .

 15:00:56 <skaet> Upcoming dates:

 15:00:56 <skaet> 12.10

 15:00:56 <skaet> 2012/09/06: 12.10 Beta 1

 15:00:58 <skaet> .

 15:01:00 <skaet> Work Items:

 15:01:02 <skaet> 2012/08/31 -  3025 (was 3011  (last  week):   We are behind the trendline for some of the projects.

 15:01:05 <skaet> We�ve now gone into Feature Freeze, so getting us back on track would be appreciated.  If something is clearly not going to make it this cycle, please mark it POSTPONED.

 15:01:10 <skaet> Please help get us back where we should be by making sure https://launchpad.net/~/+upcomingwork is up to date for your tasks.

 15:01:13 <skaet> .

 15:01:15 <skaet> Bugs:

 15:01:17 <skaet> Quantal: http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-q-tracking-bug-tasks.html

 15:01:20 <skaet> .

 15:01:48 <skaet> Weekly status:

 15:01:48 <skaet> https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-August/001836.html - desktop - seb128

 15:01:48 <skaet> https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-August/001837.html - server - arosales

 15:01:48 <skaet> https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-August/001839.html - edubuntu - stgraber

 15:01:48 <skaet> https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-August/001840.html - kernel - ogasawara

 15:01:49 <skaet> https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-August/001841.html - security - jdstrand

 15:01:51 <skaet> https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-August/001843.html - linaro - fabo

 15:01:53 <skaet> https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-August/001846.html - xubuntu - knome

 15:01:55 <skaet> https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-August/001849.html - foundations - ogra_ / slangasek

 15:01:58 <skaet> https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-August/001850.html - Ubuntu Studio - ScottL

 15:01:59 * slangasek waves

 15:01:59 <skaet> https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-August/001854.html - Unity - popey

 15:02:01 <skaet> https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-August/001858.html - Lubuntu - gilir

 15:02:03 <skaet> ?? - community - balloons

 15:02:05 <skaet> #topic Comments and Questions

 15:02:21 <skaet> I�m on a rather problematic network right now, so if I drop off during the meeting,  slangasek has kindly agreed to take over the hosting.  I�ll rejoin as soon as I can.

 15:02:57 <skaet> any one have some questions ('o/') ready to start asking?

 15:03:13 <popey> https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-August/001859.html - community - balloons

 15:03:30 <skaet> thanks popey  :)

 15:04:12 <seb128> o/ (not question but I want to do a status update from desktop at some point, I guess that's on list of topic for some others as well though)

 15:05:04 <skaet> seb128,  go ahead I've got some specific questions, but lets see if your update addresses them ;)

 15:05:06 <gema> https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-August/001831.html - QA - gema

 15:05:12 <seb128> ok

 15:05:22 <seb128> so we are verrrrrry late for unity (sorry again)

 15:05:34 <seb128> but we just got the stack fully acked as approved and flagged green for release

 15:05:41 <seb128> that includes compiz,nux,bamf,unity

 15:06:03 <seb128> with compiz GLES (give us arm desktop back on the panda) and unity coverflow,preview,webapp

 15:06:16 <seb128> so we would like to get the green line to land that today

 15:06:29 <seb128> some of us will be watching for any potential issue tonight and tomorrow

 15:06:31 <seb128> 

 15:06:34 <seb128> that's the main topic

 15:06:40 <seb128> otherwise we would still like to land

 15:06:55 <seb128> - a libreoffice update to fix appmenu using 100% unity cpu madness (ready in the next hour for upload)

 15:07:06 <seb128> - a small bug fix version for indicator-messages

 15:07:08 <seb128> 

 15:07:13 <seb128> and I think that's it for desktop

 15:07:13 <seb128> ..

 15:07:34 <brendand> skaet, https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-August/001830.html - hardware certification - brendand

 15:07:44 <stgraber> as I said yesterday in #ubuntu-release, I'm personally ok (though far from happy) to have it land by EOD today (for unity/compiz/...). That's as long as we have someone from the unity team and desktop team around to fix/revert anything that breaks over the weekend

 15:07:44 <skaet> thanks seb128

 15:08:07 <skaet> sorry brendand, gema - my cut paste had error in it, meant to paste your report links.

 15:08:13 <gema> skaet: no prob

 15:08:15 <skaet> (and thanks for pasting them)

 15:08:33 <brendand> skaet, np

 15:08:39 <seb128> stgraber, status is that we have things ready now so that will make end of day target, and we have people from #ps and desktop who agreed to watch out

 15:08:53 <skaet> seb128, popey - will this next drop address: There are 2 bugs that IMO are important and haven't seen on other reports:

 15:08:53 <skaet> * Bug:1042211 - [quantal] [regression] [i915] Corrupted display, desktop

 15:08:53 <skaet> and menus don't repaint correctly using Mesa 9.0 (8.0.4 works)

 15:08:53 <skaet> * Bug:1005677 - Re-emergence of "Gtk-CRITICAL **:

 15:08:53 <skaet> IA__gtk_widget_style_get: assertion `GTK_IS_WIDGET (widget)'"

 15:09:18 <popey> bug

 15:09:21 <popey> bug 1042211

 15:09:22 <seb128> skaet, no

 15:09:23 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1042211 in mesa (Ubuntu) "[quantal] [regression] [i915] Corrupted display, desktop and menus don't repaint correctly using Mesa 9.0 (8.0.4 works)" [Critical,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1042211

 15:09:28 <seb128> first one is mesa

 15:09:35 <popey> bug 1005677

 15:09:36 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1005677 in qt4-x11 (Ubuntu Quantal) "Re-emergence of "Gtk-CRITICAL **: IA__gtk_widget_style_get: assertion `GTK_IS_WIDGET (widget)'"" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1005677

 15:09:38 <seb128> tjaalton, ^ do you know what's the status for that and beta1?

 15:09:39 <gema> skaet and also https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/ubiquity/+bug/1044299

 15:09:40 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1044299 in ubiquity (Ubuntu) "ubi-partman crashed, and then no installation process, no installation options" [Critical,Confirmed]

 15:09:40 <popey> (for the lazy)

 15:09:44 <seb128> 

 15:09:52 <seb128> the second one is overlay-scrollbar and qt

 15:09:59 <seb128> need to chase Cimi on that again

 15:10:06 <seb128> but it's out of the unity stack for both

 15:10:42 <stgraber> seb128: good. I guess the unity stack needs to go through -proposed to avoid skews? if so, please poke me once it's there so I can make sure it builds ASAP. Would be a pain to get stuck waiting for powerpc/arm.

 15:10:47 <skaet> seb128,  understood - we'll need to make sure that they're both well documented in the technical overview notes then.

 15:11:18 <seb128> stgraber, yes, through proposed

 15:11:37 <seb128> skaet, I'm chasing people, will get you a status update before eod and try to see if we can still fix today

 15:11:52 <skaet> Thanks seb128

 15:12:17 <skaet> please nick highlight to Laney, stgraber, cjwatson and myself in #ubuntu-release

 15:12:22 <seb128> ok

 15:12:53 <skaet> we'll start of the release tracking pad, and the technical overview for beta1 later today.

 15:13:09 <skaet> I'll post in #ubuntu-release when they're ready for input.

 15:13:58 <skaet> seb128,  did you see comments on llvmpipe in edubuntu�s report on implications of llvmpipe on LSTP,  any chance we can get it landing for beta1?

 15:14:43 <seb128> let me look

 15:14:53 <ScottK> o/

 15:15:00 <seb128> I saw that jdstrand and others said that the recent updates make things usuable on vms

 15:15:50 <seb128> ok, read that

 15:16:05 <seb128> yeah, there is  plan to degrade effects to improve performance

 15:16:15 <seb128> is there a bug open about the "doesn't work on 16 bits"?

 15:16:23 <skaet> stgraber, ^ ?

 15:16:40 <stgraber> I didn't file one, I'll check if there's one and if not, I'll file one

 15:16:41 <seb128> I will make sure those are tracked, but that will not be for beta1 at this point

 15:16:46 <seb128> stgraber, thanks

 15:16:46 <stgraber> seb128: either way, I'll give you the bug number

 15:17:03 <seb128> re "so something needs to happen there..." ... well many topic are in that situation

 15:17:05 <skaet> thanks stgraber, seb128

 15:17:07 <skaet> ..

 15:17:09 <seb128> we will need to make (hard) calls

 15:17:20 <seb128> and those calls might be to tell those people to use the LTS

 15:17:24 <seb128> ..

 15:18:03 <skaet> seb128, ack.

 15:18:40 <skaet> slangasek, did you have any update on the bug that gema highlighted earlier?  https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/ubiquity/+bug/1044299

 15:18:41 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1044299 in ubiquity (Ubuntu) "ubi-partman crashed, and then no installation process, no installation options" [Critical,Confirmed]

 15:19:32 <slangasek> skaet: no, haven't seen this bug until now

 15:19:47 <slangasek> it doesn't appear that anyone has set the 'rls-q-incoming' tag on it, btw

 15:20:04 <gema> slangasek: I will update it

 15:20:25 <slangasek> well, no need now... I'll just move it straight to our 'accepted' queue ;)

 15:20:35 <gema> slangasek: ack, sorry

 15:20:53 <slangasek> anyway, I'll make sure xnox is working on it

 15:20:59 <slangasek> has anyone else reproduced this bug?

 15:21:10 <gema> jibel reported it to me, I will ask him

 15:21:13 <slangasek> (I'm wondering whether it's genuinely critical, or if it's a corner case)

 15:21:19 <skaet> yeah,  just a reminder to everyone - please put 'rls-q-incoming' tag on any bug you think is going to be a  problem for the release.

 15:22:09 <jibel> slangasek, I did, install a desktop image and keep the defaults, it crashes on partman

 15:22:16 <slangasek> ah

 15:22:24 <slangasek> then it's definitely xnox's ;)

 15:22:41 <slangasek> we'll get it sorted

 15:22:47 <gema> slangasek: thanks!

 15:22:53 <skaet> thanks slangasek, gema, jibel.

 15:23:05 <skaet> ..?

 15:23:18 <gema> ..

 15:23:29 <skaet> go ScottK

 15:23:34 <ScottK> As Riddell  mentioned, he's sick, so no input email from Kubuntu this week.  KDE telepathy 0.5 landed kind of hard this week, but we should have it sorted and all images buildable later today.  KDE SC 4.9.1 is released next Wednesday, so we'll anticipate uploading that shortly after Beta 1.

 15:23:36 <ScottK> ..

 15:23:57 <xnox> slangasek: fix committed locally, now testing.

 15:23:58 <skaet> ScottK,  thanks for the update

 15:24:06 <slangasek> xnox: thanks :)

 15:24:21 <skaet> ..

 15:24:35 * skaet looks for any other hands before going on to other questions...

 15:25:05 <skaet> gema,  any concerns about desktop arm testing for next week?

 15:25:22 <gema> skaet: we haven't done any arm testing that I am aware of, hggdh will do on monday

 15:25:38 <gema> skaet: ogra_ may have something to report, though

 15:25:42 <skaet> gema, ok, so he and plars are contacts.

 15:25:47 <seb128> (not that you could test arm, unity didn't land)

 15:25:58 <gema> skaet: yes, and psivaa

 15:26:13 <gema> skaet: we are going to have more people than ever before testing, please bear with us while we adjust

 15:26:26 <skaet> seb128,  was assuming it was going to land today, and based on ogra_'s comments in his report.

 15:26:29 <gema> skaet: I will be on holidays so if you need a point of contact use either psivaa or plars , given timezones

 15:26:52 <seb128> skaet, yeah, that's the plan, I was replying to the "<gema> skaet: we haven't done any arm testing"

 15:27:04 <seb128> skaet, monday sounds good

 15:27:08 <gema> seb128: ack

 15:27:19 <skaet> gema, seb128 thanks.

 15:27:52 <skaet> ..

 15:28:38 <skaet> slangasek, do you know if the Google OnAir session on how to use your panda board has been scheduled?

 15:28:44 <slangasek> it has not

 15:29:12 <skaet> any chance we can get it for early next week?

 15:29:12 <seb128> o/

 15:29:32 <slangasek> skaet: with ogra out today and me out for the US holiday on Monday, probably not

 15:29:44 <slangasek> I'm looking at Thursday

 15:29:59 <slangasek> (yeah, it's beta day... that means everything should be calm and people have time to watch videos, right? ;)

 15:30:21 <skaet> heh,  I was thinking of getting more testers ramped up earlier actually ;)

 15:30:44 <xnox> slangasek: dual screen: one for videos the other one for image testing ;-)

 15:30:57 <slangasek> skaet: unlikely, sorry

 15:34:48 * skaet_ wonders if seb128 saw the go comment, and responded while she got disconnected.

 15:34:57 <seb128> skaet_, no I didn't

 15:35:00 <seb128> <slangasek> skaet: unlikely, sorry

 15:35:01 <seb128> skaet a quitté (Read error: Connection reset by peer)

 15:35:02 <seb128> 

 15:35:05 <seb128> that all I saw

 15:35:14 <skaet_> thanks.

 15:35:15 <seb128> I had quick q

 15:35:21 <skaet_> go seb128

 15:35:23 <seb128> slangasek, XDG_RUNTIME_DIR, before beta1?

 15:35:40 <slangasek> seb128: trying to get the uploads done today

 15:35:45 <seb128> \o/

 15:35:48 <seb128> slangasek, thanks

 15:35:48 <seb128> ..

 15:35:52 <slangasek> whether the release team want to accept it is another matter :)

 15:36:59 <skaet_> :)

 15:37:20 * skaet_ figures its likely, but depends on what it actually end up being.

 15:37:47 <skaet_> ..

 15:37:50 <skaet_> ?

 15:38:32 <skaet_> knome,   Ubuntu studio, Xubuntu, Lubuntu - waiting for indicator-application-gtk2 to be updated to fix build failures.  what is plan here,  will land before monday?  dependencies on other teams to make it?

 15:38:48 <skaet_> or astraljava^ or ...?

 15:39:10 <seb128> so about that it's part of those binaries that stopped being built from source by Ubuntu

 15:39:23 <seb128> so it's one of those "need to bring back and old source as -gtk2 to universe"

 15:39:58 <slangasek> why is that preferable over re-enabling the binary build in the existing source?  Is it because the code has been dropped?

 15:40:25 <seb128> gtk2 support has been dropped

 15:40:32 <slangasek> ok

 15:40:38 <seb128> they said they would get ride of all their ton of ifdefs and legacy code after the LTS

 15:40:48 <slangasek> so definitely needs to be a separate source package, which someone who needs it can resurrect from the archive without too much difficulty

 15:40:58 <seb128> right

 15:41:14 <seb128> just take the precise version, drop the gtk3 binary and put it under a different source name

 15:41:19 <Laney> in the meantime all affected flavours have dropped it from their seeds

 15:41:22 <seb128> the protocol didn't change

 15:41:54 <seb128> ..

 15:41:54 <slangasek> Laney: they've preferred this over picking up the old code branch?

 15:41:59 <skaet_> knome, astraljava, scott-work, gilir ^ who is taking point on getting this done.  wasn't clear from status emails.

 15:42:06 <gilir> indicator-applications is the easiest one, as it's not using any gtk3 specific code

 15:42:12 <Laney> slangasek: no, it's just an interim solution

 15:42:15 <slangasek> ok

 15:42:22 <Laney> someone (sorry, I forgot who) told me they were working on bringing it back

 15:42:50 <gilir> skaet_, xubuntu dev is working on indicator-application re-upload

 15:43:14 <gilir> do we need FFe for this ?

 15:43:30 <gilir> just to know what paperwork we need to bring this back

 15:43:32 <slangasek> I wouldn't think so

 15:43:34 <gilir> ..

 15:43:44 <skaet_> gilir,  having a bug for tracking this though,  would be good.

 15:44:01 <skaet_> (not a FFe, but rather making sure we all know who's working on it, etc.)

 15:44:09 <skaet_> ..

 15:44:49 * skaet_ looks around to see if other questions?

 15:45:02 <scott-work> none from me

 15:47:07 <Daviey> can we go home?

 15:47:12 <skaet_> yup.  :)

 15:47:19 <skaet_> #endmeeting

 15:47:22 <popey> \o/

 15:47:23 <popey> thanks

 15:47:28 <xnox> thanks all.

 15:47:32 <balloons> lol

 15:47:33 <Laney> THE BOT DISAGREES

 15:47:36 <skaet_> Thanks popey, brendan, scott-work, smartboyhw, seb128, gilir, arosales, slangasek, gilir, Laney, xnox, jibel, gema, ScottK.

 15:47:41 <scott-work> bye

 15:47:44 <slangasek> thanks all

 15:47:51 <skaet> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)