#title #ubuntu-meeting Meeting

Meeting started by NCommander at 15:00:57 UTC.  The full logs are
available at
http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2012/ubuntu-meeting.2012-02-09-15.00.log.html
.



== Meeting summary ==

 *https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ARM/Meeting/2012/20120209

 *Action Items from last meeting

 *janimo to look into LibO
''ACTION:'' ogra_ to debug mono  (NCommander, 15:04:47)

 *dannf to tidy up a kernel package for armada

 *infinity to pull said kernel package into d-i

 *janimo or GrueMaster to test the mx5 kernel from jcrigby

 *Standing Items

 *http://status.ubuntu.com/ubuntu-precise/ubuntu-arm.html

 *ARM Server Status (NCommander)

 *Kernel Status (cooloney, ppisati)

 *ARM Porting/FTBFS status (NCommander, janimo)

 *ARM Image Status (ogra, NCommander)

 *QA Status (GrueMaster, mahmoh)
''LINK:'' http://image.img-erento.com/20171/5073643_dia_2.jpg   (ogra_, 15:43:03)

 *Linaro Updates (rsalveti)
''ACTION:'' rsalveti to follow with riku to see if chromium will get fixed  (rsalveti, 15:53:04)
''ACTION:'' rsalveti to follow with koen at ELC to see if we'll get armhf drivers for sgx (omap3)  (rsalveti, 15:53:22)

 *AOB



Meeting ended at 15:55:11 UTC.



== Votes ==




== Action items ==

 * ogra_ to debug mono
 * rsalveti to follow with riku to see if chromium will get fixed
 * rsalveti to follow with koen at ELC to see if we'll get armhf drivers for sgx (omap3)



== Action items, by person ==

 * ogra_
 ** ogra_ to debug mono
 * rsalveti
 ** rsalveti to follow with riku to see if chromium will get fixed
 ** rsalveti to follow with koen at ELC to see if we'll get armhf drivers for sgx (omap3)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * NCommander (103)
 * ogra_ (96)
 * janimo (40)
 * GrueMaster (28)
 * rsalveti (27)
 * theadmin (9)
 * meetingology (6)
 * rbasak (5)
 * mahmoh (2)
 * davidm (2)
 * dannf (2)
 * ubottu (1)



== Full Log ==


 15:00:57 <NCommander> #startmeeting

 15:00:57 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Feb  9 15:00:57 2012 UTC.  The chair is NCommander. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 15:00:57 <meetingology> 

 15:00:57 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 15:01:14 * davidm waves

 15:01:20 <dannf> hey

 15:01:20 <ogra_> wow, thats timing :)

 15:01:24 <NCommander> [topic] https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ARM/Meeting/2012/20120209

 15:01:51 <NCommander> [topic] Action Items from last meeting

 15:01:58 <NCommander> [topic] janimo to look into LibO

 15:02:02 <ogra_> lots ;:)

 15:02:09 <janimo> hi

 15:02:10 * NCommander looks for mercy on janimo's soul

 15:02:22 <ogra_> NCommander, he volunteered !

 15:02:28 <janimo> indeed I did

 15:02:29 <NCommander> dd if=/dev/mercy of=/dev/janimo/soul

 15:02:30 <mahmoh> hi

 15:02:33 <janimo> I do not (yet) regret it

 15:02:50 <ogra_> must have to do with his transylvanian inheritance :)

 15:02:50 <NCommander> janimo: yet being the operative word here

 15:03:39 <janimo> true. I am looking at this now on the panda. If you'll see me curse these days, it's because I've been where NCommander has been before

 15:03:56 * NCommander needs a t-shirt

 15:04:11 * ogra_ doesnt want to go there ... evar !

 15:04:18 <NCommander> "I braved the depths of hell^W Libreoffice and all I got was this lousy t-shirt"

 15:04:39 <ogra_> though, mono is broken too

 15:04:44 * ogra_ hides

 15:04:47 <NCommander> [action] ogra_ to debug mono

 15:04:47 * meetingology ogra_ to debug mono

 15:04:49 <NCommander> Ok

 15:04:50 <NCommander> done

 15:04:51 <ogra_> lol

 15:05:08 * ogra_ looks for that rock and brick he collected before

 15:05:21 <NCommander> janimo: anything else to report or can I move on?

 15:05:27 <janimo> no really?mono broken on arm? impossible, I hear a company bases it's business on it not being broken on arm. You are all lying

 15:05:39 <ogra_> lol

 15:05:42 <janimo> NCommander, nope I hope I'll make progress till next meeting

 15:05:50 <janimo> but I ave started on it

 15:05:51 * NCommander thinks we've lost janimo to the madness already

 15:06:02 <ogra_> thats the winter

 15:06:17 <NCommander> [topic] dannf to tidy up a kernel package for armada

 15:06:19 <ogra_> being locked in at -20Â°C does weird things to you

 15:06:38 <NCommander> ogra_: I lived in a mountian town like that. I'm still perfectly sane

 15:06:45 <ogra_> LOL

 15:06:49 <ogra_> LOLOLOLOL

 15:06:54 <dannf> NCommander: done afaik

 15:07:00 * ogra_ cleans coffee from his kbd

 15:07:17 <NCommander> dannf: indeed, we're working on havinga kernel today (to be reported on later)

 15:07:29 * GrueMaster had coffee shoot up his nose, laughing so hard.

 15:07:52 <NCommander> ogra_: GrueMaster oh you guys suck

 15:08:03 <GrueMaster> :D

 15:08:03 <NCommander> [topic] infinity to pull said kernel package into d-i

 15:08:17 <ogra_> is infinity even here ?

 15:08:33 <janimo> ogra_, I heard he planned on snorting coke a few hours ago

 15:08:37 <NCommander> No, but I thinkthis is a c/ogivenwestilldon't have an uploadedkernel

 15:08:38 <ogra_> yeah

 15:08:42 * NCommander smacks his spacebar

 15:09:18 <theadmin> Hey wtf! I thought meeting starts at 20:00 UTC >.<

 15:09:27 <theadmin> No fair I sezzit

 15:09:45 <ogra_> the ARM meeting never ever started at 20UTC

 15:10:16 <NCommander> We'll be having the usual IRC meeting on #ubuntu-meeting, on

 15:10:16 <NCommander> Thursday 2011-02-09 at 15:00 UTC.

 15:10:41 * NCommander would be very happy if the meeting was at 20:00 UTC but :-P

 15:10:51 <NCommander> [topic] janimo or GrueMaster to test the mx5 kernel from jcrigby

 15:10:54 * ogra_ wouldnt

 15:11:13 <GrueMaster> Done.  Latest images have the new mx5 kernel

 15:11:24 <theadmin> Either I'm confusing something or... Well I'm here for the first time, buuut: http://i.imm.io/gbSI.png

 15:11:41 <NCommander> [topic] Standing Items

 15:11:49 <GrueMaster> Still fails on START-R rev board.  USB issues.

 15:12:16 <NCommander> theadmin: wrong meeting. This is the ARM development team meeting, not IRC council

 15:12:35 <theadmin> NCommander: Ah, pardon me then. ARM is cool, I'll listen in if you don't mind?

 15:12:38 <janimo> I tested the kernel it was ok, people uploaded it then

 15:12:51 <NCommander> [topic] http://status.ubuntu.com/ubuntu-precise/ubuntu-arm.html

 15:12:56 * janimo answered late on previous topic

 15:13:03 <NCommander> Well

 15:13:05 <NCommander> ...

 15:13:18 <NCommander> The items are increasing

 15:13:28 <NCommander> I think we fail

 15:13:40 <ogra_> huh ?

 15:13:43 * GrueMaster is too sleepy to comment on futility.

 15:13:45 <ogra_> we look better than ever

 15:14:10 <ogra_> slightly below trend (if it would be in the right angle)

 15:14:12 <NCommander> ogra_: we're supposed to close items, not add half-a-million new closed items

 15:14:28 <ogra_> nothing changed over the last week

 15:14:29 <NCommander> THATS NOT HOW WE'RE SUPPOSED TO GET ON THE TRENDLINE

 15:14:32 * NCommander screams

 15:14:36 * ogra_ wonmders what you are referring to=

 15:14:50 <NCommander> ogra_: madness

 15:14:58 <NCommander> [topic] ARM Server Status (NCommander)

 15:15:00 <ogra_> there were no items added

 15:15:03 <NCommander> So, I've got news!

 15:15:09 <theadmin> Can anyone change topic or what...

 15:15:12 <theadmin> [topic] tests

 15:15:17 <theadmin> Guess not :D

 15:15:25 <NCommander> I saved a bunch of money changing my insurance!

 15:15:26 <theadmin> Sorry, getting used to things

 15:15:36 <ogra_> theadmin, please dont interfere with the meeting

 15:15:39 <NCommander> But I also have ARM server news

 15:15:52 <theadmin> ogra_: Understood.

 15:15:53 <NCommander> armadaxp finally has a usable kernel git tree

 15:16:00 <ogra_> theadmin, NCommander is the meeting chairt, only the chair can change topics and we try to keep the meeting short

 15:16:14 <janimo> NCommander, great

 15:16:21 <ogra_> yay

 15:16:38 <NCommander> Using my gitified marvell patches, cooloney made them less crack, then we ported the Marvell sauce onto the oneiric tree

 15:16:38 <rbasak> \o/

 15:16:50 <NCommander> So we went from 3.0.15->3.0.17 with Marvell

 15:17:04 <NCommander> We'll now track oneiric-updates, so we'll have security and updates for Armada until oneiric goes EOL

 15:17:06 <ogra_> wow, two micro versions !

 15:17:10 <ogra_> enormous

 15:17:26 <ogra_> :P

 15:17:47 <NCommander> ogra_: it wasn't a small job, the tree we got was based off an ubuntu tree of unknown origin, which required a ton of patch sorting and fun

 15:17:48 <rbasak> Are there any plans to bring it up to precise?

 15:18:11 <rbasak> Or will it stay based on oneiric indefinitely?

 15:18:14 <NCommander> rbasak: Marvell has been told that weneed a 3.2 kernel. We won't be doing the work to port it

 15:18:28 <rbasak> OK, thanks

 15:18:43 <NCommander> rbasak: the armadaxp kernel will go into precise, its simply tracking oneiric since there tree is on the same major as oneiric's

 15:18:53 <rbasak> Right

 15:19:57 <NCommander> Unlessa 3.2 kernel magically materializes before release, armada xp will be a universe supported flavor

 15:20:23 <ogra_> even though the kernel package will live somewhere else :)

 15:20:26 <NCommander> infinity and I are making the necessary demonic sacirifices to get d-i to work properly like that with netboot images

 15:20:37 <NCommander> ogra_: no, the kernel going in universe, we decided to fix d-i

 15:20:38 <ogra_> NCommander, the kernel will go to main

 15:20:47 <ogra_> we have approval and all

 15:20:50 <NCommander> we did?

 15:20:52 <NCommander> *do

 15:20:54 <NCommander> Damn

 15:20:54 <ogra_> no d-i hacjking required

 15:21:02 <NCommander> we weren't goingto hijack d-i

 15:21:05 <ogra_> unless that changed since tuesday

 15:21:13 <NCommander> d-i was simply going to pull in the universe udebs during the buildstep

 15:21:30 <NCommander> but we got approval for unsupported kernel in main, then yay

 15:21:43 <ogra_> we have release team approval, the kernel package will be in main, but unsupported and not in the manifest

 15:21:48 <NCommander> oh

 15:21:49 <davidm> NCommander, kernel in main

 15:21:52 <NCommander> davidm: awesome

 15:22:00 <NCommander> That makes life insanely less complicated

 15:22:09 <ogra_> (if you would read the team reports you would know btw :P )

 15:22:42 <janimo> NCommander, although d-i supporting universe kernels would have been useful in the future for other flavours

 15:22:47 <janimo> or for current mx53

 15:22:48 <NCommander> Anyway, I'm shacking loosing the last of the packaging bugs (linux-armadaxp tried to build on amd64 for one)

 15:23:06 <NCommander> But we should see an upload into NEW byEOD today or tomorrow

 15:23:08 <mahmoh> NCommander: how soon do we expect a kernel in main?

 15:23:18 <ogra_> janimo, thats super tricky since there (flasely) is a way to get rid of unwanted udebs by moving them to universe ...

 15:23:28 <NCommander> mahmoh: once it is approved from NEW, it goes into universe. Just needs a MIR to promote

 15:23:32 <ogra_> janimo, making d-i universe aware would break a lot through that

 15:23:46 <janimo> ogra_, I am not arguing it is tricky to accomplish, but it is useful :)

 15:24:06 <NCommander> janimo: its probably easier to get release/kernel team blessings to dump an unsupported kernel in main

 15:24:49 <ogra_> janimo, yes, but we would have to fix that broken concept alongside

 15:24:54 <janimo> NCommander, but then it means it is supported. Are there no cases to want it unoficcially supported but workng with d-i. Is netinstall not such a use case?

 15:25:02 <ogra_> else we break x86 stuff

 15:25:12 <ogra_> which is not wanted before an LTS

 15:25:12 <NCommander> janimo: I proposed the solution of rm -r universe

 15:25:29 <NCommander> janimo: historically, we've had a few packages inmain that are unsupported

 15:25:37 <janimo> NCommander, I can get behind such a command

 15:25:37 <NCommander> linux-ports being the poster child for that trope

 15:26:03 * GrueMaster wonders if this is a topic for Kernel Status?

 15:26:12 <NCommander> [topic] Kernel Status (cooloney, ppisati)

 15:26:14 <NCommander> Right

 15:26:14 <NCommander> ok

 15:26:36 <NCommander> I think we pretty muchcovered the current kernel status

 15:26:46 <NCommander> Anything else to bring up

 15:26:53 <janimo> ac100 new test deb based on a 3.0.19 upstream advertised on the ac100 ml

 15:26:58 <ogra_> janimo has a new ac100 kernel coming :)

 15:27:11 <ogra_> and mx5 seems sorted

 15:27:14 * NCommander just got an armel/powerpc FTBFS on linux-armadaxp

 15:27:16 <janimo> once marvin puts it in his stable, not exp branch

 15:27:17 <NCommander> WOOO

 15:27:24 <NCommander> Packaging needs to be hit with a brick

 15:27:32 <ogra_> yeah

 15:27:35 <janimo> NCommander, I would have been more worried if that build succeeded

 15:27:44 <GrueMaster> mx5 kernel still needs work.  It still doesn't support USB on the newer rev board.

 15:27:46 <NCommander> janimo: its still running on i386 >.>;

 15:27:52 <ogra_> and even more if it worked :)

 15:28:08 <ogra_> GrueMaster, dont use USB then :P

 15:28:21 * ogra_ hides behind a chair

 15:28:22 * NCommander facepalms

 15:28:25 <janimo> GrueMaster, we should get a 3.2 mx5 kernel sometime, this is 3.1 .

 15:28:29 <GrueMaster> For a desktop image not to use keyboard/mouse...difficult.

 15:28:34 <ogra_> pfft

 15:28:38 <ogra_> be creative !

 15:28:44 <NCommander> write a script

 15:28:54 <ogra_> use your soldering skills ... its a dev board after all

 15:29:05 <GrueMaster> oem-config doesn't use preseed other wise I would.

 15:29:16 <NCommander> ^- ogra_

 15:29:21 <NCommander> Care to fix that? :-)

 15:29:35 <GrueMaster> And I refuse to molest any of my stock dev boards.

 15:29:55 <ogra_> NCommander, yes, after FF

 15:29:58 <ogra_> its tasked

 15:30:09 <NCommander> cool

 15:30:10 <GrueMaster> Soldering iron == bad touch.

 15:30:21 <ogra_> try the other side :P

 15:30:24 <NCommander> ew

 15:30:31 <NCommander> [topic] ARM Porting/FTBFS status (NCommander, janimo)

 15:30:39 <NCommander> libo is broken

 15:30:42 <NCommander> mono is broken

 15:30:49 <NCommander> four letter words are broken

 15:30:53 <janimo> given back empathy anf gnome-games on armhf

 15:30:55 <GrueMaster> No, say it isn't so....

 15:31:01 <janimo> armel is still waiting for the fixed mesa to build

 15:31:10 <NCommander> janimo: package name? I'll rescore

 15:31:14 <ogra_> upstart seems to need some love

 15:31:25 <janimo> NCommander, waiting for build to finish, it has started 8 h ago

 15:31:31 <janimo> finished in 1h:30 on armhf

 15:31:38 <ogra_> and indeed qtwebkit

 15:31:42 <janimo> we need more pandas in the build center

 15:31:51 <NCommander> janimo: ow

 15:32:10 <ogra_> well, all images failed due to empathy/gnome-games

 15:32:27 <ogra_> (but thats for a later topic)

 15:32:30 <janimo> due to mesa egl not providing some deps

 15:32:37 <janimo> so not actually a change in those gnome apps

 15:32:42 <NCommander> movingon

 15:32:45 <NCommander> [topic] ARM Image Status (ogra, NCommander)

 15:33:03 <ogra_> awww, did they switcfh them to clutter ?

 15:33:08 <ogra_> well, all images failed due to empathy/gnome-games

 15:33:10 <ogra_> :)

 15:33:16 <janimo> ogra_, I think gnome games has been using clutter for a long time

 15:33:19 * ogra_ likes his "up" key

 15:33:21 <janimo> empathy, no idea.

 15:33:25 <ogra_> k

 15:33:33 <ogra_> we should test performance then

 15:33:37 <janimo> empathy uses every technology

 15:33:47 <ogra_> GrueMaster, can you do a quick check with your next desktop tests ?

 15:33:55 <ogra_> just to see if they are still usable

 15:34:00 <GrueMaster> Check what?

 15:34:06 <ogra_> (i.e. play mahjongg for 5 min)

 15:34:23 <GrueMaster> WHAT?!?!?  Me play a game???

 15:34:25 <ogra_> not sure how to test empathy

 15:34:29 * GrueMaster shuders

 15:34:36 <ogra_> you could try a voip call or so

 15:34:38 <janimo> I think we should drop games altogether and let people use games in their browser

 15:34:44 <ogra_> ++

 15:34:49 <ogra_> tell that to -desktop though

 15:34:53 <NCommander> GrueMaster: try playing Skyrim with qemu-user-i386 + wine on ARM

 15:35:00 <GrueMaster> Yea, I'll check them

 15:35:09 <ogra_> NCommander, qemu-x86 wont run

 15:35:11 <GrueMaster> Erm, no.

 15:35:24 <janimo> well if I was in charge I'd drop empathy too and the whole telepathy baggage

 15:35:25 <ogra_> threading issues i was told by linaro

 15:35:26 <GrueMaster> Alien Arena on panda might be interesting though.

 15:35:26 <janimo> but I am not

 15:35:31 <ogra_> cant make it work

 15:35:43 <ogra_> well, thats all about images i had :)

 15:36:09 <NCommander> nethack works great on ARM, what other game do you need?

 15:36:23 <GrueMaster> Zork works too.

 15:36:30 * NCommander does wish Dwarf Fortress was opensource so he could 1. package it 2.compile it on ARM

 15:36:31 <GrueMaster> Just saying.

 15:36:32 <ogra_> well, wait until nethack gets switched to clutter too

 15:36:40 <NCommander> ARGHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH\

 15:36:46 <NCommander> HHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH

 15:36:49 <ogra_> upstream has funny ideas lately

 15:37:00 <ogra_> to clutter the world etc

 15:38:30 <janimo> nethack too works in a browser I hear

 15:38:43 <janimo> we need less apps in the image, so we have fewer bugs

 15:38:45 <janimo> :)

 15:38:49 <ogra_> haha

 15:38:53 <ogra_> NCommander, move ?

 15:39:04 <NCommander> [topic] QA Status (GrueMaster, mahmoh)

 15:39:10 <GrueMaster> Spot tested 20120207.1 desktop armhf images yesterday.  mx5 had a few issues (HDMI addon board had it confused, and START-R still doesn't see USB).

 15:39:40 <GrueMaster> Also worked up a few scripts to start testing on arm server (LAMP, Ruby on Rails, suspend/resume).

 15:40:44 <GrueMaster> Tested the 3.0.17 kernel on armadaxp.  The Marvell patches do something wacky to mmap, it fails to allocate above 2900M.

 15:41:16 <GrueMaster> That bug was fixed in all other arm kernels (bug 861296).

 15:41:18 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 861296 in linux-ti-omap4 (Ubuntu Oneiric) "mmap fails to allocate 2030Mb heap on ARM" [Undecided,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/861296

 15:42:20 <GrueMaster> Starting to dive into power meter testing today/tomorrow.  Hope to have some data starting next week.

 15:42:56 <GrueMaster> Not much else to report.  Just lots of work going on.

 15:43:03 <ogra_> http://image.img-erento.com/20171/5073643_dia_2.jpg

 15:43:09 <ogra_> power meter testing ?

 15:43:16 <NCommander> [topic] Linaro Updates (rsalveti)

 15:43:26 * rsalveti waves

 15:43:40 <GrueMaster> Using a power meter to measure system amp load while running.

 15:43:46 <rsalveti> we're all busy at connect mostly this week

 15:44:06 <rsalveti> but we worked on helping fixing a bunch of multiarch related packages

 15:44:26 <rsalveti> and the cross buildd is almost ready, just fixing the web interface to be easy to use

 15:44:40 <ogra_> GrueMaster, i was referring to the pic :)

 15:44:56 <rsalveti> another good thing is that riku is now working on trying to get libreoffice to build and work for armhf

 15:45:14 * ogra_ humps rsalveti's leg

 15:45:15 <rsalveti> NCommander: just make sure you send everything you had in the past

 15:45:21 <rsalveti> if you didn't do it already

 15:45:24 <GrueMaster> So, another duplication of effort?  Great.

 15:45:36 <ogra_> GrueMaster, no, a handover

 15:45:38 <rsalveti> not duplication, we're working together on this

 15:45:41 <NCommander> rsalveti: you have a time machine?

 15:45:52 <rsalveti> :-)

 15:46:28 <rsalveti> meanwhile steve is working on ruby and haskell I believe

 15:46:40 <rsalveti> but it's probably not critical for the desktop

 15:47:10 <rsalveti> should have a better report next week, once connect is done :-)

 15:47:17 <rsalveti> but that's mostly it

 15:47:28 <rsalveti> I asked the freescale LT to fix the imx53 3.2 kernel

 15:47:31 <rsalveti> we'll see how it goes

 15:48:52 <rsalveti> questions?

 15:49:04 <janimo> rsalveti, do you know about omap4 sgc for armhf?

 15:49:07 <janimo> omap3

 15:49:09 <janimo> sorry

 15:49:17 <ogra_> rsalveti, is anyone ever looking at chromium again ?

 15:49:34 <rsalveti> janimo: we hope that koen will get this fixed and released soon

 15:49:35 <ogra_> i wonder what we should do with it, the binary in the archive is three releases old

 15:49:52 <janimo> rsalveti, ok thanks

 15:49:53 <rsalveti> I'll talk with him next week, but he was working on getting it available for angstrom

 15:50:16 <rsalveti> ogra_: if we get a new release, we update

 15:50:23 <rsalveti> otherwise we'll just kill it  for now

 15:50:33 <NCommander> anything else

 15:50:36 <rsalveti> I believe we'll get it at some point, not yet sure for precise

 15:50:40 <ogra_> rsalveti, well, there were three (or four) new releases

 15:50:46 <rsalveti> ogra_: is chromium broken again?

 15:50:59 <ogra_> it didnt build since natty

 15:51:04 <ogra_> or even before

 15:51:25 <rsalveti> I remember riku said it was fixed, maybe with debian, will ping him today

 15:51:49 <rsalveti> .. :-)

 15:52:06 <ogra_> i think he only made it cross buildable

 15:52:12 <ogra_> it still fails in the archive

 15:52:35 <rsalveti> well, if it works by cross building it there's hope to have it working natively

 15:52:56 <ogra_> right, iirc there were issues with ffmpeg or so

 15:53:03 <ogra_> riku will likely know more

 15:53:04 <rsalveti> #action rsalveti to follow with riku to see if chromium will get fixed

 15:53:04 * meetingology rsalveti to follow with riku to see if chromium will get fixed

 15:53:19 <ogra_> or micahg ... iirc he took over from riku but gave up

 15:53:22 <rsalveti> #action rsalveti to follow with koen at ELC to see if we'll get armhf drivers for sgx (omap3)

 15:53:22 * meetingology rsalveti to follow with koen at ELC to see if we'll get armhf drivers for sgx (omap3)

 15:54:28 <NCommander> [topic] AOB

 15:55:03 <NCommander> closing the meeting out in 3

 15:55:06 <NCommander> 2

 15:55:08 <NCommander> 1

 15:55:11 <NCommander> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)