#title #ubuntu-meeting Meeting

Meeting started by dholbach at 16:00:10 UTC.  The full logs are
available at
http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2012/ubuntu-meeting.2012-11-16-16.00.log.html
.



== Meeting summary ==

 *Introductions

 *Questions and Answers

 *Bug review: https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu-nexus7
''LINK:'' http://paste.ubuntu.com/1363002/ has a list of currently assigned bugs  (dholbach, 16:53:19)



Meeting ended at 17:02:09 UTC.



== Votes ==




== Action items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * dholbach (70)
 * mfisch (69)
 * ogra-cb (62)
 * achiang (58)
 * victorp (34)
 * janimo (23)
 * cwayne (21)
 * vanhoof (21)
 * MagicFab (19)
 * barry (18)
 * cjwatson (18)
 * kyleN_ (12)
 * diwic (5)
 * gema (5)
 * ssweeny (4)
 * jcastro_ (3)
 * obounaim (3)
 * meetingology (3)
 * cking (2)
 * ubottu (2)
 * Riddell (2)
 * jodh (1)
 * feasty (1)
 * yofel__ (1)
 * sforshee (1)
 * ijuz (1)
 * bdmurray (1)



== Full Log ==


 16:00:10 <dholbach> #startmeeting

 16:00:11 <meetingology> Meeting started Fri Nov 16 16:00:10 2012 UTC.  The chair is dholbach. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:00:11 <meetingology> 

 16:00:11 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 16:00:21 <dholbach> Welcome everybody to the Ubuntu on Nexus7 meeting!

 16:00:26 <mfisch> hello

 16:00:28 <vanhoof> o/

 16:00:34 <dholbach> Quick show of hands - who do we all have here for the meeting? :)

 16:00:36 <ogra-cb> moo

 16:00:45 <MagicFab> it's been some time since I was here last! o/

 16:00:48 <mfisch> me

 16:00:48 * barry waves

 16:00:53 * sforshee waves

 16:00:55 <ogra-cb> MagicFab, !

 16:01:02 <ssweeny> o/

 16:01:03 <achiang> hi

 16:01:05 * jodh waves

 16:01:05 * barry might have to exit early though

 16:01:06 <feasty> o/

 16:01:07 <yofel__> o/

 16:01:12 <victorp> \o

 16:01:14 <victorp> o/

 16:01:14 <MagicFab> ogra-cb, :)

 16:01:15 <obounaim> Hello

 16:01:17 <Riddell> hi

 16:01:21 <victorp> \o/

 16:01:23 <vanhoof> victorp: dancing? :)

 16:01:34 <cwayne> o/

 16:01:35 <victorp> vanhoof, I am

 16:01:39 <victorp> nexus7-style!

 16:01:39 <vanhoof> /o/

 16:01:49 <dholbach> great to see so many people turned up here! :-)

 16:01:58 <dholbach> As this is the first meeting of the kind, I thought we'd start with a quick round of introductions of all the people who put some work into getting Ubuntu to work on the Nexus7

 16:02:03 <dholbach> #topic Introductions

 16:02:21 <dholbach> Can everyone who worked on this give a quick introduction of themselves? :)

 16:02:44 * ogra-cb is oliver grawert and works on image creation ...

 16:02:48 <achiang> ogra-cb: mfisch janimo cwayne ssweeny don't be shy

 16:03:06 <ogra-cb> if you have issues with the bootloader or the images, i'm the guy to nag

 16:03:21 * cwayne is chris wayne, initially worked on documenting installing and known issues, have since been working on answering questions and triaging bugs

 16:03:23 * ssweeny is Scott Sweeny, working on general bug fixes and a juju charm to help people get an arm development environment set up

 16:03:27 <ogra-cb> (and no, i dont plan to work on dual booting)

 16:03:38 * vanhoof is Chris Van Hoof, helped with the one-click installer, and massive amounts of flashing my devices ;)

 16:03:48 <janimo> I worked on packaging and maintaining the kernel tree before handing it over to the ubuntu kernel team very recently

 16:03:58 * achiang is alex chiang, i help clear obstacles for the team and generally sit back and watch in amazement at how good they are

 16:04:00 * mfisch is Matt Fischer worked on the initial image.  Currently doing bug fixes, bug triage, and investigating benchmarking tools

 16:04:05 * victorp victor palau - mainly looking at performance testing

 16:04:05 <janimo> also, misc bugfixes, will work on sensors most likely

 16:04:17 <kyleN_> kyleN is Kyle Nitzsche. flashed, installer, wiki, etc.

 16:05:02 <achiang> i think that's the core team. we of course have many other people both in canonical and the community who help as well

 16:05:03 <ogra-cb> and there is our sound magican diwic

 16:05:21 <diwic> hi

 16:05:44 <dholbach> awesome - I think it's important to put names to faces and everything - so thanks everyone :)

 16:06:00 <ogra-cb> do we have to bring a photo next week then ?

 16:06:10 <victorp> +1^

 16:06:10 <dholbach> that might work, yes :)

 16:06:22 <ogra-cb> :)

 16:06:26 <dholbach> we have many people who joined into the meeting and I thought it'd be good if we just open the floor for all questions you might have about Ubuntu on the Nexus7 - the experts are all here :)

 16:06:33 <dholbach> #topic Questions and Answers

 16:06:41 <dholbach> please don't be shy - just ask :)

 16:06:51 <gema> o/

 16:06:56 <barry> o/

 16:07:04 <MagicFab> Hi, Fabian Rodriguez here - http://ubuntu.magicfab.ca I have one

 16:07:07 <dholbach> gema, please :)

 16:07:22 <gema> we are looking into doing power consumption testing on the lab, I wonder if you guys have figured out how to go about that already

 16:07:41 <gema> fully automated, of course :)

 16:07:44 * MagicFab stands in line ;)

 16:07:45 <janimo> gema, smagoun hacked a device to some meters already I think

 16:07:58 <obounaim> Are there any plans to port Ubuntu to other devices?

 16:08:02 <achiang> that is on our plan but i think we are still trying to figure out a way to do so, and also engage the community

 16:08:05 <victorp> s/smagoun/sconklin

 16:08:12 <janimo> victorp, thanks

 16:08:13 <ogra-cb> cking might also have some insight from the kernel side about what you can do in software

 16:08:29 <achiang> for next week, we are going to focus on memory benchmarking, but power consumption is up quickly after that

 16:08:33 <gema> yep, I am in contact with them already, so no other insights? :D

 16:08:49 <achiang> one issue we will have is that we do not plan on recommending people rip apart their machines and hooking up probes

 16:08:57 <victorp> gema - I think the main concern is that measuring overall power usage is not as useful as knowing what the individual components consume

 16:08:58 <achiang> so we will focus on *relative* measurements

 16:09:11 <janimo> gema, apart from the fact that power savings in userland tested on x86 likely benefit the nexus too

 16:09:12 <achiang> hopefully the community can help us gather a lot of data

 16:09:26 <gema> victorp, janimo ack

 16:09:28 <dholbach> achiang, but that will be announced separately, right?

 16:09:32 <achiang> and my team is going to release a testing framework that enables the community to help us collect this data

 16:09:41 <victorp> gema, I would also suggest to challange conventional wisdom

 16:09:42 <dholbach> cool

 16:09:42 <achiang> dholbach: yes, announced separately

 16:09:50 <cking> unfortunately we  need some accurate measurements, so we need some H/W  probes do this

 16:10:05 <ogra-cb> cking, but only once as reference

 16:10:07 <victorp> I ran the same test twice, the second time I reduce the brightness of screen > 50% and it made little difference

 16:10:16 <victorp> I was expecting it to make bigger...

 16:10:17 <ijuz> does the Nexus7 has an internal way to measure the power usage?

 16:10:19 <MagicFab> I'd like to do some testing and invite other current Android users to do that. However they (and I) use the N7 as their primary device, testing other ROMs after backing up with ClockWork recovery, same to restore. How can we do that? Current instructions assume the device is dedicated to testing Ubuntu and recovery does a *factory* restore - not good to get more geeky testers, at least not the many already with CyanogenMod etc.

 16:10:28 <MagicFab> My question was posted on Ask Ubuntu: I posted this on Ask Ubuntu: http://askubuntu.com/questions/216977/how-can-i-install-ubuntu-on-my-nexus-7-while-being-able-to-recover-from-an-nandr

 16:10:35 * cking has calibrated the battery, it is effectively useless for accurate power benchmarking

 16:10:51 <mfisch> MagicFab: I answered you on AskUbuntu I think

 16:11:03 * barry has an offer and a question

 16:11:11 <cjwatson> I was talking with ogra_ earlier today about a mad idea I had of adapting Wubi to the Nexus 7

 16:11:12 <dholbach> Can folks with questions just message me their question?

 16:11:20 <MagicFab> mfisch, an official answer from Canonical, yes, I am expecting a bit different outcome here.

 16:11:22 <cjwatson> Though it depends on some other stuff in progress

 16:11:43 <dholbach> barry, obounaim: you had questions from what I could see.

 16:11:55 <ogra-cb> yeah, i'll keep an eye on it and it will also need some testing first

 16:12:22 <obounaim> yes

 16:12:26 <victorp> cjwatson,  That is a mad idea

 16:12:27 <cjwatson> (This would in theory avoid having to disturb Android at all in order to test Ubuntu - but I don't know, it's just a mad idea and it may be more trouble than it's worth)

 16:12:46 <cjwatson> (Well, not quite, you'd have to interpose a boot loader)

 16:13:05 <ogra-cb> if it would work it would be cool though

 16:13:08 <barry> dholbach: yes.  first my offer: i've heard that folks are having some problems w/ python applications on the nexus7.  onboard came up at uds-r, although it seems to be working fine for me.  please, if you're having problems with python on the nexus7, contact me and i will work with you.  or file bugs and assign me and i will take a look.  i can help!

 16:13:20 <ogra-cb> and avoid a lot of trouble we have with arm bootloaders post installation

 16:13:37 <achiang> \m/ thanks barry !

 16:13:38 <victorp> barry - what is your LP id?

 16:13:49 <barry> victorp: barry (so creative :)

 16:13:50 <dholbach> victorp, https://launchpad.net/~barry/

 16:13:55 <victorp> lol

 16:14:05 <achiang> everyone assign bugs to barry

 16:14:17 <barry> did i say 'barry'?  i mean jodh

 16:14:21 <dholbach> haha

 16:14:25 <cjwatson> barry: The comments I'd heard were generally that it was just sluggish

 16:14:26 <ogra-cb> barry, ddi zou trz it with the default ubuntu theme ?

 16:14:33 <ogra-cb> *try

 16:15:05 <barry> ogra-cb: try what?  i basically just installed the nexus7 image and began playing

 16:15:32 <ogra-cb> barry, play with the different onboard themes in its settings, we dont use the ubuntu default because it was unusable slow

 16:15:33 <victorp> barry,  on board

 16:15:40 <ssweeny> there is an onboard snapshot with some performance improvements which i will be uploading to the nexus 7 ppa today

 16:15:41 <janimo> any other questions? :) barry you had one

 16:15:44 <achiang> ogra-cb: the upstream onboard devs have a proposed fix for performance w/default theme, we are going to test it soon

 16:15:52 <dholbach> ok, have we talked about the power question sufficiently? I have 4 more questions lined up. (everyone else please message me their questions)

 16:15:52 <ogra-cb> cool !

 16:15:54 <achiang> let's get to barry's question

 16:16:02 <dholbach> <barry> my question is about progress on making the desktop drivable by touch.  maybe my fingers are too fat but i can't seem to operate the desktop at all

 16:16:11 <barry> awesome, i will be happy to test it

 16:16:15 <cjwatson> bug 1075470

 16:16:17 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1075470 in ubuntu-nexus7 "Window titlebar buttons are unusably small for tablets/touchscreens and don't scale with the fonts/titlebar" [Medium,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1075470

 16:16:34 * barry subscribes

 16:16:40 <dholbach> barry, all set? :)

 16:16:42 <achiang> barry: specifically not part of our plan for this cycle

 16:16:55 <barry> achiang: nod

 16:16:58 <ogra-cb> but generally a bug that should be fixed (teh above one)

 16:17:12 <barry> it *is* nice to ssh into though :)

 16:17:15 <ogra-cb> it affects everything, not just tablets :)

 16:17:24 * cwayne has taken to vnc'ing into his tablet

 16:17:26 <achiang> barry: i would say that fixing touch in parts of the unity stack would be welcome, because it is still relevant on touch-screen laptops too

 16:17:32 <victorp> ogra-cb I think touch needs a holistic approach rather than fixing one bug at the time

 16:17:44 <victorp> much more that we can cover in the project

 16:18:00 <achiang> so that would be a great area for motivated community members to dive in

 16:18:04 <mfisch> there are dozens of unimplemented or non-functional gestures

 16:18:07 <achiang> learning about our opentouch framework

 16:18:09 <victorp> and the plan is for all of that to be done by 14.04

 16:18:14 <ogra-cb> victorp, that bug above breaks on x86 desktop machines as well (bottom of chars gets cut off if you pick the laargest fontsize)

 16:18:15 <barry> oh, if i might one other quick question: can the nexus7 be run in multi-user mode?

 16:18:24 <achiang> mfisch: ^^

 16:18:30 <ogra-cb> barry, sure

 16:18:34 <ogra-cb> just create users

 16:18:35 <victorp> ogra-cb, agreed , is not arch specific

 16:18:40 <barry> ogra-cb: beautiful

 16:18:45 * victorp not saying the bug is not valid

 16:18:45 <achiang> barry: you just have to turn off lightdm autologin

 16:18:50 <mfisch> barry: yes, you probably also need to disable autologin

 16:18:54 <barry> yep

 16:18:55 <ogra-cb> barry, and disable autologin

 16:18:58 <dholbach> perfect

 16:18:59 <diwic> I guess that would require a keyboard, or does the onboard show up in lightdm/unity-greeter?

 16:19:12 <ogra-cb> it is in the panel

 16:19:14 <diwic> an OTG keyboard

 16:19:14 <mfisch> diwic: I think it's loadable

 16:19:18 <diwic> excellent

 16:19:22 <dholbach> <MagicFab> Why is this project ignoring technical, advanced users that already use/test other ROMs? "Legal concerns" cited are a deal breaker. Ignoring as in CyanogenMod has a huge community and no mention on how to flash Ubuntu the usual, safe, roll-back available way.

 16:19:22 <barry> i have run it with the little usb hub and keyboard/mouse.  it works great

 16:19:23 <kyleN_> edit /etc/lightdm/lightdm.conf

 16:20:03 <victorp> MagicFab, we welcome people to contribute other boot scenarios to the project

 16:20:03 <dholbach> MagicFab adds: if at least there has been testing where recovery is kept and I can rollback to on of my backups, I'd feel safer doing it.

 16:20:21 <victorp> canonical staff has clear objectives to scratch :)

 16:20:49 <kyleN_> victorp has itchy objectives

 16:20:56 <victorp> I do I do

 16:21:08 <dholbach> MagicFab, does that answer your question? Do you have any follow-up about it?

 16:21:10 <MagicFab> victorp, no, Canonical is citing legal concerns not to tackle the huge CyanogenMod / others community of hackers.

 16:21:35 <mfisch> barry: in /etc/lightdm/lightdm.conf you need to comment out this line to disable autologin: autologin-user=ubuntu

 16:21:35 <dholbach> if it's generally possible, we could add it as a TODO item or a FAQ item to the wiki

 16:21:42 <janimo> MagicFab, that was so that our installer does not contain clockworkmod and similar but it can still be flashed to the recovery partition

 16:21:51 <MagicFab> Not really, it's worse. It means to me it's up to "someone" in the community to take some legal risk that is not clear (implied in the Ask Ubuntu reply).

 16:21:56 <barry> mfisch: thanks!

 16:21:57 <victorp> MagicFab, we focused on a path that will allow us to distribute roms and to focus on the objective to trim the ubuntu desktop to be efficient on an arm device

 16:22:18 <mfisch> MagicFab: personally I dont think there's a legal risk to someone in the community doing it

 16:22:21 <barry> mfisch: btw, this seems to me to be a huge benefit of ubuntu on tablets as opposed to certain other proprietary platforms

 16:22:26 <dholbach> MagicFab, can you provide a link to the askubuntu question - maybe somebody can look into clarifying the answer

 16:22:30 <victorp> MagicFab,  If other people want to set up alternative installs, we are hoping all the raring packages are available soon

 16:22:32 <mfisch> MagicFab: I think the issue was that canonical cannot ship or support tools like CWM

 16:22:32 <MagicFab> victorp, I understand that.

 16:22:39 <achiang> MagicFab: if you want to write instructions on how to use CWM, cyanogen, nandroid, etc. i am sure we can help you get publicity for it

 16:22:39 <vanhoof> MagicFab: if you are familiary with CWM and nandroid (which it appears you are), its certainly do-able, but not something we're pursuing/endorsing in our installation method

 16:23:04 <MagicFab> mfisch, then why would you answer that? http://askubuntu.com/a/217146/4601

 16:23:04 <mfisch> dholbach: here is the U-A question: http://askubuntu.com/questions/216977/how-can-i-install-ubuntu-on-my-nexus-7-while-being-able-to-recover-from-an-nandr/217146#217146

 16:23:07 * MagicFab confused

 16:23:15 <ogra-cb> note that currently the bootloader handling (and thus kernel updating etc) is not very flexible

 16:23:38 <mfisch> MagicFab: Canonical, as a company, is not going to ship or support CWM, if the community wants to write up directions, that's fine

 16:23:39 <ogra-cb> so the installation is required to be exactly the way the ubuntu image sets it up

 16:23:48 <ogra-cb> even if you use CWM

 16:23:51 <MagicFab> vanhoof, to the extent I risk bricking my only, personal device, no, I am not willing to spend time on that.

 16:23:54 <mfisch> MagicFab: I upvoted your comment even

 16:24:46 <MagicFab> ogra-cb, vanhoof, ok, those bits are useful.

 16:25:04 <achiang> MagicFab: for the people that are able and willing to help now, we welcome their support. if you are not willing/able, we understand

 16:25:20 <ogra-cb> i'm happy to answer any implementation details in #ubuntu-arm at any time

 16:25:21 <achiang> we don't expect everyone to take on the risk

 16:25:48 <victorp> another question?

 16:25:52 <dholbach> <obounaim> Are there any plans to bring Ubuntu on other devices?

 16:26:09 <MagicFab> achiang, I know - it was just a surprise being used to *any* other alternative ROM brought to the Android community using the standard "flash this zip, don'tlike it, reflash /recover". Guess I'll wait.

 16:26:34 <achiang> no plans to bring Ubuntu to other devices. we picked a good reference platform and now we want everyone to rally around it

 16:26:41 <ogra-cb> MagicFab, point is that we are not targeting the android community

 16:26:54 <achiang> MagicFab: this is *not* another alternative ROM and this is Ubuntu, not android.

 16:27:01 <ogra-cb> but the ubuntu one

 16:27:07 <mfisch> obounaim: if you'd like to work on a port we'd all be happy to help though in #ubuntu-arm

 16:27:30 <MagicFab> ogra-cb, ok, that's not the tone of the blog posts, etc. I get it now.

 16:27:43 <ogra-cb> obounaim, some community people seem to work on chromebook support

 16:28:27 <MagicFab> achiang, of course :) But you're asking Android users to test on their device. I expected being able to get back to its current state. NP, I see how I confused this.

 16:28:42 <achiang> MagicFab: happy to discuss in #ubuntu-arm after this meeting. :)

 16:28:43 <ogra-cb> MagicFab, well, most if not all blog posts say that we want to make the platform fit for small devices ... and platform here means mostly the plumbing layer

 16:28:52 <achiang> let's move on

 16:28:53 <dholbach> The next question seems to be a pressing one. cjwatson, Riddell and victorp asked the same question in different forms: <victorp> I would also like to ask about when raring images will be available and how are we doing with triaging/assigning bugs

 16:29:00 <diwic> obounaim, this is assuming you're talking about tablets. We have a lot of x86 desktops and laptops certified and pre-installed :-) ubuntu.com/certification, and ogra-cb can fill in on other ARM projects

 16:29:00 <dholbach> <cjwatson> question: How far are we from being able to run straight raring? I'm running mostly raring now, but still have some bits from the PPA

 16:29:02 <MagicFab> mfisch, I am not paid for this. I am willing to test for free but my current involvement is more as a power-user/tester.

 16:29:07 <dholbach> <Riddell> question: what's the state of daily image builds?

 16:29:08 <ogra-cb> no focus on any desktop funtionality, endusers or android hackers atm

 16:29:15 <MagicFab> dholbach, all, tx.

 16:29:19 <dholbach> thanks MagicFab

 16:29:27 <kyleN_> back up anroid > install U fro n7 > test > reset android > restore

 16:29:34 <mfisch> dholbach et al: Raring is coming soon

 16:29:41 <achiang> so, currently we have a few outstanding issues

 16:29:42 <mfisch> we're blocked on a Nux problem currently

 16:29:51 <cjwatson> FWIW I pinned the PPA and upgraded rather than worrying about daily builds

 16:29:53 <achiang> the nux fix should land today

 16:29:59 <cwayne> mfisch: the old drop shadow one?

 16:30:11 <achiang> once the nux fix lands, it will be safe for people to dist-upgrade to raring

 16:30:13 <mfisch> cwayne: no, thats not a blocker

 16:30:14 <ogra-cb> Riddell, nonexistent until IS has set up a new builder machine for arm images

 16:30:16 <achiang> that is different from daily images

 16:30:24 <achiang> daily images are blocked on new hardware

 16:30:31 <cwayne> oh right, the transparency one, duh

 16:30:39 <cjwatson> Yeah, I know about the daily builds issue, since it affects all ARM images

 16:30:40 <dholbach> achiang, so apart from nux, everything in https://launchpad.net/~ubuntu-nexus7/+archive/ppa is in raring? do we have a bug number for the nux problem?

 16:30:41 <ogra-cb> cjohnston, might probablz help to addd something abotu that to the wiki

 16:30:50 <ogra-cb> err cjwatson

 16:30:57 <ogra-cb> silly tab completion

 16:31:07 <cjwatson> dholbach: Right, that's what I was getting at

 16:31:09 <mfisch> I think this is the nux bug: #1065638 Unity panels don't display visuals

 16:31:11 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1065638 in ubuntu-nexus7 "Unity panels don't display visuals" [Critical,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1065638

 16:31:41 <ogra-cb> not everything, the settings arent yet (but will come soon)

 16:31:43 <cjwatson> There are definitely still packages in the PPA that are not in raring

 16:32:07 <ogra-cb> and i'm not sure jabout the brcm-patchram stuff

 16:32:15 <achiang> dholbach: but we do not need to push the PPA packages into raring. the next interim phase will be: 1) install from existing installer 2) dist-upgrade to raring

 16:32:17 <ogra-cb> as it is clearly the wrong approach for the distro

 16:32:18 <kyleN_> action for someone to push ppa pkgs to R?

 16:32:22 <mfisch> victorp: regarding bug triage, we've done an excellent job, I think, of getting stuff upstreamed and then diving back into some bugs to gather more info.  Some of the upstream bugs unfortunately are not getting much attention

 16:32:39 <achiang> the final phase will be to push all the PPA bits into raring, and then we'll have daily images

 16:32:40 <mfisch> victorp: specifically I'd love to have some unity help

 16:32:57 <victorp> mfisch, I see lots of bugs that are unassigned can we fix that?

 16:33:05 <victorp> like Ubuntu bugs

 16:33:12 <mfisch> victorp: but also something interesting is that say, 80-90% of our bugs are not specific to the N7

 16:33:51 <mfisch> victorp: I'd love to get people assigned, but how would I do that?  I'm not sure who could help (for example) with Unity bugs

 16:33:52 <dholbach> (Everyone who's interested and has more questions, please message me and I'll queue them up. Please don't be shy. :-))

 16:33:57 <vanhoof> ogra-cb: I'll take the patchram action

 16:34:16 <ogra-cb> vanhoof, that will likely need patches to bluez to be done right

 16:34:18 <vanhoof> ogra-cb: its been something that needs to be sorted out across the board

 16:34:20 <ogra-cb> or even the kernel

 16:34:42 <ogra-cb> iirc there are some patches that add kernel support for patchram already but not finished

 16:35:03 <cjwatson> achiang: one certainly can already do that, just with apt pinning

 16:35:03 <vanhoof> ogra-cb: theres been some preliminary work already which hit the kernel-team lists for quantal and precise a few weeks back

 16:35:06 <achiang> dholbach: summary is, we hope people can be on raring as soon as the nux fix lands. we will send out an announcement when it is safe to do so, hopefully early next week, say tuesday

 16:35:07 <vanhoof> ogra-cb: yup

 16:35:12 <ogra-cb> the current package rather follows a broken approach

 16:35:21 <dholbach> achiang, perfect

 16:35:22 <achiang> cjwatson: yeah, but not everyone is good at/competent with apt-pinning

 16:35:26 <mfisch> achiang: is the raring plan just to ask people to change sources and upgrade?

 16:35:35 <cjwatson> Yeah, just saying, it's a kind of stage 0

 16:35:41 <achiang> mfisch: yes, until we can produce dailies

 16:35:49 <dholbach> In terms of getting bugs looked at - would it help to also send a quick summary of blocker bugs to one of the mailing lists?

 16:35:58 <ogra-cb> i would say latest mid next week we should have dailies

 16:36:00 <cjwatson> $ cat /etc/apt/preferences.d/ubuntu-nexus7-ppa

 16:36:01 <cjwatson> Package: *

 16:36:01 <cjwatson> Pin: release o=LP-PPA-ubuntu-nexus7

 16:36:01 <cjwatson> Pin-Priority: 600

 16:36:02 <cjwatson> FWIW

 16:36:02 <achiang> cjwatson: can you post your pinning snippet? we could put it in the FAQ

 16:36:09 <achiang> psychic! :)

 16:36:26 <victorp> mfisch lets talk about that we need to find someone in desktop that can drive it

 16:36:34 <mfisch> victorp: great

 16:36:48 <ogra-cb> can someone take an action to put the pinning stuff above on the wiki for the brave ones

 16:37:00 <dholbach> can do

 16:37:07 <achiang> dholbach: i think we truly only have 1 blocker. but i would be happy to send a weekly "top X bugs" to ubuntu-devel or wherever is appropriate

 16:37:09 <mfisch> dholbach: sure, we could do that, right now the only major blocker besides nux is that stuck button1 issue.

 16:37:26 <mfisch> I'd love to do that actually if we think it will generate interest

 16:37:29 <dholbach> achiang, that'd be awesome

 16:37:40 <vanhoof> achiang: I can drive a report like that

 16:37:58 <achiang> ok, consider us signed up for it

 16:38:03 <dholbach> vanhoof, mfisch: maybe you'll find https://code.launchpad.net/~dholbach/+junk/nexus7-report interesting - it's something I quickly put together

 16:38:07 <dholbach> fantastic

 16:38:10 <vanhoof> preferences on where to send, ubuntu-devel@ work for everyone?

 16:38:18 <dholbach> yes, that should be good

 16:38:20 <achiang> also, someone from my team will also take the action to post the apt-pinning recipe

 16:38:48 <dholbach> achiang, I was going to do it, but I won't object ;-)

 16:38:49 * mfisch branches dholbach's code

 16:39:12 * achiang adds dholbach to my team, and considers the action taken care of ;)

 16:39:15 <dholbach> haha

 16:39:17 <dholbach> :-)

 16:39:18 <mfisch> so I'd like the report to be more than a buglist, and I claim that cwayne and I have the most knowledge of bug status

 16:39:20 <vanhoof> dholbach: thanks for the pointer

 16:39:30 <mfisch> list + some info/status/progress

 16:39:30 <cwayne> mfisch: +1

 16:39:34 <achiang> vanhoof: please work w/mfisch and cwayne on the report

 16:39:48 <vanhoof> +1

 16:40:00 <vanhoof> mfisch: cwayne: ill show you what I had in mind and we can go from there

 16:40:11 <kyleN_> ./report (per dholbach branch)

 16:40:17 <cwayne> vanhoof: +1

 16:40:29 <dholbach> Riddell, victorp, cjwatson: did your questions get sufficiently answered?

 16:40:44 <cjwatson> Yes

 16:40:50 <Riddell> yes

 16:41:09 <dholbach> shall we do a quick bug review after the questions?

 16:41:16 <victorp> yes

 16:41:18 <dholbach> cool

 16:41:20 <dholbach> so I have one question from jcastro_ - he wanted to know if we're moving the FAQ to Ask Ubuntu

 16:41:20 <kyleN_> dholbach, report output: http://paste.ubuntu.com/1363002/

 16:41:37 <dholbach> (If any of you have more questions, please message me. The queue is empty right now.)

 16:41:55 <dholbach> cwayne, you might know about the AskUbuntu FAQ situation

 16:42:36 <cwayne> dholbach: jcastro_: I'd like to eventually move it over.  Some of the questions may need to be combined or added to..

 16:42:54 <cwayne> jcastro_: Can I ask a question and answer it myself?  How can I get it pinned to the FAQ tab?

 16:43:29 <kyleN_> cwayne, for now, maybe add intro to wiki FAQ saying from now on use ask ubuntu (and how)

 16:43:47 <cwayne> kyleN_: well theres nowehere else to ask questions anyway :P

 16:44:02 <cwayne> all of the ?'s in the FAQ were from that one session

 16:44:22 <achiang> dholbach: jcastro_: yes, as soon as we clean up the FAQ we will definitely move it to AskUbuntu. at the moment, we're just trying to unbury ourselves from incoming bugs

 16:44:29 <achiang> so that would be a good place for folks to help

 16:44:42 <dholbach> This seems to be all the questions we had - you can of course all ask more questions and get in touch with the team in #ubuntu-arm and get involved there. :-)

 16:44:59 <achiang> help us get the incoming bugs linked against the proper upstreams (as many of them are not specific to the nexus7 at all) would be a huge help

 16:45:08 <mfisch> One of the more time consuming parts of looking at our bugs is trying the issues on other devices and looking at upstream

 16:45:14 <mfisch> and then duping back

 16:45:22 <dholbach> This nicely leads us to our next topic... :)

 16:45:24 <dholbach> #topic Bug review: https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu-nexus7

 16:45:37 <achiang> if you see an new bug, e.g., you could try to reproduce on your x86 laptop

 16:45:43 <jcastro_> cwayne: you can absolutely ask and answer your own, the FAQ part is autogenerated based on votes/traffic, and people linking to it

 16:45:52 <achiang> in many cases, you will see the same issue

 16:46:06 <cwayne> jcastro_: but I can't trick it to ensure it goes in FAQ?

 16:46:18 <cwayne> well i guess if it doesn't get traffic, it's not really frequently asked is it :P

 16:46:25 <jcastro_> right

 16:46:41 * cwayne takes an action to begin the transfer to AU today

 16:46:44 <jcastro_> cwayne: if everyone on the team votes on stuff accordingly it'll work itself out

 16:46:48 <mfisch> another triage note: If you find a N7 bug that has an older duplicate in another project, please dupe the new bug, then go to the older bug and mark as affecting N7.  Or just find me, achiang, and cwayne and we can help

 16:46:53 <dholbach> awesome

 16:46:54 <dholbach> victorp, you wanted to talk some more about bugs?

 16:47:10 <victorp> dholbach, nope I am fine

 16:47:29 <victorp> mfisch answered my question

 16:47:34 <cwayne> if anyone is planning on logging bugs, this may help explain what we're looking for: http://chrismwayne.com/?p=94

 16:47:41 <cwayne> </shamelessplug>

 16:47:53 <dholbach> oh, I thought somebody wanted to do a review of the open bugs, blockers, status of assigned bugs and so on?

 16:47:58 <mfisch> dholbach: I have a topic real quick

 16:48:03 <dholbach> sure

 16:48:06 <victorp> cwayne, that would be good to be *the wiki*

 16:48:10 <kyleN_> cwayne, put on wiki

 16:48:20 <mfisch> can achiang or janimo explain the plan for migrating to an official Ubuntu kernel config?

 16:48:31 <mfisch> figure some people would like to know

 16:48:37 <janimo> mfisch, kernel team will do it :)

 16:48:49 <cwayne> victorp: sure

 16:48:55 <janimo> the kernel is now maintained by the ubuntu kernel team

 16:48:56 <mfisch> janimo: just the config or will the Ubuntu specific patches also be merged?

 16:49:05 <janimo> mfisch, hopefully everything

 16:49:19 <janimo> as long as they can be applied to 3.1 I guess

 16:49:19 <mfisch> janimo: great, that should close out a bunch of bugs when it happens

 16:49:23 <ogra-cb> well, not everything :)

 16:49:38 <ogra-cb> we surely dont want all options an ubuntu kernel has by default

 16:49:47 <mfisch> janimo: any ideas when this will happen?

 16:49:55 * ogra-cb doesnt care much about hardware raid controllers on his nexus

 16:49:55 <mfisch> ogra-cb: but we do want more modules enabled

 16:50:04 <achiang> mfisch: can you take us through a list of the most pressing bugs this week?

 16:50:09 <ogra-cb> we want everything enabled you can attach

 16:50:14 <achiang> and we can see if we need help anywhere

 16:50:16 <janimo> mfisch, no, but it is on the kernel team's (which I am not part of) agenda

 16:50:22 <ogra-cb> whcih largely means USB and BT

 16:50:25 <mfisch> janimo: thanks

 16:50:26 <mfisch> achiang: sure

 16:50:29 <vanhoof> mfisch: that is being worked out atm as we prepare for R

 16:50:44 <mfisch> dholbach: I'll go over the top most pressing bugs

 16:50:50 <dholbach> thanks

 16:50:54 <vanhoof> mfisch: as things progress, we can report back status here or in the wiki

 16:51:06 <mfisch> vanhoof: great

 16:51:16 <mfisch> So the top bug is the Nux issue: #1065638 Unity panels don't display visuals

 16:51:28 <mfisch> we have a patch for Q in our PPA

 16:51:38 <mfisch> and apparently a fix in R is landing soon

 16:51:46 <achiang> i poked jay taoko today, and he says he's preparing a branch for landing "today"

 16:52:01 <mfisch> great

 16:52:16 <ogra-cb> what about the button 1 thing ?

 16:52:23 <mfisch> the next bug is the bug where the input gets stuck, as if the left button mouse is pressed: #1068994 button1 gets stuck after a while

 16:52:26 * ogra-cb would actually see that as more important

 16:52:35 <mfisch> we have no fix for this in Q or R currently

 16:52:49 <dholbach> 1068994	dandrader      	button1 gets stuck after a while

 16:52:58 <achiang> there is a developer working on it, but X is ... huge and hard to debug

 16:53:04 <mfisch> achiang: any updates on this?  I know it's being worked but that's all

 16:53:07 <mfisch> ok

 16:53:16 <achiang> i will poke dandrader on this one

 16:53:19 <dholbach> http://paste.ubuntu.com/1363002/ has a list of currently assigned bugs

 16:53:25 <dholbach> (in the ubuntu-nexus7 project)

 16:53:55 <mfisch> past those 2 bugs, we're in opinion territory for next most critical, but I'm going with this one: #1068804 sound only works after suspend/resume cycle

 16:54:13 <ogra-cb> rotation !

 16:54:21 * achiang owns an action to escalate to nvidia on the sound bug, will do today

 16:54:22 <mfisch> diwic did a lot of work on this, but at this point we're asking nVidia for help

 16:54:29 <janimo> ogra-cb, that's a missing feature not a bug :)

 16:54:36 <mfisch> ogra-cb: I'm smart enough to not rotate my device ;)

 16:54:44 <ogra-cb> JanC, the feature is there but its buggy :P

 16:54:49 <ogra-cb> bah

 16:54:57 <ogra-cb> janimo, ^^

 16:55:04 <mfisch> so as ogra-cb says we have several rotation bugs

 16:55:32 <mfisch> rotation causes screen corruption

 16:55:37 <mfisch> sometimes doesn't rotate input

 16:55:51 <cwayne> doesn't auto-rotate

 16:55:54 <kyleN_> (chrome doesn't rotate on Android JB)

 16:55:55 <mfisch> and the device doesn't autorotate when you physically move it

 16:56:30 <janimo> kyleN_, it does for me

 16:56:32 <mfisch> is bryceh working on those?

 16:56:52 <vanhoof> mfisch: do we have a plan on looking into the accelerometer that you know of?

 16:56:54 <achiang> i bet bryceh is playing video games 16 hours a day right now ;)

 16:56:56 <mfisch> I believe actually that none of them are being worked

 16:57:04 <janimo> vanhoof, yes it's on my plate

 16:57:07 <ogra-cb> achiang, hopefully

 16:57:08 <mfisch> vanhoof: I think janimo was going to

 16:57:28 <vanhoof> janimo: ah ok, please also give ming a ping, he has some background there

 16:57:36 <janimo> vanhoof, sure

 16:57:40 <mfisch> ogra-cb: has a good point, these bugs as a whole are likely in the top 5, so we need to get someone assigned

 16:57:44 <vanhoof> janimo: and a device :)

 16:57:54 <janimo> lol

 16:58:08 <mfisch> oh, and about kernel bugs

 16:58:25 <mfisch> we're not releasing any new Q kernels, so all the kernel fixes in progress will show up when we move to R

 16:58:33 <janimo> there is a package in raring now, we can just file bugs on it now

 16:58:44 <janimo> called linux-nexus7

 16:59:05 <mfisch> any other bugs that people would consider top bugs?

 16:59:13 <janimo> was the nautilus navigation is broken bug mentioned?

 16:59:21 <janimo> double tap not working in nautilus

 16:59:28 <mfisch> that's a good one

 16:59:34 <bdmurray> Is there an apport package hook for linux-nexus7?

 16:59:40 * ogra-cb thinks that falls under input bugs rather than nautilus

 16:59:48 <mfisch> nautilus double tap is broken, and single tap sometimes doesn't work either

 16:59:53 <dholbach> alright, we have only a bit of time left - anything else important we should be covering before we adjourn and move over to #ubuntu-arm?

 16:59:55 <janimo> ogra-cb, no, it works fine in thunar

 17:00:04 <mfisch> bdmurray: an apport hook is on our todo list

 17:00:04 <ogra-cb> bdmurray, kernel team maintains it, i woud expect so

 17:00:07 <janimo> and also in the mouse settings window

 17:00:11 <ogra-cb> janimo, oh

 17:00:42 <dholbach> Thanks a lot everyone for turning up. This was a great first meeting. If you have more questions, please head over to #ubuntu-arm - you've seen the team here, they're all nice chaps - they'll help you get started. :-)

 17:00:45 <kyleN_> ( janimo: you are correct. C rotation was locked in top panel for me )

 17:00:47 <cwayne> just a heads up -- to make debugging/benchmarking easier, i've created a couple metapackages that have been uploaded to universe for R

 17:00:48 <dholbach> And there's always https://wiki.ubuntu.com/Nexus7

 17:01:03 <mfisch> we can do follow-ups in #ubuntu-arm also

 17:01:12 <dholbach> cwayne, maybe we could include news like that in kind of a weekly report? I'd be happy to help getting it together and out there

 17:01:19 <cwayne> ubuntu-benchmarking-tools, and ubuntu-remote-debug-host-tools

 17:01:21 <cwayne> dholbach: sure

 17:01:32 <dholbach> Thanks a lot everyone. Great work! :)

 17:01:39 * vanhoof waves

 17:01:39 <achiang> cwayne: let's roll those up into our weekly status report which is due today. ;)

 17:01:53 <dholbach> sweet

 17:01:54 <ogra-cb> thanks dholbach !

 17:01:55 <kyleN_> aloha

 17:02:01 <ssweeny> thanks dholbach!

 17:02:01 <vanhoof> thanks dholbach

 17:02:05 <dholbach> thank you guys, you all did the hard work! :)

 17:02:09 <dholbach> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)