#title #ubuntu-meeting Meeting

Meeting started by slangasek at 15:01:37 UTC.  The full logs are
available at
http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2012/ubuntu-meeting.2012-08-29-15.01.log.html
.



== Meeting summary ==

 *Lightning round

 *Bugs

 *Blueprints

 *AOB



Meeting ended at 15:45:35 UTC.



== Votes ==




== Action items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * slangasek (63)
 * xnox (53)
 * ogra_ (40)
 * ev (32)
 * stokachu (17)
 * bdmurray (14)
 * ubottu (9)
 * doko_ (6)
 * jodh (6)
 * barry (5)
 * meetingology (4)



== Full Log ==


 15:01:37 <slangasek> #startmeeting

 15:01:37 <meetingology> Meeting started Wed Aug 29 15:01:37 2012 UTC.  The chair is slangasek. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 15:01:37 <meetingology> 

 15:01:37 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 15:01:38 <barry> ./

 15:01:52 <slangasek> #topic Lightning round

 15:02:26 <slangasek> will be a short one today; stgraber and infinity are at LinuxPlumbConFestSummitHat, cjwatson is off

 15:02:33 <slangasek> ev, we're counting on you to make up the difference

 15:02:38 <slangasek> $ echo $(shuf -e barry doko stgraber jodh ev bdmurray slangasek ogra infinity cjwatson xnox stokachu)

 15:02:41 <slangasek> jodh barry cjwatson bdmurray ev stokachu stgraber doko infinity slangasek xnox ogra

 15:02:42 <ev> lol

 15:02:49 <ogra_> \o/

 15:02:50 <jodh> * misc: Off Monday (Bank Holiday).

 15:02:50 <jodh> * boot/upstart:

 15:02:50 <jodh> - Stateful re-exec: Continued work to get post re-exec environment sane

 15:02:50 <jodh> (thanks to slangasek for his help).

 15:02:53 <jodh> J

 15:02:54 <ev> slangasek: public holiday - I'm going to disappoint today

 15:02:55 * ogra_ wins

 15:03:15 <barry> short week.  more work on gwibber py3 port; joined by robru, so we're splitting up the remainining tasks, and i'm reviewing and merging his mps into my branch.  should have our first full integration tests this week, hopefully landing the py3 branch soon after.  gave a udw talk on python3.  gave same talk (expanded) to PES.  dmb meeting.  done.

 15:03:42 <bdmurray> bug triage of package installation failures / distribution upgrades

 15:03:42 <bdmurray> gathering of and research into BootDmesg from bug reports to determine number of people using mdadm

 15:03:45 <bdmurray> wrote code to create duplicate signatures for existing bugs with a VarLogDistupgradeApttermlog.gz file

 15:03:48 <bdmurray> investigation into DuplicateSignature not being created for all package installation failures

 15:03:58 <bdmurray> apport upload to quantal with an improved duplicate signature creation

 15:03:58 <bdmurray> investigation into dpkg already installed and configured issue

 15:03:58 <bdmurray> research into apport reporting python dbus no reply reports and them appearing on errors.ubuntu.com

 15:04:01 <bdmurray> upload to precise-proposed for bug 1042970

 15:04:03 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1042970 in apport (Ubuntu Precise) "apport not blocking DBus no reply bug reports" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1042970

 15:04:06 <bdmurray> done

 15:05:26 <slangasek> jodh: do you confirm the bug that my test case turned up?  any progress on fixing that?

 15:05:34 <ev> - Short week; public holiday on Monday.

 15:05:34 <ev> - Fix odd behavior around the most common problems form.

 15:05:34 <ev> - Reworked most common problems table to actually show the most common 100

 15:05:34 <ev> problems, rather than any problems with an instance count greater than 20.

 15:05:44 <jodh> slangasek: yes, thanks - been working on it all day.

 15:05:44 <ev> - Investigated whether we were indeed handling etags correctly - we are.

 15:05:44 <ev> - Worked with IS to diagnose problems with the retracers exiting multiple

 15:05:44 <ev> times a day. At least part of the problem is that the retracers were pointed

 15:05:44 <ev> at a single Cassandra node. I fixed that, but we're still seeing issues. It

 15:05:50 <ev> now looks like we may be inserting too much data in a single operation

 15:05:50 <ev> (hitting limits in Thrift). I need access to the Cassandra and retracer logs

 15:05:50 <ev> to find out for sure (see below).

 15:05:50 <ev> - Speed ups to the most common problems API call in the hope that they

 15:05:50 <ev> remedy some of the problems we're seeing with timeouts loading the table.

 15:05:51 <ev> - Grab five rows at a time - this might be evil. Cassandra is very sensitive

 15:05:51 <ev> to multigets of rows.

 15:05:54 <slangasek> jodh: ok

 15:05:55 <ev> - Trying to fix canonical-memento to sync retracer logs with the correct

 15:05:55 <ev> permissions.

 15:05:55 <ev> - Wrote a new State of the Ubuntu Error Tracker email. Sent to Matthew and

 15:05:55 <ev> Brian for review.

 15:05:55 <ev> - Finished wiring up the 90 day unique user calculation. Created RT 55650 for

 15:05:56 <ev> it.

 15:06:02 <ev> - Reviewed Dmitrijs' geonames branch, Brian's LiveCDBuild branch of whoopsie,

 15:06:02 <ev> and mvo's apport recoverable problem using branch of software-center.

 15:06:02 <ev> - Fixed a bug that was preventing us from correctly bucketing crashes that had

 15:06:02 <ev> a package without a version specified in the report.

 15:06:02 <ev> - Added getting the problem instances for a user and individual instances to

 15:06:02 <ev> the errors.ubuntu.com API.

 15:06:18 <ev> - Other things I'm probably forgetting. See the State of the Ubuntu Error Tracker email when it comes out for more detail.

 15:06:21 <ev> (done)

 15:06:25 <ogra_> wow

 15:06:33 <ogra_> that was short !

 15:06:37 <ev> see!

 15:06:41 <stokachu> - Not to nag but waiting on multiarch SRU's to be reviewed :)

 15:06:43 <stokachu> - @bdmurry - I was told to mention http://pad.lv/941673 because of

 15:06:45 <stokachu> some 'vandalism' where someone set the case to fix released with

 15:06:47 <stokachu> no fix..so not sure.

 15:06:48 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 941673 in accountsservice (Ubuntu Precise) "performance of accounts-daemon is very poor" [High,Triaged]

 15:06:49 <stokachu> - Begin investigating customer supported cases that need to be addressed

 15:06:51 <stokachu> for milestone 12.04.02

 15:06:53 <stokachu> - Monitor +1 FTBS for any main packages and other archives when time permits

 15:07:19 <stokachu> (Done)

 15:08:56 <bdmurray> stokachu: probably just an innocent mistake

 15:09:06 <barry> stokachu: every month or so, we get a guy who vandalizes a handful of mailman bug tasks by doing assignments and status changes.  he has a slightly different id but same name every time, and we get the lpadmins to ban him every time.  it's highly annoying, and even though i've reached out to him numerous times, he still comes back and does it again.   i really don't know why :/

 15:09:32 <stokachu> oh ok, what was weird is i couldnt set the status back to what it was

 15:09:38 <stokachu> probably permissions

 15:10:53 <ogra_> doko_, ?

 15:11:03 <slangasek> doko_: your turn

 15:11:26 <stokachu> slangasek: ive asked in -devel for the patch pilots to review those multi-arch but having no luck

 15:11:36 <stokachu> i know youre busy

 15:11:43 <xnox> bdmurray: the annoying bit with status changes, is that you can't see them in the lp.net at all: it's doesn't show up in related/commented/* bugs. Such that a vandal account can have prestine personal bugs views, yet changing statuses everywhere.

 15:11:45 <doko_> - python2.7, python3.2, python3.3 updates

 15:11:45 <doko_> - address all open multiarch issues for python3.3

 15:11:45 <doko_> - finally found the "no stdout for sharedmods build" in python

 15:11:45 <doko_> - python3-stdlib-extensions update, distribute update

 15:11:45 <doko_> - gdb update to 7.5

 15:11:46 <slangasek> stokachu: well, I was patch pilot this week and didn't get to them :P  so I'm going to make up the time

 15:11:55 <stokachu> lol ok

 15:11:55 <doko_> (done)

 15:12:04 <slangasek> stokachu: no need to make excuses for me being busy, we're all busy ;)

 15:12:16 <bdmurray> xnox: they can't hide from the mailing lists

 15:12:22 <stokachu> sounds good man

 15:12:46 <xnox> bdmurray: which one? I want to grep for someone.

 15:12:46 <barry> doko_: wow!  what was the problem w/stdout?

 15:13:49 <bdmurray> xnox: https://lists.ubuntu.com/mailman/listinfo/ubuntu-bugs

 15:13:55 <slangasek> doko_, barry: that reminds me, a friend reported an amusing mis-feature in python2.7 regarding stdout encoding... the whole bit where the locale encoding is only used when stdout is a terminal?  Apparently doesn't apply in python2.7 if you're from __future__ import print_function :D

 15:13:56 <xnox> bdmurray: ok. thanks.

 15:14:16 <slangasek> * fully back on my feet now following surgery, boots no longer getting in my way

 15:14:19 <slangasek> * helping jodh with upstart stateful reexec

 15:14:22 <slangasek> * patch pilot day

 15:14:24 <slangasek> * 12.04.1 in the bag

 15:14:24 <barry> wow

 15:14:27 <slangasek> * discussions around choice of secureboot bootloader for 12.10

 15:14:29 <slangasek> * proposal to drop alternate CDs for 12.10 - thanks all for the participation in the list discussion

 15:14:32 <slangasek> * todo this week:

 15:14:34 <slangasek> * work with ogra on a Google OnAir session on how to use your Panda board

 15:14:38 <slangasek> * XDG_RUNTIME_DIR spec to be done this week

 15:14:40 <slangasek> * continued work on upstart re-exec support

 15:14:43 <slangasek> * multiarch SRU reviews!

 15:14:45 <slangasek> (done)

 15:14:49 <stokachu> :D

 15:15:02 <slangasek> ogra_: your go

 15:15:04 <ogra_> cograts to your boot-fixes :)

 15:15:06 <xnox> ?

 15:15:19 <ogra_> xnox, he doesnt like you anymore

 15:15:22 <ogra_> :)

 15:15:27 <ogra_> xnox, go :)

 15:15:28 <slangasek> oh oops

 15:15:31 <slangasek> xnox: your turn :P

 15:15:38 <xnox> * Fixed geoname lookup code (Now only 4 New York's instead of 20),

 15:15:38 <xnox> which is now awaiting deployment by IS. See RT #55554.

 15:15:38 <xnox> * Sponsored a fix for quantal update-notifier (crashed upgrades to

 15:15:38 <xnox> quantal & quantal daily cds) http://pad.lv/1040380

 15:15:38 <xnox> * Filed feature freeze exceptions for landing ubiquity lvm/luks work

 15:15:38 <xnox> #1042649, #1042647, #1042642, #1042639. Two of which will be landing

 15:15:39 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1040380 in update-notifier (Ubuntu) "package-data-downloader crashed with AttributeError in process_download_requests(): 'Deb822' object has no attribute 'has_key'" [Medium,Fix released]

 15:15:40 <xnox> today / tomorrow (manual partitioning layout change & lvm checkbox,

 15:15:43 <xnox> including all translations for manual LVM & crypto). Watch the updates

 15:15:45 <xnox> on those tickets. This has been discussed with Kate Steward and

 15:15:46 <xnox> mentioned in the release meeting on Friday. Currently fighting with

 15:15:48 <xnox> debconf translation system.

 15:15:51 <xnox> * Started the wiki page of what testcases should be created for

 15:15:53 <xnox> LVM/LUKS ubiquity features: https://wiki.ubuntu.com/Ubiquity/LVMLUKSTesting

 15:15:57 <xnox> * BTW. llvmpipe actually works nice in VMs now. (I give two CPUs and

 15:15:59 <xnox> 2048MB RAM to the VM)

 15:16:01 <xnox> * Boost1.46 finally removed from the archive after the last round of

 15:16:03 <xnox> fixing reverse build-deps on versioned -dev packages.

 15:16:05 <xnox> * Follow up on removing alternative CDs: threads & posts.

 15:16:07 <xnox> * Merge & Deploy updated ubiquity slideshow support for the "new" &

 15:16:09 <xnox> "improved" slideshows which now support localised screenshots via

 15:16:11 <xnox> ubuntu-defaults (as part of patch piloting at the same time).

 15:16:13 <xnox> * Booking travel for UDS-R. Monday was a Late Summer Bank Holiday, so

 15:16:15 <xnox> short week.

 15:16:17 <xnox> * Ported debtagshw to python3 on the weekend, need to submit that

 15:16:19 <xnox> patch for review.

 15:16:21 <xnox> -done-

 15:16:29 <ogra_> done:

 15:16:29 <ogra_> * made omap4 PVR work (we now have a working GLES driver in quantal for panda)

 15:16:29 <ogra_> * included pvr-omap4 as default in the panda images (GLES works OOTB with tomorrows images)

 15:16:29 <ogra_> * compiz GLES testbuilds (still ongoing, should land today though)

 15:16:29 <ogra_> * some fixes for the virtual bamboo-feeder

 15:16:30 <ogra_> * held an UDW talk about arm

 15:16:31 <ogra_> * fixing build issues with livecd-rootfs that had grown a feature to automatically build foreign arches in a qemu vm ...

 15:16:35 <ogra_> (our buildds being armel then forced the panda livefs build to try to use qemu for armhf images)

 15:16:37 <ogra_> todo:

 15:16:39 <ogra_> * bug 1028905

 15:16:40 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1028905 in cdrom-detect (Ubuntu Quantal) "cdrom-detect in quantal omap4 hangs trying to look for install media on an extended partition" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1028905

 15:16:41 <ogra_> * make a decision if we want to show the source device in the partitioner on pandas (bug 1042930)

 15:16:41 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1042930 in ubiquity (Ubuntu) "partition size error during install of Quantal on Panda board" [Undecided,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1042930

 15:16:45 <ogra_> * prepare for beta

 15:16:53 <ogra_> ... my BT still doesnt work if i use the kbd and the headset in full duplex mode ...

 15:17:07 <ogra_> (half duplex works just fine)

 15:17:10 <ogra_> ..

 15:17:40 <slangasek> xnox: fyi I poked IS about RT #55554 on our sync call, so it's gotten into the right queue now and should happen soon-ish

 15:18:03 <xnox> slangasek: \0/ yeah I did see it bouncing about

 15:18:41 <xnox> ogra_: panda boards & wifi? still.... it was meant to work with -proposed kernel, but now there are multiple bugs about it (both from server (me) and desktop images)

 15:19:03 <ogra_> xnox, rtg just fixed linux-firmware

 15:19:18 <xnox> ogra_: ah, perfect =) will test.

 15:19:23 <ogra_> quantal should be fine, if you see anyprecise bugs for wlan, please notify me

 15:19:36 <xnox> ok.

 15:19:50 <xnox> precise is fine so far with wlan and everything else =)

 15:20:02 <ogra_> seems the kernel didnt declare an explicit need for the fw file

 15:20:22 <ogra_> so the scripts didnt pull it in

 15:20:25 <ogra_> ..

 15:21:50 <slangasek> #topic Bugs

 15:22:12 <slangasek> bdmurray: termites?  cockroaches?

 15:22:36 * xnox has metro bugs

 15:22:43 <bdmurray> I don't have much other than bug 523896 which I found a few more duplicates of

 15:22:44 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 523896 in shadow (Ubuntu Quantal) "useradd: cannot lock /etc/passwd; try again later." [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/523896

 15:23:55 <slangasek> yeah... that's a JFDI at this point

 15:24:09 <slangasek> solution in https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/shadow/+bug/523896/comments/20

 15:24:11 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 523896 in shadow (Ubuntu Quantal) "useradd: cannot lock /etc/passwd; try again later." [High,Triaged]

 15:24:13 <slangasek> any takers for implementing it?

 15:25:56 <xnox> upstart job to delete those?

 15:25:58 <xnox> @boot

 15:25:58 <meetingology> xnox: Error: "boot" is not a valid command.

 15:26:09 <xnox> i could do it.

 15:26:46 <xnox> is there a real fix for this though? or are we just going to keep that forever

 15:26:52 <slangasek> it's just a small upstart job to rm -f /etc/gshadow.lock /etc/shadow.lock /etc/passwd.lock /etc/group.lock when the rootfs is mounted

 15:26:52 <slangasek> xnox: can you squeeze that in?

 15:27:13 <xnox> yeah. should be ok.

 15:27:36 <slangasek> xnox: no, that's the correct fix - whatever's causing it should *also* be more graceful, but there's always the possibility of a power event causing these to be left behind, so the system needs to be robustified

 15:27:45 <slangasek> assigning to you, thanks

 15:27:48 <slangasek> bdmurray: anything else?

 15:27:58 <xnox> bug 1042159 and bug 1043149 Microsoft is offering Windows 8 Preview Release for free. One new feature is that it hibernates when user shutdowns. This breaks wubi & ntfs-3g

 15:28:00 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1042159 in Wubi "[regression since 12.04] wubi won't boot when Windows8 is hibernated (default)" [Undecided,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1042159

 15:28:01 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1043149 in ntfs-3g (Ubuntu) "[regression since 12.04] ntfs-3g refuses to mount Windows8 not using hibernation" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1043149

 15:28:20 <bdmurray> slangasek: no that's it for today

 15:28:47 <xnox> the feature is that by default on shut-down windows8 hibernates kernel & restores that on boot.

 15:29:08 * xnox doesn't want to look at this =)

 15:29:10 <ogra_> lovely

 15:29:44 <xnox> all IT media are crazy about "Windows 8 boots too fast".... well it hibernates fast....

 15:30:05 <ogra_> yeah

 15:30:20 <slangasek> xnox: does wubi or ntfs-3g misbehave (corrupt data) when this happens?

 15:31:25 <xnox> slangasek: that is something to test. If we can force them & see if Windows still boots after (i) wubi usage or (ii) ntfs-3g read or (iii) write usage.

 15:31:47 <xnox> anyone wants to install Windows8 PR?

 15:31:59 <xnox> and dual boot ubuntu?

 15:32:37 <xnox> this can wait for an SRU, since windows8 will be released after quantal.

 15:32:55 <slangasek> well, wubi itself is difficult to SRU

 15:33:25 <xnox> true.

 15:34:03 <slangasek> the comments in #1043149 are interesting; suggests that this is a problem even when you try to explicitly avoid the hibernate option?

 15:34:52 <slangasek> seems that this is very risky to correct for from the Ubuntu side and we may have to simply document a workaround that users will need to apply under Windows 8

 15:35:00 <xnox> slangasek: yes. In Window8 hibernate = full hibernate; shutdown = hibernate kernel & shutdown the rest.

 15:35:08 * slangasek opens a release notes task for now

 15:35:33 <xnox> ok. "Please disable _all_ of hibernations if you want to use wubi or access files from ubuntu"

 15:36:58 <slangasek> yeah

 15:37:35 <slangasek> ok, marked the bug up

 15:37:45 <slangasek> stokachu: anything from your end?  besides the usual suspects :)

 15:38:22 <stokachu> slangasek: i think we'rd good right now

 15:39:27 <slangasek> ok cool

 15:39:39 <slangasek> [TOPIC] Blueprints

 15:40:06 <slangasek> in general we seem to be having a hard time this cycle getting blueprints down to the trend line

 15:40:10 <slangasek> I'm not sure exactly why that is

 15:40:27 <slangasek> but I'm going to propose a new policy to try to help those along

 15:40:57 <slangasek> starting next week, please include for your lightning round reports a summary of the status of each blueprint that you have outstanding work items for

 15:41:06 * ogra_ thinks we have a lot idling specs that we probalbly should just postpone

 15:41:17 <slangasek> probably

 15:41:37 <slangasek> so the above is intended as a nudge to remind folks to do the actual postponement if appropriate rather than letting them linger

 15:41:45 <slangasek> ok?

 15:41:50 <xnox> ok.

 15:42:19 <slangasek> [TOPIC] AOB

 15:42:22 <ogra_> o/

 15:42:23 <slangasek> anything else?

 15:42:29 <slangasek> we've got some time to fill ;)

 15:42:31 <slangasek> ogra_: go

 15:42:46 <ogra_> its my moms b-day this friday and i would like to end my friday early to visit my parents +

 15:42:59 <ogra_> that means i need someone to replace me in the release meeting

 15:43:06 <ogra_> anyone volunteering ?

 15:43:14 <stokachu> CaKE

 15:43:18 <slangasek> ogra_: I can cover.  will you send the summary to the list as usual?

 15:43:19 <ogra_> ++

 15:43:33 <ogra_> slangasek, yeah, only the meeting itself

 15:43:50 * ogra_ will have a cacke for each of you :)

 15:43:55 <slangasek> ;)

 15:43:59 <ogra_> *cake too :P

 15:44:59 <slangasek> anything else?

 15:45:35 <slangasek> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)