#title #ubuntu-meeting Meeting

Meeting started by bdmurray at 18:03:09 UTC.  The full logs are
available at
http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2012/ubuntu-meeting.2012-02-15-18.03.log.html
.



== Meeting summary ==

 *Previous Actions

 *Engineering Team Bug Status

 *Bug Escalations (any High or Critical bugs that community members have seen that need attention)

 *Other Topics



Meeting ended at 18:24:28 UTC.



== Votes ==




== Action items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * bdmurray (30)
 * jsalisbury (3)
 * meetingology (3)
 * charlie-tca (3)
 * ubottu (1)



== Full Log ==


 18:03:09 <bdmurray> #startmeeting

 18:03:09 <meetingology> Meeting started Wed Feb 15 18:03:09 2012 UTC.  The chair is bdmurray. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 18:03:09 <meetingology> 

 18:03:09 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 18:03:30 <bdmurray> #topic Previous Actions

 18:03:42 * bdmurray create a better list of apport-crash bugs with "DBus.Error.NoReply" in the title with bug information regarding status, importance, number of dupes and users affected: bdmurray

 18:03:53 <bdmurray> that was something Ursinha wanted to see

 18:04:03 <bdmurray> and its at http://paste.ubuntu.com/843325/

 18:04:21 <bdmurray> I stripped out the titles because they were all the same

 18:04:24 <bdmurray> more or less

 18:05:48 <bdmurray> so I think if the bug is Confirmed or Triaged they should be manually inspected otherwise they could automatically be marked as invalid

 18:06:17 <bdmurray> with an explanation regarding why the client error isn't helpful and how we really want the crash from the server

 18:07:31 <bdmurray> #topic Engineering Team Bug Status

 18:08:12 <bdmurray> I've been looking at update-manager bugs and realized there isn't an apport hook for update-manager in Lucid so I've added one and that upload is in lucid-proposed

 18:08:41 <bdmurray> this should help us get higher quality bug reports from people performing distribution upgrades from lucid to precise

 18:08:59 <bdmurray> that's bug 927979 if anybody wants to subscribe and do the sru verification

 18:09:00 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 927979 in update-manager (Ubuntu Lucid) "include apport hook in Lucid version of update-manager" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/927979

 18:10:13 <bdmurray> I've also had a change merged to ubiquity that will result in more apport-crash reports. Not more bugs but rather some crashes were being reported as apport-bug reports rather than crashes.

 18:10:19 <bdmurray> so that'll be good

 18:10:35 <bdmurray> as the bugs will have tracebacks and can be auto duplicated

 18:11:42 <bdmurray> I also updated lp_buttontags and firefox-lp-improvements so that tagging works again

 18:12:20 <bdmurray> finally I've a merge proposal that allows lp-grab-attachments to work with a project (I was using this to download all wubi bug attachments)

 18:12:29 <bdmurray> Ursinha: Do you have anything?

 18:14:01 <bdmurray> jsalisbury: ?

 18:14:36 <jsalisbury> No major updates.  Continuing to address new precise kernels bug to get as many fixed as possible.

 18:14:55 <jsalisbury> I need to ask the kernel team when kerneloops should be disabled in precise.

 18:16:28 <bdmurray> kerneloops, ah right.  that's an easy thing so whenever

 18:16:47 <jsalisbury> ok, I'll let you know shortly

 18:17:07 <bdmurray> thanks!

 18:17:25 <bdmurray> #topic Bug Escalations (any High or Critical bugs that community members have seen that need attention)

 18:17:47 <bdmurray> charlie-tca: have you seen anything?

 18:20:09 <bdmurray> #topic Other Topics

 18:20:14 <bdmurray> anything else then?

 18:22:11 <charlie-tca> sorry,

 18:22:16 <bdmurray> charlie-tca: no problem

 18:22:29 <charlie-tca> no, I haven't seen any really serious issues this cycle

 18:22:54 <charlie-tca> It seems like a really good cycle for bugs

 18:23:15 <bdmurray> that's good to hear, thanks

 18:24:23 <bdmurray> if that's all then

 18:24:28 <bdmurray> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)