#title #ubuntu-meeting Meeting

Meeting started by slangasek at 15:03:06 UTC.  The full logs are
available at
http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2012/ubuntu-meeting.2012-09-05-15.03.log.html
.



== Meeting summary ==

 *lightning round

 *Bugs
''LINK:'' http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-q-tracking-bug-tasks.html   (slangasek, 15:43:07)
''LINK:'' http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-q-tracking-bug-tasks.html   (slangasek, 15:43:18)

 *AOB



Meeting ended at 16:02:07 UTC.



== Votes ==




== Action items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * slangasek (80)
 * ogra_ (51)
 * cjwatson (46)
 * ev (35)
 * xnox (32)
 * bdmurray (26)
 * ubottu (25)
 * stgraber (20)
 * stokachu (9)
 * doko (9)
 * barry (6)
 * meetingology (3)



== Full Log ==


 15:03:06 <slangasek> #startmeeting

 15:03:06 <meetingology> Meeting started Wed Sep  5 15:03:06 2012 UTC.  The chair is slangasek. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 15:03:06 <meetingology> 

 15:03:06 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 15:03:15 * stokachu removes socks

 15:03:15 <slangasek> #topic lightning round

 15:03:21 <slangasek> $ echo $(shuf -e barry doko stgraber jodh ev bdmurray slangasek ogra infinity cjwatson xnox stokachu)

 15:03:24 <slangasek> ev jodh bdmurray xnox doko ogra stgraber slangasek barry stokachu cjwatson infinity

 15:03:29 <ev> I lose.

 15:03:44 <ev> - Finally got to the bottom of our retracer problems. Cassandra and its

 15:03:44 <ev> transport layer, Thrift, do not like large column values. The limit here is

 15:03:44 <ev> currently about 16MB. So if we encounter a value larger than that, like we

 15:03:44 <ev> did with lyx's hundred megabyte stacktrace (!), we break it apart into

 15:03:44 <ev> separate numbered columns. Added some tooling to better diagnose these sorts

 15:03:44 <ev> of problems in the future.

 15:03:53 <ev> - Started counting the number of reports we receive for the combinations of

 15:03:53 <ev> (package, release, version) so that we can adapt the average errors per day

 15:03:53 <ev> graph on the front page to the form selection. Right now it just shows lines

 15:03:53 <ev> for all of 12.04 and all of 12.10.

 15:03:53 <ev> - Investigated efficient solutions to recording the First seen and Last seen

 15:03:53 <ev> versions for each problem on a per-release level. Committed and RT filed.

 15:04:03 <ev> - Finally finished off the bug creation branch of lp:errors and merged it in.

 15:04:03 <ev> Once this is landed on production, you'll see a "Create" link wherever you

 15:04:03 <ev> currently see a blank space in the bug column of the most common problems

 15:04:04 <ev> table. This asynchronously talks to Launchpad, creates a bug for the package

 15:04:04 <ev> in question, and subscribes you to it. It also records it in Cassandra so

 15:04:04 <ev> that if we do eventually see a bug report from Apport, we can just

 15:04:04 <ev> programmatically dup it to the errors.ubuntu.com created one.

 15:04:15 <ev> 

 15:04:15 <ev> This functionality *should* supersede the daisy backend to apport's

 15:04:15 <ev> crash-digger. Time will tell if this is the right solution. It also is the

 15:04:15 <ev> foundational piece for building a mapping between bug numbers and fixed

 15:04:15 <ev> binary packages so that we can feed users updates that purport to fix the

 15:04:15 <ev> issue they just encountered.

 15:04:16 <ev> - Still waiting on https://rt.admin.canonical.com/Ticket/Display.html?id=55322

 15:04:16 <ev> with lots of things queued up behind it. It's near the top of the chart, but

 15:04:17 <ev> I'm growing concerned about just how much stuff is going to land right

 15:04:17 <ev> behind it.

 15:04:18 <ev> https://portal.admin.canonical.com/ruins?team=losa

 15:04:18 <ev> (done)

 15:04:34 <doko> that was short ...

 15:04:40 <ev> you're welcome

 15:06:04 <cjwatson> jodh is on holiday IIRC

 15:06:15 <cjwatson> (He mailed his update)

 15:06:52 <cjwatson> * blueprints

 15:06:53 <cjwatson> - foundations-q-session-management:

 15:06:53 <cjwatson> - no progress (but I actually don't have any work items on this one ;-)

 15:06:56 <cjwatson> - desktop-q-upstart-session-requirements

 15:06:59 <cjwatson> - not started: still awaiting desktop teams precise requirements.

 15:07:01 <cjwatson> - foundations-q-upstart-service-readiness

 15:07:04 <cjwatson> - no recent progress: the 2 outstanding work items are man page updates.

 15:07:07 <cjwatson> - foundations-q-upstart-roadmap

 15:07:09 <cjwatson> - no recent progress.

 15:07:12 <cjwatson> - foundations-q-event-based-initramfs:

 15:07:14 <cjwatson> - Fixed EventOperator collapsing code to serialise start/stop on.

 15:07:17 <cjwatson> - Implemented cross re-exec logger handling.

 15:07:19 <cjwatson> - Moved to using branch lp:~upstart-devel/upstart/stateful-reexec.

 15:07:21 <cjwatson> - Got working Ubuntu build in ppa:jamesodhunt/upstart-testing.

 15:07:24 <cjwatson> - Publicised build on ubuntu-devel.

 15:07:27 <cjwatson> ^- jodh's update

 15:07:46 <cjwatson> bdmurray: around?

 15:08:08 <bdmurray> cjwatson: shall I start or is there more from jodh?

 15:08:19 <bdmurray> ah yes!

 15:08:29 <bdmurray> holidaysÂ²

 15:08:29 <bdmurray> merge proposal https://code.launchpad.net/~brian-murray/apport/pre-release-freeze/+merge/122747

 15:08:32 <bdmurray> uploaded apport bug fix for bug 917903 regarding examining VarLogDistupgradeApttermlog attachments

 15:08:34 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 917903 in apport (Ubuntu) "ubuntu general hook doesn't know how to read .gz files" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/917903

 15:08:35 <bdmurray> uploaded grub2 fixing bug 919956

 15:08:36 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 919956 in grub2 (Ubuntu) "Apport hook breaks with Pyhton2 due to non-ASCII character" [Medium,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/919956

 15:08:41 <bdmurray> discussion with ev regarding package installation failures

 15:08:41 <bdmurray> sorted out a failed upgrade to quantal

 15:08:41 <bdmurray> reported bugs 1043867, 1043862, 1043859

 15:08:41 <bdmurray> discussion regarding bug reporting information on the ubuntu qa tracker

 15:08:41 <bdmurray> tested kernels for audio bug 1043538

 15:08:45 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1043862 in evolution (Ubuntu) "gsettings-data-convert crashed with signal 5 in g_settings_schema_get_value()" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1043862

 15:08:46 <ubottu> Error: Launchpad bug 1043859 could not be found

 15:08:47 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1043449 in postgresql-9.1 (Ubuntu Quantal) "duplicate for #1043867 package postgresql-client-9.1 9.1.5-1 failed to install/upgrade: trying to overwrite '/usr/share/postgresql/9.1/man/man1/pg_basebackup.1.gz', which is also in package postgresql-9.1 9.1.5-0ubuntu12.04" [High,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1043449

 15:08:48 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1043538 in alsa-driver (Ubuntu) "[0831CTO, Conexant CX20585, Pink Mic, Right] No sound at all" [Medium,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1043538

 15:08:51 <bdmurray> done

 15:09:18 <xnox> * This week I have spend breaking & fixing ubiquity and dependencies.

 15:09:18 <xnox> Causing respins for the milestone. In retrospect, more testing & code

 15:09:19 <xnox> review & landing the thursday upload later maybe would have been

 15:09:19 <xnox> better, maybe not.

 15:09:19 <xnox> * Trianging loads of interesting bugs from jibel with respect to new & existing

 15:09:19 <xnox> ubiquity behaviour with various options. Some fixed, some to fix

 15:09:21 <xnox> after beta1.

 15:09:23 <xnox> * Had little progress finishing manual LVM & Crypt, due to above.

 15:09:27 <xnox> * Specs & workitems tracker:

 15:09:29 <xnox> - postponed low priority spec foundations-q-degraded-hw-notification

 15:09:31 <xnox> - postponed foundations-q-event-based-initramfs. Upstart stateful

 15:09:33 <xnox> re-exec is nearing completion, the implementation for the event

 15:09:34 <xnox> based initramfs has not started and will not be landing in

 15:09:36 <xnox> quantal. But this is work to be done during late quantal & early

 15:09:38 <xnox> Rancid Raccoon. Note two views:

 15:09:39 <slangasek> ev: bah, still waiting on the django ticket?  any idea why it's held up now?

 15:09:40 <xnox> http://status.ubuntu.com/ubuntu-quantal/u/xnox.html (new)

 15:09:42 <xnox> http://status.ubuntu.com/ubuntu-quantal/u/dmitrij.ledkov.html (old)

 15:09:44 <xnox> Filed http://pad.lv/1045548 asking to merge the two.

 15:09:46 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1045548 in work-items-tracker "launchpad id rename confused status.ubuntu.com" [Undecided,New]

 15:09:46 <xnox> * Still Blocked: Geoname lookup still not deployed. See RT #55554

 15:09:54 <ev> slangasek: *shrugs*

 15:10:24 <slangasek> ev: as for "how much stuff is going to land right behind it", perhaps you could ask for a staged roll-out, and have them only deploy the subsequent commits in batches of 100? ;)

 15:10:37 <ev> lol

 15:10:47 <stgraber> ;)

 15:10:57 <xnox> ev: every friday to excercise canonistack deployments.

 15:11:03 <doko> - OpenJDK week ...

 15:11:03 <doko> - update both openjdk-6 and openjdk-7 to recent release

 15:11:03 <doko> - some bug triage, but getting demotivated by 475 reports

 15:11:03 <doko> - debug and fix jamvm for openjdk-7

 15:11:03 <doko> - package Avian, another jvm for x86, ARM and powerpc

 15:11:04 <doko> - started icedtea-web update and bug triage

 15:11:06 <doko> - look at webkit build failure on ARM with bzoltan

 15:11:25 <ogra_> done ?

 15:11:49 <doko> yes

 15:11:53 <ogra_> done:

 15:11:53 <ogra_> * fix nux, compiz and unity for GLES (over and over and over...)

 15:11:53 <ogra_> * make beta work on arm

 15:11:53 <ogra_> * test arm beta images

 15:11:53 <ogra_> * updated usb-imagewriter (dd frontend in universe for writing arm images to SD) from hal to udisks (upload pending)

 15:11:56 <ogra_> todo:

 15:11:58 <ogra_> * bug 1028905

 15:11:59 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1028905 in cdrom-detect (Ubuntu Quantal) "cdrom-detect in quantal omap4 hangs trying to look for install media on an extended partition" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1028905

 15:12:00 <ogra_> * bug 1045855

 15:12:01 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1045855 in linux-ti-omap4 (Ubuntu) "usb keyboard doesn't work during installation of ubuntu-server on panda" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1045855

 15:12:02 <ogra_> * bug 1045741

 15:12:03 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1045741 in firefox (Ubuntu) "since the switch to unity 3D and the GLES driver by default firefox on the pandaboard reders extremely slow" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1045741

 15:12:04 <ogra_> * bug 1045491

 15:12:05 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1045491 in pvr-omap4 (Ubuntu Quantal) "Moving mouse messes up the desktop" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1045491

 15:12:06 <ogra_> * decide if the bootpartition on the pandas shouldnt be a hidden part instead of being automounted on the desktop (we used to hide it in the past)

 15:12:09 <ogra_> * make a decision if we want to show the source device in the partitioner on pandas (bug 1042930)

 15:12:10 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1042930 in ubiquity (Ubuntu) "partition size error during install of Quantal on Panda board" [Undecided,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1042930

 15:12:11 <ogra_> * inspect the framebuffer and keyboard issues with d-i on server images

 15:12:13 <ogra_> * prepare and hold a "panda install howto" Google OnAir session

 15:12:15 <ogra_> * update arm installation wikipages

 15:12:17 <ogra_> ..

 15:12:34 <stgraber> - Was at Linux Plumbers last week (Tuesday -> Friday)

 15:12:34 <stgraber> - Monday was a public holiday (labour day)

 15:12:34 <stgraber> - Changed machine (Lenovo X230) and moved to 12.10 (only very annoying issue is bug 1021471)

 15:12:36 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1021471 in linux (Ubuntu) "clone() hang when creating new network namespace (dmesg show unregister_netdevice: waiting for lo to become free. Usage count = 2)" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1021471

 15:12:38 <stgraber> - Container

 15:12:40 <stgraber> - Pushed all the Ubuntu delta in a git branch for merging upstream (100 commits)

 15:12:43 <stgraber> - Started looking at getting the rest of our custom scripts and changes upstream too

 15:12:46 <stgraber> - Release

 15:12:49 <stgraber> - Started testing/fixing Edubuntu for 12.10 beta 1

 15:12:51 <stgraber> - Updated post-image-to-tracker in ubuntu-archive-tools to support adding a note to builds

 15:12:54 <stgraber> - Updated post-qa on cdimage to add a warning in the note field of oversized builds

 15:12:57 <stgraber> - TODO

 15:13:00 <stgraber> - 12.10 beta 1 release

 15:13:02 <stgraber> - Some more LXC work based on notes from Plumbers

 15:13:05 <stgraber> - Some ISO tracker work

 15:13:07 <stgraber> (DONE)

 15:15:14 <slangasek> ogra_: +1 for hiding the boot partition from the desktop on Panda

 15:15:25 <ogra_> k

 15:15:39 <slangasek> stgraber: btw, can you send a trip report to the list about Plumbers?

 15:15:41 <ogra_> need to see if we have dosfstools available to set a label

 15:15:59 <ogra_> (else i need to pull it into flash-kernel-installer)

 15:16:15 <slangasek> * short week due to labor day

 15:16:15 <slangasek> * not nearly as much progress on XDG_RUNTIME_DIR as intended; mountall support is in the queue, but the new PAM module is not uploaded yet

 15:16:18 <slangasek> * making some progress on multiarch SRU reviews: libart-lgpl accepted, libgnome being reviewed

 15:16:21 <slangasek> * reviewing upstart stateful re-exec branch, helping polish for upstream merge

 15:16:24 <slangasek> * working on getting Red Hat shim packaged, for our first-stage non-GPL SB bootloader

 15:16:27 <slangasek> * Panda board Google OnAir session, tomorrow at 1400 UTC

 15:16:30 <slangasek> * management sprint in Portland next week, Tue-Thu; expect me to be scarce

 15:16:32 <slangasek> (done)

 15:16:41 <slangasek> ogra_: hmm, how is the partition being created?  parted/partman should certainly be able to set a label

 15:16:50 <stgraber> slangasek: yep, meant to reply to Seth's e-mail to cover the sessions that Stefan and he didn't cover already. Will do that later today

 15:16:56 <slangasek> stgraber: ta

 15:16:58 <xnox> ogra_: wasn't there a magic hidden file you can touch to make $desktop not mount/show that partition

 15:17:10 <barry> short week due to labor day.  gwibber, gwibber, and more gwibber.  blueprints:

 15:17:15 <barry> foundations-q-python-version - all uncompleted work is postponed

 15:17:18 <barry> foundations-q-udd - unmilestoned

 15:17:22 <barry> foundations-q-python33 - nothing needed changing

 15:17:27 <barry> started working on updating python3 spreadsheet and evaluating work to be done for r-cycle

 15:17:29 <barry> done.

 15:17:49 <cjwatson> partman-basicfilesystems doesn't appear to be hooked up to set labels on FAT right now

 15:17:54 <ogra_> slangasek, i want it to be visible until flash-kernel-installer is run and then hide it on the actual installed system ... we used to do that by setting the label to SERVICE001 or some such (have tto check udisk rules for hidden names)

 15:17:59 <cjwatson> It probably wouldn't be that hard to hack into commit.d/format_basicfilesystems

 15:18:22 <slangasek> ogra_: I don't see any reason to make it visible even in the beginning

 15:18:24 <stokachu> * need to verify a couple sru's

 15:18:25 <ogra_> xnox, only on a per user base

 15:18:35 <xnox> ok.

 15:18:41 <ogra_> slangasek, so the user can edit the bootargs after writing the SD

 15:18:47 <slangasek> it's an internal detail of the system, I don't think users should be playing with it from the desktop

 15:19:03 <stokachu> * customer reported bugs are taking priority this week, starting to see an increase which could mean more customers or more bugs :\

 15:19:05 <stokachu> done

 15:19:06 <slangasek> ogra_: don't they have a place to do this under /etc/default now?

 15:19:17 <ogra_> after install we want that tro be done through flash-kernel and not directly ... before the user should eb able to edit the txt file to i.e. add a serial console entry

 15:19:29 <ogra_> oh, i havent heard of that

 15:19:31 <cjwatson> Short week; got back from holiday on Monday.

 15:19:31 <cjwatson> Cleaned up a good fraction of the outstanding ~ubuntu-archive bugs.

 15:19:31 <cjwatson> Pushed the libglew1.8 and libtiff5 transitions some of the way up the hill, prompted by various bits of NBS.

 15:19:34 <cjwatson> Fixed what I believe was the last major regression from the live-build apocalypse, namely a failure of livecd-rootfs to put iso-hybrid images in the right place.

 15:19:37 <cjwatson> Fixed a regression in my python-debian Python 3 port (Debian bug 686731).

 15:19:39 <ubottu> Debian bug 686731 in python-debian "edos-builddebcheck: Stopped working" [Serious,Fixed] http://bugs.debian.org/686731

 15:19:40 <cjwatson> Working on packaging GRUB 2.00, initially for Debian experimental but with the intention of requesting a feature freeze exception for 12.10.  Good news: it builds.  Bad news: no idea whether it works.

 15:19:44 <cjwatson> Various bits of assistance with 12.10 beta-1 preparation, e.g. bug 987418.  Frustrated at abject slowness of current desktop in kvm; makes it very difficult to work on installer bugs.

 15:19:46 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 987418 in ubiquity (Ubuntu Precise) "manual partitioner: /dev/sdb (installation media) selected by default as device for boot loader installation" [High,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/987418

 15:19:48 <ogra_> i know that certain labels get ignored on a udev level though

 15:19:48 <cjwatson> Pushed a Launchpad branch which moves bug closure when accepting packages into an asynchronous job, eliminating timeouts.  There's a bit more work to do on this before it lands.

 15:19:52 <cjwatson> ..

 15:19:57 <slangasek> ogra_: heard of that> I thought you implemented it! :)

 15:20:11 <slangasek> (or were going to implement it)

 15:20:17 <ogra_> slangasek, /etc/default for hiding partitions from udsisk ?

 15:20:25 <slangasek> no, for letting users edit their boot arguments

 15:20:27 <ogra_> surely not :)

 15:20:51 <ogra_> slangasek, *before* installing the first partitioon of the SD needs to be visible for this

 15:21:00 <xnox> cjwatson: i'd love to try grub 2.00 to unlock luks =) would make the world better

 15:21:10 <ogra_> after installing (once it turned into a "boot rom" we want to hide it

 15:21:21 <slangasek> ogra_: I don't agree, I think this is a bad interface

 15:21:23 <cjwatson> Surely boot arguments should be done by preseeding the installer or something, not by expecting users to poke around manually

 15:21:31 <slangasek> what cjwatson said

 15:21:37 <xnox> well you can't =)

 15:21:59 <ogra_> hmm, k, that will require a ton of code to teach d-i about applying preseed options to u-boot setups then

 15:22:02 <xnox> becuase the most common change is boot into serial console or the screen. If you don't have one or the other, there is no way to change it on the panda

 15:22:06 <cjwatson> xnox: LUKS is indeed among the important features it brings

 15:22:18 <cjwatson> ogra_: But it would parallel what's done for GRUB, rather than being completely different

 15:22:19 <xnox> s/screen/graphical display/

 15:22:24 <stokachu> if i was a panda, what name would i be

 15:22:31 <slangasek> ogra_: this may not be high enough priority to get it all fixed this cycle, but I think you should be working towards a correct design rather than spending cycles on making the partition visible in the beginning and hidden later

 15:22:32 <ogra_> cjwatson, but it wont help :)

 15:23:01 <ogra_> how would i add preseed args ?

 15:23:28 <ogra_> either by ediuting the preseed.cfg on the actual installer partition ... or by changing bootargs, no ?

 15:23:54 <ogra_> i'm talking about the image before any installer runs or anything

 15:24:20 <slangasek> are you talking about how users would edit the boot partition when the SD card is inserted into a different machine than the install target?

 15:24:26 <ogra_> i.e. if i want to turn a normal d-i install into a serial one ... i need to set console= ...

 15:25:04 <ogra_> i'm talking about dd'ing the image to an SD, then re-plugging the SD and editing the txt file that holds the bootarg line to change something

 15:25:09 <xnox> slangasek: download .img from ubuntu.com; write it into sd card; re-instert sd card -> change bootargs to serial; put sd-card into panda, hook up serial => install.

 15:25:16 <xnox> this is how I installed it.

 15:25:16 <ogra_> so i can add preseed options etc

 15:25:26 <ogra_> right

 15:25:45 <xnox> after the install the sd-card became a boot floppy and no longer can serve the purpose of installing anything.

 15:25:48 <ogra_> the only prob here is that the partition is still visible *after* installation (and gets atuomounted)

 15:25:57 <slangasek> xnox: well, I know how to install a panda, but it didn't occur to me that someone doing this would care about the default visibility of the boot partition on their x86 desktop :)

 15:25:58 <xnox> so it's /boot shouldn't show up.

 15:26:05 <ogra_> i would only liuke to fix the "after install" part

 15:26:31 <ogra_> xnox, well, its no /boot thats the point

 15:26:31 <cjwatson> If there's no way to edit installer boot arguments, I'd speculate that new UI in the installer would be better than expecting people to do it by hand

 15:26:32 <slangasek> ok, so that makes more sense - sorry for misunderstanding

 15:26:39 <ogra_> ist the equivalent of a BIOS on SD

 15:26:51 <slangasek> cjwatson: I think this is about setting boot arguments /for booting the installer/

 15:26:52 <xnox> slangasek: the point is that on the x86 desktop the "internal" partitions don't show up already.

 15:26:59 <slangasek> anyway, let's move on

 15:27:05 <cjwatson> Ah

 15:27:07 <slangasek> #topic Bugs

 15:27:09 <ogra_> yeah

 15:27:14 <ogra_> slangasek has it :)

 15:27:18 <stokachu> multi-arch SRUS!

 15:27:21 <stokachu> thats all im gonna say

 15:27:31 <slangasek> ogra_: right - sorry for misunderstanding initially

 15:27:35 <slangasek> stokachu: working on it!

 15:27:44 <stokachu> slangasek: lol thank you :D

 15:27:47 <ogra_> well, i probably explained it not good enough :)

 15:28:05 <ogra_> (since everyone misunderstood)

 15:28:58 <stokachu> slangasek: i did get your update to libart for precise, ill need to verify that this week

 15:29:11 <bdmurray> a new one that came in recently is bug 1045579

 15:29:12 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1045579 in software-properties (Ubuntu Quantal) "software-properties-gtk makes a change resulting in a conf file prompt on upgrade that's unnecessary" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1045579

 15:29:43 <bdmurray> I'm happy to work on it, I'm just not positive of the best way of fixing this.

 15:32:29 <slangasek> bdmurray: the issue seems to be that the editor isn't using the right case for the option name, leading to a conffile prompt, yes?

 15:32:55 <bdmurray> slangasek: correct it writes it as prompt instead of Prompt

 15:33:53 <slangasek> bdmurray: so a) fix software-properties to set the option correctly, b) add a Breaks: from ubuntu-release-upgrader-core to older versions of software-properties that don't include this fix, c) include a one-time fix-up in the preinst of ubuntu-release-upgrader-core that fixes the case of any entry in the file on disk

 15:34:36 <bdmurray> slangasek: got it thanks

 15:34:55 <slangasek> bdmurray: how are we doing on our rls-q-tracking bugs?

 15:35:15 <bdmurray> bug 1045588 was tagged rls-q-incoming and I think the tag should just be removed as this has always been the case afaik

 15:35:16 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1045588 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu) "release upgrader asks to remove the last known working kernel" [Medium,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1045588

 15:36:07 <slangasek> really?  I didn't think any kernels were getting auto-removed

 15:36:35 <bdmurray> I believe that during a dist-upgrade the kernel from the old distribution will be in the removal list

 15:36:39 <slangasek> marked rls-q-notfixing

 15:36:56 <bdmurray> and that is what micah is referring to

 15:37:08 <slangasek> however, it is a bug, and ties in to infinity's spec regarding proper kernel autoremoval, so assigning to him

 15:37:11 <slangasek> (for "later")

 15:38:18 <bdmurray> we have quite a few bugs in the rls-q-tracking list

 15:38:35 <bdmurray> one bug 1017001 is critical and I wonder if it still should be

 15:38:37 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1017001 in apt (Ubuntu Quantal) "package resolvconf 1.63ubuntu14 failed to install/upgrade: ErrorMessage: pre-dependency problem - not installing resolvconf" [Critical,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1017001

 15:38:58 <slangasek> we can probably drop it to high

 15:39:13 <slangasek> it was 'critical' as a flag that it might make 12.04.1 blow up, and it didn't

 15:39:37 <bdmurray> we have a test case though and are in a position to fix it. correct?

 15:39:54 <slangasek> we don't have a reduced test case

 15:40:51 <slangasek> anyway, it's still assigned to infinity (for precise), he should be working on it when his kidneys recover from Plumbers

 15:43:01 <slangasek> stgraber, ogra_, xnox: you all have high-importance bugs on that list; are they on your radar?

 15:43:07 <slangasek> #link http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-q-tracking-bug-tasks.html

 15:43:09 <ogra_> yes

 15:43:18 <slangasek> [LINK] http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-q-tracking-bug-tasks.html

 15:43:21 <slangasek> hmph

 15:43:53 <slangasek> bug #946406 #1027648 #1037757 #154086 #984276 #1015567 #974284

 15:43:55 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 946406 in casper (Ubuntu Quantal) "suspect race condition Keyboard layout, oem-config not set on persistent USB image" [High,Incomplete] https://launchpad.net/bugs/946406

 15:44:07 <slangasek> bug #1027648 bug #1037757 bug #154086 bug #984276 bug #1015567 bug #974284

 15:44:12 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1027648 in ubiquity (Ubuntu Quantal) "ubiquity crashed with ValueError in command(): I/O operation on closed file." [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1027648

 15:44:13 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1037757 in flash-kernel (Ubuntu Quantal) "flash-kernel-installer is not creating an initial preEnv.txt during installation" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1037757

 15:44:14 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 154086 in partman-auto-lvm (Ubuntu Quantal) "Installing to HDD with previous ubuntu fails to create fresh LVM claiming group already in use" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/154086

 15:44:16 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 984276 in casper (Ubuntu Quantal) "installing casper on a non live system causes update-initramfs to fail" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/984276

 15:44:18 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1015567 in dpkg (Ubuntu Quantal) "upgrade failed: mixed non-coinstallable and coinstallable package instances present" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1015567

 15:45:34 <xnox> yes. working more at ubiquity/partman. the dpkg one I was meant to look at together with infinity, but that slipped.

 15:45:46 <slangasek> ok

 15:45:55 * ogra_ just closed 1037757

 15:46:11 <ogra_> missed to close it from changelog

 15:46:13 <slangasek> ogra_: ah, hurray :)

 15:46:27 <slangasek> stgraber: how about your bugs from that list? :)

 15:46:36 <slangasek> 946406, 974284

 15:47:30 <stgraber> slangasek: I just got rid of one of them and dhclient is on my todo

 15:47:42 <cjwatson> shall I take that coreutils sort -u bug?  it appears to have upstream patches

 15:47:57 <slangasek> stgraber: got rid of by fixing, or by unassigning yourself? ;)

 15:48:03 <stgraber> slangasek: the race condition is well, a race condition... need to spend some more time on it...

 15:48:17 <stgraber> slangasek: I had an ubiquity-slideshow-ubuntu bug on that list which got fixed but not closed

 15:48:44 <slangasek> stgraber: ah, ok

 15:49:18 <slangasek> cjwatson: please

 15:49:44 <cjwatson> slangasek: can I do your TIL merge at the same time? :)

 15:49:51 <slangasek> cjwatson: feel free :)

 15:50:02 <cjwatson> seeing as you did the NMU I suspect our delta is about to shrink

 15:50:34 * cjwatson wonders why avahi is on the foundations list

 15:50:36 <slangasek> did I?  I guess it should be down to just the gettext:any build-dep now

 15:50:42 <slangasek> because $reason

 15:51:07 <slangasek> avahi is the networky bits as much as anything

 15:51:20 <ogra_> you can use it without desktop :)

 15:51:25 <cjwatson> I guess

 15:53:19 <slangasek> bug #433897 has a proposed fix

 15:53:21 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 433897 in console-setup (Ubuntu Quantal) "at boot, the font is not set by the upstart job" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/433897

 15:53:43 <slangasek> bdmurray: would it make sense / be much trouble to highlight linked branches on the rls-q-tracking report?

 15:54:51 <cjwatson> 433897> I'm very wary, will need to think about it

 15:55:07 <cjwatson> I do know there's a problem but the races here are insanely delicate

 15:55:10 <slangasek> cjwatson: ack

 15:55:15 <slangasek> not suggesting a blind upload :)

 15:55:31 <slangasek> do you want me to assign that one to you?

 15:55:36 <cjwatson> And I don't think I buy the initramfs-tools proposal

 15:55:37 <cjwatson> Yeah

 15:55:42 <bdmurray> slangasek: I think it, and patches, makes sense.  If we don't check the branch package it should be easy.

 15:55:47 <slangasek> oh, also, should it even be on our list?  this seems to have bypassed the nomination process by virtue of a community member targeting it to quantal

 15:56:12 <cjwatson> 433897 you mean?  we ought to fix it really, it's foundations-induced damage and it annoys a lot of people

 15:56:22 <cjwatson> even if it bypassed the process

 15:56:38 <slangasek> bdmurray: if it's easy to do, I think that'd be great to have

 15:56:53 <bdmurray> slangasek: bryce targetted it I believe

 15:56:58 <slangasek> cjwatson: I agree, just wanted to make sure we explicitly evaluated

 15:57:32 <slangasek> bdmurray: ah, then we shall harrass him about not following the process :)

 15:58:33 <slangasek> I think that's probably as much time as it's useful to spend on that list for today, then

 15:58:48 <bdmurray> next week we should visit the team assigned ones then

 15:59:03 <slangasek> bdmurray: unless there are any in particular that you think have stagnated and warrant a call-out right now?

 15:59:27 <slangasek> bdmurray: right, I'm actually going through and un-assigning the team from these so they'll all show as unassigned instead of being a mix

 16:00:35 <bdmurray> slangasek: nothing to call-out

 16:00:39 <slangasek> (so we can review the whole set of unassigned ones, in that case)

 16:00:43 <slangasek> bdmurray: ok, cool - thanks

 16:00:46 <slangasek> #topic AOB

 16:00:48 <slangasek> anything else?

 16:02:07 <slangasek> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)