#title #ubuntu-meeting Meeting

Meeting started by slangasek at 15:04:14 UTC.  The full logs are
available at
http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2012/ubuntu-meeting.2012-03-14-15.04.log.html
.



== Meeting summary ==

 *lightning round
''LINK:'' https://rt.admin.canonical.com/Ticket/Display.html?id=51115 is for the software upgrade  (cjwatson, 15:25:33)

 *installer vsprint

 *bugs

 *AOB



Meeting ended at 16:07:48 UTC.



== Votes ==




== Action items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * cjwatson (71)
 * slangasek (64)
 * ev (58)
 * infinity (48)
 * stgraber (34)
 * ubottu (34)
 * ogra_ (27)
 * bdmurray (21)
 * jodh (16)
 * doko (16)
 * meetingology (3)



== Full Log ==


 15:04:14 <slangasek> #startmeeting

 15:04:14 <meetingology> Meeting started Wed Mar 14 15:04:14 2012 UTC.  The chair is slangasek. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 15:04:14 <meetingology> 

 15:04:14 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 15:04:46 <slangasek> [TOPIC] lightning round

 15:04:48 <slangasek> $ echo $(shuf -e barry doko stgraber jodh ev bdmurray slangasek ogra infinity cjwatson)

 15:04:51 <slangasek> cjwatson ev stgraber barry ogra jodh doko slangasek infinity bdmurray

 15:06:02 <cjwatson> Release meeting:

 15:06:02 <cjwatson> - Do a better job of writing hybrid MBRs on Intel Macs (bug 856826).

 15:06:02 <cjwatson> - Reuse existing swap partitions and EFI System Partitions rather than creating new ones (bug 311299).

 15:06:05 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 856826 in parted (Ubuntu Precise) "'guided resize' partioning leaves Mac unbootable" [High,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/856826

 15:06:06 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 311299 in partman-auto (Ubuntu) "automatic partitioning does not reuse existing swap / boot partitions" [Wishlist,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/311299

 15:06:06 <cjwatson> - Arrange for Ubuntu Studio images to reconfigure jackd on boot (bug 923810).

 15:06:07 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 923810 in casper (Ubuntu) "preseeding passwd/user-default-groups is ineffective" [Medium,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/923810

 15:06:09 <cjwatson> - Work on several EFI partitioning bugs (bug 769669, bug 811485).

 15:06:11 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 769669 in partman-efi (Ubuntu) "Installer should not format an existing EFI System Partition" [High,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/769669

 15:06:12 <cjwatson> Other:

 15:06:12 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 811485 in partman-efi (Ubuntu) "EFI SYSTEM PARTITION should be atleast 100 MiB size and formatted as FAT32, not FAT16" [High,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/811485

 15:06:14 <cjwatson> - Planning for installer sprint.

 15:06:17 <cjwatson> - Some work on setting interview problems.

 15:06:19 <cjwatson> - Various installer translation updates.

 15:06:22 <cjwatson> - Multiarch fixes for pciutils (bug 948205) and libidl (bug 931388).

 15:06:24 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 948205 in pciutils (Debian) " './usr/include/pci/config.h' is different from the same file on the system" [Unknown,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/948205

 15:06:24 <cjwatson> - Improve debootstrap's handling of corrupted downloads (bug 954197).

 15:06:25 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 931388 in wine1.4 (Ubuntu Precise) "overenthusiastic adoption of "Depends: cpp:any" syntax" [High,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/931388

 15:06:26 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 954197 in base-installer (Ubuntu) "base system installation is not robust against transient network failures" [Medium,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/954197

 15:06:27 <cjwatson> - Upgrade fixes for desktopcouch (bug 864328, bug 900570).

 15:06:28 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 864328 in desktopcouch (Ubuntu) "package python-desktopcouch-records 1.0.7-0ubuntu2 failed to install/upgrade: trying to overwrite '/usr/share/pyshared/desktopcouch/__init__.py', which is also in package python-desktopcouch 0.6.4-0ubuntu3.2" [Undecided,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/864328

 15:06:29 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 900570 in desktopcouch (Ubuntu) "undeclared package conflict between python-desktopcouch-application (in precise) and python-desktopcouch (in lucid)" [Undecided,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/900570

 15:06:30 <cjwatson> - Currently trying to get my head around some more Mac partitioning bugs: bug 855871 and bug 856763.  Brain hurts, send cake.

 15:06:31 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 855871 in ubiquity (Ubuntu Oneiric) "Grub install fails after manual xfs partitioning" [Medium,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/855871

 15:06:32 <cjwatson> ..

 15:06:33 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 856763 in parted (Ubuntu Precise) "Mac cannot boot after manual partitioning, unless using ext4" [Medium,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/856763

 15:06:55 <ev> - Ported the daisy code from Pika to amqplib, as that's what all other

 15:06:56 <ev> Canonical services are using.

 15:06:57 <ev> - Build out a configuration for retracing machines.

 15:06:58 <ev> - Bug fixes in the WSGI applications (crash and core file acceptance).

 15:06:59 <ev> - Packaging oops-repository, python-pycassa, and python-thrift for IS (RT 48667)

 15:07:02 <ev> - Refactored whoopsie and broke out some separate utility code, adding tests

 15:07:03 <ev> for all of it along the way.  This was in support of fixing how we determine

 15:07:04 <ev> whether or not to submit a crash. Previously, we were only sending them on

 15:07:06 <ev> the first instance. We now send it every time that crash occurs.

 15:07:06 <ev> - Did research and performance measurements around counting the contents of

 15:07:07 <ev> crash buckets in Cassandra.

 15:07:09 <ev> - Finished initial bucketing code. There may be room for improvement around

 15:07:10 <ev> how we're counting and recording bucket sizes, but some real idea from the

 15:07:11 <ev> deployment will give me a much better indication.

 15:07:12 <ev> - Built a test harness around the WSGI applications (crash and core file

 15:07:14 <ev> acceptance). Already quite a few serious fixes from this. Yay.

 15:07:15 <ev> - Started moving Cassandra-facing functionality into oops-repository, per my

 15:07:17 <ev> discussion with Robert last week where he made the suggestion to use it

 15:07:18 <ev> alone as the layer over the database.

 15:07:19 <ev> - Meeting with Amanda to discuss keeping her in the loop with respect to

 15:07:21 <ev> changes to ubuntu-restricted-*

 15:07:21 <ev> (done)

 15:08:03 <stgraber> Bugs, bugs, bugs...

 15:08:03 <stgraber> - Networking

 15:08:03 <stgraber> - RELEASE: Uploaded new isc-dhcp, converting to upstart and creating separate IPv4 and IPv6 jobs

 15:08:06 <stgraber> - Investigated bug 919068 (bridge_ports all not working at boot time)

 15:08:07 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 919068 in bridge-utils (Ubuntu) "bridge_ports all doesn't work at boot time" [Medium,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/919068

 15:08:08 <stgraber> - Installer

 15:08:11 <stgraber> - RELEASE (generic): Bugfix work on ubiquity, casper and wubi

 15:08:13 <stgraber> - Went through wubi merge proposals, merged a lot of bugfixes from bcbc

 15:08:16 <stgraber> - Started going through the wubi bugs too

 15:08:18 <stgraber> - Spent some time implementing bluetooth support in the installer

 15:08:21 <stgraber> - Fixed the keyboard indicator

 15:08:23 <stgraber> - Fixed a few bugs in casper related to persistent usb stick

 15:08:26 <stgraber> - Various other ubiquity fixes and a few improvements to tests

 15:08:28 <stgraber> - Containers

 15:08:31 <stgraber> - Worked/debugged apparmor and LXC with the security team, hoping to have an updated lxc today

 15:08:34 <stgraber> - TPM

 15:08:37 <stgraber> - Started digging into opencryptoki, fixed bug 926305

 15:08:38 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 926305 in opencryptoki (Ubuntu) "fails to load modules for pkcs11 backends" [Undecided,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/926305

 15:08:39 <stgraber> - Other

 15:08:42 <stgraber> - RELEASE: Merged James' friendly-recovery branch adding support for LVM and APT status to the system-summary screen

 15:08:45 <stgraber> - Had to deal with a security issue found in LTSP, fixing upstream and in Ubuntu + CVE and other paperwork

 15:08:48 <stgraber> - Patch pilot on Monday

 15:08:51 <stgraber> - TODO this week

 15:08:53 <stgraber> - Work on some ubiquity debugging wiki pages

 15:08:55 <stgraber> - Continue working on bugs

 15:08:58 <stgraber> (DONE)

 15:09:58 <doko> heh, barry doesn't seem to be awake

 15:10:47 <doko> ogra: ^^^

 15:10:59 <ogra_> done:

 15:11:00 <ogra_> * not gotten to oem-config issues, will do so next week

 15:11:00 <ogra_> * trying to stopwatchg the initrd made me struggle on bug 936667 (--no-log helps)

 15:11:00 <ogra_> * did some more weeding through ubuntu-arm buglist (starts to look more sane)

 15:11:00 <ogra_> * missed my piloting on monday, will try to do before teh weekend

 15:11:00 <ogra_> * worked on Bug 948163 (fix in local branch, pending a push)

 15:11:01 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 936667 in upstart (Ubuntu) "Upstart early job logging causes boot failure for systems with no initramfs (error is "No available ptys")" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/936667

 15:11:02 <ogra_> * lots of community support issues (helped RTC issues with arm devices)

 15:11:03 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 948163 in casper (Ubuntu) "System suspends upon closing the lid while installing/partitioning using a live CD" [Wishlist,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/948163

 15:11:04 <ogra_> * looked into a few ac100 installer bugs

 15:11:06 <ogra_> * booked my flight to UDS

 15:11:08 <ogra_> tod:

 15:11:10 <ogra_> * oem-config (this week for sure)

 15:11:12 <ogra_> * finish initrd timing

 15:11:14 <ogra_> * lookj into fsck delay on boot issue

 15:11:19 <ogra_> done

 15:11:32 <jodh> Off sick Monday. Been hit by bug 751689 this week which has hampered

 15:11:32 <jodh> efforts somewhat until I realized what was happening. Investigated

 15:11:32 <jodh> bug 940396. Initially thought it might be multi-arch related, but

 15:11:32 <jodh> seemingly its a subtle dependency bug: mvo has now recreated and

 15:11:34 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 751689 in linux (Ubuntu Maverick) "ThinkPads overheat due to slow fans when on 'auto'" [Critical,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/751689

 15:11:35 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 940396 in apt (Ubuntu Precise) "lucid -> precise main all failed to upgrade: dpkg: dependency problems prevent configuration of kde-runtime" [Critical,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/940396

 15:11:36 <jodh> identified fixes. Worked on bug 508083 (currently testing). Writing some

 15:11:37 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 508083 in eglibc (Ubuntu) "cron crashed with SIGSEGV in __pthread_initialize_minimal_internal()" [Medium,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/508083

 15:11:39 <jodh> new tests for Upstart as a precursor to syncing branches and updating

 15:11:42 <jodh> Ubuntu package.

 15:11:45 <jodh> â›€

 15:11:49 <jodh> 

 15:11:59 <doko> - PyCon week, report hopefully later ...

 15:11:59 <doko> - GCC-4.7 release candidates

 15:11:59 <doko> - GCC-4.4.7 release

 15:11:59 <doko> - eglibc ARM getcontext/setcontext patch

 15:11:59 <doko> - libgo fix for ARM

 15:12:00 <doko> - gdb Linaro update

 15:12:01 <doko> - went through the list of MIR's (three pending)

 15:12:03 <doko> - update python2.7 and 3.2 to the release candidates

 15:12:06 <doko> - package python3.3.0 alpha1 (doko/toolchain PPA)

 15:12:10 <doko> - PyCon sprint work: namespace peps, python core cross compilation

 15:12:12 <doko> (done)

 15:12:42 <cjwatson> ogra_: hm, jodh was working on 936667 as well - missing coordination?

 15:13:14 <cjwatson> ogra_: oh, sorry, never mind that, I was confused by the interleaving of your comments and ubottu's - ignore me

 15:13:24 <ogra_> cjwatson, i wasnt working on it, i was affected by it with my other stuff :)

 15:13:47 <ogra_> but the --no-log option seems to help so i can move forward now

 15:14:24 <ogra_> (only saw the original bug # today adn got some help from that)

 15:14:41 <infinity> slangasek: *nudge*

 15:14:57 <slangasek> still reading, gimme a second ;)

 15:15:05 <jodh> ogra_: just ping me if you see any other init oddities ;)

 15:15:36 <ogra_> jodh, i only see serial consoles that dont start by default *g*

 15:16:01 <infinity> jodh: I have this weird issue where, a couple of years ago, my sysvinit was replaced.  Does that count?

 15:16:09 <jodh> infinity: :)

 15:17:27 <slangasek> * RELEASE: transition soprano off of iodbc (bug #901638)

 15:17:27 <slangasek> * acpi-support upload to support a couple more events not handled elsewhere in the system (bug #931614, #953296)

 15:17:28 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 901638 in soprano (Debian) "Remove iodbc2 (causes upgrade failure from Oneiric to Precise)" [Unknown,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/901638

 15:17:30 <slangasek> * add back a few dependencies to ia32-libs for compatibility (bug #946381, #953404)

 15:17:31 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 931614 in acpi-support (Ubuntu) "ASUS backlit keys buttons don't work" [Medium,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/931614

 15:17:32 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 953296 in acpi-support (Ubuntu) "Elantech touchpad cannot be toggled" [Medium,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/953296

 15:17:33 <slangasek> * fix a multiarch issue with libvisual-plugins that was causing weird behavior on upgrade (bug #947639)

 15:17:34 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 946381 in ia32-libs (Ubuntu) "Should install libxtst6:i386" [Medium,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/946381

 15:17:36 <slangasek> * fix a regression in python2.7, bdb support dropped in the latest merged (bug #440889)

 15:17:39 <slangasek> * SRU nis to lucid, fixing longstanding issues resulting from it not being converted to upstart

 15:17:42 <slangasek> * planning for installer sprint

 15:17:42 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 953404 in ia32-libs (Ubuntu) "ia32-libs in precise is missing libgconf-2-4:i386" [Undecided,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/953404

 15:17:44 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 947639 in apt (Ubuntu) "package libgudev-1.0-0 1:175-0ubuntu5 failed to install/upgrade: libgudev-1.0-0:amd64 1" [High,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/947639

 15:17:45 <slangasek> * partner archive work

 15:17:47 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 440889 in python2.7 (Ubuntu Precise) "software-center crashed with ImportError in /usr/lib/python2.7/bsddb/__init__.py: No module named _bsddb" [Critical,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/440889

 15:18:32 <slangasek> (done)

 15:18:45 * doko thanks for the bdb fix ...

 15:18:52 <jodh> ogra_: well, technically I provided review feedback on that feature and it hasn't yet been acted on. I'll try to look at it but it's not on my priority list right now. Maybe SpamapS has some spare cycles?

 15:19:13 <slangasek> doko: sure

 15:19:18 <infinity> Done this week:

 15:19:18 <infinity> - Fixed armhf FTBFS of qtwebkit-source

 15:19:18 <infinity> - Worked on packaging new vmware-view-client

 15:19:18 <infinity> - Worked on cdimage bugs

 15:19:18 <infinity> - Patch piloted on Friday, including sponsoring a bunch of multi-arch build-dep chain fixes for cross-bootstrapping

 15:19:21 <infinity> - Started looking into grub upgrade bug (bug 759545)

 15:19:22 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 759545 in grub2 (Ubuntu Precise) "user prompted to update unmodified grub configuration during Ubuntu server upgrade" [Medium,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/759545

 15:19:23 <infinity> - Started working on bug 876626

 15:19:25 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 876626 in upstart (Ubuntu Precise) "Unlocking the second crypto disk (/home) echos password on console" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/876626

 15:19:26 <infinity> - Reviewed armadaxp kernel mess for license sanity (3.2 should go in today)

 15:19:29 <infinity> - Review flash-kernel changes for calxeda support (sponsoring today)

 15:19:29 <ogra_> jodh, well, i thought the .conf file we had was fine, isnt it just a matter of including it in the package ?

 15:19:32 <infinity> - Generic archive admin and other random bits

 15:19:34 <infinity> - Discussions with IS and webops about shuffling ARM buildds, upgrading some (or all) distro buildds to precise, and other fun projects

 15:19:37 <infinity> - Discovered I need to keep better track of what I've done, so these cut and paste reports are a bit more useful

 15:19:40 <infinity> - PS: &*^!$@ daylight savings

 15:19:43 <infinity> (done)

 15:19:54 <ogra_> infinity, move to russia !

 15:20:06 <doko> infinity, does the discussion include non ARM buildds as well?

 15:20:18 <infinity> doko: The upgrading discussion?  Yes.

 15:20:19 <jodh> ogra_: https://code.launchpad.net/~clint-fewbar/ubuntu/natty/upstart/add-serial-console/+merge/46191/comments/104693

 15:20:23 <slangasek> infinity: do you know if anyone has a master list of outstanding issues preventing cross-bootstrapping?

 15:20:44 <infinity> slangasek: wookey does, but I don't have the URL off the top of my drowsy head.

 15:20:53 <infinity> slangasek: Poke him, or poke me after caffeine. ;)

 15:20:57 <slangasek> ok

 15:21:00 <bdmurray> bug triage

 15:21:00 <bdmurray> research into bug 945826 regarding sources.list on a live cd

 15:21:01 <bdmurray> updated dash bug reporting guidelines to mention unity

 15:21:01 <bdmurray> updated screenshots on h.u.c/community/BugReportingGuidelines

 15:21:02 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 945826 in apt (Ubuntu) "12.04 AMD64 Beta Live CD sources.list has a bad entry" [Medium,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/945826

 15:21:11 <bdmurray> added in 'ubuntu-bug -w' at h.u.c/community/BugReportingGuidelines

 15:21:11 <bdmurray> recorded a how to confirm a bug screencast and uploaded to ubuntucontributers youtube channel

 15:21:14 <bdmurray> investigation into to no package bug reports (getting autoconfirmed)

 15:21:16 <bdmurray> uploaded new version of firefox-lp-improvements after fixing karma_suffix

 15:21:17 <ogra_> jodh, oh, i didnt see that

 15:21:21 <bdmurray> created hottest bugs charts for package sets

 15:21:21 <bdmurray> modified hottest and recent package bug charts to have a date updated in them

 15:21:24 <bdmurray> made links bold if there is a spike in this week's bug reporting volume compared to last week in recent package bug tasks

 15:21:27 <bdmurray> created a team assigned bug report using cbd / arsenal

 15:21:31 <bdmurray> bug control application review for Vadim Rutkovsky

 15:21:36 <bdmurray> * done *

 15:21:44 <slangasek> cjwatson: does 945826 ring any bells with you?

 15:22:31 <bdmurray> I'm not sure apt-cdrom knows about gz files

 15:22:45 <cjwatson> it's not the first time this has broken, I think, but it *definitely* used to work

 15:23:26 <cjwatson> e.g. it's faintly reminiscent of bug 924182

 15:23:27 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 924182 in apt (Ubuntu Precise) "d-i images (server, alternate) failed to install: no kernels found" [Critical,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/924182

 15:24:13 <cjwatson> let me just see if I can reproduce 945826 ...

 15:24:42 * slangasek nods

 15:25:05 <cjwatson> doko: https://rt.admin.canonical.com/Ticket/Display.html?id=50414

 15:25:21 <cjwatson> depending on what you mean by upgrading I guess :)

 15:25:33 <cjwatson> https://rt.admin.canonical.com/Ticket/Display.html?id=51115 is for the software upgrade

 15:25:34 <slangasek> [TOPIC] installer vsprint

 15:25:55 <slangasek> installer virtual sprint next week

 15:26:05 <slangasek> (hmm, should that be 'virtual sprint, foundations' --> vsprintf?)

 15:26:20 * cjwatson awards slangasek one-third of a point

 15:26:51 * infinity groans.

 15:26:53 <cjwatson> have people looked at the first-line bug lists I suggested?  do we think it should be broadened a bit?

 15:26:54 <slangasek> please be sure to read through the wiki page that's been sent around with information on prep work to do ahead of time

 15:26:59 <slangasek> cjwatson: :)

 15:27:10 <cjwatson> I just wanted to get the most urgent ones down

 15:27:32 <slangasek> in particular, you should have both an image and a machine (VM or hardware) to install it on, ready to go Monday morning, not spend the morning downloading ISOs

 15:28:48 <slangasek> cjwatson: the bug lists looked to me like the right place to start

 15:28:49 <cjwatson> I've spoken to Nicholas Skaggs about some testing arrangements

 15:29:08 <cjwatson> actually I wanted to talk through that with Steve yesterday but we missed our call due to the bandwidth pixies

 15:29:36 <doko> does kvm work as VM?

 15:29:41 <slangasek> yes

 15:29:41 <cjwatson> we've agreed that at least we're going to try to organise something along the lines of milestone ISO testing, only based on the daily (or more) builds we emit during the sprint

 15:29:58 <cjwatson> and that we'll prepare a daily changelist for him so that his minions can do more focused testing work

 15:30:10 <slangasek> ah, cool

 15:30:34 <cjwatson> further ideas welcome

 15:31:18 <cjwatson> yes, kvm is fine for most purposes, it's what I use.  (I haven't managed to get it to pretend to be EFI well enough to boot Linux yet though, despite some attempts today)

 15:32:26 <stgraber> I'm running most tests in kvm too and some others (webcam, wireless, ...) in a LXC container with access to the required devices (and some hacks in ubiquity to run just the steps I need)

 15:33:27 <ev> so I would like to suggest that we require any changes made as part of the installer mini sprint go through code review in LP

 15:33:33 <ev> ideally, with two pairs of eyes on it

 15:33:34 <cjwatson> normally I'd suggest avoiding a monoculture, but I don't think it's especially harmful in this case - more important for people to be able to do development efficiently

 15:33:59 <jodh> I'm also using kvm, but doesn't that preclude Unity 3D?

 15:34:03 <cjwatson> I think one review should be sufficient, but I agree that we should use the review system

 15:34:15 <slangasek> jodh: I don't expect any of our installer bugs are going to be unity related

 15:34:23 <cjwatson> jodh: yes; for some bugs it matters, for most it doesn't

 15:34:38 <slangasek> or at least s/any/many/

 15:35:33 <jodh> slangasek: I wasn't necessarily thinking of the installer per se, more the resultant experience. But that was another question - when does an installer test terminate? On first reboot?

 15:35:55 <cjwatson> we aren't doing testing, we're doing developmenet

 15:35:56 <cjwatson> -e

 15:35:56 <jodh> or rather on first login after first reboot?

 15:35:56 <ogra_> on first successfull boot after installation ;)

 15:35:57 <slangasek> jodh: this isn't for installer testing, but for installer development :)

 15:36:01 <ev> ideally, I

 15:36:20 <cjwatson> and we're not working on the whole experience, but on the installer :)

 15:36:21 <ev> ideally, I'd like to see us move towards doing code review across all our projects, and I think this sprint would be a good trial run of that

 15:36:33 <ogra_> but we'll test the results of our work

 15:36:51 <slangasek> ev: agreed, I think this is a good idea

 15:36:55 <cjwatson> yes; but really, it's not likely that you'll need to get far enough for unity 3d to work

 15:37:03 <ogra_> indeed

 15:38:04 <cjwatson> flip side of course is that ev, stgraber, and I will probably be spending a lot of time doing reviews; but that's probably all to the good

 15:38:18 <ev> well, I would hope that we all do reviews

 15:38:21 <infinity> ev: As long as you mean "move toward a culture of code review" rather than "move to awkward processes that force busy work in the name of mandatory code review", I'm with you.

 15:38:24 <ev> different people will approach from different angles

 15:38:32 <ev> but yes, you're probably right :)

 15:38:37 <cjwatson> sure, but realistically ...

 15:38:42 <ev> absolutely

 15:38:56 <slangasek> jodh: many of these bugs are going to be quite self-contained; we'll want end-to-end testing after the fixes have landed, but that's why we'll have community testers coordinated to stand by

 15:39:11 <ev> but that's what I'm getting at with suggesting that two people review. This way we're all looking at each other's code, not just those of us most familiar with it.

 15:39:17 <slangasek> but you'd be hard pressed to regress the post-install desktop by fixing a bug with manual partitioning

 15:39:32 <cjwatson> ev: well, let's apply common sense, there's a wide range of complexity here

 15:39:43 <ev> sure

 15:40:07 * infinity is glad he knows nothing about d-i and ubiquity.

 15:40:26 <cjwatson> I'm happy for reviews of complex changes to say "oh and somebody else should look at this", although I also think it's important to keep the sprint pace moving along

 15:40:27 * infinity wistles nonchalantly and hides in the corner.

 15:40:29 <ogra_> we'll teach you !

 15:40:47 <slangasek> ev: so you're suggesting two reviewers, in addition to the author?

 15:41:07 <stgraber> +1 on common sense ;) FWIW I've always been reviewing any commit in the ubiquity branch before uploading and I'm guessing others might have done so too, we really just need to make sure it always happens and that when uploader == author, someone else looks at it before upload at least

 15:41:30 <slangasek> I was thinking 1 reviewer, + author, should be enough

 15:41:57 <slangasek> and shouldn't slow us down

 15:42:00 <stgraber> I'm not against using separate branches and doing merges and MP review on LP but we'll have to adapt our workflow a bit and make sure the commit and see how we can get CIA work with that :)

 15:42:22 <slangasek> I do think that we should view this as an opportunity for people who haven't done a lot of installer work to learn by reviewing, too

 15:42:31 <cjwatson> should still land trivial changes directly, as long as we have a reasonably shared understanding of that

 15:42:33 <infinity> stgraber: To be honest, I think MPs kinda slow the whole thing down, but maybe I'm alone in that.

 15:42:38 <cjwatson> (cf. e.g. Launchpad dev process)

 15:42:47 <ogra_> infinity, ++

 15:42:55 * ogra_ prefers IRC and pastebin

 15:42:56 <stgraber> infinity: you're not alone :) I think MPs are fine for new features, not for bugfixes

 15:43:06 <ev> slangasek: yes. I think it solves the problem of only people who are intimately familiar with a codebase being the reviewers. I'm trying to increase our understanding of each other's silos with this.

 15:43:07 <ev> I don't think it would slow us down, as these are bug fixes. They should be fairly isolated. Equally, I think once it becomes a reflex for us to engage in code review, the pace will pick up drastically.

 15:43:09 <stgraber> infinity: I much prefer IRC + pastebin for trivial fixes review, just before commiting the change

 15:43:09 <infinity> stgraber: Unless it's a complex merge/branch that should obviously not be landed without review, for fear of exploding everything everyone else is working on.

 15:43:21 <infinity> stgraber: Yeah, agreed.  Lightweight, FTW.

 15:43:35 <ev> But I do not pretend to know for certain how it will pan out. That's why it's an experiment :)

 15:43:53 <slangasek> ev: well, time spent reviewing is time not spent writing your own code; so yes, I do expect there to be some slowdown no matter how we structure it

 15:44:17 <slangasek> but this is a good opportunity to subjectively measure that slowdown

 15:44:31 <infinity> ev: To be fair, most people who understand a programming language or two can review 75% (or more, made up statistics are fun) of proposed fixed just based on comparing the changelog's description of the change to the logical path the code takes.

 15:44:32 <ev> sorry, I meant to imply that it wont waste time. I would argue that time spent reviewing is time spent learning.

 15:44:40 <stgraber> if we have everyone in #ubuntu-installer, doing "bzr diff | pastebinit" before a commit and posting the URL in the channel should work fine and is really quick to do

 15:44:49 <slangasek> since we'll have people with varying degrees of experience with the code, and we want people to learn from their peers - exactly

 15:44:58 <stgraber> the main issue with that is tracability as we don't have a clear MP with the votes but well ... we have the IRC log :)

 15:45:02 <ev> infinity: exactly, which is why I think it's entirely reasonable that we put two bodies on every merge.

 15:45:33 <ev> stgraber: what's wrong with the LP code review stuff? (other than it doesn't do inline comments)

 15:45:37 <infinity> ev: That was actually my argument for why you only need one reviewer, even if that reviewer isn't an old skool ubuntu-installer committer. :)

 15:46:04 <infinity> ev: LP's code review stuff is just a bit heavyweight for a 3-line patch.

 15:46:08 <ev> infinity: my thought there is that when a second person comes in to review the code, they're going to be inclined to approach the code from a different angle than the one already covered

 15:46:13 <slangasek> ev: I don't think we should *mandate* two peers for each change, and I'm inclined to agree with cjwatson that for trivial changes we might land them with no review at all... but if any of you guys have a change that's particularly expository of an aspect of the installer code, no reason it can't be shared around

 15:46:15 <stgraber> ev: takes longer. You need to commit, push a separate branch, send a merge proposal, wait for LP to diff the code, have people review, then merge, commit and push

 15:46:19 <ev> and that by just reading what's already been said, they may learn something

 15:46:24 <infinity> ev: I spend more time pushing branches around than I do creating, reviewing, and committing the fix.

 15:46:34 <stgraber> ev: instead of doing the changes, bzr diff | pastebinit, posting to IRC, wait for a +1, commit, push

 15:46:39 <cjwatson> having review is more important than how the review is done

 15:47:20 * slangasek nods

 15:47:24 <infinity> cjwatson: Crazy talk.  Next you'll imply that a submitted patch is more important than the format, and the entire open source elite will crumble.

 15:48:00 <cjwatson> so for complex things, sure, let's use merge proposals, otherwise, I'm easy

 15:48:16 <slangasek> stgraber: merge proposals have an advantage too, however, in that if the reviewer is happy, there's no additional round-trip... just land the branch directly.  So there's a bit more overhead for the author and a bit less for the reviewer

 15:48:30 <ev> sure, I agree with Colin's point on having review being more important. But I would like to see some clear structure to this. My hope is that we made code review a core part of what we do.

 15:48:31 <infinity> cjwatson: I think that's the same opinion stgraber and I had. :P

 15:48:51 <ev> Doesn't bzr have commands to automatically propose a branch?

 15:48:59 <slangasek> yes

 15:49:02 <cjwatson> structure is there to serve us, not the other way round :)

 15:49:02 <slangasek> sometimes they work :)

 15:49:05 <ev> lol

 15:49:31 <ev> cjwatson: sure, I just mean, it'd be great if there was a page I could go to in order to see the list of things awaiting comment

 15:49:36 <ev> rather than having to parse scrollback

 15:49:39 <ev> in the general sense

 15:49:45 <infinity> Like I said before, I want a culture of review, but I'm annoyed by attempts to force process on the whole thing.

 15:49:47 <ev> obviously pastebin will be easy when we're in sprint mode

 15:49:54 <infinity> MPs are awesome for complex merges/features.

 15:50:00 <infinity> Especially things that require a lot of iteration.

 15:50:09 <ev> mind you, I'm flexible on all of this. I am by no means saying this is the one true way to do everything.

 15:50:27 <cjwatson> yeah, I'll be kind of annoyed if I have to run say debconf-updatepo runs through MPs :-)

 15:51:08 <cjwatson> just want to make sure we're being sensible about it is all

 15:51:12 <infinity> We should gate all installer commits through PQM while we're at it.  *nod*

 15:51:21 <ev> understandable. But I'd also like to make the few lines patch fairly easy to do a MP on while still being visible in the big queue of things

 15:51:25 <ev> hahaha, oh dear

 15:52:35 <slangasek> so I don't think we have agreement on a single right way to handle merges

 15:52:37 <stgraber> ev: might be just me, but I'm usually flooded by LP while trafic in #ubuntu-installer is low, so I end up checking #ubuntu-installer a lot more often and read the scrollback very carefuly, I can't always say the same for all the LP merge proposals, bugs, ... (unless they are assigned to me)

 15:53:10 <slangasek> so let's plan to use a mix of LP MPs and pastebins (and direct commits for the trivial stuff)

 15:53:29 <slangasek> stgraber: ah, but you'll also be on G+ the whole time, so people can nudge you to ask for reviews directly :)

 15:53:36 <cjwatson> if people want to say "that's too hard for a paste, MP it" I think that's fine

 15:53:57 <slangasek> agreed then?

 15:54:04 <infinity> Works for me.

 15:54:11 <cjwatson> FWIW I intend to make sure everything is uploaded by the end of each day, for the purpose of daily builds

 15:54:18 <cjwatson> so please don't break the trunk or I'll be sad :P

 15:54:20 <infinity> Keep flexible, keep lower-case agile (because upper-case Agile is anything but).

 15:54:20 <ev> sure

 15:54:46 <slangasek> [TOPIC] bugs

 15:54:58 <slangasek> bdmurray: sorry, I haven't left you much time

 15:55:02 <cjwatson> fwiw I can't reproduce bug 945826

 15:55:03 <ev> cjwatson: are you going to be the sheriff? :)

 15:55:04 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 945826 in apt (Ubuntu) "12.04 AMD64 Beta Live CD sources.list has a bad entry" [Medium,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/945826

 15:55:28 <ev> (context: http://www.chromium.org/developers/tree-sheriffs)

 15:55:39 <cjwatson> ev: pass me the silver star and the six-shooter

 15:55:44 <ev> lol

 15:55:55 <ev> you heard it here, ladies and gentlemen

 15:56:00 <ev> if you break trunk

 15:56:01 <bdmurray> slangasek: is bug 953289 related to the one you mentioned?

 15:56:02 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 953289 in unixodbc (Ubuntu) "package odbcinst1debian2 2.2.14p2-5ubuntu2 failed to install/upgrade: ErrorMessage: dependency problems - leaving unconfigured" [Medium,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/953289

 15:56:06 <ev> cjwatson will gun you down

 15:56:10 <infinity> I'd rather be the tree deputy. No one ever shoots that guy.

 15:56:16 <ev> lol

 15:56:17 <slangasek> bdmurray: looking

 15:56:45 <bdmurray> cjwatson: what architecture did you test?

 15:56:48 <cjwatson> i386

 15:57:01 <cjwatson> don't have kubuntu-precise-desktop-amd64 locally

 15:57:11 <cjwatson> (would be surprised if that mattered here?)

 15:57:20 <bdmurray> I used ubuntu-desktop-amd64

 15:57:44 <slangasek> bdmurray: bug #953289 is an apt bug, fixed in precise but not in oneiric

 15:57:45 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 953289 in unixodbc (Ubuntu) "package odbcinst1debian2 2.2.14p2-5ubuntu2 failed to install/upgrade: ErrorMessage: dependency problems - leaving unconfigured" [Medium,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/953289

 15:57:49 <cjwatson> ok, I do have that

 15:58:12 <slangasek> bdmurray: I see odbcinst:i386 being pulled in as a dep, and it should always have odbcinst

 15:58:39 <cjwatson> bdmurray: and, to be clear, you could reproduce the bug there?

 15:59:19 <bdmurray> cjwatson: yes apt-get update printed errors and using apt-cdrom failed too

 15:59:42 <cjwatson> bdmurray: hm, yes

 15:59:50 <slangasek> bdmurray: oh, backing up a bit, maybe there are two different issues in this log... either way, no, it's not the same bug I was talking about

 16:00:05 * infinity looks at the clock.

 16:00:42 <bdmurray> cjwatson: I was using the apt-cdrom comand from 41apt-cdrom

 16:01:04 <cjwatson> bdmurray: oho, it's the *i386* entries on amd64, now I understand

 16:01:38 <infinity> Oh, some confusion about how multiarch should or shouldn't work WRT apt-cdrom?

 16:01:43 <cjwatson> running apt-cdrom is more likely to confuse than help, I think

 16:01:54 <slangasek> cjwatson: can I assign the bug to you for follow-through?

 16:02:04 <cjwatson> infinity: there's some care to try to make i386 index files available on the live CD, yes

 16:02:11 <cjwatson> slangasek: yep

 16:02:20 <slangasek> done

 16:02:22 <slangasek> bdmurray: any others?

 16:02:40 <cjwatson> looks to me like I just forgot to do it for restricted

 16:02:44 <infinity> cjwatson: Yeah, but having two entries seems wrong, shouldn't it just transparently DTRT if binary-i386 exists, like a file:/ or http:// URI does?

 16:03:11 <cjwatson> infinity: true, there's something odd there

 16:03:14 <bdmurray> bug 946663 - but I haven't looked into it much

 16:03:15 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 946663 in ubiquity (Ubuntu) "Installer stuck at "Removing conflicting operating system files..."" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/946663

 16:03:42 <slangasek> can we put that one in the hopper for the sprint?

 16:04:42 * slangasek gives it a rls-mgr-p-tracking

 16:04:52 <infinity> The apt-cdrom/casper one seems vaguely installer sprinty too.

 16:05:05 <cjwatson> I'll fix that today, I think

 16:05:10 <infinity> Or that. :P

 16:05:25 * cjwatson isn't planning to slow down to leave more for the installer sprint, sorry :)

 16:05:29 <cjwatson> running out of days ...

 16:05:52 <infinity> cjwatson: I'm kinda curious if the one non-arch-specified line (ie: the second line listed) is the only one present, if it DTRT WRT multi-arch.

 16:06:09 <cjwatson> well I was going to fix the obvious bug I see in the CD layout first

 16:06:10 <infinity> cjwatson: Cause if so, it's probably just a casper bug that it's adding the i386 one.

 16:06:21 <infinity> cjwatson: Oh, is the archive layout also not sane? :)

 16:06:29 <cjwatson> yep, it's entirely missing restricted/binary-i386

 16:06:40 <slangasek> [TOPIC] AOB

 16:06:50 <slangasek> anything else, or shall we adjourn? :)

 16:07:04 <infinity> *crickets*

 16:07:48 <slangasek> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)