#title #ubuntu-meeting Meeting

Meeting started by skaet at 15:00:44 UTC.  The full logs are available
at
http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2012/ubuntu-meeting.2012-08-17-15.00.log.html
.



== Meeting summary ==

''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ReleaseTeam/Meeting/2012-08-17   (skaet, 15:00:57)
''LINK:'' https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-August/001741.html - QA - gema  (skaet, 15:02:25)
''LINK:'' https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-August/001742.html - Security - mdeslaur  (skaet, 15:02:25)
''LINK:'' https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-August/001745.html - Kernel - ogasawara  (skaet, 15:02:25)
''LINK:'' https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-August/001746.html - Desktop - seb128 (kenvandine rep)  (skaet, 15:02:25)
''LINK:'' https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-August/001747.html - Lubuntu - gilir  (skaet, 15:02:26)
''LINK:'' https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-August/001748.html - HW Cert - brendand  (skaet, 15:02:28)
''LINK:'' https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-August/001749.html - Edubuntu - stgraber  (skaet, 15:02:32)
''LINK:'' https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-August/001750.html - Ubuntu Studio - astraljava  (skaet, 15:02:34)
''LINK:'' https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-August/001751.html - Xubuntu - astraljava  (skaet, 15:02:37)
''LINK:'' https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-August/001752.html - Kubuntu - Riddell  (skaet, 15:02:39)
''LINK:'' https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-August/001753.html - Linaro - fabo  (skaet, 15:02:41)
''LINK:'' https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-August/001754.html - Foudnations - ogra_  (skaet, 15:02:43)
''LINK:'' https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-August/001757.html - Ubuntu One - joshuahoover  (skaet, 15:02:45)
''LINK:'' https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-August/001759.html - Server - arosales  (skaet, 15:02:48)
 *Questions and Comments
''LINK:'' https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-August/001760.html mine  (popey, 15:03:28)
''LINK:'' https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-August/001761.html balloons  (popey, 15:03:34)



Meeting ended at 15:50:28 UTC.



== Votes ==




== Action items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * skaet (110)
 * ogra_ (30)
 * balloons (20)
 * kenvandine (14)
 * xnox (12)
 * popey (12)
 * stgraber (11)
 * gema (9)
 * Riddell (7)
 * ubottu (5)
 * meetingology (3)
 * arosales (2)
 * cjwatson (2)
 * smartboyhw (2)
 * jdstrand (1)
 * gilir (1)
 * ogasawara (1)
 * scott-work (1)



== Full Log ==


 15:00:44 <skaet> #startmeeting

 15:00:44 <meetingology> Meeting started Fri Aug 17 15:00:44 2012 UTC.  The chair is skaet. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 15:00:44 <meetingology> 

 15:00:44 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 15:00:57 <skaet> Agenda (and minute location):

 15:00:57 <skaet> https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ReleaseTeam/Meeting/2012-08-17

 15:00:57 <skaet> .

 15:00:57 <skaet> Upcoming dates:

 15:00:57 <skaet> 12.04.1

 15:00:58 <skaet> 2012/08/20: ReleaseNoteFreeze

 15:01:02 <skaet> 2012/08/23: Ubuntu 12.04.1

 15:01:04 <skaet> 12.10

 15:01:06 <skaet> 2012/08/23: Quantal FeatureFreeze

 15:01:08 <skaet> 2012/09/06: 12.10 Beta 1

 15:01:10 <skaet> .

 15:01:12 <skaet> Work Items:

 15:01:14 <skaet> 2012/08/10 -  3011 (was 3010  (last  week):   We are behind the trendline for some of the projects.

 15:01:17 <skaet> There is only 1  weeks left until FeatureFreeze, so getting us back on track would be appreciated.  If something is clearly not going to make it this cycle, please mark it POSTPONED.

 15:01:20 <skaet> Please help get us back where we should be by making sure https://launchpad.net/~/+upcomingwork is up to date for your tasks.

 15:01:23 <skaet> .

 15:01:25 <skaet> .

 15:01:27 <skaet> Work Items:

 15:01:31 <skaet> 2012/08/10 -  3011 (was 3010  (last  week):   We are behind the trendline for some of the projects.

 15:01:34 <skaet> There is only 1  weeks left until FeatureFreeze, so getting us back on track would be appreciated.  If something is clearly not going to make it this cycle, please mark it POSTPONED.

 15:01:37 <skaet> Please help get us back where we should be by making sure https://launchpad.net/~/+upcomingwork is up to date for your tasks.

 15:01:40 <skaet> .

 15:01:42 <skaet> Bugs:

 15:01:44 <skaet> Quantal: http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-q-tracking-bug-tasks.html

 15:01:46 <skaet> 12.04.1: http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/milestone-12.04.1.html

 15:01:48 <skaet> 12.04.1: https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/precise/+bugs?field.milestone%3Alist=49926

 15:01:50 <skaet> .

 15:01:52 <skaet> hmm... that date on the work items should be 2012/08/17..

 15:02:25 <skaet> Weekly Status Received:

 15:02:25 <skaet> https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-August/001741.html - QA - gema

 15:02:25 <skaet> https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-August/001742.html - Security - mdeslaur

 15:02:25 <skaet> https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-August/001745.html - Kernel - ogasawara

 15:02:25 <skaet> https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-August/001746.html - Desktop - seb128 (kenvandine rep)

 15:02:26 <skaet> https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-August/001747.html - Lubuntu - gilir

 15:02:28 <skaet> https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-August/001748.html - HW Cert - brendand

 15:02:32 <skaet> https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-August/001749.html - Edubuntu - stgraber

 15:02:34 <skaet> https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-August/001750.html - Ubuntu Studio - astraljava

 15:02:37 <skaet> https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-August/001751.html - Xubuntu - astraljava

 15:02:39 <skaet> https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-August/001752.html - Kubuntu - Riddell

 15:02:41 <skaet> https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-August/001753.html - Linaro - fabo

 15:02:43 <skaet> https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-August/001754.html - Foudnations - ogra_

 15:02:45 <skaet> https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-August/001757.html - Ubuntu One - joshuahoover

 15:02:48 <skaet> https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-August/001759.html - Server - arosales

 15:02:50 <skaet> ?? - Community Testing - balloons

 15:02:52 <skaet> ?? - Product Strategy (Unity) - popey

 15:02:54 <skaet> ..

 15:02:58 <skaet> #topic Questions and Comments

 15:03:10 <skaet> hi all,  welcome.

 15:03:17 <jdstrand> hi

 15:03:20 <smartboyhw> Hi

 15:03:28 <popey> https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-August/001760.html  mine

 15:03:33 <gilir> hi

 15:03:34 <popey> https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-August/001761.html balloons

 15:03:42 <kenvandine> oh yay... when seb128 asked me to fill in i didn't even think about it being the week before feature freeze :)

 15:03:43 * balloons thanks popey

 15:03:47 <skaet> thanks popey.

 15:04:12 <skaet> kenvandine, yup.   we'll Feature Feeze at 2100 UTC next Thursday.

 15:04:20 <skaet> other comments..

 15:04:25 <skaet> Data Center move didn�t go quite as smoothly as hoped for our buildds,  but i386, amd64, armhf are back on line now.   Powerpc will be back up shortly.   We�ll be respinning the candidates for 12.04.1 today, so look for them to appear on the iso tracker after we make a couple of decisions about some late landing fixes and the safety of their inclusion.

 15:04:28 <skaet> ..

 15:04:53 <skaet> any "o/" for questions before I start into my list?  ;)

 15:05:10 <skaet> astraljava, scott-work, stgraber,, Riddell,   -  any surprises seen from 12.04.1 smoke testing?   All ready for testing when first candidate images start to land?

 15:05:25 <scott-work> skaet: i am not aware of any problems

 15:05:28 <stgraber> so far so good for Edubuntu

 15:05:38 <stgraber> did a few tests yesterday without seeing any issue

 15:05:39 <stgraber> ..

 15:05:42 <Riddell> skaet: all good as far as it has been reported to me

 15:06:05 <skaet> thanks.    glad to hear it.  :)

 15:06:07 <skaet> ..

 15:06:42 <skaet> As we head into feature freeze and bugs are going to be more important...   spotting some concerns about following our process for this release.

 15:07:01 <skaet> arosales, QA reports running into https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/ubuntu-meta/+bug/1028453,  for a couple of weeks now,  but there doesn�t seem to be much activity on it.   Is it planned to be fixed?  (still has rls-q-incoming tag on it and isn�t targetted to quantal)

 15:07:03 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1028453 in ubuntu-meta (Ubuntu) "Quantal Ubuntu Server minimal install oversized" [High,Confirmed]

 15:08:04 <skaet> kenvandine,  also noticed  https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/brltty/+bug/1022927 - still has rls-q-incoming tag on it, and not targetted to quantal.  Is it planned to be fixed?

 15:08:05 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1022927 in brltty (Ubuntu) "Upgrade tests failed: obsolete files left after the upgrade" [High,Confirmed]

 15:08:21 * arosales looking

 15:08:23 <kenvandine> skaet, i don't know

 15:08:26 <kenvandine> but i'll check into it

 15:08:31 <skaet> thanks kenvandine  :)

 15:08:47 <skaet> other one I spotted was:

 15:08:50 <skaet> Riddell in your bug list:  http://goo.gl/ESmab  there are about half without an importance set,  could you update those?  (wanting to know which are critical/high, and there looks like there may be a couple in the undecideds)

 15:09:13 <Riddell> yeah I need to do some bug triage

 15:09:19 <skaet> thanks Riddell.  :)

 15:09:20 <skaet> ..

 15:09:48 <skaet> gema,  bootspeed is showed significant reduction between 8/11 and 8/12 - was this is this a result of transition from test environement to real values, or further change expected?  http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/boot-speed/acer-veriton-02/index.html

 15:10:17 <gema> skaet: the high timings were due to a problem with the environment

 15:10:31 <gema> we are rerunning the tests so that we have good data, now that we got to the bottom of things

 15:10:36 <gema> on old images

 15:10:45 <skaet> is the data from 8/12 onwards considered good?

 15:10:50 <arosales> skaet: I'll follow up on bug 1028453. We should be able to fix that hopefully before beta1

 15:10:52 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1028453 in ubuntu-meta (Ubuntu) "Quantal Ubuntu Server minimal install oversized" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1028453

 15:11:08 <skaet> thanks arosales.    gema, ^

 15:11:33 <gema> skaet: do not consider anything definitive until we've caught up

 15:11:40 <gema> skaet: there is a bad run there from the 0813

 15:11:46 <skaet> gema,  fair 'nuf.  :)   thanks.

 15:11:49 <gema> np

 15:11:54 <skaet> ..

 15:12:46 * skaet wonders if any one else has questions?

 15:12:53 <balloons> o/

 15:13:33 <Riddell> o/

 15:13:39 <skaet> go balloons

 15:14:31 <balloons> ok I've got a few questions.. I'll start with the ARM images. Right now none of the daily builds since alpha 3 have worked to my knowledge

 15:14:48 * ogra_ tests daily ...

 15:15:02 <balloons> I'm trying to find the latest bug reports.. but I just wanted some feedback on a couple bugs causing issues

 15:15:09 <balloons> is it working for you?

 15:15:27 <ogra_> desktop was broken due to a general ubiquity bug for a few days (encryption page was getting in the way), beyond that ll images worked fine

 15:15:40 <skaet> gema, ^ any input?

 15:15:52 <gema> skaet: nope, we haven't been testing ARM

 15:16:00 <ogra_> but as i stated in my mail, from yesterday on desktop testing is moot, we dont have GLES drivers so you wont be able to use the desktop

 15:16:40 <ogra_> (the installer doesnt use any 3D elements, so you will be able to install but will not be able to run a live session or a desktop session on the installed system

 15:16:42 <ogra_> )

 15:16:48 <balloons> ogra_, we're getting kernel panics upon reboot

 15:16:59 <balloons> ahh.. so that might be the driving issue then

 15:17:02 <ogra_> balloons, bug # ?

 15:17:17 <ogra_> i definitely dont have any panics

 15:17:21 <ogra_> ..

 15:17:25 <balloons> bah I can't seem to find it right now.. at least the kernel panic issue

 15:17:48 <balloons> my issue was the wifi drivers not working, which the kernel folks fixed.. I still need to test again to see if it worked

 15:18:15 <ogra_> well, there will be a new kernel soon

 15:18:37 <ogra_> afaik it was just uploaded

 15:19:08 <balloons> ok, well, I guess what's the best way to communicate with you on the issues the community finds and I can confirm?

 15:19:11 <ogra_> (read: completely new from scratch ... vs the old cruft we used from precise with some hacks)

 15:19:20 <balloons> ogra_, ok, good to know!

 15:19:42 <ogra_> balloons, #ubuntu-arm generally has some distro arm people hanging around

 15:19:47 <balloons> I can gather up the shortlist of bugs I know is causing grief

 15:20:15 <balloons> ok, I'll chat more after, so I don't kill the meeting runtime

 15:20:21 <balloons> thanks ogra_

 15:20:24 <ogra_> and even though there is no official team anymore, the ubuntu-arm team on LP still exists, if you subscribe ubuntu-arm to bugs, the team gets mail notifications ;)

 15:20:28 <ogra_> ..

 15:20:35 <balloons> ..

 15:20:43 <balloons> ohh

 15:21:05 <balloons> lol, umm, I also wanted to ask colin what was going to happen with ubuquity before ff.. if anything

 15:21:49 <balloons> cjwatson, are you about ^^

 15:21:49 <skaet> ogra_,  do you know the plans?  or see if cjwatson can comment?

 15:22:16 <ogra_> skaet, nope, i know that xnox is working hard on the lvm and encryption bits but i would have to ask for status

 15:22:34 <ogra_> nothing beyond whats mentioned in the mail ...

 15:22:35 <ogra_> ..

 15:22:52 <skaet> ogra_, ack

 15:22:59 <cjwatson> balloons: I'm not particularly working on it at the moment, although xnox is continuing to make progress on LVM/crypto work

 15:23:04 * xnox 0/

 15:23:16 <cjwatson> ah yes, ogra_ said that too :)

 15:24:00 <xnox> after ff, there will be more changes to the manual partitionaire. The automatic installation is done.

 15:24:13 <xnox> lvm, ecryption is supported.

 15:24:17 <xnox> no raid.

 15:25:01 <xnox> ..

 15:25:06 <skaet> xnox,  so FFE planned for the changes to the manual partitioners?

 15:25:10 <Riddell> xnox: interesting, we should look at doing that in the kde frontend sometime presumably

 15:25:12 <balloons> xnox, ok great. I'll want to make especially sure we have testcases for that

 15:25:41 <balloons> ..

 15:25:58 <xnox> skaet: there was an email out about it to you from slangasek. And I still need to follow up on it with more details.

 15:26:22 <skaet> xnox,  ok.

 15:26:29 <xnox> skaet: initially, after feature-freeze I will continue to implement bits and that see if they are ready to be incorporated into the installer.

 15:26:58 <xnox> and if they are, then possibly there might be changes landing after the ff.

 15:27:25 <xnox> Riddell: yes. The automatic partitioning is done, and you can start implementing the Qt front-end changes.

 15:28:27 <skaet> xnox,  please make sure well documented, so that we can make sure testing lines up with it.

 15:29:00 <skaet> will follow up on the rest by email (when I scrub my inbox to find that message :/ )

 15:29:12 <skaet> ..

 15:29:22 <xnox> skaet: yes. I have started discussions to enable automatic testing of ecryption in jenkins, and I will be adding manual iso test cases soon as well (next week)

 15:29:23 <xnox> ..

 15:29:35 <skaet> xnox,  thanks!  :)

 15:30:04 <skaet> Riddell,  your turn now

 15:30:20 <Riddell> Canonical server are having some downtime this weekend, will that affect CD build?

 15:30:38 <ogra_> doesnt it already  ?

 15:30:59 <stgraber> Riddell: I don't think so, the builders have been moved yesterday

 15:31:17 <ogra_> yeah

 15:31:25 <Riddell> that makes life easier

 15:31:44 <ogra_> well, there is still enough to do for them and bad things can always happen :)

 15:32:14 <ogra_> ..

 15:32:16 <skaet> cron jobs are running again at least.

 15:32:17 <skaet> ..

 15:32:25 <Riddell> ..

 15:33:20 <skaet> kenvandine,  the new xserver breaking NVIDIA,   who's on point to get this resolved?

 15:33:24 <stgraber> Riddell: just confirmed, nusakan is on the "stay in GS2" list and the rest was already moved, so not expecting any CD build failure this weekend.

 15:33:27 <stgraber> ..

 15:33:43 <skaet> thanks stgraber.  :)

 15:33:44 <skaet> ..

 15:34:06 <kenvandine> skaet, i think tseliot

 15:34:50 <skaet> Given the scope of machines potentially involved and beta 1 coming up,  is there plans to roll back if we don't have a fix in place?

 15:35:00 <skaet> before beta 1 freeze?

 15:35:04 <kenvandine> not that i am aware of

 15:35:10 <kenvandine> but i'll make a note of it for seb128

 15:35:24 <skaet> thanks kenvandine :)

 15:35:26 <skaet> ..

 15:35:49 <ogra_> iirc the plan (picked up from another channel) is to rebuild with the 13 ABI dropped, that will make the packlage uninstallable until it is fixed

 15:35:56 <ogra_> ..

 15:36:26 <skaet> thanks ogra_

 15:37:03 <skaet> popey,  will this likely impact your team's development?

 15:37:26 <popey> which bit skaet ?

 15:37:29 <skaet> (ie. do a lot of them have nvidia boxes?)

 15:37:34 <popey> we have a mix

 15:37:41 <skaet> new xserve not working with NVIDIA

 15:37:44 <popey> mostly not nvidia

 15:37:47 <kenvandine> unity developers rely heavily on nvidia

 15:38:12 <smartboyhw> I like AMD

 15:38:20 <ogra_> they could all just switch to pandaboards !

 15:38:32 <kenvandine> last time this happened, unity lost like 3 weeks of productive development time

 15:38:34 <ogra_> oh, wait, no driver for that either ...

 15:38:36 <ogra_> ..

 15:38:38 * skaet resists getting into the unity 2D/3D discussion...

 15:38:42 <kenvandine> ogra_, you're funny :)

 15:39:12 <popey> skaet, most of my guys are intel/amd people, unity guys afaict are mostly intel

 15:39:18 * ogra_ likes how we fill the chasm with a landfill of non-GL capable computers to make our users get over it

 15:39:19 <popey> unless kenvandine knows better

 15:39:19 <ogra_> :P

 15:39:21 <ogra_> ..

 15:39:22 <popey> ..

 15:39:47 <kenvandine> popey, unless things changed... mostly nvidia

 15:39:51 * xnox wants to know the post code location of that landfill.....

 15:40:01 <kenvandine> DBO, jay, macslow, etc

 15:40:12 <kenvandine> mostly the GL guys

 15:40:14 <popey> ok

 15:40:20 <kenvandine> they all live and breathe nvidia

 15:40:39 <skaet> kenvandine,  thanks,  yeah,  please raise the possibility of reverting with seb128

 15:41:02 <kenvandine> skaet, noted

 15:42:20 <skaet> ..

 15:43:19 <skaet> popey,  https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/unity/+bug/1008918 is showing up on our tracking list of one that needs to be fixed, but I'm not seeing it on your list of bugs working on.   Can you look at adding it to the active list?

 15:43:20 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1008918 in unity (Ubuntu Quantal) "wrong display in dashboard after first time clicking the dashboard button" [High,Confirmed]

 15:44:11 <popey> i see lukasz requested more info

 15:44:30 <skaet> gema, ^

 15:44:54 <popey> ok skaet

 15:44:55 <popey> ..

 15:45:19 <gema> skaet: ?

 15:45:45 <skaet> gema,  bug on unity QA reported is waiting on an question answer

 15:46:11 <ogra_> looks like thats against unity-2d though ... isnt that unsupported now ?

 15:46:23 <gema> skaet: no worries we will get that moving

 15:46:54 <skaet> thanks gema,  popey.  :)

 15:47:43 * skaet wondering if any one else has questions?

 15:48:10 <skaet> if not...

 15:48:36 <stgraber> just got a quick one

 15:48:40 <skaet> just a reminder we Feature Freeze for 12.10 at 2100 next Thursday.     Release Note Freeze for 12.04.1

 15:48:51 <skaet> on 2100 next Monday.

 15:48:55 <skaet> go stgraber.  :)

 15:49:27 <stgraber> for kernel, I noticed that bug 1021471 was reproduced by Clint yesterday, would be good if it could be prioritized and looked into as it's affecting quite a few people running lxc apparently

 15:49:29 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1021471 in linux (Ubuntu) "stuck on mutex_lock creating a new network namespace when starting a container" [Medium,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1021471

 15:49:40 <skaet> ogasawara, ^

 15:49:45 * ogasawara will take a look

 15:49:51 <stgraber> I poked about it a few meetings back but we stopped getting reproducers since then until yesterday when Clint poked me about it

 15:49:53 <stgraber> ..

 15:49:57 <stgraber> ogasawara: thanks

 15:50:28 <skaet> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)