#title #ubuntu-meeting Meeting

Meeting started by czajkowski at 17:10:26 UTC.  The full logs are
available at
http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2012/ubuntu-meeting.2012-05-17-17.10.log.html
.



== Meeting summary ==

''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/CommunityCouncilAgendatodays agenda  (czajkowski, 17:10:40)
 *TB Catch up
''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/CommunityCouncilAgenda   (pleia2, 17:11:03)
''ACTION:'' pleia2 to start a thread on the role of a chair on boards  (czajkowski, 17:27:52)
''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/TechnicalBoard is a little less specific but still doesn't describe the present scope very well IMO  (mdz, 17:31:37)
''ACTION:'' mdz update the TB docs  (czajkowski, 17:35:39)

 *Election and appointment of the 5th member of the IRCC
''LINK:'' https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-irc/2011-November/001467.html is the second email in that (he had to make some adjustments :))  (pleia2, 17:53:07)

 *Code of Conduct

 *AOB



Meeting ended at 17:58:50 UTC.



== Votes ==




== Action items ==

 * pleia2 to start a thread on the role of a chair on boards
 * mdz update the TB docs



== Action items, by person ==

 * mdz
 ** mdz update the TB docs
 * pleia2
 ** pleia2 to start a thread on the role of a chair on boards



== People present (lines said) ==

 * mdz (71)
 * pleia2 (60)
 * czajkowski (46)
 * cjwatson (26)
 * AlanBell (8)
 * meetingology (5)
 * stgraber (1)



== Full Log ==


 17:10:26 <czajkowski> #startmeeting

 17:10:26 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu May 17 17:10:26 2012 UTC.  The chair is czajkowski. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 17:10:26 <meetingology> 

 17:10:26 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 17:10:34 <pleia2> week after UDS is always hard

 17:10:40 <czajkowski> #link https://wiki.ubuntu.com/CommunityCouncilAgendatodays agenda

 17:10:52 <czajkowski> #topic TB Catch up

 17:11:03 <pleia2> #link https://wiki.ubuntu.com/CommunityCouncilAgenda

 17:11:10 <pleia2> (just cleaning up the link for minutes :))

 17:11:13 <czajkowski> mdz: cjwatson thanks for coming along

 17:11:17 <czajkowski> pleia2: thank you

 17:12:56 <pleia2> mdz, cjohnston, this is just a quick status check, how are things doing? any concerns?

 17:13:16 <mdz> pleia2, there are a few things worth discussing I think

 17:13:32 <mdz> first the administrative

 17:13:51 <mdz> we seem to have had quite some difficulty scheduling meetings lately

 17:14:04 <pleia2> oops, s/cjohnston/cjwatson

 17:14:13 <mdz> not with attendance per se, but with people having different ideas of when the meeting was scheduled

 17:14:21 <mdz> due to there being multiple resources for that

 17:14:33 <pleia2> yeah, so there is the wiki, fridge calendar

 17:14:39 <czajkowski> mdz: nods, always hard.

 17:14:41 <mdz> there's also a Canonical calendar

 17:15:20 <czajkowski> mdz: could the person who's due to chair send out a a day before reminder so people remember to turn up?

 17:15:22 <mdz> and sometimes any two of them may disagree, and it's frustrating for folks who have adapted their schedules to attend meetings in the evenings etc.

 17:15:50 <mdz> czajkowski, yes, but that just creates one MORE place where the meeting time is recorded :-)

 17:15:52 <pleia2> since the TB isn't all Canonical, and we want to encourage community to see what happens at these meetings, should probably make sure wiki and fridge agree and go with that as the canonical calendar (er, little "c" canonical :))

 17:15:57 <mdz> is it the time in the email? or what the calendar says?

 17:16:14 <mdz> I wondered what other teams are doing, and whether we could simplify to only ONE authoritative schedule

 17:16:22 <mdz> whether that's the fridge calendar, or something else

 17:16:31 <mdz> and remove the others so there's no misunderstanding

 17:16:36 <pleia2> yeah

 17:16:46 <mdz> historically, this was problematic for various reasons

 17:16:55 <pleia2> fridge is what the community largely uses

 17:16:55 <mdz> e.g. google calendar losing its mind on DST changes

 17:17:01 <mdz> or the right people not having access to change it

 17:17:02 <cjwatson> I'm in principle here, but may have to leave at mid-meeting as I'm approaching EOD

 17:17:27 <pleia2> I'd suggest adding the time as reykjavik, iceland - always UTC, no DST

 17:17:29 * stgraber waves (in the middle of something but on IRC if needed)

 17:17:51 <cjwatson> the other people in this case was me not moderating list mail until late, but that was just a screw-up, I did at least barely remember in time

 17:17:57 <cjwatson> s/people/problem/

 17:18:01 <czajkowski> mdz: possibly just the fridge and then if people want to add an ical feed for their own use fine, but the fridge would always be right

 17:18:27 <cjwatson> I think just the fridge is fine as long as we agree; didn't that use to be synced from google calendar?

 17:18:42 <pleia2> fridge is a google calendar

 17:19:05 <mdz> according to https://wiki.ubuntu.com/Fridge/Calendar the recommended approach is to create the event on your own calendar, and invite the fridge to it

 17:19:10 <pleia2> and if any changes are ever needed and don't show up, you just swing by #ubuntu-news and give us a nudge

 17:19:41 <pleia2> mdz: yeah, you can also ask the news team directly to add stuff

 17:19:50 <mdz> OK, I'll do that then

 17:19:56 <pleia2> great

 17:20:09 <mdz> second topic is a small governance thing

 17:20:23 <mdz> I'm listed as the "chair" of the TB, and have been since approximately the dawn of time

 17:20:47 <mdz> but AFAIK that role is completely undefined, and I don't think it exists in practice

 17:21:01 <cjwatson> in practice we rotate chairship from meeting to meeting

 17:21:12 <mdz> in terms of the meeting chair, yes

 17:21:18 <mdz> and I don't think there's a need for any other kind of chair

 17:21:31 <mdz> all of the members of the TB are (should be) in equal standing

 17:21:49 <czajkowski> nods

 17:21:56 <czajkowski> that's how I saw it at least from the outside

 17:22:07 <mdz> how would we go about making that official?

 17:22:26 <pleia2> on the CC the Chair is responsible for tie-breaking

 17:22:46 <cjwatson> Where's that documented for the TB?  Just the wiki and maybe a copy on the website?

 17:22:48 <pleia2> I think there is a wiki page somewhere outlining this, but I'm having trouble finding it

 17:23:14 <cjwatson> I believe our official tie-break procedure is to invoke sabdfl; I can't recall ever needing it

 17:23:24 <czajkowski> pleia2: ah I assumed on the CC as we rotate the chair, it was equal standing only sabdfl had tie-breaking

 17:23:28 <mdz> cjwatson, yes and yes

 17:23:40 <pleia2> czajkowski: that's meeting chair, this is full council chair (sabdfl is ours)

 17:23:40 <mdz> I don't think it has happened once in practice in 8 years

 17:24:18 <mdz> cjwatson, website for sure

 17:24:30 <czajkowski> pleia2: ahh ok, this is where the term chair should possibly be defined then tbh, as chair has always been rotated on all boards with equal standing except CC which has mark as chair chair

 17:24:36 <pleia2> mdz: sabdfl likes the idea of chairs, so I think we might want to defer this for feedback from him too (he may have a clearer picture or remember where we documented the role)

 17:24:48 <cjwatson> We used to be closer to it when we were responsible for developer approval, but with the odd exception most other matters that come to us seem to be relatively consensual at least among the board

 17:24:49 <mdz> I don't think it's causing any problem per se, but it seemed like a rough edge worth reviewing

 17:25:27 <mdz> pleia2, if it's to be an official role, it should be elected

 17:25:29 <pleia2> czajkowski: in theory membership boards have "chair" or "secretary" as well, who is also responsible for making sure the stuff gets done (team reports, meetings happen)

 17:25:33 <cjwatson> back in Oxford in 2004 I'm sure I remember an explicit idea that Mark would break ties on the CC and TB

 17:25:47 <mdz> cjwatson, that matches my recollection

 17:25:48 <cjwatson> The notion drifted for a while because Mark also sat directly on both

 17:26:40 <pleia2> ok, so I think we want to determine what the role is supposed to be, and then take the conversation from there

 17:26:45 <cjwatson> Then he decided he wanted to step down from a direct seat on the TB, but I don't think that ever superseded his general benevolent-dictator role

 17:27:04 <pleia2> ah

 17:27:07 <mdz> pleia2, so that's a CC action then?

 17:27:21 <pleia2> yeah, I'll take it

 17:27:50 <pleia2> czajkowski: action me to look into definition of chair on these boards and follow up with CC and TB?

 17:27:52 <czajkowski> #action pleia2 to start a thread on the role of a chair on boards

 17:27:52 * meetingology pleia2 to start a thread on the role of a chair on boards

 17:27:57 <mdz> thanks

 17:27:57 <pleia2> thanks :D

 17:28:04 <czajkowski> pleia2: np sorry in 2 meetings at once :)

 17:28:38 <czajkowski> any other comments from the TB members?

 17:28:53 <mdz> in general, the various descriptions of the TB's role feel dated these days

 17:29:07 <mdz> they talk about library versions and feature goals and so on

 17:29:33 <mdz> and don't really capture that, at the scale Ubuntu operates at today, the TB isn't involved day to day in any routine decision making

 17:30:28 <mdz> the de facto scope of the TB is to offer assistance in exceptional cases

 17:30:35 <czajkowski> mdz: would it be an idea for the board to update the description and mail the CC afterwards for review?

 17:30:46 <mdz> for example, if a team needs specific technical advice, or is having trouble reaching a consensus

 17:30:59 <cjwatson> gah, we didn't get rid of all that library versions stuff?  I thought we nuked that from our own description a while back

 17:31:14 <mdz> cjwatson, it's still on http://www.ubuntu.com/project/about-ubuntu/governance

 17:31:37 <mdz> https://wiki.ubuntu.com/TechnicalBoard is a little less specific but still doesn't describe the present scope very well IMO

 17:31:39 <cjwatson> grumble.  https://wiki.ubuntu.com/TechnicalBoard is marginally better but could still use improvement.

 17:31:53 <mdz> czajkowski, we could do that

 17:32:11 <pleia2> it doesn't strictly need our review, but we can offer feedback if needed

 17:32:18 <mdz> does that content belong on the website or on the wiki? it should only be in one place

 17:32:32 <mdz> I think for most teams, it's in the wiki

 17:32:46 <pleia2> the trouble with ubuntu.com is it requires a ticket and follow-up, it takes a while, so we want to make the website docs as simplified as possible

 17:32:55 <mdz> but the CC, TB and SABDFL also have (redundant?) content on the website

 17:33:10 <pleia2> yeah :\

 17:33:30 <pleia2> that has never been coordinated very well, I don't know who writes the content for the website or who they work with in the community

 17:33:44 <mdz> heh, it even says that the TB meetings alternate with CC, which I don't think is particularly accurate

 17:34:07 <mdz> pleia2, if you could let us know where the verbage should go, I can take a stab at writing it

 17:34:34 <pleia2> mdz: I'd say update the wiki and then we'll worry about the website

 17:34:36 <cjwatson> I think the last time we talked about this I pared down the website content to be just our headline description; I should have gone further and made it a link

 17:34:40 <mdz> ok

 17:34:47 <pleia2> cjwatson: yeah

 17:35:21 <pleia2> czajkowski: can you action mdz to update TB docs?

 17:35:23 <mdz> those are the things which came to mind for me

 17:35:35 <mdz> pleia2, I've got it

 17:35:39 <czajkowski> #action mdz update the TB docs

 17:35:39 * meetingology mdz update the TB docs

 17:35:40 <pleia2> thanks

 17:35:43 <mdz> we'll track it as a TB action

 17:35:47 <pleia2> great

 17:36:35 <mdz> cjwatson, anything else?

 17:37:02 <mdz> czajkowski, pleia2, is this the kind of thing you were looking for in the catch-up? this is the first one I've participated in

 17:37:14 <pleia2> mdz: yep! thanks for coming

 17:37:17 <czajkowski> mdz: yes thanks

 17:37:22 <mdz> the email mentioned "reviewing team reports together"

 17:37:27 <czajkowski> always nice to see how other boards are doing

 17:37:37 <czajkowski> mdz: indeed some boards do a monthly team report

 17:38:12 <pleia2> mdz: just under "might" cover :)

 17:38:20 <mdz> we used to do that, but AFAIK it was never more than a concatenation of the meeting minutes

 17:38:34 <mdz> do you want to look at those and let us know if you have any questions?

 17:38:41 <cjwatson> I fill in the TeamReports thing when I remember, which gets automatically concatenated

 17:38:50 <cjwatson> We have been extremely quiet of late, in general; not much stuff has come to us

 17:38:57 <czajkowski> nofd

 17:38:59 <pleia2> the benefit of team reports is they end up on https://wiki.ubuntu.com/TeamReports which is included in UWN so the broader community has a place to go to see all reports

 17:39:01 <czajkowski> nofd

 17:39:08 <cjwatson> For the most part I view this as a good sign since our scope has been moving in the direction of dispute resolution

 17:39:11 <mdz> oh, one other thing

 17:39:32 <cjwatson> We've had some discussions about being more proactive about "issues of the day", but they haven't tended to come to much and perhaps they're not a god idea

 17:39:35 <cjwatson> *good

 17:39:52 <czajkowski> cjwatson: at least you discussed it

 17:39:54 <mdz> the one recurring task (self)assigned to the TB, we've had trouble actually doing

 17:39:54 <czajkowski> :)

 17:39:57 <mdz> that being the brainstorm reviews

 17:40:16 <pleia2> mdz: is anyone else formally reviewing brainstorm?

 17:40:28 <mdz> pleia2, there are moderators who help garden it

 17:40:46 <mdz> pleia2, but "review" is maybe a misleading name for what was intended on behalf of the TB

 17:41:08 <pleia2> yeah, I think the idea of TB "review" was to find actionable development items

 17:41:11 <mdz> the goal was that the most popular ideas in brainstorm should elicit an official response from the project

 17:41:17 <cjwatson> The brainstorm reviews have been popular and (I think) useful when we've done them, but the last couple have been belated (I can hardly complain, since I started that trend apparently)

 17:41:30 <mdz> to use brainstorm as a tool for listening to the user community

 17:41:43 <mdz> maybe this is a sign that this should be delegated

 17:41:46 <mdz> we had a brief discussion about that

 17:41:52 <pleia2> I do think it's valuable thing

 17:42:03 <cjwatson> It's sort of like the big-and-fluffy equivalent of looking at the top crashers on errors.ubuntu.com

 17:42:16 <mdz> exactly

 17:43:10 <mdz> anyway, just an FYI for purposes of this meeting I guess. nothing for the CC to do I think

 17:43:13 <cjwatson> My feeling is that this does belong with the TB, but too many of our members are too busy; I don't know whether this view is shared

 17:43:24 <czajkowski> mdz: cjwatson is it meant to be done at the meeting  or via mailing list ?

 17:43:27 <mdz> of course I don't think we would turn away help :-)

 17:43:38 <pleia2> I don't think it needs to be very formal, maybe grab some more general devs in the community and ask them to help out?

 17:43:53 <cjwatson> czajkowski: too big for at a meeting, we've been rotating one member doing a review of the top ten (notionally) every three months

 17:43:55 <mdz> czajkowski, it's a medium sized project, which involves working with various people in other teams and getting their help writing responses and publishing them

 17:43:55 <pleia2> (it does seem that delegation is needed here)

 17:44:10 <cjwatson> which is supposed to involve going and talking with appropriate developers to get them to supply responses

 17:44:26 <cjwatson> when I did it I think I got something like a 60% response rate, which was lower than I'd hoped but wasn't bad

 17:44:27 <pleia2> cheesehead from brainstorm is quite the active community member, talking to him about what brings the most value may be useful too

 17:44:55 <cjwatson> it took me about three weeks elapsed time, probably about a day's total work

 17:45:02 <czajkowski> cjwatson: 3 months is a long time as well.

 17:45:17 <mdz> Ian Weisser offered help

 17:45:39 <pleia2> ah, good

 17:45:48 <mdz> the total amount of work across everyone involved makes it a sizeable effort

 17:46:01 <mdz> maybe an hour's work each, but for a dozen or so people

 17:46:08 <czajkowski> nods thanks for the explaination

 17:47:44 <mdz> anything else?

 17:47:50 <pleia2> I think that's it

 17:47:52 <czajkowski> nope I'm all good thanks

 17:47:54 <pleia2> thanks for coming

 17:48:17 <czajkowski> ok we'll move on

 17:48:23 <czajkowski> next person isn't about

 17:48:26 <czajkowski> AlanBell: ping

 17:48:29 <AlanBell> hi

 17:48:33 <pleia2> JC Hulce/soaringsky - are you here with another nickname?

 17:48:57 <pleia2> I'll follow up with them via email

 17:49:00 <czajkowski> pleia2: I did that already in /whois

 17:49:02 <czajkowski> #topic Election and appointment of the 5th member of the IRCC

 17:49:35 <czajkowski> AlanBell: thanks for coming

 17:50:18 <AlanBell> so the IRCC charter states we should have 5 members, back when this IRCC was appointed there were only 4 applicants

 17:50:39 <AlanBell> we decided to hold off on recruiting until the Q cycle, so now we are ready

 17:50:51 <czajkowski> great to hear

 17:50:56 <pleia2> great

 17:51:10 <AlanBell> the appointment process is here https://wiki.ubuntu.com/IRC/IrcCouncil

 17:51:57 <pleia2> AlanBell: last time a sitting member of the IRCC did the call for nominations, so I'd suggest moving forward with a similar process this time https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-irc/2011-November/001465.html

 17:52:11 <pleia2> send to the cc list, -irc and -news-team

 17:52:12 <czajkowski> AlanBell: do you have a time frame in mind

 17:52:33 <AlanBell> pleia2: ok, great, that bit wasn't so clear, I can do that

 17:52:46 <AlanBell> czajkowski: lets get on and do it

 17:53:07 <pleia2> https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-irc/2011-November/001467.html is the second email in that (he had to make some adjustments :))

 17:53:23 <pleia2> looks like the call was open for 2 weeks last time

 17:53:42 <czajkowski> AlanBell: great just be really clear on the date/deadlines

 17:53:45 <AlanBell> which takes it nicely to the end of the month if announced today

 17:53:53 * pleia2 nods

 17:54:10 <czajkowski> AlanBell: thanks for this

 17:54:44 <czajkowski> no actions from us from this

 17:54:54 <czajkowski> anything else?

 17:55:05 <pleia2> just a quick thing about the CoC

 17:55:05 <AlanBell> ok, so end of this month for applications, then we can start the vote during next month

 17:55:16 <pleia2> AlanBell: sounds good!

 17:55:29 <czajkowski> #topic Code of Conduct

 17:56:01 <pleia2> at UDS the CC met to discuss the proposed CoC again, cproffit blogged about it here and linked to the notes: http://ftbeowulf.wordpress.com/2012/05/10/uds-day-four-code-of-conduct-review/

 17:56:34 <pleia2> there have been some revisions based on this discussion (huge thanks to Laney in particular for his great feedback)

 17:56:51 <pleia2> but being post-UDS week, we're still catching up to make sure everything was addressed :)

 17:57:07 <pleia2> once we're at a good stopping point, we'll put it out to the community for another review before publishing

 17:57:31 <pleia2> that's it from me

 17:57:51 <czajkowski> great

 17:58:06 <czajkowski> #topic AOB

 17:58:10 <czajkowski> anything else ?

 17:58:39 <czajkowski> nope ok then

 17:58:50 <czajkowski> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)