#title #ubuntu-meeting Meeting

Meeting started by jsalisbury at 17:00:07 UTC.  The full logs are
available at
http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2012/ubuntu-meeting.2012-10-02-17.00.log.html
.



== Meeting summary ==

''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/KernelTeam/Meeting   (jsalisbury, 17:00:07)
''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/KernelTeam/ReleaseStatus/Quantal   (jsalisbury, 17:00:07)
 *ARM Status (ppisati)

 *Release Metrics and Incoming Bugs (jsalisbury)
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~kernel/reports/kt-meeting.txt   (jsalisbury, 17:01:19)

 *Milestone Targeted Work Items (ogasawara)
''LINK:'' http://status.ubuntu.com/ubuntu-quantal/canonical-kernel-distro-team-ubuntu-12.10.html   (ogasawara, 17:01:36)

 *Status: Quantal Development Kernel (ogasawara)

 *Status: CVE's (sconklin)
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~kernel/cve/pkg/ALL-linux.html   (sconklin, 17:02:50)
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~kernel/status/cve-metrics.txt   (sconklin, 17:02:50)
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~kernel/cve/pkg/CVE-linux.txt   (sconklin, 17:02:52)

 *Status: Stable, Security, and Bugfix Kernel Updates - Precise/Oneiric/Natty/Lucid/Hardy (bjf/herton/henrix)

 *Open Discussion or Questions? Raise your hand to be recognized (o/)



Meeting ended at 17:09:02 UTC.



== Votes ==




== Action items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * ogasawara (26)
 * jsalisbury (25)
 * henrix (13)
 * dhillon-v10 (10)
 * sconklin (10)
 * rtg (5)
 * ppisati (3)
 * meetingology (3)
 * herton (1)
 * smb (1)



== Full Log ==


 17:00:07 <jsalisbury> #startmeeting

 17:00:07 <meetingology> Meeting started Tue Oct  2 17:00:07 2012 UTC.  The chair is jsalisbury. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 17:00:07 <meetingology> 

 17:00:07 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 17:00:07 <jsalisbury> ##

 17:00:07 <jsalisbury> ## This is the Ubuntu Kernel Team weekly status meeting.

 17:00:07 <jsalisbury> ##

 17:00:07 <jsalisbury> [LINK] https://wiki.ubuntu.com/KernelTeam/Meeting

 17:00:07 <jsalisbury> [LINK] https://wiki.ubuntu.com/KernelTeam/ReleaseStatus/Quantal

 17:00:09 <jsalisbury> # Meeting Etiquette

 17:00:11 <jsalisbury> #

 17:00:15 <jsalisbury> # NOTE: '..' indicates that you are finished with your input.

 17:00:17 <jsalisbury> #       'o/' indicates you have something to add (please wait until you are recognized)

 17:00:19 <jsalisbury> Roll Call for Ubuntu Kernel Weekly Status Meeting

 17:00:21 <ppisati> o/

 17:00:25 <henrix> o/

 17:00:33 <dhillon-v10> o/

 17:00:41 <sconklin> o/

 17:00:42 <herton> o/

 17:00:42 <ogasawara> o/

 17:00:47 <rtg> o/

 17:00:59 <jsalisbury> [TOPIC] ARM Status (ppisati)

 17:01:00 <ppisati> Nothing new to report this week.

 17:01:01 * smb runs in

 17:01:01 <ppisati> ..

 17:01:19 <jsalisbury> [TOPIC] Release Metrics and Incoming Bugs (jsalisbury)

 17:01:19 <jsalisbury> Release metrics and incoming bug data can be reviewed at the following link:

 17:01:19 <jsalisbury> [LINK] http://people.canonical.com/~kernel/reports/kt-meeting.txt

 17:01:22 <jsalisbury> ..

 17:01:34 <jsalisbury> [TOPIC] Milestone Targeted Work Items (ogasawara)

 17:01:36 <ogasawara> [LINK] http://status.ubuntu.com/ubuntu-quantal/canonical-kernel-distro-team-ubuntu-12.10.html

 17:01:36 <ogasawara> || apw         || hardware-q-kernel-config-review || 3 work item  ||

 17:01:36 <ogasawara> ||             || hardware-q-kernel-delta-review  || 2 work items ||

 17:01:36 <ogasawara> ||             || hardware-q-kernel-misc          || 1 work item  ||

 17:01:37 <ogasawara> || ogasawara   || hardware-q-kernel-misc          || 2 work item  ||

 17:01:39 <ogasawara> ||             || hardware-q-kernel-version-and-flavors || 2 work items ||

 17:01:41 <ogasawara> ||             || desktop-q-xorg-lts-updates      || 1 work item  ||

 17:01:43 <ogasawara> apw and I will review and close our remaining work items as we approach

 17:01:45 <ogasawara> final release.

 17:01:47 <ogasawara> ..

 17:01:59 <jsalisbury> [TOPIC] Status: Quantal Development Kernel (ogasawara)

 17:02:04 <ogasawara> Last week we uploaded the 3.5.0-16.[24,25] kernels.  With Quantal kernel

 17:02:05 <ogasawara> freeze approaching in 2 days, we will upload one final kernel before

 17:02:05 <ogasawara> freeze by EOD tomorrow, Wed Oct 3.  Following kernel freeze all patches

 17:02:05 <ogasawara> are subject to the SRU policy and only critical bug fixes will warrent

 17:02:05 <ogasawara> an upload. Non critical bug fixes and changes will be targetted to the

 17:02:07 <ogasawara> first Quantal SRU kernel.

 17:02:09 <ogasawara> As usual, all kernels will also get uploaded to the q-lts-backport [1]

 17:02:11 <ogasawara> PPA to help facilitate testing of the 12.10 kernel in 12.04.  We welcome

 17:02:13 <ogasawara> anyone to please install, test, and let us know your feedback.

 17:02:15 <ogasawara> [1] https://launchpad.net/~ubuntu-x-swat/+archive/q-lts-backport

 17:02:17 <ogasawara> Important upcoming dates:

 17:02:19 <ogasawara> * Thurs Oct 4 - Kernel Freeze (2 days)

 17:02:21 <ogasawara> * Thurs Oct 9 - Final Freeze (~1 week)

 17:02:23 <ogasawara> * Thurs Oct 18 - 12.10 Final (~2 weeks)

 17:02:25 <ogasawara> ..

 17:02:43 <jsalisbury> [TOPIC] Status: CVE's (sconklin)

 17:02:49 <sconklin> == 2012-10-02 (weekly) ==

 17:02:49 <sconklin> Currently we have 41 CVEs on our radar, with no CVEs added or retired this week.

 17:02:50 <sconklin> See the CVE matrix for the current list:

 17:02:50 <sconklin> [LINK] http://people.canonical.com/~kernel/cve/pkg/ALL-linux.html

 17:02:50 <sconklin> Overall the backlog has decreased slightly this week:

 17:02:50 <sconklin> [LINK] http://people.canonical.com/~kernel/status/cve-metrics.txt

 17:02:52 <sconklin> [LINK] http://people.canonical.com/~kernel/cve/pkg/CVE-linux.txt

 17:02:54 <sconklin> ..

 17:03:07 <jsalisbury> [TOPIC] Status: Stable, Security, and Bugfix Kernel Updates - Precise/Oneiric/Natty/Lucid/Hardy (bjf/herton/henrix)

 17:03:13 <henrix> Here is the status for the main kernels, until today (October 02):

 17:03:13 <henrix> * Hardy - In Testing; 1 CVEs; (1 commits)

 17:03:13 <henrix> * Lucid - In Testing; 3 CVEs; (12 commits)

 17:03:13 <henrix> * Oneiric - In Testing; 2 CVEs; 1 upstream stable release(s); (54 commits)

 17:03:16 <henrix> * Precise - In Verification; 1 CVEs; 2 upstream stable release(s); (234 commits)

 17:03:19 <henrix> Current opened tracking bugs details:

 17:03:22 <henrix> * http://people.canonical.com/~kernel/reports/kernel-sru-workflow.html

 17:03:24 <henrix> For SRUs, SRU report is a good source of information:

 17:03:27 <henrix> * http://people.canonical.com/~kernel/reports/sru-report.html

 17:03:29 <henrix> Future stable cadence cycles:

 17:03:32 <henrix> * https://wiki.ubuntu.com/QuantalQuetzal/ReleaseInterlock

 17:03:34 <henrix> ..

 17:03:46 <jsalisbury> [TOPIC] Open Discussion or Questions? Raise your hand to be recognized (o/)

 17:03:53 <dhillon-v10> o/

 17:04:01 <jsalisbury> dhillon-v10, go ahead

 17:04:26 <dhillon-v10> hi all, okay so recently at KS there was a lot of discussion about module signing and I've been working on an approach i'd like to present and maybe get some feedback?

 17:05:08 <rtg> dhillon-v10, how is your approach different then david howell's ?

 17:05:21 <dhillon-v10> the idea is a hybrid between what chrome os does (I saw some of Kees's work) and what David Howell posted

 17:05:28 <dhillon-v10> rtg: just getting to t hat

 17:05:29 <dhillon-v10> *that

 17:05:58 <dhillon-v10> so specifically, I'm referring to patch 19 that in his patchset, that allows signatures to be added in the build process

 17:06:19 <rtg> dhillon-v10, so, given the complexity of module signing you'd likely be better off posting your ideas on teh kteam mailing list

 17:06:53 <dhillon-v10> rtg: do you think it's better to post there? alright then in that case i suppose i'm done here

 17:07:19 <rtg> dhillon-v10, we _are_ considering module signing, but just haven't fully thought it all through

 17:07:27 <sconklin> Yes, that also preserves the discussion and gives people in different time zones an ability to review it

 17:07:44 <rtg> ..

 17:08:12 <jsalisbury> Any other open discussion or questions?

 17:08:29 <dhillon-v10> rtg: right, the idea here is not to include all of David's signing stuff because it's very complicated, and I think I may have a simpler approach similar to how in the UEFI stuff, we are getting signed bootloaders IIRC

 17:08:33 <dhillon-v10> ..

 17:09:02 <jsalisbury> Thanks everyone

 17:09:02 <jsalisbury> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)