#title #ubuntu-meeting: Community Council

Meeting started by YokoZar at 17:03:31 UTC.  The full logs are available
at
http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2012/ubuntu-meeting.2012-07-19-17.03.log.html
.



== Meeting summary ==

 *IRC Council Checkup

 *Fixed Agenda Items -- Review last team report

 *Fixed Agenda Items -- Update team report



Meeting ended at 17:37:28 UTC.



== Votes ==




== Action items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * YokoZar (25)
 * AlanBell (22)
 * cprofitt (11)
 * czajkowski (7)
 * Pici (7)
 * Gwaihir (6)
 * IdleOne (6)
 * meetingology (3)
 * beuno (1)



== Full Log ==


 17:03:31 <YokoZar> #startmeeting Community Council

 17:03:31 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Jul 19 17:03:31 2012 UTC.  The chair is YokoZar. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 17:03:31 <meetingology> 

 17:03:31 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 17:04:13 <YokoZar> Hello everyone.  Looks like attendance might be sparse for this CC meeting, it conflicts with OS-Con :)

 17:04:55 <YokoZar> #topic IRC Council Checkup

 17:05:01 <AlanBell> sabdfl's talk is over, I watched it ;)

 17:05:21 <YokoZar> First we usually start with the council checkups -- Who from the IRC council is here? :)

 17:05:26 <AlanBell> me

 17:05:45 <AlanBell> Pici is too

 17:06:05 <Pici> \o

 17:06:12 <YokoZar> Well then, hello to you both :)

 17:06:18 <cprofitt> welcome Pici and AlanBell

 17:06:35 <AlanBell> Tm_T might also be around

 17:06:44 <Pici> Howdy

 17:06:57 <AlanBell> so, anything in particular you would like us to cover?

 17:08:29 <beuno> AlanBell, first of all, you've been awesome.

 17:08:38 <YokoZar> Well, the usual thing we like to do is find out if we're overlooking anything as well

 17:08:50 <AlanBell> :)

 17:08:58 <YokoZar> Such as opportunities for the CC to smooth things over with other groups/canonical

 17:09:06 <cprofitt> Yes, I will second that as well - awesome work AlanBell

 17:09:13 <AlanBell> so maybe I could run through some stuff since the last checkup

 17:09:29 <cprofitt> yes, please do.

 17:09:50 <AlanBell> we have a new batch of operators from when we processed all the queues

 17:10:23 <AlanBell> I arranged some training sessions for them this afternoon for next thursday and the week after

 17:10:41 <AlanBell> this was a bit later than planned, but we have been busy with other stuff too

 17:10:43 <Pici> We're also trialing a new on-topic Ubuntu centric discussion channel.

 17:11:11 <AlanBell> we went through an election process and filled the 5th seat on the council and are really happy to have tm_t as the new council member

 17:11:32 <AlanBell> he has an 18 month term so we all expire at the same time

 17:12:01 <AlanBell> yes, the new #ubuntu-discuss channel has been set up

 17:12:18 <YokoZar> Pici: AlanBell how "noisy" is #ubuntu-discuss these days?

 17:12:39 * YokoZar wonders if such a general chat concept can hold given enough growth

 17:12:45 <AlanBell> it could be a little noisier, there have been a number of interesting and productive discussions there

 17:12:47 <Pici> YokoZar: Not as busy as we had hoped, but we're still trying to nurture it.

 17:13:14 <AlanBell> it might not work out, but the only way to find out is to try it

 17:13:25 <cprofitt> I saw some plans to help people become more aware of alternate avenues of getting help -- like ask.ubuntu.com -- how is that going?

 17:14:05 <AlanBell> well those are certainly places we point people

 17:14:30 <AlanBell> including people who for whatever reason don't seem to be able to work constructively in the IRC environment

 17:14:55 <Pici> We added askubuntu to our 'other places to ask' factoid a while ago.

 17:15:22 * cprofitt likes factoids

 17:15:23 <Pici> And more recently, I've noticed more helpers suggest links from it as solutions.

 17:15:49 * YokoZar remembers a discussion with someone about how this and that distro had more people "ready to help in IRC" than Ubuntu.  I noted it was probably just a lack of alternative places to go.

 17:16:39 <IdleOne> if I may?

 17:16:45 <cprofitt> I give big kudos to folks that help in #ubuntu, there is a lot of volume in that chanel

 17:16:46 <YokoZar> Of course

 17:16:50 <cprofitt> IdleOne: always

 17:16:52 <IdleOne> There was some talk in #ubuntuforums about where they should do support if any and where they should send users looking for non forums type support. #ubuntu-beginners was one of the channels being thought of. I suggested that perhaps #ubuntu would be better because -beginners is not very busy. The stsaint and I mentioned it in the -ops-team channel so the rest of the team could be aware of what was going on

 17:16:55 <AlanBell> we also put together https://wiki.ubuntu.com/IRC/SupportersGuide as a guide for helpers

 17:17:34 <IdleOne> so, yeah we as a team need to start mentioning the forums and askubuntu a little more perhaps.

 17:17:34 <cprofitt> very nice wiki page AlanBell

 17:19:06 <czajkowski> AlanBell: nice work

 17:20:09 <cprofitt> Are you planning on making improvements in any other areas? Are there areas you need the assistance of the CC with?

 17:21:32 <AlanBell> I think we are OK for now, it was good to work with the CC for the election of Tm_T, but I don't think there is anything specific coming up that we need assistance with

 17:23:02 <Pici> I can't think of anything right now either.

 17:24:38 <YokoZar> All right, perhaps we should move on then

 17:24:42 <AlanBell> I was thinking of encouraging some more of our operators to apply for the next UDS

 17:24:48 <cprofitt> Great work guys -- thank you.

 17:25:09 <YokoZar> Speaking of UDS...

 17:25:54 <czajkowski> anything else?

 17:25:58 * YokoZar is still a bit unsure of if the mechanics of it have been settled.

 17:26:17 <AlanBell> thanks czajkowski cprofitt YokoZar o/

 17:26:38 <cprofitt> You are most welcome AlanBell -- a big thank you to the IRC Council and all the IRC OPs

 17:26:59 <AlanBell> yay, our ops are awesome

 17:27:17 <IdleOne> :) I'll take that compliment

 17:27:23 <YokoZar> #topic Fixed Agenda Items -- Review last team report

 17:27:29 <IdleOne> our irc council is aawesome too

 17:27:34 <IdleOne> -a

 17:28:05 <YokoZar> :)

 17:28:19 * YokoZar looks over last team reports

 17:29:41 <YokoZar> seems none was made for last meeting, but there is still an open question of the RT ticket with the forums.  Best to followup on email I think unless that's settled

 17:30:45 <YokoZar> #topic Fixed Agenda Items -- Update team report

 17:31:04 <YokoZar> Moving on, I need a cc volunteer to do the standard wiki page updates

 17:33:31 <Gwaihir> YokoZar, am updating the reports, at least linking the logs one are ready

 17:33:40 <Gwaihir> can update the wiki page too to reflect that

 17:34:04 <YokoZar> Excellent Gwaihir :)

 17:34:05 <Gwaihir> we need to send out emails to the LoCo Council about next catch up

 17:34:10 <Gwaihir> czajkowski, ^^

 17:35:03 <czajkowski> consider it done.

 17:35:09 <czajkowski> Gwaihir: that for the 2nd of August?

 17:35:41 <Gwaihir> czajkowski, yep, as long as we do not go on holidays :-)

 17:36:00 <czajkowski> no holidays are the following week for me :)

 17:36:09 <YokoZar> Ok, if Gwaihir is doing the wiki stuff and czajkowski is doing the reminder mail, then I think we done except for picking a next chair

 17:36:09 <czajkowski> a whole 9 days off irc!

 17:36:38 <YokoZar> which, honestly, we might as well do 2 minutes before the meeting as usual :D

 17:36:50 <czajkowski> YokoZar: or pick on beuno :)

 17:37:00 <Gwaihir> YokoZar, it is funnier :-)

 17:37:12 <YokoZar> I agree with volunteering beuno :D

 17:37:28 <YokoZar> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)