#title #ubuntu-meeting: Developer Membership Board

Meeting started by tumbleweed at 14:05:42 UTC.  The full logs are
available at
http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2012/ubuntu-meeting.2012-09-24-14.05.log.html
.



== Meeting summary ==

 *Review of previous action items
  *laney to delete network-manager packageset  (tumbleweed, 14:06:10)
  *stgraber to add ppu for lexical to fwts  (tumbleweed, 14:12:07)

 *any other business
''ACTION:'' tumbleweed to schedule a DMB session at UDS  (tumbleweed, 14:23:23)
''LINK:'' https://code.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-core-doc/ doesn't agree :)  (micahg, 14:27:11)



Meeting ended at 14:38:23 UTC.



== Votes ==




== Action items ==

 * tumbleweed to schedule a DMB session at UDS



== Action items, by person ==

 * tumbleweed
 ** tumbleweed to schedule a DMB session at UDS



== People present (lines said) ==

 * tumbleweed (39)
 * Laney (19)
 * micahg (19)
 * bdrung (15)
 * stgraber (14)
 * cjwatson (6)
 * meetingology (4)
 * xnox (3)
 * ogra_ (2)



== Full Log ==


 14:05:42 <tumbleweed> #startmeeting Developer Membership Board

 14:05:42 <meetingology> Meeting started Mon Sep 24 14:05:42 2012 UTC.  The chair is tumbleweed. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 14:05:42 <meetingology> 

 14:05:42 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 14:05:53 <tumbleweed> #topic Review of previous action items

 14:06:10 <tumbleweed> #subtopic laney to delete network-manager packageset

 14:06:19 <tumbleweed> I assume that's blocked on my LP branch

 14:06:47 <Laney> yeah, that

 14:06:55 <Laney> how's that going

 14:06:56 <Laney> ?

 14:07:01 <tumbleweed> nobody is reviewing it

 14:07:20 <Laney> naughty OCR?

 14:07:29 <micahg> tumbleweed: have you tried to get someone in #launchpad-dev to review it?

 14:07:34 <Laney> or nobody likes to touch soyuz?

 14:07:42 <tumbleweed> the soyuz problem

 14:08:39 <bdrung> nobody want's to touch the old Russian technology? ;)

 14:08:51 <tumbleweed> rick_h punted to wgrant or SteveK, but neither of them have looked at i tyet

 14:09:04 <Laney> cjwatson: are you able to review LP MPs? ;-)

 14:10:03 <cjwatson> Laney: No

 14:10:18 <cjwatson> Laney: Nagging #launchpad-dev generally works for me

 14:10:35 <Laney> apparently there's some kind of fear factor

 14:10:40 <Laney> so it should be more targetted

 14:10:42 * tumbleweed shall nag harder

 14:10:48 <tumbleweed> it's a *trivial* patch

 14:10:54 <cjwatson> Laney: Like I say, it works for me for my extremely Soyuz-heavy MP distribution

 14:11:01 <cjwatson> Sure, the odd reviewer gives

 14:11:02 <cjwatson> up

 14:11:15 <cjwatson> But I've had plenty of reviewers other than William and Steve deal with my patches as well

 14:11:23 <tumbleweed> I need feedback on style and deletion semantics more than anything else

 14:11:42 <tumbleweed> anyway, that's blocking all the action items, that I can see

 14:12:04 <tumbleweed> except

 14:12:07 <tumbleweed> #subtopic stgraber to add ppu for lexical to fwts

 14:12:16 <tumbleweed> done, according to the minutes

 14:12:21 <stgraber> yep

 14:12:30 <tumbleweed> so

 14:12:33 <tumbleweed> #topic any other business

 14:12:49 <bdrung> do we want to discuss libreoffice?

 14:15:57 <bdrung> who will be at the UDS?

 14:15:59 <micahg> o/ for AOB

 14:16:18 * tumbleweed will

 14:16:31 * bdrung will be (thanks to being sponsored)

 14:16:39 <tumbleweed> (yeah, that)

 14:16:43 <micahg> we actually won't have a meeting scheduled for UDS this time :)

 14:16:45 <Laney> everyone?!

 14:16:55 <Laney> that's sad :(

 14:16:58 <Laney> the UDS meetings are fun

 14:17:00 <stgraber> I'll be there

 14:17:02 <micahg> we can still meet to plan though :)

 14:17:13 <bdrung> do we want a meeting?

 14:17:13 * xnox a bunch of rebels

 14:17:31 <Laney> #vote ban xnox

 14:17:32 <Laney> +1

 14:17:45 <Laney> :-)

 14:17:51 * xnox told you so

 14:17:54 <tumbleweed> +1 on UDS meetings being fun

 14:18:00 * xnox probably will be banned now....

 14:18:24 <bdrung> tumbleweed: then let's schedule one

 14:18:29 <stgraber> I'm sure we can arrange a special DMB meeting for any applicant at UDS :)

 14:19:06 <tumbleweed> do we also want a private UDS meeting?

 14:19:20 <tumbleweed> bdrung: prepared to organise it?

 14:19:23 * micahg would actually prefer to keep the extra sessions to a minimum as UDS is only 4 days this time around (well, time permitting, sure, why not)

 14:19:24 <stgraber> however, if we do, I'd prefer we don't have another meeting to discuss the DMB itself as UDS is a day shorter and I'm pretty sure my list of stuff to discuss won't be...

 14:19:44 <bdrung> tumbleweed: i will be on vacation tomorrow

 14:20:18 * stgraber is always happy to discuss DMB stuff over lunch though

 14:20:22 <tumbleweed> well, what's more important to us then?

 14:21:02 <tumbleweed> applicants?

 14:21:50 <stgraber> I don't think we really have that many stuff to discuss outside of applicants. So I think we should schedule one public meeting. If we have applicants, we'll take them, if we don't, we'll discuss DMB stuff for an hour

 14:22:07 <tumbleweed> works for me

 14:22:20 <bdrung> me too

 14:22:30 <tumbleweed> I suspect we'll be doing some hallway discussion on PPU issues

 14:23:23 <tumbleweed> #action tumbleweed to schedule a DMB session at UDS

 14:23:23 * meetingology tumbleweed to schedule a DMB session at UDS

 14:23:31 <tumbleweed> micahg: you had something?

 14:23:59 <micahg> yeah

 14:24:56 <micahg> so, the issue came up last week that a docs team member couldn't upload docs for a derivative even thought the docs are owned by the docs team, I was wondering if we should be proactive here and create a docs packageset and invite people to apply for it

 14:25:11 <micahg> (someone with upload rights to ubuntu-docs already)

 14:25:44 <bdrung> sounds good

 14:26:37 <stgraber> well, in most cases flavours have a completely separate doc team from ~ubuntu-docs, so not having upload rights makes sense...

 14:27:04 <ogra_> sudo sync

 14:27:09 <ogra_> oops

 14:27:11 <micahg> https://code.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-core-doc/ doesn't agree :)

 14:27:50 <tumbleweed> if there are people who need this, I'd say invite the applicants, but no need to create the packageset until we have a member

 14:28:22 <bdrung> +1 for tumbleweed's suggestion

 14:28:29 <micahg> tumbleweed: right, yeah, was thinking to discuss with the person in question and if desired have a formal application proposed

 14:28:57 <tumbleweed> ok

 14:29:43 * micahg guesses that's not what he originally said, but makes more sense

 14:31:17 <tumbleweed> anything else?

 14:31:36 <bdrung> no

 14:31:42 <tumbleweed> next chair

 14:31:59 <tumbleweed> stgraber: I guess

 14:32:26 <micahg> date of next meeting?

 14:33:02 <bdrung> October, 8th according to our plan

 14:33:05 <micahg> Oct 8 is a legal holiday in US and CA

 14:33:09 <stgraber> I won't be there on the 8th

 14:33:14 * micahg neither

 14:33:33 <stgraber> IIRC both barry and cody-somerville said they wouldn't either

 14:33:40 <tumbleweed> tsk tsk - it's a public holiday here today (national braai day)

 14:34:14 <tumbleweed> ok, so Oct 22nd

 14:34:17 <stgraber> tumbleweed: yeah, the fact that it's a public holiday doesn't really matter to me, it's more the fact that I'll be coming back from a conference and preparing a trip to Europe ;)

 14:34:30 <bdrung> i will be there on Oct. 8th

 14:34:41 * tumbleweed can make the 8th

 14:34:43 <Laney> can't we just have it on the 15th?

 14:35:04 <micahg> and then another meeting on the 22nd?

 14:35:07 <Laney> no

 14:35:17 <micahg> push off a week so we can have one at UDS ;)

 14:35:23 <micahg> (that was a question)

 14:35:24 <Laney> a happy ending for all

 14:35:25 <bdrung> i should be able to attend on the 15th

 14:35:33 <Laney> just shift by a week

 14:36:00 <tumbleweed> as long as we don't clash with the techboard

 14:36:04 <stgraber> 15th would work, though I'd appreciate if we can shift it back post-UDS as otherwise we risk getting in conflicts with the TB meeting

 14:36:24 <Laney> silly TB

 14:36:31 <micahg> well, the meetings are only supposed to be 1 hr

 14:36:41 <stgraber> (oh, and I also kinda like "working" on Mondays so if I can avoid having 2 hours worth of IRC meetings on the same day, that'd be nice ;))

 14:37:00 * micahg already has that :)

 14:37:34 <stgraber> yeah, I have that on Wednesdays, so not looking forward to having more of that ;)

 14:37:53 <tumbleweed> 15th, UDS, back to the normal schedule?

 14:38:00 * bdrung agrees

 14:38:06 <stgraber> sounds good

 14:38:09 <tumbleweed> done

 14:38:23 <tumbleweed> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)