#title #ubuntu-meeting Meeting

Meeting started by mdeslaur at 18:14:56 UTC.  The full logs are
available at
http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2012/ubuntu-meeting.2012-07-16-18.14.log.html
.



== Meeting summary ==

''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting   (mdeslaur, 18:15:06)
 *Review of any previous action items

 *Weekly stand-up report

 *Highlighted packages
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/mysql-gui-tools.html   (mdeslaur, 18:26:38)
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/libyaml-libyaml-perl.html   (mdeslaur, 18:26:41)
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/libphp-jpgraph.html   (mdeslaur, 18:26:45)
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/mplayer2.html   (mdeslaur, 18:26:49)
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/libipc-pubsub-perl.html   (mdeslaur, 18:26:54)

 *Miscellaneous and Questions



Meeting ended at 18:28:33 UTC.



== Votes ==




== Action items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * mdeslaur (29)
 * tyhicks (9)
 * sbeattie (8)
 * jjohansen (6)
 * micahg (3)
 * meetingology (3)
 * ubottu (1)



== Full Log ==


 18:14:56 <mdeslaur> #startmeeting

 18:14:56 <meetingology> Meeting started Mon Jul 16 18:14:56 2012 UTC.  The chair is mdeslaur. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 18:14:56 <meetingology> 

 18:14:56 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 18:15:06 <mdeslaur> The meeting agenda can be found at:

 18:15:06 <mdeslaur> [LINK] https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting

 18:15:28 <mdeslaur> [TOPIC] Review of any previous action items

 18:15:37 <mdeslaur> sbeattie pushed out kees' xorg update, \o/

 18:15:44 <mdeslaur> [TOPIC] Weekly stand-up report

 18:15:47 <mdeslaur> I'll go first

 18:16:00 <mdeslaur> so this week I'm in the happy place

 18:16:06 <mdeslaur> I've got some embargoed issues I'm looking at

 18:16:11 <mdeslaur> and am trying to get kdepim built

 18:16:25 <mdeslaur> also am working on the python rewrite of the vm-hacks

 18:16:30 <mdeslaur> that's it for me

 18:16:32 <mdeslaur> sbeattie: you're up

 18:17:12 <sbeattie> I'm on triage this week, since jdstrand and I swapped.

 18:18:22 <sbeattie> Speaking of the xorg update, I'll be shepherding a revert of a couple of prior SRU fixes that introduced regressions .

 18:18:44 <sbeattie> (because they were pulled into the security pocket with the security update)

 18:18:48 <mdeslaur> \o/

 18:18:57 <sbeattie> yeah, whee.

 18:19:14 <sbeattie> I have an embargoed issue on my plate.

 18:20:04 <sbeattie> And after that, I'll move on to some of my work items that are feeling neglected.

 18:20:11 <sbeattie> I think that's it for me.

 18:20:18 <sbeattie> micahg: you're up!

 18:20:42 <micahg> webkit, piloting, mozilla training

 18:20:55 <micahg> I think that's it

 18:21:42 <tyhicks> I'm handling community this week (but won't have a chance to get to it until mid-week)

 18:21:42 <micahg> tyhicks: next

 18:22:01 <tyhicks> I'm doing Mozilla release testing today

 18:22:21 <tyhicks> Hopefully there are no surprises and firefox 14.0.1 and thunderbird 14.0 can go out to the stable releases tomorrow

 18:23:09 <tyhicks> After that, I'll work on the rubygems update and a work item

 18:23:24 <tyhicks> probably the auditd work item, but I need to look over the list again

 18:23:46 <mdeslaur> tyhicks: make sure you pick one of the essential ones

 18:23:46 <tyhicks> There will also be a little preparation for the upcoming 3.6 kernel merge window

 18:24:08 <tyhicks> mdeslaur: ack - I'm not sure if that one is essential, so I'll make sure before I start

 18:24:13 <tyhicks> I think that is it for me

 18:24:17 <tyhicks> jjohansen: You're up

 18:24:25 <jjohansen> I need to poke at debian 679597 to make sure the confirmed fix gets pulled in to wheezy (so just poking people to make sure it gets done).

 18:24:25 <jjohansen> I am sprinting with the kernel team wed and thurs to go over the reactive kernel work (work flow, deferred cves..)

 18:24:25 <jjohansen> I need to hand the dbus patches over to sbeattie so that he can have fun with them.

 18:24:26 <ubottu> Debian bug 679597 in apparmor "apparmor: AppArmor totally broken" [Grave,Open] http://bugs.debian.org/679597

 18:25:12 <jjohansen> I need to finish debugging and push out the current set of 4 items/features I have been working on for apparmor

 18:25:39 <jjohansen> and if I get really ambitious maybe file a bug on the uefi upgrade fun I hit

 18:26:09 <jjohansen> mdeslaur: back to you

 18:26:17 <mdeslaur> [TOPIC] Highlighted packages

 18:26:26 <mdeslaur> The Ubuntu Security team will highlight some community-supported packages that might be good candidates for updating and or triaging. If you would like to help Ubuntu and not sure where to start, this is a great way to do so.

 18:26:26 <mdeslaur> See https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/UpdateProcedures for details and if you have any questions, feel free to ask in #ubuntu-security. To find out other ways of helping out, please see https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/GettingInvolved.

 18:26:38 <mdeslaur> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/mysql-gui-tools.html

 18:26:41 <mdeslaur> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/libyaml-libyaml-perl.html

 18:26:45 <mdeslaur> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/libphp-jpgraph.html

 18:26:49 <mdeslaur> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/mplayer2.html

 18:26:54 <mdeslaur> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/libipc-pubsub-perl.html

 18:27:05 <mdeslaur> [TOPIC] Miscellaneous and Questions

 18:27:16 <mdeslaur> There are a lot of merge opportunities for packages listed in http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/d2u/. Performing these updates is a great way to help Ubuntu and bolster your developer application.

 18:27:22 <mdeslaur> Does anyone have any other questions or items to discuss?

 18:28:20 <mdeslaur> <crickets>

 18:28:27 <mdeslaur> Thanks everyone!

 18:28:33 <mdeslaur> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)