#title #ubuntu-meeting Meeting

Meeting started by jdstrand at 18:00:18 UTC.  The full logs are
available at
http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2012/ubuntu-meeting.2012-03-12-18.00.log.html
.



== Meeting summary ==

''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting   (jdstrand, 18:00:31)
 *Announcements

 *Review of any previous action items

 *Weekly stand-up report

 *Highlighted packages
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/bip.html   (jdstrand, 18:13:58)
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/open-vm-tools.html   (jdstrand, 18:14:02)
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/mn-fit.html   (jdstrand, 18:14:05)
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/opensaml2.html   (jdstrand, 18:14:08)
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/egroupware-egw-pear.html   (jdstrand, 18:14:11)

 *Miscellaneous and Questions



Meeting ended at 18:21:27 UTC.



== Votes ==




== Action items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * jdstrand (34)
 * sbeattie (8)
 * tyhicks (8)
 * mdeslaur (6)
 * micahg (3)
 * meetingology (3)
 * jjohansen (3)
 * ubottu (1)



== Full Log ==


 18:00:18 <jdstrand> #startmeeting

 18:00:18 <meetingology> Meeting started Mon Mar 12 18:00:18 2012 UTC.  The chair is jdstrand. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 18:00:18 <meetingology> 

 18:00:18 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 18:00:29 <jdstrand> The meeting agenda can be found at:

 18:00:31 <jdstrand> [LINK] https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting

 18:00:54 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Announcements

 18:01:01 <jdstrand> Kilian Krause (kilian) provided debdiffs for oneiric for fex (DSAs 2414)

 18:01:06 <jdstrand> Your work is very much appreciated and will keep Ubuntu users secure. Great job! :)

 18:01:13 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Review of any previous action items

 18:01:19 * jdstrand jdstrand to setup ubuntu-security-staging ppa and communicate to team: done

 18:01:29 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Weekly stand-up report

 18:01:33 <jdstrand> I'll go first

 18:01:44 <jdstrand> I'm in the happy place this week

 18:02:22 <jdstrand> while I did make some headway on MIR audits, I have 8 left, most for the server team. I plan to work on those this week

 18:02:33 <jdstrand> I've got an embargoed issue I am working on

 18:03:01 <jdstrand> one of these days I hope to be done with both

 18:03:14 <jdstrand> I've got a short week this week and am taking friday off

 18:03:21 <jdstrand> mdeslaur: you're up

 18:03:31 <mdeslaur> I'm on community this week

 18:03:39 <mdeslaur> and am currently looking at an embargoed issue

 18:03:50 <mdeslaur> I released the mysql updates this morning

 18:04:00 <mdeslaur> and will pick something from the list once that,s done

 18:04:03 <mdeslaur> that's about it from me

 18:04:06 <mdeslaur> sbeattie: you're up

 18:04:18 <sbeattie> I'm on triage this week

 18:04:36 <sbeattie> Otherwise, my focus is on apparmor

 18:04:45 <sbeattie> That's pretty much it for me.

 18:04:47 <jdstrand> sbeattie: quick question

 18:04:52 <sbeattie> jdstrand: ayep

 18:05:27 <jdstrand> sbeattie: eglibc is still showing up as having 1 medium open. is that the precise CVE you just filed a bug on?

 18:05:33 <sbeattie> yes

 18:05:41 <jdstrand> ok good, that'll float out then

 18:05:44 * jdstrand is done

 18:05:59 <sbeattie> yeah, I just posted the debdiff (packaging branch appears to be out of date)

 18:06:21 <sbeattie> thanks.

 18:06:25 <sbeattie> micahg: poke

 18:06:59 <micahg> it's mozilla release week, I'll be focusing on that and the icedtea regression that I haven't pushed out yet, webkit when that's over

 18:07:29 <micahg> tyhicks: poke

 18:07:40 <tyhicks> I'm in the happy place this week

 18:07:43 <jdstrand> micahg: do you expect the fix for the icedtea regression to be done this week?

 18:07:57 <micahg> jdstrand: yes

 18:08:06 <jdstrand> thanks

 18:08:33 <tyhicks> I am finally wrapping up the fix for bug 842647

 18:08:35 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 842647 in eCryptfs "[git] file blocks duplicated at the end of the file" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/842647

 18:09:35 <tyhicks> I've had a hard time manually reproducing it lately and failed several times at getting an automated reproducer for it, so I'm currently building precise and oneiric kernels to let the bug reporters verify the fix for me.

 18:10:24 <tyhicks> As long as they say it is ok, all I have left to do is push it to my -next branch and wait for the 3.4 merge window to open to get it upstream

 18:10:53 <tyhicks> In other words, I'm mostly done with it. (I'll update the bug when the kernels finish building)

 18:11:07 <tyhicks> So my focus this week will be on freetype and gnutls updates

 18:11:14 <tyhicks> That's it for me

 18:11:32 <tyhicks> jjohansen: Your turn

 18:11:59 <jjohansen> Well this week, I am fixing apparmor bugs, sending another iteration of apparmor patches upstream, and working towards closing a few more of my remaining work items.

 18:12:39 <jjohansen> I suppose I should also push a apparmor beta3 release out towards the end of the week

 18:13:21 <jjohansen> jdstrand: back to you

 18:13:42 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Highlighted packages

 18:13:46 <jdstrand> The Ubuntu Security team will highlight some community-supported packages that might be good candidates for updating and or triaging. If you would like to help Ubuntu and not sure where to start, this is a great way to do so.

 18:13:50 <jdstrand> See https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/UpdateProcedures for details and if you have any questions, feel free to ask in #ubuntu-security. To find out other ways of helping out, please see https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/GettingInvolved.

 18:13:58 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/bip.html

 18:14:02 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/open-vm-tools.html

 18:14:05 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/mn-fit.html

 18:14:08 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/opensaml2.html

 18:14:11 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/egroupware-egw-pear.html

 18:14:19 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Miscellaneous and Questions

 18:14:23 <jdstrand> Does anyone have any other questions or items to discuss?

 18:21:24 <jdstrand> mdeslaur, sbeattie, micahg, tyhicks, jjohansen: thanks

 18:21:27 <jdstrand> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)