#title #ubuntu-meeting Meeting

Meeting started by cjwatson at 15:02:51 UTC.  The full logs are
available at
http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2012/ubuntu-meeting.2012-07-18-15.02.log.html
.



== Meeting summary ==

 *lightning round

 *bugs

 *AOB



Meeting ended at 15:56:20 UTC.



== Votes ==




== Action items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * stgraber (65)
 * cjwatson (63)
 * infinity (55)
 * ubottu (52)
 * ev (32)
 * ogra_ (27)
 * bdmurray (16)
 * jodh (15)
 * barry (11)
 * slangasek (4)
 * ScottK (3)
 * meetingology (3)



== Full Log ==


 15:02:51 <cjwatson> #startmeeting

 15:02:51 <meetingology> Meeting started Wed Jul 18 15:02:51 2012 UTC.  The chair is cjwatson. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 15:02:51 <meetingology> 

 15:02:51 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 15:02:56 <ogra_> is that nafallo ?

 15:03:08 <cjwatson> dunno :)

 15:03:13 <cjwatson> #topic lightning round

 15:03:15 <ogra_> :)

 15:03:16 <cjwatson> $ echo $(shuf -e barry bdmurray cjwatson ev infinity jodh ogra stgraber)

 15:03:16 <cjwatson> stgraber cjwatson ogra barry jodh bdmurray ev infinity

 15:03:21 <stgraber> I win!

 15:03:30 * infinity naps.

 15:03:31 <stgraber> - Containers

 15:03:31 <stgraber> - Discussed implementation of set_config_item and clear_config_item in the LXC API.

 15:03:31 <cjwatson> sorry if I forgot anyone, directory is down for me which of course means I have no idea who's on this team :-P

 15:03:34 <stgraber> - Update python binding for these two, waiting for get_keys() to then work on the network part of the python module.

 15:03:37 <stgraber> - Networking

 15:03:39 <stgraber> - Extended IPv6 testing to include basic NetworkManager testing.

 15:03:42 <stgraber> - Discovered NetworkManager doesn't support veth devices and so wouldn't run in a container. Wrote a patch, submitted to cyphermox for inclusion.

 15:03:45 <stgraber> - Installer

 15:03:47 <stgraber> - Tested open-iscsi, updated partman-iscsi to work with the new open-iscsi.

 15:03:50 <stgraber> - 12.04.1

 15:03:53 <stgraber> - 12.04.1 team meeting and minutes

 15:03:55 <stgraber> - Went through all the targeted/milestoned bugs for 12.04.1, assigned a bunch to ~canonical-foundations, updated the status for some others.

 15:03:58 <stgraber> - Verified a bunch of SRUs.

 15:04:01 <stgraber> - Uploaded new ubiquity to precise-proposed.

 15:04:03 <stgraber> - Updated sru-report to properly deal with verification-done-$release

 15:04:06 <stgraber> - Other

 15:04:08 <stgraber> - Reviewed change to re-introduce slapd-smbk5pwd (built from openldap) as heimdal-dev is already a build-dep and that package is important for Zentyal.

 15:04:11 <stgraber> - Some queuebot work, trying to make the new version more stable (currently running in production) and ready for the new features discussed at UDS

 15:04:14 <stgraber> - Some ARB app review, the app showdown made the ARB New queue reach 140 packages... Still 50 to review...

 15:04:17 <stgraber> - TODO this week

 15:04:20 <stgraber> - Finish reviewing/triaging ppp and libnl-3 bugs, then start looking at SRUs for the network packages.

 15:04:23 <stgraber> - Go through the pending-sru and help for these that are stuck on verification-needed

 15:04:26 <stgraber> (DONE)

 15:04:40 <cjwatson> Holiday on Tuesday.

 15:04:41 <cjwatson> Launchpad and archive administration:

 15:04:41 <cjwatson> * Fixed showing failed asynchronous copies in the PPA UI (bug 812869), so it should be possible to make PPA copies asynchronous soon.

 15:04:43 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 812869 in Launchpad itself "Failed PackageCopyJobs should show up on the PPA page somehow" [Low,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/812869

 15:04:44 <cjwatson> * Fixed a couple of bugs in PackageDiff privacy (bug 1023986, bug 1025515).

 15:04:46 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1023986 in Launchpad itself ""Available diffs" are not accessible when publishing private packages via copyPackage() " [Low,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1023986

 15:04:47 <cjwatson> * Experimental freeze to battle-test new queue API client.  Failed with a timeout after a couple of days, so we can work on that and try again later.

 15:04:48 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1025515 in Launchpad itself "LP diffs are being linked at http://lplibrarian-private-download.internal:8000" [Critical,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1025515

 15:04:50 <cjwatson> * Posted branch to remove duplicates from ArchivePermission (bug 1025441).

 15:04:51 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1025441 in Launchpad itself "Please clean up the duplicates from archivepermission" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1025441

 15:04:53 <cjwatson> * Adjusted sru-report to use a separate launchpadlib cache so that it doesn't break so often.

 15:04:56 <cjwatson> * Some progress on arranging for per-pocket queue admin permissions, but still incomplete and may need a bit more database schema work.

 15:04:59 <cjwatson> Installer:

 15:05:01 <cjwatson> * Fixed bug 1023036, which caused intermittent failures in automatic tests (and took ages to reproduce).

 15:05:02 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1023036 in ubiquity (Ubuntu Quantal) "Error on /usr/share/ubiquity/plugininstall.py", line 1687, affecting desktop images (preseeded install)" [Critical,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1023036

 15:05:04 <cjwatson> * Fixed a couple of encrypted swap handling bugs (bug 1024343, bug 989279).

 15:05:07 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1024343 in ubiquity (Ubuntu) "Quantal desktop encrypted home unable to install due to ubi-usersetup failing with exit code 1" [Critical,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1024343

 15:05:07 <cjwatson> Other:

 15:05:09 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 989279 in ubiquity (Ubuntu Precise) "Ubiquity fails to create encrypted home directory when no swap if configured" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/989279

 15:05:10 <cjwatson> * Various rebuilds for new imagemagick ABI.

 15:05:12 <cjwatson> * SRU for bug 970638 in psmisc.

 15:05:13 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 970638 in psmisc (Ubuntu Precise) "killall can't kill processes with names >15 bytes long (Ubuntu 12.04)" [Medium,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/970638

 15:05:15 <cjwatson> * Made various things pass pep8(1).

 15:05:17 <cjwatson> ..

 15:05:26 <ogra_> done:

 15:05:26 <ogra_> * omap4 desktop image fixes (flash-kernel, installer etc)

 15:05:26 <ogra_> * ac100 desktop image fixes (ac100-tarball-installer, flash-kernel etc)

 15:05:26 <ogra_> * research why server preinstalled didnt build (thanks to slangasek for helping)

 15:05:26 <ogra_> * package new nvidia-tegra driver

 15:05:29 <ogra_> * test new tegra kernel

 15:05:31 <ogra_> * some work on foundations-q-hwpack-integration

 15:05:33 <ogra_> * flash-kernel SRUs

 15:05:35 <ogra_> todo:

 15:05:37 <ogra_> * more work on foundations-q-hwpack-integration

 15:05:39 <ogra_> * prepare for QA sprint

 15:05:41 <ogra_> * switch on server alternate builds for omap4

 15:05:43 <ogra_> * research netinst omap4 breakage

 15:05:45 <ogra_> ..

 15:05:55 <barry> short week due to holiday; continued working on the xapian py3 port using cython, hit some roadblocks so progress has slowed; worked on the py27 for lucid ppa, trying to fix the ctypes crash so the lp folks can start to use it; patch piloted: lengthy review of upmgr branch, investigated and eventually sync'd from unstable, py32.  done.

 15:06:29 <jodh> * misc: Holiday last week.

 15:06:29 <jodh> * boot/upstart: Stateful re-exec progress continues:

 15:06:29 <jodh> - Created D-Bus branch with new public API to recreate a D-Bus

 15:06:29 <jodh> connection from a file descriptor (required for stateful re-exec):

 15:06:32 <jodh> lp:~jamesodhunt/dbus/create-connection-from-fd

 15:06:36 <jodh> Needs testing (once Upstart catches up) and ideally a way to

 15:06:39 <jodh> query a connections address to make usage easier.

 15:06:42 <jodh> - Currently working on the JSON-encoding of blocked objects for Upstart.

 15:06:45 <jodh> ⠗

 15:06:52 <infinity> Tetris?

 15:06:59 <jodh> braille

 15:07:11 <jodh> can't you feel it?

 15:07:21 <infinity> *groan*

 15:07:25 <bdmurray> wrote a bug pattern for bug 1023055

 15:07:25 <bdmurray> uploaded a rebuilt ubuntu-release-upgrader to fix bug 1023055

 15:07:25 <bdmurray> uploaded of kerneloops to quantal turning it on

 15:07:25 <bdmurray> apport upload to precise-proposed to collect /etc/default/grub - bug 1006633

 15:07:27 <barry> owww

 15:07:27 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1023055 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu Quantal) "do-release-upgrade crashed with ImportError in /usr/lib/ubuntu-release-upgrader/check-new-release: No module named DistUpgrade.DistUpgradeVersion" [High,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1023055

 15:07:28 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1006633 in apport (Ubuntu Precise) "should collect /etc/default/grub from package install failures due to update-grub failing" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1006633

 15:07:28 <bdmurray> modified search-recent-package-bugs-for-spikes to use urllib and work for any team

 15:07:38 <bdmurray> added search-recent-package-bugs-for-spikes to ubuntu-reports

 15:07:38 <bdmurray> arsenal modification to collect-bug-data to filter by days-in-importance

 15:07:38 <bdmurray> setup of reopened, recent-triaged, recent-confirmed and recently set to high or critical bug tasks reports on cranberry using arsenal

 15:07:40 <cjwatson> barry: any roadblocks I can assist with beyond the conversation we had the other day?

 15:07:41 <bdmurray> modified lpltk to deal with bug tasks that don't have date_ for a status

 15:07:50 <bdmurray> modified lpltk to be able to filter on the date the importance of a bug was set

 15:07:53 <bdmurray> modified sru-report to sort by days package has been out

 15:07:55 <bdmurray> sru-report: make bugs golden colored if they have comments since being uploaded

 15:07:58 <bdmurray> reported launchpad bug 1023592 regarding missing date_ transition data

 15:08:00 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1023592 in Launchpad itself "opening a new with a status of In Progess does not set date_in_progress" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1023592

 15:08:01 <bdmurray> done

 15:08:02 <barry> cjwatson: perhaps we can chat after this meeting

 15:08:10 <cjwatson> bdmurray: recent sru-report changes are pretty handy, thanks

 15:08:12 <cjwatson> barry: sure

 15:08:27 <ev> - Short week; holiday on Monday.

 15:08:27 <ev> - Implemented the recoverable errors API and Martin uploaded it to Quantal.

 15:08:27 <ev> Just need to adequately document it now and open up daisy.ubuntu.com to

 15:08:27 <ev> receive these reports.

 15:08:36 <ev> - Sat down with Matthew and walked through the http://errors.ubuntu.com UI,

 15:08:37 <ev> identifying some design problems.

 15:08:37 <ev> - We now show 6 months worth of data on the average errors per day graph.

 15:08:37 <ev> The graph itself now lets you zoom in on a particular area and uses the

 15:08:37 <ev> secondary color scheme design has been working on.

 15:08:45 <ev> - The erroneous '(not' entries are no longer added to the Last Seen field (I

 15:08:45 <ev> still need to clear the existing ones).

 15:08:45 <ev> - The navigation now shares the site navigation from qa.ubuntu.com. I need

 15:08:45 <ev> to coordinate getting Errors linked to from there as well.

 15:08:45 <ev> - I've written code to put individual lines for each Ubuntu release on the

 15:08:45 <ev> average errors per day graph. I have a pending RT for deploying this.

 15:08:52 <ev> - Per Seb's request, we can now display just Ubuntu sources for the Last

 15:08:53 <ev> Seen column on the front page. I'm putting together an RT for deploying

 15:08:53 <ev> this change.

 15:08:53 <ev> - The individual problem pages have been reworked with clearer titles

 15:08:57 <ev> and formatting. There's now a graph at the top of the page showing the

 15:08:57 <ev> frequency over time this issue has been affecting Ubuntu.

 15:08:57 <ev> - The individual instance pages now use the expanders from Launchpad to

 15:09:03 <ev> autohide long fields, very much matching the Apport UI. The stack trace is

 15:09:03 <ev> still shown by default though.

 15:09:04 <ev> - Started implementing the rest of the compiz changes for error reports from

 15:09:06 <ev> application hangs. I've also asked the compiz guys to review the proposed

 15:09:07 <ev> UI, but haven't heard anything back yet.

 15:09:07 <ev> - Testing what I hope are the final round of USB disks for the shop.

 15:09:08 <ev> (done)

 15:09:19 <jodh> ev: so.. Max is back on form eh? :)

 15:09:42 <infinity> * DebConf (last week)

 15:09:42 <infinity> - Attended lots of talks, had lots of hallway conversations, etc

 15:09:42 <infinity> - Worked on a plan for saner (e)glibc maintenance in Debian/Ubuntu

 15:09:42 <infinity> * Merges, merges, merges

 15:09:42 <infinity> - A reminder/tip for those of us who are DDs: if we're carrying an

 15:09:44 <infinity> Ubuntu delta for RC bugs, NMU them into Debian, save yourself some

 15:09:47 <infinity> pain, and if we're carrying non-RC deltas on orphaned packages, do

 15:09:49 <infinity> a QA upload, and stop merging the same one-line fix every two weeks

 15:09:52 <infinity> * Rebootstrapped GHC and gnat-4.6 on armel, and rebuilt a mess of

 15:09:54 <infinity> stuff to reduce the FTBFS list for armel

 15:09:57 <infinity> * Fixed firefox and thunderbird compile options on armel and armhf

 15:09:59 <infinity> * Rebootstrapped sbcl on powerpc

 15:10:02 <infinity> * Lots of SRU work, including a bunch of kernel SRUS

 15:10:04 <infinity> * Upcoming: Really working on britney2 this week, no, honest!

 15:10:07 <infinity> ⡇⠼⠧⠳⠛⠗ ← Looks like Tetris to me.

 15:10:20 <infinity> Guess that needs some spaces.

 15:10:24 <infinity> ⡇ ⠼ ⠧ ⠳ ⠛ ⠗

 15:10:55 <ev> jodh: yup :)

 15:11:01 <ev> well, for the moment

 15:11:47 <cjwatson> ah, that's everyone, great

 15:11:49 <cjwatson> #topic bugs

 15:11:57 <cjwatson> stgraber said he wanted to talk about .1 bits

 15:12:00 <stgraber> cjwatson: "import random; team = [person.name for person in lp.people['canonical-foundations'].participants]; random.shuffle(team); print(team)" (sadly accessing the IRC nicks seems a bit broken in the API...)

 15:12:20 <stgraber> yep, I have a pretty long list of foundation related bugs that are targeted for 12.04.1

 15:12:42 <stgraber> Full bug list can be found at: https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/precise/+bugs?field.milestone%3Alist=49926

 15:12:47 <stgraber> I did a quick pass on things that are either "maintained" by the team or are of interest to the team, the list is pretty long.

 15:12:53 <stgraber> I excluded any bug that's "fix commited" (in -proposed) or "in progress" (because it's waiting in the queue):

 15:13:20 <stgraber> Storage related: bug 969384, bug 978012, bug 942106, bug 1012946, bug 957494, bug 968074, bug 1002357, bug 1017407, bug 1022915, bug 1009973

 15:13:27 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 969384 in mdadm (Ubuntu Precise) "mdadm --detail --scan segfaults during update-initramfs" [Critical,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/969384

 15:13:28 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 978012 in e2fsprogs (Ubuntu Precise) "Please SRU micro bug fix release of e2fsprogs 1.42.4-3ubuntu1 (main) from Quantal (main)" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/978012

 15:13:29 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 942106 in mdadm (Ubuntu Precise) "software raid doesn't assemble before mount on boot" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/942106

 15:13:30 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1012946 in parted (Ubuntu Precise) "dm-part-sync.patch breaks creating multiple partitions on a LVM volume" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1012946

 15:13:31 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 957494 in mdadm (Ubuntu Precise) "Missing added utility 'mdmon'" [Medium,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/957494

 15:13:45 <stgraber> right, need to split by group of 5, forgot about that...

 15:13:55 <stgraber> bug 968074, bug 1002357, bug 1017407, bug 1022915, bug 1009973

 15:14:01 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 968074 in mdadm (Ubuntu Precise) "Partitionable raid ignored by 65-mdadm-blkid.rules" [Medium,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/968074

 15:14:02 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1002357 in mdadm (Ubuntu Precise) "sort out udev rules madness (3 editions installed into 4 files)" [Medium,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1002357

 15:14:03 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1017407 in mdadm (Ubuntu Precise) "should copy /etc/udev/ rule if available" [Medium,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1017407

 15:14:04 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1022915 in mdadm (Ubuntu Precise) "mdadm in precise does not allow internal bitmap on version 1.2 arrays" [Medium,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1022915

 15:14:05 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1009973 in mdadm (Ubuntu Precise) "SRU upstream bugfix micro point release 3.2.5" [Wishlist,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1009973

 15:14:16 <infinity> stgraber: I'm working with xnox to get a sanely-reviewed e2fsprogs update in.

 15:14:27 <cjwatson> stgraber: person.irc_nicknames[0].nickname works fine except that doko hasn't set one

 15:14:55 <infinity> stgraber: And mdadm is in the queue, which should address some of those bugs (but not sure how many), and may also need some iterations before it can be accepted.

 15:15:32 <stgraber> yeah, there's a crazy amount of mdadm bugs targeted to the point release and I know mdadm was already rejected once from the queue

 15:15:34 <infinity> stgraber: With him frolicking at the Olympics and such, one of us might need to take up the banner there.

 15:15:51 <bdmurray> s/banner/torch/

 15:15:51 <ogra_> its only volleyball, no ?

 15:16:06 * ogra_ doubts that will keep him busy 24/7

 15:16:13 <infinity> ogra_: He's on vacation. :P

 15:16:18 <ogra_> oh, k

 15:16:20 <ogra_> heh

 15:16:28 <stgraber> at least one of the mdadm bugs is critical so would be good to see at least part of these fixes land soonish

 15:16:34 <cjwatson> I'm OK to upload the next ubiquity SRU now, aren't I?

 15:16:48 <stgraber> cjwatson: it's already in the queue

 15:16:54 <cjwatson> Oh, it's there, yeah

 15:17:15 <stgraber> Package management related bugs: bug 1017001, bug 831768, bug 936186, bug 924079, bug 1007314

 15:17:22 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1017001 in apt (Ubuntu Quantal) "package resolvconf 1.63ubuntu14 failed to install/upgrade: ErrorMessage: pre-dependency problem - not installing resolvconf" [Critical,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1017001

 15:17:23 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 831768 in aptitude (Ubuntu Precise) "aptitude cannot handle conflicts with multiarch enabled" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/831768

 15:17:24 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 936186 in software-properties (Ubuntu Precise) "add-apt-repository crashed with error in get_ppa_info_from_lp(): (23, 'Failed writing body (0 != 1607)')" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/936186

 15:17:25 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 924079 in apt (Ubuntu Precise) "do-release-upgrade fails to upgrade from Oneiric to Precise: Couldn't configure pre-depend libtinfo5 for libncurses5, probably a dependency cycle" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/924079

 15:17:26 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1007314 in update-manager (Ubuntu Precise) "trying to upgrade from 11.10 to 12.04: The package 'postgresql-contrib-8.2' is marked for removal but it's in the removal blacklist" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1007314

 15:17:28 <stgraber> bug 946718, bug 226780

 15:17:30 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 946718 in update-notifier (Ubuntu Precise) "backend_helper.py crashed with RuntimeError in add_signal_receiver(): To make asynchronous calls, receive signals or export objects, D-Bus connections must be attached to a main loop by passing mainloop=... to the constructor or calling dbus.set_default_main_loop(...)" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/946718

 15:17:31 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 226780 in apt (Ubuntu Precise) "apt-key net-update does not obey APT::Acquire::http::Proxy" [Medium,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/226780

 15:17:35 <cjwatson> 831768 is doomed, it's not going to get any further for .1

 15:17:45 <cjwatson> needs serious upstream work

 15:17:56 <stgraber> cjwatson: ok, re-target to precise-updates then?

 15:18:15 <cjwatson> Yeah, doing

 15:18:23 <infinity> I'm not sure why 226780 is targetted for .1

 15:18:38 <infinity> Sure, it should be fixed "some day", but it's always been broken.

 15:19:09 <infinity> (And we keep turning off apt-key net-update when we find new security flaws in its design anyway :P)

 15:19:18 <cjwatson> Maybe because we actually need to cycle the key soon

 15:19:27 <cjwatson> (As soon as I get round to the necessary publisher changes)

 15:19:48 <cjwatson> But yeah, we probably just need to deliver that in a package, I guess

 15:19:52 <infinity> cjwatson: Does our key cycling actually rely on net-update?  Cause that's going to end in tears.

 15:19:53 * slangasek waves from the train

 15:19:59 <cjwatson> No, it's a backstop measure

 15:20:08 <cjwatson> Although very handy if we ever have to do an emergency cycling

 15:20:14 <infinity> cjwatson: I would have assumed it would be delivered in ubuntu-keyring, and there wouldn't be a hard cutover of doom.

 15:20:22 <cjwatson> There would be if our key were compromised.

 15:20:41 <cjwatson> Well, possibly.

 15:20:42 <infinity> cjwatson: Absolutely.  Hence why the bug needs to be fixed.  Just not sure about the sudden .1 urgency.

 15:20:47 <cjwatson> Yeah.

 15:20:55 <infinity> (Well, the bugs, plural, net-update is a mess)

 15:21:45 <stgraber> moved it to -updates too. We don't have a fix in quantal or even the beginning of a fix for it, so unlikely that someone can spend the time for 12.04.1

 15:21:59 <stgraber> (especially considering the pretty long list of other bugs to fix)

 15:22:13 <infinity> The tinfo/ncurses thing, I haven't seen before.  But it can't be a hard fix.

 15:22:43 <infinity> Well, it can't he hard to work around.  Fixing might be a bit much.

 15:23:02 <stgraber> we really want to get that list to reflect what can be done for 12.04.1, so if you're planning on working on one of these, assign it to yourself, if you know it won't happen, comment and move to another milestone.

 15:23:12 <stgraber> Installer related bug: bug 966480, bug 484252, bug 1021293, bug 992061

 15:23:16 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 966480 in casper (Ubuntu Precise) "The prompt asking for media removal is not shown at the end of the installation" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/966480

 15:23:17 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 484252 in usb-creator (Ubuntu Precise) "Format action wipes all partitions" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/484252

 15:23:18 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1021293 in ubiquity (Ubuntu Precise) "Ubuntu 12.04 install stalls when doing apt-get upgrade" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1021293

 15:23:19 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 992061 in usb-creator (Ubuntu Precise) "USB Startup Disk Creator displays one USB device multiple times" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/992061

 15:23:49 <cjwatson> I'll see if I can scrape together time for 1021293 from somewhere :-/

 15:23:52 <stgraber> I'll take the casper one as I've seen it happen a few times and it's really annoying

 15:24:28 <stgraber> ARM enablement bugs: bug 1004011

 15:24:31 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1004011 in flash-kernel (Ubuntu Precise) "Add support for highbank in flash-kernel" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1004011

 15:25:12 <stgraber> Looks like NCommander is taking care of these (he uploaded the d-i bits IIRC)

 15:25:20 <stgraber> Multi-arch: bug 977947, bug 977952, bug 977964, bug 977940, bug 977959

 15:25:22 <cjwatson> stgraber: That one has two uploads in the queue, never mind one, I think

 15:25:24 * ogra_ is happy to help out if needed

 15:25:26 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 977947 in libbonobo (Ubuntu Precise) "Please transition libbonobo to multi-arch" [Medium,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/977947

 15:25:27 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 977952 in libbonoboui (Ubuntu Precise) "Please transition libbonoboui to multi-arch" [Medium,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/977952

 15:25:28 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 977964 in libart-lgpl (Ubuntu Precise) "Please transition libart-lgpl to multi-arch" [Medium,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/977964

 15:25:30 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 977940 in gnome-vfs (Ubuntu Precise) "Please transition gnome-vfs to multi-arch" [Medium,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/977940

 15:25:31 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 977959 in libgnome (Ubuntu Precise) "Please transition libgnome to multi-arch" [Medium,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/977959

 15:25:39 <cjwatson> Bitten by bug 1025515 so it's a little hard to tell

 15:25:40 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1025515 in Launchpad itself "LP diffs are being linked at http://lplibrarian-private-download.internal:8000" [Critical,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1025515

 15:25:48 <cjwatson> (Sorry about that)

 15:26:18 <stgraber> stokachu: any progress with the rdepends rebuild test?

 15:26:45 <stgraber> Grub/boot: bug 975931, bug 942846, bug 980917

 15:26:50 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 975931 in grub-gfxpayload-lists (Ubuntu Quantal) "purple screen freeze with AMD 6850" [Medium,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/975931

 15:26:51 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 942846 in grub-gfxpayload-lists (Ubuntu Precise) "encrypted install fails to boot as long as vt.handoff=7 is used" [Medium,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/942846

 15:26:52 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 980917 in upstart (Ubuntu Precise) "Failed to create pty - disabling logging for job" [Medium,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/980917

 15:27:03 <cjwatson> grub-gfxpayload-lists is supposed to be essentially owned by desktop.

 15:27:14 <cjwatson> Or kernel.  Whoever knows what IDs are supposed to be in it.

 15:27:32 <cjwatson> I started it off but with the aim that we'd no longer have to care.

 15:27:41 <stgraber> ok, I'll try to get someone to look at these tomorrow in the 12.04.1 meeting then

 15:28:09 <stgraber> jodh: are we likely to get a fix for bug 980917 in time for 12.04.1?

 15:28:11 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 980917 in upstart (Ubuntu Precise) "Failed to create pty - disabling logging for job" [Medium,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/980917

 15:28:13 <jodh> I've spent a bit of time looking at 980917, but it doesn't appear to be the quick fix we thought.

 15:28:53 <jodh> I'll take another look at it and see if I can make some further progress....

 15:29:03 <stgraber> thanks

 15:29:09 <stgraber> Networking: bug 994575

 15:29:11 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 994575 in resolvconf (Ubuntu Precise) "/etc/ppp/ip-up.d/000resolvconf should "exit 0" if pppd was run by NM, since NM will register the nameserver addresses itself" [Undecided,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/994575

 15:29:21 <infinity> jodh: The mounting and mknod tricks we talked about weren't sufficient? :/

 15:29:37 <stgraber> that one is fixed in quantal, I'll take care of pushing a batch of network related SRUs based on the fixes that landed in quantal, including that one

 15:29:54 <jodh> infinity: no - same behaviour as before.

 15:30:09 <infinity> jodh: Well, that's a lot of suck.

 15:30:37 <stgraber> Other core packages: bug 974584, bug 979003, bug 1014197

 15:30:41 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 974584 in sysvinit (Ubuntu Quantal) "Semaphores cannot be created in lxc container" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/974584

 15:30:43 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 979003 in eglibc (Ubuntu Precise) "libc incorrectly detects AVX support" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/979003

 15:30:45 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1014197 in libxslt (Ubuntu Precise) "package libxslt1-dev 1.1.26-8ubuntu1 failed to install/upgrade: './usr/bin/xslt-config' is different from the same file on the system" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1014197

 15:30:48 <infinity> stgraber: So... One would think that bug 1004011 would be addressed by release-upgrader-apt.  Except that, I'm betting we only backported/used that for lucid.

 15:30:49 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1004011 in flash-kernel (Ubuntu Precise) "Add support for highbank in flash-kernel" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1004011

 15:31:02 <infinity> stgraber: Err, wrong number.

 15:31:10 <infinity> bug 924079

 15:31:12 <infinity> That one.

 15:31:12 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 924079 in apt (Ubuntu Precise) "do-release-upgrade fails to upgrade from Oneiric to Precise: Couldn't configure pre-depend libtinfo5 for libncurses5, probably a dependency cycle" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/924079

 15:31:31 * stgraber takes bug 1014197

 15:31:33 <infinity> stgraber: Perhaps just doing the same release-upgrader-apt backport trick for oneiric would magically give us sunshine and kittens.

 15:32:24 <infinity> stgraber: As for 979003, I'm on it.  When's my deadline for getting that in, again?

 15:32:33 <infinity> stgraber: I definitely want the fix in the images.

 15:32:54 <stgraber> infinity: 2nd of August is when we'd like all that stuff to be in -proposed at the very least

 15:33:13 <infinity> stgraber: Check, I can beat that clock.

 15:33:23 <infinity> stgraber: It got delayed with a lot of re-writing and re-backporting upstream.

 15:33:24 <stgraber> bdmurray: are you planning on doing the transitional package for bug 1007314 or should I take care of it?

 15:33:26 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1007314 in update-manager (Ubuntu Precise) "trying to upgrade from 11.10 to 12.04: The package 'postgresql-contrib-8.2' is marked for removal but it's in the removal blacklist" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1007314

 15:33:27 <infinity> stgraber: AVX/FMA4 is a mess.

 15:33:57 <bdmurray> stgraber: no, I'm not planning on it

 15:34:09 <stgraber> bdmurray: ok, taking it then

 15:34:59 <stgraber> right, that's it for our 12.04.1 bug list

 15:35:27 <stgraber> I'll be keeping track of these and will likely poke some of you to get some status update or check whether something should be moved to a later milestone

 15:35:54 <cjwatson> I've just got http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/testing/precise-proposed_probs.html working again, I think - we'll see at the next run

 15:36:51 <stgraber> I'm also going to take 974584

 15:37:09 <stgraber> as the server team said they'd prefer to have someone from foundations merge the fix from Debian and SRU it

 15:37:29 <stgraber> there's also one more fix that we'll need pretty soon which is fixing live-build to only ship one kernel header

 15:37:35 <stgraber> is someone already looking into that?

 15:37:51 <infinity> stgraber: I was going to look into that.  Is there a bug for it, or should I JFDI?

 15:37:53 <stgraber> (images are oversized at the moment, so anything to help get their size down a bit would help)

 15:38:22 <infinity> stgraber: The quicker and less intrusive fix will probably be to post-process the chroot in livecd-rootfs, not fix it in live-build.

 15:38:25 <cjwatson> infinity: I had a work item for it from ages back.  I don't think I ever filed a bug.

 15:38:29 <stgraber> infinity: can't find a bug for it

 15:38:37 <cjwatson> infinity: It should be a matter of carrying over the code from livecd.sh.

 15:38:41 <infinity> cjwatson: Alright.  I'm not going to go WI hunting, I'll JFDI.

 15:38:43 <cjwatson> And figuring out where to plug it in.

 15:38:51 <infinity> cjwatson: Yeahp, that's where the cargo-culting was going to happen. :P

 15:38:56 <cjwatson> It's in https://blueprints.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+spec/foundations-o-live-build

 15:39:23 * infinity replaces live-build with livecd.sh and waits to see who notices.

 15:39:26 <cjwatson> You can have it, not that I expect anything will notice the assignee change

 15:40:31 <cjwatson> #topic AOB

 15:40:32 * ogra_ hugs infinity

 15:40:43 <ogra_> would be lovely to have it back :)

 15:42:01 <infinity> In the AOB camp, I'd like to remind people that Debian's all wheezy freezy.  If you have a spare 5 minutes where you're not, like, working on work, or having a life, go be a good citizen and fix an RC bug or two upstream.

 15:43:04 <cjwatson> In theory I need to see if I can squeeze in python3-debian and GRUB 2.00.  Might be getting decreasingly plausible :(

 15:43:23 * cjwatson is planning on taking a few days of holiday next week to do housework and work on Debian, since the family's going to be away

 15:43:33 * cjwatson <- exciting life

 15:43:39 <infinity> cjwatson: Significantly more plausible than my plan to ship glibc 2.15 a week before release.

 15:44:11 <barry> or mine to make python3.3 the default and remove python2 entirely? :)

 15:44:16 * infinity is still miffed he missed the cuttof to just doko that in before freeze.

 15:44:17 <cjwatson> (There may be some Guitar Hero involved too.)

 15:44:26 <infinity> Can I use doko as a verb for that?  Seems fair.

 15:44:27 <ogra_> heh

 15:45:06 * ogra_ just discovered Xonotic for gaming ... to actually make some use of the shiny new desktop i have

 15:45:08 <barry> infinity: you've created a new meme

 15:45:30 <ogra_> "lets doko that in !" ...

 15:45:36 <ogra_> surely makes a nice t-shirt

 15:46:30 <ScottK> barry: This isn't arch.

 15:46:35 <barry> or just a new meaning for the 'd' in jfdi

 15:46:53 <barry> :)

 15:47:26 <slangasek> barry: AIUI 3.3 is on track upstream for where we said it needed to be... *are* we going to take it by default in quantal?

 15:47:38 <infinity> barry: wwdd?

 15:48:09 <ScottK> FWIW, dh_python3 is not ready for 3.3 yet.

 15:48:26 <barry> slangasek: i think beta2 was delayed a week.  not sure how that's going to play out

 15:48:44 <cjwatson> ScottK: What's needed?

 15:48:58 <slangasek> ScottK: not ready in what sense?

 15:49:04 <ev> very excited about mock in the standard library

 15:49:13 <ScottK> See Debian Bug #672178

 15:49:14 <ubottu> Debian bug 672178 in src:python3-defaults "dh_python3: not ready for Python 3.3" [Normal,Open] http://bugs.debian.org/672178

 15:50:13 <slangasek> barry: ^^ seems that should get tracked on the blueprint then?

 15:50:13 <barry> i'll open a bug on the ubuntu srcpkg and link it to that debian bug

 15:50:19 <barry> slangasek: yes

 15:52:40 <barry> bug 1026203

 15:52:42 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1026203 in python3-defaults (Ubuntu) "python3-defaults does not yet support Python 3.3" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1026203

 15:56:18 <cjwatson> ok, sounds like that's all, thanks

 15:56:20 <cjwatson> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)