#title #ubuntu-meeting Meeting

Meeting started by mdeslaur at 18:02:19 UTC.  The full logs are
available at
http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2012/ubuntu-meeting.2012-09-10-18.02.log.html
.



== Meeting summary ==

''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting   (mdeslaur, 18:02:26)
 *Announcements

 *Weekly stand-up report

 *Highlighted packages
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/mednafen.html   (mdeslaur, 18:12:59)
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/shibboleth-sp2.html   (mdeslaur, 18:13:01)
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/torcs.html   (mdeslaur, 18:13:03)
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/eclipse.html   (mdeslaur, 18:13:05)
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/znc.html   (mdeslaur, 18:13:07)

 *Miscellaneous and Questions



Meeting ended at 18:19:13 UTC.



== Votes ==




== Action items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * mdeslaur (25)
 * jjohansen (7)
 * tyhicks (6)
 * sbeattie (5)
 * micahg (3)
 * meetingology (3)
 * ubottu (1)



== Full Log ==


 18:02:19 <mdeslaur> #startmeeting

 18:02:19 <meetingology> Meeting started Mon Sep 10 18:02:19 2012 UTC.  The chair is mdeslaur. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 18:02:19 <meetingology> 

 18:02:19 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 18:02:26 <mdeslaur> The meeting agenda can be found at:

 18:02:26 <mdeslaur> [LINK] https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting

 18:02:34 <mdeslaur> [TOPIC] Announcements

 18:02:34 <mdeslaur> thanks to ScottK for his help on security updates for python-django last week. Your work is very much appreciated and will keep Ubuntu users secure. Great job! :)

 18:02:43 <mdeslaur> [TOPIC] Weekly stand-up report

 18:02:48 <mdeslaur> I'll go first

 18:03:14 <mdeslaur> I've just published gimp and python-django

 18:03:27 <mdeslaur> and I've published a usn for the ubiquity-slideshow-ubuntu package

 18:03:52 <mdeslaur> I'll start work on an embargoed issue this week, and will try and get to some other CVEs in our list...we have quite a large list right now

 18:04:02 <mdeslaur> oh, and I'm on community

 18:04:09 <mdeslaur> that's it, sbeattie, you're up

 18:04:17 <sbeattie> I'm on triage this week

 18:04:45 <sbeattie> I've got updates for mesa, horizon, and eglibc underway

 18:04:55 <mdeslaur> \o/ eglibc

 18:05:12 <sbeattie> I also need to get the apparmor-dbus ppa up and going.

 18:05:34 <sbeattie> I'll try to pick up another update due to the large list

 18:05:44 <sbeattie> that's it for me. micahg?

 18:06:11 <micahg> I've got patch piloting, Firefox 15.0.1, Chromium for precise, webkit on oneiric

 18:06:26 <micahg> oh, and Mozilla pretesting time permitting

 18:06:46 <micahg> tyhicks: tag

 18:06:53 <tyhicks> I'm in the happy place this week

 18:07:36 <tyhicks> I got two xmlrpc-c patches upstreamed late last week and I'm in the process of publishing an update for xmlrpc-c as we speak

 18:08:07 <tyhicks> After that, I need to take a closer look into an eCryptfs regression in precise - Bug 1047261

 18:08:09 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1047261 in linux (Ubuntu) "ecryptfs_encrypt_page: Error attempting to write lower page (regression)" [Medium,Incomplete] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1047261

 18:08:34 <tyhicks> and then I'll be splitting time between coming up to speed on apparmor introspection interface patches and another update or two

 18:08:37 <tyhicks> that's it for me

 18:08:38 <tyhicks> jjohansen: you're up

 18:08:56 <jjohansen> I have an update of yama stacking patches and a couple of link restriction qrt failures to look into

 18:08:56 <jjohansen> Some testing of IMA so that we can turn its config on in quantal

 18:08:56 <jjohansen> Some reported apparmor quantal regression failures to look into.

 18:08:56 <jjohansen> Finish piecing back together apparmor dbus (a little bit of parser work and what ever surprises come up in testing), and work with sbeattie to get the ppa up

 18:08:56 <jjohansen> There is a kernel workflow failure that I was pointed at last week that I need to finish looking into, where some CVEs aren't moving out of the pending state.

 18:08:57 <jjohansen> Push out the latest apparmor lock, fs patches

 18:12:35 <jjohansen> mdeslaur: back to you

 18:12:59 <mdeslaur> [TOPIC] Highlighted packages

 18:12:59 <mdeslaur> The Ubuntu Security team will highlight some community-supported packages that might be good candidates for updating and or triaging. If you would like to help Ubuntu and not sure where to start, this is a great way to do so.

 18:12:59 <mdeslaur> See https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/UpdateProcedures for details and if you have any questions, feel free to ask in #ubuntu-security. To find out other ways of helping out, please see https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/GettingInvolved.

 18:12:59 <mdeslaur> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/mednafen.html

 18:13:01 <mdeslaur> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/shibboleth-sp2.html

 18:13:03 <mdeslaur> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/torcs.html

 18:13:05 <mdeslaur> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/eclipse.html

 18:13:07 <mdeslaur> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/znc.html

 18:13:09 <mdeslaur> [TOPIC] Miscellaneous and Questions

 18:13:18 <mdeslaur> Does anyone have any other questions or items to discuss?

 18:19:10 <mdeslaur> thanks everyone!

 18:19:13 <mdeslaur> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)