#title #ubuntu-meeting: ubuntu-server-team

Meeting started by Ursinha at 16:00:07 UTC.  The full logs are available
at
http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2012/ubuntu-meeting.2012-10-02-16.00.log.html
.



== Meeting summary ==

 *Review ACTION points from previous meeting
''ACTION:'' jamespage and Ursinha to look into aligning release team and server team tracking reports  (Ursinha, 16:01:41)

 *Quantal Development
''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/QuantalQuetzal/ReleaseSchedule   (Ursinha, 16:02:36)
  *Release Bugs  (Ursinha, 16:02:50)
''LINK:'' http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/ubuntu-server/release-bugs.html   (Ursinha, 16:03:21)
  *Blueprints  (Ursinha, 16:19:58)
''LINK:'' http://status.ubuntu.com/ubuntu-quantal/ubuntu-server.html   (Ursinha, 16:20:05)

 *Ubuntu Server Team Events

 *Weekly Updates & Questions for the QA Team (hggdh)
''ACTION:'' jamespage to provide info to hggdh about how to run iSCSI and MAAS tests for the ISO  (Ursinha, 16:32:16)

 *Weekly Updates & Questions for the Kernel Team (smb)

 *Weekly Updates & Questions regarding Ubuntu ARM Server (rbasak)

 *Open Discussion

 *Announce next meeting date and time



Meeting ended at 16:45:40 UTC.



== Votes ==




== Action items ==

 * jamespage and Ursinha to look into aligning release team and server team tracking reports
 * jamespage to provide info to hggdh about how to run iSCSI and MAAS tests for the ISO



== Action items, by person ==

 * hggdh
 ** jamespage to provide info to hggdh about how to run iSCSI and MAAS tests for the ISO
 * jamespage
 ** jamespage and Ursinha to look into aligning release team and server team tracking reports
 ** jamespage to provide info to hggdh about how to run iSCSI and MAAS tests for the ISO
 * Ursinha
 ** jamespage and Ursinha to look into aligning release team and server team tracking reports



== People present (lines said) ==

 * Ursinha (93)
 * SpamapS (14)
 * hggdh (11)
 * smoser (7)
 * ubottu (6)
 * meetingology (5)
 * roaksoax (4)
 * Daviey (4)
 * jimbaker (4)
 * jamespage (4)
 * hallyn (4)
 * rbasak (2)
 * smb (2)
 * zul (1)
 * JoseeAntonioR (1)
 * Sp4rKy (1)



== Full Log ==


 16:00:07 <Ursinha> #startmeeting ubuntu-server-team

 16:00:07 <meetingology> Meeting started Tue Oct  2 16:00:07 2012 UTC.  The chair is Ursinha. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:00:07 <meetingology> 

 16:00:07 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 16:00:18 <Ursinha> hello all

 16:00:30 <Ursinha> are you all here?

 16:00:32 <SpamapS> no

 16:00:35 <SpamapS> but keep going

 16:00:40 <Ursinha> #topic Review ACTION points from previous meeting

 16:00:59 <Ursinha> * jamespage to look into aligning release team and server team trackign reports

 16:01:14 <jamespage> Ursinha, golly -is that still on the list....

 16:01:23 <Ursinha> jamespage, hehe... this one involves me, right?

 16:01:27 <jamespage> yep

 16:01:37 <jamespage> and as we are sooo bad at communicating with each other...

 16:01:41 <Ursinha> [action] jamespage and Ursinha to look into aligning release team and server team tracking reports

 16:01:41 * meetingology jamespage and Ursinha to look into aligning release team and server team tracking reports

 16:01:58 <Ursinha> it's mine too now :)

 16:02:28 <Ursinha> we can catch up tomorrow, will try to find a spot for us to talk

 16:02:30 <Ursinha> #topic Quantal Development

 16:02:36 <Ursinha> #link https://wiki.ubuntu.com/QuantalQuetzal/ReleaseSchedule

 16:02:50 <Ursinha> #subtopic Release Bugs

 16:03:02 <Ursinha> I don't think this works?

 16:03:21 <Ursinha> #link http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/ubuntu-server/release-bugs.html

 16:03:26 <Ursinha> so, let's see

 16:04:04 <JoseeAntonioR> Ursinha: you won't get a reply for link, or for subtopic

 16:04:21 <Ursinha> that's different

 16:04:29 <Ursinha> thanks JoseeAntonioR

 16:04:34 <Ursinha> I'm looking at the bugs

 16:05:59 <Ursinha> so, there is bug 1017847

 16:06:01 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1017847 in qemu-linaro (Ubuntu) "qemu segfaults when creating an armhf container on an amd64 host" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1017847

 16:06:12 <Ursinha> are we working on it for this cycle? it has the rls-q-incoming tag

 16:06:23 <Ursinha> serge isn't here

 16:06:28 <hallyn> sure i am

 16:06:39 <hallyn> last i tried i couldn't reproduce due to other failures - i should try again...

 16:06:48 <Ursinha> ah!

 16:06:51 <Ursinha> :)

 16:07:11 <Ursinha> hallyn, if we're not fixing, we might want to remove the tag or add another one to say we're not fixing this cycle

 16:07:19 <Ursinha> if is a valid issue, of course

 16:07:33 <hallyn> the issue definately was valid at one point

 16:08:51 <Ursinha> right..

 16:09:28 <hallyn> (added to my list)

 16:09:34 <Ursinha> we have two critical bugs, one is fix committed by smoser

 16:09:43 <Ursinha> other is critical, SpamapS set it to critical

 16:09:46 <Ursinha> bug 1047520

 16:09:47 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1047520 in php5 (Ubuntu Quantal) "NEWS and release notes need updating" [Critical,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1047520

 16:09:50 <Ursinha> SpamapS, are you fixing that?

 16:10:13 <smoser> what is the one that is fix-committed by me ?

 16:10:53 <Ursinha> bug 1049177

 16:10:55 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1049177 in isc-dhcp (Ubuntu Precise) "isc-dhcp-server apparmor profile should have include ".d" " [Medium,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1049177

 16:11:13 <Ursinha> the quantal task

 16:11:23 <Ursinha> for maas

 16:11:37 <smoser> roaksoax, should that be fix-released in maas ?

 16:12:03 <smoser> ie, do we have a maas package that uses its own dhcp server?

 16:12:34 <SpamapS> Ursinha: yes I'll take a look at that

 16:12:46 <roaksoax> smoser: i think we do, i haven't looked at the latest changes made to that package

 16:12:50 <roaksoax> (maas-dhcp(

 16:12:53 <Ursinha> thanks Sp4rKy

 16:12:55 <Ursinha> oops

 16:12:58 <Ursinha> SpamapS, even

 16:13:02 <Sp4rKy> :)

 16:13:02 <Ursinha> (sorry Sp4rKy)

 16:13:25 <smoser> Ursinha, well, either way, its under control

 16:13:34 <smoser> (it is fixed in daily ppa)

 16:13:48 <Ursinha> cool

 16:13:58 <Ursinha> do you have any issues you want to bring into attention?

 16:14:21 <SpamapS> bug 1047520 is actually already Fix Released

 16:14:23 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1047520 in php5 (Ubuntu Quantal) "NEWS and release notes need updating" [Critical,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1047520

 16:14:34 <SpamapS> so, woot :)

 16:15:07 <Ursinha> cool :)

 16:15:09 <Ursinha> I found another critical bug: bug 1044632

 16:15:10 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1044632 in juju (Ubuntu Quantal) "Modify format 2 so that it supports raw strings" [Critical,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1044632

 16:16:04 <Daviey> OT: /me chimes in that he is only partially here atm.

 16:16:24 <jimbaker> Ursinha, that's part of the 0.5.2 release of juju

 16:16:58 <Ursinha> jimbaker, I ask because it's targeted to the release, only wanted to know if that bug is going to make it or if it's going to be sru'd later

 16:17:09 <jimbaker> SpamapS is currently working on a micro release that will be in a sru

 16:17:53 <Ursinha> ah, right

 16:17:54 <jimbaker> actually bad phrased - 0.5.2 is that micro release, then to included in an upcoming sru

 16:18:06 <Ursinha> so we might want to target that to quantal-updates,right?

 16:18:23 <Daviey> SpamapS: any news on using ubuntu-cloud lxc template for local provider ?

 16:19:12 <jimbaker> Ursinha, that's a sru for precise. it should be part of the final for quantal

 16:19:26 <Ursinha> jimbaker, right, thanks for the info

 16:19:45 <Ursinha> I'll talk to people about bugs outside the meeting, otherwise this will take forever

 16:19:49 <Ursinha> will move on to blueprints

 16:19:58 <Ursinha> #subtopic Blueprints

 16:20:05 <Ursinha> #link http://status.ubuntu.com/ubuntu-quantal/ubuntu-server.html

 16:20:09 <Ursinha> the link that Daviey hates

 16:21:30 <Ursinha> that link is indeed not nice if you want to be objective :/

 16:22:03 <SpamapS> Daviey: yes, branch is proposed and in review today actually

 16:22:35 <SpamapS> jimbaker: format 2 does not exist in 0.5.x

 16:22:55 <SpamapS> jimbaker: that bug is only relevant in 0.6

 16:23:29 <SpamapS> Ursinha: we don't need to target that at quantal-updates. I have a final drop of Juju code planned for later this week.

 16:23:39 <Ursinha> SpamapS, awesome then

 16:23:43 * SpamapS apologizes for lagging :-P

 16:23:46 <Ursinha> :)

 16:24:12 <Ursinha> that link is somehow impossible to follow up, the blueprints one, so please remember to update yours if haven't already

 16:24:53 <Ursinha> I'll move on

 16:24:55 <Ursinha> #topic Ubuntu Server Team Events

 16:25:44 <Ursinha> * CFP deadlines

 16:25:53 <Ursinha> ** SoCal Linux Expo (Deadline: Dec. 10) http://www.socallinuxexpo.org/cfp

 16:26:07 <Ursinha> any other events?

 16:27:03 <Ursinha> I'll take that as a no :)

 16:27:11 <Ursinha> #topic Weekly Updates & Questions for the QA Team (hggdh)

 16:27:25 <hggdh> hi

 16:27:26 <Ursinha> hi hggdh, any updates for us?

 16:28:08 <hggdh> just a question from me -- the iSCSI and MAAS tests for the ISO -- it seems you want us to run it

 16:28:30 <hggdh> we need to have the details on how to do it, can you please pass them over?

 16:29:26 <hggdh> and, additionally, I found an easy way to have the ISO dns-server tests to actually execute, I will be proposing a merge soon for USIT

 16:29:28 <hggdh> ..

 16:29:31 <Ursinha> who asked you that, hggdh?

 16:29:59 <hggdh> Ursinha: nobody asked us that, but then the server team did not run them on the Beta 2 tests

 16:30:13 <Ursinha> ah, oops

 16:30:45 <Ursinha> Daviey, who could provide the info to hggdh to run these tests?

 16:31:28 <jamespage> hggdh, I can pass you info on the iscsi tests

 16:31:47 <hggdh> oh, an additional point on MAAS

 16:32:16 <Ursinha> [action] jamespage to provide info to hggdh about how to run iSCSI and MAAS tests for the ISO

 16:32:16 * meetingology jamespage to provide info to hggdh about how to run iSCSI and MAAS tests for the ISO

 16:32:17 <hggdh> it now seems to support virsh, but there is no docs on how to fill in the fields on the "Add Node" screen

 16:32:47 <hggdh> and the "Doc" button on the page does not even talk about virsh...

 16:34:47 <Ursinha> roaksoax or smoser, ^^

 16:35:42 <roaksoax> i think we would need to check that with iupstream I've only worked with IPMI

 16:35:53 <roaksoax> but should be pretty straight forward

 16:36:32 <smoser> i've not tested current maas with virsh

 16:36:48 <smoser> but it is on the list of things i'd like to know how to do

 16:37:59 <Daviey> Ursinha: hggdh should grab me out of meeting :)

 16:38:05 <Ursinha> cool :)

 16:38:16 <Ursinha> is that enough information for you, hggdh?

 16:38:53 <hggdh> yes it is :-)

 16:38:58 <Ursinha> great :)

 16:39:02 <Ursinha> moving on, then

 16:39:06 * hggdh prepares the net to grab Daviey

 16:39:23 <Ursinha> #topic Weekly Updates & Questions for the Kernel Team (smb)

 16:39:29 <Ursinha> hello smb

 16:39:29 <smb> I don't have much to report right now... I hope I am finally homing in on bug 1021471. Just compiling a new test kernel for that right now. Should be on people by the time this meeting ends...

 16:39:31 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1021471 in linux (Ubuntu Quantal) "clone() hang when creating new network namespace (dmesg show unregister_netdevice: waiting for lo to become free. Usage count = 2)" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1021471

 16:39:44 <smb> ..

 16:39:47 <SpamapS> smb: thanks for fighting to get that going. Its quite important for juju. :)

 16:39:58 <SpamapS> and really for LXC users

 16:40:17 <Daviey> +1

 16:40:44 <Ursinha> great, thanks smb

 16:40:47 <Ursinha> any questions for smb?

 16:41:16 <Ursinha> okay, moving on

 16:41:18 <Ursinha> #topic Weekly Updates & Questions regarding Ubuntu ARM Server (rbasak)

 16:41:23 <rbasak> Quantal on ARM is looking good. MAAS on ARM is almost done too - all the critical pieces are written now, appear to be working and are in various stages in the pipeline for landing in the next week.

 16:41:26 <rbasak> Any questions for me?

 16:42:13 <Ursinha> maybe not :)

 16:42:15 <Ursinha> thanks rbasak

 16:42:24 <Ursinha> #topic Open Discussion

 16:42:30 <Ursinha> discuss!

 16:43:09 <Ursinha> you are making me sad today, people

 16:43:22 <Ursinha> :)

 16:43:22 <zul> gee thanks

 16:43:27 <Ursinha> lol

 16:43:52 <Ursinha> no one is into discussing today :)

 16:43:53 <Ursinha> #topic Announce next meeting date and time

 16:43:56 <Ursinha> sooo

 16:44:03 <SpamapS> Ursinha: thanks!!

 16:44:14 <SpamapS> oh damn I thought that was EOM

 16:44:21 <Ursinha> Next meeting will take place Oct 9th, same bat-channel

 16:44:38 <Ursinha> who's next in the line

 16:45:01 <Ursinha> if that is a line, so jimbaker is our next chair

 16:45:06 <Ursinha> jimbaker, is that ok for you?

 16:45:33 <Ursinha> that should do :P

 16:45:40 <Ursinha> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)