#title #ubuntu-meeting Meeting

Meeting started by tumbleweed at 14:09:03 UTC.  The full logs are
available at
http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2012/ubuntu-meeting.2012-06-04-14.09.log.html
.



== Meeting summary ==

 *Review of previous action items

 *Ubuntu Contributing Developer Applications - Juan Negron

 *MOTU Applications - Jeremy Bicha

 *Any other Business?



Meeting ended at 15:07:16 UTC.



== Votes ==


 * MOTU for jbicha
   For: 4 Against: 0 Abstained: 1



== Action items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * tumbleweed (34)
 * jbicha (28)
 * stgraber (26)
 * Laney (18)
 * meetingology (14)
 * micahg (12)
 * barry (10)
 * dholbach (6)
 * xnox (3)
 * ScottK (1)



== Full Log ==


 14:09:03 <tumbleweed> #startmeeting

 14:09:03 <meetingology> Meeting started Mon Jun  4 14:09:03 2012 UTC.  The chair is tumbleweed. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 14:09:03 <meetingology> 

 14:09:03 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 14:09:33 <tumbleweed> #topic Review of previous action items

 14:10:13 <tumbleweed> stgraber to give cfalco PPU for btpd and mame

 14:10:22 <micahg> that's done

 14:10:23 <tumbleweed> micahg to add cfalco to ubuntu-dev

 14:10:31 <micahg> done

 14:10:39 <tumbleweed> micahg to create LP team related to the new packageset

 14:10:42 <micahg> done

 14:10:47 <tumbleweed> stgraber to create the packageset and make the new team the uploader of it

 14:10:49 <micahg> done

 14:10:53 <tumbleweed> micahg to document the packageset

 14:10:56 <micahg> not yet

 14:11:05 <tumbleweed> stgraber to review the freeze process with bencer

 14:11:24 <stgraber> poked highvoltage about it, not sure of exact status

 14:11:29 <tumbleweed> micahg to add bencer to zentyal packageset

 14:11:50 <tumbleweed> tumbleweed to chair the next meeting <- doing

 14:12:01 <tumbleweed> tumbleweed to fix membership monitoring script <- done

 14:12:09 <stgraber> bencer has been added to the zentyal packageset

 14:12:09 <micahg> added to packageset (done)

 14:12:15 <tumbleweed> cody-somerville and bdrung to vote in early meeting poll

 14:13:19 * tumbleweed doesn't have the link for that to hand

 14:13:52 <Laney> they aren't here, so it probably doesn't matter to much :P

 14:13:58 <Laney> too

 14:14:11 <tumbleweed> aha, bt appears only cody-somerville still needs to

 14:14:17 <tumbleweed> ok, on to applications

 14:15:00 <tumbleweed> #chair stgraber

 14:15:00 <meetingology> Current chairs: stgraber tumbleweed

 14:15:19 * tumbleweed hands the chari to stgraber while I run down the road to a pub. will pick up from there

 14:15:45 <stgraber> right, so applications (/me loads the agenda)

 14:16:13 <stgraber> #topic Ubuntu Contributing Developer Applications - Juan Negron

 14:16:14 <tumbleweed> jbicha first, I think

 14:16:18 <tumbleweed> oh, too late :)

 14:16:58 <stgraber> negronjl: around?

 14:17:42 * stgraber gives negronjl a minute, then will go with jbicha

 14:18:29 <stgraber> #topic MOTU Applications - Jeremy Bicha

 14:18:46 <stgraber> jbicha: around?

 14:18:50 <jbicha> hi!

 14:19:32 <stgraber> hey, can you introduce yourself quickly? (I think we all know you, but still ... :))

 14:19:42 <jbicha> I help package GNOME with the Ubuntu Desktop Team and I maintain ubuntu-docs.

 14:21:16 <jbicha> I'm applying for MOTU because some GNOME-related stuff is in universe & not really suitable for the desktop-extra packageset

 14:22:07 <jbicha> MOTU also is nice for getting new stuff into Ubuntu, and for the other interesting universe packages

 14:22:11 <Laney> hrm, unofficial stuff I guess?

 14:22:22 <Laney> Nothing you'd need for the new flavour, for example/

 14:22:23 <jbicha> yes

 14:23:26 <jbicha> the new GNOME flavor if approved would probably overlap with the desktop-extra set

 14:23:58 <Laney> I hope we can keep it contained within main + desktop-extra

 14:24:03 <jbicha> but there will still be universe stuff I'm interested in that won't be in either of those two sets

 14:24:07 <Laney> sure

 14:24:37 <micahg> jbicha: how much experience have you had with non-GNOME related packaging

 14:24:58 <jbicha> what I mean is that I'm not sure we need the desktop-extra set if we have a "gnomebuntu" set

 14:25:00 <micahg> well, also, if there's a new flavor, there's a new seed metapackage (and desktop-extra might disappear)

 14:26:27 <Laney> if it comes with a fancy auto generated package set, that is very possible

 14:27:55 <jbicha> micahg: most of what I've worked on has been GNOME, but I've occasionally worked with other things

 14:28:51 <jbicha> my first Ubuntu upload was for moodle for instance & I worked with the kabikaboo maintainer to get that into Debian & then Ubuntu

 14:29:16 <jbicha> kabikaboo is a python app for writing novels and such

 14:30:30 <jbicha> the GNOME stuff usually uses cdbs but I'm fairly comfortable with dh7 as well

 14:32:33 <micahg> jbicha: is there any reason why you only have one endorsement?

 14:33:55 <jbicha> micahg: I didn't do a good job of finding endorsements

 14:34:16 <jbicha> for universe stuff, it looks like dholbach did most of the sponsoring

 14:34:58 * dholbach hugs jbicha :)

 14:35:35 <dholbach> as long as i can remember I never had to ask jbicha to re-do any of his work

 14:35:54 <dholbach> it was AFAICR tip top work

 14:36:08 <Laney> jbicha: Do you think you'll get involved with other stuff MOTU does?

 14:36:12 <dholbach> and he has had upload rights for desktop related stuff for quite a while

 14:36:12 * ScottK feels comfortable with jbicha as MOTU as well.

 14:36:26 <jbicha> Laney: what other stuff?

 14:36:29 <Laney> mentoring initiatives, sponsoring and stuff like that

 14:36:49 <Laney> QA activities especially nearer the release

 14:37:17 * tumbleweed returns

 14:37:56 <jbicha> yes I'd like to sponsor more stuff, getting new contributors included is important

 14:39:18 <jbicha> I look at the nbs and ftbfs trackers and try to fix things where I can

 14:39:22 <Laney> the active team is pretty small these days, so people are always needed to pitch in with the leg work

 14:39:32 <barry> jbicha: what's the best python build helper to use these days?

 14:39:43 <jbicha> barry: dh_python2 :)

 14:40:24 <barry> jbicha: good answer :)  from a technical (not process) point of view, how would you convert from say py_support or py_central to dh_py2?

 14:41:06 <jbicha> I basically follow the checklist at http://wiki.debian.org/Python/TransitionToDHPython2

 14:41:56 <jbicha> remove pycentral and pysupport from debian/control and fix debian/rules

 14:42:13 <barry> jbicha: two-for-two :)  from a process point of view, how would you handle cases where the debian package uses pysupport or pycentral, but the ubuntu version wants to use dhpy2?

 14:43:26 <jbicha> generally I'd try to get the change into Debian first

 14:44:24 <barry> jbicha: what if the debian maintainer doesn't want to use dhpy2, or doesn't respond after a reasonable amount of time?

 14:46:29 <jbicha> well python-support and pycentral are deprecated so the Debian maintainer ought to consider switching

 14:47:11 <jbicha> unless the package is shipped on a CD, I don't think dhpy2 alone is worth having a diff from Debian

 14:47:13 <micahg> jbicha: do you know how to tell if images are affected by your uploads?  (MOTU can break everything except for Desktop and Kubuntu ATM)

 14:47:56 <barry> jbicha: you're applying for motu, but do you think main v universe influences that decision?

 14:48:00 <jbicha> I've just learned to use seeded-in-ubuntu for that

 14:49:15 <jbicha> barry: yes, I don't think we want pysupport or pycentral in main at all and we would diverge from Debian to make that happen

 14:49:27 <stgraber> jbicha: are you subscribed to ubuntu-devel-announce and reading it at least daily?

 14:49:28 <barry> jbicha: thanks for your answers

 14:49:52 <jbicha> stgraber: yes, I'm on too many mailing lists :)

 14:50:07 * barry thinks you can never be on too many mailing lists :)

 14:50:21 * micahg subscribes barry to lkml

 14:51:00 <stgraber> jbicha: good. Also, would you be allowed to upload non-critical changes to a seeded package in quantal today?

 14:51:57 <jbicha> stgraber: it's probably a bad idea since we're trying to get Alpha 1 out the door this week

 14:53:10 <stgraber> good :)

 14:55:54 <Laney> vote?

 14:56:31 <stgraber> sounds good

 14:56:39 <Laney> go go co-chair

 14:56:54 <stgraber> #vote MOTU for jbicha

 14:56:54 <meetingology> Please vote on: MOTU for jbicha

 14:56:54 <meetingology> Public votes can be registered by saying +1, +0 or -1 in channel, (private votes don't work yet, but when they do it will be by messaging the channel followed by +1/-1/+0 to me)

 14:56:58 <stgraber> +1

 14:56:58 <meetingology> +1 received from stgraber

 14:57:03 <Laney> +1

 14:57:03 <meetingology> +1 received from Laney

 14:57:35 <micahg> +0, would've liked to have seen more endorsements and more non-GNOME related work

 14:57:35 <meetingology> +0, would've liked to have seen more endorsements and more non-GNOME related work received from micahg

 14:57:47 <barry> +1

 14:57:47 <meetingology> +1 received from barry

 14:58:53 <stgraber> waiting a bit longer for tumbleweed to reappear

 14:58:56 <tumbleweed> +1

 14:58:56 <meetingology> +1 received from tumbleweed

 14:59:34 <stgraber> #endvote

 14:59:34 <meetingology> Voting ended on: MOTU for jbicha

 14:59:34 <meetingology> Votes for:4 Votes against:0 Abstentions:1

 14:59:34 <meetingology> Motion carried

 15:00:12 <Laney> \o

 15:00:24 <jbicha> thank you!

 15:00:29 <barry> jbicha: congrats!

 15:01:08 <stgraber> added to the team

 15:01:19 <Laney> dholbach: get the publicity out!

 15:01:24 <tumbleweed> #topic Any other Business?

 15:01:31 <tumbleweed> negronjl still appears to be missing

 15:01:38 <dholbach> yeehaw

 15:01:41 <dholbach> congratulations

 15:01:55 <tumbleweed> ~rodrigo-moya appears to have expired from ubuntu-dev

 15:01:57 <xnox> well there isn't much time left anyway =)

 15:02:01 <tumbleweed> stgraber: can you remove his PPU rights?

 15:02:10 <tumbleweed> xnox: we have a nasty habit of running over

 15:02:17 * Laney warms the fire for xnox next time

 15:02:18 <stgraber> tumbleweed: yep

 15:02:20 <tumbleweed> (by an hour or so)

 15:02:46 <tumbleweed> next chair: stgraber?

 15:02:52 * xnox notes down to bring olive oil and herbs for Laney

 15:03:03 <Laney> sounds good

 15:03:06 <stgraber> tumbleweed: sure

 15:03:26 <tumbleweed> anything else?

 15:03:32 <barry> xnox: are you cooking for us?  maybe we should make that a requirement for all applicants

 15:04:02 <xnox> barry: I believe Laney is setting me on fire, during the next meeting....

 15:04:04 <stgraber> tumbleweed: maybe I'm blind but I'm not seeing any PPU for jbicha, only membership in -desktop and -desktop-extra-dev

 15:04:18 <tumbleweed> stgraber: rodrigo-moya

 15:04:24 <stgraber> tumbleweed: ah!

 15:04:44 * stgraber should read more than just the hilights

 15:05:08 * tumbleweed mailed the list, abou tit

 15:05:14 <stgraber> tumbleweed: rodrigo is also still in ubuntu-desktop

 15:06:02 <tumbleweed> right. but he was in ubuntu-dev for PPU, so either we re-instate him into ubuntu-dev or remove the PPU rights

 15:06:40 <stgraber> ok, removed

 15:06:57 <stgraber> he just had two, couchdb-glib and evolution-couchdb

 15:07:01 <tumbleweed> great, thanks

 15:07:16 <tumbleweed> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)