#title #ubuntu-meeting Meeting

Meeting started by bdmurray at 18:05:34 UTC.  The full logs are
available at
http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2012/ubuntu-meeting.2012-03-28-18.05.log.html
.



== Meeting summary ==

 *Previous Actions

 *Engineering Bug Status
''IDEA:'' that needs to be fixed  (kangarooo, 18:08:50)

 *Bug Escalations (any High or Critical bugs that community members have seen that need attention)
''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/bugs/907544   (kangarooo, 18:16:17)
''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/bugs/787257   (kangarooo, 18:17:34)
''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/bugs/889586   (kangarooo, 18:18:02)
''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/bugs/912046   (kangarooo, 18:18:15)
''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/bugs/912046   (kangarooo, 18:18:29)
''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/bugs/950919   (kangarooo, 18:18:47)

 *Other Topics
''ACTION:'' mfisch to draft a reply for the situation where someone subsribes a team to a bug report  (bdmurray, 18:32:13)



Meeting ended at 18:35:32 UTC.



== Votes ==




== Action items ==

 * mfisch to draft a reply for the situation where someone subsribes a team to a bug report



== Action items, by person ==

 * mfisch
 ** mfisch to draft a reply for the situation where someone subsribes a team to a bug report



== People present (lines said) ==

 * kangarooo (24)
 * bdmurray (22)
 * mfisch (13)
 * ubottu (5)
 * meetingology (4)



== Full Log ==


 18:05:34 <bdmurray> #startmeeting

 18:05:34 <meetingology> Meeting started Wed Mar 28 18:05:34 2012 UTC.  The chair is bdmurray. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 18:05:34 <meetingology> 

 18:05:34 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 18:05:48 <bdmurray> #topic Previous Actions

 18:06:06 <bdmurray> there were no actions from the last meeting

 18:06:18 <bdmurray> #topic Engineering Bug Status

 18:06:45 <bdmurray> I'm looking into an issue with apport and kerneloops reports missing log files from the linux package hook at the moment

 18:07:36 <kangarooo> oh thats great

 18:08:20 <kangarooo> i dont know whats kernelloops? i need to say something?

 18:08:31 <bdmurray> and I wrote a blog post about visualizing bug heat http://www.murraytwins.com/blog/?p=114

 18:08:33 <mfisch> kernel oops

 18:08:50 <kangarooo> #idea that needs to be fixed

 18:09:33 <bdmurray> lots of ubiquity bugs to review with the iso-testing going on

 18:09:47 <bdmurray> that's about it here. Ursinha, jsalisbury?

 18:09:49 <kangarooo> yes i also posted 2

 18:10:09 <kangarooo> 2 bugs about ubiquity dying at end

 18:10:20 <mfisch> I think we need to be careful when responding to people who subscribe bugs to our list

 18:10:39 <mfisch> s/careful/more careful/

 18:11:05 <bdmurray> mfisch: could we talk about that in a couple of minutes?

 18:11:17 <mfisch> bdmurray: sure, sorry for hijacking ;)

 18:12:08 <bdmurray> #topic Bug Escalations (any High or Critical bugs that community members have seen that need attention)

 18:12:20 <kangarooo> bdmurray: yes #idea about bug heat sorting and graphical view is helpfull to distinguish priority bugs

 18:13:02 <bdmurray> kangarooo: are the bugs you ran into high or critical types of bugs?

 18:13:27 <kangarooo> im opening gmail to find most ignored for my laptops

 18:13:35 <kangarooo> 1min

 18:16:17 <kangarooo> https://bugs.launchpad.net/bugs/907544

 18:16:18 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 907544 in gnome-control-center (Ubuntu) "Asus eee pc x101 doesnt work sound shortcuts" [Low,Incomplete]

 18:17:34 <kangarooo> https://bugs.launchpad.net/bugs/787257

 18:17:36 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 787257 in ubuntu-artwork (Ubuntu) "10.04.2 Widescreen laptop has boot screen 1/10 times and for 2 last seconds of boot" [Undecided,New]

 18:18:02 <kangarooo> https://bugs.launchpad.net/bugs/889586

 18:18:04 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 765438 in linux (Ubuntu) "duplicate for #889586 On startup, the backlight is off on laptop" [Undecided,Triaged]

 18:18:15 <kangarooo> https://bugs.launchpad.net/bugs/912046

 18:18:17 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 912046 in linux (Ubuntu) "11.10 black screen- nothing seenable on laptop" [Undecided,Expired]

 18:18:29 <kangarooo> https://bugs.launchpad.net/bugs/912046

 18:18:47 <kangarooo> https://bugs.launchpad.net/bugs/950919

 18:18:48 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 950919 in xserver-xorg-video-intel (Ubuntu) "12.04 ubuntu beta 1 black screen" [Undecided,Incomplete]

 18:19:03 <kangarooo> thats main for now.

 18:20:53 <bdmurray> kangarooo: that's quiet a few to look at - I don't think all of them are high or critical but a couple do look important

 18:21:02 <bdmurray> kangarooo: can I follow up with you in #ubuntu-bugs after the meeting?

 18:21:06 <kangarooo> ok

 18:21:23 <bdmurray> #topic Other Topics

 18:21:48 <bdmurray> mfisch: were you talking about ubuntu-bugcontrol being subscribed to a bug report?

 18:22:21 <mfisch> bdmurray: yeah, I think we just need to be more careful in responses.  People who do stuff like that don't know our process, they're just trying to get help.

 18:22:56 <mfisch> bdmurray: I'm referring to the email I got this morning "please dont subscribe this list to every bug under the sun" (paraphrased)

 18:25:30 <mfisch> bdmurray: thats it from me

 18:26:11 <bdmurray> mfisch: I agree more tact could have been used.  Do you have any idea on how we could spread this idea?

 18:27:11 <mfisch> bdmurray: well we could have a canned response for this which may help, but if you take the attitude that people are not doing this out of spite, but out of ignorance, I think it helps

 18:27:18 <kangarooo> +1

 18:27:34 <mfisch> we all get annoyed when people keep doing things like this, gnome-nettools has maybe 30 dupes of the same bug?

 18:27:50 <mfisch> I just sigh and post the canned response and keep any irritation to myself

 18:28:35 <bdmurray> Ah, yes a standard reply makes sense.  Would you mind drafting one?

 18:28:56 <mfisch> bdmurray: I knew I should have kept quiet!   ;)    Sure, I'll put it on my to do list

 18:29:57 <kangarooo> +1 to todo list equals now 1020482 things to do :) we can post bug and anyone can edit it.

 18:30:31 <kangarooo> so anyone can edit canned response draft

 18:31:01 <kangarooo> so we dont force google docs for collaborating in making draft of canned response

 18:31:26 <bdmurray> kangarooo: the standard replies are in a wiki page already

 18:31:42 <mfisch> yes

 18:31:44 <kangarooo> ok ill look up

 18:31:51 <mfisch> I will work on it this week, just not today

 18:32:13 <bdmurray> #action mfisch to draft a reply for the situation where someone subsribes a team to a bug report

 18:32:13 * meetingology mfisch to draft a reply for the situation where someone subsribes a team to a bug report

 18:32:24 <bdmurray> okay anything else?

 18:33:13 <kangarooo> making logs like thees in video so ppl who dont use irc can get in bugging https://wiki.ubuntu.com/MeetingLogs/devweek1201/FixingSmallBugs

 18:33:30 <kangarooo> VIdeo team?

 18:34:24 <bdmurray> kangarooo: that's not really something the bug squad can help with

 18:35:03 <kangarooo> ah ok for different meeting then. ill just start making this king of videos then team

 18:35:32 <bdmurray> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)