#title #ubuntu-meeting Meeting

Meeting started by wendar at 21:09:16 UTC.  The full logs are available
at
http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2012/ubuntu-meeting.2012-05-25-21.09.log.html
.



== Meeting summary ==

 *Action review
''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/developer-portal/+bug/1004487/comments/1   (ajmitch, 21:17:58)
''LINK:'' https://launchpad.net/~ubuntu-community-contributors   (wendar, 21:44:49)



Meeting ended at 22:05:58 UTC.



== Votes ==




== Action items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * wendar (82)
 * ajmitch (51)
 * highvoltage (16)
 * asomething (8)
 * micahg (5)
 * stgraber (5)
 * meetingology (3)
 * ubottu (2)



== Full Log ==


 21:09:16 <wendar> #startmeeting

 21:09:16 <meetingology> Meeting started Fri May 25 21:09:16 2012 UTC.  The chair is wendar. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 21:09:16 <meetingology> 

 21:09:16 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 21:09:58 * stgraber waves

 21:10:08 * ajmitch looks up the agenda for today

 21:10:12 <wendar> hi stgraber

 21:10:31 <wendar> #topic Action review

 21:10:49 <ajmitch> we covered the bugs pretty well at UDS, and came up with some new ones

 21:11:03 <wendar> Yeah, seems like a lot were closed at UDS.

 21:11:15 <wendar> we can drop any closed ones

 21:11:33 <wendar> in fact, we can probably replace that with a general review of the arb tag

 21:11:39 <ajmitch> some of those closed will change how much info we need to put into the packages as well, if I understood it correctly

 21:13:03 <ajmitch> asomething has found a few more that are quickly related, we could tag those & check up on them as well

 21:13:11 * highvoltage jumps into the channel pool and causes a huge splash

 21:13:17 <ajmitch> hi highvoltage :)

 21:13:21 <asomething> ajmitch, they should be tagged arb already

 21:13:30 <highvoltage> hi! sorry for being late

 21:13:52 <ajmitch> asomething: excellent, thanks

 21:14:34 <wendar> ajmitch: yes, we're able to drop all the custom tags from debian/control, and no longer need the special image install in debian/rules

 21:15:03 <wendar> So, LP #914667 is now Fix Released, so dropping it from the agenda

 21:15:05 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 914667 in Developer registration portal "Packages in the ARB process should go directly to Published without going to "Ready to Publish"" [High,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/914667

 21:16:22 <ajmitch> now that we can see all app states, #915902 is also fixed & can be dropped

 21:17:00 <ajmitch> the state changing is apparantly going onto production on monday, according to a related bug

 21:17:50 <wendar> and #915902 is marked as Fixed Released, so dropped from the ARB tag, good...

 21:17:58 <ajmitch> https://bugs.launchpad.net/developer-portal/+bug/1004487/comments/1

 21:17:59 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1004487 in Developer registration portal "Every piece of feedback should send an email to the ARB list" [Low,Confirmed]

 21:19:26 <wendar> #927588 is tagged with arb, so we don't need to manually track it

 21:19:27 <ajmitch> wendar: are you editing the wiki page at the moment?

 21:19:33 <highvoltage> nice to see that the bug list for the arb tag has come down so much

 21:19:53 <wendar> ajmitch: not at the moment, go ahead

 21:20:07 <wendar> #927588 is not tagged with arb yet, so I'll change that

 21:20:16 * ajmitch was just going to track down a few blueprints & add them under work items

 21:21:01 <wendar> (it's a duplicate anyway, but good to keep it tagged so it gets cleaned up)

 21:21:44 <asomething> python-distutils-extra got a few fixes that landed in quantal that fix up some little arb/quickly things

 21:22:42 <wendar> asomething: great, thanks

 21:22:48 <ajmitch> 3 blueprints linked

 21:23:06 <wendar> asomething: yeah, it looks like that one is Fix Released, so we can drop it from the Agenda

 21:23:26 <asomething> no more lintian warnings about the copyright, no more unused cdbs build dep, no more deprecated {XS, XB}-python fields

 21:23:42 <ajmitch> asomething: ah, very nice, thank you

 21:24:08 <wendar> uds-q-community-q-upstream-outreach-latest

 21:24:26 <wendar> uds-q-desktop-q-quickly-latest

 21:24:39 <ajmitch> I assume we need to get the blueprints approved for quantal & with a milestone set for them to show on status.ubuntu.com

 21:24:51 <ajmitch> wendar: you want those added to the agenda?

 21:25:22 <wendar> ajmitch: yup, we've got ARB workitems on them too

 21:25:44 <wendar> uds-q-community-q-upstream-myapps-latest

 21:26:04 <stgraber> ajmitch: give me the URLs of the ones you need release targeted and accepted and I'll do it

 21:26:34 <wendar> stgraber: some have already been done, but need to check which

 21:26:48 <wendar> ("done" meaning release targeted)

 21:27:48 <ajmitch> wendar: linked those 3

 21:28:27 <ajmitch> stgraber: https://blueprints.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+spec/community-q-app-review-board is the only one unapproved, probably because I need to fill in the whiteboard from the pad

 21:28:29 <wendar> ajmitch: awesome, thanks!

 21:29:01 <stgraber> ajmitch: done

 21:29:26 <ajmitch> stgraber: thanks

 21:31:08 <ajmitch> wendar: how's the pkgme backend coming along?

 21:31:26 <wendar> ajmitch: mostly done, I need to submit it to james for review

 21:31:45 <wendar> ajmitch: (as a branch or a patch, I'm not sure which)

 21:32:07 <ajmitch> branch, probably

 21:32:22 <ajmitch> does it call the other backends once it knows some of the information?

 21:33:22 <wendar> ajmitch: at the moment, no, it's completely standalone

 21:33:48 <wendar> ajmitch: we don't really need any information from the other backends

 21:34:16 <ajmitch> no, but it's useful to have the cmake backend run for cmake-using tarballs

 21:34:27 <wendar> ajmitch: specifically, the Python backend isn't allowed to run on the servers, because it executes arbitrary code

 21:34:47 <wendar> ajmitch: so for python code we can't use the Python backend at all

 21:35:05 <ajmitch> that's a shame, since python code is one of the easier ones to automate

 21:35:12 <wendar> ajmitch: what does the cmake backend add that's useful?

 21:35:30 <wendar> ajmitch: well, Python code is so easy to automate, we don't need the Python backend

 21:35:48 <wendar> ajmitch: our own is good enough

 21:36:04 <ajmitch> alright

 21:36:46 <wendar> ajmitch: I'll make a note to take a look at the cmake backend and see if it's work delegating or copying bits from it

 21:37:00 <wendar> *worth

 21:38:19 * ajmitch thinks that there's probably some useful parts in the other backends

 21:38:43 <wendar> ajmitch: I'll take a look

 21:38:48 <ajmitch> ok

 21:39:02 <ajmitch> what other action items do we want to look at?

 21:39:25 <wendar> ajmitch: mainly, just make sure that all our action items from the pads are now in the blueprints

 21:39:32 <wendar> so they get tracked in status.ubuntu.com

 21:39:47 <ajmitch> looked like they should be there now

 21:41:38 <wendar> also check the priorities, lots are Undefined

 21:41:43 <ajmitch> as for the state of the queue, I've got a busy weekend ahead on submissions I've said I'd look at

 21:43:01 <highvoltage> ajmitch: great.

 21:43:15 <asomething> anyone know what team you need to be on to have your workitems show up on status.ubuntu.com?

 21:43:49 <ajmitch> asomething: afaik you don't need to be on any particular team, but have the blueprints in the right state

 21:43:50 <wendar> I'm guessing that https://blueprints.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+spec/community-q-app-review-board will appear in status.ubuntu.com after the next regeneration, since it's now Approved

 21:44:01 <wendar> asomething: you need to be added to the right team

 21:44:07 <ajmitch> wendar: oh you do?

 21:44:49 <wendar> https://launchpad.net/~ubuntu-community-contributors

 21:44:51 * ajmitch came out of UDS with a relatively short list of work items

 21:45:02 <wendar> ajmitch: smart move :)

 21:45:30 <ajmitch> wendar: it can't be just that team, there's only 11 people in it :)

 21:46:10 <wendar> ajmitch: afaik, ubuntu developers also get added

 21:46:21 <highvoltage> I didn't seem to get ARB ones, but that means that when I have ARB time I can at least use it for looking at submissions.

 21:46:22 <wendar> ajmitch: but not all members

 21:46:41 <ajmitch> highvoltage: heh

 21:46:42 <highvoltage> flavours also get automatically added iirc

 21:47:17 <asomething> well, i'm already pending to join that team. guess I just need to bug someone to approve me. I am in ~ubuntu-dev though...

 21:47:27 <wendar> basically, if you're on one of these teams, you're good: http://status.ubuntu.com/ubuntu-quantal/teams.html

 21:48:25 <wendar> maybe we should get ubuntu-arb added to that...

 21:48:40 <ajmitch> wendar: that'd be good, bug against summit?

 21:48:43 <stgraber> skaet: ^

 21:48:46 <asomething> looks like ~ubuntu-dev needs to be there as well

 21:48:55 <micahg> asomething: why?

 21:49:12 <micahg> sorry (didn't realize this was the meeting channel)

 21:49:30 <ajmitch> micahg: it's ok, you can interrupt :)

 21:49:51 <asomething> micahg, I'd rather not have to join even more teams just to see my work item status.

 21:49:53 * micahg would think something like MOTU might be worthy, but not sure about ubuntu-dev in general as a team

 21:49:56 <wendar> ajmitch: I'm also behind on the queue, I'm afraid I pretty much dropped off the map for two weeks after UDS

 21:50:14 <wendar> (moving and new job apologies)

 21:50:22 <ajmitch> wendar: so have I, apart from looking at some apps locally on my laptop I haven't really touched it

 21:50:35 <ajmitch> no need to apologise, it's a busy time for you :)

 21:50:49 <wendar> I'll also be trying to catch up this week

 21:51:03 <wendar> Last month some people did a Tuesday queue run

 21:51:04 <asomething> i did a few reviews, but nothing I looked at was in shape to suggest ya'll vote on it yet

 21:51:09 <wendar> did that seem useful?

 21:51:16 <ajmitch> I think it was useful

 21:51:26 <wendar> asomething: thanks!

 21:51:35 <wendar> would you like to do one next week?

 21:51:40 * highvoltage also had to work last weekend so will actually take some time to relax this one

 21:51:41 <ajmitch> finding a time that highvoltage & I could work on the queue together was a challenge, but I think it's good to talk to someone else

 21:52:05 <highvoltage> ajmitch: should we try again next week the same time we've done it before?

 21:52:07 <wendar> what time did you finally end up with last time around?

 21:52:32 <highvoltage> it was 6am on a tuesday morning for me... that's... 10:00 UTC

 21:52:44 <ajmitch> 6AM for highvoltage, 10pm for me :)

 21:52:52 <micahg> asomething: if the ARB  had a lot of WI, maybe that team should be on the status tracker as well (apologies if this was already proposed)

 21:53:06 <highvoltage> that was the only hour in the whole week we could align, we scanned through our entire schedule :)

 21:53:21 <highvoltage> *schedules

 21:53:24 <stgraber> micahg: yep, that's the idea, that's why I also poked skaet

 21:54:16 <micahg> ok

 21:54:30 * ajmitch personally wants to try & get a couple of apps through to voting each week if possible

 21:54:43 <wendar> ajmitch: yes, that sounds like a good goal

 21:55:08 <ajmitch> not too high, but we could keep up with the queue fairly quickly if we each did that

 21:56:30 <wendar> highvoltage: that's 3am for me, so I won't join live

 21:56:43 <wendar> highvoltage: but, I could still plan to work on the same day

 21:56:53 <ajmitch> wendar: after showing up for the MOTU meeting at 4AM this week, I can understand why :)

 21:56:56 <wendar> highvoltage: probably a few hours before

 21:57:12 <wendar> highvoltage: or else, a few hours after

 21:57:27 <wendar> so, we'd be working in shifts :)

 21:57:34 <wendar> like, I'm often up working at 6am

 21:57:40 <ajmitch> sounds good

 21:57:55 <highvoltage> wendar: ok. I'm trying to rework my schedules so maybe I could just make tuesdays a general ARB'ish day

 21:58:00 <ajmitch> wendar: you were the last to look at unity-buss, what was the state of that?

 21:58:20 <wendar> ajmitch: I sent her some changes to make (in email cc'd to the list)

 21:58:31 <wendar> ajmitch: afaik, she made them all

 21:58:37 <wendar> but needs to be verified

 21:58:45 * highvoltage feels kind of guilty about unity-buss

 21:58:58 <wendar> I didn't realize at the time that highvoltage was already handling it

 21:59:04 <ajmitch> she's been on irc recently asking about the submission, I thought I'd ask before jumping in with a review

 21:59:05 <wendar> I just responded to a question on IRC

 21:59:27 <highvoltage> wendar: well I'm really glad that you did jump in because I ran out of time right about that stage

 21:59:28 <wendar> highvoltage: no need to feel guilty

 22:00:11 <wendar> highvoltage: yeah, overall I think it's good that we can swap handlers on a package

 22:00:27 <wendar> that's why I CC the list on all messages I send to developers

 22:00:44 <ajmitch> that's useful

 22:00:46 <wendar> I figure if I drop off, anyone else can read the list history and pick up where I left off

 22:00:49 <highvoltage> I tend to do that too, except that most of my interaction with malin was via myapps or IRC

 22:01:06 <wendar> yeah, myapps is trickier

 22:01:20 <wendar> hopefully that'll be fixed soon and all those will be copied to the list too

 22:01:32 <highvoltage> malin is great since she actually hangs out in the arb channel a lot, we don't have many contributors who are that proactive

 22:01:41 <wendar> no idea about IRC, but definitely want to keep using it for devs who can

 22:01:56 <wendar> yeah, she gets major points for active communication

 22:03:30 <wendar> Okay, so this Tuesday we'll do some queue work

 22:03:44 <wendar> I hope to get at least one app up for voting this week.

 22:03:53 <wendar> I had a couple that were nearly ready to go before UDS.

 22:04:04 <wendar> Any other business before we go?

 22:04:15 <wendar> And, who wants to chair the next meeting?

 22:04:29 * ajmitch can chair it

 22:04:48 <wendar> excellent, I'll put you on the agenda

 22:05:06 * ajmitch is a mug for volunteering, but it's at least not a 6AM meeting now

 22:05:40 <wendar> glad the meeting time change helps :)

 22:05:52 <wendar> okay, we'll call that a wrap

 22:05:56 <ajmitch> thanks

 22:05:58 <wendar> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)