#title #ubuntu-meeting: Community Council meeting

Meeting started by dholbach at 17:02:39 UTC.  The full logs are
available at
http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2012/ubuntu-meeting.2012-12-06-17.02.log.html
.



== Meeting summary ==

 *Catching up with the Lubuntu team

 *Catching up with the Edubuntu team

 *Any other business?



Meeting ended at 17:51:40 UTC.



== Votes ==




== Action items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * dholbach (69)
 * gilir (39)
 * stgraber (18)
 * czajkowski (15)
 * highvoltage (11)
 * YokoZar (7)
 * pleia2 (5)
 * cprofitt (4)
 * slangasek (3)
 * meetingology (3)
 * beuno (1)



== Full Log ==


 17:02:39 <dholbach> #startmeeting Community Council meeting

 17:02:39 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Dec  6 17:02:39 2012 UTC.  The chair is dholbach. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 17:02:39 <meetingology> 

 17:02:39 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 17:02:45 <dholbach> #topic Catching up with the Lubuntu team

 17:03:00 <dholbach> gilir, how are you doing? did you bring anyone else from the team? :)

 17:03:12 <gilir> hi :-)

 17:03:33 <gilir> hum, no I forget to advertise this meeting, sorry :-(

 17:03:45 <dholbach> don't worry - next time then :)

 17:04:03 <gilir> since it's my first meeting of this type, sorry if I mess it :-)

 17:04:13 <dholbach> did you get much feedback on the Lubuntu 12.10 release?

 17:04:22 <dholbach> How many releases of Lubuntu did we have already?

 17:04:40 <gilir> yes, mostly positive feedback ofr 12.10

 17:05:22 <gilir> first "official" release should be 11.10

 17:05:30 <dholbach> wow, so 3 releases already

 17:05:33 <gilir> so it's the 3rd I think

 17:05:34 <dholbach> very nice

 17:05:37 <dholbach> :)

 17:05:59 <dholbach> are there many distros in general which are based on lxde?

 17:06:01 <gilir> but I consider the 10.04 as the real first release :-)

 17:06:31 <dholbach> Why would you say so? Was 10.04 where all the lxde packages went into Ubuntu? :)

 17:06:42 <gilir> not many, but some use lxde and /or Openbox as a based

 17:07:04 <gilir> I think it's as popular as xfce for "derivative" distribution

 17:07:21 <dholbach> wow, that's a great achievement

 17:07:38 <gilir> in 10.04 we had most of the packages in Ubuntu, but not the ISO build official on Ubuntu architecture

 17:07:44 <dholbach> ah ok

 17:07:52 <gilir> that's why it's not "official" :-)

 17:07:53 <pleia2> just installed lubuntu on a ppc mac last night, much appreciated that you guys are keeping that going :)

 17:08:01 <dholbach> Do you get support from Upstream? Do they help you with issues and everything?

 17:08:07 <gilir> 11.10 is the first with all packages in, and ISO build "normally" :-)

 17:08:08 <YokoZar> I have noticed a rise on Lubuntu as an advocated alternative

 17:08:34 <gilir> pleia2, we have a lot of tester on PPC, which make it possible, so thanks to them :-)

 17:09:19 <gilir> dholbach, upstream help yes, but there are not very active on all lxde components

 17:09:40 <dholbach> So it's just the popular components which receive updates?

 17:10:03 <gilir> YokoZar, we try to be as light as possible, it's a good argument to test / install it :-)

 17:10:35 <gilir> dholbach, yes, and the ones where a dev is active

 17:10:40 * dholbach nods

 17:11:01 <czajkowski> gilir: what is the biggest obstacle for you guys ?

 17:11:20 <gilir> lxde is a different desktop environnement, all components are independants :-)

 17:11:42 <gilir> so you can have some components well maintained, and some less

 17:12:08 <gilir> czajkowski, mostly, time :-)

 17:12:29 <dholbach> gilir, so you feel you have enough contributors in all the areas of Lubuntu?

 17:12:38 <YokoZar> Are any of our components with rather large upstream deltas (this is the case for a lot of Gnome, for instance)

 17:12:51 <gilir> czajkowski, maybe more devs (as everybody :-)), but we need to clean up our documentation first :-/

 17:13:19 <gilir> dholbach, some areas, we are good (artwork, testing for example)

 17:13:25 <czajkowski> gilir: is there any way we the community council can help you?

 17:14:14 <gilir> czajkowski, I'm afraid not really :-(

 17:14:30 <czajkowski> gilir: well know our door is always open if you do need help or advice.

 17:14:39 <gilir> czajkowski, well, I can't think of a way you could help on the short term, since we have work to do on our side

 17:14:50 <dholbach> gilir, I do regular Ubuntu Development Hangouts - maybe it'd make sense to invite you guys where you can talk a bit about what your team is doing and maybe that'd interest a few people to help out

 17:14:52 <gilir> czajkowski, thanks :-)

 17:15:37 <gilir> dholbach, yes, I just want to clean up our documentation and stuff before, so it will be easier for new contributors

 17:15:39 <cprofitt> gilir: do you need help with documentation? would external assistance help?

 17:15:59 <dholbach> gilir, perfect - I'll send you a mail and we can try to find a date in the new year maybe

 17:16:20 <gilir> cprofitt, no, it's very specific sections (lxde ...) that need clean up

 17:16:52 <gilir> dholbach, ok, it will force me to work on it :-)

 17:16:52 * cprofitt nods

 17:17:51 <dholbach> gilir, sent the mail

 17:18:18 <dholbach> gilir, are you doing fine on the bug front?

 17:19:19 <gilir> dholbach, some triage + SRU needs to be done, but nothing critical I'm aware

 17:19:49 <dholbach> ok :)

 17:20:11 <dholbach> so generally you seem to be doing quite fine - that's great

 17:20:18 <dholbach> do you have many work items and plans for 13.04?

 17:20:24 <gilir> we are trying :-)

 17:20:42 <gilir> the work items are limited for 13.04

 17:21:05 <gilir> but it's on purpose, since last cycle many items was postponed because we didn't have time to do them

 17:21:21 <czajkowski> that makes good planning sense

 17:21:23 <pleia2> understandable

 17:21:24 <dholbach> anything specific you and the team is going to be working on?

 17:22:19 <gilir> dholbach, mostly, some old items, old bugs / features requests

 17:22:36 <dholbach> ok

 17:22:47 <gilir> also working on a specific session of Nexus7, but as a low priority :-)

 17:22:56 <gilir> s/of/for

 17:23:12 <dholbach> are you in touch with the people in #ubuntu-arm?

 17:23:18 <gilir> and because we need to work on fun stuff :-)

 17:23:23 <dholbach> I mean... do you get enough support there?

 17:24:00 <gilir> not a lot, because we still need to fix some stuff on the LXDE side

 17:24:18 <dholbach> ah ok

 17:24:28 <gilir> I also wait for nexus7 stuff to hit official repo

 17:25:30 <dholbach> ok - if you let me know what's stuck, I can try to find the right person for it

 17:25:55 <gilir> dholbach, ok, thanks :-)

 17:26:25 <dholbach> awesome

 17:26:45 <dholbach> I don't think I have any more questions - I'll be in touch about the hangout and maybe from there we can think about another plan to get more people involved :)

 17:27:16 <czajkowski> gilir: thanks for coming

 17:27:18 <pleia2> thanks gilir :)

 17:27:26 <gilir> ok, thanks for your time :-)

 17:27:44 <cprofitt> thanks gilir

 17:28:05 <dholbach> rock on gilir :)

 17:28:20 <dholbach> #topic Catching up with the Edubuntu team

 17:28:28 * stgraber waves

 17:28:31 <YokoZar> Thank you :)

 17:28:43 <pleia2> hey stgraber!

 17:28:48 <dholbach> hey stgraber! :)

 17:28:49 <czajkowski> slangasek: howdy

 17:28:52 <czajkowski> bah

 17:28:55 <czajkowski> stgraber: aloha

 17:29:03 <dholbach> how's life in Edubuntu land? How was the response to 12.10?

 17:29:09 <czajkowski> tab completion will land me in trouble one of these days!

 17:29:12 <slangasek> oh

 17:29:16 * slangasek feels less special now

 17:29:21 <slangasek> ;)

 17:29:35 <stgraber> well, 12.10 wasn't a great release for us, didn't bring much new things and broke ltsp for most users

 17:29:52 <stgraber> so our standing recommendation is to stick to LTS

 17:30:24 <dholbach> what broke in ltsp?

 17:30:50 <YokoZar> Was this an inherited breakage due to underlying parts changing?

 17:32:35 <stgraber> sorry, wifi disconnect :)

 17:32:42 <stgraber> unity 3d doesn't work with ltsp

 17:32:52 <stgraber> it requires over 100mbit of bandwidth just to render the UI

 17:32:59 <pleia2> wow

 17:33:08 <stgraber> so we ask people to stick to unity-2d on 12.04

 17:35:11 <dholbach> And how's the Edubuntu community doing in general?

 17:35:20 <dholbach> Do you get enough support?

 17:35:40 <dholbach> I seem to remember from last meeting that a lot of teachers were involved.

 17:35:51 <stgraber> we have quite a lot of users but our users aren't usually technical enough to help us implement things

 17:35:53 <YokoZar> Which would not be surprising ;)

 17:36:12 <stgraber> but that's not a big problem for us as we only have a fairly limited set of packages to care about

 17:36:34 <dholbach> Right, that makes sense. So in general there's not any area where you'd need some more help?

 17:36:36 <stgraber> and we plan our new features enough in advance that we can implement pretty much everything we plan with only 2-3 developers

 17:37:40 <stgraber> we'll probably need some help with edubuntu server, mostly for the web UI at some point, that seems like the kind of thing we could fairly easily find interested contributors for

 17:38:26 <dholbach> maybe I should make the same offer and try to invite you to an ubuntu development hangout? maybe there you could get some interest :)

 17:39:14 <stgraber> sure, maybe we can get some more feedback on our vision for 14.04 that way and get some new contributors

 17:39:20 <dholbach> awesome

 17:39:24 <dholbach> I'll send you an email too

 17:39:53 <dholbach> Edubuntu has a council - I was wondering if there were any "council activities" in the last cycle. I mean, stuff apart from working on Edubuntu as a team member. :)

 17:40:40 <stgraber> we had a few discussions for hardware/service sponsorship, but that was mostly it

 17:40:56 <stgraber> the rest of the council activities is voting on new members but we haven't had an application in over a year :)

 17:41:20 <czajkowski> stgraber: how does one become a council member ?

 17:41:21 <dholbach> maybe it'd be time to remind people on your mailing lists about the general possibility :)

 17:41:40 <czajkowski> thanks for creating a council address btw, much easier to contact one address.

 17:42:26 <stgraber> czajkowski: we had that address for years, we just don't like people using it so it wasn't on the wiki

 17:43:01 <stgraber> czajkowski: IIRC any ubuntu member can be nominated to be on the EC, then ~edubuntu-members vote

 17:43:13 <stgraber> hey highvoltage

 17:43:14 <highvoltage> yep

 17:43:19 <dholbach> hi highvoltage

 17:43:32 <highvoltage> hello

 17:43:54 <dholbach> anything else you feel the CC could generally help with?

 17:45:12 <highvoltage> dholbach: not that comes to mind right now

 17:45:29 <highvoltage> (sorry my IRC session kind of died so I missed a lot of this as well)

 17:45:50 <dholbach> or anything which is blocking you apart from the ltsp-3d-graphics situation?

 17:46:06 <highvoltage> well,

 17:46:28 <highvoltage> we still have the usual we need more contributors but don't always even have the time to do something about that

 17:46:36 <dholbach> ok

 17:46:38 <highvoltage> (I needed some dashes there)

 17:47:03 <highvoltage> dholbach: but I think continuous time and effort will improve that over time

 17:47:08 <dholbach> highvoltage, I earlier tried to talk to stgraber into joining an ubuntu developer hangout - maybe that'd get some folks interested in contributing :)

 17:47:27 <highvoltage> dholbach: I've been meaning to attend all of them, I just happened to have a clash at every one so far

 17:47:46 <dholbach> we can pick another time to make it more suitable for you

 17:47:49 <dholbach> we'll figure something out

 17:47:52 <highvoltage> *nod*

 17:47:54 <dholbach> maybe early next year

 17:47:55 <dholbach> perfect

 17:48:00 <dholbach> I'm done with questions

 17:48:06 <YokoZar> When highvoltage drafts me into edubuntu :)

 17:48:07 <dholbach> anyone else still has something?

 17:48:17 <czajkowski> nope all good

 17:48:17 <beuno> not from me

 17:48:28 <czajkowski> thanks for coming it;s nice to have these catch ups

 17:48:34 <dholbach> perfect

 17:48:38 <dholbach> thanks a lot stgraber and highvoltage!

 17:48:40 <YokoZar> Yeah it really is, thank you

 17:48:42 <stgraber> np

 17:48:46 <highvoltage> YokoZar: hey I really tried hard at UDS!

 17:48:57 <dholbach> #topic Any other business?

 17:49:10 <dholbach> There's nothing on the wiki agenda.

 17:49:20 <dholbach> And the only thing I can see on our Trello board is the Forums upgrade. Does anyone know how the testing is going?

 17:49:44 <czajkowski> we got an update on the RT for a schedule for friday for stuff to happen

 17:49:50 <czajkowski> no more updates since then

 17:50:00 <dholbach> aha

 17:50:15 <dholbach> I keenly await Friday then! :)

 17:50:17 <cprofitt> dholbach: there is a notice on the forums -- so it looks to be ongoing

 17:50:33 <dholbach> great

 17:50:43 <dholbach> Does anyone have anything else to discuss with the CC?

 17:51:33 <dholbach> Looks like we're all good.

 17:51:37 <dholbach> Thanks a lot everyone!

 17:51:40 <dholbach> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)