#title #ubuntu-meeting Meeting

Meeting started by jdstrand at 18:05:47 UTC.  The full logs are
available at
http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2012/ubuntu-meeting.2012-01-30-18.05.log.html
.



== Meeting summary ==

''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting   (jdstrand, 18:05:52)
 *Announcements

 *Review of any previous action items
''ACTION:'' sbeattie to follow up on qrt bugs from QA team  (jdstrand, 18:09:01)

 *Weekly stand-up report

 *Highlighted packages
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/ocrodjvu.html   (jdstrand, 18:21:37)
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/libspring-security-2.0-java.html   (jdstrand, 18:21:40)
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/hammerhead.html   (jdstrand, 18:21:43)
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/ziproxy.html   (jdstrand, 18:21:45)
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/smbind.html   (jdstrand, 18:21:48)

 *Miscellaneous and Questions



Meeting ended at 18:26:10 UTC.



== Votes ==




== Action items ==

 * sbeattie to follow up on qrt bugs from QA team



== Action items, by person ==

 * sbeattie
 ** sbeattie to follow up on qrt bugs from QA team



== People present (lines said) ==

 * jdstrand (47)
 * sbeattie (10)
 * micahg (7)
 * mdeslaur (6)
 * tyhicks (6)
 * meetingology (4)
 * kalimojo (3)
 * jamespage (1)



== Full Log ==


 18:05:47 <jdstrand> #startmeeting

 18:05:47 <meetingology> Meeting started Mon Jan 30 18:05:47 2012 UTC.  The chair is jdstrand. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 18:05:47 <meetingology> 

 18:05:47 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 18:05:51 <jdstrand> The meeting agenda can be found at:

 18:05:52 <jdstrand> [LINK] https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting

 18:05:55 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Announcements

 18:06:35 <jdstrand> FeatureFreeze is coming in a little more than two weeks (February 16th). Please try to finish any non-bugfix work items that are tied to the release by this date. Please talk to mdeslaur (and optionally me)  soon if there are issues meeting this deadline. This is particularly true for essential and high priority items.

 18:07:03 <jdstrand> * Thanks

 18:07:08 <jdstrand> Jame Page (jamespage) provided oneiric debdiffs for Jenkins (LP: #914628)

 18:07:12 <jdstrand> Your work is very much appreciated and will keep Ubuntu users secure. Great job! :)

 18:07:25 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Review of any previous action items

 18:07:27 <jamespage> jdstrand, np

 18:07:36 <jdstrand> :)

 18:07:39 * jdstrand jdstrand to make sure ubuntu-security gets QRT bug mail: DONE

 18:07:46 * jdstrand sbeattie to follow up on qrt bugs from QA team

 18:07:56 <jdstrand> sbeattie: iirc, you did that, right? ^

 18:08:14 <sbeattie> jdstrand: bah, no, sorry, will do this week

 18:08:37 <sbeattie> please keep the action around

 18:08:46 <jdstrand> sbeattie: hmm, I think there might not be any more, but yes, please do. thanks

 18:09:01 <jdstrand> [ACTION] sbeattie to follow up on qrt bugs from QA team

 18:09:01 * meetingology sbeattie to follow up on qrt bugs from QA team

 18:09:09 <sbeattie> well, nuclearbob set the status of those to opinion

 18:09:18 <sbeattie> which treats them as closed.

 18:09:21 <sbeattie> Anyway.

 18:09:34 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Weekly stand-up report

 18:09:39 <jdstrand> I'll go first

 18:09:56 <jdstrand> In addition to updates, etc, last week I focused a lot on improvements to UCT for CVE triage, particularly around triaging the output of the locate_cves.py script that mdeslaur wrote

 18:10:22 <jdstrand> I've handed off the remaining CVEs to tyhicks, and we will pass the list around til we are caught up

 18:10:34 <jdstrand> I'm on community this week

 18:10:51 <jdstrand> patch piloting today

 18:11:02 <jdstrand> have a lot of audits to do-- didn't do any last week

 18:11:31 <jdstrand> I would like to finish the essential work items I have that are tied to the release this week. hopefully won't take long

 18:11:40 <jdstrand> I'll do an update if I have time

 18:11:43 <jdstrand> mdeslaur: you're up

 18:12:27 <mdeslaur> I'm working at testing a couple of embargoed updates that will be published tomorrow, and will pick some stuff off the CVE list to fix next

 18:12:37 <mdeslaur> I'm in the happy place this week, and that's it from me

 18:12:39 <mdeslaur> sbeattie: you're up

 18:13:03 <sbeattie> I'm also in the happy place this week.

 18:13:22 <sbeattie> Working on finishing up the openssl and glibc updates I have on my plate

 18:13:48 <sbeattie> I'll also peek at my work items

 18:13:57 <sbeattie> that's pretty much it for me.

 18:14:01 <sbeattie> micahg: ?

 18:14:42 <micahg> I'm trying to get a new chromium in precise before alpha2 (unfortunately, just i386 and amd64 ATM), it's Mozilla release week, so we'll be updating all releases to Firefox 10

 18:15:04 <micahg> Rapid release migration was finished last week \o/

 18:15:26 <mdeslaur> \o/

 18:15:27 <micahg> at least for Firefox :), we're considering doing thunderbird during the 10 timeframe though as well

 18:15:40 <jdstrand> \o/

 18:15:44 <micahg> I think that's it for me

 18:15:44 * jdstrand hugs micahg

 18:16:02 <mdeslaur> micahg: did we get any major issues, or did everything go smoothly?

 18:16:07 <jdstrand> I know that was not the easiest thing, but hopefully now things will get better on the mozilla front

 18:16:22 <micahg> mdeslaur: mostly smoothly, we missed promoting a lot of stuff

 18:16:38 <micahg> and there's an ubufox upgrade bug from the stable PPA to the archive which I'll fix when we push out 10

 18:16:53 <mdeslaur> micahg: ok, minor things...good job!

 18:17:04 <tyhicks> I'm in the triage role this week

 18:17:10 <micahg> yeah, we caught the larger regressions in -proposed :)

 18:17:30 <jdstrand> micahg: nice job

 18:17:44 <jdstrand> anecdotally, lucid users I know had no issues

 18:18:18 <jdstrand> tyhicks: sorry, please proceed

 18:18:22 <tyhicks> no problem :)

 18:18:26 <tyhicks> I'm in the triage role

 18:18:55 <tyhicks> I'll be working on triaging the CVE's that jdstrand mentioned above

 18:19:45 <tyhicks> I didn't get to my update queue like I had planned last week, due to some work items stealing focus, but I completed those and I will focus on my update queue this week

 18:20:02 <tyhicks> That's it for me - jjohansen?

 18:20:39 <jdstrand> jjohansen is out today

 18:20:58 <jdstrand> I know he is working hard on work items and updates as they come up

 18:21:10 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Highlighted packages

 18:21:19 <jdstrand> The Ubuntu Security team will highlight some community-supported packages that might be good candidates for updating and or triaging. If you would like to help Ubuntu and not sure where to start, this is a great way to do so.

 18:21:23 <jdstrand> See https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/UpdateProcedures for details and if you have any questions, feel free to ask in #ubuntu-security. To find out other ways of helping out, please see https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/GettingInvolved.

 18:21:37 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/ocrodjvu.html

 18:21:40 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/libspring-security-2.0-java.html

 18:21:43 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/hammerhead.html

 18:21:45 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/ziproxy.html

 18:21:48 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/smbind.html

 18:21:58 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Miscellaneous and Questions

 18:22:03 <jdstrand> Does anyone have any other questions or items to discuss?

 18:23:22 <kalimojo> hi

 18:24:05 <jdstrand> kalimojo: hi. this is the weekly ubuntu-security meeting. do you have something to discuss with us?

 18:24:41 <kalimojo> i was looking for help on image editing sw

 18:25:21 <jdstrand> kalimojo: you would probably want #ubuntu on Freenode

 18:25:31 <kalimojo> ok

 18:26:07 <jdstrand> mdeslaur, sbeattie, micahg, tyhicks: thanks!

 18:26:10 <jdstrand> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)