#title #ubuntu-meeting Meeting

Meeting started by slangasek at 15:02:26 UTC.  The full logs are
available at
http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2012/ubuntu-meeting.2012-05-23-15.02.log.html
.



== Meeting summary ==

 *lightning round

 *Bugs

 *Blueprints

 *AOB



Meeting ended at 15:40:37 UTC.



== Votes ==




== Action items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * slangasek (73)
 * cjwatson (43)
 * ogra_ (35)
 * stgraber (29)
 * xnox (28)
 * bdmurray (22)
 * infinity (17)
 * ubottu (14)
 * jodh (13)
 * barry (11)
 * jdstrand (5)
 * meetingology` (3)
 * mvo (1)



== Full Log ==


 15:02:26 <slangasek> #startmeeting

 15:02:26 <meetingology`> Meeting started Wed May 23 15:02:26 2012 UTC.  The chair is slangasek. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 15:02:26 <meetingology`> 

 15:02:26 <meetingology`> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 15:02:33 <slangasek> [TOPIC] lightning round

 15:02:37 <slangasek> $ echo $(shuf -e barry doko stgraber jodh ev bdmurray slangasek ogra infinity cjwatson xnox)

 15:02:40 <slangasek> barry jodh infinity xnox ev cjwatson bdmurray ogra slangasek stgraber doko

 15:02:48 * barry wins!

 15:02:51 <barry> syncs: twisted, python-testtools, python-defer, subunit, dbus-python. reviewed py3 branch for testresource.  started working on bug 1000801 (lazr.restfulclient port). started porting wsgi-intercept. reviewed glatzor's py3 branch for software-properties.  patch pilot: reviewed xnox's python-couchdb merge, bkerensa's fix for bug 962974, takluyver's py3 python-tz branch (merged & uploaded), bug 1002861 (sync'd canto). dmb meeting.  todo:

 15:02:51 <barry> return to porting the lazr.restfulclient stack.  done.

 15:02:53 <slangasek> er, wait

 15:02:53 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1000801 in lazr.restfulclient "Add support for Python 3" [High,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1000801

 15:02:54 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 962974 in landscape-client (Ubuntu) ""Management Service" is gratuitously vague" [Low,Opinion] https://launchpad.net/bugs/962974

 15:02:55 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1002861 in canto (Debian) "Sync canto 0.7.10-3 (universe) from Debian unstable (main)" [Unknown,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1002861

 15:02:56 <slangasek> stokachu: are you here?

 15:03:07 <barry> too late :)

 15:03:08 <slangasek> $ echo $(shuf -e barry doko stgraber jodh ev bdmurray slangasek ogra infinity cjwatson xnox stokachu)

 15:03:10 <slangasek> jodh bdmurray ev xnox stgraber doko ogra infinity stokachu barry slangasek cjwatson

 15:03:13 <slangasek> new order ;)

 15:03:15 * barry loses

 15:03:17 <slangasek> barry: you'll just have to go twice ;)

 15:03:20 <jodh> * [misc/planning]: fleshed out work items (and sizings) for 7 blueprints.

 15:03:20 <jodh> * [boot/upstart]:

 15:03:20 <jodh> - wrote spec for stateful re-exec (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/FoundationsTeam/Specs/QuantalUpstartStatefulReexec)

 15:03:20 <jodh> - evaluated a number of JSON libraries.

 15:03:23 <jodh> - wrote a basic JSON test prog to validate a fragment of the expected

 15:03:26 <jodh> JSON schema.

 15:03:29 <jodh> - started work on stateful re-exec.

 15:03:32 <jodh> - NIH blog post.

 15:03:35 <jodh> - drafted an Upstart blog post on logging.

 15:03:39 <jodh> ㄆ

 15:03:55 * infinity wakes up.

 15:04:04 <bdmurray> modified apport to set importance of python tracebacks to Medium

 15:04:05 <bdmurray> modified apport to carry over release tags from duplicates to the master bug

 15:04:07 <bdmurray> wrote and ran launchpadlib code to copy tags over from duplicate apport-crash bug reports

 15:04:10 <bdmurray> apport branch to block 'not a debian format' archive bug reporting

 15:04:13 <bdmurray> put checks for corrupt packages for package install failures in apport instead of having apt check

 15:04:16 <bdmurray> update-manager merge for the fix to bug 999890

 15:04:17 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 999890 in update-manager (Ubuntu Precise) "does not block follow up errors from earlier reports" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/999890

 15:04:18 <barry> slangasek: oh, i get it: new order <- joy division <- warsaw

 15:04:19 <bdmurray> wrote lplib code to delete update-manager clone attachments due to security issue

 15:04:22 <bdmurray> modified bug bot to remove bad attachments from update-manager reported bugs

 15:04:24 <slangasek> hah

 15:04:25 <bdmurray> modified bug bot to write to a log file for easier auditing of work done

 15:04:27 <bdmurray> modified search-bugs in bugpatterns to show count of duplicates for the master bug

 15:04:36 <bdmurray> modified lp-grab-attachments to have a --descriptions option

 15:04:36 <bdmurray> updating firefox-lp-improvements with the new version of lp_work_item_editor

 15:04:39 <bdmurray> arsenal branch to create a report of bug task with the most duplicates

 15:04:41 <mvo> \o/

 15:04:42 <bdmurray> wrote a bugpattern for ubiquity bug 998492

 15:04:43 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 998492 in ubiquity (Ubuntu Precise) "Fails to detect package download errors on architectures other than amd64" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/998492

 15:04:44 <bdmurray> added a11y opportunity to harvest-data

 15:04:45 <bdmurray> moved harvest opportunity creation scripts from ubuntu-qa-tools to harvest-data

 15:04:48 <bdmurray> review of package install failures due to /etc/default/grub modifications gone bad

 15:05:07 <bdmurray> done‼

 15:05:45 <infinity> bdmurray: That seemed out of order. :P

 15:06:00 <infinity> - worked on organising and tidying specs

 15:06:00 <infinity> - spent a lot of time looking into armel/armhf toolchain woes

 15:06:00 <infinity> - spent even more time looking into nscd/netgroups bugs

 15:06:01 <infinity> ...

 15:06:10 <infinity> ^-- Remarkably short this week.

 15:06:26 <bdmurray> infinity: I was following the new order

 15:06:42 <xnox> infinity: you are out of order =)

 15:06:46 <infinity> bdmurray: Oh, I completely missed the new new order.

 15:06:50 <ogra_> infinity, i added a WI for you to https://blueprints.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+spec/foundations-q-drop-preinst-images

 15:07:02 <ogra_> (just for tracking purposes)

 15:07:34 * infinity isn't all here today.

 15:08:18 * xnox looks for ev

 15:08:44 <ogra_> xnox, just move :)

 15:08:44 <slangasek> ev:

 15:08:53 <xnox> software-raid:

 15:08:54 <xnox> * collaborating with kees on https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ReliableRaid/History

 15:08:54 <xnox> * already from above, prepared some udev fixes for mdadm bug 957494 bug 968074 bug 1002357, pending sponsorship

 15:08:54 <xnox> * establishing access to bare metal machines in the QA lab

 15:08:55 <xnox> * ordered external quad HDD housing for RAID testing, being shipped from china

 15:08:55 <xnox> * next step to establish RAID Architecture Specification

 15:08:55 <xnox> ubiquity-lvm-luks:

 15:08:55 <xnox> * added workitems to the blueprint

 15:08:56 <xnox> * discussing requirements/roadmap/first steps with stakeholders

 15:08:56 <xnox> * next step to start building/modifying ubiquity

 15:08:56 <xnox> python-versions:

 15:08:57 <xnox> * tracker deployed at http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/transitions/onlypy3oncd.html

 15:08:57 <xnox> * next step finish up local py3 branch for apparmor

 15:08:57 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 957494 in mdadm (Ubuntu Precise) "Missing added utility 'mdmon'" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/957494

 15:09:17 <xnox> bug 968074

 15:09:19 <barry> xnox: thanks for the tracker!

 15:09:24 <xnox> bug 1002357

 15:09:37 <jdstrand> xnox: you are doing the python3 porting for apparmor?

 15:09:52 <slangasek> ev: you're not here

 15:09:52 <slangasek> xnox:

 15:10:24 <xnox> jdstrand: well, i did a little work (there isn't much tbh) spotted a few things that were not bi-lingual

 15:10:32 <xnox> py2/py3

 15:10:44 <xnox> jdstrand: are you doing it as well?

 15:10:46 <jdstrand> xnox: ok, feel free to takl to me after the meeting

 15:10:50 <xnox> ok

 15:10:58 <jdstrand> xnox: we have work items for it, yes

 15:11:24 <slangasek> xnox: did you give up on getting access to the lab machines for HD testing, then?

 15:11:26 <jdstrand> xnox: I might also mention that ufw is actively being ported

 15:11:46 <barry> jdstrand: nice

 15:12:02 * jdstrand has a work item for that

 15:12:11 <xnox> slangasek: I got VPN today, but don't have access to any machines behind the VPN yet. I still one both. Lab for automatic, local for troubleshooting/personal dogfooding

 15:12:27 <slangasek> xnox: ok

 15:12:30 <xnox> s/one/want/

 15:13:36 <slangasek> stgraber:

 15:13:47 <stgraber> Short week, was off on Monday:

 15:13:47 <stgraber> - Networking

 15:13:47 <stgraber> - Spent some time testing candidates SRU for an IPv6 bug in Network Manager

 15:13:49 <stgraber> - SRU

 15:13:52 <stgraber> - Verification testing of nagios-nrpe and lxc

 15:13:54 <stgraber> - Started preparing the next lxc SRU

 15:13:57 <stgraber> - Containers

 15:13:59 <stgraber> - Reworked the lxc-ubuntu template to be much easier to maintain

 15:14:02 <slangasek> (then no doko, so ogra_ next)

 15:14:02 <stgraber> - Worked with Serge on API design for liblxc, worked on the initial structure of the python binding

 15:14:05 <stgraber> - Fixed some races in lxc-start-ephemeral, made it consistently call sudo and dropped the separate

 15:14:08 <stgraber> and complex lxc-ip for a simple call to the new "ip netns" instead

 15:14:11 <stgraber> - ISO tracker

 15:14:13 <stgraber> - Continued the work to get qa-q-isotracker-testcases implemented, all of the backend work is done

 15:14:16 <stgraber> and most of the frontend work nears completion, there's some admin UI work left and API update

 15:14:19 <stgraber> - Migration code works fine, result can be seen at http://iso.qa.dev.stgraber.org

 15:14:22 <stgraber> If you don't see anything, that's fine, the idea was not to loose any history data and have the new cool

 15:14:25 <stgraber> stuff show up only for the new products.

 15:14:28 <stgraber> - Other

 15:14:30 <stgraber> - Drafted and sent all my specs for review

 15:14:33 <stgraber> - Patch pilot on Friday

 15:14:35 <stgraber> - TODO this week

 15:14:38 <stgraber> - Push an LXC SRU, cherry-picking the important fixes from the recent quantal uploads

 15:14:41 <stgraber> - Get enough of the ISO tracker work done so that QA can test it and work on smaller changes

 15:14:44 <stgraber> (DONE)

 15:14:52 <ogra_> phew

 15:14:56 <ogra_> done:

 15:14:56 <ogra_> * ascension day on thu.

 15:14:56 <ogra_> * filled WIs on foundations-q-embedded-rootfs, foundations-q-hwpack-integration and added two items to foundations-q-drop-preinst-images

 15:14:56 <ogra_> (for tracking purpose only)

 15:14:56 <ogra_> * finally MoM is back, worked on merges

 15:14:58 <ogra_> * started looking into the gcc-4.7 FTBFS list on debian (on request from doko)

 15:15:00 <ogra_> todo:

 15:15:02 <ogra_> * more merges

 15:15:06 <ogra_> * more FTBFS

 15:15:08 <ogra_> * start looking into the armhf image situation in preparation for A1

 15:15:10 <ogra_> (fells so small to go after stgraber)

 15:15:12 <ogra_> ..

 15:16:11 <stgraber> ogra_: you're just better at summarizing it ;)

 15:16:17 <ogra_> haha

 15:16:45 <slangasek> stokachu: here?

 15:16:48 <slangasek> stokachu: no worries if not

 15:17:07 * xnox the new new order is broken, we need an SRU

 15:17:10 <infinity> Yeah, I have to figure out how to expand more too. :P

 15:17:22 <slangasek> looks like that makes it my turn

 15:17:23 <infinity> Or just mention every single AA, SRU, etc task.

 15:17:30 <ogra_> lets hire a ghostwriter ;)

 15:17:35 <slangasek> * fixing up update-notifier SRU, apparently our translators are too efficient and translate things that shouldn't be (bug #1003100)

 15:17:37 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1003100 in update-notifier (Ubuntu Quantal) "package-data-downloader: KeyError: 'paquetes'" [High,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1003100

 15:17:38 <slangasek> * pushed a bug report to plymouth in Debian, requesting a backport for an API mountall needs

 15:17:41 <slangasek> * mountall bug triage in preparation for uploading to Debian

 15:17:42 <slangasek> * SRU processing generally

 15:17:44 <slangasek> * sponsored sudo merge, and uploaded pkexec (bug #982684)

 15:17:46 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 982684 in sudo (Ubuntu Quantal) "sudo, pkexec don't apply global environment settings from /etc/environment" [Medium,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/982684

 15:17:47 <slangasek> * ia32-libs SRU for bug #1000541

 15:17:48 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1000541 in ia32-libs (Ubuntu Quantal) "ia32-libs-multiarch depends on gstreamer0.10-fluendo-mp3, causing problems when installing packages from partner" [Medium,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1000541

 15:17:48 <slangasek> cjwatson:

 15:17:51 <slangasek> * getting things organized for DebConf

 15:17:53 <slangasek> (done)

 15:18:01 <cjwatson> Uploaded ubiquity Python 3 port.  Fixed some resulting breakage (decoding Unicode at wrong point).

 15:18:04 <cjwatson> Landed per-packageset build scoring.

 15:18:07 <cjwatson> Started work on allowing per-pocket archive permissions.

 15:18:10 <cjwatson> Verified dh-make SRU.

 15:18:12 <cjwatson> Uploaded ubuntu-keyring with new archive and cdimage signing keys.  Needs SRUs.

 15:18:15 <cjwatson> Resurrected merges.ubuntu.com, with help from IS.

 15:18:18 <cjwatson> Lots of merges.

 15:18:20 <cjwatson> Fixed stale files being left behind in ftpmaster's germinate output directory.

 15:18:23 <cjwatson> Arranged for buildd admins to be able to adjust per-archive build scoring (pending deployment).

 15:18:26 <cjwatson> Moved Ubuntu-specific publishing hooks out of Launchpad, in preparation for upgrading them to use the new archive signing key for >=quantal.

 15:18:30 <cjwatson> Made a couple of live-installer improvements requested by the server team.

 15:18:32 <cjwatson> Various adjustments to cope with recent kernel flavour renamings.

 15:18:35 <cjwatson> Removed "Essential: yes" from python-minimal.

 15:18:37 <cjwatson> Merged xdeb staged-bootstrap patch.

 15:18:40 <cjwatson> Opened main vs. universe discussion with kubuntu-devel (https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/kubuntu-devel/2012-May/006080.html).

 15:18:43 <cjwatson> Gave Daviey some basic archive admin training.

 15:18:45 <cjwatson> ☕

 15:19:05 <ogra_> is that a coffepot or something else that generates steam ?

 15:19:15 <cjwatson> U+2615 HOT BEVERAGE

 15:19:19 <ogra_> ah

 15:19:45 <ogra_> so not what my initial thought was then :)

 15:19:54 * xnox ogra_: there is scribe team for ghostwritting ;-) hot beverage! I want an iced tea ;-)

 15:20:10 <cjwatson> infinity: FYI the per-archive scoring will basically be:

 15:20:13 <cjwatson> archive = whatever

 15:20:40 <cjwatson> archive.relative_build_score  # fetch attribute to work around bug 662740

 15:20:40 <infinity> cjwatson: I was actually more interested in the bullet point about finally dropping python-minimal out of Essential. \o/

 15:20:41 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 662740 in lazr.restfulclient "Setting an attribute on a shim object without first reading an attribute causes a crash" [Low,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/662740

 15:20:47 <cjwatson> archive.relative_build_score = whatever

 15:20:49 <cjwatson> archive.lp_save()

 15:21:13 <cjwatson> infinity: it's still in prio required though ;)

 15:21:20 <infinity> Oh.

 15:21:25 <infinity> Less excited.

 15:21:45 <slangasek> ogra_: pile of poo is a different unicode character

 15:21:46 <cjwatson> Though I guess dpkg won't complain if you remove it.

 15:22:11 <ogra_> slangasek, heh, yeah, but its small enough to misread it in my xchat :)

 15:22:20 <slangasek> bug #820034

 15:22:21 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 820034 in Ubuntu Font Family "Expansion: Miscellaneous Symbols and Pictographs U+1F4A9" [Wishlist,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/820034

 15:23:03 <slangasek> any more questions about any of the above?

 15:23:04 <ogra_> *grin*

 15:23:39 <slangasek> [TOPIC] Bugs

 15:23:46 * ogra_ likes the elegant aspect in that bug :)

 15:24:27 <slangasek> bdmurray: anything showing up yet to worry about for 12.10?

 15:24:40 <bdmurray> slangasek: no not yet

 15:25:15 <slangasek> there are a few bugs jibel's been escalating to us based on the auto-tests... I need to pin down this debootstrap one today

 15:25:24 <cjwatson> I'm about to look at bug 1003443

 15:25:25 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1003443 in ubiquity (Ubuntu Quantal) "Ubuntu Quantal Desktop 21120523 failed to install" [Critical,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1003443

 15:25:34 * slangasek nods

 15:25:52 <cjwatson> May be an HD fault as the error suggests, but might as well check

 15:26:01 <slangasek> right

 15:26:09 <cjwatson> And I'm just fixing bug 1003440 now

 15:26:11 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1003440 in ubuntu-meta (Ubuntu Quantal) "Unicode characters in language list" [Medium,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1003440

 15:26:18 <slangasek> the debootstrap bug is bug #1001460

 15:26:19 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1001460 in sysvinit (Ubuntu Quantal) "preinst fails in d-i" [Critical,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1001460

 15:26:34 <slangasek> which I still have no idea how that's happening :P

 15:26:50 <cjwatson> Have you had a chance to compare against a /var/log/bootstrap.log for precise?

 15:26:53 <slangasek> (hints accepted, if someone knows)

 15:27:00 <slangasek> cjwatson: hmm, no, good idea

 15:27:38 <cjwatson> The one I have to hand shows makedev successfully running insserv, so not just the set +e => -e thing I pointed out

 15:27:46 <cjwatson> But that dates from 2011-12-20

 15:27:59 <cjwatson> Aha

 15:27:59 <slangasek> successfully *running* insserv?

 15:28:08 <cjwatson> Here's one from 2012-03-20:

 15:28:14 <cjwatson> Selecting previously unselected package makedev.

 15:28:14 <cjwatson> Unpacking makedev (from .../makedev_2.3.1-89ubuntu2_all.deb) ...

 15:28:14 <cjwatson> update-rc.d: using dependency based boot sequencing

 15:28:14 <cjwatson> Can't exec "insserv": No such file or directory at /usr/sbin/update-rc.d line 402.

 15:28:17 <cjwatson> update-rc.d: error: insserv rejected the script header

 15:28:21 <slangasek> hmm

 15:28:28 <cjwatson> So this was happening in precise too and it's just the -e change

 15:28:31 <slangasek> ah

 15:28:37 <slangasek> ok, thanks

 15:28:39 <ogra_> didnt stokachu fix that in latest insserv

 15:28:40 <cjwatson> There's proximate cause for you, not so much with the root cause

 15:28:42 <slangasek> I'll fix sysvinit then :)

 15:28:56 <slangasek> ogra_: what he fixed was to make insserv disappear from the path because third-parties mistook it for an interface

 15:29:01 <ogra_> ah

 15:29:21 * ogra_ just remembered something update-rc.d from precise

 15:29:28 <ogra_> +related

 15:29:55 <slangasek> so anyway, yeah, I should be able to work it out from there - thanks cjwatson

 15:30:01 <infinity> Robbie seems to have some valid points on the bug ~6h ago.

 15:30:18 <infinity> Robie, even.  Silly people and their lack of Bs.

 15:30:30 <slangasek> bdmurray: anything on the 12.04.1 front?

 15:30:46 <slangasek> stgraber: or anything you know about for 12.04.1 that you need help with?

 15:30:48 <cjwatson> There are a lot of these kinds of loops in the base system

 15:31:05 <bdmurray> slangasek: not much their either yet

 15:31:07 <cjwatson> But yeah, possibly

 15:31:27 <stgraber> slangasek: not at this time. I've been looking at the pending SRUs, trying to get them through quickly, but most of my time is currently going on trying to have the iso tracker work done ASAP

 15:31:35 <stgraber> (so I can then focus more on 12.04.1)

 15:31:38 <slangasek> ok

 15:32:06 <slangasek> (I guess that includes the "iso" tracker work that gives us a framework for SRU verifications?)

 15:34:22 <slangasek> [TOPIC] Blueprints

 15:34:47 <slangasek> not much to say on my side... but figured I'd bring up the topic in case anyone has concerns to discuss

 15:34:56 <slangasek> hopefully the drafting is all done by now

 15:35:02 <slangasek> (anyone not done with drafting?)

 15:35:08 <stgraber> slangasek: yeah

 15:35:36 <stgraber> slangasek: (that yeah applies to the part about framework for SRU verification)

 15:35:41 * slangasek nods

 15:35:49 <xnox> hardware-notifications needs drafting still on my side.

 15:35:53 * xnox sorry.

 15:36:00 <ogra_> depends where you draw the line

 15:36:07 <ogra_> i still need pretty wikipages

 15:36:15 <ogra_> Wis are there

 15:36:25 <slangasek> xnox: 'sok

 15:36:41 <jodh> I've drafted the work items, but some can't be broken down into <= 2 day chunks without spending quite some time on the design and I'm not even sure we're planning to do some of them, so...

 15:36:45 <slangasek> ogra_: WIs are a good start, as that gives us pretty graphs :)

 15:36:52 <ogra_> :)

 15:36:58 <cjwatson> with the exception of the server installer bits, I think I'm pretty much done

 15:37:03 <slangasek> ok

 15:37:25 <slangasek> sounds like we're in pretty good shape overall then

 15:38:09 <slangasek> jodh: that's still ok for this point in the cycle, don't worry about it - and yes, we'll drill down into the question of which ones to do

 15:38:20 <slangasek> [TOPIC] AOB

 15:38:28 <jodh> slangasek: ok, thanks!

 15:38:28 <slangasek> Anything else to discuss?

 15:38:39 <bdmurray> I'm out next monday

 15:38:50 <barry> next monday is a usa holiday

 15:38:52 <slangasek> yep

 15:38:53 <jodh> should we discuss the "on hold" music for next time? ;)

 15:38:53 <ogra_> arent most of us ?

 15:38:57 <slangasek> so I'm out too next Monday

 15:39:07 <ogra_> german holiday too

 15:39:12 <slangasek> !

 15:39:17 <slangasek> why does Germany get TWO holidays in May

 15:39:19 <infinity> I'm in Hong Kong next week.

 15:39:23 <slangasek> so not fair

 15:39:27 <ogra_> slangasek, merkel

 15:39:31 <slangasek> haha

 15:39:53 * xnox uk has Queens jubilee the week after a believe or something

 15:40:00 * barry fondly remembers mlk day and presidents day :)

 15:40:16 <slangasek> barry: I remember them being in a crappy season ;)

 15:40:21 <barry> :-D

 15:40:37 <slangasek> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)