#title #ubuntu-meeting Meeting

Meeting started by barry at 16:06:47 UTC.  The full logs are available
at
http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2012/ubuntu-meeting.2012-11-14-16.06.log.html
.



== Meeting summary ==

 *lightning round
''LINK:'' https://code.launchpad.net/~cjwatson/launchpad/always-copy-packages-asynchronously-2/+merge/131928   (cjwatson, 16:07:54)
''LINK:'' https://code.launchpad.net/~cjwatson/launchpad/always-copy-packages-asynchronously-2/+merge/131928   (cjwatson, 16:08:00)

 *bugs

 *aob



Meeting ended at 16:45:08 UTC.



== Votes ==




== Action items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * xnox (73)
 * ogra_ (46)
 * barry (32)
 * stgraber (31)
 * cjwatson (30)
 * ubottu (29)
 * bdmurray (18)
 * ev (15)
 * doko_ (14)
 * jodh (13)
 * stokachu (11)
 * meetingology (3)
 * micahg (1)



== Full Log ==


 16:06:47 <barry> #startmeeting

 16:06:48 <meetingology> Meeting started Wed Nov 14 16:06:47 2012 UTC.  The chair is barry. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:06:48 <meetingology> 

 16:06:48 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 16:07:05 <barry> #topic lightning round

 16:07:19 <barry> i don't have the list, so how 'bouts we go alphabetical?

 16:07:27 <xnox> go barry =)

 16:07:38 <barry> bug 1076107 (upgrade requests to 0.14.2); reviewed ~mvo fix for bug 1071388; bug 846044 (dbus-python re-upload to quantal-proposed); bug 1029094 (replace simplejson with json in ubuntuone-control-panel); bug 1076186 (raring, and quantal sru ubuntu-release-upgrader); python-oauthlib upgrade to 0.3.2-0ubuntu1, and then to 0.3.3-0ubuntu1; debian bug 664759 (packaging for python-tox); bug 1077083 (oauth->oauthlib for piston-mini-client, in

 16:07:38 <barry> progress); virtualenv 1.8.2 (in progress); patch piloting (see previous report); blueprints and other work items for raring; various system administration tasks (upgrades, repairs, nexus7 installation).   done.

 16:07:44 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1076107 in requests (Debian) "Upgrade to new upstream version 0.14.2" [Unknown,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1076107

 16:07:45 <barry> but you already knew ^^

 16:07:45 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1071388 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu Quantal) "UnicodeDecodeError in askYesNoQuestion of DistUpgradeViewText.py" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1071388

 16:07:47 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 846044 in dbus-python (Ubuntu Quantal) "software-center crashed with UnicodeEncodeError in get_dbus_message(): 'ascii' codec can't encode character u'\xfc' in position 65: ordinal not in range(128)" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/846044

 16:07:48 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1029094 in ubuntuone-control-panel (Ubuntu Raring) "Replace simplejson with json" [Undecided,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1029094

 16:07:49 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1076186 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu Quantal) "not possible to upgrade to raring" [High,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1076186

 16:07:54 <cjwatson> https://code.launchpad.net/~cjwatson/launchpad/always-copy-packages-asynchronously-2/+merge/131928

 16:07:57 <cjwatson> oops

 16:08:00 <cjwatson> https://code.launchpad.net/~cjwatson/launchpad/always-copy-packages-asynchronously-2/+merge/131928

 16:08:03 <cjwatson> ARGH

 16:08:07 * xnox thinks security team does a baton. Once you finish yours you get to pick who is next.

 16:08:10 <barry> no worries, i'm done :)

 16:08:10 <cjwatson> Fixed crazy python-apt test failure.

 16:08:10 <cjwatson> Made intermittent progress on Secure Boot backports for 12.04.2.  Still more to do.

 16:08:13 <cjwatson> Backported upstream fix for rare data corruption in cp/mv/install (bug 1073514).

 16:08:15 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1073514 in coreutils (Ubuntu Quantal) "cp, mv, install: data loss due to free memory read" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1073514

 16:08:16 <cjwatson> Tweaked raring images to include only a signed kernel, and generate the unsigned kernel from it.

 16:08:19 <cjwatson> Spent a good deal of time babysitting proposed-migration, image builds, and the like.  The initial flood of minor problems seems to be tailing off now.

 16:08:22 <cjwatson> Working on a cross-autobuilder so that we can test armhf cross-building at scale; taking the opportunity to learn juju.  Nothing to show just yet but I think I'm fairly close to having a working wanna-build charm.

 16:08:25 * bdmurray waits

 16:08:27 <cjwatson> ..

 16:08:29 <cjwatson> *that's* better

 16:08:33 <cjwatson> Oh drat sorry Brian

 16:08:52 <cjwatson> go ahead :)

 16:08:55 <xnox> cjwatson: with or without forking/using sbuild charm?

 16:09:02 <bdmurray> SRU verification of bug 1067993

 16:09:03 <bdmurray> SRU uploads (lucid and precise) for unattended-upgrades bug 936870

 16:09:03 <bdmurray> sponsored SRU uploads for bug 1013798 (later rejected)

 16:09:03 <bdmurray> sponsored quantal, raring, precise, oneiric fixes for bug 875435

 16:09:04 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1067993 in vim (Ubuntu Raring) "Add 'raring' to the list of recognized Ubuntu release names" [Low,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1067993

 16:09:08 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 936870 in unattended-upgrades (Ubuntu Precise) "unattended upgrade failing due to incorrectly detected conffile prompt due to "newconffile" line" [Medium,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/936870

 16:09:09 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1013798 in libgcrypt11 (Ubuntu Quantal) "Blink SIP client segfaults with libgcrypt11 1.5.0-3ubuntu0.1" [Critical,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1013798

 16:09:10 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 875435 in OEM Priority Project precise "iBus indicator does not show on the panel" [Medium,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/875435

 16:09:12 <bdmurray> reported bug 1076186 regarding ubuntu-release-upgrader

 16:09:13 <bdmurray> reported bug 1076472 regarding errors and bucket subscriptions

 16:09:13 <bdmurray> investigation into update-manager / u-r-u crash reporting process for dist-upgrades

 16:09:14 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1076186 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu Quantal) "not possible to upgrade to raring" [High,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1076186

 16:09:14 <cjwatson> xnox: currently, using it with a minor tweak

 16:09:15 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1076472 in Errors "notifications regarding current bucket counts" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1076472

 16:09:15 <bdmurray> reported apport bug 1077253 regarding ExecutableTimestamp issue

 16:09:16 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1077253 in apport (Ubuntu) "possible for ExecutableTimestamp to not be for the binary in ExecutablePath" [High,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1077253

 16:09:22 <bdmurray> modifying bug bot to comment on pending SRUs still needing verification

 16:09:22 <bdmurray> updated SRU wiki page with self-verification information

 16:09:22 <bdmurray> updated meta-release-development with raring information

 16:09:22 <bdmurray> one holiday too

 16:09:34 <bdmurray> ⁂ done⁂

 16:09:36 <xnox> cjwatson: ack. I had minor tweaks to it locally as well.... maybe I should push them somewhere.

 16:09:53 <barry> xnox: +1

 16:09:53 <ogra_> *shudder* winter UTF

 16:10:16 <cjwatson> xnox: mine is to install and configure the buildd package as well (which I haven't finished doing)

 16:10:22 <xnox> cjwatson: mine was to use $storage_location with default to /mnt as this were one usually gets the gigleybytes of scratch space.

 16:10:41 <cjwatson> I could use that, please pass me the patch :)

 16:10:42 <xnox> s/this were/this is where/

 16:10:52 <barry> i guess doko_ is up next?

 16:11:13 <doko_> ouch

 16:11:27 <doko_> I'll go last, lost in hacking ...

 16:11:51 <barry> is ev around?

 16:12:49 <barry> f...g...h...i...

 16:13:03 <stokachu> igloo!

 16:13:11 * ogra_ is happy to go, but i think jodh is first

 16:13:21 <jodh> * upstart:

 16:13:21 <jodh> * Wrote user sessions spec (comments welcome):

 16:13:22 <jodh> https://wiki.ubuntu.com/FoundationsTeam/Specs/RaringUpstartUserSessions

 16:13:22 <jodh> * Updates to stateful re-exec branch after review comments (thanks slangasek)

 16:13:25 <jodh> * Final testing

 16:13:28 <jodh> * Preparing for 1.6 release

 16:13:31 <jodh> * investigating bug 1075976

 16:13:33 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1075976 in upstart (Ubuntu) "test-suite fails in autopkgtest environment" [Medium,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1075976

 16:13:34 <jodh> * TODO

 16:13:37 <jodh> *** Upstart 1.6 release and raring upload

 16:13:41 <jodh> * precise SRU for bug 980917

 16:13:42 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 980917 in upstart (Ubuntu Precise) "Failed to create pty - disabling logging for job [SRU]" [Medium,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/980917

 16:13:43 <jodh> * start work on Enhanced User Sessions

 16:13:46 <jodh> ¡

 16:13:49 <jodh> 

 16:14:15 <ogra_> done:

 16:14:15 <ogra_> * got a chromebook \o/, runs awesome with raring

 16:14:15 <ogra_> * blocked on linux-nexus7 being stuck in new since a week

 16:14:16 <ogra_> * blocked on completely missing arm livefs builder (seems to be hard to fix without taking all arm machines in the DC out of business)

 16:14:16 <ogra_> * extended ac100-tarball-installer to support nexus7 (i'll rename it soon as well)

 16:14:17 <ogra_> * fixed issues with live-build that i found with manually rolled images

 16:14:19 <ogra_> * looked into plymouth breakage on devices that have i.e. console= or console=none on the kernel cmdline

 16:14:22 <ogra_> todo:

 16:14:24 <ogra_> * merges

 16:14:26 <ogra_> * flash-kernel bugfixes

 16:14:28 <ogra_> * finally get the nexus7 images going

 16:14:30 <ogra_> * set up a regular meeting for discussing the remaining WIs of https://blueprints.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+spec/desktop-r-reduced-power-ram

 16:14:35 <ogra_> ..

 16:14:51 <xnox> ogra_: me +1 on the meeting.

 16:15:09 <ogra_> yeah, its a WI i have :)

 16:15:11 <stgraber> - Networking

 16:15:12 <stgraber> - Merged iproute from experimental as some people want the new upstream to try some bufferbloat fixes.

 16:15:15 <stgraber> - Container

 16:15:17 <stgraber> - Rebased staging branch on upstream master.

 16:15:19 <stgraber> - Reviewed all outstandings merge proposals and bugs, now down to 0 MP and 0 bugs on github (sourceforge and launchpad are another story).

 16:15:22 <stgraber> - Fixed daily builds.

 16:15:25 <stgraber> - Split templates to a new lxc-templates package.

 16:15:27 <stgraber> - Changed lxc-create to support being given the full path to a template.

 16:15:30 <stgraber> - Completed switch to docbook2x for the manpage generation.

 16:15:33 <stgraber> - Change upstream build to use -Wall -Werror and fixed outstanding warnings so that it builds fine on all supported Ubuntu versions.

 16:15:36 <stgraber> - Post-UDS

 16:15:38 <stgraber> - Did some spec drafting and dumped some remaining work items in some existing blueprints.

 16:15:42 <stgraber> - QA Tracker

 16:15:44 <stgraber> - Finished changes to support storing the manifest in the tracker and landed the changes.

 16:15:47 <stgraber> - Updated ubuntu-archive-tools to use the upstream python-qatracker module, fix a bunch of bugs and be more consistent.

 16:15:50 <stgraber> - Updated nusakan to post the Chinese images directly to the localized ISO tracker.

 16:15:53 <stgraber> - Fixed the 404/403 handling that was the top crasher for the ISO tracker (though not user visible).

 16:15:56 <stgraber> - Fixed high priority bug in the add_build code, will land later today.

 16:15:59 <stgraber> - Started some optimization work for the tracker.

 16:16:02 <stgraber> - TODO

 16:16:04 <stgraber> - Doing some more optimization and bugfixes for the tracker.

 16:16:07 <stgraber> - Some UI improvements for series/milestone on the tracker.

 16:16:09 <stgraber> - Try to generate https://help.ubuntu.com/community/UbuntuHashes from nusakan.

 16:16:12 <stgraber> - Look at jodh's upstart specs.

 16:16:15 <stgraber> (DONE)

 16:16:30 <stokachu> bug 1068723 - would like to personally have some traction on this one

 16:16:30 <stokachu> bug 669481 - needing oneiric sponsorship

 16:16:31 <stokachu> bug 979003 - Status on SRU verification?

 16:16:31 <stokachu> - Dealing with issues from other channels this week, nothing else needing

 16:16:35 <stokachu> immediate Foundations attention.

 16:16:37 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1068723 in Precise Backports "Please backport pbuilder-scripts 17 (universe) from quantal" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1068723

 16:16:38 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 669481 in grub2 (Ubuntu Oneiric) "Timeout should not be -1 if $recordfail" [Medium,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/669481

 16:16:40 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 979003 in eglibc (Ubuntu Oneiric) "libc incorrectly detects AVX support" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/979003

 16:16:52 <stokachu> oh, and trying to fix this wireless issue with my laptop, posted on -tech if anyone is bored :\

 16:16:54 <stokachu> (done)

 16:17:30 * xnox will take stokachu's requests. As I kind of missed my uds time pilot time.

 16:17:35 <stokachu> the libc one is mainly for infinity, though not sure if he's doing that anymore

 16:17:46 <xnox> ack.

 16:17:59 <stokachu> xnox: thanks :D

 16:18:06 <stgraber> I don't think we have anyone in the foundations team that's also in the backports team? (if we do, I wouldn't mind someone reviewing my libseccomp backport ;))

 16:18:07 <xnox> will try to do them today.

 16:18:33 <micahg> stgraber: I'll take a look

 16:18:34 <xnox> stgraber: well I was told, "if you follow the procedure, launchpad allows you to upload"

 16:18:44 <stgraber> micahg: thanks

 16:18:51 <cjwatson> xnox: for grub2, could you please make sure it goes into lp:~ubuntu-core-dev/ubuntu/oneiric/grub2/oneiric rather than lp:ubuntu/oneiric/grub2

 16:18:53 <stgraber> micahg: it's a required build-dep for my future lxc backport

 16:18:55 <cjwatson> ?

 16:19:00 <xnox> cjwatson: sure.

 16:19:00 <cjwatson> Might involve extracting the patch and applying by hand

 16:19:04 <barry> xnox: i *think* you're up next

 16:19:15 <cjwatson> ta

 16:19:22 <xnox> * doko and I dropped python3.2 from the archive (remaining package rebuilds)

 16:19:22 <xnox> * help track down ubiquity's eglibc/python3.3 breakage (thanks cjwatson & doko)

 16:19:22 <xnox> this also affected usb-creator (bug 1076305)

 16:19:22 <xnox> * python3 only on cd:

 16:19:24 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1076305 in ubiquity (Ubuntu Raring) "plat-x86_64-linux-gnu does not define limits.h variables any more" [Critical,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1076305

 16:19:27 <xnox> - drop ndiswrapper from seeds

 16:19:30 <xnox> - upload python3: pyasn1, usb-creator

 16:19:31 <stokachu> those bugs aren't mine but if you have questions just let me know and ill talk to the right people

 16:19:33 <xnox> - port gnome-sudoku (bug 1078720)

 16:19:35 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1078720 in gnome-games (Ubuntu) "gnome-sudoku: port to python3" [Low,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1078720

 16:19:37 <xnox> - concerned about python-reportlab, -imaging and hence hplip not

 16:19:39 <xnox> being ported.

 16:19:42 <xnox> * Merges:

 16:19:45 <xnox> hmm....

 16:20:24 <xnox> * doko and I dropped python3.2 from the archive (remaining package rebuilds)

 16:20:24 <xnox> * help track down ubiquity's eglibc/python3.3 breakage (thanks cjwatson & doko)

 16:20:24 <xnox> this also affected usb-creator (bug 1076305)

 16:20:25 <xnox> * python3 only on cd:

 16:20:25 <xnox> - drop ndiswrapper from seeds

 16:20:26 <xnox> - upload python3: pyasn1, usb-creator

 16:20:27 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1076305 in ubiquity (Ubuntu Raring) "plat-x86_64-linux-gnu does not define limits.h variables any more" [Critical,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1076305

 16:20:28 <xnox> - port gnome-sudoku (bug 1078720)

 16:20:30 <xnox> - concerned about python-reportlab, -imaging and hence hplip not

 16:20:32 <xnox> being ported.

 16:20:34 <xnox> * Merges:

 16:20:36 <xnox> - some (my TIL) partman-*

 16:20:38 <xnox> - autofs, cryptsetup, btrfs-tools, shadow (stuck in proposed on bug 1077484)

 16:20:39 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1077484 in shadow (Ubuntu) "[MIR] libsemanage (shadow's rdep to continue SELinux support in shadow)" [Undecided,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1077484

 16:20:40 <xnox> * Devices FS:

 16:20:42 <xnox> - include nilfs modules in the initramfs, helps with root on

 16:20:44 <xnox> nilfs. (bug 771736)

 16:20:46 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 771736 in nilfs-tools (Ubuntu) "please include nilfs2 in hook-functions" [Medium,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/771736

 16:20:46 <xnox> - tested and uploaded android-tools-fsutils for sparse image

 16:20:48 <xnox> generation

 16:20:50 <xnox> - packaged flashbench (bug 1078488) linaro's utility that helps

 16:20:51 <barry> xnox: wasn't there a work item to see if reportlab can be dropped from task:ubuntu-desktop?

 16:20:51 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1078488 in Ubuntu "flashbench" [Low,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1078488

 16:20:52 <xnox> discovering flash media alignment to improve filesystem alignment

 16:20:56 <xnox> and I/O performance on eMMC / SD / usb-sticks.

 16:20:58 <xnox> - pulled f2fs patches into ubuntu-kernel fork and asked ogasawara to

 16:21:00 <xnox> build f2fs kernels for x86 & arm (panda, ac100, nexus7) for

 16:21:02 <xnox> benchmarking against nilfs. Idea is to improve boot speed &

 16:21:04 <xnox> performance on nexus7. (not sure if I can build it as dkms module?!)

 16:21:06 <xnox> * Ongoing design discussions around ubiquity UX concepts

 16:21:08 <xnox> * bug fixing from ubiquity usability mini-study (3 participants)

 16:21:10 <xnox> * Drafting blueprints / fixing up work items.

 16:21:22 <xnox> barry: i think it was merely a request from doko at the session. not sure if it was put down as a work-item.

 16:21:23 * ogra_ wonders if xnox works to close to ev recently

 16:21:47 <doko_> Streber ;-P

 16:21:54 <barry> xnox: nod.  i'll take a look again at the spec

 16:22:08 <xnox> ogra_: well.... ev was missing, so I had to make up.

 16:22:28 <ogra_> heh

 16:22:33 <xnox> doko_: ?

 16:22:38 <doko_> - rebuilds to drop python3.2 extensions

 16:22:38 <doko_> - split out libstdc++-dev packages in gcc

 16:22:38 <doko_> - let g++ search in multiarch directories

 16:22:38 <doko_> - gcc linaro merge

 16:22:38 <doko_> - build some x32 packages

 16:22:39 <doko_> - merges

 16:22:41 <doko_> - run an archive scan to search for asm files (arm64 prep work for kiko)

 16:22:43 <doko_> - fix my desktop computer, new hard disk and additional ram

 16:22:45 <doko_> - started working on python3-imaging

 16:22:49 <doko_> (done)

 16:23:00 <xnox> interesting =))))

 16:23:30 <barry> doko_, xnox thanks for the 3.2 drop!

 16:23:41 <xnox> doko_: sell python3-imaging port to reportlab ;-)

 16:23:51 <barry> yes, please :)

 16:24:10 <barry> did we miss anybody who's here today?

 16:24:15 <doko_> not yet done, I'll wait for the pillow 1.8 release

 16:24:24 <xnox> more rdeps?

 16:25:04 <barry> #topic bugs

 16:25:36 <barry> bdmurray: what have you got for us today?

 16:26:03 <bdmurray> well bug 1077267 could use a better home but I'm not sure where

 16:26:05 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1077267 in ubuntu-meta (Ubuntu) "Setting language localization doesn't set system-wide" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1077267

 16:27:04 <ev> soz

 16:28:19 <xnox> ogra_: on the https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/initramfs-tools/+bugs?orderby=-id&start=0 there are a couple of failed kernel upgrades on ac100

 16:28:36 <barry> ev: wanna give us your update?

 16:28:40 <ogra_> xnox, yeah, i just added a fix for that today

 16:28:56 <ogra_> xnox, sadly it isnt backportable without respinning the images

 16:29:02 <ogra_> (for 12.10)

 16:29:03 <barry> bdmurray: i added a comment on the bug, but don't really know of a better place for it

 16:29:06 <xnox> also bug 1075422... I could cherry pick the patch, but then I'll be TIL.... who is merging initramfs-tools? last one was cherry pick, not merge.

 16:29:08 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1075422 in initramfs-tools (Ubuntu) "unable to read /tmp/mkinitramfs_*" [Undecided,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1075422

 16:30:10 <ev> barry: sure

 16:30:12 <ogra_> xnox, workaround for the ac100 ones is sudo apt-get install abootimg

 16:30:23 <ev> - Further debugging on juju rabbitmq issues:

 16:30:23 <ev> https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/juju/2012-November/001998.html

 16:30:24 <ev> Clint mentioned on IRC that he thinks it's a juju issue. Started talking

 16:30:24 <ev> through it with Kapil, who's kindly looking into it.

 16:30:24 <ev> - Wrote an anatomy of a crash section to the error tracker specification as

 16:30:24 <ev> part of https://bugs.launchpad.net/errors/+bug/1078393.

 16:30:24 <ev> - Looking into using LXC under juju. Unfortunately this is far too slow in my

 16:30:25 <ev> development VM.

 16:30:25 <ev> - Uploaded fix for bug 993056 to Raring, working on Precise and Quantal now.

 16:30:26 <ev> - More Ubuntu shop USB key nightmares.

 16:30:26 <ev> (done)

 16:30:26 <ogra_> and then re-run update-initramfs

 16:30:28 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1078393 in Errors "We could do better at the "typo test"" [Undecided,New]

 16:30:31 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 993056 in activity-log-manager (Ubuntu Quantal) ""Privacy" > "Diagnostics" > "Send error reports" can't be turned on or off" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/993056

 16:31:23 <xnox> ogra_: hmm... can we make abootimg a pre-depend on the ac100 kernel package of something?

 16:31:49 <ogra_> xnox, the tarball installer installs it, but it didnt mark it as manually installed until today

 16:32:03 <cjwatson> USB key> not again.  what happened this time?

 16:32:07 <ogra_> so update-manager removes it on release upgrades

 16:32:36 * xnox is sad

 16:32:39 <ogra_> todays upload fixes that, but backporting wont help unless we would respin ac100 12.10

 16:32:49 <xnox> no thanks.

 16:32:56 <ogra_> since the traball installer is only used during unpacking

 16:33:10 <ogra_> and removes itself at the end

 16:34:11 <barry> bdmurray: any other bugs to look at?

 16:34:39 <bdmurray> yes bug 1077551 seems rather serious

 16:34:42 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1077551 in aptdaemon (Ubuntu) "Installing Machinarium removes the desktop" [Medium,Incomplete] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1077551

 16:34:54 <bdmurray> its not really incomplete as ted has replied

 16:36:11 * xnox wonders if Machinarium is something that is used in manufacturing nightmare usb sticks shipped to ev.

 16:36:14 <bdmurray> but nothing jumped out at me

 16:36:52 <barry> cool

 16:36:54 <barry> #topic aob

 16:37:08 <ev> xnox: mostly just suppliers ignoring our instructions

 16:37:20 <xnox> ev: *sigh*

 16:37:26 <ev> totes

 16:37:58 <barry> fwiw, i have one desktop on raring already, though not my main dev box yet.  upgrade went w/o a hitch and everything is running smoothly so far.  i love the new workflow.

 16:38:29 <barry> anybody have anything today?

 16:38:35 * ogra_ upgraded the chromebook to raring without any flaws but known plymouth issues

 16:38:59 <barry> can the nexus7 run raring?

 16:39:02 <stgraber> my main machine, dev machine and pandaboards are all on raring, haven't seen anything blow up yet, though I just got a new kernel that I haven't booted yet :)

 16:39:05 <ogra_> and i didnt notice that i'm running llvmpipe for the whole weekend !

 16:39:17 <ogra_> it *that* powerful

 16:39:19 <cjwatson> I think I'm one branch away from being able to remove delayed copies from LP, and then probably actually being able to understand the copy code

 16:39:21 <ogra_> *it's

 16:39:38 <ogra_> barry, it should if you make sure none of the PPA packages get upgraded

 16:39:48 <xnox> ogra_: can i run llvmpipe  on panda?

 16:39:52 <barry> ogra_: gotcha, thanks

 16:39:56 * xnox has some compiz/ubiquity work.

 16:39:57 <cjwatson> oh yes, I need to get round to upgrading to raring

 16:40:02 <cjwatson> BTW I'm on leave tomorrow

 16:40:04 <ogra_> xnox, i thik steve tried that and was very unhappy with it

 16:40:13 <barry> cjwatson: will that have a noticable effect for packages moving raring-proposed -> raring?

 16:40:27 <xnox> ogra_: that means it should be ok for me. as I'm not doing the whole desktop just the ubiquity.

 16:40:31 <ogra_> xnox, slideshow with fast moving mouse pointer or so

 16:40:51 <cjwatson> barry: no, delayed copies aren't used there

 16:40:54 <ogra_> xnox, why use llvmpipe for ubiquity at all ? it doesnt require 3D

 16:41:03 <xnox> *cough*

 16:41:12 <ogra_> that sounds like artificially slow it down on purpose

 16:41:20 <ogra_> *slowing

 16:41:21 <cjwatson> it'll just be ~1100 lines less code for anyone trying to work out what LP is doing there

 16:41:59 <xnox> ogra_: well..... drop unneeded packages, plus it's targeted at devices where whe know where compiz is available and fast.

 16:42:01 <barry> cjwatson: removed code is the best code!

 16:42:14 <ogra_> xnox, its not

 16:42:20 <ogra_> thats why we have llvmpipe

 16:42:28 <stgraber> xnox: well, FWIW I intend to seed metacity on all Ubuntu installs as the fallback WM when running dist-upgrades :)

 16:42:30 <xnox> ogra_: that.

 16:43:00 <ogra_> you'll need to keep non 3D anyway for the flavours

 16:43:09 <cjwatson> hm, I tend to feel ubiquity should use compiz if it's available *and fast* (maybe unity_support_test?) but should retain support for metacty

 16:43:12 <cjwatson> *metacity

 16:43:16 <xnox> stgraber: ogra_ : i don't know. basically ubiquity-dm does not support compiz as the window-manager. who will ship what where is not my business =) they can seed it in or out if they want to.

 16:43:25 <ogra_> cjwatson, ++

 16:43:40 <stgraber> cjwatson: agreed

 16:43:43 <cjwatson> after all it has support for a zillion other things; adding compiz support won't break the bank

 16:43:55 * xnox was only going to add compiz as an optional backend. not dropping metacity any time soon.

 16:44:06 <ogra_> ah

 16:44:15 <ogra_> it sounded like

 16:44:28 <xnox> but llvmpipe in a vm is... well not the quickest =)

 16:44:36 <ogra_> i just think metacity > llvmpipe

 16:44:50 <xnox> anyway.... barry #endmeeting? =)

 16:44:57 <ogra_> we shouldnt even think about iusing it if possible :)

 16:45:01 <barry> xnox: yeah, i was enjoying the conversation :)

 16:45:08 <barry> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)