#title #ubuntu-meeting Meeting

Meeting started by s-fox at 21:02:29 UTC.  The full logs are available
at
http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2012/ubuntu-meeting.2012-02-29-21.02.log.html
.



== Meeting summary ==

 *FC Members - division of labor
''ACTION:'' Mailing list = Iowan  (s-fox, 21:04:53)
''ACTION:'' Welcome message = cariboo907  (s-fox, 21:06:04)
''ACTION:'' Forum report = Iowan and s-fox  (s-fox, 21:07:32)
''ACTION:'' RC = Everyone  (s-fox, 21:10:30)
''ACTION:'' Admini thread = coffeecat  (s-fox, 21:13:37)

 *UF Banner community
''LINK:'' http://ubuntuforums.org/showthread.php?t=1929888   (michael_rawson, 21:15:11)
''LINK:'' http://design.ubuntu.com/assets/ubuntu-logo   (bodhizazen, 21:23:49)
''LINK:'' http://design.ubuntu.com/wp-content/uploads/ubuntu-white-and-orange-on-aubergine.gif   (bodhizazen, 21:24:19)
''LINK:'' http://design.ubuntu.com/wp-content/uploads/brand-extensions-2.gif   (bodhizazen, 21:25:56)
''ACTION:'' Pick this up after upgrade  (s-fox, 21:26:15)

 *Custom BBCodes
''ACTION:'' Custom BBCodes after upgrade  (s-fox, 21:29:26)

 *Outstanding Ubuntu Memberships (2)
''ACTION:'' bodhizazen to sort new ubuntu  members out  (s-fox, 21:36:04)

 *Reverse mjp29 ban
''LINK:'' http://ubuntuforums.org/showthread.php?t=1334693&highlight=mjp29   (overdrank, 21:40:42)
''ACTION:'' Leave it  up to AI to decide  (s-fox, 21:47:25)



Meeting ended at 21:57:53 UTC.



== Votes ==


 * bodhizazen and s-fox to co-chair
   For: 6 Against: 0 Abstained: 0

 * Allow back on basis of gpg signed coc
   For: 1 Against: 1 Abstained: 5

 * josephmills for ubuntu membership
   For: 6 Against: 0 Abstained: 0

 * If community council agree, periodically update forum banner for special occasions
   For: 7 Against: 0 Abstained: 1

 * lechien73 for ubuntu membership
   For: 6 Against: 0 Abstained: 1



== Action items ==

 * Mailing list = Iowan
 * Welcome message = cariboo907
 * Forum report = Iowan and s-fox
 * RC = Everyone
 * Admini thread = coffeecat
 * Pick this up after upgrade
 * Custom BBCodes after upgrade
 * bodhizazen to sort new ubuntu  members out
 * Leave it  up to AI to decide



== Action items, by person ==

 * bodhizazen
 ** bodhizazen to sort new ubuntu  members out
 * cariboo907
 ** Welcome message = cariboo907
 * coffeecat
 ** Admini thread = coffeecat
 * Iowan
 ** Mailing list = Iowan
 ** Forum report = Iowan and s-fox
 * s-fox
 ** Forum report = Iowan and s-fox
* **UNASSIGNED**
 ** RC = Everyone
 ** Pick this up after upgrade
 ** Custom BBCodes after upgrade
 ** Leave it  up to AI to decide



== People present (lines said) ==

 * s-fox (114)
 * meetingology (71)
 * bodhizazen (59)
 * Iowan (43)
 * coffeecat (19)
 * cariboo907 (17)
 * michael_rawson (16)
 * overdrank (16)
 * nothingspecial (13)
 * Merk42 (7)
 * moergaes (6)
 * hobgoblin (5)



== Full Log ==


 21:02:29 <s-fox> #startmeeting

 21:02:29 <meetingology> Meeting started Wed Feb 29 21:02:29 2012 UTC.  The chair is s-fox. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 21:02:29 <meetingology> 

 21:02:29 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 21:03:23 <s-fox> [TOPIC] FC Members - division of labor

 21:03:39 <s-fox> I think bodhizazen wants to rotate it

 21:03:46 <bodhizazen> +1 to rotation

 21:03:49 <s-fox> Anything more than that bodhizazen?

 21:04:01 <bodhizazen> Identify who will do what next month

 21:04:17 <s-fox> So, who wants to do the mailing list this month? I did it last month

 21:04:29 <Iowan> I will!

 21:04:47 <bodhizazen> OK, who wants to send the welcome message to new users ?

 21:04:53 <s-fox> [ACTION] Mailing list = Iowan

 21:04:53 * meetingology Mailing list = Iowan

 21:05:00 <bodhizazen> And who will do the team report this month ?

 21:05:10 <s-fox> I'll do the welcome message

 21:05:14 <cariboo907> I'll do the message to new members

 21:05:21 <cariboo907> to late :)

 21:05:23 <bodhizazen> I will help you learn team reports, but I would like to rotate it

 21:05:35 <s-fox> If you want it go ahead cariboo907

 21:05:36 <Iowan> I'm still looking for pattern/uide for reports

 21:05:57 <cariboo907> OK, thanks s-fox

 21:06:04 <s-fox> [ACTION] Welcome message = cariboo907

 21:06:04 * meetingology Welcome message = cariboo907

 21:06:05 <bodhizazen> Iowan: It is very easy

 21:06:19 <Iowan> Easy if you know how/what...

 21:06:23 <s-fox> I'll help with the report if anyone wants

 21:06:37 <Iowan> I keep fighting with Wiki login.

 21:06:39 <s-fox> Done it before

 21:06:48 <s-fox> Iowan me and you do it?

 21:06:51 <bodhizazen> Iowan: there is a template, we can show you later

 21:07:08 <Iowan> Works for me.

 21:07:28 <cariboo907> Is tere a template for the welcome message too?

 21:07:31 <cariboo907> there

 21:07:32 <s-fox> [ACTION] Forum report = Iowan and s-fox

 21:07:32 * meetingology Forum report = Iowan and s-fox

 21:07:34 <bodhizazen> I will do Ubuntu membership this month

 21:07:49 <s-fox> cariboo907 all you need do is change the send from field. dead easy

 21:07:59 <s-fox> you just tend to see some spam replies cariboo907

 21:08:07 <Iowan> Then await the spam replies???

 21:08:15 <s-fox> >:)

 21:08:20 * Iowan slow again

 21:08:29 <cariboo907> I've been dealing with some on the mailing list too

 21:08:41 <bodhizazen> spam replies have fallen off =)

 21:09:11 <s-fox> Would we all be prepared to agree we all 'muck in' with the rc, even though it is fairly quiet these days ?

 21:09:28 <Iowan> I try...

 21:09:34 <coffeecat> OK here.

 21:10:00 <s-fox> We're averaging about 3 days between complaints, which isn't bad for a forum with 1.5 million members....

 21:10:23 <cariboo907> I guess we just aren't trying hard enough :)

 21:10:30 <s-fox> [ACTION] RC = Everyone

 21:10:30 * meetingology RC = Everyone

 21:10:57 <bodhizazen> It is the 3 strikes / anti trolling policy, it has paid off in spades

 21:11:01 <s-fox> As an FYI to the rest of the council, I am now bug supervisor thingy on launchpad for the council

 21:11:08 <Iowan> If it starts going unnoticed, we can assing/volunteer someone.

 21:11:19 <bodhizazen> +1 Iowan

 21:11:31 <Iowan> (assign...)

 21:11:35 <s-fox> +1 Iowan

 21:12:00 <s-fox> Any other duties I've missed?

 21:12:14 <s-fox> IP bans?

 21:12:18 <Iowan> probably...;)

 21:12:23 <bodhizazen> Watch staff thread - Stuff that needs an admin ASAP

 21:12:48 <s-fox> Who fancies monitoring the admin thread ?

 21:12:55 * coffeecat will

 21:13:37 <s-fox> [ACTION] Admini thread = coffeecat

 21:13:37 * meetingology Admini thread = coffeecat

 21:13:40 <Iowan> Thanks to all for inserting the IP bans in numerical order...

 21:14:00 <nothingspecial> Iowan,  ?

 21:14:05 <bodhizazen> Iowan: If it gets messy - I sort them in a terminal =)

 21:14:24 <cariboo907> I think the database does that, cause I just added them to the bottom of the list

 21:14:30 <Iowan> I'm not yet that advanced

 21:14:40 <s-fox> New topic time

 21:14:45 <Iowan> They got moved cuz I moved 'em

 21:14:56 <s-fox> [TOPIC] UF Banner community

 21:15:04 <michael_rawson> Hi, that's me.

 21:15:10 <michael_rawson> I was told on this:

 21:15:11 <michael_rawson> http://ubuntuforums.org/showthread.php?t=1929888

 21:15:15 <michael_rawson> thread to put that here.

 21:15:26 * bodhizazen looks

 21:15:37 <s-fox> Hello overdrank :)

 21:16:20 <s-fox> michael_rawson, okay please explain why we should change it periodically :)

 21:16:47 <bodhizazen> I think it is a good idea, but I do not know how easy (or hard) it will be

 21:16:57 <michael_rawson> Okay, I thought it would be a bit of fun for the community, for special events, and to give the forum a bit of a change every so often.

 21:17:06 <bodhizazen> Once the forums are upgraded there is a ton of stuff like that to be done

 21:17:13 <nothingspecial> I agree

 21:17:22 * bodhizazen changes the banner to gentoo

 21:17:30 <s-fox> We do have another upgrade coming soon.

 21:17:42 <michael_rawson> Well, I guess only as difficult as an admin with upload rights...but okay, wait until forums upgrade. Hehe, bodhi.

 21:17:59 <michael_rawson> okay, that's me until forums upgrade. Thanks for having me!

 21:18:04 <s-fox> I think having special milestone banner would be good :)

 21:18:19 <michael_rawson> thank you, s-fox.

 21:18:58 <s-fox> As a compromise, what if we agree that if it is easy to do then we should. For example we should hit 2m members later this year

 21:19:14 <s-fox> Thoughts from the forum staff ?

 21:19:18 <coffeecat> There's 1st April as well!

 21:19:28 <Iowan> Pivit point will be difficulty - and who can do it.

 21:19:39 <moergaes> Sounds like a good idea.

 21:19:41 <nothingspecial> Personally, I would go further than that

 21:19:41 <Merk42> Well April 1st it'll be a Windows 8 banner

 21:20:17 <s-fox> We could get in bother for that Merk42

 21:20:19 <hobgoblin> I like the idea

 21:20:34 <bodhizazen> michael_rawson: Although we are admins on the forums, we do not have full access to the server

 21:20:35 <moergaes> Just not change is as often as Google.

 21:20:40 <Iowan> Windows 9?

 21:20:52 <coffeecat> Windows 95? :/

 21:21:02 <s-fox> bodhizazen we could speak with  the community council, sort of thing they might like to see

 21:21:02 <michael_rawson> of course. Although *somebody* must have an ssh password.

 21:21:09 <hobgoblin> moergaes: anything other than every other day then

 21:21:11 <bodhizazen> yep

 21:21:29 <s-fox> It doesn't hurt to ask. I can get in touch with rt if needed

 21:22:14 <s-fox> [VOTE] If community council agree, periodically update forum banner for special occasions

 21:22:14 <meetingology> Please vote on: If community council agree, periodically update forum banner for special occasions

 21:22:14 <meetingology> Public votes can be registered by saying +1, +0 or -1 in channel, (private votes don't work yet, but when they do it will be by messaging the channel followed by +1/-1/+0 to me)

 21:22:24 <Iowan> +1

 21:22:24 <meetingology> +1 received from Iowan

 21:22:25 <s-fox> +1

 21:22:25 <meetingology> +1 received from s-fox

 21:22:28 <coffeecat> +1

 21:22:28 <meetingology> +1 received from coffeecat

 21:22:28 <overdrank> +0

 21:22:28 <meetingology> +0 received from overdrank

 21:22:29 <cariboo907> +1

 21:22:29 <meetingology> +1 received from cariboo907

 21:22:29 <Merk42> +1

 21:22:29 <meetingology> +1 received from Merk42

 21:22:29 <bodhizazen> +1

 21:22:29 <meetingology> +1 received from bodhizazen

 21:22:42 <moergaes> +

 21:22:44 <moergaes> 1

 21:22:46 <s-fox> overdrank

 21:22:59 <moergaes> +1

 21:22:59 <meetingology> +1 received from moergaes

 21:22:59 <overdrank> waves

 21:23:09 <s-fox> overdrank vote ;)

 21:23:19 <hobgoblin> overdrank did

 21:23:20 <michael_rawson> Wow, thanks folks.

 21:23:23 <bodhizazen> s-fox: overdrank	+0

 21:23:23 <Iowan> He did

 21:23:24 <s-fox> oh wait, i see

 21:23:29 <hobgoblin> :p

 21:23:31 <s-fox> [END VOTE]

 21:23:49 <bodhizazen> http://design.ubuntu.com/assets/ubuntu-logo

 21:23:56 <s-fox> [ENDVOTE]

 21:23:56 <meetingology> Voting ended on: If community council agree, periodically update forum banner for special occasions

 21:23:56 <meetingology> Votes for:7 Votes against:0 Abstentions:1

 21:23:56 <meetingology> Motion carried

 21:24:02 <s-fox> Syntax is everything

 21:24:04 <s-fox> haha

 21:24:19 <bodhizazen> http://design.ubuntu.com/wp-content/uploads/ubuntu-white-and-orange-on-aubergine.gif

 21:24:25 <s-fox> Who wants to contact the cc ?

 21:24:31 <nothingspecial> congrats michael_rawson  :)

 21:24:36 <s-fox> bodhizazen overdrank?

 21:24:48 <michael_rawson> :)

 21:25:16 <bodhizazen> Personally I would wait for upgrade, ask TV how easy / hard it will be, if hard -> rt with canonical

 21:25:32 <s-fox> Okay, that sounds like a plan to me.

 21:25:37 <overdrank> agree

 21:25:56 <bodhizazen> http://design.ubuntu.com/wp-content/uploads/brand-extensions-2.gif

 21:26:02 <michael_rawson> question: is there  a schedule for forum upgrades?

 21:26:15 <s-fox> [ACTION] Pick this up after upgrade

 21:26:15 * meetingology Pick this up after upgrade

 21:26:26 <bodhizazen> michael_rawson: Yes, upgrade is due to be complete no later then 7/1/2000

 21:26:47 <Iowan> which year?

 21:26:49 <s-fox> michael_rawson we have another upgrade soon :-)  we had one during the week

 21:26:51 <bodhizazen> and yes, that date is correct

 21:26:56 <michael_rawson> bodhizazen: Okay, I get the point. :D

 21:27:07 <Iowan> "

 21:27:37 <bodhizazen> michael_rawson: It is a big database and we want a smooth transition, our inbox was filled with bug reports over the weekend, so it is in progress, but somewhat unpredictable

 21:27:43 <s-fox> [TOPIC] Custom BBCodes

 21:27:48 <michael_rawson> yup, appreciate what you're doing.

 21:27:52 <s-fox> coffeecat, you're up

 21:27:54 <coffeecat> Not much to add to http://ubuntuforums.org/showthread.php?t=1925310 OK to go ahead?

 21:27:54 <s-fox> :)

 21:28:12 <bodhizazen> +10000

 21:28:35 <nothingspecial> +100001

 21:28:45 <Iowan> that pretty much sez it

 21:28:46 <cariboo907> +9000

 21:28:48 <s-fox> Looks good, wait until after upgrade

 21:28:52 <s-fox> :)

 21:28:52 <overdrank> +00000

 21:29:07 <coffeecat> I'm happy to wait until after upgrade.

 21:29:19 <nothingspecial> +1

 21:29:26 <s-fox> [ACTION] Custom BBCodes after upgrade

 21:29:26 * meetingology Custom BBCodes after upgrade

 21:30:00 <s-fox> [TOPIC] Outstanding Ubuntu Memberships (2)

 21:30:26 <nothingspecial> +1 to both

 21:30:28 <s-fox> I think we all voted in the staff thread. I think we just need to formalise it

 21:30:31 <bodhizazen> Just two ?

 21:30:41 <coffeecat> Just two.

 21:30:51 <bodhizazen> That is just sad

 21:30:58 <coffeecat> lechien73 and josephmills.

 21:31:24 <moergaes> How many members do we have in total?

 21:31:24 <s-fox> Isn' the subforum closed at the minute to new requests ?

 21:31:34 <coffeecat> I don't think so.

 21:31:41 <nothingspecial> no

 21:31:58 <nothingspecial> I think

 21:32:01 <Iowan> Thought there were some apps that hadn't been processed

 21:32:03 <nothingspecial> :/

 21:32:04 <coffeecat> No - and I changed the wiki page to read rolling applications.

 21:32:15 <s-fox> Okay, well either way we need to formalise the voting.

 21:32:28 <hobgoblin> moergaes: there are 48 members via forum it seems

 21:32:34 <s-fox> [VOTE] lechien73 for ubuntu membership

 21:32:34 <meetingology> Please vote on: lechien73 for ubuntu membership

 21:32:34 <meetingology> Public votes can be registered by saying +1, +0 or -1 in channel, (private votes don't work yet, but when they do it will be by messaging the channel followed by +1/-1/+0 to me)

 21:32:38 <s-fox> +1

 21:32:38 <meetingology> +1 received from s-fox

 21:32:43 <coffeecat> +1

 21:32:43 <meetingology> +1 received from coffeecat

 21:32:44 <Merk42> +1

 21:32:44 <meetingology> +1 received from Merk42

 21:32:44 <overdrank> +1

 21:32:44 <meetingology> +1 received from overdrank

 21:32:48 <cariboo907> +1

 21:32:48 <meetingology> +1 received from cariboo907

 21:32:49 <bodhizazen> +1

 21:32:49 <meetingology> +1 received from bodhizazen

 21:32:59 <Iowan> +0

 21:32:59 <meetingology> +0 received from Iowan

 21:33:10 <s-fox> [ENDVOTE]

 21:33:10 <meetingology> Voting ended on: lechien73 for ubuntu membership

 21:33:10 <meetingology> Votes for:6 Votes against:0 Abstentions:1

 21:33:10 <meetingology> Motion carried

 21:33:34 <bodhizazen> |0?

 21:33:48 <Iowan> Just unfamiliar...

 21:33:55 <s-fox> [VOTE] josephmills for ubuntu membership

 21:33:55 <meetingology> Please vote on: josephmills for ubuntu membership

 21:33:55 <meetingology> Public votes can be registered by saying +1, +0 or -1 in channel, (private votes don't work yet, but when they do it will be by messaging the channel followed by +1/-1/+0 to me)

 21:34:00 <overdrank> +1

 21:34:00 <meetingology> +1 received from overdrank

 21:34:01 <Iowan> +

 21:34:02 <coffeecat> +1

 21:34:02 <meetingology> +1 received from coffeecat

 21:34:04 <cariboo907> +1

 21:34:04 <meetingology> +1 received from cariboo907

 21:34:10 <Merk42> +1

 21:34:10 <meetingology> +1 received from Merk42

 21:34:18 <bodhizazen> +1

 21:34:18 <meetingology> +1 received from bodhizazen

 21:34:54 <s-fox> +1

 21:34:54 <meetingology> +1 received from s-fox

 21:35:05 <s-fox> [ENDVOTE]

 21:35:05 <meetingology> Voting ended on: josephmills for ubuntu membership

 21:35:05 <meetingology> Votes for:6 Votes against:0 Abstentions:0

 21:35:05 <meetingology> Motion carried

 21:35:45 <s-fox> Who wants to sort launchpad / bean images out ?

 21:35:49 <bodhizazen> I will add those two in, probably in a day or two

 21:36:04 <s-fox> [ACTION] bodhizazen to sort new ubuntu  members out

 21:36:04 * meetingology bodhizazen to sort new ubuntu  members out

 21:36:29 <s-fox> [TOPIC] Reverse mjp29 ban

 21:36:33 <bodhizazen> Unless someone else wants to learn the ropes, in which case I will help

 21:36:44 <bodhizazen> is mjp29 here ?

 21:36:53 <s-fox> Iowan ?

 21:37:05 <Iowan> I didn't think to send an invite.

 21:37:24 <s-fox> Was it a ban in error, or user contesting the ban?

 21:37:38 <bodhizazen> If mjp29 signs (gpg) the Ubuntu Code of Conduct I would allow him back on a trial basis

 21:37:40 <Iowan> User sent mail to list

 21:37:53 <Iowan> That was back in 2009

 21:38:06 <s-fox> 2009/

 21:38:10 <s-fox> :o

 21:38:22 <Iowan> Nasty reply - I'd rather be banned f... forever than be censored.

 21:38:42 <Iowan> I was looking for page when I noticed time

 21:39:06 <s-fox> Okay, I'd go with that. Personally I would leave banned after that kind of reply.

 21:39:08 <bodhizazen> The user was trolling on the forums and requested a ban, lol

 21:39:20 <overdrank> Since I was involved +0

 21:39:43 <Iowan> Seems to have had change of heart - but wondered WHY he'd been banned.

 21:39:59 <s-fox> Do we have a link to the infraction thread ?

 21:40:00 <coffeecat> Sounds slightly disingenuous to wonder why

 21:40:03 <Iowan> I'd thiink he would remember a statement like that.

 21:40:27 <Iowan> We did. I was looking for it.

 21:40:42 <overdrank> http://ubuntuforums.org/showthread.php?t=1334693&highlight=mjp29

 21:40:51 <s-fox> Thanks overdrank :)

 21:40:59 <overdrank> :)

 21:41:44 <coffeecat> That thread explains the 2 points but not the burnt beans.

 21:42:20 <overdrank> Further down, I believe it was a private message to kiwi or I

 21:42:21 <Iowan> As KiwiNZ put it - sounded like a request

 21:42:24 <s-fox> seem kiwi granted a wish

 21:42:28 <coffeecat> OK

 21:42:52 <Iowan> Would it be pudent to invite him to next meting?

 21:42:53 <s-fox> We could unburn, but leave user on strike 2

 21:43:01 <s-fox> +1 invite

 21:43:01 <bodhizazen> People change, but I would still insist on a gpg signed CoC =)

 21:43:18 <s-fox> We can tell him that at the next meeting bodhizazen

 21:43:19 <coffeecat> Agree with bodhizazen  about gpg signing.

 21:43:34 <bodhizazen> Naw, just send a response and be done with it

 21:43:50 <bodhizazen> This can be managed via email

 21:43:53 <bodhizazen> IMO

 21:44:15 <s-fox> [VOTE] Allow back on basis of gpg signed coc

 21:44:15 <meetingology> Please vote on: Allow back on basis of gpg signed coc

 21:44:15 <meetingology> Public votes can be registered by saying +1, +0 or -1 in channel, (private votes don't work yet, but when they do it will be by messaging the channel followed by +1/-1/+0 to me)

 21:44:23 <cariboo907> -1

 21:44:23 <meetingology> -1 received from cariboo907

 21:44:26 <s-fox> +0

 21:44:26 <meetingology> +0 received from s-fox

 21:44:30 <Merk42> +0

 21:44:30 <meetingology> +0 received from Merk42

 21:44:34 <overdrank> +0

 21:44:34 <meetingology> +0 received from overdrank

 21:44:41 <Iowan> +0

 21:44:41 <meetingology> +0 received from Iowan

 21:44:44 <coffeecat> +0

 21:44:44 <meetingology> +0 received from coffeecat

 21:44:49 <bodhizazen> +1

 21:44:49 <meetingology> +1 received from bodhizazen

 21:45:01 <bodhizazen> lol

 21:45:04 <s-fox> [ENDVOTE]

 21:45:04 <meetingology> Voting ended on: Allow back on basis of gpg signed coc

 21:45:04 <meetingology> Votes for:1 Votes against:1 Abstentions:5

 21:45:04 <meetingology> Deadlock, casting vote may be used

 21:45:17 <Iowan> AI get to decide

 21:45:27 <s-fox> +1 AI

 21:46:15 <s-fox> But will that change anything?

 21:46:31 <s-fox> Even if AI +1s majority are still +0

 21:46:32 <Iowan> Nt with a +0

 21:46:58 <bodhizazen> +0 means go with AI =)

 21:47:25 <s-fox> [ACTION] Leave it  up to AI to decide

 21:47:25 * meetingology Leave it  up to AI to decide

 21:47:31 <Iowan> Metingology would have 2 -1 = passed

 21:47:32 <s-fox> ;)

 21:48:12 <s-fox> Okay,think that is it \o/

 21:48:40 <overdrank> Thanks s-fox

 21:49:00 * cariboo907 says thanks too

 21:49:01 <s-fox> We still need a formal chair for fc

 21:49:15 <overdrank> me +1 for bodhizazen

 21:49:18 <cariboo907> +1 for s-fox

 21:49:48 <s-fox> I do not mind chairing, it's fun

 21:50:05 <s-fox> bodhizazen ?

 21:50:12 <bodhizazen> co-chair ? chair and vice-chair ?

 21:50:14 <bodhizazen> lol

 21:50:33 <overdrank> woohoo that works

 21:50:48 <s-fox> Our intention is to alternate the meeting times. some are going to  be better for me , some are going to be better for you

 21:51:01 <s-fox> Whoever it works best for on the day can be the chair

 21:51:02 <cariboo907> +1 for what bodhizazen  said

 21:51:06 <s-fox> agree?

 21:51:11 <nothingspecial> +1 split

 21:51:41 <Iowan> +1 co-chair

 21:51:54 <s-fox> For example, I missed start of last meeting because it was at 05:00 am for me

 21:52:10 <bodhizazen> In the "good old days" there was always 2 - matthew and UG, and IMO that was best, more balanced, less dictatorial

 21:52:22 <s-fox> Okay.

 21:52:38 <s-fox> [VOTE] bodhizazen and s-fox to co-chair

 21:52:38 <meetingology> Please vote on: bodhizazen and s-fox to co-chair

 21:52:38 <meetingology> Public votes can be registered by saying +1, +0 or -1 in channel, (private votes don't work yet, but when they do it will be by messaging the channel followed by +1/-1/+0 to me)

 21:52:41 <s-fox> +1

 21:52:41 <meetingology> +1 received from s-fox

 21:52:46 <cariboo907> +1

 21:52:46 <meetingology> +1 received from cariboo907

 21:52:48 <overdrank> +1

 21:52:48 <meetingology> +1 received from overdrank

 21:52:49 <coffeecat> +1

 21:52:49 <meetingology> +1 received from coffeecat

 21:52:54 <Merk42> +!

 21:52:56 <Merk42> +1

 21:52:56 <meetingology> +1 received from Merk42

 21:52:57 <Iowan> +1

 21:52:57 <meetingology> +1 received from Iowan

 21:53:13 <s-fox> [ENDVOTE]

 21:53:13 <meetingology> Voting ended on: bodhizazen and s-fox to co-chair

 21:53:13 <meetingology> Votes for:6 Votes against:0 Abstentions:0

 21:53:13 <meetingology> Motion carried

 21:53:16 <bodhizazen> +0

 21:53:18 <s-fox> Thank you

 21:53:21 <bodhizazen> lol

 21:53:26 <s-fox> lol

 21:53:29 <s-fox> sorry bodhizazen

 21:53:33 <bodhizazen> np

 21:53:51 <bodhizazen> That was the fastest vote in the west

 21:53:56 <s-fox> Okay, i think we are done....

 21:53:58 <Iowan> I will continue emailing  mjp29 - if he refuses CoC, decision becomes easier.

 21:54:03 <s-fox> anything else ?

 21:54:14 <overdrank> No good day all

 21:54:17 <bodhizazen> I think that is a great idea Iowan

 21:54:29 <s-fox> +1 Iowan

 21:54:30 <bodhizazen> o/

 21:54:57 <bodhizazen> Update on forums upgrade ?

 21:54:58 <s-fox> Okay, ending the  meeting.

 21:55:10 <s-fox> bodhizazen It is in scc

 21:55:26 <s-fox> Thank you all for coming, great turnout

 21:55:31 <s-fox> :)

 21:55:33 <bodhizazen> Yea, but I was thinking a public update, ie minutes of this meeting, up to you

 21:55:54 <michael_rawson> s-fox "scc"?

 21:55:59 <bodhizazen> Just don't tell them about the super secret server =)

 21:56:13 <bodhizazen> doh -)

 21:56:32 <s-fox> michael_rawson staff discussion area away from prying eyes ;)

 21:56:42 <michael_rawson> kk. ;) I didn't hear that.

 21:56:42 <nothingspecial> :)

 21:57:14 <Iowan> SCC=Steering Column Cover  at work...

 21:57:16 <s-fox> Okay, to the room in general: The upgrade is happening soon, though we don't have an exact timeframe

 21:57:43 <nothingspecial> \o/

 21:57:49 <s-fox> Right, ending the  meeting...

 21:57:53 <s-fox> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)