#title #ubuntu-meeting Meeting

Meeting started by cielak at 18:05:14 UTC.  The full logs are available
at
http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2012/ubuntu-meeting.2012-11-15-18.05.log.html
.



== Meeting summary ==

''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/Accomplishments/Agenda   (mfisch, 18:06:03)
 *Discussing whether general direction of project applies to the whole sysytem or just community accomplishments.

 *Feedback on starting the daemon as a dbus .service, causing it to be running regardless of user will.

 *Sync up with the team on the idea of expanding the .accomplishment format to support keywords/tags.

 *Looking for opportunities for new contributors and discussing how we should deal with suggesting work to them.
''LINK:'' http://mhall119.com/2012/02/contributing-to-unity-for-non-developers-keywords/ is an example you can look at, I got a lot of new contributors adding keywords to .desktop files with that  (mhall119, 18:40:24)
''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/Accomplishments/AccomplishmentIdeas/LocalAccomplishments   (cielak, 18:45:51)



Meeting ended at 19:04:57 UTC.



== Votes ==




== Action items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * cielak (110)
 * mhall119 (75)
 * mfisch (63)
 * s-fox (17)
 * meetingology (3)



== Full Log ==


 18:05:14 <cielak> #startmeeting

 18:05:14 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Nov 15 18:05:14 2012 UTC.  The chair is cielak. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 18:05:14 <meetingology> 

 18:05:14 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 18:05:33 <cielak> sigh

 18:05:36 <cielak> nevermind

 18:05:44 <mhall119> what?

 18:05:44 <mfisch> ?

 18:05:48 <cielak> okay, so here is the agenda: https://wiki.ubuntu.com/Accomplishments/Agenda

 18:06:03 <mfisch> #link https://wiki.ubuntu.com/Accomplishments/Agenda

 18:06:37 <cielak> first thing I'd like to consult concerns what we clarified on UDS

 18:06:38 <mhall119> I think the chair has to do that

 18:06:43 <mfisch> ok

 18:06:55 <cielak> that the accomplishemnts should not be level-based

 18:07:13 <mhall119> #topic Discussing whether general direction of project applies to the whole sysytem or just community accomplishments.

 18:07:18 <mfisch> I think that was the direction we came back to yes

 18:07:20 <mhall119> ^ cielak try pasting that

 18:07:29 <cielak> #topic Discussing whether general direction of project applies to the whole sysytem or just community accomplishments.

 18:07:39 <cielak> oh, cool

 18:07:50 <mhall119> so, just to fill me in, what is the general direction that was talked about?

 18:08:06 <cielak> okay, so my idea is that we may do the platform support level-based accomplishments, but disable this feature for community accoms

 18:08:29 <cielak> this way third-party collections could make use of 'dificulty' fields in .accomplishment files

 18:08:40 <cielak> but we would leave them unused for ubuntu-community-accomplishments

 18:09:21 <mhall119> how would that field be used in the view/gallery?

 18:09:45 <s-fox> sorry i'm late for the meeting, bad traffic

 18:10:15 <cielak> I think that the details page might display a number of stars (1-5) for accomplishments etc, but that's more a design question

 18:10:52 <cielak> what I mean is that it might make sense to implement support for such thing in the daemon, but since it's not cool for community accoms, this field would be not used for them

 18:11:21 <cielak> and in case of community accoms a 'N/A' would be displayed instead of stars

 18:11:25 <cielak> does that make sense?

 18:11:35 <cielak> hey s-fox :)

 18:11:49 <mhall119> and this would be enforced just be the approval process accomplishments go through?

 18:12:33 <cielak> I am not sure how this applies to approval process

 18:12:47 <mfisch> I want to avoid special logic for the community apps

 18:12:51 <mfisch> accomps I mean

 18:12:55 <mhall119> I mean, there wouldn't be something in the code that tries to stop it from being used for community accomplishments, right?

 18:13:04 <cielak> true

 18:13:38 <mhall119> ok

 18:13:40 <mfisch> the accoms themselves would just leave it out

 18:14:05 <cielak> I'm not sure if there is any special logic, just as field 'tips' is optional, so would 'difficulty' (or whatever) be

 18:14:13 <mfisch> right

 18:14:14 <mhall119> makes sense

 18:14:18 <mfisch> I'm +1 on that

 18:14:22 <mhall119> I have no objection to this

 18:14:32 <cielak> cool, thanks :)

 18:14:59 <cielak> I have also recently looked in how we can make daemon a DBus service, and I have two concerns about this solution

 18:15:10 <cielak> #topic Feedback on starting the daemon as a dbus .service, causing it to be running regardless of user will.

 18:15:27 <mfisch> what are the concerns?

 18:15:36 <cielak> the point is that once we install a .service, the daemon will always be started when user logs in

 18:15:47 <mfisch> Why?

 18:15:53 <cielak> currently we give him a choice, and automatic startup is disablable

 18:15:53 <mhall119> no, I think it can be only on-demand

 18:15:58 <mfisch> yes it can be on-demand

 18:16:05 <mfisch> when the first dbus call is made, dbus will launch it

 18:16:30 <mfisch> and honestly that is standard operating procedure for almost everything

 18:16:35 <mfisch> lenses and scopes for example

 18:16:46 <cielak> hm, that's odd, from my tests it was always starting regardless of whether it was requested or not

 18:16:57 <mhall119> so the "automatically at startup" would just call the dbus service during session startup, otherwise it waits until the user loads the viewer

 18:17:17 <mhall119> cielak: do you have the Unity trophy lens?

 18:17:23 <cielak> I do

 18:17:27 <mhall119> that's probably starting it

 18:17:29 <mfisch> thats whats launching it then

 18:17:38 <cielak> aaah! this makes a lot of sense

 18:17:46 <mfisch> I'm not even sure we need an automatically at startup field anymore

 18:17:53 <cielak> so I'll be back to playing around with it, then ;)

 18:17:59 <mhall119> it only makes sense as an option if the user doesn't have the lens

 18:18:08 <mhall119> if you have the lens, it'll need to be running from startup

 18:18:27 <mfisch> do we get notifications if the service is running but the app is closed?

 18:19:08 <cielak> another thing I have notices with DBus (yet this problem was present even before I tried setting up a service) is the way the daemon is closed when user session ends

 18:19:35 <cielak> I have discussed that with mfisch few weeks ago

 18:19:44 <mfisch> what was the issue?

 18:19:55 <cielak> what I ended up with, is that for some reason the daemon is killed when user logs out

 18:20:06 <mfisch> the session is over at that point

 18:20:06 <cielak> it does not receive a SIGTERM, it's simply killed

 18:20:26 <mhall119> does it need to do any cleanup before it exits?

 18:20:32 <cielak> yeah, it does

 18:20:37 <mhall119> for what?

 18:20:42 <cielak> removing the pidfile is a must

 18:20:47 <mfisch> it doesn't get any signal?

 18:20:57 <mhall119> what is the pidfile used for?

 18:21:07 <mfisch> yeah thats a good question, I bet we dont need it anymore

 18:21:12 <cielak> otherwise, if the pidfile is left, there is no way to distinguish if the daemon is running or not

 18:21:20 <mfisch> sure there is

 18:21:24 <mfisch> you query it on dbus

 18:21:28 <mhall119> if we only start it via dbus, then dbus handles that

 18:21:32 <cielak> what if it got stuck?

 18:21:50 <mfisch> and "autostart" is handled by a simple dbus message too, not by manually launching it

 18:21:53 <mhall119> dbus won't launch a new process if one is running

 18:22:37 <cielak> ah, so again it's dbus who cares about that stuff

 18:22:39 <mfisch> I think that the service getting stuck is another issue

 18:22:51 <mfisch> yeah, once we let dbus launch us, we should let dbus handle everything

 18:23:01 <mhall119> yeah, so basically what jono did with cron and pidfiles, dbus does automagically

 18:23:02 <mfisch> having us manually start or kill a process that dbus started will lead to bad news

 18:23:06 <mhall119> and dbus does it better ;)

 18:23:06 <mfisch> yes

 18:23:29 <cielak> odd that despite studying dbus for a week I have not discovered it's core goodies :)

 18:23:43 <mhall119> you could study it for a year and still find surprises ;)

 18:23:55 <mfisch> I've been debugging a dbus signal issue all week

 18:24:00 <cielak> okay, so the conclusion is that I need to learn DBus more before I start playing with it at all, hehe ;)

 18:24:14 <mhall119> playing makes you learn faster

 18:24:23 <mhall119> breaking makes you learn faster still

 18:24:24 <mfisch> I think it's simpler than that

 18:24:34 <mfisch> remove all the cronjob/pid file code

 18:24:47 <mfisch> change autostart from a launch to sending a dbus message

 18:24:52 <mfisch> that will force dbus to start it

 18:24:58 <mfisch> then you're done I think

 18:25:06 <cielak> mfisch: actually, no way to remove it, as twistd relies on the file not existing

 18:25:19 <mfisch> do we still need twistd?

 18:25:46 <cielak> ooh, porting the code out of twistd now would be a really great deal

 18:25:54 <cielak> I guess we do

 18:25:59 <mfisch> what else does twistd give us?

 18:26:02 <mhall119> what is twisted used for?

 18:26:04 <cielak> all that @deferred stuff is twisd magic

 18:26:32 <mhall119> I don't know enough about the daemon internals to know

 18:26:42 <cielak> and it's meant to ensure our code is not multi-threading etc.

 18:27:24 <cielak> don't get me wrong, I'd LOVE to get rid of twistd

 18:27:35 <mhall119> make jono re-write it in go

 18:27:37 <mfisch> this needs more investigation

 18:27:39 <mhall119> :)

 18:28:02 <mfisch> I vote that we investigate more and revisit this

 18:28:06 <cielak> mfisch: +1

 18:28:24 <mhall119> +1

 18:28:39 <cielak> okay, so let's move to next topic on my list

 18:28:49 <cielak> #topic Sync up with the team on the idea of expanding the .accomplishment format to support keywords/tags.

 18:29:03 <cielak> have you played with my latest MP for the viewer? I know mfisch did

 18:29:18 <mfisch> cielak: I need to respond to you, will try to do that tonight

 18:29:25 <cielak> mfisch: cool ;)

 18:29:37 <mhall119> I haven't, no

 18:30:00 <cielak> mhall119: basically it implements much quickler filtering + a search feature

 18:30:14 <cielak> and I'd like to go one step further with te search feature

 18:30:17 <mhall119> cielak: still using iconview?

 18:30:49 <cielak> currently it looks just in the accomplsihment title, and because of that searching for 'CC' will not find community-council accoms

 18:30:56 <cielak> mhall119: still!

 18:31:27 <cielak> mhall119: the magic is to use GtkTreeModelFilter and never clear the main model

 18:31:51 <cielak> my idea is that we may want to add an optional 'keywords' field in .accomplishment files

 18:32:07 <cielak> which would list synonyms, common typos etc. for the accomplishment

 18:32:25 <cielak> so that the search feature could check the title and the keywords

 18:33:12 <mhall119> +1 for keywords

 18:33:15 <cielak> that's gonna be easy to implement, yet I think all changes to .accomplishments format are worth discussing :)

 18:33:40 <mfisch> +1 too for keywords

 18:33:50 <cielak> awesome, thanks for your feedback ;)

 18:33:59 <mfisch> lets file bugs to go back and add keywords to existing accomps too

 18:34:25 <cielak> exactly, I guess this is a cool assignment for a new contributor

 18:34:46 <mhall119> tag the bugs with "bitesize"

 18:34:49 <cielak> quite easy, and helps to get familiar with accoms structure

 18:35:09 <mhall119> having bitesize bugs makes it easy to point new contributors to a list of things they can do

 18:35:10 <cielak> and since we are speaking about new contributors...

 18:35:13 <cielak> #topic Looking for opportunities for new contributors and discussing how we should deal with suggesting work to them.

 18:35:29 <mfisch> so i was thinking some about this

 18:35:35 <cielak> there is at least 3 people who are willing to contribute

 18:35:48 <mfisch> and the current process of doing a MP and what-not may be causing people to not contribute

 18:36:02 <cielak> some of them are not interested in comtributing accoms, and I think they are very welcome to do some hacking in the viewer etc.

 18:36:25 <mfisch> ah I was thinking of accomps writers

 18:36:50 <cielak> mfisch: so you have ideas on how we can improve accomps writers experience?

 18:37:24 <mfisch> no great ideas, but I wonder if the LP merge process is stopping people

 18:37:33 <mhall119> so in my experience, this is what I'd recommend:

 18:37:35 <mfisch> perhaps the script writing is also a problem

 18:37:40 <s-fox> mfisch,  the merge thing was akward to learn, but not that difficult once you get your head around it

 18:37:48 <s-fox> that is my experience anyway :)

 18:37:50 <mhall119> 1) Give a list of specific targets (like adding keywords to existing accoms)

 18:38:03 <mhall119> 2) Give detailed step-by-step instructions for how to do it

 18:38:06 <cielak> on the other hand, there was noone who contacted us in terms of not being able to send their contribution

 18:38:27 <mhall119> 3) Give detailed step-by-step instructions for how to submit it (bzr commit, bzr push, create an MP, etc)

 18:38:52 <mhall119> 4) Blog about it (get jono to promote your blog post)

 18:39:17 <mhall119> 5) Mosty importantly, publicaly thank the people who do contribute, seeing others get praise motivates people to get involved too

 18:39:35 <mfisch> I'd like a blog post to include some specific ideas for ones people can write

 18:39:40 <mfisch> I know we have a todo list somewhere

 18:40:02 <cielak> mhall119: agreed, except for the blog part this is what I usually do

 18:40:07 <mfisch> I guess that's what mhall119 said in 1)

 18:40:23 <cielak> mfisch: I have some more bitesize bugs to fill in

 18:40:24 <mhall119> http://mhall119.com/2012/02/contributing-to-unity-for-non-developers-keywords/ is an example you can look at, I got a lot of new contributors adding keywords to .desktop files with that

 18:40:47 <cielak> where is ours todo list so that I can add this ideas there?

 18:41:25 <cielak> mhall119: ooh, cool guide, we surely need something like that

 18:41:40 <mhall119> cielak: write one ;)

 18:41:42 <mfisch> lets take a todo for that

 18:41:46 <cielak> I surely will

 18:42:00 <mfisch> I can help write it, just worried about over-committing to stuff right now

 18:42:06 <mfisch> nexus7 is still crazy

 18:42:25 <mhall119> mfisch: fix the primary-mouse-button-getting-stuck bug :P

 18:43:01 <cielak> If I recall correctly, the accoms-writing guide had detailed instructions on how to use bzr to submit changes

 18:43:14 <cielak> they may need refreshing, though

 18:43:46 <cielak> any more ideas on what simple activities we may assign to newcommers?

 18:44:17 <cielak> also, smartboyhw wanted to contribute new accoms, but we're running out of reasonable ideas

 18:44:43 <mhall119> nope, just make sure you always give an over-abundance of information.  People don't get discouraged by being told what they already know, but they will get discouraged if they're not told something they do need to know

 18:44:57 <cielak> yeah, totally :)

 18:45:02 <mfisch> there's got to me hundreds of ideas for desktop

 18:45:17 <mfisch> install ubuntu on ARM is one I'm a fan of

 18:45:31 <mhall119> +1 for desktop, just get people to go through the apps on their Launcher and think of accomplishments they can write for each

 18:45:51 <cielak> https://wiki.ubuntu.com/Accomplishments/AccomplishmentIdeas/LocalAccomplishments

 18:45:57 <cielak> this may be worth refreshing too

 18:46:33 <mhall119> One benefit of the "write something for an app on your launcher" is that they will be targetting an app they commonly use

 18:46:51 <mfisch> cielak: lets take an action to update that wiki page with ideas

 18:47:13 <mhall119> someone might have no interest in deja dup or gwibber, but if they have Tomboy notes stuck to their launcher, they would probably know what kind of accomplishments to write for that

 18:47:39 <cielak> agreed

 18:47:46 <mfisch> "Tomboy didn't erase my notes for 3 months"

 18:48:05 <mhall119> also, we talked at UDS about getting new icon images for people to use, that would be a good way for artists to get involved

 18:48:14 <mhall119> mfisch: oh come on now

 18:48:20 <mhall119> we should make them something possible

 18:48:28 <mfisch> lol

 18:48:39 <cielak> I guess Martin took the artwork work item

 18:48:40 * mhall119 happens to love Tomboy and hasn't lost anything in years

 18:48:53 <mhall119> cielak: yeah, but there are more artists than just him

 18:49:02 <cielak> sure :)

 18:49:34 <cielak> I thought it might be appropriate to contact him and suggest he lead the artwork update

 18:49:55 <mhall119> is there a website other than the wiki for the Accomplishments project?

 18:49:58 <cielak> it may be easier for him to reach for other artists and cooperate

 18:50:04 <cielak> nope

 18:50:14 <cielak> except for trophies.ubuntu.com

 18:50:18 <mhall119> if he has time, he took several work items this UDS

 18:50:58 <cielak> anyway, contacting him would be fair

 18:51:19 <mhall119> yeah, maybe he could write a blog calling for more artist contributors

 18:51:34 <cielak> indeed

 18:51:42 <s-fox> you know i could ask the arty types on the ubuntu forums for help if you want.

 18:51:51 <mhall119> s-fox: that's a good idea too

 18:52:13 <mhall119> we might want a list of "wanted" images

 18:52:18 <s-fox> i mean they are great for producing icons for developers

 18:52:40 <mhall119> I'm thinking we could use a Ribbon, a medal, a certificate, etc

 18:53:04 <mhall119> maybe a couple variations on the current trophy image

 18:53:16 <s-fox> I know what i'd like to see, have the ask ubuntu icons match what they are on the website

 18:53:27 <mhall119> +1

 18:53:31 <cielak> +1!

 18:53:53 <mhall119> all of that should go into a call for artist contributors, so they have a list of things they know we want

 18:54:17 <mhall119> for the askubuntu ones, someone would need to check on copyright license for them

 18:54:27 <mhall119> mfisch: ^^

 18:54:47 <mfisch> ok

 18:54:51 <mhall119> thanks

 18:54:55 <mfisch> we can ask jorge

 18:55:03 <mhall119> ok, I can do that

 18:55:05 <s-fox> even if we can't use those exact icons it would be good to have something like a ribbon?

 18:55:12 <mhall119> yeah

 18:55:31 <mhall119> also, let's ask for these in SVG, so we can easily re-color them, or add to them, etc

 18:55:37 <mfisch> +1

 18:55:39 <cielak> svg is a must

 18:55:49 <cielak> we might want to change icon size one day

 18:55:57 <cielak> + it is different in the lens

 18:56:13 <s-fox> i thought svg was just for vectors?  wouldn't we want something like a psd or whatever gimp uses?

 18:56:34 <mfisch> we can render svg though

 18:56:42 <s-fox> ahh :)

 18:57:04 <mhall119> svg would be just as good, just edit it in Inkscape

 18:57:11 <cielak> indeed ;)

 18:57:27 <cielak> with 3 minutes left I should ask if anyone has something else to discuss?

 18:57:39 <cielak> s-fox, any progress on forum accomplishments?

 18:58:14 <s-fox> not touched it cielak , it looks like the ubuntu forums might actually be getting the upgrade soon so the html might change

 18:58:28 <cielak> ooh

 18:58:35 <cielak> ideally the accoms would be html-independent

 18:58:43 <cielak> I am not sure how much this is doable, though

 18:58:47 <s-fox> trying to get an idea as to when it will happen. no point spending time on making it work when the structure of the page might change

 18:58:58 <cielak> true

 18:59:08 <s-fox> especially if it looks like it might come in before the new year

 18:59:12 <mfisch> speaking of that, cielak I'm going to wait on pep8 until your search stuff is done

 18:59:40 <s-fox> i am looking forward to doing more with regex though! :D

 18:59:59 <cielak> then again, the search stuff is waiting for your review ;) so whenever you'll have some spare time

 19:00:13 <mhall119> s-fox: wasn't there a forums API we were going to get?

 19:00:33 <cielak> mhall119: haha!

 19:01:12 <cielak> mhall119: let me find you the link to the ticket

 19:01:26 <s-fox> mhall119,  we were met with silence. twice i believe

 19:01:34 <mhall119> ah, ok

 19:01:36 <mhall119> nvm then

 19:01:36 <cielak> mhall119: https://rt.ubuntu.com/Ticket/Display.html?id=19790

 19:01:38 <s-fox> jono even poked them for a response

 19:02:08 <cielak> we can't wait endlessly, so we'll use a workaround

 19:02:19 <mhall119> ok

 19:02:20 <cielak> okay, anyone has something more to discuss?

 19:03:08 <s-fox> maybe channel promotion ?

 19:03:23 <cielak> what do you mean?

 19:03:56 <s-fox> mind you , i suppose that would come with getting more people involved with the project anyway

 19:04:12 <cielak> likely ;)

 19:04:44 <cielak> okay, so thanks everyone for coming and your feedback, have a nice day!

 19:04:57 <cielak> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)