#title #ubuntu-meeting Meeting

Meeting started by NCommander at 15:02:34 UTC.  The full logs are
available at
http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2012/ubuntu-meeting.2012-01-12-15.02.log.html
.



== Meeting summary ==

''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ARM/Meeting/2012/20120112#preview   (NCommander, 15:03:01)
''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ARM/Meeting/2012/20120112   (NCommander, 15:03:06)
''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ARM/Meeting/2012/20120112   (NCommander, 15:03:11)
 *action item review

 *jcrigby to update the mx53 kernel (c/o)
''ACTION:'' NCommander to cntact jcrigby offline about mx53 kernel  (NCommander, 15:06:01)

 *NCommander to track dependency SNAFU on status tracker and remove non-ARM specs

 *http://status.ubuntu.com/ubuntu-precise/ubuntu-arm.html

 *http://status.ubuntu.com/ubuntu-precise/ubuntu-arm.html

 *ARM Server Status (NCommander)

 *Kernel Status (cooloney, ppisati)

 *ARM Porting/FTBFS status (NCommander, janimo)

 *ARM Hardfloat status (infinity)

 *ARM Image Status (ogra, NCommander)

 *QA Status (GrueMaster, mahmoh)

 *Linaro Updates (rsalveti)
''LINK:'' http://rsalveti.wordpress.com/2012/01/10/ubuntu-tv-ui-at-pandaboard-and-next-steps/   (rsalveti, 15:29:00)

 *AOB



Meeting ended at 15:31:00 UTC.



== Votes ==




== Action items ==

 * NCommander to cntact jcrigby offline about mx53 kernel



== Action items, by person ==

 * NCommander
 ** NCommander to cntact jcrigby offline about mx53 kernel



== People present (lines said) ==

 * NCommander (66)
 * rsalveti (15)
 * ogra_ (14)
 * ppisati (10)
 * GrueMaster (8)
 * infinity (6)
 * meetingology (4)
 * janimo (3)
 * davidm (2)
 * cooloney (1)



== Full Log ==


 15:02:34 <NCommander> #startmeeting

 15:02:35 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Jan 12 15:02:34 2012 UTC.  The chair is NCommander. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/AlanBell/mootbot.

 15:02:35 <meetingology> 

 15:02:35 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 15:02:53 <janimo> hi

 15:03:01 <NCommander> [link] https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ARM/Meeting/2012/20120112#preview

 15:03:06 <NCommander> [link] https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ARM/Meeting/2012/20120112

 15:03:11 <NCommander> #link https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ARM/Meeting/2012/20120112

 15:03:17 <NCommander> oh give me a freaking break

 15:03:33 * NCommander waits for the others to arrive

 15:05:16 * davidm waves

 15:05:16 <NCommander> [topic] action item review

 15:05:18 <NCommander> [topic] jcrigby to update the mx53 kernel (c/o)

 15:05:31 <NCommander> still no jcrigby

 15:05:34 * NCommander cos

 15:05:37 <NCommander> *c/os

 15:06:01 <NCommander> [action] NCommander to cntact jcrigby offline about mx53 kernel

 15:06:01 * meetingology NCommander to cntact jcrigby offline about mx53 kernel

 15:06:04 <NCommander> [topic] NCommander to track dependency SNAFU on status tracker and remove non-ARM specs

 15:06:18 <NCommander> Its *slightly* better, but I haven't properly weeded the dependency tree yet

 15:07:02 <NCommander> [topic] http://status.ubuntu.com/ubuntu-precise/ubuntu-arm.html

 15:07:06 <NCommander> [topic] http://status.ubuntu.com/ubuntu-precise/ubuntu-arm.html

 15:08:06 <infinity> Regarding mx53 kernel, jcrigby is working on merging 3.2.0, and will include armhf support at the same time.

 15:08:11 <NCommander> +1

 15:08:24 <NCommander> as for burndown charts, we closed a few action this week, and reassigned a few around

 15:08:30 <ogra_> status seriously looks bad

 15:08:47 <NCommander> ogra_: its the dependency cruft which I need to apply weedkiller to

 15:08:51 <NCommander> so non-ARM specs are not tracked

 15:08:54 <ogra_> we need to perform better until FF

 15:09:03 <GrueMaster> Mine looks good.  :P

 15:09:15 * NCommander whacks GrueMaster

 15:09:15 <ogra_> sure, but we didnt close as many items as hoped during the sprint

 15:09:38 <ogra_> (nothing we candt fix until FF indeed ;)

 15:09:46 <NCommander> :-P

 15:09:49 <NCommander> Anyway

 15:09:57 <ogra_> move ;)

 15:09:58 <NCommander> [topic] ARM Server Status (NCommander)

 15:10:01 <NCommander> No updates

 15:10:06 <davidm> Have we postponed everything that we need to?

 15:10:13 <ogra_> yep

 15:10:16 <NCommander> [topic] Kernel Status (cooloney, ppisati)

 15:10:48 <ogra_> ppisati, around ?

 15:10:49 <cooloney> hey

 15:11:06 <NCommander> ogra_ has gone to ping ppisati

 15:11:12 <janimo> ac100 3.0 fixes uploaded, with tools package enabled

 15:11:15 <NCommander> cooloney: anyway, any status? :-)

 15:11:32 <ppisati> hey

 15:11:47 <ppisati> i just submitted the kexec fixes for arm

 15:11:59 <ogra_> great :)

 15:12:05 <NCommander> can we have it working across more than one upload? :-)

 15:12:06 <ppisati> about the bug tobin submitted for P/omap4, there was a missing patch

 15:12:18 <GrueMaster> Excelent.

 15:12:20 <infinity> ppisati: By submitted, do you mean it's being pushed to mainline?

 15:12:21 <ppisati> next upload will fix it

 15:12:35 <ppisati> infinity: i pulled it from mainline to our tree

 15:12:36 <GrueMaster> Cool

 15:12:38 * NCommander sees ubuntu-arm-r-arm-softbootloader in my future

 15:12:42 <infinity> ppisati: Oh, even better.

 15:12:49 * NCommander promptly goes to off himself

 15:13:07 <ogra_> was that supposed to mean "offer" actually ?

 15:13:26 <NCommander> ogra_: no, off, as in kill

 15:13:26 <ppisati> ah, and there was even another fix for the usb "slow down problem" that Ming Lei worarounded back then

 15:13:40 <ppisati> ARM acknwledged it was a desegin bug in the cache controller

 15:13:46 <ogra_> nah, that surely was "offer" as in volunteering ;)

 15:13:47 <NCommander> that spec been the bane of my existance since jaunty

 15:13:47 <GrueMaster> Yes, saw that.

 15:13:54 <ppisati> i pulled the fix in P

 15:14:04 <NCommander> anyway

 15:14:09 <NCommander> anything else?

 15:14:10 <ppisati> that's pretty much all for now

 15:14:15 <ppisati> iirc

 15:14:21 <NCommander> [topic] ARM Porting/FTBFS status (NCommander, janimo)

 15:14:27 <NCommander> Speaking of banes of my existance

 15:14:34 <NCommander> I've been working to port libreoffice to hardfloat

 15:14:35 <janimo> fixed a package or two, not muchh

 15:14:57 <NCommander> I've managed to hit it with enough of a stick that it now partially passes the internal test suite

 15:15:27 <NCommander> A larger stick will be needed to get it working for hardfloat, probably 1-2 weeks of solid porting working but it at least looks straightforward from here

 15:15:31 <NCommander> */tempting fate*

 15:15:33 <infinity> I'm chasing down the status of fpc, ocamlopt, and gnat.  Still works in progress.  More to report in a couple of weeks, I hope.

 15:16:14 <NCommander> infinity: gnat shouldn't matter, we never managed to bootstrap it on armel either

 15:17:00 <ogra_> oh, evo seems to ftbfs on armhf

 15:17:06 <NCommander> ARGH

 15:17:14 <infinity> NCommander: It's fine on armel (gnat).

 15:17:30 <NCommander> infinity: well, with gnat, you have to build a cross-compiler to armhf, then cross-bootstrap the compiler, then native build it

 15:17:50 <NCommander> (brilliant that the only FOSS Ada compiler is written in Ada)

 15:18:16 <infinity> NCommander: Yeah, I know.  markos has been working on a few bugs with it, apparently.

 15:18:21 <rsalveti> also, do you all know about the porting queue webpage we created? http://bit.ly/arm-porting-queue

 15:18:23 <NCommander> infinity: ocaml will be rather painful, given we never got it to build with thumb2 even

 15:18:32 <rsalveti> just in case you're looking for bugs related with ftbfs

 15:18:43 <rsalveti> together with the qa one

 15:18:52 <NCommander> rsalveti: handy

 15:19:40 <NCommander> infinity: fpc probably isn't that high of priority. We only managed to build it on powerpc last cycle ...

 15:21:18 <NCommander> anyway

 15:21:19 <NCommander> moving on

 15:21:27 <NCommander> [topic] ARM Hardfloat status (infinity)

 15:21:29 <NCommander> hrm

 15:21:35 <NCommander> I thinkI meant to kill this status section

 15:21:42 <NCommander> [topic] ARM Image Status (ogra, NCommander)

 15:22:01 <NCommander> again, nothing to report

 15:22:58 <NCommander> moving on

 15:23:13 <NCommander> [topic] QA Status (GrueMaster, mahmoh)

 15:23:53 <GrueMaster> 7 SRU kernels were tested last week (Thursday).

 15:25:02 <GrueMaster> Now looking into automating daily image installs.  Waiting on preinstall preseed capabilities (ogra???).

 15:26:07 <GrueMaster> That's all for me.  Back to the swamp.

 15:26:22 <ogra_> re :P

 15:26:24 <ogra_> GrueMaster, its on my todo for tomorrow :)

 15:27:31 <GrueMaster> mahmoh: Anything to report on your end?

 15:27:32 <NCommander> [topic] Linaro Updates (rsalveti)

 15:27:50 <rsalveti> not much from my side, jcrigby is working on all the pieces we need

 15:27:54 <rsalveti> like kernel and newer u-boot

 15:28:07 <rsalveti> so should be around probably later this week, next week

 15:28:21 <rsalveti> other than that we got ubuntu tv ui working on panda

 15:28:26 <NCommander> rsalveti: great. anything else or can I move on?

 15:28:31 <rsalveti> something I blogged about on monday

 15:28:33 <NCommander> rsalveti: el or hf? :-)

 15:28:41 <rsalveti> el, based on oneiric

 15:28:46 <rsalveti> we're still missing video decode

 15:28:50 <rsalveti> but we know what needs to be done already

 15:29:00 <rsalveti> http://rsalveti.wordpress.com/2012/01/10/ubuntu-tv-ui-at-pandaboard-and-next-steps/

 15:29:21 <rsalveti> once it's done, and the sgx driver is available for hf, we can also make sure it's running on precise

 15:29:23 <rsalveti> :-)

 15:29:28 <rsalveti> that's all from my side

 15:29:43 <NCommander> [topic] AOB

 15:30:47 <NCommander> if nothing

 15:30:51 <NCommander> will close in 3

 15:30:54 <NCommander> 2

 15:30:54 <ogra_> go

 15:30:56 <NCommander> 1

 15:31:00 <NCommander> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/AlanBell/mootbot)