#title #ubuntu-meeting Meeting

Meeting started by zul at 16:05:10 UTC.  The full logs are available at
http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2012/ubuntu-meeting.2012-02-28-16.05.log.html
.



== Meeting summary ==

 *Review ACTION points from previous meeting

 *Precise Development
''LINK:'' http://status.ubuntu.com/ubuntu-precise/ubuntu-server.html   (arosales, 16:09:24)

 *Ubuntu Server Team Events

 *Weekly Updates & Questions for the QA Team (hggdh)

 *Weekly Updates & Questions for the Kernel Team (smb)

 *Weekly Updates & Questions regarding Ubuntu ARM Server (rbasak)

 *Open Discussion

 *Announce next meeting date and time



Meeting ended at 16:39:25 UTC.



== Votes ==




== Action items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * zul (51)
 * arosales (43)
 * ubottu (13)
 * rbasak (8)
 * Daviey (6)
 * smb (5)
 * adam_g (4)
 * hggdh (3)
 * meetingology (3)
 * lynxman (2)
 * roaksoax (2)
 * utlemming (2)
 * hallyn (1)
 * ogra_ (1)



== Full Log ==


 16:05:10 <zul> #startmeeting

 16:05:10 <meetingology> Meeting started Tue Feb 28 16:05:10 2012 UTC.  The chair is zul. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:05:10 <meetingology> 

 16:05:10 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 16:05:28 <zul> so this is the server team meeting so lets get started

 16:05:41 <zul> #topic Review ACTION points from previous meeting

 16:05:42 <adam_g> o/

 16:05:52 <zul> i guess there was none?

 16:06:05 <zul> #topic Precise Development

 16:06:12 <zul> so beta-1 is next week isnt it?

 16:06:22 <ogra_> in two days

 16:06:28 <arosales> beta-1 testing is now open

 16:06:41 <zul> damn...i need a better calendar

 16:06:50 <zul> does anyone want to drive this topic?

 16:06:55 <zul> Daviey: ^^^

 16:07:23 <zul> arosales: ^^^

 16:07:30 <arosales> Any Feature Freeze expectations to note?

 16:07:52 <arosales> zul: keystone is going well?

 16:08:16 <zul> arosales: yeah..but it seems to have broke some things

 16:08:45 <zul> service tokens have changed so people upstream are grossing about it

 16:08:54 <zul> but yeah

 16:09:08 <arosales> ok, thanks for working on that zul

 16:09:17 <arosales> Any work items folks would like to talk about

 16:09:24 <arosales> http://status.ubuntu.com/ubuntu-precise/ubuntu-server.html

 16:09:35 <zul> the debian-installer one should be fixed now

 16:09:58 <zul> bug 923681

 16:10:00 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 923681 in debian-installer (Ubuntu) "Server install fails when selecting everything but 'VM host' & 'Manual selection' from tasksel" [High,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/923681

 16:10:27 <arosales> thats good news

 16:10:34 <zul> anything else?

 16:11:25 <arosales> nothing more from me on this topic.

 16:11:47 <zul> anyone want to bring anything else up?

 16:12:06 * arosales still looking at work item status, but will work on that offline

 16:12:19 <zul> if not

 16:12:24 <zul> #topic Ubuntu Server Team Events

 16:12:43 <zul> ODS is coming up in April, UDS is coming up after that

 16:12:50 <zul> any events people are going to?

 16:12:58 <Daviey> hola, i thought utlemming was charining?

 16:13:00 <arosales> m_3 is @ Strata

 16:13:13 <zul> Daviey: that was last week

 16:13:25 <utlemming> Daviey: that was last week

 16:13:26 <utlemming> :)

 16:13:45 <Daviey> utlemming: wiki said otherwise.. anyway, sorry for the noise.

 16:14:27 <zul> anyways i dont think there is any other events coming up

 16:14:42 <zul> #topic Weekly Updates & Questions for the QA Team (hggdh)

 16:14:54 <hggdh> hi

 16:15:00 <zul> hey hggdh

 16:15:10 <hggdh> only... Beta testing, and testing, folks ;-)

 16:15:11 <hggdh> ..

 16:15:16 <zul> cool

 16:15:24 <zul> any questions for hggdh

 16:16:16 <zul> if not quickly moving on:

 16:16:28 <zul> #topic Weekly Updates & Questions for the Kernel Team (smb)

 16:16:30 <zul> hi smb

 16:16:36 <smb> From things going on I believe the only thing worth noting from my side is for Lucid where I had been looking at a bug about spinlocking that lead to even more determined thinking of dropping the whole ec2 patch delta and moving back to the basic 2.6.32 kernel for EC2 as well. The decision to go with the special patch set was based on one missing

 16:17:05 <smb> patch. And we know about that now. Of cousrse this needs a lot of testing before actually going on with that

 16:17:14 <zul> cool

 16:17:35 <smb> Otherwise open for question if there are

 16:17:36 <smb> ..

 16:17:41 <zul> any questions?

 16:18:26 * smb thinks no

 16:18:30 <zul> everybody must be working away

 16:18:48 <zul> #topic Weekly Updates & Questions regarding Ubuntu ARM Server (rbasak)

 16:18:50 <zul> hi rbasak

 16:18:55 <rbasak> hello!

 16:19:00 <zul> anything to bring up

 16:19:13 <rbasak> Nothing to report.

 16:19:18 <rbasak> Any questions for me?

 16:19:31 <rbasak> Oh - the ARM team has now merged into platform, QA etc.

 16:20:02 <zul> if not moving on

 16:20:14 <zul> #topic Open Discussion

 16:20:31 <zul> anything to bring up

 16:20:40 <arosales> \o

 16:20:59 <arosales> adam_g: Did you get any more info on bug 924739?

 16:21:01 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 924739 in squid3 (Ubuntu Precise) "after upgrade from oneiric to precise, previous squid config unused, cannot be used when relocated" [Critical,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/924739

 16:21:51 <arosales> zul, mind if we go through at least the high bugs @ http://status.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/ubuntu-server/release-bugs.html

 16:22:02 <zul> arosales: go ahead

 16:22:14 <arosales> zul, ok thanks.

 16:22:18 <arosales> bug 883988

 16:22:19 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 883988 in glance (Ubuntu Precise) "db migration failing when upgrading glance - trying to create existing tables" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/883988

 16:22:44 <arosales> adam_g: were you working on this one?

 16:23:13 <arosales> perhaps similar to bug 779311

 16:23:15 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 779311 in glance (Ubuntu) "Glance update for Ubuntu failing" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/779311

 16:23:28 <arosales> bug 893926

 16:23:29 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 893926 in eucalyptus (Ubuntu) "Contains traces of UEC" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/893926

 16:24:11 <Daviey> ^^ i think we should try and punt that to iamfuzz

 16:24:12 <arosales> no recent updates on this one, any one have any information on EUC?

 16:24:18 <Daviey> (Sorry for being largely absent.)

 16:24:47 <arosales> bug 911812

 16:24:49 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 911812 in facter (Ubuntu Precise) "processor fact does not handle arm, others" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/911812

 16:25:11 <roaksoax> arosales: haven't taken care of it as I've been busy with the MaaS stuff

 16:25:36 <arosales> roaksoax: roger that, still on your radar though?

 16:25:50 <roaksoax> arosales: yest, this week i should definitely get it done (gfinally)

 16:26:00 <arosales> roaksoax: cool, thanks :-)

 16:26:03 <arosales> bug 923681

 16:26:05 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 923681 in debian-installer (Ubuntu) "Server install fails when selecting everything but 'VM host' & 'Manual selection' from tasksel" [High,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/923681

 16:26:12 <arosales> zul already covered that

 16:26:29 <arosales> bug 925024

 16:26:31 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 925024 in lxc (Ubuntu) "apparmor makes it impossible to install postgresql-common on Precise" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/925024

 16:27:15 <arosales> hallyn: any more insights into 925024?

 16:27:56 <arosales> or still waiting on feedback from Brad?

 16:28:27 <arosales> bug 850443

 16:28:27 <adam_g> arosales: sorry, internet dropped. re squid bug, talked to daviey about this yesterday and i have better direction now than last week.  i pinged upstream about bug 883988, the glance db migration bug seems to be deferred upstream till next cycle, so ill probably try to come up with a fix myself for that.

 16:28:28 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 850443 in python-eventlet (Ubuntu) "Nova API does not listen on IPv6" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/850443

 16:28:30 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 883988 in glance (Ubuntu Precise) "db migration failing when upgrading glance - trying to create existing tables" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/883988

 16:28:35 <hallyn> arosales: fix is heading into the kernel

 16:28:57 <arosales> hallyn: great, thanks.

 16:29:09 <arosales> Daviey: is 850443 yours?

 16:29:35 <arosales> adam_g: Thanks for the update and continuing to work on that squid.conf issue.

 16:29:52 <arosales> bug 928383

 16:29:53 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 928383 in glance (Ubuntu) "python-glance package contains stuff about API and registry" [High,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/928383

 16:30:06 <arosales> look to be fairly new

 16:30:20 <adam_g> arosales: i think that one is invalid, ill mark it so

 16:30:21 <Daviey> arosales: currently blocked on upstream bug tracker comments

 16:30:41 <arosales> adam_g: Thanks for updating 928383

 16:31:11 <arosales> Daviey: ok, thanks.

 16:31:36 <arosales> bug 928990

 16:31:38 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 928990 in cloud-init (Ubuntu) "fsck / dirty filesystem on instance is death" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/928990

 16:32:18 <arosales> Looks like smoser filed this one on  Feb 8th

 16:32:48 <arosales> smoser: utlemming: any further insights on 928990?

 16:33:15 <arosales> bug 929780

 16:33:19 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 929780 in nova (Ubuntu) "console.ring files should not be world readable" [High,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/929780

 16:33:58 <adam_g> zul: was that console.ring permission one fixed with the proper refresh of the nova console patch we carry?

 16:34:04 <zul> i think thats fixed

 16:34:16 <rbasak> what's the instance directory's permissions?

 16:34:23 <rbasak> or is that the fix?

 16:34:30 <zul> thats the fix

 16:34:43 <arosales> zul, could you update that bug?

 16:34:45 <zul> ill double check one more time today :(

 16:34:58 <arosales> solid, thanks zul :-)

 16:35:41 <arosales> zul: that covers the high bugs, there is a few pings out there for folks still . . .

 16:36:06 <arosales> but perhaps they will catch the log or back scroll

 16:36:09 <lynxman> Daviey: did you get to talk with jdstrand about the puppet security update?

 16:36:39 <Daviey> lynxman: not as yet

 16:36:54 <zul> anything else?

 16:36:56 <rbasak> We should have a separate agenda item for Precise Server release bugs really.

 16:37:13 <zul> we should not have any bugs ;)

 16:37:35 <rbasak> Action item for zul: fix all the bugs :)

 16:37:57 <zul> yeah thats not going to happen :P

 16:38:08 <lynxman> zul: if there's anyone that can do it, it's you

 16:38:52 <zul> if anyone thing has any else

 16:39:05 <zul> #topic Announce next meeting date and time

 16:39:18 <zul> next week same bat time same bat channel

 16:39:23 <zul> thanks for coming

 16:39:25 <zul> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)