#title #ubuntu-meeting Meeting

Meeting started by skaet at 15:02:07 UTC.  The full logs are available
at
http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2012/ubuntu-meeting.2012-09-21-15.02.log.html
.



== Meeting summary ==

''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ReleaseTeam/Meeting/2012-09-21   (skaet, 15:03:10)
''LINK:'' https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-September/001955.html - QA - plars  (skaet, 15:03:49)
''LINK:'' https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-September/001958.html - desktop - didrocks  (skaet, 15:03:53)
''LINK:'' https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-September/001954.html - security - mdeslaur  (skaet, 15:03:55)
''LINK:'' https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-September/001950.html - HWCert - brendand  (skaet, 15:03:57)
''LINK:'' https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-September/001949.html - kernel - ogasawara  (skaet, 15:03:59)
''LINK:'' https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-September/001952.html - ubuntu one - joshuahoover  (skaet, 15:04:01)
''LINK:'' https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-September/001965.html - community - balloons  (skaet, 15:04:04)
''LINK:'' https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-September/001956.html - server - arosales  (skaet, 15:04:06)
''LINK:'' https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-September/001961.html - linaro - fabo  (skaet, 15:04:08)
''LINK:'' https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-September/001968.html - Unity - popey  (skaet, 15:04:10)
''LINK:'' https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-September/001962.html - foundations - ogra_  (skaet, 15:04:12)
''LINK:'' https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-September/001960.html - kubuntu - RIddell  (skaet, 15:04:14)
''LINK:'' https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-September/001951.html - edubuntu - stgraber  (skaet, 15:04:16)
 *Comments and Questions
''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/QuantalQuetzal/TechnicalOverview   (skaet, 15:06:48)
''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/ubuntu-font-family-sources/+bug/1048600   (Laney, 15:08:12)
''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/libunity-webapps/+bug/1040313   (skaet, 15:35:57)



Meeting ended at 15:57:35 UTC.



== Votes ==




== Action items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * skaet (109)
 * Laney (40)
 * ogra_ (21)
 * popey (21)
 * jbicha (11)
 * didrocks (10)
 * stgraber (7)
 * xnox (7)
 * ubottu (6)
 * Riddell (5)
 * plars (4)
 * mdeslaur (4)
 * meetingology (3)
 * smartboyhw (3)
 * highvoltage (3)
 * micahg (1)
 * brendand (1)



== Full Log ==


 15:02:07 <skaet> #startmeeting

 15:02:07 <meetingology> Meeting started Fri Sep 21 15:02:07 2012 UTC.  The chair is skaet. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 15:02:07 <meetingology> 

 15:02:07 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 15:02:08 <highvoltage> this feels like school when the teacher is late for class and things start to get out of control

 15:02:18 <jbicha> \o

 15:02:22 <skaet> sorry,  too many IRC windows this morning

 15:02:22 <highvoltage> o/

 15:02:25 <skaet> who's around?

 15:02:28 <didrocks> o/

 15:02:29 <popey> o/

 15:03:01 <skaet> welcome.  :0

 15:03:02 <smartboyhw> \p

 15:03:04 <skaet> :)

 15:03:04 <Riddell> hi

 15:03:04 <smartboyhw> *\o

 15:03:09 <skaet> Weekly Release Agenda (and minute location):

 15:03:10 <skaet> https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ReleaseTeam/Meeting/2012-09-21

 15:03:10 <skaet> .

 15:03:10 <skaet> Upcoming dates:

 15:03:10 <skaet> 12.10

 15:03:10 <skaet> 2012/09/25: DocString Freeze at 2100 UTC (reset from 9/20 due to UIFE volume)

 15:03:12 <skaet> 2012/09/27: 12.10 Beta 2

 15:03:14 <skaet> 2012/10/04: Kernel Freeze and Desktop Infrastructure Freeze at 2100 UTC

 15:03:16 <skaet> 2012/10/09: Translation Deadline at 1030 UTC and Final Freeze at 2100 UTC

 15:03:18 <skaet> .

 15:03:20 <skaet> Bugs:

 15:03:24 <skaet> Development teams are trying to fix: http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-q-tracking-bug-tasks.html

 15:03:27 <skaet> To be considered for fixing: http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-q-incoming-bug-tasks.html

 15:03:30 <skaet> .

 15:03:32 <skaet> Work Items:

 15:03:43 <skaet> 2012/09/21 -  2996 (was 2996  - 2012/09/14):   Thank you for the recent push to clean up the feature status.  :)

 15:03:43 <skaet> We are still behind the trendline for some of the projects.  Please help get us back where we should be by making sure https://launchpad.net/~/+upcomingwork is up to date for your tasks. If something is clearly not going to make it this cycle, please mark it POSTPONED.

 15:03:45 <skaet> .

 15:03:47 <skaet> Weekly Status Received:

 15:03:49 <skaet> https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-September/001955.html  - QA - plars

 15:03:53 <skaet> https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-September/001958.html - desktop - didrocks

 15:03:55 <skaet> https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-September/001954.html - security - mdeslaur

 15:03:57 <skaet> https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-September/001950.html - HWCert - brendand

 15:03:59 <skaet> https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-September/001949.html  - kernel - ogasawara

 15:04:01 <skaet> https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-September/001952.html - ubuntu one - joshuahoover

 15:04:04 <skaet> https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-September/001965.html - community - balloons

 15:04:06 <skaet> https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-September/001956.html - server - arosales

 15:04:08 <skaet> https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-September/001961.html - linaro - fabo

 15:04:10 <skaet> https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-September/001968.html - Unity - popey

 15:04:12 <skaet> https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-September/001962.html - foundations - ogra_

 15:04:14 <skaet> https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-September/001960.html  - kubuntu - RIddell

 15:04:16 <skaet> https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-September/001951.html - edubuntu - stgraber

 15:04:18 <skaet> ?? - xubuntu - knome

 15:04:20 <skaet> ?? - Ubuntu Studio - ScottL

 15:04:24 <skaet> ?? - Lubuntu - gilir

 15:04:26 <skaet> #topic Comments and Questions

 15:05:02 <skaet> couple of comments first,  and then if people have questions "o/" to get the floor.

 15:06:32 <skaet> Technical Overview is ready for input from teams,  please have your featurecomments in  as early as possible next week.

 15:06:48 <skaet> #link https://wiki.ubuntu.com/QuantalQuetzal/TechnicalOverview

 15:07:04 <skaet> any bugs that need to land for beta2 should get added to http://pad.ubuntu.com/ubuntu-release.  Status will be tracked there and on http://iso.qa.ubuntu.com/  (Beta 2 milestone to be added on Monday).

 15:07:41 <skaet> ..

 15:07:54 <skaet> any one have question to kick the round table off?

 15:08:00 <Laney> o/

 15:08:06 <skaet> go Laney

 15:08:12 <Laney> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/ubuntu-font-family-sources/+bug/1048600

 15:08:14 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1048600 in ubuntu-font-family-sources (Ubuntu) "[FFe] Restore "Ubuntu Medium" weights in Ubuntu's binary .deb" [High,Triaged]

 15:08:16 <Laney> let's decide

 15:08:20 <Laney> I put it in the unapproved queue already.

 15:08:55 <Riddell> decision is taken no? it's been uploaded already

 15:09:02 <Riddell> kubuntu has stopped using the ubuntu font as a result

 15:09:17 <stgraber> Riddell: we're talking about reverting the change

 15:09:25 <popey> we're actively debugging the qt issue

 15:09:33 <skaet> Riddell,  it hasn't been applied.   we're talking about reverting it due to breakage.

 15:10:05 <skaet> I still haven't seen summary of what breaks with it beyond the Qt comments.   Is there anything else?

 15:10:20 <xnox> current status: no medium in the archive. current unapproved queue status: add medium weight.

 15:10:24 <Laney> no

 15:10:27 <Laney> the opposite of that

 15:10:41 <xnox> oh. ok.

 15:10:53 * xnox got confused.

 15:10:54 <Laney> skaet: various Qt apps get a bold font instead of the normal one

 15:10:58 <Riddell> bug 744812 says inkscape?

 15:11:01 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 744812 in ubuntu-font-family-sources (Ubuntu Quantal) "FontConfig/Qt stack choke on Ubuntu Medium font meta-data (No medium in Inkscape and too bold in Qt apps)" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/744812

 15:11:06 <Laney> like, try the U1 control panel

 15:11:09 <Laney> I also saw it on vbox

 15:11:13 <popey> and vlc

 15:11:30 <Laney> anyway, popey: you have a lead?

 15:11:41 <popey> we have allocated a qt person to look at it

 15:12:04 <popey> previously we couldn't find any expert who had time/knowledge to examine the issue further

 15:12:06 <Laney> do we have a bug to track?

 15:12:16 <Laney> I likey the soundy

 15:12:44 <popey> could we use the existing bug?

 15:12:47 <popey> or do you want a new one?

 15:12:52 <popey> "medium font breaks qt apps" ?

 15:12:54 <popey> ..

 15:12:59 <Laney> don't mind particularly

 15:13:36 <Laney> 744812 makes sense

 15:13:38 <popey> I will ask for regular updates

 15:13:40 <popey> ..

 15:13:41 <skaet> popey,  are we likely to get a fix today?

 15:13:46 <Laney> so, let's leave it in the queue until Monday?

 15:13:51 <popey> not likely, no.

 15:13:54 <skaet> there are screen shots that have to happen this weekend.

 15:14:10 <Laney> can they be taken with the non-broken font?

 15:14:21 <skaet> jbicha, ^ ?

 15:14:24 <Laney> either way it will be unbroken (revert or fix)

 15:14:43 <brendand> skaet, i get a 404 on the release upgrade dialog?

 15:15:50 <skaet> cjwatson,  ogra_, ^ known issue?

 15:15:59 <Laney> anyway, let's move on

 15:16:02 <Laney> ..

 15:16:28 <popey> if anyone with deep qt skills on the kde side could help, we'd appreciate it!

 15:16:29 <popey> ..

 15:16:41 <ogra_> skaet, the 404 ? havent heard about it

 15:17:04 <ogra_> skaet, though i know that xnox only recently fixed an issue wheer firefox didnt start at all for the notes

 15:17:16 <ogra_> so it wouldnt have been visible since FF didnt start

 15:17:22 <xnox> ogra_: probably means stgraber

 15:17:29 <ogra_> oh, k

 15:17:34 <ogra_> one of my team :)

 15:17:40 <ogra_> ..

 15:17:41 <skaet> brendand,  if this is a recent failure from quantal daily,  please start a discussion off on #ubuntu-release,   probably not the right time to debug it here.   :)

 15:17:48 <skaet> ..

 15:17:55 <ogra_> file a bug first place ;)

 15:17:55 <ogra_> ..

 15:18:39 <skaet> Laney, popey - so,  we leave it in pending state,  and ask jbicha to make sure to take snapshots from what is in archive right now.

 15:19:01 <skaet> ??

 15:19:04 <Laney> no, he'd have to actively use the old font

 15:19:04 <popey> skaet, when do you need to re-visit this?

 15:19:26 <popey> (or rm the -M font files)

 15:19:29 <Laney> I think the only screenshot that might be affected is U1 though

 15:19:39 <Laney> so depends on whether that's in there

 15:19:42 <skaet> popey,  screen shots are planned for the weekend based on last communication I heard from him.

 15:19:56 <stgraber> I'd personally prefer that we accept the reverted package in the archive and re-introduce the font only once qt is fixed

 15:20:29 <stgraber> it's a one line change in the package, so not really a problem to flip it back whenever we have a fix

 15:20:29 <skaet> stgraber,  I think that is the path of least surprises.

 15:20:49 <popey> could that happen post-b2, pre-release? (the re-enabling)

 15:21:01 <Laney> it can happen basically at any time

 15:21:17 <stgraber> popey: it's going to depend on how scary the fix is going to be

 15:21:27 <Laney> as long as the fix is good

 15:21:41 <popey> Understood. I was taking the flipping-bit in isolation there.

 15:22:36 <skaet> Reverting seems prudent,  given the timing,  and uncertainty of when the fix will land,  and dependencies.

 15:22:58 <skaet> Revert it is - unless someone yells loudly now.

 15:22:58 <skaet> ..

 15:22:58 <Laney> well, the argument for keeping it in is to provide pressure to get it fixed

 15:23:10 <Laney> so, as long as this person will work on it regardless

 15:23:38 <popey> They will

 15:23:48 <Laney> ok

 15:23:52 <Laney> someone accept it then

 15:24:10 <stgraber> Laney: that's odd because my feeling was the opposite, not having the font in the archive was creating more pressure on getting it fixed (as these guys seem to really want it in) ;)

 15:24:10 <Laney> Riddell: will kubuntu take it back? :-)

 15:24:15 <stgraber> Laney: I'll review and accept

 15:24:30 <skaet> thanks Laney,  stgraber.

 15:24:34 <popey> Thank you.

 15:24:51 <skaet> ..

 15:25:00 <Riddell> Laney: being able to go back to the ubuntu font would be nice

 15:25:09 <Laney> rock

 15:25:13 <Laney> coming soon to an archive near you

 15:25:17 <skaet> :)

 15:25:21 <jbicha> sorry, I was distracted; I'd prefer reverting too since it would be nice to have people contribute translated screenshots

 15:25:31 <smartboyhw> lol

 15:25:55 <stgraber> Laney: accepted. Spent a minute trying to figure out what the +console was for in the previous upload, but couldn't find any good reason :)

 15:26:06 <Laney> same (that's why I dropped it)

 15:26:25 <skaet> next topic then...  webapps uploads

 15:27:18 <skaet> I asked mterry to upload the missing bits to the queue,  so we could get them reviewed and decide if its safe to approve the FFe or not.

 15:28:21 <skaet> webapps-applications 2.4.6-0ubuntu1

 15:28:21 <skaet> webapps-greasemonkey 2.3.1-0ubuntu1

 15:28:21 <skaet> unity-firefox-extension 2.3-0ubuntu1

 15:29:01 <skaet> they are key to getting the app story working properly it seems,  and we've been swirling on the FFE and feature churn associated with them.

 15:30:00 <skaet> I need a release team member to volunteer to review them, and make sure the implications are considered.

 15:30:07 <skaet> properly.

 15:30:10 <skaet> any volunteers?

 15:30:52 <jbicha> I'm really not happy with adding more items to the launcher by default without removing some to make up for it

 15:31:57 <jbicha> I've so far gotten no response from Design about what they'd prefer to remove, and I'd like that settled today so that we can finalize screenshots

 15:32:02 <highvoltage> I'm not sure they take your happiness in consideration when making these decisions ;)

 15:32:29 <skaet> jbicha,  we need this decided since its going to affect the screenshots as well.

 15:32:41 <skaet> beyond the laucher.

 15:32:42 <didrocks> the list of default launcher icons is sabdfled, it was already the case, it's still the case for the new list.

 15:32:58 <jbicha> the problem is that items won't fit without scrolling off the screen on 1366x768 pixel screens, which is the most common screen resolution today

 15:33:51 <didrocks> so not sure we can really discuss about removing some without some inputs here

 15:33:54 <didrocks> ..

 15:33:56 <jbicha> somebody buy sabdfl a netbook ;)

 15:34:11 <xnox> jbicha: sure retina display?

 15:34:16 <xnox> ;)

 15:34:29 <skaet> jbicha,  open a design error on them not fitting.   let me know the number.   Not sure this will get resolved timely or not.  but will focus on it for rest of today.

 15:34:30 <xnox> that would be a hell of a netbook =)

 15:34:37 <skaet> :)

 15:34:47 <jbicha> ..

 15:35:57 <skaet> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/libunity-webapps/+bug/1040313

 15:35:58 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1040313 in libunity-webapps (Ubuntu R-series) "[FFE] Update WebApps to support Firefox" [High,Confirmed]

 15:36:05 <skaet> is the other problem here.

 15:36:27 <skaet> since the volunteers haven't rushed forward...

 15:37:04 <didrocks> skaet: chriscoulson reviewed the patch for firefox. He isn't thrilled about them but thinks it's ok

 15:37:05 <skaet> Laney,  since you understand the desktop implications best,  and infinity - since you're on as engineer for this could you both review the packages and make a recommendation.

 15:37:13 <skaet> ?

 15:37:32 <skaet> s/this/Beta 2/

 15:38:11 <Laney> so, we still need NEW and MIR?

 15:38:25 <didrocks> that's my understanding

 15:38:26 <skaet> yes,  that appears to be the case.

 15:39:01 <Laney> I don't really understand what all of the different pieces are for, to be honest

 15:39:48 <skaet> Laney,  mterry will help provide context and direct you to those that should know.   You know more than I do about this one,  and its high risk.

 15:40:34 <skaet> so want to make sure its given best chance at finding blockers/issues before we pull it in.

 15:41:34 <skaet> if you have someone else who's opinion you trust on this,  by all means speak up.

 15:41:55 <Laney> yes, Chris :-)

 15:42:56 <skaet> ok,  if you're willing to accept Chris' opinion on behalf of the release team for this,  ok by me.

 15:44:08 <skaet> mdeslaur,  do we need security reviews for the MIRs for these?  if so,  can you help expedite?

 15:45:01 * skaet will work with infinity and others in #ubuntu-release channel to follow up on this.

 15:45:02 <skaet> ..

 15:45:31 <Laney> I don't mind weighing in, but technically Chris will know more than the rest of us

 15:45:38 <Laney> ..

 15:45:41 <mdeslaur> skaet: probably, yes

 15:45:46 <mdeslaur> skaet: we'll do what we can

 15:46:06 <skaet> Thanks mdeslaur,  Laney.

 15:46:28 <jbicha> o/

 15:46:38 <skaet> go jbicha

 15:47:32 <jbicha> I guess this is just a comment, but the GNOME Remix will try to follow along with Beta2 next week

 15:48:29 <jbicha> ..

 15:48:38 <ogra_> jbicha, i read everywhere that will be gnome2 based ... is that true ?

 15:48:40 <ogra_> ..

 15:48:53 <ogra_> (would be surprising)

 15:49:25 <didrocks> I would applaud *technically* speaking if this was possible, but I doubt it's the case :)

 15:49:26 <jbicha> ogra_: where's everywhere? it's GNOME Shell and for this cycle we're also include GNOME Fallback for those that prefer that

 15:49:39 <ogra_> ah, cool

 15:49:51 <ogra_> jbicha, several blogs, havent gotten any urls atm

 15:50:08 <ogra_> i was assuming thats blind speculation, just wanted to be sure :)

 15:50:11 <ogra_> ..

 15:50:22 <micahg> that wouldn't make sense as GNOME2 isn't even in the archive

 15:50:24 <skaet> thanks jbicha.    I'll let you know when we're ready to release beta 2 then on Thursday.

 15:50:40 <skaet> let me know if you need other information from us.

 15:50:46 <ogra_> micahg, thats why i was assuming this :)

 15:51:15 <skaet> ok,  any one have any worrisome bugs that are blockers for beta 2 that they know about?

 15:51:44 <Laney> what's this compix/nux API/ABI break business?

 15:51:55 <skaet> popey, ^ ?

 15:51:59 <didrocks> Laney: it's already in quantal

 15:52:00 <ogra_> and was it tested on arm this time ? :)

 15:52:06 <didrocks> Laney: I think popey is off by a day

 15:52:11 <mdeslaur> LP: #1049088 worries me

 15:52:18 <Laney> oh, the last stack?

 15:52:21 <Laney> that's fine then

 15:52:21 <didrocks> yep

 15:52:27 <popey> oops

 15:52:39 <skaet> bug 1049088

 15:52:41 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1049088 in linux (Ubuntu Quantal) "Unity crashes at login with nouveau driver" [Medium,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1049088

 15:53:41 <skaet> ogasawara, ^ are we likely to get a fix for Beta 2?

 15:55:03 <skaet> hmm... not around.    Thanks mdeslaur,  will add it to the pad of candidates.

 15:55:10 <mdeslaur> thanks

 15:55:13 <skaet> anyone else?

 15:55:18 <plars> skaet: amd64+mac installs are not good at the moment if you have a usb attached keyboard, due to bug #1050855 and bug #1050436

 15:55:20 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1050855 in linux (Ubuntu) "External USB keyboard stops working when d-i starts on mac mini" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1050855

 15:55:21 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1050436 in grub2 (Ubuntu) "USB keyboard is not recognized on mac mini during the grub menu" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1050436

 15:55:53 <ogra_> plars, could that be your kbd ? given you have the same issues on arm ?

 15:55:56 <ogra_> :)

 15:56:06 <plars> ogra_: no, I don't see it actually

 15:56:32 <plars> ogra_: the only mac I have to test on is a macbook, and doesn't seem to be affective, but psivaa gets this on his system

 15:56:41 <ogra_> ah, k

 15:56:48 <skaet> plars,  ok,  will add both of those as well,  and follow up after the meeting with ogasawara and cjwatson.

 15:56:53 <plars> ogra_: and on the arm one, I've tried 3 different keyboards :)

 15:56:56 <ogra_> i was hoping there is a coincident across arches :)

 15:57:10 <skaet> ..

 15:57:19 <skaet> going 1

 15:57:23 <skaet> 2

 15:57:28 <skaet> 3

 15:57:35 <skaet> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)