#title #ubuntu-meeting Meeting

Meeting started by jdstrand at 18:05:31 UTC.  The full logs are
available at
http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2012/ubuntu-meeting.2012-06-25-18.05.log.html
.



== Meeting summary ==

''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting   (jdstrand, 18:05:36)
 *Weekly stand-up report

 *Highlighted packages
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/libdbd-pg-perl.html   (jdstrand, 18:16:38)
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/net6.html   (jdstrand, 18:16:42)
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/boost1.42.html   (jdstrand, 18:16:45)
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/libsmi.html   (jdstrand, 18:16:48)
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/xymon.html   (jdstrand, 18:16:51)

 *Miscellaneous and Questions



Meeting ended at 18:20:20 UTC.



== Votes ==




== Action items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * jdstrand (29)
 * tyhicks (6)
 * sbeattie (5)
 * jjohansen (5)
 * micahg (3)
 * meetingology (3)
 * ubottu (1)



== Full Log ==


 18:05:31 <jdstrand> #startmeeting

 18:05:31 <meetingology> Meeting started Mon Jun 25 18:05:31 2012 UTC.  The chair is jdstrand. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 18:05:31 <meetingology> 

 18:05:31 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 18:05:35 <jdstrand> The meeting agenda can be found at:

 18:05:36 <jdstrand> [LINK] https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting

 18:06:03 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Weekly stand-up report

 18:06:06 <jdstrand> I'll go first

 18:06:24 <jdstrand> I've got a short week this week (working today and friday)

 18:06:32 <jdstrand> I'm on community

 18:06:46 <jdstrand> I've got libreoffice/oo.o that I am going to try to push out today

 18:07:01 <jdstrand> I've also got patch piloting this week

 18:07:12 <jdstrand> and I'm working on an embargoed issue

 18:08:08 <jdstrand> mdeslaur is off today, but he is in the happy place and I know he is working on several updates

 18:08:11 <jdstrand> sbc: you're up

 18:08:14 <jdstrand> meh

 18:08:16 <sbeattie> hehe

 18:08:19 <jdstrand> sbeattie: you're up

 18:08:30 <jdstrand> sbc: nm

 18:08:30 <sbeattie> I'm in the happy place this week.

 18:08:58 <sbeattie> I'm fighting with openjdk, trying to backport to older releases.

 18:09:21 <sbeattie> Otherwise, I'll try to pick up other work items.

 18:09:36 <sbeattie> that's it for me; micahg, you're up

 18:10:54 <micahg> sbeattie: I'm finishing up with Thunderbird 13.0.1 (natty) along with a unity-2d update to fix an issue with that, then there's the thunderbird langpack regression that I'll finally fix this week, then webkit all the way aside from helping sbeattie test the openjdk browser plugin when he finishes the backport (fixes a regression for me)

 18:11:04 <micahg> sbeattie: sorry, didn't mean for the highlight :)

 18:11:24 <micahg> and that's it I think

 18:11:47 <tyhicks> I'm in the triage role this week

 18:12:31 <tyhicks> The pidgin update I had been working on a couple weeks ago had been put on the back burner. I'm actively working it again. Should go out in the early part of this week.

 18:13:06 <tyhicks> micahg and I will meet after this meeting to discuss ff/tbird testing. I'll likely have some testing to do as the result of that talk.

 18:13:13 <tyhicks> I've still got merges to do

 18:13:21 <tyhicks> That should keep me busy for this week

 18:13:29 <tyhicks> jjohansen: you're up

 18:13:57 <jjohansen> I've got a short week too (off wed, thurs)

 18:13:57 <jjohansen> I've still got to finish up on debian bug 676515, my last patch was oopsing

 18:13:59 <ubottu> Debian bug 676515 in linux-2.6 "linux-2.6: AppArmor totally broken" [Normal,Open] http://bugs.debian.org/676515

 18:14:41 <jjohansen> other than that, /me is still trying to get an alpha 1 apparmor out with stacking

 18:15:28 <jjohansen> I don't think that will happen this week now, but /me will be working towards that

 18:16:11 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Highlighted packages

 18:16:12 <jjohansen> that is it for /me jdstrand back to you

 18:16:17 <jdstrand> hehe

 18:16:22 * jdstrand guessed that was the case

 18:16:28 <jdstrand> The Ubuntu Security team will highlight some community-supported packages that might be good candidates for updating and or triaging. If you would like to help Ubuntu and not sure where to start, this is a great way to do so.

 18:16:32 <jdstrand> See https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/UpdateProcedures for details and if you have any questions, feel free to ask in #ubuntu-security. To find out other ways of helping out, please see https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/GettingInvolved.

 18:16:38 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/libdbd-pg-perl.html

 18:16:42 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/net6.html

 18:16:45 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/boost1.42.html

 18:16:48 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/libsmi.html

 18:16:51 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/xymon.html

 18:16:59 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Miscellaneous and Questions

 18:17:21 <jdstrand> There are a lot of merge opportunities for packages listed in http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/d2u/. Performing these updates is a great way to help Ubuntu and bolster your developer application.

 18:17:39 <jdstrand> Does anyone have any other questions or items to discuss?

 18:20:20 <jdstrand> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)