#title #ubuntu-meeting: Technical Board

Meeting started by mdz at 20:58:26 UTC.  The full logs are available at
http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2012/ubuntu-meeting.2012-01-09-20.58.log.html
.



== Meeting summary ==

 *Action review
''ACTION:'' kees to perform brainstorm review  (mdz, 21:00:36)

 *Xubuntu LTS Application (knome)
''LINK:'' https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/technical-board/2012-January/001160.html   (mdz, 21:02:32)
''LINK:'' https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/technical-board/2012-January/001160.html   (mdz, 21:02:38)
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~stgraber/package_sets/precise/xubuntu   (mdz, 21:05:18)
''LINK:'' http://paste.ubuntu.com/798657/   (stgraber, 21:06:33)
''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/RecognizedDerivatives doesn't require moving everything to main, so I'm a bit wary of setting that precedent since I know the review process entails a fair amount of work  (cjwatson, 21:08:40)

 *ARB: Allow for files outside of /opt/extras.ubuntu.com/<source>/ as long as they are prefixed by "extras-<source>_". This is mostly to fix Unity lenses, the ARB will still require any data and binary to be in /opt/extras.ubuntu.com/<source>/. An example would be (for package abc): /usr/share/unity/lenses/music/extras-abc_abcmusicstore.scope (stgraber)

 *ARB: Allow for files outside of /opt/extras.ubuntu.com/<source>/ as long as they are prefixed by "extras-<source>_".

 *Kubuntu LTS Application (ScottK)
''LINK:'' https://wiki.kubuntu.org/Kubuntu/12.04/LTS-Proposal   (mdz, 21:38:03)
''LINK:'' http://paste.ubuntu.com/798698/ looks very incomplete  (pitti, 21:49:10)

 *Edubuntu LTS Application (stgraber)
''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/Edubuntu/12.04/LTS-Proposal   (stgraber, 21:54:02)
''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/Edubuntu/12.04/LTS-Proposal   (mdz, 21:54:23)



Meeting ended at 22:04:33 UTC.



== Votes ==


 * https://wiki.ubuntu.com/Edubuntu/12.04/LTS-Proposal
   For: 5 Against: 0 Abstained: 1

 * Xubuntu LTS 3-year designation
   For: 3 Against: 0 Abstained: 2

 * https://wiki.kubuntu.org/Kubuntu/12.04/LTS-Proposal
   For: 6 Against: 0 Abstained: 0



== Action items ==

 * kees to perform brainstorm review



== Action items, by person ==

 * kees
 ** kees to perform brainstorm review



== People present (lines said) ==

 * mdz (84)
 * cjwatson (54)
 * pitti (54)
 * stgraber (40)
 * meetingology (37)
 * knome (23)
 * micahg (21)
 * soren (20)
 * Riddell (12)
 * kees (9)
 * ScottK (8)
 * charlie-tca (6)
 * ajmitch (3)
 * ubottu (1)
 * debfx (1)
 * cyphermox (1)
 * fabo (1)



== Full Log ==


 20:58:26 <mdz> #startmeeting Technical Board

 20:58:26 <meetingology> Meeting started Mon Jan  9 20:58:26 2012 UTC.  The chair is mdz. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/AlanBell/mootbot.

 20:58:26 <meetingology> 

 20:58:26 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 20:58:53 * stgraber waves

 20:58:57 <cyphermox> o/

 20:59:18 <cjwatson> here

 20:59:28 <mdz> #topic Action review

 20:59:31 <mdz> * pitti: document brainstorm review activity → carried over

 20:59:32 <mdz> * kees: perform brainstorm review → carried

 20:59:43 <pitti> documentation is done

 21:00:06 <kees> \o

 21:00:10 <soren> o/

 21:00:20 <kees> yeah, holiday distracted me about the brainstorm review :(

 21:00:36 <mdz> #action kees to perform brainstorm review

 21:00:36 * meetingology kees to perform brainstorm review

 21:00:50 <mdz> #topic Xubuntu LTS Application (knome)

 21:01:27 <mdz> knome doesn't seem to be around

 21:01:47 <pitti> he sent a mail today

 21:02:09 <knome> hey

 21:02:14 <pitti> that would need a list of supported packages, I think

 21:02:17 <pitti> oh, hello knome!

 21:02:32 <mdz> https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/technical-board/2012-January/001160.html

 21:02:38 <mdz> #link https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/technical-board/2012-January/001160.html

 21:02:38 <stgraber> mdz: re-added Edubuntu after Kubuntu to the agenda. We haven't voted on it yet as Edubuntu's LTS status depends on Kubuntu's

 21:02:39 <pitti> as Xubuntu is built out of universe, it's not immediately clear which packages in it are security sensitive

 21:03:05 <mdz> pasting here since it's short:

 21:03:06 <mdz> the Xubuntu team has put together an LTS plan proposal for the TB to

 21:03:06 <mdz> review, and it is as follows:

 21:03:06 <mdz> * 3-year LTS cycles

 21:03:06 <mdz> * Milestone image testing i386/amd64 (including point release updates

 21:03:06 <mdz> post release)

 21:03:08 <mdz> * Best effort High/Critical bug fixes

 21:03:10 <mdz> * Best effort security fixes for Xfce related packages

 21:03:46 <mdz> knome, is there a list of 'Xfce related packages'?

 21:04:14 <knome> no, not yet at least afaik

 21:04:18 <micahg> xubuntu has a packageset: http://people.canonical.com/~stgraber/package_sets/precise/xubuntu

 21:04:28 <pitti> most desktop-ish packages are probably fairly harmless, but I wonder if there are some libraries which touch/parse HTML or other network data

 21:04:44 <knome> tbh, micahg will know about this 10 better than me :)

 21:04:55 <ScottK> What web browser does Xubuntu use by default?

 21:05:06 <knome> firefox at the moment

 21:05:15 <knome> and thunderbird as mail client

 21:05:18 <mdz> #link http://people.canonical.com/~stgraber/package_sets/precise/xubuntu

 21:05:19 <ScottK> That would certainly help with security support.

 21:05:32 <knome> yeah, and micahg is active in both communities ;)

 21:05:37 <mdz> (does #link not work, or is it just silent?)

 21:05:40 <pitti> pidgin stands out as a security-heavy package

 21:05:43 <knome> mdz, it's silent :)

 21:05:43 <micahg> I'm not sure if it's feasible to commit to the entire packageset though

 21:05:56 <micahg> pidgin is supported by the security team as it's in main

 21:06:33 <stgraber> http://paste.ubuntu.com/798657/

 21:06:44 <stgraber> that's the list of source packages in Xubuntu that aren't supported in Ubuntu

 21:06:48 <stgraber> (based on germinate output)

 21:06:54 <pitti> hm, I don't think that's really intended; sounds like we forgot to unseed it since we switched to empathy

 21:07:00 <micahg> stgraber: that should be the xubuntu packageset :)

 21:07:03 <mdz> if these packages are going to receive bug fixes and security updates, is it appropriate to move them into main?

 21:07:27 <micahg> oh, but it's not...

 21:07:37 <mdz> that would make things simpler

 21:07:45 <micahg> mdz: no, it wouldn't

 21:07:48 <stgraber> micahg: hehe, yeah, that doesn't always work ;)

 21:08:13 <pitti> telepathy-haze -> b-deps libpurple-dev

 21:08:16 <knome> i suppose "xfce related packages" mostly are meant to mean xfce4-* and thunar-*, maybe tumbler, ristretto, leafpad, gtk2-engines-xfce, garcon <- micahg, am i right?

 21:08:22 <knome> parole

 21:08:26 <knome> orage

 21:08:32 <knome> libxfce*

 21:08:40 <cjwatson> https://wiki.ubuntu.com/RecognizedDerivatives doesn't require moving everything to main, so I'm a bit wary of setting that precedent since I know the review process entails a fair amount of work

 21:08:42 <knome> gigolo

 21:09:11 <mdz> how about a Supported: header in Packages?

 21:09:32 <cjwatson> that's not too hard

 21:09:43 <micahg> yeah, I checked the xfce specific packages and they had pretty few CVEs, I'm not sure about the rest, I guess I'd want to check before committing to those packages

 21:09:50 <cjwatson> harder than it ought to be, but not desperately bad

 21:10:32 <mdz> so is the question whether or not it's OK to label Xubuntu an LTS given this level of maintenance?

 21:10:47 <cjwatson> (http://bazaar.launchpad.net/+branch/launchpad/files/head:/cronscripts/publishing/maintenance-check.py I think; can't check as it's timing out ...)

 21:11:02 <pitti> mdz: we have had these for a long time already?

 21:11:11 <mdz> pitti, I mean for the Xubuntu packages

 21:11:20 <mdz> so that it's clear to end users what's what

 21:11:30 <cjwatson> Any TB decision regarding flavour support lifetime should be accompanied by an LP branch publishing that change in LP

 21:11:57 <cjwatson> or followed by, anyway

 21:12:23 <cjwatson> knome: How many active developers do you currently have?

 21:12:45 <knome> cjwatson, that depends on how you count it, but i'd say 1-3...

 21:13:03 <knome> cjwatson, but 1 is how we've maintained xubuntu for the past i can't remember how many releases

 21:13:03 <cjwatson> My main concern with any flavour is essentially whether they'll actually be able to sustain the support lifetime in question

 21:13:10 <micahg> 2 active with upload rights AFAIK, myself and mr_pouit

 21:13:58 <cjwatson> Supporting stable releases takes a fair amount of time over and above supporting ongoing development; depending on how much turnover you have in your software stack it doesn't necessarily parallelise well

 21:13:58 <knome> cjwatson, the plan has been discussed in the community and we decided/come to the conclusion this is what we can do

 21:14:02 <charlie-tca> I would add that Xubuntu has supported both 8.04 and 10.04 as LTS releases, with three year lifetimes

 21:14:04 <mdz> cjwatson, I don't know what assurance we can ask for other than that they solemnly swear it :-)

 21:14:18 <cjwatson> Right, but the TB is supposed to do *some* kind of check :)

 21:14:30 <cjwatson> What kind of SRU throughput do you have at the moment?

 21:15:10 <knome> is it a good argument/assurance if we've did it with less resources for two releases already? :)

 21:15:25 <knome> micahg is the one to answer that ^

 21:15:26 <cjwatson> mdz: I realise it's hard to predict the future; I just want to make sure we don't end up in a situation where we advertise n-year support for lots of flavours in a fit of enthusiasm and then don't make it

 21:15:56 <cjwatson> charlie-tca: What do you mean by that?  Do you mean that you (plural) were continuing to publish SRUs for three years from date of release?

 21:15:57 <pitti> LTS support in practice mostly means "security updates" and perhaps a point release, right? Or do you actually plan to backport hardware support, etc?

 21:15:58 <mdz> cjwatson, do we need to differentiate somehow between Canonical-backed LTS and community-backed LTS?

 21:16:15 <charlie-tca> cjwatson: yes

 21:16:16 <micahg> mr_pouit has done 5 SRUs since oneiric's release

 21:16:20 <cjwatson> mdz: On the whole I would prefer not to as a matter of principle, although there's the elephant in the room of security support

 21:17:10 <micahg> the reason why we think it's feasible as Xfce generally only has a handful of CVEs every couple of years

 21:17:20 <micahg> s/as/is/

 21:18:03 <charlie-tca> I don't think we would be doing hardware backports, but security updates, SRU's, and point releases

 21:18:09 * pitti checks abiword history -- doesn't have too many past CVEs

 21:18:37 <kees> I don't think there's been much research lately on abiword -- most efforts moved to OOo

 21:18:38 <micahg> I'm not sure about the rest of the packages in the packageset, I would have to check on those

 21:19:01 <cjwatson> damn, I need a way to count SRUs by package set :-)

 21:19:07 <mdz> cjwatson, I think there's a qualitative difference between the two. an organizational commitment generally stands even if the individuals involved were to disappear

 21:19:15 <micahg> cjwatson: I just did it by name :)_

 21:19:56 <mdz> but I don't feel that strongly about it

 21:19:56 <cjwatson> mdz: OTOH individuals often retain enthusiasm when companies decide for political reasons to move on, so it's swings and roundabouts I think

 21:20:30 <mdz> cjwatson, that would be interesting data - SRUs by package set

 21:20:59 <mdz> do we have enough information on the table to make a decision about Xubuntu now?

 21:21:11 <soren> Just one thing:

 21:21:31 <soren> Maybe it's been answered already, but: What's the motivation?

 21:22:09 <knome> to keep xubuntu supported for 3 years?

 21:22:11 <soren> Has there been a lot of demand for it from the user community?

 21:22:12 <soren> Yes.

 21:22:23 <pitti> so, for me the packages that stand out are pidgin, abiword, xchat; nontrivial, but on the whole seems manageable; but I still wonder if there is a lot of actual demand for it?

 21:22:33 <soren> Or is it simply to be a serious alternative to the "bigger" flavours?

 21:22:48 <cjwatson> I think I am reasonably convinced that Xubuntu has a credible history of being a responsible part of the development community and caring about updates as much as many others, at least from my own impressions and the extremely unscientific data samplings I've been able to do

 21:22:49 <soren> ...or something entirely different?

 21:22:57 <charlie-tca> Not having a need for users to download and install 300-500 updates two years down the road because as non-LTS designated, you do not get a point release

 21:23:44 <soren> charlie-tca: Is that the key factor or just one in many?

 21:23:49 <charlie-tca> one

 21:23:51 <soren> Ok.

 21:24:13 <charlie-tca> but a serious one, since users are sometimes downloading as much in updates as the original cd

 21:24:28 <knome> that too, and tbh, the non-lts releases have been stable too, so it's not a huge push to go for a longer supported lts too, and we really want to do that

 21:24:38 <soren> It probably won't change my vote or anything, I'm just curious what the motivation is.

 21:24:41 <soren> Ok.

 21:24:47 <soren> That's cool.

 21:24:56 <cjwatson> Xubuntu hasn't generally been one for going in for horrifically unstable wobbly software stacks either IME

 21:25:02 <knome> it's just logical to go that way really, as we've always done it and it haven't been a problem

 21:25:02 <mdz> we have other topics to get to: ready to vote?

 21:25:02 <cjwatson> which should help ...

 21:25:22 <soren> I'm ready to vote.

 21:25:25 <cjwatson> aol

 21:25:27 <stgraber> I'm ready too

 21:25:32 <pitti> yeah, it was worse when it was still using hal a year or so ago, now it should be relatively robust

 21:25:58 <knome> pitti, not all things in the world can we fix ;)

 21:26:01 <mdz> #voters cjwatson pitti stgraber mdz kees soren

 21:26:01 <meetingology> Current voters: cjwatson kees mdz pitti soren stgraber

 21:26:15 <mdz> #vote Xubuntu LTS 3-year designation

 21:26:15 <meetingology> Please vote on: Xubuntu LTS 3-year designation

 21:26:15 <meetingology> Public votes can be registered by saying +1, +0 or -1 in channel, (private votes don't work yet, but when they do it will be by messaging the channel followed by +1/-1/+0 to me)

 21:26:35 <soren> mdz: Cool, I didn't know about that feature.

 21:26:37 <soren> +1

 21:26:37 <meetingology> +1 received from soren

 21:26:40 <mdz> +1

 21:26:40 <meetingology> +1 received from mdz

 21:26:43 <pitti> +0

 21:26:43 <meetingology> +0 received from pitti

 21:26:46 <stgraber> +0

 21:26:46 <meetingology> +0 received from stgraber

 21:26:55 <cjwatson> +1 - it sounds feasible and I think I'm convinced of the Xubuntu team's ability to deliver

 21:26:55 <meetingology> +1 - it sounds feasible and I think I'm convinced of the Xubuntu team's ability to deliver received from cjwatson

 21:27:28 * mdz prods kees

 21:27:35 <cjwatson> (And there's been a lot of buzz about Xubuntu lately, especially from people who dislike Unity; I'd like to encourage them to stay within the fold ...)

 21:28:20 <stgraber> for the record, the +0 was because of the somewhat limited set of people dealing with uploads when supporting a different desktop. I'd really love to see more people contributing to packaging and SRUs for Xubuntu

 21:28:42 <micahg> stgraber: so would I :)

 21:28:50 <knome> stgraber, we love you so much as you're willing to help us

 21:28:58 <mdz> I'm going to assume kees got disconnected or something

 21:28:59 <mdz> #endvote

 21:28:59 <meetingology> Voting ended on: Xubuntu LTS 3-year designation

 21:28:59 <meetingology> Votes for:3 Votes against:0 Abstentions:2

 21:28:59 <meetingology> Motion carried

 21:29:21 <mdz> #topic ARB: Allow for files outside of /opt/extras.ubuntu.com/<source>/ as long as they are prefixed by "extras-<source>_". This is mostly to fix Unity lenses, the ARB will still require any data and binary to be in /opt/extras.ubuntu.com/<source>/. An example would be (for package abc): /usr/share/unity/lenses/music/extras-abc_abcmusicstore.scope (stgraber)

 21:29:33 <knome> thanks!

 21:29:38 <mdz> #topic ARB: Allow for files outside of /opt/extras.ubuntu.com/<source>/ as long as they are prefixed by "extras-<source>_".

 21:29:47 <stgraber> oh, my topic :)

 21:29:51 <mdz> stgraber, yep :-)

 21:29:58 <ajmitch> great :)

 21:30:02 <stgraber> so basically, the ARB has received some Unity lenses to review

 21:30:18 <stgraber> these like desktop apps need some kind of reference outside of /opt

 21:30:50 <stgraber> in order to provide a generic way for the ARB to provide these, I'm proposing that extras-<source name>_ prefix so we avoid potential path conflicts

 21:30:50 <cjwatson> This kind of reminds me of the various things in the LSB (I think) that have namespaced files in various places for when it isn't practical to have a separate hierarchy

 21:30:54 <mdz> what do they need specifically?

 21:31:01 <stgraber> as much as possible would remain in /opt/extras.u.c/<source>

 21:31:17 <mdz> is it not practical for unity to look for lenses in /opt?

 21:31:20 <cjwatson> I think the principle is reasonable but I think it should be up to the Unity people to define the namespace of the files in their directory

 21:31:28 <cjwatson> And not to the ARB to pick one

 21:31:41 <stgraber> no, because you'd need gobbing for /opt/extras.ubuntu.com/*/usr/share/unity/*/

 21:31:53 <pitti> in general, prefixing files with extra_<src>_ looks like a reasonable way to me to limit the chance of file collisions

 21:32:19 <stgraber> and we'd need to SRU that change to supported release (at least 11.10) which could still be considered a new feature

 21:32:24 <cjwatson> And then it would be fine to say something like "packages under the purview of the ARB can have files outside /opt where specific policy allows for namespacing to avoid collisions"

 21:32:28 <cjwatson> IMHO

 21:32:32 <pitti> the globbing shouldn't actually be that expensive, though

 21:32:51 <mdz> cjwatson, +1

 21:32:55 <cjwatson> That is a particularly irritating type of thing to have to glob ...

 21:33:02 <stgraber> cjwatson: I'd be fine with that, sure

 21:33:05 <pitti> but I'm even inclined to say that we shold modify the existing policy to prefix *.desktop files in /usr, too

 21:33:10 <cjwatson> I mean if you look at the syscalls involved

 21:33:28 <stgraber> pitti: agreed

 21:33:48 <pitti> I'm fine with prefixing the lens descriptions, though (I guess the actual code would live in /opt)

 21:33:58 <mdz> cjwatson, it doesn't sound too bad to me, but namespacing outside of opt is certainly simpler

 21:34:33 <stgraber> yes, only the lense file would be in /usr, everything else would be in /opt. We just need to confirm with the DX guys what's the easiest, a prefix or a sub-directory (if they scan sub-directories), ...

 21:35:55 <cjwatson> mdz: I'm thinking of this as something that might apply to things other than lenses, and trying to keep down the number of moderately expensive lookups across the system - I agree it probably wouldn't have a huge impact in just one case but this feels like a precedent

 21:36:02 <mdz> stgraber, sounds like a consensus

 21:36:07 <mdz> good enough?

 21:36:12 <stgraber> yep

 21:36:36 <pitti> right, and prefixing with extras_src_ seems like a general enough principle for this, unless of course the file name is user visible

 21:36:53 <mdz> #topic Kubuntu LTS Application (ScottK)

 21:36:54 <ajmitch> how much patching of packages do you think this'd introduce?

 21:37:01 <mdz> oh, sorry ajmitch

 21:37:04 <pitti> e. g. we wouldn't name LibO document templates like that

 21:37:23 <ScottK> Hello.

 21:37:30 <ScottK> This should really be Riddell.

 21:38:02 <Riddell> waiting for previous to finish

 21:38:03 <mdz> #link https://wiki.kubuntu.org/Kubuntu/12.04/LTS-Proposal

 21:38:28 <Riddell> that's the proposal, we'd like to suggest Kubuntu is an LTS for 5 years

 21:38:46 <mdz> ajmitch, I imagine not much, only where the program in question can't accommodate the namespacing (restrictions on filenames eg)

 21:38:48 <pitti> I've got a question about Qtwebkit

 21:38:49 <stgraber> the initial motivation for this was Unity lenses, so for these I'll talk to DX to see how we want to do it, for other similar cases, the ARB will deal with it case by case and if something weird shows up and we aren't sure how to deal with, we'll come back to the TB

 21:38:55 <Riddell> we're a supported product of canonical, have a strong comminity and it's in a good place for upstreams

 21:39:16 * Riddell waits

 21:39:40 <cjwatson> stgraber: sounds good

 21:39:42 * ajmitch thinks we're done with the ARB topic now, sorry :)

 21:39:43 <pitti> stgraber: dbus activation *.service ? (related to lenses)

 21:40:49 <stgraber> pitti: right, these will need to use that exception too, though we'll be extremely careful with anything touching dbus because of potential path conflict on the dbus path

 21:41:26 <mdz> Riddell, what is upstream's plan for ongoing maintenance of Qt and KDE during this time?

 21:41:42 <pitti> it seems to me that, similar to firefox, webkit would need a µrelease exception, and corresponding Qtwebkit updates

 21:41:57 <mdz> you mentioned both are going to see major new versions; does that mean that support for the current versions might be discontinued during the 5-year term?

 21:42:24 <micahg> pitti: that's true, but we have a problem in that qtwebkit usually only supports the last 2 QT stable releases (or maybe even 1)

 21:42:26 <pitti> do we have experience with API stability for those? i. e. can we build a three year old KDE browser against a current {,qt}webkit?

 21:42:28 <Riddell> mdz: formal support from upstreams is the same as always

 21:42:52 <Riddell> KDE is does patches for the master and last two releases and Qt does much the same

 21:43:08 <Riddell> of course qt is in ubuntu desktop so it's already 5 years supported

 21:43:09 <pitti> which is fine for most of the desktop, IMHO

 21:43:21 <pitti> (GNOME does even less)

 21:43:29 <mdz> Riddell, cool, thanks

 21:43:37 <kees> mdz: bleh, yeah, network back now. +1 from me, fwiw.

 21:43:47 <pitti> but we do need to find a solution for webkit for 5 years

 21:43:52 <Riddell> pitti: Qt has a policy of not changing API for the Qt 4 series

 21:44:19 <pitti> Riddell: ah, so while the webkit API might change, qtwebkit would "adapt" it to a stable API?

 21:44:57 <pitti> webkit is of course used by other (non-KDE) bits as well, so that will introduce some extra porting challenge (as we don't want to break other software in main using webkit)

 21:45:19 <Riddell> pitti: yes, it'll use Qt 4.8 in 12.04 and the API and ABI don't change

 21:46:12 <Riddell> Qt has a copy of webkit in its sources

 21:46:19 <micahg> qtwebkit and webkitgtk are 2 separate sources

 21:46:42 <pitti> e. g. software-center, rhythmbox, and ubiquity use webkit as well, so we might need to adapt them to new webkits (i. e. backport ports from the devel release)

 21:46:45 <cjwatson> and webkit is embedded in qtwebkit?

 21:47:11 <micahg> pitti: no, the plan with those is to stay on webkit 1.8 for the life of precise (we can discuss that later)

 21:47:23 <micahg> *webkitgtk

 21:47:54 <pitti> micahg: ah, we can? does it get supported for that long?

 21:47:57 <stgraber> same script as before gives me the following for kubuntu: http://paste.ubuntu.com/798698/

 21:48:10 <stgraber> which interestingly doesn't list qtwebkit

 21:48:11 <micahg> pitti: I'll be trying to build a conglomerate of people to support it

 21:48:25 <Riddell> note ubuntu one is going to be ported to pyqt I head so that means qtwebkit will be 5 years supported by virtue of ubuntu desktop anyway

 21:48:26 <stgraber> which would indicate something in Ubuntu brings something which brings qtwebkit into Ubuntu

 21:48:40 <Riddell> stgraber: no ubuntu desktop uses qt

 21:49:10 <pitti> http://paste.ubuntu.com/798698/ looks very incomplete

 21:49:17 <cjwatson> stgraber: depends whether you're using the output of something that follows build-depends, which would almost certainly pull in qtwebkit

 21:49:42 <cjwatson> you can't build Ubuntu desktop from scratch (e.g. new port) without building qtwebkit along the way

 21:49:49 <cjwatson> which is of course not the same as supporting it for users

 21:49:53 <pitti> Riddell: right, and webkit itself is, too (the qt binding around it is probably less of a security problem)

 21:50:20 <cjwatson> the same reason may account for other apparent incompleteness too

 21:50:24 <mdz> 10 minute warning

 21:50:42 <pitti> no other questions from me

 21:50:44 <mdz> Edubuntu is still up next

 21:51:05 <ScottK> I think it's also worth mentioning that we've had very good experiences with KDE updates post-release.  We've updated all of KDE twice for oneiric and I'm about to upload the third and last full release to oneiric-proposed.

 21:51:24 <ScottK> It seems like they're doing a good job on preventing regressions as they fix bugs.

 21:51:26 <debfx> pitti: afaik qtwebkit doesn't plan to release a new version for Qt 4 with an updated webkit

 21:51:31 <mdz> #vote https://wiki.kubuntu.org/Kubuntu/12.04/LTS-Proposal

 21:51:31 <meetingology> Please vote on: https://wiki.kubuntu.org/Kubuntu/12.04/LTS-Proposal

 21:51:31 <meetingology> Public votes can be registered by saying +1, +0 or -1 in channel, (private votes don't work yet, but when they do it will be by messaging the channel followed by +1/-1/+0 to me)

 21:51:45 <pitti> +1

 21:51:45 <meetingology> +1 received from pitti

 21:51:47 <mdz> +1 sounds workable to me

 21:51:47 <meetingology> +1 sounds workable to me received from mdz

 21:51:49 <kees> +1

 21:51:49 <meetingology> +1 received from kees

 21:51:50 <stgraber> cjwatson: that was using all+extra.sources, diffing ubuntu and kubuntu

 21:51:54 <stgraber> +1

 21:51:54 <meetingology> +1 received from stgraber

 21:51:59 <cjwatson> +1

 21:51:59 <meetingology> +1 received from cjwatson

 21:52:04 <cjwatson> stgraber: right, so as I said

 21:52:06 <cjwatson> (Oh boy.  mvo overhauled maintenance-check but it still needs non-trivial work to support different LTS lifetimes for different flavours.)

 21:52:31 <ScottK> Fortunately he's got a use case to work with then ...

 21:52:33 <mdz> soren, still here?

 21:52:40 <cjwatson> ScottK: I was just going to do it now(ish)

 21:52:55 <ScottK> ;-)

 21:52:56 <soren> Sorry, yes.

 21:52:58 <soren> +1

 21:52:58 <meetingology> +1 received from soren

 21:53:06 * micahg still has no idea who's supporting qtwebkit

 21:53:13 <soren> Real world, unmaskable interrupt :)

 21:53:13 <mdz> hmm, seems like if all #voters have voted, the vote should end itself

 21:53:16 <mdz> #endvote

 21:53:16 <meetingology> Voting ended on: https://wiki.kubuntu.org/Kubuntu/12.04/LTS-Proposal

 21:53:16 <meetingology> Votes for:6 Votes against:0 Abstentions:0

 21:53:16 <meetingology> Motion carried

 21:53:26 <mdz> #topic Edubuntu LTS Application (stgraber)

 21:53:27 <pitti> micahg: if webkit itself stays at 1.8, then the binding shouldn't actually need much maintenance?

 21:53:38 <stgraber> highvoltage: ^

 21:53:57 <pitti> micahg: I was mostly concerned by e. g. a MRE for webkit to be able to support it (like firefox), and then we'd need heavy bindings work

 21:54:02 <stgraber> https://wiki.ubuntu.com/Edubuntu/12.04/LTS-Proposal

 21:54:08 <micahg> pitti: webkitgtk and qtwebkit are built from two different sources, I have no idea if patches are portable

 21:54:19 <pitti> this was pre-discussed, and the requisite (Kubuntu LTS) is now ack'ed, so edubuntu looks fine for me

 21:54:23 <mdz> #link https://wiki.ubuntu.com/Edubuntu/12.04/LTS-Proposal

 21:54:28 <fabo> micahg: sometime they are, not always

 21:54:38 <stgraber> so basically we were waiting on Kubuntu's as Edubuntu is roughly Ubuntu + Kubuntu and then our educational packages

 21:54:55 <cjwatson> We were going to review the list of Edubuntu-specific sources too

 21:55:06 <cjwatson> arkose, what a surprise ;-)

 21:55:12 <cjwatson> (That isn't in Ubuntu yet?)

 21:55:18 <cjwatson> (I mean desktop)

 21:55:20 <stgraber> since last time we discussed, we've dropped our java dependency making the list much shorter

 21:55:23 <pitti> micahg: oh, it's not just a binding; I thought it was

 21:55:24 <mdz> package list: http://paste.ubuntu.com/798471/

 21:55:28 <cjwatson> calibre?

 21:55:32 <stgraber> cjwatson: nope, it's still in Universe, only Edubuntu ships it at this point

 21:55:39 <cjwatson> That doesn't have a stellar recent history

 21:55:42 <mdz> bdrung, it doesn't look like we'll get to your topic, I'm sorry

 21:55:52 <kees> vnc4?

 21:55:56 <pitti> calibre is primarily a matter of updating it for hw support

 21:56:08 <kees> and x11vnc?

 21:56:10 <pitti> as new reader models come into the world quickly

 21:56:21 <stgraber> kees: vnc4 and x11vnc both come because of epoptes, our classroom management tool

 21:56:40 <stgraber> we used to have iTalc shipping with bundled source of these two, thought it'd be better to switch to something actually using the tools

 21:56:45 <mdz> hmm, I  thought SDL was in main but I guess not

 21:57:07 <cjwatson> pitti: https://bugs.launchpad.net/calibre/+bug/885027

 21:57:09 <ubottu> Ubuntu bug 885027 in calibre "SUID Mount Helper has 5 Major Vulnerabilities" [Undecided,Fix released]

 21:57:09 <stgraber> the upstream for epoptes is an Edubuntu developer and uses LTS in production so will be doing LTS support for these

 21:57:20 <pitti> cjwatson: heh, never aplied to debian/ubuntu fortunately

 21:57:27 * kees nods

 21:57:38 <cjwatson> pitti: I know, the thread just isn't exactly encouraging though

 21:57:39 <pitti> this wrapper looked waaay to crackful to me to package it

 21:57:44 <pitti> yeah, righ

 21:57:45 <pitti> t

 21:58:07 <pitti> it does have a lot of recipes to scrape websites and build epubs, which is a potential threat vector

 21:58:27 <soren> mdz: libsdl1.2 is in main. QEmu uses it.

 21:58:44 <mdz> soren, ah, but -image and -mixer are in universe. got it.

 21:58:44 <pitti> for both the recipes and hw support releases generally become mostly useless after a few months

 21:58:49 <mdz> and -net

 21:59:04 <mdz> 1 minute warning

 21:59:15 <stgraber> pitti: is that something we can easily SRU or should we instead drop calibre to avoid getting a useless tool after a while?

 21:59:41 <stgraber> it seemed useful when we introduced it, but I'm not extremely attached to it (though I use it myself)

 21:59:55 <pitti> stgraber: the dependencies don't tend to change a lot, so in principle it's backportable; but the UI tends to change, so it's not a "classic" SRU

 21:59:57 <mdz> calibre will continue to work with lots of devices even if it isn't updated. the ebook reader world doesn't move THAT fast :-)

 22:00:22 <mdz> we're out of time

 22:00:25 <cjwatson> This sounds like there are bits and pieces but generally we're OK

 22:00:27 <pitti> stgraber: I don't know how well the recipes backport to old releases; hw support is rather intrusive, as the core code changes a lot

 22:00:36 <mdz> if we're not ready to make a decision on this, we should take further discussion to email

 22:00:38 <pitti> mdz: the recipes do, though

 22:00:44 <pitti> web sites change all the time

 22:00:52 <stgraber> I'm a Kindle owner, so you can expect Kindle support to be working, not sure for other devices, as long as hardware support doesn't regress, I'm not really worried

 22:00:55 <cjwatson> I'm ready to vote

 22:00:59 <mdz> pitti, oh, I don't use those

 22:01:02 * stgraber is ready too

 22:01:12 <mdz> #vote https://wiki.ubuntu.com/Edubuntu/12.04/LTS-Proposal

 22:01:12 <meetingology> Please vote on: https://wiki.ubuntu.com/Edubuntu/12.04/LTS-Proposal

 22:01:12 <meetingology> Public votes can be registered by saying +1, +0 or -1 in channel, (private votes don't work yet, but when they do it will be by messaging the channel followed by +1/-1/+0 to me)

 22:01:18 <stgraber> +1

 22:01:18 <meetingology> +1 received from stgraber

 22:01:20 <mdz> +0

 22:01:20 <meetingology> +0 received from mdz

 22:01:43 <pitti> +1 (with the caveat of some packages)

 22:01:43 <meetingology> +1 (with the caveat of some packages) received from pitti

 22:01:54 <cjwatson> +1 but I think it's worth examining calibre further

 22:01:54 <meetingology> +1 but I think it's worth examining calibre further received from cjwatson

 22:02:04 <kees> +1

 22:02:04 <meetingology> +1 received from kees

 22:02:07 <soren> +1

 22:02:07 <meetingology> +1 received from soren

 22:02:10 <mdz> #endvote

 22:02:10 <meetingology> Voting ended on: https://wiki.ubuntu.com/Edubuntu/12.04/LTS-Proposal

 22:02:10 <meetingology> Votes for:5 Votes against:0 Abstentions:1

 22:02:10 <meetingology> Motion carried

 22:02:10 <pitti> and VNC

 22:02:23 <mdz> who's chairing next?

 22:02:37 <mdz> I thought we were going by nick order, but pitti was before me

 22:02:43 <cjwatson> first name I think

 22:02:48 <cjwatson> which would be Soren then?

 22:02:56 <mdz> ah

 22:03:04 <mdz> soren, can you make it?

 22:03:11 <mdz> 23 Jan

 22:04:30 <mdz> I'll assume so

 22:04:33 <mdz> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/AlanBell/mootbot)