#title #ubuntu-meeting Meeting

Meeting started by skaet at 15:00:27 UTC.  The full logs are available
at
http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2012/ubuntu-meeting.2012-04-06-15.00.log.html
.



== Meeting summary ==

 *Release general overview - skaet
''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ReleaseTeam/Meeting/2012-04-06   (skaet, 15:01:25)
''LINK:'' https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-March/thread.html   (skaet, 15:01:26)

 *Comments, Question and Answer Session



Meeting ended at 15:44:45 UTC.



== Votes ==




== Action items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * skaet (99)
 * slangasek (16)
 * ogasawara (16)
 * dbarth (10)
 * ubottu (9)
 * gilir (5)
 * arosales (4)
 * fabo (4)
 * roadmr (4)
 * ScottK (4)
 * Cimi (3)
 * meetingology (3)
 * jibel (2)
 * jbicha (2)



== Full Log ==


 15:00:27 <skaet> #startmeeting

 15:00:27 <meetingology> Meeting started Fri Apr  6 15:00:27 2012 UTC.  The chair is skaet. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 15:00:27 <meetingology> 

 15:00:27 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 15:01:02 <arosales> Hello

 15:01:15 <jibel> hello ~o~

 15:01:25 <skaet> [TOPIC] Release general overview - skaet

 15:01:25 <skaet> Please remember to .. when you're done, and o/ if you want us to pause. :)

 15:01:25 <skaet> Agenda can be found:

 15:01:25 <skaet> #link https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ReleaseTeam/Meeting/2012-04-06

 15:01:25 <skaet> Individual team status links will be added to it from:

 15:01:26 <skaet> #link https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-March/thread.html

 15:01:28 <skaet> .

 15:01:30 <skaet> We're now in Beta 2 Freeze, and the archive is frozen, so all changes will need to be reviewed by the release team.   Changes to the unseeded universe can continue to go in, but changes to seeded packages will need review.

 15:01:35 <skaet> #ubuntu-release if questions, please.

 15:01:38 <skaet> .

 15:01:39 <skaet> Archive went back to being frozen yesterday.  -proposed should be used for uploads might cause archive skew, see:

 15:01:42 <skaet> .

 15:01:45 <skaet> Schedule is at:

 15:01:47 <skaet> #link https://wiki.ubuntu.com/PrecisePangolin/ReleaseSchedule

 15:01:48 <skaet> #link http://fridge.ubuntu.com/calendars/ubuntu-release-calendar/

 15:01:50 <skaet> .

 15:01:52 <skaet> Upcoming Dates:

 15:01:54 <skaet> � 2012/04/12 - Final Freeze at 2100 UTC

 15:01:56 <skaet> � 2012/04/19 - Release Candidate Images start

 15:01:59 <skaet> � 2012/04/24 - Unseeded Universe Final Freeze at 1200 UTC

 15:02:00 <skaet> � 2012/04/26 - Release

 15:02:04 <skaet> .

 15:02:07 <skaet> Bugs committed to be fixed by the engineering teams can be found:

 15:02:08 <skaet> #link http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/kernel-bugs/reports/rls-p-tracking-bugs.html

 15:02:10 <skaet> Bugs that you would like the engineering teams to consider for fixing, should be assigned to specific teams, so they can be found.

 15:02:13 <skaet> .

 15:02:15 <skaet> Individual Team Statuses Received by 1500 UTC:

 15:02:17 <skaet> Hardware Certification - https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-April/001081.html - brendand

 15:02:20 <skaet> Quality Assurance -  https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-April/001091.html - jibel

 15:02:23 <skaet> Security team  - https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-April/001095.html - mdeslaur

 15:02:26 <skaet> Kernel team - https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-April/001086.html - ogasawara

 15:02:28 <skaet> Foundations - https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-April/001084.html-  slangasek

 15:02:30 <skaet> Server - https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-April/001090.html -arosales

 15:02:34 <skaet> Linaro - https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-April/001094.html  - fabo

 15:02:37 <skaet> Ubuntu One - https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-April/001088.html-  joshuahoover

 15:02:38 <skaet> Desktop Team - https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-April/001092.html - seb128

 15:02:40 <skaet> Unity Framework Team - https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-April/001093.html - dbarth

 15:02:43 <skaet> Unity Services and Settings -https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-April/001096.html  - Cimi

 15:02:46 <skaet> Kubuntu - no update-  Riddell

 15:02:49 <skaet> Edubuntu -no update - stgraber or highvoltage

 15:02:50 <skaet> Xubuntu - https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-April/001098.html - astraljava

 15:02:52 <skaet> Ubuntu Studio - no update - scott-work

 15:02:54 <skaet> Lubuntu - https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-April/001097.html - gilir

 15:02:56 <skaet> Mythbuntu - no update - superm1

 15:02:58 <skaet> .

 15:03:00 <skaet> [TOPIC] Comments, Question and Answer Session

 15:03:13 <ogasawara> o/

 15:03:27 <skaet> ogasawara, go.

 15:03:29 <ogasawara> 2 things...

 15:03:32 <ogasawara> 1) I've responded to hw cert's meeting email with a status for their

 15:03:32 <ogasawara> blocking bugs.  Of the kernel bugs on the list, 88219 should be closed,

 15:03:32 <ogasawara> 918769 & 976023 are pending feedback from cert, 926136 still under investigation.

 15:03:48 <ogasawara> 2) As noted in my email, I'd like to coordinate with the release team the

 15:03:48 <ogasawara> best date to upload the kernel.  There does exist skew between the

 15:03:48 <ogasawara> kernel and gcc.  Even though there should be no impact with the gcc

 15:03:48 <ogasawara> changes, I'd rather err on the safe side and get us in sync.

 15:03:48 <ogasawara> Additionally, there are some last minute bug fixes (one of which I would deem

 15:03:49 <ogasawara> release critical) that I would like to see make the release.  I've

 15:03:50 <ogasawara> suggested a date of Tues April 10.  Thoughts?

 15:04:04 <ogasawara> ..

 15:04:19 <skaet> thanks ogasawara,  I'm not seeing brendand,  but will follow up.

 15:04:21 <roadmr> o/

 15:04:54 <skaet> upload of kernel on April 10 is a reasonable target.   Will bug:919281 and bug:751689 (criticals) be included with it?

 15:05:15 <ogasawara> bug 919281 will

 15:05:17 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 919281 in linux (Ubuntu Precise) "devmapper kernel modules missing from precise server cd" [Critical,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/919281

 15:05:56 <ogasawara> bug 751689 is still unresolved

 15:05:57 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 751689 in linux (Ubuntu Maverick) "ThinkPads overheat due to slow fans when on 'auto'" [Critical,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/751689

 15:06:19 <skaet> ogasawara,  thanks.

 15:06:30 <skaet> ..

 15:06:39 <skaet> roadmr, go.

 15:06:50 <roadmr> I'm here on behalf of brendand. We got ogasawara's email and will follow up on it (cert engineers have been advised to provide the requested feedback and we'll look at and close the bugs that need it).

 15:07:10 <roadmr> Also if there are more certification-related questions, I'm happy to answer them today. Thanks!

 15:07:13 <roadmr> ..

 15:07:23 <skaet> thanks roadmr.  :)

 15:07:58 <skaet> slangasek, seb128 - looks like we're at an impass with bug:966294.... fabo - does anyone on your team have gstreamer experience that can help with this before next tuesday?

 15:08:38 <fabo> skaet: I can ask to rob if he can help

 15:09:03 <skaet> thanks fabo.   please ask him to coordinate with slangasek.  :)

 15:09:41 <skaet> fabo,  for the powerVR SGX ARMHF driver review/approval - who is it blocking on?

 15:09:43 <fabo> skaet: I'm sending a mail to multimedia WG and cc Steve

 15:10:00 <skaet> fabo,   sounds good.

 15:10:06 <slangasek> fwiw I don't think we're going to make headway on that gstreamer bug before Tuesday regardless

 15:10:23 <fabo> skaet: last week, it was pending on infinity but my data could be outdated now.

 15:10:26 <slangasek> it does require access to reproducer hardware, not sure if I can find one of those again today

 15:10:40 <slangasek> fabo: pvr-omap4 was accepted into precise last night (per my followup mail)

 15:10:49 <slangasek> if there's anything else you're missing, please shout

 15:10:55 * skaet nods

 15:11:55 <fabo> slangasek: thanks!

 15:12:06 <skaet> .. (I'm thinking we're done on this topic.

 15:12:13 <skaet> o/

 15:12:27 <skaet> following up on what jibel says in his status,  http://iso.qa.ubuntu.com/qatracker/reports/defects/opened,  still has bugs with importance "Undecided" set from beta1 and beta2.   dbarth, slangasek, ogasawara, seb128 - can you please take a pass and make sure there are no high/critical bugs in that set?

 15:12:41 <jbicha> o/

 15:12:44 <ogasawara> skaet: ack

 15:12:49 <slangasek> skaet: ack

 15:13:47 <skaet> thanks ogasawara, slangasek.   I'll see if we can find some desktop and dx later.

 15:13:50 <skaet> jbicha go.

 15:14:15 <jbicha> I was just saying hi, I don't know if I'm needed for this week's meeting :)

 15:14:49 <skaet> anyone have any UIFes pending? .....  (and thanks for showing up jbicha)

 15:15:19 <gilir> skaet, I have one for the slideshow

 15:16:12 <skaet> jbicha,  am assumming there's no lubuntu in any of the shots you're caring about?

 15:17:12 <skaet> gilir,  mail out to the ubuntu-doc and ubuntu-translator list (if there are strings that might need translating) and let them know about it please.   Is there a bug number yet?

 15:17:14 <gilir> if it's too late, it can be dropped, it's not an essential one

 15:17:26 <gilir> bug 958880

 15:17:27 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 958880 in ubiquity-slideshow-ubuntu (Ubuntu) "[UIFe] Update of Lubuntu Slideshow for 12.04" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/958880

 15:18:03 <gilir> the 2 teams are already aware of the change (link on the bug report)

 15:18:43 <skaet> gilir, should probably be ok then.   Will review after meeting.

 15:18:59 <gilir> thanks :)

 15:19:44 <skaet> all,  Any FFe's still anticipated, or are we through with them now?

 15:20:28 <Cimi> fine on my side

 15:20:32 <skaet> :)

 15:21:12 <Cimi> of course congrats to whoever is on holiday but is still working for the passion for ubuntu :)

 15:21:12 <skaet> Glad to hear it,  sounds like we're likely going to be done for seeded universe FFes then for Precise :)

 15:21:18 * skaet crosses fingers

 15:21:56 <skaet> arosales, Daviey - are all the MIR requested packages seeded?

 15:23:17 * skaet is a bit concerned about them being considered under the Unseeded Universe reviews...

 15:23:37 <arosales> skaet: All the high priority ones are on the correct track, I believe

 15:23:51 <skaet> thanks arosales.  :)

 15:24:03 <skaet> ..

 15:24:07 <arosales> skaet: there are a fewer lower priorities ones that may not make, but are still on the list, such as ceph

 15:24:50 <arosales> ..

 15:25:26 * skaet looks around for other questions...

 15:25:56 <skaet> raise hand if you have any,  I'll continue until I see one.

 15:26:15 <skaet> release team members,  any concerns about the plan for the rest of the month in yesterday's email?

 15:26:57 <skaet> slangasek, ScottK, Daviey, ^ and anyone else around?

 15:27:17 <slangasek> no concerns from me

 15:27:35 <slangasek> provided that everyone is happy to commit to the proposed etherpad usage

 15:27:41 <ScottK> It's still more bureaucracy than I'd prefer, but I think it's reasonable.

 15:28:14 <skaet> thanks slangasek, ScottK.    ok,  lets see if we can make it work.  :)

 15:28:33 <skaet> ..

 15:28:39 <skaet> Any package fixes about to land over the holiday weekend that need to make sure go in ASAP?

 15:29:14 * skaet thanks all who are attending this meeting on Good Friday as well.   Much appreciated.

 15:29:24 <slangasek> there'll be an eglibc upload soon-ish fwiw

 15:29:26 <slangasek> with packaging fixes only

 15:29:50 <slangasek> (including whacking the last stale conffile on server upgrades, in jibel's report)

 15:30:07 <skaet> :)  goodness.   thanks for the background on that one.

 15:30:41 <slangasek> oh, it's not all packaging fixes, I should say

 15:30:52 <slangasek> there are some crasher bugs to be fixed as well, that were escalated to us by desktop

 15:31:12 <Cimi> skaet, :)

 15:31:20 * skaet nods

 15:31:40 <slangasek> skaet: bug #929219, for reference

 15:31:42 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 929219 in eglibc (Ubuntu Precise) "chromium-browser crashed with SIGSEGV in __nscd_get_mapping()" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/929219

 15:32:06 <skaet> thanks slangasek,   will keep an eye open for it on Saturday and Sunday then.

 15:32:41 <skaet> ScottK,  anything from the Kubuntu team about to land, or general updates?

 15:32:46 <slangasek> skaet: well, maybe check with infinity first if you have him in reach today, since it's subject to his timeline - I'm not committing him to working on it over the weekend, just giving you a heads-up that it may land :)

 15:33:07 <skaet> slangasek,  fair enough.  :)

 15:33:43 <ScottK> Hello

 15:34:09 <ScottK> For Kubuntu we landed Qt 4.8.1 and KDE SC 4.8.2.  Those are our last planned significant version updates.

 15:36:39 <skaet> ..?

 15:38:44 <skaet> ScottK,  slangasek - did discussion switch to ubuntu-release by accident?   should we go on?

 15:39:24 <slangasek> skaet: sorry, I was following up out-of-band with ScottK on a point I didn't think I needed to burden the group with :)

 15:39:47 <slangasek> ("my universe voip chat client acts funny with the new qt" is not a release-meeting-worthy issue)

 15:40:20 <skaet> ScottK,  you finished?   couldn't tell.

 15:41:00 * skaet assumes he is....

 15:41:01 <dbarth> o/

 15:41:07 <skaet> go ahead dbarth

 15:41:09 <dbarth> hey

 15:41:12 <dbarth> just to point out

 15:41:15 <dbarth> jibel: bugs #964749, #965677, #964112, #968846, #942836, #939745 are duplicates; the real ones are fixed now

 15:41:22 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 947278 in unity-2d (Ubuntu) "duplicate for #968846 unity-2d-shell crashed with SIGSEGV in ref()" [Critical,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/947278

 15:41:23 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 963633 in Unity Distro Priority "duplicate for #942836 Unity 5.8: Login to blank screen (all black or just wallpaper)" [Critical,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/963633

 15:41:24 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 963093 in Unity Distro Priority "duplicate for #965677 Unity 5.8: Flickering and corruption on Unity UI elements" [Critical,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/963093

 15:41:25 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 963470 in unity "duplicate for #964749 [regression] Unity 5.8+Compiz 0.9.7.2: Pressing Super+Tab or Super+W works, but unity does not respond to when Super is released." [High,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/963470

 15:41:26 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 953089 in unity (Ubuntu Precise) "duplicate for #964112 Unity 5.6: key bindings (such as Super) don't work on empty workspace or on slow/loaded systems" [High,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/953089

 15:41:41 <dbarth> which means that the high/critical on the list above should be fine now, with the 5.10.0 release that is being prepared for next week

 15:42:02 <skaet> thanks dbarth,  is ETA on monday or tuesday for it?

 15:42:19 <dbarth> tuesday i think, need to check with didrocks

 15:42:31 <dbarth> the freeze should be in effect by now

 15:42:44 <dbarth> unity trunk freeze, that is

 15:42:46 <dbarth> ..

 15:42:56 <skaet> dbarth,  thanks.

 15:43:11 <jibel> dbarth, k, there was a bug in the tracker with duplicates that I just fixed.

 15:43:34 <dbarth> ok

 15:43:40 <ScottK> skaet: Sorry.  In a conference and got distracted.

 15:43:54 <skaet> any one else have remaining questions for this week? ...

 15:44:41 <skaet> Thank you for your participation, roadmr, jibel, mdeslaur, slangasek, dbarth, arosales,  fabo, Cimi, ScottK, gilir, jbicha, ogasawara

 15:44:45 <skaet> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)