#title #ubuntu-meeting Meeting

Meeting started by skaet at 15:01:03 UTC.  The full logs are available
at
http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2012/ubuntu-meeting.2012-03-16-15.01.log.html
.



== Meeting summary ==

 *Release general overview - skaet
''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ReleaseTeam/Meeting/2012-03-16   (skaet, 15:02:41)

 *Question and Answer Session



Meeting ended at 15:41:10 UTC.



== Votes ==




== Action items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * skaet (90)
 * slangasek (15)
 * pitti (15)
 * ogra_ (11)
 * Daviey (9)
 * ScottK (9)
 * apw (8)
 * brendand (6)
 * fabo (5)
 * tumbleweed (4)
 * Riddell (4)
 * ubottu (4)
 * meetingology (3)
 * dbarth (2)
 * stgraber (2)
 * JackyAlcine (1)
 * mdeslaur (1)
 * jibel (1)



== Full Log ==


 15:01:03 <skaet> #startmeeting

 15:01:03 <meetingology> Meeting started Fri Mar 16 15:01:03 2012 UTC.  The chair is skaet. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 15:01:03 <meetingology> 

 15:01:03 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 15:01:03 * Daviey does a little dance o/

 15:01:39 <Riddell> hi

 15:02:29 * skaet is suffering paste failure into the window... sorry for the delay

 15:02:41 <skaet> [TOPIC] Release general overview - skaet

 15:02:41 <skaet> Please remember to .. when you're done, and o/ if you want us to pause. :)

 15:02:41 <skaet> Agenda can be found:

 15:02:41 <skaet> #link https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ReleaseTeam/Meeting/2012-03-16

 15:02:41 <skaet> Individual team status links will be added to it from:

 15:02:42 <skaet> #link https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-March/thread.html

 15:02:46 <skaet> .

 15:02:48 <skaet> Schedule is at:

 15:02:50 <skaet> #link https://wiki.ubuntu.com/PrecisePangolin/ReleaseSchedule

 15:02:52 <skaet> #link http://fridge.ubuntu.com/calendars/ubuntu-release-calendar/

 15:02:54 <skaet> .

 15:02:56 <skaet> Upcoming Dates:

 15:02:58 <skaet> � 2012/03/22 - Beta Freeze at 2100 UTC

 15:03:00 <skaet> � 2012/03/22 - DocumentationStringFreeze at 2100 UTC

 15:03:02 <skaet> � 2012/03/29 - Beta 2

 15:03:04 <skaet> .

 15:03:06 <skaet> Bugs committed to be fixed by the engineering teams can be found:

 15:03:08 <skaet> #link http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/kernel-bugs/reports/rls-p-tracking-bugs.html

 15:03:10 <skaet> Bugs that you would like the engineering teams to consider for fixing, should be assigned to specific teams, so they can be found.

 15:03:13 <skaet> .

 15:03:17 <skaet> Individual Team Statuses Received by 1500 UTC:

 15:03:19 <skaet> Hardware Certification -https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-March/000947.html - brendand

 15:03:22 <skaet> Quality Assurance - https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-March/000965.html  - jibel

 15:03:25 <skaet> Security team  - https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-March/000963.html - mdeslaur

 15:03:28 <skaet> Kernel team - https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-March/000945.html- apw

 15:03:30 <skaet> Foundations - https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-March/000949.html-  slangasek

 15:03:32 <skaet> Server -https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-March/000967.html - Daviey

 15:03:34 <skaet> Linaro - https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-March/000957.html - fabo

 15:03:36 <skaet> Ubuntu One - https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-March/000951.html -  joshuahoover

 15:03:39 <skaet> Desktop Team - https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-March/000958.html  - pitti

 15:03:41 <skaet> Unity Framework Team - no update received - dbarth

 15:03:43 <skaet> Unity Services and Settings -  https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-March/000962.html- Cimi

 15:03:48 <skaet> Kubuntu -https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-March/000961.html -  Riddell

 15:03:50 <skaet> Edubuntu - https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-March/000953.html- stgraber or highvoltage

 15:03:53 <skaet> Xubuntu - https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-March/000946.html - madnick or knome

 15:03:56 <skaet> Ubuntu Studio - https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-March/000966.html - scott-work (use mail)

 15:03:59 <skaet> Lubuntu  - https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2012-March/000952.html - gilir (use mail)

 15:04:02 <skaet> Mythbuntu - no update received - superm1

 15:04:04 <skaet> .

 15:04:06 <skaet> [TOPIC] Question and Answer Session

 15:04:08 <skaet> .

 15:04:10 <skaet> to get things started...

 15:04:12 <skaet> Anyone against moving the meeting from 1600 to 1500 UTC for the remainder of the DST period (summer basically)?   For the skew period, we'll have it at 1500 UTC at a minimum, so not to be too obnoxious to the Europeans

 15:04:17 <skaet> ?

 15:04:19 * skaet reminds folks to show hands now if they have questions, they can be queued up.  :)

 15:04:22 <ScottK> Fine with me.

 15:04:24 <pitti> +1 for 1500 UTC during summer

 15:04:25 <ScottK> \o

 15:04:37 <tumbleweed> doesn't affect me at all (we don't do DST)

 15:04:42 <brendand> -1 (clash with scrum)

 15:04:43 <mdeslaur> +1 1500UTC

 15:05:03 <Riddell> +1

 15:05:19 <stgraber> +1

 15:05:20 <apw> +0 makes little difference to me

 15:05:41 <skaet> brendand,  just during the transition skew or through entire period?

 15:05:50 <Daviey> +0 slightly harder for me, but not the end of the world.

 15:06:03 <slangasek> +0, dunno which cjwatson would prefer :)

 15:06:15 <brendand> skaet, having trouble doing the numbers in my head :P

 15:06:26 <brendand> skaet, i'll manage

 15:06:38 <skaet> brendand,  great.  thanks.

 15:06:48 <jibel> +1

 15:07:04 <skaet> ok,   I'll move it on the schedule going forward,   we'll go back to 1600 after the summer ends.

 15:07:34 <apw> skaet, i assume you mean "US summer" there

 15:07:35 <pitti> just FTR, mvoing to 1500 UTC should mean that the local time doesn't change at all

 15:07:45 <pitti> (since I noticed some people seem to have meeting conflcits)

 15:08:04 <skaet> ScottK,  go ahead now,  I've got a bunch of questions lined up,  but you had your hand up first.

 15:08:07 <skaet> :)

 15:08:09 <ScottK> I'd like to discuss last night's archive breakage,  bug 934593, and wouldn't this better just wait until next cycle given where libpython/python are on multiarch?

 15:08:10 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 934593 in python-defaults (Ubuntu) "python-all-dev, python-dev must be Arch: any for multiarch" [Low,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/934593

 15:08:12 <apw> pitti, in this two week period (each end) when the US moves before/after us there might be

 15:08:15 <ScottK> slangasek: ^^^

 15:08:34 <skaet> apw,  daylight savings time (europe + US)  over wider skew period.  ;)

 15:08:45 <pitti> I think this change would work if all buildds start building the package at the same time, but indeed it seems that it doesn't gain us much at this point?

 15:08:53 <ScottK> Given doko's comments on the bug, I'm not sure what the benefit is of this?

 15:08:58 <ScottK> pitti: I agree.

 15:09:07 <slangasek> ScottK: it was clearly a case for an FFe from my POV, the upload took me by surprise

 15:09:22 <slangasek> but the benefit is that it enables cross-installation of build-deps for a large swath of core packages

 15:09:33 <ScottK> Even with the libpython issue?

 15:09:52 <slangasek> I'm not sure

 15:10:19 <slangasek> but that's why it's *theoretically* worth pursuing an FFe for

 15:10:38 <ScottK> If the change is timed for when the bulidd's are idle, I think it's low risk, but the benefit ought to be sorted out before we try it again.

 15:10:53 <slangasek> agreed

 15:11:15 <ScottK> OK.  Would you please work with doko on sorting this out?

 15:11:26 <skaet> slangasek,  if things are quiet towards the end of the Beta2 - try then?  or before?

 15:11:30 <pitti> yes, that, or set one per arch on manual and do the build score bump dance

 15:12:37 <slangasek> ScottK, skaet: it won't be for at least another week; we have the installer sprint next week mon-wed, then doko is off thu-fri.  So we can look at it after beta-2

 15:12:49 <Daviey> So.. does it add enough benefit for release, or is it a distraction ?

 15:12:50 <slangasek> (or the week of beta-2 if someone thinks that's a good idea)

 15:13:22 <slangasek> having the core of Ubuntu cross-buildable is not a distraction for those who need Ubuntu cross-buildable

 15:13:35 <Daviey> slangasek: Can you state a use-case?

 15:13:41 <slangasek> but I'm not arguing per se for an exception - I need to talk to doko about this

 15:13:52 <Daviey> slangasek: The way it seems to me is that this allows people to build any packages in amd64, easier?

 15:13:57 <skaet> Daviey,  in particular it opens up some options for arm - linaro is cross building, btw.

 15:14:12 <Daviey> ahh

 15:14:20 <pitti> if you need me to do the buildd dance, can do; but I'm on a sick day on Monday, so better doing it Tuesday (or ask infinity to do the handholding)

 15:14:21 <Daviey> ok, i can see reasoning :)

 15:14:34 <slangasek> pitti: ack, thanks

 15:14:36 <Daviey> pitti: you pre-plan your sick days?

 15:14:49 <pitti> Daviey: getting my remaining two wisdom teeth pulled out, yes

 15:14:56 <Daviey> ah :)

 15:15:06 <pitti> I'll do stuff in the morning for sponsoring

 15:15:17 <pitti> so if you are up for an early (EU) morning buildd dance, can do :)

 15:15:26 <skaet> slangasek,  ok,  I'll ping you next week after your sprint.   let me know the FFe bug number when its opened,  so we can track this.

 15:15:59 <slangasek> skaet: I would expect the already-opened bug to be used for the FFe, bug #934593

 15:16:00 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 934593 in python-defaults (Ubuntu) "python-all-dev, python-dev must be Arch: any for multiarch" [Low,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/934593

 15:16:48 <skaet> slangasek,  ok - should probably be a different priority than is indicated, but we can clean it up, etc.

 15:17:25 <skaet> assuming .. on this topic now.

 15:17:39 <skaet> Jibel, is bug 950676 lucid->precise upgrade failure due to gir1.0->gir1.2 conflicts, the only remaining blocker you're aware of for us to start recommending people with lucid systems try the upgrade to 12.04?

 15:17:39 * skaet would like to be able to start to get wider feedback/testing on lucid -> precise upgrades with Beta 2.

 15:17:40 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 950676 in apt (Ubuntu Precise) "lucid->precise upgrade failure due to gir1.0->gir1.2 conflicts" [High,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/950676

 15:17:43 <stgraber> I'm also happy to help with the buildd dance, just ping me when needed

 15:17:50 <skaet> jibel, ^

 15:19:10 <skaet> ok,  while waiting for jibel,  a couple of other ones to ask... ;)

 15:19:23 <skaet> slangasek, https://bugs.launchpad.net/hw-labs/+bug/834731 is on Cert's list as a blocker,  is it on your radar for next week?

 15:19:24 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 834731 in debian-installer (Ubuntu) "Dell PowerEdge R810 fails to mount file system at /dev/sda1" [Medium,Incomplete]

 15:19:54 <pitti> skaet: there are some more upgrade bugs to shake out first

 15:20:00 <slangasek> skaet: no, and they've wiped the drive, it should be removed from the blocker list

 15:20:10 <skaet> brendand, ^

 15:20:36 <skaet> pitti,  thanks - is there a good summary somewhere?

 15:20:45 <brendand> skaet, i think we'll remove the tag soon

 15:20:48 <pitti> skaet: jibel's mail report summarized it quite well

 15:20:51 <slangasek> they applied my suggested workaround, but without capturing the debug information we needed to be able to fix it

 15:20:53 <brendand> skaet, that system boots fine now

 15:21:03 <pitti> skaet: how about https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+bugs?field.tag=lucid2precise ?

 15:21:24 * skaet hugs pitti - didn't know about that tag.  :D

 15:21:51 <skaet> yup, that will work.  thanks

 15:21:57 <pitti> skaet: https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+bugs?field.tag=qa-daily-testing is also interesting, bugs discovered by the auto jenkins tests

 15:22:04 <slangasek> I think the mono prerm bug would probably be good to fix before having people do lots of lucid->precise upgrades

 15:22:46 <skaet> pitti,  indeed,  thanks.  :)

 15:23:32 <skaet> thanks slangasek.

 15:25:00 <skaet> apw,  how many of Cert's blockers are likely to be fixed with B2 drop?   Are there some its clear we won't get with the release?

 15:25:28 <apw> skaet, i don't think i can give you a clear answer, there are a number which appear to have fixes nearly ready

 15:25:48 <apw> skaet, what i propose to do, is complete my overview review, and email all of the assignees and get more concrete updates

 15:25:59 <apw> skaet, and email the summary out early next week

 15:26:04 <skaet> apw,  that works.  thanks.  :)

 15:26:19 <brendand> apw, thanks

 15:26:49 <skaet> ..  (and thanks brendand, pitti, slangasek, apw)

 15:27:00 <skaet> any one else have questions or should I go on?

 15:27:17 <pitti> ..

 15:27:52 <skaet> dbarth or pitti - do either of you know if compiz will be picking up the OpenGLES in next week's drop?  or is compiz still planned to be bug fix only?

 15:28:51 <pitti> I don't know, I'm afraid

 15:29:11 <skaet> pitti,  ok,   I'm not seeing dbarth in the channel either.   Will follow up offline then.

 15:29:19 <skaet> fabo, ^

 15:30:08 <skaet> by the way,  before I forget,   Riddell,  congrats on getting Kubuntu active "activated" ;)

 15:31:00 <Riddell> thanks :)

 15:31:09 <skaet> tumbleweed, how is progress going on the FTBFS in universe?

 15:31:15 <Riddell> still various bits to tweak but it's nice to have an ubuntu flavour for tablet at last

 15:31:22 <skaet> :)

 15:31:39 <tumbleweed> skaet: I'm not working on them atm, but other people are

 15:31:55 <dbarth> i'm there

 15:31:56 <tumbleweed> I don't have a handle on the progress, either

 15:32:29 <tumbleweed> we're getting another rebuild soon, right?

 15:32:38 <dbarth> skaet: compiz openGLES is in the hands of ogra; he is still working AFAIK on getting a good distro-patch for ARM only; GLES is not for Intel

 15:33:44 <skaet> ogra_, ^ any updates?

 15:34:10 <ogra_> nope

 15:34:37 <ogra_> will update you once i have something

 15:34:53 <fabo> we're still waiting

 15:35:00 <ogra_> (we dont have a working 3D driver atm, waiting for kernel fixes etc)

 15:35:16 <skaet> tumbleweed,  rebuilds need to be figured out.    Will work with you off line.

 15:35:29 <ogra_> (its all in the works though)

 15:35:47 <skaet> ogra_,  are there some bug numbers for those dependent kernel fixes?

 15:36:07 <skaet> or a tag ;)

 15:36:14 <ogra_> skaet, not to my knowledge, its all in ppisati's and rsalveti's hands

 15:36:18 <fabo> skaet: dependency chain is compiz patch -> armhf driver -> kernel fixes

 15:36:32 <ogra_> i'm just waiting for the go from them to then start on compiz

 15:37:12 <apw> skaet, i will check with ppisati

 15:37:15 <skaet> thanks fabo,  ogra_ - would like to get the specific bug numbers figured out so we can keep an eye on when its all landing.

 15:37:21 <skaet> thanks apw

 15:37:29 <ogra_> apw, i think he still waits for rsalveti to be done

 15:37:46 <apw> ogra_, possible indeed ... will ask anyhow ..

 15:38:00 <ogra_> skaet, well, then we need to file any bugs, i dont hink there are any since it was planned in a regular kernel update

 15:38:13 <fabo> I'll look into bug numbers to better track ETA

 15:38:17 <ogra_> (omap4 hasnt had the last merge yet)

 15:38:20 <skaet> thanks fabo.  :)

 15:38:43 <fabo> ogra_: I don't have any bugs reported either

 15:38:52 <ogra_> right, i thought so

 15:39:11 <skaet> .. I think on this topic.

 15:39:18 <ogra_> ..

 15:39:25 <fabo> ..

 15:39:37 <skaet> anyone else have comments/questions before we end?

 15:40:44 * JackyAlcine walks in.

 15:41:06 <skaet> Thanks for your participation, brendand, jibel, mdeslaur, slangasek, dbarth, Daviey, apw, fabo, pitti, Cimi, Riddell, stgraber, ogra_, tumbleweed

 15:41:10 <skaet> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)