#title #ubuntu-meeting Meeting

Meeting started by slangasek at 15:03:37 UTC.  The full logs are
available at
http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2012/ubuntu-meeting.2012-05-02-15.03.log.html
.



== Meeting summary ==

 *Lightning round

 *UDS blueprints

 *Bugs
''LINK:'' https://errors.ubuntu.com/ still lists that python-central bug, which has been floating near or at the top since release. Don't know if it's my parsing of the launchpad crash bugs data being broken or if we really still don't have a bug reported for it.  (ev, 15:54:39)
''LINK:'' https://errors.ubuntu.com/oops/00104e3a-9071-11e1-b51d-2c768aafd08c   (ev, 15:55:04)

 *AOB



Meeting ended at 16:05:44 UTC.



== Votes ==




== Action items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * ev (96)
 * slangasek (95)
 * infinity (42)
 * ogra_ (37)
 * cjwatson (31)
 * bdmurray (23)
 * stgraber (18)
 * ubottu (18)
 * jodh (16)
 * xnox (12)
 * doko (7)
 * barry (5)
 * meetingology` (3)
 * Laney (1)



== Full Log ==


 15:03:37 <slangasek> #startmeeting

 15:03:37 <meetingology`> Meeting started Wed May  2 15:03:37 2012 UTC.  The chair is slangasek. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 15:03:37 <meetingology`> 

 15:03:37 <meetingology`> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 15:04:20 <slangasek> [TOPIC] Lightning round

 15:04:55 <slangasek> $ echo $(shuf -e barry doko stgraber jodh ev bdmurray slangasek ogra infinity cjwatson xnox)

 15:04:58 <slangasek> doko stgraber cjwatson slangasek barry xnox jodh ogra ev infinity bdmurray

 15:05:01 <slangasek> $

 15:05:07 <ogra_> €

 15:05:13 <slangasek> £

 15:05:38 <slangasek> doko: you first :)

 15:06:05 <doko> - gcc updates for quantal

 15:06:05 <doko> - investigate and fix arm biarch builds

 15:06:05 <doko> - may 1st was bank holiday

 15:06:08 <doko> (done)

 15:06:28 <stgraber> Was off Friday and Tuesday:

 15:06:28 <stgraber> - Blueprints

 15:06:28 <stgraber> - Registered community-q-edubuntu, foundations-q-ltsp, foundations-q-iso-tracker and foundations-q-networking

 15:06:32 <stgraber> - Installer

 15:06:34 <stgraber> - Merged some dconf improvements and turned on compositing in the installer.

 15:06:37 <stgraber> - Fixed some netboot bugs and turned on cifs support in casper.

 15:06:40 <stgraber> - Merged os-prober from Debian

 15:06:42 <stgraber> - Release

 15:06:45 <stgraber> - ISO testing

 15:06:47 <stgraber> - Ubuntu/Edubuntu 12.04 release.

 15:06:50 <stgraber> - TODO this week

 15:06:52 <stgraber> - Look for any missing blueprint and register them

 15:06:55 <stgraber> - Continue with merges (currently working on ifupdown)

 15:06:57 <stgraber> - Push some SRUs (nagios-nrpe and ldm are currently on my list)

 15:07:00 <stgraber> (DONE)

 15:07:05 <cjwatson> Release sprint.  Nothing went too badly wrong. :-)

 15:07:05 <cjwatson> Opened quantal and got auto-syncs running.  Some degree of fighting with Launchpad, but less than usual.  Piles of merges.

 15:07:08 <cjwatson> Removed the data.tar.xz dpkg Pre-Depends requirement from Launchpad.

 15:07:11 <cjwatson> Sorted out a few specs.

 15:07:13 <cjwatson> Got a bit carried away with update-manager and ubiquity Python 3 porting.  Lots of dependencies still, and I haven't got much into bytes/unicode data modelling, but making good progress on tests.

 15:07:17 <cjwatson> .

 15:08:30 <slangasek> * upstart in Debian:

 15:08:30 <slangasek> * prereq patches for lsb, sysvinit, and debhelper are done or pending

 15:08:30 * infinity nudges Mr Manager.

 15:08:30 <slangasek> * hacking on invoke-rc.d to implement the Debian policy proposal (doing what /lib/init/upstart-job does currently)

 15:08:33 <slangasek> * plymouth patches wanted for mountall, looking at it this week

 15:08:35 <slangasek> * SRUs for multiarch libraries, hdparm, other things

 15:08:38 <slangasek> * fix upgrade issue in libnfsidmap (bug #933870)

 15:08:39 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 933870 in libnfsidmap (Ubuntu) "libnfsidmap2 fails to install" [High,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/933870

 15:08:40 <slangasek> * don't restart kdm on eglibc upgrade (bug #985735)

 15:08:41 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 985735 in eglibc (Ubuntu) "update-manager restarts KDM and interrupts update process" [High,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/985735

 15:08:43 <slangasek> * help fix upgrade issues with python (bug #986374)

 15:08:44 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 986374 in python2.7 (Ubuntu) "oneiric->precise upgrade failed: E:Internal Error, Could not early remove python-minimal" [Critical,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/986374

 15:08:45 <slangasek> * sponsor upstart fixes from James

 15:08:48 <slangasek> * merges merges merges

 15:08:50 <slangasek> * python3 porting: bluez ported (thanks Laney for the upload), gdb breaking my brain

 15:08:53 <slangasek> * UDS planning - get those blueprints in, everybody!

 15:09:13 <barry> slangasek, cjwatson: \o/

 15:10:28 * barry assumes slangasek is done...

 15:10:30 <barry> (reporting for last two weeks)  py3 porting status: debian bug 669301 (py3 packaging for python-openssl, should probably temporarily delta this into quantal).  freedesktop bug 48904 (backward compat problem w/ dbus.gobject_service).  worked on packaging for python-mode.el for sid.  released flufl.* packages with updated cheeseshop py3 trove classifiers.  also spent some time on bug 924079 before release, but punted.  reviewed debian bug

 15:10:30 <barry> 625509 (debian-python port).  reviewed slangasek's patch for bluez py3.  bug 990145 (remove gwibber dependency on mx.DateTime).  bug 992195 (remove duplicity dependency on GnuPGInterface).  TODO: will be sprinting w/local pythonistas tomorrow on pep 420 (namespace packages for py3.3) and continue with bug 992195.  done.

 15:10:34 <slangasek> er yes, sorry

 15:10:35 <ubottu> Debian bug 669301 in pyopenssl "pyopenssl: Build the Python 3 version of the package" [Wishlist,Open] http://bugs.debian.org/669301

 15:10:37 <ubottu> Freedesktop bug 48904 in python "switching from pygobject2 to pygi in 1.0 was an incompatible change" [Normal,Reopened: ] http://bugzilla.freedesktop.org/show_bug.cgi?id=48904

 15:10:38 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 924079 in apt (Ubuntu Oneiric) "do-release-upgrade fails to upgrade from Oneiric to Precise: Couldn't configure pre-depend libtinfo5 for libncurses5, probably a dependency cycle" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/924079

 15:10:39 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 990145 in Gwibber "Remove dependency on mx.DateTime" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/990145

 15:10:40 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 992195 in Duplicity "Remove dependency on GnuPGInterface" [Undecided,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/992195

 15:11:20 <xnox> did hr/new employee procedure tasks, some are still pending

 15:11:21 <xnox> - finished testing lvm2 merge, it got updated in debian,

 15:11:21 <xnox> remerged, needs further retest

 15:11:22 <xnox> - did one sync request (libgpg-error)

 15:11:22 <xnox> - finishing up merging sudo, should be ready for sponsorship later

 15:11:23 <xnox> - created uds spec, wrt failing hardware notifications

 15:11:23 <xnox> - just did a merge proposal for boost1.49 transition tracker

 15:11:24 <xnox> NEXT

 15:12:03 <infinity> jodh: You're up, since you were disconnected for the randomizer. ;)

 15:12:07 <slangasek> xnox: I'd like to upload lvm2 .88 now and worry about .95 later, especially since .88 is the most recent version that I know upstream recommends

 15:12:21 <xnox> slangasek: ok.

 15:12:26 <slangasek> xnox: but I'll test it on my own system first before doing so

 15:13:02 <slangasek> either way, good to have one of our top packages knocked off of http://qa.ubuntuwire.org/oldmerges/ :)

 15:13:31 * ogra_ wonders if there is actually a human being behind the jodh nick :)

 15:13:59 * ogra_ just moves forward for now

 15:14:03 <ogra_> done:

 15:14:03 <ogra_> * more compiz upgrades right before/on release

 15:14:03 <ogra_> * omap, omap4 and ac100 release image tests

 15:14:03 <ogra_> * may 1st was labour day in germany ...

 15:14:03 <ogra_> * packaged the new nvidia tegra armhf driver (sadly very buggy on the ac100 atm (suspiciously looks like the GPU hardlocks

 15:14:05 <ogra_> after a while, nvidia devs are notified)) (the test package can be found at http://people.canonical.com/~ogra/nvidia-tegra/ atm)

 15:14:08 <ogra_> todo:

 15:14:10 <ogra_> * merges: i only have procps on the list, feel free to drop stuff on me, else i'll randomly grab bits off the list

 15:14:13 <ogra_> * pondering if we shouldnt have a spec for MBR and partition table backup/restore

 15:14:15 <ogra_> (i know that came up various times in the past but i couldnt find a spec for it)

 15:14:17 <ogra_> UDS:

 15:14:19 <ogra_> registered https://blueprints.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+spec/foundations-q-embedded-rootfs

 15:14:21 <ogra_> registered https://blueprints.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+spec/foundations-q-hwpack-integration

 15:14:25 <ogra_> (done)

 15:15:58 <slangasek> ev:

 15:15:59 <ev> - http://errors.ubuntu.com is live, though due to a programming error, things

 15:16:00 <ev> went down over the weekend. Fortunately, the system is designed to cope with

 15:16:01 <ev> this and clients resent crashes when it came back up on Monday. We're still

 15:16:03 <ev> getting things hooked into the webops pager system.

 15:16:04 <ev> - Fixed a few bugs that have arisen in the web side of the crash database

 15:16:06 <ev> since release.

 15:16:07 <ev> - Fixed a critical bug in apport as version 2.0.1-0ubuntu7. We were directing

 15:16:09 <ev> people to launchpad.net post-release.

 15:16:10 <ev> - We now have (the start of) a web API for the crash reporting statistics.

 15:16:12 <ev> This was initially written to provide webops with a means on monitoring the

 15:16:13 <ev> health of the retracers.

 15:16:13 <ev> - Created the 12.04 USB disks for the store.

 15:16:20 <ev> - As it turns out, 4 i386 and 4 amd64 retracer instances wasn't enough

 15:16:20 <ev> post-release. Initial testing suggests we could get by with about 16 of

 15:16:22 <ev> each. We'll also need a lot more disk space, as between the backlog of core

 15:16:23 <ev> dumps and the per-retracer per-release caches we're quickly eating up the

 15:16:25 <ev> existing disk. Worked with webops to rememedy the immediate problem. New

 15:16:26 <ev> hardware is on order.

 15:16:27 <ev> - Registered blueprints for UDS:

 15:16:29 <ev> - https://blueprints.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+spec/foundations-q-crash-database

 15:16:30 <ev> - https://blueprints.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+spec/foundations-q-metrics

 15:16:32 <ev> - https://blueprints.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+spec/foundations-q-updates-from-crash-reports

 15:16:33 <ev> - https://blueprints.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+spec/foundations-q-fix-ddebs

 15:16:35 <ev> - https://blueprints.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+spec/foundations-q-bucketing-improvements

 15:16:36 <ev> - https://blueprints.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+spec/foundations-q-phased-updates

 15:16:39 <ev> - Worked with Matthew to try to write a better mean time between failures

 15:16:41 <ev> algorithm. Mathematicians wanted.

 15:16:42 <ev> - Built out support to collect statistics on the release, package, version,

 15:16:44 <ev> year, month, and day level (and combinations therein).

 15:16:45 <ev> - Started moving the web UI to consuming its own API to generate the charts,

 15:16:47 <ev> in support of being able to switch chart views via fancy-pants AJAX.

 15:16:48 <ev> - Discussed the http://errors.ubuntu.com design with Matthew, Kate, and Colin.

 15:16:50 <ev> If you get a chance, I'd love your thoughts in reply to the email I sent

 15:16:51 <ev> about it on April 13th.

 15:16:52 <ev> (done)

 15:16:53 <ev> I'll post some fun stats during AOB

 15:16:57 <infinity> ev: When will errors.ubuntu.com be usable by !canonical people (or will it ever?)

 15:17:27 <infinity> - Release sprint last week:

 15:17:28 <infinity> - 12.04 got released, rather uneventfully

 15:17:28 <infinity> - 12.10 got opened while no one was looking

 15:17:28 <infinity> - This week:

 15:17:28 <infinity> - Fixed d-shlibs to deal with the armhf linker

 15:17:30 <infinity> - Fixed a few bugs in the fpc/armhf bootstrap

 15:17:33 <infinity> - Worked on fixing some llvm/clang-on-arm issues

 15:17:35 <infinity> - Rebootstrapped the tex* stack to sort out an

 15:17:38 <infinity> accidental out-of-order sync that blew up the world

 15:17:40 <infinity> - Registered and fiddled with spec for UDS.

 15:17:43 <infinity> ...

 15:17:46 <ev> infinity: well, I'm not shouting about it from the rooftops yet as the code could use some performance improvements

 15:17:56 <ev> and I really, really, really don't want Hacker News hitting it

 15:17:58 <ev> just yet

 15:18:02 <slangasek> ev: speaking of retracers, I noticed the backtraces shown in the errors reports don't appear to be a 'bt full' - is there any plan to make this available?

 15:18:09 <infinity> ev: Sure, but I mean it's currently behind SSO demanding that you're in the canonical group. :)

 15:18:19 <slangasek> it's relevant often enough that I think we should have it by default

 15:18:45 <ev> infinity: but the game plan is canonical group + bug control being able to access the actual reports

 15:18:48 <ev> just like on launchpad

 15:18:53 * infinity nods.

 15:19:03 <Laney> use ubuntu-dev instead for now, or bugcontrol?

 15:19:14 <ev> slangasek: can you provide me with an example?

 15:19:22 <ev> it's definitely not intentional

 15:20:43 <slangasek> ev: looking

 15:20:50 * bdmurray starts then

 15:20:53 <bdmurray> bug triage of ubiquity, iso-testing and update-manager bug reports

 15:20:53 <bdmurray> investigation into reporters submitting dist-upgrade bugs multiple times

 15:20:53 <bdmurray> closed apport-package reports regarding package install failures due to not a debian package

 15:20:56 <bdmurray> wrote a bugbot routine for 'not a debian format archive bug reports'

 15:21:03 <bdmurray> closed texinfo bug reports due to a syntax error in /etc/environment

 15:21:04 <bdmurray> whoopsie apport-package duplicate bug consolidation into bug 988995

 15:21:04 <bdmurray> tried to recreate bug 987956 regarding ubiquity

 15:21:04 <bdmurray> wrote a bug pattern for bug 937546

 15:21:06 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 988995 in whoopsie-daisy (Ubuntu) "package whoopsie 0.1.32 failed to install/upgrade: el subproceso instalado el script post-installation devolvió el código de salida de error 1" [Undecided,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/988995

 15:21:07 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 987956 in ubiquity (Ubuntu) "Installer Deletes Contents from Separate HOME partition without WARNING!" [High,Incomplete] https://launchpad.net/bugs/987956

 15:21:08 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 937546 in nautilus-dropbox (Ubuntu) "package nautilus-dropbox (not installed) failed to install/upgrade: subprocess installed post-removal script returned error exit status 2" [Undecided,Invalid] https://launchpad.net/bugs/937546

 15:21:15 <bdmurray> reported apport bug 989929 regarding checking if a package is an ubuntu package

 15:21:16 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 989929 in apport (Ubuntu) "does not check ubuntuness of packages being removed or upgraded" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/989929

 15:21:18 <bdmurray> conversion of harvest opportunities from direct launchpad database queries to using the api

 15:21:21 <bdmurray> blogged regarding duplicate bug title consolidation

 15:21:23 <bdmurray> created a list of people who improved bug reports during the precise dev cycle for skaet

 15:21:32 <bdmurray> investigation into remastersys and emailed contact person regarding bug 984276

 15:21:33 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 984276 in casper (Ubuntu Precise) "installing casper on a non live system causes update-initramfs to fail" [Medium,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/984276

 15:21:35 <bdmurray> created a launchpad development virtual machine

 15:21:37 <bdmurray> created a couple of blueprints for Q

 15:21:48 <bdmurray> done

 15:21:58 <slangasek> ev: "no symbol table info available", so maybe this was a missing debug symbol problem. https://errors.ubuntu.com/oops/008aa98e-92ea-11e1-b399-2c768aafd08c

 15:22:18 <doko> msg infinity did you give back gcc-4.7? these mysterious give backs become annoying ...

 15:22:22 <doko> oops

 15:22:45 <slangasek> bdmurray: texinfo> can you give us a bug about fixing texinfo to not muck around in /etc/environment where it doesn't belong?

 15:22:46 <infinity> doko: I did a mass-give-back of the world yesterday, nothing today...

 15:23:05 <infinity> doko: But that wouldn't have hit PPAs, if your PPA upload is what got given-back.

 15:23:09 <doko> right

 15:23:10 <bdmurray> slangasek: yes, will do

 15:23:13 <slangasek> ta

 15:24:21 <slangasek> jodh: your turn, if you're around :)

 15:24:28 <jodh> - boot/upstart: - Raised MP on quantal upstart to fix compile error.

 15:24:28 <jodh> - planning/blueprints:

 15:24:28 <jodh> - discussions around multiseat.

 15:24:28 <jodh> - service readiness:

 15:24:31 <jodh> https://blueprints.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+spec/foundations-q-upstart-service-readiness

 15:24:35 <jodh> - ptrace limitations:

 15:24:38 <jodh> https://blueprints.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+spec/foundations-q-upstart-overcome-ptrace-limitations

 15:24:41 <jodh> - libs/nih: bug 776532 (required for Upstart quantal work). Wrote tests and

 15:24:44 <jodh> tested. Approved by Keybuk.

 15:24:45 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 776532 in libnih "nih_dir_walk_scan passes incorrect value to file filter" [Undecided,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/776532

 15:24:48 <jodh> - TODO:

 15:24:51 <jodh> - ConsoleKit+logind investigations + multiseat blueprint with robert_ancell.

 15:24:54 <jodh> - upstart job disabling blueprint.

 15:24:57 <jodh> - upstart state passing blueprint.

 15:25:00 <jodh> ⨌

 15:25:58 * slangasek feels all integrated

 15:26:16 * infinity feels dirty

 15:26:29 <stgraber> jodh: can you make sure I'm subscribed to the multiseat blueprint? (I have an interest because of past experience with these and because of LTSP)

 15:27:09 <jodh> stgraber: will do.

 15:27:13 <slangasek> jodh: please also register a general "upstart roadmap" blueprint - we should have that session again just to make sure we're still aligned with what people need

 15:27:14 <cjwatson> I didn't even know there *was* a quadruple integral operator.

 15:27:25 <jodh> slangasek: ack.

 15:28:16 <stgraber> jodh: thanks

 15:28:22 <slangasek> anyone have questions over the above?

 15:30:29 <slangasek> [TOPIC] UDS blueprints

 15:31:04 <slangasek> so with UDS half a week away, any remaining blueprints you mean to have on the schedule need to get in the system ASAP

 15:31:07 <slangasek> tomorrow at the latest

 15:31:18 <cjwatson> I've got "btrfs sync-up with server team" and "automated bootloader testing" to do from our call yesterday

 15:31:24 <cjwatson> will register those today

 15:31:46 <slangasek> and by Friday at the latest, please have a look at what's on the schedule for UDS and get yourself subscribed to the sessions you need to be at

 15:31:53 <slangasek> so that the autoscheduler can do its work over the weekend

 15:32:04 <slangasek> instead of having it throw conflicts at us Monday :)

 15:32:09 <slangasek> cjwatson: thanks

 15:32:29 <infinity> (For the record, if people have sessions they think I should be at, feel free to subscribe me)

 15:33:23 <ogra_> infinity, do we have an arm v8 spec btw ?

 15:33:41 <infinity> Yep.

 15:33:43 <slangasek> I expect that as usual none of you should have any trouble finding things to occupy your time at UDS; but if anyone should happen to feel they don't have enough that they're participating in, let me know

 15:33:44 <ogra_> (assuming it would be yours if it exists)

 15:33:51 <infinity> ogra_: https://blueprints.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+spec/foundations-q-aarch64-porting

 15:33:54 <ogra_> thx

 15:34:05 * ogra_ subscribes

 15:34:12 <infinity> Cleverly hidden under the arch name that no one knows.

 15:34:20 <ogra_> hehe

 15:34:50 <cjwatson> Anyone know if wookey's already planning to set up a quantal sbuild-ma buildd in time for UDS?

 15:34:52 <slangasek> ev, bdmurray: incidentally, do you think one session about the crashdb is sufficient? (https://blueprints.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+spec/foundations-q-crash-database)

 15:34:58 <cjwatson> I'd ask him directly but he's not on IRC right now

 15:35:12 <slangasek> he's on #multiarch@OFTC :)

 15:35:19 <slangasek> (I don't know)

 15:35:24 <ev> slangasek: as in should we have foundations-q-crash-database-2?

 15:35:28 <infinity> I was just about to mention he was on oftc. :P

 15:35:36 * ogra_ sees him in #linaro

 15:35:36 <ev> or are you asking if we should split it out into more specs?

 15:35:38 <slangasek> ev: as in, are there subtopics that warrant an hour of their own :)

 15:35:49 <cjwatson> ah, I'll ask him there

 15:36:01 <ev> slangasek: I'll give that a think tonight

 15:36:05 <ev> it does link to some subtopics

 15:36:26 <ev> but yeah, maybe the mean time between failures is an hour talk itself

 15:37:20 <slangasek> ev: if it's simpler we can just block out multiple hours for the umbrella blueprint

 15:37:28 <ev> yeah, lets do that

 15:37:42 <slangasek> though sometimes that just means the first topic takes two hours and you never get to the end of the list ;)

 15:37:47 <ev> heh

 15:37:56 <ev> I'll still think about how we can further break this down tonight

 15:38:03 <ev> but lets tentatively plan for two hours

 15:38:05 <slangasek> any other concerns about blueprints at the moment?

 15:38:43 <ogra_> any suggestions about hving a blueprint for a partition table and MBR backup restore ?

 15:38:47 <ogra_> *having

 15:38:58 <ogra_> (mentioned in my report above)

 15:39:16 <slangasek> ogra_: I wasn't sure I understood the use case for this

 15:39:41 <ogra_> having backups of your partition table in case you falsely change it ?

 15:39:49 <slangasek> who does that though? :)

 15:39:57 <ogra_> being able to restore a messed up MBR a user fiddled to death

 15:40:22 <ogra_> dunno, i kno win the past having grub do backups on grub-update came up

 15:40:30 <cjwatson> update-grub doesn't touch the partition table or the MBR

 15:40:35 <ogra_> (and we had such discussions for u-boot as well)

 15:40:37 <cjwatson> You may be thinking of grub-install

 15:40:47 <ogra_> oh, indeed, wrong term, sorry

 15:41:02 <slangasek> right, and grub-install doesn't get run except at install time

 15:41:10 <cjwatson> I dunno, it seems like a special case of having good system backups

 15:41:11 <ogra_> k, so its moot

 15:41:21 * xnox .oO(UEFI)

 15:41:35 <slangasek> ogra_: I suspect we can't justify a session for it - but thanks for bringing it up

 15:41:38 <ogra_> right, might make more sense in context of an advanced backup tool

 15:41:40 <cjwatson> ... which we still don't do well

 15:42:00 <slangasek> do we want system backups on the agenda?

 15:42:11 <slangasek> or would that need to be desktop / server instead of foundations?

 15:42:13 <ev> don't we have deja dup?

 15:42:19 <ev> it sometimes manages to back up to u1

 15:42:26 <cjwatson> ev: Have you ever tried to do system restores based on duplicity backups?

 15:42:31 <cjwatson> I have.  It doesn't work.

 15:42:37 <ev> cjwatson: yikes

 15:42:37 <ogra_> heh ... sometimes

 15:43:23 <cjwatson> (Among its faults, it stores file ownership by user/group name rather than number, so you can't reliably restore from a live CD without having to spend ages fiddling with permissions afterwards.  It's obviously meant as a single-user backup tool, not a system backup tool.)

 15:44:06 <cjwatson> slangasek: I suspect nobody has time for it this cycle :-)

 15:44:15 <slangasek> right-o

 15:44:18 <slangasek> moving on then

 15:44:22 <slangasek> [TOPIC] Bugs

 15:44:24 <cjwatson> Maybe I should talk to mterry and see if duplicity can be bludgeoned into the right shape, since it's clearly desktop's direction

 15:44:32 <ev> cjwatson: noted - my experience with it has been fairly light

 15:44:37 * xnox bacula - is ok for system backups

 15:44:56 <slangasek> bdmurray: are there any bugs showing up post-release that we should be worrying about SRUing?

 15:44:57 <barry> duplicity is one of those py3 application ports, so there's even more to bludgeon mterry with :)

 15:45:00 <slangasek> (ones that we aren't already)

 15:45:13 * stgraber uses a central backuppc server with rsync for all the Linux systems, works great but not exactly something we can fit in the default install

 15:45:51 <bdmurray> slangasek: well, I ran across bug 988995 which reminded me of another bug

 15:45:52 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 988995 in whoopsie-daisy (Ubuntu) "package whoopsie 0.1.32 failed to install/upgrade: el subproceso instalado el script post-installation devolvió el código de salida de error 1" [Undecided,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/988995

 15:46:00 <bdmurray> bug 523896

 15:46:01 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 523896 in shadow (Ubuntu) "useradd: cannot lock /etc/passwd; try again later." [Medium,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/523896

 15:47:12 <cjwatson> stgraber: Right, roughly me too, but it's all home-grown

 15:47:18 <ev> yeah, I did ask about that in #ubuntu-devel

 15:47:30 <ev> I'm not sure what else we can do if /etc/passwd is locked

 15:47:47 <slangasek> 523896> the blocker there was that we haven't reached consensus with the upstream yet, so I was reluctant to diverge :/

 15:48:37 <slangasek> ev, bdmurray: what's surprising is the large number of reports of it *being* locked, all of a sudden

 15:49:48 <slangasek> Why should users not be seeing locked /etc/passwd until installing whoopsie?  Is it just that the stale lock has been there for years, but nothing has tried to add a new user on upgrade?

 15:50:14 <infinity> Could be that.

 15:50:20 <infinity> We don't add new users all that often.

 15:50:31 <infinity> Unless you install something that does so, of course.

 15:51:34 <cjwatson> Quite a few packages add users; odd that whoopsie would be a particularly common victim

 15:51:40 <slangasek> so unless we think whoopsie is somehow misbehaving and *causing* the lock, the right thing to do is to fix the underlying lock

 15:51:51 <slangasek> cjwatson: quite a few packages in the default desktop install that will add them on upgrade?

 15:51:53 <cjwatson> I suppose it could be like man-db being victimised by trigger bugs

 15:52:05 <cjwatson> Maybe not upgrade, no, though whoopsie's surely not the first

 15:52:14 <cjwatson> Well, first in this case :)

 15:52:38 <cjwatson> Anyway, I see no relevant misbehaviour in whoopsie.postinst

 15:52:42 <slangasek> yep

 15:53:02 <slangasek> and whoopsie certainly shouldn't be working around the lock if it's not buggily causing it in the first place

 15:53:16 <slangasek> so the thing to do is to get the lock cleared (e.g., at boot)

 15:53:44 <slangasek> cjwatson: any objections to clearing that lock file at boot?

 15:54:04 <cjwatson> Seems fair

 15:54:27 <infinity> Seems reasonable (ish) to me, if we've confirmed that shadow/passwd inconsistency is avoided in other ways.

 15:54:30 <slangasek> ok

 15:54:35 <slangasek> bdmurray: any others?

 15:54:39 <ev> https://errors.ubuntu.com/ still lists that python-central bug, which has been floating near or at the top since release. Don't know if it's my parsing of the launchpad crash bugs data being broken or if we really still don't have a bug reported for it.

 15:54:43 <bdmurray> Is that thought that there may be some deliquent package leaving the lock?

 15:54:44 <ev> apols for jumping in there

 15:55:01 <infinity> ev: doko uploaded a fix, we just need to get it through SRU land.

 15:55:04 <ev> https://errors.ubuntu.com/oops/00104e3a-9071-11e1-b51d-2c768aafd08c

 15:55:05 <ev> ah yay

 15:55:14 <infinity> ev: And his fix *did* reference a bug, so maybe your matching isn't working?

 15:55:26 <ev> well it will only match apport filed bugs

 15:55:33 <infinity> I think it was.

 15:55:40 <ev> okay, I'll have a look then

 15:55:58 <ev> I'm sure I'm failing to parse a special character properly

 15:56:04 <slangasek> I thought doko hand-filed the bug

 15:56:17 <infinity> ev: https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/python-central/+bug/955936

 15:56:19 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 955936 in python-central (Ubuntu) "pycentral crashed with NameError in run(): global name 'arch' is not defined" [High,In progress]

 15:56:28 <ev> cheers

 15:56:28 <infinity> slangasek: Nope.

 15:56:38 <slangasek> bdmurray: well, one of the scenarios that caused the lock was if there's a crash while using the guest session

 15:56:57 <slangasek> bdmurray: so there's a bug there somewhere, but I wasn't able to spot it when I looked at the time

 15:57:11 <infinity> slangasek: Yeah, one might wonder why the guest session is locking passwd?

 15:57:14 <ev> infinity: added a note to investigate - thanks

 15:57:21 <slangasek> infinity: yep

 15:57:47 <bdmurray> ev: is it because the bug has a python traceback and the error doesn't?

 15:57:59 <slangasek> infinity: where exactly is the fix for bug #955936?  it's not in the unapproved queue

 15:58:00 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 955936 in python-central (Ubuntu) "pycentral crashed with NameError in run(): global name 'arch' is not defined" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/955936

 15:58:07 <cjwatson> it's in -proposed

 15:58:07 <infinity> slangasek: Accepted.

 15:58:11 <infinity> ^

 15:58:14 <slangasek> oh

 15:58:20 <slangasek> sorry, was confused by the 'in progress'

 15:58:30 <slangasek> which is from the wrong task

 15:58:33 <cjwatson> I guess we'll auto-copy it to quantal once it's verified

 15:58:38 <slangasek> ok then

 15:58:41 <ev> bdmurray: no, the signatures are not matched somehow. I think it's because I'm incorrectly parsing the signature on our end to what people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/apport... is expecting

 15:59:20 <bdmurray> slangasek: that's all I had for bugs

 15:59:33 <slangasek> ok, thanks

 15:59:41 <slangasek> [TOPIC] AOB

 15:59:46 <slangasek> one minute, talk fast ;)

 15:59:53 <ev> Some crash database statistics for you:

 15:59:58 <ev> - 5,066,166 crashes received since March 20th. That's right, 5 million.

 15:59:58 <ev> - 263,280 crashes received on release day and 426,729 the next day.

 16:00:00 <ev> - Thanks to having to constantly purge the cache, we're retracing one 12.04

 16:00:01 <ev> crash every 47.44 seconds. Our best time was on release day with a full

 16:00:03 <ev> cache. We retraced one crash every 25.15 seconds.

 16:00:04 <ev> - 8,874 unique problems were seen today (with many instances of those

 16:00:06 <ev> seen). Yesterday we saw 12,468 unique problems. Keep in mind that this is

 16:00:07 <ev> greatly influenced by how quickly we can retrace crashes (and it currently

 16:00:09 <ev> incorrectly places the crashes in the day bucket for today, regardless of

 16:00:10 <ev> whether it actually happened days ago and we've only just retraced it). On

 16:00:11 <ev> release day we only saw 1,604 unique problems.

 16:00:12 <ev> - We've received reports from 364,359 people.

 16:00:16 <slangasek> wow

 16:00:29 <ogra_> geez, 5mio !

 16:00:52 <infinity> Take-home message: (A) we actually have users, (B) software sucks?

 16:01:04 <slangasek> what's the distribution of duplicates look like?  https://errors.ubuntu.com/ seems to only give a rolling frequency

 16:01:04 <ev> the retracer hardware is causing serious pain. The numbers will shoot up much higher once we sort that.

 16:01:21 <xnox> (C) we can now act in more real-time to real problems users are hitting *right now*

 16:01:22 <ogra_> still if we say we have 20mio users thats like a quater of them having crashes :)

 16:01:38 <slangasek> i.e., I'm pretty sure there've been more than 858 instances of the python-central issue, and that the number shown was higher yesterday :)

 16:01:38 <ev> infinity: yes, and yes

 16:01:41 <cjwatson> (D) maybe we need a more agile SRU process

 16:01:47 <infinity> cjwatson: Indeed.

 16:01:52 <ogra_> ++ on that

 16:01:56 <infinity> cjwatson: Do we have a bikeshed session for that?

 16:02:02 <slangasek> not currently

 16:02:06 <ev> slangasek: yeah, the counts look a bit suspicious. I've been investigating but everything checks out so far.

 16:02:07 <infinity> We probably should.

 16:02:09 <slangasek> someone want to schedule one?

 16:02:12 <ev> the code for month and year ranges will land soon

 16:02:15 <slangasek> infinity: thanks for volunteering :)

 16:02:19 <ev> in the web ui that is, it's already on the backend

 16:02:21 <infinity> >:(

 16:02:24 * infinity goes to register.

 16:02:37 <ev> xnox: yes, this is entirely realtime data and we'll soon have realtime updates on the page itself

 16:02:41 <ev> so you can watch a crash climb

 16:03:09 <slangasek> ev: well, I'm *sure* the numbers were higher when I loaded the page yesterday - I remember a four-digit count for the top crashers

 16:03:20 <ev> it's per day at the moment

 16:03:31 <ev> you'll be able to select month and year soon

 16:03:40 <ev> and break down by releases, packages, and versions

 16:04:16 <slangasek> ok

 16:04:53 <ev> and matthew is working on a mockup UI to be able to select date ranges, I believe

 16:04:58 <slangasek> would be good to understand things like: what percentage of all crashes does a given crash represent, are users likely to run into this same crash multiple times or just as a one-off, etc

 16:05:02 <ev> as that was one of skaet 's requirements

 16:05:11 <ev> slangasek: reply to my email :)

 16:05:19 <slangasek> heh :)

 16:05:23 <slangasek> noted ;)

 16:05:25 <ev> IRC is far too lossy for this sort of thing

 16:05:32 <ev> cheers!

 16:05:44 <slangasek> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)