#title #ubuntu-meeting Meeting

Meeting started by soren at 21:01:01 UTC.  The full logs are available
at
http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2012/ubuntu-meeting.2012-02-06-21.01.log.html
.



== Meeting summary ==

 *action review
''ACTION:'' kees to perform brainstorm review  (soren, 21:02:42)

 *Is Partner a part of Ubuntu? -- IainLane
''LINK:'' https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/technical-board/2012-January/001177.html   (soren, 21:03:24)
''LINK:'' https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/technical-board/2012-January/001177.html   (soren, 21:03:33)
''LINK:'' http://www.canonical.com/about-ubuntu   (highvoltage, 21:15:16)
''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ExtensionRepositoryPolicy   (pitti, 21:24:45)
''LINK:'' http://www.ubuntu.com/aboutus/trademarkpolicy: "In general, a Remix can have applications from the Ubuntu archives added, or default applications removed, but removing or changing any infrastructure components (e.g., shared libraries or desktop components) will result in changes too large for the resulting product to be called by a Trademark"  (Laney, 21:30:01)

 *Should the Ubuntu remix policy be relaxed to allow the use of non-Ubuntu components in remixes?

 *Review copyright file placement for Ubuntu ARB apps (currently installed under /opt, should probably be under the usual location).
''ACTION:'' Laney and wendar to get trademark policy updated wrt remixes  (soren, 22:03:06)

 *AOB



Meeting ended at 22:04:54 UTC.



== Votes ==


 * Copyright files for ARB apps should reside in /usr/share/doc/<packagename>/copyright even though the rest of the package's files are in /opt
   For: 4 Against: 0 Abstained: 1

 * Remixes can include sources from these so long as the repositories are following ExtensionRepositoryPolicy
   For: 6 Against: 0 Abstained: 0



== Action items ==

 * kees to perform brainstorm review
 * Laney and wendar to get trademark policy updated wrt remixes



== Action items, by person ==

 * kees
 ** kees to perform brainstorm review
 * Laney
 ** Laney and wendar to get trademark policy updated wrt remixes
 * wendar
 ** Laney and wendar to get trademark policy updated wrt remixes



== People present (lines said) ==

 * sabdfl (116)
 * pitti (81)
 * soren (59)
 * Laney (46)
 * meetingology (29)
 * mdz (23)
 * highvoltage (14)
 * kees (11)
 * stgraber (10)
 * ajmitch (5)
 * micahg (4)
 * popey (3)
 * wendar (2)
 * beuno (2)
 * tumbleweed (1)
 * greg-g (1)
 * gekker (1)



== Full Log ==


 21:01:01 <soren> #startmeeting

 21:01:01 <meetingology> Meeting started Mon Feb  6 21:01:01 2012 UTC.  The chair is soren. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 21:01:01 <meetingology> 

 21:01:01 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 21:01:11 <soren> #topic action review

 21:01:18 <pitti> btw, Laney said that he probably cannot make it

 21:01:26 <soren> Heh* stgraber

 21:01:26 <soren> ** stgraber to harmonize the DMB expiring dates  (extend bdrung to 2013-02-13 and micah, tumbleweed and then the two new members to 2014-02-13)

 21:01:29 <meetingology> soren: Error: Can't start another meeting, one is in progress.

 21:01:29 <pitti> but I think we are aware of his topics

 21:02:08 <soren> stgraber: You did that, right?

 21:02:13 <stgraber> right, all the DMB changes have been done

 21:02:17 <soren> Awesome.

 21:02:18 <soren> kees to perform brainstorm review

 21:02:21 <kees> I suck!

 21:02:31 <soren> kees: At least you're consistent :)

 21:02:34 <kees> :)

 21:02:42 <soren> #action kees to perform brainstorm review

 21:02:42 * meetingology kees to perform brainstorm review

 21:02:50 <soren> stgraber to de-activate Emmet Hikory's membership in the DMB as he's still MIA. DONE

 21:02:53 <soren> Great.

 21:03:04 <soren> #topic Is Partner a part of Ubuntu? -- IainLane

 21:03:24 <soren> https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/technical-board/2012-January/001177.html

 21:03:28 <pitti> wrt. brainstorm, I think at this point it makes more sense to just drop this one and do March one

 21:03:33 <soren> #link https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/technical-board/2012-January/001177.html

 21:03:35 <pitti> (sorry for lag)

 21:03:57 <soren> Does anyone want to present this subject?

 21:04:22 <pitti> is anyone not familiar with the discussion and needs some time to catch up/explanations?

 21:04:49 <soren> I'm not sure what we're meant to decide.

 21:04:52 <pitti> there was some back and forth, mostly between Mark who has always considered Partner a part of Ubuntu, and some developers who never considered it to be

 21:04:53 <sabdfl> hi all

 21:04:57 <pitti> hey sabdfl

 21:05:33 <mdz> I think perhaps part of the confusion is over what is meant by "part of Ubuntu"

 21:05:45 <pitti> TBH I'm less worried about the mere terminology; what is and isn't "Ubuntu" certainly canot be proved or disproved, it's a matter of definition

 21:05:53 <mdz> particularly with the word "Ubuntu" being overloaded

 21:06:11 <pitti> so perhaps we should talk more about the policy/procedures

 21:06:13 <mdz> (community, project, product, package repository, ISO, etc.)

 21:06:35 <pitti> i. e. should Partner be subject to TB ruling, community involvement, or stay a pure Canonical project

 21:06:44 <kees> while I would like "ubuntu" to mean exclusively free software, we already have exceptions.

 21:06:47 <Laney> made it through the snow covered wastelands

 21:06:58 <pitti> hello Laney

 21:07:03 <highvoltage> hey Laney

 21:07:39 <pitti> sabdfl: did I understand you right that you would actually want more community involvement there?

 21:07:43 <sabdfl> Laney, sounds poetic :)

 21:08:08 <sabdfl> pitti, would be happy to facilitate

 21:08:10 <pitti> so far it has always been a canonical service on top of Ubuntu to me, to make it very easy for users to install popular software

 21:08:50 <highvoltage> pitti: it's easy to understand it that way if it's been defined like that *everywhere* ;)

 21:08:53 <sabdfl> pitti, yes, i think it was described that way, fair enough

 21:08:58 <soren> pitti: I feel (and have always felt) the same way.

 21:08:59 <Laney> I'm not so tied to the formulation of my two questions fwiw. I think we're pretty clear on what the discussion is about.

 21:09:49 <sabdfl> on community involvement

 21:10:03 <sabdfl> i hadn't realised there was interest in being able to engage there

 21:10:10 <Laney> I don't think anyone is in doubt that partner as it stands isn't "part of Ubuntu" as we want it, so we should figure out what we'd like to see to make it so, if that is the goal.

 21:10:21 <sabdfl> but since it was asked about, we should ask the folk who run the archive to make that possible

 21:10:37 <soren> Laney: I'm less sure. I think it's an interesting topic for sure, but I'm unclear how we can close this point on the agenda a way that's satisfactory to anyone.

 21:10:59 <Laney> I don't really know that there is interest.

 21:11:06 <sabdfl> stepping back a little

 21:11:38 <pitti> argh, DSL reconnect; I lost the previous conversation, and probably you didn't see my ramblings

 21:11:41 <sabdfl> ubuntu is unusual in that it tries to bring balance across some areas of tension

 21:11:46 <sabdfl> for example, between company and community

 21:11:53 <stgraber> pitti: last from you: 21:08 < pitti> so far it has always been a canonical service on top of Ubuntu to me, to make it very easy for users to install popular software

 21:12:03 <sabdfl> it's easy, if you live on only one side of that fence, to snipe at the other side

 21:12:04 <pitti> so far it has always been a canonical service on top of Ubuntu to me, to make it very easy for users to install popular software

 21:12:06 <pitti> and I have some doubts whether we'd do Canonical or the Ubuntu community a favor by trying to push partner under Ubuntu packaging and other policies

 21:12:07 <pitti> that might restrict Canonical in what it's doing with it, and we could never make it even remotely adhere to Ubuntu standards

 21:12:13 <pitti> (free software, minimal SRUs, freezes, etc.), as this kind of software just doesn't work like that

 21:12:42 <sabdfl> but we try to bring both together, in an appropriate way

 21:12:57 <sabdfl> recognizing that end users want clarity and principles, and also want working results

 21:13:29 <sabdfl> in pitti's list (free software) is a good example, since we created restricted at the outset, and multiverse not long after

 21:13:43 <sabdfl> i often see folk claiming ubuntu stands for just on part of the whole

 21:13:51 <sabdfl> but to me, it's the whole that makes it really interesting

 21:13:57 <sabdfl> now, we do have clear lines

 21:13:59 <pitti> "interesting" for sure

 21:14:16 <sabdfl> we haven't put proprietary userspace apps in the cd, afaict

 21:14:21 <sabdfl> just drivers

 21:14:23 <pitti> I actually haven't seen any reply that considered partner a bad or irrelevant service

 21:14:57 <sabdfl> pitti, then the question is: how does the Ubuntu project want to deliver those bits to its users?

 21:15:15 <pitti> I wasn't actually sure what the question was here :)

 21:15:16 <highvoltage> http://www.canonical.com/about-ubuntu

 21:15:19 <sabdfl> because (a) it needs to answer that, and (b) the answer will describe what it means for those bits to be 'in Ubuntu'

 21:15:19 <highvoltage> "But best of all, Ubuntu is and always will be absolutely free."

 21:15:37 <highvoltage> what exactly does "Ubuntu is and always will be absolutely free" mean?

 21:15:37 <sabdfl> highvoltage, that refers to price

 21:15:46 <pitti> sabdfl: hm, the current integration into software-center seems quite nice to me? have there been any complaints?

 21:15:49 <highvoltage> hmm, interesting :/

 21:16:03 <Laney> I don't think the project has had any problem with how partner is implemented currently

 21:16:08 <sabdfl> pitti, i'm sure there were eyebrows raised in some quarters :)

 21:16:14 <pitti> I had the impression the discussion revolved more about definitions and who can drive it

 21:16:26 <sabdfl> perhaps the term 'enemy of freedom' was bandied about in certain tea parties

 21:16:50 <Laney> the project as led by the TB, at least.

 21:16:54 <sabdfl> highvoltage, what did you think restricted was?

 21:16:55 <mdz> the question arose because of remixing, right?

 21:17:03 <mdz> maybe we should discuss in that context

 21:17:23 <sabdfl> Laney, the TB has a mandate to lead technical processes, supervise developers, set technical direction etc

 21:17:26 <sabdfl> i forget the wording

 21:17:44 <sabdfl> this is not, technically, a matter for the TB ;-)

 21:17:46 <Laney> Whatever the precise mandate is, I don't see any push from inside the project to change how partner is delivered

 21:18:11 <highvoltage> sabdfl: restricted is at least a clearly noted exception that's documented from the very start

 21:18:16 <sabdfl> but since it was being discussed here, and since we have many folk here who contribute more than technically, I thought it would be worth engaging

 21:18:54 <sabdfl> highvoltage, yes. but it establishes that we understand the need to dance appropriately with proprietary software

 21:18:59 <sabdfl> and this conversation is thus appropriate

 21:19:06 <Laney> I think a good outcome of this would be to open partner up to (a) bug reporting and (b) patches to the packaging as far as it isn't currently

 21:19:13 <sabdfl> the question is, for our users, what do we want to do about things like vmware player?

 21:19:22 <sabdfl> Laney, +1

 21:19:23 <pitti> wrt. restricted, it's part of archive.ubuntu.com, and covered by the usual ubuntu-{,core-}dev privileges, SRU policy, etc.

 21:19:31 <pitti> none of which applies to partner

 21:19:38 <Laney> But there's a risk of removing its agility if you involve the community more

 21:19:38 <sabdfl> let's consider that historical

 21:19:48 <micahg> partner is already open for bug reporting (there are plenty open :))

 21:19:56 <Laney> ok

 21:19:58 <sabdfl> and ask what it would look like, if it were designed now

 21:20:00 <Laney> that was just something raised on list

 21:20:04 <pitti> (a) (bug reporting) should already be provided? cf. cjwatson's reply

 21:20:15 <sabdfl> yes, bug reporting is handled

 21:20:29 <popey> "handled" as in we have infratructure to report them

 21:20:35 <sabdfl> and i have no objections to figuring out how to take patches

 21:20:36 <popey> not "handled" in that anyone takes care of the bugs

 21:20:47 <sabdfl> and possibly even how to have an ITP type process inviting participation

 21:21:08 <sabdfl> *some* things will require NDA's from the ISV, and preclude that kind of pre-release discolsure

 21:21:11 <sabdfl> disclosure, even

 21:21:16 <pitti> those sound fine to me

 21:21:17 <sabdfl> but i don't know any examples

 21:21:18 <Laney> I actually think it is a great example of how Canonical and Ubuntu can work together, so it seems a little strange to me to see that it is desirable to make it a "part of Ubuntu", whatever that means

 21:21:26 <ajmitch> how does this differ from the commercial apps queue on developer.ubuntu.com now?

 21:21:32 <sabdfl> Laney, you get to the heart of my point

 21:21:38 <pitti> I'd just object against trying to crowbar partner into the ubuntu packaging/freeze/SRU policies, that's IMHO not going to fly

 21:21:46 <sabdfl> pitti, agreed

 21:22:07 <pitti> it seems much closer to extras.ubuntu.com to me

 21:22:13 <sabdfl> we have the same core issues with restricted and multiverse, though

 21:22:22 <sabdfl> i don't really know extras.u.c, tbh

 21:22:25 <popey> partner is not a lot different from any one of a number of PPAs we already have out there, it's just more integrated into USC

 21:22:25 <mdz> restricted and multiverse differ only in licensing

 21:22:35 <mdz> the rest of Ubuntu's policies and processes still apply

 21:22:38 <sabdfl> is that the ARB repo?

 21:23:04 <pitti> sabdfl: yes, that one

 21:23:11 <Laney> I'm not sure how the paid apps are delivered thusly

 21:23:14 <pitti> sabdfl: i. e. post-release apps added to s-c by third party devs

 21:23:23 <sabdfl> mdz, agreed, though i think 'integrated in the USC' is tantamount to 'we've put our stamp on it'

 21:23:30 <tumbleweed> sticking my nose in, the issue I raised in the private discussion was: Are we happy with an Ubuntu remix that dosen't have the "freedom to share it with anyone you like"?

 21:23:44 <sabdfl> so, perhaps belatedly, we should figure out how to do that to a standard that matches the stamp :)

 21:24:07 <pitti> tumbleweed: right, I think that question comes closest to the definition side of the word, and is very much unrelated to policies, upload privs, etc.

 21:24:24 <sabdfl> tumbleweed, hence remix, not edition, for sure

 21:24:29 <Laney> that is the second question I asked

 21:24:36 <beuno> I've had that email parked for reply for a while now, and I can't really see how this would be much different than what we have been doing up to now

 21:24:45 <pitti> #link https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ExtensionRepositoryPolicy

 21:24:53 <mdz> sabdfl, we present software to users in various ways, but it doesn't always mean the same thing

 21:24:56 <beuno> it's just a change in the way it's delivered

 21:25:04 <sabdfl> by way of background, the team originally did it as a derivative, tentatively called the Canonical Business Desktop, to which there were objections that it would set us on a course of having 'special bits'

 21:25:12 <sabdfl> which is definitely not a course we want to set

 21:25:12 <mdz> e.g. Ubuntu downloads third party software from various sources, which we enable, but on a kind of as-is basis

 21:25:18 <sabdfl> i asked that it be redone, as a pure remix

 21:25:21 <mdz> plugins, printer drivers, and the like

 21:25:32 <sabdfl> thinking that there would be far fewer objections to that, since anyone can do a remix

 21:25:57 <mdz> but this seems to be more a question of governance than of user experience or messaging

 21:26:00 <pitti> sabdfl: my question to this would be: do we want to allow anyone else than C to create a remix that includes partner, and perhaps even extras.u.c., and call it "Ubuntu"?

 21:26:09 <mdz> if the question is, who governs partner, the answer is unquestionably Canonical and not Ubuntu

 21:26:22 <soren> pitti: We can't, can we?

 21:26:25 <pitti> sabdfl: or should that be more like a Canonical prerogative/project?

 21:26:30 <sabdfl> pitti, i would have no objection

 21:26:38 <sabdfl> they would need distribution rights to the bits

 21:26:39 <mdz> soren, Canonical may be able to, but Ubuntu cannot

 21:26:41 <soren> pitti: Stuff in partner may only be distributable by Canonical.

 21:26:41 <mdz> depending on the terms

 21:26:47 <Laney> to me the word "remix" really doesn't imply endorsement from the project

 21:26:48 <soren> mdz: Exactly.

 21:26:50 <sabdfl> but we would not assert special rights to the parts we do, i.e. the packaging

 21:26:52 <pitti> sabdfl: right, I mean in the category of TM compliance/violation

 21:26:55 <Laney> quite the contrary infact

 21:27:27 <pitti> no, but in order to call it Ubuntu you need to satisfy the trademark restrictions

 21:27:29 <sabdfl> mdz, can you clarify why Ubuntu cannot?

 21:27:37 <sabdfl> in some senses, i understand

 21:27:47 <sabdfl> ubuntu can't countersign a license with the ISV

 21:27:55 <pitti> so if sabdfl wants "Ubuntu" to encompass partner, I see no reason to object

 21:28:22 <sabdfl> but in other senses, it can, in that we could ask TB to take a view on challenges presented in the packaging, for example

 21:28:37 <pitti> (again, only under a trademark POV; sorting out licenses is the business of the creator of that remix, of course)

 21:29:57 <sabdfl> pitti, if we consider partner as part of ubuntu, then vmware could use the package in there to do an Ubuntu VMWare Client Remix

 21:30:01 <Laney> http://www.ubuntu.com/aboutus/trademarkpolicy: "In general, a Remix can have applications from the Ubuntu archives added, or default applications removed, but removing or changing any infrastructure components (e.g., shared libraries or desktop components) will result in changes too large for the resulting product to be called by a Trademark"

 21:30:05 <sabdfl> and users would get exactly what they expect

 21:30:09 <sabdfl> same for, say, Citrix

 21:30:19 <pitti> sabdfl: yes, that was sort of my question, whether you would like the Ubuntu TM policy to allow that

 21:30:29 <soren> Shall we formally move on to the remix subject?

 21:30:34 <sabdfl> pitti, yes. that's what I *thought* it already said :)

 21:30:37 <pitti> because at that point it would go pretty far from "free/libre OS"

 21:30:48 <sabdfl> pitti, remixes can already include all of multiverse

 21:31:01 <pitti> sabdfl: right, it just seems rather counter-intuitive to us long-term ubuntu devs, so that takes a while to settle

 21:31:02 <soren> #topic Should the Ubuntu remix policy be relaxed to allow the use of non-Ubuntu components in remixes?

 21:31:05 <kees> I have trouble seeing how software that cannot be redistrubted by anyone but Canonical should be considered "part of Ubuntu".

 21:31:05 <soren> (calling it like it is)

 21:31:17 <micahg> multiverse is at least freely redistributable, just not necessarily modifyable

 21:31:38 <sabdfl> kees, separate distribution from redistribution

 21:31:48 <sabdfl> you can get permission to distribute anything in there, if you want it

 21:31:50 <sabdfl> then remix it

 21:32:09 <sabdfl> that's not something canonical forces, nor that ubuntu forces, it's a reality we need to deal with

 21:32:42 <sabdfl> we're having this conversation because i'd prefer that you *can* make a remix that has those bits in, rather than having Canonical be the only company which can do so

 21:33:26 <soren> What does "can" mean in this context?

 21:33:35 <sabdfl> again, a remix is in my mind what you can get to, or back from, using standard package management

 21:33:41 <kees> right, I'd like these remixes to be flexible. if a mirror can't be a mirror without seeking some sort of additional permissions, I don't think that should be under the Ubuntu umbrella.

 21:33:43 <sabdfl> which isn't *exactly* the same as USC, but close enough

 21:33:55 <sabdfl> kees, there we differ

 21:34:01 <sabdfl> mirrors can mirror what they can mirror

 21:34:11 <greg-g> soren: "can" if you go get the separate licensing agreements from the companies that Canonical has, no garauntee that you will.

 21:34:35 <sabdfl> Ubuntu should facilitate that, yes, but not penalise users because there are some bits which cannot be mirrored

 21:34:59 <sabdfl> greg-g, there are few guarantees of anything in life, beyond mortality ;)

 21:35:02 <micahg> partner licensing wouldn't affect a -desktop package in the archive that recommends partner apps

 21:35:11 <soren> greg-g: In that case the limitation on "can" must refer to "being allowed to name it 'ubuntu' something"?

 21:35:16 <kees> I don't ever want to see "I provided an Ubuntu mirror and Xyz Corp sued me"

 21:35:37 <sabdfl> kees, agreed. which is why we have a place for non-mirrorable bits

 21:35:47 <sabdfl> *must* have a place for non-mirrorable place

 21:35:49 <sabdfl> erk

 21:35:49 <sabdfl> bits

 21:36:11 <sabdfl> and why that place can't easily be in the archive / components / pockets

 21:36:57 <sabdfl> so, again, we promote those bits in the software centre; we implicitly stand by them

 21:37:13 <sabdfl> and if the TB thinks that the implementation is stinky, we should figure out how to address that

 21:37:32 <sabdfl> i make no claims of non-stinkiness, especially for old packages in partner

 21:37:37 <pitti> the TB actually did discuss and eventually approve https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ExtensionRepositoryPolicy

 21:38:06 <pitti> so as long as pacakges satisfy that minimal standard (both partner and ARB alike), there is a certain confidence that users can put into them

 21:38:15 * kees nods

 21:38:16 <sabdfl> right

 21:38:18 <Laney> Can't we just allow remixes to include packages from extension repositories, and specify some way by which non-redistributility is to be indicated

 21:38:19 <sabdfl> that's very useful

 21:38:22 <Laney> ?

 21:38:41 <pitti> that's one point where Ubuntu institutions (TB in that case) can influence e. g. Partner

 21:38:56 <pitti> without totally pulling it under Ubuntu governance

 21:39:06 <pitti> sorry, "ubuntu" from a developer's POV here

 21:39:10 <pitti> (terminology...)

 21:39:35 <sabdfl> hmm... that looks like the TB has outlined a framework, within which those archives need to operate

 21:39:58 <sabdfl> so the task at hand is to make sure that partner (and the others) meet that standard

 21:40:02 <sabdfl> which i'm confident we can do

 21:40:12 <pitti> let's say it's a set of requirements that aims to say what a third-party package must look like to work on, and not break, the Ubuntu OS underneath it

 21:40:15 <sabdfl> the guys currently figuring this out are very good - mvo & co

 21:40:23 <mdz> sabdfl, (sorry, had to step away from my desk)

 21:40:29 <Laney> So (a) the TB can designate repositories to be extension repositories and (b) remixes can include sources from these so long as the repositories are following the policy

 21:40:50 <pitti> I'm not sure to what extend (B) can be enforced

 21:40:52 <mdz> I was saying that Ubuntu could not, without specific permission from Canonical and/or the original rights holder, remix with partner

 21:40:56 <sabdfl> and really, i'd like to ask the TB to trust them, and work with them, to do it right, even if the task isn't as much fresh air as, say, figuring out multiarch :)

 21:41:12 <Laney> well, the TB can take a look if concerns are raised to it

 21:41:16 <sabdfl> mdz, ok

 21:41:24 <mdz> that's the point, isn't it? that the software can't be distributed by Ubuntu, otherwise it would be in the Ubuntu repositories

 21:41:53 <ajmitch> Laney: that would exclude most PPAs without TB involvement?

 21:41:57 <sabdfl> if Canonical grants that right, under the remix guidelines which are essentially a wide trademark license subject to the constraint of using packages from those archives

 21:42:06 <Laney> correct, remixes can't have these anyway

 21:42:24 <sabdfl> then, it is only a matter for the ISV and the person doing the remix

 21:42:46 <sabdfl> PPA's can't go into remixes, because the namespace is not managed

 21:42:56 <sabdfl> a ppa package can overwrite a normal package

 21:42:59 <sabdfl> that would be a derivative

 21:43:32 <Laney> and (c) If a remix includes a non-freely-redistrutable component then it must indicate in some to-be-defined way the presence of this so that people wishing to mirror or derive know that they must seek additional licenses

 21:43:34 <sabdfl> to me, https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ExtensionRepositoryPolicy suggests we've already answered this question, setting standards for those archives

 21:43:49 <pitti> right, the extras policy avoids that possibility of overwriting

 21:44:00 <sabdfl> Laney, we don't publish the remix in a way that standard mirroring would pick it up

 21:44:06 <sabdfl> so as to avoid inadvertent issues for the mirrors

 21:44:19 <Laney> sabdfl: right, any mirroring

 21:44:29 <sabdfl> you could warez it, but there wouldn't be much point :)

 21:44:39 <Laney> just something that people working with these remixes need to be aware of

 21:44:45 <pitti> right, I wouldn't like these to be on cdimage.u.c. or releases.u.c. anywhere

 21:44:52 <soren> We seem to be converging. Anyone care to sum up? Laney?

 21:44:55 <pitti> for the same reason why archive.c.c shouldn't be

 21:45:14 <pitti> (expectancy that *.ubuntu.com is redistributable and mostly FOSS, as www.u.c. advertises)

 21:45:16 <Laney> soren: I gave my (a) (b) and (c) that I think would be reasonable

 21:45:23 <sabdfl> pitti, right, they can't be on those sites, because of mirroring

 21:45:31 <Laney> you guys should decide what you think about that, or something else

 21:45:36 <sabdfl> Laney, (a) bug reports, (b) packaging patches, (c) ?

 21:45:49 <Laney> no, those are just nice wishlists for partner to have (although a is done)

 21:46:00 <pitti> so for Laney's (a), I don't think the TB should "designate" extension repos

 21:46:01 <soren> So (a) the TB can designate repositories to be extension repositories and (b) remixes can include sources from these so long as the repositories are following the policy (c) If a remix includes a non-freely-redistrutable component then it must indicate in some to-be-defined way the presence of this so that people wishing to mirror or  derive know that they must seek additional licenses

 21:46:07 <sabdfl> ah

 21:46:23 <Laney> I don't know what is currently done

 21:46:23 <pitti> Laney: I'd like to modify your (a) to say "TB can define what an extension repo must look like"

 21:46:29 <sabdfl> any mirror needs to satisfy themselves as to (c) as good practice

 21:46:43 <Laney> did you say "extras is an extension reposotory" when that was created?

 21:47:10 <Laney> the list of three repositories in the first paragraph of ExtensionRepositoryPolicy

 21:47:13 <pitti> yes, unlike partner we had that policy discussion before extras.u.c. was opened

 21:47:38 <Laney> "This policy applies to software published through one of the extension repositories Extras, Partner, and Commercial"

 21:47:49 <Laney> so I guess you already have (a)

 21:48:08 <soren> Lovely.

 21:48:19 <pitti> right; I (mis?)understood "designate" as "actively bless"

 21:48:37 <pitti> "define" would perhaps be clearer

 21:48:44 <Laney> I am saying that there is a canonical list of extension repositories, and that Ubuntu Remixes can include packages from those.

 21:48:59 <wendar> pitti: aye, or "recognize"

 21:49:00 <soren> Ok, so shall we move to vote on: "Remixes can include sources from these so long as the repositories are following ExtensionRepositoryPolicy"?

 21:49:20 <soren> (running low on time)

 21:49:27 <sabdfl> +1

 21:49:37 <soren> #vote Remixes can include sources from these so long as the repositories are following ExtensionRepositoryPolicy

 21:49:37 <meetingology> Please vote on: Remixes can include sources from these so long as the repositories are following ExtensionRepositoryPolicy

 21:49:37 <meetingology> Public votes can be registered by saying +1, +0 or -1 in channel, (private votes don't work yet, but when they do it will be by messaging the channel followed by +1/-1/+0 to me)

 21:49:44 <sabdfl> +1

 21:49:44 <meetingology> +1 received from sabdfl

 21:49:48 <Laney> these â†’ extension repositories as defined in https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ExtensionRepositoryPolicy

 21:49:56 <Laney> s/defined/your btetter word/

 21:50:28 <mdz> soren, sorry, what does "these" refer to specifically?

 21:50:32 <pitti> "these" == extras, partner, commercial ?

 21:50:39 <pitti> i. e. a specific subset?

 21:50:50 <pitti> it seems a bit lax to say "any archive which adheres to above policy

 21:50:52 <Laney> I think it should be dynamic and refer to the wiki page, so it's easily updated.

 21:50:54 <pitti> then "Ubuntu" would be quite meaningless

 21:51:02 <Laney> The wiki page should be the canonical list of extension repositories

 21:51:12 <soren> Sorry, I skimmed that page and thought it gave a list.

 21:51:14 <Laney> modified only by decision of the TB

 21:51:17 <Laney> it does

 21:51:18 <pitti> if "these" == "list on above wiki page", it sounds fine to me

 21:51:36 <wendar> sensible that any new repositories that what to be recognized would approach the TB to be added to that page.

 21:51:49 <soren> Oh, yes, it does.

 21:51:57 <sabdfl> +1 to requiring TB approval

 21:51:57 <meetingology> +1 to requiring TB approval received from sabdfl

 21:52:06 <stgraber> +1 [Remixes can include packages from the extension repositories listed on https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ExtensionRepositoryPolicy (additions to that list need to be approved by the TB)]

 21:52:06 <meetingology> +1 [Remixes can include packages from the extension repositories listed on https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ExtensionRepositoryPolicy (additions to that list need to be approved by the TB)] received from stgraber

 21:52:14 <pitti> +1 then

 21:52:14 <meetingology> +1 then received from pitti

 21:52:24 <gekker> thank you gentlemen of the board, this is very good guidance

 21:52:29 <soren> +1

 21:52:29 <meetingology> +1 received from soren

 21:52:31 <pitti> (based on sabdfl's +1, as I think it's pretty much his choice what "ubuntu" is :) )

 21:52:31 <mdz> +1, what stgraber said

 21:52:31 <meetingology> +1, what stgraber said received from mdz

 21:52:46 * pitti wonders how meetingology adds these up

 21:52:53 * soren lost count

 21:52:59 <soren> kees?

 21:53:08 <kees> +1

 21:53:08 <meetingology> +1 received from kees

 21:53:14 <soren> #endvote

 21:53:14 <meetingology> Voting ended on: Remixes can include sources from these so long as the repositories are following ExtensionRepositoryPolicy

 21:53:14 <meetingology> Votes for:6 Votes against:0 Abstentions:0

 21:53:14 <meetingology> Motion carried

 21:53:19 <soren> Yay.

 21:53:30 <micahg> pitti: I'd guess by an abacus on the backend :)

 21:53:37 <soren> #topic Review copyright file placement for Ubuntu ARB apps (currently installed under /opt, should probably be under the usual location).

 21:53:46 <soren> highvoltage: .

 21:53:58 <highvoltage> right!

 21:54:16 <sabdfl> i should say thanks to the TB retroactively for the extension repo policy, it's very clear and addresses this nicely

 21:54:19 <highvoltage> ARB apps currently require that the copyright file is installed under /opt

 21:54:31 <Laney> (I think the remix trademark policy needs to specify some standard for documenting non-freely-redistrutable stuff, but maybe I'll take it to list)

 21:54:46 <Laney> (good decision, thanks)

 21:54:49 <highvoltage> imho there's very little reason why it can't go under /usr/share/doc/$packagename like all the other packages

 21:55:09 <pitti> also, a link to the "Ubuntu" trademark policy couldn't hurt, whereever that lives these days

 21:55:23 <mdz> highvoltage, refresh my memory please, is $packagename already required to be non-overlapping with Ubuntu proper?

 21:55:27 <ajmitch> the package name is going to have to be unique

 21:55:27 <highvoltage> (should I hold on a bit longer for the remix discussions?)

 21:55:28 <stgraber> right, /usr/share/doc/<package name> is already namespaced, so there can't be conflict between ARB and regular package there as otherwise you'd have a package name conflict too

 21:55:30 <Laney> someone needs an action to get the trademark policy fixed

 21:55:30 <pitti> mdz: yes

 21:55:35 <Laney> sorry, /me goes awy

 21:55:37 <highvoltage> mdz: yes

 21:55:41 <mdz> I don't see a problem with it then

 21:56:03 <soren> mdz: Even if not, there couldn't possible be overlap on individual systems.

 21:56:13 <soren> *possibly

 21:56:18 <pitti> mdz: in fact, that's the first requirement

 21:56:29 <stgraber> it's really just a small clarification to the ARB policy I asked highvoltage to send to the TB for approval anyway. I didn't think it'd be covered by the generic namespace exception I proposed a few meetings ago

 21:56:31 <kees> seems fine, almost better, to have it in /usr/hsare/doc/$pkg

 21:56:38 <highvoltage> I think it would be good to have it somewhere predictable, and if someone wants to use some auditing tools for licensing (even if it's toy ones like the rms script) then at least it will still work

 21:56:43 <pitti> kees: hm, I disagree

 21:56:59 <pitti> if the whole package lives in /opt/<name>, so should the doc and copyright IMHO

 21:57:07 <pitti> but I don't have a strong opinion either way

 21:57:11 <stgraber> I also think it's going to possibly fix a few tools expecting to find the changelog/copyright file in /usr/share/doc/<package> and not /opt/extras.ubuntu.com/<package>/doc/

 21:57:47 <soren> I think /usr/share/doc makes sense. I like the assumption that any package dpkg knows about has its copyright file in the same place.

 21:58:08 <highvoltage> (I don't have much more to say on the issue)

 21:58:13 <ajmitch> shoudl an exception apply to anything under /usr/share/doc/package, or just copyright/changelog?

 21:58:19 <kees> pitti: there isn't a need to keep the contents isolated to a single root path because we have a package manager. putting things in /opt keeps it out of PATH if needed. re-using the common documentation path seems correct to me.

 21:58:32 <pitti> kees: ok, fair enough

 21:58:45 <soren> Does anyone want further discussion, or should we vote?

 21:58:48 <stgraber> ajmitch: I'd go with anything usually found under /usr/share/doc/<package>, I definitely don't want apps to start putting non-standard stuff there

 21:59:13 <stgraber> ajmitch: so having changelog, copyright, upstream changelog, possibly some examples sounds reasonable, anything else definitely shouldn't (as it shouldn't in the archive anyway)

 21:59:19 <ajmitch> stgraber: right, I'm just thinking of the usual README & example files

 21:59:20 <pitti> soren: nothing from me

 21:59:41 <soren> #vote Copyright files for ARB apps should reside in /usr/share/doc/<packagename>/copyright even though the rest of the package's files are in /opt

 21:59:41 <meetingology> Please vote on: Copyright files for ARB apps should reside in /usr/share/doc/<packagename>/copyright even though the rest of the package's files are in /opt

 21:59:41 <meetingology> Public votes can be registered by saying +1, +0 or -1 in channel, (private votes don't work yet, but when they do it will be by messaging the channel followed by +1/-1/+0 to me)

 21:59:48 <kees> +1

 21:59:48 <meetingology> +1 received from kees

 21:59:50 <soren> +1

 21:59:50 <meetingology> +1 received from soren

 21:59:56 <pitti> 0

 21:59:56 <meetingology> 0 received from pitti

 22:00:03 <mdz> +1

 22:00:03 <meetingology> +1 received from mdz

 22:00:20 <mdz> pitti, nice that meetingology understands that zero is unsigned :-)

 22:00:26 <soren> stgraber: ?

 22:00:31 <stgraber> +1 [applies to any file in /usr/share/doc/<package name>/ that'd normally be allowed in the archive, that's at least changelog, copyright, upstream changelog, possibly some readme and examples]

 22:00:31 <meetingology> +1 [applies to any file in /usr/share/doc/<package name>/ that'd normally be allowed in the archive, that's at least changelog, copyright, upstream changelog, possibly some readme and examples] received from stgraber

 22:00:32 <pitti> mdz: yes, I refuse to say "plus zero" :)

 22:01:00 <pitti> 0~

 22:01:00 <meetingology> 0~ received from pitti

 22:01:03 <soren> #endvote

 22:01:03 <meetingology> Voting ended on: Copyright files for ARB apps should reside in /usr/share/doc/<packagename>/copyright even though the rest of the package's files are in /opt

 22:01:03 <meetingology> Votes for:4 Votes against:0 Abstentions:1

 22:01:03 <meetingology> Motion carried

 22:01:05 <pitti> . o O { meetingology hacking }

 22:01:11 <soren> Laney raised a good point: Someone needs an action item to adjust the trademark policy for the remixes. Who can do that?

 22:01:36 <sabdfl> you mean fix the website, or draft the text?

 22:01:47 <sabdfl> i can get the policy amended, especially if you have specific text to add

 22:01:56 <sabdfl> and can get it on the website, given the URL to amend

 22:02:06 <sabdfl> thanks all

 22:02:11 <soren> Draft the text, I guess. Getting it changed should be a matter of filing a bug and waiting :)

 22:02:26 <sabdfl> let's go with Laney's amended text?

 22:02:43 <Laney> I didn't suggest precise wording, but I think I'm going to work with wendar on this

 22:02:53 <Laney> We'll CC the TB

 22:02:54 <sabdfl> ok, feel free to CC me

 22:02:56 <sabdfl> ok

 22:03:06 <soren> #action Laney and wendar to get trademark policy updated wrt remixes

 22:03:06 * meetingology Laney and wendar to get trademark policy updated wrt remixes

 22:03:11 <soren> AOB real quick? Chair for next meeting?

 22:03:18 <soren> #topic AOB

 22:03:50 <pitti> lexicographically that would be stgraber?

 22:03:59 <soren> WEll, he filled in for me last time.

 22:04:06 <soren> So Colin's next, I guess.

 22:04:10 <pitti> so, back to the top then, Colin?

 22:04:25 <soren> Alright, then.

 22:04:41 <soren> Ok, great. Thanks everyone, and sorry it ran late.

 22:04:51 <stgraber> thanks!

 22:04:54 <soren> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)