#title #ubuntu-meeting Meeting

Meeting started by czajkowski at 17:02:35 UTC.  The full logs are
available at
http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2012/ubuntu-meeting.2012-01-05-17.02.log.html
.



== Meeting summary ==

''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/CommunityCouncilAgenda   (czajkowski, 17:02:56)
 *review actions from last meeting
''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/CommunityCouncil/TeamReports/Current   (czajkowski, 17:04:51)
''LINK:'' http://paste.ubuntu.com/793936/   (YokoZar, 17:08:15)
''ACTION:'' pleia2 to contact the mailing lists and let them know the lists being closed after that as inactive  (czajkowski, 17:15:45)
''ACTION:'' pleia2 to blog process for UWN and Fridge  (czajkowski, 17:17:24)

 *Forums Catch up
''ACTION:'' Joeb454 to mail czajkowski with RT numbers  (czajkowski, 17:44:59)
''ACTION:'' czajkowski follow up with IS re  FC tickets  (czajkowski, 17:45:11)

 *AOB



Meeting ended at 17:47:41 UTC.



== Votes ==




== Action items ==

 * pleia2 to contact the mailing lists and let them know the lists being closed after that as inactive
 * pleia2 to blog process for UWN and Fridge
 * Joeb454 to mail czajkowski with RT numbers
 * czajkowski follow up with IS re  FC tickets



== Action items, by person ==

 * czajkowski
 ** Joeb454 to mail czajkowski with RT numbers
 ** czajkowski follow up with IS re  FC tickets
 * Joeb454
 ** Joeb454 to mail czajkowski with RT numbers
 * pleia2
 ** pleia2 to contact the mailing lists and let them know the lists being closed after that as inactive
 ** pleia2 to blog process for UWN and Fridge



== People present (lines said) ==

 * czajkowski (66)
 * Joeb454 (36)
 * sabdfl (18)
 * pleia2 (14)
 * YokoZar (13)
 * beuno (7)
 * meetingology (7)
 * akgraner (6)
 * Gwaihir (1)



== Full Log ==


 17:02:35 <czajkowski> #startmeeting

 17:02:35 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Jan  5 17:02:35 2012 UTC.  The chair is czajkowski. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/AlanBell/mootbot.

 17:02:35 <meetingology> 

 17:02:35 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 17:02:42 <pleia2> o/

 17:02:46 <czajkowski> welcome to the 1st meeting of the new year for the CC

 17:02:56 <czajkowski> #link https://wiki.ubuntu.com/CommunityCouncilAgenda

 17:03:08 <czajkowski> rather empty agenda

 17:03:26 <czajkowski> Joeb454: ping

 17:03:51 <czajkowski> I did email the forums council after the last meeting and reinvite them, which they discussed at their meeting and said Joeb454 would attend

 17:04:34 <czajkowski> #topic review actions from last meeting

 17:04:51 <czajkowski> #link https://wiki.ubuntu.com/CommunityCouncil/TeamReports/Current

 17:05:09 <czajkowski> YokoZar: how are we on the mailing list issues?

 17:05:33 <YokoZar> czajkowski: We've got a list of easy candidates to remove

 17:05:44 <YokoZar> Let me dig up the pad link...

 17:07:47 <YokoZar> So there were about 20 or so that should be non-controversial closes

 17:07:51 <Joeb454> czajkowski: hello

 17:08:06 <Joeb454> sorry, still stuck at ork

 17:08:11 <Joeb454> work*

 17:08:14 <czajkowski> YokoZar: so should we create a ticket to get them closed ?

 17:08:15 <YokoZar> http://paste.ubuntu.com/793936/

 17:08:28 <czajkowski> Joeb454: great we'll get to you in a few if that's ok

 17:08:32 <Joeb454> no problem

 17:08:37 <YokoZar> Yeah, everything in that list I think, except ubuntu-mozillateam

 17:08:47 <czajkowski> ok I'll get a ticket created for those lists

 17:08:51 <sabdfl> hi folks, sorry to be tardy

 17:09:00 <czajkowski> if everyone is ok with that

 17:09:15 <YokoZar> micahg: any comment on the ubuntu-mozillateam list?

 17:09:17 <beuno> czajkowski, yeap, sounds like a good idea

 17:09:32 <pleia2> weren't we going to email the list owner before shutting them down?

 17:09:46 <pleia2> I know teams like -screencasts have sort of been struggling to stay alive over the years

 17:10:33 <czajkowski> pleia2: that was discussed but nobody say it was going to be done or not done, but seeing as many of the oweners are long gone does seem to drag the process out

 17:10:39 <YokoZar> czajkowski: in the ticket also mention that they should be marked as (closed) and moved to the bottom of the lists.ubuntu.com page

 17:10:45 <czajkowski> YokoZar: nods

 17:10:58 <pleia2> "Once inactive lists are identified, the team owner and list admins will be notified, RT ticket submitted"

 17:11:02 <pleia2> ^^ from our last meeting

 17:11:21 <pleia2> so I thought this would be a process, not just immediate shut down

 17:11:38 <pleia2> there isn't really a reason to rush things, email list admins, wait two weeks, email rt

 17:11:42 <czajkowski> ok does someone want to contact the admins of those teams

 17:11:46 <YokoZar> pleia2: That was before we realized that just about every item in the list hadn't had posts in over a year

 17:12:09 <czajkowski> some 2007 and 2008

 17:12:38 <YokoZar> pleia2: But I don't have any objections on principle or anything, if you can even figure out who to contact

 17:12:54 <pleia2> I can send emails to the people publically listed as admins on each list

 17:13:42 <pleia2> that would be "$foo list run by $bar" at the bottom of the info page

 17:13:49 <YokoZar> personally I'm inclined to close it even if they reply they want it open since we already have a ton of evidence it doesn't seem to be particularly useful

 17:14:29 <czajkowski> Gwaihir: beuno akgraner sabdfl thoughts ?

 17:14:33 <akgraner> The kernel one I know can be closed - I asked Pete about it a week or so ago and he said close it

 17:14:38 <pleia2> restoring deleted mailman lists is not fun, I wouldn't want to put IS through that, particularly since I don't know why we're rushing anyway (these lists have been dead for a long time)

 17:14:53 <pleia2> just give me two weeks ;)

 17:15:12 <sabdfl> +1 on the two weeks

 17:15:12 <akgraner> +1 on pleia2 suggestion

 17:15:18 <sabdfl> then let's nuke 'em

 17:15:19 <czajkowski> ok

 17:15:23 <sabdfl> no restoration

 17:15:28 <beuno> sure

 17:15:38 <pleia2> I'll get the emails out tonight

 17:15:45 <czajkowski> #action pleia2 to contact the mailing lists and let them know the lists being closed after that as inactive

 17:15:45 * meetingology pleia2 to contact the mailing lists and let them know the lists being closed after that as inactive

 17:15:50 <czajkowski> and then i'll do the RT

 17:15:52 <czajkowski> cool

 17:16:15 <czajkowski> akgraner: from the last meeting action item akgraner to blog process for UWN and Fridge

 17:16:27 <akgraner> eek - I'll do that today :-)

 17:16:48 <czajkowski> ok

 17:16:48 <pleia2> since I'm the one sending the emails out I'd be happy to do that

 17:16:56 <pleia2> I can include the text I'm sending

 17:17:08 <akgraner> pleia2, great then I hand it off to you

 17:17:23 <akgraner> with a huge Thank you!

 17:17:24 <czajkowski> #action pleia2 to blog process for UWN and Fridge

 17:17:24 * meetingology pleia2 to blog process for UWN and Fridge

 17:17:35 <YokoZar> There is a technical difference between deleted and closed here, yes?

 17:17:41 <czajkowski> ok anything else to review before we move on folks

 17:18:02 <czajkowski> ok

 17:18:12 <czajkowski> #topic Forums Catch up

 17:18:19 <czajkowski> Joeb454: thanks for coming along to this

 17:18:31 <czajkowski> Joeb454: is there anyone else from the FC here with you ?

 17:18:35 <Joeb454> no problem. I know jdong said he'd try and come along too

 17:18:51 <Joeb454> it's generally a bad time for most of the FC though, due to timezones and work I guess

 17:19:18 <czajkowski> Joeb454: nods we do appreciate it. This came up at UDS and we're going to talk to all the councils and boards to check in and see how things are doing

 17:19:19 <Joeb454> s.fox and bodhi.zazen have said they can't make it because of those reasons too

 17:19:36 <czajkowski> so care to tell us about the FC and how things are going , I know I saw a request come in there before xmas from ye guys

 17:20:35 <Joeb454> as far as I can tell, things are going ok. I think all of us need to be a little more aware of what responsibilities we have etc, like the mailing list for example (there were 9 requests to do yesterday)

 17:21:16 <Joeb454> I appreciate the time of year probably hasn't helped with that though, but it's a discussion point I'll bring up with the rest of the FC at some point in the not-too-distant future

 17:21:57 <Joeb454> the upgrade process is ongoing (which is the request you probably saw). We're in touch with Canonical IS now, but there's the old issue of "who's responsible for what" which we're just trying to iron out now

 17:23:00 <czajkowski> Joeb454: with regards to the ml moderation, I know personaly it can eat up time, have you thought about adding all of the council on as amdins to help with the load, so it doesnt build up

 17:23:57 <Joeb454> I think all the council are admins, they certainly used to be, but I'll double check that one though :)

 17:24:23 <sabdfl> is the upgrade particularly difficult?

 17:24:29 <czajkowski> It may be one way to stop it falling on one person and just remind people to check it

 17:24:48 <sabdfl> i believe there may be a blocking issue on OpenID, or does the newer version already support it?

 17:24:55 <sabdfl> i thought we paid for that support to be added?

 17:25:31 <Joeb454> sabdfl: I don't know about that. The blocker is OpenID, but we need to find out how many people use it really to determine whether it's something we can break temporarily to get the upgrade done

 17:26:16 <Joeb454> I don't want to remove the functionality, but at the same time, the software is getting quite old now, I'm not sure they do security updates for our version anymore

 17:26:48 <czajkowski> Joeb454: whats the rt ticket number ?

 17:26:59 <Joeb454> czajkowski: for the upgrade, or for openID?

 17:27:12 <czajkowski> may as well take both and go talk to the nice folks in IS

 17:27:44 <Joeb454> I'm not sure what they are, I'll try and find them now, but if not I'll look later and send them to the CC

 17:27:47 <sabdfl> i really don't want to regress

 17:27:57 <sabdfl> afaiac we should use openid exclusively

 17:28:13 <sabdfl> any ubuntu user on any site should have one and only one password across the whole lot

 17:28:18 <sabdfl> this is 2012 :-)

 17:28:18 <czajkowski> Joeb454: ok thanks if you poke me I'll chase up on them and then follow up with the CC

 17:28:27 <czajkowski> sabdfl: +1

 17:28:34 <Joeb454> sabdfl: agreed, I'd like to use the SSO as well

 17:28:36 <sabdfl> i'd like to shut down old passwords and provide a mechanism for folk to activate openid

 17:28:57 <sabdfl> ok. all the mechanisms we use are open, why not call for help from the community to close that gap

 17:29:04 <sabdfl> i'll get the upgrade done as a priority if that's done

 17:29:20 <Joeb454> I'm not sure how easy that is, there'd be a lot of legacy users that don't use openID, so we'd need to provide a way to get them migrated to the new system if they suddenly decide to login

 17:29:58 <czajkowski> Joeb454: when you say a lot, how many is that roughly?

 17:30:04 <czajkowski> or is it possible to know ?

 17:30:21 <beuno> AFAIK, it was in the tens of thousands

 17:30:29 <czajkowski> :o

 17:30:33 <Joeb454> czajkowski: I haven't a clue. It might be possible to do a SQL query on the DB, but I don't have access to that. It'll be a fairly big number though

 17:30:52 <Joeb454> I've associated my account with SSO, but don't use it. The previous implementation didn't seem to like keeping people logged in

 17:31:10 <czajkowski> that is a bit of a bug

 17:31:24 <Joeb454> yeah I think that was what stopped quite a few people using it

 17:31:58 <Joeb454> we'd also need to consider the people that are signed into SSO and then visit the forums, we'd need to prompt them to create a profile if they don't already have one

 17:32:15 <Joeb454> [17:28] < sabdfl> i'd like to shut down old passwords and provide a mechanism for folk to activate openid

 17:32:18 <Joeb454> [17:28] < sabdfl> ok. all the mechanisms we use are open, why not call for help from the

 17:32:20 <czajkowski> a lot of kinks need working out

 17:32:21 <Joeb454> community to close that gap

 17:32:23 <Joeb454> [17:29] < sabdfl> i'll get the upgrade done as a priority if that's done

 17:32:26 <Joeb454> oops, sorry

 17:32:32 <Joeb454> czajkowski: definitely

 17:32:56 <czajkowski> Joeb454: and ask sabdfl has said, do you have community folks on the forums willing to help make this happen ?

 17:33:42 <Joeb454> I can put out a request for anybody to help get SSO implemented, but then how would we get them access to the test environment/vbulletin code etc.

 17:35:57 <czajkowski> I'm sure we could get something worked out, given we get the loco team portal updated by folks

 17:36:06 <czajkowski> but the hows and whens I'm unsure of

 17:37:32 <czajkowski> Joeb454: any other comments regarding the FC, enough members ?

 17:38:26 <Joeb454> other than my initial comments, I don't have any issues. Some members are quieter than others, which is to be expected anyway

 17:39:06 <czajkowski> Joeb454: do ye have regular meetings? does everyone take part?

 17:40:06 <Joeb454> we're trying to get into more regular meetings again, but the lack of agenda items makes them a little difficult to plan properly. We're making progress with it though

 17:40:45 <czajkowski> Joeb454: yes i can understand the no agenda so no meeting, however getting into the habit of turning up and planning things is a good idea tbh.

 17:41:07 <czajkowski> shows activeity and in future makes getting folks onto a council easier by showing what ye do and when

 17:41:19 <czajkowski> just a thought :)

 17:41:27 <Joeb454> definitely. As I said, we're making progress and getting back into it. I don't think we had meetings for a while (certainly before I joined the council anyway)

 17:42:04 <czajkowski> ok well thanks for keeping us up to date

 17:42:13 <czajkowski> if we cna help in any other way please let us know.

 17:42:16 <Joeb454> as for taking part, I think I mentioned above, some more than others, but I have an email floating around in my head that will be making its way to the FC soon anyway (I've been guilty of not doing as much as I feel I should)

 17:42:24 <Joeb454> of course :)

 17:42:28 <YokoZar> Thanks :)

 17:42:37 <czajkowski> I've no more comments or questions

 17:42:48 <czajkowski> I do appreciate learning about the FC and the work yer doing

 17:43:48 <beuno> Joeb454, yeap, all sounds good, great work

 17:43:53 <sabdfl> thank you

 17:44:20 <Joeb454> czajkowski: I'll try and get more people next time, but 17:00 UTC isn't the best of times, what with the variety of EU/US timezones we have, they all fall wrong

 17:44:23 <czajkowski> Joeb454: thank you

 17:44:33 <czajkowski> Joeb454: thats fine maybe next cycle again before we do a catch up

 17:44:44 <Joeb454> czajkowski: sounds good :)

 17:44:59 <czajkowski> #action Joeb454 to mail czajkowski with RT numbers

 17:44:59 * meetingology Joeb454 to mail czajkowski with RT numbers

 17:45:03 <Joeb454> thanks all. sabdfl I'll find out about the SSO stuff and email the CC as well

 17:45:11 <czajkowski> #action czajkowski follow up with IS re  FC tickets

 17:45:11 * meetingology czajkowski follow up with IS re  FC tickets

 17:45:20 <czajkowski> #topic AOB

 17:45:26 <sabdfl> thanks Joeb454

 17:45:54 <czajkowski> akgraner: beuno Gwaihir pleia2 sabdfl YokoZar any thing else to discuss?

 17:46:04 <akgraner> nothing from me

 17:46:29 <Gwaihir> nothing in particular from me to

 17:46:35 <beuno> nope, I'm good. Still kick-starting my brain this year

 17:46:41 <YokoZar> Happy new year folks

 17:46:49 <beuno> also, all my machines have been on precise for a month

 17:47:03 <czajkowski> going to upgrade in a few mins to Precise

 17:47:05 <beuno> which has been super smooth for an alpha state!

 17:47:16 <czajkowski> by all accounts it sounds good

 17:47:22 <czajkowski> ok ending meeting so

 17:47:32 <czajkowski> unless anyone has anything else we need to look at ?

 17:47:34 <sabdfl> all clear here

 17:47:37 <sabdfl> thank you!

 17:47:41 <czajkowski> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/AlanBell/mootbot)