#title #ubuntu-meeting Meeting

Meeting started by dholbach at 17:05:26 UTC.  The full logs are
available at
http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2012/ubuntu-meeting.2012-11-15-17.05.log.html
.



== Meeting summary ==

 *Catch up with the TB

 *Any other business
''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/CommunityCouncilAgenda seems very empty.  (dholbach, 17:19:07)
''LINK:'' https://code.launchpad.net/~dholbach/launchpad/coc-2.0/+merge/133702   (dholbach, 17:21:17)



Meeting ended at 17:23:47 UTC.



== Votes ==




== Action items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * dholbach (37)
 * cjwatson (19)
 * czajkowski (16)
 * stgraber (4)
 * meetingology (3)
 * cprofitt (2)
 * Gwaihir (1)



== Full Log ==


 17:05:26 <dholbach> #startmeeting

 17:05:26 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Nov 15 17:05:26 2012 UTC.  The chair is dholbach. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 17:05:26 <meetingology> 

 17:05:26 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 17:05:32 <dholbach> #topic Catch up with the TB

 17:05:53 <dholbach> How has the last cycle worked out for the TB?

 17:06:23 <stgraber> pretty good I think, didn't have a lot of things to discuss/review/do really

 17:06:58 <cjwatson> We've generally had a pretty quiet cycle, yes - there've been a few things we've been asked to resolve, but fairly low on controversy

 17:07:01 <dholbach> Wow... I read most of the reports from the TB and thought that you actually had a lot on your plate.

 17:07:16 <cjwatson> I don't know whether I view this as a success or not

 17:07:25 <czajkowski> team reports++

 17:07:40 <czajkowski> will the TBs workload increase with the helping of ARB now?

 17:08:11 <cjwatson> My perception has been that most of the things that come to us already have broad agreement, and sometimes we tweak a bit to try to ensure that precedents are set sanely and that sort of thing

 17:08:46 <dholbach> Do you have a lot of internal discussion? Or are you mostly just consulted by other teams or parties?

 17:08:48 <stgraber> the TB only reviews the the ARB processes when they need changes, so that's not taking a lot of time as the requested policy changes usually make sense and aren't controversial

 17:08:49 <cjwatson> e.g. the nvidia/fglrx SRUs question, which involved quite a lot of detail but it wasn't a fundamental disagreement

 17:09:10 <cjwatson> At the moment, the TB essentially only does anything when issues are brought to us

 17:09:21 <stgraber> mostly just consulted by other teams/parties. The only internal discussion we have are about timezones/dst it seems :)

 17:09:43 <dholbach> Did any of your ever the feeling the TB could have a more active role or is it not of much interest right now?

 17:10:17 <dholbach> Sorry, not active, rather proactive. I didn't mean to say you're all lazy. :)

 17:10:18 <cjwatson> We've talked about this several times and kicked around a number of ways in which we might be more proactive, but it never seems to come to much

 17:10:39 <cjwatson> The brainstorm review seems to have (unfortunately?) rather fallen by the wayside

 17:10:57 <czajkowski> nods I think ye mentioned this at the last meeting up as well

 17:11:17 <czajkowski> cjwatson: is this something the TB would like to get back involved in,or do you see it as a role the TB can't take part in any more?

 17:11:19 <dholbach> I feel the CC and the TB are pretty much in the same boat here. One thing we tried to do was inviting teams to our meetings to ensure that things are working seamlessly for everyone.

 17:11:25 <cjwatson> But of course several TB members are active on their own accounts anyway

 17:11:37 <dholbach> And that has sparked some good discussions in the past.

 17:11:57 <cjwatson> czajkowski: I tend to feel that we may have outgrown the point where a single small board can be sufficiently on top of things everywhere to take an interventionist approach

 17:12:22 <czajkowski> dholbach: yes our catch ups are very useful

 17:12:40 <dholbach> cjwatson, I think I agree - we also trust that people simply bring it up with the CC if they feel it's necessary

 17:12:55 <czajkowski> +1

 17:13:06 <cjwatson> I'd certainly encourage folks to come to us when they're doing things that are likely to set precedent elsewhere and want a broader perspective - I think that's a valuable role the TB plays

 17:13:42 <cjwatson> But realistically we're likely to remain mainly reactive at least for a while, I think

 17:13:51 <dholbach> Is there anything you feel should improve generally in the world of Ubuntu development? Anything you feel should change?

 17:13:54 <cjwatson> (Speaking only for myself though)

 17:14:30 <cjwatson> I don't think I can answer that from a TB perspective rather than from my personal perspective

 17:14:36 <cjwatson> Maybe stgraber can have a go :)

 17:15:15 <dholbach> Or maybe something the TB might need help with?

 17:16:40 <dholbach> If not, that's perfectly fine - I just thought it polite and interesting to ask. :-)

 17:16:57 <stgraber> I can't really think of anything for either questions ;)

 17:17:02 <cjwatson> Not really - I suspect newer folks may be afraid to ask us things when they should

 17:17:16 <cjwatson> But I don't know if that's immediately fixable :)

 17:17:48 <czajkowski> thanks cjwatson

 17:17:51 <czajkowski> and stgraber

 17:18:00 <dholbach> Again we're in the same boat with the CC, I think only personal encouragement works there. :)

 17:18:11 <cjwatson> Yeah

 17:18:14 <dholbach> thanks a lot for your hard work

 17:18:26 <dholbach> I'm very pleased to hear that things work out nicely for you.

 17:18:37 <dholbach> cjwatson, enjoy the rest of your day off :)

 17:18:37 <cjwatson> I'm being summoned though so I'm afraid I'll have to go :)

 17:18:41 <cjwatson> Sorry, bad leave timing

 17:18:47 <dholbach> no, it's all good :)

 17:18:50 <dholbach> thanks for making time

 17:18:54 <czajkowski> Thank you

 17:18:56 <dholbach> #topic Any other business

 17:19:07 <dholbach> https://wiki.ubuntu.com/CommunityCouncilAgenda seems very empty.

 17:19:17 <dholbach> so maybe we just give a quick update on the CoC v2

 17:19:22 <czajkowski> nods

 17:19:43 <dholbach> we did two rounds of feedback for https://code.launchpad.net/~sabdfl/ubuntu-codeofconduct/v2-draft and it looks like everyone is sufficiently happy with it

 17:19:59 <dholbach> so we're in the process of getting it into LP and on the website and will announce it once it's there

 17:20:08 <dholbach> thanks a lot to everyone who helped put the update together!

 17:20:26 <czajkowski> yes it's nice to see the work finally coming together

 17:20:35 <czajkowski> we have the annoucement almost done

 17:20:42 <czajkowski> and the bug on website update filed

 17:20:48 <czajkowski> dholbach: what is left to get it into LP ?

 17:20:55 <dholbach> I filed a merge proposal and it's WIP

 17:21:17 <dholbach> https://code.launchpad.net/~dholbach/launchpad/coc-2.0/+merge/133702

 17:21:25 <dholbach> Rick Harding had a look at it already

 17:21:29 <dholbach> so we're slowly getting there

 17:21:43 <czajkowski> cool

 17:21:50 <dholbach> apart from that I'm happy to say that the community related sessions from UDS were great and that everyone seems to be busy working on the work items we agreed on there

 17:22:02 <dholbach> it's nice to see how smoothly things are running

 17:22:17 <dholbach> hey cprofitt

 17:22:29 <dholbach> does anyone else have anything we should discuss here in the CC meeting now?

 17:22:29 <cprofitt> hey dholbach and everyone... sorry for being late

 17:22:54 <dholbach> cprofitt, don't worry - looks like we wangled it :)

 17:22:57 <Gwaihir> nothing from my side...

 17:23:30 <cprofitt> nothing from my side as well

 17:23:39 <dholbach> in that case, it looks like we just need to put together the minutes and update the wiki, but we can do that outside the meeting

 17:23:44 <dholbach> thanks a lot everyone for turning up!

 17:23:47 <czajkowski> lovely

 17:23:47 <dholbach> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)