#title #ubuntu-meeting: ubuntu-server-team

Meeting started by arosales at 16:00:52 UTC.  The full logs are
available at
http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2012/ubuntu-meeting.2012-06-12-16.00.log.html
.



== Meeting summary ==

 *Review ACTION points from previous meeting
''ACTION:'' arosales to correct "pieces" on ubuntu server blog  (arosales, 16:06:33)

 *Precise Development
''LINK:'' http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/ubuntu-server/release-bugs.html   (arosales, 16:07:31)
''ACTION:'' drop 880339 from bug list — no response  (arosales, 16:14:22)
''ACTION:'' jamespage and utlemming to discuss dropping -virtual kernel; re bug 1009553  (arosales, 16:22:26)
''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/BlueprintSpec   (jamespage, 16:27:14)
''ACTION:'' jamespage to follow up with hallyn on servercloud-q-server-iso-tests-review  (arosales, 16:29:21)

 *Ubuntu Server Team Events

 *Weekly Updates & Questions for the QA Team (hggdh)

 *Weekly Updates & Questions for the Kernel Team (smb)

 *Weekly Updates & Questions regarding Ubuntu ARM Server (rbasak)

 *Open Discussion
''ACTION:'' utlemming to follow up with rbasak on getting armhf images using highbank.  (arosales, 16:37:33)

 *Announce next meeting date and time
''ACTION:'' arosales to add 12.04.1 Development section  (arosales, 16:44:14)



Meeting ended at 16:45:55 UTC.



== Votes ==




== Action items ==

 * arosales to correct "pieces" on ubuntu server blog
 * drop 880339 from bug list — no response
 * jamespage and utlemming to discuss dropping -virtual kernel; re bug 1009553
 * jamespage to follow up with hallyn on servercloud-q-server-iso-tests-review
 * utlemming to follow up with rbasak on getting armhf images using highbank.
 * arosales to add 12.04.1 Development section



== Action items, by person ==

 * arosales
 ** arosales to correct "pieces" on ubuntu server blog
 ** arosales to add 12.04.1 Development section
 * hallyn
 ** jamespage to follow up with hallyn on servercloud-q-server-iso-tests-review
 * jamespage
 ** jamespage and utlemming to discuss dropping -virtual kernel; re bug 1009553
 ** jamespage to follow up with hallyn on servercloud-q-server-iso-tests-review
 * rbasak
 ** utlemming to follow up with rbasak on getting armhf images using highbank.
 * utlemming
 ** jamespage and utlemming to discuss dropping -virtual kernel; re bug 1009553
 ** utlemming to follow up with rbasak on getting armhf images using highbank.



== People present (lines said) ==

 * arosales (95)
 * jamespage (32)
 * rbasak (17)
 * Daviey (15)
 * ubottu (13)
 * meetingology (9)
 * smoser (8)
 * utlemming (8)
 * SpamapS (7)
 * smb` (5)
 * hallyn (5)
 * zul (3)
 * m_3 (2)



== Full Log ==


 16:00:52 <arosales> #startmeeting ubuntu-server-team

 16:00:52 <meetingology> Meeting started Tue Jun 12 16:00:52 2012 UTC.  The chair is arosales. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:00:52 <meetingology> 

 16:00:52 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 16:01:09 <arosales> #topic Review ACTION points from previous meeting

 16:01:30 <arosales> rbasak: how is the migration to ubuntuserver.org going?

 16:02:02 <rbasak> I had assumed that was a joke action. I have no knowledge of ubuntuserver.org or anything surrounding it whatsoever.

 16:02:40 <arosales> I think that was in reference to our server team blog, correct

 16:02:53 <smoser> hm.. funny. it probably was a joke action and then got carried over too.

 16:03:02 <smoser> nice. for shame on whoever chaired last week.

 16:03:03 <arosales> If so, are there any objections about where the blog current lives?

 16:03:22 <rbasak> I would just like to see the typo fixed, which is how I ended up with the joke action

 16:03:37 <m_3> rbasak: I think you were dissing the site and got volunteered by the meeting chair :)

 16:03:53 <arosales> rbasak: where is that typo again?

 16:03:57 <rbasak> In the headline

 16:03:59 <rbasak> peices

 16:04:39 <arosales> ah ok, here https://ubuntuserver.wordpress.com/

 16:04:59 <arosales> rbasak:  did you want to follow up with jamespage and see who has access and get that corrected?

 16:05:07 <arosales> rbask, if not I can.

 16:05:34 <jamespage> arosales, rbasak: I think I might have access

 16:05:36 <rbasak> I don't think it's worth me being involved. I know nothing about it, and am not sure what I can add

 16:05:49 <rbasak> (apart from another cook for the broth)

 16:05:58 <arosales> ok, I will follow up

 16:05:58 <SpamapS> o/

 16:06:33 <arosales> #action arosales to correct "pieces" on ubuntu server blog

 16:06:33 * meetingology arosales to correct "pieces" on ubuntu server blog

 16:06:57 <arosales> smoser:  did you have a chance to follow up with rbasak on bug 972077

 16:07:00 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 972077 in apt (Ubuntu) "apt repository disk format has race conditions" [Medium,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/972077

 16:07:07 <smoser> rbasak, ping, re 972077

 16:07:14 <smoser> (no, i didn't. but i will)

 16:07:19 <arosales> ok thanks smoser

 16:07:22 <arosales> #topic Precise Development

 16:07:30 <arosales> bugs

 16:07:31 <arosales> http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/ubuntu-server/release-bugs.html

 16:07:45 <arosales> bug https://launchpad.net/bugs/974584

 16:07:48 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 974584 in sysvinit (Ubuntu Quantal) "Semaphores cannot be created in lxc container" [High,Triaged]

 16:08:17 <arosales> hallyn: were you taking a look at this one ^

 16:08:41 <arosales> bug 920197

 16:08:43 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 920197 in python-webob (Ubuntu Quantal) "[SRU] webob last stable version 1.1.1 response header bug" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/920197

 16:09:01 <arosales> zul: and jamespage this one queued up correctly for SRU in 12.04.1?

 16:09:10 <jamespage> yep

 16:09:13 <zul> yep

 16:09:30 <arosales> cool thanks zul and jamespage

 16:09:34 <arosales> bug 1001846

 16:09:36 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1001846 in cobbler (Ubuntu) "cobbler fails to install with error code 1" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1001846

 16:09:36 <hallyn> hm, yeah, i dropped the fix for bug 974584 both in debian and ubuntu bugs, i don't have upload rights...

 16:09:39 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 974584 in sysvinit (Ubuntu Quantal) "Semaphores cannot be created in lxc container" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/974584

 16:10:00 <arosales> smoser: I think you were looking for more info on this one did airtonix give what was needed?

 16:10:06 <hallyn> think the debian maintainer got sick of me

 16:10:22 <arosales> hallyn: thanks for the update on 974584

 16:10:36 * smoser re-looks

 16:10:48 <arosales> hallyn: let us know if you don't get a response soon

 16:10:56 <arosales> smoser: thanks

 16:11:10 <arosales> bug https://launchpad.net/bugs/1009294

 16:11:11 <smoser> hm... roaksoax is not around. i think there is enough info in that bug to move forward.

 16:11:12 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1009294 in Ubuntu Precise "Grub update breaks automated dist-upgrade scripts on AMI images" [High,Fix committed]

 16:11:48 <arosales> smoser: looks like you had the todo here to get the fix commited. Is that now in the ubuntu cloud images?

 16:12:35 <arosales> well catch roaksoax later on the cobbler bug

 16:12:37 <arosales> bug 880339

 16:12:38 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 880339 in mysql-5.5 (Ubuntu Precise) "AppArmor profile needs update" [Medium,Incomplete] https://launchpad.net/bugs/880339

 16:12:48 <smoser> someone should verify images are fixed for that cloud image bug

 16:12:56 <smoser> and we need to refresh the 12.04 images.

 16:13:04 <utlemming> smoser: I can do that...

 16:13:05 <SpamapS> arosales: that one is a dupe of one that I'm working on

 16:13:08 <arosales> jamespage:  I think you were tracking bug 880339, is that now fixed?

 16:13:15 <utlemming> smoser: and I plan on re-spinning precise ASAP

 16:13:34 <SpamapS> arosales: I think we can drop it from the list, having been incomplete without a response for so long

 16:13:35 <arosales> utlemming: could you help with verifying the fix smoser commited?

 16:13:42 <utlemming> arosales: yup

 16:13:54 <arosales> utlemming: thanks

 16:13:59 <hallyn> arosales: i've got a note in my tickler to bug ubuntu-devel on thu if no action from maintainer

 16:14:03 <jamespage> arosales, yes - SpamapS please could you ensure the bug that you are working on has a task for precise and is targetted to 12.04.1

 16:14:22 <arosales> #action drop 880339 from bug list — no response

 16:14:22 * meetingology drop 880339 from bug list — no response

 16:14:34 <SpamapS> arosales: no action needed

 16:14:35 <arosales> thanks SpamapS

 16:14:43 <arosales> ah, ok :-)

 16:14:45 <SpamapS> arosales: its already closed as Invalid actually

 16:15:00 <SpamapS> there was a recent response.. that the user had screwed it up themselves

 16:15:06 <arosales> I'll make sure to remove the subscription of ubuntu server team too

 16:15:15 <Daviey> (sorry for speaking out of turn.. but the ubuntuserver.org blog transition wasn't a joke action.. it needs to happen, and rbask wanted to see it improved.)

 16:15:27 <arosales> bug 993291

 16:15:30 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 993291 in nis (Ubuntu Quantal) "[SRU] package nis 3.17-32ubuntu1.2 failed to install/upgrade: invoke-rc.d: unknown initscript, /etc/init.d/nis not found." [Medium,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/993291

 16:16:11 <arosales> jamespage: looks like 993291 is tracking ok, correct?

 16:16:21 <jamespage> arosales, yeah - I just picked that up

 16:16:36 <arosales> jamespage: ok, thanks

 16:16:42 <arosales> bug 1009553

 16:16:43 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1009553 in ubuntu-meta (Ubuntu) "jeos install oversized" [Medium,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1009553

 16:17:08 * jamespage is unsurprised

 16:17:09 <arosales> jamespage:  is this one a result of just droping -virtual kernel?

 16:17:21 <arosales> any fix needed?

 16:17:30 <jamespage> well its always close to the line - but yes that does seem to be the problem this release

 16:17:54 <Daviey> Well, we should dive for extra opportunities to reduce it's size

 16:18:00 <Daviey> but growth is expected.

 16:18:04 <jamespage> I'm not sure TBH - I though the -virtual piece was going to be managed with additional module packages

 16:18:15 <jamespage> which is the bulk of the oversize ATM

 16:18:25 <jamespage> ~60MB I think

 16:18:38 <jamespage> smb`, any opinion on ^^

 16:18:58 * smb` tries to catch up

 16:19:17 <utlemming> jamespage: -virtual did indeed get dropped...and the kernel bloat in the AMI's is ~200M as a result

 16:19:29 <jamespage> utlemming, sounds about right :-)

 16:19:51 <arosales> in parallel for bug 920197, zul is that progressing as expected?

 16:19:53 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 920197 in python-webob (Ubuntu Quantal) "[SRU] webob last stable version 1.1.1 response header bug" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/920197

 16:20:11 <zul> arosales: no it needs some work still which im doing this afternoon

 16:20:12 <smb`> utlemming, Why there would be a virtual meta which only consists of the smaller part

 16:20:55 <utlemming> smb: is there a -virtual meta then?

 16:21:05 <arosales> zul: ok thanks. Make sure to ping smoser or jamespage both on the 12.04.1 team if any assistance is needed.

 16:21:15 <smb`> utlemming, linux-generic-meta -> linxu-image-generic + linux-image-extra-generic   vs. linux-virtual-meta -> linux-image-generic

 16:21:17 <zul> arosales: ack

 16:21:36 <jamespage> smb`, utlemming: sounds like we are bloating out to much

 16:21:49 <jamespage> arosales, please action smb, utlemming and I to discuss offline

 16:21:58 <jamespage> well online but not in this meeting :-)

 16:22:08 <utlemming> +1, we'll discuss this right after

 16:22:11 <smb`> jamespage, At least that is the theory, we need to reality check but, yes put up an action

 16:22:26 <arosales> #action jamespage and utlemming to discuss dropping -virtual kernel; re bug 1009553

 16:22:26 * meetingology jamespage and utlemming to discuss dropping -virtual kernel; re bug 1009553

 16:22:28 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1009553 in ubuntu-meta (Ubuntu) "jeos install oversized" [Medium,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1009553

 16:22:36 <arosales> utlemming: jamespage and smb thanks

 16:22:38 <jamespage> ta

 16:22:43 <arosales> bug 1008537

 16:22:46 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1008537 in webkit (Ubuntu) "[FTBFS] Segmentation fault during tests" [Undecided,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1008537

 16:22:56 <arosales> failed to build

 16:23:28 <arosales> may be similar to bug https://bugs.launchpad.net/bugs/968308

 16:23:30 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 968308 in openjdk-6 (Ubuntu) "Opening Eclipse workbench causes SIGSEGV" [Undecided,Confirmed]

 16:23:39 <arosales> anyone interested in taking a look ?

 16:24:10 <arosales> webkit and sphinx

 16:24:49 <arosales> any interested folks?

 16:25:22 <Daviey> i'll investigate it.

 16:25:29 <arosales> Daviey: thanks

 16:25:35 <arosales> moving onto blueprints http://status.ubuntu.com/ubuntu-quantal/ubuntu-server.html

 16:25:58 <arosales> so we got some good work items documented, and dependencies liked to topics.

 16:26:19 <arosales> please take a look if the dependency linkage looks correct for your blueprint

 16:26:59 <arosales> also be sure to be implementing the blueprint spec into blueprints, jamespage do you have a link handy?

 16:27:14 <jamespage> https://wiki.ubuntu.com/BlueprintSpec

 16:27:21 <arosales> jamespage: thanks

 16:27:24 <jamespage> I do - thanks skaet!

 16:27:39 <arosales> Any other items on blueprints?

 16:28:09 * arosales forgot the two topics under quantal dev

 16:28:14 <hallyn> hm, in https://blueprints.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+spec/servercloud-q-server-iso-tests-review, i hope someone will explain to me what that action item assigned to me is

 16:29:03 <arosales> jamespage:  can you assist hallyn with work items on the ISO tesing?

 16:29:11 <jamespage> hallyn, arosales: yep

 16:29:21 <arosales> #action jamespage to follow up with hallyn on servercloud-q-server-iso-tests-review

 16:29:21 * meetingology jamespage to follow up with hallyn on servercloud-q-server-iso-tests-review

 16:29:24 <arosales> jamespage: thanks

 16:29:26 <hallyn> thx

 16:29:33 <arosales> #topic Ubuntu Server Team Events

 16:29:59 <arosales> jim is at  http://static.usenix.org/events/config10/index.html

 16:30:01 <arosales> this week

 16:30:17 <arosales> Velocity coming up in a couple of weeks.

 16:30:23 <arosales> any other events?

 16:30:36 <jamespage> I pretending to be hazmat at EuroPycon at the start of July

 16:30:55 <arosales> cool, should be fun pretending to be hazmat :-)

 16:30:57 <SpamapS> jamespage: I can't wait to see your beard :)

 16:31:07 <arosales> #topic Weekly Updates & Questions for the QA Team (hggdh)

 16:31:14 <arosales> hggdh: Any updates from QA?

 16:31:17 <jamespage> SpamapS, I'm working on that :-)

 16:32:01 <jamespage> hggdh, whats the current status on UTAH?

 16:32:35 <arosales> perhaps hggdh isn't around at the moment. hggdh please feel free to comment if you return.

 16:32:40 <arosales> #topic Weekly Updates & Questions for the Kernel Team (smb)

 16:32:49 <arosales> smb`:  how is the kernel looking?

 16:33:01 <smb`> Mostly harmless...

 16:33:19 <arosales> any questions for smb` ?

 16:33:52 <arosales> thanks smb`

 16:34:07 <arosales> #topic Weekly Updates & Questions regarding Ubuntu ARM Server (rbasak)

 16:34:08 <rbasak> Calxeda's Highbank machine is now enabled in Quantal! We're planning a more detailed announcement on this soon, including installation instructions. MAAS support for this machine is now the next step.

 16:34:11 <rbasak> Any questions for me?

 16:34:24 <arosales> woot :-)

 16:35:02 <arosales> no other questions for rbasak

 16:35:11 <arosales> #topic Open Discussion

 16:35:13 <utlemming> rbasak: so we need to get together

 16:35:30 <utlemming> and get the armhf images using the Highbank then

 16:36:19 <arosales> Daviey: I'll follow up with rbasak on seeing how we can get our server team blog moved to the correct home. I have an action items to correct the spelling so I'll investigate the move with rbask.

 16:36:38 * rbasak just wanted the typo fixed!

 16:36:46 <rbasak> That'll be <5 minutes for someone with access, right?

 16:37:11 <Daviey> rbasak: we need to move it regardless

 16:37:21 <Daviey> rbasak: You volunteered AIUI.

 16:37:23 <rbasak> Where should it go?

 16:37:33 <arosales> #action utlemming to follow up with rbasak on getting armhf images using highbank.

 16:37:33 * meetingology utlemming to follow up with rbasak on getting armhf images using highbank.

 16:37:36 * rbasak didn't volunteer. He just asked for the typo to be fixed.

 16:37:37 <Daviey> rbasak: canonical hosted.. under that domain (owned by canonical)

 16:37:51 <m_3> prob a good idea to talk to jcastro about it

 16:38:00 <Daviey> rbasak: just need to raise an RT and get IS to setup wordpress under that domain.

 16:38:07 <Daviey> and migrate content... can you take that?

 16:38:18 <rbasak> Who has access to the current wordpress?

 16:38:25 <rbasak> To migrate content I'll want access

 16:38:29 <Daviey> rbasak: it's wordpress.org.. so all of us.

 16:38:33 <Daviey> err, .com

 16:38:42 <rbasak> Credentials?

 16:38:47 <Daviey> rbasak: anyone on the team can have an account

 16:38:59 <rbasak> Who has admin access?

 16:39:00 <Daviey> rbasak: If you don't have one, i can add you.

 16:39:13 <rbasak> Please

 16:39:13 <Daviey> rbasak: lets take this offline.

 16:39:36 <arosales> ok, thanks Daviey

 16:39:45 <arosales> Any other topics to discuss?

 16:40:14 <arosales> ok, thanks for everyone's time

 16:40:15 <arosales> #topic Announce next meeting date and time

 16:40:17 <jamespage> o/

 16:40:23 <jamespage> I had one actually

 16:40:24 <arosales> Tuesday 2012-06-19 at 1600 UTC

 16:40:28 <arosales> jamespage:  go

 16:40:54 <jamespage> OK - so smoser and I and representing the server team for the 12.04.1 release

 16:41:13 <Daviey> so don't mess it up.

 16:41:18 <jamespage> we have a regular catchup with all of the other 12.04.1 folk every 2 weeks

 16:41:38 <jamespage> I spent some time updating zul's reports - http://people.canonical.com/~jamespage/server-sru/precise-sru.html

 16:42:14 <jamespage> it you come across any bugs that should be SRU'ed please raise tasks for precise and target them to 12.04.1 - that way they will appear in the report

 16:42:45 <jamespage> assigning someone or an upload being accepted into -proposed results in them moving to 'inflight'

 16:43:10 <jamespage> I'd also like to have a regular slot in the meeting as well

 16:43:23 <jamespage> not to review the entire report but to focus on any problematic bugs...

 16:43:48 <jamespage> oh - http://people.canonical.com/~jamespage/server-sru/ contains series based reports for all supported releases as well

 16:43:49 <arosales> perhaps after the quantal development section

 16:43:58 <jamespage> that would make sense to me

 16:44:14 <arosales> #action arosales to add 12.04.1 Development section

 16:44:14 * meetingology arosales to add 12.04.1 Development section

 16:44:57 <arosales> jamespage: and smoser 	thanks for rep'ing server in the 12.04.01 team

 16:45:06 <arosales> any other items to discuss

 16:45:49 <arosales> Next meeting is Tuesday 2012-06-19 at 1600 UTC. Thanks for attending, and bearing with me ;-)

 16:45:55 <arosales> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)