#title #ubuntu-meeting Meeting

Meeting started by bdmurray at 18:01:36 UTC.  The full logs are
available at
http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2012/ubuntu-meeting.2012-03-07-18.01.log.html
.



== Meeting summary ==

 *Previous Actions

 *Engineering Team Bug Status

 *Bug Escalations (any High or Critical bugs that community members have seen that need attention)

 *Any other business



Meeting ended at 18:21:38 UTC.



== Votes ==




== Action items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * bdmurray (26)
 * meetingology (3)
 * mfisch (2)
 * jsalisbury (1)
 * Ursinha (1)



== Full Log ==


 18:01:36 <bdmurray> #startmeeting

 18:01:36 <meetingology> Meeting started Wed Mar  7 18:01:36 2012 UTC.  The chair is bdmurray. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 18:01:36 <meetingology> 

 18:01:36 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 18:01:50 <bdmurray> #topic Previous Actions

 18:02:21 <bdmurray> an action from last week's meeting was

 18:02:29 * bdmurray put list of dbus no reply bugs into a wiki page and email bugsquad regarding list: bdmurray

 18:02:45 <bdmurray> I haven't done this yet but will today!

 18:03:04 <bdmurray> that's it for the previous actions

 18:03:18 <bdmurray> #topic Engineering Team Bug Status

 18:04:08 <bdmurray> This week I made some new charts that compare the hottest bugs about packages that a team is subscribed to with each other

 18:04:19 <bdmurray> For example: http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/foundations-bugs/foundations-bugs-packages-hottest-bugs.html

 18:04:57 <bdmurray> bug heat is used to determine the position of each bug on the chart

 18:05:23 <mfisch> bdmurray: if those bugs get any hotter, you'll need vertical bars to separate the packages

 18:06:32 <bdmurray> yes, well the goal is to get the hot ones off though

 18:06:45 <bdmurray> so hopefully vertical bars won't be needed ;-)

 18:07:22 <mfisch> "if you had to scroll this page it's a sign that you should work on that package"

 18:07:35 <bdmurray> heh

 18:08:51 <bdmurray> otherwise beta 1 testing went well and things are looking pretty good

 18:08:55 <bdmurray> Ursinha: do you have anything?

 18:09:06 <Ursinha> no sir

 18:09:59 <bdmurray> jsalisbury: anything from kernel land?

 18:10:16 <jsalisbury> No major kernel issues with beta1 so far.  KernelOops will stay enabled until near the final release.

 18:11:39 <bdmurray> #topic Bug Escalations (any High or Critical bugs that community members have seen that need attention)

 18:12:25 <bdmurray> Is there anything not being worked on we should be aware of?

 18:14:37 <bdmurray> #topic Any other business

 18:14:56 <bdmurray> I believe we have one outstanding bug control application that needs review

 18:15:09 <bdmurray> if you are a member please take a look at it

 18:17:16 <bdmurray> weird I don't actually see it on the public archive of the mailing list

 18:18:40 <bdmurray> anything else?

 18:19:14 <bdmurray> ah, here it is - https://lists.launchpad.net/ubuntu-bugcontrol/msg03680.html

 18:21:32 <bdmurray> okay, then - thanks everyone

 18:21:38 <bdmurray> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)