#title #ubuntu-meeting Meeting

Meeting started by bdmurray at 18:01:40 UTC.  The full logs are
available at
http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2011/ubuntu-meeting.2011-12-07-18.01.log.html
.



== Meeting summary ==

 *Previous Actions
''ACTION:'' bdmurray update the topic in #ubuntu-bugs regarding meetings  (bdmurray, 18:06:54)

 *Engineering Team Bug Status
''ACTION:'' bdmurray send bugs meeting announcement before the next meeting  (bdmurray, 18:12:18)

 *Other Topics



Meeting ended at 18:21:52 UTC.



== Votes ==




== Action items ==

 * bdmurray update the topic in #ubuntu-bugs regarding meetings
 * bdmurray send bugs meeting announcement before the next meeting



== Action items, by person ==

 * bdmurray
 ** bdmurray update the topic in #ubuntu-bugs regarding meetings
 ** bdmurray send bugs meeting announcement before the next meeting



== People present (lines said) ==

 * bdmurray (32)
 * hggdh (18)
 * meetingology (5)
 * popey (1)
 * ubottu (1)



== Full Log ==


 18:01:40 <bdmurray> #startmeeting

 18:01:40 <meetingology> Meeting started Wed Dec  7 18:01:40 2011 UTC.  The chair is bdmurray. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/AlanBell/mootbot.

 18:01:40 <meetingology> 

 18:01:40 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 18:03:02 <hggdh> ~o~

 18:03:12 <bdmurray> So this is the 2nd bugs meeting after the breakup ;-)

 18:04:51 <hggdh> indeed

 18:04:57 <bdmurray> [TOPIC] Previous Actions

 18:05:24 <bdmurray> pedro had an action to update wiki + send email re the BugSquad Meeting

 18:05:30 <bdmurray> the wiki looks updated to me

 18:05:45 <hggdh> so we are done there

 18:05:55 <bdmurray> the email was sent too?

 18:06:04 <hggdh> hum

 18:06:10 <bdmurray> I found it

 18:06:25 <bdmurray> so yes

 18:06:35 <hggdh> yes

 18:06:36 <bdmurray> however the topic in #ubuntu-bugs needs to be updated

 18:06:54 <bdmurray> [ACTION] bdmurray update the topic in #ubuntu-bugs regarding meetings

 18:06:54 * meetingology bdmurray update the topic in #ubuntu-bugs regarding meetings

 18:07:37 <bdmurray> that's it for the action items from the last meeting

 18:07:50 <bdmurray> [TOPIC] Engineering Team Bug Status

 18:08:30 <bdmurray> the foundations team is looking at bug 898787 and now and I've found a few more duplicates of it

 18:08:31 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 898787 in ubiquity (Ubuntu) "(k|l|x)ubuntu 11.10 failed to install with error in install_misc.py assert cache._depcache.broken_count == 0" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/898787

 18:09:02 <bdmurray> we are also planning to update ubiquity so that dpkg messages in ubiquity log files are in English

 18:09:23 <bdmurray> this'll make bug pattern writing and duplicate finding easier going forward

 18:10:36 <bdmurray> I've also been working with a different graphing tool to show some more dynamic bug stats

 18:10:50 <bdmurray> Ursinha: Do you have anything?

 18:11:47 <hggdh> mia?

 18:12:18 <bdmurray> [ACTION] bdmurray send bugs meeting announcement before the next meeting

 18:12:18 * meetingology bdmurray send bugs meeting announcement before the next meeting

 18:12:25 <bdmurray> hggdh: maybe that'll help ;-)

 18:12:54 <hggdh> heh

 18:12:55 <bdmurray> jsalisbury: Anything going on in kernel bug land?

 18:14:28 <bdmurray> moving on then

 18:14:42 <bdmurray> [TOPIC] Other Topics

 18:14:52 <bdmurray> hggdh: Do you have anything?

 18:15:11 <hggdh> yes

 18:15:34 <hggdh> I have closed the mentorship, and now I am only left with removing the teams

 18:15:48 <hggdh> we need to think about the videos, etc

 18:15:50 <hggdh> ..

 18:16:04 <bdmurray> Yes, I emailed popey and got some information about tools etc

 18:16:19 <popey> "some information" = a wall of text â˜º

 18:16:21 <bdmurray> So its on the list

 18:16:24 <hggdh> k

 18:16:36 <hggdh> heh

 18:17:40 <bdmurray> I've recently been working a lot with a bug report generation and gathering tool in arsenal

 18:18:04 <bdmurray> I'm rather excited about that and the graphing stuff.

 18:18:59 <bdmurray> Okay then I think that covers it.

 18:19:28 <hggdh> and I am to grab some data on harvest

 18:19:35 <bdmurray> hggdh: hm?

 18:20:20 <hggdh> dholbach and I discussed a bit what we can do with harvest

 18:20:41 <hggdh> extend, provide a better user interface, etc

 18:20:57 <hggdh> this has been a bit dormant, but I will get to it

 18:21:02 <bdmurray> hggdh: ah cool

 18:21:33 <hggdh> but this is it, from me

 18:21:48 <bdmurray> okay thanks

 18:21:52 <bdmurray> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/AlanBell/mootbot)