#title #ubuntu-meeting Meeting

Meeting started by kees at 21:01:31 UTC.  The full logs are available at
http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2011/ubuntu-meeting.2011-11-28-21.01.log.html
.



== Meeting summary ==

''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/TechnicalBoardAgenda   (kees, 21:01:48)
 *action review

 *Opening backports pocket pre-release

 *Edubuntu LTS Application
''LINK:'' http://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvekey.cgi?keyword=mono FYI  (pitti, 21:18:21)

 *Opening backports pocket pre-release

 *Recurring: Brain storm review (Next due: December 2011)
''ACTION:'' pitti: document brainstorm review activity  (kees, 21:28:44)
''ACTION:'' kees: perform brainstorm review  (kees, 21:28:55)

 *Scan the mailing list archive for anything we missed (standing item)

 *Check up on community bugs (standing item)

 *additional topics?

 *Select a chair for the next meeting



Meeting ended at 21:43:41 UTC.



== Votes ==


 * approve opening backports pre-release proposal as updated in https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/technical-board/2011-November/001137.html
   For: 5 Against: 0 Abstained: 0



== Action items ==

 * pitti: document brainstorm review activity
 * kees: perform brainstorm review



== Action items, by person ==

 * kees
 ** kees: perform brainstorm review
 * pitti
 ** pitti: document brainstorm review activity



== People present (lines said) ==

 * kees (66)
 * pitti (37)
 * highvoltage (26)
 * stgraber (23)
 * cjwatson (23)
 * meetingology (15)
 * soren (12)
 * ubottu (2)
 * micahg (1)



== Full Log ==


 21:01:31 <kees> #startmeeting

 21:01:31 <meetingology> Meeting started Mon Nov 28 21:01:31 2011 UTC.  The chair is kees. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/AlanBell/mootbot.

 21:01:31 <meetingology> 

 21:01:31 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 21:01:40 <stgraber> yeah, I guess having it on the agenda for our next meeting and making sure someone from the kernel team is here too would be best

 21:01:48 <kees> https://wiki.ubuntu.com/TechnicalBoardAgenda

 21:01:58 <kees> mdz can't make it today

 21:02:09 <kees> [topic] action review

 21:02:18 <kees> it looks like everything from last time got done.

 21:03:05 <kees> [topic] Opening backports pocket pre-release

 21:03:29 <kees> broder said he couldn't make it this time. is there anything we need to cover here that we can do?

 21:03:32 <pitti> hm, I thought we pretty much discussed that last time

 21:03:52 <pitti> IIRC we +1ed this with a few modifications

 21:04:04 <soren> That's how I remember it, too.

 21:04:07 <kees> he'd sent an updated list of items https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/technical-board/2011-November/001137.html

 21:04:09 <cjwatson> agreed; broder's summary looks fine to me

 21:04:33 <pitti> kees: right, that was it, thanks for the link

 21:04:37 <kees> okay, so the 001137 summary was good? did that already get voted on?

 21:04:48 <cjwatson> one thing I noticed, and it's not a blocker at all, if there are to be no source/binary copies through -backports when opening a new release, somebody should file an LP bug; however, I think it would be easier to just let things be copied and then upload rebuilds

 21:04:52 <cjwatson> (avoids NEW)

 21:04:57 <cjwatson> that's a minor wording tweak though

 21:05:12 * kees nods

 21:06:08 <kees> [topic] Edubuntu LTS Application

 21:06:19 <kees> I didn't see email for this. I lack context ...

 21:06:40 <stgraber> highvoltage: ^

 21:06:44 <kees> highvoltage: ah, this is yours?

 21:06:50 <kees> just checked the wiki edit history...

 21:06:56 <highvoltage> right!

 21:06:59 <stgraber> kees: for the backports, should we vote on the current proposal?

 21:07:06 <highvoltage> Hi! It's 23:00 so please forgive me if I'm a bit groggy.

 21:07:06 <highvoltage> The Edubuntu LTS proposal is currently really simple.

 21:07:06 <highvoltage> The Edubuntu team plans to:

 21:07:07 <highvoltage> * Supply security fixes to packages in the Edubuntu system that are not in the Desktop Ubuntu seeds

 21:07:14 <highvoltage> * Leverage the Kubuntu LTS release for our KDE packages

 21:07:14 <highvoltage> * Drop packages that are likely to be risky or difficult to support

 21:07:14 <highvoltage> * Release point releases along with all of Ubuntu's point releases

 21:07:14 <highvoltage> * Wiki Page where we're tracking this: https://wiki.ubuntu.com/Edubuntu/12.04/LTS-Proposal

 21:07:22 <highvoltage> stgraber and myself are here representing the Edubuntu team (even though stgraber is a TB member as well)

 21:07:24 <kees> stgraber: i'll come back to that, sorry for jumping ahead.

 21:07:26 <highvoltage> If there's any questions, concerns or comments, please fire away.

 21:08:09 <cjwatson> how many developers does the Edubuntu team have

 21:08:09 <cjwatson> ?

 21:08:11 <kees> "that are not in the Desktop Ubuntu seeds

 21:08:11 <pitti> stgraber: FWIW, we already voted on teh backports one

 21:08:23 <kees> I assume that means "Desktop and Server" Ubuntu seeds actually?

 21:08:43 <highvoltage> cjwatson: very, very few. it's typically 2 people.

 21:08:46 <kees> and what is the list of source packages that would be considered supported?

 21:09:00 <pitti> highvoltage: what's the order of packages that are affected by this, i. e. packages which are not already covered by u/k desktop?

 21:09:06 <cjwatson> I guess I'm worried about the bus factor over an LTS cycle length

 21:09:06 <stgraber> or rather anything that's not in a supported seed (as edubunt inherits quite a bit from ubuntu and kubuntu)

 21:09:41 <highvoltage> pitti: I wish I had that for you already, it's on my to-do list, at an educated guess I'd say around 20 packages.

 21:10:03 <pitti> highvoltage: that's fine, I was just interested in the magnitue

 21:10:13 <kees> only 20? that seems very small.

 21:10:22 <pitti> highvoltage: that's typically software for maintaining school schedules, and some educationary programs as well? (or is that just kdeedu)

 21:10:38 <kees> in the past, there has been trouble keeping things like moodle up to date in edubuntu. what is different now?

 21:10:54 <stgraber> I'm getting the list now (before filtering of what we want to drop)

 21:10:57 <pitti> highvoltage: local edu applications are probably "mostly harmless", I'm mostly worried about things like mediawiki and similar web/php stuff

 21:11:09 <highvoltage> pitti: it's a bit more than kde-edu, there's tux4kids, gcompris, there are things like arkose, ltsp-live (I really should put together that list)

 21:11:18 <stgraber> kees: we dropped the server part of Edubuntu, the only thing we kept server-side is LTSP, that's already supported in Ubuntu

 21:11:28 <highvoltage> if you include kde-edu it does get quite a bit larger

 21:11:34 <kees> stgraber: ah-ha

 21:11:36 <highvoltage> pitti: but yes, they are mostly harmless

 21:11:39 <pitti> oh, seems moodle isn't on the edubuntu DVD any more

 21:11:52 <cjwatson> with the exception of LTSP most of it's leaf packages, right?

 21:12:06 <highvoltage> pitti: yeah we don't support any php software at this time

 21:12:23 <pitti> my main concern is PHPish stuff and similar web apps

 21:12:37 <stgraber> full list of binary packages: http://paste.ubuntu.com/752980/

 21:12:38 <cjwatson> highvoltage: one thing I will say is that Kubuntu as LTS has not to my knowledge been finalised; it certainly hasn't come up to the TB for approval

 21:12:38 <pitti> highvoltage: ah, good

 21:13:00 <cjwatson> if your LTSness is effectively conditional on that, perhaps we should arrange to talk with the Kubuntu people first ...

 21:13:06 <highvoltage> we'd like to revive the edubuntu-server stuff for 12.10, but that's a whole nother kettle of fish, for now there's no web apps at all.

 21:13:53 <pitti> yeah,  I'm not worried about things like gcompris

 21:13:54 <stgraber> (full list of binary packages currently in universe, that's)

 21:13:55 <cjwatson> highvoltage: on Mono (in your wiki page): Mono isn't actually dropping out of main for 12.04 AFAI

 21:13:55 <highvoltage> cjwatson: indeed. we can wait on what happens with Kubuntu's application. Riddell has informed me that Darkwing is working on it

 21:13:58 <cjwatson> K

 21:14:07 <cjwatson> highvoltage: since it's needed for building bindings and the like

 21:14:19 <pitti> mono> not out of main, but dropping out of the LTS support

 21:14:23 <highvoltage> cjwatson: I just didn't want to wait too long before applying. If Kubuntu is only supported for 3 years then we'd want the same.

 21:14:36 <pitti> so it'll just get the standard 1.5 years; but that's mostly for commercial support

 21:14:46 <pitti> as it's in main, security updates are still covered

 21:14:48 <cjwatson> pitti: I was under the impression that anything required to build desktop/server got the same support lifetime

 21:14:51 <pitti> (not that there are many for mono)

 21:15:15 <pitti> cjwatson: ah, maybe; that line has never been very clear to me

 21:15:22 <pitti> the canonical support one, I mean

 21:15:38 <kees> given that the server half is gone, I think the risk and work for supporting the client bits is likely low. I'd like to see it after Kubuntu's LTSness is finalized, as mentioned.

 21:15:51 <highvoltage> I guess it's also worth mentioning that we don't expect an answer from the TB right away, we just wanted to open op dialog so long and get some feedback

 21:15:56 <stgraber> anyway, we had mono only for gbrainy, banshee and tomboy, same as Ubuntu, so we got the change automatically when pitti did it last week

 21:16:10 <pitti> gbrainy is quite a nice one indeed

 21:16:14 * cjwatson checks LP code

 21:16:25 <cjwatson> I guess I'm mistaken, maintenance-check doesn't pull in build-deps

 21:16:36 <highvoltage> it is. gbrainy is awesome. at least we can encourage users to use software-center by telling them they can get it there :)

 21:16:38 <pitti> but if that will be the only thing for "mono in or out of LTS", it might be ok to drop from the DVD

 21:16:54 <pitti> highvoltage: yeah, I like it, too :)

 21:17:14 <cjwatson> (is mono security support a problem then?  I never paid much attention to that, but I must say I'm a bit surprised)

 21:17:34 <pitti> but anyway, mono commercial support for LTS does sound like a problem ("need this on that new ARM arch"), but security support should be totally doable

 21:18:05 <kees> mono authors in the past have been responsive about security updates.

 21:18:11 <highvoltage> cjwatson: I'm not sure of its security history, but it's something that neither myself or stgraber is much familiar with, or is particularly interested in besides gbrainy, so even just a little work on it would be costly for us if we'd have to do it

 21:18:18 <stgraber> I think the current position of the edubuntu team is that we'd rather avoid being the ones with a programming language in their package set for an LTS release ;)

 21:18:21 <pitti> http://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvekey.cgi?keyword=mono FYI

 21:18:53 <pitti> but anyway, it's still in main, and will be for the forseeable future, so I don't think we could get away with not security-supporting it

 21:19:05 <pitti> but I think we disgress a little

 21:19:07 <micahg> pitti: normally security support is for as long as the package is officially supported

 21:19:15 <stgraber> so if we know we can ship gbrainy and we only commit to maintaing gbrainy for the length of the LTS, that's fine, having to deal with the language itself is a bit much for us :)

 21:19:42 <highvoltage> stgraber: personally I wouldn't mind having mono in if it means that we can keep gbrainy, it just depends on what kind of responsibility comes with it :)

 21:20:44 <kees> alright, so, good start to discussion. is there something specific we should accomplish in the meeting today?

 21:21:29 <stgraber> so yeah, to come back to the actual package list, it's mostly a few educational tools, fonts (not really risky), the gnome fallback session and a bunch of java stuff I'll try to get rid off

 21:21:41 <pitti> so my gut feeling is that aside from the mono/gbrainy question (which we should ask the security team about), is that IF kubuntu is LTS, then edubuntu LTS sounds doable

 21:21:42 <highvoltage> I guess we should see what Kubuntu does, it's probably not a bad idea to set some kind of date for making a final(ish) decision on it

 21:22:26 <kees> sounds like two things for the next meeting, then: a list of the source packages to be security-supported, and an update on Kubuntu LTSness?

 21:22:55 <stgraber> sounds good

 21:23:09 <highvoltage> yep

 21:23:25 <kees> okay, excellent. thanks for bringing this up.

 21:23:37 <kees> [topic] Opening backports pocket pre-release

 21:23:38 <cjwatson> if http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/David_Langford#Basilisks ever happens then we might have to start worrying about font security

 21:23:55 <kees> I may have left this one too soon. do we need to vote on broder's updated proposal?

 21:24:10 <cjwatson> 21:08 <pitti> stgraber: FWIW, we already voted on teh backports one

 21:24:23 <kees> okay, moving on then.

 21:24:31 <kees> [topic] Recurring: Brain storm review (Next due: December 2011)

 21:24:49 <kees> is the output due in dec, or our discussion of assigning who will do output due by dec?

 21:24:51 <pitti> oh, that time of the year already

 21:25:01 <kees> if the former, we need to assign something now.

 21:25:11 <pitti> kees: when I added that originally, I meant the "due date" as "topic for TB meeting"

 21:25:32 <kees> pitti: okay, so we'll save this for the next meeting then?

 21:25:35 <pitti> but finding someone nowish does sound like a good idea either way, given that the next TB meeting will be well within holiday season

 21:25:42 <kees> ah, fair enough.

 21:26:02 <kees> I'd be happy to take it if I could have the requirements a little more well defined.

 21:26:12 <kees> do we have any kind of documentation on how to do the review?

 21:26:28 <cjwatson> we have some by way of cargo-culting from the previous ones

 21:26:37 <cjwatson> mdz sent me links when I did it

 21:26:40 <stgraber> pitti: not to be too picky (because I'm +1 on that plan anyway), can you point me to where we actually voted on that? I just found a +1 from you in the last meeting log but can't find anyone else's vote

 21:26:48 <pitti> kees: what I did is take the top 10 brainstorm items (with a little common sense adjustment), find some people who could give a good reply/action/answer to this, and ask them whether they are willing to do them

 21:27:28 <pitti> stgraber: perhaps I misremember then; if there's doubt, let's just re-vote, should be quick

 21:27:35 <kees> pitti: can you dump the links and that short summary into something like TechnicalBoard/BrainStormReview ?

 21:27:48 <pitti> kees: I can forward you my mails from back then

 21:27:49 <kees> and then I'll go through it for next meeting and try to get comments

 21:27:51 <pitti> or that

 21:28:44 <stgraber> pitti: I'm looking at http://irclogs.ubuntu.com/2011/11/17/%23ubuntu-meeting.html I think it sounds like we all agree in the log but we were only barely quorate, so can't hurt having something a bit better documented :)

 21:28:44 <kees> [action] pitti: document brainstorm review activity

 21:28:44 * meetingology pitti: document brainstorm review activity

 21:28:55 <kees> [action] kees: perform brainstorm review

 21:28:55 * meetingology kees: perform brainstorm review

 21:29:04 <pitti> stgraber: ah, that was it, the quorum, yes

 21:30:06 <kees> let's just do another vote?

 21:30:10 <kees> soren: still with us?

 21:30:13 <soren> Sure.

 21:31:02 <kees> [vote] approve opening backports pre-release proposal as updated in https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/technical-board/2011-November/001137.html

 21:31:02 <meetingology> Please vote on: approve opening backports pre-release proposal as updated in https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/technical-board/2011-November/001137.html

 21:31:02 <meetingology> Public votes can be registered by saying +1, +0 or -1 in channel, (private votes don't work yet, but when they do it will be by messaging the channel followed by +1/-1/+0 to me)

 21:31:22 <pitti> +1

 21:31:22 <meetingology> +1 received from pitti

 21:31:28 <kees> +1

 21:31:28 <meetingology> +1 received from kees

 21:31:29 <stgraber> +1

 21:31:29 <meetingology> +1 received from stgraber

 21:31:30 <soren> Er..

 21:31:37 <soren> +1

 21:31:37 <meetingology> +1 received from soren

 21:31:47 <cjwatson> +1

 21:31:47 <meetingology> +1 received from cjwatson

 21:31:59 <kees> #endvote

 21:31:59 <meetingology> Voting ended on: approve opening backports pre-release proposal as updated in https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/technical-board/2011-November/001137.html

 21:31:59 <meetingology> Votes for:5 Votes against:0 Abstentions:0

 21:31:59 <meetingology> Motion carried

 21:32:08 <soren> Man, that was confusing. I thought we were still talking about the brainstorm review :)

 21:32:11 <kees> okay, officially documented. :)

 21:32:20 <kees> soren: sorry, we switched back. :)

 21:32:29 <kees> [topic] Scan the mailing list archive for anything we missed (standing item)

 21:32:38 <kees> I don't see anything we missed in the archives.

 21:32:54 <stgraber> kees: thanks, sorry for being a bit picky but I like being able to grep through meeting logs and having it properly documented makes it much easier :)

 21:33:17 <kees> stgraber: yeah, no, that's fine. I missed the last meeting, so I don't have all the context for what happened. :)

 21:33:34 <kees> [topic] Check up on community bugs (standing item)

 21:34:16 <kees> I'm not sure what's needed in https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu-community/+bug/174375

 21:34:18 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 174375 in Launchpad itself "Distribution drivers permissions may need redesign" [Low,Triaged]

 21:34:19 <soren> I forget where these would be filed?

 21:34:20 <soren> Oh.

 21:35:07 <kees> soren: giant URL linked from https://wiki.ubuntu.com/TechnicalBoardAgenda

 21:35:33 <soren> kees: You've been so good at copying agenda items from there that I haven't even looked at it this meeting :)

 21:35:49 <kees> hehe

 21:36:32 <kees> and I don't see what actions TB need to take on https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu-community/+bug/252368 either

 21:36:34 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 252368 in Launchpad itself "Automatically associate DD and DM accounts with GPG keys in keyring packages to allow DDs to use the Launchpad Email interface" [Low,Triaged]

 21:36:55 <kees> I'll move ahead unless someone has something to add to these.

 21:38:21 <cjwatson> those two are longish-term tracking bugs, I don't think there's anything to add right now

 21:38:43 <kees> [topic] additional topics?

 21:38:52 <kees> okay, anything else to bring up for this meeting?

 21:38:54 <pitti> nothing from me

 21:39:10 <stgraber> just making sure we have PAE on the agenda for our next meeting

 21:39:13 <stgraber> other than that, nothing else for me

 21:39:57 <kees> I'd like to find someone to drive that topic. I'll see if either jdstrand or slangasek are interested.

 21:40:09 <kees> [topic] Select a chair for the next meeting

 21:40:43 <kees> I think mdz would be alpha-next. who did the last meeting?

 21:40:57 <stgraber> I did but that was because you weren't around at the time

 21:41:07 <stgraber> next one should be pitti

 21:41:11 * kees shakes his fist at DST

 21:41:15 <soren> not mdz?

 21:41:23 <stgraber> (alphabetical order from https://launchpad.net/~techboard/+members)

 21:41:32 <soren> Oh, real names?

 21:41:41 <soren> How.... analog.

 21:41:44 <soren> Ok. :)

 21:41:46 <kees> let's stick with irc nicks :)

 21:41:48 <stgraber> that's what I've been using so far, maybe it conventiently matched to IRC nicks :)

 21:41:59 <pitti> I can chair, no problem

 21:42:38 <kees> well, since mdz isn't here to accept/decline, let's go with pitti.

 21:42:39 <kees> thanks!

 21:43:41 <kees> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/AlanBell/mootbot)