#title #ubuntu-meeting Meeting

Meeting started by Keybuk at 18:05:49 UTC.  The full logs are available
at
http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2011/ubuntu-meeting.2011-08-11-18.05.log.html
.



== Meeting summary ==

 *Action Rview
''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu-community/+bug/174375   (Keybuk, 18:06:08)
''LINK:'' https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/technical-board/2011-August/001007.html   (mdz, 18:08:02)

 *Policy proposal for extensions repository
''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/PartnerRepositoryPolicy   (Keybuk, 18:08:42)
''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/PartnerRepositoryPolicy   (mdz, 18:09:29)

 *AOB?



Meeting ended at 18:25:44 UTC.



== Votes ==


 * Policy proposal for extensions repository
   For: 4 Against: 0 Abstained: 0



== Action items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * Keybuk (34)
 * cjwatson (21)
 * mdz (20)
 * meetingology (14)
 * kees (11)
 * nijaba (2)
 * wendar (2)
 * ubottu (1)



== Full Log ==


 18:05:49 <Keybuk> #startmeeting

 18:05:49 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Aug 11 18:05:49 2011 UTC.  The chair is Keybuk. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/AlanBell/mootbot.

 18:05:49 <meetingology> Useful Commands: #topic #action #link #idea #voters #vote #chair #action #agreed #help #info #endmeeting.

 18:05:54 <Keybuk> #topic Action Rview

 18:05:54 <meetingology> TOPIC: Action Rview

 18:06:08 <Keybuk> Set series RM to ubuntu-release (cjwatson)

 18:06:08 <Keybuk> [LINK] https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu-community/+bug/174375

 18:06:10 <ubottu> Ubuntu bug 174375 in Launchpad itself "Distribution drivers permissions may need redesign" [Low,Triaged]

 18:06:11 <Keybuk> done?

 18:06:15 <cjwatson> yes!

 18:06:17 <cjwatson> at long last

 18:06:20 <Keybuk> Brainstorm review update (cjwatson)

 18:06:39 <cjwatson> not done :-(

 18:06:54 <Keybuk> Send notes on the Extension Repository Policy proposal (everyone)

 18:07:14 <Keybuk> did this mean the Partner repository?

 18:07:16 <Keybuk> or something else/

 18:07:19 <kees> i failed at this, but mdz had good things to say

 18:07:34 <kees> it's the merged partner and extras policy

 18:07:41 <Keybuk> I don't think I've seen that

 18:07:57 <wendar> I've updated the proposal to the latest from the technical-board mailing list thread.

 18:08:02 <mdz> https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/technical-board/2011-August/001007.html

 18:08:07 <kees> there has been a thread about it on the tb list

 18:08:18 <mdz> all of the issues I raised have been addressed

 18:08:21 <Keybuk> mdz: right, that's the thread I meant by "the Partner repository"

 18:08:29 <Keybuk> we have a separate agenda item for that

 18:08:31 <Keybuk> so

 18:08:36 <Keybuk> [TOPIC] Policy proposal for extensions repository

 18:08:36 <meetingology> TOPIC: Policy proposal for extensions repository

 18:08:36 <mdz> Keybuk, extension = partner + ARB + ...?

 18:08:42 <Keybuk> [LINK] https://wiki.ubuntu.com/PartnerRepositoryPolicy

 18:09:20 <Keybuk> so all of mdz'

 18:09:24 <Keybuk> s issues have been addressed

 18:09:29 <mdz> https://wiki.ubuntu.com/PartnerRepositoryPolicy

 18:09:30 <Keybuk> did anyone else have issues with the policy?

 18:10:01 <mdz> it was just updated today with the changes discussed

 18:10:05 <cjwatson> some of the rules are unnecessary (we already have transitive closure rules for the components of the Ubuntu archive proper), but no matter

 18:11:31 <mdz> is anyone NOT prepared to vote on it today?

 18:11:34 <cjwatson> I'm happy that the set of differences are proportionate to what these repositories need, and that they aren't unreasonably hard for archive admins to enforce

 18:11:59 <cjwatson> if approved, it should be linked from the archive admin docs and archive admins should be made aware of it

 18:12:03 <kees> I'm happy with it. I'd love to see a "nice to have" area (e.g. "built with ubuntu's compiler"), but I don't think there is really a place for that

 18:12:10 <Keybuk> I think, given the resounding silence, and given the healthy ML thread, we should go ahead and vote

 18:12:13 <mdz> I'm conscious that this was first proposed in May

 18:12:28 <Keybuk> [VOTE] Policy proposal for extensions repository

 18:12:28 <meetingology> Please vote on: Policy proposal for extensions repository

 18:12:28 <meetingology> Public votes can be registered by saying +1, +0 or -1 in channel, (private votes don't work yet, but when they do it will be by messaging the channel followed by +1/-1/+0 to me)

 18:12:34 <mdz> +1

 18:12:34 <meetingology> +1 received from mdz

 18:12:35 <cjwatson> +1

 18:12:35 <meetingology> +1 received from cjwatson

 18:12:36 <Keybuk> +1

 18:12:36 <meetingology> +1 received from Keybuk

 18:12:38 <kees> +1

 18:12:38 <meetingology> +1 received from kees

 18:12:41 <Keybuk> #endvote

 18:12:41 <meetingology> Voting ended on: Policy proposal for extensions repository

 18:12:41 <meetingology> Votes for:4 Votes against:0 Abstentions:0

 18:12:41 <meetingology> Motion carried

 18:12:52 * nijaba thanks the board

 18:13:02 * wendar too

 18:13:08 <kees> thanks nijaba and wendar !

 18:13:13 <mdz> nijaba, wendar, sorry it took so long to get here

 18:13:25 <Keybuk> nijaba: thank you for your work on this

 18:14:14 <nijaba> Keybuk: wendar did help a lot too :)

 18:14:23 <Keybuk> ok,

 18:14:26 <Keybuk> [TOPIC] AOB?

 18:14:26 <meetingology> TOPIC: AOB?

 18:15:05 <cjwatson> I have one small item

 18:15:35 <Keybuk> cjwatson: go for it

 18:15:41 <cjwatson> I'm also checking with Mark in his capacity as my employer, but figured I'd ask the board as well

 18:15:56 <cjwatson> at DebConf, Stefano and Bdale asked if I'd like to serve on the Debian Technical Committee

 18:16:12 <cjwatson> I'm minded to accept, but would like to check that nobody on the TB feels this is any kind of conflict

 18:16:30 <mdz> do you anticipate the tech-ctte becoming more active?

 18:17:23 <mdz> hmm, looking at the archives, maybe it already is

 18:17:35 <kees> I have trouble imagining a direct conflict. seems like it would be bebficial. might be more work than expected since we sometimes move items from here to tech-ctte

 18:17:41 <cjwatson> it's active in the sense that it responds in a reasonably timely fashion nowadays

 18:17:49 <kees> *beneficial

 18:18:15 <mdz> I could imagine situations where you would want to abstain from certain decisions in either role

 18:18:29 <cjwatson> there are limits to how active it can be in some senses since its role is laid down in the Debian constitution; for example the constitution says that it does not do technical design

 18:18:31 <mdz> but no conflict of interest in occpying it

 18:18:34 <Keybuk> speaking as somebody who serves in a technical capacity on two competing Linux distributions already, I don't see a conflict

 18:18:50 <kees> true, but I think that almost stems more from being a dev than a board member

 18:19:28 <cjwatson> but Bdale did say he was looking for somebody who would be able to help drive discussions forward, and a wider range of experience

 18:19:40 <cjwatson> I think the activity level of the TC is such that I can manage that

 18:20:21 <cjwatson> there was some discussion at DebConf, so interested people may like to review the video of that session

 18:20:48 <Keybuk> cjwatson: though I do worry that when you do burnout from taking on too much, the resulting explosion could end all life on this planet

 18:20:51 <cjwatson> I agree that there are cases where abstentions would be needed, although I haven't seen any such in recent activity

 18:20:55 <kees> how do people get onto the TC? appointment?

 18:21:04 <cjwatson> appointment by DPL + existing TC

 18:22:04 <kees> yeah, I'd say go for it as long as you don't think you'll be spread too thin

 18:22:13 <cjwatson> at the very least I must admit it's gratifying to be asked :)

 18:22:13 <mdz> +1

 18:22:28 <cjwatson> so ok, thanks for the feedback folks, I'll try to get hold of Mark once he's back from his travels

 18:22:57 <Keybuk> great

 18:23:05 <Keybuk> mdz: I believe you're next chair in alphabetical rotation?

 18:23:29 * mdz nods

 18:24:06 <Keybuk> great

 18:24:10 <Keybuk> then if there's nothing else ...

 18:24:13 <mdz> Keybuk, agenda will be empty following this meeting, yes?

 18:24:23 <Keybuk> mdz: it will, but I still can't edit the wiki, so if you could clear it ...

 18:24:25 <mdz> I think that's our first "zero moment" in a while

 18:24:57 <mdz> so, yay

 18:25:19 <mdz> cjwatson, do you need help with the brainstorm review?

 18:25:34 <mdz> unfortunately I can't offer myself at present

 18:25:40 <cjwatson> no, I just had to put a lot of stuff on hold while away in the Balkans

 18:25:44 <Keybuk> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.4 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/AlanBell/mootbot)