#title #ubuntu-meeting Meeting

Meeting started by topyli at 11:03:18 UTC.  The full logs are available
at
http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2011/ubuntu-meeting.2011-08-13-11.03.log.html
.



== Meeting summary ==

''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/IRC/IrcCouncil/MeetingAgenda   (topyli, 11:03:26)
''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/IRC/IrcCouncil/MeetingAgenda   (topyli, 11:04:08)
''LINK:'' https://launchpadlibrarian.net/72478406/guidelines_example_m4v.txt   (tsimpson, 11:08:55)
''ACTION:'' topyli and jussi to review m4v's guidelines draft  (topyli, 11:12:55)
 *Add eir to #ubuntu
''ACTION:'' tsimpson to announce and enable eir in #ubuntu  (topyli, 11:34:00)



Meeting ended at 11:35:05 UTC.



== Votes ==




== Action items ==

 * topyli and jussi to review m4v's guidelines draft
 * tsimpson to announce and enable eir in #ubuntu



== Action items, by person ==

 * jussi
 ** topyli and jussi to review m4v's guidelines draft
 * topyli
 ** topyli and jussi to review m4v's guidelines draft
 * tsimpson
 ** tsimpson to announce and enable eir in #ubuntu



== People present (lines said) ==

 * topyli (36)
 * tsimpson (31)
 * jussi (18)
 * elky (13)
 * meetingology (5)
 * IdleOne (4)
 * ubottu (1)



== Full Log ==


 11:03:18 <topyli> #startmeeting

 11:03:18 <meetingology> Meeting started Sat Aug 13 11:03:18 2011 UTC.  The chair is topyli. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/AlanBell/mootbot.

 11:03:18 <meetingology> Useful Commands: #topic #action #link #idea #voters #vote #chair #action #agreed #help #info #endmeeting.

 11:03:26 <topyli> https://wiki.ubuntu.com/IRC/IrcCouncil/MeetingAgenda

 11:03:52 <jussi> Remeber this is a different bot

 11:04:08 <topyli> #link https://wiki.ubuntu.com/IRC/IrcCouncil/MeetingAgenda

 11:04:21 <topyli> grr. i blame the bot

 11:04:48 <topyli> did we have any actions from last time?

 11:05:22 <topyli> we didn't

 11:05:23 <jussi> not that I see

 11:05:41 <tsimpson> we do have the previous-previous actions

 11:05:51 <jussi> still have this bug open: https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu-community/+bug/788503

 11:05:53 <ubottu> Ubuntu bug 788503 in ubuntu-community "IRC Guidelines too #ubuntu centric" [Undecided,In progress]

 11:06:05 <jussi> tsimpson: which were?

 11:06:12 <tsimpson> that bug :)

 11:06:15 <topyli> is it still in progress?

 11:06:29 <tsimpson> it stalled

 11:07:46 <elky> howso?

 11:08:01 <tsimpson> in that all activity on it seems to have stopped

 11:08:24 <elky> you volunteering to chase up on those who were contributing?

 11:08:26 <tsimpson> m4v posted an sample draft, but that's about it

 11:08:55 <tsimpson> https://launchpadlibrarian.net/72478406/guidelines_example_m4v.txt

 11:09:29 <jussi> So any ideas on making this go forward? is it just someone needs to go do the work? or?

 11:09:33 <topyli> oh i meant to study that but i forgot all about it. bad topyli

 11:09:46 <elky> i volunteer topyli then :P

 11:10:38 <topyli> i could see what m4v's draft changes and if it's good. i can action that and report in the next meeting

 11:11:32 <topyli> does that sound sane?

 11:11:34 <jussi> Ill work with you on that if you like

 11:12:15 <topyli> i would. won't hurt to have more eyeballs, it's a rather important document

 11:12:55 <topyli> #action topyli and jussi to review m4v's guidelines draft

 11:12:55 * meetingology topyli and jussi to review m4v's guidelines draft

 11:13:17 <topyli> #topic Add eir to #ubuntu

 11:13:17 <meetingology> TOPIC: Add eir to #ubuntu

 11:13:39 <topyli> tsimpson: you know how this is going :)

 11:13:55 <jussi> Peoples, Im real sorry, I need to run. Something has just come up.

 11:13:56 <elky> whaaa...

 11:14:02 <tsimpson> it's basically ready

 11:14:09 * elky points at the topic vandalism. bad bot, bad

 11:14:36 <topyli> elky: oh good point, need to change that before ending the meeting

 11:15:19 <topyli> tsimpson: i haven't been following this very well either. is it in testing as planned?

 11:15:22 <tsimpson> looks like it changes it back at the end of the meeting

 11:15:30 <topyli> ah

 11:15:40 <elky> it probably shouldnt' change at all in this channel...

 11:15:59 <tsimpson> topyli: nhandler and I have tested it, the worst way it can fail is that comments aren't added to the BT

 11:16:36 <tsimpson> we were hoping for more people to test it out, but testers didn't materialize

 11:16:44 <tsimpson> still, I think it's generally usable

 11:17:29 <topyli> maybe just go ahead and put it to real life testing in #ubuntu, monitor it and see whether or not it works?

 11:17:45 <topyli> if it fails dramatically, we should notice it in a matter of hours

 11:17:55 <tsimpson> that's the plan

 11:18:16 <tsimpson> as I say though, it really can't disrupt anything

 11:18:58 <topyli> yeah, but not having BT comments would be a regression. which we'll notice

 11:19:09 <topyli> it's not hard to pull it back if necessary, is it?

 11:19:15 <tsimpson> no, only the comments directed to eir would not be added

 11:19:19 <jussi> right, Im back

 11:19:24 <tsimpson> people can still use @comment or the web interface

 11:19:27 <topyli> ahh

 11:20:00 <topyli> jussi: quick work, whatever it was :)

 11:20:24 <jussi> the emeergency that wasnt

 11:20:36 <elky> the best kind of emergency

 11:21:07 <jussi> anyway, I say we make the announcement and put eir in.

 11:22:13 <tsimpson> we already announced that it was planned, we just need to pick a date and announce that

 11:22:35 <jussi> Monday :) then most people are around.

 11:22:45 <topyli> yes. how soon can you manage it?

 11:23:08 <tsimpson> whenever, I just need to change some @config values

 11:23:15 <tsimpson> (it's already in ubottu, just not enabled in #ubuntu etc)

 11:23:52 <tsimpson> and we'd need to actually get eir in #ubuntu and -ops-team

 11:23:53 <jussi> So any probs then with  monday morning, tsimpson time?

 11:24:20 <topyli> monday would give us time to announce it, i'm for it

 11:24:54 <tsimpson> we need to actually teach people how to use eir too

 11:25:12 <jussi> Maybe we could run a session or 2 on that

 11:25:15 <tsimpson> and probably explain exactly what we want to use it for

 11:25:19 <jussi> put the logs somewhere

 11:25:29 <tsimpson> I think some people think it's replacing the ban tracker

 11:26:10 <topyli> i've noticed that too

 11:26:41 <topyli> so maybe monday is too soon? should we give it a week still?

 11:27:13 <tsimpson> I think the opposite ;)

 11:27:15 <elky> i'd give it until the docs are done.

 11:27:15 <jussi> mind, this could be explained in the announcement

 11:27:23 <topyli> jussi: true

 11:27:24 <tsimpson> put eir in there, so people can play with it

 11:27:25 <jussi> docs are done already

 11:28:03 <tsimpson> docs are available on http://freenode.net/eir.shtml

 11:28:18 <tsimpson> it just takes a little getting used to

 11:28:31 <jussi> Im still well in favour of monday, if tsimpson can get the announcement written by then

 11:29:19 <tsimpson> I'd like to collaborate with nhandler on it too, he's the resident eir guru

 11:29:20 <topyli> the confidence level here suggests i should agree :)

 11:29:46 <elky> i'm more interested in everyone being prepared for it.

 11:30:02 <elky> rather than how fast we can get the shiny toy

 11:30:07 <tsimpson> there's not a lot to prepare for, all the eir commands are post-action

 11:30:25 <tsimpson> so ops can still act as before, eir is just an add-on

 11:30:32 <topyli> people can work as they always have, as i understand this eir doesn't take anything away

 11:30:39 <IdleOne> add the bot to the channel and let's get to it.

 11:30:47 <IdleOne> we can learn on our feet

 11:30:52 <IdleOne> MHO

 11:31:19 <elky> then can we vote or whatever rather than this

 11:31:20 <tsimpson> all ops need to remember, is to communicate with eir in #ubuntu-ops-team rather than in private (so ubottu can pick up the comments)

 11:31:23 <topyli> "MHCO, my humble but corrrect opinion"

 11:31:37 <jussi> IdleOne: I agree. it isnt going to affect much if people dont know it yet, they will learn on the fly.

 11:31:46 <IdleOne> +1

 11:33:03 <topyli> elky: object to tsimpson making the announcement and going ahead with on monday?

 11:33:10 <elky> nope

 11:33:23 <topyli> alright, no vote

 11:33:47 <tsimpson> we already voted for it anyway, this is just the implementation

 11:33:47 <elky> any other business?

 11:34:00 <topyli> #action tsimpson to announce and enable eir in #ubuntu

 11:34:00 * meetingology tsimpson to announce and enable eir in #ubuntu

 11:34:57 <topyli> looks like we're done then

 11:35:05 <topyli> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.4 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/AlanBell/mootbot)