#title #ubuntu-meeting Meeting

Meeting started by bdmurray at 18:03:32 UTC.  The full logs are
available at
http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2011/ubuntu-meeting.2011-12-14-18.03.log.html
.



== Meeting summary ==

''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/BugSquad/Meetings   (bdmurray, 18:03:56)
 *Previous Actions

 *Engineering Team Bug Status
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~kernel/reports/kt-meeting.txt   (jsalisbury, 18:07:04)
''ACTION:'' bdmurray find out where the rhythmbox apport hook went  (bdmurray, 18:16:39)

 *Bug Escalations

 *Other Topics



Meeting ended at 18:29:15 UTC.



== Votes ==




== Action items ==

 * bdmurray find out where the rhythmbox apport hook went



== Action items, by person ==

 * bdmurray
 ** bdmurray find out where the rhythmbox apport hook went



== People present (lines said) ==

 * bdmurray (31)
 * bil21al (5)
 * meetingology (4)
 * jsalisbury (3)
 * ubottu (3)
 * pedro_ (1)



== Full Log ==


 18:03:32 <bdmurray> #startmeeting

 18:03:32 <meetingology> Meeting started Wed Dec 14 18:03:32 2011 UTC.  The chair is bdmurray. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/AlanBell/mootbot.

 18:03:32 <meetingology> 

 18:03:32 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 18:03:48 <bdmurray> Hi, its time for the weekly "Bugs" meeting

 18:03:56 <bdmurray> https://wiki.ubuntu.com/BugSquad/Meetings

 18:05:01 <bdmurray> #topic Previous Actions

 18:05:08 * bdmurray bdmurray update the topic in #ubuntu-bugs regarding meetings: DONE

 18:05:37 * bdmurray bdmurray send bugs meeting announcement before the next meeting - that didn't get done

 18:05:55 <bdmurray> #topic Engineering Team Bug Status

 18:06:58 <jsalisbury> From the kernel side, no specific bug to report.  However, a report on new kernel bugs can be found at:

 18:07:04 <jsalisbury> [LINK] http://people.canonical.com/~kernel/reports/kt-meeting.txt

 18:07:38 <bdmurray> I saw that bug 894768 is fixed which is great

 18:07:40 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 894768 in linux (Ubuntu Precise) "Installation randomly fails with: File "/usr/lib/ubiquity/ubiquity/install_misc.py", line 621, in copy_file targetfh.write(buf) IOError: [Errno 22] Invalid argument " [High,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/894768

 18:08:24 <jsalisbury> yes that was an important bug that was found during iso-testing

 18:08:42 <bdmurray> bug 850264 is still being worked on

 18:08:44 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 850264 in apt (Ubuntu Precise) "given a foreign architecture of i386 on amd64 machine, and an outdated libc, apt tries to remove libc-bin" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/850264

 18:09:34 <bdmurray> I've written a bug pattern for that but it only matches english error messages

 18:09:49 <bdmurray> so there may be some more duplicates hiding

 18:10:23 <bdmurray> pedro_: do you have anything?

 18:11:00 <pedro_> m nope nothing on the top of my head, i've been doing cleanup in some products like rhythmbox brasero, quite a lot of unattended bugs there

 18:12:09 <bdmurray> pedro_: oh, that reminds me of bug 737598

 18:12:10 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 737598 in rhythmbox (Ubuntu) "apport package hook should not be run if it is a crash" [Medium,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/737598

 18:13:44 <bdmurray> oh, that was really a question in the last comment.

 18:14:08 <bdmurray> pedro_: I actually don't see a package hook for rhythmbox.  Do you know what happened?

 18:16:39 <bdmurray> [ACTION] bdmurray find out where the rhythmbox apport hook went

 18:16:39 * meetingology bdmurray find out where the rhythmbox apport hook went

 18:17:24 <bdmurray> #topic Bug Escalations

 18:17:41 <bdmurray> Are there any bugs that should be brought to our attention?

 18:18:44 <bdmurray> I'd like this be a time when community members can bring up bugs that are important and aren't seeing progress being made.

 18:20:17 <bil21al> bdmurray we dont have the empathy triager now days the bugs are more i am triaging them but i am not so experience but i try my best i am in touch with kenvandine and cassidy those days for this purpose

 18:20:44 <bdmurray> bil21al: as you learn things it would be great if you could document them

 18:22:00 <bdmurray> that way everyone can learn how to help

 18:22:40 <bil21al> yes but here is a problem i cant set the importance of bug  can you say some one of bug control to do so give empathy 1 hour in a day

 18:23:32 <bdmurray> bil21al: have you asked for someone to set the importance in #ubuntu-bugs.  usually if you say I think bug xyz should be high people will help you out

 18:24:01 <bdmurray> bil21al: alternatively if you email the mailing list with a list of bugs and importances I'm sure it'd be acted on

 18:24:30 <bdmurray> bil21al: How does that sound?

 18:25:24 <bil21al> ok

 18:25:49 <bdmurray> great

 18:25:55 <bil21al> i will ask some one in our channel.at bug squard

 18:25:59 <bdmurray> #topic Other Topics

 18:26:15 <bdmurray> Is there anything else to discuss?

 18:26:36 <bdmurray> Who'll be around for next week's meeting?

 18:27:01 <bdmurray> I will ;-)

 18:27:44 <bil21al> u are the head  u should be :)

 18:29:02 <bdmurray> okay, thanks everyone

 18:29:15 <bdmurray> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/AlanBell/mootbot)