#title #ubuntu-meeting Meeting

Meeting started by geser at 19:05:16 UTC.  The full logs are available
at
http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2011/ubuntu-meeting.2011-12-05-19.05.log.html
.



== Meeting summary ==

 *Review of previous action items

 *MOTU application: Julian Taylor
''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/JulianTaylor/MOTUApplication   (geser, 19:16:47)

 *Core Dev application: Micah Gersten
''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/micahg/CoreDevApplication   (geser, 19:41:19)



Meeting ended at 20:14:04 UTC.



== Votes ==


 * Should Julian Taylor become a MOTU?
   For: 5 Against: 0 Abstained: 0

 * Should Micah Gersten become an Ubuntu Core-Dev?
   For: 4 Against: 0 Abstained: 0



== Action items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * geser (44)
 * stgraber (34)
 * micahg (32)
 * tumbleweed (23)
 * meetingology (22)
 * jtaylor (16)
 * jbicha (11)
 * bdrung (3)
 * cody-somerville (1)



== Full Log ==


 19:05:16 <geser> #startmeeting

 19:05:17 <meetingology> Meeting started Mon Dec  5 19:05:16 2011 UTC.  The chair is geser. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/AlanBell/mootbot.

 19:05:17 <meetingology> 

 19:05:17 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 19:05:34 <geser> Welcome to the Developer Membership Board meeting

 19:06:17 <geser> #topic Review of previous action items

 19:07:01 <geser> * Laney to document package set application process

 19:07:07 <geser> what's the status of this?

 19:07:17 <tumbleweed> looks done

 19:07:38 <micahg> geser: Laney isn't around ATM, but looks does

 19:07:57 <geser> ok

 19:08:17 <geser> * micahg to ping all packageset teams to get a description we can use for future changes

 19:08:37 <micahg> geser: not done yet, will try to have that finished before the next meeting

 19:09:08 <geser> ok, is there a wiki page documentating the ones you got already a response?

 19:09:22 <micahg> I haven't sent out the initial mails yet :(

 19:09:39 <geser> ok

 19:09:59 <geser> * tumbleweed to create private DMB channel for realtime use during meetings

 19:10:06 <geser> this is done

 19:10:37 <tumbleweed> it's currently invite-only, so not useful for people with questions

 19:10:44 <tumbleweed> (unless they get invited)

 19:11:07 <geser> * jbicha to create a list of packages from the .modules files for the desktop-extra package set

 19:11:33 <geser> did we get that list? (I haven't checked my mails today yet)

 19:11:36 <tumbleweed> nope

 19:11:38 <tumbleweed> and no sign of him

 19:11:59 <geser> so the "desktop-extra" package set is on hold too, right?

 19:12:00 <tumbleweed> oh, hang on, he's online again

 19:12:31 <tumbleweed> I think I whoised him on the wrong network before...

 19:13:12 <tumbleweed> ...anyway, not here now...

 19:13:52 * bdrung waves.

 19:14:09 <geser> in which timezone does he live? is it a time zone problem?

 19:14:45 <stgraber> launchpad says US eastern

 19:15:02 <stgraber> so both timezones shouldn't be too bad if he can connect from work

 19:15:56 <geser> let's hope we get a list for the next meeting (to get this finally done)

 19:16:35 <geser> #topic MOTU application: Julian Taylor

 19:16:47 <geser> #link https://wiki.ubuntu.com/JulianTaylor/MOTUApplication

 19:16:54 <stgraber> yeah, I'm not against discussing it on the mailing-list so we don't need jbicha to be at the meeting. If we have the list and everything before, we can probably just vote on it

 19:16:55 <geser> jtaylor: your stage :)

 19:17:10 <stgraber> I don't think the package set was controversial or anything, we really just needed the list :)

 19:17:57 <jtaylor> hi, most of you have probably already seen me hanging around in the various ubuntu irc channels

 19:18:36 <jtaylor> I have now been involved in ubuntu and debian for almost a year in various areas, packaging, bug triaging, education

 19:19:07 <jtaylor> I was recently involved in a few transitions and tasks in ubuntu, namely as-needed fixing, dh_python2 transition and mono 2.10 transition

 19:19:30 <jtaylor> I now want to apply for motu membership to relieve the sponsors from some work :)

 19:20:19 <tumbleweed> 'bout time :)

 19:20:24 <stgraber> cool, so a few questions based on recent events :) are you subscribed to ubuntu-devel-announce and read it usually within 24 hours of an e-mail getting on there? :)

 19:20:54 <jtaylor> yes I'm subscribed to -announce and -motu and usually read it at least once a day

 19:21:04 <stgraber> good

 19:21:07 <jtaylor> also -ubuntu-devel

 19:21:20 <jtaylor> (+ main debian lists)

 19:21:31 <stgraber> now we're on alpha-2 release week and you have some universe packages to upload, what do you check and what do you do?

 19:22:32 <jtaylor> before alpha the archive is a soft freeze to not distrupt the iso building

 19:22:45 <jtaylor> but so far I know that should only affect main

 19:23:07 <stgraber> nope, it doesn't, that's the tricky part :)

 19:23:15 <geser> s/main/packages on CDs/

 19:23:26 <micahg> s/CDs/images/

 19:23:34 <geser> and some flavours build from universe

 19:23:58 * tumbleweed just wrote a tool to check that, I'd love reviews of it :)

 19:24:07 <stgraber> basically anything that's seeded (be it main or universe) and that's not exclusively in the SUPPORTED seed

 19:24:20 <micahg> tumbleweed: I'd love to :)

 19:24:31 <stgraber> tumbleweed: awesome!

 19:25:04 <tumbleweed> [OT]: lp:~stefanor/ubuntu-dev-tools/on-images-876554

 19:25:08 <tumbleweed> back to regular programming...

 19:25:14 <jtaylor> ah ok, should I be accepted I'll of course check up with expericend members before every action I do

 19:25:31 <stgraber> jtaylor: so yeah, not touching anything on the ISO during a release week without poking the release team about it is the right answer, just be careful as we have quite a few of them in universe now

 19:26:22 <geser> jtaylor: no worry, I've to remember myself about this too when it's time for a soft freeze

 19:27:42 <tumbleweed> jtaylor: any ideas for dealing with bugs that remain unfixed forever? I suspect you doing your best to fix them all would lead to burnout rather than a real improvement... :/

 19:28:07 <geser> tumbleweed: invent cloning :)

 19:28:42 <tumbleweed> yeah, we could use more jtaylors

 19:28:53 <jtaylor> I currently follow the procedure that when someone asks directly via email or irc about an annoying I try to get it fixed or at least on the right track

 19:29:56 <tumbleweed> sure, I do that too. But then we just fix the issues raised by people who know ubuntu-developers...

 19:30:27 <micahg> jtaylor: are you aware of how to get the relevant changelog entries into a .changes file and verify they're in there?

 19:32:21 <jtaylor> hm dpkg-genchanges creates the changes files, and you can read them with a text editor

 19:33:15 <micahg> jtaylor: right, but how do you make sure that the relevant entries are in there?  default is just the last entry

 19:34:21 <jtaylor> I don't know :/

 19:34:58 <stgraber> micahg: you mean, like when merging from Debian?

 19:35:03 <micahg> jtaylor: if you pass -v to dpkg-buildpackage (or debuild) with the last version uploaded, you'll get all the entries after that version

 19:35:11 <micahg> stgraber: yes

 19:36:14 <jtaylor> ah it passes that to dpkg-genchanges

 19:36:37 <jtaylor> not scanned the manpage fast enough ;)

 19:36:57 <micahg> jtaylor: right :)

 19:37:20 <geser> any other questions?

 19:38:22 * stgraber is ready to vote

 19:39:18 * micahg is ready

 19:39:20 <geser> #vote Should Julian Taylor become a MOTU?

 19:39:20 <meetingology> Please vote on: Should Julian Taylor become a MOTU?

 19:39:20 <meetingology> Public votes can be registered by saying +1, +0 or -1 in channel, (private votes don't work yet, but when they do it will be by messaging the channel followed by +1/-1/+0 to me)

 19:39:44 <tumbleweed> +1 [ I endorsed him ]

 19:39:44 <meetingology> +1 [ I endorsed him ] received from tumbleweed

 19:39:49 <geser> +1

 19:39:49 <meetingology> +1 received from geser

 19:39:51 <stgraber> +1

 19:39:51 <meetingology> +1 received from stgraber

 19:39:54 <bdrung> +1

 19:39:54 <meetingology> +1 received from bdrung

 19:39:57 <micahg> +1 good packaging work, good interaction w/peers and community in general

 19:39:57 <meetingology> +1 good packaging work, good interaction w/peers and community in general received from micahg

 19:40:14 <geser> #endvote

 19:40:14 <meetingology> Voting ended on: Should Julian Taylor become a MOTU?

 19:40:14 <meetingology> Votes for:5 Votes against:0 Abstentions:0

 19:40:14 <meetingology> Motion carried

 19:40:18 <tumbleweed> that was easy

 19:40:25 <tumbleweed> jtaylor: congratulations

 19:40:32 <micahg> jtaylor: congratulations

 19:40:41 <jtaylor> thanks :)

 19:40:48 <stgraber> congrats!

 19:41:09 <geser> #topic Core Dev application: Micah Gersten

 19:41:19 <geser> #link https://wiki.ubuntu.com/micahg/CoreDevApplication

 19:41:22 * micahg moves to the other side of the table

 19:41:23 <geser> micahg: your stage

 19:41:31 <stgraber> ah yeah, right, he isn't a core dev :)

 19:42:16 <micahg> HI, I've been an Ubuntu developer for about 18 months now, working on various things, FTBFS, RC Bugs, Xubuntu, Mozilla stack

 19:43:31 <stgraber> win 40

 19:43:35 <stgraber> doh :)

 19:43:49 <jbicha> and you helped keep

 19:43:59 <jbicha> Chromium going!

 19:44:10 <micahg> I enjoy solving problems (getting pkg-config and cmake to play nice was fun)

 19:44:16 <geser> micahg: what's the biggest difference between MOTU and core-dev in your eyes?

 19:47:18 <micahg> geser: Both are generalists, core-dev I believe is expected to know more about the possible impact of changes that updating a package can have on the rest of the archive, also be a driver of transitions and other release related activities (with consultation with the release team of course)

 19:48:53 <geser> based on the comments in your application, I guess there is no need to ask you questions about policies :)

 19:48:55 <micahg> A core-dev is also a leader that tries to help other developers DTRT or fix other issues

 19:49:30 <micahg> geser: I still have plenty to learn :)

 19:49:36 <tumbleweed> micahg: do you see any solutions to the latest-crack-in-PPAs issue you raise?

 19:49:50 <stgraber> micahg: so are you subscribed and reading -announce? :P

 19:50:48 <micahg> tumbleweed: well, the -backports team seems to have new life thanks to you and broder, I recently became a member of that team as well, I think we can leverage -backports for some of those packages, as for others, I don't think I have an answer for it ATM

 19:51:03 * tumbleweed isn't even part of the team, but shh

 19:51:05 <micahg> stgraber: yes, I post there sometimes as well :)

 19:51:18 <micahg> tumbleweed: you helped make tools :)

 19:52:31 <geser> any other questions?

 19:52:34 * tumbleweed is done

 19:52:37 <stgraber> nope

 19:53:13 <geser> #vote Should Micah Gersten become an Ubuntu Core-Dev?

 19:53:13 <meetingology> Please vote on: Should Micah Gersten become an Ubuntu Core-Dev?

 19:53:13 <meetingology> Public votes can be registered by saying +1, +0 or -1 in channel, (private votes don't work yet, but when they do it will be by messaging the channel followed by +1/-1/+0 to me)

 19:53:18 <geser> +1

 19:53:18 <meetingology> +1 received from geser

 19:53:20 <bdrung> +1

 19:53:20 <meetingology> +1 received from bdrung

 19:53:20 <stgraber> +1

 19:53:20 <meetingology> +1 received from stgraber

 19:53:22 <tumbleweed> +1

 19:53:22 <meetingology> +1 received from tumbleweed

 19:53:35 <geser> #endvote

 19:53:35 <meetingology> Voting ended on: Should Micah Gersten become an Ubuntu Core-Dev?

 19:53:35 <meetingology> Votes for:4 Votes against:0 Abstentions:0

 19:53:35 <meetingology> Motion carried

 19:54:00 <micahg> I'm honored, thank you :)

 19:55:15 <jbicha> My apologies for being late again, do we have enough time left in the meeting?

 19:55:40 <geser> as jbichs is now here, let's get back to: * jbicha to create a list of packages from the .modules files for the desktop-extra package set

 19:55:55 <tumbleweed> jbicha: I see you just mailed us

 19:57:56 <stgraber> looks good, I just wouldn't move vinagre for now until it's been officially dropped

 19:58:32 <jbicha> stgraber: yes, that makes sense

 19:58:43 <stgraber> I'm guessing all the -sharp moving from -desktop and core are because of the drop of tomboy, gbrainy and banshee?

 19:59:01 <cody-somerville> +1

 19:59:10 <micahg> I'm not comfortable with mono in there

 19:59:59 <jbicha> micahg: why not?

 20:00:25 <stgraber> micahg: I tend to agree with you, especially as we'll likely keep it in main as a common build-dep for a few packages in main

 20:00:26 <micahg> jbicha: it's an entirely different system of packages

 20:00:32 <stgraber> micahg: I'm quite surprised it's not currently in core

 20:01:08 <micahg> jbicha: I'm fine with GTK/GLIB based apps and libraries

 20:01:09 <jbicha> stgraber: maybe it's still in core?

 20:02:00 <stgraber> jbicha: could be, I just assumed that if he wasn't in your list of stuff to drop from core it's because it currently isn't

 20:02:23 <micahg> stgraber: I think since Kubuntu doesn't use it maybe

 20:02:27 <jbicha> micahg: you're proposing that the set description say "except Mono" ?

 20:02:33 <stgraber> yeah, it's in core currently

 20:03:06 <stgraber> and also in cli-mono

 20:03:27 <stgraber> and some bits are in ubuntu-desktop

 20:03:47 <micahg> jbicha: no, I'd like it limited to GTK based apps/libraries, not cores of other stacks

 20:04:01 * micahg remembers pulseaudio on the original list but not in this update

 20:05:35 <geser> do you want to discuss this now or per mail till the next meeting and/or IRC with #ubuntu-desktop?

 20:05:48 <jbicha> micahg: ok, are you saying no to mono, but banshee for instance would still be ok?

 20:06:17 <stgraber> banshee would be fine as it's part of the gnome project and not in the default install

 20:06:25 <stgraber> mono is a programming language that's not part of the gnome project

 20:06:30 <micahg> jbicha: yeah, since that's a GTK based app, I think that's fine + what stgraber said

 20:06:31 <jbicha> ah ok, I don't have a problem with that then

 20:06:54 <jbicha> I just misunderstand :)

 20:06:59 <stgraber> in most cases I'm fine pulling some of the dependencies in the package sets, but pulling a whole language seems a bit too much :)

 20:07:18 <micahg> yeah, I'd like to limit it to things that are developed as part of the GNOME project and not their core dependencies (pulseaudio, mono)

 20:08:52 <geser> are you ready to vote on the package set? or on the next meeting?

 20:09:21 <stgraber> I'd rather have a new package list. I don't think it's blocking a lot of work at the moment and I'd rather have it done properly the first time around

 20:10:01 <jbicha> maybe vote on the mailing list?

 20:10:46 <micahg> +1, I'd like a definition that limits this to GNOME developed apps as well (I think any external dependencies could be posed as an exception if it's worth adding)

 20:12:25 <geser> ok, so next meeting it is

 20:12:43 <geser> any other business?

 20:13:13 <geser> any volunteers for chair?

 20:13:46 <stgraber> geser: next one in alphabetical order, or just re-assign to cody :)

 20:14:00 <geser> ok

 20:14:04 <geser> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/AlanBell/mootbot)