#title #ubuntu-meeting Meeting

Meeting started by barry at 16:00:30 UTC.  The full logs are available
at
http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2011/ubuntu-meeting.2011-11-30-16.00.log.html
.



== Meeting summary ==

 *bugs
''LINK:'' http://91.189.93.73/qatracker/reports/defects/opened   (bdmurray, 16:14:09)

 *aob



Meeting ended at 16:39:13 UTC.



== Votes ==




== Action items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * bdmurray (37)
 * barry (33)
 * stgraber (33)
 * jhunt (11)
 * ubottu (7)
 * mvo (7)
 * doko (6)
 * ev (6)
 * meetingology (3)
 * cyphermox (3)



== Full Log ==


 16:00:30 <barry> #startmeeting

 16:00:30 <meetingology> Meeting started Wed Nov 30 16:00:30 2011 UTC.  The chair is barry. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/AlanBell/mootbot.

 16:00:30 <meetingology> 

 16:00:30 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 16:00:51 <barry> slangasek and cjwatson are afk today

 16:01:02 <stgraber> good, I was just wondering if Steve poked someone about chairing the meeting :)

 16:01:16 <barry> yep, i'm the lucky pokee

 16:01:34 <barry> echo $(shuf -e barry doko stgraber jhunt ev bdmurray)

 16:01:41 <barry> jhunt ev stgraber doko barry bdmurray

 16:01:57 <jhunt> Whole week has been taken up with intense rework of Upstart job logging

 16:01:57 <jhunt> code for user jobs after I discovered a nasty issue. New code is simpler

 16:01:57 <jhunt> and cleaner, but still has a niggly issue I'm currently trying to track

 16:01:57 <jhunt> down.

 16:02:01 <jhunt> ‚ü∑

 16:02:35 <barry> jhunt: i know all about those niggly issues that are hard to track down :)

 16:03:22 <barry> ev: you're up, if you're ready

 16:03:26 <ev> oh awesome

 16:03:38 <barry> should we come back around?

 16:03:47 <ev> - still helping the DX team get up to speed on automated testing using jenkins and autopilot

 16:03:48 <jhunt> barry: yeah, tracing individual file descriptors across 5-process logfiles gets hard (and time consuming :)

 16:04:07 <ev> - hacking away on the reporting daemon, recently adding some unit testing joy

 16:04:15 <ev> (done)

 16:04:34 <jhunt> ev: what about starring in a film? :)

 16:04:46 <ev> oh yes!

 16:04:53 <barry> autograph time!

 16:04:59 <ev> - engaged in subversion of Nokia's launch of the Lumia phone

 16:05:08 <stgraber> :)

 16:05:14 <stgraber> - ISO testing

 16:05:15 <stgraber> - Currently using the new tracker, fixing stuff as we go

 16:05:15 <stgraber> - Implemented donwload page

 16:05:15 <stgraber> - Worked on some DB sanity check scripts, export/import scripts

 16:05:15 <stgraber> - Working on migration of production server (still need to hear from IS)

 16:05:17 <stgraber> - Dailies are now pushed automatically to the new tracker!

 16:05:20 <stgraber> - Edubuntu

 16:05:22 <stgraber> - Did a bunch of fixes on Sunday

 16:05:25 <stgraber> - Doing ISO testing this week

 16:05:28 <stgraber> - Networking

 16:05:30 <stgraber> - Talked a bit with cyphermox about turning on privacy extensions, he had that turned on on his machine for a while without any problem

 16:05:33 <stgraber> - Poked a bit harder at dnsmasq in Network Manager, found one bug that we'll need to have fixed (DNS not working when using a VPN for default gateway)

 16:05:36 <stgraber> - Ifenslave update in my PPA, waiting to hear back from a customer for testing before uploading to Precise (bug 823366)

 16:05:38 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 823366 in ifenslave-2.6 (Ubuntu) "bond_primary is ignored in /etc/network/interfaces" [Undecided,Incomplete] https://launchpad.net/bugs/823366

 16:05:39 <stgraber> - Discovered that VLAN and bridging are as buggy as bonding, trying to find a solution for that which doesn't involve changing everything :) Details at: http://paste.ubuntu.com/754234/

 16:05:43 <stgraber> - Other

 16:05:45 <stgraber> - Patch pilot on Monday, mostly spent cleaning up the queue from stuff that shouldn't be on it (got rid of 20-30 items)

 16:05:49 <stgraber> - TODO

 16:05:52 <stgraber> - Figure out how to get reliable networking in 12.04 (for complex networks)

 16:05:55 <stgraber> - Look at the new ifupdown in Debian (beta2), isolate the fix for bug 876829 and SRU to Oneiric

 16:05:56 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 876829 in ifupdown (Ubuntu Precise) "Oneiric's ifupdown breaks ip aliases" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/876829

 16:05:58 <stgraber> - Still need to get my iSCSI test setup online again and then look at the merge...

 16:06:01 <stgraber> (done)

 16:07:30 <jhunt> stgraber: Are QA + server team aware of your findings yet btw?

 16:07:50 <cyphermox> stgraber: have you filed a bug about the dnsmasq VPN issue?

 16:08:04 <stgraber> jhunt: gave the link to Clint and Daviey

 16:08:09 <stgraber> cyphermox: doing that now :)

 16:08:12 <jhunt> stgraber: cool.

 16:08:26 <cyphermox> stgraber: also, without issue is not quite right: I did run into connections blocking when the lifetime of the temporary address times out

 16:08:43 <barry> doko: you're up

 16:08:46 <cyphermox> but that was when I was changing from the default lifetime to something like 30 minutes

 16:09:18 <stgraber> cyphermox: bug 898224

 16:09:19 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 898224 in network-manager (Ubuntu) "Wrong dnsmasq configuration when VPN is set as default gateway" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/898224

 16:10:45 <barry> i guess we'll come back to doko

 16:10:51 <barry> short week due to usa thanksgiving holiday; continuing w/python-dbus py3 porting, still fixing and debugging the stragglers in the test suite (upstream git has some similar failures), but will try to wrap up today or at least, migrate the patches to git and submit upstream.  also: helped various folks with some packaging questions and issues (launchpadlib, and another one for a new employee).  pypy discussions (packaging for

 16:10:51 <barry> debian). done.

 16:11:14 <bdmurray> holiday(s)

 16:11:14 <bdmurray> working with bug reporting kit in arsenal

 16:11:14 <bdmurray> recreation and testing of bug 885442 regarding debconf and installer logs

 16:11:16 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 885442 in debconf (Ubuntu) "Unable to dump debconf database" [Critical,Incomplete] https://launchpad.net/bugs/885442

 16:11:17 <bdmurray> work on bug reporting workflow diagram with cprofitt

 16:11:28 <bdmurray> update bug bot not to subscribe sponsors if an ubuntu-dev member added the patch

 16:11:31 <bdmurray> iso testing bug report review

 16:11:34 <bdmurray> fixed bug 887705 regarding warning about an unsupported release when upgrading to precise

 16:11:35 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 887705 in update-manager (Ubuntu) "wrong warning about unsupported Ubuntu release when upgrading to precise" [High,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/887705

 16:11:39 <bdmurray> done

 16:12:47 <barry> #topic bugs

 16:13:04 <barry> bdmurray: what have you got for us today?

 16:13:41 <bdmurray> as previously mentioned there is some iso testing going on now

 16:14:02 <bdmurray> the new qa tracker has a new report of defects too and that is at

 16:14:09 <bdmurray> http://91.189.93.73/qatracker/reports/defects/opened

 16:14:47 <bdmurray> looking at that bug 897896 seems important

 16:14:48 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 897896 in ubiquity (Ubuntu) "keyboard layout wrong choosing a different language for live session" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/897896

 16:15:43 <doko> sorry, was still otp

 16:16:02 <barry> doko: no worries.  whenever you're ready

 16:16:13 <doko> - eglibc-2.15; spent too much time to track down the dynamic loader issues, without success

 16:16:13 <doko> - universe merges

 16:16:14 <doko> - bring down MIR's and component mismatches

 16:16:14 <doko> - finalized eglibc ARM multilib patch together with Steve McIntyre

 16:16:17 <doko> (done)

 16:17:06 <barry> thanks

 16:17:25 <barry> anything else on bugs?

 16:17:29 <jhunt> bdmurray: when does the qa tracker get a dns entry? :)

 16:17:47 <bdmurray> I thought stgraber said that was up to is right?

 16:17:54 <stgraber> right

 16:18:09 <stgraber> it's currently a canonistack instance, we hope to have production upgrade very soon

 16:18:28 <bdmurray> I'm also unsure about how to proceed now with bug 891711

 16:18:29 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 891711 in ubiquity (Ubuntu Precise) ""Upgrade" from 11.10 to 11.04 results in a unusable system" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/891711

 16:18:59 <bdmurray> If you insert an 11.04 cd into an 11.10 system you are presented with an option to "upgrade" from 11.10 to 11.04

 16:19:10 <barry> uh, that's not a typo, right?

 16:19:19 <bdmurray> the same thing happens with 12.04 and 11.10

 16:19:24 <bdmurray> no not a typo

 16:20:20 <bdmurray> It crashes when going from 11.10 to 11.04 and works, afaict, when going from 12.04 to 11.10

 16:20:53 <bdmurray> However, I wonder if it really should appear there as an option at all

 16:21:03 <bdmurray> as it isn't tested

 16:21:22 <barry> is downgrading even a supported workflow?

 16:21:38 <stgraber> downgrading isn't supported, though IIRC the installer doesn't "downgrade" your system when you choose that

 16:21:39 <bdmurray> no, this use case wasn't envisioned

 16:21:52 <stgraber> it essentially wipes the system, keeps your home and reinstalls it

 16:22:06 <stgraber> except that some bits that are done on top of that seem to fail

 16:22:11 <bdmurray> but the old kernel is there and needs to be manually removed

 16:22:51 <stgraber> I'm still not sure we should support that use case and if not, we really should make sure it doesn't appear in the installer (will only work when 12.10 is released though)

 16:23:28 <bdmurray> stgraber: exactly, although we could SRU ubiquity

 16:23:44 <bdmurray> but its not likely to help much

 16:23:47 <stgraber> yeah, but that'd only work for the limited number of users who actually choose to upgrade ubiquity before installs

 16:24:10 <barry> agreed that it probably shouldn't be an option

 16:25:00 <bdmurray> It shouldn't be an option because it doesn't work well?

 16:25:23 <bdmurray> It seems like there is some demand for doing this

 16:25:43 <barry> it definitely shouldn't say "Upgrade 11.10 to 11.04" :)

 16:25:55 <bdmurray> well yes there is that

 16:26:07 <bdmurray> but even if it were renamed should it should appear at all?

 16:27:01 <jhunt> if it's allowable, surely there's an opportunity for us to understand why they are downgrading?

 16:27:26 <barry> i personally think not.  even if it's a workflow that some folks legitimately want, it's likely not very common, and unless it's officially supported and tested, it probably shouldn't be an option (though some documentation can exist to show people how to do it, with all the caveats)

 16:28:08 <bdmurray> But maybe this is something we should work on for 12.10...

 16:28:54 <bdmurray> Or perhaps the real thing to do is to give people a way test the next release on their hardware better

 16:29:04 <bdmurray> that seems like a better idea to me

 16:29:13 <barry> agreed

 16:29:44 <barry> though, i don't know how to translate that into an action item ;)

 16:30:13 <bdmurray> well mvo had mentioned resurrecting the aufs upgrade tester in update-manager

 16:31:00 <barry> bdmurray: do you know if there's an open bug for that? (lp is timing out for me)

 16:31:37 <bdmurray> not that I know of it was a discussion in a UDS session at UDS P

 16:32:25 <mvo> yeah, sorry, conflicting meeting

 16:32:43 <mvo> I have not actually tried it yet, but I can do that now and see how the aufs stuff goes for lucid->precise

 16:32:59 <mvo> I played with overlayfs and it looks pretty cool, but its not available yet in lucid

 16:33:16 <bdmurray> Does it generally work for oneiric->precise though?

 16:33:17 <mvo> so it will only be useful for oneiric->precise testing

 16:33:37 <mvo> well, overlayfs is not in trunk yet in u-m, but porting the existing code should be straightforward

 16:33:55 * mvo had some proof-of-concept data for this

 16:35:16 <barry> mvo: could you maybe open a bug on u-m and link a branch (even a prototype) to it?

 16:35:17 <bdmurray> Okay, so it seems like the upgrade from old release to new release should be removed from ubiquity then

 16:35:28 <bdmurray> er from new to old

 16:36:14 <mvo> barry: yes, can do. and I will test the aufs lucid->precise one now

 16:36:19 <bdmurray> I'll submit a separate bug for that and leave 891711

 16:36:30 <barry> bdmurray, mvo thanks

 16:36:36 <barry> #topic aob

 16:36:57 <barry> anything else y'all want to bring up?

 16:38:29 <barry> going once

 16:38:42 <barry> going twice

 16:39:13 <barry> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/AlanBell/mootbot)