#title #ubuntu-meeting: test meeting

Meeting started by AlanBell at 18:08:36 UTC.  The full logs are
available at
http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2011/ubuntu-meeting.2011-08-29-18.08.log.html
.



== Meeting summary ==

 *foo

 *bar
  *this is like a topic but less so  (AlanBell, 18:11:18)



Meeting ended at 18:13:04 UTC.



== Votes ==


 * test vote
   For: 3 Against: 0 Abstained: 0



== Action items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * AlanBell (15)
 * meetingology (13)
 * micahg (3)
 * pleia2 (1)



== Full Log ==


 18:08:36 <AlanBell> #startmeeting test meeting

 18:08:36 <meetingology> Meeting started Mon Aug 29 18:08:36 2011 UTC.  The chair is AlanBell. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/AlanBell/mootbot.

 18:08:36 <meetingology> 

 18:08:36 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endmeetingforce #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 18:08:51 <AlanBell> #topic foo

 18:08:57 <AlanBell> #topic bar

 18:09:06 <AlanBell> #votesrequired 3

 18:09:06 <meetingology> votes now need 3 to be passed

 18:09:23 <AlanBell> #vote test vote

 18:09:23 <meetingology> Please vote on: test vote

 18:09:23 <meetingology> Public votes can be registered by saying +1, +0 or -1 in channel, (private votes don't work yet, but when they do it will be by messaging the channel followed by +1/-1/+0 to me)

 18:09:26 <AlanBell> +1

 18:09:26 <meetingology> +1 received from AlanBell

 18:09:34 <AlanBell> anyone else want to vote?

 18:09:39 <pleia2> +1

 18:09:39 <meetingology> +1 received from pleia2

 18:10:35 <micahg> +1

 18:10:35 <meetingology> +1 received from micahg

 18:10:39 <AlanBell> elky: what do you think of the current /topic behaviour?

 18:10:41 <AlanBell> #endvote

 18:10:41 <meetingology> Voting ended on: test vote

 18:10:41 <meetingology> Votes for:3 Votes against:0 Abstentions:0

 18:10:41 <meetingology> Motion carried

 18:10:51 <AlanBell> #chair pleia2

 18:10:51 <meetingology> Current chairs: AlanBell pleia2

 18:11:18 <AlanBell> #subtopic this is like a topic but less so

 18:11:33 <AlanBell> turns up in the minutes in a list

 18:12:13 <AlanBell> there is #endmeetingforce now which will allow anyone to close a running meeting if one is left open

 18:12:48 <micahg> AlanBell: would you like me to test that?

 18:12:52 <AlanBell> and you can do "#startmeeting Loco Council" or whatever to put the meeting name in the logs

 18:12:56 <AlanBell> micahg: go ahead

 18:13:04 <micahg> #endmeetingforce



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/AlanBell/mootbot)