#title #ubuntu-meeting Meeting

Meeting started by duanedesign at 00:04:13 UTC.  The full logs are
available at
http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2011/ubuntu-meeting.2011-09-14-00.04.log.html
.



== Meeting summary ==

''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/cprofitt/sandbox   (duanedesign, 00:08:07)
''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/cprofitt/sandbox   (duanedesign, 00:10:02)
''ACTION:'' send an email to the mailing list outlining the suggested changes and timeline for those changes  (duanedesign, 00:20:28)
''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/cprofitt/sandbox   (duanedesign, 00:25:49)
''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/UserDays   (duanedesign, 00:33:05)



Meeting ended at 00:43:18 UTC.



== Votes ==




== Action items ==

 * send an email to the mailing list outlining the suggested changes and timeline for those changes



== People present (lines said) ==

 * duanedesign (44)
 * pleia2 (14)
 * starcraftman (13)
 * philipballew (10)
 * JoseeAntonioR (5)
 * meetingology (4)
 * Unit193 (3)
 * highvoltage (1)



== Full Log ==


 00:04:13 <duanedesign> #startmeeting

 00:04:13 <meetingology> Meeting started Wed Sep 14 00:04:13 2011 UTC.  The chair is duanedesign. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/AlanBell/mootbot.

 00:04:13 <meetingology> 

 00:04:13 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 00:07:06 <pleia2> o/

 00:07:07 <duanedesign> Me and SilverFox have been reviewing chaarles wiki page outlining Beginners Team changes

 00:08:07 <duanedesign> [LINK] https://wiki.ubuntu.com/cprofitt/sandbox

 00:09:47 <pleia2> it seems we're a bit stalled on this, some direction from the council would be helpful

 00:10:02 <duanedesign> #link https://wiki.ubuntu.com/cprofitt/sandbox

 00:10:30 <duanedesign> I agreee

 00:10:41 <duanedesign> I am working on an email

 00:11:12 <duanedesign> what do you think of the ides about the Focus Group changes?

 00:11:41 <duanedesign> User: This group is for new users making the transition to Ubuntu

 00:11:51 <duanedesign> Contributor: This group is for non-developers looking to contribute and includes areas such as documentation, bug triage and quality assurance.

 00:12:10 <duanedesign> Developer: This group is for people hoping to become core Ubuntu or application developers.

 00:12:41 <pleia2> I think as little structure as possible is best, BT is essentially a mentoring organization and too much structure can be just as bad as too little

 00:13:31 <duanedesign> i like the idea of making thr core team open

 00:14:00 <duanedesign> if you want to join the docs team you should not have to join BT first

 00:15:05 <pleia2> yeah

 00:15:24 <duanedesign> their is no easy solution on meetings and the different time zones

 00:16:02 <duanedesign> One thing that is not on Charles sandbox is tncorporating the mailing list more

 00:16:17 <duanedesign> incorporating*

 00:16:19 <pleia2> the best you can do is post the logs/minutes after the meeting and encourage feedback on the list

 00:16:30 <duanedesign> Similar to what the Bug Squad is doing

 00:17:28 <duanedesign> assigning a mentor to every mentee is a difficult task

 00:17:59 <duanedesign> encouraging the use of a mailing list can help

 00:20:28 <duanedesign> #ACTION send an email to the mailing list outlining the suggested changes and timeline for those changes

 00:20:28 * meetingology send an email to the mailing list outlining the suggested changes and timeline for those changes

 00:21:57 <duanedesign> ok i need to fix my borked oneiric install. If nobody has anything else....

 00:22:06 <pleia2> thanks duanedesign

 00:22:16 <duanedesign> thank you pleia2

 00:22:19 * starcraftman is little late but here for a change. :)

 00:22:30 <duanedesign> hello starcraftman

 00:22:34 <pleia2> oh! one thing real quick

 00:22:40 <starcraftman> evening duanedesign :)

 00:22:50 <pleia2> we're still looking for some https://wiki.ubuntu.com/UserDays instructors

 00:23:17 <pleia2> it's next Saturday, the 24th, need some instructors for some basic applications classes

 00:23:25 <starcraftman> pleia2: still short huh? Sad, want me to do a second session?

 00:23:52 <pleia2> starcraftman: maybe, I'll still try to fill them before askign you :)

 00:23:53 <duanedesign> pleia2: that is right. I had someone ask me and I agrreed to do an Ubuntu One class.

 00:24:11 <starcraftman> hi Unit193

 00:24:18 <Unit193> starcraftman: Hello sir

 00:24:21 <pleia2> duanedesign: oh good, can you have a look at the schedule on the wiki when you have a chance and let me know what time?

 00:24:22 <starcraftman> pleia2: Ok, I don't mind too much.

 00:24:40 <duanedesign> pleia2: I will

 00:24:47 <pleia2> much appreciated

 00:24:57 <starcraftman> Unit193: pshhhhhhhhhhhhh, don't call me sir, gonna make me feel old >.>.

 00:25:26 <Unit193> starcraftman: That was the idea ;)  Just noticed meeting here

 00:25:49 <duanedesign> #LINK https://wiki.ubuntu.com/cprofitt/sandbox

 00:25:53 <starcraftman> Unit193: thou art evil, sir. I like :)

 00:27:49 <duanedesign> starcraftman: not sure when you came in but we just need to start moving foward on charles ideas

 00:29:00 <starcraftman> duanedesign: reading up now, you can carry on as I speed read. Don't want to hold up meeting.

 00:29:01 <duanedesign> the council has discused the ideas and is putting together an email so we can moce forward

 00:29:19 <duanedesign> starcraftman: no worries that was really all i had

 00:29:43 <starcraftman> quite the series of changes, seems good so far. Always thought too much formality was slowing us down a bit.

 00:30:30 <duanedesign> true, pleia thought the same

 00:30:43 <highvoltage> win 22

 00:30:49 <JoseeAntonioR> Hi!

 00:31:02 <philipballew> hello

 00:31:05 <duanedesign> hello

 00:31:19 <JoseeAntonioR> I am willing to assist with the UserDay if I can

 00:31:41 <philipballew> arnt we all?

 00:32:06 <duanedesign> JoseeAntonioR: great. I think pleia2 or nigelb  are who you want to talk to

 00:32:10 <JoseeAntonioR> pleia2 mentioned some basic applications classess.. what do you refer with basic applications?

 00:33:04 <starcraftman> duanedesign: question related to plan, are we mostly on track with written timeline?

 00:33:05 <duanedesign> https://wiki.ubuntu.com/UserDays

 00:33:07 <JoseeAntonioR> Then, pleia2, nigelb, are you here?

 00:33:25 <pleia2> JoseeAntonioR: you'd give an intro do an application and answer questions about it, like if you wanted to do thunderbird you'd explain what it is, how to set up your email, maybe how filters work

 00:33:28 <duanedesign> starcraftman: no the timeline needs to move forward

 00:33:44 <pleia2> JoseeAntonioR: you can join us in #ubuntu-classroom-backstage to discuss if you want :)

 00:34:14 <JoseeAntonioR> Going there!

 00:34:26 <starcraftman> duanedesign: ok, I'll hopefully be around more going forward, I'm planning/scheduling stuff. It's unthinkable.

 00:34:26 <duanedesign> starcraftman: so we can change June to Sept

 00:34:41 <duanedesign> starcraftman: great!

 00:34:43 <starcraftman> duanedesign: ah, I see. :)

 00:34:44 <philipballew> is there anything I can help with here?

 00:36:02 <duanedesign> Ok I will work on getting the email to the Beginners Team Mailing List and if their is no other Begnners Team matters I will end the meeting'

 00:36:22 <philipballew> sounds good

 00:36:26 <starcraftman> duanedesign: ok.

 00:36:42 <duanedesign> philipballew: what did you want to help with? Beginners Team or User Day?

 00:36:55 <philipballew> duanedesign, both!

 00:37:01 <duanedesign> :) great

 00:37:23 <philipballew> thats why i am here at the meeting duanedesign

 00:37:40 <philipballew> :)

 00:37:40 <duanedesign> The Beginners Team channel is #ubuntu-beginners-team

 00:38:05 <philipballew> i am aware. I provide tech support on there. Lately its been at night

 00:38:06 <duanedesign> our wiki page https://wiki.ubuntu.com/BeginnersTeam

 00:38:42 <philipballew> lets trade duanedesign  :) https://wiki.ubuntu.com/philipballew

 00:39:20 <duanedesign> philipballew: we are working on some changes to make jjoining the Beginners Team easier

 00:40:06 <philipballew> I know. I have wanted to become a "member" for a little while and figured id joun the meeting here to see if it was gonna change about how i did so

 00:42:36 <duanedesign> philipballew: if you want you can join our mailinglist to keep up on the upcoming changes https://lists.ubuntu.com/mailman/listinfo/ubuntu-beginners

 00:42:56 <duanedesign> ok i need to run. #endmeeting

 00:43:08 <Unit193> Newline

 00:43:18 <duanedesign> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/AlanBell/mootbot)