#title #ubuntu-meeting Meeting

Meeting started by jono at 15:00:56 UTC.  The full logs are available at
http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2011/ubuntu-meeting.2011-10-25-15.00.log.html
.



== Meeting summary ==

''LINK:'' http://www.jonobacon.org/2011/10/24/ubuntu-community-survey-next-steps-leadership/   (jono, 15:20:36)



Meeting ended at 15:39:08 UTC.



== Votes ==




== Action items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * jono (117)
 * dpm (45)
 * dholbach (32)
 * alourie (19)
 * meetingology (4)
 * sagaci (2)
 * rrnwexec (2)
 * jbicha (1)



== Full Log ==


 15:00:56 <jono> #startmeeting

 15:00:56 <meetingology> Meeting started Tue Oct 25 15:00:56 2011 UTC.  The chair is jono. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/AlanBell/mootbot.

 15:00:56 <meetingology> 

 15:00:56 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 15:01:12 <jono> welcome everyone to the Canonical Community Team meeting

 15:01:17 <jono> our second IRC meeting!

 15:01:38 <jono> as usual, we will spin through some round-tables first, and this time I will ask if there are any questions at the end of each roundtable

 15:01:54 <jono> we will then propose and discuss any agenda items

 15:02:05 <jono> feel free to chip in and ask questions or make comments

 15:02:14 <jono> dholbach, want to get this party started?

 15:02:17 <dholbach> sure

 15:02:20 <jono> :-)

 15:02:23 <dholbach> • dev survey: done with report: http://people.canonical.com/~dholbach/11.10-dev-docs-survey.pdf - wanted to have jono have a second look over it before publishing it

 15:02:23 <dholbach> • uds: set up blueprints, some still left to file

 15:02:23 <dholbach> • fixed sponsoring stats "hours in queue" script, unfortunately old data was broken for a while, had to restart with new data

 15:02:23 <dholbach> • did some sponsoring (with the useful side-benefit to test the above script)

 15:02:23 <dholbach> • CC handover completed

 15:02:25 <dholbach> • tried to get hold of Emmet: found out he's ill and taking a break

 15:02:27 <dholbach> • catch up call with Jono

 15:02:31 <dholbach> • started estimating required time for projects for 12.04 to better plan

 15:02:33 <dholbach> • noticed less activity in the ubuntu packaging guide, blogged about it and had 3 merge proposals coming in

 15:02:36 <dholbach> • weekly dev update

 15:02:38 <dholbach> • the usual big heaps of this and that

 15:03:37 <jono> ahh so we made contact with Emmet?

 15:03:42 <jono> that's good to hear

 15:03:55 <jono> any questions for dholbach?

 15:04:09 <dholbach> I got in touch with somebody who did, but yes :)

 15:04:46 <jono> cool :-)

 15:05:06 <jono> ok, no questions

 15:05:10 <jono> dholbach is off the hook

 15:05:18 <jono> :-)

 15:05:21 <jono> next up, dpm!

 15:05:28 <dpm> o/

 15:05:48 <dpm> * 2 Ubuntu Open Week talks:

 15:06:03 <dpm> - How to get started translating Ubuntu

 15:06:03 <dpm> - How to write your first app

 15:06:15 <dpm> People seemed to get quite excited about the second one, especially when they found out that they had created an app and it was working :)

 15:06:25 <dpm> * Finished off 12.04 roadmap

 15:06:27 * dholbach hugs dpm

 15:06:34 <dpm> :)

 15:06:37 <dpm> * Filed all blueprints for UDS

 15:06:45 <dpm> * Call with skaet and jibel to discuss localized ISOs pre-UDS

 15:07:01 <dpm> * Started a conversation with chriscoulson, pitti and others to find a solution for Thunderbird translations not being installed automatically in oneiric

 15:07:22 <jono> what is the current status on the localized ISOs?

 15:07:54 <dpm> The tools are there, they need wider testing and we need to figure out a policy for publishing the isos

 15:08:12 <dpm> I filed a blueprint to tackle those at UDS

 15:08:33 <dpm> and from my testing, the tools are working

 15:08:42 <jono> awesome!

 15:08:48 <dpm> OEM tested them too to generate their Chinese ISO,

 15:09:00 <dpm> but they ended up doing more customizations on top of that

 15:09:00 <jono> sounds good

 15:09:03 <dpm> ok, next:

 15:09:28 <dpm> * Reviewed language pack update schedule for Oneiric (created by TLE)

 15:09:40 <dpm> * Helped the web design team organizing some translations

 15:09:50 <dpm> for a part of the website

 15:10:05 <dpm> (this is not about ubuntu.com becoming translated)

 15:10:19 <dpm> * Prepared lightning talks and community app developer plans in preparation for the Consumer Software sprint next Thursday

 15:10:34 <dpm> * Updated the API docs publisher script on developer.ubuntu.com to be more clever guessing the type of document published and be more automatic

 15:10:55 <dpm> * Could then publish the utouch-qml API documentation as a result of that work

 15:11:17 <dpm> * Updated the developer.ubuntu.com/api page links and restructured the layout

 15:11:45 <dpm> I think that was mostly me this week

 15:12:08 <jono> thanks dpm

 15:12:19 <jono> so why are Thunderbird translations not being automatically imported?

 15:13:32 <jono> dpm ^

 15:13:44 <dpm> jono, for one Launchpad does not support their format, but the main issue seems to be with installing them (we get them from upstream and package them):

 15:13:56 <dpm> so the current package containing translations

 15:14:00 <jono> ahhh gotcha

 15:14:06 <dpm> seems to have a dependency problem

 15:14:07 <jono> what is the plan to solve the issue?

 15:14:36 <dpm> we're still talking about it, but it seems that one way to go forward is to update update-manager

 15:14:38 <dpm> so that

 15:15:09 <dpm> it explicitly checks for missing language packs when installing Thunderbird

 15:15:12 <jono> gotcha

 15:15:15 <jono> thanks dpm

 15:15:16 <dpm> and then goes and install them

 15:15:20 <jono> any questions for dpm?

 15:16:26 <jono> alrighty!

 15:16:38 <jono> hmm where is Jorge?

 15:17:26 <jono> I just pinged him

 15:17:28 <jono> no response

 15:18:02 <jono> ok I will go next

 15:18:10 <jono> I had a few days off last week on Thu and Fri

 15:18:21 <jono> although spent it recording and writing

 15:18:31 <jono> we have had a few changes recently:

 15:18:47 <jono> * Ahmed Kamal resigned last week and Jorge is now taking over his role as Ubuntu Cloud Community Coordinator - I will be backfilling for an Upstream Coordinator - more on this soon. Jorge's focus in this cycle will be on growing a charms community and growing cloud.ubuntu.com

 15:18:54 <jono> we wish Ahmed the best for the future

 15:19:07 <jono> * As mentioned last week, Eric Ward decided his new role was not for him, and I will be recruiting a QA Community Coordinator. More on this soon too.

 15:19:12 <jono> - Final UDS organizational bits and pieces

 15:19:16 <jono> getting everyone to finalize their sessions

 15:19:30 <jono> getting the Community track sessions for our team finalized and registered - everything appears to be in order now

 15:19:34 <jono> scheduling a Qt Q+A session

 15:19:39 <jono> Leadership Mini Conf scheduled and ready to roll

 15:19:52 <jono> - been talking with the design team about increased community participation via 'experience' design and development

 15:19:55 <jono> more on this at UDS

 15:20:06 <jono> - spent some time this weekend summarizing the results of the Ubuntu Community Survey into the final report

 15:20:13 <jono> published the report on Sunday night, and response is generally very positive - http://www.jonobacon.org/2011/10/24/ubuntu-community-survey-results/

 15:20:23 <jono> I have started blogging each day about different aspects of the report - did the first one yesterday on Leadership - http://www.jonobacon.org/2011/10/24/ubuntu-community

 15:20:36 <jono> oops

 15:20:36 <jono> http://www.jonobacon.org/2011/10/24/ubuntu-community-survey-next-steps-leadership/

 15:20:45 <jono> - joined the Ubuntu Leadership Meeting and asked if they can help us with https://wiki.ubuntu.com/BuildingCommunity - the team is going to be able to help generate more content.

 15:20:55 <jbicha> I appreciate the work done on the Community Survey!

 15:21:02 <jono> thanks jbicha!

 15:21:20 <jono> I think it is really going to help us fix some of these things

 15:21:50 <jono> thanks to akgraner, Darkwing, and others who are going to help out with BuildingCommunity

 15:21:55 <jono> - Synced up with Randall Ross - discussed growing leadership capacity in the community

 15:22:00 <jono> I love Randall

 15:22:12 <jono> - published the Ubuntu Accomplishments Spec at http://www.jonobacon.org/2011/10/25/ubuntu-accomplishments-system-spec/ and registered a blueprint

 15:22:25 <jono> Met up with Mako last night for coffee, was great to catch up

 15:22:27 <alourie> it was awesome!

 15:22:34 <jono> alourie, :-)

 15:22:42 <jono> you are awesome, my friend :-)

 15:22:51 <jono> I am taking off to Orlando today and will around a little less on IRC over the next few weeks

 15:22:53 <dholbach> question about the accomplishments spec: shall I add a subpage with the ideas for accomplishments I put together together with the QA team?

 15:23:07 <jono> dholbach, yeah, I wanted to discuss this as an agenda itme

 15:23:10 <jono> item

 15:23:16 <jono> that would be great

 15:23:17 <dholbach> adding a todo item

 15:23:21 <jono> thanks dholbach

 15:23:29 <jono> lets discuss this more in a few mins

 15:23:36 * dholbach nods

 15:23:43 <jono> so any questions for me about these items?

 15:23:46 <alourie> jono: me ?? how so? :-)

 15:23:51 <rrnwexec> @jono: thanks for the love. likewise <3

 15:23:51 <meetingology> rrnwexec: Error: "jono:" is not a valid command.

 15:24:08 * jono hugs rrnwexec

 15:24:08 <dholbach> haha :)

 15:24:12 * dholbach hugs meetingology

 15:24:15 <jono> jono is never a valid command

 15:24:19 <jono> :-)

 15:24:26 <rrnwexec> jono: thanks for the love. likewise <3  (yes, he's not a command, yet)

 15:24:28 <alourie> I have question about accomplishments

 15:24:35 <dpm> jono, I do have a question:

 15:24:45 <dpm> I'll let alourie go first

 15:24:48 <jono> alourie, can you hold for a sec, I will raise an agenda item for that in a few mins

 15:24:50 <jono> dpm, shoot

 15:24:55 <dpm> ok

 15:25:17 <dpm> I need to schedule 2 Qt sessions as per the conversations with the Nokia Qt team:

 15:25:22 <dpm> - Qt Roadmap

 15:25:27 <alourie> sure

 15:25:32 <dpm> - Qt integration with Ubuntu tools

 15:25:47 <dpm> You mentioned you created a blueprint for Qt Q+A

 15:26:02 <jono> dpm, I didnt create a blueprint yet

 15:26:29 <jono> I have been talking with Mikko

 15:26:38 <jono> and it sounds like Mikko wants to do a Q+A

 15:26:53 <jono> dpm, you look after the other Nokia requested sessions and I will set of Mikko's

 15:27:00 <dpm> jono, sounds good

 15:27:07 <dpm> thanks

 15:27:10 <jono> dpm, oh, my bad

 15:27:16 <jono> he wants a Qt Roadmap session

 15:27:20 <jono> so it sounds like he will lead that one

 15:27:30 <jono> who is leading the integration session?

 15:27:52 <dpm> jono, I'm assuming Adam Weinrich and the Qt engineers

 15:28:15 <dpm> I'll schedule the session for them and can help with leading the session

 15:28:22 <jono> dpm, ok, can you follow up with Adam?

 15:28:24 <jono> thanks!

 15:28:30 <dpm> jono, I did already

 15:28:35 <jono> ok, so a few agenda items

 15:28:39 <jono> thanks dpm!

 15:29:06 <jono> first, dpm, dholbach, are your 12.04 blueprints all submitted?

 15:29:24 <dpm> jono, yes

 15:29:58 <dholbach> jono, most, I still have a question - can we discuss after the meeting?

 15:30:02 <jono> dholbach, sure

 15:30:11 <jono> ok, so next agenda item is the Ubuntu Accomplishments Spec

 15:30:11 <dholbach> great

 15:30:16 <jono> alourie, you had a question?

 15:31:47 <alourie> yes

 15:31:59 <alourie> I already have ideas around accomplishments

 15:32:33 <alourie> how can I contribute them?

 15:32:33 <alourie> and how can I participate?

 15:32:37 <alourie> (the spec page is immutable, so no comments could be made there)

 15:32:42 <alourie> oh!

 15:33:00 <jono> so when we first discussed the idea, we documented a bunch of different types of accomplishments

 15:33:08 <jono> and I asked dholbach to generate a list

 15:33:12 <jono> oh it can't be edited

 15:33:14 <jono> let me check

 15:33:17 <alourie> sure

 15:33:26 <alourie> and there's a funny mistake :-)

 15:33:33 <jono> you should be able to edit it

 15:33:43 <alourie> according to the current spec, dholbach will get all the trophies :-)

 15:33:58 <jono> haha

 15:33:58 <dholbach> well-deserved, if I might add

 15:34:00 <dholbach> :-P

 15:34:02 <jono> lol

 15:34:04 <alourie> sure

 15:34:07 <jono> dholbach, can you edit the page?

 15:34:10 <dholbach> hang on

 15:34:15 <sagaci> the spec looks editable

 15:34:21 <jono> sagaci, thanks

 15:34:34 <jono> alourie, so I recommend dholbach lists all the accomplishments we sketched out first

 15:34:38 <dholbach> yep, confirmed

 15:34:42 <jono> and then lets you know so you can expand on them

 15:34:44 <jono> sound good?

 15:35:01 <dholbach> I'll do that today - let's see how long it takes me to massage them into moinmoin

 15:35:03 <alourie> it's under the Ubuntu UK flow example

 15:35:04 <alourie> "... a trophy called Joe S. CoreDeveloper Kudos - 2nd September 2011 and this will appear in Daniel Holbach�s trophy cabinet"...

 15:35:04 <alourie> dholbach: deserved indeed :-)

 15:35:19 <jono> thanks dholbach

 15:35:26 <jono> would be cool to show the dependency chain still

 15:35:39 <sagaci> alourie: make sure you're logged into the wiki to edit

 15:35:42 <jono> i.e. this accomplishment is unlocked when this one is completed

 15:35:53 <alourie> ah...the magic of login

 15:35:54 <alourie> :-)

 15:35:55 <jono> so alourie, are you interested in coding this?

 15:36:55 <jono> dholbach, maybe if you could create a sub-page listing all the accomplishments, and another sub-page for development and project management discussion

 15:37:05 <dholbach> sure

 15:37:10 <jono> awesome!

 15:37:57 <jono> alright

 15:38:00 <jono> any more business?

 15:38:02 <dholbach> yep

 15:38:04 <dholbach> →→→ https://wiki.ubuntu.com/UCADay ←←←

 15:38:13 <jono> ahhh yeah

 15:38:15 <dholbach> please all raise awareness and participate! :)

 15:38:16 <jono> I read about this

 15:38:18 <jono> looks awesome

 15:38:20 <dholbach> it's awesome

 15:38:29 <jono> I think this is a *really cool* idea

 15:38:41 <jono> was great to see bkerensa's post on it on Planet

 15:38:55 <jono> and next week....UDS! woo!

 15:39:00 <dholbach> yeah :)

 15:39:00 <jono> ok, folks, let's  wrap it

 15:39:05 <jono> thanks for joining us!

 15:39:08 <jono> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/AlanBell/mootbot)