#title #ubuntu-meeting Meeting

Meeting started by skaet at 15:00:51 UTC.  The full logs are available
at
http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2011/ubuntu-meeting.2011-09-16-15.00.log.html
.



== Meeting summary ==

 *Release general overview - skaet
''LINK:'' http://status.ubuntu.com/ubuntu-oneiric/   (skaet, 15:01:32)
''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/oneiric/+bugs?field.tag=-ftbfs   (skaet, 15:02:55)
''LINK:'' https://launchpad.net/ubuntu/+milestone/ubuntu-11.10-beta-2   (skaet, 15:02:55)
''LINK:'' http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/kernel-bugs/reports/rls-mgr-o-tracking-bugs.html   (skaet, 15:03:02)

 *Hardware Certification team update - mlegris
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~hwcert/hw-testing/week37_2011.html   (mlegris1, 15:04:24)

 *MOTU team update - Laney
''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+bugs?field.tag=ftbfs   (Laney, 15:10:34)

 *Security team update - jdstrand
''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/ReleaseStatus/Oneiric   (jdstrand, 15:13:22)
''LINK:'' http://status.ubuntu.com/ubuntu-oneiric/canonical-security.html   (jdstrand, 15:13:23)

 *Kernel team update - ogasawara
''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/KernelTeam/ReleaseStatus/Oneiric   (ogasawara, 15:15:01)
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~platform/workitems/oneiric/canonical-kernel-team-ubuntu-11.10-beta-2.html   (ogasawara, 15:15:01)
''LINK:'' http://status.ubuntu.com/ubuntu-oneiric/group/topic-oneiric-kernel-tasks.html   (ogasawara, 15:15:01)

 *Foundations team update - cjwatson

 *Server team update - Daviey
''LINK:'' http://status.ubuntu.com/ubuntu-oneiric/group/topic-oneiric-server-overview.html   (Daviey, 15:22:15)
''LINK:'' http://status.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/ubuntu-server/release-bugs.html   (Daviey, 15:22:25)

 *ARM team update - ogra_
''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ARMTeam/ReleaseStatus/Oneiric   (ogra_, 15:25:36)

 *Linaro update - rsalveti or fabo

 *Ubuntu One Team - ??

 *QA team update -  pgraner
''LINK:'' http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/kernel-bugs/reports/oneiric-milestone-bugs.html   (pgraner, 15:34:51)

 *Desktop Team update - pre-sent summary

 *Desktop Experience Team Update - dbarth

 *Kubuntu Team update - ScottK

 *Edubuntu Team update - stgraber or highvoltage

 *Xubuntu Team update - charlie-tca

 *Lubuntu Team update - gilir

 *Toolchain update - slangasek

 *Archive Freeze status after Beta2.

 *Any other business?  - all



Meeting ended at 16:02:19 UTC.



== Votes ==




== Action items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * skaet (119)
 * ogra_ (30)
 * cjwatson (25)
 * Daviey (23)
 * ogasawara (22)
 * fabo (21)
 * charlie-tca (16)
 * ubottu (16)
 * ScottK (13)
 * dbarth (12)
 * mlegris1 (10)
 * Laney (9)
 * jdstrand (9)
 * stgraber (7)
 * pgraner (7)
 * slangasek (6)
 * rsalveti (6)
 * gilir (6)
 * meetingology (3)



== Full Log ==


 15:00:51 <skaet> #startmeeting

 15:00:51 <meetingology> Meeting started Fri Sep 16 15:00:51 2011 UTC.  The chair is skaet. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/AlanBell/mootbot.

 15:00:51 <meetingology> 

 15:00:51 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 15:01:08 <skaet> [TOPIC] Release general overview - skaet

 15:01:08 <skaet> Agenda can be found: https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ReleaseTeam/Meeting/2011-09-16

 15:01:08 <skaet> .

 15:01:08 <skaet> 11.10 FeatureFreeze,  UserInterfaceFreeze, BetaFreeze now in effect

 15:01:08 <skaet> 11.10 Beta 2: Sept 22, 2011.

 15:01:08 <skaet> 11.10 Release Date: October 13, 2011

 15:01:10 <skaet> .

 15:01:32 <skaet> Thank you to those teams who've been updating their burndowns over last week, they're starting to look a bit better.   We're still a bit behind where we should be at this point in the cycle, so would appreciate it if all the teams and individuals could please review the work items and make sure the status is accurate.

 15:01:32 <skaet> [LINK] http://status.ubuntu.com/ubuntu-oneiric/

 15:01:33 <skaet> .

 15:02:55 <skaet> Beta bugs have hit!  Lots of bugs showing up on the lists,  needing fixes.

 15:02:55 <skaet> Please review the overall lists for the release as well as your individual team lists for bugs that may have been overlooked.

 15:02:55 <skaet> [LINK] https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/oneiric/+bugs?field.tag=-ftbfs

 15:02:55 <skaet> [LINK] https://launchpad.net/ubuntu/+milestone/ubuntu-11.10-beta-2

 15:02:56 <skaet> .

 15:02:58 <skaet> For those who want to see what bugs are showing up on the release list during the week, without waiting for the weekly agenda to go up on the WIKI,  a new hourly updated report page is now available!  (Big Thanks to bjf!)

 15:03:02 <skaet> [LINK] http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/kernel-bugs/reports/rls-mgr-o-tracking-bugs.html

 15:03:04 <skaet> If you see a package being looked at against the wrong team,  let me or one of the defect analysts know, and we'll adjust.

 15:03:07 <skaet> .

 15:03:09 <skaet> There has been some discussion on #ubuntu-release this week about whether we should unfreeze the archive between Beta Freeze and Final Freeze (1 week interval).  For those interested,  we'll be discussing this after we finish the roundtable part of the agenda.

 15:03:13 <skaet> ..

 15:03:36 <skaet> any questions before moving on into the round table?

 15:04:03 <skaet> [TOPIC] Hardware Certification team update - mlegris

 15:04:19 <mlegris1> hi all o/

 15:04:24 <mlegris1> [Week 37 Testing Report]

 15:04:24 <mlegris1> [link] http://people.canonical.com/~hwcert/hw-testing/week37_2011.html

 15:04:24 <mlegris1> .

 15:04:56 <mlegris1> lots of bug fixes have come in as well since A3, the team has been busy verifying those

 15:05:04 <mlegris1> Bugs:

 15:05:04 <mlegris1> * Â Bug #810145 - unity-panel-service crashes

 15:05:06 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 810145 in unity (Ubuntu Oneiric) "unity-panel-service crashed with SIGABRT in __kernel_vsyscall()" [Critical,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/810145

 15:05:20 <mlegris1> ..

 15:05:31 <skaet> Thanks mlegris1

 15:05:45 <skaet> are there any bugs you consider blockers for beta 2 at this point?

 15:07:16 <mlegris1> I'd have to review the list, but no blockers other then the individual one we logged against systems

 15:08:13 <skaet> ok mlegris1,  please let me know offline if there are some that the release team should keep an eye open for accepting while we're in beta freeze

 15:08:23 <mlegris1> sure thing skaet

 15:08:34 <skaet> any other questions for mlegris1?

 15:09:32 <skaet> btw - there are a couple of rearrangements from the usual order today.   just a head's up for those giving summaries ;)

 15:09:47 <skaet> [TOPIC] MOTU team update - Laney

 15:10:11 <Laney> people have been slowly chipping away at FTBFS bugs

 15:10:22 <skaet> :)

 15:10:25 <Laney> mainly in response to colin's call for help on -devel I suppose

 15:10:34 <Laney> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+bugs?field.tag=ftbfs

 15:11:01 <Laney> we're trying to create some data so that we can see how well we're doing on FTBFS over time

 15:11:13 <Laney> NBS is also looking good for us now

 15:11:27 <Laney> ..

 15:11:40 <skaet> Thanks Laney.

 15:11:42 <ogra_> arm could need some love of a GLES expert ...

 15:11:46 <ogra_> (in universe)

 15:12:08 <ogra_> a big chunk of ftbfs there are GL/GLES related

 15:12:10 <ogra_> ..

 15:12:22 <skaet> +1

 15:12:35 <skaet> any other comments or questions for Laney?

 15:13:06 <skaet> [TOPIC] Security team update - jdstrand

 15:13:12 <jdstrand> hi!

 15:13:22 <jdstrand> [LINK] https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/ReleaseStatus/Oneiric

 15:13:23 <jdstrand> [LINK] http://status.ubuntu.com/ubuntu-oneiric/canonical-security.html

 15:13:33 <jdstrand> Burn down is below the trend line. The remaining work items should all be either bugs or items not tied to the release schedule.

 15:13:51 <jdstrand> Thanks to the desktop team for fixing up the lightdm bugs I mentioned last week. :)  Looking at the list of oneiric bugs, there aren't any others worth highlighting.

 15:13:59 <jdstrand> ..

 15:14:30 <skaet> Thanks jdstrand!

 15:14:37 <skaet> any questions for jdstrand?

 15:14:57 <skaet> [TOPIC] Kernel team update - ogasawara

 15:15:01 <ogasawara> Overall status is reported at the first link below.  Burn down for Oneiric Beta-2 is at the second link below.  Burndown for the cycle is at the third link:

 15:15:01 <ogasawara> [LINK] https://wiki.ubuntu.com/KernelTeam/ReleaseStatus/Oneiric

 15:15:01 <ogasawara> [LINK] http://people.canonical.com/~platform/workitems/oneiric/canonical-kernel-team-ubuntu-11.10-beta-2.html

 15:15:01 <ogasawara> [LINK] http://status.ubuntu.com/ubuntu-oneiric/group/topic-oneiric-kernel-tasks.html

 15:15:11 <ogasawara> We uploaded linux-3.0.0-11.18 prior to Kernel Freeze.  Going forward, any patches we apply are subject to our SRU policy.  I suspect we'll have a few upstream stable updates and misc bug fixes we'll be pulling in prior to release.  We are currently trending above our Beta-2 burndown chart but are below overall.  The remaining work items are not release critical.

 15:15:31 <ogasawara> Of the remaining bugs called out on the agenda against the kernel, status is as follows:

 15:15:38 <ogasawara> #542660 - Looks to be related to EFI boot not loading the video bios into ram.

 15:15:38 <ogasawara> #710733 - Confirmed against Oneiric, not release critical, investigation ongonig.

 15:15:38 <ogasawara> #714862 - Assigned to kernel dev, investigation ongoing.

 15:15:38 <ogasawara> #746133 - Assigned to kernel dev, investigation ongoing.

 15:15:38 <ogasawara> #754711 - On a 3.0 oneiric kernel, system now suspends but doesn't resume.  systemtap debug scripts to help investigate recently fixed for Oneiric, see 815944.

 15:15:40 <ogasawara> #758486 - Told that TI will push a fix with the next BSP.

 15:15:42 <ogasawara> #760131 - Partly fixed in Oneiric and soon natty, more analysis ongoing upstream.

 15:15:44 <ogasawara> #761082 - Confirmed against Oneiric, investigation ongoing.

 15:15:46 <ogasawara> #790712 - The order 5 allocation seems to be bogus and non-fatal; further investigation ongoing.

 15:15:48 <ogasawara> #814325 - Issue confirmed upstream, actively under investigation by multiple devs.

 15:15:50 <ogasawara> #836250 - Assigned to kernel dev, investigation ongoing.

 15:15:54 <ogasawara> #820466 - Fix Released

 15:15:56 <ogasawara> Questions?

 15:15:58 <ogasawara> ..

 15:16:29 <skaet> Thanks ogasawara!

 15:16:52 <skaet> do you want me to change the coding of 710733 so it doesn't show up on the list?

 15:17:20 <skaet> since its not release critical?

 15:17:21 <ogasawara> skaet: yah, that'd be great

 15:17:29 <skaet> ogasawara, ok, will do.

 15:17:42 <skaet> any other questions?

 15:17:57 <skaet> [TOPIC] Foundations team update - cjwatson

 15:18:14 <cjwatson> Feature status: unlikely to see much further progress for Oneiric, although not all the work items are officially postponed yet.

 15:18:18 <cjwatson> multiarch-translations has landed in LP; there'll be one further tweak here but that's essentially done.

 15:18:21 <cjwatson> NBS was briefly clear earlier today!  Excellent progress on build failures.  We should be in good shape for beta-2 in terms of archive consistency.

 15:18:24 <cjwatson> Bug status: drowning.  Mostly I've just been going around poking people to try to get updates but am not having complete luck so far.  A selection of specifics:

 15:18:27 <cjwatson> Bug 829486: apparently specific to test rebuild, unmilestoned

 15:18:28 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 829486 in autogen (Ubuntu Oneiric) "autogen version 1:5.12-0.1ubuntu1 failed to build in oneiric" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/829486

 15:18:29 <cjwatson> Bug 772082: fixed in oneiric, closed

 15:18:31 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 772082 in gnutls26 (Ubuntu Natty) "certificate chain validation failure" [High,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/772082

 15:18:32 <cjwatson> Bug 764893: belatedly applied Surbhi's patch, closed

 15:18:33 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 764893 in os-prober (Ubuntu Natty) "os-prober: does not detect Ubuntu in btrfs subvolume" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/764893

 15:18:34 <cjwatson> Bug 848938: will look at this after the meeting

 15:18:35 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 848938 in ubiquity (Ubuntu Oneiric) ""Download updates" unavailable after connecting to WiFi" [Critical,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/848938

 15:18:37 <cjwatson> Bug 803547: should be able to backport from Debian experimental, will do that after the meeting

 15:18:38 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 803547 in live-build (Ubuntu Oneiric) "live-build lacks EXT4 support for binary image types" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/803547

 15:18:40 <cjwatson> Bug 757631: I expect we can add a warning for this case in time for beta-2

 15:18:41 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 757631 in partman-btrfs (Ubuntu Oneiric) "grub-probe fails on lvm-encrypted install with btrfs" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/757631

 15:18:43 <cjwatson> Bug 749702: accessibility help would be very welcome!

 15:18:43 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 749702 in ubiquity (Ubuntu Oneiric) ""Try Ubuntu" screen-reads as "Try $RELEASE"" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/749702

 15:18:45 <cjwatson> Bug 819328: should be fixed now

 15:18:46 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 819328 in aptdaemon (Ubuntu Oneiric) "[Oneiric] update-manager crashed with DBusException in _run(): org.freedesktop.DBus.Error.NoReply: Did not receive a reply. Possible causes include: the remote application did not send a reply, the message bus security policy blocked the reply, the reply timeout expired, or the network connection was broken." [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/819328

 15:18:48 <cjwatson> Bug 812023: should no longer cause an error, although some more work needed

 15:18:49 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 812023 in aptdaemon (Ubuntu Oneiric) "software-center crashed with DBusException in _convert_dbus_exception(): org.freedesktop.DBus.Error.UnknownMethod: Method "GetAll" with signature "s" on interface "org.freedesktop.DBus.Properties" doesn't exist" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/812023

 15:18:51 <cjwatson> I'd also like to flag bug 850172 which is resisting analysis and will likely need some tracing through cdimage.  I hope to look at this by the weekend but it's possible it may affect other images.

 15:18:51 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 850172 in debian-installer (Ubuntu) "Xubuntu Oneiric Alternate images fail to find abiword dependencies when building images" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/850172

 15:18:55 <cjwatson> At this point you should probably not expect anything else not already milestoned to be fixed for beta-2.

 15:18:58 <cjwatson> ..

 15:19:34 <skaet> Thanks cjwatson!    Appreciate seeing all those fixes today.

 15:20:20 <skaet> charlie-tca, and other flavor leads, note 850172.   Suspect you won't be getting good alternates until this is sorted.

 15:20:36 * jdstrand was also excited to see NBS clear. I thought the report generation was messed up :P

 15:20:42 * charlie-tca been following it

 15:20:43 <skaet> lol

 15:20:55 <skaet> any questions for cjwatson?

 15:21:14 <skaet> [TOPIC] Server team update - Daviey

 15:21:35 <Daviey> hey!

 15:21:38 <skaet> :)

 15:21:44 <Daviey> yy

 15:21:48 <Daviey> Stability is currently quite good, with early signs looking like a stable Beta2.

 15:21:51 <Daviey> Things still wished to be achieved for Beta 2:

 15:21:53 <Daviey> - New upstream snapshot of nova, glance and swift. (Probably targetted for Tuesday)

 15:21:56 <Daviey> - We are trying to get some fixes landed upstream, rather than patching.

 15:21:59 <Daviey> - cobbler-enrol entering the archive, and with hope - seeded.

 15:22:02 <Daviey> - A few other minor bug fixes.

 15:22:04 <Daviey> Nova - is now in main. \o/

 15:22:07 <Daviey> Waiting on a security review for socat bug 829234

 15:22:09 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 829234 in socat (Ubuntu) "[MIR] socat" [Undecided,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/829234

 15:22:09 <Daviey> Glance seems to be wedged on lack of SSL support.  Bug 801299 .. Probably need security team ack that they are 'ok' with this lack of feature.

 15:22:10 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 801299 in glance (Ubuntu) "[MIR]glance" [High,Incomplete] https://launchpad.net/bugs/801299

 15:22:12 <Daviey> Work items:

 15:22:15 <Daviey> http://status.ubuntu.com/ubuntu-oneiric/group/topic-oneiric-server-overview.html

 15:22:18 <Daviey> - Has less relevance at this stage.

 15:22:20 <Daviey> Bugs:

 15:22:23 <Daviey> We are currently tracking for release:

 15:22:25 <Daviey> http://status.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/ubuntu-server/release-bugs.html

 15:22:28 <Daviey> (As always, if there are any missing on that list - please let me know as soon as possible)

 15:22:31 <Daviey> ..

 15:22:57 <skaet> Thanks Daviey.

 15:23:20 <Daviey> Questions?

 15:23:43 <skaet> which of the bugs on your list do you want the release team to keep an eye out for, and let through?

 15:24:04 <Daviey> skaet: I think that might be better tackled on demand?

 15:24:32 <jdstrand> I hope to look at glance and socat MITs next week (security review)

 15:24:38 <jdstrand> s/MITs/MIRs/

 15:24:44 <Daviey> jdstrand: Thanks \o/

 15:24:46 <skaet> Daviey, lets talk about it after the meeting then.  thnx.

 15:24:52 <Daviey> skaet: rocking.

 15:25:16 <skaet> [TOPIC] ARM team update - ogra_

 15:25:25 * ogra_ waves+

 15:25:28 <skaet> :)

 15:25:36 <ogra_> = Full Status is at: =

 15:25:36 <ogra_> https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ARMTeam/ReleaseStatus/Oneiric

 15:25:36 <ogra_> --

 15:25:36 <ogra_> = Summary =

 15:25:36 <ogra_> - AC100 images are ready, tested and regulary building

 15:25:38 <ogra_> - Cleanup of jasper is still ongoing

 15:25:40 <ogra_> - mx5 should build now but still remains untested

 15:25:42 <ogra_> - Server QA testing goes on

 15:25:44 <ogra_> - Sound tests on omap4 were successfull, it seems all to work fine.

 15:25:46 <ogra_> - Some not yet researched network issues show up on omap3 with the recent x-loader/u-boot

 15:25:48 <ogra_> --

 15:25:50 <ogra_> = Image Status =

 15:25:52 <ogra_> - Desktop images were suffering archive skew again and afterwards the omap3/mx5 builder hung, we hope everything is fine again before monday.

 15:25:55 <ogra_> - Server images build and install fine

 15:25:57 <ogra_> - Netboot images work fine

 15:25:59 <ogra_> --

 15:26:01 <ogra_> = Specs =

 15:26:03 <ogra_> - Entire http://people.canonical.com/~platform/workitems/oneiric/ubuntu-arm.html

 15:26:05 <ogra_> - B2 http://people.canonical.com/~platform/workitems/oneiric/ubuntu-arm-ubuntu-11.10-beta-2.html

 15:26:09 <ogra_> --

 15:26:43 <skaet> Thanks ogra_ !

 15:26:48 <ogra_> :)

 15:27:10 * skaet keeps fingers crossed all those nice new builders help clear up the backlog.

 15:27:10 <ogra_> oh, there is one pending u-boot upload for omap3 pending FFe review

 15:27:13 <ogra_> ..

 15:27:20 <ogra_> (just FYI)

 15:27:22 <ogra_> ..

 15:27:25 <skaet> ogra_, ok.  :)

 15:27:38 <skaet> any questions for ogra_ ?

 15:28:01 <skaet> [TOPIC] Linaro update - rsalveti or fabo

 15:28:11 <fabo> o/

 15:28:16 <skaet> :)

 15:28:20 <fabo> = Developer Platform =

 15:28:26 <fabo> - First version of gcc-linaro package at Linaro Overlay PPA. It could be useful for P

 15:28:31 <fabo> - On going debugging for LTTng 2.x. Goal is to have it working for Linaro 11.09

 15:28:43 <fabo> - bug 849337 will turn into a FFe once the libjpeg-turbo is properly reviewed at http://revu.ubuntuwire.com/p/libjpeg-turbo (new package upload). Not sure if it'll make for Oneiric, would be good to have some feedback if it's desirable to have it at least available at universe.

 15:28:44 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 849337 in libjpeg-turbo "FFe: include libjpeg-turbo, a derivative of libjpeg that uses SIMD instructions and additional optimizations" [High,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/849337

 15:28:51 <fabo> - May need another fix for u-boot-linaro, fixing OMAP 4460 ES1.1 support

 15:28:57 <fabo> - FFe for u-boot-linaro, bug 851974

 15:28:57 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 851974 in u-boot-linaro (Ubuntu) "FFe: Misc fixes for new silicon and boards" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/851974

 15:29:08 <fabo> --

 15:29:11 <fabo> = Toolchain WG =

 15:29:16 <fabo> - Linaro GCC 4.6 and 4.5 2011.09 released

 15:29:21 <fabo> #823548 Can't use -flto with skia

 15:29:26 <fabo> #823711 libvirt version 0.9.2-4ubuntu8 failed to build on armel

 15:29:31 <fabo> #827990 internal compiler error: in decode_addr_const, at varasm.c:2632

 15:29:38 <fabo> #836401 ICE on a | (b << negative-constant)

 15:29:44 <fabo> #838994 ICE building perl w/ -marm

 15:29:48 <fabo> #843775 ICE optimizing widening multiply-and-accumulate

 15:29:55 <fabo> - Linaro QEMU 2011.09 released

 15:29:57 <rsalveti> FFe for u-boot-linaro is still in progress, we should have the debdiff today/monday

 15:30:06 <fabo> - Linaro GDB 7.3 2011.09 released

 15:30:16 <fabo> = Misc =

 15:30:25 <rsalveti> and for libjpeg-turbo is something I'd like to check if ubuntu thinks it could be useful to have at least at universe

 15:30:45 <rsalveti> this can help improving jpeg performance at arm and also x86

 15:31:01 <fabo> - https://wiki.ubuntu.com/PReleaseInterlock updated with Linaro dates

 15:31:06 <fabo> ..

 15:31:07 <slangasek> I think it would be very nice to have libjpeg-turbo in universe

 15:31:11 <rsalveti> package is done, did initial review and should be good to upload, but would prefer another to review it

 15:31:27 <skaet> Thanks fabo and rsalveti. :)

 15:31:52 <skaet> re: libjpeg-turbon in universe - I agree with slangasek.

 15:32:19 <skaet> and thanks fabo for updaing the interlock. :)

 15:32:21 <rsalveti> great, will sync this off-line then at #ubuntu-dev later

 15:32:27 <rsalveti> ..

 15:32:44 <skaet> any questions?

 15:33:23 <skaet> [TOPIC] Ubuntu One Team - ??

 15:33:35 <skaet> is Cipaca or joshuahoover around?

 15:33:48 <skaet> Chipaca even. :P

 15:34:17 <skaet> [TOPIC] QA team update -  pgraner

 15:34:34 <pgraner> skaet, :)

 15:34:41 <skaet> :)

 15:34:51 <pgraner> All of the issues found at Beta one are mostly looked at and triaged:

 15:34:51 <pgraner> http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/kernel-bugs/reports/oneiric-milestone-bugs.html

 15:34:51 <pgraner> Automated testing is complete (all that we intend to implement) for this cycle with the exection of automated boot time testing. Which should be complete today.

 15:34:51 <pgraner> I'll follow up to u-devel with more detail in email.

 15:34:51 <pgraner> Prep for beta-2, working with Server Team for additional testing.

 15:34:52 <pgraner> ..

 15:35:30 <skaet> Thanks pgraner!   any questions for QA?

 15:36:21 <skaet> [TOPIC] Desktop Team update - pre-sent summary

 15:36:45 <skaet> GNOME 3.1.92 is due on Monday; expected that most changes will be translation updates and minor bug fixes, so we will be careful with uploading these during the beta-2 freeze. glib and GTK were already updated on Thursday to the latest upstream fixes from git, to minimize potential breakage next Monday.

 15:36:45 <skaet> - Landed LibreOffice 3.4.3.

 15:36:45 <skaet> - Lots of good bug fixes this week.

 15:36:45 <skaet> - Investigated main culprits for boot speed regressions: https://wiki.ubuntu.com/DesktopTeam/11.10/BootSpeedAnalysis; the biggest problem has a fix and is just waiting for an (unrelated) string freeze exception. The others are most probably P material.

 15:36:50 <skaet> - Cleaned up remaining work items; most of the remaining issues are now about testing, documenting, and planning for the next release, and there are a few small targets of opportunity left. Code/distro wise this is pretty much done now.

 15:37:20 <skaet> pitti, seb128, and kenvandine are on vacation today.   They'll be back on monday though.

 15:37:25 <skaet> ..

 15:37:37 <skaet> any one have general concerns to raise?

 15:37:58 <skaet> [TOPIC] Desktop Experience Team Update - dbarth

 15:38:21 <dbarth> hi skaet

 15:38:23 <skaet> :)

 15:38:37 <dbarth> formal report at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/DesktopExperienceTeam/OneiricReleaseStatus

 15:38:53 <dbarth> essentially: 48 bug fixes on u-3d, a lot less on u-2d, but that's good news too

 15:39:26 <dbarth> few updates on compiz for beta-2, on purpose

 15:39:41 <dbarth> but we have a few more left for next week, incl. .96 with more bug fixes

 15:39:58 <dbarth> and hopefully something for the stack problems (still on that)

 15:40:10 <dbarth> indicators work see bug reports

 15:40:17 <dbarth> and CJK nailed for good

 15:40:20 <skaet> :)

 15:40:28 <dbarth> and that's it nostly

 15:40:30 <dbarth> ..

 15:40:50 <skaet> Thanks dbarth.

 15:40:58 <dbarth> i'm not finished with triaging the new bugs on your radar, but will send an update later today

 15:41:01 <skaet> Agenda list has more bugs than that on your radar list....

 15:41:02 <skaet> hehe

 15:41:08 <dbarth> right

 15:41:13 <skaet> thanks for the update later.  :)

 15:41:35 <skaet> any one have questions for dbarth?

 15:41:52 <skaet> [TOPIC] Kubuntu Team update - ScottK

 15:42:04 <ScottK> - I went through and updated the Kubuntu spec status.  Most of what's left is not tied to the release cycle.  If we can find a safe way to do it, we may still try to land plasma-mobile/active changes for an updated tech preview.

 15:42:04 <ScottK> - The two Beta 2 milestoned bugs on your list are fixed.  One of the other two lacks enough information to work on and the other is waiting for upstream.

 15:42:04 <ScottK> - We have, unfortunately, have had to rebuild all KDE packages in Main to fix a desktop file translation issue.  Most of these are uploaded and it shouldn't impact Beta 2.

 15:42:04 <ScottK> - We could really use a core-dev to look at a couple of important patches for Qt and upload today.  didrocks is already committed to compiz work and the Kubuntu team is very short on core-dev today.

 15:42:07 <ScottK> ..

 15:42:50 <skaet> Thanks ScottK!   appreciate the detail.

 15:43:26 <skaet> any questions for ScottK?

 15:43:50 <skaet> [TOPIC] Edubuntu Team update - stgraber or highvoltage

 15:43:56 <stgraber> Hi everyone!

 15:43:56 <stgraber> This week we finally got rid of sabayon, pessulus and nanny as these aren't working after the switch to gtk3/dconf/...

 15:43:59 <stgraber> Also updated our slideshow accordingly (disabled some slides, no impact on translation).

 15:44:02 <stgraber> Did a last minute edubuntu-live upload to get everything translated for beta2.

 15:44:05 <stgraber> Other than that everything looks good for Edubuntu, looking forward to beta2.

 15:44:08 <stgraber> ..

 15:44:11 <stgraber> Questions?

 15:44:27 <skaet> Thanks stgraber!   sounds good.  :)

 15:44:36 * skaet looks around for questions?

 15:44:48 <skaet> [TOPIC] Xubuntu Team update - charlie-tca

 15:44:54 <charlie-tca> Good morning

 15:44:56 <charlie-tca> here are some serious issues that we are trying to get fixed. These are the most critical bugs we are looking at:

 15:44:58 <charlie-tca> * #845549: Do not ship /etc/lightdm/lightdm-gtk-greeter.conf - blocks Xubuntu using our own theme; should be in-work by robert_ancell and pitti

 15:45:08 <charlie-tca> * #847514: Convert Xubuntu CD to dh_python2 - inwork

 15:45:30 <charlie-tca> cjwatson briefed this one already:

 15:45:31 <charlie-tca> * #850172: Xubuntu Oneiric Alternate images fail to find abiword dependencies when building images - For reasons unknown, the server intermittently decides the files are missing. They have been verified as being in the right place, but the server is not accepting them. It is very erratic, and respins will sometimes work.

 15:45:41 <charlie-tca> Any questions?

 15:45:44 <charlie-tca> ..

 15:45:55 <skaet> Thanks charlie-tca!   will keep an eye on those 3.

 15:46:21 <skaet> [TOPIC] Lubuntu Team update - gilir

 15:46:28 <gilir> Hi :)

 15:46:36 <gilir> Not much to report this week.

 15:46:36 <skaet> :)

 15:46:46 <gilir> We adjusted the artwork (login + slideshow) to be ready for the final release.

 15:46:55 <gilir> Still working on bugs triaging, in preparation for beta 2 testing.

 15:47:02 <gilir> It will be the focus for next week.

 15:47:06 <gilir> ..

 15:47:32 <skaet> Thanks gilir.   Ok,  let me know off line if there are any blockers after you finish your triaging.

 15:47:40 <cjwatson> charlie-tca: it might not be intermittent; all the failures were in a contiguous block, it wasn't that it came and went.  So it could be fallout from the syncproxy.u.c replacement

 15:47:44 <cjwatson> (although I don't know how)

 15:48:00 <skaet> any questions for gilir?

 15:48:09 <charlie-tca> but we had the same fails during beta1, and respins had to be done every spin

 15:48:16 <cjwatson> no, you had different failures

 15:48:22 <charlie-tca> Oh, Okay

 15:48:24 <cjwatson> definitely not the same category of problem

 15:48:53 <cjwatson> (and we adjusted cron job timing to work around the concurrency problems that were triggering the previous failures)

 15:50:04 <skaet> [TOPIC] Toolchain update - slangasek

 15:50:30 <slangasek> a buffer overflow was found this week in the patch for multiarch handling of compiler search paths

 15:51:53 <slangasek> gcc-4.6 has been uploaded to fix this; there is no confirmed impact of this bug on our architectures (sheerly by luck), but better safe than sorry.  The patch itself only changes the size of a string buffer, it has no impact on the code output

 15:52:49 <slangasek> the other frontends / versions are in the process of being staged, and will be let into the archive as buildd time allows.  None except gcc-4.6 have any impact on the CDs, and gcc-4.6 should be built for all archs well before the start of milestone mastering.

 15:52:53 <slangasek> ..

 15:53:19 <skaet> Thanks slangasek.

 15:53:30 <cjwatson> gcc-4.4 has been uploaded too FWIW

 15:53:36 <charlie-tca> o/

 15:53:42 <skaet> ogasawara, ^ FYI.

 15:53:50 <skaet> go charlie-tca

 15:53:50 <ogasawara> skaet: thanks

 15:53:56 <charlie-tca> My day to be wrong.

 15:54:07 <charlie-tca> bug 847514 is done

 15:54:09 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 847514 in python-debian (Ubuntu Oneiric) "Convert Xubuntu CD to dh_python2" [Wishlist,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/847514

 15:54:18 <charlie-tca> ..

 15:54:23 <cjwatson> Good; it would be getting rather late for it if it weren't :-)

 15:54:48 <charlie-tca> well, I got one right, anyway

 15:54:57 <skaet> :)

 15:55:02 <skaet> any questions for slangasek?

 15:55:13 <skaet> [TOPIC] Archive Freeze status after Beta2.

 15:55:51 <skaet> We have a week between beta 2 coming out and final freeze.

 15:56:22 <skaet> We didn't clarify earlier whether the archive would be unfrozen or not in that interval.

 15:56:51 <skaet> ScottK and infinity would like to keep it frozen.   Does anyone on the release team disagree?

 15:56:54 <ScottK> Last cycle we left it frozen and that seemed to work well.

 15:57:03 <cjwatson> I'm OK with it remaining frozen

 15:57:10 <cjwatson> it's more work but meh

 15:57:14 <Laney> what will the policy be for uploads?

 15:57:39 <skaet> uploads can happen,  but release team members will need to assess and let them through.

 15:57:49 <slangasek> I agree with ScottK and infinity; having things unfrozen before the last beta milestone and final release is risky

 15:57:49 <ScottK> Laney: For unseeded Universe it's push it through until Universe final freeze.

 15:58:13 <ScottK> For the rest, it's use your best judgement about risk versus benefit.

 15:58:33 <skaet> ok,  sounds like we have concensus then.   It will remain frozen.

 16:00:02 <skaet> I'll make it explicit via email to ubuntu-devel next week.

 16:00:19 <skaet> [TOPIC] Any other business?  - all

 16:00:49 * skaet looking around for hands...

 16:00:55 <skaet> not seeing any..

 16:00:56 <ScottK> \o

 16:01:02 <skaet> ok, ScottK

 16:01:23 <ScottK> For release team members that aren't archive admins, feel free to poke me if you've reviewed something and it should be accepted.

 16:01:29 <ScottK> I'm usually around.

 16:01:31 <ScottK> ..

 16:01:45 <skaet> Thanks ScottK.  :)

 16:01:50 * Laney usually just yells in #-release

 16:01:59 <ScottK> That works too

 16:02:01 <Laney> but ta

 16:02:19 <skaet> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/AlanBell/mootbot)