#title #ubuntu-meeting Meeting

Meeting started by jdstrand at 17:01:35 UTC.  The full logs are
available at
http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2011/ubuntu-meeting.2011-08-29-17.01.log.html
.



== Meeting summary ==

''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting   (jdstrand, 17:02:01)
 *Announcements

 *Weekly stand-up report

 *Highlighted packages
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/collectd.html   (jdstrand, 17:15:24)
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/firebird2.1.html   (jdstrand, 17:15:28)
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/openarena.html   (jdstrand, 17:15:31)
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/lxr.html   (jdstrand, 17:15:35)
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/cakephp.html   (jdstrand, 17:15:42)

 *Miscellaneous and Questions



Meeting ended at 17:21:13 UTC.



== Votes ==




== Action items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * jdstrand (39)
 * meetingology (6)
 * sbeattie (6)
 * jjohansen (6)
 * kees (5)
 * tyhicks (4)
 * micahg (3)
 * bliss (3)



== Full Log ==


 17:01:35 <jdstrand> #startmeeting

 17:01:35 <meetingology> Meeting started Mon Aug 29 17:01:35 2011 UTC.  The chair is jdstrand. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/AlanBell/mootbot.

 17:01:35 <meetingology> Useful Commands: #topic #action #link #idea #voters #vote #chair #action #agreed #help #info #endmeeting.

 17:02:00 <jdstrand> The meeting agenda can be found at:

 17:02:01 <jdstrand> [LINK] https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting

 17:02:16 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Announcements

 17:02:16 <meetingology> TOPIC: Announcements

 17:03:00 <jdstrand> tyhicks starts on the Ubuntu Security team today. He will be working on security updates for Ubuntu in general, as well as ecryptfs and other interesting stuff. Welcome!

 17:03:13 <tyhicks> jdstrand: Thank you!

 17:03:20 <sbeattie> tyhicks: Welcome!

 17:03:35 <jjohansen> tyhicks: good to have you on board

 17:03:57 <tyhicks> I really appreciate it and am excited to dive in

 17:04:11 * jdstrand hugs tyhicks

 17:04:13 <jdstrand> :)

 17:04:18 <tyhicks> :)

 17:04:26 <jdstrand> in other news, mdeslaur is off this week

 17:04:35 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Weekly stand-up report

 17:04:35 <meetingology> TOPIC: Weekly stand-up report

 17:05:02 <bliss> hooray more ubuntu security team members

 17:05:13 <jdstrand> so, I have a lot of disparate things going on right now. with mdeslaur out, I figured I would do both triager and community work this week

 17:05:53 <sbeattie> jdstrand: you sure? I can pick up triaging this week if you like

 17:05:58 <jdstrand> in addition to that I plan to get back to defining dbus/apparmor tests and my metrics work items (neither of which I got to last week)

 17:06:26 <jdstrand> sbeattie: I'm sure-- this will allow you guys to have more time for remaining work items, etc

 17:06:41 <jdstrand> that said, it isn't something I plan on doing regularly :P

 17:07:05 <sbeattie> heh

 17:07:11 <jdstrand> I think that's it from me. kees?

 17:07:41 <bliss> paging /proc commander

 17:07:42 <kees> I'm going to be focusing on work item bits, documentation, and anything else that comes up. there are a few kernel updates in the pipe for the ARM flavors as well.

 17:07:46 <jdstrand> hehe

 17:07:52 * kees pokes bliss in the eye :)

 17:08:31 * jdstrand loves that title btw :)

 17:08:33 <kees> that's about it from me.

 17:08:34 <kees> heh

 17:08:39 <jdstrand> awesome ring to it

 17:09:02 <jdstrand> sbeattie: you're up

 17:09:45 <sbeattie> I'll be cleaning up my work items this week, spending time on apparmor stuff.

 17:10:17 <sbeattie> I think that's it for me, I may pick up an update in the background.

 17:10:51 <jdstrand> micahg: you're next

 17:12:28 <micahg> chromium going out today, a little behind on the Firefox 6 migration for maverick, that should at least get built this week, depending on whether or not it'll impact the beta due to buildd time for translations, we might not move to proposed after beta, patch piloting, then back to webkit if there's time

 17:12:43 <micahg> *until after beta

 17:12:54 <micahg> that's it I think

 17:13:17 <jdstrand> tyhicks: you're next

 17:14:16 <tyhicks> My main focus will be on the new hire tasks (setting up accounts, configuring applications, joining proper mailing lists, etc.). When not working on those things, I'll need to tend to the eCryptfs bug and mailing list backlog that built up while leaving my old employer and last week while I was ignoring all things electronic. :)

 17:15:07 <jdstrand> cool

 17:15:13 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Highlighted packages

 17:15:13 <meetingology> TOPIC: Highlighted packages

 17:15:19 <jdstrand> The Ubuntu Security team will highlight some community-supported packages that might be good candidates for updating and or triaging. If you would like to help Ubuntu and not sure where to start, this is a great way to do so. See https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/UpdateProcedures for details and if you have any questions, feel free to ask in #ubuntu-security.

 17:15:24 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/collectd.html

 17:15:28 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/firebird2.1.html

 17:15:31 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/openarena.html

 17:15:35 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/lxr.html

 17:15:42 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/cakephp.html

 17:15:49 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Miscellaneous and Questions

 17:15:49 <meetingology> TOPIC: Miscellaneous and Questions

 17:15:57 <bliss> haha lxr

 17:16:32 <jdstrand> jjohansen: is there anything specific you need from me at this point to assist with dbus/apparmor? I am defining and implementing test cases (or at least as much as I can without the syntax and packages) right now

 17:16:50 <jjohansen> ah yeah

 17:17:04 <jjohansen> I will actually have some packages for you to test today

 17:17:33 * jjohansen has a few more revisions to test but /me thinks we have chased down the crashers that kept taking the bus down

 17:17:52 <jjohansen> basically jdstrand I need to work with you on the policy language a bit

 17:18:01 <jdstrand> jjohansen: ack. thanks again for all your work on that! :)

 17:18:05 <jjohansen> but we can do that in #apparmor

 17:18:10 * jdstrand nods

 17:18:40 * jdstrand encourages sbeattie and kees to at least listen in as well if they have time

 17:19:12 <jdstrand> but that probably isn't super required right now, as I imagine we'll be iterating it a bit and then submitting to the list

 17:19:13 <sbeattie> sure

 17:19:31 * kees nods

 17:19:48 <jdstrand> thanks

 17:19:50 <jdstrand> Does anyone have any other questions or items to discuss?

 17:20:58 <jdstrand> go once..

 17:21:05 <jdstrand> going twice..

 17:21:13 <jdstrand> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.4 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/AlanBell/mootbot)