#title #ubuntu-meeting Meeting

Meeting started by pitti at 18:04:34 UTC.  The full logs are available
at
http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2011/ubuntu-meeting.2011-10-06-18.04.log.html
.



== Meeting summary ==

 *recruiting new members for the ARB

 *next chair

 *AOB

 *postgres SRUs

 *postfix SRUs
''LINK:'' http://bazaar.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-bugcontrol/qa-regression-testing/master/view/head:/scripts/test-postfix.py   (kees, 18:35:15)

 *AOB



Meeting ended at 18:46:12 UTC.



== Votes ==


 * TB signoff of https://wiki.ubuntu.com/AppReviewBoard/Restaffing
   For: 3 Against: 0 Abstained: 0



== Action items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * pitti (79)
 * ScottK (37)
 * kees (17)
 * stgraber (13)
 * wendar (11)
 * meetingology (11)
 * lamont (7)
 * Daviey (3)



== Full Log ==


 18:04:34 <pitti> #startmeeting

 18:04:34 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Oct  6 18:04:34 2011 UTC.  The chair is pitti. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/AlanBell/mootbot.

 18:04:34 <meetingology> 

 18:04:34 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 18:04:45 <pitti> #topic recruiting new members for the ARB

 18:05:42 <pitti> I admit I haven't read it yet, shall we allow some minutes to read/digest it?

 18:05:46 <pitti> (release crunch, sorry0

 18:06:57 <ScottK> I've always found the lack of a requirement to be a developer troubling.

 18:07:23 <kees> ScottK: "evidence of activity" isn't really as strong as _being_ a developer

 18:08:11 <pitti> I find that a bit troublesome as well; being able to spot problems in these packages requires at least some packaging experience

 18:08:28 <wendar> we've talked about that, in the current group, and generally assume that we will make it a requirement in the future, so for this cycle we looked for applicants who are Ubuntu developers

 18:08:39 <pitti> hopefully this will be ensured by the voting/application process, but perhaps it could be made explicit? that an applicant should at least be a PPU?

 18:08:41 <ScottK> I find it particularly troubling given it's enabled in the default install.

 18:10:05 <stgraber> pitti: member of ~ubuntu-dev should match all PPU/MOTU/Core-dev (unless we forgot to add some members to that team)

 18:10:18 <wendar> the only reason we haven't already made it a requirement, is that we're unsure how to handle the fact that half the current ARB aren't Ubuntu Developers, and we're already hurting for bodies

 18:10:26 <pitti> aside from that the proposal seems straightforward and clear to me

 18:10:48 <wendar> but, we could make it a requirement now, with a transition plan

 18:11:04 <pitti> wendar: is that becuase these members aren't generally interested in Ubuntu packaging? do they want to become ubuntu devs?

 18:11:15 <wendar> I certainly do :)

 18:11:28 <wendar> I'm pretty sure the other ARB member does too

 18:12:07 <kees> how about making it policy now, but allow for existing members to be allowed with the stated intention that they are working towards dev?

 18:12:20 <ScottK> I'm fine with that.

 18:12:38 <wendar> sounds good

 18:12:39 <pitti> the requirements to these packages are quite a bit different to 'ordinary' packages, with /opt and all that, but one should at least be familiar with packagign basics

 18:13:02 <pitti> kees: that sounds good; I certainly don't intend to invalidate the current board

 18:14:09 <pitti> so the proposal is

 18:14:12 <pitti> - Ubuntu membership

 18:14:20 <pitti> + https://launchpad.net/~ubuntu-dev membership

 18:14:29 * kees nods

 18:14:51 <ScottK> Is Ubuntu membership required for PPU?

 18:14:59 <pitti> stgraber: WDYT?

 18:15:19 <stgraber> pitti: +1

 18:15:36 <ScottK> As long as Ubuntu membership is required for PPU, I think that's good.

 18:16:01 <pitti> ah, I'm fine with making that explicit and just have both requirements

 18:16:15 <pitti> ScottK: technically I think ubuntu membership is a consequence of being in ubuntu-dev

 18:16:16 <stgraber> also, all 3 current applicants we (as in ARB) have on our list are members of ~ubuntu-dev

 18:16:34 <Daviey> Hmm, i thought PPU was an avenue to get membership?

 18:16:38 <pitti> but I'm not entirely sure whether the DMB requires that as a prerequisite, or grants it together with PPU

 18:16:39 <Daviey> (via ~ubuntu-dev?)

 18:17:02 <stgraber> IIRC we (as in DMB this time) simply grant it by giving PPU

 18:17:13 <pitti> that was my impression, too

 18:17:15 <ScottK> Not a point worth spending a lot of time on then.

 18:17:37 <pitti> wendar: so, are you okay with adding ~ubuntu-dev membership as a requirement?

 18:17:45 <wendar> yup, reload the page

 18:17:58 <pitti> wendar: heh, says ~ubuntu-de

 18:18:14 <pitti> I'm afraid teaching everyone to speak German is a little too much effort

 18:18:21 <wendar> :)

 18:18:25 <wendar> edited again

 18:18:33 <pitti> thanks

 18:18:43 <pitti> #vote TB signoff of https://wiki.ubuntu.com/AppReviewBoard/Restaffing

 18:18:43 <meetingology> Please vote on: TB signoff of https://wiki.ubuntu.com/AppReviewBoard/Restaffing

 18:18:43 <meetingology> Public votes can be registered by saying +1, +0 or -1 in channel, (private votes don't work yet, but when they do it will be by messaging the channel followed by +1/-1/+0 to me)

 18:18:47 <pitti> +1

 18:18:47 <meetingology> +1 received from pitti

 18:18:48 <kees> +1

 18:18:48 <meetingology> +1 received from kees

 18:19:35 <pitti> stgraber: ?

 18:19:45 <stgraber> +1

 18:19:45 <meetingology> +1 received from stgraber

 18:20:22 <pitti> we only have bare minimum quorum today, but my feeling is that this is pretty unanimous

 18:20:25 <stgraber> (sorry, was looking through the list of ~ubuntumembers)

 18:20:33 <pitti> #endvote

 18:20:33 <meetingology> Voting ended on: TB signoff of https://wiki.ubuntu.com/AppReviewBoard/Restaffing

 18:20:33 <meetingology> Votes for:3 Votes against:0 Abstentions:0

 18:20:33 <meetingology> Motion carried

 18:20:47 <pitti> I'll reply on the TB list, and other TB members can then weigh in

 18:20:49 <pitti> wendar: thanks!

 18:21:04 <wendar> thanks all!

 18:22:14 <pitti> #topic next chair

 18:22:28 <pitti> we usually follow alphabetically, which would be soren

 18:22:33 <kees> alphabetically? yup.

 18:22:40 <pitti> but as he hasn't been in any meeting yet, I propose that we skip him this time

 18:22:58 <kees> stgraber: ready to chair the next one? :)

 18:23:06 <stgraber> sure

 18:23:07 <pitti> stgraber: do you want to chair the next one? I can guide you to what to do after the meeting

 18:23:15 <stgraber> pitti: that'd be great

 18:23:17 <kees> heh

 18:23:33 <pitti> oh, these hundreds of hours on the typewriter and pasting stamps

 18:23:52 <pitti> #topic AOB

 18:24:05 <pitti> nothing else from me; stgraber, kees, wendar, ScottK?

 18:24:13 <ScottK> Nope.

 18:24:15 <stgraber> nope

 18:24:29 <wendar> nope

 18:24:29 <ScottK> Not unless you want an off the cuff sru exception request

 18:24:58 <ScottK> I'd like to keep uploading postifx bug fixes post-release, but didn't have time to prepare anything.

 18:25:23 <kees> pitti: nothing from me

 18:25:38 <ScottK> This is the upstream that says, "We don't have a bug tracker because we don't leave known issues unfixed." and does it.

 18:25:40 <pitti> ScottK: is there usually something in them which goes beyond a mere aggregation of individual "we want these" fixes?

 18:26:06 <pitti> #topic postgres SRUs

 18:26:09 <pitti> erk

 18:26:13 <pitti> #topic postfix SRUs

 18:26:15 <pitti> silly autofingers :)

 18:26:29 <ScottK> Yes.  There's two primary upstream developers who have a strong vision for the product.

 18:26:58 <ScottK> Most bug reports turn into "Where in the documentation does it promise it's supposed to work that way?"

 18:27:06 <pitti> one thing that we need to fix there first are the eternal debconf questions on upgrade which potentially destroy your config (haven't checked, I always just say "no config")

 18:27:14 <ScottK> So it's very strongly spec'ed.

 18:27:14 <Daviey> Shouldn't lamont be in this discussion?

 18:27:23 <ScottK> lamont and I have discussed it.

 18:27:46 <ScottK> pitti: I don't recall those being an issue in a long time (I don't get the questions)

 18:27:55 <pitti> ScottK: so do you think the problem is that there are changes which are debatable, or that the problem is on the validation side?

 18:28:12 <pitti> ScottK: oh, wow; maybe I should file a bug then, I get them everytime

 18:28:36 <ScottK> Users have an expectation of how an MTA should work and they are often wrong.

 18:29:01 <ScottK> Post-release, postfix sticks to not changing functionality based on it's extensive documentation.

 18:29:15 <ScottK> They are very, very picky about it.

 18:29:57 <pitti> i. e. you want to establish a permanent microrelease exception for postfix?

 18:30:02 <ScottK> Yes.

 18:30:14 <ScottK> If they are happy with it, it is very safe for us.

 18:30:14 <lamont> I would support that

 18:30:34 <pitti> so I assume this is for not verifying all changes individually, but have a way to regression-test the entire update

 18:30:58 <ScottK> Upstream regression tests the upstream code before releasing.

 18:31:01 <pitti> kees: how much coverage does the qa-regression-test bzr have for postfix?

 18:31:19 <ScottK> I think we need to mostly make sure the packaging works and there's nothing major wrong.

 18:31:24 <kees> pitti: it's fair, let me double check

 18:31:24 <pitti> we still need some amount of testing the actually installed package, to guard against misbuilds, packaging errors, etc.

 18:31:27 <lamont> pitti: every regression I have seen in a micro-release update of postfix has been introduced by the debian/ubuntu packaging

 18:31:33 <ScottK> I've been backporting postfix for a long time and I've never had an issue.

 18:31:45 <pitti> lamont: yes, that's what I'm concerned about :)

 18:31:59 <lamont> ScottK: I've never had an issue with Wietse's work.  my own is the only concern

 18:32:08 <pitti> we had the weirdest things in SRUs, no-change uploads breakign completely, and the like

 18:32:09 <ScottK> That's generally obvious in the normal level of SRU testing we do.

 18:32:12 <lamont> pitti: fwiw, that has usually been me adding in my own other bugfixes and getting it wrong

 18:32:28 <lamont> when I just grab the latest upstream and stuff, it's always been beauty

 18:32:32 <kees> pitti: mostly it tests authentication mechanisms and basic delivery/forwarding

 18:32:49 <ScottK> My view is that if that works, it's 99.9% good.

 18:32:56 <pitti> kees: qa-regression bzr is integration testing on the actually installed .debs, right?

 18:33:07 <kees> pitti: correct

 18:33:24 <pitti> kees: is there any existing wiki documentation how to run this? or do we need a special page for postfix?

 18:33:27 <kees> pitti: it expects packages to be installed, but does its own configuration manipulations to attempt various auth methods and delivery methods

 18:33:37 <pitti> if we could just link to it on the MRE page, that'd be good

 18:34:00 <kees> pitti: there is no general docs on running the tests, no, but there is a pretty common methodology to it, and each test is documented on how to run it in the header comments

 18:34:24 <ScottK> I've never had a problem figuring them out from the comments.

 18:34:25 <pitti> I'm using postfix both on server as well as on my workstations, and never really had a problem with it except those annoying debconf prompts, I'm fairly convinced of its quality

 18:34:41 <pitti> kees: right, I mostly mean where to get it, how to run it, etc.

 18:34:57 <pitti> as long as the proposer of the SRU (lamont/ScottK) know how to run it, it's fine for me

 18:35:03 <pitti> lamont, ScottK: ^ do you?

 18:35:12 <lamont> I know how to tell ScottK to run it.

 18:35:15 <kees> http://bazaar.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-bugcontrol/qa-regression-testing/master/view/head:/scripts/test-postfix.py

 18:35:21 <ScottK> I didn't run the postfix one before, but I run the clamav one all the time.

 18:35:26 <ScottK> I'm sure it's not an issue.

 18:35:30 <pitti> my gut feeling is that an MRE is fine, provided that validation entails running the upstream regression tests (which already is done by upstream), and the existing integration tests

 18:35:37 <pitti> lamont: delegation FTW!

 18:36:49 <lamont> pitti: to be fair, my normal approach to postfix is to take the latest upstream, build it, install it, send email, and upload.  If I actually do any work, that's when I get all pedantic about testing it, ever since I broke it that one time

 18:36:54 <pitti> ScottK: is there a pending microrelease which we would SRU?

 18:37:04 <ScottK> yes.

 18:37:21 <ScottK> There's a backports request pending that we'd direct at -proposed instead.

 18:37:35 <pitti> so perhaps we could do this as a model case, see how much changes these carry, and how validation works, etc.

 18:37:43 * kees nods

 18:37:49 <stgraber> sounds good

 18:38:16 <pitti> but in general I'm fine with this proposal; upstream's stable policy and regression testing is certainly appropriate for our SRU criteria

 18:38:38 <ScottK> It would be -proposed for natty only.

 18:38:52 <ScottK> Lucid/Maverick released with 2.7, so those will still go to backports.

 18:38:56 <pitti> ah, no 2.7.x updates any more?

 18:39:10 <ScottK> There are some of those I'll need to go back and look at too.

 18:39:12 <pitti> then I'm even less concerned

 18:39:29 <pitti> most postfixes which really matter certainly run on LTSes

 18:39:33 <ScottK> No, we can do them too, just referring to the current backport request.

 18:39:43 <pitti> but doing this on natty now gives us a nice trial period for precise

 18:39:58 <ScottK> So we'd keep 2.7 up to date in -proposed for lucid and 2.8 in backports.

 18:41:37 <pitti> ScottK: can we try that SRU once, and when it's done, come back to TB and discuss the general MRE when we all have more experience how that worked?

 18:41:50 <ScottK> OK.

 18:42:13 <pitti> I'm sure it will be okay, but I'm a bit uncomfortable with saying "+1" before seeing it in action

 18:42:19 <pitti> might just be me being a wimp, of course

 18:42:27 <pitti> kees, stgraber: WDYT?

 18:42:54 <kees> right, I prefer SRU history, then MRE

 18:43:03 <pitti> I'm signing up for reviewing that SRU

 18:43:08 <kees> but this looks to be a good trajectory

 18:43:19 <ScottK> I'm fine with this.

 18:43:31 <pitti> nice

 18:43:55 <stgraber> trying with one SRU osunds good

 18:44:08 <stgraber> *sounds

 18:44:31 <pitti> #topic AOB

 18:45:01 <pitti> going once..

 18:45:35 <pitti> going twice..

 18:45:54 <pitti> sold!

 18:45:58 <pitti> thanks everyone, have a good night!

 18:46:03 <stgraber> thanks pitti!

 18:46:09 <pitti> will send notes / update report. etc. now

 18:46:12 <pitti> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/AlanBell/mootbot)