#title #ubuntu-meeting Meeting

Meeting started by NCommander at 14:59:20 UTC.  The full logs are
available at
http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2011/ubuntu-meeting.2011-10-06-14.59.log.html
.



== Meeting summary ==

''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ARM/Meeting/2011/20111006   (NCommander, 15:00:09)
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~platform/workitems/oneiric/ubuntu-arm.html   (NCommander, 15:01:29)
 *ARM Server Status (NCommander, Daviey)

 *Kernel status
''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/ubiquity   (ppisati, 15:15:47)

 *ARM Porting/FTBFS status (NCommander, janimo)

 *ARM Image Status (ogra, NCommander)

 *QA Status (GrueMaster, mahmoh)

 *Linaro Updates (rsalveti)
''LINK:'' https://launchpad.net/linaro-ubuntu/+milestone/11.10   (rsalveti, 15:44:52)

 *blueprints



Meeting ended at 16:02:49 UTC.



== Votes ==




== Action items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * ogra_ (114)
 * GrueMaster (35)
 * NCommander (34)
 * infinity (29)
 * rsalveti (24)
 * ppisati (16)
 * janimo (15)
 * davidm (10)
 * ubottu (4)
 * meetingology (4)



== Full Log ==


 14:59:20 <NCommander> #startmeeting

 14:59:20 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Oct  6 14:59:20 2011 UTC.  The chair is NCommander. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/AlanBell/mootbot.

 14:59:20 <meetingology> 

 14:59:20 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 15:00:09 <NCommander> [link] https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ARM/Meeting/2011/20111006

 15:00:55 <janimo> hi

 15:01:29 <NCommander> [link] http://people.canonical.com/~platform/workitems/oneiric/ubuntu-arm.html

 15:02:28 * davidm waves

 15:02:34 <ogra_> i dont think we need to look at specs for O

 15:02:38 * NCommander waves back

 15:02:41 <NCommander> Yeah

 15:02:53 <ogra_> lets use the time at the end to look at ÜP specs instead

 15:02:53 <NCommander> [topic] ARM Server Status (NCommander, Daviey)

 15:03:14 * davidm is upset that the HTC Flyer pricing was a mistake

 15:03:30 <NCommander> ogra_: I have nothing drafted for a meeting on it. We can do that next week

 15:04:23 <NCommander> server side, I have nothing new to report

 15:04:45 <ogra_> NCommander, we need to have the drafts registered by next week

 15:04:54 <NCommander> ogra_: I'm aware.

 15:04:54 <ogra_> so we need to discuss them today

 15:05:01 <ogra_> at least who adds which

 15:05:30 <NCommander> ogra_: then I'd appericate it if you had asked me to bring it up before the meeting or even put it on the agenda.

 15:05:36 <ogra_> (and i doubt we have anything beyond banshee to discuss at all anyway)

 15:05:57 <ogra_> NCommander, will do next time, but that doesnt change the deadline now :)

 15:06:06 <ogra_> and you just said you are aware

 15:06:25 <NCommander> ogra_: we have the P Blueprints page, and we've gone over it in this meeting before.

 15:07:03 <ogra_> right

 15:07:16 <ogra_> who registers and drafts which one then ?

 15:07:32 <ogra_> i assume david will not do all he has assigned

 15:08:15 <NCommander> I'm drafting all the ARM server ones and will assign them after UDS after discussions with the team

 15:08:17 <GrueMaster> sigh.  Can we stick to the agenda?  I have added Blueprints to the meeting wiki.

 15:08:30 <ppisati> NCommander: anything kernel related?

 15:08:35 <ogra_> GrueMaster, thanks !

 15:08:41 <NCommander> [topic] Kernel status

 15:08:53 <NCommander> ppisati: not to my knowledge, anything to report?

 15:09:01 <ogra_> yes, lets stick to the agenda, i didnt mean to start a discussion (since i thought it was clear we have to do it today)

 15:09:13 <ppisati> nothing new to report this week

 15:09:16 <janimo> no new ac100 either, I was kind of hoping upstream fixes speaker sound - ongoing

 15:09:28 <ppisati> NCommander: nope, that's why i was asking

 15:09:32 <ogra_> janimo, its fixed :)

 15:09:39 <ogra_> janimo, see #ac100

 15:09:51 <ogra_> janimo, time for a zero day SRU i'd say ;)

 15:10:00 <ogra_> (after some testing)

 15:10:01 <janimo> ogra_, well, marvin says one more patch is pening

 15:10:07 <janimo> pending

 15:10:10 <ogra_> k

 15:10:27 <infinity> If the patchset is small, I'd accept it today. :P

 15:10:34 <infinity> But 0-day works too.

 15:10:39 <ogra_> ppisati, xranby reported stability issues on omap4

 15:11:00 <ogra_> i assume GrueMaster doesnt do many heavy load tests so that went unnoticed it seems

 15:11:05 <janimo> indeed, would be nice to have it for release

 15:11:12 <ogra_> janimo, ++

 15:11:15 <ppisati> ogra_: i'll ping him

 15:11:25 <ogra_> great, there should also be a bug open already

 15:11:25 <GrueMaster> ogra_: I haven't been able to get past the installer on dailys.

 15:11:36 <ogra_> GrueMaster, yeah, thats what i mean :)

 15:11:56 <ppisati> omap4?

 15:11:59 <ogra_> yep

 15:12:03 <ogra_> panda

 15:12:19 <ppisati> uhm

 15:12:36 <ppisati> on cdimage i don't see any daily for omap (that is not a preinstalled one)

 15:13:01 <infinity> ppisati: All our images are preinstalled.

 15:13:13 <NCommander> except netboot

 15:13:14 <ppisati> btw, today i reinstalled an omap4 preinstalled and it was ok

 15:13:25 <GrueMaster> ppisati:The installer I am referring to is oem-config.  It is part of Ubiquity.

 15:13:25 <ogra_> great to hear !

 15:13:36 <ppisati> but yes, couldn;'t get ubiquity to start

 15:13:41 <GrueMaster> And is part of every preinstalled image.

 15:13:59 <infinity> ppisati: Couldn't get it to start?

 15:14:03 <ppisati> nope

 15:14:05 <ppisati> crash

 15:14:22 <infinity> ppisati: Was there a bug filed?

 15:15:04 <ppisati> infinity: didn't check, i thought there was something wrong on my side

 15:15:29 <infinity> Possibly.

 15:15:47 <ppisati> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/ubiquity

 15:16:01 <ppisati> but it seems there are quite a bit open

 15:16:03 <ppisati> bugs

 15:17:28 <NCommander> [topic] ARM Porting/FTBFS status (NCommander, janimo)

 15:17:36 <ogra_> banshee ! :)

 15:18:05 <ogra_> so lets make a decision ... since RC doesnt happen today we have a bit wiggle room

 15:18:09 <NCommander> GrueMaster: and I did some work on finding the root of the crash and some workaround attempts Allailed

 15:18:16 <GrueMaster> Sadly, it builds.  It even installs.

 15:18:37 <ogra_> NCommander, GrueMaster do you see any chance for a fix (even an SRU) in time ?

 15:18:44 <NCommander> ogra_: I say we ship withe banshee despite the breakge. Changing el seeds is el suidice IMHO at this point

 15:18:50 <ogra_> if not i'll change the seeds right after meeting

 15:19:04 <ogra_> NCommander, i have approval and RB was tested

 15:19:07 <NCommander> ogra_: I think the odds are on par with you quitting smoking:-/

 15:19:08 <davidm> what is the status  on banshee

 15:19:22 <davidm> I don't want to ship broken as it could be months for an SRU

 15:19:22 <ogra_> i only want to ship banshee if there are realistic chances that we can get a fix

 15:19:32 <GrueMaster> RB doesn't support ubuntuone from what I could tell.

 15:19:53 <NCommander> GrueMaster: it should

 15:20:01 <ogra_> davidcalle, i'll happily ship it broken if i can get a word from NCommander that there is a chance for a zero day SRU or some such

 15:20:03 <NCommander> RB support predated bansheesupport

 15:20:07 <GrueMaster> The banshee issue feels like a missing package or setting issue.

 15:20:10 <davidm> It does not but I don't care working player beats broken player with unknown repair

 15:20:15 <ogra_> if thats clearly impossible lets drop it

 15:20:48 <NCommander> the less dependence on a framework known to be dodgy on ARM, the happiler I am

 15:20:48 <ogra_> so its all based on michaels judgement

 15:21:07 <NCommander> ogra_: you gotapproval to ship RB. Make it happen

 15:21:19 <davidm> NCommander, what is the likely hood of a fix by next Thursday?

 15:21:22 <ogra_> and since he said that i would stop smoking before it gets fixyed ...

 15:21:44 * ogra_ lights a cigarette and opens a terminal in the seeds dir :)

 15:22:00 <NCommander> davidm: Unlikely. Its crashing in pure mono code, and I've yet to get mdb to work properly under ARM

 15:22:15 <NCommander> davidm: nor has GrueMaster managed to getone going throguh MonoDevelop

 15:22:16 <ogra_> yeah, lets keep banshee for P :)

 15:22:52 <ogra_> how about ftbfs beyond banshee ?

 15:22:54 <GrueMaster> davidm: The fix could happen as early as today or as late as it takes.  In my opinion, it is not an easy nut to crack, even with debugging symbols.

 15:23:03 <davidm> OK then lets pursue RB for release, and fix banshee later if at all possible

 15:23:09 <ogra_> yep

 15:23:25 <ogra_> or concentrate on having a rock solid banshee in P

 15:23:32 <ogra_> and dont waste time on O

 15:23:35 <NCommander> [topic] ARM Image Status (ogra, NCommander)

 15:23:49 <ogra_> they build and work

 15:23:54 <ogra_> for everyone bug GrueMaster

 15:24:03 <GrueMaster> For most people.

 15:24:42 <ogra_> s/bug/but even

 15:24:52 <janimo> mx5 is very slow though

 15:24:56 <ogra_> janimo, how is mx5 ?

 15:24:59 <ogra_> heh, snap

 15:25:08 <GrueMaster> I have yet to get through oem-config without it respawning several times.

 15:25:09 <janimo> everyone who tested it says the same

 15:25:15 <ogra_> well, it installs and its a "tech preview"

 15:25:16 <GrueMaster> on omap4.

 15:25:25 <janimo> GrueMaster, for me once it respanwed was the sign the system was installed

 15:25:37 <janimo> but hmm, maybe not ocnsistently

 15:25:37 <ogra_> janimo, that doesnt help

 15:25:41 <janimo> I know

 15:25:50 <GrueMaster> I believe the mx5 issues are swap related.  I seemed to get a bit better performance once I had a working swapfile.

 15:25:57 <ogra_> since you still have jasper and ubiquity installed then

 15:26:17 <GrueMaster> And no user account some of the time.

 15:26:21 <janimo> GrueMaster, but it has ~800Mb of RAM no? The beagle was snappier with less RAM

 15:26:28 <ogra_> GrueMaster, oh, intresting

 15:26:38 <ogra_> that indicates that it breaks reaqlly really early

 15:26:41 <GrueMaster> janimo: I thought it only had 512

 15:27:06 <infinity> 868432

 15:27:40 <ogra_> bug 868432

 15:27:43 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 868432 in SchoolTool Gradebook "• one of Worksheets view or Worksheet's title edit view show unstranslated value " [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/868432

 15:27:53 <infinity> ogra_: No, that was the amount of RAM on an mx53loco. :P

 15:27:54 <ogra_> hmm

 15:27:58 <ogra_> lol

 15:28:35 <ogra_> NCommander, move ?

 15:28:35 <GrueMaster> On my system, last time I tried an image it failed to load the panel and several other issues until I had a working swapfile.

 15:28:49 <infinity> Well, swap is back on again.

 15:28:53 <ogra_> well, swap should be back

 15:29:16 <GrueMaster> I'll test today's image in a bit.

 15:30:43 <NCommander> [tpic] ARM Image Status (ogra, NCommander)

 15:30:46 <NCommander> we

 15:30:57 <NCommander> [topic] QA Status (GrueMaster, mahmoh)

 15:32:16 <GrueMaster> I have spent most of the week tracking down the banshee issue.  I have ruled out possible SMP issues and for the most part, mono core and addons work from what I can tell by running other apps.

 15:32:17 <NCommander> GrueMaster: anything tobring up

 15:33:12 <GrueMaster> I have also been trying to get some feedback from banshee developers on the #banshee channel on irc.gnome.org.

 15:33:25 <GrueMaster> Will continue on those tracks today.

 15:33:42 <NCommander> k anything else?

 15:33:56 <GrueMaster> Daily image for today just booted through oem-config for me (and there was much rejoicing).

 15:34:20 <GrueMaster> Although there is a crash report I'll need to look at.

 15:35:13 <GrueMaster> Is unity-2d supposed to use the same settings as Unity for hiding the panel?  If so - fail.

 15:35:40 <GrueMaster> crash appears to be oem-config.  Maybe I'll have something useful to report on it.finally.

 15:35:55 <ogra_> i think the default is "2" in dconf-editor

 15:36:05 <ogra_> not sure which hide behavior that sets :P

 15:36:45 <ogra_> but there should be a description in the editor

 15:37:00 <GrueMaster> Ugh.  Can't report crash on oem-config because libgtk2.0-0 is out of date.

 15:37:25 <GrueMaster> There was no description in gconf-editor for that key.

 15:37:34 <ogra_> dconf...

 15:37:40 <ogra_> gconf is dead

 15:37:43 <GrueMaster> At least none that I saw.

 15:37:49 <GrueMaster> ok

 15:37:54 <GrueMaster> Will look later.

 15:38:00 <ogra_> if you still have gconf settings anywhere thats a bug

 15:38:01 <GrueMaster> Nothing else here.

 15:38:43 <infinity> Once this new apt builds, I might spin a new set of images.

 15:38:53 <infinity> Installer performance will seem a bit snappier.

 15:39:14 <infinity> For a 6 minute period or so that update-apt-xapian-index isn't killing your SD in the background. :P

 15:40:29 <GrueMaster> I would ask that everyone on the team with a working panda please try to do some testing with the daily desktop image.  I am seeing too many crashes for a good release.

 15:41:23 * ogra_ didnt see any in the last image he tested

 15:41:36 <ogra_> that was a few days after beta

 15:42:13 <GrueMaster> Hence why I said "daily".  Beta was 2 weeks ago.

 15:42:35 <infinity> Oh, we need to get on ndec's case about the ti-omap-extras stuff actually existing for oneiric.

 15:43:06 <ogra_> GrueMaster, yes, i tested a dail

 15:43:08 <ogra_> y

 15:43:10 <ogra_> as i said

 15:43:23 <ogra_> a few days after ...

 15:43:36 <GrueMaster> today's daily.  A lot of packages have changed in the last two weeks.

 15:43:43 <ogra_> sure

 15:44:08 <ppisati> 6th Oct daily + morning dist-upgrade = ubiquity crash (at least here)

 15:44:12 <NCommander> [topic] Linaro Updates (rsalveti)

 15:44:18 <GrueMaster> Just filed bug 869284.

 15:44:20 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 869284 in geoclue (Ubuntu) "geoclue-master crashed with signal 5" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/869284

 15:44:27 * rsalveti waves

 15:44:37 <ogra_> i think i saw evan talk about that issue today

 15:44:50 <rsalveti> not much to report from the Linaro side this week, besides the planning for the 11.10 cycle

 15:44:52 <rsalveti> https://launchpad.net/linaro-ubuntu/+milestone/11.10

 15:45:40 <rsalveti> jcrigby pushed the fix for bug 867670 and bug 867650

 15:45:42 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 867670 in u-boot-linaro (Ubuntu) "OMAP 4460 based pandas run too hot at current operating point" [High,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/867670

 15:45:43 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 867650 in u-boot-linaro (Ubuntu) "OMAP4 eMMC support is missing" [High,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/867650

 15:45:44 <rsalveti> but as SRU

 15:45:55 <rsalveti> still in progress

 15:45:56 <ogra_> rsalveti, how is the move to oneiric going ?

 15:46:10 <infinity> rsalveti: I need to talk to him about that.

 15:46:29 <infinity> rsalveti: But the fixes he pushed looked entirely suitable for release.

 15:46:31 <rsalveti> ogra_: we're still blocked with bugs at the linaro-image-tools

 15:46:38 <ogra_> :(

 15:46:45 <rsalveti> infinity: is it critical enough for the releasE?

 15:46:57 <rsalveti> ogra_: but we expect to have working images next week

 15:47:05 <ogra_> we too :)

 15:47:22 <infinity> rsalveti: Did we not want 4460 to work with oneiric images?

 15:47:27 <rsalveti> I'll also make sure the unity3d packages are in place, so we can demonstrate it with oneiric + latest sgx packages

 15:47:31 <infinity> rsalveti: It's not like we're respinning images post-release.

 15:47:42 * ogra_ hugs rsalveti

 15:47:58 <ogra_> rsalveti, if you need me for PPA copying or anything, ping me

 15:48:06 <ogra_> (for 3D)

 15:48:07 <rsalveti> infinity: yeah, there's one issue for 4460 that might be important for the release

 15:48:18 <rsalveti> ogra_: sure, I'll let you know when I get it all working

 15:48:22 <infinity> rsalveti: The overheating one, at least.  But I thought I saw another.

 15:48:25 <rsalveti> but I should be able to have a PPA for that

 15:48:35 <infinity> rsalveti: Still, the installer setting your board on fire is bad enough. :P

 15:48:43 <rsalveti> infinity: yup :-)

 15:48:50 <rsalveti> infinity: let's talk about this at #ubuntu-arm then

 15:48:51 <ogra_> rsalveti, well, they eventually need to end up in the ti ppa

 15:49:04 <GrueMaster> meh.  Self-heating.

 15:49:09 <rsalveti> ogra_: oh, that's fine by me, thought we would like a separated ppa for that

 15:49:29 <ogra_> well, winter is near in the northern hemisphere ... probably the pandas know that ;)

 15:49:45 <rsalveti> once I have the packages all working I'll let you know, then we can make sure it lands at the proper ppa

 15:49:51 * GrueMaster looks outside.  Near?

 15:49:53 <ogra_> rsalveti, well, whatever works, effectively panda is the only thing we can run it on atm

 15:50:01 <rsalveti> yeah

 15:50:18 <ogra_> so it makes sense to put it in the TI one i think

 15:51:00 <rsalveti> sure, and it's already enabled by default once you installed the sgx drivers

 15:51:01 <rsalveti> :-)

 15:51:12 <ogra_> right

 15:51:51 <rsalveti> that's all from my side

 15:51:58 <ogra_> NCommander, move

 15:52:02 <rsalveti> next week I should have all the planning for connect/uds in place

 15:52:10 <rsalveti> at least from my side

 15:52:57 <ogra_> NCommander, move !

 15:53:12 <ogra_> time is running out and we need to get the specs assigned

 15:54:01 <ogra_> davidm, did you see the recent additions to the spec ideas page ?

 15:54:29 * ogra_ gets the feeling he talks to an empty room

 15:55:03 * rsalveti is still around, but not important anymore

 15:55:09 <davidm> ogra_, nope have not

 15:55:26 <davidm> I'll have a look

 15:55:27 <ogra_> davidcalle, see the two smagoun buts at the bottom

 15:55:40 <ogra_> that looks like linaro material

 15:55:57 <NCommander> [topic blueprints

 15:56:06 <ogra_> so NCommander said he'd take all server specs and have them registered next week

 15:56:25 <NCommander> [chair] ogra_

 15:56:25 <meetingology> Current chairs: NCommander ogra_

 15:56:25 <ogra_> infinity, are you taking the HF spec ?

 15:56:36 * infinity looks.

 15:56:44 <ogra_> since you do the work i guess ...

 15:56:45 <infinity> But I imagine I am.  Didn't know there was one. :P

 15:56:51 <ogra_> it just says armhf _)

 15:57:09 <infinity> Ahh.  Kay.

 15:57:12 <infinity> Yeah, I'll take that.

 15:57:18 * ogra_ still doesnt know what "linaro arm boot " is supposed to mean

 15:57:32 <ogra_> davidm, can we skip that one until its clear what it means ?

 15:58:05 <ogra_> then we have "ARM ISO install for non-mmc hardware"

 15:58:12 <infinity> Does smagoun realize that an emulated live-build is likely to be slower than the real thing?

 15:58:16 <ogra_> who wants that ? i suspect its just d-i images

 15:58:35 <janimo> ogra_, I think that means 'arm boot speed'

 15:58:38 <ogra_> infinity, i think he doesnt want qemu, they used it in the past

 15:58:45 <ogra_> janimo, linaro arm boot ?

 15:58:49 <infinity> ogra_: He has to have qemu.

 15:58:54 <ogra_> janimo, do you want to take it ?

 15:58:56 <janimo> ogra_, yes. I think so

 15:59:00 <infinity> ogra_: His packages won't magically install on x86.

 15:59:04 <ogra_> and find out if thats true ?

 15:59:15 <janimo> ogra_, well it is a postponed one from O so I guess I'll do something related still

 15:59:17 <ogra_> infinity, well, qemu-arm-static ...

 15:59:23 <infinity> ogra_: Still qemu.

 15:59:32 <ogra_> janimo, a postponed one ?

 15:59:38 <ogra_> oh, yours

 15:59:39 <infinity> ogra_: Anyhow, I should probably take smagoun's specs, so I can shoot them down as crack.

 15:59:40 <ogra_> indeed

 15:59:42 <janimo> ogra_, yes

 15:59:52 <ogra_> infinity, well, one is clearly linaro

 16:00:13 <davidm> infinity, unless smagoun is going to do the work

 16:00:24 <ogra_> the package cross build stuff was already discussed art ubuntu-devel

 16:00:41 <ogra_> which he apparently doesnt read, else he could have participated :)

 16:01:02 <ogra_> davidm, do we expect achiang to work on the spec he proposed ?

 16:01:09 <ogra_> i think he is oem

 16:01:19 <ogra_> else one of us has to take the firefox elfhack one

 16:02:14 <infinity> I think our time's up.

 16:02:18 <ogra_> well, that doesnt go anywhere here, lets adjourn, i'll assign specs that have no owner

 16:02:44 * ogra_ thinks him holding monologues to the team with only infinity participating is a waste of time

 16:02:49 <ogra_> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/AlanBell/mootbot)