#title #ubuntu-meeting Meeting

Meeting started by slangasek at 16:04:08 UTC.  The full logs are
available at
http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2011/ubuntu-meeting.2011-12-07-16.04.log.html
.



== Meeting summary ==

 *lightning round
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~jhunt/upstart/utils/upstart_menu.png) to  (jodh, 16:06:28)

 *Bugs
''ACTION:'' cjwatson to look at running britney over $release+$release-updates, to catch inconsistencies caused by incomplete SRU publication  (slangasek, 16:44:49)
''LINK:'' http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/kernel-bugs/reports/rls-p-tracking-bugs.html   (slangasek, 16:53:29)

 *AOB



Meeting ended at 16:58:18 UTC.



== Votes ==




== Action items ==

 * cjwatson to look at running britney over $release+$release-updates, to catch inconsistencies caused by incomplete SRU publication



== Action items, by person ==

 * cjwatson
 ** cjwatson to look at running britney over $release+$release-updates, to catch inconsistencies caused by incomplete SRU publication



== People present (lines said) ==

 * slangasek (64)
 * cjwatson (43)
 * jodh (26)
 * bdmurray (25)
 * stgraber (22)
 * ubottu (16)
 * doko (14)
 * barry (10)
 * meetingology (4)
 * ScottK (4)
 * cyphermox (3)



== Full Log ==


 16:04:08 <slangasek> #startmeeting

 16:04:08 <meetingology> Meeting started Wed Dec  7 16:04:08 2011 UTC.  The chair is slangasek. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/AlanBell/mootbot.

 16:04:08 <meetingology> 

 16:04:08 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 16:04:25 <jodh> o/

 16:04:57 <slangasek> oh right... you're making me change my shuf command to cope with a new /nick, hmph :)

 16:05:10 <slangasek> $ echo $(shuf -e cjwatson barry doko stgraber jodh ev bdmurray slangasek)

 16:05:12 <jodh> slangasek: soz ;)

 16:05:13 <slangasek> cjwatson jodh stgraber bdmurray ev slangasek doko barry

 16:05:19 <slangasek> [TOPIC] lightning round

 16:05:44 <cjwatson> Fixed d-i explosion due to libselinux change (bug 899049).

 16:05:46 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 899049 in libselinux (Ubuntu Precise) "d-i based images reboots during installation" [Critical,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/899049

 16:06:01 <cjwatson> Spent more or less the entire rest of the week working on germinate 2.0 and corresponding Launchpad changes.  Worked through an extremely detailed review from jtv today (https://code.launchpad.net/~cjwatson/launchpad/refactor-cron-germinate/+merge/84624) and this is now approved and ready to go, which I'm fairly sure will result in 30-minute publisher runs; I just need to continue poking IS until I get some attention ...

 16:06:07 <cjwatson> ... paid to the relevant ticket.

 16:06:10 <cjwatson> Little bits of help with armhf.

 16:06:12 <cjwatson> ..

 16:06:18 <jodh> New nick (hopefully unique :) Raised MP for lucid for bug 771372.

 16:06:18 <jodh> Finished Upstart job logging code for system jobs and posted to

 16:06:18 <jodh> upstart-devel mailing list for review. After meeting with

 16:06:18 <jodh> slangasek+cjwaton, we have identified the best strategy for logging of

 16:06:18 <jodh> user job output (in progress). Re-reviewed setuid/setgid Upstart patch

 16:06:20 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 771372 in procps (Ubuntu Natty) "procps runs too early in the boot process" [Medium,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/771372

 16:06:20 <jodh> which should be ready to merge by COB Friday along with the system job

 16:06:23 <jodh> logging code. Currently re-reviewing "usage" stanza patch. Wrote a menu script

 16:06:26 <jodh> (http://people.canonical.com/~jhunt/upstart/utils/upstart_menu.sh,

 16:06:28 <jodh> http://people.canonical.com/~jhunt/upstart/utils/upstart_menu.png) to

 16:06:31 <jodh> allow selection of particular Upstart binary under test. This speeds up

 16:06:33 <jodh> my dev process, and could potentially be used by QA (and maybe even

 16:06:36 <jodh> friendly-recovery). It also shows just how quick Upstart gets from

 16:06:38 <jodh> "startup" to lightdm" (since by the time the menu is displayed,

 16:06:41 <jodh> bios+kernel+initramfs is of course already loaded). Upstreamed a couple

 16:06:43 <jodh> of man page changes that hopefully clarify system behaviour.  Upstart

 16:06:46 <jodh> cookbook updates. On holiday tomorrow. Plan: Upstart merges, bug 553745.

 16:06:48 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 553745 in plymouth (Ubuntu Maverick) "plymouthd crashed with SIGSEGV in ply_event_loop_process_pending_events()" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/553745

 16:06:48 <jodh> ยง

 16:07:24 <stgraber> oh, nice (upstart-menu)

 16:07:35 <stgraber> - ISO testing

 16:07:35 <stgraber> - Finishing the API, got results API published yesterday

 16:07:35 <stgraber> - Most new features turned on (multiple results per user, hardware profile, accessing archived results, viewing removed results/builds, ...)

 16:07:38 <stgraber> - Still preparing the upgrade of the production server (waiting on IS)

 16:07:41 <stgraber> - Edubuntu

 16:07:43 <stgraber> - Going to setup automated upgrade testing outside of Canonical DC for the flavours (spare time activity)

 16:07:46 <stgraber> - Networking

 16:07:49 <stgraber> - Going to upload a new ifenslave today, thanks everyone for your feedback on the changes

 16:07:52 <stgraber> - Then working on bridge-utils and vlan, hopefully also updated this week

 16:07:55 <stgraber> - After a few weeks, looking at pushing at least the ifenslave change to other supported release

 16:07:58 <stgraber> - TODO

 16:08:01 <stgraber> - Look at the new ifupdown in Debian (beta2), isolate the fix for bug 876829 and SRU to Oneiric

 16:08:02 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 876829 in ifupdown (Ubuntu Precise) "Oneiric's ifupdown breaks ip aliases" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/876829

 16:08:04 <stgraber> - Start poking at resolvconf

 16:08:06 <stgraber> - Talk with cyphermox now that he's out of +1 :) (IPv6, complex networking in NM, dnsmasq, VPN stuff, ...)

 16:08:09 <stgraber> - Still need to get my iSCSI test setup online again and then look at the merge...

 16:08:41 <stgraber> ..

 16:09:00 <cyphermox> on that subject: I've been working on ipv6 privext patches for NM, almost done.

 16:09:26 <stgraber> cyphermox: cool!

 16:09:42 <stgraber> cyphermox: did you file a bug for that sysfs weirdness?

 16:09:49 <cyphermox> (and it turns out somebody else was also working on this for Redhat too)

 16:10:03 <cyphermox> not a bug, but sent an email to linux-netdev, no response yet

 16:10:17 <stgraber> cool, thanks!

 16:10:35 <bdmurray> bug triage of iso-testing bug reports

 16:10:35 <bdmurray> discussion with mvo regarding changelogs.ubuntu.com and meta release files

 16:10:38 <bdmurray> modification to cbd (collect bug data)  part of arsenal to check date_last_updated of bug tasks

 16:10:41 <bdmurray> modification to cbd to use searchTasks's modified_since parameter

 16:10:43 <bdmurray> wrote release notes regarding bug 891711 (downgrade option in ubiquity)

 16:10:44 <bdmurray> review of bug bot work

 16:10:44 <bdmurray> testing d3 graphing tool with recent package bugs

 16:10:44 <bdmurray> ubiquity bug triage (primarily bugs due to memory issues when installing)

 16:10:45 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 891711 in ubiquity (Ubuntu Precise) ""Upgrade" from 11.10 to 11.04 results in a unusable system" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/891711

 16:10:52 <bdmurray> bug pattern writing for bug 894768, bug 850264 and bug 882147

 16:10:52 <bdmurray> updated firefox-lp-improvements for precise

 16:10:55 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 894768 in linux (Ubuntu Precise) "Installation randomly fails with: File "/usr/lib/ubiquity/ubiquity/install_misc.py", line 621, in copy_file targetfh.write(buf) IOError: [Errno 22] Invalid argument " [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/894768

 16:10:56 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 850264 in apt (Ubuntu Precise) "given a foreign architecture of i386 on amd64 machine, and an outdated libc, apt tries to remove libc-bin" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/850264

 16:10:57 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 882147 in linux (Ubuntu) "overlayfs does not implement inotify interfaces correctly" [Medium,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/882147

 16:11:01 <slangasek> jodh: "just how quick" *does* it get from startup to lightdm?  Do your numbers that way line up with the holistic boot speed tests?

 16:11:08 <stgraber> (for the record, the bug is that changing something in /proc/sys/net/*/conf/all doesn't apply to all the interfaces, so a bit annoying when we want to change a flag)

 16:11:28 <bdmurray> jodh: I was looking at bug 849414 for more information yesterday and didn't find any debug log files attached to duplicates

 16:11:30 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 849414 in plymouth (Ubuntu Precise) "plymouthd crashed with SIGSEGV in ply_event_loop_process_pending_events()" [High,Incomplete] https://launchpad.net/bugs/849414

 16:11:35 <jodh> slangasek: rough figure is ~2.5 seconds (in a VM admittedly :)

 16:12:11 <slangasek> not too shabby

 16:12:19 <jodh> bdmurray: yes, I know. the problem is is seems to be timing related and if you enable debug, you don't see the problem.

 16:12:38 <jodh> bdmurray: s/is is/is it/

 16:13:07 <bdmurray> actually when I looked at all plymouth bugs there were only 2 debug log files and they were from you ;-)

 16:13:31 <jodh> bdmurray: :) they were gleaned through a bit of trickery too :)

 16:13:44 <slangasek> stgraber: /proc/sys/net/*/conf/all - this has plagued me for years, and causes me to have to manually start radvd on my Debian armel gateway after boot... very annoying :P

 16:13:54 <slangasek> hmm, no ev on channel

 16:14:45 <slangasek> guess that means it's my turn

 16:15:35 <slangasek> jodh, bdmurray: I don't think it's just a timing thing with the debug logs, I think part of it is that the problem is not 100% reproducible to begin with

 16:15:40 <slangasek> * slogging through email after returning from vacation

 16:15:41 <slangasek> * helped run an Ubuntu Local Jam here last weekend, tackling multiarch libraries for ia32-libs: http://web.dodds.net/~vorlon/wiki/blog/Making_jam_from_bugs/

 16:15:43 <slangasek> * shepherded these fixes into precise

 16:15:46 <slangasek> * merged Ubuntu armhf ld.so support into Debian eglibc

 16:15:48 <slangasek> * TODO this week:

 16:15:51 <slangasek> * looking at multiarch for gstreamer

 16:15:53 <slangasek> * looking at various improvements to resolvconf that are in the wild to get them integrated for precise

 16:15:56 <slangasek> ..

 16:16:22 <doko> - a mostly ARM week

 16:16:22 <doko> - fix packages to build on armhf, that do build on armel

 16:16:23 <doko> - openjdk updates and running zero and jamvm tests

 16:16:23 <doko> - fix build failures in main for armhf

 16:16:23 <doko> - fix build failures in package sets for armhf

 16:16:23 <doko> - look at libreoffice armhf port, won't continue myself, bug #900636

 16:16:24 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 900636 in libreoffice (Ubuntu Precise) "libreoffice ftbfs on armhf" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/900636

 16:16:25 <doko> - linaro gcc 4.5 and 4.6 merges

 16:16:27 <doko> - gcc cross merges from Marcin

 16:16:29 <doko> - prepare gdc for armhf

 16:16:31 <doko> - start cross-building gnat for armhf

 16:16:33 <doko> - llvm-3.0 and dragonegg updates

 16:16:37 <doko> - MIR's, syncs, merges

 16:16:39 <doko> - stop looking at eglibc-2.15 for now

 16:16:41 <doko> ..

 16:17:16 <barry> more python-dbus porting to python3.  after initial branch discussion with scott mcvittie, and review of https://bugs.freedesktop.org/show_bug.cgi?id=26420&action=View i reworked my port so that object-paths, signatures, etc. are unicodes instead of bytes.  this made it much easier to pass the existing test suite because the callback dispatching code didn't need to be rewritten to handle byte slicing and comparisons.  new branch pushed

 16:17:16 <barry> to lp and patch submitted to the above tracker issue.  i've already gotten one bug report from arch linux :).  spent some time reporting and debugging https://bugs.freedesktop.org/show_bug.cgi?id=43303 without success.  todo: package this version up into a ppa, advertise it a bit more, and start to port an app (probably c-j).  along the way, i had to fix python issue 11147 http://bugs.python.org/issue11147.  i was patch pilot yesterday.

 16:17:16 <barry> reviewed a webified version of my dh_python2 tutorial: http://www.rowinggolfer.org/tutorials/packaging/dh_python2_tutorial.html.  also if you're interested, i am writing a chapter on mailman3 for the next edition of the aosa book: http://www.aosabook.org/en/index.html.  done.

 16:17:20 <ubottu> Freedesktop bug 26420 in python "Patch to make D-Bus Python compile under Python 3" [Normal,Assigned: ]

 16:17:23 <ubottu> Freedesktop bug 43303 in python "dbus-python test suite failures" [Normal,New: ]

 16:17:25 <jodh> slangasek: right. I have a script which attempts to force it (http://people.canonical.com/~jhunt/plymouth/test_plymouth.sh), but that's "post boot" of course.

 16:17:36 <slangasek> and it looks like armhf now has main fully built, aside from libreoffice \o/

 16:18:19 <cjwatson> oh, well done on python3-dbus

 16:18:41 <barry> cjwatson: thanks!  hopefully this will pass upstream's muster

 16:19:11 <barry> lots of great lessons learned to, which i'll blog about soon

 16:19:18 <barry> s/to/too/

 16:21:31 <slangasek> thanks all

 16:21:43 <slangasek> any more questions for each other on this week's activity?

 16:22:45 <slangasek> [TOPIC] Bugs

 16:23:11 <slangasek> bdmurray: what bugs do we need to fix?

 16:23:25 <bdmurray> There have been a few pm-utils assigned to us recently, but you've seen at least one of them

 16:24:44 <slangasek> I saw three, I've triaged two of them so far

 16:25:32 <bdmurray> and then in bug 766265 there is some question, from the reporter, as to whether not it should still be fixed

 16:25:33 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 766265 in ubiquity (Ubuntu Precise) "Ubiquity proceeds to use free space without warning" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/766265

 16:25:41 <slangasek> the third one looks like it's a spelling bug... not going to the top of my urgency list :)

 16:25:47 <bdmurray> comment #25 and comment #27

 16:26:33 <bdmurray> slangasek: yes, three is all I see

 16:27:09 <cjwatson> although I know Erick thinks he wants my input, it seems like a design issue rather than something I can usefully weigh in on

 16:27:31 <bdmurray> so should mpt be consulted?

 16:27:50 <cjwatson> wait

 16:28:00 <cjwatson> is it just a matter of whether the button should change to "Install Now"?

 16:28:04 <cjwatson> sorry, the bug is kind of long

 16:28:38 <cjwatson> but looking at comment #15 and wondering if that would be enough

 16:28:57 <cjwatson> if it's more than that mpt would need to have a look

 16:29:36 <cjwatson> but if it's just that, I can probably fix it

 16:30:45 <bdmurray> Okay, I'll follow up with Erick

 16:31:14 <cjwatson> comment #19 from Erick suggests that

 16:31:17 <cjwatson> so possibly no need

 16:31:28 <cjwatson> I just wish this were less verbose :-)

 16:31:49 <cjwatson> and less raising of side issues mid-bug

 16:32:18 <bdmurray> having a bug be too verbose is an interesting problem to have

 16:32:26 <bdmurray> as opposed to "fix it"

 16:32:34 <barry> bdmurray: +1

 16:32:36 <bdmurray> or "I don't know"

 16:33:06 <slangasek> I usually find the too-verbose bugs more frustrating ;)

 16:33:16 <cjwatson> true, but there's a threshold beyond which I stop being able to focus

 16:33:42 <bdmurray> okay moving on ;-)  bug 898787

 16:33:43 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 898787 in ubiquity (Ubuntu Oneiric) "(k|l|x)ubuntu 11.10 failed to install with error in install_misc.py assert cache._depcache.broken_count == 0" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/898787

 16:34:11 <cjwatson> yeah, saw that in my inbox, but haven't dug in yet - see above comments about being in a cave hacking on LP all week :)

 16:34:36 <cjwatson> in general that sort of vaguely means "the current system is inconsistent, I have no idea what to do"

 16:35:07 <cjwatson> but no idea how that would happen on install, even if it is over the top of an existing one

 16:36:06 <cjwatson> I don't suppose somebody else could look at that, since I'm on holiday for the rest of the week?

 16:36:37 <slangasek> stgraber: ^^ could you look at this?

 16:37:14 <slangasek> bdmurray: there are 6 duplicates; does that tell us anything about how frequent the problem is?

 16:37:28 <cjwatson> hmm

 16:37:31 <bdmurray> slangasek: those were manually marked so it might not

 16:37:34 <cjwatson> were there any language pack updates recently?

 16:37:38 <slangasek> ok

 16:37:44 <stgraber> yep, I can have a look

 16:37:45 <slangasek> cjwatson: there were, and there was some breakage on the first go

 16:37:52 <cjwatson> I vaguely recall something about -base not being promoted to -updates

 16:37:55 <bdmurray> slangasek: I'll look after the meeting

 16:37:55 <slangasek> yes

 16:38:07 <cjwatson> that would probably cause this, although it would be nice if that didn't cause stable installs to crash ...

 16:38:22 <cjwatson> so quite possibly dormant but should be fixed for robustness

 16:38:42 <ScottK> cjwatson: I hit the regression panic alarm about it a few days ago.

 16:38:45 <cjwatson> stgraber: thanks

 16:39:02 <cjwatson> ScottK: I think that's what I saw.  pitti seemed to be on top of it by the time I noticed though.

 16:39:15 <cjwatson> 2011-12-01, sounds about the right kind of time

 16:39:16 <ScottK> Yes.  He was.

 16:39:56 <ScottK> I don't know if anyone did a comprehensive check to see if any others than the one I hit got missed.

 16:40:33 <slangasek> the latest duplicate is dated 2011-12-05

 16:40:44 <slangasek> which is certainly after ScottK/pitti worked on it

 16:41:01 <ScottK> Yep

 16:41:09 <cjwatson> Unless out of date mirrors were involved

 16:41:10 <slangasek> otoh, the reports include locale data

 16:41:21 <cjwatson> (But sure, it could be something else)

 16:41:24 <slangasek> heh, true

 16:42:05 <slangasek> language-pack-gnome-sv-base | 1:11.10+20111025 | oneiric-proposed | source, all

 16:42:08 <slangasek> missing from -updates

 16:42:12 <slangasek> (bug #900571)

 16:42:13 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 898787 in ubiquity (Ubuntu Oneiric) "duplicate for #900571 (k|l|x)ubuntu 11.10 failed to install with error in install_misc.py assert cache._depcache.broken_count == 0" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/898787

 16:42:46 <slangasek> cjwatson: so apparently we don't have a systematic check for these; any idea how we can fix that?

 16:43:15 <cjwatson> it probably ought to be an alarm in the pending SRU report

 16:43:38 <cjwatson> maybe we can run britney over oneiric-updates too

 16:43:45 <cjwatson> well, oneiric+oneiric-updates

 16:43:48 <slangasek> cjwatson: do you want to take the action on that?

 16:43:55 <cjwatson> yeah, why not

 16:44:49 <slangasek> [ACTION] cjwatson to look at running britney over $release+$release-updates, to catch inconsistencies caused by incomplete SRU publication

 16:44:49 * meetingology cjwatson to look at running britney over $release+$release-updates, to catch inconsistencies caused by incomplete SRU publication

 16:44:52 <slangasek> cjwatson: thanks

 16:45:28 <bdmurray> that's it from me then

 16:46:10 <slangasek> ok, thanks

 16:48:48 <cjwatson> psusi has filed an MP with ureadahead performance improvements - could somebody have a look at it?

 16:49:07 <cjwatson> (sorry, don't seem to have the URL to hand, but it should be easy to find)

 16:50:38 <barry> i think this is it: https://code.launchpad.net/~psusi/ubuntu/precise/ureadahead/faster/+merge/84556

 16:51:04 <cjwatson> ta

 16:51:04 <barry> looks like luke is looking into it

 16:51:26 <slangasek> didn't he say on IRC that he was punting on it and wanted someone else to look?

 16:51:29 <cjwatson> OK, though I don't know if he was just patch-piloting

 16:51:29 <barry> (or maybe psusi is, the comment is ambiguous ;)

 16:51:44 <slangasek> he was patch-piloting

 16:52:18 <slangasek> I would look at the ureadahead branch but can't promise to get to it... so if someone else wants to volunteer... :)

 16:52:46 <jodh> slangasek: I can have a look. What's the urgency on this?

 16:52:54 <slangasek> jodh: not particularly high AFAIK

 16:53:06 <slangasek> jodh: and thanks :)

 16:53:11 <jodh> slangasek: works for me then :D

 16:53:20 <slangasek> one other thing on bugs

 16:53:29 <slangasek> [LINK] http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/kernel-bugs/reports/rls-p-tracking-bugs.html

 16:54:01 <slangasek> I challenged you guys a while ago to get this list down by the end of the year

 16:54:08 <slangasek> well, two bugs have been fixed - good work!

 16:54:12 <slangasek> and two more have taken their place ;)

 16:54:39 <slangasek> I think I'm going to start doling out the bugs to assignees so we make some headway

 16:55:02 <slangasek> so if there's a bug you'd like to work on from that list, go ahead and claim it or you might get assigned another one :-)

 16:55:02 <cjwatson> yow

 16:55:40 <cjwatson> guess I'd better start hitting mine in earnest next week

 16:55:50 <cjwatson> sorry

 16:55:54 <slangasek> I've taken bug #874774 for myself... which is cheating, a community member has triaged it and provided a patch ;)

 16:55:56 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 874774 in cryptsetup (Ubuntu Precise) "could not mount /dev/mapper/cryptswap1" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/874774

 16:56:26 <slangasek> cjwatson: there are lots of other demands on people's time of course, I just don't want us to lose sight of these bugs

 16:56:41 <slangasek> which in theory are some of the highest-impact persistent ones

 16:57:14 <slangasek> [TOPIC] AOB

 16:57:17 <slangasek> anything else?

 16:58:16 <slangasek> sounds like a 'no

 16:58:17 <slangasek> '

 16:58:18 <slangasek> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/AlanBell/mootbot)