#title #ubuntu-meeting: Team Catch up – Ubuntu Forums Council

Meeting started by czajkowski at 17:05:49 UTC.  The full logs are
available at
http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2011/ubuntu-meeting.2011-12-15-17.05.log.html
.



== Meeting summary ==

''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/CommunityCouncilAgenda   (czajkowski, 17:06:26)
''ACTION:'' czajkowski to mail the forums council and ask them to come again to the meeting  (czajkowski, 17:10:19)
 *YokoZar Inactive mailing list culling
''LINK:'' http://instantrimshot.com/   (YokoZar, 17:12:32)
''ACTION:'' YokoZar to post to the list link to etherpad on work done so far  (czajkowski, 17:21:05)
''ACTION:'' akgraner to blog process for UWN and Fridge  (czajkowski, 17:23:24)

 *planet Ubuntu spring cleaning rss feeds
''ACTION:'' czajkowski post to the wiki and update the wiki agenda with logs  (czajkowski, 17:29:13)
''ACTION:'' akgraner to chair january meeting  (czajkowski, 17:35:25)



Meeting ended at 17:36:14 UTC.



== Votes ==




== Action items ==

 * czajkowski to mail the forums council and ask them to come again to the meeting
 * YokoZar to post to the list link to etherpad on work done so far
 * akgraner to blog process for UWN and Fridge
 * czajkowski post to the wiki and update the wiki agenda with logs
 * akgraner to chair january meeting



== Action items, by person ==

 * akgraner
 ** akgraner to blog process for UWN and Fridge
 ** akgraner to chair january meeting
 * czajkowski
 ** czajkowski to mail the forums council and ask them to come again to the meeting
 ** czajkowski post to the wiki and update the wiki agenda with logs
 * YokoZar
 ** YokoZar to post to the list link to etherpad on work done so far



== People present (lines said) ==

 * czajkowski (50)
 * dholbach (28)
 * YokoZar (22)
 * akgraner (14)
 * meetingology (9)
 * Gwaihir (7)
 * sabdfl (5)
 * AlanBell (4)
 * pleia2 (4)
 * beuno (2)



== Full Log ==


 17:05:49 <czajkowski> #startmeeting

 17:05:49 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Dec 15 17:05:49 2011 UTC.  The chair is czajkowski. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/AlanBell/mootbot.

 17:05:49 <meetingology> 

 17:05:49 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 17:06:08 <czajkowski> #meetingname Community Concil December 15 2011 Meeting

 17:06:08 <meetingology> The meeting name has been set to 'community_concil_december_15_2011_meeting'

 17:06:26 <czajkowski> #link https://wiki.ubuntu.com/CommunityCouncilAgenda

 17:06:42 <dholbach> (from what I could see, Joeb454 seems to be the only person from the Forums Council around)

 17:06:48 <czajkowski> #meetingtopic Review action items from last meeting

 17:07:10 <czajkowski> There doesn't seem to be any action items from the last meeting

 17:07:30 <YokoZar> Here, apologies

 17:07:31 <czajkowski> #meetingtopic Team Catch up – Ubuntu Forums Council

 17:07:37 <dholbach> no, at least none were noted down in the team report (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/CommunityCouncil/TeamReports/11/December)

 17:07:54 <czajkowski> I did mail the forums council re the catch up

 17:08:00 * pleia2 waves

 17:08:05 <czajkowski> Joeb454: did ack my mail but haven;t heard from anyone since

 17:09:06 <czajkowski> I'll email after the meeting and ask them to perhaps email us instead ?

 17:09:08 <dholbach> if nobody turns up during the meeting, we should re-add them

 17:09:28 <dholbach> mail would work too, I guess - although it's less interactive

 17:09:45 <dholbach> but mailing definitely sounds good - thanks czajkowski :)

 17:09:45 <czajkowski> aye it is, and it was lovely last time to hear from the edbuntu team tbh

 17:09:54 <dholbach> yeah, aggreed

 17:10:00 <akgraner> agree I like the idea of re-adding them

 17:10:05 <czajkowski> dholbach: I'll mail them and suggest either the next IRC meeting or the following one which will mean two catch ups in one meeting

 17:10:19 <czajkowski> #action czajkowski to mail the forums council and ask them to come again to the meeting

 17:10:19 * meetingology czajkowski to mail the forums council and ask them to come again to the meeting

 17:10:31 <dholbach> great

 17:10:52 <czajkowski> #topic YokoZar Inactive mailing list culling

 17:11:00 <YokoZar> Right

 17:11:16 <YokoZar> So, I sent the mail to the list with the list of mailing lists on it

 17:11:45 <sabdfl> let's play occam ;)

 17:11:46 <dholbach> that's a lot of lists in a sentence

 17:11:59 <YokoZar> Indeed :)

 17:12:13 <YokoZar> I still haven't parsed the list entirely, but then again I never learned LISP

 17:12:15 <sabdfl> at least that takes our list off that list

 17:12:32 <YokoZar> http://instantrimshot.com/

 17:12:33 <YokoZar> ok

 17:12:34 <YokoZar> anyway

 17:13:29 <YokoZar> There are a good chunk of 0 activity mailing lists, and probably quite a few minimal ones, and I want to know what the next step is.  I assume it's an uncontroversial close if no one's used it in a year or so

 17:13:29 <dholbach> YokoZar, is there a WIP overview?

 17:13:49 <czajkowski> YokoZar: as long as you leave locoteams out of this cull please

 17:13:54 <czajkowski> as was agreed on the call

 17:14:00 <YokoZar> czajkowski: right, noted (and I wasn't on the call)

 17:14:21 <dholbach> maybe we can script something where we check the wiki for references

 17:14:22 <czajkowski> as some locoteams go through slow inactive periods on ml but could be active elsewhere.

 17:14:25 <akgraner> Should we blog we are going todo this and let the community know

 17:14:52 <YokoZar> It's probably less work to just go through it manually (and we'll need to anyway for all the candidate closes to see if what posts there are are legit or spam anyway)

 17:15:00 <Gwaihir> agree with akgraner, looking at the list there are also some translation teams mailing list in there

 17:15:27 <YokoZar> does every translation team have a list?

 17:15:37 <sabdfl> are we going to send a mail to each list that will get nuked?

 17:15:38 <Gwaihir> YokoZar, every approved team, yes

 17:15:41 <czajkowski> YokoZar: a lot would tbh

 17:15:53 <czajkowski> sabdfl: that would be the best solution to do so yes.

 17:16:09 <dholbach> maybe a TODO overview on etherpad would be good to see which still need review?

 17:16:20 <Gwaihir> might be worth to send an email to the general translators mailing list with a list of suspicious mailing lists

 17:16:30 <dholbach> I could look into writing a small script that looks if they're referenced from the wiki

 17:16:55 <YokoZar> If you want to just take on the whole task of proposing ones for deletion I wouldn't mind that either

 17:16:55 <akgraner> I just pinged dpm to ask about translation teams mailing lists

 17:18:32 <YokoZar> Still there are a good lot of non-translation, non-loco team lists that could probably be axed (these I suspect fall outside of the wishful thinking hopefully used some day)

 17:18:33 <czajkowski> ok so moving forward how do we want to progress?

 17:19:13 <akgraner> Let's blog we are going to do this - then touch base with dpm on translations and email the mailing lists we want to nuke

 17:19:49 <dholbach> YokoZar, do you think you could share your current WIP somewhere? that'd help us organise the rest of the work - we could also review it in the next meeting

 17:20:30 <YokoZar> do we really need to mail a list that one one's posted to for 8 months?    But sure, dholbach, I'll post something on an etherpad somewhere and we can just sort of collaboratively make notes about it

 17:20:46 <YokoZar> *no one

 17:20:46 <czajkowski> ok so

 17:21:05 <akgraner> I think it's just due process, but I don't have my heart set on it

 17:21:05 <czajkowski> #action YokoZar to post to the list link to etherpad on work done so far

 17:21:05 * meetingology YokoZar to post to the list link to etherpad on work done so far

 17:21:18 <YokoZar> What comes after the decision though?

 17:21:31 <YokoZar> IE, we decide to get rid of kernel-bugs, who do we then contact?  RT ticket?

 17:21:47 <beuno> yeah, RTs

 17:21:47 <czajkowski> team ower and RT ticket

 17:22:00 <YokoZar> ok then, noted

 17:22:08 <czajkowski> If we come up with the list of ml to be culled I'll create the RTs

 17:22:44 <YokoZar> Is pad.ubuntu.com good for this?  Or was it going to be mysteriously wiped soon

 17:22:44 <akgraner> I can blog about this process and get that posted on the Fridge and UWN

 17:23:24 <czajkowski> #action akgraner to blog process for UWN and Fridge

 17:23:24 * meetingology akgraner to blog process for UWN and Fridge

 17:23:31 <akgraner> YokoZar, good question

 17:23:46 <dholbach> YokoZar, let's hope it doesn't take us so long that we might run risk of it being wiped ;-)

 17:23:51 <czajkowski> YokoZar: AlanBell may know the answer to that

 17:24:09 <czajkowski> or the loco council has one we can open up a public link to for working on

 17:24:29 <czajkowski> anything else ?

 17:24:49 <AlanBell> YokoZar: intending not to wipe it, and also not to be mysterious about not wiping it

 17:24:58 <dholbach> speaking of AlanBell - I think I forgot where we stand with the Planet feed update

 17:25:00 <dholbach> :)

 17:25:04 * dholbach hugs AlanBell

 17:25:05 <YokoZar> AlanBell: All right, good to hear :)

 17:25:17 <czajkowski> are we finished on this topic for now ?

 17:25:48 <AlanBell> dholbach: I have had some great feedback, I need to grab the config file and do a heap of updates to nick lines to bring them into line with LP nicks

 17:25:51 <Gwaihir> dholbach, thanks for bringing that up

 17:26:00 <dholbach> AlanBell, awesome

 17:26:04 <dholbach> thanks muchly

 17:26:10 <Gwaihir> AlanBell, great!

 17:26:23 <AlanBell> also will probably sort alphabetically and move to the bottom a set of feeds that are candidates for deletion (I won't do that though)

 17:26:24 <sabdfl> thanks alan

 17:26:26 <czajkowski> #topic planet Ubuntu spring cleaning rss feeds

 17:27:16 <dholbach> let's disucss it at the next CC meeting again (likely January) and see where we stand

 17:27:22 <czajkowski> ok

 17:27:31 <AlanBell> ok

 17:27:51 <dholbach> for a Spring cleaning we're quite early - I like that ;-)

 17:27:59 <czajkowski> we're on the ball :)

 17:28:11 <czajkowski> right does anyone else have another other topic given our agenda is now empty

 17:28:24 * dholbach is all set

 17:29:07 <akgraner> Meeting on the 29th - will everyone be here or on holiday?

 17:29:13 <czajkowski> #action czajkowski post to the wiki and update the wiki agenda with logs

 17:29:13 * meetingology czajkowski post to the wiki and update the wiki agenda with logs

 17:29:29 <Gwaihir> akgraner, I'll be around

 17:29:33 <pleia2> I'll be around

 17:29:35 <czajkowski> I'll be around

 17:29:49 <akgraner> ok - I won't so was just curious

 17:30:28 <dholbach> I'll be on holidays :-D

 17:30:41 <czajkowski> should we postpone it till the new year so ?

 17:30:54 <czajkowski> and just have our catch up call next week as the final one of the year?

 17:31:22 <pleia2> I've got a lot going on even though I'll be around, I wouldn't object to postponing it

 17:31:33 <akgraner> +1 to postpone

 17:31:40 <pleia2> well, skip :)

 17:31:50 <akgraner> :-)

 17:31:53 <dholbach> I'll definitely be there next week - on 29th no team catchup is planned, but if you hold the meeting I'll make sure I'll think of you ;-)

 17:32:21 <czajkowski> sabdfl: YokoZar beuno any objections to not having a meeting on the 29th and having our final catch up next week before xmas?

 17:32:33 <YokoZar> nope

 17:32:39 <sabdfl> +1

 17:32:58 <czajkowski> grand

 17:33:00 <czajkowski> ok

 17:33:08 <czajkowski> so finally next chair for meeting in January

 17:33:21 <czajkowski> #agreed no meeting on the 29th December, next IRC meeting in January.

 17:33:29 <czajkowski> #agree no meeting on the 29th December, next IRC meeting in January.

 17:33:34 <beuno> +1

 17:33:39 <czajkowski> one day I'll strangle the bot

 17:33:58 <czajkowski> are we going in alpahbetical order for the chair ?

 17:34:10 <dholbach> if that's the 5th I won't be around :-/

 17:34:19 <dholbach> (I wouldn't mind doing the one afterwards though)

 17:34:22 <czajkowski> ok

 17:34:28 <akgraner> should we just set something new for the first of the year and start off fresh?

 17:34:43 <czajkowski> ok akgraner you're chair so :)

 17:34:48 <Gwaihir> :-)

 17:34:54 <dholbach> :)

 17:35:02 <akgraner> ok  - i deserve that..put me down

 17:35:17 <akgraner> then we set up alphabetical order then

 17:35:19 <dholbach> you're all awesome :)

 17:35:25 <czajkowski> #action akgraner to chair january meeting

 17:35:25 * meetingology akgraner to chair january meeting

 17:35:33 <czajkowski> anyting else

 17:36:12 <czajkowski> ok

 17:36:14 <czajkowski> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/AlanBell/mootbot)