#title #ubuntu-meeting Meeting

Meeting started by topyli at 11:13:03 UTC.  The full logs are available
at
http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2011/ubuntu-meeting.2011-12-10-11.13.log.html
.



== Meeting summary ==

 *Membership applications
''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/MattWheeler   (topyli, 11:17:00)

 *Bugs
''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-irc-council   (topyli, 11:40:48)
''ACTION:'' topyli to finally mail council about the operator recruitment process  (topyli, 11:44:21)
''ACTION:'' topyli to advertise guidelines draft on team ML  (topyli, 11:48:47)

 *Review last meeting's action items

 *Change eir default behavior
''ACTION:'' topyli to ask if eir can be tweaked to ignore floodbots  (topyli, 12:06:37)



Meeting ended at 12:08:25 UTC.



== Votes ==


 * Accept funkyHat as member
   For: 3 Against: 0 Abstained: 0



== Action items ==

 * topyli to finally mail council about the operator recruitment process
 * topyli to advertise guidelines draft on team ML
 * topyli to ask if eir can be tweaked to ignore floodbots



== Action items, by person ==

 * topyli
 ** topyli to finally mail council about the operator recruitment process
 ** topyli to advertise guidelines draft on team ML
 ** topyli to ask if eir can be tweaked to ignore floodbots



== People present (lines said) ==

 * topyli (60)
 * jussi (28)
 * LjL (21)
 * funkyHat (17)
 * czajkowski (14)
 * meetingology (14)
 * elky (3)
 * oCean (2)
 * ubottu (2)
 * sagaci (1)



== Full Log ==


 11:13:03 <topyli> #startmeeting

 11:13:03 <meetingology> Meeting started Sat Dec 10 11:13:03 2011 UTC.  The chair is topyli. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/AlanBell/mootbot.

 11:13:03 <meetingology> 

 11:13:03 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 11:13:27 <topyli> do we have quorum by any chance?

 11:13:30 <jussi> topyli: lets do the membership app first, shall we?

 11:13:37 <topyli> alright

 11:13:51 <jussi> or hang on, Ill go find some rmb meber to step in

 11:15:40 <jussi> meh, lets do it. we can grab someone later or grab one of our members on the ML.

 11:16:02 <topyli> #topic Membership applications

 11:16:15 <topyli> there's one, funkyHat

 11:16:33 <jussi> funkyHat: lets have your spiel :)

 11:16:36 <topyli> funkyHat: would you like to introduce quickly?

 11:16:44 <funkyHat> erm

 11:16:52 <funkyHat> Hello ⢁)

 11:17:00 <topyli> #link https://wiki.ubuntu.com/MattWheeler

 11:18:10 <topyli> that was quick :)

 11:18:20 <funkyHat> Not really sure what I should say here. Ubuntu Membership is my next step in infiltrating the evil Ubuntu machine.

 11:18:53 <jussi> funkyHat: you give us a quick intor to who you are and what you do.

 11:19:40 <czajkowski> morning

 11:19:47 <jussi> right, so czajkowski has agreed to step in as a replacement for this membership application.

 11:19:56 <funkyHat> Ok. I am an operator in #ubuntu-offtopic, as well as helping out in #ubuntu and a few other channels

 11:19:59 <czajkowski> o/

 11:20:08 <topyli> yay czajkowski

 11:20:28 <sagaci> hi funkyHat

 11:21:10 <funkyHat> I've also done various other things including bug reporting, some bug and FTBFS fixes (but not for quite a while as I've been extremely busy with real life™)

 11:22:53 <funkyHat> I also do quite a bit of ubuntu activism at uni, and did at college before that, as well as installing ubuntu and supporting it on friends' computers

 11:23:12 <jussi> funkyHat: so where do you see you main areas of contribution going forward?

 11:23:33 <funkyHat> The reason I've applied through the IRCC rather than an RMB or the DMB is I think most of my contribution has been IRC related

 11:25:20 <czajkowski> funkyHat: what areas would you like to see an imprivement on in the IRC world ?

 11:27:09 <funkyHat> Going forward I'd like to get more involved with the IRC team in general, I'd be happy to have +o in more channels if extra help is needed

 11:27:50 <czajkowski> ok thanks

 11:27:58 <funkyHat> I'm also interested, if time permits, in standing for the IRCC. But even if that doesn't happen I would still like to take more of an active role

 11:28:45 <czajkowski> funkyHat: and on the IRCC how do you think that group can help with ops and governance? have you thougt about that kinda thing? just curious

 11:29:51 <funkyHat> I think the main thing I'd like to see improved is the (real or percieved) level of beuracracy.

 11:30:11 <czajkowski> thanks.

 11:30:21 <czajkowski> I'm out of comments.

 11:30:54 <jussi> funkyHat: do you intend to continue your bug fixing work?

 11:33:12 <funkyHat> Yes. I am still hoping to, eventually, get upload rights through the DMB, but I think I won't get to that point for quite a while

 11:33:26 <jussi> right.

 11:33:35 <jussi> topyli: any comments or questions?

 11:33:47 <topyli> i was going to say i miss testimonials for your "real world" advocacy and help (i'm well aware of your irc contributions), but i understand that many of those people may not be the wiki-editor type

 11:34:22 <jussi> funkyHat: also, do you have anyone here who you want to "cheer" for you?

 11:34:39 <topyli> i do the same (fix people's windows computers by replacing the problem with ubuntu) and i know how happy the people are when everything goes well

 11:34:45 <LjL> I think it may be inferred from this talk that Matt can become the shy type when it comes to talking about himself, I'd extend that to actively looking for testimonials ;)

 11:35:19 <jussi> LjL: did you have any comments on matts behalf?

 11:35:44 <LjL> Matt didn't receive the IRC survey, so I asked him to help me with mine.

 11:36:07 <funkyHat> Yes I do find it quite difficult to talk about how amazing I am. My thought process mostly degenerates to talking about hats or food

 11:36:08 <LjL> I can say he has a fair bit more input than he managed to convey here

 11:36:28 <czajkowski> and I've seen funkyHat active in #ubuntu-uk helping folks.

 11:37:33 <LjL> Oh sure, he does help in other channels too. Overall I think he doesn't help *too much*, or do anything *too much*. I find that a plus, because I've often seen people getting "burn out" before time.

 11:37:44 <LjL> He is balanced.

 11:37:56 <jussi> right, topyli, vote time?

 11:38:07 <funkyHat> I was hoping h00k could make it too, but as he mentioned on my wiki page it would be 4:00am where he is

 11:38:23 <topyli> i'm happy enough to vote at this point, unless someone wants to add/ask something

 11:39:02 <topyli> #vote Accept funkyHat as member

 11:39:02 <meetingology> Please vote on: Accept funkyHat as member

 11:39:02 <meetingology> Public votes can be registered by saying +1, +0 or -1 in channel, (private votes don't work yet, but when they do it will be by messaging the channel followed by +1/-1/+0 to me)

 11:39:11 <jussi> +1

 11:39:11 <meetingology> +1 received from jussi

 11:39:13 <czajkowski> +1

 11:39:13 <meetingology> +1 received from czajkowski

 11:39:15 <topyli> +1

 11:39:15 <meetingology> +1 received from topyli

 11:39:22 <topyli> #endvote

 11:39:22 <meetingology> Voting ended on: Accept funkyHat as member

 11:39:22 <meetingology> Votes for:3 Votes against:0 Abstentions:0

 11:39:22 <meetingology> Motion carried

 11:39:24 <jussi> congrats funkyHat

 11:39:28 <LjL> \o/

 11:39:37 <funkyHat> yaaaaaaayy ■▎⢁D

 11:39:45 <czajkowski> funkyHat: congrats

 11:39:48 <topyli> congratulations funkyHat, and thanks for applying

 11:39:55 <czajkowski> jussi: are there more folks today?

 11:39:57 <jussi> thanks czajkowski for stepping in.

 11:39:59 <funkyHat> Thank you

 11:39:59 <jussi> no

 11:40:03 * funkyHat hugs everyone

 11:40:04 <czajkowski> jussi: grand I can go back to bed now

 11:40:05 <czajkowski> nn

 11:40:08 <jussi> nn

 11:40:16 <topyli> night czajkowski, thanks

 11:40:21 <czajkowski> np

 11:40:27 <LjL> goodnight

 11:40:36 <topyli> #topic Bugs

 11:40:48 <topyli> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-irc-council

 11:40:57 <topyli> no newo nes, are there?

 11:41:53 <topyli> we went through bugs last time: https://wiki.ubuntu.com/IRCCouncil/TeamReports

 11:42:20 <jussi> nope.

 11:42:25 <jussi> oh wait

 11:43:01 <jussi> nah, I remember one. but it was bots.

 11:43:03 <topyli> for my own part, i have not emailed the IRCC list about https://launchpad.net/bugs/884671 . i have closed https://launchpad.net/bugs/883119

 11:43:06 <ubottu> Ubuntu bug 884671 in ubuntu-community "Ubuntu IRC operator recruitment is slow and ungainly" [Undecided,New]

 11:43:07 <ubottu> Ubuntu bug 883119 in ubuntu-community "Issues needlessly in the IRC Council's private issue tracker" [Undecided,Fix released]

 11:44:21 <topyli> #action topyli to finally mail council about the operator recruitment process

 11:44:21 * meetingology topyli to finally mail council about the operator recruitment process

 11:44:57 <topyli> i think others are well in progress or stalled

 11:45:02 <LjL> It would help if Launchpad worked... :P

 11:45:15 <LjL> Guess maybe we overloaded it! It works again now.

 11:45:29 <topyli> ircc meeting effect

 11:46:34 <topyli> the guidelines bug should be un-stalled. let's advertise the draft again

 11:47:43 <jussi> topyli: +1 to that.

 11:48:11 <topyli> i can send mail to list when i'm doing email at some point

 11:48:47 <topyli> #action topyli to advertise guidelines draft on team ML

 11:48:47 * meetingology topyli to advertise guidelines draft on team ML

 11:49:01 <topyli> moving on?

 11:49:23 <jussi> yup

 11:49:26 <topyli> #topic Review last meeting's action items

 11:50:14 <topyli> i've decided against sending the #lubutu ops call. this council won't be able to handle it, especially thinking about probation and mentoring

 11:50:27 <topyli> so i'd leave it for the next one

 11:50:34 <jussi> Im in agreeance with that.

 11:50:42 <topyli> it's not urgent in any way

 11:51:03 <topyli> ok

 11:51:24 <topyli> #agreed defer lubuntu ops call to new council

 11:51:43 <topyli> #agree defer lubuntu ops call to new council

 11:52:14 <topyli> bah.

 11:52:22 <topyli> agreed :)

 11:52:30 <LjL> Is the bot supposed not to reply to PINGs?

 11:53:11 <topyli> no idea. i'm probably just using the wrong commands

 11:53:23 <LjL> The command is in the list, though. Maybe it's napping.

 11:53:34 <topyli> yeah

 11:53:49 <topyli> let's move on, undaunted!

 11:54:13 <topyli> #topic Change eir default behavior

 11:54:23 <topyli> pangolin: around?

 11:55:10 <jussi> I dont see any background info on the proposal page :/

 11:55:40 <elky> gah sorry, someone decided to play with a fire extinguisher, which means we all had to evacuate for the fun of it.

 11:55:53 <topyli> jussi: it's there at the bottom, but it doesn't look like he really has a clear idea what he wants

 11:56:05 <LjL> I have no idea what the proposal is about, but I'll mention it would be nice if eir ignored the floodbots, I guess. It could be the other way around, but I'm not sure that's the best idea... as eir would still go blah blah comment your ban please to the bots, and highlight what the bots do in the team channel.

 11:56:26 <topyli> elky: hi :)

 11:57:32 <topyli> elky: we're just wrapping up, no worries :)

 11:57:44 <topyli> LjL: that's true

 11:58:02 <oCean> his proposal is here https://wiki.ubuntu.com/IRC/IrcCouncil/IRCteamproposal

 11:58:26 <elky> aw man, we made funkyHat a member? :P what *is* this world coming to? :P I turn my back for half a second and you do things like this :P

 11:58:35 <funkyHat> ❡⢁)

 11:58:40 <topyli> :)

 11:58:46 <oCean> Also, I'd like to go back in time just a bit to cheer for Funkeh, now it's just Congrats!

 11:59:24 <topyli> LjL: we'll see how that can be arranged, it would reduce noise, and there's no need to have the bots 'discuss' like that

 11:59:41 <LjL> topyli: yeah. If it can't be done, I'll make the FloodBots ignore eir instead.

 11:59:53 <topyli> aye

 12:00:28 <topyli> well, i'd like to just wrap up then

 12:00:37 <LjL> I have a misc. item, may I?

 12:00:48 <LjL> Not sure whether it's for the IRCC or CC meeting though.

 12:01:03 <topyli> try it and see :)

 12:01:26 <LjL> It's about the Ubuntu IRC Members team.

 12:01:56 <LjL> I'm not sure it was its intended behavior for people who are ops but not members to be unable to vote on things or receive IRC surveys or other stuff...?

 12:02:32 <jussi> ljl: read the description on the wiki about it?

 12:03:28 <LjL> jussi: you mean https://wiki.ubuntu.com/IRC/Membership ?

 12:03:41 <jussi> but in anycase, I think Its a cc thing.

 12:03:49 <jussi> ljl, yeh.

 12:04:16 <topyli> well i'd like all ops to be able to vote for the ircc, but yes it's up to the CC

 12:04:26 <LjL> Uhm well, I'd just like to point out that it seemed backwards to send an IRC satisfaction survey to lots of people, excluding some ops.

 12:05:18 <topyli> indeed. we picked the irc members team as the audience, but that obviously wasn't a very good decision

 12:05:51 <LjL> Ok. Well I guess I'll bring it up with the CC later.

 12:06:03 <topyli> thanks

 12:06:08 <topyli> oh, and

 12:06:37 <topyli> #action topyli to ask if eir can be tweaked to ignore floodbots

 12:06:37 * meetingology topyli to ask if eir can be tweaked to ignore floodbots

 12:06:58 <topyli> other issues?

 12:07:36 <elky> nope

 12:07:40 <LjL> Thanks for taking the time to making that survey, in any case.

 12:08:10 <topyli> i still want to do a more proper analysis, but that's pending

 12:08:25 <topyli> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/AlanBell/mootbot)