#title #ubuntu-meeting Meeting

Meeting started by pedro_ at 17:00:30 UTC.  The full logs are available
at
http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2011/ubuntu-meeting.2011-08-31-17.00.log.html
.



== Meeting summary ==

 *Previous Actions (all)

 *Ubuntu Meeting Grounds | Calendar/Scheduled meetings: http://fridge.ubuntu.com/calendar | Logs: https://wiki.ubuntu.com/MeetingLogs | Meetingology is the new Mootbot https://wiki.ubuntu.com/AlanBell/mootbot

 *Previous Actions (all)

 *Community Efforts/Testing

 *Automated/Systems Testing

 *Engineering Team Bug Status

 *Other Topics

 *Chair Selection



Meeting ended at 17:29:26 UTC.



== Votes ==




== Action items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * pedro_ (43)
 * jibel (14)
 * hggdh (12)
 * gema (6)
 * charlie-tca (5)
 * bdmurray (5)
 * meetingology (3)
 * nuclearbob (2)
 * Ursinha (2)
 * ScottK (2)
 * patrickmw (1)
 * AlanBell (1)



== Full Log ==


 17:00:30 <pedro_> #startmeeting

 17:00:30 <meetingology> Meeting started Wed Aug 31 17:00:30 2011 UTC.  The chair is pedro_. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/AlanBell/mootbot.

 17:00:30 <meetingology> 

 17:00:30 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 17:00:55 <pedro_> Welcome to the QA Weekly Meeting, as always the Agenda is available at: https://wiki.ubuntu.com/QATeam/Meetings

 17:00:59 <pedro_> first item:

 17:01:08 <Ursinha> o/

 17:01:11 <pedro_> [TOPIC] Previous Actions (all)

 17:01:39 <pedro_> any action item from previous meeting?

 17:02:14 <pedro_> [TOPIC] Ubuntu Meeting Grounds | Calendar/Scheduled meetings: http://fridge.ubuntu.com/calendar | Logs: https://wiki.ubuntu.com/MeetingLogs | Meetingology is the new Mootbot https://wiki.ubuntu.com/AlanBell/mootbot

 17:02:20 <pedro_> odd bot :-P

 17:02:27 <pedro_> #topic Previous Actions (all)

 17:02:32 <pedro_> what?

 17:02:58 <pedro_> whatever, ok no one raised any items from previous meeting

 17:03:16 <pedro_> #topic Community Efforts/Testing

 17:03:20 <pedro_> jibel, hggdh ?

 17:03:31 * pedro_ needs to learn how to use the bot

 17:03:33 <jibel> Hi o/

 17:03:45 <hggdh> ~Ã´~

 17:04:00 <jibel> We are currently testing Oneiric Beta 1

 17:04:49 <jibel> For this milestone there is a new DVD image to test.

 17:05:00 <jibel> it's a 1.5GB image

 17:05:47 <jibel> like a desktop image + langpacks + additional software that fit on a 4GB USB

 17:06:28 <jibel> On the testing side, Ubuntu still need some testing.

 17:06:49 <jibel> Major issue has been found on EFI systems and filesystems > 2TB

 17:07:06 <jibel> and also migration assistant is broken on current desktop image.

 17:07:44 <jibel> Other important issues have been fixed but are not blocking installation and will be available on 1rst update after install.

 17:07:53 <jibel> On the derivative side

 17:09:02 <jibel> Kubuntu received little testing and really need your help: http://iso.qa.ubuntu.com/qatracker/build/kubuntu/all

 17:09:18 <ScottK> Yes.  Please.

 17:09:23 <ScottK> Particularly on amd64.

 17:09:58 <jibel> hggdh, a word on server ?

 17:11:05 <jibel> that's all from me then

 17:11:06 <jibel> ..

 17:11:40 <pedro_> thanks jibel

 17:11:56 <pedro_> any comments, questions ?

 17:12:03 <hggdh> server is doing good -- we have almost all tests done

 17:12:30 <gema> and passing?

 17:12:53 <hggdh> but I would like help on the virtual on JeOS on ESX and the iSCSI tests

 17:13:00 <hggdh> yes, we are passing :-)

 17:13:10 <hggdh> ..

 17:13:42 <charlie-tca> o/

 17:13:57 <pedro_> charlie-tca, please go ahead

 17:14:00 <charlie-tca> ubuntustudio would also appreciate some help getting images tested

 17:14:21 <charlie-tca> They are a lacking a bit when it comes to enough people to do things

 17:14:30 <charlie-tca> ..

 17:15:26 <pedro_> awesome, thanks charlie-tca hggdh

 17:15:59 <pedro_> [TOPIC] Automated/Systems Testing

 17:18:03 <patrickmw> no update from me

 17:18:21 <pedro_> ok

 17:18:43 <AlanBell> pedro_: happy to go through the bot after your meeting

 17:19:00 <pedro_> [TOPIC] Engineering Team Bug Status

 17:19:10 <pedro_> AlanBell, ok thanks ;-)

 17:19:18 <pedro_> bdmurray, Ursinha anything to share?

 17:19:41 <bdmurray> pedro_: as you noticed I fixed firefox-lp-improvements and the stock replies this week

 17:20:17 <pedro_> ooh yes that gave me a big smile today morning ;-), thanks bdmurray

 17:20:26 <Ursinha> pedro_: I've been working on converting existing scripts to lpltk, so I can create desktop team triage bugs report in an acceptable time!

 17:20:27 <bdmurray> I've also an apport merge proposal blocking bug reporting when there are errors on the device hold the /, /usr/ and /var partitions

 17:20:37 * pedro_ tired of copy & paste things from w.u.c/b/responses

 17:21:09 <bdmurray> and an upload of ubiquity creating DuplicateSignatures for those bug reports

 17:21:42 <bdmurray> and a blog post regarding Ubuntu bug volume - http://www.murraytwins.com/blog/?p=107

 17:21:45 <bdmurray> ..

 17:22:50 <pedro_> btw don't forget that this week is ISO Testing so please check your bugs marked as iso-testing , lets make happy the Testing team ;-)

 17:24:12 <pedro_> any other comments or questions?

 17:25:15 <pedro_> ok thanks bdmurray Ursinha

 17:25:21 <pedro_> [TOPIC] Other Topics

 17:25:27 <pedro_> any other topics to raise?

 17:25:51 <pedro_> (tic tac tic tac tic tac)

 17:26:36 <pedro_> [TOPIC] Chair Selection

 17:26:39 <pedro_> any volunteer?

 17:26:45 <pedro_> or shall we use the shuf thing? ;-)

 17:27:31 <pedro_> shuf it is

 17:27:43 <pedro_> shuf -e hggdh pedro jibel gema ursinah bdmurray patrickwm charlie-tca | head -n1

 17:27:43 <pedro_> gema

 17:27:51 <hggdh> YES!;2P

 17:27:51 <pedro_> congrats gema :-P

 17:27:55 <gema> pedro_: I have no idea how this works, I just arrived!

 17:28:06 <hggdh> heh. We will help ;-)

 17:28:06 <gema> hggdh: will you train me?

 17:28:10 <charlie-tca> I like that shuf command

 17:28:11 <hggdh> yes, certainly

 17:28:11 <pedro_> gema, hggdh will teach you :-P

 17:28:19 <gema> good, I will do it, then :)

 17:28:23 <nuclearbob> should I sit in in case I get shuffed later?

 17:28:39 <hggdh> oh we forgot nuclearbob

 17:28:42 <gema> nuclearbob: you know which name my shuf is coming up with next week :P

 17:28:42 <pedro_> oh i forgot to add nuclearbob

 17:28:45 <hggdh> should we shuf again?

 17:29:07 <hggdh> or just 'shuf -e nuclearbob | head -n1'?

 17:29:08 <pedro_> nah next week we only put his nickname ;-)

 17:29:10 <gema> hggdh: it's fine, just train us both so that we can do it :D

 17:29:16 <hggdh> deal

 17:29:18 <pedro_> hggdh, yeah! :-)

 17:29:19 <nuclearbob> works for me, I can take it week after next

 17:29:22 <pedro_> ok lets wrap

 17:29:26 <pedro_> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/AlanBell/mootbot)