#title #ubuntu-meeting Meeting

Meeting started by bdrung at 19:03:47 UTC.  The full logs are available
at
http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2011/ubuntu-meeting.2011-11-07-19.03.log.html
.



== Meeting summary ==

 *Review of previous action items

 *Continue discussion about our package set management workflows (review TB feedback)

 *Creation of new desktop-extra package set
''LINK:'' https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-desktop/2011-October/003374.html   (bdrung, 19:08:06)
''LINK:'' https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-desktop/2011-November/003391.html   (micahg, 19:10:06)

 *Serge Hallyn's application for upload rights for the Ubuntu Server package set.

 *https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SergeHallyn/ServerDeveloperApplication

 *Creation of new desktop-extra package set
''LINK:'' http://git.gnome.org/browse/jhbuild/tree/modulesets   (jbicha, 19:31:18)
''ACTION:'' jbicha to create a list of packages from the .modules files  (bdrung, 19:43:38)

 *Herton Ronaldo Krzesinski's application for upload rights for linux-* packages.
''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/HertonKrzesinski/PerPackageUploaderApplication   (bdrung, 19:45:14)
''LINK:'' http://kernel.ubuntu.com/git?p=ubuntu/ubuntu-oneiric.git;a=commit;h=41d202d80e829c0a489119ad63d7ece08a9786da   (ogasawara, 20:02:35)
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~stgraber/package_sets/precise/kernel   (micahg, 20:09:59)

 *Stephen M. Webb's application for upload rights for the uTouch package set
''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/StephenMWebb/DeveloperApplication   (bdrung, 20:19:16)



Meeting ended at 20:50:24 UTC.



== Votes ==


 * Should Stephen M. Webb get upload rights for the uTouch package set?
   For: 4 Against: 0 Abstained: 1

 * Should Serge Hallyn get upload rights for the Ubuntu Server package set?
   For: 5 Against: 0 Abstained: 0

 * Should Herton Ronaldo Krzesinski get upload rights for the kernel package set?
   For: 4 Against: 0 Abstained: 1



== Action items ==

 * jbicha to create a list of packages from the .modules files



== Action items, by person ==

 * jbicha
 ** jbicha to create a list of packages from the .modules files



== People present (lines said) ==

 * bdrung (83)
 * micahg (55)
 * meetingology (34)
 * bregma (27)
 * tumbleweed (26)
 * stgraber (17)
 * hallyn (14)
 * cnd (12)
 * jbicha (10)
 * herton (10)
 * geser (5)
 * sconklin (5)
 * ogasawara (3)
 * Laney (2)
 * apw (2)
 * ajmitch (2)
 * ubottu (1)
 * tgardner (1)



== Full Log ==


 19:03:47 <bdrung> #startmeeting

 19:03:47 <meetingology> Meeting started Mon Nov  7 19:03:47 2011 UTC.  The chair is bdrung. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/AlanBell/mootbot.

 19:03:47 <meetingology> 

 19:03:47 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 19:04:26 <bdrung> [TOPIC] Review of previous action items

 19:04:53 <bdrung> cody-somerville isn't here. so we probably can skip the review of his items.

 19:05:31 <bdrung> [TOPIC] Continue discussion about our package set management workflows (review TB feedback)

 19:05:56 <bdrung> i haven't found the time to catch up the mails from the last few days

 19:06:54 <bdrung> should we move this point to the end?

 19:07:23 <stgraber> sure

 19:07:24 <tumbleweed> IIRC the only response was from sabdfl

 19:07:42 <bdrung> [TOPIC] Creation of new desktop-extra package set

 19:07:52 <stgraber> tumbleweed: well, it was discussed at the TB meeting, then sabdfl commented by e-mail after the meeting

 19:08:06 <bdrung> [LINK] https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-desktop/2011-October/003374.html

 19:08:25 <tumbleweed> stgraber: ah, I was in the plenaries... Anyway, we can discuss it later

 19:09:23 <bdrung> do we have a sufficient package set description?

 19:10:06 <micahg> https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-desktop/2011-November/003391.html

 19:10:56 <bdrung> micahg: where is the description for ubuntu-desktop?

 19:11:04 <micahg> the only thing that looks funny in there is ekiga, the rest is fine

 19:11:11 <micahg> bdrung: it's a seed, no description needed

 19:12:26 <bdrung> micahg: but desktop-extra wouldn't be a seed, would it?

 19:12:30 <micahg> ubuntu-desktop packageset = basically anything in ubuntu-desktop excluding stuff in desktop-core and core

 19:12:50 <micahg> bdrung: correct, so seb128 gave a rough description

 19:13:11 <micahg> NOT IN ubuntu-desktop, but needed for a vanilla GNOME

 19:13:56 <bdrung> is this precise enough? how sharp is "vanilla GNOME" defined?

 19:14:56 <micahg> idk, perhaps an upstream GNOME link with their base components would be enough?

 19:15:07 * micahg hunts for a SME

 19:15:25 <bdrung> SME?

 19:15:45 <micahg> subject matter expert

 19:17:52 <micahg> bdrung: maybe we should table until someone pops up that can give us more info

 19:18:00 <bdrung> k

 19:18:20 <tumbleweed> or if that fails, invite a desktop person to the next meeting

 19:18:51 <micahg> ideally the person who requested the packageset should be here, but maybe we didn't make that clear

 19:19:02 <bdrung> [TOPIC] Serge Hallyn's application for upload rights for the Ubuntu Server package set.

 19:19:09 <hallyn> \o

 19:19:13 <bdrung> [TOPIC] https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SergeHallyn/ServerDeveloperApplication

 19:19:32 <bdrung> hallyn: can you introduce yourself?

 19:20:06 <hallyn> Sure - I'm Serge Hallyn, member of server team.  I mainly watch the virtualization stack, libvirt, lxc, qemu-kvm, etc

 19:22:06 <hallyn> I rarely make any changes without discussing them with someone else first, but sponsoring is much more work to ask of someone, so it seemed best to ask for server set upload rights

 19:23:17 <bdrung> hallyn: how good is the relation between the server team and debian?

 19:23:46 <bdrung> hallyn: IIRC e.g. qemu-kvm has big difference in both distributions

 19:23:52 <hallyn> I like to think it's pretty good.  (getting ready to submit a bug back to debian from an ubuntu one right now)

 19:23:56 * ajmitch had thought that hallyn was core dev already, tbh :)

 19:24:06 <hallyn> yes, qemu-kvm is ac ompletely different package in ubuntu

 19:24:22 <hallyn> after this next TLS I want to think about merging back

 19:24:25 <hallyn> but not for LTS

 19:24:29 <hallyn> (s/TLS/LTS :)

 19:24:32 <stgraber> As I said on hallyn's wiki page, I've been sponsoring quite a few of his uploads (last being an lxc SRU last week), most were good to upload as-is, the few I changed were mostly to add some stuff that I wanted to bundle in the upload ;)

 19:24:44 * micahg wonders if there will be a new TLS after the LTS

 19:24:51 <bdrung> :)

 19:25:06 <hallyn> (better than a TPS report i guess)

 19:25:44 <bdrung> hallyn: is there something like a server team on the debian side or are you just working with a bunch of different maintainers?

 19:26:21 <hallyn> bdrung, different maintainers, though mostly I just work through the debian bug system.  (i do sit on the mailing lists)

 19:26:44 <bdrung> do the other dmb members have questions in the pipe?

 19:26:52 <stgraber> I don't

 19:26:52 <hallyn> I've said this before, but am intending to seek a sponsor soon to get debian DD so I can feel more closely involved

 19:27:23 <micahg> hallyn: do you have an interest in any of the other packages in the server packageset besides the few you've uploaded?

 19:27:28 <hallyn> (thank you for not pointing out redundancy)

 19:27:57 <hallyn> micahg, yes.  For general helping out in early-release syncs for instance

 19:28:27 <bdrung> ready to vote?

 19:28:30 <micahg> yep

 19:28:33 <stgraber> yep

 19:28:34 <tumbleweed> sure

 19:29:38 <bdrung> [VOTE] Should Serge Hallyn get upload rights for the Ubuntu Server package set?

 19:29:38 <meetingology> Please vote on: Should Serge Hallyn get upload rights for the Ubuntu Server package set?

 19:29:38 <meetingology> Public votes can be registered by saying +1, +0 or -1 in channel, (private votes don't work yet, but when they do it will be by messaging the channel followed by +1/-1/+0 to me)

 19:29:46 <bdrung> +1

 19:29:46 <meetingology> +1 received from bdrung

 19:29:47 <stgraber> +1

 19:29:47 <meetingology> +1 received from stgraber

 19:29:53 <tumbleweed> +1

 19:29:53 <meetingology> +1 received from tumbleweed

 19:29:56 <geser> +1

 19:29:56 <meetingology> +1 received from geser

 19:29:59 <micahg> +1

 19:29:59 <meetingology> +1 received from micahg

 19:30:26 <bdrung> [ENDVOTE]

 19:30:26 <meetingology> Voting ended on: Should Serge Hallyn get upload rights for the Ubuntu Server package set?

 19:30:26 <meetingology> Votes for:5 Votes against:0 Abstentions:0

 19:30:26 <meetingology> Motion carried

 19:30:37 <bdrung> hallyn: congrats

 19:30:40 <hallyn> thanks :)

 19:30:54 <micahg> bdrung: jbicha is here if you want to go back to the desktop-extra packageset

 19:31:03 <stgraber> hallyn: congrats!

 19:31:05 <micahg> at least I think he is

 19:31:07 <jbicha> hi, sorry for missing the beginning of the conversation

 19:31:13 <micahg> congrats hallyn

 19:31:17 <bdrung> [TOPIC] Creation of new desktop-extra package set

 19:31:18 <jbicha> http://git.gnome.org/browse/jhbuild/tree/modulesets

 19:31:58 <jbicha> we could use whatever is not in main from gnome-suites-core, gnome-suites-core-deps, and gnome-apps

 19:33:10 <bdrung> jbicha: does a script/tool exist to format the .modules file nicely for our usecase?

 19:34:03 <bdrung> micahg: ekiga is listed in gnome-apps

 19:35:13 <jbicha> I don't know what format you need it in, and I don't know if it comes in a simpler format

 19:35:55 <micahg> yeah, I see, I'm just wondering how related it is, but I guess that's fine

 19:36:53 <bdrung> a plain list of package instead of an xml file would be easier to read, but the xml is sufficient

 19:36:54 <jbicha> there's also http://git.gnome.org/browse/jhbuild/plain/modulesets/ but it's the same thing

 19:38:10 <bdrung> The description of desktop-extra would be then: "Every package that is NOT in ubuntu-desktop, but needed for a vanilla GNOME. Vanilla GNOME is defined by upstream in gnome-suites-core, gnome-suites-core-deps, and gnome-apps http://git.gnome.org/browse/jhbuild/tree/modulesets"

 19:38:58 <bdrung> this sound precise enough for me. thought?

 19:39:11 <bdrung> s/thought/thoughts/

 19:39:17 <jbicha> that's fine, how about "NOT in main" instead?

 19:39:19 <micahg> I wish I could see a textual list of those files before voting

 19:39:41 <micahg> yes, this would be a universe only packageset I think

 19:40:06 <stgraber> I also would like to see an actual list matching this criteria before voting. The description is fine to review additions afterwards though

 19:40:24 <stgraber> (especially as I'll likely be the one who needs to implement the package set, having a list makes it easier ;))

 19:40:34 <bdrung> the current list is posted here: https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-desktop/2011-October/003374.html

 19:40:52 <jbicha> bdrung: that list wasn't compiled straight from the jhbuild list though

 19:41:46 <bdrung> we could decide on that list and modify it later using the package description

 19:41:57 <jbicha> I could make a list and email it to the DMB list

 19:42:25 <micahg> well, still, I'd prefer a textual list of those .module files before agreeing to use them as criteria for future additions

 19:42:38 <bdrung> jbicha: can i give you that action item?

 19:42:53 <jbicha> bdrung: yes

 19:43:04 <bdrung> jbicha: if you write a script, you could share that with us

 19:43:38 <bdrung> [ACTION] jbicha to create a list of packages from the .modules files

 19:43:38 * meetingology jbicha to create a list of packages from the .modules files

 19:44:03 <bdrung> then let's way with voting after getting the list

 19:44:55 <bdrung> [TOPIC] Herton Ronaldo Krzesinski's application for upload rights for linux-* packages.

 19:44:59 <herton> o/

 19:45:14 <bdrung> [LINK] https://wiki.ubuntu.com/HertonKrzesinski/PerPackageUploaderApplication

 19:45:15 <bdrung> herton: can you introduce yourself?

 19:45:50 <herton> I'm Herton R. Krzesinski, I work with ubuntu kernel stable team, looking at the stable updates, tracking regressions, etc.

 19:47:35 <herton> I'm doing a lot of stable updates lately, so it seemed a good thing to get upload rights, instead of bugging Steve Conklin or Brad Figg to sponsor them (they also work/worked on the stable kernel stuff)

 19:48:26 <sconklin> +1 - sponsoring Herton's uploads has become very boring in the last six months

 19:49:42 <bdrung> herton: are you involved in the community outside of the kernel area?

 19:51:06 <herton> not at the moment. I have been in UDS, talked with some people, but my are of expertise is more kernel, so I'm more interacting with community in the bug reports about it

 19:51:52 <micahg> herton: the earliest upload I see is at the beginning of June, is there evidence of earlier uploads?

 19:52:23 <bdrung> herton: you criticise the political structure inside the project. Does this criticism applies only for getting upload rights or are there other places, too?

 19:52:38 <herton> micahg: that sounds right, June is when I started pushing the ubuntu kernel updates

 19:54:28 <herton> bdrung: for a newcomer it's not very easy to understand everything at the start I think how to get involved, may be there is some improvements that could be done

 19:54:59 <micahg> herton: were you aware that we generally require 6 months of sustained contributions before granting upload rights?

 19:55:11 <bdrung> herton: did you started with contributing to the kernel package?

 19:56:02 <sconklin> Herton has been preparing kernels for longer than six months, and making contributions during that time. It's only that he's started actually doing uploads in the last 6 months

 19:57:08 <micahg> sconklin: in the Ubuntu kernel git tree?

 19:57:13 <sconklin> yes.

 19:57:20 <sconklin> looking for dates now

 19:57:49 <micahg> sconklin: I figured as much since he joined the team 10 months ago, but just wanted to be sure

 19:58:03 <micahg> er...9 months

 19:58:27 <cnd> micahg, I didn't know of any specific 6 months of work for PPU uploads

 19:58:38 <cnd> I thought that was for motu or more expansive sets

 19:58:44 <micahg> cnd: it's for membership in general not upload rights specifically

 19:59:33 * micahg is worried bdrung's question got lost above

 19:59:46 <cnd> ok, maybe this is butting up against the ppu vs ubuntu membership thing mentioned last week

 19:59:49 <apw> i will point out that herton has been contributing to the kernle since 2009 though outside of ubuntu

 20:00:02 <bdrung> sconklin: do you have a link handy to one commit as prove?

 20:00:11 <herton> my first contribution to the ubuntu kernel was to bug https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/linux/+bug/636091

 20:00:13 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 636091 in linux (Ubuntu Maverick) "Touchpad stops working when wifi/3G connects" [Medium,Triaged]

 20:00:26 <tumbleweed> herton: I'm also interested in your comments about bureaucracy. I remember thinking that it was very bureaucratic before I got involved. But I can't remember quite where, and I wouldn't know what documentation needs changing

 20:00:38 <micahg> yep, noted in changelog for March

 20:01:13 <micahg> herton: thanks

 20:01:29 <sconklin> bdrung: no, I can't find it. Maybe I'm mistaken, but I can tell you he has contributed going back some time, as apw pointed out

 20:02:08 <bdrung> k

 20:02:35 <ogasawara> http://kernel.ubuntu.com/git?p=ubuntu/ubuntu-oneiric.git;a=commit;h=41d202d80e829c0a489119ad63d7ece08a9786da

 20:02:46 <ogasawara> ^^ he's actually been contributing since 2007

 20:02:52 <micahg> the bug that herton linked shows an upload where he was included in the changelog in March which IMHO is sufficient here

 20:03:00 <tgardner> commit 41d202d80e829c0a489119ad63d7ece08a9786da is July of 2007, the first of many

 20:03:15 <bdrung> herton: one of my questions got lost: did you start contributing to ubuntu by contributing to the kernel?

 20:03:30 <herton> tumbleweed: the wiki has a lot information scattered, it takes some time to read and understand all the membership process. May be a better description in one page of all memberships, a organization structure or picture could help

 20:03:32 <micahg> ogasawara: yes, but not to Ubuntu :), we were wondering about Ubuntu specific contributions

 20:03:36 <bdrung> e.g. can the bureaucracy come from the kernel package bureaucracy?

 20:04:00 <herton> bdrung: yes. In ubuntu I'm started contributing only with the kernel

 20:04:18 <tumbleweed> herton: yeah, we are planning on revamping that page

 20:05:17 <ogasawara> micahg: hrm, I'd consider a contribution to the upstream kernel a contribution to ubuntu as well since we do base all our bits on upstream

 20:05:48 <tumbleweed> ogasawara: sure, but that isn't related to Ubuntu membership

 20:06:29 <micahg> ogasawara: it's irrelevant in this case anyways, since he does have 6+ months of Ubuntu contribution

 20:06:35 <bdrung> ogasawara: contributing to an upstream project (here the kernel) doesn't grant you ubuntu membership

 20:07:51 <bdrung> i am wondering if we should have an other format for presenting the information than using a wiki

 20:08:09 <bdrung> a wiki tend to be not structured enough

 20:08:39 <geser> like?

 20:08:55 <tumbleweed> the packaging guide?

 20:09:04 <bdrung> that's the question.

 20:09:05 <stgraber> we're already past our allocated time for the DMB meeting, should we vote?

 20:09:20 <bdrung> k, let's vote.

 20:09:41 <bdrung> before vote: do we have a package set for the kernel?

 20:09:49 <apw> yes

 20:09:59 <micahg> http://people.canonical.com/~stgraber/package_sets/precise/kernel

 20:10:01 <stgraber> yes, we have a package set and associated team for the kernel

 20:10:37 <geser> IIRC they are the only one who can upload kernels (not sure if core-devs can do it or not)

 20:10:38 <stgraber> ouch, the uploaders part is a mess, yeah for LP bugs... /me goes to poke #launchpad to fix that one too

 20:11:05 <stgraber> geser: ubuntu-core-dev is part of ubuntu-kernel-uploaders

 20:11:27 <bdrung> [VOTE] Should Herton Ronaldo Krzesinski get upload rights for the kernel package set?

 20:11:27 <meetingology> Please vote on: Should Herton Ronaldo Krzesinski get upload rights for the kernel package set?

 20:11:27 <meetingology> Public votes can be registered by saying +1, +0 or -1 in channel, (private votes don't work yet, but when they do it will be by messaging the channel followed by +1/-1/+0 to me)

 20:11:35 <geser> +1

 20:11:35 <meetingology> +1 received from geser

 20:11:40 <tumbleweed> +1

 20:11:40 <meetingology> +1 received from tumbleweed

 20:11:59 <stgraber> +1

 20:11:59 <meetingology> +1 received from stgraber

 20:12:08 <bdrung> +1

 20:12:08 <meetingology> +1 received from bdrung

 20:12:34 <micahg> +0 I'm reluctant to give a +1 w/out a dev release sponsored upload

 20:12:34 <meetingology> +0 I'm reluctant to give a +1 w/out a dev release sponsored upload received from micahg

 20:12:52 <bdrung> [ENDVOTE]

 20:12:52 <meetingology> Voting ended on: Should Herton Ronaldo Krzesinski get upload rights for the kernel package set?

 20:12:52 <meetingology> Votes for:4 Votes against:0 Abstentions:1

 20:12:52 <meetingology> Motion carried

 20:13:17 <bdrung> herton: congrats

 20:13:32 <herton> thanks!

 20:13:56 <bdrung> should we end this meeting now and defer the remaining application to the next meeting?

 20:14:49 <tumbleweed> micahg: in the case of kernel packages, that doesn't concern me too much

 20:15:12 <micahg> tumbleweed: if not for the dev release, why are upload rights required?  kernel packages go through a PPA anyways

 20:15:14 <bdrung> SRUs need more care than -dev uploads

 20:15:28 <micahg> indeed

 20:16:11 <bdrung> anyone not having time to process the last applicant?

 20:16:29 * tumbleweed has time

 20:16:42 <Laney> I don't think you should be considering components for packagesets

 20:17:25 <micahg> Laney: in this case where it's shadowing a seed based packageset, it makes sense IMHO

 20:17:34 <stgraber> bdrung: yeah, I think I have time for one more

 20:17:48 <Laney> no, it makes sense in relation to the other set

 20:18:35 <bdrung> [TOPIC] Stephen M. Webb's application for upload rights for the uTouch package set

 20:19:16 <bdrung> [LINK] https://wiki.ubuntu.com/StephenMWebb/DeveloperApplication

 20:19:30 <bdrung> bregma: can you introduce yourself?

 20:19:51 <bregma> sure

 20:20:16 <bregma> I'm a software developer, a member of the uTouch team developing touch-based sofwtare for Ubuntu

 20:20:31 <bregma> I also occasionally fix other unrelated bugs, for Ubuntu and Debian

 20:21:32 <bregma> I have also spent the better part of a decade packaging all kinds of software for other Debian-based distros

 20:23:07 <micahg> bregma: what makes you want to join a "cabal of cliquish members"

 20:23:14 <bdrung> bregma: do you have a debian qa page?

 20:23:56 <bregma> micahg, cliques are only a problem when you're not a member

 20:25:18 <micahg> well, some would say that just their existence would be problematic which I think "cliques" is something we try to shy away from in Ubuntu

 20:25:19 <bdrung> bregma: are you active on the ubuntu devel irc channels?

 20:25:47 <bregma> bdrung, from time to time

 20:26:22 <bregma> I mean, I'm usually on the channel, but rarely can answer anything before someone better able can

 20:26:50 <jbicha> if Ubuntu development appears to be "a very closed cabal of cliquish members", then we're doing something very wrong

 20:27:23 <bregma> yes

 20:27:28 <bdrung> bregma: can you give an example in which the ubuntu development appeared as a "closed cabal of cliquish members"

 20:27:35 <bregma> but I wrote that on a day I was frustrated

 20:28:07 <bregma> well, I asked on #ubuntu-devel what the best format to submit a bug was

 20:28:19 <bregma> and the answer was "it doesn't matter" from several responses

 20:28:44 <bregma> so I submitted a merge request to the ubuntu source package

 20:29:06 <bregma> and the immediate response from a maintainer was 'we don't do things that way"

 20:29:44 <bregma> I guess I should have gone back to change my develop application when i was less annoyed but I got busy with UDS and I forgot

 20:29:51 <bdrung> some prefer patches and other merge proposals

 20:30:09 <tumbleweed> naah, it's good to shed light on problems, that's why that's in the t emplate

 20:30:28 <bregma> I understand, but it does not mean it' does not appear like a shibboleth

 20:30:29 <bdrung> it's important to talk about problem.

 20:30:40 * tumbleweed is guessing desktop team (which uses non-UDD bzr branches, but plans to migrate, from what I heard at UDS)

 20:30:48 <bregma> the docs and wiki are stymying

 20:30:56 <micahg> debcheckout can be your friend sometimes :-/

 20:31:07 <tumbleweed> and probably an enemy too :P

 20:31:43 <tumbleweed> bregma: hrm, how didyou get an @ubuntu.com address without membership?

 20:31:45 * ajmitch still gets confused as to the 'right' way to do things as well, it's not like you're alone in that

 20:32:07 <bregma> I've since seen all the changes proposed to the developer application process and other processes, so I realize it's just hard to know what's not easy to learn if you're already on the inside

 20:32:46 <bregma> tumbleweed, the guys at Canonical gave it to me, I assume so uploads don;t balk

 20:33:00 <bdrung> are there other problematic areas beside getting the correct format of your contribution?

 20:33:51 <bregma> just the problem of trying to figure out how the whole system works... I am not a fan of wikis for finding information

 20:34:34 <bregma> I didn;t intend to sound like a grouch or anything

 20:35:06 <bregma> but a lot of my experience with figuring out how things works ends up with a "well, you just gotta know"

 20:35:09 <bdrung> you are not the only one who finds wikis sub-optimal for presenting information

 20:35:14 <micahg> bregma: any address is fine for a changelog entry (ubuntu.com preferred once earned)

 20:36:06 <bregma> as a long-time Unix developer, I'm used to having to know what the command is before I can find which command to use, c'est la vie

 20:36:17 <cnd> micahg, it's a lintian warning if it's not @ubuntu.com, IIRC

 20:36:38 <micahg> cnd: only if DEBEMAIL is set to an ubuntu dot come address

 20:36:53 <micahg> oops..ubuntu.com

 20:37:12 <cnd> hmm? DEBEMAIL is used for the changelog entry

 20:37:25 <bdrung> yes if you use dch

 20:37:50 <bregma> I do not believe I've used my ubuntu.com mail address for anything except mailing list subscriptions any way

 20:37:56 <bdrung> every question asked?

 20:38:10 <tumbleweed> bregma: I see you've touched packages outside the packageset you are applying for

 20:38:25 <tumbleweed> are you intending to apply for MOTU at some point?

 20:38:43 <bregma> some day

 20:38:57 <micahg> bregma: is there a reason you've only had one sponsor and therefore one endoresement?

 20:39:15 <micahg> *for the utouch stuff at least

 20:39:20 <tumbleweed> micahg: I've sponsored uploads for bregma too

 20:39:32 <micahg> tumbleweed: yes, but you haven't commented on the APP

 20:39:51 <micahg> even as a character witness

 20:39:52 * tumbleweed tends to comment when asked. I was replying to "one sponsor"

 20:39:55 <cnd> micahg, for the utouch package set, the number of people available to sponsor is small

 20:40:16 <micahg> cnd: core devs can sponsor as can MOTUs depending on the package

 20:40:33 <bregma> I've had several sponsors, I just feel really uncomfortable asking for an endorsement

 20:40:50 <cnd> yes, I understand, it just seems like the criteria should be lower for ppu

 20:41:06 <bregma> there's room in Ubuntu for the less social, too

 20:41:17 <tumbleweed> heh

 20:41:46 <cnd> tbh, I'm tired of sponsoring bregma's uploads :)

 20:41:58 <cnd> he's quite capable

 20:42:02 <micahg> indeed, for one package I might agree, but for a set, I would think that there should be multiple people reviewing their work before agreeing

 20:42:19 * tumbleweed sees that he had no problem's with bregma's uploads either (2 sponsorships). They were in perfect shape

 20:42:37 <tumbleweed> but I wouldn't endorse from two uploads

 20:42:48 <cnd> there's only one person who uploads utouch packages outside of abnormal cases

 20:42:50 <bdrung> tumbleweed: even for a package set?

 20:43:07 <micahg> bregma: right, but part of uploading is knowing when to ask others and being able to ask others is important

 20:43:26 <cnd> and that person endorses bregma to add to the pool :)

 20:45:00 <tumbleweed> bdrung: yeah, I'd probably have left a comment

 20:45:10 <bdrung> are we are ready to vote or do we need more time to discuss this topic?

 20:45:39 <tumbleweed> ready

 20:45:50 * stgraber too

 20:45:56 <micahg> ready

 20:46:17 <bdrung> [VOTE] Should Stephen M. Webb get upload rights for the uTouch package set?

 20:46:17 <meetingology> Please vote on: Should Stephen M. Webb get upload rights for the uTouch package set?

 20:46:17 <meetingology> Public votes can be registered by saying +1, +0 or -1 in channel, (private votes don't work yet, but when they do it will be by messaging the channel followed by +1/-1/+0 to me)

 20:47:33 <tumbleweed> +1

 20:47:33 <meetingology> +1 received from tumbleweed

 20:48:19 <bdrung> +1 but more than one endorsement would be better

 20:48:19 <meetingology> +1 but more than one endorsement would be better received from bdrung

 20:48:34 <stgraber> +1

 20:48:34 <meetingology> +1 received from stgraber

 20:48:38 <geser> +1

 20:48:38 <meetingology> +1 received from geser

 20:48:43 <micahg> +0 the work itself seems fine and there have been no quick uploads subsequently to fix issues, but I'm concerned about communication with others, it's not just about being social, but about peer review as well, even comments by other sponsors would have been helpful

 20:48:43 <meetingology> +0 the work itself seems fine and there have been no quick uploads subsequently to fix issues, but I'm concerned about communication with others, it's not just about being social, but about peer review as well, even comments by other sponsors would have been helpful received from micahg

 20:49:05 <bdrung> [ENDVOTE]

 20:49:05 <meetingology> Voting ended on: Should Stephen M. Webb get upload rights for the uTouch package set?

 20:49:05 <meetingology> Votes for:4 Votes against:0 Abstentions:1

 20:49:05 <meetingology> Motion carried

 20:49:26 <bdrung> bregma: congrats.

 20:49:32 <micahg> bregma: congrats

 20:49:55 <cnd> thanks all!

 20:50:08 <bdrung> bregma: for your next application i recommend to take micahg's voting comment to heart

 20:50:09 <bregma> thank you

 20:50:24 <bdrung> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/AlanBell/mootbot)