#title #ubuntu-meeting Meeting

Meeting started by head_victim at 10:16:29 UTC.  The full logs are
available at
http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2011/ubuntu-meeting.2011-10-11-10.16.log.html
.



== Meeting summary ==

''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/Membership/RegionalBoards/AsiaOceania   (head_victim, 10:16:49)
''ACTION:'' head_victim to email follow up to ashickur  (head_victim, 10:31:11)



Meeting ended at 11:04:18 UTC.



== Votes ==


 * on to accept ashickur-noor as a Ubuntu Member , reply with +1 for yes, -1 for no and +0 for abstaining
   For: 0 Against: 0 Abstained: 4



== Action items ==

 * head_victim to email follow up to ashickur



== Action items, by person ==

 * head_victim
 ** head_victim to email follow up to ashickur



== People present (lines said) ==

 * head_victim (37)
 * ashickur-noor (20)
 * Destine (18)
 * elky (17)
 * meetingology (13)
 * freeflying (6)
 * AlanBell (3)
 * ejat (2)



== Full Log ==


 10:16:29 <head_victim> #startmeeting

 10:16:29 <meetingology> Meeting started Tue Oct 11 10:16:29 2011 UTC.  The chair is head_victim. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/AlanBell/mootbot.

 10:16:29 <meetingology> 

 10:16:29 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 10:16:49 <head_victim> #link https://wiki.ubuntu.com/Membership/RegionalBoards/AsiaOceania

 10:17:31 <head_victim> ashickur-noor: how about you give us a brief introduction while people have a few minutes to read over your application

 10:17:54 <Destine> head_victim, oh, he is timed out.

 10:17:56 <head_victim> Well that's a good start

 10:18:13 <head_victim> We should all read over the application now anyway, they're bound to reconnect in a couple of minutes.

 10:18:37 <Destine> head_victim, already read.

 10:18:45 <elky> same

 10:18:56 <head_victim> Cool

 10:19:24 <head_victim> Well another topic I wanted to bring up was the scheduling of the meetings. Most other boards tend to meet monthly and with the current number of applicants I don't think that's too bad an idea.

 10:20:15 <elky> i like the idea of monthly

 10:20:47 <Destine> head_victim, agreed. However, I think it can be flexible. We can arrange extra meetings if we have a lot of applicants.

 10:20:49 <head_victim> If we start getting large numbers of applicants we can't get through we could easily go back to twice a month if the need arisings

 10:21:29 <head_victim> Destine: exactly what I was thinking :)

 10:21:58 <Destine> I do hope we can have more applicants. I wish we can be a little bit busy really.

 10:23:11 <head_victim> I saw a blog on the planet encouraging membership recently actually. It's probably somethign we could all assist with. I'm sure we all know people who are suited to becoming Ubuntu members that aren't

 10:23:17 <freeflying> Destine: I bet if we speak Chinese, applicants will flood in :)

 10:23:35 <Destine> freeflying, I guess so. :)

 10:24:00 <head_victim> I'm sure there is a Ubuntu member int he Chinese team that would be willing to assist with the translations

 10:24:16 <head_victim> And of course as long as the application is in early enough there is always google translate

 10:24:43 <freeflying> head_victim: but still language is a gap :)

 10:24:45 <ejat> still not rejoin ?

 10:25:24 <head_victim> ejat: apparently not :/

 10:25:31 <Destine> freeflying, sure. Encourage them to learn English then.

 10:26:00 * Destine call for ashickur...

 10:26:02 <head_victim> So are we comfortable on reaching consensus on making the meeting monthly?

 10:26:09 <Destine> head_victim, +1

 10:26:32 <freeflying> +1

 10:26:41 <elky> +1

 10:27:43 <head_victim> Ok well when writing up the next meeting times I'll post it for the second Tuesday of next month

 10:27:46 <ejat> +1

 10:28:22 <head_victim> Ashickur appears to have dropped offline

 10:28:47 <head_victim> #Agreed Change meetings to monthly for now, revisit if applications pick up to the point of not getting through them in a meeting

 10:29:21 <head_victim> Anyone willing to email ashickur to get them to follow up next month?

 10:31:11 <head_victim> #action head_victim to email follow up to ashickur

 10:31:11 * meetingology head_victim to email follow up to ashickur

 10:31:19 <head_victim> Alright, anyone have any other business?

 10:33:55 <Destine> head_victim, I guess he is back.

 10:34:13 <ashickur-noor> Sorry

 10:34:16 <Destine> elky, ejat freeflying ping.

 10:34:31 <Destine> the applicant is back.

 10:34:34 <head_victim> ashickur-noor: can you give us a quick introduction, we were about to close off the meeting

 10:34:55 <elky> still here

 10:35:11 <ashickur-noor> About me?

 10:35:27 <head_victim> ashickur-noor: yep, a brief, 1 - 2 sentence rundown of your acitivities

 10:36:32 <ashickur-noor> Currently am working as a moderator of Bengali Linux forum

 10:36:34 <ashickur-noor> and Another open Source Forum in Bangladesh

 10:37:05 <ashickur-noor> Volunteer of FOSS Bangladesh

 10:37:35 <head_victim> ashickur-noor: thanks, I notice on your wiki page you mention 2 events recently. Were they Ubuntu centric and what was your level of involvement?

 10:38:48 <ashickur-noor> I was in charge of the Linux installation booth

 10:39:01 <ashickur-noor> on SFD 2011 Bangladesh

 10:39:43 <elky> But it wasn't Ubuntu specific?

 10:39:56 <ashickur-noor> On Linux Day I was volunteer and ast. coordinator of International communications

 10:40:23 <ashickur-noor> Yes I have installed Ubuntu about 5 laptops

 10:40:37 <ashickur-noor> And give support about 15 person

 10:40:58 <ashickur-noor> Regarding Ubuntu

 10:41:14 <Destine> ashickur-noor, anything else? Like specific things in Ubuntu Bangladesh LoCo?

 10:41:52 <ashickur-noor> I was active on Ubuntu LoCo when it was lively

 10:42:06 <ashickur-noor> Our mailing list is active

 10:42:32 <ashickur-noor> And I am an active member of  this  list

 10:42:57 <ashickur-noor> I also give support in our Bengali forum regarding to Ubuntu

 10:43:48 <ashickur-noor> Currently I am working on A Ubuntu Bengali guide

 10:44:03 <head_victim> Ok, Ubuntu membership is for people providing sustained and significant contributions to the Ubuntu community.

 10:44:17 <head_victim> ashickur-noor: is that translation of the official documentation or an offshoot?

 10:44:49 <ashickur-noor> It is an offshoot

 10:45:23 <ashickur-noor> Coz I know what our fellow user want

 10:45:51 <ashickur-noor> And what trouble new user face to Use Ubuntu in First place

 10:46:00 <head_victim> Ok, does anyone else have any questions?

 10:46:33 <Destine> head_victim, nope.

 10:47:21 <elky> head_victim, nope

 10:47:55 <head_victim> freeflying?

 10:49:56 <head_victim> Well we've gone and lost quorum :/

 10:50:55 <Destine> head_victim, i am trying to reach freeflying.

 10:55:24 <elky> i will try tweeting at ejat

 10:55:49 <head_victim> Thanks, this shouldn't be this hard :/

 10:56:07 <freeflying> sorry, qwas away

 10:56:15 <elky> ah there we go

 10:56:23 <freeflying> no question for me

 10:56:41 <head_victim> Ok so I'll start the vote, please only board members vote

 10:57:07 <head_victim> #vote on to accept ashickur-noor as a Ubuntu Member , reply with +1 for yes, -1 for no and +0 for abstaining

 10:57:07 <meetingology> Please vote on: on to accept ashickur-noor as a Ubuntu Member , reply with +1 for yes, -1 for no and +0 for abstaining

 10:57:07 <meetingology> Public votes can be registered by saying +1, +0 or -1 in channel, (private votes don't work yet, but when they do it will be by messaging the channel followed by +1/-1/+0 to me)

 10:57:51 <freeflying> +0

 10:57:51 <meetingology> +0 received from freeflying

 10:57:59 <elky> +0 Not enough work in the ubuntu community. I'd love to see you get the loco going again, i'm sure you can do that

 10:57:59 <meetingology> +0 Not enough work in the ubuntu community. I'd love to see you get the loco going again, i'm sure you can do that received from elky

 10:58:13 <Destine> +0 I am not quite sure about the contributions.

 10:58:13 <meetingology> +0 I am not quite sure about the contributions. received from Destine

 10:58:19 <head_victim> +0 I would like to see more Ubuntu specific involvement and possibly some testimonials from those who have seen your work as it relates to your application documentation.

 10:58:19 <meetingology> +0 I would like to see more Ubuntu specific involvement and possibly some testimonials from those who have seen your work as it relates to your application documentation. received from head_victim

 10:58:36 <head_victim> #endvote

 10:58:36 <meetingology> Voting ended on: on to accept ashickur-noor as a Ubuntu Member , reply with +1 for yes, -1 for no and +0 for abstaining

 10:58:36 <meetingology> Votes for:0 Votes against:0 Abstentions:4

 10:58:36 <meetingology> Deadlock, casting vote may be used

 10:58:51 <elky> AlanBell, whaaaaa...

 10:59:19 <AlanBell> is that a bug?

 10:59:25 <elky> AlanBell, where's the deadlock?

 10:59:39 <elky> don't tell me we have to give negatives...

 10:59:57 <AlanBell> hmm, you have an equal number of +1 and -1 (zero of each)

 11:00:05 <head_victim> ashickur-noor: while your contributions to FOSS in your local area appear to be growing which is good, the feedback seems to be that it might need to focus more on Ubuntu (or at least have some testimonials from those who assist in organising these events with backing up detail)

 11:00:19 <elky> AlanBell, yeah, but this is still a valid vote.

 11:01:08 <AlanBell> lets discuss the voting logic after the meeting

 11:01:37 <head_victim> Does anyone have any more specific feedback for ashickur-noor about his application?

 11:02:47 <Destine> ashickur-noor, please make more contributions specificly to Ubuntu and come back to re-apply.

 11:03:07 <elky> i think he's quite capable of getting the loco doing events and things. I'd love to see him back after more work focussed there

 11:03:16 <elky> sigh.

 11:03:37 <head_victim> Ok, well I'll endmeeting if no one else has anything to say?

 11:03:40 <elky> he probably didn't even see the voting

 11:03:53 <elky> yeah endmeeting

 11:04:03 <Destine> head_victim, yup, timed out.

 11:04:06 <ashickur-noor> Sorry

 11:04:10 <Destine> ashickur-noor, oh, you are back.

 11:04:18 <head_victim> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/AlanBell/mootbot)