#title #ubuntu-meeting Meeting

Meeting started by jdstrand at 17:01:08 UTC.  The full logs are
available at
http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2011/ubuntu-meeting.2011-10-24-17.01.log.html
.



== Meeting summary ==

''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting   (jdstrand, 17:01:21)
 *Announcements

 *Weekly stand-up report

 *Highlighted packages
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/djbdns.html   (jdstrand, 17:11:14)
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/ldns.html   (jdstrand, 17:11:18)
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/smbind.html   (jdstrand, 17:11:21)
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/varnish.html   (jdstrand, 17:11:25)
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/bristol.html   (jdstrand, 17:11:28)

 *Miscellaneous and Questions



Meeting ended at 17:14:49 UTC.



== Votes ==




== Action items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * jdstrand (27)
 * mdeslaur (11)
 * sbeattie (4)
 * tyhicks (4)
 * micahg (3)
 * meetingology (3)
 * jjohansen (3)



== Full Log ==


 17:01:08 <jdstrand> #startmeeting

 17:01:08 <meetingology> Meeting started Mon Oct 24 17:01:08 2011 UTC.  The chair is jdstrand. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/AlanBell/mootbot.

 17:01:08 <meetingology> 

 17:01:08 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 17:01:09 <mdeslaur> Â±o

 17:01:11 <mdeslaur> argh

 17:01:12 <mdeslaur> \o

 17:01:15 <jdstrand> heh

 17:01:20 <jdstrand> The meeting agenda can be found at:

 17:01:20 <mdeslaur> jdstrand: no comment

 17:01:21 <jdstrand> [LINK] https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting

 17:01:32 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Announcements

 17:01:40 <jdstrand> UDS next week. In lieu of our weekly meeting, please consider participating remotely. For details, see http://summit.ubuntu.com/uds-p

 17:01:55 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Weekly stand-up report

 17:01:59 <jdstrand> I'll go first

 17:02:17 <jdstrand> so, I'm on community this week

 17:02:23 <jdstrand> I've got some pending updates

 17:02:27 <jdstrand> UDS preparation

 17:03:00 <jdstrand> and continued QRT testing as I have time. This got backburnered as a started looking at our old bugs

 17:03:06 <jdstrand> that's it from me

 17:03:10 <jdstrand> mdeslaur: you're next

 17:03:22 <mdeslaur> I'm currently testing a couple of embargoed issues

 17:03:32 <mdeslaur> and have more stuff in the PPA to test, as time permits

 17:03:36 <mdeslaur> I have some UDS stuff to do

 17:03:45 <mdeslaur> and have to prepare my UDS laptop

 17:03:50 <mdeslaur> short week, as I'm off on friday

 17:03:57 <mdeslaur> that's it from me, sbeattie you're it

 17:04:53 <sbeattie> I'm in the happy place this week

 17:05:07 <sbeattie> I've openjdk, apache, and empathy on my plate

 17:05:18 <sbeattie> I also need to do more prep for UDS

 17:05:36 <sbeattie> I think that's it for me; micahg: tag.

 17:06:30 <micahg> UDS prep, patch pilot, possible Chromium update, start preparing Mozilla updates for Nov 8, start discussion upstream about possible Webkit GTK LTS

 17:07:10 <micahg> time permitting, start Maverick migration to Firefox rapid release

 17:07:21 <micahg> that's it for me

 17:07:30 <tyhicks> I'm on triage this week

 17:08:37 <tyhicks> Outside of that roles, I'm putting the finishing touches on a few (yikes!) high priority eCryptfs bugs

 17:08:48 <tyhicks> I've got a little more UDS prep work to do, too

 17:08:55 <tyhicks> jjohansen: You're up

 17:09:01 <jjohansen> I am in the happy place (I think)

 17:09:01 <jjohansen> I need to pickup the kernel workflow from mdeslaur, fix the bug I introduced to qrt, do a little more setup and finish the repaving of systems this week.  Preparation for UDS, and hopefully finish the aa backend permission rework, oh and get the aa dbus code up

 17:09:40 <jjohansen> thats it for me

 17:10:30 <jdstrand> cool

 17:10:39 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Highlighted packages

 17:10:50 <jdstrand> The Ubuntu Security team will highlight some community-supported packages that might be good candidates for updating and or triaging. If you would like to help Ubuntu and not sure where to start, this is a great way to do so. See https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/UpdateProcedures for details and if you have any questions, feel free to ask in #ubuntu-security. To find out other ways of helping out, please see https://wiki.ubuntu.com/Securi

 17:11:14 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/djbdns.html

 17:11:18 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/ldns.html

 17:11:21 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/smbind.html

 17:11:25 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/varnish.html

 17:11:28 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/bristol.html

 17:11:37 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Miscellaneous and Questions

 17:11:43 <jdstrand> Does anyone have any other questions or items to discuss?

 17:12:36 * mdeslaur hears crickets

 17:13:29 <jdstrand> (that last url was https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/GettingInvolved

 17:14:45 <jdstrand> mdeslaur, sbeattie, micahg, tyhicks, jjohansen: thanks!

 17:14:49 <jdstrand> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/AlanBell/mootbot)