#title #ubuntu-meeting: Ubuntu Studio contributors

Meeting started by astraljava at 17:14:47 UTC.  The full logs are
available at
http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2011/ubuntu-meeting.2011-12-11-17.14.log.html
.



== Meeting summary ==

 *Old Business
  *Scott email list regarding work flows: INPROCESS  (astraljava, 17:16:45)
this is a funny one, i've emailed but not all responses are in  (scott-upstairs, 17:18:15)
i'm going to have to develop new areas to research for advice unfortunately as i don't expect answers from some quarters  (scott-upstairs, 17:18:23)
so leaving as 'inprocess' is good  (scott-upstairs, 17:18:29)
  *Jon email list for separate meeting for work flows discussion: INPROCESS  (astraljava, 17:18:50)
jon is busy with schoolwork  (scott-upstairs, 17:19:28)
but there will be some further cleanup required in the wiki once more information has come in  (scott-upstairs, 17:19:43)
  *stochastic to email list about how much social interaction on new website: TODO  (astraljava, 17:19:55)
this should be marked as 'DONE' as he did email the list  (scott-upstairs, 17:20:10)
his final direction is to suggest that we include closed source/proprietary social media to reach a broader audience  (scott-upstairs, 17:20:35)
i second his suggestion  (scott-upstairs, 17:20:44)
''ACTION:'' astraljava to mark 'stochastic to email list about how much social interaction on new website' as DONE.  (astraljava, 17:20:45)
  *Decide alternating meeting times on channel/mailing list later: TODO  (astraljava, 17:21:12)
''ACTION:'' astraljava to mark 'Decide alternating meeting times on channel/mailing list later' as DONE  (astraljava, 17:21:46)

 *Blueprints situation
''ACTION:'' scott-upstairs to talk with shnatsel about config files in /home  (astraljava, 17:35:43)

 *Bugs
https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntustudio/+bug/840144  (astraljava, 17:46:41)
''ACTION:'' scottl to link bug#840144 to livedvd blueprint  (scott-upstairs, 17:48:15)
https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntustudio/+bug/815101  (astraljava, 17:48:34)
''ACTION:'' astraljava to update bug #815101 status  (astraljava, 17:49:32)
https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntustudio/+bug/695892  (astraljava, 17:49:54)

 *Any Other Business

 *Next Meeting Time/Location
''ACTION:'' Move next formal meeting up two weeks due to Holidays.  (astraljava, 17:54:49)
Next informal meeting on #ubuntustudio-devel on 18th of Dec. at 1700 UTC.  (astraljava, 17:55:47)

 *Next Meeting Chair
''ACTION:'' scott-upstairs to chair next meeting  (astraljava, 17:57:41)



Meeting ended at 17:57:59 UTC.



== Votes ==




== Action items ==

 * astraljava to mark 'stochastic to email list about how much social interaction on new website' as DONE.
 * astraljava to mark 'Decide alternating meeting times on channel/mailing list later' as DONE
 * scott-upstairs to talk with shnatsel about config files in /home
 * scottl to link bug#840144 to livedvd blueprint
 * astraljava to update bug #815101 status
 * Move next formal meeting up two weeks due to Holidays.
 * scott-upstairs to chair next meeting



== Action items, by person ==

 * astraljava
 ** astraljava to mark 'stochastic to email list about how much social interaction on new website' as DONE.
 ** astraljava to mark 'Decide alternating meeting times on channel/mailing list later' as DONE
 ** astraljava to update bug #815101 status
 * scott-upstairs
 ** scott-upstairs to talk with shnatsel about config files in /home
 ** scott-upstairs to chair next meeting
 * shnatsel
 ** scott-upstairs to talk with shnatsel about config files in /home
* **UNASSIGNED**
 ** scottl to link bug#840144 to livedvd blueprint
 ** Move next formal meeting up two weeks due to Holidays.



== People present (lines said) ==

 * scott-upstairs (126)
 * astraljava (83)
 * shnatsel (20)
 * meetingology (10)
 * ubottu (4)



== Full Log ==


 17:14:47 <astraljava> #startmeeting Ubuntu Studio contributors

 17:14:47 <meetingology> Meeting started Sun Dec 11 17:14:47 2011 UTC.  The chair is astraljava. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/AlanBell/mootbot.

 17:14:47 <meetingology> 

 17:14:47 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 17:14:55 <astraljava> Hi all.

 17:15:09 <astraljava> Agenda for today can be found @ https://wiki.ubuntu.com/UbuntuStudio/Meetings/2011December11

 17:15:28 <astraljava> Let's get right down to it.

 17:15:36 <astraljava> #topic Old Business

 17:16:00 <astraljava> I'm going through the subtopics, being the previous action items.

 17:16:37 <astraljava> Oh, and please when you give your status, add #info in front of it.

 17:16:45 <astraljava> #subtopic Scott email list regarding work flows: INPROCESS

 17:16:59 <scott-upstairs> this is a funny one, i've emailed but not all responses are in

 17:17:20 <scott-upstairs> i'm going to have to develop new areas to research for advice unfortunately as i don't expect answers from some quarters

 17:17:28 <scott-upstairs> so leaving as 'inprocess' is good

 17:17:29 <scott-upstairs> ..

 17:17:39 <scott-upstairs> dman, forgot the #info

 17:17:56 <astraljava> Just hit up arrow and home, then #info.

 17:18:15 <scott-upstairs> #INFO this is a funny one, i've emailed but not all responses are in

 17:18:23 <scott-upstairs> #INFO i'm going to have to develop new areas to research for advice unfortunately as i don't expect answers from some quarters

 17:18:29 <scott-upstairs> #INFO so leaving as 'inprocess' is good

 17:18:31 <scott-upstairs> ..

 17:18:34 <shnatsel> hmm, never got that message I think... or missed it :(

 17:18:50 <astraljava> #subtopic Jon email list for separate meeting for work flows discussion: INPROCESS

 17:18:55 <astraljava> Jon isn't here, is he?

 17:19:07 <astraljava> Anyone know of the status of this?

 17:19:13 <scott-upstairs> jon emailed me direfctly to say he is busy with final in school

 17:19:17 <scott-upstairs> argh

 17:19:25 <astraljava> Ok, that's good enough.

 17:19:28 <scott-upstairs> #info jon is busy with schoolwork

 17:19:43 <scott-upstairs> #info but there will be some further cleanup required in the wiki once more information has come in

 17:19:45 <scott-upstairs> ..

 17:19:55 <astraljava> #subtopic stochastic to email list about how much social interaction on new website: TODO

 17:20:10 <scott-upstairs> #info this should be marked as 'DONE' as he did email the list

 17:20:35 <scott-upstairs> #info his final direction is to suggest that we include closed source/proprietary social media to reach a broader audience

 17:20:44 <scott-upstairs> #info i second his suggestion

 17:20:45 <astraljava> #action astraljava to mark 'stochastic to email list about how much social interaction on new website' as DONE.

 17:20:45 * meetingology astraljava to mark 'stochastic to email list about how much social interaction on new website' as DONE.

 17:20:45 <scott-upstairs> ..

 17:20:54 <astraljava> Thanks, Scott.

 17:20:59 <scott-upstairs> aye ;)

 17:21:12 <astraljava> #subtopic Decide alternating meeting times on channel/mailing list later: TODO

 17:21:20 <astraljava> This should be marked as done, right?

 17:21:38 <scott-upstairs> i think so, but we haven't really lived up to it, have we?

 17:21:46 <astraljava> #action astraljava to mark 'Decide alternating meeting times on channel/mailing list later' as DONE

 17:21:46 * meetingology astraljava to mark 'Decide alternating meeting times on channel/mailing list later' as DONE

 17:21:54 <astraljava> No, we missed a few here in between.

 17:21:59 * scott-upstairs purposefully didn't put #.info in there

 17:22:02 <astraljava> But we did have that one informal there.

 17:22:24 <astraljava> Let's try to get back on track, though I acknowledge the holidays are looming.

 17:22:27 <scott-upstairs> astraljava, is this one 'formal' or 'informal', i don't remember the order at the moment?

 17:22:40 <astraljava> This one is formal, as we're on this channel.

 17:22:46 <astraljava> We're having the informals on our own.

 17:22:48 <scott-upstairs> oh, yeah :P

 17:22:59 <astraljava> Okay, any other Old Business?

 17:23:10 <scott-upstairs> "holidays are looming", yes, even the -release team has canceled the two upcoming meetings as well

 17:23:22 <scott-upstairs> astraljava, just a minute, let me think

 17:23:41 <scott-upstairs> no, not that i can think of that isn't going to be in the blueprint discussion

 17:23:45 <scott-upstairs> ..

 17:23:57 <astraljava> #topic Blueprints situation

 17:24:22 <astraljava> As in agenda, the master blueprint can be found @ https://blueprints.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+spec/topic-precise-flavor-ubuntu-studio

 17:24:34 <astraljava> scott-upstairs: You wanna lead this one?

 17:24:39 <scott-upstairs> absolutely

 17:24:59 <scott-upstairs> #topic new doc blueprint: https://blueprints.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+spec/other-p-ubuntustudio-doc-improvements

 17:25:06 <scott-upstairs> we have completed this one as it stands

 17:25:25 <scott-upstairs> there will be further documentation done this cycle and certainly more later (especially the help.ubuntu.com pages)

 17:25:41 <scott-upstairs> #topic lowlatency blueprint: https://blueprints.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+spec/other-p-lowlatency

 17:25:45 <scott-upstairs> this one is a little more interesting

 17:26:06 <scott-upstairs> we have been working with steve (from the kernel team) on some preliminary testing for the lowlatency kernel vs generic

 17:26:30 <scott-upstairs> objectively the results seem to support that the lowlatency kernel should perform perhaps an order of magnitude better than generic

 17:26:38 <scott-upstairs> but this hasn't been quantified at this point

 17:26:55 <scott-upstairs> i contacted steve about progressing getting the lowlatency kernel into the repos

 17:27:24 <scott-upstairs> he responded that we didn't need to wait on him, he will continue to test however, but we can package and push to REVU

 17:27:36 <scott-upstairs> after i get through the latest seeds updateing for theming i will work on this

 17:27:37 <scott-upstairs> ..

 17:28:04 <shnatsel> scott-upstairs: btw were my seed docs of any use?

 17:28:15 <shnatsel> any help on seeds needed?

 17:28:27 <shnatsel> oh, sorry to interrupt...

 17:28:36 <scott-upstairs> shnatsel, i need to reread your doc again and i might need some help later

 17:28:41 <scott-upstairs> and no problem :)

 17:28:49 <scott-upstairs> #topic misc updates : https://blueprints.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+spec/other-p-ubuntustudio-misc-improvements

 17:29:32 <scott-upstairs> we will be completing the multi-head testing and documentation (really it is basically done, just need some review in the wiki)

 17:29:47 <scott-upstairs> we will be completing the xfce applications review as well when the seeds are updated

 17:29:56 <scott-upstairs> but this will leave the default jack settings todo

 17:30:20 <scott-upstairs> unfortunately i don't know the "proper" way to handle this since this will be putting things into the users /home directory

 17:30:36 <astraljava> o/

 17:30:37 <scott-upstairs> but i will have time to work through this after some other things are completed

 17:30:42 <scott-upstairs> astraljava, ?

 17:30:55 <astraljava> Maybe some postinst rules would help in that?

 17:31:11 <astraljava> In any way, people over at -motu should be able to guide as there.

 17:31:13 <astraljava> ..

 17:31:14 <scott-upstairs> astraljava, i thought i have been told that it was bad form to touch the user's directory

 17:31:28 <scott-upstairs> i agree some help from -motu might be helpful

 17:31:49 <scott-upstairs> #topic update website:  https://blueprints.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+spec/other-p-ubuntustudio-update-website

 17:31:57 <scott-upstairs> this is ongoing

 17:32:11 <scott-upstairs> i've spent a fair amount of time getting content in there and trying to adjust the formatting to look nice

 17:32:26 <scott-upstairs> although i haven't done anything this week, but plan to get back on it tonight

 17:32:43 <scott-upstairs> i really hope that within one to two weeks i can put this behind me and we can make adjustments later

 17:33:16 <scott-upstairs> one last outstanding issue is the social media inclusion, which i noted that stochastic made suggestions to include facebook, twitter, etc type social media

 17:33:26 <scott-upstairs> i will confer with knome to see what is available

 17:34:06 <scott-upstairs> we are still waiting for the RT ticket to pick up the website and put it into a staging site

 17:34:06 <shnatsel> "unfortunately i don't know the "proper" way to handle this since this will be putting things into the users /home directory"

 17:34:09 <shnatsel> I know

 17:34:12 <shnatsel> I know the way

 17:34:13 <scott-upstairs> oh yes?

 17:34:21 <shnatsel> isn't it /etc/skel ?

 17:34:33 <astraljava> Yes, but for existing users?

 17:34:39 <shnatsel> I did that too

 17:34:43 <shnatsel> if you need that

 17:34:48 <shnatsel> and even debugged that

 17:35:01 <shnatsel> and tested in a huge number of cases

 17:35:12 <shnatsel> including no users (cd remaster), etc

 17:35:19 <scott-upstairs> we can follow up with you, shnatsel, then for some advice later on

 17:35:43 <astraljava> #action scott-upstairs to talk with shnatsel about config files in /home

 17:35:43 * meetingology scott-upstairs to talk with shnatsel about config files in /home

 17:35:52 <scott-upstairs> although we will need to figure out which package this will need to go into at some point

 17:36:18 <scott-upstairs> can i move on to the next topic?

 17:36:32 <astraljava> You can, or I can. Either way.

 17:36:39 <scott-upstairs> #topic new theme/ui/etc blueprint: https://blueprints.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+spec/other-p-ubuntustudio-update-theme-ui

 17:36:39 <astraljava> Are you done with the blueprints?

 17:36:46 <astraljava> Ahh... sorry.

 17:36:50 <scott-upstairs> this is what i'm currently working on today

 17:37:06 <scott-upstairs> basically i will be moving to xubuntu's structure for -default-settings and -artwork

 17:37:35 <scott-upstairs> this means we will remove some packages from the seeds (e.g. ubuntustudio-icon-theme and ubuntustudio-look) as these will be rolled into the -default-settings package

 17:37:53 <scott-upstairs> i had considered parsing the xubuntu settings out into our current packages but decided against it

 17:38:17 <scott-upstairs> aligning wiht the xubuntu structure will allow a smaller delta and hopefully keep maintenance and updating easier

 17:38:35 <scott-upstairs> i've also email a few lists and individuals about new artwork per shnatsel's suggestion

 17:38:50 <scott-upstairs> this would include new images for plymouth, lightdm, and wallpaper

 17:39:07 <scott-upstairs> hopefully with a more unified and consistent "theme"

 17:39:24 <scott-upstairs> i intend to push changes tonight and then ask for support to push to the repos

 17:39:42 <scott-upstairs> but i do fully expect numerous updates to tweak things during the next weeks or months

 17:40:04 <scott-upstairs> my goal is to have this done and resolved before alpha2

 17:40:14 <scott-upstairs> #topic  live dvd blueprint:  https://blueprints.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+spec/other-p-ubuntustudio-livedvd

 17:40:23 <scott-upstairs> no movement really on this at this point

 17:40:36 <scott-upstairs> part of this is really waiting for input from others on work flows

 17:41:15 <scott-upstairs> although we may make some decision about general blocking of work flows

 17:41:28 <scott-upstairs> for example, a video-home and video-pro work flow

 17:41:48 <scott-upstairs> this would allow us to complete the metas for testing but not have the final packages in the meta

 17:42:14 <scott-upstairs> i would like to target this after the theme/ui and website stuff is done and in time for alpha3

 17:42:18 <scott-upstairs> ..

 17:42:21 <scott-upstairs> astraljava, i'm done

 17:42:26 <astraljava> Okay, thanks.

 17:42:35 <astraljava> #topic Bugs

 17:42:37 <scott-upstairs> i should point out something

 17:42:44 <scott-upstairs> sorry to interrupt after i said i was done

 17:42:49 <astraljava> No worries.

 17:43:13 <scott-upstairs> i'm carrying a lot of stuff right now and i worry that if i get busy with work again or family that this will greatly retard my schedule

 17:43:35 <scott-upstairs> if anyone wants to pick up a specific topic and help that would awesomely and other superlatives great

 17:43:38 <scott-upstairs> ..

 17:44:05 <astraljava> I am willing to work on the docs, but have a little bit of trouble committing to any particular task at the moment due to personal issues.

 17:44:10 <astraljava> But, such is life.

 17:44:10 <shnatsel> I might take up something, but I'll be busy during the coming month for sure

 17:44:10 <astraljava> ..

 17:44:25 <shnatsel> university exams

 17:44:32 <shnatsel> I just can't fail them

 17:44:40 <astraljava> Okay, bugs. I went through an awful lot of them. There's a list of them on the agenda.

 17:44:49 <astraljava> I'm not going to list them here.

 17:44:59 <astraljava> Maybe only the ones regarding Precise?

 17:45:37 <astraljava> Otherwise, I'd suggest everyone to go through them periodically, to shorten the list, and to gain some new respect for the project.

 17:45:41 <scott-upstairs> astraljava, great job on cleaning up the bugs btw

 17:45:46 <astraljava> We've not been doing so great on them lately.

 17:46:08 <astraljava> scott-upstairs: What do you say, Precise bugs? Should we go through them now?

 17:46:13 <scott-upstairs> some i think will be "fixed" by some updates in the menu that have already happened and by some things that will still happen after the theme/ui update

 17:46:22 <scott-upstairs> astraljava, sure, there isn't many are there?

 17:46:28 <astraljava> No, there are not many.

 17:46:38 <scott-upstairs> let's do it just to keep it in peoples minds

 17:46:41 <astraljava> #info https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntustudio/+bug/840144

 17:46:43 <ubottu> Ubuntu bug 840144 in Ubuntu Studio "Use recommends instead of depends in seeds" [Medium,Confirmed]

 17:46:54 <scott-upstairs> that will be fixed during the livedvd blueprint

 17:47:16 <scott-upstairs> we will need to do this for the live dvd and was added by shnatsel just for this

 17:47:17 <scott-upstairs> ..

 17:47:30 <astraljava> Good. Is it linked in the blueprint? Blueprint seems to be in the bug.

 17:47:33 <astraljava> ..

 17:47:45 <scott-upstairs> how do you do the task?

 17:47:55 <astraljava> I dunno. Want me to look into it?

 17:48:03 <scott-upstairs> #task scottl to link bug#840144 to livedvd blueprint

 17:48:15 <astraljava> I think you need #action for that.

 17:48:15 <scott-upstairs> #action scottl to link bug#840144 to livedvd blueprint

 17:48:15 * meetingology scottl to link bug#840144 to livedvd blueprint

 17:48:20 <astraljava> There you go.

 17:48:20 <scott-upstairs> hehe

 17:48:34 <astraljava> #info https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntustudio/+bug/815101

 17:48:35 <ubottu> Ubuntu bug 815101 in Ubuntu "[needs-packaging] slowmovideo" [Wishlist,Confirmed]

 17:48:50 <shnatsel> they're linked

 17:49:05 <scott-upstairs> i think this may be on a list that i speak with quadrispro and the debian multimedia team about packaging to get into ubuntu

 17:49:06 <shnatsel> oh yeah, slowmovideo is great

 17:49:19 <astraljava> Ok, so in progress then.

 17:49:32 <astraljava> #action astraljava to update bug #815101 status

 17:49:32 * meetingology astraljava to update bug #815101 status

 17:49:35 <scott-upstairs> if it wasn't in shnatel's list, it is now (as i've written it down on my pad of paper)

 17:49:54 <astraljava> #info https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntustudio/+bug/695892

 17:49:55 <ubottu> Ubuntu bug 695892 in Ubuntu Studio "no live CD for ubuntustudio" [Wishlist,New]

 17:50:14 <astraljava> Well, this one is a no-brainer.

 17:50:17 <scott-upstairs> hehe, i should add that one as well to the live dvd blueprint

 17:50:29 * scott-upstairs is doing it now and notes that bug #840144 is now attached as well

 17:50:30 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 840144 in Ubuntu Studio "Use recommends instead of depends in seeds" [Medium,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/840144

 17:50:47 <astraljava> Need an action for that?

 17:51:05 <scott-upstairs> astraljava, it's done now

 17:51:11 <astraljava> No need, then.

 17:51:19 <astraljava> Any other discussion relating bugs?

 17:51:21 <scott-upstairs> :)

 17:51:25 <scott-upstairs> none from me

 17:51:26 <scott-upstairs> ..

 17:51:31 <astraljava> ..

 17:51:55 <astraljava> #topic Any Other Business

 17:52:00 <astraljava> None from me.

 17:52:12 <scott-upstairs> i have something i'll mention

 17:52:18 <scott-upstairs> i'm working on a long term plan for ubuntu studio

 17:52:32 <scott-upstairs> i should be publishing something to the -devel mailing list within a month for review and comments

 17:52:52 <scott-upstairs> i would GREATLY appreciate comments, even detractions and criticisms as well

 17:53:04 <astraljava> Anything worth #info-ing now?

 17:53:11 <scott-upstairs> not yet

 17:53:16 <astraljava> ..

 17:53:25 <scott-upstairs> but the main thrust is that the long plan is to make ubuntu studio really prevalent and not just with linux audio geeks ;)

 17:53:32 <scott-upstairs> ..

 17:53:36 <scott-upstairs> oh

 17:53:44 <scott-upstairs> ah, nevermind

 17:54:10 <astraljava> #topic Next Meeting Time/Location

 17:54:21 <astraljava> Next formal meeting, I doubt it.

 17:54:27 <astraljava> That's Xmas Day. :)

 17:54:34 <scott-upstairs> yeah, that's bad

 17:54:49 <astraljava> #action Move next formal meeting up two weeks due to Holidays.

 17:54:49 * meetingology Move next formal meeting up two weeks due to Holidays.

 17:54:56 <astraljava> What about informal?

 17:55:11 <scott-upstairs> i'll probably be around for a limited time for the informal one

 17:55:16 <scott-upstairs> "probably"

 17:55:23 <astraljava> Okay. We'll see how it goes.

 17:55:33 <scott-upstairs> what about alternating times?

 17:55:37 <scott-upstairs> did we every clear that up

 17:55:47 <astraljava> #info Next informal meeting on #ubuntustudio-devel on 18th of Dec. at 1700 UTC.

 17:55:59 <scott-upstairs> i'm not euro time zone so i don't know what other's needs are

 17:56:12 <astraljava> Oh, I never got any feedback to my email on that.

 17:56:28 <scott-upstairs> my feeling is that unless anyone suggests something then we keep proceeding as we have been

 17:56:33 <astraljava> So we're sticking to what we have now, or decide later if need be.

 17:56:35 <shnatsel> I'm fine with 17:00 UTC in my UTC+4, but who cares?

 17:56:43 <scott-upstairs> but we can keep asking people about it though

 17:56:49 <astraljava> Absolutely.

 17:57:03 <astraljava> #topic Next Meeting Chair

 17:57:08 <astraljava> Volunteers?

 17:57:10 <shnatsel> we hold the meetings in elementary on saturdays 18:00 UTC ,seems to be fine

 17:57:29 <scott-upstairs> astraljava, i'd be happy to chair next meeting

 17:57:41 <astraljava> #action scott-upstairs to chair next meeting

 17:57:41 * meetingology scott-upstairs to chair next meeting

 17:57:59 <astraljava> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/AlanBell/mootbot)