#title #ubuntu-meeting Meeting

Meeting started by ara at 15:02:43 UTC.  The full logs are available at
http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2011/ubuntu-meeting.2011-08-29-15.02.log.html
.



== Meeting summary ==

 *Mockups!
''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/UbuntuFriendly/MockUps   (ara, 15:04:18)
''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/UbuntuFriendly/MockUps   (ara, 15:04:22)

 *- Any Other Business?



Meeting ended at 15:23:56 UTC.



== Votes ==




== Action items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * ara (51)
 * akgraner (23)
 * roadmr (15)
 * meetingology (4)



== Full Log ==


 15:02:43 <ara> #startmeeting

 15:02:43 <meetingology> Meeting started Mon Aug 29 15:02:43 2011 UTC.  The chair is ara. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/AlanBell/mootbot.

 15:02:43 <meetingology> Useful Commands: #topic #action #link #idea #voters #vote #chair #action #agreed #help #info #endmeeting.

 15:02:57 <ara> agenda:

 15:03:00 <ara> * Mockups!

 15:03:11 <ara> Today we have a very small agenda

 15:03:16 <ara> #topic Mockups!

 15:03:16 <meetingology> TOPIC: Mockups!

 15:03:38 <ara> This week we are working in getting the basics of the UF programme ready to be used

 15:03:59 <ara> One of the things that we are doing is to try to understand how the UF should look like

 15:04:11 <ara> We came up with this mock up:

 15:04:18 <ara> https://wiki.ubuntu.com/UbuntuFriendly/MockUps

 15:04:22 <ara> #link https://wiki.ubuntu.com/UbuntuFriendly/MockUps

 15:04:42 <ara> The home page shows the different configurations and their rating

 15:05:08 <ara> and some filters to find the information you need to find

 15:05:35 <ara> We are trying to solve the problem of the different configurations, while having a simple UI

 15:06:06 <ara> Once anyone clicks on one of this configurations, the config page

 15:06:13 <ara> shows

 15:06:26 <ara> where you can see the different results for that configuration

 15:07:08 <ara> with the complete list of components

 15:07:17 <ara> and similar models based on the model name

 15:07:19 <ara> ..

 15:07:32 <ara> Anybody have any comments / suggestions?

 15:07:34 <roadmr> o/

 15:07:46 <ara> roadmr, go ahead :D

 15:08:19 <roadmr> we talked about a link to a comments page, to be hosted in launchpad answers, just to make sure that doesn't get forgotten :)

 15:08:22 <roadmr> ..

 15:08:55 <ara> roadmr, I remember something like that from the last meeting

 15:09:06 <ara> what kind of information we should put on lp answers?

 15:09:11 <ara> ..

 15:09:25 <roadmr> like if any user has a comment on the system

 15:09:39 <roadmr> "the default drivers don't work, use the broadcom proprietary ones"

 15:09:53 <roadmr> "update to bios version x.xx and then everything works well"

 15:10:10 <roadmr> "you need a dkms package to enable full touchpad functionality, get it here http:/xxxxxx"

 15:10:25 <roadmr> stuff like that - a comment like that would be useful for the model of laptop I have, for instance

 15:10:35 <roadmr> everything works well save for the trackpad, but a simple dkms module enables it

 15:10:38 <roadmr> ..

 15:10:40 <akgraner> o/

 15:10:46 <ara> akgraner, you go

 15:11:32 <akgraner> while all those comments would be great that roadmr mentioned - none of the "regular ole end users" would even know how to do those things

 15:11:46 <roadmr> o/

 15:11:58 <akgraner> or even comment on them so keeping the technical stuff answers on LP answers would be good

 15:12:14 <akgraner> could we also use Ask Ubuntu as another resource?...

 15:13:01 * ara waits a bit to see if akgraner has finished

 15:13:17 <akgraner> ... (yep) sorry

 15:13:24 <ara> roadmr, you go

 15:13:52 <roadmr> heh .. so I see akgraner's point, but having a way to either ask or see comments about a system is important

 15:14:05 <roadmr> otherwise people won't know where to go for that kind of stuff (and it *will* come up)

 15:14:23 <roadmr> and when they get mad about their devices not working even though the system had 4 stars, they'll complain anywhere they can heh

 15:14:29 <roadmr> ..

 15:15:01 <ara> I like it, maybe we can use one "question" per system for the comments

 15:15:15 <ara> but yes, something that we need to study how to get it right

 15:15:16 <ara> ..

 15:15:57 <ara> Any other comments on the mockups?

 15:16:04 <ara> akgraner, how do you like them?

 15:16:18 <akgraner> I like them and I like the search option

 15:16:27 <akgraner> they seem easy to point people too

 15:16:28 <akgraner> ..

 15:17:07 <ara> good :)

 15:17:20 <ara> anything else? or shall we move on?

 15:17:33 <ara> OK, moving on then

 15:17:47 <ara> #topic - Any Other Business?

 15:17:47 <meetingology> TOPIC: - Any Other Business?

 15:17:58 <ara> (this meeting is going to be fast)

 15:18:02 <akgraner> o/

 15:18:13 <ara> akgraner, go ahead

 15:18:16 <akgraner> Global Jam

 15:18:33 <akgraner> I volunteered my LUG and LoCo team to go through system testing

 15:18:43 <ara> perfect!

 15:18:47 <akgraner> and I'll have the slides ready for your review sometime today

 15:19:00 <akgraner> that way I can point out pain points or questions

 15:19:22 <akgraner> I've also had other LoCo teams standing by for testing for release party time

 15:19:24 <akgraner> ..

 15:19:37 <ara> akgraner, awesome, send them in, and I will review them

 15:19:48 <akgraner> will do thanks

 15:19:49 <ara> when is global jam?

 15:19:49 <akgraner> ..

 15:19:54 <ara> (exactly)

 15:20:07 <ara> Ok, this weekend

 15:20:17 <akgraner> Sept 2-4

 15:20:33 <ara> perfect, we want to have a new Checkbox version ready in Oneiric with the UF tests ready

 15:20:43 <ara> for this weekend

 15:21:09 <akgraner> great!  Let me know when they are in place and I'll replace the screenshots I have

 15:21:10 <ara> ..

 15:21:26 <akgraner> ..

 15:21:38 <ara> akgraner, it shouldn't affect your screenshots, it will look the same, but with more tests

 15:21:47 <akgraner> nods

 15:22:29 <ara> OK, any other stuff?

 15:22:30 <akgraner> that's all I got

 15:22:33 <akgraner> ..

 15:23:21 <ara> going once

 15:23:38 <ara> going twice

 15:23:56 <ara> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.4 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/AlanBell/mootbot)