#title #ubuntu-meeting: Ubuntu Technical Board meeting

Meeting started by stgraber at 18:00:26 UTC.  The full logs are
available at
http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2011/ubuntu-meeting.2011-10-20-18.00.log.html
.



== Meeting summary ==

 *Action review
''ACTION:'' cjwatson to setup a survey for a new Technical Board meeting time  (stgraber, 18:09:06)

 *MESA patent enquiry

 *Authorise temporary substitute for Emmet Hikory on DMB
''ACTION:'' stgraber to contact tumbleweed and if he agrees to be on the DMB, add him to the LP team and mailing list  (stgraber, 18:28:04)

 *DMB term length
''LINK:'' https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/technical-board/2011-October/001105.html   (stgraber, 18:32:14)
''ACTION:'' stgraber to update the term of the DMB members to 2 years  (stgraber, 18:44:03)
''LINK:'' https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/technical-board/2011-October/001114.html   (stgraber, 18:45:52)

 *AOB

 *selection of new ARB members
''ACTION:'' stgraber to add the new members to the ARB  (stgraber, 19:05:49)

 *Chair



Meeting ended at 19:09:35 UTC.



== Votes ==


 * Approve the 3 additional members for the ARB (https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/technical-board/2011-October/001110.html)
   For: 4 Against: 0 Abstained: 0

 * Set DMB term to 2 years except for geser and Laney who asked for theirs to expire in February 2012
   For: 4 Against: 0 Abstained: 0



== Action items ==

 * cjwatson to setup a survey for a new Technical Board meeting time
 * stgraber to contact tumbleweed and if he agrees to be on the DMB, add him to the LP team and mailing list
 * stgraber to update the term of the DMB members to 2 years
 * stgraber to add the new members to the ARB



== Action items, by person ==

 * cjwatson
 ** cjwatson to setup a survey for a new Technical Board meeting time
 * stgraber
 ** stgraber to contact tumbleweed and if he agrees to be on the DMB, add him to the LP team and mailing list
 ** stgraber to update the term of the DMB members to 2 years
 ** stgraber to add the new members to the ARB



== People present (lines said) ==

 * stgraber (66)
 * soren (56)
 * cjwatson (33)
 * meetingology (25)
 * mdz (15)
 * wendar (12)
 * kees (8)



== Full Log ==


 18:00:26 <stgraber> #startmeeting Ubuntu Technical Board meeting

 18:00:26 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Oct 20 18:00:26 2011 UTC.  The chair is stgraber. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/AlanBell/mootbot.

 18:00:26 <meetingology> 

 18:00:26 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 18:00:38 <mdz> o/

 18:00:58 <stgraber> cjwatson, kees: ping

 18:01:59 <cjwatson> here

 18:03:30 <stgraber> #topic Action review

 18:03:45 <stgraber> the wiki doesn't list anything, is there something that's not on the wiki?

 18:04:25 <soren> Well, kind of.

 18:04:48 <soren> On www.ubuntu.com, it says that these meetings are on Tuesdays which I why I missed the last one :(

 18:04:57 <cjwatson> wow, that's outdated

 18:05:01 <soren> I took an action item to file a bug about that. I did.

 18:05:06 <cjwatson> however, I would like to revisit the meeting time anyway given the new board

 18:05:15 <soren> Naturally, I didn't do that at the meeting, but it's sort of relevant. :)

 18:05:20 <soren> cjwatson: Yes!

 18:05:22 <soren> Me too.

 18:05:26 <cjwatson> this time is pretty inconvenient for me and I wonder if we could do better for others

 18:05:35 <cjwatson> I can take an action to organise one of those whatever the website is called things

 18:05:45 <soren> It's very inconvenient for me as well. It'll be even worse once DST goes away.

 18:05:46 <cjwatson> the one that lets everyone specify their preferred times

 18:06:00 <stgraber> doodle?

 18:06:03 <soren> WEll..

 18:06:22 <soren> The problem is that we're spread pretty far.

 18:06:26 <soren> ACcross many timezones.

 18:06:27 <cjwatson> stgraber: sounds familiar

 18:06:34 <cjwatson> soren: yeah, but this way we'd at least have data

 18:06:38 <cjwatson> worst case we could rotate

 18:06:39 <soren> So any time we find is likely to be a bit of stretch for someone.

 18:07:12 <soren> ..so when DST changes, it might just move into someone's unacceptable time.

 18:07:13 <mdz> stgraber, the wiki has two agenda items

 18:07:15 <soren> If that makes sense.

 18:07:19 <stgraber> this meeting time is actually pretty good for me (early afternoon), but I'm still fine with it being moved a bit

 18:07:26 <mdz> oh, you meant actions

 18:07:34 <cjwatson> soren: let's see what we get from a doodle survey

 18:07:39 <soren> And DST changes at different times in different parts of the world.

 18:07:59 <soren> cjwatson: Right. Set the data there to sometime in the middle of november. Then the data will be good at least until March.

 18:08:06 <soren> Er...

 18:08:06 <cjwatson> ok

 18:08:11 <soren> Set the *date*.

 18:08:39 <stgraber> cjwatson: ok, can I give you an action to setup the doodle/whatever survey for the meeting time?

 18:08:52 <cjwatson> yes

 18:09:06 <stgraber> #action cjwatson to setup a survey for a new Technical Board meeting time

 18:09:06 * meetingology cjwatson to setup a survey for a new Technical Board meeting time

 18:09:16 <stgraber> #topic MESA patent enquiry

 18:09:46 <cjwatson> I followed up to the list about that today

 18:10:24 <stgraber> so are we just waiting for some more information from RAOF?

 18:11:09 <cjwatson> it would be useful to know if anyone else on the TB (dis)agrees with my assessment, as it looks delicate

 18:11:40 <soren> cjwatson: Your conclusion was that we'd better steer clear, right?

 18:12:21 <cjwatson> it looks less safe to me than I would like, let's put it that way

 18:12:41 <cjwatson> I don't know if I would feel differently if we hadn't been explicitly asked

 18:12:56 <mdz> I haven't read the list recently

 18:14:06 <stgraber> mdz: in case you didn't find it already: https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/technical-board/2011-October/001113.html

 18:14:54 <soren> cjwatson: I agree. They're not saying they'll enforce it, but they're saying open source implementations certainly aren't exempt. That makes me uncomfortable.

 18:14:55 <kees> (erk, sorry I'm late. here now)

 18:18:19 <kees> has there been any off-list discussion of what features are missing if it stays disabled? that questions went unanswered on the list

 18:19:16 <stgraber> I doubt RAOF actually read cjwatson's e-mail yet, he probably will in a few hours though

 18:20:06 <cjwatson> yeah, sorry, I was prompted into replying by checking the agenda

 18:20:18 <stgraber> so I guess we can keep that item on the agenda and re-discuss at the next meeting when we have some more information from RAOF

 18:21:10 <stgraber> #topic Authorise temporary substitute for Emmet Hikory on DMB

 18:21:48 <cjwatson> various people have been trying to get in touch with Emmet, and have so far failed

 18:23:25 <cjwatson> in the meantime, I think it might be appropriate for us to authorise a stand-in so that the DMB can carry on doing business more effectively

 18:23:36 <stgraber> the suggested solution to that problem for the DMB would be to temporarily get the second candidate of the last election, Stefano Rivera to take Emmet's seat until we hear back from him

 18:23:42 <soren> I have no problem with that.

 18:24:03 <mdz> sounds reasonable enough

 18:24:14 <stgraber> I'm fine with that too. Only thing I was wondering is if tumbleweed was contacted about it?

 18:25:08 <cjwatson> I don't think so as yet, obviously he'd need to consent :)

 18:25:27 <cjwatson> tumbleweed: (don't suppose you're reading?)

 18:25:46 <kees> if he's willing, I think that's fine too.

 18:26:33 <cjwatson> that sounds like approval by acclamation to me

 18:26:36 <stgraber> ok, I'll take the action of contacting tumbleweed and if he's willing, add him to both the LP team and mailing list

 18:27:20 <mdz> thanks

 18:27:42 <stgraber> #agreed Authorise Stefano Rivera as temporary substitute for Emmet Hikory on DMB

 18:28:04 <stgraber> #action stgraber to contact tumbleweed and if he agrees to be on the DMB, add him to the LP team and mailing list

 18:28:04 * meetingology stgraber to contact tumbleweed and if he agrees to be on the DMB, add him to the LP team and mailing list

 18:28:54 <stgraber> ok, so the meeting time agenda item was already discussed earlier

 18:29:28 <stgraber> not quite sure what to do about the brainstorm review item, do we just skip it until December 2011?

 18:30:01 <stgraber> (sorry, was supposed to find some time with pitti to discuss pre/post TB meeting actions, but that didn't quite happen...)

 18:31:21 <cjwatson> it's just there as a reminder

 18:31:23 <mdz> stgraber, the idea was that it would remind us

 18:32:08 <stgraber> #topic DMB term length

 18:32:14 <stgraber> https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/technical-board/2011-October/001105.html

 18:33:57 <cjwatson> I don't remember any explicit decision on that, and can't check back right now

 18:34:45 <cjwatson> though I can perhaps check my archives tomorrow

 18:35:14 <soren> In case no decision has been made, perhaps we should decide now?

 18:35:18 <kees> is the CC 2 years?

 18:35:29 <kees> because if so, it seems like the common term is 2 years.

 18:35:30 <soren> And fall back to whatever you find out was previously decided, if anything.

 18:35:33 <stgraber> that'd be great. I had a quick look on the wiki and through my e-mails when that thread started but couldn't find any reference to the term length on there

 18:36:14 <cjwatson> I certainly don't object to 2, which aligns with the TB too

 18:36:27 <soren> I have no particular preference. Two years is customary in Ubuntu, so I'm fine with that (and we can let geser off the hook early as an exception)

 18:36:35 <stgraber> I'm fine with 2 years

 18:36:43 <soren> And Laney.

 18:36:50 <cjwatson> 1 might have been an accident due to LP defaults

 18:36:50 <soren> per https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/technical-board/2011-October/001107.html

 18:37:02 <stgraber> only note is that quite a few members asked for their expiry not to be cahnged if we indeed choose to make it 2 years

 18:37:57 <soren> Ok, so geser and Laney are off the hook in Feb 2012. Everyone else's term is 2 years, unless cjwatson finds a different decision in the archives.

 18:37:57 <stgraber> right, both Michael Bienia and Iain Lane asked for theirs to be kept to one year

 18:38:20 <soren> Does that sounds good to everyone?

 18:38:45 <stgraber> yep, that sounds good to me

 18:39:26 * kees nods

 18:39:31 <cjwatson> ok

 18:39:32 <stgraber> #vote Set DMB term to 2 years except for geser and Laney who asked for theirs to expire in February 2012

 18:39:32 <meetingology> Please vote on: Set DMB term to 2 years except for geser and Laney who asked for theirs to expire in February 2012

 18:39:32 <meetingology> Public votes can be registered by saying +1, +0 or -1 in channel, (private votes don't work yet, but when they do it will be by messaging the channel followed by +1/-1/+0 to me)

 18:39:46 <cjwatson> +1

 18:39:46 <meetingology> +1 received from cjwatson

 18:39:47 <stgraber> +1

 18:39:47 <meetingology> +1 received from stgraber

 18:39:48 <soren> +1

 18:39:48 <meetingology> +1 received from soren

 18:40:51 <stgraber> mdz, kees: ^

 18:40:57 <mdz> sorry

 18:40:58 <mdz> +1

 18:40:58 <meetingology> +1 received from mdz

 18:41:28 <soren> Where's pitti today, btw? Did we just forget to ping him?

 18:41:42 <stgraber> soren: I poked him in #ubuntu-devel, no response

 18:41:49 <soren> Ok, np.

 18:43:36 <stgraber> looks like we lost kees, I guess we can take that "18:39  * kees nods" as a +1, though we already have 4 +1s anyway

 18:43:39 <stgraber> #endvote

 18:43:39 <meetingology> Voting ended on: Set DMB term to 2 years except for geser and Laney who asked for theirs to expire in February 2012

 18:43:39 <meetingology> Votes for:4 Votes against:0 Abstentions:0

 18:43:39 <meetingology> Motion carried

 18:44:03 <stgraber> #action stgraber to update the term of the DMB members to 2 years

 18:44:03 * meetingology stgraber to update the term of the DMB members to 2 years

 18:45:05 <soren> Mark just commented on the MESA issue.

 18:45:17 <soren> fwiw

 18:45:52 <stgraber> https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/technical-board/2011-October/001114.html

 18:46:58 <stgraber> #topic AOB

 18:47:20 <stgraber> Looking at the mailing-list, I also found https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/technical-board/2011-October/001104.html

 18:48:43 <soren> Does the DMB have privileges to actually add stuff to package sets or do they still go through cjwatson for that?

 18:48:54 <soren> Technical privileges, I mean.

 18:49:10 <stgraber> the DMB actually owns a few package sets

 18:49:28 <soren> I'm not sure I understand what that means.

 18:49:44 <stgraber> for the others they ask someone on the TB to implement the changes (usually cjwatson though I guess I can do it myself now)

 18:50:08 <kees> stupid network. back again. yeah, I was +1 :P

 18:50:57 <soren> Ok, someone owns a package set. The owner can add and remove packages from it? And the team that can upload the packages in the package set is a different team than the owning team?

 18:51:01 <soren> Is that right?

 18:51:48 <stgraber> yep

 18:51:53 <soren> Ok.

 18:52:22 <stgraber> I just got reminded by wendar that the ARB has a selection of new members that need to be reviewed by the TB, ideally at this meeting

 18:52:33 <stgraber> #topic selection of new ARB members

 18:52:45 <stgraber> wendar: thanks for reminding me!

 18:52:49 <stgraber> the list is at: https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/technical-board/2011-October/001110.html

 18:53:43 <stgraber> as discussed at the last TB meeting, these would be additional members of the ARB team to help with the few new packages that the ARB got since developers.u.c was launched

 18:54:05 <soren> How many seats are being filled? 3?

 18:54:14 <wendar> yes, three

 18:54:18 <stgraber> that's an additional 3 seats on the ARB, yes

 18:54:31 <wendar> bringing us back up to the 7 seats currently listed as the max

 18:55:06 <wendar> (we've been down to 4 members for a while)

 18:55:36 <stgraber> all three candidates are part of ubuntu-dev as was agreed at the last TB meeting

 18:56:46 <stgraber> #vote Approve the 3 additional members for the ARB (https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/technical-board/2011-October/001110.html)

 18:56:46 <meetingology> Please vote on: Approve the 3 additional members for the ARB (https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/technical-board/2011-October/001110.html)

 18:56:46 <meetingology> Public votes can be registered by saying +1, +0 or -1 in channel, (private votes don't work yet, but when they do it will be by messaging the channel followed by +1/-1/+0 to me)

 18:57:05 <kees> +1

 18:57:05 <meetingology> +1 received from kees

 18:57:09 <stgraber> +1

 18:57:09 <meetingology> +1 received from stgraber

 18:57:49 <soren> I don't personally have any reservations about them, but I wonder how it would have shown in a condorcet vote if someone did.

 18:58:04 <mdz> one moment, reading the email

 18:58:28 <mdz> +1

 18:58:28 <meetingology> +1 received from mdz

 18:58:36 <wendar> soren: it would show as a very low rating, "no opinion" gives them no points

 18:58:57 <soren> Hm.

 18:59:00 <soren> +1

 18:59:00 <meetingology> +1 received from soren

 18:59:16 <soren> ...but I think we should revisit how we do this in the future.

 18:59:41 <stgraber> cjwatson: ^

 19:00:20 <wendar> soren: yeah, someone suggested a "None of the Above" entry

 19:00:41 <wendar> soren: also, more of a +1/-1 system seems appropriate here

 19:00:44 <mdz> wendar, that would be an improvement I think

 19:00:47 <soren> That would have helped, but I'm not sure that would really do the trick.

 19:00:52 <soren> wendar: Right, exactly.

 19:00:56 <mdz> is there a document anywhere which explains the process for running an election?

 19:00:56 <wendar> soren: something to talk about at the UDS session

 19:01:10 <stgraber> another way would have been to create one poll per candidate with a simple yes/no vote

 19:01:20 <wendar> mdz: yes, it's new, but the TB reviewed it in the last meeting

 19:01:37 <wendar> mdz: so, this is our first time through electing new ARB members

 19:01:53 <mdz> I figured most of our elections are probably run in the same fashion

 19:02:05 <mdz> and if not, they probably should be :-)

 19:02:10 <wendar> mdz: https://wiki.ubuntu.com/AppReviewBoard/Restaffing

 19:02:15 <stgraber> we usually have more candidate than seats though

 19:02:29 <stgraber> this time was a bit weird as we had 3 candidates and 3 seats

 19:02:50 <wendar> mdz: (which is just a specific application of https://wiki.ubuntu.com/CommunityCouncil/Restaffing)

 19:03:23 <wendar> stgraber: yes, that's what made the usual poll system an odd fit for this one

 19:04:08 <stgraber> ok, looks like we lost cjwatson

 19:04:11 <stgraber> #endvote

 19:04:11 <meetingology> Voting ended on: Approve the 3 additional members for the ARB (https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/technical-board/2011-October/001110.html)

 19:04:11 <meetingology> Votes for:4 Votes against:0 Abstentions:0

 19:04:11 <meetingology> Motion carried

 19:04:12 <soren> I wonder if we should always include a "none of the above" option.

 19:04:37 <soren> EVen if there are more candidates than seats, there might still be candidates that people would rather be without.

 19:05:11 <soren> Which is just as valid as in the case where there are as many (or fewer) candidates as there are seats to be filled.

 19:05:13 <stgraber> soren: I think that'd be interesting to have indeed

 19:05:31 <cjwatson> I'm +1 on that ARB motion, sorry

 19:05:37 <cjwatson> I do have to leave now though

 19:05:49 <stgraber> #action stgraber to add the new members to the ARB

 19:05:49 * meetingology stgraber to add the new members to the ARB

 19:05:51 <cjwatson> none of the above - agreed

 19:06:03 <stgraber> #topic Chair

 19:06:16 <soren> Next meeting is as UDS, right?

 19:06:16 <stgraber> so apparently the TB uses alphabetical order, making cjwatson the next chair

 19:06:20 <stgraber> soren: indeed

 19:06:25 <soren> Cool.

 19:06:26 <cjwatson> I'm fine with that

 19:06:42 <stgraber> so that's going to be at 3pm UDS-time

 19:06:47 <soren> Well..

 19:06:52 <soren> Yeah, probably.

 19:07:04 <soren> We can make the new meeting time effective after UDS.

 19:07:10 <soren> (whatever it may be)

 19:07:32 <soren> How many of us will be at UDS?

 19:07:34 <soren> o/

 19:07:57 <stgraber> I'll

 19:09:20 <stgraber> I'm sorry, I also have to run, I think we'll be a majority of the TB members at UDS.

 19:09:35 <stgraber> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/AlanBell/mootbot)