#title #ubuntu-meeting Meeting

Meeting started by akgraner at 17:00:24 UTC.  The full logs are
available at
http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2011/ubuntu-meeting.2011-12-01-17.00.log.html
.



== Meeting summary ==

 *#Edubuntu Council Review

 *open discussion - anything new?

 *- decide who will...
''ACTION:'' czajkowski to chair the December 15th, 2011 17:00UTC CC Meeting  (akgraner, 17:40:56)



Meeting ended at 17:42:16 UTC.



== Votes ==




== Action items ==

 * czajkowski to chair the December 15th, 2011 17:00UTC CC Meeting



== Action items, by person ==

 * czajkowski
 ** czajkowski to chair the December 15th, 2011 17:00UTC CC Meeting



== People present (lines said) ==

 * highvoltage (54)
 * akgraner (42)
 * dholbach (28)
 * czajkowski (18)
 * YokoZar (16)
 * pleia2 (11)
 * Gwaihir (10)
 * sabdfl (8)
 * alkisg (6)
 * AlanBell (6)
 * meetingology (4)
 * beuno (3)
 * ogra_ (2)
 * plars (1)



== Full Log ==


 17:00:24 <akgraner> #startmeeting

 17:00:24 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Dec  1 17:00:24 2011 UTC.  The chair is akgraner. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/AlanBell/mootbot.

 17:00:24 <meetingology> 

 17:00:24 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 17:00:37 <akgraner> Welcome to the CC meeting - who's here

 17:00:39 <akgraner> o/

 17:00:40 <dholbach> Mark might be a bit late, but should make it

 17:00:43 <YokoZar> o/

 17:00:46 <czajkowski> o/

 17:00:46 <dholbach> \\o

 17:01:03 <beuno> o/

 17:01:34 <highvoltage> o>-<

 17:01:40 <highvoltage> oops, let me rotate 90Â°

 17:01:43 <akgraner> great - so looks like first up is welcoming the Edubuntu Council

 17:01:44 <highvoltage> \o/

 17:01:54 <czajkowski> highvoltage: aloha there thanks for coming

 17:01:56 <akgraner> #topic #Edubuntu Council Review

 17:01:59 <dholbach> it's great to have you here :)

 17:02:07 <akgraner> highvoltage, welcome!

 17:02:11 <highvoltage> stgraber, alkisg: are you around?

 17:02:13 <highvoltage> thanks!

 17:02:17 <alkisg> Hi all

 17:02:32 <dholbach> alkisg, highvoltage, stgraber (who else is here?): how have your last few months been in Edubuntu land?

 17:02:36 <akgraner> Can you fill us in on how things are going with you all..

 17:02:38 <highvoltage> First off, thanks for doing this review!

 17:03:00 <highvoltage> In Edubuntu, we purposely try to keep the Council itself just that

 17:03:16 <highvoltage> and keep the part where we actually do things as a team in edubuntu-dev

 17:03:30 <highvoltage> but as it happens, edubuntu-dev and edubuntu-council are pretty much the same at this point

 17:03:37 * alkisg is an LTS guy so he can't comment much about the last few months, but I can comment about 10.04 in Greek schools - it's a big success, we deployed it to 120.000 laptops and to 250 schools so far

 17:03:53 <dholbach> alkisg, WOW

 17:03:54 <czajkowski> impressive

 17:03:58 <akgraner> nice!

 17:04:11 <alkisg> Half of them are in this map: http://goo.gl/maps/nOoQ

 17:04:14 <YokoZar> That IS impressive

 17:04:19 <highvoltage> I guess on a project level our most exciting thing is our colaboration with Debian-Edu

 17:04:39 <highvoltage> in some of their deployments they want to use Ubuntu/Edubuntu Desktop with Debian-Edu servers

 17:04:55 <Gwaihir> that is amazing

 17:05:10 <highvoltage> so we're investigating what we can do to get their scripts packaged in Ubuntu.

 17:06:02 <akgraner> That's great!

 17:06:05 <highvoltage> I'm visiting a school on Saturday that's been running Ubuntu for 6 years now, I'm going to do an interview with them and hopefully it will be the first of a series of school interviews

 17:06:16 <highvoltage> but that's not really EC specific :)

 17:06:34 <dholbach> highvoltage, I could imagine that the collaboration on a package level is working out well - are there points where the goals in Debian-Edu and Edubuntu are different?

 17:06:45 <highvoltage> I guess if we talk just about EC-specific stuff then our scope is rather small

 17:07:28 <highvoltage> dholbach: currently debian-edu provides a complete solution, server and client side. we just do client-side atm. the server stuff is a lot of work that we don't have the manpower to take on at the moment

 17:07:50 <YokoZar> alkisg: highvoltage: what would you say is the primary motivater decision-makers have for putting ubuntu in schools?

 17:07:50 <highvoltage> getting new contributors for Edubuntu seems hard, people just don't find it all that interesting

 17:09:00 <highvoltage> YokoZar: it's different from area to area and also budgets, in the more affluent schools you find that they want it because some of their needs are completely met with just having a web browser and openoffice.org.

 17:09:15 <highvoltage> YokoZar: in other cases, people don't really care and just want something cheap

 17:09:18 <alkisg> It's hard to summarize the Ubuntu or FLOSS benefits in general in a few words... cost, ease of installation and maintainance, freedom of changing + redistributing the software... bits are missing, of course, but the whole community is working on making the experience better

 17:09:34 <dholbach> highvoltage, are schools getting in touch with the Edubuntu team much? are there people in the schools themselves who might start contributing?

 17:09:37 <highvoltage> YokoZar: and then there are those who want to spend less time on fixing malware related problems

 17:09:55 <highvoltage> dholbach: for a long time we had very, very little feedback from anyone

 17:10:05 <highvoltage> dholbach: then stgraber added the webform on http://edubuntu.org/contact

 17:10:14 <YokoZar> alkisg: For sure, the benefits are many, I'm just looking for a more coherent lesson to help guide the ubuntu-elevator-pitch

 17:10:20 <sabdfl> perhaps if we highlighted some of your projects, it would help to attract folk who want to work on stuff that's noticed

 17:10:21 <highvoltage> dholbach: and suddenly we are getting around 10 e-mails a week from Edubuntu users

 17:10:28 <pleia2> wow, nice :)

 17:10:34 <dholbach> highvoltage, nice

 17:10:45 <pleia2> highvoltage: where do these emails go? a mailing list or published anywhere?

 17:10:52 <highvoltage> dholbach: some of them have really great ideas that I've tried to get them to post to edubuntu-users about, but they rarely do

 17:11:28 <highvoltage> pleia2: no, unfortunately, that's why I want to get those interview going, it would be awesome to get it out in the open what some people are doing

 17:11:29 <pleia2> (mostly I'm just curious, not questioning policy or anything :))

 17:11:37 <highvoltage> sabdfl: indeed

 17:11:38 <akgraner> This great work! highvoltage, alkisg stgraber are there any questions you have for the CC - anything you need from us specifically at this point in time?

 17:12:03 <dholbach> highvoltage, maybe you should reply with something like "Would you mind if I share your suggestion with our users/developers?" and CC them, if they're OK with doing that ;-)

 17:12:11 <akgraner> This *is* great work (I meant to type)

 17:12:51 <highvoltage> sabdfl: earlier (I'm not sure if you were in the channel yet) I was talking about an interview I'm having with a school in Cape Town that's been running Ubuntu for 6 years now (I'm planning to get some nice video too), and I hope that that's the first in a line of them

 17:13:33 <highvoltage> akgraner: I've submitted our list of nominations to the CC for the EC elections, I guess that's pretty much it

 17:13:34 * YokoZar wonders if sabdfl is already familiar with that particular school...

 17:13:38 <dholbach> this really is excellent work

 17:13:41 <alkisg> If we were to have some dev support, I think the first need would be easy user + shared home management, maybe something like freeipa, that would make it easier for schools that don't have sysadmins. Other than that we have an LTS release ahead so we mostly focus on stability now :)

 17:13:48 <highvoltage> we were planning to extend our term to 2 years after the first year

 17:14:07 <highvoltage> I'm not sure if we need to formally do that in a CC meeting or if we could just update the wiki to reflect that

 17:14:46 <highvoltage> the CEO of the company I work for said he'd round up the schools that we work with in Canada / US as well and let us interview them

 17:15:05 <YokoZar> highvoltage: You mean you want the newly elected council members to serve 2 year terms and the next election would be during the next LTS cycle?

 17:15:37 <highvoltage> so I hope that getting the word out will also help is get more Edubuntu contributors, so that maybe next time we won't have the same old people nominated for the EC (not that there's anything wrong with them, they're great)

 17:16:08 <highvoltage> YokoZar: that's what was discussed a year ago, yes

 17:16:29 <highvoltage> and news just in:

 17:16:29 <highvoltage> 12:11 < skaet> stgraber, highvoltage - edubuntu alpha 1 is released.

 17:16:48 <czajkowski> great stuff

 17:16:52 <dholbach> you mentioned that there was little to do for the Edubuntu Council up until now? what did EC work involve? did you approve edubuntu members?

 17:16:56 <highvoltage> sorry for all the blabbering :)

 17:17:24 <highvoltage> dholbach: indeed, we've had very few applications though (I think it's been 2 over the last year (or was that 2 years))

 17:17:26 <dholbach> highvoltage, thanks a lot for blabbering - it's great to get an insight into what's been going on

 17:17:38 <akgraner> sounds like a plan are there any other questions of items of interest in relation to Edubuntu that needs to be address (Congrats on Alpha 1)

 17:18:02 <YokoZar> My preference for elections is indeed two year terms and conducted during the LTS cycle when possible, that cadence seems to match up with other processes quite well

 17:18:04 <highvoltage> it's an area we really want to improve on, but it's sometimes hard, especially since our interests are broad and are already stretched quite thin

 17:18:21 <highvoltage> YokoZar: ok, great

 17:18:36 <highvoltage> WebLive has also been quite successful. That's stgraber's pet project

 17:18:52 <highvoltage> we've had more than 100000 people log in to try Edubuntu via their web browser so far

 17:19:07 <highvoltage> (we actually hit 100k during UDS last month, so it's even higher now)

 17:19:48 <highvoltage> For a bit longer term, perhaps 12.10, we might want to apply for some printed Edubuntu discs too for locos.

 17:20:01 <highvoltage> distribution is hard, since we don't have printed CD's at the moment

 17:20:07 <czajkowski> nods

 17:20:15 <dholbach> so approving members was an EC task, was there anything else the EC had to deal with specifically?

 17:20:20 <czajkowski> that might be a wiser choise then the Server cd that's sent imo

 17:20:23 <highvoltage> we've made it slightly easier for 3rd party providers to have themselves known by adding them to http://edubuntu.org/marketplace

 17:20:43 <highvoltage> it helps a little, but it would be nice to give a little more to locos.

 17:20:53 <czajkowski> nods makes sense

 17:21:04 <czajkowski> highvoltage: have you tried to reach out to locoteams?

 17:21:08 <highvoltage> dholbach: technically if edubuntu-dev is in deadlock the issue would be escelated to edubuntu-council

 17:21:12 * YokoZar wonders if printed LTS edubuntu CDs would be more useful to distribute during later cycles

 17:21:28 <highvoltage> dholbach: but since we're the same people currently and since we usually pretty much agree, that hasn't happened yet

 17:21:35 <dholbach> ok, I see

 17:21:45 <YokoZar> how many of you work for the same company?

 17:21:57 <dholbach> highvoltage, I'll put the 5 of you on my list to interview for the weekly dev update :)

 17:22:08 <highvoltage> czajkowski: yep, we have. in some places we've had some success, some locos even run translated versions of the edubuntu website

 17:22:30 <highvoltage> czajkowski: at one stage we had an edubuntu loco project, but it became cumborsome to maintain seperately and it merged with the ubuntu loco teams

 17:22:35 <akgraner> dholbach, you want that as an action item?

 17:22:47 <dholbach> akgraner, I added it to my TODO list already :)

 17:22:49 <akgraner> k

 17:23:04 <czajkowski> highvoltage: ok. thanks

 17:23:05 <highvoltage> YokoZar: myself and mgariepy work for the same company. stgraber used to work for us but he got snagged by Canonical

 17:23:38 <highvoltage> YokoZar: alkisg is a teacher from Greece and sbalneav works for a legal company that uses LTSP in Canada.

 17:24:40 <highvoltage> so yes, I guess this was more of an Edubuntu update than an Edubuntu Council update, but we don't really have any complaints from our side

 17:24:53 <sabdfl> useful nonetheless

 17:25:01 <sabdfl> with some impressive, understated achievements

 17:25:04 <sabdfl> well done

 17:25:28 <highvoltage> thanks, I'll be sure to pass that on to the edubuntu-devel list :)

 17:25:28 <alkisg> Thanks, and thanks for Ubuntu itself again. :)

 17:25:44 <sabdfl> also, worth noting that you folk carry the ubuntu values very strongly, which is appreciated

 17:25:44 <czajkowski> highvoltage: thank you for the detailed information it's been really interesting to learn about what edbuntu is doing

 17:25:52 <akgraner> highvoltage, thank you!

 17:26:19 <akgraner> moving on them unless anyone has anything else?

 17:26:20 <dholbach> yes, this work is absolutely great - thanks a lot :)

 17:27:00 <akgraner> Since it looks like the agenda only has the fixed items - lets look at open discussion for a few minutes...

 17:27:11 <akgraner> #open Discussion - anything new from anyone?

 17:27:25 <akgraner> #topic open discussion - anything new?

 17:27:45 <YokoZar> Small note: still no response to my RT ticket ~ mailing list activity that I filed around UDS

 17:27:58 <sabdfl> ticket number?

 17:28:11 <dholbach> I can't quite remember what we decided in terms of the Planet Ubuntu update (old feeds)

 17:28:52 <YokoZar> sabdfl: 18745

 17:28:57 <AlanBell> dholbach: I emailed a spreadsheet of possible old feeds

 17:29:05 <AlanBell> I need help tying them to people

 17:29:20 <sabdfl> AlanBell, did that get blogged?

 17:29:34 <AlanBell> not to my knowledge

 17:29:35 <Gwaihir> dholbach, I prepared a stub to be published on the fridge, but never got published

 17:29:48 <dholbach> AlanBell, alright, I'll have a look at my inbox again and see what we can do about it

 17:29:55 <AlanBell> thanks dholbach

 17:30:26 <akgraner> So do we need to review AlanBell's list  - and send out a notice to the planet then?

 17:30:43 <pleia2> reviewing the list is on my todo list, sorry for not getting to it yet

 17:30:53 <Gwaihir> akgraner, basically, yes

 17:30:56 <AlanBell> yes, there are a heap of feeds and nicks that I don't recognise, they *could* be members

 17:31:09 <dholbach> thanks AlanBell for your work on this

 17:31:22 <AlanBell> I will do a commit to the planet conf file to correct a bunch of people I know to their actual launchpad names

 17:31:38 <Gwaihir> pleia2, I might help with the review of the list, unfortunately, not before next week...

 17:31:48 <akgraner> AlanBell, thanks!

 17:31:50 <pleia2> Gwaihir: great, thanks :) there is no rush

 17:32:02 <akgraner> pleia2, let me know if I can help  - but after Monday please...

 17:32:13 <Gwaihir> pleia2, ok

 17:32:21 <pleia2> Gwaihir: do you have an account on fridge? Or you can just email me your draft

 17:33:01 <Gwaihir> pleia2, no account, I can email the draft, np

 17:33:07 <pleia2> great

 17:33:15 <dholbach> also on the topic of Planet Ubuntu, dpm asked if we were OK to add the Translators Portal and App Dev Portal

 17:33:34 <dholbach> maybe we can decide this now and I reply to his mail afterwards?

 17:33:38 <pleia2> as long as an ubuntu member sponsors them I'm happy with those additions

 17:33:39 <czajkowski> yup I've no issues with that

 17:33:43 <Gwaihir> dholbach, I gave my +1 via email, I confirm it here

 17:33:45 <akgraner> I think it's fine

 17:33:46 <dholbach> +1 from me too

 17:33:49 <YokoZar> pleia2: +1

 17:33:50 <akgraner> +1 from me

 17:33:50 <beuno> +1

 17:33:52 <czajkowski> and as pleia2 says as long as an Ubuntu member sponsors it

 17:34:01 * Gwaihir nods

 17:34:02 <dholbach> ok, I'll mail him to go ahead

 17:34:03 <dholbach> thanks

 17:34:29 <akgraner> anything else not on the agenda we need to look at here?

 17:36:46 <akgraner> ok if there is nothing else then we need to move to the final fixed agenda items

 17:37:27 <akgraner> #topic - decide who will...

 17:37:41 <akgraner> update CommunityCouncil/TeamReports updated.,

 17:37:41 <akgraner> update the next meeting time on the wiki,

 17:37:41 <akgraner> chair the next meeting,,

 17:37:41 <akgraner> reference meeting log at MeetingLogs/CC.

 17:38:02 <akgraner> I would like to put forth the idea that  whoever chairs handles the updates

 17:38:09 <pleia2> I usually do all that, so I can if you want

 17:38:15 <pleia2> or that :)

 17:38:20 <czajkowski> heh

 17:38:24 <akgraner> this way we all take turns doing it

 17:38:29 <czajkowski> sounds fair

 17:38:32 <dholbach> thanks a lot pleia2

 17:38:35 <YokoZar> or pleia2 chairs forever ;)

 17:38:38 <akgraner> plars, you rock!

 17:38:48 <akgraner> pleia2, even

 17:39:18 <ogra_> plars rocks too though :)

 17:39:34 <sabdfl> +1 from me on the additions

 17:39:36 <YokoZar> Regardless: thanks pleia2, and I agree that having a system where we know who will do it each time is correct

 17:39:39 <ogra_> (not as much as pleia2 i admit :) )

 17:39:42 <Gwaihir> sounds fair to me too

 17:39:45 <plars> heh

 17:39:46 <akgraner> so if that's the case I can handle the updates for today - and we just need to decide who will chair the next meeting on the 15th

 17:40:22 <pleia2> thanks akgraner :)

 17:40:22 <czajkowski> I can

 17:40:45 <YokoZar> alphabetical by IRC nick :D

 17:40:56 <akgraner> #action czajkowski to chair the December 15th, 2011 17:00UTC CC Meeting

 17:40:56 * meetingology czajkowski to chair the December 15th, 2011 17:00UTC CC Meeting

 17:40:57 <dholbach> thanks czajkowski

 17:41:02 <czajkowski> np

 17:41:12 <Gwaihir> thanks czajkowski

 17:41:13 <akgraner> thanks czajkowski!

 17:41:13 <czajkowski> YokoZar: just for that mister..

 17:41:24 <YokoZar> nevermind I forgot beueno comes before czajkowski in the alphabet :D

 17:41:36 * akgraner changes my IRC nick then

 17:41:44 <akgraner> ok anything else folks?

 17:41:54 * dholbach is all set

 17:42:02 <beuno> YokoZar, but I chaired last time, so it works out!

 17:42:02 <czajkowski> nope

 17:42:11 <akgraner> alrighty then thanks everyone!

 17:42:16 <akgraner> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/AlanBell/mootbot)