#title #ubuntu-meeting Meeting

Meeting started by skaet at 15:00:43 UTC.  The full logs are available
at
http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2011/ubuntu-meeting.2011-09-09-15.00.log.html
.



== Meeting summary ==

 *Release general overview - skaet
''LINK:'' http://status.ubuntu.com/ubuntu-oneiric/   (skaet, 15:01:42)
''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/oneiric/+bugs?field.tag=-ftbfs   (skaet, 15:01:51)
''LINK:'' https://launchpad.net/ubuntu/+milestone/ubuntu-11.10-beta-2   (skaet, 15:01:55)
''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/oneiric/+bugs?field.tag=regression-release   (skaet, 15:02:01)

 *Hardware Certification team update - mlegris
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~hwcert/hw-testing/week36_2011.html   (mlegris, 15:04:52)

 *QA team update -  jibel

 *Security team update - jdstrand
''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/ReleaseStatus/Oneiric   (jdstrand, 15:09:23)
''LINK:'' http://status.ubuntu.com/ubuntu-oneiric/canonical-security.html   (jdstrand, 15:09:25)

 *Kernel team update - ogasawara
''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/KernelTeam/ReleaseStatus/Oneiric   (ogasawara, 15:13:02)
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~platform/workitems/oneiric/canonical-kernel-team-ubuntu-11.10-beta-2.html   (ogasawara, 15:13:02)
''LINK:'' http://status.ubuntu.com/ubuntu-oneiric/group/topic-oneiric-kernel-tasks.html   (ogasawara, 15:13:02)

 *Foundations team update - cjwatson

 *ARM team update
''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ARMTeam/ReleaseStatus/Oneiric   (ogra_, 15:26:42)

 *Linaro update - rsalveti or fabo

 *Ubuntu One Team -  Chipaca or joshuahoover

 *Desktop Team update - pitti

 *Desktop Experience Team Update - dbarth

 *Kubuntu Team update - ScottK

 *Edubuntu Team update - stgraber or highvoltage

 *Xubuntu Team update - charlie-tca

 *Lubuntu Team update - gilir

 *MOTU team update - tumbleweed

 *Server team update - Daviey

 *GNOME 3.1.92



Meeting ended at 16:35:03 UTC.



== Votes ==




== Action items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * skaet (137)
 * pitti (60)
 * ogra_ (42)
 * ScottK (34)
 * dbarth_ (33)
 * cjwatson (32)
 * ogasawara (29)
 * fabo (26)
 * ubottu (14)
 * mlegris (10)
 * jdstrand (10)
 * stgraber (9)
 * charlie-tca (9)
 * tumbleweed (7)
 * gilir (6)
 * doko (3)
 * meetingology (3)
 * broder (1)
 * highvoltage (1)



== Full Log ==


 15:00:43 <skaet> #startmeeting

 15:00:43 <meetingology> Meeting started Fri Sep  9 15:00:43 2011 UTC.  The chair is skaet. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/AlanBell/mootbot.

 15:00:43 <meetingology> 

 15:00:43 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 15:01:25 <pitti> hello

 15:01:27 <skaet> [TOPIC] Release general overview - skaet

 15:01:35 <skaet> Agenda can be found: https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ReleaseTeam/Meeting/2011-09-09

 15:01:35 <skaet> .

 15:01:35 <skaet> 11.10 FeatureFreeze,  UserInterfaceFreeze now in effect

 15:01:35 <skaet> 11.10 Beta Freeze: Sept 15, 2100 UTC  (GNOME 3.1.92 - TBD)

 15:01:35 <skaet> 11.10 Beta 2: Sept 22, 2011.

 15:01:35 <skaet> 11.10 Release Date: October 13, 2011

 15:01:37 <skaet> .

 15:01:39 <skaet> we've falling behind on the features for this release in the burndown charts, so would appreciate it if all the teams could please review the work items and make sure the status is accurate.

 15:01:42 <skaet> [LINK] http://status.ubuntu.com/ubuntu-oneiric/

 15:01:44 <skaet> .

 15:01:46 <skaet> lots of bugs showing up on the lists,  needing fixes.

 15:01:48 <skaet> Please review the overall lists for the release as well as your individual team lists for bugs that may have been overlooked.

 15:01:51 <skaet> [LINK] https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/oneiric/+bugs?field.tag=-ftbfs

 15:01:55 <skaet> [LINK] https://launchpad.net/ubuntu/+milestone/ubuntu-11.10-beta-2

 15:01:57 <skaet> .

 15:01:59 <skaet> Also, we're seeing some regressions that could use an extra look as well.

 15:02:01 <skaet> [LINK] https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/oneiric/+bugs?field.tag=regression-release

 15:02:03 <skaet> .

 15:02:05 <skaet> There has been some discussion on #ubuntu-release this week whether we can include GNOME 3.1.92 in time for Beta 2.   It is scheduled to land on 9/19 - which is after Beta Freeze.  For those interested,  we'll be discussing this after we finish the roundtable part of the agenda.

 15:02:09 <skaet> ..

 15:02:14 <skaet> any questions?

 15:03:12 <pitti> skaet: I think that was gnome final

 15:03:20 <pitti> ah, no, 92. ignore me, sorry

 15:03:35 * skaet looks around, not seeing questions

 15:03:46 <skaet> np pitti.  :)

 15:04:02 <skaet> ok, into the round table then

 15:04:36 <skaet> [TOPIC] Hardware Certification team update - mlegris

 15:04:39 <mlegris> hi all!

 15:04:41 <skaet> :)

 15:04:42 <mlegris> [Week 36 Testing Report]

 15:04:42 <mlegris> Smaller report this week due to Maverick and Lucid SRU

 15:04:52 <mlegris> [link] http://people.canonical.com/~hwcert/hw-testing/week36_2011.html

 15:04:52 <mlegris> .

 15:05:00 <mlegris> Bugs:

 15:05:00 <mlegris> *  Bug #810145 - unity-panel-service crashes

 15:05:03 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 810145 in unity (Ubuntu Oneiric) "unity-panel-service crashed with SIGABRT in __kernel_vsyscall()" [Critical,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/810145

 15:05:14 <mlegris> any questions?

 15:05:29 <mlegris> ..

 15:05:36 <skaet> Thanks mlegris!

 15:05:49 <skaet> is 810415 the only one that cert thinks is a blocker?

 15:06:21 <mlegris> for non system specific, yes

 15:06:47 <skaet> ok,  I'll note it then.

 15:07:53 * skaet doesn't see other questions, so...

 15:08:03 <skaet> [TOPIC] QA team update -  jibel

 15:09:03 <skaet> hmm... me doesn't see jibel around.   Will skip them for now then.

 15:09:13 <skaet> [TOPIC] Security team update - jdstrand

 15:09:23 <jdstrand> [LINK] https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/ReleaseStatus/Oneiric

 15:09:25 <jdstrand> [LINK] http://status.ubuntu.com/ubuntu-oneiric/canonical-security.html

 15:09:34 <jdstrand> We postponed several work items and dbus/apparmor will not be a part of Oneiric as a technology preview. Work is ongoing there and we hope to have something to upload very early in 'P'. The remaining work items should all be either bugs or items not tied to the release schedule.

 15:09:50 <jdstrand> Looking at the list of oneiric bugs, there are a few worth highlighting:

 15:09:55 <jdstrand> 837557: updates for DigiNotar. nss should be uploaded today and chromium hopefully next week (there are several regressions in current chromium that caused the delay)

 15:10:06 <jdstrand> 834079, 835996, 836162, 844274: various lightdm security issues. These all show up on the appropriate lists, but I'd like to reiterate the importance that these be fixed before release. I should also point out that at least the first bug is being discussed outside of Ubuntu

 15:10:21 <jdstrand> 344878: the ecryptfs long filename bug. My team will now handle this since we hired tyhicks (ecryptfs upstream). We don't plan to have a fix for oneiric, but we will deal with it in one way or another for 'P'. This will be discussed at UDS.

 15:10:34 <jdstrand> ..

 15:10:46 <skaet> Thanks jdstrand.

 15:11:10 <skaet> pitti - what's the outlook on the bugs jdstrand highlights re: lightdm?

 15:11:28 <pitti> skaet: sorry, can't say; I can check with Robert next week and come back to you

 15:11:35 <pitti> (I generally have very little overlap with him)

 15:11:39 <jdstrand> I should mention they are fairly new bugs-- the first is only 2 weeks old

 15:11:57 <jdstrand> (but that is the one being discussed outside of Ubuntu)

 15:12:02 <skaet> thanks pitti.   and thanks jdstrand for highlighting them.

 15:12:39 <skaet> any other questions for jdstrand?

 15:12:58 <skaet> [TOPIC] Kernel team update - ogasawara

 15:13:01 <ogasawara> Overall status is reported at the first link below.  Burn down for Oneiric Beta-2 is at the second link below.  Burndown for the cycle is at the third link:

 15:13:02 <ogasawara> [LINK] https://wiki.ubuntu.com/KernelTeam/ReleaseStatus/Oneiric

 15:13:02 <ogasawara> [LINK] http://people.canonical.com/~platform/workitems/oneiric/canonical-kernel-team-ubuntu-11.10-beta-2.html

 15:13:02 <ogasawara> [LINK] http://status.ubuntu.com/ubuntu-oneiric/group/topic-oneiric-kernel-tasks.html

 15:13:12 <ogasawara> We uploaded linux-3.0.0-10.16 following Beta-1 to provide the latest upstream stable v3.0.4 patches as well as some misc bug fixes we'd been queueing.  With Kernel and Beta Freeze approaching next Thurs, I intend to do an upload today and possibly one more early next week before we freeze.  Any patches we receive after that are subject to our SRU policy.  We are currently trending above our Beta-2 burndown chart but are be

 15:13:12 <ogasawara> low overall.  The remaining work items are not release critical.

 15:13:34 <ogasawara> Also, as discussed in a previous meeting, please drop/move the following bugs in the agenda:

 15:13:34 <ogasawara> #748842 - please drop, this is against linuxdcpp which is a universe package and not likely relevant for this meeting.  It was also recently marked Fix Released for Oneiric against linuxdcpp.

 15:13:35 <ogasawara> #764893 - reported against os-prober, please move to foundations team

 15:13:52 <ogasawara> Of the remaining bugs called out on the agenda against the kernel, status is as follows:

 15:14:01 <ogasawara> #542660 - Looks to be related to EFI boot not loading the video bios into ram.

 15:14:01 <ogasawara> #557261 - Closed Invalid against the kernel.

 15:14:01 <ogasawara> #656486 - Closed Fix Released.

 15:14:01 <ogasawara> #710733 - Confirmed against Oneiric, not release critical, investigation ongonig.

 15:14:01 <ogasawara> #714862 - Assigned to kernel dev, investigation ongoing.

 15:14:02 <ogasawara> #746133 - Recently confirmed against Oneiric, assigning to kernel dev.

 15:14:04 <ogasawara> #753071 - Closed Won't Fix for Oneiric, re-targetting patches to land in time for P-series.

 15:14:06 <ogasawara> #754711 - On a 3.0 oneiric kernel, system now suspends but doesn't resume.  systemtap debug scripts to help investigate are being worked on for Oneiric, see 815944 (systemtap fix recently posted upstream).

 15:14:11 <ogasawara> #758486 - Told that TI will push a fix with the next BSP.

 15:14:13 <ogasawara> #760131 - Partly fixed in Oneiric and soon natty, more analysis ongoing upstream.

 15:14:15 <ogasawara> #761082 - Confirmed against Oneiric, investigation ongoing.

 15:14:17 <ogasawara> #790712 - The order 5 allocation seems to be bogus and non-fatal; further investigation ongoing.

 15:14:19 <ogasawara> #793486 - Closed Fix Released.

 15:14:21 <ogasawara> #814325 - Issue confirmed upstream, actively under investigation by multiple devs.

 15:14:23 <ogasawara> #820466 - Assigned to kernel dev, investigation ongoing.

 15:14:26 <ogasawara> Questions?

 15:14:29 <ogasawara> ..

 15:14:46 <cjwatson> 764893 is already against foundations as well, but yes, it should be deleted from the kernel agenda

 15:14:57 <skaet> Thanks ogasawara.  Appologies for not having those bugs moved. :(

 15:15:11 <ogasawara> skaet: no worries, I was wondering if I should just edit myself?

 15:15:20 <skaet> ogasawara, yes please.

 15:15:21 <skaet> :)

 15:15:26 <ogasawara> skaet: ack, will do.

 15:16:03 <skaet> Any of the leads should feel free to edit status of the bugs if they are inaccurate or in wrong place.

 15:16:44 <skaet> I pull it from the system the day before, so usually its close, but change happens.  :)

 15:16:58 <skaet> any questions for ogasawara ?

 15:17:22 <skaet> [TOPIC] Foundations team update - cjwatson

 15:17:40 <cjwatson> General notes:

 15:17:40 <cjwatson> - A couple of us have been working on the NBS and FTBFS queues.  NBS is looking a lot healthier now, with only a few clusters remaining.  FTBFS is still a swamp, albeit draining slowly.

 15:17:44 <cjwatson> - stgraber is taking on an iSCSI bug, to try to spread experience of that stack a bit.

 15:17:50 <cjwatson> - We've had more people on installer bugs, which has made a dent in that queue.  Still more to do.

 15:17:53 <cjwatson> - eglibc bug-fix upload in preparation.

 15:17:56 <cjwatson> - Working on various friendly-recovery improvements.

 15:17:58 <cjwatson> - Continued work on clearing up some of our larger sources of duplicate bugs.

 15:18:01 <cjwatson> - GCC update; should be final except for ARM.

 15:18:04 <cjwatson> - We've had one high-priority bug caused by bug 844103 which we had to work around, and there may be others lurking.  I know gdm is no longer the default, but could somebody on desktop please look into that?

 15:18:06 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 844103 in gdm (Ubuntu) "/sbin not in $PATH" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/844103

 15:18:08 <cjwatson> - We have three staff out on holiday and/or Plumbers.

 15:18:11 <cjwatson> Bugs:

 15:18:13 <cjwatson> - Ubiquity bugs are mostly waiting for Evan to return from Plumbers.

 15:18:16 <cjwatson> - Bug 745960: Mixed messages on bug, unknown outlook at this point.  There is a grub2 dmraid patch outstanding which may help at least some commenters.

 15:18:18 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 745960 in grub2 (Ubuntu Oneiric) "Cannot boot grub after installing to LVM" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/745960

 15:18:19 <cjwatson> - Bug 764893: Patch outstanding, should get it merged soon.

 15:18:20 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 764893 in os-prober (Ubuntu Oneiric) "os-prober: does not detect Ubuntu in btrfs subvolume" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/764893

 15:18:21 <cjwatson> - Bug 819328: Michael is on holiday; will check up when he returns.

 15:18:23 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 819328 in aptdaemon (Ubuntu Oneiric) "[Oneiric] update-manager crashed with DBusException in _run(): org.freedesktop.DBus.Error.NoReply: Did not receive a reply. Possible causes include: the remote application did not send a reply, the message bus security policy blocked the reply, the reply timeout expired, or the network connection was broken." [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/819328

 15:18:24 <cjwatson> - Bug 819624: Not sure if this still needs to be open; I've left a comment asking for feedback.

 15:18:25 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 819624 in casper (Ubuntu Oneiric) "casper doesn't configure autologin for lightdm properly" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/819624

 15:18:27 <cjwatson> ..

 15:18:36 <skaet> Thanks cjwatson!

 15:18:44 <skaet> what is the bug associated with the eglibc change?

 15:19:33 <skaet> and has eglibc landing in the repository been coordinated with the arm team?

 15:19:44 <cjwatson> a handful of Debian bugs (http://bugs.debian.org/639213, http://bugs.debian.org/640300, http://bugs.debian.org/640753) plus bug 842258

 15:19:48 <ubottu> Debian bug 639213 in libc6-dev "Uses #if on an undefined preprocessor symbol, should use defined()" [Normal,Fixed]

 15:19:50 <ubottu> Debian bug 640300 in libc6 "revert the perl Breaks entry" [Normal,Fixed]

 15:19:51 <ubottu> Debian bug 640753 in libc6 "libc6 fails to upgrade with a statically linked /bin/true" [Important,Fixed]

 15:19:52 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 842258 in eglibc (Ubuntu) "ARM strchr fails to convert c to char" [Undecided,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/842258

 15:20:03 <cjwatson> no, but eglibc changes don't usually cause a particular problem on arm ...?

 15:21:10 <cjwatson> there are no tight arch: any/all dependencies

 15:21:14 <ogra_> usually not

 15:21:44 <skaet> eglibc is pervasive for arm though.

 15:21:52 <cjwatson> it's pervasive for all architectures :-)

 15:21:56 <ogra_> :)

 15:22:07 <cjwatson> doko's running test builds before upload

 15:22:08 <skaet> yup.  hence my concern.  esp as one of the fixes is strchr.  ;)

 15:22:15 <ogra_> i dont think it will bother us much more than the other arches

 15:22:23 <cjwatson> strchr was broken before, which seems worse

 15:22:28 <ogra_> yeah

 15:23:38 <skaet> ok,  if ogra_'s aware and wanting it, that's the main thing.

 15:23:51 <ogra_> i would never refuse a fix :)

 15:23:52 * skaet agrees strchr broken is not good.

 15:24:15 <skaet> any other questions for cjwatson?

 15:24:22 <ogra_> at least if we dont have to rebuild the whole archive a week before release through it :)

 15:24:37 <cjwatson> it's a corner case, mercifully

 15:26:05 <skaet> heh, all mercies gratefully accepted at this point in the cycle ;)

 15:26:21 <skaet> [TOPIC] ARM team update

 15:26:30 <skaet> ogra_, ^^

 15:26:42 <ogra_> = Full Status is at: =

 15:26:42 <ogra_> https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ARMTeam/ReleaseStatus/Oneiric

 15:26:42 <ogra_> --

 15:26:42 <ogra_> = Summary =

 15:26:42 <ogra_> - For the OMAP4 images some u-boot and kernel changes are ahead that will need FFe's

 15:26:43 <ogra_> - The OMAP4 kernel will get the framework for new syslink shortly before kernel freeze,

 15:26:45 <ogra_> it might not work yet but will provide an easier environment to add SRUs to make video decoding work.

 15:26:48 <ogra_> - Remaining hardcoded flash-kernel bits were moved out of initramfs-tools

 15:26:50 <ogra_> - Cleanup of jasper is still ongoing

 15:26:52 <ogra_> - AC100 images are done but yet untested due to archive skew

 15:26:54 <ogra_> - mx5 fell behind a bit but we will have them ready during next week.

 15:26:56 <ogra_> - Server QA testing goes on

 15:26:58 <ogra_> - Sound devices were enabled again in the OMAP4 kernels pending tests.

 15:27:00 <ogra_> - The expected GLES code will not enter unity/compiz/nux anymore this cycle, instead the DX team comitted to have

 15:27:05 <ogra_> the code ready and merged before opening of the P cycle (and give a demo at UDS). Oneiric will ship GLES Unity in a PPA.

 15:27:08 <ogra_> --

 15:27:10 <ogra_> = Image Status =

 15:27:12 <ogra_> - Desktop images don't build due to archive skew (we only had 2 successful image builds this week)

 15:27:14 <ogra_> - Server images build and install fine

 15:27:16 <ogra_> - Netboot images work fine

 15:27:18 <ogra_> --

 15:27:20 <ogra_> = Specs =

 15:27:22 <ogra_> - Entire http://people.canonical.com/~platform/workitems/oneiric/ubuntu-arm.html

 15:27:24 <ogra_> - B2 http://people.canonical.com/~platform/workitems/oneiric/ubuntu-arm-ubuntu-11.10-beta-2.html

 15:27:26 <ogra_> --

 15:27:28 <ogra_> ~

 15:28:07 <skaet> Thanks ogra_!

 15:28:14 <ogra_> :)

 15:28:39 <skaet> please let me know when there are bootable AC100 images, and I'll give them a try.  (have my AC100 with me ;) )

 15:28:47 <ogra_> yay, will do

 15:28:57 <ogra_> theoretically the next successfull build should work

 15:29:13 <skaet> when specifically will the mx5 images be available?

 15:29:20 <ogra_> but as said, theoretically ... testing is hard if you cant build them

 15:29:22 <ogra_> ..

 15:29:47 <ogra_> mx5 livefses are alreayd buildable, its just a matter of thze post processing in debian-cd

 15:29:58 <ogra_> hopefull we will have that done mid next week

 15:30:35 <ogra_> sadly the persons in the team owning that HW are either at plumbers or on vacation, that slowed it down a bit

 15:30:49 <ogra_> ..

 15:30:51 <skaet> just under the beta freeze wire....

 15:31:13 <skaet> :/

 15:31:34 <ogra_> yeah, but no worries, we'll make it

 15:31:41 <skaet> :)

 15:31:56 <skaet> any other questions for ogra_ ?

 15:32:11 <skaet> [TOPIC] Linaro update - rsalveti or fabo

 15:32:18 <fabo> o/

 15:32:33 <fabo> = Developer Platform =

 15:32:41 <fabo> - FFe for u-boot-linaro in progress, to fix eMMC support for Blaze

 15:32:47 <fabo> - FFe for last linux-linaro related packages, to update them against our 11.08 release (shouldn't affect anything at the Ubuntu side)

 15:32:56 <fabo> - FFe for linaro-image-tools, bug 834003

 15:32:58 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 834003 in Linaro Image Tools "FFE: upload 11.08 to Oneiric" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/834003

 15:33:08 <fabo> - Work on-going at the GLES support for NUX (https://code.launchpad.net/~linaro-graphics-wg/nux/nux-gles2/+merge/70279), but after discussing with DX team, GLES support for Unity-3D will not be included for Oneiric :-(

 15:33:15 <fabo> - Progress at bug 746023, ogra_ reported that sound is working again at Oneiric after latest kernel package update

 15:33:16 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 746023 in alsa-utils (Ubuntu Natty) "No sound on omap4" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/746023

 15:33:22 <fabo> - Would like to have a FFe for libjpeg-turbo, to have it available at least for Oneiric, work on-going

 15:33:25 <fabo> --

 15:33:29 <fabo> = Infrastructure =

 15:33:34 <fabo> - work on-going to extend status.linaro.org. It will show Linaro's roadmap implemented as a Kanban board (kanbantool).

 15:33:37 <fabo> --

 15:33:42 <fabo> = Toolchain WG =

 15:33:47 <fabo> - 11.09 release next Thursday (September 15th), bugs planned for this release below

 15:33:52 <fabo> #823711 libvirt version 0.9.2-4ubuntu8 failed to build on armel - INPROGRESS

 15:33:57 <fabo> #836401 ICE on a | (b << negative-constant) - INPROGRESS

 15:34:01 <fabo> #843775 ICE optimizing widening multiply-and-accumulate - INPROGRESS

 15:34:05 <fabo> #689887 armel ICE gcc 4.5 - INPROGRESS

 15:34:10 <fabo> #809761 oss4 version 4.2-build2004-1ubuntu1 failed to build on armel - INPROGRESS

 15:34:14 <fabo> #823708 traverso version 0.49.2-4 failed to build on armel - INPROGRESS

 15:34:19 <fabo> #827990 internal compiler error: in decode_addr_const, at varasm.c:2632 - INPROGRESS

 15:34:24 <fabo> #823548 Can't use -flto with skia - FIX COMMITED

 15:34:26 <fabo> --

 15:34:31 <fabo> = Validation =

 15:34:37 <fabo> - work on going on lava-qatracker, a QATracker replacement, to record manual test runs in Linaro Automated Validation Architecture (LAVA).

 15:34:41 <fabo> ..

 15:35:08 <skaet> Thanks fabo!    Lots of good data in your report I'm goingto want to digest a bit offline.

 15:35:34 <skaet> any one have specific questions for fabo?

 15:36:49 <skaet> [TOPIC] Ubuntu One Team -  Chipaca or joshuahoover

 15:37:31 <skaet> hmm,  they don't seem to be around

 15:37:54 <skaet> [TOPIC] Desktop Team update - pitti

 15:38:00 <pitti> Updated GNOME to 3.1.91 (second beta). Just two packages (gnome-screensaver and gnome-user-docs) are behind still, updates in progress.

 15:38:04 <pitti> New compiz/unity release with lots of rebuilds due to yet another libunity ABI break. This finally brings CJK support, works with Qt 4.7.4 (now also uploaded), and fixes two dozen bugs.

 15:38:09 <pitti> pygobject 2.90 transition done, ubiquity fix merged. No known breakage from this any more.

 15:38:12 <pitti> OneConf got broken due to switching software-center to the GTK 3 version, but Didier ported it over, so it's working again.

 15:38:18 <pitti> Did some NBS transitions/portings/package removals to eliminate libpanel-applet2, libnotify1, libcamel-1.2-28, and libevent-1.4-2; waiting for arm/powerpc to catch up until we can fully remove them.

 15:38:23 <pitti> We still have a number of open work items, but most of them are now the "ensure that..", "test that...", "talk to..", and "create blueprint for P..." kind

 15:38:25 <pitti> RC bugs: overview at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/DesktopTeam/ReleaseStatus#rcbugs

 15:38:30 <pitti> Noteworthy are:

 15:38:32 <pitti> * bug 772873: this has been a long-standing issue, and unfortunately we have nobody in the team who is capable of fixing this

 15:38:33 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 772873 in vino (Ubuntu Oneiric) "Vino does not work with compositing" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/772873

 15:38:35 <pitti> * bug 790240: might be postponed to P, not really release critical; OpenJDK still depends on/pulls in the old at-spi bits, but they are now co-installable with at-spi2, so the induced breakage was fixed.

 15:38:36 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 790240 in java-access-bridge (Ubuntu Oneiric) "at-spi needs demotion for oneiric (at-spi2-core in main)" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/790240

 15:38:39 <pitti> ..

 15:39:50 <pitti> oh, btw, there is a known breakage with pygobject, rhythmbox plugins

 15:39:50 <skaet> Thanks pitti!.   Lots of changes!  Good to get the fixes in.

 15:39:55 <pitti> (just learned that some minutes ago)

 15:40:00 <skaet> heh

 15:40:01 <pitti> it's on our radar

 15:40:18 <skaet> goodness.

 15:41:15 <skaet> understood about the vino bug - need to follow up offline with others to see if there are options or not.

 15:41:28 <skaet> any questions for pitti?

 15:41:39 <skaet> [TOPIC] Desktop Experience Team Update - dbarth

 15:41:45 <dbarth_> hiya

 15:41:49 <skaet> :)

 15:41:54 <dbarth_> report at the usual address: https://wiki.ubuntu.com/DesktopExperienceTeam/OneiricReleaseStatus

 15:42:23 <dbarth_> * New Unity 4.14.0 weekly release

 15:42:25 <dbarth_> * 16 bug fixes for 4.12.0, including:

 15:42:26 <dbarth_> * P3: [natty] Cannot click on indicators (LP: #819202)

 15:42:28 <dbarth_> * [dash] Search field in Unity can not support iBus (LP: #663776)

 15:42:29 <dbarth_> * [dash] preferred applications are not stored in GConf anylonger (LP: #805063)

 15:42:31 <dbarth_> * Music Lens doesn't display items until you search (LP: #824892)

 15:42:32 <dbarth_> * Dash - Adjustments to stateful behaviour  (LP: #838667)

 15:42:34 <dbarth_> * cannot paste into dash (particularly relevant for alt+f2) (LP: #736222)

 15:42:35 <dbarth_> * ARM FTBFS fix (LP: #834576)

 15:42:37 <dbarth_> * and 28 new bug fixes for 4.14.0, including

 15:42:38 <dbarth_> * unity crashed with AttributeError in reset_unity_compiz_profile(): 'str' object has no attribute 'get_string' (LP: #809378)

 15:42:40 <dbarth_> * unity-panel-service crashed with SIGSEGV in main_arena() (LP: #817477)

 15:42:41 <dbarth_> * unity-panel-service Leaks Memory (LP: #779185)

 15:42:43 <dbarth_> * Speedup startup time (LP: #842656)

 15:42:44 <dbarth_> * with a hat tip to contributor Treviño who fixed a lot of bug for this release: thanks!

 15:42:46 <dbarth_> * Unity-2d - New 4.6 weekly release

 15:42:47 <dbarth_> * 18 bug fixes for 4.4 including:

 15:42:49 <dbarth_> * several crasher fixes

 15:42:50 <dbarth_> * [panel] Implement whitelisting for legacy tray applet (LP: #707354)

 15:42:52 <dbarth_> * [dash] Invalid UTF-8 in the dash (LP: #836587)

 15:42:53 <dbarth_> * 15 new bug fixes, essentially polish, for 4.6

 15:42:55 <dbarth_> * Weekly release of compiz: 0.9.5.94

 15:42:56 <dbarth_> * Ready for upload on Monday, fixing:

 15:42:58 <dbarth_> * The weekly crop of indicator fixes is impressive https://launchpad.net/unity-foundations/+milestone/oneiric-beta-2

 15:42:59 <dbarth_> * 17 fixes released so far, and 14 new bug fixes committed, including several crasher fixes for the indicator-session service and a lot of adjustments to polish the UI and manage corner cases

 15:43:01 <dbarth_> and finally

 15:43:02 <dbarth_> we have CJK nailed down for good now

 15:43:35 <dbarth_> ibus support, CJK activation patches everywhere (ZG, SC); we're ready for the Asian market

 15:43:37 <dbarth_> ..

 15:44:09 <skaet> Thanks dbarth_ !!   and thanks to the team for all those bug fixes!

 15:44:12 <dbarth_> i've commented on the full list of bug on the release team radar in the report mentioned above

 15:44:26 <dbarth_> will pass the word; thanks

 15:44:46 * skaet looking forward to seeing the CJK start to roll out.  :)

 15:45:13 <skaet> any questions for dbarth_ ?

 15:45:56 <skaet> [TOPIC] Kubuntu Team update - ScottK

 15:46:53 * skaet looks around for ScottK?

 15:47:04 <ScottK> Here now.

 15:47:10 <skaet> :)

 15:47:20 <ScottK> (was on the phone for $WORK)

 15:47:30 <ScottK> Started uploading KDE 4.7.1.

 15:47:36 <ScottK> It's going well, but slowly.

 15:47:43 <ScottK> Should finish today.

 15:47:53 <ScottK> didrocks uploaded Qt 4.7.4 today.

 15:48:07 <ScottK> So that gives us our release versions of these key packages.

 15:48:23 <ScottK> So far so good.

 15:48:47 <ScottK> Seems like good results getting issues from beta 1 resolved.

 15:48:48 <ScottK> ..

 15:49:18 <skaet> Thanks ScottK

 15:49:34 <skaet> how do your arm images look?

 15:50:22 * highvoltage wonders if ScottK will ever post a picture of his arm

 15:50:31 <skaet> lol.  :)

 15:50:35 <ScottK> arm builds are running way behind.

 15:50:46 <ScottK> Due to this rebuild, it takes a long time to get a builder.

 15:51:03 <ScottK> So it's been several days since arm was installable.

 15:51:15 <ScottK> It probably won't be until about Tuesday next week.

 15:51:33 <ScottK> That's a long way of saying, dunno.

 15:51:37 <skaet> was afraid that might be the case for you as well  :(

 15:52:20 <skaet> thanks though for the context.  I'll check with you next Tuesday.

 15:52:39 <skaet> we need to finalize the release manifest about now,  and make some choices.

 15:53:04 <skaet> any other questions for ScottK?

 15:53:04 <ScottK> I'd like to push that to next week if we can.

 15:53:31 <skaet> next Tuesday is next week???  am I misunderstanding something?

 15:54:04 <ScottK> Sometime next week.  Probably more towards the end of the week.

 15:54:15 <ScottK> We won't even start to understand where we are until Tuesday.

 15:54:24 <ScottK> Qt is a 4 day build on armel.

 15:54:39 <skaet> fair enough,  will see where we are around beta freeze time then.

 15:55:25 <skaet> [TOPIC] Edubuntu Team update - stgraber or highvoltage

 15:55:30 <stgraber> Hi everyone!

 15:55:30 <stgraber> Not much to report for Edubuntu this week.

 15:55:30 <stgraber> Sent out a call for translations and got quite a few new translations as a result: http://www.stgraber.org/2011/09/06/help-translate-edubuntu-11-10/

 15:55:34 <stgraber> DVD isn't building at the moment because of a broken langpack (language-pack-kde-my this time). Will poke at it next week if not fixed by then.

 15:55:37 <stgraber> That's about it.

 15:55:40 <stgraber> ..

 15:55:42 <stgraber> Questions?

 15:56:07 <skaet> Thanks stgraber!   Good news on getting the more translators!

 15:56:12 <pitti> stgraber: argh, that again? this keeps sprinting into existence, I need to investigate this

 15:56:21 * pitti remmoved -kde-my at least three times now

 15:56:44 <stgraber> yeah...

 15:56:50 <pitti> stgraber: removing, tomorrow's images should build

 15:57:07 <stgraber> thanks

 15:57:11 <skaet> [TOPIC] Xubuntu Team update - charlie-tca

 15:57:15 <charlie-tca> I would like to say Thank You to all those involved in getting the bugs from Beta1 fixed.

 15:57:17 <charlie-tca> * #819624: "casper doesn't configure autologin for lightdm properly" - mentioned by foundations above.

 15:57:36 <charlie-tca> This should only be for the live sessions, which are working for autologin

 15:58:01 <charlie-tca> We are going to need a couple of FFe's for blueman,

 15:58:05 <charlie-tca> * #831488: Xubuntu should not call gnome-control-center - bluetooth interface is a control-center panel in GNOME3 so it should depends on it. Since gnome-control-center now involves installing most of Gnome3, bluetooth is completely broken for us.

 15:58:33 <charlie-tca> A workaround is to seed blueman and allow it to be used instead of gnome-control-center

 15:58:55 <charlie-tca> ..

 15:59:30 <skaet> Thanks charlie-tca!   and appreciate the head's up on the pending FFE.

 15:59:37 <skaet> any one have questions?

 16:00:01 <skaet> [TOPIC] Lubuntu Team update - gilir

 16:00:12 <gilir> Hi :)

 16:00:16 <skaet> :)

 16:00:20 <gilir> Not much to report this week.

 16:00:29 <gilir> Bugs triaging in progress, nothing horrible so far.

 16:00:40 <gilir> We still need to update the images & the theme of ubiquity slideshow, add some alternate wallpapers, and adjust the size of the ISOs.

 16:00:47 <gilir> And just a quick note that we have now alternate ISO images, a big thank to cjwatson for fixing them, and jibel for testing them a few hours before beta release :)

 16:00:59 <gilir> ..

 16:00:59 <skaet> +1 :)

 16:01:16 <skaet> Thanks gilir!   any questions?

 16:01:56 <skaet> [TOPIC] MOTU team update - tumbleweed

 16:02:08 <tumbleweed> hi

 16:02:31 <tumbleweed> things seem pretty good on the whole. FTBFS packages are way down http://corelli.tumbleweed.org.za/ubuntu-qa/qa-ftbfs/oneiric-historical.html

 16:03:03 <tumbleweed> pitti is looking at the ekiga stack, which looks like it'll all be bumped to new versions

 16:03:12 <tumbleweed> ..

 16:03:16 <pitti> just waiting for another release team member +1

 16:03:19 <pitti> (or -1)

 16:03:36 <tumbleweed> I thought we were looking for someone who knew the affect on asterisk?

 16:03:42 <pitti> that, too

 16:04:18 <skaet> Thanks tumbleweed.  I like that FTBFS chart line.  :)   A bit thank you to all who have been helping with it.

 16:04:21 <broder> pitti, tumbleweed: are you looking for someone? i know i've seen some blog posts from superm1 on asterisk stuff

 16:04:34 <doko> tumbleweed, these numbers are not the real ones ...

 16:04:41 <tumbleweed> doko: yeah, I know

 16:06:10 <skaet> doko,  is there a link that shows an accurate picture?

 16:06:31 <tumbleweed> skaet: doko's rebuild list, http://people.ubuntuwire.org/~wgrant/rebuild-ftbfs-test/test-rebuild-20110816-oneiric.html

 16:06:46 <skaet> thanks tumbleweed

 16:06:50 <pitti> broder: we probably should upload it first, so that it's easier to test asterisk (debian sid has the same versions)

 16:07:10 <doko> or I use https://launchpad.net/ubuntu/+bugs?field.tag=ftbfs+-arm-porting-queue&field.tags_combinator=ALL

 16:07:31 <doko> but now really away

 16:07:34 <skaet> thanks doko

 16:08:05 <pitti> erm, 97.000 tasks? that's four times as many as we even have source packages..

 16:08:22 <pitti> oh, nevermind; /url command fail

 16:08:52 <skaet> thanks doko, tumbleweed.  generally down though, but still a ways to go....

 16:10:00 <skaet> doko, do you have anything additional to add about the toolchain and this, or was it mostly covered in cjwatson's summary?

 16:10:29 <cjwatson> if he's away, I guess he doesn't :-)

 16:11:05 <skaet> :)  indeed.   moving on then.

 16:11:07 <cjwatson> I think it's impossible to reach 0 FTBFS by oneiric release now, but we can drive it down as far as we can and aim for 0 for P release

 16:11:52 * skaet nods

 16:12:00 <skaet> [TOPIC] Server team update - Daviey

 16:13:10 * skaet is hoping Daviey's conflict is resolved now?

 16:13:14 <skaet> hmm....

 16:13:49 <skaet> while we're waiting then, we may as well discuss GNOME 3.1.92

 16:13:58 <skaet> [TOPIC] GNOME 3.1.92

 16:14:11 <skaet> ISSUE: available on 9/19

 16:14:11 <skaet> GOAL: reducing risk of not having Beta 2 image on 9/22

 16:14:11 <skaet> CONCERNS: ARM build time,  side-effects from fixes.

 16:15:01 <skaet> pitti,  any further thoughts on how we can reduce risk?

 16:15:06 <pitti> one strawman compromise was to only update the leaf applications on that Monday

 16:15:19 <pitti> and upload git snapshots of the libraries (glib, gtk etc.) on Thursday or Friday

 16:16:00 <pitti> the applications are fairly harmless, most of the changes are translation updates and a few bug fixes at that time

 16:16:14 <pitti> and apps are reasonably confined to test them before uploading

 16:16:28 <skaet> that should be more manageable.   What will the build time of those applications be like on the arm side?

 16:16:34 <pitti> in theory the librarires might break something subtle, we test them as well, of course, but the risk is higher there

 16:17:24 <pitti> skaet: the worst one is gtk+3.0, the others are fairly harmless (order of an hour, maybe two for large packages like gedit)

 16:17:40 <pitti> gtk takes 5 h on arm

 16:18:00 <pitti> we don't plan another webkit for that day :)

 16:18:38 <skaet> Ok.  Will work with infinity and davidm on seeing what options there are with the builders.  That's better than the 4 day estimate I was dreading.  would we have the option to revert on monday if we encountered some breakage from the libraries over the weekend?

 16:18:47 <pitti> nautilus is the next biggest one, takes 1 h

 16:19:07 <pitti> skaet: yes

 16:19:23 <pitti> we can revert gtk and glib in a turnaround of 7 h (prep, test, build, publish)

 16:19:44 <pitti> (on arm)

 16:19:45 <cjwatson> it would get a bit awkward if there were ABI changes though

 16:19:57 <pitti> cjwatson: GNOME is in ABI/API freeze nwo

 16:20:01 <cjwatson> ok

 16:20:03 <cjwatson> that helps

 16:20:06 <pitti> if gtk/glib change API on Fri/Mon, we'll hold it back

 16:20:35 <pitti> (or any other lib, for that matter -- hello libunity!)

 16:20:54 <skaet> pitti,  seems workable then from the the Ubuntu side.    Will you be the coordination point for it with seb128 on vacation?

 16:21:38 <pitti> skaet: yes, can do; I'll be off on Friday, but I'm happy to prepare the snapshots on Thursday, and package the important apps on Monday

 16:21:47 <pitti> (and delegate/coordinate)

 16:22:04 <skaet> charlie-tca, ScottK, stgraber, gilir - any concerns from your products?

 16:22:29 * ScottK reads backscroll

 16:22:31 <charlie-tca> sure, there is always concern something like this will break the images

 16:23:01 <skaet> pitti,  Thursday upload to correspond to beta freeze would be best if possible.

 16:23:11 <charlie-tca> however, if this needs to be in the final images, it really should be in beta2, for the best testing and the best chance to catch the most serious bugs.

 16:23:19 <pitti> ScottK: tl;dr: important lib snapshots on THursday, update only leaf GNOME apps on monday, no abi/api changes

 16:23:42 <ScottK> I'd update the libs on Monday too.

 16:24:07 <pitti> where "important libs" == glib and gtk mostly; the rest should either have trivial updates, or unimportant ones (I'll check the changes)

 16:24:07 <ScottK> I think that it's slightly higher risk for beta2, but lowers the risk for final release.

 16:24:21 <skaet> ScottK,  we can't build ARM in time then.

 16:24:21 <pitti> git snapshots have a slightly higher risk, of course

 16:24:25 <ScottK> True.

 16:24:33 <pitti> but my jhbuild setup is workign, so I can test git easily

 16:24:48 <pitti> skaet: well, we can, it just gets tight if we have to revert

 16:25:07 <ScottK> The biggest issue, IMO, is that if there are issues and the upstream response is "but you weren't using the latest", then this will cost us about a week and a half.

 16:25:33 <ScottK> You know the upstream better than I do, so I defer to you to evaluate the odds of that.

 16:26:09 <pitti> three days worth of commits, with the weekend in between, shoudln't be too hard to review

 16:26:23 <pitti> so we can still do another upload on Monday, if there was an important fix

 16:26:29 <pitti> and then the delta will be very small

 16:26:35 <ScottK> The only way it's going to affect Kubuntu is if it gets tangled up with some OOo issue.  So it won't affect Kubuntu in any way that won't be way worse on Ubuntu.

 16:27:18 <pitti> right, you just have glib, not much else

 16:27:23 <ScottK> We'll also need to be careful about uploading Qt or OOo on Monday or later.

 16:27:27 <pitti> (I don't think there will be a gstreamer update)

 16:27:39 <pitti> ScottK: that'd definitively be too late

 16:27:48 <pitti> libo -> 3 day arm build

 16:27:54 <pitti> or 2 or so

 16:27:55 <ScottK> Qt 4.7.4 just hit today, so we'll need to keep an eye on it.

 16:28:00 <ScottK> Qt is 4.

 16:29:43 <ScottK> pitti: I expect that if there's any Qt 4.7.4 fallout it's more likely to be with unity-2d.  Upstream Qt gets a lot of testing with KDE, so you all will probably be the victims if there are any issues.

 16:30:19 <skaet> pitti,  I'm not seeing any blockers raised,  so lets go ahead with your proposal.

 16:30:30 <pitti> *nod* I think it was tested from the PPA already, so it shouldn't totally shipwreck

 16:30:52 <ScottK> It was.

 16:31:26 <skaet> I'll work with infinity, NCommander, davidm to see if we can get some more arm builders deployed next week.

 16:31:40 <ScottK> skaet: I forgot to mention that we do still plan a qtwebkit update.  That's the one major infrastructure thing we have left.  That doens't effect unity-2d though.

 16:32:05 <skaet> ScottK,  ack.  when's the ETA?

 16:32:17 <ScottK> Likely over the weekend.

 16:32:27 <skaet> coolio.  earlier the better right now.  :)

 16:32:32 <ScottK> Yep.

 16:32:49 <skaet> Any one else have comments, concerns?

 16:33:25 <pitti> more hamsters for ppc builders

 16:33:43 <skaet> :)

 16:33:55 <skaet> yeah.

 16:33:59 <cjwatson> If anyone is pondering things that require LP changes, it's worth mentioning that their lead time just dropped

 16:34:22 <cjwatson> (The database is now on fastdowntime deployments, so we no longer have the monthly rollout thing)

 16:34:33 <skaet> cjwatson, good point.

 16:34:35 <skaet> thanks!

 16:34:59 <skaet> and with that,   I think we're over so....

 16:35:03 <skaet> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/AlanBell/mootbot)