#title #ubuntu-meeting Meeting

Meeting started by mdz at 18:02:16 UTC.  The full logs are available at
http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2011/ubuntu-meeting.2011-08-25-18.02.log.html
.



== Meeting summary ==

''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/TechnicalBoardAgenda   (mdz, 18:02:24)
''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/TechnicalBoardAgenda   (mdz, 18:02:31)
''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/TechnicalBoardAgenda   (mdz, 18:03:21)
 *Action review

 *UDD bug spam on technical-board@ (mdz)
''LINK:'' https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/technical-board/2011-August/001008.html   (mdz, 18:06:35)
''LINK:'' https://launchpad.net/~udd   (mdz, 18:07:33)

 *AOB

 *Membership Council voting procedures
''LINK:'' https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/technical-board/2011-July/000998.html   (mdz, 18:09:46)

 *AOB



Meeting ended at 18:18:07 UTC.



== Votes ==




== Action items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * mdz (46)
 * pitti (25)
 * cjwatson (16)
 * meetingology (9)
 * charlie-tca (2)



== Full Log ==


 18:02:16 <mdz> #startmeeting

 18:02:16 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Aug 25 18:02:16 2011 UTC.  The chair is mdz. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/AlanBell/mootbot.

 18:02:16 <meetingology> Useful Commands: #topic #action #link #idea #voters #vote #chair #action #agreed #help #info #endmeeting.

 18:02:24 <mdz> https://wiki.ubuntu.com/TechnicalBoardAgenda

 18:02:31 <mdz> #link https://wiki.ubuntu.com/TechnicalBoardAgenda

 18:02:39 <mdz> meetingology, you're confusing

 18:02:39 <meetingology> mdz: Error: "you're" is not a valid command.

 18:02:44 <mdz> meetingology, #link https://wiki.ubuntu.com/TechnicalBoardAgenda

 18:02:44 <meetingology> mdz: Error: "#link" is not a valid command.

 18:02:53 <mdz> you just told me it was a useful command!

 18:03:21 <mdz> [link] https://wiki.ubuntu.com/TechnicalBoardAgenda

 18:03:27 <charlie-tca> the links happen without feedback now

 18:03:31 <mdz> I see

 18:03:35 <pitti> so the [foo] syntax is gone?

 18:03:37 <mdz> [topic] Action review

 18:03:37 <meetingology> TOPIC: Action review

 18:03:43 <charlie-tca> still usable

 18:03:44 <mdz> The only action is for cjwatson and he couldn't make it to the meeting

 18:03:46 <pitti> ah, apparently not

 18:03:54 <mdz> he sent in a draft of the brainstorm review topics though

 18:03:58 <mdz> and I sent him some feedback

 18:04:07 <pitti> he picked some interesting ones

 18:04:31 <mdz> looked like a good list

 18:04:34 <mdz> [topic] UDD bug spam on technical-board@ (mdz)

 18:04:34 <meetingology> TOPIC: UDD bug spam on technical-board@ (mdz)

 18:04:45 <mdz> in scanning the mailing list for this meeting, I noticed there was a lot of bug spam

 18:04:46 <pitti> ooh, yes, that's bothering

 18:04:59 <pitti> discard_if_subject /developer-membership-board (moderator request|post)|\[Merge\]|\[Blueprint /

 18:05:01 <pitti> discard_if_from /developer-membership-board/

 18:05:03 <pitti> discard_if_from noreply@launchpad.net

 18:05:06 <pitti> ^ in case it's useful for you, too

 18:05:11 <mdz> heh

 18:05:12 <pitti> I have that in my .listadmin

 18:05:17 <mdz> can we fix it further upstream?

 18:05:22 <pitti> but I don't filter the UDD bugs

 18:05:31 <pitti> as sometimes there might be a legitimate reason to get bug mail on the list

 18:05:36 <mdz> right

 18:05:41 <mdz> but these bugs don't need to go out to t-b

 18:05:51 <mdz> we're getting them because techboard is the owner of the udd team or something

 18:06:10 <pitti> right

 18:06:20 <pitti> I meant, there might be bugs where people subscribe the TB to

 18:06:35 <mdz> example:

 18:06:35 <mdz> https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/technical-board/2011-August/001008.html

 18:06:43 <mdz> You received this bug notification because you are a member of Ubuntu

 18:06:45 <mdz> Distributed Development Developers, which is subscribed to Ubuntu

 18:06:45 <mdz> Distributed Development.

 18:07:17 <cjwatson> (I'm here for a bit after all, unless I get called away.)  techboard could continue to be the owner of udd without being an actual member of it

 18:07:22 <cjwatson> I think that might fix it

 18:07:33 <mdz> https://launchpad.net/~udd

 18:07:45 <cjwatson> Shall I try that?

 18:07:57 <pitti> oh, please

 18:08:01 <cjwatson> I'm an administrator of that team independently, so I can restore the previous state if it goes wrong

 18:08:07 <cjwatson> oh, no, I'm merely a member

 18:08:11 * pitti cleans the list backlog in the meantime

 18:08:17 <mdz> currently techboard is owner and member (admin)

 18:08:19 <cjwatson> but I'm sure that James or Martin or Robert can help if necessary

 18:08:45 <mdz> deactivated

 18:08:55 <cjwatson> beat me to it

 18:08:57 <mdz> [topic] AOB

 18:08:57 <meetingology> TOPIC: AOB

 18:08:59 <mdz> any other topics?

 18:09:07 <pitti> 28.07.11 21:23 Kees Cook         Membership Council voting procedures

 18:09:12 <pitti> is there still something to be done for this?

 18:09:22 <mdz> [topic] Membership Council voting procedures

 18:09:22 <meetingology> TOPIC: Membership Council voting procedures

 18:09:23 <pitti> I missed the past few meetings due to holiday, conference, etc.

 18:09:46 <mdz> [link] https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/technical-board/2011-July/000998.html

 18:10:00 <mdz> I only looked for items since the previous meeting

 18:10:18 <mdz> AFAIK it is in the CC's court now

 18:10:39 <pitti> ah, ok

 18:10:45 <pitti> just wanted to know the current status of this

 18:11:22 <mdz> [topic] AOB

 18:11:22 <meetingology> TOPIC: AOB

 18:12:00 <cjwatson> thanks for your feedback on my brainstorm mail, mdz

 18:12:03 <mdz> np

 18:12:20 <cjwatson> what did you mean about "disable by default for good reasons"?  you mean not playing a login sound?

 18:12:57 <pitti> btw, we got clearance for this for oneiric

 18:13:01 <pitti> we'll disable it by default

 18:13:03 <pitti> at last!

 18:13:45 <mdz> cjwatson, I mean sounds for events in general

 18:13:49 <cjwatson> I expect some people will still choose to turn it back on; presumably at least some of those who voted for that brainstorm item actually like having sound

 18:13:50 <mdz> I think the login sound is the sole exception for accessibility

 18:14:05 <mdz> pitti, oh? nice

 18:14:18 <mdz> that makes the sound theme a niche concern IMHO

 18:14:43 <mdz> I think most people don't turn it on

 18:14:54 <mdz> (proof by assumption)

 18:15:04 <pitti> or, rather, turn it off

 18:15:07 <cjwatson> I was trying not to apply very much editorial discretion to that list, TBH; I just picked the top ten

 18:15:20 <cjwatson> did either of you apply any manual selection before?

 18:15:25 <mdz> cjwatson, sure, I wasn't questioning the selection

 18:15:28 <mdz> just the suggested response type

 18:15:35 <cjwatson> ah, I see

 18:15:46 <cjwatson> right, you mean it's maybe not worth a big push to fix

 18:15:48 <pitti> cjwatson: mildly; I looked at the top 15 and discarded the ones which seemed totally unrealistic

 18:15:51 <cjwatson> ok, I can go with that

 18:16:15 <cjwatson> it interested me that a unity lens was the top suggestion

 18:17:23 <mdz> any other business for the meeting?

 18:18:07 <mdz> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.4 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/AlanBell/mootbot)