#title #ubuntu-meeting Meeting

Meeting started by jdstrand at 18:00:28 UTC.  The full logs are
available at
http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2011/ubuntu-meeting.2011-11-14-18.00.log.html
.



== Meeting summary ==

''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting   (jdstrand, 18:00:35)
 *Weekly stand-up report

 *Highlighted packages
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/samhain.html   (jdstrand, 18:13:15)
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/phpgroupware.html   (jdstrand, 18:13:18)
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/tangerine.html   (jdstrand, 18:13:21)
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/php-htmlpurifier.html   (jdstrand, 18:13:24)
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/lft.html   (jdstrand, 18:13:27)

 *Miscellaneous and Questions



Meeting ended at 18:17:34 UTC.



== Votes ==




== Action items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * jdstrand (28)
 * mdeslaur (7)
 * sbeattie (6)
 * tyhicks (5)
 * jjohansen (4)
 * meetingology (3)



== Full Log ==


 18:00:28 <jdstrand> #startmeeting

 18:00:28 <meetingology> Meeting started Mon Nov 14 18:00:28 2011 UTC.  The chair is jdstrand. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/AlanBell/mootbot.

 18:00:28 <meetingology> 

 18:00:28 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 18:00:34 <jdstrand> The meeting agenda can be found at:

 18:00:35 <jdstrand> [LINK] https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting

 18:00:58 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Weekly stand-up report

 18:01:02 <jdstrand> I'll go first

 18:01:14 <jdstrand> I'm on triage this week

 18:01:41 <jdstrand> I've got an (unfortunately massive kde) update I will be testing

 18:02:08 <jdstrand> then another update I am working on, and several more in the queue after that

 18:02:35 <jdstrand> I plan to work with mdeslaur and the team to help get our blueprints/work items in order

 18:02:47 <jdstrand> I also have some MIR audits to get to

 18:02:52 <jdstrand> mdeslaur: you're next

 18:03:02 <mdeslaur> I'm currently testing my quagga update

 18:03:08 <mdeslaur> should get published this afternoon

 18:03:16 <mdeslaur> after that, I have some embargoed issues to look after

 18:03:28 <mdeslaur> and need to play with the blueprints/work items

 18:03:32 <mdeslaur> that's it for me this week

 18:03:34 <mdeslaur> sbeattie: you're up

 18:03:56 <sbeattie> I'm on triage this week

 18:04:03 <sbeattie> err s/triage/community/

 18:04:28 <sbeattie> I'm also testing an openjdk update, to hopefully publish later today

 18:04:45 <sbeattie> after that I've got more issues in the pipe

 18:05:12 <sbeattie> I think that's it for me

 18:05:16 <sbeattie> micahg: poke

 18:05:40 <jdstrand> I think micahg won't be attending the meeting

 18:05:46 <tyhicks> I'll go

 18:05:54 <tyhicks> I'm in the happy place this week

 18:06:10 <tyhicks> My focus this week will be on my update queue

 18:06:34 <tyhicks> I've got a small start on a freetype update and will then pick others after that

 18:06:42 <tyhicks> jjohansen: You're up

 18:08:44 <jjohansen> well, its more kernel work flow learning for me, and trying to finish up the environment variable filtering prototype for people to play with, and get more of the permission base rework done on apparmor

 18:09:14 <jdstrand> jjohansen: I have a high priority todo item to comment on your env filtering emails

 18:10:07 <jjohansen> jdstrand: sure /me was expecting it, but was trying to get a prototype out this weekend

 18:10:54 * jjohansen expects mostly minor changes, like syntax etc, the how to will remain largely the same

 18:11:28 <jjohansen> thats it for me, so micahg your up

 18:12:46 <jdstrand> I think he is not here

 18:12:48 <jdstrand> let's move on

 18:12:57 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Highlighted packages

 18:13:05 <jdstrand> The Ubuntu Security team will highlight some community-supported packages that might be good candidates for updating and or triaging. If you would like to help Ubuntu and not sure where to start, this is a great way to do so.

 18:13:09 <jdstrand> See https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/UpdateProcedures for details and if you have any questions, feel free to ask in #ubuntu-security. To find out other ways of helping out, please see https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/GettingInvolved.

 18:13:15 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/samhain.html

 18:13:18 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/phpgroupware.html

 18:13:21 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/tangerine.html

 18:13:24 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/php-htmlpurifier.html

 18:13:27 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/lft.html

 18:13:34 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Miscellaneous and Questions

 18:13:49 <jdstrand> This week we need to have our blueprints and work items in order. Please have them done no later than Friday. We can work together to make sure this happens

 18:14:17 <jdstrand> Does anyone have any other questions or items to discuss?

 18:15:17 <mdeslaur> nope! :P

 18:17:32 <jdstrand> Thanks mdeslaur, sbeattie, tyhicks and jjohansen! :)

 18:17:34 <jdstrand> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/AlanBell/mootbot)