#title #ubuntu-meeting Meeting

Meeting started by jdstrand at 17:07:09 UTC.  The full logs are
available at
http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2011/ubuntu-meeting.2011-08-15-17.07.log.html
.



== Meeting summary ==

''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting   (jdstrand, 17:07:20)
 *Review of any previous action items

 *Weekly stand-up report

 *Highlighted packages
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/kolab-cyrus-imapd.html   (jdstrand, 17:23:09)
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/audacity.html   (jdstrand, 17:23:14)
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/neon26.html   (jdstrand, 17:23:19)
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/xymon.html   (jdstrand, 17:23:23)
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/monkeysphere.html   (jdstrand, 17:23:27)

 *Miscellaneous and Questions
''LINK:'' http://git.kernel.org/?p=linux/kernel/git/torvalds/linux.git;a=commit;h=72fa59970f8698023045ab0713d66f3f4f96945c   (bliss, 17:27:59)



Meeting ended at 17:31:57 UTC.



== Votes ==




== Action items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * jdstrand (48)
 * kees (13)
 * mdeslaur (11)
 * micahg (10)
 * bliss (8)
 * sbeattie (8)
 * meetingology (7)



== Full Log ==


 17:07:09 <jdstrand> #startmeeting

 17:07:09 <meetingology> Meeting started Mon Aug 15 17:07:09 2011 UTC.  The chair is jdstrand. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/AlanBell/mootbot.

 17:07:09 <meetingology> Useful Commands: #topic #action #link #idea #voters #vote #chair #action #agreed #help #info #endmeeting.

 17:07:19 <jdstrand> The meeting agenda can be found at:

 17:07:20 <jdstrand> [LINK] https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting

 17:07:24 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Review of any previous action items

 17:07:24 <meetingology> TOPIC: Review of any previous action items

 17:07:44 <jdstrand> huh, that's new

 17:07:47 <kees> yeah

 17:07:50 <jdstrand> meetingology: hello

 17:07:50 <meetingology> jdstrand: Error: "hello" is not a valid command.

 17:08:01 <jdstrand> anyhoo

 17:08:19 <jdstrand> seems we don't have any ACTION items from last week, so moving on

 17:08:25 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Weekly stand-up report

 17:08:25 <meetingology> TOPIC: Weekly stand-up report

 17:08:30 <jdstrand> I'll go first

 17:08:44 <jdstrand> so, I am back after my tour of the southern US

 17:09:04 <jdstrand> as such, I am dealing with quite a bit of backlog (email, et al)

 17:09:28 <jdstrand> in addition to that, I have some dbus/apparmor stuff to get back to

 17:09:40 <jdstrand> (sorry I didn't get dbus uploaded before FF)

 17:10:00 <jdstrand> I saw a few Oneiric apparmor profile bugs come in, so I'll fix those

 17:10:09 <jdstrand> and then a bunch of archive admin catch-up

 17:10:32 <jdstrand> I may pick up an update, but have a feeling I will not get to it

 17:10:40 <jdstrand> that's it from me

 17:10:44 <jdstrand> kees: you're up

 17:11:03 <kees> okay, I'm on triage

 17:11:18 <kees> and since I didn't get much triage done last week, this week will have more! :)

 17:11:46 <kees> the kernel bug sync tools are in good shape now; they implement everything apw and I have identified as needing to be implemented.

 17:11:58 <jdstrand> kees: nice!

 17:12:18 <kees> but I'll continue to keep an eye on it for tweaks. after that, I seriously need to get a handle on my work items

 17:12:35 <kees> the graphing stuff just keeps slipping

 17:12:42 <kees> in other news, kvm is now PIE

 17:12:56 <bliss> why bother, nobody would waste their time writing a kvm exploit

 17:13:12 <kees> bliss: your join and that comment were perfectly timed!

 17:13:19 * bliss bows

 17:13:20 <kees> anyway, that's it from me. mdeslaur is up!

 17:13:24 <jdstrand> re kvm> woohoo

 17:13:25 <mdeslaur> hiya!

 17:13:27 <jdstrand> :)

 17:13:28 <bliss> when will ax25d be PIE?

 17:13:46 * mdeslaur points troll finger at bliss

 17:13:58 <mdeslaur> so, I justpublished two updates

 17:14:03 <mdeslaur> and I _still_ have foomatic to test

 17:14:15 <mdeslaur> I'm currently working on some new stuff for vm-new

 17:14:21 <mdeslaur> and will also go down the list

 17:14:26 <mdeslaur> that's it from me

 17:14:28 <mdeslaur> sbeattie: you're up

 17:14:47 <kees> (oh, did a ton of MIR work last week. there is still more to do...)

 17:14:55 <sbeattie> I'm still wading through email after having most of last week off.

 17:15:01 <sbeattie> I'm on community this week.

 17:15:26 <sbeattie> and I have two days of holiday at the end of this week.

 17:15:54 <sbeattie> I also need to untangle my work items and do more stuff on the apparmor front.

 17:16:09 <sbeattie> that's pretty much it for me.

 17:16:16 <sbeattie> micahg: over to you

 17:16:41 <micahg> should be publishing a long overdue webkit update today

 17:16:50 <sbeattie> \o/

 17:16:52 <jdstrand> \o/

 17:16:55 <micahg> on track to release Firefox and Thunderbird tomorrow with upstream

 17:17:00 <mdeslaur> \o/

 17:17:04 <jdstrand> micahg: awesome :)

 17:17:31 <micahg> when that's all done, the last chromium update broke html5 on maverick and natty, so I've held off on publishing

 17:17:49 <jdstrand> micahg: is upstream aware of it?

 17:18:14 <micahg> idk, I tried to ask in their support channel yesterday w/no response, will try later today

 17:18:25 <jdstrand> grr..

 17:18:34 <micahg> weekend is understandable :)

 17:19:31 <micahg> later this week, I need to discuss with pitti about Maverick migrating to Firefox 6 w/the final langpack update

 17:20:14 <micahg> I'd like to have 6 go through proposed/updates, then 7 will go through -security

 17:20:15 <jdstrand> micahg: does that mean lucid will get firefox 6 soon?

 17:20:41 <micahg> jdstrand: not necessarily, I'm still waiting on upstream's plans for 3.6.x EOL

 17:20:50 <jdstrand> makes sense

 17:21:16 <jdstrand> though, since maverick and lucid have the same release, I wonder if it is worth the effort there

 17:21:21 <micahg> this is driven by the end of langpack updates for maverick which is needed for the rapid release migration

 17:21:22 <jdstrand> (ie, on maverick)

 17:21:35 <jdstrand> ah

 17:22:33 <micahg> so, that's it for me

 17:22:41 <jdstrand> thanks

 17:22:50 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Highlighted packages

 17:22:50 <meetingology> TOPIC: Highlighted packages

 17:23:00 <jdstrand> The Ubuntu Security team will highlight some community-supported packages that might be good candidates for updating and or triaging. If you would like to help Ubuntu and not sure where to start, this is a great way to do so. See https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/UpdateProcedures for details and if you have any questions, feel free to ask in #ubuntu-security.

 17:23:09 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/kolab-cyrus-imapd.html

 17:23:14 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/audacity.html

 17:23:19 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/neon26.html

 17:23:23 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/xymon.html

 17:23:27 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/monkeysphere.html

 17:23:36 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Miscellaneous and Questions

 17:23:36 <meetingology> TOPIC: Miscellaneous and Questions

 17:23:44 <jdstrand> Does anyone have any other questions or items to discuss?

 17:25:26 * bliss cheers for acceptance of patch that prevents missing setuid return code checks from being root holes

 17:25:43 <mdeslaur> bliss: where?

 17:25:46 <jdstrand> oh, neat

 17:25:50 <jdstrand> where is that?

 17:25:53 <bliss> upstream kernel, let me find link

 17:26:07 <sbeattie> cool!

 17:27:08 <kees> bliss: is this segoon's work?

 17:27:11 <bliss> yeah

 17:27:59 <bliss> http://git.kernel.org/?p=linux/kernel/git/torvalds/linux.git;a=commit;h=72fa59970f8698023045ab0713d66f3f4f96945c

 17:28:26 <kees> oh! excellent.

 17:29:12 <mdeslaur> nice

 17:29:41 <jdstrand> rockin'

 17:30:26 <jdstrand> anything else?

 17:30:30 <bliss> i guess stealth will have to find a new vuln class to root android kernels with

 17:30:37 <kees> heh

 17:31:50 <jdstrand> alrighty then

 17:31:55 <jdstrand> thanks everyone!

 17:31:57 <jdstrand> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.4 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/AlanBell/mootbot)