#title #ubuntu-meeting Meeting

Meeting started by wendar at 18:06:28 UTC.  The full logs are available
at
http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2011/ubuntu-meeting.2011-10-28-18.06.log.html
.



== Meeting summary ==

 *Review action items
''LINK:'' http://wiki.ubuntu.com/AppReviewBoard/Agenda   (wendar, 18:06:43)
''LINK:'' http://people.debian.org/~bap/dfsg-faq.html   (wendar, 18:21:19)
''LINK:'' http://opensource.org/docs/osd   (wendar, 18:22:03)
''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu-app-review-board/+bug/881515/comments/4   (ajmitch, 18:47:03)
''LINK:'' https://blueprints.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+spec/community-p-app-review-board   (wendar, 18:56:52)



Meeting ended at 19:03:59 UTC.



== Votes ==




== Action items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * wendar (128)
 * ajmitch (65)
 * coolbhavi (22)
 * meetingology (3)
 * ubottu (1)



== Full Log ==


 18:06:28 <wendar> #startmeeting

 18:06:28 <meetingology> Meeting started Fri Oct 28 18:06:28 2011 UTC.  The chair is wendar. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/AlanBell/mootbot.

 18:06:28 <meetingology> 

 18:06:28 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 18:06:43 <wendar> [TOPIC] Review action items

 18:06:43 <wendar> [LINK] http://wiki.ubuntu.com/AppReviewBoard/Agenda

 18:06:56 * ajmitch has not found any that are really ready to be voted on yet

 18:07:37 <wendar> We notified all old applications of the Oneiric update, so we can mark that done.

 18:08:08 * coolbhavi is a bit new to this so getting into grips with it now

 18:08:36 <wendar> IIRC, the notice about old archive contents being copied over was taken care of, but stgraber was going to double-check on the longer-term implications

 18:09:23 <wendar> that is, right now, our process is that we don't put anything into the archive of the development release, so it's always empty when the new archive for the next development release is created

 18:10:07 <ajmitch> which is why there's no precise directory on extras.ubuntu.com/ubuntu/dists/

 18:11:16 <coolbhavi> hmm

 18:12:21 <ajmitch> so we've got a lot of new submissions for oneiric now, not all of them are great

 18:12:35 <wendar> yes

 18:13:25 <wendar> you've done some scanning this week

 18:13:31 <ajmitch> do we want to run through the list here, or just talk about general problems with them?

 18:13:57 <wendar> if we have any ready to go (I think not?) we can review here

 18:14:16 <wendar> but, general problems is probably more useful now

 18:14:32 <wendar> I noted a few of them in the reviewer instruction documents

 18:14:50 <wendar> source tarballs that can't be built

 18:15:01 <wendar> and binary packages instead of source packages

 18:15:20 <ajmitch> closest that I have ready to go are the askubuntu-lens again, blocked on a SRU which was uploaded to -proposed this week, and maybe harmonySEQ if the permission problems with it can be sorted (/dev/snd/seq)

 18:15:43 <ajmitch> the common problem with java submissions is submitting a tarball full of .jar files

 18:16:12 <ajmitch> one of those which I saw is even in a PPA like that, where the source package has multiple .jar files & debian/install to copy them into place

 18:16:32 <wendar> yeah

 18:16:51 <wendar> the short term solution is to individually guide developers to what we're looking for

 18:17:03 <wendar> but, longer term, we need documentation on these pieces

 18:17:08 <ajmitch> that problem is solvable, but they bundle a *lot* of upstream .jar files with differing licenses, not all of which are compatible

 18:17:16 <wendar> so, the developers can reach what we need independently

 18:17:40 <coolbhavi> I have a small input here

 18:17:43 <ajmitch> educating developers on license compatibility is probably trickier than some technical documentation

 18:17:58 <wendar> coolbhavi: yes, that's great, go ahead

 18:18:50 <wendar> coolbhavi: new ideas are much needed and greatly appreciated :)

 18:19:00 <coolbhavi> yes how about a elaborate explanation of dfsg and free licenses on a wiki page such that devs understand in a simple language?

 18:19:44 <wendar> it'd be useful to have something like that on developer.ubuntu.com

 18:20:04 <wendar> we have longer explanations in the Ubuntu and Debian documentation

 18:20:18 <wendar> but, if we can find a way to teach it more simply, that'd be great

 18:20:27 <ajmitch> you'd probably want to link to something like http://www.gnu.org/licenses/licenses.html

 18:21:02 <coolbhavi> yes might be too trivial but I guess covering main parts of licenses so that it gets in a simplified language to help devs

 18:21:19 <wendar> http://people.debian.org/~bap/dfsg-faq.html

 18:22:03 <wendar> http://opensource.org/docs/osd

 18:22:04 <coolbhavi> would be hepful... something similar or a link on developer.ubuntu.com might help

 18:22:39 <wendar> I think a combination of a clear and short explanation, with links to "more reading" at the bottom might be good

 18:22:54 <coolbhavi> +1 here

 18:22:58 <ajmitch> that reminds me of the point I added on the arb blueprint - looking over developer.ubuntu.com & making sure that documentation is clear, and that it matches the processes

 18:23:17 <wendar> coolbhavi: you'll be here at UDS next week?

 18:23:29 <coolbhavi> yes m flying tomorrow

 18:23:37 <coolbhavi> ll be there :)

 18:23:54 <wendar> coolbhavi: great, I can connect you with David Planella, this is something we could get done this cycle

 18:24:06 <coolbhavi> sure wendar

 18:24:17 <wendar> ajmitch: yes, an overall review of developer.ubuntu.com is needed

 18:24:35 <wendar> ajmitch: I've found a few spots (like the description of the ARB) that need some updates

 18:24:55 <wendar> ajmitch: not huge updates, but bits and pieces

 18:25:20 <ajmitch> yeah, things like app submission assuming that everything should have a price

 18:25:31 <wendar> yup

 18:26:36 <ajmitch> we'll need to sort out, probably in a dicussion at UDSm how much hand-holding & work we're going to do

 18:26:38 <wendar> I'll add those two as action items, and as topics for the session next week

 18:26:48 <wendar> yes, that too

 18:27:11 <coolbhavi> Or why not make a check in the portal itself if its a free license or not ... If not the portal shouldnt allow someone to submit apps

 18:27:33 <ajmitch> coolbhavi: I think it already does that

 18:27:58 <wendar> it checks whether they say it's a free license

 18:28:03 <ajmitch> because the reviewing process is used for both commercial/proprietary & ARB apps

 18:28:16 <wendar> the ARB doesn't even look at it unless it's marked as a free software license

 18:28:30 <wendar> but, developers don't always understand what's needed

 18:28:42 <wendar> or, may have license problems internally

 18:28:50 <wendar> (that they didn't realize they had)

 18:28:55 <coolbhavi> Oh okay I still do  not have proper access to the portal so I havent checked

 18:28:58 <ajmitch> right, they can put a copy of the GPL in their tarball, but not submit source along with it

 18:29:13 <ajmitch> nor do I, I'm just going from the public parts that I can see :)

 18:29:19 <wendar> coolbhavi: yes, we'll get access set up next week

 18:29:35 <wendar> the new ARB queue is set up now

 18:29:38 <coolbhavi> great

 18:29:41 <wendar> it has nothing in it now

 18:29:41 <ajmitch> will they still be copied into LP bugs?

 18:29:50 <wendar> but, we'll start moving things into it

 18:30:07 <wendar> ajmitch: we should be able to stop copying to LP bugs now

 18:30:19 <wendar> ajmitch: which will help a lot :)

 18:30:33 <ajmitch> ok, then is there a way that I could get a list of the queue withouth screenscraping developer.ubuntu.com? :)

 18:30:51 <wendar> but, I haven't run an app all the way through the new process yet

 18:31:06 <wendar> ajmitch: a list of the queue?

 18:31:09 * ajmitch is using lplib at the moment to pull the list of bugs & make sure that there are notes locally or at least an entry about them on my local system

 18:31:31 <ajmitch> just something I hacked up very quickly to make sure that I can keep on top of them

 18:31:35 <coolbhavi> ajmitch, something like sponsors queue?

 18:31:54 <wendar> what MyApps has now is a first approximation of our process

 18:32:09 <wendar> so, we'll need to try it out, and let the developers know if/where we need changes

 18:32:33 <ajmitch> wendar: right, I've subscribed to the developerportal bugs, I'll file them there

 18:32:55 <wendar> ajmitch: ah, cool, sounds like a useful tool

 18:33:25 <ajmitch> just looking at the list, there are a couple there that were up for review on the debian-mentors list, but didn't get anywhere

 18:33:32 <wendar> ajmitch: so, I'm sitting in a session right now on how we get good reports on how the queues are doing, and keep on top of them

 18:33:40 <ajmitch> wendar: ok :)

 18:33:58 <coolbhavi> :)

 18:34:03 <wendar> ajmitch: so, it's very llikely we can get what you need from that tool built into the web interface

 18:34:11 <ajmitch> that would be nice

 18:35:02 <wendar> ajmitch: yeah, I want to make sure we don't fall back into REVU, where submissions sit for months or years without progress :(

 18:35:39 <wendar> it's a real risk, we're already falling behind the rate of submission :(

 18:36:09 <ajmitch> wendar: the one I'm looking at, openssn, even has packaging in the debian pkg-games repository which is closer to what we need than what was submitted to the ARB

 18:36:34 <wendar> interesting

 18:36:47 <ajmitch> I wonder if we should try & work with some of these to get them into debian

 18:36:50 <wendar> so, maybe the best recommendation is to help him get it into debian?

 18:36:53 <wendar> aye

 18:36:59 <wendar> I think that's quite valuable

 18:37:11 <wendar> help them find contacts or sponsors in Debian

 18:37:27 <ajmitch> grub-customizer fails the 'no system apps' part of the checklist, was also on REVU & on mentors.debian.net

 18:37:28 <wendar> also, I'm a DM and lfaraone is a DD

 18:37:58 * ajmitch is a DD, not sure about the others

 18:38:14 <wendar> ajmitch: yeah, it modifies a pretty fundamental part of the system

 18:38:41 <wendar> we can ask cjwatson about it, and see if it's likely to have any chance in Debian

 18:38:43 <ajmitch> apart from that, it'd be nice to get in, get it synced to precise & then into -backports

 18:39:18 <wendar> yeah, if the code is good, I can see it being a valuable tool

 18:39:44 <wendar> it needs a grub-knowledgable sponsor

 18:39:49 <ajmitch> we also had listed somewherewe had listed somewhere a general guideline for size of applications, is that still around?

 18:39:59 <wendar> it's not a hard rule

 18:40:07 <ajmitch> sorry if I'm a bit all over the place this morning :)

 18:40:10 <wendar> but ~10,000 lines

 18:40:30 <wendar> ajmitch: np, that's what the IRC sessions are for, gathering "other business"

 18:40:50 <ajmitch> rstudio will need to go into the distro then, sloccount said it was about 100k

 18:41:17 <ajmitch> it's a mix of C++ & java, currently has no packaging

 18:41:28 <wendar> ah, that would be too bad, it's one of the best apps we've gotten :(

 18:41:36 <ajmitch> yeah

 18:41:52 <ajmitch> I was just surprised at the size of it

 18:41:56 <wendar> if it's clean code, and non risky, it could still be fine

 18:42:43 <wendar> (like, it's not modifying core systems, making network connections, etc)

 18:42:45 <ajmitch> it could be, but someone would need to step up & do the packaging - the java part is for a GWT web frontend

 18:42:50 <wendar> yeah, I'm surprized

 18:43:29 <wendar> iamfuzz said he'd be willing to do the packaging for it

 18:43:35 <ajmitch> great

 18:44:32 <ajmitch> though I still feel that something of that size & quality may be a better fit for the distro, rather than something to copy over every 6 months :)

 18:45:20 <wendar> yeah, it seems like the kind of thing we should mentor to move up into Debian

 18:45:32 <wendar> I think the developer would be open to that

 18:45:47 <wendar> but, getting it into extras for Oneiric is a good easy introduction

 18:45:53 <ajmitch> rstudio was the one where the submitter asked about building against newer versions of boost & qt - both of which aren't available yet in the distro

 18:46:28 <wendar> ah, I hadn't read the follow-up on that one

 18:46:37 <wendar> so, the versions in Oneiric weren't sufficient?

 18:46:44 <wendar> (I asked, didn't see the answer yet)

 18:46:56 <ajmitch> they're sufficiant for now

 18:47:03 <ajmitch> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu-app-review-board/+bug/881515/comments/4

 18:47:04 <wendar> looking at his README, it looked like the versions in Oneiric were what he needed

 18:47:04 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 881515 in Ubuntu Application Review Board "Application Review Request: rstudio-v0.94" [Undecided,New]

 18:47:32 <wendar> ah, got it

 18:47:40 <wendar> so, the answer to that is "no, it's not possible"

 18:47:52 <ajmitch> I would not want to ever allow apps to bundle newer versions of libraries like that

 18:48:02 <wendar> so, we'd have to hold off updating in the distribution until the library is updated

 18:48:39 <wendar> ajmitch: want me to take that one?

 18:48:45 <ajmitch> sure

 18:50:01 <wendar> will do

 18:50:01 <ajmitch> it's going to be hard to keep track of who's looking at what if we split them up between us

 18:50:29 <wendar> the shepherd idea we used before helped with that

 18:50:37 <wendar> but, it also meant some submissions got no attention

 18:50:45 <wendar> if the shepherd ran out of time

 18:50:55 <wendar> something to talk about next week

 18:51:20 <wendar> (and, I'm not sure how that'll work out in the new interface)

 18:51:28 <wendar> I had a thought this week

 18:51:35 <ajmitch> depending on when the uds session is, I may not be able to attend remotely

 18:51:40 <wendar> do you know how the patch pilot's program works?

 18:52:05 <ajmitch> a roster of people who look at the sponsoring queue & pick items off it

 18:52:09 <wendar> instead of assigning responsibility by submission, we do it by time

 18:52:11 <wendar> yeah

 18:52:23 <wendar> a person agrees to a particular 4-hour period once a month

 18:52:33 <wendar> and, in that time they're available to answer questions

 18:52:34 <ajmitch> we'd probably want to track when something was last touched

 18:52:45 <wendar> and work through as much of the queue as possible

 18:53:12 <wendar> yup, we'd have to make sure there was available info on what had been done

 18:53:19 <wendar> so, the next pilot could pick it up

 18:53:23 <ajmitch> with LP we can set bugs to incomplete if we're waiting for info, and it lists the last changed on the overview page

 18:53:25 <coolbhavi> why dont have a wiki page with all the TODO's and updates and ownerships to be updated every week maybe and the responsibility of updation is owned up by someone so we can have a spoc maintainability of tracker?

 18:53:38 <wendar> ajmitch: the new system has that too

 18:53:45 <ajmitch> wendar: great, was about to ask that

 18:53:57 <wendar> it gets hidden from the list needing review

 18:54:03 <wendar> until the developer responds

 18:54:43 <wendar> coolbhavi: that's a good idea, especially the interface we get isn't quite good enough to start with

 18:54:43 <ajmitch> coolbhavi: it may work, just depends on how awkward it is to keep in sync with new submissions

 18:55:02 <ajmitch> we've obviously seen quite a few new submissions since the new site went up

 18:55:02 <wendar> coolbhavi: it can be a pain to manually update, so hopefully we can automate that quickly

 18:55:32 <wendar> ideally, it'd be a report page in the interface, with no manual maintenance work

 18:55:49 <ajmitch> the simple tool that I hacked up is dead simple it just reads the statuses & bug links out of a .yaml file :)

 18:56:07 <wendar> ajmitch: cool

 18:56:11 <ajmitch> yaml just because it's close to freeform text

 18:56:12 <coolbhavi> yes thats another part as we get more active, submissions will increase I guess. Agreed.

 18:56:16 <wendar> I haven't been updating statuses

 18:56:39 <wendar> (I have that on our list to talk about next week too, although we might not need it if we're switching away from LP)

 18:56:47 <ajmitch> I've mostly just been keepign my own statuses, such as ones I haven't looked at, those that need packaging done, etc

 18:56:52 <wendar> https://blueprints.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+spec/community-p-app-review-board

 18:57:12 <wendar> ajmitch: it'd be nice to get that somewhere we share it

 18:57:23 <wendar> ajmitch: is it crontab-able?

 18:57:58 <ajmitch> wendar: not particularly, I'll need to spend more than 30 minutes on it

 18:58:15 <wendar> I do feel the pain, I totally missed a response from one of the developers on a package I was shepherding :(

 18:59:06 <ajmitch> all I wanted initially was for something to try & make sure I wrote notes about every submission

 18:59:18 <ajmitch> I can work on it some more if you think it'll be useful

 18:59:23 <wendar> ajmitch makes sense

 18:59:42 <wendar> it'd be cool to take a look at it

 19:00:16 <wendar> I don't know, if we can get the features in the web interface quickly, I don't want to suck up your time

 19:00:28 <wendar> I guess we'll see

 19:00:35 <ajmitch> I'll probably still use something like it for my private notes :)

 19:00:42 <wendar> yup, makes sense

 19:00:54 <wendar> if you do keep working on it, share what's useful

 19:00:57 <ajmitch> some of them aren't really publishable once I got to the 3rd or 4th submission with .jar files & license violations

 19:01:10 <wendar> heh :)

 19:01:29 <wendar> curse silently, teach kindly :)

 19:01:36 <ajmitch> right :)

 19:01:46 <coolbhavi> alright guys I am sorry that I have to leave in the middle as its way past midnight n m very sleepy now ... See you at the UDS next week :)

 19:01:59 <ajmitch> coolbhavi: thanks for stopping in, see you round :)

 19:02:11 <wendar> coolbhavi: we're pretty much ready to wrap up

 19:02:19 <ajmitch> OK, I guess we've got some points that can be discussed at UDS anyway

 19:02:23 <wendar> take a look at the blueprint and let me know if you want to add anything

 19:02:40 <wendar> one final thing, chair for next meeting

 19:02:53 <wendar> ajmitch: do you want to take the next rotation?

 19:02:57 <ajmitch> sure

 19:03:05 <wendar> cool

 19:03:11 <coolbhavi> :)

 19:03:15 <wendar> I'll take the minutes and distribute them

 19:03:20 <ajmitch> thanks

 19:03:21 <wendar> and update the agenda for next time

 19:03:31 <wendar> thanks all!

 19:03:31 <coolbhavi> thanks so much

 19:03:45 <coolbhavi> see you at UDS

 19:03:51 <coolbhavi> :)

 19:03:58 <wendar> see you there :)

 19:03:59 <wendar> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/AlanBell/mootbot)