#title #ubuntu-meeting Meeting

Meeting started by pedro_ at 17:00:34 UTC.  The full logs are available
at
http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2011/ubuntu-meeting.2011-10-12-17.00.log.html
.



== Meeting summary ==

 *Previous Actions

 *Community Efforts/Testing
''LINK:'' http://iso.qa.ubuntu.com/qatracker/ <- there's plenty of things to be tested  (pedro_, 17:05:29)

 *Automated/Systems Testing
''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/UDS-P/TestingInUbuntu   (nuclearbob, 17:08:34)
''ACTION:'' gema to put links to the related blueprints on the TestingInUbuntu page  (pedro_, 17:14:12)

 *Engineering Team Bug Status

 *Other Topics

 *Chair Selection



Meeting ended at 17:22:28 UTC.



== Votes ==




== Action items ==

 * gema to put links to the related blueprints on the TestingInUbuntu page



== Action items, by person ==

 * gema
 ** gema to put links to the related blueprints on the TestingInUbuntu page



== People present (lines said) ==

 * pedro_ (56)
 * gema (16)
 * charlie-tca (4)
 * meetingology (4)
 * sbeattie (4)
 * nuclearbob (3)
 * hggdh (3)
 * bdmurray (2)



== Full Log ==


 17:00:34 <pedro_> #startmeeting

 17:00:34 <meetingology> Meeting started Wed Oct 12 17:00:34 2011 UTC.  The chair is pedro_. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/AlanBell/mootbot.

 17:00:34 <meetingology> 

 17:00:34 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 17:00:45 <pedro_> hopefully a short one so we can go back to ISO Testing mode ;-)

 17:00:54 <pedro_> ok like always the agenda is at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/QATeam/Meetings

 17:01:17 <pedro_> #topic Previous Actions

 17:01:25 <pedro_> anything from the previous meeting? I can't remember any

 17:02:02 <pedro_> ok

 17:02:14 <pedro_> #topic Community Efforts/Testing

 17:02:18 <pedro_> jibel hggdh ^

 17:02:25 <pedro_> anything you'd like to share?

 17:02:53 <gema> jibel is on a crisis over a last minute problem launching gedit on the latest iso

 17:03:39 <pedro_> alright

 17:03:53 <gema> we are doing intensive image testing, so if anyone wants to jump in and help

 17:03:59 <gema> everyone's welcome

 17:04:06 <gema> :) ..

 17:04:24 * hggdh is syncing latest isos, but slow as molasses

 17:04:26 <pedro_> gema, where to go if one like to help?

 17:04:32 * charlie-tca waves

 17:04:48 <pedro_> hey charlie-tca :-)

 17:04:54 <gema> iso.qa.ubuntu.com is the place

 17:05:00 <charlie-tca> We just got new desktop images for everyone, and they need to be tested

 17:05:18 <pedro_> ok guys so please, if you'd like to help us! please go to iso.qa.ubuntu.com

 17:05:29 <pedro_> http://iso.qa.ubuntu.com/qatracker/ <- there's plenty of things to be tested

 17:05:35 <charlie-tca> I could say we don't have any major showstoppers yet

 17:06:11 <hggdh> yeah

 17:06:20 <gema> yeah, it is looking good

 17:06:23 <pedro_> so hopefully the release is going to be out tomorrow as scheduled :-)

 17:06:27 * pedro_ crossing fingers

 17:06:38 * hggdh crosses fingers & toes

 17:06:40 <gema> but we are fixing bits and pieces so some testing from the community would be very welcome

 17:06:42 <pedro_> lol

 17:07:11 <pedro_> and last thing: #ubuntu-testing is the channel to go for coordination on the iso testing effort

 17:07:12 <gema> ..

 17:07:21 <pedro_> thanks gema hggdh charlie-tca

 17:07:27 <pedro_> lets go for the next topic

 17:07:45 <pedro_> #topic Automated/Systems Testing

 17:07:50 <pedro_> anything on the subject?

 17:08:13 <pedro_> tic tac tic tac

 17:08:29 <nuclearbob> there's a session planned for UDS-P

 17:08:34 <nuclearbob> https://wiki.ubuntu.com/UDS-P/TestingInUbuntu

 17:09:20 <pedro_> cool!

 17:10:09 <pedro_> "Pizza and beer will be provided"

 17:10:15 <pedro_> guess i'm going there :-)

 17:10:40 <pedro_> lot of interesting talks as well, cool

 17:10:44 <pedro_> thanks for the link nuclearbob

 17:10:50 <nuclearbob> no problem

 17:11:00 <pedro_> folks: anything else on the topic?

 17:11:08 <sbeattie> Presumably that's just a start of the discussion? There's over an hour of lightning talks scheduled.

 17:11:39 <gema> sbeattie: I think it aims to get people thinking about testing and in particular automation

 17:11:53 <gema> we'll be having other sessions to plan how to get more stuff automated

 17:12:02 <gema> and what infrastructure we lack

 17:12:04 <gema> etc

 17:12:27 <sbeattie> gema: could we link those session off that page, so people know what blueprints to subscribe to?

 17:12:36 <sbeattie> (or somewhere else, I'm not particular)

 17:12:59 <gema> sbeattie: indeed, I will aim at having the blueprints in a readable state by next week and post the links

 17:13:09 <sbeattie> gema: awesome, thanks!

 17:13:16 <gema> right now, we are still all over the place, pedro_ action on me

 17:14:12 <pedro_> #action gema to put links to the related blueprints on the TestingInUbuntu page

 17:14:12 * meetingology gema to put links to the related blueprints on the TestingInUbuntu page

 17:14:15 <pedro_> cool :-)

 17:14:29 <pedro_> alright, anything else?

 17:14:38 <gema> not from me

 17:14:40 <gema> ..

 17:15:32 <pedro_> thanks!

 17:15:36 <pedro_> #topic Engineering Team Bug Status

 17:15:42 <pedro_> bdmurray, Ursinha ^

 17:15:47 <pedro_> anything you'd like to share?

 17:16:04 <pedro_> i've not much to say rather than , please do help us review the iso-testing bugs ;-)

 17:16:14 <pedro_> those are listed at: http://iso.qa.ubuntu.com/qatracker/report

 17:16:31 <pedro_> and being filed/tagged by our awesome testing community

 17:16:34 <pedro_> ..

 17:16:39 <bdmurray> Yes, I've been looking at those, ubiquity, debian-installer update-manager and some no package bugs

 17:16:53 <bdmurray> ...

 17:18:18 <pedro_> thanks bdmurray

 17:18:26 <pedro_> #topic Other Topics

 17:18:34 <pedro_> anything else you'd like to raise in the meeting?

 17:19:40 <pedro_> seems not

 17:19:52 <pedro_> ok so the last topic on the agenda is the...

 17:20:01 <pedro_> #topic Chair Selection

 17:20:06 <pedro_> any volunteer for next week?

 17:20:30 <pedro_> otherwise we can use the shuf method ;-)

 17:21:35 <pedro_> shuf it is

 17:21:46 <pedro_> shuf -e hggdh gema charlie-tca jibel bdmuray ursinha nuclearbob  | head -n1

 17:21:47 <pedro_> hggdh

 17:21:51 <pedro_> congrats hggdh ;-)

 17:21:59 <charlie-tca> Thanks, hggdh

 17:22:11 <pedro_> heh

 17:22:18 <pedro_> ok that's all for today, lets go back to the ISO Testing mode!

 17:22:23 <pedro_> thanks all for attending

 17:22:28 <pedro_> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/AlanBell/mootbot)