#title #ubuntu-meeting Meeting

Meeting started by jdstrand at 17:01:51 UTC.  The full logs are
available at
http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2011/ubuntu-meeting.2011-09-26-17.01.log.html
.



== Meeting summary ==

''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting   (jdstrand, 17:01:58)
 *Announcements

 *Review of any previous action items

 *Weekly stand-up report

 *Highlighted packages
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/tangerine.html   (jdstrand, 17:13:16)
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/cakephp.html   (jdstrand, 17:13:28)
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/xymon.html   (jdstrand, 17:13:32)
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/libglpng.html   (jdstrand, 17:13:36)
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/libcgroup.html   (jdstrand, 17:13:40)

 *Miscellaneous and Questions



Meeting ended at 17:16:59 UTC.



== Votes ==




== Action items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * jdstrand (27)
 * mdeslaur (9)
 * micahg (6)
 * sbeattie (5)
 * meetingology (3)
 * tyhicks (3)
 * kees (1)



== Full Log ==


 17:01:51 <jdstrand> #startmeeting

 17:01:51 <meetingology> Meeting started Mon Sep 26 17:01:51 2011 UTC.  The chair is jdstrand. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/AlanBell/mootbot.

 17:01:51 <meetingology> 

 17:01:51 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 17:01:56 <jdstrand> The meeting agenda can be found at:

 17:01:58 <jdstrand> [LINK] https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting

 17:02:15 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Announcements

 17:02:24 <jdstrand> Ubuntu 11.10 is scheduled to release in a few weeks. If you are interested, it would be great if people helped make sure that the [[https://launchpad.net/ubuntu-cve-tracker|Ubuntu CVE Tracker]] is up to date for the devel release (particularly for universe/multiverse packages.

 17:02:41 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Review of any previous action items

 17:03:15 <jdstrand> jdstrand to update highlighted packages to also mention UCT in general: this was completed, but not in HighlightedPackages, because it is included by GettingInvolved, and that didn't quite make sense

 17:03:32 <jdstrand> I updated the wiki docs to mention it and made it part of our release cycle checklist

 17:03:45 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Weekly stand-up report

 17:03:56 <jdstrand> I'm on community this week

 17:04:27 <jdstrand> I've got some more MIRs to audit, some pending updates, a couple work items and some last minute oneiric bugs

 17:04:46 <jdstrand> I hope to actually squeeze apparmor testing in this week as well

 17:04:51 <jdstrand> that's it from me

 17:04:54 <jdstrand> mdeslaur: you're up

 17:05:15 <mdeslaur> I've just rebuilt my tomcat6 packages because of a new CVE that popped up this morning

 17:05:20 <mdeslaur> so I'll be testing those this week

 17:05:39 <mdeslaur> also, there are some CVEs mismatches in oneiric still, so I'll be working on those

 17:05:57 <mdeslaur> this week, we need to brainstorm our UDS blueprints

 17:06:08 <mdeslaur> so we can start creating them at the end of the week

 17:06:32 <mdeslaur> and that's it from me

 17:06:35 <mdeslaur> sbeattie: you're up

 17:07:17 <sbeattie> I'm still working on php (*sigh*), apache and openssl

 17:07:31 <mdeslaur> sbeattie: need any help/moral support?

 17:07:47 <jdstrand> mdeslaur: ah, yes, meant to add UDS prep to my list as well

 17:07:52 <sbeattie> I'm also hoping to do some qart testing this week, to ensure that things are in a good shape for oneiric

 17:08:01 <sbeattie> mdeslaur: send booze.

 17:08:15 * kees hugs sbeattie

 17:08:26 <sbeattie> And I guess UDS prep as well.

 17:08:29 <mdeslaur> sbeattie: heh

 17:08:54 <sbeattie> I think that's it for me. micahg, you're up.

 17:09:09 <micahg> tomorrow's Mozilla release day, so Firefox/Thunderbird to go out

 17:09:21 <micahg> I still have chromium that needs to go out

 17:09:39 <micahg> NSS should be updated for oneiric final, I'm going to try to get that done as well

 17:09:52 <micahg> UDS/blueprint/qrt next week for me

 17:10:04 <micahg> oh, and it's a short week for me, off Thu/Fri

 17:10:16 <micahg> tyhicks: your turn

 17:10:25 <tyhicks> I've got the triage role this week.

 17:10:48 <tyhicks> I will finish up mutt testing (some other items preempted me last week), finish backporting and testing a few eCryptfs patches for a libreoffice-on-ecryptfs bug, and take a closer look at an upstream eCryptfs oops report.

 17:11:07 <tyhicks> jdstrand: that's it for me

 17:12:43 <jdstrand> cool

 17:12:48 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Highlighted packages

 17:12:58 <jdstrand> The Ubuntu Security team will highlight some community-supported packages that might be good candidates for updating and or triaging. If you would like to help Ubuntu and not sure where to start, this is a great way to do so. See https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/UpdateProcedures for details and if you have any questions, feel free to ask in #ubuntu-security. To find out other ways of helping out, please see https://wiki.ubuntu.com/Securi

 17:13:16 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/tangerine.html

 17:13:28 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/cakephp.html

 17:13:32 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/xymon.html

 17:13:36 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/libglpng.html

 17:13:40 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/libcgroup.html

 17:13:51 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Miscellaneous and Questions

 17:13:55 <jdstrand> Does anyone have any other questions or items to discuss?

 17:16:56 <jdstrand> thanks everyone!

 17:16:59 <jdstrand> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/AlanBell/mootbot)