#title #ubuntu-meeting Meeting

Meeting started by skaet at 16:01:11 UTC.  The full logs are available
at
http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2011/ubuntu-meeting.2011-12-09-16.01.log.html
.



== Meeting summary ==

 *Release general overview - skaet
''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/PrecisePangolin/ReleaseSchedule   (skaet, 16:01:35)
''LINK:'' http://fridge.ubuntu.com/calendars/ubuntu-release-calendar/   (skaet, 16:01:37)
''LINK:'' http://status.ubuntu.com/ubuntu-precise/   (skaet, 16:01:48)
''LINK:'' http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/kernel-bugs/reports/rls-p-tracking-bugs.html   (skaet, 16:01:56)

 *Hardware Certification team update - mlegris

 *QA team update -  jibel
''LINK:'' https://jenkins.qa.ubuntu.com/view/Precise%20Daily%20ISOs/   (jibel, 16:10:15)

 *Security team Q&A - mdeslaur
''LINK:'' https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2011-December/000572.html   (mdeslaur, 16:13:24)

 *Kernel team Q&A - ogasawara
''LINK:'' https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2011-December/000574.html   (ogasawara, 16:14:56)

 *Foundations team Q&A - stgraber
''LINK:'' https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2011-December/000573.html   (stgraber, 16:17:21)

 *Server team Q&A - Daviey

 *ARM team Q&A-  ogra_
''LINK:'' https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2011-December/000587.html   (ogra_, 16:23:53)

 *Linaro team Q&A - fabo
''LINK:'' https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2011-December/000570.html   (skaet, 16:28:33)

 *Ubuntu One Team Q&A -  joshuahoover

 *Desktop Team Q&A  - pitti
''LINK:'' https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2011-December/000581.html   (skaet, 16:31:50)

 *Desktop Experience Team Q&A - dbarth

 *Kubuntu Team Q&A - Riddell
''LINK:'' https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2011-December/000578.html   (Riddell, 16:38:57)

 *Edubuntu Team Q&A - stgraber
''LINK:'' https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2011-December/000575.html   (stgraber, 16:42:26)

 *Xubuntu Team Q&A - madnick
''LINK:'' https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2011-December/000569.html   (madnick, 16:46:48)

 *Ubuntu Studio Team Q&A - ScottL

 *Lubuntu Team Q&A - gilir
''LINK:'' https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2011-December/000577.html   (gilir, 16:48:56)

 *MOTU Team Q&A - tumbleweed or Laney

 *Any other business, comments questions: ?



Meeting ended at 16:53:33 UTC.



== Votes ==




== Action items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * skaet (113)
 * ogra_ (20)
 * stgraber (16)
 * mlegris (12)
 * dbarth (11)
 * jibel (11)
 * pitti (10)
 * mdeslaur (8)
 * ogasawara (8)
 * Riddell (7)
 * gilir (6)
 * madnick (4)
 * meetingology (3)
 * slangasek (2)
 * doko (2)
 * kenvandine (2)
 * tumbleweed (1)



== Full Log ==


 16:01:11 <skaet> #startmeeting

 16:01:11 <meetingology> Meeting started Fri Dec  9 16:01:11 2011 UTC.  The chair is skaet. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/AlanBell/mootbot.

 16:01:11 <meetingology> 

 16:01:11 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 16:01:27 <skaet> [TOPIC] Release general overview - skaet

 16:01:27 <skaet> Agenda can be found: https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ReleaseTeam/Meeting/2011-12-09

 16:01:27 <skaet> Individual team status links will be added to it from: https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2011-December/thread.html;   this has been done with the past ones.

 16:01:27 <skaet> .

 16:01:27 <skaet> During round table Q&A time,  please post link to your mail message, and any additional comments.  When you've finished comments/questions signal by ".."

 16:01:29 <skaet> If you want to ask a question,  please "o/" so we know to wait for you.

 16:01:31 <skaet> .

 16:01:33 <skaet> Schedule for this release will be at:

 16:01:35 <skaet> #link https://wiki.ubuntu.com/PrecisePangolin/ReleaseSchedule

 16:01:37 <skaet> #link http://fridge.ubuntu.com/calendars/ubuntu-release-calendar/

 16:01:39 <skaet> .

 16:01:41 <skaet> We've now passed Feature Definition Freeze,  and status tracker has been reset.

 16:01:43 <skaet> There are now  2278 work items (up from 2084 on 2011/11/25), and we're starting to fall below the trend line (partially due to additional items being added).

 16:01:46 <skaet> Please review your items and make sure status is accurate.

 16:01:48 <skaet> #link  http://status.ubuntu.com/ubuntu-precise/

 16:01:52 <skaet> .

 16:01:54 <skaet> Bugs committed to be fixed by the engineering teams can be found:

 16:01:56 <skaet> #link http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/kernel-bugs/reports/rls-p-tracking-bugs.html

 16:01:58 <skaet> Bugs that you would like the engineering teams to consider for fixing, should be assigned to specific teams, so they can be found.

 16:02:01 <skaet> .

 16:02:03 <skaet> Upcoming Dates:

 16:02:05 <skaet> � 2012/01/16 - Last weekly meeting of 2011

 16:02:07 <skaet> � 2012/01/06 - Weekly meeings resume

 16:02:09 <skaet> � 2012/01/09 - DebianImportFreeze

 16:02:11 <skaet> � 2012/02/02 - '''Alpha 2'''

 16:02:13 <skaet> .

 16:02:15 <skaet> Alpha 1 testing of the new ISO tracker (http://91.189.93.73/) went very well.  :D.

 16:02:17 <skaet> A big thank you to stgraber, jibel, cjwatson and pitti and all the folks who tested the release!

 16:02:19 <skaet> IS has moved the tracker to the main servers and are working through a couple of glitches, but its new home is http://iso.qa.ubuntu.com/.    Daily testing results and bugs can now be logged there now going forward.

 16:02:24 <skaet> ..

 16:02:45 <ogasawara> skaet: are those meeting dates correct?  or show the first two be reversed?

 16:02:57 <skaet> ogaswara,  good catch...

 16:03:02 * skaet has typo there

 16:03:20 <skaet> Last meeting is 2011/12/16 - ie. next week.

 16:03:43 <skaet> any other questions?

 16:04:06 <skaet> ok,  time for the round table.

 16:04:37 <skaet> [TOPIC] Hardware Certification team update - mlegris

 16:04:41 <mlegris> hi all!

 16:04:47 <skaet> :)

 16:04:56 <mlegris> A1 testing has been postponed

 16:05:10 <mlegris> we have moved the testing period to after the holidays

 16:05:28 <mlegris> this is due to restrains with vacations and testing pools

 16:05:33 <skaet> o/

 16:05:38 <mlegris> yes skaet?

 16:05:53 <skaet> am a bit concerned that the results will be dated by then

 16:06:07 <skaet> can we resynch when you're able to do the testing

 16:06:12 <mlegris> correct, we would not be using the A1 image, we would use a more recent image

 16:06:15 <skaet> and decide if it makes more sense to do the daily.

 16:06:20 <skaet> ack.

 16:06:25 <mlegris> right, thats our thinking as well

 16:06:35 <skaet> ok,  one other area I'm concerned about is making sure the blockers

 16:06:54 <skaet> from oneiric are identified as affecting p or not before then.

 16:07:05 <skaet> can that be done,  even if we don't have full cert run?

 16:07:32 <mlegris> It can be done, but not for all the systems

 16:07:57 <mlegris> so it would be partial to which labs have the manpower to test and update the bugs

 16:08:14 <skaet> hmm.... lets discuss the details more offline then.   thanks.

 16:08:22 <mlegris> sure thing

 16:08:44 <mlegris> Thats my main report for this meeting :)

 16:08:45 <mlegris> ..

 16:09:30 <skaet> thanks mlegris.   I've pasted your mail link into the agenda too.

 16:09:50 <skaet> [TOPIC] QA team update -  jibel

 16:10:00 <jibel> hi

 16:10:04 <skaet> :)

 16:10:11 <jibel> Additionally to what is written on our team report, we spent the week tracking red balls on

 16:10:15 <jibel> https://jenkins.qa.ubuntu.com/view/Precise%20Daily%20ISOs/

 16:10:19 <jibel> Now all the tests are almost green excepted upgrades

 16:10:38 <jibel> server minimal is partially failing because the resulting installation is oversized. jamespage  is putting it on diet.

 16:10:44 <jibel> now working on lts upgrades

 16:11:08 <jibel> boot speed test results are published at http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/boot-speed/

 16:11:13 <jibel> please have a look

 16:11:14 <jibel> ..

 16:11:17 <jibel> any comment/question ?

 16:11:20 <skaet> Thanks jibel!

 16:11:23 <skaet> re: from the report on smoke tests being generated by community - is there a link for the procedure to add them to Jenkins?

 16:11:51 <jibel> not yet, it's a WIP

 16:12:07 <pitti> we fixed some major upgrade bugs today

 16:12:14 <pitti> looking forward to tomorrow's/Monday's autotests

 16:12:22 <skaet> :)

 16:13:09 <skaet> [TOPIC] Security team Q&A - mdeslaur

 16:13:15 <mdeslaur> hi!

 16:13:17 <skaet> :)

 16:13:24 <mdeslaur> [LINK] https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2011-December/000572.html

 16:13:35 <mdeslaur> we've been pretty much occupied with all our reactive work

 16:13:44 <mdeslaur> not much progress on the work items front

 16:14:04 <mdeslaur> that's about it!

 16:14:04 <mdeslaur> .

 16:14:21 <skaet> Thanks mdeslaur!    anyone have questions?

 16:14:51 <skaet> [TOPIC] Kernel team Q&A - ogasawara

 16:14:56 <ogasawara> [LINK] https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2011-December/000574.html

 16:15:04 <ogasawara> I forgot to mention in my email that during our config review session at

 16:15:04 <ogasawara> UDS, we identified some configuration discrepancies between flavors.

 16:15:04 <ogasawara> We'll be evaluating these discrepancies more closely in the coming weeks

 16:15:05 <ogasawara> which will likely result in a few config tweaks most likely for arm or

 16:15:05 <ogasawara> powerpc.

 16:15:07 <ogasawara> ..

 16:15:27 <skaet> Thanks ogasawara!

 16:16:01 <ogra_> omap4 was already generalized i think

 16:16:01 <skaet> any questions?

 16:16:02 <ogra_> ..

 16:16:19 <ogra_> (final bits went in this week)

 16:16:20 <ogra_> ..

 16:16:55 <skaet> [TOPIC] Foundations team Q&A - stgraber

 16:17:21 <stgraber> https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2011-December/000573.html

 16:17:54 <stgraber> so as skaet mentioned, the state of the QA tracker changed a bit since I sent that e-mail with http://iso.qa.ubuntu.com being online now

 16:18:12 <skaet> *\o/*

 16:18:20 <stgraber> we're still tracking some bugs, one being critical (API not working) and another one rather annoying (reports failing due to old Postgres)

 16:18:37 <stgraber> I have RTs for both but no ETA

 16:19:00 <stgraber> hoping for the former to be fixed ASAP as currently all the builds and results need to be added by hand...

 16:19:22 <stgraber> ..

 16:19:39 <skaet> Thanks stgraber!

 16:19:48 <mdeslaur> stgraber: any chance of successfully bribing foundations to revert to using the "admin" group? :)

 16:20:22 <ogra_> any security issues with that ?

 16:20:23 <ogra_> ..

 16:20:34 <stgraber> mdeslaur: I don't know much of the history about that particular one (except seeing it happening), I think it may need some desktop+foundations bribing :)

 16:20:40 <pitti> please send mail before doing that, though

 16:20:58 <pitti> the admin->user change came unexpectedly enough, we'll need to change umpteen packages again to change it back

 16:21:15 <mdeslaur> ogra_: consistency and security auditing...not a big issue, but it's an unexpected change for users

 16:21:20 <pitti> no objections from here, it should just be coordinated

 16:21:29 <ogra_> ah, k

 16:21:30 <ogra_> ..

 16:22:13 * skaet looks around for other questions....

 16:22:31 <skaet> [TOPIC] Server team Q&A - Daviey

 16:23:19 <skaet> is Daviey or anyone else from server team around?

 16:23:35 <skaet> [TOPIC] ARM team Q&A-  ogra_

 16:23:43 <ogra_> ha ! me !!

 16:23:45 <skaet> :)

 16:23:53 <ogra_> [link] https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2011-December/000587.html

 16:24:26 <ogra_> armhf FTW !

 16:24:28 <ogra_> :)

 16:24:30 <ogra_> ..

 16:24:34 <slangasek> \o/

 16:24:44 <slangasek> arwoof

 16:24:47 <skaet> Thanks ogra_ !  re: armhf - congrat!!!

 16:24:57 <ogra_> (and a HUGE praise to infinity and doko for all that work)

 16:25:12 <doko> as a side note ... http://qa.ubuntuwire.org/ftbfs/primary-precise-armhf.html

 16:25:15 <ogra_> dokos manager shoudl think about bonuses already ;)

 16:25:17 <ogra_> ..

 16:25:26 <ogra_> doko, its in the mail ;)

 16:25:26 <ogra_> ..

 16:25:44 <skaet> very nice news indeed.  :)  and agree, big thanks to infinity and doko.  :)

 16:25:45 <doko> ... starts looking useful for other architectures too, showing general build failures, not just armhf

 16:26:56 <skaet> [TOPIC] Linaro team Q&A - fabo

 16:28:29 * skaet not seeing fabo,  but notes he has dependency on DX..

 16:28:33 <skaet> https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2011-December/000570.html

 16:28:50 <skaet> dbarth, ^^ can you respond to thread after meeting?

 16:29:14 <dbarth> skaet: yes

 16:29:18 <skaet> thanks!

 16:29:37 <skaet> [TOPIC] Ubuntu One Team Q&A -  joshuahoover

 16:30:01 <skaet> hmm,  not seeing him in channel,  moving on.

 16:30:16 <skaet> [TOPIC] Desktop Team Q&A  - pitti

 16:30:31 * kenvandine steps in :)

 16:30:35 <pitti> nothing from me aside from the already sent report

 16:30:40 <pitti> any questions?

 16:30:43 <skaet> sorry kenvandine pitti told me.

 16:30:44 <kenvandine> pitti!

 16:30:56 <pitti> (need to run in some 10 mins)

 16:31:50 <skaet> https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2011-December/000581.html

 16:31:54 <skaet> anyone have question?

 16:32:18 <skaet> Thanks kenvandine and pitti.  :)

 16:32:39 <skaet> [TOPIC] Desktop Experience Team Q&A - dbarth

 16:32:52 <dbarth> hi

 16:32:55 <skaet> :)

 16:33:07 <dbarth> the report is at: https://wiki.ubuntu.com/DesktopExperienceTeam/ReleaseStatus

 16:34:29 <dbarth> the main thing to underline

 16:34:38 <dbarth> is the completion of the build and test automation infrastructure

 16:34:48 <pitti> huge congrats on this!

 16:34:53 <dbarth> and the fact that at least unity shell is now connected with the autopilot test suite

 16:35:05 <pitti> it certainly caused a lot of pain, but it's so great to see this working now

 16:35:13 <dbarth> compiz is still a bit behind, and the unity-qt side is close though

 16:35:13 <dbarth> ..

 16:35:40 <skaet> Thanks dbarth!   congrats on getting test suite up!  :)   new blueprint also noted.

 16:36:09 <skaet> dbarth, what day that first week in january are you expecting unity updates to land?

 16:36:52 * skaet wondering if we're back on a regular day DX changes landing or not...

 16:37:04 <dbarth> (otp at the same time sorry)

 16:37:23 <skaet> dbarth,  ok, will follow up with you offline.

 16:37:35 <dbarth> thursday sorry

 16:38:05 <dbarth> normal upload window

 16:38:33 <skaet> ack.  will follow up offline.

 16:38:37 <skaet> thanks

 16:38:41 <skaet> [TOPIC] Kubuntu Team Q&A - Riddell

 16:38:51 <Riddell> hi

 16:38:55 <skaet> :)

 16:38:57 <Riddell> https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2011-December/000578.html

 16:39:13 <Riddell> I'm a bit concust and not thinking all straight, so let me know if I make any mistakes

 16:39:28 <Riddell> and I'll be back into KDE packaging slowly next week

 16:39:32 <Riddell> ..

 16:39:34 <ogra_> its good to have you back !

 16:39:34 <ogra_> ..

 16:39:49 <skaet> Thanks Riddell!   glad you're back as well!

 16:40:33 <skaet> Riddell,  Is there a backup contact I should be working with for Kubuntu on the milestone testing going forward?

 16:40:48 <Riddell> skaet: not currently I'm afraid

 16:41:27 <skaet> ack.  let me know if you come up with one.

 16:41:43 * skaet looks around for any question?

 16:41:57 <skaet> [TOPIC] Edubuntu Team Q&A - stgraber

 16:42:20 <stgraber> hey again

 16:42:25 <skaet> :)

 16:42:26 <stgraber> https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2011-December/000575.html

 16:43:05 <stgraber> so biggest thing this week is the automated upgrade testing, first complete "clean" run of edubuntu, kubuntu, mythbuntu and xubuntu is still running

 16:43:14 <stgraber> results will appear on the tracker once the API works again

 16:44:08 <stgraber> oh, and I'm sure highvoltage would really like some news from Kubuntu (if he didn't get any yet) as the TB meeting is on Monday and will likely be the last for this year. So would be good to have LTS sorted there.

 16:44:18 <stgraber> I think that's it

 16:44:19 <stgraber> ..

 16:44:36 <skaet> Thanks stgraber!

 16:44:51 <Riddell> yes I plan to do the TB things on monday

 16:45:06 <stgraber> Riddell: thanks!

 16:45:07 <skaet> Good to hear the auto-upgrade testing is now clean for edubuntu!  :)

 16:45:25 <stgraber> oh, and btw, so far Edubuntu and Kubuntu upgrade fine from Oneiric to Precise on both i386 and amd64

 16:45:56 <skaet> :)

 16:46:38 <skaet> [TOPIC] Xubuntu Team Q&A - madnick

 16:46:43 <madnick> hi

 16:46:48 <madnick> https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2011-December/000569.html

 16:47:03 <madnick> As you see, not much is new :)

 16:47:18 <madnick> ..

 16:47:36 <skaet> Thanks madnick.  no issues are nice :)

 16:48:18 <skaet> [TOPIC] Ubuntu Studio Team Q&A - ScottL

 16:48:30 * skaet not seeing him in channel though...

 16:48:43 <skaet> [TOPIC] Lubuntu Team Q&A - gilir

 16:48:50 <gilir> hi :)

 16:48:55 <skaet> :)

 16:48:56 <gilir> https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-release/2011-December/000577.html

 16:49:23 <gilir> additional item, desktop daily ISOs fail to be published

 16:49:46 <gilir> log : http://paste.ubuntu.com/765014/

 16:50:05 <gilir> ..

 16:50:12 <skaet> Thanks gilir,   will look into the publishing failure after the meeting.

 16:50:28 <gilir> thanks skaet :)

 16:50:53 <skaet> [TOPIC] MOTU Team Q&A - tumbleweed or Laney

 16:51:05 <tumbleweed> hi, nothing to report from us

 16:52:00 <skaet> thanks tumbleweed!  anyone have questions on MOTU?

 16:52:21 <skaet> [TOPIC] Any other business, comments questions: ?

 16:53:05 <skaet> heh,  looks like thats it,  and we're ending in under an hour.  :)

 16:53:28 <skaet> Thank you to everyone who put their status's in email.  It helped alot!

 16:53:33 <skaet> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/AlanBell/mootbot)