#title #ubuntu-meeting Meeting

Meeting started by jdstrand at 18:02:33 UTC.  The full logs are
available at
http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2011/ubuntu-meeting.2011-11-21-18.02.log.html
.



== Meeting summary ==

''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting   (jdstrand, 18:02:51)
 *Announcements

 *Weekly stand-up report

 *Highlighted packages
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/bip.html   (jdstrand, 18:19:57)
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/gnucash.html   (jdstrand, 18:20:00)
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/conky.html   (jdstrand, 18:20:04)
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/unbound.html   (jdstrand, 18:20:07)
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/ardour.html   (jdstrand, 18:20:11)

 *Miscellaneous and Questions



Meeting ended at 18:23:02 UTC.



== Votes ==




== Action items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * jdstrand (31)
 * mdeslaur (10)
 * tyhicks (8)
 * sbeattie (6)
 * jjohansen (5)
 * micahg (4)
 * meetingology (3)



== Full Log ==


 18:02:33 <jdstrand> #startmeeting

 18:02:33 <meetingology> Meeting started Mon Nov 21 18:02:33 2011 UTC.  The chair is jdstrand. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/AlanBell/mootbot.

 18:02:33 <meetingology> 

 18:02:33 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 18:02:50 <jdstrand> The meeting agenda can be found at:

 18:02:51 <jdstrand> [LINK] https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting

 18:02:59 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Announcements

 18:03:15 <jdstrand> Short week for a lot of the team as Thursday is a national holiday for US employees and a lot of people are taking Friday off

 18:03:59 <jdstrand> mdeslaur, sbeattie, micahg, tyhicks, jjohansen: thank you for spending time getting your blueprints in order. I think everything is looking good on that front, especially when considering our commitment to essential work items (and best effort for high and lower).

 18:04:11 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Weekly stand-up report

 18:04:19 <jdstrand> I'll go first

 18:04:45 <jdstrand> I'm one of the ones with a short week (off thu and fri)

 18:04:52 <jdstrand> I'm on community this week

 18:05:27 <jdstrand> I've got one pending update that I hope to push this week: kdeutils. It involves quite a bit of testing, but I hope to push it out today, tomorrow at the latest

 18:05:38 <jdstrand> I've also got a few MIR audits

 18:06:33 <jdstrand> if I have any time, I hope to gather up some statistics on proactive and reactive work

 18:07:37 <jdstrand> I want to be able to look at all the time estimates we gave in the work items and look at if people have too much dev work, etc

 18:08:26 <jdstrand> hopefully, going forward I can have some processes that will better predict things such that at the next UDS we can continue to improve our planning

 18:08:41 <jdstrand> mdeslaur: you're up

 18:08:52 <mdeslaur> I'm currently pushing out a software-center update

 18:08:58 <mdeslaur> and I have a pidgin update to test and push

 18:09:05 <mdeslaur> and then I'll continue going down the list

 18:09:12 <mdeslaur> I'm in the happy place this week

 18:09:41 <mdeslaur> and I won't be eating turkey on thursday

 18:09:47 <mdeslaur> so I'll hold down the fort

 18:09:55 <mdeslaur> that,s it from me

 18:09:57 <jdstrand> mdeslaur: thanks! :)

 18:09:57 <mdeslaur> sbeattie: you're up

 18:10:08 <sbeattie> I'm also happy placing this week

 18:10:18 <sbeattie> and have a short-week planned

 18:10:44 <sbeattie> I'm working on a glibc update and monitoring for openjdk regressions from last week

 18:11:16 <sbeattie> I'm also exploring cgroups

 18:11:26 <sbeattie> I think that's it for me

 18:11:45 <sbeattie> micahg: tag

 18:12:05 <micahg> so, I think I have a full week this week and will also not be having Turkey on Thursday :)

 18:13:06 <micahg> so, unfortunately, last week ended up being a very short week for me, so I'm still trying to get the Mozilla updates out, after that I have chromium and a few other updates related to DigiCert

 18:13:17 <micahg> that's it for me

 18:13:23 <micahg> tyhicks: you're it

 18:13:34 <tyhicks> First off, I will be eating turkey on Thursday... lots of it :)

 18:13:43 <mdeslaur> \o/

 18:13:53 <tyhicks> I'll also be taking half a day off on Wednesday and Friday

 18:14:03 <tyhicks> I'm in the triage role this week

 18:14:15 <tyhicks> So I should still have plenty of time to get that role covered all week

 18:14:40 <tyhicks> Outside of that, I am going to move on to a libt1 update

 18:15:06 <tyhicks> and I intend to start the SRU process for a couple eCryptfs kernel patches for Oneiric

 18:15:09 <mdeslaur> tyhicks: after all that tryptophan, it's good that you're taking friday off :)

 18:15:30 <tyhicks> mdeslaur: Yes - I probably won't wake up until noon, anways :)

 18:15:38 <tyhicks> That's it for me - you're up jjohansen

 18:15:50 <jjohansen> thanks

 18:16:10 <jjohansen> well, yet again another short week here.

 18:17:39 <jjohansen> beside the regular kernel USN work,  I need to fix bug893232, that was discovered last week during testing, and continue getting the apparmor permission rework pushed through and the base of stacking

 18:17:54 <jjohansen> Also I need to release AppArmor 2.7 final some time this week

 18:18:36 <jjohansen> hrmm, I think that is it from me

 18:19:19 <jdstrand> thanks guys

 18:19:28 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Highlighted packages

 18:19:33 <jdstrand> The Ubuntu Security team will highlight some community-supported packages that might be good candidates for updating and or triaging. If you would like to help Ubuntu and not sure where to start, this is a great way to do so.

 18:19:38 <jdstrand> See https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/UpdateProcedures for details and if you have any questions, feel free to ask in #ubuntu-security. To find out other ways of helping out, please see https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/GettingInvolved.

 18:19:57 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/bip.html

 18:20:00 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/gnucash.html

 18:20:04 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/conky.html

 18:20:07 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/unbound.html

 18:20:11 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/ardour.html

 18:20:19 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Miscellaneous and Questions

 18:20:24 <jdstrand> Does anyone have any other questions or items to discuss?

 18:22:52 <jdstrand> alrighty then

 18:22:58 <jdstrand> mdeslaur, sbeattie, micahg, tyhicks, jjohansen: thanks!

 18:23:02 <jdstrand> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/AlanBell/mootbot)