#title #ubuntu-meeting Meeting

Meeting started by jdstrand at 17:07:24 UTC.  The full logs are
available at
http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2011/ubuntu-meeting.2011-09-19-17.07.log.html
.



== Meeting summary ==

''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting   (jdstrand, 17:07:30)
 *Announcements

 *Weekly stand-up report

 *Highlighted packages
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/teamspeak-server.html   (jdstrand, 17:18:58)
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/condor.html   (jdstrand, 17:19:01)
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/zonecheck.html   (jdstrand, 17:19:03)
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/monotone.html   (jdstrand, 17:19:06)
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/midori.html   (jdstrand, 17:19:08)

 *Miscellaneous and Questions
''ACTION:'' jdstrand to update highlighted packages to also mention UCT in general  (jdstrand, 17:24:32)



Meeting ended at 17:25:48 UTC.



== Votes ==




== Action items ==

 * jdstrand to update highlighted packages to also mention UCT in general



== Action items, by person ==

 * jdstrand
 ** jdstrand to update highlighted packages to also mention UCT in general



== People present (lines said) ==

 * jdstrand (32)
 * mdeslaur (7)
 * sbeattie (7)
 * micahg (4)
 * meetingology (4)
 * tyhicks` (3)
 * bliss (1)



== Full Log ==


 17:07:24 <jdstrand> #startmeeting

 17:07:24 <meetingology> Meeting started Mon Sep 19 17:07:24 2011 UTC.  The chair is jdstrand. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/AlanBell/mootbot.

 17:07:24 <meetingology> 

 17:07:24 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 17:07:29 <jdstrand> The meeting agenda can be found at:

 17:07:30 <jdstrand> [LINK] https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting

 17:08:13 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Announcements

 17:08:21 * bliss burns a candle for kees

 17:08:30 <jdstrand> Thanks to zooko and jtaylor for their help on security updates for the community supported taylor-lafs last week. Great job! :)

 17:08:42 <mdeslaur> bliss: hehe

 17:08:57 <jdstrand> err, that isn't the right package name

 17:09:12 <jdstrand> tahoe-lafs

 17:09:31 <jdstrand> and yes, kees departure

 17:09:36 <jdstrand> As kees mentioned via his blog last week, he has left Canonical to pursue other opportunities. We wish him well and look forward to continuing to work with him on Ubuntu in the community.

 17:09:45 <jdstrand> I'm happy to say that the talents of the Ubuntu Security team run deep and we are in good shape. Moving forward, people should direct questions regarding userspace/toolchain hardening to sbeattie.

 17:09:53 <jdstrand> We are in the process of finalizing the details for the kernel security position, so in the meantime questions on kernel publication should be directed to mdeslaur and kernel hardening can be asked of the team in #ubuntu-hardened.

 17:10:17 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Weekly stand-up report

 17:10:23 <jdstrand> I'll go first

 17:10:55 <jdstrand> I'm on triage this week. Part of my work on that will include training tyhicks` on UCT

 17:11:09 <jdstrand> I've got a small pile of MIRs I need to tend to

 17:11:45 <jdstrand> a few work items are left, which I hope to try to work on

 17:12:03 <jdstrand> and I have some apparmor policy updates I am working on

 17:12:07 <jdstrand> mdeslaur: you're next

 17:12:29 <mdeslaur> I plan on publishing ffmpeg/libav updates today

 17:12:37 <mdeslaur> and will go down the list to pick something else

 17:12:49 <mdeslaur> I think there's iso testing also this week that I'll do

 17:13:06 <mdeslaur> and, I'm doing the kernel workflow also

 17:13:09 <mdeslaur> that's it from me

 17:13:15 <mdeslaur> sbeattie: tag, you're it

 17:13:27 <sbeattie> I'm on community this week

 17:14:34 <sbeattie> I'm poking at php5 in part prompted by a community member contributing a fix for an open issues there.

 17:15:14 <sbeattie> Also, I'm still poking at apache as well, both for the security issue fixied in 2.2.21 and some of the byterange regressions fixed as well.

 17:15:53 <sbeattie> I'll also be doing some testing for beta 2 (I have a couple of systems to upgrade to O) and hopefully some iso testing as well.

 17:16:11 <sbeattie> I think that covers it for me.

 17:16:20 <sbeattie> micahg: ping

 17:16:46 <micahg> update chromium and prepare mozilla updates for next week's release train

 17:17:02 <micahg> that's it

 17:17:43 <micahg> tyhicks`: ping

 17:17:54 <tyhicks`> I'm still working on the mutt update. I hit some snags in my setup last week and didn't make it as far as I had predicted.

 17:18:07 <tyhicks`> I'm confident that I can finish that up this week and I'll also be working with jdstrand on UCT to understand the triaging role.

 17:18:19 <tyhicks`> jdstrand: That is it for me.

 17:18:30 <jdstrand> cool

 17:18:40 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Highlighted packages

 17:18:52 <jdstrand> The Ubuntu Security team will highlight some community-supported packages that might be good candidates for updating and or triaging. If you would like to help Ubuntu and not sure where to start, this is a great way to do so. See https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/UpdateProcedures for details and if you have any questions, feel free to ask in #ubuntu-security. The highlighted packages for this week are:

 17:18:58 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/teamspeak-server.html

 17:19:01 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/condor.html

 17:19:03 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/zonecheck.html

 17:19:06 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/monotone.html

 17:19:08 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/midori.html

 17:19:10 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Miscellaneous and Questions

 17:19:15 <jdstrand> Does anyone have any other questions or items to discuss?

 17:21:53 <micahg> people can ignore midori on that list

 17:22:49 <sbeattie> well, another great thing people could work on is going back through and confirming that older open CVEs have or have not been fixed in newer releases.

 17:23:33 <jdstrand> yes, that is always helpful

 17:24:32 <jdstrand> [ACTION] jdstrand to update highlighted packages to also mention UCT in general

 17:24:32 * meetingology jdstrand to update highlighted packages to also mention UCT in general

 17:25:45 <jdstrand> ok, thanks guys!

 17:25:48 <jdstrand> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/AlanBell/mootbot)