#title #ubuntu-meeting Meeting

Meeting started by skaet at 15:00:34 UTC.  The full logs are available
at
http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2011/ubuntu-meeting.2011-10-07-15.00.log.html
.



== Meeting summary ==

 *Release general overview - skaet
''LINK:'' http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/kernel-bugs/reports/rls-mgr-o-tracking-bugs.html   (skaet, 15:01:58)
''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/OneiricOcelot/ReleaseManifest   (skaet, 15:02:40)

 *Hardware Certification team update - mlegris
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~hwcert/hw-testing/week40_2011.html   (mlegris, 15:04:29)

 *QA team update -  jibel
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~mvo/automatic-upgrade-testing/current/   (jibel, 15:07:18)
''LINK:'' http://iso.qa.ubuntu.com/qatracker/report   (jibel, 15:08:42)
''LINK:'' http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/boot-speed/   (jibel, 15:08:53)

 *Security team update - jdstrand or micahg

 *Kernel team update - ogasawara
''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/KernelTeam/ReleaseStatus/Oneiric   (ogasawara, 15:16:38)
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~platform/workitems/oneiric/canonical-kernel-team-ubuntu-11.10.html   (ogasawara, 15:16:38)
''LINK:'' http://status.ubuntu.com/ubuntu-oneiric/group/topic-oneiric-kernel-tasks.html   (ogasawara, 15:16:38)

 *Foundations team update - cjwatson

 *Server team update - Daviey

 *ARM team update - ogra_
''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ARMTeam/ReleaseStatus/Oneiric   (ogra_, 15:29:13)

 *Linaro update - fabo

 *Ubuntu One Team - joshuahoover

 *Desktop Team update  - pitti

 *Desktop Experience Team Update - dbarth_

 *Kubuntu Team update - ScottK

 *Edubuntu Team update - stgraber or highvoltage

 *Xubuntu Team update - charlie-tca

 *Lubuntu Team update - gilir

 *MOTU Team update - tumbleweed

 *any other business?  comments?   questions?
''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/P-SeriesOpening   (doko, 16:00:32)
''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/OneiricOcelot/TechnicalOverview   (skaet, 16:02:04)
''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/OneiricOcelot/TechnicalOverview - is open for any bugs you think worth release noting at this point.  (skaet, 16:06:40)
''LINK:'' http://china-images.ubuntu.com/oneiric/daily-live/20111001/ is still oversized  (pitti, 16:10:18)



Meeting ended at 16:19:51 UTC.



== Votes ==




== Action items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * skaet (114)
 * pitti (46)
 * ogra_ (27)
 * jibel (27)
 * Daviey (24)
 * ubottu (22)
 * ogasawara (20)
 * cjwatson (19)
 * rickspencer3 (14)
 * mlegris (11)
 * dbarth_ (11)
 * stgraber (11)
 * joshuahoover (10)
 * gilir (9)
 * fabo (8)
 * charlie-tca (7)
 * doko (6)
 * tumbleweed (4)
 * meetingology (3)
 * mvo (2)
 * Laney (1)
 * highvoltage (1)



== Full Log ==


 15:00:34 <skaet> #startmeeting

 15:00:34 <meetingology> Meeting started Fri Oct  7 15:00:34 2011 UTC.  The chair is skaet. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/AlanBell/mootbot.

 15:00:34 <meetingology> 

 15:00:34 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 15:00:36 * joshuahoover waves

 15:00:42 * charlie-tca waves

 15:00:52 <skaet> [TOPIC] Release general overview - skaet

 15:00:52 <skaet> Agenda can be found: https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ReleaseTeam/Meeting/2011-10-07

 15:01:15 <skaet> We're in Final Freeze for Main and the Seeded Universe.  Thank you for all the fixes that have been submitted over this last week!  :)   We've got dry run images up on the iso tester,  and are in the final stretch.   Only high/critical fixes necessary to release that can't be SRU'd will be accepted now.    If you discover a problem that fits that criteria, please join us in #ubuntu-release and start the discussion.

 15:01:15 <skaet> .

 15:01:28 <skaet> Plan for the next week:

 15:01:28 <skaet> Today/Tomorrow - Testing of dry images, and selective respins as requested by product managers/release team.

 15:01:28 <skaet> Sunday - everything gets marked offical and we try for the candidate image builds and populate the ISO tracker

 15:01:28 <skaet> Monday - testing and analysis of any issues found.

 15:01:29 <skaet> Tuesday - testing and analysis, release notes,  unseeded universe freeze at 1200 UTC

 15:01:31 <skaet> Wednesday - testing and analysis, release notes,  checklist run throughs

 15:01:33 <skaet> Thursday - 11.10 Release

 15:01:58 <skaet> #LINK http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/kernel-bugs/reports/rls-mgr-o-tracking-bugs.html

 15:02:10 <skaet> has the bugs we're trying to drive down to 0

 15:02:40 <skaet> Would also like to request all the flavor product leads take a pass through

 15:02:40 <skaet> #link https://wiki.ubuntu.com/OneiricOcelot/ReleaseManifest

 15:02:40 <skaet> and confirm the details are accurate for their images

 15:02:57 <skaet> .after testing reports today,  request for the team during the round table is:

 15:02:58 <skaet> 1) any known release blocker bug to fix prior to Sunday?

 15:02:58 <skaet> 2) which 0 day SRU's are in plan?

 15:02:58 <skaet> .

 15:02:58 <skaet> questions?

 15:02:58 <skaet> ..

 15:04:06 * skaet looks around...  not seeing any hands

 15:04:11 <skaet> heading into round table then.

 15:04:25 <skaet> [TOPIC] Hardware Certification team update - mlegris

 15:04:29 <mlegris> [Week 40 Testing Report]

 15:04:29 <mlegris> [link] http://people.canonical.com/~hwcert/hw-testing/week40_2011.html

 15:04:29 <mlegris> .

 15:04:34 <mlegris> Bugs:

 15:04:40 <mlegris> * Â Bug #810145 - unity-panel-service crashes - has been fixed

 15:04:46 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 810145 in unity (Ubuntu Oneiric) "unity-panel-service crashed with SIGABRT in __kernel_vsyscall()" [Critical,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/810145

 15:05:08 <mlegris> gearing up for the 11.10 release and the cert testing that will follow

 15:05:21 <mlegris> Also, No to 1 and 2 :)

 15:05:27 <skaet> :)

 15:05:34 <mlegris> Any questions?

 15:05:56 <mlegris> Seeing none

 15:05:58 <mlegris> ..

 15:06:06 <skaet> Thanks mlegris,  glad there's nothing on your blocker list.  :)

 15:06:11 <mlegris> np skaet

 15:06:19 <skaet> [TOPIC] QA team update -  jibel

 15:06:51 <jibel> = Pre-release images smoke testing =

 15:07:00 <jibel> * Upgrade:

 15:07:04 <jibel> Ubuntu Desktop/Server i386|amd64: Passed

 15:07:18 <jibel> Automatic Upgrade Testing almost white (mythbuntu failed)

 15:07:18 <jibel> http://people.canonical.com/~mvo/automatic-upgrade-testing/current/

 15:07:25 <jibel> * Installation:

 15:07:29 <jibel> * Ubuntu Desktop i386/amd64: Passed

 15:07:33 <jibel> * Ubuntu Desktop USB i386/amd64: Passed

 15:07:38 <jibel> randomly affected by bug 769359

 15:07:40 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 769359 in ubiquity (Ubuntu) "Out of memory error when running Live CD prevents installation from completing" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/769359

 15:07:47 <jibel> * Wubi i386/amd64: Passed

 15:07:51 <jibel> * Ubuntu Alternate i386/amd64: Passed

 15:07:55 <jibel> * Ubuntu Server i386/amd64: Passed

 15:08:04 <jibel> automated test is randomly affected by bug 818177, a restart of the system shows that it installed correctly.

 15:08:05 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 818177 in udev (Ubuntu Precise) "boot failures because 'udevadm exit' does not kill udevd worker threads" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/818177

 15:08:12 <jibel> * Netboot Desktop, Desktop USB and Server tasks: Passed

 15:08:17 <jibel> Testcases not reviewed yet:

 15:08:29 <jibel> * Desktop: LTSP, CJK, Screen-reader,  amd64+mac

 15:08:34 <jibel> * Server: RAID, Encypted LVM, iSCSI

 15:08:39 <jibel> List of bugs reported:

 15:08:42 <jibel> http://iso.qa.ubuntu.com/qatracker/report

 15:08:47 <jibel> = Boot speed =

 15:08:53 <jibel> http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/boot-speed/

 15:08:58 <jibel> it is stable

 15:09:02 <jibel> ..

 15:09:05 <jibel> questions ?

 15:09:18 <skaet> Thanks jibel!   much appreciated!

 15:09:57 <skaet> looks like both issues are known, and we'll be keeping fingers crossed nothing else shows up.

 15:10:22 <cjwatson> I think in practice 769359 is probably a bug somewhere else, depending on what process got killed

 15:11:01 <cjwatson> installs just inherently use more memory to start with due to running from a live CD, and so ubiquity tends to get victimised by this

 15:11:15 <cjwatson> (it's not the *most* memory-compact of programs itself, but ...)

 15:11:32 <mvo> fwiw, the failure of mythubuntu is a false postive

 15:11:45 <mvo> (in the auto-upgrade-tester)

 15:13:11 <jibel> and I forgot, wubi upgrade is not tested yet.

 15:13:34 <skaet> jibel,  fix for 818177 was in discussion last night,  expect to pick it up if we re-spin server before Sunday.

 15:14:09 <skaet> jibel,  ack, re: wubi

 15:14:42 * skaet looks around,  not seeing any more comments,  moving on

 15:15:08 <skaet> [TOPIC] Security team update - jdstrand or micahg

 15:15:15 <jibel> k, we'll need a respin of desktop for today's unity and lightdm uploads

 15:15:58 <skaet> jibel,  so it seems.   ping you when its done.

 15:16:22 * skaet not seeing jdstrand,  moving on.

 15:16:31 <skaet> [TOPIC] Kernel team update - ogasawara

 15:16:38 <ogasawara> Overall status is reported at the first link below.  Burn down for Oneiric Final is at the second link below.  Burndown for the cycle is at the third link:

 15:16:38 <ogasawara> [LINK] https://wiki.ubuntu.com/KernelTeam/ReleaseStatus/Oneiric

 15:16:38 <ogasawara> [LINK] http://people.canonical.com/~platform/workitems/oneiric/canonical-kernel-team-ubuntu-11.10.html

 15:16:38 <ogasawara> [LINK] http://status.ubuntu.com/ubuntu-oneiric/group/topic-oneiric-kernel-tasks.html

 15:16:48 <ogasawara> Yesterday we uploaded a new linux-meta-3.0.0-12.14 to resolve some missing meta-packages.  This morning we also uploaded a new linux-3.0.0-12.20 kernel to resolve unmet install dependency issues for linux-image-extra.  We uploaded to -proposed as a safety precaution in case it takes too long to build.  It will be copied to the release pocket should it finish building in time, else it'll be promoted to -updates as a day 0.

 15:16:48 <ogasawara> Also, with kernel.org coming back online, upstream stable v3.0.5 and v3.0.6 were released.  We've queued these stable updates for the first Oneiric kernel SRU.  We are currently below both of our final milestone and overall burndown charts.  The remaining 2 work items are not release critical.

 15:17:16 <ogasawara> Of the remaining bugs called out on the agenda against the kernel, status is as follows:

 15:17:23 <ogasawara> #480444 - Needs further investigation.

 15:17:23 <ogasawara> #710733 - Package is for debug purposes, not release critical.

 15:17:23 <ogasawara> #714862 - Assigned to kernel dev, investigation ongoing.

 15:17:23 <ogasawara> #746133 - Fix Released.

 15:17:23 <ogasawara> #754711 - On a 3.0 oneiric kernel, system now suspends but doesn't resume.  further invetigation required.

 15:17:26 <ogasawara> #758486 - Fix Released.

 15:17:28 <ogasawara> #761082 - Confirmed against Oneiric, investigation ongoing.

 15:17:30 <ogasawara> #790712 - The order 5 allocation seems to be bogus and non-fatal; further investigation ongoing.

 15:17:32 <ogasawara> #814325 - Issue confirmed upstream, further investigation required.

 15:17:34 <ogasawara> #831954 - Fix Released.

 15:17:36 <ogasawara> #836250 - Assigned to kernel dev, performance tests indicate environmental factors.

 15:17:44 <ogasawara> Questions?

 15:17:45 <ogasawara> ..

 15:18:42 <skaet> Thanks ogasawara!   you've answered my 2 questions in your summary.

 15:19:12 <skaet> [TOPIC] Foundations team update - cjwatson

 15:19:17 <cjwatson> Bug 818177: partial workaround being tested in a PPA, may require upload prior to Sunday

 15:19:21 <cjwatson> Bug 854837: some debug output acquired, may or may not help, probably not a showstopper

 15:19:24 <cjwatson> Bug 853688: remaining piece in command-not-found not critical, -> updates

 15:19:27 <cjwatson> Important bugs elsewhere:

 15:19:30 <cjwatson> Bug 572128 in Launchpad has arisen as a regression due to the multiarch-translations work last cycle; working on getting this sorted out pre-release to avoid having to republish later

 15:19:34 <cjwatson> ..

 15:20:25 <skaet> Thanks cjwatson!  bugs noted.

 15:20:29 <skaet> anyone have questions?

 15:21:07 <cjwatson> oh, s/last cycle/this cycle/ in my last line there, sorry

 15:21:08 <skaet> [TOPIC] Server team update - Daviey

 15:21:46 <Daviey> o/

 15:21:51 <skaet> :)

 15:21:56 <Daviey> bug 801494 - Multi part LVM layout: system fails to boot due to missing volumes - Suspect related to other udev issues, which foundations are investigating

 15:22:00 <Daviey> bug 850880 - cobbler-ubuntu-import does not pull from -updates - Assigned to adam who is travelling until Eow, it's touching a universe package so not a huge rush.

 15:22:02 <Daviey> bug 838581 - Failures in db_pool code: 'NoneType' object has no attribute '_keymap' or not returning rows. - will be in next nova upload

 15:22:11 <Daviey> bug 803488 - [Oneiric] Load xen_blkback and xen_netback on startup

 15:22:23 <Daviey> - Need to confirm the fix (univese package)

 15:22:36 <Daviey> Really, i think we are looking OK.

 15:22:57 <Daviey> I don't think there is anything urgent that we need to touch a main package for at the current time.

 15:23:01 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 801494 in Ubuntu "Multi part LVM layout: system fails to boot due to missing volumes" [High,Incomplete] https://launchpad.net/bugs/801494

 15:23:01 <Daviey> RC - might proove otherwise.

 15:23:05 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 850880 in cobbler (Ubuntu Oneiric) "cobbler-ubuntu-import does not pull from -updates" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/850880

 15:23:07 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 838581 in nova (Ubuntu) "Failures in db_pool code: 'NoneType' object has no attribute '_keymap' or not returning rows." [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/838581

 15:23:11 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 803488 in xen-common (Ubuntu Oneiric) "[Oneiric] Load xen_blkback and xen_netback on startup" [Medium,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/803488

 15:23:28 <Daviey> The udev bug(s), which foundations are looking at is causing concern.

 15:23:57 <Daviey> ..

 15:24:47 <Daviey> tap tap, is this thing on?

 15:24:50 <skaet> Thanks Daviey!

 15:24:53 <Daviey> \o/

 15:24:57 <skaet> yup,  just looking up some of the bugs.

 15:24:59 <Daviey> Questions?

 15:25:36 <skaet> what bugs fixes do you want to trigger respins before Sunday?

 15:25:53 <skaet> 818177,  xen-linux-system - are the two that I've noted.

 15:26:01 <skaet> am I missing something?

 15:26:01 <Daviey> I'm not sure we have any which we need to do TBH.

 15:26:19 <Daviey> There might be a tweak to the cobbler enlistment tool... (no bug))

 15:26:28 <Daviey> but otherwise, thigns we NEED to do - seem to be complete

 15:26:45 <Daviey> If the dev issue(s) are solved before then, i'd uite like a respin :)

 15:26:51 <Daviey> s/dev/udev/

 15:27:08 <skaet> Daviey,  fair enough.   thanks.

 15:27:28 <skaet> Daviey,  how do the cloud images look?

 15:27:38 <Daviey> Great!

 15:27:43 <Daviey> i think they have had more exposure this cycle.

 15:27:46 <skaet> good to hear.  :)

 15:27:57 <Daviey> things were noticed earlier, i think.

 15:28:18 <skaet> :)

 15:28:26 <skaet> [TOPIC] ARM team update - ogra_

 15:28:57 <ogra_> GRR, if the unity launcher wouldnt always move in front of me i could actually paste ...

 15:29:13 <ogra_> = Full Status is at: =

 15:29:13 <ogra_> https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ARMTeam/ReleaseStatus/Oneiric

 15:29:13 <ogra_> --

 15:29:13 <ogra_> = Summary =

 15:29:13 <ogra_> * Team focus is on image testing this and next week

 15:29:15 <ogra_> * Banshee was finally dropped yesterday, there seems to be no fix in sight atm, bug is still being researched but we didnt want to risk the release

 15:29:18 <ogra_> * There was one uboot upload to fix an overheating problem on OMAP 4460, so that oneiric images will work on the new panda platforms.

 15:29:21 <ogra_> * The partman-uboot issue was not solved, we will release-note that guided partitioning creates to small boot partitions.

 15:29:24 <ogra_> --

 15:29:26 <ogra_> = Image Status =

 15:29:28 <ogra_> * Desktop images build

 15:29:30 <ogra_> * Server images are good

 15:29:32 <ogra_> * Netboot images are fine too

 15:29:34 <ogra_> --

 15:29:36 <ogra_> = Specs =

 15:29:38 <ogra_> - Entire http://people.canonical.com/~platform/workitems/oneiric/ubuntu-arm.html

 15:29:40 <ogra_> --

 15:29:42 <ogra_> ha !

 15:29:49 <ogra_> copy/paste from a maximized terminal really needs some usability rework :P

 15:30:30 * skaet suggests a bug be opened.... against Precise ;)

 15:30:31 <pitti> I just disable the launcher popup on the screen edge, it drives me crazy

 15:30:47 <pitti> skaet: believe me, we argued for hours and days -- design decision

 15:30:52 <pitti> (in natty already)

 15:30:56 <ogra_> yeah

 15:30:57 * jibel hands some stacking issues to ogra_ so the launcher will shows behind windows.

 15:31:15 <ogra_> marking something on the top left corner always makes you end up on the launcher ...

 15:31:22 <ogra_> jibel, lol

 15:31:28 <ogra_> exactly what i need :)

 15:31:42 <ogra_> skaet, anyway, not much from arm today, we're in testing mode

 15:32:16 <skaet> ogra_ thanks!   suspected that would be the case,  and will keep fingers crossed nothing too critical pops up.

 15:32:24 <ogra_> thanks :)

 15:32:28 <skaet> any questions for ogra_ ?

 15:32:44 <skaet> [TOPIC] Linaro update - fabo

 15:32:50 <fabo> = Developer Platform =

 15:33:00 <fabo> * Planning for Linaro 11.10 took most of the week

 15:33:08 <fabo> * Switch to Oneiric based images on-going; several regressions to fix compared to Natty images; server image added;

 15:33:18 <fabo> * New Unity 3D with full GLES support planned to be integrated on Oneiric based images

 15:33:27 <fabo> * John Rigby has pushed fixes for bug 867670 and bug 867650

 15:33:29 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 867670 in u-boot-linaro (Ubuntu) "OMAP 4460 based pandas run too hot at current operating point" [High,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/867670

 15:33:30 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 867650 in u-boot-linaro (Ubuntu) "OMAP4 eMMC support is missing" [High,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/867650

 15:33:39 <fabo> * Marcin has pushed a fix for bug 864591

 15:33:40 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 864591 in armel-cross-toolchain-base (Ubuntu) "gcc-4.6-arm-linux-gnueabi is uninstallable on Oneiric" [Medium,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/864591

 15:33:45 <fabo> ..

 15:34:11 <skaet> Thanks fabo!

 15:34:27 * skaet will ask about the  regressions a bit more next week offline.

 15:34:55 <skaet> [TOPIC] Ubuntu One Team - joshuahoover

 15:34:55 <fabo> skaet: ok :)

 15:35:06 <joshuahoover> there are 2 bugs that we have targeted for srus right now:

 15:35:11 <joshuahoover> bug 807737 - u1-client file sync - corner case where files can be moved to the trash, fix is ready just needs packaged & uploaded as an sru (in both oneiric and natty)

 15:35:11 <joshuahoover> bug 851044  - banshee music store crash - webkit fix for this bug fixes the crash, we'll still release a fix for libu1 as an sru

 15:35:12 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 807737 in ubuntuone-client (Ubuntu Oneiric) "LR should not touch the hashes of non-existant MD" [High,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/807737

 15:35:14 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 851044 in libubuntuone (Ubuntu Oneiric) "Banshee.exe crashed with SIGABRT in g_cclosure_marshal_VOID__VOID() / while using Ubuntu 1 Store." [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/851044

 15:35:17 <joshuahoover> and one other bug that should be fixed in our packages but could still cause problems due to a bug elsewhere:

 15:35:22 <joshuahoover> bug 825280 - t-bird u1 address book - we fixed the authentication related errors in a desktopcouch release & released an update to couchdb-glib as well that provides a fix but we may still see "book backend is opening" errors which are likely due to recent changes in evolution-data-server

 15:35:23 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 825280 in couchdb (Ubuntu Oneiric) "Repeated Ubuntu One address book errors" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/825280

 15:35:38 <joshuahoover> ...and that's it

 15:35:40 <joshuahoover> --

 15:35:57 <skaet> thanks joshuahoover!   can that last one be release noted?

 15:36:31 <joshuahoover> skaet: yes, i believe so, i'm still personally trying to test it to see if it's an issue

 15:36:57 <skaet> thanks!   please let me know the results of your testing.

 15:37:09 <joshuahoover> skaet: will do :)

 15:37:10 <skaet> :)

 15:37:19 <skaet> [TOPIC] Desktop Team update  - pitti

 15:37:26 <pitti> Almost exclusively RC bug fixing and debugging this week. In particular, we fixed several critical issues in lightdm.

 15:37:31 <pitti> Landed final langpacks today, not yet on the currently tested images. In particular, this now has the translations for the new ubuntu-docs. This uncovered bug 869815, but that got worked around by some manual hacking.

 15:37:32 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 869815 in langpack-o-matic "does not properly install mallard help files" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/869815

 15:37:35 <pitti> Cleaned up http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/kernel-bugs/reports/rls-mgr-o-tracking-bugs.html#desktop -- all but one now have assignees, and closed the duplicate/already fixed ones

 15:37:40 <pitti> At this point, all release-tracked bugs on above list/on our radar are SRU candidates and not release blockers (those were fixed in late uploads).

 15:37:46 <pitti> Planned 0-day SRUs so far:

 15:37:50 <pitti> * cups (bug 860691 and bug 860498); I'd be happy with uploading it right now (the patch looks safe to me), but as skaet called out a hard freeze now, it's in the -proposed queue for now.

 15:37:51 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 860691 in cups (Ubuntu) "cupsd crashed with SIGSEGV in main() straight after boot and then periodically." [Medium,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/860691

 15:37:53 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 860498 in cups (Ubuntu) "cupsd crashed with SIGSEGV in main() : cannot access memory at address 0x7ffffff7" [Medium,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/860498

 15:38:00 <pitti> Status of other release targetted bugs is on https://wiki.ubuntu.com/DesktopTeam/ReleaseStatus#rcbugs

 15:38:06 <pitti> ..

 15:39:03 <skaet> Thanks pitti,  that answered my questions about the SRUs quite nicely.

 15:39:28 <skaet> I'll go in and mark all of the ones on the lists as updates, and Precise targets then.

 15:39:56 <pitti> skaet: I think I already did that

 15:40:28 <skaet> pitti,  coolio.  :)   is everything in now,  for a respin for jibel?   or do we need to wait for a few things to land?

 15:40:35 <pitti> i. e. dropping the ubuntu-11.10 milestone, and moving to -updates

 15:40:44 <skaet> yup, that should have done it.

 15:40:47 <pitti> skaet: yes from my side, unless we want cups

 15:40:55 <pitti> langpacks are all built

 15:41:06 <pitti> but cups is by far not a blocker

 15:41:29 <pitti> I saw a software-center landing in the queue, though; haven't looked at that yet

 15:41:43 <skaet> if cups not a blocker,  prefer to leave it in the 0day SRU bucket at this point.

 15:42:00 <skaet> re: software-center.  ok, lets discuss after meeting.

 15:42:05 <pitti> skaet: oh, hang on; the current linux build doesn't change anything but the broken dependency, but we might want that on the images, I think

 15:42:25 <pitti> (if for nothing else than to test for toolchain regressions and the like)

 15:43:20 <skaet> pitti,  yes.  prefer to check while we can.   ok. we'll see when it lands, and decide.

 15:44:02 <skaet> [TOPIC] Desktop Experience Team Update - dbarth_

 15:44:07 <dbarth_> hello

 15:44:11 <dbarth_> report at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/DesktopExperienceTeam/OneiricReleaseStatus

 15:44:29 <dbarth_> point release upload on tuesday

 15:45:03 <dbarth_> we have more 0-day sru candidates for compiz & unity, tracked at http://tinyurl.com/6bo5mro (ie the crticals)

 15:45:22 <dbarth_> in particular the recent compiz issues reported have a fix in testing

 15:45:39 <dbarth_> #869316 and #869919

 15:45:53 <dbarth_> ..

 15:46:34 <skaet> Thanks for the SRU list,  dbarth_!

 15:46:55 <skaet> I'll take a pass through them after the meeting and cross check against the ones I've been tracking.

 15:47:12 <dbarth_> ok

 15:47:20 <skaet> Is there anything you consider a blocker at this point that can't be fixed with those 0 day SRU ones?

 15:47:30 <dbarth_> i've cross checked those as well

 15:48:02 <dbarth_> no show stopper that i can spot

 15:48:19 <skaet> thanks!  very glad to here it.

 15:48:24 <dbarth_> the compiz issues are disappointing, but they can't block you for installing., booting, updating

 15:49:12 <skaet> any other questions for dbarth_?

 15:49:35 <skaet> [TOPIC] Kubuntu Team update - ScottK

 15:50:39 * skaet looks around for ScottK?

 15:50:51 <skaet> [TOPIC] Edubuntu Team update - stgraber or highvoltage

 15:50:57 <stgraber> Hi everyone!

 15:50:57 <stgraber> Edubuntu still looks good this week.

 15:50:57 <stgraber> I've started running upgrade testing yesterday and didn't run into any noticable/unexpected problem, expecting to have these done today.

 15:51:00 <stgraber> mvo also just started running auto upgrade testing of Edubuntu! that should save me quite a bit of time, thanks!

 15:51:01 * highvoltage waves

 15:51:03 <stgraber> WebLive is now available on Oneiric though not the install-anything function that will still need some more work (but can wait till post-release).

 15:51:06 <stgraber> Only bugs found in WebLive so far are: bug 870055 and bug 870061 with the first one being the worst. I hope to have it fixed by release so I can just run a custom unity-2d build.

 15:51:08 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 870055 in unity-2d "[panel] Menus don't stay open if mouse button is not pressed in a weblive session" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/870055

 15:51:09 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 870061 in indicator-sound (Ubuntu) "indicator-menu crashes the whole session when using NX" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/870061

 15:51:10 <stgraber> I'll be doing more WebLive testing and fixing on Sunday from London as the latency to the servers is going to be much lower (WebLive is hosted in Germany).

 15:51:13 <stgraber> mgariepy will get us new screenshots of everything and I hope to have all the documentation and release anouncement written this weekend so I can just flip the switch on Thursday.

 15:51:18 <stgraber> And that's it!

 15:51:20 <stgraber> ..

 15:51:23 <stgraber> Questions?

 15:51:48 <skaet> Thanks stgraber!   sounds good.   :)

 15:52:23 <skaet> [TOPIC] Xubuntu Team update - charlie-tca

 15:52:39 <charlie-tca> Xubuntu looks good at this time. Images are sized good again. blueman crashes after the restart, it will probably be fixed with an update. We are not planning 0day SRU's at this time and no blockers today.

 15:52:47 <charlie-tca> bug 840094 : I will add it to release notes, users installing from the desktop have no issue. It will only affect those who do not run the live session installer.

 15:52:49 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 840094 in xubuntu-default-settings (Ubuntu Oneiric) "[xubuntu] There is no screen title" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/840094

 15:53:01 <charlie-tca> I should probably say the Xubuntu will be writing separate release notes for the final release. We will be putting in a reference to them in the Ubuntu release notes.

 15:53:07 <charlie-tca> Any questions?

 15:53:09 <charlie-tca> ..

 15:53:41 <skaet> Thanks charlie-tca!   That sounds fine re: release notes.

 15:53:48 <skaet> glad no blockers on your side.

 15:54:25 <charlie-tca> That's not to say they won't mess us up with the latest changes, of course.

 15:55:09 * skaet is keeping her fingers crossed that is not the case.

 15:55:17 <skaet> [TOPIC] Lubuntu Team update - gilir

 15:55:23 <gilir> hi :)

 15:55:28 <gilir> Not much to report this week.

 15:55:35 <gilir> Still fighting with bug 854837, still not reproductible and difficult to track.

 15:55:37 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 854837 in casper (Ubuntu Oneiric) "Lubuntu live image boots to TTY" [High,Incomplete] https://launchpad.net/bugs/854837

 15:55:42 <gilir> Other bugs we are tracking on ISO testing are known issues since a long time on Lubuntu, or minor issues (nothing to block the release).

 15:55:49 <gilir> No 0-day SRU planned.

 15:55:52 <gilir> ..

 15:56:01 <skaet> Thanks gilir!

 15:56:57 <skaet> Will we be release noting 854837, or still hoping for a fix.

 15:56:59 <skaet> ?

 15:57:24 <gilir> probably just release noting if I can't reproduce it

 15:57:35 <skaet> ack.

 15:57:39 <gilir> I plan to test on more hardware to try to reproduce it and give mor einfo

 15:57:48 <skaet> good luck.

 15:57:57 <gilir> thanks :)

 15:58:01 <skaet> [TOPIC] MOTU Team update - tumbleweed

 15:58:17 <tumbleweed> hi. pretty quiet week for MOTU (quite cycle too)

 15:58:31 <tumbleweed> nothing big remaining, that I know of, except the vlc sync that still needs review

 15:58:45 <tumbleweed> and piles of RC bugs that should probably be review, but we're running out of time on that...

 15:58:52 <tumbleweed> ..

 15:59:15 <Laney> yeah, please help with http://qa.ubuntuwire.com/bugs/rcbugs/ if you get bored

 15:59:29 <skaet> Thanks tumbleweed and Laney.  :)

 16:00:12 <skaet> [TOPIC] any other business?  comments?   questions?

 16:00:32 <doko> https://wiki.ubuntu.com/P-SeriesOpening

 16:00:59 <doko> please add to this page, and prepare packages for next Friday

 16:01:12 * cjwatson takes dpkg from that list

 16:01:20 <cjwatson> I'll prepare it in whatever dead time there is at the release spsrint

 16:01:22 <cjwatson> *sprint

 16:01:35 <skaet> thanks for raising doko. :)

 16:01:54 <cjwatson> also next Thursday if you can :-)

 16:02:04 <skaet> https://wiki.ubuntu.com/OneiricOcelot/TechnicalOverview

 16:02:13 <cjwatson> sometimes we manage to do some initial opening on the Thursdday

 16:02:13 <rickspencer3> o/

 16:02:20 <pitti> cjwatson, doko: I suppose uploads to precise won't work until we release oneriic?

 16:02:33 <cjwatson> pitti: pretty sure they won't

 16:02:52 <skaet> pitti, that's my belief as well.

 16:02:58 <doko> pitti, no, use oneiric ppa's to prepare binaries

 16:03:22 <pitti> doko: is there a common one for ~ubuntu-core-dev?

 16:03:26 <pitti> which we usually use?

 16:03:36 <doko> no

 16:04:06 <doko> debhelper build time is not the problem

 16:06:40 <skaet> https://wiki.ubuntu.com/OneiricOcelot/TechnicalOverview - is open for any bugs you think worth release noting at this point.

 16:06:57 <rickspencer3> skaet, can I say something at this point in the meeting?

 16:06:59 <pitti> skaet: o/

 16:07:09 <skaet> rickspencer3, go.

 16:07:14 <rickspencer3> I just wanted to say ..

 16:07:18 <rickspencer3> I know everyone is working really hard

 16:07:26 <pitti> OMG we're fired

 16:07:26 <rickspencer3> and Oneiric is coming in hot hot hot

 16:07:29 <rickspencer3> but ...

 16:07:31 <rickspencer3> lol

 16:07:50 <rickspencer3> Oneiric is simply the best client OS I have ever used on both of my computers

 16:08:14 <rickspencer3> and, the server and juju make we want to start doing web programming again!

 16:08:30 <doko> skaet, do you plan to add some developer technical info to this page?

 16:08:36 <rickspencer3> I just wanted to say that, because I know that when the Ubuntu community is heads down cranking out releases ...

 16:08:54 <rickspencer3> people get close to the problems, and sometimes it's hard to see the forest for the trees

 16:09:00 <rickspencer3> </soapbox>

 16:09:04 <rickspencer3> thanks skaet

 16:09:29 <skaet> thanks rickspencer3   good to remind us.   :)

 16:10:07 <skaet> doko,  if you've got some suggestions, feel free to add.   I'll be doing more passes today, and over the weekend.

 16:10:11 <skaet> pitti,  go

 16:10:18 <pitti> http://china-images.ubuntu.com/oneiric/daily-live/20111001/ is still oversized

 16:10:22 <pitti> forgot to mention in my slot

 16:10:35 <ogra_> rickspencer3, with precise you will  even be able to do your web programming for juju on arm and save the environment !

 16:10:35 <pitti> what remains to be done is to build them from main only

 16:10:44 <pitti> that'll downsize them by 21 MB and get them in shape

 16:10:54 <rickspencer3> thanks ogra_ ;)

 16:10:59 <pitti> need to coordinate with cjwatson, it just somewhat dropped in my priority list last week, sorry

 16:11:09 <skaet> pitti, thanks for bringing up now.  :)

 16:11:12 <pitti> skaet: just in case someone asks or brings it up

 16:11:51 <skaet> and with that,  this will be the last weekly meeting until after UDS-P.

 16:12:10 <skaet> Thanks again every one for the hard work on getting oneiric ready for release!

 16:12:19 <pitti> ah, was about to ask -- so no meeting next Friday, good

 16:12:36 <pitti> o/

 16:12:36 <skaet> yup.

 16:12:42 <skaet> pitti, go

 16:12:43 <pitti> when should we accept oneiric-proposed uploads?

 16:12:47 <pitti> on Monday?

 16:13:06 <pitti> (there's two in the queue already)

 16:13:16 <cjwatson> are we accepting apport and kerneloops today?

 16:13:32 <pitti> so far my standing order for that was to accept them on Sunday and then trigger all image builds

 16:13:39 <pitti> so that we have everything ready on Monday morning

 16:13:49 <cjwatson> ah, ok - should I upload a base-files for the same batch then?

 16:14:00 <pitti> so that we still have apport for testing today's images

 16:14:12 <pitti> cjwatson: ah, makes sense

 16:14:35 <skaet> yes, given some of the things landing,  seems reasonable.

 16:15:08 <pitti> I think accepting SRUs on Monday for testing should work as well

 16:15:19 <skaet> re: oneiric-proposed,  lets touch base on Monday.

 16:15:21 <pitti> if we really need a final upload, we'd just bump teh version and reupload to -proposed

 16:15:30 <pitti> but we need to give them some testing for 0-day SRUs

 16:15:36 <pitti> I'm particularly thinking on firefox there

 16:15:42 * skaet nods

 16:16:12 <Daviey> cjwatson: ogasawara confirmed she was happy for kerneloops to be accepted a while ago.

 16:16:17 <pitti> bug 869311

 16:16:19 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 869311 in firefox (Ubuntu Oneiric) "searchplugins installation damaged after natty->oneiric upgrade" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/869311

 16:16:26 <pitti> ... which I forgot to mention, argh

 16:17:26 <pitti> (added to https://wiki.ubuntu.com/DesktopTeam/ReleaseStatus now)

 16:18:19 <Daviey> cjwatson: bug 759545 still has a 11.10 target.. do you want to update that?

 16:18:20 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 759545 in grub2 (Ubuntu Oneiric) "user prompted to update unmodified grub configuration during Ubuntu server upgrade" [Medium,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/759545

 16:19:01 <cjwatson> Daviey: yes, will bump to precise

 16:19:41 <skaet> any more comments/questions,  feel free to raise in #ubuntu-meeting

 16:19:48 <skaet> Thanks mlegris, jibel, ogasawara, cjwatson, Daviey, ogra_, fabo, pitti, dbarth_, stgraber, charlie-tca, gilir, tumbleweed, Laney, doko, rickspencer3!

 16:19:51 <skaet> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/AlanBell/mootbot)