== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Status Updates meeting, started by bdmurray, 25 Jul at 15:09 &mdash; 15:51 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2024/ubuntu-meeting.2024-07-25-15.09.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

 * ''LINK:'' https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/foundations-team-updates-thursday-2024-07-25/46682   (bdmurray, 15:09)

=== Status Updates ===

Discussion started by bdmurray at 15:10.


=== Release incoming bugs ===

Discussion started by bdmurray at 15:17.

 * ''LINK:'' http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-oo-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs   (bdmurray, 15:18)
 * ''LINK:'' http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-nn-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs   (bdmurray, 15:22)

=== Team proposed-migration report ===

Discussion started by bdmurray at 15:25.

 * ''LINK:'' https://ubuntu-archive-team.ubuntu.com/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs   (bdmurray, 15:26)

=== AOB ===

Discussion started by bdmurray at 15:44.




== People present (lines said) ==

 * bdmurray (45)
 * slyon (6)
 * schopin (4)
 * bdrung (4)
 * Skia (4)
 * upils (3)
 * meetingology (2)
 * enr0n (2)
 * mateus-morais (1)
 * ravikant_ (1)
 * ogayot (1)
 * dbungert (1)
 * zhsj (1)
 * adrien (1)



== Full log ==


 15:09 <bdmurray> #startmeeting

 15:09 <meetingology> Meeting started at 15:09:09 UTC.  The chair is bdmurray.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 15:09 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 15:09 <bdmurray> #meetingtopic Status Updates

 15:09 <bdmurray> https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/foundations-team-updates-thursday-2024-07-25/46682

 15:10 <bdmurray> #topic Status Updates

 15:10 <bdmurray> Let's take a couple of minutes to finish reviewing the status updates

 15:13 <bdmurray> schopin: can you tell me more about apport-retrace for not amd64?

 15:15 <schopin> bdmurray: bdrung had the strange idea of actually writing tests for apport-retrace. That was the start of a long series of issues, mostly with the test assumptions but also with some of the code. bdrung probably kept better track of it.

 15:15 <bdmurray> Okay

 15:16 <schopin> Some optimisations both in CPU and memory usage should come out of this, though.

 15:17 <bdmurray> #topic Release incoming bugs

 15:17 <bdrung> \o

 15:18 <bdmurray> #link http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-oo-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 15:19 <bdmurray> bug 1969394

 15:19 <bdmurray> Okay, it seems to be in the desktop team's backlog

 15:19 <bdmurray> Let's target it to noble and oracular for them so it'll drop from the report

 15:20 <bdmurray> bug 2073997

 15:20 <slyon> I thought we would have fixed that by having the 'vrf' module available on the autopkgtest hosts, but it seems to be flaky. CC Skia ?

 15:20 <slyon> Also, an upstream fix is pending: https://github.com/canonical/netplan/commit/586694b6beb32e36be868dff0c88cc116bf2ed8b

 15:21 <schopin> I was about to suggest that approach :)

 15:21 <slyon> I'm wondering if maybe the installed kernel modules do not always match the hosts kernel version?

 15:21 <Skia> slyon: the module should be here, but some workers might have rebooted and lost it? I'll go check

 15:22 <slyon> thanks. Anyway. It can be assigned to me and the tag dropped.

 15:22 <bdmurray> Oh right because arm64 is sad

 15:22 <Skia> that ^^^

 15:22 <bdmurray> moving on then

 15:22 <bdmurray> #link http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-nn-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 15:22 <bdmurray> bug 2043820

 15:22 <bdrung> bdmurray, regarding apport-retrace: recently i spent most of my time on https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/apport/+bug/2073787

 15:22 <bdmurray> enr0n: the point release is coming up soon

 15:24 <enr0n> I will plan on working that upgrade bug next week

 15:24 <bdmurray> Thanks!

 15:24 <bdmurray> I'll remove the rls-nn-incoming tag then

 15:24 <bdmurray> ff is empty so we are done there

 15:25 <bdmurray> and I meant jj - too many LTSes

 15:25 <bdmurray> #topic Team proposed-migration report

 15:26 <bdmurray> #link https://ubuntu-archive-team.ubuntu.com/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs

 15:28 <bdmurray> pyopenssl - mwhudson

 15:28 <bdmurray> apport - bdrung

 15:28 <bdrung> ack, i haven't done much else :D

 15:29 <bdmurray> uralt - bpftrace

 15:29 <bdmurray> glibc - schopin

 15:31 <bdmurray> setuptools - andersson123

 15:32 <bdmurray> autodep8 - mateus-morais

 15:32 <mateus-morais> bdmurray ack

 15:33 <ravikant_> setuptools is with vpa1977

 15:33 <bdmurray> okay

 15:34 <bdmurray> bdrung: initramfs-tools

 15:35 <bdrung> ack

 15:36 <bdmurray> upils: pkgconf

 15:36 <upils> ack

 15:37 <bdmurray> doko: python3.12

 15:37 <bdmurray> enr0n: systemd

 15:37 <enr0n> ack

 15:38 <bdmurray> vpa1977: bpfcc

 15:39 <bdmurray> ogayot: python3-stdlib-extensions

 15:39 <upils> schopin it looks like gcc-14 striked again for pkgconf :D

 15:39 <ogayot> bdmurray: ack!

 15:39 <bdmurray> slyon: mawk

 15:39 <upils> all of this investigation on libdmapsharing was not all for nothing!

 15:39 <schopin> Aha, nice to hear ;)

 15:40 <slyon> ack

 15:40 <bdmurray> I've retried libgd-perl

 15:41 <bdmurray> dbungert: python-dateutil

 15:41 <bdmurray> bdmurray: python3-defaults (I suspect a bunch of these need retrying)

 15:42 <dbungert> ack for python-dateutil

 15:43 <bdmurray> waveform: binutils

 15:44 <bdmurray> I think that's good

 15:44 <bdmurray> #topic AOB

 15:45 <slyon> I'm off to DebConf next week

 15:46 <Skia> starting next Tuesday and for 10 days, I'll travelling, so mostly available to answer questions, but very asynchronously

 15:46 <Skia> I'll be*

 15:46 <zhsj> debconf next week as well

 15:48 <adrien> I'll be off for 4 weeks

 15:51 <bdmurray> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)