== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team meeting, started by juliank, 05 Dec at 16:02 &mdash; 17:13 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2024/ubuntu-meeting.2024-12-05-16.02.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning rounds ===

Discussion started by juliank at 16:02.

 * ''LINK:'' https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/foundations-team-updates-thursday-2024-12-05/50606   (juliank, 16:02)

=== Release incoming bugs ===

Discussion started by juliank at 16:16.

 * ''LINK:'' http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/rls-mgr/rls-pp-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs   (juliank, 16:17)
 * ''LINK:'' http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/rls-mgr/rls-oo-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs   (juliank, 16:29)
 * ''LINK:'' http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/rls-mgr/rls-nn-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs   (juliank, 16:40)
 * ''LINK:'' http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/rls-mgr/rls-ff-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs   (juliank, 16:56)

=== Team proposed-migration report ===

Discussion started by juliank at 16:58.

 * ''LINK:'' https://ubuntu-archive-team.ubuntu.com/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs   (juliank, 16:58)

=== AOB ===

Discussion started by juliank at 17:12.




== People present (lines said) ==

 * juliank (56)
 * waveform (14)
 * adrien (5)
 * mkukri (3)
 * meetingology (2)
 * mateus-morais (2)
 * dviererbe (2)
 * bdrung (2)
 * liushuyu (2)
 * r41k0u (1)
 * andersson123 (1)
 * levihackerman_ (1)
 * xypron (1)
 * Skia (1)



== Full log ==


 16:02 <juliank> #startmeeting Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team

 16:02 <meetingology> Meeting started at 16:02:29 UTC.  The chair is juliank.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 16:02 <r41k0u> o/

 16:02 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 16:02 <juliank> #topic Lightning rounds

 16:02 <juliank> #link https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/foundations-team-updates-thursday-2024-12-05/50606

 16:02 <andersson123> o/

 16:03 <mateus-morais> o/

 16:03 <levihackerman_> o/

 16:04 <dviererbe> o/

 16:05 <adrien> I think I was waiting for a sponsor to pick up a changer I never sent...

 16:06 <mateus-morais> dviererbe I wouldn't know how to say that one time slowly

 16:06 <dviererbe> :D

 16:10 <xypron> o/

 16:16 <juliank> #topic Release incoming bugs

 16:17 <juliank> #link http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/rls-mgr/rls-pp-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 16:17 <juliank> bug 2089151

 16:17 <juliank> This is true and we don't have a clear way to solve this

 16:18 <juliank> We could run every 5 minutes I guess

 16:19 <juliank> I'm not sure we should be fetching a lot of data and decompress them using all your CPU cores and whatnot on battery

 16:19 <adrien> I think it's a pretty common situation in other operating systems: at some point there is an expectation that your machine/device is in a state where background updates can happen

 16:20 <juliank> If we design a nice daemon we could have it e.g. download 1 package and upgrade that and it rate limits itself when on battery

 16:20 <bdrung> how about having these services ignore the ConditionACPower=true in case their update was $x days ago and the system is not low on power?

 16:20 <adrien> but what may want is something that _wait_ for the conditions rather than checks them every n minutes

 16:20 <juliank> See, ConditionACPower just skips, it doesn't wait

 16:20 <waveform> indeed, some condition that can check AC or battery >=75% (insert arbitrary level here) rather than straight AC

 16:21 <juliank> And then we need to stop unattended-upgrades once power level goes low

 16:21 <juliank> But also we disable suspend

 16:21 <juliank> In  any case this can't be solved at a bug level, it needs a complete epic and stories

 16:21 <waveform> true

 16:22 <adrien> +1

 16:23 <juliank> tagging it

 16:25 <juliank> bug 2089690

 16:25 <juliank> We are writing a spec for it and then we'll do the MIR

 16:29 <juliank> #link http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/rls-mgr/rls-oo-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 16:30 <juliank> bug 2085713

 16:31 <mkukri> this is weird

 16:31 <mkukri> what's taking the md5sum of a tmpfile

 16:35 <juliank> I think that's a debconf bug

 16:35 <juliank> env $ucf_env ucf --three-way --debconf-ok --sum-file=/usr/share/grub/default/grub.md5sum "$tmp_default_grub" /etc/default/grub

 16:39 <juliank> set to incomplete

 16:40 <juliank> #link http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/rls-mgr/rls-nn-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 16:40 <juliank> bug 1888347

 16:43 <juliank> There does not seem to be a consensus

 16:44 <juliank> Tagged incomplete

 16:44 <juliank> 2090972

 16:44 <juliank> bug 2090972

 16:45 <juliank> This is SRU sponsoring request afaict

 16:47 <juliank> bug 2088268

 16:48 <juliank> security is looking more let's revisit next week

 16:48 <juliank> Skipping the apport bug that is a gtk bug

 16:48 <juliank> bug 2083993

 16:49 <juliank> Skia: what's special about it for tagging?

 16:51 <Skia> juliank: that's u-r-u, so on us, and this is an `apport-bug` that has a lot of attachements, so we might be able to investigate at least a bit if this was a kinda of regular use, or if that was a completely broken system...

 16:51 <mkukri> sorry have to drop, but please assign me proposed migration when the meeting gets there

 16:51 <juliank> Skia: Yes but we  triage those out of band

 16:53 <liushuyu> also can we assign bug 2041518 to the desktop team so they will see that from their list?

 16:54 <juliank> bug 2055825

 16:54 <juliank> liushuyu: they also have an incoming list they see it on

 16:56 <juliank> #link http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/rls-mgr/rls-ff-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 16:56 <juliank> bug 2056291

 16:57 <juliank> Ugh

 16:57 <juliank> So kind of the process writing it should take a lock probably

 16:58 <juliank> Because you need to figure out if the process owning the temporary file is dead before you write to it

 16:58 <liushuyu> juliank: I see

 16:58 <juliank> Tagging it todo

 16:58 <juliank> That said, this happens in unclean shutdowns

 16:58 <juliank> #topic Team proposed-migration report

 16:58 <juliank> #link https://ubuntu-archive-team.ubuntu.com/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs

 17:00 <bdrung> apport vs iputils is still with schopin and me (pending new apport release)

 17:03 <waveform> python-attrs still with levihackerman

 17:03 <waveform> gdb's still with doko

 17:03 <waveform> boost1.83's still with vpa1977

 17:03 <waveform> libgit2 with liushuyu

 17:05 <waveform> twisted for sespiros

 17:06 <waveform> dnspython for adrianoco

 17:07 <waveform> okay, ignore dnspython as that's part of python3-defaults

 17:08 <waveform> right, talloc for adrianoco

 17:08 <waveform> dracut for bdrung

 17:09 <waveform> openssl is already with adrien

 17:10 <waveform> debootstrap for chrisccoulson

 17:10 <adrien> also, openssl has tests failing with python 3.12 and I'm not sure how to handle them since there is python3.13 too: should I just ignore them and wait for python3.13 to be ready?

 17:11 <waveform> pyopenssl vs freedombox for mkukri

 17:12 <juliank> I think it's back to me

 17:12 <juliank> #topic AOB

 17:13 <juliank> Send a . if you have some now

 17:13 <juliank> 5

 17:13 <juliank> 4

 17:13 <juliank> 3

 17:13 <juliank> 2

 17:13 <juliank> 1!

 17:13 <juliank> 0!

 17:13 <juliank> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)