== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team meeting, started by dbungert, 26 Sep at 15:02 &mdash; 15:45 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2024/ubuntu-meeting.2024-09-26-15.02.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning rounds ===

Discussion started by dbungert at 15:02.

 * ''LINK:'' https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/foundations-team-updates-thursday-2024-09-26/48290   (dbungert, 15:02)

=== Release incoming bugs ===

Discussion started by dbungert at 15:12.

 * ''LINK:'' http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-oo-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs   (dbungert, 15:12)
 * ''LINK:'' http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-nn-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs   (dbungert, 15:22)
 * ''LINK:'' http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-nn-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs   (dbungert, 15:26)
 * ''LINK:'' http://launchpad.net/bugs/2046174   (dbungert, 15:27)

=== Team proposed-migration report ===

Discussion started by dbungert at 15:36.

 * ''LINK:'' https://ubuntu-archive-team.ubuntu.com/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs   (dbungert, 15:36)

=== AOB ===

Discussion started by dbungert at 15:42.




== People present (lines said) ==

 * dbungert (35)
 * vorlon (5)
 * Skia (3)
 * slyon (3)
 * meetingology (2)
 * upils (2)
 * xypron (1)
 * danilogondolfo (1)
 * zhsj (1)



== Full log ==


 15:02 <dbungert> #startmeeting Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team

 15:02 <meetingology> Meeting started at 15:02:26 UTC.  The chair is dbungert.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 15:02 <xypron> \o

 15:02 <dbungert> #topic Lightning rounds

 15:02 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 15:02 <dbungert> #link https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/foundations-team-updates-thursday-2024-09-26/48290

 15:12 <dbungert> #topic Release incoming bugs

 15:12 <dbungert> #link http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-oo-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 15:12 <dbungert> LP: #2081325

 15:12 <dbungert> just needs untag, Chad is already working on that

 15:12 <dbungert> LP: #2081604

 15:17 * Skia notes that LP apport-retracer still works, at least on that bug five days ago :-)

 15:17 <dbungert> skipping for now

 15:17 <dbungert> LP: #2081684

 15:20 <dbungert> tagging

 15:22 <dbungert> #link http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-nn-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 15:22 <dbungert> LP: #2046174

 15:24 <dbungert> upils to investigate LP#2081684

 15:24 <upils> ack

 15:26 <dbungert> LP: #2046174

 15:26 <dbungert> believe this to be for desktop

 15:26 <dbungert> #link http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-nn-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 15:26 <dbungert> LP: #2046174

 15:27 <dbungert> http://launchpad.net/bugs/2046174

 15:27 <dbungert> LP: #2078579

 15:29 <upils> LP:#2078573

 15:30 <dbungert> let's discuss the thunderbolt one

 15:32 <dbungert> tagging

 15:33 <dbungert> bdrung: please investigate ^

 15:34 <dbungert> LP: #2078579

 15:35 <dbungert> skipping

 15:36 <dbungert> mm,jj,ff are empty

 15:36 <dbungert> #topic Team proposed-migration report

 15:36 <dbungert> #link https://ubuntu-archive-team.ubuntu.com/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs

 15:37 <vorlon> why is lintian being merged post-FF

 15:38 <vorlon> and llvm-toolchain-19 just needs to finish building on riscv64

 15:38 <dbungert> cpete already has lintian, the post-FF question is a good one

 15:39 <Skia> might be because it's in the FTBFS report?

 15:40 <Skia> (this one: https://people.canonical.com/~ginggs/ftbfs-report/test-rebuild-20240912-oracular-oracular.html#foundations-bugs-team)

 15:40 <vorlon> well the merge didn't fix the build failure :).

 15:40 <dbungert> right there are two things here, the merge and the ftbfs report

 15:40 <dbungert> cpete had it from the ftbfs report

 15:41 <dbungert> slyon: please investigate livecd-rootfs proposed-migration even though only 2 days old

 15:42 <slyon> I'm out next week...

 15:42 <vorlon> missing build on ppc64el without log, I beat you to the retry button

 15:42 <vorlon> slyon: we would want it migrated this week

 15:42 <dbungert> danilogondolfo: livecd-rootfs, thanks

 15:42 <danilogondolfo> ack

 15:42 <slyon> thanks!

 15:42 <dbungert> #topic AOB

 15:43 <zhsj> i'm on holiday next week

 15:44 <slyon> I'm out tomorrow and all of next week, back for release week

 15:45 <dbungert> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)