== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status meeting, started by slyon, 18 Jun at 14:30 &mdash; 14:44 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2024/ubuntu-meeting.2024-06-18-14.30.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== current component mismatches ===

Discussion started by slyon at 14:30.

 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg   (slyon, 14:30)
 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg   (slyon, 14:30)

=== New MIRs ===

Discussion started by slyon at 14:32.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=NEW&field.status%3Alist=CONFIRMED&assignee_option=none&field.assignee=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (slyon, 14:32)

=== Incomplete bugs / questions ===

Discussion started by slyon at 14:35.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (slyon, 14:36)

=== Process/Documentation improvements ===

Discussion started by slyon at 14:37.

 * ''LINK:'' https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/pulls   (slyon, 14:37)
 * ''LINK:'' https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/issues   (slyon, 14:37)
 * ''LINK:'' https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/issues/59 is new  (slyon, 14:38)

=== MIR related Security Review Queue ===

Discussion started by slyon at 14:40.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-security/+bugs?field.searchtext=%5BMIR%5D&assignee_option=choose&field.assignee=ubuntu-security&field.bug_reporter=&field.bug_commenter=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (slyon, 14:40)
 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-security/+bugs?field.searchtext=[MIR]&assignee_option=choose&field.assignee=ubuntu-security&field.bug_reporter=&field.bug_commenter=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (slyon, 14:40)
 * ''LINK:'' https://warthogs.atlassian.net/jira/software/c/projects/SEC/boards/594   (slyon, 14:40)

=== Any other business? ===

Discussion started by slyon at 14:43.




== People present (lines said) ==

 * slyon (46)
 * sarnold (6)
 * meetingology (2)
 * jamespage (2)
 * dviererbe (1)
 * jbicha (1)



== Full log ==


 14:30 <slyon> #startmeeting Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status

 14:30 <meetingology> Meeting started at 14:30:30 UTC.  The chair is slyon.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 14:30 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 14:30 <slyon> Ping for MIR meeting - didrocks joalif slyon sarnold cpaelzer jamespage ( eslerm dviererbe )

 14:30 <slyon> #topic current component mismatches

 14:30 <slyon> Mission: Identify required actions and spread the load among the teams

 14:30 <dviererbe> o/

 14:30 <slyon> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg

 14:30 <slyon> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg

 14:31 <sarnold> good morning

 14:31 <slyon> this looks all known, with some component-mismatches left in -proposed for jamespage

 14:31 <slyon> that is: python-inflect and python-arrow

 14:31 <jamespage> here

 14:32 <slyon> we're still early in the cylce, so there should be enough time to get those resolved.

 14:32 <jamespage> I have someone in my team who is going to prepare those MIR's

 14:32 <sarnold> woot

 14:32 <slyon> nice, thanks!

 14:32 <slyon> #topic New MIRs

 14:32 <slyon> Mission: ensure to assign all incoming reviews for fast processing

 14:32 <slyon> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=NEW&field.status%3Alist=CONFIRMED&assignee_option=none&field.assignee=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 14:32 <slyon> bug #2069308

 14:33 <slyon> one new MIR for review, do we have volunteers?

 14:34 <slyon> Also, this seems to be written by non-desktop people, to be owned by Desktop. Do we have agreement on this (cc seb128, jbicha, didrocks). If so – please state your consent on the LP bug.

 14:35 <slyon> Looks like we have no volunteers for the review. So I can take it for next week (considering the owning team will be clarified by then).

 14:35 <slyon> #topic Incomplete bugs / questions

 14:35 <slyon> Mission: Identify required actions and spread the load among the teams

 14:36 <slyon> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 14:36 <slyon> bug #2066272 has some smaller ask for jbicha around testing

 14:36 <slyon> bug #2015538 – tracking update. Still needs someone doing the upstream work

 14:37 <slyon> no other recent updates

 14:37 <slyon> #topic Process/Documentation improvements

 14:37 <slyon> Mission: Review pending process/documentation pull-requests or issues

 14:37 <slyon> #link https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/pulls

 14:37 <slyon> #link https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/issues

 14:38 <slyon> https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/issues/59 is new

 14:38 <jbicha> slyon: nteodosio is Ubuntu Desktop and yes, we approve of the xdg-terminal-exec MIR

 14:38 <slyon> jbicha: cool. I wasn't aware!

 14:39 <slyon> cpaelzer, didrocks: please give you comments on https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/issues/59 – I'll also add some details after the meeting (especially links to the test-rebuilds). So we might be able to improve that section.

 14:39 <slyon> but we can do that async I guess.

 14:40 <slyon> #topic MIR related Security Review Queue

 14:40 <slyon> Mission: Check on progress, do deadlines seem doable?

 14:40 <slyon> Some clients can only work with one, some with the other escaping - the URLs point to the same place.

 14:40 <slyon> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-security/+bugs?field.searchtext=%5BMIR%5D&assignee_option=choose&field.assignee=ubuntu-security&field.bug_reporter=&field.bug_commenter=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 14:40 <slyon> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-security/+bugs?field.searchtext=[MIR]&assignee_option=choose&field.assignee=ubuntu-security&field.bug_reporter=&field.bug_commenter=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 14:40 <slyon> Internal link

 14:40 <slyon> #link https://warthogs.atlassian.net/jira/software/c/projects/SEC/boards/594

 14:40 <slyon> sarnold: how are things looking for MIR security reviews?

 14:41 <sarnold> slyon: currently, a little sad :( no takers yet for provd or sysprof, and turnover may make it challenging to find time :(

 14:42 <slyon> okay. Let's try keeping an close eye on that then. Currently, the queues look alright, so there's still a buffer. But we need to find capacity going forward.

 14:43 <slyon> #topic Any other business?

 14:43 <sarnold> none here

 14:43 * slyon feels like (almost) having a monologue :D

 14:44 <slyon> okay. this was a quick meeting then, with little things being brought up. Let's hope people do not just realize towards the end of the cycle that they need their MIRs :)

 14:44 <slyon> Let's get some 15 min back everyone. Thanks all o/

 14:44 <sarnold> slyon: oh but it's a *good* monologue, right upthere with saint crispin's speech

 14:44 <slyon> hehe

 14:44 <sarnold> thanks slyon, all :)

 14:44 <slyon> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)