== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team meeting, started by juliank, 12 Dec at 16:00 &mdash; 16:21 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2024/ubuntu-meeting.2024-12-12-16.00.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning rounds ===

Discussion started by juliank at 16:00.

 * ''LINK:'' https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/foundations-team-updates-thursday-2024-12-12/   (juliank, 16:00)

=== Release incoming bugs ===

Discussion started by juliank at 16:10.

 * ''LINK:'' http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/rls-mgr/rls-pp-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs   (juliank, 16:10)
 * ''LINK:'' http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/rls-mgr/rls-oo-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs   (juliank, 16:14)
 * ''LINK:'' https://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/rls-mgr/rls-nn-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs   (juliank, 16:16)

=== Team proposed-migration report ===

Discussion started by juliank at 16:19.

 * ''LINK:'' https://ubuntu-archive-team.ubuntu.com/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs   (juliank, 16:19)

=== AOB ===

Discussion started by juliank at 16:20.




== People present (lines said) ==

 * juliank (31)
 * schopin (3)
 * meetingology (2)
 * ginggs (1)
 * r41k0u (1)
 * liushuyu (1)
 * adrien (1)
 * mkukri (1)
 * tobhe (1)
 * mateus-morais (1)
 * uralt (1)
 * zhsj (1)
 * bdrung (1)
 * andersson123 (1)
 * enr0n (1)



== Full log ==


 16:00 <juliank> #startmeeting Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team

 16:00 <meetingology> Meeting started at 16:00:10 UTC.  The chair is juliank.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 16:00 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 16:00 <ginggs> o/

 16:00 <juliank> #topic Lightning rounds

 16:00 <juliank> #link https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/foundations-team-updates-thursday-2024-12-12/

 16:00 <r41k0u> o/

 16:00 <liushuyu> o/

 16:00 <adrien> o/

 16:00 <mkukri> o/

 16:01 <tobhe> o/

 16:01 <mateus-morais> o/

 16:01 <uralt> o/

 16:01 <zhsj> o/

 16:01 <bdrung> \o

 16:01 <andersson123> o/

 16:02 <enr0n> o/

 16:10 <juliank> #topic Release incoming bugs

 16:10 <juliank> #link http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/rls-mgr/rls-pp-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 16:10 <juliank> bug 2091440

 16:11 * schopin is late to the meeting.

 16:11 <juliank> schopin: so, IBM stuff :D

 16:12 <schopin> tag and assign it to me I guess :)

 16:12 <juliank> tagged and assigned to you

 16:12 <schopin> I'll endeavour to dump^Wgift it to someone else ;)

 16:12 <juliank> Sequoia MIR we skip

 16:13 <juliank> bug 2071640, Skia says it's a candidate for removal

 16:13 <juliank> I have run reverse-depends and verified there are none, so I'll comment and assign ubuntu-archive to it

 16:14 <juliank> #link http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/rls-mgr/rls-oo-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 16:14 <juliank> bug 2085713

 16:15 <juliank> marking it invalid

 16:16 <juliank> #link https://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/rls-mgr/rls-nn-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 16:16 <juliank> bug 1888347

 16:17 <juliank> I guess we'll wait to get more information and keep it tagged to not forget about it

 16:17 <juliank> bug 2088268 is in analysis with security

 16:17 <juliank> bug 2041518 is with desktop

 16:17 <juliank> this leaves

 16:18 <juliank> bug 2091430

 16:19 <juliank> That seems to be resolved now it was a kenrel SRU release issue

 16:19 <juliank> I'm going to untag it

 16:19 <juliank> #topic Team proposed-migration report

 16:19 <juliank> #link https://ubuntu-archive-team.ubuntu.com/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs

 16:20 <juliank> erlang FTBFS on amd64: tobhe

 16:20 <juliank> and that's that

 16:20 <juliank> #topic AOB

 16:21 <juliank> moving erlang to andersson123

 16:21 <juliank> Well I guess this wraps it up

 16:21 <juliank> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)