== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Ubuntu Technical Board meeting, started by sil2100, 27 Feb at 20:01 &mdash; 20:27 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2024/ubuntu-meeting.2024-02-27-20.01.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== Apologies ===

Discussion started by sil2100 at 20:01.


=== Action review ===

Discussion started by sil2100 at 20:02.

 * ''ACTION:'' seb128/amurray/sil2100 to help drafting the snap-store Ubuntu-specific tracks usage  (sil2100, 20:03)
 * ''ACTION:'' seb128 to organize a meeting to unblock the draft of the tracks usage section  (sil2100, 20:03)
 * ''ACTION:'' rbasak to draft a proposal of the DMB-proposed inactivity expiration policy for TB ratification  (sil2100, 20:03)
 * ''ACTION:'' rbasak to follow up on finding consensus on question of test plans for third party apps  (sil2100, 20:04)
 * ''ACTION:'' rbasak to open wider discussion on third-party repo policy  (sil2100, 20:04)
 * ''ACTION:'' seb128 to continue working with SRU, AA, Release, Backporters and Security teams to document their membership process and link to it from https://wiki.ubuntu.com/TechnicalBoard#Team_Delegations  (sil2100, 20:04)
 * ''ACTION:'' seb128 to follow-up with ubuntu cinnamon on 24.04 request  (sil2100, 20:07)
 * ''ACTION:'' vorlon to look into scripting for packages in flavor-specific overlays  (sil2100, 20:07)

=== Scan the mailing list archive for anything we missed (standing item) ===

Discussion started by sil2100 at 20:08.


=== Check up on community bugs and techboard bugs ===

Discussion started by sil2100 at 20:10.


=== AOB ===

Discussion started by sil2100 at 20:10.


=== Select a chair for the next meeting ===

Discussion started by sil2100 at 20:24.

 * ''LINK:'' https://launchpad.net/~techboard/+members lists you last and Alex next after wrapping around  (vorlon, 20:25)



== Action items, by person ==

 * rbasak
  * rbasak to draft a proposal of the DMB-proposed inactivity expiration policy for TB ratification
  * rbasak to follow up on finding consensus on question of test plans for third party apps
  * rbasak to open wider discussion on third-party repo policy
 * seb128
  * seb128/amurray/sil2100 to help drafting the snap-store Ubuntu-specific tracks usage
  * seb128 to organize a meeting to unblock the draft of the tracks usage section
  * seb128 to continue working with SRU, AA, Release, Backporters and Security teams to document their membership process and link to it from https://wiki.ubuntu.com/TechnicalBoard#Team_Delegations
  * seb128 to follow-up with ubuntu cinnamon on 24.04 request
 * sil2100
  * seb128/amurray/sil2100 to help drafting the snap-store Ubuntu-specific tracks usage
 * vorlon
  * vorlon to look into scripting for packages in flavor-specific overlays



== People present (lines said) ==

 * sil2100 (55)
 * seb128 (16)
 * meetingology (10)
 * vorlon (9)
 * sgmoore (6)
 * rbasak (4)
 * tsimonq2 (4)



== Full log ==


 20:01 <sil2100> #startmeeting Ubuntu Technical Board

 20:01 <meetingology> Meeting started at 20:01:39 UTC.  The chair is sil2100.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 20:01 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 20:01 <sil2100> #topic Apologies

 20:02 <sil2100> amurray sent his apologies for having to miss the meeting

 20:02 <sil2100> #topic Action review

 20:02 * sil2100 seb128/amurray/sil2100 to help drafting the snap-store Ubuntu-specific tracks usage

 20:02 <sil2100> There's no update from me here, not sure about seb128 or amurray, so let's just carry over for now

 20:03 <rbasak> I've been ill so haven't made any progress list last time, sorry.

 20:03 <rbasak> I was going to try and set up a higher bandwidth meeting to try to catch up on the third party repo req. stuff

 20:03 <sil2100> Let me carry over those then, no worries!

 20:03 <sil2100> #action seb128/amurray/sil2100 to help drafting the snap-store Ubuntu-specific tracks usage

 20:03 * meetingology seb128/amurray/sil2100 to help drafting the snap-store Ubuntu-specific tracks usage

 20:03 <sil2100> #action seb128 to organize a meeting to unblock the draft of the tracks usage section

 20:03 * meetingology seb128 to organize a meeting to unblock the draft of the tracks usage section

 20:03 <sil2100> #action rbasak to draft a proposal of the DMB-proposed inactivity expiration policy for TB ratification

 20:03 * meetingology rbasak to draft a proposal of the DMB-proposed inactivity expiration policy for TB ratification

 20:04 <sil2100> #action rbasak to follow up on finding consensus on question of test plans for third party apps

 20:04 * meetingology rbasak to follow up on finding consensus on question of test plans for third party apps

 20:04 <sil2100> #action rbasak to open wider discussion on third-party repo policy

 20:04 * meetingology rbasak to open wider discussion on third-party repo policy

 20:04 <sil2100> #action seb128 to continue working with SRU, AA, Release, Backporters and Security teams to document their membership process and link to it from https://wiki.ubuntu.com/TechnicalBoard#Team_Delegations

 20:04 * meetingology seb128 to continue working with SRU, AA, Release, Backporters and Security teams to document their membership process and link to it from https://wiki.ubuntu.com/TechnicalBoard#Team_Delegations

 20:04 <sil2100> So, regarding this one:

 20:04 * sil2100 seb128 to follow-up with ubuntu cinnamon on 24.04 request

 20:04 <sil2100> Does anyone remember if that happened?

 20:04 * sil2100 looks at the ML

 20:05 <sil2100> I guess not

 20:05 <seb128> hey, sorry for being late, evening rush time here

 20:05 <tsimonq2> Eickmeyer and I have been interfacing with ItzSwirlz on this front.

 20:05 <sil2100> seb128: o/

 20:05 <seb128> sil2100, no, none of my action moved, sorry

 20:05 <seb128> I was on holidays one week and now it's feature freeze coming

 20:05 <seb128> I will try to catch up next week and get things moving by the next meeting

 20:05 <sil2100> seb128: do you need help with that one? I could also take a look at it, since I know many teams might be at capacity due to FF

 20:06 <sil2100> Either way, for now carrying over!

 20:07 <sil2100> #action seb128 to follow-up with ubuntu cinnamon on 24.04 request

 20:07 * meetingology seb128 to follow-up with ubuntu cinnamon on 24.04 request

 20:07 * sil2100 vorlon to look into scripting for packages in flavor-specific overlays

 20:07 <sil2100> vorlon: ^ ?

 20:07 <vorlon> sorry, not yet done

 20:07 <sil2100> I guess time_t..?

 20:07 <vorlon> yeah ;)

 20:07 <sil2100> time_t ;)

 20:07 <seb128> sil2100, no it's fine but thanks, I will catch up next week :)

 20:07 <sil2100> #action vorlon to look into scripting for packages in flavor-specific overlays

 20:07 * meetingology vorlon to look into scripting for packages in flavor-specific overlays

 20:07 <sil2100> seb128: excellent!

 20:07 * sil2100 vorlon to follow up on xnox's request to set noble.publish_i18n_index to False

 20:08 <vorlon> done

 20:08 <sil2100> vorlon: didn't follow that one too closly - I guess it happened?

 20:08 <sil2100> \o/

 20:08 <sil2100> Okay, that's all action items from our list for now

 20:08 <sil2100> #topic Scan the mailing list archive for anything we missed (standing item)

 20:09 <sil2100> I don't see anything really

 20:09 <sil2100> Can someone else confirm that I didn't miss anything?

 20:09 <sgmoore> Is this the right place to ask about Kubuntu LTS requalification?

 20:10 <sil2100> sgmoore: sure! Let me just move to AOB

 20:10 <sil2100> #topic Check up on community bugs and techboard bugs

 20:10 <sil2100> ...none!

 20:10 <sil2100> #topic AOB

 20:10 <sil2100> sgmoore: the floor is yours o/

 20:10 <vorlon> I'm not sure whether kubuntu LTS qualification is blocked on me providing scripts for a saner view of the "what packages is kubuntu committing to support" question

 20:11 <tsimonq2> I think given the scale of the Kubuntu packageset, if the TB is wanting to block on a more concise packageset list, then yes. :)

 20:11 <rbasak> ML thread "Upload of translation files" -> I just replied to redirect them to ubuntu-translators@. Hopefully that's helpful, though with Gunnar gone I'm not sure who's left :-(

 20:11 <vorlon> the thread had gone in that direction but maybe we just need to have that information available and don't need to consider it a blocker?

 20:11 <sgmoore> I know we need a proper packageset, but other than that, how are we looking :) I am working hard on getting a spectacular release ready :)

 20:11 <vorlon> rbasak: :/

 20:13 <seb128> rbasak, I think I'm the only standing member left to deal with some of those translations things :/

 20:14 <seb128> I need to sort that out somehow and find other people to involve

 20:14 <seb128> if anyone is reading and want to help with translations please msg me

 20:15 <vorlon> sgmoore: so I guess amurray who isn't here today was on point for driving the Kubuntu discussion.  I'll work on getting my action item sorted one way or the other so we can have a sane conversation about a packageset. From my perspective personally, that shouldn't be a blocker for LTS qualification but amurray will need to call the vote

 20:15 <sil2100> The only thing I can commit to, sadly, is operating the machinery

 20:15 <rbasak> seb128: IMHO, you should "close" those MLs and venues and bring everything into one place - ubuntu-devel@, or Discourse. It's not like we're going to be swarmed by traffic. Otherwise everyone assumes that there's a team somewhere that's running just fine.

 20:15 <sgmoore> vorlon: Fair enough :)

 20:16 <seb128> rbasak, the issue is that those lists are contact point for role-accounts on launchpad

 20:17 <sil2100> sgmoore: out of curiosity, maybe composing a list of packages that you and your team worked on in the last 6 months when working on Kubuntu would be a start

 20:17 <sgmoore> I only just started back with Kubuntu a few weeks ago.

 20:17 <seb128> rbasak, I could set e.g devel but that doesn't resolve the issue than in practice the only admin in the team able to do the action is me

 20:18 <seb128> (or maybe launchpad admins or some other admin groups, I don't remember the details and didn't go check)

 20:18 <tsimonq2> sgmoore: I'll happily walk through UDD with you if you find it helpful :)

 20:18 <sgmoore> I find any new knowledge helpful lol

 20:19 <tsimonq2> Okay, will follow up with you after the meeting

 20:19 <sgmoore> sounds good thanks!

 20:20 <sil2100> Okay, any other business?

 20:21 <sil2100> Out of curiosity, with part of my release team hat on...

 20:22 <seb128> nothing from me

 20:22 <sil2100> Does anyone have contact with the Ubuntu Mate developers?

 20:22 <seb128> sort of

 20:23 <vorlon> it doesn't appear they've applied yet for 24.04 LTS qual

 20:23 <sil2100> Just asking since I noticed they were a bit absent from .4

 20:23 <sil2100> Anyway, guess that's not a TB-topic per-se

 20:24 <sil2100> #topic Select a chair for the next meeting

 20:24 <seb128> I will give a ping to Martin just to ask

 20:25 <sil2100> ...okay, how is this chair selection working

 20:25 <sil2100> Since none of the sorting of TB members results in the current order for me

 20:25 <vorlon> https://launchpad.net/~techboard/+members lists you last and Alex next after wrapping around

 20:26 <seb128> sil2100, you got rescheduled for missing your previous chair so that confused the logical order

 20:26 <sil2100> Yes, so how come rbasak was the backup today

 20:26 <sil2100> Aaah

 20:26 <seb128> :)

 20:26 <sil2100> Okay, so next chair will be amurray, backup rbasak

 20:27 <sil2100> Thank you everyone!

 20:27 <sil2100> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)