== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team meeting, started by juliank, 14 Nov at 16:02 &mdash; 17:13 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2024/ubuntu-meeting.2024-11-14-16.02.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning rounds ===

Discussion started by juliank at 16:03.

 * ''LINK:'' https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/foundations-team-updates-thursday-2024-11-14/   (juliank, 16:03)

=== Release incoming bugs ===

Discussion started by juliank at 16:14.

 * ''LINK:'' http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/rls-mgr/rls-pp-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs   (juliank, 16:14)
 * ''LINK:'' http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/rls-mgr/rls-nn-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs   (juliank, 16:34)

=== Team proposed-migration report ===

Discussion started by juliank at 16:50.

 * ''LINK:'' https://ubuntu-archive-team.ubuntu.com/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs   (juliank, 16:50)

=== AOB ===

Discussion started by juliank at 17:13.




== People present (lines said) ==

 * juliank (89)
 * Skia (8)
 * adrien (6)
 * bdrung (5)
 * enr0n (3)
 * schopin (3)
 * meetingology (2)
 * ginggs (2)
 * andersson123 (2)
 * pushkarnk1 (2)
 * tobhe (1)
 * schopin-web (1)
 * dbungert (1)
 * dviererbe (1)
 * slyon (1)
 * paride (1)
 * mateus-morais (1)
 * waveform (1)
 * uralt (1)
 * ravikant_ (1)
 * mkukri (1)
 * r41k0u (1)



== Full log ==


 16:02 <juliank> #startmeeting Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team

 16:02 <meetingology> Meeting started at 16:02:55 UTC.  The chair is juliank.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 16:02 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 16:03 <juliank> #topic Lightning rounds

 16:03 <juliank> #link https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/foundations-team-updates-thursday-2024-11-14/

 16:03 <tobhe> o/

 16:04 <schopin-web> *sigh* IRC client broke in the laptop migration.

 16:05 * juliank needs to switch mouse hand

 16:06 <juliank> keyboard generally is fine as I am fairly bad at typing so I do much more arm movement than wrist movement I suppose :D

 16:06 <juliank> Phones are killing :D

 16:06 <adrien> \o

 16:10 <Skia> dviererbe: "

 16:10 <Skia> learning nɾnɾ and charmcraft

 16:10 <Skia> "

 16:10 <Skia> XD

 16:11 <juliank> I think I'll release large APT 2.9.11 on Friday and then disappear

 16:11 <juliank> Or I'll release it today and work on test cases tomorrow :shrug

 16:11 <adrien> juliank: you posted in the wrong discourse thread

 16:11 <juliank> I did?

 16:12 <adrien> not just the last one but one from mid-september :D

 16:12 <adrien> not just in* the last one

 16:12 <juliank> How did that happen

 16:12 <juliank> Did somebody link to it?

 16:12 <juliank> How did I get there?

 16:13 <adrien> well, mid-september is difficult to link to; even _you_ didn't use that above!

 16:13 <juliank> Fixed :)

 16:13 <juliank> It makes no sense, I was on the right one, scrolled down and ended up mid september afaict

 16:14 <juliank> #topic Release incoming bugs

 16:14 <juliank> #link http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/rls-mgr/rls-pp-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 16:14 <juliank> bug 2085142 has been forwarded

 16:16 <juliank> This is gonna need someone to find the .sig file though

 16:16 <juliank> assuming keyshard holders created one

 16:17 <juliank> complex topic we can't really deal with now, awaiting reply from IS too

 16:17 <juliank> bug 2015538

 16:18 <juliank> liushuyu: you were wondering/thinking about looking into the missing Rust implementation I linked to you last week, IIRC?

 16:30 <juliank> Moved the MIR to qq, there's a new RFC and it's promising, we might want to spend a spike on seeing if it works with gdm, and maybe if someone has time ship that in universe

 16:30 <juliank> bug 2085636

 16:33 <juliank> Alright, taken

 16:33 <juliank> rls-oo-incoming is empty, hooray

 16:34 <juliank> #link http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/rls-mgr/rls-nn-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 16:34 <juliank> this is a mess

 16:34 <juliank> bug 2087551

 16:35 <enr0n> I have been investigating this to try and get the SRU re-instated. Just curious if anyone can think of other ways to reproduce?

 16:37 <juliank> We don't have any ideas!

 16:37 <enr0n> :(

 16:37 <juliank> bug 2087827 (the one in between is desktop)

 16:38 <juliank> this seems like a no-brainer to take investigate and check with sam

 16:38 <schopin> agreed

 16:38 <juliank> Tagging

 16:38 <juliank> bug 2087877

 16:39 <dbungert> o/

 16:40 <schopin> you don't have to give us bugs to come say hello, y'know ;)

 16:45 <juliank> I think we need to do something

 16:45 <juliank> but I'm not sure what

 16:45 <juliank> but I'll tag it

 16:46 <juliank> bug 2086506

 16:48 <juliank> taken

 16:48 <juliank> bug 2078579

 16:48 <juliank> just forgot to remove the tag

 16:50 <juliank> jammy and focal are empty hooray

 16:50 <juliank> #topic Team proposed-migration report

 16:50 <juliank> #link https://ubuntu-archive-team.ubuntu.com/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs

 16:50 <juliank> ginggs: what's the state of things?

 16:50 <ginggs> I think we can assign things

 16:50 <juliank> ok

 16:51 <ginggs> still some autopkgtests need retrying, so some people might get lucky packages

 16:52 <bdrung> dictionaries-common vs apport is an infra issue. I retried the test.

 16:53 <juliank> pinentry: dviererbe

 16:53 <dviererbe> ack

 16:53 <juliank> setuptools vs python-argcomplete liushuyu

 16:53 <juliank> setuptools vs python-distutils-extra enr0n

 16:54 <enr0n> ack

 16:54 <juliank> setuptools vs scikit-build juliank

 16:54 <slyon> I can take gobject-introspection, its related to one of my MIRs, https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/gobject-introspection/+bug/2080965 (just added the update-excuse tag)

 16:55 <juliank> gobject-introspection slyon

 16:55 <juliank> libgit2 is an MIR as well

 16:56 <juliank> this is WIP sort of

 16:57 <juliank> apport we assign bdrung because apport

 16:57 <bdrung> ack

 16:57 <juliank> apt we do not care about because new apt coming tomorrow

 16:57 <bdrung> juliank, will you do the same for distro-info as well?

 16:57 <juliank> bdrung: not care about it? ok

 16:58 <juliank> or assign to you?

 16:58 <bdrung> juliank, gimme, gimme, gimme :D

 16:58 <juliank> I'll also give you dictionaries-common then which is apport regression too

 16:58 <juliank> proably the same

 16:58 <bdrung> i can handle apport and distro-info

 16:59 <juliank> so dictionaries-common Skia

 16:59 <Skia> ack

 16:59 <juliank> distro-ifno bdrung

 16:59 <juliank> fwupd-efi mkukri - this needs a rebuild in the UEFI PPA and signing

 17:00 <juliank> Skia: so dictionaries-common is with bdrung after all

 17:00 <Skia> sure, ok

 17:00 <Skia> gimme something else then :-)

 17:01 <juliank> golang-defaults zhsj

 17:02 <juliank> iputils vs apport schopin

 17:02 <schopin> ack

 17:02 <juliank> iputils vs backuppc Skia

 17:03 <juliank> Sorry

 17:03 <juliank> Let's wait what comes out of iputils vs apport

 17:03 <juliank> libgc Skia

 17:03 <Skia> ack, thanks

 17:04 <juliank> libtry-tiny-perl adrien

 17:05 <adrien> ack :)

 17:05 <juliank> liburi-perl xypron (probably all need retrying too)

 17:05 <juliank> lbxcrypt doko

 17:05 <juliank> libzstd paride

 17:06 <paride> ack!

 17:06 <juliank> man-db mateus-morais

 17:07 <mateus-morais> ack

 17:07 <juliank> openssh blocking libxcrypt ravikant_

 17:07 <juliank> perl blocking libxcrypt tobhe

 17:07 <waveform> I can take pexpect

 17:07 <juliank> pexpect waveform

 17:08 <juliank> pyasn1 tobhe

 17:08 <juliank> pyasn1 uralt

 17:08 <uralt> ack

 17:08 <ravikant_> juliank: ack

 17:08 <juliank> python-attrs levihackerman

 17:09 <mkukri> juiank ack, ill look at fwupd

 17:09 <juliank> python-dateutil  r41k0u

 17:09 <r41k0u> ack

 17:10 <andersson123> I don't think I got assigned anything :d

 17:10 <pushkarnk1> me too :)

 17:10 <juliank> python-pyasn1-modules andersson123

 17:10 <andersson123> ack

 17:10 <juliank> socat pushkarnk1

 17:11 <pushkarnk1> thanks!

 17:11 <juliank> xz-utils  chrisccoulson

 17:12 <juliank> pam sespiros

 17:12 <juliank> I think that's everyone

 17:13 <juliank> #topic AOB

 17:13 <juliank> Sorry this was long

 17:13 <juliank> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)