== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Ubuntu Technical Board meeting, started by amurray, 12 Mar at 20:03 &mdash; 20:22 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2024/ubuntu-meeting.2024-03-12-20.03.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== Apologies ===

Discussion started by amurray at 20:03.


=== Action review ===

Discussion started by amurray at 20:03.

 * ''ACTION:'' seb128/amurray/sil2100 to help drafting the snap-store Ubuntu-specific tracks usage  (amurray, 20:04)
 * ''ACTION:'' rbasak to organize a meeting to unblock the draft of the tracks usage section  (amurray, 20:05)
 * ''ACTION:'' rbasak to draft a proposal of the DMB-proposed inactivity expiration policy for TB ratification  (amurray, 20:06)
 * ''ACTION:'' rbasak to follow up on finding consensus on question of test plans for third party apps  (amurray, 20:06)
 * ''ACTION:'' rbasak to open wider discussion on third-party repo policy  (amurray, 20:06)
 * ''ACTION:'' seb128 to continue working with SRU, AA, Release, Backporters and Security teams to document their membership process and link to it from https://wiki.ubuntu.com/TechnicalBoard#Team_Delegations  (amurray, 20:08)
 * ''ACTION:'' seb128 to follow-up with ubuntu cinnamon on 24.04 request  (amurray, 20:09)
 * ''ACTION:'' amurray to follow-up with kubuntu on 24.04 LTS request  (amurray, 20:11)

=== Scan the mailing list archive for anything we missed (standing item) ===

Discussion started by amurray at 20:12.

 * ''LINK:'' https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/technical-board/2024-March/thread.html   (amurray, 20:12)

=== Check up on community bugs and techboard bugs ===

Discussion started by amurray at 20:12.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu-community/+bugs?field.assignee=techboard   (amurray, 20:12)
 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/techboard   (amurray, 20:12)

=== Select a chair for the next meeting (next from https://launchpad.net/~techboard/+members) ===

Discussion started by amurray at 20:13.

 * ''AGREED:'' next meeting chair: rabask, backup: seb128  (amurray, 20:13)

=== AOB ===

Discussion started by amurray at 20:14.

 * ''LINK:'' https://ubuntu-mate.community/t/plans-for-24-04-lts/27110/4   (amurray, 20:16)



== Action items, by person ==

 * amurray
  * seb128/amurray/sil2100 to help drafting the snap-store Ubuntu-specific tracks usage
  * amurray to follow-up with kubuntu on 24.04 LTS request
 * seb128
  * seb128/amurray/sil2100 to help drafting the snap-store Ubuntu-specific tracks usage
  * seb128 to continue working with SRU, AA, Release, Backporters and Security teams to document their membership process and link to it from https://wiki.ubuntu.com/TechnicalBoard#Team_Delegations
  * seb128 to follow-up with ubuntu cinnamon on 24.04 request
 * **UNASSIGNED**
  * rbasak to organize a meeting to unblock the draft of the tracks usage section
  * rbasak to draft a proposal of the DMB-proposed inactivity expiration policy for TB ratification
  * rbasak to follow up on finding consensus on question of test plans for third party apps
  * rbasak to open wider discussion on third-party repo policy



== People present (lines said) ==

 * amurray (47)
 * seb128 (20)
 * vorlon (19)
 * meetingology (11)



== Full log ==


 20:03 <amurray> #startmeeting Ubuntu Technical Board

 20:03 <meetingology> Meeting started at 20:03:08 UTC.  The chair is amurray.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 20:03 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 20:03 <amurray> #topic Apologies

 20:03 <amurray> rbasak sent his apologies earlier

 20:03 <amurray> #topic Action review

 20:03 * amurray seb128/amurray/sil2100 to help drafting the snap-store Ubuntu-specific tracks usage

 20:04 <seb128> carry over again I guess

 20:04 <amurray> yep

 20:04 <amurray> #action seb128/amurray/sil2100 to help drafting the snap-store Ubuntu-specific tracks usage

 20:04 * meetingology seb128/amurray/sil2100 to help drafting the snap-store Ubuntu-specific tracks usage

 20:04 * amurray seb128 to organize a meeting to unblock the draft of the tracks usage section

 20:05 <seb128> rbasak took over this one as we planned to squeeze also that topic in the meeting he is organizing

 20:05 <amurray> will carry-over since we will try again once rbasak is feeling better

 20:05 <seb128> which was supposed to be today but got postponed

 20:05 <amurray> #action rbasak to organize a meeting to unblock the draft of the tracks usage section

 20:05 * meetingology rbasak to organize a meeting to unblock the draft of the tracks usage section

 20:05 <amurray> will carry over rbasak's items then too

 20:06 <amurray> #action rbasak to draft a proposal of the DMB-proposed inactivity expiration policy for TB ratification

 20:06 * meetingology rbasak to draft a proposal of the DMB-proposed inactivity expiration policy for TB ratification

 20:06 <amurray> #action rbasak to follow up on finding consensus on question of test plans for third party apps

 20:06 * meetingology rbasak to follow up on finding consensus on question of test plans for third party apps

 20:06 <amurray> #action rbasak to open wider discussion on third-party repo policy

 20:06 * meetingology rbasak to open wider discussion on third-party repo policy

 20:06 * amurray seb128 to continue working with SRU, AA, Release, Backporters and Security teams to document their membership process and link to it from https://wiki.ubuntu.com/TechnicalBoard#Team_Delegations

 20:06 <seb128> carry over please

 20:07 <amurray> I wanted to ask a quick question on this - I have the process ready for the security team but just wasn't sure where to post it? any ideas? discourse / wiki?

 20:07 <seb128> either is fine I think

 20:08 <seb128> people seem to prefer discourse nowadays

 20:08 <amurray> ok - will go with that then - thanks

 20:08 * amurray seb128 to follow-up with ubuntu cinnamon on 24.04 request

 20:08 <seb128> great :)

 20:08 <amurray> oops forgot to carry over the other one

 20:08 <amurray> #action seb128 to continue working with SRU, AA, Release, Backporters and Security teams to document their membership process and link to it from https://wiki.ubuntu.com/TechnicalBoard#Team_Delegations

 20:08 * meetingology seb128 to continue working with SRU, AA, Release, Backporters and Security teams to document their membership process and link to it from https://wiki.ubuntu.com/TechnicalBoard#Team_Delegations

 20:09 <seb128> please carry this one also over again but I will handle it tomorrow, feature freeze and proposed stated had been time sinks

 20:09 <amurray> #action seb128 to follow-up with ubuntu cinnamon on 24.04 request

 20:09 * meetingology seb128 to follow-up with ubuntu cinnamon on 24.04 request

 20:09 * amurray vorlon to look into scripting for packages in flavor-specific overlays

 20:09 <vorlon> sorry, haven't gotten to this yet

 20:10 <vorlon> I guess if we're voting yes on Kubuntu now it's not urgent?

 20:10 <vorlon> but I would still like to keep the action, to do before 24.04, unless someone else wants to learn about this stuff from me and work on it

 20:10 <amurray> not urgent but I would still like to see them finalise their list before the LTS goes out

 20:10 <vorlon> indeed

 20:11 <amurray> hmm also should there be an action item on me for the kubuntu LTS request?

 20:11 <amurray> I don

 20:11 <amurray> 't see anything - will add one

 20:11 <amurray> #action amurray to follow-up with kubuntu on 24.04 LTS request

 20:11 * meetingology amurray to follow-up with kubuntu on 24.04 LTS request

 20:12 <amurray> #topic Scan the mailing list archive for anything we missed (standing item)

 20:12 <amurray> #link https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/technical-board/2024-March/thread.html

 20:12 <amurray> nothing new

 20:12 <amurray> #topic Check up on community bugs and techboard bugs

 20:12 <amurray> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu-community/+bugs?field.assignee=techboard

 20:12 <amurray> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/techboard

 20:13 <amurray> nothing here either

 20:13 <amurray> #topic Select a chair for the next meeting (next from https://launchpad.net/~techboard/+members)

 20:13 <amurray> looks like its rbasak with seb128 as backup

 20:13 <amurray> #agreed next meeting chair: rabask, backup: seb128

 20:13 <meetingology> AGREED: next meeting chair: rabask, backup: seb128

 20:14 <seb128> ack

 20:14 <amurray> #topic AOB

 20:14 <vorlon> one item for AOB

 20:14 <vorlon> I noticed when doing a "census" from the Release Team side of our LTS qualifications

 20:14 <vorlon> that Ubuntu MATE doesn't appear to have applied yet for LTS status

 20:14 <vorlon> does someone want to reach out to them and find out if they plan to?

 20:14 <seb128> right, that was discussed yesterday during the flavors sync call

 20:14 <vorlon> (it's fine if they don't do LTS, of course)

 20:15 <vorlon> seb128: oh ok - what's the news?

 20:15 <seb128> someone took an action item to reach to Martin to ask

 20:15 <seb128> but the few people who had feedback said that the MATE team seems mostly inactive recently

 20:16 <vorlon> ok

 20:16 <seb128> ah, someone was Mauro

 20:16 <vorlon> that's fine then

 20:16 <seb128> (just checked the meeting note)

 20:16 <vorlon> I just didn't want this to slip by unnoticed

 20:16 <amurray> there is a topic over in their discourse but I don't see anything definitive there

 20:16 <vorlon> since the MATE team's communications preferences seem misaligned with the Release Team's and the Tech Board's these days

 20:16 <amurray> #link https://ubuntu-mate.community/t/plans-for-24-04-lts/27110/4

 20:17 <seb128> amurray, right, I think that one was used as a basis for the claim that the dev team isn't responsive/around much recently

 20:19 <amurray> I'll ask in that thread as well and tag Martin as well

 20:19 <seb128> amurray, thanks (and maybe check first with Mauro if he already did since he took an action about it yesterday)

 20:19 <seb128> well I mean reaching out to them

 20:20 <seb128> though I guess a public post wouldn't hurt in any case

 20:20 <vorlon> Martin *did* come to the Ubuntu Summit so it's not entirely moribund?

 20:20 <amurray> yeah I think its fine for the TB to enquire for our own purposes - it would definitely be a shame for MATE to not be part of the LTS

 20:20 <vorlon> again, it's fine if a flavor doesn't want to do LTS support

 20:21 <seb128> right, well let's see what they reply

 20:21 <vorlon> just don't want to make sure that's a conscious decision (or the outcome of an assessment of the flavor's capacity), not an accident of timing

 20:21 <vorlon> s/don't//

 20:21 <amurray> agreed

 20:21 <amurray> thanks for raising it vorlon

 20:22 <amurray> anything else?

 20:22 <vorlon> nothing else here

 20:22 <seb128> nothing from me

 20:22 <amurray> easy - thanks folks

 20:22 <amurray> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)