== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Developer Membership Board meeting, started by rbasak, 19 Feb at 19:06 &mdash; 19:57 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2024/ubuntu-meeting.2024-02-19-19.06.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== Ubuntu Core Developer Applications ===

Discussion started by rbasak at 19:06.

 * '''Vladimir Petko'''  (rbasak, 19:06)
  * ''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/vpa1977/CoreDeveloperApplication   (rbasak, 19:06)
  * ''LINK:'' https://udd.debian.org/cgi-bin/ubuntu-sponsorships.cgi?render=html&sponsor=*&sponsor_search=name&sponsoree=Vladimir+Petko&sponsoree_search=name   (sil2100, 19:08)
  * ''VOTE:'' Grant Vladimir Petko core dev (Carried)  (rbasak, 19:38)
  * ''ACTION:'' sil2100 to announce vladimirp's successful application  (rbasak, 19:40)
  * ''ACTION:'' sil2100 to action vladimirp's addition to core dev  (rbasak, 19:41)

=== Review of previous action items ===

Discussion started by rbasak at 19:42.

 * ''ACTION:'' Utkarsh to review the tasks for a DMB election and decide if he can take that on. If not we should choose somebody to run the election.  (rbasak, 19:42)
 * ''ACTION:'' teward follow up to get all application process wiki/docs to explain the process to be able to edit wiki pages, for applicants who don't yet have wiki edit access (carried over)  (rbasak, 19:44)

=== Outstanding mailing list requests to assign ===

Discussion started by rbasak at 19:44.

 * No new ML requests seen  (rbasak, 19:45)

=== Open TB bugs ===

Discussion started by rbasak at 19:45.

 * No open TB/DMB bugs  (rbasak, 19:45)

=== AOB ===

Discussion started by rbasak at 19:45.

 * ''LINK:'' https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/resources-for-development-related-tasks/42544\   (tsimonq2, 19:46)



== Vote results ==

 * [[https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2024/ubuntu-meeting.2024-02-19-19.06.log.html#83|Grant Vladimir Petko core dev]]
  * Motion carried (For: 4, Against: 0, Abstained: 0)
   * Voters: sil2100, kanashiro, teward, rbasak



== Action items, by person ==

 * sil2100
  * sil2100 to announce vladimirp's successful application
  * sil2100 to action vladimirp's addition to core dev
 * teward
  * teward follow up to get all application process wiki/docs to explain the process to be able to edit wiki pages, for applicants who don't yet have wiki edit access (carried over)
 * vladimirp
  * sil2100 to announce vladimirp's successful application
  * sil2100 to action vladimirp's addition to core dev
 * **UNASSIGNED**
  * Utkarsh to review the tasks for a DMB election and decide if he can take that on. If not we should choose somebody to run the election.



== People present (lines said) ==

 * rbasak (69)
 * vpa1977 (31)
 * sil2100 (17)
 * meetingology (15)
 * tsimonq2 (13)
 * vladimirp (10)
 * teward (6)
 * arraybolt3 (5)
 * kanashiro (4)



== Full log ==


 19:06 <rbasak> #startmeeting Developer Membership Board

 19:06 <meetingology> Meeting started at 19:06:00 UTC.  The chair is rbasak.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 19:06 <sil2100> Should I chair or do you want to?

 19:06 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 19:06 <sil2100> Oh, thanks ;)

 19:06 <rbasak> #topic Ubuntu Core Developer Applications

 19:06 <rbasak> #subtopic Vladimir Petko

 19:06 <rbasak> #link https://wiki.ubuntu.com/vpa1977/CoreDeveloperApplication

 19:06 <rbasak> vpa1977: welcome!

 19:06 <vpa1977> thank you =)

 19:06 <rbasak> vpa1977: would you like to introduce yourself?

 19:07 * kanashiro waves

 19:07 <vpa1977> Hi my name is Vladimir and I am working on Java packages in Ubuntu.

 19:07 <vpa1977> I have been involved in development for the past year and before that worked on commercial software.

 19:08 <vpa1977> Most notable item is Together (old uml modelling tool) =)

 19:08 <vpa1977> at least for me =)

 19:08 <sil2100> #link https://udd.debian.org/cgi-bin/ubuntu-sponsorships.cgi?render=html&sponsor=*&sponsor_search=name&sponsoree=Vladimir+Petko&sponsoree_search=name

 19:09 <rbasak> Thanks! Let me get started. When is feature freeze please, and how would you find that information?

 19:09 <vpa1977> I will be looking at https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/noble-numbat-release-schedule/35649

 19:09 <vpa1977> The current deadline is 29 feb

 19:09 <rbasak> If you need a feature freeze exception, what's the process?

 19:10 <vpa1977> I will be raising a bug explaining the need for the feature freeze, proposed changes and their impact

 19:10 <vpa1977> I will provide a test plan and subscribe ubuntu-release

 19:10 <vpa1977> *need for the feature freeze exception

 19:11 <vpa1977> The bug will have a debdiff/MP attached and the associated test logs

 19:11 <rbasak> OK. Let's say that we have version 1.2-3 packaged, upstream have released 1.2.1, and feature freeze is in effect. Would an upload of 1.2.1 be permitted without an exception, or, if you need more information, what information would that be?

 19:12 <vpa1977> I will review changelogs to identify if it is a bugfix release

 19:12 <vpa1977> In this case it is allowed to request a feature freeze

 19:12 <vpa1977> exception

 19:12 <rbasak> OK. Let's say that it is a bugfix release. What package versions string would you expect to use for your upload?

 19:12 <rbasak> *package version string

 19:13 <vpa1977> It depends if it is Ubuntu specific or debian package. For ubuntu it will be 1.2.1-0ubuntu1 for debian it will be 1.2.1~us1-0ubuntu1

 19:13 <vpa1977> reason for ~us1 is that original tarballs are not reproducible in some cases

 19:13 <vpa1977> and the repack suffix will allow sync with debian

 19:14 <rbasak> Good answer :)

 19:14 <vpa1977> (not reproducible e.g. when used xz compression)

 19:14 <rbasak> Let me move on to transitions

 19:15 <rbasak> In the usual case, how would you verify if an upload you're considering making would introduce a transition or not?

 19:15 <vpa1977> The transition will happen when there are API/ABI changes in the package providing a build dependency (e.g. time_t)

 19:15 <vpa1977> Or the toolchain changes such as Java 21

 19:16 <vpa1977> *build or runtime dependency

 19:17 <vpa1977> In this case all dependant package will need to migrate together to ensure that there are no breaks

 19:17 <sil2100> I'll have an unrelated question when you're done

 19:17 <rbasak> Let's say that the package is src:foo, which generates binary package libfoo1. You're about to update a new major version of src:foo, and you have a test build ready in a PPA. Is there something you can see easily by inspection from the web UI that would instantly tell you if there's an ABI break if this is a normal case with nothing special going on?

 19:19 <vpa1977> From the web UI i can the major version change, but I would be looking at reverse-depends and reverse-depends -b to see if it has any dependencies

 19:19 <vpa1977> and rebuild those /autopkgtest in the ppa

 19:19 <vpa1977> I apologise if I am taking the long route here.

 19:19 <vpa1977> But library bumping a major version indicates some kind of break

 19:20 <rbasak> It doesn't necessarily mean it's an ABI break.

 19:20 <rbasak> What would be the difference, in terms of binary packages generated?

 19:21 <vpa1977> Meaning what constitutes the ABI break? Change of function parameters, removal of a function

 19:21 <vpa1977> Change of the exported structures

 19:21 <rbasak> Assume that it is correctly declared by the packaging

 19:22 <rbasak> What would be externally visible in the packaging that would indicate the ABI break?

 19:22 <vpa1977> as in from launchpad UI ?

 19:23 <rbasak> I'm suggesting that it's possible to see from Launchpad web UI what I'm asking for, yes.

 19:23 <rbasak> Assuming you have a PPA test build ready

 19:24 <vpa1977> hmm... I fail to answer that ;( without looking inside package / at the sources ;(

 19:25 <rbasak> OK let's move on.

 19:25 <rbasak> sil2100: you said you had a question?

 19:25 <vpa1977> (please share the answer later =) )

 19:25 <sil2100> Yes, I had an SRU related question!

 19:26 <sil2100> I see that you did do a few SRUs, but I just want to make sure. When requesting an SRU, the template requires putting a "Where problems could occur"/"Regression Potential" section

 19:26 <sil2100> Can you tell me what is the purpose of it?

 19:27 <sil2100> What do we want the SRU requesters to do as part of the preparation of this section?

 19:28 <teward> *shows up late*

 19:28 <teward> (I had no internet until now sorry, technician was on site fixing the fiber link)

 19:28 <vladimirp> sorry disconnect

 19:29 <vladimirp> Not sure if the answer got through : the section identifies extended test plan that tries to identify possible regressions/impact on users due to the change

 19:29 <sil2100> Thanks o/

 19:30 <sil2100> I have no further questions

 19:31 <kanashiro> all the answers so far and the endorsements are enough for me to vote

 19:32 * rbasak is pondering whether he has further questions

 19:33 <rbasak> vladimirp: let's say that an upload might have resulted in a component mismatch. Where would you confirm whether this is the case or not, and what are the options available to resolve a component mismatch?

 19:33 <vladimirp> Lets say I have introduced a dependency on main package which is currently in universe.

 19:34 <vladimirp> In this case I will need to go through MIR process first to move my dependency from universe to main before uploading the package.

 19:34 <vladimirp> I can rollback the change by uploading the fix that removes the dependency (if possible)

 19:35 <rbasak> OK, thanks.

 19:35 <rbasak> I'm ready to vote.

 19:35 <rbasak> teward: do you have any questions?

 19:35 <teward> nope, on account you and others have asked the questions I had :)

 19:35 <teward> and also apologies for my being late, I hate being late but when I have no internet...

 19:36 <rbasak> #vote Grant Vladimir Petko core dev

 19:36 <meetingology> Please vote on: Grant Vladimir Petko core dev

 19:36 <meetingology> Public votes can be registered by saying +1, -1 or +0 in channel (for private voting, private message me with 'vote +1|-1|+0 #channelname')

 19:36 <sil2100> +1

 19:36 <meetingology> +1 received from sil2100

 19:36 <kanashiro> +1

 19:36 <meetingology> +1 received from kanashiro

 19:36 <teward> +1

 19:36 <meetingology> +1 received from teward

 19:38 <rbasak> +1 I think a couple of answers fell a little short of my expectations, but your endorsements speak well of your tendency to be thoughful and ask questions before acting. And some of your answers demonstrates some very deep knowledge. I get the impression you understand the broad picture OK. It sounds like it'd be of net benefit to grant you core dev now and allow you to catch up with the odd gap on

 19:38 <meetingology> +1 I think a couple of answers fell a little short of my expectations, but your endorsements speak well of your tendency to be thoughful and ask questions before acting. And some of your answers demonstrates some very deep knowledge. I get the impression you understand the broad picture OK. It sounds like it'd be of net benefit to grant you core dev now and allow you to catch up with the odd gap on received from rbasak

 19:38 <rbasak> the fly.

 19:38 <rbasak> #endvote

 19:38 <meetingology> Voting ended on: Grant Vladimir Petko core dev

 19:38 <meetingology> Votes for: 4, Votes against: 0, Abstentions: 0

 19:38 <meetingology> Motion carried

 19:39 <sil2100> \o/

 19:39 <sil2100> vladimirp: congratulations o/

 19:39 <vladimirp> Thank you =)

 19:39 <kanashiro> vladimirp congrats!

 19:40 <sil2100> You can assign me the action item of following up

 19:40 <vladimirp> Thank you =)

 19:40 <arraybolt3> I just want to say that was awesome to watch. I learned a bit watching this :D

 19:40 <arraybolt3> (namely the ~us1 version trick)

 19:40 <rbasak> Thanks sil2100!

 19:40 <rbasak> #action sil2100 to announce vladimirp's successful application

 19:40 * meetingology sil2100 to announce vladimirp's successful application

 19:41 <rbasak> #action sil2100 to action vladimirp's addition to core dev

 19:41 * meetingology sil2100 to action vladimirp's addition to core dev

 19:42 <rbasak> We have time left, so...

 19:42 <rbasak> #topic Review of previous action items

 19:42 <rbasak> Utkarsh to review the tasks for a DMB election and decide if he can take that on. If not we should choose somebody to run the election.

 19:42 <rbasak> He doesn't seem to be around

 19:42 <rbasak> #action Utkarsh to review the tasks for a DMB election and decide if he can take that on. If not we should choose somebody to run the election.

 19:42 * meetingology Utkarsh to review the tasks for a DMB election and decide if he can take that on. If not we should choose somebody to run the election.

 19:42 <rbasak> teward follow up to get all application process wiki/docs to explain the process to be able to edit wiki pages, for applicants who don't yet have wiki edit access (carried over)

 19:43 <rbasak> teward: ?

 19:44 <rbasak> I guess we can carry it

 19:44 <rbasak> #action teward follow up to get all application process wiki/docs to explain the process to be able to edit wiki pages, for applicants who don't yet have wiki edit access (carried over)

 19:44 * meetingology teward follow up to get all application process wiki/docs to explain the process to be able to edit wiki pages, for applicants who don't yet have wiki edit access (carried over)

 19:44 <rbasak> #topic Outstanding mailing list requests to assign

 19:45 <rbasak> I don't see any

 19:45 <rbasak> #info No new ML requests seen

 19:45 <rbasak> #topic Open TB bugs

 19:45 <rbasak> #info No open TB/DMB bugs

 19:45 <rbasak> #topic AOB

 19:45 <rbasak> AOB?

 19:45 <tsimonq2> o/

 19:45 <teward> yeah carry that sorry

 19:45 <rbasak> tsimonq2: go ahead please

 19:46 * rbasak needs to step away for three minuts

 19:46 <tsimonq2> > sil2100 to better document what we expect applicants to know, at last an initial draft and then pass over to rbasak (will be carried until mentioned)

 19:46 <tsimonq2> So, I have something small started for this.

 19:46 <tsimonq2> https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/resources-for-development-related-tasks/42544\

 19:47 <sil2100> o/

 19:47 <sil2100> Thank you for working on this!

 19:47 <tsimonq2> My pleasure :D please do make edits if you see them! I'll be working on it as time allows, ideally before the next DMB meeting.

 19:47 <tsimonq2> *see the opportunity for them

 19:47 <sil2100> It's a good start I see

 19:48 <tsimonq2> Anyway, I'll be here for the next meeting, if you all would like to discuss further progress at that point. :)

 19:48 <tsimonq2> sil2100: thanks :)

 19:48 <tsimonq2> (EOF)

 19:48 * rbasak is back

 19:49 <rbasak> tsimonq2: that looks great. Thank you!

 19:50 <rbasak> tsimonq2: I don't know if you're aware of https://wiki.ubuntu.com/RobieBasak/DMB/CoreDev

 19:50 <rbasak> That's just my opinion - I think we were hoping to try and get that adjusted according DMB consensus and then share that more widely.

 19:50 <tsimonq2> rbasak: Nope, but now I am :D this is meant to be a shorter reference anyway, with links to something like that.

 19:51 <rbasak> That would be fine I think. The issue (at the DMB end) is that we vary in opinion, but that makes it hard for applicants.

 19:51 <rbasak> It'd be nice to find/negotiate common ground, tweaking as necessary, and have an official DMB opinion.

 19:51 <rbasak> Anyway, thank you again for working on this.

 19:51 <tsimonq2> I documented this for Lubuntu a while back: https://git.lubuntu.me/lubuntu-wiki/wiki/wiki/lubuntu-dev - might be worth exploring.

 19:51 <tsimonq2> rbasak: I completely agree :) thanks for considering it!

 19:52 <rbasak> Indeed - that looks like it'd be useful input to a final DMB opinion too!

 19:52 <rbasak> Anything else on this to discuss for now?

 19:52 <tsimonq2> I'm good if you all are good :)

 19:52 <rbasak> Any other business?

 19:54 <arraybolt3> vpa1977 wanted to know the answer to the question about transitions that rbasak asked?

 19:54 <rbasak> The binary package generated would have changed from libfoo1 to libfoo2. That's what triggers a "normal" transition - libfoo1 would become uninstallable (and/or NBS) were the package to migrate.

 19:55 <rbasak> Though I think vladimirp might have already understood this and it was just a mismatch in communication!

 19:55 <rbasak> I find it quite hard to phrase questions to avoid that sort of thing, without giving away my expected answers.

 19:55 <arraybolt3> which is exactly what happened to me when you hit me with a near-identical question last January

 19:56 <arraybolt3> :P

 19:56 <vladimirp> I was thinking - I have a package to review and needs to find if it contains an ABI break.

 19:56 <vladimirp> Could have mentioned abi-compliance-checker (but its a nightmare)

 19:57 <vladimirp> Plus C++ only

 19:57 <rbasak> arraybolt3: indeed :)

 19:57 <rbasak> I guess the meeting's done though then?

 19:57 <rbasak> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)