== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status meeting, started by cpaelzer, 27 Aug at 14:31 &mdash; 14:49 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2024/ubuntu-meeting.2024-08-27-14.31.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== current component mismatches ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 14:31.

 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg   (cpaelzer, 14:31)
 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg   (cpaelzer, 14:31)
 * ''LINK:'' https://launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/luit   (cpaelzer, 14:33)
 * ''LINK:'' https://launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/dkms/3.0.11-1ubuntu14   (cpaelzer, 14:36)

=== New MIRs ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 14:38.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=NEW&field.status%3Alist=CONFIRMED&assignee_option=none&field.assignee=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (cpaelzer, 14:38)

=== Incomplete bugs / questions ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 14:38.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (cpaelzer, 14:38)

=== Process/Documentation improvements ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 14:39.

 * ''LINK:'' https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/pulls   (cpaelzer, 14:39)
 * ''LINK:'' https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/issues   (cpaelzer, 14:39)
 * ''LINK:'' https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/pull/64 can be merged  (cpaelzer, 14:39)
 * ''LINK:'' https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/issues/65   (cpaelzer, 14:40)

=== MIR related Security Review Queue ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 14:43.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-security/+bugs?field.searchtext=%5BMIR%5D&assignee_option=choose&field.assignee=ubuntu-security&field.bug_reporter=&field.bug_commenter=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (cpaelzer, 14:43)
 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-security/+bugs?field.searchtext=[MIR]&assignee_option=choose&field.assignee=ubuntu-security&field.bug_reporter=&field.bug_commenter=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (cpaelzer, 14:43)
 * ''LINK:'' https://warthogs.atlassian.net/jira/software/c/projects/SEC/boards/594   (cpaelzer, 14:43)

=== Any other business? ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 14:47.




== People present (lines said) ==

 * cpaelzer (106)
 * slyon (13)
 * sarnold (13)
 * meetingology (2)
 * didrocks (2)
 * jbicha (2)
 * joalif (1)



== Full log ==


 14:31 <cpaelzer> #startmeeting Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status

 14:31 <meetingology> Meeting started at 14:31:07 UTC.  The chair is cpaelzer.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 14:31 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 14:31 <slyon> hey o/

 14:31 <cpaelzer> Ping for MIR meeting - didrocks joalif slyon sarnold cpaelzer jamespage ( and regular guests: eslerm dviererbe jbicha)

 14:31 <cpaelzer> hello, most said hi before the log got started :-)

 14:31 <cpaelzer> #topic current component mismatches

 14:31 <cpaelzer> Mission: Identify required actions and spread the load among the teams

 14:31 <cpaelzer> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg

 14:31 <cpaelzer> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg

 14:32 <cpaelzer> ok, this is much less than it was

 14:32 <cpaelzer> yay

 14:32 <cpaelzer> let us talk about them one by one

 14:32 <cpaelzer> y11-utils -> luit

 14:32 <slyon> I'm not sure if didrocks got the memo from last week about x11-utils and did some investigation? It's just a Recommends, so we might be able to drop it..

 14:32 <sarnold> heh, i'm just now noticing it's in my focal x11-utils

 14:32 <cpaelzer> ok, so you did look into that from when I was PTO-chilling

 14:33 <sarnold> it might be something that's been in main all along?

 14:33 <cpaelzer> sarnold: you mean it ewas broken out and might be the same source

 14:33 <sarnold> yeah

 14:33 <sarnold> I was just curious what it was, and noticed it's in my ancient focal, heh

 14:33 <cpaelzer> also the history suggests that

 14:33 <cpaelzer> https://launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/luit

 14:33 <cpaelzer> starting at 2.0.20221018 isn't how "new" software would start

 14:34 <cpaelzer> anyway, maybe didrocks and or jbicha can have a look as that is very Desktop'y

 14:34 <sarnold> hah, with an epoch back in gutsy https://launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/luit/+changelog

 14:34 <cpaelzer> jbicha: you are here already - do you have an immediate opinion on it?

 14:35 <cpaelzer> we will go on for now ...

 14:35 <didrocks> slyon: just back from holidays. I think jbicha will have a look for it once he is around

 14:35 <cpaelzer> welcome back didrocks

 14:35 <cpaelzer> next: dkms -> gcc-13

 14:35 <cpaelzer> gone in -proposed

 14:36 <cpaelzer> https://launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/dkms/3.0.11-1ubuntu14

 14:36 <slyon> ACK, thanks

 14:36 <cpaelzer> * control: Migrate to gcc-14.

 14:36 <cpaelzer> so, no action here

 14:36 <jbicha> the x11-utils changelog says that luit was split out from x11-utils to a separate package

 14:36 <cpaelzer> ok, that confirms our theory jbicha - thanks

 14:36 <cpaelzer> would you file a minimal (no need to go the full process way) MIR bug for it please?

 14:36 <jbicha> ok

 14:36 <cpaelzer> say it was split out and refer to the original MIR bug if it can be found

 14:37 <cpaelzer> that ought to be enough to promite it with the required paper trail

 14:37 <cpaelzer> now looking at -proposed

 14:37 <cpaelzer> jbicha: feel free to ping me about it then, so I can act and resolve it

 14:37 <cpaelzer> everything else in here already has MIR bugs, some already approved

 14:37 <cpaelzer> no need to act here, unless if they show up in the queue for us

 14:38 <cpaelzer> #topic New MIRs

 14:38 <cpaelzer> Mission: ensure to assign all incoming reviews for fast processing

 14:38 <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=NEW&field.status%3Alist=CONFIRMED&assignee_option=none&field.assignee=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 14:38 <cpaelzer> and they are not

 14:38 <cpaelzer> so they must not yet be ready i guess

 14:38 <cpaelzer> #topic Incomplete bugs / questions

 14:38 <cpaelzer> Mission: Identify required actions and spread the load among the teams

 14:38 <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 14:38 <cpaelzer> wow, the most recent last update is 6th of June

 14:38 <cpaelzer> so nothing here for us either

 14:39 <cpaelzer> Looking at excused today I expected this to be more crazy

 14:39 <cpaelzer> ... he said and it got more crazy

 14:39 <slyon> haha

 14:39 <sarnold> hehehe

 14:39 <cpaelzer> #topic Process/Documentation improvements

 14:39 <cpaelzer> Mission: Review pending process/documentation pull-requests or issues

 14:39 <cpaelzer> #link https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/pulls

 14:39 <cpaelzer> #link https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/issues

 14:39 <cpaelzer> https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/pull/64 can be merged

 14:40 <slyon> cpaelzer: ACK. Once you approve, too. it should be ready to be merged

 14:40 <joalif> s

 14:40 <cpaelzer> give me more than a second for that

 14:40 <slyon> :)

 14:40 <cpaelzer> but I'll do so in another time of day soon

 14:40 <cpaelzer> which will close #63

 14:40 <cpaelzer> and #35 is meant to stay

 14:40 <cpaelzer> leaving #65

 14:40 <cpaelzer> https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/issues/65

 14:41 <cpaelzer> I see, this was about moving

 14:41 <slyon> This is very similar to the previous one. Moving from wiki to github..

 14:41 <cpaelzer> I agree, the question is this "needs help" label or will you do so once you get to it?

 14:41 <slyon> I can take an action item to do it, just didn't have the time to prepare anything yet

 14:41 <cpaelzer> ok, this isn't urgent

 14:41 <cpaelzer> thanks

 14:41 <cpaelzer> BTW, I think since the rust rules were done enough time has passed to re-evaluate them

 14:42 <cpaelzer> just to make sure they are still the right rules

 14:42 <cpaelzer> What would you prefer for that, an engineering sprint debate to get the temperature check and distributing tasks to find out things from there?

 14:42 <slyon> we might be able to do that as part of the PR that I'll prepare for this

 14:42 <cpaelzer> slyon: the discussion could indeed be part of the PR

 14:43 <cpaelzer> if we all are close to "need to stay as is" it will work well

 14:43 <cpaelzer> but if we end up as "all has to change" it will delay things a lot

 14:43 <slyon> depending on how the PR discussion goes, we could schedule something for the next engineering sprint

 14:43 <cpaelzer> in the latter case, we will want to land an unmodified version and split out the discussions

 14:43 <cpaelzer> Ack

 14:43 <slyon> ack

 14:43 <cpaelzer> seems we are in line on that

 14:43 <cpaelzer> let us see what we find along the related PR then

 14:43 <cpaelzer> #topic MIR related Security Review Queue

 14:43 <cpaelzer> Mission: Check on progress, do deadlines seem doable?

 14:43 <cpaelzer> Some clients can only work with one, some with the other escaping - the URLs point to the same place.

 14:43 <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-security/+bugs?field.searchtext=%5BMIR%5D&assignee_option=choose&field.assignee=ubuntu-security&field.bug_reporter=&field.bug_commenter=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 14:43 <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-security/+bugs?field.searchtext=[MIR]&assignee_option=choose&field.assignee=ubuntu-security&field.bug_reporter=&field.bug_commenter=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 14:43 <cpaelzer> Internal link

 14:43 <cpaelzer> - ensure your teams items are prioritized among each other as you'd expect

 14:43 <cpaelzer> - ensure community requests do not get stomped by teams calling for favors too much

 14:43 <cpaelzer> #link https://warthogs.atlassian.net/jira/software/c/projects/SEC/boards/594

 14:44 <cpaelzer> sarnold: very front loaded

 14:44 <cpaelzer> and we are at the time of the year where loaded is bad as it impies slipping

 14:44 <sarnold> we're currently onboarding two new folks to the MIR process

 14:44 <cpaelzer> or is all of that "can happen any time"

 14:44 <cpaelzer> wow - gz to onboarding two

 14:44 <sarnold> which is of course encouraging, but also not yet capacity to plow through them

 14:44 <cpaelzer> Can you make ~1 per person per week happen?

 14:45 <sarnold> probably not

 14:45 <slyon> sarnold: https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/rpds-py/+bug/2072621 and https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/exfatprogs/+bug/2073783 need new "sec-*" tags

 14:45 <cpaelzer> 3 now, 3 next, 2 next would cover them all

 14:45 <cpaelzer> ok, +2

 14:45 <sarnold> slyon: ah thanks, i'm extremely far behind on my email :(

 14:45 <cpaelzer> we ahve 3 weeks 'til beta freeze

 14:45 <cpaelzer> hence I'm asking for that pace

 14:46 <cpaelzer> sarnold: what would be needed to change "probably not" into something better?

 14:46 <cpaelzer> do your new people need to sleep?

 14:46 <cpaelzer> :-P

 14:46 <sarnold> cpaelzer: sleep *and* eat! go figure

 14:47 <cpaelzer> ok, go for that then please :-)

 14:47 <sarnold> cpaelzer: I'll ask to see if our $otherproject can spare some of the folks who have done these before

 14:47 <cpaelzer> nothing we can do for now other than acknowledging the situation

 14:47 <cpaelzer> thanks for trying that approach sarnold

 14:47 <cpaelzer> you'll have some favors from the receiving teams then

 14:47 <cpaelzer> #topic Any other business?

 14:47 <slyon> nothign from my side

 14:47 <didrocks> nothing either for me

 14:47 <sarnold> nothing here

 14:48 <cpaelzer> nor from me

 14:48 <cpaelzer> which means we are kind of done

 14:49 <cpaelzer> today we go out with the last 5 of the happy numbers

 14:49 <cpaelzer> 19

 14:49 <cpaelzer> 13

 14:49 <cpaelzer> 10

 14:49 <cpaelzer> 7

 14:49 <cpaelzer> 1

 14:49 <cpaelzer> bye

 14:49 <cpaelzer> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)