== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Ubuntu Technical Board meeting, started by seb128, 19 Nov at 20:01 &mdash; 20:09 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2024/ubuntu-meeting.2024-11-19-20.01.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== Action review ===

Discussion started by seb128 at 20:02.

 * ''ACTION:'' vorlon to look into scripting for packages in flavor-specific overlays  (seb128, 20:03)
 * ''ACTION:'' seb128 to continue working with AA and Release teams to document their membership process and link to it from https://wiki.ubuntu.com/TechnicalBoard#Team_Delegations  (seb128, 20:03)
 * ''ACTION:'' sil2100 to follow up on the Cinnamon 24.04 LTS Qualification to ensure the listed contacts can action the flavor  (seb128, 20:04)

=== Scan the mailing list archive for anything we missed (standing item) ===

Discussion started by seb128 at 20:05.

 * Nothing recent on the mailing list that requires attention  (seb128, 20:06)

=== Check up on community bugs and techboard bugs ===

Discussion started by seb128 at 20:06.

 * No open community bugs  (seb128, 20:06)
 * One outstanding techboard bugs on DMB member inactivity causing issues  (seb128, 20:06)

=== Select a chair for the next meeting (next from https://launchpad.net/~techboard/+members) ===

Discussion started by seb128 at 20:08.

 * The next chair will be vorlon with sil2100 as backup  (seb128, 20:08)

=== AOB ===

Discussion started by seb128 at 20:08.




== Action items, by person ==

 * seb128
  * seb128 to continue working with AA and Release teams to document their membership process and link to it from https://wiki.ubuntu.com/TechnicalBoard#Team_Delegations
 * vorlon
  * vorlon to look into scripting for packages in flavor-specific overlays
 * **UNASSIGNED**
  * sil2100 to follow up on the Cinnamon 24.04 LTS Qualification to ensure the listed contacts can action the flavor



== People present (lines said) ==

 * seb128 (31)
 * meetingology (5)
 * amurray (5)
 * vorlon (2)
 * rbasak (1)



== Full log ==


 20:01 <seb128> #startmeeting Ubuntu Technical Board

 20:01 <meetingology> Meeting started at 20:01:59 UTC.  The chair is seb128.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 20:02 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 20:02 <amurray> o/

 20:02 <seb128> Lukasz declined

 20:02 <seb128> let's get started

 20:02 <seb128> #topic Action review

 20:03 * seb128 vorlon to look into scripting for packages in flavor-specific overlays

 20:03 <vorlon> carry-over

 20:03 <seb128> #action vorlon to look into scripting for packages in flavor-specific overlays

 20:03 * meetingology vorlon to look into scripting for packages in flavor-specific overlays

 20:03 * seb128 seb128 to continue working with AA and Release teams to document their membership process and link to it from https://wiki.ubuntu.com/TechnicalBoard#Team_Delegations

 20:03 <seb128> carrying over

 20:03 <seb128> #action seb128 to continue working with AA and Release teams to document their membership process and link to it from https://wiki.ubuntu.com/TechnicalBoard#Team_Delegations

 20:03 * meetingology seb128 to continue working with AA and Release teams to document their membership process and link to it from https://wiki.ubuntu.com/TechnicalBoard#Team_Delegations

 20:03 * seb128 sil2100 to follow up on the Cinnamon 24.04 LTS Qualification to ensure the listed contacts can action the flavor

 20:03 <seb128> he's not around and I didn't see activity about it so I'm carrying over

 20:04 <seb128> #action sil2100 to follow up on the Cinnamon 24.04 LTS Qualification to ensure the listed contacts can action the flavor

 20:04 * meetingology sil2100 to follow up on the Cinnamon 24.04 LTS Qualification to ensure the listed contacts can action the flavor

 20:04 * seb128 seb128 to contact the CC regarding the upcoming TB elections

 20:04 <seb128> I did and got a reply, https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/technical-board/2024-November/002949.html

 20:04 <seb128> they said "this weekend" a week ago so they missed that weekend but I guess it's still on track

 20:05 <seb128> #topic Scan the mailing list archive for anything we missed (standing item)

 20:06 <seb128> I don't see any

 20:06 <seb128> #info Nothing recent on the mailing list that requires attention

 20:06 <seb128> #topic Check up on community bugs and techboard bugs

 20:06 <seb128> #info No open community bugs

 20:06 <seb128> #info One outstanding techboard bugs on DMB member inactivity causing issues

 20:06 <amurray> I notice Merlijn says they expected the call to go out last weekend but I haven't see anything yet

 20:07 <seb128> amurray, right, that's what I meant by " they said "this weekend" a week ago so they missed that weekend"

 20:07 <seb128> I will follow up just in case

 20:07 <amurray> yeah, sorry I think my bouncer is playing up and delaying messages so not sure if my message showed up in the right place

 20:08 <amurray> thanks

 20:08 <seb128> np!

 20:08 <seb128> #topic Select a chair for the next meeting (next from https://launchpad.net/~techboard/+members)

 20:08 <seb128> #info The next chair will be vorlon with sil2100 as backup

 20:08 <seb128> #topic AOB

 20:08 <seb128> AOB?

 20:08 <rbasak> None from me

 20:09 <amurray> nor me

 20:09 <seb128> nor from me

 20:09 <vorlon> none here

 20:09 <seb128> ok, let's wrap then, thanks everyone!

 20:09 <seb128> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)