== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting meeting, started by seb128, 09 Apr at 19:02 &mdash; 19:17 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2024/ubuntu-meeting.2024-04-09-19.02.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== Apologies ===

Discussion started by seb128 at 19:02.


=== Action review ===

Discussion started by seb128 at 19:03.

 * ''ACTION:'' everyone to review the third party repo draft within a week and raise any comments they have, after that Robie will post to discourse  (seb128, 19:06)
 * ''ACTION:'' rbasak to open wider discussion on third-party repo policy  (seb128, 19:06)
 * ''ACTION:'' rbasak to draft a proposal of the DMB-proposed inactivity expiration policy for TB ratification  (seb128, 19:07)
 * ''ACTION:'' vorlon to look into scripting for packages in flavor-specific overlays  (seb128, 19:07)
 * ''ACTION:'' rbasak to get the DMB election going  (seb128, 19:08)
 * ''ACTION:'' seb128 to continue working with SRU, AA, Release, Backporters and Security teams to document their membership process and link to it from https://wiki.ubuntu.com/TechnicalBoard#Team_Delegations  (seb128, 19:08)

=== Scan the mailing list archive for anything we missed (standing item) ===

Discussion started by seb128 at 19:08.

 * ''LINK:'' https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/technical-board/2024-March/002905.html (Call for vote: Ubuntu Cinnamon 24.04 LTS Qualification)  (seb128, 19:11)
 * ''ACTION:'' vorlon to follow up on the Cinnamon 24.04 LTS Qualification re the number of contacts listed for the flavor  (seb128, 19:14)

=== Check up on community bugs and techboard bugs ===

Discussion started by seb128 at 19:15.

 * No open community bugs  (seb128, 19:15)
 * No new techboard bugs  (seb128, 19:15)

=== Select a chair for the next meeting (next from https://launchpad.net/~techboard/+members) ===

Discussion started by seb128 at 19:15.

 * Next chair will be vorlon, with sil2100 as backup  (seb128, 19:16)

=== AOB ===

Discussion started by seb128 at 19:16.




== Action items, by person ==

 * rbasak
  * rbasak to open wider discussion on third-party repo policy
  * rbasak to draft a proposal of the DMB-proposed inactivity expiration policy for TB ratification
  * rbasak to get the DMB election going
 * seb128
  * seb128 to continue working with SRU, AA, Release, Backporters and Security teams to document their membership process and link to it from https://wiki.ubuntu.com/TechnicalBoard#Team_Delegations
 * vorlon
  * vorlon to look into scripting for packages in flavor-specific overlays
  * vorlon to follow up on the Cinnamon 24.04 LTS Qualification re the number of contacts listed for the flavor
 * **UNASSIGNED**
  * everyone to review the third party repo draft within a week and raise any comments they have, after that Robie will post to discourse



== People present (lines said) ==

 * seb128 (42)
 * rbasak (15)
 * vorlon (10)
 * meetingology (9)
 * teward (7)
 * amurray (3)



== Full log ==


 19:02 <seb128> #startmeeting

 19:02 <meetingology> Meeting started at 19:02:26 UTC.  The chair is seb128.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 19:02 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 19:02 <seb128> #topic Apologies

 19:02 <amurray> apologies folks but I have a hard stop in 30 mins so I may have to drop early

 19:03 <seb128> k, let's try to keep going, no apologies for this meeting I can see

 19:03 <seb128> #topic Action review

 19:03 * seb128 rbasak to update third party repo draft with outcomes from our recent out-of-band meeting

 19:03 <rbasak> I've made progress on this...

 19:04 <amurray> it looks really good rbasak, thanks for that

 19:04 <rbasak> The doc is updated. Could all TB members please check what I've updated (highlighted in green), and raise any comments within a week?

 19:04 <seb128> +1

 19:04 <rbasak> This time next week I'll publish the initial consultation to Discourse for Ubuntu developers at large.

 19:04 <vorlon> yes

 19:04 <rbasak> Thanks amurray!

 19:05 <rbasak> FTR, I intend to edit heavily to clean up the documentation generally, resolve outstanding Google Doc comments, etc. But I don't intend to change anything substantial at this stage.

 19:05 <rbasak> (nothing about intent, I mean)

 19:06 <seb128> #action everyone to review the third party repo draft within a week and raise any comments they have, after that Robie will post to discourse

 19:06 * meetingology everyone to review the third party repo draft within a week and raise any comments they have, after that Robie will post to discourse

 19:06 <rbasak> Great. Thanks!

 19:06 * seb128 rbasak to open wider discussion on third-party repo policy

 19:06 <seb128> I guess that's what is happening in a week so carrying over?

 19:06 <rbasak> Yep

 19:06 <rbasak> So carry over that one please

 19:06 <seb128> #action rbasak to open wider discussion on third-party repo policy

 19:06 * meetingology rbasak to open wider discussion on third-party repo policy

 19:06 <rbasak> Nearly there!

 19:07 * seb128 rbasak to draft a proposal of the DMB-proposed inactivity expiration policy for TB ratification

 19:07 <rbasak> Carry over my DMB action please

 19:07 <seb128> #action rbasak to draft a proposal of the DMB-proposed inactivity expiration policy for TB ratification

 19:07 * meetingology rbasak to draft a proposal of the DMB-proposed inactivity expiration policy for TB ratification

 19:07 * seb128 vorlon to look into scripting for packages in flavor-specific overlays

 19:07 <vorlon> still outstanding sorry

 19:07 <seb128> #action vorlon to look into scripting for packages in flavor-specific overlays

 19:07 * meetingology vorlon to look into scripting for packages in flavor-specific overlays

 19:07 <rbasak> I also need to get the DMB election going

 19:07 <seb128> do you want an action item for that?

 19:07 <rbasak> Sure

 19:08 <seb128> #action rbasak to get the DMB election going

 19:08 * meetingology rbasak to get the DMB election going

 19:08 * seb128 seb128 to continue working with SRU, AA, Release, Backporters and Security teams to document their membership process and link to it from https://wiki.ubuntu.com/TechnicalBoard#Team_Delegations

 19:08 <seb128> still carrying that one over

 19:08 <seb128> #action seb128 to continue working with SRU, AA, Release, Backporters and Security teams to document their membership process and link to it from https://wiki.ubuntu.com/TechnicalBoard#Team_Delegations

 19:08 * meetingology seb128 to continue working with SRU, AA, Release, Backporters and Security teams to document their membership process and link to it from https://wiki.ubuntu.com/TechnicalBoard#Team_Delegations

 19:08 <seb128> #topic Scan the mailing list archive for anything we missed (standing item)

 19:09 <seb128> there is https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/technical-board/2024-March/002913.html but that doesn't really seem to be a TB topic

 19:09 <teward> *raises hand briefly*

 19:09 <seb128> teward, yes?

 19:10 <teward> regarding that, there was one sent to the CC and other teams as well as Canonical's teams.

 19:10 <teward> CC hasn't addressed it yet, but Canonical (Fallen, etc.) were starting to investigate best approaches

 19:10 <teward> just wanted to have that on the record.

 19:10 <teward> (expected it to show up here)

 19:10 <rbasak> It sounds like something the nearest Loco could take up perhaps?

 19:10 <teward> ^^ that

 19:10 <rbasak> Happy to hear that it's being looked at. Thank you!

 19:11 <teward> *returns to the shadowy void from whence he came*

 19:11 <seb128> thanks teward!

 19:11 <seb128> other list topic

 19:11 <seb128> https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/technical-board/2024-March/002905.html (Call for vote: Ubuntu Cinnamon 24.04 LTS Qualification)

 19:12 <seb128> afaik only amurray and me voted

 19:12 <seb128> can we get some other members to also vote?

 19:12 <vorlon> I have a concern about the "contact" being a list of ~10 people

 19:12 <vorlon> I've raised similar concerns with other flavor applications before

 19:13 <vorlon> but I haven't had time to respond to the list about this

 19:13 <seb128> can you follow up on the list with that concern?

 19:13 <vorlon> yes

 19:13 <seb128> thanks

 19:13 <seb128> want an action item for it?

 19:13 <vorlon> but mentioning here this is what's blocked me from +1'ing

 19:13 <vorlon> I'll accept an action item :)

 19:14 <seb128> #action vorlon to follow up on the Cinnamon 24.04 LTS Qualification re the number of contacts listed for the flavor

 19:14 * meetingology vorlon to follow up on the Cinnamon 24.04 LTS Qualification re the number of contacts listed for the flavor

 19:14 <seb128> no other topic on the list that I can see (outside of the DMB election which we discussed earlier)

 19:15 <seb128> #topic Check up on community bugs and techboard bugs

 19:15 <seb128> #info No open community bugs

 19:15 <seb128> #info No new techboard bugs

 19:15 <seb128> #topic Select a chair for the next meeting (next from https://launchpad.net/~techboard/+members)

 19:16 <seb128> #info Next chair will be vorlon, with sil2100 as backup

 19:16 <seb128> #topic AOB

 19:16 <vorlon> ack

 19:16 <seb128> AOB?

 19:16 <vorlon> nothing from me

 19:16 <amurray> neither from me

 19:17 <seb128> nor from me

 19:17 <seb128> ok, that's a wrap then, thanks everyone!

 19:17 <seb128> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)