== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Ubuntu Technical Board meeting, started by sil2100, 18 Jun at 19:01 &mdash; 19:15 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2024/ubuntu-meeting.2024-06-18-19.01.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== Apologies ===

Discussion started by sil2100 at 19:01.

 * ''ACTION:'' rbasak to draft a proposal of the DMB-proposed inactivity expiration policy for TB ratification  (sil2100, 19:04)
 * ''LINK:'' https://new.ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2024/ubuntu-meeting.2024-06-04-19.07.moin.txt   (sil2100, 19:05)
 * ''ACTION:'' rbasak to open wider discussion on third-party repo policy  (sil2100, 19:05)
 * ''ACTION:'' vorlon to look into scripting for packages in flavor-specific overlays  (sil2100, 19:08)
 * ''ACTION:'' seb128 to continue working with SRU, AA, Release, Backporters and Security teams to document their membership process and link to it from https://wiki.ubuntu.com/TechnicalBoard#Team_Delegations  (sil2100, 19:09)
 * ''ACTION:'' sil2100 to follow up on the Cinnamon 24.04 LTS Qualification re the number of contacts listed for the flavor  (sil2100, 19:10)

=== Scan the mailing list archive for anything we missed (standing item) ===

Discussion started by sil2100 at 19:11.

 * ''LINK:'' https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/technical-board/2024-June/thread.html   (sil2100, 19:11)

=== Check up on community bugs and techboard bugs ===

Discussion started by sil2100 at 19:12.


=== Select a chair for the next meeting (next from https://launchpad.net/~techboard/+members) ===

Discussion started by sil2100 at 19:12.

 * ''AGREED:'' Next meeting chair: rbasak, backup: seb128  (sil2100, 19:13)

=== AOB ===

Discussion started by sil2100 at 19:13.




== Action items, by person ==

 * rbasak
  * rbasak to draft a proposal of the DMB-proposed inactivity expiration policy for TB ratification
  * rbasak to open wider discussion on third-party repo policy
 * seb128
  * seb128 to continue working with SRU, AA, Release, Backporters and Security teams to document their membership process and link to it from https://wiki.ubuntu.com/TechnicalBoard#Team_Delegations
 * sil2100
  * sil2100 to follow up on the Cinnamon 24.04 LTS Qualification re the number of contacts listed for the flavor
 * **UNASSIGNED**
  * vorlon to look into scripting for packages in flavor-specific overlays



== People present (lines said) ==

 * sil2100 (50)
 * rbasak (13)
 * meetingology (8)
 * seb128 (5)
 * amurray (2)



== Full log ==


 19:01 <sil2100> #startmeeting Ubuntu Technical Board

 19:01 <meetingology> Meeting started at 19:01:33 UTC.  The chair is sil2100.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 19:01 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 19:01 <sil2100> #topic Apologies

 19:01 <sil2100> As last time, vorlon sent apologies for the next few meetings

 19:02 <sil2100> #topi Action review

 19:02 <sil2100> Let me go through the list from last meeting

 19:03 <sil2100> Action: rbasak to draft a proposal of the DMB-proposed inactivity expiration policy for TB ratification

 19:03 <sil2100> rbasak: any progress?

 19:03 <rbasak> This is pending finalisation of the snap implementation details. I'm making good progress on this. You'll see some updates in the doc, particularly in the area of behaviour on release upgrade.

 19:03 <rbasak> Uh

 19:03 <rbasak> Sorry, wrong answer.

 19:03 <rbasak> No progress on the inactivity expiration policy, sorry.

 19:03 <rbasak> I've been focused on the other thing ;)

 19:04 <sil2100> Let's carry this one over and chat a bit about the third party repo bits

 19:04 <sil2100> #action rbasak to draft a proposal of the DMB-proposed inactivity expiration policy for TB ratification

 19:04 * meetingology rbasak to draft a proposal of the DMB-proposed inactivity expiration policy for TB ratification

 19:04 <sil2100> So I don't see a carry-pover action item for the aforementioned topic

 19:04 * rbasak rbasak to open wider discussion on third-party repo policy

 19:04 <rbasak> That one

 19:04 <sil2100> I did read through it after last meeting at least and in that stage the ready parts felt good for me

 19:05 <sil2100> rbasak: that's not the up-to-date action list

 19:05 <sil2100> https://new.ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2024/ubuntu-meeting.2024-06-04-19.07.moin.txt

 19:05 <rbasak> Ah OK

 19:05 <rbasak> I think that should have been carried over

 19:05 <sil2100> I think we forgot to update the Agenda page?

 19:05 <sil2100> Let me add it now then!

 19:05 <sil2100> #action rbasak to open wider discussion on third-party repo policy

 19:05 * meetingology rbasak to open wider discussion on third-party repo policy

 19:06 <sil2100> rbasak: does it need a re-read if I checked it right after last TB meeting?

 19:06 <amurray> sorry I think I forgot to update the wiki after the last meeting

 19:06 <sil2100> amurray: that's fine :) The meeting logs are actually always conveniently there

 19:07 <rbasak> sil2100: if you care about specifics about the handling of snap channels on release upgrade. That's the only area of substantial change.

 19:07 <rbasak> Note that it's still a draft at this stage. If you don't keep up, there will still be an opportunity to provide feedback before a final version.

 19:08 <sil2100> ACK o/

 19:08 <sil2100> Thank you!

 19:08 <sil2100> Let's move on

 19:08 <rbasak> Though I'm trying to get the substantial stuff settled asap.

 19:08 <sil2100> Action: vorlon to look into scripting for packages in flavor-specific overlays

 19:08 <sil2100> Let's carry over

 19:08 <sil2100> #action vorlon to look into scripting for packages in flavor-specific overlays

 19:08 * meetingology vorlon to look into scripting for packages in flavor-specific overlays

 19:09 <sil2100> Next one as well as we don't seem to have seb128 around today o/

 19:09 <sil2100> #action seb128 to continue working with SRU, AA, Release, Backporters and Security teams to document their membership process and link to it from https://wiki.ubuntu.com/TechnicalBoard#Team_Delegations

 19:09 * meetingology seb128 to continue working with SRU, AA, Release, Backporters and Security teams to document their membership process and link to it from https://wiki.ubuntu.com/TechnicalBoard#Team_Delegations

 19:09 <seb128> carry over please

 19:09 <sil2100> Yay!

 19:09 <seb128> I'm around, sorry I arrived a few minutes late and didn't want to disturbe the meeting which was already started :p

 19:09 <sil2100> Good to have you around o/

 19:09 <seb128> :)

 19:09 <sil2100> Next one is for vorlon, so I'll also carry it over

 19:10 <sil2100> Actually, let me take this one from Steve: vorlon to follow up on the Cinnamon 24.04 LTS Qualification re the number of contacts listed for the flavor

 19:10 <sil2100> I'll try to tackle it while he's gone

 19:10 <sil2100> #action sil2100 to follow up on the Cinnamon 24.04 LTS Qualification re the number of contacts listed for the flavor

 19:10 * meetingology sil2100 to follow up on the Cinnamon 24.04 LTS Qualification re the number of contacts listed for the flavor

 19:11 <sil2100> #topic Scan the mailing list archive for anything we missed (standing item)

 19:11 <sil2100> #link https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/technical-board/2024-June/thread.html

 19:11 <sil2100> Nothing new there

 19:11 <sil2100> I see we had a bit of spam in moderation

 19:11 <sil2100> But nothing besides that

 19:12 <sil2100> #topic Check up on community bugs and techboard bugs

 19:12 <sil2100> I see no new bugs for us to act on

 19:12 <sil2100> #topic Select a chair for the next meeting (next from https://launchpad.net/~techboard/+members)

 19:13 <sil2100> Next meeting chair would be rbasak, with seb128 as reserve?

 19:13 <sil2100> Is that fine with everyone?

 19:13 <seb128> yes! :)

 19:13 <sil2100> #agreed Next meeting chair: rbasak, backup: seb128

 19:13 <meetingology> AGREED: Next meeting chair: rbasak, backup: seb128

 19:13 <sil2100> #topic AOB

 19:13 <sil2100> Anything to discuss?

 19:14 <rbasak> ack

 19:14 <seb128> not from me

 19:14 <amurray> nothing from me

 19:14 <sil2100> I suppose we should all keep a lookout for progress on the third party repository document

 19:14 <sil2100> rbasak keep us posted!

 19:15 <sil2100> And thank you for driving that!

 19:15 <sil2100> Okay, if there's nothing else, and no outside requests or queries, let me end the meeting for today

 19:15 <sil2100> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)