== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team meeting, started by juliank, 07 Nov at 16:02 &mdash; 17:07 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2024/ubuntu-meeting.2024-11-07-16.02.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning rounds ===

Discussion started by juliank at 16:02.


=== Release incoming bugs ===

Discussion started by juliank at 16:03.

 * ''LINK:'' http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/rls-mgr/rls-pp-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs   (juliank, 16:03)
 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/bpftrace/+bug/2086104   (mkukri, 16:03)
 * ''LINK:'' http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/rls-mgr/rls-oo-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs   (juliank, 16:21)
 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/bash/+bug/2083131   (liushuyu, 16:26)
 * ''LINK:'' http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/rls-mgr/rls-nn-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs   (juliank, 16:28)
 * ''LINK:'' http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/rls-mgr/rls-jj-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs   (juliank, 16:48)
 * ''LINK:'' http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/rls-mgr/rls-ff-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs   (juliank, 16:54)

=== Team proposed-migration report ===

Discussion started by juliank at 16:54.

 * ''LINK:'' https://ubuntu-archive-team.ubuntu.com/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs   (juliank, 16:54)

=== AOB ===

Discussion started by juliank at 16:55.




== People present (lines said) ==

 * juliank (79)
 * schopin (15)
 * enr0n (8)
 * ravikant_ (7)
 * andersson123 (5)
 * slyon (5)
 * mkukri (3)
 * meetingology (2)
 * liushuyu (2)
 * adrien (1)
 * uralt (1)
 * r41k0u (1)
 * bdrung (1)



== Full log ==


 16:02 <juliank> #startmeeting Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team

 16:02 <meetingology> Meeting started at 16:02:22 UTC.  The chair is juliank.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 16:02 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 16:02 <juliank> #topic Lightning rounds

 16:02 <juliank> We skip today

 16:03 <juliank> #topic Release incoming bugs

 16:03 <ravikant_> o/

 16:03 <juliank> #link http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/rls-mgr/rls-pp-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 16:03 <liushuyu> o/

 16:03 <juliank> bug 2083942

 16:03 <adrien> \o (half around only)

 16:03 <uralt> o/

 16:03 <mkukri> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/bpftrace/+bug/2086104

 16:04 <juliank> we are still talking about bug 2083942

 16:04 <juliank> :D

 16:04 <ravikant_> should we tag it todo?

 16:04 <juliank> enr0n: I think we should tag this todo

 16:05 <juliank> bug 2085070 seems for schopin

 16:05 <schopin> Well, anyone who wants to do an SRU can take it too :)

 16:06 <enr0n> schopin: yes ^

 16:06 <enr0n> who needs/wants to do an SRU?

 16:06 <schopin> But yes clearly it needs to be tagged.

 16:06 <juliank> schopin: Well yes I just want you to drive and judge whether that's correct

 16:07 <juliank> We do not ship a glusterd

 16:07 <ravikant_> andersson123 wants to do an STU

 16:07 <schopin> We don't? Oh well :P

 16:07 <ravikant_> SRU*

 16:07 <juliank> Ah ok glusterfs-server

 16:07 <r41k0u> enr0n I can take this up

 16:07 <juliank> apt search didn't pop anything up

 16:08 <andersson123> I can take one at another time  since Mate is volunteering :)

 16:08 <schopin> r41k0u spoke first (and in the correct place too)

 16:08 <juliank> Well ok then

 16:09 <juliank> bug 2085142

 16:09 <juliank> this isn't anything we can do I suppose

 16:10 <juliank> We can file a ticket with IS

 16:12 <juliank> I have filed a ticket with IS

 16:12 <schopin> Any volunteer to drive this?

 16:12 <juliank> If IS tells me it's not their task I can circle back

 16:13 <schopin> I guess Julian volunteered then :)

 16:13 <juliank> I'll keep it as incoming for a week

 16:13 <juliank> To force me to check next week

 16:13 <juliank> bug 2015538

 16:13 <slyon> That one again..

 16:13 <juliank> Should we move this to qq now

 16:13 <slyon> we still need somebody to do the upstream gdm work

 16:14 <slyon> as long as that work doesn't get done, we can't move forward

 16:14 <slyon> maybe we should drop the tag until somebody (some team) picks up that work?

 16:15 <juliank> Just pushing it forward each cycle for consideration seems sensible to me

 16:15 <schopin> I fear that if we do nothing will ever happen.

 16:15 <schopin> (do drop the tag I mean)

 16:21 <juliank> liushuyu: the implementation is at https://github.com/bus1/dbus-broker/pull/321/files

 16:21 <juliank> #link http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/rls-mgr/rls-oo-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 16:22 <juliank> bug 2085157

 16:22 <bdrung> I already started working on it. So please tag it.

 16:23 <juliank> tagged

 16:23 <juliank> bug 2085548

 16:26 <liushuyu> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/bash/+bug/2083131

 16:26 <juliank> I left a comment on the first bug

 16:27 <juliank> And I'll tag the second one as todo I guess

 16:28 <juliank> #link http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/rls-mgr/rls-nn-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 16:28 <juliank> bug 2041518

 16:28 <juliank> that one was with desktop

 16:29 <juliank> bug 2085314

 16:29 <juliank> enr0n:

 16:29 <enr0n> looking

 16:29 <juliank> There's a fix upstream to cherry pick

 16:30 <juliank> Reproducer for SRU may be tricky

 16:30 <schopin> maybe valgrind would pick up the overflow?

 16:31 <juliank> Either way we can upload it and convince SRU team that we can't reproduce it but upstream says it fixes it or something?

 16:31 <enr0n> it looks like there is a somewhat reliable repro on the bug report. I will give it a shot and tag this for SRU if so

 16:31 <enr0n> something something micro release exceptions for systemd

 16:32 <juliank> heh

 16:32 <juliank> bug 2060676

 16:32 <schopin> does systemd *do* microreleases?

 16:32 <juliank> yes

 16:32 <slyon> yes

 16:32 <enr0n> schopin: yes

 16:32 <juliank> lol3

 16:32 <juliank> This sounds like a won't fix?

 16:33 <juliank> Oh well Debian has a fix

 16:33 <juliank> Last time I looked at it I couldn't figure out where it came from

 16:33 <juliank> let's do it I guess, this is weird auditing

 16:34 <juliank> bug 2078596

 16:34 <juliank> This is about broken command-not-found data

 16:35 <juliank> We have no straightforward way to fix it as the release pocket is frozen

 16:35 <schopin> re the shadow bug, it's fairly low priority, I'm not sure we'd want to risk an SRU just for this?

 16:35 <juliank> schopin: I'd rather fix it now before it comes back in from very annoyed customers via support

 16:36 <schopin> heh, at least they'd feel they get their money's worth?

 16:36 <juliank> These get to security-relevant logs and can flare up auditing things

 16:38 <andersson123> I can take !

 16:39 <andersson123> I volunteer ... Katniss style

 16:39 <juliank> andersson123: the command-not-found issue or the shadow thing?

 16:39 <andersson123> whichever is simplest :)

 16:39 * schopin imagines andersson123 with a long braid.

 16:40 <juliank> command-not-found requires inventing a new mechanism in command-not-found to have fixups

 16:40 <juliank> and infrastructure changes

 16:40 <schopin> andersson123: shadow is simpler.

 16:40 <andersson123> Shadow then please (my fav hedgehog)

 16:41 <schopin> Yay delegation \o/

 16:42 <ravikant_> is this related? 2066199

 16:42 <ravikant_> bug 2066199

 16:42 <juliank> This would fix that one instance for sure

 16:42 <juliank> But I think it's worth fixing the general case

 16:43 <juliank> We need to do a one-off hack to command-not-found in to ignore everything not actually published in noble

 16:43 <juliank> as we can't fix the noble data

 16:46 <juliank> bug 2078579

 16:48 <juliank> #link http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/rls-mgr/rls-jj-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 16:48 <juliank> sorry I missed bug 2086506

 16:52 <juliank> I'll go look at my discussions about this a couple months ago and then I'll come back to this next week

 16:53 <juliank> bug 2085951

 16:53 <juliank> update-notifier seems to miss a Depends: python3-debian

 16:53 <juliank> in jammy and below

 16:54 <juliank> #link http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/rls-mgr/rls-ff-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 16:54 <juliank> empty

 16:54 <juliank> #topic Team proposed-migration report

 16:54 <juliank> #link https://ubuntu-archive-team.ubuntu.com/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs

 16:55 <juliank> ginggs said this is too much in flux and we should do it next week after everything got retried

 16:55 <juliank> We are also running out of time anyway

 16:55 <juliank> #topic AOB

 16:55 <enr0n> if we are going to tag 2085951, should we also add an assignee?

 16:55 <enr0n> otherwise it's gonna get lost in the ether

 16:55 <ravikant_> juliank: can you triage this bug https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/libzstd/+bug/2086543

 16:55 <juliank> Ah yes, who wants to add a dependency?

 16:56 <juliank> mkukri wanted to do an SRU I think?

 16:57 <mkukri> took it

 16:59 <juliank> ravikant_: I think static libraries are not supposed to be built with fPIC so this is correct?

 16:59 <juliank> But it's a tool chain question

 16:59 <mkukri> at least -fPIE maybe? or otherwise you cannot link them into pies

 17:07 <juliank> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)