== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Ubuntu Developer Membership Board meeting, started by rbasak, 03 Apr at 16:06 &mdash; 16:43 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2023/ubuntu-meeting.2023-04-03-16.06.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== Package Set/Per Package Uploader Applications ===

Discussion started by rbasak at 16:06.

 * '''Paolo Pisati (2023-04-03)'''  (rbasak, 16:06)
  * ''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/PaoloPisati/DKMSUploadApplication   (rbasak, 16:06)
  * ''LINK:'' https://launchpad.net/~p-pisati/+uploaded-packages only shows each package once I think.  (rbasak, 16:12)
  * ''LINK:'' https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/lunar-lobster-release-schedule/27284   (ppisati, 16:18)
  * ''VOTE:'' Grant ppisati membership of the kernel-dkms packageset uploading team (Carried)  (rbasak, 16:36)
  * ''ACTION:'' kanashiro[m] to announce ppisati's successful application  (rbasak, 16:37)
  * ''ACTION:'' kanashiro[m] to make ACL changes for ppisati's approved application  (rbasak, 16:37)

=== Review of previous action items ===

Discussion started by rbasak at 16:38.

 * ''ACTION:'' rbasak to document the decision on Keeping IRC meetings moving  (rbasak, 16:39)
 * ''ACTION:'' teward to  follow up to get all application process wiki/docs to explain the process to be able to edit wiki pages, for applicants who don't yet have wiki edit access (carried over)  (rbasak, 16:39)

=== Outstanding mailing list requests to assign ===

Discussion started by rbasak at 16:40.

 * No outstanding mailing list requests to assign  (rbasak, 16:40)

=== Open TB bugs ===

Discussion started by rbasak at 16:40.

 *   (rbasak, 16:41)
 * There are currently no open bugs.  (rbasak, 16:41)

=== AOB ===

Discussion started by rbasak at 16:41.




== Vote results ==

 * [[https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2023/ubuntu-meeting.2023-04-03-16.06.log.html#60|Grant ppisati membership of the kernel-dkms packageset uploading team]]
  * Motion carried (For: 4, Against: 0, Abstained: 0)
   * Voters: rbasak, seb128, teward, kanashiro[m]



== Action items, by person ==

 * ppisati
  * kanashiro[m] to announce ppisati's successful application
  * kanashiro[m] to make ACL changes for ppisati's approved application
 * rbasak
  * rbasak to document the decision on Keeping IRC meetings moving
 * teward
  * teward to  follow up to get all application process wiki/docs to explain the process to be able to edit wiki pages, for applicants who don't yet have wiki edit access (carried over)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * rbasak (61)
 * ppisati (28)
 * meetingology (17)
 * kanashiro[m] (9)
 * teward (4)
 * seb128 (2)



== Full log ==


 16:06 <rbasak> #startmeeting Ubuntu Developer Membership Board

 16:06 <meetingology> Meeting started at 16:06:06 UTC.  The chair is rbasak.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 16:06 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 16:06 <rbasak> Let's go straight to applications

 16:06 <rbasak> #topic Package Set/Per Package Uploader Applications

 16:06 <rbasak> #subtopic Paolo Pisati (2023-04-03)

 16:06 <rbasak> ppisati: welcome! Would you like to introduce yourself?

 16:06 <rbasak> #link https://wiki.ubuntu.com/PaoloPisati/DKMSUploadApplication

 16:06 <ppisati> yep

 16:07 <ppisati> Hi there, my name is Paolo and I've been a member of the Ubuntu kernel team since 2011

 16:07 <ppisati> my main focus is devel kernel / kernel packaging, and i mantain the kernel dev series

 16:08 <ppisati> I'm applying for dkms upload rights so i can (hopefully) speedup release of new kernels

 16:08 <ppisati> since often new kernels are blocked on DKMS FTBFS or various other DKMS failures

 16:09 <rbasak> Does anyone have questions for ppisati?

 16:09 <rbasak> I can start :)

 16:09 <rbasak> ppisati: do you know what the SRU team's opinion is of "Regression Potential: None" or similar?

 16:10 <ppisati> rbasak: yes, they don't like it! :)

 16:10 <ppisati> i think you picked that from one of my previous DKMS upload

 16:10 <rbasak> I looked for recent SRUs, and see bug 2002527 and bug 2002329 :)

 16:11 <ppisati> that is actually part of the SRU template and should show where the update you are working on 'could go wrong'

 16:11 <rbasak> Bug 2002636 too.

 16:11 <rbasak> Those are your most recent SRUs I think?

 16:12 <ppisati> rbasak: yep, somehow that list doesn't show all the SRUs i did in the past

 16:12 <rbasak> I'm looking at https://udd.debian.org/cgi-bin/ubuntu-sponsorships.cgi?render=html&sponsor=&sponsor_search=name&sponsoree=Paolo+Pisati&sponsoree_search=name - is that more representative?

 16:12 <rbasak> https://launchpad.net/~p-pisati/+uploaded-packages only shows each package once I think.

 16:13 <rbasak> Maybe per package or per release or something like that. Anyway I find the sponsorship miner to be more comprehensive. Or do you think there are more yet that are missing?

 16:13 <ppisati> rbasak: yes, that looks more complete

 16:13 <ppisati> rbasak: the last url you posted looks good (please dont' ask me what i did in 2011...)

 16:14 <rbasak> Looking at your past few SRUs (most recent) from there, I feel that you're missing something in your communications with the SRU team. They keep needing to clarify things, and I don't think they generally include much of a regression analysis at all.

 16:15 <ppisati> rbasak: yes, i should improve that

 16:15 <rbasak> eg. https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/evdi/+bug/2002320/comments/2 and https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/openafs/+bug/2002527/comments/3

 16:15 <rbasak> OK, let's move on

 16:16 <rbasak> ppisati: are there times when it might be inappropriate to upload DKMS fixes to the development release?

 16:16 <ppisati> rbasak: when we are in beta freeze or finale freeze, for example

 16:17 <ppisati> rbasak: but even feature freeze, upload should slow down, and only hot fixes for specific bugs are admitted

 16:17 <rbasak> Great.

 16:17 <rbasak> ppisati: what freeze applies to Lunar at the moment, and where can you find that information?

 16:18 <ppisati> rbasak: ATM we just left beta freeze and we are back to feature freeze, final freeze should be...

 16:18 <ppisati> https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/lunar-lobster-release-schedule/27284

 16:18 <ppisati> April 13 ^

 16:18 <rbasak> Great, thanks!

 16:19 <ppisati> the release schedule tells you the state of the archive wrt uploads

 16:19 <rbasak> ppisati: to fix packages in the stable release, where is the process and policy documentation?

 16:20 <ppisati> rbasak: it's the SRU process -> https://wiki.ubuntu.com/StableReleaseUpdates

 16:22 <rbasak> Thanks! I have no more questions.

 16:22 <rbasak> Does anyone else have any questions for ppisati?

 16:24 <kanashiro[m]> ppisati: what could block your upload in proposed? What would you do to investigate that?

 16:25 <ppisati> kanashiro[m]: autopkgtests, i useually check the excuse page and then take it from there

 16:25 <ppisati> e.g. https://ubuntu-archive-team.ubuntu.com/proposed-migration/update_excuses.html

 16:26 <kanashiro[m]> is autopkgtest the only reason to get a package blocked?

 16:27 <ppisati> kanashiro[m]: uhm, no, it could depend on another package that is not installable

 16:28 <ppisati> it could be that the archive is frozen

 16:28 <ppisati> or the package violates one of the SRU rules

 16:29 <kanashiro[m]> ppisati: thanks for the answer! It could also be a installability issue in the package itself or a FTBFS

 16:30 <ppisati> kanashiro[m]: sure

 16:31 <kanashiro[m]> no more questions from me

 16:31 <rbasak> Anyone else?

 16:31 <rbasak> (thanks kanashiro[m]!)

 16:33 <rbasak> OK, let's vote.

 16:33 <rbasak> #vote Grant ppisati membership of the kernel-dkms packageset uploading team

 16:33 <meetingology> Please vote on: Grant ppisati membership of the kernel-dkms packageset uploading team

 16:33 <meetingology> Public votes can be registered by saying +1, -1 or +0 in channel (for private voting, private message me with 'vote +1|-1|+0 #channelname')

 16:33 <rbasak> +1 you have an extensive track record of fixes to DKMS packages, sufficient Ubuntu development knowledge (likely a lot more!) and endorsements from relevant developers. I'd like to see more comprehensive regression analysis and test plans for your SRUs, but on balance I think Ubuntu would benefit more if you could upload these directly today.

 16:33 <meetingology> +1 you have an extensive track record of fixes to DKMS packages, sufficient Ubuntu development knowledge (likely a lot more!) and endorsements from relevant developers. I'd like to see more comprehensive regression analysis and test plans for your SRUs, but on balance I think Ubuntu would benefit more if you could upload these directly today. received from rbasak

 16:33 <rbasak> But please consider what you could do to reduce questions review iterations on your SRU uploads. I welcome conversations with the SRU team about that - especially discussions around anything you think we should change.

 16:34 <seb128> +1 seems a solid application for the requested packages, I would also like to see improvements on the SRU front as mentioned by Robie

 16:34 <meetingology> +1 seems a solid application for the requested packages, I would also like to see improvements on the SRU front as mentioned by Robie received from seb128

 16:35 <teward> +1 I would like to see improvements on the SRU front as Robie mentioned, but otherwise a solid application for the packages requested.

 16:35 <meetingology> +1 I would like to see improvements on the SRU front as Robie mentioned, but otherwise a solid application for the packages requested. received from teward

 16:35 <teward> *sips coffee*

 16:36 <kanashiro[m]> +1. I see all the amount of work done during those several years and I do believe more people taking care of DKMS packages would benefit the project. I'd say you still need to improve your SRUs to avoid more work on the overloaded SRU team. Thanks for all your work and keep it up!

 16:36 <meetingology> +1. I see all the amount of work done during those several years and I do believe more people taking care of DKMS packages would benefit the project. I'd say you still need to improve your SRUs to avoid more work on the overloaded SRU team. Thanks for all your work and keep it up! received from kanashiro[m]

 16:36 <rbasak> #endvote

 16:36 <meetingology> Voting ended on: Grant ppisati membership of the kernel-dkms packageset uploading team

 16:36 <meetingology> Votes for: 4, Votes against: 0, Abstentions: 0

 16:36 <meetingology> Motion carried

 16:36 <rbasak> Congratulations ppisati!

 16:36 <seb128> congrats!

 16:36 <rbasak> Any volunteers for the ACL change and/or the announcement please?

 16:36 <kanashiro[m]> congrats ppisati !

 16:37 <ppisati> thanks guys, i'll be more careful wrt SRUs / regression potential

 16:37 <kanashiro[m]> rbasak: I can take it

 16:37 <rbasak> Thanks!

 16:37 <rbasak> Checklist reminder: https://wiki.ubuntu.com/DeveloperMembershipBoard/KnowledgeBase#Actions_after_a_successful_application

 16:37 <rbasak> #action kanashiro[m] to announce ppisati's successful application

 16:37 * meetingology kanashiro[m] to announce ppisati's successful application

 16:37 <kanashiro[m]> ack

 16:37 <ppisati> ack

 16:37 <rbasak> #action kanashiro[m] to make ACL changes for ppisati's approved application

 16:37 * meetingology kanashiro[m] to make ACL changes for ppisati's approved application

 16:38 <rbasak> ppisati: please do ask if it's not clear about the SRUs. Often it's just about mismatched expectations and talking is the easiest way to fix that :)

 16:38 <ppisati> rbasak: i promise i'll do

 16:38 <rbasak> Thanks!

 16:38 <rbasak> #topic Review of previous action items

 16:39 <rbasak> teward follow up to get all application process wiki/docs to explain the process to be able to edit wiki pages, for applicants who don't yet have wiki edit access (carried over)

 16:39 <rbasak> rbased to document the decision on Keeping IRC meetings moving

 16:39 <rbasak> Mine needs carrying over

 16:39 <teward> same on mine

 16:39 <teward> never enough cycles >.<

 16:39 <rbasak> #action rbasak to document the decision on Keeping IRC meetings moving

 16:39 * meetingology rbasak to document the decision on Keeping IRC meetings moving

 16:39 <rbasak> #action teward follow up to get all application process wiki/docs to explain the process to be

 16:39 * meetingology teward follow up to get all application process wiki/docs to explain the process to be

 16:39 <rbasak> able to edit wiki pages, for applicants who don't yet have wiki edit access (carried

 16:39 <rbasak> over)

 16:39 <rbasak> Sorry for the bad paste

 16:39 <rbasak> #undo

 16:39 <meetingology> Removing item from minutes: ACTION

 16:39 <rbasak> #action teward to  follow up to get all application process wiki/docs to explain the process to be able to edit wiki pages, for applicants who don't yet have wiki edit access (carried over)

 16:39 * meetingology teward to  follow up to get all application process wiki/docs to explain the process to be able to edit wiki pages, for applicants who don't yet have wiki edit access (carried over)

 16:40 <rbasak> #topic Outstanding mailing list requests to assign

 16:40 <rbasak> I don't see any

 16:40 <rbasak> #info No outstanding mailing list requests to assign

 16:40 <rbasak> #topic Open TB bugs

 16:41 <rbasak> #info

 16:41 <rbasak> There are currently no open bugs.

 16:41 <rbasak> #info There are currently no open bugs.

 16:41 <rbasak> #topic AOB

 16:41 <rbasak> AOB?

 16:43 <kanashiro[m]> none

 16:43 <rbasak> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)