== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Developer Membership Board meeting, started by rbasak, 07 Aug at 19:07 &mdash; 19:39 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2023/ubuntu-meeting.2023-08-07-19.07.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== Review of previous action items ===

Discussion started by rbasak at 19:07.

 * ''ACTION:'' teward follow up to get all application process wiki/docs to explain the process to be able to edit wiki pages, for applicants who don't yet have wiki edit access (carried over)  (rbasak, 19:07)
 * ''ACTION:'' rbasak to document the decision on Keeping IRC meetings moving  (rbasak, 19:07)

=== Open TB bugs ===

Discussion started by rbasak at 19:23.

 * There are currently no open bugs.  (rbasak, 19:24)

=== Why is mythbuntu-dev still a delegated team when it isn't a flavor? ===

Discussion started by rbasak at 19:24.

 * ''ACTION:'' bdmurray to clean up the defunct mythbuntu-dev team, associated packageset and anything else related  (rbasak, 19:29)

=== Reviewing members of Ubuntu Contributing Developers. There are some people whose membership in team appears redundant to me. Should people be removed when added to MOTU or CoreDev? ===

Discussion started by rbasak at 19:29.

 * ''AGREED:'' We won't remove members from the redundant uploading teams  (rbasak, 19:36)

=== AOB ===

Discussion started by rbasak at 19:36.




== Action items, by person ==

 * bdmurray
  * bdmurray to clean up the defunct mythbuntu-dev team, associated packageset and anything else related
 * rbasak
  * rbasak to document the decision on Keeping IRC meetings moving
 * **UNASSIGNED**
  * teward follow up to get all application process wiki/docs to explain the process to be able to edit wiki pages, for applicants who don't yet have wiki edit access (carried over)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * rbasak (43)
 * bdmurray (13)
 * meetingology (10)



== Full log ==


 19:07 <rbasak> #startmeeting Developer Membership Board

 19:07 <meetingology> Meeting started at 19:07:08 UTC.  The chair is rbasak.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 19:07 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 19:07 <rbasak> #topic Review of previous action items

 19:07 <rbasak> #action teward follow up to get all application process wiki/docs to explain the process to be able to edit wiki pages, for applicants who don't yet have wiki edit access (carried over)

 19:07 * meetingology teward follow up to get all application process wiki/docs to explain the process to be able to edit wiki pages, for applicants who don't yet have wiki edit access (carried over)

 19:07 <rbasak> #action rbasak to document the decision on Keeping IRC meetings moving

 19:07 * meetingology rbasak to document the decision on Keeping IRC meetings moving

 19:07 <rbasak> ^ this needs carrying over but the documentation does currently exist in the form of the email; it just needs moving to the wiki

 19:08 <rbasak> #action utkarsh2102 to handle announcement and PPU adjustments for nkshirsa

 19:08 * meetingology utkarsh2102 to handle announcement and PPU adjustments for nkshirsa

 19:08 <rbasak> #topic Outstanding mailing list requests to assign

 19:08 <bdmurray> Can we check on utkarsh's item?

 19:08 <rbasak> Sure

 19:09 <rbasak> #undo

 19:09 <meetingology> Removing item from minutes: TOPIC

 19:09 <rbasak> Looks like that's done actually?

 19:10 <rbasak> https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/devel-permissions/2023-July/002316.html

 19:10 <rbasak> And the announcement was here: https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/devel-permissions/2023-June/002312.html

 19:11 <rbasak> And that did go to ubuntu-news-team@ and to ubuntu-devel@ it seems.

 19:11 <rbasak> bdmurray: OK to continue?

 19:12 <bdmurray> I checked with edit-acl and agree they have upload rights

 19:12 <rbasak> Thanks!

 19:12 <bdmurray> I'll remove it from the action items

 19:12 <rbasak> So let's remove that action...

 19:12 <rbasak> #undo

 19:12 <meetingology> Removing item from minutes: LINK

 19:12 <rbasak> #undo

 19:12 <meetingology> Removing item from minutes: ACTION

 19:14 <rbasak> I don't know if Odd_Bloke's request is still outstanding, but I think that's down to the Ubuntu Membership Board now, and not the DMB, and that's been discussed in the thread.

 19:14 <rbasak> So I don't think there's anything to do there.

 19:14 <bdmurray> Let me look at the last email about that

 19:14 <rbasak> Perhaps we should follow up

 19:17 <bdmurray> I'm not finding the email but I got the feeling he wasn't being helped.

 19:17 <rbasak> Let me reply to prompt the membership board to reply

 19:20 <rbasak> Done

 19:20 <rbasak> I agree he should have had a more definite reply by now, but I don't think that's within the scope of the DMB any more.

 19:22 <rbasak> Any other comment? Can I move on?

 19:23 <bdmurray> No more comments, let's carry on.

 19:23 <rbasak> #topic Open TB bugs

 19:24 <rbasak> #info There are currently no open bugs.

 19:24 <rbasak> #topic Why is mythbuntu-dev still a delegated team when it isn't a flavor?

 19:24 <rbasak> Seems to me that this just needs some cleaning up?

 19:25 <bdmurray> And maybe some flavor removal process documentation updates but since there isn't any...

 19:26 <rbasak> Would you like to take that action?

 19:28 <bdmurray> The action being removing mythbuntu-dev from ubuntu-dev or whatever teams are appropriate?

 19:28 <rbasak> Yes

 19:28 <bdmurray> Does the packageset also need removing?

 19:28 <rbasak> I think it would make sense to also remove it

 19:29 <bdmurray> Okay, yes I can do those things.

 19:29 <rbasak> #action bdmurray to clean up the defunct mythbuntu-dev team, associated packageset and anything else related

 19:29 * meetingology bdmurray to clean up the defunct mythbuntu-dev team, associated packageset and anything else related

 19:29 <rbasak> #topic Reviewing members of Ubuntu Contributing Developers. There are some people whose membership in team appears redundant to me. Should people be removed when added to MOTU or CoreDev?

 19:30 <rbasak> I'm still in ~ubuntu-server-dev IIRC. I don't see a particular reason to clean these up - seems like busywork to no benefit. Am I missing something?

 19:30 <rbasak> I agree it's redundant though

 19:32 <bdmurray> I don't recall how I ended up looking at this and I agree cleaning it up would be busy work but if the redundant members keep renewing we'd be saving them some time?

 19:33 <rbasak> They might object for nostalgic or social reasons though.

 19:33 <rbasak> We'd have to ask, and that seems like a lot of work.

 19:33 <rbasak> OTOH if they want to remove themselves they can.

 19:34 <bdmurray> Alright.

 19:36 <rbasak> #agreed We won't remove members from the redundant uploading teams

 19:36 <meetingology> AGREED: We won't remove members from the redundant uploading teams

 19:36 <rbasak> #topic AOB

 19:36 <rbasak> AOB?

 19:37 <bdmurray> Nothing from me.

 19:39 <rbasak> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)