== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team meeting, started by jawn-smith, 14 Jul at 15:00 &mdash; 15:55 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2022/ubuntu-meeting.2022-07-14-15.00.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning Round ===

Discussion started by jawn-smith at 15:00.


=== Release incoming bugs ===

Discussion started by jawn-smith at 15:06.

 * ''LINK:'' https://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-kk-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs   (jawn-smith, 15:07)
 * ''LINK:'' https://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-jj-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs   (jawn-smith, 15:20)

=== Team proposed-migration report ===

Discussion started by jawn-smith at 15:37.

 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs   (jawn-smith, 15:37)

=== AOB ===

Discussion started by jawn-smith at 15:50.




== People present (lines said) ==

 * jawn-smith (78)
 * slyon (18)
 * bdmurray (12)
 * ubottu (12)
 * enr0n (9)
 * waveform (3)
 * ginggs (3)
 * meetingology (2)
 * mclemenceau (2)
 * xypron (1)



== Full log ==


 15:00 <jawn-smith> #startmeeting Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team

 15:00 <meetingology> Meeting started at 15:00:15 UTC.  The chair is jawn-smith.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 15:00 <enr0n> o/

 15:00 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 15:00 <jawn-smith> #topic Lightning Round

 15:00 <bdmurray> o/

 15:00 <jawn-smith> The status is here: https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/foundations-team-updates-thursday-14-july-2022/29406/8

 15:00 <jawn-smith> Let's take a few minutes to read and ask questions

 15:02 <bdmurray> enr0n: Do you need stuff sponsored from your +1 shift?

 15:02 <enr0n> bdmurray: jawn-smith is helping with that

 15:02 <jawn-smith> o/

 15:03 <bdmurray> jawn-smith: were the autopkgtests you had to retry due to infrastructure or just the tests?

 15:04 <jawn-smith> Just flaky tests

 15:04 <bdmurray> waveform: Why will the raspi-config take a *long* time?

 15:04 <jawn-smith> Curl has loads of reverse dependencies so the volume of tests was pretty huge

 15:04 <waveform> bdmurray, take a look at the test plan: https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/raspi-config/+bug/1972982; there's a *looooot* of cases to cover

 15:04 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1972982 in raspi-config (Ubuntu Jammy) "[SRU] raspi-config is looking at the wrong directory" [High, Confirmed]

 15:04 <bdmurray> Yeah, I noticed that jawn-smith

 15:05 <waveform> bdmurray, some involving "novel" hardware like tracking down a composite-capable display (!)

 15:06 <jawn-smith> Any other questions?

 15:06 <bdmurray> I've asked all of mine

 15:06 <jawn-smith> #topic Release incoming bugs

 15:07 <jawn-smith> #link https://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-kk-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 15:07 <jawn-smith> bug 1981071

 15:07 <ubottu> Bug 1981071 in netplan.io (Ubuntu) "netplan set fails silently with wifi access points" [High, Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1981071

 15:07 <slyon> that one was reported by waveform, I reproduced it today

 15:07 <slyon> I set it to "Importance: Hight", so I think like we should card it

 15:08 <jawn-smith> Agreed, do you mind creating the card?

 15:08 <slyon> we did rework the netplan set command substantially, so I might re-test with the new code from netplan upstream..

 15:08 <slyon> jawn-smith: yes, I can do that.

 15:08 <jawn-smith> slyon: thanks!

 15:08 <jawn-smith> bug 1981042

 15:08 <ubottu> Bug 1981042 in systemd (Ubuntu) "/etc/localtime symlink not correctly handled when using /etc/writable" [Undecided, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1981042

 15:09 <jawn-smith> enr0n: You tagged this. Have you investigated/recreated?

 15:09 <enr0n> This is a long-standing issue with UC and /etc/writable, so basically yet another patch is needed

 15:09 <slyon> ugh...

 15:09 <jawn-smith> Is it something you have time/plans to work on?

 15:09 <slyon> Didn't they want to prepare an upstream solution?

 15:10 <enr0n> slyon: I don't think there really is a great upstream solution, unless they want to re-define the /etc/localtime spec

 15:12 <enr0n> So yes, I think this should be carded as it needs a jammy SRU. And I can work on it in the near future

 15:12 <slyon> I see. But the current approach (patching systemd) is not really sustainable, so maybe we should check back with them again to see if there are any other possible solutions (at least mid-term)

 15:13 <enr0n> slyon: totally agree

 15:13 <jawn-smith> enr0n: do you mind carding it and removing the tag?

 15:13 <slyon> carded

 15:13 <jawn-smith> awesome, thanks

 15:13 <jawn-smith> moving on

 15:13 <jawn-smith> bug 1981109

 15:13 <ubottu> Bug 1981109 in ubuntu-meta (Ubuntu) "server image pulls in ModemManager via fwupd, consumes 25MiB RAM in every container" [Undecided, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1981109

 15:14 <jawn-smith> This was tagged by v_orlon who is out, so I think I'll just leave it in the report to discuss next week

 15:15 <jawn-smith> bug 1980991

 15:15 <ubottu> Bug 1980991 in powermgmt-base (Ubuntu) "/usr/sbin/on_ac_power incorrectly reporting ac power status" [Undecided, Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1980991

 15:16 <jawn-smith> Yeah that sounds problematic, as so many hardware platforms are moving to USB-C

 15:17 <jawn-smith> So does anyone have bandwidth to investigate/work on this in the next couple of weeks?

 15:19 <jawn-smith> bdmurray has volunteered to look into this. Thanks!

 15:19 <jawn-smith> That's it for rls-kk

 15:20 <jawn-smith> #link https://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-jj-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 15:20 <jawn-smith> first one was already discussed and carded

 15:21 <jawn-smith> bug 1955114

 15:21 <ubottu> Bug 1955114 in swtpm (Ubuntu Jammy) "swtpm: upgrade to jammy fails" [Critical, Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1955114

 15:21 <xypron> Is LP #1977939 a similar bug for docking stations?

 15:21 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1977939 in systemd (Ubuntu) "logind does not recognize ID 17ef:3060 Lenovo ThinkPad Dock" [Undecided, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1977939

 15:22 <jawn-smith> Do we agree with this being marked as critical/(

 15:22 <bdmurray> Yesâ€½

 15:23 <jawn-smith> Okay let's card it then

 15:23 <jawn-smith> Any volunteers to work it?

 15:23 <slyon> carded

 15:24 <jawn-smith> Thanks, I'll follow up and make sure it gets addressed

 15:24 <jawn-smith> bug 1981431

 15:24 <ubottu> Bug 1981431 in systemd (Ubuntu) "systemd-resolved: DNSSEC validation failed: incompatible-server" [Undecided, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1981431

 15:24 <jawn-smith> Backing up a bit to the swtpm bug

 15:25 <bdmurray> xnox seems to have been a bit overzealous with the importance and milestoning it.

 15:25 <jawn-smith> We had a discussion and determined it is unlikely for people to encounter this bug

 15:25 <jawn-smith> As it is only triggered by installing non-ubuntu packages

 15:26 <jawn-smith> So we'll update the LP bug to change the importance

 15:26 <jawn-smith> back to bug 1981431

 15:26 <ubottu> Bug 1981431 in systemd (Ubuntu) "systemd-resolved: DNSSEC validation failed: incompatible-server" [Undecided, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1981431

 15:27 <jawn-smith> slyon, enr0n :

 15:27 <enr0n> I have not had time to reproduce this yet, but it seems worth fixing for LTS, and could be bundled in a jammy SRU.

 15:27 <enr0n> There is a straight forward patch in upstream systemd >= 250

 15:27 <jawn-smith> Do you have plans to work on it in the next couple of weeks?

 15:27 <enr0n> Yes I could include it in the next jammy SRU

 15:27 <slyon> I agree. the upstream patch seems to be available so this is worth fixing and SRUing

 15:27 <jawn-smith> Perfect, let's card it and move on to the next one

 15:28 <slyon> done.

 15:28 <jawn-smith> bug 1981485

 15:28 <ubottu> Bug 1981485 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu) "deb2snap.json contains gnome-3-34-1804 in the seeded section" [Undecided, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1981485

 15:29 <jawn-smith> This seems like a trivial change

 15:29 <jawn-smith> bdmurray has volunteered, so let's card it

 15:29 <mclemenceau> jawn-smith before you move on from jj, let me know I have a bug that I tag but the report isn't updated

 15:29 <slyon> carded 1981485

 15:30 <jawn-smith> bug 1970449

 15:30 <ubottu> Bug 1970449 in software-properties (Ubuntu) "GPG keys are not shown in Software and Updates" [Undecided, Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1970449

 15:31 <jawn-smith> This was tagged by j_uliank, who is out today

 15:31 <jawn-smith> Does anybody have any thoughts on the importance?

 15:32 <jawn-smith> It doesn't seem hugely important to me, so I vote we leave it in the queue to discuss when the person who tagged it is present

 15:32 <bdmurray> +1

 15:32 <slyon> seems to be a feature request..?

 15:32 <slyon> so maybe set it to "wishlist"?

 15:33 <jawn-smith> Well, it's a "feature" that apparently existed in 20.04 and no longer exists in 21.10+

 15:33 <jawn-smith> But there are command line ways to view this info so let's move on and discuss it next time

 15:34 <jawn-smith> mclemenceau: that's it for jj, what's your bug?

 15:34 <mclemenceau> thanks jawn-smith it was brought to me today: bug 1972029

 15:34 <ubottu> Bug 1972029 in isc-dhcp (Ubuntu) "dhclient overriding stub-resolv.conf file on Jammy" [Undecided, Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1972029

 15:34 <slyon> this is about the *-gtk (UI) part, so probably more of a desktop issue..

 15:36 <jawn-smith> slyon has volunteered to work on this, so let's card it

 15:37 <jawn-smith> rls-ff is mercifully empty

 15:37 <jawn-smith> #topic Team proposed-migration report

 15:37 <jawn-smith> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs

 15:38 <jawn-smith> ubuntu-meta is still with desktop

 15:38 <jawn-smith> python3-stdlib-extensions: doko is this still with you?

 15:39 <jawn-smith> Let's assume yes

 15:39 <jawn-smith> usb-creator is still waiting on MIRs AFAICT

 15:39 <slyon> that's true

 15:39 <slyon> it's waiting on jigit security-review, which might take a while

 15:40 <jawn-smith> ginggs: thanks for filling out the MIRs for lintian

 15:40 <ginggs> np!

 15:40 <jawn-smith> pygments is waiting on the pytest transition

 15:41 <ginggs> which just started

 15:41 <jawn-smith> libxcrypt was with b_drung, who is out

 15:43 <bdmurray> I'll look into python3-stdlib-extensions as its waiting on an s390x test

 15:43 <jawn-smith> Those perl regressions should be retried with the latest version of perl

 15:44 <bdmurray> The arm64 and s390x queues are in bad shape

 15:44 <jawn-smith> Okay let's avoid retriggering lots of perl tests for now then

 15:44 <ginggs> python3-stdlib-extensions migreated 4 minutes ago

 15:44 <jawn-smith> apport vs gnupg2

 15:45 <jawn-smith> appears to be arm64 and s390x only. I'll retry those

 15:46 <jawn-smith> restarted the gnupg2 regressions

 15:47 <jawn-smith> adduser: I'll volunteer for that one

 15:47 <jawn-smith> liblwp-protocol-https-perl: any volunteers?

 15:47 <slyon> I can

 15:48 <jawn-smith> Thanks!

 15:48 <jawn-smith> I'll go through and retrigger any perl failures that look appropriate

 15:49 <jawn-smith> mutt is waiting on security team reviews of two MIR packages

 15:50 <jawn-smith> That's it for proposed migration

 15:50 <jawn-smith> #topic AOB

 15:50 <bdmurray> jawn-smith: I'm retrying libcache-cache-perl/1.08-3

 15:51 <jawn-smith> Thanks bdmurray

 15:51 <waveform> I may disappear tomorrow/sometime-next-week as covid is wreaking havoc again

 15:53 <jawn-smith> Lots of people OOO next week between debconf and a roadmap sprint

 15:55 <jawn-smith> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)