== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status meeting, started by cpaelzer, 18 Jan at 15:31 &mdash; 15:56 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2022/ubuntu-meeting.2022-01-18-15.31.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== Review of previous action items ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 15:32.


=== current component mismatches ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 15:32.

 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg   (cpaelzer, 15:32)
 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg   (cpaelzer, 15:32)

=== New MIRs ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 15:37.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=NEW&field.status%3Alist=CONFIRMED&assignee_option=none&field.assignee=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (cpaelzer, 15:37)

=== Incomplete bugs / questions ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 15:38.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (cpaelzer, 15:38)

=== Any other business? ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 15:40.

 * ''LINK:'' https://github.com/cpaelzer/ubuntu-mir/pull/6   (cpaelzer, 15:48)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * cpaelzer (65)
 * slyon (10)
 * joalif (6)
 * sarnold (5)
 * didrocks (4)
 * meetingology (2)
 * ubottu (1)



== Full log ==


 15:31 <cpaelzer> #startmeeting Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status

 15:31 <meetingology> Meeting started at 15:31:09 UTC.  The chair is cpaelzer.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 15:31 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 15:31 <cpaelzer> ping slyon, didrocks, sarnold, joalif, jamespage for MIR meeting

 15:31 <sarnold> good morning

 15:31 <joalif> o/

 15:31 <slyon> o/

 15:31 <cpaelzer> as I promised last time I'll be distracted by othe rmeetings, so i beg your pardon for my latency

 15:32 <cpaelzer> #topic Review of previous action items

 15:32 <cpaelzer> none

 15:32 <cpaelzer> #topic current component mismatches

 15:32 <cpaelzer> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg

 15:32 <cpaelzer> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg

 15:32 <cpaelzer> let us check what new entries we have that need to be adressed

 15:32 <cpaelzer> new info on llvm-toolchain-13 foundations confirmed to take it

 15:33 <cpaelzer> doko was tasked to resolve

 15:33 <slyon> cups-filters seems new?

 15:33 <cpaelzer> so that will be gone in a bit since it is just needing an AA being a new version

 15:33 <cpaelzer> I agree slyon

 15:33 <cpaelzer> I was not seeing cups-filters -> lync before

 15:33 <cpaelzer> cups ~-> Desktop

 15:33 <cpaelzer> didrocks: are you around?

 15:34 <sarnold> sigh "Firefox has just been updated in the background. Click Restart Firefox to complete the update"

 15:34 <cpaelzer> while we wait for that another FYI

 15:34 <cpaelzer> the suitesparse case was solved, that will be gone with the next run

 15:35 <cpaelzer> without an MIR actually by auto-excluding -doc and -dev 8suitesparse)

 15:35 <cpaelzer> ok, it really leaves cups-filters -> lynx as the one to act on

 15:35 <slyon> side question about that: how often are those SVGs generated? Would it be possible to add a timestamp to it? (maybe we can discuss this in the AOB section)

 15:35 <cpaelzer> I'll ping Desktop in their channel

 15:36 <cpaelzer> slyon: you can watch them as html with .html suffix

 15:36 <cpaelzer> slyon: https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.html

 15:36 <cpaelzer> there they have a timestamp

 15:36 <cpaelzer> updated as often as update-excuses

 15:36 <slyon> ok, nice

 15:36 <sarnold> how nice that it's generated 1.5 minutes before the meeting :)

 15:37 <cpaelzer> message sent to desktop

 15:37 <cpaelzer> #topic New MIRs

 15:37 <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=NEW&field.status%3Alist=CONFIRMED&assignee_option=none&field.assignee=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 15:37 <cpaelzer> protobuf here does NOT need a review yet, it needs an owning team first

 15:38 <cpaelzer> foundations was suggested, slyon would you carry that to the team to say yes/no ?

 15:38 <cpaelzer> from there it can go into review

 15:38 <slyon> will do

 15:38 <cpaelzer> thanks

 15:38 <cpaelzer> #topic Incomplete bugs / questions

 15:38 <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 15:39 <cpaelzer> libio-prompt-tiny-perl has a todo for foundations, once solved either the MIR isn't needed or it is approved

 15:39 <cpaelzer> no action needed

 15:39 <cpaelzer> rustc opened, but yet incomplete

 15:39 <cpaelzer> I wonder if we need to carry our needs from our "preliminary rust MIR rules" work into that MIR bug

 15:40 <cpaelzer> maybe when we do the review to not mess with whatever this was hled back as incomplete for now

 15:40 <cpaelzer> #topic Any other business?

 15:40 <cpaelzer> the mismatch timestamp was solved

 15:40 <slyon> ack

 15:41 <cpaelzer> I wanted to ask how the joint review of joalif + slyon worked out?

 15:41 <cpaelzer> anything out of that we want to change in our templates?

 15:41 <slyon> joalif did the initial work

 15:41 <slyon> I still need to find some time for a review and filling of gaps

 15:41 <joalif> I did some stuff, the only thing that caught my eye

 15:41 <cpaelzer> ok, both please do eventually speak up if you think there are docs or processes to change

 15:41 <joalif> is that this package runs a daemon as root

 15:42 <slyon> joalif: was there anthing confusing with the process/wiki page that you'd like to improve?

 15:42 <cpaelzer> joalif: which is ok as a finding, we have recently changed the reporter templates to explain why such (daemon as root) should be ok. Did the reporter explain something in that regard?

 15:43 <joalif> the one thing that confused me a bit was what to do with seeded-in-ubuntu

 15:44 <cpaelzer> you are right joalif

 15:44 <cpaelzer> with our new style where we split RULES and TODO this part clearly would be a  RULE

 15:44 <cpaelzer> as it is not meant to stay around in the final post

 15:44 <cpaelzer> And more like a hint how you could check

 15:46 <joalif> yes I understand, my problem is not knowing how I'm supposed to use the tool :p

 15:47 <joalif> other than that the review process seems straight forward

 15:48 <cpaelzer> https://github.com/cpaelzer/ubuntu-mir/pull/6

 15:48 <ubottu> Pull 6 in cpaelzer/ubuntu-mir "Clarify check-mir and such are not to stay in the post" [Open]

 15:48 <cpaelzer> Created for what we can improve here

 15:48 <cpaelzer> the rest to understand "how to do it" really is either mana-page study or co-reviewing with one of us

 15:48 <cpaelzer> everyone please have a look at the PR, if accepted until next week we can merge that as improvement

 15:48 <didrocks> cpaelzer: back, sorry, I thought we told we would skip this week, scrollbacking

 15:49 <cpaelzer> we are about to close didrocks, no problem

 15:49 <cpaelzer> unless cups->lynx is a problem to you

 15:50 <sarnold> how is lynx in the daily-live and daily-preinstalled seeds if it is in universe now?

 15:50 <didrocks> cpaelzer: no, I’ll follow up with Till

 15:50 <cpaelzer> thanks

 15:51 <cpaelzer> sarnold: magic

 15:51 <sarnold> :)

 15:51 <didrocks> not really liking this kind of magic :p

 15:51 <cpaelzer> sarnold: chances are that is another binary of src:lynx showing up here

 15:51 <cpaelzer> but yeah it is in universe

 15:51 <cpaelzer> afaics

 15:52 <cpaelzer> a kind of magic worth a quick look by didrocks when sorting out the above maybe

 15:52 <cpaelzer> never the less I'd be closing out for today

 15:52 <didrocks> yeah, it can bit us another time without noticing, hence not linking not understanding what’s going on, but that’s a topic for later :)

 15:56 <cpaelzer> ok, thank you all then

 15:56 <cpaelzer> see you next week

 15:56 <slyon> see you, thanks!

 15:56 <cpaelzer> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)