== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status meeting, started by didrocks, 04 Oct at 14:33 &mdash; 14:50 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2022/ubuntu-meeting.2022-10-04-14.33.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== current component mismatches ===

Discussion started by didrocks at 14:33.

 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg   (didrocks, 14:33)
 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg   (didrocks, 14:33)

=== New MIRs ===

Discussion started by didrocks at 14:33.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=NEW&field.status%3Alist=CONFIRMED&assignee_option=none&field.assignee=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (didrocks, 14:33)

=== Incomplete bugs / questions ===

Discussion started by didrocks at 14:37.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (didrocks, 14:37)

=== MIR related Security Review Queue ===

Discussion started by didrocks at 14:47.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-security/+bugs?field.searchtext=%5BMIR%5D&assignee_option=choose&field.assignee=ubuntu-security&field.bug_reporter=&field.bug_commenter=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (didrocks, 14:47)
 * ''LINK:'' https://warthogs.atlassian.net/jira/software/c/projects/SEC/boards/594   (didrocks, 14:47)

=== Any other business? ===

Discussion started by didrocks at 14:49.




== People present (lines said) ==

 * didrocks (54)
 * sarnold (11)
 * joalif (9)
 * schopin (5)
 * meetingology (2)



== Full log ==


 14:33 <didrocks> #startmeeting Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status

 14:33 <meetingology> Meeting started at 14:33:11 UTC.  The chair is didrocks.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 14:33 <didrocks> Ping for MIR meeting - didrocks joalif slyon sarnold cpaelzer jamespage

 14:33 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 14:33 <didrocks> #topic current component mismatches

 14:33 <didrocks> Mission: Identify required actions and spread the load among the teams

 14:33 <didrocks> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg

 14:33 <didrocks> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg

 14:33 <didrocks> nothing new apparently

 14:33 <didrocks> #topic New MIRs

 14:33 <didrocks> Mission: ensure to assign all incoming reviews for fast processing

 14:33 <didrocks> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=NEW&field.status%3Alist=CONFIRMED&assignee_option=none&field.assignee=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 14:34 <didrocks> ah, libssh2 as been added :)

 14:34 <didrocks> it was a missing dep of libgit2 I think

 14:34 <didrocks> any taker? I’m unsure to have time for this this week

 14:34 <joalif> i can take it

 14:35 <didrocks> \o/

 14:35 <didrocks> thanks! I think there will be some fun discussion on libssh vs libssh2 and the security gods are looking :)

 14:35 <didrocks> The other is MIR licheerv-rtl8723ds-dkms

 14:36 <didrocks> this one seems to come back to the discussion of "drivers/tests"

 14:36 <didrocks> I’m happy to have a first look, but I think we should really discuss what to do with those in the QA team

 14:37 <didrocks> ok, let’s move to incomplete bugs

 14:37 <didrocks> #topic Incomplete bugs / questions

 14:37 <didrocks> Mission: Identify required actions and spread the load among the teams

 14:37 <didrocks> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 14:38 <joalif> re http-parser shall we discuss it now or later ?

 14:38 <didrocks> we can now

 14:38 <joalif> so apart from the upstream project being unmaintained

 14:39 <joalif> the package is ok

 14:39 <joalif> foundations say they are ok to take over

 14:39 <joalif> and also debian is actively maintaining it

 14:39 <joalif> so do we say ack or nack ?

 14:40 <didrocks> I would then say ack under those circumstances, sanoard, what would you be your vote?

 14:40 <sarnold> if we kicked out everything that was unsupported upstream it'd be a vastly smaller distro, but there's no denying that http parsers don't feel like the right place to be orphaned :(

 14:41 <didrocks> yep…

 14:41 <sarnold> if foundations is really onboard with maintenance as it comes up, that's probably good, but I want to make sure foundations understands that it might be some really heavy lifting, in addition to the far more likely case of nothing needed at all

 14:42 <didrocks> I think you can make those points during the security review :)

 14:42 <sarnold> trust me, I will :D

 14:42 <joalif> I haven't assigned it yet to security, shall I then ?

 14:43 <didrocks> I think you are good to go

 14:43 <sarnold> has it been upgraded to the latest upstream version yet?

 14:43 <didrocks> all my requirements are not answered though. schopin, do you plan on answering the other required TODOs?

 14:43 <didrocks> (I would prefer avoiding another ping/pong on the bug)

 14:43 <sarnold> oh, or was that for libgit2 only?

 14:43 <didrocks> joalif was talking about http-parser

 14:43 <schopin> didrocks: IIRC the remaining TODO was better test coverage?

 14:44 <schopin> wait, are we talking about libgit2 or http-parser?

 14:44 <didrocks> http-parser is ack

 14:45 <didrocks> schopin: we are missing on libgit2 an answer for the autopkgtests requirements and also, if possible, the warnings issue as recommended TODO

 14:45 <didrocks> (I don’t think we write the recommended TODOs for them just being fully ignored :p)

 14:45 <schopin> warnings are adressed in latest upload, still stuck in unapproved atm.

 14:45 <didrocks> oh, excellent!

 14:45 <schopin> I need to check a few things first before adressing the test case

 14:46 <didrocks> sounds good to me

 14:46 <didrocks> can we keep it as incomplete for libgit2 until this is done?

 14:46 <schopin> makes sense to me

 14:46 <didrocks> alright

 14:47 <didrocks> moving on to you sarnold :)

 14:47 <didrocks> #topic MIR related Security Review Queue

 14:47 <didrocks> Mission: Check on progress, do deadlines seem doable?

 14:47 <didrocks> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-security/+bugs?field.searchtext=%5BMIR%5D&assignee_option=choose&field.assignee=ubuntu-security&field.bug_reporter=&field.bug_commenter=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 14:47 <didrocks> Internal link

 14:47 <didrocks> - ensure your teams items are prioritized among each other as you'd expect

 14:47 <didrocks> - ensure community requests do not get stomped by teams calling for favors too much

 14:47 <didrocks> #link https://warthogs.atlassian.net/jira/software/c/projects/SEC/boards/594

 14:47 <didrocks> mic is yours :p

 14:48 <sarnold> it's a significantly smaller list than I expected :D much thanks to my team mates who have taken mirs this cycle; it's not down to zero, and probably can't get there in time for release, but I'm pretty happy with how things went

 14:48 <sarnold> I'm hopeful that upstream for editorconfig-core will come up with some small changes to not expose user input directly to pcre2 without too much troubl

 14:48 <didrocks> anything urgent/worth mentioning on the ones that will probably miss the deadline? (not blocking teams/deliverable for this cycle?)

 14:48 <sarnold> but whether they'll be able to come up with something in the very short time left before release seems unlikely :(

 14:49 <sarnold> nullboot and fdk-aac will probably not be started in time to make it for kinetic

 14:49 <didrocks> indeeed

 14:49 <didrocks> can you ensure that the MIR reporters are aware?

 14:49 <sarnold> good idea, will do

 14:49 <didrocks> excellent, thanks sarnold!

 14:49 <didrocks> #topic Any other business?

 14:49 <didrocks> (nothing for me)

 14:49 <sarnold> nothing here

 14:49 <joalif> nothing

 14:50 <didrocks> let’s get back those 10 minutes then, thanks everyone!

 14:50 <didrocks> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)