== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team meeting, started by sil2100, 24 Nov at 16:03 &mdash; 16:27 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2022/ubuntu-meeting.2022-11-24-16.03.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

 * ''LINK:'' https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/foundations-team-updates-thursday-24-november-2022/32439   (sil2100, 16:04)

=== Release incoming bugs ===

Discussion started by sil2100 at 16:06.

 * ''LINK:'' https://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ll-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs   (sil2100, 16:07)
 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/ubiquity/+bug/1396379   (sil2100, 16:07)
 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/ubuntu-release-upgrader/+bug/1982791   (sil2100, 16:11)
 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/linux-raspi/+bug/1993120   (sil2100, 16:15)
 * ''LINK:'' https://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-kk-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs   (sil2100, 16:17)
 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/apport/+bug/1842439   (sil2100, 16:18)
 * ''LINK:'' https://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-jj-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs   (sil2100, 16:19)
 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/ubuntu-drivers-common/+bug/1965094   (sil2100, 16:20)
 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/fonts-dejavu/+bug/1992369   (sil2100, 16:21)
 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/update-manager/+bug/1991533   (sil2100, 16:22)

=== AOB ===

Discussion started by sil2100 at 16:26.




== People present (lines said) ==

 * sil2100 (42)
 * juliank (3)
 * meetingology (2)
 * bdrung (1)
 * slyon (1)
 * schopin (1)



== Full log ==


 16:03 <sil2100> #startmeeting Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team

 16:03 <meetingology> Meeting started at 16:03:24 UTC.  The chair is sil2100.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 16:03 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 16:03 <sil2100> The weekly status is here:

 16:04 <sil2100> #link https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/foundations-team-updates-thursday-24-november-2022/32439

 16:04 <sil2100> Let's spend a moment to read status

 16:06 <sil2100> #topic Release incoming bugs

 16:07 <sil2100> #link https://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ll-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 16:07 <sil2100> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/ubiquity/+bug/1396379

 16:09 <sil2100> I think this might be only related to ubiquity, so I don't think we'll be looking into that

 16:11 <sil2100> Ok, assigned it to juliank

 16:11 <sil2100> Since there's an MP we might be able to just merge and get it fixed

 16:11 <sil2100> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/ubuntu-release-upgrader/+bug/1982791

 16:13 <sil2100> Ok, subscribed foundations-bugs to it

 16:15 <sil2100> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/linux-raspi/+bug/1993120

 16:16 <juliank> this is a kernel bug afaict

 16:16 <sil2100> This seems like fixed already in the kernel

 16:16 <sil2100> Is there anything to do from the gcc-12 POV?

 16:16 <sil2100> Doesn't feel like it

 16:16 <juliank> Put that in a comment and let's revisit next week

 16:17 <sil2100> Done!

 16:17 <sil2100> #link https://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-kk-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 16:18 <sil2100> There's one

 16:18 <sil2100> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/apport/+bug/1842439

 16:18 <sil2100> Guess that's in progress, right?

 16:18 <bdrung> the desktop team looked at it during the engineering sprint

 16:19 <sil2100> Okay, let's leave it in their hands, as people mentioned it's more of an gtk issue

 16:19 <sil2100> #link https://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-jj-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 16:20 <sil2100> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/ubuntu-drivers-common/+bug/1965094

 16:20 <sil2100> Okay, this seems more of a ubuntu-drivers-common thing, so it's on Alberto's plate?

 16:20 <sil2100> I'd just leave it for him to follow up

 16:21 <slyon> yes, Alberto is assigned to the bug

 16:21 <sil2100> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/fonts-dejavu/+bug/1992369

 16:22 <sil2100> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/update-manager/+bug/1991533

 16:23 <sil2100> Someone needs to review those

 16:23 <sil2100> So I think it's on bdmurray's plate to take a look at the SRU MPs

 16:23 <sil2100> I'll assign him to those

 16:25 <sil2100> Ok, let's stop here

 16:25 <sil2100> Normally we're looking at proposed-migration

 16:25 <sil2100> But uh, I think we're still not in the state to look at that

 16:25 <sil2100> So SKIP!

 16:25 <sil2100> Let's leave it up to the +1 maintenance people ;p

 16:26 <sil2100> #topic AOB

 16:26 <sil2100> Some people are off on Friday, but I think most are back next week

 16:26 <sil2100> Any other business? Are we good?

 16:27 <schopin> I'm off next Monday

 16:27 <sil2100> o/

 16:27 <sil2100> Okay, thank you everyone!

 16:27 <juliank> I'm back tuesday

 16:27 <sil2100> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)