== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status meeting, started by cpaelzer, 29 Nov at 15:30 &mdash; 15:52 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2022/ubuntu-meeting.2022-11-29-15.30.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== current component mismatches ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 15:30.

 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg   (cpaelzer, 15:30)
 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg   (cpaelzer, 15:31)
 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/germinate-output/ubuntu.jammy/rdepends/glm/libglm-dev   (cpaelzer, 15:35)
 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/germinate-output/ubuntu.lunar/all+extra   (cpaelzer, 15:36)
 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/germinate-output/ubuntu.jammy/rdepends/mir/libmirserver-dev   (cpaelzer, 15:37)

=== New MIRs ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 15:41.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=NEW&field.status%3Alist=CONFIRMED&assignee_option=none&field.assignee=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (cpaelzer, 15:41)
 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/libcamera/+bug/1997560 and https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/liblc3/+bug/1997578 are up for grab  (cpaelzer, 15:42)

=== Incomplete bugs / questions ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 15:43.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (cpaelzer, 15:43)

=== MIR related Security Review Queue ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 15:46.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-security/+bugs?field.searchtext=%5BMIR%5D&assignee_option=choose&field.assignee=ubuntu-security&field.bug_reporter=&field.bug_commenter=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (cpaelzer, 15:46)
 * ''LINK:'' https://warthogs.atlassian.net/jira/software/c/projects/SEC/boards/594   (cpaelzer, 15:46)

=== Any other business? ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 15:51.




== People present (lines said) ==

 * cpaelzer (102)
 * sarnold (23)
 * didrocks (18)
 * slyon (16)
 * joalif (4)
 * bittin- (4)
 * bG9s (3)
 * meetingology (2)



== Full log ==


 15:30 <cpaelzer> #startmeeting Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status

 15:30 <meetingology> Meeting started at 15:30:21 UTC.  The chair is cpaelzer.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 15:30 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 15:30 <cpaelzer> Ping for MIR meeting - didrocks joalif slyon sarnold cpaelzer jamespage

 15:30 <cpaelzer> hello party people

 15:30 <cpaelzer> I've seen several bug updates by most o fyou

 15:30 <cpaelzer> so I hope a lot of things have moved forward

 15:30 <cpaelzer> let us have a look

 15:30 <cpaelzer> #topic current component mismatches

 15:30 <cpaelzer> Mission: Identify required actions and spread the load among the teams

 15:30 <cpaelzer> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg

 15:31 <cpaelzer> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg

 15:31 <slyon> o/

 15:31 <cpaelzer> slyon: added a false positive on the perl case

 15:31 <slyon> ack

 15:31 <cpaelzer> postgresql-15 needs to be promoted

 15:31 <joalif> o/

 15:31 <didrocks> o/

 15:32 <cpaelzer> slyon: I've seen you filed a bug for libnvme

 15:32 <cpaelzer> slyon: is there one coming for libhugetlbfs too?

 15:32 <cpaelzer> slyon: or will that dependency be cut

 15:32 <slyon> cpaelzer: I will probably just cut it. It's optional

 15:32 <slyon> and the other one is a code-split

 15:32 <cpaelzer> ok, leaving that to foundations then

 15:32 <slyon> I feel like we can just promote libnvme, can we?

 15:32 <cpaelzer> glm -> highlight.js

 15:32 <slyon> as the code as lived in nvme-cli before, which is in main

 15:32 <cpaelzer> IIRC didrocks wanted to talk/look after that - is that right - if so what is the outcome?

 15:33 <cpaelzer> slyon: as if you have that reasonably outlined in the case we used to give those cases a fast path

 15:33 <sarnold> slyon: when I saw some discussion of libnvme split I had a similar thought that we could probably add it without too much trouble; but giving the packaging a glance might still justify the checklist?

 15:33 <cpaelzer> slyon: is the case ready enough for that?

 15:33 <slyon> cpaelzer: right, I tried to collect some evidence about that in the corresponding bug report

 15:33 <slyon> should be

 15:34 <didrocks> on glm, I got in touche with the Mir team

 15:34 <didrocks> touch*

 15:34 <didrocks> so, basically, it seems the best course of action is to drop libglm-doc to universe

 15:34 <didrocks> I asked a finale ACK from the Mir team on Monday

 15:34 <cpaelzer> slyon: I'll give it (libnvme) a safety review and if ok promote it

 15:34 <didrocks> didn’t get any feedback yet before proceeding

 15:34 <slyon> cpaelzer: thx

 15:34 <sarnold> re glm -> highlight.js I have to ask if glm should be demoted, instead; I don't see why it's in main

 15:35 <cpaelzer> I'll also promote postgres-15 on the same term (just new version of the same)

 15:35 <cpaelzer> didrocks: sarnold: glm reason to be in main ... hmm, who sees it first

 15:35 <cpaelzer> https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/germinate-output/ubuntu.jammy/rdepends/glm/libglm-dev

 15:36 <didrocks> yes, so basically build deps from what I saw

 15:36 <sarnold> $ apt-rdepends -br libdlm-dev

 15:36 <sarnold> E: Reverse build-dependencies are not supported

 15:36 <cpaelzer> https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/germinate-output/ubuntu.lunar/all+extra

 15:36 <didrocks> this probably comes from a time where build-deps were required to be in Main

 15:36 <cpaelzer> libmirserver-dev

 15:36 <sarnold> hah you're all about 40 seconds ahead of me today :)

 15:37 <cpaelzer> https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/germinate-output/ubuntu.jammy/rdepends/mir/libmirserver-dev

 15:37 <cpaelzer> libmirserver-dev                                            | mir                                            | Rescued from mir

 15:37 <didrocks> and mirtest-dev is in main withut dep

 15:37 <cpaelzer> TL;DR it needs an extra exclude

 15:37 <didrocks> so I can propose them to demote libmirserver-dev

 15:37 <cpaelzer> yes

 15:38 <cpaelzer> with an extra exclude it should become a demotion

 15:38 <cpaelzer> as it isn't dependet, but only rescued

 15:38 <cpaelzer> once in place, demotion will resolve the current mismatch

 15:38 <didrocks> will track that

 15:38 <cpaelzer> awesome

 15:38 <sarnold> cool, thanks :)

 15:38 <cpaelzer> policykit -> duktape

 15:38 <cpaelzer> seems jbicha filed a stub MIR for this

 15:39 <cpaelzer> has that been looked into in depth yet?

 15:39 <sarnold> any bets if this will lead to "oh we don't need mirtest-dev anyway, drop it"? :)

 15:39 <cpaelzer> or can we ignore it until the stub becomes real?

 15:39 <cpaelzer> sarnold: I'm betting with, but not against that

 15:39 <didrocks> I propose that we wait for the proper MIR to be filed (or not)

 15:39 <cpaelzer> WFM

 15:39 <slyon> ack

 15:39 <didrocks> so that it’s analyzed properly

 15:39 <sarnold> there's some conversation on duktape on https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/policykit-1/+bug/1972654

 15:40 * bittin- is here now (got a phonecall just before the meeting)

 15:40 <cpaelzer> interesting

 15:41 <cpaelzer> but I'd still wait for the owning team to fill all details (and even more important intention) into a the MIR bug

 15:41 <didrocks> agreed

 15:41 <cpaelzer> thats it on current mismatches ...

 15:41 <cpaelzer> next

 15:41 <sarnold> jbicha: fyi ^^  :)

 15:41 <cpaelzer> #topic New MIRs

 15:41 <cpaelzer> Mission: ensure to assign all incoming reviews for fast processing

 15:41 <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=NEW&field.status%3Alist=CONFIRMED&assignee_option=none&field.assignee=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 15:41 <cpaelzer> libnvme we assigned to me above

 15:41 <cpaelzer> marking it that way ...

 15:42 <cpaelzer> would others volunteer for the remaining two?

 15:42 <joalif> i can have one

 15:42 <slyon> me too

 15:42 <cpaelzer> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/libcamera/+bug/1997560 and https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/liblc3/+bug/1997578 are up for grab

 15:42 <didrocks> I just have 3 remaining work days before my EOY holidays. So, I can take one, but I don’t commit before EOY

 15:42 <slyon> i take libcamera

 15:42 <cpaelzer> ok

 15:42 <sarnold> didrocks: nice :)

 15:43 <bittin-> liblc3 for joalif or didrocks then? :p

 15:43 <cpaelzer> both assigned

 15:43 <joalif> i'll take the other

 15:43 <didrocks> \o/ thanks joalif

 15:43 <cpaelzer> didrocks: enjoy the free time

 15:43 <cpaelzer> #topic Incomplete bugs / questions

 15:43 <cpaelzer> Mission: Identify required actions and spread the load among the teams

 15:43 <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 15:43 <didrocks> "free" as an entire month to get into 3 days is "fun" :p

 15:43 <cpaelzer> hehe

 15:44 <cpaelzer> didrocks: will deliver the mythical man month

 15:44 <sarnold> :(

 15:44 <didrocks> ofc, so easy :p

 15:44 <cpaelzer> a bunch of PCS related updates

 15:44 <cpaelzer> we subscribed to all packages

 15:44 <cpaelzer> and we have resolved all open issues

 15:44 <sarnold> nice

 15:45 <cpaelzer> so we "only" wait for security review on a bunch of them now

 15:45 <cpaelzer> looking to sarnold for an ETA statement in the latter section

 15:45 <cpaelzer> kanashiro[m]: and I will double check if all former required todo's are resolved - but it looked good so far

 15:45 <cpaelzer> all other updates are older than a week

 15:46 <cpaelzer> going on to the security status ...

 15:46 <cpaelzer> #topic MIR related Security Review Queue

 15:46 <cpaelzer> Mission: Check on progress, do deadlines seem doable?

 15:46 <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-security/+bugs?field.searchtext=%5BMIR%5D&assignee_option=choose&field.assignee=ubuntu-security&field.bug_reporter=&field.bug_commenter=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 15:46 <cpaelzer> Internal link

 15:46 <cpaelzer> - ensure your teams items are prioritized among each other as you'd expect

 15:46 <cpaelzer> - ensure community requests do not get stomped by teams calling for favors too much

 15:46 <cpaelzer> #link https://warthogs.atlassian.net/jira/software/c/projects/SEC/boards/594

 15:46 <cpaelzer> sarnold: I've bumped the priority onth e PCS cases up - as others might need time after promotion

 15:47 <sarnold> unfortunately I'm still just a blur on where we're at -- I don't believe anything was done while I was out, and since we've all got end of year vacation to use, light availability

 15:47 <cpaelzer> the question for this and other things in the queue is - will this work out

 15:47 <cpaelzer> or do you need me to escalate things again?

 15:48 <sarnold> cpaelzer: thanks for bumping the priorities as needed; I don't think we need to panic yet, we'll be back to full in january, assuming we can remember our passwords :)

 15:48 <cpaelzer> sarnold: the jira list seems incomplete

 15:48 <cpaelzer> sarnold: for example https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/mosh/+bug/1997106 is missing

 15:48 <slyon> I just finished this earlier today.

 15:48 <slyon> not sure if the jira list is automatic?

 15:48 <cpaelzer> oh so it might be in his inbox

 15:48 <sarnold> it is not :(

 15:49 <cpaelzer> but TL;DR just let us be clear there are 17 review waiting

 15:49 <cpaelzer> and feature freeze is mid february

 15:49 <cpaelzer> assuming EOY will not work out

 15:49 <cpaelzer> that means 6 weeks 17 cases

 15:49 <cpaelzer> that is 3 per week

 15:49 <cpaelzer> just to put expectations on load in the right perspective

 15:49 <sarnold> zounds

 15:50 <cpaelzer> which is why I brought it up

 15:50 <cpaelzer> I'm happy to rely on you sarnold, but you should not need to rely on yourself alone

 15:50 <cpaelzer> sarnold: so please reach out to have a few review buddies once 2023 starts

 15:50 <cpaelzer> ok?

 15:50 <sarnold> cpaelzer: thanks :)

 15:50 <sarnold> february feels *so* close..

 15:50 <cpaelzer> yep

 15:51 <bG9s> in particular that's when the snow might hit more

 15:51 <cpaelzer> hence I provide pressure now to feel less like a late surprise

 15:51 <bG9s> exciting

 15:51 <cpaelzer> hehe

 15:51 <cpaelzer> ok, going on

 15:51 <sarnold> brr :)

 15:51 <cpaelzer> #topic Any other business?

 15:51 <cpaelzer> nothing special from me

 15:51 <bittin-> February is when first real life FOSDEM is in years :)

 15:51 <bittin-> nothing from me

 15:51 <slyon> noting

 15:51 <joalif> nothing

 15:51 <bG9s> ehm, nothing

 15:52 <sarnold> just a heads up that I've only got ~two weeks or somethingt before eoy holidays, hehe

 15:52 <sarnold> that's it from me

 15:52 <cpaelzer> sarnold: ok enough for 6 reviews at the expected rate then

 15:52 <cpaelzer> \o/

 15:52 <sarnold> :D

 15:52 <cpaelzer> closing it fast calling that a committment

 15:52 <cpaelzer> ok then, I call it done for today

 15:52 <cpaelzer> thank you all

 15:52 <sarnold> thanks cpaelzer, all :)

 15:52 <slyon> thanks cpaelzer, all!

 15:52 <cpaelzer> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)