== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting meeting, started by vorlon, 16 Aug at 19:10 &mdash; 19:37 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2022/ubuntu-meeting.2022-08-16-19.10.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== Action review ===

Discussion started by vorlon at 19:10.

 * ''ACTION:'' (everyone) review the Ubuntu Backports Team Charter for ratification  (vorlon, 19:12)
 * ''ACTION:'' rbasak to finalize third-party seeded snap security policy  (vorlon, 19:16)
 * ''ACTION:'' vorlon to circle around with store, snapcraft, et all, and revise the snap source revision policy to be more clear with regards to rebuildability and GPL compliance.  (vorlon, 19:18)
 * ''ACTION:'' sil2100 to start a draft summarizing the OEM archive portion of the meeting which x-nox and TB will review, edit, and ratify before we move on to figuring out the next step  (vorlon, 19:18)
 * ''ACTION:'' rbasak to draft a proposal of the DMB-proposed inactivity expiration policy for TB ratification  (vorlon, 19:19)
 * ''ACTION:'' cyphermox to re-ping the CC regarding the TB nominations and election  (vorlon, 19:22)

=== Definition of our third party repository policy. See https://docs.google.com/document/d/1apUKR4gtOrfPGCWmtoebaQUhoy-fG8Cyo3VKJyhnpD0/edit ===

Discussion started by vorlon at 19:22.


=== Scan the mailing list archive for anything we missed (standing item) ===

Discussion started by vorlon at 19:23.

 * ''LINK:'' https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/technical-board/2022-July/002648.html   (vorlon, 19:24)
 * ''LINK:'' https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/technical-board/2022-August/002661.html   (vorlon, 19:29)

=== Check up on community bugs (standing item) ===

Discussion started by vorlon at 19:32.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu-community/+bugs?field.assignee=techboard is empty  (vorlon, 19:32)

=== Select a chair for the next meeting (next from https://launchpad.net/~techboard/+members) ===

Discussion started by vorlon at 19:33.

 * ''AGREED:'' next chair: sil2100, backup: cyphermox_  (vorlon, 19:34)

=== AOB ===

Discussion started by vorlon at 19:34.




== Action items, by person ==

 * rbasak
  * rbasak to finalize third-party seeded snap security policy
  * rbasak to draft a proposal of the DMB-proposed inactivity expiration policy for TB ratification
 * vorlon
  * vorlon to circle around with store, snapcraft, et all, and revise the snap source revision policy to be more clear with regards to rebuildability and GPL compliance.
 * **UNASSIGNED**
  * (everyone) review the Ubuntu Backports Team Charter for ratification
  * sil2100 to start a draft summarizing the OEM archive portion of the meeting which x-nox and TB will review, edit, and ratify before we move on to figuring out the next step
  * cyphermox to re-ping the CC regarding the TB nominations and election



== People present (lines said) ==

 * vorlon (61)
 * rbasak (24)
 * meetingology (9)
 * cyphermox_ (8)
 * Fallen (5)



== Full log ==


 19:10 <vorlon> #startmeeting

 19:10 <meetingology> Meeting started at 19:10:23 UTC.  The chair is vorlon.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 19:10 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 19:10 <vorlon> #topic Action review

 19:11 * vorlon (everyone) review the Ubuntu Backports Team Charter for ratification

 19:11 <rbasak> Still pending I think.

 19:12 <vorlon> I recently stumbled across this in one of my browser tabs; I guess this is still a current action we need to follow through on, so carry-over

 19:12 * vorlon (everyone) formal ratification of third party seeded snap security policy (finalize wording on the Google Doc)

 19:12 <vorlon> rbasak: is that an accurate current action, I think we were waiting for you to finalize drafting?

 19:12 <vorlon> #action (everyone) review the Ubuntu Backports Team Charter for ratification

 19:12 * meetingology (everyone) review the Ubuntu Backports Team Charter for ratification

 19:14 <rbasak> I did have a draft that I proposed quite a long time ago to the ubuntu-backports@ list, but haven't really had a response.

 19:14 <rbasak> I'll need to take it up with the backporters team to find a solution.

 19:15 <vorlon> rbasak: sorry, I was asking about the snap security policy ratification

 19:15 <rbasak> Oh. Right. I'm still working on that. I have been making some progress in the doc.

 19:15 <vorlon> should I replace this action with one for you?

 19:15 <rbasak> Sure

 19:15 <rbasak> Assuming everyone is happy with the rest of the doc?

 19:16 <vorlon> #action rbasak to finalize third-party seeded snap security policy

 19:16 * meetingology rbasak to finalize third-party seeded snap security policy

 19:16 <rbasak> I'm working on analysing/assessing/speaking to stakeholders of existing snaps

 19:16 <vorlon> I was happy with the doc last I looked :) cyphermox_ had you reviewed it recently?

 19:16 <cyphermox_> Yes, I was happy with it as well

 19:17 <vorlon> excellent

 19:17 * vorlon vorlon to circle around with store, snapcraft, et all, and revise the snap source revision policy to be more clear with regards to rebuildability and GPL compliance. (rbasak, 19:06)

 19:18 <vorlon> I've been postponing this until the draft is finalized because I think it will be subsumed; I'll carry over

 19:18 <vorlon> #action vorlon to circle around with store, snapcraft, et all, and revise the snap source revision policy to be more clear with regards to rebuildability and GPL compliance.

 19:18 * meetingology vorlon to circle around with store, snapcraft, et all, and revise the snap source revision policy to be more clear with regards to rebuildability and GPL compliance.

 19:18 * vorlon sil2100 to start a draft summarizing the OEM archive portion of the meeting which x-nox and TB will review, edit, and ratify before we move on to figuring out the next step

 19:18 <vorlon> sil2100 not here so carrying over

 19:18 <vorlon> #action sil2100 to start a draft summarizing the OEM archive portion of the meeting which x-nox and TB will review, edit, and ratify before we move on to figuring out the next step

 19:18 * meetingology sil2100 to start a draft summarizing the OEM archive portion of the meeting which x-nox and TB will review, edit, and ratify before we move on to figuring out the next step

 19:18 * vorlon rbasak to draft a proposal of the DMB-proposed inactivity expiration policy for TB ratification

 19:18 <vorlon> rbasak: still current?

 19:19 <rbasak> Yes that's on me still

 19:19 <vorlon> #action rbasak to draft a proposal of the DMB-proposed inactivity expiration policy for TB ratification

 19:19 * meetingology rbasak to draft a proposal of the DMB-proposed inactivity expiration policy for TB ratification

 19:19 * vorlon cyphermox to follow up with the CC regarding the TB nominations and election

 19:19 <vorlon> cyphermox: ?

 19:21 <vorlon> cyphermox: are you still on point for talking to the CC about TB elections?

 19:21 <cyphermox_> Yes

 19:21 <cyphermox_> I had, but I guess we'll need to contact again

 19:22 <vorlon> ok

 19:22 <vorlon> #action cyphermox to re-ping the CC regarding the TB nominations and election

 19:22 * meetingology cyphermox to re-ping the CC regarding the TB nominations and election

 19:22 <vorlon> that's it for previous actions

 19:22 <vorlon> #topic Definition of our third party repository policy. See https://docs.google.com/document/d/1apUKR4gtOrfPGCWmtoebaQUhoy-fG8Cyo3VKJyhnpD0/edit

 19:23 <vorlon> that's on the agenda, but is covered by the previous carry-over action for rbasak

 19:23 <vorlon> so I don't think we need to discuss this?

 19:23 <rbasak> Yeah it's the same item

 19:23 <vorlon> #topic Scan the mailing list archive for anything we missed (standing item)

 19:24 <rbasak> "New Official Flavor Process Issues"

 19:24 <rbasak> I think this is on me from the last meeting, and I've been working on this.

 19:24 <vorlon> #link https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/technical-board/2022-July/002648.html

 19:24 <vorlon> I see you just shared a google doc with me, thanks for that

 19:24 <rbasak> I've shared a draft with the TB and Release Team admins (vorlon and sil2100)

 19:25 <rbasak> Also for ItzSwirlz and Eickmeyer

 19:25 <vorlon> I'd welcome it being shared with other members of the release team if you think it's far enough along to do so, more eyes -> shallow bugs etc

 19:26 <rbasak> (I need a Google account address for Eickmeyer)

 19:26 <vorlon> (to make me less of a bottleneck)

 19:26 <rbasak> Sure - I just need the addresses. The Canonical members I can find.

 19:26 <rbasak> Any other release team members interested, please give me addresses.

 19:27 <vorlon> currently all active release team members are Canonical employees, unfortunately :/

 19:27 <vorlon> (tumbleweed dips in and out occasionally)

 19:27 <rbasak> Not laney

 19:27 <vorlon> he's a member of the launchpad team but not active so I don't think it's worth chasing him on this

 19:27 <rbasak> Oh, "active"

 19:28 <rbasak> But I don't have a list of active members

 19:28 <vorlon> right, I'm saying if you grab the canonical folks on there it's close enough

 19:28 <rbasak> I've just added everyone I have addresses for as it's not up to me to say who is active and who isn't.

 19:29 <vorlon> thanks

 19:29 <vorlon> #link https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/technical-board/2022-August/002661.html

 19:29 <vorlon> there's also this, which is an invitation for TB members to go to Prague in November

 19:29 <vorlon> I will be in Prague the week prior, but not able to stick around for the Ubuntu Summit

 19:29 <rbasak> I will be there.

 19:30 <vorlon> rbasak: for the summit?

 19:30 <rbasak> I believe sil2100 will also be there.

 19:30 <rbasak> Yes

 19:30 <vorlon> ah, nice

 19:30 <vorlon> cyphermox: do you want to go? :)

 19:30 <vorlon> anyway we don't have to settle that here

 19:30 <cyphermox_> Yeah i think so

 19:31 <vorlon> cyphermox_: nice! I guess you will follow up with Mauro then?

 19:31 <cyphermox_> I'll need to look into it

 19:31 <cyphermox_> Yes I will

 19:31 <vorlon> \o/

 19:31 <Fallen> fwiw from earlier, I had reached out to the CC as well on various elections coming up, I will reping them as well.

 19:32 <vorlon> Fallen: excellent, thank you (and hello!)

 19:32 <cyphermox_> Cool

 19:32 <Fallen> o/

 19:32 <vorlon> #topic Check up on community bugs (standing item)

 19:32 <vorlon> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu-community/+bugs?field.assignee=techboard is empty

 19:33 <vorlon> #topic Select a chair for the next meeting (next from https://launchpad.net/~techboard/+members)

 19:33 <vorlon> that looks to be sil2100, with cyphermox_ as backup

 19:34 <cyphermox_> Sounds good to me and I shall have my IRC solider before then

 19:34 <vorlon> #agreed next chair: sil2100, backup: cyphermox_

 19:34 <meetingology> AGREED: next chair: sil2100, backup: cyphermox_

 19:34 <vorlon> #topic AOB

 19:34 <vorlon> teh one thing I thought might be AOB was actually covered wrt the mailing list review

 19:35 <rbasak> Great. Thanks for chairing!

 19:35 <vorlon> we do have Fallen here who is Canonical's new manager of the Community Team

 19:35 <vorlon> not sure if he has anything he wants to ask us today, as he was looking to connect :)

 19:36 <Fallen> I've gone through my notes and I think I have a good start to get things rolling. I do have a few things I could chat about

 19:37 <vorlon> we can probably adjourn the meeting and stick around to chat?

 19:37 <Fallen> My first question might be answered, I was wondering how the TB tracks their larger projects - does this happen via the LP link in ubuntu-community?

 19:37 <Fallen> Sure!

 19:37 <vorlon> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)