== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status meeting, started by cpaelzer, 01 Mar at 15:35 &mdash; 15:46 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2022/ubuntu-meeting.2022-03-01-15.35.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== current component mismatches ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 15:37.

 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg   (cpaelzer, 15:37)
 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg   (cpaelzer, 15:37)

=== New MIRs ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 15:40.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=NEW&field.status%3Alist=CONFIRMED&assignee_option=none&field.assignee=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (cpaelzer, 15:40)

=== Incomplete bugs / questions ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 15:40.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (cpaelzer, 15:40)
 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-security/+bugs?field.searchtext=%5BMIR%5D&assignee_option=choose&field.assignee=ubuntu-security&field.bug_reporter=&field.bug_commenter=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (cpaelzer, 15:41)

=== Any other business? ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 15:42.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/python-cheroot/+bug/1930111   (sarnold, 15:43)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * cpaelzer (45)
 * sarnold (8)
 * Trevinho (3)
 * meetingology (2)
 * slyon (1)
 * didrocks (1)
 * ubottu (1)



== Full log ==


 15:35 <cpaelzer> #startmeeting Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status

 15:35 <meetingology> Meeting started at 15:35:46 UTC.  The chair is cpaelzer.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 15:35 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 15:35 <cpaelzer> Hello

 15:35 <cpaelzer> today it will be a slightly special meeting

 15:36 <cpaelzer> about 2/3 of us are at the sprint and trying to gather and discuss here

 15:36 <cpaelzer> so we'll use it here to ensuer sarnold and joalif are not left behind

 15:36 <cpaelzer> while not at the sprint, you are in our heart

 15:37 <cpaelzer> #topic current component mismatches

 15:37 <cpaelzer> Mission: Identify required actions and spread the load among the teams

 15:37 <cpaelzer> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg

 15:37 <cpaelzer> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg

 15:37 <cpaelzer> the lintian explosion is knowkn

 15:37 <cpaelzer> known

 15:37 <sarnold> aww <3 :)

 15:37 <cpaelzer> an unknown thing is gjs -> mozjs91

 15:38 <cpaelzer> it is on Desktop in general

 15:38 <Trevinho> cpaelzer: what's unknown?

 15:38 <cpaelzer> Trevinho: on gjs you mean?

 15:38 <Trevinho> yeah

 15:38 <cpaelzer> why it is showing up in component mismatches

 15:39 <sarnold> libqmi -> libqrtr-glib and gnome-shell -> libadwaita-1 both feel new to me, also

 15:40 <cpaelzer> didrocks: will take care of those two

 15:40 <cpaelzer> slyon: look after gjs

 15:40 <cpaelzer> #topic New MIRs

 15:40 <cpaelzer> Mission: ensure to assign all incoming reviews for fast processing

 15:40 <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=NEW&field.status%3Alist=CONFIRMED&assignee_option=none&field.assignee=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 15:40 <cpaelzer> empty

 15:40 <cpaelzer> \o/

 15:40 <cpaelzer> #topic Incomplete bugs / questions

 15:40 <Trevinho> libadwaita is indeed new, mozjs91 is just an updated versions of what we had in mozjs78, like a firefox-78 -> firefox-91 update...

 15:40 <cpaelzer> Mission: Identify required actions and spread the load among the teams

 15:40 <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 15:41 <cpaelzer> schopin: is here, well talk about rustc/cargo in-place after this (sorry to everyone else)

 15:41 <cpaelzer> all others are older

 15:41 <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-security/+bugs?field.searchtext=%5BMIR%5D&assignee_option=choose&field.assignee=ubuntu-security&field.bug_reporter=&field.bug_commenter=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 15:41 <cpaelzer> this is the one reason I didn't just skip this weeks meeting

 15:41 <cpaelzer> bug thanks, like THANKS to security!

 15:41 <sarnold> :D

 15:42 <cpaelzer> plenty of cases reviewed unblocking most of jammy that we needed

 15:42 <slyon> \o/

 15:42 <cpaelzer> oh well

 15:42 <cpaelzer> big thanks

 15:42 <cpaelzer> not bug thanks :-)

 15:42 <didrocks> thanks sarnold and team!

 15:42 <cpaelzer> AFAICS three more to go for the remaining 22.04 material

 15:42 <cpaelzer> and down the road we'll hope to not force you into that again

 15:42 <cpaelzer> #topic Any other business?

 15:42 <cpaelzer> I want to be honest, nothing here - and we'd like to use the remaining time for a talk here

 15:43 <cpaelzer> so sarnold / joalif - anthing in home-world that shall be addresed?

 15:43 <sarnold> python-cheroot is (last I knew) still blocked on input

 15:43 <sarnold> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/python-cheroot/+bug/1930111

 15:43 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1930111 in cherrypy3 (Ubuntu) "[MIR] new dependencies of cherrypy3: jaraco.collections, jaraco.classes, jaraco.text, python-cheroot, python-jaraco.functools, python-tempora, python-portend, zc.lockfile" [Undecided, In Progress]

 15:45 <sarnold> oh yes, and if the sprinters run into my team mates iconstantin and sespiros, please say hello to them for me :) hehe

 15:45 <cpaelzer> we will sarnold

 15:45 <cpaelzer> for cheroot, jamespage will take a look, but he might need a clone for that

 15:45 <sarnold> if he gets a clone can I get a clone?

 15:45 <cpaelzer> thanks, closing this then (sorry for hte rush today)

 15:45 <cpaelzer> yes

 15:46 <sarnold> thanks cpaelzer, all :) everyone have a doener and eis for me..

 15:46 <cpaelzer> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)