== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Developer Membership Board meeting, started by utkarsh2102, 12 Dec at 16:02 &mdash; 16:18 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2022/ubuntu-meeting.2022-12-12-16.02.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== Next Meeting ===

Discussion started by utkarsh2102 at 16:02.

 * ''VOTE:'' skip next meeting (scheduled as of 26th Dec 2022) (Carried)  (utkarsh2102, 16:08)
 * ''ACTION:'' sil2100 to send an announcement for the same  (utkarsh2102, 16:08)
 * ''ACTION:'' sil2100 to update the agenda as well  (utkarsh2102, 16:09)
 * ''ACTION:'' sil2100 to add 2023 meeting dates in the agenda whilst at it  (utkarsh2102, 16:10)

=== AOB ===

Discussion started by utkarsh2102 at 16:11.




== Vote results ==

 * [[https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2022/ubuntu-meeting.2022-12-12-16.02.log.html#14|skip next meeting (scheduled as of 26th Dec 2022)]]
  * Motion carried (For: 5, Against: 0, Abstained: 0)
   * Voters: utkarsh2102, kanashiro[m], rbasak, sil2100, bdmurray



== Action items, by person ==

 * sil2100
  * sil2100 to send an announcement for the same
  * sil2100 to update the agenda as well
  * sil2100 to add 2023 meeting dates in the agenda whilst at it



== People present (lines said) ==

 * utkarsh2102 (31)
 * rbasak (16)
 * meetingology (15)
 * sil2100 (7)
 * bdmurray (3)
 * kanashiro[m] (2)



== Full log ==


 16:02 <utkarsh2102> #startmeeting Developer Membership Board

 16:02 <meetingology> Meeting started at 16:02:14 UTC.  The chair is utkarsh2102.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 16:02 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 16:02 <utkarsh2102> #topic Next Meeting

 16:03 <utkarsh2102> since there are no candidates or anything in the agenda yet, should we call it off?

 16:03 <sil2100> I guess we have no one assigned for the meeting in 2 weeks as well, right?

 16:03 <utkarsh2102> the next meeting is supposed to happen on 26th Dec

 16:03 <rbasak> I think we should cancel that meeting

 16:04 <sil2100> For me at least it's quite possible I'll forget and might miss it, so I'd be +1 on skipping. But we should send out an e-mail to ubuntu-devel@ so that people don't sign up for that meeting

 16:04 <utkarsh2102> should we formally vote? or is there mutual consent on this already?

 16:04 <kanashiro[m]> +1

 16:04 <rbasak> Up to the chair :)

 16:04 <bdmurray> +1

 16:05 <utkarsh2102> #vote skip next meeting (scheduled as of 26th Dec 2022)

 16:05 <meetingology> Please vote on: skip next meeting (scheduled as of 26th Dec 2022)

 16:05 <meetingology> Public votes can be registered by saying +1, -1 or +0 in channel (for private voting, private message me with 'vote +1|-1|+0 #channelname')

 16:05 <utkarsh2102> +1

 16:05 <meetingology> +1 received from utkarsh2102

 16:05 <kanashiro[m]> +1 again :)

 16:05 <meetingology> +1 again :) received from kanashiro[m]

 16:06 <rbasak> +1

 16:06 <meetingology> +1 received from rbasak

 16:06 <sil2100> +1

 16:06 <meetingology> +1 received from sil2100

 16:07 <sil2100> I can take the action item to sending out an e-mail about it, if anything

 16:07 <rbasak> I think the main thing is to edit the wiki with the list of meeting dates please

 16:07 <rbasak> Also, if you don't mind filling out the dates for 2023?

 16:08 <rbasak> Just following the pattern. Please don't change the meeting "phase" :)

 16:08 <utkarsh2102> waiting for bdmurray's vote :)

 16:08 <bdmurray> +1

 16:08 <meetingology> +1 received from bdmurray

 16:08 <utkarsh2102> awesome

 16:08 <utkarsh2102> teward and seb128 seem to be away, so..

 16:08 <utkarsh2102> #endvote

 16:08 <meetingology> Voting ended on: skip next meeting (scheduled as of 26th Dec 2022)

 16:08 <meetingology> Votes for: 5, Votes against: 0, Abstentions: 0

 16:08 <meetingology> Motion carried

 16:08 <utkarsh2102> #action sil2100 to send an announcement for the same

 16:08 * meetingology sil2100 to send an announcement for the same

 16:09 <sil2100> I'll update the Agenda as well

 16:09 <rbasak> Thanks!

 16:09 <utkarsh2102> #action sil2100 to update the agenda as well

 16:09 * meetingology sil2100 to update the agenda as well

 16:09 <utkarsh2102> sil2100: would you also add the 2023 dates?

 16:10 <sil2100> Yeah, I can do that while modifying the Agenda

 16:10 <utkarsh2102> lovely, thank you!

 16:10 <utkarsh2102> #action sil2100 to add 2023 meeting dates in the agenda whilst at it

 16:10 * meetingology sil2100 to add 2023 meeting dates in the agenda whilst at it

 16:10 <utkarsh2102> okeydoke, this seems to be done

 16:10 <sil2100> Will get to it in a bit after my SRU shift

 16:10 <utkarsh2102> no rush!

 16:11 <utkarsh2102> #topic AOB

 16:11 <rbasak> o/

 16:11 <rbasak> Last meeting we had extensive discussion on making progress in meetings

 16:11 <rbasak> I summarised what I think we decided we wanted in my email "Keeping IRC meetings moving"

 16:11 <rbasak> But there has been no feedback.

 16:11 <rbasak> Please provide feedback.

 16:12 <utkarsh2102> I am on PTO (for whole of December), I can take a look this week, but please expect it to be in 2023 from my end. Apologies.

 16:13 <rbasak> OK, so let's defer, but I'd appreciate if everyone could take a look please. If nobody has the time, then that's fine, but I'd appreciate not wasting further time discussing it in that case.

 16:14 <bdmurray> Stalling on keeping things moving would be ironic no?

 16:14 <rbasak> Right

 16:14 <utkarsh2102> :)

 16:14 <utkarsh2102> anything else, then?

 16:14 * utkarsh2102 starts a 3-minute mental countdown

 16:15 <rbasak> FWIW, I intended 3 minutes to be the limit when explicitly waiting on something.

 16:15 <rbasak> I don't think you should feel you have to wait three minutes unless you're waiting on someone for something specific.

 16:16 <utkarsh2102> it's alright, 3 minutes is for people to think if they have something they'd like to bring up, I guess

 16:17 <utkarsh2102> 30 more seconds

 16:18 <utkarsh2102> okeydoke, I'm going to wrap up in

 16:18 <utkarsh2102> 3

 16:18 <utkarsh2102> 2

 16:18 <utkarsh2102> 1

 16:18 <utkarsh2102> \o/

 16:18 <utkarsh2102> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)