== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status meeting, started by cpaelzer, 11 Oct at 14:31 &mdash; 15:14 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2022/ubuntu-meeting.2022-10-11-14.31.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== current component mismatches ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 14:32.

 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg   (cpaelzer, 14:32)
 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg   (cpaelzer, 14:32)

=== New MIRs ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 14:32.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=NEW&field.status%3Alist=CONFIRMED&assignee_option=none&field.assignee=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (cpaelzer, 14:32)
 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/libgit2/+bug/1990655   (cpaelzer, 14:34)

=== Incomplete bugs / questions ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 14:46.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (cpaelzer, 14:47)

=== MIR related Security Review Queue ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 14:47.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-security/+bugs?field.searchtext=%5BMIR%5D&assignee_option=choose&field.assignee=ubuntu-security&field.bug_reporter=&field.bug_commenter=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (cpaelzer, 14:47)
 * ''LINK:'' https://warthogs.atlassian.net/jira/software/c/projects/SEC/boards/594   (cpaelzer, 14:51)

=== Any other business? ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 14:52.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/libssh2/+bug/1991650   (joalif, 15:00)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * cpaelzer (119)
 * didrocks (37)
 * sarnold (17)
 * slyon (13)
 * joalif (10)
 * schopin (3)
 * meetingology (2)



== Full log ==


 14:31 <cpaelzer> #startmeeting Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status

 14:31 <meetingology> Meeting started at 14:31:50 UTC.  The chair is cpaelzer.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 14:31 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 14:31 <cpaelzer> Ping for MIR meeting - didrocks joalif slyon sarnold cpaelzer jamespage

 14:32 <didrocks> hey cpaelzer

 14:32 <cpaelzer> #topic current component mismatches

 14:32 <cpaelzer> Mission: Identify required actions and spread the load among the teams

 14:32 <cpaelzer> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg

 14:32 <cpaelzer> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg

 14:32 <cpaelzer> nothing new in there

 14:32 <cpaelzer> as I said, the last few calm weeks :-)

 14:32 <slyon> o/

 14:32 <cpaelzer> wb slyon

 14:32 <cpaelzer> #topic New MIRs

 14:32 <cpaelzer> Mission: ensure to assign all incoming reviews for fast processing

 14:32 <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=NEW&field.status%3Alist=CONFIRMED&assignee_option=none&field.assignee=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 14:33 <sarnold> good morning

 14:33 <sarnold> oh my

 14:33 <cpaelzer> so much for calm

 14:33 <cpaelzer> but hey I've wanred about that a few weeks ago

 14:34 <slyon> haha that's plenty of ruby MIRs

 14:34 * didrocks removes his hand from the alarm button then

 14:34 <cpaelzer> to be fair

 14:34 <cpaelzer> it is a lot of very small usually easy packages

 14:34 <sarnold> o/~ to be faaiir o/~

 14:34 <cpaelzer> instead of a single super massive one

 14:34 <cpaelzer> hehe

 14:34 <cpaelzer> ok let us talk about the non-pcs one first

 14:34 <cpaelzer> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/libgit2/+bug/1990655

 14:35 <didrocks> I haven’t noticed that slyon answered, the status is wrong though

 14:35 <cpaelzer> that is the other known "there will be more" case by schopin

 14:35 <didrocks> I need to have a reread and asses on libgit2, I will do that

 14:35 <didrocks> (tomorrow probably)

 14:35 <cpaelzer> ok, so I'll re-assign it to you for now didrocks

 14:36 <cpaelzer> and depending on the outcome it goes to ack/nack/security next

 14:36 <didrocks> yep

 14:36 <cpaelzer> now around PCS

 14:37 <cpaelzer> this was all meant to be doen in 22.10 but the dependency tree exploded on us

 14:37 <cpaelzer> as you can see

 14:37 <cpaelzer> I've asked to at least provide it very early for 23.04 because the item will move there

 14:37 <cpaelzer> let us first distribute the "easy" ones - which are the 14 ruby-* cases

 14:38 <cpaelzer> how about round robin them between the four of us being joalif didrocks slyon and myself ?

 14:38 <joalif> yup

 14:38 <cpaelzer> that would be 3 or 4 of them for each of us

 14:38 <didrocks> yeah, please note I have another pending, failing to trying to get one assigned and no time for review

 14:38 <didrocks> but at least, for those, before 23.04 opens, that should be doable

 14:38 <cpaelzer> yep

 14:38 <slyon> yes, though I might not be able to get all of them reviewed by next week.

 14:39 <cpaelzer> hehe

 14:39 <cpaelzer> that is totally fine

 14:41 <cpaelzer> ok that set is done

 14:41 <cpaelzer> you can reload the list now that the view is clearer

 14:41 <sarnold> wow :)

 14:41 <cpaelzer> we have pcs itself, two python* and "thin"

 14:42 <cpaelzer> I guess in complecity this is (descending) pcs > tornado (but easier as it was in main before) > thin > dacite

 14:42 <cpaelzer> this is again 4

 14:42 <cpaelzer> one each?

 14:42 <cpaelzer> any preference?

 14:43 <cpaelzer> since I'm the manager of the team driving it I'd prefer not to do pcs itslef for political reasons

 14:43 <cpaelzer> other thna that I'm happy on any of them

 14:43 <slyon> OK, maybe something in the middle for me thin or tornado

 14:43 <cpaelzer> ok tornado it will be

 14:43 * didrocks picks randomly a python one, let’s take python3-dacite

 14:44 <cpaelzer> joalif: are you ok to take PCS itself or does that make you cursing my name for the rest of the day?

 14:44 <joalif> LOL

 14:44 <joalif> cpaelzer: that's ok :)

 14:44 <cpaelzer> to be clear - on this barrage no one expects a return of all next week

 14:44 <cpaelzer> aim for 1-2 per week and we should be good

 14:45 <didrocks> sounds good to me, let’s hope we don’t get the cargo stuff at the same time :)

 14:46 <cpaelzer> we knew both will come

 14:46 <cpaelzer> and one had to be earlier

 14:46 <cpaelzer> if cargo comes next week it will just enqueue and still be ok

 14:46 <cpaelzer> at the intended 1-2 per week that will still be very early in the 23.04 cycle

 14:46 <didrocks> yes

 14:46 <cpaelzer> and then sarnold knows his queue early on and can call for addition reviewers on security

 14:46 <cpaelzer> #topic Incomplete bugs / questions

 14:46 <cpaelzer> Mission: Identify required actions and spread the load among the teams

 14:47 <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 14:47 <cpaelzer> libgit (we talked) and tuned (old)

 14:47 <cpaelzer> nothing to discuss here IMHO

 14:47 <didrocks> yeah, tuned still has no response…

 14:47 <cpaelzer> oh well 27th Sept ??

 14:47 <cpaelzer> yeah that was you incompleting it

 14:47 <cpaelzer> ok

 14:47 <cpaelzer> #topic MIR related Security Review Queue

 14:47 <cpaelzer> Mission: Check on progress, do deadlines seem doable?

 14:47 <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-security/+bugs?field.searchtext=%5BMIR%5D&assignee_option=choose&field.assignee=ubuntu-security&field.bug_reporter=&field.bug_commenter=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 14:48 <cpaelzer> no surprises here

 14:48 <cpaelzer> sarnold: now that the plan for 23.04 slowly gets real - how about those smartcard things there?

 14:48 <cpaelzer> will they be back on the roadmap?

 14:48 <sarnold> I don't think much was done in the last week; mark is workingo n putting together a fuzz test harness for editorconfig-core

 14:49 <cpaelzer> was that after you tried to say no

 14:49 <sarnold> cpaelzer: heh, that's a good question; I think we have a meeting on our agenda with desktop team to see if that's still desired

 14:49 <cpaelzer> and then realized it is already in the archive (bundled)

 14:49 <cpaelzer> sarnold: is that a breakout session on one of the sprints?

 14:49 <sarnold> cpaelzer: it should eb, yeah, thanks for the reminder, I'll doublecheck it :)

 14:50 <cpaelzer> sarnold: while checking (I couldn't find it) could you ask for my name to be added to the invitee list please?

 14:50 <sarnold> it's not great for editorconfig to be bundled into one program, but at least that limits the scope of flaws to whoever runs that one program, not all the dozen editors that use it

 14:50 <sarnold> will do!

 14:50 <cpaelzer> thanks

 14:50 <cpaelzer> and that is an interesting insight into potential benefits of bundled sources :-)

 14:50 <sarnold> yes :)

 14:50 <cpaelzer> oh we forgot

 14:50 <cpaelzer> Internal link

 14:51 <cpaelzer> - ensure your teams items are prioritized among each other as you'd expect

 14:51 <cpaelzer> - ensure community requests do not get stomped by teams calling for favors too much

 14:51 <cpaelzer> #link https://warthogs.atlassian.net/jira/software/c/projects/SEC/boards/594

 14:51 <cpaelzer> well I forgot

 14:51 <cpaelzer> now we

 14:52 <cpaelzer> ncie confusion

 14:52 <cpaelzer> smartcard has a pcscd

 14:52 <sarnold> yes :(

 14:52 <cpaelzer> and we now entered pcs and pscd for HA

 14:52 <cpaelzer> not to be mistaken for pcscd

 14:52 <cpaelzer> arr

 14:52 <cpaelzer> anyway, next agenda entry

 14:52 <cpaelzer> #topic Any other business?

 14:52 <sarnold> nothing here

 14:52 <cpaelzer> none from me, except thanking you for spreading the pcs load

 14:53 <didrocks> I have one

 14:53 <slyon> didrocks: did you already have a chance to look into bug #1991508

 14:53 <didrocks> so, I have not yet fully check for https://bugs.launchpad.net/bugs/1991508

 14:53 <didrocks> slyon: this is what I told before, I haven’t the time to start it

 14:53 <didrocks> however, this is another case of new hardware support

 14:53 <slyon> I was asked by Foundations to push for this as it seems to be required to build usable LiceeRV 22.10 images for the release

 14:53 <didrocks> with no test

 14:54 <didrocks> slyon: well, TBH, that request should have got scheduled way before FF :)

 14:54 <didrocks> so, there is no testplan either

 14:54 <didrocks> (I find that a lot of MIRs are too easily filled without fulfilling any test requirement)

 14:54 <didrocks> I feel that at least, someone has access to the hardware somewhere

 14:54 <didrocks> and there should be a written testplan

 14:54 <cpaelzer> It ends in the usual "this should at least be a compromise - what testing could you offer" sitation

 14:54 <slyon> I think the hardware is available at my team mates... but it would require a manual test plan, right?

 14:54 <didrocks> what do people think?

 14:55 <cpaelzer> yes a manual test plan and proof that it is executable (e.g. a sample log) is much better than <nothing>

 14:55 <didrocks> yeah, and I am a little bit unhappy TBH that it’s the 3rd MIR in a row where the testing requirement is simply discared

 14:55 <didrocks> (not only Foundation, but cross team)

 14:56 <didrocks> I’m wonder how we can emphasize "If you don’t say what’s your plan on this, this is not even something we are considering"

 14:56 <cpaelzer> yep, but each time we got at least something out of insisting which is better than just doing nothing

 14:56 <cpaelzer> ack on that didrocks

 14:56 <cpaelzer> people should try to comply without us rejecting it first to force it

 14:56 <didrocks> yeah, it’s just that maybe the test is no clear enough? Should we use bold/scary message on the template? :p

 14:56 <slyon> ack on that, indeed

 14:57 <cpaelzer> didrocks: I'm happy to make it more scary, but I do not have great words for it in cache atm

 14:57 <sarnold> there is a comment in the description, "we commit to install and test this package for each new kernel that would be released, which is enough to make sure it still works"

 14:57 <cpaelzer> whoever gets to it is welcomed to throw a PR at https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir

 14:57 <didrocks> sarnold: right, but this is not a testplan, written down

 14:57 <sarnold> ahh

 14:57 <didrocks> and what if the person writing this has this somewhere on his head and leave?

 14:57 <didrocks> hence writing is better :)

 14:58 <slyon> didrocks: do you see any chance this licheeRV MIR could be resolved ahread of release if a testplan is provided in a timely manner?

 14:58 <slyon> (i.e. today/tomorrow?)

 14:58 <cpaelzer> I mean what ar ewe trying to do here a) keep ubuntu great and b) ensure teams are not digging their own grave - I think it is helpful (and not mean) to be more explicit what/why a test plan is expected

 14:58 <didrocks> slyon: as you are in touch with whoever is pushing this to write the testplan? I still hope to be able to review it in parallel before EOW

 14:58 <didrocks> I can’t commit for today/tomorrow unfortunately, as I’m already max out

 14:58 <cpaelzer> didrocks: slyon: is this looking like it also needs a round of security?

 14:59 <didrocks> doesn’t look like it (from the description)

 14:59 <cpaelzer> it is a kernel module after all right?

 14:59 <didrocks> right

 14:59 <slyon> EOW should be fine, I guess. I'm in touch with Alex and Heinrich and will ask them to provide a testplan ASAP

 14:59 <cpaelzer> ok, I'm sure you'll make the right call didrocks

 14:59 <cpaelzer> and slyon will get the team crunching on completing this to be acceptable

 14:59 <didrocks> kernel module, I will have to look how scary the code is

 14:59 <cpaelzer> ok

 14:59 <cpaelzer> any other - other topics?

 14:59 <didrocks> slyon: sounds good, thanks!

 14:59 <slyon> ok, thank you!

 14:59 <joalif> i have one

 14:59 <joalif> i'm reviewing libssh2

 15:00 <cpaelzer> I'm slightly disctracted by other meetings now- but go joalif

 15:00 <joalif> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/libssh2/+bug/1991650

 15:00 <slyon> my other (parallel) meeting just ended :)

 15:00 <cpaelzer> what is the question there joalif?

 15:00 <joalif> libssh with same functionality in main, however chopin's argument "Regarding the feature duplication between libssh1 and libssh2, the Rust bindings for the latter are well-maintained and see substantial usage, whereas the former are barely used..Given that FFI bindings are one of the trickiest area of Rust in terms of unsafe code, I believe it safer not to try and port cargo to libssh1."

 15:00 <joalif> sounds ok to me

 15:01 <joalif> what do you think ?

 15:01 <cpaelzer> to me that is a reasonable explanation why duplication is needed, although it makes me sad that we have to have two

 15:01 <cpaelzer> let me check why the deps I knew have changed ...

 15:01 <sarnold> I'm not sure they're as 'duplicate' as their names would sound, https://www.libssh2.org/libssh2-vs-libssh.html

 15:02 <cpaelzer> oh they are not "the same"

 15:02 <didrocks> puzzling

 15:02 <schopin> They're similar enough that I thought justification was warranted :)

 15:03 <joalif> yup, btw great work on MIR bug schopin

 15:03 <sarnold> good instinct :)

 15:04 <cpaelzer> what is holding libssh in main?

 15:05 <cpaelzer> maybe they could switch to libssh2 as well?

 15:05 <cpaelzer> oh I see, curl and cryptosetup and a few - hmm maybe not

 15:05 <schopin> curl actually links against libssh2 by default upstream

 15:05 <cpaelzer> I'm leaning to "it was tried to not duplicate too much => ok"

 15:06 <cpaelzer> schopin: I was only looking at revdeps

 15:06 <cpaelzer> maybe once libssh2 is in we could do a check which could/would check

 15:06 <cpaelzer> qemu would be ok to change IIRC

 15:06 <cpaelzer> you say curl as well

 15:06 <cpaelzer> libvirt would be ssh2 compat as well

 15:07 <schopin> I'll put that as a roadmap idea for next cycle :)

 15:14 <cpaelzer> thanks schopin

 15:14 <cpaelzer> and by that and no other comment

 15:14 <cpaelzer> let us close this meeting for today

 15:14 <cpaelzer> thank you all!

 15:14 <sarnold> thanks cpaelzer, all :)

 15:14 <cpaelzer> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)