== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Developer Membership Board meeting, started by rbasak, 11 Jul at 19:12 &mdash; 19:24 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2022/ubuntu-meeting.2022-07-11-19.12.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== Review of previous action items ===

Discussion started by rbasak at 19:12.

 * ''LINK:'' https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/proposal-improving-the-membership-application-process/21686/53   (rbasak, 19:14)
 * ''ACTION:'' teward follow up to get all application process wiki/docs to explain the process to be able to edit wiki pages, for applicants who don't yet have wiki edit access (carried over)  (rbasak, 19:18)

=== Outstanding mailing list requests to assign ===

Discussion started by rbasak at 19:18.

 * No outstanding mailing list requests to assign  (rbasak, 19:19)

=== Open TB bugs ===

Discussion started by rbasak at 19:19.

 * No open TB bugs  (rbasak, 19:19)

=== AOB ===

Discussion started by rbasak at 19:19.




== Action items, by person ==

 * teward
  * teward follow up to get all application process wiki/docs to explain the process to be able to edit wiki pages, for applicants who don't yet have wiki edit access (carried over)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * rbasak (29)
 * teward (5)
 * meetingology (3)
 * sil2100 (2)
 * seb128 (1)



== Full log ==


 19:12 <rbasak> #startmeeting Developer Membership Board

 19:12 <meetingology> Meeting started at 19:12:37 UTC.  The chair is rbasak.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 19:12 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 19:12 <rbasak> #topic Review of previous action items

 19:12 <rbasak> sil2100 update application docs and possibly DMB checklist, to make sure candidates have signed CoC before applying and before DMB approves (done)

 19:12 <rbasak> Thanks!

 19:13 <sil2100> np!

 19:13 <rbasak> One note on this. I think the CC wanted a question asked explicitly

 19:14 <rbasak> https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/proposal-improving-the-membership-application-process/21686/53

 19:14 <rbasak> Applicants for Membership must be asked by the relevant Membership

 19:14 <rbasak> Board, and must return an affirmation, to the following questions:

 19:14 <rbasak> Has the Applicant read the entirety of the Ubuntu Code of Conduct?

 19:14 <rbasak> Does the Applicant understand the Code of Conduct they have read?

 19:14 <rbasak> Does the Applicant agree to abide by the Code of Conduct for as

 19:14 <rbasak> long as they are a member?

 19:14 <rbasak> Do we need to integrate this somehow?

 19:15 <rbasak> I think they asked for this because of some incident

 19:16 <rbasak> Any comments?

 19:17 <rbasak> teward: ^

 19:17 <rbasak> I guess I'll leave teward to comment later if he wants anything changed as he's on the CC.

 19:18 <rbasak> teward follow up to get all application process wiki/docs to explain the process to be able to edit wiki pages, for applicants who don't yet have wiki edit access (carried over)

 19:18 <rbasak> teward isn't here I guess, so I'll carry over.

 19:18 <rbasak> #action teward follow up to get all application process wiki/docs to explain the process to be able to edit wiki pages, for applicants who don't yet have wiki edit access (carried over)

 19:18 * meetingology teward follow up to get all application process wiki/docs to explain the process to be able to edit wiki pages, for applicants who don't yet have wiki edit access (carried over)

 19:18 <rbasak> #topic Outstanding mailing list requests to assign

 19:19 <rbasak> #info No outstanding mailing list requests to assign

 19:19 <rbasak> I see Seb's recent email about packageset tweaks though. Thank you!

 19:19 <rbasak> #topic Open TB bugs

 19:19 <rbasak> #info No open TB bugs

 19:19 <rbasak> #topic AOB

 19:19 <rbasak> AOB?

 19:20 <sil2100> None! I'll try to tweak it in that case

 19:20 <seb128> re pacakgeset, yw!

 19:20 <teward> *yawns* i missed the pings sorry

 19:20 <teward> work is evil today

 19:21 <teward> rbasak: yes that set of questions works.

 19:21 <teward> the reason for this is we ran into a problem where someone got membership and upload rights via devel contribs a while ago but then decided to go so  against the CoC they got all their permissions stripped

 19:23 <teward> *returns to the abyss of Exchange servers he's stuck in today at FT job*

 19:24 <rbasak> Thanks. OK I guess we're done then!

 19:24 <rbasak> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)