== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team meeting, started by bdmurray, 28 Apr at 15:00 &mdash; 15:48 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2022/ubuntu-meeting.2022-04-28-15.00.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== Release Incoming Bugs ===

Discussion started by bdmurray at 15:06.

 * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-jj-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs   (bdmurray, 15:06)
 * ''LINK:'' https://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ff-incoming-bug-tasks.html   (bdmurray, 15:44)

=== Team proposed-migration report ===

Discussion started by bdmurray at 15:45.

 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs   (vorlon, 15:46)

=== AOB ===

Discussion started by bdmurray at 15:46.




== People present (lines said) ==

 * bdmurray (72)
 * vorlon (20)
 * ubottu (15)
 * slyon (9)
 * jawn-smith (7)
 * enr0n (7)
 * sil2100 (6)
 * waveform (4)
 * meetingology (2)
 * bdrung (2)
 * dbungert (1)
 * schopin (1)



== Full log ==


 15:00 <bdmurray> #startmeeting Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team

 15:00 <meetingology> Meeting started at 15:00:02 UTC.  The chair is bdmurray.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 15:00 <dbungert> o/

 15:00 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 15:00 <sil2100> o/

 15:00 <bdrung> o/

 15:01 <bdmurray> The team's update has been posted herehttps://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/foundations-team-updates-thursday-28-april-2022/28035

 15:02 <bdmurray> Let's take a moment to review and ask any questions

 15:04 <bdmurray> vorlon: how is the opening of Kinetic going?

 15:04 <vorlon> well, I don't know where the autopkgtests for base-files are going

 15:04 <vorlon> which we need to get in the release pocket, along with debootstrap, before we move along further

 15:05 <bdmurray> all right

 15:05 <bdmurray> Any other questions?

 15:06 <vorlon> ah base-files autopkgtest results seem to actually be coming in now https://autopkgtest.ubuntu.com/packages/b/bash/kinetic/amd64

 15:06 <bdmurray> #topic Release Incoming Bugs

 15:06 <bdmurray> I think it's premature to look at the rls-kk report but it has been created

 15:06 <bdmurray> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-jj-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 15:07 <bdmurray> bug 1968997 is already carded so just needs the tag removed and targetting

 15:07 <ubottu> Bug 1968997 in openssl (Ubuntu) "openssl has catastrophic issues when locale set to TR_UTF8" [Critical, In Progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1968997

 15:07 <bdmurray> bug 1969810

 15:07 <ubottu> Bug 1969810 in python3.10 (Ubuntu) "python 3.10: SSLObject does not raise SSLEOFError on OpenSSL 3" [High, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1969810

 15:07 <bdmurray> schopin: ^

 15:08 <schopin> This needs some upstream work, and is a security concern.

 15:08 <bdmurray> Okay, let's card it then

 15:09 <bdmurray> bug 1962751

 15:09 <ubottu> Bug 1962751 in ubiquity (Ubuntu) "nvidia drivers not installed automatically" [High, Incomplete] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1962751

 15:09 <bdmurray> I'm pretty sure we tested this machine at the sprint last week

 15:09 <bdmurray> and it wasn't an issue

 15:09 <sil2100> Was that a Z-Book?

 15:09 <bdmurray> given that and sil2100's test let's untag it

 15:10 <sil2100> Yeah, we saw no other reports during and after the release, so +1

 15:10 <bdmurray> bug 1962454

 15:10 <ubottu> Bug 1962454 in apport (Ubuntu) "Oops pages show wrong time window in JournalErrors" [Medium, Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1962454

 15:11 <bdmurray> The desktop team is pretty keen to see this done so let's card it

 15:11 <bdmurray> bug 1969394

 15:11 <ubottu> Bug 1969394 in update-manager (Ubuntu) "'Settings & Livepatch' button opens 'settings' tab, not livepatch" [Low, Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1969394

 15:12 <bdmurray> vorlon: what do you think about the last comment there?

 15:12 <jawn-smith> I just created a new bug and tagged it as rls-jj-incoming

 15:12 <bdmurray> well we already have too many

 15:13 <vorlon> it's true that it requires design work, and is not a "release issue" in the sense of something to try to get done by release day, but the comment was added a week after release, so :)

 15:13 <jawn-smith> so before we move to ii I'll have ubottu fetch it

 15:13 <vorlon> I don't want to drive fixing it

 15:13 <vorlon> so if that means we're declining, so be it

 15:13 <bdmurray> Well we could tag it for the next LTS

 15:14 <bdmurray> Is that NN?

 15:14 <bdmurray> bug 1968912

 15:14 <ubottu> Bug 1968912 in vim (Ubuntu) "vim.tiny reports 'E1187: Failed to source defaults.vim' on execution in default install" [Undecided, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1968912

 15:14 <bdmurray> That looks rather ugly but seems low priority

 15:15 <bdmurray> so I'll update the importance

 15:15 <bdmurray> Let's go ahead and set it to notfixing for jj

 15:16 <vorlon> does it affect noninteractive invocations of vi?

 15:16 <bdmurray> bug 1969464

 15:16 <ubottu> Bug 1969464 in ubiquity (Ubuntu) "Ubuntu 22.04 fails update Unpacking casper (1.470) over (1.468)" [Undecided, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1969464

 15:16 <bdmurray> vorlon: Oh, IDK

 15:16 <vorlon> if it does, that should be considered higher-severity

 15:17 <bdrung> i vaguely remember seeing that error message.

 15:17 <sil2100> hmmm

 15:18 <bdmurray> So we should finish that casper bug

 15:18 <bdmurray> Let's card it

 15:18 <bdmurray> bug 1970402

 15:18 <ubottu> Bug 1970402 in initramfs-tools (Ubuntu) "Initrd out of memory error after upgrade to 22.04" [Undecided, Incomplete] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1970402

 15:18 <vorlon> I don't mind it being carded, but reiterate that the root bug is a user ever having casper installed on a target system

 15:19 <sil2100> Yeah, I think the main issue to figure out there is why casper ended up installed, as we tried install tests in London and we never ended up with casper on our systems

 15:19 <bdmurray> Is there a way to better convey that?

 15:19 <vorlon> well, I have just marked the bug incomplete, since I asked the user for logs and haven't gotten them

 15:19 <sil2100> I think carding the bug is enough, as comments from Steve are in the bug

 15:20 <vorlon> initramfs-tools: aren't our compression defaults in jammy supposed to use less memory?

 15:20 <bdmurray> I didn't recall when I tagged it

 15:20 <waveform> vorlon, the zstd default was changed from -19 to -1 which should use substantially les

 15:21 <waveform> *less

 15:21 <bdmurray> and they had the latest version of initramfs-tools

 15:22 <bdmurray> so let's leave that incomplete but keep an eye out for other reports

 15:22 <vorlon> and the error is at boot time hmm

 15:22 <bdmurray> bug 1896772

 15:22 <ubottu> Bug 1896772 in isc-dhcp (Ubuntu) "systemd-resolved configures no Current Scopes on start" [Undecided, Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1896772

 15:23 <bdmurray> vorlon: you'd tagged this one

 15:23 <slyon> there is an easy reproducer for this issue, and a (partial?) fix for the permission issue in ifupdown.

 15:23 <vorlon> oh had I

 15:23 <bdmurray> I think we'd talked about it before release week

 15:24 <vorlon> ok

 15:24 <vorlon> yeah I don't have any insight into the actual bug, but the description is serious and warrants investigation

 15:24 <bdmurray> Okay so let's card that then

 15:24 <slyon> I agree, we should investigate how it affects the other two packages

 15:25 <bdmurray> bug 1959475 enr0n tagged this one

 15:25 <ubottu> Bug 1959475 in systemd (Ubuntu) "'machinectl shell' connections immediately terminated" [Undecided, Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1959475

 15:26 <enr0n> Yeah, I had not had time to actually test thi, but there was upstream activity and a patch

 15:26 <enr0n> test this*

 15:26 <slyon> interestingly the referenced upstream commit, that supposedly fixes the issue is already included in v249

 15:26 <enr0n> I think there is another one further down

 15:26 <slyon> err.. i clicked the wrong link.

 15:27 <slyon> hmm seems like this is mostly a Focal issue, right @enr0n ?

 15:27 <enr0n> Or maybe it just needs to be SRU'd

 15:27 <enr0n> Ha, yeah

 15:28 <bdmurray> Either way let's card it

 15:28 <slyon> So let's target to Focal and card it.

 15:28 <bdmurray> bug 1968845

 15:28 <ubottu> Bug 1968845 in dbus (Ubuntu) "Upgrade to 22.04 from 20.04 ends with dbus installation asking for a reboot" [Undecided, Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1968845

 15:29 <jawn-smith> waveform: could this be related to the debhelper changes you worked on?

 15:30 <bdmurray> sarnold also pointed at the snapd bug

 15:30 <waveform> erm ... I don't *think* so off the top of my head as that was preventing debhelper from auto-restarting dbus on upgrade. This is doing what it *should* which is upgrade dbus but leave the existing daemon running

 15:30 <bdmurray> So I think we should test this again to see if it is still valid

 15:30 <bdmurray> I'll test that today

 15:31 <bdmurray> bug 1969375

 15:31 <ubottu> Bug 1969375 in systemd (Ubuntu) "systemd-cryptenroll does not support TPM2 devices" [Undecided, Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1969375

 15:31 <bdmurray> enr0n: ^

 15:32 <enr0n> Yeah debian enabled this in 250, so maybe we just get it in kk. But it seemed like something to consider for LTS

 15:32 <bdmurray> I guess that is something we could just add to the Jammy SRU list for systemd

 15:32 <slyon> IMO this is something we can include with the next systemd merge, but not enable this after feature freeze in jammy

 15:32 <slyon> do we SRU new features?

 15:33 <bdmurray> For hardware support

 15:33 <slyon> ack

 15:33 <vorlon> not super useful to have enabled in jammy, we don't have a cryptographically-secure measured boot path

 15:34 <bdmurray> Okay, then let's untag it

 15:35 <bdmurray> bug 1969786

 15:35 <ubottu> Bug 1969786 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu) "Upgrade from 20.04 to 22.04 failed" [Undecided, Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1969786

 15:36 <bdmurray> In this one ubuntu-desktop got removed somehow

 15:36 <enr0n> Yeah

 15:38 <bdmurray> let's card that for juliank to have a look at

 15:38 <bdmurray> jawn-smith: you have something for us?

 15:38 <jawn-smith> bug 1970761

 15:38 <ubottu> Bug 1970761 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu) "Upgrades to 22.04 can cause netplan failures on Raspi" [Undecided, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1970761

 15:39 <bdmurray> jawn-smith: which "older releases"?

 15:39 <jawn-smith> great question: waveform?

 15:41 <waveform> I would assume "anything older than jammy"; block is definitely in hirsute+impish, *may* be in focal but either way should be removed

 15:41 <bdmurray> The reason I ask is there may need to be 2 quirks one for each release from which you are upgrading. Regardless, that's an implementation detail and let's just fix it.

 15:42 <bdmurray> Also please remember to set importances for bug tasks so we can better prioritze

 15:42 <bdmurray> pi-oritize

 15:43 <bdmurray> rls-ii is empty

 15:43 <bdmurray> and we should probably stop looking at it rather soon

 15:43 <jawn-smith> \o/

 15:44 <bdmurray> #link https://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ff-incoming-bug-tasks.html

 15:44 <bdmurray> bug 1970411

 15:44 <ubottu> Bug 1970411 in gnome-remote-desktop (Ubuntu) "gnome-remote-desktop-daemon crashes on fuse_thread_func → g_thread_proxy → start_thread: Failed to mount FUSE filesystem (as per missing fusermount3)" [Low, Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1970411

 15:45 <bdmurray> It looks like the desktop team is working on that so skip

 15:45 <bdmurray> and we already talked about machinectl

 15:45 <bdmurray> so next topic

 15:45 <bdmurray> #topic Team proposed-migration report

 15:45 <bdmurray> vorlon:

 15:46 <vorlon> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs

 15:46 <vorlon> we're still in the process of opening the archive, so nothing to be done here

 15:46 <vorlon> once we get base-files and debootstrap through, the fun begins

 15:46 <vorlon> but nothing else to say on this right now :)

 15:46 <bdmurray> #topic AOB

 15:47 <jawn-smith> my half day for today got cancelled, so you're stuck with me all day

 15:48 <bdmurray> okay, thanks everybody

 15:48 <bdmurray> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)