== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Ubuntu Technical Board meeting, started by sil2100, 17 May at 19:09 &mdash; 19:41 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2022/ubuntu-meeting.2022-05-17-19.09.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== Apologies ===

Discussion started by sil2100 at 19:09.


=== Action Review ===

Discussion started by sil2100 at 19:09.

 * ''ACTION:'' rbasak to draft a proposal of the DMB-proposed inactivity expiration policy for TB ratification  (sil2100, 19:20)
 * ''ACTION:'' cyphermox to follow up with the CC regarding the TB nominations and election  (sil2100, 19:23)

=== Definition of our third party repository policy ===

Discussion started by sil2100 at 19:23.

 * ''LINK:'' Definition of our third party repository policy  (sil2100, 19:23)
 * ''LINK:'' https://docs.google.com/document/d/1apUKR4gtOrfPGCWmtoebaQUhoy-fG8Cyo3VKJyhnpD0/edit   (sil2100, 19:24)

=== AOB ===

Discussion started by sil2100 at 19:39.


=== Next chair ===

Discussion started by sil2100 at 19:39.




== Action items, by person ==

 * cyphermox
  * cyphermox to follow up with the CC regarding the TB nominations and election
 * rbasak
  * rbasak to draft a proposal of the DMB-proposed inactivity expiration policy for TB ratification



== People present (lines said) ==

 * sil2100 (62)
 * rbasak (28)
 * cyphermox (8)
 * meetingology (4)
 * vorlon (4)



== Full log ==


 19:09 <sil2100> #startmeeting Ubuntu Technical Board

 19:09 <meetingology> Meeting started at 19:09:20 UTC.  The chair is sil2100.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 19:09 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 19:09 <sil2100> #topic Apologies

 19:09 <sil2100> ...no apologies \o/

 19:09 <cyphermox> I have a hard stop in an hour

 19:09 <sil2100> #topic Action Review

 19:09 * sil2100 (everyone) review the Ubuntu Backports Team Charter for ratification

 19:10 <sil2100> I must say that I didn't look at it yet

 19:10 <rbasak> My comments are in the thread

 19:10 <rbasak> (summary: IMHO it's not ready for ratification as-is)

 19:11 <sil2100> Then reminder to myself and others that didn't do this yet: let's all read and comment on the ML

 19:11 <rbasak> But I would like to see some terms of reference defined and documented.

 19:12 <sil2100> Let's move on for now

 19:12 * sil2100 (everyone) formal ratification of third party seeded snap security policy (finalize wording on the Google Doc)

 19:12 <rbasak> I have been working on the draft but we can discuss this in its own agenda item

 19:13 <sil2100> Ok, so let's move for now

 19:13 * sil2100 vorlon to circle around with store, snapcraft, et all, and revise the snap source revision policy to be more clear with regards to rebuildability and GPL compliance.

 19:13 <sil2100> vorlon: any progress here? ^

 19:15 <sil2100> I think I saw the card on Jira, so I think the answer is 'not yet' - but it's on the backlog for vorlon

 19:15 * sil2100 sil2100 to start a draft summarizing the OEM archive portion of the meeting which x-nox and TB will review, edit, and ratify before we move on to figuring out the next step

 19:16 <vorlon> sil2100: correct :/

 19:16 <sil2100> So some good news and bad news. Good news is that I had a chat with Rex in Copenhagen about this, so I have a better understanding now. Bad news: nothing officially written besides scribbles

 19:16 <sil2100> I blame it on the wiki

 19:16 <sil2100> ...which apparently I was able to log onto now \o/

 19:17 * sil2100 Review and leave feedback on the first version of the preamble and three first requirements https://pad.ubuntu.com/third-party-repository-requirements (all of the TB)

 19:17 <sil2100> I think this one we need to remove

 19:17 <sil2100> It's been moved to the google doc

 19:17 <sil2100> Oh, hah!

 19:17 * sil2100 rbasak to move the pad to Google Doc

 19:17 <rbasak> done

 19:17 <sil2100> This is done, so yeah, let me clear those out

 19:17 <vorlon> should update the wiki to point to https://docs.google.com/document/d/1apUKR4gtOrfPGCWmtoebaQUhoy-fG8Cyo3VKJyhnpD0/edit ?

 19:17 * sil2100 Discuss DMB inactivity expiration policy (all of the TB)

 19:18 <sil2100> I think this is already done, right? Or do we still need to discuss something here?

 19:18 <rbasak> I think we do need to discuss it, but haven't done yet.

 19:18 <rbasak> It could do with tying up. I'd like for the TB to ratify what the DMB wanted, but while doing it clear up the ambiguous bits.

 19:19 <rbasak> I don't mind drafting something, so you can carry it and assign to me for a concrete proposal if you'd like.

 19:19 <rbasak> I won't get to it immediately since I'm prioritising some other TB/DMB things and it's no longer an urgent thing.

 19:20 <sil2100> #action rbasak to draft a proposal of the DMB-proposed inactivity expiration policy for TB ratification

 19:20 * meetingology rbasak to draft a proposal of the DMB-proposed inactivity expiration policy for TB ratification

 19:20 <sil2100> rbasak: feel free to reach out to me in case you won't find the time for that one

 19:20 <rbasak> Thanks!

 19:20 * sil2100 cyphermox to contact CC to trigger an election

 19:20 <sil2100> This is marked done

 19:21 <sil2100> I guess we had no candidates..?

 19:21 <rbasak> Was there a call for nominations?

 19:21 <sil2100> Yes, there was one for Marc's seat

 19:21 <cyphermox> I remember marking it done, but now that I didn't see anything go by I wanted to circle back and check at what the status of things are

 19:21 <rbasak> Oh yes. I remember now, sorry.

 19:21 <sil2100> Even two, since one was really short-period, then one longer... but then it all died out

 19:22 <sil2100> So I don't know what's the status of the actual nominations/election

 19:22 <rbasak> Maybe we need to ask the CC to continue driving it

 19:22 <sil2100> Should someone follow up?

 19:22 <sil2100> cyphermox: could you do that?

 19:22 <rbasak> Nominations aren't visible to us until after they've been shortlisted.

 19:22 <cyphermox> yep, I will take care of it

 19:23 <sil2100> #action cyphermox to follow up with the CC regarding the TB nominations and election

 19:23 * meetingology cyphermox to follow up with the CC regarding the TB nominations and election

 19:23 <sil2100> Thanks!

 19:23 <sil2100> Ok, this is all for the action items

 19:23 <sil2100> #topic Definition of our third party repository policy

 19:23 <sil2100> #link Definition of our third party repository policy

 19:24 <sil2100> Argh

 19:24 <sil2100> #link https://docs.google.com/document/d/1apUKR4gtOrfPGCWmtoebaQUhoy-fG8Cyo3VKJyhnpD0/edit

 19:24 <rbasak> I think I've incorporated all feedback into the draft, except for sil2100's suggest on some specifics for snaps which I think we agreed to put into an appendix.

 19:24 <rbasak> Please could you review the draft text in full now? It should be complete now except for polish and any further requested amendments.

 19:24 <rbasak> I'd like to run through the outstanding comments and suggestions and clean them up if you now if we have time for that.

 19:24 <sil2100> Let's just check if we have anything else to take care of

 19:24 <sil2100> No community bugs

 19:24 <sil2100> I suppose also no ML entries?

 19:25 <rbasak> There was the question of the DMB extension/election but I think that's settled now?

 19:26 <rbasak> I don't see any other ML activity

 19:26 <sil2100> Ok, so let's all take a look at the draft now

 19:26 <sil2100> cyphermox, vorlon: ^

 19:27 <vorlon> I'm going to beg off from this; I'm not feeling hot right now and don't think I'm going to be able to give a very good detailed review

 19:27 <rbasak> OK

 19:28 <vorlon> but I have reviewed it fairly recently (in terms of edit history) so hopefully won't have too much more to add

 19:28 <sil2100> vorlon: o/

 19:30 <sil2100> rbasak: ok, so I'm fine with the suggestions that you put on the document

 19:31 <rbasak> Great, thanks! Also I added wording for all the requirements not just the first three.

 19:31 <rbasak> (that's all the blue text

 19:31 <rbasak> )

 19:32 <sil2100> Ok, looking

 19:32 <cyphermox> my only comment would be about not mentioning Flatpaks, etc.; otherwise it's all looking good to me

 19:32 <rbasak> cyphermox: I added a comment on your comment just now

 19:32 <cyphermox> oh, sure, yes

 19:33 <cyphermox> basically, that's in line with what I mean, making it as general as possible

 19:33 <cyphermox> I'm all good then

 19:34 <sil2100> rbasak: this sounds very good. One really minor question (more of a formality) - should we use the 'TB' abbreviation in a formal document here, or better explicitly mention 'Technical Board'? As said, this is basically a minor question

 19:35 <rbasak> OK so what I think I'll do next is remove the notes (they'll be retrievable if needed from version history), leaving only the draft text. I need to add an appendix for snaps as sil2100 suggested. And then I think it'll be ready for wider consultation. I'll need to audit the existing snaps that fall under scope to define an initial list of exceptions.

 19:35 <rbasak> sil2100: agreed. I'll change that.

 19:35 <rbasak> vorlon: shall I give you a few days to look first?

 19:36 <sil2100> rbasak: +1 on that, I really like the overall sound of that

 19:36 <sil2100> Thank you for driving this to completion

 19:36 <rbasak> OK so that's on me to make progress again. Thank you for the feedback!

 19:39 <sil2100> Ok, I guess that's it then

 19:39 <sil2100> #topic AOB

 19:39 <sil2100> Anything else we should discuss?

 19:39 <sil2100> #topic Next chair

 19:40 <sil2100> Ok, so alphabetically after me should be cyphermox , but I think he was chairing the last time

 19:40 <cyphermox> hey, it's all good

 19:40 <sil2100> cyphermox: ok o/ So cyphermox as the chair an rbasak as backup

 19:40 <sil2100> Thanks!

 19:41 <sil2100> Let me update the agenda

 19:41 <sil2100> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)