== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team meeting, started by bdmurray, 17 Feb at 16:01 &mdash; 16:58 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2022/ubuntu-meeting.2022-02-17-16.01.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning Round ===

Discussion started by bdmurray at 16:01.

 * ''LINK:'' https://github.com/systemd/systemd/pull/22038   (slyon, 16:01)
 * ''LINK:'' https://code.launchpad.net/~slyon/snappy-hwe-snaps/+git/network-manager/+merge/415663   (slyon, 16:01)

=== Release Incoming Bugs ===

Discussion started by bdmurray at 16:11.

 * ''LINK:'' https://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-jj-incoming-bug-tasks.html   (bdmurray, 16:11)
 * ''LINK:'' https://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ii-incoming-bug-tasks.html   (bdmurray, 16:24)

=== Team proposed-migration report ===

Discussion started by bdmurray at 16:26.

 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs   (schopin, 16:26)

=== AOB ===

Discussion started by bdmurray at 16:57.




== People present (lines said) ==

 * bdmurray (61)
 * jawn-smith (56)
 * ubottu (46)
 * juliank (24)
 * schopin (21)
 * slyon (17)
 * dbungert (16)
 * alexghiti (16)
 * ogayot (15)
 * doko (15)
 * waveform (13)
 * ginggs (9)
 * enr0n (9)
 * xypron (7)
 * meetingology (2)
 * mclemenceau (2)



== Full log ==


 16:01 <bdmurray> #startmeeting Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team

 16:01 <meetingology> Meeting started at 16:01:06 UTC.  The chair is bdmurray.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 16:01 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 16:01 <bdmurray> #topic Lightning Round

 16:01 * bdmurray does the shuffle

 16:01 <bdmurray> dbungert slyon ginggs jawn-smith bdmurray sil2100 enr0n juliank vorlon xypron waveform alexghiti ogayot doko mwhudson schopin

 16:01 <dbungert> * zeek vs glibc - look at this a bit, package ended up being removed, and that

 16:01 <dbungert> was a good choice.  With update to new upstream version things will be fine.

 16:01 <dbungert> * subiquity - fix issue where sensitive information could be logged to log

 16:01 <dbungert> files, and tighten permissions on files that subiquity writes. LP: #1960162

 16:01 <dbungert> * subiquity - add scaling boot and efi system for guided partitioning, to help

 16:01 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1960162 in subiquity "Subiquity Shows Guided Storage  Passphrase in Plaintext with Read-all Permissions" [Critical, Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1960162

 16:01 <dbungert> create smaller partitions for VMs and larger ones for full disks

 16:01 <dbungert> * prep subiquity release for above items and to get updates into 20.04.4

 16:01 <dbungert> * ubuntu-desktop-installer - LP: #1959579 - investigate subiquity side and

 16:01 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1959579 in livecd-rootfs (Ubuntu) "Desktop canary installation fails on curtin error, E: Unable to locate package linux-generic" [Undecided, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1959579

 16:01 <dbungert> recommend livecd-rootfs changes to allow u-d-i to pick the kernel they want

 16:01 <dbungert> * curtin - review and merge fix for LP: #1955671, thanks x_nox

 16:01 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1955671 in curtin (Ubuntu) "support for rocky linux UEFI" [Undecided, In Progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1955671

 16:01 <dbungert> (done)

 16:01 <slyon> - MIR review libapache2-mod-auth-openidc, LP: #1959722

 16:01 <slyon> - fixed sudo autopkgtests (after merge)

 16:01 <slyon> - sponsorig new libzdnn package (s390x)

 16:01 <slyon> - merging systemd-stable 249.10, disabling some flaky tests

 16:01 <slyon> - working on barbican proposed-migration, LP: #1959626

 16:01 <slyon> + hits timeout in sqlalchemy.engine.connect() – but why?!

 16:01 <slyon> - pushing systemd vs dbus-daemon issue a bit:

 16:01 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1959722 in libapache2-mod-auth-openidc (Ubuntu) "[MIR] libapache2-mod-auth-openidc" [Undecided, Incomplete] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1959722

 16:01 <slyon> https://github.com/systemd/systemd/pull/22038

 16:01 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1959626 in barbican (Ubuntu) "barbican autopkgtests fail with python3.10" [Undecided, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1959626

 16:01 <ubottu> Pull 22038 in systemd/systemd "Fix deadlock between nss-systemd and dbus (dbus call timeout)" [Open]

 16:01 <slyon> === Netplan ===

 16:01 <slyon> - Fixed NetworkManager integration:

 16:01 <slyon> https://code.launchpad.net/~slyon/snappy-hwe-snaps/+git/network-manager/+merge/415663

 16:01 <slyon> - lots of pre-release testing, smaller fixes & packaging work

 16:01 <slyon> - released 0.104 upstream \o/ (and uploaded to jammy)

 16:02 <slyon> (done)

 16:02 <bdmurray> ginggs:

 16:02 <ginggs> * Working on FTBFS and autopkgtest regressions in Python 3.10-as-default transition

 16:02 <ginggs> * FTBFS reports

 16:02 <ginggs> * No-change rebuilds for vtk 9.1 transition

 16:02 <ginggs> * Worked on FTBFS and merges; ppc64-diag,

 16:02 <ginggs> * Sponsored some uploads; pytest-sugar, python-pxattr, openspi and shasta

 16:02 <ginggs> * No-change rebuilds for LP: #1959054

 16:02 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1959054 in libvirt (Ubuntu Jammy) "debhelper restarts services marked --no-restart-on-upgrade" [Undecided, Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1959054

 16:02 <ginggs> (done)

 16:02 <jawn-smith> * ubuntu-image

 16:02 <jawn-smith> * Made updates to snapd PR to address requested changes

 16:03 <jawn-smith> * Productive meetings about pre-built rootfs handling in new design                                               * Working on example snaps to show Raspberry Pi header pin usage on Core

 16:03 <jawn-smith> * Also working on a blog post to demonstrate these                                                                * Assisting security team in understanding golang-*-dev packages and how to recursively determine the packages that need to be rebuilt when a security vulnerability is found

 16:03 <jawn-smith> * Working on scripts to identify LP bugs related to accessiblity and a11y for the accessibility TMRG.

 16:03 <jawn-smith> [done]

 16:03 <bdmurray> investigation into germinate with -updates (LP: #1921862)

 16:03 <bdmurray> closed the Focal task for the above given changes to livecd-rootfs

 16:03 <bdmurray> livecd-rootfs MP to replace lupin-casper w/ casper

 16:03 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1921862 in livecd-rootfs (Ubuntu Jammy) "Call germinate with -updates" [High, Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1921862

 16:03 <bdmurray> uploaded livecd-rootfs to B, F, I, J for LP: #1960537

 16:03 <bdmurray> updated focal seed for change from btrfs-tools to btrfs-progs

 16:03 <bdmurray> sru-verification of /boot partition sizing LP: #1959971

 16:03 <bdmurray> merged autopkgtest-package-configs change adding shasta to big_packages

 16:03 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1960537 in livecd-rootfs (Ubuntu Jammy) "umount_partition e2fsck call fails with ${rootfs_dev_mapper} in use" [High, Fix Released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1960537

 16:03 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1959971 in partman-auto (Ubuntu Jammy) "increase /boot partition size" [High, Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1959971

 16:03 <bdmurray> sync'ed memtest86+ from Debian, sent email regarding the new version

 16:03 <bdmurray> email to ubuntu-devel regarding /boot partition sizing

 16:03 <bdmurray> review, sponsoring of enr0n's apport wayland ubuntu-bug -w changes

 16:03 <bdmurray> review of ogayot's whoopsie --no-polling changes

 16:03 <bdmurray> updated EoL crash removal code to remove more columns

 16:03 <bdmurray> submitted RT to remove crash data for Ubuntu 16.04 crashes

 16:03 <bdmurray> preparing for and conducting interviews

 16:03 <bdmurray> ✔ done

 16:04 <juliank> sil2100 is not in here

 16:04 <bdmurray> enr0n:

 16:04 <enr0n> * macaulay2 vs gdbm

 16:04 <enr0n> - test timed out; success on retry

 16:04 <enr0n> * MP submitted and merged for LP #1959458

 16:04 <enr0n> * Filed MIR for plocate (LP #1960864)

 16:04 <enr0n> - Opened LP #1961266 (with patch) to address MIR feedback

 16:04 <enr0n> * Fixed LP: #1952947

 16:04 <enr0n> - bdmurray sponsored upload to jammy

 16:04 <enr0n> - Waiting for sponsor(s) for SRU to focal and impish

 16:04 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1959458 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu Jammy) "Lock screen disabling needs updating" [High, Fix Released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1959458

 16:04 <enr0n> (done)

 16:04 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1960864 in plocate (Ubuntu) "[MIR] plocate" [Undecided, Incomplete] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1960864

 16:04 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1961266 in plocate (Ubuntu) "remove debian/source/include-binaries file from plocate package" [Medium, Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1961266

 16:04 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1952947 in apport (Ubuntu Impish) "ubuntu-bug -w (using xprop) doesn't work under wayland" [Low, Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1952947

 16:04 <juliank> * various grub work

 16:04 <juliank> - switch to fuse3 (LP: #1935659)

 16:04 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1935659 in grub2-unsigned (Ubuntu Jammy) "grub2 FTBFS when built with libfuse3-dev" [Undecided, In Progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1935659

 16:04 <juliank> - run os-prober on new install and if run before (LP: #1955109)

 16:04 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1955109 in ubiquity (Ubuntu Jammy) "boot menu not appearing after manual install of jellyfish daily build alongside other OS" [Undecided, Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1955109

 16:04 <juliank> - fix wrong number of bytes being freed (LP: #1958623)

 16:05 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1958623 in grub2 (Ubuntu) "encounter RSOD while pxe booting from MaaS server" [Medium, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1958623

 16:05 <juliank> * UC20 signing for shim/grub (LP: #1961080)

 16:05 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1961080 in shim-signed (Ubuntu) "UC20 Online Key signing request for grub2-signed 1.177 and shim-signed 1.51" [Undecided, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1961080

 16:05 <juliank> * sponsored python-debian for schopin

 16:05 <juliank> * autopkgtest-cloud:

 16:05 <juliank> - restart rabbitmq, write an auto restarter

 16:05 <juliank> (done)

 16:05 <bdmurray> vorlon is out

 16:05 <bdmurray> xypron:

 16:05 <xypron> Investigated 'toil' autopkgtests failures LP #1961097

 16:05 <xypron> Fixed #1960263 python-pil-doc fails to build in jammy

 16:05 <xypron> Reworked GRUB pull request for riscv64 support LP #1876620

 16:05 <xypron> Analyzing what is needed to used Ubuntu toolchain for building recovery tools for VisionFive board

 16:05 <xypron> <done />

 16:05 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1961097 in toil (Ubuntu) "autopackage tests fail against Python 3.10" [Undecided, Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1961097

 16:05 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1876620 in grub2 (Ubuntu) "Enable riscv64 build" [Wishlist, Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1876620

 16:07 <bdmurray> waveform:

 16:07 <waveform> * Fix for debhelper was merged upstream (https://salsa.debian.org/debian/debhelper/-/merge_requests/61)

 16:07 <waveform> * ginngs kindly sponsored the debhelper merge (LP: #1960248) which incorporated the --no-restart fix (LP: #1959054)

 16:07 <waveform> * Added list of packages that need rebuilding to the aforementioned bugs (and another for Debian upstream)

 16:07 <waveform> * Jammy raspi desktop images have a non-functional swapfile; proposed a merge to fix (LP: #1961047)

 16:07 <waveform> * Merged pi-gadget changes

 16:07 <waveform> * Lots of testing of focal .4 dailies using the new gadget from the "classic" branch

 16:07 <waveform> * Pushed one gadget fix for missing net.ifnames=0 on series <= focal

 16:07 <ubottu> Merge 61 in debian/debhelper "Fix #994204 (restarting of services marked --no-stop-on-upgrade)" [Merged]

 16:07 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1960248 in debhelper (Ubuntu) "Please merge debhelper 13.6 from Debian unstable." [Undecided, In Progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1960248

 16:07 <waveform> * Verification of the vcio permissions fix (LP: #1958563)

 16:07 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1959054 in libvirt (Ubuntu Jammy) "debhelper restarts services marked --no-restart-on-upgrade" [Undecided, Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1959054

 16:07 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1961047 in livecd-rootfs (Ubuntu Jammy) "swapfile has holes on preinstalled desktop" [Undecided, Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1961047

 16:07 <waveform> * Investigating upgrade failure on linux-firmware-raspi (LP: #1961185)

 16:07 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1958563 in raspberrypi-userland (Ubuntu Impish) "[SRU] Wrong permissions on vcio" [Undecided, Fix Committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1958563

 16:07 <waveform> * Pi meetings

 16:07 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1961185 in linux-firmware-raspi (Ubuntu) "package linux-firmware-raspi 6-0ubuntu2 failed to install/upgrade: new linux-firmware-raspi package pre-installation script subprocess returned error exit status 2" [Undecided, Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1961185

 16:07 <waveform> (done)

 16:07 <alexghiti> Opensbi new ISA spec fix uploaded

 16:07 <alexghiti> Python-pip test fix as suggested by stefanor

 16:07 <alexghiti> Servicelog version bump to fix FTBFS uploaded

 16:07 <alexghiti> Shasta disabled test that consumed too much memory (even with big_packages)

 16:07 <alexghiti> Lintian merge work: lots of MIR or a demotion to universe? Discussion ongoing

 16:07 <alexghiti> U-boot upstream build failures investigations https://source.denx.de/u-boot/custodians/u-boot-riscv/-/jobs/393314

 16:07 <alexghiti> Linux kernel upstream fixes following sv48 introduction

 16:07 <alexghiti> (done)

 16:07 <bdmurray> ogayot:

 16:07 <ogayot> * subiquity:

 16:07 <ogayot> * worked on third-party drivers (more issues when mounting overlays)

 16:07 <ogayot> * implemented option to run commands in private mounts namespace

 16:07 <ogayot> * fixed installation not finishing when query to geoip service is still running (move to async HTTP for geoip)

 16:08 <ogayot> * investigated integration tests regression on jammy-daily -> caused by move to glibc 2.35

 16:08 <ogayot> * met with UX to discuss improvements for ubuntu advantage support

 16:08 <ogayot> * whoopsie / apport: added timer-based activation for apport-autoreport (every 3h). Tests looking good so far.

 16:08 <ogayot> * python-testtools from merge party (LP #1960297)

 16:08 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1960297 in python-testtools (Ubuntu) "Please merge python-testtools 2.5.0-3 (main) from Debian unstable (main)" [Undecided, Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1960297

 16:08 <ogayot> done

 16:08 <bdmurray> doko:

 16:09 <bdmurray> schopin‽

 16:09 <doko> - icu now migrated, remaining bits are in NBS

 16:09 <doko> - ocaml should be ready to migrate now, once autopkg tests finish

 16:09 <doko> - perl: giving back autopkg tests with &all-proposed=1, still a lot to run

 16:09 <doko> - packaged gdb trunk (to become 12.1)

 16:09 <doko> - updated openjdk-18 to the release candidate 1

 16:09 <doko> - gcc-12 updated, libgo soname bump, should be ready to upload now

 16:09 <doko> - ubuntu-archive work related to migrations

 16:09 <doko> - now have the results for an LTO test rebuild in Debian, hopefully will reduce the delta again for 22.10

 16:09 <doko> - retried builds for the impish vX test rebuilds

 16:09 <doko> - taking a vacation day for tomorrow, Feb 18

 16:09 <doko> (done)

 16:09 <schopin> * On +1 rotation this week, but much time was also taken by the Rust MIR work

 16:09 <schopin> * Distro work:

 16:09 <schopin> + Finished the mini-transition that I triggered when patching haskell-hsopenssl

 16:09 <schopin> + Filed a bug to remove ruby-gitlab-labkit from the archive as out of date and blocking

 16:09 <schopin> other packages from migrating (LP: #1960803)

 16:09 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1960803 in ruby-gitlab-labkit (Ubuntu) "Remove ruby-gitlab-labkit from the archive" [Undecided, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1960803

 16:09 <schopin> + Fixed libdbd-mysql-perl FTBFS for the Perl transition (LP: #1960784)

 16:09 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1960784 in libdbd-mysql-perl (Ubuntu) "libdbd-mysql-perl: FTBFS on jammy (4.050-4build1)" [Undecided, Fix Committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1960784

 16:09 <schopin> + Rebuilt siril and x264 for the libffms2-5 transition

 16:09 <schopin> + Looked into opa-ff build failure, turned out to be caused by a packaging difference between Debian and Ubuntu at the kernel level (LP: #1960841)

 16:09 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1960841 in opa-ff (Ubuntu) "Make linux-tools-common Provide linux-cpupower" [Undecided, Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1960841

 16:09 <schopin> + Uploaded no-change rebuilds of sundials and petsc for the libhydre transition

 16:09 <schopin> + Contacted upstream regarding the ntpsec situation wrt OpenSSL 3.0 : https://gitlab.com/NTPsec/ntpsec/-/issues/726

 16:09 <ubottu> Issue 726 in NTPsec/ntpsec "NTPsec fails to build with OpenSSL 3.0" [Opened]

 16:09 <schopin> + Synced tpm2-openssl from Debian experimental (LP: #1959901)

 16:09 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1959901 in Ubuntu "[needs-packaging] tpm2-openssl" [Wishlist, Fix Released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1959901

 16:09 <schopin> + Pinged upstream for a new release for tpm2-tss (LP: #1958439)

 16:09 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1958439 in tpm2-tss (Ubuntu) "tpm2-tss: builds against OpenSSL 3.0, but fails on execution" [Undecided, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1958439

 16:09 <schopin> + Patched openpace to fix openssl-related FTBFS (LP: #1960913)

 16:09 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1960913 in openpace (Ubuntu) "openpace: FTBFS against OpenSSL 3.0" [High, Fix Released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1960913

 16:10 <schopin> + Patched racket to recommend libssl3 instead of libssl1

 16:10 <schopin> + Reviewed and sponsored opencryptoki for fheimes (LP: #1959419)

 16:10 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1959419 in opencryptoki (Ubuntu) "[22.04 FEAT] Upgrade openCryptoki to latest version (>= 3.17)" [High, Fix Released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1959419

 16:10 <schopin> + Investigated softhms2 OpenSSL related FTBFS, with little progress (LP: #1961189)

 16:10 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1961189 in softhsm2 (Ubuntu) "softhsm2: FTBFS against OpenSSL 3.0 (test suite)" [Undecided, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1961189

 16:10 <schopin> * Rust: I finalized a candidate version for 1.58.1 but am investigating armhf failures in the test suite. See LP: #1957932 for a better status report

 16:10 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1957932 in rustc (Ubuntu) "[MIR] rustc, cargo" [Critical, Incomplete] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1957932

 16:10 <schopin> * Netplan: reviewed a couple of PRs for slyon

 16:10 <schopin> ✓ done

 16:10 <bdmurray> any questions on status?

 16:11 <bdmurray> #topic Release Incoming Bugs

 16:11 <bdmurray> #link https://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-jj-incoming-bug-tasks.html

 16:12 <bdmurray> bug 1895799

 16:12 <ubottu> Bug 1895799 in pkgbinarymangler (Ubuntu) "pkgstripfiles doesn't respect override_dh_installchangelogs targets" [High, Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1895799

 16:13 <bdmurray> If the server team isn't on this then we should take it.

 16:14 <bdmurray> so let's card it and target it

 16:14 <bdmurray> bug 1958720 that one it looks like the server team is on

 16:14 <ubottu> Bug 1958720 in pyyaml (Ubuntu) "python3-yaml and python3-six are not co-installable with python-is-python2 in jammy" [High, Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1958720

 16:15 <bdmurray> bug 1914278

 16:15 <ubottu> Bug 1914278 in packagekit (Ubuntu Jammy) "Kernel updates marked as 'manually installed', prevents old kernels cleanup" [High, In Progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1914278

 16:16 <bdmurray> So the packagekit bug just needs sponsoring for Jammy as a start.

 16:16 <bdmurray> Is there somebody interested in sponsoring it?

 16:16 <juliank> yes

 16:16 <bdmurray> great, thanks. Do you think it is worth carding?

 16:17 <bdmurray> I mean do you need a card to track it or will you just JFDI?

 16:17 <juliank> It's now actually the new upstream release itself

 16:17 <juliank> I'd like a card

 16:17 <bdmurray> ack

 16:17 <juliank> No sense uploading a git snapshot debdiff if the release it out :)

 16:17 <mclemenceau> ok carded

 16:17 <bdmurray> The card would be useful for tracking the SRU of the fix too

 16:17 <bdmurray> bug 1961047

 16:17 <ubottu> Bug 1961047 in livecd-rootfs (Ubuntu Jammy) "swapfile has holes on preinstalled desktop" [Undecided, Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1961047

 16:18 <bdmurray> let's card the review of that

 16:18 <bdmurray> bug 1960749

 16:18 <ubottu> Bug 1960749 in dpkg (Ubuntu) "dpkg incorrectly installs singular-doc in jammy Docker container" [Undecided, Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1960749

 16:19 <juliank> this is a dpkg incompleteness

 16:19 <juliank> I don't know if we can/want to fix it

 16:19 <juliank> we can probably move it to next cycle at the very least

 16:20 <juliank> basically it keeps dirs and symlinks in /usr/share/doc that should not be there

 16:20 <juliank> due to how dpkg unpacks tarballs

 16:20 <juliank> (longstanding XXX in code)

 16:21 <bdmurray> yeah, lets punt it to Krazy Kangaroo

 16:21 <juliank> yeah up to kool koala

 16:22 <bdmurray> bug 1947046

 16:22 <ubottu> Bug 1947046 in grub2 (Ubuntu) "EFI stub: ERROR: FIRMWARE BUG: kernel image not aligned on 64k boundary" [Undecided, In Progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1947046

 16:22 <bdmurray> juliank: have you seen that MP?

 16:22 <juliank> yes um that's straight to selected for development

 16:23 <juliank> we don't _need_ that code, xypron's patch also handles it, but security review so hmm

 16:23 <juliank> so I'll see if I can put it in the upload

 16:24 <bdmurray> Okay, thanks.

 16:24 <bdmurray> #link https://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ii-incoming-bug-tasks.html

 16:24 <bdmurray> bug 1959085

 16:24 <ubottu> Bug 1959085 in initramfs-tools (Ubuntu) "Ubuntu 21.10 boot stuck in initramfs" [Undecided, Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1959085

 16:25 <bdmurray> The hope is xnox will look at that

 16:25 <bdmurray> and rls-ff is just /boot partition sizing

 16:26 <bdmurray> #topic Team proposed-migration report

 16:26 <jawn-smith> o/

 16:26 <jawn-smith> glibc I'm assuming is mwhudson

 16:26 <schopin> https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs

 16:26 <jawn-smith> libselinux and libsemanage should be with the server team

 16:26 <jawn-smith> python-click was previously with mwhudson for the mailman3 issue

 16:27 <jawn-smith> it now seems to be related to something else. Does anyone know if that's still with mwhudson?

 16:27 <dbungert> I think we can assume that

 16:28 <jawn-smith> alright, time to dive into python3-defaults

 16:28 <jawn-smith> barbican was slyon

 16:28 <slyon> still with me, it's a bit tricky

 16:28 <jawn-smith> Steve had mentioned that it was a tough one

 16:29 <jawn-smith> libapache2-mod-python was alexghiti

 16:29 <slyon> going down the rabbit hole on barbican currently :)

 16:29 <alexghiti> Yes; I updated the bug report with my findings, but I have to admit that I dropped this one because it is marked server-todo

 16:30 <jawn-smith> libreoffice probably just needs a retry on armhf

 16:30 <jawn-smith> IIRC that one is known to be flakey and prone to timeouts

 16:31 <bdmurray> I can click that button

 16:31 <jawn-smith> mdanalysis, any volunteers?

 16:31 <jawn-smith> thanks bdmurray

 16:32 <jawn-smith> waveform: mdanalysis is arm64. Can you take a look?

 16:32 <bdmurray> I can look at mdanalysis with enr0n

 16:32 <jawn-smith> alexghiti: in your status last week you mentioned fixing the mosquitto autopkgtest. Was that python3.10 related?

 16:33 <jawn-smith> based on the number of failed retries on s390x this appears to be an actual issue

 16:33 <ogayot> the regression with Python 3.10 is fixed, but the package still FTBFS because of bug #1929553

 16:33 <alexghiti> Mosquitto was'nt mine :)

 16:33 <ubottu> Bug 1929553 in mosquitto (Ubuntu) "autopkgtest is very flaky on s390x" [Undecided, Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1929553

 16:33 <jawn-smith> bdmurray: thanks!

 16:34 <jawn-smith> waveform: python-clevercsv

 16:34 <waveform> jawn-smith, ack

 16:34 <jawn-smith> alexghiti: looks like you were looking into python-dugong

 16:34 <jawn-smith> you have a lot of these :)

 16:35 <alexghiti> Ok I'll look into it a bit more :)

 16:35 <jawn-smith> it looks like you looked into a few of them for +1

 16:35 <jawn-smith> If you need to pass some of them off we can definitely reassign

 16:37 <jawn-smith> python-pip is doko

 16:37 <jawn-smith> software-properties: any takers?

 16:37 <schopin> o/

 16:37 <jawn-smith> thanks schopin!

 16:38 <jawn-smith> toil and unicycler were also looked at by alexghiti during +1

 16:38 <bdmurray> schopin: FYSA the software-properties tests are very long

 16:38 <alexghiti> unicycler will be fixed when upstream will take a look at spades

 16:38 <alexghiti> toil may not support python 3.10 upstream

 16:39 <jawn-smith> okay great. Does toil have any reverse dependencies?

 16:39 <jawn-smith> and is it active upstream? can we expect 3.10 support to be added by upstream?

 16:40 <alexghiti> There is patch that fixes a few things but not everything

 16:40 <alexghiti> But I'll do a proper summary for this one too

 16:40 <doko> toil has no rdeps

 16:40 <jawn-smith> it doesn't appear to have any reverse dependencies, so we may be able to remove it from the archive for now

 16:40 <alexghiti> Ok, I'll re-check one last time before asking for removal then

 16:40 <doko> I'll remove it, if somebody files an issue, or points to a debian issue

 16:41 <jawn-smith> thanks alexghiti and doko

 16:41 <jawn-smith> That's it for python3-defaults, hooray

 16:41 <jawn-smith> libplist appears to have a regression. Any volunteers?

 16:42 <ginggs> doko: there's debian bug #1004516 for toil

 16:42 <ubottu> Debian bug 1004516 in src:cwltool, src:toil "cwltool breaks toil autopkgtest: No such file or directory: '/home/debci/tmp/tmpgxz5j85g'" [Serious, Open] https://bugs.debian.org/1004516

 16:42 <dbungert> libplist might just be a retry

 16:43 <jawn-smith> ogayot was looking into initramfs-tools vs klibc

 16:43 <ogayot> sadly haven't had time to look deep enough into that one

 16:43 <ogayot> would gladly trade it for another one though!

 16:43 <jawn-smith> I'll look into initramfs-tools vs klibc then

 16:44 <ogayot> thanks, appreciated!

 16:44 <jawn-smith> waveform: any progress on cdebconf vs kopanocore?

 16:44 <jawn-smith> It looks like cdebconf may also need a retest against glibc 2.35

 16:44 <waveform> jawn-smith, kopanocore was likely just a net timeout and probably just needs a retry; didn't have time to dig into the glibc side of it but it was 2.34 so perhaps 2.35 fixes it

 16:45 <bdmurray> I can retry glibc stuff

 16:45 <jawn-smith> thanks bdmurray

 16:45 <jawn-smith> and now for everyone's favorite: perl!

 16:46 <jawn-smith> ogayot: could  have have a look at cyrus-imapd?

 16:46 <doko> cyrus-imapd/3.4.3-3: ppc64el, I removed the binaries, so that one should be ignored

 16:46 <ogayot> sure

 16:46 <jawn-smith> never mind then!

 16:46 <doko> bdmurray: ^^^

 16:46 <jawn-smith> ogayot: how about libclass-dby-sweet-perl?

 16:46 <jawn-smith> s/dby/dbi/

 16:46 <ogayot> yes, that's a sweet name

 16:47 <jawn-smith> who still needs one?

 16:47 <dbungert> I need one

 16:47 <slyon> I can take the systemd one

 16:48 <jawn-smith> dbungert: libobject-pad-slotattr-final-perl ?

 16:48 <dbungert> ack

 16:48 <jawn-smith> ginggs: libspreadsheet-wright-perl ?

 16:49 <ginggs> sure

 16:49 <jawn-smith> thanks!

 16:53 <jawn-smith> xypron: can you take a look at libcommon-sense-perl?

 16:53 <xypron> sure

 16:53 <jawn-smith> it is FTBFS

 16:55 <jawn-smith> juliank: Can you take a look at the libobject-pad-slotattr* packages with dbungert ?

 16:55 <xypron> jawn-smith: libcommon-sense-perl is waiting for perl to build. What are you missing?

 16:56 <jawn-smith> update excuses said it had missing builds, but as that appears to be i386 only can you take a look at libcrypt-openssl-random-perl instead?

 16:57 <bdmurray> #topic AOB

 16:57 <bdmurray> Monday is a US holiday, however I'm taking tomorrow off.

 16:57 <dbungert> same

 16:58 <mclemenceau> I'll be off Monday as well

 16:58 <bdmurray> Alright, thanks everybody!

 16:58 <bdmurray> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)