== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status meeting, started by slyon, 09 Aug at 14:31 &mdash; 14:44 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2022/ubuntu-meeting.2022-08-09-14.31.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== current component mismatches ===

Discussion started by slyon at 14:33.

 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg   (slyon, 14:33)
 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg   (slyon, 14:33)

=== New MIRs ===

Discussion started by slyon at 14:34.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=NEW&field.status%3Alist=CONFIRMED&assignee_option=none&field.assignee=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (slyon, 14:34)

=== Incomplete bugs / questions ===

Discussion started by slyon at 14:37.


=== MIR related Security Review Queue ===

Discussion started by slyon at 14:40.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-security/+bugs?field.searchtext=%5BMIR%5D&assignee_option=choose&field.assignee=ubuntu-security&field.bug_reporter=&field.bug_commenter=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (slyon, 14:40)
 * ''LINK:'' https://warthogs.atlassian.net/jira/software/c/projects/SEC/boards/594   (slyon, 14:40)

=== Any other business? ===

Discussion started by slyon at 14:44.




== People present (lines said) ==

 * slyon (39)
 * cpaelzer (16)
 * sarnold (10)
 * jbicha (4)
 * joalif (4)
 * ubottu (3)
 * didrocks (3)
 * meetingology (2)



== Full log ==


 14:31 <slyon> #startmeeting Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status

 14:31 <meetingology> Meeting started at 14:31:15 UTC.  The chair is slyon.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 14:31 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 14:31 <slyon> Ping for MIR meeting - didrocks joalif slyon sarnold cpaelzer jamespage

 14:32 <jbicha> hi, I'm here from Desktop also if there is anything that needs discussion there

 14:32 <joalif> jo

 14:32 <joalif> hi

 14:33 <slyon> #topic current component mismatches

 14:33 <slyon> Mission: Identify required actions and spread the load among the teams

 14:33 <cpaelzer> FYI - back with you

 14:33 <slyon> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg

 14:33 <slyon> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg

 14:33 <slyon> -release looks fine. nothing new

 14:33 <cpaelzer> ack

 14:33 <sarnold> good morning

 14:33 <slyon> -proposed: I cannot spot anything special either.

 14:33 <cpaelzer> unaproved and stubs all over the place - but nothing new indeed slyon

 14:34 <sarnold> \o/

 14:34 <slyon> libregexp-wildcards-perl is ready. It could be promoted by any AA, to shrink that lintian tree a bit (cc @cpaelzer if you feel like)

 14:34 <slyon> #topic New MIRs

 14:34 <slyon> Mission: ensure to assign all incoming reviews for fast processing

 14:34 <slyon> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=NEW&field.status%3Alist=CONFIRMED&assignee_option=none&field.assignee=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 14:35 <slyon> bug #1983996

 14:35 <ubottu> Bug 1983996 in systemd-hwe (Ubuntu) "[MIR] systemd-hwe" [Undecided, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1983996

 14:35 <slyon> is came from foundations. should be fairly simple, as the package is mostly empty right now. joalif would you like to do the review on this one?

 14:36 <joalif> ok

 14:36 <slyon> thanks!

 14:36 <slyon> bug #1977614

 14:36 <ubottu> Bug 1977614 in fdk-aac (Ubuntu) "[MIR] fdk-aac" [Undecided, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1977614

 14:36 <jbicha> fdk-aac isn't urgent :)

 14:36 <slyon> This is new from jbicha. seems to be a lower priority MIR for the desktop team

 14:36 <slyon> I could take a look at this

 14:37 <slyon> that's all new MIRs

 14:37 <slyon> jbicha: you're still working on that editorconfig-core one, right?

 14:37 <slyon> #topic Incomplete bugs / questions

 14:37 <jbicha> I have one more new one from desktop that I'm still filling out details for today. Bug 1984104 It is wanted for kinetic

 14:37 <ubottu> Bug 1984104 in editorconfig-core (Ubuntu) "[MIR] editorconfig-core" [Undecided, Incomplete] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1984104

 14:37 <slyon> Mission: Identify required actions and spread the load among the teams

 14:37 <slyon> bug #1984104

 14:38 <slyon> that's the one ^

 14:38 <slyon> it's for desktop, so maybe cpaelzer could have a look at that one, once read? sticking to our "cross-team review" policy :)

 14:38 <cpaelzer> slyon: I've handled libregexp-wildcards-perl now

 14:39 <slyon> thanks!

 14:39 <cpaelzer> yeah if it is ready by tomorrow I can try to have a look at it

 14:39 <slyon> ty

 14:39 <cpaelzer> I keep it open and check if it then is no more incomplete

 14:40 <cpaelzer> if it is I run out of time before sprint+PTO

 14:40 <cpaelzer> then I'll leave it for next week

 14:40 <jbicha> thanks!

 14:40 <slyon> ack, sounds good

 14:40 <slyon> we don't have any other incomplete bugs

 14:40 <slyon> #topic MIR related Security Review Queue

 14:40 <slyon> Mission: Check on progress, do deadlines seem doable?

 14:40 <slyon> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-security/+bugs?field.searchtext=%5BMIR%5D&assignee_option=choose&field.assignee=ubuntu-security&field.bug_reporter=&field.bug_commenter=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 14:40 <slyon> #link https://warthogs.atlassian.net/jira/software/c/projects/SEC/boards/594

 14:40 <slyon> (internal)

 14:40 <slyon> sarnold:

 14:41 <sarnold> we've had some problems starting in on libbluray, 2/3 of us had trouble building it yesterday

 14:41 <cpaelzer> thanks for completing ipmitool btw

 14:41 <sarnold> it's not a huge problem, it's a low priority package, but mark was interested in it :) so he took a crack at it

 14:41 <cpaelzer> sarnold: since you were part of the rust-rules crew do you tihnk you could have a look at mdevctl?

 14:42 <cpaelzer> we have just landed the minor improvements we know and are updating to latest upstream

 14:42 <cpaelzer> but the security ack is what is missing

 14:42 <sarnold> and libqrtr-glib was finished :D

 14:42 <cpaelzer> and since it is a new process there might be more to find than usual

 14:42 <sarnold> cpaelzer: good point, yeah

 14:42 * cpaelzer is happy about security reviews getting finished \o/

 14:42 <sarnold> me too :D

 14:42 <sarnold> it's a lovely feeling

 14:43 <didrocks> it’s a never ending story though :p

 14:43 <sarnold> don't ruin this man, it's been a welcome change :)

 14:43 <didrocks> that doesn’t remove the fact that it’s an excellent job from the security team :)

 14:43 <slyon> indeed! kudos sarnold and team!

 14:44 <slyon> #topic Any other business?

 14:44 <cpaelzer> not from me

 14:44 <sarnold> none from he

 14:44 <didrocks> nothing either

 14:44 <cpaelzer> thanks for leading today slyon!

 14:44 <joalif> nothing either

 14:44 <slyon> sweet, thanks all!

 14:44 <slyon> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)