== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team meeting, started by jawn-smith, 23 Jun at 15:01 &mdash; 15:51 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2022/ubuntu-meeting.2022-06-23-15.01.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning Round ===

Discussion started by jawn-smith at 15:01.


=== Release incoming bugs ===

Discussion started by jawn-smith at 15:08.

 * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-kk-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs   (jawn-smith, 15:09)
 * ''LINK:'' https://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-jj-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs   (jawn-smith, 15:12)

=== Team proposed-migration report ===

Discussion started by jawn-smith at 15:36.

 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs   (jawn-smith, 15:36)
 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ginggs/ftbfs-report/test-rebuild-20220617-kinetic-kinetic.html   (slyon, 15:39)
 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ginggs/ftbfs-report/test-rebuild-20220617-kinetic-kinetic.html#foundations-bugs-team   (vorlon, 15:40)

=== AOB ===

Discussion started by jawn-smith at 15:44.




== People present (lines said) ==

 * jawn-smith (47)
 * vorlon (31)
 * bdmurray (10)
 * schopin (10)
 * slyon (9)
 * sil2100 (7)
 * ubottu (6)
 * bdrung (5)
 * juliank (5)
 * doko (4)
 * mclemenceau (3)
 * meetingology (2)
 * ginggs (2)
 * waveform (2)
 * enr0n (2)
 * paride (2)
 * xypron (1)



== Full log ==


 15:01 <jawn-smith> #startmeeting Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team

 15:01 <meetingology> Meeting started at 15:01:02 UTC.  The chair is jawn-smith.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 15:01 <ginggs> o/

 15:01 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 15:01 <jawn-smith> #topic Lightning Round

 15:01 <jawn-smith> The status is here: https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/foundation-team-updates-thursday-23-june-2022/28994

 15:01 <jawn-smith> Let's take our usual time to read and ask questions

 15:02 <jawn-smith> sil2100: Your status isn't long enough! You forgot that you reviewed some other PRs

 15:03 <mclemenceau> o/

 15:03 <jawn-smith> Should paride join these meetings?

 15:03 <bdmurray> He is in a server meeting now

 15:05 <sil2100> jawn-smith: uh oh! I blame that on writing this during meetings!

 15:05 <slyon> waveform: have there already been some preliminary results from your sd-oomd testing?

 15:05 <sil2100> ;)

 15:06 <slyon> (other than what was posted on the mailinglist)

 15:06 <waveform> slyon, not yet -- unfortunately my desktop has been bouncing between my "usual" desktop (on an SSD) and SD cards all week as part of the ff optimization work

 15:06 <slyon> ok. I guess it would be best to update the LP bug report whenever you get some additional results. TIA

 15:06 <enr0n> slyon: I have also been running with ManagedOOMSwap=auto on `-.slice`, and it has been a better experience so far.

 15:07 <waveform> will do

 15:07 <paride> bdmurray, actually server team meeting is in +25m from now, I confused it with cloud-init standup (too many of those!)

 15:07 <paride> bdmurray, so I'm around

 15:08 <jawn-smith> Okay, any other questions?

 15:08 <jawn-smith> #topic Release incoming bugs

 15:09 <jawn-smith> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-kk-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 15:09 <jawn-smith> Just one

 15:09 <sil2100> ...shit, I did forget quite a lot from my status, so updating it now still

 15:09 <jawn-smith> bug 1978487

 15:09 <ubottu> Bug 1978487 in apport (Ubuntu) "attach_journal_errors is causing a ValueError crash" [Medium, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1978487

 15:09 <sil2100> ;)

 15:09 <bdrung> Already fixed upstream, the upload to kinetic will follow shortly

 15:10 <jawn-smith> Okay great. If work is being done on it then it deserves a card

 15:10 <sil2100> \o/

 15:10 <jawn-smith> bdrung: does it already have one?

 15:10 <bdrung> no. not this apport bug.

 15:11 <bdmurray> sil2100: I guess that's an advantage to discourse - the ability to continue editing!

 15:11 <slyon> it's tagged fr-2483...

 15:11 <jawn-smith> Indeed it is

 15:11 <bdrung> ups

 15:11 <jawn-smith> excellent, let's just remove the rls-kk tag then

 15:12 <jawn-smith> I'll do that real quick

 15:12 <jawn-smith> #link https://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-jj-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 15:12 <jawn-smith> bug 1970402

 15:12 <ubottu> Bug 1970402 in initramfs-tools (Ubuntu) "Initrd out of memory error after upgrade to 22.04" [High, Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1970402

 15:13 <bdmurray> remove the tag and target it to kineitc

 15:13 <bdmurray> which I'm doing

 15:13 <jawn-smith> Thanks!

 15:13 <jawn-smith> bug 1978125

 15:13 <ubottu> Bug 1978125 in apt (Ubuntu) "apt ignoring pin/block/hold files in preferences.d for snapd" [Undecided, Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1978125

 15:13 <jawn-smith> This was discussed last week, but we wanted to hear juliank's opinion on it

 15:13 <jawn-smith> before carding it

 15:13 <bdmurray> jawn-smith: that isn't snapd specific is it?

 15:14 <juliank> ah yes I need to fix that too, I should touch that with the other thing

 15:14 <sil2100> Let's card it then

 15:14 <jawn-smith> bdmurray: that was my understanding, yes

 15:14 <jawn-smith> so mclemenceau would you mind carding that one?

 15:15 <mclemenceau> sure no problem

 15:15 <jawn-smith> thanks!

 15:15 <jawn-smith> rls-ii is empty

 15:15 <jawn-smith> so is rls-ff

 15:16 <slyon> I feel like we should also card #1970402

 15:16 <jawn-smith> oh we had a miscommunication

 15:16 <bdmurray> I agree

 15:16 <jawn-smith> let's go back to discussing bug 1970402

 15:16 <ubottu> Bug 1970402 in initramfs-tools (Ubuntu) "Initrd out of memory error after upgrade to 22.04" [High, Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1970402

 15:17 <slyon> This feels relevant for 22.04.1 so I think we should card it

 15:17 <bdmurray> Do we have an idea of how to recreate it?

 15:17 <juliank> initrd out of memory is that a dup?

 15:18 <juliank> Same as LP: #1842320

 15:18 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1842320 in OEM Priority Project "Out of Memory on boot with 5.2.0 kernel" [Critical, In Progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1842320

 15:18 <juliank> ?

 15:19 <bdmurray> so come to find out it is carded but not targetted to Jammy

 15:19 <jawn-smith> So shall we card it jammy and mark 1970402 as a duplicate?

 15:20 <juliank> do that

 15:20 <jawn-smith> err, I mean "target it to jammy"

 15:20 <jawn-smith> Who is investigating it?

 15:20 <jawn-smith> Sounds like someone on the OEM team

 15:20 <jawn-smith> schopin: you mentioned another bug you wanted to discuss

 15:20 <schopin> I also have LP: #1979639 for Jammy which was intended to show up on the report

 15:20 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1979639 in nodejs (Ubuntu Kinetic) "openssl 3.0.3-7 needs port from sid to jammy" [Undecided, Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1979639

 15:21 <slyon> I targeted it to Jammy and updated the labels on the initrd bug

 15:21 <jawn-smith> slyon: thanks!

 15:22 <schopin> so, that's a regression affecting any user of libssl1.1 on a Jammy system (due to recent changes to the default config file)

 15:23 <schopin> IMHO should be carded and selected for dev, as it not only affects packages outside of the archive, but also nodejs due to our embedded libssl1.1 there.

 15:24 <jawn-smith> So the work for this is done in kinetic

 15:24 <jawn-smith> But needs an SRU for jammy

 15:25 <jawn-smith> vorlon: opinions on fixing openssl vs fixing nodejs in jammy?

 15:25 <vorlon> oh no

 15:25 <vorlon> reading quickly

 15:26 <schopin> note that Debian has patched this because I think they still have some libssl1.1 rdeps in unstable

 15:27 <vorlon> one argument is that if we are ever going to have empty etc in Ubuntu Core, openssl should have sensible defaults that don't depend on contents of /etc/ssl/openssl.cnf

 15:27 <vorlon> (though perhaps the openssl package is not in Core)

 15:27 <vorlon> (it is)

 15:28 <vorlon> so that's an argument for fixing this in libssl3

 15:28 <schopin> I'm fairly sure libssl does not *depend* on the /etc config and can happily live without.

 15:28 <vorlon> right; it's only the openssl package which ships it

 15:28 <vorlon> of course the standard way of fixing that for empty-etc would be to ship the defaults under /usr and change the code to look there

 15:29 <vorlon> which would solve the problem for libssl1.1 in jammy but is also not a particularly SRUable change

 15:30 <vorlon> from reading the bug it's not clear to me what the bits are that are incompatible with libssl1.1, can that be laid out explicitly?

 15:31 <vorlon> the Debian bug mentions 'providers'

 15:31 <schopin> yeah, the notion of providers is new to 3.0

 15:31 <vorlon> and the in-library defaults should be sane there I think?

 15:31 <schopin> Yes they are the same as what's in the config file.

 15:32 <vorlon> opinions about libraries that choke on unknown fields in an .ini style config file notwithstanding, it seems appropriate to comment them out by default in the config file in an SRU of the openssl package

 15:33 <schopin> Alright, will do :)

 15:34 <schopin> mclemenceau: could you card this?

 15:34 <bdrung> but if you only patch openssl, then users can run into this bug when changing their openssl configuration

 15:35 <vorlon> bdrung: so you're arguing to patch both nodejs's libssl1.1 and openssl?

 15:35 <bdrung> yes, that would be the cleanest solution

 15:35 <vorlon> I think patching openssl is the priority.  I wouldn't say no to an SRU for nodejs also

 15:35 <schopin> they'll still get bit if they have another libssl1.1 hanging around anyway.

 15:35 <vorlon> ^ exactly

 15:35 <mclemenceau> thx schopin , done!

 15:36 <jawn-smith> #topic Team proposed-migration report

 15:36 <jawn-smith> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs

 15:36 <jawn-smith> vorlon:

 15:36 <vorlon> this should be quick and easy, a short list

 15:36 <vorlon> ubuntu-meta is with the desktop team

 15:37 <vorlon> python3-stdlib-extensions is not built on i386 because it's dep-wait on python3.11 which doko is presumably still working on since the new build failure is a symbols file mismatch which is what his last upload purported to fix

 15:37 <xypron> o/ greetings from NÃ¼rnberg were I visited the Embedded World fair

 15:37 <vorlon> vim is with jawn-smith

 15:37 * vorlon waves to xypron 

 15:37 <jawn-smith> Yes. I have it building, but autopkgtests still need work

 15:37 <vorlon> binutils vs gcc-12 is an autopkgtest regression.  doko I assume you will follow this through also

 15:37 <doko> yep, I have a work-around now. that's on me

 15:37 <vorlon> and usb-creator is the in-progress MIR, with excuses bugs linked in the report

 15:37 <doko> yes, analyzed, and fix pending

 15:38 <vorlon> so that's everything for right now

 15:38 <slyon> I can take care of ubs-creator, to sponsor things that are needed to get the MIR moving

 15:38 <jawn-smith> Thanks everyone for keeping that list nice and short

 15:38 <vorlon> no new tasks to assign, everybody go pick something off of https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/nbs.html to fix instead ;)

 15:38 <doko> please have a look at the gcc-12 build regressions

 15:38 <vorlon> ^ that too!

 15:39 <slyon> https://people.canonical.com/~ginggs/ftbfs-report/test-rebuild-20220617-kinetic-kinetic.html

 15:40 <jawn-smith> vorlon: do we want to hand out some of those packages in the FTBFS report?

 15:40 <vorlon> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ginggs/ftbfs-report/test-rebuild-20220617-kinetic-kinetic.html#foundations-bugs-team

 15:41 <vorlon> there's 10 packages here, so sure

 15:42 <ginggs> i think those are all retrying right now

 15:42 <vorlon> oh

 15:42 <vorlon> ok then let's not do any assignments here

 15:42 <doko> the gcc issues, for me

 15:44 <vorlon> jawn-smith: back to you

 15:44 <jawn-smith> #topic AOB

 15:44 <jawn-smith> any holidays coming up?

 15:45 <sil2100> Not for me o/

 15:45 <enr0n> I am out tomorrow (swapped this past Monday's US holiday)

 15:47 <bdmurray> Paride and I posted our status last week on Friday-ish but we'll switch to Thursday so the Foundations status can link to the Ubuntu QA one

 15:51 <bdmurray> I think that's it jawn-smith

 15:51 <jawn-smith> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)