== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status meeting, started by cpaelzer, 07 Jun at 14:31 &mdash; 14:54 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2022/ubuntu-meeting.2022-06-07-14.31.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== Review of previous action items ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 14:31.


=== current component mismatches ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 14:31.

 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg   (cpaelzer, 14:31)
 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg   (cpaelzer, 14:31)

=== New MIRs ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 14:36.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=NEW&field.status%3Alist=CONFIRMED&assignee_option=none&field.assignee=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (cpaelzer, 14:36)

=== Incomplete bugs / questions ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 14:39.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (cpaelzer, 14:39)
 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/iwd/+bug/1971739   (cpaelzer, 14:39)

=== MIR related Security Review Queue ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 14:41.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-security/+bugs?field.searchtext=%5BMIR%5D&assignee_option=choose&field.assignee=ubuntu-security&field.bug_reporter=&field.bug_commenter=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (cpaelzer, 14:41)
 * ''LINK:'' https://warthogs.atlassian.net/jira/software/c/projects/SEC/boards/594   (cpaelzer, 14:44)

=== Any other business? ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 14:45.




== People present (lines said) ==

 * cpaelzer (98)
 * sarnold (18)
 * didrocks (17)
 * slyon (13)
 * joalif (5)
 * ubottu (5)
 * meetingology (2)



== Full log ==


 14:31 <cpaelzer> #startmeeting Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status

 14:31 <meetingology> Meeting started at 14:31:21 UTC.  The chair is cpaelzer.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 14:31 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 14:31 <cpaelzer> Ping for MIR meeting - didrocks joalif slyon sarnold cpaelzer jamespage

 14:31 <cpaelzer> hello everyone

 14:31 <joalif> o/

 14:31 <cpaelzer> #topic Review of previous action items

 14:31 <cpaelzer> none

 14:31 <cpaelzer> #topic current component mismatches

 14:31 <cpaelzer> Mission: Identify required actions and spread the load among the teams

 14:31 <cpaelzer> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg

 14:31 <cpaelzer> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg

 14:32 <didrocks> hey

 14:32 <cpaelzer> libcaca->freeglut seems new

 14:32 <didrocks> it’s a packaging mistake apparently, will be fixed by next sync with Debian

 14:32 <cpaelzer> ok goo, we'll ignore it then

 14:32 <cpaelzer> aisleriot->guile-3.0 as well

 14:32 <sarnold> usb-creator -> libisoburn -> libisofs -> jigit feels new

 14:32 <cpaelzer> and finally tk -> xterm (was that a false positive, it feels known to me)

 14:33 <slyon> usb-creator has been discussed (and assigned) during last week's foundations metting. will be handled by foundations

 14:33 <sarnold> woo

 14:33 <cpaelzer> ok - thanks slyon considering that handled then

 14:33 <didrocks> tk/xterm rings a bell to me too

 14:33 <didrocks> I guess aisleriot will be on me to figure out

 14:34 <cpaelzer> ok didrocks

 14:34 <slyon> yes, tk has been around for a while

 14:34 <cpaelzer> I'm looking after tk/xterm right now if it was aknown false positive

 14:34 <sarnold> Tue 05 14:48:13 < cpaelzer> tk -> xterm was the newest false positive last week

 14:35 <cpaelzer> ok then

 14:35 <cpaelzer> we all did remember a bit, next time we will remember it better

 14:35 <sarnold> :D

 14:36 <cpaelzer> ok all assigned then

 14:36 <cpaelzer> great

 14:36 <cpaelzer> #topic New MIRs

 14:36 <cpaelzer> Mission: ensure to assign all incoming reviews for fast processing

 14:36 <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=NEW&field.status%3Alist=CONFIRMED&assignee_option=none&field.assignee=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 14:36 <cpaelzer> three

 14:36 <cpaelzer> bug 1977551

 14:36 <ubottu> Bug 1977551 in lerc (Ubuntu) "[MIR] lerc" [Undecided, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1977551

 14:36 <cpaelzer> bug 1972866

 14:36 <ubottu> Bug 1972866 in mutt (Ubuntu) "[MIR] gsasl" [Undecided, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1972866

 14:36 <cpaelzer> bug 1976405

 14:36 <ubottu> Bug 1976405 in libntlm (Ubuntu) "[MIR] libntlm" [Undecided, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1976405

 14:36 <cpaelzer> let us cross review those

 14:37 <cpaelzer> two are from foundations (the last two)

 14:37 <cpaelzer> let me pick libntlm

 14:37 <cpaelzer> anyone up for gsasl?

 14:37 <slyon> I can do lerc. It's related to the other BT codec MIR that I did 2 weeks ago

 14:37 <cpaelzer> and slyon could look at lerc

 14:37 <didrocks> I will pick lerc then

 14:37 <cpaelzer> awesome

 14:37 <cpaelzer> wait

 14:37 <didrocks> ah ok :)

 14:37 <cpaelzer> lerc = slyon, libntlm = me, gasal = didrocks ?

 14:37 <didrocks> as this was desktopish, I was on the starting block :)

 14:37 <cpaelzer> ?

 14:37 <didrocks> ack on gasal

 14:37 <sarnold> lerc is an image thing, not bluetooth?

 14:38 <slyon> sarnold: ah.. possibly :) anyway it's the only non-Foundations MIR, so its mine

 14:38 <sarnold> \o/

 14:39 <cpaelzer> good all assigned

 14:39 <cpaelzer> jamespage: joalif: you got the easy week this time :-)

 14:39 <cpaelzer> #topic Incomplete bugs / questions

 14:39 <cpaelzer> Mission: Identify required actions and spread the load among the teams

 14:39 <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 14:39 <joalif> :D

 14:39 <cpaelzer> thw IWD comment is interesting

 14:39 <cpaelzer> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/iwd/+bug/1971739

 14:40 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1971739 in iwd (Ubuntu) "[MIR] iwd" [Undecided, Incomplete]

 14:40 <cpaelzer> TL;DR bringing in IWD will not discontinue wpa_supplicant

 14:40 <cpaelzer> which I guess is fine - one still wants the better things of IWD

 14:40 <cpaelzer> but Desktop+Security needs to be aware they will most likely end up supporting both

 14:40 <slyon> ACK

 14:40 <cpaelzer> carry that to the teams please for awareness

 14:41 <didrocks> I will do

 14:41 <sarnold> ack

 14:41 <cpaelzer> and keep it in mind when reviewing - as we usually require the demotion of the alternative

 14:41 <cpaelzer> #topic MIR related Security Review Queue

 14:41 <cpaelzer> Mission: Check on progress, do deadlines seem doable?

 14:41 <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-security/+bugs?field.searchtext=%5BMIR%5D&assignee_option=choose&field.assignee=ubuntu-security&field.bug_reporter=&field.bug_commenter=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 14:41 <sarnold> ell and telegraf are in progress :D

 14:41 <cpaelzer> \o/

 14:42 <slyon> wrt. iwd: It was one of the review TODOs: "#1: descibe how/when we will be able to demote src:wpa (wpa_supplicant)"

 14:42 <cpaelzer> this is great sarnold, but ...

 14:42 <cpaelzer> Nevertheless this is filling faster than it gets drained

 14:42 <cpaelzer> have you reached out to the team to help you now instead of any panic late in the cycle

 14:43 <sarnold> yes; others have been assigned, but not yet started; I'm hopeful we will get some traction on additional ones soon

 14:43 <cpaelzer> slyon: yeah this TODO is essentially invalid by the update we got

 14:43 <cpaelzer> sarnold: ok, thanks for the info

 14:43 <cpaelzer> and now something new - first time

 14:43 <cpaelzer> This link is "internal" so not all can open it

 14:43 <slyon> yes. the "how" would be: "not at all"

 14:43 <cpaelzer> but still it will be helpful for those in the MIR team that are here

 14:44 <cpaelzer> Internal link

 14:44 <cpaelzer> - ensure your teams items are prioritized among each other as you'd expect

 14:44 <cpaelzer> - ensure community requests do not get stomped by teams calling for favors too much

 14:44 <cpaelzer> #link https://warthogs.atlassian.net/jira/software/c/projects/SEC/boards/594

 14:44 <cpaelzer> we will check this weekly

 14:44 <cpaelzer> and each of us can ensure that our teams items are in there and ranked accoridng to our needs

 14:44 <cpaelzer> helping sarnold and friends even more to pick those we need mst desparately

 14:44 <cpaelzer> -e

 14:45 <cpaelzer> if there is anything, ask sarnold here or comment on the cards

 14:45 <cpaelzer> with that being said I'd go on to

 14:45 <cpaelzer> #topic Any other business?

 14:45 <cpaelzer> I have one topic

 14:45 <sarnold> apparently they can't just be dragged and dropped around like the old trello cards, but the little bars or chevrons etc indicate priority

 14:45 <cpaelzer> I can't even count the number of times I said "Review of previous action items" -> "None"

 14:46 <cpaelzer> We are no more using those kind of actions - we use LP bugs and GH PR reviews for all that happened in the last few months

 14:47 <cpaelzer> the question I have is

 14:47 <cpaelzer> should we keep that for when it will be needed?

 14:47 <cpaelzer> or should we get rid of this - semingly useless - 10 second interrupt

 14:47 <sarnold> i'm guessing not, it feels a bit redundant for this section

 14:47 <didrocks> or maybe we can keep any questions to the AOB, yeah

 14:47 <sarnold> I think we can remove it without missing anything

 14:47 <didrocks> even if that was from previous meetings

 14:47 <didrocks> agreed

 14:47 <cpaelzer> yep

 14:47 <cpaelzer> that would be my preference

 14:47 <slyon> +1

 14:48 <cpaelzer> joalif: opposing opinions?

 14:48 <slyon> (for removing it)

 14:48 <sarnold> (sorry meetingbot)

 14:48 <joalif> nope i'm good with that

 14:48 <slyon> I have one topic, too: https://github.com/cpaelzer/ubuntu-mir/pull/11/files – suggested a small update to the wording

 14:48 <ubottu> Pull 11 in cpaelzer/ubuntu-mir "Update wording on dependency MIR check" [Open]

 14:48 <cpaelzer> action items removed - thanks everyone

 14:48 <slyon> WDYT?

 14:48 <cpaelzer> now to the PR of slyon

 14:49 <didrocks> slyon: +1 for me, especially the second line :)

 14:49 <joalif> +1

 14:49 <sarnold> +1

 14:49 <cpaelzer> sorry dleay, I still need to translate what sarnold menat with chevrons, only makes sense for me in stargate "lock in chevron six, ..."

 14:49 <cpaelzer> ok, now looking at the PR :-)

 14:50 <cpaelzer> fine for me slyon

 14:50 <cpaelzer> it is interesting that after the explanations we had you now more add further text in the RULE section above

 14:50 <cpaelzer> but I'm fine

 14:50 <cpaelzer> +1

 14:50 <cpaelzer> we have enough +1 - I'm merging this right away then

 14:51 <slyon> thanks! cpaelzer could you merge it and update the wiki, using your precious token?

 14:51 <didrocks> (do they have the 9th chevron though?)

 14:51 <sarnold> I hope our queue doesn't get deep enough to need a ninth chevron!

 14:51 <didrocks> :p

 14:52 <cpaelzer> sarnold: but if 8 gets you another galaxy where does 9 lead you

 14:52 <didrocks> or it means that you can spin of your team, but I’m sidetracking :p

 14:52 <cpaelzer> back to business - I have merged the PR

 14:52 <cpaelzer> in wiki and git

 14:52 <cpaelzer> thanks slyon

 14:53 <sarnold> oh if we could fork off a clone of the team we'd really be cooking with induction :)

 14:53 <cpaelzer> We had an induction sprint in CPH, not much cooking involved :-P

 14:53 <sarnold> lol

 14:53 <slyon> :D

 14:53 <cpaelzer> anything else or should we close for today?

 14:54 <sarnold> nothing from me

 14:54 <joalif> nothing

 14:54 <didrocks> nothing

 14:54 <cpaelzer> good

 14:54 <cpaelzer> thank you all - as always!

 14:54 <cpaelzer> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)