== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status meeting, started by cpaelzer, 11 Jan at 15:30 &mdash; 15:52 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2022/ubuntu-meeting.2022-01-11-15.30.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== Review of previous action items ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 15:32.


=== current component mismatches ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 15:32.

 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg   (cpaelzer, 15:32)
 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg   (cpaelzer, 15:32)

=== New MIRs ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 15:37.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=NEW&field.status%3Alist=CONFIRMED&assignee_option=none&field.assignee=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (cpaelzer, 15:37)
 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/libio-prompt-tiny-perl/+bug/1951065   (cpaelzer, 15:39)
 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/libset-intspan-perl/+bug/1956444   (cpaelzer, 15:39)
 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/ubuntu-advantage-desktop-daemon/+bug/1954909   (cpaelzer, 15:39)

=== Incomplete bugs / questions ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 15:42.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (cpaelzer, 15:42)

=== Any other business? ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 15:43.




== People present (lines said) ==

 * cpaelzer (90)
 * seb128 (15)
 * sarnold (9)
 * slyon (9)
 * didrocks (7)
 * ubottu (4)
 * joalif (3)
 * meetingology (2)



== Full log ==


 15:30 <cpaelzer> #startmeeting Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status

 15:30 <meetingology> Meeting started at 15:30:33 UTC.  The chair is cpaelzer.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 15:30 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 15:30 <cpaelzer> ping slyon, didrocks, sarnold, joalif, jamespage (optional: doko ddstreet) for MIR meeting

 15:31 <sarnold> good morning

 15:31 <slyon> o/

 15:31 <joalif> o/

 15:32 <cpaelzer> #topic Review of previous action items

 15:32 <cpaelzer> I added the new rule to the wiki as discussed

 15:32 <cpaelzer> nothing else

 15:32 <cpaelzer> #topic current component mismatches

 15:32 <cpaelzer> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg

 15:32 <cpaelzer> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg

 15:33 <cpaelzer> fwupd-fwupd-efi is new, but I already reviewed that this morning

 15:33 <cpaelzer> it actually can be promoted (was only a source split)

 15:33 <sarnold> woot

 15:33 <cpaelzer> didrocks: ^^ when you read this later consider acting on https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/fwupd-efi/+bug/1956768

 15:33 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1956768 in OEM Priority Project "[MIR] fwupd-efi" [High, In Progress]

 15:33 <cpaelzer> what else new do we have in here ...

 15:33 <cpaelzer> ah

 15:34 <slyon> raqm was already promoted by didier today as well \o/

 15:34 <cpaelzer> postgresql-14 -> llvm-toolchain-13 - as I promised last week I started on that

 15:34 <cpaelzer> it is in discussion who actually should own llvm

 15:34 <cpaelzer> so far it was kernel, potentially it will be foundations

 15:34 <cpaelzer> that delays this topci a bit

 15:35 <cpaelzer> I have invited a bunch of people to a meeting at the sprint, the purpuise is to give sarnold + team a clear view on "what is strictly needed to make 22.04 happen"

 15:35 <cpaelzer> This is mostly managers talk I gues,s but if you get an invite that is what it is about

 15:36 <cpaelzer> other things in component mismatches ...

 15:36 <cpaelzer> many known open cases (those waiting for security review)

 15:36 <cpaelzer> and many known false-positives

 15:36 <cpaelzer> suitesparse we talked about last week

 15:36 <cpaelzer> do I miss anything that you see in there?

 15:36 <cpaelzer> that needs acting by the MIR team?

 15:37 <sarnold> I think the rest is known oddities

 15:37 <cpaelzer> agreed

 15:37 <slyon> ack. there are some *-perl things that foundations worked on

 15:37 <slyon> but we'll get to them with the next list i guess

 15:37 <cpaelzer> ok

 15:37 <cpaelzer> #topic New MIRs

 15:37 <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=NEW&field.status%3Alist=CONFIRMED&assignee_option=none&field.assignee=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 15:38 <seb128> cpaelzer, suiteparse I had a question on #ubuntu-devel if you saw earlier

 15:38 <cpaelzer> I didn#t

 15:38 <cpaelzer> seb128: today?

 15:38 <seb128> yes, an hour ago

 15:38 <seb128> want me to copy here?

 15:38 <seb128> but I can do after the current section if you prefer

 15:38 <cpaelzer> we'll copy that in for the "other business" section at the end

 15:38 <cpaelzer> thanks for the hint seb128

 15:38 <seb128> +1

 15:38 <seb128> np!

 15:38 <cpaelzer> now to the new MIRs

 15:39 <cpaelzer> as promised by slyon some perl

 15:39 <cpaelzer> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/libio-prompt-tiny-perl/+bug/1951065

 15:39 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1951065 in libio-prompt-tiny-perl (Ubuntu) "[MIR] libio-prompt-tiny-perl" [Undecided, Confirmed]

 15:39 <cpaelzer> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/libset-intspan-perl/+bug/1956444

 15:39 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1956444 in libset-intspan-perl (Ubuntu) "[MIR] libset-intspan-perl" [Undecided, New]

 15:39 <cpaelzer> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/ubuntu-advantage-desktop-daemon/+bug/1954909

 15:39 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1954909 in ubuntu-advantage-desktop-daemon (Ubuntu) "[MIR] ubuntu-advantage-desktop-daemon" [Undecided, New]

 15:39 <cpaelzer> the last one might be more complex

 15:39 <cpaelzer> all three need to be assigned

 15:39 <cpaelzer> didrocks: said he can tkae on when reading the backlog

 15:39 <cpaelzer> I could take one of the perl bugs (busy in sprint prep)

 15:40 <cpaelzer> slyon: could I ask you for the ubuntu-advantage one

 15:40 <cpaelzer> and depending on time/urgency of that maybe even trying to schedule to do that together with joalif ?

 15:40 <slyon> yes, that'd be mine as the non-foundation MIR

 15:40 <slyon> ack

 15:40 <cpaelzer> 1951065 goes to me

 15:40 <cpaelzer> 1956444 to didier

 15:41 <cpaelzer> 1954909 to slyon and joalif

 15:41 <joalif> ack

 15:41 <cpaelzer> all security reviews go to sarnold :-P

 15:41 <sarnold> ack!

 15:42 <cpaelzer> #topic Incomplete bugs / questions

 15:42 <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 15:42 <cpaelzer> That has two recent updates

 15:42 <cpaelzer> I can talk about both

 15:42 <cpaelzer> vulkan-tools has a list of required todo's I updated the priority and some status in the bug to better reflect that

 15:43 <cpaelzer> protobuf-c was a request to re-promote an old package, but I explained that it has no owning team anymore and the old Mir was more than a decade ago

 15:43 <cpaelzer> so I asked for prepping a real 2022-style MIR

 15:43 <cpaelzer> #topic Any other business?

 15:43 <cpaelzer> I'll copy in the former messages from seb128

 15:43 <cpaelzer> <seb128> cpaelzer, hey, MIR question for you about suitesparse-graphblas ... can we get away without having to comply to tests requirements if it's a split of an existing source in main which was already lacking those?

 15:44 <cpaelzer> <seb128> cpaelzer, ideally we would improve the situation and add those but we just don't have the resources for that atm and the alternative is to keep using the oudated copy included in suitesparse but that isn't putting us in a better situation

 15:44 <cpaelzer> now I'm reading what i pasted ...

 15:44 <didrocks> o/

 15:44 <cpaelzer> seb128: to confirm, this is the following situation

 15:45 <cpaelzer> source A of non perfect quality e.g. no tests, was split into A' and B. Now B is as bad as A always was

 15:45 <seb128> yes

 15:45 <cpaelzer> I'd say overall that is no regression at least, we should use the occasion as opportunity to file and assign a bug against your team as a reminder

 15:45 <cpaelzer> but yes, I'd think having it "as-is" but from two sources is ok then

 15:46 <cpaelzer> it is better than keeping an outdated copy due to that

 15:46 <seb128> I'm writting the MIR but the tests section is going to be 'sorry no tests or autopkgtests'

 15:46 <cpaelzer> seb128: if you could outline the situation on a MIR bug, then we could review it

 15:46 <seb128> will do

 15:46 <didrocks> I’m a little bit afraid if we don’t use it as an opportunity to get things better, it means it will never be acted on, but that’s only my 2 cents :/

 15:46 <cpaelzer> seb128: if there are no ultra-fatal showstoppers we could consider all of them "Recommended TODOs for later"

 15:47 <cpaelzer> didrocks: hence I'm asking to file bugs and assign them

 15:47 <cpaelzer> not sure how good you all are at ignoring bugs filed against you :-)

 15:47 <seb128> I will at least report to Debian as wishlist in addition

 15:47 <didrocks> ack. the bugs should be assigned :)

 15:47 <cpaelzer> yes

 15:47 <seb128> but I don't see us working on adding the tests this cycle

 15:47 <cpaelzer> ok seb128

 15:47 <seb128> thanks!

 15:47 <didrocks> ah, so adding to debian without assignement is fine for you?

 15:47 <cpaelzer> the main reason I'm leaning toward "let it pass" is that keeping it outdated won't make it better either

 15:48 <seb128> didrocks, no, I meant in addition to the launchpad assigned bugs

 15:48 <didrocks> ack then :)

 15:48 <cpaelzer> seb128: I'd in addition like to see launchpad bugs assigned to desktop and links to those in the MIR bug eventually

 15:48 <cpaelzer> eventually => before we promote it

 15:48 <slyon> yes, that sounds like a reasonable path forward

 15:49 <cpaelzer> the only thing left, this is a democracy - I have stated my opinion, but I'm not a ruler here

 15:49 <cpaelzer> could we have a quick +1/0/-1 by the team on the suggested approach ^^ ?

 15:49 <cpaelzer> +1

 15:49 <slyon> +1

 15:49 <sarnold> +1 sounds good

 15:49 <didrocks> +1

 15:49 <joalif> +1

 15:49 <cpaelzer> that is a majority even with the few people we miss

 15:50 <cpaelzer> ok seb128, let that be the plan

 15:50 <seb128> cpaelzer, wfm, thank you!

 15:50 <cpaelzer> seb128: I expect to see this with a "to be assigned" MIR bug next week then right?

 15:50 <seb128> cpaelzer, correct

 15:50 <cpaelzer> great

 15:50 <cpaelzer> ok, anything else from anyone?

 15:50 <sarnold> yes

 15:50 <cpaelzer> nothing (more) from me

 15:50 <sarnold> if next week is a sprint week, will we have this meeting?

 15:51 <cpaelzer> sarnold: yes we will, this phase of the LTS is too hot and the sprint has a break at this time

 15:51 <sarnold> cpaelzer: ack, thanks

 15:51 <cpaelzer> in case I'm distracted too much please someone feel free to drive this using https://wiki.ubuntu.com/MainInclusionProcess?action=show&redirect=MIRTeam#MIR_Team_weekly_status_meeting

 15:51 <cpaelzer> but thanks for clarifying sarnold!

 15:51 <cpaelzer> anything else?

 15:52 <slyon> no

 15:52 <didrocks> nothing for me

 15:52 <sarnold> nothing else

 15:52 <cpaelzer> ok, then see you all next week

 15:52 <cpaelzer> happy reviewing

 15:52 <cpaelzer> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)