== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team meeting, started by jawn-smith, 16 Jun at 15:02 &mdash; 15:40 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2022/ubuntu-meeting.2022-06-16-15.02.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning Round ===

Discussion started by jawn-smith at 15:02.


=== Release incoming bugs ===

Discussion started by jawn-smith at 15:10.

 * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-kk-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs   (jawn-smith, 15:10)
 * ''LINK:'' https://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-jj-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs   (jawn-smith, 15:18)

=== Team proposed-migration report ===

Discussion started by jawn-smith at 15:28.

 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs   (jawn-smith, 15:28)

=== AOB ===

Discussion started by jawn-smith at 15:38.




== People present (lines said) ==

 * jawn-smith (64)
 * bdmurray (17)
 * enr0n (6)
 * ubottu (5)
 * meetingology (2)
 * waveform (2)
 * mclemenceau (2)
 * schopin (1)
 * alexghiti (1)
 * ogayot (1)



== Full log ==


 15:02 <jawn-smith> #startmeeting Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team

 15:02 <meetingology> Meeting started at 15:02:13 UTC.  The chair is jawn-smith.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 15:02 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 15:02 <jawn-smith> #topic Lightning Round

 15:02 <jawn-smith> The status is here: https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/foundation-team-updates-thursday-16-june-2022/28832/3

 15:03 <jawn-smith> Let's take our usual time to go over and ask questions

 15:07 <jawn-smith> enr0n: that email thread has gotten really long, is there a plan for the oomd issue?

 15:07 * waveform is currently testing the tweak that slyon requested in the associated ticket

 15:07 <enr0n> It's been my priority all week. I have patches for oomd that I will try to upstream

 15:07 <jawn-smith> neat

 15:08 <enr0n> But I do not know about the SRU-ability of them.

 15:08 <enr0n> And yes, slyon asked people to try my other suggestion (option 3 from first mail I think), so hopefully that helps too

 15:09 <jawn-smith> okay, any other questions?

 15:10 <jawn-smith> #topic Release incoming bugs

 15:10 <jawn-smith> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-kk-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 15:11 <jawn-smith> bug 1972159

 15:11 <ubottu> Bug 1972159 in systemd (Ubuntu) "systemd-oomd frequently kills firefox and visual studio code" [High, Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1972159

 15:11 <bdmurray> Well that surely needs a card

 15:11 <jawn-smith> I'm going to take a guess that there's actually already a card for this work

 15:11 <jawn-smith> enr0n: is that correct?

 15:12 <bdmurray> Regarding the SRU-ability of systemd I got the impresseion v_orlon is keen to see it fixed

 15:12 <enr0n> jawn-smith: you have too much faith in me

 15:12 <enr0n> We should card that and assign it to me

 15:12 <jawn-smith> alright, mclemenceau do you mind carding that?

 15:13 <mclemenceau> yes

 15:13 <jawn-smith> Thanks!

 15:13 <jawn-smith> bug 1977564

 15:13 <ubottu> Bug 1977564 in wireplumber (Ubuntu) "wireplumber conflicts with pipewire-media-session & needs fixing" [High, Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1977564

 15:13 <jawn-smith> I think we discussed this last week?

 15:13 * jawn-smith reads logs

 15:13 <bdmurray> that's with desktop

 15:14 <jawn-smith> right, thanks

 15:14 <bdmurray> the casper one laready has a card

 15:14 <jawn-smith> the rls-kk tag should be removed then right?

 15:14 <bdmurray> I just did that

 15:14 <bdmurray> But yes

 15:14 <jawn-smith> thanks!

 15:14 <jawn-smith> bug 1978487

 15:14 <ubottu> Bug 1978487 in apport (Ubuntu) "attach_journal_errors is create a ValueError crash" [Undecided, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1978487

 15:15 <bdmurray> That's a follow up crash to a card we fixed a wee bit ago

 15:15 <bdmurray> s/fixed/completed/

 15:15 <bdmurray> So should be sorted

 15:15 <jawn-smith> who would be the appropriate person to work this?

 15:15 <bdmurray> Somebody who's nick starts with bd

 15:16 <jawn-smith> mclemenceau: can we card this one as well?

 15:16 <jawn-smith> and assign it to somebody named bd ?

 15:16 <mclemenceau> ahah that works

 15:17 <bdmurray> I'm not sure when I would get to it but the desktop team was keen to see the right JournalErrors being captured

 15:17 <jawn-smith> Sounds like it wouldn't sit in backlog so let's proceed with the carding

 15:18 <jawn-smith> #link https://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-jj-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 15:18 <jawn-smith> The first two have already been discussed

 15:18 <jawn-smith> bug 1978125

 15:18 <ubottu> Bug 1978125 in apt (Ubuntu) "apt ignoring pin/block/hold files in preferences.d for snapd" [Undecided, Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1978125

 15:18 <bdmurray> I don't think this is snapd specific but it isn't entirely clear to me

 15:19 <bdmurray> j_uliank mentioned it in his status report as "phased updates related regression" which sounds generic

 15:19 <jawn-smith> perhaps we should leave this in the rls-jj queue until he's back?

 15:19 <bdmurray> retitling the bug would have been helpful

 15:20 <bdmurray> I'd say leave it

 15:20 <jawn-smith> will do

 15:20 <jawn-smith> bug 1978079

 15:20 <ubottu> Bug 1978079 in systemd (Ubuntu) "EFI pstore not cleared on boot" [Undecided, In Progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1978079

 15:20 <enr0n> I tagged this one after following the upstream discussion. Another person has since then assigned themselves to this

 15:20 <jawn-smith> Is an upstream bugfix

 15:22 <jawn-smith> so shall we give them an opportunity to fix it?

 15:22 <jawn-smith> That seems like the plan. enr0n can you remove the tags?

 15:25 <jawn-smith> or would you rather leave them to make sure this doesn't get forgotten?

 15:27 <jawn-smith> Looks like we've decided to card it

 15:28 <jawn-smith> rls-ii is empty

 15:28 <jawn-smith> and rls-ff is just the systemd EFI pstore bug we just discussed

 15:28 <jawn-smith> #topic Team proposed-migration report

 15:28 <jawn-smith> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs

 15:28 <jawn-smith> dash was with doko if I recall correctly

 15:28 <jawn-smith> any progress?

 15:28 <bdmurray> We should stop looking at rls-ii given its immenient EOL

 15:29 <jawn-smith> ^ sounds great

 15:29 <schopin> shouldn't we wait for the actual EOL before doing so?

 15:30 <jawn-smith> doko will continue working that

 15:30 <jawn-smith> mutt is pending some MIRs

 15:30 <jawn-smith> I got some feedback that the one MIR has some TODO tasks, which I will do this week

 15:32 <jawn-smith> usb-creator was with alexghiti

 15:33 <alexghiti> Yes, the 2 MIRs are under review, Steve sponsored one of the 2 packages

 15:33 <jawn-smith> awesome, moving on

 15:33 <jawn-smith> aptdaemon was with bdrung, but it looks like a different regression

 15:34 <jawn-smith> I'll assume bdrung is still working this and will read this backlog

 15:35 <jawn-smith> ubuntu-meta is still with the desktop team

 15:35 <jawn-smith> everything else appears to be new for this week

 15:36 <jawn-smith> glib2.0 vs libgtkada

 15:36 <jawn-smith> any volunteers?

 15:36 <bdmurray> schopin: Okay, you are correct we should keep looking at the impish list in case there is a critical bug report that comes up

 15:37 <jawn-smith> ogayot: glib2.0 vs libgtkada?

 15:37 <ogayot> jawn-smith: ack

 15:37 <jawn-smith> thanks!

 15:37 <jawn-smith> waveform: python3-stdlib-extensions?

 15:37 <waveform> ack

 15:37 <jawn-smith> and lastly is vim

 15:38 <jawn-smith> alright I'll take vim

 15:38 <jawn-smith> #topic AOB

 15:39 <jawn-smith> Monday is a US holiday

 15:39 <jawn-smith> Embedded world is next week

 15:40 <jawn-smith> anything else?

 15:40 <jawn-smith> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)