== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status meeting, started by cpaelzer, 02 Aug at 14:33 &mdash; 14:51 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2022/ubuntu-meeting.2022-08-02-14.33.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== current component mismatches ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 14:34.

 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg   (cpaelzer, 14:34)
 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg   (cpaelzer, 14:34)

=== New MIRs ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 14:37.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=NEW&field.status%3Alist=CONFIRMED&assignee_option=none&field.assignee=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (cpaelzer, 14:37)

=== Incomplete bugs / questions ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 14:44.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (cpaelzer, 14:44)

=== MIR related Security Review Queue ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 14:47.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-security/+bugs?field.searchtext=%5BMIR%5D&assignee_option=choose&field.assignee=ubuntu-security&field.bug_reporter=&field.bug_commenter=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (cpaelzer, 14:47)
 * ''LINK:'' https://warthogs.atlassian.net/jira/software/c/projects/SEC/boards/594   (cpaelzer, 14:47)

=== Any other business? ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 14:51.




== People present (lines said) ==

 * cpaelzer (76)
 * slyon (17)
 * sarnold (9)
 * didrocks (4)
 * coreycb (3)
 * meetingology (2)
 * ubottu (1)



== Full log ==


 14:33 <cpaelzer> #startmeeting Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status

 14:33 <meetingology> Meeting started at 14:33:22 UTC.  The chair is cpaelzer.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 14:33 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 14:33 <cpaelzer> Ping for MIR meeting - didrocks joalif slyon sarnold cpaelzer jamespage

 14:33 <cpaelzer> hello MIR party people

 14:33 <cpaelzer> a few have already said hello before I started the logging, so we can start right away

 14:34 <cpaelzer> #topic current component mismatches

 14:34 <cpaelzer> Mission: Identify required actions and spread the load among the teams

 14:34 <cpaelzer> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg

 14:34 <cpaelzer> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg

 14:34 <cpaelzer> nothing new in non-proposed

 14:34 <slyon> nothing new AFAICT.

 14:34 <slyon> is python-jsonschema already handled?

 14:34 <cpaelzer> lintian continue trying to grow the biggest possible tree :-)

 14:35 <slyon> wrt. lintian graham started the work on the debian-perl MIRs and i'm currently working with olivier to resolve the libregexp-wildcards autopkgtest

 14:35 <cpaelzer> slyon: last week jamespage said he will have a look

 14:35 <slyon> the discussion with the Debian mantainer was negative, so we'll stick with libregexp-wildcards-perl

 14:35 <slyon> ok

 14:35 <cpaelzer> ok wildcards it will be

 14:36 <cpaelzer> then IIRC just add the automated perl autopkgtest

 14:36 <cpaelzer> and it should be ready to go

 14:36 <slyon> ack

 14:36 <sarnold> I lost scrollback so I'm not sure if we've discussed python-jsonschema and its children or not

 14:36 <cpaelzer> jamespage: coreycb: we will continue to leave python-jsonschema  -> webcolors / rfc3987 to you then

 14:36 <cpaelzer> sarnold: yes jamespage said he'll take a look

 14:36 <sarnold> \o/

 14:36 <cpaelzer> might as well be ongoing already without us being aware of details

 14:36 <cpaelzer> next ...

 14:37 <cpaelzer> #topic New MIRs

 14:37 <cpaelzer> Mission: ensure to assign all incoming reviews for fast processing

 14:37 <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=NEW&field.status%3Alist=CONFIRMED&assignee_option=none&field.assignee=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 14:37 <cpaelzer> wpe ... again?

 14:37 <sarnold> finished :D

 14:37 <cpaelzer> oh back from security - nice

 14:37 <cpaelzer> let us checkt he right next state

 14:38 <slyon> nice, double ACK

 14:38 <cpaelzer> both got a security ack

 14:38 <coreycb> cpaelzer: are those in excuses?

 14:38 <cpaelzer> coreycb: they are in https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg

 14:38 <cpaelzer> so they should as well be in excuses I guess

 14:38 <coreycb> thanks

 14:39 <cpaelzer> hmm

 14:39 <cpaelzer> they are not

 14:39 <cpaelzer> odd

 14:39 <cpaelzer> coreycb: https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses.html#python-jsonschema

 14:40 <sarnold> so, should we change both from new -> in progress? or is there a better next step?

 14:40 <cpaelzer> bunch of test issues still

 14:40 <slyon> sarnold: yes. In progress would be the correct status

 14:40 <coreycb> I was working through jsonschema issues with sahara yesterday so maybe similar

 14:40 <cpaelzer> yes coreycb

 14:40 <slyon> for the desktop team to pull the trigger and upload the change that pulls it into main

 14:40 <cpaelzer> ok back to wpe then

 14:41 <cpaelzer> both mostly missed tests

 14:41 <cpaelzer> which got flagged as recommended todo

 14:41 <cpaelzer> Desktop team has filed upstream bugs to add tests in the first place

 14:41 <didrocks> which is an issue with a lot of desktop packages TBH, upstream lack testing spirit

 14:41 <cpaelzer> and tests it (once merged) as part of high level tests where this lib is used

 14:42 <cpaelzer> so I guess this is actually ready for promotion if the team has subscribed already

 14:43 <didrocks> no team subscription, but I think we can let seb128 who will probably handle the promotion, doing both

 14:43 <slyon> should we assign it to seb then?

 14:43 <didrocks> yeah, that would make sense

 14:44 <cpaelzer> I have done so

 14:44 <cpaelzer> and added a clarifying update

 14:44 <cpaelzer> thereby new bugs are depleted

 14:44 <cpaelzer> going on

 14:44 <cpaelzer> #topic Incomplete bugs / questions

 14:44 <cpaelzer> Mission: Identify required actions and spread the load among the teams

 14:44 <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 14:44 <cpaelzer> wildcards we already mentioned above

 14:45 <slyon> vulkan-tools got a security NACK

 14:45 <cpaelzer> see it

 14:45 <cpaelzer> interesting

 14:45 <cpaelzer> not seen one in a while

 14:45 <cpaelzer> I'll read that later once (if?) I have time

 14:46 <cpaelzer> all other updates are older - or is the lintian -*-perl one new still ...

 14:46 <didrocks> seems itâ€™s really on the lack of maintainance

 14:46 <slyon> no, lintian -*-perl just got a tracking update

 14:46 <cpaelzer> no update substantial in the lintian*perl bug

 14:47 <cpaelzer> #topic MIR related Security Review Queue

 14:47 <cpaelzer> Mission: Check on progress, do deadlines seem doable?

 14:47 <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-security/+bugs?field.searchtext=%5BMIR%5D&assignee_option=choose&field.assignee=ubuntu-security&field.bug_reporter=&field.bug_commenter=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 14:47 <cpaelzer> Internal link

 14:47 <cpaelzer> - ensure your teams items are prioritized among each other as you'd expect

 14:47 <cpaelzer> - ensure community requests do not get stomped by teams calling for favors too much

 14:47 <cpaelzer> #link https://warthogs.atlassian.net/jira/software/c/projects/SEC/boards/594

 14:47 <cpaelzer> sarnold: I need https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/mdevctl/+bug/1942394 in that board to prioritize it

 14:47 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1942394 in mdevctl (Ubuntu) "[MIR] mdevctl 1.0.0 (rust switch)" [Undecided, New]

 14:47 <slyon> cpaelzer: actually the vulkan NACK seems to be for Bionic only

 14:47 <sarnold> cpaelzer: ack!

 14:47 <slyon> others are still TDB

 14:48 <cpaelzer> slyon: yeah, but that is fine

 14:48 <cpaelzer> slyon: (for here) we only need to identify things we can and should act on

 14:48 <slyon> okay

 14:48 <slyon> so that's back to your team to decide how to proceed

 14:48 <cpaelzer> slyon: vulkan you mean - yeah

 14:48 <slyon> yes

 14:48 <cpaelzer> sarnold: that is the outcome of all our rust talk

 14:48 <sarnold> cpaelzer: https://warthogs.atlassian.net/browse/SEC-1214

 14:49 <cpaelzer> sarnold: it was given an ok on the MIR review, we work on the recommended TODOs already

 14:49 <cpaelzer> thanks

 14:49 <cpaelzer> bumped and commented

 14:50 <sarnold> unfortunately, chrisccoulson wasn't able to get to nullboot before he went on PTO, it'll be a while before that one can get some traction

 14:50 <cpaelzer> we have ~3 weeks to feature freeze

 14:50 <cpaelzer> if you see any of those tagged for FF being expected to be a miss could you let us know next week

 14:50 <sarnold> but iwd, ell, wpe*, have made progress; vulkan-tools NAK, ipmitool is very nearly done (NAK)

 14:50 <cpaelzer> then we can file FFE bugs for them

 14:51 <cpaelzer> and in general - I really do see and appreciate the steady security review progress nowadays

 14:51 <sarnold> amazing how time flies :( yeah, sounds like a good idea

 14:51 <cpaelzer> \o/

 14:51 <cpaelzer> ok next is AOB

 14:51 <cpaelzer> #topic Any other business?

 14:51 <cpaelzer> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)