== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team meeting, started by jawn-smith, 08 Dec at 16:00 &mdash; 16:40 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2022/ubuntu-meeting.2022-12-08-16.00.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

 * ''LINK:'' https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/foundations-team-updates-thursday-8-december-2022/32576   (jawn-smith, 16:01)

=== Release incoming bugs ===

Discussion started by jawn-smith at 16:08.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bazaar.launchpad.net/~daisy-pluckers/error-tracker-deployment/test-crashes/revision/97 -> using an internal method sounds wrong to me. Recently I added a "no UI" UI object for rejecting all questions.  (bdrung, 16:08)
 * ''LINK:'' https://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ll-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs   (jawn-smith, 16:08)
 * ''LINK:'' https://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-kk-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs   (jawn-smith, 16:11)
 * ''LINK:'' https://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-jj-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs   (jawn-smith, 16:12)

=== proposed-migration ===

Discussion started by jawn-smith at 16:23.

 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs   (jawn-smith, 16:23)

=== AOB ===

Discussion started by jawn-smith at 16:35.




== People present (lines said) ==

 * jawn-smith (44)
 * vorlon (39)
 * bdmurray (12)
 * juliank (11)
 * bdrung (4)
 * ginggs (4)
 * meetingology (2)
 * slyon (2)
 * danilogondolfo (2)
 * samirkamerkar (1)
 * dbungert (1)
 * waveform (1)
 * enr0n (1)
 * adrien (1)
 * jbicha (1)



== Full log ==


 16:00 <jawn-smith> #startmeeting Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team

 16:00 <meetingology> Meeting started at 16:00:54 UTC.  The chair is jawn-smith.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 16:00 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 16:01 <jawn-smith> The weekly status is here:

 16:01 <jawn-smith> #link https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/foundations-team-updates-thursday-8-december-2022/32576

 16:01 <jawn-smith> Let's take our usual time to read and ask questions

 16:03 <bdrung> bdmurray, can you point me to the code of apport-test? Should we add some API test cases to avoid future breakage?

 16:04 <bdmurray> bdrung: https://code.launchpad.net/~daisy-pluckers/error-tracker-deployment/test-crashes

 16:08 <jawn-smith> #topic Release incoming bugs

 16:08 <bdrung> https://bazaar.launchpad.net/~daisy-pluckers/error-tracker-deployment/test-crashes/revision/97 -> using an internal method sounds wrong to me. Recently I added a "no UI" UI object for rejecting all questions.

 16:08 <jawn-smith> #link https://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ll-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 16:08 <jawn-smith> bug 1998095

 16:09 <bdmurray> bdrung: I didn't feel great about that change

 16:09 <jawn-smith> Ah yes, we wanted to ask vorlon about this

 16:10 <vorlon> if you're asking me, I don't see any reason we would want to keep the older implementation

 16:10 <juliank> do it

 16:10 <slyon> ack

 16:10 <jawn-smith> so would pkg-config get demoted?

 16:10 <vorlon> the interfaces are all-in-all pretty stable and I don't have any particular attachment to the old implementation

 16:10 <jawn-smith> or both in main?

 16:10 <juliank> jawn-smith: remove from archive?

 16:10 <jawn-smith> even better

 16:10 <juliank> or demote

 16:11 <vorlon> pkg-config will be a removal as soon as pkgconf is clear

 16:11 <vorlon> (Debian has already removed it from unstable)

 16:11 <juliank> ack

 16:11 <juliank> also hooray

 16:11 <jawn-smith> #link https://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-kk-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 16:11 <jawn-smith> bug 1842439

 16:11 <jawn-smith> This is the one that's been with desktop for a while

 16:12 <jawn-smith> bdmurray: you mentioned a desktop sync meeting at which you could bring this up?

 16:12 <juliank> no news on the bug

 16:12 <bdmurray> yes

 16:12 <jawn-smith> Great, thanks bdmurray

 16:12 <jawn-smith> That's it for kk

 16:12 <jawn-smith> light on bugs this week

 16:12 <jawn-smith> #link https://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-jj-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 16:12 <jawn-smith> bug 1965094

 16:13 <jawn-smith> IIRC this is also with desktop?

 16:13 <bdmurray> no that's kernel team

 16:13 <jawn-smith> Still nothing to do for us?

 16:14 <bdmurray> Unless julian knows how to fix it

 16:14 <jawn-smith> Okay, moving on

 16:14 <bdmurray> There are 1000s of crashes so I'd rather just get it sorted

 16:14 <jawn-smith> oh, not moving on

 16:14 <jawn-smith> juliank: do you know how to fix it?

 16:14 <juliank> I haven't looked

 16:15 <juliank> should be fine yeah

 16:15 <bdmurray> We can move on

 16:15 <jawn-smith> Okay thanks

 16:15 <jawn-smith> bug 1992369

 16:15 <jawn-smith> danilogondolfo: you were working on this one right?

 16:16 <danilogondolfo> yes, it appears to be a problem with the font build system, rebuilding the package on kinetic and lunar fixes the font

 16:16 <jawn-smith> But not jammy

 16:16 <jawn-smith> so we might need to SRU fontforge?

 16:17 <vorlon> unrelated to the emoji font toolchain sru that just happened?

 16:17 <vorlon> yeah shouldn't build-dep on that, but does b-d on fontforge

 16:20 <bdmurray> It sounds like the bug is only visible when a user has a specific configuration so I don't think its worth SRU'ing

 16:21 <bdmurray> Let's move on

 16:21 <jawn-smith> Should we keep the tag? Or should it be removed?

 16:22 <bdmurray> rls-jj-notfixing

 16:22 <bdmurray> I'll do it

 16:23 <juliank> bdmurray: so bug 1965094 is a dup of 1964880 and got fixed, so I remembered correctly

 16:23 <jawn-smith> Great, moving on

 16:23 <jawn-smith> #topic proposed-migration

 16:23 <jawn-smith> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs

 16:23 <jawn-smith> vorlon:

 16:24 <vorlon> only 146 packages needing attention

 16:24 <vorlon> so I'll try to assign 1 to everyone present and move on

 16:24 <jawn-smith> oh vpa mentioned he would work on java-common

 16:25 <ginggs> nothing to do for node-jquery or python3-defaults

 16:25 <vorlon> ginggs: does that mean you're already solving node-jquery? not obvious to me that there's nothing to do

 16:26 <vorlon> java-common: vpa<tab>

 16:26 <ginggs> there's a test in the queue waiting to run

 16:26 <vorlon> anything listed as 'Depends on perl' we should skip

 16:26 <vorlon> ginggs: ack

 16:26 <vorlon> libfilesys-df-perl: autopkgtest regression, I'll skip those as well because I'm still in the process of retrying them with necessary options

 16:27 <vorlon> cryptsetup blocking vim

 16:27 <vorlon> this might be fixed by vpa's work, and needs retry now?

 16:27 <vorlon> jawn-smith to retry

 16:27 <vorlon> cryptsetup: jawn-smith

 16:28 <vorlon> jawn-smith: do you also want to look at the vim-ultisnips autopkgtest failure against vim?

 16:28 <jawn-smith> Sure

 16:28 <vorlon> thanks

 16:28 <vorlon> apt vs postgresql-debversion, might just need --all-proposed test retry. juliank ?

 16:28 <samirkamerkar> I believe vpa has looked at cryptsetup as well

 16:28 <juliank> vorlon: hmm it should try all-proposed automatically shouldn't it?

 16:28 <juliank> it does sometimes

 16:29 <vorlon> juliank: there's a fallback on uninstallability to try to install from -proposed.  Can you take it to look into?

 16:30 <vorlon> jawn-smith: and then there's a run of other packages blocked by cryptsetup autopkgtests, which is almost certainly the test progression rather than a regression. Do you want to take them all? (json-c, popt, libjson-perl)

 16:30 <vorlon> debianutils vs mysql-8.0: adrien can you take this?

 16:30 <jawn-smith> vorlon: sure

 16:30 <vorlon> expat vs pypy: bdrung ?

 16:30 <vorlon> init-system-helpers: bdmurray ?

 16:31 <vorlon> libffi vs pypy: dbungert ?

 16:31 <dbungert> vorlon: ack for libffi vs pypy

 16:31 <bdmurray> Sure I was looking at init-system-helpers yesterday

 16:31 <bdrung> yes, i can look into expat and pypy

 16:31 <vorlon> lv4 vs mysql-8.0 and python-lz4: danilogondolfo ?

 16:32 <danilogondolfo> vorlon: ack

 16:32 <vorlon> sorry, that's l*z*4

 16:32 <vorlon> lz4 vs mysql-8.0 and python-lz4: danilogondolfo

 16:32 <vorlon> popt vs gdisk and svox: waveform ?

 16:32 <waveform> vorlon, avk

 16:32 <vorlon> psycopg2 vs pg-partman: ginggs ?

 16:32 <ginggs> sure

 16:32 <vorlon> pycairo vs comitup: doko ?

 16:33 <vorlon> python-dateutil vs cloudkitty, pcs: enr0n ?

 16:33 <vorlon> and I think that gives everyone one who needs one

 16:34 <vorlon> jawn-smith: fwiw a `retry-autopkgtest-regressions --all-proposed | grep '=cryptsetup%2F'`, like I talked about on the mailing list, is probably the quickest way to clear all related failures

 16:34 <jawn-smith> sweet, thanks

 16:35 <vorlon> and that's it for proposed-migration then

 16:35 <vorlon> jawn-smith:

 16:35 <jawn-smith> #topic AOB

 16:35 <enr0n> vorlon: can do

 16:35 <adrien> vorlon: sure

 16:35 <jawn-smith> only one more of these meetings this year

 16:35 <vorlon> not for me, this is my last for the year :)

 16:35 <jawn-smith> Any extended absences coming up?

 16:35 <jawn-smith> I'll be off tomorrow in the morning and all of Dec 16

 16:35 <vorlon> I'm EOY tomorrow

 16:35 <slyon> I'll be EOY on Tuesday

 16:35 <bdrung> bdmurray, regarding test-crashes: Since apport commit f8edc7280d492e710218c193e53542f1f86cfa91 you can use r.add_hooks_info(apport.ui.NoninteractiveHookUI())

 16:35 <ginggs> i'm also out on december 16

 16:36 <jbicha> there's also bug 1998970 for proposed-migration

 16:40 <jawn-smith> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)