== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status meeting, started by cpaelzer, 25 Jan at 15:29 &mdash; 15:51 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2022/ubuntu-meeting.2022-01-25-15.29.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== current component mismatches ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 15:31.

 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg   (cpaelzer, 15:31)
 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg   (cpaelzer, 15:31)

=== New MIRs ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 15:34.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=NEW&field.status%3Alist=CONFIRMED&assignee_option=none&field.assignee=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (cpaelzer, 15:34)
 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/protobuf-c/+bug/1956617   (cpaelzer, 15:35)
 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/frr/+bug/1951834   (cpaelzer, 15:36)
 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/libyang2/+bug/1958293   (cpaelzer, 15:36)

=== Incomplete bugs / questions ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 15:40.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (cpaelzer, 15:40)

=== MIR related Security Review Queue ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 15:44.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-security/+bugs?field.searchtext=%5BMIR%5D&assignee_option=choose&field.assignee=ubuntu-security&field.bug_reporter=&field.bug_commenter=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (cpaelzer, 15:44)

=== Any other business? ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 15:45.

 * ''LINK:'' https://github.com/cpaelzer/ubuntu-mir/pull/6   (cpaelzer, 15:45)
 * ''LINK:'' https://github.com/cpaelzer/ubuntu-mir/pull/7   (cpaelzer, 15:45)
 * ''LINK:'' https://github.com/cpaelzer/ubuntu-mir/pull/8   (cpaelzer, 15:45)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * cpaelzer (70)
 * slyon (11)
 * didrocks (9)
 * sarnold (8)
 * ubottu (8)
 * joalif (6)
 * meetingology (2)
 * jamespage (2)



== Full log ==


 15:29 <cpaelzer> #startmeeting Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status

 15:29 <meetingology> Meeting started at 15:29:52 UTC.  The chair is cpaelzer.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 15:29 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 15:29 <cpaelzer> ping slyon, didrocks, sarnold, joalif, jamespage for MIR meeting

 15:30 <joalif> o/

 15:30 <cpaelzer> no previous logged actions to review

 15:30 <didrocks> hey!

 15:30 <slyon> o/

 15:31 <cpaelzer> #topic current component mismatches

 15:31 <cpaelzer> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg

 15:31 <cpaelzer> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg

 15:31 <jamespage> o/

 15:31 <cpaelzer> I see one new thing which is mesa -> llvm-toolchain-13

 15:31 <sarnold> good morning

 15:31 <cpaelzer> which is slightly odd since we just had that with postgresql

 15:32 <cpaelzer> But either way doko is tasked by mclemenceau to process and promote it

 15:32 <cpaelzer> didrocks: worth for you to know I guess

 15:32 <didrocks> yeah, if doko is going to promote it, no action I guess?

 15:33 <cpaelzer> other than maybe chasing doko - no :-)

 15:33 <didrocks> heh :)

 15:33 <cpaelzer> eventually it is a new version

 15:34 <cpaelzer> that usually isn't even worth any process

 15:34 <cpaelzer> so you (didrocks) being an AA might consider promoting it if nothing happens from doko as he might have no time for it

 15:34 <cpaelzer> sugegstion: if we see it two more weeks then you could promote it didrocks

 15:34 <cpaelzer> #topic New MIRs

 15:34 <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=NEW&field.status%3Alist=CONFIRMED&assignee_option=none&field.assignee=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 15:35 <didrocks> cpaelzer: ack

 15:35 <cpaelzer> ok, there are 4

 15:35 <cpaelzer> looking for reviewers for ...

 15:35 <cpaelzer> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/protobuf-c/+bug/1956617

 15:35 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1956617 in protobuf-c (Ubuntu) "[MIR] protobuf-c" [Undecided, New]

 15:35 <cpaelzer> now signed up by foundations

 15:36 <cpaelzer> I could review that

 15:36 <cpaelzer> now two by the server team which belong together

 15:36 <cpaelzer> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/frr/+bug/1951834

 15:36 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1951834 in frr (Ubuntu) "[MIR]: frr" [Undecided, New]

 15:36 <cpaelzer> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/libyang2/+bug/1958293

 15:36 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1958293 in libyang2 (Ubuntu) "[MIR]: libyang2" [Undecided, New]

 15:36 <cpaelzer> it is important to know that FRR is a fork of quaggy which is in main

 15:36 <cpaelzer> quagga

 15:37 <cpaelzer> volunteers ?

 15:37 <didrocks> sounds a little bit big, but I can make some time for it

 15:37 <cpaelzer> do you want the lib or frr itself didrocks?

 15:38 <didrocks> frr is big, I would like someone else to do the lib if possible

 15:38 <didrocks> if not, I will take both

 15:38 <cpaelzer> joalif: how about libyang2 for you then?

 15:38 <joalif> yes I could do that

 15:38 <cpaelzer> and then there is https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+bug/1958109

 15:38 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1958109 in OEM Priority Project "[MIR] v4l2-relayd" [High, In Progress]

 15:39 <slyon> I guess that leaves e2l2-relayd for me :)

 15:39 <slyon> v4l2-relayd*

 15:39 <cpaelzer> yeah

 15:40 <cpaelzer> jamespage: if joalif would need help on libyang2 would you be around this week to help?

 15:40 <cpaelzer> that way each of us gets something :-)

 15:40 <jamespage> yep

 15:40 <joalif> thanks :)

 15:40 <cpaelzer> great

 15:40 <cpaelzer> all assigned then

 15:40 <cpaelzer> #topic Incomplete bugs / questions

 15:40 <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 15:40 <sarnold> hrm, what's the .tar.xz and .dsc files attached to that v4l2-relayd?

 15:41 <cpaelzer> sarnold: oO

 15:41 <cpaelzer> this isn't even inth e archive yet

 15:41 <cpaelzer> the tarballs are probably there to show the full content

 15:41 <sarnold> d'oh

 15:42 <sarnold> I missed that it wasn't attached to a package

 15:42 <cpaelzer> slyon: can probably expect some non matured packaging on that

 15:42 <slyon> yea, we might need some more iterations on that one

 15:43 <cpaelzer> recent updates on  libio-prompt-tiny-perl , rustc and  ledmon

 15:43 <cpaelzer> ledmon is cancelled

 15:43 <cpaelzer> the other two have updates but none needs action by us atm

 15:44 <cpaelzer> #topic MIR related Security Review Queue

 15:44 <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-security/+bugs?field.searchtext=%5BMIR%5D&assignee_option=choose&field.assignee=ubuntu-security&field.bug_reporter=&field.bug_commenter=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 15:44 <slyon> libio-prompt-tiny-perl should be resolved as of https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/lintian/+bug/1959004

 15:44 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1959004 in lintian (Ubuntu) "lintian: remove unused non-main dependency libio-prompt-tiny-perl" [High, In Progress]

 15:44 <cpaelzer> good to hear slyon

 15:44 <cpaelzer> sarnold: any progress, report of things started or anything else ?

 15:45 <sarnold> yes, python-cheroot is in progress, and I started in on adsys before last week, but made no progress on it last week. I'll return to it tonight

 15:45 <cpaelzer> awesome

 15:45 <cpaelzer> #topic Any other business?

 15:45 <cpaelzer> I have ...

 15:45 <cpaelzer> we have three PRs for our wiki

 15:45 <cpaelzer> https://github.com/cpaelzer/ubuntu-mir/pull/6

 15:45 <ubottu> Pull 6 in cpaelzer/ubuntu-mir "Clarify check-mir and such are not to stay in the post" [Open]

 15:45 <cpaelzer> https://github.com/cpaelzer/ubuntu-mir/pull/7

 15:45 <ubottu> Pull 7 in cpaelzer/ubuntu-mir "Update Ubuntu CVE Tracker URL" [Open]

 15:45 <cpaelzer> https://github.com/cpaelzer/ubuntu-mir/pull/8

 15:45 <ubottu> Pull 8 in cpaelzer/ubuntu-mir "Add deadlines to a MIR request" [Open]

 15:46 <cpaelzer> so far I hae only positive feedback

 15:46 <cpaelzer> please take a minute and discuss or agree

 15:46 <cpaelzer> I'd then make them live after the meeting (unless we object too much)

 15:46 <didrocks> Sorry, havenâ€™t took time for them, will read quickly after meeting

 15:46 * slyon approved PR

 15:46 <slyon> 7

 15:47 <sarnold> ack on all three

 15:47 <joalif> they all lgtm too

 15:47 <cpaelzer> ok, that seems to be enough

 15:48 <cpaelzer> I'll make them active then

 15:48 <slyon> all good!

 15:48 <cpaelzer> thank you all

 15:48 <cpaelzer> anything else for this section?

 15:48 <sarnold> nothing from me, thanks for the prioritization meeting last week :)

 15:49 <didrocks> nothing either

 15:49 <joalif> nothing

 15:49 <slyon> nothing. foundations is still working on their priorities :)

 15:49 <cpaelzer> slyon: yeah I've seen that swtom still isn't bumped

 15:50 <cpaelzer> slyon: could you ensure foundations prios are complete by the end of the week please ?

 15:50 <slyon> I do have a meeting with mclemenceau after this meeting, and will discuss with him

 15:50 <cpaelzer> of those in the security review queue

 15:50 <cpaelzer> ok

 15:50 <cpaelzer> then we seem to be done for today ...

 15:50 <cpaelzer> o/

 15:50 <sarnold> thanks cpaelzer, all :)

 15:50 <slyon> thanks! o/

 15:50 <joalif> thanks all bye o/

 15:51 <cpaelzer> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)