== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team meeting, started by jawn-smith, 22 Sep at 15:00 &mdash; 16:01 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2022/ubuntu-meeting.2022-09-22-15.00.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== Release incoming bugs ===

Discussion started by jawn-smith at 15:10.

 * ''LINK:'' https://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-kk-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs   (jawn-smith, 15:10)
 * ''LINK:'' https://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-jj-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs   (jawn-smith, 15:18)
 * ''LINK:''    (jawn-smith, 15:24)
 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/bugs/+bugs?search=Search&field.status%3Alist=NEW&field.status%3Alist=INVALID&field.status%3Alist=WONTFIX&field.status%3Alist=EXPIRED&field.status%3Alist=CONFIRMED&field.status%3Alist=TRIAGED&field.status%3Alist=INPROGRESS&field.status%3Alist=FIXCOMMITTED&field.status%3Alist=FIXRELEASED&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WIT   (jawn-smith, 15:25)
 * ''LINK:'' https://tinyurl.com/4ay3jbuw for the list  (jawn-smith, 15:27)

=== Team proposed-migration report ===

Discussion started by jawn-smith at 15:57.

 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs   (jawn-smith, 15:57)

=== AOB ===

Discussion started by jawn-smith at 15:59.




== People present (lines said) ==

 * jawn-smith (84)
 * ubottu (19)
 * vorlon (17)
 * bdmurray (14)
 * juliank (9)
 * bdrung (6)
 * schopin (5)
 * meetingology (2)
 * xypron (2)
 * mclemenceau (2)
 * dbungert (2)
 * alexghiti79 (2)
 * jbicha (1)



== Full log ==


 15:00 <jawn-smith> #startmeeting Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team

 15:00 <meetingology> Meeting started at 15:00:59 UTC.  The chair is jawn-smith.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 15:01 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 15:01 <jawn-smith> The weekly status is here: https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/foundations-team-updates-thursday-22-september-2022/30783

 15:01 <jawn-smith> Let's all take our usual time to read and ask questions

 15:02 <bdrung> \o

 15:03 <xypron> o/

 15:03 <mclemenceau> o/

 15:05 <jawn-smith> Any questions about status?

 15:05 * bdmurray is still reading

 15:06 <bdmurray> I'm good

 15:07 <jawn-smith> waveform: I would love to help test the Hyperpixel

 15:07 <bdmurray> How many people are working on audacity?

 15:07 <bdrung> currently only me.

 15:07 <dbungert> mine was last week

 15:07 <bdrung> I hope that I can do the Debian unstable upload today.

 15:08 <dbungert> nice!

 15:09 <vorlon> alexghiti79: you mention filing LP: #1990113 but I don't see sponsors subscribed to it, should they be?

 15:09 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1990113 in json-glib (Ubuntu) "Increase timeout on test doc-check for RISC-V" [Undecided, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1990113

 15:09 <vorlon> (~ubuntu-sponsors)

 15:10 <alexghiti79> Ahah, made a mistake, I subscribed ubuntu-release!

 15:10 <alexghiti79> I'll change that, thanks

 15:10 <jawn-smith> #topic Release incoming bugs

 15:10 <jawn-smith> #link https://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-kk-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 15:10 <jawn-smith> bug 1842439

 15:10 <ubottu> Bug 1842439 in apport (Ubuntu Focal) "apport-gtk crashed with SIGSEGV in _gtk_settings_get_screen(settings=0x0) from gtk_css_value_icon_theme_compute() from gtk_css_static_style_compute_value()" [High, Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1842439

 15:10 <bdrung> This is for the desktop team

 15:11 <jawn-smith> Awesome

 15:11 <jawn-smith> bug 1990202

 15:11 <ubottu> Bug 1990202 in swtpm (Ubuntu) "Merge swtpm from Debian unstable" [Wishlist, Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1990202

 15:12 <vorlon> we're in feature freeze, and no rationale is given for this to be done post-FF

 15:12 <jawn-smith> Should we write a comment asking about a FF exception?

 15:13 <vorlon> (it doesn't show up on MoM, so a bug report seems still useful as it might otherwise fall through the cracks)

 15:13 <jawn-smith> bdrung pointed out there is a CVE in the new version

 15:13 <vorlon> ah, but there's a CVE in the changelog

 15:13 <jawn-smith> which may justify a FF exception

 15:14 <jbicha> I wasn't intending for a full merge to be done for Kinetic when I opened the swtpm bug

 15:14 <schopin> We could just take in the CVE bugfix for now, and merge next cycle?

 15:14 <jawn-smith> bug 1990429

 15:14 <ubottu> Bug 1990429 in software-properties (Ubuntu) "software-properties uses deprecated apt-key" [Undecided, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1990429

 15:15 <jawn-smith> This seems worth carding and working on to me

 15:15 <jawn-smith> any objections?

 15:15 * bdrung agrees

 15:16 <juliank> python-apt has the same code

 15:16 <jawn-smith> juliank: can you file a bug against python-apt?

 15:16 <jawn-smith> Or does one already exist?

 15:16 <juliank> I don't understand why we upstreamed the module to apt.auth and then didn't port software-properties :(

 15:17 <juliank> <but yeah I can file a bug

 15:17 <jawn-smith> thanks!

 15:17 <jawn-smith> bug 1097467

 15:17 <ubottu> Bug 1097467 in bash (Ubuntu) "bash does not fulfill --rcfile option properly" [Undecided, Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1097467

 15:17 <jawn-smith> doko: waveform:

 15:17 <vorlon> juliank: has the same code> python-apt didn't show up in sarnold's codesearch, can you maybe check why?

 15:18 <juliank> vorlon: What did he search for? '    cmd = [apt_pkg.config.find_file("Dir::Bin::Apt-Key", "/usr/bin/apt-key")]' is in there

 15:18 <jawn-smith> Let's move on and see if doko has any thoughts on it later

 15:18 <jawn-smith> that's it for kk

 15:18 <jawn-smith> #link https://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-jj-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 15:18 <jawn-smith> just one!

 15:18 <vorlon> juliank: apt-key.*adv and then apt-key.*add, I think

 15:18 <jawn-smith> bug 1964036

 15:18 <ubottu> Bug 1964036 in firefox (Ubuntu) "Firefox icon missing from panel following Kubuntu upgrade 20.04->22.04" [Undecided, Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1964036

 15:18 <bdmurray> I'm setting the importance and status for the software-properties bug

 15:19 <bdmurray> Let's try to do that during this process

 15:19 <juliank> vorlon: he yeah, that's not going to work, it's abstracted as `_call_apt_key_script("adv",...`

 15:20 <jawn-smith> Okay ubuntu-release-upgrader needs to be updated to not remove the deb

 15:22 <jawn-smith> Actually it seems that icon is provided by the snap

 15:22 <xypron> /snap/firefox/1860/usr/lib/firefox/browser/chrome/icons/default/default128.png exists

 15:24 <bdmurray> Let's tag this foundations-todo

 15:24 <jawn-smith> So we're going to card that and investigate if it is actually a foundations task

 15:24 <jawn-smith> That's it for jj

 15:24 <jawn-smith> ff is empty again

 15:24 <jawn-smith> Now let's do the foundations-discuss bugs

 15:24 <jawn-smith> #link

 15:25 <jawn-smith> https://bugs.launchpad.net/bugs/+bugs?search=Search&field.status%3Alist=NEW&field.status%3Alist=INVALID&field.status%3Alist=WONTFIX&field.status%3Alist=EXPIRED&field.status%3Alist=CONFIRMED&field.status%3Alist=TRIAGED&field.status%3Alist=INPROGRESS&field.status%3Alist=FIXCOMMITTED&field.status%3Alist=FIXRELEASED&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WIT

 15:25 <jawn-smith> HOUT_RESPONSE&assignee_option=any&field.tag=foundations-triage-discuss&field.tags_combinator=ANY&field.status_upstream-empty-marker=1&field.omit_dupes=on&field.has_branches=on&field.has_no_branches=on&field.has_blueprints=on&field.has_no_blueprints=on&orderby=-id&start=0

 15:25 <schopin> (we really need to shorten this URL)

 15:25 <jawn-smith> bug 1990535

 15:25 <ubottu> Bug 1990535 in ubiquity (Ubuntu) "nvidia-settings not installed after off-line install of kinetic" [Undecided, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1990535

 15:26 <schopin> Didn't we already know about that one?

 15:26 <vorlon> which iteration of it

 15:26 <jawn-smith> bdmurray: Is this the same issue we've seen before?

 15:27 <bdmurray> bug 1985054?

 15:27 <ubottu> Bug 1985054 in ubiquity (Ubuntu Jammy) "nvidia-settings no longer preinstalled with NVidia drivers in offline mode" [High, Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1985054

 15:27 <jawn-smith> #link https://tinyurl.com/4ay3jbuw for the list

 15:27 <schopin> bdmurray: yes, that's the one I was thinking about.

 15:27 <bdmurray> I'd rather have the one with the logs be the primary bug

 15:28 <schopin> Fair enough. I should have thought about adding them when confirming the previous one, my bad.

 15:28 <jawn-smith> Okay so shall we card this?

 15:29 <bdmurray> s/card/tag foundations-todo/

 15:30 <bdmurray> I'll do that

 15:30 <jawn-smith> yes, thanks!

 15:30 <jawn-smith> bug 1990247

 15:30 <ubottu> Bug 1990247 in popularity-contest (Ubuntu) "Popcon Ubuntu backend to be decomissioned" [Undecided, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1990247

 15:31 <jawn-smith> Steve votes -1 on this and letting the errors happen

 15:31 <vorlon> I'm -1 on doing an SRU for this, the packaging changes to land this in devel were extensive

 15:32 <vorlon> shall I wontfix the bug?

 15:32 <bdmurray> I'm okay with that

 15:32 <jawn-smith> Sounds like a plan to me

 15:32 <jawn-smith> bug 1989623

 15:32 <ubottu> Bug 1989623 in dpkg (Ubuntu) "package zlib1g:amd64 1:1.2.11.dfsg-2ubuntu9.1 failed to install/upgrade: package zlib1g:amd64 is already installed and configured" [Medium, Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1989623

 15:33 <jawn-smith> juliank: thoughts on this?

 15:33 <juliank> funny

 15:34 <juliank> Gotta mark this as Incomplete and ask for a /var/lib/dpkg/status copy I guess

 15:34 <jawn-smith> Okay, thanks!

 15:34 <bdmurray> Should that be collected regularly?

 15:34 <jawn-smith> Should we also change the tag?

 15:34 <bdmurray> The /var/lib/dpkg/status file

 15:36 <jawn-smith> Okay so let's remove the tag, and juliank will follow up on the bug reports asking for more information

 15:36 <jawn-smith> bug 1989604

 15:36 <ubottu> Bug 1989604 in ubiquity (Ubuntu) "Ubuntu 22.04 failed to install" [High, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1989604

 15:37 <jawn-smith> A quick reading of the logs shows an odd file I/O error

 15:39 <juliank> see : AssertionError: Failed to mount the target: /target

 15:39 <jawn-smith> We seem to have enough logs to investigate. Let's change the tag to todo

 15:40 <jawn-smith> bug 1989598

 15:40 <ubottu> Bug 1989598 in swtpm (Ubuntu Jammy) "swtpm-create-user-config-files script contains unevaluated @DATAROOTDIR@ variable" [Low, Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1989598

 15:40 <bdmurray> That might actually be on we want to subscribed the team to, rather than overloading the todo list

 15:40 <jawn-smith> Okay, thanks bdmurray

 15:43 <jawn-smith> bug 1989585

 15:43 <ubottu> Bug 1989585 in grub-installer (Ubuntu) "while i was installing ubuntu 20.04 at last step it seems like grub installation failed caused a fatal error forcing me to restart whole process." [High, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1989585

 15:45 <jawn-smith> Someone want to comment suggesting 22.04 and remove the tag?

 15:45 <jawn-smith> enr0n thanks for volunteering

 15:45 <jawn-smith> bug 1988819

 15:45 <ubottu> Bug 1988819 in apt (Ubuntu) "When apt keeps back packages due to phased updates, it should say so" [Undecided, Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1988819

 15:46 <jawn-smith> juliank: lots of discussion on this

 15:46 <juliank> yeah

 15:46 <jawn-smith> Sounds like something that will be worked on

 15:46 <jawn-smith> So let's set the tag to foundations-todo

 15:47 <mclemenceau> done

 15:47 <jawn-smith> bug 1987924

 15:47 <ubottu> Bug 1987924 in grub2-unsigned (Ubuntu Jammy) "GRUB may execute the kernel w/ dirty instruction cache on arm64" [Undecided, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1987924

 15:48 <jawn-smith> Leaving this here for now to discuss in a future meeting

 15:49 <jawn-smith> bug 1982511

 15:49 <ubottu> Bug 1982511 in grub2-unsigned (Ubuntu Focal) "Intermittent 'Synchronous Exception' on arm64" [High, Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1982511

 15:49 <jawn-smith> Skipping for future meeting

 15:49 <jawn-smith> bug 1980494

 15:49 <ubottu> Bug 1980494 in krb5 (Ubuntu) "krb5-multidev is not multi-arch installable due to differences in /usr/bin/krb5-config.mit" [Undecided, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1980494

 15:51 <jawn-smith> vorlon votes we filter the LDFLAGS from the scripts

 15:52 <vorlon> yes, I don't think a configure script should replicate the dpkg-buildflags output from a single point in time

 15:53 <bdrung> vorlon, can you comment the bug with that information?

 15:53 <vorlon> yes

 15:53 <jawn-smith> The tag has been removed and importance set

 15:53 <jawn-smith> bug 1902855

 15:53 <ubottu> Bug 1902855 in subiquity (Ubuntu) "two identical disks are only offered as a multipath device" [Medium, Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1902855

 15:54 <jawn-smith> Apparently we have a branch started on this but tests are broken

 15:54 <jawn-smith> so let's call it todo

 15:54 <jawn-smith> Skipping the firefox bug because we've already discussed it

 15:55 <jawn-smith> bug 916494

 15:55 <ubottu> Bug 916494 in ipxe (Ubuntu) "Please put ipxe.krn to the desktop CD" [Wishlist, Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/916494

 15:55 <jawn-smith> Waiting on a response from ahasenack

 15:56 <jawn-smith> So let's remove the tag and whoever is on triage duty when we get a response can add it back

 15:57 <jawn-smith> That's it for the foundations-triage-discuss

 15:57 <jawn-smith> #topic Team proposed-migration report

 15:57 <jawn-smith> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs

 15:57 <jawn-smith> vorlon:

 15:58 <vorlon> unicode-data is driven by jbicha

 15:58 <vorlon> I don't think there's anything for us here currently

 15:59 <vorlon> and the other two are existing (passing) autopkgtests for glibc and systemd blocking linux-meta; I'd leave this for the kernel team to sort out

 15:59 <vorlon> so, nothing to assign here today!

 15:59 <vorlon> jawn-smith:

 15:59 <jawn-smith> \o/

 15:59 <jawn-smith> #topic AOB

 15:59 <jawn-smith> Any extended absences coming up?

 16:00 <jawn-smith> sil2100: you have some time off soon right?

 16:00 <jawn-smith> That's the only one I see on the calendar

 16:01 <jawn-smith> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)