== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team meeting, started by jawn-smith, 15 Sep at 15:00 &mdash; 15:55 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2022/ubuntu-meeting.2022-09-15-15.00.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== Release incoming bugs ===

Discussion started by jawn-smith at 15:09.

 * ''LINK:'' https://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-kk-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs   (jawn-smith, 15:09)
 * ''LINK:'' https://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-jj-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs   (jawn-smith, 15:14)
 * ''LINK:''    (jawn-smith, 15:18)
 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/bugs/+bugs?field.searchtext=&search=Search&field.status%3Alist=NEW&field.status%3Alist=INVALID&field.status%3Alist=WONTFIX&field.status%3Alist=EXPIRED&field.status%3Alist=CONFIRMED&field.status%3Alist=TRIAGED&field.status%3Alist=INPROGRESS&field.status%3Alist=FIXCOMMITTED&field.status%3Alist=FIXRELEASED&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Al   (jawn-smith, 15:18)

=== Team proposed-migration report ===

Discussion started by jawn-smith at 15:47.

 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs   (jawn-smith, 15:48)

=== AOB ===

Discussion started by jawn-smith at 15:53.




== People present (lines said) ==

 * jawn-smith (66)
 * bdmurray (9)
 * ubottu (9)
 * schopin (7)
 * bdrung (4)
 * meetingology (2)
 * sil2100 (2)
 * juliank (2)
 * waveform (1)
 * adrien (1)
 * xypron (1)
 * dbungert (1)



== Full log ==


 15:00 <jawn-smith> #startmeeting Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team

 15:00 <meetingology> Meeting started at 15:00:35 UTC.  The chair is jawn-smith.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 15:00 <waveform> o/

 15:00 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 15:00 <schopin> o/

 15:01 <jawn-smith> The weekly status is here: https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/foundations-team-updates-thursday-15-september-2022/30552

 15:01 <jawn-smith> Let's take our usual time to read and ask questions

 15:01 <sil2100> o/

 15:02 <bdmurray> o/

 15:02 <schopin> Welcome adrien \o/

 15:02 <adrien> \o

 15:03 <xypron> o/

 15:04 * juliank is distracted by mattermost discussions

 15:06 <jawn-smith> Would any of the archive admins on the team be able to take a look at bug 1989597

 15:06 <ubottu> Bug 1989597 in golang-1.18 (Ubuntu) "Please remove src:golang-1.18 from kinetic" [Undecided, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1989597

 15:07 <sil2100> jawn-smith: hm, I might *try*, maybe I'll have a cycle

 15:07 <jawn-smith> if not no worries, I'll pester someone else

 15:08 <jawn-smith> Any other questions?

 15:09 <jawn-smith> #topic Release incoming bugs

 15:09 <jawn-smith> #link https://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-kk-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 15:09 <jawn-smith> Two in this list

 15:10 <jawn-smith> bug 1988710

 15:10 <ubottu> Bug 1988710 in qemu (Ubuntu) "qemu FTBFS with GCC 12" [High, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1988710

 15:10 <jawn-smith> schopin: last week we discussed that we would card this and you would work on it

 15:10 <jawn-smith> Looks like a card was created, so can we remove rls-kk-incoming from this?

 15:11 <schopin> I haven't had time to look at it. Has the card been added by us or server team?

 15:11 <schopin> s/card/tag/

 15:11 <bdmurray> The server team escalated it to us

 15:12 <jawn-smith> The tag was added by the QA team

 15:12 <bdmurray> The current issue they are facing was in the description but is now in comment #3

 15:12 <schopin> also, apparently my intuition was proven wrong as per comment #9 (last one)

 15:13 <jawn-smith> With our new bug process the correct thing to do is changing rls-kk-incoming to foundations-todo

 15:14 <jawn-smith> thanks bdmurray for editing the tags

 15:14 <jawn-smith> The other kk bug is one that we are waiting on d_oko, so let's skip for now

 15:14 <jawn-smith> #link https://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-jj-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 15:14 <jawn-smith> Just one

 15:14 <jawn-smith> bug 1988398

 15:14 <ubottu> Bug 1988398 in gnutls28 (Ubuntu) "crash due to incomplete AVX check" [Undecided, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1988398

 15:15 <jawn-smith> So let's card that and assign to adrien

 15:17 <jawn-smith> That's it for jj

 15:17 <jawn-smith> ff is empty

 15:17 <jawn-smith> Now we're going to do something new

 15:18 <jawn-smith> During bug triage shifts this week Brian and I have tagged some bugs with foundations-triage-discuss

 15:18 <jawn-smith> Here's a massive LP query

 15:18 <jawn-smith> #link

 15:18 <jawn-smith> https://bugs.launchpad.net/bugs/+bugs?field.searchtext=&search=Search&field.status%3Alist=NEW&field.status%3Alist=INVALID&field.status%3Alist=WONTFIX&field.status%3Alist=EXPIRED&field.status%3Alist=CONFIRMED&field.status%3Alist=TRIAGED&field.status%3Alist=INPROGRESS&field.status%3Alist=FIXCOMMITTED&field.status%3Alist=FIXRELEASED&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Al

 15:18 <jawn-smith> ist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&assignee_option=any&field.assignee=&field.bug_reporter=&field.bug_commenter=&field.subscriber=&field.tag=foundations-triage-discuss&field.tags_combinator=ANY&field.status_upstream-empty-marker=1&field.has_cve.used=&field.omit_dupes.used=&field.omit_dupes=on&field.affects_me.used=&field.has_patch.used=&field.has_branches.used=&field.has_branches=on&field.has_n

 15:18 <jawn-smith> o_branches.used=&field.has_no_branches=on&field.has_blueprints.used=&field.has_blueprints=on&field.has_no_blueprints.used=&field.has_no_blueprints=on&orderby=-id&start=0

 15:19 <jawn-smith> bug 1988843

 15:19 <ubottu> Bug 1988843 in openjdk-lts (Ubuntu) "Eclipse IDE crashing with Java errors since 22.04 upgrade when using wayland" [High, Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1988843

 15:23 <jawn-smith> we have tagged this foundations-todo

 15:23 <jawn-smith> The todo is to first document a workaround

 15:24 <jawn-smith> bug 1988299

 15:24 <ubottu> Bug 1988299 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu) "Can't upgrade from 20.04 to 22.04 due to extreme space requirement for /boot" [Medium, Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1988299

 15:25 <jawn-smith> Oh I tagged this

 15:25 <jawn-smith> We upgraded the boot partition size in 22.04 because the kernel was getting bigger

 15:25 <jawn-smith> but people who installed before then and try to upgrade are having problems because their boot partition is too small

 15:26 <jawn-smith> The bug description talks about switching initrd compression methods

 15:26 <jawn-smith> So we need to agree on messaging to help people with this

 15:30 <schopin> There are two approaches possible, changing compression or using MODULES=dep to bundle fewer modules.

 15:31 <schopin> The latter approach could however result in an unbootable system, though.

 15:35 <jawn-smith> Okay we've tagged this foundations-todo

 15:35 <jawn-smith> bug 1981385

 15:35 <ubottu> Bug 1981385 in initramfs-tools (Ubuntu) "initrd lacks modules to mount boot image from http boot" [Undecided, Fix Released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1981385

 15:35 <jawn-smith> reported by mwhudson

 15:35 <dbungert> yes, we want to SRU that I think

 15:35 <jawn-smith> So this needs an SRU to jammy

 15:36 <jawn-smith> I think we just wanted to discuss this to ensure that mwhudson takes a look at the SRU

 15:36 <bdmurray> Well tag it foundations-todo and open a Jammy task

 15:36 <jawn-smith> And since he reads the scrollback of this meeting I bet he'll look at it

 15:37 <jawn-smith> bug 1980494

 15:37 <ubottu> Bug 1980494 in krb5 (Ubuntu) "krb5-multidev is not multi-arch installable due to differences in /usr/bin/krb5-config.mit" [Undecided, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1980494

 15:37 <jawn-smith> mclemenceau: you tagged this

 15:37 <jawn-smith> What would you like to discuss?

 15:40 <jawn-smith> (we discussed offline and bdmurray is commenting on the bug)

 15:40 <jawn-smith> bug 1842439

 15:40 <ubottu> Bug 1842439 in apport (Ubuntu Focal) "apport-gtk crashed with SIGSEGV in _gtk_settings_get_screen(settings=0x0)" [High, Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1842439

 15:41 <bdmurray> bdrung: Is the bug here in apport or gtk+3.0?

 15:42 <bdrung> It must be a bug in gtk+3.0, because it's C code crashing.

 15:42 <bdrung> Otherwise apport could catch it with a try-except clause.

 15:43 <jawn-smith> So do we think this is really a desktop issue?

 15:43 <bdrung> yes

 15:43 <jawn-smith> bdrung: can you poke them about it?

 15:43 <bdmurray> Have you contacted anybody on the desktop team?

 15:43 <bdrung> I poked the desktop team in the past for this bug, but nothing happened.

 15:45 <jawn-smith> bug 916494

 15:45 <ubottu> Bug 916494 in ipxe (Ubuntu) "Please put ipxe.krn to the desktop CD" [Wishlist, Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/916494

 15:46 <bdmurray> Again I think we need to find out what ahasenack wanted

 15:46 <jawn-smith> Who will follow up with ahasenack then?

 15:47 <bdmurray> done

 15:47 <jawn-smith> Thanks

 15:47 <jawn-smith> That's it for those bugs

 15:47 <jawn-smith> #topic Team proposed-migration report

 15:48 <jawn-smith> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs

 15:48 <jawn-smith> only one!

 15:48 <jawn-smith> node-jquery

 15:48 <jawn-smith> who wants it?

 15:51 <jawn-smith> Since this merge was done post feature-freeze

 15:51 <jawn-smith> should we just remove this version?

 15:51 <bdmurray> +1

 15:52 <jawn-smith> Excellent, that's it for proposed migration

 15:53 <jawn-smith> #topic AOB

 15:53 <juliank> I'm out tomorrow

 15:53 <jawn-smith> Any other PTO upcoming?

 15:55 <jawn-smith> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)