== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status meeting, started by cpaelzer, 22 Nov at 15:34 &mdash; 15:50 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2022/ubuntu-meeting.2022-11-22-15.34.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== current component mismatches ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 15:34.

 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg   (cpaelzer, 15:34)
 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg   (cpaelzer, 15:34)

=== New MIRs ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 15:40.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=NEW&field.status%3Alist=CONFIRMED&assignee_option=none&field.assignee=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (cpaelzer, 15:40)

=== Incomplete bugs / questions ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 15:45.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (cpaelzer, 15:45)
 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/duktape/+bug/1997417   (cpaelzer, 15:45)
 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/fonts-sil-annapurna/+bug/1997470   (cpaelzer, 15:45)

=== MIR related Security Review Queue ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 15:46.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-security/+bugs?field.searchtext=%5BMIR%5D&assignee_option=choose&field.assignee=ubuntu-security&field.bug_reporter=&field.bug_commenter=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (cpaelzer, 15:46)
 * ''LINK:'' https://warthogs.atlassian.net/jira/software/c/projects/SEC/boards/594   (cpaelzer, 15:46)

=== Any other business? ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 15:49.




== People present (lines said) ==

 * cpaelzer (72)
 * didrocks (11)
 * slyon (7)
 * joalif (3)
 * meetingology (2)
 * jamespage (2)



== Full log ==


 15:34 <cpaelzer> #startmeeting Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status

 15:34 <meetingology> Meeting started at 15:34:40 UTC.  The chair is cpaelzer.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 15:34 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 15:34 <cpaelzer> Ping for MIR meeting - didrocks joalif slyon sarnold cpaelzer jamespage

 15:34 <joalif> o/

 15:34 <cpaelzer> #topic current component mismatches

 15:34 <cpaelzer> Mission: Identify required actions and spread the load among the teams

 15:34 <cpaelzer> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg

 15:34 <slyon> hey \o

 15:34 <cpaelzer> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg

 15:35 <cpaelzer> hello all of you

 15:35 <jamespage> o/

 15:35 <didrocks> hey

 15:35 <slyon> I need to poke doko again about openjdk-17. The idea was to demote the openjdk-17-doc package, which should get rid of all those c-m's

 15:35 <cpaelzer> didrocks: wanted to talk to mir-people (not MIR-people) about glm - did you have a chance?

 15:36 <cpaelzer> slyon: ack, ignoring jdk for now then

 15:36 <cpaelzer> slyon: also ack on that being a good auto-exclude case

 15:36 <didrocks> cpaelzer: oh sorry, I thought that you pinged them on -release and that’s my action item was then dismissed

 15:36 <didrocks> but happy then to take that one if the ping was unsucessful

 15:36 <cpaelzer> indeed, but I got no answer

 15:36 <cpaelzer> thanks for taking the hard-ping into your hands

 15:36 <didrocks> yeah, so I will do it this week then

 15:37 <cpaelzer> slyon: let me stay with foundations then - nvme-cli -> hugetlbds/libnvme

 15:37 <cpaelzer> kanashiro[m]: hey, I'm seeing ruby3.0 depenging on ruby-sdbm as component mismatch - could you look into that?

 15:38 <cpaelzer> slyon: was that looked at (if you want to cut the deps or promote it in lunar)?

 15:38 <slyon> cpaelzer: yeah. I still need to investigate those other foundations packages (non-jdk), as I didn't find the time to work on this in the last week

 15:38 <cpaelzer> ok slyon, I hope thanksgiving gives you a good chance due to many others being off :-)

 15:38 <cpaelzer> libnet-dns-perl is in the same bucket slyon

 15:38 <slyon> ack

 15:38 <cpaelzer> but actually new is fonts-deva -> fonts-sil-annapurna

 15:39 <cpaelzer> didrocks: fonts are usually fast path, but we had some odd outliers

 15:39 <cpaelzer> didrocks: and in any case we still need an owning team just in case

 15:39 <cpaelzer> since fonts-deva is desktop would you mind pinging internally how they want to proceed on this one?

 15:39 <didrocks> I will do it

 15:40 <cpaelzer> thanks

 15:40 <didrocks> I’m afraid we go back to the same discussion that we had last time there was a font to be owned by a team, but let’s see :)

 15:40 <cpaelzer> that is it, the others we talked about last week

 15:40 <cpaelzer> or as just agreed give slyon and didrocks a chance to follow up wit hpeople

 15:40 <cpaelzer> #topic New MIRs

 15:40 <cpaelzer> Mission: ensure to assign all incoming reviews for fast processing

 15:40 <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=NEW&field.status%3Alist=CONFIRMED&assignee_option=none&field.assignee=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 15:41 <cpaelzer> before we go into that, we assigned a lot of things around rust and pcs a while ago

 15:41 <cpaelzer> did everyone complete these assignments by now?

 15:41 <cpaelzer> or are any left open still?

 15:41 <didrocks> I’m done on my side normally

 15:41 <slyon> completed my ruby-* stuff during the engineering sprint week :)

 15:42 <cpaelzer> thanks

 15:42 <joalif> i've done all apart from the pcs itself, which i'm working on this week

 15:42 <cpaelzer> so maybe joalif on https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/pcs/+bug/1953341  then?

 15:42 <cpaelzer> thanks joalif

 15:43 <cpaelzer> kanashiro[m]: could you check if on PCS all but pcs itself is done from your POV?

 15:43 <cpaelzer> kanashiro[m]: or in the security queue (which I assume some are) so that we can nudge eslerm each time :-)

 15:43 <cpaelzer> the new one to assign this week is https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/mosh/+bug/1997106

 15:44 <cpaelzer> security pre-acked this (not with an in depth review, but that they are supportive in general)

 15:44 <cpaelzer> as that was a pre-requirement

 15:44 <slyon> I didn't do a MIR review in a while. so I'm volunteering here.

 15:44 <cpaelzer> thanks

 15:44 <cpaelzer> I was concerned doing it myself while being the one committing to the item - seems like corruption

 15:44 <cpaelzer> so double thanks slyon

 15:45 <cpaelzer> I updated the bug

 15:45 <cpaelzer> #topic Incomplete bugs / questions

 15:45 <cpaelzer> Mission: Identify required actions and spread the load among the teams

 15:45 <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 15:45 <cpaelzer> we see two cases that we saw in mismatches earlier

 15:45 <cpaelzer> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/duktape/+bug/1997417

 15:45 <cpaelzer> so that is a known todo, but not yet ready

 15:45 <didrocks> yeah, that was for polkit

 15:45 <cpaelzer> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/fonts-sil-annapurna/+bug/1997470

 15:45 <didrocks> it missed the subcription added it

 15:45 <cpaelzer> same

 15:46 <didrocks> and on the second one, just got the ack from seb128. So opening for tracking :)

 15:46 <cpaelzer> those are not waiting on the MIR team

 15:46 <cpaelzer> so we can go on for now

 15:46 <cpaelzer> thanks didrocks!

 15:46 <cpaelzer> #topic MIR related Security Review Queue

 15:46 <cpaelzer> Mission: Check on progress, do deadlines seem doable?

 15:46 <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-security/+bugs?field.searchtext=%5BMIR%5D&assignee_option=choose&field.assignee=ubuntu-security&field.bug_reporter=&field.bug_commenter=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 15:46 <cpaelzer> Internal link

 15:46 <cpaelzer> - ensure your teams items are prioritized among each other as you'd expect

 15:46 <cpaelzer> - ensure community requests do not get stomped by teams calling for favors too much

 15:46 <cpaelzer> #link https://warthogs.atlassian.net/jira/software/c/projects/SEC/boards/594

 15:46 <cpaelzer> eslerm: sarnold: do you want to talk about current progress and ETAs of anything in the queue?

 15:48 <cpaelzer> I was just bumping up pcs related things as we failed it in the past cycle and really need to give poeple a chance before 22.04 to adapt

 15:48 <cpaelzer> anything else anyone of you want to change?

 15:49 <cpaelzer> eslerm: looking forward to hear some positive progress news another day as it seems you are not around atm

 15:49 <cpaelzer> #topic Any other business?

 15:49 <didrocks> nothing for me

 15:49 <cpaelzer> you have all seen my little template improvement land I guess

 15:49 <cpaelzer> nothing else

 15:49 <slyon> nothing

 15:49 <cpaelzer> joalif: jamespage: ?

 15:50 <jamespage> nought from me

 15:50 <joalif> nothing from me

 15:50 <cpaelzer> well then, thanks for a quick and effective meeting

 15:50 <cpaelzer> good luck on all the cases that you review or help to track down

 15:50 <cpaelzer> see you next week

 15:50 <cpaelzer> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)