== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status meeting, started by cpaelzer, 15 Feb at 15:33 &mdash; 15:55 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2022/ubuntu-meeting.2022-02-15-15.33.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== Review of previous action items ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 15:33.


=== current component mismatches ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 15:33.

 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg   (cpaelzer, 15:34)
 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg   (cpaelzer, 15:34)

=== New MIRs ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 15:37.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=NEW&field.status%3Alist=CONFIRMED&assignee_option=none&field.assignee=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (cpaelzer, 15:37)

=== Incomplete bugs / questions ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 15:38.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (cpaelzer, 15:38)
 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/libapache2-mod-auth-openidc/+bug/1959722   (cpaelzer, 15:39)

=== MIR related Security Review Queue ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 15:47.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-security/+bugs?field.searchtext=%5BMIR%5D&assignee_option=choose&field.assignee=ubuntu-security&field.bug_reporter=&field.bug_commenter=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (cpaelzer, 15:47)

=== Any other business? ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 15:53.




== People present (lines said) ==

 * cpaelzer (86)
 * sarnold (18)
 * slyon (12)
 * schopin (7)
 * didrocks (6)
 * ubottu (4)
 * meetingology (2)
 * joalif (2)



== Full log ==


 15:33 <cpaelzer> #startmeeting Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status

 15:33 <meetingology> Meeting started at 15:33:42 UTC.  The chair is cpaelzer.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 15:33 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 15:33 <cpaelzer> #topic Review of previous action items

 15:33 <cpaelzer> no others than the assigned tasks

 15:33 <cpaelzer> #topic current component mismatches

 15:34 <cpaelzer> Mission: Identify required actions and spread the load among the teams

 15:34 <cpaelzer> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg

 15:34 <cpaelzer> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg

 15:34 <didrocks> on libreoffice -> the new release is in, which triggered even more issues. Already pinged ricotz to sort that out

 15:34 <cpaelzer> non-proposed LGTM

 15:34 <didrocks> on libadwaita pulling glade -> pinged seb128

 15:34 <cpaelzer> plocate is a new request we will see later

 15:34 <cpaelzer> libreoffice has even more than last week

 15:34 <cpaelzer> thanks didrocks

 15:35 <slyon> libhandy-1/glade seems new

 15:35 <cpaelzer> we didn't get an answer on heat -> vitrageclient -> twitter-bootstrap3 last week from jamespage

 15:35 <didrocks> sorry libadwaita/I meant libhandy

 15:35 <cpaelzer> jamespage: if you are around today, what is the plan forward on this one?

 15:36 <cpaelzer> the rest looks known to me

 15:36 <slyon> ah, thanks didrocks!

 15:36 <cpaelzer> xcvt is in the new queue today

 15:37 <cpaelzer> we know jamespage has a concurrent meeting sometimes, so we can go on and if he is around later he can tell us about heat -> vitrageclient -> twitter-bootstrap3

 15:37 <cpaelzer> #topic New MIRs

 15:37 <cpaelzer> Mission: ensure to assign all incoming reviews for fast processing

 15:37 <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=NEW&field.status%3Alist=CONFIRMED&assignee_option=none&field.assignee=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 15:37 <cpaelzer> sa promised plocate and libxcvt

 15:37 <cpaelzer> looking for reviewers

 15:37 <slyon> I can do libxcvt

 15:37 <cpaelzer> I have a few PTO days incoming, so I can't assign myself yet

 15:37 <cpaelzer> thanks slyon

 15:38 <didrocks> I should be able to take plocate

 15:38 <cpaelzer> awesome

 15:38 <sarnold> woot

 15:38 <sarnold> (I love plocate :)

 15:38 <cpaelzer> #topic Incomplete bugs / questions

 15:38 <cpaelzer> Mission: Identify required actions and spread the load among the teams

 15:38 <didrocks> never used it, still at the locate area here :p

 15:38 <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 15:39 <cpaelzer> three to talk about

 15:39 <cpaelzer> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/libapache2-mod-auth-openidc/+bug/1959722

 15:39 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1959722 in libapache2-mod-auth-openidc (Ubuntu) "[MIR] libapache2-mod-auth-openidc" [Undecided, Incomplete]

 15:39 <cpaelzer> that just got review updated

 15:39 <cpaelzer> no action yet until there is feedback by coreycb

 15:40 <cpaelzer> next is https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/v4l2-relayd/+bug/1958109

 15:40 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1958109 in OEM Priority Project "[MIR] v4l2-relayd" [High, In Progress]

 15:40 <cpaelzer> that has an open question for slyon

 15:40 <slyon> yes. one comment was addressed. I need to check that other bug report and will answer to that comment later

 15:40 <cpaelzer> Even if that resolves one of slyon open issues, the list of required things is longer

 15:41 <slyon> ack

 15:41 <cpaelzer> BTW - I have started to number my required7recommended TODOs

 15:41 <sarnold> ah, good idea

 15:41 <cpaelzer> so far it work as it is easier to a) refer to them later and b) to track if all of them are done later

 15:41 <slyon> indeed, that makes it easier to reference those

 15:41 <cpaelzer> should we throw this as suggestion into the template as so far it works well?

 15:41 <cpaelzer> or are htere opposing opinions?

 15:42 <slyon> let's do it.

 15:42 <joalif> yup

 15:42 <joalif> sounds good

 15:42 <cpaelzer> ok, I'll have a PR for next week

 15:42 <cpaelzer> next is https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/cargo/+bug/1957932

 15:42 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1957932 in rustc (Ubuntu) "[MIR] rustc, cargo" [Critical, Incomplete]

 15:42 <cpaelzer> and here schopin wanted to talk with us

 15:42 <slyon> schopin: ^

 15:42 <schopin> o/

 15:42 <cpaelzer> we have two packages both with "ack but TODOs ..."

 15:43 <schopin> So, I think I've done most of the work on src:rustc, except that there are issues with armhf when running the test suite

 15:43 <cpaelzer> sounds like some great progress then

 15:43 <cpaelzer> once done do another update like #5 and we shall pass it into the security queue then

 15:44 <schopin> yup, but I'm wondering if I should upload it as is for the security team to make their review?

 15:44 <cpaelzer> schopin: if it only is the testing on arm and all esle is adressed, yes upload it

 15:44 <schopin> 'cause debugging on armhf could take hours *just for the initial build*

 15:44 <cpaelzer> schopin: but, there is a twist

 15:44 <cpaelzer> schopin: if you want to avoid to go through -proposed twice you can upload to a PPA

 15:44 <cpaelzer> schopin: and tell security that it is there and what it is waiting on

 15:45 <sarnold> does rustc/cargo on armhf even make sense? those things use vast amounts of memory, I'm not sure 32 bit platforms make sense

 15:45 <cpaelzer> schopin: then once arm tests are good, you can do one real upload and update the bug again telling security that from now on they can use this for the review

 15:45 <schopin> Sounds good, I'll go with that then!

 15:45 <cpaelzer> schopin: ^^ how about the general challenge if rust@armhf makes sense?

 15:45 <schopin> haven't had time to get to cargo but I expect it to go much quicker.

 15:46 <cpaelzer> I mean it is not really possible to say "supported but not here" and I feel "not building for armhf" will offend some people

 15:46 <slyon> so should we assign ubuntu-security already? Or will schopin do that once the PPA is ready?

 15:46 <cpaelzer> slyon: once the PPA is ready and an update made that explains all the todos are adressed - then assign security

 15:47 <cpaelzer> and for cargo, let us know if there is more to discuss then @schopin

 15:47 <cpaelzer> going on with the meeting then

 15:47 <schopin> I'll address the armhf in the bug, I'll need to think on it ;)

 15:47 <sarnold> thanks

 15:47 <cpaelzer> #topic MIR related Security Review Queue

 15:47 <cpaelzer> Mission: Check on progress, do deadlines seem doable?

 15:47 <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-security/+bugs?field.searchtext=%5BMIR%5D&assignee_option=choose&field.assignee=ubuntu-security&field.bug_reporter=&field.bug_commenter=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 15:48 <cpaelzer> sarnold: please trigger some hope on this queue :-)

 15:49 <cpaelzer> oh and BTW - when the security team assigns a person it is out of this list - like in https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/python-asgiref/+bug/1953173

 15:49 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1953173 in python-asgiref (Ubuntu) "[MIR] python-asgiref" [Critical, In Progress]

 15:49 <sarnold> I can offer you a small piece of token hope, how's that? :) ccdm94 has made good progress on python-cheroot, she's sent me an initial review template to review :)

 15:49 <cpaelzer> that is good

 15:49 <sarnold> so I have hope that we'll move one of them to the finished column later today

 15:49 <cpaelzer> but really I want you sarnold to yell at all layers about you that the top 9 of this list is strictly needed to make 22.4 happen the way it is meant to be

 15:49 <sarnold> adsys and python-asgiref are still in progress; no new ones have been started

 15:50 <cpaelzer> and let me know if I shell help with that yelling

 15:50 <sarnold> alas, the time for yelling was perhaps a year ago

 15:51 <cpaelzer> I did yell back then, and in november, december, january - as you know

 15:51 <cpaelzer> the closer we get the higher the frequency

 15:51 <cpaelzer> :-)

 15:51 <cpaelzer> anyway - we often hear "the coming LTS is the most important", that should be reflected in the resources that you get to use on this

 15:51 <cpaelzer> I'm not blaming or staring at you sarnold :-)

 15:51 <sarnold> unfortunately, another team member has accepted a role at another company in the meantime; her responsibilities will take ever more time from the remaining members of the team

 15:51 <cpaelzer> ok enough, I'll keep my token of hope that you gave me

 15:52 <sarnold> and our drive for hiring the entire world is consuming a vast amount of team time

 15:52 <slyon> we need to clone sarnold

 15:52 <sarnold> yesplease

 15:52 <sarnold> I'll take two :)

 15:52 <slyon> heh

 15:52 <cpaelzer> yep, but my point is if "LTS is important" is the #1 of all #1 prios then that should win everywhere

 15:53 <sarnold> I'm afraid others in the organization do not see it that way

 15:53 <cpaelzer> sarnold: give me names in a private mail and I'll make it change

 15:53 <cpaelzer> sarnold: that is the bit of help I can try to provide

 15:53 <sarnold> cpaelzer: ack, thanks

 15:53 <cpaelzer> #topic Any other business?

 15:53 <sarnold> <3

 15:53 <cpaelzer> are there any more fun topics

 15:54 <cpaelzer> none from me

 15:54 <slyon> nothing

 15:54 <didrocks> nothing either

 15:54 <sarnold> nothing from me

 15:54 <cpaelzer> oh actually, one thing

 15:54 <cpaelzer> I have scheduled an in-person meeting for those of you that are at the sprint

 15:55 <cpaelzer> no agenda, just get together and use the chance for 30 minutes retrospective and thoughts on the MIR process

 15:55 <cpaelzer> it likely won't work well for remote :-/

 15:55 <cpaelzer> better luck next sprint I guess :-/

 15:55 <sarnold> probably not, but worth a shot..

 15:55 <cpaelzer> no I'm really out of topics

 15:55 <cpaelzer> now

 15:55 <cpaelzer> closing this out in

 15:55 <cpaelzer> 3

 15:55 <cpaelzer> 2

 15:55 <cpaelzer> 1

 15:55 <cpaelzer> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)