== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team meeting, started by jawn-smith, 01 Dec at 16:01 &mdash; 16:54 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2022/ubuntu-meeting.2022-12-01-16.01.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

 * ''LINK:'' https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/foundations-team-updates-thursday-1-december/32562/   (jawn-smith, 16:01)

=== Release incoming bugs ===

Discussion started by jawn-smith at 16:10.

 * ''LINK:'' https://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ll-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs   (jawn-smith, 16:10)
 * ''LINK:'' https://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-kk-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs   (jawn-smith, 16:15)
 * ''LINK:'' https://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-jj-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs   (jawn-smith, 16:16)

=== proposed-migration ===

Discussion started by jawn-smith at 16:30.

 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs   (jawn-smith, 16:30)

=== AOB ===

Discussion started by jawn-smith at 16:51.




== People present (lines said) ==

 * jawn-smith (82)
 * bdmurray (23)
 * slyon (9)
 * bdrung (5)
 * ginggs (4)
 * bG9s (3)
 * sil2100 (3)
 * meetingology (2)
 * schopin (2)
 * enr0n (2)
 * waveform_ (1)
 * waveform (1)
 * samirkamerkar (1)
 * dbungert (1)
 * adrien (1)
 * xypron (1)



== Full log ==


 16:01 <jawn-smith> #startmeeting Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team

 16:01 <meetingology> Meeting started at 16:01:16 UTC.  The chair is jawn-smith.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 16:01 <bG9s> o/

 16:01 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 16:01 <jawn-smith> The weekly status is here:

 16:01 <jawn-smith> #link https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/foundations-team-updates-thursday-1-december/32562/

 16:01 <jawn-smith> let's take our usual time to read and ask questions

 16:02 <slyon> o/

 16:02 <jawn-smith> waveform_: was the Pi desktop LUKS change in livecd-rootfs or the gadget?

 16:03 <waveform_> neither -- manually patched into the image, hence "hacky". Ultimately it ought to go in ubuntu-raspi-settings-desktop most likely

 16:05 <bdmurray> enr0n: the reboot required notification does that need SRU'ing or ... ?

 16:05 <schopin> bdrung: thanks for the quick turnaround on tzdata :)

 16:05 <enr0n> bdmurray: eventually. It's not even in lunar yet. This was just a PPA for the time being

 16:05 <bdrung> schopin, you're welcome

 16:05 <bdmurray> ack

 16:06 <bG9s> please tell me something big could be done for "lunar year" and "lunar calendar"

 16:06 <bG9s> ok I'm quiet again

 16:06 <bdmurray> Is tzdata verified so we can release it early?

 16:07 <bdrung> the first uploads are verified, but the second uploads (for updating ICU data) are pending being accepted

 16:08 <bdmurray> bleah xnox

 16:08 <bdrung> wait, sil2100 accepted them. I need to do the tests again.

 16:09 <bdmurray> let me know when the testing is done

 16:09 <sil2100> They're in flight

 16:09 <bdmurray> I want them to land

 16:09 <sil2100> Still need to accept focal

 16:09 <bdmurray> Not be up in the air

 16:10 <jawn-smith> #topic Release incoming bugs

 16:10 <jawn-smith> #link https://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ll-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 16:10 <jawn-smith> bug 1396379

 16:12 <jawn-smith> This appears to be in progress thanks to juliank

 16:12 <jawn-smith> So let's remove the tag

 16:12 <jawn-smith> bug 1998095

 16:14 <slyon> the question here is foundations will be maintaining pkgconf

 16:14 <jawn-smith> Since we currently maintain pkg-config the answer is probably yes

 16:14 <jawn-smith> But we need to have a more in depth discussion with v_orlon

 16:15 <jawn-smith> So let's leave it tagged and discuss it when v_orlon is back around

 16:15 <jawn-smith> #link https://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-kk-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 16:15 <jawn-smith> just bug 1842439

 16:15 <jawn-smith> which is currently with the desktop team, so nothing to do

 16:16 <jawn-smith> No updates to the bug since Nov 5 so moving on

 16:16 <jawn-smith> #link https://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-jj-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 16:16 <jawn-smith> bug 1965094 is still with the desktop team

 16:16 <jawn-smith> No updates since October

 16:16 <bdmurray> we should follow up with the desktop team about bug 1842439 right?

 16:17 <jawn-smith> bdmurray: would you like to follow up on that?

 16:17 <bdmurray> yes

 16:18 <jawn-smith> thanks

 16:18 <jawn-smith> bug 1997467

 16:18 <jawn-smith> slyon: it's netplan and you tagged it

 16:18 <jawn-smith> looks like there's a PR?

 16:18 <slyon> Indeed

 16:18 <jawn-smith> but the SRU still needs to be done, correct?

 16:18 <slyon> I got my initial fix reviewed by schopin, but it looks like the solution will be much more complex

 16:18 <slyon> I hope to allocate some time to work on this next week

 16:18 <jawn-smith> Okay so if you're actively working on it next week should we remove the tag?

 16:18 <slyon> I think we can remove the rls-incoming tag, as I've also tagged it foundations-todo

 16:19 <slyon> Still needs an proper upstream fix and SRUs

 16:19 <slyon> yes, I'll remove the tag

 16:19 <jawn-smith> Thanks

 16:19 <jawn-smith> bug 1992369

 16:20 <jawn-smith> bdmurray: you tagged this in a comment where you stated that you were unable to recreate?

 16:21 <bdmurray> yeah, that's weird hunh

 16:23 <bdmurray> somebody should have a look at comment #8 and if there isn't anything obvious pass on it

 16:23 <bdmurray> i.e. fontforge etc...

 16:23 <jawn-smith> Okay, who would like to do that?

 16:24 <jawn-smith> sounds like danilogondolfo will do so

 16:24 <jawn-smith> bug 1991533

 16:24 <jawn-smith> Looks like it's fix committed. But I'm assuming the tag is here for the SRUs?

 16:26 <bdmurray> It looks like something I should "carry over the finish line"

 16:26 <jawn-smith> Great thanks bdmurray

 16:26 <jawn-smith> That's all of the bugs

 16:30 <jawn-smith> #topic proposed-migration

 16:30 <jawn-smith> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs

 16:30 <bdmurray> I retried glibc and linux-meta-raspi

 16:31 <jawn-smith> ginggs: is retrying binutils

 16:31 <jawn-smith> schopin is investigating cargo

 16:31 <bdmurray> and systemd with linux-meta-raspi

 16:32 <jawn-smith> looks like postgresql-common just needs a migration-reference/0 test

 16:32 <jawn-smith> I'll start that

 16:32 <jawn-smith> pkg-js-tools looks a bit flakey

 16:33 <bdmurray> debhelper's waiting on seem a bit unbelievable

 16:33 <jawn-smith> why do you say that?

 16:34 <bdmurray> because the ppc64el queue is close to 0

 16:34 <bdmurray> and its been waiting 29 days

 16:34 <ginggs> i retried debhelper

 16:34 <jawn-smith> Thanks ginggs

 16:34 <bdmurray> cheers

 16:34 <ginggs> it was one of the ones where the tests were not in the queue

 16:34 <jawn-smith> I did a migration-reference/0 test for one of them because the history showed a long list of failures

 16:35 <jawn-smith> so is the solution to that to manually queue them?

 16:35 <jawn-smith> Or should we leave them in that state so QA or IS can look into how we got in this state?

 16:36 <jawn-smith> Sounds like we should just retrigger them

 16:36 <bdmurray> Its unlikely the QA team will have time to investigate waiting ones

 16:36 <jawn-smith> Any volunteers to retrigger those?

 16:37 <bdmurray> which ones specifically?

 16:37 <ginggs> jawn-smith: which are those?

 16:37 <jawn-smith> the debhelper waiting ones

 16:37 <ginggs> jawn-smith: i already did them

 16:37 <bdmurray> ginggs: already did

 16:37 <jawn-smith> Oh great, thanks

 16:37 <jawn-smith> dbus

 16:37 <jawn-smith> sounds like a waveform thing

 16:38 <jawn-smith> I'll look at fwupd vs python3-defaults

 16:38 <waveform> ack, I'll take dbus

 16:38 <jawn-smith> Any volunteers to look at nemo vs libselinux and network-manager vs libselinux?

 16:39 <jawn-smith> Ah this appears to be a dbus thing

 16:41 <jawn-smith> any volunteers for cross-toolchain-base?

 16:42 <jawn-smith> mwhudson: I heard you say yes to cross-toolchain-base

 16:42 <jawn-smith> sil2100: livecd-rootfs?

 16:42 <jawn-smith> at least the ppc64el one

 16:43 <sil2100> ...ok!

 16:43 <jawn-smith> distro-info missing builds

 16:43 <bdrung> distro-info is on my radar.

 16:43 <jawn-smith> ack, thanks

 16:43 <jawn-smith> cmake

 16:43 <jawn-smith> who wants it?

 16:43 <bdrung> distro-info fails to build due to pylint behaving weird.

 16:44 <jawn-smith> ogayot: cmake

 16:44 <jawn-smith> samirkamerkar: can you look into the java-common regressions that aren't arm{64,hf} ?

 16:45 <bdmurray> why not armhf?

 16:45 <jawn-smith> oh didn't realize those queues were reasonable

 16:45 <jawn-smith> so just the not-arm64 ones

 16:45 <samirkamerkar> I may need help, but I will give it a try

 16:46 <jawn-smith> openssh needs retries

 16:46 <jawn-smith> juliank: apt ?

 16:47 <jawn-smith> adrien: libb-hooks-op-check-entersubforcv-perl

 16:47 <jawn-smith> dbungert: libb-hooks-parser-perl

 16:47 <dbungert> ack

 16:48 <jawn-smith> danilogondolfo: libbencode-perl

 16:48 <jawn-smith> schopin: libdevel-declare-perl

 16:48 <schopin> ack

 16:48 <adrien> that name

 16:49 <jawn-smith> Someone should ping vpa later about libsignatures-perl

 16:49 <jawn-smith> cyrus-imapd may just need migration-reference tests

 16:49 <slyon> I can do that

 16:50 <xypron> libical3 causes regression in gvmd -> xypron

 16:50 <jawn-smith> xypron: ciderwebmail vs libemail-address-xs-perl ?

 16:50 <jawn-smith> sure let's give ciderwebmail to enr0n then

 16:50 <enr0n> ack

 16:51 <jawn-smith> #topic AOB

 16:54 <jawn-smith> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)