== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status meeting, started by slyon, 08 Nov at 15:34 &mdash; 15:48 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2022/ubuntu-meeting.2022-11-08-15.34.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== current component mismatches ===

Discussion started by slyon at 15:34.

 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg   (slyon, 15:35)
 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg   (slyon, 15:35)

=== New MIRs ===

Discussion started by slyon at 15:37.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=NEW&field.status%3Alist=CONFIRMED&assignee_option=none&field.assignee=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (slyon, 15:37)

=== Incomplete bugs / questions ===

Discussion started by slyon at 15:40.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (slyon, 15:40)

=== MIR related Security Review Queue ===

Discussion started by slyon at 15:42.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-security/+bugs?field.searchtext=%5BMIR%5D&assignee_option=choose&field.assignee=ubuntu-security&field.bug_reporter=&field.bug_commenter=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (slyon, 15:42)

=== Any other business? ===

Discussion started by slyon at 15:46.




== People present (lines said) ==

 * slyon (40)
 * sarnold (11)
 * joalif (3)
 * meetingology (2)



== Full log ==


 15:34 <slyon> #startmeeting Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status

 15:34 <meetingology> Meeting started at 15:34:50 UTC.  The chair is slyon.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 15:34 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 15:34 <slyon> Ping for MIR meeting - didrocks joalif slyon sarnold cpaelzer jamespage

 15:34 <slyon> #topic current component mismatches

 15:34 <slyon> Mission: Identify required actions and spread the load among the teams

 15:35 <slyon> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg

 15:35 <slyon> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg

 15:35 <slyon> Debian auto-sync opened up, so we see some c-m

 15:36 <slyon> mostly foundations, but also a few desktop and server packages. Those are for myself (foundations) didrocks and cpaelzer to investigate

 15:36 <slyon> we also have glm -> highlight.js that is assigned to ~mir-team. joalif could you investigate this c-m and maybe reach out to ~mir-team to clarify?

 15:37 <joalif> ok

 15:37 <slyon> thanks

 15:37 <slyon> #topic New MIRs

 15:37 <slyon> Mission: ensure to assign all incoming reviews for fast processing

 15:37 <slyon> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=NEW&field.status%3Alist=CONFIRMED&assignee_option=none&field.assignee=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 15:37 <slyon> only bug #1993819

 15:37 <sarnold> "only"

 15:37 <slyon> dh-cargo needs to be reviewed.

 15:38 <slyon> does anybody volunteer to look into that?

 15:39 <slyon> I'm fully loaded this week. If nobody else steps up, I might assign myself next week, even though this is foundations-internal. (hopefully we'll have some more people around in next week's meeting)

 15:40 <slyon> I'll take that as a "no" for this week.

 15:40 <slyon> #topic Incomplete bugs / questions

 15:40 <slyon> Mission: Identify required actions and spread the load among the teams

 15:40 <slyon> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 15:40 <sarnold> busy..

 15:41 <slyon> seems like the ruby-* MIRs are progressing nicely.

 15:41 <slyon> pleny got reviewed this week and last week \o/

 15:41 <slyon> I'd like to postpone the discussion about bug #https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/libde265/+bug/1827442

 15:42 <sarnold> good job joalif :D

 15:42 <slyon> to next week, but we should probably have a new look at this old MIR

 15:42 <slyon> other than that, nothing actionable in that list AFAICS

 15:42 <slyon> #topic MIR related Security Review Queue

 15:42 <slyon> Mission: Check on progress, do deadlines seem doable?

 15:42 <slyon> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-security/+bugs?field.searchtext=%5BMIR%5D&assignee_option=choose&field.assignee=ubuntu-security&field.bug_reporter=&field.bug_commenter=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 15:43 <slyon> sarnold:

 15:44 <slyon> no recent updates on that list

 15:44 <sarnold> though the dkms and ruby-* stuff are sort of new on the list

 15:44 <slyon> oh indeed! I used wrong ordering

 15:45 <sarnold> it took me a moment to figure out that I was used to another order, yeah :)

 15:45 <sarnold> I think we'll be slow-velocity until the new year, I've got very few working days left, and much of the rest of the team has high-priority projects underway as well as similar PTO needs

 15:46 <slyon> thin (#1990582) and ruby-rack (#1990575) are new and related to the big pcs/ruby-* dependency tree

 15:46 <slyon> sarnold: ack. I think that's what you wanted to mention in AOB right?

 15:46 <sarnold> yeah

 15:46 <slyon> #topic Any other business?

 15:46 <joalif> nothing from me

 15:46 <sarnold> "take your vacation days before they expire" :)

 15:46 <joalif> lol

 15:47 <slyon> okay. so security review will be slow-velocity till the end of the year.

 15:47 <slyon> We're still early in the cycle and should be able to speed things up in 2023 hopefully :)

 15:47 <sarnold> *nod* I hope we can keep the snowball growing :)

 15:47 <slyon> Okay. Anything else?

 15:48 <sarnold> nothing from me

 15:48 <slyon> OK. thanks sarnold, joalif!

 15:48 <sarnold> thanks slyon, joalif  :)

 15:48 <slyon> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)