== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status, 21 Jul at 14:39 &mdash; 15:02 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2020/ubuntu-meeting.2020-07-21-14.39.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Review of previous action items ===
The discussion about "Review of previous action items" started at 14:39.


=== current component mismatches ===
The discussion about "current component mismatches" started at 14:41.

  * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg 
  * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg 

=== New MIRs ===
The discussion about "New MIRs" started at 14:56.

  * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=NEW&assignee_option=none&field.assignee=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir 

=== Incomplete bugs / questions ===
The discussion about "Incomplete bugs / questions" started at 14:59.

  * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir 

=== Any other business? ===
The discussion about "Any other business?" started at 15:00.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * sarnold (31)
 * jamespage (9)
 * meetingology (3)
 * didrocks (2)
 * doko (2)
 * Laney (1)



== Full Log ==


 14:39 <sarnold> #startmeeting Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status

 14:39 <meetingology> Meeting started Tue Jul 21 14:39:30 2020 UTC.  The chair is sarnold. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 14:39 <meetingology> 

 14:39 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 14:39 <sarnold> #topic Review of previous action items

 14:40 <sarnold> I didn't see any previous action items in /lastlog #action -- was there anything else 'assigned' without the #action marker?

 14:41 <sarnold> okay, lets assume no, and move on

 14:41 <sarnold> #topic current component mismatches

 14:41 <sarnold> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg

 14:42 <sarnold> I don't recall the python-pure-sasl, pykerberos, python-mypy-extensions, python-typing-extensions, or the swarm of octavia packages

 14:43 <sarnold> octavia packages appear to have bugs filed, some a few hours ago

 14:44 <doko> I'll look at python-*-extensions

 14:45 <jamespage> I would volunteer for the octavia packages, but that's a bit like checking your own work (as that's come from my team)

 14:45 <doko> as long as you didn't package that yourself

 14:49 <jamespage> I did not

 14:50 <jamespage> if that's ok with others than I'm happy todo the first set of reviews - it will need a security team review

 14:50 <jamespage> as well

 14:50 <didrocks> sounds good to me

 14:50 <sarnold> sounds good, thanks

 14:51 <jamespage> ok

 14:51 <sarnold> do you know about the kazoo deps? I believe they were added in may so perhaps they're not as new as I thought, I just don't spot the names in /lastlog

 14:54 <jamespage> I do and I'm fixing that now to drop them

 14:54 <jamespage> its been a long standing thing I've struggled to get time to focus on

 14:54 <jamespage> tl;dr its not required for runtime

 14:54 <sarnold> ah, good news :)

 14:55 <sarnold> I'm familiar with the struggle

 14:55 <sarnold> I think that's the -proposed handled..

 14:55 <sarnold> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg

 14:55 <didrocks> (sorry, need to fetch my kid, back in 20 min in you need anything from me)

 14:56 <sarnold> I think the only new thing on this svg is the octavia, so..

 14:56 <jamespage> by didrocks

 14:56 <sarnold> bye didrocks

 14:56 <sarnold> #topic New MIRs

 14:56 <sarnold> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=NEW&assignee_option=none&field.assignee=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 14:57 <sarnold> I have to admit I know nothing about the oem-* packages

 14:58 <Laney> I don't think you need to be subscribed to those

 14:58 <sarnold> given the 'exceptions' mentinoed in a handful of the bug reports, I suspect there's nothing there

 14:58 <sarnold> s/nothing there/nothing for us to do there/

 14:59 <sarnold> which I think means..

 14:59 <sarnold> #topic Incomplete bugs / questions

 14:59 <sarnold> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 15:00 <sarnold> nothing recent here, I suspect there's nothing for us to do here today, as well

 15:00 <sarnold> #topic Any other business?

 15:02 <sarnold> I wasn't prepared for a clever countdown, so ..

 15:02 <sarnold> 3..

 15:02 <sarnold> 2..

 15:02 <sarnold> 1..

 15:02 <sarnold> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)