== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team, 09 Jan at 16:02 &mdash; 16:59 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2020/ubuntu-meeting.2020-01-09-16.02.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning rounds ===
The discussion about "Lightning rounds" started at 16:02.


=== Release incoming bugs ===
The discussion about "Release incoming bugs" started at 16:09.

  * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ff-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs 
  * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ee-incoming-bug-tasks.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-bb-incoming-bug-tasks.html 

=== Team proposed-migration report ===
The discussion about "Team proposed-migration report" started at 16:23.

  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs 

=== AOB ===
The discussion about "AOB" started at 16:41.

  * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~doko/ftbfs-report/test-rebuild-20191220-focal-focal.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://qa.ubuntuwire.com/ftbfs/ 
  * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_output_notest.txt 



== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * bdmurray (57)
 * vorlon (54)
 * doko (27)
 * xnox (17)
 * tdaitx (13)
 * juliank (11)
 * ubottu (10)
 * infinity (9)
 * waveform (9)
 * meetingology (3)



== Full Log ==


 16:02 <bdmurray> #startmeeting Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team

 16:02 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Jan  9 16:02:26 2020 UTC.  The chair is bdmurray. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:02 <meetingology> 

 16:02 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 16:02 <bdmurray> #topic Lightning rounds

 16:02 <bdmurray> vorlon sil2100 waveform doko bdmurray infinity mwhudson tdaitx cyphermox rbalint xnox juliank

 16:03 <bdmurray> vorlon - you win!

 16:03 <vorlon> hmm :)

 16:04 <vorlon> * happy new year!

 16:04 <vorlon> * landed zfs snapshot backend support in schroot (Debian bug #947919)

 16:04 <vorlon> * i386 follow-through:

 16:04 <vorlon> * uninstallables down to 14 on i386, and in progress https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/focal_uninst.txt

 16:04 <ubottu> Debian bug 947919 in schroot "schroot: Support for ZFS snapshotting" [Wishlist,Fixed] http://bugs.debian.org/947919

 16:04 <vorlon> * will be going through autopkgtest failures that are blocking new versions of i386 packages in -proposed

 16:04 <vorlon> * Discussions around /usr/bin/python in focal

 16:04 <vorlon> (done)

 16:04 <bdmurray> sil2100 is out

 16:04 <bdmurray> waveform:

 16:04 <xnox> nice

 16:04 <waveform> * Tested Pi4 Bionic SRU on all available hardware; all packages work, still need to verify a "clean build" of the image

 16:04 <waveform> * Tested bootscript with pi2 and pi3 variants of the u-boot script

 16:04 <waveform> * Worked on test suite for pictl

 16:04 <waveform> (done)

 16:04 <bdmurray> waveform: what is pictl?

 16:05 <bdmurray> doko:

 16:05 <doko> Removed all unversiond Python packages

 16:05 <doko> - Now rebuilding everything which still depends on it and became uninstallable

 16:05 <doko> - focal test rebuilds finished

 16:05 <doko> - reproducing and forwarding GCC 10 issues from the test rebuild

 16:05 <doko> - binutils update from the trunk

 16:05 <doko> - GCC 9 / 10 updates

 16:05 <doko> (done)

 16:05 <bdmurray> bdmurray:

 16:05 <bdmurray> oh that's me!

 16:05 <bdmurray> sponsored flash-kernel, linux-firmware-raspi2, u-boot uploads to 18.04

 16:05 <bdmurray> updated apport to send crash files to LP for focal

 16:05 <bdmurray> overrode an update-notifier false positive for the phased-updater

 16:06 <waveform> bdmurray, pictl is the pi configuration tool for manipulating the boot configuration

 16:06 <bdmurray> SRU verification of mount bash-completion (LP: #1845529)

 16:06 <bdmurray> reviewed apport MP re O_PATH (LP: #1851806) from tdaitx

 16:06 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1845529 in Debian "bash completion shows `awk: line 18: function gensub never defined` on `umount /dev/<Tab>`" [Unknown,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1845529

 16:06 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1851806 in apport (Ubuntu) "'module' object has no attribute 'O_PATH'" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1851806

 16:06 <bdmurray> investigation into / discovered fix for release user graph lines not updating on errors.ubuntu.com

 16:07 <bdmurray> infinity:

 16:07 <infinity> - Catching up on email after 3+ weeks out.

 16:07 <infinity> - Working through HR training that got resurrected.

 16:07 <infinity> - debhelper merge.

 16:07 <infinity> - Working on riscv64 bootstrap (in-archive build will be early Feb)

 16:07 <infinity> - Starting on glibc 2.31.

 16:07 <infinity> (done)

 16:07 <tdaitx> * apport O_PATH fix (LP: #1851806)

 16:07 <tdaitx> - review process, some extra fixes, committed to focal after approval

 16:07 <tdaitx> - applying reviewed changes to xenial, bionic, disco, eoan

 16:07 <tdaitx> * jck-11

 16:07 <tdaitx> - saving test results as jenkins artifacts

 16:07 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1851806 in apport (Ubuntu) "'module' object has no attribute 'O_PATH'" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1851806

 16:07 <tdaitx> - comparison between previous and current run

 16:07 <tdaitx> Other:

 16:07 <tdaitx> - finished pending trainings

 16:07 <tdaitx> - getting my travel ticket fixed (issued under wrong name, previous agent is on vacation)

 16:07 <tdaitx> - hatting these new super strict wifi firewalls (forced dns, no ssh, no vpn under any port/protocol)

 16:07 <tdaitx> (done)

 16:07 <bdmurray> oops no cyphermox

 16:08 <bdmurray> rbalint is out

 16:08 <bdmurray> xnox:

 16:08 <xnox> 9th January:

 16:08 <xnox> Uploaded nss & openssl using tlsv1.2 minimum

 16:08 <xnox> Openssl sets SECLEVEL=2 as well, meaning RSA 2048bit keys minimum

 16:08 <xnox> Fixing fallout from above, as debian doesnâ€™t enforce the above at build/test time

 16:08 <xnox> Gnutls patches are proposed upstream and being reviewed

 16:08 <xnox> Boost updates for various abi/i386 things, transition to 1.71 has not started yet

 16:08 <xnox> Chasing cloggages in proposed-migrations here and there

 16:08 <xnox> Cape town prep meetings

 16:08 <xnox> done

 16:08 <bdmurray> juliank:

 16:08 <juliank> * Fixed apt's GTest discovery for 1.9, made it stop skipping tests silently if it can't find gtest

 16:08 <juliank> * Fixed apt's unit tests

 16:09 <juliank> * Fixed apt indirectly aborting() python-apt due to GIL/AcquireProgress interaction https://salsa.debian.org/apt-team/apt/commit/84176f6cde1fda522a3aad21d8238c7bd603da87

 16:09 <juliank> * Improved APT cache generation speed by 10%: https://salsa.debian.org/apt-team/apt/merge_requests/92

 16:09 <juliank> * WIP: Switching APT to libgcrypt, much faster, hw-accelerated SHA hashing and stuff https://salsa.debian.org/apt-team/apt/merge_requests/89

 16:09 <juliank> Also I think I merged some merge requests in APT

 16:09 <juliank> (done)

 16:09 <bdmurray> #topic Release incoming bugs

 16:10 <bdmurray> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ff-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 16:10 <bdmurray> So some new bugs have been tagged rls-ff-incoming over the break

 16:11 <bdmurray> bug 1856863 is assigned to jibel

 16:11 <ubottu> bug 1856863 in ubiquity (Ubuntu Focal) "Ubiquity crashes when partitioning the disk with ZFS installation" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1856863

 16:11 <bdmurray> Bug 1856993 was targetted but not untagged...

 16:11 <ubottu> bug 1856993 in gcc-9 (Ubuntu Focal) "The focal-proposed gcc-9 version makes pocl build to fail" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1856993

 16:12 <bdmurray> It's already in trello so untagging it.

 16:12 <bdmurray> bug 1858013

 16:12 <ubottu> bug 1858013 in ubiquity (Ubuntu) "20.04 installer doesn't note power cable status on 'prepare to install' window" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1858013

 16:12 <bdmurray> xnox: Would that be something more appropriate for the desktop team?

 16:13 <xnox> bdmurray:  depends. one thing needs checking is

 16:13 <xnox> if the battery indicator works correctly on that laptop; and generically i.e. power source present or not.

 16:13 <xnox> cause it might be that laptop/kernel issue not detecting powercable present / charging

 16:13 <xnox> or stuff in the installer page not being sensitive to it.

 16:13 <bdmurray> ah, so boot the live cd and see what the battery status is?

 16:14 <xnox> yeap, and if there is lightning icon when power plugged in, and no lightning when unplugged.

 16:14 * xnox comments on the bug

 16:14 <bdmurray> thanks!

 16:14 <bdmurray> okay, so we'll set that to incomplete and wait to see what happens

 16:15 <bdmurray> xnox: is bug 1856424 something we should target to focal? It has a trello card already

 16:15 <ubottu> bug 1856424 in grub2 (Ubuntu) "please add smbios module to the signed grub2 images" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1856424

 16:16 <bdmurray> Since there is a trello card let's target it to Focal.

 16:17 <bdmurray> #linux http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ee-incoming-bug-tasks.html

 16:17 <bdmurray> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ee-incoming-bug-tasks.html

 16:18 <bdmurray> nothing new there but bug 1856045 needs the rls-ee-incoming tag removed I'll fix that

 16:18 <ubottu> bug 1856045 in libcap2 (Ubuntu Eoan) "capabilities set with setcap are not honoured" [Undecided,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1856045

 16:18 <bdmurray> I still need to review this list for items to carry over for FF

 16:19 <bdmurray> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-bb-incoming-bug-tasks.html

 16:19 <bdmurray> Ah I thought bug 1856560 was familiar

 16:19 <ubottu> bug 1856560 in util-linux (Ubuntu) "ds-identify - stuck in uninterruptible sleep state" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1856560

 16:20 <bdmurray> xnox: Did you see the response there?

 16:22 <bdmurray> Okay, xnox will follow up on that bug and close it out.

 16:23 <bdmurray> #topic Team proposed-migration report

 16:23 <bdmurray> #link http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs

 16:24 <bdmurray> vorlon: Do you want to help dole these out?

 16:24 <juliank> python-apt:i386 needs the usual i386 handling

 16:24 <vorlon> I suppose :)

 16:24 <vorlon> who wants to look at netcat-openbsd?

 16:24 <vorlon> juliank: what do you mean by "usual"?

 16:24 <juliank> vorlon: I forgot the name, but it's not installalbe anymore

 16:25 <vorlon> juliank: if it's never going to be installable for cross-tests (because python, probably?), then it should be permanently blacklisted

 16:25 <juliank> it should be

 16:25 <vorlon> ok, I'll update that after we dole out the packages

 16:25 <vorlon> netcat-openbsd

 16:25 <waveform> vorlon, the netcat-openbsd one was simply a postgres 11 v 12 issue IIRC, probably just needs re-running

 16:26 <vorlon> ok, I'll take that one for rerunning (waveform, do you have access to trigger autopkgtests?)

 16:26 <vorlon> automake-1.16

 16:26 <waveform> no I don't think I do (or at least last time I tried I didn't)

 16:26 <bdmurray> automake is me

 16:27 <vorlon> ok

 16:27 <vorlon> openjdk-lts

 16:27 <vorlon> tdaitx: are we going to make the openjdk autopkgtests work on i386?

 16:27 <doko> openjdk-lts: we should keep that, it provides the client VM, which the amd64 package doesn't provide

 16:28 <vorlon> yes, but are you going to fix the autopkgtests to be cross-runnable

 16:29 <vorlon> is this tdaitx or doko to follow through on?

 16:29 <tdaitx> hmm, for i386 autopkgtests it depends on how much effort it takes, I haven't looked in what is needed

 16:29 <vorlon> ok, it's yours to investigate

 16:29 <vorlon> python-geoip: blocked because it makes python-torctl uninstallable, so this needs python2 removal work

 16:29 <tdaitx> alright

 16:29 <vorlon> waveform: do you want python-geoip?

 16:30 <waveform> vorlon, okay, I'll take that

 16:30 <vorlon> paramiko looks like it might just need an autopkgtest retry

 16:30 <vorlon> I'm taking that one

 16:31 <vorlon> python-colorama, more python2 revdeps that need cleaned up

 16:31 <vorlon> xnox: you can have python-colorama

 16:31 <vorlon> python-future, ftbfs

 16:31 <xnox> vorlon:  yeah

 16:31 <vorlon> doko: can you take that one?

 16:32 <doko> vorlon: yes, in progress

 16:32 <vorlon> sphinx-rtd-theme, looks like a flaky autopkgtest, I'll chase that

 16:32 <vorlon> python-apt, already sorted per juliank

 16:32 <vorlon> python3.7: i386 autopkgtests

 16:33 <doko> just ignore?

 16:33 <vorlon> doko: ^^ I guess that's never going to be cross-installable so we should permanently ignore?

 16:33 <doko> same as python3.8

 16:33 <vorlon> ok, I'll sort those

 16:33 <vorlon> fribidi

 16:34 <vorlon> who doesn't have one yet?

 16:35 <vorlon> looks like everyone has at least one

 16:35 <vorlon> waveform: you can have fribidi also

 16:35 <waveform> vorlon, ta

 16:35 <doko> hmm, we have a seldom guest this meeting ;p

 16:35 <vorlon> infinity: and you can have netbase

 16:35 <vorlon> libpipeline is i386 autopkgtest, I'll take that

 16:35 <infinity> vorlon: I love netboase.  I'm going to squeeze it and hug it and name it Steve.

 16:36 <vorlon> python-click is related to colorama

 16:36 <vorlon> xnox: so you get python-colorama + python-click

 16:37 <vorlon> libedit, bunch of failing revdep autopkgtests

 16:37 <vorlon> juliank: ^^ can you take?

 16:37 <juliank> I guess so

 16:38 <vorlon> doko: gcc-9 autopkgtests, linux on all archs and gcc-9/i386; can you drive this?

 16:38 <doko> vorlon: please ignore i386 autopkg tests, the linux failures are addressed, needs kernel fixing

 16:38 <vorlon> libregexp-pattern-license-perl needs a promotion/MIR of libre-engine-re2-perl

 16:38 <doko> I can write that MIR

 16:39 <vorlon> doko: let's talk in more detail after the meeting about what kind of hint to use for gcc-9/i386

 16:39 <vorlon> doko: I was going to give libre-engine-re2-perl to infinity, he likes those

 16:39 <vorlon> whoever takes libregexp-pattern-license-perl should also take licensecheck

 16:40 <doko> fine with me

 16:40 <vorlon> and that's the list

 16:40 <vorlon> bdmurray:

 16:40 <doko> to have infinity look at it

 16:40 <bdmurray> vorlon: thanks!

 16:41 <infinity> vorlon, doko: Check, I'll handle the perly bits.

 16:41 <doko> tdaitx: could you look at openjdk-8/armhf autopkg tests?

 16:41 <bdmurray> #topic AOB

 16:42 <bdmurray> Anything else?

 16:42 <doko> yes

 16:42 <doko> https://people.canonical.com/~doko/ftbfs-report/test-rebuild-20191220-focal-focal.html

 16:42 <doko> any volunteer to file bug reports for main?

 16:46 <doko> http://qa.ubuntuwire.com/ftbfs/

 16:49 <bdmurray> The qa.ubuntuwire.com link is pointing to disco

 16:49 <bdmurray> doko will chase that down

 16:50 <doko> I was volunteered :-(

 16:52 <doko> and one more thing:

 16:52 <doko> https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_output_notest.txt

 16:52 <doko> please look up the first occurance of python-defaults

 16:53 <doko> these are the packages which need removal or fixing. can I get some help on those?

 16:53 <bdmurray> doko: you mean the stuff after "armhf: "?

 16:54 <vorlon> fwiw I went through https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/focal/rcbuggy-problem-packages.html yesterday and removed a bunch of packages that were failing autopkgtests for python-defaults and removed from testing

 16:54 <doko> \o/

 16:55 <bdmurray> vorlon: so is the notest.txt file up to date / does it reflect your work?

 16:55 <vorlon> bdmurray: yes

 16:57 <bdmurray> doko: Okay, thanks for bringing those reports / work up.

 16:57 <bdmurray> Anything else?

 16:58 <infinity> Can we agree, as a team, that 9 days into 2020, we're now past the point of no return, and it's inappropriate to make hindsight-related jokes in any communication forum past, present, or currently unimagined?

 16:59 <bdmurray> Okay, thanks everybody!

 16:59 <bdmurray> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)