== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team, 28 May at 15:01 &mdash; 16:02 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2020/ubuntu-meeting.2020-05-28-15.01.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning rounds ===
The discussion about "Lightning rounds" started at 15:01.


=== Release incoming bugs ===
The discussion about "Release incoming bugs" started at 15:09.

  * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-gg-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs 
  * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ff-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs 

=== Team proposed-migration report ===
The discussion about "Team proposed-migration report" started at 15:44.

  * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/groovy/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs 

=== AOB ===
The discussion about "AOB" started at 15:59.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * bdmurray (76)
 * vorlon (59)
 * ubottu (27)
 * juliank (23)
 * sil2100 (22)
 * xnox (22)
 * slyon (21)
 * rbalint (18)
 * waveform (4)
 * tdaitx (4)
 * meetingology (3)
 * cjwatson (2)
 * mclemenceau (1)
 * ddstreet (1)



== Full Log ==


 15:01 <bdmurray> #startmeeting Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team

 15:01 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu May 28 15:01:11 2020 UTC.  The chair is bdmurray. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 15:01 <meetingology> 

 15:01 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 15:01 <juliank> o/

 15:01 <bdmurray> #topic Lightning rounds

 15:01 <rbalint> o/

 15:01 <bdmurray> echo $(shuf -e vorlon bdmurray xnox tdaitx doko sil2100 rbalint infinity mwhudson juliank waveform slyon)

 15:02 <bdmurray> mwhudson xnox tdaitx infinity slyon rbalint waveform doko sil2100 juliank bdmurray vorlon

 15:02 <bdmurray> xnox:

 15:02 <xnox> xnox/mwhudson: unpopulated ESP is now always created in ubiquity (TODO sru)

 15:02 <xnox> xnox/mwhudson: picking the right disk in ubiquity should work now too (TODO sru)

 15:02 <xnox> xnox/mwhudson: interactive netboot is now available (TODO sru)

 15:02 <xnox> Fixed up components-missmatches for built-using, i386, community-maas (TODO some reviews outstanding)

 15:02 <xnox> Migrated s390x debian-cd off d-i

 15:02 <xnox> Prepared cd-boot-images package to migrate the other .isos off d-i (Needs NEW review)

 15:02 <xnox> Tajik fonts finally fixed in gfxboot (TODO sru)

 15:02 <xnox> Available for +1 maintenance as a substitute, if one needs it

 15:02 <xnox> done

 15:03 <bdmurray> tdaitx: are you about or bailing water?

 15:03 <bdmurray> okay, how about slyon

 15:04 <slyon> == Distro ==

 15:04 <slyon> - Finally fixed python-httplib2 autopkgtest

 15:04 <slyon> * included test suite in upstream tarball

 15:04 <slyon> * prepared 0.18.1-1 release for Debian

 15:04 <slyon> * use new test suite for autopkgtest, skip failing network tests

 15:04 <slyon> - Learned and setup about Canonistack cloud account

 15:04 <slyon> * Could be used for reproducible autopkgtests (net/proxy restrictions)

 15:04 <slyon> - Finalized mathjax MIR, bug #1878937

 15:04 <slyon> == Netplan ==

 15:04 <ubottu> bug 1878937 in mathjax (Ubuntu) "[MIR] mathjax" [Undecided,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1878937

 15:04 <slyon> - Fixed netplan.io documentation, bug #1878631

 15:04 <slyon> - Confirmed bug #1878928 is a duplicate

 15:04 <slyon> - Research and discussed support for VRF devices, bug #1773522

 15:04 <ubottu> bug 1878631 in netplan "netplan.io documentation incorrect in 20.04 netplan" [Medium,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1878631

 15:04 <slyon> - Review & merge PR#84: nm: support route attributes and interface globbing

 15:04 <ubottu> bug 1878928 in netplan.io (Ubuntu) "Call trace occurred when running `netplan apply` after an yaml is removed" [Undecided,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1878928

 15:04 <slyon> - Prepared PR#140: itegration tests for interface globbing and NM routing

 15:04 <ubottu> bug 1773522 in netplan "[RFE] add support for VRF devices" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1773522

 15:04 <slyon> - Working on PR#142: OpenVSwitch Bonds

 15:04 <slyon> (done)

 15:04 <bdmurray> rbalint:

 15:04 <rbalint> * +1 maintenance https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-devel/2020-May/041012.html

 15:04 <rbalint> * proposed-migration: libcatmandu-sru-perl, libyaml-libyaml-perl, etc.

 15:04 <rbalint> * systemd bug fixes

 15:04 <rbalint> * partner work

 15:04 <rbalint> * kodi 18.7 upload via Debian + merge

 15:04 <rbalint> (done)

 15:05 <bdmurray> waveform:

 15:05 <waveform> * Built raspberrypi-userland packages for pi camera support on armhf and arm64 (and performed cursory verification of all utilities); currently working through myriad lintian warnings

 15:05 <waveform> * Verified python-apt SRUs (LP: #1311056), pending autopkgtest re-runs

 15:05 <waveform> * Built flash-kernel with core-20 boot script (for LP: #1871831)

 15:05 <waveform> (done)

 15:05 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1311056 in python-apt (Ubuntu Eoan) "[SRU] apt-add-repository adds duplicate commented/disabled source lines" [High,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1311056

 15:05 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1871831 in flash-kernel (Ubuntu) "Consolidate Core and Classic bootscripts" [Wishlist,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1871831

 15:05 <bdmurray> doko is out

 15:05 <bdmurray> sil2100:

 15:05 <sil2100> - SRU reviews and releases

 15:05 <sil2100> - Active work with the snapd team on the UC20 beta release

 15:05 <sil2100> - Added handling for dangerous-<channel> image builds for UC20 in livecd-rootfs and cdimage

 15:05 <sil2100> * Pushed it to the UC20 PPA + merged into LP branches, need SRUing

 15:05 <sil2100> * Did some cdimage cleanup as well

 15:06 <sil2100> - PR reviews for UC20

 15:06 <sil2100> - Looked into the reasoning for some mkfs.ext4 flags used in snapd

 15:06 <sil2100> - netplan:

 15:06 <sil2100> * PR reviews

 15:06 <sil2100> * Looking into helping out with SRUs for a regression fix

 15:06 <sil2100> * A bit more code reviewing of the NM netplan plugin

 15:06 <sil2100> * Work on some SR-IOV improvements

 15:06 <sil2100> * Looking into OVS bridges

 15:06 <sil2100> - Manually tinkering/fixing old 18-pi3 pi-gadget snap to include missing bluetooth slots

 15:06 <sil2100> - Re-merged the ActivationMode PR for systemd networkd, waiting for upstream

 15:06 <sil2100> - Iterated on some core image builds

 15:06 <sil2100> - Looking into tooling for simplestreams generation (for images) - started tinkering one manually

 15:06 <bdmurray> sil2100: what regression fix?

 15:06 <sil2100> - NEW review of nvidia-graphics-drivers-440-server

 15:06 <sil2100> (done)

 15:06 <bdmurray> juliank:

 15:06 <juliank> * performed a clean install of 20.04 on my old x230 -- full disk encrypted ZFS zsys setup (aes-256-gcm encryption) -- and discovered bug 1880564

 15:06 <ubottu> bug 1880564 in ubuntu-drivers-common (Ubuntu) "ubuntu-drivers-common now pulls in build tools on end-user systems" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1880564

 15:06 <juliank> * apt commit review

 15:07 <juliank> * released apt 2.1.5 with more solver fixes, still bugs remaining :/

 15:07 <juliank> * fixed a few bugs in apt-solver-kalel to check how it interacts on those bugs

 15:07 <juliank> * finally approved ddstreet's software-properties merge request

 15:07 <juliank> * prodding people

 15:07 <juliank> * email and bug triage

 15:07 <juliank> (done)

 15:07 <bdmurray> bdmurray:

 15:07 <bdmurray> SRU verification of apport bug LP: #1774843

 15:07 <bdmurray> paramiko -proposed migration investigation (missing dir - 960899)

 15:07 <bdmurray> worked with philroche regarding livecd-rootfs SRU

 15:07 <bdmurray> reported subiquity bug LP: #1880244

 15:07 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1774843 in apport (Ubuntu Focal) "apport python exception for python versions which python-apt is not built on" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1774843

 15:07 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1880244 in subiquity "subiquity does not include a SystemIdentifier in its crash reports" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1880244

 15:07 <bdmurray> uploaded imagemagick fixing LP: #1447968

 15:07 <bdmurray> clarified upgrade command differences for 18.04 TLS in release notes

 15:07 <bdmurray> updated auto-upgrade-testing-specifications for focal -> groovy testing

 15:07 <bdmurray> reported update-manager bug LP: #1880996

 15:07 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1447968 in imagemagick (Ubuntu) "ImageMagick is missing JPEG2000 support (needs to be built with openjpeg)" [Medium,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1447968

 15:07 <sil2100> bdmurray: bleh, I regressed a certain case of handling interface renaming while refactoring some code

 15:07 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1880996 in update-manager (Ubuntu) "two different debug options" [Medium,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1880996

 15:08 <bdmurray> reported / investigated update-manager bug LP: #1880987

 15:08 <bdmurray> uploaded a fix for LP: #1826213 to groovy, wrote a test case for it too

 15:08 <bdmurray> sent email to ubuntu-devel re block-proposed-<series> and -v for changelogs

 15:08 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1880987 in update-manager (Ubuntu) "/usr/bin/update-manager:TypeError:_on_finished:_action_done:get_deb2snap_dups:_on_finished:_action_done:get_deb2snap_dups" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1880987

 15:08 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1826213 in update-manager (Ubuntu) "/usr/bin/update-manager:AttributeError:/usr/bin/update-manager@118:start_update:start_available:refresh_cache:update" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1826213

 15:08 <sil2100> bdmurray: I'll be assisting in SRUing the fix for that

 15:08 <bdmurray> sil2100: got it, thanks

 15:08 <bdmurray> âœ” done

 15:08 <bdmurray> vorlon:

 15:08 <vorlon> * out Monday and Tuesday

 15:08 <vorlon> * Wednesday and Thursday, working on +1 maintenance; more detailed accounting to follow on mailing list

 15:08 <vorlon> * working on the big gdal/gsl/hdf5/proj/qt transition, mostly down in the weeds on numeric packages and retrying their autopkgtests with the right triggers

 15:08 <vorlon> * number of packages made uninstallable by the transition reduced from 2k+ to 579 in the past day or so

 15:08 <vorlon> * h5py should be clear to go soon also

 15:08 <vorlon> (done)

 15:09 <bdmurray> any questions on status?

 15:09 <bdmurray> #topic Release incoming bugs

 15:10 <bdmurray> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-gg-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 15:10 <bdmurray> sorting by importance (vorlon!)

 15:10 <vorlon> :)

 15:10 <bdmurray> dbus timeout is desktop

 15:11 <bdmurray> bug 1833174 seems to be fixed upstream

 15:11 <ubottu> bug 1833174 in vim (Ubuntu) " Shadowing the vim-window results in vim-gtk3 crash" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1833174

 15:11 <bdmurray> seems like a good one to SRU for 20.04

 15:12 <bdmurray> so lets card that one

 15:12 <bdmurray> bug 1870189

 15:12 <ubottu> bug 1870189 in livecd-rootfs (Ubuntu) "initramfs does not get loaded" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1870189

 15:13 <vorlon> that's about the behavior of the cpc images, so cpc should pick it up rather than us

 15:13 <bdmurray> okay mclemenceau can you notify them about that bug?

 15:13 <juliank> cpc-welp :D

 15:14 <bdmurray> bug 1873545

 15:14 <ubottu> bug 1873545 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu) "Permission denied error from show-motd when updates available" [Medium,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1873545

 15:14 <bdmurray> rbalint: that has a fix merged?

 15:14 <rbalint> yes

 15:14 <bdmurray> so if its being worked lets target it and remove the tag

 15:15 <bdmurray> What does foundations need to do here?

 15:15 <bdmurray> Upload u-r-u?

 15:15 <rbalint> release the package, yes

 15:15 <rbalint> and probably sru

 15:16 <bdmurray> okay, it'll need a test case and stuff though but desktop can do that

 15:16 <bdmurray> bug 1427600

 15:16 <ubottu> bug 1427600 in apport (Ubuntu Xenial) "apport-unpack: ValueError: ['UserGroups'] has no binary content" [Low,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1427600

 15:16 <juliank> i saw this too

 15:17 <sil2100> Wow, that's an old one

 15:17 <bdmurray> let's take and card that

 15:18 <bdmurray> and make users surprised we fixed it

 15:18 <bdmurray> bug 1880197

 15:18 <ubottu> bug 1880197 in shim-signed (Ubuntu) "ephemeral key used to sign mokmanager should have better certificate attributes" [Low,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1880197

 15:18 <vorlon> this is marked low and I think that's accurate; notfixing?

 15:19 <bdmurray> okay

 15:19 <xnox> sure

 15:19 <bdmurray> bug 1880259

 15:19 <ubottu> bug 1880259 in grub2 (Ubuntu) "please build a monolithic powerpc.elf" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1880259

 15:20 <vorlon> xnox: do we still need this, or is it superseded by your cd-boot-images package work?

 15:22 <vorlon> seems like we should ignore these for now, and next week we will have more information about whether we should do this in grub or use the cd-boot-images package

 15:22 <bdmurray> then bug 1880250

 15:22 <ubottu> bug 1880250 in plymouth (Ubuntu) "disk check progress no longer visible" [Undecided,Incomplete] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1880250

 15:25 <bdmurray> bug 1879496

 15:25 <ubottu> bug 1879496 in grub2 (Ubuntu) "upgrade-from-grub-legacy: environment variable DPKG_MAINTSCRIPT_NAME is required" [Undecided,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1879496

 15:25 <juliank> Do we really need this in like groovy?

 15:25 <juliank> who upgrades from grub legacy to grub2 in which releases?

 15:26 <vorlon> if we're not going to ever forcibly transition users to grub2 as part of the upgrade, the script needs to stay around

 15:26 <vorlon> otoh it's amazing that the script has apparently been unusable for 4 years and this is the first bug report

 15:26 <vorlon> for literally years

 15:26 <juliank> anyway sounds like an easy thing to do

 15:27 <bdmurray> so let's target and card that too

 15:27 <juliank> +1

 15:27 <bdmurray> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ff-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 15:30 <bdmurray> sorting by descending date created

 15:30 <bdmurray> bug 1880853

 15:30 <ubottu> bug 1880853 in initramfs-tools (Ubuntu) "libc6-lse lets update-initramfs fail on AWS m6g instances" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1880853

 15:30 <rbalint> i think we should take that

 15:30 <bdmurray> rbalint: why?

 15:32 <rbalint> it is installed by default on such instances and those can't upgrade

 15:32 <bdmurray> okay, lets fix that then

 15:32 <bdmurray> rbalint: you also tagged bug 1880541

 15:32 <ubottu> bug 1880541 in systemd (Ubuntu) "package udev 245.4-4ubuntu3 failed to install/upgrade: podproces zainstalowany pakiet udev skrypt post-installation returned error code 1" [Undecided,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1880541

 15:33 <bdmurray> should we target that for 20.04.1?

 15:33 <rbalint> bdmurray, i think so

 15:34 <bdmurray> we already talked about the plymouth bug

 15:35 <bdmurray> bug 1879592

 15:35 <ubottu> bug 1879592 in netplan.io (Ubuntu) "Netplan does not apply at boot after upgrade to 20.04" [Undecided,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1879592

 15:36 <bdmurray> slyon: have you seen this bug report?

 15:36 <slyon> not yet.. just reading it

 15:36 <slyon> not sure why it would work with 'netplan apply' but not on boot... I guess that is worth debugging

 15:37 <ddstreet> slyon that looks like maybe lp #1860926

 15:37 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1860926 in systemd (Ubuntu Bionic) "Ubuntu 20.04 Systemd fails to configure bridged network" [Medium,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1860926

 15:37 <bdmurray> slyon: if you can ask a quick question and pop it to incomplete lets do that and revisit next week

 15:37 <slyon> bdmurray, will do

 15:39 <bdmurray> I think we can skip the subiquity ones

 15:39 <bdmurray> bug 1876506

 15:39 <ubottu> bug 1876506 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu) "eoan to focal upgrade hangs when lvm snapshot is present" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1876506

 15:40 <bdmurray> I made an attempt to recreate this but it wasn't easy enough for me to do quickly

 15:40 <bdmurray> juliank: it mentions grube-probe...

 15:40 <cjwatson> vorlon: it's not the first bug report, https://bugs.debian.org/943387 was the first bug report :P

 15:40 <ubottu> Debian bug 943387 in grub-pc "upgrade-from-grub-legacy: environment variable DPKG_MAINTSCRIPT_NAME is required" [Normal,Fixed]

 15:41 <vorlon> cjwatson: oh :)

 15:41 <cjwatson> but people have been slack about merging Debian into Ubuntu

 15:41 <juliank> is that related to os-prober or stuff?

 15:41 <vorlon> juliank: ^^ you're TIL

 15:41 <juliank> I removed os-prober from my system because grub was unusable with snapshots with it

 15:41 <bdmurray> I'm glad you fixed it for yourself. ;-)

 15:42 <vorlon> heh

 15:42 <juliank> I do use thin snapshots, though, they don't look different from normal volumes I believe, so it's not possible to ignore them

 15:42 <bdmurray> To be fair I was hacking debian changelog vim syntax highlighting on my local system in the past week.

 15:42 <vorlon> cjwatson: so the script was unusable for 3 years in Debian instead of 4 ;)

 15:43 <vorlon> bdmurray: +1 for carding the lvm snapshot issue

 15:43 <bdmurray> okay, lets move on to -proposed

 15:44 <bdmurray> #topic Team proposed-migration report

 15:44 <vorlon> [LINK] https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/groovy/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs

 15:45 <vorlon> numpy seems to have caused a real regression in python-meshio, we're waiting for upstream input; mclemenceau it doesn't look like you've opened an update-excuse bug on this yet?

 15:45 <vorlon> mclemenceau reports that he's bisecting, so still in progress

 15:47 <vorlon> perl is a candidate but tied into the big messy soname transition I'm working on

 15:47 <vorlon> the next 2 are also dependent on perl

 15:47 <vorlon> python-numpy blocking python-tz, who can take this?

 15:47 <rbalint> i take that

 15:47 <vorlon> rbalint: actually, python-tz generally please

 15:47 <vorlon> (3 revdeps w/ autopkgtest regressions)

 15:47 <rbalint> vorlon, i was about to suggest that

 15:48 <vorlon> ta

 15:48 <vorlon> netplan.io blocking network-manager on arm64 - slyon do you want to look at this? (might just require an autopkgtest retrigger, in which case you can ask on #ubuntu-release for us to do that)

 15:48 <slyon> vorlon, yep, that's mine

 15:48 <vorlon> thanks

 15:48 <tdaitx> back

 15:49 <vorlon> golang-defaults is probably a false-positive on autopkgtests since this is a minor package change only; I'll investigate

 15:49 <vorlon> util-linux is a riscv64 build regression

 15:49 <vorlon> anybody keen to debug util-linux build failure in a riscv64 qemu?

 15:50 <xnox> $ rmadison libboost-wave-dev -s groovy

 15:50 <xnox> libboost-wave-dev | 1.71.0.0ubuntu2 | groovy/universe | i386

 15:50 <xnox> libboost-wave-dev | 1.71.0.0ubuntu4 | groovy/universe | amd64, arm64, armhf, ppc64el, riscv64, s390x

 15:50 <xnox> $ rmadison libboost-wave-dev -s groovy

 15:50 <xnox> libboost-wave-dev | 1.71.0.0ubuntu2 | groovy/universe | i386

 15:50 <xnox> libboost-wave-dev | 1.71.0.0ubuntu4 | groovy/universe | amd64, arm64, armhf, ppc64el, riscv64, s390x

 15:50 <xnox> $ rmadison libboost-wave-dev -s groovy

 15:50 <xnox> libboost-wave-dev | 1.71.0.0ubuntu2 | groovy/universe | i386

 15:50 <xnox> libboost-wave-dev | 1.71.0.0ubuntu4 | groovy/universe | amd64, arm64, armhf, ppc64el, riscv64, s390x

 15:50 <xnox> bah

 15:50 <xnox> sorry for spam

 15:51 <vorlon> sounds like the cert team has riscv64 vms as a service

 15:52 <vorlon> bdmurray: this is yours :)

 15:52 <vorlon> python-secretstorage vs python3-jeepney, that's an MIR that was deferred last cycle

 15:52 <vorlon> I'll chase it

 15:53 <vorlon> vim, another riscv64 build regression

 15:53 <vorlon> tdaitx: ^^ do you want to take this one?

 15:53 <vorlon> git blocked on fdroidserver, I'll chase that

 15:54 <tdaitx> vorlon: will do

 15:54 <vorlon> tdaitx: thanks

 15:54 <vorlon> apt-clone blocking make-dfsg: juliank ?

 15:54 * juliank takes apt-clone, dpkg blocks make-dfsg; and autopkgtest, update-notifier blocks apt

 15:54 <juliank> so yes

 15:54 <vorlon> juliank: does that mean you'll take all the make-dfsg blocks?

 15:55 <juliank> I can try

 15:55 <vorlon> thanks

 15:55 <juliank> I know the others are pyflakes issues, and dpkg a weird make one

 15:55 <vorlon> openjdk-8 blocking xorg-server

 15:55 <vorlon> tdaitx: ^^ maybe you can knock this one out quickly while waiting on riscv64 vim builds :)

 15:55 <tdaitx> wut? let me take a look at that

 15:55 <juliank> (pyflakes issue ~ python2 pyflakes removed, need to use pyflakes3 instead)

 15:55 <vorlon> :)

 15:55 <vorlon> re2 is a candidate but stuck in the big transition

 15:56 <vorlon> libre-engine-re2-perl, also blocked by perl transition

 15:57 <vorlon> ucf vs mercurial on s390x

 15:57 <vorlon> ISTR mercurial/s390x being flaky, so maybe easy

 15:57 <rbalint> i retried

 15:57 <vorlon> ok

 15:57 <vorlon> then rbalint can follow through on the results

 15:57 <rbalint> ok

 15:58 <vorlon> and fonts-dejavu looks like it has dropped the legacy ttf-* names and needs revdeps to transition

 15:58 <vorlon> xnox: can you take this pile of wax?

 15:58 <xnox> ok

 15:58 <vorlon> ta

 15:58 <vorlon> and that's the list

 15:58 <vorlon> bdmurray:

 15:59 <bdmurray> #topic AOB

 15:59 <rbalint> i'll be out tomorrow and on Monday

 16:00 <vorlon> ah yes, worth mentioning that I'm out next week

 16:00 <slyon> i'll be out Monday as well

 16:01 <mclemenceau> o/

 16:01 * bdmurray waves to mclemenceau

 16:02 <tdaitx> I am taking half-day off (afternoon) today and tomorrow

 16:02 <bdmurray> Okay, I don't want to hear anybody taking time off

 16:02 <bdmurray> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)