== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team, 18 Jun at 15:02 &mdash; 16:05 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2020/ubuntu-meeting.2020-06-18-15.02.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning rounds ===
The discussion about "Lightning rounds" started at 15:02.


=== Release incoming bugs ===
The discussion about "Release incoming bugs" started at 15:12.

  * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-gg-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs 
  * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ff-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs 

=== Team proposed-migration report ===
The discussion about "Team proposed-migration report" started at 15:45.

  * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs 

=== AOB ===
The discussion about "AOB" started at 16:04.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * vorlon (72)
 * bdmurray (58)
 * sil2100 (22)
 * slyon (18)
 * xnox (17)
 * ubottu (16)
 * juliank (14)
 * rbalint (11)
 * doko (8)
 * meetingology (3)
 * mclemenceau (1)



== Full Log ==


 15:02 <bdmurray> #startmeeting Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team

 15:02 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Jun 18 15:02:33 2020 UTC.  The chair is bdmurray. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 15:02 <meetingology> 

 15:02 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 15:02 <bdmurray> #topic Lightning rounds

 15:03 <xnox> hola

 15:03 <rbalint> o/

 15:03 <bdmurray> echo $(shuf -e vorlon bdmurray xnox tdaitx doko sil2100 rbalint infinity mwhudson juliank waveform slyon)

 15:03 <bdmurray> vorlon waveform infinity mwhudson sil2100 bdmurray xnox rbalint tdaitx doko juliank slyon

 15:03 <juliank> o/

 15:04 <vorlon> * various debian-cd, ubuntu-cdimage reviews for groovy

 15:04 <vorlon> * landed change to ubuntu-cdimage to drop checksums < SHA256

 15:04 <vorlon> * reviewed the keysigning output from Frankfurt (finally)

 15:05 <vorlon> (done)

 15:05 <bdmurray> Dave is out

 15:05 <bdmurray> so sil2100

 15:05 <sil2100> o/

 15:06 <sil2100> - Shorter week due to PTO last week

 15:06 <sil2100> * Lots of backlog reading

 15:06 <sil2100> - SRU reviews and releases (with HWE reviews for the point-releases)

 15:06 <sil2100> - +1 maintenance on Monday and Tuesday

 15:06 <sil2100> - DMB meeting

 15:06 <sil2100> - neplan:

 15:06 <sil2100> * Reviewing PRs for documentation versioning and NM globbing/route integration tests

 15:06 <sil2100> * Review PR for arm64 autopkgtest breakage with new NM

 15:06 <sil2100> * Sponsoring the above for groovy (in progress)

 15:06 <sil2100> * Started reviewing OVS controller (and others!) PR - looking good so far!

 15:06 <sil2100> - ubuntu-image:

 15:06 <sil2100> * Reviewed PR for UC20 new snap prepare-image copytree mechanics, requested changes, needs re-review

 15:06 <sil2100> * Reviewed PR for fdisk dependency change, sponsored into groovy

 15:06 <sil2100> - Prepared and uploaded backports for python-botocore, python-s3transfer and awscli for the CPC team

 15:06 <sil2100> - Appliance related meetings

 15:06 <sil2100> - UC20 status discussions

 15:06 <sil2100> - Built some test pi3-uc18-legacy images for cert testing (for the legacy images out there)

 15:06 <sil2100> - Continued some work on appliance cdimage stuff

 15:06 <sil2100> (done)

 15:07 <bdmurray> +1 maintenance

 15:07 <bdmurray> sync'ed golang-github-maraino-go-mock from debian

 15:07 <bdmurray> worked on having the ISO tracker display testcases for RPi hardware

 15:07 <bdmurray> worked on, submitted a PR for apt-hook changes

 15:07 <bdmurray> review of packages without subscribers

 15:07 <bdmurray> SRU verification of LP: #1874591, LP: #1826213

 15:07 <bdmurray> SRU special reviews of awscli, python-botocore, python-s3transfer

 15:07 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1874591 in update-manager (Ubuntu Focal) "[SRU] AptUrl GTK window stuck on screen after install completed" [High,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1874591

 15:07 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1826213 in update-manager (Ubuntu) "/usr/bin/update-manager:AttributeError:/usr/bin/update-manager@118:start_update:start_available:refresh_cache:update" [High,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1826213

 15:07 <bdmurray> that's all I have written down somehow

 15:07 <bdmurray> xnox:

 15:07 <xnox> sponsored things to get fonts-dejavu to migrate

 15:07 <xnox> retried bzip2 & uploaded cross-building test skip on i386 to get bzip2 to migrate

 15:07 <xnox> started icu 67 transition (which also should have CET patch built in)

 15:07 <xnox> cd-boot-images-$arch arch:all migration completed

 15:07 <xnox> ppc64le enabled for cd-boot-images

 15:07 <xnox> arm64 proposal in review

 15:07 <xnox> TODO amd64 enablement

 15:07 <xnox> TODO ubiquity vendor d-i

 15:07 <xnox> completed migration of dual signing with 2018&2012 key, groovy is now only signed with 2018 key

 15:07 <xnox> New libica for s390x https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/libica/+bug/1878650

 15:07 <ubottu> Error: Could not gather data from Launchpad for bug #1878650 (https://launchpad.net/bugs/1878650). The error has been logged

 15:07 <xnox> New opencryptoki for s390x https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/opencryptoki/+bug/1882808

 15:07 <ubottu> Error: Could not gather data from Launchpad for bug #1882808 (https://launchpad.net/bugs/1882808). The error has been logged

 15:07 <xnox> A bunch of my SRUs got released, thank you all

 15:08 <xnox> Progressing with missing CET rebuilds

 15:08 <xnox> done

 15:08 <bdmurray> rbalint:

 15:08 <rbalint> (short week)

 15:08 <rbalint> * partner work

 15:08 <rbalint> * LP: #1877078

 15:08 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1877078 in livecd-rootfs (Ubuntu) "Please ship empty /etc/fstab in LXD images" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1877078

 15:08 <rbalint> * meetings with discussions about optimizing autopkgtest usage

 15:08 <rbalint> * +1 maintenance - ongoing

 15:08 <rbalint> (done)

 15:09 <bdmurray> tdaitx_:

 15:09 <bdmurray> doko:

 15:09 <doko> - two days of +1 maintenace

 15:09 <doko> - CET: glibc upload

 15:09 <doko> - CET: look at interaction of -flto and -cf-protection

 15:09 <doko> - report a GCC 9 regression, test backport, upload

 15:09 <doko> - still need to look at the ftbfs of the GCC offload compilers

 15:09 <doko> (done)

 15:09 <bdmurray> juliank:

 15:09 <juliank> * short week, swapped last friday

 15:10 <juliank> * internal stuff

 15:10 <juliank> * pending: grub: Add "dis_ucode_ldr" to linux boot options for Recovery Mode (LP: #1831789)

 15:10 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1831789 in grub2 (Ubuntu Groovy) "Add "dis_ucode_ldr" to linux boot options for Recovery Mode" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1831789

 15:10 <juliank> (done)

 15:10 <slyon> - will be off tomorrow

 15:10 <slyon> - Finished work on ubuntu-bug/apport snap handling, bug #1861082

 15:10 <slyon> * Fixed in 2.20.11-0ubuntu40

 15:10 <slyon> === Netplan ===

 15:10 <slyon> - Finished & Merged docs setting versioning, PR#137

 15:10 <slyon> - Debugged & Fixed arm64 autopkgtest failure PR#146

 15:10 <ubottu> bug 1861082 in snapd "ubuntu-bug doesn't know how to file bugs against snaps" [Medium,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1861082

 15:10 <slyon> * distro-patch for Groovy awaiting review + sponsor:

 15:10 <slyon> https://code.launchpad.net/~slyon/netplan/+git/ubuntu/+merge/385995

 15:10 <slyon> - Debugged & Fixed tests for new NM interface globbing/routing, PR#140

 15:10 <slyon> - Wrote a NetworkManager plugin "test plan" document

 15:10 <slyon> * Shared with Desktop & Field teams, via foundations-crew

 15:10 <slyon> - Working on OVS patch-ports & ssl settings & integration tests, PR#147

 15:10 <slyon> (done)

 15:10 <bdmurray> speaking of bug 1861082 should we SRU that to 20.04?

 15:11 <slyon> I guess it might be useful for the LTS

 15:11 <bdmurray> I think so, vorlon?

 15:12 <vorlon> yeah that looks like a good thing to SRU

 15:12 <slyon> vorlon, bdmurray. I can prepare this SRU

 15:12 <bdmurray> slyon: great

 15:12 <bdmurray> #topic Release incoming bugs

 15:13 <bdmurray> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-gg-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 15:13 <bdmurray> bug 1874192

 15:13 <ubottu> bug 1874192 in update-notifier (Ubuntu) "Remove avahi .local notification support (no longer needed)" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1874192

 15:13 <bdmurray> So while that's not important it seems like something somebody doing the next upload of update-notifier could do.

 15:14 <vorlon> so do you think it needs carded/tracked?

 15:15 <bdmurray> I don't think it needs it but don't know if there is a better way to track it.

 15:15 <vorlon> maybe you want to just immediately claim the card and commit it to git and we can move on :)

 15:15 <bdmurray> Maybe targetted and not carded and hope the next uploader looks at targeted bugs.

 15:15 <vorlon> ok

 15:15 <bdmurray> okay

 15:16 <bdmurray> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ff-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 15:17 <mclemenceau> o/

 15:17 <bdmurray> bug 1863434

 15:17 <ubottu> bug 1863434 in grub2 (Ubuntu) "20.04 grub menu not visible" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1863434

 15:17 <juliank> sigh

 15:17 <vorlon> - invisible_ink=yes

 15:17 <vorlon> + invisible_ink=no

 15:18 <bdmurray> lol

 15:18 <vorlon> this is looking like a piled-on meta bug

 15:19 <juliank> I doN't understand the bug

 15:19 <vorlon> I don't think we should take it

 15:19 <bdmurray> What is the medium post about?

 15:19 <juliank> it says to add

 15:19 <juliank> GRUB_TIMEOUT_STYLE=menu

 15:19 <juliank> GRUB_TERMINAL=console

 15:19 <juliank> to /etc/default/grub

 15:22 <vorlon> notfixing based on confusing metabugness

 15:23 <bdmurray> bug 1829401 is already carded

 15:23 <ubottu> bug 1829401 in packagekit (Ubuntu) "gi.repository.GLib.GError: pk-client-error-quark: could not do untrusted question as no klass support" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1829401

 15:23 <vorlon> bdmurray: so do you want me to target it?

 15:23 <bdmurray> vorlon: I'm cleaning it up

 15:23 <vorlon> ok

 15:23 <bdmurray> bug 1875062

 15:23 <ubottu> bug 1875062 in ubiquity (Ubuntu) "[20.04] Keyboard layout not enabled immediately during installation when typing username/password" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1875062

 15:24 <bdmurray> Isn't that the same keyboard stuff we've been looking at? xnox?

 15:25 <xnox> yes

 15:26 <bdmurray> bug 1557739

 15:26 <ubottu> bug 1557739 in apport (Ubuntu) "apport-bug crashed with termios.error in raw_input_char(): (25, 'Inappropriate ioctl for device')" [Medium,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1557739

 15:27 <bdmurray> This doesn't seem too important

 15:27 <vorlon> agreed

 15:28 <vorlon> ancient, infrequent

 15:28 <bdmurray> There is an errors bucket with nothing new in it too

 15:28 <vorlon> so -notfixing?

 15:28 <bdmurray> yes, done

 15:28 <bdmurray> bug 1755452

 15:28 <ubottu> bug 1755452 in ubiquity (Ubuntu) "ubiquity crashed with ValueError in command(): I/O operation on closed file." [Medium,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1755452

 15:29 <vorlon> also doesn't look like a priority, if the reproducer is that ubiquity crashes when you quit it

 15:30 <vorlon> (valid bug; shouldn't be prioritized)

 15:30 <bdmurray> okay

 15:31 <bdmurray> bug 1858013

 15:31 <ubottu> bug 1858013 in ubiquity (Ubuntu) "20.04 installer doesn't note power cable status on 'prepare to install' window" [Medium,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1858013

 15:32 <bdmurray> Is the power cable status supposed to be there?

 15:32 <vorlon> "I wanted to double check instead of rely on memory - I downloaded the most recent build and the status icon on the top right is correct for me.

 15:32 <vorlon> "

 15:33 <bdmurray> So that slide of the installer is no longer there

 15:34 <vorlon> ok sounds like the problem is the iso tracker test case needs updated

 15:34 <bdmurray> yeah

 15:34 <vorlon> and we should do something about that, but it's not a code fix

 15:34 <vorlon> so should we take this card for the isotracker changes?

 15:35 <bdmurray> sounds reasonable

 15:35 <bdmurray> bug 1867007

 15:35 <ubottu> bug 1867007 in systemd (Ubuntu) "zfs-initramfs fails with multiple rpool on separate disks" [Medium,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1867007

 15:36 <rbalint> i think it is fixed

 15:37 <rbalint> no, i seem to be wrong

 15:41 <bdmurray> that seems like zfs / desktop team stuff

 15:41 <bdmurray> bug 1867465

 15:41 <ubottu> bug 1867465 in ubiquity (Ubuntu) "Installer disconnects wifi (after choosing download while installing, 3rd party)" [Medium,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1867465

 15:45 <vorlon> notfixing but getting it reassigned to systemd

 15:45 <bdmurray> let's stop there then

 15:45 <vorlon> (to figure out why the interface names are different between the two drivers)

 15:45 <bdmurray> #topic Team proposed-migration report

 15:46 <vorlon> [LINK] https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs

 15:46 <vorlon> the one at the top was golang-defaults, which I vaguely intimated last week should be given to mwhudson

 15:46 <vorlon> but of course he's not in the meeting

 15:46 <vorlon> so I'll follow up more concretely this week

 15:47 <vorlon> util-linux: bdmurray: is this still you?

 15:47 <bdmurray> Well I haven't gotten a chance to start but yes

 15:47 <vorlon> ok

 15:47 <vorlon> python-secretstorage is still the MIR

 15:47 <vorlon> vim is still me (I also haven't worked on it in the past week)

 15:48 <vorlon> xnox: bzip2 is yours

 15:48 <xnox> and in progress, sort of

 15:48 <vorlon> should be easy, it's just i386 autopkgtest regression

 15:48 <vorlon> :)

 15:49 <vorlon> oops, a refresh of the page makes bzip2 go away (or rather, farther down the list)

 15:49 <vorlon> numpy: it was "waiting" on some tests that were apparently not actually queued

 15:49 <vorlon> so I've requeued them and that should finally clear on its own today

 15:50 <vorlon> autopkgtest was me, I think gscan2pdf just needs to be hinted

 15:50 <vorlon> as a badtest

 15:51 <vorlon> (regardless, I'll follow up)

 15:51 <vorlon> then there are things blocked on perl migration

 15:51 <vorlon> and apt: juliank, you on this?

 15:51 <juliank> yeah, I'll look at stuff tomorrow

 15:53 <vorlon> libarchive

 15:53 <vorlon> doko: this was assigned to you, do you still have it?

 15:53 <doko> yes, not yet done

 15:53 <vorlon> ok

 15:54 <vorlon> juliank: are you also still on dpkg?

 15:54 <juliank> yes

 15:54 <vorlon> ok

 15:55 <vorlon> python-attrs was me last week, I fixed the autopkgtest blocker, now there are pypy revdeps to sort; I'll take it

 15:55 <vorlon> dpkg/make-dfsg also juliank

 15:55 <juliank> +1

 15:56 <vorlon> sqlite3 not yet assigned

 15:57 <vorlon> sil2100: can you take this?

 15:58 <sil2100> Sure!

 15:58 <vorlon> thanks

 15:58 <sil2100> Carding

 15:58 <vorlon> then more things waiting on perl or blocking perl; probably mostly autopkgtest retries so I'll take this

 15:58 <rbalint> vorlon, i've retried systemd already

 15:59 <vorlon> libzstd vs badger, a go package build failure, may just require a hint

 15:59 <vorlon> slyon: can you take libzstd and figure out if this should be badtest hinted?

 16:00 <slyon> yes!

 16:00 <vorlon> thanks

 16:00 <vorlon> rbalint: can you take libxcrypt?

 16:00 <rbalint> sure, carding it

 16:01 <vorlon> doko: can you take cdebconf?

 16:01 <vorlon> procps vs autopkgtest, I'm retriggering against -proposed

 16:02 <vorlon> libuv1 has autopkgtest regressions on all archs; who can take this?

 16:02 <vorlon> bdmurray?

 16:02 <bdmurray> okay

 16:03 <vorlon> and netplan.io vs iproute2

 16:03 <doko> vorlon: I can try, but I'm running short on time preparing the binutils & GCC upgrades

 16:03 <slyon> netplan.io might be fixed with the -0ubuntu5 update I've proposed for merging today...

 16:03 <vorlon> slyon: is this related to what you're working on? ok

 16:03 <vorlon> slyon: then this is yours

 16:03 <slyon> sure

 16:03 <vorlon> doko: ack

 16:04 <vorlon> glibc, I'll throw these back in the queue, but also it's waiting on arm tests to finish

 16:04 <vorlon> and I think we'll stop there for today

 16:04 <vorlon> bdmurray:

 16:04 <bdmurray> #topic AOB

 16:05 <bdmurray> alright thanks everybody

 16:05 <bdmurray> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)