== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team, 01 Oct at 15:01 &mdash; 16:01 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2020/ubuntu-meeting.2020-10-01-15.01.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning Round ===
The discussion about "Lightning Round" started at 15:01.


=== Release Incoming Bugs ===
The discussion about "Release Incoming Bugs" started at 15:12.

  * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-gg-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs 
  * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ff-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs 

=== Team proposed-migration report ===
The discussion about "Team proposed-migration report" started at 15:30.

  * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs 

=== AOB ===
The discussion about "AOB" started at 15:44.

  * ''LINK:'' https://code.launchpad.net/~brian-murray/ubuntu-release-upgrader/+git/ubuntu-release-upgrader/+merge/388513 



== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * bdmurray (65)
 * sil2100 (33)
 * vorlon (27)
 * ubottu (24)
 * slyon (18)
 * rbalint (16)
 * xnox (14)
 * waveform (8)
 * tdaitx (8)
 * doko (4)
 * meetingology (3)
 * mclemenceau (1)



== Full Log ==


 15:01 <bdmurray> #startmeeting Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team

 15:01 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Oct  1 15:01:14 2020 UTC.  The chair is bdmurray. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 15:01 <meetingology> 

 15:01 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 15:01 <bdmurray> #topic Lightning Round

 15:01 <bdmurray> cho $(shuf -e vorlon bdmurray xnox tdaitx doko sil2100 rbalint infinity mwhudson juliank waveform slyon)

 15:02 <bdmurray> mwhudson slyon xnox doko sil2100 infinity juliank waveform tdaitx vorlon rbalint bdmurray

 15:02 <bdmurray> slyon:

 15:02 <slyon> - 360 review training

 15:02 <slyon> - Learned how to build *-signed packages for secure boot

 15:02 <slyon> - submitted netplan talk for OVScon in Dec

 15:02 <slyon> - looked into dbus issue, bug #1871538, red herring

 15:02 <slyon> - prepared s390-tools[-signed] SRUs

 15:02 <slyon> * bug #1888231, bug #1892350, bug #1893027

 15:02 <slyon> === Netplan ===

 15:02 <ubottu> bug 1871538 in dbus (Ubuntu Focal) "dbus timeout-ed during an upgrade, taking services down including gdm" [High,Incomplete] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1871538

 15:02 <ubottu> Error: Could not gather data from Launchpad for bug #1888231 (https://launchpad.net/bugs/1888231). The error has been logged

 15:02 <ubottu> Error: Could not gather data from Launchpad for bug #1892350 (https://launchpad.net/bugs/1892350). The error has been logged

 15:02 <ubottu> Error: Could not gather data from Launchpad for bug #1893027 (https://launchpad.net/bugs/1893027). The error has been logged

 15:02 <slyon> - Reviewed NM plugin MP#391222

 15:02 <slyon> - Finalized & merged netplan get/set CLI+DBus, PR#163

 15:02 <slyon> * Prepared "tech-preview" packages in PPA for other teams

 15:02 <slyon> - Re-worked 0.100 Focal SRU, to improve riscv64 test coverage

 15:02 <slyon> * missing openvswitch build on Focal/riscv64

 15:02 <slyon> * 0.100-0ubuntu4~20.04.2 currently pending in unapproved queue

 15:02 <slyon> - Working on netplan try/cancel DBus for UC20, PR#134

 15:02 <slyon> (done)

 15:02 <bdmurray> xnox:

 15:03 <xnox> hunting grub2 regressions

 15:03 <xnox> working on adding Task field to finalrd

 15:04 <xnox> done

 15:04 <xnox> sponsored bunch of pi* things

 15:04 <bdmurray> doko:

 15:05 <bdmurray> how about sil2100 then

 15:05 <sil2100> Ok!

 15:05 <sil2100> - SRU reviews and releases

 15:05 <sil2100> - FFe reviews

 15:05 <sil2100> - Queue reviews for groovy

 15:05 <sil2100> - Groovy Beta:

 15:05 <sil2100> * Prepared reminder and freeze announcement

 15:05 <sil2100> * Froze the archive, generally did 'beta' stuff, created candidate images

 15:05 <sil2100> * Going through bugs, checking severity, writing them down and putting on milestone

 15:05 <sil2100> * Re-ran subiquity images after Paride noticed a networking-related problem during image build

 15:05 <sil2100> * Prepublishing + preparing for publishing

 15:05 <sil2100> * Started writing announcement

 15:05 <sil2100> - Started validating ubuntu-image 1.10 SRU after getting it ACKed and accepted

 15:05 <sil2100> - Reviewed another big netplan PR from Lukas, this time regarding get/set functionality

 15:05 <sil2100> - Work on getting in some toolchain-related SRUs (cvise etc.)

 15:05 <sil2100> - Interviews

 15:05 <sil2100> - Prepared and released the first batch of langpacks for groovy

 15:05 <sil2100> - A bit of work on the roadmap

 15:05 <sil2100> - Re-sponsoring netplan 0.100 SRU for focal after initial rejection

 15:05 <sil2100> - Sponsoring a few other packages for various people

 15:05 <sil2100> (done)

 15:06 <sil2100> Oh!

 15:06 <sil2100> Forgot:

 15:06 <bdmurray> julian is out

 15:06 <bdmurray> waveform:

 15:06 <sil2100> - Merged Brian's ubuntu-image changes (first contribution!)

 15:06 <waveform> * Fixed FTBFS on python-apt (https://salsa.debian.org/apt-team/python-apt/-/merge_requests/51)

 15:06 <waveform> * Working on FTBFS for numpy (partly https://github.com/numpy/numpy/pull/16883 plus a ton of broken refs in the docs)

 15:06 <waveform> * Working on removal of all cronjobs from update-notifier (LP: #1836475)

 15:06 <waveform> * MIR for pi-bluetooth (LP: #1897920)

 15:06 <sil2100> (done)

 15:06 <waveform> * Attempting to debug customer case on Core18 (failed to reproduce with base image; attempting to build custom image)

 15:06 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1836475 in update-notifier (Ubuntu Groovy) "update-notifier-common weekly cron job runs at the same time for all computers across the globe" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1836475

 15:06 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1897920 in pi-bluetooth (Ubuntu) "[MIR] pi-bluetooth" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1897920

 15:06 <waveform> * Onboarding meetings

 15:06 <waveform> * Tested "more new stuff"

 15:06 <waveform> (done)

 15:06 <tdaitx> * reviewed openjdk and ubuntu timelines

 15:06 <tdaitx> * packaging openjdk 11.0.9+10 and 8u272-b09

 15:06 <tdaitx> * fixed apport-hook for openjdk 11

 15:06 <tdaitx> * sru verification for bug 1887142

 15:06 <tdaitx> * glossed over ftbfs list, will pick something tomorrow

 15:06 <ubottu> bug 1887142 in pdfsam (Debian) "pdfsam won't run, has missing and conflicting dependencies" [Unknown,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1887142

 15:06 <tdaitx> Other:

 15:06 <tdaitx> * playing around pulseaudio profiles at night to separate hdmi/analog outputs and with echo and noise cancelling modules

 15:06 <tdaitx> (done)

 15:06 <bdmurray> vorlon:

 15:07 <bdmurray> rbalint:

 15:08 <bdmurray> okay, I'll go!

 15:08 <rbalint> ah, a sec

 15:08 <bdmurray> okay

 15:08 <bdmurray> standing by

 15:09 <rbalint> * +1 maintenance

 15:10 <rbalint> * partner work

 15:10 <rbalint> * trying to fix LP: #1871268, maybe it works out now

 15:10 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1871268 in glibc (Ubuntu Focal) "Installation fails with Could not configure 'libc6:i386'. , E:Could not perform immediate configuration on 'libgcc-s1:i386'" [Critical,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1871268

 15:10 <rbalint> (done)

 15:10 <bdmurray> uploaded a focal SRU of the fix for LP: #1886534, LP: #1895865

 15:10 <bdmurray> discussed LP: #1894919 with sil2100 then v-failed it

 15:10 <bdmurray> added /etc to the contents_mapping file for retracers

 15:10 <bdmurray> tested and verified it in staging, deployed in production

 15:10 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1886534 in update-motd (Ubuntu Focal) "[SRU] This message is shown once once a day." [Critical,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1886534

 15:10 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1895865 in apport (Ubuntu Focal) "/usr/share/apport/dump_acpi_tables.py:PermissionError:/usr/share/apport/dump_acpi_tables.py@59:dump_acpi_tables:dump_acpi_table" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1895865

 15:10 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1894919 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu Focal) "gnome-software-plugin-snap consider an unwanted removal for 20.04 ubuntu-desktop" [Undecided,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1894919

 15:10 <bdmurray> sponsored the props change for LP: #1886112

 15:10 <bdmurray> sponsored u-r-u changes for LP: #1893717, LP: #1897778

 15:10 <bdmurray> uploaded an apport to change to help with LP: #1891657

 15:10 <bdmurray> further troubleshooting of the above issue as its not completely fixed

 15:10 <bdmurray> emailed ubuntu-devel re PathExists trigger changes

 15:10 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1886112 in procps (Ubuntu Groovy) "Enabling DMESG_RESTRICT in Groovy Onward" [Wishlist,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1886112

 15:10 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1893717 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu Focal) "Add Ubuntu Advantage service apt urls to valid mirrors" [Undecided,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1893717

 15:10 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1897778 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu) "DistUpgradeController to release apt lock during PostInstallScripts" [Undecided,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1897778

 15:10 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1891657 in systemd (Ubuntu Groovy) "systemd 100% cpu usage apport-autoreport.service: Failed with result 'start-limit-hit'" [High,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1891657

 15:10 <bdmurray> review of upgrade failure issues

 15:11 <bdmurray> doko, vorlon ?

 15:11 <bdmurray> in the meantime any questions on status?

 15:11 <sil2100> None here!

 15:11 <bdmurray> okay lets move on

 15:12 <bdmurray> #topic Release Incoming Bugs

 15:12 <bdmurray> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-gg-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 15:12 <bdmurray> bug 1890435

 15:12 <ubottu> bug 1890435 in gcc-10 (Ubuntu) "gcc-10 breaks on armhf (flaky): internal compiler error: Segmentation fault" [Critical,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1890435

 15:13 <xnox> doko:  any advice in that bug would be helpful! ^

 15:13 <xnox> i know it is very vague

 15:14 <xnox> however, there is gcc-10 in unapproved with a revert/bugfix for arm....

 15:15 <doko> christian wanted to check if it's reproducible with older compiler versions. otoh, such bisecting is difficult with an unreliable reproducer

 15:16 <bdmurray> given that it isn't very reproducible we'll hold off on taking it

 15:18 <bdmurray> the dbus issue still doesn't have a reproducer

 15:18 <bdmurray> the update-notifier cronjob is already being worked on

 15:19 <bdmurray> bug 1897444

 15:19 <ubottu> bug 1897444 in ubiquity (Ubuntu) "Cannot find and translate the new Active Directory strings" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1897444

 15:19 <bdmurray> something about ubiquity translations being out of date?

 15:21 <bdmurray> let's follow up with desktop about that

 15:21 <sil2100> +1

 15:21 <bdmurray> bug 1894792

 15:21 <ubottu> bug 1894792 in mdadm (Ubuntu) "Cannot assemble dirty degraded IMSM raid5 with --force." [Undecided,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1894792

 15:22 <xnox> bdmurray:  we should take it

 15:23 <bdmurray> mclemenceau: can you create a card for that

 15:23 <bdmurray> bug 1897173 - sil2100 that was fixed with the new kernel correct?

 15:23 <ubottu> bug 1897173 in ubiquity (Ubuntu) "20.10 Installer crashes with partitions being written but unable to inform kernel of the change" [Undecided,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1897173

 15:24 <mclemenceau> you got it

 15:25 <sil2100> Yep o/

 15:25 <bdmurray> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ff-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 15:26 <bdmurray> I guess bug 1871268 is being worked on

 15:26 <ubottu> bug 1871268 in glibc (Ubuntu Focal) "Installation fails with Could not configure 'libc6:i386'. , E:Could not perform immediate configuration on 'libgcc-s1:i386'" [Critical,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1871268

 15:26 <bdmurray> bug 1872159

 15:26 <ubottu> bug 1872159 in plymouth (Ubuntu) "booting with splash hangs when external monitors are connected" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1872159

 15:27 <bdmurray> I think this plymouth one is really for desktop

 15:28 <bdmurray> bug 1896608

 15:28 <ubottu> bug 1896608 in grub2 (Ubuntu Groovy) "[regression-in-stable] grub-multi-install fails with exit 1 when question grub-efi/install_devices_empty is skipped" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1896608

 15:28 <xnox> mine

 15:28 <bdmurray> cool

 15:28 <sil2100> \o/

 15:28 <sil2100> Michael will be happy

 15:29 <bdmurray> Did we talk about bug 1888726 already?

 15:29 <ubottu> bug 1888726 in netplan.io (Ubuntu) "systemd-udevd regression: some renamed network interfaces stuck in "pending" state" [Undecided,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1888726

 15:29 <slyon> we have a card for that

 15:30 <bdmurray> well let's target it and remove the tags

 15:30 <slyon> ack

 15:30 <bdmurray> that's that then for bugs

 15:30 <bdmurray> #topic Team proposed-migration report

 15:31 <vorlon> very short list, which is good at this point in the cycle

 15:31 <bdmurray> procps was my upload so I guess that's on me

 15:31 <vorlon> [LINK] https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs

 15:31 <vorlon> rbalint: anything to say wrt google-compute-engine-oslogin + gce-compute-image-packages?

 15:31 <rbalint> vorlon, i'm waiting for MIR team's response on google-guest-agent MIR

 15:32 <rbalint> also lintian: https://code.launchpad.net/~rbalint/ubuntu-seeds/+git/platform/+merge/391464

 15:32 <vorlon> yeah, which I've said I'm not keen on...

 15:32 <vorlon> was anyone looking at the MIR side of the lintian unblock?

 15:32 <rbalint> vorlon, is it a good time/place to discuss it further?

 15:32 <vorlon> might as well

 15:33 <vorlon> the problem with saying "we could support it even if it's not in main" is that things being in main is the way we track that it needs to have security support

 15:33 <vorlon> so just demoting it, without some plan for keeping it on the security team's radar, isn't good for us

 15:34 <rbalint> vorlon i guess this concern is mostly about devscripts

 15:34 <doko> that's the same for a lot of build tools

 15:34 <vorlon> devscripts isn't just build tools; they're tools run on developers' systems that interact with the network

 15:34 <xnox> which we do not sru to keep working correctly

 15:35 <vorlon> I wasn't aware they needed srus?

 15:35 <rbalint> vorlon, both devscripts and lintian had security updates

 15:35 <rbalint> vorlon, should i get security team's consent to support them in universe?

 15:36 <vorlon> rbalint: that would be a prereq for demotion in my view, yes

 15:36 <rbalint> vorlon, would that be sufficient for the demotion?

 15:36 <vorlon> and in the meantime it might be quicker to just get the MIR done?

 15:36 <doko> before it gets done, it has to be written ...

 15:37 <rbalint> if the ack from security team would be sufficient than it may get done faster than the mirs

 15:37 <vorlon> doko: can you remind us which ones needed a written MIR vs a perl fast-track?

 15:37 <vorlon> rbalint: I am doubtful that they will give a quick ack :)

 15:37 <doko> discount, which is not maintained by the perl group

 15:37 <vorlon> because they would need to have process in place for tracking it before they could just commit to supporting

 15:37 <rbalint> vorlon, maybe they surprise us :-)

 15:42 <vorlon> ok, gobject-introspection look like it's only blocked by freeze

 15:42 <bdmurray> okay, we've got a plan for lintian wha'ts next?

 15:42 <vorlon> sil2100: will we unblock that post-beta?

 15:42 <vorlon> and then procps was already mentioned by bdmurray, that's his

 15:42 <sil2100> Yeah, we'll drop the freeze

 15:43 <vorlon> so that's all

 15:43 <sil2100> (on britney)

 15:43 <xnox> i thought you keep freeze through to the release......

 15:43 <sil2100> (queue freeze stays)

 15:43 <xnox> i thought we did that before

 15:43 <xnox> oh, ok.

 15:43 <vorlon> and that's the list

 15:43 <vorlon> bdmurray:

 15:43 <bdmurray> #AOB

 15:44 <bdmurray> #topic AOB

 15:44 <sil2100> Beta being released today!

 15:44 <bdmurray> While reviewing more release upgrade bugs I'm finding more duplicates of bug 1887544

 15:44 <ubottu> bug 1887544 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu) "upgrade from 18.04 to 20.04 fails to calculate if python-pyqt5-dbg is installed" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1887544

 15:44 <vorlon> \o/

 15:45 <slyon> I will be out tomorrow..

 15:45 <xnox> bdmurray:  and they are recent right? with latest/greatest release-upgrader?

 15:45 <bdmurray> and my MP was frowned upon

 15:45 <bdmurray> https://code.launchpad.net/~brian-murray/ubuntu-release-upgrader/+git/ubuntu-release-upgrader/+merge/388513

 15:45 <rbalint> i will be probably out on Monday and Tuesday

 15:55 <rbalint> my fix is promising at https://code.launchpad.net/~rbalint/ubuntu/+source/glibc/+git/glibc/+merge/391704 so i may land a new glibc to groovy and focal

 15:56 <bdmurray> one other thing I noticed when reviewing upgrade bugs is that ubuntu-release-upgrader recommends using ppa-purge to remove ppas

 15:56 <bdmurray> I wonder if u-r-u should depend on ppa-purge

 15:57 <bdmurray> Because somebody went searching for ppa-surge in software center and didn't find it.

 15:59 <vorlon> it's currently in univere

 15:59 <vorlon> s

 15:59 <bdmurray> Yeah, that's true.

 15:59 <vorlon> are we happy maintaining it?

 16:00 <bdmurray> Given that we tell people to use it, we probably should be.

 16:00 <vorlon> or stop recommending it :)

 16:00 <vorlon> but yeah, worth investigating

 16:01 <bdmurray> The alternative being to tell people to use --allow-third-party?

 16:01 <bdmurray> alright, thanks everybody

 16:01 <bdmurray> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)