== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team, 10 Sep at 15:07 &mdash; 15:43 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2020/ubuntu-meeting.2020-09-10-15.07.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning rounds ===
The discussion about "Lightning rounds" started at 15:07.


=== Release incoming bugs (groovy) ===
The discussion about "Release incoming bugs (groovy)" started at 15:11.

  * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-gg-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs 
  * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/apport/+bug/1894369 
  * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/apport/+bug/1891657 
  * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/oem-priority/+bug/1893899 is just sponsorhip request / pr? probably we ought to integrate it upstream & upload?
  * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/gnutls28/+bug/1893924 
  * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/accountsservice/+bug/1871538 => that's confusing

=== Release incoming bugs (focal) ===
The discussion about "Release incoming bugs (focal)" started at 15:20.

  * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ff-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs 

=== Team proposed-migration report ===
The discussion about "Team proposed-migration report" started at 15:26.

  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs 
  * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~doko/ftbfs-report/test-rebuild-20200728-groovy-groovy.html#foundations-bugs 

=== AOB ===
The discussion about "AOB" started at 15:39.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * mclemenceau (34)
 * xnox (30)
 * vorlon (17)
 * ubottu (14)
 * juliank (10)
 * rbalint (9)
 * tdaitx (9)
 * doko (7)
 * waveform (7)
 * meetingology (3)
 * bdmurray (2)



== Full Log ==


 15:07 <mclemenceau> #startmeeting Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team

 15:07 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Sep 10 15:07:05 2020 UTC.  The chair is mclemenceau. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 15:07 <meetingology> 

 15:07 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 15:07 <mclemenceau> #topic Lightning rounds

 15:07 <mclemenceau> echo $(shuf -e vorlon bdmurray xnox tdaitx doko sil2100 rbalint infinity mwhudson juliank waveform slyon)

 15:07 <mclemenceau> doko xnox slyon rbalint vorlon tdaitx juliank waveform bdmurray mwhudson

 15:08 <mclemenceau> doko you're first

 15:08 <doko> - gcc-9 and gcc-10 updates now in -proposed

 15:08 <doko> - python3.x updates for focal ready for upload

 15:08 <doko> - python 3.8.6 rc1 packaged

 15:08 <doko> - +1 maintenance

 15:08 <doko> - glibc review and testing, associated MIR processing

 15:08 <doko> (done)

 15:09 <mclemenceau> xnox

 15:09 <xnox> ghc/armhf finished building, and libffi8 migrated completing the bulk of CET work

 15:09 <xnox> running analysis to see outstanding gaps on server/desktop w.r.t. CET support

 15:09 <xnox> Landed with slyon netplan.io just-in-time boot fix for wlan/ovs activation

 15:09 <xnox> grub2 sru validation in focal in progress to unblock LTS upgrades

 15:09 <xnox> secureboot-db slow phasing proposed branch that needs landing https://code.launchpad.net/~xnox/ubuntu-archive-tools/slow-phasing/+merge/390548

 15:09 <xnox> initramfs-tools sru for libc6-lse verified and aging

 15:09 <xnox> done

 15:09 <xnox> doko:  21.04 will have python3.9 by default, right?

 15:09 <rbalint> * meetings

 15:09 <rbalint> * partner work

 15:09 <rbalint> * prepared and pre-tested glibc SRU for Bionic

 15:09 <rbalint> * verified several bugs in Focal's glibc SRU and filed hints

 15:09 <rbalint> * prepared glibc 2.32 and landing is ongoing in Groovy

 15:09 <rbalint> * many MIRs to migrate google-guest-agent, still some left

 15:09 <rbalint> * +1 maintenance

 15:09 <rbalint> (done)

 15:10 <tdaitx> * uploaded scilab to focal (LP: #1870813)

 15:10 <tdaitx> - working on fix for bionic's scilab 6.0

 15:10 <tdaitx> - cannot backport 6.1 directly from focal as it now uses std::filesystem::weakly_canonical which is only available for libstdc++-8

 15:10 <tdaitx> - cherry picking fixes to backport

 15:10 <tdaitx> * apport PR for empty apt directory (LP: #1775219)

 15:10 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1870813 in scilab (Ubuntu Focal) "Scilab does not start on focal" [Undecided,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1870813

 15:10 <mclemenceau> tdaitx

 15:10 <tdaitx> - when approved/reviewed will send PR for xenial/bionic/focal backports

 15:10 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1775219 in apport (Ubuntu) "incorrectly reports package as unsupported if apt cache is empty" [Undecided,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1775219

 15:10 <tdaitx> * working on LP: #1775219

 15:10 <tdaitx> * tested lxc bridge/macvlan network setup/creation + profiles for usage with jck

 15:10 <tdaitx> (done)

 15:10 <juliank> sep 10:

 15:10 <juliank> * verified shim srus

 15:10 <juliank> * working on reintegrating the arm64 secureboot support into grub that got lost in 2.04 rebase

 15:10 <juliank> - setup arm64 builder on my chromebook

 15:10 <juliank> - setup arm64 qemu, but can't figure out how to enable secure boot. no vga unfortunately, only serial console (^ for up and v for down, hard to use)

 15:10 <juliank> * synced lintian 2.93 with fix for autopkgtest on armhf

 15:10 <juliank> * apt: doc: Bump Ubuntu release from focal to groovy

 15:10 <juliank> (done)

 15:10 <waveform> * Pushed fix for rpi-eeprom's arch issue, and bump to upstream 8.0 (LP: #1884748)

 15:10 <waveform> * Filed MIR for libraspberrypi-bin (LP: #1895133)

 15:10 <waveform> * Filed MIR for rpi-eeprom (LP: #1895137)

 15:10 <waveform> * Released pibootctl 0.5.1 and built deb with fixes items mentioned in needs-packaging review (LP: #1870100)

 15:10 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1884748 in Ubuntu "[needs-packaging] rpi-eeprom" [Wishlist,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1884748

 15:10 <waveform> * Working on raspi-config port

 15:10 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1895133 in raspberrypi-userland (Ubuntu) "[MIR] libraspberrypi-bin libraspberrypi0" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1895133

 15:11 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1895137 in rpi-eeprom (Ubuntu) "[MIR] rpi-eeprom" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1895137

 15:11 <waveform> * Tested "more new stuff"

 15:11 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1870100 in Ubuntu "[needs-packaging] pibootctl" [Wishlist,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1870100

 15:11 <waveform> (done)

 15:11 <mclemenceau> #topic Release incoming bugs (groovy)

 15:11 <mclemenceau> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-gg-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 15:12 <mclemenceau> quite a few apport LP today

 15:13 <xnox> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/apport/+bug/1894369

 15:13 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1894369 in apport (Ubuntu) "apport-autoreport.service fails to start in groovy after upgrading from focal" [Undecided,Confirmed]

 15:13 <xnox> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/apport/+bug/1891657

 15:13 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1891657 in apport (Ubuntu) "systemd 100% cpu usage apport-autoreport.service: Failed with result 'start-limit-hit'" [Undecided,Confirmed]

 15:13 <xnox> and we should take them as jira tasks

 15:13 <rbalint> +1

 15:13 <mclemenceau> tagging them now

 15:14 <xnox> https://bugs.launchpad.net/oem-priority/+bug/1893899 is just sponsorhip request / pr? probably we ought to integrate it upstream & upload?

 15:14 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1893899 in OEM Priority Project "update alsa/audio related infomation collection code in apport" [High,Confirmed]

 15:15 <xnox> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/gnutls28/+bug/1893924

 15:15 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1893924 in gnutls28 (Ubuntu) "memory leak in GnuTLS iov operations used by Samba" [High,New]

 15:15 <xnox> it sounds critical, for samba

 15:15 <xnox> so we should SRU that soon too

 15:15 <xnox> also add it to card.

 15:16 <mclemenceau> I will card the audio related one with apport as well

 15:16 <xnox> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/accountsservice/+bug/1871538 => that's confusing

 15:16 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1871538 in dbus (Ubuntu Focal) "dbus timeout-ed during an upgrade, taking services down including gdm" [High,Confirmed]

 15:16 <mclemenceau> Ok I will card GnuTLS one as well

 15:20 <mclemenceau> done with groovy

 15:20 <mclemenceau> #topic Release incoming bugs (focal)

 15:20 <mclemenceau> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ff-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 15:20 <mclemenceau> LP 1847191

 15:20 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1847191 in ubiquity (Ubuntu) "Selected experimental ZFS option and install in QEMU/KVM and crashed" [High,Incomplete] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1847191

 15:21 <mclemenceau> No activity on that one since May

 15:22 <mclemenceau> LP 1894352

 15:22 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1894352 in bash-completion (Ubuntu) "bash-completion not working properly with directories with spaces in them when using some commands" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1894352

 15:22 <vorlon> that doesn't look SRU-worthy to me if it's not a release-regression

 15:24 <mclemenceau> we'll remove the ff tag on that one and comment on the bug

 15:24 <bdmurray> Is it fixed in groovy?

 15:25 <xnox> bdmurray:  don't think so, and also redirecting reporter to upstream.

 15:25 <xnox> bdmurray:  the patch looks dubious, potentially introducing undefined behaviour.

 15:26 <bdmurray> ack, I'm tethered so its hard to do much

 15:26 <mclemenceau> ok done with ff incoming

 15:26 <mclemenceau> #topic Team proposed-migration report

 15:26 <mclemenceau> #link http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs

 15:26 <mclemenceau> vorlon you have the floor

 15:26 <vorlon> nice short list now :)

 15:26 <mclemenceau> \o/

 15:27 <vorlon> gce, still on rbalint's list

 15:27 <vorlon> setuptools was xnox

 15:27 <xnox> yeap

 15:27 <vorlon> (some progress since last week, it seems - only 2 blockers no)

 15:27 <vorlon> now

 15:27 <vorlon> and paramiko needs someone to take it

 15:28 <vorlon> slyon: could you take this?

 15:28 <mclemenceau> slyon is out today

 15:28 <vorlon> OH OK

 15:28 <vorlon> looks like it's a simple retry for a network error anyway

 15:29 <vorlon> xnox: you're clicking the button, will you follow through?

 15:29 <xnox> yes

 15:29 <vorlon> and that's the list

 15:29 <mclemenceau> done with update excuses!

 15:31 <mclemenceau> Let's discuss some FTBFS

 15:31 <xnox> klibc - doko please chase up upstream about it, still ftbfs

 15:31 <doko> https://people.canonical.com/~doko/ftbfs-report/test-rebuild-20200728-groovy-groovy.html#foundations-bugs

 15:31 <xnox> hfsplus is good now

 15:31 <xnox> nfs-utils juliank asked for a card for it

 15:32 * juliank makes a card

 15:32 <xnox> golang-1.13 / golang-1.14 => mwhudson do we need to fix FTBFS of them, if we are keeping them in the archive, or are we removing them?

 15:33 <vorlon> per discussions w/ him, docker needs golang-1.13 and doesn't work with 14 so we're keeping it around

 15:33 <xnox> mclemenceau:  could you make cards for golang FTBFS for mwhudson?

 15:33 <mclemenceau> ok xnox

 15:34 <xnox> vorlon:  will deal with https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/syslinux-legacy/+bug/1892086 ?

 15:34 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1892086 in syslinux-legacy (Ubuntu) "please remove syslinux-legacy from groovy" [Undecided,Triaged]

 15:34 <vorlon> is ubuntu-archive subscribed?

 15:34 <xnox> vorlon:  just now, yes.

 15:34 <vorlon> heh

 15:34 <vorlon> then yes

 15:34 <juliank> nfs-utils carded as FR-694

 15:35 <xnox> rbalint:  https://launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/logrotate was yours before

 15:35 <xnox> mclemenceau:  card logrotate for rbalint please

 15:35 <mclemenceau> ok

 15:39 <mclemenceau> ok, done with FTBFS

 15:39 <mclemenceau> #topic AOB

 15:42 <vorlon> sounds like none :)

 15:43 <mclemenceau> Ok then! Thx everyone

 15:43 <mclemenceau> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)