== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status, 20 Oct at 14:30 &mdash; 14:39 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2020/ubuntu-meeting.2020-10-20-14.30.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Review of previous action items ===
The discussion about "Review of previous action items" started at 14:31.


=== current component mismatches ===
The discussion about "current component mismatches" started at 14:31.

  * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg 
  * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg 

=== New MIRs ===
The discussion about "New MIRs" started at 14:35.

  * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=NEW&assignee_option=none&field.assignee=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir 

=== Incomplete bugs / questions ===
The discussion about "Incomplete bugs / questions" started at 14:35.

  * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir 

=== Any other business? ===
The discussion about "Any other business?" started at 14:36.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * cpaelzer (36)
 * sarnold (5)
 * doko (4)
 * didrocks (3)
 * meetingology (3)
 * ddstreet (2)
 * ubottu (1)



== Full Log ==


 14:30 <cpaelzer> #startmeeting Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status

 14:30 <meetingology> Meeting started Tue Oct 20 14:30:39 2020 UTC.  The chair is cpaelzer. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 14:30 <meetingology> 

 14:30 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 14:30 <ddstreet> o/

 14:31 <cpaelzer> #topic Review of previous action items

 14:31 <cpaelzer> none but bug assignments, ... going on to the next agend entry

 14:31 <cpaelzer> #topic current component mismatches

 14:31 <cpaelzer> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg

 14:31 <cpaelzer> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg

 14:31 <cpaelzer> a lot things resolved

 14:31 <cpaelzer> and mismatches look rather well

 14:31 <cpaelzer> we have a few known false-positives

 14:31 <cpaelzer> octavia is ready for promotion

 14:32 <cpaelzer> btw does someone want to promote https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/python-octavia-lib/+bug/1864666 ?

 14:32 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1864666 in python-octavia-lib (Ubuntu) "[MIR] python-octavia-lib, ovn-octavia-provider" [Medium,Fix committed]

 14:32 <cpaelzer> it was completed this morning and IMHO can be pushed

 14:32 <doko> ok

 14:32 <sarnold> oh interesting, I was asked to do a security review of it yesterday, is that not needed?

 14:33 <cpaelzer> the rest is lintian (known and under doko's control), maas seed (known and ok that way) and raspi

 14:33 <cpaelzer> sarnold: sbeattie did the review

 14:33 <sarnold> ohho

 14:33 <doko> lintian is down to one package, pending security review

 14:33 <sarnold> thanks sbeattie :) I wonder when he got sleep.. if he got sleep..

 14:33 <doko> sarnold: discount

 14:33 <cpaelzer> \o/ sounds great doko

 14:34 <cpaelzer> btw a lot of the raspi things completed recently

 14:34 <cpaelzer> so overall - looking great

 14:35 <cpaelzer> #topic New MIRs

 14:35 <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=NEW&assignee_option=none&field.assignee=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 14:35 <cpaelzer> the list is empty

 14:35 <cpaelzer> #topic Incomplete bugs / questions

 14:35 <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 14:36 <cpaelzer> the most recent touches are lintian and rpi things - both under control and not needing action from us right now

 14:36 <cpaelzer> #topic Any other business?

 14:36 <didrocks> nothing for me

 14:36 <cpaelzer> I need to pass soem thanks, I got two different positive feedbacks that the MIR process isn't as awkward or ugly as in the past

 14:36 <cpaelzer> so our regular syncs, direct assignment and efforts in general pay off

 14:36 <cpaelzer> thank you all for that!

 14:36 <didrocks> thatâ€™s nice to hear, but really thanks to the meeting and your effort :)

 14:37 <cpaelzer> I intend to bring up a new topci for discussion via mail soon (too mcuh text for IRC)

 14:37 <doko> thanks for swinging the whip ;p

 14:37 <cpaelzer> we have no list, so I'll start a mail thread with each of us on "TO"

 14:37 <cpaelzer> we will see how things work out from there

 14:37 <cpaelzer> just as a heads up :-)

 14:38 <cpaelzer> anything else  for the "misc" section of this meeting?

 14:38 <sarnold> cpaelzer: woo, thanks :) it's great to hear some positive feedback :)

 14:38 <cpaelzer> indeed

 14:39 <cpaelzer> ok - it seems this is the day we can be happy (for a minute or two) - and close the meeting early

 14:39 <cpaelzer> see you all ...

 14:39 <sarnold> thanks cpaelzer, all :)

 14:39 <didrocks> thanks everyone :)

 14:39 <ddstreet> thanks! o/

 14:39 <cpaelzer> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)