== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status, 30 Jun at 14:30 &mdash; 14:53 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2020/ubuntu-meeting.2020-06-30-14.30.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Review of previous action items ===
The discussion about "Review of previous action items" started at 14:30.


=== current component mismatches ===
The discussion about "current component mismatches" started at 14:35.

  * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg 
  * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg 
  * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.html 
  * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/jquery/+bug/308911 
  * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/jquery/+bug/1513536 

=== New MIRs ===
The discussion about "New MIRs" started at 14:49.

  * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=NEW&assignee_option=none&field.assignee=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir 

=== Incomplete bugs / questions ===
The discussion about "Incomplete bugs / questions" started at 14:49.

  * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir 
  * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/libubootenv/+bug/1885142 
  * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/nacl/+bug/1885283 

=== Any other business? ===
The discussion about "Any other business?" started at 14:51.

  * ''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/MainInclusionProcess?action=show&redirect=MIRTeam#MIR_Team_weekly_status_meeting will be your friend



== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * cpaelzer (81)
 * ubottu (6)
 * sarnold (4)
 * meetingology (3)
 * ddstreet (2)
 * seb128 (2)



== Full Log ==


 14:30 <cpaelzer> #startmeeting Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status

 14:30 <meetingology> Meeting started Tue Jun 30 14:30:46 2020 UTC.  The chair is cpaelzer. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 14:30 <meetingology> 

 14:30 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 14:30 <cpaelzer> #topic Review of previous action items

 14:31 <cpaelzer> out of the processing of a fonts MIR I took the action to clarify if there is a formal statement

 14:31 <cpaelzer> turned out this was an unwritten agreement by the archive admins

 14:31 <sarnold> good morning

 14:31 <cpaelzer> after clarifying with vorlon I was putting it into a written statement on https://wiki.ubuntu.com/MainInclusionProcess?action=show&redirect=MIRTeam#Font_Packages

 14:31 <ddstreet> o/

 14:31 <cpaelzer> Are there any objections to this section?

 14:33 <sarnold> it's a bit vague, but probably archive admin / mir team folks would know what those assumptions are

 14:33 <cpaelzer> yeah I didn't want to make a new book out of it, and a good portion of it is copied from the mail thread with vorlon

 14:34 <cpaelzer> the question is more like "do you think it will cause trouble" more than "improve the wording" - the latter everone can do on his own :-)

 14:34 <cpaelzer> ddstreet: are you ok as well?

 14:34 <ddstreet> yep sounds ok

 14:34 <cpaelzer> we are not toomany people today so I'd like to see an "ok" from both of you

 14:34 <cpaelzer> thanks

 14:35 <cpaelzer> I'll remove the --draft-- block

 14:35 <cpaelzer> done

 14:35 <cpaelzer> #topic current component mismatches

 14:35 <cpaelzer> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg

 14:35 <cpaelzer> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg

 14:35 <cpaelzer> today there are a few mroe things

 14:35 <cpaelzer> more

 14:35 <cpaelzer> xxhash was resolved between desktop and foundations

 14:36 <cpaelzer> seb128: was so kind to join (replacing dodk's AA powers)

 14:36 <cpaelzer> seb128: https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/teckit/+bug/1803230 can be promoted to main in groovy

 14:36 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1803230 in xxhash (Ubuntu) "[MIR] teckit & xxhash, new rdeps of texlive-bin" [High,In progress]

 14:36 <cpaelzer> would you be so kind to do that?

 14:36 <cpaelzer> I'm going on in component mismatches - qemu->liburing I have completed https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/liburing/+bug/1878006 for

 14:36 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1878006 in liburing (Ubuntu) "MIR: liburing" [Undecided,New]

 14:37 <seb128> cpaelzer, k

 14:37 <cpaelzer> this will need  a security review @sarnold

 14:37 <cpaelzer> but it is really really really small

 14:37 <cpaelzer> hopefully that means it might go rather fast, but you'll let us know once the team planned it I guess

 14:38 <cpaelzer> next mismatch is lintian -> libdata-validate-domain-perl, doko wanted to look for that but he isn't here - so let us skip that this week

 14:38 <cpaelzer> and the final mismatch that is not a usual-suspect is devscripts -> pristine-tar

 14:38 <cpaelzer> that is part of a recent merge, I asked kanashiro of the current +1 duty to take a look - we need to revert a change that got in with that recent merge

 14:39 <cpaelzer> no one wants to promote pristine-tar and all dependencies

 14:39 <cpaelzer> that would be proposed mismatches from my POV, and comments / additions ?

 14:40 <cpaelzer> no?

 14:40 <sarnold> I cant recall, did we discuss the node-jquery self-referential loop?

 14:40 <sarnold> in -proposed.svg

 14:41 <cpaelzer> not that I'd remember

 14:41 <cpaelzer> node-jquery | 3.5.1+dfsg-4 | groovy-proposed/universe | source, all

 14:42 <cpaelzer> https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.html

 14:42 <cpaelzer> there are more details there

 14:42 <cpaelzer> seems to be

 14:42 <cpaelzer> [Reverse-Depends: libjs-jquery (MAIN)]

 14:43 <cpaelzer> that is src:jquery

 14:43 <cpaelzer> yeah that came in with 3.5.1+dfsg-4

 14:44 <cpaelzer> sarnold: I think that binary moved between sources

 14:44 <cpaelzer> Package: libjs-jquery

 14:44 <cpaelzer> Version: 3.5.1+dfsg-4

 14:44 <cpaelzer> Source: node-jquery

 14:44 <cpaelzer> Package: libjs-jquery

 14:44 <cpaelzer> Version: 3.3.1~dfsg-3

 14:44 <cpaelzer> Source: jquery

 14:45 <cpaelzer> the revdep list of libjs-jquery is gigantic

 14:45 <cpaelzer> does anyone recognize (or remember) for which use-case it was added?

 14:47 <cpaelzer> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/jquery/+bug/308911

 14:47 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 308911 in sphinx (Ubuntu) "MIR for python2.6/3.0 build dependencies" [Undecided,Fix released]

 14:47 <cpaelzer> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/jquery/+bug/1513536

 14:47 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1513536 in jquery (Ubuntu) "[MIR] nodejs?" [Low,Fix released]

 14:47 <cpaelzer> this would be foundations task to look for

 14:47 <cpaelzer> but without doko here we need to postpone that

 14:48 <cpaelzer> mclemenceau: ^^ or could you ask in the team for someone to look after the component mismatches of jquery due to what seems to be a move between different srouce packages?

 14:48 <cpaelzer> mclemenceau: can come back to us at any time, I'll go on with the meeting so we can make it in time

 14:49 <cpaelzer> thanks sarnold for bringing this one up

 14:49 <cpaelzer> #topic New MIRs

 14:49 <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=NEW&assignee_option=none&field.assignee=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 14:49 <cpaelzer> two OEM cases that have a special-case-excuse and the known jeepney for jamespage

 14:49 <cpaelzer> #topic Incomplete bugs / questions

 14:49 <cpaelzer> this category has more today

 14:49 <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 14:50 <cpaelzer> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/libubootenv/+bug/1885142

 14:50 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1885142 in libubootenv (Ubuntu) "[MIR] libubootenv-tool, libubootenv0.1" [Undecided,Incomplete]

 14:50 <cpaelzer> I've processed that last week

 14:50 <cpaelzer> once waveform has resolved the few things I wanted it can be promoted - until then incomplete

 14:50 <cpaelzer> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/nacl/+bug/1885283

 14:50 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1885283 in nacl (Ubuntu) "[MIR] nacl" [Undecided,Incomplete]

 14:51 <cpaelzer> I handled that as well and seb128 will look into changing to the sodium package already in main

 14:51 <cpaelzer> those were FYI, nothing to discuss in this category

 14:51 <cpaelzer> #topic Any other business?

 14:51 <cpaelzer> It might be worth to mention that I'm off next and in three weeks

 14:51 <cpaelzer> so someone else will do the meeting chairing

 14:52 <cpaelzer> https://wiki.ubuntu.com/MainInclusionProcess?action=show&redirect=MIRTeam#MIR_Team_weekly_status_meeting will be your friend

 14:52 <seb128> cpaelzer, I already got a reply from upstream (which pointed out that x25519 curve implementation should be already enabled if building openssl)

 14:52 <cpaelzer> interesting

 14:53 <cpaelzer> mclemenceau: you can get in touch with me at any time later (not waiting with the end-of-meeting)

 14:53 <cpaelzer> I'm not in special numbers mood today, lets count up negative numbers to zero

 14:53 <cpaelzer> -5

 14:53 <cpaelzer> -4

 14:53 <cpaelzer> -3

 14:53 <cpaelzer> -2

 14:53 <cpaelzer> -1

 14:53 <cpaelzer> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)