== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team, 19 Nov at 16:01 &mdash; 16:42 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2020/ubuntu-meeting.2020-11-19-16.01.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning Round ===
The discussion about "Lightning Round" started at 16:01.


=== Release Incoming Bugs ===
The discussion about "Release Incoming Bugs" started at 16:08.

  * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-hh-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs 
  * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-gg-incoming-bug-tasks.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ff-incoming-bug-tasks.html 

=== Team proposed-migration report ===
The discussion about "Team proposed-migration report" started at 16:18.

  * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs 

=== AOB ===
The discussion about "AOB" started at 16:39.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * bdmurray (57)
 * vorlon (52)
 * sil2100 (26)
 * slyon (21)
 * ubottu (21)
 * doko (18)
 * tdaitx (17)
 * xnox (16)
 * rbalint (15)
 * juliank (13)
 * waveform (9)
 * meetingology (3)



== Full Log ==


 16:01 <bdmurray> #startmeeting Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team

 16:01 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Nov 19 16:01:08 2020 UTC.  The chair is bdmurray. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:01 <meetingology> 

 16:01 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 16:01 <sil2100> o/

 16:01 <bdmurray> #topic Lightning Round

 16:01 <bdmurray> echo $(shuf -e vorlon bdmurray xnox tdaitx doko sil2100 rbalint mwhudson juliank waveform slyon)

 16:01 <bdmurray> bdmurray sil2100 mwhudson xnox vorlon juliank doko rbalint slyon tdaitx waveform

 16:01 <rbalint> o/

 16:01 <bdmurray> uploaded Bionic SRU for LP: #1854148

 16:01 <bdmurray> uploaded Groovy, Focal SRUs for LP: #1870060

 16:01 <bdmurray> verified the above SRU

 16:01 <bdmurray> uploaded Groovy, Focal SRUs for LP: #1848829

 16:01 <ubottu> Error: Could not gather data from Launchpad for bug #1854148 (https://launchpad.net/bugs/1854148). The error has been logged

 16:01 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1870060 in apport (Ubuntu Groovy) "systemd ProtectSystem/mount namespace makes apport fail (impact most of our default system services)" [High,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1870060

 16:01 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1848829 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu Groovy) "distribution upgrade failed due pip install of distro-info" [Undecided,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1848829

 16:02 <bdmurray> wrote a test case for the above too

 16:02 <bdmurray> sponsored Bionic SRU for LP: #1611737

 16:02 <bdmurray> investigation into gdb bug LP: #1818918

 16:02 <bdmurray> merged libssh

 16:02 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1611737 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu Bionic) "Can't upgrade from a release if ros packages are installed from ROS servers" [Undecided,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1611737

 16:02 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1818918 in gdb (Ubuntu) "gdb doesn't search in debug-file-directory for .gnu_debugaltlink" [Undecided,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1818918

 16:02 <bdmurray> wrote a better tool for removing EoL crash data from the Error Tracker

 16:02 <bdmurray> âœ” done

 16:02 <bdmurray> sil2100:

 16:02 <sil2100> - SRU reviews and releases

 16:02 <sil2100> - Reviews for the focal HWE update

 16:02 <sil2100> - NEW reviews

 16:02 <sil2100> - DMB meeting

 16:02 <sil2100> - Reviewing DBus get/set PR from Lukas

 16:02 <sil2100> - Some training

 16:02 <sil2100> - Adding new kab language-pack

 16:02 <sil2100> - 20.04.2/EOL/Archive opening retrospective

 16:02 <sil2100> - Finalizing some archive opening tasks in a work-session

 16:02 <sil2100> - Started drafting action items for ESM britney

 16:02 <sil2100> - Sponsoring some u-boot backports

 16:02 <sil2100> - Discussions

 16:02 <sil2100> - Working on the ubuntu-image backlog

 16:02 <sil2100> (done)

 16:03 <bdmurray> xnox:

 16:03 <xnox> riscv64 build & cloud-images are now available as chroots, lxd, and non-bootable .img

 16:03 <xnox> next livecd-rootfs upload to hirsute should make .img bootable with uboot-qemu

 16:03 <xnox> made u-boot-menu look nicer with Ubuntu branding

 16:03 <xnox> s390-tools 2.15.1 packaging work, now out.

 16:03 <xnox> lots of things stuck in proposed migration

 16:03 <xnox> done

 16:04 <juliank> I don't really have anything public I can think of to say right now

 16:04 <juliank> it's vorlon's turn actually

 16:04 <bdmurray> vorlon: ?

 16:05 <vorlon> * working on proposed-migration: ghc transition should finish today!

 16:05 <vorlon> * discussions around handling of the nvidia-cuda-toolkit package in the archive

 16:05 <bdmurray> sil2100: 20.04.2 retrospective? that's forward thinking

 16:05 <vorlon> * next week: not going to be at the meeting because Thanksgiving

 16:05 <vorlon> (done)

 16:05 <doko> - started GCC 11 packaging

 16:05 <doko> - investigated three different cross compiler ftbfs

 16:05 <doko> - started bisecting our armhf compiler problem

 16:05 <doko> - binutils & gcc updates

 16:05 <doko> - various ftbfs fixes and test triggers

 16:05 <doko> - +1 maintenance starting today

 16:05 <doko> (done)

 16:05 <sil2100> bdmurray: aaaaaaaa

 16:05 <rbalint> * internal trainings

 16:05 <rbalint> * landing glibc again to hirsute

 16:05 <rbalint> * found more retry strings for autopkgtest infra

 16:05 <rbalint> * reverted dash to fix LP: #1904406

 16:05 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1904406 in systemd (Ubuntu) "autopkgtest hangs in timedated test" [Undecided,Invalid] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1904406

 16:05 <rbalint> * sponsored update-notifier 3.192.36 after fixing up the packaging repo's missing files

 16:05 <rbalint> * partner work

 16:05 <sil2100> bdmurray: was supposed to be 20.10 retrospective! What was I thinking?

 16:05 <rbalint> * endorsed slyon's MOTU application

 16:05 <rbalint> * +1 maintenance

 16:05 <rbalint> (done)

 16:05 <sil2100> bdmurray: it's not even close!

 16:05 <slyon> - proposed-migration for curl, trying to fix etcd flakiness

 16:05 <slyon> * some test retries and etcd hinted, MP#394173

 16:05 <slyon> - s390-tools Bionic SRU, bug #1865032

 16:05 <slyon> * Investigating bug #1860574 & bug #1859018 => invalid/released

 16:05 <slyon> - Applied for MOTU & netplan.io PPU

 16:05 <slyon> === Netplan ===

 16:05 <slyon> - Investigating MTU bug #1724895 => fix released

 16:05 <slyon> - Debugging interface rename issue via IRC, bug #1904662

 16:05 <ubottu> bug 1865032 in Ubuntu on IBM z Systems "[UBUNTU] zipl/libc: Fix potential buffer overflow in printf" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1865032

 16:06 <ubottu> bug 1860574 in Ubuntu on IBM z Systems "[UBUNTU 20.04] zkey: Fix display of clear key size for XTS keys" [High,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1860574

 16:06 <ubottu> bug 1859018 in Ubuntu on IBM z Systems "[UBUNTU 20.04] zkey: Fix listing of keys on file systems reporting DT_UNKNOWN." [High,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1859018

 16:06 <ubottu> bug 1724895 in netplan.io (Ubuntu) "MTU not applied on private ethernet interfaces" [Medium,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1724895

 16:06 <ubottu> bug 1904662 in netplan "netplan apply fails to rename network interfaces without reboot" [Undecided,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1904662

 16:06 <slyon> - Working on OVScon talk/slides

 16:06 <slyon> - Discussions about NetworkManager snap & r/w plugin

 16:06 <slyon> - Improving NM netplan backend spec

 16:06 <slyon> - Improving DBus code from PR#170

 16:06 <slyon> - Investigating 'link-local:' stanza => missing for NM backend

 16:06 <slyon> - Looking into new PR#172

 16:06 <slyon> (done)

 16:06 <tdaitx> * finally got openjdk-8 to migrate from hirsute-proposed

 16:06 <tdaitx> * opened bug 1903929 about openjdk uploads (non-default-java) triggering unnecessary tests)

 16:06 <tdaitx> - digged into britney autopkgtest policy, depends, and relationships

 16:06 <tdaitx> - no clear way to prevent it from happening (that I can see)

 16:06 <tdaitx> - custom rule (similar to gcc) would work, but feels dirty and does not scale

 16:06 <ubottu> bug 1903929 in britney "openjdk-8 uploads trigger swi-prolog, fdroidserver, and libreoffice autopkgtests unnecessarily" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1903929

 16:06 <tdaitx> - unclear if ignoring alt-deps wouldn't cause unexpected problems

 16:06 <tdaitx> - kinda feels like autopkgtest policy could have for its own hook/policies

 16:06 <tdaitx> - pinged Laney about it

 16:06 <tdaitx> - not a priority, but wanted to get the discussion and inputs going

 16:06 <tdaitx> * started upstream discussion on how to get jtdiff to accept report files not necessarily named 'summary.txt' (as in the current hardcoded check)

 16:06 <tdaitx> * adding better support for lxd in jck scripts (remotes, project)

 16:06 <tdaitx> - improving resilience: too many places where it can get stuck and unresponsive

 16:06 <tdaitx> (done)

 16:06 <bdmurray> WaVeR:

 16:06 <bdmurray> oops

 16:06 <bdmurray> waveform:

 16:07 <waveform> * Worked on u-boot SRU (LP: #1903054)

 16:07 <waveform> * Worked on flash-kernel merge (LP: #1904890)

 16:07 <waveform> * Investigated multi-kernel setup for f-k

 16:07 <waveform> * Worked on bluez patch upstreaming (LP: #1903048)

 16:07 <waveform> * Core 20 boot meetings

 16:07 <waveform> (done)

 16:07 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1903054 in u-boot (Ubuntu Focal) "[SRU] Please merge u-boot 2020.10+dfsg-1 from Debian unstable" [Critical,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1903054

 16:07 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1904890 in flash-kernel (Ubuntu) "Please merge flash-kernel 3.103 from Debian unstable" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1904890

 16:07 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1903048 in bluez (Ubuntu Hirsute) "[SRU] Bluetooth won't activate on the pi 400" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1903048

 16:07 <bdmurray> any questions on status?

 16:08 <bdmurray> #topic Release Incoming Bugs

 16:08 <bdmurray> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-hh-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 16:09 <bdmurray> bug 1903849 is in progress

 16:09 <ubottu> bug 1903849 in vim (Ubuntu) "vim ftbfs" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1903849

 16:09 <bdmurray> bug 1901043

 16:09 <ubottu> bug 1901043 in ubiquity (Ubuntu) "No sound in ubiquity-dm with nomodeset" [Medium,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1901043

 16:10 <xnox> ew

 16:10 <sil2100> This one?

 16:10 <sil2100> We still didn't take it?

 16:10 <sil2100> I thought we did

 16:11 <bdmurray> No, we haven't taken it yet

 16:11 <bdmurray> Would it be good for 20.04.2?

 16:12 <bdmurray> Well, I guess we should see if it is broken in 20.04.2 first

 16:12 <bdmurray> er 20.04.1

 16:12 <xnox> hm, yeah i don't think we check if it's broken in focal dailies.

 16:12 <xnox> it is broken in groovy

 16:12 <bdmurray> So let's take that for investigation

 16:12 <sil2100> +1

 16:12 <bdmurray> bug 1900668

 16:12 <ubottu> bug 1900668 in grub2 (Ubuntu) "MAAS PXE Boot stalls with grub 2.02 " [Undecided,Incomplete] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1900668

 16:13 <juliank> 2.9/candidate is said to work all the time

 16:13 <juliank> maas that is

 16:13 <juliank> is what #13 says

 16:13 <bdmurray> Given that it's being investigated let's card it.

 16:13 <juliank> but yeah

 16:14 <bdmurray> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-gg-incoming-bug-tasks.html

 16:14 <bdmurray> doko is there any update on bug 1890435?

 16:14 <ubottu> bug 1890435 in gcc-10 (Ubuntu) "gcc-10 breaks on armhf (flaky): internal compiler error: Segmentation fault" [Critical,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1890435

 16:15 <bdmurray> Christian has added some more info

 16:15 <doko> <doko> - started bisecting our armhf compiler problem

 16:15 <bdmurray> ah, great

 16:16 <bdmurray> bug 1871538 is tagged champagne but we still don't have enough

 16:16 <ubottu> bug 1871538 in dbus (Ubuntu Focal) "dbus timeout-ed during an upgrade, taking services down including gdm" [High,Incomplete] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1871538

 16:16 <bdmurray> have enough something somethin

 16:16 <bdmurray> So perhaps we should untag it?

 16:17 <rbalint> +1

 16:18 <bdmurray> okay

 16:18 <slyon> +1, has been sitting too long without activity..

 16:18 <bdmurray> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ff-incoming-bug-tasks.html

 16:18 <bdmurray> bug 1900390 has already been carded

 16:18 <ubottu> bug 1900390 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu) "do-release-update hangs from use of user $PATH (specifically 'npm which')" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1900390

 16:18 <bdmurray> so that's that for bugs

 16:18 <bdmurray> #topic Team proposed-migration report

 16:19 <bdmurray> vorlon:

 16:19 <vorlon> [LINK] https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs

 16:20 <juliank> 147 packages needing attention, 12 packages not yet considered late

 16:20 <juliank> yikes

 16:20 <vorlon> there's a ton of perl-related stuff which I'll ignore for now

 16:20 <xnox> well

 16:20 <xnox> i thought i did lots of micro transitions that are now entagled with perl.

 16:20 <vorlon> boost1.71 waiting on an autopkgtest - I'll take a look at this, might just need a requeue

 16:20 <vorlon> dbus-python, who wants this?

 16:20 <xnox> do we have anybody actively looking into pushing perl doom. or are there any entanglements that we can assign and/or fix to help perl?

 16:21 <rbalint> me

 16:21 <doko> ocaml is disentangled, see #u-r

 16:21 <rbalint> perl is promising, many retries are pending

 16:21 <vorlon> which AIUI only lets ocaml go first

 16:22 <doko> yes

 16:22 <vorlon> but let's go through these packages in order, shall we?  any volunteers for dbus-python?

 16:22 <doko> waiting ...

 16:22 <rbalint> the pending ppc64el tests are holding perl back

 16:22 <bdmurray> I'll take dbus-python

 16:22 <vorlon> bdmurray: thanks

 16:23 <vorlon> libcgi-pm-perl appears to be blocked for reasons unrelated to perl itself

 16:23 <vorlon> rbalint: can you take libcgi-pm-perl?

 16:23 <rbalint> yes

 16:23 <vorlon> thanks

 16:23 <vorlon> ncurses: I'll have a look

 16:24 <vorlon> netbase: mercurial, which is pretty flaky; I'll take this one too

 16:24 <vorlon> openssh vs sshuttle: slyon could you have a look?

 16:24 <slyon> yes

 16:24 <slyon> and maybe also pycurl, as I've done curl before..

 16:24 <vorlon> slyon: ok, it's yours

 16:24 <vorlon> pygments: sil2100?

 16:25 <waveform> I can take pygments

 16:25 <vorlon> python-debian: xnox?

 16:25 <tdaitx> bdmurray: vorlon: I had dbus-python and netbase on a card already

 16:25 <sil2100> vorlon: sure o/

 16:25 <xnox> vorlon:  ok.

 16:25 <vorlon> tdaitx: oh? did we assign these in a previous meeting?

 16:25 <tdaitx> yes, we did

 16:25 <sil2100> Oh

 16:25 <bdmurray> vorlon, sylon: I had openssh last week so will finish that

 16:25 <sil2100> waveform took it, so nvm!

 16:25 <slyon> bdmurray: ok!

 16:25 <vorlon> was it a meeting I wasn't at?

 16:25 <vorlon> :)

 16:27 <vorlon> ok we'll keep the previous assignments

 16:27 <vorlon> dbus-python: tdaitx

 16:28 <vorlon> libcgi-pm-perl: rbalint

 16:28 <vorlon> ncurses: me

 16:28 <vorlon> netbase: tdaitx

 16:28 <vorlon> openssh: bdmurray

 16:29 <vorlon> pycurl: slyon

 16:29 <vorlon> pygments: waveform

 16:29 <vorlon> python-debian: xnox

 16:30 <vorlon> pyyaml: sil2100?

 16:30 <vorlon> setuptools: juliank?

 16:30 <sil2100> o/

 16:31 <juliank> vorlon: I'd rather fix the python-apt regressions

 16:31 <vorlon> juliank: mmk

 16:31 <vorlon> setuptools: doko?

 16:31 <doko> juliank: and software-properties?

 16:31 <doko> yes, although this is all unrelated

 16:31 <juliank> doko: Yes, python-apt regresses software-properties

 16:31 <juliank> it needs to work at the end or it's not useful :)

 16:32 <juliank> note that 0.99.4 was triggered with software-properties/0.99.4 ubuntu-drivers-common/1:0.8.6.2 pyqt5/5.15.1+dfsg-2build1 dbus-python/1.2.16-4 pycurl/7.43.0.6-4 setuptools/50.3.0-1

 16:32 <vorlon> gdb: bdmurray: do you want to look at this?

 16:32 <vorlon> (blocked by an apport autopkgtest regression)

 16:33 <vorlon> software-properties: juliank, per above

 16:33 <bdmurray> I thought I fixed that

 16:33 <vorlon> cdebconf: my upload, I'll take it

 16:34 <vorlon> bdmurray: then it should be easy for you to follow through :)

 16:34 <bdmurray> aw snap!

 16:34 <vorlon> git: also my upload, I'll take it

 16:34 <vorlon> python-apt is juliank

 16:34 <vorlon> python3-stdlib-extensions: waveform?

 16:34 <doko> sshuttle, slyon?

 16:34 <waveform> vorlon, ok

 16:35 <tdaitx> I saw bdmurray retring sshuttle

 16:35 <bdmurray> yeah, it looks like a timeout

 16:35 <slyon> I can take sshuttle

 16:35 <vorlon> slyon: so you'll take python3-stdlib-extensions and its other autopkgtest regression? (assimp)

 16:36 <slyon> yes

 16:36 <vorlon> then there's a texinfo mess regressing tests on i386

 16:36 <vorlon> who wants this?

 16:36 <tdaitx> slyon: there are some retries already on the queue for sshuttle

 16:36 <doko> vorlon: you, i386 expert?

 16:36 <doko> E: Could not configure 'libc6:i386'.

 16:36 <doko> W: Could not perform immediate configuration on 'libgcc-s1:i386'. Please see man 5 apt.conf under APT::Immediate-Configure for details. (2)

 16:36 <doko> E: Failed to process build dependencies

 16:36 <vorlon> waveform: you can have texinfo since no one else volunteered :)

 16:37 <waveform> vorlon, joy :))

 16:37 <vorlon> waveform: (hit me up if you want help analyzing it)

 16:37 <vorlon> and I think we can probably stop there on the assignments; hopefully next week we'll be caught up and can get through the remaining backlog

 16:37 <vorlon> "next week", given that US is out next Thursday

 16:38 <vorlon> bdmurray: back to you

 16:39 <bdmurray> #topic AOB

 16:39 <bdmurray> So as Steve mentioned next Thursday is a US holiday

 16:39 <bdmurray> I'm guessing some people are taking next Friday off too

 16:39 <juliank> I'm on +1 maintenance next Wed/Thu

 16:39 <xnox> datacentre move over the weekend

 16:41 <bdmurray> anything else?

 16:42 <xnox> boom

 16:42 <bdmurray> okay, thanks everybody

 16:42 <xnox> mic drop

 16:42 <bdmurray> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)