== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status, 09 Jun at 14:31 &mdash; 14:39 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2020/ubuntu-meeting.2020-06-09-14.31.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Review of previous action items ===
The discussion about "Review of previous action items" started at 14:31.


=== current component mismatches ===
The discussion about "current component mismatches" started at 14:31.

  * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg 
  * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg 

=== New MIRs ===
The discussion about "New MIRs" started at 14:32.

  * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=NEW&assignee_option=none&field.assignee=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir 
  * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/python-secretstorage/+bug/1861268 

=== Incomplete bugs / questions ===
The discussion about "Incomplete bugs / questions" started at 14:34.


=== Any other business? ===
The discussion about "Any other business?" started at 14:34.

  * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/ceph-iscsi/+bug/1854362 -- I thought I set the fields correctly when done with security review



== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * cpaelzer (45)
 * sarnold (7)
 * ubottu (3)
 * meetingology (3)
 * didrocks (2)



== Full Log ==


 14:31 <cpaelzer> #startmeeting Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status

 14:31 <meetingology> Meeting started Tue Jun  9 14:31:14 2020 UTC.  The chair is cpaelzer. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 14:31 <meetingology> 

 14:31 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 14:31 <cpaelzer> #topic Review of previous action items

 14:31 <cpaelzer> well, we had none - that was quick

 14:31 <cpaelzer> #topic current component mismatches

 14:31 <cpaelzer> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg

 14:31 <cpaelzer> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg

 14:31 <cpaelzer> libnma is filed (we get to that later)

 14:32 <cpaelzer> kazoo was on jamespage so we wait until he tells us what to do

 14:32 <cpaelzer> jeepney is open and processed as well

 14:32 <cpaelzer> nothing new to dicuss in here today (IMHO)

 14:32 <cpaelzer> speak up if you disagree

 14:32 <cpaelzer> #topic New MIRs

 14:32 <cpaelzer> this has some content today

 14:32 <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=NEW&assignee_option=none&field.assignee=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 14:32 <cpaelzer> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/python-secretstorage/+bug/1861268

 14:32 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1861268 in jeepney (Ubuntu) "[MIR] jeepney" [Medium,New]

 14:33 <cpaelzer> known and active, the change was that we have a packe in propsoed affected by it

 14:33 <cpaelzer> this way update-excuses will know about it

 14:33 <cpaelzer> nothing changed - still on seucrity atm

 14:33 <cpaelzer> real new one https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/libnma/+bug/1881906

 14:33 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1881906 in libnma (Ubuntu) "[MIR] libnma" [Undecided,New]

 14:33 <cpaelzer> filed by seb128

 14:33 <didrocks> desktop-related, Iâ€™m taking it

 14:33 <cpaelzer> thanks didrocks

 14:33 <cpaelzer> thre is some disambiguation needed, I just made a small update

 14:33 <cpaelzer> but knowing it is with you is nice

 14:33 <cpaelzer> thanks

 14:34 <cpaelzer> #topic Incomplete bugs / questions

 14:34 <cpaelzer> the list had no bumps since last week

 14:34 <cpaelzer> skipping ...

 14:34 <cpaelzer> #topic Any other business?

 14:34 <cpaelzer> ok, in case there is anything else or if I've run over (trying to give you back some time) anything let me know

 14:34 <sarnold> python-rtslib-fb ..

 14:35 <cpaelzer> you did ack it with some minor todos

 14:35 <sarnold> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/ceph-iscsi/+bug/1854362 -- I thought I set the fields correctly when done with security review

 14:35 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1854362 in urwid (Ubuntu) "[MIR] ceph-iscsi, tcmu, python-configshell-fb, python-rtslib-fb, urwid, targetcli-fb" [Undecided,In progress]

 14:35 <cpaelzer> sarnold: I have already shoved the todos to rafaeldtinoco

 14:35 <cpaelzer> who is interested in the overall LIO stack

 14:35 <sarnold> aha :) you're just ahead of me then :)

 14:35 <cpaelzer> no you are good, we could update the bug to reflect that

 14:36 <sarnold> I just wanted to double-check I got the metadata fields set correctly

 14:36 <cpaelzer> it would be correct to be "ok to pass"

 14:36 <cpaelzer> if your requested tasks are optional the states are correct

 14:36 <sarnold> they didn't feel worth blocking, but they would be nice..

 14:36 <cpaelzer> yep that is how understdood them

 14:37 <sarnold> thanks

 14:38 <cpaelzer> ok anything else?

 14:39 <didrocks> nothing for me

 14:39 <cpaelzer> ok counting out, we stop at 107 today - if anyone recognizes the sequence you get a remote hug for free

 14:39 <cpaelzer> 1

 14:39 <cpaelzer> 6

 14:39 <cpaelzer> 21

 14:39 <cpaelzer> 107

 14:39 <cpaelzer> that's it

 14:39 <cpaelzer> see you

 14:39 <sarnold> tschuess :)

 14:39 <cpaelzer> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)