== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team, 04 Jun at 15:01 &mdash; 15:57 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2020/ubuntu-meeting.2020-06-04-15.01.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning rounds ===
The discussion about "Lightning rounds" started at 15:01.


=== Release incoming bugs ===
The discussion about "Release incoming bugs" started at 15:08.

  * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-gg-incoming-bug-tasks.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-gg-incoming-bug-tasks.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ff-incoming-bug-tasks.html 

=== Team proposed-migration report ===
The discussion about "Team proposed-migration report" started at 15:45.

  * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs 

=== AOB ===
The discussion about "AOB" started at 15:56.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * bdmurray (81)
 * juliank (29)
 * ubottu (22)
 * sil2100 (18)
 * slyon (15)
 * xnox (13)
 * waveform (5)
 * tdaitx (4)
 * doko (3)
 * meetingology (3)
 * mclemenceau (2)



== Full Log ==


 15:01 <bdmurray> #startmeeting Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team

 15:01 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Jun  4 15:01:29 2020 UTC.  The chair is bdmurray. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 15:01 <meetingology> 

 15:01 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 15:01 <bdmurray> #topic Lightning rounds

 15:01 <bdmurray> echo $(shuf -e vorlon bdmurray xnox tdaitx doko sil2100 rbalint infinity mwhudson juliank waveform slyon)

 15:01 <mclemenceau> o/

 15:02 <bdmurray> bdmurray vorlon sil2100 tdaitx mwhudson rbalint waveform slyon xnox doko juliank infinity

 15:02 <slyon> o/

 15:02 <bdmurray> +1 maintenance

 15:02 <bdmurray> updated update-notifier to depend on pyflakes3 not pyflakes

 15:02 <bdmurray> reviewed and merge changes to update-manager fixing LP: #1880987

 15:02 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1880987 in update-manager (Ubuntu Focal) "[SRU] /usr/bin/update-manager:TypeError:_on_finished:_action_done:get_deb2snap_dups:_on_finished:_action_done:get_deb2snap_dups" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1880987

 15:03 <bdmurray> tested and wrote a 20.04 LTS test case for LP: #1774843

 15:03 <bdmurray> uploaded F SRU for the above

 15:03 <bdmurray> really fixed apport bug LP: #1427600, uploaded F SRU for it

 15:03 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1774843 in apport (Ubuntu Focal) "apport python exception for python versions which python-apt is not built on" [Undecided,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1774843

 15:03 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1427600 in apport (Ubuntu Focal) "apport-unpack: ValueError: ['UserGroups'] has no binary content" [Undecided,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1427600

 15:03 <bdmurray> uploaded update-manager SRUs for B,E,F for LP: #1826213

 15:03 <bdmurray> reviewed FF release noted bugs, targetted some to 20.04.1

 15:03 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1826213 in update-manager (Ubuntu Focal) "/usr/bin/update-manager:AttributeError:/usr/bin/update-manager@118:start_update:start_available:refresh_cache:update" [Undecided,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1826213

 15:03 <bdmurray> âœ” done

 15:03 <bdmurray> vorlon is off

 15:03 <bdmurray> sil2100:

 15:03 <sil2100> o/

 15:04 <sil2100> - SRU reviews and releases, though not as many as usual

 15:04 <sil2100> - +1 maintenance on Monday and Tuesday

 15:04 <sil2100> - DMB meeting

 15:04 <sil2100> - HWE team sync-up

 15:04 <sil2100> - UC20 beta preparation

 15:04 <sil2100> * Iteration on image status

 15:04 <sil2100> * Discussions regarding what to do once beta is released, some propositions stated

 15:04 <sil2100> - netplan:

 15:04 <sil2100> * Reviewing the bonds PR, now merged

 15:04 <sil2100> * Merging bonds to the OVS bridges in-progress code

 15:04 <sil2100> * Looking into ways of generating some basic networkd config to OVS interfaces

 15:04 <sil2100> * Finishing basic OVS bridges support, submitting PR

 15:04 <sil2100> - Preparing very simple scripting for generating simplestreams for released images

 15:04 <sil2100> - Further iteration on the ActivationMode systemd-networkd PR

 15:04 <sil2100> - Preparing some new model assertions for images

 15:04 <sil2100> - Image stuff, lots

 15:04 <sil2100> (done)

 15:04 <tdaitx> * Mixed services dependency + setup for jck snap (some installed on host, some as stage packages)

 15:04 <tdaitx> * Rebuild scilab + dependencies to fix LP: #1877234 and LP:  #1870813

 15:04 <tdaitx> * Other: setup openjdk account

 15:04 <tdaitx> (done)

 15:04 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1877234 in scilab (Ubuntu) "Scilab 6.0.2 crashes on startup" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1877234

 15:04 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1870813 in scilab (Ubuntu) "Scilab does not start on focal" [Undecided,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1870813

 15:05 <bdmurray> rbalint is out

 15:05 <bdmurray> waveform:

 15:05 <waveform> * Cleared all (important) lintian warnings for raspberrypi-userland package for camera support; one last fix required for dtoverlay overlay/param-help option

 15:05 <waveform> * Investigated pi bootloader partition redirection (unsuccessfully), but...

 15:05 <waveform> * Documented everything (I know?) about the Pi's bootloader for kernel team's help

 15:05 <waveform> * Setting up a test NOOBS image for kernel team to play with

 15:05 <waveform> (done)

 15:05 <bdmurray> slyon:

 15:05 <slyon> - Had a short week

 15:05 <slyon> - Prepared MP for apport, to improve handling of snap bug reports

 15:05 <slyon> * Needs review, bug #1861082

 15:05 <slyon> - Tried to setup arm64 autopkgtest, I probably need some help there

 15:05 <slyon> * Will get back to you about that later

 15:05 <slyon> == Netplan ==

 15:05 <ubottu> bug 1861082 in snapd "ubuntu-bug doesn't know how to file bugs against snaps" [Medium,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1861082

 15:05 <slyon> - Finalized OpenVSwitch Bonds PR#142, Merged

 15:05 <slyon> - Closed bug #1872966 SMB1 problem, Invalid

 15:05 <slyon> - Debugged memory corruption with NetworkManager netplan plugin

 15:05 <slyon> * sent new nm-snap patch to field engineering team for testing

 15:05 <ubottu> bug 1872966 in netplan "unable to connect to NAS, other devices fine" [Undecided,Invalid] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1872966

 15:05 <slyon> - Reviewing OpenVSwitch Bridges PR#144

 15:05 <slyon> (done)

 15:05 <bdmurray> xnox:

 15:05 <xnox> fixed-up interactive netmount bug reports & polish as reported by frank, he is happy, time to sru this

 15:06 <xnox> Worked on https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/glibc/+bug/1880853

 15:06 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1880853 in cloud-images "libc6-lse lets update-initramfs fail on AWS m6g instances" [Undecided,New]

 15:06 <xnox> Worked on https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/lvm2/+bug/1871154

 15:06 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1871154 in initramfs-tools (Ubuntu Focal) "Error message displayed during boot (mountroot hook, premount)" [Undecided,Fix committed]

 15:06 <xnox> Worked on riscv64 golang/snapd/lxd bootstrap with snapd team, wgrant, jsing, stgraber - the last one has a build of working lxd now, so we might get livefs capable builders in launchpad next, unlocking building binary livefs & snaps

 15:06 <xnox> Continuing work on unwinding d-i from all the things, with focus on ubiquity de-vendorasation

 15:06 <xnox> Kicked off SRUs for a few things for .1 release

 15:06 <xnox> Stepped in doing +1 maintenance today & tomorrow, will report on that separately

 15:06 <xnox> done

 15:06 <bdmurray> doko:

 15:06 <doko> - three days off

 15:06 <doko> - two days +1 maintenance

 15:07 <doko> (done)

 15:07 <bdmurray> juliank:

 15:07 <juliank> * short week, long weekend (off Fri & Mon)

 15:07 <juliank> * update-excuses:

 15:07 <juliank> - apt-clone needed s/pyflakes/pyflakes3/ and s/python-apt//

 15:07 <juliank> - retried still failing tests (apt, sugar) against new update-notifier

 15:07 <juliank> - analysed autopkgtest, noting new fixed version could be synced, but then realized it already was :/

 15:07 <juliank> - [make] retried flatpak-builder on s390x for make-dfsg => did not help

 15:07 <juliank> - retried apt-clone failures w/ new apt-clone :)

 15:07 <juliank> - [make] fixed cross-toolchain-base (43ubuntu4) to correctly build its "space" variable with new make;

 15:07 <juliank> same for -mipsen and -ports per doko

 15:07 <juliank> - [make] fixed dpkg man/Makefile.am to not add requisites on suffix targets

 15:07 <juliank> * followed up on some maas grub bugs, asking for smaller maas-less reproducers

 15:07 <juliank> * released apt 2.1.6

 15:07 <juliank> * followed up on a previous upstream aptitude merge request, making sure it was fully merged

 15:08 <juliank> (done)

 15:08 <bdmurray> any questions about lightning?

 15:08 <bdmurray> #topic Release incoming bugs

 15:08 <bdmurray> http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-gg-incoming-bug-tasks.html

 15:09 <bdmurray> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-gg-incoming-bug-tasks.html

 15:09 <bdmurray> dbus timeout is still with desktop

 15:09 <bdmurray> the vim one had a stale tag, its already been carded

 15:10 <bdmurray> bug 1870189

 15:10 <ubottu> bug 1870189 in livecd-rootfs (Ubuntu) "initramfs does not get loaded" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1870189

 15:12 <xnox> punt it to the cpc-help team?

 15:12 <bdmurray> sounds good

 15:13 <bdmurray> bug 1880260

 15:13 <ubottu> bug 1880260 in grub2 (Ubuntu) "please build monolithic eltorito image" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1880260

 15:14 <bdmurray> bug 1876286

 15:14 <ubottu> bug 1876286 in gnutls28 (Ubuntu) "Evolution reports "Error performing TLS handshake: Internal error in memory allocation."" [Undecided,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1876286

 15:14 <juliank> oh nice

 15:15 <bdmurray> let's card, target and SRU that

 15:16 <bdmurray> bug 1881632

 15:16 <ubottu> bug 1881632 in update-notifier (Ubuntu) "esm security updates not reported by apt update-notifier" [Undecided,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1881632

 15:19 <juliank> not for us, i assume

 15:19 <bdmurray> Let's just do a review of it

 15:20 <bdmurray> juliank: Can you review it?

 15:21 <juliank> yeah

 15:21 <bdmurray> thanks

 15:21 <bdmurray> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ff-incoming-bug-tasks.html

 15:21 <bdmurray> let's sort by date created

 15:21 <bdmurray> so bug 1880193

 15:21 <ubottu> bug 1880193 in autofs (Ubuntu) "autofs: Assertion 'set_remove(iterator->links, link) == link' failed at src/shared/userdb.c:314, function userdb_on_query_reply(). Aborting." [Medium,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1880193

 15:25 <bdmurray> lets pass on that for now

 15:25 <bdmurray> bug 1879708

 15:25 <ubottu> Error: Could not gather data from Launchpad for bug #1879708 (https://launchpad.net/bugs/1879708). The error has been logged

 15:26 <bdmurray> bug 1879708

 15:27 <bdmurray> lets card the 3 bugs that are assigned to Canonical Foundations

 15:27 <bdmurray> bug 1879592

 15:27 <ubottu> bug 1879592 in netplan.io (Ubuntu) "Netplan does not apply at boot after upgrade to 20.04" [Undecided,Incomplete] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1879592

 15:27 <slyon> seems to be a duplicate #1860926

 15:28 <bdmurray> let's remove the tag

 15:28 <bdmurray> bug 1875918

 15:28 <ubottu> bug 1875918 in openjdk-lts (Ubuntu) "openjdk crash: jdk11+eclipse+jformdesigner" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1875918

 15:29 <bdmurray> i have a note that tdaitx was looking at this

 15:30 <bdmurray> bug 1875918

 15:30 <ubottu> bug 1875918 in openjdk-lts (Ubuntu) "openjdk crash: jdk11+eclipse+jformdesigner" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1875918

 15:30 <bdmurray> sorry typo

 15:30 <bdmurray> bug 1875760

 15:30 <ubottu> bug 1875760 in command-not-found (Ubuntu) "/usr/lib/cnf-update-db:sqlite3.OperationalError:/usr/lib/cnf-update-db@26:create" [Medium,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1875760

 15:30 <juliank> sounds reasonable

 15:31 <bdmurray> sounds reasonable to fix?

 15:31 <juliank> I'm tryint to open error tracker to get more info

 15:31 <bdmurray> sqlite3.OperationalError: database is locked

 15:31 <juliank> ah

 15:32 <juliank> hmm, this might be complicated, but needs to be investigated

 15:32 <bdmurray> lets target, card and backlog it

 15:34 <mclemenceau> Ok

 15:35 <bdmurray> at a minimum we shouldn't be generating a crash report here

 15:35 <bdmurray> bug 1875523

 15:35 <ubottu> bug 1875523 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu) "I can't upgrade the ubuntu to 20.04 by terminal. Everytime I do it, a message appear saying that it is not possible do the upgrade." [Undecided,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1875523

 15:35 <bdmurray> juliank I think we talked about this before and something about the ordering of python during the upgrade

 15:36 <juliank> maybe

 15:36 <juliank> chrome translated the whole bug report to german

 15:36 <bdmurray> it was some time ago

 15:40 <bdmurray> let's target, card it and also set a milestone for the point release

 15:40 <bdmurray> since its upgrades from B

 15:40 <bdmurray> bug 1874953

 15:40 <ubottu> bug 1874953 in dpkg (Ubuntu) "dpkg: conffile difference visualizer subprocess returned error exit status 127" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1874953

 15:40 * juliank will try a mark_delete("python-minimal"); mark_install("python2-minimal") and see if that helps the upgrade issue

 15:43 <bdmurray> lets target and card that too

 15:45 <bdmurray> #topic Team proposed-migration report

 15:45 <bdmurray> https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs

 15:48 * juliank is still working on the make-dfsg block

 15:48 <bdmurray> balint took python-tz but is out

 15:48 <bdmurray> I'll go ahead and take that

 15:49 <juliank> probably just needs a retry, maybe one is already queued

 15:49 <bdmurray> Is there a way to query the queue?

 15:49 <bdmurray> steve said golang-defaults was probably a false positive

 15:50 <juliank> curl /running and  grep?

 15:50 <bdmurray> is running things that are waiting to run though?

 15:50 <juliank> yeah

 15:50 <juliank> it lists all running stuff + queues

 15:51 <bdmurray> util-linux is still on me

 15:51 <bdmurray> python-secretstorage vs python3-jeepney, that's an MIR that was deferred last cycle

 15:51 <bdmurray> from steve last week

 15:52 <bdmurray> vim was with tdaitx

 15:52 <bdmurray> git vorlon was chaning

 15:52 <bdmurray> chasing

 15:53 <xnox> cross-toolchain-base dpkg make-dfsg => all juliank?

 15:53 <xnox> flatpak-builder on me

 15:53 <xnox> fonts-dejavu was mine

 15:53 <bdmurray> bzip2 is new

 15:54 <bdmurray> xnox will take all of that

 15:54 <xnox> bzip2 => and blocking friends on xnox

 15:56 <bdmurray> okay

 15:56 <bdmurray> #AOB

 15:56 <bdmurray> #topic AOB

 15:56 <slyon> I will be out next week Thu & Fri, due to my wedding.

 15:57 <bdmurray> thanks everybody

 15:57 <bdmurray> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)