== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team, 02 Jul at 15:00 &mdash; 15:50 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2020/ubuntu-meeting.2020-07-02-15.00.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning rounds ===
The discussion about "Lightning rounds" started at 15:01.


=== Release incoming bugs ===
The discussion about "Release incoming bugs" started at 15:09.

  * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-gg-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs 
  * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ff-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs 
  * ''LINK:'' https://irclogs.ubuntu.com/2020/06/25/%23ubuntu-meeting.html 

=== Team proposed-migration report ===
The discussion about "Team proposed-migration report" started at 15:35.

  * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs 

=== AOB ===
The discussion about "AOB" started at 15:47.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * bdmurray (54)
 * vorlon (41)
 * sil2100 (21)
 * slyon (18)
 * xnox (14)
 * rbalint (11)
 * ubottu (11)
 * juliank (10)
 * waveform (8)
 * tdaitx_ (5)
 * mclemenceau (3)
 * meetingology (3)
 * tdaitx (2)



== Full Log ==


 15:00 <bdmurray> #startmeeting Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team

 15:00 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Jul  2 15:00:59 2020 UTC.  The chair is bdmurray. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 15:00 <meetingology> 

 15:00 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 15:01 <bdmurray> #topic Lightning rounds

 15:01 <bdmurray> echo $(shuf -e vorlon bdmurray xnox tdaitx doko sil2100 rbalint infinity mwhudson juliank waveform slyon)

 15:01 * juliank has not prepared status notes yet :/

 15:01 <bdmurray> bdmurray vorlon sil2100 tdaitx infinity waveform xnox rbalint mwhudson juliank doko slyon

 15:01 <bdmurray> +1 maintenance

 15:01 <bdmurray> added scipy to big_packages in autopkgtest & sent email regarding it

 15:01 <bdmurray> uploaded mercurial to skip a test as it is flaky

 15:01 <bdmurray> forwarded the "patch" to debian bug 956697

 15:01 <ubottu> Debian bug 956697 in src:mercurial "mercurial: flaky autopkgtests" [Normal,Open] http://bugs.debian.org/956697

 15:02 <bdmurray> started a discussion regarding libcpupower-dev package

 15:02 <bdmurray> after struggling to sort out u-r-u autopkgtest failure got help from xnox (thanks!)

 15:02 <bdmurray> wrote a test case for LP: #1874953, uploaded SRU of less for 20.04 LTS

 15:02 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1874953 in dpkg (Debian) "dpkg: conffile difference visualizer subprocess returned error exit status 127" [Unknown,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1874953

 15:02 <bdmurray> special SRU reviews of software-properties, casper, python-oslo.policy

 15:02 <bdmurray> âœ” done

 15:02 <bdmurray> vorlon: ?

 15:02 <vorlon> bdmurray: skip for the moment please

 15:02 <sil2100> Oh, so me?

 15:02 <sil2100> - SRU reviews and releases

 15:02 <sil2100> - DMB meeting

 15:02 <sil2100> - +1 maintenance on Monday/Tuesday

 15:02 <sil2100> - netplan:

 15:02 <sil2100> * Reviewing the NetworkManager netplan rw plugin

 15:02 <sil2100> * Reviewing OVS-fixes PR from Lukas

 15:02 <sil2100> * Writing a quick PR for fake VLAN bridge support

 15:02 <sil2100> * Refreshing the netplan OVS test packages with latest changes

 15:02 <sil2100> * Some thinking about SR-IOV improvements, almost finished changes for PR

 15:02 <sil2100> * Discussing uc20 required improvements with the snapd team

 15:02 <sil2100> - Looked into why core18 landed in manual review

 15:03 <sil2100> - Investigated core18 snaps not getting auto-promoted to subsequent channels

 15:03 <sil2100> * Refreshed credentials with a fresh token

 15:03 <sil2100> - Poking around on feedback re: cdimage appliance images

 15:03 <sil2100> - Point-release coordination

 15:03 <sil2100> - Misc AA work

 15:03 <sil2100> (done)

 15:03 <tdaitx_> * short week: out Thu and Fri

 15:03 <tdaitx_> * Packaged openjdk 8u262-b07 and 11.0.8-b08

 15:03 <tdaitx_> - failed to run tests on Groovy due to newer jtreg (autopkgtests on groovy were also affected)

 15:03 <tdaitx_> - autopkgtest scripts are failing to run jtdiff

 15:03 <tdaitx_> (done)

 15:03 <bdmurray> waveform:

 15:03 <waveform> * Short week (fri/mon off for long weekend working on piwheels migration)

 15:03 <waveform> * Addressed comments on libubootenv MIR (LP: #1885142)

 15:03 <waveform> * Prepped SRU for flash-kernel (LP: #1868071)

 15:03 <waveform> * Worked on various boot scenarios for Ubuntu on Pi (experimenting with USB/net boot with u-boot removed)

 15:03 <waveform> * Tested beta firmwares with rpi-eeprom tools on Ubuntu

 15:03 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1885142 in libubootenv (Ubuntu) "[MIR] libubootenv-tool, libubootenv0.1" [Undecided,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1885142

 15:03 <waveform> * Lots of pi forum posts

 15:03 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1868071 in flash-kernel (Ubuntu Bionic) "[SRU] flash-kernel needs to support 'raspi' kernel flavors" [Medium,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1868071

 15:03 <waveform> (done)

 15:04 <bdmurray> xnox:

 15:04 <xnox> Prep for midcycle

 15:04 <xnox> Worked on libnettle transition & haskell

 15:04 <xnox> Working on riscv atomics / bootstrapping things

 15:04 <xnox> All cd-boot-images have landed hooray!

 15:04 <xnox> Gathering feedback about iso testing test cases

 15:04 <xnox> Reviewing grub stuff

 15:04 <xnox> done

 15:04 <bdmurray> rbalint:

 15:05 <rbalint> (very short week)

 15:05 <rbalint> * partner work

 15:05 <rbalint> * systemd bug gardening

 15:05 <rbalint> * +1 maintenance (ongoing)

 15:05 <rbalint> (done)

 15:05 <bdmurray> juliank:

 15:05 <juliank> * digged around in the apt method and fixed some http things (https://salsa.debian.org/apt-team/apt/-/merge_requests/122)

 15:05 <juliank> * found out that the pstate governor changed in groovy to performance when it should be powersave

 15:06 <juliank> * then found out that playing music over USB DAC gets CPU stuck in C2 and keeps fan spinning (frequency jumps between 1 GHz and 3 GHz)

 15:06 <juliank> * finished bileto uploads of fixed grub uploads for xenial and bionic, still need to test them in a VM (focal/groovy was tested on live system ;))

 15:06 <juliank> * testing newer kernels

 15:06 <juliank> (done)

 15:06 <bdmurray> doko:

 15:07 <bdmurray> vorlon:

 15:07 <vorlon> * short week this week due to US holiday on Friday

 15:07 <vorlon> * some SRU team work last Friday

 15:07 <vorlon> * closed out with Alberto the fixes to nvidia packaging so that archive skew will never again cause the dkms package to be installed instead of the signed kernel modules

 15:07 <vorlon> * working on haskell transition

 15:07 <vorlon> * additional debian-cd reviews; the latest ubuntu-server live image has now been built without using any debian-installer bootloader bits from the archive

 15:07 <vorlon> * work on making ubuntu-archive-tools compatible with the new rebased britney that's coming soon

 15:07 <vorlon> (done)

 15:07 <bdmurray> slyon:

 15:07 <slyon> - Setup 32bit CI testing for badger

 15:07 <slyon> * Merged via https://github.com/dgraph-io/badger/pull/1392

 15:07 <slyon> * They commited to fix the bugs: https://github.com/dgraph-io/badger/issues/1397

 15:07 <slyon> - Fixed fonts-font-awesome links in streamlink & python-mkdocs

 15:07 <slyon> * Both merged in Debian Salsa, awaiting upload/sponsorship

 15:07 <slyon> * https://salsa.debian.org/amurzeau/streamlink/-/merge_requests/1

 15:07 <slyon> * https://salsa.debian.org/python-team/modules/python-mkdocs/-/merge_requests/2

 15:07 <slyon> - Prepared IWD vs WPA Supplicant evaluation document

 15:07 <slyon> === Netplan ===

 15:07 <slyon> - Fixed build on ppc64el

 15:07 <slyon> - Reviewed Lukasz' OVS fake VLAN bridges PR#148

 15:07 <slyon> * Added integration tests for OVS fake VLAN bridges

 15:07 <slyon> - Reviewed & Merged simple community PR#150 (inconsistent indentation)

 15:07 <slyon> - Started arguing with upstream about the NM settings plugin RFC

 15:07 <slyon> * gitlab.freedesktop.org/NetworkManager/NetworkManager/-/merge_requests/556

 15:07 <slyon> * Prepared plugin test plan document for the Desktop team

 15:07 <slyon> (done)

 15:08 <bdmurray> any questions on status?

 15:09 <bdmurray> #topic Release incoming bugs

 15:09 <bdmurray> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-gg-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 15:10 <bdmurray> bug 1885414

 15:10 <ubottu> bug 1885414 in ubiquity (Ubuntu) "ubiquity: bootloader failed on /dev/vda" [Critical,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1885414

 15:11 <xnox> i wonder if i should take it, or maybe mwhudson?

 15:11 <bdmurray> supposedly mwhudson already fixed it?

 15:11 <xnox> cause i wonder if we are now discovering bugs because we are installing bootloaders to the right place, yet it doesn't have enough gap for it.

 15:12 <xnox> i guess is should review / upload / fix?

 15:12 <bdmurray> we'll target adn card it

 15:12 <bdmurray> that dbus bug is desktop

 15:12 <bdmurray> bug 1880258

 15:12 <ubottu> bug 1880258 in systemd (Ubuntu) "Add trailing dot to make connectivity-check.ubuntu.com. absolute and reduce NXDOMAIN warning noise" [Medium,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1880258

 15:14 <vorlon> sounds like the remaining systemd task should be considered low-priority

 15:14 <bdmurray> bug 1885730

 15:14 <vorlon> but the nm one we think should be targeted to focal

 15:14 <ubottu> bug 1885730 in linux (Ubuntu) "Bring back ondemand.service or switch kernel default governor for pstate - pstate now defaults to performance governor" [Undecided,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1885730

 15:15 <juliank> needs discussion w/ kernel team

 15:15 <bdmurray> so that seems worth tracking still

 15:15 <rbalint> agreed

 15:15 <bdmurray> let's card it

 15:16 <mclemenceau> ok

 15:16 <bdmurray> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ff-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 15:17 <bdmurray> bug 1871641 we need to summon the desktop team by commenting on it

 15:17 <ubottu> bug 1871641 in plymouth (Ubuntu) "Ubuntu never finishes booting: A start job is running for Hold until boot process finishes up (3min 7s / no limit) -- removing 'splash' kernel parm fixes it" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1871641

 15:17 <bdmurray> bug 1875918

 15:17 <ubottu> bug 1875918 in openjdk-lts (Ubuntu) "openjdk crash: jdk11+eclipse+jformdesigner" [Undecided,Incomplete] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1875918

 15:18 <bdmurray> tdaitx: are you looking into this?

 15:18 <tdaitx> bdmurray: yeah, on my list

 15:18 <bdmurray> tdaitx: should we have a card for it?

 15:20 <tdaitx> bdmurray: that would help to keep it on track

 15:20 <mclemenceau> you got it

 15:21 <bdmurray> vorlon: last week you said we should revisit the isc-dhcp bugs

 15:21 <vorlon> did I? trying to swap in context

 15:21 <bdmurray> https://irclogs.ubuntu.com/2020/06/25/%23ubuntu-meeting.html

 15:22 <bdmurray> also "somehow we share isc-dhcp with security team, not server :)"

 15:22 <vorlon> ah I said we should punt them

 15:22 <vorlon> :)

 15:22 <vorlon> I meant to punt them farther down the field, where we wouldn't have to touch them for a while

 15:22 <vorlon> ;-P

 15:22 <bdmurray> should we get the server team subscribed though?

 15:22 <xnox> isc-dhcp => i'm ok with foundations taking care of client, but not server.

 15:23 <xnox> and we should put networkd into intird, and stop using isc-dhcp =)

 15:23 <vorlon> true, the server is seeded in server-ship

 15:23 <vorlon> (which... is a seed that needs to go away)

 15:23 <xnox> and client is like in standard?

 15:23 <vorlon> yeah

 15:23 <xnox> right

 15:24 <bdmurray> bug 1883229

 15:24 <ubottu> bug 1883229 in linux (Ubuntu) "Ubuntu server installation on S3260M4 server gets failed " [Undecided,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1883229

 15:33 <vorlon> looks like this needs to be reassigned to subiquity

 15:33 <vorlon> and taken

 15:34 <bdmurray> bug 1865515

 15:34 <ubottu> bug 1865515 in shim-signed (Ubuntu) "Chainbooting from grub over the network to local shim breaks chain of trust" [Undecided,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1865515

 15:34 <bdmurray> I forget where we ended up with this

 15:35 <bdmurray> this is already carded

 15:35 <bdmurray> so targetting it

 15:35 <bdmurray> #topic Team proposed-migration report

 15:36 <vorlon> [LINK] https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs

 15:36 <vorlon> python-secretstorage, still waiting on MIR, nothing to do

 15:36 <vorlon> vim, still with me, this is the riscv64 build failure that I haven't had time to work on (it's a rather big time investment)

 15:37 <vorlon> fonts-font-awesome: slyon: I believe this was yours last week, have you looked at it?

 15:37 <rbalint> vorlon, can we remove the binary still then?

 15:37 <vorlon> rbalint: for vim? not without breaking the world

 15:37 <rbalint> vorlon, in risc?

 15:37 <vorlon> yes

 15:38 <rbalint> :-\

 15:38 <slyon> fonts-font-awesome fixes are awaiting Debian upload

 15:38 <bdmurray> I uploaded a new version of mercurial yesterday

 15:39 <vorlon> rbalint: is something else blocked waiting on new vim?  otherwise, the priority here is to not break the new port

 15:39 <vorlon> bdmurray: thanks

 15:39 <vorlon> looks like all the other stuff from last week that was assigned has been resolved, which is great

 15:39 <rbalint> vorlon, ack

 15:40 <vorlon> pcre3, apache2 autopkgtest regression, flaky on armhf, I'll handle

 15:40 <juliank> make-dfsg is still broken, but upload superseded

 15:41 <vorlon> libio-async-loop-epoll-perl breaks lintian: bdmurray can you take this?

 15:42 <vorlon> sqlite3: various autopkgtest regressions (including python3.8).  sil2100 can you take?

 15:42 <sil2100> o/

 15:42 <sil2100> ACK

 15:42 <bdmurray> vorlon: sure

 15:42 <sil2100> (carding)

 15:42 <vorlon> d-i is handled by xnox

 15:43 <vorlon> rsync also has autopkgtest regressions but these look like false positives etc, I'll take

 15:43 <vorlon> libio-async-perl is a candidate that makes kdesdk uninstallable, so that needs follow-up

 15:44 <vorlon> waveform: ^^ can you take?

 15:44 <waveform> vorlon, will do

 15:44 * juliank runs out for a sec

 15:44 <vorlon> lintian needs an MIR for libdata-validate-domain-perl: rbalint?

 15:44 <rbalint> vorlon,sure, taking

 15:45 <vorlon> and xz-utils needs some autopkgtest wrangling.  juliank can you take?

 15:46 <vorlon> and that's the last one

 15:46 <vorlon> bdmurray:

 15:47 <bdmurray> #topic AOB

 15:47 <bdmurray> Tomorrow is a US holiday

 15:47 <bdmurray> I'll be out

 15:48 <mclemenceau> same here \o/

 15:49 <bdmurray> anything else?

 15:49 <vorlon> not here

 15:50 <bdmurray> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)