== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status, 22 Sep at 14:30 &mdash; 14:47 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2020/ubuntu-meeting.2020-09-22-14.30.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Review of previous action items ===
The discussion about "Review of previous action items" started at 14:30.

  * ''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/MainInclusionProcess?action=show&redirect=MIRTeam#MIR_review_template 

=== current component mismatches ===
The discussion about "current component mismatches" started at 14:31.

  * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg 
  * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg 

=== New MIRs ===
The discussion about "New MIRs" started at 14:38.

  * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=NEW&assignee_option=none&field.assignee=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir 

=== Incomplete bugs / questions ===
The discussion about "Incomplete bugs / questions" started at 14:39.

  * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir 

=== Any other business? ===
The discussion about "Any other business?" started at 14:41.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * cpaelzer (57)
 * ddstreet (7)
 * doko (5)
 * Laney (5)
 * sarnold (3)
 * meetingology (3)



== Full Log ==


 14:30 <cpaelzer> #startmeeting Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status

 14:30 <meetingology> Meeting started Tue Sep 22 14:30:19 2020 UTC.  The chair is cpaelzer. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 14:30 <meetingology> 

 14:30 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 14:30 <cpaelzer> #topic Review of previous action items

 14:30 <cpaelzer> no open actions other than package reviews which will be covered later

 14:30 <cpaelzer> never the less thanks ddstreet for contiuously improving my review template

 14:31 <cpaelzer> I have updated the wiki as well at

 14:31 <cpaelzer> #link https://wiki.ubuntu.com/MainInclusionProcess?action=show&redirect=MIRTeam#MIR_review_template

 14:31 <cpaelzer> #topic current component mismatches

 14:31 <cpaelzer> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg

 14:31 <cpaelzer> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg

 14:31 <cpaelzer> all usual suspects

 14:31 <cpaelzer> we know lintian * is on doko

 14:31 <cpaelzer> ipp-usb waits for seucrity review

 14:31 <cpaelzer> google-guest-agent is ongoing

 14:31 <cpaelzer> really "new" we have arpparmor

 14:32 <cpaelzer> which is a recent FFe ack and now on 3.0 in groovy

 14:32 <cpaelzer> sarnold: do you happen to know if the plan is to MIR and promote or to cut these dependencies?

 14:33 <sarnold> cpaelzer: oof, sorry, these new deps are news to me :( no idea.

 14:33 <cpaelzer> ok sarnold, could you pass them on so the others are aware?

 14:33 <cpaelzer> and then - hence I double pinged jamepage the long list of masakari, cinder, octavia*

 14:33 <cpaelzer> jamespage: and ETA on those

 14:34 <cpaelzer> I'm fine if you don't need them in groovy, but if you do time is soon runnign out

 14:34 <sarnold> thanks cpaelzer

 14:34 <doko> lintian: needs one MIR for a package which is not maintained by the perl group

 14:35 <cpaelzer> "discount" ?

 14:35 <doko> and I wonder if we should just let lintian migrate to universe ...

 14:35 <doko> yes

 14:35 <cpaelzer> doko: while I see you - do you tihnk you could get to the mdevctl MIR review that we have assigned a while ago?

 14:36 <doko> looking

 14:36 <cpaelzer> jamespage: ^^ before we go on - statement on the question above ^^ ?

 14:36 <doko> ok, doing that later

 14:37 <cpaelzer> thanks doko

 14:38 <cpaelzer> jamespage: let us know later about the target release, going on with the agenda now

 14:38 <cpaelzer> #topic New MIRs

 14:38 <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=NEW&assignee_option=none&field.assignee=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 14:38 <cpaelzer> no new except OEM bugs

 14:38 <cpaelzer> Laney: about these oem MIR bugs, when will they get out of the queue?

 14:39 <cpaelzer> some in there are two months old, will they be closed once things get in or what is the end of their live-cycle?

 14:39 <cpaelzer> moving on here

 14:39 <cpaelzer> #topic Incomplete bugs / questions

 14:39 <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 14:39 <Laney> moving on or want an answer? :p

 14:39 <cpaelzer> thanks for all of you who reviewed MIR requests this week

 14:39 <cpaelzer> Laney: you can answer at any time before we close

 14:39 <cpaelzer> not that strict of an agenda structure :-)

 14:40 <Laney> ok, I don't have a timeline, but do you want to be subscribed to these at all?

 14:40 <Laney> we could maybe skip that

 14:40 <cpaelzer> no Laney I think we don't want to as they fall under this special process that was defined for them

 14:40 <cpaelzer> that woudl clear our view onto other things

 14:40 <Laney> ok

 14:41 <Laney> so feel free to unsubscribe!

 14:41 <cpaelzer> will do - thanks Laney

 14:41 <cpaelzer> there is no incomplete bug waiting on us, all back to the reporters with various todos

 14:41 <cpaelzer> #topic Any other business?

 14:41 <ddstreet> o/

 14:42 <ddstreet> one quick question, one of the review items is "TODO: - not part of the UI for extra checks"

 14:42 <ddstreet> however, if a pkg does have a GUI component, what are the "extra checks"?

 14:42 <ddstreet> does the desktop team need to review it?

 14:42 <cpaelzer> ddstreet: the wiki has a small section on what this is about, mostly layout things

 14:43 <cpaelzer> I happened to ask the desktop team the one time I had such a case

 14:43 <ddstreet> ok thanks

 14:43 <cpaelzer> UI standards: (generally only for user-facing applications)

 14:43 <cpaelzer> End-user applications must be internationalized (translatable), using the standard intltool/gettext build and runtime system and produce a proper PO template during build.

 14:43 <cpaelzer> End-user applications must ship a standard conformant desktop file.

 14:43 <cpaelzer> that is from the wiki

 14:44 <cpaelzer> .desktop file we all can check for

 14:44 <cpaelzer> the internationalization strongly depends on the loos term "end user"

 14:44 <ddstreet> ack, thanks!

 14:44 <cpaelzer> so far I have (not the rule) considered things for skilled admins not "end users" in that sense as so much ther eis on english that I thought I can assume that

 14:45 <cpaelzer> but "simple usb formatter" UI tool - that I'd want translated

 14:46 <cpaelzer> In unsubscribed us from the OEM bugs now

 14:46 <cpaelzer> out of topics for today I guess

 14:47 <cpaelzer> thanks everyone

 14:47 <cpaelzer> o/

 14:47 <ddstreet> thanks o/

 14:47 <sarnold> woo, thanks cpaelzer, all :)

 14:47 <cpaelzer> jamespage: feel free to let me know the target release later on

 14:47 <cpaelzer> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)