== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team, 23 Jan at 16:05 &mdash; 16:51 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2020/ubuntu-meeting.2020-01-23-16.05.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning rounds ===
The discussion about "Lightning rounds" started at 16:05.


=== Release incoming bugs (focal) ===
The discussion about "Release incoming bugs (focal)" started at 16:13.

  * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ff-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs 

=== Release incoming bugs (eoan) ===
The discussion about "Release incoming bugs (eoan)" started at 16:16.

  * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ee-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs 

=== Release incoming bugs (bionic) ===
The discussion about "Release incoming bugs (bionic)" started at 16:19.

  * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-bb-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs 

=== Team proposed-migration report ===
The discussion about "Team proposed-migration report" started at 16:20.

  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs 
  * ''LINK:'' https://objectstorage.prodstack4-5.canonical.com/v1/AUTH_77e2ada1e7a84929a74ba3b87153c0ac/autopkgtest-focal/focal/amd64/a/apport/20200116_201044_da64d@/log.gz 

=== AOB ===
The discussion about "AOB" started at 16:34.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * vorlon (61)
 * juliank (54)
 * doko (34)
 * sil2100 (31)
 * waveform (13)
 * rbalint (11)
 * ubottu (8)
 * meetingology (3)



== Full Log ==


 16:05 <juliank> #startmeeting Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team

 16:05 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Jan 23 16:05:01 2020 UTC.  The chair is juliank. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:05 <meetingology> 

 16:05 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 16:05 <juliank> #topic Lightning rounds

 16:05 <juliank> echo $(shuf -e vorlon bdmurray xnox tdaitx doko sil2100 rbalint infinity cyphermox mwhudson juliank waveform)

 16:05 <juliank> tdaitx sil2100 rbalint vorlon doko infinity bdmurray juliank waveform mwhudson xnox

 16:06 <sil2100> Oh no, I almost won

 16:06 <juliank> tdaitx is out

 16:06 <sil2100> Oh, so I did win

 16:06 <juliank> sil2100:

 16:06 <sil2100> :(

 16:06 <sil2100> - SRU reviews and releases

 16:06 <sil2100> - 18.04.4:

 16:06 <sil2100> * Lots of coordination stuff, keeping release doc up-to-date

 16:06 <sil2100> * Kernel bumps in d-i (Adam did the missing installer seed changes)

 16:06 <sil2100> * Discussions regarding .disk/info

 16:06 <sil2100> * Releasing support for .disk/info in ubuntu-image, livecd-rootfs and cdimage for bionic

 16:06 <sil2100> * Work on updating pi-gadget for core18 to support pi4, back and forth on that one

 16:06 <sil2100> * Lots of fighting with snapcraft to make pi-gadget buildable again

 16:06 <sil2100> * Bumped the chroot to bionic for pi-gadget's travis CI

 16:06 <sil2100> * Handling of some .4 SRUs here and there

 16:07 <sil2100> * Building some test images

 16:07 <sil2100> * Started preparing language-pack updates for .4

 16:07 <sil2100> - Helping out with release-related archive work

 16:07 <sil2100> - Triaging ubuntu-image issues

 16:07 <sil2100> - Looking into some issues with automation

 16:07 <sil2100> (done)

 16:07 <rbalint> (short week)

 16:07 <rbalint> * partner work

 16:07 <rbalint> * unattended-upgrades fixes, about to upload them

 16:07 <rbalint> * uploads via Debian: wireshark 3.2.1, flatbuffers (ftbfs fix)

 16:07 <rbalint> * merges/syncs: rtags, libnfs (mini transition), shadow

 16:07 <rbalint> * uploaded systemd 244.1 with more fixes, it is about to migrate

 16:07 <rbalint> (done)

 16:07 <vorlon> * i386/proposed migration:

 16:07 <vorlon> * fixed a bug in britney that caused over-triggering of packages on archs where we had no binaries; should make things a bit less manual now in terms of test overrides

 16:07 <vorlon> * fixed the apt pinning in autopkgtest to include both native and target arch packages, so that things don't fall back to installing everything from proposed, sometimes with bad results

 16:07 <vorlon> * SRU reviews

 16:08 <vorlon> * out tomorrow and Friday afternoon

 16:08 <vorlon> (done)

 16:08 <juliank> doko:

 16:09 <doko> - python2 removal, now ready except for yade. See LP: #1860601.

 16:09 <doko> - binutils update to the release branch

 16:09 <doko> - fix oprofile for new binutils

 16:09 <doko> - gcc-9 update

 16:09 <doko> - some transitions

 16:09 <vorlon> er and when I say "Tomorrow and Friday afternoon", I mean "today rest of day, and "tomorrow afternoon" :)

 16:09 <doko> - discussions and draft for python2 removal email.

 16:09 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1860601 in openblas (Ubuntu) "openblas: causes autopkgtest failure in hypre armhf" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1860601

 16:10 <vorlon> doko: done?

 16:11 <juliank> It feels like it

 16:11 <juliank> I guess bdmurray is busy with other stuff, so

 16:11 <vorlon> infinity not here; bdmurray out of office; juliank

 16:11 <juliank> yes

 16:12 <juliank> I played with VM to test LP: #1509717 and uploaded the SRUs for that to eoan and bionic

 16:12 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1509717 in lvm2 (Ubuntu Eoan) "Wily LVM-RAID1 â€“ md: personality for level 1 is not loaded" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1509717

 16:12 <juliank> some more work on python-apt security stuff (merging branches), followup releases

 16:12 <juliank> updated my PackageKit pull requests

 16:12 <juliank> (done)

 16:12 <juliank> waveform:

 16:12 <waveform> * Investigated issue with wifi firmware (missing linux-firmware dep)

 16:12 <waveform> * Investigated race with cloud-init mounting /boot/firmware; created workaround for livecd-rootfs

 16:12 <waveform> * Bionic Pi4 SRUs:

 16:12 <waveform> * flash-kernel, LP: #1847587 - after much discussion (many thanks to infinity and juliank!) this has been re-done to ensure the f-k trigger fires correctly in all circumstances

 16:12 <waveform> * u-boot, LP: #1846329 - as part of the f-k changes above, this has now been simplified (no trigger to trigger a trigger!)

 16:12 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1847587 in flash-kernel (Ubuntu Bionic) "[SRU] Add entries for Pi 4" [Undecided,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1847587

 16:12 <waveform> * Tons of testing of all aforementioned stuff on a variety of pi hardware!

 16:12 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1846329 in u-boot (Ubuntu Bionic) "[SRU] 2019.07 to support Pi4 boot" [Undecided,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1846329

 16:13 <waveform> * Did I mention all the testing?

 16:13 <waveform> * ... on bionic and focal?

 16:13 <waveform> * ... and a couple of sil2100's core18 images?

 16:13 <waveform> * suffice it to say, there was a lot

 16:13 <doko> - python2 removal, now ready except for yade. See LP: #1860601.

 16:13 <doko> - binutils update to the release branch

 16:13 <doko> - fix oprofile for new binutils

 16:13 <doko> - gcc-9 update

 16:13 <doko> - some transitions

 16:13 <doko> - discussions and draft for python2 removal email.

 16:13 <waveform> (done)

 16:13 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1860601 in openblas (Ubuntu) "openblas: causes autopkgtest failure in hypre armhf" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1860601

 16:13 <juliank> OK, I guess the remaining two are not here, so

 16:13 <vorlon> doko: you came through twice

 16:13 <vorlon> fwiw

 16:13 <juliank> #topic Release incoming bugs (focal)

 16:13 <juliank> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ff-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 16:14 <vorlon> the first one is in progress and has an assignee (desktop), let's just move that to committed

 16:14 <vorlon> (in fact it's already targeted, let's just remove the tag)

 16:14 <doko> oops, network issues

 16:14 <vorlon> LP: #1859610 is also targeted and is fix committed, removing the tag

 16:14 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1859610 in pygobject (Ubuntu Focal) "python-gi/arm64 segfaults with the focal-proposed libffi version" [High,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1859610

 16:15 <vorlon> the others are medium or lower, so I think we can skip over those?

 16:15 <juliank> Most are undecided

 16:15 <vorlon> actually I'm going to target LP: #1854513, it's an s390x roadmap item

 16:15 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1854513 in Ubuntu on IBM z Systems "casper should allow interactive configuration of ip= vlan= url= when incorrectly netbooted" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1854513

 16:16 <vorlon> juliank: do we need to go through the undecided?

 16:16 <juliank> I don't think it's worth it today at least

 16:16 <juliank> #topic Release incoming bugs (eoan)

 16:16 <juliank> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ee-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 16:17 <juliank> Quite a few in there

 16:17 <vorlon> the top one is another zfs installer bug, assigned to desktop; I'll clean up tags

 16:17 <vorlon> the rest are <= medium

 16:19 <juliank> oh true

 16:19 <juliank> #topic Release incoming bugs (bionic)

 16:19 <juliank> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-bb-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 16:19 <juliank> 1 critical bug and 1 high bug

 16:19 <vorlon> the first is again already targeted, so I'm cleaning the tag

 16:19 <juliank> second one is too

 16:20 <vorlon> second is also targeted-

 16:20 <vorlon> ok

 16:20 <vorlon> done

 16:20 <juliank> #topic Team proposed-migration report

 16:20 <juliank> #link http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs

 16:21 <juliank> Hmm, bunch of armhf-only failures

 16:21 <vorlon> pretty much all new contents vs last week, which is good

 16:21 <vorlon> I assume waveform hasn't made headway on fribidi because he's been occupied with rpibidi

 16:21 <waveform> vorlon, afraid so

 16:22 <vorlon> automake-1.16, bdmurray did some investigation, didn't get it sorted before travel; I think realistically that's going to sit until next week

 16:22 <vorlon> p11-kit is entangled with libffi which was blocked by glib2.0 which was waiting on resolution of test regressions

 16:22 <vorlon> I'll push on that a little more this week

 16:22 <vorlon> doko: pillow was yours, the binaries are sorted and now it's blocked by scipy autopkgtest failures; will you continue on with that?

 16:23 <doko> yes, looking at scipy upstream

 16:23 <vorlon> netplan.io has autopkgtest regressions with new network-manager, but I can't tell that it's not a NM regression; I think we should leave this to the NM uploader for now

 16:24 <rbalint> vorlon, i can take fribidi if waveform is busy with rpi

 16:24 <vorlon> apport is a testsuite regression due to /usr/bin/python disappearance.  tdaitx is TIL but is out this week.  anyone want to look at that?

 16:24 <vorlon> waveform: ^^ you ok to pass that one on?

 16:24 <doko> how do you see that?

 16:24 <vorlon> doko: which one, apport?

 16:24 <doko> yes

 16:25 <waveform> vorlon, rbalint - sure - got my hands full debugging pi-core-18 not booting at the moment

 16:25 <rbalint> waveform, vorlon ok, taking fribidi then

 16:25 <vorlon> doko: ERROR:Q test_interactive [...] FileNotFoundError: [Errno 2] No such file or directory: 'python': 'python'

 16:25 <doko> I can look at apport, but if you see how it's calling python ...

 16:25 <doko> ok

 16:25 <vorlon> https://objectstorage.prodstack4-5.canonical.com/v1/AUTH_77e2ada1e7a84929a74ba3b87153c0ac/autopkgtest-focal/focal/amd64/a/apport/20200116_201044_da64d@/log.gz

 16:25 <juliank> I can take apport too

 16:26 <vorlon> juliank, rbalint: thanks

 16:26 <vorlon> a bunch of failing tests blocking pygobject

 16:26 <vorlon> I had started looking at these, I'll follow through and see what's what

 16:26 <doko> all the packages blocking pygobject can be given back with the correct triggers

 16:26 <vorlon> ok, then I shall :)

 16:27 <doko> all-proposed works, but currently not on arm64

 16:27 <vorlon> sphinx/armhf blocking webkit2gtk, someone want to look?

 16:27 <vorlon> ubuntu-release-upgrader/armhf also blocking webkit2gtk

 16:27 <vorlon> so those are a pair, if someone wants to take

 16:28 <juliank> python-sphinx certainly is a python2 unsat situation

 16:28 <vorlon> sil2100: ^^ do you want these?

 16:28 <juliank> Broken autopkgtest-satdep:armhf Depends on python-whoosh:armhf < none @un H >

 16:28 <sil2100> I can look at u-r-u

 16:28 <sil2100> I'm afrait to pick too much with the .4 on the way

 16:29 <juliank> python-sphinx probably needs to be removed?

 16:29 <juliank> but can't

 16:29 <juliank> or whoosh reintroduced?

 16:29 <sil2100> vorlon: I guess give them to me for now

 16:29 <sil2100> I'll do my best to look!

 16:29 <vorlon> juliank: we don't reintroduce python2 modules for test deps.  if it's reproducible in the release pocket due to removal, we badtest

 16:29 <juliank> ah ok

 16:30 <vorlon> s390-tools is involved in a net-snmp transition; probably not the top priority to sort out just right now

 16:30 <vorlon> openjdk-lts is the i386 autopkgtest regression, which I'm kinda working on, I'll push patches somewhere

 16:30 <doko> server team is looking at that transition

 16:31 <vorlon> gobject-introspection seems to be the same kind of problem as pygobject, so I'll look at those also

 16:31 <vorlon> someone want to look at skiboot's missing build?

 16:32 <vorlon> doko: are you driving python3.7 and python3.8?

 16:32 <rbalint> taking skiboot

 16:32 <vorlon> rbalint: thanks

 16:32 <vorlon> and then I think we'll stop there, people can pick up from the rest if they have capacity

 16:34 <juliank> sil2100: python-sphinx just needs retrying it seems, I just retried it

 16:34 <sil2100> juliank: thanks

 16:34 <juliank> #topic AOB

 16:34 <juliank> anyone?

 16:35 <doko> LP: #1860601

 16:35 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1860601 in openblas (Ubuntu) "openblas: causes autopkgtest failure in hypre armhf" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1860601

 16:35 <doko> last package blocking the python removal

 16:35 <sil2100> Yeah, so I still need to comment on that one, but I'd like someone more experienced form the release team to do a final call

 16:36 <vorlon> a final call on what?

 16:36 <sil2100> Since this looks like a real regression from new openblas, at least regressing the test suite for hypre

 16:36 <sil2100> It worries me that it's not reproducible locally when tried

 16:36 <vorlon> sure

 16:36 <sil2100> So it feels to me like this failure could be hinted, but on the other hand the same failure doesn't happen with the old openblas

 16:37 <juliank> Oh, I mean I guess I could investigate that on the cloud itself

 16:37 <sil2100> s/failure/hang/

 16:37 <vorlon> juliank: do you want to dig in and report back, then?

 16:37 <sil2100> (since it's a timeout)

 16:37 <juliank> yes

 16:37 <sil2100> juliank: thank you

 16:37 <juliank> I'll go dig a bit

 16:37 <juliank> Let me create a card for it so I don't forget it

 16:37 <rbalint> sil2100, maybe focal armhf lxd on focal arm64 host is not similar enough to our armhf infra

 16:39 <doko> I set a block-proposed bug on the python-defaults transition anyway.  anything else that could break by this migration?

 16:40 <doko> and bzr in focal is now called breezy

 16:40 <juliank> that one was fun

 16:40 <doko> vorlon: what is needed for 3.8?

 16:41 <doko> 3.7 has the gyoto and freecad issues. that's where you stopped

 16:41 <vorlon> doko: not sure, python3.8 makes a number of packages uninstallable according to update_output

 16:42 <vorlon> is it entangled with libffi?

 16:42 <doko> yes

 16:42 <vorlon> it is

 16:42 <doko> get the gobject stuff sorted out

 16:42 <vorlon> so yeah, glib2.0 etc

 16:43 <juliank> Are we done?

 16:44 <vorlon> I think so :)

 16:44 <doko> so gyoto and freecad, anyone wants to look?

 16:44 <vorlon> ah, that's why I asked if you were driving python3.7

 16:44 <vorlon> I don't have capacity

 16:44 <doko> ohh, and gdal needs sorting

 16:47 <juliank> I might have a look at gyoto and freecard

 16:48 <doko> \o/

 16:48 <juliank> doko: what's gdal?

 16:48 <doko> transition

 16:48 <juliank> ah in universe

 16:48 <doko> transitions don't care about main/universe

 16:49 <juliank> yeah, but I did not find it on the list :)

 16:50 <juliank> I'll dig into that a bit too I guess

 16:50 <juliank> Anything else?

 16:51 <juliank> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)