== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team, 11 Jun at 15:01 &mdash; 15:59 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2020/ubuntu-meeting.2020-06-11-15.01.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning rounds ===
The discussion about "Lightning rounds" started at 15:01.


=== Release incoming bugs ===
The discussion about "Release incoming bugs" started at 15:06.

  * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-gg-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs 
  * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ff-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs 

=== Team proposed-migration report ===
The discussion about "Team proposed-migration report" started at 15:38.

  * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/groovy/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs 

=== AOB ===
The discussion about "AOB" started at 15:56.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * vorlon (64)
 * bdmurray (62)
 * ubottu (24)
 * rbalint (15)
 * juliank (11)
 * xnox (10)
 * doko (9)
 * waveform (9)
 * mclemenceau (5)
 * meetingology (3)



== Full Log ==


 15:01 <bdmurray> #startmeeting Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team

 15:01 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Jun 11 15:01:41 2020 UTC.  The chair is bdmurray. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 15:01 <meetingology> 

 15:01 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 15:01 * vorlon waves

 15:01 <bdmurray> #topic Lightning rounds

 15:02 <bdmurray> echo $(shuf -e vorlon bdmurray xnox tdaitx doko sil2100 rbalint infinity mwhudson juliank waveform slyon)

 15:02 <bdmurray> waveform vorlon bdmurray slyon sil2100 mwhudson tdaitx xnox doko infinity juliank rbalint

 15:02 <bdmurray> waveform: !

 15:02 <waveform> * Finished camera support packaging (LP: #1883111)

 15:02 <waveform> * Bumped firmware package (LP: #1883109)

 15:02 <waveform> * Redesigned pibootctl parser...

 15:02 <waveform> - handle 2nd-stage firmware selection in config.txt only

 15:02 <waveform> - remember filters applied to each setting

 15:02 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1883111 in Ubuntu "[needs-packaging] raspberrypi-userland" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1883111

 15:02 <waveform> * Working on new configuration writer for pibootctl which re-applies remembered filters

 15:02 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1883109 in linux-firmware-raspi2 (Ubuntu) "Merge firmware 20200601 from raspbian" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1883109

 15:02 <waveform> * Worked on uc20 boot design

 15:02 <waveform> * Clarified camera tasks

 15:02 <waveform> (done)

 15:02 <bdmurray> vorlon:

 15:03 <vorlon> * was out last week and on Tuesday

 15:03 <vorlon> * archive work: removal processing, including for unblocking +1 maintenance

 15:03 <vorlon> * email catchup

 15:03 <vorlon> * meetings, meetings

 15:03 <vorlon> * various merges

 15:03 <vorlon> (done)

 15:03 <bdmurray> updated retracer services to have a MemoryLimit set

 15:03 <bdmurray> tested / verified the fix in staging & production

 15:03 <bdmurray> review / merge of apport MP regarding ubuntu-bug $snapname

 15:03 <bdmurray> fixed some issues (pep8, build-deps) with the above

 15:03 <bdmurray> review of ubuntu-release-notes project bugs

 15:03 <bdmurray> wrote a fix for update-manager bug LP: #1878500

 15:03 <bdmurray> worked on fixing u-s-s bug LP: #1878694

 15:03 <bdmurray> reported systemd documentation bug LP: #1882596

 15:03 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1878500 in update-manager (Ubuntu) "ValueError: package does not exist when using ubuntu-bug update-manager" [Medium,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1878500

 15:03 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1878694 in update-manager (Ubuntu) "ubuntu-security-status checks esm-infra for ESM Apps" [Medium,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1878694

 15:03 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1882596 in systemd (Ubuntu) "systemd.unit(5) incorrectly refers to systemd.syntax(5)" [Low,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1882596

 15:04 <bdmurray> some work on ubuntu-security-status

 15:04 <bdmurray> SRU verification of LP: #1427600, LP: #1774843, LP: #1826213

 15:04 <bdmurray> SRU special reviews of netplan, cloudinit, alsa-ucm-conf

 15:04 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1427600 in apport (Ubuntu Xenial) "apport-unpack: ValueError: ['UserGroups'] has no binary content" [Low,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1427600

 15:04 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1774843 in Apport "apport python exception for python versions which python-apt is not built on" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1774843

 15:04 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1826213 in update-manager (Ubuntu Focal) "/usr/bin/update-manager:AttributeError:/usr/bin/update-manager@118:start_update:start_available:refresh_cache:update" [Undecided,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1826213

 15:04 <bdmurray> âœ” done

 15:04 <bdmurray> slyon is out

 15:04 <bdmurray> sil2100 is out

 15:04 <bdmurray> tdaitx is out

 15:04 <bdmurray> xnox: its you then

 15:04 <xnox> sent +1 maintenance report

 15:04 <xnox> progress on cd-boot-images split into arch;all images

 15:04 <xnox> progress on https uefi boot (meetings / edk2 upload)

 15:04 <xnox> progress on dropping d-i dependencies from debian-cd & ubiquity

 15:04 <xnox> working with doko on missing CET features

 15:04 <xnox> done

 15:05 <bdmurray> doko:

 15:05 <doko> - start working on CET issues

 15:05 <doko> - uploaded glibc with CET backport

 15:05 <doko> - looking at interaction of -flto and -fcf-protection (unfinished)

 15:05 <doko> (done)

 15:05 <bdmurray> juliank:

 15:05 <juliank> * off tomorrow, swapping for today's holiday

 15:05 <juliank> * grub (LP: #1878541, LP: #1878705, LP: #1882663)

 15:05 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1878541 in snapd "Grub fails to load kernel from squashfs if mem < 1500mb" [High,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1878541

 15:05 <juliank> (done)

 15:05 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1878705 in grub2 (Ubuntu) "Fix multiple initrds support in grub.conf" [Undecided,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1878705

 15:05 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1882663 in grub2 (Ubuntu Focal) "Specify flavour ordering" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1882663

 15:06 <bdmurray> rbalint:

 15:06 <rbalint> (short week)

 15:06 <rbalint> * merged systemd with a few extra fixes

 15:06 <rbalint> * answered LP: #1882596 :-)

 15:06 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1882596 in systemd (Ubuntu) "systemd.unit(5) incorrectly refers to systemd.syntax(5)" [Low,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1882596

 15:06 <rbalint> * merged gzip

 15:06 <rbalint> * partner work

 15:06 <rbalint> * LP: #1883082

 15:06 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1883082 in unattended-upgrades (Ubuntu) "Crash when using Package-Whitelist-Strict" [Undecided,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1883082

 15:06 <rbalint> (done)

 15:06 <bdmurray> #topic Release incoming bugs

 15:06 <bdmurray> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-gg-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 15:07 <bdmurray> I wanted to bring up bug 1883103

 15:07 <ubottu> bug 1883103 in Ubuntu CD Images "Switch to xorriso causes failure in ppc64 image generation" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1883103

 15:07 <bdmurray> xnox: are you working on this?

 15:07 <xnox> yes

 15:08 <bdmurray> so, I'll set it to in progress then

 15:08 <bdmurray> bug 1881632

 15:08 <ubottu> bug 1881632 in update-notifier (Ubuntu) "esm security updates not reported by apt update-notifier" [Undecided,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1881632

 15:08 <xnox> we did discuss it last time too, no?

 15:10 <bdmurray> I'm not sure if there is anything for us to do here.

 15:10 <bdmurray> bug 1879092

 15:10 <ubottu> bug 1879092 in glibc (Ubuntu Focal) "gfortran can't use vectorized functions." [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1879092

 15:10 <doko> that's fixed in groovy, and going to focal with the glibc CET update

 15:10 <juliank> eww

 15:11 <vorlon> there's a glibc CET update happening?

 15:11 <bdmurray> So can somebody close the groovy task

 15:11 <vorlon> (bug #?)

 15:11 <rbalint> doko, let's collect the sru fixes for glibc

 15:11 <bdmurray> I think he said that in his status

 15:11 <doko> bdmurray: no, it's done by migration

 15:12 <bdmurray> doko: oh so its fix committed then and not fix relesed

 15:12 <vorlon> ok

 15:12 <vorlon> (but no bug number :)

 15:12 <bdmurray> should we card the focal work if there are multiple things to SRU?

 15:13 <doko> bdmurray: it's in -proposed. if you want a status change for that, it should be tooled ;p

 15:13 <rbalint> bdmurray, absolutely

 15:13 <bdmurray> bug 1831789

 15:13 <ubottu> bug 1831789 in grub2 (Ubuntu) "Add "dis_ucode_ldr" to linux boot options for Recovery Mode" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1831789

 15:17 <bdmurray> let's go ahead and card that

 15:17 <bdmurray> dbus is not ours

 15:17 <mclemenceau> got it

 15:17 <bdmurray> bug 1883040

 15:17 <ubottu> bug 1883040 in syslinux (Ubuntu) "groovy daily won't boot anymore on some older BIOS boxes" [High,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1883040

 15:19 <bdmurray> So let's target and card that

 15:20 <rbalint> +1

 15:21 <bdmurray> moving on to rls ff

 15:21 <bdmurray> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ff-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 15:21 <bdmurray> bug 1865515

 15:21 <ubottu> bug 1865515 in shim-signed (Ubuntu) "Chainbooting from grub over the network to local shim breaks chain of trust" [Undecided,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1865515

 15:23 <bdmurray> vorlon: have you looked at this?

 15:23 <vorlon> bdmurray: somewhat

 15:25 <bdmurray> Is there anything for Foundations here?

 15:25 <vorlon> but I think I was passing the buck to other people

 15:25 <vorlon> we do need to keep on top of this until it's resolved

 15:25 <vorlon> and there's probably a bug in shim/grub

 15:25 <vorlon> but also I think MAAS is still chainloading the wrong thing

 15:26 <bdmurray> Okay, let's target and card this

 15:27 <mclemenceau> ok

 15:28 <bdmurray> bug 1879305 needs carding

 15:28 <ubottu> bug 1879305 in subiquity (Ubuntu) "[UBUNTU 20.04] Subiquity installer cannot find dasd device" [Undecided,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1879305

 15:29 <bdmurray> bug 1867675

 15:29 <ubottu> bug 1867675 in glibc (Ubuntu) "Install failure for libc6 2.31-0ubuntu6 on armhf" [Undecided,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1867675

 15:29 <mclemenceau> carded for subiquity

 15:29 <bdmurray> thanks

 15:32 <bdmurray> bug 1867424

 15:32 <ubottu> bug 1867424 in base-files (Ubuntu) "motd-news transmitting private hardware data without consent or knowledge in background" [Undecided,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1867424

 15:36 <bdmurray> we'll let vorlon handle this

 15:38 <bdmurray> Okay, I think that's all we have time for this week

 15:38 <bdmurray> #topic Team proposed-migration report

 15:38 <vorlon> [LINK] https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/groovy/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs

 15:39 <vorlon> some stuff hanging here for quite a while

 15:39 <vorlon> golang-defaults, was anyone on this?

 15:39 <bdmurray> you were on the 28th

 15:39 <vorlon> hah

 15:39 <bdmurray> "probably a false-positive on autopkgtests since this is a minor package change only; I'll investigate"

 15:40 <vorlon> yeah a simple retry didn't fix it

 15:40 <vorlon> so I'm going to have to punt on this and let someone else take it

 15:40 <vorlon> maybe mwhudson

 15:41 <vorlon> util-linux is still a riscv64 build failure

 15:41 <vorlon> bdmurray: you have this one still?

 15:41 <bdmurray> I'm back on +1 so sure

 15:41 <vorlon> hmph

 15:42 <vorlon> +1 maint is not for your own team's stuff :

 15:42 <vorlon> :)

 15:42 <vorlon> python-secretstorage is an MIR, known, skipping

 15:42 <vorlon> vim is another riscv64 failure and is mine

 15:42 <vorlon> fonts-dejavu needs revdeps to stop using the transitional package

 15:43 <vorlon> that was xnox's, he gets to keep it

 15:43 <xnox> vorlon:  still not done? i thought there is _everything_ for it in the sponsorship queue

 15:43 <vorlon> * s390x: blobandconquer, mytharchive, mythbrowser, mythexport, mythgame, mythimport, mythmusic, mythnews, mythtv-backend, mythtv-common, mythtv-dbg, mythtv-frontend, mythtv-transcode-utils, mythweather, mythzoneminder

 15:43 <vorlon> xnox: ^^ those are the uninstallabilities with new fonts-dejavu

 15:44 <vorlon> xnox: you had taken bzip2 last time, you ok to keep working on that?

 15:44 <rbalint> lambda-align2 needs bin package removals LP: #1882832

 15:44 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1882832 in lambda-align2 (Ubuntu) "Please remove !amd64 binaries of 2.0.0-2build1 from groovy" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1882832

 15:44 <xnox> yes

 15:45 <vorlon> no one appears to have been assigned to gzip yet but rbalint mentions having merged it

 15:45 <vorlon> rbalint: will you follow through?

 15:45 <rbalint> it is mine, on it

 15:46 <rbalint> needs the removal ^^

 15:46 * vorlon nods

 15:46 <vorlon> numpy, waiting on some new tests from a few revdeps; should migrate soon \o/

 15:46 <mclemenceau> yay!

 15:47 <vorlon> autopkgtest has LP: #1881504 open as an excuses bug but that is entirely unrelated to the autopkgtest package

 15:47 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1881504 in gzip (Ubuntu) "cross-testing essential packages fails" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1881504

 15:47 <rbalint> vorlon, it is related to gzip

 15:47 <vorlon> rbalint: yeah and it's wontfix, I'm already hinting the gzip failure :)

 15:48 <rbalint> vorlon, :-\, but ok

 15:48 <vorlon> I'll look at gscan2pdf/arm64, it's a flaky test at best

 15:48 <vorlon> so that's me for autopkgtest

 15:48 <vorlon> man-db + ubuntu-image/s390x

 15:48 <vorlon> who can take?

 15:48 <vorlon> juliank: ?

 15:49 <juliank> I'm still doing the dpkg + make-dfsg stuff and also need to sort out apt

 15:49 <vorlon> ok

 15:49 <vorlon> tdaitx: ?

 15:49 <vorlon> ah tdaitx isn't here today

 15:49 <vorlon> mclemenceau: you can have it

 15:49 <mclemenceau> will do!

 15:50 <vorlon> then there's some perl stuff just waiting to migrate

 15:50 <vorlon> apt, juliank you say you're on this?

 15:50 <juliank> yep

 15:51 <vorlon> libarchive vs genext2fs/s390x

 15:51 <vorlon> doko: can you take this one?

 15:52 <doko> vorlon: if that takes priority over the CET issues, ok

 15:52 <vorlon> doko: I don't believe we have a due date for CET

 15:52 <vorlon> but proposed-migration is supposed to be zeroed weekly ;)

 15:53 <doko> ok

 15:53 <vorlon> patchutils vs devscripts, probably trivial, I'll take

 15:54 <vorlon> dpkg is juliank

 15:54 <juliank> note that this also has a failing devscripts, so we might overlap

 15:55 <vorlon> python-attrs vs python-canmatrix/s390x, I'll look

 15:55 <vorlon> and juliank also said he's got make-dfsg

 15:55 <juliank> yup

 15:55 <vorlon> and then we get into things waiting for autopkgtests

 15:55 <vorlon> so let's stop there

 15:55 <juliank> python3.8 and sqlite3 don't wait

 15:55 <juliank> um

 15:55 <juliank> systemd not sqlite3

 15:56 <vorlon> regardless

 15:56 <bdmurray> #topic AOB

 15:56 <bdmurray> It looks like some people will be out tomorrow

 15:58 <bdmurray> anything else?

 15:59 <vorlon> not from me

 15:59 <bdmurray> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)