== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team, 07 May at 15:02 &mdash; 16:05 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2020/ubuntu-meeting.2020-05-07-15.02.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning rounds ===
The discussion about "Lightning rounds" started at 15:02.

  * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/lightdm/+bug/1866959 

=== Release incoming bugs ===
The discussion about "Release incoming bugs" started at 15:14.

  * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ff-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs 

=== Team proposed-migration report ===
The discussion about "Team proposed-migration report" started at 15:52.

  * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/groovy/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs 

=== AOB ===
The discussion about "AOB" started at 16:03.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * bdmurray (81)
 * vorlon (63)
 * xnox (38)
 * slyon (33)
 * ubottu (33)
 * juliank (24)
 * sil2100 (21)
 * rbalint (20)
 * waveform (17)
 * doko (12)
 * rs2009 (11)
 * tdaitx (11)
 * meetingology (3)
 * mclemenceau (2)



== Full Log ==


 15:02 <bdmurray> #startmeeting Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team

 15:02 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu May  7 15:02:06 2020 UTC.  The chair is bdmurray. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 15:02 <meetingology> 

 15:02 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 15:02 <bdmurray> #topic Lightning rounds

 15:02 <bdmurray> echo $(shuf -e vorlon bdmurray xnox tdaitx doko sil2100 rbalint infinity mwhudson juliank waveform slyon)

 15:03 <bdmurray> juliank sil2100 tdaitx mwhudson doko vorlon xnox waveform bdmurray slyon rbalint infinity

 15:03 <bdmurray> juliank: !

 15:03 <juliank> (mostly reconstructed from archive@ubuntu.com emails...)

 15:03 <juliank> apr 30:

 15:03 <juliank> * fix apport to test depend on python3-twisted instead of python-twisted-core

 15:03 <juliank> * add groovy to python-apt templates

 15:03 <juliank> * merge keyutils

 15:03 <juliank> * sync ncurses (we dropped our delta in focal [multlib, etc] in focal, was that on purpose?)

 15:03 <juliank> * merge xfsprogs

 15:03 <juliank> * python-apt 2.1.3

 15:03 <juliank> * fixed cargo not to install .crates2.json and rebuild affected packages (#1868517)

 15:03 <juliank> may 07:

 15:03 <juliank> * rebuild more rust packages to get rid of .crates2.json in /usr/lib/cargo as opposed to /usr

 15:03 <juliank> * apt 2.1.0 and 2.0.3

 15:03 <juliank> * reviewed new maas deb (more changes to snap transition)

 15:03 <juliank> * raised concerns on https://salsa.debian.org/apt-team/python-apt/-/merge_requests/43

 15:03 <juliank> (done, nothing before apr 30 I remember right now)

 15:04 <rs2009> xnox: I'm not sure if you have seen me before, but many do know me, including popey and tsimonq2 :)

 15:04 <juliank> sil2100:

 15:04 <sil2100> Skip, not ready yet

 15:04 <tdaitx> Short week: halfday on Thu, holiday on Friday

 15:04 <tdaitx> * LP: #1798369 focal now fails with apt-clone error

 15:04 <tdaitx> * combing jck failures

 15:04 <tdaitx> - jck does not start configure services

 15:04 <tdaitx> - doing it manually before the run

 15:04 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1798369 in ubiquity (Ubuntu Eoan) "Reinstall Ubuntu (with preserving existing data) shows error message due to "Could not get lock /target/var/cache/apt/archives/lock"" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1798369

 15:04 <tdaitx> * reproduced LP: #1838740 in bionic, eoan, and focal

 15:04 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1838740 in openjdk-lts (Ubuntu Focal) "libjawt.so inconsistency lets JVM crash" [Undecided,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1838740

 15:04 <tdaitx> - works fine in an eoan chroot (focal host)

 15:04 <tdaitx> (done)

 15:05 <rs2009> are we holding the community council?

 15:05 <bdmurray> doko:

 15:05 <xnox> rs2009:  no we are not =) this is Ubuntu Foundations meeting

 15:05 <rs2009> referring to the one at 5pm

 15:06 <rs2009> xnox: Have got that one in my calender at 5PM :)

 15:06 <xnox> rs2009:  it's at the afternoon tea o'clock UK time meeting, and was at this timeslot since forever. I don't know what happens here at 5pm =) sorry. It might be CC, i don't know really.

 15:06 <doko> - archive opening tasks

 15:06 <doko> - accepted binary new packages, built for all archs, are entirely new packages

 15:06 <doko> - GCC updates, enabling -mtune=z15

 15:06 <doko> - Backport fix for GCC ICE with -mtune=z15

 15:06 <doko> - Python 3.8.3 rc1

 15:06 <doko> - packaged cvise and pebble

 15:06 <doko> - GCC 10.1.0 release

 15:06 <doko> - some talks about organizing +1 maintenance

 15:06 <doko> - taking two sick leave days this week.

 15:06 <doko> (done)

 15:06 <bdmurray> vorlon:

 15:06 <xnox> doko:  oooh, backport GCC ICE => how far back? will it land in focal too?

 15:07 <vorlon> * nvidia focal release post-mortem and plan to prevent future skew

 15:07 <vorlon> * UEFI signing key rotation

 15:07 <vorlon> * hitting packages in -proposed with sticks

 15:07 <vorlon> * i386 rebootstrapping of inkscape in groovy

 15:07 <vorlon> (done)

 15:07 <bdmurray> xnox:

 15:07 * xnox ponders why we need inkscape on i386 => plugins?

 15:07 <xnox> 7th May:

 15:07 <xnox> working on interactive netboot

 15:07 <xnox> UC20 beta launch planning updates to initrd/core/pc-gadget

 15:07 <xnox> release-upgrader change landed, horay

 15:07 <xnox> product sprint last week

 15:07 <xnox> off tomorrow, 75 years anniversary of VE day

 15:07 <xnox> done

 15:07 <doko> xnox: yes, get gcc-10 and gcc-9 stabilized, make a test rebuild for main, and backport

 15:08 <bdmurray> waveform:

 15:08 <xnox> doko:  awesome! you are the best.

 15:08 <sil2100> I'm ready if anything

 15:08 <waveform> * Released Focal (now seems like ages ago!) ... with working USB ports! \o/

 15:08 <waveform> * Experimented with camera integration in Classic (while playing around with a beta of the new Pi HQ camera)

 15:08 <waveform> * Investigated LP: #1861128 again as apparently my work-around isn't working around the delay (came up on the forums)

 15:08 <waveform> * Investigated https://github.com/snapcore/pi-gadget/issues/47 while working on bumping u-boot revision (partially PRE_ENV, partially pointless heading outputs), but ran into git-ubuntu issues

 15:08 <waveform> * Working on merge of u-boot (LP: #1877122), but I broke git-ubuntu :(

 15:08 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1861128 in cloud-init (Ubuntu) "getty.target starts before cloud-config is done" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1861128

 15:08 <waveform> * Investigated LP: #1870346 - cloud-init team now think it's netplan related

 15:08 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1877122 in u-boot (Ubuntu) "Merge u-boot 2020.04 from Debian unstable" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1877122

 15:08 <waveform> * ... but not fixed by LP: #1870410; attempting to build image with "full" fix for LP: #1874377 to see if that fixes it ...

 15:08 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1870346 in cloud-init (Ubuntu) "Wifi configuration" [Medium,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1870346

 15:08 <waveform> * ... it didn't

 15:08 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1870410 in systemd (Ubuntu Focal) "wireless does not work on boot on RPi 3s" [Critical,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1870410

 15:08 <waveform> * ... continuing investigation this week with slyon (and finally getting somewhere :)

 15:08 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1874377 in netplan.io (Ubuntu Focal) "Netplan does not connect to Wireless after `sudo netplan apply` until reboot" [High,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1874377

 15:08 <waveform> * Tested uc20 armhf beta images

 15:08 <waveform> * Helped debugging of new pi-bluetooth snap

 15:08 <waveform> * Proposed merge of flash-kernel 3.100 (LP: #1876922)

 15:08 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1876922 in flash-kernel (Ubuntu) "Merge flash-kernel 3.100 from Debian unstable" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1876922

 15:08 <waveform> * Comparing our kernel config to Raspbian's to see what else we're missing (Juerg has already noted V3D DRM is lacking)

 15:08 <waveform> * Replied to a bunch of forum posts, wrote another post about pibootctl (and future config plans)

 15:08 <waveform> (done)

 15:09 <bdmurray> this is since our last meeting

 15:09 <bdmurray> updated daisy and errors code for 20.04 LTS release and groovy

 15:09 <bdmurray> uploaded update-manager w/o ubuntu-support-status

 15:09 <bdmurray> uploaded update-manager w/ ubuntu-security-status

 15:09 <bdmurray> sponsored fix for LP: #1873670

 15:09 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1873670 in python-mapnik (Ubuntu) "python3-mapnik not working due to stale icu65: refernces " [High,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1873670

 15:09 <rs2009> I have built Ubuntu Unity Remix 20.04. This remix is for the people who believe that the old Unity7 DE should still be used. There are many people who use Xenial only because it has Unity7. Iâ€™ve created this distribution to solve that problem. This will encourage people to upgrade to Focal.

 15:09 <bdmurray> tested Raspberry Pi images

 15:09 <bdmurray> testing systemd-timesyncd / chrony issue

 15:09 <bdmurray> review of xnox's u-r-u changes for chrony

 15:09 <bdmurray> sent Focal Final Freeze announcement email

 15:09 <rs2009> - issues in LightDM

 15:09 <juliank> rs2009: please stop crashing this meeting, talk elsewhere

 15:09 <bdmurray> 20.04 LTS release work

 15:09 <bdmurray> reported gnome-initial-setup bug LP: #1874148

 15:09 <bdmurray> sponsored SRU fixing LP: #1874469

 15:09 <bdmurray> SRU review of debootstrap

 15:09 <bdmurray> updated bugbot for python3 / commented on old SRU bugs

 15:09 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1797565 in gnome-initial-setup (Ubuntu) "duplicate for #1874148 Can't exit via global menu "Quit" option" [Low,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1797565

 15:09 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1874469 in update-manager (Ubuntu Focal) "[SRU] update-manger intermittently hangs during snap updates" [High,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1874469

 15:10 <bdmurray> setup rls-gg reports

 15:10 <bdmurray> reviewed RPi download stats / updated graph

 15:10 <bdmurray> submitted RT #125672 re offical mirrors w/o Focal

 15:10 <bdmurray> uploaded, verified u-r-u fixing LP: #1796940 for 16.04

 15:10 <bdmurray> uploaded, verified u-r-u fixing LP: #1872902 for 18.04, 19.10

 15:10 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1796940 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu Xenial) "ubuntu-release-upgrader-core missing a dependency" [High,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1796940

 15:10 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1872902 in germinate (Ubuntu Focal) "Upgrade to Focal now removes chrony" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1872902

 15:10 <bdmurray> uploaded apport fixing LP: #1876952, LP: #1876945, LP: #1872059

 15:10 <bdmurray> uploaded a 20.04 LTS SRU which fix the above bugs

 15:10 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1876952 in apport (Ubuntu Focal) "missing a package hook for linux-raspi and linux-raspi2" [Medium,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1876952

 15:10 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1876945 in apport (Ubuntu Focal) "collect '/.disk/info' from RPi preinstalled systems" [Medium,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1876945

 15:10 <bdmurray> âœ” done

 15:10 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1872059 in apport (Ubuntu Focal) "missing hardware/runtime info when reporing linux-firmware bugs via apport" [Undecided,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1872059

 15:10 <bdmurray> slyon:

 15:10 <slyon> weeks before:

 15:10 <slyon> - review & merge netplan PR for documentation fixes

 15:10 <slyon> - working on netplan's NetworkManager read/write plugin

 15:10 <slyon> * Wake-On-WLan

 15:10 <slyon> * Wake-On-Lan

 15:10 <slyon> * WiFi band/channel/bssid

 15:10 <slyon> * Handling of unkonwn interface names

 15:10 <slyon> * IP4/6 routes

 15:10 <slyon> * IP4/6 routing-policy

 15:10 <slyon> * Basic bond settings

 15:10 <slyon> * Basic VLan settings

 15:10 <slyon> - ISO testing of pre-release focal builds

 15:10 <slyon> - investigated bug #1874377

 15:10 <ubottu> bug 1874377 in netplan.io (Ubuntu Focal) "Netplan does not connect to Wireless after `sudo netplan apply` until reboot" [High,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1874377

 15:10 <slyon> * worked on a fix for this problem, available via:

 15:11 <slyon> https://github.com/CanonicalLtd/netplan/pull/133

 15:11 <slyon> this week:

 15:11 <slyon> - Preparing netplan.io 0.99-0ubuntu3 SRU for bionic, eoan and focal

 15:11 <slyon> - SRU test verification for bug #1874377 (eoan & focal on RPi3)

 15:11 <slyon> - SRU test verification for bug #1871825 (bionic, eoan & focal)

 15:11 <slyon> * Awaiting approval by SRU team

 15:11 <ubottu> bug 1871825 in netplan "[FFe] Update to netplan.io 0.99" [Critical,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1871825

 15:11 <slyon> - Preparing NetworkManager snap patch (netplan-plugin) for initial testing

 15:11 <slyon> * Building NetworkManager 1.22 snap with netplan-readwrite-plugin

 15:11 <slyon> - Drafting a netplan try-commit feature improvement

 15:11 <slyon> * Can be used for programatic 'netplan try' calls, e.g. by snapd

 15:11 <slyon> - Debugging of cloud-init/wifi for bug #1870346

 15:11 <ubottu> bug 1870346 in cloud-init (Ubuntu) "Wifi configuration" [Medium,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1870346

 15:11 <slyon> (done)

 15:11 <rs2009> LightDM's login prompt hides the text field for password in Ubuntu sometimes.

 15:11 <rbalint> * partner work

 15:11 <rbalint> * uploads via Debian: wireshark 3.2.3

 15:11 <rbalint> * release week

 15:11 <rbalint> * systemd: multiple uploads, cooking the next for groovy

 15:11 <rbalint> * merges: munin

 15:11 <rbalint> * syncs: postgresql-pgmp

 15:11 <rbalint> * uploads via Debian: cpluff

 15:11 <rbalint> (done)

 15:12 <vorlon> rs2009: we're in the middle of a meeting here; this is not the right place for this conversation

 15:12 <vorlon> rs2009: you may want to try #ubuntu-devel

 15:12 <bdmurray> any questions on the lightning round?

 15:13 <sil2100> rs2009: you can stay of course if you have things to bring up with the Ubuntu Foundations team specifically, but that would be in the AOB section

 15:13 <sil2100> bdmurray: me!

 15:13 <sil2100> - Was off on Friday

 15:13 <sil2100> - SRU reviews and releases

 15:13 <sil2100> - Package sponsoring for various teams and people

 15:13 <sil2100> - netplan:

 15:13 <sil2100> * Sponsoring 0.99 SRU backports for Lukas

 15:13 <sil2100> * Working on the backlog

 15:13 <sil2100> * Review of the OpenVSwitch spec, started planning work

 15:13 <sil2100> * Started review of the NM read-write plugin

 15:13 <sil2100> - Working on some image building things

 15:13 <sil2100> * Lots of related discussions

 15:13 <sil2100> * More work coming

 15:13 <sil2100> - Work on langpack-o-matic, enabling weekly PPA builds, preparing for Ukrainian refresh

 15:13 <sil2100> - Fixed 'current' promotion of uc20 images (i.e. disabling it)

 15:13 <sil2100> - Helping out a bit with UC20

 15:13 <sil2100> (done)

 15:14 <bdmurray> okay, did we miss anybody?

 15:14 <bdmurray> moving on then

 15:14 <rs2009> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/lightdm/+bug/1866959

 15:14 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1866959 in lightdm (Ubuntu) "Password - No Place" [Undecided,New]

 15:14 <bdmurray> #topic Release incoming bugs

 15:15 <xnox> rs2009:  that is not appropriate for Ubuntu Foundations, we do not work on any remixes, flavours, or desktops at all. We only deal with things that all flavours share as a base.

 15:15 <bdmurray> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ff-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 15:15 <vorlon> ff, not gg?

 15:16 <xnox> both?

 15:16 <bdmurray> We could look at gg but I didn't see much there / thought we should focus on ff this week

 15:16 <vorlon> ok

 15:16 <rs2009> xnox: hmm, basing on lightdm in the ubuntu source, I thought it would count in here?

 15:17 <bdmurray> bug 1874272

 15:17 <ubottu> bug 1874272 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu) "Stage "searching for obsolete software" takes a very long time (30 minutes)" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1874272

 15:17 <bdmurray> unfortunately this doesn't seem specific to jibel

 15:17 <xnox> rs2009:  it never did. lightdm used to be #ubuntu-desktop thing. There is no lighdm on Ubuntu Server nor on Ubuntu Core. Thus is out of scope for Foundations. We work on bootloaders and toolchains.

 15:18 <rs2009> ah, ok

 15:18 <bdmurray> So this seems worth taking / carding

 15:18 <bdmurray> juliank: Do you have any idea what that might be about?

 15:18 <rs2009> fine in AOB?

 15:18 <juliank> Not yet

 15:18 <juliank> rs2009: no

 15:19 <bdmurray> bug 1875107

 15:19 <ubottu> bug 1875107 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu) "unable to upgrade with lubuntu-desktop and ubuntu-desktop installed" [Medium,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1875107

 15:19 <vorlon> rs2009: it's not for Foundations, and this is a Foundations meeting; please try #ubuntu-devel

 15:19 <bdmurray> vorlon did you at one point in time say upgrading with mutliple metapackages isn't supported?

 15:19 <vorlon> bdmurray: I can't recall saying that

 15:20 <vorlon> it might imply some undefined behavior though wrt snap transitions

 15:20 <vorlon> maybe that was the context of the conversation?

 15:20 <bdmurray> I think it would have been pre-snap but regardless this seems easily fixable.

 15:20 <juliank> I don't think anybody is testing multi meta stuff, though?

 15:21 <juliank> but fixing it best-effort seems fine?

 15:21 <bdmurray> juliank: lots of users are!

 15:21 <xnox> rs2009: please join /j #ubuntu-devel and we can talk there. please stop posting here.

 15:21 <bdmurray> bug 1874091 - xnox can you elaborate a bit on this ubg?

 15:21 <ubottu> bug 1874091 in ubuntu-drivers-common (Ubuntu) "ubuntu-release-upgrader should use ubuntu-drivers and migrate people from nvidia-dkms to l-r-m" [Undecided,Incomplete] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1874091

 15:23 <xnox> bdmurray:  yes, we used to install nvidia badly

 15:23 <xnox> bdmurray:  and where possible we should "remove nvidia-dkms & install linux-modules-nvidia" instead.

 15:23 <juliank> +1

 15:23 <bdmurray> xnox: what upgrade path is this for? B to F? E to F?

 15:23 <xnox> bdmurray:  i don't know if we already do that in release-upgrader or not, i.e. "rerun ubuntu-drivers and make it do things to correct stuff"

 15:23 <vorlon> bdmurray: I'm having a hard time following this meeting via http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ff-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs, I see a lot of high bugs there that we haven't discussed, and I also see bugs listed there which are closed in LP (LP: #1870071).  is this error on my end?

 15:23 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1870071 in pyhamcrest (Ubuntu) "pyhamcrest ftbfs (dep-wait on removed python-pytest-cov)" [High,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1870071

 15:23 <xnox> bdmurray:  any to F

 15:24 <bdmurray> vorlon: I just closed 1870071 before the meeting

 15:24 <vorlon> ah ok

 15:24 <xnox> vorlon:  that one was closed 33 minutes ago.... i guess the report is not that quick

 15:25 <bdmurray> xnox: and what about seb's question re ubuntu-drivers-common?

 15:25 <bdmurray> vorlon: I'm using a special brian sort method

 15:26 <xnox> bdmurray:  because we calculate the upgrade, we can't just run "ubuntu-drivers install". I think that needs a no-op option, or like make `ubuntu-drivers list` support `--package-list` option

 15:26 <vorlon> bdmurray: please add a button for this sort order to the js ;-)

 15:26 <xnox> bdmurray:  such that we can then add those packages to our calculation first

 15:26 <xnox> bdmurray:  and like have an option to ubuntu-drivers to remove things too.

 15:26 <xnox> bdmurray:  i guess i should type all of that in that bug

 15:26 <bdmurray> xnox: Could you add that to the bug?

 15:26 <bdmurray> yes please

 15:26 <xnox> ok

 15:27 <bdmurray> bug 1876151

 15:27 <ubottu> bug 1876151 in installation-guide (Ubuntu) "Ubuntu Documentation says 20.04 can be installed on i386" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1876151

 15:27 <bdmurray> is the installation-guide really ours?

 15:28 <vorlon> it should maybe be server nowadays

 15:28 <vorlon> but if the package says it's ours we should probably drive it in the meantime

 15:28 <bdmurray> Is updating it / checking that it has been updated be part of a release checklist?

 15:29 <vorlon> no

 15:29 <vorlon> it's also pretty d-i-specific

 15:29 <vorlon> IIRC

 15:30 <bdmurray> okay, so we should target and card that one?

 15:30 <vorlon> yeah

 15:30 <vorlon> interestingly, installation-guide also just came up on #ubuntu-release

 15:30 <bdmurray> bug 1871641

 15:30 <ubottu> bug 1871641 in plymouth (Ubuntu) "Ubuntu never finishes booting: A start job is running for Hold until boot process finishes up (3min 7s / no limit) -- removing 'splash' kernel parm fixes it" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1871641

 15:30 <vorlon> so I will also try to figure out who owns the fact that it's being published on help.ubuntuc.om

 15:31 <xnox> vorlon:  the publication on help.ubuntu.com used to be driven by documentation person with like mpt years ago, and then later got updated by some community person i think.

 15:31 <xnox> (timeframe 'within last 6 years')

 15:31 <vorlon> bdmurray: Desktop Team has been driving a lot of the plymouth work this cycle, can we ask them to prioritize this one?

 15:31 <xnox> vorlon:  and maybe frank helped to improve s390x portions of that

 15:32 <vorlon> well I've uploaded the installation-guide in the not-too-distant past, but I don't want to do it again

 15:32 <bdmurray> vorlon: should they also be subscribed to the package then?

 15:32 <vorlon> bdmurray: plymouth?  yeah at this point

 15:33 <bdmurray> okay, I'll follow up with them

 15:33 <xnox> "The bug occurs when an external monitor is plugged in."

 15:33 <xnox> ouch

 15:33 <bdmurray> bug 1875918

 15:33 <ubottu> bug 1875918 in openjdk-lts (Ubuntu) "openjdk crash: jdk11+eclipse+jformdesigner" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1875918

 15:34 <tdaitx> I was looking at it now, will see if I can reproduce it

 15:34 <bdmurray> tdaitx: okay, if you can let us know so we can decide about carding it

 15:35 <bdmurray> vorlon: are there some other bugs you wanted to look at?

 15:35 <tdaitx> ok

 15:36 <vorlon> bdmurray: I see bugs marked 'high' on systemd and netplan, shouldn't we be taking decisions on these?

 15:36 <vorlon> LP: #1861941, LP: #1838329, LP: #1876884

 15:36 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1861941 in linux (Ubuntu) "bcache by-uuid links disappear after mounting bcache0" [Undecided,Incomplete] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1861941

 15:37 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1838329 in systemd (Ubuntu) "Cryptswap periodically fails to mount at boot due to missing a udev notification" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1838329

 15:37 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1876884 in netplan.io (Ubuntu) "netplan using incorrect renderer" [High,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1876884

 15:37 <rbalint> i got this assigned by xnox, but did not have a card yet

 15:38 <xnox> hm

 15:38 <bdmurray> is it clear that the work is in systemd?

 15:38 <rbalint> bdmurray, looks like in udeb

 15:38 <rbalint> udev

 15:38 <xnox> ah, that gem, yes

 15:39 <xnox> rbalint:  we suspect that there is fuzzy matching done on /by-uuid/ symlinks

 15:39 <rbalint> i haved got to fully triaging it yet

 15:39 <bdmurray> ðŸ’Ž

 15:39 <xnox> rbalint:  and that /bcache/by-uuid/ symlinks are purged, when purging /disk/by-uuid/ symlinks due to udev retriggering device.

 15:39 <bdmurray> okay, so let's target and card that

 15:40 <bdmurray> should the card jump the queue though if you are looking at it?

 15:40 <rbalint> bdmurray, i'm not sure about the prio

 15:40 <mclemenceau> rbalint want me to card it?

 15:40 <rbalint> mclemenceau, please

 15:41 <bdmurray> so then the cryptswap one

 15:42 <bdmurray> It looks like there is fix that we could include as a distro patch

 15:42 <vorlon> ddstreet is working on it and thinks it should be fixed in a different package than the patch

 15:42 <rbalint> +1

 15:43 <vorlon> ah, no, that is in systemd still

 15:43 <rbalint> +1 for carding :-)

 15:43 <vorlon> seems appropriate to target, but let him work through it?

 15:44 <rbalint> ok

 15:44 <bdmurray> maybe somebody could ping the reporter while we have the bug open

 15:44 <bdmurray> then the netplan one

 15:45 <slyon> still trying to grasp whats going on there... seems like a really basic setup

 15:45 <rbalint> bdmurray, LP: #1874494 ?

 15:45 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1874494 in netplan.io (Ubuntu) "netplan apply does not remove systemd service for wlan0 after config removed" [Undecided,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1874494

 15:45 <bdmurray> rbalint: bug 1876884 is the one steve mentioned

 15:45 <ubottu> bug 1876884 in netplan.io (Ubuntu) "netplan using incorrect renderer" [High,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1876884

 15:47 <vorlon> seems straightforward that we should take it and card it

 15:48 <bdmurray> okay

 15:48 <slyon> +1

 15:48 <vorlon> (doing)

 15:48 <bdmurray> we'd talked about fixing bug 1874494

 15:48 <ubottu> bug 1874494 in netplan.io (Ubuntu) "netplan apply does not remove systemd service for wlan0 after config removed" [Undecided,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1874494

 15:49 <bdmurray> correct slyon?

 15:50 <vorlon> if milestone is set, seems like there's already a decision and we should follow through?

 15:50 <bdmurray> yeah

 15:50 <slyon> yes, I think we should card this.

 15:50 <mclemenceau> got it

 15:50 <slyon> To investigate further

 15:50 <xnox> slyon:  "incorrect renderer" => it feels like initramfs is used to setup netwokring on boot.

 15:51 <xnox> slyon:  i.e. ip=dhcp, which on ubuntu generate netplan.

 15:52 <vorlon> is that everything for bugs?

 15:52 <vorlon> because devel-proposed also needs a bit of love :)

 15:52 <bdmurray> #topic Team proposed-migration report

 15:52 <slyon> xnox, thanks I'll check that

 15:52 <vorlon> [LINK] https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/groovy/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs

 15:53 <vorlon> 40 packages needing attention, 7 packages not yet considered late

 15:54 <vorlon> pkg-config seems to have some related cross-arch regressions, so needs investigating

 15:54 <rbalint> i can take that

 15:54 <vorlon> rbalint: would you like.. ok :)

 15:54 <vorlon> apt-clone blocking python-apt

 15:54 <vorlon> juliank: ^^ ?

 15:55 <juliank> not sure

 15:55 <juliank> will investigate

 15:55 <vorlon> not sure if you can take it?

 15:55 <vorlon> ok

 15:55 <vorlon> libclone-perl is i386 bootstrapping, I'll get on it

 15:55 <vorlon> libmoo-perl is autopkgtest waiting; libmoox-struct-perl looks like an MIR issue

 15:56 <vorlon> doko: ^^ do you want to fast-track the perl promotion?

 15:57 <vorlon> dbus-python blocked by armhf autopkgtest regressions, will retry

 15:57 <vorlon> dnspython is a "candidate" but not going, so someone should look

 15:57 <vorlon> bdmurray: ^^ ?

 15:57 <bdmurray> okay

 15:58 <vorlon> lxml is a candidate but not migrating, needs investigating. xnox?

 15:58 <xnox> ok

 15:58 <vorlon> python-packaging, I think I just unblocked via NBS removals; I'll take this one to follow through on if necessary

 15:59 <vorlon> re2 is part of a transition, so related packages need sorted so it can migrate. tdaitx ?

 15:59 <vorlon> python-webencodings, I don't know what's holding that up.  waveform ?

 16:00 <waveform> vorlon, no idea - but I can take a look?

 16:00 <vorlon> waveform: thanks

 16:00 <vorlon> erlang has autopkgtest regressions - sil2100?

 16:00 <sil2100> vorlon: on it!

 16:00 <tdaitx> vorlon: ok, I will take it

 16:00 <waveform> the ubuntu-image one looks like it's the sfdisk missing thing (is that fixed?)

 16:01 <vorlon> vim, build failures, I'll take a look

 16:01 <vorlon> python-httplib2, candidate but not migrating - slyon can you look into this? (ask sil2100 or myself if you need help orienting)

 16:01 <slyon> vorlon, sure!

 16:02 <vorlon> we're at time; did I miss giving anyone a package to look at?

 16:02 <sil2100> I think slyon knows his way around autopkgtests now! But in case you need sponsoring anything (or retries or such), just give me a sign

 16:02 <slyon> will do!

 16:02 <vorlon> (I'm not going to go through the whole list this week, a lot of these are going to shake out before next week anyway)

 16:02 <rbalint> i take procps

 16:02 <vorlon> ok, I think I already retried the autopkgtest

 16:03 <doko> vorlon: ok, doing perl

 16:03 <vorlon> bdmurray: so I think that's it

 16:03 <bdmurray> #topic AOB

 16:04 <bdmurray> okay if nothing else

 16:05 <bdmurray> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)