== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 18 Nov at 23:07 &mdash; 00:00 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2020/ubuntu-meeting.2020-11-18-23.07.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Technical Board ===
The discussion about "Technical Board" started at 23:08.

  * ''ACTION:'' teward to extend current TB members roles through EOY and notify TB about it as well.

=== LoCo Council nomination ===
The discussion about "LoCo Council nomination" started at 23:16.

  * ''IDEA:''   (linaporras, 23:18)

=== Membership Board Elections ===
The discussion about "Membership Board Elections" started at 23:54.


=== Any other business? ===
The discussion about "Any other business?" started at 23:57.




== Vote results ==




== Action items, by person ==

 * teward
  * teward to extend current TB members roles through EOY and notify TB about it as well.



== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * jose (129)
 * wxl (62)
 * teward (38)
 * linaporras (32)
 * Eickmeyer (26)
 * toddy (23)
 * nhaines (11)
 * meetingology (8)



== Full Log ==


 23:07 <jose> #startmeeting

 23:07 <meetingology> Meeting started Wed Nov 18 23:07:26 2020 UTC.  The chair is jose. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 23:07 <meetingology> 

 23:07 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 23:07 <jose> Welcome to the CC meeting

 23:07 <jose> #chair Eickmeyer teward toddy

 23:07 <meetingology> Current chairs: Eickmeyer jose teward toddy

 23:08 <jose> so, what's up

 23:08 <jose> any topics y'all would like to discuss today?

 23:08 <jose> I do have one but would like to open the floor to all of you first

 23:08 <wxl> sorry it's been a day

 23:08 <teward> #topic Technical Board

 23:08 <jose> wxl you joining us for now?

 23:09 <wxl> i'm here

 23:09 <teward> nothing from Mark on the nominees so we'll have to extend existing TB through End of Year

 23:09 <jose> #chair Eickmeyer teward toddy wxl

 23:09 <meetingology> Current chairs: Eickmeyer jose teward toddy wxl

 23:09 <jose> I did send him a reminder another way

 23:09 <teward> Is there any objection with extending the existing TB members anyways until End of Year so that we have a TB in the interim?  We don't know when Mark'll get his nominees list in.

 23:10 <jose> none from me

 23:10 <Eickmeyer> Yeah, I'm all for extending TB through EOY. I doubt we'll be able to get through elections before EOY.

 23:10 <wxl> fine with me

 23:10 <jose> however

 23:10 <toddy> for me also fine

 23:10 <jose> I do suggest we reach out to them proactively and make sure that they're aware of the decision

 23:10 <jose> and if anyone wants to resign, they have the opportunity to do so gracefully

 23:10 <wxl> i say we continue to approach mark about it and perhaps suggest some other alternative, such as taking nominees as normal and allowing himm to confirm them as with the cc

 23:10 <Eickmeyer> ^ Yes, I agree.

 23:10 <jose> what do you think

 23:11 <Eickmeyer> So nominations curated by Mark? That could work.

 23:11 <teward> nominations have always been curated by Mark for TB

 23:11 <wxl> we make a call for nominations and then pass that to him to confirm

 23:12 <wxl> that at least eliminates some of the work required

 23:12 <Eickmeyer> True, that would be less onMark's plate.

 23:12 <jose> I have made sure that he gets the message though

 23:12 <jose> so we'll have an answer before EOY :)

 23:13 <Eickmeyer> So, let's let it sit for another two weeks with existing TB extended to EOY then.

 23:13 <Eickmeyer> If nothing, then we get more proactive.

 23:13 <jose> I agree that's a good choice.

 23:13 <wxl> i mean i can imagine sorting through all of the ubuntu developers to find appropriate candidates that want to sit on the board is a rather tiring situation

 23:13 <teward> I'm not opposed to discussing changing how TB is staffed, but I think we need, for now, to keep the process as is, and propose any changes to that to Mark

 23:14 <teward> and simply keep existing TB members through EOY given our proximity to the end of the year

 23:14 <Eickmeyer> wxl: I agree, but I think, considering *how* jose got through to him, that we need to sit this out a little longer.

 23:14 <wxl> works for me

 23:14 <jose> any objections about the proposals above?

 23:15 <toddy> hi linaporras

 23:15 <linaporras> Hi, sorry for the late

 23:15 <jose> #chair Eickmeyer teward toddy wxl linaporras

 23:15 <meetingology> Current chairs: Eickmeyer jose linaporras teward toddy wxl

 23:15 <teward> #action teward to extend current TB members roles through EOY and notify TB about it as well.

 23:15 * meetingology teward to extend current TB members roles through EOY and notify TB about it as well.

 23:15 <teward> because we at least agreed on THAT

 23:15 <jose> and don't forget to document it in the bug please :)

 23:15 <teward> thats a given ;)

 23:15 <jose> :partyparrot:

 23:16 <wxl> what's next?

 23:16 <jose> good then

 23:16 <jose> I was just going to ask that :)

 23:16 <toddy> #topic LoCo Council nomination

 23:16 <wxl> since we're all chairs, i'm not who the actual one running the show is XD

 23:17 <jose> I am, but any of you can run commands :)

 23:17 <Eickmeyer> jose is *the* chair.

 23:17 <jose> :tada:

 23:17 <toddy> We have not received enough nominations for the LoCo council after our call.

 23:17 <wxl> Eickmeyer: does that make you the stool?

 23:17 <teward> wxl: jose's in the hotseat today, we just have perms to run the commands now lol.

 23:17 <toddy> hi nhaines

 23:17 <Eickmeyer> wxl: Usually. Because I'm always the butt of the joke when tsimonq2 isn't around (shameless ping because reasons)

 23:18 <linaporras> I  have a commment on that

 23:18 <linaporras> #idea

 23:18 <teward> not a command.  just make your comment RE: LoCo Council

 23:18 <teward> since that's the item we're looking at now

 23:18 <linaporras> RE: LoCo Council

 23:19 <wxl> Eickmeyer: fair point https://phab.lubuntu.me/file/data/vcfkt6x656czh7ao52u5/PHID-FILE-p7x4hnakcjuzjrp4nqey/simon_s_fault.jpg

 23:19 <Eickmeyer> ^ Yep. I know that reference, wxl! haha

 23:19 <jose> #chair Eickmeyer teward toddy wxl linaporras nhaines

 23:19 <meetingology> Current chairs: Eickmeyer jose linaporras nhaines teward toddy wxl

 23:19 <toddy> wxl: :D

 23:20 <wxl> linaporras: what are you thinking

 23:20 <wxl> ?

 23:20 <Eickmeyer> Wow, not only quorum, but FULL COUNCIL!!!

 23:20 <toddy> yes

 23:20 <nhaines> \o/

 23:20 <linaporras> RE: LoCo Council   I think that before an election we should take a look on the current status of the LoCos, which are active, how many members, and review the pending approvals of ubuntu members. Also I propose that with an initial status, we also see if is prudent to elect, or just empower the LoCos, and after that go to elections

 23:21 <linaporras> I was writing, sorry for the delay..... since been a long time not using IRC also... but, that's the idea for that topic!

 23:21 <toddy> how do we get a current status of the LoCos?

 23:21 <jose> we'd have to email loco contacts with an announcement and poll ourselves

 23:22 <wxl> this sounds a little bit like what i was thinking but i do know that one of the things that we've kind of always needed is a way for canonical to verify the validity of some indvidual or individuals to represent ubuntu at conferences and to get funding and resources related to that

 23:22 <jose> toddy, could you please mention some of the ideas that were mentioned today in the mailing list

 23:22 <wxl> which is why there is the whole loco verification thing

 23:22 <jose> as the mailing list is private

 23:22 <jose> and then I do have a comment, after toddy has debriefed :)

 23:23 <linaporras> That's a task, start reviewing Launchpad... and look for another way to contact people, in my LoCo there is active people, but we a fe years ago were discussing about the tools... because for many people was difficult to complete the process, so we were in real bigger thant the launchpad team...

 23:23 <toddy> We have discussed at the mailing list if we make a second call.

 23:24 <toddy> Or if we change the focus of the candidates

 23:24 <Eickmeyer> Another idea was to change the idea of LoCos altogether.

 23:24 <toddy> so that we are maybe should search for people who wants to change the process

 23:25 <linaporras> I am reading the list... maybe a meeting with the people that is still active, and listen what's going on, what are the barriers, coudl be a good idea...

 23:26 <jose> so, what about this

 23:26 <Eickmeyer> In the US, LoCos are pretty much dead. I, for one, have never been verified by a LoCo.

 23:26 <linaporras> I suggest this before thinkin in changing the process... or calling again to elections...

 23:27 <wxl> i think it's safe to say that the lack of interested candidates is probably a sign for concern

 23:27 <Eickmeyer> ^ Agreed.

 23:27 <nhaines> I agree.

 23:27 <jose> since we've been having difficulties, we convoke for a transition committee, who will help us in making that assessment and providing conclusions about the current status of the LoCo teams

 23:27 <toddy> I like the idea to discuss this topic with the loco contacts

 23:27 <wxl> perhaps we should reach out to previous council members and see if there are interested parties

 23:27 <linaporras> (talk with people not limited to people that is launchpad)

 23:27 <jose> peeps, I want to finish my idea without messages getting lost, one at a time?

 23:27 <linaporras> agree with wxl

 23:27 <jose> since we've been having difficulties, we convoke for a transition committee, who will help us in making that assessment and providing conclusions about the current status of the LoCo teams

 23:28 <wxl> jose: convoke?! i have never heard that word before and i'm the one who is actually from an english speaking country! go you.

 23:28 <jose> they can do whatever they deem necessary in order to analyze the status of loco teams

 23:28 <jose> emailing the mailing list, holding interviews

 23:28 <jose> maybe analyzing "the market"

 23:28 <jose> and then, they come up with a report saying

 23:28 <jose> 1.- what is the current status

 23:29 <jose> 2.- how can we improve participation

 23:29 <jose> 3.- any and all recommendations they have in order to improve the experience of loco teams (or if they wanna revamp them)

 23:29 <jose> that's it

 23:29 <jose> what do y'all think

 23:29 <teward> I'm just going to put this out there though in the interim:

 23:29 <linaporras> I am not a fan of comittees, prefer a meeting as wxl suggest and also... inviting more people... and maybe this is daring but evalutin not necessary this channel as the channel for that meeting.

 23:29 <teward> LoCo Teams are currently going to be impacted globally by the Pandemic

 23:30 <wxl> i assume you think that committee would be a subset of the cc?

 23:30 <teward> so that's one factor to consider in any way we move forward.

 23:30 <linaporras> *evaluating...

 23:30 <jose> I suggess the committee be a group of 3-5 people who we delegate to make this decision

 23:31 <jose> overseen by the community council, of course

 23:31 <wxl> i interpret teward's thought two ways:

 23:31 <wxl> 1. the need for people to get verified for funds and resources are going to be small, if at all

 23:31 <wxl> (meaning we have some time)

 23:31 <linaporras> I think that for start this task we should all get involved, and having this meeting then plan a strategy...

 23:32 <wxl> 2. the activity may be decreased (so our investigations may not be indicative of "normal" activity)

 23:32 <jose> we would have to analyze historical data

 23:32 <jose> I can tell you for a fact the big decline happened in 2017ish

 23:32 <jose> we can mark 2020 with an asterisk, but the current level of participation is mostly an indicator of previous participation

 23:33 <jose> we could even give it a 50% handicap

 23:33 <jose> Eickmeyer, toddy, would love to hear your thoughts on the proposal

 23:34 <jose> nhaines too

 23:34 <Eickmeyer> I honestly don't know. I feel as though the historical verification reason for the LoCos might not exist at all.

 23:34 <wxl> right. so maybe for now we say that the cc will be responsibile for any verification that needs to happen. there aren't a lot of these happening, so that's probably not a big deal. i do like the idea of getting some more data together before making further decisions. and having a delegated group to do this is something i like (we've got a bunch of stuff on our plates so we probably don't want to go

 23:34 <wxl> crazy)

 23:34 <jose> yeah of course, we can take the verification responsibilities in the meantime, but I would like to get that committee together to analyze what we have

 23:35 <jose> I know of teams like US-AZ, for example, that still hold meetings :)

 23:35 <Eickmeyer> But are they functioning as a LoCo or a LUG?

 23:36 <jose> I haven't checked, but as meetingology's owner, I get messages saying they have ended a meeting :)

 23:36 <toddy> we can try it out with a committee. I think we should have in there some of active members of the locos

 23:36 <nhaines> I think contacting the teams that are verified or became unruffled I'm the last two years would be a good start.

 23:36 <nhaines> *unverified in the last two years

 23:36 <jose> right, but that in and of itself is a huge task. which is why I think a committee is a good idea

 23:36 <jose> be it verified or unverified

 23:37 <nhaines> Oh no, I see autocorrect has decided to sabotage me today! :)

 23:37 <Eickmeyer> I can also think of a few teams that need to be dissolved, if they aren't already.

 23:37 <wxl> i would like to see the committee include members of locos that are active and excited, even if they aren't verified

 23:37 <jose> totally!

 23:37 <Eickmeyer> Yep.

 23:37 <toddy> +1

 23:38 <nhaines> +1

 23:38 <jose> I would, however, require these people be ubuntu members.

 23:38 <wxl> and preferably, across a wide geographical makeup

 23:38 <jose> ^

 23:38 <Eickmeyer> wb linaporras

 23:38 <wxl> we can't just have people from asia or just from europe and certainly not just from north america

 23:38 <jose> if they are not ubuntu members but we feel like they have had enough participation like to become an ubuntu member, we can always ask them to go through the process

 23:38 <linaporras> I lost my connection :'(

 23:38 <jose> totally believe in diversity

 23:39 <jose> welcome back!

 23:39 <wxl> agree with the ubuntu members thing

 23:39 <wxl> the reason i want to see the wide grographical makeup is not because of diversity but because i think truly each location has different needs and it would be nice to see those represented as well as they can be

 23:39 <jose> Lina, I'm going to send you all the conversation we just had via PM so you can review

 23:40 <jose> and we're going to give you a couple minutes to catch up in case you surface any concerns, risks, or questions

 23:40 <teward> agree with wxl on the wide needs dispersion and representation of different areas' needs.

 23:40 <linaporras> thank u jose

 23:40 <teward> And point #3 that was not seen by wxl in my regard of COVID was this:

 23:41 <teward> if LoCo teams need funding for events, etc. we can't reliably approve/etc. any of that because of the nature of the current Pandemic

 23:41 <jose> +1 to the globality, diversity, and inclusion part

 23:41 <teward> therefore #1 and #2 that wxl said is accurate.

 23:41 <jose> unless they're in a covid-free country :)

 23:42 <teward> but also that we need to keep this pandemic in mind with anything LoCo related because of local issues with the various issues this ongoing chaos year is bringing to regions and areas.

 23:42 <teward> jose: you mean Antarctica right?  :P

 23:42 <jose> New Zealand!

 23:42 <jose> or Australia!

 23:42 <linaporras> jajaja, some African countries reports low cases of COVID...

 23:42 <jose> The pandemic, however, is also forcing us to re-think our strategies

 23:42 <linaporras> Well... I have a question... form my ignorance... the membership board is having the meetings for new members approval... jus to verify... because I am not sure

 23:43 <wxl> yes linaporras

 23:43 <jose> Yes, they are.

 23:43 <jose> And I got the list of nominations

 23:43 <linaporras> thank u!

 23:43 <jose> I just need to make it pretty, officially present it to you, and we can go from there

 23:43 <wxl> the membership board overall is doing pretty good. there's still interest in helping with the board, people still want to be members, etc.

 23:44 <wxl> i will also say that the past few boards have done some heavy lifting to improve documentation and such, so that's a pretty healthy project

 23:44 <toddy> wxl: yes, I agree

 23:45 <teward> unrelated FYI I have a hard-stop at 19:00 my time (15 minutes) as i have another meeting for work I *must* be in (IT Security related heavy discussionss)

 23:45 <teward> so if I just die in 15 minutes that's why ^

 23:45 <Eickmeyer> ^ Same, hard-stop at 16:00 my time, work meeting.

 23:45 <wxl> ok let's move forward

 23:45 <jose> toddy, nhaines, linaporras, Eickmeyer, wxl: last call for concerns and queries about the committee project

 23:45 <toddy> my bed is waiting in 15 min

 23:45 <wxl> it sounds like we're in agreement here. so how do we form this committee?

 23:46 <linaporras> I want ot participate in that mission

 23:46 <linaporras> *to

 23:46 <jose> I would prefer if we act in observation

 23:46 <nhaines> I feel like we have a good plan to start getting things going again.

 23:46 <jose> So, next steps for the committee:

 23:46 <wxl> i would be open to letting lina suggest candidates

 23:47 <jose> oh, totally

 23:47 <jose> so, next steps:

 23:47 <linaporras> I disagree.... I think that we need to be active in this... and thats the reason I want to participate..

 23:47 <jose> 1.- Define the criteria to form the committee and the number of members it'll have based on our diversity expectations

 23:47 <linaporras> Diverse...

 23:47 <linaporras> 3 to 5 members

 23:47 <jose> 2.- Put out a call for nominations for the committee

 23:48 <jose> 3.- Vote, select, give a timeframe and scope of work

 23:48 <jose> and then they can get rolling

 23:48 <jose> I think we should discuss and draft the criteria in the ML and then come back here in two weeks to report results

 23:48 <jose> Lina, I don't say that you won't be able to participate, but rather that we shouldn't be direct members of the committee

 23:49 <jose> We would oversee the committee and the work that they do, but we have bigger and other varied responsibilities here

 23:49 <wxl> i agree

 23:49 <toddy> ok

 23:49 <jose> So, of course we can get involved with the work, but we should delegate this work

 23:49 <wxl> that said, if one or more of us wants to actively participate, i don't think that's a bad idea

 23:49 <wxl> echo

 23:49 <jose> right, but as outside members providing feedback to this independent entity

 23:50 <jose> and super valuable feedback considering our experience

 23:50 <linaporras> Could be... If I have luck, I will have reach some people from locos to listen them separetly and se the intentions to participate... I think that is an important point...   I will try to reach the ubuntu members and the information from locos... to see how we can achieve representativeness, and how can we start moving people

 23:50 <linaporras> *see

 23:50 <linaporras> is that ok for u all?

 23:51 <jose> of course, if you have any recommendations they're more than welcome to nominate themselves for the committee

 23:51 <jose> and if they're not yet an Ubuntu Member, they can apply for membership

 23:51 <linaporras> Yes!

 23:51 <linaporras> That's an excellent point!

 23:51 <toddy> fine

 23:51 <jose> or you can also nominate them yourself

 23:52 <jose> anyone wants to put this to a vote, or are we all good to go with what's been listed so far?

 23:52 <wxl> so jose you going to send something to the ML about criteria and such?

 23:52 <jose> unless toddy wants to inherit it

 23:52 <wxl> i'm not hearing much in the way of dissention so it sounds like we should move forward

 23:52 <jose> but I'd be happy to own it

 23:52 <toddy> I think, we don't need a vote

 23:52 <jose> Eickmeyer, teward, nhaines?

 23:52 <Eickmeyer> No objection.

 23:52 <teward> no objections here

 23:52 <jose> I'll give them 30 secs before I move to the other topic

 23:53 <teward> *salts jose for delay*

 23:53 <wxl> ok any takers for defining the criteria? else it goes to jose

 23:53 <nhaines> I think we're good so far.

 23:53 <teward> not it :P

 23:53 <wxl> not it

 23:53 <Eickmeyer> not it

 23:53 <jose> >.>

 23:53 <jose> okay, in the interest of time I'll take it and then we can discuss if it needs to shift around

 23:53 <wxl> (this is not representative of my interest in the subject, just trying to be wise with my time)

 23:53 * Eickmeyer started a new job and has a bit of a full plate now

 23:53 <jose> congrats!

 23:54 <jose> does anyone have aob they'd like to bring to the meeting?

 23:54 <wxl> yes congrats indeed

 23:54 <jose> otherwise I'll go with mine

 23:54 <wxl> i think those were the two big hot things

 23:54 <Eickmeyer> In the interest of time, Go jose.

 23:54 <jose> #topic Membership Board Elections

 23:54 <teward> RE: TB we all knew going into today we might have toget that extended so :P

 23:54 <jose> things are moving forward with the MB elections

 23:54 <jose> they've sent over a list of 7-8 nominations

 23:55 <wxl> we have all the nominees yes?

 23:55 <jose> yes

 23:55 <jose> I just need to put it in a nice list for you to just see and we can take a peek

 23:55 <wxl> yes that would be preferable

 23:55 <jose> I *think* we'll have a quorum

 23:55 <jose> does anyone have any questions about that?

 23:55 <jose> I'd say it's all smooth sailing for now

 23:55 <wxl> yes i think that will go rather quick and easy

 23:56 <wxl> i will say something about elections: i found more than a few bugs in our script to generate emails, if anyone is bored and wants something to do :)

 23:56 <jose> I don't think this one needs a general vote

 23:56 <teward> once I see the list of nominations I'll provide my 2 cents if we need to reject a nominee - I haven't seen the list yet due to chaotic workplace

 23:56 <jose> just outs

 23:56 <jose> no prob

 23:56 <jose> I'll make sure that we get all of your perspectives

 23:57 <jose> #topic Any other business?

 23:57 <jose> anything else anyone wants to bring to the table?

 23:57 <teward> yeah where's my coffee you promised me :P

 23:57 <teward> (jk)

 23:57 <jose> I'll send you a starbucks gift card shortly

 23:57 <nhaines> I'll have a tea, please!

 23:57 <wxl> anyone else from the general public?

 23:57 <wxl> tea for me, too, please.

 23:57 <wxl> and not from starbucks XD

 23:57 <teward> just send me $20 via Venmo, i'll call it even xD  (yes myself and jose and everyone joke around a lot, it's just us being kind)

 23:57 <linaporras> jajaja

 23:57 <teward> (and friendly)

 23:57 <teward> oh right

 23:58 <teward> one note on the TB thing

 23:58 * wxl never jokes and is always incredibly serious, including right now

 23:58 <teward> I already sent the email to the TB and cc'd the CC about the extension and updated the bug

 23:58 <teward> just for awareness :)

 23:58 <jose> thanks a lot for your proactiveness :)

 23:58 <jose> Eickmeyer, toddy, any other business you'd like to discuss?

 23:58 <toddy> jose: no

 23:58 <wxl> oh

 23:58 <Eickmeyer> I've got nothing.

 23:58 <jose> wxl, got something?

 23:58 <wxl> did we make any progress getting access to discourse?

 23:59 <jose> thanks for reminding me

 23:59 <jose> no

 23:59 <jose> I was going to ping IS today and then got swamped by meetings

 23:59 <wxl> and what was it you were contacting rt about yesterday toddy?

 23:59 <jose> I'll set a reminder to do it at 9am my time tomorrow

 23:59 <toddy> the pad, wxl

 23:59 <teward> jose: I think IS got swamped with issues with security.u.c today

 23:59 <wxl> oh right

 23:59 <toddy> the pad was broken

 23:59 <nhaines> I think I might have elevated rights on Discourse.

 23:59 <teward> so today would've been a bad poke day anyways

 23:59 <toddy> so they have restore the etherpad

 23:59 <jose> just pinged them regardless

 00:00 <wxl> teward: oh???

 00:00 <jose> nhaines: admin rights? if so please share

 00:00 <jose> mod isn't enough to create wiki articles :(

 00:00 <jose> anything else urgent anyone wants to bring up?

 00:00 <wxl> all i care about is having access to the cc category

 00:00 <jose> otherwise we'll close the floor

 00:00 <nhaines> jose: maybe! I'll check tonight.

 00:00 <Eickmeyer> Gotta go. Bye everyone! o/

 00:00 <linaporras> no...

 00:00 <wxl> close it up

 00:00 <jose> Thanks everyone for participating! See y'all in two weeks, same time!

 00:00 <linaporras> we can go bed or continue working...

 00:00 <jose> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)