== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status, 05 May at 13:01 &mdash; 13:22 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2020/ubuntu-meeting.2020-05-05-13.01.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Review of previous action items ===
The discussion about "Review of previous action items" started at 13:01.


=== current component mismatches ===
The discussion about "current component mismatches" started at 13:08.

  * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg 
  * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg 

=== New MIRs ===
The discussion about "New MIRs" started at 13:17.

  * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=NEW&assignee_option=none&field.assignee=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir 

=== Incomplete bugs / questions ===
The discussion about "Incomplete bugs / questions" started at 13:17.

  * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir 

=== Any other business? ===
The discussion about "Any other business?" started at 13:18.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * cpaelzer (59)
 * jamespage (3)
 * meetingology (3)
 * joeubuntu (2)
 * sparkiegeek (1)



== Full Log ==


 13:01 <cpaelzer> #startmeeting Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status

 13:01 <meetingology> Meeting started Tue May  5 13:01:08 2020 UTC.  The chair is cpaelzer. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 13:01 <meetingology> 

 13:01 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 13:01 <cpaelzer> #topic Review of previous action items

 13:01 <cpaelzer> there are two actions of last week

 13:02 <cpaelzer> #1 I had contact with xnox about the Ubuntu.Groovy community-maas seed that shows up in component mismatches

 13:02 <cpaelzer> and makes us wonder every week

 13:02 <cpaelzer> he asked us to "Please ignore community seeds in MIR meetings."

 13:03 <cpaelzer> he also wanted to fix ubuntu-archive-scripts and ubuntu-archive-tools proposed misssmatches reports but the changes didn't work out

 13:03 <cpaelzer> therefore it is still in the overview, but we should ignore it for now

 13:03 <cpaelzer> that is ok with me but I wanted you all to know about it as well

 13:03 <cpaelzer> sparkiegeek: just too late :-)

 13:04 <sparkiegeek> cpaelzer: heh

 13:04 <cpaelzer> I already mentioned that xnox told us to ignore the mistmatches triggered by "Ubuntu.Groovy community-maas seed" and similar

 13:05 <cpaelzer> action #2 we had sarnold trying to probe for a new time that might work better for him but not make it worse for others

 13:05 <cpaelzer> looking at the poll the one with the highest amount of acks (4 full, 1 kind of ok)

 13:05 <cpaelzer> is 90 minutes after the current slot

 13:06 <cpaelzer> doko: you are not in this poll yet, could you let us know if this time works for you?

 13:06 <cpaelzer> I see didrocks, ddstreet, jamespage, sarnold and myself

 13:07 <jamespage> I'd forgotten about that

 13:07 <jamespage> +90 mins is OK with me

 13:07 <cpaelzer> jamespage: you have added your answers to the poll

 13:07 <cpaelzer> so you only forgot that you already did that :-)

 13:07 <cpaelzer> doko: I'll be sharing the poll of sarnold once again with you na query

 13:08 <cpaelzer> let us go on from here - if doko arrives before the meeting is over we can make a decision

 13:08 <cpaelzer> otherwise I'd wait another week to really know

 13:08 <cpaelzer> before changing the meeting time every week ... :-)

 13:08 <cpaelzer> actions done (or postponed)

 13:08 <cpaelzer> #topic current component mismatches

 13:08 <cpaelzer> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg

 13:08 <cpaelzer> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg

 13:09 <cpaelzer> we ignroe maas

 13:09 <cpaelzer> we have talked about apport which is a fals positive

 13:09 <cpaelzer> as it has an alternate dependency

 13:10 <cpaelzer> let us go through the new ones if anyone has context on them

 13:10 <cpaelzer> sphinx -> mathjax ?

 13:11 <cpaelzer> debian-goodies -> a bunch of perl things

 13:12 <cpaelzer> and another perl in libmoox-struct-perl -> libnamespace-autoclean-perl

 13:12 <cpaelzer> and fonts-telu ->  fonts-teluguvijayam

 13:12 <cpaelzer> the latter seems liek a package split

 13:13 <cpaelzer> all those perl/fonts things are usually managed by foundations and we miss doko atm

 13:13 <cpaelzer> anyone against keeping this waiting for another week until he is here?

 13:14 <cpaelzer> python-ecdsa is different, that has an approved MIR already (was in xenial)

 13:15 <cpaelzer> pulled in by dnspython which is part of the deps of e.g. samba

 13:15 <cpaelzer> I'll ping on that one to be re-promoted

 13:17 <cpaelzer> #topic New MIRs

 13:17 <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=NEW&assignee_option=none&field.assignee=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 13:17 <cpaelzer> empty for one \o/

 13:17 <cpaelzer> #topic Incomplete bugs / questions

 13:17 <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 13:18 <cpaelzer> no recent updates on those either

 13:18 <cpaelzer> #topic Any other business?

 13:18 <cpaelzer> still no response from doko

 13:18 <cpaelzer> it seems no new work to distribute "right now" came in this week

 13:18 * cpaelzer feels like this becomes a monlogue

 13:19 <cpaelzer> we will re-visit the time change next week once we have dko's answer as well

 13:19 <cpaelzer> anything else?

 13:20 * cpaelzer is a lonely log-filler :-/

 13:20 <cpaelzer> but we are doen for today

 13:21 <cpaelzer> ddstreet: doko: sarnold: joeubuntu: jamespage: didrocks: anything to add ?

 13:21 <jamespage> nowt from me

 13:21 <joeubuntu> Not here.

 13:21 <cpaelzer> I think I need to add some fast-path to the meeting in case lists and such are empty

 13:22 <cpaelzer> let me tinhk about it until next time

 13:22 <cpaelzer> cu next week

 13:22 <joeubuntu> bye all!

 13:22 <cpaelzer> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)