== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team, 06 Aug at 15:01 &mdash; 15:53 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2020/ubuntu-meeting.2020-08-06-15.01.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning rounds ===
The discussion about "Lightning rounds" started at 15:01.


=== Release incoming bugs ===
The discussion about "Release incoming bugs" started at 15:10.

  * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-gg-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs 
  * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ff-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs 

=== Team proposed-migration report ===
The discussion about "Team proposed-migration report" started at 15:26.

  * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs 

=== Team proposed-migration report ===
The discussion about "Team proposed-migration report" started at 15:31.

  * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.debian.org/cgi-bin/bugreport.cgi?bug=956697 

=== AOB ===
The discussion about "AOB" started at 15:48.

  * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~doko/ftbfs-report/test-rebuild-20200728-groovy-groovy.html#foundations-bugs 



== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * vorlon (57)
 * bdmurray (52)
 * slyon (25)
 * xnox (23)
 * rbalint (21)
 * ubottu (20)
 * doko (15)
 * tdaitx (9)
 * juliank (8)
 * ItzSwirlz (5)
 * meetingology (3)
 * sil2100 (2)
 * mclemenceau (1)



== Full Log ==


 15:01 <bdmurray> #startmeeting Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team

 15:01 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Aug  6 15:01:43 2020 UTC.  The chair is bdmurray. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 15:01 <meetingology> 

 15:01 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 15:01 <rbalint> Lost in Translation ...

 15:01 <bdmurray> #topic Lightning rounds

 15:02 <bdmurray> echo $(shuf -e vorlon bdmurray xnox tdaitx doko sil2100 rbalint infinity mwhudson juliank waveform slyon)

 15:02 <bdmurray> bdmurray sil2100 vorlon tdaitx waveform slyon doko rbalint xnox infinity mwhudson juliank

 15:02 <bdmurray> submitted RT 127091 re autopkgtest, nova, and Canonistack

 15:02 <bdmurray> sponsored oops upload for waveform

 15:02 <bdmurray> investigated, tested a fix, and submitted a PR for LP: #1887544

 15:02 <ItzSwirlz> ?

 15:02 <vorlon> (skip me for a bit, in another meeting that's running over)

 15:02 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1887544 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu) "upgrade from 18.04 to 20.04 fails to calculate if python-pyqt5-dbg is installed" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1887544

 15:02 <bdmurray> investigated, tested a fix (or two), and uploaded a fix for LP: #1889449

 15:02 <bdmurray> uploaded the above fix to the Focal SRU queue

 15:02 <bdmurray> investigation into and testing of LP: #1888916

 15:02 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1889449 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu Focal) "18.04 to 20.04.1 upgrade on raspberry pi removes too many kernel meta packages" [High,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1889449

 15:02 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1888916 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu Groovy) "upgrade from bionic to focal a server with molly-guard moves back sources.list to bionic entries" [Medium,Incomplete] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1888916

 15:02 <bdmurray> investigation into daisy units OOPS'ing with crashes from whoopsie in -security

 15:02 <slyon> ItzSwirlz: its the foundations meeting

 15:03 <bdmurray> uploaded apport SRU fixing LP: #1861451 and LP: #1872059

 15:03 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1861451 in apport (Ubuntu Bionic) "apport's cloud-init-specific handling tracebacks on minimal cloud images" [Undecided,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1861451

 15:03 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1872059 in OEM Priority Project "missing hardware/runtime info when reporing linux-firmware bugs via apport" [Medium,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1872059

 15:03 <bdmurray> âœ” done

 15:03 <bdmurray> tdaitx:

 15:03 <tdaitx> * openjdk-8 security update

 15:03 <tdaitx> - packaged 8u265-b01, relased yesterday by security team

 15:03 <tdaitx> - reduced build time test failure retries from 3 to 2

 15:03 <tdaitx> - filtered some long running tests to improve autopkgtest and build times for armhf (clientvm, 21h -> 8h), powerpc (zerovm 42h -> 11h), and s390x (zerovm, 11h -> 3h)

 15:03 <tdaitx> * jck-11

 15:03 <tdaitx> - update runtime testsuite job to use the know-to-pass tests baseline to detect regressions (while ignoring know failures)

 15:03 <tdaitx> - jtdiff/jtreg 4.2 on bionic wrongly reports a diff for tests that passed, which is totally weird and not expected, does not happen on focal (jtreg 5.0)

 15:03 <tdaitx> (done)

 15:03 <slyon> - Upgrade testing 18.04 to 20.04.1 on 2nd notebook

 15:03 <slyon> - Prepared "Call for testing: iwd" discourse post & testplan

 15:03 <slyon> * used upgraded notebook to test/verify the steps involved

 15:03 <slyon> - Reviewed ubuntu-release-upgrader, MP#388513

 15:03 <slyon> - Prepared debdiffs for command-not-found (groovy & focal)

 15:03 <slyon> * bug #1875760, needs review/sponsoring

 15:03 <slyon> === Netplan ===

 15:03 <ubottu> bug 1875760 in command-not-found (Ubuntu Focal) "/usr/lib/cnf-update-db:sqlite3.OperationalError:/usr/lib/cnf-update-db@26:create" [Medium,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1875760

 15:03 <slyon> - User support on AskUbuntu/IRC

 15:03 <slyon> - Appended OVS spec for global settings tagging

 15:03 <slyon> - Got initial feedback for the NM plugin

 15:03 <slyon> * only the basics were tested, working so far

 15:03 <slyon> - Merged IP addr labels, PR#89, bug #1743200, bug #1803203

 15:04 <ubottu> bug 1743200 in nplan (Ubuntu) "No support for interface labels" [Wishlist,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1743200

 15:04 <ubottu> bug 1803203 in netplan.io (Ubuntu) "Support preferred_lft for IPv6 addresses" [Medium,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1803203

 15:04 <slyon> - Debugged "OVS broken on first boot" issue

 15:04 <slyon> * integration problem with cloud-init, bug #1870346

 15:04 <slyon> * description & discussions in PR#157

 15:04 <slyon> - Continued working on Wireguard PR#113 a little

 15:04 <slyon> * Finalized integration test for NM & networkd

 15:04 <slyon> (done)

 15:04 <ubottu> bug 1870346 in cloud-init (Ubuntu) "Wifi configuration" [Medium,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1870346

 15:05 <bdmurray> doko:

 15:05 <doko> will go last, sorry

 15:05 <bdmurray> I think vorlon already called last. ;-)

 15:05 <bdmurray> rbalint:

 15:05 <vorlon> I'm here now, don't have to be last :)

 15:05 <rbalint> * verified unattended-upgrades SRU

 15:05 <rbalint> * partner work

 15:05 <ItzSwirlz> Pick one anyone, today's your lucky day

 15:05 <rbalint> * poked systemd through migration

 15:06 <rbalint> * +1 maintenance

 15:06 <rbalint> * uploads via Debian: unattended-upgrades 2.6 & 2.7

 15:06 <rbalint> * merged 246-2ubuntu1, uploading...

 15:06 <rbalint> * testing glibc 2.32

 15:06 <rbalint> * prepared glibc SRU for focal

 15:06 <rbalint> * bug gardening

 15:06 <rbalint> (done)

 15:06 <bdmurray> "gardening"?

 15:06 <bdmurray> there must be a better phrase

 15:06 <bdmurray> xnox:

 15:06 <xnox> Uploaded better resolved integration across isc-dhcp, ifupdown, resolvconf

 15:07 <xnox> Upload micorcode-initrd source NEW to allow microcode updates with initrd-less boot LP: #1890612

 15:07 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1890612 in Ubuntu "ITP: Please support loading microcode early, whilst otherwise booting without initrd" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1890612

 15:07 <xnox> Prepared dual-signed & boothole proof UC20 gadget

 15:07 <xnox> Backport finalrd to xenial and provide a sample core16 build for Devices team to try with customer to help with shutdown issues

 15:07 <xnox> Worked with lukas on systemd vs cloud-init vs netplan.io units

 15:07 <xnox> Boothole retrospective and actions out of that.

 15:07 <xnox> Slacked on proposed migrations / transitions....

 15:07 <xnox> done

 15:07 <vorlon> I'll go

 15:07 <bdmurray> juliank:

 15:07 <vorlon> * short week, was out Tuesday

 15:07 <vorlon> * work on the fallout from hole-in-boot (LP: #1889556)

 15:07 <vorlon> * +1 maintenance yesterday/today

 15:07 <vorlon> * thinking about full-disk encryption in clouds

 15:07 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1889556 in grub2 (Ubuntu Groovy) "grub-install failure does not fail package upgrade (and does not roll back to matching modules)" [Undecided,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1889556

 15:07 <vorlon> (done)

 15:07 <juliank> * back from PTO last week

 15:07 <juliank> * shim uploaded to groovy  (LP: #1864223)

 15:07 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1864223 in OEM Priority Project "shim 15+1552672080.a4a1fbe-0ubuntu1 fails to load fwupd" [Critical,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1864223

 15:07 <juliank> * apt: investigated doko's debian bug 967044 about rdepends not handling arch qualifiers

 15:07 <ubottu> Debian bug 967044 in src:apt "apt/apt-cache rdepends doesn't handle qualifiers" [Normal,Open] http://bugs.debian.org/967044

 15:07 <juliank> * apt: various http "fixing"

 15:07 <juliank> * grub for groovy (LP: #1831789, LP: #1878541, LP: #1878705, LP: #1882663)

 15:08 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1831789 in grub2 (Ubuntu Groovy) "Add "dis_ucode_ldr" to linux boot options for Recovery Mode" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1831789

 15:08 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1878541 in snapd "Grub fails to load kernel from squashfs if mem < 1500mb" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1878541

 15:08 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1878705 in grub2 (Ubuntu Focal) "Fix multiple initrds support in grub.conf" [Undecided,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1878705

 15:08 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1882663 in grub2 (Ubuntu Focal) "Specify flavour ordering" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1882663

 15:08 <juliank> grub SRU coming shortly, want to test a bit

 15:08 <juliank> (done)

 15:08 <bdmurray> vorlon:

 15:08 <vorlon> bdmurray: already snuck mine in above ;)

 15:08 <doko> - groovy test rebuild, pinged teams about ftbfs in main

 15:08 <doko> - investigated three gcc ICEs, armhf, s390x

 15:08 <doko> - GCC/python backports for groovy now ready to start the test rebuild

 15:08 <doko> - some MIR work

 15:08 <doko> - some merges

 15:08 <doko> - Debian now removed the python package as well, so we should be able to sync python2 related stuff again

 15:08 <doko> (done)

 15:09 <bdmurray> vorlon: Oh I knew that, I'm totally paying attention.

 15:09 <bdmurray> Any questions on status?

 15:10 <ItzSwirlz> for so far?

 15:10 <ItzSwirlz> (what we've been talking about)

 15:10 <bdmurray> okay, moving on

 15:10 <bdmurray> #topic Release incoming bugs

 15:10 <bdmurray> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-gg-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 15:11 <bdmurray> bug 1864571 isn't in the foundations section but caught my eye

 15:11 <ubottu> bug 1864571 in ubuntu-dev-tools (Ubuntu Bionic) "SRU ubuntu-dev-tools" [High,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1864571

 15:12 <bdmurray> This has been tagged rls-gg-incoming but it's really a regression bug

 15:12 <bdmurray> We should still card it as its our SRU though

 15:12 * vorlon nods

 15:13 <bdmurray> tags fixed

 15:13 <bdmurray> bug 1887098

 15:13 <ubottu> bug 1887098 in what-is-python (Ubuntu) "Installing python-is-python3 should affect pip as well" [Medium,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1887098

 15:13 <bdmurray> Are we going to do something about this?

 15:13 <ItzSwirlz> I think we're fine as long as the Python versios are specific, but what do I know

 15:15 <xnox> ItzSwirlz:  hi, this meeting is for ~ubuntu-foundations members only. If you have any topics to bring up, you may do so, at the end of the meeting under AOB.

 15:20 <bdmurray> Okay, let's take this

 15:20 <bdmurray> The other bug is the dbus desktop one

 15:20 <xnox> it's more than just symlinks

 15:21 <xnox> but yeah.

 15:21 <bdmurray> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ff-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 15:21 <mclemenceau> ok bdmurray, carded it

 15:21 <bdmurray> I don't see anything new here

 15:22 <xnox> i think all of them were discussed / are in progress no?

 15:22 <xnox> do we just need to card them all?

 15:22 <bdmurray> there are a couple that were already carded

 15:22 <bdmurray> so I've sorted out there tags

 15:22 <bdmurray> their

 15:23 <bdmurray> I think we talked about not fixing the irssi

 15:24 <vorlon> well apparently I'm affected

 15:24 <vorlon> so I might upload it

 15:25 <bdmurray> okay, but it doesn't seem worth carding

 15:25 <vorlon> ok

 15:26 <bdmurray> #topic Team proposed-migration report

 15:26 <vorlon> [LINK] https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs

 15:26 <vorlon> numbers are going the wrong direction

 15:27 <vorlon> please make sure that if you're taking one of these that you make the time to work on it over the next week

 15:27 <rbalint> how about disabling tests in vim or in all packages on risc? ;-)

 15:27 <vorlon> vim is ... stuck with me I guess since no one else wanted it

 15:27 <vorlon> so we'll see

 15:28 <vorlon> bdmurray: mpfr4?

 15:28 <bdmurray> right

 15:29 <vorlon> sounds like doko is taking lintian because it needs some archive promotions to fix the failures

 15:29 <doko> ok

 15:29 <xnox> werkzeug is me

 15:29 * vorlon nods

 15:30 <vorlon> dbus-python is mine again; I started working on the upload of the package that needed to drop python2 support, but I don't remember where it got to

 15:30 <xnox> bdmurray:  did you work on mercurila pygments?

 15:30 <xnox> i had gpgme1.0 and autodep8

 15:30 <bdmurray> xnox: I've recreated it a bit the mercurial tests are flaky

 15:30 <vorlon> gpgme1.0 was waveform, but he's out this week

 15:31 <bdmurray> #topic Team proposed-migration report

 15:31 <xnox> bdmurray: skip them and reupload?

 15:31 <bdmurray> wow

 15:31 <bdmurray> https://bugs.debian.org/cgi-bin/bugreport.cgi?bug=956697

 15:31 <ubottu> Debian bug 956697 in src:mercurial "mercurial: flaky autopkgtests" [Normal,Open]

 15:31 <vorlon> bdmurray: so should we hint to ignore the tests?

 15:31 <xnox> cool

 15:31 <xnox> vorlon:  i think that's for the best.

 15:31 <rbalint> i also have several hints ready to be merged

 15:32 <vorlon> hinted mercurial

 15:33 <vorlon> xnox: autodep8 yours?

 15:33 <vorlon> slyon: you had software-properties last week; you still good to work on it?

 15:33 <vorlon> (and get it done this week)

 15:33 <slyon> vorlon: yes its on my list

 15:34 <vorlon> ok

 15:34 <vorlon> gce-compute-image-packages is mine, I had worked on it but apparently didn't get to the bottom of it

 15:34 <vorlon> icu... is the big transition

 15:34 <rbalint> vorlon, i guess the deps of gce- are mine

 15:34 <vorlon> elfutils is new

 15:35 <vorlon> rbalint: ah are these MIRs? Yeah I'll let you have this

 15:35 <rbalint> vorlon, do you plan filing all mirs?

 15:35 <vorlon> rbalint: pass ;)

 15:35 <slyon> vorlon: well actually, last week we decided to leave software-properties with the uploader (tsimonq2), shall I take it anyways?

 15:35 <vorlon> slyon: oh ok - yeah leave it with uploader

 15:35 <slyon> k

 15:35 <vorlon> elfutils vs makedumpfile - xnox do you want this?

 15:36 <rbalint> makedumpfile is flaky and i've filed a hint

 15:36 <xnox> vorlon:  sure.

 15:36 <vorlon> dpkg.. a couple of flaky tests, but sbuild seems to have regressed on all archs and needs looked at

 15:36 <vorlon> slyon: do you want this one?

 15:37 <slyon> yes. I take that

 15:37 <vorlon> json-c is also entangled with icu et al

 15:37 <vorlon> new glibc upload with a bunch of tests that need retried / burned down

 15:37 <xnox> vorlon:  slyon: sbuild regression, is actually procenv FTBFS with gcc-10, and i thought there was a bug against that in Debian / upstream. Fix procenv, unbreak sbuild, let stuff migrate.

 15:37 <rbalint> i'm on it, filed hints

 15:37 <vorlon> rbalint: is this yours to follow up on?

 15:37 <doko> my understanding is that we go directly to glibc 2.32?

 15:37 <vorlon> rbalint: ack

 15:37 <rbalint> bug would like to get glibc dropped

 15:38 <rbalint> but

 15:38 <vorlon> "dropped"?

 15:38 <slyon> xnox: thanks I will have a look at that

 15:38 <vorlon> cmake vs cups

 15:38 <rbalint> vorlon, from -proposed, because it is buggy and i'm preparing the next upload

 15:38 <vorlon> juliank: can you take this one?

 15:38 <juliank> ack

 15:38 <vorlon> rbalint: ah, I'll just remove it now then

 15:39 <vorlon> tdaitx: openjdk-8/armhf blocking cups, is this something you want to look at?

 15:39 <tdaitx> vorlon: yeah

 15:40 <doko> vorlon: that trigger is bogus

 15:41 <doko> stop triggering on all openjdk versions

 15:41 <vorlon> s390-tools and fwupd-signed are suspicious since they both involve signed binaries

 15:41 <doko> it's *always* run against the default openjdk

 15:41 <vorlon> doko: I haven't special-cased anything here

 15:41 <doko> it's in the britney code ...

 15:41 <vorlon> Impossible Depends: s390-tools -> libcrypto1.1-udeb/1.1.1f-1ubuntu3/s390x

 15:41 <xnox> huh?!

 15:43 <vorlon> possibly just a component-mismatch on the udeb, mislabeled

 15:43 <rbalint> i carded plymouth/systemd because it is a test bug in systemd

 15:45 <vorlon> mpclib3 just depends on mpfr4, already discussed

 15:45 <vorlon> plymouth/systemd, I guess is rbalint

 15:45 <vorlon> doxygen vs ghostscript: sil2100 could you take?

 15:47 <sil2100> Sure!

 15:47 <vorlon> util-linux vs gfs2-utils, I'll take

 15:47 <vorlon> and I think we'll stop there

 15:48 <vorlon> bdmurray:

 15:48 <bdmurray> #topic AOB

 15:48 <doko> https://people.canonical.com/~doko/ftbfs-report/test-rebuild-20200728-groovy-groovy.html#foundations-bugs

 15:48 <bdmurray> I'll take whoopsie

 15:49 <slyon> I'll take netplan (already prepare a patch for it, needs sponsoring)

 15:49 <sil2100> Just assign 5 random packages from the list to me! Or can I pick those?

 15:51 <xnox> doko:  ok, need to screen them to exclude those without proposed, and then will do a lottery.

 15:53 <bdmurray> Alright

 15:53 <bdmurray> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)