== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team, 12 Nov at 16:00 &mdash; 16:59 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2020/ubuntu-meeting.2020-11-12-16.00.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning Round ===
The discussion about "Lightning Round" started at 16:01.


=== Release Incoming Bugs ===
The discussion about "Release Incoming Bugs" started at 16:08.

  * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-hh-incoming-bug-tasks.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-gg-incoming-bug-tasks.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ff-incoming-bug-tasks.html 

=== Team proposed-migration report ===
The discussion about "Team proposed-migration report" started at 16:28.

  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs 

=== AOB ===
The discussion about "AOB" started at 16:53.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * bdmurray (67)
 * sil2100 (54)
 * ubottu (28)
 * rbalint (24)
 * slyon (20)
 * juliank (18)
 * tdaitx (18)
 * doko (15)
 * xnox (10)
 * waveform (9)
 * meetingology (3)



== Full Log ==


 16:00 <bdmurray> #startmeeting Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team

 16:00 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Nov 12 16:00:55 2020 UTC.  The chair is bdmurray. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:00 <meetingology> 

 16:00 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 16:01 <bdmurray> #topic Lightning Round

 16:01 <bdmurray> echo $(shuf -e vorlon bdmurray xnox tdaitx doko sil2100 rbalint mwhudson juliank waveform slyon)

 16:01 <juliank> o/

 16:01 <bdmurray> bdmurray rbalint vorlon sil2100 slyon tdaitx xnox doko mwhudson waveform juliank

 16:01 <bdmurray> tested a fix for LP: #1848829

 16:01 <bdmurray> updated daisy code on the staging error tracker to use a TTL w/ snap crashes

 16:01 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1848829 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu Hirsute) "distribution upgrade failed due pip install of distro-info" [Low,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1848829

 16:01 <bdmurray> updated errors code in production for hirsute

 16:01 <bdmurray> reported apport crasher LP: #1903567

 16:01 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1903567 in apport (Ubuntu Bionic) "/usr/share/apport/apport:AttributeError:/usr/share/apport/apport@447:parse_arguments:print_usage:_print_message" [Undecided,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1903567

 16:02 <bdmurray> uploaded ubuntu-release-upgrader dropping cdrom upgrades

 16:02 <bdmurray> uploaded u-r-u fixing LP: #1848829

 16:02 <bdmurray> merged vim from debian

 16:02 <bdmurray> tested / uploaded whoopsie patch for LP: #1899100

 16:02 <bdmurray> uploaded apport w/ autopkgtest fixes for new gdb

 16:02 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1899100 in whoopsie (Ubuntu) "whoopsie assert failure: double free or corruption (fasttop)" [Medium,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1899100

 16:02 <bdmurray> ✔ done

 16:02 <bdmurray> rbalint

 16:02 <rbalint> pass, i need a bit of time

 16:02 <bdmurray> vorlon said he might miss the meeting

 16:02 <bdmurray> sil2100: !

 16:02 <sil2100> Oh no!

 16:02 <sil2100> - OoO on Wednesday

 16:02 <sil2100> - SRU reviews and releases

 16:02 <sil2100> - Reviews for the focal HWE update

 16:02 <sil2100> - NEW reviews

 16:02 <sil2100> - Merged console-setup

 16:02 <sil2100> - Merged libgcrypt20 (and retriggering some failed tests)

 16:03 <sil2100> - Reviewed Lukas's new NetworkManager netplan spec

 16:03 <sil2100> - Training

 16:03 <sil2100> - Poking systemd upstream about the networkd ActivationPolicy PR

 16:03 <sil2100> - Sponsored bluez pi400 bluetooth fixes, sorting out the situation

 16:03 <sil2100> - Multiple discussions regarding the existing NM netplan read/write plugin

 16:03 <sil2100> - Various code reviews for the phased-upgrades scripting

 16:03 <sil2100> - Finalizing 20.04.2 dates

 16:03 <sil2100> - Investigated reverting the livecd-rootfs hack for image-size calculation

 16:03 <sil2100> (done)

 16:03 <slyon> - Trying to upstream remaining klibc delta to Debian

 16:03 <slyon> * https://salsa.debian.org/kernel-team/klibc/-/merge_requests/9

 16:03 <slyon> - α merge party

 16:03 <slyon> * curl

 16:03 <slyon> * s390-tools, bug #1902533 (+ update for s390-tools-signed)

 16:03 <slyon> * user-setup, bug #1903688

 16:03 <slyon> === Netplan ===

 16:03 <ubottu> bug 1902533 in user-setup (Ubuntu) "Please merge user-setup 1.85 (main) from Debian unstable (main)" [Undecided,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1902533

 16:03 <ubottu> bug 1903688 in s390-tools (Ubuntu) "Please merge s390-tools 2.14.0-2 (main) from Debian unstable (main) " [Undecided,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1903688

 16:03 <slyon> - Working on NetworkManager spec, for new netplan backend

 16:03 <slyon> - Implemented netplan try/DBus "mini spec" (config state mgmt), PR#170

 16:03 <slyon> * Implemented tests for netplan DBus code

 16:03 <slyon> * Fixed testing of DBus code, to allow calculating the coverage

 16:03 <slyon> * Adopted test to retain 100% coverage, incl. DBus code

 16:03 <slyon> * Final testing and PR cleanup ongoing

 16:03 <slyon> (done)

 16:04 <bdmurray> tdaitx:

 16:04 <tdaitx> * beta merge party: coreutils and apr-utils

 16:04 <tdaitx> * snapcraft snap begets snapcraft pack begets snap pack begets mksquashfs-with-hardcoded-exclude-list begets missing-directory~ (ie. when name ends in ~)

 16:04 <tdaitx> - hacky racy fix: inotify on the creation of the exclude list in /tmp and 'sed -i' to remove the offending regex

 16:04 <tdaitx> - yeah, never look under the hood of how your infra actually builds stuff

 16:04 <tdaitx> * packaged openjdk with regression fix: 8u275 and 11.0.9.1-b01

 16:04 <tdaitx> - uploaded xenial, bionic, focal, groovy, hirsute

 16:04 <tdaitx> - openjdk-8/hirsute stuck with autopkgtest failures from other packages, filled bug 1903929 for britney (hopefully I got the who-triggers-who right in the description)

 16:04 <ubottu> bug 1903929 in britney "swi-prolog and fdroidserver triggering autopkgtests for openjdk-8" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1903929

 16:04 <tdaitx> - openjdk 11 got armhf/focal and arm64/bionic builder failures (ie. no buildlog, no email) 12h in, added 1 extra sad day for releasing it T_T

 16:04 <tdaitx> * jtreg version 5+:

 16:04 <tdaitx> - supports match (ie. include) besides exclude list, found the patch for that, will backport to bionic

 16:04 <tdaitx> - jtreg is generating spurious man pages since focal, found fix for that, will backport

 16:04 <tdaitx> * updating jck scripts to allow specifying a lxd 'remote:' for all lxc calls

 16:04 <tdaitx> Other:

 16:04 <tdaitx> - gbp is way better than dget/debdiff

 16:05 <tdaitx> - killed my only 2 jenkins nodes, poor things couldn't handle the load, OOM probably finished off the jenkins' agent java process, waiting for the magic resurrection script to be run by IS

 16:05 <tdaitx> (done)

 16:05 <bdmurray> xnox:

 16:05 <xnox> merges

 16:05 <xnox> +1

 16:05 <xnox> sponsoring things

 16:05 <xnox> discussions about secureboot on power

 16:05 <xnox> discussions on dtbs on Pi

 16:05 <xnox> done

 16:06 <doko> - two days of +1 maintenance

 16:06 <doko> - three days of perl transition

 16:06 <doko> - some other merges from the merge party

 16:06 <doko> - finished packaging the bpf toolchain

 16:06 <doko> - a first look at packaging gcc-11

 16:06 <doko> (done)

 16:06 <bdmurray> waveform:

 16:06 <waveform> * Worked on kbd merge (LP: #1903614)

 16:06 <waveform> * Working on u-boot SRUs (groovy, focal, bionic, LP: #1903054)

 16:06 <waveform> * Proposed fix for bluetooth on Pi400 issue (LP: #1903048)

 16:06 <waveform> * Working on flash-kernel merge (still)

 16:06 <waveform> * Experimented further with "tryboot" facility in upstream pi firmware (pre pi4 tests)

 16:06 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1903614 in kbd (Ubuntu) "Please merge kbd 2.3.0-3 from Debian unstable" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1903614

 16:06 <waveform> * Worked on pibootctl for EEPROM config

 16:06 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1903054 in u-boot (Ubuntu) "[SRU] Please merge u-boot 2020.10+dfsg-1 from Debian unstable" [Undecided,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1903054

 16:06 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1903048 in bluez (Ubuntu Hirsute) "[SRU] Bluetooth won't activate on the pi 400" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1903048

 16:06 <waveform> * SRU'd update-notifier changes (LP: #1836475)

 16:06 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1836475 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu Groovy) "[SRU] update-notifier-common weekly cron job runs at the same time for all computers across the globe" [Undecided,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1836475

 16:06 <waveform> * Writing up DTB boot details on Pi

 16:06 <waveform> (done)

 16:06 <juliank> * followed up on python-apt 2.1.5 sync with some retries

 16:06 <juliank> * merged packagekit 1.2.1 from Debian

 16:06 <juliank> * traded 4 arm64 autopkgtest workers for 1 new armhf one (running 3 lxd containers); to give it a chance to catch up

 16:06 <juliank> * uploaded networkd-dispatcher/2.1-1 to Debian (LP: #1884248) (debian bug 968941)

 16:06 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1884248 in networkd-dispatcher (Ubuntu Groovy) "networkd-dispatcher gives corrupted information" [Undecided,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1884248

 16:06 <juliank> * reviewed grub merge from dannf

 16:06 <ubottu> Debian bug 968941 in networkd-dispatcher "New upstream release v2.1" [Wishlist,Fixed] http://bugs.debian.org/968941

 16:06 <juliank> * +1 maintenance Nov 10/11:

 16:06 <juliank> (to be sent out report)

 16:06 <juliank> (done)

 16:07 <bdmurray> any questions on status?

 16:07 <rbalint> (short week due to holidays)

 16:07 <rbalint> * synced libvpd, lsvpd

 16:07 <rbalint> * merged busybox

 16:07 <rbalint> * got system migrated

 16:07 <rbalint> * collected falsely passing i386 autopkgtest

 16:07 <rbalint> * filed LP: #1903913 and collected stats

 16:07 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1903913 in Auto Package Testing "Don't run tests that never pass (or don't run tests with force-badtest)" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1903913

 16:07 <rbalint> * fixed LP: #1891686 in a different way, to fix glibc's riscv64 build and realize that it needs a new unrelated update to fix it

 16:07 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1891686 in dpkg (Ubuntu) "Please default to nocheck on riscv64" [Undecided,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1891686

 16:07 <doko> system or systemd?

 16:07 <rbalint> * collected new round of glibc fixes to land to Hirsute: LP: #1902955, LP: #1899800, and fixing riscv64's libc6-prof build

 16:07 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1902955 in glibc (Ubuntu) "package libc6:amd64 2.31-0ubuntu9.1 failed to install/upgrade: package libc6:amd64 2.31-0ubuntu9.1 cannot be configured because libc6:i386 is at a different version (2.27-3ubuntu1.3)" [Undecided,Incomplete] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1902955

 16:07 <rbalint> (done)

 16:07 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1899800 in glibc (Ubuntu Groovy) "Runtime deadlock: pthread_cond_signal failed to wake up pthread_cond_wait due to a bug in undoing stealing" [Medium,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1899800

 16:07 <rbalint> doko, heh, systemd :-)

 16:08 <bdmurray> #topic Release Incoming Bugs

 16:08 <rbalint> i have a hard time not to type systemd all the time

 16:08 <bdmurray> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-hh-incoming-bug-tasks.html

 16:08 <bdmurray> bug 1903849 we should take

 16:08 <ubottu> bug 1903849 in vim (Ubuntu) "vim ftbfs" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1903849

 16:08 <bdmurray> and it should probably queue jump

 16:08 <doko> somebody touched in a merge party ;p

 16:09 <xnox> vim ftbfs are bad, it manages to entagle with _everything_

 16:09 <bdmurray> I know who touched it and that it ftbfs

 16:10 <bdmurray> Somebody retried it a whole bunch for me

 16:10 <bdmurray> bug 1901043 lets pass on again

 16:10 <ubottu> bug 1901043 in ubiquity (Ubuntu) "No sound in ubiquity-dm with nomodeset" [Medium,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1901043

 16:10 <bdmurray> bug 1902025 is already carded

 16:10 <ubottu> bug 1902025 in update-manager (Ubuntu Hirsute) "hwe kernel not scoped under "Ubuntu Base"" [Low,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1902025

 16:10 <bdmurray> bug 1903567

 16:10 <ubottu> bug 1903567 in apport (Ubuntu Bionic) "/usr/share/apport/apport:AttributeError:/usr/share/apport/apport@447:parse_arguments:print_usage:_print_message" [Undecided,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1903567

 16:11 <rbalint> it is mine already

 16:11 <rbalint> the previous one, i mean

 16:11 <bdmurray> This is a follow on bug to an incorrect number of arguments bug

 16:11 <bdmurray> This is an issue with the executablepath having a space in it

 16:11 <bdmurray> So worth taking but not an immediate priority

 16:12 <rbalint> +1 for taking

 16:12 <bdmurray> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-gg-incoming-bug-tasks.html

 16:12 <rbalint> space in path occurs more often on wsl

 16:13 <bdmurray> the first 3 are known

 16:13 <bdmurray> bug 1902260

 16:13 <ubottu> bug 1902260 in cloud-images "systemd-detect-virt is missing on Groovy EC2 AMI" [Undecided,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1902260

 16:13 <bdmurray> I feel like we talked about this before

 16:14 <xnox> yet not carded?

 16:14 <rbalint> yes, i think we should take it but i opened it

 16:14 <bdmurray> Oh somebody was going to talk to CPC about it. Does that sound right?

 16:15 <rbalint> i did and they confirmed it

 16:15 <bdmurray> Okay, so let's card that

 16:16 <bdmurray> bug 1898342 can just be closed

 16:16 <ubottu> bug 1898342 in grub-installer (Ubuntu) "Bootloader install failed" [Undecided,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1898342

 16:16 <bdmurray> xnox: can you do that?

 16:16 <bdmurray> bug 1899026

 16:16 * juliank already did

 16:16 <ubottu> bug 1899026 in update-manager (Ubuntu Groovy) "Add proxy auto detect support" [Undecided,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1899026

 16:17 <juliank> Carded already

 16:17 <bdmurray> Ah, indeed

 16:17 <bdmurray> bug 1903351 has a patch

 16:17 <ubottu> bug 1903351 in procps (Ubuntu) "ignore_eacces and ignore_erofs patches don't work properly" [Undecided,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1903351

 16:19 <rbalint> +1 for taking it

 16:19 <bdmurray> okay, so lets card that

 16:19 <bdmurray> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ff-incoming-bug-tasks.html

 16:19 <bdmurray> bug 1900390 seems similar to the distro-info-data and pip issue

 16:19 <ubottu> bug 1900390 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu) "do-release-update hangs from use of user $PATH (specifically 'npm which')" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1900390

 16:20 <bdmurray> I think it'd make sense to take that in conjunction with the pip issue

 16:20 <bdmurray> i.e. SRU them together

 16:20 <xnox> nodejs

 16:21 <xnox> pip for the wrong language

 16:21 <bdmurray> I'll card and take that

 16:22 <bdmurray> bug 1902760 we said would probably get pulled in with 2.34

 16:22 <ubottu> bug 1902760 in binutils (Ubuntu) "Please merge linker bugfix into Ubuntu 20.04 LTS" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1902760

 16:22 <bdmurray> bug 1899372

 16:22 <ubottu> bug 1899372 in grub2 (Ubuntu) "update-grub 10_linux_zfs fails when /usr is a separate filesystem" [Undecided,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1899372

 16:23 <bdmurray> So its about zfs and having /usr as a separate file system

 16:23 <bdmurray> Correct?

 16:26 <doko> that binutils fix is not yet on the 2.34 branch

 16:26 <bdmurray> So this is an abnormal setup and we'll pass on fixing it. I guess it might be something for the desktop team.

 16:27 <bdmurray> ah, in that case perhaps we should card it so we don't lose track of it

 16:27 <bdmurray> that's bug 1902760 which needs carding

 16:27 <ubottu> bug 1902760 in binutils (Ubuntu) "Please merge linker bugfix into Ubuntu 20.04 LTS" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1902760

 16:28 <bdmurray> #topic Team proposed-migration report

 16:28 <bdmurray> #link http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs

 16:29 <bdmurray> This is a bit daunting

 16:29 <sil2100> The list is huge, I don't know how we can plan on tackling this in the current form

 16:29 <rbalint> jut go in order

 16:30 <sil2100> By this I mean, we'd only have to assign part of the list

 16:30 <sil2100> Since no way we can assign all the items to people

 16:31 <bdmurray> Some of the list seems out of date too as my apport upload from yesterday evening isn't showing up

 16:31 <doko> python3-defaults, I talked with sil2100 about it

 16:31 <sil2100> python3-defaults - me and doko are looking at it, I'll try tackling this a bit later

 16:32 <slyon> this netplan.io / glib2.0 looks like a flaky test and should be retried

 16:32 <sil2100> binutils - that's also on you doko?

 16:34 <sil2100> aptdaemon - juliank? Is it something on your radar?

 16:34 <sil2100> boost1.71, whenever I see boost I think xnox

 16:35 <doko> sil2100: it's just waiting ...

 16:35 <sil2100> Ah, misread! Right, moving ooon

 16:36 <sil2100> bison has something that's not only the cross-toolchain-base, any voluneers for the cmake regressioins?

 16:36 <slyon> I can look into cmake

 16:37 <sil2100> dbus-python! Lots of various failures

 16:37 <juliank> I'll retry the aptdaemon ones, they shouldn't be failing, later ones aren't either, but let's wait for results from ubuntu35

 16:37 <tdaitx> I will take dbus-python

 16:37 <doko> gvfs is a retry

 16:38 <sil2100> tdaitx: \o/

 16:38 <sil2100> libcgi-pm-perl has a libcgi-application-plugin-authentication-perl regression, if no one looked into that I guess I could take it?

 16:39 <sil2100> Ok, it's mine then

 16:39 <doko> perl would need somebody who's looking at all the test failures

 16:40 <sil2100> Yeah, lots of those, is this handled by the +1 maintenance team?

 16:41 <sil2100> Let's move on

 16:41 <sil2100> lintian - is this on anyone's plate right now? Any volunteers?

 16:42 <doko> needs security team review

 16:43 <sil2100> For the test regressions? Those look like timeouts, hm

 16:43 <sil2100> The livecd-rootfs looks like it needs a retrigger, let me do that

 16:44 <sil2100> lxml regressions (html5lib and pandas) - who wants to look?

 16:45 <rbalint> sil2100, i take it

 16:45 <sil2100> rbalint: thanks!

 16:46 <sil2100> ncurses - I see the crash and trafficserver would need someone to take a look

 16:46 <sil2100> If there are no grand plans for those, I could take a look

 16:48 <sil2100> netbase, mercurial regression - who wants it?

 16:48 <sil2100> bdmurray: you feel like poking on it? (assigning random!)

 16:48 <tdaitx> sil2100: I can take netbase

 16:48 <sil2100> tdaitx: ...SOLD!

 16:48 <sil2100> Thanks o/

 16:49 <sil2100> openssh has two regressions, libssh and sshuttle - is anyone looking at it?

 16:50 <sil2100> xnox: ? Or maybe bdmurray this time? ;)

 16:50 <bdmurray> I can look at ssh

 16:51 <sil2100> Thank you

 16:51 <sil2100> Ok, I'd recommend stopping here, I think we have enough for now

 16:51 <sil2100> What do you guys think?

 16:52 <bdmurray> wfm

 16:52 <slyon> I'd just want to ask anybody to retry netplan: https://autopkgtest.ubuntu.com/packages/n/netplan.io/hirsute/arm64

 16:52 <sil2100> hm hm, did I retry that already?

 16:52 <sil2100> Please don't press retry yet, I need to check if I didn't do that just some moments ago

 16:53 <sil2100> I'll handle it

 16:53 <slyon> that was another test/arch, no? This one is new, there is no retry in the list.

 16:53 <slyon> thank you

 16:53 <bdmurray> #topic AOB

 16:53 <bdmurray> I'm out tomorrow

 16:53 <sil2100> slyon: well, it's not visible until the tests are finished

 16:53 <sil2100> slyon: which is a bit unfortunate! Since you can have multiple people retrying since they don't know that a retry is already in progress ;/

 16:54 <sil2100> slyon: lookin at my browser history it looks like I retried it earlier

 16:54 <sil2100> So we should be seeing it in a while

 16:54 <slyon> oh ok. thanks

 16:55 <rbalint> i'll upload glibc again to hirsute tomorrow

 16:56 <rbalint> juliank,i guess there is little chance to fix  LP:# 1903913 before that, right?

 16:57 <juliank> rbalint: There's not much point uploading I suppose, builders are away tomorrow

 16:57 <juliank> I can upload a new apt 2.1.12 and sync it

 16:57 <juliank> but nothing will migrate

 16:58 <doko> juliank: no, Nov 20?

 16:58 <juliank> oh

 16:58 <juliank> I'm off by a week

 16:58 <juliank> Oh I'm also on the wrong bug

 16:59 <rbalint> wrong meeting as well ? :-)

 16:59 <bdmurray> Thanks everybody

 16:59 <bdmurray> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)