== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting: DMB meeting, 10 Feb at 14:59 &mdash; 15:22 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2020/ubuntu-meeting.2020-02-10-14.59.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Review of previous action items ===
The discussion about "Review of previous action items" started at 15:00.

 * '''slashd handsome_feng Email interview''' (15:00)
 * '''re-election''' (15:04)
  * ''Vote:'' Please vote on: (dgadomski) SRU Developer (Carried)



== Vote results ==

 * [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2020/ubuntu-meeting.2020-02-10-14.59.log.html#51 Please vote on: (dgadomski) SRU Developer]]
  * Motion carried (For/Against/Abstained 4/0/0)
   *  Voters rbasak, slashd, sil2100, cyphermox



== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * slashd (31)
 * rbasak (19)
 * meetingology (12)
 * sil2100 (8)
 * dgadomski (4)
 * cyphermox (3)
 * ivoks (1)
 * mfo (1)
 * ddstreet (1)



== Full Log ==


 14:59 <slashd> #startmeeting DMB meeting

 14:59 <meetingology> Meeting started Mon Feb 10 14:59:58 2020 UTC.  The chair is slashd. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 14:59 <meetingology> 

 14:59 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 15:00 <slashd> #topic Review of previous action items

 15:00 <slashd> #subtopic slashd handsome_feng Email interview

 15:00 <slashd> rbasak's endorsement re-validation request seemed to have been answers by most (if not by all) endorser. Currently pending on cyphermox and rbasak's votes.

 15:00 <rbasak> tsimonq2 hasn't replied yet

 15:01 <cyphermox> I will vote today

 15:01 <slashd> rbasak, ok so you prefer to wait for tsimonq2 re-endorsement ?

 15:01 <rbasak> I had been waiting.

 15:01 <slashd> rbasak, all good

 15:01 <rbasak> I guess I can continue without, if he doesn't get back to us.

 15:02 <rbasak> Let's give people some reasonable amount of time to respond.

 15:02 <rbasak> Say a week? I'm not sure how long it's been.

 15:02 <rbasak> I'd also like to update the application process page to avoid this situation occurring again.

 15:02 <rbasak> Which I intend to JFDI, if people are fine with that.

 15:02 <slashd> JFDI ?

 15:03 <slashd> I'm bad with acronym

 15:03 <rbasak> Just ... and Do It.

 15:03 <slashd> gotcha

 15:03 <slashd> rbasak, ok let's give it til friday then ?

 15:03 <rbasak> Well, with no and.

 15:03 <sil2100> My vote for handsome_feng is still valid if anything

 15:04 <rbasak> Yes, OK.

 15:04 <slashd> rbasak, good thanks

 15:04 <slashd> #subtopic  re-election

 15:04 <slashd> anything to add on this ?

 15:04 <rbasak> The nomination period ends soon

 15:04 <rbasak> I would like more nominations

 15:05 <rbasak> Please be self-nominating

 15:05 <slashd> if you are a coredev or MOTU ^

 15:06 <slashd> I guess that's all we had in term of items to discussed, unless someone have something to add, we have 1 applicant today, Dariusz Gadomski (dgadomski). He is applying for the SRU Developer application.

 15:06 <slashd> dgadomski, can you introduce yourself ?

 15:07 <dgadomski> sure

 15:07 <slashd> wiki page: https://wiki.ubuntu.com/dgadomski/UbuntuSRUDeveloperApplication

 15:07 <dgadomski> Hi. I'm Dariusz. I work for Canonical. I am a member of the Sustaining Engineering team where I mainly work on bugs reported by Ubuntu Advantage customers. I'm applying for SRU developer.

 15:07 <slashd> Do you guys have question for Dariusz ?

 15:09 <cyphermox> I do not

 15:09 <rbasak> dgadomski: how do you find the SRU process? Is there anything you would change?

 15:11 <dgadomski> rbasak: I have seen it working well for years, I haven't noticed problems with the process itself, I'm not sure how that would fit in the process but maybe extending the number of people testing -proposed would bring an improvement

 15:12 <rbasak> OK, thanks!

 15:12 <rbasak> I have no more questions.

 15:13 <sil2100> dgadomski: I have one question:

 15:13 <slashd> I don't have question for Dariusz.

 15:15 <sil2100> dgadomski: actually... looking at the upload history I already got my answer! Nevermind then ;)

 15:15 <sil2100> No questions from me

 15:16 <slashd> sil2100, lol

 15:16 <slashd> seems like we are done with questions

 15:16 <slashd> let's vote

 15:16 <slashd> #vote Please vote on: (dgadomski) SRU Developer

 15:16 <meetingology> Please vote on: Please vote on: (dgadomski) SRU Developer

 15:16 <meetingology> Public votes can be registered by saying +1, +0 or -1 in channel, (for private voting, private message me with 'vote +1/-1/+0 #channelname)

 15:16 <slashd> #voterequired 4

 15:17 <sil2100> (wanted to ask about SRU requirements re: devel work, but then again I see the applicant already demonstrates the required knowledge)

 15:17 <sil2100> ;)

 15:17 <slashd> sil2100, and it's a sru developer application, we don't expect much devel work w/ that application

 15:18 <sil2100> Yeah, but it's important to know what the stage of the package should be in devel for a fix to be SRUed

 15:18 <slashd> right

 15:18 <slashd> +1 been working w/ dgadomski for several years, I've witnessed a lot of his work (MIR w/ pcp package, SRU, and other Ubuntu aspect). dgadomski will be a great asset to the SRU developer team.

 15:18 <meetingology> +1 been working w/ dgadomski for several years, I've witnessed a lot of his work (MIR w/ pcp package, SRU, and other Ubuntu aspect). dgadomski will be a great asset to the SRU developer team. received from slashd

 15:19 <rbasak> +1 track record looks good and there are endorsements from recent sponsors

 15:19 <meetingology> +1 track record looks good and there are endorsements from recent sponsors received from rbasak

 15:20 <cyphermox> +1

 15:20 <meetingology> +1 received from cyphermox

 15:20 <rbasak> FWIW, SRUs to three packages in the past year is on the lower boundary of what I'd accept though.

 15:20 <sil2100> +1 (everything solid from the SRU developer POV - for core-dev I'd still like to see more devel work though!)

 15:20 <meetingology> +1 (everything solid from the SRU developer POV - for core-dev I'd still like to see more devel work though!) received from sil2100

 15:20 <slashd> #endvote

 15:20 <meetingology> Voting ended on: Please vote on: (dgadomski) SRU Developer

 15:20 <meetingology> Votes for:4 Votes against:0 Abstentions:0

 15:20 <meetingology> Motion carried

 15:21 <slashd> Congrats dgadomski !

 15:21 <rbasak> However everything I've seen looks diligently done - thank you!

 15:21 <ivoks> congrats dgadomski \o/ :)

 15:21 <ddstreet> congrats dgadomski!

 15:21 <dgadomski> thank you :)

 15:22 <mfo> dgadomski, congrats! o/

 15:22 <slashd> Thanks everyone for joining the meeting, I guess we are done for today !

 15:22 <slashd> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)