== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team, 03 Dec at 16:00 &mdash; 16:42 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2020/ubuntu-meeting.2020-12-03-16.00.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning Round ===
The discussion about "Lightning Round" started at 16:01.


=== Release Incoming Bugs ===
The discussion about "Release Incoming Bugs" started at 16:11.

  * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-hh-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs 
  * ''LINK:'' https://launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/ubuntu-image/1.10+20.10ubuntu3 should have been enough, I know seb wanted to reach out to python-debian to see if the change was intentional but that's a different thing
  * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-gg-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs 
  * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ff-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs 

=== Team proposed-migration report ===
The discussion about "Team proposed-migration report" started at 16:26.

  * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs 

=== AOB ===
The discussion about "AOB" started at 16:40.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * bdmurray (73)
 * vorlon (33)
 * sil2100 (30)
 * rbalint (19)
 * xnox (15)
 * ubottu (15)
 * tdaitx (10)
 * juliank (8)
 * cpaelzer (4)
 * meetingology (3)



== Full Log ==


 16:00 <bdmurray> #startmeeting Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team

 16:00 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Dec  3 16:00:57 2020 UTC.  The chair is bdmurray. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:00 <meetingology> 

 16:00 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 16:01 <sil2100> o/

 16:01 <bdmurray> #topic Lightning Round

 16:01 <bdmurray> echo $(shuf -e vorlon bdmurray xnox tdaitx doko sil2100 rbalint mwhudson juliank waveform slyon)

 16:01 <bdmurray> xnox doko sil2100 bdmurray tdaitx juliank vorlon rbalint slyon mwhudson waveform

 16:01 <bdmurray> xnox: winner

 16:01 <xnox> helping cpc with grub on bionic for a public cloud

 16:01 <xnox> helping cpc with grub on xenial for a public cloud

 16:01 <xnox> UC22 images are not building and publishing, hooray

 16:01 <xnox> sifive images will be built soon too (testing ubuntu-cdimage changes)

 16:01 <xnox> uploaded useradd/adduser for extrausers, however not sure if adduser will need further patches or a revert.

 16:01 <xnox> last 4 working days until end of the decade for me

 16:01 <xnox> submitted kernel patch for https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/linux/+bug/1835660

 16:01 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1835660 in linux (Ubuntu) "initramfs unpacking failed" [High,Triaged]

 16:01 <xnox> filed MIRs for usrmerge and opensbi

 16:02 <xnox> done

 16:02 <xnox> s/not/NOW/

 16:02 <bdmurray> doko:

 16:02 <bdmurray> well he might be out

 16:02 <bdmurray> sil2100: its your turn then

 16:02 <sil2100> - SRU reviews and releases

 16:02 <sil2100> - Prepare branch fixing hint handling in britney

 16:02 <sil2100> - Investigate the ubuntu-canary ubuntu-cdimage build situation

 16:02 <sil2100> * Preparing addition of a new canary image type for ease of publishing

 16:02 <sil2100> - Push and release livecd-rootfs changes to get rid of the 8GB hardcoded UC20 amd64 image size

 16:02 <sil2100> * In the end we decided to decrease that to 3.7 as for UC18/UC16

 16:02 <sil2100> - Reviewing, sponsoring, refactoring some ubiquity/partman-crypto changes from STS

 16:03 <sil2100> - Hint reviews and changes

 16:03 <sil2100> - Running through things needed for 20.04.2, gathering feedback

 16:03 <sil2100> - 20.04.2 touch-base meeting

 16:03 <sil2100> - Coordinating u-boot SRU testing

 16:03 <sil2100> - Emergency containerd security update back-off

 16:03 <sil2100> - HWE meeting

 16:03 <sil2100> - Building first set of candidate UC20 images - will need to re-trigger

 16:03 <sil2100> - Looked into adding appliance qcow2 images for multipass/LXD purposes

 16:03 <sil2100> - Discussions regarding new appliances

 16:03 <sil2100> - Various code reviews

 16:03 <sil2100> - Training

 16:03 <sil2100> - Iterviews

 16:03 <sil2100> (done)

 16:03 <bdmurray> This covers a couple of weeks worth of work minus thanksgiving

 16:04 <bdmurray> verified Groovy, Focal SRUs for LP: #1848829

 16:04 <bdmurray> submitted RT regarding removing some Eoan crash data from the Error Tracker

 16:04 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1848829 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu Hirsute) "distribution upgrade failed due pip install of distro-info" [Low,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1848829

 16:04 <bdmurray> upgraded server from Ubuntu 18.04 LTS to Ubuntu 20.04 LTS

 16:04 <bdmurray> updated job which downloads bug attachments for Focal

 16:04 <bdmurray> fixed team-subscription auditing job

 16:04 <bdmurray> auditing of unsubscribed packages

 16:04 <bdmurray> submitted an lp-grab-attachments patch I'd had cowboyed for years(?)

 16:04 <bdmurray> SRU verification of LP: #1611737

 16:04 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1611737 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu Groovy) "Can't upgrade from a release if ros packages are installed from ROS servers" [Undecided,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1611737

 16:04 <bdmurray> uploaded a fix for check-new-release on i386 (LP: #1901725)

 16:04 <bdmurray> uploaded an SRU of ubuntu-dev-tools which produces python2 ubuntutools (LP: #1892879)

 16:04 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1901725 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu Bionic) "check-new-release-gtk tells i386 users Ubuntu 20.04.1 is available" [Medium,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1901725

 16:04 <bdmurray> sponsored update-notifier Focal SRU for LP: #1836475

 16:04 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1892879 in ubuntu-dev-tools (Ubuntu Bionic) "python-ubuntutools package is empty." [High,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1892879

 16:04 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1836475 in update-notifier (Ubuntu Focal) "[SRU] update-notifier-common weekly cron job runs at the same time for all computers across the globe" [High,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1836475

 16:04 <bdmurray> sponsored debmirror Focal, Groovy SRU for LP: #1906541

 16:04 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1906541 in debmirror (Ubuntu Groovy) "[SRU] command-not-found metadata support" [Undecided,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1906541

 16:04 <bdmurray> uploaded Bionic, Focal SRUs for LP: #1899100

 16:04 <bdmurray> resolved a daisy UnicodeEncodeError crash

 16:04 <bdmurray> discovered / reported apport bug LP: #1906565

 16:04 <bdmurray> uploaded a fix to hirsute for the above

 16:04 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1899100 in whoopsie (Ubuntu Focal) "whoopsie assert failure: double free or corruption (fasttop)" [Undecided,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1899100

 16:04 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1906565 in apport (Ubuntu Groovy) "traceback when running apport as non-root user" [High,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1906565

 16:04 <bdmurray> âœ” done

 16:04 <bdmurray> tdaitx:

 16:05 <bdmurray> how about juliankâ€½

 16:06 <juliank> Not much to say from my side, some grub discussions, and internal stuff

 16:06 <juliank> I also did some small apt changes

 16:06 <juliank> And thought about improving apt-btrfs-snapshot with cooler features

 16:06 <juliank> (done)

 16:06 <bdmurray> vorlon:

 16:07 <vorlon> * 20.04.2 planning discussions

 16:07 <vorlon> * including planning for riscv64 in 20.04.2

 16:07 <vorlon> * proposed-migration work (adding hints, retrying tests, etc)

 16:07 <vorlon> * catching up on my TIL merges

 16:08 <vorlon> (done)

 16:08 <bdmurray> rbasak:

 16:08 <bdmurray> oops

 16:08 <bdmurray> rbalint:

 16:08 <rbalint> (short week due to holidays)

 16:08 <rbalint> * partner work

 16:09 <rbalint> * SRU verifications

 16:09 <rbalint> * internal trainings

 16:09 <rbalint> * discussing the fix for the containerd regression

 16:09 <rbalint> * merged as 246.6-5ubuntu1

 16:09 <rbalint> * helped glibc to migrate finally

 16:09 <rbalint> * +1 maintenance

 16:09 <rbalint> * meetings

 16:09 <rbalint> (done)

 16:09 <bdmurray> slyon is out

 16:09 <bdmurray> waveform is out

 16:11 <bdmurray> any questions on status?

 16:11 <bdmurray> okay moving on

 16:11 <bdmurray> #topic Release Incoming Bugs

 16:12 <bdmurray> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-hh-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 16:12 <bdmurray> bug 1906514

 16:12 <ubottu> bug 1906514 in node-jquery (Ubuntu) "sizzle needs a MIR, or node-jquery needs dropping the recommends" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1906514

 16:13 <rbalint> i guess we should take it

 16:13 <bdmurray> what would the action be for us to write an MIR?

 16:13 <bdmurray> Okay, let's card it

 16:14 <bdmurray> bug 1905735

 16:14 <ubottu> bug 1905735 in python-debian (Ubuntu) "ubuntu-image autopkgtests failing since python-debian 0.1.38" [High,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1905735

 16:14 <bdmurray> Is the python-debian task still valid?

 16:14 <bdmurray> sil2100: ^^?

 16:15 <sil2100> uh

 16:15 <sil2100> THis should be fixed now

 16:15 <bdmurray> Okay, can you clean the bug up if necessary.

 16:15 <bdmurray> bug 1906078

 16:16 <ubottu> bug 1906078 in whoopsie (Ubuntu) "Whoopsie sends bug reports automatically without consent" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1906078

 16:16 <sil2100> https://launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/ubuntu-image/1.10+20.10ubuntu3 should have been enough, I know seb wanted to reach out to python-debian to see if the change was intentional but that's a different thing

 16:16 <bdmurray> sil2100: Okay so let's leave it then

 16:17 <bdmurray> That whoopsie bug doesn't have enough info / isn't clear but its important enough we should investigate it.

 16:17 <bdmurray> So maybe card and queue jump?

 16:17 <rbalint> +1

 16:18 <bdmurray> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-gg-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 16:18 <bdmurray> bug 1902671

 16:18 <ubottu> bug 1902671 in ubiquity (Ubuntu) "First time instasll on raspberry Pi" [Undecided,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1902671

 16:19 <sil2100> Ubiquity? Pi install?

 16:19 <bdmurray> Is this the desktop image it has oemconfig log.

 16:20 <bdmurray> There's very little information in this report.

 16:21 <sil2100> I think we need to ask for more information, since right now this report is a bit useless

 16:22 <bdmurray> I think it might be worth testing the install process and forcing it to crash to see what happens / make sure we get good logs.

 16:22 <bdmurray> Or "first user setup" process.

 16:22 <sil2100> Should we create a card for that?

 16:22 <sil2100> Let me add one to the pi component

 16:23 <bdmurray> Maybe search for arm64 + oem-config bugs and see if there is a real need yet?

 16:23 <bdmurray> I'll do that after the meeting

 16:24 <bdmurray> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ff-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 16:24 <bdmurray> bug 1906250

 16:24 <ubottu> Error: Could not gather data from Launchpad for bug #1906250 (https://launchpad.net/bugs/1906250). The error has been logged

 16:24 <rbalint> it has been already carded in the meantime

 16:25 <bdmurray> okay can you remove the rls-ff-incoming tag then

 16:25 <rbalint> and i'm on it

 16:25 <bdmurray> ?

 16:25 <bdmurray> bug 1906552

 16:25 <ubottu> bug 1906552 in u-boot (Ubuntu) ""Synchronous Abort" handler and reboot loop on rpi" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1906552

 16:25 <rbalint> done

 16:25 <bdmurray> let's card that

 16:26 <tdaitx> apologies for being late, lost the track of time while having lunch

 16:26 <tdaitx> I have my status at hand, let me know if I should email it out

 16:26 <bdmurray> We are pretty far along so I think email would be best.

 16:26 <tdaitx> ack, thanks

 16:26 <bdmurray> #topic Team proposed-migration report

 16:27 <bdmurray> vorlon:

 16:27 <rbalint> tdaitx, but are not late to pick packages to migrate :-)

 16:27 <tdaitx> \o/

 16:27 <rbalint> i'm already dealing with all the perl stuff

 16:28 <vorlon> [LINK] https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs

 16:28 <vorlon> 99 packages needing attention, you slackers

 16:28 <vorlon> but most of them are perl

 16:29 <vorlon> pycurl is stuck on its own though

 16:29 <vorlon> was anyone looking at this one previously?

 16:29 <vorlon> looks like we might have given it to slyon

 16:29 <vorlon> who's not here to report back

 16:29 <vorlon> does someone else want to take it now?

 16:30 <rbalint> juliank touched it!

 16:30 <vorlon> :)

 16:30 <vorlon> juliank: pycurl?

 16:30 <juliank> Did I touch it?

 16:31 <vorlon> dunno; but can you? :)

 16:31 <bdmurray> rbalint threw him right under the ðŸšŒ

 16:31 <juliank> I don't know, maybe

 16:31 <rbalint> juliank, yes, restarted a test :-)

 16:31 <juliank> I really ought to fix the python-apt caused regressions first :)

 16:31 <vorlon> heh

 16:31 <vorlon> agree that this is priority, so maybe mclemenceau wants pycurl

 16:32 <vorlon> then we have pygments which also needs looked at

 16:32 <juliank> I just keep uploading new python-apt versions so it's always down the list :)

 16:33 <vorlon> any volunteers for pygments? xnox?

 16:33 <xnox> urgh

 16:33 <xnox> no

 16:33 <vorlon> haha

 16:33 <vorlon> I'll take it

 16:33 <xnox> i have 4 days left =(

 16:33 <vorlon> python-attrs: xnox?

 16:33 <xnox> ok

 16:33 <xnox> fine

 16:34 <vorlon> aptdaemon blocking fakeroot: bdmurray?

 16:34 <vorlon> (and the related fakeroot blockers)

 16:34 <bdmurray> okay

 16:35 <vorlon> ncurses vs swi-prolog, I uploaded swi-prolog so maybe I should look at this

 16:35 <vorlon> init-system-helpers, crossing fingers that it might just require autopkgtest retries; tdaitx can you look at this one?

 16:35 <tdaitx> yeah, I can take it

 16:36 <vorlon> lvm2 vs libvirt: sil2100 ?

 16:36 <tdaitx> I was going to suggest readline and mime-support

 16:36 <sil2100> Okay!

 16:36 <vorlon> tdaitx: suggest them how? mime-support is migrated

 16:37 <vorlon> I'll look at python3.9 blocking readline

 16:37 <vorlon> and I think everyone has something to work on now for proposed-migration so I'll stop there

 16:38 <tdaitx> hmm, it only looking update-excuses, but yeah, I see now that the package migrated

 16:38 <tdaitx> * I was only

 16:39 <cpaelzer> vorlon: * vs libvirt on arm* is probably just slowness :-/ right now I have no great option other than "we might add a wait" or if we want to be advanced a retry ogic

 16:39 <cpaelzer> on all repro's I tried on canonistack it worked fine

 16:39 <tdaitx> oh wait, I looking at an old tab, forgot to refresh

 16:40 <bdmurray> vorlon: so that's that?

 16:40 <vorlon> cpaelzer: "we might add a wait" - implies the existing test is racy?

 16:40 <vorlon> bdmurray: yes

 16:40 <cpaelzer> vorlon: it seems it is (but only recently)

 16:40 <bdmurray> #topic AOB

 16:40 <cpaelzer> vorlon: if you are ok let this be my problem and I'll add some retry tomorrow to make it more reliable

 16:40 <bdmurray> I'm here tomorrow but with only be working 3 day weeks after that

 16:41 <tdaitx> I will be off on Fridays

 16:42 <bdmurray> Okay, thanks everybody

 16:42 <sil2100> o/

 16:42 <bdmurray> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)