== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status, 12 May at 13:00 &mdash; 13:14 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2020/ubuntu-meeting.2020-05-12-13.00.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Review of previous action items ===
The discussion about "Review of previous action items" started at 13:00.


=== current component mismatches ===
The discussion about "current component mismatches" started at 13:09.

  * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg 
  * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg 
  * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=NEW&assignee_option=none&field.assignee=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir 
  * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir 

=== Any other business? ===
The discussion about "Any other business?" started at 13:12.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * cpaelzer (66)
 * didrocks (7)
 * doko (7)
 * ddstreet (5)
 * joeubuntu (4)
 * meetingology (3)



== Full Log ==


 13:00 <cpaelzer> #startmeeting Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status

 13:00 <meetingology> Meeting started Tue May 12 13:00:27 2020 UTC.  The chair is cpaelzer. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 13:00 <meetingology> 

 13:00 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 13:00 <cpaelzer> #topic Review of previous action items

 13:00 <didrocks> hey

 13:01 <cpaelzer> #1 of last week (and before) was finding a new time for the meeting

 13:01 <cpaelzer> to allow US-west to have a better chance

 13:01 <cpaelzer> in the meantime doko added his availability and 90min after the current time seems to be the best option still

 13:01 <cpaelzer> there was one question sleft

 13:01 <cpaelzer> which is which timezone (and thereby daylight saving we anchor this to)

 13:02 <cpaelzer> so far it is anchored to Europe/Berlin

 13:02 <doko> hi

 13:02 <cpaelzer> and I'd suggest to keep it that way - and opinions to not do so?

 13:02 <didrocks> I’m fine with that (we can adjust for the 2 intermediate weeks when everyone hasn’t switched yet)

 13:02 <cpaelzer> maybe since everone has e.g. US-anchored meetings around that time?

 13:03 <cpaelzer> didrocks: I agree - those two weeks won't hurt too much

 13:03 <cpaelzer> didrocks: also more and more regions stop switching

 13:03 <cpaelzer> and we can revisit if ever this becomes a permanent problem

 13:03 <ddstreet> could anchor it to UTC

 13:03 <cpaelzer> ddstreet: which means it moves for everone all the time :-/

 13:03 <didrocks> cpaelzer: hopefully, Europe will finally do it after last year vote as well :)

 13:03 <cpaelzer> ddstreet: we had that in other meetings and it didn't work well for us

 13:04 <ddstreet> except people who don't use dst, isn't europe dropping it?

 13:04 <cpaelzer> ddstreet: that is the plann

 13:04 <cpaelzer> but who knows

 13:04 <didrocks> (not done yet though)

 13:04 <joeubuntu> 90 minutes later sounds great to me.

 13:04 <cpaelzer> ok - to make progress - I'll shift it by 90min back and keep it in Europe/Berlin - we will revisit if that becomes an issue for anyone

 13:04 <ddstreet> sounds good

 13:04 <cpaelzer> 10 seconds to intervene otherwise this is decided ...

 13:05 <ddstreet> i think your 10 second timer is slow ;)

 13:05 <didrocks> ddstreet: depending on which TZ :p

 13:05 <cpaelzer> hehe

 13:06 <cpaelzer> I was checking who owns the meeting as he is the one changing it for everyone

 13:06 <cpaelzer> doko: seems to be you

 13:06 <cpaelzer> I'd do the wiki update, would you bump the meeting by 90minutes then?

 13:06 <doko> ok

 13:06 <joeubuntu> woot sarnold can join more easily now.

 13:06 <cpaelzer> that was part of why we discussed that

 13:06 <cpaelzer> give me a few secs now

 13:07 <cpaelzer> ok

 13:07 <cpaelzer> topic #2

 13:07 <cpaelzer> I've sent an info to all of you that I'd like to allow the meeting "host" to precheck the links and bug lists and skip agenda-entries if there is nothing

 13:07 <cpaelzer> I just want to make this more efficient for everyone

 13:08 <cpaelzer> the text I sent I'd add to the wiki as well

 13:08 <cpaelzer> unless there are problems with that suggestion

 13:08 <cpaelzer> so are there any?

 13:08 <ddstreet> +1

 13:08 <didrocks> as responded on the email, +1 on that

 13:08 <doko> I assume if someone is forgetting that he is host, we'll have the meeting anyway

 13:09 <joeubuntu> +1

 13:09 <cpaelzer> exactly

 13:09 <doko> ok

 13:09 <cpaelzer> great

 13:09 <cpaelzer> #2 done as well

 13:09 <cpaelzer> thanks

 13:09 <cpaelzer> #topic current component mismatches

 13:09 <cpaelzer> that has a few new entries

 13:09 <cpaelzer> not sure if anyone has context on these thou

 13:09 <cpaelzer> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg

 13:09 <cpaelzer> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg

 13:10 <cpaelzer> freeradius/maas/gpsd/apport are covered afaik

 13:10 <cpaelzer> we only need to talk about the others

 13:10 <cpaelzer> does anyone have background (or feel like your team is responsible to resolve) debian-goodies / kazoo / sphinx / paramiko /libmoox-struct-perl ?

 13:11 <doko> I'll do those, these are perl/foundations

 13:11 <cpaelzer> thanks

 13:11 <cpaelzer> and in general we are early in the cycle and none of these have to be gone this week, but sooner or later they need to be resolved as all of them represent proposed-migration being stalled by mismatches

 13:11 <cpaelzer> great next would be the bug lists

 13:11 <cpaelzer> but here the new fast-path helps

 13:12 <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=NEW&assignee_option=none&field.assignee=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 13:12 <cpaelzer> is empty

 13:12 <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 13:12 <cpaelzer> has one entry that I have taken care of

 13:12 <cpaelzer> no need to stall and we can go right to

 13:12 <cpaelzer> #topic Any other business?

 13:12 <cpaelzer> well, anything?

 13:12 <didrocks> nothing for me

 13:12 <cpaelzer> becasue despite my striving for efficiency I don't wnat to cut anyones right for (text)-speech :-)

 13:13 * cpaelzer is affected by shifting-chars ....

 13:13 <doko> nothing from me

 13:14 <cpaelzer> ok

 13:14 <cpaelzer> lets add the approximate 10 seconds for any last chance

 13:14 <cpaelzer> 5

 13:14 <doko> ahh, you already fixed gpsd

 13:14 <cpaelzer> yes

 13:14 <joeubuntu> nothing for me.

 13:14 <cpaelzer> 3

 13:14 <cpaelzer> 1

 13:14 <cpaelzer> ok

 13:14 <cpaelzer> thanks everyone

 13:14 <cpaelzer> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)