== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status, 27 Oct at 15:31 &mdash; 15:35 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2020/ubuntu-meeting.2020-10-27-15.31.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Review of previous action items ===
The discussion about "Review of previous action items" started at 15:31.


=== current component mismatches ===
The discussion about "current component mismatches" started at 15:32.

  * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg 
  * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg 

=== New MIRs ===
The discussion about "New MIRs" started at 15:32.

  * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=NEW&assignee_option=none&field.assignee=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir 

=== Incomplete bugs / questions ===
The discussion about "Incomplete bugs / questions" started at 15:33.

  * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir 

=== Any other business? ===
The discussion about "Any other business?" started at 15:33.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * cpaelzer (24)
 * meetingology (3)
 * jamespage (2)
 * didrocks1 (2)



== Full Log ==


 15:31 <cpaelzer> #startmeeting Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status

 15:31 <meetingology> Meeting started Tue Oct 27 15:31:16 2020 UTC.  The chair is cpaelzer. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 15:31 <meetingology> 

 15:31 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 15:31 <cpaelzer> #topic Review of previous action items

 15:31 <cpaelzer> we have a mail thread about vendoring ongoing, no further action to resolve here

 15:32 <cpaelzer> everyone who didn't reply to the mail with is opinion yet is begged by me to do so :-)

 15:32 <cpaelzer> #topic current component mismatches

 15:32 <cpaelzer> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg

 15:32 <cpaelzer> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg

 15:32 <cpaelzer> This one is easy

 15:32 <cpaelzer> it looks like last week but s/groovy/hirsute/

 15:32 <cpaelzer> due to hirsute not being fully open yet not much changed

 15:32 <cpaelzer> so (unless you think otherwise) not mcuh to discuss here

 15:32 <cpaelzer> #topic New MIRs

 15:32 <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=NEW&assignee_option=none&field.assignee=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 15:33 <cpaelzer> There was one on Thursday which I handled right away (libbluray)

 15:33 <cpaelzer> nothing else in NEW

 15:33 <cpaelzer> #topic Incomplete bugs / questions

 15:33 <jamespage> (o/)

 15:33 <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 15:33 <cpaelzer> none touched recently

 15:33 <cpaelzer> #topic Any other business?

 15:33 <cpaelzer> you see as promised today will be fast :-)

 15:33 <jamespage> 3 minutes fast - well done

 15:33 <didrocks1> \o/

 15:34 <cpaelzer> worth to have a state summary still which we have now

 15:34 <cpaelzer> did I miss/skip anything that is worth to bring up?

 15:34 <didrocks1> I donâ€™t think so

 15:35 <cpaelzer> ok then, see you in an (even busier) next week ...

 15:35 <cpaelzer> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)