== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team, 13 Aug at 15:00 &mdash; 15:50 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2020/ubuntu-meeting.2020-08-13-15.00.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning rounds ===
The discussion about "Lightning rounds" started at 15:01.


=== Release incoming bugs ===
The discussion about "Release incoming bugs" started at 15:12.

  * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-gg-incoming-bug-tasks.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ff-incoming-bug-tasks.html 

=== Team proposed-migration report ===
The discussion about "Team proposed-migration report" started at 15:30.

  * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs 

=== AOB ===
The discussion about "AOB" started at 15:48.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * vorlon (59)
 * bdmurray (51)
 * xnox (17)
 * rbalint (16)
 * ubottu (15)
 * slyon (15)
 * doko (14)
 * juliank (12)
 * sil2100 (11)
 * waveform (9)
 * tdaitx (7)
 * meetingology (3)
 * ddstreet (1)



== Full Log ==


 15:00 <bdmurray> #startmeeting Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team

 15:00 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Aug 13 15:00:53 2020 UTC.  The chair is bdmurray. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 15:00 <meetingology> 

 15:00 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 15:01 <bdmurray> #topic Lightning rounds

 15:01 <bdmurray> echo $(shuf -e vorlon bdmurray xnox tdaitx doko sil2100 rbalint infinity mwhudson juliank waveform slyon)

 15:01 <bdmurray> doko rbalint slyon juliank vorlon xnox infinity mwhudson tdaitx waveform sil2100 bdmurray

 15:01 <bdmurray> doko wins

 15:03 <bdmurray> rbalint: are you ready?

 15:04 <rbalint> * uploads via Debian: libcec 6.0.2-1, waylandpp 0.2.8-1 (fixes FTBFS on ppc64el), kodi 18.8+dfsg1-1 (sponsoring)

 15:04 <rbalint> * vim FTBFS fix on riscv64

 15:04 <rbalint> * set up now official git packaging repository for update-motd uploaded a bugfix

 15:04 <rbalint> * preparing SRUs for glibc and next upload to groovy

 15:04 <rbalint> * poking proposed packages

 15:04 <rbalint> (done)

 15:04 <doko> oops

 15:04 <doko> - short week, vacation day on Tuesday

 15:04 <doko> - wanted to attend the meeting from the hot pool on the rooftop, but it's raining cats and dogs

 15:04 <doko> - ported the ftbfs-report to python3

 15:04 <doko> - started test rebuilds for focal GCC and python SRU updates. no regressions for the updates, but delaying the uploads until Septemb

 15:04 <doko> er

 15:04 <doko> - filed bug reports for focal fbbfs (main only)

 15:04 <doko> - supposed to do +1 maintenance, but doing stuff instead which I wanted to get done before the vacation

 15:04 <doko> (done)

 15:05 <xnox> slyon:

 15:05 <slyon> - Published "Call for testing: iwd" on discourse

 15:05 <slyon> - Fix ftbfs: netplan.io, procenv, sensible-utils, pexpect

 15:05 <slyon> * pexpect awaiting Debian review, bug #1891196

 15:05 <slyon> * sensible-utils in -proposed, bug #1891193

 15:05 <slyon> - Kicking proposed-migration for sbuild/dpkg

 15:05 <ubottu> bug 1891196 in sensible-utils (Ubuntu) "FTBFS because of porefs=noline,wrap is unrecognized" [Undecided,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1891196

 15:05 <ubottu> bug 1891193 in pexpect (Ubuntu) "FTBFS with Sphinx >= 3.x" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1891193

 15:05 <slyon> - prepared debdiff & test-runner for awscli/botocore/s3transfer SRUs

 15:05 <slyon> * needs review, bug #1867673, bug #1875485, bug #1880999

 15:05 <slyon> === Netplan ===

 15:05 <slyon> - Published "Share your Netplan configuration!" on AskUbuntu

 15:05 <slyon> - Finished Wireguard PR#113, needs review

 15:05 <slyon> - Discussions on "OVS cloud-init first book broken" issue, PR#157

 15:05 <slyon> - Started implementing OVS settings tagging & cleanup

 15:05 <slyon> (done)

 15:05 <ubottu> bug 1867673 in awscli (Ubuntu Xenial) "[SRU] awscli not kept up to date" [Undecided,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1867673

 15:05 <ubottu> bug 1875485 in python-botocore (Ubuntu Xenial) "[SRU] python-botocore out of date" [Undecided,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1875485

 15:05 <ubottu> bug 1880999 in python-s3transfer (Ubuntu) "SRU: bump version to make compatible with upstream awscli requirements" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1880999

 15:05 <juliank> It's me time!

 15:05 <juliank> * more apt http method debugging and fixing

 15:05 <juliank> * fixed grubzfs-testsuite

 15:05 <juliank> * autopkgtest work:

 15:05 <juliank> - rebased

 15:05 <juliank> - brought lxd and cloud workers into sync

 15:05 <juliank> - work on migrating haveged -> rng-tools

 15:05 <juliank> * starting new attempt at os-prober upgrade problem debugging/testing

 15:05 <juliank> * closed LP: #1876737 as invalid following consultation with patch upstream

 15:05 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1876737 in grub2 (Ubuntu) "GRUB refuses to boot a 32-bit kernel when in EFI mode" [Low,Invalid] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1876737

 15:05 <juliank> (done)

 15:05 <bdmurray> vorlon:

 15:06 <vorlon> * proposed-migration: rolling a few packages back (nodejs) and forward (haskell*) to move the icu+ transition closer to finishing

 15:06 <vorlon> * dropped ocaml support from llvm-toolchain-10 on i386 to let ocaml stuff be migratable

 15:06 <vorlon> * NEW package reviews

 15:06 <vorlon> (done)

 15:06 <bdmurray> xnox:

 15:07 <xnox> Better resolved integration & systemd migrated to release

 15:07 <xnox> Rebootstrapped rustc for riscv64 in groovy

 15:07 <xnox> Created groovy FTBFS spreadsheet and started to fix my own ones

 15:07 <xnox> Uploaded one fix for https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/plymouth/+bug/1880250

 15:07 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1880250 in systemd (Ubuntu Groovy) "Ctrl-C message displayed without any actual disk check" [Undecided,Confirmed]

 15:07 <xnox> Worked on fixing snapd preseeding in lxd containers (handed over to lxd team)

 15:07 <xnox> Fixed https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/smc-tools/+bug/1884508

 15:07 <ubottu> Error: Could not gather data from Launchpad for bug #1884508 (https://launchpad.net/bugs/1884508). The error has been logged

 15:07 <xnox> reuploaded microcode-initrd after new reject, with fixes

 15:07 <xnox> done

 15:07 <bdmurray> tdaitx:

 15:07 <tdaitx> * jck-11

 15:07 <tdaitx> - updated docs, compared test runs, investigated initial lxc setup

 15:07 <tdaitx> - reviewing and testing config options

 15:07 <tdaitx> * following up on errors.u.c for openjdk-8

 15:07 <tdaitx> * fixing ftbfs (pyparted, libzstd on the way)

 15:07 <tdaitx> (done)

 15:07 <bdmurray> waveform:

 15:07 <waveform> * Catching up on e-mail after hols!

 15:07 <waveform> * Investigated wifi firmware on core18/core20; update required for core18 (definitely for core18, probably for core20)

 15:07 <waveform> * Attempted to reproduce boot cycle issue on core20 (unsuccessful so far)

 15:07 <waveform> * More bt/wifi testing for appliances

 15:07 <waveform> * Added patches for FTBFS for kbd (LP: #1891316)

 15:07 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1891316 in kbd (Ubuntu) "duplicate "progname" under gcc-10" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1891316

 15:07 <waveform> * and open-iscsi, but that was bumped by a merge fixing it anyway (LP: #1891367)

 15:07 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1891367 in open-iscsi (Ubuntu) "duplicate vars under gcc-10" [Undecided,Invalid] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1891367

 15:07 <waveform> * Testing "new stuff"

 15:07 <waveform> (done)

 15:08 <bdmurray> sil2100:

 15:08 <sil2100> - SRU reviews and releases

 15:08 <sil2100> - DMB meeting

 15:08 <sil2100> - Netplan code reviews

 15:08 <sil2100> - Last week: 20.04.1

 15:08 <sil2100> - Lots and lots of diverse work for 18.04.5 and 16.04.7

 15:08 <sil2100> - Some +1 maintenance

 15:08 <sil2100> - FTBFS fixes

 15:08 <sil2100> - Implementing the constant delivery of gadget snaps

 15:08 <sil2100> - Interviews

 15:08 <sil2100> - Fun with appliance images and new appliances

 15:08 <sil2100> (done)

 15:08 <bdmurray> updated python-bson package in Error Tracker environment

 15:08 <bdmurray> updated raspi imaging info for 20.04.1 LTS

 15:08 <bdmurray> added skimage to the list of "big" packages for autopkgtest

 15:08 <bdmurray> created release tracking discourse post for 18.04.5

 15:08 <bdmurray> updated autopkgtest wiki documentation regarding workers and result.tar

 15:08 <bdmurray> ran node-redis autopkgtests for bryce on arm64 canonistack unit

 15:08 <bdmurray> investigation into upgrade failure in LP: #1886748

 15:08 <bdmurray> point release work

 15:08 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1886748 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu Focal) "upgrade from 18.04 to 20.04 fails to calculate if libomp5 is installed" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1886748

 15:09 <bdmurray> iso testing of Ubuntu Kylin desktop for 16.04.7

 15:09 <bdmurray> ✔ done

 15:09 <bdmurray> Any questions on status?

 15:09 <bdmurray> Oh I have one!

 15:10 <bdmurray> vorlon: re nodejs I was testing some packages with a m1.large unit and they passed before the nodejs version was reverted. Should we still commit that big_packages?

 15:10 <rbalint> slyon, good job on iwd!

 15:10 <slyon> thanks! There is quite some feedback already

 15:11 <rbalint> bdmurray, i think if the likelihood of passing grows enough with large instances it is worth committing

 15:11 <vorlon> bdmurray: yes, since the new nodejs is coming back eventually

 15:11 <vorlon> (hopefully soon)

 15:11 <bdmurray> okay

 15:12 <bdmurray> #topic Release incoming bugs

 15:12 <bdmurray> http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-gg-incoming-bug-tasks.html

 15:12 <bdmurray> bug 1876737 is new

 15:12 <ubottu> bug 1876737 in grub2 (Ubuntu) "GRUB refuses to boot a 32-bit kernel when in EFI mode" [Low,Invalid] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1876737

 15:13 <bdmurray> Well, juliank seems to have taken care of that.

 15:14 <vorlon> well that's easy enough, it's been marked invalid

 15:14 <juliank> Yup

 15:14 <vorlon> yeah

 15:14 <vorlon> (and I agree :)

 15:14 <bdmurray> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ff-incoming-bug-tasks.html

 15:14 <bdmurray> some ftbfs bugs have eneded up here

 15:15 <vorlon> curious

 15:15 <bdmurray> doko you did another test rebuild?

 15:15 <vorlon> were these failures present at release time?

 15:16 <doko> bdmurray: did you *read* my summary?

 15:16 <bdmurray> I was so focused on nodejs I must have missed it

 15:16 <doko> how would you know? they succeeded *brefore* the release

 15:17 <doko> there are clearly some ftbfs which were built using -proposed?

 15:18 <vorlon> strace and xz-utils were on the last test rebuild at https://people.canonical.com/~doko/ftbfs-report/test-rebuild-20200327-focal-focal.html#main, pycurl and cryptsetup were not

 15:18 <vorlon> vim was not

 15:18 <bdmurray> How should we prioritize these compared to the groovy ftbfs?

 15:18 <vorlon> they're lower priority

 15:18 <vorlon> but I think we should card them anyway

 15:19 <bdmurray> Okay, I'll do that later today.

 15:20 <bdmurray> bug 1888033 - you set this to critical

 15:20 <ubottu> bug 1888033 in Ubuntu " Check error with 20.04-desktop ISO" [Critical,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1888033

 15:21 <vorlon> you is apparently xnox

 15:21 <bdmurray> you is always xnox

 15:22 <vorlon> I is?

 15:22 <rbalint> bdmurray, vorlon do we plan doing srus with the focal fixes?

 15:22 <bdmurray> rbalint: for the ftbfs?

 15:22 <rbalint> bdmurray, yes

 15:22 <vorlon> rbalint: these changes are suitable for staging in -proposed and using block-proposed-focal tags, per current SRU policy

 15:23 <vorlon> and this is fairly important so the security team doesn't have to chase build failures as part of doing a security update

 15:23 <bdmurray> Does the security team incorporate changes in -proposed?

 15:24 <xnox> vorlon:  bdmurray: i only respond to vous or You, not lowercase you.

 15:24 <vorlon> they will at least have the opportunity to look there for solutions

 15:24 <vorlon> Vy

 15:24 <bdmurray> xnox: what about YOU‽

 15:24 <xnox> bdmurray:  stop shouting, i am right here

 15:24 <bdmurray> vorlon: okay, but is it part of their process?

 15:24 <xnox> bdmurray:  yes

 15:25 <xnox> i can't remember what, but they did pick it up like that, from me for something

 15:25 <bdmurray> okay, cool

 15:25 <rbalint> vorlon, bdmurray  i do see the benefits, but compared to improving groovy i think it is so low in priority that it is not worth carding/fixing them in advance, just when an update is needed

 15:25 <bdmurray> xnox: so about bug 1888033

 15:25 <ubottu> bug 1888033 in Ubuntu " Check error with 20.04-desktop ISO" [Critical,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1888033

 15:26 <vorlon> rbalint: I'm on the fence about this; I have taken that position in the past, but here there are only 5 of them, I think it's worth putting them in the backlog

 15:26 <vorlon> (but then, I may be culling the backlog again soon)

 15:27 <vorlon> xnox: I don't agree with 'critical' here

 15:29 <xnox> vorlon:  i will respond to the bug soon

 15:30 <bdmurray> #topic Team proposed-migration report

 15:30 <vorlon> [LINK] https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs

 15:31 <vorlon> well it looks better than last week

 15:31 <vorlon> bdmurray: are you still on mpfr4 / python-gmpy2?

 15:32 <bdmurray> There is a new upstream version of python-gmpy2 which needs an NMU upload to Debian.

 15:32 <vorlon> but that doesn't block us from uploading it to Ubuntu in the meantime

 15:32 <bdmurray> I'm not a DD so could use help here.

 15:33 <vorlon> any DDs want to volunteer to NMU?

 15:33 <bdmurray> see debian bug 965001

 15:33 <ubottu> Debian bug 965001 in src:python-gmpy2 "strange version 2.1.0 beta4 fails tests with mpfr4 4.1.0" [Serious,Open] http://bugs.debian.org/965001

 15:33 <doko> well, do the upload in groovy first, and see if it fixes the issue

 15:34 <bdmurray> Okay

 15:35 <vorlon> doko: are you still handling the lintian stuff?  I believe you were taking it because promotions were requixred

 15:36 <doko> vorlon: yes, 2.89 just migrated. not sure what I can still do before my vacation

 15:36 <xnox> huray

 15:36 <vorlon> ah ok, so maybe this is all done

 15:36 <vorlon> xnox: python-werkzeug?

 15:36 <rbalint> lintian must be much better being a long test

 15:36 <vorlon> ah you're asking for a removal

 15:36 <vorlon> I'll follow up

 15:37 <vorlon> gce-compute-image-packages: rbalint: is this still blocked on MIRs?

 15:37 <xnox> vorlon:  needs removal. sadly.

 15:38 <xnox> yeah.

 15:38 <rbalint> vorlon, yes, i'm on it

 15:38 <vorlon> ok

 15:38 <vorlon> icu... still in progress, this should be all hands on deck for +1 maintenance...

 15:38 <vorlon> which takes us down to openjdk-8 blocking gcups

 15:38 <vorlon> cups

 15:39 <vorlon> doko commented before that it's wrong for britney to have a custom trigger here

 15:39 <vorlon> nevertheless, someone needs to fix something

 15:39 <vorlon> tdaitx: can you take a look and figure out what's needed?

 15:40 <tdaitx> vorlon: yeah, needs to be blacklisted

 15:41 <vorlon> lapack seems to be new vs last week

 15:41 <vorlon> waveform: would you like this one?

 15:41 <waveform> vorlon, sure

 15:42 <vorlon> libsereal-decoder-perl: maybe just needs a retest with new lintian?  I'll follow up

 15:42 <rbalint> vorlon, i retried

 15:42 <vorlon> rbalint: ok

 15:43 <vorlon> rbalint: but I'll claim it nevertheless for followup :)

 15:43 <rbalint> vorlon, :-)

 15:43 <vorlon> python-future depends on sphinx which has autopkgtest regressions

 15:43 <vorlon> slyon: would you care to take this one?

 15:43 <slyon> vorlon: yes I will

 15:43 <vorlon> (I'll retrigger the failing tests now)

 15:44 <vorlon> glibc blocking audit... rbalint, any insight?

 15:44 <rbalint> glibc test is broken, i file a hint

 15:44 <vorlon> ok

 15:44 <vorlon> systemd migrated

 15:45 <vorlon> gmp just migrated

 15:45 <vorlon> software-properties, ddstreet asked about it on IRC, it's an i386 entanglement; I'll take this

 15:46 <vorlon> and then I think that's it for now

 15:46 <ddstreet> vorlon re: software-properties, https://code.launchpad.net/~ddstreet/livecd-rootfs/+git/livecd-rootfs/+merge/389235

 15:47 * juliank brb

 15:47 <vorlon> ddstreet: I'm not a fan of bypassing modules we have to abstract this in favor of direct url parsing

 15:47 <vorlon> ddstreet: restoring binaries on i386 should be easy; I'll pursue that first

 15:48 <vorlon> bdmurray: anyway, done

 15:48 <bdmurray> #topic AOB

 15:50 <bdmurray> alright, let's wrap it up

 15:50 <bdmurray> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)