== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status, 14 Jul at 14:32 &mdash; 14:42 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2020/ubuntu-meeting.2020-07-14-14.32.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Review of previous action items ===
The discussion about "Review of previous action items" started at 14:33.


=== current component mismatches ===
The discussion about "current component mismatches" started at 14:35.

  * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg 
  * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg 

=== New MIRs ===
The discussion about "New MIRs" started at 14:39.

  * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=NEW&assignee_option=none&field.assignee=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir 

=== Incomplete bugs / questions ===
The discussion about "Incomplete bugs / questions" started at 14:39.

  * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir 

=== Any other business? ===
The discussion about "Any other business?" started at 14:40.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * cpaelzer (42)
 * sarnold (3)
 * jamespage (3)
 * meetingology (3)



== Full Log ==


 14:32 <cpaelzer> #startmeeting Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status

 14:32 <meetingology> Meeting started Tue Jul 14 14:32:55 2020 UTC.  The chair is cpaelzer. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 14:32 <meetingology> 

 14:32 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 14:33 <cpaelzer> #topic Review of previous action items

 14:33 <cpaelzer> none open from last time I remember, but I wasn't here last week - anything open?

 14:34 <cpaelzer> nothing then?

 14:34 <cpaelzer> if we miss any bring it up at the end when we collect misc topics

 14:35 <cpaelzer> #topic current component mismatches

 14:35 <cpaelzer> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg

 14:35 <cpaelzer> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg

 14:35 <cpaelzer> mostly known and/or under control

 14:35 <cpaelzer> uboot still is on waveform IIRC

 14:35 <cpaelzer> yes it is

 14:35 <cpaelzer> qemu -> liburing is in progress and soon ready to be promoted

 14:36 <cpaelzer> a bunch of things depend on the new kernel, but I guess apw will promote that right away - no MIR action

 14:36 <cpaelzer> freetype -> fontrs-material-design-icons-iconfont is the only real new one

 14:36 <cpaelzer> but as we discussed last time these should be fine to be handled by an AA directly (if they are really just a font)

 14:37 <cpaelzer> this came in via auto-sync

 14:37 <cpaelzer> kazoo was on jamespage IIRC, anythig new there?

 14:37 <cpaelzer> or am I even misremembering that one?

 14:38 <jamespage> no you are not

 14:38 <cpaelzer> ok and masakari as well

 14:38 <jamespage> lemme check - it might just be stuck in proposed

 14:38 <cpaelzer> knowing these are with you makes them ok for the team

 14:38 <jamespage> sqla-utils is required

 14:38 <cpaelzer> as this is mostly about assinging new unassigned work

 14:38 <cpaelzer> going on ...

 14:39 <cpaelzer> #topic New MIRs

 14:39 <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=NEW&assignee_option=none&field.assignee=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 14:39 <cpaelzer> only the special OEM types which are handled under the special terms defined for them

 14:39 <cpaelzer> not needed to be checked

 14:39 <cpaelzer> #topic Incomplete bugs / questions

 14:39 <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 14:40 <cpaelzer> nothing new here

 14:40 <cpaelzer> #topic Any other business?

 14:40 <cpaelzer> If only the last 3 weeks before FF ould be so calm :-)

 14:40 <sarnold> :)

 14:41 <cpaelzer> well then, that is it for today

 14:41 <cpaelzer> sarnold: pelase send amurray my thanks for reviewing liburing so fast

 14:41 <sarnold> cpaelzer: will do :)

 14:41 <cpaelzer> not counting out today

 14:41 <cpaelzer> that is it :-)

 14:41 <sarnold> *gasp*

 14:41 <cpaelzer> I'm not around next week

 14:42 <cpaelzer> someone else will need to check if all is still fine then :-)

 14:42 <cpaelzer> ok well

 14:42 <cpaelzer> 7

 14:42 <cpaelzer> 12

 14:42 <cpaelzer> 50

 14:42 <cpaelzer> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)