== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team meeting, started by bdmurray, 29 Jul at 15:00 &mdash; 15:33 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://new.ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2021/ubuntu-meeting.2021-07-29-15.00.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning Round ===

Discussion started by bdmurray at 15:01.


=== Release Incoming Bugs ===

Discussion started by bdmurray at 15:10.

 * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ii-incoming-bug-tasks.html   (bdmurray, 15:10)
 * ''LINK:'' https://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-hh-incoming-bug-tasks.html   (bdmurray, 15:17)
 * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ff-incoming-bug-tasks.html   (bdmurray, 15:18)

=== Team proposed-migration report ===

Discussion started by bdmurray at 15:26.

 * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs   (bdmurray, 15:26)

=== AOB ===

Discussion started by bdmurray at 15:31.




== People present (lines said) ==

 * bdmurray (53)
 * sil2100 (33)
 * ubottu (16)
 * slyon (15)
 * jawn-smith (15)
 * dbungert (12)
 * schopin (12)
 * juliank (11)
 * doko (10)
 * waveform (9)
 * xypron (8)
 * ginggs (8)
 * mclemenceau_ (3)
 * meetingology (2)



== Full log ==


 15:00 <bdmurray> #startmeeting Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team

 15:00 <meetingology> Meeting started at 15:00:58 UTC.  The chair is bdmurray.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 15:01 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 15:01 <bdmurray> #topic Lightning Round

 15:01 <bdmurray> echo $(shuf -e vorlon bdmurray doko sil2100 mwhudson juliank waveform slyon jawn-smith dbungert xypron ginggs schopin)

 15:01 <bdmurray> xypron bdmurray vorlon waveform slyon ginggs dbungert sil2100 jawn-smith schopin juliank mwhudson doko

 15:01 <xypron> #1938446 Enable CONFIG_CMD_EFIDEBUG, CONFIG_CMD_NVEDIT_EFI, CONFIG_HEXDUMP

 15:01 <xypron> #1938438 sbsigntool does not build on riscv64

 15:01 <xypron> #1938324 gnu-efi does not support RISC-V

 15:01 <xypron> build in gnu-efi in ppa

 15:01 <xypron> #1937868 linux-riscv: booting the kernel via the EFI stub with large initrd fails

 15:02 <xypron> Building a ppa for OpenJDK with RISC-V JIT compiler

 15:02 <xypron> I am currently trying to build all tools needed for U-Boot Shim GRUB boot via UEFI on RISC-V

 15:02 <xypron> eom

 15:02 <bdmurray> modified the daisy code to no longer accept core files from arches we don't retrace

 15:02 <bdmurray> submitted RT regarding cleaning up the weird cores that got added to swift

 15:03 <bdmurray> modified daisy code to stop accepting groovy crashes

 15:03 <bdmurray> fixed a Traceback with retracers when writing to cassandra a SAS w/ unicode

 15:03 <bdmurray> submitted RT to add my self to prod-cnf-extractor group on wendigo

 15:03 <bdmurray> uploaded an SRU of ubuntu-release-upgrader fixing LP: #1936698

 15:03 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1936698 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu Hirsute) "check-new-release-gtk crashed with ValueError in require_version(): Namespace Gtk is already loaded with version 4.0" [High, Fix Committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1936698

 15:03 <bdmurray> built a new Ubuntu Core image for Intel IoT project

 15:03 <bdmurray> updated meta-release files for Groovy EoL and Libera.Chat

 15:03 <bdmurray> reported and uploaded an impish fix for LP: #1937852

 15:03 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1937852 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu Focal) "Release Annoucements refer to Freenode" [Medium, Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1937852

 15:03 <bdmurray> Groovy EoL work

 15:03 <bdmurray> updated hirsute upgrade information re Apple hardware

 15:03 <bdmurray> âœ” done

 15:04 <bdmurray> waveform:

 15:04 <waveform> * Worked on wifi failure on first boot of focal .3 daily images on pi3 under arm64 (missing wpa-supplicant process; possible race)

 15:04 <waveform> * Sponsored u-boot focal SRU for opensbi risc-v fixes (LP: #1936370, LP: #1937277)

 15:04 <waveform> * Tested pi's camera module under updated userland build for impish (armhf only)

 15:04 <waveform> * Investigated (briefly) reprotest failure of rtimulib in debian (sense hat dep)

 15:04 <waveform> * Worked on ubuntu-release-upgrader quirk for migration from u-boot (not using pibootctl itself anymore, but will grab minimal code necessary from it)

 15:04 <waveform> * Interview

 15:04 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1936370 in u-boot (Ubuntu Focal) "u-boot-sifive does not upgrade u-boot on disk" [Critical, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1936370

 15:04 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1937277 in opensbi (Ubuntu) "[SRU] OpenSBI 0.9 backport to Focal" [Undecided, In Progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1937277

 15:04 <waveform> * Documentation workshop

 15:04 <waveform> (done)

 15:04 <slyon> - Interviews & Take-home tests

 15:04 <slyon> - some proposed-migration

 15:04 <slyon> - Discussion with Networking PM

 15:04 <slyon> - filed LP: #1938404 about wlroots vs phoc transition

 15:04 <slyon> - Investigating LP: #1895192, though I root-caused it

 15:04 <slyon> + figured out how to setup/install an s390x LPAR, can reproduce the issue

 15:04 <slyon> + but it turned out I didn't find the root cause :(

 15:04 <slyon> + prepared an MP for curtin, which turned out to not fix the problem..

 15:04 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1938404 in wlroots (Ubuntu) "Phoc is not (yet) compatible with wlroots >= 0.13" [Undecided, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1938404

 15:04 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1895192 in Ubuntu on IBM z Systems "Optimistic approach of using zkey for encrypted installations on s390x not working" [High, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1895192

 15:04 <slyon> === Netplan ===

 15:04 <slyon> - Reviewed & merged schopin's Gateway consolidation PR#216

 15:04 <slyon> - Reviewed & merged CLI fix from community member PR#221

 15:04 <slyon> (done)

 15:04 <ginggs> * sponsored opensbi/0.9-2~ubuntu0.20.04.1 SRU

 15:04 <ginggs> * sponsored opencryptoki/3.16.0+dfsg-0ubuntu1

 15:04 <ginggs> * merged mdadm/4.2~rc1-1ubuntu1

 15:04 <ginggs> * sponsored valgrind/1:3.17.0-0ubuntu2

 15:04 <ginggs> * currently looking again at tasksel merge

 15:04 <ginggs> or rather, how to avoid a tasksel merge and get oem-config-debconf out of main instead

 15:04 <ginggs> (done)

 15:04 <dbungert> * evdi vs glibc - trivial retest on s390x passed

 15:05 <dbungert> * subiquity - work on /reboot API and testing strategies for asyncio code

 15:05 <dbungert> * +1

 15:05 <dbungert> * breezy - per LP: #1932313, there is a bad commit present in python3.9.6.

 15:05 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1932313 in breezy (Ubuntu) "Breezy 3.2.0+bzr7543-1 FTBFS" [Undecided, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1932313

 15:05 <dbungert> Pass in debian is on python 3.9.2.  Extracted test case from mailing list

 15:05 <dbungert> but mailing list case is slightly different and reproduces different

 15:05 <dbungert> problems.  Python upstream dev branch still has issue.  Going back to old

 15:05 <dbungert> python exposes further build problems.

 15:05 <dbungert> * delve - trace arm64 build failure to feature introduced this version and

 15:05 <dbungert> possible kernel version behavior.  Continuing testing to verify my claim

 15:05 <dbungert> that this is kernel related.

 15:05 <dbungert> (done)

 15:05 <sil2100> * Friday: hardware failure, most of the day spent recovering and reinstalling

 15:05 <sil2100> * SRU reviews and releases

 15:05 <sil2100> * 20.04.3:

 15:05 <sil2100> - Weekly meeting, status update

 15:05 <sil2100> - Chasing down some required changes, preparations begin

 15:05 <sil2100> * Worked on a better way of performing retries for ESM britney

 15:05 <sil2100> * Investigated report of ESM britney not being accessible - false alarm

 15:05 <sil2100> * Started rebase of the private-tests ADT infra branch, cleanup

 15:05 <sil2100> * cdimage simplestreams:

 15:05 <sil2100> - Discussed stream signing with the CPC team

 15:05 <sil2100> - Tweaks to the specification per recent discoveries

 15:05 <sil2100> - Coded a bit

 15:05 <sil2100> * Ubuntu Core sync

 15:05 <sil2100> * A lot of manual work to get the UC22 builds working - not there yet

 15:05 <sil2100> - Prepared the snap-core22 project, set up the mirrored git branch

 15:05 <sil2100> - Prepared initial UC22 pi gadgets, requested the 22/ track

 15:06 <sil2100> - Filled various LP tickets to unblock changes to both the pi 22 and core22 snaps

 15:06 <sil2100> * Help in investigating live-build weirdness for William

 15:06 <sil2100> - Same old mount --bind issue with /dev, pushed the fix out to impish and backported to focal

 15:06 <sil2100> * ubuntu-image:

 15:06 <sil2100> - Reviewed ubuntu-image Go rewrite state machine PR from William

 15:06 <sil2100> - Discussed way forward re: ubuntu-image

 15:06 <sil2100> - Started reviewing the initial states PR

 15:06 <sil2100> * Reviewed and deployed debian-cd and ubuntu-cdimage changes for Michael

 15:06 <sil2100> * Reviewed some livecd-rootfs changes for support of the iotg platforms for Brian

 15:06 <bdmurray> sil2100: backported to focal already?

 15:06 <sil2100> * Poked around about groovy EOL

 15:06 <sil2100> * Helped reverting a broken ubuntu-advantage-tools from -updates to -proposed

 15:06 <sil2100> (done)

 15:07 <jawn-smith> * SRU verification for u-boot:

 15:07 <jawn-smith> * LP: #1923162

 15:07 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1923162 in u-boot (Ubuntu Hirsute) "riscv64 images fail to boot in qemu" [Critical, Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1923162

 15:07 <jawn-smith> * LP: #1924761

 15:07 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1924761 in u-boot (Ubuntu Focal) "unleashed fails to boot of sd-card with u-boot-sifive from hirsute" [Undecided, Fix Released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1924761

 15:07 <jawn-smith> * LP: #1934791

 15:07 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1934791 in u-boot (Ubuntu Focal) "SRU u-boot to focal to enable HiFive Unmatched booting" [Undecided, Fix Released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1934791

 15:07 <jawn-smith> * Investigating debsig-verify regression in release

 15:07 <jawn-smith> * Thanks bdmurray for hinting this one to unblock glibc

 15:07 <jawn-smith> * Re-write ubuntu-image in go:

 15:07 <jawn-smith> * New state machine design PR merged

 15:07 <jawn-smith> * New PR opened for image preparation states

 15:07 <jawn-smith> * Also have load_gadget_yaml state implemented but not included in PR yet

 15:07 <jawn-smith> * Have rootfs population states partially implemented, needs more work and test cases

 15:07 <jawn-smith> * Thanks sil2100 for fixing livecd-rootfs to enable github-action to work

 15:07 <jawn-smith> [done]

 15:07 <schopin> * netplan: Finished the gateway consolidation work (PR#126)

 15:07 <schopin> * openssl:

 15:07 <schopin> + s390x EVP bugfixes uploaded (thank you Gunnar), waiting on SRUs (LP #1931994)

 15:07 <schopin> + openssl3: preparing a mass-upload of the build-rdeps to the PPA

 15:07 <schopin> * valgrind: backported a patchset implementing s390x z15 instruction set support,

 15:07 <schopin> thank you ginggs (LP #1853271)

 15:07 <schopin> * opencryptoki:

 15:07 <schopin> + started work on backporting invalid key checking patch for SRUs (LP #1928780)

 15:07 <schopin> -> waiting on repro case from patch authors

 15:07 <schopin> + packaged new version for Impish, uploaded by ginggs (LP #1928767)

 15:07 <schopin> * mosquitto: patched the unit test suite to be endianness-agnostic, yet to be upstreamed.

 15:07 <schopin> (done)

 15:08 <juliank> * continued verification of shim SRUs

 15:08 <juliank> * sponsored fwupd/focal another time; more fwupd-signed fixing

 15:08 <juliank> * minor shim review and pull request triaging

 15:08 <juliank> * released apt 2.3.7:

 15:08 <juliank> - exponential backoff for retries

 15:08 <juliank> - bug fixes

 15:08 <juliank> (done)

 15:08 <bdmurray> doko:

 15:09 <doko> - day off

 15:09 <doko> - GCC 11.2 release, currently looking at ftbfs on amd64

 15:09 <doko> - OpenJDK security updates

 15:09 <doko> - interview

 15:09 <doko> (done)

 15:09 <bdmurray> any questions on status?

 15:10 <bdmurray> #topic Release Incoming Bugs

 15:10 <bdmurray> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ii-incoming-bug-tasks.html

 15:10 <bdmurray> bug 1936710

 15:10 <ubottu> Bug 1936710 in glibc (Ubuntu) "malloc() unaligned tcache chunk detected" [High, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1936710

 15:11 <bdmurray> doko that's something we should fix I guess?

 15:12 <bdmurray> let's go ahead and card that

 15:12 <mclemenceau_> ok will do

 15:13 <bdmurray> bug 1937115

 15:13 <ubottu> Bug 1937115 in cd-boot-images-amd64 (Ubuntu) "Unable to boot/install Impish daily in UEFI boot mode" [Undecided, Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1937115

 15:13 <doko> bdmurray, right, but I've only seen that on real hardware. didn't had the time to follow-up

 15:15 <bdmurray> juliank: it looks like you have a work around for this in shim now. Are we still missing information?

 15:15 <juliank> yes

 15:15 <juliank> like we want a proper fix too

 15:16 <mclemenceau_> sounds like we should probably card that one

 15:16 <bdmurray> but people can't get debugging info until they have a new shim?

 15:16 <juliank> no, people can get efibootmgr -v output and stuff

 15:17 <juliank> I need to see the bytes that get passed to shim, I'm not entirely sure, but think this should work

 15:17 <bdmurray> Could you clarify that in the bug report?

 15:17 <bdmurray> mclemenceau_: yes, let's card this

 15:17 <mclemenceau_> done

 15:17 <sil2100> It's also something we'd need to address for .3, possibly

 15:17 <bdmurray> #link https://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-hh-incoming-bug-tasks.html

 15:18 <slyon> empty

 15:18 <bdmurray> sil2100: ah, good point

 15:18 <bdmurray> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ff-incoming-bug-tasks.html

 15:18 <bdmurray> so the shim one should queue jump to selected for development

 15:18 <bdmurray> bug 1936871

 15:18 <ubottu> Bug 1936871 in squashfs-tools (Ubuntu) "review-tools unsquashfs test fails on focal for a snap built on xenial" [Critical, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1936871

 15:19 <sil2100> I just checked and I don't see the two test machines as certified, but still

 15:19 <sil2100> I wouldn't want us to introduce boot regressions for any machines if possible

 15:21 <bdmurray> It looks like there is a workaround for bug 1936871 but we should still sort it out. So let's card it and somebody check with Daniel re whether they have a workaround or not so we can prioritze it appropriately.

 15:21 <ubottu> Bug 1936871 in squashfs-tools (Ubuntu) "review-tools unsquashfs test fails on focal for a snap built on xenial" [Critical, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1936871

 15:21 <sil2100> +1

 15:21 <bdmurray> bug 1937303

 15:21 <ubottu> Bug 1937303 in update-manager (Ubuntu) "ubuntu-support-status does mark FIPS packages as unsupported on 18.04" [Undecided, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1937303

 15:25 <bdmurray> let's card this and I'll think about

 15:26 <bdmurray> the same with bug 1938043

 15:26 <ubottu> Bug 1938043 in update-manager (Ubuntu) "ubuntu-security-status" [Undecided, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1938043

 15:26 <bdmurray> #topic Team proposed-migration report

 15:26 <bdmurray> #link http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs

 15:27 <doko> the glibc triggered ones should be retries, doing now

 15:27 <bdmurray> thanks!

 15:27 <doko> remaining: the ones triggered by curl

 15:27 <bdmurray> then there is systemd

 15:27 <slyon> systemd one should also be an retry. Triggered

 15:27 <doko> and livecd-rootfs

 15:28 <bdmurray> well livecd-rootfs is sil2100

 15:29 <sil2100> Looking o/

 15:29 <bdmurray> doko: so we need to hand out the curl ones?

 15:29 <doko> yes

 15:29 <bdmurray> ack

 15:30 <jawn-smith> I can take one

 15:30 <bdmurray> cluster-glue - slyon

 15:30 <bdmurray> cwltool for jawn-smith

 15:30 <slyon> ack

 15:30 <bdmurray> lua-http waveform

 15:30 <waveform> ack

 15:30 <ginggs> mailman3 should be a retry, triggered

 15:31 <bdmurray> rspamd me

 15:31 <bdmurray> that covers that then

 15:31 <bdmurray> #topic AOB

 15:32 <jawn-smith> may be working from Philly next week - TBD

 15:33 <bdmurray> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)