== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Ubuntu Backporters meeting, started by ddstreet, 08 Sep at 16:05 &mdash; 17:04 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://new.ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2021/ubuntu-meeting.2021-09-08-16.05.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

 * ''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/UbuntuBackports/Agenda   (ddstreet, 16:06)

=== membership ===

Discussion started by ddstreet at 16:08.

 * ''LINK:'' https://launchpad.net/~ubuntu-backporters/+members   (ddstreet, 16:09)
 * ''AGREED:'' remove (inactivate) all old members who are not present in the current meeting  (ddstreet, 16:15)
 * ''AGREED:'' reject all pending members  (ddstreet, 16:17)
 * ''LINK:'' https://launchpad.net/~ubuntu-backporters/+members is not super clean ♥  (mapreri, 16:19)
 * ''AGREED:'' defer discussion to define membership application process  (ddstreet, 16:22)
 * ''AGREED:'' team lead/admin can make administrative decisions for the team, preferably with consultation with other team members  (ddstreet, 16:29)
 * ''AGREED:'' current team lead will be ddstreet, current team members will be mapreri teward  (ddstreet, 16:31)
 * ''AGREED:'' to allow laney to rejoin the team if he requests to  (ddstreet, 16:33)

=== meeting schedule and location ===

Discussion started by ddstreet at 16:38.

 * ''ACTION:'' define details on handling members/leads who are no longer participating  (ddstreet, 16:43)
 * ''ACTION:'' define process/procedure for adding new members  (ddstreet, 16:44)
 * ''AGREED:'' use #ubuntu-devel for normal team conversation  (ddstreet, 16:46)
 * ''ACTION:'' schedule next meeting in 2 weeks, same location and time UTC  (ddstreet, 16:51)
 * ''ACTION:'' take over ubuntu-backports@luc mailing list, or at least check if we need to manage it  (ddstreet, 16:55)
 * ''LINK:'' https://lists.ubuntu.com/mailman/listinfo/ubuntu-backports lists an old member  (rbasak, 16:55)
 * ''ACTION:'' mapreri request ownership change for ubuntu-backports@luc  (ddstreet, 16:57)



== Action items, by person ==

 * mapreri
  * mapreri request ownership change for ubuntu-backports@luc
 * **UNASSIGNED**
  * define details on handling members/leads who are no longer participating
  * define process/procedure for adding new members
  * schedule next meeting in 2 weeks, same location and time UTC
  * take over ubuntu-backports@luc mailing list, or at least check if we need to manage it



== People present (lines said) ==

 * ddstreet (107)
 * mapreri (83)
 * rbasak (55)
 * teward (21)
 * meetingology (14)



== Full log ==


 16:05 <ddstreet> #startmeeting Ubuntu Backporters meeting

 16:05 <meetingology> Meeting started at 16:05:06 UTC.  The chair is ddstreet.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 16:05 <mapreri> what about laney ?

 16:05 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 16:05 <ddstreet> i did ping him above

 16:05 <ddstreet> he can catch up

 16:05 <mapreri> alright

 16:05 <ddstreet> so i created an agenda page, as rbasak linked above

 16:05 <ddstreet> i'll relink for the record

 16:06 <ddstreet> #link https://wiki.ubuntu.com/UbuntuBackports/Agenda

 16:06 <ddstreet> hmm hope that worked

 16:06 <mapreri> it did, #link is silent :)

 16:06 <rbasak> I think it does stay silent for those.

 16:06 <ddstreet> i'm happy to chair/guide this first mtg, but anyone please feel free to jump in at any time for anything

 16:07 <mapreri> right behind you, thank you in advance for chairing

 16:07 <ddstreet> on the agenda page, i put in some basic info and links

 16:08 <ddstreet> the main stuff i think is in the discussion topics section, unless anyone has objections i think we can get through the first couple items fairly quickly, even if we just create action items to discuss them more later

 16:08 <ddstreet> i think the bulk of the conversation will be around the process, at the end of the list

 16:08 <mapreri> yes, agreed

 16:08 <ddstreet> ok so first off, membership

 16:08 <ddstreet> #topic membership

 16:09 <ddstreet> the current list of members:

 16:09 <ddstreet> #link https://launchpad.net/~ubuntu-backporters/+members

 16:09 <rbasak> o/

 16:09 <mapreri> I think we need to decide on whether to drop all of the old people in them?

 16:10 <ddstreet> agreed, let's decide that first

 16:10 <ddstreet> rbasak i think is typing

 16:10 <rbasak> I was, but let's do that first.

 16:10 <rbasak> My question was going to be about team leadership, which is in this section but can come last.

 16:10 <mapreri> (and deactivate the techboard, it doesn't need to be an active member, being owner is enough for them)

 16:10 <rbasak> deactivate the techboard> +1

 16:10 <ddstreet> yep agreed here as well

 16:11 <rbasak> I was going to JFDI before but I thought maybe better to wait for the meeting.

 16:11 <ddstreet> well specifically, i think we should drop all the old members, and inactivate the TB

 16:11 <rbasak> Anyone object to dropping all the old members?

 16:11 <ddstreet> seems unanimous, which is good :)

 16:11 <mapreri> very in favour of the matter, however I need to notice that

 16:11 <ddstreet> i do wish laney was here though

 16:11 <mapreri> scottk renewed his membership on oct 6th, which is weird

 16:11 <ddstreet> as he's the only old member who participated so far

 16:12 <mapreri> scottk never said anything in the mail threads right?

 16:12 <rbasak> I wonder if he has a script that does that :)

 16:12 <ddstreet> hmm maybe he just clicked on 'renew' without really thinking about it

 16:12 <rbasak> I had been unable to reach him.

 16:12 <mapreri> yeah, scottk has been quite unavailable as of late

 16:12 <rbasak> When I asked him to transfer ownership to ~techboard - before I asked Launchpad to do it.

 16:12 <mapreri> (as of late: last ~2 years, more or less)

 16:13 <ddstreet> well since laney isn't around, i suggest we just reach consensus of who's here; i'm not sure if we even need an official vote, as i don't hear any objections from anyone

 16:13 <rbasak> I propose that we proceed by removing everyone not present here today. Others can always be re-added later.

 16:13 <mapreri> rbasak: including laney?

 16:13 <ddstreet> +1 to that from me

 16:13 <ddstreet> it's trivial to add him back if he wants to be added back

 16:13 <mapreri> alright

 16:14 <mapreri> +1 as well

 16:14 <rbasak> mapreri: including laney because I think he specifically said in the ML thread that he wasn't able to participate in backport handling.

 16:14 <mapreri> (you can use #agreed instead of formal vote for these matters :P)

 16:14 <ddstreet> ah nice thanks :)

 16:14 <ddstreet> ok so

 16:14 <rbasak> Shall I do those things now then, to allow you to continue typing?

 16:15 <ddstreet> sure thanks

 16:15 <mapreri> please

 16:15 <ddstreet> i suppose for the record we should do an agreed

 16:15 <mapreri> please yes

 16:15 <ddstreet> #agreed remove (inactivate) all old members who are not present in the current meeting

 16:15 <meetingology> AGREED: remove (inactivate) all old members who are not present in the current meeting

 16:15 <mapreri> then, I think reject all pending members as well imho.  let's start clean?

 16:16 <ddstreet> yep i agree on that too

 16:16 <ddstreet> probably most of them aren't interested anymore anyway

 16:16 <ddstreet> no objections?

 16:16 <mapreri> I wonder what that person who requested on 2006-09-09 to join would say if we approve now lol

 16:16 <ddstreet> lol

 16:16 <ddstreet> "sorry for the delay!"

 16:16 <rbasak> There are also a bunch of pending members, but none of them have been a participant in the ML thread. Should I clean those up too?

 16:16 <mapreri> rbasak: we just agreed on that :P

 16:16 <ddstreet> yep i think we're agreed to reject all the pending members

 16:17 <rbasak> OK

 16:17 <ddstreet> #agreed reject all pending members

 16:17 <meetingology> AGREED: reject all pending members

 16:17 <mapreri> last, keep the current "moderated" team, or turn it to "restricted"?

 16:17 <ddstreet> rbasak you might need to add yourself before disabling the TB

 16:17 <mapreri> (I think we this we are over the "administrative" topics)

 16:17 <mapreri> ddstreet: not needed, since techboard stays the owner)

 16:17 <ddstreet> ah ok

 16:18 <ddstreet> mapreri it shows as 'restricted' now for me, did it just get changed?

 16:18 <mapreri> ah, it's already a "restricted" team now.  so probably those pending members were from before the change

 16:19 <mapreri> ddstreet: not sure, didn't look at before.  just assumed it was "moderated" due to the pending members.

 16:19 <rbasak> ddstreet: no we're good - team ownership gives me superpowers

 16:19 <mapreri> https://launchpad.net/~ubuntu-backporters/+members is not super clean ♥

 16:19 <rbasak> All agreed changes made I think

 16:19 <ddstreet> as far as moderated vs restricted, i don't have a preference; i suspect there won't be a mass of people applying even if it's moderated :)

 16:20 <mapreri> ime, moderated just lead to spam request more than anything *shrugs*

 16:20 <rbasak> IMHO, allowing people to apply via Launchpad just confuses things.

 16:20 <ddstreet> yeah i'm fine to stay restricted

 16:20 <rbasak> Nobody knows how to deal with that.

 16:20 <mapreri> instead, with restricted team, obviously the way to join is "go badger the team admin!" :P

 16:21 <ddstreet> so for future membership, do we need to define a process now? i'm thinking not

 16:21 <ddstreet> i don't expect many (or any) people to want to join anytime soon

 16:21 <rbasak> I agree that can be deferred.

 16:22 <mapreri> I think that is quite related to the actual backport process, but regardless I think we can defer for now, yes.  also we need to see how things go.

 16:22 <mapreri> and, looking at how nobody was interested to join via mail, well…

 16:22 <rbasak> What I'd like though is clarity on team leadership. Who can make decisions for the team? Specifically I mean administrative decisions, rather than individual review decisions. Making this clear would make it easier for the wider community to engage with you.

 16:22 <ddstreet> #agreed defer discussion to define membership application process

 16:22 <meetingology> AGREED: defer discussion to define membership application process

 16:22 <ddstreet> yes that's a good point

 16:23 <rbasak> I'm quite happy for that to just be ddstreet for now, FWIW.

 16:23 <mapreri> since I'm usually very easy to reach, I'd prefer on a process that is: somebody ask the team to decide something, ddstreet texts me, we discuss very quickly, ddstreet reports back?

 16:23 <rbasak> As he's the only one volunteering to do the driving anyway, I feel that he should have the authority to make decisions around the responsibility that he's taking.

 16:23 <mapreri> (easy to reach, except for ubuntu-dev-tools reviews, sorry !)

 16:23 <ddstreet> haha lol

 16:24 <rbasak> I would expect ddstreet to work with mapreri of course, but I'd like to put ddstreet in the position that he has the authority to resolve a disagreement if there is one.

 16:25 <mapreri> I'd say I'd be happy to place him on such place, I have enough disagreements to handle elsewhere anyway, and I trust him to be fair from the little I saw in the past.

 16:25 <ddstreet> how about in between regular meetings, any administrative decisions can be handled by me, with an expectation (but not requirement) that i try to reach the rest of the team for opinions

 16:25 <mapreri> having said this, I don't quite know what you might be referring to, rbasak.  what kind of situations are you imagining?

 16:25 <rbasak> mapreri: I want to avoid indecisiveness, which is IMHO part of what killed the old team.

 16:26 <mapreri> right.

 16:26 <mapreri> I don't think that could happen here anytime soon with this new 2-person team though.

 16:26 <rbasak> So things like "no I want to keep the status quo but I'm not going to help with delivering the team responsibilities under that status quo"

 16:26 <rbasak> I don't want that to block the team.

 16:26 <rbasak> Sure - hopefully that won't happen here.

 16:26 <mapreri> it's more likely that we just both dwindle down in motivation in a few years

 16:27 <ddstreet> ok so are we agreed to allow me (or current team admin/lead) to handle any administrative decisions?

 16:27 <rbasak> +1

 16:27 <mapreri> so yes, let me agree to give ddstreet ALL THE POWER

 16:27 <rbasak> And no objections, so it's done :)

 16:27 <mapreri> just try to get consensus if it's feasible, please.

 16:28 <rbasak> Of course

 16:28 <rbasak> The CoC mandates that

 16:28 <ddstreet> to be clear, i don't want to decide anything unilaterally, but i suspect 1) there won't really be a lot of stuff needed between meetings and 2) i'll talk to the team member(s) about everything when possible

 16:28 <mapreri> cool

 16:29 <rbasak> ddstreet: that is exactly the position I'd like you to take, so we're good :)

 16:29 <ddstreet> #agreed team lead/admin can make administrative decisions for the team, preferably with consultation with other team members

 16:29 <meetingology> AGREED: team lead/admin can make administrative decisions for the team, preferably with consultation with other team members

 16:29 <rbasak> Also #agreed ddstreet will, for now, be the sole team lead/admin

 16:29 <ddstreet> yes i suppose we should define the members

 16:30 <ddstreet> i'm the team lead, and the members are mapreri teward and, rbasak are you joining?

 16:30 <ddstreet> and possibly laney, if he does want to stay on/rejoin

 16:30 <rbasak> For now, I'm not joining, thanks. I'm just focused on trying to enable the people who _are_ volunteering.

 16:30 <ddstreet> ok so just me mapreri and teward

 16:31 <rbasak> And at that point I intend to step away.

 16:31 <mapreri> yeah, I can do with being able to say "I'm not in a lead position in this team" \o/  (which is what happens way too often in debian when I join a team -.-)

 16:31 <rbasak> :-)

 16:31 <ddstreet> #agreed current team lead will be ddstreet, current team members will be mapreri teward

 16:31 <meetingology> AGREED: current team lead will be ddstreet, current team members will be mapreri teward

 16:31 <rbasak> With the team revitalized and with a team lead defined, I think my job is done :-P

 16:31 <teward> this week's been chaotic so i mean :P

 16:31 * mapreri notices that teward has been quite silent so fare in the meeting?

 16:32 <ddstreet> and no objections to allowing laney to rejoin if he would like to (since we don't yet have a process to join defined)?

 16:32 <mapreri> assuming he reads the minutes from the following discussion about the process, and he asks explicitly, yes, let's let him join.

 16:33 <mapreri> but so, should ddstreet add teward to the lp team?

 16:33 <ddstreet> #agreed to allow laney to rejoin the team if he requests to

 16:33 <meetingology> AGREED: to allow laney to rejoin the team if he requests to

 16:33 <rbasak> This is the point where I've stepped away. IMHO in a not voting away, it'd be useful if members committed to do whatever is defined that they should do, and otherwise they shouldn't be members. So maybe it doesn't really matter who is a member or not, for the time being, until that is defined or needs to be defined (eg. ACLs, or review roles, etc).

 16:34 <rbasak> in a not voting *way*

 16:34 <teward> mapreri: i've had nothing counter to any already stated items so far

 16:34 <teward> also still on via phone so insanely hard to type indepth replied

 16:34 <teward> replies*

 16:34 <mapreri> ah, that explains! (the phone)

 16:34 <teward> yup

 16:34 <ddstreet> my only concern with teward is i know you're strected super thin, being on several boards and heavy workload

 16:35 <teward> ddstreet: workload is getting a lot lighter at FT job.  Many large projects just finished and there's one rrmaining project on my radar of high importance

 16:35 <ddstreet> but personally i have no problem with you joining even if it's just for occasional work on the backports

 16:36 <teward> and the being on many teams and boards is why i stopped championing the redo of backports process

 16:36 <teward> hence "member of backporters" not leader/officer

 16:36 <ddstreet> ok

 16:37 <ddstreet> sounds fine to me - i did put 'agreed' on the current team above, though if anyone wants to have a vote of the people currently here i'm fine with that as well

 16:37 <ddstreet> otherwise i think we can let the new member list stand and continue

 16:38 <ddstreet> ok let's move to the meetings

 16:38 <ddstreet> #topic meeting schedule and location

 16:38 <mapreri> I'm also fine we teward.  let's just say, please all of us be sincere and drop out if you realize you can't contribute :)

 16:38 <mapreri> s/fine we/fine with/ (?)

 16:38 <ddstreet> yes very much agreed with that ^

 16:38 <teward> what mapreri said

 16:39 <mapreri> do we need regular meetings?

 16:39 <ddstreet> so for meetings, i assume we just hold them here?

 16:39 <ddstreet> long term, probably not, but i think at first it might be good to have some regular meetings

 16:39 <ddstreet> at least until we get going more smoothly

 16:39 <mapreri> alright

 16:40 <mapreri> (do we have a more in-topic irc channel?)

 16:40 <rbasak> Would it be worthwhile agreeing a rule that members inactive for (say) 2 years get removed? I suggest this now because it's socially easier to set this now, rather than when the problem arises again.

 16:40 <teward> we can probably get one made mapreri if needed

 16:40 <ddstreet> yeah we probably should have a irc channel

 16:40 <mapreri> teward: I'd ♥ to pls.  let's #ubuntu-backports @ libera?

 16:40 <rbasak> I suggest just using #ubuntu-devel until it becomes a problem.

 16:41 <rbasak> That helps with fostering involvement IMHO.

 16:41 <teward> rbasak: agreed to the rule provided theres procedure in place to handle if the lead is the AWOL one

 16:41 <mapreri> I'm fine as well.

 16:41 <ddstreet> rbasak i do agree with the expiration rule, but suggest we defer the specific details to a future meeting

 16:41 <rbasak> Sure

 16:41 <teward> ^^ that

 16:42 <mapreri> teward: procedure is: existing members vote and ask techboard to replace the lead.  easy.

 16:42 <mapreri> I think this can be part of the next meeting together with the definition of how to join

 16:43 <ddstreet> #action define details on handling members/leads who are no longer participating

 16:43 * meetingology define details on handling members/leads who are no longer participating

 16:43 <ddstreet> i think i forgot to add an action for defining the membership process?

 16:44 <ddstreet> #action define process/procedure for adding new members

 16:44 * meetingology define process/procedure for adding new members

 16:45 <ddstreet> so re: irc, should we use ubuntu-devel or try to get ubuntu-backports?

 16:45 <mapreri> let's keep with -devel for a while and see if we tend to have too many conversations (unlikely)

 16:45 <teward> we could use either, but lets keep with -devel for now

 16:45 <teward> unless we have a ton of things to discuss we should be OK with -devel

 16:46 <teward> (finally back at my computer, geez...)

 16:46 * mapreri is just biased in collecting as many channels as possible (not visible in me anymore since the freenode move when I cleaned up the list…)

 16:46 <ddstreet> #agreed use #ubuntu-devel for normal team conversation

 16:46 <meetingology> AGREED: use #ubuntu-devel for normal team conversation

 16:46 <ddstreet> at least for now, can always change that later

 16:47 <ddstreet> for a schedule of regular meetings, i think at first we should probably try for fortnightly meetings? weekly meetings probably would be too much, but i think we do have stuff to go thru

 16:48 <ddstreet> i'm trying to get thru the administrative stuff, since we're not even at the real backports process yet and 45 minutes in :)

 16:49 <mapreri> ftr, I already have other fortnight meetings in the other cycle

 16:49 <mapreri> at the same time :P

 16:49 <ddstreet> well this balances it out perfectly then doesn't it xD

 16:49 <mapreri> so I'm good with fortnight, it'll just means I'll find myself a weekly cycle, one week in a channel, the other in another channel :3

 16:50 <ddstreet> let's start with fortnightly and re-evaluate it each following meeting, i'm sure we will get to the point where we can drop it down to monthly, or less

 16:50 <ddstreet> i'll schedule the next meeting in 2 weeks (after this one is over)

 16:50 <teward> +1

 16:51 <teward> ddstreet: send me an email reminder btw so i can add it in my schedule

 16:51 <mapreri> cool

 16:51 <ddstreet> #action schedule next meeting in 2 weeks, same location and time UTC

 16:51 * meetingology schedule next meeting in 2 weeks, same location and time UTC

 16:51 <mapreri> teward: are you in ubuntu-backports@luc right?  I guess ddstreet can call the meeting there.

 16:51 <teward> my recurrings for the stuff got thrown into the abyss during the work migration to MS365 so i don't have my recurring meetings anymore

 16:51 <teward> mapreri: probably not :p

 16:51 <mapreri> you should if you are joining :P

 16:51 <ddstreet> teward mapreri i'll create a google calendar event and include you both, if oyu use google calendar?

 16:51 <teward> no idea who's on that list anymore

 16:51 <ddstreet> well i mean you should get the invite even if you don't :)

 16:51 <teward> mapreri: true, i'll drop in.

 16:52 <mapreri> ddstreet: I use gcal yes  (and all my emails are associated to the google account, so it'll just come in whatever address you use)

 16:52 <rbasak> FWIW I think we've (you've) made great progress so far, and if it takes another couple of weeks to sort out the process stuff, that's absolutely fine.

 16:53 <rbasak> I think it's important to get the "constitutional" structure right, and that's done now, and I'm happy :)

 16:53 <ddstreet> thanks!

 16:53 <rbasak> I hope that this means that the previous problem won't recur.

 16:54 <ddstreet> so re: ubuntu-backports@luc, i just joined that (or requested to)...not sure if we need to do something to manage that list?

 16:54 <mapreri> for the ml mod, if that's needed, I'm happy to, since I already run `listadmin` regularly for another dozen MLs

 16:54 <rbasak> FWIW, I moderate enough Ubuntu MLs already that adding another won't make any difference to me. So if you'd like a moderator I'm happy to do that.

 16:54 <rbasak> Ah, snap :)

 16:54 <mapreri> who is jdong again u.u

 16:54 <ddstreet> i'll add an action to at least check if we need to take that list over

 16:55 <ddstreet> yeah i saw that too, no idea

 16:55 <ddstreet> #action take over ubuntu-backports@luc mailing list, or at least check if we need to manage it

 16:55 * meetingology take over ubuntu-backports@luc mailing list, or at least check if we need to manage it

 16:55 <mapreri> somebody who has been inactive long enough that all of their launchpad membership expired, apparently.

 16:55 <rbasak> https://lists.ubuntu.com/mailman/listinfo/ubuntu-backports lists an old member

 16:55 <rbasak> So I think you will need to take that over

 16:56 <mapreri> rbasak: do you have contacts with the lists.u.c admins?

 16:56 <mapreri> or is that canonical IS generically?

 16:56 <rbasak> Canonical IS can swap it for us.

 16:56 <rbasak> Right

 16:56 <mapreri> if you'd like I can write a ticket

 16:56 <rbasak> I expect ddstreet will be able to arrange it, but you have my TB hat support if you need it.

 16:56 <mapreri> or let ddstreet ask for it, as you wish.

 16:57 <ddstreet> mapreri if you are able to request the change then please do :)

 16:57 <mapreri> alright

 16:57 <ddstreet> #action mapreri request ownership change for ubuntu-backports@luc

 16:57 * meetingology mapreri request ownership change for ubuntu-backports@luc

 16:57 <mapreri> ta

 16:58 <mapreri> (shall I ask them to just put my email in the list owner field?)

 16:58 <mapreri> (more like, do you mind or should we do it differently?)

 16:58 <ddstreet> ok so i *think* we are all thru the administrative part...there's only 3 minutes left in the hour though, i'm thinking we move the 'real' discussion of the process to the next meeting? 1 hour meetings are usually my max

 16:58 <ddstreet> re: ml, i think it's fine to just put your email

 16:59 <mapreri> I think I should have dinner in 30-60 minutes, so I'm fine going for a little longer.  but process is likely going to take more than that anyway, so…

 16:59 <ddstreet> yeah, we could start but i dont think we would make it far

 17:00 <ddstreet> i propose we adjourn this meeting and defer remaining discussion to the next one?

 17:00 <ddstreet> i know we didn't really get the to good stuff yet

 17:00 <ddstreet> but meetings tend to start falling apart after an hour-ish i think :)

 17:01 <mapreri> incidentally, I was thinking of dumping my points of what the process should look like (or, what we need to discuss of them) in the agenda page, would you mind?  I suppose you could dump your ideas as well.

 17:01 <ddstreet> ok sounds like no objections at least

 17:01 <ddstreet> absolutely, please feel free to put it into the agenda, update it however you'd like

 17:02 <mapreri> then we are good

 17:02 <mapreri> [08 07:00:04 PM] <mapreri> ack.

 17:02 <mapreri> I saw this fell out due to a network glitch on my side ↑

 17:02 <mapreri> (I recovered your messages from my bouncer)

 17:02 <ddstreet> i was also going to edit the agenda page with summary of today's meeting, and next mtg date, etc, but i'll make sure not to step on your edits

 17:02 <mapreri> not going to do that now

 17:03 <mapreri> if you give me a whole 2 weeks to prepare for the next meeting, be sure I won't write 2 weeks in advance :P

 17:03 <ddstreet> ack, i'll try to have the page updated by my EOD

 17:03 <ddstreet> lol

 17:03 <ddstreet> yeah no need to hurry :)

 17:03 <rbasak> I need to run now too. Thank you ddstreet both for chairing but more importantly driving this whole revitalisation!

 17:03 <ddstreet> ok let's call this then, thanks for a great first mtg all!

 17:04 <ddstreet> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)