== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status meeting, started by cpaelzer, 11 May at 14:30 &mdash; 15:06 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://new.ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2021/ubuntu-meeting.2021-05-11-14.30.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== Review of previous action items ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 14:30.


=== current component mismatches ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 14:34.

 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg   (cpaelzer, 14:34)
 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg   (cpaelzer, 14:34)

=== New MIRs ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 14:35.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=NEW&field.status%3Alist=CONFIRMED&assignee_option=none&field.assignee=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (cpaelzer, 14:36)
 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/libheif/+bug/1827442   (cpaelzer, 14:36)
 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/libheif/+bug/1827442/comments/24   (cpaelzer, 14:40)
 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/ceph-iscsi/+bug/1854362/comments/67   (cpaelzer, 14:50)
 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/mysql-8.0/+bug/1852367/comments/2   (didrocks, 14:58)

=== Incomplete bugs / questions ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 15:04.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (cpaelzer, 15:04)

=== Any other business? ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 15:05.




== People present (lines said) ==

 * cpaelzer (106)
 * ubottu (14)
 * didrocks (13)
 * sarnold (13)
 * doko (9)
 * meetingology (2)
 * ddstreet (1)



== Full log ==


 14:30 <cpaelzer> #startmeeting Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status

 14:30 <meetingology> Meeting started at 14:30:02 UTC.  The chair is cpaelzer.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 14:30 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 14:30 <cpaelzer> hello didrocks ddstreet doko jamespage sarnold

 14:30 <cpaelzer> #topic Review of previous action items

 14:30 <cpaelzer> there were no actions from the call, but due to bug activity - and those are worth to be mentioned before we look into the bugs

 14:31 <cpaelzer> on https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/libde265/+bug/1827442/comments/26 ddstreet found a bug being forgotten by being confirmed

 14:31 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1827442 in x265 (Ubuntu) "[MIR] libheif" [Undecided,Confirmed]

 14:31 <cpaelzer> he was so kind to bring it up

 14:31 <doko> o/

 14:31 <cpaelzer> I've had cases before that got lost due to the same at least 3 or 4 of them the last 12 months

 14:31 <didrocks> o/

 14:32 <cpaelzer> so revisiting our spec we have added "confirmed" to what we look at in the incoming queue

 14:32 <cpaelzer> I've updated the remaining links that we had on the wiki page

 14:32 <cpaelzer> and I've updated the state chart

 14:32 <cpaelzer> Please speak up if you are against this and why

 14:32 <cpaelzer> or tell me if you are +1 if you are

 14:33 <doko> looks ok

 14:33 <didrocks> +1 for me

 14:33 <cpaelzer> ddstreet - you did the nitial change, so I gues you are fine as well

 14:33 <cpaelzer> that is 4/5 and 100% of the people around today

 14:33 <cpaelzer> thanks everyone

 14:33 <ddstreet> yep sounds good to me, thanks

 14:33 <cpaelzer> That will be important later ... :-)

 14:34 <cpaelzer> #topic current component mismatches

 14:34 <cpaelzer> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg

 14:34 <cpaelzer> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg

 14:34 <cpaelzer> Nothing new AFAICS

 14:34 <cpaelzer> sarnold: I'll use every week that I see backuppc here to remind you that this is a left-over security review from last cycle :-)

 14:35 <cpaelzer> anyone seeing someitnhg worth to discuss int hose two reports before we go on?

 14:35 <cpaelzer> i consider that a no, and otherwise speak up later please

 14:35 <cpaelzer> #topic New MIRs

 14:35 <cpaelzer> here we are special this week

 14:35 <cpaelzer> no "new" in the sense of coming in this week

 14:35 <sarnold> good morning

 14:36 <cpaelzer> but a few that formerly where lost by being "confirmed"

 14:36 <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=NEW&field.status%3Alist=CONFIRMED&assignee_option=none&field.assignee=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 14:36 <cpaelzer> o/ sarnold

 14:36 <cpaelzer> so we need to open, read, discuss and potentially assign some next steps to those

 14:36 <cpaelzer> let us get started

 14:36 <cpaelzer> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/libheif/+bug/1827442

 14:36 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1827442 in x265 (Ubuntu) "[MIR] libheif" [Undecided,Confirmed]

 14:37 <cpaelzer> three source packages libde265 libheif x265

 14:37 <cpaelzer> this was before we were more formal, correct and auditable

 14:38 <cpaelzer> ddstreet and I wondered if https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/libheif/+bug/1827442/comments/1 was a full MIR-ack to all three packages ?

 14:38 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1827442 in x265 (Ubuntu) "[MIR] libheif" [Undecided,Confirmed]

 14:38 <didrocks> looks like a MIR-ack but need security in the "old" world

 14:39 <cpaelzer> sarnold: the security reivews that are there are from you

 14:39 <cpaelzer> sarnold: do you have an overview if this is all-ready or not?

 14:40 <cpaelzer> I see an sec-Ack for libheif itself

 14:40 <cpaelzer> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/libheif/+bug/1827442/comments/24

 14:40 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1827442 in x265 (Ubuntu) "[MIR] libheif" [Undecided,Confirmed]

 14:40 <sarnold> cpaelzer: my recollection is that the 'mir process' (such as it was) decided only libheif needed a security review, and the other two packages in this bug weren't flagged as needing security review -- I don't know if cypher_mox's review was intended to cover all three or not

 14:41 <cpaelzer> thanks sarnold

 14:41 <doko> but aren't we doing security reviews for other codecs as well?

 14:41 <cpaelzer> and vorlon has managed to only get the needed subset promoted in https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/libheif/+bug/1827442/comments/5

 14:41 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1827442 in x265 (Ubuntu) "[MIR] libheif" [Undecided,Confirmed]

 14:41 <cpaelzer> doko: yes we will

 14:42 <cpaelzer> but essentially the two dependencies have just "entered the process"

 14:42 <cpaelzer> They were identified later and not yet looked at thoroughly at all yet

 14:42 <cpaelzer> so I'll set libheif to "in progress" reflecting that it is ready

 14:42 <cpaelzer> and the other two we need to assign for an MIR review

 14:42 <cpaelzer> volunteers ?

 14:43 <doko> I'm away for this week mostly

 14:44 <cpaelzer> and actually we need an owning team (likely foundations) and the QA-checks that the reporter is supposed to do

 14:44 <cpaelzer> let me update the state and request that

 14:44 <cpaelzer> then next week if someone cares about it we can assign those

 14:44 <didrocks> sounds good

 14:47 <cpaelzer> done https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/libheif/+bug/1827442/comments/28

 14:47 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1827442 in libheif (Ubuntu) "[MIR] libheif" [Undecided,In progress]

 14:47 <cpaelzer> next is https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/node-jquery/+bug/1906514

 14:47 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1906514 in node-jquery (Ubuntu Hirsute) "sizzle needs a MIR, or node-jquery needs dropping the recommends" [High,Confirmed]

 14:47 <cpaelzer> from miles away that seems like "no more needed"

 14:47 <cpaelzer> it isn't in mismatches anymore

 14:48 <cpaelzer> I'd set the remaining tasks to invlaid

 14:48 <cpaelzer> invalid

 14:49 <cpaelzer> I don't want to monologue all of you down, at least throw in a "yeah", "yes", "no" sometimes :-)

 14:49 <cpaelzer> next is https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/ceph-iscsi/+bug/1854362

 14:49 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1854362 in tcmu (Ubuntu) "[MIR] ceph-iscsi, tcmu, python-configshell-fb, python-rtslib-fb, urwid, targetcli-fb" [Undecided,In progress]

 14:49 <sarnold> all right! lets go! wooooo!

 14:49 <cpaelzer> thanks :-)

 14:50 <doko> hmm, the the recommends is still there

 14:50 <didrocks> looks like ceph is really exciting sarnold :)

 14:50 <cpaelzer> doko: I think parts of node-jquery were demoted

 14:50 <sarnold> oh yeah I'm all about object storage!

 14:50 <cpaelzer> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/ceph-iscsi/+bug/1854362/comments/67

 14:50 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1854362 in tcmu (Ubuntu) "[MIR] ceph-iscsi, tcmu, python-configshell-fb, python-rtslib-fb, urwid, targetcli-fb" [Undecided,In progress]

 14:50 <cpaelzer> is an ack for ceph-iscsi

 14:51 <cpaelzer> tcmu is ready

 14:51 <cpaelzer> the rest was promoted in the past

 14:51 <doko> ahh, the node-jquery binary is now in universe, just libjs-query is in main

 14:51 <cpaelzer> did we have open todos ...

 14:51 <didrocks> just needing something pulling eph-iscsi to main, right? But we can at elast fix committed them?

 14:52 <cpaelzer> yes

 14:52 <cpaelzer> that is how I read it as well

 14:52 <cpaelzer> updated

 14:53 <cpaelzer> jamespage: I think that is for you now https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/ceph-iscsi/+bug/1854362/comments/69

 14:53 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1854362 in tcmu (Ubuntu) "[MIR] ceph-iscsi, tcmu, python-configshell-fb, python-rtslib-fb, urwid, targetcli-fb" [Undecided,In progress]

 14:53 <cpaelzer> "to act on" I mean

 14:53 <cpaelzer> next is https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/libxcrypt/+bug/1865532

 14:53 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1865532 in libxcrypt (Ubuntu) "[MIR] libxcrypt (dependency of glibc)" [High,Confirmed]

 14:53 <cpaelzer> doko: this is another case that came in via component mismatches it seems

 14:54 <cpaelzer> This is promoted

 14:54 <cpaelzer> at least the source is in main

 14:54 <doko> it's in main ...

 14:54 <sarnold> it might never have been in universe?

 14:54 <cpaelzer> maybe one more binary needed to be promoted

 14:55 <sarnold> hmm, no, my archive's got a bunch of the packages in universe

 14:55 <doko> just close it?

 14:55 <cpaelzer> done

 14:55 <sarnold> ack

 14:55 <doko> sorry, I have to drop for a conference call

 14:55 <cpaelzer> next: https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/linux-signed-oem-osp1/+bug/1846213

 14:55 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1846213 in linux-signed-oem-osp1 (Ubuntu) "[britney-block] linux-oem-osp1 (pulled in by some packages)" [High,Confirmed]

 14:56 <cpaelzer> call + chat works ... somewhat ... badly :-)

 14:56 <sarnold> gn8 doko

 14:56 <cpaelzer> this was removed and no more needs action

 14:56 <sarnold> yay

 14:57 <cpaelzer> next (and last) https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/mysql-8.0/+bug/1852367

 14:57 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1852367 in mysql-8.0 (Ubuntu) "[MIR] mysql-router (mysql-8.0)" [Undecided,Confirmed]

 14:57 <sarnold> I have to admit I don't understand how an oem kernel package that's not seeded is useful..

 14:57 <didrocks> and the oem for new kernel procedure has changed in between, correct?

 14:57 <cpaelzer> yes didrocks

 14:58 <didrocks> yeah, removing

 14:58 <cpaelzer> I have updated the oem case already

 14:58 <cpaelzer> looking at mysql-router now

 14:58 <didrocks> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/mysql-8.0/+bug/1852367/comments/2

 14:58 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1852367 in mysql-8.0 (Ubuntu) "[MIR] mysql-router (mysql-8.0)" [Undecided,Confirmed]

 14:59 <didrocks> we just need to check those were done? ^

 14:59 <cpaelzer> #1 is the MIR ack

 14:59 <cpaelzer> #3 is the security ack

 14:59 <cpaelzer> and yes - #2 is the remaining "we should do" tasks

 15:00 <cpaelzer> checking if the changelog mentions those ...

 15:02 <sarnold> it doesn't feel like any changelog comments mention those

 15:03 <cpaelzer> yep

 15:03 <cpaelzer> I just checked buld and autopkg log

 15:03 <cpaelzer> not covered yet

 15:03 <cpaelzer> I'll take it back to the team to have a look

 15:03 <cpaelzer> incomplete until then

 15:04 <cpaelzer> #topic Incomplete bugs / questions

 15:04 <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 15:04 <cpaelzer> The onyl recent update is telegraf

 15:04 <cpaelzer> thanks for the review BTW

 15:04 <didrocks> yw!

 15:04 <cpaelzer> and the remaining cleanup is well on its way as it seems

 15:04 <cpaelzer> so that will soon be fully ready or promotion

 15:04 <cpaelzer> no action by us atm

 15:05 <cpaelzer> #topic Any other business?

 15:05 <didrocks> nothing for me

 15:05 <cpaelzer> this was a more busy session - as I promosed four weeks ago :-)

 15:05 <cpaelzer> I have nothing else to add

 15:05 <sarnold> nothing from me

 15:05 <didrocks> good spring (actually many years spring) cleaning :)

 15:05 <sarnold> :D

 15:05 <cpaelzer> hehe

 15:06 <cpaelzer> yeah, let us wrap it for today then ...

 15:06 <cpaelzer> o/

 15:06 <cpaelzer> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)