== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting: Ubuntu Community Council Meeting, 06 Jan at 23:05 &mdash; 23:24 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2021/ubuntu-meeting.2021-01-06-23.05.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

''LINK:'' https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fe82eYRjiBU 
''LINK:'' https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/call-for-topics-community-council-meeting-20210106/20184 
=== Old business ===
The discussion about "Old business" started at 23:07.

 * '''Technical Board elections''' (23:08)
 * '''Discourse''' (23:10)
 * '''Local Communities Research Committee''' (23:12)
  * ''LINK:'' https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/local-communities-research-committee/20186 
  * ''ACTION:'' toddy send this call for nomination for LCRC

=== New business ===
The discussion about "New business" started at 23:17.

  * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/communitycouncil/+bug/1903346 
  * ''ACTION:'' teward looks at the Ubuntu Community Council "Review and prioritize board/council elections"

=== Any other business? ===
The discussion about "Any other business?" started at 23:22.

  * The next meeting of the Ubuntu Community Council is on Wednesday 2021-01-20 11pm
  * ''ACTION:'' nhaines chairs the next meeting



== Vote results ==




== Action items, by person ==

 * nhaines
  * nhaines chairs the next meeting
 * teward
  * teward looks at the Ubuntu Community Council "Review and prioritize board/council elections"
 * toddy
  * toddy send this call for nomination for LCRC



== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * toddy (47)
 * wxl (28)
 * jose (19)
 * teward (19)
 * Eickmeyer (14)
 * meetingology (11)
 * nhaines (10)
 * ubottu (1)
 * joe (0)



== Full Log ==


 23:05 <toddy> #startmeeting Ubuntu Community Council Meeting

 23:05 <meetingology> Meeting started Wed Jan  6 23:05:00 2021 UTC.  The chair is toddy. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 23:05 <meetingology> 

 23:05 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 23:05 <toddy> #chair Eickmeyer teward joe nhaines wxl toddy

 23:05 <meetingology> Warning: Nick not in channel: joe

 23:05 <meetingology> Current chairs: Eickmeyer joe nhaines teward toddy wxl

 23:05 <toddy> #chair Eickmeyer teward jose nhaines wxl toddy

 23:05 <meetingology> Current chairs: Eickmeyer joe jose nhaines teward toddy wxl

 23:05 <wxl> hey joe

 23:05 <Eickmeyer> Who's joe?

 23:05 <teward> #chair teward

 23:05 <meetingology> Current chairs: Eickmeyer joe jose nhaines teward toddy wxl

 23:05 <toddy> I don't know

 23:05 <teward> @nochair joe

 23:05 <teward> blah

 23:05 <teward> #nochair joe

 23:05 <nhaines> Classic joe

 23:05 <teward> screw it

 23:05 <Eickmeyer> HAHA

 23:05 <wxl> https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fe82eYRjiBU

 23:05 <toddy> the jose joe

 23:06 <toddy> Hello everybody to the Ubuntu Communiy Council Meeting!

 23:06 <wxl> it's jose before he got a forked tongue?? (wow i'm really reaching)

 23:06 <Eickmeyer> Woooooow wxl

 23:06 <Eickmeyer> Hi toddy!

 23:06 <wxl> i know rough huh

 23:06 <toddy> :D

 23:06 <wxl> that's what you get being a dad: your jokes go to hell

 23:06 <nhaines> This is true.

 23:06 <Eickmeyer> ^ Facts

 23:07 <toddy> Let's get started

 23:07 <toddy> This time I have add an agenda for the meeting.

 23:07 <toddy> #link https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/call-for-topics-community-council-meeting-20210106/20184

 23:07 <Eickmeyer> Yeah, I saw that. Nice stuff.

 23:07 <wxl> that's what a good chair should do :)

 23:07 <toddy> #topic Old business

 23:08 <toddy> wxl: I am not a good chair :D

 23:08 <teward> #unchair joe

 23:08 <meetingology> Current chairs: Eickmeyer jose nhaines teward toddy wxl

 23:08 <toddy> thanks teward

 23:08 <Eickmeyer> RIP joe

 23:08 <wxl> you're doing very good so far toddy!

 23:08 <toddy> #subtopic Technical Board elections

 23:08 <teward> those're done

 23:08 <wxl> horray!

 23:08 <teward> and I believe they're in place now

 23:08 <jose> yes!

 23:08 <toddy> horray

 23:09 <jose> we are just dealing with some ML issues

 23:09 <Eickmeyer> We have an all-new (with some not-so-new) TB.

 23:09 <jose> but those will get sorted within the next 24h

 23:09 <teward> right but the ML issues can be their own issue joe :)

 23:09 <wxl> excellent

 23:09 <teward> s/joe/jose/

 23:09 <teward> *kicks keyboard*

 23:09 <Eickmeyer> HAHAHA

 23:09 <toddy> Oh joe is now jose :D

 23:10 <toddy> Ok, good.

 23:10 <toddy> So we have no other things to do. than next topic

 23:10 <toddy> #subtopic Discourse

 23:10 <jose> nope, bug's all resolved, let's pick it up in two years

 23:11 <wxl> not much to tell there; i moved one piece of documentation into our cc section

 23:11 <toddy> wxl: ok, is there more action needed?

 23:11 <wxl> nope, we should be good

 23:11 <toddy> good

 23:12 <toddy> #subtopic Local Communities Research Committee

 23:12 <toddy> I have put the LCRC proposal in our documentation.

 23:12 <toddy> #link https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/local-communities-research-committee/20186

 23:12 <jose> great!

 23:12 <nhaines> That was a nice writeup.

 23:12 <toddy> I have also wrote a call for nomination. Would anyone like to add or improve something in the call?

 23:13 <Eickmeyer> I like it!

 23:13 <toddy> nhaines: thanks for your help in the nomination text :)

 23:13 <wxl> i think it's good as is

 23:13 <Eickmeyer> Same.

 23:13 <nhaines> toddy: I had only the most minor of grammatical tweaks.  Nothing important.  :)

 23:14 <toddy> ok, if we are fine we can make the call for nomination.

 23:14 <jose> Do you have a link to the call for nominations?

 23:14 <jose> I can skim it now.

 23:14 <toddy> you have it

 23:14 <jose> yep, looking at it now

 23:14 <toddy> thanks

 23:15 <jose> looks good to me!

 23:16 <toddy> I will send out this call for nomination in the next days.

 23:16 <wxl> excellent

 23:16 <toddy> #action toddy send this call for nomination for LCRC

 23:16 * meetingology toddy send this call for nomination for LCRC

 23:17 <toddy> this was the old business topic.

 23:17 <toddy> #topic New business

 23:17 <toddy> Do we have something?

 23:17 <Eickmeyer> I have nothing at this time. It was a slow 3 weeks for our stuff.

 23:17 <toddy> Should we talk about something?

 23:17 <wxl> not i

 23:17 <jose> I do-ish

 23:17 <nhaines> I don't have anything.

 23:17 <wxl> we will listen-ish then

 23:17 <nhaines> jose?

 23:18 <jose> I suggest that we go through the current councils which are overseen by the CC and ensure none are expiring this/next quarter

 23:18 <jose> I saw the IRCC has expiring members this year

 23:18 <wxl> i think that's teward's task

 23:18 <wxl> https://bugs.launchpad.net/communitycouncil/+bug/1903346

 23:18 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1903346 in Ubuntu Community Council "Review and prioritize board/council elections" [High,In progress]

 23:18 <jose> ah, okay!

 23:18 <teward> I think the rest of the councils are good for a while, the only big ones were Membership and TB

 23:18 <toddy> ok

 23:19 <teward> i'll double check in the next couple weeks

 23:19 <jose> what about not-big ones?

 23:19 <jose> thanks, and then let's compile a list of expirations in there for the record

 23:19 <toddy> which are not big ones?

 23:19 <teward> i don't think we have a complete list of all the councils, the ones I saw were Kubuntu, and a few others that're already liste

 23:19 <teward> d

 23:19 <wxl> the irc council is on there

 23:19 <jose> IRCC for example :)

 23:19 <teward> and those were all good

 23:19 <wxl> as is the forum council

 23:19 <wxl> and the two flavor councils we have left

 23:19 <teward> I think IRCC and Forum were still good, but again i'll double check

 23:19 <toddy> thanks, teward

 23:20 <wxl> you may want to update the milestone and status on that bug

 23:20 <teward> when the chaos is done

 23:20 <jose> tbd by next meeting

 23:20 <teward> yup

 23:21 <wxl> well, if wwe're judging by when the chaos is done, we'll talk again when the apocalypse comes XD

 23:21 <toddy> #action teward looks at the Ubuntu Community Council "Review and prioritize board/council elections"

 23:21 * meetingology teward looks at the Ubuntu Community Council "Review and prioritize board/council elections"

 23:21 <toddy> so we have a reminder

 23:22 <toddy> #topic Any other business?

 23:22 <wxl> none here

 23:22 <Eickmeyer> None here as well.

 23:22 <nhaines> None here.

 23:22 <toddy> Who wants to chair the next meeting?

 23:22 <jose> I'm all good

 23:22 <wxl> not it

 23:22 <jose> why not? :)

 23:22 <toddy> #info The next meeting of the Ubuntu Community Council is on Wednesday 2021-01-20 11pm

 23:22 <wxl> i've already done it at least once or twice :)

 23:22 <nhaines> Happy 2021, everyone!  :)

 23:23 <toddy> oh yes Happy 2021, nhaines

 23:23 <wxl> sounds like nhaines wants to do it :)

 23:23 <nhaines> Haha, I'll chair next meeting.

 23:24 <wxl> ok let's call it then, eh?

 23:24 <toddy> #action nhaines chairs the next meeting

 23:24 * meetingology nhaines chairs the next meeting

 23:24 <Eickmeyer> FYI, I'm in the process of buying a house (in escrow now), so I cannot predict my schedule for the next few weeks.

 23:24 <nhaines> Good luck!

 23:24 <toddy> thnaks for the info, Eickmeyer

 23:24 <wxl> Eickmeyer: if you can't make the meeting, a simple message will suffice. we can't expect everyone to be available all the time

 23:24 <toddy> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)