== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status meeting, started by cpaelzer, 02 Nov at 15:29 &mdash; 16:02 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://new.ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2021/ubuntu-meeting.2021-11-02-15.29.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== Review of previous action items ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 15:30.


=== current component mismatches ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 15:30.

 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg   (cpaelzer, 15:30)
 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg   (cpaelzer, 15:30)

=== New MIRs ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 15:40.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=NEW&field.status%3Alist=CONFIRMED&assignee_option=none&field.assignee=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (cpaelzer, 15:40)

=== Incomplete bugs / questions ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 15:49.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (cpaelzer, 15:49)

=== Any other business? ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 15:50.

 * ''LINK:'' https://github.com/cpaelzer/ubuntu-mir/pull/2   (cpaelzer, 15:56)
 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/swtpm/+bug/1948748   (cpaelzer, 15:59)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * cpaelzer (131)
 * sarnold (23)
 * didrocks (20)
 * slyon (14)
 * jamespage (4)
 * ubottu (4)
 * meetingology (2)



== Full log ==


 15:29 <cpaelzer> #startmeeting Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status

 15:29 <meetingology> Meeting started at 15:29:52 UTC.  The chair is cpaelzer.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 15:29 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 15:29 <cpaelzer> hello everyone

 15:30 <slyon> o/

 15:30 <cpaelzer> another ping for the log => didrocks: jamespage: ddstreet: sarnold: slyon: doko: ping for MIR meeting

 15:30 <cpaelzer> #topic Review of previous action items

 15:30 <cpaelzer> We have plenty of things, but more for the "other business" section than actions

 15:30 <didrocks> hey

 15:30 <cpaelzer> so I'd go on ...

 15:30 <cpaelzer> #topic current component mismatches

 15:30 <cpaelzer> archive open, so expect more ...

 15:30 <cpaelzer> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg

 15:30 <cpaelzer> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg

 15:31 <cpaelzer> going through them left to right

 15:31 <cpaelzer> 1. lintian into libio-prompt-tiny-perl

 15:32 <cpaelzer> that seems to be another small perl lib, slyon usually Doko has handled those, would you mind having a lool

 15:32 <cpaelzer> look

 15:32 <slyon> will do

 15:32 <cpaelzer> then piprewire (we promoted recently) into "wireplumber"

 15:32 <cpaelzer> that sounds like didrocks playground, will you have a look what we want to do there didrocks ?

 15:32 <didrocks> yeah, was about to say that

 15:33 <cpaelzer> then postgresql-14 is mine, it is sad that it is here we we likely won't be able to fully switch to 14

 15:33 <cpaelzer> dependent projetcs usually take too long

 15:33 <cpaelzer> but in any case, my business

 15:33 <cpaelzer> then policykit is a known false-positive

 15:33 <cpaelzer> python-croniter -> python-tzlocal - does that mean anything to anyone?

 15:34 <didrocks> not to me

 15:34 <slyon> no

 15:34 <sarnold> iirc it's fallout from the upstream tzdata mess

 15:34 <cpaelzer> that would be foundations, but maybe we wait a week on that one and see if we get a request

 15:35 <cpaelzer> next would be cherrypy3

 15:35 <cpaelzer> jamespage: that would be you

 15:35 <cpaelzer> but it is still all approved except python-cheroot

 15:35 <jamespage> I need to loop back to that

 15:35 <sarnold> on my todo-list

 15:35 <cpaelzer> which waits on security

 15:35 <cpaelzer> php8.1 is with us and being worked on

 15:35 <jamespage> there we go then

 15:35 <cpaelzer> wow, so many ...

 15:36 <cpaelzer> cmake->dh-elpa sounds foundationish

 15:36 <cpaelzer> slyon: ?

 15:36 <sarnold> our colleagues have been busy

 15:36 <cpaelzer> to be clear you do not have to do all the MIRs, but find someone in the team to think about it

 15:36 <slyon> ACK. I'll put it on my list

 15:36 <cpaelzer> pillow -> raqm means nothing to me

 15:36 <cpaelzer> known to anyone?

 15:37 <slyon> pillow is foundations..

 15:37 <sarnold> the README kinds looks like desktopish thing, but pillow .. dunno

 15:38 <cpaelzer> ok, another on on you then @slyon

 15:38 <slyon> ok

 15:38 <cpaelzer> as I said, do not feel as if you have to do everything on these

 15:38 <cpaelzer> just ensure they become handled

 15:38 <cpaelzer> instead of cluttering this view and blocking proposed migration

 15:38 <cpaelzer> ruby3.0 is on us and worked on

 15:38 <cpaelzer> then a few known false positives

 15:39 <cpaelzer> licensecheck -> libio-interactive-perl is the last

 15:39 <cpaelzer> another python lib for slyon

 15:39 <slyon> yes

 15:39 <cpaelzer> puh, that was as much as I was afraid it would be

 15:39 <cpaelzer> let us ensure with our teams to at least file bugs for those cases so that we can find the status from this view

 15:40 <cpaelzer> #topic New MIRs

 15:40 <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=NEW&field.status%3Alist=CONFIRMED&assignee_option=none&field.assignee=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 15:40 <cpaelzer> The first one is "new" again, I will talk about that one later in the "other business" section

 15:40 <cpaelzer> egl-wayland I need to have a loolk

 15:40 <cpaelzer> look

 15:41 <cpaelzer> oh this was the one waiting for proper non-automated test steps right?

 15:41 <sarnold> yeah

 15:41 <didrocks> indeed

 15:41 <cpaelzer> let us all have a look if we like the new answer now ...

 15:42 <cpaelzer> Not yet perfectly what I wanted, but kind of "good enough" and I'd not want this to be a victim of being "the first"

 15:42 <sarnold> same here

 15:43 <cpaelzer> I'd be tempted to say yes to this one, as I can now at least imagine what is to be tested

 15:43 <sarnold> at least, I hope it makes sense for desktopish folks to know what to do based o this

 15:43 <sarnold> I know I'd still need more hand-holding if it were me..

 15:43 <cpaelzer> votes please - +1 if you agree to ack this based on this

 15:43 <cpaelzer> +1

 15:43 <slyon> +1

 15:43 <sarnold> +1

 15:43 <didrocks> I’m still afraid on this kind of testing to not be completed per history, -1 for me

 15:44 <cpaelzer> didrocks: you mean the experience tells us it won't be doen - is that what you say?

 15:44 <didrocks> yeah, you won’t see right away the breakage and per history of the uploader, this won’t get fixed quickly

 15:45 <didrocks> but I’m in the minority camp, let’s hope I’m wrong :)

 15:45 <cpaelzer> This is a Desktoppy topic, you might bring it up on your side as well

 15:45 <cpaelzer> this is at least already better to what we had in the past

 15:45 <didrocks> well, desktop doesn’t maintaing the graphical part/acceleration of the stack

 15:45 <sarnold> oh. hmm.

 15:46 <cpaelzer> oh is that why it is kernel team subscribed?

 15:46 <didrocks> indeed, the kernel team does

 15:46 <didrocks> same with nvidia acceleration, where there are multi years bug like you enable acceleration, which disable it, and no action on it despite bugs reported, hence my concern

 15:46 <cpaelzer> hmm, I'm unsure then - let me do a simple question ont he bug, to be sure

 15:46 <cpaelzer> if the answer is good we can then ack based on the vote of today

 15:47 <didrocks> indeed

 15:47 <cpaelzer> I want to ask to commit som some regular frequency of testing this

 15:47 <didrocks> sounds like the good approach to me :)

 15:49 <cpaelzer> send https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/egl-wayland/+bug/1935082/comments/24

 15:49 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1935082 in egl-wayland (Ubuntu) "[MIR] egl-wayland" [Undecided, Confirmed]

 15:49 <cpaelzer> #topic Incomplete bugs / questions

 15:49 <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 15:50 <sarnold> thanks cpaelzer, nice

 15:50 <cpaelzer> last update on vulkan was the reivew, and I know it is being worked on e.g. to add the tests

 15:50 <cpaelzer> so this list is all fine

 15:50 <cpaelzer> let me get to the crowded next section of the meeting

 15:50 <cpaelzer> #topic Any other business?

 15:50 <cpaelzer> First of all a good and positive news :-)

 15:51 <cpaelzer> Lukas has done three great reviews and clearly seems to be able to follow the rules, help us to improve the team and IMHO should be allowed to "work alone" now.

 15:51 <cpaelzer> don't be too concerned if unsure I'm sure he will ask

 15:51 <cpaelzer> But that is just my opinion, therfore I wanted to call for +1/-1 on letting him handle things alone

 15:51 <cpaelzer> +1

 15:51 <sarnold> +1

 15:51 <didrocks> +1

 15:51 <slyon> +0 :)

 15:51 <sarnold> a halo? :)

 15:51 <cpaelzer> ok slyon doesn't have a vote and ddstreet jamespage are distracted by other things but we already reached qorum

 15:51 <cpaelzer> thanks

 15:52 <cpaelzer> slyon: and thanks for you helping the team

 15:52 <cpaelzer> !

 15:52 <sarnold> thanks slyon :)

 15:52 <cpaelzer> it won't be more formal than that slyon, sorry

 15:52 <slyon> thank you for your reviews and the approval!

 15:52 <cpaelzer> next topic, fuse3

 15:52 <didrocks> can we give him all MIRs now? kthxbye :)

 15:52 <cpaelzer> => https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/fuse3/+bug/1934510

 15:52 <cpaelzer> Rightfully asked by various Desktop people if we could consider to promote it now to unblock and resolve plenty of work now instead of last minute.

 15:52 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1934510 in fuse3 (Ubuntu) "[MIR] fuse3 as a dependency of qemu 6.0 and GNOME apps" [Undecided, New]

 15:52 <cpaelzer> Paride has had a look at all the affected subprojects and updated the status

 15:52 <cpaelzer> See https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/fuse3/+bug/1934510/comments/15

 15:52 <cpaelzer> I said the following but would like to sync and agree with you about it:

 15:52 <cpaelzer> "+1 to land and promote early (unblocking a lot) if the transition to demote fuse(2) can and will be completed inside the 22.04 cycle"

 15:52 <cpaelzer> Any opposing thoughts?

 15:52 <cpaelzer> Benefit: all teams can work on their dependencies soon instead of last minute

 15:53 <cpaelzer> Risk: if we do not manage to get fuse2 demoted in time we would have two fuses

 15:53 <cpaelzer> in 22.04 which is an LTS

 15:53 <cpaelzer> this mostly needs a +1 from the owning team and security

 15:53 <cpaelzer> = slyon + sarnold

 15:53 <slyon> +1 from foundations. We have all the patches ready and are working on the transition

 15:53 <cpaelzer> I'd be in favor of doing it this way (promoting now'ish), but what do you think?

 15:54 <didrocks> even if we don’t vote formally +1 as well, we did it multiple times in the past already and it worked well

 15:54 <cpaelzer> sarnold: I can tell you from VMWare that they want to do this for the next release, it doesn't exist yet but that much for intentions

 15:54 <sarnold> +1 -- lets get this going

 15:54 <cpaelzer> thanks

 15:54 <cpaelzer> I'll update the case

 15:56 <cpaelzer> bug updated

 15:56 <cpaelzer> and last but not least - the rewrite of our rules

 15:56 <cpaelzer> to be more readable, clear and useful

 15:56 <cpaelzer> https://github.com/cpaelzer/ubuntu-mir/pull/2

 15:56 <ubottu> Pull 2 in cpaelzer/ubuntu-mir "Unify rules and templates" [Open]

 15:56 <cpaelzer> I have an ack there by slyon didrocks and ddstreet

 15:56 <cpaelzer> and I wanted to thank you for cross reading it

 15:56 <cpaelzer> each iteration looking at it made me do improvements

 15:57 <cpaelzer> and the spriti here is "better than before, can be improved further"

 15:57 <slyon> Thanks for doing all this cleanup. Using the new template is much better than the previous approach.

 15:57 <cpaelzer> It is a building block and prereq to express what we want to do with rust

 15:57 <didrocks> well, thank **you** for doing this huge task :)

 15:57 <cpaelzer> thanks

 15:57 <cpaelzer> so +1/-1 for me landing those changes as shown here?

 15:57 <slyon> +1

 15:57 <cpaelzer> +1 from me (in case my vote counts)

 15:58 <cpaelzer> and as I said we had +1 from ddstreet and didrocks on the PR already

 15:58 <didrocks> yeah

 15:58 <cpaelzer> sarnold: jamespage: any opinion from you ?

 15:58 <sarnold> I'm sorry to say that I've not seen this in a few weeks and can't remember much about it

 15:58 <sarnold> this is vastly longer than I remember, which makes me wonder if I even remember the right thing

 15:59 <cpaelzer> ok, since we have reached qorum already how about /me updating it and you feel free to comment if you spot anything later

 15:59 <sarnold> ack, thanks

 15:59 <cpaelzer> great

 15:59 <cpaelzer> and now final topic

 15:59 <cpaelzer> swtpm

 15:59 * sarnold buries head in sand

 15:59 <cpaelzer> it was agreed that we need this and as usual now it is urgent

 15:59 <cpaelzer> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/swtpm/+bug/1948748

 15:59 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1948748 in swtpm (Ubuntu) "[MIR] swtpm" [Undecided, New]

 15:59 <cpaelzer> vorlon: and I have worked on this to get it to this stage asap

 16:00 <cpaelzer> but now it is on security

 16:00 <cpaelzer> given the constraints on this, anything that can be done to give this some prio in seucrity would propably be great

 16:00 <cpaelzer> "security"

 16:00 <sarnold> yeah, it's bumped python-cheroot

 16:00 <sarnold> I've run it through coverity so far, hooray for the easy building and no problems there :) I haven't started in on it yet

 16:01 <cpaelzer> thanks, as I said in the past if we can make anything to get you @sarnold more resources/prio let us know

 16:01 <cpaelzer> otherwise please just hear our call and do as much as you can :-)

 16:01 <cpaelzer> that would be my list of topics

 16:01 <sarnold> we've hired on some new folks and as they get settled, hopefully I'll be able to bring them up on MIRs :)

 16:01 <cpaelzer> still it seems there is hope

 16:01 <cpaelzer> anything else from you to discuss ?

 16:01 <sarnold> nothing from me

 16:01 <slyon> nothing here

 16:02 <cpaelzer> ok, I guess ddstreet and jamespage will continue to be distracted

 16:02 <cpaelzer> didrocks: from you anything?

 16:02 <didrocks> anything for me

 16:02 <didrocks> nothing*

 16:02 <jamespage> sorry - trying todo two meetings at once is multifailing

 16:02 <jamespage> but nothing more from me

 16:02 <didrocks> sorry, in another HO as well now :)

 16:02 <cpaelzer> I know, not problem jamespage

 16:02 <cpaelzer> s/not/no/

 16:02 <cpaelzer> ok, then thanks to all of you

 16:02 <cpaelzer> we made great steps forward

 16:02 <cpaelzer> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)