== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Community Council Meeting, started by linaporras, 03 Mar at 23:03 &mdash; 23:30 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://new.ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2021/ubuntu-meeting.2021-03-03-23.03.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== ESM and ‚ÄúStandard Support‚Äù vs. End of LIfe ===

Discussion started by linaporras at 23:05.


=== IRC council update ===

Discussion started by linaporras at 23:08.


=== LCRC next steps ===

Discussion started by linaporras at 23:10.

 * ''LINK:'' https://launchpad.net/~lcrc   (toddy, 23:14)

=== ESM benefit ===

Discussion started by linaporras at 23:16.




== People present (lines said) ==

 * linaporras (36)
 * teward (32)
 * Eickmeyer (18)
 * wxl (15)
 * toddy (8)
 * jose (6)
 * meetingology (3)



== Full log ==


 23:03 <linaporras> #startmeeting Community Council Meeting

 23:03 <meetingology> Meeting started at 23:03:19 UTC.  The chair is linaporras.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 23:03 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 23:03 <linaporras> chair jose wxl Eickmeyer toddy teward

 23:04 <linaporras> #chair  jose wxl Eickmeyer toddy teward

 23:04 <meetingology> Current chairs: Eickmeyer, jose, linaporras, teward, toddy, wxl

 23:04 <teward> also working a bit but still a tad busy of course :P

 23:04 <linaporras> Our meeting agenda was published yesterday at: https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/call-for-topics-community-council-meeting-20210303/21203

 23:05 <linaporras> #topic ESM and ‚ÄúStandard Support‚Äù vs. End of LIfe

 23:05 <linaporras> This is our first topic, jose mentioned at mailing list that would be a medium effort project...

 23:06 <linaporras> jose teward any comments on that?

 23:06 <jose> news I got today is, canonical is working on finalizing the product by April, and then they would be able to work on the wording/comms after that

 23:06 <toddy> cool

 23:06 <wxl> meaning we will have clarify on this in april or later, right?

 23:07 <wxl> s/ify/ity/

 23:07 <jose> we expect to start the content and documentation process in april, yes

 23:07 <linaporras> ok, so we will be back with this topic in april... (1 month)

 23:07 <jose> I'll check in with Thomas after the fact async since we're both half here

 23:08 <linaporras> ok. So if there is no more comments on that,  I will go to the next topic

 23:08 <linaporras> #topic IRC council update

 23:09 <Eickmeyer> nhaines was handling this, but he said he'd be a bit late.

 23:09 <linaporras> nhaines contacted the IRC Council through email and it seems that everything is working..

 23:10 <toddy> ok, than it is all fine there.

 23:10 <linaporras> I think that  this topic is ok, and we can move on...

 23:10 <wxl> yep

 23:10 <linaporras> #topic  LCRC next steps

 23:12 <toddy> Since the last meeting I have published the results of the election. I also created the Launchpad group and project.

 23:12 <wxl> thanks much on that, toddy!

 23:12 <linaporras> Regarding this topic toddy sent the e-mail with the results, I contacted them yesterday in order to organize the first meeting, so far naudy has answer and I will wait until this saturday to launch a doodle and agree on that.

 23:14 <linaporras> toddy: is there a link in launchpad for the project that you can share please?

 23:14 <toddy> #link https://launchpad.net/~lcrc

 23:14 <linaporras> thank u toddy

 23:15 <linaporras> anything on this topic?

 23:15 <linaporras> *anything else

 23:15 <wxl> nope

 23:15 <toddy> no

 23:15 <linaporras> cool!

 23:16 <linaporras> #topic ESM benefit

 23:16 <linaporras> I do not have the answer yet for this topic, so I think we will back on this in the next meeting

 23:17 <Eickmeyer> Was this something teward was handling?

 23:17 <teward> i don't remember that being a topic about "esm benefit"?

 23:17 <Eickmeyer> Yeah, I don't know where this topic came from either.

 23:17 <Eickmeyer> jose: ? ^

 23:17 <linaporras> last meeting we talked about that... and I take the task to look for the information...

 23:17 <jose> that's related to the first topic, so hold please

 23:18 <Eickmeyer> Ok

 23:18 <jose> I don't think it's a separate topic

 23:18 <linaporras> and see if this is a current benefit for the ubuntu members...

 23:18 <wxl> yes that

 23:18 <toddy> yes, I remember

 23:19 * Eickmeyer was mindlessly absent that meeting

 23:19 <linaporras> jajaja

 23:19 <teward> linaporras: ummmmmmm

 23:19 <teward> that's already answered

 23:19 <teward> it's on the UA-I site

 23:19 <teward> "Anyone can use UA Infrastructure Essential for free on up to 3 machines (limitations apply). All you need is an Ubuntu One account. And if you‚Äôre a recognised Ubuntu community member, it‚Äôs free on up to 50 machines."

 23:19 <teward> see https://ubuntu.com/advantage

 23:20 <teward> UA-I Essential "Free" is the ESM support

 23:20 <wxl> so we need to clarify that on the membership wiki i think

 23:20 <teward> ESM, LIvepatch, FIPS crypto modules, Common Criteria EAL2, Certified Windows rivers for KVM guests.

 23:20 <teward> the only difference is that you don't get Landscape for free with a members-level UA-I

 23:20 <linaporras> the task was confirm and update the wiki, so I guess the next step is update the wiki with the benefit...  jose suggest the previous meeting talk with the ubuntu membership board to update that...

 23:21 <wxl> i think that's a reasonable suggestion

 23:21 <teward> i can at least say that ESM and LIvepatch are part of the 'free for members' / 'free for 3 systems for perssonal use' part, i use both cases :P

 23:21 <teward> but yes that's a reasonable suggestion

 23:21 <wxl> i think teward should send an email to them since he appears to have a very clear understanding of this

 23:22 <teward> (for the record: I spent like 12 hours with a sales person from Canonical when researching UA-I for my FT job so)

 23:22 <wxl> ^ see? :)

 23:22 <linaporras> I sent an email yesterday, I can update with this new information and ask them for the wiki update

 23:22 <teward> i didn't discuss free membership stuff BUT I did get the info I need :P

 23:22 <teward> linaporras: CC me on that if they want me to give them the answer on "bare minimum available for members"

 23:23 <linaporras> ok cool!

 23:23 <teward> but also you have to be absolutely certain with a footnote that this does NOT get support from Canonical (paid support)

 23:23 <teward> so it's still technically 'community support only' but IRC doesn't support the ESM bits, and Ask Ubuntu is holding to the 'not supported' category because 'end of standard support' usually would mean community support too - at least that's how it was 14.04

 23:23 <teward> and 12.04

 23:24 <Eickmeyer> ^ Which is where the confusion lies and people assuming they get free support from Canonical, which is false AIUI.

 23:24 <teward> that's where we have to simply provide that detail

 23:24 <teward> it actually says in the terms of use agreement there that it doesn't include paid support :p

 23:24 <linaporras> Yes, that detail is really important!

 23:24 <teward> that's where "Limitations Apply" :p

 23:24 <teward> so as I said, CC me on it, I'll give them a rundown of what I"ve tested/confirmed on my 'free' UA-I

 23:25 <linaporras> oki!

 23:25 <teward> which includes ESM for old releases.

 23:25 <linaporras> so we do not have more topics, so do you have any new business jose teward Eickmeyer wxl toddy ?

 23:25 <jose> nothing on my end

 23:25 <wxl> not i

 23:26 <teward> not here, other than what's already been sent up the pipelines

 23:26 <Eickmeyer> typing stand by...

 23:26 <toddy> no new business from me

 23:26 <linaporras> nhaines?

 23:26 <Eickmeyer> So, without IRC and AU support (therefore no community support) AND no Canonical support, it basically means no support AIUI.

 23:26 <Eickmeyer> I've got no new business.

 23:26 <Eickmeyer> (was stuck on previous topic)

 23:26 <teward> Eickmeyer: i should point out that ESM at the UA-I level is essentially "security updates only"

 23:26 <teward> there's argument on Ask Ubuntu to 'support' it hence why the whole "What is End of Standard Support?" discussion

 23:26 <Eickmeyer> teward: Yeah, but no technical support either.

 23:27 <teward> Eickmeyer: unless the argument on Meta is to extend to cover ESM on Ask Ubuntu, but that's a meta.askubuntu.com problem and technically *outside* the governance of the CC because it's independent of the Canonical coverage.

 23:27 <Eickmeyer> Anyhow, in the interest of wrapping up the meeting...

 23:27 <linaporras> ü•¥

 23:27 <Eickmeyer> I've got nothing new.

 23:27 <teward> *yawns* I've got nothing new, unless you count my headache xD

 23:28 <linaporras> last question... who wants to chair the next meeting?

 23:28 <wxl> not it :)

 23:28 <Eickmeyer> *sigh* I probably should, but it happens in the middle of the workday for me.

 23:28 <wxl> do it

 23:28 <wxl> do it

 23:28 <wxl> do it

 23:29 <toddy> :D

 23:29 <teward> not it unless Eickmeyer can't chair.

 23:29 <teward> in which case i'll do it and go back to the end of the line :)

 23:29 <Eickmeyer> I really shouldn't unless I tell the workgroup that I'm chairing the meeting in advance. Like, before I commit.

 23:29 <teward> fine then i'll do it >.>

 23:29 <teward> Eickmeyer will owe me one.

 23:30 <Eickmeyer> I'll do the next one after that.

 23:30 <linaporras> ok

 23:30 <Eickmeyer> But that's subject to change.

 23:30 <linaporras> so we have finished

 23:30 <linaporras> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)