== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status meeting, started by cpaelzer, 13 Jul at 14:29 &mdash; 14:45 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://new.ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2021/ubuntu-meeting.2021-07-13-14.29.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== current component mismatches ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 14:31.

 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg   (cpaelzer, 14:31)
 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg   (cpaelzer, 14:31)

=== New MIRs ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 14:34.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=NEW&field.status%3Alist=CONFIRMED&assignee_option=none&field.assignee=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (cpaelzer, 14:34)

=== Incomplete bugs / questions ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 14:35.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (cpaelzer, 14:35)

=== Any other business? ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 14:36.




== People present (lines said) ==

 * cpaelzer (50)
 * sarnold (11)
 * didrocks (10)
 * doko (5)
 * bittin (3)
 * meetingology (2)
 * ubottu (2)
 * ddstreet (1)
 * didrocks999 (1)



== Full log ==


 14:29 <cpaelzer> #startmeeting Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status

 14:29 <meetingology> Meeting started at 14:29:46 UTC.  The chair is cpaelzer.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 14:29 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 14:30 <cpaelzer> ping sarnold jamespage ddstreet doko didrocks999 - MIR team meeting

 14:30 <ddstreet> o/

 14:30 <didrocks999> hey

 14:31 <sarnold> good morning

 14:31 <cpaelzer> hello everyone, no previous action items so let us start with

 14:31 <cpaelzer> #topic current component mismatches

 14:31 <cpaelzer> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg

 14:31 <cpaelzer> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg

 14:31 <cpaelzer> a lot of usual suspects (false positives and dormant seeds)

 14:31 <cpaelzer> what seems new to me is gnome-shell -> gtk4 -> fonts-cantarell

 14:32 <cpaelzer> didrocks:  that sounds liek you might know something about it

 14:32 <cpaelzer> hi doko

 14:32 <cpaelzer> just started component mismatches, gnome-shell ->... fonts-cantarell is the only new one

 14:33 <doko> o/

 14:33 <cpaelzer> didrocks: ? ^^

 14:33 <didrocks> cpaelzer: I’ve already dealt with gtk4, doing the review, fonts-cantarell is only if we promote the -examples, which we won’t

 14:33 <sarnold> woot

 14:33 <cpaelzer> so you'll adda an extra exclude or something and this ill vanish?

 14:33 <cpaelzer> will

 14:34 <didrocks> cpaelzer: I think it’s because the source is not promoted yet, but I’ll do it and look back

 14:34 <cpaelzer> well, ok

 14:34 <cpaelzer> thanks didrocks

 14:34 <cpaelzer> the important bit here is that it is under control and needs no action :-)

 14:34 <cpaelzer> #topic New MIRs

 14:34 <didrocks> yep:)

 14:34 <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=NEW&field.status%3Alist=CONFIRMED&assignee_option=none&field.assignee=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 14:34 <cpaelzer> empty \o/

 14:35 <cpaelzer> #topic Incomplete bugs / questions

 14:35 <didrocks> hourra!

 14:35 <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 14:35 <cpaelzer> fuse we mentioned last week - that now is a MIR project of foundations btw

 14:35 <cpaelzer> bugs against many packages that still have fuse2 are filed

 14:35 <cpaelzer> once all are ready we will transition, but that might take a while

 14:36 <cpaelzer> afaik ginggs seems to lead that effort

 14:36 <cpaelzer> nothing totally new in incomplete that we would not be aware of

 14:36 <cpaelzer> jamespage: I still consider the cherryp3 incomplete case on you btw

 14:36 <cpaelzer> #topic Any other business?

 14:36 <sarnold> yeah..

 14:37 <cpaelzer> I wanted to ask everyone for their respective teams - are there more things coming for 21.10 MIRs?

 14:37 <cpaelzer> we know we ahve a few blocked on the evey too busy security team

 14:37 <cpaelzer> but further ones that will come into the MIR queue - are there more expected/planned ?

 14:37 <sarnold> there's a v4l2loopback package that a commercial support group in canonical is looking to support in focal, hirsute, impish, and forward

 14:37 <didrocks> there is adsys coming (hopefully next week)

 14:38 <cpaelzer> ours (server) are already open MIRs (on security atm)

 14:38 <bittin> the security team is having a sprint next week i did hear in the latest https://ubuntusecuritypodcast.org/

 14:38 <didrocks> which will probably need a security review (and it’s a go package, with vendored deps)

 14:38 <sarnold> bittin: probably a company-wide roadmap review sprint

 14:38 <bittin> sarnold: might be

 14:38 <doko> well, yes, my impression was that ginggs wanted some input from the package owners ...

 14:39 <sarnold> the nice folks working on v4l2loopback haven't done the 'usual mir' process; they've so far been doing everything via email

 14:39 <cpaelzer> doko: on the few that I saw I was dealing with the cases

 14:39 <doko> ok, is desktop doing the same?

 14:39 <cpaelzer> doko: but surely there are more that I've not seen

 14:39 <cpaelzer> sarnold: what does that mean - did they send a mail directly to -security ?

 14:39 <sarnold> has anyone else been doing similar work on the v4l2loopback package 'out of usual channels'?

 14:39 <sarnold> cpaelzer: yes

 14:40 <doko> e.g. https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/xdg-desktop-portal/+bug/1935668

 14:40 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1935668 in xdg-desktop-portal (Ubuntu) "Please switch to fuse3" [Undecided, New]

 14:40 <cpaelzer> no I didn't see/get and v4l2loopback info

 14:40 <cpaelzer> thanks for the info on adsys didrocks

 14:40 <cpaelzer> didrocks: that xdg / fuse question is for you I guess

 14:41 <sarnold> cpaelzer: I know we've got a flood of packages with names I can't remember all doing some supported things without much input / involvement from us, and I was curious where / how those sorts of exceptions from usual process are documented, and if I need to be asking this team to move to a public MIR bug

 14:41 <didrocks> yeah, but I don’t know as I’m not doing GNOME work for some years now, I can be the man in the middle ofc and ask

 14:41 <cpaelzer> sarnold: I'd answer to those mails pushing them to the official process - or do they have a good reason to go "secretly"

 14:41 <cpaelzer> thanks didrocks

 14:41 <sarnold> cpaelzer: good question

 14:42 <cpaelzer> sarnold: if the intended use case is NOT promotion in the acrhive they might "only ask you"

 14:42 <didrocks> but right now, just reading the message looks like we should hold it: https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/xdg-desktop-portal/+bug/1935668/comments/2

 14:42 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1935668 in xdg-desktop-portal (Ubuntu) "Please switch to fuse3" [Undecided, New]

 14:42 <cpaelzer> and skip the normal MIR process

 14:42 <didrocks> unsure if this is what doko is referring to as giving the bug # here

 14:42 <cpaelzer> didrocks: yeah it is about assessing the situation to be "ready to move"

 14:42 <cpaelzer> didrocks: not about uploading a change now

 14:43 <didrocks> ack

 14:43 <doko> right, we don't want to have two versions of fuse in main, therefore coordinating the switch ...

 14:43 <sarnold> cpaelzer: okay, cool, I can work with this; I'll re-read the emails and see if it's actual promotion in the archive or if it's something else that they're after, and ask them to use the public process if it's archive promotion. thanks :)

 14:43 <cpaelzer> great sarnold

 14:44 <cpaelzer> I guess "that is it" for today then

 14:44 <cpaelzer> thanks for the sync @everony

 14:45 <cpaelzer> see you all next week

 14:45 <bittin> cyas

 14:45 <cpaelzer> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)