== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team meeting, started by bdmurray, 09 Dec at 16:01 &mdash; 16:40 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2021/ubuntu-meeting.2021-12-09-16.01.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning Round ===

Discussion started by bdmurray at 16:01.

 * ''LINK:'' https://code.launchpad.net/~slyon/ubuntu-seeds/+git/platform/+merge/412899   (slyon, 16:05)

=== Release Incoming Bugs ===

Discussion started by bdmurray at 16:11.

 * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-jj-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs   (bdmurray, 16:11)

=== Team proposed-migration report ===

Discussion started by bdmurray at 16:18.

 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs   (vorlon, 16:19)

=== AOB ===

Discussion started by bdmurray at 16:39.




== People present (lines said) ==

 * bdmurray (56)
 * vorlon (49)
 * ubottu (28)
 * sil2100 (27)
 * slyon (21)
 * waveform (15)
 * dbungert (11)
 * juliank (10)
 * jawn-smith (10)
 * doko (7)
 * schopin (6)
 * ginggs (5)
 * ogayot (5)
 * meetingology (2)
 * mclemenceau (1)
 * xypron (1)



== Full log ==


 16:01 <bdmurray> #startmeeting Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team

 16:01 <meetingology> Meeting started at 16:01:40 UTC.  The chair is bdmurray.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 16:01 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 16:01 <mclemenceau> o/

 16:01 <bdmurray> #topic Lightning Round

 16:02 * bdmurray does the shuffle

 16:02 <bdmurray> sil2100 alexghiti schopin vorlon dbungert ginggs slyon waveform juliank ogayot jawn-smith mwhudson xypron bdmurray doko

 16:02 <bdmurray> sil2100: ready?

 16:02 <sil2100> Oh

 16:02 <sil2100> Yes

 16:02 <sil2100> * Half-day off last Friday

 16:02 <sil2100> * +1 Maintenance

 16:02 <sil2100> - Sadly, couldn't spend 100% of time on that

 16:02 <sil2100> * SRU reviews and releases

 16:02 <sil2100> * Ubuntu Core:

 16:02 <sil2100> - Tested refreshed ubuntu-core 18 amd64 images on kvm

 16:02 <sil2100> - Released the ubuntu-core 18 images to stable

 16:02 <sil2100> - Phased out a new core20 release to stable

 16:03 <sil2100> - Worked on another alert script informing about new snaps waiting in the candidate channel

 16:03 <sil2100> - Investigated issue regarding the rebuild automation triggering core20 snaps 'too early'

 16:03 <sil2100> - Prepared fix using rmadison output to the issue above

 16:03 <sil2100> * Ubuntu Image:

 16:03 <sil2100> - Reviewed PR adding the --validation flag from William

 16:03 <sil2100> - Reviewed PR for fixes to Pi fstab handling from William

 16:03 <sil2100> - Digging into some issues with --snaps for UC20

 16:03 <sil2100> * Take home test reviews

 16:03 <sil2100> * Performing a work estimate for backporting lldpd from jammy to xenial

 16:03 <sil2100> - Did a test build, ran autopkgtests - all looking good

 16:03 <sil2100> * Intel IOT minor work

 16:03 <sil2100> * Discussion and sending out 20.04.4 release date changes announcements

 16:03 <sil2100> * Work on the WSL cdimage/isotracker spec

 16:03 <sil2100> * Investigating the feasibility of some custom ISO builds

 16:03 <sil2100> (done)

 16:03 <bdmurray> alex is out

 16:03 <bdmurray> schopin:

 16:03 <schopin> * Investigated gobject-introspection related autopkgtest regressions, fruitlessly so far

 16:03 <schopin> * A bunch of OpenSSL 3.0 related uploads

 16:03 <schopin> * Some PTO

 16:04 <schopin> * Started working on an MIR for the Rust build ecosystem

 16:04 <schopin> ✓ done

 16:04 <bdmurray> vorlon:

 16:04 <vorlon> * tag-teamed tracking down the pam autopkgtest regressions (regression in handling of an entry in /etc/environment without a trailing newline)

 16:04 <vorlon> * fixed opencv regressions, then found we had merged the one version of opencv that broke ABI; re-merged it, rebuilt it again after libgdal30 landed, now is actually close to being migratable

 16:04 <vorlon> * found that it had a dependency on the new poppler migrating; fixed a segfault in new poppler that broke r-cran-pdftools autopkgtests, now discussing the fix with upstream

 16:04 <vorlon> * batch uploads of rebuilds against libssl3

 16:05 <vorlon> * chasing down individual reverse-dependencies of openssl that were FTBFS in proposed, fixing or removing

 16:05 <vorlon> * batch uploads against libgdal30

 16:05 <vorlon> (done)

 16:05 <dbungert> * node-jquery - fix remaining regressions with retests with the right triggers

 16:05 <dbungert> * numpy - fix remaining regressions with retests and with an upload for

 16:05 <dbungert> LP: #1953205 and debian bug 997756

 16:05 <dbungert> * subiquity and os-prober - support ready for os-prober, working to

 16:05 <dbungert> incoroporate os-prober into the subiquity snap

 16:05 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1953205 in python-meshplex (Ubuntu) "FTBFS on s390x or with new python-meshio" [Undecided, Fix Released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1953205

 16:05 <dbungert> * subiquity and proxy - LP: #1953619 - fixed

 16:05 <ubottu> Debian bug 997756 in src:python-meshplex "python-meshplex: FTBFS: sed: no input files" [Serious, Open] https://bugs.debian.org/997756

 16:05 <dbungert> * subiquity and ubuntu-advantage - helping plan the integration

 16:05 <dbungert> * curtin - 21.3 release

 16:05 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1953619 in subiquity (Ubuntu) "Proxy settings are not applied to the installed system" [Undecided, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1953619

 16:05 <dbungert> (done)

 16:05 <bdmurray> ginggs:

 16:05 <ginggs> * still busy adding python3.10 as a supported version

 16:05 <ginggs> * helped numpy migrate

 16:05 <ginggs> * IBM merged my fuse3 changes to s390-tools \o/ LP: #1935666

 16:05 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1935666 in Ubuntu on IBM z Systems "s390-tools FTBFS when built with libfuse3-dev" [High, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1935666

 16:05 <ginggs> (done)

 16:05 <slyon> - sponsored systemd 249.5-2ubuntu2 (LP: #1650688)

 16:05 <slyon> - refining systemd SRUs (incl. some PPA pre-testing with other teams)

 16:05 <slyon> - discussions around dbus/systemd crash, LP: #1871538

 16:05 <slyon> - take-home test review

 16:05 <slyon> - MIR request dh-elpa-helper (LP: #1951066)

 16:05 <slyon> - MIR review/approval libdecor-0 (LP: #1952130)

 16:05 <slyon> - MIR ccache vs hiredis => unseeded ccache, needs AA for demotion

 16:05 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1650688 in Snappy "timedatectl set-timezone fails on UC16" [High, Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1650688

 16:05 <slyon> https://code.launchpad.net/~slyon/ubuntu-seeds/+git/platform/+merge/412899

 16:05 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1871538 in dbus (Ubuntu Impish) "dbus timeout-ed during an upgrade, taking services down including gdm" [High, Incomplete] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1871538

 16:05 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1951066 in dh-elpa (Ubuntu) "[MIR] dh-elpa" [Undecided, Incomplete] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1951066

 16:05 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1952130 in libdecor-0 (Ubuntu) "[MIR] libdecor-0" [Undecided, In Progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1952130

 16:05 <slyon> === Netplan ===

 16:05 <slyon> - Prepared https://github.com/canonical/netplan/pull/247 to fix NM integration

 16:05 <slyon> issue, needs testing & review (LP: #1952967)

 16:05 <slyon> - Fixed Focal/riscv issue with latest SRU & re-verification

 16:05 <slyon> - Looking into https://github.com/canonical/netplan/pull/244 review

 16:05 <slyon> ✓ done

 16:05 <ubottu> Pull 247 in canonical/netplan "keyfile: do not try to write out unvalidated YAML" [Open]

 16:05 <ubottu> Pull 244 in canonical/netplan "Disable temporary address generation when renderer is NetworkManager …" [Open]

 16:06 <bdmurray> waveform:

 16:06 <waveform> * Figured out the missing system-boot partition on jammy server images was due to new ubuntu-image (LP: #1950677 and https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-image/pull/30)

 16:06 <waveform> * Investigated reports of 5GHz wifi not working on Core 18 images (on Pi 4 only)

 16:06 <waveform> * Awaiting permissions request for pi-bluetooth on Core 18 (https://forum.snapcraft.io/t/auto-connection-request-pi-bluetooth/27748)

 16:06 <waveform> * Worked on fixing update-initramfs on Pi Zero 2 under impish and jammy (LP: #1950214)

 16:06 <waveform> * ... which needs some administrivia on lz4 (LP: #1953407)

 16:06 <waveform> * ... and found that 21.04.3 got missed in the history of ubuntu-settings (included missing changes in patch for the above)

 16:06 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1950677 in ubuntu-image (Ubuntu Jammy) "Pi images for jammy exclude boot partition mount" [Undecided, In Progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1950677

 16:06 <waveform> * ... and fell down a related rabbit hole of compression comparisons (https://github.com/waveform80/compression/blob/master/analysis.ipynb)

 16:06 <ubottu> Pull 30 in canonical/ubuntu-image "FR-1904 Use regex to label rootfs rather than clobbering fstab" [Merged]

 16:06 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1950214 in ubuntu-settings (Ubuntu Jammy) "raspi 64 bit Impish image fails update-initramfs with OOM on zstd" [Undecided, Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1950214

 16:06 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1953407 in lz4 (Ubuntu) "[MIR] lz4 (again!)" [Undecided, Fix Committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1953407

 16:06 <waveform> * Tested fixes for needrestart breaking bluetooth on Pi (LP: #1953046)

 16:06 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1953046 in pi-bluetooth (Ubuntu) "needrestart should ignore hciuart.service" [Undecided, Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1953046

 16:06 <waveform> * Take home test

 16:06 <waveform> * Pi meetings

 16:06 <waveform> (done)

 16:06 <bdmurray> juliank:

 16:07 <juliank> * grub 2.06 uploaded to jammy

 16:07 <juliank> * command-not-found 22.04

 16:07 <juliank> * upstream grub work

 16:07 <juliank> * revisiting default initramfs compression thread

 16:07 <juliank> (done)

 16:07 <bdmurray> ogayot:

 16:07 <ogayot> * Continuing with enboarding phase

 16:07 <ogayot> * Added first stage implementation of Ubuntu Advantage integration into Subiquity (PR opened)

 16:07 <ogayot> * Working on implementing second stage

 16:08 <ogayot> * Fixed issue with libwww-mechanize-shell-perl blocking some packages in proposed migrations (LP: #1953344)

 16:08 <ogayot> (done)

 16:08 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1953344 in libwww-mechanize-shell-perl (Ubuntu) "Autopkgtest failure with HTTP proxy" [Undecided, Fix Released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1953344

 16:08 <jawn-smith> * ubuntu-image

 16:08 <jawn-smith> * LP: #1950677 fix fstab logic discovered in raspi images

 16:08 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1950677 in ubuntu-image (Ubuntu Jammy) "Pi images for jammy exclude boot partition mount" [Undecided, In Progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1950677

 16:08 <jawn-smith> * LP: #1933665 add validation flag

 16:08 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1933665 in snapd "Refresh Control is not supported by ubuntu-image" [High, Fix Committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1933665

 16:08 <jawn-smith> * RISC-V summit

 16:08 <jawn-smith> * uploaded dpkg changes to check for @canonical.com email addresses in addition to @ubuntu.com

 16:08 <jawn-smith> [done]

 16:08 <bdmurray> jawn-smith: it looks like we'll need a dpkg merge soon

 16:08 <bdmurray> xypron:

 16:09 <xypron> I was this week at the RISC-V summit. We were demonstrating Ubuntu on SiFive Unmatched <done/>

 16:09 <doko> - preparing power9 builds

 16:09 <doko> - test rebuilds with published packages not working, filed LP issue

 16:09 <doko> - meeting with compiler engineers about long-double format changes on ppc64el

 16:09 <doko> - some python migration work

 16:09 <doko> - filed more upstream issues for GCC 12 bootstrap issues

 16:09 <doko> (done)

 16:09 <bdmurray> sponsored netcat-openbsd merge for waveform

 16:09 <bdmurray> investigation into pycountry autopkgtest failures LP: #1953072

 16:09 <bdmurray> investigation into focal ISO image being oversized

 16:09 <bdmurray> uploaded SRU (f,h,i) fixes for LP: #1821412

 16:09 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1953072 in pycountry (Debian) "pycountry: FTBFS: dh_auto_test: error: pybuild --test -i python{version} -p 3.9 returned exit code 13" [Unknown, Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1953072

 16:09 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1821412 in update-notifier (Ubuntu Impish) "'System program problem' report button does nothing" [High, Fix Committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1821412

 16:09 <bdmurray> investigation into F to J upgrades failing (LP: #1951096)

 16:09 <bdmurray> confirmed the above is fixed now

 16:09 <bdmurray> sru-verification of lintian (LP: #1951310)

 16:09 <bdmurray> sent 21.04 EoL warning email

 16:10 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1951096 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu Jammy) "Dist upgrade from focal to jammy fails to calculate due to libsmbclient being greater in focal" [High, Fix Released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1951096

 16:10 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1951310 in lintian (Ubuntu) "add Jammy as a known release to lintian" [Undecided, Fix Committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1951310

 16:10 <bdmurray> digging into a dist-upgrade failure from an ubuntu-announce reader

 16:10 <bdmurray> built, uploaded a Focal version of gdb fixing LP: #1927192

 16:10 <bdmurray> built a jammy arm64 server live image for paride with a PPA package

 16:10 <bdmurray> investigation into ntp not being on merges.ubuntu.com

 16:10 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1927192 in gdb "gdb ftbfs on armhf, testsuite timeouts" [Medium, Incomplete] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1927192

 16:10 <bdmurray> submitted an MP for lp-ftbfs-report

 16:10 <bdmurray> merged seed change dropping ccache

 16:10 <bdmurray> interviews

 16:10 <bdmurray> ✔ done

 16:10 <bdmurray> Any questions about status?

 16:11 <bdmurray> #topic Release Incoming Bugs

 16:11 <bdmurray> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-jj-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 16:12 <bdmurray> bug 1953135

 16:12 <ubottu> Bug 1953135 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu) "Incorrect symlink checking => Your python3 install is corrupted." [Undecided, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1953135

 16:13 <bdmurray> It sounds like the check is wrong and its an easy fix so let's just do it

 16:13 <bdmurray> bug 1953470 was unrecreatable so let's leave it alone

 16:13 <ubottu> Bug 1953470 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu) "VM fails to reach user session after dist upgrade from focal to jammy" [Undecided, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1953470

 16:13 <vorlon> mark the bug incomplete?

 16:13 <bdmurray> Okay

 16:14 <bdmurray> bug 1953046

 16:14 <ubottu> Bug 1953046 in pi-bluetooth (Ubuntu) "needrestart should ignore hciuart.service" [Undecided, Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1953046

 16:14 <waveform> I'm nearly done testing the fix for that one (will post a debdiff for it shortly)

 16:14 <bdmurray> A card would probably be helpful to track sponsoring it

 16:15 <bdmurray> Also will it need SRU'ing

 16:15 <bdmurray> ?

 16:15 <waveform> yes, it probably will

 16:15 <waveform> (as for sponsoring, I have upload rights on that pkg)

 16:15 <jawn-smith> I can sponsor that one :)

 16:15 <bdmurray> Okay so we'll make the card to track the SRU and not the sponsorship

 16:16 <bdmurray> rls-ii-incoming is empty

 16:16 <bdmurray> so is rls-ff-incoming for foundations but I did notice another bug

 16:16 <bdmurray> bug 1869218

 16:16 <ubottu> Bug 1869218 in Ubuntu "FOOTER.html does not work on cdimage.ubuntu.com ppa.launchpad.net" [Undecided, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1869218

 16:16 <bdmurray> Based off laney's last comment it looks like we should submit an RT for that

 16:17 <bdmurray> I'll just go ahead and submit that RT, I don't think we need a card for it though

 16:18 <bdmurray> #topic Team proposed-migration report

 16:18 <bdmurray> vorlon:

 16:19 <vorlon> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs

 16:19 <vorlon> only 49 packages, whoo

 16:19 <vorlon> python-crypto: skipping as discussed

 16:19 <vorlon> dbus-python: this one has been stuck as a candidate for a while, the problem is it drops some debug binary packages which break reverse-dependencies; so needs attention

 16:20 <vorlon> dbungert: was this one you were working on before?

 16:20 <slyon> that was on me last time, let me have another look

 16:20 <vorlon> slyon: ok thanks

 16:20 <dbungert> vorlon: I was looking at packages that depended on dbus-python so related but not my task exactly

 16:21 <vorlon> libregexp-pattern-license-perl, licensecheck: this also needs attention (failing autopkgtests)

 16:21 <vorlon> though it's also still blocked by the MIR, so not urgent

 16:21 <vorlon> if someone wants it please take it, otherwise I'll skip it for now

 16:22 <juliank> the MIR needs to be fully written

 16:22 <vorlon> oh

 16:22 <vorlon> who's doing that?

 16:22 <slyon> it's not yet assigned

 16:22 <slyon> but in the backlog

 16:22 <vorlon> hmm ok

 16:23 <vorlon> since it's a proposed-migration task, can someone take it now and take the card? :)

 16:23 <vorlon> slyon?

 16:24 <juliank> MIR link: https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/libio-interactive-perl/+bug/1951067

 16:24 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1951067 in libio-interactive-perl (Ubuntu) "[MIR] libio-interactive-perl" [Undecided, Incomplete]

 16:24 <juliank> (also needed for lintian)

 16:25 <vorlon> let's give this to ogayot

 16:25 <juliank> (lintian also needs libio-prompt-tiny-perl too, fwiw)

 16:26 <vorlon> schopin: we discussed gobject-introspection last week, did you have a chance to look at it again?

 16:26 <slyon> I did plenty of MIR work recently and would like to pass on this (so I can do the reviews on the other side of the table)

 16:27 <schopin> vorlon: yes. I *think* the issues are related to the Python 3.10 and Ruby 3.0 migrations. I still have to come up with the fixes.

 16:27 <vorlon> schopin: ok

 16:27 <vorlon> iso-codes

 16:27 <vorlon> bdmurray: are you still on this one?

 16:27 <bdmurray> I found some upstream patches and since it is moving I guess we should incorporate them

 16:28 <vorlon> ginggs: python3-defaults?

 16:31 <vorlon> sounds like we have a plan on python3-defaults (reviewing the remaining regressions and probably hinting to skip the rest)

 16:31 <ginggs> i plan to go through the bug reports filed in debian and see if we have failures that don't have bugs filed

 16:32 <vorlon> slyon: are you still on cmake?

 16:32 <slyon> vorlon: yes. I did the component-mismatch/MIR work, but there are some more failures that need looking at

 16:32 <vorlon> ok

 16:32 <vorlon> sed ftbfs on armhf

 16:33 <vorlon> waveform: would you like this one? :)

 16:33 <waveform> vorlon, ok :)

 16:33 <vorlon> git breaks mercurial (again)

 16:33 <vorlon> sil2100: can you take this?

 16:34 <sil2100> ah yes

 16:34 <sil2100> !

 16:34 <vorlon> lxml is another package that's dropping debug packages, so making revdeps uninstallable

 16:34 <vorlon> juliank: can you take lxml please?

 16:34 <juliank> ack

 16:34 <vorlon> ccache is just a demotion, I'll take care of that now

 16:34 <slyon> bdmurray sponsored my ccache unseeding (thanks!), this needs an AA for demoting

 16:34 <slyon> thanks vorlon

 16:34 <vorlon> lintian, MIRs discussed above; there's also an autopkgtest regression there

 16:34 <vorlon> doko: could you look at lintian vs lintian-brush?

 16:35 <doko> ok

 16:35 <vorlon> thanks

 16:35 <vorlon> perl-openssl-defaults is fun, libcrypt-openssl-pkcs10-perl needs fixed or removed vis-à-vis openssl 3

 16:35 <vorlon> dbungert: ^^ do you want to look at this?

 16:35 <dbungert> vorlon: ack

 16:36 <vorlon> jawn-smith: are you available to take one for the coming week?

 16:36 <jawn-smith> I'm on +1 this week, does that disqualify me?

 16:36 <jawn-smith> I can take one if not

 16:36 <vorlon> jawn-smith: libio-socket-ssl-perl vs libnet-ssleay-perl, please :)

 16:37 <jawn-smith> got it o/

 16:37 <vorlon> did I miss anyone?

 16:38 <bdmurray> mwhudson: ?

 16:38 <vorlon> fwiw I notice fwupd is missing a corresponding upload of fwupd-signed, if someone wanted to do a quick upload of that

 16:38 <vorlon> bdmurray: he has python-click still :)

 16:39 <vorlon> bdmurray: back to you

 16:39 <bdmurray> #topic AOB

 16:39 <bdmurray> Anything else going on?

 16:39 <bdmurray> The 20.04.4 point release was moved

 16:40 <bdmurray> Okay, thanks everybody!

 16:40 <bdmurray> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)