== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting meeting, started by vorlon, 18 May at 19:04 &mdash; 19:12 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://new.ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2021/ubuntu-meeting.2021-05-18-19.04.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== apologies ===

Discussion started by vorlon at 19:04.


=== Action review ===

Discussion started by vorlon at 19:04.


=== Scan the mailing list archive for anything we missed ===

Discussion started by vorlon at 19:09.


=== Check up on community bugs ===

Discussion started by vorlon at 19:10.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu-community/+bugs?field.assignee=techboard   (vorlon, 19:10)

=== Select a chair for the next meeting ===

Discussion started by vorlon at 19:11.

 * ''AGREED:'' rbasak as chair, sil2100 as backup  (vorlon, 19:11)

=== AOB ===

Discussion started by vorlon at 19:11.




== People present (lines said) ==

 * vorlon (31)
 * sil2100 (6)
 * meetingology (3)
 * cyphermox (3)
 * mdeslaur (3)



== Full log ==


 19:04 <vorlon> #startmeeting

 19:04 <meetingology> Meeting started at 19:04:33 UTC.  The chair is vorlon.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 19:04 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 19:04 <sil2100> Sorry about that

 19:04 <vorlon> #topic apologies

 19:04 <vorlon> rbasak sent his apologies to the mailing list

 19:04 <vorlon> #topic Action review

 19:05 * vorlon Wimpress To follow-up on-list with design review to address MATE Boutique security/consent concerns.

 19:05 <vorlon> rbasak addressed this in his mail to the TB; waiting for someone from ubuntu-mate to speak up for the flavor this cycle

 19:05 * vorlon vorlon to circle around with store, snapcraft, et all, and revise the snap source revision policy to be more clear with regards to rebuildability and GPL compliance.

 19:05 <vorlon> carry-over

 19:05 * vorlon vorlon to reply to seeded snap upload permissions question on list

 19:06 <vorlon> carry-over :/

 19:06 <cyphermox> o/

 19:06 * vorlon sil2100 to start a draft summarizing the OEM archive portion of the meeting which xnox and TB will review, edit, and ratify before we move on to figuring out the next step

 19:06 <vorlon> sil2100: ?

 19:06 <sil2100> ...sadly carry over still, but I'm thinking about it all the time!

 19:06 <vorlon> :)

 19:06 <sil2100> Like, thinking about doing it

 19:06 <sil2100> ;)

 19:06 * vorlon vorlon to update the list for Thunderbird update (https://irclogs.ubuntu.com/2021/01/26/%23ubuntu-meeting.html#t20:22)

 19:06 <vorlon> carry-over

 19:06 <mdeslaur> :)

 19:06 * vorlon vorlon to respond on list to seb128 on ~ubuntu-archive, ~ubuntu-sru, ~ubuntu-release team rules

 19:07 <vorlon> this is done https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/technical-board/2021-April/002553.html

 19:07 <vorlon> no one else has followed up on that, does that mean everyone is happy?

 19:09 <cyphermox> sounds good to me

 19:09 <mdeslaur> +1 from me

 19:09 <vorlon> ok

 19:09 <vorlon> no new agenda items, so:

 19:09 <vorlon> #topic Scan the mailing list archive for anything we missed

 19:10 <vorlon> aside from the above mentioned thread, the only activity is apologies mails, so we're good here

 19:10 <vorlon> #topic Check up on community bugs

 19:10 <vorlon> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu-community/+bugs?field.assignee=techboard

 19:10 <vorlon> empty

 19:10 <sil2100> \o/

 19:11 <vorlon> #topic Select a chair for the next meeting

 19:11 <vorlon> appears to be: rbasak as chair, sil2100 as backup

 19:11 <vorlon> #agreed rbasak as chair, sil2100 as backup

 19:11 <meetingology> AGREED: rbasak as chair, sil2100 as backup

 19:11 <vorlon> #topic AOB

 19:11 <vorlon> anything else to discuss today?

 19:11 <mdeslaur> I have nothing

 19:11 <sil2100> Nothing from me

 19:12 <cyphermox> nada

 19:12 <vorlon> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)