== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status meeting, started by cpaelzer_, 30 Mar at 14:33 &mdash; 14:38 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://new.ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2021/ubuntu-meeting.2021-03-30-14.33.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== current component mismatches ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer_ at 14:34.

 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg   (cpaelzer_, 14:34)
 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg   (cpaelzer_, 14:34)
 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/opensbi/+bug/1906668   (cpaelzer_, 14:35)
 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/u-boot-menu/+bug/1907284   (cpaelzer_, 14:35)
 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=NEW&assignee_option=none&field.assignee=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (cpaelzer_, 14:36)

=== Any other business? ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer_ at 14:37.




== People present (lines said) ==

 * cpaelzer_ (26)
 * doko (3)
 * sarnold (3)
 * meetingology (2)
 * ubottu (2)



== Full log ==


 14:33 <cpaelzer_> #startmeeting Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status

 14:33 <meetingology> Meeting started at 14:33:18 UTC.  The chair is cpaelzer_.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 14:33 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 14:33 <cpaelzer_> sarnold: ddstreet: doko: didrocks: jamespage: ping for MIR meeting

 14:33 <cpaelzer_> no actions of last week to discuss

 14:34 <cpaelzer_> #topic current component mismatches

 14:34 <cpaelzer_> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg

 14:34 <cpaelzer_> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg

 14:34 <cpaelzer_> due to the freezes - no changes at this

 14:34 <doko> o/

 14:34 <sarnold> good morning

 14:34 <cpaelzer_> the one thing there is that a few are "promotable"

 14:34 <cpaelzer_> opensbi and u-boot-menu are

 14:34 <cpaelzer_> security review was completed, and I mvoed their state forward

 14:35 <cpaelzer_> doko would you mind to later promote those two now that they are ready ?

 14:35 <cpaelzer_> that is

 14:35 <cpaelzer_> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/opensbi/+bug/1906668

 14:35 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1906668 in opensbi (Ubuntu) "[MIR] opensbi" [Undecided,Fix committed]

 14:35 <cpaelzer_> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/u-boot-menu/+bug/1907284

 14:35 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1907284 in u-boot-menu (Ubuntu) "[MIR] u-boot-menu" [Undecided,Fix committed]

 14:36 <cpaelzer_> nftables we discussed two weeks ago, there still nothing changed and it is on sarnold (for next cycle)

 14:36 <cpaelzer_> I'll also skip "new MIRs" as the list is empty today

 14:36 <cpaelzer_> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=NEW&assignee_option=none&field.assignee=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 14:37 <cpaelzer_> nor are there new entries in incomplete bugs

 14:37 <cpaelzer_> therefore we are almost at the end (this is a nice time in the cycle)

 14:37 <cpaelzer_> #topic Any other business?

 14:37 <cpaelzer_> open question to doko - to promote the two aforementioned packages

 14:37 <sarnold> none from me

 14:37 <doko> ok, will do

 14:37 <cpaelzer_> thank you

 14:38 <cpaelzer_> any open topic from you doko ?

 14:38 <doko> no

 14:38 <cpaelzer_> then enjoy this time, in 8 weeks it will be much more noisy here :-)

 14:38 <cpaelzer_> closing the meeting ...

 14:38 <sarnold> hehe;

 14:38 <cpaelzer_> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)