== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team meeting, started by bdmurray, 03 Jun at 15:02 &mdash; 15:18 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://new.ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2021/ubuntu-meeting.2021-06-03-15.02.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning Round ===

Discussion started by bdmurray at 15:02.


=== Release Incoming Bugs ===

Discussion started by bdmurray at 15:08.

 * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ii-incoming-bug-tasks.html   (bdmurray, 15:08)
 * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-hh-incoming-bug-tasks.html   (bdmurray, 15:08)
 * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ff-incoming-bug-tasks.html   (bdmurray, 15:10)

=== Proposed Migration ===

Discussion started by bdmurray at 15:10.

 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs   (bdmurray, 15:11)

=== AOB ===

Discussion started by bdmurray at 15:16.




== People present (lines said) ==

 * bdmurray (41)
 * jawn-smith (9)
 * ubottu (9)
 * dbungert (9)
 * doko (5)
 * meetingology (2)
 * mclemenceau (1)



== Full log ==


 15:02 <bdmurray> #startmeeting Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team

 15:02 <meetingology> Meeting started at 15:02:10 UTC.  The chair is bdmurray.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 15:02 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 15:02 <bdmurray> #topic Lightning Round

 15:02 <bdmurray> echo $(shuf -e vorlon bdmurray doko sil2100 rbalint mwhudson juliank waveform slyon jawnsmith dbungert)

 15:02 <bdmurray> slyon waveform jawnsmith rbalint doko sil2100 juliank dbungert bdmurray mwhudson vorlon

 15:02 <bdmurray> so several people are out

 15:03 <bdmurray> jawn-smith is not though!

 15:03 <jawn-smith> * short week due to vacation

 15:03 <jawn-smith> * LP: #1903351 fix handling of EACCESS and EROFS in procps

 15:03 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1903351 in procps (Ubuntu Groovy) "ignore_eacces and ignore_erofs patches don't work properly" [Medium, In Progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1903351

 15:03 <jawn-smith> * LP: #1912371 addressing Lintian concerns in flashrom

 15:03 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1912371 in libftdi1 (Ubuntu) "[MIR] flashrom + libftdi" [Undecided, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1912371

 15:04 <jawn-smith> * Rewrite ubuntu-image in go:

 15:04 <jawn-smith> - Decided to use jessevdk/go-flags rather than cobra.

 15:04 <jawn-smith> - snapd has unexported code to help with formatting

 15:04 <jawn-smith> - need to follow up with snapd team on exporting that

 15:04 <jawn-smith> [done]

 15:04 <bdmurray> next is doko

 15:04 <doko> - GCC 9.4.0 release

 15:04 <doko> - gcc-9 backports to impish, groovy, focal, started groovy and focal test rebuilds

 15:04 <doko> - binutils trunk uploaded to impish

 15:04 <doko> - MIR meeting

 15:04 <doko> (done)

 15:05 <bdmurray> dbungert:

 15:05 <dbungert> (4 day week)

 15:05 <dbungert> * LP: #1928815 - sponsored, thanks bdmurray

 15:05 <dbungert> * Subiquity Set Timezone - mostly review ready, need to fix the return type of

 15:05 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1928815 in irssi (Ubuntu) "Please merge with 1.2.3-1 - Libera chat, upstream update" [Wishlist, Fix Released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1928815

 15:05 <dbungert> an API call.

 15:05 <dbungert> * Subiquity cleanup - fix bad example data, typos, build system maintenance

 15:05 <dbungert> * Investigate github groovy failure - related to snapd/privileged containers

 15:05 <dbungert> * Subiquity spec and PR reviews

 15:05 <dbungert> * LP: #1929449 - help verify

 15:05 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1929449 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu Hirsute) "do not allow upgrades to hirsute for Apple hardware" [High, Fix Released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1929449

 15:05 <dbungert> (done)

 15:05 <bdmurray> fixed update-manager autopkgtest failure due to precise removal (LP: #1929865)

 15:05 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1929865 in update-manager (Ubuntu Hirsute) "autopkgtests fail due to precise being removed from the archive" [Undecided, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1929865

 15:05 <bdmurray> uploaded a fix for the above for H too as the tests were triggered by u-r-u

 15:05 <bdmurray> wrote a fix for LP: #1929292

 15:05 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1929292 in apport (Ubuntu) "ubiquity crashes whilst trying to use ubuntu-bug" [Low, In Progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1929292

 15:05 <bdmurray> badtested update-manager for bionic, focal, groovy, and hirsute

 15:05 <bdmurray> rerun of autopkgtests for update-manager, ubuntu-release-upgrader w/ proposed

 15:05 <bdmurray> sru-verification of LP: #1925529, LP: #1929449 (2x)

 15:05 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1925529 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu Groovy) "'ReleaseNotesViewer' does not display anything with the text view" [Undecided, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1925529

 15:06 <bdmurray> sponsored gnutls28, irssi, procps

 15:06 <bdmurray> sponsored procps SRUs for LP: #1903351

 15:06 <bdmurray> special sru-review of neutron (F, G)

 15:06 <bdmurray> updated meta-release files to enable hirsute upgrades \o/

 15:06 <bdmurray> short week due to holiday

 15:06 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1903351 in procps (Ubuntu Groovy) "ignore_eacces and ignore_erofs patches don't work properly" [Medium, In Progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1903351

 15:06 <bdmurray> âœ” done

 15:06 <bdmurray> vorlon: ?

 15:08 <bdmurray> #topic Release Incoming Bugs

 15:08 <bdmurray> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ii-incoming-bug-tasks.html

 15:08 <bdmurray> nothing here for us

 15:08 <bdmurray> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-hh-incoming-bug-tasks.html

 15:08 <bdmurray> bug 1929471

 15:08 <ubottu> Bug 1929471 in shim-signed (Ubuntu) "Shim apparently fails to run fwupd64 (hirsute regression?)" [Undecided, Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1929471

 15:09 <bdmurray> Well it has a duplicate and affects 5 people so let's card that

 15:10 <bdmurray> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ff-incoming-bug-tasks.html

 15:10 <bdmurray> and there's nothing there

 15:10 <mclemenceau> k

 15:10 <bdmurray> #topic Proposed Migration

 15:11 <bdmurray> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs

 15:12 <bdmurray> I'll look at sqlite3 a bit although dave took it last time

 15:12 <bdmurray> could anybody take isc-dhcp?

 15:12 <jawn-smith> o/

 15:13 <bdmurray> I've been able to recreate the aptdaemon failure but I don't know what's going on

 15:13 <bdmurray> I thought it also failed in stable releases

 15:14 <bdmurray> Oh, aptdaemon is a timeout I'll restart it

 15:16 <bdmurray> I don't think thre is anything else worth looking at but I could be wrong.

 15:16 <bdmurray> #topic AOB

 15:17 <bdmurray> I'm out next wednesday

 15:18 <bdmurray> Okay, thanks everybody

 15:18 <bdmurray> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)