== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status meeting, started by cpaelzer, 28 Sep at 14:29 &mdash; 14:45 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://new.ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2021/ubuntu-meeting.2021-09-28-14.29.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== Review of previous action items ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 14:30.


=== current component mismatches ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 14:33.

 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg   (cpaelzer, 14:33)
 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg   (cpaelzer, 14:33)

=== New MIRs ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 14:34.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=NEW&field.status%3Alist=CONFIRMED&assignee_option=none&field.assignee=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (cpaelzer, 14:34)
 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/egl-wayland/+bug/1935082/comments/20   (cpaelzer, 14:35)
 * ''ACTION:'' sarnold to contact alberto milone to make a better "special HW test statement" on bug 1935082  (cpaelzer, 14:41)

=== Incomplete bugs / questions ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 14:42.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (cpaelzer, 14:42)

=== Any other business? ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 14:43.




== Action items, by person ==

 * sarnold
  * sarnold to contact alberto milone to make a better "special HW test statement" on bug 1935082



== People present (lines said) ==

 * cpaelzer (56)
 * sarnold (12)
 * slyon (6)
 * didrocks (5)
 * ubottu (5)
 * meetingology (3)
 * ddstreet (2)



== Full log ==


 14:29 <cpaelzer> #startmeeting Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status

 14:29 <meetingology> Meeting started at 14:29:40 UTC.  The chair is cpaelzer.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 14:29 <sarnold> good morning

 14:29 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 14:29 <cpaelzer> ping ddstreet, sarnold, didrocks, slyon, (doko) and jamespage for MIR team meeting

 14:30 <didrocks> hey

 14:30 <cpaelzer> Hello everyone o/

 14:30 <slyon> o/

 14:30 <cpaelzer> #topic Review of previous action items

 14:31 <cpaelzer> I've seen we had a  few review upadtes but those (if needed) will come at later stages

 14:31 <cpaelzer> the only independent activty is the update to the microlib testing that I was driving

 14:31 <cpaelzer> latest state is here https://github.com/cpaelzer/ubuntu-mir/pull/1/files

 14:31 <ubottu> Pull 1 in cpaelzer/ubuntu-mir "Rules for tests on the app-level" [Open]

 14:31 <cpaelzer> I have two acks on the PR and a "ok" on the mail

 14:31 <cpaelzer> no other feedback

 14:31 <cpaelzer> therefore I'd think I can merge this after the meeting

 14:31 <cpaelzer> please speak up if you think otherwise

 14:32 <slyon> +1

 14:32 <slyon> (for merging it)

 14:32 <sarnold> +1 (I can't recall if I replied via email or elsewhere..)

 14:32 <cpaelzer> Thanks, I'll somewhen in the next weeks then take the bigger task to unite rules and templates

 14:32 <sarnold> good luck :)

 14:32 <cpaelzer> Once I have something reviewable I'll again send a PR around to everyone

 14:33 <cpaelzer> Going on with the agenda

 14:33 <cpaelzer> #topic current component mismatches

 14:33 <cpaelzer> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg

 14:33 <cpaelzer> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg

 14:33 <sarnold> looks like nothing new

 14:33 <cpaelzer> agreed

 14:33 <cpaelzer> the latest news on fence-agents is that we have uploaded a fix to the one remaining blocker

 14:33 <cpaelzer> it is currently held in impish-unapproved

 14:34 <ddstreet> o/

 14:34 <cpaelzer> once through there I'll ping for promotion to main

 14:34 <ddstreet> hello sorry im late o/

 14:34 <cpaelzer> np ddstreet

 14:34 <cpaelzer> ok, nothing new here - going on ...

 14:34 <cpaelzer> #topic New MIRs

 14:34 <sarnold> cpaelzer: do we care about the amt_ws agent? https://github.com/ClusterLabs/fence-agents/issues/434 may or may not be important

 14:34 <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=NEW&field.status%3Alist=CONFIRMED&assignee_option=none&field.assignee=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 14:34 <ubottu> Issue 434 in ClusterLabs/fence-agents "misplaced python 'or' causes dead code" [Open]

 14:35 <cpaelzer> here we have a first of a kind in https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/egl-wayland/+bug/1935082

 14:35 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1935082 in egl-wayland (Ubuntu) "[MIR] egl-wayland" [Undecided, Confirmed]

 14:35 <cpaelzer> this refers to the recently added rules about "testing with special HW"

 14:35 <cpaelzer> I didn't want to  ake the call alone as interperting a very new rule might be interesting

 14:35 <cpaelzer> so I wanted to ask if the statement at

 14:35 <cpaelzer> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/egl-wayland/+bug/1935082/comments/20

 14:36 <sarnold> I wish tseliot had been more detailed in his responses.. but as a first, it's not so bad.

 14:36 <cpaelzer> Rule is

 14:36 <cpaelzer> "If no build tests nor autopkgtests are included, and/or if the package requires specific hardware to perform testing, the subscribed team must provide a written test plan in a comment to the MIR bug, and commit to running that test either at each upload of the package or at least once each release cycle. In the comment to the MIR bug, please link to the codebase of these tests (scripts or doc of manual steps) and attach a full log of these

 14:36 <cpaelzer> test runs. This is meant to assess their validity (e.g. not just superficial)"

 14:36 <didrocks> I agree this fully apply to the testing with special HW rule

 14:37 <cpaelzer> The "test plan" is a bit lighter than I'd have hoped

 14:37 <didrocks> agreed

 14:37 <sarnold> I don't know how to enable KMS, nor how to make sure it is enabled; I don't know what games would work -- what's glxgears on wayland? :) etc

 14:37 <cpaelzer> the idea when writing the rule was "if we see an example plan and test log we can be more sure it is actually done"

 14:37 <cpaelzer> but in this case not much logs exist as it is all UI

 14:38 <cpaelzer> so my question to eventually vote on - is that statement enough or do we want/need to return that for something better (making a bad first case might invite others to be sloppy where it could be better)?

 14:39 <slyon> I think we should ask for something better.

 14:39 <sarnold> mm, good point

 14:39 <slyon> Like some commands of how to check if KMS is enabled, which application to run, etc. (as sarnold suggested)

 14:40 <cpaelzer> I'm tending to request something better as well

 14:40 <cpaelzer> but I had expressed it in https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/egl-wayland/+bug/1935082/comments/19 and that didn't help "enough"

 14:40 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1935082 in egl-wayland (Ubuntu) "[MIR] egl-wayland" [Undecided, Confirmed]

 14:40 <cpaelzer> would anyone volunteer to help Alberto to add something better in this bug?

 14:40 <sarnold> sure

 14:41 <cpaelzer> is that the volunteering sarnold?

 14:41 <sarnold> yup!

 14:41 <cpaelzer> thank you a lot

 14:41 <didrocks> I agree that we should have a better test case. As this is trusting the uploader that each upload is carefully tested, not wanting to write it up wonâ€™t help and make future uploads trustable IMHO

 14:41 <cpaelzer> #action sarnold to contact alberto milone to make a better "special HW test statement" on bug 1935082

 14:41 * meetingology sarnold to contact alberto milone to make a better "special HW test statement" on bug 1935082

 14:42 <ubottu> Bug 1935082 in egl-wayland (Ubuntu) "[MIR] egl-wayland" [Undecided, Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1935082

 14:42 <cpaelzer> ok, going on then

 14:42 <cpaelzer> #topic Incomplete bugs / questions

 14:42 <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 14:43 <cpaelzer> the recent bumps are fuse (Trevinho was so kind to help all upstremas by providing PRs)

 14:43 <cpaelzer> and libportal which didrocks reviewed

 14:43 <cpaelzer> nothing that needs immediate further activity AFAICS

 14:43 <cpaelzer> #topic Any other business?

 14:43 <cpaelzer> nothing from me

 14:43 <slyon> nothing here

 14:43 <didrocks> nothing either

 14:44 <sarnold> nothing from me

 14:44 <cpaelzer> ddstreet: I know you are busy, but do you have anything else or a comment ont he backlog?

 14:44 <cpaelzer> ok I consider this a no and he also knows where to reach us

 14:44 <cpaelzer> closing ...

 14:44 <cpaelzer> thank you all!

 14:44 <sarnold> thanks cpaelzer, all :)

 14:45 <cpaelzer> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)