== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team meeting, started by bdmurray, 07 Oct at 15:01 &mdash; 15:42 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://new.ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2021/ubuntu-meeting.2021-10-07-15.01.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning Round ===

Discussion started by bdmurray at 15:01.

 * ''LINK:'' https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/openssl-3-0-transition-plans/24453   (schopin, 15:02)
 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+bugs?field.tag=transition-openssl3-jj   (schopin, 15:02)
 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/unoconv/+bug/1946232   (alexghiti, 15:03)
 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/lyricue/+bug/1946224   (alexghiti, 15:03)

=== Release Incoming Bugs ===

Discussion started by bdmurray at 15:10.

 * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ii-incoming-bug-tasks.html   (bdmurray, 15:10)
 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/ubiquity/+bug/1231091/comments/9   (bdmurray, 15:17)
 * ''LINK:'' https://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-hh-incoming-bug-tasks.html   (bdmurray, 15:27)
 * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ff-incoming-bug-tasks.html   (bdmurray, 15:27)

=== Team proposed-migration report ===

Discussion started by bdmurray at 15:29.

 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs   (vorlon, 15:29)

=== AOB ===

Discussion started by bdmurray at 15:38.




== People present (lines said) ==

 * bdmurray (54)
 * ubottu (47)
 * vorlon (44)
 * dbungert (25)
 * sil2100 (24)
 * slyon (24)
 * schopin (16)
 * jawn-smith (11)
 * waveform (10)
 * juliank (10)
 * ginggs (7)
 * alexghiti (7)
 * xypron (5)
 * doko (4)
 * mclemenceau (3)
 * meetingology (2)



== Full log ==


 15:01 <bdmurray> #startmeeting Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team

 15:01 <meetingology> Meeting started at 15:01:00 UTC.  The chair is bdmurray.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 15:01 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 15:01 <bdmurray> #topic Lightning Round

 15:01 <ginggs> o/

 15:01 <mclemenceau> o/

 15:01 <bdmurray> echo $(shuf -e doko bdmurray vorlon sil2100 mwhudson juliank waveform slyon jawn-smith dbungert xypron ginggs schopin alexghiti)

 15:01 <bdmurray> schopin ginggs waveform alexghiti dbungert bdmurray slyon vorlon sil2100 juliank xypron jawn-smith mwhudson doko

 15:01 <schopin> * openssl:

 15:01 <schopin> + Composed and published our plans for the upcoming OpenSSL 3 transition:

 15:02 <schopin> https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/openssl-3-0-transition-plans/24453

 15:02 <schopin> (also in your ubuntu-devel@ inboxes as of a few minutes ago)

 15:02 <schopin> + Filed bugs against all packages in main failing to build against openssl3,

 15:02 <schopin> including preliminary investigation into upstream status on the issue:

 15:02 <schopin> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+bugs?field.tag=transition-openssl3-jj

 15:02 <schopin> * netplan:

 15:02 <schopin> + Added the ability to remove an entire devtype from the configuration

 15:02 <schopin> (LP: #1942930, PR 236)

 15:02 <schopin> + Reviewed PR 238 for slyon (still ongoing)

 15:02 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1942930 in netplan "Unset a subtree crashes" [Undecided, In Progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1942930

 15:02 <ubottu> Bug 236 in Launchpad itself "System Error on saving translations" [Medium, Invalid] https://launchpad.net/bugs/236

 15:02 <schopin> + Prepared SRUs for LP: #1942930 and LP: #1943120

 15:02 <ubottu> Bug 238 in Baz (deprecated) "Botched invariant running 'baz status'" [Medium, Fix Released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/238

 15:02 <schopin> + Continued ongoing work on reworking libnetplan's API, see PRs 232 and 233

 15:02 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1943120 in netplan.io (Ubuntu Hirsute) "interface not  removed" [Undecided, In Progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1943120

 15:02 <ubottu> Bug 233 in Launchpad itself "Maintainer not explicitly CC'd when a private distro bug is filed" [Medium, Fix Released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/233

 15:02 <schopin> 

 15:02 <ubottu> Bug 232 in Launchpad itself "Bug privacy appears to not be team aware" [Medium, Fix Released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/232

 15:02 <schopin> (done)

 15:02 <ginggs> * been busy with second impish test rebuild https://people.canonical.com/~ginggs/ftbfs-report/test-rebuild-20210927-impish-impish.html

 15:02 <ginggs> * looking at sqlalchemy FTBFS LP: #1939346

 15:02 <ginggs> * preparing for test rebuild with Python 3.10 as a supported version

 15:02 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1939346 in sqlalchemy (Ubuntu) "FTBFS 1.3.22+ds1-1 in build-docs during rebuild-test" [Undecided, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1939346

 15:02 <ginggs> (done)

 15:03 <bdmurray> waveform:

 15:03 <waveform> * Finish functionality (but not yet docs/tests) of built-in-ubuntu (previously built-before) script (https://code.launchpad.net/~waveform/ubuntu-dev-tools/+git/ubuntu-dev-tools/+ref/built-before)

 15:03 <waveform> * Sense HAT packages uploaded (many thanks to sil2100) (LP: #1944449, LP: #1944450)

 15:03 <waveform> * Finished investigation of HDMI display output failure in impish and hirsute (LP: #1944397)

 15:03 <waveform> * Worked on reproduction case for HDMI display freezes in impish kernel (LP: #1946368)

 15:03 <waveform> * Tested fkms workaround consequences for ^^ including with upstream kernels

 15:03 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1944449 in Ubuntu "[needs-packaging] rtimulib" [Wishlist, Fix Released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1944449

 15:03 <waveform> * Tested firmware upgrades for hirsute and impish with relation to ^^ (no requirement on hirsute, anecdotal improvement on impish)

 15:03 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1944450 in Ubuntu "[needs-packaging] python-sense-hat" [Wishlist, Fix Committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1944450

 15:03 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1944397 in linux-firmware-raspi2 (Ubuntu Impish) "HDMI does not display anything with Impish RPi desktop image" [Undecided, Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1944397

 15:03 <waveform> * Prepared do-release-upgrade workaround to force fkms

 15:03 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1946368 in linux-raspi (Ubuntu Impish) "HDMI output freezes under current/proposed impish kernels" [Undecided, Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1946368

 15:03 <waveform> * Prepared pi-gadget adjustment to force fkms (but only on impish builds)

 15:03 <waveform> * Pi meetings

 15:03 <waveform> (done)

 15:03 <alexghiti> Reset in unmatched still under discussion

 15:03 <alexghiti> Pocl package fails to build caused by LLVM-9 upgrade? https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/pocl/+bug/1946202

 15:03 <alexghiti> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/unoconv/+bug/1946232

 15:03 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1946202 in pocl (Ubuntu) "Proposed: testsuite segfaults on ARM64" [Undecided, New]

 15:03 <alexghiti> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/lyricue/+bug/1946224

 15:03 <alexghiti> mesa-opencl-icd riscv64 reverted because LLVM JIT riscv is not supported yet https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/mesa/+bug/1942764

 15:03 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1946232 in unoconv (Ubuntu) "Add build dependency to python3-uno" [Low, New]

 15:03 <alexghiti> kexec/kdump tools review/test: https://github.com/riscv-collab/kexec-tools/tree/riscv

 15:03 <alexghiti> (done)

 15:03 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1946224 in lyricue (Ubuntu) "Add build dependency to unoconv" [Low, New]

 15:03 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1942764 in mesa (Ubuntu) "Enable riscv64 build of mesa-opencl-icd" [Medium, Fix Released]

 15:04 <dbungert> * livecd-rootfs vs u-d-i: A bug submitter on a different issue noted problems

 15:04 <dbungert> installing packages.  I traced it to LP: #1945831

 15:04 <dbungert> * subiquity core20: finish work mwhudson started and get it operational.  about

 15:04 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1945831 in livecd-rootfs (Ubuntu) "canary - partial sources.list" [High, Fix Released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1945831

 15:04 <dbungert> half the size (25MB vs 55MB), almost entirely due to libicudata not being

 15:04 <dbungert> included (26MB file).

 15:04 <dbungert> * subiquity storage/v2: get a working usable first chunk, merged to main.

 15:04 <dbungert> Includes 2x the size of the actual changes in API-level tests.  Continuing on

 15:04 <dbungert> a follow-on branch to address feedback items.

 15:04 <dbungert> * subiquity: write release notes for 21.10.1 release

 15:04 <dbungert> * subiquity: CI - workaround impish daily networking being bad

 15:04 <dbungert> * +1 crowdsec: can fix FTBFS by change to docker to no longer ship the vendored

 15:04 <dbungert> source directory in golang-github-docker-docker-dev, which requires a

 15:04 <dbungert> mini-transition build depends fix on 7 packages.  LP: #1946376

 15:04 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1946376 in golang-github-tonistiigi-fsutil (Ubuntu) "FTBFS due to conflict with vendored source in docker.io" [Undecided, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1946376

 15:04 <dbungert> * +1 rust-alacritty-terminal: removed (LP: #1946008)

 15:04 <dbungert> * +1 rust-proc-macro2: investigating

 15:04 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1946008 in rust-alacritty-terminal (Ubuntu) "Please remove rust-alacritty-terminal from impish" [Undecided, Fix Released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1946008

 15:04 <dbungert> (done)

 15:04 <sil2100> bdmurray: ^

 15:04 <bdmurray> reported LP: #1945015

 15:04 <bdmurray> sru-verification of LP: #1944475

 15:04 <bdmurray> iso testing for the Beta

 15:04 <bdmurray> built new desktop canary image

 15:04 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1945015 in ubiquity (Ubuntu) "link for opening release notes no longer works" [High, Fix Released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1945015

 15:04 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1944475 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu Impish) "DistUpgradeViewNonInteractive is now interactive" [High, Fix Released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1944475

 15:05 <bdmurray> reviews of uploads for impish

 15:05 <bdmurray> created a bug for the tzdata update (LP: #1945527)

 15:05 <bdmurray> uploaded tzdata for II, HH, FF, BB, X

 15:05 <bdmurray> sru-verification of tzdata update LP: #1945527

 15:05 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1945527 in tzdata (Ubuntu Xenial) "Update tzdata to version 2021a-2" [Undecided, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1945527

 15:05 <bdmurray> submitted PR re autopkgtest building EoL VMs

 15:05 <bdmurray> submitted an MP re ubuntu-archive-tools and sru-review for devel release

 15:05 <bdmurray> built a server image for IoT project

 15:05 <bdmurray> updated livecd-rootfs w/ a fix for focal server image building

 15:05 <bdmurray> fixed an issue with apport's autopkgtests and /proc/sys/kernel/core_uses_pid

 15:05 <bdmurray> uploaded tzdata for ESM releases (trusty, xenial)

 15:05 <bdmurray> uploaded distro-info-data for impish

 15:05 <bdmurray> that's really two weeks of status minus some holidays

 15:05 <bdmurray> slyon:

 15:05 <slyon> - Interview

 15:05 <slyon> - netplan discussions on debian-devel

 15:05 <slyon> - upload systemd 248.3-1ubuntu8, LP: #1942899, LP: #1942113, cgroup v2 cleanup

 15:05 <slyon> - upload netplan.io 0.103-0ubuntu7, LP: #1942930

 15:05 <slyon> - updated snapd PR#10212 now that netplan bionic SRU landed, LP: #1926442

 15:05 <slyon> - sponsored netplan.io SRUs (Hirsute & Focal) for schopin

 15:05 <slyon> - roadmap discussions around systemd & netplan

 15:05 <slyon> === Netplan ===

 15:05 <slyon> - Testing and fixing smaller issues with core20/edge vs netplan 0.103 vs NM

 15:05 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1942899 in systemd (Ubuntu Impish) "Revert Add ACCEL_LOCATION=base property for Dell clamshell models" [Medium, Fix Committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1942899

 15:05 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1942113 in glibc (Ubuntu) "systemd unit test regression in autopkgtest (oomd-utils)" [Undecided, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1942113

 15:05 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1942930 in netplan "Unset a subtree crashes" [Undecided, In Progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1942930

 15:05 <ubottu> Bug 10212 in openssl (Ubuntu) "der_chop script has file in /tmp security holes" [High, Fix Released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/10212

 15:05 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1926442 in Snappy "[SRU] cannot execute 'netplan generate' from within a snap" [Medium, Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1926442

 15:05 <slyon> + https://github.com/canonical/netplan/pull/238

 15:05 <slyon> + https://code.launchpad.net/~slyon/snappy-hwe-snaps/+git/network-manager/+merge/409679

 15:05 <slyon> - prepared https://github.com/canonical/netplan/pull/235 (glib 2.70 compatibility)

 15:05 <slyon> - reviewed https://github.com/canonical/netplan/pull/237

 15:05 <slyon> - review & merged https://github.com/canonical/netplan/pull/236, pending SRU

 15:05 <slyon> - starting to enable tests in Debian (incompatiblities with ifupdonw/resolvconf)

 15:05 <slyon> + working on Debian v0.103 merge

 15:05 <ubottu> Pull 238 in canonical/netplan "parse-nm: Handle missing gateway in keyfile routes, keep dns-search fallback" [Open]

 15:05 <slyon> (done)

 15:05 <ubottu> Pull 235 in canonical/netplan "generate:dbus:util: glib 2.70 compat" [Open]

 15:05 <ubottu> Pull 237 in canonical/netplan "feat: mdns configuration (LP: #1830507)" [Open]

 15:06 <ubottu> Pull 236 in canonical/netplan "netplan: set: make it possible to unset a whole devtype subtree (LP: #1942930) (FR-1685)" [Merged]

 15:06 <vorlon> * proposed-migration: focused on identifying and fixing bottlenecks in the britney runs, to fix longstanding concerns about the rate of iteration in Ubuntu (LP: #1904880)

 15:06 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1904880 in britney "Update_excuses is permanently outdated" [Undecided, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1904880

 15:06 <vorlon> * fixed some bottlenecks related to the large number of hints in use; the hints implementation was not designed to be scalable

 15:06 <vorlon> * identified some wasteful reports that were broken and haven't been used in 5 years, so stopped generating them

 15:06 <vorlon> * downloading of autopkgtest results from swift is NOT a chokepoint

 15:06 <vorlon> * reduced proposed-migration iterations with the most recent set of packages in -proposed from ~1h30m to ~30m

 15:06 <vorlon> * will be looking some more now that there are a lot more packages in -proposed, to see if we have any different bottlenecks worth examining

 15:06 <vorlon> * tzdata SRU reviews

 15:06 <vorlon> (done)

 15:06 <sil2100> * Catching up after 2-week vacation

 15:06 <sil2100> * A LOT of queue reviews for impish

 15:06 <sil2100> * Hint reviews

 15:06 <sil2100> * NEW reviews of sense-hat packages

 15:06 <sil2100> * 21.10:

 15:06 <sil2100> - Prepared tracking document

 15:06 <sil2100> - Coordinated langpacks, webteam and release notes prep

 15:06 <sil2100> - Updated ubiquity translations, poked Michael about DDTP updates

 15:07 <sil2100> * ubuntu-cdimage simplestreams:

 15:07 <sil2100> - Improved the test story

 15:07 <sil2100> - Found a few more edge cases but now on the right track

 15:07 <sil2100> * Discussions with the Ubuntu Core team

 15:07 <sil2100> * Discussion with UC and Launchpad about future coreXX series bootstrapping

 15:07 <sil2100> * Debugging core22 build issues on impish - requires a new snapd

 15:07 <sil2100> - Added workaround to use the edge snapd during build

 15:07 <sil2100> * Adding bionic and focal to the ESM britney handling, fix weird utf-8 crash

 15:07 <sil2100> * ubuntu-image roadmap discussions

 15:07 <sil2100> (done)

 15:07 <juliank> Oct 07:

 15:07 <juliank> * reviewed shims

 15:07 <juliank> - ACK Rocky Linux 8 (https://github.com/rhboot/shim-review/issues/194)

 15:07 <ubottu> Issue 194 in rhboot/shim-review "Shim 15.4 for Rocky Linux 8" [Open]

 15:07 <juliank> - NAK AmZetta (https://github.com/rhboot/shim-review/issues/211)

 15:07 <ubottu> Issue 211 in rhboot/shim-review "SHIM 15.4 for AmZetta Technologies, LLC" [Open]

 15:07 <juliank> - NAK NComputing (https://github.com/rhboot/shim-review/issues/206)

 15:07 <ubottu> Issue 206 in rhboot/shim-review "SHIM 15.4 for NComputing Global, Inc." [Open]

 15:07 <juliank> - NAK CBL-D (https://github.com/rhboot/shim-review/issues/203)

 15:07 <ubottu> Issue 203 in rhboot/shim-review "Shim 15.4 for CBL-D" [Open]

 15:07 <juliank> * merged a pull request from chriscoulson

 15:07 <juliank> * reviewed https://salsa.debian.org/apt-team/apt/-/merge_requests/185 on IRC

 15:07 <ubottu> Merge 185 in apt-team/apt "add pattern to select packages by priority (closes: #989558)" [Opened]

 15:07 <juliank> * further grub2 initrdfail work for bionic LP: #1925507, LP: #1929860, LP: #1901553

 15:07 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1925507 in grub2 (Ubuntu Focal) "grub-common: snapd autopkgtests fail on s390x" [Undecided, Fix Released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1925507

 15:07 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1929860 in grub2 (Ubuntu Bionic) "initrdfail can result in resuming with different initrd images and hanging resume" [Undecided, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1929860

 15:08 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1901553 in grub2 (Ubuntu Focal) "Improve documentation around initrdless boot" [Undecided, Fix Released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1901553

 15:08 <juliank> (done)

 15:08 <xypron> #1945807 bbrun: build failure on RISC-V -> debdiff created - to be changed in Debian first

 15:08 <xypron> #1945803 a2jmidid: building on RISC-V fails -> debdiff created - to be changed in Debian first

 15:08 <xypron> #1945787 heimdal: fails to build, symbols don't match -> fix released

 15:08 <xypron> Analyzed GRUB TFTP failure: patches sent upstream (https://lists.gnu.org/archive/html/grub-devel/2021-10/msg00028.html)

 15:08 <xypron> <done>

 15:08 <jawn-smith> * Hinted sshuttle so openssh finally migrated \o/

 15:08 <jawn-smith> * Investigated sshuttle failure but haven't narrowed down a cause

 15:08 <jawn-smith> * Re-write ubuntu-image in Go:

 15:08 <jawn-smith> * All states written!

 15:08 <jawn-smith> * Manually testing many scenarios (pc-amd64/classic, core18, core20, raspi)

 15:08 <jawn-smith> * Big code cleanup and adding testing asserters for cleaner test functions and duplicate code reduction

 15:08 <jawn-smith> * Still writing test cases, currently over 99% test coverage

 15:08 <jawn-smith> * Expect to open a PR today

 15:08 <jawn-smith> * Adding new --validation flag per pedronis' PR to the python ubuntu-image

 15:08 <jawn-smith> [done]

 15:09 <bdmurray> doko:

 15:09 <doko> - had to take a vacation day on Wed for some errands

 15:09 <doko> - no-change uploads for zstd compression, fixing some fallout

 15:09 <doko> (done)

 15:10 <bdmurray> are there any questions on status?

 15:10 <bdmurray> #topic Release Incoming Bugs

 15:10 <bdmurray> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ii-incoming-bug-tasks.html

 15:11 <bdmurray> bug 1945848

 15:11 <ubottu> Bug 1945848 in ubiquity (Ubuntu) "No Russian layout during keyboard configuration setup" [High, Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1945848

 15:12 <vorlon> this should be fixed please ;)

 15:12 <vorlon> some day we'll have a flutter installer and all will be well with desktop settings

 15:12 <vorlon> in the meantime...

 15:13 <sil2100> eeek

 15:13 <bdmurray> okay, so let's target it and card it

 15:13 <sil2100> Yes

 15:13 <bdmurray> Who'd be a good candidate to work on this?

 15:13 <vorlon> any volunteers?

 15:13 <sil2100> I could take a look, will pull in Gunnar

 15:13 <vorlon> I have opinions but not necessarily the time

 15:13 <sil2100> Together we will be invincible

 15:14 <vorlon> as long as sil2100 has the time, given that he's also on point for the release

 15:15 <bdmurray> bug 1231091

 15:15 <ubottu> Bug 1231091 in ubiquity (Ubuntu) "Screenreader starts, but does not work with installer (ubiquity) in live session" [High, Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1231091

 15:15 <vorlon> that's a rather low bug number

 15:15 <bdmurray> I thought we'd talked about it before

 15:15 <vorlon> I therefore doubt it's legit and there should've been a new bug report opened for any current issues

 15:16 <bdmurray> No, its a legit issue but one we decided wasn't really fixable

 15:16 <vorlon> oh

 15:17 <bdmurray> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/ubiquity/+bug/1231091/comments/9

 15:17 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1231091 in ubiquity (Ubuntu) "Screenreader starts, but does not work with installer (ubiquity) in live session" [High, Triaged]

 15:18 <bdmurray> we'll pass on that one

 15:18 <bdmurray> bug 1943077

 15:18 <ubottu> Bug 1943077 in squashfs-tools (Ubuntu) "snapd fails to autopkgtest on mksquashfs, which is looking for libgcc_s" [Undecided, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1943077

 15:19 <dbungert> snapd snapcraft has a fix for this, but the latest snapd upload still has the same adt failure.  Perhaps the deb package portion needs a fix also.

 15:20 <vorlon> so likely no action here for Foundations prior to release?

 15:21 <sil2100> Yeah, I know this one, this was actually the source of the core22 build issues on impish we've been seeing

 15:21 <dbungert> tag was added with https://bugs.launchpad.net/snapd/+bug/1943077/comments/7

 15:21 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1943077 in squashfs-tools (Ubuntu) "snapd fails to autopkgtest on mksquashfs, which is looking for libgcc_s" [Undecided, New]

 15:21 <dbungert> is that portion of the problem release critical?

 15:22 <vorlon> there is snapd in -proposed, does it fix this?

 15:22 <dbungert> sadly not, unless you snap refresh snapd from edge

 15:22 <vorlon> it's the new release they cut

 15:22 <vorlon> hmm

 15:23 <slyon> in that comment #7 it says: snap (at "/snap/snapd/current") is older ("2.51.7") than distribution package ("2.53~pre1.git19b68f708")

 15:23 <vorlon> well, unless someone thinks there are fixes needed still to squashfs-tools we should pass on this

 15:23 <slyon> so it's probably unrelated to the deb

 15:23 <dbungert> I don't believe squashfs-tools changes are needed

 15:23 <bdmurray> okay so moving on then

 15:23 <bdmurray> bug 1943816

 15:23 <ubottu> Bug 1943816 in ubuntu-drivers-common (Ubuntu) "'ubuntu-drivers install' needs to be used when installing nvidia-driver if enabling 'third-party packages'" [High, In Progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1943816

 15:24 <vorlon> dbungert: do you want to follow up with the snapd team to check if this is supposed to be released to stable before we cut release images?

 15:24 <dbungert> ack

 15:24 <vorlon> I know I discussed this one previously, and suggested we want tseliot to look at it

 15:24 <vorlon> as the primary maintainer of that package

 15:25 <bdmurray> it is assigned to him

 15:25 <vorlon> can someone reach out to him (on European time) and check if he's working on fixing it for release?

 15:26 <ginggs> i can do that

 15:26 <vorlon> thanks

 15:26 <bdmurray> oh bug 1944519 was already carded

 15:26 <ubottu> Bug 1944519 in casper (Ubuntu) "Ubuntu Mate shutdown prompt is missing - system reboots at once" [Undecided, Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1944519

 15:27 <bdmurray> I'll have a look at that today

 15:27 <bdmurray> #link https://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-hh-incoming-bug-tasks.html

 15:27 <bdmurray> that's empty

 15:27 <bdmurray> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ff-incoming-bug-tasks.html

 15:27 <bdmurray> is also empty

 15:28 <mclemenceau> This bug was brought up to our attention LP: #1946001

 15:28 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1946001 in linux-aws (Ubuntu Impish) "impish:linux 5.13 panic during systemd autotest" [Critical, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1946001

 15:29 <bdmurray> The release team is aware of this

 15:29 <bdmurray> #topic Team proposed-migration report

 15:29 <mclemenceau> ok excellent

 15:29 <vorlon> [LINK] https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs

 15:29 <vorlon> apport is blocking glibc, bdmurray is hinting that

 15:30 <vorlon> sbcl is confusing, it seems to be a genuine regression but we're not sure why

 15:30 <vorlon> if anyone here wants to dig into that, more eyes wouldn't hurt

 15:30 <bdmurray> what is sbcl?

 15:30 <vorlon> a lisp interpreter

 15:30 <vorlon> southwestern bell common lisp

 15:31 <vorlon> I am amused by the backtrace, "Running (SLEEP :PRETTY-MUCH-FOREVER)" --> timed out

 15:31 <bdmurray> ginggs: ?

 15:32 <vorlon> anyway, systemd vs linux-aws is bound to be the kernel issue described above, so ignoring

 15:32 <ginggs> sure

 15:32 <vorlon> we're close to release, so let's go a bit further into the 'not yet late' packages

 15:32 <vorlon> systemd: slyon are you working on resolving the autopkgtest regressions?

 15:32 <slyon> yes.

 15:33 <slyon> snapd is the libgcc_s issue

 15:33 <slyon> docker might be regressed in release. I will double check both of that and file hints if needed

 15:33 <vorlon> slyon: so are you proposing an override hint for snapd?

 15:34 <vorlon> libdrm, not our upload; I'm hitting retry just to see and will follo wup

 15:34 <slyon> vorlon: probably yes. dbungert: how did you handle that issue in the past? You hinted it, right?

 15:34 <dbungert> slyon: we skiptested the other packages, not snapd directly

 15:34 <vorlon> doko: lvm2 is xnox's upload to fix your previous ftbfs upload, do you want to look at this?

 15:34 <slyon> ok

 15:35 <bdmurray> docker had / has a hint

 15:35 <dbungert> at the time snapd still had the cgroupv2 issue so I considered that test failure vs systemd to be legit

 15:35 <bdmurray> oh, just not for amd64

 15:35 <vorlon> and the rest of the packages on this list are the packages doko uploaded today, so done

 15:35 <doko> ugh, I'll give it a try

 15:38 <vorlon> bdmurray: back to you

 15:38 <bdmurray> #topic AOB

 15:39 <bdmurray> Monday is a US holiday but I'm not taking it because its release week!

 15:39 <vorlon> I am taking Monday however

 15:39 <schopin> ... whereas I'm taking Friday which is NOT a French holiday ;-)

 15:40 <jawn-smith> I'm doing the same as bdmurray: swapping Monday for Friday

 15:40 <dbungert> I'm swapping Monday for I don't know what yet

 15:41 <vorlon> eka-Veteran's day

 15:42 <bdmurray> okay, thanks everbody

 15:42 <bdmurray> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)