== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team meeting, started by bdmurray, 11 Feb at 16:00 &mdash; 16:59 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://new.ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2021/ubuntu-meeting.2021-02-11-16.00.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning Round ===

Discussion started by bdmurray at 16:00.


=== Release Incoming Bugs ===

Discussion started by bdmurray at 16:09.

 * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-hh-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs   (bdmurray, 16:09)
 * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-gg-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs   (bdmurray, 16:18)
 * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ff-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs   (bdmurray, 16:22)

=== Team proposed-migration report ===

Discussion started by bdmurray at 16:29.

 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs   (vorlon, 16:30)
 * ''LINK:'' https://code.launchpad.net/~rbalint/autopkgtest-cloud/+git/autopkgtest-cloud/+merge/397740   (rbalint, 16:51)

=== AOB ===

Discussion started by bdmurray at 16:53.




== People present (lines said) ==

 * bdmurray (59)
 * vorlon (44)
 * ubottu (24)
 * slyon (19)
 * sil2100 (18)
 * JawnSmith (16)
 * rbalint (16)
 * doko (15)
 * tdaitx (14)
 * juliank (13)
 * xnox (10)
 * dbungert (9)
 * waveform (8)
 * mclemenceau (4)
 * meetingology (2)



== Full log ==


 16:00 <bdmurray> #startmeeting Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team

 16:00 <meetingology> Meeting started at 16:00:11 UTC.  The chair is bdmurray.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 16:00 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 16:00 <mclemenceau> o/

 16:00 <bdmurray> #topic Lightning Round

 16:00 <bdmurray> echo $(shuf -e vorlon bdmurray xnox tdaitx doko sil2100 rbalint mwhudson juliank waveform slyon jawnsmith dbungert)

 16:01 <bdmurray> xnox juliank tdaitx waveform bdmurray slyon jawnsmith doko rbalint vorlon dbungert mwhudson sil2100

 16:01 <xnox> skip

 16:01 <juliank> * released apt 2.1.19 and apt 2.1.20 (fixing small 2.1.19 test regression), highlights:

 16:01 <juliank> - Include all translations when building the cache (LP: #1907850)

 16:01 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1907850 in apt (Ubuntu Hirsute) "Cache not generated for all translations" [Undecided,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1907850

 16:01 <juliank> - A ton of fuzzing fixes from David Kalnischkies

 16:01 <juliank> * discussed with people in #debian-ftp about OpenPGP

 16:01 <juliank> * fixed libdatrie autopkgtest regression (forwarded to Debian)

 16:01 <juliank> * fixed libassuan autopkgtest regression by cherry-picking Debian merge request

 16:01 <juliank> (done)

 16:01 <bdmurray> tdaitx:

 16:02 <bdmurray> waveform: ?

 16:02 <tdaitx> * created the merge proposal for popcon

 16:02 <tdaitx> - tried to do on top of 1.71 (sitting on merge), but couldn't get LP to hide 1.71 patches without the merge showing conflicts in the web

 16:02 <tdaitx> * synced a couple packages that didn't need merge

 16:02 <tdaitx> * jck

 16:02 <tdaitx> - reduced the number of jobs needed

 16:02 <tdaitx> - cleaned a bunch of old containers in all the nodes and removed old unused workspaces

 16:02 <tdaitx> - tested singlevm with network classloading so the container agent can be smaller, but some tests don't run in this mode and there are a bunch more failures (but documentation seems to indicate this should be more stable, go figure)

 16:02 <tdaitx> * looked over jtr files for long running tests

 16:02 <tdaitx> Other:

 16:02 <tdaitx> - on +1 main today and tomorrow

 16:02 <tdaitx> - it's holiday from Mon-Wed, only planning on taking out Mon, will use the rest for swap

 16:02 <tdaitx> (done)

 16:02 <waveform> * u-boot-rpi Bionic verification (LP: #1903054)

 16:02 <waveform> * findutils merge (LP: #1915005)

 16:02 <waveform> * Worked on packaging for liblgpio, librgpio, rgpiod, rgs

 16:02 <waveform> * Working on initramfs-tools merge

 16:02 <waveform> * Pi meetings

 16:02 <waveform> (done)

 16:02 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1903054 in u-boot (Ubuntu Bionic) "[SRU] Please merge u-boot 2020.10+dfsg-1 from Debian unstable" [High,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1903054

 16:02 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1915005 in findutils (Ubuntu) "Please merge findutils 4.8.0 from Debian unstable" [Wishlist,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1915005

 16:03 <bdmurray> sponsored ubiquity to Focal for William but it was rejected again

 16:03 <bdmurray> reviewed and merged William's fix for LP: #1902025

 16:03 <bdmurray> sent email regarding point releases and phased updates

 16:03 <bdmurray> reviewed and merged dbungert's fix for LP: #1706168

 16:03 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1902025 in update-manager (Ubuntu Groovy) "hwe kernel not scoped under "Ubuntu Base"" [Medium,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1902025

 16:03 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1706168 in update-notifier (Ubuntu) "dialog shouldn't be display if Command doesn't exist" [Medium,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1706168

 16:03 <bdmurray> updated meta-release file for 20.04.2

 16:03 <bdmurray> used bileto to do a security only build of whoopsie for LP: #1914481

 16:03 <bdmurray> SRU verification of whoopsie issue re Bionic servers LP: #1914481

 16:03 <bdmurray> submitted an MP fixing the phased-updater considering "just" released packages

 16:03 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1914481 in whoopsie (Ubuntu Groovy) "use the size of the data when determining the server response" [Undecided,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1914481

 16:03 * xnox ready

 16:03 <bdmurray> sent email to ubuntu-devel regarding hwe support in Ubuntu 20.04

 16:03 <bdmurray> sync of skiboot for mclemenceau

 16:03 <bdmurray> discovered hirsute contents.gz files were 40 bytes :-(

 16:03 <bdmurray> âœ” done

 16:03 <bdmurray> xnox: go ahead

 16:03 <slyon> xnox:

 16:04 <xnox> refix cgo in rustc for riscv64

 16:04 <xnox> attempt riscv64 cross build of rustc, fails with lto, need to redo it again

 16:04 <xnox> riscv64 images advertised on sifive forums https://forums.sifive.com/t/ubuntu-20-04-lts-images-for-hifive-unleashed-qemu-vms/4429

 16:04 <xnox> ubiquity fixes.... for .2 and .2.0

 16:04 <xnox> working on making installer more testable with nvidia with tseliot

 16:04 <xnox> working on grub maas arm64 secureboot & accelerated UEFI

 16:04 <xnox> done

 16:04 <slyon> - alpha merge party

 16:04 <slyon> + netplan.io 0.101-4ubuntu1, user-setup 1.87ubuntu1, lvm2 2.03.11-2ubuntu1

 16:04 <slyon> + s390-tools[-signed] 2.15.1-1ubuntu1, needs ubuntu-archive queue review (signing)

 16:04 <slyon> - proposed-migration

 16:04 <slyon> + network-manager MP, for new systemd autopkgtest fixes, pending upload by Seb

 16:04 <slyon> + libreadonly-perl

 16:04 <slyon> - sponsoring for mclemenceau

 16:04 <slyon> + logrotate 3.18.0-1ubuntu1, pyxdg 0.27-2 (bug #1915211, bug #1915347)

 16:04 <ubottu> bug 1915211 in logrotate (Ubuntu) "Please merge logrotate 3.18.0-1 (main) from Debian unstable (main) Edit" [Wishlist,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1915211

 16:04 <ubottu> bug 1915347 in pyxdg (Ubuntu) "Sync pyxdg 0.27-2 (main) from Debian unstable (main)" [Undecided,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1915347

 16:04 <slyon> - Working on NetworkManager patched keyfile test-suite

 16:04 <slyon> + using new libnetplan YAML backend

 16:04 <slyon> === Netplan ===

 16:04 <slyon> - Bug triage

 16:04 <slyon> + subiquity bug #1882162 (duplicate of netplan bug #1881832)

 16:04 <slyon> + bug #1915349, bug #1915348, bug #1908944

 16:04 <slyon> - Prepared new PR#189 for NM YAML backend integration

 16:04 <ubottu> bug 1882162 in subiquity (Ubuntu) "subiquity creates wrong network configuration (wrong NIC name)" [Undecided,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1882162

 16:04 <slyon> (done)

 16:04 <ubottu> bug 1882162 in subiquity (Ubuntu) "duplicate for #1881832 subiquity creates wrong network configuration (wrong NIC name)" [Undecided,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1882162

 16:04 <ubottu> bug 1915349 in netplan "please add anchors" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1915349

 16:04 <ubottu> bug 1915348 in netplan "'find in page' doesn't work" [Undecided,Incomplete] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1915348

 16:04 <ubottu> bug 1908944 in netplan "Line number in route error is incorrect" [Low,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1908944

 16:04 <JawnSmith> Feb 11 2021

 16:04 <JawnSmith> * LP: #1829401 Crash in software-properties when mirror is invalid

 16:04 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1829401 in software-properties (Ubuntu Groovy) "gi.repository.GLib.GError: pk-client-error-quark: could not do untrusted question as no klass support" [High,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1829401

 16:04 <JawnSmith> - (SRUs to groovy and focal)

 16:04 <JawnSmith> * Reduce test size for software-properties

 16:04 <JawnSmith> * Merge sudo from debian upstream

 16:04 <JawnSmith> * Proposed migration for python3-defaults

 16:04 <JawnSmith> * LP: #1910815 race condition on grub systemd services

 16:04 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1910815 in grub2 (Ubuntu) "race on boot between multiple invocations of grub-editenv" [Undecided,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1910815

 16:04 <JawnSmith> [done]

 16:05 <doko> - four or five main merges

 16:05 <doko> - cross-toolchain-base updates for glibc 2.33

 16:05 <doko> - compiler updates

 16:05 <doko> - investigate wrong owner ship in package builds. LP: #1915250

 16:05 <doko> No solution yet, work around is in place

 16:05 <bdmurray> doko:

 16:05 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1915250 in fakeroot (Ubuntu) "buildd file owner/group for shared libraries " [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1915250

 16:05 <doko> - some brainstorming about x86_64 v2

 16:05 <doko> - some python packaging discussions with Debian and upstream

 16:05 <doko> - fixing autopkg tests for issues triggered by setuptools

 16:05 <doko> - landed non-conflicting dbg/dbgsym packages

 16:05 <doko> - watching the autopkg test queues

 16:05 <doko> (done), and you're too slow ;p

 16:05 <rbalint> * uploaded wireshark 3.4.3-1 via Debian

 16:05 <rbalint> * merged mdadm

 16:05 <rbalint> * landing systemd 247.3-1ubuntu1

 16:05 <rbalint> * poking glibc to migrate

 16:05 <rbalint> * partner work

 16:05 <rbalint> (done)

 16:06 <bdmurray> vorlon:

 16:06 <vorlon> * slow week, not much done last Thu/Fri due to illness

 16:06 <vorlon> * working through the list of reviews I'm tagged on in JIRA

 16:06 <vorlon> * britney hints for bambam regression blocking imagemagick

 16:06 <vorlon> * merged changes to phased-updater

 16:06 <vorlon> * reviewing an outstanding MP from LocutusOfBorg on auto-sync

 16:06 <vorlon> * reviewing merge of popularity-contest for tdaitx

 16:06 <vorlon> * discussions around improving throughput of packages from RPiOS

 16:06 <vorlon> * snow incoming, may not get much done this afternoon if I'm busy counting the flakes

 16:07 <vorlon> * off tomorrow

 16:07 <vorlon> * Monday is a holiday here, off for that

 16:07 <vorlon> (done)

 16:07 <dbungert> * New hire stuff might be done

 16:07 <dbungert> * open-iscsi update excuses: based on logfile analysis suggest just doing retests as needed, package might benefit from minor tuning to test suite to address a timeout

 16:07 <dbungert> * autoinstall-generator: project visibile on github, doing foundational work

 16:07 <dbungert> * LP: #1913321 MIR for libiniparser1 - MIR team still considering, last feedback is recognition that library is quasi-redundant with existing libraries but an expectation that the API is different

 16:07 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1913321 in mtd-utils (Ubuntu Hirsute) "[MIR] iniparser (dependency of mtd-utils)" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1913321

 16:07 <dbungert> * Pending items: SRU for LP: #1821412, irssi merge, autoinstall-generator work                               (done)

 16:07 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1821412 in update-notifier (Ubuntu) ""System program problem" report button does nothing" [High,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1821412

 16:07 <bdmurray> sil2100:

 16:07 <sil2100> o/

 16:08 <sil2100> - Sick day on Monday

 16:08 <sil2100> - SRU reviews and releases

 16:08 <sil2100> - Released 20.04.2!

 16:08 <sil2100> * Performed finalization steps

 16:08 <sil2100> * .2 retrospective meeting

 16:08 <sil2100> * Updating and improving the point-release process

 16:08 <sil2100> - Work on preparing the hotfix for 20.04.2, 20.04.2.0

 16:08 <sil2100> * Updates to cdimage, debian-cd etc.

 16:08 <sil2100> * Getting the ubiquity fix approved and pushed through

 16:08 <sil2100> * Multiple discussions about the issue at hand and testing

 16:08 <sil2100> * Coordination, performing some iso sanity testing (flavors, mocked OEM nvidia)

 16:08 <sil2100> - Updates in documentation

 16:08 <sil2100> - Looking into sqlite3 proposed migration

 16:08 <sil2100> - Started on updates of some cloud packages

 16:08 <sil2100> - Releasing new core18 to stable, investigating if the core20 update has been done

 16:08 <sil2100> - In-progress review of netplan's NM work - thinking about it right now

 16:08 <sil2100> (done)

 16:08 <bdmurray> any questions on status?

 16:09 <bdmurray> #topic Release Incoming Bugs

 16:09 <bdmurray> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-hh-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 16:10 <bdmurray> bug 1915120

 16:10 <ubottu> bug 1915120 in ubiquity (Ubuntu) "FTBFS - netcfg tests fail on hirsute" [Critical,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1915120

 16:11 <bdmurray> That seems worth fixing but it's a PPA version?

 16:11 <bdmurray> okay, let's card that

 16:12 <mclemenceau> ok

 16:12 <bdmurray> bug 1910815 - are you working on that JawnSmith ?

 16:12 <ubottu> bug 1910815 in grub2 (Ubuntu) "race on boot between multiple invocations of grub-editenv" [Undecided,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1910815

 16:12 <JawnSmith> Yes I am, I have an MP in

 16:13 <bdmurray> Okay, so I think a card would be redundant.

 16:13 <bdmurray> juliank: Are you reviewing this?

 16:13 <bdmurray> bug 1795278

 16:13 <ubottu> bug 1795278 in software-properties (Ubuntu) "software-properties-{qt,kde} attempts to use KUrl but it doesn't exist" [Undecided,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1795278

 16:16 <bdmurray> There is something of a patch there.

 16:17 <bdmurray> But it affects the kde and qt frontends so...

 16:18 <bdmurray> I think we should pass on that unless somebody wants to JFDI it on a Friday

 16:18 <bdmurray> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-gg-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 16:18 <bdmurray> bug 1904271

 16:18 <ubottu> bug 1904271 in python3.9 (Ubuntu) "Python 3.9 package is missing dependency on tzdata" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1904271

 16:19 <bdmurray> This was reopened by Colin

 16:22 <bdmurray> let's leave that for now

 16:22 <bdmurray> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ff-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 16:23 <bdmurray> There are a couple of bugs about hwe-support-status being out of data for 20.04.

 16:23 <bdmurray> s/data/date/

 16:24 <bdmurray> both of those seem worth fixing to me

 16:24 <bdmurray> so let's card those

 16:25 <bdmurray> bug 1912652

 16:25 <ubottu> bug 1912652 in glibc (Ubuntu) "package libc6 2.31-0ubuntu9.1 failed to install/upgrade: new libc6:arm64 package post-removal script subprocess returned error exit status 127" [Undecided,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1912652

 16:26 <rbalint> +1 for carding

 16:26 <bdmurray> rbalint: What is the upgrade path here?

 16:26 <rbalint> bdmurray, libc6-lse went away in hirsute, libc6 taking over

 16:26 <rbalint> (providing it)

 16:27 <bdmurray> so upgrading from Focal to Hirsute?

 16:27 <rbalint> Focal -> Groovy for now

 16:28 <rbalint> is what breaks

 16:28 <bdmurray> but also eventually Focal to Insatiable?

 16:28 <rbalint> yes, it i got the Insatiable part right :-)

 16:28 <rbalint> for now i think the quirk in u-r-u will do it

 16:28 <bdmurray> Anyway, let's card that too.

 16:29 <mclemenceau> ok I carded it

 16:29 <bdmurray> #topic Team proposed-migration report

 16:29 <bdmurray> vorlon:

 16:30 <vorlon> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs

 16:30 <vorlon> python3-defaults

 16:30 <vorlon> JawnSmith: any luck with this?

 16:31 <JawnSmith> Resolved 6 of 7 regressions, just need to resolve that grub service file race condition

 16:31 <bdmurray> The ubuntu-image issue is related to the grub mp

 16:31 <JawnSmith> yes that's correct

 16:31 <bdmurray> what about python-anndata?

 16:31 <JawnSmith> That is new, I'll take a look

 16:32 <JawnSmith> 6 of 8 I suppose

 16:33 <vorlon> just needs a retry against the new version of the package

 16:35 <vorlon> pexpect: tdaitx: ?

 16:35 <vorlon> and I'm going to unblock python3-defaults, ubuntu-image regression has been isolated

 16:36 <tdaitx> mine, needs more investigation, works locally but lp fails

 16:36 <vorlon> ok

 16:37 <tdaitx> it fails on the test phase with some "cannot find name for group ID 108", in case someone saw this before

 16:37 <vorlon> rbalint: systemd blocking network-manager?

 16:37 <rbalint> vorlon, landing the systemd-side fix already

 16:37 <vorlon> ok

 16:38 <vorlon> mtd-utils -> iniparser MIR: dbungert ?

 16:39 <bdmurray> I'm retrying the software-properties ones

 16:39 <vorlon> juliank: libassuan?

 16:39 <juliank> it's fixed

 16:39 <juliank> like I uploaded hours ago :)

 16:40 <vorlon> ok

 16:40 <vorlon> xnox: you said you were going to reupload boost-defaults, which doesn't seem to have happened? also the autopkgtest regressions are on boost1.74 which is still on me

 16:40 <dbungert> vorlon: no movement since last time

 16:41 <vorlon> dbungert: will you get to it this week?

 16:41 <mclemenceau> iniparser is being reviewed by the MIR team

 16:41 <dbungert> ^

 16:41 <vorlon> ok, the action from last week was for dbungert was to follow up on the MIR bug, is that done?

 16:42 <vorlon> juliank: libdatrie?

 16:42 <juliank> I uploaded a fews hours ago too :)

 16:42 <juliank> bad report :(

 16:42 <vorlon> heh

 16:42 <vorlon> report based on latest britney run

 16:43 <juliank> britney slow :(

 16:43 <vorlon> e2fsprogs, iproute2 xfsprogs are mine

 16:43 <dbungert> vorlon: I reviewed their IRC logs from the meeting and it was pointed out that libiniparser was quasi-redundant with other ini libs, but they expected that APIs were different.  Shall I ping ddstreet?

 16:43 <xnox> vorlon:  yes.

 16:44 <vorlon> dbungert: well I understood the agreed action is to follow up on the MIR bug and there's nothing new in https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/iniparser/+bug/1913321 maybe you should put your feedback there?

 16:44 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1913321 in mtd-utils (Ubuntu Hirsute) "[MIR] iniparser (dependency of mtd-utils)" [Undecided,New]

 16:44 <dbungert> vorlon: OK

 16:44 <vorlon> ok new packages not previously assigned

 16:45 <vorlon> libjson-perl: waveform: can you look at this?

 16:45 <waveform> vorlon, yup

 16:45 <vorlon> dbus-python is more software-properties, so presumably also bdmurray

 16:45 <vorlon> acl: JawnSmith: ?

 16:45 <JawnSmith> sure I can take acl

 16:45 <vorlon> liburi-perl: slyon?

 16:46 <slyon> vorlon: ack

 16:46 <JawnSmith> software properties is a case of the test being just way too long. I'm working on an update to shrink the test size while still achieving the same coverage

 16:46 <vorlon> perl: doko?

 16:46 <bdmurray> \o/

 16:46 <doko> mehh, yes

 16:49 <vorlon> libclass-xsaccessor-perl, I'll take a look

 16:51 <vorlon> iputils vs systemd, same failure profile as acl; JawnSmith can you look at both of these?

 16:51 <vorlon> (and check with rbalint if it's something that will be fixed on the systemd/test runner side)

 16:51 <JawnSmith> On it

 16:51 <rbalint> https://code.launchpad.net/~rbalint/autopkgtest-cloud/+git/autopkgtest-cloud/+merge/397740

 16:52 <vorlon> and zip is lintian failing on armhf so should be taken along with liburi-perl, slyon

 16:52 <slyon> vorlon: okay

 16:52 <vorlon> setuptools: juliank?

 16:53 <vorlon> and then I'll stop there for this week

 16:53 <juliank> fine

 16:53 <vorlon> bdmurray:

 16:53 <bdmurray> #topic AOB

 16:53 <doko> two things

 16:53 <bdmurray> Monday is a US holiday, but I'm out tomorrow.

 16:54 <doko> -fcf-protection and cet flags ...

 16:54 <doko> can we have a meeting with security, xnox, vorlon?

 16:55 <rbalint> i'm out tomorrow

 16:56 <waveform> I'll be out tomorrow morning and maybe afternoon

 16:59 <bdmurray> okay, thanks everybody!

 16:59 <bdmurray> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)