== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting meeting, started by mdeslaur, 26 Oct at 19:10 &mdash; 19:18 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://new.ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2021/ubuntu-meeting.2021-10-26-19.10.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== Apologies ===

Discussion started by mdeslaur at 19:10.


=== Action review ===

Discussion started by mdeslaur at 19:10.


=== Mailing list archive ===

Discussion started by mdeslaur at 19:14.


=== Community bugs ===

Discussion started by mdeslaur at 19:16.


=== AOB ===

Discussion started by mdeslaur at 19:16.


=== Next chair ===

Discussion started by mdeslaur at 19:17.




== People present (lines said) ==

 * mdeslaur (25)
 * vorlon (3)
 * meetingology (2)
 * rbasak (1)



== Full log ==


 19:10 <mdeslaur> #startmeeting

 19:10 <meetingology> Meeting started at 19:10:07 UTC.  The chair is mdeslaur.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 19:10 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 19:10 <mdeslaur> [topic] Apologies

 19:10 <mdeslaur> nobody apologized?

 19:10 <mdeslaur> [topic] Action review

 19:10 * mdeslaur formal ratification of third party seeded snap security policy, depends on

 19:11 * mdeslaur vorlon to circle around with store, snapcraft, et all, and revise the snap source revision policy to be more clear with regards to rebuildability and GPL compliance.

 19:11 <vorlon> punt

 19:11 * mdeslaur vorlon to reply to seeded snap upload permissions question on list

 19:11 <vorlon> punt :/

 19:11 <mdeslaur> CTION: sil2100 to start a draft summarizing the OEM archive portion of the meeting which xnox and TB will review, edit, and ratify before we move on to figuring out the next step

 19:11 <mdeslaur> sil2100 is absent

 19:11 * mdeslaur all members to continue discussion at https://pad.ubuntu.com/third-party-repository-requirements

 19:11 <mdeslaur> I added another comment today

 19:12 <mdeslaur> doesn't look like sil2100 looked at it yet?

 19:13 <mdeslaur> ok, I guess we'll want to wait to discuss it

 19:14 <mdeslaur> [topic] Mailing list archive

 19:14 <mdeslaur> there's the OpenSSL license exception thread

 19:15 <mdeslaur> I don't think we have anything else to do after vorlon's excellent response?

 19:16 <mdeslaur> [topic] Community bugs

 19:16 <mdeslaur> no community bugs

 19:16 <mdeslaur> [topic] AOB

 19:16 <mdeslaur> does anyone have anything else they would like to discuss?

 19:16 <vorlon> nothing from me

 19:16 <mdeslaur> rbasak?

 19:17 <rbasak> Nothing from me thanks

 19:17 <mdeslaur> [topic] Next chair

 19:18 <mdeslaur> sil2100 with cyphermox as backup

 19:18 <mdeslaur> that's all folks

 19:18 <mdeslaur> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)