== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team meeting, started by bdmurray, 04 Mar at 16:01 &mdash; 16:45 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://new.ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2021/ubuntu-meeting.2021-03-04-16.01.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning Round ===

Discussion started by bdmurray at 16:01.


=== Release Incoming Bugs ===

Discussion started by bdmurray at 16:12.

 * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-hh-incoming-bug-tasks.html   (bdmurray, 16:12)

=== Team proposed-migration report ===

Discussion started by bdmurray at 16:28.

 * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs   (bdmurray, 16:28)
 * ''LINK:'' https://autopkgtest.ubuntu.com/packages/d/dgit/hirsute/amd64 looks like it passed now, after doko retriggered it  (xnox, 16:32)

=== AOB ===

Discussion started by bdmurray at 16:43.




== People present (lines said) ==

 * bdmurray (83)
 * sil2100 (31)
 * ubottu (22)
 * tdaitx_ (22)
 * rbalint (16)
 * xnox (14)
 * slyon (14)
 * JawnSmith (12)
 * juliank (11)
 * dbungert (8)
 * meetingology (2)
 * mclemenceau (2)



== Full log ==


 16:01 <bdmurray> #startmeeting Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team

 16:01 <meetingology> Meeting started at 16:01:07 UTC.  The chair is bdmurray.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 16:01 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 16:01 <bdmurray> #topic Lightning Round

 16:01 <bdmurray> echo $(shuf -e vorlon bdmurray xnox tdaitx doko sil2100 rbalint mwhudson juliank waveform slyon jawnsmith dbungert)

 16:01 <bdmurray> bdmurray tdaitx xnox mwhudson slyon doko juliank dbungert jawnsmith rbalint vorlon sil2100 waveform

 16:01 <bdmurray> \o/

 16:01 <bdmurray> submitted phased-updater MP re improved logging

 16:01 <bdmurray> sponsored u-r-u fix for LP: #1907713

 16:01 <bdmurray> with William found an issue with python-apt / apt and KeyboardInterrupt

 16:01 <bdmurray> uploaded u-r-u to restore sources.list on SIGINT where possible LP: #1898026

 16:02 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1907713 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu Hirsute) "aufs support is deprecated and should be handled on upgrade" [High,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1907713

 16:02 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1898026 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu Hirsute) "interruption of dist-upgrade can leave you next release in sources.list" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1898026

 16:02 <bdmurray> with IS tested the fix for LP: #1914465, merged it to the bzr branch

 16:02 <bdmurray> submitted RT #129952 regarding updating the iso-tracker with the above fix

 16:02 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1914465 in Ubuntu QA Website "Download links refers to MD5 checksum - it actually refers to a SHA256 checksum" [Low,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1914465

 16:02 <bdmurray> uploaded gnutls with autopkgtest fix for expired cert LP: #1910255

 16:02 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1910255 in gnutls28 (Ubuntu Groovy) "autopkgtest fails due to an expired certificate" [Low,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1910255

 16:02 <bdmurray> improved a bug reporter fix for sources list and ports LP: #1917220

 16:02 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1917220 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu) "ports.ubuntu.com not selected for arm64 architecture" [Medium,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1917220

 16:02 <bdmurray> submitted sru-report MP fixing a KeyError w/ autopkg_fails

 16:02 <bdmurray> sru-review of google-osconfig-agent

 16:02 <bdmurray> investigation into devel Error Tracker and django request being empty

 16:02 <bdmurray> âœ” done

 16:02 <bdmurray> tdaitx_:

 16:02 <tdaitx_> jck-11

 16:02 <tdaitx_> * creation of lxc instances for server + test platform

 16:02 <tdaitx_> * self-contained network tests in the jck server: remote agents using OpenJDK 11 Reference Implementation, http, ftp, and kerberos

 16:02 <tdaitx_> * xpra for display tests for jck runtime tests, will come in handy for interactive tests

 16:02 <tdaitx_> * sshfs sharing jck server directories (unprivileged containers can't mount smb/nfs)

 16:02 <tdaitx_> * triggered multiple builds to establish new baseline: slow going, 4 to 7 hours per test, 4 releases, 2 tests for each

 16:02 <tdaitx_> * some issues:

 16:02 <tdaitx_> - lxc failing to access indexes and images, now know to be caused by lxd/lxc somehow losing the proxy config keys, now under investigation by IS

 16:02 <tdaitx_> -  jenkins node going offline all the time (also highly affected by the bos zone outage) crashes the job but does not kill the script it started

 16:02 <tdaitx_> * pexpect ftbfs:

 16:02 <tdaitx_> - lp builder user' group not in /etc/group and /usr/bin/groups complains loudly

 16:02 <tdaitx_> - /etc/bash.bashrc calls /usr/bin/groups

 16:02 <tdaitx_> - bash --rcfile should not call any other rc file (according to help, man page, and assorted docs)

 16:02 <tdaitx_> - bash 2.03-1 added patch to *always* load /etc/bash.bashrc before the rcfile, contrary to man, help, docs; changelog mentions "it is empty by default" back then

 16:02 <tdaitx_> - pexpect uses bash --rcfile, which loads /etc/bash.bashrc, calling /usr/bin/groups to add some lovely grumpiness to the output, causing the 4 tests to fail

 16:03 <tdaitx_> - no way to use --rcfile without also loading system bashrc

 16:03 <tdaitx_> - all tests were disabled in the previous version

 16:03 <tdaitx_> - fix: builder? bash? tests?

 16:03 <tdaitx_> Other:

 16:03 <tdaitx_> - looked over jenkins job builders from server team, neat, tried it myself in our jenkins jck but sso login shouted 403, need to reach IS for support/permission

 16:03 <tdaitx_> - out tomorrow and Wednesday next week

 16:03 <tdaitx_> (done)

 16:03 <xnox> one moment

 16:03 <xnox> fixing one-grub uploads to build i386 packages in hirsute, otherwise launchpad doesn't allow migrating them from -proposed to -release.

 16:03 <xnox> working on casper improvements w.r.t. cdrom.mount & md5checks

 16:03 * bdmurray waits expectantly

 16:03 <xnox> working on core-initrd updates to support more server-like hardware

 16:03 <xnox> done

 16:03 <xnox> btw how do i get rid of freenode PM spam?

 16:04 <slyon> - Fixed lvm2 initramfs issue, bug #1915579

 16:04 <slyon> - +1 maintenance (Wed/Thu)

 16:04 <slyon> + working on rust FTBFS/transition

 16:04 <slyon> + working on auto-wlroots transition

 16:04 <slyon> - Working on s390x HMC access with Frank & IS

 16:04 <slyon> === Netplan ===

 16:04 <bdmurray> slyon:

 16:04 <ubottu> bug 1915579 in lvm2 (Ubuntu) "lvm2 version 2.03.11-2ubuntu1 breaks initramfs" [Critical,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1915579

 16:04 <slyon> - Supporting different people on IRC

 16:04 <slyon> - Fixed DNS resolver autopkgtest issue in 0.101-4ubuntu3

 16:04 <slyon> - Review & merge of "Duplicate ARPIPTargets" PR#199, bug #1915837

 16:04 <slyon> - Prepared final PR#193 for NetworkManager backend integration

 16:04 <slyon> - Working on 'netplan set' CLI, writing back to (multiple) existing files

 16:04 <slyon> (done)

 16:04 <ubottu> bug 1915837 in netplan "Duplicate values set to ARPIPTargets property in NetDev files" [Undecided,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1915837

 16:04 <bdmurray> doko:

 16:06 <bdmurray> how about juliank?

 16:06 <juliank> * apt 2.2.1

 16:06 <juliank> * finalizing apt groovy SRU preparations

 16:06 <juliank> * reviewed merge request for autopkgtest-cloud from rbalint

 16:06 <juliank> * cleaned up a pile of emails

 16:06 <juliank> * fixed setuptools migration

 16:06 <juliank> - weirdness with macsyfinder becoming amd64-only (from all) breaking autopkgtest ability to find source package

 16:06 <juliank> (done)

 16:06 <dbungert> * LP: #1913321 - Done!

 16:06 <dbungert> * LP: #1915866 - 2 non-MIR blocking items fixed here, pending review

 16:06 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1913321 in iniparser (Ubuntu Hirsute) "[MIR] iniparser (dependency of mtd-utils)" [Undecided,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1913321

 16:06 <dbungert> * autoinstall-generator - snap, documentation and CLI help, debug diagnostics,

 16:06 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1915866 in iniparser (Ubuntu) "non-blocking items from MIR of iniparser: tests, 1 byte stack overflow" [Low,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1915866

 16:06 <dbungert> schema verification, fixes for schema incorrectness, first step handling for

 16:06 <dbungert> d-i partitioning, launchpad setup

 16:06 <dbungert> * subiquity - fix schema generation and verify schema in CI

 16:06 <dbungert> (done)

 16:06 <JawnSmith> * LP: #1571506 SRU to focal

 16:06 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1571506 in initramfs-tools (Ubuntu Focal) "update-initramfs should include firmware from /lib/firmware/updates" [Undecided,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1571506

 16:06 <JawnSmith> * LP: #1901043 SRU verification for focal

 16:06 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1901043 in ubiquity (Ubuntu Focal) "No sound in ubiquity-dm with nomodeset" [Medium,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1901043

 16:06 <JawnSmith> * LP: #1912718 SRU verification for focal and groovy

 16:06 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1912718 in update-manager (Ubuntu Hirsute) "update-manager: clicks do not toggle checkboxes for "Remove old kernels"" [High,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1912718

 16:06 <JawnSmith> * LP: #1913476 SRU verification for focal and groovy

 16:07 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1913476 in update-manager (Ubuntu Focal) "/usr/bin/update-manager:TypeError:/usr/bin/update-manager@118:start_update:start_available:refresh_cache:update:_make_groups:__contains__" [High,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1913476

 16:07 <JawnSmith> * Proposed migration: man-db (success)

 16:07 <JawnSmith> * Raspberry pi GPIO work

 16:07 <JawnSmith> * SPI and RPi.GPIO are working without sudo in

 16:07 <JawnSmith> hirsute with kernel 5.10

 16:07 <JawnSmith> * i2c not working yet, still investigating

 16:07 <JawnSmith> [done]

 16:07 <rbalint> * Uploaded libcec 6.0.2-2 via Debian

 16:07 <rbalint> * partner work

 16:07 <rbalint> * triaged and fixed LP: #1917631

 16:07 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1917631 in gcl (Ubuntu) "gcl abort on start in hirsute" [Undecided,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1917631

 16:07 <rbalint> * uploaded 247.3-1ubuntu4 with a few targeted fixes

 16:07 <rbalint> * preparing glibc SRU for Focal and next upload for Hirsute

 16:07 <rbalint> * partly fixed sbuild to migrate

 16:07 <rbalint> * dicussions around unattended-upgrades

 16:07 <rbalint> (done)

 16:07 <bdmurray> vorlon:

 16:08 <bdmurray> how about sil2100?

 16:09 <sil2100> - Partially out on Tuesday - dentist

 16:09 <sil2100> - SRU reviews and releases

 16:09 <sil2100> - FFe reviews

 16:09 <sil2100> - ESM britney discussions, mostly regarding the spec and possible improvements

 16:09 <sil2100> - Sending e-mail to kernel team regarding the dkms -security SRU copies - no reply yet

 16:09 <sil2100> - Grading

 16:09 <sil2100> - britney stuff:

 16:09 <sil2100> * Added support for private PPAs (for the ESM case), started writing unit tests

 16:09 <sil2100> * Looked into .db generation via download-results

 16:09 <sil2100> * Discussed some of the approaches with Iain

 16:09 <sil2100> * Hacking on the autopkgtest-cloud worker portion

 16:09 <sil2100> - Investigating a bileto hang due to a stale lockfile

 16:09 <sil2100> - needrestart MIR:

 16:09 <sil2100> * Subscribing foundations to the packages

 16:09 <sil2100> * Iterating throught feedback, looking into test-ability

 16:09 <sil2100> - Helping out with some AA/SRU package copies for the grub2 CVE

 16:09 <sil2100> - Proposed migration retries and hints

 16:09 <sil2100> - Slowly going through the NM libnetplan main PR from Lukas

 16:09 <sil2100> (done)

 16:09 <sil2100> Dave's status:

 16:09 <sil2100> * Tested lgpio packaging and layer for gpio-zero on RaspiOS and Ubuntu

 16:10 <sil2100> * Landed lgpio layer for gpio-zero upstream

 16:10 <sil2100> * Working on updated packaging for gpio-zero in Ubuntu

 16:10 <sil2100> * Investigating issue with "native" GPIO pin driver in Ubuntu (works

 16:10 <sil2100> happily in RaspiOS but has a *weird* failure on Ubuntu which includes

 16:10 <sil2100> breaking eth temporarily!)

 16:10 <sil2100> * lgpio/rgpio packaging ready for review (LP: #1916901)

 16:10 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1916901 in Ubuntu "[needs-packaging] lg (lgpio, rgpio, rgpiod, rgs)" [Wishlist,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1916901

 16:10 <sil2100> * Submitted PPU application \o/

 16:10 <sil2100> (done)

 16:10 <sil2100> (sent by e-mail)

 16:11 <bdmurray> vorlon? doko?

 16:12 <bdmurray> #topic Release Incoming Bugs

 16:12 <bdmurray> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-hh-incoming-bug-tasks.html

 16:12 <bdmurray> bug 1915579

 16:12 <ubottu> bug 1915579 in lvm2 (Ubuntu) "lvm2 version 2.03.11-2ubuntu1 breaks initramfs" [Critical,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1915579

 16:12 <slyon> this one is fixed

 16:13 <bdmurray> Well since its fixed let's just remove the tag.

 16:13 <bdmurray> bug 1917220

 16:13 <ubottu> bug 1917220 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu) "ports.ubuntu.com not selected for arm64 architecture" [Medium,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1917220

 16:14 <bdmurray> So I've fixed this in ubuntu-release-upgrader for hirsute.

 16:14 <bdmurray> However, its not clear to me how they got these sources.list entries that were not ports.ubuntu.com

 16:15 <juliank> I don't like the fix

 16:15 <bdmurray> So the bad thing is people can't upgrade at all in this scenario but they had to do something weird to get their sources.list file in such a state.

 16:15 <juliank> We have the opposite one in python-apt

 16:16 <bdmurray> I was just modifying what ever existing code there was so take it up with Michael? ;-)

 16:17 <juliank> :D

 16:17 <juliank> self.arch not in ("amd64", "i386") is probably more future proof :D

 16:18 <bdmurray> Let's let it sit until we find out how the user got in this situation. I don't know if its worth SRU'ing.

 16:18 <bdmurray> juliank: ah, that sounds nice

 16:18 <bdmurray> bug 1916418

 16:18 <ubottu> bug 1916418 in systemd (Ubuntu) "Custom properties set with ENV{WHATEVER} in parent no longer imported with IMPORT{parent} in udev rule" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1916418

 16:19 <bdmurray> MachineType: Acer Predator G6-710

 16:19 <bdmurray> Predator!

 16:19 <rbalint> i'll check that

 16:19 <rbalint> the bug, not the predator :-)

 16:19 <bdmurray> okay, do you think it is worth carding or just testing?

 16:19 <rbalint> i'd card it

 16:20 <mclemenceau> Ok I can do that

 16:20 <bdmurray> bug 1874824

 16:20 <ubottu> bug 1874824 in procps (Ubuntu) "pgrep reports error "cannot allocate" when run without stack limit" [Undecided,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1874824

 16:21 <bdmurray> Looks like it'd need SRU'ing too

 16:21 <bdmurray> Let's target and card that

 16:21 <bdmurray> bug 1913763

 16:21 <ubottu> bug 1913763 in systemd (Ubuntu) "hyperv: unable to distinguish PTP devices" [Undecided,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1913763

 16:21 <rbalint> uploaded already

 16:22 <bdmurray> Is it a candidate for SRU'ing?

 16:22 <rbalint> ddstreet, prepared the fix and probably the srus as well

 16:22 <bdmurray> Okay, but not work for Foundations?

 16:23 <rbalint> not, after it migrated in Hirsute

 16:23 <mclemenceau> I got ping about this one today, bug 1917665

 16:23 <ubottu> bug 1917665 in grub2 (Ubuntu) "PXE booting exits into grub command-line" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1917665

 16:25 <bdmurray> This sounds like something with grub2 and not MAAS.

 16:25 <bdmurray> so not taking

 16:25 <bdmurray> Oops, I mean the other way around!

 16:25 <bdmurray> something with maas

 16:27 <bdmurray> We've talked about rls-gg before

 16:27 <bdmurray> rls-ff had a left over one so skipping that

 16:28 <bdmurray> #topic Team proposed-migration report

 16:28 <bdmurray> #link http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs

 16:29 <bdmurray> tdaitx_: pexpect is still yours afaict

 16:29 <bdmurray> Do you need / want to hand it off?

 16:30 <xnox> i had stuff from there, which i didn't do yet.

 16:30 <xnox> sigh

 16:31 <bdmurray> dpkg and dgit wasn't previously discussed was it?

 16:32 <xnox> https://autopkgtest.ubuntu.com/packages/d/dgit/hirsute/amd64 looks like it passed now, after doko retriggered it

 16:32 <bdmurray> cool

 16:32 <bdmurray> attr and livecd-rootfs

 16:33 <bdmurray> I'll take that

 16:33 <bdmurray> freetype - JawnSmith?

 16:33 <JawnSmith> o/

 16:33 <bdmurray> gnupg2 - xnox?

 16:34 <bdmurray> libbsd has a dep on something in universe. Does anybody know if that is being looked at / addressed?

 16:34 <xnox> bdmurray:  sure.

 16:36 <bdmurray> ah bug 1915009

 16:36 <ubottu> bug 1915009 in libmd (Ubuntu) "[MIR] libmd (dependency of libbsd)" [High,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1915009

 16:36 <bdmurray> which is with security

 16:36 <bdmurray> libffi - any takers?

 16:36 <slyon> yes, I can take that

 16:36 <bdmurray> great

 16:37 <bdmurray> libgcrypt20 - dbungert ?

 16:37 <dbungert> bdmurray: OK

 16:37 <bdmurray> libselinux - rbalint are you looking at this?

 16:38 <rbalint> no, but i can :-)

 16:38 <bdmurray> thanks!

 16:38 <bdmurray> libxcrypt let's give to mwhudson

 16:38 <bdmurray> libzstd sil2100?

 16:39 <sil2100> ACK o/

 16:39 <bdmurray> What's going on with fwupd-signed and fwupd?

 16:40 <bdmurray> fwupd looks stuck in -proposed

 16:40 <bdmurray> Depends on glib2.0

 16:40 <bdmurray> okay, answered my own question!

 16:40 <bdmurray> xnox: openssl?

 16:41 <xnox> bdmurray:  no.

 16:41 * bdmurray gasps

 16:41 <xnox> bdmurray:  i fixed everything that is caused by openssl. these are not ssl related ones.

 16:41 <xnox> to people need to look into those as to why they are flakey / regressed in release / etc.

 16:42 <xnox> (i have done enough of regressions / incompat with openssl already, i.e. all things that used to fail on all arches with openssl trigger)

 16:42 <bdmurray> alrighty

 16:43 <bdmurray> so let's stop there but feel free to pick up other things!

 16:43 <bdmurray> #topic AOB

 16:43 <JawnSmith> I'll be out Monday

 16:44 <rbalint> i'll be out tomorrow

 16:45 <bdmurray> Alright, thanks everybody!

 16:45 <bdmurray> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)