== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team meeting, started by bdmurray, 11 Mar at 16:00 &mdash; 16:42 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://new.ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2021/ubuntu-meeting.2021-03-11-16.00.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning Round ===

Discussion started by bdmurray at 16:01.


=== Release Incoming Bugs ===

Discussion started by bdmurray at 16:13.

 * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-hh-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs   (bdmurray, 16:13)
 * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ff-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs   (bdmurray, 16:20)

=== Team proposed-migration report ===

Discussion started by bdmurray at 16:23.

 * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs   (bdmurray, 16:23)

=== AOB ===

Discussion started by bdmurray at 16:33.




== People present (lines said) ==

 * bdmurray (61)
 * xnox (24)
 * sil2100 (24)
 * ubottu (21)
 * doko (20)
 * rbalint (14)
 * slyon (13)
 * dbungert (9)
 * waveform (9)
 * JawnSmith (9)
 * mclemenceau (6)
 * juliank (5)
 * meetingology (2)



== Full log ==


 16:00 <bdmurray> #startmeeting Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team

 16:00 <meetingology> Meeting started at 16:00:57 UTC.  The chair is bdmurray.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 16:00 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 16:01 <bdmurray> #topic Lightning Round

 16:01 <bdmurray> echo $(shuf -e vorlon bdmurray xnox doko sil2100 rbalint mwhudson juliank waveform slyon jawnsmith dbungert)

 16:01 <bdmurray> juliank rbalint slyon bdmurray dbungert mwhudson vorlon xnox waveform sil2100 jawnsmith doko

 16:01 <juliank> Yay

 16:01 <mclemenceau> o/

 16:02 <juliank> I worked on apt SRUs, I'm mostly done now, but another patch came up today, so hopefully tomorrow

 16:02 <juliank> Some autopkgtest testing for rbalint

 16:02 <juliank> (done) (i think)

 16:02 <rbalint> * +1 maintenance

 16:02 <rbalint> * meetings

 16:02 <rbalint> * fixed SRU template for LP: #1806076

 16:03 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1806076 in apt (Ubuntu Bionic) "unattended-upgrade --help raises UnicodeEncodeError when stdout encoding is ascii" [Undecided,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1806076

 16:03 <rbalint> * uploaded systemd 247.3-2ubuntu1

 16:03 <rbalint> * uploded wireshark 3.4.4-1 via Debian, needs to be merged

 16:03 <rbalint> (done)

 16:03 <rbalint> y

 16:03 <slyon> - Testing Matrix IRC bridge

 16:03 <slyon> - Interview

 16:03 <slyon> === Netplan ===

 16:03 <slyon> - Bug triage of LP: #1918198, LP: #1918421

 16:03 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1918198 in netplan "Support explicitly excluding an interface from netplan's handling" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1918198

 16:03 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1918421 in netplan.io (Ubuntu) "netplan does not match multiple driver specifications" [Undecided,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1918421

 16:03 <slyon> - Reviewed & Merged duplicate ARPIPTargets PR#199, bug #1915837

 16:03 <slyon> - Implemented small wireguard test stability improvements

 16:03 <slyon> - Final review, testing & merge of huge NM integration API PR#193

 16:03 <slyon> - Implemented 'set' CLI writeback to existing file, PR#197, needs review

 16:03 <slyon> - Working on implementation of 'networkctl reload/reconfigure' refactoring

 16:03 <slyon> * incl. some integration-test system improvements

 16:03 <slyon> (done)

 16:03 <ubottu> bug 1915837 in netplan "Duplicate values set to ARPIPTargets property in NetDev files" [Undecided,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1915837

 16:05 <xnox> bdmurray:  ?

 16:05 <juliank> bdmurray: ping

 16:06 <bdmurray> sponsored opencryptoki fix for LP: #1915517

 16:07 <bdmurray> sponsored initramfs-tools upload fixing LP: #1571506

 16:07 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1915517 in opencryptoki (Ubuntu Groovy) "[UBUNTU 21.04] openCryptoki: pkcscca migration fails with usr/sb2 is not a valid slot ID" [High,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1915517

 16:07 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1571506 in initramfs-tools (Ubuntu Focal) "update-initramfs should include firmware from /lib/firmware/updates" [Undecided,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1571506

 16:07 <bdmurray> worked around a request issue with python-django in Bionic for the devel Error Tracker

 16:07 <bdmurray> worked around a csrf token issue with python-django in Bionic for the devel Error Tracker

 16:07 <bdmurray> continued work / testing on upgrading the Error Tracker to Bionic

 16:07 <bdmurray> investigation into where charmhelper PR https://github.com/juju/charm-helpers/pull/573 went

 16:07 <bdmurray> reported, forwarded freecad autopkgtest failure on s390x LP: #1918474

 16:07 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1918474 in freecad (Ubuntu) "femtest.app.test_open.TestObjectOpen test fails on s390x in hirsute" [Medium,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1918474

 16:07 <bdmurray> âœ” done

 16:07 <dbungert> * monkeysphere vs libgcrypt20 - test flake bug filed (LP: #1917943),

 16:07 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1917943 in monkeysphere (Ubuntu) "autopkgtest failure - public key file not found (~2% reproduction rate)" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1917943

 16:07 <dbungert> libgcrypt20 unblocked by monkeysphere retest

 16:07 <dbungert> * autoinstall-generator - lots of cleanup, bugfixes, and minor features, 0.1

 16:07 <dbungert> release with Discourse post

 16:07 <dbungert> * LP: #1915866 - Uploaded, thanks juliank & xnox

 16:07 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1915866 in iniparser (Ubuntu) "non-blocking items from MIR of iniparser: tests, 1 byte stack overflow" [Low,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1915866

 16:07 <dbungert> * LP: #1918456 - iniparser1 test failure on armhf, under investigation

 16:07 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1918456 in iniparser (Ubuntu) "test failure - invalid conversion on armhf" [Undecided,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1918456

 16:07 <dbungert> (done)

 16:07 <xnox> riscv64:

 16:07 <xnox> sponsored uboot merges

 16:07 <xnox> uploaded opensbi patches + uboot patches

 16:08 <xnox> made ubuntu-cdimage/livecd-rootfs changes to add +unleased +unmatched images

 16:08 <xnox> testing in PPA before proposing/merging those

 16:08 <xnox> assembled case, psu, motherboard hopefully it will not explode on me or catch fire

 16:08 <xnox> secureboot

 16:08 <xnox> testing new proposed shim with SBAT

 16:08 <xnox> studying maas/grub interaction of grub-http stack vs uefi-http stack

 16:08 <xnox> preparing grub2-signed changes for bionic down

 16:08 <xnox> installer boot UX

 16:08 <xnox> having fun with casper improvements

 16:08 <xnox> uc20

 16:08 <xnox> core-initrd update with support for dell server SKU, VMware

 16:08 <xnox> core-initrd add support for clock-epoch

 16:08 <xnox> done

 16:08 <waveform> * Added diversions to linux-firmware-raspi2 (LP: #1918013)

 16:08 <waveform> * Worked on autopkgtest failure on initramfs-tools merge (LP: #1915966)

 16:08 <waveform> * Testing new stuff (bumps required in linux-firmware-raspi2)

 16:08 <waveform> * Worked on netplan driver-name mismatch (LP: #1918421)

 16:08 <waveform> * Pi meetings

 16:08 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1918013 in linux-firmware-raspi2 (Ubuntu Hirsute) "package linux-firmware 1.194 [modified: lib/firmware/brcm/brcmfmac43430-sdio.bin lib/firmware/brcm/brcmfmac43430-sdio.raspberrypi,3-model-b.txt lib/firmware/brcm/brcmfmac43455-sdio.bin lib/firmware/brcm/brcmfmac43455-sdio.raspberrypi,3-model-b-plus.txt lib/firmware/brcm/brcmfmac43455-sdio.raspberrypi,4-model-b.txt] failed to install/upgrade: trying to overwrite '/lib/firmware/brcm/br

 16:08 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1915966 in initramfs-tools (Ubuntu) "Please merge initramfs-tools 0.139 from Debian unstable" [Wishlist,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1915966

 16:08 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1918421 in netplan.io (Ubuntu) "netplan does not match multiple driver specifications" [Undecided,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1918421

 16:08 <waveform> (done)

 16:09 <bdmurray> sil2100:

 16:09 <sil2100> - Crazy week with power outages and heating bonanza

 16:09 <sil2100> - SRU reviews and releases

 16:09 <sil2100> - DMB meeting and discussions

 16:09 <sil2100> - TB meeting

 16:09 <sil2100> - Discussing nearing changes to kernel SRU processes

 16:09 <sil2100> - Review of Andy's copy-proposed-kernel regarding new lrm handling

 16:09 <sil2100> - Interviews

 16:09 <sil2100> - needrestart MIR:

 16:09 <sil2100> * Looking at the upstream testing story = none

 16:09 <sil2100> * Created a small sanity autopkgtest, uploaded, noticed armhf failure

 16:09 <sil2100> * Fought to get an armhf hirsute instance running, but with no success

 16:09 <sil2100> * armhf kernel detection not working, investigating why, waiting for MIR team feedback

 16:09 <sil2100> - Tried reproducing an ubiquity bug regarding keyboard layout in user/password fields - failed

 16:09 <sil2100> * Waiting for feedback from community

 16:09 <sil2100> - Looked into some Bileto weirdness

 16:09 <sil2100> - Reviewed big libnetplan NM PR for Lukas

 16:09 <sil2100> - Finishing review of get/set improvements for netplan for Lukas as well!

 16:09 <sil2100> - ESM britney:

 16:09 <sil2100> * Working on tests for the britney parts, fighting mocking out swiftclient nicely

 16:09 <sil2100> - Reviewed Michael's ubuntu-image PR for snap prepare-image preparing the DTB stuff

 16:09 <sil2100> * Will be poking for more things regarding that

 16:09 <sil2100> - Got poked about possibly helping with some package sponsoring/review for HWE, sent to management

 16:09 <sil2100> (done)

 16:09 <slyon> yay! Thanks o/

 16:10 <JawnSmith> * Proposed migration: freetype

 16:10 <JawnSmith> * Proposed migration: openssl

 16:10 <JawnSmith> * LP: #1901043 SRU verification using nightly build

 16:10 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1901043 in ubiquity (Ubuntu Focal) "No sound in ubiquity-dm with nomodeset" [Medium,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1901043

 16:10 <JawnSmith> * LP: #1912371 flashrom + libftdi MIR

 16:10 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1912371 in libftdi (Ubuntu) "[MIR] flashrom + libftdi" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1912371

 16:10 <JawnSmith> * LP: #1571506 SRU verification for focal

 16:10 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1571506 in initramfs-tools (Ubuntu Focal) "update-initramfs should include firmware from /lib/firmware/updates" [Undecided,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1571506

 16:10 <JawnSmith> * Ensure RPi.GPIO works on pi400 and CM4 with kernel 5.8

 16:10 <JawnSmith> * Addressing lgpio library failures with kernel 5.11

 16:10 <JawnSmith> [done]

 16:10 <bdmurray> doko:

 16:11 <doko> - gcc-11 uploads with the sanitizer libs built

 16:11 <doko> - some bug triage for existing LP issues: gcc-defaults, gcc-10, gcc-9

 16:11 <doko> - MIR reviews, promoting approved MIRs

 16:11 <doko> - more +1 related work, helping some transitions, e.g. android-*

 16:11 <doko> - LLVM 12 fixes, and prepared llvm-defaults to point to 12

 16:11 <doko> - some unplanned work tracking down ABI breakage in libgnat

 16:11 <doko> - evaluated x86-64-v1 and -v2 test rebuilds

 16:11 <doko> - working with pip/setuptools upstream on integrating some of the python3.x

 16:11 <doko> patches upstream.

 16:11 <doko> (done)

 16:12 <bdmurray> Any questions on status?

 16:12 <bdmurray> alright moving on then

 16:13 <bdmurray> #topic Release Incoming Bugs

 16:13 <bdmurray> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-hh-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 16:13 <bdmurray> bug 1916541

 16:13 <ubottu> bug 1916541 in glibc (Ubuntu) "smtp "fatal: unknown service: smtp/tcp", probably after libc upgrade " [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1916541

 16:13 * rbalint already on it

 16:13 <rbalint> please card it for tracking

 16:13 <bdmurray> okay, let's target and card it

 16:14 <mclemenceau> ok

 16:14 <bdmurray> bug 1917590

 16:14 <ubottu> bug 1917590 in casper (Ubuntu) "File integrity check at boot of install media no longer functional" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1917590

 16:15 <bdmurray> xnox will take that one

 16:15 <bdmurray> bug 1917780

 16:15 <ubottu> bug 1917780 in initramfs-tools (Ubuntu) "initramfs-tools does not include fsck in initrd if mount pass is 0" [Medium,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1917780

 16:16 <bdmurray> this was too vague for me to understand - xnox?

 16:17 <xnox> the initramfs-tools one?

 16:17 <bdmurray> yes

 16:17 <bdmurray> bug 1915275

 16:18 <ubottu> bug 1915275 in mysql-8.0 (Ubuntu) "mysql-8.0 regressed on riscv64 due to new glibc" [Critical,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1915275

 16:18 <rbalint> imo this is not for us

 16:19 <bdmurray> How is that?

 16:19 <rbalint> marked as such

 16:19 <bdmurray> Ah, I got far enough down. The server team has taken some mysql steps upstream.

 16:19 <xnox> bdmurray:  added a comment, marked wont-fix, marked as duplicate of the other bug report.

 16:19 <rbalint> yes

 16:19 <xnox> (re:initramfs-tools)

 16:20 <bdmurray> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ff-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 16:20 <bdmurray> bug 1917625

 16:20 <ubottu> bug 1917625 in openssl (Ubuntu) "OpenSSL TLS 1.1 handshake fails internal error" [Undecided,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1917625

 16:20 <xnox> bdmurray:  that one is for me.

 16:21 <xnox> let me add a comment to it.

 16:21 <mclemenceau> alright I carded it

 16:22 <bdmurray> So that's it for rls stuff. mclemenceau do you have any bugs to bring up today?

 16:22 <mclemenceau> No I think I'm good thanks!

 16:23 <bdmurray> #topic Team proposed-migration report

 16:23 <bdmurray> #link http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs

 16:23 <mclemenceau> 10 packages \o/

 16:24 <bdmurray> pexpect has an associated bug reported about Launchpad buildds

 16:24 <bdmurray> gnupg2 is with xnox still is that correct?

 16:25 <xnox> yes....

 16:25 <bdmurray> sqlite3 and vuls - any takers?

 16:26 <sil2100> Maybe give me sqlite3, if no one else is interested o/

 16:27 <bdmurray> okay, its yours

 16:27 <bdmurray> Does anybody know the status of sbuild?

 16:27 <rbalint> i'm on it

 16:27 <bdmurray> cool

 16:28 <bdmurray> I'm guessing xnox is interested in livecd-rootfs

 16:28 <xnox> yes

 16:28 <bdmurray> So then we have python3-defaults

 16:29 <bdmurray> doko: have you looked at any of those?

 16:29 <bdmurray> xnox is working on lintian

 16:30 <bdmurray> and ubiquity

 16:30 <doko> just python3-furl, which is caused by a python 3.9.2 security fix

 16:30 <doko> the others need investigation

 16:30 <bdmurray> okay, why don't we split those up

 16:31 <bdmurray> python-furl for JawnSmith

 16:31 <bdmurray> er no, skip that

 16:31 <bdmurray> python-pynvim for JawnSmith

 16:31 <JawnSmith> o/

 16:31 <bdmurray> tuptime for dbungert

 16:31 <dbungert> bdmurray: OK

 16:32 <bdmurray> python-pyflow for me

 16:32 <bdmurray> sshuttle for waveform

 16:32 <waveform> ok

 16:32 <bdmurray> I'll also take python-crontab which passes locally for me

 16:32 <bdmurray> so now we are down to sphinx

 16:32 <doko> that's the libgnat ABI break

 16:33 <doko> I'll do these

 16:33 <bdmurray> Thanks!

 16:33 <bdmurray> #topic AOB

 16:33 <doko> let's do the following two as well ...

 16:33 <slyon> I will be out tomorrow

 16:33 <bdmurray> iniparser is with dbungert

 16:33 <dbungert> correct

 16:33 <doko> right

 16:33 <rbalint> i'll be out tomorrow and on Monday

 16:34 <doko> and initramfs-tools with waveform?

 16:34 <waveform> I'll also be out tomorrow (and each Friday this month, using up carry-over)

 16:34 <mclemenceau> I'll be out Mon/Tue/Wed

 16:34 <waveform> doko, ok

 16:34 <bdmurray> I'm out next week

 16:34 <doko> is anybody interested in looking at autopkg test regressions triggered by pytest?

 16:37 <bdmurray> doko: these? https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses.html#pytest

 16:40 <doko> bdmurray: yes

 16:40 <doko> stuck in propoised for two months

 16:40 <bdmurray> I'll try and have a look today

 16:42 <bdmurray> Okay, thanks everybody

 16:42 <bdmurray> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)