== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team meeting, started by bdmurray, 04 Nov at 15:01 &mdash; 15:40 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://new.ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2021/ubuntu-meeting.2021-11-04-15.01.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning Round ===

Discussion started by bdmurray at 15:01.

 * ''LINK:'' https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-desktop-installer/issues/449   (dbungert, 15:04)

=== Release Incoming Bugs ===

Discussion started by bdmurray at 15:10.

 * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-jj-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs   (bdmurray, 15:11)
 * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ii-incoming-bug-tasks.html   (bdmurray, 15:15)
 * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ff-incoming-bug-tasks.html   (bdmurray, 15:15)

=== Team proposed-migration report ===

Discussion started by bdmurray at 15:19.

 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs   (bdmurray, 15:20)
 * ''LINK:'' https://tracker.debian.org/news/1243909/removed-261-131-from-unstable/   (schopin, 15:30)

=== AOB ===

Discussion started by bdmurray at 15:37.




== People present (lines said) ==

 * bdmurray (76)
 * slyon (34)
 * sil2100 (32)
 * ubottu (25)
 * alexghiti (20)
 * waveform (13)
 * schopin (12)
 * dbungert (12)
 * ginggs (7)
 * doko (5)
 * juliank (4)
 * xypron (3)
 * meetingology (2)
 * mclemenceau (1)



== Full log ==


 15:01 <bdmurray> #startmeeting Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team

 15:01 <meetingology> Meeting started at 15:01:02 UTC.  The chair is bdmurray.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 15:01 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 15:01 <bdmurray> #topic Lightning Round

 15:01 <bdmurray> bdmurray schopin sil2100 dbungert alexghiti xypron vorlon jawn-smith slyon juliank mwhudson waveform ginggs doko

 15:01 <bdmurray> SRU verification of LP: #1916250

 15:01 <bdmurray> investigation into CPC build failure and reporting of LP: #1949116

 15:01 <bdmurray> pinging people about the above bug and getting llvm12 promoted

 15:01 <bdmurray> worked with sil2100 to rebuild Intel IoT images after some livecd-rootfs

 15:01 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1916250 in libsignon-glib (Ubuntu Impish) "gir1.2-signon-2.0 needs to declare replace on older releases (Groovy2Hirsute and Focal2Jammy)" [Low, Fix Committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1916250

 15:01 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1949116 in mesa (Ubuntu Hirsute) "libgl1-mesa-dri depends on libllvm12 from universe" [Critical, Fix Released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1949116

 15:02 <bdmurray> esearch regarding removal of Precise crash data from the Error Tracker

 15:02 <bdmurray> updated daisy crash removal code to successfully remove data for LTSes

 15:02 <bdmurray> review of a u-r-u MP which fixes LP: #1926267, uploaded it for jammy

 15:02 <bdmurray> uploaded apport fixing an autopkgtest failure (gdb abort again)

 15:02 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1926267 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu Impish) "do-release-upgrade failed silently after failed to connect to snap service" [High, Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1926267

 15:02 <bdmurray> investigation into Intel IoT image issues

 15:02 <bdmurray> review of livecd-rootfs, cloud-initramfs-tools changes for the above

 15:02 <bdmurray> testing of the grow root partition changes for Intel IoT image

 15:02 <bdmurray> review of candidate applications

 15:02 <bdmurray> interviews

 15:02 <bdmurray> testing / tweaking ps5 deployments of the Error Tracker

 15:02 <bdmurray> ✔ done

 15:02 <bdmurray> schopin:

 15:02 <schopin> # 20211104

 15:02 <schopin> * Holiday + PTO Monday/Tuesday

 15:02 <schopin> * OpenSSL:

 15:02 <schopin> + Started preparing patched versions of the Foundations packages for OpenSSL3

 15:02 <schopin> + Looked into the status of other main packages that failed to build:

 15:02 <schopin> - dovecot: found a patch on the RedHat bugzilla

 15:02 <schopin> - spice: doesn't FTBFS on Debian, which has a later upstream version

 15:02 <schopin> * netplan:

 15:02 <schopin> + Reviewed PR 243 for slyon addressing LP: #1949104

 15:02 <ubottu> Bug 243 in pinfo (Ubuntu) "Dpkg set up fails with: Setting up pinfo (0.6.8-3) ..." [Medium, Fix Released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/243

 15:02 <schopin> ✓ done

 15:02 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1949104 in netplan.io (Ubuntu Jammy) "netplan try is broken" [Undecided, Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1949104

 15:03 <bdmurray> sil2100:

 15:03 <sil2100> * Shorter week due to holidays

 15:03 <sil2100> * SRU reviews and releases

 15:03 <sil2100> * ubuntu-image:

 15:03 <sil2100> - Reviewed PR for armhf test fixes

 15:03 <sil2100> - Prepared PR for go-diskfs to enable custom sector-size definition

 15:03 <sil2100> - Lots of great discussion and planning on the ubuntu-image planning session

 15:03 <sil2100> - Started moving the old Python-based UI to the right org and different name

 15:03 <sil2100> * Ubuntu Core:

 15:03 <sil2100> - Started switching core22 to jammy

 15:03 <sil2100> - Discussions regarding future core enablements

 15:03 <sil2100> * Intel IOT:

 15:03 <sil2100> - Looking into enabling growroot and swapfile, SRUed required changes

 15:03 <sil2100> - Lots of debugging related to a bug with growroot forcing an initrd prompt on first boot

 15:03 <sil2100> - (wasted time doing local builds!)

 15:03 <sil2100> - Found issue with udev props missing after growpart, proposed workaround

 15:03 <sil2100> - Did more testing, pushed changes with help of Brian

 15:03 <sil2100> * Enhanced sru-review to be able to generate debdiffs also for uploads that are missing debdiffs

 15:03 <sil2100> * Take home test reviews

 15:03 <sil2100> * NEW reviews for Xilinx - looking into some licensing issues

 15:03 <sil2100> * Gathering feedback on ubuntu-cdimage simplestreams

 15:04 <sil2100> * Reviewed canary MP for cdimage for Dan

 15:04 <sil2100> * Review of the unsubscribe-team MP for ubuntu-archive-tools

 15:04 <sil2100> * Other stuff I forgot

 15:04 <sil2100> (done)

 15:04 <dbungert> * update-notifier: Prep for SRU of report button fix (LP: #1821412)

 15:04 <dbungert> * ubuntu-desktop-installer vs curtin: created new seed aimed at pulling

 15:04 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1821412 in update-notifier (Ubuntu) "'System program problem' report button does nothing" [High, In Progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1821412

 15:04 <dbungert> in packages that the desktop installer wants, and that curtin wants.

 15:04 <dbungert> Tell ubuntu-cdimage to use that seed.  Both PRs merged.

 15:04 <dbungert> https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-desktop-installer/issues/449

 15:04 <ubottu> Issue 449 in canonical/ubuntu-desktop-installer "Installation fails without explanation on apt download errors" [Open]

 15:04 <dbungert> * +1: crowdsec (LP: #1946376) - sorting out changes to golang packages to fix a

 15:04 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1946376 in golang-github-tonistiigi-fsutil (Ubuntu) "FTBFS due to conflict with vendored source in docker.io" [Undecided, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1946376

 15:04 <dbungert> conflict between vendored and non-vendored source.  Fix plan read, affecting

 15:04 <dbungert> 12 packages, discussing with potential sponsors and looking to get most of

 15:04 <dbungert> these changes into Debian.  Looking at firewalld next.

 15:04 <dbungert> (done)

 15:04 <alexghiti> BeagleV board:

 15:04 <alexghiti> ddrinit

 15:04 <alexghiti> Code: DONE https://github.com/AlexGhiti/JH7100_ddrinit/tree/int/alex%2Fspl

 15:04 <alexghiti> Package: TODO

 15:04 <alexghiti> u-boot SPL

 15:04 <alexghiti> Code: DONE https://github.com/AlexGhiti/u-boot/tree/int/alex%2Fspl_support

 15:04 <alexghiti> Package: TODO

 15:04 <alexghiti> u-boot:

 15:04 <alexghiti> Code: DONE https://github.com/AlexGhiti/u-boot/tree/int/alex%2Fspl_support

 15:04 <alexghiti> Package: DONE https://launchpad.net/~alexghiti/+archive/ubuntu/riscv/+build/22367399

 15:04 <alexghiti> Linux kernel:

 15:04 <alexghiti> Code: DONE https://github.com/AlexGhiti/riscv-linux/tree/int/alex%2Fbeaglev

 15:04 <alexghiti> Package: ONGOING.

 15:04 <alexghiti> Rootfs:

 15:04 <alexghiti> ONGOING in livecd-rootfs

 15:04 <alexghiti> Image

 15:04 <alexghiti> ONGOING in livecd-roots

 15:04 <alexghiti> Tutorial:

 15:05 <alexghiti> (done)

 15:05 <bdmurray> xypron:

 15:05 <xypron> The last week I have continued working on U-Boot for the Nezha board.

 15:05 <xypron> Anyway it was a short week with 2 days off.

 15:05 <xypron> <done>

 15:06 <slyon> vorlon is off

 15:06 <bdmurray> vorlon is feeling under the weather

 15:06 <slyon> jawn-smith is off but left this summary:

 15:06 <slyon> * ubuntu-image

 15:06 <slyon> * Used a locally patched snapd to avoid LP: #1948838 and used it to add --validation flag to ubuntu-image

 15:06 <slyon> * will push these changes when the above bug is resolved and I can update go.mod

 15:06 <slyon> * Started investigating passing through arbitrary flags/environment variables to live-build

 15:06 <slyon> * The strategy for this may change as we redesign classic builds, so putting in backlog for now

 15:06 <slyon> * Started work on adding --snap flag for extra snaps in classic images

 15:06 <slyon> * Created PR to fix LP: #1949208

 15:06 <slyon> * LP: #1923352 and LP: #1938442 for more SRU experience

 15:06 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1948838 in Snappy "Snapd can no longer be imported as a Go module" [Critical, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1948838

 15:06 <slyon> * Finishing up demo video for RISC-V summit

 15:06 <slyon> * HR and security training

 15:06 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1949208 in Ubuntu Image "Integer overflows possible when creating large images on 32 bit architectures" [Undecided, Fix Committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1949208

 15:06 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1923352 in speedtest-cli (Ubuntu Bionic) "speedtest-cli crashed with ValueError in get_config(): invalid literal for int() with base 10: ''" [Undecided, Fix Committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1923352

 15:06 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1938442 in hplip (Ubuntu Jammy) "Wrong permissions on ~/.hplip/.gnupg" [Undecided, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1938442

 15:06 <slyon> Now my status:

 15:06 <slyon> - short week: Fri & Mon off

 15:06 <slyon> - Take-home test

 15:06 <slyon> - HR training

 15:06 <slyon> - Bug grooming for netplan and systemd

 15:06 <slyon> - sponsored timidity for alexghiti

 15:06 <slyon> - working on Debian usrmerge bug #997866

 15:06 <ubottu> Bug 997866 in AskUbuntu Lens "Default view on lens should show the FAQ" [Wishlist, Fix Released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/997866

 15:06 <slyon> === Netplan ===

 15:06 <slyon> - working on SRUs LP: #1949104, LP: #1949761, LP: #1771740

 15:06 <slyon> - created PR https://github.com/canonical/netplan/pull/243

 15:06 <slyon> - created PR https://github.com/canonical/netplan/pull/235

 15:06 <slyon> - reviewed & merged PR https://github.com/canonical/netplan/pull/242

 15:06 <slyon> (done)

 15:06 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1949104 in netplan.io (Ubuntu Jammy) "netplan try is broken" [Undecided, Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1949104

 15:06 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1949761 in netplan.io (Ubuntu Jammy) "NM backend does not accept 'scope: link' routes" [Undecided, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1949761

 15:06 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1771740 in netplan.io (Ubuntu Impish) "Expose link offload options" [Wishlist, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1771740

 15:06 <ubottu> Pull 243 in canonical/netplan "cli:apply: initialize self.state (LP: #1949104)" [Merged]

 15:06 <ubottu> Pull 235 in canonical/netplan "generate:dbus:util: glib 2.70 compat" [Open]

 15:06 <ubottu> Pull 242 in canonical/netplan "Reset offload options" [Merged]

 15:07 <juliank> * autopkgtest cloud work on analysing failures, improving grafana graphs

 15:07 <juliank> * some apt merge request and issue reviewing and merging

 15:07 <juliank> (done)

 15:07 <bdmurray> waveform:

 15:07 <waveform> * Holiday last week (but managed a structa release :)

 15:07 <waveform> * Pi Zero 2 release (with associated blog post, tests, etc.)

 15:07 <waveform> * Tested proposed HDMI display freeze fix (LP: #1946368)

 15:07 <waveform> * Finished ISO test cases for Ubuntu Desktop for Pi (awaiting merge decision on https://code.launchpad.net/~waveform/ubuntu-manual-tests/+git/ubuntu-manual-tests/+merge/410534 before proposing as this branch builds on that one)

 15:07 <waveform> * Bumped proposed lg-gpio package for Debian (new upstream release)

 15:07 <waveform> * Working on rtimulib proposed package for Debian

 15:07 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1946368 in linux-raspi (Ubuntu) "HDMI output freezes under current/proposed impish kernels" [Critical, Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1946368

 15:07 <waveform> * Testing flash-kernel changes for Pi's boot.img mode

 15:07 <waveform> * Working on u-boot merge

 15:07 <waveform> * Pi meetings

 15:07 <waveform> (done)

 15:08 <bdmurray> ginggs:

 15:08 <ginggs> * still busy adding python3.10 as a supported version

 15:08 <ginggs> * set up tracker for openssl3 transition https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/transitions/html/openssl3.html

 15:08 <ginggs> * started filing bugs in debian https://bugs.debian.org/cgi-bin/pkgreport.cgi?tag=python3.10;users=debian-python@lists.debian.org

 15:08 <ginggs> * was off on Monday

 15:08 <ginggs> (done)

 15:08 <doko> - preparing OpenJDK 8 security updates

 15:08 <doko> - backporting jtreg / jtharness to bionic and focal, after chatting with the scurity team

 15:08 <doko> - preparing to file bug reports for python3.10 to debian

 15:08 <doko> (done)

 15:08 <bdmurray> are there any Questions on status?

 15:09 <bdmurray> waveform: what is the status of the HDMI output freeze?

 15:10 <waveform> bdmurray, the kernel in -proposed appears to fix the issue (for myself and for others), the verification on the bug is also done

 15:10 <sil2100> \o/

 15:10 <bdmurray> great

 15:10 <bdmurray> #topic Release Incoming Bugs

 15:10 <waveform> bdmurray, I believe it's due to land on the 8th

 15:10 <sil2100> waveform: does it fix all the known cases?

 15:11 <bdmurray> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-jj-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 15:11 <bdmurray> bug 1934439 is for the desktop team

 15:11 <ubottu> Bug 1934439 in software-properties (Ubuntu Xenial) "Add Ubuntu Pro banner to Livepatch page" [Wishlist, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1934439

 15:11 <bdmurray> bug 1949089

 15:11 <ubottu> Bug 1949089 in systemd (Ubuntu) "systemd randomly fails to activate mount units in Ubuntu Core 18" [Undecided, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1949089

 15:12 <slyon> that's a weird issue the snapd team found happening in their spread tests. I started investigating a bit. we should card it

 15:12 <bdmurray> okay, let's do that

 15:12 <slyon> might be an SRU regression of the latest bionic upload

 15:12 <mclemenceau> done

 15:13 <bdmurray> bug 1943530 is still incomplete

 15:13 <ubottu> Bug 1943530 in krb5 (Ubuntu) "link libkrb5 with openssl" [Undecided, Incomplete] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1943530

 15:13 <bdmurray> bug 1949104

 15:13 <ubottu> Bug 1949104 in netplan.io (Ubuntu Jammy) "netplan try is broken" [Undecided, Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1949104

 15:13 <bdmurray> this is already targetted to Jammy

 15:13 <slyon> netplan try broke with the latest netplan SRU. It's a regression, we should card & fix it. I'm working on a fix

 15:13 <bdmurray> Its an SRU regression?

 15:14 <slyon> (but we have an easy workaround available)

 15:14 <slyon> yes. It's a SRU regression

 15:15 <bdmurray> Okay, well when you upload something feel free to ping me or any other SRU team member.

 15:15 <bdmurray> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ii-incoming-bug-tasks.html

 15:15 <slyon> ack. will do

 15:15 <bdmurray> there is nothing there \o/

 15:15 <bdmurray> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ff-incoming-bug-tasks.html

 15:15 <bdmurray> bug 1948884

 15:15 <ubottu> Bug 1948884 in casper (Ubuntu) "casper interactive_netmount looks for the wrong url on 20.04.3" [Undecided, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1948884

 15:16 <bdmurray> I did look into this week and there aren't any symlinks

 15:16 <bdmurray> sil2100: Could you have a peek at this?

 15:16 <bdmurray> Or does somebody know when this actually gets called?

 15:17 <sil2100> Looking, wait

 15:17 <bdmurray> Is it a use case we actually care much about?

 15:18 <sil2100> hmmm, good question

 15:18 <sil2100> I think this would always be broken, so it's funny that this is the first report

 15:18 <bdmurray> right

 15:18 <sil2100> I'd like to check what's up with that tho

 15:19 <sil2100> But seems low priority

 15:19 <bdmurray> okay, let's leave it tagged until more investigation is done

 15:19 <bdmurray> #topic Team proposed-migration report

 15:20 <bdmurray> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs

 15:20 <bdmurray> There are some things showing up now which are not waiting on ppc64el

 15:20 <bdmurray> Like aptdaemon

 15:21 <bdmurray> I'll press the retry button

 15:22 <bdmurray> and I'll do that with command-not-found

 15:22 <bdmurray> dbus-python ?

 15:23 <slyon> I can check dbus-python

 15:23 <bdmurray> thanks

 15:23 <bdmurray> I'm just gonna assign some stuff

 15:23 <bdmurray> alexghiti: dnspython

 15:24 <bdmurray> dbungert: gpgme1.0

 15:24 <dbungert> bdmurray: ack

 15:24 <bdmurray> waveform: jeepney

 15:24 <alexghiti> bdmurray: ack

 15:24 <waveform> bdmurray, ack

 15:24 <bdmurray> ginggs: keyrings.alt

 15:24 <ginggs> gpgme1.0 doesn't build for pythoon 3.9 and 3.10

 15:25 <bdmurray> Is there a bug about that?

 15:25 <ginggs> bdmurray: not yet, i'm still filing those

 15:25 <bdmurray> dbungert: numpy then

 15:25 <dbungert> bdmurray: ack for numpy instead of gpgme1.0

 15:26 <bdmurray> xypron: open-iscsi

 15:27 <bdmurray> juliank: parsedatetime

 15:27 <bdmurray> slyon: pygments

 15:28 <slyon> bdmurray: ack

 15:28 <bdmurray> juliank: python-apt too

 15:28 <bdmurray> sil2100: python-attrs

 15:29 <juliank> all eatmydata ones just need retrying afaict, eatmydata 130 is in release pocket

 15:29 <bdmurray> doko: python-crypto

 15:29 <doko> ok

 15:29 <schopin> python-crypto has just been removed from Debian, I think.

 15:30 <schopin> https://tracker.debian.org/news/1243909/removed-261-131-from-unstable/

 15:31 <bdmurray> ah, thanks for that

 15:31 <sil2100> bdmurray: sure o/

 15:34 <bdmurray> slyon: systemd

 15:34 <slyon> ack

 15:37 <bdmurray> Okay, I think that's good but based off some other discussion we are going to retry a bunch of the python3-defaults so if your assigned autopkgtest failure involves python3-defaults maybe wait until Monday to look at it

 15:37 <bdmurray> #topic AOB

 15:37 <bdmurray> Anything else?

 15:37 <bdmurray> Next Thursday is a US holiday but I'm swapping it

 15:40 <bdmurray> Okay, thanks everybody

 15:40 <bdmurray> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)