== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status meeting, started by cpaelzer, 09 Mar at 15:30 &mdash; 16:00 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://new.ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2021/ubuntu-meeting.2021-03-09-15.30.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== Review of previous action items ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 15:31.


=== current component mismatches ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 15:34.

 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg   (cpaelzer, 15:34)
 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg   (cpaelzer, 15:38)

=== New MIRs ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 15:45.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=NEW&assignee_option=none&field.assignee=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (cpaelzer, 15:45)

=== Incomplete bugs / questions ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 15:53.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (cpaelzer, 15:53)
 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/libayatana-appindicator/+bug/1915695 is incompleted and sorted out between didrocks and seb128 which is ok (no current todo for us)  (cpaelzer, 15:55)

=== Any other business? ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 15:57.




== People present (lines said) ==

 * cpaelzer (82)
 * didrocks (19)
 * sarnold (9)
 * ubottu (9)
 * doko (8)
 * seb128 (8)
 * meetingology (2)
 * ddstreet (2)
 * mclemenceau (1)



== Full log ==


 15:30 <cpaelzer> #startmeeting Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status

 15:30 <meetingology> Meeting started at 15:30:40 UTC.  The chair is cpaelzer.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 15:30 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 15:31 <cpaelzer> #topic Review of previous action items

 15:31 <sarnold> good morning

 15:31 <cpaelzer> My action is to excuse myself being suddenly missing, but I was rather sick all of last week

 15:31 <cpaelzer> Ihope you were able to cover over that just fine

 15:31 <cpaelzer> if there were any real actions from last week let me know

 15:31 <cpaelzer> other than that we will give everyone a minute to realize it is meeting-time

 15:31 <cpaelzer> re-ping jamespage ddstreet doko didrocks

 15:32 <cpaelzer> and hi sarnold

 15:32 <sarnold> cpaelzer: alas there were only two of us last week, so nothing happened

 15:32 <sarnold> cpaelzer: I hope you're feeling better

 15:32 <ddstreet> o/ sorry

 15:33 <didrocks> hey

 15:33 <ddstreet> i have dual mtgs at this time each week, so i have to split my attention :)

 15:33 <cpaelzer> your 50% is often good enough

 15:34 <cpaelzer> as long as you can say yes to assigned tasks :-)

 15:34 <cpaelzer> ok let us get started here

 15:34 <cpaelzer> hoping to be more than the three of us :-)

 15:34 <cpaelzer> #topic current component mismatches

 15:34 <cpaelzer> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg

 15:35 <cpaelzer> we will nsee needrestart later anyway

 15:35 <didrocks> (4 of us?)

 15:35 <cpaelzer> oh you have the same color as sarnold has for me - sure 4

 15:35 <cpaelzer> and hi didrocks

 15:35 <didrocks> o/

 15:35 <cpaelzer> the real new content in mismatches are

 15:35 <cpaelzer> a) gnome-control-center -> power-profiles-daemon

 15:36 <cpaelzer> that sounds desktoppy - any opinion didrocks ?

 15:36 <didrocks> I can handle it, I did the NEW review already with MIR review mind

 15:36 <didrocks> I’ll ask seb to file it

 15:36 <cpaelzer> and b) libnotify (which according to http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/m-r-package-team-mapping.html also is desktop)

 15:36 <doko> o/

 15:36 <cpaelzer> which depends on mor

 15:37 <cpaelzer> -> sugar -> sugar-toolkit-gtk3 and python-gwebsockets

 15:37 <cpaelzer> websockets sounds like an intense security review ...

 15:37 <doko> it's just a recommends

 15:37 <cpaelzer> didrocks: would you mind carrying that to the team for evaluation as well?

 15:37 <didrocks> (actually, forgot we did the MIR already, just seb didn’t subcribe us)

 15:37 <didrocks> I’ll look at it, but yeah, sounds big

 15:38 <cpaelzer> doko: which of the cases did you mean for "only a recommends" ?

 15:38 <cpaelzer> and still it needs to be sorted out, but it might be one of the simple "demote to suggests" cases

 15:38 <didrocks> yep, hoping that will work out functionally

 15:38 <cpaelzer> looking at the same in propoposed

 15:38 <cpaelzer> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg

 15:39 <cpaelzer> it is 3 weeks with abseil in this state now

 15:39 <cpaelzer> do we need to do anything about https://bugs.debian.org/cgi-bin/bugreport.cgi?bug=981269 ?

 15:39 <ubottu> Debian bug 981269 in mozc "Use the shared abseil library which isn't ABI stable" [Normal,Open]

 15:40 <cpaelzer> for libbsd -> libmd - this one is on security atm. I know @sarnold you must be rather busy, but I guess libbsd is non debatable

 15:40 <didrocks> I asked multiple times about it and seb is tracking it, I think we let him proposing what to do

 15:40 <cpaelzer> therefore is there someone assigned to libmd from seucrity already ?

 15:40 <cpaelzer> ok didrocks for abseil

 15:41 <sarnold> cpaelzer: no, no one's assigned to review libmd, afaik we haven't discussed it further since you raised it recently

 15:42 <cpaelzer> IMHO @sarnold if you tihnk you can't make it happen you need to raise it with mclemenceau for emergency alternatives

 15:42 <cpaelzer> I'll leave it with you sarnold (not to do it, but to sort out an assignment and ETA to let mclemenceau know then) - ok ?

 15:43 <mclemenceau> thanks cpaelzer

 15:43 <sarnold> cpaelzer: ack, thanks

 15:44 <doko> cpaelzer, didrocks: libnotify recommends sugar

 15:44 <cpaelzer> thanks doko

 15:44 <cpaelzer> the last one I see here is https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/libdeflate/+bug/1908502

 15:44 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1908502 in libdeflate (Ubuntu Hirsute) "[MIR] libdeflate" [Undecided,In progress]

 15:44 <cpaelzer> that seemed mostly ready and is in the hands of  seb128 and didrocks

 15:45 <cpaelzer> I expect this is gone from mismatches next week didrocks, do you agree ?

 15:45 <didrocks> doko: merge error apparently, will be fixed

 15:45 <cpaelzer> thanks

 15:45 <cpaelzer> ok, nothing else in mismatches AFAICS

 15:45 <cpaelzer> #topic New MIRs

 15:45 <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=NEW&assignee_option=none&field.assignee=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 15:46 <doko> didrocks: yeah, I can understand that you don't want to have a delta. but keeping that in the current state in -proposed isn't helpful either

 15:46 <didrocks> cpaelzer: well, I can ask again

 15:46 <sarnold> ah, xnox just fiddled with the settings on nftables, no actual state change there

 15:46 <didrocks> doko: can you tell that to the uploader and not me?

 15:47 <cpaelzer> yeah sarnold, but we still need to make suerr in whicih field the ball is atm

 15:47 <didrocks> seems like all actions I have here are pending on other individual and not me, while I got asked for it…

 15:47 <cpaelzer> sarnold: on https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/nftables/+bug/1887187

 15:47 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1887187 in nftables (Ubuntu) "[MIR] nftables" [Critical,New]

 15:48 <cpaelzer> let me try to summarize

 15:48 <cpaelzer> 1. opened by rbalint

 15:48 <doko> didrocks: so that would be gunnarhj? is he community?

 15:48 <didrocks> doko: he is

 15:48 <cpaelzer> 2. but then punted to security to complete/drive this (the filing not the review)

 15:48 <cpaelzer> => https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/nftables/+bug/1887187/comments/4

 15:49 <cpaelzer> 3. to reflect that we have assigned it to you in https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/nftables/+bug/1887187/comments/8

 15:49 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1887187 in nftables (Ubuntu) "[MIR] nftables" [Critical,New]

 15:49 <cpaelzer> and now xnox fail-read this as waiting for review and did https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/nftables/+bug/1887187/comments/9

 15:49 <doko> didrocks: I can, but anybody else can do as well ;p

 15:49 <cpaelzer> but it wasn't waiting for review, it was waiting for https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/nftables/+bug/1887187/comments/4 to happe

 15:49 <didrocks> doko: I told this is a merge error and we will handle it

 15:50 <doko> ok, thanks

 15:50 <cpaelzer> doko:  didrocks: thanks for sorting out that other case in parallel - It seems this will go fine and all is clear

 15:50 <cpaelzer> sarnold: are you (or any other security member) follow up on https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/nftables/+bug/1887187/comments/4

 15:50 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1887187 in nftables (Ubuntu) "[MIR] nftables" [Critical,New]

 15:50 <cpaelzer> to quote "... I think the MIR preparations will be done by the Security Team, who will own nftables itself, too."

 15:51 <sarnold> cpaelzer: I can re-raise it at our next team meeting, but given $everything I can't imagine it'll be a priority for the team to push on this

 15:51 <seb128> @deflate, I forwarded the comments to Debian, I'm unsure those issues should block the MIR, one is about a patch description being inacurrate, the other one about optimisation profile warnings that don't seem to have an impact

 15:52 <cpaelzer> ok sarnold, I'll update the bug accordingly and re-assign it to you for doing that

 15:52 <sarnold> cpaelzer: cool, thanks

 15:53 <cpaelzer> that should do it https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/nftables/+bug/1887187/comments/10

 15:53 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1887187 in nftables (Ubuntu) "[MIR] nftables" [Critical,New]

 15:53 <cpaelzer> #topic Incomplete bugs / questions

 15:53 <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 15:53 <cpaelzer> obviously https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/needrestart/+bug/1907422

 15:53 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1907422 in needrestart (Ubuntu) "[MIR] needrestart + dependencies" [Undecided,Incomplete]

 15:53 <cpaelzer> we had plenty of MIR members doing reviews

 15:54 <cpaelzer> all of them LGTM, doko also found a great "why don't you use ..." and also got it answered by now

 15:54 <cpaelzer> the one task remaining is  needrestart itslef atm being sorted out between ddstreet (reviewer) and sil2100 (to implement what was requested)

 15:55 <cpaelzer> I think that state is good for now and we can't do more atm

 15:55 <cpaelzer> thanks to all of you did your reviews!

 15:55 <cpaelzer> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/libayatana-appindicator/+bug/1915695 is incompleted and sorted out between didrocks and seb128 which is ok (no current todo for us)

 15:55 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1915695 in libayatana-appindicator (Ubuntu) "[MIR] libayatana-appindicator" [Undecided,Incomplete]

 15:55 <cpaelzer> abseil we mentioned already

 15:56 <sarnold> heh "it's a very specific fruitcake"

 15:56 <cpaelzer> hehe

 15:56 <cpaelzer> the last recent/interesing one is https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/libftdi/+bug/1912371

 15:56 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1912371 in libftdi (Ubuntu) "[MIR] flashrom + libftdi" [Undecided,Incomplete]

 15:56 <cpaelzer> doko: this went back to mclemenceau to opt-in to drive this further (or reject)

 15:57 <cpaelzer> could you ask him next time you speak with him so that it doesn't stay stuck in this state?

 15:57 <doko> ok, I'll chase that down

 15:57 <cpaelzer> thanks

 15:57 <cpaelzer> #topic Any other business?

 15:57 <cpaelzer> what did I miss ?

 15:57 <cpaelzer> ... nothing from me

 15:58 <didrocks> on libdeflate: the last blocker is the weird patch description, but what concerns me more is reflected by seb128 with what was raised in the debian bug report: "Removing the patch the package still builds fine, is the change still needed? What problem does it resolve exactly?", like we have a patch workarounding a failing test and we don’t have any idea if this is a valid case or not…

 15:58 <didrocks> That doesn’t sound confortable to maintain? But happy to set a ACK if this is fine to live with it for seb128

 15:58 <seb128> well, either we keep in sync with that one test disabled

 15:58 <seb128> or we add a delta to re-enable the patch

 15:58 <seb128> whatever MIR team decide is fine with me

 15:58 <didrocks> it’s up to you, but we all know that if we don’t investigate now, that will not happen post-MIR

 15:59 <seb128> I prefer to be in sync if possible and the Debian maintainer doesn't reply

 15:59 <cpaelzer> ^^ ack to didrocks

 15:59 <seb128> we can add the delta for now if that's the ask

 15:59 <cpaelzer> yeah that would be nice seb128

 15:59 <seb128> alright

 15:59 <seb128> let me upload in a bit

 15:59 <cpaelzer> that should be all then for today ... ?

 15:59 <didrocks> sounds like it’s enough already :)

 16:00 <cpaelzer> oh yeah :-)

 16:00 <cpaelzer> see you all next week

 16:00 <cpaelzer> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)