== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team meeting, started by bdmurray, 22 Jul at 15:01 &mdash; 15:27 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://new.ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2021/ubuntu-meeting.2021-07-22-15.01.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning Round ===

Discussion started by bdmurray at 15:02.

 * ''LINK:'' https://pad.lv/ppa/slyon/iwd+nm, needs discourse announcement  (slyon, 15:02)

=== Release Incoming Bugs ===

Discussion started by bdmurray at 15:11.

 * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ii-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs   (bdmurray, 15:11)
 * ''LINK:'' https://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-hh-incoming-bug-tasks.html   (bdmurray, 15:18)
 * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ff-incoming-bug-tasks.html   (bdmurray, 15:18)

=== Team proposed-migration report ===

Discussion started by bdmurray at 15:18.

 * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs   (bdmurray, 15:18)

=== AOB ===

Discussion started by bdmurray at 15:24.




== People present (lines said) ==

 * bdmurray (52)
 * sil2100 (30)
 * ubottu (18)
 * slyon (17)
 * juliank (12)
 * dbungert (12)
 * schopin (11)
 * waveform_ (8)
 * jawn-smith (8)
 * ginggs (8)
 * meetingology (2)
 * vorlon (1)



== Full log ==


 15:01 <bdmurray> #startmeeting Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team

 15:01 <meetingology> Meeting started at 15:01:42 UTC.  The chair is bdmurray.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 15:01 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 15:02 <bdmurray> #topic Lightning Round

 15:02 <juliank> o/

 15:02 <bdmurray> echo $(shuf -e vorlon bdmurray doko sil2100 mwhudson juliank waveform slyon jawn-smith dbungert xypron ginggs schopin)

 15:02 <bdmurray> mwhudson slyon bdmurray sil2100 xypron schopin doko waveform jawn-smith vorlon ginggs dbungert juliank

 15:02 <slyon> - Interviews & Take-home tests

 15:02 <slyon> - Town Hall & some roadmap sessions

 15:02 <slyon> - Prepared PPA for iwd 1.15 + Networkmanager 1.32 testing

 15:02 <slyon> https://pad.lv/ppa/slyon/iwd+nm, needs discourse announcement

 15:02 <slyon> - Manual testing of systemd cgroup v2 functionality

 15:02 <slyon> - Backported & staged a systemd SRU, bug #1934221

 15:02 <slyon> - Uploaded a IBM zhmcclient SRU, bug #1919451

 15:02 <ubottu> Bug 1934221 in systemd (Ubuntu Hirsute) "systemd-resolve segfault" [Undecided, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1934221

 15:02 <ubottu> Bug 1919451 in zhmcclient (Ubuntu Focal) "Update (python-)zhmcclient to latest release" [Undecided, In Progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1919451

 15:02 <slyon> - some discussions around network-online.target

 15:02 <slyon> === Netplan ===

 15:02 <slyon> - making tests (much) faster & run inside containers

 15:02 <slyon> * i.e. armhf & debci autopkgtests, bug #1922126

 15:02 <slyon> - staged some packaging changes

 15:02 <slyon> - Reviewed & merged several routing PRs for schopin, PR#219, PR#220

 15:02 <slyon> (done)

 15:02 <ubottu> Bug 1922126 in netplan.io (Ubuntu) "autopkgtest fails in hirsute on some architectrures" [Undecided, Fix Released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1922126

 15:03 <bdmurray> worked on running bionic version of the Error Tracker in PS5

 15:03 <bdmurray> got updated Intel IoT images signed and updated PR for models

 15:03 <bdmurray> submitted livecd-rootfs changes for intel-iot models

 15:03 <bdmurray> uploaded update-manager for Impish with import fixes

 15:03 <bdmurray> investigation into UC20 storage-safety and encryption

 15:03 <bdmurray> reported LP: #1936702, LP: #1936698

 15:03 <bdmurray> uploaded ubuntu-release-upgrader to impish fixing LP: #1936698

 15:03 <bdmurray> asked for RISC-V builds for the daisy-seeds PPA

 15:03 <bdmurray> special SRU reviews - broadcom-sta, rtl8812au

 15:03 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1936702 in ubuntu-advantage-tools (Ubuntu) "patch_status_json.py crashed with KeyError in patch_status_json_schema_0_1(): 'configStatus'" [Medium, Fix Released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1936702

 15:03 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1936698 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu Hirsute) "check-new-release-gtk crashed with ValueError in require_version(): Namespace Gtk is already loaded with version 4.0" [Undecided, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1936698

 15:03 <bdmurray> âœ” done

 15:03 <sil2100> - SRU reviews and releases

 15:03 <sil2100> - Interviews and test grading

 15:03 <sil2100> - Townhall

 15:03 <sil2100> - 20.04.3 status meeting - various discussions

 15:03 <sil2100> - ESM britney:

 15:03 <sil2100> * Prepared live demonstration for the security team

 15:03 <sil2100> * Got an internal domain up and running

 15:03 <sil2100> * Started cleanup

 15:03 <sil2100> * Some clean up in the charm - still in progress

 15:03 <sil2100> * Work on getting the retries in shape

 15:03 <sil2100> - Intestigated why the bot canonistack instance was down

 15:03 <sil2100> * Wasted a few hours there, couldn't get old volumes destroyed and new spun up

 15:03 <sil2100> * Apparently there was some outage, so for now stopped working on that

 15:03 <sil2100> - Helped with some model assertion signing

 15:03 <sil2100> - Noticed the core builder job hung again, decided to add build-timeout to the jenkins job

 15:04 <sil2100> * This is now approved for devel, soon to be merged and then backported to the xenial instance

 15:04 <sil2100> - Started phasing new core20 release

 15:04 <sil2100> - Read and commented on an in-progress improvement to kernel SRU handling (by Andy)

 15:04 <sil2100> - Thinking about our automation improvements

 15:04 <sil2100> - cdimage simplestreams:

 15:04 <sil2100> * Got a review of the spec, will iterate a bit

 15:04 <sil2100> * Digging into the actual tooling, writing to some people about signing mechanics

 15:04 <sil2100> * Experiments with simplestreams generation

 15:04 <sil2100> * Slowly started writing some code, not much yet though

 15:04 <sil2100> - 20.10 EOL:

 15:04 <sil2100> * Sent e-mail to release team members

 15:04 <sil2100> * Created tracking document

 15:04 <sil2100> (done)

 15:04 <bdmurray> xypron:

 15:05 <bdmurray> ah, he's in a meeting

 15:05 <bdmurray> schopin:

 15:05 <schopin> * Townhall, security training

 15:05 <schopin> * systemd: prepared backport of a patch to enable DHCP-mode for hipersocket interface in network (LP #1914740)

 15:05 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1914740 in systemd (Ubuntu Impish) "IPs are not assigned for Hipersockets in DHCP mode" [High, In Progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1914740

 15:05 <schopin> * openssl:

 15:05 <schopin> + Finished the openssl3 PPA, now in review

 15:05 <schopin> + Looked into backporting s390x AES bugfix into stable releases (LP #1931994)

 15:06 <schopin> * netplan:

 15:06 <schopin> + started reworking gateway consolidation after vorlon's feedback and slyon's reviewed proposal (PR#216, WIP)

 15:06 <schopin> + fixed some dangling pointer issues in route parsing

 15:06 <schopin> (done)

 15:06 <bdmurray> doko is out

 15:06 <bdmurray> waveform_:

 15:07 <waveform_> * More testing focal .3 daily images

 15:07 <waveform_> * Working on ubuntu-release-upgrader quirk for migration away from u-boot (LP: #1936401)

 15:07 <waveform_> * Finished pibootctl upgrades required to support this ^^

 15:07 <waveform_> * Reviewed xnox's u-boot merge from experimental for risc-v boot support (related to LP: #1936370)

 15:07 <waveform_> * Tested latest upstream userland under arm64 (removes all the MMAL stuff as warned, still mulling over whether this is worth merging)

 15:07 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1936401 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu) "Migrate Pi users away from u-boot in impish" [Undecided, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1936401

 15:07 <waveform_> * Pi meetings

 15:07 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1936370 in u-boot (Ubuntu Focal) "u-boot-sifive does not upgrade u-boot on disk" [Critical, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1936370

 15:07 <waveform_> * Take home tests

 15:07 <waveform_> (done)

 15:07 <jawn-smith> * LP: #1927078 SRU verification

 15:07 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1927078 in shadow (Ubuntu Hirsute) "Don't allow useradd to use fully numeric names" [Low, Fix Committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1927078

 15:07 <jawn-smith> * Re-write ubuntu-image in go:

 15:07 <jawn-smith> * All tests fixed, new tests added

 15:07 <jawn-smith> * Back to 100% code coverage with new modular state machine design

 15:07 <jawn-smith> * Refactored the commands package as the original design didn't fit the way the new state machine was implemented * Testing u-boot in focal-proposed on every Raspberry Pi model

 15:07 <jawn-smith> * Thanks sil2100 for setting up daily Unmatched focal images. Did some testing on qemu and hardware

 15:07 <jawn-smith> [done]

 15:07 <vorlon> sprinting today, nothing to report

 15:07 <bdmurray> ginggs:

 15:08 <ginggs> This week was my first week on +1

 15:08 <ginggs> I got the following packages migrated:

 15:08 <ginggs> polymake, libsass, micropython (found jawn-smith's patch in the bug, reviewed and sponsored)

 15:08 <ginggs> varnish and varnish-modules

 15:08 <ginggs> opened MRs against hints-ubuntu for: moment-timezone.js, vagrant-bindfs and angelscript

 15:08 <ginggs> filed RM bugs for: stylish-haskell and qemu-web-desktop

 15:08 <ginggs> did some digging on the failing autopkgtests triggered by ncbi-blast+, but so far no joy

 15:08 <ginggs> [done]

 15:08 <dbungert> (4 day week)

 15:08 <dbungert> * LP: #1936310 - fixed, merged to subiquity/u-d-i

 15:08 <dbungert> * ubuntu-desktop-installer / subiquity - debug issue with locale not being set

 15:08 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1936310 in subiquity "Running subiquity server in dry run mode modifies the host system's timezone" [Undecided, Fix Committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1936310

 15:08 <dbungert> - opened bug on u-d-i with recommendation on new format to set locale

 15:08 <dbungert> * casper vs linux-meta - linux-meta unblocked by retest on casper.

 15:08 <dbungert> Investigated the flaky test and think a user may be able to hit it.  Will

 15:08 <dbungert> continue research.

 15:08 <dbungert> * subiquity / bitlocker detection - sprinkling fixes across subiquity / curtin

 15:08 <dbungert> / probert to detect bitlocker partitions, be able to label them, and leave

 15:08 <dbungert> them alone

 15:08 <dbungert> (done)

 15:09 <bdmurray> juliank:

 15:09 <juliank> * uploaded shim 15.4-0ubuntu7 SRUs, currently waiting for bugs to be verified (will verify remaining ones once next week)

 15:09 <juliank> * shim 15.5 patch queue communication with pjones

 15:09 <juliank> * sponsored fwupd and fwupd-signed for focal (LP: #1921539) (LP: #1934209)

 15:09 <juliank> * sponsored libjcat SRU for focal (LP: #1920724)

 15:09 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1921539 in OEM Priority Project "Add support for SBAT" [High, In Progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1921539

 15:09 <juliank> * take home test reviews

 15:09 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1934209 in OEM Priority Project "Dell dock USB4 module need fwupd 1.5.11" [Critical, In Progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1934209

 15:09 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1920724 in OEM Priority Project "Upgrade focal/libjcat to version 0.1.3-2 and MIR it" [Critical, In Progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1920724

 15:09 <juliank> * working out the bugs in my apt retry back-off code

 15:09 <juliank> * testing canary desktop image w/ new installer (http://cdimage.ubuntu.com/daily-canary/current/), yesterday's supposedly works better

 15:09 <juliank> (done)

 15:10 <bdmurray> any questions on status?

 15:11 <bdmurray> okay, moving on

 15:11 <bdmurray> #topic Release Incoming Bugs

 15:11 <bdmurray> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ii-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 15:11 <bdmurray> too many!

 15:11 <bdmurray> bug 1936710

 15:12 <ubottu> Bug 1936710 in glibc (Ubuntu) "malloc() unaligned tcache chunk detected" [High, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1936710

 15:12 <bdmurray> lets ask the reporter for more details next week

 15:13 <bdmurray> the same with bug 1936715

 15:13 <ubottu> Bug 1936715 in cross-toolchain-base (Ubuntu) "cross building glibc for powerpc and s390x produces empty libc6-dbg package" [High, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1936715

 15:13 <bdmurray> however, let's target and card bug 1936723

 15:13 <ubottu> Bug 1936723 in glibc (Ubuntu) "glibc regressions on riscv64" [High, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1936723

 15:14 <sil2100> +1

 15:14 <bdmurray> then bug 1936715 - any opinions there?

 15:14 <ubottu> Bug 1936715 in cross-toolchain-base (Ubuntu) "cross building glibc for powerpc and s390x produces empty libc6-dbg package" [High, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1936715

 15:14 <bdmurray> seems like we should target and card that too

 15:15 <bdmurray> bug 1936948

 15:15 <ubottu> Bug 1936948 in dbus (Ubuntu) "Dependency loop via sockets.target" [Undecided, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1936948

 15:15 <slyon> I found that while investigating a different dbus issue. Should be an easy fix, but not high priority. We should card it IMO

 15:17 <bdmurray> Okay, let's card that and get it towards the top of the back log.

 15:18 <bdmurray> #link https://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-hh-incoming-bug-tasks.html

 15:18 <bdmurray> nothing there

 15:18 <bdmurray> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ff-incoming-bug-tasks.html

 15:18 <bdmurray> nothing there

 15:18 <bdmurray> #topic Team proposed-migration report

 15:18 <bdmurray> #link http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs

 15:19 <bdmurray> Let's hand out these glibc ones with an eye to seeing if the tests are flakey and getting them retried

 15:20 <bdmurray> I'll take breezy

 15:20 <bdmurray> debsig-verify for jawn-smith

 15:20 <bdmurray> evdi for dbungert

 15:20 <jawn-smith> ack

 15:20 <dbungert> ack

 15:21 <bdmurray> mir for schopin

 15:21 <bdmurray> rust-sniffglue for slyon

 15:21 <schopin> wouldn't I need uploader permissions for that ?

 15:22 <slyon> ack

 15:22 <bdmurray> ginggs: xmltooling

 15:22 <schopin> ack

 15:22 <bdmurray> slyon: are you already looking at netplan.io?

 15:23 <slyon> yes

 15:24 <bdmurray> #topic AOB

 15:25 <bdmurray> Today is Groovy EoL day

 15:25 <sil2100> \o/

 15:25 <juliank> hooray

 15:25 <bdmurray> be sure to raise a glass for that groovy gorilla

 15:25 <juliank> ðŸŽ‰

 15:25 <juliank> ðŸ¥³

 15:27 <bdmurray> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)