== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status meeting, started by cpaelzer, 16 Feb at 15:29 &mdash; 16:01 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://new.ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2021/ubuntu-meeting.2021-02-16-15.29.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== Review of previous action items ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 15:32.


=== current component mismatches ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 15:36.

 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg   (cpaelzer, 15:36)
 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg   (cpaelzer, 15:37)

=== New MIRs ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 15:45.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=NEW&assignee_option=none&field.assignee=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (cpaelzer, 15:45)
 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/debootstrap/+bug/1906671   (cpaelzer, 15:52)
 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/kdump-tools/+bug/1915071   (cpaelzer, 15:54)

=== Incomplete bugs / questions ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 15:56.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (cpaelzer, 15:56)

=== Any other business? ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 15:57.




== People present (lines said) ==

 * cpaelzer (92)
 * didrocks (20)
 * ubottu (6)
 * meetingology (2)
 * didrocks999 (1)
 * doko (1)



== Full log ==


 15:29 <cpaelzer> #startmeeting Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status

 15:29 <meetingology> Meeting started at 15:29:54 UTC.  The chair is cpaelzer.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 15:29 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 15:30 <cpaelzer> jamespage: ddstreet: doko: sarnold: didrocks999: ping

 15:30 <didrocks999> hey

 15:32 <cpaelzer> jamespage: ddstreet: doko: sarnold: re-ping

 15:32 <cpaelzer> getting started slowly

 15:32 <cpaelzer> #topic Review of previous action items

 15:32 <cpaelzer> none bug bug assignments

 15:32 <cpaelzer> I've have done mine

 15:33 <cpaelzer> I think I have seen didrocks completing his - is that correct?

 15:33 <cpaelzer> the other two I remember is ddstreet (not sure which one without checking) and doko rpi-userspace I think

 15:33 <didrocks> yes, mines are done

 15:34 <cpaelzer> doko: I still see nothing on https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/raspberrypi-userland/+bug/1895137

 15:34 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1895137 in rpi-eeprom (Ubuntu) "[MIR] rpi-eeprom; raspberrypi-userland" [Undecided,In progress]

 15:34 <cpaelzer> waveform: ^^ is this team internally agreed to be postponed or is doko jsut too busy with too many things in this part of the cycle?

 15:34 <doko> sorry, delayed, having some glibc/fakeroot/glibc fun

 15:34 <cpaelzer> glibc+fun = no-fun usually

 15:34 <cpaelzer> try to answer if you can doko, otherwise we understand

 15:36 <cpaelzer> going on here withotu going deeper, just keep in mind that at som point we need to do the assigned tasks

 15:36 <cpaelzer> recently the external view on the MIR process got better due to our agility

 15:36 <cpaelzer> we should not loose that :-)

 15:36 <cpaelzer> #topic current component mismatches

 15:36 <cpaelzer> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg

 15:36 <cpaelzer> only known cases in there

 15:37 <cpaelzer> I've seen updates on the bug for needrestart by sil2100

 15:37 <cpaelzer> but they are not ready yet

 15:37 <cpaelzer> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg

 15:38 <cpaelzer> abseil was done by didrocks and is back on seb128 atm

 15:38 <didrocks> yes

 15:38 <cpaelzer> what else is new there

 15:38 <cpaelzer> libinih seems ready

 15:39 <didrocks> just needs a dep, should be "soon" from what I was told

 15:39 <cpaelzer> didrocks: you mean libinih ?

 15:39 <didrocks> yes

 15:39 <cpaelzer> or abseil

 15:39 <didrocks> libinih

 15:39 <cpaelzer> ;-)

 15:40 <cpaelzer> ok you seem to be on that and can AA_promote it once it is ready

 15:40 <didrocks> indeed

 15:40 <cpaelzer> the rest is mostly known cases or things that intentionally will hang until next cycle

 15:40 * cpaelzer needs to re-cache the last state on libdeflate and libmd

 15:40 <cpaelzer> and iniparser

 15:41 <cpaelzer> ah https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/iniparser/+bug/1913321 was the assignment of ddstreet

 15:41 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1913321 in mtd-utils (Ubuntu Hirsute) "[MIR] iniparser (dependency of mtd-utils)" [Undecided,New]

 15:41 <cpaelzer> ddstreet: any chance to get this doen this week ?

 15:42 <cpaelzer> didrocks: the following one seems to work well between you and seb https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/libdeflate/+bug/1908502

 15:42 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1908502 in libdeflate (Ubuntu Hirsute) "[MIR] libdeflate" [Undecided,New]

 15:42 <cpaelzer> didrocks: it seems to wait for some actions that you identified on the review

 15:42 <cpaelzer> didrocks: should it maybe set to assigned to someone that is supposed to do them

 15:42 <didrocks> yes, I’m folllowing up on that one once the actions from seb are done

 15:42 <cpaelzer> and incomplete to reflect it

 15:43 <cpaelzer> ok thanks - I'll consider deflate to be handled by you for now

 15:43 <didrocks> ah, didn’t notice seb unsassigned himself

 15:43 <cpaelzer> I updated the bug

 15:43 <didrocks> will check with him back

 15:43 <didrocks> thx

 15:43 <cpaelzer> ok and libmd is ready for review

 15:43 <cpaelzer> we will get to that later when we assign everything in the queue

 15:44 <cpaelzer> anything else in propsoe you want to talk about?

 15:44 <didrocks> nothing from me at least

 15:44 <cpaelzer> ddstreet: and for you - pleae feel free to answre later. Or if not just try to squeeze the review in :-)

 15:44 <cpaelzer> sarnold: ping

 15:45 <cpaelzer> I think I forgot you above

 15:45 <cpaelzer> sorry

 15:45 <cpaelzer> #topic New MIRs

 15:45 <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=NEW&assignee_option=none&field.assignee=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 15:45 <cpaelzer> so today we have a pretty full queue

 15:45 <cpaelzer> and at the same time we have ddstreet and doko with old review assignment that are yet to be completed

 15:47 <cpaelzer> mtd-utils is a false positive int his list

 15:47 <cpaelzer> I've fixed this

 15:48 <cpaelzer> we have still plenty of cases to assign

 15:49 <cpaelzer> let me start with good example

 15:49 <cpaelzer> libmd is needed and I'm willing to pick this one

 15:49 <cpaelzer> assignming myself

 15:49 <didrocks> so, the *ayatana* ones (3 of them) should be in my set. Those are low priorities it seems (and probably won’t get transitioned this cycled). I feel a little bit ill at ease to review them, as I was part of the intial development team (before the community forked due to CLA)

 15:49 <cpaelzer> so you are torn didrocks I understand

 15:50 <cpaelzer> didrocks: would you prefer someone else reviewing those and you taking something else?

 15:50 <didrocks> I think I can review them, knowing that the main base code was already in main, so maybe that makes the conflict a little bit less

 15:50 <cpaelzer> I've worked on python-azure things before so python-aws feeld natural for me - I'm taking that one as well

 15:50 <cpaelzer> didrocks:  ok that makes sense

 15:51 <didrocks> and focus more on the packaging/changes from our original version in main

 15:51 <cpaelzer> assigning hose *aya* to you then

 15:51 <didrocks> ack

 15:52 <cpaelzer> ok 3 for you (but related) and two for me

 15:52 <cpaelzer> I gues swe are full

 15:52 <cpaelzer> we have left usrmerge and kdump-tools

 15:52 <cpaelzer> on usrmerge reading the case I'm unsure if this really needs further reviews - does anyone know the case ?

 15:52 <cpaelzer> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/debootstrap/+bug/1906671

 15:52 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1906671 in ubuntu-meta (Ubuntu) "[MIR] usrmerge" [Undecided,New]

 15:53 <didrocks> agreed, was already promoted

 15:53 <cpaelzer> it seems it just got extra tasks

 15:53 <cpaelzer> and MIR-Team still is subscribed

 15:53 <didrocks> and debootstrap should be trivial and no impact on user directly, no?

 15:53 <cpaelzer> I'll drop the subscription and update the bug

 15:53 <didrocks> sounds good

 15:54 <cpaelzer> done

 15:54 <cpaelzer> finally kdump-tools

 15:54 <cpaelzer> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/kdump-tools/+bug/1915071

 15:54 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1915071 in kdump-tools (Ubuntu) "[MIR] kdump-tools" [Undecided,New]

 15:55 <cpaelzer> ok that is a trivial case it seems

 15:55 <cpaelzer> for the sake of ddstreet and doko still blocked on their old assignments I'm willing to take this one

 15:55 <cpaelzer> but please try to get every assigned review doen until end of this week

 15:55 <cpaelzer> FF is close and everyone wants to get things sorted out

 15:56 <cpaelzer> #topic Incomplete bugs / questions

 15:56 <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 15:56 <cpaelzer> all recent bumps in this list were mentioned before

 15:57 <cpaelzer> except for one https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/libftdi/+bug/1912371

 15:57 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1912371 in libftdi (Ubuntu) "[MIR] flashrom + libftdi" [Undecided,Incomplete]

 15:57 <cpaelzer> this one is on mclemenceau to decide to own it (or not)

 15:57 <cpaelzer> #topic Any other business?

 15:57 <cpaelzer> I know how things feel, always so much to do and then these reviews

 15:58 <cpaelzer> but really if you don't find the time speak to your manager to give you the time (or extra people to join the team to further spread the load)

 15:58 <cpaelzer> I hve no real topic to talk about left ... :-)

 15:58 <didrocks> for people backlogging: can you read/answer to the team subscription timing (before or after the MIR ack) please? I would like to close this topic (either by +1 or -1) but not having the thing half-accepted/removed?

 15:59 <cpaelzer> indeed

 16:00 <cpaelzer> everone just reply to that email thread

 16:00 <cpaelzer> didrocks: you could also bump the thread with a reply-all-ping on the mail

 16:00 <didrocks> will do

 16:00 <cpaelzer> ok time to close this

 16:01 <cpaelzer> thanks everyone!

 16:01 <cpaelzer> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)