== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team meeting, started by bdmurray, 17 Jun at 15:01 &mdash; 15:31 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://new.ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2021/ubuntu-meeting.2021-06-17-15.01.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning Round ===

Discussion started by bdmurray at 15:01.


=== Release Incoming Bugs ===

Discussion started by bdmurray at 15:08.

 * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ii-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs   (bdmurray, 15:08)
 * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-hh-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs   (bdmurray, 15:14)
 * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ff-incoming-bug-tasks.html   (bdmurray, 15:15)

=== Team proposed-migration report ===

Discussion started by bdmurray at 15:16.

 * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs   (bdmurray, 15:16)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * bdmurray (55)
 * sil2100 (27)
 * slyon (25)
 * jawn-smith (15)
 * waveform (13)
 * ubottu (13)
 * dbungert (13)
 * juliank (10)
 * meetingology (2)
 * mclemenceau (1)
 * pleia2 (1)



== Full log ==


 15:01 <bdmurray> #startmeeting Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team

 15:01 <meetingology> Meeting started at 15:01:27 UTC.  The chair is bdmurray.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 15:01 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 15:01 <slyon> o/

 15:01 <bdmurray> #topic Lightning Round

 15:01 <bdmurray> echo $(shuf -e vorlon bdmurray doko sil2100 mwhudson juliank waveform slyon jawn-smith dbungert)

 15:02 <juliank> o/

 15:02 <bdmurray> juliank doko waveform mwhudson dbungert sil2100 jawnsmith bdmurray slyon vorlon

 15:02 <bdmurray> juliank: just in time!

 15:02 <juliank> * apt:

 15:02 <juliank> - uploaded SRUs for all series, hooray

 15:02 <juliank> * shim:

 15:02 <juliank> - rebuilt in hirsute and resubmitted for review. impish toolchain moves too fast to stay reproducible :)

 15:02 <juliank> - shim was accepted, so submitted RT ticket to submit to MS.

 15:02 <juliank> * organizing and cleaning up specs for apt network resilience and autopkgtest cloud improvements a bit

 15:02 <juliank> * figuring out with/from xnox where we are at wrt zstd by default

 15:02 <juliank> (done)

 15:03 <bdmurray> doko is out

 15:03 <bdmurray> waveform:

 15:03 <waveform> * Wrote Sense HAT spec

 15:03 <waveform> * Worked on sqlite3 migration (LP: #1931881; supysonic requires a retry)

 15:03 <waveform> * Investigated -proposed block on rpi-eeprom (LP: #1931552); may remove linux-firmware-raspi2 dep to unblock (though this has issues for focal SRU)

 15:03 <waveform> * Worked on testing fix for USB failure on Pi (LP: #1930629); possible issue remaining on USB2, but USB3 seems fine

 15:03 <waveform> * Worked on Firefox on pi video issue (LP: #1930982 and duplicates) until desktop team found upstream issue

 15:03 <waveform> * Posted RFS for colorzero to debian-python, prepped RFS' for lg-gpio and gpiozero

 15:03 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1931881 in lto-disabled-list (Ubuntu) "Change golang-github-mattn-go-sqlite3 to any arch" [Undecided, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1931881

 15:03 <waveform> * Working on Sense HAT packages for debian-python

 15:03 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1931552 in rpi-eeprom (Ubuntu Impish) "Please merge rpi-eeprom 12.4 from RaspiOS main" [Undecided, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1931552

 15:03 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1930629 in linux-raspi (Ubuntu Focal) "Raspberry pi 4 USB controller randomly crashes" [Undecided, Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1930629

 15:03 <waveform> * Pi meetings

 15:03 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1930982 in firefox (Ubuntu) "Firefox 89: webrender breaks videos on Raspberry Pi" [High, Fix Released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1930982

 15:03 <waveform> (done)

 15:03 <dbungert> * Subiquity - help test for stable build - wifi, my own features, investigated

 15:03 <dbungert> a problem with updates that turned out to be a non-problem but got a refactor

 15:03 <dbungert> PR out of it

 15:03 <dbungert> * Subiquity Set Timezone - asyncio usage improvement merged, PR ready on actual

 15:03 <dbungert> timezone API pending for after stable build

 15:03 <dbungert> * Subiquity - help investigate test-in-lxd on hirsute

 15:03 <dbungert> * LP: #1821412 - reopen investigation - there is an Xorg and Wayland version of

 15:03 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1821412 in update-notifier (Ubuntu) "'System program problem' report button does nothing" [High, Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1821412

 15:03 <dbungert> this.  Xorg first - system-crash.c report button fails to work when it's

 15:03 <dbungert> invoked one way, and will work when invoked another.  Analyzing differences.

 15:03 <dbungert> (done)

 15:03 <sil2100> - SRU reviews and releases

 15:03 <sil2100> * Also worked a bit on some toolchain updates from Matthias

 15:03 <sil2100> - NEW reviews

 15:03 <sil2100> * ...part of it being helping the HWE team with some limerick packages and SRUs

 15:03 <sil2100> - DMB meeting (quick one)

 15:03 <sil2100> - HWE sync

 15:03 <sil2100> - ESM britney:

 15:04 <sil2100> * Oh no, X-Auth-Token is not the way to go, so reverted back to using swiftclient

 15:04 <sil2100> * Added charm bits to the swiftclient autopkgtest-cloud implementation

 15:04 <sil2100> * Did the same switch back to swiftclient in the britney branch

 15:04 <sil2100> * Discussed further steps, required swift user now created by IS

 15:04 <sil2100> - Looking into remaining systemd ADT issues in the SRUs, hinted those

 15:04 <sil2100> - Prepared PR for modifying netplan to add RequiredForOnline=no for activation-mode

 15:04 <sil2100> * Now merged thanks to Lukas!

 15:04 <sil2100> - Lots of Ubuntu Core discussions

 15:04 <sil2100> - DTB related discussions - now done with UC20, moving to UC18

 15:04 <sil2100> - Poking Serio about another batch of core18 and core20 snaps not triggering the snapd testing

 15:04 <sil2100> - Reviewing and merging William's skeleton project for the ubuntu-image Go rewrite

 15:04 <sil2100> - Reverting livecd-rootfs changes for server-raspi task naming

 15:04 <sil2100> * My seed changes needed time to fully propagate and now the proper names work!

 15:04 <sil2100> - Per CPC request, enabling arm64 builds of the old heptio-authenticator-aws package for EKS

 15:04 <sil2100> - Help with some amd64 desktop preinstalled image builds (consultation!)

 15:04 <sil2100> - Discussions regarding amd64/arm64 generic images

 15:04 <sil2100> - Prepared ubuntu-cdimage changes adding an explicig map file between cdimage -> livefs

 15:04 <sil2100> * This would decrease the number of implicit conversions happening in cdimage code

 15:04 <sil2100> - Review (in progress) of the YAML generator PR for netplan from Lukas

 15:04 <sil2100> (done)

 15:05 <jawn-smith> * LP: #1912371 tying up loose ends

 15:05 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1912371 in libftdi1 (Ubuntu) "[MIR] flashrom + libftdi" [Undecided, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1912371

 15:05 <jawn-smith> * LP: #1927078 disallow fully numeric usernames (still in progress)

 15:05 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1927078 in shadow (Ubuntu Impish) "Don't allow useradd to use fully numeric names" [Undecided, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1927078

 15:05 <jawn-smith> * Tracking down and submitting issue in golang: https://github.com/golang/go/issues/46747

 15:05 <ubottu> Issue 46747 in golang/go "cmd/link: when building with `buildmode=pie` the DF_1_PIE flag should be added to the resulting elf" [Closed]

 15:05 <jawn-smith> * Re-write ubuntu image in go

 15:05 <jawn-smith> * Skeleton project merged!

 15:05 <jawn-smith> * Next step: implement state machine logic

 15:05 <jawn-smith> * HiFive Unmatched hardware support

 15:05 <jawn-smith> * Got RISC-V permissions in PPA and successfully built some unmatched focal images

 15:05 <jawn-smith> * u-boot still not fully working

 15:05 <jawn-smith> * Trying to come up with creative sense hat physical hardware tests

 15:05 <jawn-smith> * Have pi talking to itself via morse code using the LEDs on sense hat

 15:05 <jawn-smith> [done]

 15:05 <bdmurray> uploaded update-motd for impish w/ no apt-file tests

 15:05 <bdmurray> building a desktop-preinstalled image for a project

 15:05 <bdmurray> sorting out eol, eol-esm dates so they don't fall on a weekend

 15:05 <bdmurray> updated Canonical Ubuntu release calendar with some EoL dates

 15:05 <bdmurray> special SRU release of glmark2, systemd

 15:05 <bdmurray> fwupd SRU policy review

 15:05 <bdmurray> some +1 maintenance

 15:05 <bdmurray> âœ” done

 15:05 <bdmurray> slyon:

 15:06 <slyon> - Short week, Firday off (sick)

 15:06 <slyon> - Interviews & Take-home tests

 15:06 <slyon> - systemd cgroup v2 investigation, bug #1850667

 15:06 <slyon> - Azure vs snapd discussions & research, bug #1871538

 15:06 <slyon> - continued NM snap support, bug #1931168

 15:06 <slyon> === Netplan ===

 15:06 <ubottu> Bug 1850667 in snapd (Ubuntu) "Switch to 'unified' cgroup hierarchy (cgroupv2)" [Medium, In Progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1850667

 15:06 <ubottu> Bug 1871538 in dbus (Ubuntu Impish) "dbus timeout-ed during an upgrade, taking services down including gdm" [High, Incomplete] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1871538

 15:06 <slyon> - cleanup integration-test refactoring, PR#204

 15:06 <slyon> - review & merge small community fix, PR#213

 15:06 <slyon> - merged SBINDIR, PR#205

 15:06 <slyon> - merged NM unmanaged-devices, PR#201

 15:06 <slyon> - review activation-mode pt.2, PR#214

 15:06 <slyon> - Cleaning up & testing NM keyfile parser, PR#212

 15:06 <slyon> (done)

 15:06 <bdmurray> vorlon is also out

 15:06 <bdmurray> any questions on status?

 15:07 <bdmurray> jawn-smith: morse code? does it send SOS?

 15:07 <jawn-smith> bdmurray it sends anything you want!

 15:07 <jawn-smith> right now I have it sending, very creatively, "HELLO WORLD"

 15:08 <bdmurray> #topic Release Incoming Bugs

 15:08 <bdmurray> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ii-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 15:09 <bdmurray> bug 1871538

 15:09 <ubottu> Bug 1871538 in dbus (Ubuntu Impish) "dbus timeout-ed during an upgrade, taking services down including gdm" [High, Incomplete] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1871538

 15:09 <slyon> we're hitting this issue with CPC images

 15:09 <slyon> therefore I brought it up again and think we should card/track it.

 15:09 <bdmurray> I feel like we've talked about this before

 15:10 <slyon> yes, but we weren't able to reproduce in the past. we now can (more or less)

 15:10 <bdmurray> oh, that's good! what do you mean by "more or less"?

 15:10 <slyon> its a bit racy, but CPC has a setup where it can reproduce the problem with like 70-80% probability

 15:11 <slyon> we have discussions going on LP, systemd upstream and dbus upstream

 15:12 <bdmurray> okay, let's go ahead and card this

 15:12 <slyon> +1

 15:12 <bdmurray> bug 1931088

 15:12 <ubottu> Bug 1931088 in isc-dhcp (Ubuntu) "boot-and-services tests fails in impish on armhf (248.3)" [Undecided, Incomplete] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1931088

 15:13 <bdmurray> ah, we already have that carded

 15:13 <slyon> that one is already carded (FR-1435)

 15:14 <mclemenceau> I carded the previous one

 15:14 <bdmurray> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-hh-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 15:14 <bdmurray> that's has the same bug we already discussed

 15:14 <slyon> yep, it affects forcal++

 15:15 <bdmurray> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ff-incoming-bug-tasks.html

 15:15 <bdmurray> and the same bug is there

 15:16 <bdmurray> #topic Team proposed-migration report

 15:16 <bdmurray> #link http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs

 15:16 <bdmurray> waveform: sqlite3 - what's going on there?

 15:17 <waveform> bdmurray, supysonic needs a core-dev to retry it; the other package I've posted a fix for -- just needs sponsorship

 15:17 <bdmurray> waveform: I've retired it a couple of times!

 15:18 <bdmurray> Could somebody sponsor the other thing?

 15:19 <bdmurray> Well, I'll do that.

 15:19 <waveform> Bug #1931881

 15:19 <ubottu> Bug 1931881 in lto-disabled-list (Ubuntu) "Change golang-github-mattn-go-sqlite3 to any arch" [Undecided, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1931881

 15:19 <bdmurray> then glibc - is anybody looking at this?

 15:21 <bdmurray> breezy was discussed in #ubuntu-devel recently

 15:22 <bdmurray> delve could be a flakey test so I'll retry that

 15:22 <bdmurray> hilive - how about juliank?

 15:23 <bdmurray> opensaml - is an arm thing so jawn-smith

 15:23 <juliank> ok

 15:23 <jawn-smith> o/

 15:23 <bdmurray> pyopencl let's say slyon

 15:23 <slyon> ok

 15:23 <bdmurray> symfony bryce wanted me to hint

 15:24 <bdmurray> synthv - waveform?

 15:24 <waveform> bdmurray, okay

 15:24 <bdmurray> systemd - slyon do you know anything about this?

 15:24 <slyon> nope

 15:25 <bdmurray> slyon will take systemd

 15:25 <slyon> ack

 15:25 <bdmurray> rpi-eeprom - waveform is that related to your MIR bug?

 15:27 <waveform> not exactly -- I'm told main things can't depend on restricted things, but rpi-eeprom (main) has always depended on linux-firmware-raspi2 (restricted) -- anyway, I'm currently digging into removing the restricted dep (which is possible in impish, but makes difficulties for the intended SRU)

 15:27 <bdmurray> okay

 15:28 <bdmurray> then we have pillow and sphinx-astropy

 15:28 <bdmurray> dbungert: did you get one? if not can you take that?

 15:29 <dbungert> bdmurray: I'll take a look at pillow vs sphinx-astrophy

 15:29 <bdmurray> thanks!

 15:29 <dbungert> I'm overdue to learn s390x things anyhow

 15:29 <bdmurray> #AOB

 15:30 <pleia2> dbungert: I work on it, feel free to reach out :)

 15:30 <dbungert> pleia2: great, thanks!

 15:30 <bdmurray> okay thanks everybody!

 15:31 <bdmurray> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)