== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Ubuntu Technical Board meeting, started by cyphermox, 06 Apr at 19:02 &mdash; 19:21 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://new.ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2021/ubuntu-meeting.2021-04-06-19.02.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== Apologies ===

Discussion started by cyphermox at 19:02.


=== Action review ===

Discussion started by cyphermox at 19:04.

 * '''Wimpress To follow-up on-list with design review to address MATE Boutique security/consent concerns.'''  (cyphermox, 19:05)
  * ''ACTION:'' rbasak to ask for a status update on ML re: MATE Boutique design review  (cyphermox, 19:10)
 * '''formal ratification of third party seeded snap security policy, depends on:'''  (cyphermox, 19:10)
 * '''vorlon to circle around with store, snapcraft, et all, and revise the snap source revision policy to be more clear with regards to rebuildability and GPL compliance.'''  (cyphermox, 19:10)
 * '''vorlon to reply to seeded snap upload permissions question on list'''  (cyphermox, 19:12)
  * ''ACTION:'' cyphermox to bug vorlon about TB tasks  (cyphermox, 19:14)
 * '''sil2100 to start a draft summarizing the OEM archive portion of the meeting which xnox and TB will review, edit, and ratify before we move on to figuring out the next step'''  (cyphermox, 19:15)
 * '''vorlon to update the list for Thunderbird update (https://irclogs.ubuntu.com/2021/01/26/%23ubuntu-meeting.html#t20:22)'''  (cyphermox, 19:16)

=== Other agenda items ===

Discussion started by cyphermox at 19:17.


=== Pending mailing list items ===

Discussion started by cyphermox at 19:17.


=== Community bugs ===

Discussion started by cyphermox at 19:17.


=== Chair for next meeting ===

Discussion started by cyphermox at 19:18.

 * ''AGREED:'' Next chair rbasak, backup would be vorlon.  (cyphermox, 19:19)

=== AOB? ===

Discussion started by cyphermox at 19:19.




== Action items, by person ==

 * cyphermox
  * cyphermox to bug vorlon about TB tasks
 * rbasak
  * rbasak to ask for a status update on ML re: MATE Boutique design review



== People present (lines said) ==

 * cyphermox (47)
 * rbasak (19)
 * meetingology (6)
 * mdeslaur (2)



== Full log ==


 19:02 <cyphermox> #startmeeting Ubuntu Technical Board

 19:02 <meetingology> Meeting started at 19:02:18 UTC.  The chair is cyphermox.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 19:02 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 19:02 <cyphermox> #chair cyphermox rbasak

 19:02 <meetingology> Current chairs: cyphermox, rbasak

 19:02 <cyphermox> #topic Apologies

 19:02 <cyphermox> mdeslaur is here after all.

 19:03 <cyphermox> are we quorate? vorlon?

 19:04 <rbasak> I think we only need three if we ignore sabdfl

 19:04 <cyphermox> right, just checking if we're more anyway :)

 19:04 <cyphermox> #topic Action review

 19:05 <cyphermox> #subtopic Wimpress To follow-up on-list with design review to address MATE Boutique security/consent concerns.

 19:05 <rbasak> o/

 19:05 <rbasak> This action seems to be stuck here forever, seeing as no TB member can action it.

 19:06 <cyphermox> yes

 19:06 <rbasak> Can I suggest that we come up with a plan to move it forward?

 19:06 <cyphermox> well, it's something that blocks a request; so presumably the request can't move forward until that's adressed, and it's probably all on Wimpress's tasks?

 19:07 <cyphermox> or maybe not

 19:07 <cyphermox> in any case, I agree if it can't be actioned, let's drop and/or figure a way to make it go away

 19:07 <cyphermox> rbasak: suggestion?

 19:08 <rbasak> It's not a request; AIUI it's an objection on the basis that current behaviour (or at least, behaviour at the time it was raised) violates Ubuntu policy.

 19:08 <cyphermox> ok

 19:09 <rbasak> So, if the current status isn't acceptable to the TB, the TB presumably needs to either continue coaxing people into fixing it, or, if required, enforce.

 19:09 <rbasak> How about I write to the ML thread asking for a status update?

 19:09 <rbasak> I'll take that action.

 19:09 <cyphermox> ok

 19:09 <rbasak> And then we can go from there.

 19:10 <cyphermox> #action rbasak to ask for a status update on ML re: MATE Boutique design review

 19:10 * meetingology rbasak to ask for a status update on ML re: MATE Boutique design review

 19:10 <cyphermox> sounds good?

 19:10 <rbasak> +1

 19:10 <rbasak> thanks

 19:10 <cyphermox> yw, thanks for taking that action

 19:10 <cyphermox> #subtopic formal ratification of third party seeded snap security policy, depends on:

 19:10 <cyphermox> #subtopic vorlon to circle around with store, snapcraft, et all, and revise the snap source revision policy to be more clear with regards to rebuildability and GPL compliance.

 19:11 <cyphermox> I'm going to guess it's a carry, but similarly, it needs to eventually move

 19:11 <cyphermox> I would take the action to bug vorlon more about it

 19:11 <mdeslaur> heh

 19:12 <cyphermox> similarly;

 19:12 <rbasak> :)

 19:12 <cyphermox> #subtopic vorlon to reply to seeded snap upload permissions question on list

 19:12 <rbasak> It's a little different though, since the buck is with the TB itself on that one.

 19:12 <cyphermox> I would give him one last chance

 19:13 <rbasak> Not that I'm excusing it not being sorted timely, but what we need to do about that is possibly quite different.

 19:14 <cyphermox> yeah, I'm just saying that I'll write down that I'll go bug him some this week and the next about either completing these actions or asking for help/delegating

 19:14 <rbasak> +1, thanks

 19:14 <cyphermox> #action cyphermox to bug vorlon about TB tasks

 19:14 * meetingology cyphermox to bug vorlon about TB tasks

 19:15 <cyphermox> #subtopic sil2100 to start a draft summarizing the OEM archive portion of the meeting which xnox and TB will review, edit, and ratify before we move on to figuring out the next step

 19:15 <cyphermox> sil2100 isn't around it seems, and we haven't seen that summary

 19:16 <cyphermox> so that would probably be a carry unless  I missed something last meeting?

 19:16 <rbasak> Yes, carry I think please.

 19:16 <cyphermox> #subtopic vorlon to update the list for Thunderbird update (https://irclogs.ubuntu.com/2021/01/26/%23ubuntu-meeting.html#t20:22)

 19:17 <cyphermox> I think that's also a carry

 19:17 <rbasak> Yup

 19:17 <cyphermox> #topic Other agenda items

 19:17 <cyphermox> There was nothing else on the wiki

 19:17 <cyphermox> #topic Pending mailing list items

 19:17 <cyphermox> As far as I could tell, we're not missing anything, last messages in mailing list are just meeting absence notifications.

 19:17 <cyphermox> #topic Community bugs

 19:18 <cyphermox> There were no open bugs when I checked about an hour ago

 19:18 <cyphermox> yeah, still the case

 19:18 <cyphermox> #topic Chair for next meeting

 19:19 <cyphermox> #agreed Next chair rbasak, backup would be vorlon.

 19:19 <meetingology> AGREED: Next chair rbasak, backup would be vorlon.

 19:19 <rbasak> ack

 19:19 <cyphermox> Just going by the team members...

 19:19 <cyphermox> #topic AOB?

 19:19 <rbasak> None from me, thanks.

 19:20 <cyphermox> I'm going to apologize for missing last meeting; I did shamefully get mixed up with DST :/

 19:21 <cyphermox> mdeslaur: anything from you?

 19:21 <mdeslaur> nope nothing for me

 19:21 <cyphermox> cool

 19:21 <cyphermox> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)