== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status meeting, started by cpaelzer, 09 Feb at 15:30 &mdash; 15:47 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://new.ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2021/ubuntu-meeting.2021-02-09-15.30.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== Review of previous action items ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 15:31.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/raspberrypi-userland/+bug/1895137 ?  (cpaelzer, 15:32)

=== current component mismatches ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 15:34.

 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg   (cpaelzer, 15:34)
 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg   (cpaelzer, 15:34)

=== New MIRs ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 15:37.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=NEW&assignee_option=none&field.assignee=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (cpaelzer, 15:37)
 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/libinih/+bug/1883890 looks mostly ready  (cpaelzer, 15:38)

=== Incomplete bugs / questions ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 15:43.

 * ''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir   (cpaelzer, 15:43)

=== Any other business? ===

Discussion started by cpaelzer at 15:44.




== People present (lines said) ==

 * cpaelzer (68)
 * didrocks (11)
 * ubottu (5)
 * sarnold (4)
 * ddstreet (3)
 * meetingology (2)
 * doko (1)
 * mclemenceau (1)



== Full log ==


 15:30 <cpaelzer> #startmeeting Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status

 15:30 <meetingology> Meeting started at 15:30:11 UTC.  The chair is cpaelzer.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 15:30 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 15:30 <cpaelzer> doko: ddstreet: sarnold: jamespage: didrocks: hiho - ping for MIR team meeting

 15:30 <didrocks> hey

 15:31 <ddstreet> o/

 15:31 <cpaelzer> #topic Review of previous action items

 15:31 <cpaelzer> didrocks: had the action to convert the discussion on when to subscribe to a mail

 15:32 <cpaelzer> I've not seen anything yet, so this is still open

 15:32 <didrocks> yeah, sorry, was quite busy with too many things and this dropped out

 15:32 <cpaelzer> the rest were bug reivew assignments which I've mostyl seen happen

 15:32 <didrocks> will do it for sure in the coming days

 15:32 <cpaelzer> doko: did the rpi-userland case get reviewed by now ?

 15:32 <cpaelzer> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/raspberrypi-userland/+bug/1895137 ?

 15:32 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1895137 in rpi-eeprom (Ubuntu) "[MIR] rpi-eeprom; raspberrypi-userland" [Undecided,In progress]

 15:33 <cpaelzer> you mentioned last week that you forgot but wanted to get to it

 15:33 <cpaelzer> it still is open

 15:33 <cpaelzer> so I thought I ping you again doko

 15:33 <cpaelzer> waveform: ^^ could I ask you to team-internally nudge doko until he gets to it :-) ?

 15:33 <sarnold> good morning

 15:33 <cpaelzer> that was old actions

 15:33 <cpaelzer> let us get to mismatches

 15:33 <doko> sorry, otp

 15:34 <cpaelzer> no doko, reply later when you have time to read the log

 15:34 <cpaelzer> #topic current component mismatches

 15:34 <cpaelzer> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg

 15:34 <cpaelzer> no new cases in here

 15:34 <cpaelzer> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg

 15:35 <cpaelzer> libmd and libinih got bugs/bug-updates which we will see later

 15:35 <cpaelzer> I did miss one task of last week myself, the clarification of libfcgi

 15:35 <cpaelzer> let me put this back on top of my desk here ...

 15:36 <cpaelzer> didrocks: https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/pipewire/+bug/1802533 is ready right?

 15:36 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1802533 in pipewire (Ubuntu) "[MIR] pipewire" [Low,In progress]

 15:36 <cpaelzer> just waiting for some desktop'ish upload

 15:36 <didrocks> exactly

 15:36 <cpaelzer> and yeah other than that (to me) mismatches seems all like known old cases

 15:37 <cpaelzer> I did myself get three resolved this week

 15:37 <cpaelzer> and have seen others get some completed as well

 15:37 <cpaelzer> so here things are slightly more calm

 15:37 <cpaelzer> bugs are different thou

 15:37 <cpaelzer> going on ...

 15:37 <cpaelzer> #topic New MIRs

 15:37 <cpaelzer> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=NEW&assignee_option=none&field.assignee=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 15:38 <cpaelzer> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/libinih/+bug/1883890 looks mostly ready

 15:38 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1883890 in libinih (Ubuntu) "[MIR] libinih" [Undecided,New]

 15:38 <cpaelzer> didrocks: it seems we have a MIR ack and a conditional security ack that is now fulfilled

 15:38 <cpaelzer> didrocks: since it is desktop related, would you take a look if all is indeed in place

 15:38 <cpaelzer> including the subscription ... :-)

 15:38 <cpaelzer> and if so I think you can promote it

 15:38 <didrocks> will do, and ofc the subscription :)

 15:39 <cpaelzer> awesome

 15:39 <cpaelzer> next is https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/flashrom/+bug/1912371

 15:39 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1912371 in flashrom (Ubuntu) "[MIR] flashrom" [Undecided,New]

 15:39 <cpaelzer> So to me it seems that is now meant to enter review

 15:39 <cpaelzer> anyone volunteering for some flashrom deep dive?

 15:40 <cpaelzer> we have two more to assign, so everyone will get a share :-)

 15:40 <cpaelzer> I've this week done two that flew by already - I can take one more

 15:40 <cpaelzer> but not the toher two as well

 15:40 <cpaelzer> I'm taking flashrom

 15:40 <cpaelzer> next is https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/libbsd/+bug/1915009

 15:40 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1915009 in libmd (Ubuntu) "[MIR] libmd (dependency of libbsd)" [High,Incomplete]

 15:41 <cpaelzer> opened by doko

 15:41 <cpaelzer> and having some updates by mclemenceau

 15:41 <cpaelzer> I guess that means foundation wants it

 15:41 <cpaelzer> but the bug is really not complete

 15:41 <didrocks> unsure why 2 tasks on it?

 15:41 <didrocks> yeah, description is missing

 15:41 <cpaelzer> one for the source and one for the actual MIR

 15:42 <cpaelzer> I agree that libbsd has no reason to have a task here

 15:42 <cpaelzer> mclemenceau: or doko: would you make this into a proper state and set it back to new then?

 15:42 <cpaelzer> I've updated the bug states

 15:42 <mclemenceau> will do

 15:42 <ddstreet> i already have iniparser, it looks like mtd-utils is listed in the same bug, but it's already in main

 15:42 <cpaelzer> thanks mdeslaur

 15:42 <ddstreet> i haven't got to iniparser yet but will this week

 15:43 <cpaelzer> thanks ddstreet, yeah I see your assignment

 15:43 <cpaelzer> ok all assigned

 15:43 <cpaelzer> #topic Incomplete bugs / questions

 15:43 <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir

 15:44 <didrocks> nothing new it seems?

 15:44 <cpaelzer> Two bugs waiting for input, but nothing new

 15:44 <cpaelzer> #topic Any other business?

 15:44 <sarnold> none from me

 15:44 <didrocks> nothing here

 15:44 <cpaelzer> The time for Feature Freeze closes, I know everyone is even more busy than usual. But pelase try to get a chance to do the reviews

 15:45 <cpaelzer> They are a few hours for you, but might block a Team/Task without them having any chance to do something about the situation

 15:46 <cpaelzer> hmm, yeah that is it then I guess

 15:46 <cpaelzer> anything else?

 15:46 <didrocks> just to thank you for the quick and effective meeting leads :)

 15:46 <sarnold> :)

 15:47 <cpaelzer> Thank you

 15:47 <cpaelzer> Then I'll give all of you 13 minutes back and see you next week ...

 15:47 <sarnold> thanks cpaelzer, all :)

 15:47 <didrocks> o/

 15:47 <cpaelzer> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)