== Meeting information ==

 * #ubuntu-meeting: Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team meeting, started by bdmurray, 08 Jul at 15:00 &mdash; 15:32 UTC.
 * Full logs at https://new.ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2021/ubuntu-meeting.2021-07-08-15.00.log.html



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning Round ===

Discussion started by bdmurray at 15:01.


=== Release Incoming Bugs ===

Discussion started by bdmurray at 15:18.

 * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ii-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs   (bdmurray, 15:18)
 * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-hh-incoming-bug-tasks.html   (bdmurray, 15:23)
 * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ff-incoming-bug-tasks.html   (bdmurray, 15:23)

=== Team proposed-migration report ===

Discussion started by bdmurray at 15:25.

 * ''LINK:'' https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs   (vorlon, 15:26)

=== AOB ===

Discussion started by bdmurray at 15:31.




== People present (lines said) ==

 * bdmurray (48)
 * ubottu (25)
 * juliank (25)
 * sil2100 (23)
 * slyon (18)
 * vorlon (16)
 * jawn-smith (13)
 * dbungert (9)
 * waveform (9)
 * schopin (5)
 * ginggs (5)
 * xypron (4)
 * meetingology (2)



== Full log ==


 15:00 <bdmurray> #startmeeting Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team

 15:00 <meetingology> Meeting started at 15:00:53 UTC.  The chair is bdmurray.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology

 15:00 <dbungert> o/

 15:00 <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick

 15:01 <bdmurray> #topic Lightning Round

 15:02 <bdmurray> echo $(shuf -e vorlon bdmurray doko sil2100 mwhudson juliank waveform slyon jawn-smith dbungert xypron ginggs schopin)

 15:02 <bdmurray> jawn-smith schopin doko ginggs mwhudson bdmurray xypron sil2100 dbungert slyon vorlon juliank waveform

 15:03 <jawn-smith> * Short week due to holiday

 15:03 <jawn-smith> * Re-write ubuntu-image in go:

 15:03 <jawn-smith> * PR for state machine logic opened. 100% test coverage

 15:03 <jawn-smith> * Had meeting this morning on changing the design of the state machine.

 15:03 <jawn-smith> * This is a break from how it is implemented in the python version, and will

 15:03 <jawn-smith> break some backwards compatibility. It is important for adding

 15:03 <jawn-smith> other image types in the future.

 15:03 <jawn-smith> * Started work on implementing prepare_image stage

 15:03 <jawn-smith> * RISC-V

 15:04 <jawn-smith> * New bug LP: #1934791 to track SRU of u-boot to focal

 15:04 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1934791 in u-boot (Ubuntu Focal) "SRU u-boot to focal to enable HiFive Unmatched booting" [Undecided, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1934791

 15:04 <jawn-smith> * Testing hirsute version of u-boot in focal on all pi models possible

 15:04 <jawn-smith> * Re-started work on LP: #1927078 with everyone agreeing on requirements

 15:04 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1927078 in shadow (Ubuntu Impish) "Don't allow useradd to use fully numeric names" [Low, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1927078

 15:04 <jawn-smith> [done]

 15:04 <schopin> - First week, yay! Canonical onboarding, tooling setup, etc

 15:05 <schopin> - netplan: implemented gateway keyword consolidation (bug #1756590, PR#216)

 15:05 <ubottu> Bug 1756590 in netplan "'gateway4' is cumbersome" [Medium, Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1756590

 15:05 <schopin> netplan: warn if multiple gateways are specified (bug #1901836, PR#217)

 15:05 <ubottu> Bug 1901836 in netplan "netplan should warn/fail if multiple default gateways are defined" [Undecided, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1901836

 15:05 <schopin> * All netplan PRs are in review

 15:05 <schopin> (done)

 15:06 <bdmurray> doko is out

 15:06 <xypron> * resolved building squid on RISC-V

 15:06 <bdmurray> ginggs: do you have anything?

 15:06 <xypron> * looked at why build-gnome-initial-setup does build

 15:06 <xypron> It starts at golang not supporting building buildmode=c-shared on RISC-V

 15:06 <ginggs> xypron carry on, i'll go after you

 15:07 <xypron> done

 15:08 <ginggs> first week, onboarding, etc.

 15:08 <ginggs> reviewed and sponsored a merge of nfs-utils LP: #1929406

 15:08 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1929406 in nfs-utils (Ubuntu) "Please merge nfs-utils 1:1.3.4-5 from Debian unstable" [Wishlist, Fix Released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1929406

 15:08 <ginggs> been investigating switching from fuse2 to fuse3 in main

 15:09 <ginggs> done

 15:09 <bdmurray> reployed staging version of Error Tracker on xenial

 15:09 <bdmurray> submitted an MP for canonical-is-firewalls re new IPs for the above

 15:09 <bdmurray> modify daisy to allow the submission of snap crashes again

 15:09 <bdmurray> updated daisy, errors code on staging and production Error Tracker

 15:09 <bdmurray> completed a data deletion request from the Error Tracker

 15:09 <bdmurray> uploaded an Ubuntu 20.04 fix for LP: #1924604

 15:09 <bdmurray> SRU verification of LP: #1924604

 15:09 <bdmurray> submitted a signing request for some ubuntu core 20 models

 15:09 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1924604 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu Focal) "do-release-upgrade crashed with KeyError in __getitem__(): 'The cache has no package named 'python-is-python2''" [Undecided, Fix Committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1924604

 15:09 <bdmurray> submitted a pull request regarding adding ubuntu core 20 modes

 15:09 <bdmurray> merged some britney hints for Focal and Groovy, devel

 15:09 <bdmurray> merged a livecd-rootfs pull request from kajiya

 15:09 <bdmurray> short week due to a holiday

 15:09 <bdmurray> ✔ done

 15:09 <bdmurray> sil2100:

 15:10 <sil2100> - SRU reviews and releases

 15:10 <sil2100> - Ubuntu Core meetings

 15:10 <sil2100> - DTB UC meeting

 15:10 <sil2100> * Releasing pi gadget to candidate + later today stable

 15:10 <sil2100> - Onboarding of new members

 15:10 <sil2100> - Grading tests

 15:10 <sil2100> - Sponsoring modemmanager for the HWE team

 15:10 <sil2100> - 20.04.3 status meeting

 15:10 <sil2100> - ESM britney:

 15:10 <sil2100> * Re-deployed in staging, re-tested if the autopkgtest-cloud bits still work

 15:10 <sil2100> * Deployed ESM britney on the security-britney instance, iterated

 15:10 <sil2100> * Fixed some credential issues, addressed some britney bugs, lots of request debugging

 15:10 <sil2100> * Testing final bit: excuses viewer, requiring some security-britney apache configuration

 15:10 <sil2100> - More design work on the cdimage simplestreams feature

 15:10 <sil2100> - Reviewed StateMachine PR from William for the Go ubuntu-image

 15:10 <sil2100> - Reviewed the big keyfile plugin for Lukas in netplan

 15:11 <sil2100> - Model assertion reviews for iotg

 15:11 <sil2100> - Discovered that pi-gadgets build with -proposed, tweaked the build process to build from proper sources

 15:11 <sil2100> - Worked with IS to debug broken Bileto ADT tests

 15:11 <sil2100> * Two fixes were needed: first bad credentials, second a token refresh in the lru_cache

 15:11 <sil2100> - Discussions regarging WSL image release process

 15:11 <sil2100> - Updates to some core documentation

 15:11 <sil2100> (done)

 15:11 <dbungert> (4 day work week)

 15:11 <dbungert> * LP: #1934650 - help test

 15:11 <dbungert> * ubuntu-desktop-installer vs subiquity - add more PYTHONPATHs, tweak paths to

 15:11 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1934650 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu Hirsute) "allow upgrades to hirsute for Apple hardware" [Undecided, Fix Committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1934650

 15:11 <dbungert> subiquity required script, and other integration issue analysis.

 15:11 <dbungert> Filesystem controller crash turned out to be related to missing cloud-init.

 15:11 <dbungert> Investigating a curtin-related heisenbug that disappears in my debugging snap.

 15:11 <dbungert> * help run 2 interviews, first time doing "general" interview so prep for that

 15:11 <dbungert> (done)

 15:11 <slyon> - Interviews & Take-home tests

 15:11 <slyon> - Reviewed @jawn-smith's shadow debdiff, bug #1927078

 15:11 <slyon> - Some continued investigation on the dbus issue, bug #1871538

 15:11 <slyon> - Wrote systemd unified cgroup hierarchy (v2) spec, asked for review

 15:11 <slyon> * testing in bileto: https://bileto.ubuntu.com/excuses/4602/impish.html

 15:11 <slyon> - Wrote "definition of online" (network-online.target) spec, asked for review

 15:11 <ubottu> Bug 1927078 in shadow (Ubuntu Impish) "Don't allow useradd to use fully numeric names" [Low, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1927078

 15:11 <ubottu> Bug 1871538 in dbus (Ubuntu Impish) "dbus timeout-ed during an upgrade, taking services down including gdm" [High, Incomplete] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1871538

 15:11 <slyon> === Netplan ===

 15:11 <slyon> - Merged autopkgtest waiting logic, bug #1922126, PR#204

 15:11 <slyon> - Merged basic NM keyfile parser, PR#212

 15:11 <slyon> - Reviewed @schopin's gateway consolidation PR#216, bug #1756590

 15:11 <slyon> (done)

 15:11 <ubottu> Bug 1922126 in netplan.io (Ubuntu) "autopkgtest fails in hirsute on some architectrures" [Undecided, Fix Committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1922126

 15:11 <ubottu> Bug 1756590 in netplan "'gateway4' is cumbersome" [Medium, Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1756590

 15:12 <bdmurray> vorlon:

 15:12 <vorlon> * short week due to holiday, dr appts

 15:13 <vorlon> * lots of interviewing of candidates

 15:13 <vorlon> * archive cleanups (component-mismatches, NBS)

 15:13 <vorlon> * +1 maintenance this week

 15:13 <vorlon> (done)

 15:13 <bdmurray> juliank:

 15:13 <juliank> * helped very slightly with some new starter shenanigans

 15:13 <juliank> * apt:

 15:13 <juliank> - reviewed two merges

 15:13 <juliank> - verified autopkgtest SRUs that setup Always-Include-Phased-Updates in apt (LP: #1934100)

 15:13 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1934100 in autopkgtest (Ubuntu Hirsute) "Setup Always-Include-Phased-Updates (for hirsute+)" [High, Fix Committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1934100

 15:13 <juliank> - started working on exponential backoff for retries

 15:13 <juliank> * shim:

 15:13 <juliank> - hirsute is released, hooray

 15:13 <juliank> - turns out we do have a signed fwupdate, just not fwupd, on xenial that we would break with new shim; but we ignore that

 15:13 <juliank> - turns out that we break systems that don't have support for querying variable storage info too (LP: #1934780)

 15:13 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1934780 in shim (Ubuntu) "shim crashes on Mellanox BF1 SmartNIC" [Undecided, Fix Committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1934780

 15:13 <juliank> - new shim submitted to shim-review

 15:13 <juliank> * edos distcheck review: (should really move that off my VPS and into canonical resources)

 15:13 <juliank> - xnox filed shim-canonical removal request

 15:13 <juliank> - bug 1934661: kylin-greeter build-depends on missing ukui-settings-daemon-dev:amd64

 15:13 <ubottu> Bug 1934661 in kylin-greeter (Ubuntu) "kylin-greeter build-depends on missing ukui-settings-daemon-dev:amd64" [Critical, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1934661

 15:13 <juliank> - ignored missing linux-restricted-generate build-depends in the human report generator

 15:13 <juliank> * uploaded new ubuntu-release-upgrader/hirsute to unblock upgrades to hirsute on Apple hardware (LP: #1934650)

 15:13 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1934650 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu Hirsute) "allow upgrades to hirsute for Apple hardware" [Undecided, Fix Committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1934650

 15:13 <juliank> -- hint needs to be bumped for the new version as the tests are still as broken as the previous release

 15:13 <juliank> (done)

 15:14 <bdmurray> waveform:

 15:14 <waveform> * Rebased nfs-utils merge (thanks to ginggs for sponsoring!) (LP: #1929406)

 15:14 <waveform> * Attempting to replicate VGA->HDMI video sync issue on pi desktop (LP: #1933758)

 15:14 <waveform> * Merged a couple of pi-gadget PRs (-proposed and snappy-dev PPA) and cherry-picked from 20-arm64 to 20-armhf branches (https://github.com/snapcore/pi-gadget/pull/73 and https://github.com/snapcore/pi-gadget/pull/76)

 15:14 <waveform> * Wrestled with snapcraft+ubuntu-image to test out psplash PR (https://github.com/snapcore/pi-gadget/pull/74); intending to place the bootscr.rpi changes into flash-kernel rather than munging stuff in the pi-gadget Makefile

 15:14 <waveform> * Working on improved focal SRU for u-boot with jawn-smith (with apologies to sil2100 :) (LP: #1934791, LP: #1923162)

 15:14 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1929406 in nfs-utils (Ubuntu) "Please merge nfs-utils 1:1.3.4-5 from Debian unstable" [Wishlist, Fix Released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1929406

 15:14 <waveform> * Unable to verify audio issue on Pi desktop after groovy upgrade

 15:14 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1933758 in Ubuntu "Display resolution not properly identifying in Ubuntu 21.04" [Undecided, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1933758

 15:14 <ubottu> Pull 73 in snapcore/pi-gadget ".travis.yml: drop the package repositories experimental flag" [Merged]

 15:14 <waveform> * Marked take-home tests

 15:14 <ubottu> Pull 76 in snapcore/pi-gadget "Fix builds using proper image PPA and without proposed" [Merged]

 15:14 <ubottu> Pull 74 in snapcore/pi-gadget "fix psplash loading and startup" [Open]

 15:14 <waveform> * Testing focal .3 daily test images on Pi models

 15:14 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1934791 in u-boot (Ubuntu Focal) "SRU u-boot to focal to enable HiFive Unmatched booting" [Undecided, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1934791

 15:14 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1923162 in u-boot (Ubuntu Focal) "riscv64 images fail to boot in qemu" [Undecided, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1923162

 15:14 <waveform> (done)

 15:14 <bdmurray> Any questions on status?

 15:16 <bdmurray> juliank: Oh I didn't notice that you'd uploaded u-r-u somehow

 15:16 <bdmurray> juliank: There are test fixes available in Impish and Focal which would work for Hirsute

 15:17 <juliank> bdmurray: next time, I guess, bug is already verified and we should release it monday I suppose

 15:17 <juliank> Don't want to enable Apple upgrades before the weekend :D

 15:17 <juliank> Just need to get the hint bumped

 15:17 <bdmurray> juliank: okay

 15:18 <bdmurray> moving on then

 15:18 <bdmurray> #topic Release Incoming Bugs

 15:18 <bdmurray> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ii-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs

 15:19 <bdmurray> bug 1934988

 15:19 <ubottu> Bug 1934988 in s390-tools (Ubuntu) "Upgrade s390-tools to latest version (2.17.0)" [Undecided, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1934988

 15:20 <bdmurray> Let's go ahead and take that. Is that already a card for it?

 15:20 <slyon> I created that bug. IBM usually asks about the new s390-tools

 15:20 <slyon> it could be a nice task for one of our new starters

 15:20 <slyon> no card yet AFAIK

 15:21 <bdmurray> bug 1933826

 15:21 <ubottu> Bug 1933826 in grub2 (Ubuntu) "default file permissions on bootloader configuration" [Undecided, Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1933826

 15:21 <juliank> not sure why we patched it to be 444, but sounds sensible to drop the patch

 15:21 <juliank> :D

 15:21 <bdmurray> juliank you've looked at this right?

 15:21 <juliank> we should card it

 15:21 <bdmurray> okay, will do

 15:23 <bdmurray> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-hh-incoming-bug-tasks.html

 15:23 <bdmurray> nothing here

 15:23 <bdmurray> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ff-incoming-bug-tasks.html

 15:23 <bdmurray> bug 1934221

 15:23 <ubottu> Bug 1934221 in systemd (Ubuntu) "systemd-resolve segfault" [Undecided, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1934221

 15:23 <slyon> there is a patch to this bug, I think we should take it

 15:24 <bdmurray> do you know if it is fixed in impish or some later release?

 15:24 <bdmurray> where later is later than focal

 15:24 <slyon> it seems to be a backport from systemd v248 – so should be in impish

 15:25 <bdmurray> cool, I'll target and card it after the meeting

 15:25 <slyon> thanks!

 15:25 <bdmurray> #topic Team proposed-migration report

 15:26 <bdmurray> vorlon:

 15:26 <vorlon> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs

 15:26 <vorlon> pretty short list overall right now

 15:26 <vorlon> there's glibc that's in progress and has been looked at by multiple folks (breezy is the only package currently blocking)

 15:27 <vorlon> sounds like doko has been looking at it recently, I'm not going to ask for another assignee on this

 15:27 <vorlon> and then most of the rest of the packages on the list are blocked by openldap, which is a server team migration

 15:27 <vorlon> and then we have a systemd/amd64 autopkgtest failure blocking linux-meta-aws

 15:27 <vorlon> any volunteers to look into that?

 15:28 <slyon> I guess that is on me

 15:28 <vorlon> systemd/linux-aws-meta: slyon

 15:28 <vorlon> thanks

 15:29 <vorlon> and that's all

 15:29 <vorlon> bdmurray:

 15:31 <bdmurray> #topic AOB

 15:31 <juliank> I'm getting my vaccine tomorrow afternoon - 3h before - until EOD

 15:31 <juliank> roughly

 15:31 <bdmurray> \o/

 15:32 <bdmurray> alright, thanks everybody!

 15:32 <bdmurray> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.4.0 (https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)