== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 29 Sep at 15:03 &mdash; 15:24 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2016/ubuntu-meeting.2016-09-29-15.03.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== lightning round ===
The discussion about "lightning round" started at 15:03.


=== AOB ===
The discussion about "AOB" started at 15:22.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * slangasek (33)
 * caribou (21)
 * cyphermox (20)
 * sil2100 (19)
 * tdaitx (15)
 * xnox (14)
 * robru (14)
 * bdmurray (14)
 * ubottu (12)
 * barry (11)
 * chiluk (8)
 * meetingology (3)



== Full Log ==


 15:03 <slangasek> #startmeeting

 15:03 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Sep 29 15:03:23 2016 UTC.  The chair is slangasek. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 15:03 <meetingology> 

 15:03 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 15:03 <slangasek> [TOPIC] lightning round

 15:03 <slangasek> echo $(shuf -e barry doko bdmurray slangasek caribou infinity sil2100 robru cyphermox pitti tdaitx xnox chiluk mwhudson)

 15:04 <slangasek> mwhudson slangasek sil2100 infinity robru caribou pitti xnox chiluk tdaitx cyphermox bdmurray barry doko

 15:04 <slangasek> * final beta released

 15:04 <cyphermox> you win

 15:04 <slangasek> (done)

 15:04 <slangasek> :)

 15:04 <sil2100> Wow

 15:04 <sil2100> Ok

 15:04 <sil2100> ;)

 15:04 <sil2100> - Landing team work, silo coordination, preparing landing e-mails

 15:04 <sil2100> - RTM status meetings

 15:04 <sil2100> - Filling an SRU for touch xenial livecd-rootfs bits

 15:04 <sil2100> - Cleaning up, releasing and syncing all the livecd-rootfs changes to bzr

 15:04 <sil2100> - DMB meeting

 15:04 <sil2100> - Helping out with getting the ubuntu-push MIR-fix silo prepared

 15:04 <sil2100> - Fixing up broken xenial image builds

 15:04 <sil2100> - Landing the ubuntu-settings-components and address-book silo for i386 touch builds fixing

 15:04 <sil2100> - landing-team-tools snap:

 15:04 <sil2100> * Reorganized the scripts file structure for easy installation, prepped the yaml

 15:04 <sil2100> * Debugging why the script snaps aren't working (something in LD_LIBRARY_PATH breaking)

 15:05 <sil2100> - Investigating and fixing the pyzmq new constants unit test failure with the new zeromq3

 15:05 <sil2100> - Resolving ubuntu-keyboard and unity8 migration issues (caused by a double copy to Unapproved)

 15:05 <sil2100> - Playing around with Rocket

 15:05 <sil2100> (done)

 15:05 <slangasek> infinity is out at a conference

 15:05 <slangasek> robru:

 15:06 <robru> lp:bileto

 15:06 <robru> * cache swift account token (fixes issue where it occaisionally fails to be discovered)

 15:06 <robru> * update status immediately after regenerating diffs (not after builds)

 15:06 <robru> * upload excuses files to swift

 15:06 <robru> * some cosmetic tweaks (more status colors, status icon tweaks)

 15:06 <robru> * put date of last activity into PPA display name, aids discovering stale tickets.

 15:06 <robru> * update disconnect handling as per sqlalchemy docs

 15:06 <robru> * drop support for python <3.5  :-D

 15:06 <robru> * fix nagios checks

 15:06 <robru> * working with sbalda on adding UST support (incomplete)

 15:06 <robru> britney2-ubuntu

 15:06 <robru> * performance improvements, accepted upstream

 15:06 <barry> robru: \o/

 15:06 <barry> robru: and just in time for 3.6 :)

 15:06 <sil2100> hah ;)

 15:07 <robru> barry: heh, we'll be on xenial for a bit ;-)

 15:07 <slangasek> caribou: hi there

 15:07 <caribou> Bugfix:

 15:07 <caribou> APT hash sum mismatch when using mirror:// url (LP: #1625667)

 15:07 <caribou> - SRU awaiting verification

 15:07 <caribou> /etc/multipath/wwids not updated upon restart (LP: #1621835)

 15:07 <caribou> - Reviewed fix with cyphermox

 15:07 <caribou> About to upload for SRU now that .14 is released

 15:07 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1625667 in apt (Ubuntu Trusty) "Trusty: apt does not try next mirror if index file download fails with mirror:// source" [Medium,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1625667

 15:07 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1621835 in multipath-tools (Ubuntu Trusty) "multipathd reconfigure does not update /etc/multipath/wwids file on trusty" [Medium,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1621835

 15:07 <caribou> Development:

 15:07 <caribou> Working on a sosreport charm : mostly ready for review

 15:07 <caribou> tomsfastpath MIR :

 15:07 <caribou> - Will postpone the MIR to 17.04 and used  the

 15:07 <caribou> package 0.99-2 from Xenial uploaded by the security team

 15:07 <caribou> makedumpfile not working on kernel 4.8 (LP: #1626269)

 15:07 <ubottu> Error: Could not gather data from Launchpad for bug #1626269 (https://launchpad.net/bugs/1626269). The error has been logged

 15:07 <caribou> - investigating issue with upstream

 15:07 <caribou> Various sponsorship : zfs-linux, multipath-tools

 15:07 <caribou> Misc:

 15:07 <caribou> meetings

 15:08 <caribou> ☑ Done

 15:08 <barry> robru: i'm already bored with yakkety and can't wait for zazzy zorilla

 15:09 <robru> barry: zippy zebra!

 15:09 * xnox ponders if it's my turn

 15:09 <slangasek> caribou: tomfastpath> yay, will be glad to have that off the mismatch list :)

 15:09 <slangasek> pitti is also at conference today

 15:09 <slangasek> xnox:

 15:09 <xnox> * s390x v4.8 testing (trianged/closed v4.8 request bugs reported by ibm)

 15:09 <xnox> * final beta s390x respin tests

 15:09 <xnox> * fully automated z/VM basic d-i test (takes less than 6 minutes, with reporting to the iso tracker)

 15:09 <xnox> * gnupg2 environment proxy fix in dirmntr

 15:09 <xnox> * added support to apt-key fragments to software-properties

 15:09 <xnox> * fixed degraded boot of console-setup on serial-only systems

 15:09 <xnox> * in-progress / reviews needed - signing archive & dist-upgrade tarballs with 4k key only in z-series and up

 15:09 <xnox> * adding support to apt-key fragments to the dist-upgrader (will send merge proposal soon)

 15:09 <xnox> * point release update of btrfs-progs

 15:10 <xnox> done

 15:10 <caribou> slangasek: I'll try to get it done by early next week

 15:10 <chiluk> - LP 1628363 - Hit an odd situation where my USB Hub was detected but it's ports and devices were not enumerated.  Could not reproduce, but I'll keep an eye on it in case it's not a one off hardware issue.

 15:10 <chiluk> - Learned more about snappy, and presented findings to STS on the matter.  Is the foundations team responsible for snapping the majority of main and universe?

 15:10 <chiluk> - Aside from that mostly non public ceph emergencies.

 15:10 <chiluk> -done-

 15:10 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1628363 in linux (Ubuntu Xenial) "VIA VL812 hub stops working with 4.4.0-40.60" [Undecided,Invalid] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1628363

 15:10 <slangasek> xnox: automated z/VM d-i test - is that something you can give details to powersj about so we can also use it for ISO smoketesting?

 15:11 <xnox> slangasek, don't think so. This is using scripted 3270 terminal connections. And i thought that z/VM 3270 terminal is s390 special thing.... or does power use that line oriented console too?

 15:12 <slangasek> xnox: that's the IRC nick of the Server Team's QA engineer, not a reference to the POWER architecture ;)

 15:12 <chiluk> slangasek which team is responsible for snapping up most of the packages in main and universe?

 15:12 <slangasek> chiluk: mu

 15:12 <xnox> ah

 15:12 <xnox> sure.

 15:13 <chiluk> slangasek.. I'm just going to assume that's a typo or emotional outburst.

 15:13 <cyphermox> no tdaitx

 15:13 <slangasek> chiluk: or you could understand it as the answer to "What is the sound of one hand snapping"

 15:13 <chiluk> lol..

 15:13 <slangasek> cyphermox: indeed, go ahead

 15:13 <cyphermox> MIR:

 15:13 <cyphermox> - review mediaplayer-app

 15:13 <cyphermox> yakkety:

 15:13 <cyphermox> - fighting NetworkManager and pkexec for ubiquity

 15:13 <cyphermox> - for NM wifi connection via the ubiquity network dialog

 15:13 <cyphermox> - hw-detect modprobe fix (bug LP: #1602717)

 15:13 <cyphermox> - more initramfs-tools fixes for IPv6

 15:13 <cyphermox> - fixing iscsi without ip= set

 15:13 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1602717 in hw-detect (Ubuntu Xenial) "hw-detect modprobes blindly, ignoring blacklists" [Low,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1602717

 15:14 <cyphermox> ±other stuff:

 15:14 <cyphermox> - fixing up initramfs-tools and isc-dhcp

 15:14 <cyphermox> - subiquity code reviews

 15:14 <cyphermox> - subiquity keyboard setup

 15:14 <cyphermox> - prepared grub upload for new shim renamed binaries

 15:14 <cyphermox> - submitting shim for signing

 15:14 <cyphermox> - looks like I found out why ppc wasn't bootable for lubuntu; more investigation needed.

 15:14 <cyphermox> (done ✅)

 15:14 <slangasek> chiluk: snaps are not a replacement for debs, "most of the packages" in the archive are not things anyone would snap, and it's not anyone's responsibility to snap things that aren't useful to them as snaps

 15:14 <cyphermox> hey tdaitx

 15:14 <cyphermox> it's your turn :)

 15:14 <tdaitx> = jck

 15:14 <tdaitx> * Getting communication to work is a problem when running on 2 separated nodes

 15:14 <tdaitx> - No easy way to grab ip addresses from jenkins nodes before a build (in our setup node name is not DNS resolvable)

 15:14 <tdaitx> - Nodes instances are ephemeral, hardcoded ips are a no go

 15:15 <tdaitx> - Accessing the jenkins server *might* work but that requires a bot login for API access; checking if I can somehow reuse the session data from a running job to call the API

 15:15 <chiluk> slangasek how are we supposed to get a to a fully snappified ubuntu server install for 18.04 then?

 15:15 <tdaitx> - Current setup works on a single node using LXD, but that won't work for PPC64EL/ARM64 as an official jck host must run Oracle's reference implementation (and that's AMD64 only)

 15:15 <tdaitx> * Trying to expose interactive tests from within the container

 15:15 <tdaitx> * Gathering test results and exposing them through Jenkins

 15:15 <tdaitx> * Packaged scripts for and easier "install"

 15:15 <tdaitx> = proposed migration

 15:15 <tdaitx> - subscribed ubuntu-sponsors to mozart and mozart-stdlib removal request, up for grabs (LP: #1623951 and LP:#1623962)

 15:15 <tdaitx> - tracking down pkgbinarymangler error that causes on freevo to FTBFS

 15:15 <tdaitx> (done)

 15:15 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1623951 in mozart (Ubuntu) "please remove mozart from yakkety" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1623951

 15:15 <tdaitx> irc connection fubar on the right moment

 15:15 <slangasek> tdaitx: wat

 15:15 <bdmurray> short week / holiday last Friday

 15:15 <bdmurray> updated RT 95447 regarding ValueErrors w/ the daisy app servers

 15:15 <bdmurray> bugbot updates to tag release upgrade bugs w/ from and to release

 15:15 <bdmurray> ubuntu-release-upgrader bug triage

 15:16 <bdmurray> investigation into ubuntu-release-upgrader test failure

 15:16 <bdmurray> updated meta-release files to say wily is unsupported

 15:16 <bdmurray> fixed update-notifier test failure because of stderr

 15:16 <bdmurray> unattended-upgrade bug triage

 15:16 <bdmurray> worked on a bug fix for LP: #1544942

 15:16 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1544942 in unattended-upgrades (Ubuntu) "Marks unneeded packages as manually installed, if --dry-run is used" [Medium,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1544942

 15:16 <bdmurray> foundations bug triage

 15:16 <bdmurray> irc discussion with mvo re: unattended-upgrade bugs

 15:16 <bdmurray> irc discussion with rbasak re SRU team

 15:16 <bdmurray> explained the Error Tracker and how to use it to a dev

 15:16 <bdmurray> ✔ done

 15:16 <barry> working with pitti on using autopkgtest for github/gitlab pr/mr testing (debian bug #839072).

 15:16 <ubottu> Debian bug 839072 in autopkgtest "autopkgtest: Allow for GitHub-style PR urls" [Wishlist,Open] http://bugs.debian.org/839072

 15:16 <barry> ubuntu-image landings/branches (argument-order, coverage, mkfs.ext4, LP: #1617445, etc)

 15:16 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1617445 in Ubuntu Image "Pay down coverage tech debt" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1617445

 15:16 <barry> LP: #1627198 (*lots* of kernel bisect testing w/jsalisbury)

 15:16 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1627198 in linux (Ubuntu Yakkety) "4.8.0 kernels do not complete boot process on VM" [Critical,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1627198

 15:16 <barry> LP: #1627692 (investigation)

 15:16 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1627692 in Snappy "Error when model file is not in $HOME" [Undecided,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1627692

 15:16 <barry> debian bug #838531 (nose2 ftbfs)

 15:16 <ubottu> Debian bug 838531 in src:nose2 "nose2: FTBFS in testing (failing tests)" [Serious,Open] http://bugs.debian.org/838531

 15:16 <barry> reviewed https://github.com/CanonicalLtd/subiquity/pull/167

 15:16 <barry> ✔ done

 15:17 <tdaitx> slangasek, ?

 15:17 <slangasek> ah, and doko also at conference

 15:18 <slangasek> any questions?

 15:18 <caribou> slangasek: regarding tomsfastmath MIR & clamav, should the current clamav 0.99.2+dfsg-2ubuntu1 in yakkety-proposed be pulled out ?

 15:18 <slangasek> caribou: to what end? you just need to upload another version, which ought to be a higher version number, I think

 15:19 <caribou> slangasek: wasn't sure it would override the one already in -proposed

 15:19 <slangasek> caribou: if you try to use a lower version number it would be rejected

 15:19 <slangasek> so add the other changes as a delta on top of the merge?

 15:20 <caribou> slangasek: ok, will review the delta b/w both

 15:22 <slangasek> [TOPIC] AOB

 15:22 <slangasek> anything else today?

 15:22 <slangasek> I assume, with two weeks until release, everyone is furiously cleaning out -proposed and helping resolve build failures

 15:24 <barry> slangasek: take the sound of crickets as a resounding "yes!"

 15:24 <slangasek> quite

 15:24 <slangasek> :)

 15:24 <slangasek> or maybe you've all just deadlocked your systemds

 15:24 <slangasek> either way

 15:24 <slangasek> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)