== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting: Community Council Checkins, 07 Apr at 17:28 &mdash; 18:13 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2016/ubuntu-meeting.2016-04-07-17.28.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Kubuntu Council checkin ===
The discussion about "Kubuntu Council checkin" started at 17:32.


=== Ubuntu Membership Board checkin ===
The discussion about "Ubuntu Membership Board checkin" started at 17:56.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * mhall119 (61)
 * sgclark (33)
 * Kilos (27)
 * ovidiu-florin (18)
 * marcoceppi (8)
 * meetingology (4)
 * ogra_ (2)



== Full Log ==


 17:28 <mhall119> #startmeeting Community Council Checkins

 17:28 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Apr  7 17:28:32 2016 UTC.  The chair is mhall119. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 17:28 <meetingology> 

 17:28 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 17:29 <mhall119> czajkowski marcoceppi hggdh sgclark meeting

 17:29 <sgclark> present

 17:29 <mhall119> hi valorie, anyone else from Kubuntu here?

 17:29 <marcoceppi> o/

 17:29 <sgclark> well technically I am on vacation , so I forgive myself for forgetting lol

 17:30 <mhall119> ahoneybun yofel are either of you around?

 17:31 <mhall119> sgclark: you're on IRC too much for vacation :)

 17:31 <sgclark> yeah I know. I get the dirty looks from family

 17:32 <mhall119> so we don't have a specific topic for this meeting, it's mostly so that we can checkin and see (A) how things are running in Kubuntu and (B) if there is anything the CC can do to help or improve things

 17:32 <mhall119> #topic Kubuntu Council checkin

 17:33 <mhall119> valorie: yofel ahoneybun have you had any new Kubuntu Members apply during the last development cycle?

 17:34 <ovidiu-florin> hello world

 17:34 <mhall119> hey ovidiu-florin

 17:34 <mhall119> #chair marcoceppi sgclark

 17:34 <meetingology> Current chairs: marcoceppi mhall119 sgclark

 17:34 * sgclark puts on kubuntu hat . clivejo is our super awesome new member

 17:35 * sgclark puts on ucc hat

 17:35 <mhall119> I've seen him doing a lot, very cool

 17:36 <mhall119> how is the general interest and motivational levels within Kubuntu, are they starting to come back?

 17:36 * ogra_ wonders if these kubuntu hats are made out of plasma

 17:36 * sgclark giggles

 17:36 <ogra_> :)

 17:37 <ovidiu-florin> interest fluctuates as far as I can see

 17:37 * sgclark puts on kubuntu hat

 17:37 <sgclark> I think we can go somewhere with the packaging parties, but alas we are few and only volunteers with limited time.

 17:38 <sgclark> so it is difficult to keep up the momentum

 17:38 * sgclark puts on ucc hat

 17:38 <mhall119> between the Kubuntu podcast and Kubuntu parties, it seems there is more social and community activity happening

 17:38 <ovidiu-florin> and the support channel is very active

 17:39 <mhall119> is there anything the CC can do to help promote Kubuntu, either through governance or outreach?

 17:39 <ovidiu-florin> are there representatives here from other flavors?

 17:40 <mhall119> ovidiu-florin: not today, only Kubuntu was on the schedule

 17:40 <ovidiu-florin> ok, thanks

 17:40 <mhall119> well, there might be, but not specifically for this

 17:40 <sgclark> Yeah think the packaging parties needs to be an *buntu overall activity

 17:40 <ovidiu-florin> maybe some unification for the packages

 17:40 <sgclark> would be beneficial to everyone

 17:40 <ovidiu-florin> documentation and work

 17:41 <mhall119> sgclark: how did the packaging party work? was it all online?

 17:41 <ovidiu-florin> there was discussion at some point about moving the ubuntu wiki from moin moin to mediawiki. Did that happen?

 17:41 <mhall119> ovidiu-florin: specifically which packages?

 17:41 <sgclark> well it is still a WIP, we are experimenting

 17:42 <mhall119> ovidiu-florin: no, we implemented some stop-gap measures to keep moin running for the short term

 17:42 <mhall119> long-term plans for the wiki are still being discussed, and I think waiting for information from IS

 17:43 <sgclark> mhall119: but yes it is all online. we tried hangouts but they were too limited. So now we are playing with Big blue button

 17:44 <mhall119> sgclark: we can coordinate a wider community participation, is there another one scheduled already?

 17:44 <sgclark> and as far as package ovidiu-florin the only way we will survive without a massive jump in contributors is syncing most to debian.

 17:44 <sgclark> mhall119: yeah I will have to get that date for you.

 17:45 <ovidiu-florin> perhaps sgclark can correct me if I'm wrong, but our pagaging documentation right now, and also the workflow/pipeline are kind of scattered, and it's particularly dificult for newcommers to get involved

 17:45 <mhall119> thanks sgclark

 17:45 <sgclark> ovidiu-florin: that will change when we move back to launchpad.

 17:45 <mhall119> ovidiu-florin: you mean http://packaging.ubuntu.com/ ?

 17:45 <mhall119> or does Kubuntu have separate packaging docs

 17:46 <sgclark> mhall119: we are on debian git atm, there is nothing the wider community can do right now..

 17:46 <mhall119> ok

 17:46 <ovidiu-florin> they can send patches via email....

 17:46 <sgclark> that will change though. and when that happens we can come back to this.

 17:46 <ovidiu-florin> and wait

 17:47 <mhall119> ok, can you also get the community team at canonical involved?

 17:47 <mhall119> we can all three take on different parts of this

 17:47 <ovidiu-florin> sgclark: I'm interested in how is the migration back to launchpad going. Can you tell me more about it? pelase :D

 17:48 <mhall119> is there anyone from the Membership Board here? If so, we can move the kubuntu discussions to another channel or email

 17:48 <sgclark> ovidiu-florin: I thought yofel was going to do it. Clearly a team meeting is in order, but he has been super busy with life and stuff. Again we are back to a handful of volunteers trying to do a full time team job.

 17:49 <sgclark> yeah we are getting off track, sorry

 17:49 <mhall119> sgclark: no, just short on time because we started so late

 17:49 * ovidiu-florin is unsure now what the track is

 17:50 <mhall119> if there's nobody from the membership board here for their meeting, we can use the rest of the time for kubuntu

 17:50 <ovidiu-florin> mhall119: are you the only one here from the UCC? or the others are very very silent?

 17:50 * sgclark is on the ucc

 17:50 <mhall119> ovidiu-florin: sgclark is here and on vacation at the same time

 17:50 <mhall119> in some kind of quantum super-position

 17:51 * sgclark giggles

 17:51 <mhall119> marcoceppi is here too, but I suspect also busy with work stuff

 17:51 * ovidiu-florin doesn't like that sgclark doesn't rest properly

 17:51 <marcoceppi> hello!

 17:51 <marcoceppi> I can invite a few more members

 17:51 <sgclark> ovidiu-florin: in short, the dev side of things for Kubuntu still needs a ton of work.

 17:51 <mhall119> marcoceppi: are you here for the membership board?

 17:51 <marcoceppi> I am now

 17:52 <mhall119> marcoceppi: ok, let's wrap up the kubuntu topic first and then we'll pick up the membership board

 17:52 <marcoceppi> mhall119: sounds good

 17:52 * sgclark puts back on ucc hat

 17:52 <mhall119> sgclark: ovidiu-florin: let's keep in touch about hosting a community-wide packaging party

 17:52 * marcoceppi shuffles through hats

 17:53 <sgclark> mhall119: sounds good, I will start an email thread.

 17:53 <mhall119> and then if there's anything we can do to help with the Launchpad transition, let us know, but I suspect that's going to be more technical than the CC usually gets involved in

 17:53 <ovidiu-florin> mhall119: anyone interested can join our next kubuntu party

 17:53 <mhall119> ovidiu-florin: when is it?

 17:54 <mhall119> Apr 15, right?

 17:54 <ovidiu-florin> mhall119: https://plus.google.com/events/cd5cm4806f1sp8mc7gkasvv971o?authkey=CJ3YqNSWhK6rCg

 17:54 <ovidiu-florin> timezone rezolved, that way :P

 17:55 <mhall119> ovidiu-florin: I can attend some of it

 17:55 <mhall119> ok, thanks Kubuntu team!

 17:56 <mhall119> #topic Ubuntu Membership Board checkin

 17:56 <mhall119> alright marcoceppi, got your membership board hat?

 17:56 <Kilos> o/

 17:57 <mhall119> so we only have a few minutes, apologies again for us forgetting about this meeting and starting late

 17:57 <mhall119> how have the membership applications been over the last cycle? Are they increasing,decreasing, holding steady?

 17:57 <Kilos> holding steady imo

 17:58 <Kilos> 2 applicants for tonights meeting in 2 hours time

 17:58 <mhall119> are they getting good support and testimonials from exiting members?

 17:59 <Kilos> i still need to check the second applicants info but first one is fine

 18:00 <Kilos> and belkinsa have voted via email already as she cant make it tonight

 18:00 <Kilos> s/have/has

 18:00 <mhall119> are there any obstacles people are facing? Or reasons that might be keeping qualified people from applying?

 18:01 <Kilos> i think everything is working well mhall119 except for peeps applying from areas where the locos are kinda dead or moved to facebook

 18:02 <Kilos> belkinsa and i are working out way through them slowly

 18:02 <mhall119> locos moved to facebook, or the people have?

 18:02 <Kilos> places like bangladesh get free FB so everyone flocked there

 18:03 <Kilos> the people

 18:03 <Kilos> sorry

 18:03 <mhall119> and is that making it difficult to verify somebody's activity?

 18:04 <Kilos> we just struggled to get the leader to return to irc and now he is there daily and will apply for reverification as soon as he has sorted all info on what they have been doing on facebook

 18:04 <Kilos> virtually same support irc gives just on facebook

 18:05 <Kilos> peeps seem to be addicted to fb

 18:05 <sgclark> yes and that seems a reasonable end user outreach platform

 18:06 <mhall119> yeah, and I think we should accomodate FB activity as much as possible

 18:06 <sgclark> yes

 18:06 <sgclark> not everyone likes irc

 18:06 <Kilos> they are 30 strong on fb

 18:06 <Kilos> 340 sorry

 18:06 <sgclark> impressive

 18:06 <Kilos> so very strong

 18:06 <mhall119> yeah, definitely can't ignore that

 18:06 <mhall119> Kilos: so what is the difficult the membership board is facing because of this?

 18:07 <Kilos> no difficulty from the boards side

 18:07 <mhall119> oh, ok, I misunderstood you earlier then

 18:08 <mhall119> is there anything the CC can do for the board? Either with Facebook activity or otherwise?

 18:08 <Kilos> just the last applicant tried to apply the traditional way without and support or guidance

 18:08 <mhall119> Kilos: oh, I see

 18:08 <Kilos> there were many applicants that had been waiting for up to 2 years to be approved but no one checked LP

 18:08 <Kilos> now thats sorted

 18:09 <sgclark> lp does not notify?

 18:09 <mhall119> that's good

 18:10 <Kilos> i dont think the membership board is having any problems

 18:11 <Kilos> marcoceppi ??

 18:11 <Kilos> we have just added helping the loco council to revive locos

 18:11 <marcoceppi> Kilos: I don't think so either, some language barriers at time

 18:12 <marcoceppi> but nothing major

 18:12 <mhall119> Kilos: I'm happy to hear that you're working with the LC, locos can use all the help we can give them

 18:12 <Kilos> my pleasure

 18:12 <sgclark> yes, thank you

 18:12 <mhall119> thank you Kilos and marcoceppi

 18:13 <mhall119> and thanks again to the Kubuntu council

 18:13 <Kilos> ty guys

 18:13 <mhall119> if you need us for anything else, you know where to find us :)

 18:13 <sgclark> thanks everyone!

 18:13 <Kilos> yes thanks

 18:13 <mhall119> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)