== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 21 Jan at 16:01 &mdash; 16:28 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2016/ubuntu-meeting.2016-01-21-16.01.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning round ===
The discussion about "Lightning round" started at 16:02.


=== AOB ===
The discussion about "AOB" started at 16:19.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * slangasek (38)
 * pitti (25)
 * sil2100 (23)
 * xnox (20)
 * robru (16)
 * caribou (16)
 * doko (15)
 * tdaitx (14)
 * ubottu (13)
 * cyphermox (11)
 * bdmurray (9)
 * barry (5)
 * chiluk (4)
 * meetingology (3)



== Full Log ==


 16:01 <slangasek> #startmeeting

 16:01 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Jan 21 16:01:43 2016 UTC.  The chair is slangasek. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:01 <meetingology> 

 16:01 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 16:02 <slangasek> [TOPIC] Lightning round

 16:02 <slangasek> $ echo $(shuf -e barry doko bdmurray slangasek caribou infinity sil2100 robru cyphermox pitti tdaitx xnox chiluk)

 16:02 <slangasek> barry caribou xnox bdmurray sil2100 pitti infinity chiluk doko cyphermox slangasek robru tdaitx

 16:02 <barry> win!

 16:02 <barry> debuntu: debian bug #806824 (split libpeas for py2/py3 - waiting on debian gnome maintainers to comment); dirtbike (itp: debian bug #811110); pip 7.1.2 (ongoing)

 16:02 <ubottu> Debian bug 806824 in src:libpeas "libpeas: Split Python 2 and 3 support" [Wishlist,Open] http://bugs.debian.org/806824

 16:03 <ubottu> Debian bug 811110 in wnpp "ITP: dirtbike -- convert installed Python packages to wheels" [Wishlist,Open] http://bugs.debian.org/811110

 16:03 <barry> virtual sprint: working on various debci/autopkgtest.u.c tasks (e.g. retry server; LP: #1519894)

 16:03 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1519894 in Auto Package Testing "add JSON output for queued and running tests" [Wishlist,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1519894

 16:03 <barry> other: booked pycon 2016 trip.

 16:03 <barry> --done--

 16:03 <caribou> Bugfix:

 16:03 <caribou> - rsyslog fails to start under upstart : Provided workaround

 16:03 <caribou> - DMB : Voted +4 for Core Dev Rights

 16:03 <caribou> - LP #1532146 - initramfs-tools nvme support

 16:03 <caribou> apw is preparing upload

 16:03 <caribou> - LP #1528101 - vm.min_free_kbytes crash issues

 16:03 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1532146 in initramfs-tools (Ubuntu) "update-initramfs fails for MODULES=dep when root is on nvme device" [Medium,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1532146

 16:03 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1528101 in linux (Ubuntu) "ISST-LTE: kdump failed: second kernel booting hangs after /scripts/init-bottom when large min_free_kbytes value being set" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1528101

 16:04 <bdmurray> caribou: congrats!

 16:04 <caribou> - LP #1534106 - rsyslog segfault with juju

 16:04 <caribou> - LP #1535898 - multipath-tools segfault on Precise

 16:04 <caribou> cyphermox identified potential fix. User is testing

 16:04 <caribou> - Nut merge : Need to revisit changelog once again

 16:04 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1534106 in rsyslog (Ubuntu) "rsyslogd crashed with SIGSEGV with juju-local configuration" [Undecided,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1534106

 16:04 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1535898 in multipath-tools (Ubuntu Precise) "Trusty & Vivid multipath-tools (multipathd) seg-fault core dump" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1535898

 16:04 <sil2100> caribou: congratulations!

 16:04 <caribou> Project:

 16:04 <caribou> - clvm/dlm supportability

 16:04 <caribou> clvm to be demoted to Universe for 16.04

 16:04 <caribou> bdmurray: sil2100: thanks!

 16:04 <caribou> ☑ Done

 16:04 <tdaitx> caribou, sweet! congrats! =)

 16:04 <xnox> applied branding to zipl-installer, ubuntu-cdimage

 16:04 <xnox> tought cloud-utils about s390x

 16:04 <xnox> fixed a few FTBFS for golang 1.6

 16:04 <xnox> validated that lxd, docker.io

 16:04 <xnox> resolved a few raised question, raised my own questions and got answers for them

 16:04 <xnox> fought with simplestreams, and got them to work somewhat (report to follow)

 16:05 <xnox> discussed image testing with CPC

 16:05 <xnox> discussed image installation with a few people -> i have an action plan

 16:05 <xnox> trying to find a place where to publish things with #is

 16:05 <xnox> libica is waiting in new

 16:05 <xnox> EOF

 16:05 <xnox> * also branding for d-i

 16:05 <bdmurray> tested staging update of daisy code (good)

 16:05 <xnox> * lxd, docker.io... work correctly

 16:05 <bdmurray> uploaded xenial fix for app-install-data-partner bug LP: #1531194

 16:05 <bdmurray> investigation into ubuntu-release-upgrader test failure

 16:05 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1531194 in app-install-data-partner (Ubuntu Xenial) "13.04 "raring-partner" channel included in 14.04/15.04/15.10/16.04" [Low,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1531194

 16:05 <bdmurray> investigation into dist-upgrade failure from T to V

 16:05 <slangasek> caribou: indeed, congrats!

 16:05 <bdmurray> virtual sprint regarding proposed migration                                                                                                               modified debci title pages to more informative to make browser history better

 16:05 <caribou> tdaitx: slangasek: thank you

 16:05 <bdmurray> modified debci not to use the rabbitmq management plugin

 16:05 <bdmurray> modified proposed-migration deployment scripts to not setup management plugin

 16:05 <bdmurray> ✔ done

 16:06 <sil2100> - Landing team work, silo coordination, preparing landing e-mails

 16:06 <sil2100> - RTM Status meetings

 16:06 <sil2100> - system-image code cleanup, more testing

 16:06 <sil2100> - Writing up a few additional utility tools to the landing-team-tools

 16:06 <sil2100> - OTA-9: * Landing coordination, helping in verifying some issues * Snapshot preparation in the stable-snapshot, image copies and tagging * Re-spinning candidate images with missing fixes and language-packs

 16:06 <sil2100> - xenial - vivid-overlay delta: * Documented findings, e-mail sent to team leads * Started poking individual upstreams about shrinking the delta

 16:06 <sil2100> - Poked kernel team about the missing ppp-modules for s390x

 16:06 <sil2100> - Merged isdnutils to further unblock ppp - all migrated

 16:06 <sil2100> - Filling RT for access to macquarie

 16:06 <sil2100> - Plans regarding future touch hardware enablement

 16:06 <sil2100> - Packaging reviews for dual-landing-enablement merges

 16:06 <sil2100> (done)

 16:06 <sil2100> Uh, some newlines got truncated, oh well

 16:06 <pitti> ]autopkgtest:

 16:06 <pitti> - Fix implementation of rw-build-tree (#1535234)

 16:06 <pitti> - Get the right source package version with apt pinning for linux

 16:06 <pitti> - Make deployment work with juju-local, Canonistack and null runner, for easy local testing

 16:06 <pitti> - Further debug arm64 breakage in scalingstack (#1531768), ongoing

 16:06 <pitti> - Help didrocks with running ubuntu-make upstream tests on autopkgtest CI

 16:06 <pitti> proposed-migration sprint: since Tuesday, still ongoing until tonight; see http://pad.ubuntu.com/autopkgtest-sprint, will blog about results tomorrow

 16:06 <pitti> distro:

 16:06 <pitti> - merge debhelper, sort out dbgsym fallout (#1535949)

 16:06 <pitti> - libvirt: Don't stop guests during upgrade (#1533839)

 16:06 <pitti> - Debug juju-local failure after reboot, file #1536522

 16:06 <pitti> - Fix user lxc containers on wily with xenial kernel (#1533833)

 16:06 <pitti> - postgresql-9.5 transition, finished now (a few unmaintained modules demoted into -proposed)

 16:06 <pitti> END

 16:07 <xnox> infinity is out.

 16:07 <xnox> chiluk,

 16:07 <chiluk> Mostly distracted with non-public issues.

 16:07 <chiluk> LP #1535349 - Have reviewed changes, and working on likely fix.  I expect to find time to do that today.

 16:07 <chiluk> --done--

 16:07 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1535349 in coreutils (Ubuntu Trusty) "`df /dev/sda1` no longer reports information for /dev/sda1" [Medium,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1535349

 16:07 <cyphermox> chiluk: great

 16:08 <chiluk> yeah stuff got busy this week.

 16:08 <doko> - work on two more Linaro GCC regressions, this starts costing time

 16:08 <doko> - work on python3.4 removal

 16:08 <doko> - work on ruby2.1 removal

 16:08 <doko> - pkgbinarymangler fun, introduced by debhelper merge

 16:08 <doko> - ongoing GCC 6 packaging work

 16:08 <doko> - fix some cross toolchain installation errors, recently introduced

 16:08 <doko> - backport a go patch to allow handling of pkg-config directives in gccgo

 16:08 <doko> - work on petsc/slepc/mpich/source-highlight transitions

 16:08 <doko> - merges, sphinx, python-networkx, numpy & co

 16:08 <slangasek> sil2100: ah, glad that ppp migrated (and a kernel with it) :)

 16:08 <doko> - openjdk-9 update, building on all archs

 16:08 <doko> - new swig upstream

 16:08 <doko> (done)

 16:08 <cyphermox> - partman-efi SRUs for bug LP: #1512589

 16:08 <cyphermox> - fixed error with leases file from isc-dhcp merge

 16:08 <cyphermox> - partman-prep SRU for bug LP: #1487365

 16:08 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1512589 in OEM Priority Project trusty "partman-efi should follow partman-auto/disk to reuse the ESP." [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1512589

 16:08 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1487365 in partman-prep (Ubuntu Trusty) "Ubuntu14.04 .3 RAID installation fails on firestone" [Undecided,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1487365

 16:08 <cyphermox> - quickly prepared proposed fix for bug LP: #1318875 since I had some background on it

 16:08 <cyphermox> - investigated some server install preseeding issues for server image QA

 16:08 <cyphermox> - testing multipath-tools update for async device detection

 16:08 <cyphermox> - trying to switch multipath-tools to run multipathd in initramfs.

 16:08 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1318875 in unity-control-center (Ubuntu) "Airplane mode cannot save the previous status after reboot" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1318875

 16:09 <cyphermox> - debugging multipath-tools crashes on precise/trusty with caribou

 16:09 <cyphermox> - MIR review: pyotherside

 16:09 <cyphermox> (done)

 16:09 <tdaitx> doko, did you fix the openjdk 9 build or the update already contained the fix?

 16:10 <sil2100> slangasek: yeah ;) Thanks for poking me quickly when it got stuck after the new kernel upload

 16:10 <sil2100> slangasek: isdnutils was on my list of rdeps but I see it now as marked as 'unneeded' and I can't recall why I marked it so

 16:10 <sil2100> Invalidly

 16:11 <slangasek> * short week, national holiday on Monday

 16:11 <slangasek> * sorting out coverage while I'm out next month

 16:11 <slangasek> * looking at a regression in apt auto-removal of kernels, looks like an upstream apt change (LP: #1440608)

 16:11 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1440608 in apt (Ubuntu) "/etc/kernel/postinst.d/apt-auto-removal wants to remove all kernels except the latest one" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1440608

 16:11 <slangasek> * MP reviews for debian-cd for s390x

 16:11 <slangasek> * merge reviews: nut, golang 1.5

 16:11 <slangasek> * discussions around tpm2.0 support for 16.04

 16:11 <slangasek> * working on the P7 machine deprecation

 16:11 <sil2100> slangasek: while we're at it, what about the removal of unneeded devices from our system-image servers?

 16:12 <robru> lp:britney

 16:12 <robru> * disabled Heidi output to save a few hundred MB of disk space

 16:12 <robru> * started working on a web interface for retrying autopkgtests

 16:12 <robru> lp:bileto

 16:12 <robru> * fix a pile of small bugs

 16:12 <robru> * new /v1/comments API for searching comments

 16:12 <robru> (done)

 16:12 <tdaitx> * Backported OpenJDK 8u71 security patches to OpenJDK 7; package build & tested for Xenial on a private PPA; backports for supported distros for the security team prepared and build locally; dropped after IcedTea 2.6.4 release

 16:12 <tdaitx> * Initial work on backporting OpenJDK 8u71 to OpenJDK 6, talking to Andrew to check how I can help with IcedTea 1.13.10

 16:12 <tdaitx> * Updated OpenJDK 7 from 7u91-2.6.3-3 to 7u95-2.6.4

 16:12 <tdaitx> - Xenial 7u95-2.6.4-0ubuntu1; waiting doko review

 16:12 <tdaitx> - Wily, Vivid, Trusty, and Precise packages build for the security team

 16:12 <sil2100> slangasek: should I just go on and remove manta for instance (with a proper announcement of course)? Pat is +1 on that

 16:12 <tdaitx> - available @ https://launchpad.net/~tdaitx/+archive/ubuntu/openjdk/+packages

 16:12 <tdaitx> * Trying to catch up with the autopkgtest sprint

 16:12 <tdaitx> * Often moving to a coffee shop for some free internet leeching while my ISP struggles to provide any service at all

 16:12 <tdaitx> * Preparing to travel to FOSDEM and a short vacation at Stuttgart afterward; planning fun stuff to do (openjdk stuff, drinking belgian&german beer, exit games, snow shoveling, and whatnot)

 16:12 <tdaitx> (done)

 16:12 <slangasek> sil2100: did you have a list of those from the product side that were agreed already that should be removed? I don't remember

 16:13 * sil2100 likes the new bileto comments API

 16:13 <sil2100> Just need to re-write my scripts to use that

 16:13 <slangasek> robru: a few hundred MB of disk space> is that per silo?  (also, I guess the time saved per run is important)

 16:13 <doko> tdaitx, go ahead

 16:13 <sil2100> slangasek: no official list, we only discussed that on the RTM status meetings and so far agreed on getting rid of manta for now, the rest needs to stay until... well, a certain time

 16:14 <slangasek> sil2100: sure, go ahead with removing manta :)

 16:14 <sil2100> Ok, thanks

 16:15 <slangasek> OK, any questions re: status?

 16:15 <tdaitx> doko, thanks =)

 16:16 <doko> pitti, xnox: will you enable automatic autopkg testing for golang packages? same as for ruby

 16:16 <pitti> I don't plan to write autopkgtests for Go packages

 16:16 <xnox> doko, my plate is a bit full at the moment.

 16:16 <pitti> if someone does, we'll run them of course

 16:16 <xnox> doko, what do you have in mind? dh_auto_test -v ? for them all?

 16:16 <tdaitx> doko, regarding openjdk 9, updating it was enough to fix the build? or did you have to fix it yourself?

 16:17 <xnox> doko, as in, a blanket test (the fancy way to cover a class of tests)

 16:17 <robru> slangasek: no it saves something like 20mb pet silo IIRC

 16:17 <slangasek> robru: ok. any noticeable improvement in britney runtime?

 16:17 <doko> xnox, I haven't looked how ruby is doing it. but now after the sprint there must be a whole lot of experts =)

 16:18 <robru> slangasek: haven't looked that closely yet

 16:18 <xnox> doko, hahahah. note, that i'm not the doctor!

 16:18 <slangasek> ok

 16:19 <slangasek> [TOPIC] AOB

 16:19 <slangasek> anything else today?

 16:21 <robru> slangasek: actually (unscientific) it looks like the per-silo run time of britney is down from 4 minutes to 3 minutes, but it's not clear to me how much of that is attributable to just disabling heidi vs other factors (i highly doubt writing a file takes a full minute)

 16:21 <robru> they were big files though

 16:21 <slangasek> robru: it has to generate the contents of that file, not just write it

 16:21 <slangasek> or did you only eliminate the writing part?

 16:21 <robru> slangasek: nah the contents of the file are still generated and needed, all we disabled was the writing to disk

 16:22 <pitti> we can't eliminiate the internal dicts of sources and binaries, britney needs those

 16:22 <pitti> write_heidi() just dumps those out as text files; not much computation, just lots of data

 16:22 <slangasek> robru, pitti: ahhh ok, I was thinking of update_output instead

 16:22 <slangasek> which is the second processing pass that we should skip

 16:22 <pitti> we already diabled that a while ago

 16:22 <slangasek> ok

 16:22 <slangasek> then nevermind :)

 16:23 <robru> pitti: oh we did?

 16:23 <pitti> robru: yes, you mailed me about it :)

 16:24 <robru> pitti: https://requests.ci-train.ubuntu.com/static/britney/index.txt still shows output.txt. I have no recollection of disabling that.

 16:24 <slangasek> "update_output.txt"

 16:25 <slangasek> ?

 16:25 <pitti> the second-stage installability test

 16:25 <pitti> timestamp: Fri 2015-12-18 16:37:23 +0100

 16:25 <pitti> Skip second-stage upgrade testing if UPGRADE_OUTPUT option is absent or empty

 16:25 <slangasek> hmm, sure enough the output.txt are the update_output files

 16:25 <slangasek> anyway

 16:25 <slangasek> sounds like something we can diagnose out of the meeting

 16:25 <robru> UPGRADE_OUTPUT    = /tmp/britney_output/%(SERIES)/@PPA@/output.txt

 16:25 <slangasek> and it doesn't sound like there's any other business?

 16:25 <robru> ok

 16:26 <pitti> robru: perhaps you didn't drop UPGRADE_OUTPUT?

 16:26 <pitti> ah

 16:26 <slangasek> xnox: just assigned you a bug about reusing a DASD for install, clearly they should just be using ASDF instead

 16:27 <slangasek> robru: right, so you can omit that because it's not needed/used for bileto and just adds extra processing time

 16:27 <xnox> slangasek, i think ASDF is not this https://youtu.be/WTUnwygoFsU

 16:27 <slangasek> (maybe a little, maybe a lot)

 16:27 <slangasek> xnox: ummm ok

 16:28 <slangasek> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)