== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 14 Jan at 16:01 &mdash; 16:42 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2016/ubuntu-meeting.2016-01-14-16.01.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning round ===
The discussion about "Lightning round" started at 16:01.

  * ''LINK:'' https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8YlE_pLwU_0 

=== AOB ===
The discussion about "AOB" started at 16:15.

  * ''LINK:'' http://people.ubuntuwire.org/~wgrant/rebuild-ftbfs-test/test-rebuild-20151218.1-xenial-baseline-xenial.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.ubuntuwire.org/~wgrant/rebuild-ftbfs-test/test-rebuild-20151218.1-xenial-baseline-xenial.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.ubuntuwire.org/~wgrant/rebuild-ftbfs-test/test-rebuild-20151218.1-pie-z-now-xenial.html 



== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * slangasek (61)
 * caribou (34)
 * xnox (30)
 * cyphermox (23)
 * bdmurray (22)
 * sil2100 (20)
 * pitti (18)
 * ubottu (15)
 * doko (13)
 * barry (11)
 * robru (10)
 * tdaitx (8)
 * chiluk (4)
 * meetingology (4)
 * jgrimm (1)
 * Trevinho (1)



== Full Log ==


 16:01 <slangasek> #startmeeting

 16:01 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Jan 14 16:01:42 2016 UTC.  The chair is slangasek. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:01 <meetingology> 

 16:01 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 16:01 <slangasek> [TOPIC] Lightning round

 16:01 <xnox> \o\ \o/ /o/

 16:01 <slangasek> $ echo $(shuf -e barry doko bdmurray slangasek caribou infinity sil2100 robru cyphermox pitti tdaitx xnox chiluk)

 16:01 <slangasek> chiluk tdaitx pitti robru infinity bdmurray slangasek barry doko cyphermox sil2100 caribou xnox

 16:02 <sil2100> Phew

 16:02 * xnox winning

 16:02 <chiluk> guess I'm first..

 16:02 * tdaitx 2nd place!

 16:02 <sil2100> I still have some time to prepare the report...

 16:02 <chiluk> Fixed https://bugs.launchpad.net/maas/+bug/1484696 waiting on upload approval and SRU.

 16:02 <chiluk> Fixed https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/linux/+bug/1527062 Verification TBD.

 16:02 <chiluk> --done--

 16:02 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1484696 in apache2 (Ubuntu) "Unable to connect to: ws://<maas IP>:/MAAS/ws" [High,In progress]

 16:02 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1527062 in linux (Ubuntu) "XFS Deadlock on 4.2+" [High,In progress]

 16:02 <tdaitx> * Sort out freeipmi merge confusion (LP: #1527685)

 16:02 <tdaitx> * Checking OpenJDK 7 candidate patches to upstream

 16:02 <tdaitx> * Backport 8u71 security patches to OpenJDK 7

 16:02 <tdaitx> Next:

 16:02 <tdaitx> * Backport 8u71 security patches to OpenJDK 6

 16:02 <tdaitx> * Provide OpenJDK 7 & 6 with 8u71 security patches to the security team

 16:02 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1527685 in freeipmi (Ubuntu) "Please merge freeipmi 1.4.11-1 (main) from Debian unstable (main)" [Wishlist,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1527685

 16:02 <tdaitx> (done)

 16:02 <pitti> autopkgtest:

 16:02 <pitti> - lots of manual maintenance mostly due to some LXC problems on armhf, and on a juju bug in prodstack; investigated with #juju and IS; nothing worked, re-deployed entire environment

 16:02 <pitti> - improve heuristics of which souce package version to download; not perfect yet (particularly for the kernel), but better for most cases (LP: #1517426)

 16:02 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1517426 in autopkgtest (Ubuntu) "apt-get source the pinned versions, not the latest available ones" [High,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1517426

 16:02 <pitti> - Adjust deployment script to work with juju-local, as preparation for the upcoming virtual sprint and for easier development

 16:02 <pitti> - Attempt to move armhf testing into Scalingstack; first attempt failed due to LP: #1531768, alternative attempt with direct kernel+initrd boot is blocked on some Scalingstack fixes (wgrant was looking into that)

 16:03 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1531768 in linux (Ubuntu) "arm64 kernel and multiple CPUs is unusably slow" [Medium,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1531768

 16:03 <pitti> misc:

 16:03 <pitti> - unstick some packages in -proposed, do some library transitions

 16:03 <pitti> - ongoing: PostgreSQL 9.4 → 9.5 transition

 16:03 <pitti> - apport: fix tests with gcc 6 and some flaky test

 16:03 <pitti> - Help didrocks with running ubuntu-make upstream tests on autopkgtest CI; we found various issues both in the u-make tests and in the infra

 16:03 <pitti> - Fix wrong keyboard layout on console (#1531442)

 16:03 <pitti> (END)

 16:03 <robru> lp:canonical-mojo-specs

 16:03 <robru> * FINALLY got first successful train deployment in mojo CI in over 2 months

 16:03 <robru> lp:bileto

 16:03 <robru> * phase 2 of britney support: gating qa queue on britney approval

 16:03 <robru> * fixed a huge bug in britney configuration that prevented it from identifying regressions (britney was rubberstamping nearly everything as ALWAYSFAIL until today)

 16:03 <robru> * split qa signoff field into lander signoff and qa signoff, hopefully fixing much confusion.

 16:03 <robru> * many minor bug fixes and optimizations.

 16:03 <robru> (done)

 16:04 <slangasek> infinity's not in channel; bdmurray ?

 16:04 <bdmurray> worked on mojo specification on wendigo / devops environment

 16:04 <bdmurray> fixed permissions issue with creating daisy and errors tarballs

 16:04 <bdmurray> investgation into mojo spec failure to install cassandra and tried to work around it

 16:04 <bdmurray> investigation into derived.archive.c.c access failures from the production retracers

 16:04 <bdmurray> updated daisy to remove ddebs entry for ubuntu-rtms

 16:04 <bdmurray> submitted RT to have daisy updated on the retracers

 16:04 <bdmurray> worked with webops regarding upgrading the Error Tracker and charm errors

 16:04 <bdmurray> reverted changes to error tracker charms for precise, created trusty branches

 16:04 <bdmurray> updated ifupdown bug with Stacktrace for seb128 / pitti

 16:04 <bdmurray> investigation into apport not creating a SAS for an ifupdown crash

 16:04 <bdmurray> reported apport bug LP: #1533349 and submitted MP

 16:04 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1533349 in Apport "StacktraceAddressSignature is generated using suboptimal function" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1533349

 16:04 <bdmurray> investigation into release upgrade bug LP: #1497688

 16:04 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1497688 in apt (Ubuntu Trusty) "dmsetup and libdevmapper1.02.1 fail to install, depend on each other" [High,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1497688

 16:04 <bdmurray> upload trusty fix for apt bug LP: #1497688  / LP: #1347721

 16:04 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1347721 in apt (Ubuntu Trusty) "Saucy -> Trusty upgrade failed: procps fails to configure" [High,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1347721

 16:04 <bdmurray> uploaded xenial fix for bug LP: #1517625

 16:04 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1517625 in biosdevname (Ubuntu Wily) "Typo in hooks/biosdevname" [Medium,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1517625

 16:04 <bdmurray> worked on app-install-data-partner bug LP: #1531194

 16:04 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1531194 in app-install-data-partner (Ubuntu Xenial) "13.04 "raring-partner" channel included in 14.04/15.04/15.10/16.04" [Low,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1531194

 16:04 <bdmurray> fixing ubuntu-release-upgrader test failures

 16:04 <bdmurray> reuploaded bzr to Trusty SRU queue to get LaunchpadBugsFixed

 16:04 <bdmurray> reuploaded bzr to the Trusty SRU queue for vincent (ftbfs)

 16:04 <bdmurray> ✔ done

 16:05 * xnox what is mojo?

 16:05 <robru> xnox: you don't want to know

 16:06 <pitti> bdmurray: FWIW, I briefly looked at that, but I can't make sense of that yet

 16:06 <bdmurray> pitti: I'd be happy to talk about it.

 16:06 <barry> https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8YlE_pLwU_0

 16:06 <robru> xnox: in-house bespoke wrapper around juju, it's used to deploy all Canonical cloud services

 16:06 <slangasek> * merges

 16:06 <slangasek> * helped unblock a few packages from -proposed

 16:06 <slangasek> * triaging of IBM Power bug escalations

 16:06 <slangasek> * finishing up golang merge sponsorship this week (LP: #1524165)

 16:07 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1524165 in golang (Ubuntu) "merge with debian" [Wishlist,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1524165

 16:07 <slangasek> (done)

 16:07 <barry> python issue 22995 (regression in pickability tests affecting cython-based packages); testing other issues with python 3.5

 16:07 <barry> LP: #1526613; LP: #1440504

 16:07 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1526613 in python3.5 (Ubuntu) "ftbfs asyncio test failure with 3.5.1-2, used to pass with 3.5.0-2" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1526613

 16:07 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1440504 in libpeas (Ubuntu) "libpeas-1.0-0 depends on both libpython2.7 and libpython3.4" [Medium,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1440504

 16:07 <barry> click-toolbelt review and sponsorship for pindonga (ultimately he chose not to upload it)

 16:07 <barry> pycurl 7.21.5-1 and 7.21.5-1ubuntu1

 16:07 <barry> python3 blueprint ping :)

 16:07 <barry> new dput code reviews

 16:07 <barry> python-virtualenv 13.1.2-1

 16:07 <barry> returning to dirtbike/rewheeling work

 16:07 <barry> --done--

 16:08 <doko> - gcc6 test rebuild finished, evaluated, and filed issues for all ICEs

 16:08 <doko> - gcc-5 test build from the ibm branch

 16:08 <doko> - python update for 22925

 16:08 <doko> - around 20 merges in main

 16:08 <doko> (done)

 16:08 <cyphermox> - back from vacation, catching up

 16:08 <cyphermox> - added MokSBStateRT variable in upstream shim

 16:08 <cyphermox> - dkms update for Secure Boot support.

 16:08 <cyphermox> - completed some outstanding multipath SRUs (herding testers)

 16:08 <cyphermox> - powerpc-ibm-utils SRU

 16:08 <cyphermox> - isc-dhcp merge for 4.3.3, with fix for bug LP: #1186662

 16:08 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1186662 in isc-dhcp (Ubuntu) "isc-dhcp-server fails to renew lease file" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1186662

 16:08 <cyphermox> (fyi, isc-dhcp is in NEW)

 16:08 <cyphermox> - got pulled into a meeting about networking / wifi on phone

 16:08 <cyphermox> - lsvpd, ppc64-diag package updates

 16:08 <cyphermox> - more multipath-tools SRUs/bug fixes to be done this week

 16:09 <cyphermox> (done)

 16:09 <sil2100> - Landing team work, silo coordination, preparing landing e-mails

 16:09 <sil2100> - RTM Status meetings

 16:09 <sil2100> - system-image:

 16:09 <sil2100> * Work on the testability branch

 16:09 <sil2100> - Image manipulation and copies for ubuntu-core

 16:09 <sil2100> - Landing Team tools:

 16:09 <sil2100> * Add the map-image script to the tools, displaying rootfs->number mappings for images

 16:09 <sil2100> * Modify commitlog generation scripts to create symlinks for other touch channels

 16:09 <sil2100> - +1-maintenance:

 16:09 <sil2100> * Merged ppp, network-manager-pptp and fso-gsmd

 16:09 <sil2100> * Briefly looked into the reason why ppp is blocked (ppp-modules for s390x)

 16:09 <sil2100> - Manual imports of custom tarballs for the tarball teams

 16:09 <sil2100> - Writing up a script for analysing the delta between vivid-overlay and xenial

 16:09 <sil2100> * Started interpreting the results

 16:09 <sil2100> - Sync up on current touch device situation and get info for the future

 16:09 <sil2100> - Packaging reviews for dual-landing merges

 16:10 <sil2100> (done)

 16:11 <sil2100> caribou: you're next (if you're around)

 16:11 <caribou> sil2100: I'm hre

 16:11 <caribou> here

 16:11 <caribou> Bugfix :

 16:11 <caribou> - rsyslog fails to start under upstart : More investigation

 16:11 <caribou> - DMB preparation

 16:11 <caribou> - LP1532146 - initramfs-tools nvme support

 16:11 <caribou> - LP1528101 - vm.min_free_kbytes crash issues

 16:11 <caribou> - LP1534106 - rsyslog segfault with juju

 16:11 <caribou> - Nut merge : waiting for sponsor

 16:11 <caribou> Project:

 16:11 <caribou> - Research on clvm/dlm supportability

 16:12 * xnox grins

 16:12 <caribou> ☑ Done

 16:12 <caribou> xnox: I thought you would ;)

 16:12 <xnox> fixed qemu

 16:12 <xnox> fixed cloud-images, tested them on two operating systems

 16:12 <xnox> fixed strace

 16:12 <xnox> fixed procps

 16:12 <xnox> requested fixes for kernel, some are done

 16:12 <xnox> fixed kdevplatform, libmpd, packagekit-qt (bootstrap)

 16:12 <xnox> lsb is now in-sync (debian pro-actively took our remaining delta)

 16:12 <xnox> doing test-rebuilds with golang-go 1.6 beta2

 16:12 <xnox> discussed sever/d-i image automated qa, didn't do actions from that yet

 16:12 <xnox> end of life for David Bowie & Alan Rickman

 16:13 <xnox> ..

 16:13 <slangasek> mmm nut merge

 16:13 <slangasek> it's like faux nutmeg

 16:13 <caribou> :)

 16:14 <cyphermox> oh, chicken milk, yes :)

 16:14 <slangasek> xnox: you worked on their EOL?

 16:14 <caribou> would be nice to touch base about clvm/dlm

 16:14 <caribou> @AOB

 16:14 <meetingology> caribou: Error: "AOB" is not a valid command.

 16:14 <xnox> slangasek, i cannot confirm or deny

 16:14 <slangasek> any questions RE: status?

 16:15 <doko> have a look at the ftbfs for the test rebuild ...

 16:15 <slangasek> [TOPIC] AOB

 16:16 <slangasek> caribou: clvm/dlm?

 16:16 <caribou> well, yes : while clvm is in main, the dlm/libdlm packages are in Universe

 16:16 <caribou> and clvm relies on them

 16:16 <caribou> (aside from the dlm package being broken)

 16:17 <caribou> do we have an official statement or plan of action on supporting a clustering architecture ?

 16:17 <slangasek> caribou: are you asking about for 14.04 or 16.04?

 16:17 <pitti> I think this is ancient, from fabionnes' time

 16:17 <caribou> slangasek: I would say both

 16:17 <xnox> caribou, i see dlm in debian new, i wonder if that's better than our version of dlm.

 16:17 <slangasek> 14.04, from what I can see, is an oversight; nobody reviewed the seeds to make sure that the things in there were things we wanted to support

 16:17 <caribou> 14.04 is broken and if we plan to support it, we should fix it in 16.04

 16:17 <bdmurray> regarding bug 1531194 - Its seems like an obvious fix do I need a test case for it?

 16:17 <ubottu> bug 1531194 in app-install-data-partner (Ubuntu Xenial) "13.04 "raring-partner" channel included in 14.04/15.04/15.10/16.04" [Low,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1531194

 16:17 <pitti> I thought our clusters are being called "clouds"

 16:18 <slangasek> caribou: for 16.04, I think this needs to get out of the seeds

 16:18 <slangasek> however, it's a server team call

 16:18 <xnox> at the time i touched it i remember cluster-agents got deprecated, and like i promoted clvm cause it seemed like the right thing to do.

 16:18 <slangasek> it's in the server seed

 16:18 <caribou> I will talk to the server team about it

 16:18 <caribou> but do we want to have a supported clustering architecture ?

 16:19 <caribou> clustering as in shared storage access in that case

 16:19 <slangasek> that's also a server team decision

 16:19 <caribou> slangasek: ok, will talk to them

 16:19 <slangasek> if the server team tells us the answer is "yes" and that they need our support for it, we will help

 16:19 <slangasek> but we went two years before anyone even noticed clvm was in main and didn't work

 16:19 <caribou> slangasek: true

 16:20 <xnox> slangasek, i wonder if that coincides with working 12.04 and people starting 16.04 migration prep.

 16:20 <xnox> (ie. skip every other LTS, because it over laps)

 16:21 <caribou> I have another "support" question : do we do any kind of test of Unity on the ppc64el architecture ?

 16:21 <slangasek> xnox: the question was raised because of a customer trying to deploy it on 14.04; so no

 16:21 <slangasek> caribou: absolutely not

 16:21 <xnox> caribou, no desktops are support on ppc64el and ubuntu-desktop isn't/shouldn't be part of ppc64el.

 16:21 <slangasek> we support ppc64el for servers only

 16:21 <xnox> slangasek, i think i should drop ubuntu-desktop on unsupported arches.

 16:21 <caribou> ok, that's what I needed to know

 16:21 <xnox> as far as i know it's only really supported on amd64

 16:21 <slangasek> caribou: for packages that are built on ppc64el, they get autopkgtests

 16:22 <caribou> slangasek: thanks!

 16:22 <slangasek> xnox: propose to desktop team? :)

 16:22 <xnox> slangasek, sure.

 16:22 <pitti> unity doesn't have any autopkgtests, just unity8 (and that's alwaysfailed across the board)

 16:23 <xnox> Laney, is it ok to make ubuntu-desktop like Architecutre: i386 amd64 ? or maybe armhf too, as i'm sure unity7 is not supported on anything but x86

 16:23 <caribou> we've seen people try to start Unity on ppc64el with vesa but it fails badly

 16:23 <slangasek> doko: you wanted to talk about test build failures?

 16:23 <Trevinho> unity7 used to work in armhf... Not tried for long time, though

 16:24 <doko> slangasek, no talk, just mention the regressions

 16:24 <xnox> Laney, cause we got a unity7/ppc64el support request, and we're like "no, no no no no" https://youtu.be/31g0YE61PLQ

 16:24 <cyphermox> re: unity7: might some people want powerpc?

 16:25 <slangasek> caribou: IBM has certainly asked about running a desktop; but that's out of scope for our engagement on ppc64el

 16:25 <caribou> xnox: I wouldn't say "support request" but rather "support questino"

 16:25 <slangasek> doko: maybe repaste the link here?

 16:25 <xnox> Trevinho, i'm pretty sure this one time X got updated, and we didn't get new armhf blobs for egl (somewhere) thus unity7 stopped working.

 16:25 <xnox> toshiba AC100 ?!

 16:25 <xnox> ogra_, would remember

 16:25 <doko> http://people.ubuntuwire.org/~wgrant/rebuild-ftbfs-test/test-rebuild-20151218.1-xenial-baseline-xenial.html

 16:25 <slangasek> [LINK] http://people.ubuntuwire.org/~wgrant/rebuild-ftbfs-test/test-rebuild-20151218.1-xenial-baseline-xenial.html

 16:25 <slangasek> doko: thanks :)

 16:26 <slangasek> only 35 build failures in main?  clearly we aren't breaking the release hard enough

 16:27 <slangasek> a lot of familiar names on that list (shim, yaboot).  shim will get updated this cycle (cyphermox) so that'll take care of thato ne

 16:27 <doko> [LINK] http://people.ubuntuwire.org/~wgrant/rebuild-ftbfs-test/test-rebuild-20151218.1-pie-z-now-xenial.html

 16:27 <cyphermox> yup

 16:27 <doko> pie will do that for u s...

 16:28 <slangasek> doko: right, do you have the PIE build test link?

 16:28 <cyphermox> I already had to rebuild shim here to test stuff, and hit the bug, and fixed it with the fix we already have committed

 16:28 <xnox> slangasek, well, things did get fixed since the rebuild =)

 16:28 <slangasek> xnox: which the rebuild status pages track, if so

 16:29 <doko> and 980 packages ftbfs with GCC 6

 16:30 <slangasek> 7 extra build failures in main w/ PIE

 16:30 <slangasek> manageable!

 16:30 <slangasek> btw

 16:30 <slangasek> I had an email conversation with the server team about trying to get caught up on merges before the LTS

 16:30 <slangasek> they're pushing hard to get there

 16:31 <slangasek> but they're short on uploaders

 16:31 <slangasek> so upload sponsorship is going to be key for helping them get through this backlog

 16:31 <cyphermox> I thought I already offered stgraber my services

 16:31 <slangasek> if you have cycles to spare, please send them there

 16:31 <cyphermox> (so he could tell them)

 16:32 <slangasek> cyphermox: not sure if the message got passed, maybe you want to flag rbasak or jgrimm :)  but let's see if we figure out a more systematic way to organize upload sponsorships

 16:32 <cyphermox> yup

 16:32 <cyphermox> sponsoring overview? ;)

 16:33 <slangasek> doko: fewer build failures in universe when turning -pie on? hmmm

 16:33 <slangasek> is the PIE rebuild complete?

 16:33 <jgrimm> thanks slangasek! indeed help with sponsorships and mentoring in general would be greatly appreciated.

 16:34 <caribou> slangasek: jgrimm: isn't that was +1 maintenance was suppose to achieve ?

 16:35 <cyphermox> maybe

 16:35 <cyphermox> caribou: sponsoring things in a timely manner is always an issue though, not limited to +1

 16:35 <slangasek> caribou: +1 maintenance is really the structure of rotating individuals in to work on archive tasks... merges are a minor part of that

 16:35 <cyphermox> people send patches all the time

 16:36 <caribou> slangasek: ah, ok, I understood otherwise

 16:36 <slangasek> ok

 16:36 <cyphermox> +1 maint is probably also sending people down the deep end if they're just starting to upload

 16:37 <slangasek> other business, Monday is a bank holiday here in the US

 16:37 <slangasek> so some of us are off

 16:37 * barry will probably swapday it

 16:37 <slangasek> (either Monday, or a nearby swap day)

 16:37 <doko> slangasek, I hope so ...

 16:38 <doko> slangasek, it's only three archs

 16:38 <slangasek> doko: ahh true

 16:38 <slangasek> looking at the per-arch failures, amd64 increases from 760 to 964 - so indeed, there are more failures there

 16:38 <bdmurray> I'll be out tomorrow instead fwiw

 16:39 <slangasek> ok, anything else today?

 16:40 <pitti> slangasek: vsprint?

 16:40 <slangasek> pitti: will follow up by email on that with details

 16:40 <slangasek> (today)

 16:40 <pitti> slangasek: ah, ok

 16:42 <slangasek> sounds like that's it, then

 16:42 <slangasek> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)