== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 10 Mar at 16:01 &mdash; 16:21 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2016/ubuntu-meeting.2016-03-10-16.01.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== AOB ===
The discussion about "AOB" started at 16:13.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * pitti (48)
 * cyphermox (28)
 * sil2100 (28)
 * caribou (19)
 * ubottu (14)
 * bdmurray (14)
 * barry (13)
 * xnox (11)
 * robru (9)
 * tdaitx (7)
 * chiluk (5)
 * meetingology (3)



== Full Log ==


 16:01 <pitti> #startmeeting

 16:01 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Mar 10 16:01:34 2016 UTC.  The chair is pitti. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:01 <meetingology> 

 16:01 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 16:01 <cyphermox> no i didn't, just line noise

 16:01 <pitti> shuf: cyphermox chiluk barry sil2100 caribou robru pitti bdmurray tdaitx doko infinity xnox slangasek

 16:02 <xnox> ahhh meeting.

 16:02 <cyphermox> is that the result?

 16:02 <pitti> yep

 16:02 <cyphermox> oh!

 16:02 <sil2100> oooh, I see pitti is intruoducing changes to the shuf process

 16:02 <pitti> I was just optimizing away one line..

 16:02 <cyphermox> pitti: you're the one doing things all different, usually slangasek starts by echoing commands!

 16:02 <cyphermox> MIR:

 16:02 <cyphermox> - reviewing python-csscompressor (bug LP: #1554543)

 16:02 <cyphermox> - reviewing python-rcssmin (bug LP: #1554543)

 16:02 <cyphermox> - reviewing python-rjsmin (bug LP: #1554543)

 16:02 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1554543 in python-rjsmin (Ubuntu) "[MIR] python-rcssmin python-rjsmin python-csscompressor" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1554543

 16:03 <cyphermox> xenial:

 16:03 <cyphermox> - NetworkManager update to 1.2 - packaging and testing

 16:03 <cyphermox> - debugging upgrade crash w/ davmor2

 16:03 <cyphermox> - grub2 efi dkms upgrade path

 16:03 <cyphermox> - investigating upgrade bug 1553870 "True" entries in sources (bug LP: #1553870)

 16:03 <ubottu> bug 1553870 in apt-clone (Ubuntu) "apt sources contain "True" entries after upgrade to xenial" [Medium,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1553870

 16:03 <cyphermox> - fixed apt-clone parameters

 16:03 <cyphermox> - merging network-manager-applet with Debian 1.1.91

 16:03 <cyphermox> - network-manager-applet appindicator update

 16:03 <cyphermox> - partman-auto bump /boot size to 512M (bug LP: #1465050)

 16:03 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1465050 in ubiquity (Ubuntu Xenial) "Size of /boot partition is too small" [Undecided,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1465050

 16:03 <cyphermox> - refreshing/updating nm-applet patches

 16:03 <cyphermox> - testing grub2 dkms mokutil code

 16:03 <cyphermox> ±other stuff:

 16:03 <cyphermox> - discuss ubiquity future features w/ seb

 16:03 <cyphermox> - investigating os-prober warnings (bug LP: #1553181)

 16:03 <cyphermox> - packaging tpm2-tools & tpm2-tss

 16:03 <cyphermox> - testing WPA-Enterprise w/ NM 1.2-beta2

 16:03 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1553181 in os-prober (Ubuntu) "ISST-LTE: pVM: warning message showed in dmesg after update-grub" [Undecided,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1553181

 16:03 <cyphermox> - upstreaming debootstrap inrelease support

 16:03 <cyphermox> - upstreaming partman-iscsi/open-iscsi initiatorName fixes

 16:03 <cyphermox> (⚜done ✅)

 16:04 <barry> chiluk: ?

 16:04 <chiluk> ah sorry guys.

 16:05 <pitti> chiluk: want to go later?

 16:05 <pitti> (just pass the baton to barry)

 16:05 <chiluk> still got an upload for bug 1535349 ... still waiting for SRU approval.  Perhaps cyphermox will be able to look at that.

 16:05 <ubottu> bug 1535349 in coreutils (Ubuntu Trusty) "`df /dev/sda1` no longer reports information for /dev/sda1" [Medium,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1535349

 16:05 <cyphermox> chiluk: looking at it right now

 16:05 <chiluk> aside from that, I will be working other things for the next month or so..

 16:06 <chiluk> I'll jump in when I have something to contribute foundationsy..

 16:06 <chiluk> -done-

 16:06 <barry> LP: #1552868; LP: #1554547

 16:06 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1552868 in system-config-printer (Ubuntu) "Demote python3-smbc to a Suggests" [High,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1552868

 16:06 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1554547 in Ubuntu Push Notifications "Replace deprecated Info() method with Information() for system-image-dbus" [Undecided,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1554547

 16:06 <barry> python-pip 8.0.3-3, 8.1.0-1, 8.1.0-2

 16:06 <barry> python-virtualenv 14.0.5+ds-5, 14.0.5+ds-6, 15.0.0+ds-1, 15.0.0+ds-2

 16:06 <barry> python-colorama 0.3.7-1

 16:06 <barry> pycurl 7.43.0-1

 16:06 <barry> patches submitted for python3.5 -m venv (awaiting doko's return)

 16:06 <barry> review https://code.launchpad.net/~xnox/germinate/+git/germinate/+merge/285180

 16:06 <barry> system-image 3.1 boarded the train

 16:06 <pitti> barry: py3-smbc wants to go to universe now, is that ok?

 16:06 <barry> error tracker sprint prep

 16:06 <barry> --done--

 16:07 <sil2100> o/

 16:07 <sil2100> - Crazy week: sickness, new apartment, ISP switches, unboxing stuff

 16:07 <sil2100> - Landing team work, silo coordination, preparing landing e-mails

 16:07 <sil2100> - RTM Status meetings

 16:07 <sil2100> - Manta device deprecation:

 16:07 <sil2100> * Removed manta from our cdimage and livecd-rootfs build scripts

 16:07 <sil2100> * Requested the removal of linux-manta (anyone objecting please comment on LP: #1554145)

 16:07 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1554145 in linux-manta (Ubuntu) "Please remove linux-manta from the archives" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1554145

 16:07 <sil2100> * Informed ubports about the removal plans

 16:07 <sil2100> - Clicks for unreleased frameworks

 16:07 <sil2100> * Meetings about potential solutions, look into a staging store for rc-proposed

 16:07 <barry> pitti: interesting.  let's talk after lightnings

 16:07 <sil2100> * Implementing temporary workaround in click-sync, allowing manual click locking

 16:07 <sil2100> * Look into how hard it would be to slightly snappify clicks to use channels in store

 16:07 <sil2100> - Fixing devel-proposed touch builds

 16:07 <sil2100> - Importing re-spins of OTA-9.5 for frieza

 16:07 <sil2100> - More system-image work on turbo enablement

 16:07 <sil2100> - Getting back to debugging the appmenu-qt5 bug with no-keyboard-shortcuts

 16:07 <sil2100> - Testing and poking on the touch emulator fixes

 16:07 <sil2100> (done)

 16:07 <caribou> Bugfix :

 16:07 <caribou> - Juniper's contrail kernel panic

 16:07 <caribou> Need to forward to Juniper for further analysis

 16:07 <caribou> - mstflint4 package for Trusty/Wily

 16:07 <caribou> Reviewed by infinity. New packages are good to go

 16:07 <caribou> Got a few final question for infinity before uploading xenial's mstflint

 16:08 <caribou> Development work:

 16:08 <caribou> - crash fails on kernel after 4.4

 16:08 <caribou> Uploaded new crash (LP: #1555244)

 16:08 <caribou> - Kernel crash dump Enablement on s390x (LP: #1555159)

 16:08 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1555244 in crash (Ubuntu) "crash fails to load with 4.4+ kernels" [Medium,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1555244

 16:08 <ubottu> Error: Could not gather data from Launchpad for bug #1555159 (https://launchpad.net/bugs/1555159). The error has been logged

 16:08 <caribou> First test successful. Need to enable crashkernel= or

 16:08 <caribou> define it systematically

 16:08 <caribou> - Few sponsored uploads

 16:08 <caribou> A colleague is suggesting to add apport support to containers : LP: #1555698)

 16:08 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1555698 in Apport "Apport doesn't forward crashes on containers." [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1555698

 16:08 <caribou> pitti: you might want to comment on ^^

 16:08 <caribou> ☑ Done

 16:08 <pitti> caribou: done

 16:08 <pitti> caribou: (as of two weeks ago)

 16:08 <robru> lp:bileto ephemeral ppas / jenkins replacement marches on

 16:08 <robru> * started using asyncio coroutines to parallelize source package merges / builds (sped up one test silo build from 66 minutes to 6 minutes)

 16:08 <robru> * got merge-based builds working

 16:08 <robru> * hooked up existing build / upload / diff / swift logic into new architecture

 16:08 <robru> * switched gunicorn3 from synchronous workers to gevent async workers for streaming HTTP requests

 16:08 <robru> * got manual sources working in new architecture

 16:08 <robru> * got dual silos working in new architecture

 16:08 <robru> * implemented cache for generated html files.

 16:08 <robru> (done)

 16:09 <caribou> pitti: got a bug number for this so I can mark this one as dup ?

 16:09 <pitti> caribou: I'll follow up after meeting

 16:09 <caribou> pitti: k

 16:09 <sil2100> robru: \o/

 16:09 <pitti> autopkgtest:

 16:09 <pitti> - Add support for nested QEMU to adt-virt-aqmu (export outer base image into inner QEMU)

 16:09 <pitti> - Add additional CPU information (#1552129)

 16:09 <pitti> - Adjust nova setup script to python-novaclient v2 API to work on xenial (#1552730)

 16:09 <pitti> - Correctly ignore build profiles when running on trusty

 16:09 <pitti> - Discuss more efficient AppArmor handling with click tests with Omer (#1553797)

 16:09 <pitti> - Fix race condition in QEMU runner's connectivity test

 16:09 <pitti> - Keep $ADTTMP in debug shells (#814115)

 16:09 <pitti> - Some small improvements to adt-virt-lxc

 16:09 <pitti> distro:

 16:09 <pitti> - lxc: Investigate another lxc-attach regression (#1553097)

 16:09 <pitti> - merges: init-system-helpers, util-linux

 16:09 <pitti> - systemd: Fix race conditions in boot-and-services test

 16:09 <pitti> - Remove obsolete X.org drivers including fglrx, adjust ubuntu-drivers-common tests

 16:10 <pitti> - Some wxwidgets2.8 and gstreamer0.10 rdepends cleanup

 16:10 <pitti> - spent half a day on process-removals, cleaning (some)/weeping over (way too much) Ubuntu specific cruft

 16:10 <pitti> misc:

 16:10 <pitti> - Discussions/meetings about Juju 1 vs. 2 and mongodb support/packaging in xenial

 16:10 <pitti> - 2 days sick :/ (but mostly well again)

 16:10 <pitti> (done)

 16:10 <bdmurray> worked with webops regarding migration of error tracker to PS4.5

 16:10 <bdmurray> resolved bug with retracer.py handling of the failed queue

 16:10 <bdmurray> mojo spec work (exiting if no cassandra username or password)

 16:10 <bdmurray> discussion with stub regarding dse database

 16:10 <bdmurray> test rebuild of bucket counters on real cassandra database

 16:10 <bdmurray> error tracker sprint preparations

 16:10 <bdmurray> research into / fixed LP: #1551929 (alt CD upgrade)

 16:10 <bdmurray> discussion with mvo re: LP: #1550741

 16:10 <bdmurray> created a vm for running cassandra queries

 16:10 <bdmurray> foundations bug triage

 16:10 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1551929 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu Wily) "Cannot upgrade to 15.10 using alternate AMD64 ISO" [Medium,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1551929

 16:10 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1550741 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu) "Upgrade failed - unauthenticated package (module-init-tools)" [Medium,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1550741

 16:10 <bdmurray> ✔ done

 16:10 <tdaitx> * TCK 7:

 16:10 <tdaitx> - Cleaned up a few runtime errors/failures (agent still failing though)

 16:10 <tdaitx> - Running interactive tests

 16:10 <tdaitx> * TCK 8:

 16:10 <tdaitx> - Starting up tests for OpenJDK 8 in Xenial

 16:10 <tdaitx> (done)

 16:11 <tdaitx> xnox: doko and infinity are out, go ahead

 16:12 <xnox> ack.

 16:12 <xnox> * Uploads: genwqe (new), libica (point release), zfcp-hbaapi(new), fixes - console-setup for s390x - silence bogus things, sosreport enable s390x plugin, cloud-utils SRU s390x arch, a bunch of installer merges for bugfixes (sysconfig, s390-dasd, s390-netdevice, s390-tools)

 16:12 <xnox> * zfcp-hbaapi -> stuck in binary new. AA please review binary new, maybe stgraber?

 16:12 <xnox> * addressed https://code.launchpad.net/~xnox/germinate/+git/germinate/+merge/285180, should be merged? cjwatson?

 16:12 <xnox> * got juju2 fix merged for s390x, still fighting with out of memory with juju2

 16:12 <xnox> * deploying services on s390x, ported percona-galera-3 on s390x (trivial arch fix)

 16:12 <xnox> * s390x autopkgtest stats: 3088/2648 pass (84.65%)

 16:12 <xnox> * s390x product bugs: 44 done + 9 incomplete/invalid out of 78 total

 16:12 <xnox> * preparing for final beta milestone.

 16:12 <xnox> ..

 16:13 <pitti> thanks

 16:13 <pitti> #topic AOB

 16:13 <pitti> sil2100: OOI, how well does the emulator run these days?

 16:14 <pitti> sil2100: it sometimes worked very well, then it had been broken for months due to some broken -gles dependency, etc.

 16:14 <pitti> sil2100: can we at some point make this a primary target for train MPs, to avoid breaking it over and over?

 16:15 <pitti> sil2100: (you mentioned some emulator fixes in your report)

 16:15 <pitti> any other questions, just go

 16:15 <sil2100> pitti: right now it works hm, better, still problematic but at least you can do touch events and open apps

 16:15 <sil2100> pitti: since it was busted completely as the input events were off for mouse, so you couldn't go pass the wizard

 16:16 <bdmurray> pitti: when we were migrating to PS4.5 I noticed some arm64 crashes waiting to retrace.  Would you expect retracing of them to work?

 16:16 <pitti> bdmurray: I never tried so far; the LP retracers don't have an arm64 confnig

 16:16 <sil2100> pitti: we want to start putting more pressure on it once again, but you know how it is, we'd have to put a lot serious work to get it into stable enough state to make it a primary target for MPs

 16:16 <sil2100> And there's so many other devices we need to concentrate on

 16:16 <sil2100> Not enough manpower sadly

 16:16 <pitti> bdmurray: we can add one and see how far it goes, but no idea if that will just create nonsense or something useful

 16:17 <pitti> sil2100: ah; this still appears to be a major hindrance for doing devel work

 16:17 * pitti is seriously missing dual-boot :(

 16:18 <bdmurray> pitti: Okay, I'll rescue the cores from swift so we can test them out.

 16:18 <sil2100> Yeah, right now the recommended answers for devs is: buy a phone

 16:18 <sil2100> ;p

 16:18 <sil2100> Which is a bit sad

 16:19 <pitti> caribou: followed up to bug 1555698

 16:19 <ubottu> bug 1445064 in apport (Ubuntu) "duplicate for #1555698 Re-implement container crash forwarding" [Wishlist,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1445064

 16:19 <caribou> pitti: thanks!

 16:20 <pitti> any other topics/

 16:20 <pitti> ?

 16:20 <pitti> bdmurray: looking forward to the sprint next week (this time healthy, I hope :) )

 16:20 <barry> indeed :)

 16:20 <bdmurray> I don't think we can delay any more since the boss man is coming back.

 16:21 <pitti> PHEAR

 16:21 <pitti> ok, thanks everyone!

 16:21 <pitti> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)