== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 12 Sep at 16:31 &mdash; 16:53 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2016/ubuntu-meeting.2016-09-12-16.31.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting 
=== Weekly stand-up report ===
The discussion about "Weekly stand-up report" started at 16:31.


=== Highlighted packages ===
The discussion about "Highlighted packages" started at 16:50.

  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/blueman.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/liblivemedia.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/svn-workbench.html 

=== Miscellaneous and Questions ===
The discussion about "Miscellaneous and Questions" started at 16:51.

  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/ruby-rest-client.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/efl.html 



== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * tyhicks (44)
 * sarnold (9)
 * mdeslaur (9)
 * sbeattie (7)
 * jjohansen (7)
 * ratliff (6)
 * jdstrand (6)
 * meetingology (3)



== Full Log ==


 16:31 <tyhicks> #startmeeting

 16:31 <meetingology> Meeting started Mon Sep 12 16:31:08 2016 UTC.  The chair is tyhicks. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:31 <meetingology> 

 16:31 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 16:31 <mdeslaur> \o

 16:31 <tyhicks> The meeting agenda can be found at:

 16:31 <tyhicks> [LINK] https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting

 16:31 <tyhicks> [TOPIC] Weekly stand-up report

 16:31 <tyhicks> jdstrand: you're up

 16:31 <jdstrand> hi

 16:32 <jdstrand> last week I got through several review tools updates

 16:33 <jdstrand> I helped with various high priority snappy issues: namespace sharing, browser-support updates, snap run/snap-confine/snap-exec failures, discussions on snap declaratons, etc

 16:34 <jdstrand> this week I plan to pick up the docker interface work, continue helping with namespace sharing and then pickup dbus-app again

 16:34 <jdstrand> I suspect that will consume my week, but if not, I'll move down the list

 16:34 <jdstrand> that's it from me

 16:35 <mdeslaur> I'm in the happy place this week

 16:35 <mdeslaur> I have to play email ketchup today

 16:35 <mdeslaur> I'm working on a webkit2gtk update

 16:35 <mdeslaur> since the update I prepared before going on vacation had a regression

 16:35 <mdeslaur> (I didn't have time to release it)

 16:36 <mdeslaur> I'm also working on mysql updates

 16:36 <mdeslaur> and will go down the CVE list, as usual

 16:36 <mdeslaur> that's it, sbeattie, you're up

 16:36 <sbeattie> I'm on community this week

 16:36 <sbeattie> I'm finishing up openjdk-6 testing

 16:37 <sbeattie> I need to comment on the kernel team's proposed livepatch announcement template

 16:37 <sbeattie> I need to do some apparmor review

 16:37 <sbeattie> And I'll pick up another update this week

 16:38 <sbeattie> that's probably my week. tyhicks?

 16:38 <tyhicks> sbeattie: can we consider the PIE work to be done?

 16:38 <sbeattie> Yeah, mostly.

 16:38 <tyhicks> \o/

 16:38 <tyhicks> I'm in the happy place this week

 16:38 <tyhicks> I've been working on some snap-confine PR reviews

 16:39 <tyhicks> then I need to get back to bringing unix domain socket mediation to 14.04 for snappy

 16:39 <tyhicks> that's it for me

 16:39 <tyhicks> jjohansen: you're up

 16:39 <tyhicks> he may not be around yet

 16:39 <tyhicks> sarnold: go ahead

 16:40 <sarnold> I'm on cve triage this week

 16:40 <sarnold> also doing MIR reviews

 16:41 <sarnold> it'd be nice to not starve apparmor reviews too, but .. the patch series there is huge. :/ I just got to thinking that cboltz's huge rule patchset cleanujp would be nice to have in yaketty, what with him being our best bet for tools support..

 16:42 <tyhicks> it would be a nice thing to have but I don't think it'll end up happening

 16:42 <sarnold> but the ffe and so on doesn't really sound like fun either, assuming that the patches look good

 16:42 <tyhicks> those are a lot of patches to land and, as you point out, the ffe won't be trivial

 16:42 <sarnold> is it worth branching off apparmor -now-?

 16:43 <tyhicks> cutting a release?

 16:43 <sarnold> yeah

 16:43 <tyhicks> tomorrow is the monthly apparmor meeting, right?

 16:43 <sarnold> it doesn't have to be decided now, it's mostly hypothetical until we review the 40-ish patches :)

 16:44 <sarnold> anyway that's me

 16:44 <tyhicks> the meeting should be tomorrow so I think we ought to discuss it there

 16:44 <tyhicks> thanks sarnold

 16:44 <tyhicks> Chris is out

 16:44 <tyhicks> go ahead, ratliff

 16:45 <ratliff> I prepared updates for gdk-pixbuf and python-imaging last week and got them to the 1 yard line.

 16:45 <ratliff> Now I need to push them over the goal.

 16:46 <ratliff> I am also doing some sprint planning work and need to follow up on a percona task from the last sprint.

 16:46 <ratliff> I'll do bug triage this week.

 16:46 <ratliff> and back to you tyhicks

 16:46 <tyhicks> oh, ha

 16:47 <tyhicks> I said that I'm in the happy place for some reason

 16:47 <tyhicks> I'm on bug triage this week

 16:47 <sarnold> wishful thinking? :)

 16:47 <tyhicks> very much so

 16:47 <ratliff> I'm fine with swapping if you want

 16:47 <tyhicks> :)

 16:47 <tyhicks> ratliff: no need to swap, I think the sprint planning will help me out more than bug triage

 16:48 <tyhicks> jjohansen: hey - go ahead now

 16:48 <jjohansen> oky

 16:49 <jjohansen> so I have a few more revisions for little things on the stacking kernel to make, but its looking good and I haven't heard back any complaints.

 16:49 <tyhicks> great to hear :)

 16:49 <jjohansen> I need to finish up with the 4.8 port for the kt

 16:49 <jjohansen> I then can get back to finishing up with gconf

 16:50 <tyhicks> sounds like a nice week

 16:50 <jjohansen> and it seems something to do with an upstream apparmor meeting

 16:50 <jjohansen> :)

 16:50 <tyhicks> :)

 16:50 <jjohansen> that will eat the whole week so I won't even pretend I am going to get to the upstreaming work

 16:50 <tyhicks> [TOPIC] Highlighted packages

 16:50 <tyhicks> The Ubuntu Security team will highlight some community-supported packages that might be good candidates for updating and or triaging. If you would like to help Ubuntu and not sure where to start, this is a great way to do so.

 16:51 <tyhicks> See https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/UpdateProcedures for details and if you have any questions, feel free to ask in #ubuntu-security. To find out other ways of helping out, please see https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/GettingInvolved.

 16:51 <tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/blueman.html

 16:51 <tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/liblivemedia.html

 16:51 <tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/svn-workbench.html

 16:51 <tyhicks> [TOPIC] Miscellaneous and Questions

 16:51 <tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/ruby-rest-client.html

 16:51 <tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/efl.html

 16:51 <tyhicks> Does anyone have any other questions or items to discuss?

 16:53 <tyhicks> jdstrand, mdeslaur, sbeattie, jjohansen, sarnold, ratliff: Thanks!

 16:53 <tyhicks> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)