== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting: DMB 2016-03-28, 28 Mar at 20:10 &mdash; 21:26 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2016/ubuntu-meeting.2016-03-28-20.10.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Review of previous action items ===
The discussion about "Review of previous action items" started at 20:11.


=== Ubuntu Contributing Developer applications ===
The discussion about "Ubuntu Contributing Developer applications" started at 20:13.


=== Ubuntu Core Developer applications ===
The discussion about "Ubuntu Core Developer applications" started at 20:13.

 * '''Michael Hudson-Doyle's application (mwhudson) for core-dev''' (20:14)
  * ''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/XenialXerus/ReleaseSchedule 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/transitions/ 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/phased-updates.html 
  * ''LINK:'' https://launchpad.net/ubuntu/xenial/+queue 
  * ''Vote:'' mwhudson to be granted core-dev (Carried)

=== AOB ===
The discussion about "AOB" started at 21:24.




== Vote results ==

 * [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2016/ubuntu-meeting.2016-03-28-20.10.log.html#154 mwhudson to be granted core-dev]]
  * Motion carried (For/Against/Abstained 4/0/0)
   *  Voters stgraber, micahg, bdmurray, cyphermox



== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * mwhudson (71)
 * stgraber (48)
 * cyphermox (32)
 * meetingology (13)
 * micahg (11)
 * bdmurray (5)
 * doko (2)



== Full Log ==


 20:10 <cyphermox> #startmeeting DMB 2016-03-28

 20:10 <meetingology> Meeting started Mon Mar 28 20:10:15 2016 UTC.  The chair is cyphermox. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 20:10 <meetingology> 

 20:10 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 20:11 <cyphermox> #topic Review of previous action items

 20:11 <cyphermox> any change?

 20:12 <cyphermox> #voters cyphermox stgraber bdmurray micahg

 20:12 <meetingology> Current voters: bdmurray cyphermox micahg stgraber

 20:12 <cyphermox> moving on...

 20:13 <cyphermox> #topic Ubuntu Contributing Developer applications

 20:13 <cyphermox> looks like we don't have slashd around here today; skipping to the next point on agenda

 20:13 <cyphermox> #topic Ubuntu Core Developer applications

 20:14 <cyphermox> #subtopic Michael Hudson-Doyle's application (mwhudson) for core-dev

 20:14 * mwhudson o/

 20:14 <cyphermox> mwhudson: please introduce yourself

 20:14 <mwhudson> hi, i'm a long time canonical employee who has been moving more and into ubuntu dev over the years

 20:15 <mwhudson> i've been de facto maintaining go for the last 6 or 7 months

 20:16 <mwhudson> i'm going to be working on using go shared libraries in the next cycle, which will require touching every package that we want to build into a shared library

 20:16 <mwhudson> which is why i'm applying for core dev rather than ppu, even though i don't have heaps of uploads on varied things yet

 20:17 <mwhudson> .. is that enough? :)

 20:17 <mwhudson> oh yes, i've also applied to maintain go in debian

 20:18 <mwhudson> and have developed a decent relationship with the existing golang maintainers

 20:22 <cyphermox> any DMB members have questions for mwhudson?

 20:22 <cyphermox> stgraber: bdmurray: micahg: ?

 20:23 <cyphermox> mwhudson: how does working on golang qualify you for dealing with all packages in the ubuntu archive?

 20:23 <mwhudson> cyphermox: well, it doesn't, i guess

 20:23 <bdmurray> mwhudson: You seem to be in favor of having all uploads reviewed, would you be looking for people to review your uploads?

 20:23 <mwhudson> cyphermox: surely not all core devs work on all packages?

 20:24 <cyphermox> mwhudson: well, really it's a thinly veiled deeper question ;)

 20:24 <mwhudson> cyphermox: i think my record in other projects should indicate that you don't need to worry about going crazy and doing things un-supervised

 20:24 <mwhudson> bdmurray: for less trivial things, yes

 20:24 <doko> cyphermox, ohh, he's touching gccgo as well ;p

 20:25 <cyphermox> doko: you didn't write a testimonial for mwhudson on his wiki page; are you here to cheer for him? :)

 20:25 <mwhudson> bdmurray: there's a difference between asking for advice/review and asking for sponsorship

 20:25 <bdmurray> doko: You've sponsored some packages for him, do you have an opinion?

 20:25 <mwhudson> bdmurray: in my experience on other projects too

 20:26 <doko> sorry, otp

 20:26 <mwhudson> bdmurray: e.g. getting commit rights to go upstream smoothed things, even though getting stuff reviewed there is easier than getting sponsorship in ubuntu ime

 20:27 <mwhudson> that said, if you want to see more general ubuntu dev from me before granting core dev, i won't be offended!

 20:28 <micahg> stgraber sponsored an upload as well :)

 20:28 <cyphermox> so did I

 20:28 <stgraber> haha, yeah, tiny packaging fix :)

 20:28 <mwhudson> my attempts at getting advocates on my application were not very successful :/

 20:29 <cyphermox> mwhudson: it's not that there's anything wrong with the application per se, every one is different. we're just trying to see if you understand the impact of what you're done so far, and limitations

 20:29 <cyphermox> you have one testimonial from slangasek already, and doko was here too to vouch for you; that's good

 20:30 <cyphermox> (I'm not saying more to not influence the decision of the other DMB members. FWIW, I'm ready to vote)

 20:30 <mwhudson> cyphermox: what do you mean by limitations?

 20:31 <cyphermox> mwhudson: when it's time to ask for review, etc.

 20:31 <mwhudson> ah ok

 20:31 <mwhudson> i think by nature i err on the side of caution there

 20:31 <mwhudson> possibly excessively so :-)

 20:32 <micahg> mwhudson: are you familiar with the release cycle and which type of uploads are appropriate when?

 20:33 <mwhudson> micahg: yes, more or less

 20:34 <mwhudson> as in we are in final freeze now, so all changes to things that are seeded require release team approval, and past beta you need a ffe from a release team for new features

 20:35 <mwhudson> for better or worse i seem to interact with ~ubuntu-release people quite a lot :-)

 20:35 <micahg> do you know where you can find the milestone dates with all the relevant freezes and links to their respective documentation?

 20:36 <mwhudson> on the wiki? i always have to google to find the page though :)

 20:36 <mwhudson> https://wiki.ubuntu.com/XenialXerus/ReleaseSchedule

 20:37 <mwhudson> the stuff i work on tends not to be very user-facing, so i don't know much about the ui freeze/translation stuff

 20:38 <micahg> yeah, googling is fine :)

 20:39 <micahg> but if you notice, feature freeze actually kicks in about a week before the first beta so things can be stabilized

 20:40 <mwhudson> ah yes

 20:40 <stgraber> micahg: when we are in beta freeze or other similar milestone where we're about to put out images, do you know how to check whether a package you're about to upload is affected (and so know when to refrain from uploading)?

 20:40 <mwhudson> i am subscribed (and actually read :-p) to ubuntu-devel-announce

 20:40 <mwhudson> stgraber: assuming that was for me, i use seeded-in-ubuntu

 20:41 <micahg> that was likely an mtcf

 20:41 * micahg made an acronym :)

 20:41 <stgraber> yeah, I sure hope micahg know about it :)

 20:41 <mwhudson> micahg: m tab completion fail?

 20:41 <micahg> multi-tasking tab complete failure

 20:42 <mwhudson> ah

 20:42 <micahg> or should that be mttcf

 20:42 <stgraber> mwhudson: so next cycle while the cdimage team is preparing beta-1, are you fine to upload vlc to the archive?

 20:45 <mwhudson> stgraber: i admit don't entirely understand what seeded-in-ubuntu is telling me here (it's only seeded in the daily images, so maybe it's ok?) so i would certainly ask someone before uploading

 20:46 <stgraber> mwhudson: daily and daily-live specifically mean that it's on an image

 20:46 <stgraber> though I admit my tricky question kinda failed here because mate is now seeding it :)

 20:47 <stgraber> mwhudson: care to take a guess at the same for mythtv? :)

 20:48 <mwhudson> let me guess this is going to depend if mythbuntu is official in some sense

 20:48 <stgraber> haha, not official, but close

 20:48 <mwhudson> i don't *think* mythbuntu is handled by the cdimage team, but i don't know

 20:49 <stgraber> mythbuntu is an official flavour, everything seeded-in-ubuntu tells you is usually right

 20:49 <stgraber> however mythbuntu is an LTS-only flavour

 20:49 <mwhudson> so again, i'd be asking

 20:49 <stgraber> so they do no put out images in non-LTS cycles which means that those packages aren't actually frozen

 20:50 <stgraber> mwhudson: have you ever done a package merge? do you know where to get the list of pending merges?

 20:50 <mwhudson> ah so next cycle it would be ok to upload something mythubuntu-only during freeze, but it would not have been this cycle

 20:50 <mwhudson> stgraber: i have merged golang several times

 20:50 <stgraber> mwhudson: correct

 20:50 <mwhudson> stgraber: merges.ubuntu.com

 20:50 <mwhudson> wait, that's not the list of pending merges i guess

 20:50 <stgraber> mwhudson: cool, are you going to help merging more packages next cycle?

 20:50 <mwhudson> yes

 20:51 <stgraber> it is, the links to the index files can be found in the header

 20:51 <stgraber> cool

 20:51 <stgraber> mwhudson: how about library transitions? can you tell us what's involved with those?

 20:51 <mwhudson> i also have a medium term plan to get rid of the delta for the golang packaging entirely ...

 20:51 <mwhudson> stgraber: as in, new SONAMEs?

 20:52 <stgraber> mwhudson: right

 20:52 <mwhudson> i only know the outlines, that you upload a new lib source package that creates eg libfoo4, then upload (or rebuild) all its deps until nothing reverse-depends on the now nbs libfoo3 package and it can be removed from the archive

 20:53 <mwhudson> i've only watched from the sidelines though, never really been involved

 20:53 <mwhudson> (something that will obviously change a bit with go shared libraries)

 20:54 <stgraber> do you know of the tool we use to track those?

 20:54 <mwhudson> no

 20:55 <mwhudson> i know britney/proposed-migration is involved somewhat, but i don't think you mean that?

 20:55 <stgraber> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/transitions/

 20:55 <stgraber> no, ben ^ lets you track the needed rebuilds

 20:56 <stgraber> there may be circular dependencies and other complications which require several round of uploads

 20:56 * mwhudson bookmarks

 20:57 <mwhudson> not a very interesting point in the cycle to be looking at that page i guess :-)

 20:58 <stgraber> have you ever done SRUs?

 20:58 <mwhudson> yes

 20:58 <mwhudson> mostly for gccgo i think

 20:58 <mwhudson> (so i didn't do the actual packaging, doko did, but i made patches and filed the bugs and did the verification)

 20:58 <stgraber> ok, can you describe the process to me, from upload to the archive to it landing on someone's system?

 20:59 <mwhudson> the upload goes to proposed, the bug gets tagged verification-needed, then once that's changed to verifcation-done and 7 days have passed and britney is happy, it migrates to -updates

 21:00 <mwhudson> and as updates is enabled by default, everyone should get it next time they update

 21:00 <stgraber> just missed two tiny details :)

 21:00 <stgraber> 1) the upload is held in the queue for review by the SRU team

 21:00 <stgraber> 2) not everyone gets updates at the same time, we phase them

 21:01 <stgraber> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/phased-updates.html

 21:01 <mwhudson> ah yes, 1) was totally opaque to me for the longest time

 21:01 <stgraber> do you know where to look at the current queues?

 21:01 <mwhudson> i presume for more user facing things, some staring at errors.ubuntu.com is involved

 21:02 <mwhudson> https://launchpad.net/ubuntu/xenial/+queue

 21:02 <stgraber> cool

 21:02 <stgraber> are you familiar with backports and can you explain how they different from SRUs?

 21:03 <mwhudson> i am loosely familiar, i know the requirements are less stringent about what can get in there, but i don't actually know what the requirements are

 21:03 <stgraber> ok, requirements are typically that they must be changed uploads from the source release they come from (backportpackage does that for you) and that they can't break their reverse dependencies

 21:03 <mwhudson> the key difference from the user's pov is that you only get them if you ask for them, they don't happen to unsuspecting victims

 21:04 <stgraber> cool

 21:04 <stgraber> do you know how packages end up being pulled into main and onto installation media and images?

 21:05 <mwhudson> the latter is to do with seeds and germinate?

 21:05 * mwhudson spots the pun, very very late

 21:05 <stgraber> :)

 21:05 <stgraber> yeah, so does the former

 21:05 <mwhudson> but main is closed under build-depends as well as depends

 21:05 <stgraber> do you know where to find the list of packages which should be promoted or demoted by haven't been yet?

 21:06 <mwhudson> or at least was, or is right now or something

 21:06 <mwhudson> (i know this is changing)

 21:06 <mwhudson> um, i know component-mismatches emails get sent to ubuntu-devel all the time

 21:06 <stgraber> what's changing is whether packages in main can build-depend on packages which aren't (or aren't yet) in main

 21:07 <stgraber> cool, yeah, that's component-mismatches there is also a more comprehensive online report of it with fancy svg and stuff

 21:07 <mwhudson> so yeah, a bit of guessing gets me to http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.html

 21:07 <stgraber> yep, that one and its matching one for the proposed pocket

 21:07 <stgraber> what's needed for a package currently in universe to be moved to main, outside of a friendly archive admin to actually process the move?

 21:08 <mwhudson> a MIR and the security team review that involves

 21:08 <stgraber> ok

 21:08 <stgraber> so we're more than out of time and I think I'm out of questions to ask, anything else the other members may want to ask?

 21:08 <bdmurray> and a package subscriber

 21:08 <mwhudson> oh yes

 21:09 <bdmurray> not me

 21:09 <mwhudson> i am that package subscriber for at least one package :)

 21:09 <stgraber> yeah, that's one of the tick box in the MIR process, I think it may even ask for a team rather than individual subscriber

 21:14 <cyphermox> #vote mwhudson to be granted core-dev

 21:14 <meetingology> Please vote on: mwhudson to be granted core-dev

 21:14 <meetingology> Public votes can be registered by saying +1, +0 or -1 in channel, (for private voting, private message me with 'vote +1/-1/+0 #channelname)

 21:14 <stgraber> +1

 21:14 <meetingology> +1 received from stgraber

 21:14 <bdmurray> +1

 21:14 <meetingology> +1 received from bdmurray

 21:14 <cyphermox> +1

 21:14 <meetingology> +1 received from cyphermox

 21:17 <cyphermox> micahg: ?

 21:21 <micahg> =1

 21:21 <micahg> +1

 21:21 <meetingology> +1 received from micahg

 21:22 <stgraber> mwhudson: congratulations!

 21:22 <mwhudson> woo thanks everyone

 21:23 <stgraber> cyphermox: close the vote and wrap up the meeting?

 21:23 <cyphermox> yep

 21:23 <cyphermox> #endvote

 21:23 <meetingology> Voting ended on: mwhudson to be granted core-dev

 21:23 <meetingology> Votes for:4 Votes against:0 Abstentions:0

 21:23 <meetingology> Motion carried

 21:23 <cyphermox> congrats mwhudson

 21:24 <cyphermox> we're way over time, I think it's time we wrap up this meeting, indeed

 21:24 <cyphermox> #topic AOB

 21:24 <cyphermox> any other things?

 21:24 <stgraber> nope, hopefully we'll have a new DMB soon :)

 21:26 <cyphermox> yeah, we need to finish restaffing.

 21:26 <cyphermox> alright, that's all folks

 21:26 <cyphermox> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)