== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 05 Dec at 16:30 &mdash; 16:42 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2016/ubuntu-meeting.2016-12-05-16.30.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting 
=== Weekly stand-up report ===
The discussion about "Weekly stand-up report" started at 16:31.


=== Highlighted packages ===
The discussion about "Highlighted packages" started at 16:40.

  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/firebird2.5.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/netty-3.9.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/privoxy.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/node-connect.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/libpgf.html 

=== Miscellaneous and Questions ===
The discussion about "Miscellaneous and Questions" started at 16:41.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * tyhicks (31)
 * sarnold (8)
 * jdstrand (8)
 * chrisccoulson (6)
 * mdeslaur (4)
 * ratliff (4)
 * ubottu (3)
 * meetingology (3)



== Full Log ==


 16:30 <tyhicks> #startmeeting

 16:30 <meetingology> Meeting started Mon Dec  5 16:30:56 2016 UTC.  The chair is tyhicks. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:30 <meetingology> 

 16:30 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 16:30 <tyhicks> The meeting agenda can be found at:

 16:31 <tyhicks> [LINK] https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting

 16:31 <mdeslaur> \o

 16:31 <tyhicks> [TOPIC] Weekly stand-up report

 16:31 <tyhicks> jdstrand: you're up

 16:31 <chrisccoulson> hi :)

 16:31 <tyhicks> jdstrand: hey - you're up if you're ready

 16:32 <jdstrand> hey

 16:32 <jdstrand> I didn't get to anything I planned to last week except for review tools updates. Everything else was surrounding PR reviews, --classic, personal, bugs and base declaration updates. as such, this week is pretty much the same as last week:

 16:32 <jdstrand> follow up on dbus-app interface for snappy

 16:32 <jdstrand> snappy reviews

 16:32 <jdstrand> start looking at network-namespace interface

 16:32 <jdstrand> seccomp arg filtering policy as have time

 16:32 <jdstrand> that's it from me

 16:32 <jdstrand> mdeslaur: you're up

 16:33 <mdeslaur> I'm in the happy place this week

 16:33 <mdeslaur> I'm working on nss updates, that's about it as I go on vacation next week except for monday

 16:33 <mdeslaur> next!

 16:33 <tyhicks> I'm in the community role this week

 16:34 <tyhicks> I'm finishing the second part of the seccomp logging changes for snappy

 16:34 <tyhicks> that's the "complain mode" support

 16:34 <tyhicks> I still need to get to some eCryptfs issues

 16:34 <tyhicks> that includes the inode timestamps issue (LP: #1636890) and a crypto api usage issue

 16:34 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1636890 in cloud-initramfs-tools "invalid file times with overlayroot and encrypted home" [Medium,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1636890

 16:35 <tyhicks> that's it for me

 16:35 <tyhicks> jjohansen: are you around?

 16:35 <tyhicks> sarnold: go ahead and we'll circle back if jjohansen gets here

 16:36 <sarnold> I'm on bug triage this week

 16:36 <sarnold> I didn't get much done on non-cve-triage last week, so just replay all that here :) libsmbios mir, starting swift-s3-something mir

 16:36 <sarnold> and I'm pretty sure I'm off friday, so short week

 16:37 <sarnold> that's it for me, chrisccoulson?

 16:37 <tyhicks> sarnold: is there anything left for you to do on that apt bug?

 16:37 <sarnold> tyhicks: oh! I forgot that one..

 16:37 <chrisccoulson> I need to do the oxide 1.19 release this week

 16:37 <sarnold> tyhicks: hopefullly apt has been let into the build queue by now, if it has, then i'll test it.

 16:37 <chrisccoulson> fingers crossed there will be no mozilla updates this week

 16:37 <sarnold> chrisccoulson: heh, didn't you just do one? :)

 16:38 <chrisccoulson> Other than that, I'm currently working on bug 1637190, and I need to do a review too

 16:38 <ubottu> bug 1637190 in Oxide "Add support for customising the context menu in UbuntuWebView" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1637190

 16:38 <chrisccoulson> That's me done

 16:38 <tyhicks> sarnold: it is still in the trusy unapproved queue

 16:38 <chrisccoulson> sarnold, yeah ;)

 16:38 <tyhicks> thanks chrisccoulson

 16:38 <ratliff> I think I'm up

 16:38 <tyhicks> you are :)

 16:39 <ratliff> I'm on CVE triage this week

 16:39 <ratliff> I'm working on a ghostscript regression (LP: #1647276)

 16:39 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1647276 in ghostscript (Ubuntu) "ps2epsi fails after December 01 update" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1647276

 16:40 <ratliff> that is it for me

 16:40 <sarnold> why do I suddenly want a pepsi..?

 16:40 <tyhicks> :)

 16:40 <tyhicks> [TOPIC] Highlighted packages

 16:40 <tyhicks> The Ubuntu Security team will highlight some community-supported packages that might be good candidates for updating and or triaging. If you would like to help Ubuntu and not sure where to start, this is a great way to do so.

 16:40 <tyhicks> See https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/UpdateProcedures for details and if you have any questions, feel free to ask in #ubuntu-security. To find out other ways of helping out, please see https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/GettingInvolved.

 16:41 <tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/firebird2.5.html

 16:41 <tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/netty-3.9.html

 16:41 <tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/privoxy.html

 16:41 <tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/node-connect.html

 16:41 <tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/libpgf.html

 16:41 <tyhicks> [TOPIC] Miscellaneous and Questions

 16:41 <tyhicks> Does anyone have any other questions or items to discuss?

 16:42 <tyhicks> jdstrand, mdeslaur, sarnold, ChrisCoulson, ratliff: Thanks!

 16:42 <tyhicks> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)