== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting: ubuntu-server-team, 05 Apr at 16:01 &mdash; 16:15 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2016/ubuntu-meeting.2016-04-05-16.01.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Review ACTION points from previous meeting ===
The discussion about "Review ACTION points from previous meeting" started at 16:01.


=== Xenial Development ===
The discussion about "Xenial Development" started at 16:03.

  * ''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/XenialXerus/ReleaseSchedule 
 * '''Release Bugs''' (16:04)
  * ''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-w-tracking-bug-tasks.html#ubuntu-server 

=== Server & Cloud Bugs (caribou) ===
The discussion about "Server & Cloud Bugs (caribou)" started at 16:09.


=== Weekly Updates & Questions for the QA Team (matsubara) ===
The discussion about "Weekly Updates & Questions for the QA Team (matsubara)" started at 16:09.


=== Weekly Updates & Questions for the Kernel Team (smb, sforshee, arges) ===
The discussion about "Weekly Updates & Questions for the Kernel Team (smb, sforshee, arges)" started at 16:10.


=== Upcoming Call For Papers ===
The discussion about "Upcoming Call For Papers" started at 16:10.


=== Ubuntu Server Team Events ===
The discussion about "Ubuntu Server Team Events" started at 16:11.


=== Open Discussion ===
The discussion about "Open Discussion" started at 16:11.


=== Announce next meeting date, time and chair ===
The discussion about "Announce next meeting date, time and chair" started at 16:15.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * gaughen (48)
 * teward (20)
 * cpaelzer (13)
 * meetingology (3)
 * caribou (3)
 * matsubara (2)
 * rharper (2)
 * smb (1)



== Full Log ==


 16:01 <gaughen> #startmeeting ubuntu-server-team

 16:01 <meetingology> Meeting started Tue Apr  5 16:01:11 2016 UTC.  The chair is gaughen. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:01 <meetingology> 

 16:01 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 16:01 <rharper> \o

 16:01 <teward> o/

 16:01 <gaughen> #topic Review ACTION points from previous meeting

 16:01 <matsubara> o/

 16:01 <gaughen> two actions points from last week

 16:01 <gaughen> jgrimm to update/clean up blueprint

 16:01 <gaughen> jgrimm-afk, ^^

 16:02 <gaughen> any update on that?

 16:02 <teward> gaughen: he's not here,

 16:02 <teward> gaughen: he's apologized for his absence, per the agenda page - https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ServerTeam/Meeting

 16:02 <gaughen> okay then, it stays on the list for next week. blueprints always needing love.

 16:02 <caribou> o/

 16:02 <gaughen> caribou to investigate if kickin's clamav merge should land

 16:02 <caribou> gaughen: we've decided to postpone until Y

 16:03 <gaughen> k

 16:03 <gaughen> so I'll remove the action item and note the plan.

 16:03 <gaughen> that's it for action items from last week

 16:03 <gaughen> #topic Xenial Development

 16:03 <gaughen> #link https://wiki.ubuntu.com/XenialXerus/ReleaseSchedule

 16:03 <gaughen> Xenial Release is coming!

 16:04 <teward> yes it is!  final freeze is next week

 16:04 <gaughen> thank you teward!

 16:04 <gaughen> #subtopic Release Bugs

 16:04 <gaughen> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-w-tracking-bug-tasks.html#ubuntu-server

 16:04 <cpaelzer> late o/

 16:04 * gaughen gives cpaelzer a look

 16:05 <gaughen> any bugs that we need to touch on?

 16:05 <gaughen> and I guess really the question is - do any of those High bugs need to be resolved for Xenial GA?

 16:05 <cpaelzer> we are still in triaging a lot of things that didn't get a proper look

 16:06 <cpaelzer> and even that goes slow

 16:06 <cpaelzer> so I'd expect http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-w-tracking-bug-tasks.html#ubuntu-server to grow

 16:06 <cpaelzer> part of that is identifying what needs to get in before GA

 16:06 <gaughen> cpaelzer, anything on the list we need to tlak about today?

 16:06 <cpaelzer> not yet

 16:06 <gaughen> k I'll keep going

 16:06 <cpaelzer> it is a team effort and all are overloaded, so go on

 16:07 <teward> got a for-the-record note on nginx in Xenial, if you can give me two minutes under Xenial Devel topic.

 16:07 <teward> (unrelated to current subtopic)

 16:08 <gaughen> anything else worth noting about the upcoming release - teward, cpaelzer,

 16:08 <teward> nginx 1.9.14 was released upstream today; it's on my list to package and try and get it into Xenial.  HTTP/2 support was OK'd by the Security team, so we'll have HTTP/2 in Xenial as we hoped to

 16:08 <cpaelzer> teward: yeah

 16:09 <cpaelzer> great

 16:09 <gaughen> anything else? else I'm moving on

 16:09 <gaughen> #topic Server & Cloud Bugs (caribou)

 16:09 <teward> hopefully nothing else needs landed by FinalFreeze but a version change bump to make it match NGINX Stable version strings, but that's not something i can immediately check on

 16:09 <caribou> gaughen: nothing much, a few sponsored uploads

 16:09 <gaughen> thanks caribou

 16:09 <gaughen> #topic Weekly Updates & Questions for the QA Team (matsubara)

 16:10 <matsubara> gaughen, nothing to report.

 16:10 <gaughen> fabulous. Thanks matsubara

 16:10 <gaughen> #topic Weekly Updates & Questions for the Kernel Team (smb, sforshee, arges)

 16:10 <smb> Nothing to bring up from the kernel side

 16:10 <gaughen> smb, okely dokely

 16:10 <gaughen> thanks!

 16:10 <gaughen> #topic Upcoming Call For Papers

 16:11 <gaughen> anybody know of any noteworthy call for papers?

 16:11 <gaughen> ....

 16:11 <gaughen> #topic Ubuntu Server Team Events

 16:11 <gaughen> Release Party?

 16:11 <gaughen> #topic Open Discussion

 16:12 <gaughen> teward, cpaelzer, rharper, smoser anything else you all want to talk about?

 16:12 <gaughen> it's open mic time

 16:12 <cpaelzer> openMic: how can it be that you lead the meating and it is the first mentioning of a party in months?

 16:12 <teward> heheh

 16:12 <gaughen> ;-) priorities cpaelzer

 16:12 <teward> anyways, Y-series prep for nginx, i'll need assists from the server team and beyond.

 16:12 <rharper> hehe

 16:12 <teward> nginx dynamic module support may roll in from Debian

 16:12 <teward> and there's going to be a hell-storm of tasks for that

 16:13 <gaughen> ooh, a hell-storm. that's pretty damn serious. I like it.

 16:13 <teward> but i'll put a call out on the server ML after Y-series opens and I evaluate what needs merged if anything

 16:13 <cpaelzer> teward: what is it you need then - testing these things?

 16:13 <cpaelzer> or packaging all the plugins

 16:13 <teward> cpaelzer: testing, and help determining what's in main, universe.

 16:13 <cpaelzer> ok, going via the ML sounds like the best start

 16:13 <teward> Security team is going to get a poke from me then, too, I want a review before I actually bring things in, but that's a Y-series-opener task

 16:14 <teward> since i have to followup with Debian anyways

 16:14 <teward> sarnold and rbasak both have been briefed on the upcoming storm for nginx, it's going to be a massive change.

 16:14 <teward> not yet landed in Debian, but it'll be coming in Y-series most likely

 16:14 <teward> again, i'll put out a call for help on the ML then :)

 16:14 <teward> </done>

 16:14 <gaughen> :-)

 16:15 <gaughen> all right then, on to the next and final topic

 16:15 <gaughen> #topic Announce next meeting date, time and chair

 16:15 <gaughen> next week, same time, same place, different chair

 16:15 <gaughen> it's arosales next week!

 16:15 <gaughen> thank you!

 16:15 <gaughen> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)