== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 04 Apr at 16:36 &mdash; 16:54 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2016/ubuntu-meeting.2016-04-04-16.36.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting 
=== Weekly stand-up report ===
The discussion about "Weekly stand-up report" started at 16:36.


=== Highlighted packages ===
The discussion about "Highlighted packages" started at 16:50.

  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/ziproxy.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/nagstamon.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/ruby-rest-client.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/mpack.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/python-soappy.html 

=== Miscellaneous and Questions ===
The discussion about "Miscellaneous and Questions" started at 16:51.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * jdstrand (34)
 * jjohansen (8)
 * mdeslaur (5)
 * sarnold (4)
 * chrisccoulson (4)
 * meetingology (3)
 * ubottu (1)



== Full Log ==


 16:36 <jdstrand> #startmeeting

 16:36 <meetingology> Meeting started Mon Apr  4 16:36:37 2016 UTC.  The chair is jdstrand. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:36 <meetingology> 

 16:36 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 16:36 <jdstrand> The meeting agenda can be found at:

 16:36 <jdstrand> [LINK] https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting

 16:36 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Weekly stand-up report

 16:36 <jdstrand> I'll go first

 16:37 <jdstrand> fix udev db and cgroup handling in the ubuntu-core-launcher

 16:37 <jdstrand> seccomp arg filtering in ubuntu-core-launcher

 16:37 <jdstrand> policy updates for Ubuntu Core 16.04

 16:37 <jdstrand> assisting interfaces transition

 16:37 <jdstrand> snappy on classic policy

 16:37 <jdstrand> mdeslaur: you're up

 16:37 <mdeslaur> I'm on bug triage this week

 16:37 <mdeslaur> I'm going to publish updates for xchat-gnome and libav in a few minutes

 16:37 <mdeslaur> after that, I'll be spending the week on an embargoed issue

 16:37 <mdeslaur> that's it for me

 16:38 <mdeslaur> sbeattie: you're up

 16:40 <jdstrand> let's skip sbeattie for now

 16:41 <jdstrand> I can saw ty hicks is off today, but he'll be working on apparmor landing in 16.04

 16:41 <jdstrand> jjohansen: you're up

 16:41 <jjohansen> so I'll be working on apparmor this week

 16:43 <jjohansen> There are still some bugs in the Xenial 3.5 release to squash, and I need to do a deeper dive into what is needed to support overlayfs

 16:43 <jjohansen> there is also a list of fixes in 3.5 that need to get backported to previous releases

 16:43 <jjohansen> and I need to get a pull release together for upstream

 16:43 <jdstrand> jjohansen: if you haven't already, you might sync with tyhicks re overlayfs-- afaik, it is deprioritized

 16:44 <jjohansen> just some basic fixes, not the big push of the new stuff

 16:45 <jjohansen> jdstrand: yes, this was in response to a question from asac, I'm not saying we are going to do overlayfs work, just have a better understanding of what is left to be done

 16:45 * jdstrand nods

 16:45 <jdstrand> I knew about the question-- I just wasn't sure of the priority relative to the wtacking bug fixes

 16:45 <jjohansen> it looks like the overlayfs side landed most of what we need, I need to play with it some more and figure out the best way on the apparmor end

 16:45 <jdstrand> stacking*

 16:46 <jdstrand> interesting

 16:46 <jjohansen> I think that is it for me, sarnold you are up

 16:47 <sarnold> i'm on community this week; it looks like xerces-x and xml-security-c are at the top of the reviews lane in trello; if those look like I think they look like, that'll probably be it for me for the week

 16:47 <sarnold> it'd be fun to do some apparmor patch reviews too

 16:47 <sarnold> that's it for me, chrisccoulson?

 16:48 <chrisccoulson> I spent some time improving automated tests in Oxide last week. I expect to be carrying on with that this week - I want to add integration tests for vibration, the HTML Screen interface and notifications

 16:48 <chrisccoulson> I also plan to release Oxide 1.13.10

 16:49 <chrisccoulson> Other than that, I'd like to make a start on bug 1547102, but it's a short week for me

 16:49 <ubottu> bug 1547102 in Oxide "Support switching between mobile and desktop scrollbars on converged devices" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1547102

 16:49 <chrisccoulson> That's me done

 16:49 <jdstrand> sarnold: fyi, please sync with tyhicks tomorrow to verify the lane is properly ordered. I know the server time was asking for certain things (might have been those, not sure)

 16:49 <jdstrand> sarnold: but certainly feel free to act on the lane ordering in his absense

 16:50 <jdstrand> absence*

 16:50 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Highlighted packages

 16:50 <sarnold> jdstrand: yeah, I think he mentioned to stgr aber lsat week that the top of the lane ought to be alright

 16:50 <jdstrand> The Ubuntu Security team will highlight some community-supported packages that might be good candidates for updating and or triaging. If you would like to help Ubuntu and not sure where to start, this is a great way to do so.

 16:51 <jdstrand> See https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/UpdateProcedures for details and if you have any questions, feel free to ask in #ubuntu-security. To find out other ways of helping out, please see https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/GettingInvolved.

 16:51 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/ziproxy.html

 16:51 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/nagstamon.html

 16:51 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/ruby-rest-client.html

 16:51 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/mpack.html

 16:51 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/python-soappy.html

 16:51 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Miscellaneous and Questions

 16:51 <jdstrand> Does anyone have any other questions or items to discuss?

 16:54 <jdstrand> mdeslaur, jjohansen, sarnold, ChrisCoulson: thanks!

 16:54 <jdstrand> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)