== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 22 Aug at 16:32 &mdash; 16:58 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2016/ubuntu-meeting.2016-08-22-16.32.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting 
=== Weekly stand-up report ===
The discussion about "Weekly stand-up report" started at 16:32.


=== Highlighted packages ===
The discussion about "Highlighted packages" started at 16:52.

  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/perdition.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/tripleo-image-elements.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/php-mail.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/shellinabox.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/radare2.html 

=== Miscellaneous and Questions ===
The discussion about "Miscellaneous and Questions" started at 16:53.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * tyhicks (39)
 * jdstrand (14)
 * sbeattie (14)
 * mdeslaur (7)
 * chrisccoulson (4)
 * ratliff (3)
 * ubottu (3)
 * meetingology (3)
 * jjohansen (3)



== Full Log ==


 16:32 <tyhicks> #startmeeting

 16:32 <meetingology> Meeting started Mon Aug 22 16:32:14 2016 UTC.  The chair is tyhicks. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:32 <meetingology> 

 16:32 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 16:32 <tyhicks> hi

 16:32 <tyhicks> The meeting agenda can be found at:

 16:32 <tyhicks> [LINK] https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting

 16:32 <tyhicks> [TOPIC] Weekly stand-up report

 16:33 <tyhicks> mdeslaur: go ahead (jd strand is in the middle of a conversation in another channel)

 16:33 <mdeslaur> I'm on cve triage this week

 16:33 <mdeslaur> I am working on libidn updates, if I can get them to build

 16:33 <mdeslaur> and I have harfbuzz updates to test

 16:34 <mdeslaur> I'll be picking something else off the list and I'm leaving for two weeks vacation on friday

 16:34 <mdeslaur> that's it for me

 16:34 <mdeslaur> sbeattie: you're up

 16:34 <sbeattie> mdeslaur: vacation> woo, nice!

 16:34 <mdeslaur> oh, tomorrow I have patch piloting also

 16:34 <sbeattie> I'm in the happy place this week

 16:35 <sbeattie> I have an embargoed issue I'm working on

 16:36 <sbeattie> I have some apparmor upstream work to do (reviews, etc)

 16:36 <sbeattie> I need to get back to looking for pie-related build failures

 16:36 <sbeattie> I'll also try to pick up an update or two this week

 16:37 <sbeattie> that's probably it for me. tyhicks?

 16:38 <tyhicks> I'm on community duty this week

 16:38 <tyhicks> I'll work towards landing a policy adjustment for the fix for bug #1260103

 16:38 <ubottu> bug 1260103 in Canonical System Image "oxide should use an app-specific path for shared memory files" [Medium,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1260103

 16:40 <tyhicks> I need to do some code review around some shim changes

 16:40 <tyhicks> then I really need to get some time to focus on the seccomp logging changes

 16:40 <tyhicks> and maybe do some reviews tools work for squashfs issues

 16:40 * jdstrand can go whenever

 16:41 <tyhicks> go ahead jdstrand

 16:41 <jdstrand> last week was dominated by PR reviews: docker (getting there), udisks2/pluggable-storage (close to landing), fuse (merged), fwupd (getting there), lxd

 16:41 <jdstrand> last week also involved coordinating an investigation and designing how to deal with bug #1611444 for devmode (and a few other things). snappy team assigned to the implementation (which will require review from us)

 16:41 <ubottu> bug 1611444 in Snappy Launcher "Cannot share a namespaces created with 'ip netns' between apps in a devmode SNAP" [Critical,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1611444

 16:41 <jdstrand> I was assigned some new high priority items:

 16:41 <jdstrand> takeover lxd interface and implement lxd-support based on discussions with snappy team

 16:41 <jdstrand> work with desktop team on browser policy

 16:41 <jdstrand> discuss availability of commamds in core to snap interfaces

 16:41 <jdstrand> network-namespace (TBD) interface for allowing snaps to use other network namespaces

 16:41 <jdstrand> A couple of policy bugs came in from high profile stakeholders, so I need to fix those and a handful of other small policy bugs

 16:41 <jdstrand> I'll try to be responsive to the aforementioned PR reviews as best I can, but these highest priority items will backburner some things for a little bit

 16:42 <jdstrand> the dbus-app PR is getting requests again. I'm not going to move to it til I'm through the higher priority cards though unless told otherwise

 16:43 <jdstrand> that's it from me

 16:43 <tyhicks> that sounds like the right approach to me, jdstrand

 16:43 <tyhicks> jjohansen: go ahead

 16:44 <jjohansen> I am going to be spending most of my week on the Linux Security Summit

 16:45 <jjohansen> any other time is going to be spent on bug fixing and upstreaming apparmor

 16:46 <jjohansen> bug 1579135 in particular

 16:46 <ubottu> bug 1579135 in apparmor (Ubuntu) "AppArmor profile reloading causes an intermittent kernel BUG" [Critical,Incomplete] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1579135

 16:47 <tyhicks> thanks for working on that

 16:47 <tyhicks> chrisccoulson: you're up

 16:48 <chrisccoulson> I'm catching up from last week - getting through my email backlog and untangling all of the chromium changes over the last week

 16:49 <chrisccoulson> I'll also probably do firefox 48.0.1, as there's a few bug fixes in that

 16:50 <chrisccoulson> Other than that, I'll be working through oxide bugs as usual

 16:50 <chrisccoulson> I think that's me done

 16:50 <ratliff> I'm shadowing sarnold doing Bug Triage this week

 16:50 <ratliff> Also continuing to work on unity 8 MIRs

 16:50 <ratliff> back to you tyhicks

 16:52 <tyhicks> thanks

 16:52 <tyhicks> [TOPIC] Highlighted packages

 16:52 <tyhicks> The Ubuntu Security team will highlight some community-supported packages that might be good candidates for updating and or triaging. If you would like to help Ubuntu and not sure where to start, this is a great way to do so.

 16:52 <tyhicks> See https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/UpdateProcedures for details and if you have any questions, feel free to ask in #ubuntu-security. To find out other ways of helping out, please see https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/GettingInvolved.

 16:52 <tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/perdition.html

 16:52 <tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/tripleo-image-elements.html

 16:52 <tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/php-mail.html

 16:53 <tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/shellinabox.html

 16:53 <tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/radare2.html

 16:53 <tyhicks> [TOPIC] Miscellaneous and Questions

 16:53 <tyhicks> Does anyone have any other questions or items to discuss?

 16:53 <tyhicks> jdstrand: I wanted to mention that jasper has already been demoted

 16:53 <jdstrand> cool

 16:53 <tyhicks> (you had planned to help me with that once it was time)

 16:53 <jdstrand> thanks

 16:54 <tyhicks> np

 16:54 <sbeattie> Oh, I converted the debian2ubuntu bzr tree to git last night, but kees owns the project so I haven't been able to put it in place as the official branch.

 16:54 <tyhicks> nice

 16:55 <sbeattie> It's at https://code.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-security/debian2ubuntu/+git/debian2ubuntu

 16:55 <tyhicks> sbeattie: has the kernel team started using the QRT git tree?

 16:55 <sbeattie> yeah, bjf moved over this weekend

 16:55 <tyhicks> great

 16:56 <sbeattie> he's still wanting the subproject stuff, to get the download sizes down.

 16:56 <sbeattie> (can't blame him)

 16:56 <tyhicks> agreed

 16:56 <sbeattie> I'm hoping to poke at that in the background.

 16:56 <tyhicks> I have no experience with submodules so I won't be of any help

 16:57 <tyhicks> I'm anxious to see how it works out

 16:57 <tyhicks> but do let me know if there are general git questions that I can help with

 16:58 <sbeattie> Thanks.

 16:58 <tyhicks> jdstrand, mdeslaur, sbeattie, jjohansen, ChrisCoulson, ratliff: Thanks!

 16:58 <tyhicks> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)