== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 06 Jun at 16:31 &mdash; 16:53 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2016/ubuntu-meeting.2016-06-06-16.31.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting 
=== Weekly stand-up report ===
The discussion about "Weekly stand-up report" started at 16:33.


=== Announcements ===
The discussion about "Announcements" started at 16:44.


=== Highlighted packages ===
The discussion about "Highlighted packages" started at 16:47.

  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/batmand.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/node-semver.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/pinpoint.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/mod-gnutls.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/gnugk.html 

=== Miscellaneous and Questions ===
The discussion about "Miscellaneous and Questions" started at 16:48.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * jdstrand (39)
 * sbeattie (10)
 * mdeslaur (7)
 * sarnold (6)
 * teward (5)
 * chrisccoulson (4)
 * ratliff (3)
 * meetingology (3)
 * ubottu (1)



== Full Log ==


 16:31 <jdstrand> #startmeeting

 16:31 <meetingology> Meeting started Mon Jun  6 16:31:44 2016 UTC.  The chair is jdstrand. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:31 <meetingology> 

 16:31 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 16:31 <jdstrand> The meeting agenda can be found at:

 16:31 <jdstrand> [LINK] https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting

 16:32 <jdstrand> I've got an announcement but will wait til the end

 16:33 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Weekly stand-up report

 16:33 <jdstrand> I'll go first

 16:33 <jdstrand> I've got a number of snappy PRs to followup on (gsettings, input methods, etc)

 16:34 <jdstrand> I also have a couple snapd interface reviews (modem-manager and ppp, but expect more)

 16:34 <jdstrand> I have some more to look at with seccomp arg filtering

 16:34 <jdstrand> I also have various snapd interface policy updates and investigations

 16:34 <jdstrand> I also have some review tools updates for snap.yaml changes and a few small bug fixes

 16:35 <jdstrand> if I have time, I'll get started on the docker snappy interface

 16:35 <jdstrand> I think that's it from me

 16:35 <jdstrand> mdeslaur: you're up

 16:35 <mdeslaur> I'm on triage and community duties this week

 16:35 <mdeslaur> I'm about to publish a libxml2 update in a few minutes

 16:35 <mdeslaur> and I'm off wednesday afternoon

 16:35 <mdeslaur> I'll be going down the cve list, as usual after that

 16:36 <mdeslaur> that's it for me, sbeattie?

 16:36 <sbeattie> I've got a short week this week, will be off starting wednesday.

 16:36 <sbeattie> I'm on bug triage while I'm here.

 16:36 <sbeattie> I'm also prepping for the sprint next week

 16:37 <sbeattie> I need to spend some time poking at the kernel cve->lp bugs sync script

 16:38 <sbeattie> I'm continuing to look for build failures in yakkety due to gcc pie

 16:38 <sbeattie> and I'll take a peek at the cve list to see if there's something I can pick up there.

 16:38 <sbeattie> that's probably it for me.

 16:38 <sbeattie> oh right, tyhicks is not here... is jjohansen back yet?

 16:39 <sbeattie> Or maybe we should jump to sarnold.

 16:39 <sarnold> I think I'm in the happy place this week

 16:39 <sarnold> it's a very short week for me, monday and tuesday only

 16:40 <sarnold> I'll be working on some sprint prep and backporting imagemagick patches

 16:40 <sarnold> that's it for me, chrisccoulson?

 16:41 <chrisccoulson> I've got Firefox updates this week, and I'm hoping Chromium will be ready to sponsor. I've just finished Oxide

 16:42 <chrisccoulson> Other than that, I'll be working through oxide bugs as usual

 16:42 <chrisccoulson> I think that's me done

 16:44 <jdstrand> chrisccoulson: 'just finished oxide'-- you mean for USN?

 16:44 <chrisccoulson> jdstrand, yeah

 16:44 <jdstrand> thanks

 16:44 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Announcements

 16:45 <jdstrand> I'd like to announce a couple of changes to the structure of the security team.

 16:45 <jdstrand> After almost 5.5 years as the manager of the security team, I decided it was time for a change. The security team is too awesome to leave so I'm not going far: I will stay on the security team as a generalist focusing on snappy initially and getting back to generalist duties in due course. :)

 16:45 <jdstrand> The other change is that I'd like to extend a warm welcome to Emily Ratliff (ratliff) for joining the Ubuntu Security team as manager and I'll be working with her to ensure a smooth transition. If you don't know Emily already, google her ;) She is very talented and accomplished and we are super-excited to have her join Canonical and the Ubuntu Security team. :)

 16:46 <jdstrand> ratliff: hi! not sure if you have anything to report for this week, but welcome! :)

 16:46 <sbeattie> woot! welcome ratliff!

 16:46 <ratliff> Thank you, jdstrand! I am very excited to be here and looking forward to the sprint next week.

 16:46 <sarnold> welcome aboard ratliff :)

 16:47 <mdeslaur> ratliff: welcome!

 16:47 <ratliff> As my first accomplishment, I have broken SSO. Once IS and I work things out, I will be easier to find, meanwhile I'm here on freenode

 16:47 <jdstrand> hehe

 16:47 <sarnold> excellent :)

 16:47 <ratliff> :-)

 16:47 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Highlighted packages

 16:47 <jdstrand> The Ubuntu Security team will highlight some community-supported packages that might be good candidates for updating and or triaging. If you would like to help Ubuntu and not sure where to start, this is a great way to do so.

 16:47 <jdstrand> See https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/UpdateProcedures for details and if you have any questions, feel free to ask in #ubuntu-security. To find out other ways of helping out, please see https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/GettingInvolved.

 16:47 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/batmand.html

 16:48 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/node-semver.html

 16:48 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/pinpoint.html

 16:48 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/mod-gnutls.html

 16:48 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/gnugk.html

 16:48 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Miscellaneous and Questions

 16:48 <jdstrand> Does anyone have any other questions or items to discuss?

 16:49 <teward> Just want to thank mdeslaur for ACKing the nginx debdiffs, helping get the nginx vulnerability patched rapidly :)

 16:49 <jdstrand> oh

 16:50 <teward> :)

 16:50 <jdstrand> teward: I forgot to put that in the announcement

 16:50 <teward> and to thank the Security Team for a continued job well done :)

 16:50 <jdstrand> Thomas Ward (teward) provided debdiffs for trusty-xenial for nginx (LP: #1587577)

 16:50 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1587577 in nginx (Ubuntu Yakkety) "[CVE-2016-4450] NULL pointer dereference while writing client request body" [Undecided,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1587577

 16:50 <teward> jdstrand: not a problem :)

 16:50 <jdstrand> :)

 16:50 <mdeslaur> teward: thanks for the debdiffs!

 16:51 <jdstrand> teward: thank you for the debdiffs and continuing to care for nginx :)

 16:51 <teward> my pleasure :)

 16:53 <jdstrand> mdeslaur, sbeattie, sarnold, chrisccoulson, ratliff, teward: thanks!

 16:53 <jdstrand> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)