== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 09 May at 16:30 &mdash; 16:55 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2016/ubuntu-meeting.2016-05-09-16.30.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting 
=== Announcements ===
The discussion about "Announcements" started at 16:31.


=== Weekly stand-up report ===
The discussion about "Weekly stand-up report" started at 16:32.


=== Highlighted packages ===
The discussion about "Highlighted packages" started at 16:52.

  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/policycoreutils.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/yubiserver.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/pinpoint.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/sqlite.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/xerces-c.html 

=== Miscellaneous and Questions ===
The discussion about "Miscellaneous and Questions" started at 16:53.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * jdstrand (29)
 * sbeattie (9)
 * jjohansen (8)
 * mdeslaur (6)
 * sarnold (5)
 * chrisccoulson (5)
 * meetingology (3)
 * ubottu (1)



== Full Log ==


 16:30 <jdstrand> #startmeeting

 16:30 <meetingology> Meeting started Mon May  9 16:30:33 2016 UTC.  The chair is jdstrand. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:30 <meetingology> 

 16:30 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 16:30 <jdstrand> The meeting agenda can be found at:

 16:30 <jdstrand> [LINK] https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting

 16:31 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Announcements

 16:32 <jdstrand> Thanks to Otto Kekäläinen for his help on security updates for the community supported mariadb-5.5 last week. Your work is very much appreciated and will keep Ubuntu users secure. Great job! :)

 16:32 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Weekly stand-up report

 16:32 <jdstrand> I'll go first

 16:33 <jdstrand> this week, I'll be working on Touch bluetooth policy, pull requests for new snappy interfaces, landing seccomp arg filtering depending on MP feedback and policy recompiled on snappy for apparmor upgrades

 16:34 <jdstrand> the snappy team is sprinting this week and I'll help as needed with that

 16:34 <jdstrand> I'll work on the docker interface for snappy as have time

 16:35 <jdstrand> fyi, tyhicks is sprinting with the snappy team and may not attend. let's skip him for now but if he shows up give him the floor

 16:35 <jdstrand> mdeslaur: you're up

 16:35 <mdeslaur> I'm on triage and community this week

 16:35 <mdeslaur> I'm about to release some openssh updates

 16:35 <mdeslaur> I'm on patch piloting duty tomorrow

 16:35 <mdeslaur> and I have another samba regression to take care of

 16:36 <mdeslaur> that's about it, perhaps I'll get lucky and will have time to look at some other updates this week

 16:36 <mdeslaur> sbeattie, you're up

 16:36 <sbeattie> I'm on bug triage this week

 16:36 <sbeattie> I'll have some USNs to write for kernel updates in the next day or so

 16:37 <sbeattie> I need to finish up testing the libc updates

 16:37 <sbeattie> I'm working with do ko on getting an updated gcc-4.8 into the trusty-security pocket

 16:38 <sbeattie> oh, and I have an openjdk-6 update to do.

 16:38 <jdstrand> sbeattie: that's a sponsored openjdk-6 update?

 16:38 <sbeattie> jdstrand: yeah, t daitx prepared it

 16:38 * jdstrand nods

 16:39 <sbeattie> I'm also digging into a few more pie-related build failures for yakkety

 16:39 <sbeattie> ... and that will probably consume my week

 16:39 <sbeattie> jjohansen: you want to go next?

 16:40 <jjohansen> sure

 16:40 <jjohansen> I'm working on apparmor

 16:40 <jjohansen> I have a few things to finish up with on the xace investigation, so that others can evaluate it

 16:41 <jjohansen> and then its back to fixing kernel bugs

 16:41 <jjohansen> that is addressing some bugs with apparmor in the kernel

 16:41 <jjohansen> so that stacking can be fully utilized

 16:42 <jjohansen> thats it for me sarnold?

 16:46 <jjohansen> sarnold: you're up

 16:47 <jdstrand> chrisccoulson: why don't you go and sarnold can follow you

 16:48 <chrisccoulson> This week, I've got a firefox update to get out, and also Oxide

 16:48 <chrisccoulson> I also need to fix a build failure with xenial/armhf

 16:49 <chrisccoulson> I plan to get bug 1326697 finished too - part of that involves migrating to git, which I've basically done now

 16:49 <ubottu> bug 1326697 in Oxide "GN (Generate Ninja) is coming" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1326697

 16:49 <chrisccoulson> Oh, I need to do Thunderbird too

 16:49 <chrisccoulson> I think that's me done

 16:50 <jdstrand> sarnold: you're up

 16:50 <sarnold> I'm in the happy place this week.

 16:51 <sarnold> I owe a few emails to different teams as a result of past MIRs, want to work on building my source code searching tool, and will return to MIRs this week

 16:51 <sarnold> and if I feel good about the imagemagick patches along the way, it'd be nice to finally get that tire fire released

 16:52 <sarnold> I see they've been busy in the last week, hopefully they've addressed some of the concerns that have been raised about their ptaches

 16:52 <sarnold> that's it for me, jdstrand back to you?

 16:52 <jdstrand> thanks

 16:52 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Highlighted packages

 16:52 <jdstrand> The Ubuntu Security team will highlight some community-supported packages that might be good candidates for updating and or triaging. If you would like to help Ubuntu and not sure where to start, this is a great way to do so.

 16:52 <jdstrand> See https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/UpdateProcedures for details and if you have any questions, feel free to ask in #ubuntu-security. To find out other ways of helping out, please see https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/GettingInvolved.

 16:52 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/policycoreutils.html

 16:52 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/yubiserver.html

 16:52 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/pinpoint.html

 16:52 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/sqlite.html

 16:52 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/xerces-c.html

 16:53 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Miscellaneous and Questions

 16:53 <jdstrand> Does anyone have any other questions or items to discuss?

 16:55 <jdstrand> mdeslaur, sbeattie, jjohansen, sarnold, chrisccoulson: thanks!

 16:55 <jdstrand> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)