== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 14 Apr at 15:02 &mdash; 15:32 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2016/ubuntu-meeting.2016-04-14-15.02.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning round ===
The discussion about "Lightning round" started at 15:05.


=== AOB ===
The discussion about "AOB" started at 15:19.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * slangasek (48)
 * cyphermox (43)
 * pitti (39)
 * infinity (22)
 * ubottu (20)
 * sil2100 (19)
 * bdmurray (16)
 * tdaitx (14)
 * robru (11)
 * xnox (11)
 * barry (10)
 * chiluk (9)
 * osama (3)
 * meetingology (3)



== Full Log ==


 15:02 <slangasek> #startmeeting

 15:02 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Apr 14 15:02:17 2016 UTC.  The chair is slangasek. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 15:02 <meetingology> 

 15:02 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 15:02 <pitti> cyphermox: piece of birthday cake :)

 15:02 * pitti hands out a piece to everyone

 15:02 <cyphermox> oh cool

 15:02 <cyphermox> but the cake is a lie.

 15:02 <pitti> it's quite real here, I assure you :)

 15:03 <xnox> oooh i have left over cake

 15:03 <barry> hbmp!

 15:03 <slangasek> pitti: your birthday?  the calendar doesn't tell me it's your birthday

 15:04 <slangasek> maybe I need a better calendar instead of trusting G+ to keep me informed ;)

 15:04 <infinity> He didn't say it was his cake.

 15:04 <cyphermox> pitti: best wishes for your birthday

 15:04 <infinity> For all we know, he stole it.

 15:04 <chiluk> pitti it's my birthday as well!

 15:04 <slangasek> infinity: quite possible, hence asking rather than assuming ;)

 15:04 <cyphermox> infinity: he could steal his own birthday cake too.

 15:04 <barry> chiluk: hb!

 15:05 <pitti> chiluk: wow, happy joint birthday then! *clink*

 15:05 <slangasek> pitti, chiluk: happy birthday!

 15:05 <cyphermox> chiluk: happy birthday

 15:05 <sil2100> pitti, chiluk: happy birthday then!

 15:05 <slangasek> [TOPIC] Lightning round

 15:05 <chiluk> that's pretty rate.

 15:05 <chiluk> rare

 15:05 <bdmurray> didn't this happen last year in Austin?

 15:05 <pitti> cheers!

 15:05 <slangasek> $ echo $(shuf -e barry doko bdmurray slangasek caribou infinity sil2100 robru cyphermox pitti tdaitx xnox chiluk)

 15:05 <slangasek> doko chiluk bdmurray slangasek cyphermox barry xnox tdaitx infinity pitti robru sil2100 caribou

 15:05 <pitti> yes, I chalked up my 35th in Austin last year

 15:06 <infinity> Young'un.

 15:06 <slangasek> doko isn't making the meeting, sent his status to list

 15:06 <slangasek> chiluk:

 15:06 <pitti> dholbach got me space ice cream (freeze-dried)

 15:06 <chiluk> lp1567539. Finally got access to some ppc64el hardware, and spent a day rebooting, attempting to dump, and trying again.  Eventually came to the conclusion that crashkernel=2G-4G:320M,4G-32G:512M,32G-64G:1024M,64G-128G:2048M,128G-:4096M@32M is the correct magic line that needs to be added to ppc64el machines.

 15:06 <chiluk> -done-

 15:06 <chiluk> bug 1567539

 15:06 <ubottu> bug 1567539 in makedumpfile (Ubuntu) "Failure to dump with trusty+3.16 on ppc64el" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1567539

 15:06 <pitti> chiluk: that looks totally obvious (... WUT?)

 15:06 <bdmurray> worked with stub to migrate to a consolidated cassandra database

 15:06 <bdmurray> rebuild of bucket versions count on real cassandra (final import finished)

 15:07 <bdmurray> backported python-pycassa fix to precise (Traceback after migration)

 15:07 <bdmurray> tested staging cassandra for DateTime bug (no luck)

 15:07 <bdmurray> reported / verified fix for RT 90484 re: daisy app servers OOPS

 15:07 <bdmurray> uploaded u-r-u and u-m fixes for LP: #1566141 (turn off screensaver)

 15:07 <bdmurray> fixed u-r-u bug LP: #1509655 (conffile dialog)

 15:07 <bdmurray> worked on a fix for LP: #1569233

 15:07 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1566141 in update-manager (Ubuntu) "sleep inhibitor uses deprecated interface" [High,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1566141

 15:07 <bdmurray> investigation into LP: #1530518

 15:07 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1509655 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu Xenial) "release upgrade crashed on custom configuration file dialog" [High,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1509655

 15:07 <bdmurray> package-subscribers modifications for dev release and xz

 15:07 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1569233 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu) "changelogs.ubuntu.com/EOLReleaseAnnouncement missing, causes distro upgrade failure on EOL systems" [Medium,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1569233

 15:07 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1530518 in apt-xapian-index (Ubuntu Xenial) "/etc/cron.weekly/apt-xapian-index reports TypeError" [High,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1530518

 15:07 <slangasek> chiluk: what, you didn't learn that rule in elementary school? 2G-4G:320M,4G-32G:512M,32G-64G:1024M,64G-128G:2048M,128G-:4096M@32M , never 2G-4G:320M,4G-32G:512M,32G-64G:768M,64G-128G:2048M,128G-:4096M@32M

 15:07 <bdmurray> submitted RT re: installing packages on cranberry and snakefruit

 15:07 <bdmurray> upgrader / foundations bug triage

 15:07 <bdmurray> travel arrangements

 15:07 <bdmurray> ✔ done

 15:08 <chiluk> ah I see you changed the value for 32-64g

 15:08 <slangasek> no I would never change it

 15:08 <slangasek> I know my ABCs and my 32Gs

 15:08 <slangasek> * wandered down to the CPC team's sprint that was in town this week, to talk about image building, seed ownership, and other fun topics

 15:08 <slangasek> * poked a bit at the lua build failures, found something that may be a glibc regression, worked around it (LP: #1570055)

 15:08 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1570055 in glibc (Ubuntu) "FTBFS on powerpc" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1570055

 15:08 <slangasek> * published snappy images to cdimage.ubuntu.com as a one-off, pending proper central launchpad building of them

 15:08 <slangasek> * queue processing for the release: juju 2.0 packages all reviewed

 15:08 <slangasek> * sprint travel planning; Austin the first week in May, Vancouver the second

 15:08 <slangasek> * looking to get a completely free edk2 package in for 16.04, so we have proper UEFI firmware images that can be pulled in by default where needed (thanks to dannf for driving most of this)

 15:08 <slangasek> * off tomorrow

 15:08 <slangasek> (done)

 15:09 <robru> wait what about vancouver

 15:09 <cyphermox> xenial:

 15:09 <cyphermox> - NetworkManager 1.1.93

 15:09 <cyphermox> - add tpm2-tools Depends on libtss2-utils (bug LP: #1569057)

 15:09 <cyphermox> - debugged n-m-pptp VPN crashes in ppp (bug LP: #1568336)

 15:09 <cyphermox> - desktop-base / debian logo in grub theme issue

 15:09 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1569057 in tpm2-tools (Ubuntu) "tpm2-tools should depend on libtss2-utils" [Medium,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1569057

 15:09 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1568336 in ppp (Debian) "pppd crashed with SIGSEGV in plugin_init()" [Unknown,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1568336

 15:09 <chiluk> slangasec is it the whole team that will be in austin in may?

 15:09 <cyphermox> - fixed password validation feedback for Mok in ubiquity (bug LP: #1560940)

 15:09 <cyphermox> - fixing network-manager autopkgtests

 15:09 <cyphermox> - localechooser fix for language translation data (bug LP: #1551285)

 15:09 <slangasek> robru: not a sprint you need to worry about

 15:09 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1560940 in ubiquity (Ubuntu) "None matching mokutils passwords" [High,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1560940

 15:09 <slangasek> chiluk: yes

 15:09 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1551285 in ubiquity (Ubuntu) "ubiquity crashed with UnicodeDecodeError in decode(): 'ascii' codec can't decode byte 0xc5 in position 8782: ordinal not in range(128)" [High,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1551285

 15:09 <chiluk> kick ass..

 15:09 <cyphermox> - merged ubiquity fix from FourDollars

 15:09 <cyphermox> - misc ubiquity bugfix

 15:09 <cyphermox> - missing zh_CN glyphs in grub (bug LP: #1559933)

 15:09 <cyphermox> - bisected in freetype (newest from Debian also no good); I need to look all it and grub-mkfont harder.

 15:09 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1559933 in grub2 (Ubuntu) "[Grub] There are messy codes on displaying Chinese characters in grub after install xenial-desktop_0320." [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1559933

 15:09 <robru> slangasek: but that's my home turf!

 15:09 <cyphermox> - testing ltrace upload (bug LP: #1547152)

 15:09 <cyphermox> - on ppc64el, armhf and x86

 15:09 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1547152 in ltrace (Ubuntu) "ltrace is throwing segfault while running any of the userspace command" [High,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1547152

 15:09 <cyphermox> - translation updates (bug LP: #1569232)

 15:09 <xnox> robru, snappy sprint in vancouver i think.

 15:09 <cyphermox> - ubiquity and ubiquity-slideshow-ubuntu

 15:09 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1569232 in ubiquity-slideshow-ubuntu (Ubuntu) "Please update non-languagepack translations for 16.04 LTS release" [High,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1569232

 15:09 <cyphermox> - ubiquity mokutil integration fixes (bug LP: #1567445)

 15:09 <cyphermox> - vt switching in ubiquity/oem-config (bug LP: #1567194)

 15:09 <cyphermox> ±other stuff:

 15:09 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1567445 in ubiquity (Ubuntu) "ubi-prepare failed with exit code 255" [Critical,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1567445

 15:09 <cyphermox> - backporting ltrace patches for ppc64el

 15:09 <cyphermox> - setting up raspi2 for armhf testing

 15:10 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1567194 in OEM Priority Project "Unable to switch to console/ttys from ubiquity" [High,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1567194

 15:10 <cyphermox> (done)

 15:10 <barry> paramiko FTBFS; gdebi 0.9.5.7ubuntu1 (fixes FTBFS); debian bug #815294 (python-scripttest FTBFS); routes 2.2-1ubuntu2 (fixes FTBFS); looked at lua5.x FTBFS (LP: #1570055; investigated on powerpc, but slangasek fixed it); other FTBFS and -proposed migration investigations

 15:10 <ubottu> Debian bug 815294 in src:python-scripttest "python-scripttest: FTBFS: plugin distutils failed with: exit code=5" [Serious,Fixed] http://bugs.debian.org/815294

 15:10 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1570055 in glibc (Ubuntu) "FTBFS on powerpc" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1570055

 15:10 <barry> system-image 3.1 rode the train

 15:10 <barry> LP: #1568889 triage

 15:10 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1568889 in system-image (Ubuntu) "Upgrade to OTA10 fails on Meizu MX4" [Critical,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1568889

 15:10 <barry> LP: #1530518

 15:10 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1530518 in apt-xapian-index (Ubuntu Xenial) "/etc/cron.weekly/apt-xapian-index reports TypeError" [High,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1530518

 15:10 <barry> starting to look at python-pip FTBFS

 15:10 <barry> --done--

 15:10 <xnox> unbroke gnupg2 upstart usersessions

 15:10 <pitti> cyphermox: any bad feedback about NM yet? I didn't hear anything so far

 15:10 <xnox> archive-reorg merged boost sources

 15:10 <xnox> s390x installer fixes

 15:10 <xnox> s390x package fixes

 15:10 <xnox> unbroke update-notifier motd after full-upgrade

 15:10 <xnox> done

 15:10 <cyphermox> pitti: some bug reports, but that's unavoidable.

 15:11 <xnox> pitti, i'm having nameserver woes, but cannot pin down the semantics of the bug yet.

 15:11 <cyphermox> pitti: that said, I'll need your help to iron out a small issue in the units for ubiquity

 15:11 <bdmurray> cyphermox: I opened some bugs from crashes the other day

 15:11 <tdaitx> # 2016-04-14

 15:11 <tdaitx> = Security update for OpenJDK 7

 15:11 <tdaitx> * Backported 8 patches (1 jaxp + 7 jdk)

 15:11 <tdaitx> * Working on the only hotspot patch

 15:11 <tdaitx> - The changes depend on other changesets, but most of those introduce additional unwanted features for OpenJDK 7 and are proving a challenge to isolate

 15:11 <tdaitx> - In a different approach I refactored the patch in order to have it apply directly to OpenJDK 7, without other backports, but it segfaults

 15:11 <tdaitx> - Broke down modified patch (132 chunks originally) and identified offending chunks (83 of them, trying to isolate them further than that)

 15:11 <tdaitx> - Debugging segfault to identify offending code, but hotspot is hard

 15:11 <tdaitx> = Other

 15:11 <tdaitx> - Finished travel arrangements

 15:11 <tdaitx> - Next Thursday is a holiday (will work and swap it)

 15:11 <tdaitx> (done)

 15:11 <cyphermox> bdmurray: yep, I have some in a list

 15:12 <infinity> - Mostly queue reviews and fielding release-related IRC pings

 15:12 <infinity> - Discussions with kernel team about [redacted]

 15:12 <infinity> - Prepping final (hopefully?) pre-freeze glibc upload

 15:12 <infinity> - Mid-review of armhf+raspi2 cdimage merge

 15:12 <infinity> - Working on updating IBM PPC userspace tools

 15:12 <infinity> - Worked with Dmitri to get s390-tools out of minimal

 15:12 <infinity> - Lots of archive cleanup

 15:12 <infinity> - Sprint/travel plans

 15:12 <infinity> - s390x build maintenance, and glib2.0 FTBFS fix

 15:12 <infinity> (done)

 15:12 <cyphermox> infinity: you need to review my cpc merge!

 15:12 <pitti> autopkgtest:

 15:12 <pitti> - Add option to set more appropriate parallel= build option in LXC (#1569750)

 15:12 <pitti> - Automate setup of armf LXD test slave

 15:12 <pitti> - Fixed failure to run setup script on lcy01

 15:12 <infinity> cyphermox: Yeah, I'm fixing it up right now. :P

 15:12 <pitti> - Investigate wrong hostname, turned out that it's the postfix test that does that (#1570001)

 15:12 <pitti> - Refine daily autopkgtest image builds, charm up the automation (#1569546)

 15:12 <pitti> - Reattempt to use arm64 scalingstack instances for armhf autopkgtesting, works well enough now (#1531768); automate setup of armf LXD test slave, but no control logic yet

 15:12 <pitti> distro:

 15:12 <pitti> - Fix FTBFS: dicto-moby-thesaurus, grep, libvigraimpex, mako, python-configglue, ros-robot-model, ubuntu-drivers-common (armhf)

 15:12 <pitti> - apt: Apply David's fix for upgrade failures involving Pre-Depends (#1560797)

 15:12 <pitti> - apport: disable LP crash reports for final release

 15:12 <pitti> - lxd: Investigate looping startup failure (#1569698)

 15:12 <pitti> - network-manager: fix failure to start under upstart (#1569204)

 15:12 <pitti> - systemd: Fix enabling of linked units (#1563590), keymap updates

 15:12 <pitti> - udev: fix handling of change events with multipath devices (#1565969), fix wrong device naming with ibmveth (#1561096)

 15:12 <pitti> - Investigate ssh installation failure in QA desktop tests (#1554266)

 15:12 <pitti> - Review proposed openssl FIPS change; landed now, just needs a followup upload for some patch cleanup (#1553309)

 15:12 <pitti> - Discuss improving the lxd debconfery with stgraber (#1567874)

 15:12 <pitti> - archive admin, release engineering, queue reviews, etc.

 15:12 <pitti> (done)

 15:13 <robru> lp:cupstream2distro

 15:13 <robru> - switched xenial half of dual silos to target overlay ppa so phone development not slowed by archive freeze

 15:13 <robru> lp:bileto ephemeral PPA work marches on

 15:13 <robru> - learned how to mock coroutines

 15:13 <robru> - wrote a big chunk of unit tests

 15:13 <robru> - fixed issue with dpkg-buildpackage not signing packages

 15:13 <robru> (dune)

 15:13 <xnox> infinity, will you take the bugfix patches into glibc for the bug #1564918 ?

 15:13 <ubottu> bug 1564918 in glibc (Ubuntu) "glibc/s390: Save and restore fprs/vrs while resolving symbols." [High,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1564918

 15:13 <sil2100> - Landing team work, silo coordination, preparing landing e-mails

 15:13 <sil2100> - RTM status meetings

 15:13 <sil2100> - Security hotfix OTA:

 15:13 <sil2100> * Consulting the vulnerability, agreeing on putting the store to manual-review

 15:13 <sil2100> * Staying late and landing the fix and re-spinning a snapshot-based rc image

 15:13 <sil2100> * Release to the users

 15:13 <sil2100> * Prepare the release notes, ask for CVE publication

 15:13 <sil2100> - Language packs:

 15:13 <sil2100> * Investigating and fixing missing UITK translations from l-o-m runs

 15:13 <sil2100> * Looking into invalid translation percentages for ubuntu-rtm/15.04 (1152% translation ratio is not good)

 15:13 <sil2100> - Copying images as requested by management for OTA-10.2, sending for testing

 15:13 <sil2100> - Dealing with some miscommunication issues between various teams

 15:13 <sil2100> - Some work on the testability branch in system-image

 15:13 <sil2100> - Writing down a draft for emergency procedures in touch (security updates, reverts)

 15:13 <sil2100> - First DMB meeting, partaking in review of 3 applicants, re-scheduling remaining candidates

 15:13 <sil2100> - Clean up on some unused system-image channels

 15:13 <sil2100> - Answering touch user e-mails (got strangely a lot of those this week)

 15:13 <sil2100> (done)

 15:14 <slangasek> pitti: openssl \o/

 15:14 <pitti> slangasek: well, I wouldn't call it \o/

 15:15 <slangasek> :)

 15:15 <pitti> slangasek: there's another followup upload coming with some patch cleanup (talking to jmbl as we speak)

 15:15 <pitti> but the bulk is in ind eed

 15:15 <infinity> xnox: The glibc upload will include an update to the tip of the 2.23 branch, which they claim contains the fixes.

 15:15 <cyphermox> pitti: scary openssl FIPS changes? :)

 15:15 <xnox> infinity, excellante.

 15:15 <slangasek> and no caribou because he is auditioning for a role as Sebastian the Crab

 15:15 <cyphermox> (scary because it's openssl, not scary because of the patches)

 15:16 <pitti> cyphermox: you bet :/

 15:16 <infinity> slangasek: He... What?

 15:16 <pitti> cyphermox: no, scary because of the patches indeed

 15:16 <slangasek> infinity: he's under the sea

 15:16 <cyphermox> pitti: well, a bit of that too ;)

 15:16 * infinity needs to read his email more closely.

 15:17 <slangasek> infinity: no, you just need to think like me, that's all

 15:17 <slangasek> any questions re: status?

 15:17 <cyphermox> is under the sea a euphemism for sick?

 15:17 <slangasek> cyphermox: no, he wrote that he is literally under the sea at this time :)  (EuroStar)

 15:18 <cyphermox> oh, cool!

 15:18 * pitti still catching up reading

 15:19 <cyphermox> no questions from me.

 15:19 <slangasek> [TOPIC] AOB

 15:19 <slangasek> anything else for the meeting?

 15:19 <slangasek> oh

 15:19 <slangasek> release week next week

 15:19 <slangasek> so no meeting, I'll take it off the calendar

 15:21 <slangasek> everybody has sprint travel booked by now, I hope?

 15:22 <barry> sprint*s*

 15:22 <pitti> yes, for both (cloud and foundations/kernel/security)

 15:24 <slangasek> remember, if you don't get your travel dates into the spreadsheet, you won't have a hotel room and will have to sleep in the hotel kitchen instead

 15:24 <tdaitx> yes, booked both

 15:24 <infinity> slangasek: On a bed of knives?

 15:24 <barry> slangasek: but at least then you can get 24h breakfast

 15:24 <pitti> oh, not in a nearby pub?

 15:25 <slangasek> infinity: you can use spatulas, they're not cruel

 15:25 <infinity> I do like me a cruelty-free spatula.

 15:25 <tdaitx> pitti: if we don't put the dates we get to sleep in a nearby pub? and you only tell me this now?

 15:25 <robru> i do believe I am fully booked for both

 15:26 <robru> hehe

 15:26 <pitti> cyphermox, slangasek: do you plan a final shim upload/signing for xenial to fix that FTBFS, or will that be done in the next SRU?

 15:26 <infinity> Turning shim around that fast isn't possible.

 15:26 <slangasek> pitti: we don't upload shim for FTBFS fixes, only when we must get a new shim signed

 15:26 <cyphermox> we'll need to get started thinking about a new shim though

 15:26 <slangasek> the fix is staged but it doesn't go anywhere until we need one

 15:26 <cyphermox> ie. for my MokSBStateRT patch

 15:26 <pitti> ack

 15:27 <slangasek> cyphermox: right

 15:27 <cyphermox> and perhaps consider setting up fallback.efi correctly

 15:27 <slangasek> cyphermox: should that be done before we rotate the daily signing key?

 15:27 <cyphermox> hrm

 15:27 <slangasek> setting up fallback.efi doesn't need to be done in the shim package, we should handle it from shim-signed or elsewhere

 15:28 <slangasek> (so that we're not causing churn to shim by packaging changes either)

 15:28 <cyphermox> sure, but while looking at shim, is what I mean

 15:28 <slangasek> right

 15:28 <osama> I need a local community for my university

 15:28 <infinity> I need a pony

 15:29 <slangasek> osama: sorry, this isn't really the place to ask; we're in the middle of a team meeting

 15:29 <infinity> osama: (This is a channel for holding meetings (which we're currently in the middle of), not for meeting people)

 15:29 <slangasek> ok! anything else?

 15:29 <osama> so lead me anywhere else please!

 15:29 <cyphermox> osama: there probably is a channel for the country or state you live in, look in http://loco.ubuntu.com/

 15:30 <osama> ok sorry buddies and thanks

 15:32 <slangasek> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)