== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting: ubuntu-server-team, 16 Aug at 16:03 &mdash; 16:28 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2016/ubuntu-meeting.2016-08-16-16.03.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Review ACTION points from previous meeting ===
The discussion about "Review ACTION points from previous meeting" started at 16:03.

  * ''ACTION:'' smoser: remember to take yourself off the chair list

=== Yakkety Development ===
The discussion about "Yakkety Development" started at 16:04.

  * ''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/YakketyYak/ReleaseSchedule 
 * '''Release Bugs''' (16:05)
  * ''ACTION:'' rbasak update https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ServerTeam/Meeting/IRCCommands to match correct urls

=== Server & Cloud Bugs (caribou) ===
The discussion about "Server & Cloud Bugs (caribou)" started at 16:13.


=== Weekly Updates & Questions for the QA Team (powersj) ===
The discussion about "Weekly Updates & Questions for the QA Team (powersj)" started at 16:15.


=== Weekly Updates & Questions for the Kernel Team (smb, sforshee, arges) ===
The discussion about "Weekly Updates & Questions for the Kernel Team (smb, sforshee, arges)" started at 16:18.


=== Upcoming Call For Papers ===
The discussion about "Upcoming Call For Papers" started at 16:23.


=== Ubuntu Server Team Events ===
The discussion about "Ubuntu Server Team Events" started at 16:23.


=== Open Discussion ===
The discussion about "Open Discussion" started at 16:24.


=== Announce next meeting date, time and chair ===
The discussion about "Announce next meeting date, time and chair" started at 16:27.




== Vote results ==




== Action items, by person ==

 * rbasak
  * rbasak update https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ServerTeam/Meeting/IRCCommands to match correct urls
 * smoser
  * smoser: remember to take yourself off the chair list



== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * smoser (56)
 * rbasak (13)
 * smb (7)
 * rharper (7)
 * jgrimm (5)
 * meetingology (5)
 * powersj (4)
 * arosales (2)



== Full Log ==


 16:03 <smoser> #startmeeting ubuntu-server-team

 16:03 <meetingology> Meeting started Tue Aug 16 16:03:10 2016 UTC.  The chair is smoser. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:03 <meetingology> 

 16:03 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 16:03 <smoser> lets get this party started.

 16:03 <smoser> #topic Review ACTION points from previous meeting

 16:03 <smoser> hash tag none

 16:04 <smoser> #ACTION smoser: remember to take yourself off the chair list

 16:04 * meetingology smoser: remember to take yourself off the chair list

 16:04 <smoser> next week will be arosales

 16:04 <smoser> #topic Yakkety Development

 16:04 <smoser> #link https://wiki.ubuntu.com/YakketyYak/ReleaseSchedule

 16:04 <arosales> smoser: thanks for the fyi :-)

 16:04 <smoser> Feature Freeze is 2 days from now.

 16:05 <arosales> and chairing this week

 16:05 <smoser> so, um... features need in.

 16:05 <smoser> i will be getting new apt configuration format into cloud-init by then. i'm sure others have things they're hoping to land.

 16:05 <smoser> #subtopic Release Bugs

 16:06 <jgrimm> o/ late, sorry!

 16:06 <smoser> rbasak or jgrimm you had links other than those listed at

 16:06 <smoser> https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ServerTeam/Meeting/IRCCommands

 16:06 <smoser> right ?

 16:07 <rbasak> smoser: it should be all on https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ServerTeam/Meeting

 16:07 <smoser> ah. ok.

 16:07 <smoser> #ACTION rbasak update https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ServerTeam/Meeting/IRCCommands to match correct urls

 16:07 * meetingology rbasak update https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ServerTeam/Meeting/IRCCommands to match correct urls

 16:07 <rbasak> THey looked mostly matched up to me.

 16:08 <rbasak> That's a never-ending action!

 16:08 <smoser> hm.. rbasak did i make up that you thought they were wrong or needed updating ?

 16:08 * smoser does have an active imagination

 16:09 <rbasak> They're very slightly out of date I think. Visually, powersj's name for QA needs updating, that's all I can see.

 16:09 <jgrimm> rbasak,  wiki page points to the rls-mgr reports which we discussed isn't terribly useful? i think that was the discussion smoser is remembering

 16:09 <rbasak> But we have issues with chairs using that without looking at the agenda. IMHO, using that page just means that we miss things, and I don't have a good solution apart from to not use it.

 16:09 <rbasak> Oh.

 16:09 <rbasak> Yes, I'd be happy to drop the rls-mgr reports from the agenda, too.

 16:10 <rbasak> I don't think it's particularly useful. It's an arbitrary list few people use or touch.

 16:10 <smoser> rbasak, so is there a bug url that we *should* be looking at ?

 16:10 <rbasak> Unfortunately not.

 16:11 <rharper> o/

 16:11 <rbasak> Perhaps we should.

 16:11 <rbasak> Now that we have bug assignments working pretty well.

 16:12 <smoser> do we want to discusst this further or move it to open discussion ?

 16:12 <smoser> i've updated the irc commands to contain powersj and i'll drop those #link ones too.

 16:13 <rbasak> Let's defer the conversation to another time.

 16:13 <smoser> k.

 16:13 <rbasak> That'll give people a chance to ponder it.

 16:13 <smoser> #topic Server & Cloud Bugs (caribou)

 16:14 <smoser> no caribou, is there any set of bugs or bug that anyone wants to bring up  here ?

 16:15 <smoser> oh well. seeing none

 16:15 <smoser> #topic Weekly Updates & Questions for the QA Team (powersj)

 16:15 <powersj> Finished up snap work from last week. Interested in writting some broader tests for snapcraft. Updated RT tickets for additional slaves this morning. Meeting with rharper to talk about network testing (ipv6) for curtin hopefully today.

 16:15 <powersj> ISOs test merge requests are still open as I am waiting on group transfer to make this change. Triaging a few more ISO issues right now as well that I do think are fixed in my existing fixes.

 16:15 <powersj> Also spending time writing down some learnings from last week's sprint and to help prepare for QA sprint.

 16:16 <smoser> thanks powersj .

 16:16 <smoser> any one have questions for powersj  ?

 16:17 <smoser> powersj, can you verify that https://jenkins.ubuntu.com/server/ is the right ubuntu server team jenkins ?

 16:17 <powersj> smoser, yes it is!

 16:17 <smoser> i just added that to https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ServerTeam/Meeting/IRCCommands

 16:17 <smoser> and will add to agenda

 16:18 <smoser> i think its sane to take a look at that if nothing else other than to make sure its all pretty green

 16:18 <smoser> moving on

 16:18 <smoser> #topic Weekly Updates & Questions for the Kernel Team (smb, sforshee, arges)

 16:18 <smb> Kernelwise: a 4.6  is approaching yakkety. Apart from that I merged libvirt-2.1.0 from debian testing for yakkety. Testing was ok but rather shallow (boot an existing vm). Shall I just go wild and upload before ff or does someone want to review what I did?

 16:19 <smoser> rharper ^ you have thoughts on that ?

 16:19 <smb> Right now its a separate branch here: https://git.launchpad.net/~libvirt-maintainers/ubuntu/+source/libvirt/log/?h=smb/yakkety

 16:19 <rharper> smb: I'll certainly look at it

 16:20 <smb> rharper, cool let me know if/when I should upload

 16:20 <rharper> we can give it a spin under vmtest cross arch too

 16:20 <smb> I guess ff is this thu or fri?

 16:20 <jgrimm> always on thu right?

 16:20 <rharper> if I don't get back to you, I'd say upload and we can bug fix (rather than miss ff)

 16:20 <smoser> i +1 the upload to yakkety

 16:21 <smb> rharper, yeah agreed

 16:21 <smoser> better to get something in then to not for 6 months.

 16:21 <rharper> y

 16:21 <smb> rharper, smoser then I' do the upload tomorrow

 16:22 <smoser> anything else?

 16:22 <smb> not from me. if there are no questions

 16:23 <smoser> #topic Upcoming Call For Papers

 16:23 <smoser> i dont have anything and no one else speaking up

 16:23 <smoser> #topic Ubuntu Server Team Events

 16:24 <smoser> i'm giving this 15 seconds or so before moving to open dicsussion

 16:24 <smoser> anyone ?

 16:24 <smoser> #topic Open Discussion

 16:25 <smoser> one thing i'd like to just mention...

 16:26 <jgrimm> you should mention this ->https://blueprints.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+spec/foundations-y-network-yaml

 16:26 <jgrimm> :)

 16:26 <smoser> sure.

 16:26 <smoser> so if you didnt see this, that is "network yaml" that pitti has spoken about on ubuntu-devel.

 16:26 <rharper> aka, netplan, nplan

 16:27 <smoser> right, a way to define in one place the networking that shoudl be used.

 16:27 <smoser> there is integration work on cloud-init and other places to utilize this.

 16:27 <smoser> anything else ?

 16:27 <smoser> #topic Announce next meeting date, time and chair

 16:28 <smoser> next meeting will be Tuesday 2016-08-23 at 1600 UTC

 16:28 <smoser> next chair will be arosales

 16:28 <smoser> thank you all for your time.

 16:28 <rharper> thanks smoser

 16:28 <smoser> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)