== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 30 Jun at 15:01 &mdash; 15:27 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2016/ubuntu-meeting.2016-06-30-15.01.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning round ===
The discussion about "Lightning round" started at 15:01.

  * ''LINK:'' http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1628841/?ref_=fn_al_tt_4 

=== AOB ===
The discussion about "AOB" started at 15:16.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * slangasek (45)
 * cyphermox (30)
 * pitti (28)
 * sil2100 (26)
 * doko (21)
 * tdaitx (19)
 * barry (17)
 * xnox (14)
 * ubottu (13)
 * chiluk (10)
 * caribou (9)
 * robru (7)
 * caribou_ (6)
 * meetingology (3)



== Full Log ==


 15:01 <slangasek> #startmeeting

 15:01 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Jun 30 15:01:01 2016 UTC.  The chair is slangasek. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 15:01 <meetingology> 

 15:01 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 15:01 <sil2100> o/

 15:01 <slangasek> [TOPIC] Lightning round

 15:01 <slangasek> $ echo $(shuf -e barry doko bdmurray slangasek caribou infinity sil2100 robru cyphermox pitti tdaitx xnox chiluk mwhudson)

 15:01 <slangasek> slangasek bdmurray pitti caribou robru doko xnox mwhudson cyphermox sil2100 infinity tdaitx barry chiluk

 15:01 <slangasek> oh no!

 15:01 <slangasek> better reroll

 15:01 <pitti> hah

 15:01 <sil2100> Phew, still time to prepare the report

 15:01 <cyphermox> ahah

 15:01 <sil2100> No! No reroll!

 15:01 <sil2100> ;)

 15:01 <slangasek> (next time I'll reroll behind the screen)

 15:01 <barry> :)

 15:01 <cyphermox> cheater!

 15:02 <pitti> gabbagabbahey

 15:02 <tdaitx> =)

 15:02 <pitti> (the only cheat code I can still remember, from Descent)

 15:02 <cyphermox> xzyzzy

 15:02 <robru> wow, only two weeks and i forgot about this

 15:02 <pitti> oh, FUND (or so, SimCity?)

 15:03 <sil2100> I remember itisagooddaytodie from Starcraft

 15:03 <sil2100> We should add some cheat codes to Ubuntu Touch

 15:03 <sil2100> ;)

 15:03 <tdaitx> ↑ ↑ ↓ ↓ ← → ← → B A

 15:03 <slangasek> * ubuntu-image: discussions about the architecture and interface between ubuntu-image and snappy

 15:03 <slangasek> * ubuntu-image: progress on image.yaml syntax

 15:03 <slangasek> * discussions about i386 deprecation and possible impact to server

 15:03 <slangasek> * presentation of snappy console experience mock-up

 15:03 <slangasek> (done)

 15:03 <slangasek> bdmurray is off today

 15:03 <slangasek> pitti:

 15:03 <pitti> foundations-y-network-yaml:

 15:03 <pitti> - some minor spec changes, sent to sabdfl for review

 15:04 <pitti> - implement config.d/* merging, start implementing wifi

 15:04 <pitti> foundations-y-local-resolver:

 15:04 <pitti> - integrate resolved's new local DNS server functionality (blocked in -proposed on a1 freeze)

 15:04 <pitti> - properly treat DNS servers with domain name limitations; PR being discussed upstream, this still needs some conceptual understanding

 15:04 <pitti> systemd:

 15:04 <pitti> - prepare SRU fixes for socket startup rate limiting (#1568094) and USB interface rename disabling (#1593379)

 15:04 <pitti> - robustify and improve networkd/resolved tests

 15:04 <pitti> distro:

 15:04 <pitti> - init-system-helpers: be verbose on service start failures (#1596056), make update-rc.d get along with an unpacked but unconfigured initscripts (Debian #824804), various minor bug fixes

 15:04 <ubottu> Debian bug 824804 in init-system-helpers "update-rc.d: may invoke insserv without -f flag when initscripts is installed but not configured" [Normal,Fixed] http://bugs.debian.org/824804

 15:04 <pitti> - build and test fresh xenial -base langpacks

 15:04 <pitti> - quite a lot of SRU and archive admin

 15:04 <pitti> (done)

 15:04 <pitti> slangasek: what is ubuntu-image in this context, OOI?

 15:04 <barry> pitti: that's the question, innit? :)

 15:04 <slangasek> pitti: ubuntu-image is the CLI for mastering a snap image based on instructions in a gadget snap

 15:05 <caribou_> Bugfix

 15:05 <caribou_> Misc bug handling/help

 15:05 <caribou_> - LP: #1535898 - double-free core

 15:05 <caribou_> SRU in -proposed

 15:05 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1535898 in multipath-tools (Ubuntu Precise) "Trusty & Vivid multipath-tools (multipathd) seg-fault core dump" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1535898

 15:05 <caribou_> - iSCSI+LVM issue

 15:05 <caribou_> Fixed by xnox SRU

 15:05 <caribou> Launchpad & Public :

 15:05 <caribou> LP: #1596599 - Ubiquity localization bug

 15:05 <caribou> Clamav merge

 15:05 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1596599 in ubiquity (Ubuntu Xenial) "Full disk encryption passphrase is using wrong locale" [Undecided,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1596599

 15:05 <slangasek> pitti: where a gadget snap includes a declarative image.yaml telling u-i what partitions are required and how to lay out bootloader blocks

 15:05 <caribou> Makedumpfile UEFI enablement

 15:05 <caribou> - kexec not working on signed kernel

 15:05 <caribou> slangasek: sorry

 15:06 <pitti> slangasek: oh, thanks; kind of a YAMLfied preseed in spirit?

 15:06 <slangasek> caribou: no, keep going :)

 15:06 <caribou> Laptop reinstallation

 15:06 <caribou> - Found Ubiquity localization bug

 15:06 <caribou> ☑ Done

 15:06 <cyphermox> thanks!

 15:06 <cyphermox> it's a fun one too

 15:06 <robru> short week due to vacation

 15:06 <robru> lp:bileto

 15:06 <robru> - reimplemented "revert" feature that reuploads an old upload with a new version number.

 15:06 <robru> - hide "edit" button when user not logged in

 15:06 <robru> - clean up some stale cache files in the expiry script.

 15:06 <robru> (done)

 15:07 <xnox> doko at debconf

 15:07 <xnox> zua - published sample client

 15:07 <xnox> Uploads for bug #1592990

 15:07 <xnox> Upload for bug #1558967

 15:07 <xnox> Develop & Upload for bug #1595495

 15:07 <xnox> Re-started i386 discussion for next LTS cycle

 15:07 <ubottu> bug 1592990 in debian-installer (Ubuntu Xenial) "HCPGIR450W CP entered; disabled wait PSW 00020000 80000000 00000000 00004502" [Critical,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1592990

 15:07 <xnox> Finished all validations for bug #1572613

 15:07 <ubottu> bug 1558967 in Ubuntu on IBM z Systems "libfuse2: race in fuse_daemonize() causes ' Transport endpoint is not connected' (found with cmsfs-fuse)" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1558967

 15:07 <ubottu> bug 1595495 in partman-base (Ubuntu Xenial) "DASD drives can only hold 3 partitions" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1595495

 15:07 <xnox> Debconf prep & there next week

 15:07 <ubottu> bug 1572613 in gcc-mingw-w64 (Ubuntu) "GCC stack access scheduled after stack deallocation" [Wishlist,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1572613

 15:07 <xnox> ..

 15:07 <doko> xnox not yet at debconf

 15:08 <doko> - freezing in Cape Town (6-8 degree celsius)...

 15:08 <doko> - SRU: uploaded around ten toolchain unrelated ftbfs for xenial

 15:08 <doko> - final Python 2.7.12 and 3.5.2 release (no code changes, except for idle)

 15:08 <doko> - finished xenial test rebuilds, evaluated test rebuilds, found no regressions for seeded packages

 15:08 <doko> - final (famous last words) binutils and gcc-5 uploads for xenial-proposed, LP: #1586673.

 15:08 <doko> - still looking at Python related build failures in the test rebuilds, but found no regressions so far

 15:08 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1586673 in gcc-5 (Ubuntu) "Backport GCC 5.4.0 and binutils 2.26.1 to 16.04 LTS" [Undecided,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1586673

 15:08 <doko> - travelled to DebCamp/DebConf, currently at DebCamp

 15:08 <doko> - GCC-6 sprint at DebCamp, fixing issues, and helping people to fix issues

 15:08 <doko> - openjdk-9 update

 15:08 <doko> - next week DebConf

 15:08 <doko> (done)

 15:08 <xnox> heh sorry

 15:08 <slangasek> haha

 15:08 <slangasek> cyphermox:

 15:09 <cyphermox> xenial:

 15:09 <cyphermox> - merge ubiquity fixes from 4$ (bug LP: #1584417)

 15:09 <cyphermox> yakkety:

 15:09 <cyphermox> - grub2 EFI IPv6 patch backports (bug LP: #1229458)

 15:09 <cyphermox> - installer work and planning

 15:09 <cyphermox> - review ubiquity fixes for scaling on HiDPI (bug LP: #1560162)

 15:09 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1584417 in ubiquity (Ubuntu Xenial) "Location/Timezone picker crashes on install" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1584417

 15:09 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1229458 in grub2 (Ubuntu) "grubnetx64.efi tftp client does not work over ipv6" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1229458

 15:09 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1560162 in ubiquity (Ubuntu) "Xenial: scaling is horribly out on xps13 install session" [Undecided,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1560162

 15:09 <cyphermox> ±other stuff:

 15:09 <cyphermox> - Secure Boot kexec discussion with caribou

 15:09 <cyphermox> - shim-signed to call update-secureboot-policy in postinst configure

 15:09 <cyphermox> (done)

 15:09 <cyphermox> oh, and I'm off tomorrow

 15:09 <sil2100> o/

 15:09 <sil2100> - Crazy week, Friday off, part of Thursday off

 15:09 <sil2100> - Landing team work, silo coordination, preparing landing e-mails

 15:09 <sil2100> - RTM status meetings

 15:09 <sil2100> - xenial touch arm64:

 15:09 <sil2100> * Copying xenial overlay state to the snapshot

 15:09 <sil2100> * Attempting to rebuild the leftover projects with the new oxide-qt

 15:09 <sil2100> * Looking into the idea of having an arm64-only oxide-qt package

 15:09 <sil2100> - Finishing final changes and testing of the per-device redirects (thanks Steve, Barry!)

 15:09 <sil2100> - Sent out ubuntu-touch-custom project addition to cdimage

 15:09 <sil2100> - Prepping livecd-rootfs changes for ubuntu-touch-custom support

 15:09 <sil2100> - Helping out with maliit-framework package releases

 15:09 <sil2100> - Multiple channel changes, enablement of new custom tarballs

 15:09 <sil2100> - OTA-12:

 15:09 <sil2100> * Snapshotting current overlay state

 15:09 <sil2100> * Copying current rc images to the rc channel

 15:09 <sil2100> * Final release moved by one week, coordinating remaining changes

 15:10 <sil2100> - Misc tweaks and fixes to the landing-team-tools

 15:10 <sil2100> (done)

 15:10 <slangasek> cyphermox: grub2 EFI IPv6> yay!  please target this for xenial also

 15:10 <cyphermox> slangasek: of course!

 15:10 <cyphermox> I have a grub built in a "sru-staging" PPA; ready for testing.

 15:10 <barry> no infinity today

 15:11 <slangasek> so, tdaitx:

 15:11 <tdaitx> Short week: 2 days off, 3 half-days

 15:11 <tdaitx> = Merges

 15:11 <tdaitx> - ncurses (testing package) and isc-dhcp (ongoing)

 15:11 <tdaitx> OpenJDK

 15:11 <tdaitx> - new security release; working on OpenJDK 8, will provide Yakkety, Xenial, and Wily packages; then will backport patches to OpenJDK 7 and provide Wily, Trusty, and Precise packages; after that comes OpenJDK 6 (Wily, Trusty, and Precise)

 15:11 <tdaitx> = Notes

 15:11 <tdaitx> - will take day off tomorrow

 15:11 <tdaitx> - travelling back on Monday evening, I will be depending on the Airport's Lounge wifi for the whole day

 15:11 <tdaitx> - Tuesday I will still be travelling and then take the afternoon off after I arrive home

 15:11 <tdaitx> = Pending

 15:11 <tdaitx> - Do I need to forward the OCA? (doko?)

 15:11 <tdaitx> - Process to backport LP: #1594393 to Xenial?

 15:12 <tdaitx> (done)

 15:12 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1594393 in openjdk-8 (Ubuntu) "JVM on PPC64 LE crashes due to an illegal instruction in JITed code" [High,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1594393

 15:12 <barry> short week due to travel and jury duty

 15:12 <barry> git-importer bug fixing and testing for sbuild merge

 15:12 <doko> tdaitx, already done

 15:12 <barry> ubuntu-image gadget branch & meetings

 15:12 <barry> xonsh 0.4.2+dfsg-1 sponsorship

 15:12 <tdaitx> doko, thanks!

 15:12 <barry> monday is a usa holiday

 15:12 <barry> --done--

 15:12 <chiluk> yay holidays

 15:12 <pitti> oh, July 4th

 15:13 <pitti> happy independency day!

 15:13 <slangasek> tdaitx: process to backport> https://wiki.ubuntu.com/StableReleaseUpdates#Process plus sponsorship

 15:13 <barry> so much independence

 15:13 <slangasek> yes, Monday is the 4th of July in the US

 15:13 <slangasek> (not sure what the date is elsewhere)

 15:13 <tdaitx> slangasek, yep, question is, does OpenJDK needs to go through it? It had an exception in the past...

 15:13 <xnox> riots across UK on the 4th

 15:13 <barry> http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1628841/?ref_=fn_al_tt_4

 15:14 <slangasek> tdaitx: if you're backporting patches, that's not covered by any exception for upstream releases

 15:14 <barry> xnox: well, with dc and puerto rico, london could be our 53 state

 15:14 <tdaitx> slangasek, got it, thanks

 15:14 <slangasek> tdaitx: wrt merges, do you have anything you're looking to have sponsored at this point?  (Is it in the sponsorship queue currently?)

 15:14 <chiluk> * Updating chiluk-maas cluster to xenial+2.0

 15:14 <chiluk> * 2 days vacation - Tennessee

 15:14 <chiluk> * LP #1576747 - Turns out we need to do a sync. I'll put the

 15:14 <chiluk> * Finally got a new battery for my laptop.

 15:14 <chiluk> (done)

 15:14 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1576747 in network-manager (Ubuntu) "Network manager unable to control wifi after suspend in 16.04" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1576747

 15:15 <chiluk> woops wrong lp#

 15:15 <chiluk> lp#1592862

 15:15 <xnox> barry, as long as we keep our gun laws

 15:15 <tdaitx> slangasek, not yet, waiting for the build to finish so I can check the results

 15:15 <slangasek> ok

 15:15 <xnox> and remain not subject to federal laws

 15:15 <xnox> it could work

 15:15 <chiluk> hey we had a sit in, in congress about that, that no one paid any attention to.

 15:15 <cyphermox> barry: London can be Canada's 12th province, or it's 20th or so if we annex the handlebars.

 15:15 <slangasek> any other questions over status?

 15:16 <slangasek> chiluk: it was covered on CSPAN

 15:16 <cyphermox> I have no questions

 15:16 <slangasek> [TOPIC] AOB

 15:16 <chiluk> slangasek: I beleive cpan just rebroadcast some congressional periscopes.

 15:16 <slangasek> chiluk: still counts

 15:16 <barry> cyphermox: you just have to build a border wall and get trumpistan to pay for it

 15:17 <doko> who is going to do the alpha1, shouldn't it be ready today?

 15:17 <cyphermox> barry: of course

 15:17 <cyphermox> doko: I thought stgraber had volunteered on #u-release, but I may have hallucinated that

 15:17 <slangasek> doko:  https://wiki.ubuntu.com/YakketyYak/ReleaseTaskSignup says stgraber

 15:18 <doko> ahh, ok

 15:18 <cyphermox> good to know I'm still sane

 15:18 <slangasek> doko: I was browsing MoM and noticed libjpeg-turbo has an update (even though the comment says it doesn't); Debian has now switched to libjpeg-turbo by default and looks like there's some packaging to sift through.  Do you want this one, or do you mind if I pick it off?

 15:19 <doko> slangasek, pitti: I'm looking for a review of the binutils and gcc-5 uploads in the xenial unapproved queue, I hope everything is mentioned in the lp issue

 15:19 <slangasek> looks like a few things have been lingering in the xenial queue

 15:19 <slangasek> I don't think I'll get to it today though

 15:20 <cyphermox> slangasek: I see shim-signed 1.16 made it to xenial but not elsewhere, are the other releases still on your list?

 15:20 <doko> slangasek, well, not sure if we need to. if you do that, then keep in mind that ubuntu has jpeg8 compat while debian has jpeg6

 15:20 <doko> I won't touch it for the next weeks

 15:20 <pitti> slangasek: I commented on some of them, like ceph; they were missing test plans

 15:20 <pitti> i. e. major upstream updates and no word about how to verify them

 15:20 <slangasek> doko: "need" is relative; but there is a new upstream version in Debian

 15:21 <doko> right, I can update to this one

 15:21 <slangasek> pitti: can we be more strict about bouncing these from the queue, so they don't get constantly re-reviewed?

 15:21 <doko> MoM doesn't remove comments ...

 15:21 <slangasek> doko: you said you won't for the next weeks - I'll have a look at it :)

 15:21 <pitti> slangasek: you mean rejecting them instead of just commenting in the bug?

 15:21 <slangasek> pitti: yes

 15:22 <slangasek> bouncing from the queue> like a bouncer at the club

 15:22 <doko> slangasek, ok, ok, but please review binutils and gcc-5 first =)

 15:22 <slangasek> cyphermox: yes they are on my list - I didn't do the xenial accept but was hoping to get to the others before anyone else did :)

 15:22 <cyphermox> cool, cool

 15:22 <pitti> slangasek: I'd have a feeling about being an arrogant bureaucrat then, TBH, but we could try

 15:22 <cyphermox> I'll do the ipv6 testing this PM while I discuss some python issues I've had for installer work with barry

 15:23 <pitti> I did all the obvious/good ones this morning and yesterday, the remaining ones are of the "throw a large upstream update against the wall" kind

 15:23 <barry> cyphermox: yep, we can talk in more detail later this afternoon

 15:23 <slangasek> pitti: it saves time across the SRU team for not re-visiting things in the queue

 15:23 <cyphermox> yep

 15:23 <pitti> ah, ceph now got a ref to a test plan

 15:24 <cyphermox> barry: I have a meeting over lunchtime, but we can catch up after lunch, I just need to nuke a bowl of soup

 15:24 <barry> cyphermox: want to say 1:30pm Eastern?

 15:25 <cyphermox> barry: wfm

 15:26 <barry> cool

 15:26 <slangasek> alrighty

 15:26 <slangasek> anything else?

 15:26 <cyphermox> barry: I schedule a hangout so I can show you the code

 15:26 <barry> cyphermox: perfect!

 15:27 <slangasek> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)