== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 20 Jun at 16:31 &mdash; 16:51 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2016/ubuntu-meeting.2016-06-20-16.31.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting 
=== Announcements ===
The discussion about "Announcements" started at 16:32.


=== Weekly stand-up report ===
The discussion about "Weekly stand-up report" started at 16:32.


=== Highlighted packages ===
The discussion about "Highlighted packages" started at 16:48.

  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/pngcrush.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/inn.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/minissdpd.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/gitlab.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/tardiff.html 

=== Miscellaneous and Questions ===
The discussion about "Miscellaneous and Questions" started at 16:48.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * tyhicks (38)
 * jjohansen (8)
 * sbeattie (7)
 * mdeslaur (6)
 * chrisccoulson (5)
 * ratliff (4)
 * meetingology (3)
 * ubottu (2)



== Full Log ==


 16:31 <tyhicks> #startmeeting

 16:31 <meetingology> Meeting started Mon Jun 20 16:31:48 2016 UTC.  The chair is tyhicks. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:31 <meetingology> 

 16:31 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 16:31 <mdeslaur> \o

 16:31 <jjohansen> o/

 16:32 <tyhicks> The meeting agenda can be found at:

 16:32 <tyhicks> [LINK] https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting

 16:32 <tyhicks> [TOPIC] Announcements

 16:32 <tyhicks> Stefan Bader (smb) provided debdiffs for precise-xenial for xen

 16:32 <tyhicks> Otto Kekäläinen (otto) provided debdiffs for wily-xenial for mariadb-10.0 (LP: #1589302)

 16:32 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1589302 in mariadb-10.0 (Ubuntu Yakkety) "USN-2953-1: MySQL vulnerabilities partially applies to MariaDB too" [Medium,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1589302

 16:32 <tyhicks> Thank you for your assistance in keeping Ubuntu users secure! :)

 16:32 <tyhicks> [TOPIC] Weekly stand-up report

 16:32 <tyhicks> mdeslaur: you're up

 16:32 <mdeslaur> I'm in the happy place this week, and I'm off wed-fri

 16:32 <mdeslaur> I'm currently about to publish a bunch of updates

 16:32 <mdeslaur> and I have a few more to test and publish tomorrow

 16:33 <mdeslaur> I want to update the uefi secure boot testing instructions if I have time

 16:33 <mdeslaur> that's about it from me, sbeattie?

 16:34 <sbeattie> I'm on community this week

 16:34 <sbeattie> I need to finish up a couple of todos from the sprint last

 16:35 <sbeattie> I'll pick up an update or to this week

 16:35 <sbeattie> I'm also looking for pie-related build failures in the background.

 16:35 <sbeattie> I may also take friday off.

 16:36 <sbeattie> that's probably it for me. tyhicks?

 16:36 <tyhicks> I'm on bug triage this week and I'll be covering CVE triage today and tomorrow

 16:36 <tyhicks> I have quite a few sprint followups/todos

 16:37 <tyhicks> I have lingering email catchup to do from the last two weeks (vacation and then sprinting kept me from some things)

 16:37 <tyhicks> I need to remind myself where I was at with the yakkety apparmor upload, complete that, and then move on to the xenial SRU

 16:38 <tyhicks> I have some snap-confine PR reviews to do (seccomp arg filtering and some others that landed without security team review)

 16:38 <tyhicks> then I'd like to move on to seccomp complain mode for snappy's devmode

 16:38 <tyhicks> that's it for me

 16:38 <tyhicks> jjohansen: you're up

 16:39 <jjohansen> I'm working on making sure apparmor stacking is ready to be opened up to user name spaces

 16:40 <jjohansen> I have a few TODOs to finish up from last weeks sprint, and I have a neglected upstream kernel pull-request to finish getting together and push out

 16:41 <jjohansen> I also have the 4.7 apparmor rebase to finish with and push to the kt

 16:41 <jjohansen> and I will be taking thurs and friday off

 16:42 <jjohansen> oh and I suppose if I can squeeze it in I will push up the current set of apparmor 3.5 fixes to the kt for xenial

 16:42 <jjohansen> thats it for /me tyhicks back to you

 16:42 <tyhicks> sounds like you'll have a more than full week for only 3 days

 16:43 <tyhicks> there's probably no need to work on the 3.5 fix pull request this week

 16:43 <tyhicks> chrisccoulson: you're up

 16:43 <jjohansen> heh, yeah, like I said if I can squeeze it in :)

 16:43 <chrisccoulson> I've got one follow-up todo from last week (creating instructions for doing flash updates).

 16:44 <chrisccoulson> I don't have any other updates planned this week

 16:45 <chrisccoulson> Other than that, I'll hopefully be able to test the browser on arm64. So I'll be spending time this week fixing any issues that result from that

 16:45 <chrisccoulson> I think that's me done

 16:46 <tyhicks> sounds like a nice week

 16:46 <tyhicks> ratliff: your turn

 16:46 <ratliff> I am working on todos from the sprint and misc. management tasks

 16:47 <ratliff> I want to finish the transition tasks from jdstrand and start playing with the uct tools

 16:47 <ratliff> I will be off on Friday (travelling)

 16:47 <ratliff> back to you tyhicks

 16:48 <tyhicks> thanks!

 16:48 <tyhicks> [TOPIC] Highlighted packages

 16:48 <tyhicks> The Ubuntu Security team will highlight some community-supported packages that might be good candidates for updating and or triaging. If you would like to help Ubuntu and not sure where to start, this is a great way to do so.

 16:48 <tyhicks> See https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/UpdateProcedures for details and if you have any questions, feel free to ask in #ubuntu-security. To find out other ways of helping out, please see https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/GettingInvolved.

 16:48 <tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/pngcrush.html

 16:48 <tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/inn.html

 16:48 <tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/minissdpd.html

 16:48 <tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/gitlab.html

 16:48 <tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/tardiff.html

 16:48 <tyhicks> [TOPIC] Miscellaneous and Questions

 16:48 <tyhicks> Does anyone have any other questions or items to discuss?

 16:49 <sbeattie> tyhicks: I have one more item on my plate this week, I may need to spend some time looking at why aslr tests are failing on ppc64el and s390: https://launchpad.net/bugs/1594347

 16:49 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1594347 in QA Regression Testing "kernel-security aslr tests failing on ppc64el and zseries" [Undecided,New]

 16:49 <chrisccoulson> oh, the "no updates planned" from me isn't true - I've got an oxide update to do

 16:50 <tyhicks> sbeattie: huh... let me know if you aren't able to get to it before taking friday (if you take off friday)

 16:51 <tyhicks> s/before taking friday/before friday/

 16:51 <tyhicks> chrisccoulson: ack

 16:51 <tyhicks> mdeslaur, sbeattie, jjohansen, ChrisCoulson, ratliff: Thanks!

 16:51 <tyhicks> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)