== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 28 Jul at 15:01 &mdash; 15:25 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2016/ubuntu-meeting.2016-07-28-15.01.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== lightning round ===
The discussion about "lightning round" started at 15:01.


=== AOB ===
The discussion about "AOB" started at 15:15.

  * ''LINK:'' https://answers.launchpad.net/ubuntu-certification/+question/293705 



== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * pitti (25)
 * sil2100 (21)
 * cyphermox (17)
 * xnox (12)
 * bdmurray (12)
 * tdaitx (10)
 * chiluk (9)
 * robru (8)
 * meetingology (3)
 * ubottu (2)



== Full Log ==


 15:01 <pitti> #startmeeting

 15:01 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Jul 28 15:01:42 2016 UTC.  The chair is pitti. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 15:01 <meetingology> 

 15:01 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 15:01 <pitti> #topic lightning round

 15:01 <pitti> $ echo $(shuf -e barry doko bdmurray slangasek caribou infinity sil2100 robru cyphermox pitti tdaitx xnox chiluk)

 15:01 <pitti> caribou infinity slangasek cyphermox pitti tdaitx bdmurray robru sil2100 doko barry xnox chiluk

 15:02 <chiluk> o/

 15:04 <pitti> no caribou or infinity, or slangasek  -- cyphermox ?

 15:04 <cyphermox> oh really

 15:04 <cyphermox> well, I was on vacation for the past two weeks

 15:04 <cyphermox> yakkety:

 15:04 <cyphermox> - prepare new shim to fix LoadOptions bug on some firmwares

 15:04 <cyphermox> - grub2 bug fix for bug LP: #1229458 (UEFI IPv6 PXE booting -- routing broken)

 15:04 <cyphermox> - revision of the debconf prompts in shim-signed

 15:04 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1229458 in grub2 (Ubuntu) "grubnetx64.efi tftp client does not work over ipv6" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1229458

 15:05 <cyphermox> - planning development work for key usage logic in shim

 15:05 <cyphermox> - ubiquity merges, bugfixing for scaling on HiDPI.

 15:05 <cyphermox> other:

 15:05 <cyphermox> - email catch up

 15:05 <cyphermox> - testing new shim

 15:05 <cyphermox> - filed RT for shim signature

 15:05 <cyphermox> - catching up with installer work

 15:05 <cyphermox> (done)

 15:05 <pitti> netplan: further development, create LP project, land in yakkety (package "nplan"); please experiment and give feedback; started to write detailled documentation

 15:05 <pitti> systemd-session: convert further services, review landing silo problems; most of the necessary infra is in yakkety now, except systemd 231-1 (which just needs an mdadm merge, xnox is on it); planning to flip the switch next week

 15:05 <pitti> merges: apparmor, ebtables, nfs-utils, scsitools

 15:05 <pitti> Build new full langpacks for trusty for point release

 15:05 <pitti> Debug and propose a fix for networking restart/ssh deadlock (#1584393)

 15:05 <pitti> Discuss/investigate using systemd (for snaps) on trusty, have a PoC now (in https://launchpad.net/~pitti/+archive/ubuntu/systemd)

 15:05 <pitti> Investigate apt regression in -proposed (#1607283)

 15:05 <pitti> NOTE: I will be on holidays for 1.5 weeks from next Wed on

 15:05 <pitti> (eof)

 15:06 <tdaitx> Short week: Away on Thursday afternoon and Friday the whole day (moving to a new place); worked fewer hours on the remainig days (burned half-day 'vacation' to compensate)

 15:06 <tdaitx> = OpenJDK security update

 15:06 <tdaitx> - Packaging and testing IcedTea 2.6.7 pre01

 15:06 <tdaitx> = Merges

 15:06 <tdaitx> - Restarted work on isc-dhcp

 15:06 <tdaitx> = AOB

 15:06 <tdaitx> - Still no internet; working from a co-working space

 15:06 <tdaitx> (done)

 15:06 <cyphermox> tdaitx: isc-dhcp?

 15:06 <bdmurray> reported bug regarding canonical-is-charm for haproxy

 15:06 <bdmurray> ubuntu-release-upgrader bug triage

 15:06 <bdmurray> review of trusty HWE unit tests for update-manager

 15:06 <bdmurray> uploaded update-manager with HWE support to yakkety

 15:06 <bdmurray> uploaded update-manager ppa changelogs merge proposal

 15:06 <bdmurray> review of halted phased updates

 15:06 <bdmurray> research into component-mismatches bug opened status issue

 15:06 <bdmurray> submitted merge proposal fixing component-mismatches bug

 15:06 <bdmurray> code review for robru regarding bileto

 15:06 <bdmurray> ✔ done

 15:06 <tdaitx> cyphermox, yes

 15:07 <tdaitx> it is a merge, I started working on that and then the openjdk security update happened

 15:07 <cyphermox> ah ok

 15:08 <robru> oh sorry

 15:08 <robru> one sec

 15:08 <robru> lp:bileto

 15:08 <robru> * finished, landed, and rolled out new status job

 15:08 <robru> * babysat rollout and fixed some issues that popped up in production

 15:08 <robru> lp:cupstream2distro

 15:08 <robru> * ripped out old status job

 15:08 <robru> (done)

 15:08 <sil2100> - Landing team work, silo coordination, preparing landing e-mails

 15:08 <sil2100> - RTM status meetings

 15:08 <sil2100> - Various discussions related to future touch plans

 15:08 <sil2100> - Touch xenial:

 15:08 <sil2100> * Fixing overall ubuntu-touch build failures due to dropped overlay changes

 15:08 <sil2100> * Found missing binary package for gst-plugins-bad1.0 for arm64

 15:08 <sil2100> * No hybris expert around, had to dig into hybris issues myself

 15:08 <sil2100> * Fixed libhybris to be compatible with a stricter gcc

 15:08 <sil2100> * Fixed unresolved symbols in libhybris for the mm linker, did a lot of debugging on a chroot

 15:09 <sil2100> * Enabled gst hybris plugin for arm64 with the new hybris, forced hybris android version 23 for arm64

 15:09 <sil2100> - OTA-12:

 15:09 <sil2100> * Preparing release notes, generating commitlogs

 15:09 <sil2100> * Promoting images, phasing updates, sending announcements

 15:09 <cyphermox> sil2100: poor you, hybris is ugly.

 15:09 <sil2100> - Publishing the unblocked address-book-app to yakkety

 15:09 <sil2100> - Adding a new script to landing-team-tools for generating commitlogs from selected manifests

 15:09 <sil2100> - Started work on switching commitlogs to new bileto published_versions

 15:09 <sil2100> - Discussing the possibility of backporting boost 1.58 to the overlay

 15:09 <sil2100> (done)

 15:09 <sil2100> Yeah, it is

 15:09 <sil2100> But it was nice to see some C code again, I miss that

 15:11 <pitti> doko: ?

 15:11 <xnox> see email

 15:11 <sil2100> He sent his summary through e-mail

 15:11 <pitti> urgh, no barry either -- where is everyone/?

 15:11 <pitti> xnox:

 15:12 <xnox> Fix partman-btrfs in yakkety - failing to install anything

 15:12 <xnox> s390-zfcp - sponsor patch from ibm to debian,  sync to ubuntu, SRU to do

 15:12 <xnox> python-cassandra-driver - SRU python regression fix

 15:12 <xnox> CPC - help with ubuntu on windows images

 15:12 <xnox> fixed mdadm regressions, will be synced to ubuntu today

 15:12 <xnox> btrfs - uploaded into debian, and synced to ubuntu

 15:12 <xnox> ISMS mdadm - not looked into yet, need to shuffle 300GB of data off that raid first to test installer on it =)

 15:12 <xnox> done

 15:12 <xnox> pitti, must be summer or something =)

 15:13 <pitti> chiluk: ?

 15:13 <pitti> xnox: yeah, with all my colleagues disappearing I better go off too :)

 15:15 <pitti> ok, c'est ça apparently

 15:15 <pitti> #topic AOB

 15:15 <pitti> ?

 15:16 <chiluk> woops sorry pitti.. got distracted

 15:16 <chiluk> Intel Power management issues

 15:16 <chiluk> LP#1578840

 15:16 <chiluk> LP#1579917

 15:16 <chiluk> https://answers.launchpad.net/ubuntu-certification/+question/293705

 15:16 <chiluk> Determined my reproducer to be related to my nvidia card.  However once the card was pulled, and the Intel graphics became primary, I found the processor to not spend as much time in low pc states even though it was now able to reach pc6.

 15:16 <chiluk> Worked a bit on zfs services not starting cleanly on first-boot due to missing /etc/mtab.  LP not filed yet.

 15:16 <bdmurray> Could somebody have a look at bug 1571679?

 15:16 <ubottu> bug 1571679 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu) "fwupdate-signed doesn't get installed on upgrade" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1571679

 15:16 <chiluk> -done

 15:17 <pitti> thanks everyone

 15:18 <pitti> AOB, take II?

 15:19 <xnox> bdmurray, i can look into that. i use fwupdate

 15:19 <bdmurray> xnox: okay, thanks

 15:19 <xnox> we did plan to make -signed to be auto-installed at last release sprint with apw or some such

 15:25 <pitti> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)