== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting: DMB, 18 Jul at 19:10 &mdash; 19:17 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2016/ubuntu-meeting.2016-07-18-19.10.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Review of previous action items ===
The discussion about "Review of previous action items" started at 19:10.

  * ''ACTION:'' infinity to make permission changes for new PPU packages for GunnarHj (blocked on previous)

=== Package Set/Per Package Uploader Applications ===
The discussion about "Package Set/Per Package Uploader Applications" started at 19:12.

 * '''Otto Kek채l채inen''' (19:12)
  * Deferred, as Otto is not present.

=== Select a chair for the next meeting ===
The discussion about "Select a chair for the next meeting" started at 19:16.


=== Any other business ===
The discussion about "Any other business" started at 19:16.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * rbasak (24)
 * meetingology (4)
 * BenC (2)
 * bdmurray (1)



== Full Log ==


 19:10 <rbasak> #startmeeting DMB

 19:10 <meetingology> Meeting started Mon Jul 18 19:10:27 2016 UTC.  The chair is rbasak. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 19:10 <meetingology> 

 19:10 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 19:10 <rbasak> #topic Review of previous action items

 19:10 <rbasak> cyphermox: Update Mate packages per Iain Laney's suggestions

 19:10 <rbasak> I guess cyphermox isn't here?

 19:10 <rbasak> everyone to review rbasak's question on devel-permissions and give feedback

 19:11 <rbasak> I'll strike this item now I think. I presume all necessary feedback received. Which leads me to:

 19:11 <rbasak> rbasak to make permission changes for new PPU packages for GunnarHj (blocked on previous)

 19:11 <rbasak> This needs a TB member and I have emailed infinity. He's at a sprint this week (also sending his apologies) but I'll leave him the action.

 19:11 <bdmurray> cyphermox: is on holiday

 19:11 <rbasak> #action infinity to make permission changes for new PPU packages for GunnarHj (blocked on previous)

 19:11 * meetingology infinity to make permission changes for new PPU packages for GunnarHj (blocked on previous)

 19:12 <rbasak> Any other comments on previous action items?

 19:12 <rbasak> #topic Package Set/Per Package Uploader Applications

 19:12 <rbasak> #subtopic Otto Kek채l채inen

 19:12 <rbasak> otto doesn't seem to be here :-/

 19:15 <rbasak> I guess we'll have to defer.

 19:15 <rbasak> #info Deferred, as Otto is not present.

 19:15 <rbasak> IIRC, Jeremy's MOTU application has already been approved.

 19:16 <rbasak> So that leaves

 19:16 <rbasak> #topic Select a chair for the next meeting

 19:16 <rbasak> That will be micah I guess?

 19:16 <rbasak> #topic Any other business

 19:16 <BenC> Yeah, make sure to update so you get skipped after him

 19:16 <BenC> The wiki, that is.

 19:16 <rbasak> Good point, will do.

 19:17 <rbasak> Anything else?

 19:17 <rbasak> I guess we're done then.

 19:17 <rbasak> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)