== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 08 Aug at 16:30 &mdash; 16:49 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2016/ubuntu-meeting.2016-08-08-16.30.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting 
=== Weekly stand-up report ===
The discussion about "Weekly stand-up report" started at 16:31.


=== Highlighted packages ===
The discussion about "Highlighted packages" started at 16:46.

  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/sblim-sfcb.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/macopix.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/gamera.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/t-coffee.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/lsyncd.html 

=== Miscellaneous and Questions ===
The discussion about "Miscellaneous and Questions" started at 16:46.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * tyhicks (32)
 * jdstrand (12)
 * mdeslaur (6)
 * chrisccoulson (5)
 * jjohansen (5)
 * meetingology (3)
 * sarnold (2)



== Full Log ==


 16:30 <tyhicks> #startmeeting

 16:30 <meetingology> Meeting started Mon Aug  8 16:30:57 2016 UTC.  The chair is tyhicks. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:30 <meetingology> 

 16:30 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 16:31 <tyhicks> The meeting agenda can be found at:

 16:31 <tyhicks> [LINK] https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting

 16:31 <tyhicks> [TOPIC] Weekly stand-up report

 16:31 <tyhicks> jdstrand: you're up

 16:31 <jdstrand> hi!

 16:31 <jdstrand> transitional browser-support interface has landed in upstream (chrome/chromium/electron/firefox)

 16:31 <jdstrand> system-trace interface and /usr/src mounting has landed in upstream (bcc)

 16:31 <jdstrand> dbus-app has been reviewed and still in progress. will be working on that this week

 16:31 <jdstrand> snappy PR reviews. Notably, pluggable-storage, zigbee-dongle, docker and lxd

 16:32 <jdstrand> I'm working on pluggable-storage right now

 16:32 <jdstrand> there are various others I've gotten pings on

 16:32 <jdstrand> review tools updates related to browser-support and os snap

 16:32 <jdstrand> I think between all that and various iterations on existing PRs of mine, that's it for me

 16:33 <jdstrand> but if not, I'll start to look at CLONE_NEWUSER vs snap-confine and/or snap-confine with os mounts

 16:33 <jdstrand> that's it for me

 16:33 <mdeslaur> I'm on community this week

 16:34 <jdstrand> (in other words, I'll go down the list in the snappy lane)

 16:35 <mdeslaur> I'm about to publish some curl updates

 16:35 <mdeslaur> and I'll be going down the cve list after that

 16:35 <mdeslaur> that's it from me

 16:35 <mdeslaur> who's next?

 16:35 <tyhicks> me

 16:35 <tyhicks> I'm on CVE triage this week

 16:35 <tyhicks> I will be assisting with some MIR review work

 16:36 <tyhicks> I'll be working on seccomp complain mode for snappy

 16:37 <tyhicks> it looks like I need to investigate AppArmor SRU autopkgtest regressions

 16:37 <tyhicks> and then maybe I'll get to some review tools work for squashfs bugs

 16:37 <tyhicks> that's it for me

 16:37 <tyhicks> jjohansen: you're up

 16:38 <jjohansen> I have a short week this week, I will be out wednesday and thursday, and maybe but hopefully not friday

 16:38 <jjohansen> I am going to finish up on my review of the gsettings apparmor work

 16:39 <jjohansen> and continue chasing a couple oopses that have surfaced in the stacking work that is supposed to fix the name lookup errors

 16:40 <tyhicks> jjohansen: are you ready to send a pull request to the kteam after those oopses are fixed?

 16:40 <jjohansen> tyhicks: hopefully, pending further testing, with lxc etc

 16:40 <tyhicks> great to hear!

 16:41 <jjohansen> thats it for /me sarnold you are up

 16:41 <tyhicks> I don't see sarnold around yet

 16:41 <tyhicks> he'll be focused on MIRs this week (he's in the happy place)

 16:41 <tyhicks> chrisccoulson: go ahead

 16:42 <chrisccoulson> I've got Chromium to sponsor this week

 16:43 <chrisccoulson> I also want to finish off my instructions for updating Flash (I did start that, but just haven't finished it off yet)

 16:44 <chrisccoulson> I spent quite a bit of time last week debugging a couple of regressions in oxide, but managed to get through a few items on https://blueprints.launchpad.net/oxide/+spec/converged-device-support. I want to get through a few more this week

 16:44 <chrisccoulson> And also have a play with snappy

 16:44 <chrisccoulson> That's me done

 16:44 <sarnold> heh tyhicks could stand in for my reports :) happy place, MIRs, and also snapping a snap with snapcraft for snap and snapd on snappy ubuntu core. I'll try to make it snappy. (Get it? alligator sandwich?)

 16:45 <tyhicks> :)

 16:45 <tyhicks> thanks

 16:46 <tyhicks> [TOPIC] Highlighted packages

 16:46 <tyhicks> The Ubuntu Security team will highlight some community-supported packages that might be good candidates for updating and or triaging. If you would like to help Ubuntu and not sure where to start, this is a great way to do so.

 16:46 <tyhicks> See https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/UpdateProcedures for details and if you have any questions, feel free to ask in #ubuntu-security. To find out other ways of helping out, please see https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/GettingInvolved.

 16:46 <tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/sblim-sfcb.html

 16:46 <tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/macopix.html

 16:46 <tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/gamera.html

 16:46 <tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/t-coffee.html

 16:46 <tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/lsyncd.html

 16:46 <tyhicks> [TOPIC] Miscellaneous and Questions

 16:46 <tyhicks> Does anyone have any other questions or items to discuss?

 16:48 <sarnold> heh, "gamera"... "gamera is really neat! gamera is filled with meat!"

 16:49 <mdeslaur> lol

 16:49 <tyhicks> jdstrand, mdeslaur, jjohansen, sarnold, ChrisCoulson: Thanks!

 16:49 <tyhicks> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)