== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 28 Mar at 16:34 &mdash; 16:48 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2016/ubuntu-meeting.2016-03-28-16.34.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting 
=== Weekly stand-up report ===
The discussion about "Weekly stand-up report" started at 16:34.


=== Highlighted packages ===
The discussion about "Highlighted packages" started at 16:44.

  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/gtkwave.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/libinfinity.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/gcc-h8300-hms.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/batmand.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/fso-frameworkd.html 

=== Miscellaneous and Questions ===
The discussion about "Miscellaneous and Questions" started at 16:45.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * tyhicks (29)
 * sbeattie (9)
 * jdstrand (7)
 * sarnold (3)
 * meetingology (3)



== Full Log ==


 16:34 <tyhicks> #startmeeting

 16:34 <meetingology> Meeting started Mon Mar 28 16:34:37 2016 UTC.  The chair is tyhicks. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:34 <meetingology> 

 16:34 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 16:34 <tyhicks> The meeting agenda can be found at:

 16:34 <tyhicks> [LINK] https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting

 16:34 <tyhicks> [TOPIC] Weekly stand-up report

 16:34 <tyhicks> jdstrand: you're up

 16:35 <jdstrand> hey

 16:35 <jdstrand> I'm working on snappy stuff this week. specifically, I just uploaded it for a devpts newinstance, I've got a branch of fixes from sarnold's review and working on argument filtering today

 16:36 <jdstrand> I will continue to help with landing the caps -> interfaces transition

 16:36 <jdstrand> and snappy on classic policy

 16:36 <jdstrand> I think that's it from me

 16:36 <jdstrand> sbeattie: you're up

 16:37 <sbeattie> I'm in the happy place this week

 16:37 <sbeattie> After being off a week, I'm currently shoveling email by the truckload into a garbage bin

 16:38 <sbeattie> I need to see where the apparmor stacking stuff is at

 16:38 <sbeattie> I have some apparmor patches to review and other bits to work on there as well

 16:38 <sbeattie> I have a couple of kernel signoff tasks waiting for me.

 16:39 * jdstrand notes that 'it' in the first sentence of mine was the launcher

 16:39 <sbeattie> I also plan on doing more pie work in preparation for 16.10 opening.

 16:39 <sbeattie> That's pretty much it for me

 16:39 <sbeattie> tyhicks: over to you

 16:40 <tyhicks> I'm on community this week

 16:40 <tyhicks> I'm currently wrapping up the AppArmor testplan for the 2.10.95 upload to xenial

 16:41 <tyhicks> it has been a painful process

 16:41 <tyhicks> I'd eventually like for us to automatically run most of those tests so that we're not seeing a bunch of test breakage right before an upload

 16:42 <tyhicks> after apparmor is uploaded, I need to catch up on email

 16:42 <tyhicks> I have ignored it for too long

 16:42 <tyhicks> then I need to do ecryptfs maintenance stuff (a couple bug fixes, patch reviews, mailing list replies)

 16:42 <sbeattie> tyhicks: anything we can help with on the testing front?

 16:43 <tyhicks> sbeattie: I think I'm a couple hours away from wrapping it up

 16:43 <sarnold> jenkaas may be useful..

 16:43 <tyhicks> if I get through all of that, I want to start pitching in with review work (MIRs, MP reviews, etc.)

 16:43 <tyhicks> sarnold: speaking of MIRs, you're up :)

 16:44 <sarnold> i'm on bug triage this week; I'm going to finish the fwupd mir today (and this time I mean it -- new approach, strace / exectrace the thing and try to see if the firmware.xml.gz is gpg checked or not rather than continuing via source inspection); I'll start golang-websocket-dev MIR but since I also have sprint travel prep, short week, may not finish it

 16:44 <tyhicks> oh... short week for me, too (off friday)

 16:44 <sarnold> I think that's it for me, tyhicks back to you?

 16:44 <tyhicks> thanks

 16:44 <tyhicks> [TOPIC] Highlighted packages

 16:45 <tyhicks> The Ubuntu Security team will highlight some community-supported packages that might be good candidates for updating and or triaging. If you would like to help Ubuntu and not sure where to start, this is a great way to do so.

 16:45 <tyhicks> See https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/UpdateProcedures for details and if you have any questions, feel free to ask in #ubuntu-security. To find out other ways of helping out, please see https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/GettingInvolved.

 16:45 <tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/gtkwave.html

 16:45 <tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/libinfinity.html

 16:45 <tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/gcc-h8300-hms.html

 16:45 <tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/batmand.html

 16:45 <tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/fso-frameworkd.html

 16:45 <tyhicks> [TOPIC] Miscellaneous and Questions

 16:45 <tyhicks> Does anyone have any other questions or items to discuss?

 16:48 <tyhicks> jdstrand, sbeattie, sarnold: Thanks!

 16:48 <tyhicks> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)