== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting: ubuntu-server-team, 13 Dec at 16:01 &mdash; 16:26 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2016/ubuntu-meeting.2016-12-13-16.01.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Review ACTION points from previous meeting ===
The discussion about "Review ACTION points from previous meeting" started at 16:01.


=== Zesty Development ===
The discussion about "Zesty Development" started at 16:02.

  * ''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ZestyZapus/ReleaseSchedule 
  * ''LINK:'' https://blueprints.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+spec/servercloud-z-server-core 
  * ''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ServerTeam/Meeting/IRCCommands 

=== Server & Cloud Bugs & SRU/Pending Uploads (caribou) ===
The discussion about "Server & Cloud Bugs & SRU/Pending Uploads (caribou)" started at 16:08.


=== Weekly Updates & Questions for the QA Team (powersj) ===
The discussion about "Weekly Updates & Questions for the QA Team (powersj)" started at 16:11.

  * ''LINK:'' https://jenkins.ubuntu.com/server/ 

=== Weekly Updates & Questions for the Kernel Team (smb, sforshee) ===
The discussion about "Weekly Updates & Questions for the Kernel Team (smb, sforshee)" started at 16:15.


=== Upcoming Call For Papers ===
The discussion about "Upcoming Call For Papers" started at 16:18.

  * ''LINK:'' https://lwn.net/Calendar/Monthly/cfp/ 

=== Ubuntu Server Team Events ===
The discussion about "Ubuntu Server Team Events" started at 16:22.


=== Open Discussion ===
The discussion about "Open Discussion" started at 16:23.

  * ''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/Kernel/RollingLTSEnablementStack 
  * ''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/Kernel/RollingLTSEnablementStack 

=== Announce next meeting date, time and chair ===
The discussion about "Announce next meeting date, time and chair" started at 16:25.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * smoser (51)
 * caribou (33)
 * jgrimm (16)
 * cpaelzer (13)
 * powersj (9)
 * ubottu (9)
 * nacc (3)
 * meetingology (3)
 * smb (1)



== Full Log ==


 16:01 <smoser> #startmeeting ubuntu-server-team

 16:01 <meetingology> Meeting started Tue Dec 13 16:01:43 2016 UTC.  The chair is smoser. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:01 <meetingology> 

 16:01 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 16:01 <smoser> #topic Review ACTION points from previous meeting

 16:02 <smoser> there appear to be no action points from last meeting per https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ServerTeam/Meeting

 16:02 <jgrimm> \o/

 16:02 <smoser> so... DONE!

 16:02 <smoser> #topic Zesty Development

 16:02 <smoser> #link https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ZestyZapus/ReleaseSchedule

 16:03 <jgrimm> #link https://blueprints.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+spec/servercloud-z-server-core

 16:03 <nacc> (late) o/

 16:03 <smoser> hm... we should add that link to https://blueprints.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+spec/servercloud-z-server-core

 16:03 <smoser> bah

 16:03 <smoser> to

 16:03 <smoser> https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ServerTeam/Meeting/IRCCommands

 16:04 * smoser does this.

 16:04 <jgrimm> merges are proceeding nicely, with folks picking up new merge work

 16:04 <jgrimm> smoser, +1 thanks

 16:05 <smoser> jgrimm, was there something you wanted to say there ?

 16:05 <smoser> we have lots of stuff in  progrwss it looks like, which is good.

 16:05 <jgrimm> smoser, just wanted to point out the progress

 16:05 <smoser> alright. then http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-z-tracking-bug-tasks.html#ubuntu-server

 16:06 <jgrimm> which indeed is very good, compared to where we often are at this stage of the cycle

 16:06 <smoser> The top one on that list is mine, and is now fixed in zesty.

 16:06 <smoser> anyone want to comment on others ?

 16:06 * smoser will go ahead and fix the second one there too today

 16:06 <jgrimm> smoser, thanks.  nothing else particularly interesting there

 16:06 <nacc> python-django is inprogress, fixed

 16:08 <smoser> #topic Server & Cloud Bugs & SRU/Pending Uploads (caribou)

 16:08 <caribou> Outstanding SRUs :

 16:08 <caribou> LP: #1447715 - dhclient -6: Can't bind to dhcp address: Cannot assign requested address

 16:08 <caribou> - Series to SRU : xenial

 16:08 <caribou> - Owners : Dan Streetman

 16:08 <caribou> LP: #1452202 - ubuntu preseed install fails to set a hostname

 16:08 <caribou> - Series to SRU : xenial

 16:08 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1447715 in ifupdown (Ubuntu Xenial) "dhclient -6: Can't bind to dhcp address: Cannot assign requested address" [Medium,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1447715

 16:08 <caribou> - Owners : Eric Desrochers

 16:08 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1452202 in netcfg (Debian) "ubuntu preseed install fails to set a hostname" [Unknown,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1452202

 16:08 <caribou> LP: #1579609 - os-prober bug resulting in possible FS corruption

 16:08 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1579609 in os-prober (Ubuntu Xenial) "os-prober bug resulting in possible FS corruption" [Critical,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1579609

 16:08 <caribou> - Series to SRU : xenial

 16:08 <caribou> - Owners : Eric Desrochers

 16:08 <caribou> LP: #1621340 - [SRU]'multipath -r' causes /dev/mapper/<wwid> being removed

 16:08 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1621340 in multipath-tools (Ubuntu Xenial) "[SRU]'multipath -r' causes /dev/mapper/<wwid> being removed" [Medium,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1621340

 16:08 <caribou> - Series to SRU : xenial

 16:08 <caribou> - Owners : Hua Zhang

 16:08 <caribou> LP: #1634304 - Unable to complete install: 'Couldn't find hvm kernel for Ubuntu tree

 16:08 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1634304 in virt-manager (Ubuntu Yakkety) "Unable to complete install: 'Couldn't find hvm kernel for Ubuntu tree" [Undecided,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1634304

 16:08 <caribou> - Series to SRU : xenial yakkety

 16:08 <caribou> - Owners : Tyler Hicks

 16:08 <caribou> LP: #1640275 - move nvme driver to linux-image

 16:08 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1640275 in linux (Ubuntu Trusty) "move nvme driver to linux-image" [Undecided,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1640275

 16:08 <caribou> - Series to SRU : trusty

 16:08 <caribou> - Owners : Dan Streetman

 16:08 <caribou> LP: #1640382 - Segfault event notifier because of race condition

 16:08 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1640382 in qemu (Ubuntu Trusty) "Segfault event notifier because of race condition" [Medium,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1640382

 16:09 <caribou> - Series to SRU : trusty

 16:09 <caribou> - Owners : Seyeong Kim

 16:09 <caribou> LP: #1640676 - [SRU] libvirt 1.2.12 live-migration corrupts some instances

 16:09 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1640676 in libvirt (Ubuntu Trusty) "[SRU] libvirt 1.2.12 live-migration corrupts some instances" [High,Incomplete] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1640676

 16:09 <caribou> - Series to SRU : trusty

 16:09 <caribou> - Owners : Unowned

 16:09 <caribou> LP: #1642903 - introduce disk/by-id (model_serial) symlinks for NVMe drives

 16:09 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1642903 in systemd (Ubuntu Trusty) "introduce disk/by-id (model_serial) symlinks for NVMe drives" [Undecided,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1642903

 16:09 <caribou> - Series to SRU : xenial trusty yakkety

 16:09 <caribou> - Owners : Unowned

 16:09 <caribou> Some of them are awaiting verification

 16:09 <caribou> other than that, thanks to smoser for helping out with the CloudSigma issue

 16:09 <smoser> caribou, that is now fixed in zesty

 16:09 <cpaelzer> I can confirm that libvirt and qemu ones are in verification step by the STS drivers, thanks to all of them

 16:10 <caribou> smoser: yes, I saw that. Need the SRU to X & a respin of the image

 16:10 <smoser> and we can/should sru it to xenial/yakkety. my plan is at the moment to wait on the other upload that is currently in the proposed queue.

 16:10 <smoser> anything else ?

 16:10 <powersj> I cleaned out htop, iotop, and nicstat defects as a part of the MIR process. Have small list to consider for Trusty, but odds are the work required to SRU is too great.

 16:10 <caribou> no

 16:10 <caribou> (nothing else)

 16:11 <smoser> #topic Weekly Updates & Questions for the QA Team (powersj)

 16:11 <powersj> Jenkins is now running daily builds and unittests of tot/master for simplestreams, cloud-init, and curtin. cloud-init integration tests are now run against proposed when a package exists for xenial and yakkety. The integration tests have been proposed as a merge, still pending.

 16:11 <powersj> Updated baremeal slaves to have lxd use zfs as a backend and updated pylxd to version 2.1.3. Run times for integration tests dropped from 50 min to 12 min. Continued struggles with getting the power8 system up and running; currently waiting on a firewall change.

 16:11 <powersj> Working to get Xenial based VM slaves to replace  our Trusty VMs. Taking the time to also automate the deployment of dependencies as well and try to use distro python packages over pip whenever possible during the transition.

 16:11 <powersj> questions? comments?

 16:12 <cpaelzer> here

 16:12 <smoser> powersj, nice work there.

 16:12 <jgrimm> dropped from 50 min to 12 min

 16:12 <cpaelzer> FYI I added a tight redo live migration loop to the migration tests

 16:12 <jgrimm> powersj, nice^^

 16:12 <powersj> thx

 16:12 <cpaelzer> so far they all work fine

 16:12 <cpaelzer> IBM retracted their bug report that caused me to add those, but I thought we might as well keep them

 16:13 * smoser tried pylxd in a virtual env and realized it has C python dependencies :-(

 16:13 <cpaelzer> now does on top all we did 10 fast migrations back+forth with load and without load so eventually 10*2*2=40

 16:13 <powersj> cpaelzer: thanks for heads up

 16:14 <powersj> /whois powersj

 16:14 <powersj> woops

 16:14 <nacc> heh

 16:14 <smoser> #link https://jenkins.ubuntu.com/server/

 16:14 <jgrimm> heh

 16:15 <smoser> #topic Weekly Updates & Questions for the Kernel Team (smb, sforshee)

 16:15 <smoser> is smb around ?

 16:15 <cpaelzer> he was today at least

 16:17 <cpaelzer> he is not in here

 16:17 <cpaelzer> smoser: go on we can highlight him internally and if he can join he can comment later

 16:18 <smoser> yeah

 16:18 <jgrimm> smb, anything to report for kernel team?

 16:18 <smoser> #topic Upcoming Call For Papers

 16:18 <smoser> #link https://lwn.net/Calendar/Monthly/cfp/

 16:18 <cpaelzer> fyi smb is about to appear

 16:18 <smb> jgrimm, No nothing specific (and sorry for tunring up late)

 16:20 <smoser> one related kernel thing

 16:20 <smoser> that might have been brought up before

 16:20 <smoser> there are now

 16:20 <smoser> https://launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/linux-hwe-edge/4.8.0-30.32~16.04.1

 16:20 <smoser> hwe-edge kernels available on xenial

 16:21 <smoser> i think that is recently new. probalby better link at https://launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/linux-hwe-edge/

 16:22 <smoser> so items on the lwn.net link there are FOSS Asia on the 20th and DjangoCon EU and PGConf India on December 312

 16:22 <smoser> December 31

 16:22 <smoser> moving on

 16:22 <smoser> #topic Ubuntu Server Team Events

 16:22 <smoser> anything here ?

 16:23 <smoser> ok.

 16:23 <smoser> #topic Open Discussion

 16:23 <smoser> anyone have anythin here ?

 16:23 <cpaelzer> I relaized I forgot in caribous section before

 16:23 <jgrimm> smoser, to add to your topic of hwe-edge...

 16:23 <cpaelzer> Of my assigned bugs over the last 11 days finally closing 1633207, 1546674, 1640805, 1641618, 1638329

 16:23 <jgrimm> https://wiki.ubuntu.com/Kernel/RollingLTSEnablementStack

 16:23 <cpaelzer> IIRC 3 of them had SRU impact eventually 1633207 (Y), 1546674 (X), 1640805 (T)

 16:23 <jgrimm> #link https://wiki.ubuntu.com/Kernel/RollingLTSEnablementStack

 16:23 <jgrimm> smoser, ^^ describes rolling HWE and the new edge package

 16:23 <smoser> thank you jgrimm

 16:24 <jgrimm> np, that's it for me

 16:25 <smoser> alright.

 16:25 <smoser> #topic Announce next meeting date, time and chair

 16:26 <smoser> we'll see you next time at

 16:26 <smoser> Tue, 20 Dec 2016 16:00:00 +0000

 16:26 <smoser> with rbasak on chair

 16:26 <smoser> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)