== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 09 Jun at 15:02 &mdash; 15:27 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2016/ubuntu-meeting.2016-06-09-15.02.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning round ===
The discussion about "Lightning round" started at 15:03.


=== Sprint prep ===
The discussion about "Sprint prep" started at 15:20.

  * ''LINK:'' https://docs.google.com/document/d/1rdiLICseBxX6Gml586DR1YDaFmbYuGEUcayFKdYAWRY/edit 

=== AOB ===
The discussion about "AOB" started at 15:25.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * cyphermox (35)
 * slangasek (34)
 * sil2100 (20)
 * robru (18)
 * pitti (17)
 * caribou (17)
 * bdmurray (17)
 * xnox (13)
 * ubottu (11)
 * ogra_ (6)
 * meetingology (3)
 * doko (2)



== Full Log ==


 15:02 <slangasek> #startmeeting

 15:02 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Jun  9 15:02:53 2016 UTC.  The chair is slangasek. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 15:02 <meetingology> 

 15:02 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 15:03 <slangasek> [TOPIC] Lightning round

 15:03 <slangasek> $ echo $(shuf -e barry doko bdmurray slangasek caribou infinity sil2100 robru cyphermox pitti tdaitx xnox chiluk)

 15:03 <slangasek> robru doko sil2100 infinity chiluk slangasek bdmurray xnox caribou pitti tdaitx cyphermox barry

 15:03 <slangasek> robru: tag

 15:03 <robru> I win!

 15:03 <cyphermox> boo, I keep losing

 15:03 <robru> lp:bileto

 15:03 <robru> * various iterations & fixes on audit log reporting of new parallel build/diff job

 15:03 <robru> * various debian/changelog generation fixes

 15:03 <robru> * resurrect 0replaceme version-munging feature in debian/ dir.

 15:03 <robru> * move "show/hide audit log" button to a more usable location

 15:03 <robru> * halve disk space usage by not unpacking DSCs twice while diffing

 15:03 <robru> * cleanup redundant gpgv noise in build logs

 15:03 <robru> * prevent old xenial+vivid silos from building (must migrate to trio)

 15:03 <robru> * implement locking to prevent concurrent job runs

 15:03 <robru> * notify user when ticket is "queued" for britney but first run hasn't started yet

 15:03 <robru> * added chronological list of all job logs: https://requests.ci-train.ubuntu.com/log/

 15:03 <robru> * stop running britney on silos already approved by britney or qa (speeds britney runs from 80 minutes to 20 minutes)

 15:04 <doko> - last week at PyCon, came back yesterday, catching up with things, and will summarize PyCon later this week

 15:04 <doko> (done)

 15:04 <pitti> robru: you aren't using debdiff? or did you optimize that?

 15:05 <slangasek> sil2100 says he'll be a little late for the meeting

 15:05 <robru> pitti: yes, what happened is that dget and debdiff both 'dpkg-source -x' the dsc into different places. I suppressed dget's unpacking.

 15:05 <slangasek> hmm no infinity

 15:05 <slangasek> chiluk:

 15:05 <pitti> robru: oh, nice idea, so once britney is content you don't re-run her to have second thoughts? :-)

 15:06 <robru> pitti: yeah, lots of redundant britney runs on silos already-approved. and bileto is already smart enough to clear all the signoffs when a silo is rebuilt so I think this is a safe change

 15:07 <pitti> robru: yes, I agree, should be safe (unless the silo actually changes)

 15:07 <robru> pitti: even a manual upload, while 'Currently building' will clear all the signoffs and force a fresh britney run

 15:08 <pitti> nice

 15:09 <slangasek> * working on SRU queue

 15:09 <slangasek> * continuing to work through the libpoppler transition, which keeps getting bigger each time I look at it; now only 2 blocking packages out of 160

 15:09 <slangasek> * snapd accepted into Debian unstable

 15:09 <slangasek> * sprint planning

 15:09 <slangasek> * taking tomorrow off for travel swap

 15:09 <slangasek> bdmurray:

 15:09 <slangasek> (done)

 15:09 <bdmurray> short week w/ Friday holiday

 15:09 <bdmurray> discussed retracing arm64 and ppc64el with pitti

 15:09 <bdmurray> review of the retracer statuses (looks good after 711 roll-out)

 15:09 <bdmurray> worked w/ webops about RT 91903 (gunicorn timeout) being not resolved

 15:09 <bdmurray> updated my apport retracer branch w/ upstream changes

 15:09 <bdmurray> backported gdb version 7.11 for Error Tracker

 15:09 <bdmurray> added some people to Error Tracker access group

 15:09 <bdmurray> redeployment of devops / staging Error Tracker setup

 15:09 <bdmurray> reported bug 1588479 re: dkms kernel check

 15:09 <bdmurray> submitted MP re sru tools adding release tasks

 15:09 <ubottu> bug 1588479 in dkms (Ubuntu) "dkms_packages.py supported kernel check seems wrong" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1588479

 15:09 <bdmurray> investigation into trevino being emailed multiple times about regressions

 15:09 <bdmurray> fixed phased updater issue with unicode and uploader names

 15:09 <bdmurray> ✔ done

 15:09 <bdmurray> SRU review of xenial / kpatch for arges

 15:09 <bdmurray> updated snapd SRU wiki page

 15:09 <bdmurray> updated teams for rls mgr reports

 15:10 <cyphermox> am I getting the messages out of order or were they pasted that way?

 15:10 <cyphermox> (ie. done earlier, etc..)

 15:10 <caribou> UDP pasting

 15:10 <xnox> lol

 15:10 <bdmurray> I was well done, not pre done

 15:11 <robru> cyphermox: bdmurray I also see three lines after done

 15:11 <cyphermox> ok :)

 15:11 <xnox> me?

 15:11 <xnox> progress on ubuntu advantage

 15:11 <xnox> progress on test images for L1CC

 15:11 <xnox> s390-tools fixes with an SRU bug #1567473, bug #1580226, bug #1582728

 15:11 <xnox> libseccomp merge #1580558 and oprofile merge #1581540

 15:11 <xnox> debconf & anthens organisation

 15:11 <xnox> done

 15:11 <ubottu> bug 1567473 in s390-tools (Ubuntu Xenial) "s390-tools: missing ts-shell" [Medium,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1567473

 15:11 <ubottu> bug 1580226 in Ubuntu on IBM z Systems "Please install the iucvtty-login@.service instance service unit" [Medium,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1580226

 15:11 <ubottu> bug 1582728 in s390-tools (Ubuntu Xenial) "DASDFMT fails with a buffer overflow error" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1582728

 15:11 <caribou> Bugfix :

 15:11 <caribou> - multipathd double-free coredump LP: #1535898

 15:11 <caribou> Identified missed patch proposed by cyphermox.

 15:11 <caribou> Testing on system that can easily reproduce the core

 15:11 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1535898 in multipath-tools (Ubuntu Precise) "Trusty & Vivid multipath-tools (multipathd) seg-fault core dump" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1535898

 15:11 <caribou> Development work:

 15:11 <caribou> - Various merges :

 15:11 <caribou> corosync : reviewing upstream changes before syncing

 15:11 <caribou> kexec-tools

 15:11 <caribou> clamav

 15:11 <caribou> - Investigate crashdump charm enablement of remote dumps

 15:11 <caribou> Misc sponsor : isc-dhcp, swauth, multipath-tools

 15:11 <caribou> - Interviews

 15:11 <caribou> ☑ Done

 15:11 <slangasek> xnox: so you're our designated translator in Athens, right? :)

 15:12 <slangasek> (you pasted one word in Greek into a team meeting months ago; this makes you an expert)

 15:12 <caribou> then anyone talking about alpha & beta would become experts

 15:12 <xnox> slangasek, no thanks.... however do note that intercity bus information for KTEL busses is only provided in Greek, via local greek telephone line, with no bus numbers / route maps / bus stops / or timetables and one should just "hail" it.

 15:13 <cyphermox> caribou: that's two letters < one word

 15:13 <pitti> network YAML config:

 15:13 <pitti> - several looong meetings about the design, bringing snappy into the picture

 15:13 <pitti> - rewrote spec accordingly, the format starts looking and working well

 15:13 <pitti> - started implementation of this in https://git.launchpad.net/~pitti/+git/ubuntu-network-config/

 15:13 <pitti> autopkgtest: Reorganize storage on debci which was utterly slow and getting out of space

 15:13 <pitti> meeting: upower vs. unity-settings-daemon vs. powerd

 15:13 <pitti> merges: cdebconf, ifupdown, resolvconf

 15:13 <pitti> python-dbusmock: Review/land Pete's branch, new upstream release, backport to overlay PPA

 15:13 <pitti> Revisit what /etc/init.d/ondemand should do, and provide replacement unit (#1579278, #1584124)

 15:13 <pitti> some more work on dropping initscripts dependencies

 15:13 <pitti> usual archive admin/proposed-migration/SRU chores

 15:13 <pitti> (done)

 15:13 <sil2100> o/

 15:14 <slangasek> xnox: surely google maps tracks the buses in realtime with or without their cooperation

 15:14 <slangasek> tdaitx is out this week

 15:14 <slangasek> sil2100: hi, your turn :)

 15:14 <sil2100> Oooo

 15:14 <sil2100> Ok

 15:14 <sil2100> (sorry for being late)

 15:14 <sil2100> - Recovering from a laptop hardware failure, trying to retreive all data

 15:14 <sil2100> - Landing team work, silo coordination, preparing landing e-mails

 15:14 <sil2100> - RTM status meetings

 15:14 <sil2100> - Xenial touch transition:

 15:14 <sil2100> * Building initramfs-tools-ubuntu-touch dependencies for arm64

 15:14 <sil2100> * Working on getting initramfs-tools-ubuntu-touch buildable on arm64

 15:14 <sil2100> - Adding channels.json re-signing to the re-sign-indexes script on system-image

 15:14 <sil2100> - Looking into necessary changes to landing-team scripts

 15:14 <sil2100> - Fixing yakkety touch builds

 15:14 <sil2100> - Testing and landing the lxc and ltt-control silos for vivid

 15:14 <sil2100> - DMB meeting

 15:15 <sil2100> - Flight preparatinon for nearing sprint

 15:15 <sil2100> (done)

 15:15 <xnox> slangasek, they were pissed off at one website that did the screen scrapping and they pulled the info off the web and changed the timetables to screw with everybody. So even google maps doesn't know. I might need to try openstreetmap or something.

 15:15 <cyphermox> precise:

 15:15 <cyphermox> - debugging sbsigntool cert expiry error (bug LP: #1234649)

 15:15 <cyphermox> - sbsigntool SRUs

 15:15 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1234649 in sbsigntool (Ubuntu Precise) "UEFI shim verification against microsoft-uefica-public.pem fails with 20131003 saucy images" [Medium,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1234649

 15:15 <cyphermox> xenial:

 15:15 <cyphermox> - libdebian-installer SRU EFI detection (bug LP: #1582320)

 15:15 <cyphermox> - upload grub2/shim-signed/dkms SRU for SB

 15:15 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1582320 in libdebian-installer (Ubuntu Xenial) "libdebian-installer uses a different detection method for EFI than efivar" [Critical,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1582320

 15:15 <cyphermox> yakkety:

 15:15 <cyphermox> - aptdaemon port to packagekit 1.1.1 (bug LP: #1496292)

 15:15 <cyphermox> - debugging timezone crash in ubiquity (bug LP: #1587555)

 15:15 <cyphermox> - fix console-setup install in ubiquity (bug LP: #1578285)

 15:15 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1496292 in packagekit (Ubuntu) "Needs to be ported to packagekit 1" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1496292

 15:15 <slangasek> xnox: I assumed google knew by crowdsourcing pictures of buses in the background of photos in realtime

 15:15 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1587555 in ubiquity (Ubuntu) "Installer crashed during installation" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1587555

 15:15 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1578285 in ubiquity (Ubuntu) "Ubiquity 16.10.1 fails at keyboard setup page" [Medium,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1578285

 15:15 <cyphermox> - fix from Dan Watkins for apt-setup notice for universe packages (bug LP: #1590358)

 15:15 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1590358 in apt-setup (Ubuntu Xenial) "universe description incorrectly suggests software may be non-free" [Medium,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1590358

 15:15 <cyphermox> - + SRU to xenial

 15:15 <cyphermox> - libdebian-installer efi detection fix (bug LP: #1582320)

 15:15 <xnox> slangasek, lol

 15:15 <cyphermox> - shim-signed re-enable and dkms check

 15:15 <cyphermox> - tracking down missing /etc/default/rcS

 15:15 <cyphermox> - missing because procps no longer Depends on initscripts; needs fixing in clock-setup/ubiquity to guard against ENOENT

 15:15 <cyphermox> - ubiquity update (d-i packages) and pyflakes fixes

 15:15 <cyphermox> - upload shim-signed minor fixes for update-secureboot-policy

 15:16 <cyphermox> ±other stuff:

 15:16 <cyphermox> - SecureBoot testing

 15:16 <cyphermox> - various meetings about networking

 15:16 <cyphermox> (done ✅)

 15:16 <cyphermox> want to hear an UDP joke?

 15:16 <xnox> go on

 15:16 <cyphermox> you won't get it, and I really don't care.

 15:17 * xnox LOL

 15:17 <slangasek> two packets went into a tunnel

 15:17 <slangasek> and no barry this morning, per his email (status on the list)

 15:17 <slangasek> any questions?

 15:17 <robru> heh

 15:20 <slangasek> [TOPIC] Sprint prep

 15:20 <slangasek> only two more days, hopefully you all have your tickets booked ;P

 15:20 <slangasek> https://docs.google.com/document/d/1rdiLICseBxX6Gml586DR1YDaFmbYuGEUcayFKdYAWRY/edit

 15:20 * ogra_ has :)

 15:20 <slangasek> get your topics on the agenda, please

 15:20 <caribou> slangasek: yes, on Air France which will be on strike on sunday :-/

 15:21 <slangasek> cross-team topics, I'm planning on scheduling on the Client Track calendar

 15:21 <cyphermox> caribou: you'll be walking?!

 15:21 <ogra_> there might be ferries too

 15:21 <caribou> cyphermox: yes, I'm leaving right after the meeting

 15:21 <cyphermox> caribou: cool ;)

 15:21 <slangasek> internal topics, I was not planning on scheduling on the calendar; if anyone has a topic that they think needs an explicit meeting scheduled, feel free to put it on the Foundations calendar or just ask me to schedule it

 15:22 <pitti> cyphermox: aptdaemon port> nice! so aptdaemon is still a thing, even with gnome-software?

 15:22 <slangasek> ogra_, caribou: yes, I hear a lot of people take the boat to Greece nowadays

 15:22 <cyphermox> pitti: there are things using it; it seemed less involved / less work to just fix it enough for it to work

 15:22 <ogra_> ow

 15:22 <cyphermox> pitti: so; aptdaemon but no pkcompat.

 15:23 <cyphermox> that means there is still some work necessary to make sure all is well and that packagekit will finally transition.

 15:23 <sil2100> ogra_: oh my, you'll be on the sprint as well?

 15:23 <ogra_> sil2100, yeah, there was beer left and they needed someone to drink it all up

 15:23 <ogra_> so i volunteered

 15:23 <sil2100> ogra_: like good old times then

 15:23 <sil2100> ;)

 15:24 <ogra_> yeah :D

 15:25 <slangasek> [TOPIC] AOB

 15:25 <slangasek> anything else today?

 15:25 <cyphermox> fyi, I'll be out for the afternoon

 15:27 <slangasek> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)