== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 16 May at 16:31 &mdash; 16:55 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2016/ubuntu-meeting.2016-05-16-16.31.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting 
=== Weekly stand-up report ===
The discussion about "Weekly stand-up report" started at 16:31.


=== Highlighted packages ===
The discussion about "Highlighted packages" started at 16:50.

  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/zookeeper.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/zeromq.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/lhasa.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/pen.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/dcmtk.html 

=== Miscellaneous and Questions ===
The discussion about "Miscellaneous and Questions" started at 16:51.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * jdstrand (29)
 * sbeattie (8)
 * sarnold (7)
 * mdeslaur (7)
 * jjohansen (6)
 * chrisccoulson (5)
 * ubottu (3)
 * meetingology (3)



== Full Log ==


 16:31 <jdstrand> #startmeeting

 16:31 <meetingology> Meeting started Mon May 16 16:31:39 2016 UTC.  The chair is jdstrand. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:31 <meetingology> 

 16:31 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 16:31 <jdstrand> The meeting agenda can be found at:

 16:31 <jdstrand> [LINK] https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting

 16:31 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Weekly stand-up report

 16:31 <mdeslaur> \o

 16:31 <jdstrand> I'll go first

 16:32 <jdstrand> I'm continuing to focus on snappy

 16:32 <jdstrand> I've got some snappy interface PRs to review

 16:32 <jdstrand> I need to respond to the seccomp arg filtering comments and try to land that

 16:33 <jdstrand> policy recompiles for apparmor upgrades on snappy

 16:33 <jdstrand> ty hicks and I will go over sprint outcomes and adjust priorities as necessary

 16:33 <jdstrand> I think that's it from me

 16:33 <jdstrand> mdeslaur: you're up

 16:33 <mdeslaur> I'm in the happy place this week

 16:34 <mdeslaur> I'm testing some packages I'll be releasing this week (libarchive, libksba)

 16:34 <mdeslaur> I'm awaiting upstream samba to commit one of the regression fixes, and I'll release some samba regression updates

 16:34 <mdeslaur> I also have two embargoed issues I'm working on

 16:34 <mdeslaur> that's pretty much it, sbeattie?

 16:35 <sbeattie> I'm on community this week

 16:35 <sbeattie> I'm currently working on USNs for the kernels that just got published

 16:35 <mdeslaur> oh, and I'll work on php5 time permitting

 16:35 <sbeattie> heh, my condolences.

 16:36 <sbeattie> I've got the issues around updating gcc-4.8 in trusty sorted out, and will be publishing those later today.

 16:36 <jdstrand> oh nice!

 16:36 <sbeattie> I'm finishing up looking for adt regressions so we can publish glibc updates

 16:37 <sbeattie> I need to get back to looking at gcc -pie failures in yakkety

 16:37 <sbeattie> I may try to pick up another update as well in the background.

 16:38 <sbeattie> that's probably it for my week. tyhicks is off today, so jjohansen?

 16:38 <jjohansen> I'm focusing on apparmor again this week

 16:39 <jjohansen> I need to poke at several bugs, 1581990 in particular is troubling

 16:39 <jjohansen> and I still need finish addressing stacking namespace issues so we can fully enable it

 16:40 <jdstrand> huh, I wonder if 1581990 has anything to do with the snappy bug, since the reporter said that was only after reloads

 16:41 <jdstrand> (bug #1579135)

 16:41 <ubottu> bug 1579135 in apparmor (Ubuntu) "kernel BUG on snap disconnect from within a snap" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1579135

 16:41 <jjohansen> possibly, that it looks like something I know was already fixed, so I am wondering if its another path to it

 16:41 <jjohansen> I think that will take the week and then some, so sarnold you are up

 16:42 <jjohansen> jdstrand: those do look similar

 16:44 <sarnold> sorry I'm late

 16:44 <sarnold> I' mon cve triage this week

 16:44 <sarnold> I'm aiming to get some imagemagick updates out the door today

 16:45 <sarnold> it'd be nice to get some yak shaving done this week (use new computer for builds; it'd be nice to do that in lxd without overlayfs or aufs things)

 16:45 <sarnold> and either apparmor reviewss or MIR reviews

 16:45 <sarnold> that should be the week, jdstrand?

 16:46 <jdstrand> chrisccoulson: you're up

 16:46 <sarnold> oh sigh :)

 16:47 <chrisccoulson> This week I've got an Oxide update to get out (I had that last week, but then there was another Chromium release)

 16:47 <chrisccoulson> I've also got a Chromium update to sponsor (yay!), and I need to publish thunderbird

 16:48 <chrisccoulson> In addition to that, I'm still working on bits for bug 1326697 and I'm hoping to have a branch to start reviewing for bug 1544754 as well

 16:48 <ubottu> bug 1326697 in Oxide "GN (Generate Ninja) is coming" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1326697

 16:48 <ubottu> bug 1544754 in Oxide "implement the HTML5 pointer lock API" [Medium,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1544754

 16:49 <jdstrand> sarnold: it might make sense to sync up with tyhicks tomorrow if there is another update you can help with (not sure of the priorities relative to said reviews, so mentioning that in a friendly manner :)

 16:49 <chrisccoulson> Other than that, I hope to be able to get back to https://launchpad.net/oxide/+milestone/branch-1.16

 16:49 <chrisccoulson> That's me done

 16:50 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Highlighted packages

 16:50 <jdstrand> The Ubuntu Security team will highlight some community-supported packages that might be good candidates for updating and or triaging. If you would like to help Ubuntu and not sure where to start, this is a great way to do so.

 16:50 <jdstrand> See https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/UpdateProcedures for details and if you have any questions, feel free to ask in #ubuntu-security. To find out other ways of helping out, please see https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/GettingInvolved.

 16:50 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/zookeeper.html

 16:50 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/zeromq.html

 16:51 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/lhasa.html

 16:51 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/pen.html

 16:51 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/dcmtk.html

 16:51 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Miscellaneous and Questions

 16:51 <jdstrand> Does anyone have any other questions or items to discuss?

 16:55 <jdstrand> mdeslaur, sbeattie, jjohansen, sarnold, chrisccoulson: thanks!

 16:55 <jdstrand> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)