== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 07 Apr at 15:03 &mdash; 15:29 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2016/ubuntu-meeting.2016-04-07-15.03.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning round ===
The discussion about "Lightning round" started at 15:03.


=== AOB ===
The discussion about "AOB" started at 15:22.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * pitti (38)
 * slangasek (29)
 * cyphermox (21)
 * caribou (21)
 * sil2100 (20)
 * infinity (18)
 * ubottu (16)
 * xnox (14)
 * bdmurray (11)
 * robru (9)
 * barry (8)
 * tdaitx (7)
 * meetingology (3)
 * chiluk (1)



== Full Log ==


 15:03 <slangasek> #startmeeting

 15:03 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Apr  7 15:03:03 2016 UTC.  The chair is slangasek. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 15:03 <meetingology> 

 15:03 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 15:03 <infinity> Sorry, was distracted.

 15:03 <cyphermox> â›ˆ

 15:03 <pitti> ðŸŒ¥ here !

 15:03 <slangasek> [TOPIC] Lightning round

 15:03 <slangasek> $ echo $(shuf -e barry doko bdmurray slangasek caribou infinity sil2100 robru cyphermox pitti tdaitx xnox chiluk)

 15:03 <slangasek> chiluk robru cyphermox slangasek pitti tdaitx bdmurray xnox barry sil2100 infinity caribou doko

 15:03 <xnox> hello =)

 15:04 <slangasek> chiluk: hi! anything for us this morning?

 15:04 <chiluk> sorry none slangasek...

 15:04 <slangasek> chiluk: âˆš

 15:04 <slangasek> robru:

 15:04 <robru> lp:cupstream2distro

 15:04 <robru> * made all vivid landings point at overlay

 15:04 <robru> * new GLES class for handling qtmir, qtubuntu, and ubuntu-ui-toolkit. Packaging is now inlined in trunks to hopefully reduce drift between branches.

 15:04 <robru> lp:bileto

 15:04 <robru> * hid dest ppa field because it's not used at the moment

 15:04 <robru> * reviewed britney fix from colin

 15:04 <robru> lp:location-service

 15:04 <robru> * Updated to new bileto_pre_release_hook

 15:04 <robru> (done)

 15:06 <slangasek> cyphermox: can you hold the umbrella with one hand and type with the other? :)

 15:06 <cyphermox> slangasek: s/umbrella/shovel/  yes

 15:06 <cyphermox> MIR:

 15:06 <cyphermox> - review barbican (bug LP: #1543754)

 15:06 <cyphermox> - review python-pykmip (bug LP: #1543754)

 15:06 <cyphermox> xenial:

 15:06 <cyphermox> - VT switching in the only-ubiquity case (bug LP: #1567194)

 15:06 <slangasek> you're shoveling the clouds?  I think I see a problem with your strategy

 15:06 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1543754 in python-pykmip (Ubuntu) "[MIR] barbican, python-pykmip" [Undecided,Incomplete] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1543754

 15:06 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1567194 in ubiquity (Ubuntu) "Unable to switch to console/ttys from ubiquity" [Medium,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1567194

 15:07 <cyphermox> - debugging ltrace on ppc64el (bug LP: #1547152)

 15:07 <cyphermox> - backporting a number of ppc patches from upstream

 15:07 <cyphermox> - debugging swedish keyboard in ubiquity (bug LP: #1549529)

 15:07 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1547152 in ltrace (Ubuntu) "ltrace is throwing segfault while running any of the userspace command" [Undecided,Incomplete] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1547152

 15:07 <cyphermox> - tpm2-tss unit for resourcemgr

 15:07 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1549529 in console-setup (Ubuntu) "The keyboard is still installed as US-English even if another language is selected during the installation" [High,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1549529

 15:07 <cyphermox> - udisks2 partition creation fix (bug LP: #1460602)

 15:07 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1460602 in udisks2 (Debian) "Erasing disk failed: Error wiping newly created partition" [Unknown,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1460602

 15:07 <cyphermox> Â±other stuff:

 15:07 <cyphermox> - helped roaksoax with maas-region-controller debconf magic

 15:07 <cyphermox> - more NM landing discussion with Tony

 15:07 <cyphermox> - reviewing ibmpmlinux (bug LP: #1448092)

 15:07 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1448092 in Ubuntu "[needs-packaging] ibmpmlinux" [Wishlist,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1448092

 15:07 <cyphermox> - ubuntu-cpc cdimage support

 15:07 <cyphermox> (done âœ…)

 15:08 <cyphermox> slangasek: umbrelling clouds wouldn't work any better anyway, btw.

 15:08 <slangasek> * administrivia for team transition

 15:08 <slangasek> * sprint planning

 15:08 <slangasek> * completed the php5->7 transition, php5 is removed from xenial as of yesterday

 15:08 <slangasek> * nudging various other proposed-migration blockages (autopkgtest retries, etc)

 15:08 <slangasek> * freeze review (new+unapproved) for juju2; asked for a reupload of juju-core-1 with some packaging changes prior to NEW accept

 15:08 <slangasek> * assessing remaining 16.04 blockers

 15:08 <slangasek> (done)

 15:08 <pitti> autopkgtest:

 15:08 <pitti> - Fix hanging xenial image builds

 15:08 <pitti> - Fix nested QEMU on AMD CPUs (debugged on smoser's machine)

 15:08 <pitti> - britney: Don't show tested package version (which is often wrong) on excuse lines with only "in progress" tests

 15:08 <pitti> systemd:

 15:09 <pitti> - Add autopkgtest for udev, running the upstream tests

 15:09 <pitti> - Avoid polkit warnings from maintainer scripts (#1565617)

 15:09 <pitti> - Fix wrong uint32 dbus handling on big-endian

 15:09 <pitti> - Check status of resource limits with unified cgroup hierarchy (PR#2964)

 15:09 <pitti> - merge with Debian to pick up some fixes

 15:09 <pitti> - udev: Fix SIGKILL spee when running under upstart (#1555237)

 15:09 <pitti> - udev: Fix crash with large number of tags (#1564976) and add test

 15:09 <pitti> - Investigate wrong device naming with ibmveth (#1561096), ongoing

 15:09 <pitti> distro:

 15:09 <pitti> - cron: Fix tâ†’ x upgrade (#1566333)

 15:09 <pitti> - apport: Backport more precise python traceback handling to trusty (#989819), fix invalid key name generation in hookutils (#1566975)

 15:09 <pitti> - fontconfig: discuss update to new version with seb128 and GunnarHj, sponsor new upload (#1556457)

 15:09 <pitti> - fix FTBFS: python-cliff, python-glance-store, swedish, ispell, dict-{nr,ns,st,tn,ts,xh}

 15:09 <pitti> - Investigate hanging adt-buildvm-ubuntu-cloud due to lxd (#1566253)

 15:09 <pitti> other:

 15:09 <pitti> - Review proposed openssl FIPS change, and review the > 500 kB patch, argh (#1553309)

 15:09 <pitti> - Help Diogo with getting access to Scalingstack instance for debugging open-iscsi tests

 15:09 <pitti> - Meeting with Jamie about snappy device assignment

 15:09 <pitti> - Review/discuss default naming policy for USB network devices

 15:09 <pitti> - Travel prep for cloud sprint in Austin

 15:09 <pitti> - Discuss improving the lxd debconfery with stgraber

 15:09 <pitti> EOT

 15:09 <pitti> slangasek: oh, php5 is gone? yay! congrats (to nacc too)

 15:09 <xnox> bug #1561096

 15:09 <tdaitx> * JCK 8

 15:09 <tdaitx> - Ran all interactive tests; everything now passes but JDialog tests: the JDialogs are blank yellow instead of the usual gray, no components in it show up as expected (buttons, menu); the workaround is to move the JDialog around a lot and put other windows on top of it, no fix found as of now

 15:09 <tdaitx> - Last fixes: getting a few additional packages in (cups, nautilus, leafpad), getting pulseaudio to tunnel sound through SSH and to play beeps (by loading the right sample and setting its x11 bell module)

 15:09 <tdaitx> - Down to about 6 failures in total; 1 previous SSL errors that I was debugging was "fixed" by a new exclusion list (ie. test is now ignored); the other failures seem to be an error on the JCK itself (missing service files and pre-compiled classes from the jck)

 15:09 <tdaitx> * JCK 7

 15:09 <ubottu> bug 1561096 in systemd (Ubuntu Xenial) "STC850:Brazos:Br16:Br16p05: Network ethernet port name changed under Ubuntu 16.04 with added adapters (ibmveth)" [High,Incomplete] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1561096

 15:09 <tdaitx> - Preparing to run all interactive tests

 15:09 <tdaitx> (done)

 15:10 <bdmurray> review of BucketMetadata changes

 15:10 <bdmurray> discussion with seelaman re: decomissioning ps3 ET

 15:10 <bdmurray> used import_bugs to import apport duplicates db info into real cassandra

 15:10 <bdmurray> importing subscribed packages to real cassandra

 15:10 <bdmurray> documented DSE (real) cassandra migration steps

 15:10 <slangasek> pitti: yeah, we were down to < 10 revdeps and half of them were in the mysql-5.7 transition (also landed last night), so I pulled it

 15:10 <bdmurray> irc discussion with stub regarding database migration

 15:10 <bdmurray> ran rebuild_bucket_versions_count so its current

 15:10 <bdmurray> resolved issues with ubuntu-release-upgrader (demotions.py and test failures)

 15:10 <bdmurray> resolved update-manager FTBFS

 15:10 <bdmurray> opened some MIR bug reports

 15:10 <bdmurray> âœ” done

 15:10 <xnox> installer fixes and s390-tools update: s390-dasd 390-zfcp dbconfig-common 390-tools zipl-installer choose-mirror debian-installer hw-detect

 15:10 <xnox> working on validated component fetching in live-installer https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/live-installer/+bug/1565889

 15:10 <xnox> netcfg vlan patch is almost complete reviews at https://bugs.debian.org/cgi-bin/bugreport.cgi?bug=433568#163 would be appreciated

 15:10 <xnox> todo: gpg-agent fixes, boost-dev fix

 15:10 <ubottu> Error: malone bug 1565889 not found

 15:10 <xnox> crashing bluefin kernel live-patching sprint, at the same time got confirmation as to why s390x kernel is big, and what needs doing to enable zfcpdump kernel

 15:10 <ubottu> Debian bug 433568 in netcfg "add vlan support" [Wishlist,Open]

 15:10 <xnox> done

 15:10 <barry> short week due to vacation

 15:10 <barry> various sprint travel planning

 15:11 <barry> python-debian 0.1.27ubuntu2 (FTBFS), claws-mail 3.13.2-1ubuntu1 (debian merge)

 15:11 <barry> LP: #1518955 (system-image client rotate, train & test)

 15:11 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1518955 in system-image (Ubuntu) "System image client log file grows indefinitely" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1518955

 15:11 <barry> test gitification of si server repo

 15:11 <barry> LP: #1566878; LP: #1566975; gdebi FTBFS (patches to mvo; will sync asap)

 15:11 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1566878 in xorg-server (Ubuntu) "Alt-backtick regression" [High,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1566878

 15:11 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1566975 in apport (Ubuntu) "AssertionError on .proc.driver.nvidia.gpus.0000:01:00.0" [Medium,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1566975

 15:11 <barry> --done--

 15:11 <sil2100> - Landing team work, silo coordination, preparing landing e-mails

 15:11 <sil2100> - RTM status meetings

 15:11 <sil2100> - Identifying and fixing issue with certain translations missing in ubuntu-touch

 15:11 <sil2100> - Manually hacking around on snakefruit to spit out updated translations

 15:11 <sil2100> - OTA-10:

 15:11 <sil2100> * Snapshotting the images

 15:11 <sil2100> * Preparing the release notes, generating the commitlogs

 15:11 <caribou> xnox: can you keep me in the loop for zfcpdump bits, I'm also working on it

 15:11 <sil2100> * Pushing on the mako OTA-10 blocker, preparing for mako-only re-spin

 15:11 <sil2100> * Promoting krillin, vegetahd and arale images

 15:11 <sil2100> - Lots of manual system-image work for various teams (turbo, frieza)

 15:11 <sil2100> - Familiarizing with the DMB duties

 15:11 <sil2100> - Working and testing an ubuntu-touch-session tweak for customized audio playback

 15:11 <sil2100> - Writing few more tests for system-image server testability branch

 15:11 <sil2100> - Discussions about the future: OTA-11, switch to xenial and landing scheme with Y open

 15:11 <xnox> caribou, ack.

 15:11 <sil2100> - Some thoughts on making our release process more flexible

 15:11 <sil2100> - Added options to do rootfs-rootfs based deltas in generate-commitlog

 15:12 <sil2100> (done)

 15:12 <infinity> - working on updates to all the IBM utilities

 15:12 <infinity> - investigating glibc bugs filed since 2.23

 15:12 <infinity> - finished getting powerpc cloud images ready for scalingstack

 15:12 <infinity> - reviewing ubuntu-cdimage merge proposals

 15:12 <infinity> - lots and lots of queue reviews

 15:12 <infinity> - random bugfixes

 15:12 <infinity> - archive gardening for priority/arch mismatches

 15:12 <infinity> - some kernel SRU manglement

 15:12 <infinity> - patch piloting

 15:12 <infinity> (done)

 15:12 <caribou> Bugfix :

 15:12 <caribou> - iSCSI boot installation

 15:12 <caribou> work as expected

 15:12 <caribou> - Apache 2.4.18(xenial) backport (LP: #1335068)

 15:12 <caribou> pre-depend on dpkg makes it difficult, might revert to 2.4.9

 15:12 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1335068 in trusty-backports "Please backport apache2 2.4.18-1ubuntu1 (main) from Xenial" [Undecided,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1335068

 15:12 <caribou> Development work:

 15:12 <caribou> - LP: #1546260 - kexec-tools purgatory failure on PowerPC64

 15:12 <ubottu> Error: Could not gather data from Launchpad for bug #1546260 (https://launchpad.net/bugs/1546260). The error has been logged

 15:12 <caribou> Uploaded

 15:12 <caribou> - Lp1528101 - vm.min_free_kbytes crash issues

 15:12 <caribou> More discussions

 15:12 <caribou> - Various sponsoring : iproute2, corosync

 15:12 <caribou> Misc:

 15:12 <caribou> - Interviews

 15:12 <caribou> - Ubuntu Server Guide contributions

 15:12 <caribou> iSCSI install

 15:13 <caribou> Remote kdump functionality

 15:13 <caribou> â˜‘ Done

 15:14 <slangasek> sil2100: and congrats on joining the DMB :)

 15:14 <sil2100> Thanks :)

 15:15 <slangasek> alright, and I believe this mail I haven't read yet in my inbox includes doko's apologies

 15:15 <slangasek> (it does)

 15:15 <slangasek> so that's everyone

 15:15 <slangasek> any questions?

 15:15 <caribou> I was wondering if it could be a good thing to mention the remote kernel dump functionality in Xenial's Release Notes

 15:15 * sil2100 will look into the failures ASAP as well

 15:16 <caribou> I just added the details in the Server Guide for Xenial

 15:16 <infinity> caribou: It's a wiki, add things if you want under the right heading (perhaps new server features, ish)

 15:16 <caribou> infinity: ok, will do

 15:16 <infinity> caribou: If too many people add too much to the release notes, it's much easier for me to delete the useless points than it is to invent some.

 15:17 <xnox> caribou, yeap added to release notes. wiki.ubuntu.com/XenialXerus/ReleaseNotes or some such.

 15:17 <xnox> *add it to

 15:17 <xnox> cyphermox, will you review https://bugs.debian.org/cgi-bin/bugreport.cgi?bug=433568#163 & https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/live-installer/+bug/1565889 =)

 15:17 <ubottu> Debian bug 433568 in netcfg "add vlan support" [Wishlist,Open]

 15:17 <ubottu> Error: malone bug 1565889 not found

 15:17 <xnox> hope to land both into xenial....

 15:17 <cyphermox> yep, added it to the list

 15:17 <xnox> cyphermox, \o/ win

 15:18 <cyphermox> I can't reach your live-installer bug though

 15:22 <slangasek> [TOPIC] AOB

 15:22 <slangasek> anything else today?

 15:22 <pitti> who's coming to the cloud sprint, OOI?

 15:22 <pitti> o/

 15:22 <infinity> Moi.

 15:23 <infinity> Need to book today.

 15:23 <infinity> I'll take any excuse to travel closer to a taco stand.

 15:23 <slangasek> doko wants to remind us that the build failures in main that are reported by the rebuild test are real and should be fixed: http://people.ubuntuwire.org/~wgrant/rebuild-ftbfs-test/test-rebuild-20160401-xenial.html

 15:23 <barry> o/ but not til late tuesday

 15:24 <sil2100> I'll be looking at those tomorrow possibly to help out

 15:24 <pitti> if anyone can make sense of/reproduce the gnupg-doc one, please give me a shout

 15:24 <pitti> neither can I reproduce this nor does the log actually say what's wrong

 15:24 * infinity shouts at pitti.

 15:24 <slangasek> could it be related to the new gnupg2?

 15:25 <pitti> well, this must be something specific to the (re)build environment

 15:25 <pitti> and I doubt that building docs is very sensitive to the buildds running on trusty kernel and my laptop on xenial's

 15:25 <pitti> (I haven't tried running under a trusty kernel, though)

 15:25 <pitti> infinity: oh, any details?

 15:25 <infinity> pitti: No, I just wanted to shout at you.

 15:26 <pitti> infinity: ok, point -- I didn't say "if and only if"

 15:28 <slangasek> ok

 15:28 <slangasek> anything else?

 15:29 <slangasek> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)