== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 20 Oct at 15:02 &mdash; 15:34 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2016/ubuntu-meeting.2016-10-20-15.02.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning round ===
The discussion about "Lightning round" started at 15:02.


=== AOB ===
The discussion about "AOB" started at 15:27.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * slangasek (40)
 * pitti (34)
 * cyphermox (23)
 * barry (18)
 * ubottu (15)
 * tdaitx (14)
 * sil2100 (11)
 * robru (10)
 * caribou (10)
 * doko (6)
 * bdmurray (3)
 * meetingology (3)
 * chiluk (2)
 * mdeslaur (1)



== Full Log ==


 15:02 <slangasek> #startmeeting

 15:02 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Oct 20 15:02:01 2016 UTC.  The chair is slangasek. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 15:02 <meetingology> 

 15:02 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 15:02 <slangasek> [TOPIC] Lightning round

 15:03 <slangasek> $ echo $(shuf -e barry doko bdmurray slangasek caribou infinity sil2100 robru cyphermox pitti tdaitx xnox chiluk mwhudson)

 15:03 <slangasek> barry infinity tdaitx slangasek robru doko mwhudson chiluk sil2100 bdmurray pitti xnox cyphermox caribou

 15:03 <slangasek> barry!

 15:03 <bdmurray> I'm not here

 15:03 <barry> i knew it!  the one day i'm not quite ready ;)

 15:03 <pitti> did you sort by age now? :-)

 15:03 <barry> beard length

 15:03 <tdaitx> barry, been there =)

 15:03 <caribou> pitti: I'd come first

 15:04 <barry> well, let's see if i can do it on the fly

 15:04 <barry> LP: #1634557

 15:04 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1634557 in Ubuntu Image "The writable partition is corrupted using the latest ubuntu-image(0.8 )" [Medium,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1634557

 15:04 <barry> working on the ubuntu-image 0.8 and 0.9 releases + sru request and exemption.  also working on autopkgtests for proving the images are mountable

 15:05 <barry> pyparsing 2.1.10+dfsg-1, virtualenv discussions

 15:05 <barry> debian bug #840084

 15:05 <ubottu> Debian bug 840084 in python-virtualenv "python-virtualenv: “Multiple .dist-info directories” when creating virtualenv" [Normal,Open] http://bugs.debian.org/840084

 15:05 <sil2100> o/

 15:05 <barry> LP: #1631156

 15:05 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1631156 in Ubuntu Image "flake8.extension entry point has global ramifications" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1631156

 15:05 <barry> LP: #1594794

 15:05 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1594794 in Snapcraft "Embedded version required in snapcraft.yaml" [Wishlist,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1594794

 15:05 <barry> tox 2.4.1-1

 15:05 <barry> LP: #1633501

 15:05 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1633501 in Ubuntu Image "Better handling of version numbers" [High,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1633501

 15:06 <barry> LP: #1632085

 15:06 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1632085 in Ubuntu Image "Support "fudge factor" for file system sizing" [Wishlist,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1632085

 15:06 <barry> LP: #1632134

 15:06 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1632134 in Ubuntu Image "/etc files are missing from the image" [High,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1632134

 15:06 <barry> LP: #1631961

 15:06 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1631961 in Ubuntu Image "Cannot build ubuntu-image snap" [Critical,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1631961

 15:06 <barry> u-i coverage branch

 15:06 <barry> --done--

 15:07 <slangasek> no infinity, so tdaitx:

 15:07 <tdaitx> = OpenJDK Updates

 15:07 <tdaitx> * Updated OpenJDK 8 to 8u102 and applied security updates to it; moved to 8u111 as it got released

 15:07 <tdaitx> * Added autopkgtest to it

 15:07 <tdaitx> * Cleaned up mauve and cacao as those projects are mostly dead and we haven't been building using either since some time ago

 15:07 <tdaitx> * Disabled armhf tests as they were getting stuck (running for 36+ hours, BTW, does launchpad mishandle "days" in a build? It only says (X mod 24) hours)

 15:07 <tdaitx> * Backporting patches to OpenJDK 7

 15:07 <tdaitx> = jck

 15:07 <tdaitx> * Added avahi/nss-msdns to handle reverse dns between jenkins nodes; vxlan also works and is great to stitch together lxd containers on the same network

 15:07 <tdaitx> * ppc64el/arm64 nodes are indeed running on a separated network from amd64 nodes, waiting for IS to either move all of them to the same region (or allow communication between them)

 15:07 <tdaitx> = Other

 15:07 <tdaitx> * Daylight savings started last weekend (UTC-02:00 now)

 15:07 <tdaitx> (done)

 15:09 <slangasek> * yay release!

 15:09 <slangasek> * everybody feeling zesty?

 15:09 <slangasek> * discussions around future POWER work

 15:09 <slangasek> * discussions around autopkgtest reporting

 15:09 <slangasek> * update on Core sprint is that there's still no update (but should be soon)

 15:09 <slangasek> * getting my merges in early in the cycle

 15:09 <slangasek> * SRU reviews, SRU exception approval for ubuntu-image

 15:09 <slangasek> * discussions on -release about future configuration of -proposed

 15:09 <slangasek> * ubuntu-image: bugfixes (LP: #1634557), planning out future work

 15:09 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1634557 in Ubuntu Image "The writable partition is corrupted using the latest ubuntu-image(0.8 )" [Medium,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1634557

 15:09 <slangasek> * updated kernels on a bunch of systems and rebooted (CVE-2016-5195)

 15:09 <ubottu> ** RESERVED ** This candidate has been reserved by an organization or individual that will use it when announcing a new security problem.  When the candidate has been publicized, the details for this candidate will be provided. (http://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2016-5195)

 15:09 <slangasek> (done)

 15:10 <robru> britney2-ubuntu:

 15:10 <robru> * several iterations towards grouping packages by source ppa copied from

 15:10 <robru> lp:bileto

 15:10 <robru> * opened zesty

 15:10 <robru> * implemented support for triggering ubuntu system tests (just waiting for production creds)

 15:10 <robru> * use uuidgen instead of uuid

 15:10 <robru> * various minor cleanups and maintenance

 15:10 <robru> various wikis:

 15:10 <robru> * migrated lots of old ci train deployment docs to bileto deployment docs

 15:10 <robru> (done)

 15:10 <slangasek> tdaitx: (X mod 24) hours - heh, I haven't noticed that before; file a bug on LP?

 15:11 <slangasek> doko:

 15:11 <doko> - toolchain updates for zesty opening

 15:11 <doko> - merged GCC Linaro 2016.10

 15:11 <doko> - finished evaluation of Linaro test rebuild

 15:11 <doko> - openjdk-8 update, openjdk-9 update

 15:11 <doko> (done)

 15:11 <slangasek> chiluk:

 15:11 <chiluk> Not much from me today.  The only thing you guys would care about is the initramfs-tools stuff that cyphermox and slangasek already know about.

 15:12 <chiluk> -done-

 15:12 <cyphermox> you said the i word.

 15:12 <sil2100> On the closing plenaries, but:

 15:12 <sil2100> - Sprinting this week in Hague, meetings, discussions, sessions, plenaries * Not much time for real work, meetings meetings

 15:12 <sil2100> - Landing team work, silo coordination, preparing landing e-mails

 15:12 <sil2100> - Working on the snap integration in Bileto specification

 15:12 <sil2100> - Working on the general release process for Ubuntu Personal

 15:12 <sil2100> - Some finishing touches to the landing-team-tools snap

 15:12 <sil2100> - Batch binary copying from yakkety-overlay to zesty

 15:12 <sil2100> (done)

 15:13 <slangasek> bdmurray is also sprinting so maybe skip

 15:13 <slangasek> pitti:

 15:14 <pitti> autopkgtest:

 15:14 <pitti> - Fix result collisions when tests finish at exact same second (#1571353)

 15:14 <pitti> - Fix virt-qemu for user/password logins on ttyS0 (#1630963)

 15:14 <pitti> - Install credentials for snapcraft upstream tests

 15:14 <pitti> - Provide request.cgi based GitHub test retry script (to avoid limiting this to infrastructure maintainers)

 15:14 <pitti> - Rework retry-autopkgtest-regressions script to use request.cgi instead of snakefruit ssh access

 15:14 <pitti> - Rewrite tool to seed passed results from current into next release; previous version was way too slow (multiple days) and crash prone

 15:14 <pitti> - Adjust proxy rules for changed firewall rules

 15:14 <pitti> - Add --capability option to ssh runner, to be able to run linux test with qemu+ssh

 15:14 <pitti> - Do not include time for tmpfail retries in result runtimes (#1631262)

 15:14 <pitti> - Build scalingstack images/containers and other setup for zesty

 15:14 <pitti> - Review https://code.launchpad.net/~robru/britney/+git/britney2-ubuntu/+merge/307995 for teaching PPA landing support to britney; still needs some work (ongoing)

 15:14 <pitti> britney:

 15:14 <pitti> - Rebase to Debian master, to shrink our diff (some of our patches got applied upstream)

 15:14 <pitti> - Generalize "Policy" code to allow implementing autopkgtests as a proper Policy; this should also be a step towards robru's PPA landing support

 15:14 <pitti> distro:

 15:15 <pitti> - lots of release engineering and testing for yakkety, and some distro bits for zestry (#1634235)

 15:15 <pitti> - docker.io: debug autopkgtest failure with mwhudson, works now

 15:15 <pitti> - merges: libkipi, debhelper; some syncs

 15:15 <pitti> - netplan: Add support for manually specified name servers (#1626617)

 15:15 <pitti> - NetworkManager: Port our "read connections and config from /run" patches to 1.4 and forward upstream

 15:15 <pitti> - systemd: Fix change notification regression (#1632964), fix search domains with networkd in xenial (#1635256)

 15:15 <pitti> - Fix remaining issues of indicator systemd-ification landing (ongoing, but making good progress)

 15:15 <pitti> - Migrate from pkg-create-dbgsym to debhelper (#1623256) (ongoing)

 15:15 <pitti> misc:

 15:15 <pitti> - ddeb-retriever: Battle with LP timeouts on getting zesty publications; cjwatson/wgrant are landing a Launchpad fix, so hopefully ddebs should appear in the next days

 15:15 <pitti> - Investigate linux test that completely kills the kernel/testbed (#1632252)

 15:15 <pitti> (END)

 15:15 <pitti> sorry for the length -- I guess I should get a hobby or so :)

 15:15 <doko> I thought that was the french ...

 15:16 <pitti> je ne prends plus des leçons ..

 15:17 <pitti> xnox: ?

 15:18 <pitti> cyphermox:

 15:18 <cyphermox> sowwy

 15:18 <cyphermox> - preparing & testing the new shim and grub2 update to go with it

 15:18 <cyphermox> - sponsored d-i SRU for preseed change (bug LP: #1452202)

 15:18 <cyphermox> - new golang-go.crypto snapshot for juju-core (bug LP: #1634609)

 15:18 <cyphermox> - initramfs-tools reverts of the ipv6 code (LP: #1631474)

 15:18 <sil2100> xnox is on the sprint as well

 15:18 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1452202 in debian-installer (Ubuntu Xenial) "ubuntu preseed install fails to set a hostname" [Medium,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1452202

 15:19 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1634609 in golang-go.crypto (Ubuntu Zesty) "de-vendorize golang-go.crypto from juju-core" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1634609

 15:19 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1631474 in initramfs-tools (Ubuntu Zesty) "No networking with initramfs-tools 0.122ubuntu8.3 and ip=dhcp boot option" [High,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1631474

 15:19 <cyphermox> - reworking initramfs-tools IPv6 magic

 15:19 <cyphermox> + testing in a PPA, various VMs and hardware

 15:19 <cyphermox> - setting up a half-proper MAAS server at home to test remote rootfs

 15:19 <cyphermox> - various juju / packaging discussions with balloons

 15:19 <cyphermox> - probert bugfix for snappy

 15:19 <cyphermox> - reviewed subiquity PRs for mwhudson

 15:20 <slangasek> cyphermox: done?

 15:20 <cyphermox> yes done!

 15:20 <caribou> Bugfix:

 15:20 <caribou> Slow SSH login

 15:20 <caribou> - Still under investigation with LP: #1591411

 15:20 <caribou> - Unable to reproduce using ssh loops

 15:20 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1591411 in dbus (Ubuntu Xenial) "systemd-logind must be restarted every ~1000 SSH logins to prevent a ~25 second delay" [Medium,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1591411

 15:20 <caribou> Development:

 15:20 <caribou> makedumpfile not working on kernel 4.8 (LP: #1626269)

 15:20 <caribou> - Still under investigation, bisecting 4.7 -> 4.8-rc1

 15:20 <ubottu> Error: Could not gather data from Launchpad for bug #1626269 (https://launchpad.net/bugs/1626269). The error has been logged

 15:20 <caribou> Meetings

 15:20 <caribou> ☑ Done

 15:23 <slangasek> cyphermox: what's the status of the shim update, then? testing going well?

 15:23 <cyphermox> yep, testing is well, we should talk about whether we want to clean up the ESP's old MokManager too though

 15:27 <slangasek> cyphermox: under the old name?  hmm, +1 for cleaning that up on upgrade

 15:27 <slangasek> (with a version check in postinst)

 15:27 <cyphermox> yeah, that was my thought. so that will still be missing

 15:27 <slangasek> ok

 15:27 <slangasek> any other questions?

 15:27 <sil2100> Good here

 15:27 <slangasek> [TOPIC] AOB

 15:28 <slangasek> and anything else that's not a question? :)

 15:28 <cyphermox> so you already mentioned the core sprint, no update

 15:28 <barry> i'd love to get a summary about the sprint once folks get home and decompress

 15:28 <slangasek> cyphermox: yes - no change to dates, just some administrative hold-up, we're still "on track" just finalizing later than we would like

 15:29 <cyphermox> well, we still haven't had a go to book stuff?

 15:29 <slangasek> cyphermox: correct

 15:29 <cyphermox> ack

 15:29 <slangasek> you'll know when you have an event code :)

 15:29 <bdmurray> the calendar has a code

 15:29 <slangasek> I assume we'll be told we have an 8 hour window in which to book, otherwise we're late and get nag mails ;-)

 15:30 <cyphermox> well, the only other thing from me is that I'm about damn ready to sell my condo, the government sprung some new financing rules that might make that more difficult, but who knows.

 15:30 <pitti> that doesn't depend on where we go for the sprint, does it?

 15:30 <slangasek> cyphermox: were you right on the border?  is the government eminent domaining it to build a wall

 15:31 <cyphermox> nope.

 15:31 <mdeslaur> lol

 15:31 <cyphermox> ;)

 15:31 <cyphermox> but for those who want to move to Canada... ;)

 15:31 <slangasek> my neighbors just went on a Canadian Atlantic cruise

 15:32 <slangasek> I told them about http://cbiftrumpwins.com/ before they went

 15:32 <tdaitx> maybe it *was* a 1 way ticket...

 15:32 <cyphermox> I'm not sure about broadband in Cape Breton...

 15:33 <bdmurray> slangasek: the neighbors I know?

 15:33 <slangasek> tdaitx: they're back now, but they sent a lovely postcard telling us they were shopping for real estate

 15:33 <slangasek> bdmurray: yes ;)

 15:34 <barry> in case of a win or a loss

 15:34 <slangasek> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)