== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting: ubuntu-server-team, 08 Mar at 16:08 &mdash; 16:44 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2016/ubuntu-meeting.2016-03-08-16.08.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Review ACTION points from previous meeting ===
The discussion about "Review ACTION points from previous meeting" started at 16:09.


=== Xenial Development ===
The discussion about "Xenial Development" started at 16:11.

  * ''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/XenialXerus/ReleaseSchedule 
  * ''LINK:'' https://blueprints.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+spec/servercloud-x-server-core 
  * ''ACTION:'' jgrimm to update/clean up blueprint
 * '''Release Bugs''' (16:30)

=== Server & Cloud Bugs (caribou) ===
The discussion about "Server & Cloud Bugs (caribou)" started at 16:34.


=== Weekly Updates & Questions for the QA Team (matsubara) ===
The discussion about "Weekly Updates & Questions for the QA Team (matsubara)" started at 16:34.


=== Weekly Updates & Questions for the Kernel Team (smb, sforshee, arges) ===
The discussion about "Weekly Updates & Questions for the Kernel Team (smb, sforshee, arges)" started at 16:35.


=== Upcoming Call For Papers ===
The discussion about "Upcoming Call For Papers" started at 16:41.


=== Ubuntu Server Team Events ===
The discussion about "Ubuntu Server Team Events" started at 16:42.


=== Open Discussion ===
The discussion about "Open Discussion" started at 16:42.


=== Announce next meeting date, time and chair ===
The discussion about "Announce next meeting date, time and chair" started at 16:43.




== Vote results ==




== Action items, by person ==

 * jgrimm
  * jgrimm to update/clean up blueprint



== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * jgrimm (59)
 * rbasak (12)
 * nacc (11)
 * smb (10)
 * ubottu (5)
 * meetingology (4)
 * cpaelzer (4)
 * rharper (2)
 * caribou (1)
 * dsmythies (1)



== Full Log ==


 16:08 <jgrimm> #startmeeting ubuntu-server-team

 16:08 <meetingology> Meeting started Tue Mar  8 16:08:08 2016 UTC.  The chair is jgrimm. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:08 <meetingology> 

 16:08 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 16:09 <jgrimm> #topic Review ACTION points from previous meeting

 16:09 <nacc> I think the only thing to discuss from last week was the triage

 16:09 <jgrimm> The only action listed from last week was: rbasak (et al) catch up on triage (schedule for 3/3)

 16:09 <nacc> which we started and are continuing this week, iirc

 16:10 <jgrimm> correct. rbasak spend time taking a bunch of us through a realtime triage session explaining his thought process/actions.  More this week.

 16:10 <nacc> jgrimm: did you reschedule it officially?

 16:10 <jgrimm> nacc, no, i haven't. been a chaotic week so far.

 16:10 <jgrimm> but, will do today!!

 16:10 <nacc> np, just making sure i didn't miss it

 16:10 <jgrimm> thanks!

 16:11 <jgrimm> #topic Xenial Development

 16:11 <jgrimm> #link https://wiki.ubuntu.com/XenialXerus/ReleaseSchedule

 16:11 <rharper> a topic of great discussion recently

 16:11 <jgrimm> Anyone have anything to discuss with respect to Xenial?

 16:12 <jgrimm> nacc, how goes php7

 16:12 <nacc> jgrimm: slangasek has been very patient with me! we're making good progress, figured out (mostly) twig (w/ workaround, still debugging upstream in libpcre3) and php-imagick (fixes in imagemagick and php-imagick)

 16:13 <nacc> which should allow the latest php7 to migrate

 16:13 <nacc> and clear out a lot of excuses

 16:13 <jgrimm> nacc, possibility of finish by EOW?

 16:14 <nacc> jgrimm: for the php7 to main transition, yes; but for removal of php5 -- seems less likely, just due to sheer quantity. I'll sync with slangasek this week and we'll come up with a timeline, if possible

 16:14 <jgrimm> ok, will checkpoint again next week

 16:14 <nacc> thanks!

 16:14 <jgrimm> nacc, puppet?

 16:14 <jgrimm> that was a leftover in the blueprint, i've been meaning to poke at

 16:15 <jgrimm> #link https://blueprints.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+spec/servercloud-x-server-core

 16:15 <jgrimm> [nacc] puppet merge and cleanup: TODO

 16:16 <cpaelzer> just another Xenial Release FYI: I marked bug 1553185 for 16.04 milestone and work with IBM to understand what they are doing while IS is working on my RTs to make our environment ready. Server Team is already subscribed (not by me)

 16:16 <ubottu> bug 1553185 in perftest (Ubuntu) "PCI RoCe IB perftest Aborted (core dumped)" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1553185

 16:16 <cpaelzer> consider both bugs 1553185 and 1553183 in my hand until I yell for help or reassignment.

 16:16 <ubottu> bug 1553183 in dapl (Ubuntu) "libdapl2: PCI RoCe IB dapltest does not recognize updated names of /etc/dat.conf entries" [Medium,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1553183

 16:17 <jgrimm> rbasak, mysql5.7 status?

 16:17 <rbasak> jgrimm: I uploaded to PPA but FTBFS for trivial reason.

 16:18 <rbasak> When fixed, upstream have volunteered to help test.

 16:18 <jgrimm> \o/ that's great

 16:18 <rbasak> When tested, I'll need to confirm with the release team that the FFe is still valid.

 16:18 <rbasak> Then I can upload.

 16:18 <jgrimm> thanks

 16:18 <cpaelzer> rbasak: do you have a link to the ppa - I have friends that want to test that as well

 16:18 <rbasak> cpaelzer: https://launchpad.net/~mysql-ubuntu/+archive/ubuntu/mysql-5.7

 16:19 <cpaelzer> thanks

 16:19 <rbasak> I expect to have something ready today.

 16:19 <rbasak> Not all the documentations are done, translations are out of date.

 16:19 <nacc> jgrimm: argh, sorry! will do it today

 16:19 <jgrimm> rbasak, kickinz1_: anything wrt squid3

 16:19 <jgrimm> nacc, thanks!

 16:19 <rbasak> But functionality should be what I intend to upload.

 16:19 <rbasak> squid3 is pending testing before we remove the proposed block.

 16:21 <jgrimm> rbasak, i believe kickinz1_ was going to send you some status on his testing.  he ran into a couple issues, that he could probably use some guidance on

 16:22 <jgrimm> i believe kickinz1_ is EOD and not feeling well today either

 16:23 * jgrimm looks at blueprint again for things to poke at

 16:24 <jgrimm> nacc: logwatch? i believe you told me upstream released, so you are unblocked.

 16:24 <rbasak> nacc is blocked on my review :-/

 16:24 <rbasak> I think it's ready, IIRC.

 16:25 <rbasak> However it is not FF critical. Bugfixes only. So I haven't looked yet.

 16:25 <jgrimm> i guess another thing to mention is that we have a new community packager that is working on docker.  already has a ppa for our review.  rharper and mwhudson are providing feedback

 16:25 <nacc> jgrimm: rbasak: right, not super urgent, relative to the other packages right now

 16:26 <jgrimm> rharper, do you have link to tianon's ppa?

 16:26 <jgrimm> nacc, rbasak: thanks! agreed

 16:27 <jgrimm> #action jgrimm to update/clean up blueprint

 16:27 * meetingology jgrimm to update/clean up blueprint

 16:29 <rharper> jgrimm: yes: https://launchpad.net/~docker/+archive/ubuntu/experimental

 16:29 <jgrimm> rharper, thanks.  hopefully we are on track for having docker ready for upload by friday

 16:30 <jgrimm> anything else to discuss general xenial wise?

 16:30 <smb> I want to make sure bug 1551351 on the release tracking radar. Upstream

 16:30 <smb> (mgilbert) was said to be working on some fix this weekend.

 16:30 <ubottu> bug 1551351 in isc-dhcp (Ubuntu Xenial) "dhclient does not renew leases" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1551351

 16:30 * jgrimm switches topics

 16:30 <jgrimm> #subtopic Release Bugs

 16:32 <jgrimm> smb, do you think there needs to be some specific assistance?

 16:32 <smb> jgrimm, lamont said he might be looking at the result of upstream.

 16:32 <smb> I need to ping him later

 16:33 <jgrimm> smb, ok, reach out to me if needing some help

 16:33 <smb> Just to be aware that ifupdown systems have no working dhclient right now

 16:33 <smb> ok will do

 16:33 <jgrimm> ugh. yeah that's bad

 16:33 <jgrimm> thanks smb

 16:34 <jgrimm> #topic Server & Cloud Bugs (caribou)

 16:34 <caribou> nothing to report, sir

 16:34 <jgrimm> caribou, thanks!

 16:34 <dsmythies> bug 1517746 , originally solved in December, has returned. bug 1551351 should be set to critical

 16:34 <ubottu> bug 1517746 in debian-installer (Ubuntu) "Selecting and install software fails on ubnutu server xenial" [Undecided,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1517746

 16:34 <ubottu> bug 1551351 in isc-dhcp (Ubuntu Xenial) "dhclient does not renew leases" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1551351

 16:34 <jgrimm> #topic Weekly Updates & Questions for the QA Team (matsubara)

 16:35 <jgrimm> moving on as matsubara isn't here

 16:35 <jgrimm> though i know he has a todo to improve the pep8 test in open-iscsi

 16:35 <jgrimm> on his plate

 16:35 <jgrimm> #topic Weekly Updates & Questions for the Kernel Team (smb, sforshee, arges)

 16:35 <smb> From the kernel side I believe there is nothing to bring up. Or does

 16:35 <smb> someone have anything to bring up?

 16:36 <jgrimm> i don't have anything

 16:36 <jgrimm> thanks smb

 16:37 <jgrimm> smb, does kernel team handle kerneloops package?  looks like it hasn't been merged from debian in a long while

 16:38 <smb> jgrimm, we touched it probably at some point but I am not sure we really look after it that much

 16:38 <jgrimm> 134 days. colin touched it last, but thought i'd ask if your team ever looks after it as kernel related-ish

 16:39 <smb> jgrimm, let me take that as an action to clarify

 16:40 <jgrimm> smb, that would be great.  would love to see updated if we can get that yet.

 16:40 <jgrimm> smb, thank you very much

 16:41 <jgrimm> #topic Upcoming Call For Papers

 16:41 <jgrimm> not seeing much on lwn CFP calendar at least

 16:42 <jgrimm> #topic Ubuntu Server Team Events

 16:42 <jgrimm> #topic Open Discussion

 16:43 <jgrimm> anyone??

 16:43 <jgrimm> #topic Announce next meeting date, time and chair

 16:44 <jgrimm> next meeting will be Tuesday 2016-03-15 at 1600 UTC - #ubuntu-meeting   matsubara will remain chair

 16:44 <jgrimm> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)