== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting: ubuntu-server-team, 13 Sep at 16:02 &mdash; 16:21 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2016/ubuntu-meeting.2016-09-13-16.02.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Review ACTION points from previous meeting ===
The discussion about "Review ACTION points from previous meeting" started at 16:02.


=== Yakkety Development ===
The discussion about "Yakkety Development" started at 16:03.

  * ''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/YakketyYak/ReleaseSchedule 
 * '''Release Bugs''' (16:05)
 * '''Release Bugs''' (16:05)
 * '''Release Bugs''' (16:05)

=== Server & Cloud Bugs (caribou) ===
The discussion about "Server & Cloud Bugs (caribou)" started at 16:06.


=== Weekly Updates & Questions for the QA Team (powersj) ===
The discussion about "Weekly Updates & Questions for the QA Team (powersj)" started at 16:07.

  * ''LINK:'' https://jenkins.ubuntu.com/server/ 

=== Weekly Updates & Questions for the Kernel Team (smb, sforshee, arges) ===
The discussion about "Weekly Updates & Questions for the Kernel Team (smb, sforshee, arges)" started at 16:09.


=== Upcoming Call For Papers ===
The discussion about "Upcoming Call For Papers" started at 16:10.


=== Ubuntu Server Team Events ===
The discussion about "Ubuntu Server Team Events" started at 16:11.


=== Open Discussion ===
The discussion about "Open Discussion" started at 16:12.

  * ''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/QemuKVMMigration 

=== Announce next meeting date, time and chair ===
The discussion about "Announce next meeting date, time and chair" started at 16:16.


=== Assign daily bug triage for week (powersj, rbasak, nacc, cpaelzer) ===
The discussion about "Assign daily bug triage for week (powersj, rbasak, nacc, cpaelzer)" started at 16:17.


=== Assigned merges/bugwork (rbasak) ===
The discussion about "Assigned merges/bugwork (rbasak)" started at 16:18.




== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * gaughen (70)
 * cpaelzer (24)
 * jgrimm (16)
 * nacc (12)
 * powersj (11)
 * rbasak (7)
 * caribou (3)
 * meetingology (3)
 * smb (3)
 * smoser (1)



== Full Log ==


 16:02 <gaughen> #startmeeting ubuntu-server-team

 16:02 <meetingology> Meeting started Tue Sep 13 16:02:42 2016 UTC.  The chair is gaughen. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:02 <meetingology> 

 16:02 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 16:02 <gaughen> #topic Review ACTION points from previous meeting

 16:03 <gaughen> no action points to review... wee!

 16:03 <gaughen> #topic Yakkety Development

 16:03 <gaughen> #link https://wiki.ubuntu.com/YakketyYak/ReleaseSchedule

 16:03 <gaughen> GA is a month from today - gaaaaa!

 16:04 <caribou> o/

 16:04 <gaughen> Final beta is coming up - week of Sept 22

 16:04 <smoser> o//

 16:04 <gaughen> and I see kernel freeze is week of Sept 29

 16:04 <gaughen> so get on it, people!

 16:04 <gaughen> moving on

 16:05 <gaughen> #subtopic Release Bugs

 16:05 <gaughen> #subtopic Release Bugs

 16:05 <gaughen> grr

 16:05 <gaughen> #subtopic Release Bugs

 16:05 <gaughen> okay, guess it's right

 16:05 * gaughen drinks some coffee

 16:05 <cpaelzer> so many bugs :-/

 16:06 <gaughen> any worth talking about?

 16:06 <gaughen> #topic Server & Cloud Bugs (caribou)

 16:06 <caribou> nothing to report !

 16:06 <gaughen> caribou, you have any words of wisdom for everyoone?

 16:06 <gaughen> everyone

 16:06 <nacc> jgrimm: did we get a new url for release bugs?

 16:06 <gaughen> too late, nacc, I've moved on

 16:06 <gaughen> no link allowed

 16:06 <caribou> gaughen: no :)

 16:06 <gaughen> this is caribou's time

 16:06 <gaughen> ;-)

 16:07 <gaughen> okay, let me move on

 16:07 <gaughen> #topic Weekly Updates & Questions for the QA Team (powersj)

 16:07 <gaughen> #link https://jenkins.ubuntu.com/server/

 16:07 <jgrimm> nacc, i owe that.  happy to take an action

 16:07 <powersj> Completed the addition of an s390x system and a dedicated amd64 system to the server team jenkins (https://jenkins.ubuntu.com/server/). Other than getting the NVMe storage running faster on the baremetal system, this should complete all the outstanding infrastructure/Jenkins related tasks. On to writing more tests!

 16:07 <gaughen> and in this section, we quiz powerj

 16:07 <powersj> Speaking of tests, have a daily ISO sizer job started to determine how much the daily ISOs have increased or decreased each day.

 16:07 <powersj> As we approach the end of Yakkety, the automated ISO tests are getting better and better. Nuclearbob and I have evaluated many of the failures and continue to clean things up.

 16:07 <nacc> jgrimm: thanks

 16:07 <powersj> And a thank you to gaughen for getting me access to AWS, Azure, and GCP for cloud-init/curtin/bug work.

 16:07 <gaughen> that's awesome powersj

 16:08 <gaughen> no problem-o powersj - use it well and make cloud-init fabulous!

 16:08 <gaughen> powersj, do you have anything else to say?

 16:08 <powersj> not on this topic :) thanks

 16:08 <gaughen> anyone questions for the powersj?

 16:08 <gaughen> k

 16:09 <gaughen> #topic Weekly Updates & Questions for the Kernel Team (smb, sforshee, arges)

 16:09 <gaughen> kernel homies, it is your turn

 16:09 <smb> nothing new *sight* ...still

 16:09 <smb> *sigh*even

 16:09 <gaughen> smb, did you all move to 4.6?

 16:10 <smb> not publicly yet... there is previews but the archive is still back on 4.4

 16:10 <gaughen> so coming soon - 4.6!

 16:10 <gaughen> okay moving on

 16:10 <gaughen> #topic Upcoming Call For Papers

 16:10 <gaughen> any call for papers worth noting?

 16:10 <gaughen> bueller

 16:11 <gaughen> #topic Ubuntu Server Team Events

 16:11 <nacc> gaughen: do you want to note the prior action for jgrimm ? (adding a url for server release bugs)

 16:11 <gaughen> jgrimm, nacc, cpaelzer, smoser, powersj - you all have any cocktail hours planned or anything?

 16:11 <gaughen> nacc, yup, plotting to

 16:11 <gaughen> thanks!

 16:11 <nacc> gaughen: thanks!

 16:11 <cpaelzer> yep, planned

 16:11 <nacc> gaughen: i mean, 5pm every day?

 16:11 <jgrimm> gaughen: would be beer for us, you know that!

 16:12 <gaughen> pssh

 16:12 <jgrimm> snooty beers even

 16:12 <cpaelzer> <- wine as well

 16:12 <gaughen> grapefruit radler!

 16:12 <nacc> :)

 16:12 * jgrimm shakes head

 16:12 <gaughen> okay, moving on

 16:12 <gaughen> #topic Open Discussion

 16:12 <cpaelzer> here, typing ...

 16:12 <jgrimm> cpaelzer, want to give a headsup on dpdk/ovs testing

 16:12 <gaughen> jgrimm, I've been doing an exhaustive analysis of radlers

 16:13 <cpaelzer> actually qemu I think, but yes

 16:13 <cpaelzer> The feedback to the machine type handling was not a lot

 16:13 <cpaelzer> a few private replies

 16:13 <jgrimm> cpaelzer, well.. both relevant, though indeed qemu is more interesting

 16:13 <cpaelzer> I integrated all of that and created a wiki page just as hallyn did in the far past (trusty)

 16:13 <cpaelzer> https://wiki.ubuntu.com/QemuKVMMigration

 16:13 <cpaelzer> It is still WIP

 16:14 <cpaelzer> but the good message is that I have automated tests for in-release, cross-release and backward migration

 16:14 <cpaelzer> as well as a wrapper to run the qa tests of the security team against any those release

 16:14 <jgrimm> very nice

 16:14 <cpaelzer> that will be my guide to prep the next (most urgendt) uploads for issues

 16:15 <gaughen> cool

 16:15 <gaughen> anything else cpaelzer?

 16:15 <cpaelzer> the dpdk testing still works as is, but I really think this cycle we will have the chance to move both of those from manual to something driven by jenkins

 16:15 <cpaelzer> powersj: already has the right machine

 16:15 <cpaelzer> so that should work out

 16:15 <powersj> yep!

 16:15 <cpaelzer> I guess that's it for now

 16:15 <cpaelzer> just wanted to let you know

 16:16 <gaughen> it's very good progress

 16:16 <gaughen> anyone else have any topics for the open topics?

 16:16 <gaughen> #topic Announce next meeting date, time and chair

 16:16 <gaughen> next week at the same time and place, the famous jamespage is the chair!

 16:17 <cpaelzer> thanks gaughen

 16:17 <gaughen> #topic Assign daily bug triage for week (powersj, rbasak, nacc, cpaelzer)

 16:17 <powersj> On deck for the rest of the week are nacc (wed), cpaelzer (thur), and rbasak (today & fri). Any issues with completing this?

 16:17 <gaughen> oh wait, there are two more little topics

 16:17 <jgrimm> :)

 16:17 * powersj thinks the announce next meeting topic should be last FYI

 16:17 <gaughen> I'm moving it, powersj

 16:17 <jgrimm> powersj, i was thinking the same

 16:17 <gaughen> ditto

 16:18 <jgrimm> we did it intentionally to let people go... but its confusing

 16:18 <nacc> powersj: no issues

 16:18 <gaughen> okay moving on

 16:18 <gaughen> #topic Assigned merges/bugwork (rbasak)

 16:18 <rbasak> Agreed. Also these topics are pretty short now.

 16:18 <gaughen> rbasak, has been quiet this meeting

 16:18 <powersj> jgrimm, thx

 16:18 <gaughen> oh you are here

 16:18 <rbasak> Since people are pretty much self-managing now.

 16:18 <gaughen> I had already made the executive decision to move it ;-)

 16:18 <rbasak> So...any issues?

 16:18 <gaughen> but glad you all agree

 16:18 <rbasak> I feel that progress is slowing, so it would be great if everyone could remember to look at their bugs please.

 16:18 <jgrimm> rbasak, i've updated the spreadsheet.   1 bug closed (fixed even), 1 waiting on someone else, 1 i need to get back to

 16:19 <cpaelzer> no issues on my side, but also no capacity to catch more bugs

 16:19 <powersj> rbasak, I could look at 1-2 small ones

 16:19 <cpaelzer> depending on what you want we might add  a few of the qemu/kvm bug to the list

 16:19 <rbasak> powersj: OK, I'll find you some after the meeting. Thanks!

 16:19 <cpaelzer> rbasak: would you want me to add those?

 16:19 <rbasak> cpaelzer: sure, go ahead.

 16:19 <nacc> rbasak: i'm going to pull some bugs off our backlog today, as i'm freeing up now

 16:19 <cpaelzer> ok, will do that

 16:19 <jgrimm> rbasak, i'd take 1 too

 16:19 <rbasak> nacc: great, thanks!

 16:20 <jgrimm> nacc, don't forget pollinate

 16:20 <nacc> jgrimm: ack, it's fixed in yakkety, waiting on testing from bug originator

 16:20 <nacc> jgrimm: before we upload to xenial, as we don't want to regress/break via SRU

 16:20 <jgrimm> nacc, cool. powersj will want to test that across clouds

 16:20 <jgrimm> nacc, +1

 16:20 <nacc> jgrimm: ack

 16:20 <nacc> powersj: --^ :)

 16:20 <powersj> yep!

 16:21 <gaughen> nacc, curious what the bug was.. I'll pest you offline

 16:21 <gaughen> okay you all done?

 16:21 <cpaelzer> y

 16:21 <gaughen> sweet

 16:21 <jgrimm> gaughen, thanks!

 16:21 <gaughen> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)