== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 01 Feb at 16:32 &mdash; 16:49 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2016/ubuntu-meeting.2016-02-01-16.32.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting 
=== Announcements ===
The discussion about "Announcements" started at 16:33.


=== Weekly stand-up report ===
The discussion about "Weekly stand-up report" started at 16:33.


=== Highlighted packages ===
The discussion about "Highlighted packages" started at 16:47.

  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/owncloud-client.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/node.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/tripleo-heat-templates.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/geary.html 

=== Miscellaneous and Questions ===
The discussion about "Miscellaneous and Questions" started at 16:47.

  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/puppet-module-puppetlabs-stdlib.html 



== Vote results ==




== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * tyhicks (32)
 * jdstrand (6)
 * sbeattie (6)
 * chrisccoulson (5)
 * mdeslaur (4)
 * ubottu (4)
 * sarnold (3)
 * meetingology (3)



== Full Log ==


 16:32 <tyhicks> #startmeeting

 16:32 <meetingology> Meeting started Mon Feb  1 16:32:51 2016 UTC.  The chair is tyhicks. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:32 <meetingology> 

 16:32 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 16:33 <tyhicks> The meeting agenda can be found at:

 16:33 <tyhicks> [LINK] https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting

 16:33 <tyhicks> [TOPIC] Announcements

 16:33 <tyhicks> Gianfranco Costamagna (LocutusOfBorg) provided debdiffs for trusty-wily for virtualbox (LP: #1538115)

 16:33 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1538115 in virtualbox (Ubuntu) "virtualbox SRU for CVEs" [Medium,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1538115

 16:33 <tyhicks> Otto Kekäläinen provided debdiffs for mariadb-5.5 (trusty, LP: #1524704) and mariadb-10.0 (vivid, wily, LP: #1538315)

 16:33 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1524704 in mariadb-5.5 (Ubuntu Trusty) "New upstream microrelease available: 5.5.47" [Medium,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1524704

 16:33 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1538315 in mariadb-10.0 (Ubuntu Wily) "USN-2881-1: MySQL vulnerabilities also apply to MariaDB" [Medium,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1538315

 16:33 <tyhicks> Thank you for your assistance in keeping Ubuntu users secure! :)

 16:33 <tyhicks> [TOPIC] Weekly stand-up report

 16:33 <tyhicks> jdstrand: you're up

 16:35 <jdstrand> hey

 16:36 <jdstrand> so, this week I am focusing on snappy. in particular the review tools

 16:36 <jdstrand> I will be working on cleanups, new snap.yaml format and squashfs verification

 16:36 <jdstrand> I think that is it for me

 16:36 <jdstrand> mdeslaur: you're up

 16:36 <mdeslaur> I'm on triage this week

 16:37 <mdeslaur> and I plan on working on qemu updates

 16:37 <jdstrand> oh, I'll also respond to the skills threads as needed

 16:37 <mdeslaur> I may have time to pick something else off the list

 16:37 <mdeslaur> that's about it, sbeattie

 16:37 <sbeattie> I'm in the happy place this week

 16:37 <sbeattie> I have openjdk updates that I'm finishing up

 16:38 <sbeattie> I need to finish writing up my gcc -pie email about the test rebuild

 16:38 <sbeattie> I also have some apparmor items to get through this week

 16:38 <sbeattie> That will probably consume most of my week, along with the usual kernel cve handling.

 16:38 <sbeattie> tyhicks: you're up.

 16:39 <tyhicks> I'm in the community role this week

 16:39 <tyhicks> I will again focus on AppArmor stacking

 16:39 <tyhicks> I'm working on adding the ability to handle stacking rules in apparmor_parser

 16:40 <tyhicks> I'll also be working on cleaning up a large patch set of AppArmor kernel fixes from jj to land in Xenial and SRU to stable releases

 16:41 <tyhicks> if I have time, there are a few code review requests that would be nice to tend to

 16:41 <tyhicks> that's it for me

 16:41 <tyhicks> jjohansen: you're up

 16:42 <tyhicks> I don't see him around atm

 16:42 <tyhicks> sarnold_: go ahead

 16:43 <sarnold> bah

 16:44 <sarnold> I'm on bug triage this week; I ought to finish the dpdk MIR today or tomorrow (depending upon how buggy the weekend was :) and then move on to the backlog of review requests; if there's more apparmor stacking discussion, maybe throw in my two cents occasionally

 16:44 <sarnold> that should do it for me, chrisccoulson?

 16:44 <chrisccoulson> I don't have any updates planned this week (yay), although I'm still expecting a thunderbird update at some point

 16:45 <chrisccoulson> So I'll be focusing on finishing bug 1459830 and investigating some issues with playcanvas

 16:45 <ubottu> bug 1459830 in Oxide "Support drag and drop" [Medium,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1459830

 16:46 <chrisccoulson> Oh, the "no updates planned" bit isn't technically true - I'll be updating Firefox this week to fix a regression in the current version

 16:46 <chrisccoulson> I think that's me done

 16:46 <tyhicks> bummer

 16:46 <tyhicks> would have been nice to make it through the week without an update :)

 16:46 <chrisccoulson> heh

 16:47 <tyhicks> [TOPIC] Highlighted packages

 16:47 <tyhicks> The Ubuntu Security team will highlight some community-supported packages that might be good candidates for updating and or triaging. If you would like to help Ubuntu and not sure where to start, this is a great way to do so.

 16:47 <tyhicks> See https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/UpdateProcedures for details and if you have any questions, feel free to ask in #ubuntu-security. To find out other ways of helping out, please see https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/GettingInvolved.

 16:47 <tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/owncloud-client.html

 16:47 <tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/node.html

 16:47 <tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/tripleo-heat-templates.html

 16:47 <tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/geary.html

 16:47 <tyhicks> [TOPIC] Miscellaneous and Questions

 16:47 <tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/puppet-module-puppetlabs-stdlib.html

 16:47 <tyhicks> Does anyone have any other questions or items to discuss?

 16:49 <tyhicks> jdstrand, mdeslaur, sbeattie, jjohansen, sarnold, ChrisCoulson: Thanks!

 16:49 <tyhicks> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)