== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting: DMB, 07 Oct at 19:16 &mdash; 20:06 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2013/ubuntu-meeting.2013-10-07-19.16.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Ubuntu Core Developer Applications ===
The discussion about "Ubuntu Core Developer Applications" started at 19:16.

 * '''Chris J Arges''' (19:17)
  * ''LINK:'' http://ubuntu-dev.alioth.debian.org/cgi-bin/ubuntu-sponsorships.cgi?render=html&sponsor=*&sponsor_search=name&sponsoree=Chris+J+Arges&sponsoree_search=name 
  * ''Vote:'' Should Chris J Arges join ubuntu-core-dev? (Carried)
  * ''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/MOTU/New might have some tips

=== AOB ===
The discussion about "AOB" started at 20:03.

 * '''Should we change UTC meeting time when the DST-ending madness begins?''' (20:03)



== Vote results ==

 * Should Chris J Arges join ubuntu-core-dev?
  * Motion carried (For/Against/Abstained 4/0/0)



== Action items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * arges (51)
 * Laney (47)
 * tumbleweed (18)
 * stgraber (12)
 * meetingology (12)
 * micahg-work (10)



== Full Log ==


 19:16 <Laney> #startmeeting DMB

 19:16 <meetingology> Meeting started Mon Oct  7 19:16:37 2013 UTC.  The chair is Laney. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 19:16 <meetingology> 

 19:16 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 19:16 <Laney> #topic Ubuntu Core Developer Applications

 19:17 <Laney> (no actions or anything, straight into it)

 19:17 <Laney> #subtopic Chris J Arges

 19:17 <Laney> hello arges!

 19:17 <arges> o/

 19:17 <Laney> care to give us a quick introduction for the history books?

 19:17 <arges> Sure

 19:18 <arges> So I'm been an Ubuntu user since 06. And for the last two years I've been fixing Ubuntu bugs as a full-time job working in canonical technical services.

 19:19 <arges> I mainly work on kernel bugs, but I also fix userspace packages as well.

 19:19 <Laney> thanks

 19:19 <arges> I'm always trying to make sure our stable releases continue to be awesome, and I also run teh latest devel release to fix bugs as I hit them as well.

 19:19 <Laney> http://ubuntu-dev.alioth.debian.org/cgi-bin/ubuntu-sponsorships.cgi?render=html&sponsor=*&sponsor_search=name&sponsoree=Chris+J+Arges&sponsoree_search=name

 19:19 <arges> .

 19:20 <Laney> Looks like a pretty good list

 19:20 <Laney> you should have gotten infinity to advocate you :P

 19:20 <arges> Laney: i did e-mail him.

 19:20 <arges> but I'm guessing its crunch time so he may have been busy

 19:22 <Laney> fair enough

 19:26 <Laney> so

 19:27 <Laney> did you find the plus one team provided you with good experience for this application?

 19:27 <arges> Laney: absoultely.

 19:28 <arges> It was fun fixing FTBFS,whilst learning proper packaging, and all the variables needed to fix a wide range of packages

 19:28 <Laney> great, I'm glad it's serving that part of its purpose well

 19:29 <Laney> if accepted, is there any particular area you will concentrate on?

 19:29 <Laney> maybe outside of your work if that answer will be uninteresting ;-)

 19:30 <arges> I'll continue to fix a wide range of bugs for stable releases, but my fxies will most likely be in the server/cloud

 19:30 <arges> I also will fix things as I use them, so I record audio on Ubuntu and like to make sure usbaudio / jack /ardour work well

 19:31 * Laney nods

 19:31 <Laney> stgraber has a q

 19:31 <stgraber> arges: hi, so how familiar are you with the Ubuntu release process? For example, can you describe what state the Ubuntu archive currently is in, how long it'll be in that state and what's expected from uploaders at this time?

 19:32 <arges> stgraber: sure. we are after the kernel freeze and final beta freeze. The final freeze is on oct 10th and the release is the 17th

 19:33 <arges> at this point only release-critical bugs / security-critical bugs will be fixed

 19:33 <arges> If there is an exceptional case, it can be considered, but we obviously want to make sure we don't introduce any last minute regressions / etc

 19:34 <stgraber> is there a known exception to that rule you know of? (not really expecting you too, just wondering how much side noise you've heard ;))

 19:35 <arges> You mean specifically and recently?

 19:35 <stgraber> yep, new for this cycle

 19:36 <arges> stgraber: was there something with the ubuntu touch project that changed recently?

 19:37 <stgraber> yep, touch packages that are only seeded on the touch images and nowhere else have a pretty broad freeze exception and so are still getting feature updates this late in the cycle

 19:37 <stgraber> do you know how to easily check if a package is seeded and so will affect an official Ubuntu image?

 19:38 <arges> stgraber: i believe there is a project that does this

 19:38 <arges> seeded-in-ubuntu

 19:39 <stgraber> are you subscribed to ubuntu-devel-announce? (we seem to have forgotten to ask that one lately...)

 19:39 <arges> stgraber: no i am not, but will subscribe now

 19:39 <stgraber> thanks :)

 19:39 <stgraber> that's all I've got, next!

 19:39 <arges> thanks

 19:39 <Laney> micahg-work: go

 19:40 <micahg-work> arges, have you ever done a library transition in the archive?

 19:40 <arges> micahg-work: i've done some fixes for multi-arch python, but nothing too major

 19:41 <micahg-work> arges, I'm referring to a SONAME bump or something similar

 19:42 <arges> micahg-work: no i haven't had the chance to fix something like that. but its something I can learn and handle with help from mentors

 19:44 <micahg-work> arges, do you have a general idea of how something like that would work

 19:45 <arges> micahg-work: sure.

 19:46 <arges> so first ensure the library builds properly with the bump, so we'll get something like /usr/lib/libblah.so.X.Y

 19:47 <arges> then we need to make sure any packages that depend on that library build properly and can pick up that new library

 19:47 <arges> if the packages that depend on the library have any version requirements we may need to modify them to use the newer library

 19:48 <arges> so then you'd go through all the rdepends library packages and ensure they build correctly and also pass tests/QA/etc

 19:50 <arges> there could be some gotcahs because function names could have changed as well

 19:50 <arges> ..

 19:51 <micahg-work> arges, thanks, that was nicely detailed (and the initial rebuild test is always a good thing to do)

 19:51 <micahg-work> rdepend rebuild I meant

 19:52 <arges> micahg-work: thanks

 19:52 <Laney> do you know of any process improvement that was made recently which makes ongoing transitions safer for users of the development release?

 19:53 <arges> Laney: i think there is a few

 19:53 <arges> - autopkgtests and running them when a new package is uploaded

 19:54 <arges> - improved qa, more continuous testing

 19:55 <arges> Hmm i was going something else

 19:55 <Laney> Let me interrupt, because we're running short on time - sorry

 19:55 <arges> Sure

 19:55 <Laney> I was mainly thinking of proposed-migration (britney)

 19:55 <arges> Ojk

 19:55 <arges> Ok

 19:55 <Laney> it makes sure that packages don't move to the main release until transitions are done

 19:55 <Laney> (simplified description)

 19:56 <Laney> tumbleweed: you had something?

 19:56 <tumbleweed> yeah

 19:56 <tumbleweed> arges: I don't see any sync  in the sponsorship miner, or your LP page

 19:56 <tumbleweed> *syncs

 19:56 <tumbleweed> have you worked much with Debian?

 19:56 <arges> tumbleweed: I have done a debian sync... let me find that example

 19:57 <arges> tumbleweed: https://launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/iptables/1.4.18-1ubuntu1

 19:57 <arges> I think there may be two, but this is the first one i could finmd

 19:57 <tumbleweed> ubuntu1 doesn't soound like a sync

 19:57 * tumbleweed looks

 19:57 <tumbleweed> ah, it's a merge

 19:57 <arges> Oh you said sync

 19:57 <arges> sorry

 19:58 <arges> No I haven't done a debian sync, just debian merges

 19:58 <tumbleweed> I suppose many of the packages you've touched have Ubuntu deltas

 19:58 <tumbleweed> right, so you know to look for merges on packages you touched last

 19:58 <arges> Yup! the merge o matic page

 19:58 <tumbleweed> there's also a handy grep-merges tool

 19:58 <arges> ah nice!

 19:59 <arges> I also regarding debian, I do try and submit my fixes to debian using 'submittodebian' when applicable to ensure we reduce our delta with debian

 19:59 <tumbleweed> ok

 19:59 <tumbleweed> so you've dealt with the Debian BTS

 19:59 <arges> Yes

 20:00 <tumbleweed> I think that answers everything I have there

 20:00 <tumbleweed> thanks

 20:00 <arges> thanks

 20:00 <Laney> cheers

 20:00 <Laney> stgraber: micahg-work: got anything final?

 20:00 <Laney> or vote?

 20:00 <stgraber> I'm ready to vote

 20:00 <micahg-work> I think that covered everything

 20:00 <Laney> #vote Should Chris J Arges join ubuntu-core-dev?

 20:00 <meetingology> Please vote on: Should Chris J Arges join ubuntu-core-dev?

 20:00 <meetingology> Public votes can be registered by saying +1, +0 or -1 in channel, (private votes don't work yet, but when they do it will be by messaging the channel followed by +1/-1/+0 to me)

 20:00 <Laney> +1

 20:00 <meetingology> +1 received from Laney

 20:00 <stgraber> +1

 20:00 <meetingology> +1 received from stgraber

 20:00 <tumbleweed> +1

 20:00 <meetingology> +1 received from tumbleweed

 20:01 <micahg-work> +1 good work thusfar, good understanding of process, don't be afraid to ask questions later :)

 20:01 <meetingology> +1 good work thusfar, good understanding of process, don't be afraid to ask questions later :) received from micahg-work

 20:01 <Laney> #endvote

 20:01 <meetingology> Voting ended on: Should Chris J Arges join ubuntu-core-dev?

 20:01 <meetingology> Votes for:4 Votes against:0 Abstentions:0

 20:01 <meetingology> Motion carried

 20:01 <Laney> thanks, and welcome!

 20:01 <arges> thanks everybody!

 20:01 <stgraber> arges: congrats!

 20:01 <Laney> added ;-)

 20:02 <Laney> https://wiki.ubuntu.com/MOTU/New might have some tips

 20:02 <Laney> but may also be a bit stale (don't be afraid to update it if you learn things)

 20:02 <tumbleweed> great

 20:02 <arges> Laney: will do. thanks

 20:02 <Laney> I'm guessing Daniel Pocock isn't here?

 20:02 <tumbleweed> he goes by pocock on IRC, doesn't he?

 20:02 <stgraber> doesn't appear to be on IRC, no

 20:02 <Laney> no idea

 20:03 * micahg-work wonders if -v for dpkg-buildpackage is on that list

 20:03 * tumbleweed sees him on OFTC

 20:03 <Laney> I'll ping over email

 20:03 <Laney> we could maybe handle it there

 20:03 <Laney> as it seems to have been around for a while

 20:03 <Laney> #topic AOB

 20:03 <Laney> #subtopic Should we change UTC meeting time when the DST-ending madness begins?

 20:03 <Laney> who put that there?

 20:04 <micahg-work> well, we were discussing informally after the last "meeting"

 20:05 <micahg-work> we can table for the next meeting I guess

 20:05 <Laney> Just about still before DST changes

 20:06 <Laney> ok, let us carry it

 20:06 <Laney> thanks chaps

 20:06 <Laney> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)