== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 16 Dec at 16:46 &mdash; 17:14 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2013/ubuntu-meeting.2013-12-16-16.46.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting 
=== Announcements ===
The discussion about "Announcements" started at 16:46.


=== Weekly stand-up report ===
The discussion about "Weekly stand-up report" started at 16:47.


=== Highlighted packages ===
The discussion about "Highlighted packages" started at 17:08.

  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/rawstudio.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/nagstamon.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/slim.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/ruby-passenger.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/autotrace.html 

=== Miscellaneous and Questions ===
The discussion about "Miscellaneous and Questions" started at 17:09.




== Vote results ==




== Action items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * jdstrand (47)
 * tyhicks (21)
 * mdeslaur (12)
 * jjohansen1 (8)
 * sarnold (7)
 * meetingology (3)



== Full Log ==


 16:46 <jdstrand> #startmeeting

 16:46 <meetingology> Meeting started Mon Dec 16 16:46:00 2013 UTC.  The chair is jdstrand. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:46 <meetingology> 

 16:46 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 16:46 <jdstrand> The meeting agenda can be found at:

 16:46 <jdstrand> [LINK] https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting

 16:46 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Announcements

 16:46 <jdstrand> Due to the EOY leave, the next security team meeting will be 2014/01/06

 16:47 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Weekly stand-up report

 16:47 <jdstrand> I'll go first

 16:47 <jdstrand> I'm on triage this week

 16:47 <jdstrand> I'll be here all week this week!

 16:47 <jdstrand> (try the veal)

 16:47 <mdeslaur> \o/

 16:47 <jdstrand> but, I'm off the next two weeks

 16:48 <mdeslaur> slacker

 16:48 <mdeslaur> :)

 16:48 <jdstrand> hehe

 16:48 <jdstrand> I've got some pending updates

 16:48 <jdstrand> and a few work items around apparmor-easyprof-ubuntu that I am working on

 16:49 <jdstrand> I dug into oxide testing last week and started developing policy for apparmor policy version 1.1 for it

 16:49 <jdstrand> chris is off til the end of the year, so I'll mention that the packaging is all together for it, and it builds for all archs

 16:50 <mdeslaur> oh, that's awesome :)

 16:50 <jdstrand> it fails at runtime on armhf which we think is due to a compile-time option surrounding neon

 16:50 <jdstrand> the navigation api is reviewed and I think will be committed soon

 16:51 <jdstrand> so it is really coming along. I've got a todo this week to communicate this to other stakeholders (and an oxide meeting too)

 16:51 <jdstrand> I think that's it for me

 16:51 <jdstrand> mdeslaur: you're up

 16:51 <mdeslaur> I'm on community this week

 16:51 <mdeslaur> I have a couple of updates pending, I'm in the final stages of testing

 16:52 <mdeslaur> and I'll continue going down the list, as usual.

 16:52 <mdeslaur> that's about it from me

 16:52 <mdeslaur> hrm, sbeattie isn't here

 16:52 <mdeslaur> tyhicks: you're up

 16:52 <tyhicks> I've got some carry over from last week

 16:53 <tyhicks> I got hung up for a little too long on an issue where the emulator fails the executable stack test of test-kernel-security.py

 16:53 <tyhicks> I spent quite a bit of time on it and I've convinced myself that it is an emulator bug because everything works fine on maguro

 16:54 <jjohansen1> ickky

 16:54 <jdstrand> tyhicks: interesting-- can you file it if you haven't already? it would be good to get the emulator fixed so that other teams don't get tripped up

 16:54 <tyhicks> I've built final goldfish, manta, and mako kernels and need to do some quick testing and then send off the patches

 16:54 <tyhicks> jdstrand: sure, that's a good idea

 16:54 <jdstrand> tyhicks: oh, maguro, interesting-- do we have access to that device on the team?

 16:55 <jjohansen1> jdstrand: ? I've got one

 16:55 <tyhicks> oh no

 16:55 <tyhicks> I was wrong about the code name

 16:55 <tyhicks> I meant grouper

 16:55 <jdstrand> jjohansen1: ah right, you have nearly everything :)

 16:55 <jdstrand> ok

 16:55 * tyhicks has another shot of coffee

 16:55 <jdstrand> heh

 16:56 <tyhicks> after that, I'll be on user data encryption

 16:56 <jjohansen1> jdstrand: no no, please forget I ever mentioned uh, never mind ;)

 16:56 <tyhicks> well, there is one problem

 16:56 <tyhicks> I can't test the manta and mako kernels

 16:57 <tyhicks> but I also don't want to bog down jj

 16:57 <tyhicks> I think testing in the emulator is sufficient, though

 16:57 <jdstrand> I have a mako. chris has a manta

 16:57 <jdstrand> (though chris is off this week)

 16:57 <jdstrand> tyhicks: if you need me, holler

 16:57 <tyhicks> all mako and manta get are some backported yama patches since their kernel configs were already hardened correctly

 16:57 <tyhicks> ok

 16:57 <tyhicks> I'll think about it some more

 16:57 <tyhicks> that's it for me

 16:57 <tyhicks> jjohansen1: you're up

 16:59 <jjohansen1> I'm working on apparmor again this week, I've got some testing work to coordinate with sbeattie around dfa and permission changes, and yes ipc work.

 17:00 <jjohansen1> And I'm fixing another invalidation bug that keeps taking down anything using a compound label

 17:00 <jjohansen1> so files, sockets, ..., stacking pretty much everything

 17:00 * jjohansen1 sighs

 17:01 <sarnold> :(

 17:02 <jjohansen1> well I think thats it from me, sarnold your up

 17:04 <sarnold> I'm in the happy place this week

 17:05 <sarnold> I'm all caught up on the apparmor patches (I think) so I'm moving on to the MIR audits, it's amazing how quicklyu they pile up when I'm not looking..

 17:05 <jdstrand> yes...

 17:05 <tyhicks> sounds like it is about time to write some more apparmor patches

 17:05 <tyhicks> ;)

 17:06 <jdstrand> hah

 17:06 <sarnold> haha :)

 17:07 <sarnold> I started reading the developer.ubuntu.com docs last night and found a handful of problems that I'll file some bugreports for.. it's amazing how much is done already :) woo.

 17:07 <sarnold> I think that's me covered, jdstrand back to you

 17:08 <jdstrand> sarnold: are these security bugs or just regular bugs?

 17:08 <sarnold> jdstrand: regular bugs :) woot

 17:08 <jdstrand> ok, good :)

 17:08 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Highlighted packages

 17:08 <jdstrand> The Ubuntu Security team will highlight some community-supported packages that might be good candidates for updating and or triaging. If you would like to help Ubuntu and not sure where to start, this is a great way to do so.

 17:08 <jdstrand> See https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/UpdateProcedures for details and if you have any questions, feel free to ask in #ubuntu-security. To find out other ways of helping out, please see https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/GettingInvolved.

 17:09 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/rawstudio.html

 17:09 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/nagstamon.html

 17:09 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/slim.html

 17:09 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/ruby-passenger.html

 17:09 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/autotrace.html

 17:09 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Miscellaneous and Questions

 17:09 <jdstrand> Does anyone have any other questions or items to discuss?

 17:09 <mdeslaur> jdstrand: we need to talk about who is doing watch during the holidays

 17:10 <jdstrand> mdeslaur: yeah, I added that to my todo this morning

 17:10 <mdeslaur> cool

 17:10 <jdstrand> mdeslaur: thanks for reminding me

 17:14 <jdstrand> mdeslaur, tyhicks, jjohansen1, sarnold: thanks!

 17:14 <jdstrand> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)