== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 04 Jun at 17:00 &mdash; 17:06 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2013/ubuntu-meeting.2013-06-04-17.00.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/KernelTeam/Meeting 
''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/KernelTeam/ReleaseStatus/Saucy 
=== ARM Status (ppisati) ===
The discussion about "ARM Status (ppisati)" started at 17:01.


=== Release Metrics and Incoming Bugs (jsalisbury) ===
The discussion about "Release Metrics and Incoming Bugs (jsalisbury)" started at 17:03.

  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~kernel/reports/kt-meeting.txt 

=== Milestone Targeted Work Items (ogasawara) ===
The discussion about "Milestone Targeted Work Items (ogasawara)" started at 17:04.

  * ''LINK:'' https://launchpad.net/~canonical-kernel-distro-team/+upcomingwork 
  * ''LINK:'' http://status.ubuntu.com/ubuntu-s/canonical-kernel-distro-team.html 

=== Status: Saucy Development Kernel (ogasawara) ===
The discussion about "Status: Saucy Development Kernel (ogasawara)" started at 17:04.


=== Status: CVE's (sconklin) ===
The discussion about "Status: CVE's (sconklin)" started at 17:05.

  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~kernel/cve/pkg/ALL-linux.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~kernel/status/cve-metrics.txt 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~kernel/cve/pkg/CVE-linux.txt 

=== Status: Stable, Security, and Bugfix Kernel Updates - Raring/Quantal/Precise/Lucid/Hardy (bjf/henrix/sconklin) ===
The discussion about "Status: Stable, Security, and Bugfix Kernel Updates - Raring/Quantal/Precise/Lucid/Hardy (bjf/henrix/sconklin)" started at 17:05.


=== Open Discussion or Questions? Raise your hand to be recognized (o/) ===
The discussion about "Open Discussion or Questions? Raise your hand to be recognized (o/)" started at 17:06.




== Vote results ==




== Action items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * ogasawara (25)
 * jsalisbury (23)
 * bjf (19)
 * ppisati (9)
 * apw (3)
 * meetingology (3)
 * bjf[afk] (1)
 * cking (1)
 * henrix (1)
 * kamal (1)
 * smb (1)



== Full Log ==


 17:00 <jsalisbury> #startmeeting

 17:00 <meetingology> Meeting started Tue Jun  4 17:00:18 2013 UTC.  The chair is jsalisbury. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 17:00 <meetingology> 

 17:00 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 17:00 <jsalisbury> ##

 17:00 <jsalisbury> ## This is the Ubuntu Kernel Team weekly status meeting.

 17:00 <jsalisbury> ##

 17:00 <jsalisbury> [LINK] https://wiki.ubuntu.com/KernelTeam/Meeting

 17:00 <jsalisbury> [LINK] https://wiki.ubuntu.com/KernelTeam/ReleaseStatus/Saucy

 17:00 <jsalisbury> # Meeting Etiquette

 17:00 <jsalisbury> #

 17:00 <jsalisbury> # NOTE: '..' indicates that you are finished with your input.

 17:00 <jsalisbury> #       'o/' indicates you have something to add (please wait until you are recognized)

 17:00 <jsalisbury> Roll Call for Ubuntu Kernel Weekly Status Meeting

 17:00 <ppisati> o/

 17:01 * smb here

 17:01 <henrix> o/

 17:01 <cking> o/

 17:01 <kamal> o/

 17:01 <apw> o/

 17:01 <jsalisbury> [TOPIC] ARM Status (ppisati)

 17:01 <ppisati> Q/master: lp1176977 ("XFS instability on armhf under load") - cherry picked

 17:01 <ppisati> more fixes for the preallocation code, rerun the swift benchmark with different

 17:01 <ppisati> fs sizes but unfortunately some xfs tests failed, under investigation.

 17:01 <ppisati> */highbank: lp1182637("cpu_offlining fails to run on ARM") - little progress on

 17:01 <ppisati> this one, but i'm still working on it.

 17:01 <ppisati> ..

 17:01 <ogasawara> quick question...

 17:01 <ppisati> yep

 17:02 <ogasawara> have we helped test the Nexus 7 kernel for phonedations?

 17:02 <ogasawara> I recall they said they didn't have the hw

 17:02 <ogasawara> and that was the only blocker from it landing in the touch images

 17:02 <apw> i believe rtg was doing so

 17:02 <ogasawara> ah, I'll sync with him upon his return then

 17:02 <ogasawara> ..

 17:02 <apw> failing that i have h/w as well

 17:03 <bjf[afk]> i as well

 17:03 * ppisati too

 17:03 <jsalisbury> [TOPIC] Release Metrics and Incoming Bugs (jsalisbury)

 17:03 <jsalisbury> Release metrics and incoming bug data can be reviewed at the following link:

 17:03 <jsalisbury> [LINK] http://people.canonical.com/~kernel/reports/kt-meeting.txt

 17:03 <jsalisbury> ..

 17:04 <jsalisbury> [TOPIC] Milestone Targeted Work Items (ogasawara)

 17:04 <ogasawara> [LINK] https://launchpad.net/~canonical-kernel-distro-team/+upcomingwork

 17:04 <ogasawara> [LINK] http://status.ubuntu.com/ubuntu-s/canonical-kernel-distro-team.html

 17:04 <ogasawara> || ogasawara || foundations-1305-kernel || 1 work item ||

 17:04 <ogasawara> ||           || mobile-power-management || 1 work item ||

 17:04 <ogasawara> || rtg       || foundations-1303-phablet-kernel-maintenance || 2 work items ||

 17:04 <ogasawara> || sforshee  || foundations-1303-phablet-kernel-maintenance || 1 work item ||

 17:04 <ogasawara> || smb       || servercloud-s-virtstack || 1 work item  ||

 17:04 <ogasawara> It appears not all the blueprints are setting the series properly and thus we may be missing some

 17:04 <ogasawara> work items for our team.  I'll review any oversights and update the table next week.

 17:04 <ogasawara> ..

 17:04 <jsalisbury> [TOPIC] Status: Saucy Development Kernel (ogasawara)

 17:04 <ogasawara> Our Saucy unstable branch has been rebased to the latest v3.10-rc4

 17:04 <ogasawara> upstream kernel.  Saucy master-next is currently at v3.9.4.  We are

 17:04 <ogasawara> debugging some boot issues with the v3.10-rc4 rebase, so will hold off

 17:04 <ogasawara> on uploading a v3.10 based kernel until those are resolved.

 17:04 <ogasawara> We still anticipate an AppArmor pull request this week from the security

 17:04 <ogasawara> team to get the latest AppArmor patches into our phablet kernels.

 17:04 <ogasawara> Important upcoming dates:

 17:04 <ogasawara> Thurs June 20 - Alpha 1 (opt in)

 17:04 <ogasawara> ..

 17:05 <jsalisbury> [TOPIC] Status: CVE's (sconklin)

 17:05 <bjf> Currently we have 71 CVEs on our radar, with 2 CVEs added and 0 CVEs retired in the last week.

 17:05 <bjf> See the CVE matrix for the current list:

 17:05 <bjf> [LINK] http://people.canonical.com/~kernel/cve/pkg/ALL-linux.html

 17:05 <bjf> Overall the backlog has decreased slightly this week:

 17:05 <bjf> [LINK] http://people.canonical.com/~kernel/status/cve-metrics.txt

 17:05 <bjf> [LINK] http://people.canonical.com/~kernel/cve/pkg/CVE-linux.txt

 17:05 <bjf> ..

 17:05 <jsalisbury> [TOPIC] Status: Stable, Security, and Bugfix Kernel Updates - Raring/Quantal/Precise/Lucid/Hardy (bjf/henrix/sconklin)

 17:06 <bjf> Status for the main kernels, until today (Jun. 04):

 17:06 <bjf> *   Lucid - In Verification;

 17:06 <bjf> * Precise - In Verification;

 17:06 <bjf> * Quantal - In Verification;

 17:06 <bjf> * Raring  - In Verification;

 17:06 <bjf> Current opened tracking bugs details:

 17:06 <bjf> * http://people.canonical.com/~kernel/reports/kernel-sru-workflow.html

 17:06 <bjf> For SRUs, SRU report is a good source of information:

 17:06 <bjf> * http://people.canonical.com/~kernel/reports/sru-report.html

 17:06 <bjf> Future stable cadence cycles:

 17:06 <bjf> * https://wiki.ubuntu.com/RaringRingtail/ReleaseInterlock

 17:06 <bjf> ..

 17:06 <jsalisbury> [TOPIC] Open Discussion or Questions? Raise your hand to be recognized (o/)

 17:06 <jsalisbury> Thanks everyone

 17:06 <jsalisbury> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)