#title #ubuntu-meeting Meeting

Meeting started by jdstrand at 16:34:03 UTC.  The full logs are
available at
http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2013/ubuntu-meeting.2013-04-22-16.34.log.html
.



== Meeting summary ==

''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting   (jdstrand, 16:34:06)
 *Announcements

 *Weekly stand-up report

 *Highlighted packages
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/mongodb.html   (jdstrand, 16:54:25)
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/proftpd-dfsg.html   (jdstrand, 16:54:28)
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/mc.html   (jdstrand, 16:54:31)
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/cowbell.html   (jdstrand, 16:54:45)
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/falconpl.html   (jdstrand, 16:54:49)

 *Miscellaneous and Questions



Meeting ended at 17:05:25 UTC.



== Votes ==




== Action items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * jdstrand (35)
 * chrisccoulson (13)
 * sbeattie (7)
 * tyhicks (7)
 * jjohansen (6)
 * sarnold (5)
 * meetingology (3)
 * ubottu (1)



== Full Log ==


 16:34:03 <jdstrand> #startmeeting

 16:34:03 <meetingology> Meeting started Mon Apr 22 16:34:03 2013 UTC.  The chair is jdstrand. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:34:03 <meetingology> 

 16:34:03 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 16:34:06 <jdstrand> The meeting agenda can be found at:

 16:34:06 <jdstrand> [LINK] https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting

 16:34:10 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Announcements

 16:34:32 <chrisccoulson> yo

 16:34:45 <jdstrand> next week we'll be at a sprint and I believe the current meeting time is in conflict with a meeting at the sprint, so we'll skip

 16:35:13 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Weekly stand-up report

 16:35:20 <jdstrand> I'll go first

 16:35:28 <jdstrand> install audits went well last week, nothing surprising or particularly important

 16:35:36 <jdstrand> I'm on triage this week

 16:36:02 <jdstrand> I've got openjdk-7 updates for this week

 16:36:21 <jdstrand> also monthly planning (april review, may planning)

 16:36:37 <jdstrand> and sprint preparation. if there's time, I'll take something off the list

 16:36:43 <jdstrand> sbeattie: you're up

 16:37:05 <sbeattie> I'm focused on workitems again this week, on the security-1304-appisolation-example blueprint

 16:37:28 <sbeattie> I'll specifically be working on the prototype launcher bits

 16:37:39 <sbeattie> as well as prepping for the sprint

 16:37:47 <sbeattie> and that's pretty much it for me

 16:37:51 <sbeattie> tyhicks: you're up

 16:38:12 <tyhicks> I'm continuing work on the dbus regression tests from last week

 16:39:03 <tyhicks> then I'll move to ' initial work to query confinement labeling of sender' and 'dbus daemon, pass labeling info on messages so security context can be queried by recipient'

 16:39:13 <tyhicks> I'll have some sprint prep, too

 16:39:16 <tyhicks> that's it for me

 16:39:21 <tyhicks> jjohansen: you're up

 16:40:38 <jjohansen> I'll be running around in panic, err that is prepping for the sprint too

 16:40:39 <jjohansen> I have some bugs to finish chasing down, and then I'll be back to working on signals and other bits of ipc

 16:41:36 <jdstrand> jjohansen: what are those bugs in?

 16:42:28 <jjohansen> jdstrand: good question, I chased one down to my kernel, one to the library and I think one is in dbus, I need to verify that and if so I'll pull tyhicks in

 16:42:52 <jdstrand> heh, ok

 16:42:59 <jjohansen> jdstrand: oh! I should have said dev bugs :)

 16:43:31 <jjohansen> thats it from me sarnold your up

 16:44:04 <sarnold> I'm working on the mysql update today, hoping to finish testing on it late today (those tests are immensely long, sheesh)

 16:44:13 <sarnold> probably publishing tomorrow

 16:45:28 <sarnold> when I'm done with that, I'll look at bouncy castle, and if there's any time left, I may give a follow-up audit to one of the packages I NAKd for the forums; the company was kind enough to send me another version for review after fixing my previous complaints. (woo)

 16:45:48 <sarnold> I'm also on community :)

 16:45:56 <sarnold> that's it for me, chrisccoulson, your turn

 16:46:07 <chrisccoulson> hi :)

 16:47:20 <chrisccoulson> so, i spent a bit of time investigating one of the regressions that appeared in firefox 20. got a good handle on that now, but not sure there's much more we can do with it for now

 16:47:51 <jdstrand> chrisccoulson: what is the regression?

 16:48:06 <chrisccoulson> jdstrand, https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=858782

 16:48:08 <ubottu> Mozilla bug 858782 in Extension Compatibility "crash in uGlobalMenuDocListener::DoHandleMutations with GlobalMenu on Ubuntu" [Critical,New]

 16:48:31 <chrisccoulson> i'm a bit concerned that if i fix the crash in our addon code, i'll just push the problem elsewhere

 16:48:45 <chrisccoulson> (see the last comment)

 16:49:24 <jdstrand> huh, interesting

 16:49:41 <chrisccoulson> yeah, i wonder if this has the potential to cause other problems

 16:50:34 <jdstrand> I guess we'll see what upstream says?

 16:50:47 <chrisccoulson> yeah, i'm waiting for them to comment now

 16:51:18 <chrisccoulson> also, did some more work with chromium testing. trying to figure out if there's a way to make the installed test suite smaller (each test binary effectively links in a copy of the browser)

 16:51:47 <chrisccoulson> we also resolved some confusion regarding qtscript/webkit/v8/JSC :)

 16:52:59 <chrisccoulson> and i'm currently trying to figure out why >100 firefox tests started failing over the weekend :(

 16:53:36 <chrisccoulson> actually, make that nearly 200 ;) (191 to be exact)

 16:53:48 <chrisccoulson> i think that's me done

 16:54:08 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Highlighted packages

 16:54:10 <jdstrand> The Ubuntu Security team will highlight some community-supported packages that might be good candidates for updating and or triaging. If you would like to help Ubuntu and not sure where to start, this is a great way to do so.

 16:54:15 <jdstrand> See https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/UpdateProcedures for details and if you have any questions, feel free to ask in #ubuntu-security. To find out other ways of helping out, please see https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/GettingInvolved.

 16:54:25 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/mongodb.html

 16:54:28 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/proftpd-dfsg.html

 16:54:31 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/mc.html

 16:54:45 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/cowbell.html

 16:54:49 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/falconpl.html

 16:54:59 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Miscellaneous and Questions

 16:56:39 <jdstrand> I have one, jjohansen, sbeattie and tyhicks> can you comment on http://status.ubuntu.com/ubuntu-raring/canonical-security-ubuntu-13.04-month-6.html? I need to prepare the monthly work items status for tomorrow. are we on track to be done by friday/tuesday?

 16:57:23 <jjohansen> for /me friday - no, tuesday maybe

 16:57:34 <jdstrand> jjohansen, sbeattie, tyhicks> and it you haven't already, can you update your work items

 16:57:42 <sbeattie> jdstrand: sure

 16:58:01 <tyhicks> jdstrand: 'dbus - update aa-logparser, including test' is not likely for Friday, but Tuesday is still a possibility

 16:58:24 <tyhicks> I think everything else is still on track for me

 17:00:28 <jdstrand> I'm not liking how I need to give a status update a week early... I will have to discuss that and/or modify our planning

 17:01:01 <jdstrand> sbeattie: are you on track to be done friday/tuesday?

 17:01:30 <sbeattie> jdstrand: yeah

 17:01:36 <jdstrand> ok cool

 17:02:09 <jdstrand> Does anyone have any other questions or items to discuss?

 17:05:23 <jdstrand> sbeattie, tyhicks, jjohansen, sarnold, chrisccoulson: thanks!

 17:05:25 <jdstrand> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)