== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 05 Jun at 15:03 &mdash; 15:52 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2013/ubuntu-meeting.2013-06-05-15.03.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== lightning round ===
The discussion about "lightning round" started at 15:05.


=== Bugs ===
The discussion about "Bugs" started at 15:28.


=== Ubuntu Touch saucy dogfooding ===
The discussion about "Ubuntu Touch saucy dogfooding" started at 15:39.

  * ''LINK:'' http://cdimages.ubuntu.com/ubuntu-touch/daily-preinstalled/20130605.1/ 

=== AOB ===
The discussion about "AOB" started at 15:44.




== Vote results ==




== Action items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * slangasek (77)
 * ev (72)
 * stgraber (35)
 * xnox (24)
 * bdmurray (22)
 * cjwatson (21)
 * jodh (15)
 * ubottu (8)
 * barry (7)
 * doko (7)
 * infinity (6)
 * meetingology (3)
 * ogra (2)



== Full Log ==


 15:03 <slangasek> #startmeeting

 15:03 <meetingology> Meeting started Wed Jun  5 15:03:37 2013 UTC.  The chair is slangasek. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 15:03 <meetingology> 

 15:03 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 15:05 <slangasek> [TOPIC] lightning round

 15:05 <slangasek> $ echo $(shuf -e barry doko stgraber jodh ev bdmurray slangasek cjwatson xnox stokachu)

 15:05 <slangasek> cjwatson xnox barry stokachu jodh doko ev stgraber slangasek bdmurray

 15:05 * slangasek waves the starting flag

 15:05 <ev> phew

 15:05 <cjwatson> Investigation of delta updates for click packages.  Playing with debdelta, which looks promising, including working on a Python 3 port.

 15:05 <cjwatson> Refactored click-package into the pattern of a single master command with subcommands (will land shortly).

 15:05 <cjwatson> Lots of merges/syncs, including giant debhelper merge.  automake1.13 was some fun due to a buildd still running ext3.  Helped to fix firefox on powerpc.

 15:05 <cjwatson> Finished several transitions (ghc, libgd, net-snmp, bits of ocaml).

 15:05 <cjwatson> Sorted out some confusion with ubuntu-touch-meta.

 15:05 <cjwatson> Several Debian NMUs / QA uploads to try to reduce deltas when I'm bored of merging things.

 15:05 <cjwatson> Proposed Debconf BOF on Ubuntu daily quality and how it overlaps with Debian's CUT project.

 15:05 <cjwatson> Next week: really, really get autopkgtest/proposed-migration integration going.

 15:05 <cjwatson> ..

 15:06 <cjwatson> (and by "promising" I think I mean "makes my eyes bleed but seems to fill the right slot")

 15:07 <xnox> please skip me. not ready yet.

 15:07 <barry> LP: #1185170, python-gnupg 0.3.3-0ubuntu1 and 0.3.4-0ubuntu1

 15:07 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1185170 in python-json-pointer (Ubuntu) "setup.py stumbles about an umlaut in jsonpointer.py when running under Python 3" [Undecided,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1185170

 15:07 <barry> dmb meeting

 15:08 <barry> emacs 24.3 upgrade (yay! but it broke a few minor things that had to be tracked down)

 15:08 <barry> image based upgrades: gpg regime (blacklists, api refactoring, keyring download/verification/unpacking)  lp:~barry/+junk/gpg for now

 15:08 <barry> todo: continue working on the gpg spec

 15:08 <barry> done

 15:08 <xnox> barry: sorry barry about emacs =)

 15:08 <barry> xnox: no, no, no... *thank* you.  the upgrade fixed more bugs than it caused :)

 15:10 <slangasek> no stokachu today (at a sprint AIUI)

 15:10 <slangasek> jodh:

 15:10 <jodh> * foundations-1305-upstart-app-launching

 15:10 <jodh> - Reworked lp:~jamesodhunt/upstart/libupstart to use an unpacked

 15:10 <jodh> ABI dump.

 15:10 <jodh> - Lots of rework on lp:~jamesodhunt/upstart/allow-multiple-cmdline-confdirs

 15:10 <jodh> to improve test code-sharing and make writing new functional tests easier.

 15:10 <jodh> - Raised MP for lp:~jamesodhunt/upstart/bug-1159895.

 15:10 <jodh> * misc:

 15:10 <jodh> - LPC13 planning.

 15:10 <jodh> * TODO:

 15:10 <jodh> - Ideally get lp:~jamesodhunt/upstart/serialise-remaining-objects merged

 15:10 <jodh> upstream today.

 15:11 <jodh> - Go on holiday (from tomorrow, back on 20th).

 15:11 <jodh> ʚ

 15:11 <doko> - android cross toolchain uploaded to PPA

 15:11 <doko> - GCC 4.8.1 update, now updating cross compilers

 15:11 <doko> - Mon and Tue two days off

 15:11 <doko> (done)

 15:12 <slangasek> ev:

 15:12 <ev> drats

 15:12 <ev> - https://wiki.canonical.com/Cassandra

 15:12 <ev> - Rewrote and sent the announce email for the errors.ubuntu.com NDA:

 15:12 <ev> https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-devel-announce/2013-May/001039.html

 15:12 <ev> - Processing quite a few NDA signatures :).

 15:12 <ev> - Investigated and resolved a problem where the NDA signature team couldn't

 15:12 <ev> access errors.ubuntu.com - we accidentally dropped a cowboy.

 15:12 <ev> - Attended a Cassandra meetup. Trip report here:

 15:12 <ev> https://lists.launchpad.net/canonical-tech/msg06936.html

 15:12 <slangasek> doko: do you know if ogra (or anyone) has started using the cross-toolchain yet?  I think he might be busy still with other pieces of the puzzle

 15:12 <ev> - Worked with webops to get OOPS reporting to oops.canonical.com after many

 15:12 <ev> configuration headaches:

 15:12 <ev> https://oops.canonical.com/reports/WHOOPSIE-PROD/

 15:12 <ev> This means we no longer get 404s on some reports, and can scale to N wsgi

 15:12 <ev> workers without having OOPS reports in N places.

 15:12 <ev> - Debugging why we were getting authentication failures to Swift when

 15:12 <ev> submitting core dumps with the webops team. It looks like RED kicked in

 15:12 <ev> because we are so behind on processing retraces (it fires on high disk usage)

 15:12 <ev> and that somehow caused the auth failures further down the chain. Still

 15:12 <ev> looking into this one.

 15:12 <ev> - Code review for Brian.

 15:12 <ev> - Got webops to start graphing the time to process HTTP requests on

 15:12 <ev> daisy.ubuntu.com after discussions with Tom. We want to be able to measure

 15:12 <ev> the performance impact with the move to Ceph, which this should let us do

 15:12 <ev> quite well.

 15:12 <ogra> slangasek, i'm to busy with the container flip still

 15:13 <ev> - Debugging why the back population jobs were falling over. This turns out to

 15:13 <ev> be HAProxy being a very bad idea when using pycassa:

 15:13 <ev> https://rt.admin.canonical.com/Ticket/Display.html?id=62023

 15:13 <ev> - Working with webops to get a test Cassandra node provisioned to try

 15:13 <ev> compression again, given learnings from the Cassandra meetup:

 15:13 <ev> https://rt.admin.canonical.com/Ticket/Display.html?id=61877

 15:13 <ev> - Added code to provide OOPS reports on javascript exceptions in

 15:13 <ev> errors.ubuntu.com.

 15:13 <slangasek> ogra: ok :)

 15:13 <ev> - Improved our OOPS reporting on errors in JSON API calls. We now include the

 15:13 <ev> traceback for those.

 15:13 <ev> - Discussion with Katherine on how we can provide people like Kees access to

 15:13 <ev> the error data for investigating security vulnerabilities.

 15:13 <ev> - Added RED support to the prodstack version of lp:daisy. Broken and in turn

 15:13 <ev> preventing merges from landing; investigating.

 15:13 <ev> - Working with Ted to get them using recoverable problems for glib critical

 15:13 <ev> errors.

 15:13 <ogra> slangasek, i plan to try it out for the updater-binary (most important bit for zip creation) before end of the week

 15:13 <ev> - More chatting with the server team on getting error reporting up and running.

 15:13 <ev> Sounds like a d-i module for automatic error reporting and something in motd

 15:13 <ev> to point at outstanding reports are good places to start, and I think we have

 15:13 <ev> consensus. Next step will be talking with the juju team to see how we can

 15:13 <ev> make it easy to enable from there.

 15:13 <ev> - Added metrics to support monitoring usage of errors.ubuntu.com, as laid out

 15:13 <ev> in the NDA.

 15:13 <slangasek> ogra: great!

 15:13 <ev> More, I'm sure, but I ran out of time typing :)

 15:13 <ev> (done!)

 15:13 <doko> slangasek, no, will ask

 15:14 <doko> ahh ...

 15:14 <slangasek> ev: getting any NDA requests from people who shouldn't be given access to the data? :P

 15:14 <ev> slangasek: there's been at least two people who tried to provide an incomplete or nonexistent address. Just a reminder folks, "The Internet" is not a place we can send snail mail to.

 15:14 <ev> I've followed up and convinced them to do the right thing.

 15:15 <slangasek> pff, snail mail

 15:15 <ev> but there haven't been people who claimed to be part of some nonexistent project yet

 15:15 <ev> it's mostly been names I recognise

 15:15 <ev> and some Canonical people (I'm adding them in, in case they ever jump ship and still want access)

 15:15 <stgraber> Blueprint-related work:

 15:15 <stgraber> - Image based updates (BLUEPRINT: foundations-1305-image-based-updates)

 15:15 <stgraber> - Waiting on review of the GPG implementation plan, need to get the keys generated and signed after that.

 15:15 <stgraber> - Waiting for IS to setup the image based update server.

 15:15 <stgraber> - Update the differ to be pure python. We no longer need to unpack the tarballs for the checksuming part.

 15:15 <stgraber> - Rebuild the test server (http://phablet.stgraber.org) to match the current version of the spec. Includes all the needed keyrings and real test tarballs.

 15:16 <stgraber> - Added a new function, generate_version_tarball, which generates our version tarball (containing /etc/ubuntu-build)

 15:16 <stgraber> - The testsuite now covers all the server side code.

 15:16 <stgraber> Other work:

 15:16 <stgraber> - release/cdimage

 15:16 <stgraber> - Quick production update of the QATracker (css update by knome)

 15:16 <stgraber> - Wrote a script to extract flavours participating in the current milestone (to be integrated in seeded-in-ubuntu)

 15:16 <stgraber> - Fixed broken (outdated) invoked-rc.d in ubuntu-release-upgrader

 15:16 <stgraber> - Ubuntu touch

 15:16 <stgraber> - Tweaked adbd to use nss to find what shell to use

 15:16 <ev> slangasek: I'm going to do a few drives for people to fill it out though. This isn't going to be a throw the mail over the wall and be done with it thing.

 15:16 <stgraber> - Discussed the partitioning plan and fs layout for touch devices.

 15:16 <stgraber> - Upstart

 15:16 <stgraber> - Looked at and commented on a few merge proposals.

 15:16 <stgraber> - Discussed SRU plan for the serialization work.

 15:16 <stgraber> - Wrote upstart user session jobs for startkde, xfce4-session and startlxde

 15:16 <stgraber> - Tested upstart user session on Kubuntu, Xubuntu, Lubuntu, Ubuntu Studio, Ubuntu GNOME and Edubuntu

 15:16 <stgraber> - The plan is to switch all those sessions to run under upstart in a couple of weeks

 15:16 <slangasek> ev: ah, cool

 15:16 <stgraber> - LXC

 15:16 <stgraber> - Answered some questions from the QA/desktop team on using LXC for their desktop tests

 15:16 <stgraber> - Some more autostart discussions upstream, I think we have a plan now, just need to implement it

 15:16 <stgraber> - Some code reviews

 15:16 <stgraber> 

 15:16 <stgraber> TODO:

 15:17 <stgraber> - Finish self-rebuilds feature implementation on nusakan

 15:17 <stgraber> - Implement some of the remaining bits for the image based update server tools

 15:17 <slangasek> ev: if you're doing drives for legal documents, you could get them to sign the CLA too while they're at it ;)

 15:17 <stgraber> - Process some pending merges (ifupdown and resolvconf)

 15:17 <stgraber> (DONE)

 15:17 <slangasek> stgraber: image-based update server - AIUI from the ticket (and my sync call with IS), this ticket has been dispatched to the DC engineer and we should see some movement soon

 15:17 <ev> slangasek: how far up the hill do you want me to push that boulder then?

 15:18 <stgraber> slangasek: yep, I got pinged by deej yesterday, looks like we've got hardware, just need to have it setup

 15:18 <slangasek> ev: :)

 15:18 <ev> :D

 15:19 <slangasek> * in a long-running battle with bug #1152736

 15:19 <slangasek> * worked with stgraber to validate, upload nfs-utils merge; seem to have gotten myself comaintainer status in Debian as an unfortunate side-effect

 15:19 <ubottu> bug 1152736 in linux (Ubuntu Saucy) "system swapping itself to death in raring for no good reason" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1152736

 15:19 <slangasek> * working with the phonedations team on the ubuntu-touch container flip:

 15:19 <slangasek> * current model is using chrooting under userdata partition, not the read-only system partiton; would like to fix this, aiming to have the system as pure Ubuntu as possible

 15:19 <slangasek> * questions about whether udev or ueventd should own the firmware loading

 15:20 <slangasek> * Code review of lp:~jamesodhunt/upstart/serialise-remaining-objects

 15:20 <slangasek> * discussions with PES about arm64 bring-up; we should be close now to being able to bring the emulated buildds online

 15:20 <slangasek> * LPC travel sorted out

 15:20 <slangasek> (done)

 15:20 <cjwatson> slangasek: [fx: anxious noises wanting to play with the emulator]

 15:20 <slangasek> cjwatson: heh

 15:20 <doko> phonedation?

 15:20 <bdmurray> submitted apport bug LP: #1185515 regaring duplicate signature for apport-package bugs

 15:20 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1185515 in apport (Ubuntu Raring) "SRU of updated apport-package duplicate signature calculation" [Medium,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1185515

 15:20 <bdmurray> uploaded P, Q and R SRUs for bug 1185515

 15:20 <bdmurray> P, Q, R SRU verification of bug 1185515

 15:20 <bdmurray> created a tool for checking for error buckets for duplicates of a launchpad bug

 15:20 <bdmurray> investigation into errors bug 1186215

 15:21 <ubottu> bug 1186215 in Errors "Timed out while loading subscriptions for most-common-problems" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1186215

 15:21 <slangasek> doko: the Phone Foundations team, AKA fōndations

 15:21 <bdmurray> review of phased-updates report

 15:21 <bdmurray> submitted merge proposal for errors version table sorting issue

 15:21 <bdmurray> reported bug 1186376 regarding software-properties UI for phased updates options

 15:21 <ubottu> bug 1186376 in software-properties (Ubuntu) "should support setting of whether or not to include phased updates" [Medium,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1186376

 15:21 <bdmurray> searched for pyc corruption bugs with error message in DpkgTerminalLog (e.g. apport-package crashes)

 15:21 <xnox> doko: ogra's team.

 15:21 <bdmurray> research into bug LP: #1175637

 15:21 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1175637 in unattended-upgrades (Ubuntu) "Kernel updates are being marked as manually installed" [Undecided,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1175637

 15:21 <bdmurray> tested ubuntu-release-upgrader bug LP: #1181470

 15:21 <bdmurray> modified sru-review to reject packages too

 15:21 <bdmurray> emailed xubuntu-devel regarding update-notifier and auto-launch

 15:21 <bdmurray> removed update-notifier's support for choosing not to auto-launch applications

 15:21 <cjwatson> f

 15:21 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1181470 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu) "deb-src repositories are not disabled for unknown distributions" [Low,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1181470

 15:21 <cjwatson> oops

 15:21 <bdmurray> merge, uploaded my changes to update-notifier that create and use upstart user sessions

 15:21 <infinity> slangasek: ditto on emulator anxiety. :P

 15:21 <bdmurray> patch piloting

 15:21 <cjwatson> was attempting to type fóndations to see if I prefer that spelling

 15:21 <bdmurray> ✔ done

 15:21 <xnox> * progressed with most merges (btrfs-tools left from important ones in

 15:21 <xnox> main, atm updating to merged btrfs-tools fails to boot)

 15:21 <xnox> * demoed U1 plugin ubiquity to design/U1 teams over google hangout a

 15:21 <xnox> few issues got raised that I'm filing bugs/fixing. Also

 15:21 <xnox> incompatability between sso/u1 was discovered, thus still no go

 15:21 <xnox> ahead to enable the plugin by default.

 15:22 <xnox> * helping out with automatic-raid preseeding case for UA/PES

 15:22 <xnox> * implemented ubiquity autopilot proof of concept, for QA team source

 15:22 <xnox> writing tests.

 15:22 <xnox> * reviewing upstart serialisation branch, raised a couple of questions

 15:22 <xnox> * boost1.49 demoted to universe & synced (thanks infinity)

 15:22 <xnox> * started looking into trimming gcc-android cross-toolchain (got rid

 15:22 <xnox> of java dependancy already, still to trim more & proposed patches to

 15:22 <xnox> doko)

 15:22 <xnox> * Generated PDFs of some raring sources & binaries, apparently a few

 15:22 <xnox> more needed.

 15:22 <xnox> done

 15:22 <slangasek> infinity, cjwatson: so last I saw, vanhoof was having problems with the git checkout because he couldn't make git ignore ssl certificate verification hard enough.  If either of you have access to calabash, maybe you could help

 15:23 <slangasek> cjwatson: "fóndations": http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KhR4RZMWbxw

 15:23 <cjwatson> I tried, can't get to calabash

 15:23 <ev> hahahahaha. Susan.

 15:23 <cjwatson> slangasek: ha

 15:23 <infinity> I, apparently, have access to calabash.

 15:25 <infinity> slangasek: You have more info on that you want to pass me out of band, or should I just poke vanhoof with "Steve said something cryptic involving calabash and WTFery"?

 15:25 <slangasek> infinity: mail bounced

 15:26 <infinity> Ta.

 15:26 <slangasek> any questions over the above statuseses?

 15:26 <ev> infinity: do you happen to know if we've flipped that magic switch on ddebs?

 15:27 <ev> I'm kind of on the wrong timezone to have regular chats with the launchpad folk

 15:27 <jodh> slangasek: my favourite so far http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zzt2NLU3uSo&list=PLB4CCD4AB5BCBF4E3

 15:27 <slangasek> ddeb magic switch == powerpc cross-retracers

 15:27 <slangasek> you know you want them

 15:27 <slangasek> jodh: :)

 15:28 <slangasek> [TOPIC] Bugs

 15:28 <slangasek> bdmurray: any course corrections for us?

 15:28 <jodh> slangasek: oops should have been http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6usx5vS238Y

 15:28 <slangasek> jodh: oh, heh

 15:29 <bdmurray> I could use some help investigating bug 1175637

 15:29 <ubottu> bug 1175637 in unattended-upgrades (Ubuntu) "Kernel updates are being marked as manually installed" [Undecided,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1175637

 15:31 <slangasek> bdmurray: you did that on a precise system with all package-manager-related SRUs up to date?

 15:31 <slangasek> (does unattended-upgrade use aptdaemon or not?)

 15:32 <slangasek> hmm, it doesn't

 15:32 <infinity> ev: Not flipped yet, no.

 15:32 <slangasek> but it is written to python-apt directly

 15:32 <ev> rubbish

 15:32 <bdmurray> slangasek: yes regarding package manager SRUs

 15:32 <ev> thanks though

 15:33 <infinity> ev: Don't make me get elmo in here to dude you.

 15:33 <slangasek> bdmurray: so I think it's probably a straightforward matter of unattended-upgrades not calling the right api to mark packages as auto when pulling them in as new deps

 15:33 <slangasek> not that I know what that api actually is

 15:34 <ev> infinity: I'm so not complaining.

 15:35 <bdmurray> slangasek: okay

 15:35 <cjwatson> mark_install(from_user=False) I think?  But check ...

 15:36 <slangasek> ah, there's a single call to mark_install() in u-a, so that would be nice and convenient if so

 15:36 <slangasek> bdmurray: is that enough to be going on with?

 15:36 <bdmurray> slangasek: yep, just need some more kernel updates ;-)

 15:36 <slangasek> heh

 15:36 <slangasek> or test in a chroot!

 15:37 <cjwatson> you can mark_auto() on single packages too but you probably don't want to

 15:38 <slangasek> right

 15:38 <slangasek> bdmurray: anything else?

 15:39 <bdmurray> slangasek: nope

 15:39 <slangasek> okie

 15:39 <slangasek> [TOPIC] Ubuntu Touch saucy dogfooding

 15:40 <slangasek> so the Phonedations Team and Desktop Team are at the point where they're ready to finally flip all the Touch development to target saucy exclusively

 15:40 <slangasek> (up to this point, some things have been stuck on raring ppas for $reasons)

 15:41 <slangasek> please take some time to test those images out when they become available and help iterate them, so that we can assist in nailing down any regressions as quickly as possible

 15:41 <slangasek> there are several more major shifts in the pipeline, of which this is only the first

 15:41 <cjwatson> I gather this morning's images were busted?

 15:41 <slangasek> I haven't seen

 15:41 <xnox> cjwatson: well, there is a .1 as well already for today.

 15:42 <xnox> http://cdimages.ubuntu.com/ubuntu-touch/daily-preinstalled/20130605.1/

 15:42 <slangasek> not ubuntu-touch, though

 15:42 <slangasek> I'm talking about http://cdimages.ubuntu.com/ubuntu-touch-preview/daily-preinstalled

 15:42 <cjwatson> ah, yes, the jenkins images

 15:42 <slangasek> the /next/ major shift is to get our actual images really and truly built via cdimage infrastructure

 15:43 <slangasek> which I believe will also come with the container flip (to boot to Ubuntu first and run Android in a container, instead of the other way around)

 15:43 <xnox> ok.

 15:43 <slangasek> if you want to help with this, there's ongoing discussion in #ubuntu-touch about how to make this happen

 15:44 <slangasek> </PSA>

 15:44 <slangasek> [TOPIC] AOB

 15:44 <slangasek> anything else?

 15:45 <ev> are the containers flipped?

 15:45 <ev> the spec looks like that's sort of happened, but I haven't updated yet

 15:45 <stgraber> they are in the saucy images, when they boot

 15:45 <slangasek> no

 15:45 <ev> conflict!

 15:46 <slangasek> stgraber: no, the container flip is separate from the move to saucy

 15:46 <slangasek> there will be saucy images, still built in jenkins, ASAP

 15:46 <slangasek> then on top of that, we still need to get the container flip done

 15:46 <cjwatson> I think stgraber means the ubuntu-touch/saucy images

 15:47 <slangasek> yes - the images in /ubuntu-touch/ are still a work in progress; help is welcome, but those are separate from the daily images that everyone will be dogfooding right now

 15:47 <stgraber> ah yeah, sorry for the confusion, I'm only looking at those from /ubuntu-touch

 15:47 <ev> aren't the ubuntu-touch ones the ones I want?

 15:47 <slangasek> this is confusing - I'm hoping we will be able to clearcut this confusion soon :)

 15:47 <slangasek> ev: you probably want the ones that have been on the floor since their creation

 15:48 <slangasek> er, /don't/ :)

 15:48 <ev> ah, probably not :)

 15:48 <slangasek> ev: ubuntu-touch-preview - these are the ones that are built in jenkins, are moving to saucy imminently, still have Android as the root, and phablet-tools will install them

 15:49 <ev> ahhhh

 15:49 <slangasek> ev: ubuntu-touch - these are still a work in progress, built on the livefs builders, will have Ubuntu as the root, and have bugs to be hammered out

 15:49 <ev> right

 15:50 <ev> thanks, that makes much more sense to me now

 15:50 <slangasek> ok :)

 15:52 * xnox vaguely wants to upgrade util-linux & include more namespace patches against shadow

 15:52 <slangasek> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)