== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 29 Oct at 16:00 &mdash; 16:15 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2013/ubuntu-meeting.2013-10-29-16.00.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Review ACTION points from previous meeting ===
The discussion about "Review ACTION points from previous meeting" started at 16:01.


=== T Development Opening ===
The discussion about "T Development Opening" started at 16:01.

  * ''LINK:'' https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-devel/2013-October/037700.html 

=== Cloud Bugs (caribou) ===
The discussion about "Cloud Bugs (caribou)" started at 16:06.


=== Weekly Updates & Questions for the QA Team (psivaa) ===
The discussion about "Weekly Updates & Questions for the QA Team (psivaa)" started at 16:07.


=== Weekly Updates & Questions for the Kernel Team (smb) ===
The discussion about "Weekly Updates & Questions for the Kernel Team (smb)" started at 16:09.


=== Weekly Updates & Questions regarding Ubuntu ARM Server (rbasak) ===
The discussion about "Weekly Updates & Questions regarding Ubuntu ARM Server (rbasak)" started at 16:10.


=== Ubuntu Server Team Events ===
The discussion about "Ubuntu Server Team Events" started at 16:10.


=== Open Discussion ===
The discussion about "Open Discussion" started at 16:12.




== Vote results ==




== Action items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * zul (34)
 * smoser (14)
 * jamespage (6)
 * meetingology (3)
 * hallyn (2)
 * psivaa (2)
 * smb (2)
 * yolanda (1)
 * Daviey (1)
 * adam_g (1)



== Full Log ==


 16:00 <zul> #startmeeting

 16:00 <meetingology> Meeting started Tue Oct 29 16:00:34 2013 UTC.  The chair is zul. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:00 <meetingology> 

 16:00 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 16:00 <zul> hi

 16:00 <adam_g> o/

 16:00 <zul> so welcome lets get this thing started

 16:01 <zul> #topic Review ACTION points from previous meeting

 16:01 <zul> is there anything from the last meeting

 16:01 <zul> i think we might be missing some but...

 16:01 <zul> #topic T Development Opening

 16:02 <zul> jamespage/smoser: do you want to take this one?

 16:02 <smoser> sure.

 16:02 <jamespage> zul, ok

 16:02 <smoser> trusty just opened.

 16:03 <smoser> all good ubuntu developers have already sed -i 's,saucy,trusty,g' /etc/apt/sources.list

 16:03 <zul> like me

 16:03 <smoser> the biggest thing for developmeent of trusty right now is to think about vUDS sessions

 16:03 <smoser> and content for 14.04

 16:03 <smoser> the deadline for sessions is (i think) this friday (link?)

 16:04 <jamespage> yes it is

 16:04 <smoser> the other thing to be thinking about is package merges and syncs.

 16:05 <zul> anything else?

 16:05 <smoser> https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-devel/2013-October/037700.html

 16:05 <smoser> so please take a gander, think of great things to do to make 14.04 LTS outstanding for 5 years to come

 16:05 <smoser> and if you have questions please feel free to ping myself or jamespage or any of the ubuntu server team.

 16:05 <smoser> EOM

 16:06 <zul> cool!

 16:06 <zul> #topic Cloud Bugs (caribou)

 16:06 <zul> hi caribou are you around?

 16:07 <zul> we can come back to him later

 16:07 <zul> #topic Weekly Updates & Questions for the QA Team (psivaa)

 16:07 <zul> hi psivaa

 16:08 <zul> are you around?

 16:08 <psivaa> hello, nothing much from us apart from the fact we have one trusty image yet

 16:08 <psivaa> s /one/only one/

 16:08 <zul> cool any questions for psivaa

 16:09 <zul> #topic Weekly Updates & Questions for the Kernel Team (smb)

 16:09 <smb> Erm, hi. Nothing to see, we can move on. :)

 16:09 <zul> hi smb i know you are around

 16:09 <zul> *sigh*

 16:09 <zul> any questions for smb

 16:10 <zul> #topic Weekly Updates & Questions regarding Ubuntu ARM Server (rbasak)

 16:10 <smoser> random bit of information: kernel for 14.04 will be 3.13.

 16:10 <zul> i think rbasak is at lianro so we can skip that part as well

 16:10 <zul> #topic Ubuntu Server Team Events

 16:10 <zul> lets see whats next week oh yes ODS in hong kong...who is going?

 16:10 <zul> besides myself

 16:11 <smb> Sound of silence

 16:11 <hallyn> think adam_g was going

 16:11 <yolanda> i'm ready for HK!

 16:12 <Daviey> o/

 16:12 <jamespage> o/

 16:12 <smoser> o/

 16:12 <zul> coolio

 16:12 <zul> #topic Open Discussion

 16:12 <zul> anything to bring up?

 16:13 <zul> if not can I make a suggestion that next week we skip the server team meeting since alot of people are going to be in hong kong next week?

 16:14 <hallyn> +1

 16:14 <smoser> +1

 16:15 <jamespage> +1

 16:15 <jamespage> I would not even know what time to turn up

 16:15 <zul> ok then ill update the schedule

 16:15 <zul> thanks for comming

 16:15 <jamespage> ta

 16:15 <zul> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)