== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 07 Oct at 16:33 &mdash; 16:56 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2013/ubuntu-meeting.2013-10-07-16.33.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting 
=== Announcements ===
The discussion about "Announcements" started at 16:34.


=== Weekly stand-up report ===
The discussion about "Weekly stand-up report" started at 16:34.


=== Highlighted packages ===
The discussion about "Highlighted packages" started at 16:49.

  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/pyfribidi.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/prewikka.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/phpldapadmin.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/openarena.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/libapache2-mod-auth-openid.html 

=== Miscellaneous and Questions ===
The discussion about "Miscellaneous and Questions" started at 16:49.




== Vote results ==




== Action items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * jdstrand (41)
 * tyhicks (12)
 * chrisccoulson (8)
 * mdeslaur (7)
 * sbeattie (7)
 * meetingology (3)
 * sarnold (2)



== Full Log ==


 16:33 <jdstrand> #startmeeting

 16:33 <meetingology> Meeting started Mon Oct  7 16:33:43 2013 UTC.  The chair is jdstrand. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:33 <meetingology> 

 16:33 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 16:33 <jdstrand> The meeting agenda can be found at:

 16:33 <jdstrand> [LINK] https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting

 16:34 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Announcements

 16:34 <jdstrand> Thanks to Scott Kitterman (ScottK) who provided debdiffs for libkdcraw for quantal and raring. Your work is very much appreciated and will keep Ubuntu users secure. Great job! :)

 16:34 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Weekly stand-up report

 16:34 <jdstrand> I'll go first

 16:34 <jdstrand> I'm on triage this week

 16:34 <jdstrand> I'm also coordinating landings for kernel, apparmor, apparmor-easyprof-ubuntu, dbus, et al

 16:34 <jdstrand> (which includes testing)

 16:35 <jdstrand> I need to followup on various application-confinement bugs

 16:35 <jdstrand> and should get back to some updates this week

 16:35 <jdstrand> mdeslaur: you're up

 16:35 <mdeslaur> I'm on community this week

 16:35 <mdeslaur> and am going down the CVE list, as usual

 16:36 <mdeslaur> On Friday, I'm patch piloting

 16:36 <mdeslaur> that's about it

 16:36 <mdeslaur> sbeattie: you're up

 16:36 <sbeattie> I'm on apparmor again this week

 16:36 <sbeattie> I'm currently trying to fight off a cold and not having a working broadband line

 16:37 <sbeattie> For apparmor, I'm again trying to focus on getting work off of jjohansen's plate

 16:37 <sbeattie> that's pretty much it for me.

 16:37 <sbeattie> tyhicks: tag

 16:37 <tyhicks> I'm focusing on apparmor as well

 16:37 <tyhicks> I'm finishing up testing for pending apparmor, dbus, and evince uploads

 16:38 <tyhicks> well, apparmor is the only one that still has testing to do

 16:38 <tyhicks> after that, I'll switch to either helping with IPC or getting familiar with the kdbus code

 16:38 <jdstrand> tyhicks, jjohansen: how different is the kernel that we gave to the kernel team today vs the one I was testing last week?

 16:38 <tyhicks> I have a short week this week - off on Friday

 16:39 <tyhicks> I haven't been making kernel changes

 16:39 * tyhicks defers to jjohansen

 16:40 <jdstrand> oh, I think jjohansen may not be here now

 16:40 <jdstrand> sarnold: you're up

 16:40 <tyhicks> well the thought was that the changes wouldn't affect policy at all

 16:41 <tyhicks> so if your focus was on testing userspace, then the new kernel shouldn't affect that

 16:41 <jdstrand> tyhicks: right, I was wondering not from a policy standpoint, but from a testing standpoint, the kernel team suggested it was quite a bit bigger

 16:41 <tyhicks> I glanced at the patches last night, but don't know/remember enough to comment on their size

 16:42 <jdstrand> tyhicks: so I don't want for you to redo all your tests, I just want to make sure we feel good about that kernel

 16:42 <tyhicks> I think there were two small ones (a couple lines each) and one larger one

 16:42 <tyhicks> jdstrand: ack - that's my thinking, as well

 16:43 <sarnold> I'm in the happy place this week, still doing MIR audits; I expect to finish Mir today and start on opus or open-vm-tools. So far Mir is looking pretty good. :)

 16:43 <mdeslaur> cool

 16:43 <sarnold> I think that's it for me, chrisccoulson?

 16:44 <chrisccoulson> hi :)

 16:44 <chrisccoulson> that's easy for me - I'm continuing to work on my actions for oxide

 16:44 <chrisccoulson> there was a chromium release last week. hopefully we'll be updating it this week ;)

 16:45 <mdeslaur> heh :)

 16:45 <chrisccoulson> i think that's it for me :)

 16:45 <jdstrand> chrisccoulson: the oxide actions are finishing out the testsuite?

 16:45 <chrisccoulson> oh, and i will finally publish a blog post about oxide (i've been working on it again this afternoon)

 16:45 <jdstrand> then moving on to the other work items?

 16:45 <jdstrand> nice

 16:46 <chrisccoulson> jdstrand, i've got quite a lot of tests done now. there's still more i can add, but i'm going to do that alongside my other actions

 16:46 <jdstrand> chrisccoulson: oh, nice :)

 16:46 <chrisccoulson> it can get tedious when just working on tests, so i'm going to do other stuff in parallel now

 16:46 <chrisccoulson> it's in pretty good shape

 16:46 <jdstrand> sbeattie: I meant to ask-- specifics on taking stuff off jj's plate> IPC and tests?

 16:46 <jdstrand> chrisccoulson: yeah, sounds fine, thanks!

 16:46 <sbeattie> jdstrand: yeah

 16:47 <jdstrand> sbeattie: I don't know how much jjohansen was able to look at the larger IPC (cause of the kernel updates for saucy)

 16:48 <jdstrand> sbeattie: can you comment on if we are still on track for the larger IPC patches to come soonish after 13.10?

 16:48 <jdstrand> sbeattie: if not, I'll ask jjohansen when he is back

 16:48 <sbeattie> jdstrand: jjohansen has the better grasp of that, I think.

 16:49 <jdstrand> ok,sure

 16:49 <jdstrand> sbeattie: thanks

 16:49 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Highlighted packages

 16:49 <jdstrand> The Ubuntu Security team will highlight some community-supported packages that might be good candidates for updating and or triaging. If you would like to help Ubuntu and not sure where to start, this is a great way to do so.

 16:49 <jdstrand> See https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/UpdateProcedures for details and if you have any questions, feel free to ask in #ubuntu-security. To find out other ways of helping out, please see https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/GettingInvolved.

 16:49 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/pyfribidi.html

 16:49 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/prewikka.html

 16:49 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/phpldapadmin.html

 16:49 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/openarena.html

 16:49 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/libapache2-mod-auth-openid.html

 16:49 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Miscellaneous and Questions

 16:49 <jdstrand> Does anyone have any other questions or items to discuss?

 16:56 <jdstrand> mdeslaur, sbeattie, tyhicks, sarnold, chrisccoulson: thanks!

 16:56 <jdstrand> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)