== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting: Ubuntu Community Council meeting, 05 Dec at 17:00 &mdash; 17:18 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2013/ubuntu-meeting.2013-12-05-17.00.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/CommunityCouncilAgenda looks like we have nothing on our agenda
''LINK:'' http://paste.ubuntu.com/6525665/ 
''LINK:'' http://paste.ubuntu.com/6525675/ 



== Vote results ==




== Action items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * dholbach (34)
 * pleia2 (19)
 * elfy (10)
 * mhall119 (7)
 * meetingology (3)



== Full Log ==


 17:00 <dholbach> #startmeeting Ubuntu Community Council meeting

 17:00 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Dec  5 17:00:50 2013 UTC.  The chair is dholbach. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 17:00 <meetingology> 

 17:00 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 17:01 <dholbach> https://wiki.ubuntu.com/CommunityCouncilAgenda looks like we have nothing on our agenda

 17:01 <dholbach> and I'm not sure we have set up a schedule to meet up with teams/boards/councils for the T cycle yet

 17:02 <dholbach> let me check my inbox to see if I missed something

 17:02 <dholbach> does anyone have any agenda items or things you wanted to bring up with the CC?

 17:02 * pleia2 waves

 17:02 <dholbach> hi pleia2

 17:02 <elfy> hi pleia2

 17:03 <dholbach> the only thing I know which needs attention is https://launchpad.net/~communitycouncil not being updated yet - I pinged Mark about it

 17:03 <pleia2> yeah, we've done a pretty good job of cleaning up our todo list

 17:03 <mhall119> o/

 17:03 <pleia2> might want to add the teams/boards/councils schedule item to trello

 17:03 <mhall119> dholbach: is there anything for the CC to do for the upcoming community events?

 17:04 <pleia2> dholbach: thanks for committing those planet changes

 17:04 <dholbach> mhall119, individual members are going to be involved, but not for the CC AFAICS

 17:05 <dholbach> we could probably wait another 5 minutes to see if anyone has any agenda items and I could put together a proposal for meeting up with teams/boards/councils

 17:05 <dholbach> and we have a look at it together

 17:05 <pleia2> sure

 17:09 <dholbach> pleia2, mhall119, elfy: http://paste.ubuntu.com/6525659/

 17:09 <dholbach> do you see if I missed anyone we normally met up with?

 17:09 <dholbach> I'm going to double-check I actually picked the right dates

 17:09 <pleia2> dholbach: I don't think we'll have a TB within 2 weeks

 17:09 <pleia2> maybe swap that spot with DMB

 17:09 <elfy> pleia2: agreed

 17:09 <dholbach> pleia2, good point - will do

 17:10 <dholbach> I left a break for christmas/new years

 17:10 * pleia2 nods

 17:10 <dholbach> http://paste.ubuntu.com/6525665/

 17:10 <elfy> from what I remember of past agendas that's them all

 17:10 <pleia2> dholbach: I really like the translations team, but they are twice :)

 17:10 <elfy> lol

 17:11 <dholbach> hah, I know why

 17:11 <dholbach> I copied from the wiki and they couldn't make one of the meetings :-)

 17:11 <pleia2> hehe

 17:11 <pleia2> I think it's good

 17:11 <elfy> dholbach: is anyone likely to be about to do the LoCo the day before we release trsuty?

 17:12 <pleia2> oh, do we want to do a check in with the QA team at all? they've grown a lot

 17:12 <dholbach> http://paste.ubuntu.com/6525675/

 17:12 <dholbach> good point

 17:12 <dholbach> will add them

 17:13 <pleia2> elfy: it'll be hard for most teams, but loco council shouldn't have *that* much to do, relative to others

 17:13 <dholbach> elfy, hm, not sure... it might be a quick meeting with the LoCo council, the day before release

 17:13 <dholbach> QA folks added: http://paste.ubuntu.com/6525678/

 17:13 <pleia2> actually, doc team should be pretty quiet day before release

 17:13 <dholbach> (and some dates fixed)

 17:13 <elfy> dholbach: maybe move them - I'd imagine the loco team could be busy

 17:14 <pleia2> maybe do Lo``Co Council & QA team, bump Doc down to day before release

 17:14 * mhall119 feels like he's not contributing much to this

 17:14 <elfy> pleia2 took the words out of my mouth

 17:14 <dholbach> done: http://paste.ubuntu.com/6525687/

 17:14 <dholbach> hum, now I moved the DAT and IRC folks

 17:14 <mhall119> dholbach: maybe next time we should use etherpad, rather than abusing paste.u.c

 17:14 <dholbach> would that be all right too?

 17:14 <elfy> that looks ok to me

 17:15 <dholbach> mhall119, yeah, I don't know why I picked paste.u.c

 17:15 <pleia2> looks good

 17:15 * mhall119 is happy with it

 17:16 <dholbach> I think Laura took an action to mail the teams - I'll have a chat with her tomorrow, and if not I'm sure we'll find somebody who can mail the teams

 17:16 <pleia2> great

 17:16 <dholbach> thanks a bunch, that was quick :)

 17:16 <elfy> :)

 17:16 <dholbach> does anybody have any other agenda items?

 17:17 <pleia2> nope, time to make coffee

 17:17 <mhall119> not me

 17:17 <elfy> nothing here

 17:17 <mhall119> time to finish coffee

 17:18 <dholbach> perfect

 17:18 <pleia2> thanks for chairing, dholbach :)

 17:18 <dholbach> thanks a bunch everyone!

 17:18 <dholbach> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)