#title #ubuntu-meeting Meeting

Meeting started by jdstrand at 18:02:18 UTC.  The full logs are
available at
http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2013/ubuntu-meeting.2013-02-25-18.02.log.html
.



== Meeting summary ==

''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting   (jdstrand, 18:02:21)
 *Weekly stand-up report

 *Highlighted packages
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/xine-ui.html   (jdstrand, 18:14:41)
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/ccid.html   (jdstrand, 18:14:44)
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/dracut.html   (jdstrand, 18:14:47)
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/exif.html   (jdstrand, 18:14:51)
''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/sanlock.html   (jdstrand, 18:14:54)

 *Miscellaneous and Questions



Meeting ended at 18:18:33 UTC.



== Votes ==




== Action items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * jdstrand (24)
 * mdeslaur (8)
 * tyhicks (7)
 * sarnold (5)
 * meetingology (3)
 * sbeattie (3)
 * jjohansen (3)



== Full Log ==


 18:02:18 <jdstrand> #startmeeting

 18:02:18 <meetingology> Meeting started Mon Feb 25 18:02:18 2013 UTC.  The chair is jdstrand. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 18:02:18 <meetingology> 

 18:02:18 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 18:02:21 <jdstrand> The meeting agenda can be found at:

 18:02:21 <jdstrand> [LINK] https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting

 18:02:26 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Weekly stand-up report

 18:02:30 <jdstrand> I'll go first

 18:02:43 <jdstrand> I hope to push thunderbird out today

 18:03:12 <jdstrand> there is a firefox regression so might have that to do this week and chromium-browser needs an update, so will be following up with chad on that

 18:03:27 <jdstrand> I plan to go through our blueprints this week too

 18:03:32 <jdstrand> mdeslaur: you're up

 18:03:46 <mdeslaur> I'm on community this week

 18:03:52 <mdeslaur> and am working on some updates

 18:03:59 <jdstrand> (oh yes, I am on triage)

 18:04:06 <mdeslaur> I need to take a look at the new touch sdk

 18:04:18 <mdeslaur> and I'll continue going down the updates list

 18:04:26 <mdeslaur> that's it from me...sbeattie, you're up

 18:04:44 <sbeattie> I'm focused again on apparmor this week

 18:05:08 <sbeattie> It'll be more work items for me.

 18:05:17 <sbeattie> Which is pretty much it; tyhicks?

 18:06:19 <tyhicks> I'm working on an embargoed item and then I'm trying to get the apparmor query interface patches to the kernel and libapparmor (which still need a bit of work) out to the mailing list for review

 18:06:26 <tyhicks> Short week for me. Off Thu and Fri.

 18:07:00 <tyhicks> I also need to get a small stack of eCryptfs kernel fixes sent out in a pull request before we get too late into the merge window

 18:07:05 <tyhicks> That's it for me

 18:07:10 <tyhicks> jjohansen: you're up

 18:08:07 <jjohansen> I am working on fixing an issue with apparmor stacking when the stacked profiles split across different namespaces, and hopefully I'll get back to the socket labeling to integrate and test with the dbus patches

 18:08:42 <jjohansen> thats it for me, sarnold you are up

 18:09:20 <sarnold> I'm in the happy place this week, though the term is relative as I'm still working on jj's patch 19 (rcu)

 18:09:52 <sarnold> I'm roughly 50% of the way through the text of the patch, so hopefully that means the end is in sight :D

 18:10:17 <sarnold> that's it for me, back to jdstrand :)

 18:10:24 <mdeslaur> sarnold: let me know when you're done, I'd like you to look at the python-django CVEs

 18:10:39 <jdstrand> tyhicks (and/or jjohansen): will you be uploading a raring kernel to the dbus ppa soon?

 18:10:54 <tyhicks> jdstrand: I will

 18:10:57 <mdeslaur> sarnold: if you run out of things to review before the end of the week

 18:11:02 <tyhicks> I'll work on that in the background today

 18:11:11 <jdstrand> tyhicks: thanks

 18:11:12 <sarnold> mdeslaur: aha, you anticipated my question well :D

 18:11:32 <mdeslaur> hehe

 18:13:16 * jjohansen laughs at sarnold's hopefully there's an end in sight. Noting that he is on 19 and the queue is well past 50

 18:14:06 <sarnold> I picked a bad day to stop huffing glue

 18:14:21 <jdstrand> on that note

 18:14:26 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Highlighted packages

 18:14:31 <jdstrand> The Ubuntu Security team will highlight some community-supported packages that might be good candidates for updating and or triaging. If you would like to help Ubuntu and not sure where to start, this is a great way to do so.

 18:14:35 <jdstrand> See https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/UpdateProcedures for details and if you have any questions, feel free to ask in #ubuntu-security. To find out other ways of helping out, please see https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/GettingInvolved.

 18:14:41 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/xine-ui.html

 18:14:44 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/ccid.html

 18:14:47 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/dracut.html

 18:14:51 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/exif.html

 18:14:54 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/sanlock.html

 18:15:04 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Miscellaneous and Questions

 18:15:08 <jdstrand> Does anyone have any other questions or items to discuss?

 18:18:33 <jdstrand> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)