#title #ubuntu-meeting: Forum Council monthly meeting

Meeting started by elfy at 19:12:12 UTC.  The full logs are available at
http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2013/ubuntu-meeting.2013-02-10-19.12.log.html
.



== Meeting summary ==

 *minimal staff requirements

 *FC meeting
  *minimal staff requirements  (elfy, 19:14:42)
  *Place for users to discuss Agenda Items  (elfy, 19:19:13)
  *Username Changes  (elfy, 19:27:10)
  *Discussion on #ubuntuforums IRC channel moderation  (elfy, 19:42:08)
  *Referral links on ubuntuforums  (elfy, 19:48:20)
''LINK:'' https://one.ubuntu.com/help/faq/referral-program-terms/ - quite clearly family and friends so I don't think a precedent for forum.  (coffeecat, 19:56:31)
  *Forum Upgrade  (elfy, 20:02:50)



Meeting ended at 20:24:45 UTC.



== Votes ==


 * Referral links - table for further discussion
   For: 4 Against: 0 Abstained: 0

 * Approach IS to upgrade live forum on 28 Feb - starting aty 08:00UTC
   For: 4 Against: 0 Abstained: 0

 * Accept the minimal staff requirements as discussed in forum
   For: 4 Against: 0 Abstained: 0

 * Create stuck index in FFH then create threads as required for forum users to discuss items
   For: 4 Against: 0 Abstained: 0

 * Relax username change rule, follow up in the future if necessary
   For: 4 Against: 0 Abstained: 0

 * Leave #ubuntuforums channel moderation for LoT to revisit if needed
   For: 4 Against: 0 Abstained: 0

 * Upgrade forum to vB4 regardless of small theme/addon issues - further discussion in staff area if needed
   For: 4 Against: 0 Abstained: 0



== Action items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * elfy (126)
 * meetingology (67)
 * coffeecat (59)
 * Iowan (58)
 * cariboo907 (37)
 * jacob (8)



== Full Log ==


 19:12:12 <elfy> #startmeeting Forum Council monthly meeting

 19:12:12 <meetingology> Meeting started Sun Feb 10 19:12:12 2013 UTC.  The chair is elfy. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 19:12:12 <meetingology> 

 19:12:12 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 19:12:27 <elfy> agenda at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ForumCouncilAgenda

 19:12:47 <elfy> #voters Iowan cariboo907 coffeecat elfy

 19:12:47 <meetingology> Current voters: Iowan cariboo907 coffeecat elfy

 19:13:15 <elfy> #topic minimal staff requirements

 19:13:59 <elfy> ok - think that's that done - so minimal staff requirements as per the discussion we've already had

 19:14:20 <elfy> oh hang on :)

 19:14:30 <elfy> #topic FC meeting

 19:14:42 <elfy> #subtopic minimal staff requirements

 19:15:38 <elfy> as far as I'm aware that's been discussed by staff - anyone want to add anything

 19:15:53 <coffeecat> not really.

 19:16:09 <cariboo907> I thinks it's been discussed enough

 19:16:44 <Iowan> I just ran through a quick review

 19:16:47 <coffeecat> I think we just need to vote it to make it "official"

 19:17:10 * elfy too

 19:17:35 <elfy> Iowan: you ok with that?

 19:17:45 <Iowan> ++++

 19:18:13 <Iowan> Just waiting for ely to find the "vote" button.

 19:18:21 <Iowan> *Elfy

 19:18:37 <elfy> #vote Accept the minimal staff requirements as discussed in forum

 19:18:37 <meetingology> Please vote on: Accept the minimal staff requirements as discussed in forum

 19:18:37 <meetingology> Public votes can be registered by saying +1, +0 or -1 in channel, (private votes don't work yet, but when they do it will be by messaging the channel followed by +1/-1/+0 to me)

 19:18:40 <elfy> +1

 19:18:40 <meetingology> +1 received from elfy

 19:18:43 <Iowan> +1

 19:18:43 <meetingology> +1 received from Iowan

 19:18:44 <coffeecat> +1

 19:18:44 <meetingology> +1 received from coffeecat

 19:18:46 <cariboo907> +1

 19:18:46 <meetingology> +1 received from cariboo907

 19:18:53 <elfy> #endvote

 19:18:53 <meetingology> Voting ended on: Accept the minimal staff requirements as discussed in forum

 19:18:53 <meetingology> Votes for:4 Votes against:0 Abstentions:0

 19:18:53 <meetingology> Motion carried

 19:19:13 <elfy> #subtopic Place for users to discuss Agenda Items

 19:19:34 <Iowan> ... gotta go look...

 19:19:52 <elfy> OK - so I'm off the opinion that we should provide a place on forum so users can have somewhere to discuss agenda items

 19:20:28 <coffeecat> Perhaps a single sticky thread for each agenda item in FF&H, but it'll make the sticky area cluttered.

 19:20:32 <cariboo907> +1, as usually all the links are to discussions in SCC

 19:20:36 <elfy> Not sure of the detail - perhaps a stuck thread we can use to index threads in FFH then seperate threads

 19:20:49 <elfy> how about that ^^ coffeecat ?

 19:20:56 <coffeecat> elfy - that's better - 1 sticky linked to discussions threads.

 19:21:23 <elfy> we can then link staff threads and user threads in agenda as well

 19:21:38 <coffeecat> yes - that works for me

 19:21:43 <cariboo907> That's what I 'd like to see

 19:21:52 <elfy> seems logical

 19:22:31 <Iowan> I'm unsure of details- hafta see it, I guess.

 19:22:59 <Iowan> There is link to agenda - should dthat expand?

 19:23:16 <elfy> not sure what you mean Iowan

 19:23:48 <Iowan> Me either... I just noticed link in Ubuntu Community Discussions

 19:23:59 <Iowan> That links to aenda wiki page

 19:24:23 <Iowan> ... but you're talking FF&H link/sticky

 19:24:40 <elfy> oic - no - we'd have a index stuck in FFH - then we can just use normal threads for users to actually discuss agenda items

 19:24:50 <cariboo907> all the links in the agenda lead to SCC, we'd like the forum membership to be able to discuss agenda items

 19:24:56 <elfy> as it is most of the links in agenda are only any good for staff

 19:25:06 <elfy> cariboo907: thanks +1

 19:25:33 <Iowan> FTR, an agenda  discussion area is a good idea

 19:25:40 <elfy> ok

 19:25:50 <elfy> vote then?

 19:25:55 <coffeecat> yes

 19:25:57 <cariboo907> yes

 19:26:00 <Iowan> Yep - details tbd

 19:26:13 <coffeecat> no - we have some details I think ^^^

 19:26:34 <elfy> #vote Create stuck index in FFH then create threads as required for forum users to discuss items

 19:26:34 <meetingology> Please vote on: Create stuck index in FFH then create threads as required for forum users to discuss items

 19:26:34 <meetingology> Public votes can be registered by saying +1, +0 or -1 in channel, (private votes don't work yet, but when they do it will be by messaging the channel followed by +1/-1/+0 to me)

 19:26:36 <Iowan> +1

 19:26:36 <meetingology> +1 received from Iowan

 19:26:39 <cariboo907> +1

 19:26:39 <meetingology> +1 received from cariboo907

 19:26:39 <elfy> +1

 19:26:39 <meetingology> +1 received from elfy

 19:26:41 <coffeecat> +1

 19:26:41 <meetingology> +1 received from coffeecat

 19:26:50 <elfy> #endvote

 19:26:50 <meetingology> Voting ended on: Create stuck index in FFH then create threads as required for forum users to discuss items

 19:26:50 <meetingology> Votes for:4 Votes against:0 Abstentions:0

 19:26:50 <meetingology> Motion carried

 19:27:10 <elfy> #subtopic Username Changes

 19:27:31 <elfy> ok - I propose we formally stop the embargo on username changes

 19:27:40 <elfy> allow one change of they want it

 19:28:00 <elfy> see how it goes - if it's too much - then go back to not doing it

 19:28:24 <Iowan> * with reason

 19:28:49 <elfy> I'd not want to see us changing people more than once - enough reason for me :)

 19:28:51 <coffeecat> Interesting request in RC which Iowan fielded. I agree with what Iowan said. We need to say to these people if we change your username to your real name, you are stuck with it.

 19:28:56 <cariboo907> I don't have a problem with that, just so we don't have some members changing their user name, as often as they change their socks

 19:29:13 <Iowan> (maybe more)

 19:29:28 <elfy> cariboo907: we say at outset we'll not do it

 19:29:46 <cariboo907> I know, this was just FTR :)

 19:29:46 <coffeecat> we could rewrite the sticky.

 19:29:50 <elfy> maybe change CoC

 19:30:00 <elfy> coffeecat: at least that

 19:30:05 <Iowan> I don't necessarily wanna forbid >1 change, but don't wanna advertise it.

 19:30:38 <elfy> I'd rather say 1 now - rather than the piecemeal thing we have at present

 19:31:01 <coffeecat> I agree - 1 change - that's it otherwise some would abuse it.

 19:31:38 <coffeecat> So we could spell out - if you want a trivial change, that's it.

 19:32:19 <elfy> I can agree to that

 19:32:30 <Iowan> As currently, I'd opt for "special cases", but officially ...

 19:32:43 <elfy> this is the problem

 19:32:50 <Iowan> Even first change is subject to a "vanity clause"

 19:33:15 <elfy> as it stands we've got threads where one says yes then 2 days later someone else says no

 19:33:40 <cariboo907> Isn't that what most name changes are  for, vanity?

 19:33:47 <elfy> one change should be enough imo

 19:33:56 <elfy> cariboo907: +1

 19:34:32 <elfy> I can't see any reason for more than one

 19:34:55 <elfy> that's enough to warrant expecting someone else to take time out of their day to do it

 19:36:15 <Iowan> I'm +1 on softening restriction - it's the degree that is in question

 19:37:08 <Iowan> I don't necessarily wanna post a "First namechange free!" announcement, either

 19:37:22 <elfy> well no - neither would I

 19:37:25 <coffeecat> I don't think we have to - simply revamp the sticky

 19:37:58 <Iowan> That part sounds good

 19:38:07 <Iowan> (sneak up on it)

 19:38:17 <coffeecat> And if people ask for trivial change or change to real name, ask: are you absolutely sure? Because when it's done, it's done.

 19:38:28 <elfy> if it becomes too much of a problem - we just go back anyway, I don't think the sticky was the result of anything but a discussion elsewhere

 19:38:29 <cariboo907> especially seeing as most members ignore the stickies :)

 19:38:34 <elfy> lol

 19:38:36 <coffeecat> lol

 19:38:46 <Iowan> stickies? We have stickies?

 19:38:53 * coffeecat votes for post-dated stickies!

 19:38:59 <elfy> :)

 19:40:03 <elfy> so - do we have enough to work with, relax current state of name changes - ensure user knows they've got one bite, change back if it becomes necessary?

 19:40:27 <coffeecat> I think we have enough - draft a sticky and agree text in ml perhaps.

 19:40:27 <Iowan> +1 let's get rules softened - ali'l

 19:40:29 <cariboo907> I'd say yes to that

 19:40:32 <elfy> k

 19:41:33 * Iowan awaits vote

 19:41:37 <elfy> #vote Relax username change rule, follow up in the future if necessary

 19:41:37 <meetingology> Please vote on: Relax username change rule, follow up in the future if necessary

 19:41:37 <meetingology> Public votes can be registered by saying +1, +0 or -1 in channel, (private votes don't work yet, but when they do it will be by messaging the channel followed by +1/-1/+0 to me)

 19:41:41 <elfy> +1

 19:41:41 <meetingology> +1 received from elfy

 19:41:41 <Iowan> +1

 19:41:41 <meetingology> +1 received from Iowan

 19:41:42 <cariboo907> +1

 19:41:42 <meetingology> +1 received from cariboo907

 19:41:43 <coffeecat> +1

 19:41:43 <meetingology> +1 received from coffeecat

 19:41:48 <elfy> #endvote

 19:41:48 <meetingology> Voting ended on: Relax username change rule, follow up in the future if necessary

 19:41:48 <meetingology> Votes for:4 Votes against:0 Abstentions:0

 19:41:48 <meetingology> Motion carried

 19:42:08 <elfy> #subtopic Discussion on #ubuntuforums IRC channel moderation

 19:42:25 <elfy> not sure Lord of Time is here to discuss this

 19:42:50 <cariboo907> I have no opinion on this, as I don't spend enough time on IRC

 19:43:22 <elfy> my opinion is there's not really any need to do anything - the few times it's a problem doesn't warrant any official response in my opinion

 19:43:35 <coffeecat> I get the feeling that there is not much appetite for this beyond encouraging mods to hang out in #ubuntuforums and help if necessary

 19:43:54 <coffeecat> It shouldn't be part of the "official" task

 19:43:56 <coffeecat> imo

 19:44:32 <elfy> agreed

 19:44:58 <Iowan> If necessary, someone (CC?) may need to "hire" IRC moderators - as it isn't REALLY the forum

 19:44:59 <elfy> I'm happy enough to shelve this - if lot want's to follow up he can

 19:45:09 <Iowan> +1

 19:45:09 <coffeecat> +1

 19:45:19 <cariboo907> +1

 19:45:29 <elfy> Iowan: up to a point I agree, the only real issue is we allow a certain amount of 'freeplay' there

 19:45:38 <Iowan> table it!

 19:45:41 <elfy> vote on doing nothing for the time being then :)

 19:45:46 <coffeecat> lol

 19:46:09 <jacob> fwiw, anyone with the ubuntu/member/* mask can op in #ubuntuforums

 19:46:29 <elfy> jacob: thanks

 19:46:35 <elfy> I think lol

 19:46:44 * elfy foresees madness

 19:47:33 <elfy> #vote Leave #ubuntuforums channel moderation for LoT to revisit if needed

 19:47:33 <meetingology> Please vote on: Leave #ubuntuforums channel moderation for LoT to revisit if needed

 19:47:33 <meetingology> Public votes can be registered by saying +1, +0 or -1 in channel, (private votes don't work yet, but when they do it will be by messaging the channel followed by +1/-1/+0 to me)

 19:47:36 <elfy> +1

 19:47:36 <meetingology> +1 received from elfy

 19:47:39 <cariboo907> +1

 19:47:39 <meetingology> +1 received from cariboo907

 19:47:44 <coffeecat> +1

 19:47:44 <meetingology> +1 received from coffeecat

 19:47:52 <Iowan> +1

 19:47:52 <meetingology> +1 received from Iowan

 19:47:58 <elfy> #endvote

 19:47:58 <meetingology> Voting ended on: Leave #ubuntuforums channel moderation for LoT to revisit if needed

 19:47:58 <meetingology> Votes for:4 Votes against:0 Abstentions:0

 19:47:58 <meetingology> Motion carried

 19:48:06 <jacob> (actually, i might be wrong about the ubuntu/member thing, that used to be there, but isn't now)

 19:48:20 <elfy> #subtopic Referral links on ubuntuforums

 19:48:26 <Iowan> sure, NOW you mention it :)

 19:48:27 <elfy> jacob: ok

 19:48:50 <jacob> :D :D :D

 19:49:03 <elfy> coffeecat can lead on this one :)

 19:49:26 <coffeecat> OK - just getting my head round it.

 19:50:33 <coffeecat> three bits: referral links in sigs, referral links from new members who have signed up to spam forum with link, and post links form extablished members. Is this a good way of dividing up the subject?

 19:50:54 <coffeecat> #2 seems obvious.

 19:51:13 <elfy> yea - logical to me

 19:51:21 <elfy> and #2 is obvious

 19:51:44 <cariboo907> works for me

 19:51:56 <coffeecat> I'll say straight up I'm not comfortable with referral links in sigs even with estabished members.

 19:52:00 <Iowan> sig links at least require 25 previous posts...

 19:52:33 <Iowan> although that's more of a permanent as

 19:52:36 <coffeecat> trouble with sig links is that they appear in every post - obvious I know - but it's spammy, imo

 19:52:39 <Iowan> *ad

 19:52:56 <cariboo907> we've had them as long as I've been a member of the forum

 19:53:15 <Iowan> (We've had spammers, too ;)

 19:53:19 <cariboo907> Ubuntu One now has referrals too

 19:54:11 <Iowan> That's unfortunate, as it's officially sanctioned.

 19:54:23 <Iowan> Kinda sets a precedent

 19:55:04 <cariboo907> that's why I feel we should allow referral links in sigs, but ban someone that only joins to provide a link

 19:55:05 <elfy> perhaps make it a perk if you've got as far as being registered users plus ...

 19:55:22 <coffeecat> possibly not a precedent - Ubuntu1 on referrals says family and friends. I'll see if I can find link.

 19:55:25 <cariboo907> that would work for me

 19:55:36 <elfy> however

 19:55:57 <elfy> I would not want to have hundreds of reports just to deal with sig links

 19:56:09 <cariboo907> coffeecat, https://one.ubuntu.com/help/faq/referral-program-terms/

 19:56:31 <coffeecat> https://one.ubuntu.com/help/faq/referral-program-terms/ - quite clearly family and friends so I don't think a precedent for forum.

 19:57:02 <elfy> especially given "must not send any referral request in violation of applicable law (e.g. spam)"

 19:57:12 <coffeecat> ok - it goes onto say publicly

 19:57:14 <Iowan> CoC comes to mind...

 19:59:03 <cariboo907> with the stipulation that you must disclose that you are getting extra storage, that may take more than 3 lines in a sig :)

 20:00:04 <Iowan> Home pages can also be problems... but they, too, have been around longer than I have. (back on topic)

 20:00:36 <elfy> horny subject this is turning into

 20:01:15 <cariboo907> we may need to discuss this more, before voting on it

 20:01:23 <elfy> yea

 20:01:38 <cariboo907> I'd suggest we table it until our next meeting

 20:01:40 <elfy> at least we can discuss parts further perhaps

 20:01:45 <Iowan> +1 We'r into overtime

 20:01:54 <coffeecat> +1 for more debate in SCC.

 20:02:00 <elfy> ok

 20:02:18 <elfy> #vote Referral links - table for further discussion

 20:02:18 <meetingology> Please vote on: Referral links - table for further discussion

 20:02:18 <meetingology> Public votes can be registered by saying +1, +0 or -1 in channel, (private votes don't work yet, but when they do it will be by messaging the channel followed by +1/-1/+0 to me)

 20:02:24 <cariboo907> =1

 20:02:26 <Iowan> +1

 20:02:26 <meetingology> +1 received from Iowan

 20:02:28 <cariboo907> +1

 20:02:28 <meetingology> +1 received from cariboo907

 20:02:30 <elfy> +1

 20:02:30 <meetingology> +1 received from elfy

 20:02:31 <coffeecat> +1

 20:02:31 <meetingology> +1 received from coffeecat

 20:02:37 <elfy> #endvote

 20:02:37 <meetingology> Voting ended on: Referral links - table for further discussion

 20:02:37 <meetingology> Votes for:4 Votes against:0 Abstentions:0

 20:02:37 <meetingology> Motion carried

 20:02:50 <elfy> #subtopic  Forum Upgrade

 20:03:12 <elfy> this subject could take as long as the other 4 or 5 ...

 20:03:35 <coffeecat> perhaps not...

 20:03:43 <elfy> :)_

 20:03:56 <elfy> first up is the proposed date

 20:04:43 <elfy> at present we are hoping to do this at the end of February

 20:05:17 <elfy> coffeecat: can you do the points - I've forgotten where we were with trying to drive the bot :|

 20:05:18 <cariboo907> Is there anything that will stop this from happening?

 20:05:36 <elfy> cariboo907: nothing major

 20:05:47 <coffeecat> deej - one of the sysadmins - is seeing if IS can do 28th Feb (Thurs).

 20:05:49 <cariboo907> aside from the user name location?

 20:05:58 <coffeecat> 08:00 UTC start. Needs up to 8 hours....

 20:06:13 <coffeecat> So hopefully done by 16:00 UTC on the Thurs.

 20:06:34 <coffeecat> THen we start picking up the pieces. :/

 20:07:05 <coffeecat> cariboo907, there are some usability issues still outstanding on staging, but no real show-stoppers...

 20:07:21 <elfy> cariboo907 Iowan - the thinking being that if we try and do it UK time we havew 3/5ths of us about while it's going on

 20:07:23 <coffeecat> If we wait till we've fixed them all, it'll be the turn of the next millenium...

 20:07:29 <cariboo907> that worksd for me, as I'm at work during those hours, and off Friday, Saturday and most of Sunday

 20:07:42 <coffeecat> cariboo907, that's great..

 20:07:54 <elfy> excellent - so we'd have 4/5ths kind of about for the few days following

 20:08:22 <coffeecat> apart from fidlling in admincp, we'll need people with experience of staging to help users in FF&H...

 20:08:28 <Iowan> UK time makes sense

 20:08:35 <elfy> coffeecat: +1

 20:09:12 <Iowan> I'm gonna be climbing another learning curve, too.

 20:09:32 <elfy> I would say that the most important decision we need to make is

 20:09:36 <coffeecat> elfy - suggest we make another pleas to any modertaors here atm to get into staging and find their way around.

 20:10:01 <elfy> do we hold back on the upgrade for 'little' issues - or deal with those after upgrade

 20:10:24 <cariboo907> if they are 'little issues' I say lets do it

 20:10:25 <Iowan> We've been waiting for these upgrades since...???

 20:10:29 <elfy> cariboo907 Iowan - we have things like tags not showing in forum view without mouseover

 20:10:46 <coffeecat> mark thread as solved not working....

 20:10:51 <elfy> I say - go forward - deal with those things afterwards

 20:10:55 <elfy> coffeecat: +1

 20:10:59 <coffeecat> user profile in wrong place in posts....

 20:11:15 <coffeecat> But none of these are showstoppers imo

 20:11:19 <elfy> that seems to be the thing we are dealing with - are things mods to templates or addons

 20:11:21 <jacob> does the main page still default to the activity view? (instead of the forum list)

 20:11:27 <elfy> jacob: no

 20:11:37 <jacob> elfy: good good, that was my only gripe :)

 20:12:31 <elfy> jacob: if the last time you looked then it will look much different now :)

 20:12:47 <jacob> editing my hosts file as we speak

 20:12:52 <coffeecat> jacob - it looks like a usable forum now! ;-)

 20:12:52 <jacob> or type

 20:13:07 <Iowan> I presume these little issues will still be attacked - even if date is set...

 20:13:24 <elfy> Iowan: yea - priorities

 20:13:56 <coffeecat> Iowan - the way I see it is the little outstanding issues a re little different in kind from the sort of things we need to attend to week by week. The forum is always in flux.

 20:14:10 <elfy> as and aside any ubuntu member who gained membership by way of forum activity is welcome to check out the staging forum - send a PM via forum to one of the admins

 20:14:40 <jacob> ooh, that looks nice. some bits and bobs weird with the theme, but it's looking great otherwise

 20:14:43 <cariboo907> I've had a couple of pm's from ubuntu members

 20:14:56 <Iowan> coffeecat:  My point, exactly.

 20:15:00 <elfy> jacob: the dots will change - hiccup I think :)

 20:15:18 <elfy> cariboo907: yea - think I got about 6

 20:15:31 * coffeecat admits mea culpa on the dors. I pointed Merk at the wrong graphic. Sackcloth and ashes here.

 20:15:37 <elfy> :D

 20:15:39 <coffeecat> *dots*

 20:15:46 <elfy> I wasn't pointing fingers coffeecat :)

 20:15:50 <coffeecat> lol

 20:16:21 <elfy> time moving on now - we were late and now at an hour :)

 20:16:58 <coffeecat> elfy - I think wheels have been set in motion for 28th....

 20:17:01 <elfy> coffeecat: I know deej was going to post to ticket re date after talking to IS

 20:17:09 <cariboo907> do we need to vote on an official date to do the upgrade?

 20:17:10 <Iowan> Does this item require anything official?

 20:17:23 <elfy> coffeecat: do we wait for end of 11th - then post

 20:17:28 <Iowan> (out-typed)

 20:17:29 <coffeecat> I suggest we only need to vote if there is any objection to 28th...

 20:17:40 <elfy> cariboo907 Iowan - I think we need to vote on a couple of things

 20:17:58 <coffeecat> Of course we don't know yet whether IS can do the 28th

 20:18:01 <elfy> date and moving anyway if the only things stopping upgrade are 'niggles'

 20:18:02 <Iowan> k ??

 20:18:41 <elfy> jono: you might want to look into the forum upgrade issues as well - being community manager ;)

 20:18:54 <cariboo907> +1 on the date, and if there are only niggles, +1 too

 20:19:04 <elfy> 2 votes or one?

 20:19:14 <Iowan> 2

 20:19:19 <elfy> ok

 20:19:28 <Iowan> same answer, though

 20:20:10 <elfy> #vote Approach IS to upgrade live forum on 28 Feb - starting aty 08:00UTC

 20:20:10 <meetingology> Please vote on: Approach IS to upgrade live forum on 28 Feb - starting aty 08:00UTC

 20:20:10 <meetingology> Public votes can be registered by saying +1, +0 or -1 in channel, (private votes don't work yet, but when they do it will be by messaging the channel followed by +1/-1/+0 to me)

 20:20:18 <cariboo907> +1

 20:20:18 <meetingology> +1 received from cariboo907

 20:20:19 <Iowan> +1

 20:20:19 <meetingology> +1 received from Iowan

 20:20:21 <coffeecat> +1

 20:20:21 <meetingology> +1 received from coffeecat

 20:20:23 <elfy> +1

 20:20:23 <meetingology> +1 received from elfy

 20:20:31 <elfy> #endvote

 20:20:31 <meetingology> Voting ended on: Approach IS to upgrade live forum on 28 Feb - starting aty 08:00UTC

 20:20:31 <meetingology> Votes for:4 Votes against:0 Abstentions:0

 20:20:31 <meetingology> Motion carried

 20:20:52 <Iowan> Does that actually answer the wne vote?

 20:21:01 <Iowan> *2nd

 20:22:11 <elfy> #vote Upgrade forum to vB4 regardless of small theme/addon issues - further discussion in staff area if needed

 20:22:11 <meetingology> Please vote on: Upgrade forum to vB4 regardless of small theme/addon issues - further discussion in staff area if needed

 20:22:11 <meetingology> Public votes can be registered by saying +1, +0 or -1 in channel, (private votes don't work yet, but when they do it will be by messaging the channel followed by +1/-1/+0 to me)

 20:22:19 <cariboo907> +1

 20:22:19 <meetingology> +1 received from cariboo907

 20:22:24 <Iowan> +1

 20:22:24 <meetingology> +1 received from Iowan

 20:22:24 <coffeecat> +1

 20:22:24 <meetingology> +1 received from coffeecat

 20:22:28 <elfy> +1

 20:22:28 <meetingology> +1 received from elfy

 20:22:33 <elfy> #endvote

 20:22:33 <meetingology> Voting ended on: Upgrade forum to vB4 regardless of small theme/addon issues - further discussion in staff area if needed

 20:22:33 <meetingology> Votes for:4 Votes against:0 Abstentions:0

 20:22:33 <meetingology> Motion carried

 20:23:19 <elfy> ok - I think the only things left are the division of labour/team report

 20:23:31 <elfy> we can do those in admin channel or SCC imho

 20:23:38 <coffeecat> +1

 20:23:39 <Iowan> lets...

 20:23:41 <cariboo907> +1

 20:24:02 <elfy> Iowan: lets +1 ? or lets something else :)

 20:24:26 <Iowan> didn't know it was a vote... OK +1

 20:24:33 <elfy> it's not :p

 20:24:45 <elfy> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)