#title #ubuntu-meeting: Technical Board meeting

Meeting started by stgraber at 20:00:27 UTC.  The full logs are
available at
http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2013/ubuntu-meeting.2013-04-15-20.00.log.html
.



== Meeting summary ==

 *Action review

 *Scan the mailing list archive for anything we missed (standing item)

 *Check up on community bugs

 *Select a chair for the next meeting

 *AOB



Meeting ended at 20:10:20 UTC.



== Votes ==




== Action items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * stgraber (24)
 * cjwatson (7)
 * pitti (5)
 * meetingology (3)



== Full Log ==


 20:00:27 <stgraber> #startmeeting Technical Board meeting

 20:00:27 <meetingology> Meeting started Mon Apr 15 20:00:27 2013 UTC.  The chair is stgraber. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 20:00:27 <meetingology> 

 20:00:27 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 20:00:40 <stgraber> hey everyone, so from what I'm seeing on the ML, it's just the three of us tonight

 20:01:04 <stgraber> we also appear to have an empty agenda

 20:01:05 * pitti hasn't caught up with the over-weekend mail flood yet, sorry

 20:01:09 <pitti> oh, good

 20:01:37 <stgraber> anyway, let's quickly go through the usual points, but I expect this to be a very short meeting

 20:01:49 <stgraber> #topic Action review

 20:02:05 <cjwatson> TBH I didn't properly catch up on the last meeting to see if we got through all the outstanding business then

 20:02:11 <cjwatson> I didn't see minutes on -devel-announce

 20:02:32 <stgraber> unfortunately it doesn't look like soren got around to doing the post-meeting paperwork, so I'm assuming we didn't have any action

 20:02:47 <cjwatson> If we did I guess we'll find out in two weeks? :)

 20:02:49 <stgraber> IIRC we granted a MRE for xorg and discussed Mark's proposal some more

 20:03:53 <stgraber> mdz was supposed to process the MRE and update the wiki, but IIRC he was waiting for the meeting minutes to link to them

 20:04:09 <stgraber> so hopefully this is enough highlights for both of them to have this sorted out ;)

 20:04:48 <stgraber> #topic Scan the mailing list archive for anything we missed (standing item)

 20:05:05 <stgraber> I just did a quick scan, we had a few things but they were resolved by e-mail or were just notifications

 20:05:09 <pitti> I can't see anything in my ML for TB

 20:05:15 <stgraber> #topic Check up on community bugs

 20:05:20 <stgraber> "

 20:05:20 <stgraber> There are currently no open bugs.

 20:05:21 <stgraber> "

 20:05:43 <stgraber> #topic Select a chair for the next meeting

 20:06:21 <stgraber> I think the next chair is cjwatson. However this will be during the client sprint, so we should probably make sure we don't have conflicting meetings

 20:06:58 <pitti> stgraber: well, hopefully the sprint won't be tightly packed with meetings

 20:07:08 <cjwatson> I think we can make a point of carving out time

 20:07:27 <cjwatson> It's on our calendars so we should notice, right?

 20:07:49 <stgraber> I don't think I have the TB meeting on my Canonical calendar, but I can fix that ;)

 20:07:59 <cjwatson> I do, at least

 20:08:24 <stgraber> 12.30-13.30 - Lunch

 20:08:28 <stgraber> so the meeting will be during lunch

 20:08:35 <stgraber> no risk of conflicts then ;)

 20:08:53 * cjwatson will pack military rations

 20:09:10 <pitti> one hand typing, the other munching on a sandwich

 20:09:24 <stgraber> sounds like a plan

 20:09:26 <stgraber> #topic AOB

 20:10:20 <stgraber> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)