== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 19 Nov at 20:07 &mdash; 20:43 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2013/ubuntu-meeting.2013-11-19-20.07.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/LoCoCouncil/Agenda 
=== ubuntu-mm ===
The discussion about "ubuntu-mm" started at 20:08.

  * ''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/MyanmarTeam/VerificationApplication2013 
  * PabloRubianes voted +1
  * jose voted +1
  * coolbhavi voted +1
  * ''Vote:'' To approve the Verification of ubuntu-mm for a 2 year period (Carried)

=== Abstention of a Council Member ===
The discussion about "Abstention of a Council Member" started at 20:22.

  * skellat serves as Point of Contact/Leader for Ubuntu Ohio
  * skellat also serves as a member of LoCo Council
  * skellat will not be permitted to vote on the application of Ubuntu Ohio for Verification
  * SergioMeneses will take the chair for proceedings on the Ubuntu Ohio application

=== ubuntu-us-ohio ===
The discussion about "ubuntu-us-ohio" started at 20:23.

  * ''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/OhioTeam/VerificationApplication2013 
  * ''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/OhioTeam/VerificationApplication2013 
  * skellat, LoCo Council: at some future time I'd like to discuss how to improve IRC meeting participation for Ubuntu-ca
  * ''ACTION:'' LoCo Council to discuss with Point of Contact for Canada how to improve participation
  * jose voted +1 on Ohio
  * coolbhavi voted +1 on Ohio
  * PabloRubianes voted +1 on Ohio
  * costales voted +1 on Ohio

=== Any Other Business ===
The discussion about "Any Other Business" started at 20:37.

 * '''Introductions''' (20:38)

=== Next meeting ===
The discussion about "Next meeting" started at 20:43.

  * The next meeting will be the Third Tuesday of December at 2000 UTC



== Vote results ==

 * To approve the Verification of ubuntu-mm for a 2 year period
  * Motion carried (For/Against/Abstained 3/0/0)



== Action items ==

 * LoCo Council to discuss with Point of Contact for Canada how to improve participation



== People present (lines said) ==

 * skellat (73)
 * SergioMeneses (39)
 * kokoye2007 (38)
 * costales (29)
 * meetingology (14)
 * ChitKo (9)
 * BobJonkman1 (7)
 * hono (4)
 * kaziweb (1)
 * ubottu (1)
 * coolbhavi (0)
 * jose (0)
 * PabloRubianes (0)



== Full Log ==


 20:07 <skellat> #startmeeting

 20:07 <meetingology> Meeting started Tue Nov 19 20:07:18 2013 UTC.  The chair is skellat. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 20:07 <meetingology> 

 20:07 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 20:07 <SergioMeneses> kaziweb, welcome!

 20:07 <skellat> This is the November regular meeting of the LoCo Council

 20:07 <kaziweb> SergioMeneses, thanks

 20:08 <skellat> We have two applications before us at this meeting for consideration

 20:08 <kokoye2007> thx skellat

 20:08 <costales> https://wiki.ubuntu.com/LoCoCouncil/Agenda

 20:08 <ChitKo> yes

 20:08 <skellat> #topic ubuntu-mm

 20:08 <costales> https://wiki.ubuntu.com/MyanmarTeam/VerificationApplication2013

 20:09 <skellat> At this point I must stress that, due to the number of members who are unable to be present, we have votes that have been recorded separately in bugmail

 20:09 <skellat> While I look up those votes, I invite kokoye2007 to tell us a little bit about the current state of ubuntu-mm

 20:10 <kokoye2007> yes skellat

 20:10 <kokoye2007> we have pre vote +1 4 person :D

 20:10 <costales> Welcome kokoye2007

 20:10 <kokoye2007> now we planing for Ubuntu 13.10 Biggest Event

 20:10 <kokoye2007> in 2 City

 20:11 <SergioMeneses> awesome kokoye2007 !

 20:11 <kokoye2007> also Country Level Mobile Event in Order booth  - for Ubuntu Mobile Event (Dec-2013)

 20:12 <kokoye2007> this year we more promote Ubuntu OS in our country

 20:12 <costales> I see your wiki pretty nice and good information ;)

 20:12 <kokoye2007> bcz IP Law is early

 20:12 <skellat> The wiki looks in pretty good shape

 20:12 <ChitKo> thanx

 20:12 <skellat> If I may interrupt for a moment, let me put the absent votes on record

 20:12 <skellat> #nick PabloRubianes

 20:13 <skellat> #info PabloRubianes voted +1

 20:13 <skellat> #nick jose

 20:13 <kokoye2007> who is make IT event - they invited to our ubuntu loco team

 20:13 <skellat> #info jose voted +1

 20:13 <skellat> #nick coolbhavi

 20:13 <costales> kokoye2007: Have you had any issues? Or things the council can help with?

 20:13 <skellat> #info coolbhavi voted +1

 20:13 <kokoye2007> bcz innovative and pioneer FLOSS team

 20:13 <SergioMeneses> I want to say you have an amazing wiki kokoye2007  and I am gald you use the loco team portal for your events http://loco.ubuntu.com/teams/ubuntu-mm/ ....and there are a lot of good pictures! :)

 20:13 <kokoye2007> thx SergioMeneses

 20:14 <ChitKo> thanx SergioMeneses

 20:14 <skellat> Is there any further discussion?

 20:14 <kokoye2007> :)

 20:14 <skellat> #voters skellat SergioMeneses costales

 20:14 <meetingology> Current voters: SergioMeneses costales skellat

 20:15 <kokoye2007> this year to Ubuntu Year for Myanmar

 20:15 <kokoye2007> i wanna try look like China

 20:15 <SergioMeneses> kokoye2007, might you answer costales question :)

 20:16 <SergioMeneses> might we help your team with something?

 20:16 <kokoye2007> yes

 20:16 <costales> :)

 20:16 <kokoye2007> when we make

 20:16 <ChitKo> thanks

 20:16 <kokoye2007> Barcamp or

 20:16 <kokoye2007> Ubuntu Camp / UbuCamp

 20:16 <hono> thanks sir

 20:16 <kokoye2007> Who can coming and Contribute / Guide

 20:17 <kokoye2007> example Ubuntu Install Festival / Ubuntu Travel in Myanmar

 20:17 <skellat> Okay

 20:18 <kokoye2007> migrate (Window$ > Ubuntu)

 20:18 <skellat> Some of that got discussed in the LoCo Projects session at vUDS-1311 today.  I urge you to go back and watch the session to learn what dpm, popey, myself, and others were talking about.

 20:18 <SergioMeneses> kokoye2007, I dont get your point... you want to make a guide about hw to contribute or I miss something?

 20:18 <kokoye2007> both

 20:18 <kokoye2007> :D

 20:19 <kokoye2007> who can come (and) who can guideline

 20:19 <kokoye2007> thx skellat

 20:19 <SergioMeneses> ok I propose this! kokoye2007 send us an email with this "project" and we are going to see what might we do :)

 20:19 <costales> kokoye2007: What about the wiki guides? Are they useful for you? https://wiki.ubuntu.com/LoCoCouncil/LoCoTeamsBestPracticesandGuidelines

 20:19 <SergioMeneses> skellat, costales ok with my idea?

 20:20 <costales> yes :D it will be a great feedback

 20:20 <skellat> SergioMeneses: No objections

 20:20 <SergioMeneses> perfect!

 20:20 <kokoye2007> Ohh thank SergioMeneses , costales

 20:20 <SergioMeneses> skellat, we are ready to vote - imho

 20:20 <costales> yes, I'm

 20:20 <skellat> #vote To approve the Verification of ubuntu-mm for a 2 year period

 20:20 <meetingology> Please vote on: To approve the Verification of ubuntu-mm for a 2 year period

 20:20 <meetingology> Public votes can be registered by saying +1, +0 or -1 in channel, (private votes don't work yet, but when they do it will be by messaging the channel followed by +1/-1/+0 to me)

 20:20 <skellat> +1 with hearty congratulations to the team for the great work they are doing

 20:20 <meetingology> +1 with hearty congratulations to the team for the great work they are doing received from skellat

 20:21 <kokoye2007> who is +1 :)

 20:21 <costales> +1 Impressive work team! Thanks! Keep your hard work ;)

 20:21 <meetingology> +1 Impressive work team! Thanks! Keep your hard work ;) received from costales

 20:21 <SergioMeneses> +1 excellent work ubuntu-mm

 20:21 <meetingology> +1 excellent work ubuntu-mm received from SergioMeneses

 20:21 <skellat> #endvote

 20:21 <meetingology> Voting ended on: To approve the Verification of ubuntu-mm for a 2 year period

 20:21 <meetingology> Votes for:3 Votes against:0 Abstentions:0

 20:21 <meetingology> Motion carried

 20:21 <costales> Congrants team! :D

 20:21 <kokoye2007> thank costales

 20:21 <skellat> #agreed With the 3 absent votes plus the 3 positive votes in-meeting, ubuntu-mm stands Verified for 2 years

 20:21 <kokoye2007> thank SergioMeneses

 20:21 <ChitKo> Thank you all

 20:21 <kokoye2007> thank skellat

 20:21 <kokoye2007> :)

 20:22 <hono> thanks all sir

 20:22 <costales> kokoye2007: Thanks to all the team :)

 20:22 <kokoye2007> we promise, more project, more contribute, more love ubuntu :)

 20:22 <SergioMeneses> congrats ubuntu-mm ChitKo and kokoye2007

 20:22 <skellat> Okay, lets move on to the next topic

 20:22 <skellat> #topic Abstention of a Council Member

 20:22 <SergioMeneses> kokoye2007, if you need help from us! please let us know ;)

 20:23 <skellat> #info skellat serves as Point of Contact/Leader for Ubuntu Ohio

 20:23 <kokoye2007> yes, thx SergioMeneses

 20:23 <skellat> #info skellat also serves as a member of LoCo Council

 20:23 <ChitKo> y

 20:23 <skellat> #info skellat will not be permitted to vote on the application of Ubuntu Ohio for Verification

 20:23 <SergioMeneses> skellat, dont worry!

 20:23 <skellat> #info SergioMeneses will take the chair for proceedings on the Ubuntu Ohio application

 20:23 <skellat> #chair SergioMeneses

 20:23 <meetingology> Current chairs: SergioMeneses skellat

 20:23 <skellat> #topic ubuntu-us-ohio

 20:24 <skellat> I yield to SergioMeneses to continue the meeting

 20:24 <costales> https://wiki.ubuntu.com/OhioTeam/VerificationApplication2013

 20:24 <SergioMeneses> greetings ubuntu-us-oh !

 20:24 <SergioMeneses> #link https://wiki.ubuntu.com/OhioTeam/VerificationApplication2013

 20:24 <skellat> Greetings on behalf of a rather rambunctious community

 20:24 <SergioMeneses> thanks costales

 20:25 <SergioMeneses> skellat, tell us something about your community

 20:25 <skellat> After two failed attempts at seeking Approval, Ubuntu Ohio entered a bit of a restructuring

 20:25 <skellat> During that time Ubuntu Ohio transitioned from having a High Council to lead it to now being led by a sole leader

 20:25 <skellat> We've instituted some changes to try to increase the engagement level

 20:25 <costales> I'm glad to see you're using the Portal :) http://loco.ubuntu.com/teams/ubuntu-us-ohio/events/history/

 20:26 <skellat> Thank you

 20:26 <skellat> Above and beyond the requirements in general for LoCo membership, members for Ubuntu Ohio **must** sign the Ubuntu Code of Conduct

 20:26 <SergioMeneses> skellat, glad to read that! a lot of teams are working on the same area... how to get more activity, members, and others

 20:26 <skellat> This ensures that they are empowered to take action on any complaints they have to the relevant team rather than complain intra-team

 20:27 <skellat> SergioMeneses: Our big goal right now is to get everybody empowered

 20:27 <skellat> I bluntly told multiple members in-person at Ohio Linux Fest 2013 that I do not whining or complaining without action

 20:27 <skellat> If you have a problem, I want to remove the barriers so you can seek a fix to the problem

 20:27 <SergioMeneses> skellat, great! I think someday you might share about this with us and all loco-teams

 20:27 <costales> You've been busy ;)

 20:27 <skellat> Yeah

 20:27 <SergioMeneses> costales, agree

 20:28 <skellat> Putting on OLF 2013 was our short-term goal which we just completed

 20:28 <SergioMeneses> I really like your "member map"  http://ohio.ubuntu-us.org/map/user

 20:28 <costales> skellat: So what do you think is the best thing that works for the team, is it social events?

 20:29 <skellat> costales: In-person, no.  We're too spread out.  Online, yes.  We're making online socialization work.

 20:29 <SergioMeneses> skellat, great!

 20:29 <SergioMeneses> skellat, do you have problems in your team or if we might help you with something?

 20:30 <costales> skellat: Which social platform is working better? Twitter, FB, G+, Identi.ca...?

 20:30 <BobJonkman1> skellat: How did you achieve online socialization?

 20:30 * SergioMeneses forgets skellat is part of the LC

 20:30 <skellat> SergioMeneses: Not at this time.  Any member of the Council is welcome to attend our meeting later this month when we work on our long range planning

 20:30 <skellat> costales: IRC & Mailing Lists are what are working best followed by G+ then Twitter

 20:31 <costales> skellat: Great! ;)

 20:31 <costales> Nice detailed wiki

 20:32 <SergioMeneses> and you have a good experience this year! I like that as well... I think we are ready to vote, costales dont you think?

 20:32 <skellat> BobJonkman1: Right now we focus on our IRC meetings.  When it comes down to it, I'm actually located closer to you "as the crow flies" than my next closest member of Ubuntu Ohio.  The IRC channel has been the main watering hole for discussion although I am trying to get some of that to move to discourse.ubuntu.com potentially.  Discussion in-channel is pretty varied.

 20:33 <skellat> We should note that votes were already cast in the bug

 20:33 <SergioMeneses> good answer skellat !

 20:33 <costales> I have to ask :P Do you need something from the council?

 20:33 <BobJonkman1> #info skellat, LoCo Council: at some future time I'd like to discuss how to improve IRC meeting participation for Ubuntu-ca

 20:34 <SergioMeneses> ok we have 4 votes https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu-locoteams/+bug/1247523

 20:34 <ubottu> Error: ubuntu bug 1247523 not found

 20:34 <skellat> #action LoCo Council to discuss with Point of Contact for Canada how to improve participation

 20:34 * meetingology LoCo Council to discuss with Point of Contact for Canada how to improve participation

 20:34 <SergioMeneses> jaja the bug is private

 20:34 <kokoye2007> it's private

 20:34 <skellat> Hold on

 20:34 <skellat> #nick jose

 20:34 <SergioMeneses> skellat, it's ok

 20:34 <skellat> #info jose voted +1 on Ohio

 20:34 <costales> Great BobJonkman1 I'll a pleasure :)

 20:34 <skellat> #nick coolbhavi

 20:34 <skellat> #info coolbhavi voted +1 on Ohio

 20:35 <skellat> #nick PabloRubianes

 20:35 <skellat> #info PabloRubianes voted +1 on Ohio

 20:35 <skellat> SergioMeneses: Okay, we've got that on record now :-)

 20:35 <SergioMeneses> skellat, perfect!

 20:35 <SergioMeneses> skellat, I think my vote is not necessary =( jajaja

 20:36 <SergioMeneses> congratulations ubuntu-us-ohio

 20:36 <skellat> Oh, that's right I almost forgot

 20:36 <skellat> #nick costales

 20:36 <costales> :P

 20:36 <skellat> #info costales voted +1 on Ohio

 20:36 <costales> Of course :)

 20:37 <costales> You did an awesome hard work!

 20:37 <SergioMeneses> skellat, I will put my vote on the bug ;)

 20:37 <SergioMeneses> costales, skellat do we have more things on the board?

 20:37 <skellat> #agreed ubuntu-us-ohio stands Verified for 2 years

 20:37 <skellat> #topic Any Other Business

 20:38 <BobJonkman1> Since there are lots of people online I haven't met before, can we do a round of introductions before the meeting ends?

 20:38 <kokoye2007> g8t! skellat , costales

 20:38 <kokoye2007> :)

 20:38 <costales> Congrats ubuntu-us-ohio!! And thanks! :D

 20:38 <skellat> #subtopic Introductions

 20:38 <ChitKo> Congrats ubuntu-us-ohio!!

 20:38 <BobJonkman1> I'm Bob Jonkman from Elmira, Ontario, Canada, and a co-contact for Canada with Darcy Casselman (dscassel on IRC)

 20:38 <skellat> Thank you kokoye2007, ChitKo, costales

 20:39 <costales> Of course BobJonkman1

 20:39 <costales> Nice to meet you BobJonkman1, it's a pleasure :)

 20:39 <BobJonkman1> Hello, costales!

 20:39 <skellat> My name is Stephen Michael Kellat in Ashtabula, Ohio, USA, and am a member of LoCo Council as well as Point of Contact/Leader for Ubuntu Ohio.  BobJonkman1 otherwise sees me on Identica as alpacaherder usually.

 20:40 <BobJonkman1> It was useful to receive a reminder of this meeting on the LoCo-Contacts mailing list -- thanx for that, skellat

 20:40 <skellat> No problem

 20:40 <kokoye2007> nice 2 meet ya skellat,

 20:41 <hono> nice to see skellat

 20:41 <skellat> A big thing right now is to work on communication.  popey brought that up as an issue during the LoCo Projects session at today's vUDS-1311 panels and it is an active matter to deal with.

 20:41 <SergioMeneses> BobJonkman1, indeed ... skellat rocks!

 20:41 <costales> BobJonkman1: I'm costales. Hi from a LoCo Council Member too!

 20:41 <SergioMeneses> skellat, close the meeting ;)

 20:42 <costales> hahahaha

 20:42 <SergioMeneses> ok I have to go back to work! see you later guys!

 20:42 <SergioMeneses> take care

 20:42 <ChitKo> great

 20:42 <BobJonkman1> Bye SergioMeneses

 20:42 <kokoye2007> bye SergioMeneses see ya later ;P

 20:42 <hono> take care bye

 20:42 <ChitKo> bye skellet , costales , SergioMeneses

 20:43 <skellat> Alrighty

 20:43 <skellat> It looks like we're done

 20:43 <skellat> #topic Next meeting

 20:43 <skellat> #info The next meeting will be the Third Tuesday of December at 2000 UTC

 20:43 <skellat> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)