== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 24 Jun at 16:31 &mdash; 16:57 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2013/ubuntu-meeting.2013-06-24-16.31.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting 
=== Announcements ===
The discussion about "Announcements" started at 16:31.


=== Weekly stand-up report ===
The discussion about "Weekly stand-up report" started at 16:31.


=== Highlighted packages ===
The discussion about "Highlighted packages" started at 16:49.

  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/haskell-tls-extra.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/pktstat.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/tcptrack.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/freebsd-sendpr.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/gromacs.html 

=== Miscellaneous and Questions ===
The discussion about "Miscellaneous and Questions" started at 16:49.




== Vote results ==




== Action items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * jdstrand (33)
 * tyhicks (14)
 * jjohansen (10)
 * chrisccoulson (8)
 * sarnold (3)
 * meetingology (3)
 * ubottu (1)



== Full Log ==


 16:31 <jdstrand> #startmeeting

 16:31 <meetingology> Meeting started Mon Jun 24 16:31:17 2013 UTC.  The chair is jdstrand. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:31 <meetingology> 

 16:31 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 16:31 <jdstrand> The meeting agenda can be found at:

 16:31 <jdstrand> [LINK] https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting

 16:31 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Announcements

 16:31 <jdstrand> Christian Kuersteiner (ckuerste) provided a debdiff for quantal for ruby-openid (LP: #1190179). Your work is very much appreciated and will keep Ubuntu users secure. Great job! :)

 16:31 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1190179 in ruby-openid (Ubuntu Quantal) "XML denial of service vulnerability" [Undecided,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1190179

 16:31 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Weekly stand-up report

 16:31 <jdstrand> I'll go first

 16:31 <chrisccoulson> hi

 16:32 <jdstrand> I'm on community this week

 16:33 <jdstrand> I am currently working on finishing the SDK work items and goals for June deliverables

 16:33 <jdstrand> with luck, I will be done with June's work items today (thanks to me just picking up where sbeattie left off)

 16:34 <jdstrand> I did some phablet image testing last week, and will continue that this week. mostly just making sure that various pieces are landing and working correctly

 16:34 <jdstrand> I have monthly planning to do (with the help of the team)

 16:35 <jdstrand> and hopefully can get out a pending update

 16:35 <jdstrand> that's it from me. mdes laur isn't here today, so tyhicks, you're up

 16:36 <tyhicks> I suspect that I'll have some ContentPicker work this week, but won't know for sure until tomorrow

 16:37 <tyhicks> I'm continuing to freshen up the dbus-dev patches so that they're in shape for uploading/upstreaming

 16:38 <tyhicks> I'm also anxious to start work on the apparmor dbus policy parser changes that we voted on (pending jj's email about future IPC syntax)

 16:38 <jdstrand> tyhicks: are you planning an apparmor upload to the ppa?

 16:38 <tyhicks> jdstrand: probably not today

 16:38 <tyhicks> jdstrand: do we need to coordinate uploads?

 16:39 <jdstrand> ok. I will be doing a saucy upload to Ubuntu hopefully today, but also wanted to update the raring ppa with the same patches

 16:40 <tyhicks> jdstrand: that'll be fine - I'll just rebase on what you upload

 16:40 <jdstrand> tyhicks: I think if you are early or I am late, then yes. otherwise we should be ok

 16:40 * tyhicks nods

 16:40 <tyhicks> I think that's it

 16:40 <jdstrand> my changes shouldn't affect anything you're doing

 16:40 <tyhicks> good

 16:41 <tyhicks> jjohansen: you're up

 16:41 <jjohansen> I'm finishing up with the apparmor3 backport for the phablet kernels.

 16:41 <jjohansen> there are some dbus patches tyhicks to look at

 16:41 <jjohansen> A couple of patches for 2.8 bugs to get out so I can help sarnold do the 2.8.2 release

 16:41 <jjohansen> I need to finish up my long delayed IPC syntax email that is blocking tyhick

 16:41 <jjohansen> And of course get back to my June WI

 16:41 <tyhicks> jjohansen: you have patches for the dbus package?

 16:42 <jjohansen> tyhicks: no, I just mean looking at the dbus related patches you posted

 16:42 <tyhicks> ah, got it

 16:42 <tyhicks> jjohansen: you wrote two of them, so you're almost half way done already ;)

 16:43 <jjohansen> \o/

 16:43 <jdstrand> heheh

 16:43 <jdstrand> is that an implicit ack?

 16:43 <tyhicks> heh :)

 16:43 <jjohansen> well we all know my code is perfect ;-)

 16:44 <jdstrand> :)

 16:44 <jjohansen> oh I guess I should say I have the weekly meeting with kshijt8 for his GSoC work

 16:45 <jjohansen> I think that is it from me sarnold your up

 16:45 <sarnold> I'm on triage this week

 16:46 <sarnold> I'll also be doing apparmor patch reviews, hopefully apparmor 2.8.2 release, and a lower-priority effort to finish up the bouncy castle test code I'm partly underway with..

 16:46 <sarnold> I think that's me, chrisccoulson's turn :)

 16:46 <chrisccoulson> hi :)

 16:47 <chrisccoulson> it's firefox update day tomorrow, so i've been testing that today

 16:47 <chrisccoulson> we are actually going to push chromium out this week as well ;) (going to do that after firefox)

 16:47 <chrisccoulson> and then thunderbird too

 16:48 <chrisccoulson> so, busy start to the week

 16:48 <chrisccoulson> i did more work on oxide last week, and shall continue again later this week once the updates are out of the way

 16:48 <chrisccoulson> i think that's me done

 16:49 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Highlighted packages

 16:49 <jdstrand> The Ubuntu Security team will highlight some community-supported packages that might be good candidates for updating and or triaging. If you would like to help Ubuntu and not sure where to start, this is a great way to do so.

 16:49 <jdstrand> See https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/UpdateProcedures for details and if you have any questions, feel free to ask in #ubuntu-security. To find out other ways of helping out, please see https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/GettingInvolved.

 16:49 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/haskell-tls-extra.html

 16:49 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/pktstat.html

 16:49 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/tcptrack.html

 16:49 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/freebsd-sendpr.html

 16:49 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/gromacs.html

 16:49 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Miscellaneous and Questions

 16:50 <jdstrand> Does anyone have any other questions or items to discuss?

 16:57 <jdstrand> thanks tyhicks, jjohansen, sarnold, chrisccoulson!

 16:57 <jdstrand> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)