== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting: Developer Membership Board, 09 Sep at 19:03 &mdash; 19:42 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2013/ubuntu-meeting.2013-09-09-19.03.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/DeveloperMembershipBoard/Agenda 
=== review previous action items ===
The discussion about "review previous action items" started at 19:04.


=== Core-Dev applications ===
The discussion about "Core-Dev applications" started at 19:04.

 * '''happyaron's core-dev application''' (19:05)
  * ''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/AronXu/DeveloperApplication 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/packagesets/saucy/ubuntukylin 
  * ''Vote:'' grant happyaron core-dev rights (Denied)
  * ''Vote:'' should happyaron be granted membership of ubuntukylin-dev? (Carried)

=== any other business? ===
The discussion about "any other business?" started at 19:41.




== Vote results ==

 * should happyaron be granted membership of ubuntukylin-dev?
  * Motion carried (For/Against/Abstained 5/0/0)
 * grant happyaron core-dev rights
  * Motion denied (For/Against/Abstained 0/3/2)



== Action items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * tumbleweed (28)
 * meetingology (26)
 * happyaron (24)
 * micahg-work (17)
 * ScottK (15)
 * barry (5)
 * stgraber (4)
 * Laney (0)
 * bdrung (0)
 * micahg (0)



== Full Log ==


 19:03 <tumbleweed> #startmeeting Developer Membership Board

 19:03 <meetingology> Meeting started Mon Sep  9 19:03:48 2013 UTC.  The chair is tumbleweed. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 19:03 <meetingology> 

 19:03 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 19:03 <tumbleweed> https://wiki.ubuntu.com/DeveloperMembershipBoard/Agenda

 19:04 <tumbleweed> #topic review previous action items

 19:04 <tumbleweed> I see nothing in the agenda

 19:04 <micahg-work> \o/

 19:04 <tumbleweed> anyone recall anything?

 19:04 <tumbleweed> I guess we move on

 19:04 <happyaron> my application?

 19:04 <tumbleweed> #topic Core-Dev applications

 19:05 <tumbleweed> #subtopic happyaron's core-dev application

 19:05 <tumbleweed> https://wiki.ubuntu.com/AronXu/DeveloperApplication

 19:05 <tumbleweed> happyaron: care to introduce it?

 19:06 <happyaron> well, last month I joined Canonical's Desktop Team, so that my work focus has moved from only input method related packages to more about the desktop... So I think the best idea is to apply for core-dev role.

 19:06 <micahg-work> happyaron, what was your thinking behind that?

 19:06 <happyaron> I have PPU for input-method packages earlier this year.

 19:07 <happyaron> micahg-work: it's actually more related to my current work, which is a quite long term project (ubuntukylin) which needs updating their packages from time to time.

 19:08 <micahg-work> happyaron, were you aware there was a desktop packageset that can be applied for separately?

 19:08 <happyaron> I think from technical and procedure perspective I'm qualified for core-dev, and now I have to pinging around for uploading them.

 19:09 <ScottK> Ubuntu Kylin has it's own package set as well.

 19:09 <micahg-work> (and we can make an upload team for that as soon as someone is ready to apply for that)

 19:09 <happyaron> micahg-work: yes I know, I have looked at it and think it's still quite limited, at least most of my current focus isn't Ubuntu's desktop package set, but really not limited to ubuntukylin's one

 19:10 <ScottK> What recent uploads do you have that reflect your focus?

 19:11 <happyaron> youker-assistant, ubuntukylin-wallpapers, and there is some changes to fcitx pending upload.

 19:11 <micahg-work> the first two should be in the Kylin packageset

 19:12 <micahg-work> fcitx you already have upload rights for through the input methods packageset

 19:12 <happyaron> there are also changes to fonts planned for next cycle. It isn't so obvious because the project is still in an early stage.

 19:12 <happyaron> yes.

 19:14 <happyaron> I know that you are very cautious on granting core-dev upload rights, but I do think ubuntukylin for me is a long term project to enhance Chinese support in Ubuntu in certain sense, and packageset will not be able to fullfill the requirement.

 19:15 <barry> happyaron: why not?  what's missing?

 19:16 <happyaron> barry: it's not simply a project make a few new packages, but involves dealing with a more wide range of stuff. For example, we don't want to keep fonts in ubuntukylin's packageset, right?

 19:16 <micahg-work> if they're Kylin specific, why not?

 19:17 <micahg-work> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/packagesets/saucy/ubuntukylin

 19:17 <micahg-work> seems incomplete

 19:17 <happyaron> but why fonts becomes kylin specific? there are only a small number of available fonts for use and they are meant for all Chinese users.

 19:17 <ScottK> Packagesets are inclusive, not exclusive.

 19:18 <micahg-work> ooh, there is a team

 19:18 <ScottK> If it's in the packageset, people can get upload rights they wouldn't have, but it doesn't prevent others from uploading too.

 19:18 <ScottK> So there's no downside.

 19:18 <stgraber> micahg-work: I just added youker-assistant and ubuntukylin-wallpapers to the kylin packageset now

 19:18 <micahg-work> stgraber, thanks

 19:19 <stgraber> micahg-work: that packageset isn't seed based like the others as they don't have a seed, it needs me to manually update it whenever something new gets in the image (and nobody nagged me about it apparently ;))

 19:21 * micahg-work wonders why Kylin doesn't have a seed

 19:21 <ScottK> happyaron: It seems like you're immediate work is mostly on UbuntuKylin as are your recent contributions.

 19:22 <ScottK> micahg-work: I think it's on someone's TODO list.

 19:22 <happyaron> micahg-work: it was a baby project, and yes it's on TODO

 19:22 <micahg-work> ok

 19:22 <happyaron> ScottK: I joined last month, and it's my first task to work on

 19:23 <ScottK> Right.  Normally we grant rights based on demonstrated past performance, not anticipated future needs.

 19:25 <ScottK> happyaron: What can you tell me about where we are in the release schedule now and what that means for what you can upload?

 19:26 <happyaron> ScottK: just past Beta1, in FF

 19:27 <happyaron> means only bug fixes can be uploaded, but new features must get approved before introducing

 19:27 <happyaron> i.e. new packages, new features, etc.

 19:27 <ScottK> If you change a package to generate a new binary that has to go through New, does that need an FFe?

 19:28 <happyaron> ScottK: I think yes.

 19:29 <happyaron> stuff uploaded before FF can go without FFe, even it is trapped in NEW for days that missed the freeze date.

 19:30 <ScottK> happyaron: That's correct.

 19:33 <tumbleweed> ok, it looks live we have no more questions, let's take this to a vote

 19:34 <tumbleweed> I think we'll take a vote on the core-dev application, and if it fails, vote on granting you membership of ubuntukylin-dev

 19:35 <tumbleweed> happyaron: does that work for you?

 19:35 <happyaron> yes

 19:35 <tumbleweed> #voters bdrung ScottK Laney micahg barry tumbleweed stgraber

 19:35 <meetingology> Current voters: Laney ScottK barry bdrung micahg stgraber tumbleweed

 19:36 <tumbleweed> #vote grant happyaron core-dev rights

 19:36 <meetingology> Please vote on: grant happyaron core-dev rights

 19:36 <meetingology> Public votes can be registered by saying +1, +0 or -1 in channel, (private votes don't work yet, but when they do it will be by messaging the channel followed by +1/-1/+0 to me)

 19:36 <stgraber> +0

 19:36 <meetingology> +0 received from stgraber

 19:36 <ScottK> -1

 19:36 <meetingology> -1 received from ScottK

 19:36 <tumbleweed> #voters bdrung ScottK Laney micahg barry tumbleweed stgraber micahg-work

 19:36 <meetingology> Current voters: Laney ScottK barry bdrung micahg micahg-work stgraber tumbleweed

 19:36 <micahg-work> -1 lack of archive wide experience

 19:36 <meetingology> -1 lack of archive wide experience received from micahg-work

 19:36 <ScottK> Not enough recent history of broad contribution.  Be glad to see you back after that changes.

 19:37 <barry> -1 ubuntukylin-dev membership is more appropriate at this time

 19:37 <meetingology> -1 ubuntukylin-dev membership is more appropriate at this time received from barry

 19:37 <happyaron> ok

 19:37 <micahg-work> I concur with ScottK as well

 19:37 <tumbleweed> +0 [ a DD, yes, but not enough broad experience in Ubuntu, or core-dev endorsement ]

 19:37 <meetingology> +0 [ a DD, yes, but not enough broad experience in Ubuntu, or core-dev endorsement ] received from tumbleweed

 19:38 <barry> -1

 19:38 <meetingology> -1 received from barry

 19:38 <tumbleweed> #endvote

 19:38 <meetingology> Voting ended on: grant happyaron core-dev rights

 19:38 <meetingology> Votes for:0 Votes against:3 Abstentions:2

 19:38 <meetingology> Motion denied

 19:38 <tumbleweed> ok, that wasn't carried, let's go for ubuntukylin-dev

 19:39 <tumbleweed> #vote should happyaron be granted membership of ubuntukylin-dev?

 19:39 <meetingology> Please vote on: should happyaron be granted membership of ubuntukylin-dev?

 19:39 <meetingology> Public votes can be registered by saying +1, +0 or -1 in channel, (private votes don't work yet, but when they do it will be by messaging the channel followed by +1/-1/+0 to me)

 19:39 <tumbleweed> +1

 19:39 <meetingology> +1 received from tumbleweed

 19:39 <stgraber> +1

 19:39 <meetingology> +1 received from stgraber

 19:39 <barry> +1

 19:39 <meetingology> +1 received from barry

 19:39 <micahg-work> +1

 19:39 <meetingology> +1 received from micahg-work

 19:39 <ScottK> +1+1

 19:39 <meetingology> +1+1 received from ScottK

 19:39 <tumbleweed> heh

 19:39 <tumbleweed> #endvote

 19:39 <meetingology> Voting ended on: should happyaron be granted membership of ubuntukylin-dev?

 19:39 <meetingology> Votes for:5 Votes against:0 Abstentions:0

 19:39 <meetingology> Motion carried

 19:40 <tumbleweed> happyaron: congratulations, I hope that gives you what you need

 19:40 <happyaron> thank you

 19:40 <tumbleweed> and with luck, we'll see you back for core-dev in the future

 19:40 <happyaron> tumbleweed: will come back when I got more archive wide activity, :)

 19:40 <barry> happyaron: we look forward to it!

 19:40 <happyaron> :-)

 19:40 <ScottK> There's also ubuntu-desktop too.

 19:41 <micahg-work> and MOTU

 19:41 <tumbleweed> #topic any other business?

 19:41 <tumbleweed> I guess not

 19:42 <tumbleweed> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)