#title #ubuntu-meeting Meeting

Meeting started by slangasek at 16:03:46 UTC.  The full logs are
available at
http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2013/ubuntu-meeting.2013-02-13-16.03.log.html
.



== Meeting summary ==

 *Lightning round
''LINK:'' http://ubuntuone.com/6Vnd5a9kML8WsHH6GvBoYP   (xnox, 16:28:12)

 *Bugs
''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-r-tracking-bug-tasks.html   (bdmurray, 16:30:37)

 *AOB
''LINK:'' http://www.huffingtonpost.co.uk/2013/02/11/baby-mauled-by-fox-bromley-hospital_n_2660061.html   (slangasek, 16:43:49)



Meeting ended at 16:45:48 UTC.



== Votes ==




== Action items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * slangasek (49)
 * stgraber (30)
 * ogra_ (28)
 * bdmurray (26)
 * xnox (24)
 * ubottu (19)
 * jodh (17)
 * barry (15)
 * cjwatson (13)
 * doko (8)
 * meetingology (3)



== Full Log ==


 16:03:46 <slangasek> #startmeeting

 16:03:46 <meetingology> Meeting started Wed Feb 13 16:03:46 2013 UTC.  The chair is slangasek. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:03:46 <meetingology> 

 16:03:46 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 16:04:54 * stgraber waves

 16:05:03 <slangasek> [TOPIC] Lightning round

 16:08:30 <ogra_> hello ?

 16:08:47 <slangasek> $ echo $(shuf -e barry doko stgraber jodh ev bdmurray slangasek ogra cjwatson xnox stokachu)

 16:08:47 <slangasek> ev xnox stokachu stgraber barry doko cjwatson bdmurray jodh slangasek ogra

 16:08:47 <slangasek> and no ev today, so xnox:

 16:08:47 <slangasek> xnox:

 16:08:47 <slangasek> is my network broken again? :)

 16:09:02 <xnox> * fix fai with mdadm bug #1008250

 16:09:02 <xnox> * Path pilot tuesday

 16:09:02 <xnox> * Uploaded lvm2 sru for precise bug #833368

 16:09:02 <xnox> * Uploaded new release of btrfs-tools

 16:09:02 <xnox> * Work with U1 team on ubiquity design changes / plugins

 16:09:02 <xnox> * Completing mdadm merge & plymouth integration

 16:09:03 <ubottu> bug 1008250 in fai (Ubuntu Quantal) "removed mdadm-startall is still used in fai-setup-storage" [Medium,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1008250

 16:09:04 <xnox> - btw plymouth ubuntu-logo theme is missing ask-question callbacks

 16:09:05 <ubottu> bug 833368 in lvm2 (Ubuntu Precise) "clustered lvm commands fail with "activation/monitoring=0 is incompatible with clustered Volume Group" error" [High,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/833368

 16:09:06 <xnox> fixing that (patch was proposed on lp by community)

 16:09:08 <xnox> * Postponed a few specs / WI (ubiquity raid work, wubi, swiftmirror)

 16:09:10 <xnox> * Working on nexus7 & ubiquity bugs (disabling rotation, displaying background)

 16:09:12 <xnox> ..

 16:10:37 <stgraber> stokachu: around?

 16:11:26 <stgraber> alright, my turn then

 16:11:32 <stgraber> Feature work:

 16:11:32 <stgraber> - Upstart (BLUEPRINT: foundations-r-upstart-user-session-enhancements)

 16:11:32 <stgraber> - Prepare a first build including the user session changes.

 16:11:32 <stgraber> - Found a gcc bug which was tracked down by doko, still working on the details.

 16:11:35 <stgraber> - Should have a refreshed package later today.

 16:11:38 <stgraber> - Container (BLUEPRINT: servercloud-r-lxc)

 16:11:40 <stgraber> - A few more reviews.

 16:11:43 <stgraber> - Tested and sent pull request for 0.9~alpha3

 16:11:45 <stgraber> - Started preparing the packaging for 0.9~alpha3 in raring.

 16:11:48 <stgraber> - Networking (BLUEPRINT: foundations-r-networking)

 16:11:50 <stgraber> - Still waiting on test results for the infiniband support, no other progress there.

 16:11:53 <stgraber> - Opened an RT ticket to get update on IPv6 support in the DC.

 16:11:56 <stgraber> - Asked for two extra test SIM cards for dual-stack 3G networking.

 16:11:58 <stgraber> Other work:

 16:12:01 <stgraber> - Networking

 16:12:03 <stgraber> - Spent quite a bit of time getting Ofono to work with NetworkManager, slowly getting there.

 16:12:06 <stgraber> (glib + gobject + dbus in NM can be the source of rather bad headaches...)

 16:12:09 <stgraber> - QATracker

 16:12:12 <stgraber> - Prepare for 12.04.2 and alpha-2, looked into a bug I'll need to fix pretty soon (related to testcase and testsuite deprecation).

 16:12:15 <stgraber> - UEFI

 16:12:17 <stgraber> - Tested precise UEFI desktop, all looked good.

 16:12:20 <stgraber> - Bricked my laptop yesterday after a kernel panic ... waiting for replacement (looks like it may be some corrupted/full nvram issue as the panic is stored in nvram nowadays)

 16:12:24 <stgraber> TODO:

 16:12:26 <stgraber> - Prepare an update upstart test package.

 16:12:29 <stgraber> - Continue the ofono/NM work.

 16:12:31 <stgraber> - Try to finish any LXC feature work for this cycle (1 item left).

 16:12:34 <stgraber> (DONE)

 16:13:07 <barry> bug 1112496; bug 1077092; bug 1077087; filed bug 1118815; looked at bug 1103024

 16:13:18 <ubottu> bug 1112496 in python-imaging (Ubuntu Raring) "python-imaging broken in raring" [High,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1112496

 16:13:19 <ubottu> bug 1077092 in Ubuntu One storage protocol "Switch from python-oauth to python-oauthlib" [Undecided,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1077092

 16:13:20 <ubottu> bug 1077087 in Ubuntu Single Sign On Client "Switch from python-oauth to python-oauthlib" [Undecided,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1077087

 16:13:22 <ubottu> bug 1118815 in MAAS "Remove python-oauth from the archive" [Low,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1118815

 16:13:23 <ubottu> bug 1103024 in apturl (Ubuntu) "apturl-gtk crashed with TypeError in _on_finished(): 5 parameters needed for signal action-done; 3 given" [Medium,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1103024

 16:13:50 <barry> btw, 1118815 has lots of bug tasks for everything in the archive still dep'ing python-oauth

 16:13:53 <slangasek> xnox: yeah, saw the ask-question escalation; I should be able to get that implemented this week

 16:14:00 <barry> foundations-r-python3-oauth: done (finally!) though my status page seems to not agree (possibly because of the linked new bugs?)

 16:14:03 <slangasek> xnox: although, shouldn't this be a yes/no question?

 16:14:07 <barry> foundations-r-python33: done

 16:14:41 <barry> foundations-r-python-versions: ongoing of course, but good progress on work items.  seeing if i can reboot the xapian port effort since it's now blocking s-i and s-c.  dealing with upstream trunk build issues :(  filed bug 1124208 to track hplip port.

 16:14:43 <ubottu> bug 1124208 in HPLIP "Port to Python 3" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1124208

 16:14:48 <barry> done

 16:15:37 <doko> - next round of openjdk security updates (and the next ones announced for Feb 19 ...)

 16:15:37 <doko> - GCC update, which introduced the following issue ...

 16:15:37 <doko> - track down a GCC issue (LP: #1123588), still needs a test case, help needed.

 16:15:37 <doko> - icedtea-web update for 12.04.

 16:15:37 <doko> - some syncs and merges

 16:15:41 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1123588 in gcc " [4.7 Regression] wrong code with the fix for PR53844" [Medium,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1123588

 16:16:07 <xnox> barry: s-i as in ....?

 16:16:15 <barry> xnox: s-i == session-installer

 16:16:19 <xnox> ack.

 16:16:20 <doko> (done)

 16:16:26 <cjwatson> Mostly still working on 12.04.2.  Nearly done but there are a few remaining glitches to sort out and a batch of respins (see #ubuntu-release).

 16:16:28 <cjwatson> phased-updates: Sorted out review comments on https://code.launchpad.net/~cjwatson/launchpad/bpph-phase/+merge/144154 and pushed up a set of changes for re-review.

 16:16:30 <ogra_> barry, thats a bashism !

 16:16:31 <cjwatson> Future release planning.

 16:16:34 <cjwatson> Learned how to update *-cross-toolchain-base (sort of), and did so for eglibc 2.17.

 16:16:37 <cjwatson> Various other cross-building fixes, including multiarching check.

 16:16:40 <cjwatson> Fixed lots of bugs involving outdated config.guess/config.sub and the like.

 16:16:43 <cjwatson> ..

 16:16:48 <xnox> ogra_: it's pythonic

 16:16:53 <ogra_> pfft

 16:16:55 <barry> :)

 16:17:06 <bdmurray> Work items I'm working on:

 16:17:11 <xnox> ogra_: also \!

 16:17:17 <bdmurray> create and update a BucketSystems column family to keep track of unique systems in a bucket: INPROGRESS

 16:17:29 <bdmurray> Import developer to package and developer to team mappings and filter the default view on errors.ubuntu.com to problems the developer and their team are responsible for: INPROGRESS

 16:17:41 <bdmurray> auto comment on bugs needing verification (indicate that it needs to happen in the next 15 days) at some interval (3 months): INPROGRESS

 16:17:58 <bdmurray> other work

 16:18:07 <slangasek> barry: linked new bugs will be reported as WIs, yes :)  Do we need to postpone those?

 16:18:15 <barry> slangasek: yes

 16:18:21 <bdmurray> in daisy renamed user_token system_token as it is specific for each system not each user

 16:18:24 <bdmurray> research into next steps with bucketsystems branch

 16:18:27 <cjwatson> bdmurray: sorry you're still blocked on me for phased-updates - the review feedback turned out to be a bit complex ...

 16:18:27 <bdmurray> modified bucketsystems code by moving some of it to oopsrepository

 16:18:29 <bdmurray> created oops-repository merge proposal

 16:18:32 <bdmurray> created daisy merge proposal for bucketsystems work

 16:18:34 <bdmurray> updated oops-repository merge proposal per evan's feedback

 16:18:37 <bdmurray> fixed get_subscribed_packages in errors to fetch more than 75 results

 16:18:39 <barry> slangasek: though i hate to postpone the bugs but i guess if we get volunteers they can tweak the statuses

 16:18:40 <bdmurray> research into first_version appearing in first couple of columns of bucketversions CF

 16:18:42 <bdmurray> created and tested a cassandra column family for caching the package to team mapping

 16:18:45 <bdmurray> submitted errors branch that utilizes userbinarypackages cf

 16:18:48 <bdmurray> submitted daisy branch that creates and populates userbinarypackages cf

 16:18:50 <bdmurray> research into quantity of bugs tagged regression-update

 16:18:53 <bdmurray> review of teams mapped to packages in the package to team mapping spreadsheet

 16:18:56 <bdmurray> wrote a tool to compare launchpad user package subscriptions to the package to team mapping spreadsheet

 16:18:58 <slangasek> indeed we can

 16:18:59 <bdmurray> google hangout with western oregon university students re bug triage

 16:19:15 <bdmurray> cjwatson: no problem ev is working on some changes to the database that will modify some of my work too (for the better though)

 16:19:25 <bdmurray> ‚Äº done

 16:19:34 <jodh> * blueprints

 16:19:35 <jodh> - foundations-r-upstart-user-session-enhancements:

 16:19:35 <jodh> - lp:~jamesodhunt/upstart/upstart-shutdown:

 16:19:35 <jodh> - Raised MP for mail code.

 16:19:38 <jodh> - Wrote test code (currently debugging a failure in an existing

 16:19:41 <jodh> test triggered by new test code).

 16:19:44 <jodh> - Reviewed and merged lp:~stgraber/upstart/upstart-user-cwd

 16:19:47 <jodh> - Wrote lp:~jamesodhunt/upstart/init--inherit-env (merged).

 16:19:51 <jodh> - foundations-r-upstart-roadmap: no progress

 16:19:54 <jodh> - foundations-r-arm-ubiquity: no progress

 16:19:57 <jodh> * misc

 16:20:00 <jodh> - bug 1120660: Fixed, tested, identified work-around and raised

 16:20:02 <ubottu> bug 1120660 in upstart (Ubuntu) "Kernel Panic when running 'sudo dpkg --configure -a' ?" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1120660

 16:20:03 <jodh> upstream MP on lp:~jamesodhunt/upstart/bug-1120660

 16:20:07 <jodh> - bug 1123588: helping to investigate.

 16:20:08 <ubottu> bug 1123588 in gcc " [4.7 Regression] wrong code with the fix for PR53844" [Medium,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1123588

 16:20:10 <jodh> êíé

 16:20:10 <jodh> 

 16:20:58 <slangasek> jodh: "mail code"?

 16:21:52 <jodh> slangasek: 's/for mail code//' :)

 16:21:57 <slangasek> ok :)

 16:22:17 <slangasek> * ovmf package uploaded; in raring and Debian NEW queue

 16:22:18 <slangasek> * ubuntukylin theme package sponsored and waiting in NEW

 16:22:18 <slangasek> * updated pam package at cjwatson's prompting (fixes aarch64, etc); follow-on sponsor uploads of lightdm, gdm

 16:22:20 <slangasek> * sponsorship review of openwsman update for smb

 16:22:23 <slangasek> * upstart branch reviews

 16:22:25 <slangasek> * fix bug #1115875 on the initramfs-tools side - running ldd on firmware is silly

 16:22:27 <ubottu> bug 1115875 in initramfs-tools (Ubuntu) "ld-2.17.so crashed with SIGSEGV in <unavailable> in ??()" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1115875

 16:22:28 <slangasek> * todo: systemd package upload this week, in advance of the desktop team's sprint next week

 16:22:31 <slangasek> (done)

 16:22:43 <ogra_> done:

 16:22:43 <ogra_> * thanks to infinity for giving us a dedicated nexus7 builder ! (no more hunting down broken image builders for me atm)

 16:22:43 <ogra_> * helped to fix bugs caused by rotation code moving into gnome-settings-daemon (old conffiles were not deleted etc)

 16:22:43 <ogra_> * worked a bit on xz compression testing

 16:22:44 <ogra_> * workitem cleanup

 16:22:46 <ogra_> * lots of vet. visits (both cats are better nstead of bzr we all get letters now now !)

 16:22:50 <ogra_> todo:

 16:22:52 <ogra_> * finish xz compression for nexus7 images

 16:22:54 <ogra_> * plymouth in initrd

 16:22:56 <ogra_> * look at enabling flavour builds of nx7 images now that we have a dedicated builder

 16:22:58 <ogra_> * research the installer focus breakage with compiz (probably another incarnation of bug 1068994 ... though i heard similar reports from panda users by now)

 16:22:59 <ubottu> bug 1068994 in ubuntu-nexus7 "button1 gets stuck after a while" [Critical,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1068994

 16:23:01 <ogra_> * get the android 4.2.2 kernel changes into our nx7 kernel

 16:23:03 <ogra_> done

 16:26:21 * xnox is attached by a fox through a balcony door - luckily it seems to be scared of camera flash.

 16:26:29 <xnox> s/attached/attacked/

 16:26:38 <slangasek> you have a fox on your... balcony?

 16:26:44 <xnox> yes.

 16:26:56 <ogra_> heh, nice, i could send you some of my nightly raccoons from here to help you fight him

 16:27:02 <slangasek> is this like the Pacific Northwest tree octopus?

 16:27:30 <slangasek> any questions for anyone on the above?

 16:27:46 <ogra_> yes, why is my focus so broken on 12.04

 16:28:07 <ogra_> * lots of vet. visits (both cats are better nstead of bzr we all get letters now now !) was supposed to read * lots of vet. visits (both cats are better !)

 16:28:12 <xnox> http://ubuntuone.com/6Vnd5a9kML8WsHH6GvBoYP

 16:28:41 <barry> xnox: is that a robofox?

 16:28:47 <ogra_> doesnt look like it wants to attack you though

 16:29:09 <slangasek> barry: that would explain the battery, wouldn't it

 16:29:15 <ogra_> more like "i want to sleep on that warm carpet over there"

 16:29:32 * xnox the battery is unrelated (house mate recharging replacement car battery)

 16:29:39 <barry> slangasek: exactly.  i think xnox just wanted to show off his latest 3d print makerbot effort

 16:29:49 <slangasek> xnox: I like our theory better

 16:29:52 <slangasek> [TOPIC] Bugs

 16:30:03 <slangasek> bdmurray: what news?

 16:30:13 * xnox note that there reported multiple attacks by foxes recently in and around london

 16:30:33 <bdmurray> the rls-r-tracking list is rather lengthy

 16:30:37 <bdmurray> http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-r-tracking-bug-tasks.html

 16:31:04 <ogra_> xnox, you think they are already trained to look cute until they attack ?

 16:31:42 <slangasek> can everyone here go through that report today (after the meeting is fine) and review the rls-r-tracking bugs that are assigned to them, and see if there are any that should be un-targeted?

 16:32:26 <slangasek> and we should probably dole out the unassigned ones

 16:32:36 <slangasek> xnox: is bug #1080437 on you?

 16:32:38 <ubottu> bug 1080437 in ubiquity (Ubuntu Raring) "no background during the 13.04 daily install" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1080437

 16:32:53 <xnox> slangasek: yes.

 16:33:44 <slangasek> xnox: do you have a handle on how to fix it?

 16:33:46 <cjwatson> I'll take bug 664526, which I rather suspect is user error somehow but at least needs a test run

 16:33:48 <ubottu> bug 664526 in ubiquity (Ubuntu Raring) "setting nomodeset in grub, if live session was started with nomodeset" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/664526

 16:34:05 <ogra_> slangasek, there are multiple

 16:34:15 <ogra_> (and thats the prob i think)

 16:34:28 <cjwatson> I can also take bug 1112472

 16:34:30 <ubottu> bug 1112472 in apt-clone (Ubuntu Raring) "dep8 test failed because test data is too old" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1112472

 16:34:31 <slangasek> well, I guess we should only fix it one way though :)

 16:34:47 <ogra_> compiz wallpaper plugin, gnome-settings-daemon wallapaer plugin ... and there is old code in ubiquity itself iirc

 16:34:48 <slangasek> bug #1097922 is odd.  barry, doko, can one of you take this?

 16:34:49 <ubottu> bug 1097922 in newt (Ubuntu Raring) "byobu-config crashed with ImportError in /usr/lib/python2.7/dist-packages/snack.py: /usr/lib/python2.7/dist-packages/_snack.so: undefined symbol: _Py_RefTotal" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1097922

 16:34:49 <xnox> slangasek: latest plan agreed on #-desktop is to reuse g-s-d background plugin code in the ubiquity's wallpaper app as it is proven to work.

 16:35:17 <barry> slangasek: sure

 16:35:32 <doko> hmm, built for the dbg interpreter?

 16:35:40 <barry> doko: sounds like it

 16:36:41 <slangasek> barry: thanks

 16:37:10 <slangasek> cjwatson: any progress on bug #1097113?

 16:37:11 <ubottu> bug 1097113 in ubiquity (Ubuntu Raring) "skip timezone selection" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1097113

 16:37:34 <cjwatson> not as yet, sorry, I'll reviw

 16:37:36 <cjwatson> +e

 16:37:39 <slangasek> oh, bug #1095887 should be fixed now

 16:37:41 <ubottu> bug 1095887 in pam (Ubuntu Raring) "package libpam-modules 1.1.3-7ubuntu4 failed to install/upgrade: trying to overwrite shared '/usr/share/man/man8/pam_group.8.gz', which is different from other instances of package libpam-modules:i386" [High,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1095887

 16:37:43 <cjwatson> but need to finish .2 first

 16:37:43 <slangasek> cjwatson: cheers

 16:37:47 * slangasek nods

 16:38:28 * xnox has still 2 merge proposals for kylin.

 16:38:37 <slangasek> bdmurray: do you think that puts enough of a dent in it for this week?

 16:39:10 <bdmurray> slangasek: yes, I do

 16:40:26 <slangasek> ok, great

 16:40:47 <slangasek> [TOPIC] AOB

 16:41:06 <bdmurray> Next Monday is a US Holiday, but I'm taking this Friday off

 16:42:45 <slangasek> anything else?

 16:42:56 <slangasek> (I'll be off next Monday fwiw)

 16:43:25 * barry too

 16:43:40 * ogra_ wont

 16:43:42 <ogra_> :(

 16:43:49 <slangasek> http://www.huffingtonpost.co.uk/2013/02/11/baby-mauled-by-fox-bromley-hospital_n_2660061.html

 16:44:38 <slangasek> xnox: so I guess you shouldn't let the fox inside

 16:45:01 <slangasek> ogra_: yeah but I'm sure you have National Beer Day or something coming up soon enough ;)

 16:45:02 <doko> xfox?

 16:45:12 <ogra_> haha, yeah

 16:45:46 <slangasek> heh

 16:45:48 <slangasek> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)