#title #ubuntu-meeting: IRC Council

Meeting started by AlanBell at 20:00:38 UTC.  The full logs are
available at
http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2013/ubuntu-meeting.2013-01-31-20.00.log.html
.



== Meeting summary ==

''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/IRC/IrcCouncil/MeetingAgenda   (AlanBell, 20:01:45)
 *Review last meetings action items
''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/MeetingLogs/IRCC/20121125   (AlanBell, 20:03:09)

 *Open items in the IRCC tracker

 *Review Bugs related to the Ubuntu IRC Council

 *Any Other Business



Meeting ended at 22:03:01 UTC.



== Votes ==




== Action items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * AlanBell (36)
 * Pici (25)
 * tumbleweed (3)
 * meetingology (3)
 * Unit193 (3)
 * Myrtti (1)



== Full Log ==


 20:00:38 <AlanBell> #startmeeting IRC Council

 20:00:38 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Jan 31 20:00:38 2013 UTC.  The chair is AlanBell. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 20:00:38 <meetingology> 

 20:00:38 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 20:00:45 <Pici> aloha

 20:00:53 <AlanBell> hi Pici

 20:01:32 <AlanBell> I think the others will join at some point

 20:01:45 <AlanBell> https://wiki.ubuntu.com/IRC/IrcCouncil/MeetingAgenda

 20:02:29 <AlanBell> but lets carry on and tick off some bits

 20:02:37 <AlanBell> #topic Review last meetings action items

 20:02:55 <Pici> I'm not sure I remember when our last meeting was...

 20:03:01 <AlanBell> last meeting was some time ago, end of November

 20:03:09 <AlanBell> https://wiki.ubuntu.com/MeetingLogs/IRCC/20121125

 20:03:19 <AlanBell> christmas happened

 20:03:28 <Pici> oh hey, I was there.

 20:03:35 <AlanBell> and this is a slightly drifted january meeting

 20:03:46 <Pici> Its still January here.

 20:03:51 <AlanBell> it is :)

 20:04:05 <AlanBell> so we sorted out the issue that was in the tracker

 20:04:08 <Pici> so... lets see, what did we do last time

 20:04:11 <AlanBell> we pruned the akick lists

 20:04:48 <AlanBell> m4v membership was postponed, but we can sort that out in a bit when topyli and tm_t have sorted their stuff out

 20:05:07 <Pici> hmm hmm

 20:05:08 <AlanBell> and me to sort out list of operator applicants for next meeting. . .

 20:05:14 <Pici> Do we have mor?

 20:05:15 <Pici> e

 20:05:16 <AlanBell> why was I going to do that I wonder

 20:05:36 <Pici> It wasn't my turn to read your thoughts, sorry.

 20:06:07 <AlanBell> I think we did all that

 20:06:33 <Pici> I think we might have a pending item in the tracker...

 20:06:47 <AlanBell> yes, just seen that

 20:07:32 <AlanBell> ok, that last action item was sorted out, it was the last round of operators where we rejected all bar k1l

 20:07:53 <AlanBell> there are no applicants in the queues right now

 20:08:04 <Pici> Good, good.

 20:08:08 <Pici> Er, I think.

 20:08:14 <Pici> I mean, its good that nothing is pending.

 20:09:21 <AlanBell> good that we did all the actions on the last minutes :)

 20:09:44 <AlanBell> #topic Open items in the IRCC tracker

 20:09:47 <AlanBell> there is one

 20:10:09 <Pici> I didn't think it had a pending ban associated with it, just a kick?

 20:10:14 <Pici> or am I misremembering?

 20:11:27 <Pici> Yeah, thats what it looks like.

 20:13:48 <AlanBell> yes, just a kick

 20:14:25 <AlanBell> ok, well we can reply and close that ticket easily enough then

 20:14:41 <Pici> Yeppers

 20:14:49 <AlanBell> #topic Review Bugs related to the Ubuntu IRC Council

 20:14:59 <AlanBell> not got any \o/

 20:15:03 <Pici> woo

 20:15:25 <AlanBell> lets do AOB next

 20:15:30 <AlanBell> #topic Any Other Business

 20:15:43 <AlanBell> does anyone have any thoughts or issues they want to raise?

 20:15:49 <Pici> Is anyone else here?

 20:15:57 <Unit193> Nope.

 20:16:35 * Pici rolls around like a tumbleweed.

 20:16:43 * tumbleweed waves to Pici

 20:16:54 <Pici> oops

 20:16:59 <tumbleweed> :)

 20:18:14 <AlanBell> :)

 20:18:54 * tumbleweed has that effect on the channels I hang out in

 20:21:11 <Pici> sooo

 20:21:37 <Myrtti> yes.

 20:21:39 <Unit193> Bummer, I had hoped someone would get membership. :/

 20:22:14 * AlanBell wonders if m4v is around

 20:27:03 <Pici> AlanBell: do we even have quorum if he did show up?

 20:27:21 <AlanBell> if topyli and tm_t turn up

 20:27:59 <AlanBell> they said they would be later rather than earlier

 20:29:25 <Pici> okay.

 20:29:40 <Pici> I'm fine with just hanging out until then

 20:29:48 <Unit193> AlanBell: Anything new in the IRC bugs?  Bots bugs?

 20:30:41 <AlanBell> none assigned to the council as such

 22:03:01 <AlanBell> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)