== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 01 Dec at 20:07 &mdash; 20:28 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2013/ubuntu-meeting.2013-12-01-20.07.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Discourse and LoCo forums ===
The discussion about "Discourse and LoCo forums" started at 20:08.

  * elfy to liase with LoCo Council as required

=== Restarting Unanswered Threads team ===
The discussion about "Restarting Unanswered Threads team" started at 20:15.

  * ''Vote:'' Reopen Unanswered Threads forum, move forum to a suitable home, give caboose885 sub forum mod status (Carried)

=== Fixed Agenda items ===
The discussion about "Fixed Agenda items" started at 20:21.

  * Iowan to create monthly report
  * ''Vote:'' Set next meeting for 5th Jan @ 20:00UTC (Carried)
  * caboose885 to come to next meeting to followup on first month of UA team reboot



== Vote results ==

 * Reopen Unanswered Threads forum, move forum to a suitable home, give caboose885 sub forum mod status
  * Motion carried (For/Against/Abstained 5/0/0)
 * Set next meeting for 5th Jan @ 20:00UTC
  * Motion carried (For/Against/Abstained 5/0/0)



== Action items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * elfy (48)
 * meetingology (26)
 * Iowan (16)
 * cariboo907 (14)
 * caboose885 (10)
 * sefsef (9)
 * coffeecat (7)



== Full Log ==


 20:07 <elfy> #startmeeting

 20:07 <meetingology> Meeting started Sun Dec  1 20:07:01 2013 UTC.  The chair is elfy. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 20:07 <meetingology> 

 20:07 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 20:07 <elfy> #chair elfy cariboo907 coffeecat Iowan sefsef

 20:07 <meetingology> Current chairs: Iowan cariboo907 coffeecat elfy sefsef

 20:07 <Iowan> HEY!

 20:08 <elfy> there's probably a command for agenda - but I don't know it - so agenda is at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ForumCouncilAgenda

 20:08 <elfy> #topic Discourse and LoCo forums

 20:08 <elfy> so - basically this is just a catch up unless anyone's got anything to say

 20:08 <cariboo907> THings seem to be going pretty well with the changeover

 20:09 <sefsef> i agree cariboo

 20:09 <elfy> discourse has gone to prod - some categories are up and live

 20:09 <elfy> where I've been in contact with the LoCo point of contact I've gone ahead and closed forum area

 20:10 <elfy> you've all seen I hope the mails I sent - the only thing that I'm concerned with is making sure that the actual LoCo contact is the one aasking

 20:10 <elfy> if no-one's got any objections to that I'll carry on driving that for us

 20:10 <Iowan> no objections here

 20:11 <sefsef> no objections either

 20:11 <cariboo907> Can we get the loco council to make sure that the contact has the right credentials before they ask?

 20:11 <Iowan> vote it  if you wish

 20:11 <elfy> cariboo907: I don't see any reason why we can't

 20:11 <elfy> I'm in contact with one of them via xubuntu

 20:12 <elfy> Iowan: not sure there's anything we need to vote on here :)

 20:12 <cariboo907> that would make it a bit easier for us, so you or one of us doesn't have to go looking to see who they are

 20:12 <Iowan> (ine w/ me!)

 20:12 <Iowan> *Fine

 20:13 <elfy> ok

 20:13 <elfy> #info elfy to liase with LoCo Council as required

 20:13 <cariboo907> Iowan,  if you want to vote, the command is # vote without the space

 20:13 <cariboo907> then the subject :)

 20:14 <elfy> ok - any objections to moving on?

 20:14 <Iowan> none here.

 20:14 <cariboo907> nope, I need to get to bed soon :)

 20:14 <sefsef> none

 20:14 <coffeecat> no

 20:15 <elfy> #topic Restarting Unanswered Threads team

 20:15 <elfy> caboose885: ok - floor's yours now - you can assume that we've seen the information you put there for us

 20:15 <cariboo907> I think it's a great idea

 20:16 <elfy> what do you need from us?

 20:16 <elfy> caboose885: ping ;)

 20:16 <caboose885> I would ned UA subforum reopened and most likely moderator control of the area

 20:16 <elfy> ok

 20:17 <caboose885> I also would like to have OP to the IRC channel

 20:17 <elfy> and we can leave you to get on with it and just call if we're needed for anything?

 20:17 <caboose885> correct

 20:17 <elfy> well IRC is nothing to do with us, though I still appear to have voice in the channel and possibly op status - we can look at that later

 20:18 <caboose885> I will be as independent as possible but I will reach out for help if I need it

 20:18 <elfy> right

 20:18 <caboose885> IRC is probably lowest priority right now

 20:18 <elfy> well I for one think it's a great idea as well

 20:18 <caboose885> I think the main areas will be the wiki and forum

 20:19 <elfy> #voters elfy cariboo907 coffeecat Iowan sefsef

 20:19 <meetingology> Current voters: Iowan cariboo907 coffeecat elfy sefsef

 20:19 <cariboo907> +1

 20:19 <Iowan> +1

 20:19 <coffeecat> +1

 20:19 <elfy> lol

 20:19 <caboose885> I don't really have anything else to add, assuming everone has been keeping up with the thread and my PDF

 20:19 <sefsef> +1

 20:19 <caboose885> :)

 20:20 <elfy> #vote Reopen Unanswered Threads forum, move forum to a suitable home, give caboose885 sub forum mod status

 20:20 <meetingology> Please vote on: Reopen Unanswered Threads forum, move forum to a suitable home, give caboose885 sub forum mod status

 20:20 <meetingology> Public votes can be registered by saying +1, +0 or -1 in channel, (private votes don't work yet, but when they do it will be by messaging the channel followed by +1/-1/+0 to me)

 20:20 <cariboo907> +1

 20:20 <meetingology> +1 received from cariboo907

 20:20 <Iowan> +1

 20:20 <meetingology> +1 received from Iowan

 20:20 <elfy> ok - now we've got something to vote on we can vote :)

 20:20 <coffeecat> +1

 20:20 <meetingology> +1 received from coffeecat

 20:20 <elfy> +1

 20:20 <meetingology> +1 received from elfy

 20:20 <sefsef> +1

 20:20 <meetingology> +1 received from sefsef

 20:20 <elfy> #endvote

 20:20 <meetingology> Voting ended on: Reopen Unanswered Threads forum, move forum to a suitable home, give caboose885 sub forum mod status

 20:20 <meetingology> Votes for:5 Votes against:0 Abstentions:0

 20:20 <meetingology> Motion carried

 20:20 <elfy> ok so thats done

 20:20 <caboose885> \o/

 20:21 <elfy> #topic Fixed Agenda items

 20:21 <elfy> shall we do this now - or shall we just sort them out as we normally do?

 20:22 <Iowan> sort - (or assign s.fox)

 20:22 <elfy> :)

 20:22 <sefsef> sort

 20:22 <coffeecat> :)

 20:22 <cariboo907> about the only thing that needs to be looked after is the monthly report

 20:22 <elfy> ok team report - any takers for that

 20:22 <Iowan> well...

 20:23 <elfy> is that a yea I'll do it :p

 20:23 <Iowan> been awhile since I (messed it up)

 20:23 <Iowan> so... yeah

 20:23 <Iowan> I'll try it again.

 20:23 <elfy> #info Iowan to create monthly report

 20:24 <elfy> what about next meeting - shall we set it now? maybe 5th Jan - we can always undo it later if necessary

 20:24 <sefsef> sure

 20:24 <coffeecat> +1

 20:24 <cariboo907> sounds good to me

 20:24 <Iowan> OK here (so far)

 20:25 <elfy> #vote Set next meeting for 5th Jan @ 20:00UTC

 20:25 <meetingology> Please vote on: Set next meeting for 5th Jan @ 20:00UTC

 20:25 <meetingology> Public votes can be registered by saying +1, +0 or -1 in channel, (private votes don't work yet, but when they do it will be by messaging the channel followed by +1/-1/+0 to me)

 20:25 <elfy> +1

 20:25 <meetingology> +1 received from elfy

 20:25 <cariboo907> 1

 20:25 <Iowan> +1

 20:25 <meetingology> +1 received from Iowan

 20:25 <cariboo907> +1

 20:25 <meetingology> +1 received from cariboo907

 20:25 <coffeecat> +1

 20:25 <meetingology> +1 received from coffeecat

 20:25 <sefsef> +1

 20:25 <meetingology> +1 received from sefsef

 20:25 <elfy> #endvote

 20:25 <meetingology> Voting ended on: Set next meeting for 5th Jan @ 20:00UTC

 20:25 <meetingology> Votes for:5 Votes against:0 Abstentions:0

 20:25 <meetingology> Motion carried

 20:25 <elfy> ok - anything else from anyone?

 20:26 <caboose885> will you like a followup from me during that meeting?

 20:26 <elfy> good call

 20:26 <elfy> #info to come to next meeting to followup on first month of UA team reboot

 20:26 <elfy> #undo

 20:26 <meetingology> Removing item from minutes: <MeetBot.items.Info object at 0x1622890>

 20:27 <elfy> #info caboose885 to come to next meeting to followup on first month of UA team reboot

 20:27 <elfy> if there's nothing else I'll close the meeting

 20:27 <Iowan> nothing here

 20:28 <cariboo907> Yay, bedtime :)

 20:28 <coffeecat> nothing here either

 20:28 <sefsef> nope

 20:28 <elfy> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)