== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 01 Jul at 16:31 &mdash; 17:05 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2013/ubuntu-meeting.2013-07-01-16.31.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting 
=== Announcements ===
The discussion about "Announcements" started at 16:32.


=== Weekly stand-up report ===
The discussion about "Weekly stand-up report" started at 16:32.


=== Highlighted packages ===
The discussion about "Highlighted packages" started at 16:56.

  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/srtp.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/latd.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/ldns.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/rocksndiamonds.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/kolabd.html 

=== Miscellaneous and Questions ===
The discussion about "Miscellaneous and Questions" started at 16:57.




== Vote results ==




== Action items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * jdstrand (41)
 * sbeattie (12)
 * jjohansen (12)
 * sarnold (9)
 * chrisccoulson (9)
 * tyhicks (9)
 * meetingology (3)
 * ubottu (1)



== Full Log ==


 16:31 <jdstrand> #startmeeting

 16:31 <meetingology> Meeting started Mon Jul  1 16:31:12 2013 UTC.  The chair is jdstrand. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:31 <meetingology> 

 16:31 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 16:31 <jdstrand> The meeting agenda can be found at:

 16:31 <jdstrand> [LINK] https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting

 16:32 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Announcements

 16:32 <jdstrand> Stefan Bader (smb) provided debdiffs for precise-saucy for xen. Your work is very much appreciated and will keep Ubuntu users secure. Thanks! :)

 16:32 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Weekly stand-up report

 16:32 <jdstrand> I'll go first

 16:33 <jdstrand> I'm in the happy place this week, though I didn't really get to community last week

 16:33 <jdstrand> sarnold, can you hold off on community duties this week?

 16:33 <jdstrand> sarnold: feel free to respond to #ubuntu-hardened, but just not the current backlog. I'll get to it

 16:33 <jdstrand> worked a lot on the SDK last week. Need to upload the latest patchset to saucy, upstream the patchset and file a few bugs with the SDK team and coordinate with them before I handoff to sbeattie

 16:34 <jdstrand> I also need to coordinate with the team the work for this month

 16:34 <jdstrand> (ie, send the email)

 16:34 <jdstrand> I am working on lcms2 and openjdk-7 updates

 16:34 <jdstrand> and am patch piloting this week

 16:35 <sbeattie> jdstrand: did you upload the sdk patch set to the dbus-dev ppa?

 16:35 <jdstrand> sbeattie: a variation of it. I need to upload there too. basically, I did several uploads-- the ppa got an early one, then saucy got the others. I have one more for both

 16:36 <sbeattie> okay

 16:36 <jdstrand> sbeattie: mdes laur is off today. you're up

 16:37 <sbeattie> I'm focused on apparmor development again this week.

 16:38 <sbeattie> I'm sweeping through my email after having been on holiday for two weeks

 16:38 <sbeattie> I need to review what jdstrand did with the sdk patches and see what's next to work on there.

 16:39 <sbeattie> I also need to look at and respond to the ipc email jjohansen sent to the apparmor list

 16:39 * jjohansen feels sorry for sbeattie

 16:39 <sbeattie> That's all I can remember at the moment, I'm sure there's other things I need to do.

 16:39 <sbeattie> tyhicks: tag.

 16:39 <jdstrand> sbeattie: I can tell you right off the most important thing this month is the click apparmor hook

 16:39 <sbeattie> cool

 16:40 <jdstrand> a demo will be help at the end of the month for the higher ups, so we kinda need that :)

 16:40 <jdstrand> I imagine it will be quite straightforward

 16:40 <jdstrand> s/help/held

 16:41 <sbeattie> okay

 16:41 <tyhicks> I'll be active in the AA IPC email thread to help drive the syntax discussions to completion

 16:42 <tyhicks> I'm going to look into enabling ARM package building support in dbus-dev so that I can easily "measure unpatched and patched dbus performance on phablet image"

 16:42 <tyhicks> (I need to follow up w/ jjohansen to check on the phablet kernel backport status first)

 16:42 <jjohansen> tyhicks: new kernels are in all 4 images, and saucy

 16:42 <tyhicks> I'll be ready to help out with any online accounts questions regarding libapparmor APIs

 16:43 <tyhicks> thanks jjohansen

 16:43 <tyhicks> and I'll be ready to pick up the content manager work once the cli-based content manager is ready

 16:44 <tyhicks> also, the kernel merge window is now open, so I'll need to prepare a pull request and I have a couple other minor eCryptfs tasks to catch up on

 16:44 <tyhicks> I think that's it

 16:44 <tyhicks> jjohansen: you're up

 16:45 <jjohansen> so I have to finish up walking sarnold through the 2.8 release this week

 16:46 <jjohansen> and I have a couple of kernel issues to hunt down that have surfaced in the maguro phablet kernel

 16:46 <jjohansen> and then I'll doing apparmor dev

 16:47 <jjohansen> oh and I suppose tormenting people with IPC syntax emails

 16:47 <jjohansen> I think that is it from me

 16:47 <jjohansen> sarnold: your up

 16:47 <sbeattie> jjohansen: now that I'm back, would it make more sense for me to walk sarnold through the release?

 16:47 <jdstrand> jjohansen: so, it is just maguro, not the others?

 16:47 <jjohansen> sbeattie: it might

 16:48 <jdstrand> I think it would be great if sbeattie could help jjohansen in that way

 16:48 <sarnold> I'm on community this week; jdstrand has suggested he'll take over some of the duties from his week, but since I've already done one of the ruby-openid-ish updates from ckuerste, it'd be easy for me to take at least that one and make sure it looks a lot like the previous one...

 16:48 <jjohansen> jdstrand: yes they have only showed up in maguro. That doesn't mean they aren't in the others but ...

 16:48 <jdstrand> but I'll leave it up to you guys

 16:49 <jdstrand> jjohansen: that is interesting. quite a few people have mako and grouper fwiw

 16:49 <jdstrand> anyhoo, hopefully it will be easy to track down

 16:49 <sarnold> I also have some openssl packages with the site-wide compression disable patch in -proposed that I would like to distribute far and wide, and USN

 16:49 <jdstrand> sarnold: feelf ree to take ruby-openid-ish

 16:49 <jdstrand> sarnold: I just didn't want to stick you with the stuff I didn't do

 16:50 <sarnold> the tracking bug had less traffic than I hoped, but it was one guy saying the updated openssl let him pass his PCI-DSS audit for postfix, so hooray :)

 16:50 <sarnold> jdstrand: cool, thanks

 16:50 <jjohansen> jdstrand: yeah its a bit of a pain, but I have reproduced with the x86 version of the 3.0 backport so its not a problem

 16:50 <jjohansen> otherwise I would have been bugging you for a device

 16:51 <sarnold> I also had a few ACKs on outstanding patches on the apparmor mail list that I wanted to check into trunk and perhaps nominate for 2.8 before a 2.8.2 release

 16:51 <sbeattie> sarnold: note that cboltz merged one or two this morning.

 16:52 <sarnold> and the AppArmor IPC mails will likely consume the rest of my week; bouncycastle testing is again a bottom-priority task

 16:52 <sarnold> sbeattie: oh, cool :)

 16:52 <sarnold> I think that's it for me, chrisccoulson, your turn

 16:52 <chrisccoulson> hi :)

 16:52 <chrisccoulson> so, last week was a fun week of updates (firefox, thunderbird and chromium)

 16:53 <chrisccoulson> i'm currently looking at a crash in chromium, and there's going to be an update to fix a webapp-related issue as well

 16:53 <sarnold> (thank you :)

 16:54 <chrisccoulson> also, bug 1194841 (firefox), which i'll do another update for this week

 16:54 <ubottu> bug 1194841 in firefox (Ubuntu Raring) "Firefox 22 uses stale manual proxy settings when configured to use system proxy settings, and system proxy settings are set to "None"" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1194841

 16:54 <chrisccoulson> that one is pretty annoying, especially as it was known upstream, but their release team rejected including it for 22.0

 16:55 <chrisccoulson> then after that, it's back on to oxide hacking again :)

 16:55 <chrisccoulson> (there aren't any other planned updates this week)

 16:55 <chrisccoulson> i think that's me done

 16:55 <jdstrand> chrisccoulson: we should have that cross-team oxide meeting soon

 16:56 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Highlighted packages

 16:56 <jdstrand> The Ubuntu Security team will highlight some community-supported packages that might be good candidates for updating and or triaging. If you would like to help Ubuntu and not sure where to start, this is a great way to do so.

 16:56 <jdstrand> See https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/UpdateProcedures for details and if you have any questions, feel free to ask in #ubuntu-security. To find out other ways of helping out, please see https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/GettingInvolved.

 16:56 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/srtp.html

 16:56 <chrisccoulson> jdstrand, yeah, i agree (sorry, just went to grab a glass of water)

 16:56 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/latd.html

 16:56 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/ldns.html

 16:56 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/rocksndiamonds.html

 16:56 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/kolabd.html

 16:57 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Miscellaneous and Questions

 16:57 <jdstrand> Does anyone have any other questions or items to discuss?

 17:05 <jdstrand> sbeattie, tyhicks, jjohansen, sarnold, chrisccoulson: thanks!

 17:05 <jdstrand> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)