#title #ubuntu-meeting Meeting

Meeting started by slangasek at 15:01:17 UTC.  The full logs are
available at
http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2013/ubuntu-meeting.2013-04-17-15.01.log.html
.



== Meeting summary ==

 *lightning round

 *Bugs

 *AOB
''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/DevelopmentCodeNames#A13.10   (xnox, 15:31:53)
''ACTION:'' slangasek to follow up on codename for s opening  (slangasek, 15:34:53)



Meeting ended at 15:35:13 UTC.



== Votes ==




== Action items ==

 * slangasek to follow up on codename for s opening



== Action items, by person ==

 * slangasek
 ** slangasek to follow up on codename for s opening



== People present (lines said) ==

 * ev (123)
 * xnox (42)
 * slangasek (29)
 * ubottu (27)
 * cjwatson (26)
 * ogra_ (22)
 * bdmurray (19)
 * barry (14)
 * doko (12)
 * jodh (11)
 * stokachu (8)
 * meetingology (4)



== Full Log ==


 15:01:17 <slangasek> #startmeeting

 15:01:17 <meetingology> Meeting started Wed Apr 17 15:01:17 2013 UTC.  The chair is slangasek. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 15:01:17 <meetingology> 

 15:01:17 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 15:02:27 <slangasek> [TOPIC] lightning round

 15:02:29 <slangasek> $ echo $(shuf -e barry doko stgraber jodh ev bdmurray slangasek ogra cjwatson xnox stokachu)

 15:02:32 <slangasek> xnox stokachu doko bdmurray stgraber jodh ev barry slangasek ogra cjwatson

 15:02:49 * xnox win.

 15:03:21 <xnox> * commited symbols tracking for C++ touch stack for daily landing

 15:03:21 <xnox> https://code.launchpad.net/~xnox/platform-api/hybris-symbols/+merge/158878

 15:03:21 <xnox> https://code.launchpad.net/~xnox/qtubuntu-sensors/symbols/+merge/158884

 15:03:21 <xnox> dpkg-gensymbols "(c++)" tag is awesome

 15:03:21 <xnox> * Fully build pyqt4 against qt5 in a PPA:

 15:03:22 <xnox> Now needs a strategy for packages naming & coinstallability with

 15:03:24 <xnox> pyqt4 build against qt4. Both use same namespace.

 15:03:26 <xnox> * Forwarded ubuntu-one ubiquity plugin screenshots to design for

 15:03:28 <xnox> review (as per request from john lea)

 15:03:30 <xnox> * utah ISO image static validations fixes:

 15:03:32 <xnox> - merged lp:~xnox/utah/test-server-squashfs

 15:03:34 <xnox> - merged lp:~xnox/utah/wubi-is-in-raring

 15:03:36 <xnox> - merged lp:~xnox/qa-regression-testing/sb-make-pem-certs-1

 15:03:38 <xnox> - Figured out with jdstrand how to verify linux-signed-image

 15:03:40 <xnox> signatures, still todo write the utah checks for it. At the moment

 15:03:42 <xnox> have a branch that shim & grub efi boot images are present, that GPT

 15:03:44 <xnox> partition table exists & uefi boot images are present.

 15:03:46 <xnox> - lp:~xnox/ubuntu-test-cases/desktop merged & setup to automatically

 15:03:50 <xnox> test LVM2 daily desktop installs in jenkins

 15:03:52 <xnox> * openssl sru re-published

 15:03:54 <xnox> * Wrote a dh_acc addon to generate & compare api/abi library dumps

 15:03:56 <xnox> using abi-compliance-checker. Contacted tedg for early testing &

 15:03:58 <xnox> debian maintainers to include it in debian packaging.

 15:04:00 <xnox> * Merged wubi merge-proposals, planning to test quickly proposed changes in a VM.

 15:04:02 <xnox> ..

 15:04:04 <xnox> s/have a branch that/have a branch that checks/

 15:04:22 <stokachu> - no bugs on fire this week

 15:04:24 <stokachu> - looking for sponsor =) on http://bugs.debian.org/cgi-bin/bugreport.cgi?bug=705192

 15:04:25 <stokachu> - setup test ppa for OP on bug 1169740, waiting on feedback before posting SRU

 15:04:27 <stokachu> - i think bug 1094496 was somewhat verified but curious if I should wait for tester to re-test at their work environment where memory leak was seen. (re: #15)

 15:04:28 <stokachu> (done)

 15:04:30 <ubottu> Debian bug 705192 in sponsorship-requests "RFS: sosreport/2.3+git20130416-1 ITP" [Wishlist,Open]

 15:04:31 <ubottu> bug 1169740 in rsyslog (Ubuntu Raring) "rsyslog hangs loading modules" [Undecided,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1169740

 15:04:32 <ubottu> bug 1094496 in gnome-keyring (Ubuntu Precise) "gnome-keyring-daemon leaks memory" [High,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1094496

 15:04:58 * xnox also helped with a bug around pre-seeding grub-installer...

 15:06:11 <doko> - GCC 4.6.4 and 4.7.3 releases, backports to precise and lucid (well lucid wasn'

 15:06:11 <doko> t necessary)

 15:06:11 <doko> - autopkgtests for python2.7 and python3.3. submit upstream issues about tests f

 15:06:11 <doko> ailing in the installed test environment

 15:06:11 <doko> - icedtea-web update

 15:06:12 <doko> - buildd watch ... test rebuild is now finished after 16 days

 15:06:14 <doko> - fix some more build failures

 15:06:16 <doko> - look into build failures with updated ecj, fixed openjdk so far. don't think t

 15:06:18 <doko> hat I can fix the other three ones

 15:06:20 <doko> (done)

 15:06:40 <doko> and starting with openjdk security updates again ...

 15:07:13 <bdmurray> bug triage of ubiquity / upgrade bugs

 15:07:13 <bdmurray> escalation regarding th mirror - bug 1168299

 15:07:13 <bdmurray> searched for duplicates of bug 1163142

 15:07:13 <bdmurray> retested bug 1160441

 15:07:13 <bdmurray> research into bug 1058884

 15:07:17 <ubottu> bug 1168299 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu) "Can't upgrade to raring: libvisio download fails with Forbidden" [Undecided,Invalid] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1168299

 15:07:18 <ubottu> bug 1163142 in aptdaemon (Ubuntu) "Hangs when "preconfiguring packages" at the installation of a language" [High,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1163142

 15:07:20 <ubottu> bug 1160441 in ubiquity (Ubuntu Raring) "Calendar is still in English despite French is selected as the Language during the installation" [Medium,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1160441

 15:07:21 <ubottu> bug 1058884 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu) "do-release-upgrade crashed with EOFError in /usr/lib/ubuntu-release-upgrader/check-new-release: EOF read where not expected" [Low,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1058884

 15:07:27 <bdmurray> uploaded fix for release upgrader bug 1166346

 15:07:28 <bdmurray> uploaded fix for apport bug 1168126

 15:07:28 <bdmurray> setup error tracker in canonistack again

 15:07:28 <bdmurray> merge proposal for an errors api call for srcversionbuckets

 15:07:28 <bdmurray> worked on a branch to backfill the srcversionbuckets column family

 15:07:29 <ubottu> bug 1166346 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu) "do-release-upgrade 12.04 to 12.10 gives fatal error" [High,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1166346

 15:07:31 <ubottu> bug 1168126 in apport (Ubuntu) "ubiquity package hook sends too many bugs to grub-installer" [High,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1168126

 15:07:38 <bdmurray> code reviews for evan

 15:07:39 <bdmurray> SRU review of python-gnutls for P and Q

 15:07:39 <bdmurray> modified SRU report to show removal candidates

 15:07:39 <bdmurray> research into update-notifier's reboot notification and derivatives using update-notifier's tray applet

 15:07:47 <bdmurray> ⌁ done

 15:08:29 <ev> thanks for the reviews

 15:09:12 <slangasek> stokachu: bug #1094496> that's not a complete verification, the commenter hasn't confirmed the lack of leak in an environment where the leak is proven to happen

 15:09:14 <ubottu> bug 1094496 in gnome-keyring (Ubuntu Precise) "gnome-keyring-daemon leaks memory" [High,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1094496

 15:09:26 <barry> bdmurray: yeah, i still can't wrap my head around what's causing bug 1058884

 15:09:27 <ubottu> bug 1058884 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu) "do-release-upgrade crashed with EOFError in /usr/lib/ubuntu-release-upgrader/check-new-release: EOF read where not expected" [Low,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1058884

 15:09:33 <stokachu> slangasek: ok ill ping Hein again and see if they've had a chance to do so

 15:09:40 <slangasek> (commented on the bug)

 15:09:58 <stokachu> slangasek: ah you're fast

 15:10:44 <bdmurray> barry: I'd mentioned including or saving dmesg from the upgrade process, what do you think?

 15:11:29 <slangasek> bdmurray: so you retested bug #1160441 and it's "triaged", I guess that means the bug still exists after testing?

 15:11:31 <ubottu> bug 1160441 in ubiquity (Ubuntu Raring) "Calendar is still in English despite French is selected as the Language during the installation" [Medium,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1160441

 15:11:35 <barry> bdmurray: i guess my main question is: if this is a reading-pyc-file race condition, then what other processes are running at the same time?

 15:11:44 <bdmurray> slangasek: correct

 15:11:50 <slangasek> jodh: ah, you're up, no stgraber today

 15:11:57 <barry> bdmurray: do you think the dmesg output would tell us that?

 15:12:06 <jodh> * blueprints:

 15:12:06 <jodh> - foundations-r-upstart-user-session-enhancements:

 15:12:06 <jodh> - Updated lp:~jamesodhunt/upstart/python-upstart-module as results

 15:12:06 <jodh> of barrys excellent review (awaiting feedback from any of the devs).

 15:12:09 <jodh> * boot:

 15:12:12 <jodh> - upstart:

 15:12:15 <jodh> - bug 1157713: fixed and raised MP on

 15:12:17 <ubottu> bug 1157713 in upstart "upstart tests which run without inotify fail occasionally" [Undecided,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1157713

 15:12:19 <jodh> lp:~jamesodhunt/upstart/bug-1157713-inotify-test-failures

 15:12:22 <jodh> (awaiting feedback).

 15:12:25 <jodh> - bug 1124384: continued investigations.

 15:12:26 <ubottu> bug 1124384 in cloud-init (Ubuntu) "reload-configuration can confuse upstart" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1124384

 15:12:28 <jodh> λ

 15:12:30 <bdmurray> barry: no, I was thinking that'd be useful for hardware issues

 15:12:58 <ev> Go get a ☕, this is going to be a long one.

 15:13:06 <barry> bdmurray: it's probably a good idea then, if nothing else, to rule h/w issues out

 15:13:19 <barry> ev: ping me when you're done. :)

 15:13:22 <ev> - Verified that we successfully back-populated the FirstError and ErrorsByDate

 15:13:23 <ev> data for bug 1077122 in:

 15:13:23 <ev> http://rt.admin.canonical.com/Ticket/Display.html?id=60205

 15:13:23 <ev> - Made a first pass at weighting the average errors per calendar day (jsfiddle

 15:13:23 <ev> is wonderful, by the way):

 15:13:23 <ev> http://jsfiddle.net/Ra4xT/1/

 15:13:23 <ev> http://paste.ubuntu.com/5697852/

 15:13:24 <ubottu> bug 1077122 in Errors "Machine weighted at 100% 89 days after last report, 0% 90 days after" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1077122

 15:13:43 <ev> - Code review for Brian:

 15:13:43 <ev> https://code.launchpad.net/~brian-murray/errors/newbuckets/+merge/158244

 15:13:43 <ev> - Followed up on the backfill of SourceVersionBuckets CF for Brian:

 15:13:43 <ev> https://rt.admin.canonical.com/Ticket/Display.html?id=60732

 15:13:43 <ev> - Bug fixes for https://errors.ubuntu.com:

 15:13:43 <ev> - https://bugs.launchpad.net/errors/+bug/1167849

 15:13:43 <ev> - https://bugs.launchpad.net/errors/+bug/1167865

 15:13:44 <ev> - Meeting with Katherine to develop an NDA for https://errors.ubuntu.com

 15:13:47 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1167849 in Errors "crash-signatures-for-bug does not work" [Undecided,Fix committed]

 15:13:47 <xnox> slangasek: bdmurray: i'm not sure, but i thought that we select locale based on the location, instead of installer language, but I might be wrong here. Also we had a similar bug with respect to country mirror selection (that one was done based on language instead of location) which is now tested for automatically on daily images.

 15:13:48 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1167865 in Errors "Nonexistent buckets raise an exception" [Undecided,Fix committed]

 15:13:58 <ev> - Drafted guidelines for use and rules for approval for accessing the error

 15:13:58 <ev> reports:

 15:13:58 <ev> https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ErrorTracker/Guidelines

 15:13:58 <ev> Friday:

 15:13:58 <ev> - Refactoring crash submission process as I build out the test suite and fix

 15:13:58 <ev> support for kernel OOPS crashes:

 15:13:58 <ev> https://code.launchpad.net/~ev/daisy/refactor-submission/+merge/158566

 15:14:16 <ev> - RT for hash-based bucket URLs:

 15:14:16 <ev> https://portal.admin.canonical.com/60762

 15:14:16 <ev> - Looking at how we can better handle timeouts when writing reports to

 15:14:16 <ev> Cassandra. Conversed with Tom about it and moved to a consistent 30 second

 15:14:16 <ev> timeout. Beyond that, we've got bigger problems.

 15:14:17 <ev> - Testing refinements to the FirstError and ErrorsByRelease script.

 15:14:17 <ev> - Worked with webops to get some retracers processing the failed queue:

 15:14:18 <ev> https://graphite.engineering.canonical.com/render/?width=1129&height=614&_salt=1365757153.811&target=daisy_servers.rabbitmq.messages.failed_retrace_amd64

 15:14:30 <ev> Monday:

 15:14:30 <ev> - Testing the fix for weighted average errors per calendar day is taking ages

 15:14:30 <ev> (as of writing it timed out after processing 12.9 million reports of some 43

 15:14:30 <ev> million, having run over the weekend), so I'm running the new totals with

 15:14:30 <ev> what we have so far, since the denominator for the calculation is being

 15:14:30 <ev> updated in the same process.

 15:14:43 <ev> - Still not working properly ('Precise (again)'):

 15:14:43 <ev> http://jsfiddle.net/Ra4xT/4/

 15:14:43 <ev> - Hash-based URLs for buckets on errors.ubuntu.com (RT 60762) deployed and

 15:14:43 <ev> verified.

 15:14:43 <ev> - Updated errors.ubuntu.com to use the new hash-based URLs:

 15:14:43 <ev> https://code.launchpad.net/~ev/errors/bucket-short-urls/+merge/158911

 15:14:44 <ev> - (Finally) finished up the code to rebuild the metadata about what Ubuntu

 15:14:44 <ev> releases and binary package versions have been seen for each problem:

 15:14:53 <ev> https://code.launchpad.net/~ev/oops-repository/bucket-versions/+merge/158946

 15:14:53 <ev> https://code.launchpad.net/~ev/daisy/bucket-versions/+merge/158948

 15:14:53 <ev> - Helping Jane diagnose a Intel graphics / apport issue.

 15:14:53 <ev> - Investigating Disco (http://discoproject.org/) as a possible alternative to

 15:14:53 <ev> Hadoop.

 15:14:53 <ev> - Fighting Canonistack, as per usual (out of security groups on lcy01):

 15:14:54 <ev> https://eu1.salesforce.com/500D000000OTnPi

 15:15:01 <ev> - James pointed me to the fact that juju doesn't delete security groups when

 15:15:01 <ev> its done with them. So if you see this message, euca-describe-groups &&

 15:15:01 <ev> euca-delete-group.

 15:15:01 <ev> - Catch up with James:

 15:15:01 <ev> - Where we stand with the prodstack deployment: He's waiting until after

 15:15:01 <ev> release to move Cassandra in as they're short on resource and it will be

 15:15:01 <ev> the first big test of Ceph for them.

 15:15:07 <ev> - Started to build out Hadoop to benchmark it against get_range() in pycassa

 15:15:08 <ev> (given the multi-day queries listed above), but James and I did a quick

 15:15:08 <ev> code review and identified some low hanging fruit to try first. He's also

 15:15:08 <ev> keen on waiting until we deploy to prodstack after release before setting

 15:15:19 <ev> off on benchmarking Hadoop, as he thinks it'll be far more interesting to

 15:15:19 <ev> test the live performance characteristics and not canonistack getting

 15:15:19 <ev> massively contented halfway through a benchmark.

 15:15:19 <ev> Tuesday:

 15:15:25 <ev> - Debugging and fixing bugs in the retracers for webops:

 15:15:25 <ev> - https://bugs.launchpad.net/daisy/+bug/1169486

 15:15:25 <ev> - http://rt.admin.canonical.com/Ticket/Display.html?id=60844

 15:15:25 <ev> - Trying to write up some best practices / investigative work for writing large

 15:15:26 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1169486 in Daisy "Unicode exception when inserting StacktraceAddressSignature during retrace" [Undecided,Fix released]

 15:15:32 <ev> Cassandra queries:

 15:15:32 <ev> - https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ErrorTracker/CassandraQueries

 15:15:32 <ev> - Code review for Brian:

 15:15:32 <ev> - https://code.launchpad.net/~brian-murray/daisy/build-sourceversionbuckets/+merge/159006

 15:15:32 <ev> - Writing a unit test for the weighting of error reports since A) TDD, bro and

 15:15:37 <ev> B) with the processing of 45 million error reports taking at least 10 hours,

 15:15:37 <ev> isn't not exactly quick to test small changes to the way we weight the errors

 15:15:37 <ev> on production.

 15:15:37 <ev> - Reviewing the draft NDA for errors.ubuntu.com.

 15:15:42 <ev> Wednesday:

 15:15:42 <ev> - Ongoing discussion on the draft NDA for errors.ubuntu.com.

 15:15:43 <ev> - Writing up https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ErrorTracker/DailyTasks

 15:15:43 <ev> - Deployed refactoring of error report submission to production (RT 60876).

 15:15:43 <ev> - http://rt.admin.canonical.com/Ticket/Display.html?id=60876

 15:15:47 <ev> - Deployed hashed-based bucket URL support to production (RT 60877).

 15:15:47 <ev> - http://rt.admin.canonical.com/Ticket/Display.html?id=60877

 15:15:47 <ev> - More work on the unit test for the weighting of errors. Refactoring as I go

 15:15:47 <ev> to allow testing of all parts of this (submission, getting unique system

 15:15:47 <ev> counts, and weighting).

 15:15:53 <ev> Outstanding RTs:

 15:15:54 <ev> - Retracers failing inside apport-retrace due to http_proxy.

 15:15:54 <ev> - https://rt.admin.canonical.com//Ticket/Display.html?id=60751

 15:15:54 <ev> - We've fixed the issue and are processing all the errors that went into the

 15:15:59 <ev> failed queue. This looks like it will take the rest of the month, unless

 15:15:59 <ev> we get some prodstack-based retracers up and running soon:

 15:15:59 <ev> https://graphite.engineering.canonical.com/render/?width=1129&height=614&_salt=1366017649.536&from=-14days&target=daisy_servers.rabbitmq.messages.failed_retrace_amd64

 15:16:03 <ev> - Migrate cassandra nodes into prodstack

 15:16:03 <ev> - https://rt.admin.canonical.com//Ticket/Display.html?id=60652

 15:16:03 <ev> - See chat with James above. Blocked by the 13.04 release.

 15:16:10 <ev> - Hadoop for daisy.ubuntu.com

 15:16:10 <ev> - https://rt.admin.canonical.com//Ticket/Display.html?id=55518

 15:16:10 <ev> - Blocked on the build-out of a secondary Cassandra cluster on prodstack, as

 15:16:10 <ev> above.

 15:16:15 <ev> - This arrangement is common practice, as running intensive Hadoop queries

 15:16:15 <ev> will potentially have an impact on performance.

 15:16:15 <ev> - Lets move the retracers onto prodstack

 15:16:19 <ev> - https://rt.admin.canonical.com//Ticket/Display.html?id=58019

 15:16:19 <ev> - The priority on this has been increased, but it's still waiting for a

 15:16:19 <ev> webop with spare time, according to Liam.

 15:16:26 <ev> - Setup stagingstack environment for errors.ubuntu.com

 15:16:26 <ev> - https://rt.admin.canonical.com//Ticket/Display.html?id=58535

 15:16:26 <ev> - This is partially waiting on me creating nrpe hooks, but according to Liam

 15:16:26 <ev> there are a few webops tasks that still need to be done.

 15:16:28 <ev> Blocked:

 15:16:28 <ev> - https://bugs.launchpad.net/touch-preview-images/+bug/1167415

 15:16:29 <ev> - I haven't heard anything on this. I'll follow up at not-UDS.

 15:16:30 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1167415 in touch-preview-images "android kernel ignores /proc/sys/kernel/core_pattern" [Undecided,New]

 15:16:32 <ev> barry: done! :)

 15:16:43 <barry> ev: thanks! :)

 15:16:47 <slangasek> xnox: it might make sense to treat LC_TIME the same as LC_MESSAGES, given that it involves string translation?  cjwatson?

 15:16:56 <barry> bug 1102593. bug 1058884. bug 1078697 (awaiting sru approval for precise; landed in raring and lucid-cat). reviewed lcx c extension module for stgraber.  worked on click packages and chatted w/stgraber re: full image updates.  looked at/worked on various upstream python bugs affecting ubuntu (issue17712 - test_gdb failures; issue17759 - test_urllibnet failures; issue17012 - shutil.which() bug).  trying to squeeze in ffes for

 15:16:57 <barry> python-virtualenv 1.9.1 and pip 1.3.1 into raring (ssl downloads from pypi ftw).  done.  todo: ota image updates.

 15:16:59 <ubottu> bug 1102593 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu) "do-release-upgrade crashed with UnboundLocalError in doDistUpgradeFetching(): local variable 'e' referenced before assignment" [Medium,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1102593

 15:17:00 <ubottu> bug 1058884 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu) "do-release-upgrade crashed with EOFError in /usr/lib/ubuntu-release-upgrader/check-new-release: EOF read where not expected" [Low,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1058884

 15:17:01 <ubottu> bug 1078697 in apt (Ubuntu Precise) "Ubuntu archive is missing SHA-1/SHA-256 hashes for some packages" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1078697

 15:17:46 <cjwatson> slangasek: Yeah, I was thinking something like that but hadn't gone off to analyse it yet.  It's unfortunate since LC_TIME kind of straddles the boundary here

 15:18:22 <barry> btw, the fix for bug 1078697 has been accepted into lucid-cat and should land on lp next wednesday i'm told

 15:18:23 <ubottu> bug 1078697 in apt (Ubuntu Precise) "Ubuntu archive is missing SHA-1/SHA-256 hashes for some packages" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1078697

 15:18:29 <barry> done

 15:18:46 <cjwatson> shutil.which> oh, cute

 15:18:53 <cjwatson> 'bout time

 15:19:14 <barry> cjwatson: indeed.  it had a nice little bug triggered by your use case, now fixed upstream :)

 15:19:47 <cjwatson> I've had a version of that in the osextras module I carry bits of around everywhere for ages

 15:19:59 <cjwatson> (Also, holy adverb stacking Batman)

 15:20:11 <slangasek> ev: on bug #1167415, it might be worth adding more detail on which device you're testing on (since the kernel may vary across devices within Android), and also if it's on a device that we have an Ubuntu image supported on (like Nexus7 desktop preinstalled), to cross-check there?

 15:20:12 <ubottu> bug 1167415 in touch-preview-images "android kernel ignores /proc/sys/kernel/core_pattern" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1167415

 15:20:27 <barry> cjwatson: fwiw, the py3.3 implementation is not far from yours :)

 15:20:29 <ev> slangasek: will do

 15:20:46 <cjwatson> Heh

 15:21:08 <cjwatson> I seem to do this a lot - the current /usr/bin/which is a descendant of my code too

 15:21:12 <doko> barry, cjwatson: should 17012 be included in raring?

 15:21:35 <barry> doko: would be great if it were

 15:22:08 <slangasek> well, my report's real short this week

 15:22:09 <slangasek> * driving the release checklist this week

 15:22:09 <slangasek> * planning for the Oakland sprint

 15:22:11 <slangasek> (done)

 15:22:24 <ogra_> done:

 15:22:24 <ogra_> * nearly finished the livecd-rootfs implementation which is now dropped after infinity vetoed the design in the last minute (and me apparently killing kapok.buildd completely with the first working build)

 15:22:24 <ogra_> * looking into using a (currently 2.1G big) package to instead have the builds abusing a package builder which isnt ideal either and would require huge uploads or diffed tarballs from the various git trees at least...

 15:22:24 <ogra_> (preferably i would just like an additional android cross build machine (simple desktop class PC) to simply build the source as intended by its creators but according to infinity thats not possible either due to budget.

 15:22:26 <slangasek> sort of all-consuming bullet points ;)

 15:22:27 <ogra_> * discussing if we should not better keep the android builds in jenkins/IBS completely

 15:22:29 <ogra_> * pretty frustrating week after all ...

 15:22:31 <ogra_> 

 15:22:33 <ogra_> todo:

 15:22:35 <ogra_> * find a solution for that mess above ...

 15:22:37 <ogra_> * sort out ESTA for sprint travel

 15:22:39 <ogra_> * finally start looking into emulator work

 15:22:41 <ogra_> :wq

 15:22:52 <cjwatson> Finished initial app package installer prototype.  Currently shelved pending discussion (and probably 13.04 release).

 15:22:55 <cjwatson> Finished ghc transition. \o/

 15:22:57 <cjwatson> Fought Canonistack a bit; ended up submitting a support ticket for an apparently lost volume (though I should have a backup of everything important; this is for the auto-cross-builder).

 15:23:01 <cjwatson> Prepared LP branch for bug 1169627, to make queue review a bit easier.  Landing as I paste this.

 15:23:03 <ubottu> bug 1169627 in Launchpad itself "Show link to source archive for copies in +queue" [Low,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1169627

 15:23:04 <cjwatson> Investigated bug 851562, for the same reason.  Looks as though it may require a database change.

 15:23:05 <ubottu> bug 851562 in Launchpad itself "Diff's not available for sync's on +queue page like for regular uploads" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/851562

 15:23:07 <cjwatson> Refreshed translations in various packages (ubiquity, gfxboot-theme-ubuntu, debian-installer).

 15:23:10 <cjwatson> Reviewed various help pages for web team.

 15:23:13 <cjwatson> Merged installation-guide fix to update it to raring.

 15:23:15 <cjwatson> Digging into bug 1124384.  Making some progress, I think ...

 15:23:16 <ubottu> bug 1124384 in cloud-init (Ubuntu) "reload-configuration can confuse upstart" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1124384

 15:23:18 <cjwatson> Various bits of upload queue review.

 15:23:20 <cjwatson> Gave up on my dying N900 and ordered a Nexus 4.

 15:23:23 <cjwatson> ..

 15:23:39 <ogra_> i have a spare n900 here if you want to replace it :P

 15:23:41 <ev> speaking of the sprint, VS19 is quite the party plane.

 15:24:24 <xnox> cjwatson: join the Nexus club =))))

 15:24:34 <xnox> ev: i am not on it this time around =(

 15:25:02 <ev> :-/

 15:25:13 <cjwatson> ogra_: Heh, maybe - I should probably have a Nexus all things considered anyway

 15:25:20 <ogra_> hehe, yeah

 15:25:29 * xnox is a black duck on a United Airlines flight.... I wonder if anyone flies on those at all =)

 15:25:38 <cjwatson> I think I'm on United

 15:25:42 <ogra_> the n900 is such a nice thing though ...

 15:25:48 <slangasek> cjwatson: well, it's a bit early to be thinking about dogfooding Ubuntu Touch on your primary phone :)

 15:25:55 <cjwatson> Yeah, UA931

 15:26:01 <cjwatson> slangasek: Well, yeah, but eventually :)

 15:26:03 <ogra_> slangasek, shhh

 15:26:07 <slangasek> [TOPIC] Bugs

 15:26:51 <xnox> slangasek: cjwatson: at least nexus4 supports full-image phone backup over adb. thus it should be safe to reflash it with ubuntu touch and revert back. But I have yet to trust myself enough to do that.

 15:26:55 <slangasek> fwiw bdmurray and I discussed the question of how we're handling defect escalations, and concluded that it might be better to handle these by mail daily rather than in the weekly meeting - especially right now as we're so close to release

 15:27:23 <slangasek> so if you're getting mails from Brian about defects, please treat them with a high priority

 15:27:41 <slangasek> ok?

 15:28:08 <cjwatson> ack

 15:28:12 <ogra_> just because its brian though

 15:28:16 <slangasek> stokachu: and it sounded like things are under control on your side, right?

 15:28:31 <stokachu> slangasek: yea man, everything is caught up this week

 15:28:40 <xnox> cjwatson: i'm on UA955 somehow, yet there are 4 people in total on yours =/

 15:28:46 <slangasek> ok, great

 15:28:48 <slangasek> [TOPIC] AOB

 15:28:50 <xnox> ack on the bugs.

 15:28:56 <slangasek> anything else, then?

 15:29:28 * slangasek throws people off balance with a half-length meeting ;)

 15:30:31 <xnox> I guess we can discuss and vote on the next code name, then ;-)

 15:31:11 <ogra_> yeah, its about time for a name ...

 15:31:48 <xnox> Squishy Salamander sounds ok

 15:31:49 <barry> squishy swan

 15:31:53 <xnox> https://wiki.ubuntu.com/DevelopmentCodeNames#A13.10

 15:31:57 <cjwatson> Has somebody poked Mark about this already?

 15:32:08 <ogra_> you think he forgot ?

 15:32:10 <xnox> or one can look at: https://wiki.ubuntu.com/DevelopmentCodeNames#S

 15:32:17 * ogra_ bets clan doesnt

 15:32:37 <cjwatson> It's been getting later and later

 15:32:45 <ogra_> yup

 15:33:05 * xnox giggles at Spastic Stallion

 15:33:06 <bdmurray> I thought ScottK had committed to poking

 15:33:24 <xnox> ScottK: do you know the next codename? =)

 15:34:01 <slangasek> Synalgesic Stegosaurus

 15:34:18 * ogra_ votes for "end of edit conflict" ... that seems to be very popular for all releases

 15:34:29 <ev> ha!

 15:34:50 <xnox> Hmm.... with unity logo spinning clockwise, maybe it will be simply named SS.

 15:34:53 <slangasek> [ACTION] slangasek to follow up on codename for s opening

 15:34:53 * meetingology slangasek to follow up on codename for s opening

 15:35:03 <slangasek> xnox: <facepalm>

 15:35:13 <slangasek> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)