#title #ubuntu-meeting: ubuntu-server-team

Meeting started by arosales at 16:02:21 UTC.  The full logs are
available at
http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2013/ubuntu-meeting.2013-04-16-16.02.log.html
.



== Meeting summary ==

 *Review ACTION points from previous meeting

 *Raring Development
''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/RaringRingtail/ReleaseSchedule   (arosales, 16:04:03)
  *Release Bugs  (arosales, 16:04:57)
  *Release Bugs  (arosales, 16:05:36)
''LINK:'' http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-r-tracking-bug-tasks.html#server   (arosales, 16:05:44)
  *Blueprints  (arosales, 16:11:09)
''LINK:'' http://status.ubuntu.com/ubuntu-raring/group/topic-raring-servercloud-overview.html   (arosales, 16:11:15)

 *Ubuntu Server Team Events
''LINK:'' https://juju.ubuntu.com/events/   (arosales, 16:17:33)

 *Weekly Updates & Questions for the QA Team (plars)

 *Weekly Updates & Questions for the Kernel Team (smb)

 *Weekly Updates & Questions regarding Ubuntu ARM Server (rbasak)

 *Open Discussion
''ACTION:'' Confirmation on adding Cloud Image weekly udpate from utlemming  (arosales, 16:27:58)

 *Announce next meeting date and time

 *Announce next meeting date and time



Meeting ended at 16:30:05 UTC.



== Votes ==




== Action items ==

 * Confirmation on adding Cloud Image weekly udpate from utlemming



== Action items, by person ==

 * utlemming
 ** Confirmation on adding Cloud Image weekly udpate from utlemming



== People present (lines said) ==

 * arosales (76)
 * plars (15)
 * rbasak (11)
 * meetingology (4)
 * utlemming (4)
 * smb (3)
 * ubottu (2)
 * marcoceppi (1)
 * hallyn (1)



== Full Log ==


 16:02:21 <arosales> #startmeeting ubuntu-server-team

 16:02:21 <meetingology> Meeting started Tue Apr 16 16:02:21 2013 UTC.  The chair is arosales. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:02:21 <meetingology> 

 16:02:21 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 16:02:31 <arosales> #topic Review ACTION points from previous meeting

 16:03:04 <arosales> I am going to keep these items here to carry over, and confirm with smoser and zul on their items

 16:03:20 * arosales is still working on Norvald in regards to the SRU

 16:03:34 <arosales> sorry I am working on contacting Norvald in regards to the SRU.

 16:03:50 <arosales> #topic Raring Development

 16:04:03 <arosales> #link https://wiki.ubuntu.com/RaringRingtail/ReleaseSchedule

 16:04:21 <marcoceppi> o/

 16:04:37 <arosales> Final freeze this week (18th)

 16:04:41 <arosales> marcoceppi, hello

 16:04:57 <arosales> #subtopic Release Bugs

 16:05:30 <arosales> hmm that didn't take

 16:05:36 <arosales> #subtopic Release Bugs

 16:05:41 <arosales> hmm ok

 16:05:44 <arosales> #link http://reqorts.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-r-tracking-bug-tasks.html#server

 16:06:20 <arosales> rbasak, any updates on the MySQL bugs?

 16:06:28 <arosales> bug 1162139

 16:06:30 <ubottu> bug 1162139 in mysql-5.5 (Ubuntu Raring) "mysql-5.5 still built using GCC-4.4, should be built with the default GCC" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1162139

 16:06:40 <arosales> and bug 1121874

 16:06:42 <ubottu> bug 1121874 in mysql-5.5 (Ubuntu Raring) "MySQL launch fails silently if < 4MB of disk space is available" [Medium,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1121874

 16:07:00 <rbasak> I'm still working on it. But it looks like bug 1162139 may have to miss the release. There is no good answer that I've found yet. But I have made some progress. I'm hoping to cut out the assembly bits and use the native C only, and that may work.

 16:07:12 <rbasak> I'll email the ubuntu-server list about it.

 16:07:20 <rbasak> (once I've got some options)

 16:07:41 <arosales> rbasak, sounds good - thanks

 16:07:51 <arosales> rbasak, any pertinent updates on the latter?

 16:08:27 <rbasak> No. I think that one may be OK for raring as long as I can find a sponsor in time.

 16:08:43 <arosales> rbasak, ok

 16:09:25 <arosales> rbasak, do you have the sponsor team subscribed to 1121874 ?

 16:09:58 <rbasak> No - there's no patch right now

 16:10:24 <arosales> rbasak, gotcha.  Thanks for the updates

 16:10:50 <arosales> that others are maas and horizon, so we'll skip those for now

 16:10:55 <arosales> s/that/the/

 16:11:09 <arosales> #subtopic Blueprints

 16:11:15 <arosales> #link http://status.ubuntu.com/ubuntu-raring/group/topic-raring-servercloud-overview.html

 16:11:50 * arosales looking for BPs for folks that are here

 16:12:21 <arosales> we are in the red for the release right now, and given final freeze is this Thursday we should be looking at postponing, given all BPs are up to date.

 16:13:07 <arosales> folks have any specific BPs to bring up?

 16:13:23 <arosales> rbasak, thanks for updating apt-improvements

 16:14:28 <arosales> hallyn servercloud-r-lxc looks good

 16:14:36 <hallyn> \o/

 16:14:40 <arosales> as does libvirt

 16:14:47 <arosales> at least in progress :-)

 16:15:09 <arosales> ok moving on

 16:15:19 <arosales> #topic Ubuntu Server Team Events

 16:15:30 <arosales> ah finally got the bot to accept my input :-)

 16:15:34 <arosales> ODS this week :-)

 16:16:42 <arosales> I believe Mark is giving a keynote tomorrow

 16:17:13 <arosales> railsconf coming up on April 29th

 16:17:25 <arosales> as is Cisco Open Source Conference

 16:17:33 <arosales> #link https://juju.ubuntu.com/events/

 16:17:46 <arosales> #topic Weekly Updates & Questions for the QA Team (plars)

 16:18:03 <plars> hi

 16:18:03 <arosales> plars, any updates?

 16:18:09 <arosales> hello :-)

 16:18:19 <plars> not too much today, jamespage was able to help me get the iscsi stuff figured out last week

 16:18:21 <plars> thanks for that

 16:18:24 <plars> it's looking fine now

 16:18:30 <arosales> good to hear

 16:18:40 <plars> I still need to sync up about the maas stuff

 16:18:44 <plars> with utlemming iirc

 16:18:55 <plars> I just haven't had a chance to look at it this week, have you utlemming?

 16:19:00 <arosales> plars, cloud images for maas?

 16:19:35 <plars> arosales: maybe I'm thinking of the wrong person, I don't have my notes in front of me about who was going to help with the maas bit

 16:19:42 <utlemming> I don't follow...maas stuff?

 16:20:01 <plars> we have some tests on iso tracker for maas, and when I tried to go through them, they don't make much sense to me

 16:20:05 <arosales> plars, it may have been roaksoax

 16:20:08 <plars> I don't have a lot of experience with maas

 16:20:13 <plars> ah, yes, that sounds right :)

 16:20:21 <plars> sorry utlemming

 16:20:39 <arosales> plars, suggest to at least start with roaksoax, he should be able to redirect to the right person if he doesn't have the answer.

 16:20:51 <plars> so I just need to sync up with roaksoax.. it's in my notes, just need to find the time to do it

 16:21:05 <arosales> plars, ok thanks.  Any other updates?

 16:21:08 <plars> I want to make sure the tests there actually work, and are sensible

 16:21:10 <plars> that's it from me

 16:21:35 <arosales> +1 on getting more testing on maas :-)

 16:21:38 <arosales> thanks plars

 16:21:42 <arosales> #topic Weekly Updates & Questions for the Kernel Team (smb)

 16:21:45 <smb> Hi, I don't have anything. Are there any questions?

 16:22:04 <arosales> no questions from myself

 16:22:44 <arosales> smb, ok looks like no other question.  The kernel must be rock solid

 16:22:57 <smb> or nobody using the bad parts

 16:23:16 <arosales> smb, what bad parts :-)

 16:23:27 <smb> we won't know until we find them. :)

 16:23:29 <arosales> smb, thanks for joining

 16:23:31 <arosales> #topic Weekly Updates & Questions regarding Ubuntu ARM Server (rbasak)

 16:23:33 <rbasak> Nothing to report. Any questions?

 16:23:51 <arosales> rbasak, did you get mongodb running on ARM?

 16:24:23 <rbasak> The test suite appears to pass. No change there. I don't plan to go any further unless somebody else finds a problem.

 16:24:44 <arosales> rbasak, ok

 16:24:46 <rbasak> (for Raring)

 16:24:53 <arosales> rbasak, gotcha

 16:24:59 <arosales> rbasak, thanks for the update.

 16:25:07 <arosales> #topic Open Discussion

 16:25:28 <arosales> I had one

 16:25:42 <arosales> I was chatting with utlemming on getting more info on cloud images

 16:26:15 <arosales> utlemming, do you think it would be valuable for the cloud folks to have you update on cloud images here on weekly updates, perhaps following rbask?

 16:26:45 <utlemming> arosales: I think so. We have a bit going on

 16:26:58 <utlemming> And I think there is some value in talking about it

 16:27:20 <arosales> utlemming, ok I'll put an action to confirm with the larger team when they get back

 16:27:28 <utlemming> ack

 16:27:29 * arosales doesn't see any issues though and thinks it is a good idea

 16:27:58 <arosales> #action Confirmation on adding Cloud Image weekly udpate from utlemming

 16:27:58 * meetingology Confirmation on adding Cloud Image weekly udpate from utlemming

 16:28:12 <arosales> #topic Announce next meeting date and time

 16:28:27 <arosales> #topic Announce next meeting date and time

 16:28:43 <arosales> wrong paste

 16:28:44 <rbasak> arosales, utlemming: great idea, JFDI IMHO.

 16:29:09 <arosales> Tuesday 2013-04-23 at 1600 UTC

 16:29:31 <arosales> rbasak, well on rbasak JFDI I'll add it to the agenda and see if any folks object next week :-)

 16:29:45 <rbasak> OK, great!

 16:29:51 <arosales> utlemming, fyi on being pinged next week

 16:29:55 <arosales> ok thats it

 16:29:58 * rbasak is looking forward to next week's cloud update :)

 16:30:05 <arosales> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)