#title #ubuntu-meeting Meeting

Meeting started by czajkowski at 17:01:28 UTC.  The full logs are
available at
http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2013/ubuntu-meeting.2013-05-02-17.01.log.html
.



== Meeting summary ==

 *Forums council request
''LINK:'' https://rt.ubuntu.com/Ticket/Display.html?id=21293   (elfy, 17:04:29)

 *AOB
''ACTION:'' beuno to update the wiki with the mins of the meeting  (czajkowski, 17:13:15)



Meeting ended at 17:13:23 UTC.



== Votes ==




== Action items ==

 * beuno to update the wiki with the mins of the meeting



== Action items, by person ==

 * beuno
 ** beuno to update the wiki with the mins of the meeting



== People present (lines said) ==

 * czajkowski (24)
 * elfy (12)
 * cprofitt (4)
 * dholbach (4)
 * meetingology (4)
 * beuno (2)



== Full Log ==


 17:01:28 <czajkowski> #startmeeting

 17:01:28 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu May  2 17:01:28 2013 UTC.  The chair is czajkowski. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 17:01:28 <meetingology> 

 17:01:28 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 17:01:43 <czajkowski> anyone from the forums council about

 17:02:53 <czajkowski> hmm cant really tackle their request without knowing what the issue is.

 17:03:13 <elfy> yea

 17:03:26 <czajkowski> ah cool

 17:03:28 <cprofitt> just pinged the forum irc channel

 17:03:29 <elfy> 2 ticks

 17:03:33 <czajkowski> #topic Forums council request

 17:04:24 <elfy> we'd just like a bit of help getting this moved along - it's been left since they checked the security aspects

 17:04:29 <elfy> https://rt.ubuntu.com/Ticket/Display.html?id=21293

 17:05:16 <czajkowski> elfy: ok and as a first port of call have ye asked for an update in #canonical-sysadmin ?

 17:05:25 <elfy> yep

 17:05:45 <elfy> on the 26th - when it got taken and then given to nobody

 17:06:14 <czajkowski> right that was the week before last and before release week

 17:06:16 <elfy> aas far as we are aware they have the plugins - or at least we assume so as they vetted them

 17:06:29 <beuno> right, release week probably got in the way

 17:06:49 <elfy> so I'll wait 2 weeks and come back and ask again them

 17:06:52 <elfy> s/then

 17:06:59 <dholbach> might be worth just asking in #canonical-sysadmin again

 17:07:05 <czajkowski> I dont mind chasing up on tickets, but I do think we need to give the folks in sysadmin a bit of a chance to deal with tickets and allowing for release week and sprint/work :)

 17:07:43 <elfy> the ticket was raised a while back - at the behest of sysadmin to look at them

 17:07:58 <czajkowski> have just asked in the channel now so hopefully get an update on that

 17:08:10 <czajkowski> how else can we help?

 17:08:19 <elfy> that's all thanks

 17:08:27 <elfy> shall wait and see ;)

 17:08:34 <cprofitt> thanks elfy

 17:09:05 <czajkowski> ok

 17:09:09 <czajkowski> #topic AOB

 17:09:17 <czajkowski> CC folks any thing else we need to look at

 17:09:45 <dholbach> there are a few open threads we should reply to

 17:09:56 <dholbach> the trello is up to date AFAICS

 17:10:20 <czajkowski> nod

 17:10:21 <czajkowski> s

 17:10:55 <dholbach> I don't have anything apart from that to discuss

 17:11:04 <cprofitt> I do not have anything else to discuss

 17:11:14 <beuno> I haven't fully woken up yet

 17:11:22 <czajkowski> I'm all good here

 17:11:27 <czajkowski> mailed all the teams today and updated our wiki

 17:11:35 <czajkowski> though I think translations are down twice

 17:11:36 <cprofitt> thanks for doing that czajkowski

 17:11:38 <czajkowski> so need to redit that

 17:11:46 <czajkowski> me and the wiki never see eye to eye :)

 17:12:16 <czajkowski> does anyone else here wish to bring something to the CC ?

 17:13:03 <czajkowski> right

 17:13:15 <czajkowski> #action beuno to update the wiki with the mins of the meeting

 17:13:15 * meetingology beuno to update the wiki with the mins of the meeting

 17:13:23 <czajkowski> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)