#title #ubuntu-meeting: One Hundred Paper Cuts meeting for 19th Feb 2013

Meeting started by notgary at 19:05:51 UTC.  The full logs are available
at
http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2013/ubuntu-meeting.2013-02-19-19.05.log.html
.



== Meeting summary ==

 *Review of previous meeting minutes

 *what are we working on

 *Review of original goals for Raring
''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/OneHundredPaperCuts/Raring   (notgary, 19:52:35)



Meeting ended at 19:59:00 UTC.



== Votes ==




== Action items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * notgary (111)
 * druellan (46)
 * cprofitt (14)
 * meetingology (3)
 * BobJonkman (2)



== Full Log ==


 19:05:51 <notgary> #startmeeting One Hundred Paper Cuts meeting for 19th Feb 2013

 19:05:51 <meetingology> Meeting started Tue Feb 19 19:05:51 2013 UTC.  The chair is notgary. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 19:05:51 <meetingology> 

 19:05:51 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 19:06:23 <notgary> BobJonkman: The lurk away my friend. If you have anything to say, then just go ahead and say it. don;t worry about interrupting

 19:06:33 <BobJonkman> notgary: Thanx!

 19:06:43 <notgary> #meetingtopic Review of previous meeting minutes

 19:07:13 <notgary> #meetingtopic One Hundred Paper Cuts meeting for 19th Feb 2013

 19:07:25 <notgary> #topic Review of previous meeting minutes

 19:07:31 <notgary> That's better

 19:07:45 <notgary> The agenda for this meeting can be found here https://wiki.ubuntu.com/OneHundredPaperCuts/Meetings/19Feb2013

 19:08:13 <notgary> Item 1, review of the last meetings minutes

 19:08:50 <notgary> which can be found here https://wiki.ubuntu.com/OneHundredPaperCuts/Meetings/24Jan2013#Outcome

 19:08:57 <notgary> The first relevant part was Developer week

 19:09:09 <druellan> OH, I'm still supposed to talk about all thouse items?

 19:09:20 <notgary> Yep

 19:09:29 <notgary> they're on this weeks agenda though

 19:09:32 <notgary> so don't worry

 19:09:48 <druellan> No problem, carry on.

 19:10:09 <notgary> the original plan for Developer Week was to produce a couple of videos

 19:10:22 <notgary> One showing the user how to download and build the source for Rhythmbox

 19:10:27 <notgary> and another doing the same for Unity

 19:10:34 <notgary> Neither were done :P

 19:10:45 <notgary> which is what I was supposed to do.

 19:10:47 <notgary> :P

 19:11:03 <notgary> I'm going to put them off for the Global Jam next weekend

 19:11:29 <notgary> and try and get a Google+ Hanhout going with Jose, so people can watch them in real time and ask questions

 19:11:58 <druellan> Ubuntu communty on G+ is getting some traction now

 19:11:58 <notgary> We also decided we needed a more coherent strategy for attractting new contributors

 19:12:08 <notgary> I've noticed

 19:12:09 <notgary> :P

 19:12:17 <notgary> G+ seems to be setting some as well

 19:12:21 <notgary> but I digress :P

 19:13:01 <notgary> I had planned to reach out to Daniel Holbach to discuss some new ideas for getting people interested in contributing to Ubuntu, which I didm;t get round to doing

 19:13:09 <notgary> Jeez I'm bad at getting things done :P

 19:13:28 <notgary> The next item we decided on was to hold regular meetings

 19:13:58 <notgary> We didm;t do so well for the couple of weeks after that one, but hopefully this one we're in now will be the start of a new dawn for paper cuts meetings :)

 19:14:17 <druellan> well, about the per week meetings

 19:14:29 <notgary> Shoot

 19:14:29 <druellan> its good if you need to quickly be in touch with people

 19:14:54 <druellan> but is hard to promote, I mean, if you have a meeting too often you loose some traction

 19:15:31 <notgary> how so?

 19:15:54 <druellan> sorry, phone

 19:17:13 <notgary> What do you mean by 'lose some traction'? Do you think people will lose interest if we have too many meetings?

 19:18:11 <notgary> druellan: you still there?

 19:18:38 <druellan> I'm here, sorry. Yes, I believe that cen be the case, but we can use the current schedule to prove me wrong

 19:18:41 <cprofitt> notgary: this is focused on papercuts?

 19:18:51 <notgary> cprofitt: yep

 19:18:56 * cprofitt nods

 19:19:27 <notgary> I'd taken the idea from the weekly meetings the kernel and desktop team were having

 19:19:33 <notgary> thinking it might be good for us too

 19:19:52 <cprofitt> I think regular meetings help keep a team focused

 19:20:08 <notgary> that was my thinking

 19:20:12 <cprofitt> but regular does not have to be a every week or every other week

 19:20:32 <cprofitt> irc meetings can cause some to feel they are losing touch with the team if they can not make meetings

 19:20:39 <druellan> Yes, I have the feeling that per week maybe can be too often

 19:20:45 <cprofitt> with the timezone issue that is often a fact of life

 19:21:04 <druellan> since a papercutter is more a hobbyst than a regular contrbutor

 19:21:24 <cprofitt> I think ensuring that you summarize the meetings on the mailing list and the wiki helps avoid that

 19:21:37 <cprofitt> but with one team I was on decision were made in meetings via vote

 19:21:51 <cprofitt> and some people became frustrated because they were never able to vote

 19:22:31 <notgary> I wanted to use the meetings as a place where team members would come together in real time, and where new contributors could come in and speak with them. Perhaps a better idea than a single hour long meeting each week could be "On tuesday's between 6pm and 10pm you're guaranteed to find paper cutters on IRC. Come talk to them"

 19:22:48 <notgary> So it;s  a lot less formal

 19:22:50 <cprofitt> notgary: I think that is an excellent idea

 19:23:04 <cprofitt> not so much a meeting, but a 'work' session

 19:23:13 <druellan> cprofitt: well, a meeting per two week or per mounth you get sure you make the time to assits, per week is usually more difficult if you're bussy or your timezone

 19:23:26 <cprofitt> perhaps extend that to having team members be able to fill time slots

 19:23:45 <cprofitt> that would allow people in different TZs to mentor too

 19:23:56 <notgary> Great idea

 19:24:43 <notgary> Shall we vote on it, since it might be our last meeting for a while :P

 19:24:46 <cprofitt> your team is one I have wanted to get involved with for a while, but the three children keep be busy

 19:25:52 <notgary> Excellent. Well I hope you manage to find some time. Even just an hour a week can make a world of difference

 19:26:07 <notgary> Anyway

 19:26:19 <notgary> Lets move onto this weeks agenda

 19:26:32 <notgary> #topic what are we working on

 19:27:08 <notgary> One thing I've learned from my job is that it's very useful for team members to briefly tell each other what they're working on and what problems they're currently facing with the task

 19:27:20 <notgary> And I'd like to try that out here

 19:27:22 <notgary> I'll go first

 19:27:47 <notgary> I'm currently putting together ideas for some events during the global Jam next weekend

 19:27:58 <notgary> I've left it too late to organise a physical event

 19:28:05 <notgary> So I'm going to host it in IRC this time round

 19:28:17 <notgary> It'll run along two tracks

 19:28:25 <notgary> Bug triage and development tutorials

 19:28:37 <notgary> Those videos I mentioned earlier, about how to build some of the packages

 19:28:46 <notgary> Will be reorded then

 19:28:49 <notgary> *recorded

 19:29:13 <notgary> I also want to try and get some people together and trawl through the backlog of bugs on some of the core GTK+ packages

 19:29:32 <notgary> and try and touch as many of them as possible, forwarding relevant ones to the paper cuts team in the process

 19:29:43 <notgary> Not really got a lot of problems with it so far

 19:29:51 <notgary> druellan: over to you

 19:30:41 <druellan> Well, I was trying to get into a meeting :P

 19:30:45 <notgary> :)

 19:30:58 <druellan> To expose the topics I posted on the wiki

 19:31:31 <notgary> You mean the ones you were going to discuss last time?

 19:31:35 <druellan> Basically, since I was away on holidays, somehow disconnected

 19:32:18 <druellan> I found diffucult to understand what was going on in here, so, thats way I proposed this topics to discuss

 19:34:07 <notgary> Would you prefer to discuss them outside of the meeting, such as on the mailing list or IRC?

 19:34:18 <notgary> It seems like you're having some connection issues.

 19:34:41 <druellan> Yes, sorry I'm a bit complicated right now

 19:34:49 <notgary> No worries mate

 19:34:59 <druellan> I send a mail to you and the ninja list explaining some of the ideas

 19:35:06 <notgary> Cool

 19:35:14 <druellan> If you like I can try to quickly explain them here

 19:35:28 <druellan> (if I remember all of them :p)

 19:35:51 <notgary> The wiki: the landing page.

 19:35:52 <notgary> Impressions about the new wiki organization.

 19:35:53 <notgary> The new Dojo.

 19:35:54 <notgary> Whats everybody doing right now? Milestones and crowdfixing bugs.

 19:35:55 <notgary> Papercuts Ninjas: to fix, to triage or both (why I need to be a ninja)?

 19:35:56 <notgary> Papercutters superninjas?

 19:36:00 <notgary> thats what you posted to the wiki agenda

 19:36:27 <notgary> Wow, seems like there was some kind of collision there

 19:36:56 <druellan> Yes, half of them I don't remember whats about, but I'll try

 19:37:08 <notgary> If you can't remember, then don;t worry about it just now

 19:37:19 <notgary> Just write it in an email. that'll be better for all.

 19:37:29 <druellan> The thing is, when we started focusing in apps

 19:37:47 <druellan> The cycle where tied to a calendar

 19:38:00 <druellan> say, one app per mouth, is that correct?

 19:38:10 <druellan> mounth

 19:38:52 <notgary> Sorry about that

 19:38:54 <druellan> Wow, you're all right?

 19:39:09 <notgary> Got my IRC client a bit messed up when I pasted multiple lines of text in

 19:39:42 <druellan> No prob

 19:39:43 <notgary> druellan: Do you want to wait until later before discussion this stuff, to give you a bit of time to think about it?

 19:40:01 <druellan> I'll try to expose the main idea now if you like

 19:40:10 <notgary> If it's not too much troubble

 19:40:50 <druellan> I was saying, if I'm not mistaken, when we started focusing on one app per cycle

 19:41:14 <druellan> Cycles where tied to a calendar , say, one per month, is that correct?

 19:41:32 <notgary> Yep

 19:42:09 <druellan> Well, when we discovered that GTK+ and Compiz where important, things started to behave more kahotic

 19:43:00 <druellan> I think we're loosing the potential that an app per cycle can give us in terms of attracting more people to the project.

 19:43:27 <notgary> I see what you're saying

 19:43:46 <druellan> If, for example

 19:43:56 <druellan> we are currently on "Nautilus Cycle"

 19:44:44 <druellan> First, we can have a title on the wiki saying: "we are currently healing Nautilus, come along"

 19:44:59 <druellan> We can on advance have some sort of tutorial in place, in the dojo

 19:45:28 <druellan> If people come here trying to learn how to patch, is more likely that other devs can help them

 19:46:12 <druellan> And, we can advertise cycles this way

 19:47:07 <druellan> Just and idea

 19:48:31 <notgary> It sounds good. I've had some doubts about moving away for focused milestones as well. There's roughly two months left on the R-cycle, so we can move some things around and work on two apps during that time. How about Rhythmbox and Nautilus?

 19:49:36 <druellan> I think the key is to advertise we are now working on this or that, this way newcommers can know what to do

 19:50:22 <druellan> Rhythmbox cycle was very successful

 19:50:30 <druellan> we can give it a proper closure

 19:51:05 <notgary> Indeed

 19:51:22 <druellan> Oh, another thing, if we focus on an app per calendar, we can contact upstream in advnace and say: "this month we are going to bother you a lot!"

 19:51:55 <notgary> Yeah, that worked well for us with Rhytmbox. We contact them, and a week later they'd fixed a bunch of the bugs themselves :)

 19:52:05 <notgary> Anyway

 19:52:10 <notgary> we'll do things that way

 19:52:16 <notgary> Next item

 19:52:29 <notgary> #topic Review of original goals for Raring

 19:52:35 <notgary> https://wiki.ubuntu.com/OneHundredPaperCuts/Raring

 19:52:46 <notgary> I put that together at the start of the Raring cycle

 19:52:55 <notgary> and proceeded to not look at it again until last week :P

 19:53:12 <notgary> I won;t go into the details with the little time we have left

 19:53:34 <notgary> but there's a lot of stuff on there that I'd like to try and focus on clearing

 19:53:39 <notgary> before the end of the cycle

 19:53:53 <notgary> such as clearing the backlog of New and Incomplete

 19:53:54 <notgary> bug

 19:53:56 <druellan> yes, the "indentify bugs" table was a good idea

 19:54:35 <notgary> The Global Jam events I mentioned earlier will help us with that table

 19:55:00 <notgary> If we have a lot of volunteers on IRC over that weened all working through the backlogs

 19:55:08 <notgary> we should be all set for the next cycle

 19:55:16 <notgary> with a healthy backlog of bugs to see us through

 19:55:34 <notgary> But yeah

 19:55:44 <notgary> I just wanted to bring this to people's attention

 19:55:55 <druellan> Are you going to propose Nautilus and Rhythmbox, or anything they can catch?

 19:56:37 <notgary> anything they can catch. the goal I have for that weekend is to send as many bugs our way as possible, so we can pick out the good ones to work on during the S-Cycle

 19:57:00 <druellan> Ok

 19:57:35 <notgary> That's about it for me. We've covered everything I wanted to talk about, though maybe not in the order they were listed on the wiki :P

 19:58:03 <notgary> druellan: BobJonkman: cprofitt You guys got anything you'd like to add?

 19:58:11 <notgary> Or any other lurkers out there?

 19:58:24 <BobJonkman> Nothing from me....

 19:58:27 <druellan> I think thats all, next meeting I can talk about other things on that list

 19:58:48 <notgary> Cool

 19:58:58 <notgary> Well if no one has anything else, then...

 19:59:00 <notgary> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)