#title #ubuntu-meeting Meeting

Meeting started by cprofitt at 17:09:05 UTC.  The full logs are
available at
http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2013/ubuntu-meeting.2013-02-21-17.09.log.html
.



== Meeting summary ==

 *IRC Council

 *Developer Advisory Team
''LINK:'' https://blueprints.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+spec/community-r-dev-advisory-team   (vibhav, 17:51:36)

 *AOB



Meeting ended at 17:57:52 UTC.



== Votes ==




== Action items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * dholbach (49)
 * czajkowski (31)
 * cprofitt (28)
 * Tm_T (26)
 * AlanBell (23)
 * vibhav (15)
 * pleia2 (12)
 * meetingology (4)
 * ScottK (4)
 * funkyHat (1)
 * topyli (1)
 * Laney (1)
 * YokoZar (0)



== Full Log ==


 17:09:05 <cprofitt> #startmeeting

 17:09:05 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Feb 21 17:09:05 2013 UTC.  The chair is cprofitt. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 17:09:05 <meetingology> 

 17:09:05 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 17:09:22 <pleia2> hello

 17:09:29 <cprofitt> Hello everyone and welcome to the CC meeting

 17:09:48 <cprofitt> today we will be touching base with the IRC Council and Developer Advisory Team

 17:09:54 <dholbach> I see we have a number of IRC Council people here. :)

 17:09:57 <cprofitt> are people here from IRC Council?

 17:10:02 * cprofitt smiles

 17:10:06 <dholbach> And a bit fewer DAT people too. :)

 17:10:09 <AlanBell> hi cprofitt

 17:10:14 <Tm_T> moin

 17:10:16 <topyli> o/

 17:10:23 <funkyHat> Hello

 17:10:35 <Tm_T> all but one from ircc, nice

 17:10:38 <cprofitt> great, lets start with the IRC Council

 17:10:43 <cprofitt> #topic IRC Council

 17:11:15 <cprofitt> #chair czajkowski dholbach pleia2 YokoZar

 17:11:15 <meetingology> Current chairs: YokoZar cprofitt czajkowski dholbach pleia2

 17:11:32 <dholbach> how are you all doing? how has the cycle been for the IRC Council so far?

 17:12:35 <czajkowski> anyone can answer :)

 17:12:57 <AlanBell> hi dholbach, I think this cycle has been fine, a bit quieter than the previous one perhaps

 17:13:22 <AlanBell> we did operator recruitment again, and k1l joined the team

 17:13:38 <AlanBell> doing recruitment in line with the development cycles still seems to make sense to me

 17:13:52 <dholbach> AlanBell, was it because of less planned work for the cycle or because of less adhoc "let's get the IRC Council involved" requests?

 17:13:53 <Tm_T> as I've been aboard on council for half a year, I've felt we've been basicly just doing what we always do, nothing special lately

 17:14:04 <cprofitt> are all operator teams well staffed?

 17:14:32 <AlanBell> all operator teams seem appropriately staffed, we have not really had any issues of a lack of operators

 17:14:47 <cprofitt> good to hear

 17:15:01 <AlanBell> dholbach: a bit of both, we made some changes in the prior cycle and had stuff like the Lubuntu operators to bring in etc

 17:15:52 <AlanBell> one thing I want to look at soon is disaster recovery for ubottu.com, that server had some reliability issues before christmas and we are a bit more dependent on it than I would like to be

 17:16:15 * cprofitt nods

 17:16:19 <dholbach> do the IRC Council is down to the bottom of their TODO list? :)

 17:16:29 <czajkowski> AlanBell: do you feel it's a quieter cycle as it's the council has been organised and things are running smoothly ?

 17:16:49 <AlanBell> well there is an email in my inbox now that has arrived on the todo list, I think you all have a copy of that too

 17:16:54 <cprofitt> AlanBell: is ubottu currently a single server solution?

 17:16:59 <Tm_T> cprofitt: yes

 17:17:06 <AlanBell> don't really want to go through that until we have all read it

 17:17:06 <cprofitt> AlanBell: yes, we got that email

 17:17:14 <cprofitt> same here AlanBell

 17:17:24 <Tm_T> czajkowski: from long time ops POV I'd say we've quite estamblished team so things are bound to run rather smoothly

 17:17:36 <cprofitt> Tm_T: would you be looking at an HA solution or just a disaster recovery?

 17:17:45 <AlanBell> disaster recovery

 17:17:49 <Tm_T> ^

 17:18:00 <czajkowski> Tm_T: that's good to hear.

 17:18:08 <czajkowski> AlanBell: is there anything the CC can help with ?

 17:18:19 <AlanBell> we are cool with it being down for a few hours, but if it went and didn't come back we would be a bit annoyed

 17:18:28 <AlanBell> so we want a plan for that

 17:18:41 <dholbach> do you have new community members helping out in the irc world?

 17:18:48 * cprofitt nods to AlanBell

 17:18:57 <Tm_T> I wouldn't mind having more fresh blood in our ranks but as IRC administration is easily rather heavy duty I understand why we don't have that much changes

 17:19:12 <Tm_T> dholbach: some, but more wouldn't hurt ^

 17:19:32 <AlanBell> there are a few regular helpers who are not ops

 17:19:50 <AlanBell> some don't really want to be ops, which is fair enough

 17:20:06 <dholbach> did some of them take the ubuntu irc members route?

 17:20:14 <czajkowski> Tm_T: why do you say it's heavy duty ?

 17:20:42 <AlanBell> we have yet to award a membership, but we do have M4V on our agenda as a membership application

 17:21:19 <Tm_T> czajkowski: you know how high-paced #ubuntu can be and when we're doing our work we often face rather abusive response

 17:21:31 <Tm_T> and sometimes decisions have to be done rather quickly

 17:21:47 * cprofitt nods at Tm_T

 17:21:56 <czajkowski> ok

 17:22:26 <Tm_T> I would love to way a find to lower the barrier to get into our irc team activity, something that doesn't necessarily require op rights

 17:22:32 <Tm_T> +find

 17:22:36 <cprofitt> Tm_T: I think there is also a realization by ops that they often represent the face of Ubuntu to users on IRC and their actions will really reflect on the project as a whole

 17:22:48 <Tm_T> cprofitt: that, very much so

 17:23:37 <pleia2> I think there was a UDS session that discussed some tasks others could take on, like bot wrangling and updating of docs

 17:24:13 <Tm_T> yup, that's one thing

 17:24:28 <dholbach> do you have a gut feeling for how well channels like #ubuntu are running, compared to earlier times? more/less bans? more/less complaints? more/less stress?

 17:24:48 <cprofitt> good question dholbach

 17:25:21 <dholbach> I just thought that the team must surely have gotten some experience over the last cycles, which probably helped

 17:25:36 <dholbach> but yeah, just a gut feeling would be good to hear from you :)

 17:25:38 <Tm_T> I feel things are more settled these days as the community has matured somewhat, others might see it differently though ):

 17:25:40 <AlanBell> it goes up and down, we have 1859 users in there at the moment, which is quite a lot, I think the number of bans has probably gone down

 17:25:43 <Tm_T> (: even

 17:26:33 <Tm_T> I spend more time on other channels than #ubuntu so my perspective contains those too

 17:26:39 <AlanBell> I might try and do some stats on the frequency of bans and kicks issued

 17:26:48 <Tm_T> AlanBell: that would be nice

 17:26:59 <AlanBell> we haven't done much time analysis on the data

 17:27:02 <pleia2> gut-wise I've felt things be a whole lot calmer in irc-land

 17:27:13 <cprofitt> I would agree pleia2

 17:27:39 <Tm_T> pleia2: I have a feeling that our community has succeeded on creating an environment that helps on keeping bad behaviour limited (:

 17:27:40 <pleia2> I do see a fair amount of "I can't get help in #ubuntu" but that's really an issue with the size of the channel, it's not really possible to avoid

 17:27:46 <pleia2> Tm_T: yeah

 17:27:56 <pleia2> and plenty of people do get help in #ubuntu

 17:28:15 <AlanBell> there are also good, more focussed channels

 17:28:27 <AlanBell> like #ubuntu-tablet/phone/steam

 17:28:45 <AlanBell> so they are taking some of the chatter load out of #ubuntu

 17:29:05 <pleia2> that's good

 17:29:21 <Tm_T> and flavour channels ofcourse

 17:30:20 <dholbach> is there anything the CC or the wider community could do to help?

 17:30:26 <czajkowski> AlanBell: so now things are stable and working well, what would the IRC like to work on next?

 17:31:01 <Tm_T> dholbach: I would love to improve communication between teams (hey, theme from UDS)

 17:31:20 <Tm_T> I bet there's many ways how irc team could help other teams

 17:32:04 <dholbach> Tm_T, nice one

 17:32:18 <Tm_T> maybe we should advertise "we would love to help you, come and ask!" more or something

 17:32:57 <pleia2> :)

 17:33:10 <dholbach> maybe a session at open week or user days too?

 17:33:18 <dholbach> (in case you haven't done one of these in a while)

 17:33:52 * AlanBell wonders if there is a QML IRC client

 17:33:56 <Tm_T> dholbach: perhaps, but it would be nice to know what others would need from us there (:

 17:33:58 <pleia2> open week would be most appropriate, or stand alone sessions (I think we wanted some this cycle, but didn't get around to it yet)

 17:34:18 <vibhav> AlanBell: I plan on writing one :)

 17:34:48 <pleia2> Tm_T: aha, you have an action item :) https://blueprints.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+spec/community-r-irc-workshops

 17:35:13 <Tm_T> I do

 17:36:22 <Tm_T> but yeah, more of those would be good

 17:37:17 <dholbach> any more questions? :)

 17:37:21 * dholbach is all set

 17:37:26 <czajkowski> likewise

 17:37:32 <cprofitt> I am as well

 17:37:33 <czajkowski> as we do have another board to get through

 17:38:00 <cprofitt> #topic Developer Advisory Team

 17:38:10 <AlanBell> perhaps some CC folk could pop into #ubuntu-irc-council later to chat about the email we received

 17:38:15 <cprofitt> welcome Developer Advisory Team!

 17:38:18 <cprofitt> AlanBell: will do

 17:38:33 <czajkowski> sure

 17:38:35 <dholbach> vibhav, _o/\o_

 17:38:48 <dholbach> hello hello :-D

 17:38:51 <dholbach> got any questions for us? :)

 17:38:52 <czajkowski> aloha :)

 17:39:13 <cprofitt> so how has this cycle been for the team?

 17:39:23 <czajkowski> dholbach: well I don't know much about the board, but I have seen it get involved in some discussion on the DMB, so I'm curious to know who the team is interacting with others and making progress?

 17:40:04 <dholbach> what the DAT does is mostly reaching out to development contributors... to folks who just got their first patch into Ubuntu, so we can welcome them, help them and ask for their feedback

 17:40:09 <vibhav> o/

 17:40:32 <dholbach> but we also talk to more experienced people, ask for their feedback, help them apply for upload rights if we feel they're ready

 17:40:37 <dholbach> and reach out to inactive folks as wlel

 17:40:38 <dholbach> well

 17:40:48 <vibhav> czajkowski: We recently had a meeting and we decided to work on some few targets

 17:41:11 <dholbach> we brought vibhav and jokerdino on board a couple of months ago, which was necessary as some of our old members got quite active with life

 17:41:43 <dholbach> the idea about working more closely with the DMB was in order to help developers who can apply for upload rights soon

 17:42:20 <vibhav> We also aim to help members who are rejected

 17:42:20 <dholbach> Iain Lane brought up the idea and we felt that it'd make sense to have a chat before folks apply, so we can either help fix the application or just take a bit more time until they apply

 17:42:40 <czajkowski> aye Laney does get some good ideas alright :)

 17:42:52 <Laney> meow

 17:42:55 <pleia2> :)

 17:42:58 <vibhav> czajkowski: Indeed

 17:43:16 <czajkowski> dholbach: I see the DAT focuses a lot on the develpers who are already involved, how do you get new people who may be involved locally at loco level to take the plunge

 17:44:01 <dholbach> that's nothing the DAT looks into really - we're mostly reacting to other people's contributions or lack of contributions I guess

 17:44:12 <czajkowski> ah I see

 17:44:18 <vibhav> czajkowski: dholbach maintains a list of New developers which is automatically updated

 17:44:35 <ScottK> dholbach: It might make sense to review the applications on the next DMB meeting agenda and proactively give feedback to applicants if warrented.

 17:44:44 <cprofitt> +1 ScottK

 17:44:51 <dholbach> ScottK, nice one

 17:44:56 <ScottK> (fwiw, we have a meeting Monday)

 17:45:23 <dholbach> I'm in the middle of the craziest of weeks, but I'll add something to my list

 17:45:30 <dholbach> and share it with the rest of the team

 17:45:46 <ScottK> That would also avoid it looking like talk with the DAT before applying is an actual part of the application process.

 17:46:00 <dholbach> no

 17:46:03 <dholbach> I never said that

 17:46:09 <ScottK> I understand.

 17:46:12 <dholbach> it's not necessary and shouldn't be. :-)

 17:46:35 <cprofitt> Is there anythink the CC can do to assist the DAT?

 17:47:07 <dholbach> good question :)

 17:47:23 <dholbach> vibhav, what do you think?

 17:47:32 <dholbach> vibhav, do we maybe need more hands on deck? :)

 17:47:38 <vibhav> dholbach: sure

 17:47:47 <dholbach> that's the only thing I can really think of

 17:47:54 <vibhav> We need people to help put with dat v2

 17:47:56 <dholbach> we should probably start a call for contributors some time soon again

 17:47:58 <dholbach> yes, that too

 17:48:14 <dholbach> dat v2 is the tool we're working on to help us track contributions

 17:48:30 <cprofitt> interesting sounding tool

 17:48:31 <dholbach> we've in the process of moving off of something horrible to something nice and django based

 17:48:40 <vibhav> The current tool we use is a bit broken

 17:48:52 <dholbach> but as we're all involved in all kinds of other teams, we didn't really get much done yet

 17:49:03 <dholbach> Andrew SB is putting some work into it right now

 17:49:21 <dholbach> vibhav, I'll add something to my list, so we can talk about a call for help soon

 17:49:38 <vibhav> Perfect

 17:49:41 <dholbach> :)

 17:49:49 <czajkowski> i take it some level of technical developer is needed in order to help out

 17:50:53 <dholbach> with the dat v2 yes, in general to help out the team not necessarily, although it help if you have a bit of an understanding about ubuntu development or how the development teams here work

 17:51:03 <vibhav> dholbach had written a small spec for dat v2

 17:51:36 <vibhav> https://blueprints.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+spec/community-r-dev-advisory-team

 17:51:41 <dholbach> vibhav, I'll have a chat with Andrew SB about it - once we have reliable data it should be much more fun to help out :)

 17:52:15 <czajkowski> Is there a way the CC can help ?

 17:52:35 <dholbach> not right now, but we might reach out to the CC some time in the future

 17:52:55 <vibhav> I think reaching out for new contributors for dat v2 can help

 17:53:58 <vibhav> Except that, we're quite fine as a team :)

 17:54:53 <czajkowski> nods

 17:54:54 <czajkowski> ok

 17:54:55 <czajkowski> thanks

 17:54:56 <czajkowski> :)

 17:55:03 <vibhav> :)

 17:56:04 <czajkowski> ok any other comments folks before we move on ?

 17:56:04 <dholbach> more questions? Otherwise I'd think that's a wrap. :)

 17:56:43 <czajkowski> going once

 17:56:44 <czajkowski> twice

 17:56:47 <czajkowski> gone

 17:56:48 <czajkowski> :)

 17:56:52 <czajkowski> #topic AOB

 17:57:02 <czajkowski> anyting else we need to look at folks

 17:57:07 <pleia2> I don't think so

 17:57:16 <czajkowski> I know the IRC wants to follow up on stuff we can do that after the meeting or later on

 17:57:29 <czajkowski> our trello looks up to date

 17:57:52 <czajkowski> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)