== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 04 Nov at 16:34 &mdash; 17:06 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2013/ubuntu-meeting.2013-11-04-16.34.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting 
=== Announcements ===
The discussion about "Announcements" started at 16:34.


=== Weekly stand-up report ===
The discussion about "Weekly stand-up report" started at 16:35.


=== Highlighted packages ===
The discussion about "Highlighted packages" started at 17:04.

  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/openjpa.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/flightgear.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/sanlock.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/rawstudio.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/lighttpd.html 

=== Miscellaneous and Questions ===
The discussion about "Miscellaneous and Questions" started at 17:05.




== Vote results ==




== Action items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * jdstrand (53)
 * mdeslaur (18)
 * sarnold (13)
 * chrisccoulson (11)
 * tyhicks (8)
 * ubottu (5)
 * meetingology (3)



== Full Log ==


 16:34 <jdstrand> #startmeeting

 16:34 <meetingology> Meeting started Mon Nov  4 16:34:17 2013 UTC.  The chair is jdstrand. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:34 <meetingology> 

 16:34 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 16:34 <jdstrand> The meeting agenda can be found at:

 16:34 <jdstrand> [LINK] https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting

 16:34 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Announcements

 16:34 <jdstrand> Thanks to the following individuals:

 16:34 <jdstrand> Christian Biamont (christianbiamont) provided a debdiff for precise for xml-security-c (LP: #1192874)

 16:34 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1192874 in xml-security-c (Ubuntu Saucy) "heap overflow while processing InclusiveNamespace PrefixList" [Undecided,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1192874

 16:34 <jdstrand> Felix Geyer (debfx) provided debdiffs for precise-raring for libapache2-mod-fcgid (LP: #1238242)

 16:34 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1238242 in libapache2-mod-fcgid (Ubuntu Lucid) "CVE-2013-4365: possible heap buffer overwrite" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1238242

 16:34 <jdstrand> Felix Geyer (debfx) provided debdiffs for precise-raring for ejabberd (LP: #1239307)

 16:34 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1239307 in ejabberd (Ubuntu Lucid) "Allows SSLv2 and weak ciphers" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1239307

 16:34 <jdstrand> christianbiamont, debfx: Your work is very much appreciated and will keep Ubuntu users secure. Great job! :)

 16:35 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Weekly stand-up report

 16:35 <chrisccoulson> hi!

 16:35 <jdstrand> I'll go first

 16:35 <jdstrand> I'm on triage this week

 16:36 <jdstrand> I've got quite a few things to catch up on from being at the sprint last week

 16:36 <jdstrand> also I need to process/communicate outcomes from sprint next week

 16:36 <jdstrand> in general, there shouldn't be any surprises for our team

 16:37 <jdstrand> nothing major was added to our plans for 14.04 and 14.10

 16:38 <jdstrand> I will be doing a click-apaprmor upload to sponsor a fix for cjwatson. I'm getting some CI testing going around click-apparmor which is why I haven't updated it yet

 16:38 <jdstrand> I hope to have that today or tomorrow at the latest

 16:38 <jdstrand> I know tyhicks wants me to sponsor an apparmor upload

 16:38 <jdstrand> I think that's it for me

 16:38 <jdstrand> mdeslaur: you're up

 16:38 <mdeslaur> hi! I'm on community this week

 16:39 <mdeslaur> I'm currently pushing out libav updates

 16:39 <mdeslaur> FYI, the libav and ffmpeg codebases have diverged to the point of it being unreasonable to track both using the same set of CVEs

 16:39 <mdeslaur> as such, I've updated the CVEs in the tracker

 16:39 <jdstrand> oh, interesting

 16:39 <jdstrand> mdeslaur: updated as in, updated the boilerplate?

 16:40 <mdeslaur> jdstrand: as in added README.libav, killing the boilerplate, and marking existing cves as ignored or not-affected for libav

 16:40 <jdstrand> cool

 16:40 <mdeslaur> we shouldn't track ffmpeg CVEs as affecting libav

 16:41 <jdstrand> I noticed libav is now in universe in trusty

 16:41 <sarnold> does kurt agree?

 16:41 <mdeslaur> tomorrow I'm off, and further down this week, I plan on finishing my merges and picking up some more updates

 16:41 <mdeslaur> sarnold: no idea

 16:42 <mdeslaur> sarnold: but the CVE descriptions never had "libav" in them

 16:42 <mdeslaur> and I can't track vulnerabilities/commits across them

 16:42 <mdeslaur> and libav is commiting a whole slew of independant security fixes now without asking for CVEs

 16:44 <mdeslaur> anyway, that's it from me

 16:44 <mdeslaur> sbeattie: you're up

 16:45 <mdeslaur> hrm, sbeattie seems to be MIA

 16:45 <tyhicks> I'll go

 16:45 <tyhicks> I'll wrap up a pending apparmor upload today and hand it off to jdstrand (thanks!)

 16:45 <tyhicks> Then I need to look into an ecryptfs/apparmor kernel bug that I hit last week

 16:46 <tyhicks> I also have some merges that I need to do

 16:46 <tyhicks> oh, and I need to look at enabling yama on the mobile kernels

 16:47 <tyhicks> that's it for me

 16:47 <tyhicks> jjohansen: you're up

 16:48 <tyhicks> sarnold: lets go to you

 16:48 <sarnold> hehe

 16:49 <sarnold> it appears I'm in my happy place again this week \o/

 16:49 <sarnold> I've been getting the hang of both canonistack and smo ser's virtual maas deployment scripts with an eye towards being able to do some maas update testing

 16:50 <sarnold> I've prepared new versions of the maas updates for release hopefully this week -- it depends if the -proposed updates have moved into the -updates queue yet or not.

 16:50 <mdeslaur> sarnold: \o/

 16:50 <sarnold> (bigjools had finished the last verification-needed test last week, so I hope the automated framework moved them through by now)

 16:51 <sarnold> mdeslaur: yeah, it'll be nice to finally cross these two off the list :)

 16:51 <jdstrand> which two?

 16:52 <sarnold> unfortunately smo ser's older script isn't his preferred testing method, and I had trouble getting the newer script to work, but I think his older script will work well enough for a starting point for documenting how the whole thing works..

 16:52 <sarnold> jdstrand: CVE-2013-1057 and CVE-2013-1058

 16:52 <ubottu> ** RESERVED ** This candidate has been reserved by an organization or individual that will use it when announcing a new security problem.  When the candidate has been publicized, the details for this candidate will be provided. (http://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2013-1057)

 16:52 <ubottu> ** RESERVED ** This candidate has been reserved by an organization or individual that will use it when announcing a new security problem.  When the candidate has been publicized, the details for this candidate will be provided. (http://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2013-1058)

 16:52 <jdstrand> ah, two CVEs, yes (I thought you were talking about source packages)

 16:53 <sarnold> ah :)

 16:53 <sarnold> once this is done I may do another MIR or pick up an update, depending upon mdeslaur's preference :)

 16:54 * mdeslaur consults magic 8 ball

 16:54 <sarnold> chrisccoulson: your turn :)

 16:54 <chrisccoulson> chromium is up to date now (had mozilla updates last week as well)

 16:54 <sarnold> \o/

 16:55 <jdstrand> \o/

 16:55 <mdeslaur> chrisccoulson: woot!

 16:55 <chrisccoulson> this week i shall be helping get people up and running with oxide

 16:56 <mdeslaur> \o/

 16:56 <chrisccoulson> i'm currently trying to improve the workflow for maintaining the chromium patches in oxide. there were various issues at the end of last week

 16:56 <jdstrand> interesting

 16:57 <chrisccoulson> other than that, i'll be back on to the usual again :)

 16:57 <jdstrand> chrisccoulson: so, oxide made a big splash last week-- you should be getting the help now

 16:57 <chrisccoulson> jdstrand, excellent, thanks

 16:57 <chrisccoulson> jdstrand, you did a presentation didn't you?

 16:57 <jdstrand> I did

 16:58 <chrisccoulson> jdstrand,  how did that go?

 16:59 <jdstrand> chrisccoulson: well-- most everyone realized it was the plan of record

 17:00 <jdstrand> chrisccoulson: phonedations had a number of questions cause we hadn't brought them into the loop before that (though they were in the meeting in april and saw the emails on it stating it was the plan)

 17:00 <jdstrand> chrisccoulson: they've done quite a bit of work on qtwebkit to make sure it works well on armhf

 17:01 <chrisccoulson> ah, ok. although i can't imagine it working that well, with no jit ;)

 17:01 <jdstrand> chrisccoulson: and I imagine they will also start helping out soon (eg rsalveti). but like I said elsewhere-- getting you the armhf hardware and you can do some benchmarks marks to give to them

 17:02 <jdstrand> yeah, I don't have the details. you and rsalveti should definitely talk at some point though

 17:02 <chrisccoulson> yeah, that's cool

 17:02 <jdstrand> I want to update/form a new bp for oxide for this cycle

 17:02 <jdstrand> we can talk more about that this week

 17:03 <jdstrand> oh, yes, that is another thing I have to do-- work with mdeslaur and all of you on bps for vUDS

 17:03 <jdstrand> I don't know that we'll have an oxide session-- I think the work is known. we'll discuss later

 17:04 <jdstrand> chrisccoulson: did you have any other questions or anything else to report?

 17:04 <chrisccoulson> jdstrand, no, i think that's me done

 17:04 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Highlighted packages

 17:04 <jdstrand> The Ubuntu Security team will highlight some community-supported packages that might be good candidates for updating and or triaging. If you would like to help Ubuntu and not sure where to start, this is a great way to do so.

 17:04 <jdstrand> See https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/UpdateProcedures for details and if you have any questions, feel free to ask in #ubuntu-security. To find out other ways of helping out, please see https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/GettingInvolved.

 17:04 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/openjpa.html

 17:04 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/flightgear.html

 17:04 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/sanlock.html

 17:04 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/rawstudio.html

 17:04 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/lighttpd.html

 17:05 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Miscellaneous and Questions

 17:05 <jdstrand> Does anyone have any other questions or items to discuss?

 17:06 <jdstrand> mdeslaur, tyhicks, sarnold, chrisccoulson: thanks!

 17:06 <jdstrand> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)