== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 06 Jun at 17:00 &mdash; 17:27 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2013/ubuntu-meeting.2013-06-06-17.00.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lubuntu check-in ===
The discussion about "Lubuntu check-in" started at 17:02.


=== AOB ===
The discussion about "AOB" started at 17:15.




== Vote results ==




== Action items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * pleia2 (31)
 * czajkowski (23)
 * cprofitt (22)
 * phillw (15)
 * YokoZar (12)
 * meetingology (5)
 * beuno (0)



== Full Log ==


 17:00 <pleia2> #startmeeting

 17:00 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Jun  6 17:00:30 2013 UTC.  The chair is pleia2. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 17:00 <meetingology> 

 17:00 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 17:00 <pleia2> Hi everyone :) welcome to the Community Council meeting

 17:01 <pleia2> #chairs czajkowski YokoZar beuno

 17:01 <pleia2> #chair czajkowski YokoZar beuno

 17:01 <meetingology> Current chairs: YokoZar beuno czajkowski pleia2

 17:01 <czajkowski> aloha \o/

 17:01 <YokoZar> Greetings

 17:01 <pleia2> (now not to get my meeting channels mixed up)

 17:01 * cprofitt waives hello

 17:01 <pleia2> our plan today is to meet with some representatives of the Lubuntu project and the Edubuntu council

 17:02 <pleia2> #chair cprofitt

 17:02 <meetingology> Current chairs: YokoZar beuno cprofitt czajkowski pleia2

 17:02 <pleia2> do we have anyone from either team here with us to get started?

 17:02 * phillw waves :)

 17:02 <YokoZar> Hello phillw

 17:02 <cprofitt> hello phillw

 17:02 <phillw> pleia2: I'm the lubuntu person :)

 17:02 <pleia2> phillw: great, we'll start with you then!

 17:02 <pleia2> #topic Lubuntu check-in

 17:03 <pleia2> this is a pretty casual check-in, how the team is doing, any challenges, any ways we can help

 17:03 <phillw> hi, I'm the Team Lead foe lubuntu quality / testing team.

 17:03 <czajkowski> phillw: hey there

 17:03 <czajkowski> thanks for coming

 17:03 <YokoZar> How big is the Lubuntu team would you say, very roughly

 17:03 <phillw> So far, things are going well, we're just deciding on which of the alphas to test (possibly drop a2)

 17:04 * pleia2 nods

 17:05 <phillw> we have approx 10 active testers and 4 devs, 6 people for docs / wiki, a comms team and a small artwork team

 17:05 <pleia2> that's great

 17:05 <czajkowski> phillw: impressively orgnised

 17:06 <phillw> that's down to the various Team Leads, they do outstanding work

 17:06 <czajkowski> phillw: has it been easy to get volunteers to lead your teams?

 17:06 <phillw> I'm not familiar with the translators as they tend to work directly on lxde things and with ubuntu-translators.

 17:07 <phillw> oh, and an irc-ops team!

 17:07 <phillw> it was not too easy at 1st, it was sort of who squealed the least when approached :P

 17:07 <pleia2> hehe

 17:07 <cprofitt> phillw: is there any area that you think the CC could help youre team?

 17:09 <phillw> Nothing springs to mind, the guys & gals are pretty good at sorting out things. We're a mix of democratic and technocratic, as I think all teams are.

 17:09 <czajkowski> phillw: have ye had any issues to deal with ?

 17:10 <pleia2> that's always good to hear :)

 17:10 <YokoZar> Are we doing the "distribution as a whole" thing right in general, or are there systematic things we do that sort of break things for Lubuntu that you have to fix?

 17:10 <phillw> not really, people on the teams understand eachother and don't mind explaining things to other teams

 17:10 <czajkowski> phillw: that is great to hear

 17:12 <phillw> YokoZar: there was the un annnounced (to us) change in the release that drives the artwork and icons a couple of releases ago. But, as the teams have their leaders who keep in touch with those relevant parts we have not had any 'surprises' last two cycles :)

 17:13 <pleia2> sounds like you guys are doing great the, thanks for joining us phillw :)

 17:13 <pleia2> s/the/then

 17:13 <cprofitt> thanks phillw

 17:13 <phillw> 13.10 is actually our stable beta for our 1st LTS, it should be released as full release, but we reserve the right to call it stable beta.

 17:13 <phillw> you're very welcome!

 17:14 <czajkowski> phillw: thank you for the updates today

 17:14 <pleia2> I think we meet at a bad timezone for the edubuntu folks, and they've been pretty focused on LTS lately as far as I can tell, we can follow up at another meeting or over email

 17:14 <czajkowski> phillw: if you ever need to contact the CC please feel free to do so

 17:14 <phillw> thanks

 17:15 <pleia2> #topic AOB

 17:15 <pleia2> anyone else have anything to bring up?

 17:15 <cprofitt> I was wondering if anyone had thried Discourse yet?

 17:16 <cprofitt> tried rather?

 17:16 <czajkowski> I need some free time to try new things :)

 17:16 <pleia2> yep (and it runs on hpcloud!)

 17:16 <pleia2> but I don't really do those web things

 17:16 <czajkowski> I just wonder is another place to put information out there going to dilute the information further

 17:17 <cprofitt> czajkowski: that I think is a concern.

 17:17 <pleia2> I think it's going to be a tough sell to get developers who are comfortable on mailing lists to use it

 17:17 <czajkowski> pleia2: +1

 17:17 <cprofitt> I was thinking we may want to discuss that in an open public session; as part of a larger Ubuntu Community communications

 17:17 <YokoZar> I don't like discourse

 17:17 <czajkowski> me personally nothing will ever replace mailing lists and irc. but who knows.

 17:17 <YokoZar> I don't think it properly replaces forums

 17:18 <YokoZar> cause of all the gamificationy nonsense

 17:18 <YokoZar> at least in terms of forming personal relationships

 17:18 <cprofitt> Having G+, Facebook, Forums, Discourse, Ask Ubuntu, Mailing Lists and IRC is an overload of options

 17:19 <czajkowski> and having to spend more time on other places following the information to make sure it's correct is just another place to watch

 17:19 <pleia2> forums have almost 2 million members (with over 13k online now), I think ever moving that will be impossible

 17:19 <cprofitt> I am sure I forgot identi.ca, Twitter and others too

 17:19 <YokoZar> I don't mean to be a curmudgeon or whatever but I actually use "social" web forums and just about everything the discourse folk wanted to do was deliberately not done for important reasons on that medium.

 17:19 <cprofitt> +1 czajkowski

 17:19 <pleia2> it's by far our biggest support outlet, and seems to be effective for those who use it :)

 17:19 <YokoZar> Although I'll note that we do some of the "don't do this" stuff on the Ubuntu forums, like enable postcounts

 17:20 <czajkowski> pleia2: indeed

 17:20 <cprofitt> pleia2: I agree it works very well for a large group of people

 17:20 <czajkowski> and many people do and will continute to use forums. But equally many will use IRC or Ask Ubuntu over another option

 17:20 <cprofitt> while I am open to trying new things, I think we need to define the problem

 17:20 <czajkowski> but not sure introducingt another "offical" avenue is a good thing imo

 17:20 <cprofitt> right now it seems like a solution seeking a problem to solve

 17:20 <YokoZar> perhaps "monitoring all sources" is not a job meant for us to do ;)

 17:21 <czajkowski> cprofitt: or just cause some new tool is out there we should jump on it and try it

 17:21 <cprofitt> YokoZar: I agree.

 17:21 <czajkowski> YokoZar: I agree but it does fall down to someone to look after and follow up on items

 17:21 <pleia2> I think it's healthy for people to "just do it" as jcastro has, so I don't mind that it exists

 17:21 <czajkowski> YokoZar: do we need another council to look after another tool :)

 17:22 <cprofitt> I do worry about the increasing difficulty of communication between elements of our community though

 17:22 <czajkowski> Such as ?

 17:22 <cprofitt> +1 pleia2

 17:22 <pleia2> at least it's open source thsi time :)

 17:22 <cprofitt> czajkowski: the difficulty I am speaking of is the large number of potential places information is placed...

 17:23 <czajkowski> cprofitt: ah yes I agree there.

 17:23 <cprofitt> though Ubuntu News helps to collect that in a nice package

 17:25 <YokoZar> Personally I think people will discuss Ubuntu wherever they want, and the more we're discussed in places people want to talk the more people will step up there

 17:25 <cprofitt> I would like to invite some community feedback on the issue of communication via different mediums... to find out if others in the community feel it is an issue that we should look at or not.

 17:26 <cprofitt> I tend to agree with that YokoZar

 17:26 <pleia2> sounds good

 17:26 <pleia2> anyone else have anything before we wrap-up?

 17:26 <czajkowski> nope thanks pleia2

 17:27 <cprofitt> yes, thanks pleia2

 17:27 <pleia2> ok, thanks everyone :)

 17:27 <pleia2> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)