== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 30 Jul at 16:02 &mdash; 16:21 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2013/ubuntu-meeting.2013-07-30-16.02.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Review ACTION points from previous meeting ===
The discussion about "Review ACTION points from previous meeting" started at 16:03.


=== Saucy Development ===
The discussion about "Saucy Development" started at 16:05.

  * ''LINK:'' Release Tracking Bug Tasks - http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-s-tracking-bug-tasks.html#server

=== Ubuntu Server Team Events ===
The discussion about "Ubuntu Server Team Events" started at 16:11.


=== Weekly Updates & Questions for the QA Team (plars) ===
The discussion about "Weekly Updates & Questions for the QA Team (plars)" started at 16:13.


=== Weekly Updates & Questions for the Kernel Team (smb) ===
The discussion about "Weekly Updates & Questions for the Kernel Team (smb)" started at 16:16.


=== Weekly Updates & Questions regarding Ubuntu ARM Server (rbasak) ===
The discussion about "Weekly Updates & Questions regarding Ubuntu ARM Server (rbasak)" started at 16:18.


=== Open Discussion ===
The discussion about "Open Discussion" started at 16:19.




== Vote results ==




== Action items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * zul (56)
 * Daviey (5)
 * rbasak (4)
 * psivaa (3)
 * meetingology (3)
 * smb (3)
 * arosales (2)
 * plars (1)



== Full Log ==


 16:02 <zul> #startmeeting

 16:02 <meetingology> Meeting started Tue Jul 30 16:02:58 2013 UTC.  The chair is zul. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:02 <meetingology> 

 16:02 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 16:03 <zul> so welcome to the ubuntu server meeting

 16:03 <zul> #topic Review ACTION points from previous meeting

 16:03 * zul rbasak to land delta report to lp:ubuntu-reports, Daviey to deploy.

 16:03 <zul> rbasak:  here?

 16:04 <zul> i guess not

 16:04 <Daviey> Ooo

 16:04 * zul arosales to review Juju blueprints with owners after OSCON.

 16:04 <Daviey> Erm, it's Sort of done.

 16:04 <zul> arosales: ^^^

 16:04 <arosales> zul,  still in progress

 16:05 <Daviey> delta report is deployed, but blocked on IS ticket to open a firewall egress access

 16:05 <rbasak> Sorry

 16:05 <rbasak> What Daviey said :)

 16:05 <zul> Daviey/arosales/rbasak: okies

 16:05 <zul> moving on

 16:05 <zul> #topic Saucy Development

 16:05 <zul> Daviey:  do you want to take this?

 16:06 <Daviey> zul: Would rather support..

 16:06 <Daviey> (sort of OTP)

 16:06 <zul> Daviey:  k

 16:06 <zul> so

 16:06 <zul> #link Release Tracking Bug Tasks - http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-s-tracking-bug-tasks.html#server

 16:07 <zul> 1199791	still needs to be done

 16:07 <zul> #1203828 is in progress

 16:07 <zul> #1170393 is new one

 16:07 <zul> i guess i can look at it

 16:08 <zul> "quantum services should be respawned by upstart if necessary"

 16:09 <zul> and http://status.ubuntu.com/ubuntu-s/group/topic-s-servercloud-overview.html

 16:09 <zul> looks like we are making progress

 16:09 <zul> anything else ro bring up?

 16:09 <zul> arosales: ^^^

 16:10 <zul> if not we can move on

 16:11 <zul> ok then

 16:11 <zul> #topic Ubuntu Server Team Events

 16:11 <zul> any events coming up?

 16:11 <zul> oscon was last week

 16:11 <zul> ODS is still coming up in november

 16:12 <zul> any other events or are people still sleeping?

 16:12 <zul> ah hah sleeping!

 16:13 <zul> #topic Weekly Updates & Questions for the QA Team (plars)

 16:13 <arosales> zul, nothing extra to bring up

 16:13 <zul> hi plars any update?

 16:13 <plars> zul: I think psivaa is actually covering now. Unless he has something though, I don't at the moment

 16:14 <zul> hi psivaa  any update

 16:14 <psivaa> plars: zul: sorry, no updates from our side

 16:14 <zul> any quetsions for psivaa?

 16:14 <psivaa> i'll be attending from now on btw

 16:15 <zul> ack ill update the agenda after the meeting

 16:15 <psivaa> thanks

 16:15 <zul> ok next i guess is

 16:16 <zul> #topic Weekly Updates & Questions for the Kernel Team (smb)

 16:16 * smb tries to actually cover, too

 16:16 <zul> hi smb any updated

 16:16 <smb> I thought to be quite close on having Xen 4.3 mostly working but found today some very weird behavior of the old stack that was pretty sure working before (meaning Raring). And the more I dig, there more I am in the lands of heck. Beside that I will be in London from Wednesday to join our kernel-team sprint.

 16:16 <zul> updates even

 16:16 <zul> smb: cool!

 16:16 <zul> xen is fun

 16:16 <zul> not really

 16:16 <zul> any questions for smb?

 16:17 <smb> zul, plenty of not fun

 16:17 <zul> smb: better you than me

 16:17 <zul> if no more questions...

 16:18 <zul> #topic Weekly Updates & Questions regarding Ubuntu ARM Server (rbasak)

 16:18 <rbasak> Nothing new to report. Any questions for me?

 16:18 <zul> rbasak:  if a tree falls in a forest..

 16:19 <rbasak> ...just bring up another tree. This is the cloud, after all.

 16:19 <zul> no questions for rbasak i take it

 16:19 <zul> damn straight

 16:19 <zul> #topic Open Discussion

 16:19 <zul> anyone has anything to bring up

 16:21 <zul> well then

 16:21 <zul> same time next week

 16:21 <zul> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)