== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting: dblueman1 for Ubuntu Membership, 05 Sep at 22:05 &mdash; 22:51 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2013/ubuntu-meeting.2013-09-05-22.05.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

''Vote:'' c_smith for Ubuntu Membership (Carried)
''LINK:'' https://www.google.com/search?sitesearch=lkml.org&q=%22Signed-off-by:+Daniel+J+Blueman 
''LINK:'' https://bugs.launchpad.net/~danielblueman 
''Vote:'' dblueman1 for Ubuntu Membership (Denied)



== Vote results ==

 * dblueman1 for Ubuntu Membership
  * Motion denied (For/Against/Abstained 0/3/2)
 * c_smith for Ubuntu Membership
  * Motion carried (For/Against/Abstained 5/0/0)



== Action items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * hggdh (37)
 * meetingology (26)
 * dblueman1 (26)
 * c_smith (23)
 * Pendulum (9)
 * PabloRubianes (8)
 * chilicuil (7)
 * bkerensa-remote (6)



== Full Log ==


 22:05 <hggdh> #startmeeting

 22:05 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Sep  5 22:05:58 2013 UTC.  The chair is hggdh. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 22:05 <meetingology> 

 22:05 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 22:06 <hggdh> OK. Welcome to the Ubuntu Membership Board meeting for September 5th 2013, 22:00 UTC

 22:07 <hggdh> @voters Pendulum chilicuil hggdh PabloRubianes

 22:07 <meetingology> hggdh: Error: "voters" is not a valid command.

 22:07 <hggdh> #voters Pendulum chilicuil hggdh PabloRubianes

 22:07 <meetingology> Current voters: PabloRubianes Pendulum chilicuil hggdh

 22:07 <hggdh> bah

 22:07 <dblueman1> I'm here for the meeting also

 22:08 <hggdh> we expect candidates to speak up when we call them, and give us a brief intro on why they are qualified for membership; links to the LP and Wiki pages should be provided

 22:08 <c_smith> noted

 22:08 <hggdh> anyone willing to support and cheer for the candidates, please feel free to do so

 22:09 <hggdh> So... let's get on to it

 22:09 <hggdh> #meetingtopic RMB -- c_smith

 22:09 <hggdh> c_smith: please present yourself

 22:10 <c_smith> Hi, I'm Cody Smith (Wiki: https://wiki.ubuntu.com/Cody.Smith Launchpad: https://launchpad.net/~cody.smith), I mainly contribute through my Local LoCo (Ubuntu Oregon). and occasional bug reports and fixes

 22:11 <c_smith> I haven't contributed fixes in a while, but I still report bugs I find.

 22:11 <c_smith> I try and get awareness of Ubuntu (and free software in general) whenever I can

 22:11 <c_smith> *whenever and wherever I can

 22:13 <Pendulum> c_smith: Can you expand some more on what you do with your LoCo?

 22:13 <hggdh> c_smith: yes, please. Your wiki application is -- being candid -- poor on details

 22:15 <c_smith> sure, I started an Ubuntu Hour here in my hometown (most members are an hour north of me) and with what I have done I (as slangesek has said in the comments) help set the pace for the Loco.

 22:15 <c_smith> I do what I can for the LoCo (and Ubuntu at large) in the spare time I have.

 22:16 <c_smith> if any more details are needed, please, ask for them.

 22:17 <c_smith> oh, one thing I forgot to mention

 22:18 <c_smith> at the Ubuntu hours, we occasionally get people who are wanting to try Ubuntu, yet don't know where to start, and those of us there (2-3 people including myself) try and get them the info they need to have the most success they can

 22:19 <hggdh> c_smith: and how long have you been with the LoCo?

 22:19 <c_smith> hggdh, if memory serves. since just before the 11.04 series.

 22:20 <hggdh> c_smith: thank you. Can you please give us a bit so that we can discuss internally?

 22:20 <c_smith> sure.

 22:20 <hggdh> #voters Pendulum chilicuil hggdh PabloRubianes bkerensa-remote

 22:20 <meetingology> Current voters: PabloRubianes Pendulum bkerensa-remote chilicuil hggdh

 22:22 <hggdh> #vote c_smith for Ubuntu Membership

 22:22 <meetingology> Please vote on: c_smith for Ubuntu Membership

 22:22 <meetingology> Public votes can be registered by saying +1, +0 or -1 in channel, (private votes don't work yet, but when they do it will be by messaging the channel followed by +1/-1/+0 to me)

 22:22 <bkerensa-remote> +1 Excellent work over the years Cody! Keep up the good work and I look forward to seeing your expanded contributions as you continue to grow in the Ubuntu Community

 22:22 <meetingology> +1 Excellent work over the years Cody! Keep up the good work and I look forward to seeing your expanded contributions as you continue to grow in the Ubuntu Community received from bkerensa-remote

 22:22 <PabloRubianes> +1 c_smith great work and consistance in the ubuntu hours

 22:22 <meetingology> +1 c_smith great work and consistance in the ubuntu hours received from PabloRubianes

 22:22 <Pendulum> +1 I'm impressed with your commitment, especially the Ubuntu Hours

 22:22 <meetingology> +1 I'm impressed with your commitment, especially the Ubuntu Hours received from Pendulum

 22:22 <hggdh> +1 although the wiki is poor, the testimonials pretty much nail it

 22:22 <meetingology> +1 although the wiki is poor, the testimonials pretty much nail it received from hggdh

 22:22 <chilicuil> +1, keep up the good work

 22:22 <meetingology> +1, keep up the good work received from chilicuil

 22:22 <hggdh> #endvote

 22:22 <meetingology> Voting ended on: c_smith for Ubuntu Membership

 22:22 <meetingology> Votes for:5 Votes against:0 Abstentions:0

 22:22 <meetingology> Motion carried

 22:23 <hggdh> c_smith: WELCOME!

 22:23 <PabloRubianes> congrats c_smith !!!

 22:23 <Pendulum> c_smith: congrats and welcome!

 22:23 <chilicuil> c_smith: congrats =), welcome abroad, thanks for inspire us

 22:23 <c_smith> thanks.

 22:23 <c_smith> may I update you with the correct date I joined the LoCoo

 22:23 <c_smith> ?

 22:23 <hggdh> c_smith: certainly

 22:23 <bkerensa-remote> c_smith: thats not important now

 22:24 <bkerensa-remote> :)

 22:24 <bkerensa-remote> or ok

 22:24 <c_smith> 2011-08-10

 22:24 <c_smith> gotta message from someone about that, not sure they want to be identified, I'll have them come out with that part.

 22:24 <c_smith> *got a

 22:25 <hggdh> c_smith: thank you. and thank you for all yout work. No need to identify

 22:25 <c_smith> hggdh, cool

 22:25 <c_smith> will I be needed for the rest of the meeting? or can I go get the dinner I've been being hounded to grab?

 22:25 <hggdh> #meetingtopic dblueman1 for Ubuntu Membership

 22:26 <chilicuil> c_smith: feel free to get dinner

 22:26 <c_smith> cool

 22:26 <c_smith> I'm message me if there's anything needed.

 22:26 <hggdh> dblueman1: please introduce yourself, with LP and wiki links. Please detail what you have done that warrants a membership

 22:26 <c_smith> *I'm out

 22:26 <dblueman1> Hi; I'm Daniel J Blueman, a software developer who's been using Ubuntu the last 8 years, contributing bug reporting, analysis and fixes. ( https://wiki.ubuntu.com/DanielBlueman , https://launchpad.net/~watchmaker , https://launchpad.net/~danielblueman for further history )

 22:27 <hggdh> PabloRubianes: thank you, sir

 22:27 <dblueman1> Most of my contributions relate to the linux kernel, including developing testcases to provoke bugs in btrfs, platform enablement and so on:

 22:27 <dblueman1> https://www.google.com/search?sitesearch=lkml.org&q=%22Signed-off-by:+Daniel+J+Blueman

 22:27 <chilicuil> have you worked with the Ubuntu Kernel team at any point? dblueman1 ?

 22:28 <dblueman1> my Ubuntu-specific contributions relate to kernel configuration, so I join the Ubuntu Kernel mailing list and raise matters when eg there are things I suggest

 22:28 <dblueman1> likewise for other more general Ubuntu topics with the Ubuntu dev mailing list

 22:30 <dblueman1> other package-related contribution comes when I hit a package issue, then I'll open/develop a LP bug report sometimes to resolution

 22:31 <dblueman1> I've been moving more to contributing at a local community level, deploying Edubuntu in two schools in Singapore and organising local Singapore and Philippines mirrors

 22:31 <chilicuil> dblueman1: why you didn't ask for testimonials for your wiki application?

 22:32 <dblueman1> I probably will if later I apply for Ubuntu developer membership

 22:33 <dblueman1> quite a few Ubuntu developers will know me from my interactions on the Ubuntu Kernel ML and the Ubuntu Dev ML, so I could solicit testimonials

 22:33 <Pendulum> dblueman1: quite honestly it's just as important to have testimonials for Ubuntu Membership applications.

 22:33 <hggdh> dblueman1: this is a problem for us: although I can see you active on lkml, there is not much in #ubuntu-devel; I do not follow the kernel ml, though

 22:34 <Pendulum> (and we accept testimonials from anyone, plenty of kernel team members have given testimonials for folks applying for Ubuntu Membership)

 22:34 <hggdh> dblueman1: so we cannot verify your work on Ubuntu... the testimonials would help a lot

 22:34 <bkerensa-remote> dblueman1: it is hard for us to guage your contributions to Ubuntu without testimonials or some tangible patches on LP

 22:34 <dblueman1> I see that

 22:35 <chilicuil> dblueman1: did you know that the ubuntu developer membership gives you the ubuntu membership automatically?

 22:35 <dblueman1> my activity history in LP gives us that

 22:35 <dblueman1> yes, though I'm applying for non-developer membership

 22:36 <PabloRubianes> dblueman1, I am afraid your LP accounts have little activity

 22:36 <hggdh> dblueman1: you have one code fix and a few bugs on LP that I can see. Not much to gauge participation

 22:36 <dblueman1> https://bugs.launchpad.net/~danielblueman

 22:36 <Pendulum> dblueman1: are you involved with your local Ubuntu community at all?

 22:37 <hggdh> 266 bugs total on LP

 22:38 <hggdh> (reported, commented, worked on, etc)

 22:38 <dblueman1> from involvement of the local Linux group here in Singapore, there is less momentum in the Ubuntu LoCo, though I plan to bring more engagement later

 22:39 <dblueman1> what I value before that, is the develop the awareness of Edubuntu in education here, and in countries in SE Asia

 22:40 <Pendulum> dblueman1: do you have any photos or articles or anything about the work you've done with getting Edubuntu into the schools?

 22:41 <dblueman1> myself and two teachers have been preparing to document this at http://open-school.net , which I recently deployed

 22:42 <dblueman1> (pending me setting up MediaWiki visual editing and other config changes)

 22:43 <dblueman1> but we have a loose team of 5 people who are waiting to be involved

 22:43 <hggdh> dblueman1: let us discuss a bit;

 22:43 <dblueman1> I can cite a Ministry of Education award application using Edubuntu also; se

 22:43 <dblueman1> sec

 22:44 <dblueman1> (uploading PDF to my site)

 22:46 <dblueman1> sorry to keep you

 22:46 <hggdh> no prob

 22:47 <hggdh> dblueman1: no worry, we are ready to vote

 22:47 <hggdh> #vote dblueman1 for Ubuntu Membership

 22:47 <meetingology> Please vote on: dblueman1 for Ubuntu Membership

 22:47 <meetingology> Public votes can be registered by saying +1, +0 or -1 in channel, (private votes don't work yet, but when they do it will be by messaging the channel followed by +1/-1/+0 to me)

 22:47 <bkerensa-remote> -1

 22:47 <meetingology> -1 received from bkerensa-remote

 22:48 <Pendulum> +0 I'd really like to see more documentation of what you've done and some testimonials to actually show some community involvement

 22:48 <meetingology> +0 I'd really like to see more documentation of what you've done and some testimonials to actually show some community involvement received from Pendulum

 22:48 <chilicuil> +0, you have good stuff, however I think you can improve even further your application and involvement

 22:48 <meetingology> +0, you have good stuff, however I think you can improve even further your application and involvement received from chilicuil

 22:48 <hggdh> -1 missing details and testimonials; should have been provided before the meeting

 22:48 <meetingology> -1 missing details and testimonials; should have been provided before the meeting received from hggdh

 22:48 <PabloRubianes> -1 Im sorry but the application need a lots of improvements, please comeback un a few time

 22:48 <meetingology> -1 Im sorry but the application need a lots of improvements, please comeback un a few time received from PabloRubianes

 22:48 <hggdh> #endvote

 22:48 <meetingology> Voting ended on: dblueman1 for Ubuntu Membership

 22:48 <meetingology> Votes for:0 Votes against:3 Abstentions:2

 22:48 <meetingology> Motion denied

 22:49 <hggdh> dblueman1: please improve your application, and come back; alternatively, you can apply for developer's, which automatically carries a membership

 22:50 <dblueman1> (http://quora.org/innovation-award.pdf : Singapore Ministry of Education innovation award 2013, Edubuntu multi-seat interaction)

 22:50 <PabloRubianes> dblueman1, also try to join your nearest LoCo

 22:50 <dblueman1> alright; I'll work on that

 22:51 <PabloRubianes> dblueman1, also things like the award should be in the wiki in the first place

 22:51 <dblueman1> indeed

 22:51 <PabloRubianes> if you need help improving your wiki please ask us

 22:51 <PabloRubianes> we can provide feedback

 22:51 <hggdh> and will be ahppy to do so

 22:51 <Pendulum> definitely

 22:51 <hggdh> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)