#title #ubuntu-meeting: Ubuntu-TV Community Meeting

Meeting started by CrestedNewt at 18:16:50 UTC.  The full logs are
available at
http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2013/ubuntu-meeting.2013-02-22-18.16.log.html
.



== Meeting summary ==

''ACTION:'' mhall119 - try and get an update on technology direction from Canonical  (CrestedNewt, 18:29:03)
''LINK:'' http://askubuntu.com/questions/259583/where-to-find-ubuntu-application-and-libhud1-dev   (CrestedNewt, 18:38:57)



Meeting ended at 18:42:55 UTC.



== Votes ==




== Action items ==

 * mhall119 - try and get an update on technology direction from Canonical



== Action items, by person ==

 * mhall119
 ** mhall119 - try and get an update on technology direction from Canonical



== People present (lines said) ==

 * CrestedNewt (33)
 * mhall119 (20)
 * meetingology (4)



== Full Log ==


 18:16:50 <CrestedNewt> #startmeeting Ubuntu-TV Community Meeting

 18:16:50 <meetingology> Meeting started Fri Feb 22 18:16:50 2013 UTC.  The chair is CrestedNewt. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 18:16:50 <meetingology> 

 18:16:50 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 18:17:27 <CrestedNewt> Evening all, we were waiting for the Ubuntu Phone software so not much has been happening.

 18:17:43 <CrestedNewt> from my end anyway

 18:17:54 <mhall119> mine either

 18:18:57 <CrestedNewt> Well what I have from the last meeting is the following

 18:19:04 <CrestedNewt> Action points

 18:19:24 <CrestedNewt> 1. bobweaver working on porting dconf-qt to qt5

 18:19:37 <mhall119> I believe I saw that he's made some progress on that

 18:19:59 <CrestedNewt> 2. bobweaver working on porting libbamf and launcher to qt5

 18:20:01 <mhall119> unfortunately he's not here to give an official update on it

 18:20:12 <CrestedNewt> 3. Make an ISO

 18:21:28 <CrestedNewt> 4. tgm4883 look at SVO (? can't read my own writing) for front end and find some more 'cool stuff'

 18:22:14 <CrestedNewt> 5. crestednewt to make a video of other PVR system for the group - not done

 18:22:37 <CrestedNewt> 6. crestednewt to talk to ARM - done but waiting a call back

 18:22:44 <CrestedNewt> end of list

 18:23:14 <mhall119> so for #2, there may be some stuff in the Touch release that bobweaver can use

 18:23:28 <mhall119> though it doesn't appear to be doing much atm, so maybe he'll have more to give that to take

 18:24:02 <CrestedNewt> mhall119 - I know that he did something and his whole setup crashed. let me grab the post

 18:24:43 <CrestedNewt> Dang Compiz and unity-greeter just killed my house. Droped a big old bomb. I better not upgrade on other machines. Now to reconfigure all my TV's OUCH !!!!!

 18:25:03 <CrestedNewt> This programming stuff I have no idea's about though

 18:26:54 <mhall119> now that the touch code is out, he's going to have more to play with

 18:27:05 <mhall119> probably means he'll go back and re-do some stuff

 18:27:29 <CrestedNewt> Well I know that he is getting really fed up re-doing stuff

 18:27:43 <mhall119> yeah, but he's been waiting to see this code for a while now

 18:27:58 <CrestedNewt> well hopefully that will put a smile back on his face :D

 18:28:04 <mhall119> I guess we'll get an update from him next week on what it means for TV's development

 18:28:31 <mhall119> I'll take an action item for this week to try and get an update on technology direction from Canonical

 18:29:03 <CrestedNewt> #action mhall119 - try and get an update on technology direction from Canonical

 18:29:03 * meetingology mhall119 - try and get an update on technology direction from Canonical

 18:29:17 <mhall119> so that we can tell him for sure whether Compiz+Nux or QML+(something) should be used for TV

 18:29:50 <CrestedNewt> That would be fantastic! I really feel for him as he is doing a huge amount of work

 18:30:00 <mhall119> as for the ISO, I don't know anything on that front

 18:30:27 <mhall119> nor anything about "SVO"

 18:30:29 <CrestedNewt> well if it is all change again, we can't even look at an ISO until there is something which is stable

 18:30:53 <mhall119> agreed

 18:31:00 <mhall119> what were you talking to ARM about?

 18:31:55 <CrestedNewt> bobweaver wants to get a board to test TV on. I was looking for a manufacturer of ARM TV suitable boards in upstate NY to hopefully get him a 'test bed'

 18:32:19 <mhall119> ah, ok

 18:32:20 <CrestedNewt> either on loan or as a min spec board from this manufacturer

 18:33:51 <CrestedNewt> so that when there is a working product, we could use that as the minimum spec for people to use for deployment - hope that makes sense

 18:34:09 <mhall119> yeah, makes sense

 18:34:40 <CrestedNewt> I'm trying to use my commercial skills to add value to the project

 18:35:44 <CrestedNewt> Well, unless you have something else to add, should we wrap this up

 18:36:01 <CrestedNewt> oh - is tgm4883 coming back?

 18:36:52 <mhall119> what do you mean?

 18:36:54 <CrestedNewt> yep tgm4883 has said that he is joining now

 18:36:58 <mhall119> ah, cool

 18:38:55 <CrestedNewt> btw, bobweaver has posted a question....

 18:38:57 <CrestedNewt> http://askubuntu.com/questions/259583/where-to-find-ubuntu-application-and-libhud1-dev

 18:40:22 <mhall119> CrestedNewt: I'll hunt down answers for that

 18:40:38 <CrestedNewt> mhall119 - thanks :D

 18:41:24 <CrestedNewt> well it looks like tgm4883 isn't coming in :(

 18:41:54 <CrestedNewt> not much else to do then other than to wrap this up and meet up again next week

 18:42:55 <CrestedNewt> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)