== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 17 Oct at 17:03 &mdash; 17:08 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2013/ubuntu-meeting.2013-10-17-17.03.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==




== Vote results ==




== Action items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * pleia2 (13)
 * czajkowski (5)
 * dholbach (5)
 * meetingology (4)



== Full Log ==


 17:03 <pleia2> #startmeeting

 17:03 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Oct 17 17:03:00 2013 UTC.  The chair is pleia2. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 17:03 <meetingology> 

 17:03 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 17:03 <czajkowski> Aloha

 17:03 <pleia2> #chair dholbach czajkowski

 17:03 <meetingology> Current chairs: czajkowski dholbach pleia2

 17:03 <dholbach> hey hey

 17:03 <pleia2> just going to have a quick Community Council meeting :)

 17:03 <pleia2> happy release day everyone!

 17:03 <czajkowski> \o/  nice work everyone!

 17:04 <pleia2> some may have noticed that both the memberships of the CC and the Tech Board have expired, oops :) we're working with sabdfl to get them restaffed

 17:04 <pleia2> CC just needs sabdfl to review the candidate list and send out the poll, TB needs a call for nominations

 17:05 <dholbach> yep, I was in touch with clan about the CC candidate list, so I'm sure she's going to pass it on to him

 17:05 <dholbach> any other open questions?

 17:06 <czajkowski> is there anyone not expiring from the TB that could put the call out

 17:06 <czajkowski> so we can get that bit moving

 17:06 <pleia2> I sent a mail to their list on tuesday suggesting they do that, but it's stuck in the moderation queue

 17:06 <pleia2> tech board busy on release week? say it ain't so :)

 17:07 <pleia2> as far as the tech board goes, we might suggest to sabdfl that the terms get extended until it can be restaffed

 17:07 <pleia2> the CC is close enough that I think we're ok for a couple of weeks

 17:07 <czajkowski> nods

 17:08 <dholbach> awesome

 17:08 <pleia2> alright, I think that's it

 17:08 <dholbach> with that it looks like everybody can go back to release celebrations? :-)

 17:08 <pleia2> \o/

 17:08 <pleia2> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)