== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 15 Aug at 17:05 &mdash; 17:42 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2013/ubuntu-meeting.2013-08-15-17.05.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Meeting the Doc team ===
The discussion about "Meeting the Doc team" started at 17:05.

  * ''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/DocumentationTeam/GettingStarted was recently rewritten, so that's a start

=== Any other business? ===
The discussion about "Any other business?" started at 17:31.




== Vote results ==




== Action items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * dholbach (38)
 * pleia2 (28)
 * bkerensa (26)
 * dsmythies (17)
 * meetingology (4)
 * YokoZar (3)
 * beuno (0)
 * czajkowski (0)



== Full Log ==


 17:05 <dholbach> #startmeeting

 17:05 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Aug 15 17:05:02 2013 UTC.  The chair is dholbach. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 17:05 <meetingology> 

 17:05 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 17:05 <YokoZar> Excellent :)

 17:05 <dholbach> #chair dholbach pleia2 YokoZar beuno czajkowski

 17:05 <meetingology> Current chairs: YokoZar beuno czajkowski dholbach pleia2

 17:05 <dholbach> #topic Meeting the Doc team

 17:06 <dholbach> hey dsmythies - thanks a lot for turning up

 17:06 <dholbach> how are you doing?

 17:06 <dsmythies> fine. Things are proceeding, but slowly.

 17:07 <pleia2> https://wiki.ubuntu.com/DocumentationTeam/GettingStarted was recently rewritten, so that's a start

 17:07 <dholbach> the Docs team underwent sort of a transition recently - how are things looking? :)

 17:07 <pleia2> unfortunately the team still lacks solid leadership, so decisions mill around a bit

 17:07 <dholbach> which topics are currently under discussion?

 17:08 <YokoZar> The CC is still a "member" of the docs team, isn't it?

 17:08 <pleia2> YokoZar: yeah

 17:08 <pleia2> we own it

 17:08 <dsmythies> Yes, CC owns it, but we have a transition plan

 17:09 <dsmythies> where step 1 was adding new admins

 17:09 <pleia2> dsmythies: a few have been added, do you see a clear person to take over as owner?

 17:10 <dsmythies> No, I don't.

 17:10 <pleia2> that's how I feel too

 17:10 <YokoZar> I believe pleia2 has been most on top of the transition, and I do thank her :)

 17:10 <dholbach> are there lots of important subjects which mill around?

 17:10 <pleia2> bkerensa got off to a good start, but he seems pretty over-committed right now

 17:11 <dsmythies> we seem a bit stalled on the new "getting started" page.

 17:11 <pleia2> yeah, it did get moved over but there are still some outstanding comments about it

 17:11 <dsmythies> for my part of it, I have been busy with smething else.

 17:12 <bkerensa> pleia2: very accurate

 17:12 <dsmythies> For serverguide, we have good plans going forward, which Peter M has put into a blueprint.

 17:12 <bkerensa> pleia2:  I think things will slow down shortly on my other commitments though and allow more time for docs

 17:12 <pleia2> so I think the main problem is that even the new key people involved are very busy :)

 17:12 <dholbach> would it help to ask past committers to lp:ubuntu-docs for a review of the getting started page?

 17:12 <pleia2> dsmythies: server guide is really on top of things, great job with that :)

 17:13 <bkerensa> pleia2: I think a big piece has been the ability to find people to delegate to slowed down

 17:13 <pleia2> dholbach: we've bugged them to their breaking point I think, our next step is asking *new* contributors if they can effectively follow it

 17:13 <bkerensa> pleia2: there was a burst of enthusiasm and then when it came to getting stuff reviewed it slowed down a bit

 17:13 <dholbach> pleia2, ok... good thinking :)

 17:13 <pleia2> and have a team meeting

 17:14 <bkerensa> yes

 17:14 <pleia2> so I'd say in all dsmythies was right on with "proceeding, but slowly.

 17:15 <pleia2> thanks bkerensa

 17:15 <bkerensa> Ideally once we get the getting started complete I think the tasks we have left are really quite easy for those involved to address

 17:15 <bkerensa> docs is mostly maintenance

 17:15 <bkerensa> maintenance + release

 17:15 <dholbach> what would next steps be once the getting started page looks good and you've had a team meeting?

 17:15 <pleia2> that's what we should figure out at the team meeting ;)

 17:16 <dholbach> ok :)

 17:16 <pleia2> the docs need to be updated for 13.10, so probably launching that effort formally

 17:16 <bkerensa> dholbach: so then I would want to improve our tool sets and add a doc to the repo that shows how to do release since I am the only one who knows how

 17:16 <bkerensa> :s

 17:16 <bkerensa> dholbach: nobody every release documented the process so we had to ask a lot of people

 17:16 <dholbach> that sounds like a good idea :)

 17:16 <bkerensa> ever*

 17:16 <pleia2> step 3: download bkerensa's brain

 17:16 <bkerensa> also we need to fix the screenshots script

 17:17 <bkerensa> we cannot update screenshots in doc until we have that fixed :/

 17:17 <pleia2> yeah, that would be good

 17:17 <bkerensa> Perhaps we could do a call for help on that

 17:17 <pleia2> yep

 17:18 <bkerensa> So I think the key things are 1. ) Keep momentum 2.) finish what we set out to do this cycle 3.) Bring in new contributors to continue momentum each cycle

 17:19 <dsmythies> Actually, serverguide is quite behind, (maybe 15% of what needs to be done got done last cycle) it is just that it seems to be doing better than the desktop guide.

 17:20 <dsmythies> The transition from master docs to help.ubuntu.com needs some attention also. I hope to work on it some this cycle, and have alreayd done some.

 17:20 <dholbach> it's good to hear that you seem to have a good idea what's coming up next

 17:22 <dholbach> is there anything the CC could do to help?

 17:23 <dsmythies> I don't think so. Benjamin, what do you think?

 17:23 <dholbach> it's fantastic that you all plunged in and helped getting the team back on track

 17:25 <dsmythies> The gap created by Mat East and Jermey stepping back is enormous. I don't think any of us realized how much those guys did. However, they tended not to write down what they were doing, from the "committer" level.

 17:26 * pleia2 nods

 17:26 <pleia2> I think bkerensa was able to get most of what we needed via discussion with them on specific procedures though

 17:26 <dholbach> yeah, I can see how that happens :/

 17:26 <bkerensa> so

 17:26 <pleia2> documenting is boring :)

 17:26 <bkerensa> I do not think the CC can help anymore

 17:26 <dholbach> haha

 17:27 <bkerensa> ultimately the CC should feel free to hold the teams hand as long as you all think its neccesary

 17:27 <bkerensa> but I do not think any benefit will come from that

 17:27 <bkerensa> I think pleia2 has been very helpful in encouraging the transition

 17:27 <pleia2> bkerensa: do you see a clear leader to pass along team ownership to?

 17:27 <bkerensa> Not currently no

 17:28 <pleia2> currently that's all the CC is really doing (I'm doing this partially on my own too, less CC)

 17:28 <bkerensa> yeah

 17:28 <bkerensa> I do not want to see us rush into naming a new lead

 17:28 <dholbach> that makes perfect sense

 17:28 <pleia2> ok, so for now CC will remain owner

 17:28 <bkerensa> I think it would be good to find someone when one of us feel were up to it and have demonstrated it

 17:28 * pleia2 nods

 17:29 <dholbach> cool

 17:29 <dholbach> thanks a bunch to all of you!

 17:29 <bkerensa> thank you all

 17:29 <dholbach> I don't have any more questions - anyone else from the CC?

 17:29 <pleia2> thanks everyone

 17:29 <dsmythies> More on the serverguide side of it, we are tryiing to write everything down, such that is we disappear what to do is clearly documented.

 17:30 <dholbach> all right... seems like not

 17:30 <dholbach> keep up the good work! :)

 17:31 <dholbach> #topic Any other business?

 17:31 <dholbach> Does anyone have any other topics to discuss?

 17:31 <dsmythies> I just want to mention something...

 17:32 <dholbach> dsmythies, sure

 17:33 <dsmythies> we are hoping to post all langusges of serverguide to help.ubuntu.com for 13.10. This would then be the same as the desktop guide. Currently only english serverguide is posted. However, there are issues with some languages, that might take longer than 13.10 to sort out.

 17:34 <dholbach> dsmythies, are the problems well-understood?

 17:36 <dsmythies> No, at least not by me. There are bugs reports. However, my thinking was to get it wokring for all langusges first, and then proceed to fix the ones that do not convert properly.

 17:36 <dholbach> ok, that's good to know - if the bugs are at least filed

 17:36 <dholbach> maybe it'd help to ask for help getting them fixed in a blog entry or something?

 17:37 <dsmythies> ... all in good time. Myself, I'm not there yet. I only did enough work to realize it was going to be difficult to solve.

 17:38 <dholbach> ok :/

 17:39 <dholbach> anything else from the docs team?

 17:39 <dholbach> anyone got any other business to discuss?

 17:39 <dsmythies> No.

 17:40 <dholbach> thanks again! :)

 17:40 <dholbach> all right then... pleia2: anything else from you?

 17:42 <dholbach> oook, in that case ... :)

 17:42 <dholbach> have a great rest of your day everyone

 17:42 <pleia2> :)

 17:42 <dholbach> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)