#title #ubuntu-meeting Meeting

Meeting started by slangasek at 15:03:31 UTC.  The full logs are
available at
http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2013/ubuntu-meeting.2013-03-13-15.03.log.html
.



== Meeting summary ==

 *lightning round$ echo $(shuf -e barry doko stgraber jodh ev bdmurray slangasek ogra cjwatson xnox stokachu)

 *lightning round
''ACTION:'' xnox to merge busybox  (xnox, 15:06:59)
''ACTION:'' ogra_ to email u-d about panda desktop EOL  (xnox, 15:07:27)

 *Blueprints

 *Bugs/errors/defects
''ACTION:'' disable -proposed in the upgrader, and for existing pre-release users who have it enabled.  (xnox, 15:44:04)

 *AOB
''LINK:'' https://blueprints.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+spec/client-1303-delivering-touch-apps-to-raring   (slangasek, 16:03:02)



Meeting ended at 16:06:45 UTC.



== Votes ==




== Action items ==

 * xnox to merge busybox
 * ogra_ to email u-d about panda desktop EOL
 * disable -proposed in the upgrader, and for existing pre-release users who have it enabled.



== Action items, by person ==

 * ogra_
 ** ogra_ to email u-d about panda desktop EOL
 * xnox
 ** xnox to merge busybox



== People present (lines said) ==

 * slangasek (70)
 * bdmurray (47)
 * ev (47)
 * stgraber (43)
 * xnox (38)
 * cjwatson (34)
 * ogra_ (32)
 * ubottu (30)
 * jodh (12)
 * meetingology (6)
 * stokachu (5)



== Full Log ==


 15:03:31 <slangasek> #startmeeting

 15:03:32 <meetingology> Meeting started Wed Mar 13 15:03:31 2013 UTC.  The chair is slangasek. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 15:03:32 <meetingology> 

 15:03:32 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 15:03:40 <jodh> o/

 15:03:56 <slangasek> [TOPIC] lightning round$ echo $(shuf -e barry doko stgraber jodh ev bdmurray slangasek ogra cjwatson xnox stokachu)

 15:03:59 <slangasek> barry ogra jodh ev doko bdmurray cjwatson stgraber xnox stokachu slangasek

 15:04:02 <slangasek> [TOPIC] lightning round

 15:04:03 <slangasek> $ echo $(shuf -e barry doko stgraber jodh ev bdmurray slangasek ogra cjwatson xnox stokachu)

 15:04:06 <slangasek> barry ogra jodh ev doko bdmurray cjwatson stgraber xnox stokachu slangasek

 15:04:09 <slangasek> :-)

 15:04:13 <slangasek> barry's not here - ogra?

 15:04:23 <ogra_> done:

 15:04:23 <ogra_> * discussions, discussions, discussions about phablet ...

 15:04:23 <ogra_> * vUDS ...: foundations-1303-cdimage-android-builds

 15:04:23 <ogra_> * helped the community guys to get WIFI running on samsung phones

 15:04:23 <ogra_> * started looking into x86 android for qemu supporting images (sadly not a CM10.1 variant so it will need quite some changes)

 15:04:24 <ogra_> * debugging a boot issue when ubuntu phablet was used on an nx7 a subsequent desktop install starts with a black screen

 15:04:27 <ogra_> * tested nx7 image installation

 15:04:29 <ogra_> * added manifest syncing to the cdimage phablet-sync script

 15:04:31 <ogra_> * started work on getting an ubuntu-phablet seed into our branch (though that might be moot before 13.04 since many conflicting packages (NM, ofono ...) wont be ready i was told, so we cant build images)

 15:04:34 <ogra_> todo:

 15:04:36 <ogra_> * move nx7 desktop image to pxz ... the debian bug was fixed, we just need a merge of busybox now (xnox is on it)

 15:04:39 <ogra_> * finish the ubuntu-phablet seed (only 65 packages on top of ubuntu-minimal)

 15:04:41 <ogra_> * test ac100 lubuntu image for beta1 (and fix possible issues)

 15:04:45 <ogra_> * go on working on x86 android base for phablet qemu images

 15:04:47 <ogra_> * meeting on friday about how to handle raring images even with conflicting packages (see above)

 15:04:49 <ogra_> ..

 15:05:31 <xnox> ogra_: any news on dropping panda-desktop? or not yet final?

 15:05:38 <ogra_> oh, right

 15:05:41 <ogra_> we will drop it

 15:05:53 <ogra_> i need to write a nice note to ubuntu-devel :)

 15:05:54 <jodh> * blueprints:

 15:05:54 <jodh> - foundations-q-upstart-stateful-re-exec:

 15:05:54 <jodh> - Updated Upstart Cookbook for Upstart 1.7 and publicised.

 15:05:54 <jodh> - Finished file bridge and raised MP on lp:upstart. Awaiting feedback:

 15:05:54 <jodh> https://code.launchpad.net/~jamesodhunt/upstart/file-bridge-MP/+merge/152767

 15:05:54 <jodh> - Wrote apport hook for upstart - needs review and ideally a fix for

 15:05:54 <jodh> bug 1154536 before it's added to the package.

 15:05:55 <jodh> - foundations-r-upstart-roadmap: no progress.

 15:05:55 <jodh> * misc:

 15:05:56 <jodh> - on holiday yesterday.

 15:05:56 <jodh> êéØ

 15:05:57 <ubottu> bug 1154536 in Apport "provide ability for apport to detect modified conffiles reliably when not running as root" [Low,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1154536

 15:06:10 <cjwatson> ogra_: I read that as "get UEFI running on samsung phones" and was scared

 15:06:16 <ogra_> lol

 15:06:23 <ogra_> yeah, UEFI and grub :)

 15:06:34 <ev> pass (still typing)

 15:06:59 <xnox> #action xnox to merge busybox

 15:06:59 * meetingology xnox to merge busybox

 15:07:06 <ogra_> heh

 15:07:18 <ogra_> stealing power from slangasek ?

 15:07:27 <xnox> #action ogra_ to email u-d about panda desktop EOL

 15:07:27 * meetingology ogra_ to email u-d about panda desktop EOL

 15:07:41 <ogra_> ++

 15:07:43 <xnox> ogra_: AlanBell taught me tricks on #ubuntu-irc ;-)

 15:09:04 <slangasek> ogra_: ubuntu-phablet seed> even if the image builds don't move to nusakan before 13.04, I think it's important to get any phablet builds that *are* being done to use the shared view of the package list... jenkins should be pulling from the seed + livecd-rootfs config, not using its own definition

 15:09:32 <ogra_> slangasek, thats why it is on my TODO for next week :)

 15:09:33 <bdmurray> oh, is it my turn since ev passed and doko is not here?

 15:09:52 <slangasek> ogra_: ok :)

 15:10:19 <ogra_> will also help users that want to run live-build at home

 15:10:34 <ogra_> (linke the one who just asks in #ubuntu-touch)

 15:10:49 <slangasek> bdmurray: yes

 15:10:55 <bdmurray> patch-pilot

 15:10:55 <bdmurray> virtual UDS

 15:10:55 <bdmurray> uds lightning talk on new errors features

 15:10:55 <bdmurray> code reviews for evan

 15:10:55 <bdmurray> tested user parameter on errors.ubuntu.com

 15:10:58 <bdmurray> speed and logic improvements to the most common problems table in resources.py for teams

 15:11:08 <bdmurray> modified most_common_problems.js to be better when switching from packages to users and back

 15:11:11 <bdmurray> updated most_common_problem.js to update UI based on url parameters (package, user and period)

 15:11:14 <bdmurray> wrote a pycassa query to discover regressions using bucket systems

 15:11:17 <bdmurray> wrote a pycassa query regarding package crash rate

 15:11:19 <bdmurray> worked on and merge proposal for errors API feature for rate of crashes

 15:11:22 <bdmurray> modifications to rate of crashes branch based of ev's feedback

 15:11:23 <bdmurray> submitted rt 59711 regarding updating error-tracker-dependencies

 15:11:23 <bdmurray> reporting, research into and fixing of bug 1148015

 15:11:23 <bdmurray> reporting, and research into bug 1148116

 15:11:25 <bdmurray> updated error-tracker-dependencies for python-lazr.restfulclient related to the move of launchpad.py

 15:11:26 <ubottu> bug 1148015 in Daisy "launchpad.py says a PPA package is a source package but tells you it has no binaries" [High,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1148015

 15:11:28 <ubottu> bug 1148116 in apport (Ubuntu) "not all packages from PPAs have '[origin: ' in Package section" [Undecided,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1148116

 15:11:28 <bdmurray> research into bug 1056061 regarding FirstSeen being wrong

 15:11:29 <ubottu> bug 1056061 in Errors ""First seen" version is wrong in release-specific table" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1056061

 15:11:31 <bdmurray> worked with webops regarding the import user packages cronjob

 15:11:33 <bdmurray> research into gap in release:src_pkg counter

 15:11:36 <bdmurray> debugged an issue with first seen and last seen being null in the most-common-problems table

 15:11:39 <bdmurray> submitted merge proposal for less than 5 bucketids branch of errors

 15:11:41 <bdmurray> reported errors bug 1154275 regarding empty failed buckets

 15:11:43 <ubottu> bug 1154275 in Errors "bucket page for failed retraces empty" [High,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1154275

 15:11:44 <bdmurray> reported bug 1154356 regarding release package counter ttl

 15:11:45 <ubottu> bug 1154356 in Daisy "release package counter's ttl does not work" [Medium,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1154356

 15:11:46 <bdmurray> investigation into quantity of bugs being tagged regression-update

 15:11:49 <bdmurray> looked for packages to be removed from -proposed that are removal candidates

 15:11:52 <bdmurray> research into session installer bug 1056545

 15:11:53 <ubottu> bug 1056545 in sessioninstaller (Ubuntu) "session-installer crashed with AlreadyCalledDeferred in callback()" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1056545

 15:11:54 <bdmurray> testing of bug 967229

 15:11:56 <ubottu> bug 967229 in plymouth (Ubuntu) "Text mode shown briefly with various "cryptic" texts when logging out or shutting down" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/967229

 15:11:57 <bdmurray> consolekit upload for bug 1130923

 15:11:59 <ubottu> bug 1130923 in consolekit (Ubuntu Quantal) "consolekit: ck-get-x11-display-device segmentation fault" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1130923

 15:11:59 <bdmurray> blogged about using launchpad users at errors.ubuntu.com

 15:12:10 <ev> wooooooooooo! Thanks for all the awesome investigative work this past week

 15:12:26 <bdmurray> ‚úî done

 15:12:41 <cjwatson> Release process discussions.

 15:12:41 <cjwatson> Fixed the notorious LP override-copying bug 1152149.

 15:12:41 <cjwatson> Fixed the cause of LP bug 1152669.  Some DB cleanup still needed.

 15:12:41 <cjwatson> Set up image building for new UbuntuKylin and Ubuntu GNOME flavours.

 15:12:41 <cjwatson> Cleaned up problems caused by LibreOffice help conflicts, with Bjoern.

 15:12:43 <cjwatson> Fixed a lurking bug in grub2's kernel hook that broke Edubuntu image builds.

 15:12:45 <ubottu> bug 1152149 in Launchpad itself "Combining async copying and deletion loses overrides" [High,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1152149

 15:12:46 <cjwatson> Expanded grub2's ACPI halt handling to cope with current seabios.

 15:12:47 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1152669 in Launchpad itself "Soyuz allows me to delete packages from a RELEASE pocket of a CURRENT series" [High,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1152669

 15:12:49 <cjwatson> Currently working on bug 869825 (trying to figure out how to fix it without breaking translations), and probably diving into +1 maintenance shortly thereafter.

 15:12:51 <ubottu> bug 869825 in console-setup (Ubuntu Raring) "French (Switzerland) is no longer a layout choice in the installer" [Medium,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/869825

 15:12:52 <cjwatson> ..

 15:13:11 <cjwatson> Incidentally I need brain bleach to cope with having spent a day with the ACPI spec.

 15:13:26 <ogra_> beer might help

 15:13:30 <ogra_> lots ...

 15:13:53 <slangasek> bdmurray: what was the outcome of your investigation into the regression-update bugs?  Will there be a wording change in the dialog that's been prompting users about whether the bug showed up after an update?

 15:13:54 <xnox> cjwatson: intersting about ACPI halt, would that also fix not being able to reboot VirtualBox after installation finishes?!

 15:14:27 <cjwatson> xnox: No

 15:14:38 <cjwatson> Unrelated I'm afraid

 15:14:47 <xnox> ack.

 15:14:52 <stgraber> Feature work:

 15:14:52 <stgraber> - Upstart (BLUEPRINT: foundations-r-upstart-user-session-enhancements)

 15:14:52 <stgraber> - Fixed upstart user session re-exec.

 15:14:52 <stgraber> - Some more rework of Xsession/user jobs in the PPA.

 15:14:52 <stgraber> - Pushed upstart 1.7 to the archive.

 15:14:54 <stgraber> - Pushed user jobs to dbus, gnome-session and gnome-settings-daemon.

 15:14:57 <stgraber> - Container (BLUEPRINT: servercloud-r-lxc)

 15:14:58 <slangasek> hmm why is update-manager crashing and burning here all of a sudden

 15:14:59 <stgraber> - Usual code review.

 15:15:00 <bdmurray> slangasek: that was removed from xdiagnose which was the bulk of them,  I've subscribed to the tag now (-linux) and it is relatively quiet.

 15:15:02 <stgraber> - Plumbers planning.

 15:15:04 <stgraber> - Backport to precise.

 15:15:07 <stgraber> - Call on moving phablet to LXC.

 15:15:09 <stgraber> - Various fixed to the UTAH tests.

 15:15:12 <stgraber> - Implemented nesting support in lxc-ls

 15:15:14 <stgraber> - Preparing 0.9~rc1 (pull request due later today)

 15:15:19 <slangasek> bdmurray: ok, great

 15:15:23 <stgraber> - Networking (BLUEPRINT: foundations-r-networking)

 15:15:23 <stgraber> - isc-dhcp quantal SRU

 15:15:23 <stgraber> - Looking into MAAS/isc-dhcp bug.

 15:15:24 <stgraber> - General follow-up triage of networking bugs.

 15:15:27 <stgraber> - Got feedback from IS wrt IPv6. archive.u.c and security.u.c are now dual-stack.

 15:15:30 <stgraber> - Got new SIM cards to test dual-stack 3G (multiple PDP contexts)

 15:15:32 <stgraber> New work:

 15:15:35 <stgraber> - Plenty of vUDS sessions.

 15:15:37 <stgraber> - Work on plan for device updates. Spent most of yesterday in calls, have a pretty good plan now that needs to be written down.

 15:15:40 <stgraber> - Get NM integrated with ofono. The work has been split in more WI and I'm now rebasing my work on current NM and sending it to Mathieu for further work.

 15:15:43 <stgraber> Other work:

 15:15:46 <stgraber> - Installer: bug 944614

 15:15:48 <ubottu> bug 944614 in ubiquity (Ubuntu Precise) "ubiquity crashed with AttributeError in keyboard_variant_timeout(): 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'apply_keyboard'" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/944614

 15:15:48 <stgraber> - Some queuebot fixes.

 15:15:51 <stgraber> - Tested grub2 UEFI PXE.

 15:15:53 <stgraber> - Found and help debugging a libssl/libgnutls regression

 15:15:56 <stgraber> - Release

 15:15:58 <stgraber> - UDS/release cadence discussions

 15:15:59 <cjwatson> stgraber: grub2 UEFI PXE> and?

 15:16:01 <stgraber> - Preparing beta1 for participating flavours

 15:16:03 <stgraber> - Helped setup UbuntuKylin and Ubuntu GNOME

 15:16:06 <stgraber> TODO:

 15:16:08 <stgraber> - LXC 0.9~rc1 release

 15:16:11 <stgraber> - Some isc-dhcp bugs

 15:16:13 <stgraber> - ifupdown SRU

 15:16:16 <stgraber> - Continue planning the mobile update process

 15:16:18 <stgraber> - Rebase NM-ofono patch and send to cyphermox

 15:16:21 <stgraber> (DONE)

 15:16:40 <stgraber> cjwatson: that was for the time I tried before you had a look. So it was starting fine but failing to retrieve anything over tftp.

 15:16:46 <cjwatson> OK

 15:17:02 <cjwatson> Huh, everyone else seems to be reporting two weeks of work; oh well

 15:17:30 <xnox> * uds - todo mobile updates & packaging follow ups.

 15:17:31 <xnox> * before and a bit after a quick guile 1.6->1.8 transition done,

 15:17:31 <xnox> please remove guile1.6 bug #1154491

 15:17:31 <xnox> * u1 ubiquity plugin is complete, pending one.ubuntu.com deployment,

 15:17:31 <xnox> final testing, FFe approval, and merge/upload. bug #1153731

 15:17:32 <xnox> lp:~xnox/ubiquity/main-u1

 15:17:32 <stgraber> right, I had a stack of notes for the pre-UDS week that I bundled in there

 15:17:33 <ubottu> bug 1154491 in guile-pg (Ubuntu) "Please remove guile-1.6 from the archive" [Low,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1154491

 15:17:34 <xnox> * uploaded ubiquity FF release with fix ups afterwards

 15:17:35 <ubottu> bug 1153731 in ubiquity (Ubuntu Raring) "[FFe] Ubuntu One sing in or up or skip plugin" [High,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1153731

 15:17:36 <xnox> * patch pilot / mostly mutliarchifying

 15:17:38 <xnox> * Prepated and uploaded openssl SRUs for bug #1083498 bug #1066032 bug

 15:17:40 <xnox> #1018522 (pending infinity / doko to review that it does not explode

 15:17:41 <xnox> the world).

 15:17:43 <ubottu> bug 1083498 in openssl (Ubuntu Quantal) "please enable arm assembler code in openssl" [Low,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1083498

 15:17:43 <xnox> * Merged up some patches for lvm2 thin_provision support

 15:17:44 <ubottu> bug 1066032 in openssl (Ubuntu Quantal) "Deadlock when reading a public key" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1066032

 15:17:46 <xnox> * My shiny new Gigabyte motherboard needs a older family cpu to upgrade

 15:17:48 <xnox> bios to support the cpu I bought *sigh* =(

 15:17:50 <xnox> * Requested overlayfs support for nexus7, and ppisati implemented

 15:17:51 <xnox> that. Tested his hand compiled kernel, works great. Should be

 15:17:54 <xnox> landing in the archive soonish.

 15:18:15 <xnox> ..

 15:18:21 <stokachu> Jury duty Mon/Tuesday, catching up on emails and bugs

 15:18:23 <stokachu> Currently working bug 1121874, bug 859600 (getting sru's in shape).

 15:18:24 <stokachu> xnox, bug 778627 - just so im clear on this status with an updated sru template are we still considering fixing this for precise?

 15:18:26 <stokachu> (done)

 15:18:31 <ubottu> bug 1121874 in mysql-5.5 (Ubuntu) "MySQL launch fails silently if < 4MB of disk space is available" [Medium,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1121874

 15:18:33 <ubottu> bug 859600 in gnome-keyring (Ubuntu Precise) "Please convert gnome-keyring to multiarch" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/859600

 15:18:34 <ubottu> bug 778627 in bash (Ubuntu Precise) "In natty, bash completion now quotes shell variable references rather than expanding them" [Undecided,Incomplete] https://launchpad.net/bugs/778627

 15:19:30 <slangasek> xnox: RMA the motherboard and make them send you one with a current firmware? :)

 15:20:04 <slangasek> * vUDS - great discussions, everyone!

 15:20:04 <slangasek> * post-UDS blueprint rastling

 15:20:05 <slangasek> * discussions with pitti about systemd uplift for logind support; this is going ahead, libudev has an ABI transition now in -proposed

 15:20:07 <slangasek> * patch pilot day Monday

 15:20:10 <slangasek> * libnih,upstart reviews for the file bridge

 15:20:12 <slangasek> * fighting a swap death issue with the raring kernel (bug #1152736)

 15:20:14 <ubottu> bug 1152736 in linux (Ubuntu) "system swapping itself to death in raring for no good reason" [Critical,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1152736

 15:20:15 <slangasek> (done)

 15:20:17 <slangasek> ev:

 15:20:19 <cjwatson> overlayfs> oh, great, I asked for that a couple of months ago too

 15:20:24 <ev> - Working with jjo to get daisy writing a percentage of the core files to

 15:20:25 <ev> Swift, with the rest still on NFS. Lots of code review and iteration, but

 15:20:25 <ev> we've finally deployed \o/. We're running 1% on Swift for now, but we're

 15:20:25 <ev> about to jump up to 10%. After this we'll get started on putting some

 15:20:25 <ev> retracers on prodstack, talking to Swift and the Rabbit queue.

 15:20:25 <ev> - Working on code to properly remove items from the retracer queue. Long story

 15:20:30 <ev> short (iknowright?), we've got a lot of "problems" that we've never retraced

 15:20:31 <ev> because we deleted their core files and message off the Rabbit queue, but

 15:20:31 <ev> they're still sitting in a Cassandra column family.

 15:20:31 <ev> - Code review for Brian as part of his phased updates work.

 15:20:31 <ev> - Fixed all our cron jobs (importing bug data, creating the unique systems over

 15:20:34 <cjwatson> (bug 1076317)

 15:20:36 <ubottu> bug 1076317 in ubuntu-nexus7 "please add aufs/overlayfs/unionfs support to android based kernels" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1076317

 15:20:39 <ev> 90 days running counts, etc) when they broke with the path reorg. Re-ran the

 15:20:39 <ev> import scripts manually over the missing days.

 15:20:40 <ev> - Set up Google Anayltics for errors.u.c.

 15:20:40 <ev> - Fixed our SSO integration so that users not in an approved group get knocked

 15:20:40 <ev> back to the front page with a helpful error message, rather than just looping

 15:20:46 <ev> on the SSO login page.

 15:20:46 <ev> - Finally got libcassandra-dpkgversiontype-java deployed to the production

 15:20:46 <ev> Cassandra cluster. Started reworking the code to rebuild the BucketVersions

 15:20:46 <ev> CF (mapping of problems to the Ubuntu releases and versions they occur in,

 15:20:51 <ev> with counters for the latter), only to have a brainwave that we've been using

 15:20:51 <ev> counters all wrong. There's no such thing as a free lunch, and instead of

 15:20:51 <ev> pretending like over/undercounting isn't a problem, we'll write wide rows as

 15:20:51 <ev> well, using these to repair the counts in cron jobs overnight. Started

 15:20:58 <ev> writing some code to do exactly this:

 15:20:58 <ev> http://paste.ubuntu.com/5608424/

 15:20:58 <ev> - Investigated why we weren't getting whitelisted in SSO, and fixed. This had

 15:20:58 <ev> to do with the way we were handing off from Apache frontends to HAProxy to

 15:20:58 <ev> Apache WSGI runners. You'll now no longer get prompted with a page where you

 15:21:02 <xnox> stokachu: it's marked incomplete by me. If someone steps up to write an extended / complete SRU template, with procedures how to enable direxpand, i'll be happy to sponsor that SRU. Otherwise it will just fall off the radar.

 15:21:03 <ev> can select what Launchpad user data (your teams, email address, etc) to

 15:21:04 <ev> Errors - we'll get it automatically and there's nothing you can do about it

 15:21:04 <ev> (bwahaha).

 15:21:10 <ev> - Fixed some bugs in lp:daisy and lp:errors found via

 15:21:10 <ev> http://errors.ubuntu.com/oops-local.

 15:21:10 <ev> - Meeting with Amrit, Matthew, and Luca to discuss the navigation structure for

 15:21:14 <ev> errors.ubuntu.com and other Ubuntu project sites.

 15:21:14 <ev> - Came up with a plan for fixing the average errors per calendar day graph,

 15:21:14 <ev> adjusting for population growth:

 15:21:14 <ev> http://paste.ubuntu.com/5608021/

 15:21:16 <ev> (done!)

 15:21:43 <stokachu> xnox: cool ill follow up with a more proper sru and procedure

 15:21:46 <ev> slangasek: where do we stand on that NDA?

 15:22:32 <ev> ps anyone else completely locked out of lcy02?

 15:22:47 <ev> I get 403 forbidden if I try to do anything with it

 15:23:22 <xnox> cjwatson: yeap, that's the bug for nexus7. Pull request is up already, so should land soon =)

 15:24:08 <cjwatson> 'juju status' seems to work for me on lcy02

 15:24:14 <cjwatson> if that helps ...

 15:25:07 <ev> cjwatson: weird. I'll call support and whinge.

 15:25:10 <xnox> slangasek: instead of doing RMA, I ordered a 25 GBP cpu (1.6GHz single core, non-threaded, celeron) and will use it to upgrade my motherboard and then return this baby cpu back where it's comming from =))))

 15:25:13 <slangasek> ev: no progress on the NDA question; I need to circle around on that, sorry

 15:25:20 <slangasek> xnox: heh, ok

 15:25:27 <ev> slangasek: no worries, just keep me posted :)

 15:25:31 <slangasek> [TOPIC] Blueprints

 15:26:17 <slangasek> so there are relatively few blueprints coming out of vUDS that are in need of drafting, since we have quite a bit of carry-over work that we're still going on with

 15:26:32 <slangasek> but for any new blueprints that did come out of vUDS, please make sure you get your drafting done by EOB tomorrow

 15:27:18 <slangasek> also, we have a new set of milestones in launchpad, to be able to track work on a per-month basis for UE's internal management purposes

 15:27:45 <slangasek> please use these for targeting of all phone-related work items / blueprints

 15:28:08 <slangasek> (so for stuff that's happening in march, use ubuntu-13.04-month-5, not ubuntu-13.04-beta-2)

 15:28:46 <slangasek> also, for your previously-blueprinted workitems from Copenhagen, please review and check if the monthly milestone would be a more appropriate target for that work

 15:29:09 <slangasek> this will help with internal planning, to be able to see "work being done in March" in one place (ish)

 15:29:12 <slangasek> any questions?

 15:30:05 <slangasek> [TOPIC] Bugs/errors/defects

 15:30:33 <slangasek> bdmurray: so aside from teamviewer8 being insane and breaking the fabric of space-time... what should we be paying attention to?

 15:31:03 <bdmurray> I ran across bug 1143359 and while it is assigned to the hwe team wondered if we had any insight for them

 15:31:04 <ubottu> bug 1143359 in grub2 (Ubuntu) "Dell Latittude 6340u - Systems will not boot in uEFI mode" [High,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1143359

 15:32:10 <slangasek> bdmurray: I've seen other bug reports that booting under uefi boot to black; let me look those up

 15:32:43 <slangasek> bug #1129524

 15:32:45 <ubottu> bug 1129524 in linux (Ubuntu) "Precise & Quantal won't boot in UEFI" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1129524

 15:32:55 <slangasek> but, 1143359 doesn't give a very clear description of what "Doesn't boot" means

 15:33:29 <slangasek> oh; "both systems were installed via PXE using legacy PXE boot mode."

 15:33:47 <slangasek> so why would that be expected to give you a useful UEFI-enabled result?

 15:33:49 <slangasek> cjwatson: ^^?

 15:35:05 <cjwatson> Er, yes, I missed that

 15:35:07 <cjwatson> It wouldn't

 15:35:39 <cjwatson> I've left a comment

 15:35:46 <cjwatson> Does sound like tester error

 15:36:02 <slangasek> cjwatson: ta

 15:36:14 <bdmurray> thanks, okay then we have bug 120689 regarding update-manager partial upgrades.

 15:36:16 <ubottu> bug 120689 in update-manager (Ubuntu) ""Not all updates can be installed" dialog has unclear buttons & unselectable text" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/120689

 15:37:20 <bdmurray> It seems that at least there should be a cancel option but I seem to recall large discussions about partial upgrade being terrible

 15:37:26 <bdmurray> or a bad idea

 15:37:35 <cjwatson> Well, it is, it's just terrible in both directions

 15:37:48 <cjwatson> As I think I said in that bug

 15:38:32 <slangasek> I thought there was a "cancel" option, which takes you into something that doesn't look much like cancelling

 15:39:11 <slangasek> but, I think the more serious issue is that "partial upgrade" doesn't make any sense, and the explanatory text explains nothing about what your choices are

 15:39:13 <cjwatson> I definitely agree the path should be towards getting rid of the partial-upgrade case, but I'd like to have some experience with how things do with my recent update-manager changes first

 15:39:37 <slangasek> well, my experience is that I've gotten the dialog again this week as a result of two separate packages

 15:39:42 <slangasek> (libreoffice, foomatic-db)

 15:40:40 <slangasek> bdmurray: so, I think it would be worth us taking a pass at wordsmithing the dialog

 15:41:46 <xnox> cjwatson: ubuntu-distro-info --help

 15:41:50 <slangasek> bdmurray: interested in tackling this yourself?  if not I can take a look

 15:42:32 <bdmurray> slangasek: I'm still pretty busy with errors and phased updates work

 15:43:22 <slangasek> ok - please assign it to me

 15:43:34 <bdmurray> then there is bug 1130284

 15:43:36 <ubottu> bug 1130284 in icu (Ubuntu) "Libreoffice crash when typing some Malayalam text using ibus" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1130284

 15:43:37 <slangasek> (would assign it myself, but my browser is currently putting my processor in a headlock)

 15:44:04 <xnox> #action disable -proposed in the upgrader, and for existing pre-release users who have it enabled.

 15:44:04 * meetingology disable -proposed in the upgrader, and for existing pre-release users who have it enabled.

 15:44:27 <cjwatson> icu> that's just a backport, right?

 15:44:32 <cjwatson> or cherry-pick I suppose

 15:44:35 <slangasek> xnox: I hope you don't expect me to send out meeting minutes with these actions for you ;)

 15:45:00 <xnox> slangasek: meetinology will give me a url at the end of the meeting ;-)

 15:45:13 <cjwatson> Oh, and a trivial one at that

 15:45:15 <cjwatson> I'll take the icu bug

 15:46:41 <bdmurray> thanks, then bug 1056545 which is similar to or the same as bug 848605 which was "fixed" some time ago

 15:46:44 <ubottu> bug 1056545 in sessioninstaller (Ubuntu) "session-installer crashed with AlreadyCalledDeferred in callback()" [High,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1056545

 15:46:45 <ubottu> bug 848605 in sessioninstaller (Ubuntu Precise) "session-installer crashed with AlreadyCalledDeferred in callback()" [High,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/848605

 15:47:50 <bdmurray> errors is showing it still occurring with the fixed versions of the package

 15:54:42 <bdmurray> anybody?

 15:56:10 <cjwatson> Might be best to try to get hold of Sebastian Heinlein for that one?

 15:56:42 <cjwatson> Oh, or maybe Julian Andres Klode, I think I misremembered the maintainer

 15:56:45 <bdmurray> okay, I'll try that and try creating a test case for it since the previous bug didn't have a great one

 15:57:12 <bdmurray> bug 1152222 seems to be a regression in pycurl

 15:57:14 <ubottu> bug 1152222 in pycurl (Ubuntu) "pycurl fails with TypeError: string argument expected, got 'bytes' " [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1152222

 15:57:30 * stgraber has to run to another meeting (in 2min)

 15:57:35 <slangasek> whee, GPU hang.

 15:57:35 * xnox can look into pycurl.

 15:57:49 <ogra_> slangasek, Mir will fix that :P

 15:57:58 <bdmurray> xnox: thanks

 15:58:13 <bdmurray> then with bug 1152254 the webcam step is just going away right?

 15:58:14 <ubottu> bug 1152254 in ubiquity (Ubuntu) "Webcam is not capturing the image during raring desktop installations" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1152254

 15:58:16 <slangasek> ogra_: I disbelieve :)

 15:58:20 <ogra_> heh

 15:58:22 <xnox> ogra_: the one that crashed, the one that needs  approval, or the not yet finished one?

 15:58:38 <ogra_> the GPU hangs of this world

 15:58:42 <xnox> bdmurray: me and Laney fixed regression in gstreamer. Webcam should be working again.

 15:58:59 * xnox will ask for that user retest, once I retest with my webcam (which also was affected)

 15:59:02 <bdmurray> xnox: ah okay

 16:00:25 <bdmurray> that's about it from me

 16:00:51 <slangasek> bdmurray: thanks

 16:00:56 <slangasek> [TOPIC] AOB

 16:01:06 <slangasek> I do have one other minitopic

 16:01:17 <slangasek> (if I can find the blueprint amid the mess of my desktop on the floor)

 16:01:55 <slangasek> there's a blueprint out of vUDS on the client track covering getting Ubuntu Touch merged into the archive

 16:02:11 <cjwatson> For that icu bug, does anyone know how to get Ctrl-Shift-u to work for Unicode input?  Doesn't seem to for me

 16:02:14 <slangasek> I volunteered us to help, and seb128 has assigned a set of work items to me - I need volunteers for them :)

 16:03:02 <slangasek> https://blueprints.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+spec/client-1303-delivering-touch-apps-to-raring

 16:03:42 <slangasek> does someone want to take the lead on these packages: platform-api, qtubuntu, qtubuntu-sensors?

 16:03:55 <xnox> slangasek: do you know what those actually mean?

 16:04:26 <slangasek> xnox: those are the names of packages from the Ubuntu Touch preview

 16:04:38 <slangasek> xnox: for more details, talk to didrocks :)

 16:04:51 <xnox> oh, ok.

 16:05:01 <xnox> I can take one, qtubuntu-sensors sounds fun.

 16:05:11 <slangasek> thanks

 16:05:17 <slangasek> anyone else?

 16:05:52 <slangasek> it's not urgent anyway, so we can continue picking them off later

 16:06:06 <slangasek> and I think that's it unless anyone else has something

 16:06:10 <xnox> it's an oportunity to learn integration with jenkins and daily auto landing black magic =)

 16:06:36 <slangasek> yep :)

 16:06:45 <slangasek> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)