== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 22 Jul at 16:43 &mdash; 17:07 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2013/ubuntu-meeting.2013-07-22-16.43.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting 
=== Announcements ===
The discussion about "Announcements" started at 16:43.


=== Weekly stand-up report ===
The discussion about "Weekly stand-up report" started at 16:45.


=== Highlighted packages ===
The discussion about "Highlighted packages" started at 17:03.

  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/uzbl.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/cyrus-imapd-2.4.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/hawtjni.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/rt-authen-externalauth.html 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/encfs.html 

=== Miscellaneous and Questions ===
The discussion about "Miscellaneous and Questions" started at 17:04.




== Vote results ==




== Action items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * jdstrand (33)
 * sbeattie (8)
 * tyhicks (8)
 * mdeslaur (6)
 * chrisccoulson_ (5)
 * sarnold (4)
 * meetingology (3)
 * ubottu (1)



== Full Log ==


 16:43 <jdstrand> #startmeeting

 16:43 <meetingology> Meeting started Mon Jul 22 16:43:22 2013 UTC.  The chair is jdstrand. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:43 <meetingology> 

 16:43 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 16:43 <jdstrand> The meeting agenda can be found at:

 16:43 <jdstrand> [LINK] https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting

 16:43 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Announcements

 16:43 <jdstrand> Christian Kuersteiner (ckuerste) provided a debdiff for precise for osc (LP: #1197639). Your work is very much appreciated and will keep Ubuntu users secure. Great job! :)

 16:43 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1197639 in osc (Ubuntu) " Improper sanitization of terminal emulator escape sequences when displaying build log and build status" [Undecided,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1197639

 16:45 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Weekly stand-up report

 16:45 <jdstrand> I'll go first

 16:46 <jdstrand> I'm in the happy place

 16:46 <jdstrand> last week was crazy and I still have to patch pilot

 16:46 <jdstrand> *sigh*

 16:47 <jdstrand> I'm preparing for the IoM demo and sprint this week

 16:47 <jdstrand> there are also pending updates

 16:47 <jdstrand> a bunch of new MIRs came in too, including the mir MIR

 16:48 <jdstrand> so, we'll have to come up with a plan for all those too

 16:48 <jdstrand> I think that's it from me

 16:48 <jdstrand> mdeslaur: you're up

 16:48 <mdeslaur> I'm on triage this week

 16:48 <mdeslaur> and there's a new mysql version to package up/test/release

 16:48 <mdeslaur> do I'll probably be spending my time on that

 16:49 <mdeslaur> I still have a couple of updates in the ppa to test

 16:49 <mdeslaur> that's it from me

 16:49 <mdeslaur> sbeattie: you're up

 16:49 <sbeattie> I'm on apparmor stuff again this week.

 16:50 <sbeattie> Priority is stuff for the IoM demo, namely getting the apparmor hook implemented, now that the some the details of that have been finalized.

 16:50 <sbeattie> I have some other misc apparmor stuff to pick up.

 16:50 <sbeattie> that's pretty much it for me.

 16:50 <sbeattie> tyhicks: you're up

 16:51 <tyhicks> I'm doing final testing on the apparmor changes that I made to support the DBus policy syntax

 16:52 <tyhicks> What's left is coercing the regression suite to let me launch a confined dbus service and a confined client to test the peer=(label=/foo) conditional

 16:52 <tyhicks> I plan on pushing everything to the dbus-dev PPA today

 16:53 <tyhicks> then I'll switch to the content-hub work items

 16:53 <tyhicks> after that, I'm still trying to get to the ecryptfs patch review that I mentioned last week

 16:53 <tyhicks> that's it for me

 16:53 <tyhicks> jj is out

 16:53 <tyhicks> sarnold: you're up

 16:54 <sarnold> I've got some apparmor patch review, and five MIR audits, likely I'll get through two or three of the MIR audits this week.. I'm still hopeful for an apparmor 2.8.2 release, but since I don't think it blocks anything else, it might flal through the cracks again this week.

 16:55 <sbeattie> sarnold: yeah, sorry I didn't push on the 2.8.2 release with you last week

 16:55 <sarnold> oh yes, Thomas Hood has been extremely helpful in launchpad tryig to help me fix up my dnsmasq annoyances, so I'll probably put some time towards that -- he's friendly and willing to help, gotta hit while the iron is hot :)

 16:56 <sarnold> sbeattie: *nod* same here

 16:56 <sarnold> chrisccoulson_: you're up

 16:56 <chrisccoulson_> hello :)

 16:57 <chrisccoulson_> at the end of last week i started testing the latest chromium. i'm going to finish that this evening and then publish it

 16:58 <chrisccoulson_> other than that, i've had another busy week hacking on oxide. we have a meeting with stakeholders tomorrow, and i might even be able to show it working then as well (if it goes well this evening)

 16:58 <chrisccoulson_> but certainly, i aim to have it working this week

 16:58 <jdstrand> oh, nice :)

 16:58 <chrisccoulson_> i think that's me done

 16:59 <jdstrand> sbeattie: meant to ask during your bit. is the click hook still on track for the demo?

 17:00 <sbeattie> yes, I think so.

 17:00 <jdstrand> sbeattie: is there anything I can play with today? I can wait til tomorrow if needed

 17:00 * jdstrand needs to package evilapp for it

 17:02 <sbeattie> not quite yet, still need to make a little more progress on it.

 17:02 <jdstrand> ok

 17:03 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Highlighted packages

 17:03 <jdstrand> The Ubuntu Security team will highlight some community-supported packages that might be good candidates for updating and or triaging. If you would like to help Ubuntu and not sure where to start, this is a great way to do so.

 17:03 <jdstrand> See https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/UpdateProcedures for details and if you have any questions, feel free to ask in #ubuntu-security. To find out other ways of helping out, please see https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/GettingInvolved.

 17:03 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/uzbl.html

 17:03 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/cyrus-imapd-2.4.html

 17:03 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/hawtjni.html

 17:03 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/rt-authen-externalauth.html

 17:03 <jdstrand> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/encfs.html

 17:04 <jdstrand> [TOPIC] Miscellaneous and Questions

 17:04 <jdstrand> Does anyone have any other questions or items to discuss?

 17:07 <jdstrand> mdeslaur, sbeattie, tyhicks, sarnold, chrisccoulson_: thanks!

 17:07 <jdstrand> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)