== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 24 Oct at 15:06 &mdash; 15:41 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2013/ubuntu-meeting.2013-10-24-15.06.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning round ===
The discussion about "Lightning round" started at 15:06.


=== UDS blueprints ===
The discussion about "UDS blueprints" started at 15:25.


=== AOB ===
The discussion about "AOB" started at 15:31.




== Vote results ==




== Action items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * slangasek (52)
 * xnox (31)
 * ubottu (21)
 * jodh (20)
 * bdmurray (15)
 * doko (12)
 * cjwatson (11)
 * barry (9)
 * stgraber (7)
 * meetingology (3)



== Full Log ==


 15:06 <slangasek> #startmeeting

 15:06 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Oct 24 15:06:40 2013 UTC.  The chair is slangasek. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 15:06 <meetingology> 

 15:06 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 15:06 <slangasek> [TOPIC] Lightning round

 15:07 <slangasek> $ echo $(shuf -e barry doko stgraber jodh bdmurray slangasek cjwatson xnox stokachu)

 15:07 <slangasek> doko stgraber bdmurray jodh xnox cjwatson stokachu barry slangasek

 15:08 <slangasek> doko: you're first :)

 15:08 <doko> - archive opening

 15:08 <doko> - arm64 fixes

 15:08 <doko> - forwarded arm64 patches to Debian

 15:08 <doko> - scanned arm64 build logs and files bugs (only) in Debian

 15:08 <doko> - Linaro toolchain updates

 15:08 <doko> - MIR's, promotions, fixing ftbfs

 15:08 <doko> (done)

 15:10 <slangasek> doko: anything noteworthy in the Linaro toolchain updates?

 15:10 <doko> no, already had most of these changes

 15:10 <slangasek> ok

 15:10 <stgraber> (Once again didn't have time for a fancy weekly report, was busy fighting with graphviz)

 15:10 <stgraber> Ubuntu 13.10 release.

 15:10 <stgraber> Some help with 14.04 opening.

 15:11 <stgraber> Quite a few merges and help with ongoing transitions.

 15:11 <stgraber> Working on LXC upstream QA infrastructure, release 1.0~alpha2 and usual code reviews.

 15:11 <stgraber> Some debug work on Ubuntu Touch.

 15:11 <stgraber> (DONE)

 15:11 <bdmurray> bug triage (lots of release upgrade reports)

 15:11 <bdmurray> triage and SRU verification of bug 1241420

 15:11 <bdmurray> tested ubiquity bug 1240683

 15:11 <bdmurray> worked on a fix for apport bug 1084979

 15:11 <bdmurray> fixed software-properties bug 1239893

 15:11 <ubottu> bug 1241420 in libunity (Ubuntu Saucy) "unity held back if ubuntu-desktop is not installed during upgrade from raring to saucy (upgrade fails)" [High,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1241420

 15:11 <bdmurray> prepared S SRUs for bug 1075537 and bug 1239893

 15:11 <ubottu> bug 1240683 in ubiquity (Ubuntu) "Ubuntu one login during install hangs" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1240683

 15:11 <ubottu> bug 1084979 in apport (Ubuntu) "Submitting error report asks confounding questions" [Medium,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1084979

 15:11 <ubottu> bug 1239893 in software-properties (Ubuntu Saucy) "PPAs added using GUI Software and Updates have an extra space added to repository line" [High,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1239893

 15:11 <ubottu> bug 1075537 in software-properties (Ubuntu Saucy) "software-properties needs to automatically trigger a cache refresh after adding a repo" [Medium,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1075537

 15:11 <bdmurray> SRU verification of bug 1075537

 15:11 <bdmurray> fixed ubuntu-release-upgrader bug 1241123, bug 1241660

 15:11 <bdmurray> preparing an SRU upload fixing bug 1232363

 15:11 <bdmurray> update metarelease file for saucy-updates and trusty

 15:11 <bdmurray> investigation into possible procps regresssion bug 1157643

 15:11 <ubottu> bug 1241123 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu Saucy) "lubuntu-desktop PostUpgradeRemove rule is unnecessary and problematic" [High,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1241123

 15:11 <ubottu> bug 1241660 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu) "DistUpgradeFetcherCore error messages not displayed" [Medium,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1241660

 15:11 <ubottu> bug 1232363 in update-manager (Ubuntu Saucy) "Update Manager Restart button fails on xubuntu" [Medium,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1232363

 15:11 <ubottu> bug 1157643 in procps (Ubuntu Trusty) "procps fail to start" [Undecided,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1157643

 15:12 <bdmurray> updated the phased updater to ignore already installed and configured pkg install failures

 15:12 <bdmurray> updated rls- and isotesting reports for trusty

 15:12 <bdmurray> ✔ done

 15:12 <jodh> * Boot

 15:12 <jodh> - Fixed bug 1240686.

 15:12 <jodh> - Investigating overcoming ptrace limitations.

 15:12 <jodh> - Fixed minor Session Init-specific issue in 'initctl check-config'.

 15:12 <ubottu> bug 1240686 in upstart "Upstart overrides the user's umask" [Undecided,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1240686

 15:12 <jodh> - Identified cause of bug 901038.

 15:12 <ubottu> bug 901038 in upstart (Ubuntu) "packages fail to install: Failed to connect to socket /com/ubuntu/upstart: Connection refused" [High,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/901038

 15:12 <jodh> - Wrote a fix for bug 1235649.

 15:12 <ubottu> bug 1235649 in upstart (Ubuntu) "uevent spam causes libdbus client code in session upstart to consume massive amounts of memory on Ubuntu Touch" [Critical,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1235649

 15:12 <jodh> https://code.launchpad.net/~jamesodhunt/upstart/bugs-1235649+1203595/+merge/191852

 15:12 <jodh> Original solution was generic but suffered from an annoying

 15:12 <jodh> limitation. After discussions with slangasek, we now have a superior

 15:12 <jodh> (albeit very d-bus specific) solution that doesn't suffer from the

 15:12 <jodh> original fixes limitation. Currently working on the new solution.

 15:12 <jodh> - Raised new MP on salvaged new environ_remove() tests from MP above:

 15:12 <jodh> https://code.launchpad.net/~jamesodhunt/upstart/environ-remove-tests/+merge/192506

 15:12 <jodh> - Raised a couple of boot-related blueprints for vUDS:

 15:13 <jodh> https://blueprints.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+spec/core-1311-upstart-roadmap

 15:13 <jodh> https://blueprints.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+spec/core-1311-boot-ui

 15:13 <jodh> * Other

 15:13 <jodh> - Wrote sosreport plugins for upstart and procenv (now merged - thanks

 15:13 <jodh> stokachu!)

 15:13 <jodh> ʄ

 15:14 <xnox> * release week was fun, saucy is out

 15:14 <xnox> * committed a few post-release bugfixes to ubiquity et.al.

 15:14 <xnox> * boost transition in-progress only a few things left to fix, and

 15:14 <xnox> waiting for powerpc to catch up.

 15:14 <xnox> * Working on emulator:

 15:14 <xnox> - build-your-own instructions are at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/Touch/Emulator

 15:14 <xnox> - packaging it into the archive atm, fighting it's build-machinery

 15:14 <xnox> to actually build everything from scratch and not use prebuilts

 15:14 <xnox> - fixup upstart socket bridge to not clober up PATH, it's built in

 15:14 <xnox> non-virt ppa will try adbd on ubuntu host bring up in the emulated

 15:14 <xnox> images today.

 15:14 <xnox> * ps tore my weak ligaments playing volleyball, so on crutches in bed

 15:14 <xnox> on painkillers at the moment.

 15:14 <xnox> * TODO:

 15:14 <xnox> - package/upload emulator

 15:14 <xnox> - get adbd working

 15:14 <xnox> - upstart code reviews

 15:14 <cjwatson> ow

 15:14 <xnox> - ubiquity code reviews (we have a massive merge proposal of

 15:14 <xnox> Autopilot driven installations)

 15:14 <xnox> ..

 15:14 <cjwatson> too much fun

 15:14 <barry> xnox: 404

 15:15 <barry> xnox: er, 500 maybe

 15:15 <barry> finicky wiki

 15:15 <cjwatson> Helping to open trusty.

 15:15 <cjwatson> Coordinating ridiculously complex Perl 5.18 transition.  Cleaning up loose ends now.

 15:15 <cjwatson> Writing some slide decks for client sprint.

 15:15 <cjwatson> Merges, merges, merges.  And some build fixes on the side.

 15:15 <cjwatson> Band-aided bug 1242417.  It's still all a mess.

 15:15 <ubottu> bug 1242417 in ubuntustudio-default-settings (Ubuntu Trusty) "UEFI install broken when GRUB_DISTRIBUTOR!=Ubuntu (e.g. Kubuntu/UbuntuStudio)" [Critical,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1242417

 15:15 <cjwatson> ..

 15:18 <slangasek> barry: your turn, I think

 15:18 <barry> slangasek: ah, no stokachu?

 15:18 <barry> anyway..

 15:18 <barry> system-image: LP: #1221843; LP: #1238071; LP: #1240434; LP: #1243612; general bug triaging.  LP: #1217098 - nearly done but having very weird problem with not seeing some signals from u-d-m.

 15:18 <barry> other: LP: #1242835. psutil merge from debian.  dmb meeting.

 15:18 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1221843 in Ubuntu system image "Remove old channels.json format" [Low,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1221843

 15:18 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1238071 in Ubuntu system image "Switch to nose2" [Low,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1238071

 15:18 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1240434 in Ubuntu system image "System update UI shows 'last updated in 1970'" [Undecided,Incomplete] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1240434

 15:19 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1243612 in system-image (Ubuntu) "system-image-cli does not allow to switch from saucy-proposed to trusty-proposed" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1243612

 15:19 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1217098 in Ubuntu system image "Avoid re-downloading data files" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1217098

 15:19 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1242835 in Autopilot "Port autopilot script to Python 3" [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1242835

 15:19 <barry> done

 15:20 <slangasek> well, I didn't hear anything from him, so I assume he's not here :)

 15:20 <slangasek> stokachu: you here?  or are you sprinting?

 15:21 <slangasek> ok

 15:21 <slangasek> * prep for client sprint next week

 15:21 <slangasek> * fighting with a dying laptop... apparently time for a refresh whether I wanted it or not

 15:21 <slangasek> * working through my Debian merges for trusty

 15:21 <slangasek> * upstart MP reviews

 15:21 <slangasek> * working with xnox on getting goldfish into a usable state

 15:21 <slangasek> * SRU reviews for saucy (udev fix for maguro, bug #1234743)

 15:21 <ubottu> bug 1234743 in systemd (Ubuntu Trusty) "omapfb module floods system with udev events on samsung galaxy nexus" [High,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1234743

 15:21 <slangasek> (done)

 15:22 <slangasek> questions anywhere?

 15:22 <xnox> slangasek: are you getting Lenovo Thinkpad X1 Carbon?

 15:22 <xnox> =)

 15:22 <slangasek> xnox: it's one of the ones in the running right now :)

 15:22 <slangasek> xnox: do you want to steer me away from it? :)

 15:24 <xnox> slangasek: i think it's the way forward! take one with touch screen!

 15:24 * xnox <3 unity8

 15:24 <slangasek> noted :)

 15:24 <slangasek> but this time, I'm going to get my plans cross-checked with the kernel team before I buy... failed to do that first with this one and it's given me no end of grief :P

 15:25 <slangasek> [TOPIC] UDS blueprints

 15:25 <slangasek> so UDS is coming up on November 19-21

 15:25 <slangasek> we've been asked to get our blueprints in by the end of this month

 15:26 <slangasek> because with it being an online event, it seems that it's harder for people to schedule time when the sessions are moving around on the schedule at the last minute

 15:27 <slangasek> so a few people have already started registering their blueprints, which is good

 15:28 <slangasek> I'll have some more blueprints that I'll get in touch with people individually about getting on the schedule

 15:28 <slangasek> otherwise, please get blueprints registered for anything you think we need to talk about :)

 15:28 <slangasek> BTW, this time around there's going to be a Core track instead of a Foundations track

 15:28 <slangasek> no more running kernel sessions on the foundations track :-)

 15:28 <slangasek> any questions?

 15:29 <cjwatson> I wonder if there'll actually be any room for our slots :)

 15:29 <cjwatson> Who's running the core track?  Alex?

 15:29 <cjwatson> (In terms of video operation and such)

 15:29 <slangasek> I expect it's the engineering managers running them

 15:29 <slangasek> the core track is officially expanded to two "rooms" fwiw

 15:31 <slangasek> [TOPIC] AOB

 15:31 <slangasek> anything else?

 15:31 <slangasek> great work on 13.10, y'all, and on a speedy opening for trusty :)

 15:31 <bdmurray> I was wondering what the plan with bug 1069133 was, as lots of people upgrading ran into this issue.

 15:31 <ubottu> bug 1069133 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu) "Get upgrade error 12.04 - 12.10 "Could not determine upgrade" - xorg from ppa" [Medium,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1069133

 15:31 <barry> 13.10.  that's so last week. :)  already on trusty (at least on one machine so far)

 15:32 <doko> what about +1 maintenance this cycle?

 15:32 <slangasek> xnox: hmm, that bug is assigned to you, but it was assigned back in March. ;)  Do you remember anything about it?

 15:34 <xnox> slangasek: i think i assigned it to myself as I was also affected by it at the time.

 15:34 <slangasek> ok

 15:34 <slangasek> do you recall if we had any idea at the time what to do to improve this?

 15:35 <xnox> slangasek: as far as I remember the solution was to either (a) ppa-purge X-swat ppa before upgrading & downgrade to release or (b) upgrade with X-swat ppa enabled, upgraded to next one

 15:35 <slangasek> right

 15:36 <xnox> slangasek: at the moment, we disable ppa and try upgrade.... which does not work. I wonder if we can do an upgrade calculation with downgrading $core packages to release first.

 15:36 <xnox> or at least say you have packages from these PPAs installed, would you like to get rid of them first, before upgrading?

 15:37 <slangasek> that seems like a fair option

 15:37 <slangasek> do you want to take a stab at that this next/week with bdmurray?

 15:38 <xnox> slangasek: ok.

 15:38 <slangasek> xnox: thanks

 15:38 <xnox> slangasek: at the latest, we can do a quirk for xorg-edgers/ppa, since it's probably so common.

 15:38 <slangasek> doko: +1 maintenance> I will bring that up with the engineering managers next week at the client sprint

 15:39 * xnox "latest?!" i mean "at least"

 15:39 <doko> slangasek, I'll visit you on Friday ;)

 15:39 <slangasek> doko: heh

 15:39 <slangasek> doko: you mean you're not coming to the every-DD-in-the-Bay beering on Wednesday? :)

 15:39 <doko> so tell me when the party starts ...

 15:40 <doko> slangasek, no it's the evening for the toolchain working group wine and cheese party =)

 15:40 <slangasek> hah

 15:40 <slangasek> priorities

 15:40 <slangasek> ok - anything else?

 15:41 <slangasek> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)