== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 12 Dec at 16:05 &mdash; 16:27 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2013/ubuntu-meeting.2013-12-12-16.05.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Lightning round ===
The discussion about "Lightning round" started at 16:06.


=== AOB ===
The discussion about "AOB" started at 16:18.




== Vote results ==




== Action items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * stgraber (31)
 * slangasek (24)
 * bdmurray (20)
 * xnox (19)
 * cjwatson (13)
 * ubottu (12)
 * barry (8)
 * jodh (8)
 * doko (8)
 * meetingology (3)



== Full Log ==


 16:05 <slangasek> #startmeeting

 16:05 <meetingology> Meeting started Thu Dec 12 16:05:58 2013 UTC.  The chair is slangasek. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 16:05 <meetingology> 

 16:05 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 16:06 <slangasek> #topic Lightning round

 16:06 <slangasek> $ echo $(shuf -e barry doko stgraber jodh bdmurray slangasek cjwatson xnox stokachu)

 16:06 <slangasek> bdmurray stokachu cjwatson stgraber jodh doko xnox slangasek barry

 16:07 <bdmurray> bug triage of dpkg already installed and configured bug reports

 16:07 <bdmurray> updated apport general hook to gather more information for dpkg already installed and configured bug reports

 16:07 <bdmurray> reported bug 1258639 regarding upgrades from Q to S

 16:07 <ubottu> bug 1258639 in update-manager (Ubuntu Quantal) "need to support upgrades from 12.10 to 13.10" [High,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1258639

 16:07 <bdmurray> worked on modifications to update-manager and u-r-u to allow upgrades from Q to S

 16:08 <bdmurray> merged anders kaseorg metarelease changes to ubuntu-release-upgrader

 16:08 <bdmurray> wrote a test case for bug 1250679 (apport crashes and guest users)

 16:08 <bdmurray> uploaded a fix for bug 1257159 regarding the apport ubiquity hook

 16:08 <bdmurray> uploaded a precise SRU for bug 1075537 for bruno nova

 16:08 <bdmurray> uploaded fix for rhythmbox apport hook LP: #1259185

 16:08 <bdmurray> fixed a crash in the phased-updater due to errors not returning json data

 16:08 <ubottu> bug 1250679 in apport (Ubuntu Saucy) "crash files from guest users considered system reports" [Medium,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1250679

 16:08 <ubottu> bug 1257159 in apport (Ubuntu Trusty) "ubiquity apport hook shouldn't suggest password is in log file" [Medium,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1257159

 16:08 <ubottu> bug 1075537 in software-properties (Ubuntu Precise) "software-properties needs to automatically trigger a cache refresh after adding a repo" [Medium,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1075537

 16:08 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1259185 in rhythmbox (Ubuntu) "apport hook needs updated to gstreamer1.0" [Low,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1259185

 16:08 <bdmurray> updated bugbot to deal with dist-upgrade failures due to xorg-edgers

 16:08 <bdmurray> modified ubuntu-release-upgrader apport hook to collect dmesg

 16:08 <bdmurray> package to team mapping work

 16:08 <bdmurray> submitted merge proposal switching errors back to using assets

 16:08 <bdmurray> worked on resolving whoopsie / apport bug 1235436

 16:08 <ubottu> bug 1235436 in apport (Ubuntu) "/etc/init/apport-noui.conf is non-functional on the phone" [Critical,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1235436

 16:08 <bdmurray> uploaded update-notifier to T that exits if /etc/apport/autoreport exists

 16:08 <bdmurray> patch pilot'ed

 16:08 <bdmurray> ⁂ done

 16:09 <slangasek> stokachu is out for the month; he hasn't told me there'll be a stand-in this week

 16:09 <slangasek> cjwatson:

 16:09 <cjwatson> GRUB:

 16:09 <cjwatson> * Finished up work for various OEMs in 12.04.4.  Awaiting one final piece of verification.

 16:09 <cjwatson> * Chased down an efidisk write bug exposed by the SRU verification work on 4K-sector disks; fixed in trusty, committed for the next precise upload.

 16:09 <cjwatson> * Followed up on the PV-GRUB2 port recently committed upstream, implementing the configuration ideas from UDS-Oneiric (http://summit.ubuntu.com/uds-o/meeting/16065/server-o-xen-host/).

 16:09 <cjwatson> click:

 16:09 <cjwatson> * Fixed a painful interaction between dynamic system users and system-image in click (bug 1259253).

 16:10 <ubottu> bug 1259253 in click (Ubuntu) "UID changes for clickpkg user breaks app updates/installs" [Critical,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1259253

 16:10 <cjwatson> * Pondering how to do a libclick in such a way that we don't have to do every last bit of the C rewrite before deploying it.

 16:10 <cjwatson> Launchpad:

 16:10 <cjwatson> * Started on the next launchpad-buildd deployment: uploaded to staging PPA, need to sort out staging deployment and QA.

 16:10 <cjwatson> * Pre-implementation discussion with William of the master side of Launchpad livefs building.

 16:10 <cjwatson> Tidied up breakage resulting from foomatic-filters being merged into cups-filters.

 16:10 <cjwatson> ..

 16:10 <stgraber> Done:

 16:10 <stgraber> - CGroup Manager

 16:10 <stgraber> - Helped with some benchmarking.

 16:10 <stgraber> - LXC

 16:10 <stgraber> - Tested unprivileged containers (it mostly works!)

 16:10 <stgraber> - Wrote a fix for the loginuid pam module to work with userns (waiting for my message to be accepted on the pam-devel mailing-list...)

 16:10 <stgraber> - Moved all of our mailing-lists out of sourceforge.net

 16:10 <stgraber> - Added Android builds to our automated build process

 16:10 <stgraber> - Added support for unprivileged containers in the python3 binding and tools

 16:11 <stgraber> - Landed the flexible-config branch (that'll make adding mounts, capabilities, ... to existing containers much much easier)

 16:11 <stgraber> - Quite a bit of code reviews

 16:11 <stgraber> - Ubuntu touch

 16:11 <stgraber> - Fixed some problems caused by a wrong copy-images run.

 16:11 <stgraber> - Branch to enable discard support on touch (and testing on grouper and mako)

 16:11 <stgraber> - Other

 16:11 <stgraber> - SRU and New reviews

 16:11 <stgraber> - A bunch of merges

 16:11 <stgraber> - Patch pilot

 16:11 <stgraber> Todo:

 16:11 <stgraber> - LXC beta1 (due next Tuesday)

 16:11 <stgraber> - LXC config-overview branch and LXC autostart branch

 16:11 <stgraber> - Some more unpriv containers work

 16:11 <stgraber> End of year holidays:

 16:11 <stgraber> - I'll be flying to Europe on Tuesday night

 16:11 <stgraber> - Off on Wednesday the 18th

 16:11 <stgraber> - Working on Thursday and Friday (19th and 20th)

 16:11 <stgraber> - Then off until the 2nd of January

 16:11 <stgraber> (DONE)

 16:12 <jodh> * upstart

 16:12 <jodh> * core-1311-upstart-roadmap: good progress. Upstart can now connect to

 16:12 <jodh> the cgroup mananager. We're probably going to need to make the

 16:12 <jodh> internal spawn handling entirely asynchronous to avoid a stalling

 16:12 <jodh> cgmanager to block PID 1.

 16:12 <jodh> * bug 530779: reworked branch to make the history cleaner.

 16:12 <ubottu> bug 530779 in upstart "init: does not wait for parent to exit when following forks" [Medium,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/530779

 16:12 <jodh> * bug 1258098: Currently working on tests (which will depend on 530779 MP).

 16:12 <ubottu> bug 1258098 in upstart "D-Bus session bus address not serialised" [Medium,In progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1258098

 16:12 <jodh> ◙

 16:12 <stgraber> (if anyone's interested, we're getting around 2500 reads/second from the cgroup manager on a standard quadcore i7)

 16:13 <doko> - cross build fixes

 16:13 <doko> - configury fixes for a bootstrap build

 16:13 <doko> - done some cross build things until Sunday

 16:13 <doko> - working on openjdk/icedtea 2.4.x.  Zero doesn't build, the ARM assembler inter

 16:13 <doko> preter is not ported

 16:13 <doko> - Merging various GCC branches into 4.8, uploading.

 16:13 <doko> (done)

 16:13 <xnox> * helping to fix autopilot in the android emulator LP: #1260023

 16:13 <xnox> * emulator installs/runs on precise, without recompilation

 16:13 <xnox> (needs more testing, once sdk support lands for precise)

 16:13 <xnox> * finished tiff transition, src:tiff3 can be removed LP: #1258487

 16:13 <xnox> * completed / uploaded usb-creator port to udisks2, thus removing

 16:13 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1260023 in linux-goldfish (Ubuntu) "enable CONFIG_INPUT_UINPUT" [Critical,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1260023

 16:13 <xnox> udisks from install media & main LP: #1024405

 16:13 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1258487 in tiff3 (Ubuntu) "please remove tiff3 from the archive" [Medium,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1258487

 16:13 <xnox> * cmake cross-compilation:

 16:13 <xnox> - merged latest cmake

 16:13 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1024405 in usb-creator (Ubuntu) "Port to udisks2" [Low,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1024405

 16:13 <xnox> - updating/integrating transparent cross-compilation so far many

 16:13 <xnox> packages gain cross-compilation, and no native compilation was

 16:13 <xnox> broken (testing across the set of main+ubuntu-touch seeds, about 10%

 16:13 <xnox> of all packages that build-depend on cmake). Will be uploaded into

 16:13 <xnox> the archive soon.

 16:13 <xnox> * ubiquity uploaded (just small bug fixes since release)

 16:13 <xnox> * now that ubiquity SRU is through, need to finish up ubiquity SRU

 16:13 <xnox> with bugfixes for 12.04.4 (automatic partitioning page, and

 16:14 <xnox> wallpaper resolutions)

 16:14 <xnox> ..

 16:15 <slangasek> * continuing post-holidays catch-up

 16:15 <slangasek> * lots of meetings / discussions about ongoing commercial projects

 16:15 <slangasek> * looking at sorting out some of the more irritating udd package import failures

 16:15 <slangasek> * discussions about the state of java (particularly, TCK access)

 16:15 <slangasek> * locking down attendance for the sprint

 16:15 <slangasek> * opened a new job req for the foundations team: https://ch.tbe.taleo.net/CH03/ats/careers/requisition.jsp?org=CANONICAL&cws=1&rid=750

 16:15 <slangasek> (done)

 16:16 <barry> system-image: *finally* got 2.0.3-0ubuntu1 promoted from -proposed by combination of in-tree test suite changes and simplification of the dep-8 tests (among a few other test related changes and much headache-y and mostly futile debugging).

 16:16 <barry> ubuntu: core-1311-python3-roadmap updates.  recovering from out-of-disk condition.  patch piloting.

 16:16 <barry> debian: gtimelog (awaiting upstream 0.9.1 release), tox 1.7.0 pre-release testing - looking much better for debian.

 16:16 <barry> done

 16:18 <slangasek> cool

 16:18 <slangasek> I don't really have anything else this morning... you guys have any topics to discuss?

 16:18 * barry doesn't

 16:18 <slangasek> #topic AOB

 16:19 <bdmurray> Could somebody review my upload of update-manager in the -proposed queue for quantal?

 16:19 <slangasek> yes, I will

 16:19 <bdmurray> thanks

 16:20 <slangasek> nothing more? :)

 16:21 <slangasek> everyone has their travel booked for the January sprint, right?

 16:21 <barry> yep!  lax->lhr :)

 16:21 <stgraber> barry: back to back conferences?

 16:21 <cjwatson> all 44 pounds of it, yes :)

 16:22 <doko> ohh, have to do that, writing email

 16:22 <barry> stgraber: some previously planned non-work related travel

 16:23 <stgraber> yeah, got my usual flights booked for London (is it a sign I'm going to the same place too often when I remember my "usual" flight numbers? :))

 16:24 <slangasek> there are usual flight numbers? :)

 16:24 * xnox hopes they wouldn't dare to change the color of curtains......

 16:25 <slangasek> I flew on a one-digit Delta flight number recently

 16:26 <slangasek> anything else then?

 16:26 <slangasek> next week will be the last meeting of the year

 16:26 <barry> slangasek: oh weird :)

 16:27 <slangasek> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)