== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting: Developer Membership Board - Nov 30 2020 meeting, 30 Nov at 19:06 &mdash; 19:22 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2020/ubuntu-meeting.2020-11-30-19.06.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Review of previous action items ===
The discussion about "Review of previous action items" started at 19:06.

 * '''ddstreet edubuntu seed <-> pkgset (carried over)''' (19:07)
  * ''ACTION:'' ddstreet edubuntu seed <-> pkgset (carried over)
 * '''rbasak to reply to ML re: canonical-oem-metapackages packageset and owning team creation (carried over)''' (19:07)
  * ''ACTION:'' rbasak to reply to ML re: canonical-oem-metapackages packageset and owning team creation (carried over)
 * '''ddstreet to announce Seth FOrshee's successful packageset application and apply permissions''' (19:08)
 * '''ddstreet to contact TB for packageset and teams creation for DKMS packageset''' (19:08)

=== Open TB bugs ===
The discussion about "Open TB bugs" started at 19:11.

 * '''kernel-dkms packageset creation''' (19:11)
  * ''ACTION:'' rbasak to handle private ML request
  * ''ACTION:'' ddstreet to ping TB to check on kernel-dkms packageset creation

=== Any other business ===
The discussion about "Any other business" started at 19:15.

  * ''LINK:'' https://launchpad.net/~ubuntu-mate-uploaders/+members seems to mismatch the instructions under https://wiki.ubuntu.com/DeveloperMembershipBoard/KnowledgeBase#Packagesets
  * ''ACTION:'' discuss with slashd plans for DMB involvement or stepping down before next election



== Vote results ==




== Action items, by person ==

 * ddstreet
  * ddstreet edubuntu seed <-> pkgset (carried over)
  * ddstreet to ping TB to check on kernel-dkms packageset creation
 * rbasak
  * rbasak to reply to ML re: canonical-oem-metapackages packageset and owning team creation (carried over)
  * rbasak to handle private ML request



== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * ddstreet (34)
 * rbasak (12)
 * rafaeldtinoco (10)
 * meetingology (8)
 * Laney (1)
 * ubottu (1)



== Full Log ==


 19:06 <ddstreet> #startmeeting Developer Membership Board - Nov 30 2020 meeting

 19:06 <meetingology> Meeting started Mon Nov 30 19:06:23 2020 UTC.  The chair is ddstreet. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 19:06 <meetingology> 

 19:06 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 19:06 <ddstreet> #topic Review of previous action items

 19:07 <ddstreet> #subtopic ddstreet edubuntu seed <-> pkgset (carried over)

 19:07 <ddstreet> sorry, carrying again

 19:07 <ddstreet> i think the holiday time will hopefully let me tackle learing seeding enough to hadnle that item

 19:07 <ddstreet> #action ddstreet edubuntu seed <-> pkgset (carried over)

 19:07 * meetingology ddstreet edubuntu seed <-> pkgset (carried over)

 19:07 <ddstreet> #subtopic rbasak to reply to ML re: canonical-oem-metapackages packageset and owning team creation (carried over)

 19:07 <rbasak> Carry over please

 19:08 <ddstreet> #action rbasak to reply to ML re: canonical-oem-metapackages packageset and owning team creation (carried over)

 19:08 * meetingology rbasak to reply to ML re: canonical-oem-metapackages packageset and owning team creation (carried over)

 19:08 <rbasak> I need to check with Laney what is outstanding here and what the next steps are

 19:08 <ddstreet> #subtopic ddstreet to announce Seth FOrshee's successful packageset application and apply permissions

 19:08 <ddstreet> done, email sent and team created

 19:08 <ddstreet> #subtopic ddstreet to contact TB for packageset and teams creation for DKMS packageset

 19:08 <ddstreet> done, email sent and bug opened

 19:09 <ddstreet> so, the PPU and MOTU applications are both scheduled for next meeting, I don't see any applications scheduled today

 19:10 <ddstreet> i don't see any mailing list requests outstanding either, unless i'm missing something

 19:11 <ddstreet> #topic Open TB bugs

 19:11 <ddstreet> #subtopic kernel-dkms packageset creation

 19:11 <rbasak> There's one request on the private list that should probably have gone to the public list.

 19:11 <rbasak> I can handle that one.

 19:11 <ddstreet> ack thanks rbasak

 19:12 <ddstreet> #action rbasak to handle private ML request

 19:12 * meetingology rbasak to handle private ML request

 19:12 <rafaeldtinoco> about the MOTU ?

 19:12 <ddstreet> the only open TB bug is for the kernel-dkms packageset, it's still open https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu-community/+bug/1905016

 19:12 <ubottu> Launchpad bug 1905016 in ubuntu-community "[TB/DMB] Packageset creation for kernel-dkms" [Undecided,New]

 19:12 <ddstreet> i'll send a ping to the TB asking about it

 19:13 <rafaeldtinoco> shouldn someone be subscribed ?

 19:13 <rafaeldtinoco> or just to open against ubuntu-community is enough ?

 19:13 <ddstreet> #action ddstreet to ping TB to check on kernel-dkms packageset creation

 19:13 * meetingology ddstreet to ping TB to check on kernel-dkms packageset creation

 19:13 <ddstreet> i think the TB is subscribed to ubuntu-community bugs? I also did email the TB mailing list, per our DMB steps

 19:13 <Laney> rbasak: (someone on the DMB side to review / merge the script I submitted, then transfer the ownership of the set to ~ubuntu-archive so that I can arrange to start running it)

 19:14 <rbasak> Laney: ah, thanks. I'll follow up.

 19:15 <ddstreet> ok i think we're into AOB now?

 19:15 <ddstreet> #topic Any other business

 19:16 <ddstreet> anything else?

 19:16 <rafaeldtinoco> nope

 19:16 <rbasak> o/

 19:16 <rbasak> https://launchpad.net/~ubuntu-mate-uploaders/+members seems to mismatch the instructions under https://wiki.ubuntu.com/DeveloperMembershipBoard/KnowledgeBase#Packagesets

 19:17 <rbasak> I think I need to add the team to ~ubuntu-uploaders, and re-add ~ubuntu-core-dev to ~ubuntu-mate-uploaders with no expiry

 19:17 <rbasak> Does anyone know of any reason this would be wrong?

 19:17 <ddstreet> +1 agree with you

 19:17 <rbasak> OK I'll do that then. Thanks!

 19:18 <rbasak> Just wanted to check there isn't something I'm missing :)

 19:18 <rafaeldtinoco> that was part of the effort we were moving to group membership but we havent moved all of them

 19:18 <rafaeldtinoco> iirc

 19:18 <ddstreet> i may have messed up creating the team, apologies

 19:18 <rbasak> np, easy to fix

 19:19 <ddstreet> ok i think we're wrapped up? i suppose i'll move myself to end of the chair list as well

 19:19 <rafaeldtinoco> and remove eric ?

 19:20 <rafaeldtinoco> I dont think he will be participating as chair in DMB meetings

 19:20 <ddstreet> yeah, i suppose we should discuss with him if he plans to step down before the next regular elections

 19:20 * rafaeldtinoco item ?

 19:20 <ddstreet> yep

 19:21 <ddstreet> #action discuss with slashd plans for DMB involvement or stepping down before next election

 19:21 * meetingology discuss with slashd plans for DMB involvement or stepping down before next election

 19:21 <ddstreet> and i'll remove him from the chair list

 19:21 <ddstreet> ok anything else?

 19:22 <rafaeldtinoco> im good

 19:22 <ddstreet> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)