<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#ubuntu-meeting log</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* For the .log.html */
pre { /*line-height: 125%;*/
      white-space: pre-wrap; }
body { background: #f0f0f0; }

body .tm  { color: #007020 }                      /* time */
body .nk  { color: #062873; font-weight: bold }   /* nick, regular */
body .nka { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }  /* action nick */
body .ac  { color: #00A000 }                      /* action line */
body .hi  { color: #4070a0 }                 /* hilights */
/* Things to make particular MeetBot commands stick out */
body .topic     { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .topicline { color: #000080; font-weight: bold }
body .cmd       { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .cmdline  { font-weight: bold }

</style>
</head>

<body>
<pre><a name="l-1"></a><span class="tm">14:00:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;barry&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#startmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span>
<a name="l-2"></a><span class="tm">14:00:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;meetingology&gt;</span> Meeting started Mon Jul 30 14:00:13 2012 UTC.  The chair is barry. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.
<a name="l-3"></a><span class="tm">14:00:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;meetingology&gt;</span> 
<a name="l-4"></a><span class="tm">14:00:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;meetingology&gt;</span> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired
<a name="l-5"></a><span class="tm">14:00:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;micahg&gt;</span> <span class="hi">barry:</span> starting a minute early? :)
<a name="l-6"></a><span class="tm">14:00:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;barry&gt;</span> hello and welcome to this week's developer membership board meeting.  do we have quorum?
<a name="l-7"></a><span class="tm">14:00:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tumbleweed&gt;</span> <span class="hi">micahg:</span> your clock is off
<a name="l-8"></a><span class="tm">14:00:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;barry&gt;</span> <span class="hi">micahg:</span> it's all relative :)
<a name="l-9"></a><span class="tm">14:01:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;barry&gt;</span> <span class="hi">micahg:</span> is in a gravitational well
<a name="l-10"></a><span class="tm">14:01:17 </span><span class="nka">* micahg</span> <span class="ac">fires up the warp engines</span>
<a name="l-11"></a><span class="tm">14:01:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;barry&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#link </span><span class="cmdline">https://wiki.ubuntu.com/DeveloperMembershipBoard/Agenda</span>
<a name="l-12"></a><span class="tm">14:02:05 </span><span class="nka">* stgraber</span> <span class="ac">waves</span>
<a name="l-13"></a><span class="tm">14:02:32 </span><span class="nka">* bdrung</span> <span class="ac">waves mechanically.</span>
<a name="l-14"></a><span class="tm">14:03:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;barry&gt;</span> shall we wait a minute or two to see if Laney shows up?
<a name="l-15"></a><span class="tm">14:03:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Laney&gt;</span> soryr
<a name="l-16"></a><span class="tm">14:03:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Laney&gt;</span> i am here
<a name="l-17"></a><span class="tm">14:03:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Laney&gt;</span> just twiddling a bug, one sec
<a name="l-18"></a><span class="tm">14:03:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;barry&gt;</span> yay!  welcome everyone
<a name="l-19"></a><span class="tm">14:03:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;barry&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">review of previous action items</span>
<a name="l-20"></a><span class="tm">14:04:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;barry&gt;</span> micahg to document the zentyal packageset
<a name="l-21"></a><span class="tm">14:04:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;barry&gt;</span> 
<a name="l-22"></a><span class="tm">14:04:11 </span><span class="nka">* micahg</span> <span class="ac">hides</span>
<a name="l-23"></a><span class="tm">14:04:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;barry&gt;</span> continued then :)
<a name="l-24"></a><span class="tm">14:04:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bdrung&gt;</span> <span class="hi">micahg:</span> should we dig out the last meeting logs? ;)
<a name="l-25"></a><span class="tm">14:04:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;barry&gt;</span> micahg to start a discussion on dmb@ about whether PPU should confer membership
<a name="l-26"></a><span class="tm">14:05:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;micahg&gt;</span> <span class="hi">bdrung:</span> no :)
<a name="l-27"></a><span class="tm">14:05:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;barry&gt;</span> i think that one's done, right?
<a name="l-28"></a><span class="tm">14:05:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;micahg&gt;</span> <span class="hi">barry:</span> that was done already
<a name="l-29"></a><span class="tm">14:05:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;barry&gt;</span> as was this one: get consensus whether upload rights should confer membership
<a name="l-30"></a><span class="tm">14:05:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;barry&gt;</span> ?
<a name="l-31"></a><span class="tm">14:05:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bdrung&gt;</span> did we got to a consensus?
<a name="l-32"></a><span class="tm">14:06:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;micahg&gt;</span> no, beuno was supposed to start that discussion
<a name="l-33"></a><span class="tm">14:07:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ScottK&gt;</span> Isn't that backwards?
<a name="l-34"></a><span class="tm">14:07:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;barry&gt;</span> <span class="hi">micahg:</span> does he know that?  i did a quick review of my thread on that to the dmb list and see nothing about beuno
<a name="l-35"></a><span class="tm">14:07:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ScottK&gt;</span> Membership has certain requirements and the question is if you can get upload rights if you don't meet those.
<a name="l-36"></a><span class="tm">14:07:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;micahg&gt;</span> <span class="hi">barry:</span> I think that was part of the CC discussion we had about 3.5 weeks ago
<a name="l-37"></a><span class="tm">14:08:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;barry&gt;</span> <span class="hi">micahg:</span> k.  so i should continue this item.  should i put bueno's name next to it?
<a name="l-38"></a><span class="tm">14:08:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tumbleweed&gt;</span> and one of us should take an action to prod him
<a name="l-39"></a><span class="tm">14:09:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;micahg&gt;</span> <span class="hi">barry:</span> http://irclogs.ubuntu.com/2012/07/16/%23ubuntu-meeting.html#t19:11
<a name="l-40"></a><span class="tm">14:09:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bdrung&gt;</span> shouldn't we come to a proposed change to discuss with the CC?
<a name="l-41"></a><span class="tm">14:09:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Laney&gt;</span> <span class="hi">ScottK:</span> backwards how?
<a name="l-42"></a><span class="tm">14:09:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ScottK&gt;</span> How can giving upload rights confer membership?
<a name="l-43"></a><span class="tm">14:10:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ScottK&gt;</span> Membership has certain requirements and either you meet them or you don't.
<a name="l-44"></a><span class="tm">14:10:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;barry&gt;</span> <span class="hi">micahg:</span> will you mind pinging him about it?
<a name="l-45"></a><span class="tm">14:10:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ScottK&gt;</span> The question is can you have upload rights if you aren't a member/don't meet requirements.
<a name="l-46"></a><span class="tm">14:10:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tumbleweed&gt;</span> membership of the ubuntu-dev LP group gives indirect membership of the ubuntu-members group
<a name="l-47"></a><span class="tm">14:10:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ScottK&gt;</span> Which is a bug.
<a name="l-48"></a><span class="tm">14:11:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;micahg&gt;</span> <span class="hi">barry:</span> I suppose
<a name="l-49"></a><span class="tm">14:11:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Laney&gt;</span> that's what we're cosnidering.
<a name="l-50"></a><span class="tm">14:11:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ScottK&gt;</span> CC owns membership requirements, not DMB.
<a name="l-51"></a><span class="tm">14:11:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;barry&gt;</span> <span class="hi">micahg:</span> thanks
<a name="l-52"></a><span class="tm">14:11:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;micahg&gt;</span> <span class="hi">scottK:</span> depends who you ask :), that's the issue, we didn't come to a consensus before
<a name="l-53"></a><span class="tm">14:11:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Laney&gt;</span> and why we're asking a CC member to start this thread ...
<a name="l-54"></a><span class="tm">14:11:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tumbleweed&gt;</span> <span class="hi">ScottK:</span> which is why we took it to them
<a name="l-55"></a><span class="tm">14:12:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ScottK&gt;</span> Ah.
<a name="l-56"></a><span class="tm">14:12:00 </span><span class="nka">* barry</span> <span class="ac">will change the action item to just the ping; and we'll let beuno and the cc take it from there</span>
<a name="l-57"></a><span class="tm">14:12:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tumbleweed&gt;</span> but in the past, we've kind of waived the "significant and sustained contributions" bit of the membership requirements, for some PPU applications
<a name="l-58"></a><span class="tm">14:12:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tumbleweed&gt;</span> anyway, probably best not to have this discussion here and now :)
<a name="l-59"></a><span class="tm">14:12:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ScottK&gt;</span> OK.
<a name="l-60"></a><span class="tm">14:12:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;barry&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Review any packageset descriptions that have been received (micahg)</span>
<a name="l-61"></a><span class="tm">14:13:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;micahg&gt;</span> <span class="hi">barry:</span> carried, I'll try to get that rolling by the end of next month
<a name="l-62"></a><span class="tm">14:13:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;barry&gt;</span> <span class="hi">micahg:</span> thanks
<a name="l-63"></a><span class="tm">14:13:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;barry&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">package sets</span>
<a name="l-64"></a><span class="tm">14:13:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;barry&gt;</span> anything new there?
<a name="l-65"></a><span class="tm">14:13:48 </span><span class="nka">* barry</span> <span class="ac">thinks not</span>
<a name="l-66"></a><span class="tm">14:13:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;micahg&gt;</span> no, no one applying
<a name="l-67"></a><span class="tm">14:14:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bdrung&gt;</span> no, that's why it hasn't any subpoints
<a name="l-68"></a><span class="tm">14:14:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;barry&gt;</span> tumbleweed reminds me of one other action item not on the wiki page:
<a name="l-69"></a><span class="tm">14:14:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;barry&gt;</span> extra action item review item: Any progress on the ubuntu developers woh haven't signed the CoC?
<a name="l-70"></a><span class="tm">14:16:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;micahg&gt;</span> well, we get an update weekly now, but haven't yet contacted the members in question
<a name="l-71"></a><span class="tm">14:16:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tumbleweed&gt;</span> sounds like the answer there is action: micahg
<a name="l-72"></a><span class="tm">14:17:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;barry&gt;</span> yep.  micahg let us know if you want to off load some of that
<a name="l-73"></a><span class="tm">14:17:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;barry&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">PerPackageUploader Applications</span>
<a name="l-74"></a><span class="tm">14:17:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;micahg&gt;</span> ok
<a name="l-75"></a><span class="tm">14:17:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;barry&gt;</span> matttbe ping
<a name="l-76"></a><span class="tm">14:17:46 </span><span class="nka">* matttbe</span> <span class="ac">waves</span>
<a name="l-77"></a><span class="tm">14:17:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;matttbe&gt;</span> Hello evryone!
<a name="l-78"></a><span class="tm">14:18:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;barry&gt;</span> <span class="hi">matttbe:</span> welcome.  you're applying for ppu in cairo-dock cairo-doc-plug-ins and latexila, right?  can you tell us something about yourself?
<a name="l-79"></a><span class="tm">14:18:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;matttbe&gt;</span> yes. sure!
<a name="l-80"></a><span class="tm">14:18:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;barry&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#link </span><span class="cmdline">https://wiki.ubuntu.com/matttbe/PerPackageUploaderApplication</span>
<a name="l-81"></a><span class="tm">14:19:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;matttbe&gt;</span> Firstly, I want to apology for my "not so good" English, I hope it's readable ;)
<a name="l-82"></a><span class="tm">14:19:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bdrung&gt;</span> <span class="hi">matttbe:</span> it was.
<a name="l-83"></a><span class="tm">14:19:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;matttbe&gt;</span> So... I'm Matthieu Baerts, student at UCL (in Belgium -- and no, sorry but I can't send you any Belgian beers, you'll have to come here for the next FOSDEM meeting :P ).
<a name="l-84"></a><span class="tm">14:19:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tumbleweed&gt;</span> awww
<a name="l-85"></a><span class="tm">14:19:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;matttbe&gt;</span> I'm also a member of the Cairo-Dock team and other projects which support Free Software
<a name="l-86"></a><span class="tm">14:20:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;matttbe&gt;</span> (I'm a member of a LUG (LouviLug) and I joined the Louvain-li-Nux association which promotes Free Software through Ubuntu's installations, weekly supports to the community and event's organizations 2 years ago).
<a name="l-87"></a><span class="tm">14:20:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;matttbe&gt;</span> I've been working on Cairo-Dock packages since September 2009 and on LaTeXila packages since March 2011.
<a name="l-88"></a><span class="tm">14:21:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;matttbe&gt;</span> I want to apply for upload rights for Cairo-Dock and LaTeXila packages because I *think* I'm starting to "annoy" my sponsors with these 'simple' releases :) (and mainly because Andrew Starr-Bochicchio told me that it was maybe a good idea to have these rights to upload directly these packages in order to not lose time)
<a name="l-89"></a><span class="tm">14:22:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;matttbe&gt;</span> I think that's it :) But feel free to ask me for other things :)
<a name="l-90"></a><span class="tm">14:22:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;barry&gt;</span> <span class="hi">matttbe:</span> is there a cairo ppa and have you done any uploads to it?
<a name="l-91"></a><span class="tm">14:23:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bdrung&gt;</span> <span class="hi">matttbe:</span> you are involved with the upstream projects and i saw that new package version closes bunches of Launchpad bugs. do you collaborate with our direct upstream Debian?
<a name="l-92"></a><span class="tm">14:23:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Laney&gt;</span> There's some disagreement / difference with Debian that was supposed to get resolved IIRC
<a name="l-93"></a><span class="tm">14:23:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;matttbe&gt;</span> sure!
<a name="l-94"></a><span class="tm">14:23:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;matttbe&gt;</span> I'm a member of cairo-dock-team and I maintain these ppa: https://launchpad.net/~cairo-dock-team/+archive/ppa and https://launchpad.net/~cairo-dock-team/+archive/weekly
<a name="l-95"></a><span class="tm">14:24:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;barry&gt;</span> s/cairo/cairo-dock/
<a name="l-96"></a><span class="tm">14:24:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;matttbe&gt;</span> + repos for Debian on http://download.tuxfamily.org/glxdock/repository/
<a name="l-97"></a><span class="tm">14:25:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;matttbe&gt;</span> In fact, we have some troubles with our Debian maintainers :-/
<a name="l-98"></a><span class="tm">14:25:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;matttbe&gt;</span> We already report bugs to them but it's hard to change things
<a name="l-99"></a><span class="tm">14:25:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;matttbe&gt;</span> (as you can see there: https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/cairo-dock-plugins/+bug/657564 )
<a name="l-100"></a><span class="tm">14:25:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ubottu&gt;</span> Launchpad bug 657564 in cairo-dock-plugins (Ubuntu Oneiric) "Duplicated package with cairo-dock-plugins (coming from Debian)" [Undecided,Confirmed]
<a name="l-101"></a><span class="tm">14:26:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;matttbe&gt;</span> They decided to split all our plugins but it's hard to maintain that (there are a few dependences), they also add useless dependences and made 1 or 2 wrong patches but now it's a bit better ;)
<a name="l-102"></a><span class="tm">14:27:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bdrung&gt;</span> <span class="hi">matttbe:</span> have you tried to join the Debian Cairo-dock Maintainers team and do your packaging work in their git repositories?
<a name="l-103"></a><span class="tm">14:27:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;matttbe&gt;</span> yes, I did it but they don't want to have the same packages than what we have in Ubuntu
<a name="l-104"></a><span class="tm">14:28:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bdrung&gt;</span> <span class="hi">matttbe:</span> is there no way to come to a consensus?
<a name="l-105"></a><span class="tm">14:29:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;micahg&gt;</span> <span class="hi">matttbe:</span> as long as they add the appropriate interdependencies and have a meta package to install all the plugins, what's the issue?
<a name="l-106"></a><span class="tm">14:29:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;matttbe&gt;</span> I know that it's an annoying problem but with other members of Cairo-Dock team, we already tried. This is now better and I think we can say that there is no way to come to a consensus about these dependences
<a name="l-107"></a><span class="tm">14:30:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;micahg&gt;</span> <span class="hi">matttbe:</span> can you give an example of a "useless dependency"?
<a name="l-108"></a><span class="tm">14:30:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;matttbe&gt;</span> <span class="hi">micahg:</span> yes, now they have a meta package but no appropriate interdependencies (and if you install Cairo-Dock on Debian, it will install thunar-data, kde stuff, etc. which are just useless if you're using Gnome)
<a name="l-109"></a><span class="tm">14:32:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tumbleweed&gt;</span> have bugs been filed in debian about this?
<a name="l-110"></a><span class="tm">14:32:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;matttbe&gt;</span> (cairo-dock package depends of cairo-dock-plugins meta package which depends of cairo-dock-xfce-integration-plug-in package which install thunar dependences)
<a name="l-111"></a><span class="tm">14:32:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;matttbe&gt;</span> <span class="hi">tumbleweed:</span> yes of course
<a name="l-112"></a><span class="tm">14:34:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;matttbe&gt;</span> <span class="hi">tumbleweed:</span>  on https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/cairo-dock-plugins/+bug/657564 and there I think: http://bugs.debian.org/cgi-bin/bugreport.cgi?bug=493736
<a name="l-113"></a><span class="tm">14:34:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ubottu&gt;</span> Launchpad bug 657564 in cairo-dock-plugins (Ubuntu Oneiric) "Duplicated package with cairo-dock-plugins (coming from Debian)" [Undecided,Confirmed]
<a name="l-114"></a><span class="tm">14:34:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ubottu&gt;</span> Debian bug 493736 in wnpp "ITP: cairo-dock -- An light eye-candy fully themable animated dock for any Linux desktop" [Wishlist,Fixed]
<a name="l-115"></a><span class="tm">14:34:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bdrung&gt;</span> <span class="hi">matttbe:</span> i can't see an open bug report for that in the BTS
<a name="l-116"></a><span class="tm">14:34:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;micahg&gt;</span> <span class="hi">matttbe:</span> actually, it seems the meta package isn't pulled in by the -plugins package
<a name="l-117"></a><span class="tm">14:34:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;matttbe&gt;</span> (and also on our forums)
<a name="l-118"></a><span class="tm">14:35:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;micahg&gt;</span> the integration meta I mean
<a name="l-119"></a><span class="tm">14:35:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;matttbe&gt;</span> maybe I should re-open a new bug report...
<a name="l-120"></a><span class="tm">14:35:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;micahg&gt;</span> <span class="hi">matttbe:</span> I think the issue has been solved
<a name="l-121"></a><span class="tm">14:35:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;matttbe&gt;</span> <span class="hi">micahg:</span> oh, maybe, good news :)
<a name="l-122"></a><span class="tm">14:36:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;barry&gt;</span> do we have any other questions for matttbe?
<a name="l-123"></a><span class="tm">14:36:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;micahg&gt;</span> <span class="hi">matttbe:</span> have you considered levering the backports pocket to provide stable updates?
<a name="l-124"></a><span class="tm">14:36:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;micahg&gt;</span> *leveraging
<a name="l-125"></a><span class="tm">14:37:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;matttbe&gt;</span> <span class="hi">micahg:</span> except that now, it doesn't install any -integration plug-ins (for a better integration in Gnome, XFCE, KDE and other DE which use gvfs) :)
<a name="l-126"></a><span class="tm">14:38:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;micahg&gt;</span> <span class="hi">matttbe:</span> right, you could suggest an alternate Recommends with a sane default maybe
<a name="l-127"></a><span class="tm">14:39:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;matttbe&gt;</span> <span class="hi">micahg:</span> I don't understand your question, sorry. Did you mean that it can be good to backport stable update?
<a name="l-128"></a><span class="tm">14:39:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;micahg&gt;</span> <span class="hi">matttbe:</span> yes, backports is enabled by default since oneiric
<a name="l-129"></a><span class="tm">14:40:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;micahg&gt;</span> <span class="hi">matttbe:</span> you might want to look at the requestbackport tool in ubuntu-dev-tools in precise and later
<a name="l-130"></a><span class="tm">14:41:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;matttbe&gt;</span> <span class="hi">micahg:</span> ok, thank you. I'll have a look to this tool
<a name="l-131"></a><span class="tm">14:42:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bdrung&gt;</span> <span class="hi">matttbe:</span> i recommend to look at the wrap-and-sort tool (in devscripts and ubuntu-dev-tools previously)
<a name="l-132"></a><span class="tm">14:42:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;matttbe&gt;</span> <span class="hi">bdrung:</span> oh, nice tool (as many other but there are a lot of tools like that :) )
<a name="l-133"></a><span class="tm">14:43:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;matttbe&gt;</span> thank you
<a name="l-134"></a><span class="tm">14:44:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bdrung&gt;</span> <span class="hi">matttbe:</span> i saw that indicator-applet 0.5.0-0ubuntu2 failed to build (https://launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/indicator-applet/0.5.0-0ubuntu2). how could that happen and what are you doing to prevent this to happen in the future?
<a name="l-135"></a><span class="tm">14:46:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;matttbe&gt;</span> <span class="hi">bdrung:</span> Yes, I thought that it was enough to only test the modification in the apport hook :)
<a name="l-136"></a><span class="tm">14:46:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;matttbe&gt;</span> But next time, I'll build the new version with pbuilder
<a name="l-137"></a><span class="tm">14:47:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;matttbe&gt;</span> <span class="hi">bdrung:</span> but I fixed the bug in the next version and report the problem to indicator-applet devs
<a name="l-138"></a><span class="tm">14:48:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bdrung&gt;</span> <span class="hi">matttbe:</span> better be save than sorry. the build failure was introduced by a glib change and not by you. that's why test building should be always done before uploading.
<a name="l-139"></a><span class="tm">14:49:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;stgraber&gt;</span> <span class="hi">matttbe:</span> are you subscribed to ubuntu-devel-announce@lists.ubuntu.com and read it at least daily?
<a name="l-140"></a><span class="tm">14:49:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;matttbe&gt;</span> <span class="hi">stgraber:</span> I'm subscribed recently :)
<a name="l-141"></a><span class="tm">14:51:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;matttbe&gt;</span> <span class="hi">(stgraber:</span> I'll read it at least daily but currently I only received maximum one or two messages)
<a name="l-142"></a><span class="tm">14:51:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;stgraber&gt;</span> yeah, it's very low trafic but very important messages
<a name="l-143"></a><span class="tm">14:52:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;stgraber&gt;</span> so should be read pretty quickly after something new is posted to it (like the freeze announcements)
<a name="l-144"></a><span class="tm">14:52:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bdrung&gt;</span> <span class="hi">matttbe:</span> it's good to check that before doing an upload (e.g. for freeze notifications)
<a name="l-145"></a><span class="tm">14:53:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;matttbe&gt;</span> <span class="hi">bdrung:</span> ok, I'll do that. (and I've also bookmarked this link: https://wiki.ubuntu.com/QuantalQuetzal/ReleaseSchedule )
<a name="l-146"></a><span class="tm">14:53:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;barry&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#voters </span><span class="cmdline">barry bdrung Laney micahg tumbleweed stgraber cody-somerville</span>
<a name="l-147"></a><span class="tm">14:53:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;meetingology&gt;</span> Current voters: Laney barry bdrung cody-somerville micahg stgraber tumbleweed
<a name="l-148"></a><span class="tm">14:53:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;barry&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#vote </span><span class="cmdline">grant matttbe ppu rights to cairo-dock cairo-dock-plug-ins latexila</span>
<a name="l-149"></a><span class="tm">14:53:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;meetingology&gt;</span> Please vote on: grant matttbe ppu rights to cairo-dock cairo-dock-plug-ins latexila
<a name="l-150"></a><span class="tm">14:53:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;meetingology&gt;</span> Public votes can be registered by saying +1, +0 or -1 in channel, (private votes don't work yet, but when they do it will be by messaging the channel followed by +1/-1/+0 to me)
<a name="l-151"></a><span class="tm">14:54:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tumbleweed&gt;</span> +1 [ and I'd like to see these packages eventually get in sync with debian ]
<a name="l-152"></a><span class="tm">14:54:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;meetingology&gt;</span> +1 [ and I'd like to see these packages eventually get in sync with debian ] received from tumbleweed
<a name="l-153"></a><span class="tm">14:54:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bdrung&gt;</span> +1 please work with the Debian maintainers to reduce the diff between Debian and Ubuntu
<a name="l-154"></a><span class="tm">14:54:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;meetingology&gt;</span> +1 please work with the Debian maintainers to reduce the diff between Debian and Ubuntu received from bdrung
<a name="l-155"></a><span class="tm">14:55:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;barry&gt;</span> +1 i would also like to see you work toward an eventual sync w/debian
<a name="l-156"></a><span class="tm">14:55:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;meetingology&gt;</span> +1 i would also like to see you work toward an eventual sync w/debian received from barry
<a name="l-157"></a><span class="tm">14:55:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;stgraber&gt;</span> +1
<a name="l-158"></a><span class="tm">14:55:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;meetingology&gt;</span> +1 received from stgraber
<a name="l-159"></a><span class="tm">14:55:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;micahg&gt;</span> +0 good work overall, would like to see more integration with Debian (it seems all the issues have been addressed)
<a name="l-160"></a><span class="tm">14:55:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;meetingology&gt;</span> +0 good work overall, would like to see more integration with Debian (it seems all the issues have been addressed) received from micahg
<a name="l-161"></a><span class="tm">14:55:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Laney&gt;</span> +0 sorry have been distracted
<a name="l-162"></a><span class="tm">14:55:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;meetingology&gt;</span> +0 sorry have been distracted received from Laney
<a name="l-163"></a><span class="tm">14:56:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;matttbe&gt;</span> tumbleweed, bdrung, barry: yes, you're right. I'll re-contact Cairo-Dock Debian team!
<a name="l-164"></a><span class="tm">14:56:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;micahg&gt;</span> err...+1
<a name="l-165"></a><span class="tm">14:56:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;matttbe&gt;</span> (BTW I see that I'm still a member of this team ^^ https://alioth.debian.org/projects/pkg-cairo-dock/ )
<a name="l-166"></a><span class="tm">14:57:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bdrung&gt;</span> <span class="hi">matttbe:</span> i recommend to work with them in their git repository and merge the Ubuntu changes step by step (starting with the easy bits)
<a name="l-167"></a><span class="tm">14:57:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;matttbe&gt;</span> <span class="hi">bdrung:</span> ok, I'll try to do that!
<a name="l-168"></a><span class="tm">14:58:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;micahg&gt;</span> +1
<a name="l-169"></a><span class="tm">14:58:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;meetingology&gt;</span> +1 received from micahg
<a name="l-170"></a><span class="tm">14:58:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;barry&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#endvote</span><span class="cmdline"></span>
<a name="l-171"></a><span class="tm">14:58:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;meetingology&gt;</span> Voting ended on: grant matttbe ppu rights to cairo-dock cairo-dock-plug-ins latexila
<a name="l-172"></a><span class="tm">14:58:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;meetingology&gt;</span> Votes for:5 Votes against:0 Abstentions:1
<a name="l-173"></a><span class="tm">14:58:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;meetingology&gt;</span> Motion carried
<a name="l-174"></a><span class="tm">14:58:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;barry&gt;</span> <span class="hi">matttbe:</span> congratulations!
<a name="l-175"></a><span class="tm">14:58:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bdrung&gt;</span> <span class="hi">matttbe:</span> in most cases it is a pleasant experience to work with Debian Developers
<a name="l-176"></a><span class="tm">14:58:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;matttbe&gt;</span> Thanks all!
<a name="l-177"></a><span class="tm">14:59:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;matttbe&gt;</span> <span class="hi">bdrung:</span> yes, sure I also want to have "better" packages in Debian but... I'll try :)
<a name="l-178"></a><span class="tm">14:59:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;matttbe&gt;</span> Also I've two tiny questions: about Ubuntu Membership and the previous discussions, should I do something more to have this membership?
<a name="l-179"></a><span class="tm">14:59:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;barry&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Ubuntu Core Developer Applications</span>
<a name="l-180"></a><span class="tm">14:59:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tumbleweed&gt;</span> you'll get automatic membership, as things stand ATM
<a name="l-181"></a><span class="tm">14:59:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;matttbe&gt;</span> <span class="hi">tumbleweed:</span> ok, thank you :)
<a name="l-182"></a><span class="tm">15:00:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;barry&gt;</span> <span class="hi">tumbleweed:</span> welcome! you are applying to ubuntu core developer.  do you want to introduce yourself? :)
<a name="l-183"></a><span class="tm">15:00:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;micahg&gt;</span> <span class="hi">matttbe:</span> try to keep in mind, it might be possible to satisfy your wants/needs as well of those of the other Debian packagers
<a name="l-184"></a><span class="tm">15:00:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tumbleweed&gt;</span> <span class="hi">barry:</span> sure. I'll try and be quick, and we're already out of time
<a name="l-185"></a><span class="tm">15:00:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;barry&gt;</span> thanks
<a name="l-186"></a><span class="tm">15:00:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tumbleweed&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#link </span><span class="cmdline">https://wiki.ubuntu.com/StefanoRivera/CoreDevApplication</span>
<a name="l-187"></a><span class="tm">15:00:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tumbleweed&gt;</span> meh, meetingology doesn't like me
<a name="l-188"></a><span class="tm">15:00:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tumbleweed&gt;</span> anyway
<a name="l-189"></a><span class="tm">15:01:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tumbleweed&gt;</span> you had better all know me, I serve on this board :)
<a name="l-190"></a><span class="tm">15:01:06 </span><span class="nka">* barry</span> <span class="ac">thinks #links aren't working</span>
<a name="l-191"></a><span class="tm">15:01:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tumbleweed&gt;</span> so, I mostly do universe stuff, but occasionally touch something that's in main
<a name="l-192"></a><span class="tm">15:02:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tumbleweed&gt;</span> I don't have many endorsements, because I've had no regular sponsors. The 2/3 of the bulk sponsors endorsed me
<a name="l-193"></a><span class="tm">15:02:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tumbleweed&gt;</span> the other sponsors all only sponsored one upload
<a name="l-194"></a><span class="tm">15:02:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tumbleweed&gt;</span> but back to core-dev: I'd appreciate not having to go through the sponsorship process to touch main packages
<a name="l-195"></a><span class="tm">15:03:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tumbleweed&gt;</span> I haven't had significant feedback from a sponsor in ages, and don't think I'm benefiting from not having direct upload rights
<a name="l-196"></a><span class="tm">15:03:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tumbleweed&gt;</span> ..
<a name="l-197"></a><span class="tm">15:03:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Laney&gt;</span> \o
<a name="l-198"></a><span class="tm">15:04:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Laney&gt;</span> Can we learn anything from the Debian release team on how to run freezes?
<a name="l-199"></a><span class="tm">15:04:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tumbleweed&gt;</span> lol
<a name="l-200"></a><span class="tm">15:04:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Laney&gt;</span> re your first point of hate
<a name="l-201"></a><span class="tm">15:04:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Laney&gt;</span> :-)
<a name="l-202"></a><span class="tm">15:04:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bkerensa&gt;</span> :s
<a name="l-203"></a><span class="tm">15:04:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tumbleweed&gt;</span> I think there are pople in debian who ignore the release team and upload big things to unstable, without coordination
<a name="l-204"></a><span class="tm">15:05:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tumbleweed&gt;</span> so, that point of hate probably applies there, too
<a name="l-205"></a><span class="tm">15:05:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Laney&gt;</span> For example they are almost completely opposed to us on their opinion of new packages; who's right there?
<a name="l-206"></a><span class="tm">15:05:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tumbleweed&gt;</span> I think they have a far higher workload than we do
<a name="l-207"></a><span class="tm">15:05:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tumbleweed&gt;</span> tehy review every diff, and prod maintainers with RC bugs continuously
<a name="l-208"></a><span class="tm">15:06:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tumbleweed&gt;</span> whereas we trust our developers to only fix bugs after FF
<a name="l-209"></a><span class="tm">15:06:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tumbleweed&gt;</span> I think our approach makes far more sense for our tight release cycle
<a name="l-210"></a><span class="tm">15:06:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bdrung&gt;</span> where there abuses of this trust?
<a name="l-211"></a><span class="tm">15:06:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tumbleweed&gt;</span> sure, there always are a few. but that's actually not a problem
<a name="l-212"></a><span class="tm">15:07:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tumbleweed&gt;</span> as long as everything doesn't blow up, it worked, right?
<a name="l-213"></a><span class="tm">15:07:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bdrung&gt;</span> the impact of the abuses are small enough to warrant a lightweight process?
<a name="l-214"></a><span class="tm">15:07:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tumbleweed&gt;</span> yeah, exactly
<a name="l-215"></a><span class="tm">15:08:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tumbleweed&gt;</span> we have a continuous stream of people coming and asking "what's the latest they can get their new shiny thing into the release" and the only sane answer is "it gets harder. try and do it before FF, but if you can't it's not the end of the world"
<a name="l-216"></a><span class="tm">15:08:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tumbleweed&gt;</span> new packages have a very hard time breaking everything
<a name="l-217"></a><span class="tm">15:08:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;micahg&gt;</span> well, with backports on by default, that issue is less pressing
<a name="l-218"></a><span class="tm">15:09:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tumbleweed&gt;</span> sure, although I beleive we have yet to test that process
<a name="l-219"></a><span class="tm">15:09:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bdrung&gt;</span> is backport working well nowadays?
<a name="l-220"></a><span class="tm">15:10:21 </span><span class="nka">* tumbleweed</span> <span class="ac">isn't on the backports team, but from what I see, yes. Aside from our sbuild being ancient and not letting things B-D on backports</span>
<a name="l-221"></a><span class="tm">15:10:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;micahg&gt;</span> I think it's working much better than in the past, we're mainly blocked on human reviews, but I don't think they're excessive
<a name="l-222"></a><span class="tm">15:10:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bdrung&gt;</span> then i should try it again.
<a name="l-223"></a><span class="tm">15:10:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;micahg&gt;</span> I think we're getting a lot more backport requests for precise which is good news
<a name="l-224"></a><span class="tm">15:11:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Laney&gt;</span> well, it's the best time for it
<a name="l-225"></a><span class="tm">15:11:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Laney&gt;</span> we've constructed the system to make it become increasingly painful as releases go on
<a name="l-226"></a><span class="tm">15:13:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tumbleweed&gt;</span> yes, but (re FFes) people still turn up very late in the cycle with things that *have to* go in
<a name="l-227"></a><span class="tm">15:13:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tumbleweed&gt;</span> some of them being common sense, but big diffs
<a name="l-228"></a><span class="tm">15:13:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;micahg&gt;</span> yes, but the case of the FFes, people usually only want for that release, so backporting from the next dev release isn't much of an issue
<a name="l-229"></a><span class="tm">15:13:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;barry&gt;</span> there's nothing like a freeze or rc to motivate people to finish their work &lt;wink&gt;
<a name="l-230"></a><span class="tm">15:13:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tumbleweed&gt;</span> and others a dependancy of the latest greatest thing that someone really wants in the release
<a name="l-231"></a><span class="tm">15:15:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tumbleweed&gt;</span> <span class="hi">micahg:</span> if you have to put a whole stack of important-stuff in backports because it didn't make FF, that will probably mean less users
<a name="l-232"></a><span class="tm">15:15:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tumbleweed&gt;</span> the big thing in the last cycle was MAAS, I don't think that could have happily ended up in backports, rather than release
<a name="l-233"></a><span class="tm">15:15:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tumbleweed&gt;</span> but I also wasn't involved in approving that :)
<a name="l-234"></a><span class="tm">15:17:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;micahg&gt;</span> <span class="hi">tumbleweed:</span> does core-dev to you just mean being able to upload everywhere in the main archive?
<a name="l-235"></a><span class="tm">15:17:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tumbleweed&gt;</span> <span class="hi">micahg:</span> well, technically, of course it does
<a name="l-236"></a><span class="tm">15:17:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tumbleweed&gt;</span> but there are packages I wouldn't touch without very good reason to
<a name="l-237"></a><span class="tm">15:17:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ScottK&gt;</span> <span class="hi">tumbleweed:</span> It's not clear it was ready to be in the archive at all (at least technically)
<a name="l-238"></a><span class="tm">15:18:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tumbleweed&gt;</span> many of the core packages have someone that mostly looks after them. I'd coordinate with taht person, if at all possible
<a name="l-239"></a><span class="tm">15:18:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tumbleweed&gt;</span> (someone or some team)
<a name="l-240"></a><span class="tm">15:19:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tumbleweed&gt;</span> and I don't expect being a core-dev to make a major difference to what I work on, but it would allow me to scratch a few itches a little more easily
<a name="l-241"></a><span class="tm">15:19:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tumbleweed&gt;</span> <span class="hi">ScottK:</span> which wouldn't be unsuprising for something arriving at the last minute
<a name="l-242"></a><span class="tm">15:19:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tumbleweed&gt;</span> *suprising, even
<a name="l-243"></a><span class="tm">15:21:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;micahg&gt;</span> <span class="hi">tumbleweed:</span> yes, but what about the non-technical side of core-dev :)
<a name="l-244"></a><span class="tm">15:22:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;micahg&gt;</span> ah, you answered it
<a name="l-245"></a><span class="tm">15:22:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tumbleweed&gt;</span> not entirely
<a name="l-246"></a><span class="tm">15:23:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tumbleweed&gt;</span> non-technically, it also honours one as being someone who feels responsible for the entire archive, and takes a leading role in Ubuntu
<a name="l-247"></a><span class="tm">15:23:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tumbleweed&gt;</span> I'd like to think that I do both of those things, even if it's a leading role in one corner of Ubuntu :)
<a name="l-248"></a><span class="tm">15:23:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;barry&gt;</span> <span class="hi">tumbleweed:</span> ubuntu is a big room with lots of corners that need sweeping :)
<a name="l-249"></a><span class="tm">15:24:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;barry&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#vote </span><span class="cmdline">grant tumbleweed ubuntu core dev membership</span>
<a name="l-250"></a><span class="tm">15:24:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;meetingology&gt;</span> Please vote on: grant tumbleweed ubuntu core dev membership
<a name="l-251"></a><span class="tm">15:24:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;meetingology&gt;</span> Public votes can be registered by saying +1, +0 or -1 in channel, (private votes don't work yet, but when they do it will be by messaging the channel followed by +1/-1/+0 to me)
<a name="l-252"></a><span class="tm">15:24:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;stgraber&gt;</span> +1
<a name="l-253"></a><span class="tm">15:24:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;meetingology&gt;</span> +1 received from stgraber
<a name="l-254"></a><span class="tm">15:24:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bdrung&gt;</span> +1
<a name="l-255"></a><span class="tm">15:24:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;meetingology&gt;</span> +1 received from bdrung
<a name="l-256"></a><span class="tm">15:24:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;barry&gt;</span> +1
<a name="l-257"></a><span class="tm">15:24:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;meetingology&gt;</span> +1 received from barry
<a name="l-258"></a><span class="tm">15:24:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Laney&gt;</span> +1
<a name="l-259"></a><span class="tm">15:24:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;meetingology&gt;</span> +1 received from Laney
<a name="l-260"></a><span class="tm">15:24:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tumbleweed&gt;</span> \o/
<a name="l-261"></a><span class="tm">15:24:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ScottK&gt;</span> <span class="hi">tumbleweed:</span> Congratulations.
<a name="l-262"></a><span class="tm">15:25:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tumbleweed&gt;</span> <span class="hi">ScottK:</span> thanks
<a name="l-263"></a><span class="tm">15:25:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Laney&gt;</span> \o/
<a name="l-264"></a><span class="tm">15:25:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bdrung&gt;</span> <span class="hi">tumbleweed:</span> congrats
<a name="l-265"></a><span class="tm">15:25:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;barry&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#endvote</span><span class="cmdline"></span>
<a name="l-266"></a><span class="tm">15:25:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;meetingology&gt;</span> Voting ended on: grant tumbleweed ubuntu core dev membership
<a name="l-267"></a><span class="tm">15:25:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;meetingology&gt;</span> Votes for:4 Votes against:0 Abstentions:0
<a name="l-268"></a><span class="tm">15:25:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;meetingology&gt;</span> Motion carried
<a name="l-269"></a><span class="tm">15:25:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;barry&gt;</span> <span class="hi">tumbleweed:</span> congratulations!
<a name="l-270"></a><span class="tm">15:25:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;stgraber&gt;</span> didn't we miss micahg?
<a name="l-271"></a><span class="tm">15:26:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;micahg&gt;</span> oh, sorry, got distracted, +1000 :)
<a name="l-272"></a><span class="tm">15:26:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;barry&gt;</span> oh whoops.
<a name="l-273"></a><span class="tm">15:26:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tumbleweed&gt;</span> heh
<a name="l-274"></a><span class="tm">15:26:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;stgraber&gt;</span> good ;)
<a name="l-275"></a><span class="tm">15:26:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;stgraber&gt;</span> <span class="hi">tumbleweed:</span> congrats!
<a name="l-276"></a><span class="tm">15:26:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tumbleweed&gt;</span> thanks everyone
<a name="l-277"></a><span class="tm">15:26:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;barry&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">next meeting chair</span>
<a name="l-278"></a><span class="tm">15:26:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;barry&gt;</span> bdrung is up next i believe
<a name="l-279"></a><span class="tm">15:27:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bdrung&gt;</span> <span class="hi">barry:</span> nope. i was last time.
<a name="l-280"></a><span class="tm">15:27:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;barry&gt;</span> ah, then cody-somerville ?
<a name="l-281"></a><span class="tm">15:27:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bdrung&gt;</span> yes
<a name="l-282"></a><span class="tm">15:28:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;barry&gt;</span> cool.
<a name="l-283"></a><span class="tm">15:28:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bdrung&gt;</span> he can't veto ;)
<a name="l-284"></a><span class="tm">15:28:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;barry&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#endmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span></pre>
</body></html>
