#title #ubuntu-meeting: Developer Membership Board

Meeting started by micahg at 14:07:32 UTC.  The full logs are available
at
http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2012/ubuntu-meeting.2012-01-16-14.07.log.html
.



== Meeting summary ==

 *Review of previous action items
  *cody-somerville to write some documentation on how to endorse someone  (micahg, 14:08:02)
  *bdrung to talk to the TB about harmonising DMB members' expiration dates for easier restaffing  (micahg, 14:09:18)
''LINK:'' https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/technical-board/2012-January/001161.html   (micahg, 14:09:27)

 *Review any packageset descriptions that have been received (micahg)

 *Expiring members terms

 *DMB members terms expiring
laney and geser's terms for the DMB are ending 2012-02-13  (micahg, 14:11:35)
''ACTION:'' micahg to E-Mail TB to extend Laney's term 1yr (as the initial date was an error)  (micahg, 14:15:49)
''ACTION:'' tumbleweed to run the election to fill geser's seat  (micahg, 14:17:30)
''ACTION:'' tumbleweed to send mail requesting nominations for the open DMB seat  (micahg, 14:18:02)

 *AOB

 *select chair for next meeting
stgraber to chair next meeting  (micahg, 14:21:41)



Meeting ended at 14:23:09 UTC.



== Votes ==




== Action items ==

 * micahg to E-Mail TB to extend Laney's term 1yr (as the initial date was an error)
 * tumbleweed to run the election to fill geser's seat
 * tumbleweed to send mail requesting nominations for the open DMB seat



== Action items, by person ==

 * geser
 ** tumbleweed to run the election to fill geser's seat
 * Laney
 ** micahg to E-Mail TB to extend Laney's term 1yr (as the initial date was an error)
 * micahg
 ** micahg to E-Mail TB to extend Laney's term 1yr (as the initial date was an error)
 * tumbleweed
 ** tumbleweed to run the election to fill geser's seat
 ** tumbleweed to send mail requesting nominations for the open DMB seat



== People present (lines said) ==

 * micahg (38)
 * Laney (13)
 * tumbleweed (9)
 * meetingology (6)
 * geser (4)
 * stgraber (1)



== Full Log ==


 14:07:32 <micahg> #startmeeting Developer Membership Board

 14:07:33 <meetingology> Meeting started Mon Jan 16 14:07:32 2012 UTC.  The chair is micahg. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/AlanBell/mootbot.

 14:07:33 <meetingology> 

 14:07:33 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 14:07:50 <micahg> #topic Review of previous action items

 14:08:02 <micahg> #subtopic cody-somerville to write some documentation on how to endorse someone

 14:08:12 <micahg> do we know if that was done?

 14:08:58 <Laney> i think he said he was going to send it before this meeting, and I haven't seen anything

 14:09:01 <Laney> so ...

 14:09:04 <micahg> ok, carried fwd

 14:09:18 <micahg> #subtopic bdrung to talk to the TB about harmonising DMB members' expiration dates for easier restaffing

 14:09:24 <micahg> this was done

 14:09:27 <micahg> #link https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/technical-board/2012-January/001161.html

 14:09:45 <micahg> #topic Review any packageset descriptions that have been received (micahg)

 14:10:00 <micahg> oops, I meant to do that under previous actions

 14:10:33 <micahg> I'll have this ready for the next meeting

 14:10:46 <micahg> #topic Expiring members terms

 14:11:04 <micahg> #topic DMB members terms expiring

 14:11:11 <micahg> that's a little less grim :-/

 14:11:35 <micahg> #info laney and geser's terms for the DMB are ending 2012-02-13

 14:11:51 <Laney> what is the if-extended expiration date? :-)

 14:11:54 <Laney> +1y?

 14:12:08 <micahg> yes

 14:12:54 <tumbleweed> err, surely we're electing for 2 years?

 14:13:04 <micahg> so, as the initial date was an error, we can ask the TB to extend the term 1yr as we did for the rest of the members from that election if desired

 14:13:59 <micahg> otherwise, as we're 1 month out, we'd need to call for nominations for 2 weeks and then have the election

 14:14:12 <Laney> geser's too?

 14:14:21 <micahg> Laney: yes, both of you

 14:14:25 <Laney> yeah they both were

 14:14:33 <Laney> well I'm happy to be extended, I've decided

 14:14:45 <micahg> geser: what about you?

 14:14:53 <Laney> my initial request not to be came around the 'difficult time' :P

 14:15:17 <geser> I won't extend, so my seat gets free

 14:15:49 <micahg> #action micahg to E-Mail TB to extend Laney's term 1yr (as the initial date was an error)

 14:15:49 * meetingology micahg to E-Mail TB to extend Laney's term 1yr (as the initial date was an error)

 14:16:10 <micahg> Laney: would you be up for running this election?

 14:16:17 <Laney> I did the last one ...

 14:16:27 <geser> I've been on MC and DMB for almost 4 years, so I need to take a break (besides I'm missing time to do it properly)

 14:16:30 <micahg> ok, then, any volunteers?

 14:17:12 * tumbleweed supposes he can

 14:17:23 <Laney> good man

 14:17:29 <tumbleweed> still have scripts?

 14:17:30 <micahg> #action tumbleweed to run the election to fill geser's seat

 14:17:30 * meetingology tumbleweed to run the election to fill geser's seat

 14:17:38 <Laney> scripts for what?

 14:17:54 <tumbleweed> the vote e-mail address collection

 14:18:02 <micahg> #action tumbleweed to send mail requesting nominations for the open DMB seat

 14:18:02 * meetingology tumbleweed to send mail requesting nominations for the open DMB seat

 14:18:13 <geser> the only needed script is to collect the e-mail addresses from LP for CIVS

 14:18:21 <tumbleweed> yes

 14:18:29 <micahg> yes, but that's part 2, first comes the call for nominees

 14:18:55 <tumbleweed> of course

 14:19:06 <micahg> #topic AOB

 14:19:14 <micahg> anyone?

 14:19:46 <Laney> nah, just iterated through launchpad.people['ubuntu-dev'].participants

 14:20:11 <tumbleweed> Laney: ok

 14:20:28 <micahg> going once

 14:20:29 <geser> Laney: this works recursively for sub-teams?

 14:20:33 <micahg> twice

 14:20:41 <micahg> #topic select chair for next meeting

 14:20:49 <Laney> yes

 14:21:14 <micahg> stgraber: looks like you're next

 14:21:25 <micahg> does that work?

 14:21:33 <stgraber> yep

 14:21:37 <tumbleweed> did geser do one this cycle?

 14:21:41 <micahg> #info stgraber to chair next meeting

 14:21:52 <micahg> tumbleweed: yes, first one in Dec IIRC

 14:22:07 <micahg> of course if he'd wish to do another one...

 14:22:13 <tumbleweed> heh

 14:22:46 <micahg> ok, thanks everyone

 14:23:09 <micahg> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/AlanBell/mootbot)