#title #ubuntu-meeting Meeting

Meeting started by bdrung at 19:05:36 UTC.  The full logs are available
at
http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2012/ubuntu-meeting.2012-07-16-19.05.log.html
.



== Meeting summary ==

 *Review of previous action items
  *micahg to document the zentyal packageset  (bdrung, 19:07:28)
  *everyone try and be at CC meeting July 5th 17:00 UTC  (bdrung, 19:09:59)
  *micahg to start a discussion on dmb@ about whether PPU should confer membership  (bdrung, 19:11:07)
''ACTION:'' add PPU-membership thing discussion for getting a consensus on the agenda  (bdrung, 19:17:21)

 *Ubuntu Core Developer Applications
  *Iain Lane's core-dev application  (bdrung, 19:18:48)
''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/IainLane/CoreDevApplication   (bdrung, 19:18:59)
''LINK:'' http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/sponsoring/   (bdrung, 19:28:00)
''LINK:'' http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/sponsoring/sponsoring.json   (bdrung, 19:35:59)

 *Select a chair for the next meeting



Meeting ended at 20:07:54 UTC.



== Votes ==


 * Should Iain Lane become a core-dev?
   For: 4 Against: 0 Abstained: 0



== Action items ==

 * add PPU-membership thing discussion for getting a consensus on the agenda



== People present (lines said) ==

 * Laney (78)
 * bdrung (53)
 * micahg (14)
 * meetingology (13)
 * stgraber (11)
 * cody-somerville (3)
 * beuno (2)
 * skaet (1)



== Full Log ==


 19:05:36 <bdrung> #startmeeting

 19:05:36 <meetingology> Meeting started Mon Jul 16 19:05:36 2012 UTC.  The chair is bdrung. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 19:05:36 <meetingology> 

 19:05:36 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 19:07:16 <bdrung> #topic Review of previous action items

 19:07:28 <bdrung> #subtopic micahg to document the zentyal packageset

 19:07:38 <micahg> nope, /me is a slacker

 19:08:03 <bdrung> micahg: should we increase the pressure? ;)

 19:08:08 <Laney> one beer per meeting undone

 19:08:10 <Laney> each.

 19:08:18 <micahg> heh

 19:08:22 <bdrung> good idea.

 19:08:46 <bdrung> should we vote on that? :P

 19:08:49 <micahg> as long as it's not retroactive :)

 19:09:20 * cody-somerville grins.

 19:09:57 <bdrung> we are not politicians. :)

 19:09:59 <bdrung> #subtopic everyone try and be at CC meeting July 5th 17:00 UTC

 19:10:15 <Laney> some people did

 19:10:28 <Laney> we mainly discussed the PPU-membership thing

 19:11:01 <bdrung> which leads to the next item

 19:11:07 <bdrung> #subtopic micahg to start a discussion on dmb@ about whether PPU should confer membership

 19:11:20 * micahg forgets if he did that or not

 19:11:47 * micahg started one before the CC meeting

 19:11:48 <bdrung> beer, beer, beer!

 19:11:53 <Laney> yeah, there is one ther

 19:11:54 <Laney> e

 19:12:00 <Laney> we should get some kind of consensus

 19:12:08 <Laney> weren't we supposed to start one with the cc or something?

 19:12:21 <micahg> Laney: no, I think that was bueno's action

 19:12:31 <Laney> oh, great

 19:12:33 <micahg> beuno I mean

 19:14:58 * Laney eyes bdrung

 19:15:23 <bdrung> shouldn't we come to some kind of consensus?

 19:15:34 <beuno> yes, apologies, I have not sent out the proper emails

 19:15:37 <beuno> will do so today

 19:15:51 <Laney> we should, in ^ thread

 19:15:59 <Laney> put it on the agenda for the next meeting

 19:16:42 * stgraber waves

 19:17:21 <bdrung> #action add PPU-membership thing discussion for getting a consensus on the agenda

 19:17:21 * meetingology add PPU-membership thing discussion for getting a consensus on the agenda

 19:17:29 <stgraber> sorry for not showing up earlier, was debugging some cdimage script and missed the beginning of the meeting :(

 19:18:09 <bdrung> #topic Ubuntu Core Developer Applications

 19:18:48 <bdrung> #subtopic Iain Lane's core-dev application

 19:18:59 <bdrung> #link https://wiki.ubuntu.com/IainLane/CoreDevApplication

 19:19:38 <bdrung> Laney: do you like to introduce yourself? ;)

 19:19:47 <Laney> ok

 19:20:13 <Laney> My name is Iain. I live in Nottingham, which is in the East Midlands in England.

 19:20:19 <Laney> It's raining.

 19:20:26 <Laney> It's been raining for about three months constantly.

 19:20:48 <Laney> I'm a MOTU and I've been one for something over three years now. I've been a DD for a bit over a year.

 19:20:51 <bdrung> then you have enough time to code ;)

 19:21:21 <Laney> In Ubuntu I'm a backporter, I'm on the release team and I'm also on this DMB.

 19:21:34 <Laney> I just joined Canonical on the Desktop team, as you might be able to tell from my endorsers.

 19:21:38 <Laney> ..

 19:23:31 <micahg> Laney: as you're in ubuntu-desktop know, do you see yourself uploading things outside of MOTU and the desktop package set?

 19:23:39 <micahg> s/know/now/

 19:24:07 <Laney> yeah, desktop can be kind of limited

 19:24:21 <Laney> I have a glib2.0 and poppler upload planned, both of which I don't think are in the desktop set.

 19:24:28 <Laney> (the former uploaded to exp already)

 19:25:33 <Laney> Also, it would be good to be able to sponsor stuff.

 19:25:42 <Laney> Oh. I also found myself looking after emacs a bit.

 19:25:59 <bdrung> Laney: will you help to reduce the sponsors queue to zero?

 19:27:06 <Laney> I'd like to think so. I've not been a very active sponsor in Ubuntu to date really.

 19:27:15 <Laney> I'm much better at sponsoring stuff in Debian for some reason.

 19:27:40 <bdrung> Laney: do you know our sponsors queue list?

 19:27:49 <Laney> do I know it?

 19:27:54 <Laney> You mean do I know where it is?!

 19:28:00 <bdrung> http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/sponsoring/

 19:28:21 <Laney> yes

 19:28:23 <bdrung> have you looked at it?

 19:28:26 <Laney> I even submitted a patch to it before

 19:28:30 <Laney> which broke it and got reverted

 19:29:15 <bdrung> Laney: do you know why you are better sponsor in debian than in ubuntu?

 19:29:26 <Laney> more focused teams I guess

 19:29:37 <Laney> sometimes people email me directly which works quite well

 19:29:57 <Laney> I have a much higher chance of being able to review one of those changes well than any random Ubuntu package

 19:30:10 <bdrung> Laney: would grouping by package set help?

 19:30:18 <Laney> it does that

 19:30:26 <Laney> and yeah, I do sometimes cherry-pick those sponsor request

 19:30:37 <Laney> but cli-mono hasn't historically had that many. Maybe it'll be better now with desktop

 19:31:36 <bdrung> we could create separate tables for each package set

 19:32:35 <Laney> not sure it would add much over being able to sort the columns as you can do currently

 19:33:42 <bdrung> would it help to group by debian teams?

 19:34:15 <Laney> maybe

 19:34:23 <Laney> does it have a feed?

 19:34:33 <Laney> or some kind of machine readable output

 19:34:36 <bdrung> no, it has no rss feed

 19:34:41 <Laney> it would be easy enough to hook it up to whatever fancy stuff if so

 19:34:49 <Laney> maybe it should just export json or something

 19:35:43 <bdrung> we have a json export

 19:35:59 <bdrung> http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/sponsoring/sponsoring.json

 19:36:48 <bdrung> i like to discuss your "What I like least in Ubuntu" section

 19:36:50 <Laney> should be easy enough to compute whatever lists you want then

 19:36:53 <Laney> yes! yes let's!

 19:37:12 * skaet also thinks from release team perspective that Laney have wider upload permissions beyond desktop would be good.  :)

 19:37:34 <bdrung> you wrote that there are not enough people working on universe.

 19:37:52 * Laney hugs skaet - cheers :-)

 19:38:01 <bdrung> it seems to me that the number of MOTUs decrease.

 19:38:20 <Laney> right

 19:38:25 <bdrung> in contrast, debian seems to grow and grow

 19:38:34 <Laney> we barely get any new MOTU though the DMB any more, do we?

 19:38:47 <micahg> I think we've had a handful in the last year

 19:39:29 <Laney> 5 or so

 19:39:29 <bdrung> what can be done?

 19:39:56 <Laney> heh

 19:40:12 <Laney> we've discussed this for the past several UDS

 19:40:31 <bdrung> anything that was successful?

 19:40:33 <Laney> this developer advisory team seems like a good idea, but I still don't see very many new active peopl in the channel

 19:40:54 <Laney> in Debian you get to own your own stuff, maybe that's why people stick there

 19:41:07 <Laney> you can also get involved with the whole of the distro, not just a few teams

 19:41:48 <Laney> it's set up differently, which is my second point here

 19:43:22 <Laney> perhaps the presence of the company somehow makes people less willing?

 19:44:14 <micahg> well, QA is always hard to find, and MOTU kinda acts like Debian QA for universe

 19:44:30 <bdrung> maybe, the press sometimes have a strange view on Ubuntu and write "Canonical does this and that", but instead it's done by the community

 19:45:06 <Laney> even so, Debian QA is more proactive than MOTU is

 19:45:45 <Laney> possibly because there's a higher chance of there being a 'hit' on any bug over there, because each package has a maintainer (at least in theory)

 19:45:53 <Laney> whereas in MOTU you have to do it yourself really

 19:49:14 <bdrung> your second point was that we do not focus enough on user freedom. can you explain what user freedom means to you? FLOSS?

 19:50:40 <bdrung> what can we improve?

 19:50:51 <Laney> I get a feeling that we're reluctant to put the freedom of this project we're making as promenantly as we could.

 19:51:18 <Laney> People talk about trying to toggle the little 'non-free software' button on in the installer.

 19:51:29 <Laney> Teams rely on non-free software for their infrastructure.

 19:52:27 <Laney> I dunno, I feel like somehow the Free-ness is a bit more incidental than I'd like it to be.

 19:53:59 <bdrung> so we should make it more visible to our developers that Free-ness is very important to us?

 19:55:39 <Laney> well, it is to me.

 19:55:53 <Laney> I'd like it if the front page of the website held this up.

 19:56:37 <bdrung> Laney: did you talked to the web team (or whatever team is responsible for the website)?

 19:58:18 <bdrung> Laney: can we MIR unar and get it installed by default? then we can drop unrar from ubuntu-restricted-extras

 19:58:19 <Laney> no, mainly because I neither have a good suggestion nor know if other people agree.

 19:58:53 <bdrung> how about starting a discussion on the mailing list?

 19:59:00 <Laney> no idea what that is. is it a 100% replacement? why does it need to be in main/installed by default?

 19:59:53 <bdrung> unar can extract rar files and should be a 100% replacement. the upcoming file-roller can use unar to extract rar files.

 20:00:29 <bdrung> we passed the 1 hour mark. let's vote and continue the discussion later.

 20:00:51 <Laney> possibly. it could be added as depends/recommends/whatever there and unrar dropped if so.

 20:00:54 <Laney> that would be good.

 20:01:23 <bdrung> #vote Should Iain Lane become a core-dev?

 20:01:23 <meetingology> Please vote on: Should Iain Lane become a core-dev?

 20:01:23 <meetingology> Public votes can be registered by saying +1, +0 or -1 in channel, (private votes don't work yet, but when they do it will be by messaging the channel followed by +1/-1/+0 to me)

 20:01:28 <stgraber> +1

 20:01:28 <meetingology> +1 received from stgraber

 20:01:39 <bdrung> +1

 20:01:39 <meetingology> +1 received from bdrung

 20:02:35 <micahg> +1 good work all around

 20:02:35 <meetingology> +1 good work all around received from micahg

 20:02:44 <micahg> and we have +1 from tumbleweed as well

 20:02:48 <Laney> cody-somerville: ?

 20:03:05 <cody-somerville> +1 for sure

 20:03:05 <meetingology> +1 for sure received from cody-somerville

 20:03:30 <cody-somerville> strong evidence of leadership and technical merit

 20:03:48 <bdrung> there is one +1 from tumbleweed via email

 20:04:15 <bdrung> #endvote

 20:04:15 <meetingology> Voting ended on: Should Iain Lane become a core-dev?

 20:04:15 <meetingology> Votes for:4 Votes against:0 Abstentions:0

 20:04:15 <meetingology> Motion carried

 20:04:22 <stgraber> Laney: added

 20:04:26 <Laney> \o/

 20:04:35 <stgraber> Laney: did you have any PPU?

 20:04:39 <Laney> no

 20:04:39 <bdrung> Laney: welcome in the core-dev team

 20:04:48 <stgraber> good, no need to fight with edit_acl then

 20:04:49 <Laney> motu, desktop, cli-mono

 20:04:54 <Laney> oh yeah, did that get fixed?

 20:04:58 <Laney> also, thanks all!

 20:05:05 <micahg> Laney: congrats

 20:05:08 <bdrung> #topic Select a chair for the next meeting

 20:05:22 <bdrung> next chair will be barry

 20:05:42 <bdrung> should i add the we go alphabetical through our list?

 20:06:00 <stgraber> well, it still takes half an hour to list the upload rights because of the remaining duplicates and some packagesets can't be changed because they are duplicates and the API and DB disagree on the index...

 20:06:06 <stgraber> so short answer, no, edit_acl is still a mess

 20:06:31 <stgraber> I believe cjwatson fixed the code to create a new series in LP, so it shouldn't get any worse at least

 20:06:45 <Laney> ah, so we need SQL-fu to dedup

 20:06:50 <stgraber> yeah

 20:07:08 <stgraber> I have a bug and ticket open on LP for months now... might go poke #launchpad-ops about getting that stuff done

 20:07:31 <Laney> would be good

 20:07:54 <bdrung> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)