== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting: DMB, 20 Jun at 19:05 &mdash; 19:53 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2016/ubuntu-meeting.2016-06-20-19.05.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Review of previous action items ===
The discussion about "Review of previous action items" started at 19:05.

 * '''cyphremox Update Mate packages per Iain Laney's suggestions''' (19:06)
 * '''everyone to review rbasak's question on devel-permissions and give feedback''' (19:08)
  * ''ACTION:'' rbasak to find a TB DMB member to create packageset for gunnarhj's packages
  * ''ACTION:'' rbasak to add gunnarhj's packages to the new packageset (carried)
  * ''ACTION:'' rbasak to update packageset script to handle globs for new packageset if needed
 * '''sil2100 to check the state of Ubuntu uTouch Uploaders and any other teams that might be non-existent''' (19:26)

=== MOTU Applications ===
The discussion about "MOTU Applications" started at 19:26.

 * '''Reinstating Jeremy Bicha into MOTU after an absence''' (19:26)
  * ''Vote:'' reinstate jbicha and ubuntu-gnome-dev (Carried)

=== AOB ===
The discussion about "AOB" started at 19:49.

  * next chair rbasak



== Vote results ==

 * [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2016/ubuntu-meeting.2016-06-20-19.05.log.html#98 reinstate jbicha and ubuntu-gnome-dev]]
  * Motion carried (For/Against/Abstained 5/0/0)
   *  Voters BenC, micahg, rbasak, cyphermox, bdmurray



== Action items, by person ==

 * rbasak
  * rbasak to find a TB DMB member to create packageset for gunnarhj's packages
  * rbasak to add gunnarhj's packages to the new packageset (carried)
  * rbasak to update packageset script to handle globs for new packageset if needed



== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * micahg (47)
 * rbasak (23)
 * meetingology (21)
 * jbicha (19)
 * bdmurray (10)
 * BenC (8)
 * cyphermox (3)



== Full Log ==


 19:05 <micahg> #startmeeting DMB

 19:05 <meetingology> Meeting started Mon Jun 20 19:05:22 2016 UTC.  The chair is micahg. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 19:05 <meetingology> 

 19:05 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 19:05 <micahg> Welcome to the DMB meeting

 19:05 <micahg> #topic Review of previous action items

 19:06 <micahg> #subtopic cyphremox Update Mate packages per Iain Laney's suggestions

 19:06 <micahg> hrm, wiki typo

 19:06 <micahg> any update

 19:07 <micahg> cyphermox: ^^

 19:07 <cyphermox> hello

 19:07 <bdmurray> he was at a sprint last week so might be taking a swap day

 19:07 <bdmurray> or not

 19:08 <cyphermox> nah but it's not done iether

 19:08 <micahg> ok

 19:08 <micahg> carried

 19:08 <micahg> #subtopic everyone to review rbasak's question on devel-permissions and give feedback

 19:09 <micahg> whoops, I forgot to do that

 19:09 <rbasak> Unless anyone objects, I'll go ahead and ask the TB to add the packageset this week.

 19:10 <micahg> we have TB members on the team, we can JFDI

 19:10 <BenC> I’m all for that

 19:10 <bdmurray> rbasak: what was the decision on fonts-*? gunnar seemed to indicate he didn't care about that as much

 19:11 <rbasak> Based on the ML thread, I thought we were going to create a personal packageset for Gunnar.

 19:11 <rbasak> Then we can adjust it as/if/when glob expansions change.

 19:11 <micahg> I forget, is there any team in Debian for which this packageset could be mirrored against?

 19:11 <bdmurray> "If wildcards cannot be used that way, I'd suggest that you skip the fonts-* part for now."

 19:12 <micahg> well, if we're doing a packageset, we can add new fonts-* to the packageset when requested

 19:12 <micahg> and the packageset script could actually be updated to handle that

 19:13 <rbasak> Let's stop bikeshedding this.

 19:14 <micahg> I'd still prefer to make the packageset more general if there's a way to do that that makes sense, otherwise, i'm fine with the personal packageset in this scenario

 19:15 <rbasak> micahg: fine, but please can you decide your "if" now, so that we can proceed?

 19:18 <micahg> would anyone else also want a languages packageset or is it just me?

 19:18 <micahg> sorry, was looking up the packages requested again

 19:18 <bdmurray> I don't think the extra work is justified at this point in time.

 19:20 <bdmurray> Additionally, I believe I looked for overlap in the packages requested and other package sets and found little to none.

 19:20 <micahg> ok, rbasak can I assign to you then to find a TB person (I think we have one or two on the team) to create the packageset and then add the packages to the new packageset with a description and possibly updating the packageset script for the globs?

 19:21 <rbasak> bdmurray: extra work for which option?

 19:21 <micahg> yeah, it's just making a team in LP and marking it as the uploader for the packageset, not a lot of "extra" work

 19:21 <bdmurray> rbasak: for the languages packageset micachg was asking about.

 19:22 <rbasak> OK

 19:23 <rbasak> micahg: ack to taking that assignment

 19:23 <micahg> #action rbasak to find a TB DMB member to create packageset for gunnarhj's packages

 19:23 * meetingology rbasak to find a TB DMB member to create packageset for gunnarhj's packages

 19:24 <micahg> #action rbasak to add gunnarhj's packages to the new packageset (carried)

 19:24 * meetingology rbasak to add gunnarhj's packages to the new packageset (carried)

 19:24 <micahg> #action rbasak to update packageset script to handle globs for new packageset if needed

 19:24 * meetingology rbasak to update packageset script to handle globs for new packageset if needed

 19:25 <rbasak> Thanks

 19:25 <micahg> #subtopic everyone to review rbasak's question on devel-permissions and give feedback

 19:25 <micahg> oops

 19:25 <micahg> #undo

 19:25 <meetingology> Removing item from minutes: SUBTOPIC

 19:26 <micahg> #subtopic sil2100 to check the state of Ubuntu uTouch Uploaders and any other teams that might be non-existent

 19:26 <micahg> carried

 19:26 <micahg> moving on

 19:26 <micahg> #topic MOTU Applications

 19:26 <micahg> #subtopic Reinstating Jeremy Bicha into MOTU after an absence

 19:27 <micahg> I guess my main question is what was the motivation for leaving before

 19:29 <micahg> jbicha: ^^

 19:29 <jbicha> I knew I wasn't going to be using my permissions for a while so I thought it would be better if I left the teams

 19:29 <bdmurray> Did he leave or just not renew when he got the email from Launchpad?

 19:29 <jbicha> I left the teams

 19:31 <BenC> jbicha: I go through periods of not using my core dev permissions. It’s best to retain permissions that you are granted, and only drop them if you plan on never returning.

 19:31 <BenC> That’s my opinion, but I think it’s fairly well accepted by others. Just a note for the future :)

 19:31 <jbicha> I'll keep that in mind

 19:32 <micahg> well, that's debatable, I think that's what happens in practice, but I don't know if that's best

 19:32 <jbicha> is it better for the project though if someone actively marks their absence

 19:32 <BenC> As someone trying to get back into Debian, I feel the path of least difficulty for getting you back on track is best.

 19:32 <micahg> jbicha: are your reasons why you weren't uploading something you can share?

 19:33 <jbicha> micahg: I'd rather not discuss my need to leave publicly if that's ok

 19:33 <jbicha> it was for personal reasons

 19:33 <micahg> ok

 19:34 <BenC> I would say that self removal shows some form of self discipline and respect for the project, so there’s that.

 19:35 <rbasak> jbicha: what sort of uploads do you expect to do with restored permissions? Have you done any sponsored ones already

 19:35 <rbasak> ?

 19:36 <jbicha> my recent activity has been helping with sru's for xenial: gnome-documents, gnome-taquin (stuck in queue) and abiword

 19:36 <jbicha> I am looking to rejoin ~motu and ~ubuntu-gnome-dev

 19:36 <jbicha> I've done quite a bit with the GNOME3 PPA since we're not ready for GTK 3.20 in Yakkety yet

 19:37 <rbasak> Are you in touch with GNOME flavor uploaders?

 19:37 <jbicha> yes, I have rejoined the Ubuntu GNOME team and communicate with ricotz and darkxst

 19:38 <rbasak> Are they aware of this request?

 19:38 <jbicha> darkxst encouraged me to re-apply

 19:39 <rbasak> OK, thanks. I just wanted to make sure we don't surprise anyone (since normally we'd expect endoresements from people on the same teams so we'd know that they are aware)

 19:39 <jbicha> he's been having computer trouble so he's been mostly off IRC recently

 19:39 <jbicha> I can ask him to send y'all an email

 19:40 <jbicha> it's also early AM in Australia (his time)

 19:40 <bdmurray> jbicha: so 2 of the 3 SRus have been accepted?

 19:40 <rbasak> IMHO (I can't speak for the others) I'm happy to trust your word.

 19:41 <rbasak> The CoC talks of departing gracefully. In your opinion, did you do this?

 19:41 <jbicha> bdmurray: yes, the other was sponsored uploaded but not accepted in the X queue yet

 19:41 <rbasak> Sorry, I'd like to have asked this in the ML, but these questions didn't occur to me until now.

 19:42 <rbasak> It's an unusual situation and I'm new on the DMB>

 19:42 <rbasak> .

 19:42 <jbicha> rbasak: yes I announced my departure in advance on https://jeremybicha.wordpress.com/2013/05/27/moving-on/

 19:42 <rbasak> Thanks

 19:42 <jbicha> and I tried to turn over things as much as possible to darkxst (I was tech lead for Ubuntu GNOME at the time)

 19:42 <rbasak> No more questions from me I think.

 19:45 <micahg> #vote reinstate jbicha and ubuntu-gnome-dev

 19:45 <meetingology> Please vote on: reinstate jbicha and ubuntu-gnome-dev

 19:45 <meetingology> Public votes can be registered by saying +1, +0 or -1 in channel, (for private voting, private message me with 'vote +1/-1/+0 #channelname)

 19:46 <rbasak> micahg: and motu I think?

 19:46 <micahg> #voters cyphermox bdmurray micahg BenC

 19:46 <meetingology> Current voters: BenC bdmurray cyphermox micahg

 19:46 <BenC> +1

 19:46 <meetingology> +1 received from BenC

 19:46 <micahg> #voters cyphermox bdmurray micahg BenC rbasak

 19:46 <meetingology> Current voters: BenC bdmurray cyphermox micahg rbasak

 19:46 <micahg> and MOTU

 19:46 <rbasak> +1

 19:46 <meetingology> +1 received from rbasak

 19:47 <micahg> #vote reinstate jbicha to MOTU and ubuntu-gnome-dev

 19:47 <meetingology> Voting still open on: reinstate jbicha and ubuntu-gnome-dev

 19:47 <bdmurray> +1

 19:47 <meetingology> +1 received from bdmurray

 19:47 <cyphermox> +1

 19:47 <meetingology> +1 received from cyphermox

 19:47 <micahg> +1

 19:47 <meetingology> +1 received from micahg

 19:47 <BenC> +1 again?

 19:47 <meetingology> +1 again? received from BenC

 19:48 <micahg> #endvote

 19:48 <meetingology> Voting ended on: reinstate jbicha and ubuntu-gnome-dev

 19:48 <meetingology> Votes for:5 Votes against:0 Abstentions:0

 19:48 <meetingology> Motion carried

 19:48 <micahg> jbicha: thanks, we'll get this set up for you again

 19:48 <BenC> jbicha: Welcome back

 19:48 <jbicha> thank you!

 19:49 <micahg> #topic AOB

 19:49 <jbicha> the sponsoring queue was a bit slow lately so now I can be looking at it from the other side (i.e. helping)

 19:53 <micahg> #info next chair rbasak

 19:53 <micahg> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)