== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting: Developer Membership Board Meeting, 04 Jul at 15:16 &mdash; 15:31 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2016/ubuntu-meeting.2016-07-04-15.16.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Action review ===
The discussion about "Action review" started at 15:16.


=== Ubuntu Contributing Developer Applications ===
The discussion about "Ubuntu Contributing Developer Applications" started at 15:19.


=== MOTU Applications ===
The discussion about "MOTU Applications" started at 15:19.


=== Ubuntu Core Developer Applications ===
The discussion about "Ubuntu Core Developer Applications" started at 15:21.

  * ''Vote:'' Is juliank suitable for core-dev, despite looking like he's 12? (Carried)

=== Next chair ===
The discussion about "Next chair" started at 15:29.


=== AOB ===
The discussion about "AOB" started at 15:30.




== Vote results ==

 * [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2016/ubuntu-meeting.2016-07-04-15.16.log.html#59 Is juliank suitable for core-dev, despite looking like he's 12?]]
  * Motion carried (For/Against/Abstained 4/0/0)
   *  Voters sil2100, rbasak, infinity, cyphermox



== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * infinity (45)
 * meetingology (12)
 * ogra_ (10)
 * cyphermox (8)
 * mvo (6)
 * rbasak (5)
 * sil2100 (4)
 * juliank (3)



== Full Log ==


 15:16 <infinity> #startmeeting Developer Membership Board Meeting

 15:16 <meetingology> Meeting started Mon Jul  4 15:16:21 2016 UTC.  The chair is infinity. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 15:16 <meetingology> 

 15:16 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 15:16 <infinity> #topic Action review

 15:16 <infinity> cyphermox: Did you do the thing?

 15:16 <cyphermox> if it's just the three of us we don't have quorum

 15:16 <infinity> Someone said 4...

 15:17 <cyphermox> infinity: no. mea culpa, I should do it now

 15:17 <cyphermox> oh, nevermind I had not seen rbasak

 15:17 <infinity> cyphermox: Doing it "now" as in, we can remove it from the agenda, or "nowish", and we should keep it there? :P

 15:18 <cyphermox> keep it there so next time I can have the joy of saying it's done.

 15:18 <rbasak> I still have to poke infinity to do the thing for GunnarHj.

 15:18 <infinity> rbasak: Kay.

 15:18 <infinity> sil2100: Your touch action marked done on the wiki, concur?

 15:19 <infinity> #topic Ubuntu Contributing Developer Applications

 15:19 <infinity> I see no rosco here.  Skipping along.

 15:19 <sil2100> infinity: yes, I cleaned up the wiki and checked the others, so it's done

 15:19 <infinity> #topic MOTU Applications

 15:19 <cyphermox> infinity: rosco wasn't scheduled for today

 15:20 <infinity> cyphermox: Oh, derp.  I no can read.

 15:20 <infinity> So, re: jbicha.  Do we need discussion here?

 15:20 <infinity> Clearly not, as he's a MOTU member.

 15:20 <infinity> So someone reinstated him already.

 15:21 * infinity zips along.

 15:21 <infinity> #topic Ubuntu Core Developer Applications

 15:21 <infinity> juliank: Your turn.

 15:22 <infinity> So, from my POV, juliank needs exactly zero of the silly questions we usually ask, his work speaks for itself.

 15:22 <infinity> My only concern about PPU versus core-dev was if he needed the keys to the kingdom, or a more limited set, but he's expressed interest in generic +1 type work across the distro.

 15:23 <infinity> juliank: Feel free to introduce yourself and make any arguments you'd like to as to why you're a whiz-bang guy.

 15:23 <rbasak> juliank: do you understand the Ubuntu release cycle, freezes, etc?

 15:23 * ogra_ cheers for juliank

 15:23 <ogra_> *\o/*

 15:23 <ogra_> (pompoms)

 15:23 <ogra_> (no miniskirt though)

 15:23 <juliank> rbasak: Yes, I do understand the release cycle and the freezes. I even aligned the whole APT 1.2 series to it :)

 15:23 <rbasak> OK, that's all from me then. Thanks :)

 15:24 <infinity> ogra_: Thank god.

 15:24 <ogra_> :)

 15:24 <infinity> ogra_: I still have nightmares about your cycling shorts.

 15:24 <ogra_> haha

 15:24 <sil2100> ...wow

 15:24 <ogra_> from paris with love :)

 15:24 * sil2100 has no questions

 15:24 <infinity> I don't think elmo will ever forget that day either.

 15:25 <ogra_> heh, definitely ... i still hav the pants in case i need to blackmail him one day

 15:25 <infinity> Aaaaaanyway.

 15:26 <infinity> Brain bleach aside, shall we vote, or do people have questions for the super-cow-powered juliank?

 15:26 <mvo> +1 from me

 15:26 <mvo> sorry for being late

 15:26 <infinity> mvo: You don't get a vote.

 15:26 <mvo> I know

 15:26 <ogra_> thats just additional cheering ;)

 15:26 <mvo> I still want to show my support!

 15:26 <mvo> exactly

 15:27 <infinity> mvo: Plus, you abandoned me, so your +1 is a -1.

 15:27 * mvo hugs infinity

 15:27 <infinity> #startvote Is juliank suitable for core-dev, despite looking like he's 12?

 15:27 <infinity> #vote Is juliank suitable for core-dev, despite looking like he's 12?

 15:27 <meetingology> Please vote on: Is juliank suitable for core-dev, despite looking like he's 12?

 15:27 <meetingology> Public votes can be registered by saying +1, +0 or -1 in channel, (for private voting, private message me with 'vote +1/-1/+0 #channelname)

 15:28 <infinity> +1

 15:28 <meetingology> +1 received from infinity

 15:28 <rbasak> +1

 15:28 <meetingology> +1 received from rbasak

 15:28 <sil2100> +1

 15:28 <meetingology> +1 received from sil2100

 15:28 <infinity> cyphermox: ?

 15:28 <cyphermox> wooa, difficult decisions

 15:28 <cyphermox> +1

 15:28 <meetingology> +1 received from cyphermox

 15:28 <infinity> #endvote

 15:28 <meetingology> Voting ended on: Is juliank suitable for core-dev, despite looking like he's 12?

 15:28 <meetingology> Votes for:4 Votes against:0 Abstentions:0

 15:28 <meetingology> Motion carried

 15:28 <infinity> Looketh good to me.

 15:29 <juliank> Yay!

 15:29 <infinity> Who wants to go add him?

 15:29 <ogra_> congrats !!

 15:29 <rbasak> I'll do it.

 15:29 <infinity> rbasak: Ta.

 15:29 <infinity> #topic Next chair

 15:29 <infinity> Next chair should be Micah again, I guess.

 15:30 <infinity> And probably me a few times, because I keep missing meetings.

 15:30 <infinity> #topic AOB

 15:30 <infinity> Anyone have any OB?

 15:30 <cyphermox> how's South Africa?

 15:30 <infinity> Pleasant.

 15:30 <infinity> Nice mild winter.

 15:30 <infinity> Beats the harsh summer back home.

 15:30 <juliank> It's really warm today!

 15:31 <infinity> Right, that concludes our OB, it seems.

 15:31 <infinity> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)