== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting: Developer Membership Board, 18 Jan at 15:43 &mdash; 16:38 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2016/ubuntu-meeting.2016-01-18-15.43.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== PPU uploader Sergio Schvezov for snappy and snapcraft ===
The discussion about "PPU uploader Sergio Schvezov for snappy and snapcraft" started at 15:46.

  * ''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SergioSchvezov 
  * ''LINK:'' http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses.html 
  * ''Vote:'' grant sergiusens PPU rights for ubuntu-snappy, snapcraft (Carried)

=== Core Dev Application - caribou ===
The discussion about "Core Dev Application - caribou" started at 16:13.

  * ''Vote:'' grant caribou ubuntu core dev rights (Carried)
  * ''LINK:'' http://autopkgtest.ubuntu.com/packages/u/udisks2/xenial/ppc64el/ 

=== next chair ===
The discussion about "next chair" started at 16:28.

  * ''ACTION:'' infinity to chair the next DMB meeting

=== any other bussiness ===
The discussion about "any other bussiness" started at 16:29.




== Vote results ==

 * [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2016/ubuntu-meeting.2016-01-18-15.43.log.html#69 grant sergiusens PPU rights for ubuntu-snappy, snapcraft]]
  * Motion carried (For/Against/Abstained 4/0/0)
   *  Voters cyphermox, xnox, Laney, micahg
 * [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2016/ubuntu-meeting.2016-01-18-15.43.log.html#128 grant caribou ubuntu core dev rights]]
  * Motion carried (For/Against/Abstained 4/0/0)
   *  Voters cyphermox, xnox, Laney, micahg



== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * xnox (70)
 * Laney (45)
 * sergiusens (28)
 * meetingology (24)
 * caribou (22)
 * micahg (8)
 * cyphermox (8)
 * ogra_ (8)
 * dholbach (4)
 * ubottu (2)
 * mapreri (1)



== Full Log ==


 15:43 <xnox> #startmeeting Developer Membership Board

 15:43 <meetingology> Meeting started Mon Jan 18 15:43:47 2016 UTC.  The chair is xnox. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 15:43 <meetingology> 

 15:43 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 15:43 <xnox> aha

 15:44 <xnox> sergiusens, caribou are you about?

 15:44 <sergiusens> xnox, I am

 15:45 <caribou> me too

 15:45 <xnox> cool.

 15:45 <xnox> i believe we have a qurum, so let's start.

 15:46 <xnox> #topic PPU uploader Sergio Schvezov for snappy and snapcraft

 15:46 <xnox> https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SergioSchvezov

 15:46 <xnox> sergiusens, please introduce yourself and briefly elaborate on your application =)

 15:47 <sergiusens> Hi, I am part of the Ubuntu Core team at Canonical. I'm currently working on snappy Ubuntu Core, the snappy tool itself until recently (not directly now). Now I am leading snapcraft development and I would most of all like to be able to upload snapcraft.

 15:47 <sergiusens> I can elaborate if needed

 15:48 * ogra_ is here to cheer for sergiusens :)

 15:48 <xnox> sergiusens, both are written in golang?

 15:48 <ogra_> *\o/*

 15:49 <ogra_> ^ (pompoms)

 15:49 <sergiusens> xnox, snappy in golang, snapcraft python3

 15:50 <ogra_> and while i totally trust sergios packaging skills, i really think the next step needs to be core-dev after this application :)

 15:50 <xnox> sergiusens, do you have continous testing for both against the archive? for example do you test building with golang 1.6 and python 3.5?

 15:50 <sergiusens> snapcraft, has 89% coverage of unit tests, 91% if you aggregate integration tests and running all our current examples. (the integration tests are also setup as autopackage tests, but I don't think we've ever uploaded that yet)

 15:50 <xnox> sergiusens, sounds good. yeah autopackage tests are the best to keep out broken toolchains from migrating (and breaking) your builds.

 15:50 <sergiusens> xnox, for snapcraft, we do test  with 3.5 in mind

 15:51 <sergiusens> xnox, for snappy we don't do 1.6 yet to support the gcc-go supported arches

 15:52 <sergiusens> xnox, snappy takes it one step further, each new PR (github, yes) triggers a test on image full run

 15:52 <sergiusens> test on image on one of the canonistack servers with ubuntu core

 15:53 <sergiusens> canonistack == internal cloud (just in case)

 15:53 <xnox> sergiusens, looking at the package names... is it really "snappy" the compresion algorithm package you are after to have upload rights for?

 15:53 <xnox> or is it ubuntu-snappy and snapcraft?

 15:54 <ogra_> the latter :)

 15:54 <sergiusens> xnox, oh, it is ubuntu-snappy; you are indeed right

 15:54 <ogra_> we dont use snappy in snappy

 15:54 <sergiusens> sorry about that :-/

 15:54 * sergiusens fixed in the wiki

 15:55 <xnox> sergiusens, looking at the upload history i see that mostly mvo uploads ubuntu-snappy, have you ever uploaded ubuntu-snappy?

 15:55 <sergiusens> xnox, no, I just ask him

 15:56 <sergiusens> xnox, but mvo spreads thin these days, I thought I'd help him out since I know a lot about the ubuntu-snappy internals (and its packaging as I've worked on it through MRs/PRs)

 15:56 <xnox> but i do see that mvo endorses you.

 15:57 <xnox> !dmb-ping

 15:57 <ubottu> cyphermox, infinity, Laney, micahg, xnox, bdmurray, stgraber: DMB ping

 15:57 <xnox> do you have more questions for sergiusens ?

 15:57 <cyphermox> not me. I'm already familiar with sergiusens' work

 15:58 <Laney> yes

 15:58 <Laney> looking at https://launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/ubuntu-snappy we can see that ubuntu-snappy is stuck in xenial-proposed

 15:58 <Laney> can you tell us how you'd find out what's going on there and maybe suggest how it might get unstuck?

 15:59 <sergiusens> Laney, I'd look at the excuses page

 15:59 <sergiusens> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/update_excuses.html

 16:00 <sergiusens> what I see now after opening it, is that it seem the packaging has moved from 'any' to a subset of arches, so I'd need to talk to an archive admin

 16:00 <xnox> sergiusens, how do you check the current status of the autopkgtests for a package? for example for snapcraft?

 16:01 <sergiusens> if that is really what is wanted (but I'd have to check with the uploader who did that) :-)

 16:01 <Laney> does https://launchpadlibrarian.net/234022487/buildlog_ubuntu-xenial-s390x.ubuntu-snappy_1.7.2+20160113ubuntu1_BUILDING.txt.gz tell you anything?

 16:01 <sergiusens> xnox, I know there is a page for that too, I just don't have the link handy, sorry

 16:02 <xnox> sergiusens, on the excuses page above, do a Ctrl-F search for "autopkgtest for snapcraft" there are links to logs.

 16:02 <xnox> sergiusens, and it looks like it has always failed http://autopkgtest.ubuntu.com/packages/s/snapcraft/

 16:03 <sergiusens> xnox, yeah, that's why I said, the autopackage tests I worked on haven't been uploaded yet :-) This predates me

 16:04 <xnox> sergiusens, looking at ubuntu-snappy history for debian/ folder, last commit from you was in July 2015. Do you really need upload rights for ubuntu-snappy?

 16:04 <ogra_> to take load of mvo, yes

 16:04 <sergiusens> xnox, no I don't need them, I just really want snapcraft ones, ubuntu-snappy is a nice to have and to help my team mates

 16:06 * Laney thinks it's okay for packaging to be stable

 16:06 <micahg> +1 :)

 16:07 <xnox> sergiusens, how do you choose a source packaging format for a package? and which one do you default to?

 16:07 <sergiusens> xnox, fwiw, September 2015 was my focus switch from ubuntu-snappy to snapcraft

 16:08 <sergiusens> xnox, I prefer to use non native (even though these packages say the contrary)

 16:08 <xnox> ok.

 16:09 <sergiusens> xnox, rule of thumb, native == ubuntu tools (or debian)

 16:09 <sergiusens> ubuntu exclusive

 16:10 <xnox> #vote grant sergiusens PPU rights for ubuntu-snappy, snapcraft

 16:10 <meetingology> Please vote on: grant sergiusens PPU rights for ubuntu-snappy, snapcraft

 16:10 <meetingology> Public votes can be registered by saying +1, +0 or -1 in channel, (for private voting, private message me with 'vote +1/-1/+0 #channelname)

 16:10 <Laney> +1

 16:10 <meetingology> +1 received from Laney

 16:11 <Laney> crickets

 16:11 <xnox> #voters

 16:11 <meetingology> Current voters:

 16:11 * xnox sigh

 16:11 <cyphermox> +1

 16:11 <meetingology> +1 received from cyphermox

 16:12 <xnox> +1

 16:12 <meetingology> +1 received from xnox

 16:12 <micahg> +1

 16:12 <meetingology> +1 received from micahg

 16:12 <xnox> that's it right?

 16:12 <xnox> #endvote

 16:12 <meetingology> Voting ended on: grant sergiusens PPU rights for ubuntu-snappy, snapcraft

 16:12 <meetingology> Votes for:4 Votes against:0 Abstentions:0

 16:12 <meetingology> Motion carried

 16:12 <ogra_> \o/

 16:12 <sergiusens> yay, thanks

 16:12 <xnox> #voters Laney cyphermox xnox micahg

 16:12 <meetingology> Current voters: Laney cyphermox micahg xnox

 16:12 <caribou> congratulations sergiusens

 16:12 <sergiusens> caribou, thanks

 16:13 <xnox> #topic Core Dev Application - caribou

 16:13 <xnox> #url https://wiki.ubuntu.com/LouisBouchard/Core%20Dev%20Application

 16:13 <xnox> caribou, hello =) please introduce yourself

 16:13 <caribou> Hello, my name is Louis Bouchard,

 16:14 <caribou> my daily work revolves around fixing ubuntu bugs & doing SRU for the stable  releases

 16:14 <caribou> I also have upload rights for sosreport and makedumpfile since 09/14 if I remember right

 16:14 <caribou> since most of my work revolves around Main packages, I have decided to ask for core dev rights

 16:15 <caribou> I'm also trying to do more merges

 16:15 <caribou> and being more involved in the development process

 16:15 <caribou> finally, I do some development work around kdump-tools, makedumpfile & sosreport

 16:16 <Laney> if you get approved, will you help out with patch piloting? :)

 16:16 <caribou> I would like to.

 16:16 <caribou> I have a lot of colleagues who rely on sponsorship so I know the value of being available for review & upload

 16:17 <xnox> caribou, have you had SRUs that went south after publication? and what have you done to minimize damage?

 16:17 <caribou> xnox: luckily, none that I can remember

 16:18 <caribou> xnox: my first reaction would be to revert the change that causes failure if it can be easily identifie

 16:18 <caribou> d

 16:18 <xnox> caribou, are you aware of the crash report monitoring?

 16:19 <caribou> yes, very recently pitti pointed me to an issue with rsyslog that caused crashes

 16:19 <caribou> I also know that a lot of work on it is done by bdmurray especially on the retracers

 16:19 <xnox> right.

 16:19 <caribou> I've used apport-retrace myself a few times

 16:20 <xnox> caribou, and bdmurray can also set phasing on the updates, that is after update is published in -proposed it can be reset to 0% and thus prevent any new machines automatically installing or offering the update.

 16:20 <caribou> I also had a lot of exposure to kernel crash dumps but those are not treated as such

 16:21 <caribou> xnox: yes, I recently discovered about phased updates; a concept I had heard of from Google

 16:21 <xnox> caribou, yeah, we had it since 14.04 or so (not on release day, but later during 14.10/15.04 cycles phased updates for 14.04 were enabled)

 16:21 <xnox> !dmb-ping

 16:21 <ubottu> cyphermox, infinity, Laney, micahg, xnox, bdmurray, stgraber: DMB ping

 16:22 <xnox> any more questions for caribou ?

 16:22 <Laney> nope!

 16:23 <cyphermox> all good

 16:24 <xnox> micahg, ?

 16:24 <micahg> I'm good

 16:25 <xnox> #vote grant caribou ubuntu core dev rights

 16:25 <meetingology> Please vote on: grant caribou ubuntu core dev rights

 16:25 <meetingology> Public votes can be registered by saying +1, +0 or -1 in channel, (for private voting, private message me with 'vote +1/-1/+0 #channelname)

 16:25 <xnox> +1

 16:25 <meetingology> +1 received from xnox

 16:25 <Laney> +1

 16:25 <meetingology> +1 received from Laney

 16:26 <Laney> micahg: cyphermox

 16:26 <cyphermox> +1

 16:26 <meetingology> +1 received from cyphermox

 16:26 <micahg> +1

 16:26 <meetingology> +1 received from micahg

 16:26 <Laney> |O|

 16:26 <cyphermox> sorry, I was in ppc64el lalaland

 16:27 <Laney> were you fixing udisks2?

 16:27 <Laney> yes you were

 16:27 <Laney> you great human

 16:27 * xnox ponders what's the point of setting #voters if it doesn't end the vote

 16:27 <xnox> #endvote

 16:27 <meetingology> Voting ended on: grant caribou ubuntu core dev rights

 16:27 <meetingology> Votes for:4 Votes against:0 Abstentions:0

 16:27 <meetingology> Motion carried

 16:27 <cyphermox> Laney: udisks2?

 16:27 <xnox> caribou, congrats =)

 16:27 <caribou> xnox: Laney: cyphermox: micahg: thank you very much !

 16:27 <Laney> http://autopkgtest.ubuntu.com/packages/u/udisks2/xenial/ppc64el/

 16:27 <cyphermox> caribou: congrats

 16:27 <Laney> dholbach: get this fine fellow on the patch pilot list!

 16:27 <caribou> happy to continue to be helpful to the community

 16:28 <mapreri> xnox: it restricts the ability to vote, otherwise everybody on the channel can cast a vote

 16:28 <xnox> mapreri, i see, thanks.

 16:28 <xnox> #topic next chair

 16:28 <xnox> who should be the next chair? is it Laney or somebody else?

 16:28 <Laney> infinity

 16:29 <cyphermox> yup

 16:29 <Laney> see the list on the agenda

 16:29 <xnox> #action infinity to chair the next DMB meeting

 16:29 * meetingology infinity to chair the next DMB meeting

 16:29 <Laney> take xnox and move to the end

 16:29 <Laney> when you are updating it

 16:29 <micahg> we need to kick off the nomination process for DMB soon

 16:29 <Laney> yes

 16:29 <xnox> #topic any other bussiness

 16:29 <micahg> current member terms expire 3/3 I think, so Feb 29 is the last meeting

 16:30 <xnox> do we really need to kick of DMB? i thought it's not soon.

 16:30 <Laney> 2016-03-10

 16:30 <micahg> sorry, 23/9

 16:30 <micahg> 3/9

 16:31 <xnox> so we have 3 people expiring right? bdmurray micahg and xnox ?

 16:31 <xnox> and infinity is on the other cycle, or on this cycle?

 16:31 <Laney> 2016-02-29 is the last meeting before

 16:32 <dholbach> Laney: thanks - will do

 16:32 <xnox> dholbach, oh you want to run our election? thank you =)

 16:32 <dholbach> what?

 16:32 <Laney> so we should start the 2 week vote on 2016-02-14

 16:32 <dholbach> sorry, I've only half been paying attention... I was referring to adding caribou to the pilots :)

 16:33 <xnox> dholbach, ah, haha, ok =)

 16:33 <Laney> therefore nominations starting on 2016-01-31

 16:33 <caribou> dholbach: Laney: I'll need some help if you want to get me going

 16:33 <Laney> although if it's anything like last time we'll have trouble finding people

 16:33 <Laney> so should maybe give it an extra week

 16:33 <xnox> Laney, sounds good. and i should draft a shout-out before that.

 16:33 <dholbach> caribou: sure

 16:33 <Laney> 2016-01-24

 16:34 <Laney> xnox: I'm thinking about retiring then too

 16:34 <Laney> will decde

 16:34 <Laney> +i

 16:34 <xnox> Laney, ahead of your current term?

 16:34 <Laney> yeah

 16:34 <xnox> Laney, i am legitimately expiring ;-)

 16:35 <xnox> Laney, last year you told me i should serve till the end of term, and not expire ;-)

 16:35 <xnox> Laney, you should stay for one more year.... =)

 16:35 * Laney has been on DMB since 2011-02-22

 16:35 <Laney> we'll see, maybe nobody wants to nominate themselves anyway

 16:35 <xnox> fair enough.

 16:35 <xnox> anything else?

 16:36 <Laney> wait

 16:36 <Laney> will you start it with 3 + 2 weeks?

 16:36 <Laney> i.e. on sunday?

 16:36 <Laney> assuming you were volunteering to be returning officer

 16:37 <xnox> Laney, i think i am stuck with returning officer role. I was going to start it on monday the 25th, rather than sunday.

 16:37 <xnox> Laney, do we always end things on Sunday?

 16:37 * xnox doesn't like working on sunday

 16:37 <Laney> usually advertise it as such anyway

 16:37 <Laney> at least before the meeting on the monday

 16:37 <Laney> it's more important for the actual vote

 16:37 <Laney> nominations not so much

 16:37 <xnox> ack.

 16:37 <xnox> i see, true.

 16:38 <Laney> so a week today?

 16:38 <xnox> yeap

 16:38 <Laney> ok

 16:38 <xnox> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)