#title #ubuntu-meeting: Developer Membership Board

Meeting started by micahg at 15:08:04 UTC.  The full logs are available
at
http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2013/ubuntu-meeting.2013-05-06-15.08.log.html
.



== Meeting summary ==

 *Review of previous action items
  *bdrung to write up a short summary of sweetshark's recent sponsorship  (micahg, 15:08:49)
  *barry to conduct sweetshark ppu vote on ubuntu-dmb list  (micahg, 15:09:33)
  *all: review separation of ppu from membership  (micahg, 15:10:04)
''ACTION:'' micahg to ping stgraber for feedback on PPU/membership decoupling proposal  (micahg, 15:17:28)

 *PerPackageUploader Applications

 *AOB



Meeting ended at 15:22:50 UTC.



== Votes ==




== Action items ==

 * micahg to ping stgraber for feedback on PPU/membership decoupling proposal



== Action items, by person ==

 * micahg
 ** micahg to ping stgraber for feedback on PPU/membership decoupling proposal
 * stgraber
 ** micahg to ping stgraber for feedback on PPU/membership decoupling proposal



== People present (lines said) ==

 * micahg (25)
 * bdrung (7)
 * barry (5)
 * meetingology (4)
 * tumbleweed (2)
 * stgraber (1)



== Full Log ==


 15:08:04 <micahg> #startmeeting Developer Membership Board

 15:08:05 <meetingology> Meeting started Mon May  6 15:08:04 2013 UTC.  The chair is micahg. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 15:08:05 <meetingology> 

 15:08:05 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 15:08:21 <micahg> welcome to the bi-weekly DMB meeting

 15:08:31 <micahg> #topic Review of previous action items

 15:08:49 <micahg> #subtopic bdrung to write up a short summary of sweetshark's recent sponsorship

 15:09:00 <micahg> bdrung: I think this is done, right?

 15:09:20 <barry> micahg: it has been done

 15:09:33 <micahg> #subtopic barry to conduct sweetshark ppu vote on ubuntu-dmb list

 15:09:36 <bdrung> yes

 15:09:44 <barry> not done, but will do so this week

 15:09:47 <micahg> so, this wasn't done yet as we're still discussing the feedback

 15:10:04 <micahg> #subtopic all: review separation of ppu from membership

 15:10:07 <bdrung> should we discuss it here or on email?

 15:10:13 <micahg> bdrung: email I think

 15:10:54 <micahg> bdrung: which thing?

 15:11:49 <bdrung> micahg: i could answer your questions and we could discuss it here or i response via email after the meetinng

 15:12:35 <micahg> bdrung: yeah, I think email is better

 15:12:43 <bdrung> okay

 15:13:00 <micahg> so, what about the PPU/membership stuff, did we have consensus?

 15:13:40 <bdrung> i think so

 15:13:42 <tumbleweed> looked like it

 15:13:46 <barry> yes

 15:14:08 <micahg> ok, so I guess we need a vote, should we wait until next time when Laney is present?

 15:14:51 <micahg> or does the list count as the vote?

 15:15:06 <bdrung> why should we wait for him?

 15:15:42 <tumbleweed> list vote counts as far as I'm concerned

 15:16:18 <micahg> oh, we haven't heard from stgraber yet who raised the objections originally

 15:17:08 <micahg> so, I'll try to ping him for feedback this week and we can announce the change at the next meeting hopefully

 15:17:28 <micahg> #action micahg to ping stgraber for feedback on PPU/membership decoupling proposal

 15:17:28 * meetingology micahg to ping stgraber for feedback on PPU/membership decoupling proposal

 15:17:42 <micahg> #topic PerPackageUploader Applications

 15:17:59 <micahg> hrm, I still don't see glatzor around

 15:18:38 <micahg> I guess we can wait a few minutes (until :20), otherwise, I'll wrap the meeting

 15:19:06 <barry> darn.  he said he was going to be here this week. :/

 15:19:11 <stgraber> micahg: sorry, been sprinting last week, will try to go through that thread and reply this week

 15:21:29 <micahg> barry: well, hopefully next time...

 15:21:37 <micahg> #topic AOB

 15:21:42 <micahg> anything else?

 15:22:03 <micahg> stgraber: thanks

 15:22:14 <barry> nothing from me

 15:22:27 <bdrung> i don't think so

 15:22:50 <micahg> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)