== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 03 Jun at 15:01 &mdash; 16:21 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2013/ubuntu-meeting.2013-06-03-15.01.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/DeveloperMembershipBoard/Agenda 
=== Review of previous action items ===
The discussion about "Review of previous action items" started at 15:04.

 * '''bdrung to write up a short summary of sweetshark's recent sponsorship''' (15:04)
 * '''barry to conduct sweetshark ppu vote on ubuntu-dmb list''' (15:04)
  * ''ACTION:'' barry to send outcome of sweetshark ppu vote
 * '''all: review separation of ppu from membership''' (15:05)
  * ''ACTION:'' everyone read and amend http://pad.ubuntu.com/dmb-ppu-membership-proposal, and sign up for the implementation tasks

=== Adjusting dynamic PPU to make being a DD and an Ubuntu Developer of any kind the prerequisite, instead of PPU. ===
The discussion about "Adjusting dynamic PPU to make being a DD and an Ubuntu Developer of any kind the prerequisite, instead of PPU." started at 15:08.

  * ''LINK:'' https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/devel-permissions/2013-May/000483.html 
  * ''ACTION:'' laney to update DD-PPU process to say that any ubuntu-dev is eligible

=== MOTU Application - Matt Fischer ===
The discussion about "MOTU Application - Matt Fischer" started at 15:14.

  * ''Vote:'' should mfisch join ~motu? (Carried)

=== MOTU application - Dmitry Shachnev ===
The discussion about "MOTU application - Dmitry Shachnev" started at 15:50.

  * ''Vote:'' should mitya57 join ~motu? (Carried)
  * ''ACTION:'' laney to add mfisch and mitya57 to motu

=== AOB ===
The discussion about "AOB" started at 16:17.

  * ''ACTION:'' bdrung to reply to Daniel Pocock on devel-permissions



== Vote results ==


 * should mfisch join ~motu?
  * Motion carried (For/Against/Abstained 6/0/0)

 * should mitya57 join ~motu?
  * Motion carried (For/Against/Abstained 6/0/0)



== Action items ==

 * barry to send outcome of sweetshark ppu vote
 * everyone read and amend http://pad.ubuntu.com/dmb-ppu-membership-proposal, and sign up for the implementation tasks
 * laney to update DD-PPU process to say that any ubuntu-dev is eligible
 * laney to add mfisch and mitya57 to motu
 * bdrung to reply to Daniel Pocock on devel-permissions



== Action items, by person ==

 * barry
  * barry to send outcome of sweetshark ppu vote
 * bdrung
  * bdrung to reply to Daniel Pocock on devel-permissions
 * mfisch
  * laney to add mfisch and mitya57 to motu
 * mitya57
  * laney to add mfisch and mitya57 to motu
* **UNASSIGNED**
 ** everyone read and amend http://pad.ubuntu.com/dmb-ppu-membership-proposal, and sign up for the implementation tasks
 ** laney to update DD-PPU process to say that any ubuntu-dev is eligible



== People present (lines said) ==

 * Laney (95)
 * mfisch (51)
 * mitya57 (45)
 * meetingology (30)
 * stgraber (29)
 * bdrung (22)
 * micahg-work (13)
 * barry (12)
 * tumbleweed (8)
 * linuxCool (3)
 * dholbach (1)
 * demonoid_me (1)



== Full Log ==


 15:01 <Laney> #startmeeting

 15:01 <meetingology> Meeting started Mon Jun  3 15:01:16 2013 UTC.  The chair is Laney. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 15:01 <meetingology> 

 15:01 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 15:01 * stgraber waves

 15:01 <tumbleweed> o/

 15:01 <mitya57> evening

 15:02 <mfisch> morning

 15:02 <mitya57> :)

 15:02 * Laney waits for one more dmber to come out of the woodwork

 15:02 <Laney> oh, I guess bdrung already did

 15:02 <Laney> ok

 15:02 <Laney> someone remind me if the previous action items is current please

 15:03 * barry waves

 15:03 <bdrung> o/

 15:03 <bdrung> we are quorate

 15:03 <Laney> https://wiki.ubuntu.com/DeveloperMembershipBoard/Agenda

 15:04 <Laney> ok, since nobody wants to tell me :P

 15:04 <Laney> #topic Review of previous action items

 15:04 <bdrung> Laney: yes, i did write a short summary. so this action item is done.

 15:04 <Laney> #subtopic bdrung to write up a short summary of sweetshark's recent sponsorship

 15:04 <Laney> ^

 15:04 <Laney> #subtopic barry to conduct sweetshark ppu vote on ubuntu-dmb list

 15:04 <Laney> done also

 15:04 <Laney> barry: did you send feedback on the outcome?

 15:05 <barry> Laney: i did not, but i will do that

 15:05 <Laney> merci

 15:05 <Laney> #action barry to send outcome of sweetshark ppu vote

 15:05 * meetingology barry to send outcome of sweetshark ppu vote

 15:05 <Laney> #subtopic all: review separation of ppu from membership

 15:06 <Laney> You probably saw that I sent this to the list and put it on http://pad.ubuntu.com/dmb-ppu-membership-proposal

 15:06 <stgraber> I saw it, I even think I read it, but I don't remember it and forgot to comment, so I guess I'll have to go through it again... sorry

 15:06 <Laney> please make some time to consider it and the questions I posed there

 15:06 <Laney> I'd like to get it voted on at the next meeting

 15:07 <Laney> the main thing is that I find the discinction between PPU with and without membership and packagesets to be confusing

 15:07 <Laney> so I'd appreciate everyone thinking about how that should look

 15:08 <Laney> #action everyone read and amend http://pad.ubuntu.com/dmb-ppu-membership-proposal, and sign up for the implementation tasks

 15:08 * meetingology everyone read and amend http://pad.ubuntu.com/dmb-ppu-membership-proposal, and sign up for the implementation tasks

 15:08 <Laney> #topic Adjusting dynamic PPU to make being a DD and an Ubuntu Developer of any kind the prerequisite, instead of PPU.

 15:08 * Laney finds the mail

 15:08 <barry> Laney: i vaguely recall responding to that particular issue ;)

 15:08 <Laney> https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/devel-permissions/2013-May/000483.html

 15:09 <Laney> barry: you did!

 15:10 <Laney> so this is an issue that the DD-PPU thing we approved a while back is maybe too restrictive

 15:10 <Laney> it says that people have to be PPU already, but it seems eminently sensible to me that it should just be updated to say that you must be an Ubuntu Developer of any kind

 15:10 <Laney> yes?

 15:10 <tumbleweed> +1

 15:11 <micahg-work> +1

 15:11 <bdrung> +1

 15:11 <barry> +1

 15:11 <stgraber> I believe we already abused that part of the process in the past, can't remember the specific case, but I do remember us granting extra upload rights to a non-PPU member who was in ubuntu-dev for other reasons

 15:11 <stgraber> so yeah, +1

 15:11 <micahg-work> there are already safeguards in the document about expanding permissions, so I think we're good in that regard

 15:11 <Laney> ok

 15:11 <micahg-work> hrm

 15:11 <micahg-work> Uploading Ubuntu Developer

 15:11 <Laney> #action laney to update DD-PPU process to say that any ubuntu-dev is eligible

 15:11 * meetingology laney to update DD-PPU process to say that any ubuntu-dev is eligible

 15:12 <micahg-work> we can still special case non-uploading if we'd want, but I'd rather have the doc say uploading

 15:12 <micahg-work> or something to that extent

 15:12 <Laney> I'll let you know when I've changed it so you can review

 15:13 <Laney> let's do some applications

 15:13 * Laney checks who was first

 15:13 <Laney> ok, that's ...

 15:13 <bdrung> Laney: could the dynamic-ppu-procedure moved to a wiki page (to be more prominent)?

 15:13 <Laney> bdrung: it is already

 15:14 <Laney> that's just the "law", but the end-user part is on ApplicationProcess iirc

 15:14 <bdrung> Laney: where?

 15:14 <Laney> moving on

 15:14 <Laney> #topic MOTU Application - Matt Fischer

 15:14 * mfisch waves

 15:14 <Laney> hi mfisch!

 15:14 <Laney> care to give us a quick introduction?

 15:14 <mfisch> Sure

 15:15 <mfisch> My name is Matt Fischer, I've been working on Ubuntu now for about 18 months in my free time

 15:15 <mfisch> My day job is at Canonical, where we work on contracted work for Ubuntu

 15:15 <mfisch> like Ubuntu for Android

 15:15 <mfisch> but most of my contribs are in my free time

 15:16 <mfisch> I mainly work on desktop packages

 15:16 <mfisch> since I'm most familiar with them

 15:16 <mfisch> I didn't review what other intros were, so I'm out of stuff to say, but I can answer questions ;)

 15:17 <Laney> seems fine :P

 15:18 <Laney> how comfortable would you say you are with ubuntu development (packaging and process) at this point?

 15:18 <Laney> and/or do you know how & where to get help if you need it?

 15:18 <mfisch> I'm very comfortable with packaging, that is what I do lots of in my free time and my work time. I am also comfortable with process

 15:19 <mfisch> I usually work with a mentor (Robert Ancell) or get help from #ubuntu-desktop on desktop stuff

 15:19 <mfisch> more general stuff, I go to #ubuntu-motu

 15:20 <mfisch> As for updates and syncs, I'm familiar with the old way (debdiff), the UDD way, and the Ubuntu Desktop way

 15:20 <Laney> so as you said, you like to work on desktop stuff - will you be applying to join the ubuntu desktop team any time soon? :-)

 15:20 <Laney> MOTU doesn't let you upload a lot of that stuff so you might still need quite a bit of sponsorship

 15:20 <mfisch> Laney: yes, I will be applying

 15:20 <mfisch> I've spoken to seb about it

 15:21 <mfisch> my work tends to be bursty, as I have kids and time is scarce some evenings, but I

 15:21 <micahg-work> mfisch, do you have an interest in general universe packages, I see you're mostly doing desktop + gnome

 15:21 <Laney> yeah I see on http://ubuntu-dev.alioth.debian.org/cgi-bin/ubuntu-sponsorships.cgi?render=html&sponsor=*&sponsor_search=name&sponsoree=Matthew+Fischer&sponsoree_search=name  that he's sponsored you a bit

 15:21 <mfisch> sorry, I'm trying to work on more desktop stuffd

 15:21 * Laney hands the floor over

 15:22 <mfisch> micahg-work: yes, but desktop has been a focus because its been easy for me to work with people there

 15:22 <mfisch> I have a new universe package and one more on the way from debian

 15:22 <mfisch> (dateutils)

 15:22 <mfisch> and ubuntu-accomps and friends are universe I think

 15:23 <barry> mfisch: just to follow that thread a bit, do you think motu will actually be useful for you right now, assuming you do join the desktop team?  i mean, would desktop + ppu on a handful of additional packages be enough?

 15:24 <mfisch> barry: thinking, one sec

 15:25 <mfisch> barry: Its true that I've not done many MOTU updates recently, but I still think it would be useful to me. However, my ultimate goal is probably Ubuntu desktop

 15:25 <mfisch> I saw MOTU as part of the path to that

 15:25 <barry> mfisch: i don't mean to be discouraging in any way, i'm just trying to tease out what your goals are

 15:26 <mfisch> barry: Eventually I'd like both. My plan was to apply for desktop in a couple months

 15:26 <mfisch> barry: Is experience in desktop packages not applicable for motu?

 15:26 <Laney> we certainly want people who want to help out with universe

 15:27 <barry> mfisch: oh, i do think it is definitely.  i'm just curious mostly as to why you chose the path you did (emphatically *not* implying you did anything wrong or out of order)

 15:28 <mfisch> Ideally these rights can help me at my day job, but mainly I enjoy contributing

 15:28 <barry> mfisch: thanks.  i yield the floor to bdrung

 15:30 <bdrung> mfisch: do you collaborate with Debian developers?

 15:30 <mfisch> bdrung: yes, I've been working with a mentor there to do some new packaging

 15:30 <mfisch> bdrung: I could certainly do more

 15:32 <Laney> the gnome team is cool ;-)

 15:32 <Laney> (if you like svn)

 15:32 <Laney> (hahaha)

 15:32 <tumbleweed> if you like svn, join the python teams too :P

 15:32 <bdrung> mfisch: it's good to see new packages come through Debian.  do you plan do join the Debian gnome team?

 15:33 <bdrung> besides svn, it's a pleasure to work with them. :)

 15:33 <barry> tumbleweed: well, maybe s/like/tolerate/ :)

 15:33 <mfisch> bdrung: to be honest I've not thought about it. I probably should

 15:33 <mfisch> I've used svn before, it's not that bad ;)

 15:33 <Laney> especially now that we're more synced on GNOME versions there are more opportunities to collaborate with them

 15:33 <mfisch> coming from Clearcase it was refreshing

 15:34 <mfisch> being synced is a big win

 15:34 <bdrung> it reduces maintenance overhead when the package can be kept in sync.

 15:34 <mfisch> yes, and makes our lives easier

 15:35 * bdrung yield the floor for stgraber.

 15:35 <mfisch> and the users lives really

 15:35 <stgraber> mfisch: One quick (possibly tricky) question for you. So, let's say we are on the 16th of July and you wish to upload a new version of seahorse. Should you just go ahead and do it or is there a reason why you should refrain?

 15:35 <bdrung> mfisch: i encourage you to get more involved in Debian (and to try to reduce diffs)! :)

 15:36 <mfisch> stgraber: hmm, I'd check the release schedule first

 15:37 <mfisch> looks like a2 is on July 18 (I dont have the schedule memorized), so maybe wait until July 19?

 15:37 <mfisch> or not at all, depending on the changes

 15:37 <mfisch> or better yet, discuss it in #ubuntu-desktop

 15:38 <mfisch> bdrung: I think thats a good idea

 15:38 <stgraber> mfisch: right, July 16th is during alpha2. Now, how would you know whether the package will impact anything that's part of that milestone?

 15:40 <mfisch> stgraber: I'm not sure if I fully understand your question, but I know what seahorse does and how it's used and can gauge the impact of a change from that

 15:41 <mfisch> you can gauge some impact by looking at dependencies if thats what you are asking

 15:41 <stgraber> mfisch: so those early milestones are opt-in, which means that depending on who participates in it, you may be clear to upload.

 15:41 <stgraber> mfisch: I was wondering how you'd check who's participating in the milestone and how to check whether the package is on their image

 15:43 <mfisch> stgraber: I don't know a good way to check that actually

 15:43 <mfisch> an easy way I mean

 15:43 <stgraber> ok. The tool is seeded-in-ubuntu

 15:43 <stgraber> seahorse (from seahorse) is seeded in:

 15:43 <stgraber> edubuntu: dvd

 15:43 <stgraber> ubuntu-gnome: daily-live

 15:43 <stgraber> ubuntu: daily-live, daily-preinstalled

 15:43 <stgraber> ubuntukylin: daily-live

 15:43 <stgraber> the above output shows you that you'd be fine to upload if none of those flavours take part in the milestone

 15:44 <stgraber> otherwise, you should get in touch with the appropriate flavour leads or just through #ubuntu-release

 15:44 <mfisch> yeah

 15:44 <mfisch> I was just looking at that

 15:44 <mfisch> seeded-in-ubuntu seahorse

 15:44 <mfisch> I figured ubuntu-dev-tools would have a useful solution

 15:45 <stgraber> note that we now tend to add britney (proposed-migration) blocks to prevent most packages from moving from -proposed to -release, so it's likely that the upload wouldn't affect anything, however it's always better to just wait before uploading :)

 15:45 <stgraber> Laney: I'm done

 15:45 <Laney> merci!

 15:45 <Laney> #vote should mfisch join ~motu?

 15:45 <meetingology> Please vote on: should mfisch join ~motu?

 15:45 <meetingology> Public votes can be registered by saying +1, +0 or -1 in channel, (private votes don't work yet, but when they do it will be by messaging the channel followed by +1/-1/+0 to me)

 15:46 <Laney> +1

 15:46 <meetingology> +1 received from Laney

 15:46 <stgraber> +1

 15:46 <meetingology> +1 received from stgraber

 15:46 <barry> +1

 15:46 <meetingology> +1 received from barry

 15:46 <bdrung> +1

 15:46 <meetingology> +1 received from bdrung

 15:46 <Laney> tumbleweed: ?

 15:47 <tumbleweed> +1 [ I'd really have prefered to see more endorsements but I have a fair confidence in mfisch from IRC interaction ]

 15:47 <meetingology> +1 [ I'd really have prefered to see more endorsements but I have a fair confidence in mfisch from IRC interaction ] received from tumbleweed

 15:49 <micahg-work> +1 [very impressed with no FTBFS on uploads, would have liked more endorsements as well]

 15:49 <meetingology> +1 [very impressed with no FTBFS on uploads, would have liked more endorsements as well] received from micahg-work

 15:49 <Laney> #endvote

 15:49 <meetingology> Voting ended on: should mfisch join ~motu?

 15:49 <meetingology> Votes for:6 Votes against:0 Abstentions:0

 15:49 <meetingology> Motion carried

 15:49 <Laney> mfisch: congrats, welcome to MOTU :-)

 15:49 <mfisch> thanks, next time I'll get more endorsements!

 15:49 <Laney> look forward to seeing you on #-motu

 15:49 <stgraber> mfisch: congrats!

 15:49 <Laney> for desktop you don't have to come back to us anyway :P

 15:49 <Laney> moving on

 15:49 <mfisch> hah, true

 15:50 <Laney> #topic MOTU application - Dmitry Shachnev

 15:50 <mitya57> o/

 15:50 <Laney> mitya57: it's a you

 15:50 <Laney> can you give us a quick introduction?

 15:50 <mitya57> All of you should already know me (and, in fact, have sponsored something for me :P)

 15:50 <mitya57> So I'll start with what I achieved recently (i.e. in spring)

 15:50 <Laney> for the historical record, if nothing else :-)

 15:51 <mitya57> Well, one line ftr: I'm student of Moscow University, upstream for some python apps like ReText and interested in various random packages in Debuntu

 15:52 <mitya57> (continuing copy-pasting now)

 15:52 <mitya57> In this spring I did:

 15:52 <mitya57> - lots of python packages updates (docutils/sphinx, nose, pyxdg)

 15:52 <mitya57> - helped with preparing qt5 (mostly qtbase and qttranslations)

 15:52 <mitya57> - broke qt4 and fixed it

 15:52 <mitya57> - new mathjax 2.2 and woff-tools

 15:53 <mitya57> - ubuntu-packaging-guide updates

 15:53 <mitya57> - helped with (breaking the archive by) uploading the new poppler

 15:53 <mitya57> My short-term plans include:

 15:53 <mitya57> - major python-keyring update, with switching to secretstorage for secret-service backend and pygi for gnomekeyring backend

 15:53 <mitya57> - fixing the broken texlive in precise

 15:53 <mitya57> - finishing pyqt5 packaging

 15:53 <mitya57> - maybe some qt merges

 15:53 <mitya57> ^D

 15:53 <stgraber> thanks for the introduction

 15:54 <stgraber> I'll start with a quick question because I've got to leave for another meeting in 5min, will keep reading this one though so should be able to vote (but not interact much)

 15:54 <stgraber> So similar question to that I asked mfisch earlier on. Let's say we are on the 16th of July and you wish to upload a new version of vlc. Should you just go ahead and do it or is there a reason why you should refrain?

 15:55 * mitya57 checks the schedule

 15:55 * mitya57 checks seeded-in-ubuntu vlc

 15:56 <mitya57> it's mythbuntu only, so if the RT sets proper britney hints, I'll go ahead

 15:56 <tumbleweed> somebody's been paying attention...

 15:56 <stgraber> mitya57: haha, you went right into the trap ;)

 15:57 <mitya57> (well, I am not interested in vlc, but if I were I would start by talking with bdrung)

 15:57 <stgraber> mitya57: it's correct that it's only seeded by mythbuntu, however do you know how often mythbuntu is actually released?

 15:58 <mitya57> I think one can't predict which flavors will participate in which milestone

 15:58 <stgraber> you can for mythbuntu ;)

 15:58 <mitya57> bad /me

 15:58 <mitya57> I now remember that it has only LTS releases...

 15:58 <stgraber> correct :)

 15:59 <stgraber> so a package seeded only by mythbuntu is always fine to upload during a non-LTS cycle

 16:00 <mitya57> yeah

 16:00 <Laney> anyone else?

 16:01 <micahg-work> o/

 16:01 <Laney> go

 16:02 <micahg-work> mitya57, so, you mention that there are issues with collaboration with upstreams, do you have any proposals on what MOTU could do to improve on this?

 16:02 <mitya57> that was mostly related to gnome, which is for desktop team, not for motu...

 16:03 <mitya57> but Ubuntu GNOME devs (jbicha & darkxst) have been doing nice work with collaborating recently

 16:04 <mitya57> Myself I'm planning to contribute to https://live.gnome.org/GnomeFlashback packaging

 16:05 <mitya57> (some bits already done like recent metacity upload with my patch)

 16:05 <Laney> I imagine the GNOME situation will calm itself down as Ubuntu moves on more

 16:05 <mitya57> let's hope

 16:06 <mitya57> But I think our recent decision to ship 3.6 in R and 3.8 in S was a step back

 16:07 <Laney> in terms of finding bugs early?

 16:07 <mitya57> In terms of collaborating, and finding bugs too

 16:08 <Laney> ah, well as I mentioned earlier it does mean that we can collaborate with the Debian GNOME team more

 16:08 <Laney> so that's an upside from my pov

 16:08 <mitya57> that's a definite upside, yes

 16:09 <micahg-work> mitya57, are you involved with Ubuntu GNOME?

 16:09 <mitya57> micahg-work: not so much

 16:10 <mitya57> (but I use GNOME, not Unity)

 16:10 <mitya57> and sometimes fix bugs when I find them

 16:11 <linuxCool> x

 16:11 <linuxCool> hello to all

 16:11 <linuxCool> when will be start     Ubuntu Security?

 16:12 <micahg-work> linuxCool, 20 minutes (we're still in the DMB meeting)

 16:12 <Laney> anyone else?

 16:13 <demonoid_me> aaa ok sorry :)

 16:13 <bdrung> mitya57: are you involved in the Debian GNOME team?

 16:13 * Laney takes that as a no

 16:13 <Laney> blast

 16:14 <mitya57> bdrung: already asked by micahg-work (in short: no)

 16:14 <bdrung> he asked for the Ubuntu team.

 16:14 <bdrung> i recommend to get more involved in the GNOME teams, as you already collaborate nicely with Debian.

 16:14 <mitya57> bdrung: also no more than sending some patches

 16:15 <mitya57> In Debian, I'm member of two python teams, javascript team and fonts team

 16:16 <Laney> thanks

 16:16 <Laney> & now we will vote!

 16:16 <Laney> #vote should mitya57 join ~motu?

 16:16 <meetingology> Please vote on: should mitya57 join ~motu?

 16:16 <meetingology> Public votes can be registered by saying +1, +0 or -1 in channel, (private votes don't work yet, but when they do it will be by messaging the channel followed by +1/-1/+0 to me)

 16:16 <Laney> +1 yay

 16:16 <meetingology> +1 yay received from Laney

 16:16 <barry> +1 happily

 16:16 <meetingology> +1 happily received from barry

 16:16 <bdrung> +1

 16:16 <meetingology> +1 received from bdrung

 16:16 <stgraber> +1

 16:16 <meetingology> +1 received from stgraber

 16:16 <micahg-work> +1

 16:16 <meetingology> +1 received from micahg-work

 16:16 <tumbleweed> +1

 16:16 <meetingology> +1 received from tumbleweed

 16:17 <Laney> #endvote

 16:17 <meetingology> Voting ended on: should mitya57 join ~motu?

 16:17 <meetingology> Votes for:6 Votes against:0 Abstentions:0

 16:17 <meetingology> Motion carried

 16:17 <Laney> congrats!

 16:17 <mitya57> Thanks! \o/

 16:17 <dholbach> congratulations mitya57!

 16:17 <Laney> #action laney to add mfisch and mitya57 to motu

 16:17 * meetingology laney to add mfisch and mitya57 to motu

 16:17 <Laney> #topic AOB

 16:17 <mitya57> hi dholbach, and thank you!

 16:17 <Laney> can someone reply to Daniel Pocock on devel-permissions please?

 16:18 <bdrung> mitya57: congrats. one question: do you want to join the ubuntu sponsors team?

 16:18 <mitya57> bdrung: yes, I want :)

 16:18 <bdrung> nice :)

 16:19 <Laney> aaaaaanyone?

 16:19 <bdrung> Laney: i can do that if no-one else will want it

 16:20 <Laney> doesn't seem like anyone is scrambling

 16:20 <Laney> thanks

 16:20 <Laney> #action bdrung to reply to Daniel Pocock on devel-permissions

 16:20 * meetingology bdrung to reply to Daniel Pocock on devel-permissions

 16:20 <Laney> be nice :P

 16:20 <bdrung> i will point to my language barrier if i am not :p

 16:20 <Laney> wiki says next chair is ScottK

 16:21 <Laney> anything else?

 16:21 * barry must have missed daniel's message :/

 16:21 <tumbleweed> hrm, daniel has 0 uploads in Ubuntu

 16:21 <tumbleweed> that makes the reply fairly easy

 16:21 <Laney> right

 16:21 <bdrung> barry: sent today a few hours ago

 16:21 <Laney> but if all of his stuff is in sync and in great condition, ...

 16:21 <Laney> anyway

 16:21 <Laney> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)