== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting Meeting, 21 Oct at 15:00 &mdash; 15:17 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2013/ubuntu-meeting.2013-10-21-15.00.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Review of previous action items ===
The discussion about "Review of previous action items" started at 15:05.


=== Package Sets ===
The discussion about "Package Sets" started at 15:06.


=== PerPackageUploader Applications ===
The discussion about "PerPackageUploader Applications" started at 15:06.


=== MOTU Applications ===
The discussion about "MOTU Applications" started at 15:07.


=== Ubuntu Core Developer Applications ===
The discussion about "Ubuntu Core Developer Applications" started at 15:08.


=== Should we change UTC meeting time when the DST-ending madness begins? ===
The discussion about "Should we change UTC meeting time when the DST-ending madness begins?" started at 15:08.


=== aob ===
The discussion about "aob" started at 15:16.




== Vote results ==




== Action items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * barry (37)
 * Laney (8)
 * micahg-work (4)
 * tumbleweed (4)
 * meetingology (3)
 * stgraber (2)
 * ScottK (2)
 * ubottu (1)



== Full Log ==


 15:00 <barry> #startmeeting

 15:00 <meetingology> Meeting started Mon Oct 21 15:00:26 2013 UTC.  The chair is barry. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 15:00 <meetingology> 

 15:00 <meetingology> Available commands: #accept #accepted #action #agree #agreed #chair #commands #endmeeting #endvote #halp #help #idea #info #link #lurk #meetingname #meetingtopic #nick #progress #rejected #replay #restrictlogs #save #startmeeting #subtopic #topic #unchair #undo #unlurk #vote #voters #votesrequired

 15:00 <barry> !dmb-ping

 15:00 <ubottu> bdrung, ScottK, Laney, micahg, barry, tumbleweed, stgraber: DMB ping

 15:00 <barry> welcome to this week's ubuntu developer membership board meeting

 15:00 * Laney waves

 15:01 <barry> stgraber: will be along in a while

 15:02 <barry> micahg-work: hi

 15:02 <barry> we can wait another couple of minutes for bdrung, ScottK, and tumbleweed

 15:03 <tumbleweed> o/

 15:04 <barry> i guess we'll start

 15:05 <barry> #topic Review of previous action items

 15:05 <barry> 

 15:05 * stgraber waves

 15:05 <barry> is there anything we need to review?

 15:06 <barry> #topic Package Sets

 15:06 <barry> 

 15:06 <barry> no package sets today

 15:06 <barry> #topic PerPackageUploader Applications

 15:07 <barry> utlemming does not appear to be online :(

 15:07 <barry> let's skip ahead and see if he shows up

 15:07 <Laney> doh

 15:07 <barry> #topic MOTU Applications

 15:07 <barry> none

 15:08 <barry> #topic Ubuntu Core Developer Applications

 15:08 <barry> none today

 15:08 <barry> #topic Should we change UTC meeting time when the DST-ending madness begins?

 15:09 <barry> any objections to taking this one to the mailing list?

 15:09 <tumbleweed> barry loves noop meetings

 15:09 <barry> tumbleweed: almost better than meetings i miss :)

 15:09 <tumbleweed> no objection, but generally, if we want to actually make a decision, this is the place to do it

 15:09 <micahg-work> sounds good to me

 15:10 <Laney> Well

 15:10 <barry> tumbleweed: in that case.  i personally have no problem with keeping it at 1500 utc.  i suspect stgraber and ScottK won't mind either

 15:10 <Laney> Aren't the DST changes happening before the next meeting?

 15:10 <barry> Laney: in the NA, yes

 15:11 * ScottK wave.

 15:11 <barry> micahg-work: i think you are the westish among us, so maybe it affects you most?

 15:12 * ScottK is good with whatever.

 15:12 <barry> tumbleweed, Laney, bdrung any preferences?

 15:12 <Laney> What is the proposal?

 15:12 * tumbleweed doesn't mind either way

 15:12 <Laney> 1500 is fine

 15:12 <barry> Laney: keep dmb at 1500utc or switch it to Something Else

 15:12 <barry> (and 1900utc)

 15:13 <barry> micahg-work: any objections then to keeping 1500utc and 1900utc?

 15:14 <micahg-work> I have an issue with 15:00, I'll miss the meeting most likely

 15:15 <micahg-work> well, maybe I can attend from my phone

 15:15 <barry> micahg-work: why don't we try it and if it's a real hardship, we can move it?

 15:15 <micahg-work> ok

 15:15 <barry> thanks

 15:15 <Laney> tether it :-)

 15:16 <barry> well, that about does it, and no utlemming, so i will send an email and push him back to the next meeting

 15:16 <barry> #topic aob

 15:16 <barry> any other business before we adjourn?

 15:16 * stgraber doesn't have anything

 15:16 <Laney> nope

 15:17 <barry> okay then..

 15:17 <barry> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)