== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting: DMB, 24 Sep at 15:09 &mdash; 15:32 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2018/ubuntu-meeting.2018-09-24-15.09.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== Review of previous action items ===
The discussion about "Review of previous action items" started at 15:09.


=== Ubuntu Core Developer Applications ===
The discussion about "Ubuntu Core Developer Applications" started at 15:09.

 * '''Andreas Hasenack (ahasenack)''' (15:10)
  * ''Vote:'' ahasenack coredev application (Carried)
  * ''ACTION:'' sil2100 to add ahasenack to core-dev and send announcements

=== AOB ===
The discussion about "AOB" started at 15:22.




== Vote results ==

 * [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2018/ubuntu-meeting.2018-09-24-15.09.log.html#36 ahasenack coredev application]]
  * Motion carried (For/Against/Abstained 4/0/0)
   *  Voters cyphermox, jbicha, sil2100, tsimonq2



== Action items, by person ==

 * ahasenack
  * sil2100 to add ahasenack to core-dev and send announcements
 * sil2100
  * sil2100 to add ahasenack to core-dev and send announcements



== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * sil2100 (30)
 * ahasenack (16)
 * cyphermox (14)
 * meetingology (13)
 * tsimonq2 (13)
 * jbicha (2)



== Full Log ==


 15:09 <sil2100> #startmeeting DMB

 15:09 <meetingology> Meeting started Mon Sep 24 15:09:09 2018 UTC.  The chair is sil2100. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 15:09 <meetingology> 

 15:09 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 15:09 <sil2100> #topic Review of previous action items

 15:09 <sil2100> I see no action items, so let's proceed to applications

 15:09 <sil2100> #topic Ubuntu Core Developer Applications

 15:10 <sil2100> #subtopic Andreas Hasenack (ahasenack)

 15:10 <sil2100> ahasenack: o/

 15:10 <sil2100> ahasenack: could you introduce yourself?

 15:10 <ahasenack> hello!

 15:10 <ahasenack> I'm Andreas Hasenack, this is my Coredev application: https://wiki.ubuntu.com/AndreasHasenack/CoredevApplication

 15:10 <sil2100> Application: https://wiki.ubuntu.com/AndreasHasenack/CoredevApplication

 15:10 <sil2100> Ah ;)

 15:11 <ahasenack> I became an ubuntu server developer last year, and since then I'm working on many more packages in ubuntu server

 15:11 <ahasenack> my current passion is adding/fixing dep8 tests

 15:11 <ahasenack> I'm also striving to push our changes back to upstream and debian

 15:12 <ahasenack> in my application I listed a few examples of each of these aspects of what I'm doing

 15:12 <cyphermox> I especially like the "things I like the least" section

 15:13 <ahasenack> in the sprint last week one of those was addressed

 15:13 <ahasenack> the "packages stuck in migration-proposed" one

 15:13 <ahasenack> now there is https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/proposed-migration/cosmic/update_excuses_by_team.html

 15:14 <sil2100> It's a very good and detailed application btw.

 15:14 <cyphermox> ahasenack: yep

 15:14 <cyphermox> ahasenack: I'm preparing to address one more today ;)

 15:14 <ahasenack> nice!

 15:14 <ahasenack> ocfs2-tools and mysql are being addressed

 15:14 <ahasenack> ruby is new, but I've seen an email about it being checked already (in our team)

 15:15 <ahasenack> I also like going after ftbfs issues, doko's email is always a good summary

 15:16 <ahasenack> sil2100: thanks

 15:18 <tsimonq2> I'm ready to vote; very solid application. :)

 15:19 <sil2100> Any questions? jbicha, cyphermox?

 15:19 <cyphermox> nope. Solid application, I like what I see

 15:19 <jbicha> I don't have any questions here

 15:20 <sil2100> Ok, let's start voting then

 15:20 <sil2100> #vote ahasenack coredev application

 15:20 <meetingology> Please vote on: ahasenack coredev application

 15:20 <meetingology> Public votes can be registered by saying +1, +0 or -1 in channel, (for private voting, private message me with 'vote +1/-1/+0 #channelname)

 15:20 <tsimonq2> +1 Keep up the great work

 15:20 <meetingology> +1 Keep up the great work received from tsimonq2

 15:20 <sil2100> +1

 15:20 <meetingology> +1 received from sil2100

 15:20 <jbicha> +1

 15:20 <meetingology> +1 received from jbicha

 15:21 <cyphermox> +1

 15:21 <meetingology> +1 received from cyphermox

 15:21 <sil2100> #endvote

 15:21 <meetingology> Voting ended on: ahasenack coredev application

 15:21 <meetingology> Votes for:4 Votes against:0 Abstentions:0

 15:21 <meetingology> Motion carried

 15:21 <sil2100> ahasenack: congratulations!

 15:21 <ahasenack> thank you guys!

 15:21 <tsimonq2> Congrats!

 15:21 <sil2100> I guess everyone saw it coming

 15:21 <sil2100> ;)

 15:22 <ahasenack> let's make ubuntu rock even more

 15:22 <tsimonq2> woot

 15:22 <sil2100> +1!

 15:22 <sil2100> #action sil2100 to add ahasenack to core-dev and send announcements

 15:22 * meetingology sil2100 to add ahasenack to core-dev and send announcements

 15:22 <sil2100> I'll take care of it once I'm done with lunch

 15:22 <sil2100> #topic AOB

 15:22 <sil2100> Any other business for today?

 15:22 <tsimonq2> One thing, perhaps.

 15:23 <tsimonq2> (sec to type it)

 15:23 <sil2100> Ok, I'll brb in a minute with some food

 15:24 <tsimonq2> infinity was maybe talking about making the DMB core-dev only (rather than ubuntu-dev) once I became a core-dev. Is that something everyone would be comfortable doing? Is this something we enforce or the TB does? Thoughts? :)

 15:25 <cyphermox> I don't know that it's absolutely necessary

 15:25 <cyphermox> but I'm not opposed to it

 15:26 <cyphermox> I mean, it's not because one is not a core-dev that one can't evaluate the application of people

 15:26 <cyphermox> the only issue is that it in theory gives access to grant core-dev to oneself.

 15:26 <tsimonq2> Right.

 15:28 <tsimonq2> Should I raise this on the mailing list maybe?

 15:28 <sil2100> I think we need to bring it up for discussion somewhere with more people

 15:29 <sil2100> This feels to me like the kind of thing that I'd prefer to let the TB decide as well

 15:30 <cyphermox> well, there's some benefit on having a concensus among the DMB first ;)

 15:30 <tsimonq2> Agreed on both points

 15:30 <cyphermox> tsimonq2: you were in that position, maybe send the email, and bring up how it was for you?

 15:31 <tsimonq2> cyphermox: Sure.

 15:31 <sil2100> Sure, not saying we shouldn't have consensus in the DMB, I was talking more about the actual final decision

 15:31 <cyphermox> yeah, absolutely

 15:31 <sil2100> tsimonq2: thanks!

 15:31 <cyphermox> tsimonq2: thanks! :)

 15:31 <tsimonq2> np :)

 15:31 <tsimonq2> Anything else?

 15:31 <sil2100> Any other topics?

 15:32 <cyphermox> nothing here

 15:32 <sil2100> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)