== Meeting information ==
 * #ubuntu-meeting: 20181210, 10 Dec at 20:02 &mdash; 20:31 UTC
 * Full logs at [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2018/ubuntu-meeting.2018-12-10-20.02.log.html]]



== Meeting summary ==

=== CatalanTeam ===
The discussion about "CatalanTeam" started at 20:05.

  * ''LINK:'' https://wiki.ubuntu.com/CatalanTeam/ReVerificationApplication2018 
  * ''Vote:'' CatalanTeam re-verification (Carried)



== Vote results ==

 * [[http://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2018/ubuntu-meeting.2018-12-10-20.02.log.html#40 CatalanTeam re-verification]]
  * Motion carried (For/Against/Abstained 5/0/0)
   *  Voters kyrofa, Letozaf_, kenvandine, gsilvapt, nhaines



== Done items ==

 * (none)



== People present (lines said) ==

 * kenvandine (25)
 * meetingology (14)
 * wagafo (13)
 * nhaines (9)
 * gsilvapt (9)
 * kyrofa (8)
 * Letozaf_ (5)
 * gsilvapt__ (3)



== Full Log ==


 20:02 <kenvandine> #startmeeting 20181210

 20:02 <meetingology> Meeting started Mon Dec 10 20:02:25 2018 UTC.  The chair is kenvandine. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology.

 20:02 <meetingology> 

 20:02 <meetingology> Available commands: action commands idea info link nick

 20:02 <kenvandine> kyrofa: i had that in my meeting script...

 20:02 <gsilvapt> howdy!

 20:02 <kenvandine> hi wagafo!

 20:03 <nhaines> wagafo: thanks for coming.  :)

 20:04 <kenvandine> Letozaf_ hey

 20:05 <kenvandine> #chairs Letozaf_ gsilvapt kenvandine kyrofa nhaines

 20:05 <Letozaf_> hi everyone :)

 20:05 <kenvandine> #topic CatalanTeam

 20:06 <gsilvapt> https://wiki.ubuntu.com/CatalanTeam/ReVerificationApplication2018

 20:07 <kenvandine> wagafo: looks like your team has been pretty active

 20:07 <kenvandine> at least you love to party :)

 20:07 <gsilvapt> indeed, I'm happy to see an application like this

 20:07 <kyrofa> Agreed, I'm impressed

 20:08 <wagafo> We haven't missed a release since 2006 I believe

 20:08 <wagafo> Our record was 18.04, we had it in Barcelona, Palma (Mallorca) and Foios (Valencia)

 20:09 <nhaines> That impressed me!  :)

 20:09 <wagafo> It wa a nice tour, I was in all three places

 20:09 <kenvandine> awesome!

 20:10 <wagafo> Actually it was not in Barcelona, but Tarrega, a small city about 120 km from Barcelona

 20:10 <wagafo> The other two are right

 20:10 <kenvandine> great to see such an active loco

 20:11 <nhaines> I like that you are plannng a Free Software with Ubuntu course at a university.

 20:11 <wagafo> Our forum I think is one of the most active ones of the ones for Loco hosted in Ubuntu Forums

 20:11 <gsilvapt> This is hard to have anything against to say :P

 20:12 <Letozaf_> you are doing a great job, indeed

 20:12 <kenvandine> active mailing list and forum as well

 20:13 <wagafo> It's nice also because we had some young people joining recently, like aniolgarcia who is around here

 20:14 <wagafo> I want to thank the hard work of our Loco contact and coordinator, rafael_carreras

 20:15 <nhaines> His hard work is clearly paying off, along with the work of everyone else in your LoCo.

 20:15 <nhaines> Do you see any issues for the LoCo in the upcoming year?

 20:15 <kenvandine> we're sorry we couldn't review this last month

 20:16 <wagafo> The main problem I guess is to keep interest in Ubuntu and assistance to our actiivities, but this must be the case for all Loco teams. We usualy don't have problems to get venues for our install parties, there is always interest somewhere

 20:18 <nhaines> Well, the best cure for that, I think, is active events, and you are surely doing a good job there.

 20:19 <wagafo> I guess so, but we always discussing how to get more and better difussion to our activities

 20:20 <wagafo> We have also a Telegram group to coordinate, and we have bridged it tou our IRC channel, so now there is also more activity there

 20:20 <kenvandine> #vote CatalanTeam re-verification

 20:20 <meetingology> Please vote on: CatalanTeam re-verification

 20:20 <meetingology> Public votes can be registered by saying +1, +0 or -1 in channel, (for private voting, private message me with 'vote +1/-1/+0 #channelname)

 20:20 <Letozaf_> +1

 20:20 <meetingology> +1 received from Letozaf_

 20:20 <kenvandine> #voters Letozaf_ gsilvapt kenvandine kyrofa nhaines

 20:20 <meetingology> Current voters: Letozaf_ gsilvapt kenvandine kyrofa nhaines

 20:20 <kenvandine> +1

 20:20 <meetingology> +1 received from kenvandine

 20:20 <kyrofa> =1

 20:20 <kyrofa> Uh

 20:21 <kyrofa> +1

 20:21 <meetingology> +1 received from kyrofa

 20:21 <nhaines> +1 Please keep up the incredible work.

 20:21 <meetingology> +1 Please keep up the incredible work. received from nhaines

 20:22 <kyrofa> Did we lose gsilvapt?

 20:22 <kenvandine> gsilvapt?

 20:23 <kenvandine> gsilvapt: welcome back, mind voting?

 20:24 <gsilvapt__> sorry about that. Too many things plugged in :)

 20:24 <gsilvapt__> Are we voting already?

 20:24 <kenvandine> gsilvapt__: yes

 20:24 <gsilvapt__> +1 for me

 20:24 <kyrofa> Yes, but you might want to change your nick

 20:25 <gsilvapt> +1

 20:25 <meetingology> +1 received from gsilvapt

 20:25 <gsilvapt> Daium :P

 20:25 <kenvandine> #endvote

 20:25 <meetingology> Voting ended on: CatalanTeam re-verification

 20:25 <meetingology> Votes for:5 Votes against:0 Abstentions:0

 20:25 <meetingology> Motion carried

 20:25 <nhaines> Congratulations, Catalan Team.  And thank you, rafael_carreras, for a month's worth of patience!

 20:25 <kenvandine> keep up the excellent work!

 20:25 <kyrofa> Thanks wagafo, congratulations!

 20:25 <wagafo> Thanks guys and gals, keep up the wonderful job you do!

 20:25 <gsilvapt> Thank you for all your work

 20:26 <wagafo> Thanks

 20:26 <Letozaf_> Thank you for your good work

 20:28 <kyrofa> I think that's it for the agenda, any open items?

 20:29 <nhaines> I don't believe so.

 20:30 <kenvandine> nope

 20:30 <kenvandine> i think we're done

 20:31 <kenvandine> thanks everyone!

 20:31 <gsilvapt> Thank you everyone

 20:31 <Letozaf_> yw

 20:31 <kenvandine> i'll update the wiki for next meeting as well as the launchpad team for catalan

 20:31 <gsilvapt> ok, thanks kenvandine

 20:31 <kenvandine> #endmeeting



Generated by MeetBot 0.1.5 (http://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology)